Most common words for this cluster:
[('exam', 677), ('exams', 347), ('tomorrow', 325), ('today', 114), ('maths', 111), ('study', 99), ('im', 75), ('math', 71), ('na', 68), ('day', 65), ('week', 64), ('school', 55)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'exams', 0.6679893136024475), (u'exam', 0.6574668288230896), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6379263401031494), (u'SheldenWilliams_@', 0.6239028573036194), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.6140495538711548), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.6138124465942383), (u'Edson_Roddy', 0.6122041940689087), (u'@_kiranchetrycnn_@', 0.6032426357269287), (u'THE_PRESIDENT_Okay', 0.6010896563529968), (u'pioneer_LaLanne', 0.5970390439033508)]





really don't feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam... 
STOU site not update, no info about 2/2552 exam, and open course, I must wait for mail notices and doc. um... 
home. mc. bored. missing him. who? him  sigh. im bored. tadi exam &amp; was okay. thursday lagi exam. gaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!
the maine- please out me to sleep! i have tests in the morning! 
omg i slept 2 hours, this sucks. now i'm off to school until 5:30  then i have to memorize my french oral and study for exams :'( too much
I'm trying not to do anything today as I probably have the flu, but still have mtg with my adviser, career fair, chem quiz, &amp; group mtg! 
wow....wrote 4 pages in one hour, while playing around with music downloads...lol...i knew i could write the paper!!! now math hw 
not looking forward to writing a 2300-2500 word essay for history for next week stupid exam essay worth 30% im scared 
game tonight, exam tomorrow and it's raining therefore i don't want to do anything  lol
i don't want a friday lab next semester 
says im scared for mock exam on monday   http://plurk.com/p/ovdw2
oh gosh, i need to study for math. exams on wednesday! need to study in advanced. but i want to go to the bazaar tomorrow 
so i have an exam tonight -- beautiful day -- BUt i have to study 
ok seems to be working again now ;-) comp just had one of it's midlife crises there seems to be everytime the quiz is on 
i had a terrible nightmare about failing my june A2 exams and i'm worried i'll have a similar nightmare tonight!  exam stress is killin me
@rushad88 oo you are lucky! i had an exam 9-12 and the rest of the day i was studying for my exam on mon  its never going to stop!!
@kiddo_jersey man i cant.  gotta shoot and study for test.
is upset @ my situation  -im sick- cpa exam is in less 2 wks- im tired- ive missed out on so much already-my wallet is still gone &amp; more
@mileycyrus it could be worse! i have go to uni tomorrow to prepare for 6 exams and a 2000 word essay for wednesday  it's tragic!
is DREADING the physical assessment final thurs 
@macbella2  tis so sad! it's my exam week and I feel like crap-ola!
bk 2 skool 2morrow. not ready 4 exams at all 
doing homework rite now  bac 2 skool 2morrow noooo.......!
I am not looking forward to the next 3 weeks. papers, exams, and moving!! ughh 
cant be bothered with coursework  grrrrrrr
@lisanoelruocco you know by saying that, this week will drag on.   i want it to be next tuesday, so i hear ya. good luck on your exam. 
@Smartidiotx and @maryaminho : misss yaaa loadz &lt;3 sooo sick that i cant focus?! i have to study for 2 tests: bus math and bus and mgt?! 
2 exams, 1 paper, 1 quiz, 1 project, +hw all in 2 days.. fail 
exam today,  sleepy, hungry, 
@jdeakin72 congratulations!  now go get that doc exam. hahahahaha!  he'll probably tell you no more beer. 
@martinhiggins although i should have done maths to a-level i think  i should be ok though
Finishing the literature mid-term  tomorow still have exams &gt;&quot;&lt;
@dineanddashed indeed  its rubbish. especially wen i have two essays due in on thursday and i cant move out of my bed 
spanish oral exam today. im nervous 
I am pissed.4outa5 classes i need for fall are full already.so i gotta bs my way thru the semester with classes i dont need 
so sleepy but i cant sleep  tmrw 3rd day of nat'l exam : mathematics! sleeping days is over LOL
Looooonnng exam tomorrow... I'm not gonna pass. 
i am nearly done my music assessment!! uhh now on to english essay and studying for exams!! 
; weekend  gunna study for my science test, do my socials notes babysit and enjoy the stupid rain thats coming 
sssooo boriingg ........ yuck heaps of study 2mz exams monday- friday 
drama exam is doomed, i dont know what i'm doing, or where i have to be and when... bring on tuesday 
Just randomly surfing the internet and listening music, just finished my 7th na exam and going to make bio exam in 10 minutes 
Why am I awake?  ballet exams start today! mine in one wekk :| help? currently in my bed wishing sleep upon me with ma cuzzz.
on to other things. we need to go through temperature screenings before sitting for our exams now. that sucks. 
is learning french for her oral exam on wednesday at 12.00pm 
ohoo got private math lessons in 15 minutes  i dont waaant to. and then after it gotta go babysittiing. ..BOOORIING!
@mileycyrus god bless u miley. regarding saturdays, i have some instructors who call us on holidays for exams!!, and nobody can say no  
trying to study for his stat exam tomorrow...bulls lost so less inspiration 
@w3ndee haha. ew indeed . but good for you ! im getting my exams soon  so lame, the weekend is way too short.
Doing Fiqh khulasah. Exam on Wed :X I miss my unbroken Palm PDA. It's now on constant life support i.e hv to charge it during use 
wish it was raining..exams start friday 
coursework/revision today me thinks  hmm,, maybe go out later , football sounds gurd ;D     
@damagedscene might watch it again, the thought of a maths exam on wednesday isn't amusing me. 
fitness instructor coursework for my next exam  followed my a bang on meal from my mrs and then some music 
have an horrebel day!!!my pc is crashed,where all my pictures of my daughter are on,and the studuy material of my exam 
..but right now I gotta learn latin 4 my exam tomorrow .. I really hate latin .. a language as dead as dead can be .. 
got my art exam on tuesday.  30 hours 
ARGHHHH... tomorrow-final exams...sooo weird! I don't wanna do it  :S
worried about my psych exam tomorrow.... 
I don't want to go back to school tomorrow!  I didn't do my homework LOL. I'm gonna be in soooo much trouble. The assignment is worth 25%.
studying for linear algebra final tommorow instead of l4d 
@cliuless i'm dyinggggggg. finally on the 2nd half of my final paper, but still need to study for math and my other final, both tomorrow! 
most definite definitely- gotta get stuck into studying simultaneous equations and consumer arithmetic for maths test tomorrow 
is going to darley abbey today to rehearse for drama exam which is 2moro!!! shiiiit! 
@kimmydegiulio i just finished doing math... it sucks.. you have to look over my test... im alll alone in my room 
Morning all, got to do some revision today  stupid exams!
maths revision all day  how crap is that !
And thus exam time is upon me. I don't wanna 
maths exam tomorrow, and im feeling so awful and unable to concentrate 
woke up with terrible feeling; like something happened or is going to happen. 4 days until the ap exam. 6-8 study group. 
@fSTACK_ yer exams in 3 weeks  maybe less i dunno
i am soooo bored revising for my spanish exam tomorrow! 9:30 in the morning, il still be half asleep! haha 
@craaziiemma hey, you okay? im so bored revising for my spanish exam tomorrow!  xx
chemistry was boring, and it KILLS me seriously that i have no idea what the teacher's talking about, and exam is next week. 
Has art exam from 9-12.30 tomorrow  dont even want to do it LOL thats only the first outta 4 art exams 
@menegurl i am, unfortunately.  need to go anorexic again. as soon as i'm done with exams.
@martha91 cool. what do you do? i have an oral Japanese test tomorrow.. :S it's compulsory class.. 
Shitting it with exams beyond belief. Like no joke here 
studying for spanish....as ALWAYS!! Exam at 3:10  At least I get pizza today at the Senate meeting! yay
just woke up..darn tired..party hard last night!!!!  still has to study for my exams...
finally home from work, back 10-10 tomorrow.  still have paper &amp; 2 exams for monday that i have to find time to study for   plus project
exams this week  im not looking forward to them tho we do get to go iceskating!
morning children. its rather cold isnt it. cnt sleep anymore  bricking it for the exams 
so tired.  sad i couldnt go to pic-a-nic- i blame clarks. (who i also intend to blame for failing exams/ general misery infliction...)
dint go for my sisters wedding because of my exams  *sad* *sad*
@hails_freak  lol as per... im just up at 11 : 40... time to study but  not ready for exams at all so i feel sick tht its less than a week
cba with coursework i want to get lost in breaking dawn 
Exams in a week, aaah, left my english course work in the locker! I'm screeeewed. 
ok goin to work now, for only 4 hours. then study some math and crossing my fingers I wont fail! 
Revising for exams.. not fun.. have no idea what im doing 
Not allowed to go to any party today  mummy won't let me due to the stupid exams, arghhh!!!
@bradiewebbstack I hate you  i wanna leave schhol  i hate 3 weeks of exams 
Revising for german exam tomorrow no doubt im going to fail 
Having to do 6 hours worth of exam papers on a sunday is not my idea of fun 
i'm really not in the mood to revise for my french exam 
yep am back.i decided to run on me treadmil.am gettin fat  exam stress and am a nervous eater =/
fuck me. i didnt really study for my ap psych exam, and its tuesday. im fucked if i want to get the credit 
math final tomorrow...im getting an ulcer over it 
i totally forgot about our history test tomorrow. crap. i gotta go study.....  
pulling an all-nighter w/ jamie... never done this before.. exam in the morning... 
@iEscapedYou oh ok well i think imma go to sleep-o , gotta go to school tomorrow and take my exams  pray for me lol
@DoubleEMichelle ugh yes  not cool. no morning exams allowed!
yup...i give up...i cant do any more homework or im gonna go crazy...2 tests tomorrow! 2 papers due  and my workbook! ughhh!
@priscillabus URGH! I will be in an exam from 9 til 12.30 so I definitely won't be able to tweet until I get back home=no free tixs 4 me 
Is very tried + got exams today  x x
i boasted to my sister because unlike her i have no school today. but now i think about it, its not really an advantage-exam 2moro 
@MillieRose_ go ask to borrow one off mr drago! I'm stuck at home doing more fucking rs revision  what exam do you have today?
up doing essays for my take home exam that's due friday. So sleepy 
fixing my blooy schedule for next sem 
I would much rather be worryin bout the ap exam instead of goin 2 seven classes n have 2 worry bout makeup wurk. Fml. 
has got lots of tricksy revision things to go through for english exam tmrw 
@onlinecaroline hoorah! i hate exam period. nobody ever comes out to play   xx
@sophiebella thanks good.tomorrow i have a exam in english 
AAAAAAAARGH english exam tommorow  :S :O i hate revising, why did i only start the day before.
Ah english exam tomorrow! oh dear!  not looking forward to it 
needs to go revise for the psychology exam tomorrow 
just got owned by my med-surg midterm 
doing hairdressing homework.. ahh gay. but gotta be don't. I miss dylan 
@jlamshed and @lucybarrow you get 9 pages but have filled them with edu apps to test with students and some for my 3yr old 
needs to catch up on alot of movies..ughh!! exams!! 
@pinkbunny69  got exams on the 1 &amp; 3 june. but after that im free till oct when college starts again. when i say &quot;free&quot; i mean at work 
lazy sunday today i think. 4 days of school left then study leave. lots of exams 
is up... revision time for tomorrow exam! 
revision  i am not looking forward to monday, tuesday or wednesday ... its not fair to have three important exams on 3 consecutive days 
I've got a sociology exam tomorrow on education. This will be the 3rd time doing it, I've already had two D's in it. 
tomorrow biology exam about information processing, axons, equilibrium rest potential and so on.. really hard stuff 
is thinking she needs nore followers.arghh i gotta do some revison soon maths exam tomorrow  xx
This time tomorrow I'll be doing a maths exam. I'm really not prepared 
@Beckiethelifeof i know ahha, me too! i have 2 exams tomorrow  nooooo! when do you have yours? x
@ariananana8D same, but i have like another year left. how sad  just finishing off some c/w and getting ready for my exam tomorrow. you?
OMGWTFLOL! HAHA  http://bit.ly/1a7Fxv (doin this with @planemad in @busroutesin channel when I have a maths exam tomorrow  )
My lounge is now an exam hall.  I'm so sad  http://tinyurl.com/ogk7t8
@holly11368 good good, this isnt goin to be good for me but im not goin to be in ict, ive got maths revision then exam 2moro  i miss media
@andrewpycroft @andrewpycroft  maths revision and far away and sunday service! &amp; it'll be cold and gross by the time i get there 
has 6 exams in four days, starting tomorrow.. ah maaan 
@xCeelou :| good luck with the exams! but that sucks, i work all wednesday 
y won't it stop raining  finally graduated school all have left to do now is exams so good luck to anyone doin their exams this summer x x
has a really sore back from falling down the stairs! and does not want her maths exam tomorrow  x
good grief, i'm doing civil engineering for god's sake, since when did civ eng students know how to do 2-hour 3-essay timed exams? 
Has her piano exam in the morning, might just start to cry  xxx
im sooooooooo going to fail maths tomorrow  
no motivation whatso ever to revise.....i need my m8s in cyprus  gotta hold on tight for a week of business/maths exams 
french oral exam tommorow 
i cant seem 2 concentrate on studying, exams all week from 2morow  headache listening to my moms classical music 2 help me relax lol
today's revision has been a waste of time i think  but i hope my brain is in french mode tomorrow for the exam
today's revision has been a waste of time i think   but i hope my brain is in french mode tomorrow for the exam
todays revision has been such a waste of time i think  i just hope my brain is in french mode tomorrow for the exam fingers crossed xx
Finishing my maths revision for tomorrow! It's taking the piss 
@michelle_j70 lol i know im not in the mood for revising at all, still got 2 more exams after this 1 too 
off to school ahhhhhhhhhhhh german test and first lesson english ughh 
sooo sickk  this sucks got exams all week and have to go through it 
Morning all, Maths Exam Today @ 1.30BST  Please
school and science test..euggh..i might not get through this day guys..   im sorry
My brain can't hold the amount of maths things I need to pass this stinking exam 
up early this morning! ready to go to the doctors to get a line cz i can't do my exam  x
ahhhhhhhhhhhhh, exam tomorro, time for failing  currently listening to swaysway babbbbbby: short stack &lt;3
Going to school for my french exam... tired, hungry and cold... bad times 
@LariiTran :S:S fudgdickles. i have my commerce exam tomorrow.  craaaaaap.
fuck, i have a math exam tomorrow, i can't study math alone someone came and challenge me?  i shall fail.
@bobbyllew I have a three hour exam on shakespeare tomorrow  who doesn't hate this time of the year, if you don't have exams your kids do!
@LittleFletcher good luck! i feel your pain!! maths is really NOT my strong point...i have my exam today too 
just back from the doctor, i've got viral laryngitis  no exam for me! the chief examiner will come back to see me in june! eek!
@picklesticks6 same,  but at lease we turned up to the maths lessons unlike someone we know whos takeing their exam today =(
damn maths exam at 1:25 today  only just woken up lol, better get revising
hope i can do my exams a week early or i cant go to sydney 
@Rosellyanna I have a maths test at 1.30 and it lasts an hour and 45 minutes I'm gna stay until 3.40 when my school bus comes 
impending doom about exam tomorrow is making me  amongst other things
@kyle270 Orite, same in maths  i'm going to fail.xlove you x
@stephanie_hall awh, have you got an exam? 
Heading down the doomsville land tomorrow after I tell about my chinese and math results, no more freedom, funeral not prepared 
Studying like crazy for exams this friday 
going to do my maths exam  failure will be the outcome and then i can say sayonara to college gah!
1st exam this wednesday 
URGH, off to my exam  i'm gonna fail, i'm shit at maths 
wow earthquake in ca? hope everyone is okay!!! spanish exam today 
starting to hate Spanish, freaking out about the exam tomorrow 
critical thinking exam... im going in... pray for me 
madd wake/..had the worst toothache lastnight  have to study for my psych exam
is freaking out over her pe exam  !! so much info someone cheer us up? xx
Doing English Lit revision. Why oh why does the exam have to be tomorrow, on my birthday of all days? 
i still havent done my homework or studyed for math.  im not a fan of my monday class's.
lalalalla french is over! off to a chem exam  then ap worlddd then lunch then algebra then staying for art, fun stuff!
tomorrow is the hell. bio and math. math is okay. dang BIOLOGY! 
@miamiamiaa why thank youu!! I am so jealous that you don't have an exam tomorrow  !! xx
A day before the exam and I still can't bring myself to revise the crappy subject 
i love this . exams are over wooooo.. well for a week atleast 
ughh, huge essay, 62% of grade due tomorrow  . haven't even started.....
im about to go to school to take that science test even though i don't know anything about science so wish me luck!!!! 
listening to music. got my english exam on wednesday...not looking forward to it 
at the mall with friends. exams tomorrow 
arrgh.... I'm sore, congested &amp;over it!!! &amp;2top it off, I have an exam tomorrow... can someone please stop the world, I want 2 get off... 
bed. getting up early to study math tomorrow.  but bridget's home!
In exam room reading chritian mortality....bit explicit here ;) haaaahaaaa wonder if well all fail german today?! Lol miss 10Q!! 
fucking statistics exam again, fuck! 
Off to do an Irish exams, wish me luck, I'm gonna need it 
lieing in bed soooo tired gt an exam soon 
Spanish exam was ok, thought I did alright but looking back at the paper just now there are a few silly mistakes!  oh well
GCSEs = Blegh! but on the plus side I'm off until next thursday... 2nd triple award biology test 
having a good weekend so faar  too bad ive gotta start revising for my exams  :\
@rach210 2, if you must do the lemondetox diet i sugest you dont do it in exam week just cuz you wont be used to it and you will get sick 
@TaylorBlahh lol i'm bored too  But today should be good lol apart from the mock exam and i liked your 90210 thing lol
@catherinestack Agreeeee  im so going to fail these exams.
ughhh. civilization trial. reading day. senior vespers. exams. hasnt booked a flight.... 
law exams soon. so gonna fail both. 
next monday = exam week 
Only 2 more exams to go! maths went well until 1 minute to the end when i realised there was anova question on the back so lost 12 marks 
maths exam couldnt have gone worse 
Agh. Exams suck. 
someone give me the answers to math. jk jk HAHA i wish. i don't wana do math hmwk. i also hav to study for grammar final tomorrow 
still up   another sleepless night working my ass off!more exams and papers to hand in. this hangover from studying is gonna be massive.
@radiocontroldan yet they conflict with each other :o  and i got a fecking exam tommorrow an all 
okay. im going to study now. good night twitter, id prefer to not fail my exam tommorow morning 
@phmancus yeah but I didnt get exempt from that exam 
pray for me cuz i have my nursing exam in the morning and i didnt study.. long story.. the test is 5 hours long.. dont think ima make it 
got 34/40 for exam 1... percentage doesnt look good. 
@theboycharlie ooooo sooooo wanna swap my day is well boring revising for looming uni exams 
@jasonrockz352 aw man im sorry! I have logical reasoning I promise! I had to study in order to tutor my new student! 4give me 
..exams.  haha just remembrd the china buffet king yesterday. vair amusing ....
mymaths time....if only i cud read the mind of a nerd durin the exam 
is sooo close to finishing her exams  role on monday and i will have my life back.
honestly cant wait for wednesdays chemistry exam to be over - getting to me real bad 
absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have shit loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday 
Off to take a math quiz...on a friday....booo 
aha exams starts tomorrow i know i've been a tweet freak but won't be able to do anything till the end of it  see u all by then
@beckyhope ahh yeah i get what you mean i have an Alevel retake exam the day after the gig  so yah im pretty stressed!!!
@xxxqueenteexxx sigh..... exams aint no wer neaaarr finished!! i have 3 next week...  bin stressd... and i aint guna b bak till end june!
ewww exams next week . i dont think i can do it  ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hahahahah i woke up at 9 today.. totally missed lecture and the quiz  open lab was useless. chipotle w/ silvera and jenny was greeat 8D
@jambomb oh that looks boring  and even more boring you have an exam on a saturday 
has finished exams.... has (almost) moved out of halls and is leaving london tomorrow 
exam on active directory tomorrow. 
@angelicaaa workies with dad?  aw that sucks working on saturday morning. I'm about to study, when are your exams?
@gimboland sorry change of plans for me   :'( revision for monday exam in a park with one of my friends
I aced my exams!!! I also just wrapped my audition for ionia idol. Now i just wait for the results. mann I'm an impatient person. 
i'm tired and sooooooooo not foward to finishing my barely worked on research paper tommorow. 
sure this is meant to be an exam study break, but won't someone do something social with me?  two weeks off, ffs!!
@hasiantideamita yeah, like 3 more exams left and we are done for grade 9 
@dannyatticus what you up to today? I have an exam laterrr boooo 
*screams* math exam on sunday 
not wanting to go write a math pre-public....especially since it  made me get up @ 7 on a saturday 
working whit my english exam. the weather is so nice, and I want to drive my boat. but I have to sitt here and do examen work 
@herojaejoong oppa, where r u now??? why dont u online ??? it's too busy right? 2 days to my exam n' i really miss you 
@itsdoro what??? @ohwhatevs car got smashed?? and the quiz wasn't hard for you?  damn gotta study harder. omg didn't pb have a perfect
disappointed with viva marks 
Getting ready for saturday review classes 
will be engaged with textbooks, pc, and dictionaries this week  finals oh finalss
will be engaged with textbooks, pc, and dictionaries this week  finals oh finalss
Oh crap. 11.40pm and I haven't started exam-revision. This will not do!!! 
im already sick of exams and they haven't even begun! I wanna sleep through the next 3 weeks 
@Dribbby yes..I think I'm too stressed out about the final exams, I'm feeling kinda pressured, used to hv this prob 
is NOT NOT NOT going to fail her exam today....haha yeh right 
@s13pdg No plans  Not having a night out before I'm done with my final exam on tuesday.. making me crazy just thinking about it.
i dont like the homework and on monday i have exams  wawa : \
i cant tweet anymore until exams finish! explain tomorrow 
gotta do math and chemistry exams today 
enoying the weekend,  because on thursday I have a exam 
@rachmurrayX i thought i might have an exam round that time and my mum and dad wouldn't let me go cos ov me attendence :@ 
I'm off to study for my advanced functions math exam -.- ! and yup. next week is booked @KhayeeMariie  o well. im broke anyways xD
today was very hot  piano exam on monday. 
I'm in the shits for exams next week. I need to learn my german oral so bad... need to revise for chemistry so bad... 
My exam got p0stponed, nw i just have 3 pr0jects 2do in 1day... Why me??? 
@EnidanEkieh i keep forgetting sunday is a day off for others lol. i have school tomorrow, i'm so tired, but i have to study for an exam 
fuck... way to stress already... have wrong book &amp; wont be there the day of the final exam... or i'll be missing a red sox game.  
dammit, back to school on monday  still have 3 weeks until i get my exam results, argh.
 im selfish? D: i didnt think i was that bad.  ~exam week :[
Watchinq random videos on youtube. miss my cell  yay 2 new aero shirts and new jeans . woop woop . qota study &quot;/ for exams !
pshh exams this week ! yay  finished english, great now to gen. maths 
@goursote studying! got a history exam on tuesday. 
@TheColorJenny right now i do, my exam is tomorrow and i keep thinking of stuff i still have to pack upstairs  u?
meh just woken up. Not that tired actualy. exams tomorrow  hopefully i won't fuck them up this time. I realy want maths and science right.
is gonna go shower and then sleep. i only studied for 2 hours of math at tutor this morning.... *sigh* such a bad student  NIGHTS
@30SECONDSTOMARS had my entering exams and u guys brought so many news!close to studying translating&amp;interpreting woop!no results yet tho 
AARRR bio mec exam 2mo and even wiv lots of revision I still dont feel ready and its suce a nice day I dont want 2 revise inside again 
i sucked in 2dayz math exam dam it was soooo hard but hopefully i will pass thatz all wt i need  well gd luck 4 me
next week i have my english exam, but i cant force myself to prepare for it .... 
exams 4moz  bin studin soooo hard...lol...
@andreafosho i dont even think i have time to go to old navy  its too far eh. and i have exams next week and im leaving RIGHT AFTER exams
so much coursework to do for tomorow 
@katyperry yay i'm from the netherlands. too bad i can't see you, i have final exams so i can't go to the pinkpop festival. 
i love chicken. and i am screwed for my lit sac and chem exam 
I have to study criminal law, because my exam will be on wednesday, and this week I learned nothing yet. 
Please save some sun for when I'm done with exams 
might have to do some revising later for these stupid biology exams that i have to do tomorrow. grrrrr. im so going to fail! 
last day of revision today, exams 2moro, hist + english     but its sunnyyy!
Revising mathematics for the examination tomorrow!!!!  arghhhhhhhh
i hate school  hav u had ur exams yet?
@karinb_za work  then home study for exams tomorrow
@MikeyDack ahhhh 3 hours of maths  yh tis at sprowston
Another exam again on tuesday 
this week: maths, english lang, french, french, english lang, chemistry.....NO OPTIONS . fun 
omg exam tomorrow 
@andygriffwozere i have a maths exam tomorrow  i'm staying inside anyway it's too warm!!
damn i got a maths exam tomorrow and i can c my mates having a water fight outside 
loves the sun but doesn't want to sit this exam tomorrow 
have examz tomorow screw it nuh still gotta study 
Eh! Exams tomorrow! 
maths work  dreading tommorow
IT work  .... drag low brow boringness zzz school tomorow .. even worse !agghh 
Oh, crap. Exam on Weds for Chem, gonna sooo fail 
has just finished studying accounting for tomorrow's exam, a bit worried about it. super scared! 
@gabysslave my boys got his maths exam tomorrow as well but he's really struggling to get into the revision zone! 
maths exam 2morrow  an the i got an english exam tuesday and thursday :'-(
has his next exam tommorrow!   1 hour 45mins of maths! its okay tho i can use a calcualtor this time  x
@moodyje2 ty! the exam is tomorrow. 
maths has gone alrighty.... depends which questions come in the exam tomorrow    i need atleast 60%!
hahaha math exam was shit 
this is 3days after my last exam is over, and you know what? i'm stuck, don't know what to do 
: uhhh, exams start tuesday.  , this year went by FASSSST!
Is having pizza for tea tonight  then revising maths for exam tommorrow
2nd maths gcse exam tomorrow  im sh*tting myself cause the last 1 was hard, but hopefully this 1 will be easier cause i have a calculator
@gimboland eep! I forgot lmao. I wouldn't be able to anyway, got an exam tomorrow  also, don't you kinda need a dance partner? /is loner
in exams most the day tuesday, no exams wednesday, but i have thursday and friday!  cant wait for next weekend already
chapter 17 but not going to read gotta study for my geographie test tomorrow! lost my notes smeone help... 
ok so i have this very very important maths exam on tuesday... but i dont want to study  I WANT HOLIDAYS JEEEETZT ;)!
The freckles have come out  but the tan is slowly coming  dreading the exam on tuesday :@
so i've done 5 hours of bio revision so far, and still feel like i'm not ready at all for the exams tomorrow!! 
Not sure about what vacation actually...  but i wanna be prepared. D: ~exam week :[
im back! lol i cant believe i im oficially done 2nd year! ending it with sickness thanx to the stress of my last exam 
math and history exams tomorrow 
OH: oh man i gotta study  i don't know why they love doing exams in my school. it's like i finish them but .. http://tinyurl.com/l8x7fy
I want six flags.  king da ka. ~exam week :[
really can't get my head round to studying!  last exam tomorrow tho! 
XShefSx this whole week is killin my mood i have 5 exams too lol  and yeah big hugs wen we get in 2moro ;) lmao x
is dead tired and has a maths exam in the morning grr 
knee still hurts. dont want to got to school tomorrow. that means i have only 4 days till my chemistry exam 
Going to play guitar... then bed... got exams tomorrow... bedding down early... 
have math exam tomorrow. boo hoo. i am NOT looking forward to it  goodnight twitterville. x
doesnt wanna write her exam tomorrow  aaahhh here it goes!
maths tomorrow seriously gunna fail, havent done much revision 
maths exam tomorrow. ahhh, hope this week goes quick!! i have 7 exams!! 
At skl exam 2moro this sucks 
maths exam tommorow 
isn't looking forward to her media exam tomorrow!!! 
all ready to fail the maths exm tomorrow (N) revision sucks doesn't help at all. 
doesn't wanna do this exam tomorrow  mehhhhhhh.
@ramsin_taffles i just keep popping on and off throughout the day. ooh im looking forward to your posts! i have a maths exam 2moro  :S
@leannehartland (thumbs up) maths friday  really havent revised enough
maths gcse exam tomorrow  but new moon trailer will mp be on youtube when i get home soo yay!!
first exam tomorow morning 
I have to study language and comunication for tomorrow's exam 
I don't wanna study for my oral exam tomorrow, but I have too.  I get to identify rocks....
this next week is gonna suck for exams  but at least they'll be over soon (:
have an exam 2morrow.... im resitting the same exam for the 4th time! ouch! i need a miracle 
@claireyjonesy ohhh if it was earlier i would go, but i have an exam on tuesday  bad times
@bekasaur thanks (: aw, you too  i hate maths!! I completely failed my exam &quot;/ I'm just bloody nervous for the welsh one, xx
Is shitting herself about her exam tomorrow boo! And my little fishies are sick 
going to bed to watch prison break...long day of revision 2moro  good luck to @ChayD for your exam!
@claireyjonesy yesss  stupid exams! thank god they'll be over on tuesday afternoooon ;D
Night night world! I have a maths exam tomorrow ! 
play all week, wedding now history culminating, drama journals, math... hills finale mtv awards.. and i need sleep. screw schoool 
Tirrreeeddd , should probably go to bed now considering I have my biology exam tomorrow  ahh well such is life...night tweets x
Is pooping her pants as she has got a maths exam tomorrow...another U!! 
watchin click on iplayer and gettin ready for exams 
@amyyyox what time they on at? i can;t  i have an exam tomorrow 
R.E exam tomorrow, i could cry cause im so nervous  night xx
@amyyyox aw never gonna happen!  exam's at half 10  boooooo
@KirstyRM hahaha i love it i just watched hsm, sadly i have an exam in the mornin and that's not true for me!! 
Provincal exam tomorrow.  moans and groans
i feel like my appendix has burst, please say it hasnt coz then i wont be able to take my exams and have to spend another year in college 
@molang7 how was ingrid? if cardinal fitness didn't rule my saturdays i would have loved to be there 
tv then bed cause ewww school tomorrow  but on the plus side only 7 days left including exams.
I need help!!! I don't understand anything of maths and tomorrow I have a test!!   I'm going to die hahaha
tireed.. hope i'd get at least normal score for this fuckin exam 
i'm annoyed cuz my mum woke me up when i have an exam today. i wanted a lie in! now i'm tired and i won't be able to concentrate 
omgosh.finals tomorrow and tuesday im so nervous if i fail it i fail my final grade on report card.and have to take class again next year 
@libby_phlis awww  i ran out too, i think its all this revision. I'm ok, been quite poorly tho, exams today+tomorrow then done til 10th
Far too warm, in a hurry and forgot my suncream  I am so nervous for this exam!!!!!
bad night.  i kept waking up. maths exam now. crap. i think i'll be ok though. x
Morning all. 2 hours till my exam  thank you for your lovely messages. ill try my damn well hardest!! xxx
is off to go and sit the worst exam of my life, so going to fail  i hate media. good luck to anyone whos doing exams today xx
ugama exams tmrr. shiz 
i dont want to do this exam  im in so much pain! 
hv a history exam on a public holiday 
@TVXQUKnow ahh~ tomorrow is my important exam ~ can u support me ?! plz plz :-s im so worry 
im gonna fail all my exams and then im never going to see @tinchystryder perform.. 
has to study my ass off for freakin exams. 
have a feeling about me failing tomorrow  happy about it not being an exam
revision time, cant believe that i have to do an exam today, when its so sunny 
loads of coursework to be done  watching judge judy :-P
Finished my exam and watching some tv to relax a little, but then its back to the books... 
Maths exam out of the way (Y) but geography tommoro  Thats another two hours in a stuffy exam hall  Todayyy was :O so HOTTT, dreadful!!
@_emmajane_ yeah marks exam  at least its sunny and I have my itouch!
day off, exam on friday 
8 down...0 to go! yesss!!! im officially done with my exams and highschool! i feel happyyy...and sad at the same time...i dont know why?! 
@saaaaaarah15 yeah might, but i kinda hope it changes haha too hot for an exam 
@herojaejoong I'm so worry about the exam tomorrow  plz plz waiting 4 you so long to say that 
maths exams all done D  missing elisa 
Just had an hour of mrs bottwood and a maths exam before that, have to be at school for the rest of the day 
had maths exam this morning booo  most of the things i revised hard for wasnt even on there!!!
0ff for the second exam of the day 
Transferring music right now...REALLY gotta revise for this exam tomorrow morning though 
oooohno, tomorrow biology exam, the last one, but im soooooo nervous for it  i hate biology!!
Lol, still have two exams...dont know why I keep writing one. I got hit in the face with a ball at oztag 
@chrisssyk mm not really  been feeling really crappy since last week. dw not swine though! haha, how your exams going love?
aaohh english exam tomorow 
omg tomorrow final examinations  ..hope I'll do it well... x)
ughh math finals today ..... oh well ill pass anyways, keyboarding and science, 2morrow, history and spanish weds. and english thursday 
at school  awwwww ohwell i shall survive this dreaded litt test
@shestoochic omg I know I can't wait!! But I don't think I'm going to pass my exams  I have too much to revise  good luck w/ urs! X
Doing a pointless english exam dude is so hot 
@ahflor hey babe, send my regards 2 rest tmr night k?! i wish i can be @ the shanghainese atas dinner as well.  stupid exams. yrs over?
@lilchrishardman ouchh  well my cough got worse after saturday  and 2day i had a maths exam BORING but hey random comment back from me
tomorrow: exam pt.2! pray for me 
i love &quot;study&quot; leave, keep forgetting i am an exam tomorrow 
Revising for English and geography exam 2moz  in the sun!!! 
okay so I'm signed up for summer classes &amp; now I have to pay  oh well that's the price for education
didn't enjoy todays exam  so I'm making myself feel better by eating things that I shouldn't (that will inevitably make me feel much w ...
feeling really rough at the moment   I have two exams tomorrow and can't revise cause I keep falling asleep.
@samjmoody sam save me got an exam  xx
is freezing her butt off. gosh the weather isnt good at all!!!! just wrote english exam, 2 more to go. I wanna go home already *sigh* 
Just finished my exam god i didnt have a clue what i was doing 
just woken up... gruelling maths exam is over, now its time to prepare for eng. tommorow  joy! anyone got something to cheer me up? wahhh
@georgesampson just wanted to say hope ur exams r goin ok so far - iv got a scinece exam some time this week   kat
Stressing about exams again ...need at least a b in english to do english and media next year ..n I have my 2nd english paper 2moz 
@timmpcouk of course im revising ive got bloody 5 exams in 4 days!!!! i would go outside but its no fun on my own 
oh i forgot to say... my exam is a fail... 
science exam 3 days away  revision sucks
@kateyy__ oh noo  what exams? how were they? mine was alright haha, stayed off college and just sat watching tv haha xxx
@PatsyTravers yer what bastards the exam schedulers are! 
@DebbieFletcher tomorow i have big test in math &lt;like 20 pages&gt; can you plz wish me good luck befor im gone? 
More homework got loads of exams this week 
ugh physics demo write up then once i finish that i have to start on my online quizzes and the review packet. argh finals 
is pulling an all nighter cause i has to revise for my mock maths exam tomorrow  havent even covered hal the work... 6 hours till school.
I hope that reallllyyyyy hott guy in in my english exam tomorrow...he distracted me from my maths paper coz he was so hott 
5th year timetable is balls double english then double maths tomorrow.. not looking forward to it! 
wow I can't even do a maths pass paper, god help me when the mock exams come 
ahh, on friday I have my math final:S 
had a maths exam 2day. was ok 4 a change  shame that I have english on tuesday and thursday  got 2 go revise now.
gonna watchTV, later go to bed and tomorrow school ...  I have maths &amp; english exam... pray for me!!
was playing american football earlyer...badly hurt my little finger  better be able to write for exam tomorrow!!! x
i think im gonna study for my marine biology exam  hahah
cant wait for these exams to be over! honestly they are taking over my life 
im downstairs revising for my geography exam tomos. argh, not good  i have 7 case studies to learn&amp; 4 topics. .. http://bit.ly/7YWMZ
@yobbbo yer it is really nice, except when your in an exam looking at the sun outside   how are you likeing it?
Stressingout the leaving cert exams on wednesday 
@marielenh so, so true. history 9am tomorrow  what exams are you doing if I may ask?
wow its really quiet on here toonight.. off college again tommorow : ..then and exam on wed  day off on thurs and exam on friday 
It's been a good day  .. flights are booked,1 exam left, im alive.. just can't ask about my 18th yet   wanna know all the details. Now!
So going to bed got history exam tomorrow  can't believe that's my bday over for another year lol
I am sooooo increddible afraid of this exam on wednesday... 
at home still working on history then studying spanish and working on english paper//exams tomorrow 
i went to my room 2 hours ago to study for my econ exam tomorrow. but all i ended up doing was watching an epi of oprah and taking a nap. 
@rsiglos @rayychilll haha yeah i'm going today! but it sucks cus i wont be ready for my exams  it'll be sooo much hotter when you go!!
exams are gonna suck tomorrow.  i thought school was over 
Eugh, exams start today  don't forget breakfast kiddies!
@tezi_soch @officialnjonas u want me to tweet but i have to study maths miss julia will hate us EVEN MORE 
is meant to be revising for my exam tomorrow, but its 1 o clock, and im so tireddddd  helpppp.
big french exam tomorow  3 hrs :S
Exams start on wednesday..wish I'd done more study 6 months ago instead of dossing!  x
one of the last in my grade on the registration list for next years's classes...i hate my life, urgh im getting stuck with study of food 
ughh...exams start next week...... 
sudying for maths exam on thursday so hard 
second last day of uni then 6 weeks holidays! except two exams 
I don't want to do my english exam    i really do not like english and im gonna fail anyway.... grrs, stupid exam 
grrrr full day of exams 
i feel so sick  studying for exams and want to go throw up.. shit day
@Navinesh I know - that's why I twittered my leave details. But have exams so no fun ;) 
just about to leave for school, english poetry exam today 
crap maths test tomorrow!!  not good.
English exam today heh cba with it 
two exams today. Sounds fun  I won't be able to concentrate
hmm italian exam at the end of today,  only 1 session with krystal:'(
exams are lame (nnnn) psych tomorrow 
mehn... imagine a graduate writin a test!so not kosher... 
@kiranerdcore i have no clue about math, it's not even funny   i think im gonna fail, how did you do on the exam today?
is at 6thform with @petermikeman preparing for a mahoosive 3 hour exam  im losing the will to live!!
ewww english exam tomorrow 
is annoyed that this is meant to be the last nice day and iv got to sit through a 2 1/2 hr r.e exam 
@xxxkairixxx Doing great with the exams. I'm just taking some rest by twittering before studying again 
@One_call its soooooooo early. I have exams  but a photoshoot...this early? *jocelyn&lt;3*
a liitle stressed by my exams  dunno what questions i can expect  but trying to keep a positive attitude...
I am working on my english exam that i have tomorrow 
can't decide on what essay to do for art exam tomorrow 
@CintyMiginty lit exam went alrite thanks cint, first two essays were good, the last one was pretty bad tho   when is you drama exam?
@allysheehan lol i love BLACKEY  english exam that sucks.. im good thanks really tired for some  reason though you?
@spike1989 noooo  when do your exams finish?
last exam for the semester, yay! But something weird is happening; don't feel like drinking  hope it ain't swine flu...
okayy well i'm almost 99% done with unit 2 chem revision. but that doesn't really mean anything!  still can't actually do well on exams!
doing my cheat sheet for physics tomorrow!! exams suck 
Sitting in the common room revising for the last exam, urgh this one is taking it out on me  but at least im looking forward to tonight 
got to get everthing ready for my art exam tommorow and do some film studies revision 
Proof by induction was on the exam  but it went ok..i hope
@bananaexhibit yeah in like 15mins lol. gahhh dreadin this exam 
is really freaking out about tomorrow. physics and history on the same day :S two exams is hard let alone the 2 hardest subjects I do. 
Studying for a sci test  . I injured my neck yest doing god know what. And ya good morning...as if.
great, got a virus just wot i need in the middle of my exams  xxx
i really wanna go out today.....but i wont....i have to study....i hate may and june!! this time its when we have exam!! 
@enzeehashhash well, i dunno what i prefer. haha anyway, habis exam? coz mine habis on 15th. 
i wanna sleep, tomorrow i will have a biology test! oh god, lucky me. . i'm not sure if i can do that, hhuhu 
@NiGhT_RaVeN13 aww i bet you wont do too bad  my exams start on monday and ive hardly even revised, bad bad times 
omd jus dne me english exam i fink i flopped it omd ! aint gna find out till august wen da results cum in 
history &amp; french exams tomorrow 
is mega tired about this morning, and i buggered up my english exam big time  on way home now and gunna sunbathhheeee!
loved band practice, ts awesome. But hates homework, and exam study. All stressinnngg.  Just want's to jam on the guitar .
I live in the netherlands and you were here last time for a concert but I couldn't be there because I had my exams 
I really don't want to do the home ec exam tomorrow  i am the opposite of ready and have left out an awful lot of chapters :'(
@amyjessicab saturday? i have my exams soon so it depends when i have room between revising YAY! 
just did 3 hours dancing, practising for exam. im tired 
gotta study..multiple choice spanish final tomorow, then bros award ceremoney @ 7.  idwant to study, but i'll just review vocab and verbs 
legal and philosophy exam ohhh so not fair 
E3 press conferences we're pretty good lots of awesome games coming out. in other news im mega nervous for my chemistry exam tomorrow 
@CounterfeitGent Haha, I couldn't possibly dude. If I go I'm paying you full price for sure. Resigned to failure in my exam tomorrow 
is praying tomorrows history exam goes well  good night peeps xx
ahh french and romeo and juliet over!!!1 next..... exams  next week
tomorrow i have the math quiz 
oh crap i got to study for my math final tomorrow 
@tommcfly tom i've got a chemistry exam tomorrow. it's nearly 3 am here and i'm still revising... wish me luck please!  x
@tommcfly tom i've got a chemistry exam tomorrow. it's nearly 3 am here and i'm still revising... wish me luck please!  x
Frikin nervous for science exam tomorrow, it has 175 QUESTIONS!!!!!!!!!! 
im bored i have finale exams tomorrow 
I actually like my schedule for next year except for the random free 3rd. and that I have no classes with @ashlley @wonthanh or janice! 
can`t focus  first exam of the sem &amp; i`m chilling like no tomorrow!
whoa. I am so sick! I cant even get up to finish my homework! i cant miss my math test and i have to turn in my science project tomorrow! 
says math exam tomorrow  , but out of school @ 10:15  http://plurk.com/p/y0vk6
i wish my exam ends today  
@karishhhh yeah i passed all my classes actually lol. gotta take that math summer course though  how about u? tell me you're coming back!!
hmmm i think ill be failing these uni exams... 
@lukag haha, great feeling hey..i even sprayed some nice scent throughout my room..hmm! have 2 tests and an essay tomorrow 
cleaned my room. getting ready to start preparations for leaving the state. maybe going to miami friday. exams tomorrow.   gnite twats.
chem exam. having a bad day. blah. newcastle shopping after exam. I need to buy new sunglasses because i lost mine 
i have a 2hours history exam tomorrow - i so don't feel ready 
1hr 33 mins til my exams start  usa 1910-29 first, then germany 1919-45. all the fun of this. revision is not working :'(
holy shit i never knew we had homework for the week off. theres like 3 assignments, like4 orals and i have a maths exam next wednesday. 
Too tired, cba with history exam  fail, didn't even revise wish I had  ffs! xo
I gunna leave ina min, exam  wish me luck !!!
im really really nervous for tomorrow's exam..! 
And again... wish me luck! I'll die in a hour... I am so scared  I totally hate exams.
gotta study for maths exam this friday. 
i have an exam today  argh here we go
Feeling sick... got exams tomorrow  probly gunna fail. Ah well. the best i can do is do my best
writing out quotes for exam tomorrow 
sooooo tired..... soooo bored...... gota english exam 2moz again....oh my days!!   not a happy bunny today!!! 
Going to relax today untill training tonight - have some revision to be getting on with, for my exam on monday 
exam in economics tomorrow,, worried abt all the stuff i don know 
Three exams today  but its okay because afterwards..its summer!
ew latin and math exams today 
Going to school now for french exams  (N) byee xo
back from school, german exam was okay ... have a job interview at 4 pm. No training today 
i dont think drawing an angry winged bear is aiding my learning must revise exam tomorrow bad times 
Also, French exam tomorrow, double fuck 
@vanessa142 i don't have any on friday either! first exam is tomorrow and i can't revise. but no live feed this year 
revising for my science exam 2moro!!! argh 
yeah, tomorrow's examination=physics, cool  , have to study but now im sick, dammit
Only two exams left now...back to college full time monday though 
has got an exam on friday grr  need to revise but cant be bothered!!
wow that was a looooong exam, i wrote 17 pages in 3 hours and got hand cramp  went ok though
Just come out of my french listening exam. Wow some bits easy others reeeeeeeaally hard 
exam not too bad today just have to revise the hell out of physics for friday aka: my birthday 
just finished biology. easyy. pfd then spanish.   spanish for 3 hours tomorrow.  english for 2.  ::angellland::
2 exams on friday too, which im gonna fail..miserably 
my bday today...most i can hope for is to have a great day...and avoid getting drunk...really not looking forward to law exam results... 
@EstelleDarlings oh I can't come got an exam tmrw mornin 
off to bed, have to get up and study tomorrow for my exam on friday 
2 down, 1 to go, but I know nothing for tomorrow's exam 
on ma way home from school finals was cake now i gotta prepare for math nd bio 
@jeremyangel just seen pic-adorable! bet u can't wait! got 2exams to go..first 1 2moz and then 1 next fri! whoop!! still no job tho  lol!
2nd exam done, think i did much better this time! Now i have to write an essay 
only one more exam left, damn i want it to be over 
French exam was a load of bollocks, damnit 
getting ready to do my yr 8 exam . omg i so scared i haven't even started to revise and i got 2 weeks left and too much homework!!!!! :] 
hayfever...  fucking big brother means no scrubs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH. atleast my exams are over
Trying to study for upcoming exam in social science on monday.. however, I'm not in the mood 
Hey Guys havnt been on here in ages! wow! lol exams this week! they arent going well!  o well lets hope i do well! 
cant belive that she has exams soon   
@drwhogurl you posted on my progress in twilight, but i'll have to take a break after the first volume, i have exams 
Not much 2 look forward to this wknd, marking 2 lots of test papers, tomorrow have 2 b at work all day 4 online students on campus test 
is having loads of fun studying for bio,chem,maths,and history's finals on sunday and monday....NOT!! ugh, i just wanna get it over with! 
that wa the worst exam... i could only really able 2 do 1 question propally 
@MaAnMujunkie yeah more with remembering vocab  for my exam we have to translate eng-ger and usually i guess at words and fail epically 
@EPVictoria yo! exam results are out! how'd you do??? skype sesh soon my dear! i haven't bought anything recently  but now i should!!!
all i am going to do now is revise revise cause i need to do well on this other science gcse exam  glad the weather is going to be bad...
is not going to gran canaria  tomorow due to a repeat of an exam bad times  lol
just got 2 out of 3 exam results. no distinctions.   (but alhamdulillah pass! hehe)
@EmiliaTsontilis I feel your pain with the war literature and byron  exams monday and weds?? I'm so going to fail!!
@iamaline your weekend seems so fun *pouts* I still have to do things with babe's exam! 
@fuschia_nicolee lol just hope your prfessor gives u a practice exam and youll be good..i gotta test in organic on monday 
okay seriously need to get outta that... commencing exam slavery tomorrow   18 on monday!!
Just woke up, I wonder where I'm going today, uh gotta do a few homeworks  screw that math teacher :@
Going to bed... Sats in the mornin  ugghh!!!!
my theacer caught me when i was cheated on my exam today!! i cant believe i did a bad thing like that, im so regret it..  im so sorry
It's the long weekend and I'm at home study for stupid uni exams  dam you uni
studying for exams all weekend. devs 
anyways, i'll get my last exam on the next monday. so, please, do pray for me, fellas. 
@suvanaa well, i dont want you staying mad at me  I'm not gonna see you for ages anyway, I have exams for 2 weeks
studying economics for the exam on monday 
1 exam left go me its science tho 
has got a fucking science exam on tuesday how depressing  oh well lol Seanny i love you so much i cant describe it!joke!your just sluttyxx
Anyways just home had to do english exam 15 pages(Y) had to talk to the paper and get a pic taken with no make up no extentions  xD
 I'm so bored, and I have exams next week &gt; and I feel ill  lol everyone feel sympathetic for me ;-)
@samjmoody ok thanks anyway lol so hows you im so stress exams at the mo not fair  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@StephenMulhern yeahh omg yes lol  i would wanna see the live tour but i got exams atm 
happy birthday to me! 19, ew. 4 exams down 6 more to go  what a nice english paper though!
ok i must really start to revise now, got my first exam monday  so haven't done enough revision...opps!
 maths mechanics is gona destroy my future
@LeeGoesMwah nups. i'm still in lj, revising for my exams, had to cancel the hairdresser. bad times 
so lazy ... i ust make homeworks ... 
sooo hot &amp; burnt! big exam tomoro  followed by the sats :-D! x http://twurl.nl/zyrqml
@jayelleenelial nope i didnt sadly  i'm also having my damn exams urgh :s and it has been already 3 weeks! one more week till freedom!
Starbucks with alex. Just took SATs 
@iloveWTCC4life haha yeh wel i have to go back in all next week to finish my state exams! 
hates doing math hw 
i havnt revised like all day&amp;have a 3 hour english lit exam on mnday. wish me luck 
Catching up on all the twitter action i missed while asleep. And for the rest of the day? ergh, exam revision 
so tired,, have to finish damn drama,, and then complete my entire maths assignment so i can hand it in tuesday and pass this semester! 
// study session tonight at starbucks 
@aussie_matelc my parents won't let me use it  its not like i have exams anymore... :S
eww studying! exams coming up this week 
@MiriamCheah my exams are just starting...but i only have 1.  i have to hand in two 2,000 word essays in on tuesday though.... 
Twitterbreak everyone.. The real exam starts tomorrow. Laptops&amp;ipods are locked securely in a safe. So, I wont be seeing ur updates tay 
about to go to bed...study for exams tomorrow ugh  night everyone!
need to learn globalization, exam is tomorrow  
@JackAllTimeLow - ughh. i totally wanted to come watch you guys, your my favourite! but stupid exams had to come and ruin my plans! 
has got a day of busy revisin for 2mros history exam, oh gawsh 
I'm bored. some class tests tomorrow ...don't wanna learn  i hate it ....but i have 2  
psychology exam tomorrow, haven't revised at all. like literally  this sucks im going to fail 
FAIL Tweets: psychology exam tomorrow, haven't revised at all. like literally  this sucks im going.. http://tinyurl.com/qyaucd
@VictoriaMonro yeah lol. though i have history exam tomorrow 
2 more online (work) exams taken - phew ! - only 3 more left to go.... (the worst 3 !) 
Meh. Exam tomorrow  What is everyone else got planned for then?
I'm so sleepy and I have a pounding headache, don't want to get up  zomg first exam tomorrow eeek D:
drag me to hell... yes! thts wat exams are doing to me... 
drag me to hell... yes! thts wat exams are doing to me...  omg http://is.gd/RtII
@harrietcb the exams were ok-ish. not particularly brilliant. i can't believe he died!  that's sad...
Why am I hungover...I wasn't even that drunk...uggggghhh and I have an exam tomorrow 
is studying for biology exam.....sooo much work,sooo little time!!!!! 
upset my parents might be going to see oasis again tonight. even if they offered for me to go i couldn't because of my exam tomorrow 
not very happy to say the least! nursing the biggest hangover EVER and revising for tomorrows exams 
@nicgrbac finishing! luckkytt i'm doing civil eng n commerce and not even halfway yet  have exams now so trying to get through them alive!
currently revising physics - just the thought of sitting the exam on wednesday makes me wanna be sick 
@zozette and I wasn't at the livechat  I had to sleep early coz I had an exam that day 
elsh exam tomorro  there is no hope of me doing ell in this exam unless the paper is really really really easy
mmm dancing exams todayy  i know where i wood much rather beeee !!! x
I am getting ready for the math examination on wednesday  I already wrote abt 21 pages and I am not even half way  arrgh *sniff sniff
@lemongeneration me neither  one week and final exams begin :'( nooo
@shooting__star  lol me too! every 2 secs im doing something else haha. i kinda have to revise though  got 3 exams on tuesday!
geographyy revisionnnn  2 hour exam tuesday, not looking foreward to it :|
@fabfoodie thank you! i will let you know how it goes, however i had a nightmare about my english exam  i just hope its not a premonition!
don't wanna go to school after this weekend.. it was horrible...  tomorrow test  aaah i hate maths..
I am soooo looking forward to the quiz and the facials at college tomorrow. 
paramore and youmeatsix are the only reasons I am currently surviving revision for the worst exams of my life tomorrow   
@AlexEvs astro plans are fading yet again. smurf &amp; steve are revising for history exams. poor 
Its 4 O'clock &amp; I've done about 3 pages of revison all day ... not a great strategy for passing an exam! 
dont want to take the P.E exam 
Is watching a very very funny movie in hbo after done all of my works. And I'm going to take a sleepppp. Owya tomorrow I have an exams!!! 
arghhh welsh exam tomorrow 
Science and maths text tomorow; get any worse?  x
studying for religion..dauum this exam is going to suck.  anyways, only 5 MORE days! yeeeeeaaah.
asdfjkl; i need to do good on my math final and pe final on tomorrow! 
i missed a 21st party due 2 exams  sucks!!
doing history essay....  not going the way I planned :S eww exams start tomorrow. shit....
English exam tommorow  no pressure ...............
history exam tommorow 
is working on her english synoptic unit + isn't looking 4ward 2 2mos' english exam 
maths and english summer exams tomorrow... no! i seriously need to finish up revising.... eek 
@filmnoirgirl yeah i've been revising like a nerd, 6 A level exams in the next fortnight 
@thomaspaine64 I type 100+ words per min, would offer to help out but I have exams 
don't wanna tomorrow's exam  I won't do it :/ so what =! omg.. so stupid thing =!
@_danisixteenth i r bored and i got a exam everyday 4 the next 3 days then one on monday i dotn wanna 
@OMGHANNAH lol, no not much chance of that! whats the exam? i get a 4 hour one on fri.... ouch 
Off to bed now on a proper downer right now lets hope a maths exam can cheer me up  x
gah election nights are like crack for me - why do they have be the night before my last exam admin law over elections + talisker 
sat here reading aloud my history notes...feel v.silly! exam 2moz and no more study leave  so tired,gona be a good sleep
Oh goodness... Maths exam tomorrow.. I'm gonna failll  maths is stupiddd.
Not feeling well gotta suck it up exams tomorrow 
gosh i'm bored. don't wanna go to sleep because i know i have to get up and go to a 2 hour exam 
sleepy, today is sport and english exam 
exam tomorrow and the family are being there usual helpful selves. 
need to study but i hate studying...finals tomarrow dn tuesday then school over 
is worrying intensly about her history exam on thursday 
ive got alot more last minute exam preparation to do for tomorrow, oh i cant be bothered anymore 
nervous...first uni exam today 
i have a belly ache  making up mucho tests tomorrow bc of my delinquent cousins graduation on fridayy
nearly sleeping. unfortunately, tomorrow i have classes. the same f*ckin' routine will start again  see u all again soon, byyeee
Missed my biology exam because i had a severe allergic reaction to my new multivitamins! Why did this have to happen today!!? I feel sick 
Ahhh so tired! I want to go sleep but I need to catch up in my classes. We only have 3 1/2 days left! And a stupid vocab test tomorrow 
@atraz omg why !!!! are you okay? what hospital, ill try and come  i have exams ughhh keep me updated
huge social studies project due wednesday, engilsh skit due tuesday, and a science test coming up real soon.   exam week next week.
I have to study, got 2 exams tomorrow... 
wants to sleep in tomorrow but cants because of her stupid english exam 
wants to sleep in tomorrow but cant because of her stupid english exam 
forgot my scarf  and also got the worst maths test mark I HAVE EVER RECEIVED. 50%. I am sad  at least i didn't fail tho. x
@adapaavi you're planning waay too ahead for me... plus exams in july... 
makin ready for school. dutch exam. 
is trying to study for exams, but my eyes keep dosing off. imma fail! 
hate trigonometry.. I'm reviewing my notes and simply CAN NOT understand what I did before  imma fail my exam!
I get my exams today  hope its not french og math
exam went gr8.... missin my friends 
looks so nice outside, shame im inside studying for exams 
oh my bad day! I feel sick and I have to go do a physics exam now 
@dindabh i hav 2 go and get ready 4 skool  tests &gt; !! bye byez &lt;3 talk soon 
studying for french exam tomorrow  soooo boring 
right am off to look after the little one whos not well and then off to my exam  xxx
Trying to study for my english exam for tomorrow, but epically failing  arhh
Doing fitness , gotta go to home and study for my exam hard 
PLEEEEEEASE dont let the exam be on depression...anything but that...if it comes up... i think i might have to take a gap year 
eating toast yum &amp; freaking out about exam tomorrow im screwed 
gotta go! I have to study hard for the next exam 
@Bess182 I've been trying to revise [and failing] for my exam today and just went on to check stuff but not reply. I will later! sorry 
Ugh, my whole body hurts, I want to go to bed but I need to study for my exam tomorrow. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7ev20 - i just finished one of my exams and came home to revise for my next one...which is tomorow   ...
@Nastja_S it's all fucking exam, fucking botany... i have three points, not four or five. my nerves are cracked and i'm got hysterics 
@annickkk3 annick! wagger. i was loner in maths today!  got exams backkkk
Lunch nearly over  exam next, argh!
and i have my speaking exam for french tomorrow, still have to start learning 
With katie about to do English exam  I hope god will make me pass(Y) goodluck@HaylQuinMcB @MeaganLA @phyllisle
hi world.. tomorrow will start the exams.. 2week of stress! 
cannot find his revision guide ARGHH and has an exam on friday 
exam today  pray for me
if study had a face, id stab it. :@ p.s does anyone know if the food places at uni at open during exam time? i forgot to look today 
sleep time. exam tomorrow 
feeling sick and still has another exam tomorrow 
Trying to get my preliminary result for my written final exams for the whole day - but no data is provided after login  #ap
exam on wednesday morning which i really dont want to do 
@MunMun2610 i mish you muchiee too!  sighh! after my exam we go out kay? hehe havent been seeing you for ages :/
exams were ok today but like 14 more to go 
cnt wait 4 these shittt exams 2 be over 
only got a few days left for exam finals! crapping myself! pls cheer me up someone? 
i have a frig headache. up at 8am tomorrow to wait for the internet guy. and exam revision 
is in english with stephanie , exams in two more days (N) 
dreading her rs exam tomorrow  damn you ethics
So pissed I'm not at wembley with  @Jonasbrothers. I hate exams 
science exam on monday 
i don't think i can survive 2 hours in an exam hall tomorrow. i hate statistics 
Tomorrows my day off woo-hoo! chemistry exam in 28 hours. gotta study  i need a nap..
@xokristin ohh  im sorry.is your math exam tomorrow?
aaah...have to learn for school  english test tomorrow !
ill  got a headache but i gotta revise for my stupid maths exam tomorrow 
@SamanthaMc_x im good!!! took my first two exams today  think i did bad on religion....why  do we even have to take tests for religion? 
tired and ready for a nap but i gotta study b4 class tonight. 
hates accouting  i cant believe how bad i did on that exam! fml
sitting in the library, soaked from the rain &amp; studying for the bio exam from hell. ayudameee 
shieet. i think i failed my math exam  oh wells 1 down 3 more to goooo. (yn)
@sweetemmaxxx i really dont know...ive got one more exam left, and im already absolutely bricking it about results day! :S 
is putting off doing maths hw and doesnt want a maths test tomorrow 
1/5..ohh exams please die!  (n) and great  stupid airport! an extra day ?...sigh*
gutted! mcfly + jonas on one stage  stupid effing exams.
I wish someone would tell me what time we have to arrive at exam tomorrow Fml 
woot i got a 100 on my 1st biology quiz!!! now i just have 2 make it through the 1st lab quiz 
Sending out much lovage to anyone doing the law exam tomorrow - I know your pain!!! 
@SarahInTheSkyy you were right neither of the two i revised came up! so gutted! I failed tht exam well and truley! 
finally got some tanning in, woo! now exam review...boo 
exam tomorrow  ENGLISHH and exam friday   scienceeeeeee.... booooo
why do I still have to stay up??? bcuz of the incomplete exam projects that I gotta hand by tomorrow...will sleep late today!! very late! 
going to bed. aargh so worried about these exams tomorrow  please give us nice ones (yn)
MATH exam tomorrow  ... going to take a every every long time 
yay its snowing !!!!! but i cnt go an play in it cause i have 2 study  i hope its nt snowing 2mro - chem exam oh  no
Studying my ass off for my multiplexing exam. 
exams this week  ahhhh!
gah got tomorrrow off then exams allll the rest of the week 
@kmbmac mines the diploma friggen scared kate. i have an in-class la essay tomorrow 
last exam tomorrow then no more ellowes hall. sad times 
bored, watching tv but should be studying for exams havent studyed yet and prolly gunna fail :| fml 
english exam tomorrow! oh no 
studying geology for a test tomorrow...i gotta be at gca by 8 
@salutemyshorts yeah that sucks! im just aiming to get a 50 on the exam so i can ass the course with like a 60 its so gay 
Last exam tomorrow then I'm free!!!...and jobless 
@redoranda wish weekend..but not really also..cuz next monday is exam and i haven't studied at all yet  hate exam..grr
gaa!!!! i might be leaving my school for sure!!! thats not good!!! ugh! diabetes crap and exams this week! not funn at all!!! 
exams are starting tomorrow. omg... I'm scared of geo 
up all night studying for french exam ............. no sleepy for me. 
i guess i should go to bed, considering that i have a french exam tomorrow morning  bonne nuit !
I have like 200 math problems.  I want to go to the chavacano tomorrow with my mom and tia, but i probably won't.
i'm going, people. i need to sleep. biology test tomorrow  love y'all. goodnight twitters, XoxO
@LexitronAvenue I'm HERE!!!!!!     Gepgraphy exam today...  xx
time to wash the glitter off and head for to bed. i don't wan to do my social exam tomorrow 
1 down; 4 to go &amp; it's not really helping that I left my maths textbook at school when I have an exam tommorow morning 
I have my spanish exam now. And I feel like havin the flu  wish me luck !
it's waaaay too hot in my apartment.. can't sleep  and i have an exam tomorrow. baaaaaaaaaaaaah
@natalieox nothing really, got stupid exams this week  xx
can't wait for tonight! but super stress about exam monday 
I've got B for my english exam and my mom is mad at me. 
@amelia_walker dw lol it snds like u had the best time. I'll ring u tonite. I'm off to school 4 exams nw  laaavee uuu
i've got 25 minutes to class and my final exam.  ... yeah, giving up for now. *bangs head against wall*
@ lianglin yeah exam is this friday  what are u doing this summer?
@lianglin yeah exam is this friday  what are u doing this summer?
omg i have math exam one week later .. 
Last exam today \m/, pity it's a bitch of an exam 
crap, I'm up too early. So tired and I got an exam today  ....sleepy.
one exam today then only two togo.... please hurry up and be friday  
math exam, im scared 
exam tomorrow..  dammit, i just want a vacation :/
@FalilaFee nothing really special,just routine   btw,good luck for your exams
wait, nvm. that's cp24! so confused!! ...stomach is in knots cause of an exam this mourning  Lol
2 hour geo exam tomorrow...maybe i should revise but dont want to 
shit ive got to study for the exams math/science/english/social/arabic shit thts alot!!! god some one help me so scared  ill start now 
showering! jennas later, then woods for the morning, and studying with dawn later! math exam tomorrow 
really have to get back to studying for my exam tomorrow!!!... sooooo dont wannaaa 
@Ayakachan haha.me too!..sadly.they stopped their schooling.i think sohee dropped? and sunye made a leave ofe abscence. 
/i want to go to reading or leeds 
would be perfect if it weren't for the fact that im about to fail a science exam. hahahha. pray for me. 
i failed one exam..noooo now I'll have to spend the summer studying biology... 
fuck exams, i want to get drunk 
screwed up my korean exam. argh. 
quite jealous of @shadowfocus and si right now  wish i didnt have an exam tomorrow morning!
dnw this fucking social exam today, this sucks 
again in a strange, almost mad mode, because of three exams tommorow......bad, bad, bad 
I'm so tired right now. im not yet done with my histciv hw! its so freakin hard  how to how to. im sleepy too, i havent studied for quiz!
pls keep your fingers crossed for me!!! last exam... in 1,5 hous! 
I dont wanna study maths for tomorrow, I'm tireed 
im tired but had fun. .just want to go to bed but got to study for tomorrow's exam! 
I dont wanna study maths for tomorrow, I'm very very tireed 
I dont wanna study maths for tomorrow, I'm very very tired, sigh 
@emjones12 yeahhhhh, I really want to go there, but molls' exam is at 2, which means we won't leave til 6/7, so idk about dinner... 
english exam went okay        revising for french, r.e and geography now, urrff 
i'm seriously gonna fail in my exams if they keep sitting you within my view  (L)
ahhhh work in an hour grrrr and exams   school is not good
not feeling exams atm!! 7 done 4 left bares gna fail politics tomoro  bad times!
chemistry exam tomorow  nto goood.
in need of something to do tonight.. stupid english exam being tomorrow taking my friends away from me 
math regins friday. 
@jazersize09 Not for everyone  U could've waited a bit to skip school! Now you'll be getting a tan while we're beat freakin out for exams!
I can't be bothered learning about the atoms of vinegar! Right better start gettin nerdy for my chemistry exam tommorow 
gotta study for the final exam today! ugh i cant wait for this chaos to end 
In nancys room studying for earth science exam tomorrow  blahh text?
Studying my ass off! 3 exams tomorrow.......the really hard ones too!!!! 
@sandraPersson its gonna be i think, because we have danish and math exams  so i'm actually a little nervous
i have to go ! 2 exams tomorrow.  ilu guys&lt;3
isn't looking forward to her science exam tomorrow  gotta be an early bird &amp; get up for revision at school... but i have missed the place!
bored shitless n shittin it about my exam 2moro 
@anginator_x3 ok, can I hangout with you after my seventh period exam cause I have no where to goo 
Hey twitter folks please pray for me! I have an exam tomorrow and I feel horrible! I really don't want to write this exam sick  Thanks
Depressed because i just finished my buisness exam -  FAIL
god how im going to fail this exam, i dont know why i bothered revising! 
taking a practice test in the integrated algebra book. oh lucky me. 
reds rain delay  last exam tomorrow !!!
Last day of classes tomorrow. Then 4 days of exams. Need to start my inventory soonbut still too many books out! 
my d-backs are losing  asu still tied 6-6 (after having a 6-0 lead)  &amp; still studying for my grammar midterm tomorrow 
im studying for my chem exam 
last day of classes today YAY! omg, exams....   can't wait fer Year One &lt;3
@nikx19 sif i have swine flu. hahaha. nah, just the regs flu. have you finished exams? i have one tmro &amp; one friday  so haven't studied!
exam friday.. cram cram cram 
who wants to do my spanish exam 2moro? 
i am soo tired . i could barely go through my history notes for my exam tomorrow 
got that insomnia thing goin right now, finally catch a break tomorrow though...i guess I should study for my exam 
one more exam on friday...the very last day, all my luck 
I feel sick   three tests today, history, biology &amp; german ( bleh )
Is definetly missing out on britney sex tapes et al. -_- last exam tomorrow 
has had a productive day of study, however is still really nervous for her italian exam tomorrow 
@biankelz We have an exam daw tomorrow 
typical, i have an exam tmrw &amp; i now have a cold and cant concentrate on my last min cramming 
English and science exam's today, how fun 
@iheartellenshow ok.. btw i gained 3 kg since after my exams  must diet again
exams are over, and i passed english! yaya  redbulls all gone  awww HAHA!
french exam tmrw. noooo! 
is annoyed that she has to go in for scienceee today  Why couldnt the science exam be over aleady, so i could enjoy 3months off 
hi xD ! how are you everybody xD ! anyways xD ! today in the exam it's was so boring  ! xD
man i hate studying  i got 3 exams on friday 
studying for maths now, maths test 2moz, hw due fridy, state cup &amp; comp all w/e, pdh assessment monday... When does it end?? so ova skool 
starting to worry about his exam tomorrow...   (also thinks walter is a homos name)...
exam on friday , crunching 15 chapters now , Argggg , can't pushmore 
so nervous about my last exam, cant even get excited about the fact its my last one  roll on 3 o'clock
just got home from school, done my science exam, gonna catch up on some zzz's! didn't sleep well last night 
music exam next. i am probs gna fail 
i have to pass music exam if i dnt want me overall grade to be a E or D lol 1 1/2 hours listening to baroque music joy 
falled my exams today.... not too impressed... alot of time wasted and a year of fooling myself i could acually do it... bye dublin  
@shatteredvalues u cant just decide to skip lessons lol n lucky u with ur exam free day i have the hardest exam of em all after lunch 
gahh. exams. fuck offf, it's too early in the morning for me to care *insert yawn* 
finished my sci exam, done crap on it 
2 exams today, I&quot;m ready for law, but not for anthro. 
cherry + criminal justice system = unhappy night before exam  !
I'm gonna fail my exam later 
@rachlok no exams?! i'm jealous  i just finished 3rd paper today, last paper on 24th, how sad 
@Morgannnn__ haha yess we are!! lol yh but atm we're studying for our exams next week 
@Brooklyndime I have class on tues and thurs.  I tried to do absentee but missed the deadline due to my lack of internet.
thank god i took the english regents in jan, and the chem regents last year. and i dont have any tests today...except im working 10-3 
@HIREV yes thats right, its my university, am having an exam after 15 minutes now 
watching gilmore girls.. going for exam in a minute  not gooooood.
tomorrow i have double math, which is plain torture. i also have a math test..i just hate thursdays. 
1 exam to go till im a free girl for the summer.I really think i need to start revsing and get of a hear, but who wants to revise physics 
maths then biology  dont feel well at all!
@georgesampson as if you had an exam when we came and met everyone on monday in manchester 
Has a headcold but managed to stay awake all night and finish her last assignment. *sniffle*. now for exam prep  *sigh*
jsut submitted my resit form  i miss the times when i didnt have to study 
@joonomi &quot;joonomi: I'm gonna go study now.. **** my teacher for not delaying my exam for tomorrow  &quot; #meedan #iranelection
last 2 exams tomorrow - both chemistry and right after each other 
french oral exam today   
geography exam today  fml
Just remembered i have an exam tomorrow. . . Bollocks, i better get studying 
@davetran exams suck  although doing shows is better so thats why i do radio haha
i have to go now .. learn for the biology test on tuesday...   byye xoxo
maths exam tuesday 
@TamiVegaxX aw that sucks, i had to get up at 6:45 to get ready for my last exam...music.  but i'm finished for two months, !
@RobbySTEREOS  another reason to hate exam week; im missing your showw ! ugh, fml
i've got a maths exam on tuesday 
UGH! work til 7...and then a paper and then have to study for a test  booo! can't wait to get outtaaa summmaschool!
Is currently bored out of her mind and is trying to revise for that big exam she has tomorrow 
is feeling rather tired but has a ton of coursework due for tomorrow 
@ddlovato i was supposed to fly out for it  but i have an exam  so my parents sold my ticket  i was heartbroken  good luck though! x
okay :p @TheEmster I have french exam tomorow...  but its my last !!
looking forward to p.e tomorow but not double maths 
Studying for french exam tomorrow 
missed my italian lesson today.'m sooo angryy, i havn't got time for the best stuffs  i still got a history,a literature and driving exams
am off to bed got to make an early start...Sicence exam on friday and i have to do some revison if i want to pass! 
this is the first time i've ever genuinly be scared shitless for an exam. why did i take it knowing i'd fail?! so angry at myself. 
No more school! But 2 exams  oh hell cant it just be all over! ??
@davidarchie i have my biology exam tomorrow that im gunna fail, wish me luck lol? 
@selenagomez HOLLLERRR! i'm so excited you and demi are here in toronto!! but im sad i won't be seeing you guys tomorrow  stupid exams.
@lovekelsey thats so awesome! molly said she wants me to go but i dont think i can because exams  when do you think it would be over at?
is at home bc of the weather  so ugly outside!!! be back on tomorrow hopefully i gotta study for my test!!!!!
training for mcd tmrw ! haha goodstuff..  first i gottta rev. for my math provincia. 
@kelseyprosser  gaaay english exam   it's guna be so hard to wake up lol i get up at 1 like everyday now :/ haha
putting together my religion exam cheat sheet   i really don't wanna do it 
@xoXxXkittyXxXox yeahh aww lucky yeah i have 5 because vocals is 2 exams  so science tmrw art friday manth mon and singng tues then imfree
english was soo boring, we watched tokyo drift whilst everyone else was at the biology exam, One mark off getting a 1, am soo gutted 
im gunna fail my maths test!   &quot;hello summer school&quot;
@bananawong okay la....... i've got two more provincial exams to go... but i'm too lazy to study *sigh* 
AHH I don't wanna do this philosophy exam 
@pilyamakulit when's your exam date? goodluck! as for me, i havent heard from new york yet 
sick, math diploma tomorrow, and mood swings. life is grand atm .. nat 
soccer training tonight and study for maths 
failed my exam twice now  will try again tomorrow
Off to chemistry exam in a bit. 2 papers, 3 hours. G.dmtjmgt.jdpg I hope I'll do well 
@ayubella yeah,she's mad at me cuz my exam results is bad. I've got all B. 
@samlamb_ @tobias_182 yeah, you 2 have fun spooning in bed and watching oth tomorrow, while i die of lack of knowledge in my exam 
its very cold today  and i have an exam at 1!!  tweet me!
waiting, about to go out for my bus. finals are today! english and math  oooh welll.
English exam today!! yeah i didn't study one bit and i didn't memorize my 9 quotes. im seriously fucked for this exam 
ooh nooo! today exam results!! i am soooo nervous....... 
ughh i have my second part of my english exam today 
law exam today  so close to being done!
feels a bit stressed... will do her licence on monday :-/ results of the exams next week uhhh 
grrr got an exam tomorrow and i don't know anything 
My last exam was horrible, what is an informal support service? I sat there for 1hour doing nothing! I managed to miss out on 49 marks 
exam results are a pending. better be here by 3.30, coz thats work time 
after a long school day i'm so tired and angry cause i gonna write a test tomorrrow and i havent learned yet 
still studying for the exams wich begin on monday 
Home. Starting 2 study 4 big exam 2morrow. I'm sad 2day.. nervous bout the exam &amp; from my boy 4 being cranky 2day  Just wanna cry 
is so 'excited' for tomorrow's exam that shes having trouble to fall asleep now.   
yaayooo. learn for chemical exam tomorrow. I CAN'T learn it cause i don't know anything. Chemicals sucks  !!
studying for the big English exam tomorrow  boo.
science exam tomorrow  better revise! got loadsaa textiles to do too!
feel sick  but got another exam tomorrow so i must revise ! 
@cogings ohhh ok lol.. i'm having a rubbish week, got cheated on and some twat stole my glastonbury ticket  and i have an exam 2morrow lol
history next             2 down 2 to go ... !    cant wait for exams to be over and done with !  gooodbye grade 10 hello grade 11 
hmmm todays been a gud day 6 exams in 1 lesson  got cdb got the last 3 too do
Studying for my english grammar test off tomorrow 
hang'n at home , can't wait till i'm done these fricking exams tomorrow !!!! English is next 
everyone has finished their exams today and I still have 1 left 
@ddlovato wish i could go but i have my math exam the next day 
Is cringing bc this exam is one of the toughest we've seen.....i feel bad for the kiddies 
Truly honestly going to fail physics exam tomorrow.  aha
chemistry exam tomorrow... pfff... don't know how this is related to medicine... 
okay so tomorrow is my first and only exam. its a diploma too  grade 12 biology even tho im only in grade 11. time to studyy UGHHH
ok exams are finished wooo!!!! (just one more maths module on tue ) 
@catrinishere hey are you in wales at the moment?  if so we should all go out sometime  after these stupid exams are over with though 
off to take a shower and revise for exams tomorrow 
last exam today, and the only one im worried about 
i wrote my math tes today and i think that i passed maybe lol tommorow i have my art exam and then on tuesday i have history  none on mon.
I wish I could just say fuck it to exams, but I know I couldn't 
is getting ready for his physics exam tomorrow! 
should really be sleeping, got an exam early tomorrow 
@Veekeee that will probably end in august, I've never felt as bad after exams lol  oh well at least I've got cinema to look forward to lol
@weisslu oh no  I hope you can get a deferred exam.
man i really dont want to write my english exam tomorrow,, 
my sleep pattens are drastically disrupted, and i fear for my exam tomorrow 
english exam tomorrow, hopefully i pass  hanging out with scott after..then working..then who knows. lets make plans &lt;3
wants to skip todays exam 
@daysdifference yeah yesterday was my sweet 16th but i had to spend it studying for a math final!  
@lisa003 ha 100% percent i could beat that!!!! (no,no i can't_  and art exam tomorrow i haven't studied much tho!
why does everyone else have like no exams where mine end tuesday?  
@enchantinghart shld ask vik if he passed me my exams. still anxiously waitg for results to be out 
Exams until next wednesday  life bites!
@mmitchelldaviss I have exams tomorrow  wish me luck!
@chelela can't go hoeeeeey tonight got an exam early in the morning  devo......
ugg.. studying for history exam. i have TWO exams on my birthday tomorrow  i am a sad, sad girl.
wish I could be webcamming with soreal but I'm resting for my exam tomo @ 9 
i have an exam after 5 hours  and i have to study 50 pages but my head is blocked  wa3 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i might just bomb my science exam tomorrow, fuuuck  http://tumblr.com/xsn235eea
must sleep. b.c i have an exam tomorrow, then alot of partying to do at vic's!! her last weekend in peterborough until august 17!!! 
gotta go to school in about 10 minutes  maths exam and geographhy test.  finally wanna have my holidays..
my math exam is tomorrow  please pray that i do well! xo
@adarataista adaraaa darling,goodluck for ur exams.. I miss you adiks 
so tired. i wish there will be no classes this coming wednesday. 
i'm on the way to getting better YAY! bit too late now though... bastard illness made me F up my exams n now ive 3 resits at least 
sif everyone have exams  It's a friday!
Exams are over! The invigulator (sp?) was weird though 
@Hamoooodi er its the same for me  i have a science exam monday and i havnt started to revise yet :|
global exam today  I need all the luck I can get so wish me some
info technology exam today... ... i hope I can sneak out from work early to study a lil... 
scared shitlesss for french exam today 
is uh gonna fail math exam today? yuuuuuuuup 
@larochelle1 10th of july apparantly. we had 9 exams and theres about 100 in our year so i think they'll take forever 
our quiz in math is so hard: converting measurements and english system. its like i only answered 15 out of 20. soo sad 
i wanna make a video today, but ill have to study maths for my exam..  urgh
im getting nervous and twitchy now, just want exams to be over  i cant take in anymroe infor , i cant get any better
@tarera i know  he's busy with exam so now i dont get to see him as often and he starts work soon so i wnt see him then either. but its ok
exams you pissed me off ! need holidays,want to go back in la 
Sure hope that I did fantastical on my philosophy cpt, because I cannot picture myself passing the exam this afternoon! 
just came back from exam  it was hard for me  cant wait for tonight to begin!! woohoo finally fridayy 
Ugh I just finished my algebra exam I think im gonna stay back lmfao 
&amp;I used to like concentrate on my exam 4 like 5 mins thn my mind used to drift off 2guess whO?!A.G..ugh..I love him an all but that's bad 
everyone has exams today! 
@samwolfson I wish. MORE further maths next tuesday 
i may only have one more exam, but i still have projects im finishing  this sucks.
Trying to revise for my piano theory exam tomorrow 
oh, this accounting exam was so hard, i don't think i passes it 
revising for science exams on monday 
oh yeah failed my math exam  well better luck next time 
haven't updated this in forever. exam tomorrow  followed by kerry ellis. noiiiice 'won
right im going to bed not that i sleep asoon as i go to bed oh and i did have a nap this afternoon u no exams tire u out lol no more now 
awww life is good... french exam monday  
to palakkad... home.. will be back for the final exam! btw, we had our farewell yesterday! officially out from the college 
final exams on saturday!? i hate those days!! 
I pass my exam and really thankgod for that but idk where will I go for shs...my result is ah, so embrassing 
in isolation till fri. studying for my exam and writing my paper 
i pass the exam with standard score -.- damn!!! i'm totally stressed right now 
wow. the syllabus for this class is intimidating. i have to get to bed and study first thing tomorrow morning. no toking for me 
last day for exam, hurray! but seni budaya is so so so hard aaaa 
@riversideboy bored and in da middle of exams 
exams next week  starting monday.. science ahhhh!!!
exam on monday  need to study...
@Ravitaa haha lucky with your multiple choice!! I had 2 essay style exams  plus 2 mega hard maths ones plus two 20/25 question exams 
@ashleyywillis ooh yay, i wanna stay all day and take pictures but everyones only got a few exams so theyll go home when im in mine 
forgot i have a science exam on monday :| better revise 
i'm now sitting in my kitchen! :-l 2bad i'm writting exams this whole upcomming week!   
Revising science for exam on monday 
i have some really important exams and thats why i stopped the tweeting for a while 
@buckhollywood For me, this saturday is entirely for studying. I still have some exams...  How sad is that?
french exam monday 
@Heromancer I'd like to be there, but on june/25 I have a fuckin' exam 
@mcflymusic wish me luck for my ballet exam tomorrow! i'm so nervous  xx
is NOT NOT NOT going to fail her exam today....haha yeh right 
@AlleyGee omg i know! math sucks like why bother having an exam?! i redid like all of my tests (not each question) i want summer so bad 
sunday mrng n nthing can be best, only if you dont have exams coming 
@amandasimon   so sorry to hear that. hopefully it'll be better soon. it might be the stress cuz of upcoming bar exams?
my chemestry final was today, and I offically hate my teacher, she couldn't have put together a harder exam, and I studied so well 
I just wanna sleep!  Not ready to study for tomorrow's quiz!
perhaps its cause i have a prac report tomorow, physics hmwk on tues, ento assignment &amp; english essay wednesdaay, &amp; re assignment fridaay 
I have to study a lot for me to finish the exam properly now onwards, no time for slacking. 
@theSLaBeouf im reviewing for my exam tomorrow.. need motivation.. aw.. 
Is revising like mad as I have loads of exams this week 
I feel...rough. This always happens after exams. I cant bring myself to move and i feel ery nauseous  PLEASE clear up for prom tomorrow!
really really tired.. watching bones.. sont want to go to school tomorrow  english assesment task.
really really tired.. watching bones.. dont want to go to school tomorrow  english assesment task.
Transfering to Hilcreast and stpauls next year, i'm sooo over the shittyness of girls high. history exam tomorow 
feels no regrets this morning, oh wait yeah she does she hasn't revised for the science exam tomorrow 
About to go to bed and look over maths abit cause i have an exam tomorrow! nooooo!  last two periods 
Off to sleep now.....got an exam in the morning  sooooooo not looking forward to it, tho it is the last one  yay!!! plz wish dat i pass!
@EskimoJoelted oh myy...that's awful..  but i would be happy if my school got shut and i wouldn't have to sit for my exam! ha! 
Shit dead for science exams tomorrow 
@stephjudd totally agree - anytime this week (besides friday - exam  ) is good! otherwise at AnCon!
@stephjudd totally agree - anytime this week (besides friday - exam  ) is good! otherwise at AnCon!
im so lazy, i seriously cant study anymore! first school exams and then THIISSS! what am i ?? helloo i need some time to breathe 
Financial accounting exam -TODAY  last day at the canadian association of magicians convention...
So today, I have to study like crazy for my exam!!!!! Ah, I'm gonna fail 
Revising for exams, gonna fail 
@MrRobPattinson hi rob how are u today? Do u have to work on sunday? I have to study for an exam  
Just woke up... gotta get studying  one more exam to go!!!
okay got my classes. all yr 2, all lang arts. no lit, no yr 3.  getting back 1 old class, they gave me giant farewell card HAHA.
studying for French exam alllll day 
really tired, but i have to revise!! maths gcse on tuesday, 
@RiotSM  hey I have an exam 
I DON'T wanna go to school tommorow, I get the rest of my tests back! 
has got two maths exams then a 1 hour maths lesson tomorrow morning WOOOOOOOOOOP 
now, I need make the homeworks, I don't want make they.  but I need. after I back, with a full stomach and homeworks ready.
hates being grounded...  bye everyone. i hope i can still go to outback after my exam to see jesse.
@TweetDiane I totally agree...going into work with 24 4 yr olds on 4 hrs of sleep...not so good...now I am studying for an exam 
Studying for my spanish exam tomorrow  I feel pretty confident--is that bad?
just got back from spending the day in keansburgh for my lil kaylas graduation! now somehow study for my exam tom 
omg just watched jon and kate plus 8   history exam tomorrow!
I'm dead.. totally dead ! lol last exam tomorrow.. im so looking forward.. i don't want to sleep.. i NEED to sleep 
@jennifer_emm its a type of science....it sucks!! i have a huge test for it tomorrow 
i meant this thursday...test is thursday.  if i dont pass i lose my job maybe 
@aplusk OK.. I have an exam after 6 hours and I didn't finish studding yet 
I feel like I have summer classes studying for this damn test...smh 
Sitting in my boxers doing some last minute revison for science!  I'm so gonna fuck up this exam! (n)
studying for my econ exam.  could use some cheering up/a break.
@hishaamsiddiqi wow. that must suck -_-. I can so picture Hishaam correcting the poor 95 yr old english teacher 
cant sleep  and i have an exam tom
@krysiekins ... miss jordan if i can finish that random test thing on tuesday and text me and let me no thankks hun i have tonsilitis 
Just finished a quiz and I have a final manana. I have been really light headed latey and I feel like fainting :/ not good 
@kYLIEEZ yep i'm coming tomorrow cos i gotta hand in my logbook and i have the history test 
@singingsister29 omg i just want exams to be over so i dnt have to think about things im just so wound up... 
just finished the schooling!! ooh! and i hate this! i got a score of 0! i hate myself for not following the instructions!! 
exam done...alright but...a 6/ in maths... 
argh... my tests for 2morrow are soo ahrd (well, maths is...) and i can't come 2night. bwah 
WTF!?! do you see the results from that last quiz!! this is a joke!! nick fazio was calculating the scores!! i swear i'm not 100% evil 
omg, math exam tomorrow :O &amp; i'm soooo tired 
omg, math exam tomorrow :O &amp; i'm soooo tired  ....btw - new photos on myspace!
omg, math exam tomorrow :O &amp; i'm soooo tired 
gotta prepare for the second fase of exams.. 
good morning. english exam then 1 more tmr! It's starting to hit me that it'll be my last day of high school tmr. gonna miss everyone 
Today, the weather was really hot. but i went to the reading room for study. because i have to take a important examination. im so tired. 
WTH? I apparently only got a C on my exam and I worked my butt off  What's the deal?
must sleep, big day tomorrow. two tests AND class registration for next sem. ahh! goodnight, twitterers 
just got bac from the lib and lol headed to bed no classes 2morrow!! yay! 
so excited for my eye exam tomorrow. 
photography exam tomorrow. 2 people in my class.. me inclusive. why the fuck study? haha. all i can come is first of second.  ha.
is home sweet home and got an 81% on her bio exam .. i love uni 
@J_xox i js cheked exam timetable..i got exam on 20th may &amp; then dont go back to school till 1st june..so fink il probss go  xx
@SpotlightLover ill just make u go with me to cathedral first then ur free to use it as u please lol...good luck on ur exam 
Wow exam kan great 
I'm studying for exam tomorrow... blah... 
I love Sundays  except today I have to go back to college to do my exams =(
Final exam's tomorrow,wish me luck ya 
good luck for everyone who have the exam tomorrow..u can do it!! love ya 
cba to unpack yet... pissed off i have 2 exams tomorrow grr! will be good to see everyone though yay  x
@calinow24 saaame. graduation  ahh. well not unless we fail the constituation test. based ont he way we behave in fitzgerald we will :I
exam went good im free for 2 weeks...yipiiiiiiiiiiii 
@jeffreecuntstar uggh its already late and i have an exam tomorrow! but ill stay up a few extra mins cuz im interested to hear it  haha
d[^&gt;^]b eh ma god..maths.....chemistry....science....english and health tests tomoz........ahh...cbff studying ill fail anyways 
chillaxin doing some coursework........not quite watchin tihs morning. 
going to sleep soon for my physics exam at 8am. i had so much fun tonight with my friends 
does not want to study, is sick of exams..  feelsl like going camping, whos with me?? 
off to bed now. having exam at 8am. n heyy, lee taemin is mine. goodnight.  lol. n ah-ta too.
blah SATs. filming and fireworks later 
just finished homework  now i gotta learn for exams
im very happy with my psych exam mark considering i thought i completely stuffed up. 74.7% 
just had my breakfast  my hair looks like i have been dragged through a hedge. LOAAAAADS to do today like my french oral. i hate exams !
watching will and grace  anddd procrastinating studying for that ap euro exam..
soon dinner here...sweet'n'sour pork and rice  very nice  i got my english primary exam back :p B-        or in norwegan 5-
4 more exams and imma home free 
studying for my final exam tomorrow!! wish me luck! 
no exams til tuesday  i want/need a haircut.. hmmm
In 24hrs time I will be at uni waiting to start my 1st exam, scary. I am working hard this morning though, and feeling ok about it atm 
studying for my exam tomorrow @ 2 &amp; packin up! 
gahhhh homework. masterchef in half an hour! hahah and the recruits 
@cherrylipstain hello nikki! i just ended my exams 2 hours ago!  how abt u?
@kalowee will do  hee after exams, i'll give u plenty of shows. HAHA hopeless me 
me knows what to be tested on all the exam subjects except for english. damn davis. 
@ChloeChloe Ahh thats where i go the 6 year old fact. good old radio one!  what exams do you have tomorrow?
time to hit the study notes! prep for friday's exam! 
@milkhub Thats smack in the middle of exams, I'll mention it to some of the guys though 
hahas . dam tried . just nw got exam . don know how much i will get . . but i having fun today . with my pri sch friends  until 5plus . =D
Studying like crazy in hopes of acing all of my exams!!!!! 
@lauraaaknight grr @ naplan. just finished my commerce &amp; geo exams  good luck (Y)
@nicole_honey thank you  i have a business exam tomorrow too :/
@amyeek having a proper stress about this exam! as you can see, taking therapy in twittering, slightly addictive! see you tomorrow  x
@jeffreynew hey. i've been hiding nowhere just been immersed in books  exams suck major ass!
I got 51/80 for my exam...I needed 40 to pass. im an overachiever! 
@the401kevin good luck on those exams tomorrow!! i have mine this week too :S i hope the shows went well! 
ooh good luck in ur exam  @comedyqueen
went for run with mummy  now about to start homework. and essay to write, assignment  and 3 page summary... al due tommorow.. help!!!
@rehna_tu good!  all the best 4 ur other 3 exams! 
havin free period. learning for my driving licence. later, while i have physical education, i have to play rugby  
actually made some decent progress with revision the past two days, not dreading my psychology exam tomorrow quite so much anymore 
#WhyITweet I tweet to procrastinate. I have an exam tomorrow, yet I'm on twitter 
spent the day with lee over  ( he helped me study for exams.. =( ) buttt ehhhnywayy haha todays my mommys birthday!
studying for orgo exam on a saturday night! good times 
gamblin  another late night. online exam tomorrow ... eeek! get well mr. dave gahan!
monday. aaah! geography, oral exam. but after that, it's over, finally. 
@liiaszta oh i see. i'll go online if i'm done with exam preparation okok? 
@xeroyass  xD yeah studying is boring  when is your math exam? &lt;3
@BlackParade93 exam went okayish, i think (hope) i got at least 40%  good luck for yours! tuesday right?
study for math exam tomorrow, hope i'll doing well 
@frozenblueeyes LOL, ya I forgot teachers don't sit in exams, damn, yeah, have to change profile 
ditched maths for my super sweet sixteen. im going to do wonderfully in my exam. 
wow i could not hate exams any more than i already do. revision is like so...zzzzzzz boring!!! i cant wait for summerrr will be amazing 
tomorrow my first exam: dutch, i'm pretty nervous 
@jitsufreek ahahaha dude it was the best procrastination the night before our exams  haha
has finished reading twilight thought it was brill no cant wait til exams finish on thursday so i can read new moon then eclipse. 
makin flashcards for my exam, watchin clear 
@iiNatasha all the best in ur exams!!! 
@mattcunt been doing okay , exams comming up like revising and stuff  the joys of school aye lol.
good luck to anyone with exams today! I only have maths so am not worrying TOO much haha  x
@sam_smart good luck with exam today! 
@mystyleonfire lolz all the best for your exams! go for it! 
@tashasiian I am mighty fine  although, i have a maths exam today :O what you up to? xxx
English exam went well  i wrote like 5 pages! Am walking to town with @tomkiddle to meet @miranda_kate 
i just came from tryin' exam, the result wont be bad i think, really happy 
Thinks about everybody that has an exam today in math . I hope you are doing well 
No more exams no more french for louise 
exam in 30 mins, chilled now, just gonna do it, and go, nothing else I can do now 
has 1st exam today :/ ... and derren brown tonight  xx
@estherxxamor wong huoy jet! Ahahaha I think I can stayy up late tonight  ! The exams are overrrr~ hahaha!
cant wait for thursday! final exam then tequila time 
Just goin back to maths for quick tips then onto our exam, wish me luck guys  x
has Indonesian language exam tomorrow on the second shift...  http://plurk.com/p/ujq0y
@scottishemma123 yeh i studyed for my history exam in 4th year and got  6 for it  thats y a dont study x
last exam tmrw... i promisee!!! omg so much to do after it.... first gonna hit the parlour for a massage... hopefully thai!!!  wid friends
Being tired after my first exam, went well so that's ok  But I'm not actually tired cuz of the exam, just hardly any sleep last night :|
sigh, homework to do... exams to study for... heck! you gotta do what you gotta do 
@Supersarytsima congrats;) wtf? how many exams do you have there in spain? is this normal? we are chillin half the year around. 
Is wishing @missbalticrabs the best of luck in her politics exam today 
@pj_endrinal really? my old school only had classes during tues-fri for cross-cutting measures. so yea, enjoy the weekend! 
I appear on the front cover of my school's annual report! hehe....On a more positive note....all exams are over!!! w00t! 
having a good weekend so faar  too bad ive gotta start revising for my exams  :\
trial chem exams and solutions  http://tinyurl.com/pmskwp
@Codyhodkinson good luck with ur exam  tell the others also 
Last lecture today  Now there are only two exams left, and I'm kinda looking forward to them both 
Yes - the exam is over and I believe that I did well  So now I have to start reading to my next ... and prepare for church on sunday
My exams are gonna be hard tomorrow... I really wish to pass... 
off to my irish exam  feeling good about this one!
is happily ready for a nap after a night out in croytown, a maths exam &amp; the last day of college  bring on the drinks!!
@annie_92 btw do u have exam is dats the reason ur studying well if it is gudluck with ur exam 
exam week freaking killed me. need sleep. failed art. failed computers. failed history. failed food tech. aced maths 
goodmorning  bout to leave for school with lolo! ahaha.big test, wish me luck!
Physics final revision  pray 4 me, my exam is after tomorrow
hates exams but watheheck. exams make good reasons to have ka-la-okay after it's done...so okay..i love exams! 
Just finished off with the exams..............!!!!! Its such a gr8 feelin'........... 
exams next week..im fucked.. for social.. and art history and maths and espanol and  business 
bio exam sucked. bio class was fun after though  getting changed so i can work out! gonna listen to @singlefile
taking the cpa exam then to kris's in the hamptons til tuesday! 
got all the sweaty exams over and done with  just the maths moudle and it's all good, but thats 4 days before jonas concert...
@akvario a little bit  exams will be at 9 of june... before them - one week of study with our lectors (mathematician analysis, etc)
doing my 9 wks test for math since i wont be at school a day tomorrow and i wont be there thur-sun becuz im going on the band trip 
hmpf... what a weird day.. i managed to finish the math exam und to talk to my crush 
going to start studying for my language exams tomorrow aka spanish and english  800th update woohoo! )
hi everyone  sorry i've just update now . i had so many homeworks and exams . and that those things made me crazy :|
@missanniechan lol mr curtis is the short guy is it ? how are ur exams ?  ;) ;]
I`m a free man. Exams finished and it went well!! Helloooo SUMMERRRR 
english exam today .. boring ! eating cookies though and that's yummie ^^ follow me 
@harry_jerry exams over not twiter 
