Most common words for this cluster:
[('eye', 552), ('eyes', 187), ('mind', 158), ('lol', 28), ('infection', 22), ('today', 21), ('something', 21), ('doctor', 20), ('com', 19), ('left', 19), ('pink', 17), ('http', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'eye', 0.8309319615364075), (u'eyes', 0.8062644004821777), (u'Wretched_mortals_open', 0.7084103226661682), (u'mind', 0.6490373611450195), (u'cheeky_glint', 0.5846782922744751), (u'eyelids_flutter', 0.5724219083786011), (u'nose_itches', 0.5721297860145569), (u'undershot_jaw', 0.5693152546882629), (u'em_comin', 0.5666689276695251), (u'pupils_dilate', 0.5633895993232727)]





@shresthayash  ouch I can just imagine a toothpic in the eye or something 
Something got into my eye...now its itchy. aw. 
ah..I hate flu..now its third day. guess what happened accidently I shaved my eye brows off. I need glasses 
just poked herself in the eye the mascara  but i love mascara, its a god sent
@pgreenbe I agree. But I hope u'll pardon my technology colored glasses while I learn the ropes of mgmt &amp; strategy.  It was top of mind
trying to keep my eyes open..damn baking 
i think ive got a wisp on my eye 
Heading to get some shut-eye...I need it 
now has a hurty wrist AND a hurty eye  falling apart at thirty!
@bradshawme the snow hit me in the eye and literally made me cry 
absolutely bored out of my mind 
a teddy bear lost an eye 
@toemonster at drug emporium and they caught my eye and reminded me of how trashy I am going to be one day  http://twitpic.com/3jujt
borrrred out my mind 
Aaaaaaaaand here we are again, with mind-numbing inevitability. 
@vegopaul Details...@bird_e u know @tysreflections ate and changed her mind lol we are @ the 1st spot w/out her 
The blood vessels in my eyes popped and I look like a zombie with the popped blood vessels on my face....now the eyes... 
Forget about what I said about feeling better  I think I have pink eye now.
@iamdakota thAT SUsan is amazing , bought a tear to my eye  nawww
??  I have a weird bump on edge of my eyelid.. almost looks like start of a mole.. no wonder my eye was driving me nuts, night again
I look like I have pink eye in my left eye after getting shampoo in it! 
cntt sLeeP  so much on my mind..
I'm extremely bored out of my mind 
bored and wide awake. keeping an eye out for the bf. he's sick 
colossal mascara made me lose half of my eyelashes on my left eye. I now have a bald spot on my eye 
my eyes feel so heavy &amp; i feel like i can see my eyebrows. that's just messed up. i look a state today 
&amp; don't put mouthwash in your eye,,, it stings!!! 
UGH...now she wants to go out. She must be feeling better. Eye still looks funky, hope it clears up  later geeks
@burbleon i wud love to continue this but my mind is completly blank 
damn this whimpy mind of mine 
@lettergirl Your eyeballs will thank you. 
bored out of my mind 
going to the docs this morning to get my eye seen to.  had to wait so long its much better now 
mad sleepy finding it so hard to keep my eyes open 
bored out of my mind without my darling... 
i just hit myself in the eye with my headphones. owwie  well, just above my eye. not in my eyeball haha
@Nathaliekhouri   i know!!! i can not get out of your sight now 
heading back to cf and just rebroke my rearview mirror! 
eye is fuzzy and can't find a way to get my lunch in my bag  is it bedtime yet?
i got lemon juice on my eye 
godfreakinfukfak i keep seein shit out the corner of my eye  ghostiez
feeing very very sorry for myself. The other eye has done bad over night and I feel like poop. 
awake. eye dr appointment today 
I've something in my eye and it really hurts 
ok! so my allergies have my left eye all puffy and watery, &amp; my right wisdom tooth needs to come out! can i hav a new head?? ooouuuuch! 
I woke up with an eye infection. 
He has the most gorgeous blue eyes but they belong to someone else  (via #zenjar )
@canuck1975 that's one thing I'm curious about, if my eyes could handle lazer surgery. Sadly I think with the double vision no 
I have dark spots on my eyes... I thought a beauty rejuvenation trick would get rid of them but google is giving me results on eye cancer 
bloody hayfever  sneezing and puffy eyes- not attractive!
We had a win but my vision is a little on the blurry side after copping a ball in the eye!!  
my eye still hurts from the hockey stick 
pink eye? this is most def NOT whats hot in the streets... 
I think the baby has pink eye  Just got some drops called in
there is something in my eye 
@translucent_eye Aw man, I want brunch. But I'm not feeling so great 
@ItaloGnomo how bout third eye blind and journey yesterday cuz we missed that too 
Just me n my computer...all but quarantined for having pink eye. Why must it be so contagious? 
@aznandy625 what eye drops do u use? the kind I have don't seem to help at all. 
officially obsessed with eye cream...but not so much obsessed with getting cavities filled 
my eyes hurt from counting tiny flies 
bored out of my mind....out of sleeping pills 
@BryanTheShultz lol I've only misspelled it twice now :/ sowwie  *puppy dog eyes*
is going to bed with her puffy teared out eyes and hoping she will somehow do good on this math final that she really didnt study for 
can't sleep...  too much on the mind i suppose
had fun last night but not happy I slept with my contacts in and screwed up my eye...again 
@viirak I guess. And I can only salivate at the sight of one 
A stye in my eye...again...attractive - not enough sleep...hmmm...could be more styes in my eyes before the next 3 weeks are up! 
@MissPhotogenic i was sittin here mindin my own biz like *crunch, crunch* and then i see his gray fuzzy ass out the corner of my eye. 
i think i have an eye infection 
My eye is swollen, i don't feel good  i slept like shit, and now i get to spend eight hours staring at fungus, when all i want is my bed 
runny nose, itchy eyes..... and no allergy medicen 
Getting ready for work. I have bags under my eyes!  I look like an old lady!!! I slept great though! I love benydrel! Haha
@BlackestRayne I will give you a code in return when I get more. I only got 2  * puppy eyes*
@Mizujin no, I think somehow cat hair got near my eye or something and it won't stop watering and is itchy and red all over 
Eye of the tiger stuck in my head 
A relaxed mind is a focused mind unlike my peripatetic mind 
Oh great...my lizard jumped and scared me, and i poked the crap out of my eye 
stye and pink eye double whammy clearly no work for me today 
bored out my mind 
Just got out the showerr and my minds running loose...so iCant really say i'm  feeling this. 
harley kicked me in the eye, it hurts 
Only my dog would fall on her face while playing...and get road rash from the dirt ground.  Molly haz a welt and cut above her right eye.
I feel like I've been punched in the eye  it hoitz...
I just gave myself a black eye. I was reaching the floor for my charger and hit my eye on the corner of my bedpost 
MERRRRRR, i have a weird twitch in my eye 
We need to kill the person that thought up the red eye concept for flights 
i have poison ivy on my face; my left eye is partially swollen shut because of it. 
A beautiful mind is so tragic 
@TraceyHewins yeah it hurt my eyes  but they feel better now ive put the glass away lol
@amylovesoliver @MeleahRubino yes, sounds like pink eye.   i also had an ulcer of the eye and it did that, too. 
i wanted to make a video, but my stupid eye is still red  stupid allergies.
i almost lost an eye  6
I'm hopeless, my mind is so corrupted 
i just burned both of my eyes while trying to wash my make up off  i also feel sick  ughh
Just poked myself in the eye  Owchh!
I have alot on my mind... 
i just made poking yourself in the eye with a plug unintenionally, possible 
D: just sprayed a load of hairspray in my eye 
i hate black eye pea's 
ooof!  i poked myself in the eye 
my eye twitching. 
i got sunscreen, sand , and salt in my eye and now it really hurts 
Ouch! I got hot sauce in my eye. 
hellooooo world! need to whip round the doctors asap to get my eye fixed 
My eye started hurting this morn, hope I didn't scratch my retina or something 
guess I should wait for a pair of eyes to help me look now. I've done what I can I think.  Why?
@ConnorGreen BOLLOCKS! I'm so sorry! I'll drop it up soon! Completely slipped my mind! Really sorry! 
@mkouye  medication for your eye?  i sorry.
my eye is swollen 
My eye really hurts.  
@ibroketuesday I kept an eye out for him, unfortunately all I got was some pretty pretty clips from the 'Then' intro 
i might have to go to the eye doctor tomoro, retina of muh left eye is swollen 
Ahhh the eye doctor dialated my eyes! they hateeee meee  ~Michisan
I have an infection in my eye  it's so sore and really red and puffy 
got an eye infection 
my eye is all red and puffy and not to mention extremely ichy... this stuff always happens to me.. 
going to sleep with a frown. 
if there were two things that i hate the most in the whole world it would be hot needles in my eyes and fucking driving to L.A.  sad face
waking up with two detached eyelashes UNDER your eyelid is not a pleasant thing... 
do i seriously have pink eye in BOTH eyes?? i am never wearing contacts again.  they hurt so badly.
apparently, eye shadow can go bad. oy...   I used a several years old one and now my eyelid is hurting. ouch...
After 14 years together, the promise of sex doesn't even open his eyes... 
My mind doesn't work this early 
hopes i dont look like a pumpkin in the photos, and to my eyes, i hope you were open. 
@ the eye appt... boccu nervous 
i have pink eye 
i now dedicate blink 182s i miss you to @ionlydrumnaked  i miss you.
owww i got shampoo in my eye in the shower and now it hurts 
@3drinksahead: Usually yes, you blog more and tweet more. But when it's eye ulcers, you can't do too much of either 
my eyes are puffy  but it's all a step forward.
I hope my dog is ok  she I'd having some issue with her eye. I'm really worried
Ouch the sun hurts my eye 
I wish i had my spare sunglasses, my eyes are going to burn tomorrow 
have to wear my glasses today, cos my right eye is swollen and i don't know why 
@keytar make up your mind 
@heyennovy haha we had balcony seats  not that great. there's a giant dragon thing that has glowing red eyes and moves its wings!
So now, I have conjunctivitis in my left eye. Is this a sign of something? What did I do wrong to deserve this?LOL I'm dying people! 
@geekgirl444 apparently so!  I'm falling apart in front of my eyes 
@amychiu fuck was that the blink/weezer one? I totally forgot. 
bored out of my mind 
would like to go back to bed. horrible headache pounding behind my eyes and all over my skull 
slept with my eye open again- hurts like hell... wish I could find the eye lube stuff to make it feel better.... 
I had a dream there was some kind of bug on my eye 
once i hit christian in the head with a metal bat! haha he then socked me in the eye! haha i miss being a reckless little kid 
@breedimetria I feel you I have a third eye right now and right before I go see foreign boys 
officially has pink eye. 
eye still hurts  I Think I'll go sleep now...
has a really really itchy eye 
washed eye out but got water up my sleeve 
My eyes are bleeding rainbows  I hate allergies...
ok this story about nick the nuggets #1 fan just really put a tear in my eye 
@Maiwen Eye... things *whimper* Not nice pictures of eyes  That's my biggest phobia (gore or icky things happening to them)!
eye think eye'm crushing... 
the apple of my eyes, the rotten core inside 
@nanavette but now your blind!!! here have both eyes I don't want u going blind my friend coz if u do u can't tweet 
Ive woken up with a really hurty eye  its sore..
I thought i saw that i had one more follower when i switched tabs but it was all an illusion... 
All dressed up, and no where to go  bored out of my mind!
@BeccaInBalt I figure what comes around goes around an eye for an eye. I dont like people much. I just watched the video he hurts so bad! 
Eugh! The eye infection returns 
looks like he's had a facelift because of the stupid sunburn. Both eyes are swolen 
@Sznq  I know.. such a sad sight 
@Fletcherrrr as of my eye condition it's to long to spell it affects my eyes 
i got shampoo in my eye  hurt lol quite funny now i think about it now tho
@layt27 picks a good time to get pink eye 
@tinymicroserf I like the taste of prawns but can't eat them because I feel like they're looking at me through those beady little eyes. 
my left eye is itchy... something went in and now it's red... 
@mazza16 yeah i hope so, haha same and i gathered that u were quite fond lol! no eye candy in it now  except susan ;) .. yuk
wow, i still have that thing on my mind  i cant beleive he would do that to me :/
arghh my picture is not working! this is soo annoying me and i just hurt my eye even more  need to get up  but my bloody ankle:@:'(
sun tan cream to the eye...i've had better ideas 
 ouchh i poked my eye.
fell asleep with contacts still in and now my eyes are burning out of control 
I flung dirt in my eye!!  dumb, stupid weeds.
I have pink eyes and sinus problems. 
@unrealitytv They're lovely. They would literally bring a tear to the eye. It's unfortunate they couldn't get it together tonight  #bnt
pokerface is stuck in my head. and im prettty sure i have pink eye. this is why you shouldnt accidentally fall asleep in contacts 
My eye worries me 
just got home from the eye doctors and supermarket majior headache got new glasses ewwww yuck 
laying in bed at @gseitels house. my eyes are burning  text meee
eye infection 
really wants to see blink 182 
@KaylaKeyes that'd be good... then people could see your makeup there too hehe.  I totally fail at eye shadow 
Everything seems to be falling apart right in front of her eyes 
this chillie is the best thanks mom! but this pink eye is no joke 
My eye keeps twitching and it's annoying 
she didn't read my mind. not an ipod touch in sight. 
disappointed to forgo cooking workshop for pathetic swollen eyes 
my eyeball is so itchy ! 
Closed my eyes for two seconds behind the wheel and ran over a dead animal... pretty sad 
my eye sight has gone even worse. 
staying away from the macbook for a few days... i got an eye infection 
Oh dear. Eyes starting to itch. The pollen count must be rising. 
My eye's hurt from all the numbers 
something is wronge with my eye  http://twitpic.com/6bukx itsss reddd 
@RalphHardy it was shockingly hilarious, but I cant get the image out of my mind 
I need to get back in camp mode... To many bugs, to many noises, and my eyes burn 
bored out of my mind 
What is wrong with my left eye? 
@grum can't remember the ratio  an eye surgeon told me once when I had the same prob
tink i ave sun cream in my eye 
http://twitpic.com/6cepx - Today's look...red eyes (from allergic reaction  ) and glossy pink lips
Allergies r not fun..eyes hurt  I walk outside to go tanning and a group of ppl offer to take me to lunch..yay!
Ugh, my eyes are on fire. The joys of hayfever 
NOW, the weekend is dwindling down...  *tears water in eyes*
i seem to never get input on my eye twitterpics...wonder why? guess that means NO to tutorial. 
wow. that just blew my mind. 
@JohnLloydTaylor me too, they r always in my mind. but they r so far away from me, that sometimes i cant handle it 
I honestly believe I'm losing my mind   
Ah! I have pink eye 
. i need to get rid of my dark circles under my eye  i look old
My eye keeps twitching 
I hateeeee it when me and my bestestest's don't see eye to eye...  
I just got bit by a mozzi on my eye lid...im elergic and my eye is so swollen i cant see out of it 
@DHughesy eye of the needle 
I have to make a drs appt. Looks like i have an eye infection  first time i have been to the drs in years for something other than my mind
I can not get rid me this ache behind my right eye for the life of me 
@Sayamelon It's like an inflammation of the eye... I never had it before so I'm not sure if it's really it but it hurts 
I got shampoo in my eye 
I think I am going to start my antiaging stuff....because I am starting to get two little wrinkles between my eyes where I squinch 
@Heggerz but i have perfect vision  nose and eyes so bad - willing to try anything today!
My eyes! They are being mean to me today! They are dry, itchy, and they keep getting blurry! Not to mention they hurt  
@brainscrewer Me too.  I also hope that my interviewer doesn't stare at my eye for 20 minutes and thinking that I'm a freak of nature.  
I just accidentally flicked toothpaste into my eye. 
the pollen is not my friend today. sleeves full of tissues and red puffy eyes is NOT a good look 
Oh no, eyes have gone really light sensitive and flared up all blood shot, seeing the eye hospital at 3:30 
Eyes are still yucky.....now my lids are flaking 
@12eyes yeah, it was actually a $9 smoothie... had a funky aftertaste 
@AdorkableMellie  i think i am allergic to my liquid eyeliner - i have red circles under my eyes and they are puffy 
I'm waiting to go to the doctor for my eye 
Telecons: root canals for the mind. 
heading to the doctors to get my eye checked out. really scared. 
Just woke up n couldnt open my eye 
eye ache 
ok just googled pink eye and i have no drainage of the eye, and not swollen..just a plain ol' red eye. darn. 
@ashleemonique awww  i miss u toooooooo asherroth :'( :'( and dont cryyy love ill be home in the blink of an eye!
@MsStylistik i aint mad at cha.  why i get the side eye 
My eye feels like a giant bruise 
Oh god I'm scared all the blink182 shows are selling out fast, what if I don't get tix? 
@educatedladyA seriously I need u to put the drops in my eye it got worse. This mess is killing me 
I has itchy eye 
eye infections suck 
@derkapitan be careful you don't put someone's eye out 
@leighalexander but now his eye color is different 
ugh just back from a eye doctor place..lol and i got eye drops and now there blurry 
My eye hurts sooo bad! At an eye doctor now.    http://twitpic.com/6fc6c
@ddlovato out of sight,out of breath, i love you, your not here  hahaha iloveuudemii.
putting eye drops in my cats eyes, trying to make them better 
No eye candy on this car.. 
i have an ulcer on my eye.  
Its driving me crazy. I think he changed his mind. 
 I've had this horrible migrane all day long!! I'm in so much pain...even my eyes hurt!!
eye freaking hurts....had my contact roll up in my eye  OWWWW
@jls turns out no vcr.  sorry, but i'll keep an eye out should you need one in the future.
son's got a nasty puffy eye when he woke up. looks like another allergy symptom 
warm &amp; restless.. I won't be sleeping too well tonight.. no shut eye as of yet. 
also, made awkward eye contact with the guy in the car next to mine. he was pretty hot and i was staring. 
is bored out of his mind. 
I'm thinking the only thing more bullshit than an eigth grade graduation is that apparently my eyes see different colors 
Eyes are feeling sore tonight ! Not happy ! I should be working on my rug ! 
man my eyes r shot 2 hell! glasses/contacts 4ever 
@beckyinthesky with all those little black things under his eyes 
@brian4dotcom It's amazing how a career can be snatched away in the blink of an eye 
I have new glasses with different strength lens in the left and right eye, and it's making my laptop look all wonky n bigger on one side 
Too much on the mind to go to sleep 
@next_bold_move   At least I have you to keep an eye on it for me.
my eye itches like you dont even know.... ugghhhh it bothering me! 
My mind will never get out of the gutter 
ive got some kind of allergic reaction. my eyes are swollen and i look kind of weird 
@domster It gets better.  I'll have blurred vision in one eye for most of the day 
at work, with a swollen eye 
@desfry Tired, and my eye is still twitching  How's you?
i try it to make my mind is blank or ZONK! 
My eyes hurt a hate hayfever 
swollen eyes, due to allergy...  can't put on anything, now that makes me sad.... -_-
Hayfevered to the eyeballs! 
@otnaicus @debbiewong maybe my eyes r playing tricks on me.. 
Just lost his squinty eye 
My left eye itches so much today. 
@danishk Now you put me in two minds :| Its one of those places I dont like being, especially since I dont have a mind of my own 
My eyes are crying for the cut hay 
I have a pimple.  A little below my left eye, on the cheekbone.  It looks like I got punched in the face. 
here I go putting 2 onions in my eyes...lol...*drops* lol 
@LaylaNatalie nooooo u have to avoid the first eye rub. it's game over if u do that 
@AngelByDay you rotten git. I'm sat in the office with precisely zero eye-candy within perving range 
I'm considering pulling out my eyes with tongs, and cauterizing the wounds with a butane lighter.  I hate my eye infection.  SHITSUX  
isn't a mind reader. So tell me if i've annoyed you! Ghrr 
@kittykouture25 i know!  well i'll just go by the reviews from everyone! i keep forgetting to go into boots and pick up that eyes stuff!x
Thinking of you, your company, your eyes, your personality, and your amazingness in general.  I miss you babe...  
@angelicbiscuit So, I'm sad you're not doing vlogs again!  Hopefully you'll change your mind!!
i Poked my eye with a basketball  i cant even see
is tryin to sleep but cant  too much on her mind
I'm pretty sure I just scratched the cornea of my left eye 
Someone, scratch my eyes? 
I can never sleep  (especially when your on my mind)
Freaking allergies have my eyes itchy &amp; on fire 
my right eye hurts with my contact lense,so i removed it &amp; have to deal with the older look of the eyeglasses 
I've lost my mind 
@Hicksdesign Your skin is really fits nicely with the visual tabs, but: Is there a quick fix to get them on the left? 
@skinnermike be glad of that, its like wanting to scratch out your eyes because you have an incurable itch 
@rianneramirez ahh that's why. haha it's like I have a poor eyesight  but thank u owl eyes for letting me borrow ur ahmazing eyeess!
putting ice cubes on my swollen eyes 
tore my blue contacts  soo disappointing. gaaah. guess i'll be having grey eyes instead.
my eye is swollen, iand it hurts. 
@amandagravel  Had to get drops prescribed from my eye doctor last week for eye irritation/blisters in my eyes from allergies 
Wtf, i have pink eye 
has a bung eye 
having a nasty allergic reaction that has my eyes swollen and gross.  
stevie wonder's lately on the radio &amp; I'm crying my eyes out. 
Ugh, I have an itchy eye, stupid hayfever 
I just got sunscreen in my eye. 
has a slight eye infection and a scratch on the cornea from whatever hit it whilst I was cycling home last night 
is ready to go back to bed.  and my eye is swelling 
I think I have pink eye 
My eye problem has flared back up again 
I am still awake!  can't find my eye shades (
...still can't get over the judge calling me an apple  raccoon eyes for the win from sunburn with shades on.
broken fingernails and a frazzled mind 
i wish i was capable of speaking my mind. . . 
@HollieSSargeant LOOL i knoww :/ hehe. I think I have grass in my eye from earlier 
@pursebuzz sadly no makeup today because I have a weird eye thing I think needs to go away before I try to put on makeup. 
@CarpathiaB I'd keep a close eye on them if I were you. 
My dog is officially blind in her left eye  she will be 13 in august
me can't open my left eye now  oh no not this again!
Just like @robotbraden, I also have something stuck in my eye. @ doc now to get it removed 
@ThatGirlKris nothin...I think its like a stai or however u spell it!! Lol. But deep on the side of mah right eye!!!  blurry vision!!
Sitting in class tempted to stick a pencil in my eye 
I love you @virginamerica, but I cannot do a middle seat red eye, and $300 extra for exit row is just too much 
feeling down about my second lot of eye surgery  It hasn't made any improvement :'-(
damn my left eye is swollen!! grrr its actually aching strangely when i look round and stuff 
My eyes feel like they're bleeding-i hate housework grrr 
i can't make up my mind on what to wear 
@squint_squad21 don't know 
my kitty looks like he was crying! his eyes are all watery and tears are streaming down his face. saddd kitty 
A mosquito just flew in my eye! And i got spit on 
I don't really get what's in your mind. 
@melaniemagic Right on. No eye candy for me tonight 
Freaking out...something is extremely wrong with @MissZelda's left eye. 
I can't sleep got too much on my mind 
got shampoo in my eye, ahh 
i think i have too many tabs open 
damn fake eyelash glue...making my eyelids stick together... 
My eye is sore 
I think I have pink eye 
My eye still hurts...  
stocked up on hayfever stuff, and been pinned down by my husband to put my eye drops in   
hates my eyes.  http://plurk.com/p/yw37v
I want to see blink....why can't they come here 
I give up! No eye liner or mascara it just won't cooperate today 
My eye is swollen. 
oh and i got licorice at the movies and chistan was hitting me in the eye w/ it the whole time. it hurt 
My fricken eye keeps twitching. It's bothering me! 
's doggy is poorly, he's got an ulcer on his eye, and if it doesn't get better he has to have it removed!!!  
sleepy yet so much on my mind 
another slightly annoying thing about being in the presidential suite aside from planes at eye view - i see exactly how gorg it is out 
my contact almost popped out my eye while driving on the freeway omg lol driving w one eye is nooo good. 
 im not even allowed my eye drops
ouchies! sore eye. i think i got a hair in it there and now its stinging 
bored out of my mind 
tweeting at work. I've hot a stye in my eye 
So far there has been no male eye candy 
ohmygosh my eyes r soo red and starting to swell! allergy or hayfever wh knows? not happy 
i have cabin fever eye 
@SuzeOrmanShow the set took the blue out of your shirt and it takes the blue out of youe eyes too 
@SalioElSol08 lol you said they were nude in your mind. 
thought i was ready. but i think i changed my mind  
upset i was all dressed n ready 2 go out w my girls then had an allergy attack. swollen eye n none stop sneezing is NOT fun 
upset i was all dressed n ready 2 go out w my girls then had an allergy attack! swollen eye n none stop sneezing is NOT fun 
sick...like majorly!  double ear infection AND pink eye! not looking forward to a five hour drive tomorrow under these conditions!
@smcolleen 3D tires my eyes.. i'd rather do 2D.. haha but i heard UP was amazing awesome.. *sigh* i have yet to watch it 
@jourdynk sorry about your eye. 
@jesscka ahah... I see, did you decide on when you are going to hk yet? I can't believe blink182 is coming and I'm missing them 
My eye is still aching after being smacked with a vacuum cleaner plug by my almost 2 year old cousin earlier. So much for #drawingday. 
i feel so stressed!  i have to much on my mind!!
Eye infections need to go away  http://twitpic.com/6tfym
has some how got a black eye which has swollen quite bit over nite 
@abbybarker Actually it's gone really still and gloriously sunny now... eye of the storm? 
im in desperate need of match sticks for my eye lids 
@sabrinaxx i know, i cud be there  oh dear  but just listen it will be fun haha! ima close my eyes and imagine!
@mcruuman well i dont blame you i cant afford kleenex!!!  haha....the occasional sneeze and watery eyes....what a hot look :|
think i may have a eye infection 
Eye infections R us 
I don't know what's going on - I go to bed exhausted, and wake up exhausted.  This is messing w/my mind. 
@Goleudy  rubbing my pickled onion eyes!!!! Have to admit you enjoyed the black pudding though!
I either have a sty or pinkeye. I'm leaning more towards sty. Either way, my eye hurts so bad  -nicole-
his mind is going around and round. stressed abit. 
just rubbed pringle salt in my eye. 
eyes won't stop watering  crappy hayfever and genetics
now i have pink eye in my left eye ... when is it gonna end!!! 
 I changed my mind 
Raining again - no flood warning still, thank goodness, but will be keeping an eye on the growing puddles 
I'm still sick...  why did i have to get this nasty pink eye! that's so gross.. my whole eye is red... 
@danipoynterjudd a peice of bread has gone into my eye 
eewww what if i get a black eye  
@ross_drew I already have glasses...last eye test i had was about a month ago!! So not that 
bored out my mind 
I just got eye shadow blown all over me 
Drowning my eye with visine before I wax this dudes back 
@RoxannRobbins well i got hot sauce in my eye 
My left eye is soooo itchy, can't stop rubbing it! 
watching dennis the menace. my eyes hurt 
@kirstiealley I hate 'plenty more fish'. If you're in love, they're all look like bottom-feeders with funny eyes and big jaws. 
@kirstiealley I hate 'plenty more fish'. If you're in love, they all look like bottom-feeders with funny eyes and big, jutting jaws. 
I think I have a sand cluster in my eye.  http://twitpic.com/6vnpm
cona's stink eye 
@nickharrrdy stab me in the eye.  I knew if it went to decision he lost it...
@JLucky419 im good, just bored out of my mind   you?
my eye itches 
k i have a rheumy eye and it's narsty and sore. 
Wondering whether I should jog in glasses which I hate or just take yet another day off and get even more unfit (sore eyes  )
ugh to much on my mind for me to sleep 
bored out of my mind! 
Ahhh getting pepper in your eye isn't very cool nor wise 
i have a lovely burnt mark under my eye... stupid curling tongs. 
@proligde Then I'll get rain in my eyes, or down my neck, or both 
I'm sooo tired, but can't sleep, too much on my mind. 
my left eye itches  lol
Something is wrong with my eye, its puffy and extremely puffy 
is seriously worried what if ........ no i wont let that thought enter my mind .i will not .   
thinks he's getting an eye infection 
Getting tired of all the nightmares lately; drowning, needles, spiders, lost love - all my worst fears come to life when I close my eyes. 
when i'm walking, i like to close my eyes to see if i can not hit anything. i just did that and tripped on the floor 
If i sleep i'll lose weight and i don't want to ut my eye lids are drooping 
so tired.....and sad...i don't know what's going on  in my mind.....  
I am up too early with mom at her eye appointment... I miss my bed 
@caitlinmoran Luckily no-one sits behind me. I have just had to poke my mind's eye out with a stick after the 1st photo though 
ran out of milk  and my eye hasnt stopped twitching hfjdkser
My eye is killing me i need to go to the eye doctor  i cant wait for my vacation to start
At work wishing I were not. I have a sty in my left eye it's my first one 
 I can find my eye shadow pursh!! :'(
My hayfever is killin' me! Right now i have a red eye and a blocked nose. Not a good look 
My eye keeps twitching 
@emmasmom20   Hopefully she'll outgrow it - I had one when I was little too, but no more. But good to keep an eye on it w/ cardiologist.
In such a sad state of mind 
@ImajicArt no   i saw one with an eye - was that it??
Wish there were sum eye candy in my class to keep me awake 
So all of a sudden my eye starts to hurt like someone punished it. I look in the mirror and it red as hell!! Why why?! 
pretty sure john gave me a black eye...  all i know is it hurts like hell!!!
I scratched my eye lid on accident. it hurts 
update: eye is still twitching. i guess i'll just keep my finger on my eye the whole day 
@purple I know how yer feeling, I always have problems with my eyes  fingers crossed it clears up nice and quickly 
http://twitpic.com/7f3pj - ugh my makeup looks terrible i kept on wiping my eyes cause they were all itchy 
@RollingtheDice  i know. transformers, more than meets the eye
Tears: verb, noun, def.: can cause skin to dry, makes water in your eyes when your sad, causes heartache, but worst of all,. 
So so bored out of my mind. I miss @dnashots 
ok left eye is really hurting now. constantly tearing up and i can't stop blinking. contacts are coming out now. 
i hope i dont fall asleep in class. my eye is still red. 
@TheMandyMoore I know my left eye just started hurting out of nowhere 
y must yellow eye shadow stain so bad 
my child managed to get poison ivy/oak on his eye ... managed to get some benedryl gel around the area with qtip  poor eye
Right eye has a scratch. No infection. Eye patch. Not black like pirate.   b2 vitamin shot, b2 oral medicine, and b2 eye drops.
My contact scratched my eye  it hurts
@mhas69 hahah nah they're old, and dont fit my eyes so i can't wear em 
my pillow is the best companion i've ever had.. and it's falling apart.. and i will cry my eyes out when it comes time for a new one. 
@Countesscupcake did the hair stab you in the eye last time? 
I really hate it when people use flash photography. Not only is it distracting, it hurts your eyes! It also brings the risk of seizures. 
A bubble just popped in my eyes. It is no longer a friendly kiss. 
meanwhile... I've got diahorrea  e guide said someone casts n evil eye on u coz u're beautiful..
can't sleeeeeepp  too much on my mind.
Eye green traffic 
@hannahsix wtf is up wit the new crappy red eye set 
juat managed 8 sneezes in a row, felt amazing and i predict more, just moments away from itchy eyes that i will want to submerge in water 
have hair in my eye 
I'm already afraid for when blink will come over 
NOOOOOOOOOO! I'm out of eye liner &amp; i'm not going shopping until saturday!!! 
a mosquito killed me this morning, my eye hurts 
A fly just flew into my eye 
My left eye is killing me. It burns and is red. 
@byGODSgrace  I know it is...you've never let that little one out of your sight! 
just got up my eye is hurting so bad 
@HeidiHeroin_x nahh, your good at prodding me in the eye 
@LostJello i was definitely 100000% too drunk and about to pass out.  hence the eyes rolling back 
#haveyouever cried 2 the point ur eyes qot extremely biq&amp;puffy 
@suffolkinace LOL Thanks hun  I wore they specs out, my mate was like u hiding a black eye  i didnt laugh
@RianAshlei   I wanna know (sad voice and puppy eyes with pouty lip to match)
i wish i could read minds 
although, i still cant keep my mind on track 
I'm tired of being expected to be a mind reader. 
I also have some kind of pain under my eye, I wonder if thats from eyeliner or what___ D**N I can't do my face today 
my eye keeps twitching, lack of sleep 
hoping my eyes undialate soon, going to the eye doctor is harsh...headache 
Ahh a paper cut to the eye must be shit painful 
http://twitpic.com/7jzy3 - my gingerkits. wobble has an eye infection 
Why does everything remind me of what I'm trying so hard not to think about? An old eye exam bill... Wow. 
@retta719 Does doc have drops for that? Not sure when it's on eye, but patch will keep him from touching &amp; less irritation maybe-poor guy 
going for a walk, got too much on my mind  headhurts
seriously blasting some third eye blind. haha... so sad i don't have tickets for saturday   what was i thinking!
eye disection was so cool! but smelt really bad 
@elizabethousley i mis youu!!  come over tonight, you can see my black eye (
..why won't my eyelids stay open? 
i look like i got punched in the eye. it hurts 
@GuttaButta wat if im busy missing u? *cue puppy eyes*  
@babykates7 yeah they won't do the surgery till the cold is gone...poor thing still has runny eyes 
@TiaraALTA on my eye..  its real ugly. but it makes me look tough? lol i accidentally scratched myself when i was putting my shades on ..
Getting my eyeballzz checked. I wonder how much worse my eyes got  last appointment they were -5.00 in each eye
@meaganway if we went to see third eye blind today, we could have seen @vinny_vegas but we had stupid tests 
I am hoping my kids eyes are all red due to chlorine + tiredness, not that I gave them pink eye before I got rid of it 
Just got gum in my eye  http://bit.ly/q87ha
@angelinie516 luckyyy. i'm not going even though i love blink 182 
ii just cried my eyes out listening to the labyrinth soublndtrack. Brings back my super younger days  x
i have so much on my mind. ahhhhh i have the hugest stye in my eye, its killing me 
you guys i could be seeing third eye blind rn   
 @monique4ever is messing with my mind.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out. 
I just poked myself in the eye 
eye huuuurts 
I got my bag and eye liner today! I wish I go those dang gages. 
i wish i could read your mind 
@JasonRidge1 ugh i'm suffering from them too  true blood was fucking amazing! It made me forget I wanted to rip out my eyes!
have a bad eye infection 
@beebumble79 i know what you mean  ive already lost my mind...
feeling the pain  there's a particle in my eye that will not be rid itself.
Late night food. I really need to rest, super eye bags 
is missing eye candy. 
@pfellas working  what did you have in mind?
Just tried out tweetdeck since tweetie doesn't search properly anymore. But it was too confusing for my tiny mind. 
been to the docs and do have a stupid eye infection 
@niqui it totally crossed my mind, but just not enough time...booo 
@TheSaraLisa I'm think I know who is on your mind again. 
Waiting at the eye dr. Absolutely on fun 
That sockington!!! I think I need a new idol.... no I want to be just like him. But I only have one eye 
damn boy, dry your eyes, you stole my heart and then you kicked it aside.. brilliant, brilliant, brilliant! and so true. my ear hurts 
Now my eye is itching, I think it's cause I've been rubbing it, hopefully not because I've been given a nasty eye infection 
ouch my eye 
I hate waking up before 1030 because my eyes freakin burn like crazy...I don't even need that much sleep  http://myloc.me/498p
Just went to the eye doctor. It makes reading my blackberry impossible! 
studying chemistry 210 ....  losing my mind slowly !
I need eye drops 
sad that cameron field is dissapearing before my eyes.. 
TWITTER! Aw damn what's up with my eye 
still at the eye docter 
I accidentally hit myself in the eye 
itchy eyes/throat, sore, head pounding...hello allergies, I hate you 
Boredd out of my mind 
sitting at the eye doctor lookn pityful 
I need to be in a better frame of mind... Just can't seem to find one 
confined to my house, due to hayfever symptoms .. . . my eyes !!!!!!!!!! 
sitting rubbing my eye from hay fever 
I'm to the point of crying right now .  I'll never be able to understand how things that are perfect can screw up in the blink of an eye .
@MGGubler i can't believe i just missed criminal minds 
everyone has green pictures and its hurting my eyes 
my poor kitty has pink eye 
Pretty sure I need to schedule an eye doctor appointment and get new contacts 
shampoo in your eye feels even worse when of the 'plus conditioner' variety.  owwee. 
tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiired out of my mind  will go to bed soon
ouch my eye is all red cuz i got shampoo in it  )-: dumb shampoo...
bored out of my mind 
@odin1eye just judging by the traffic, I would say more than three liked it.  many visit few vote 
The eye candy has left the building 
also my eyeball is gross, why must i always get stuff in my eye!?!?!  it looks bloody 
Catching the red-eye 
I can feel my eyelids getting heavier 
@aniamigdal my right eye has been annoyin me the past few days,hope its just an eyelash as I'd hate it to be an infection or somethin 
can't sleep  too much on my mind... what to do, what to do...
@gemimamoon what more can I do for my hayfever-taking piriteze but my eyes are just awful  good hen?
eyelids, can't stay open 
I hate contacts D: ... well my left eye likes them, but my right eye on the other hand ... 
my eye is still broken  think it's @timboski again
@emilyt1990 lol  sorry, i had a tear in my eye, i was trying to film it and get intouch with you and make sure my battery didnt die lolll
bawling my eyes out during greys anatomy. izzy 
Eye doctor today and then just being lazy because I feel bad 
thinks staring at a computer screen is only making my eye hurt worse... 
Just looked in the mirror to see ink on my chin, wonder how long that was there for 
my eye's hurt 
got a sty in my eye 
checking facebook and twittah. my eye lids feel heavy 
my eye keeps twitching :S :@ 
just went to the eye doctor.  no fun.
Guess what! I have pink eye 
stupid fucking hayfever my eyes are so itchy 
... has an eye infection  x
Just had a really annoying eyelash in my eye 
@applegurl77 damn...I gotta keep an eye on you. 
feeling very sleepy!! doubt i could sleep with all this heat!! my eyes have been hurtin since mornin 
My eye hurts. At an optometrist now 
I forgot tonight was Third eye blind. Never did find anyone to go with 
my eye really hurts, i cant see out of it very well 
im home ! i tried reguaging my eyes and found out my right ear hole closed 
i am so tired of staring at synechococcus, the first million were pretty...but now they are burned into my retina's 
@MischoBeauty anytime, I'm ok dealing with a swollen eye 
@Redpix22 keep an eye on your mailbox. just sent it. stamp cost more than the lollipops 
I am so scared for my lasik eye surgery tomorrow 
GRRRRR....my eye hurts!   ugh, i was sleeeeepy  those kids wear me out!!  ima just chill for a while and watch t.v with my mommy.  
So tired form doing nothing...got my eyes checked today...i might need glasses. 
allergies = way lame. my eyes won't stop itching 
Thanks to my puppy pete I have an american eye and an asian eye. I feel like a huskie. Lol it hurts 
waiting for my eye doctor. Hopefully my eyes' grades are the same..  
-ouch charlie! something is in my eye 
thinking about getting up and looking at my eye in the mirror cause its very itchy 
@aka55 I have too much on my mind to sleep 
#acdouche #aaronisadouche #aaroncarterisadouche make up your mind ontd 
I don't understand men, do they all have a one track mind? 
Its so damn bright my eyes are permanently sore and squinted... and the white paving slabs are making me snowblind 
My eyes aren't as good as they used to be... I used to have perfect vision... almost failed an eye test 
its cold now. weather needs to make up its mind 
@kka2297 how did you almost give your brother a black eye 
@connievstack I tried looking for those chocolate pretzels yesterday but they didn't have any  so I have to keep my eye open for them
i have a gammy eye this morning 
My eye is sore 
my eye is so itchy 
Fml  I think I just got toothpaste in my eye! 
@eye_shuh   I thought you were, too
@Allieandra i obviously just have dirty/warped mind when it comes to knee bruising :\ should possibly stop doing that though, is painful 
my third eye is visible to the naked eye. its red, huge and smack in the middle of my forehead 
One of my contacts ripped again today so i can only see out one eye again...  i need to start bringing my glasses as backups!
ow. poked myself in the eye with the mascara 
Oh god now my eye is swollen 
note to self: stop this crying nonsense. you'll ruin your eye makeup LOL 
At tmobile updating from the new lx, can't make up my mind! 
had something to look up online, then i forgot it in the blink of an eye. 
It's raining in my mind... 
http://twitpic.com/7uhn4 - fucked up eye 
@POSHDASOCIALITE stay not mentioning me  about to bring a tear to my eye!
this is not what i had in mind. 
@JohnMetBetty eyeslipsface.com I haven't really had a chance to try my new stuff b/c my allergies are so bad I can't wear any eye make up 
my head hurts.. my hands hurt. my eyes hurt. my sinuses hurt. yeah, I have a cold. 
Ugh my eye lids are refusing to saty up 
Ugh my eye lids are refusing to stay up 
trying to keep my mind off this horrible debaucle! 
Yikes! Managed to get the lawn mowed inbetween sniffles, sneezes and watery eyes... Yahh I'm allergic to grass 
I gots pink eye 
My parents know everything now and im scared to look them in the eyes i hope they dont lose there trust in me 
why do you come across my mind still? you're so mean i want to hate you. but i can't 
@GuitarLove08 But...but..*sniff* Your not going to change your mind are you? 
@dhottie315 I would!  If there were a phone that caught my eye.  
I know I'll have bags underneath my eyes at the wedding... But still I can't sleep 
@justEdith omgness..... You had me scared to death, eye thought eye had upset you  and eye made it home in one piece.
you know when you dont sleep alot, then start getting tired, but try to stay awake so you stop blinking, then your eyes start burning? 
@lifelongpyro88 no, i'm looking for a cleared mind. 
i need to get some shut eye 
My eye keeps twitching, i can't sleep, and my room feels weirdly empty. 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7u1b6 - haha yeah.. europes def not like the states.. i had a big eye opener here 
For coffee, got an eye infection 
I got shampoo in my eye 
lenses in, eyes watering like nobodies business, owie 
so glad its sunny now, but have got an infection in my eye 
@bballcourt04 How are you going to meet hot British guys with a black eye? LOL, sorry your eye hurts 
ouch! something in my eye and no mirror to get it out 
my eye hurts so im wearin shades, i swear its not because of my hangover. it stings 
@tanyaynat No, think Grubcio and his leaky eye. 
@itssgyslane pink eye 
Finally going to the eye doctor! A little nervous my eyes have gotten worse 
went to pool! great time except when ball hit eye and squished my goggles on it...couldn't open it for a while.  but better. 
I woke up this morning with a puffy left eye. It kind of hurts too.    It's not red or anything like pinkeye, just swollen underneath.
@maaricela hahahahah  nothing ugh my eye is all watery  and i dont know why :\ soo whats up with you?
I averted my eyes right away @everhostile I have too many things in my head I cannot unsee. I knew I didn't need to add that into the mix 
 my eyes are going to be all puffy later  argh...funerals....so sad...
@kimthemooch I've been looking, nobody is catching my eye tho 
couldn't even get my eye open and so I snapped at her and she's mad and I feel bad and it still hurts 
Ahhh, my eyes hurt from too much sims  i need a break..
my mind's not where its supposed to be 
My other eye is twitching  but they are twitching to different beats idek
just poked myself in the eye with the tag of my skirt, it was waterin so muchh 
@mstrmnd1523 *sigh* i fell asleep with my contacts in, and the next morning my left eye was completely swollen and irritated. 
bored out of my mind 
has a gooey  eye again.  stupid left eye with it's conjunctivitis :|
p.s. one of the eyes in the smiley face on my thumb fell off  it needs an eye patch.
p.s. one of the eyes in the smiley face on my thumb fell off  it needs an eye patch.: p.s. one of the eyes in the smiley face on my thu..
Now my eyes are stingin more than beforeee  nt good
bummed i have poison ivy in my eye  so inconvenient.
So hard to sleep with #iranelection on my mind 
I want to do colorful eyes tomorrow....suggestions?  No purple lol (allergy  )
Studying, its so hard to focus with rpattz dancing around naked in my pitiful girlish mind. 
saw the worst thing a kid can see her parents do today...  my eyes &amp; ears.. yuck.
Just accidently  gave our dog a black-eye while play fighting. 
hilo on my mind 
i keep opening my eyes to some creep shadow thing. its so scary. 
Out of sight. Never ever out of mind. 
So tired but I can't seem to get to sleep. So much on my mind 
my left eye is so itchy 
I have something in my eye! How annoying 
ACCIDENTLY got juice in my kitty's eye. oops. 
my eyes are so small... and the amount of eyeliner ive put on them isnt helping haha 
my eye is swollen ! 
I've got eye aids, it hurts 
I hate the eye goop that dogs get 
slept with my lenses...result: red eye 
says I know I shouldnt be needy, but you kinda disappointed me when you said you changed your mind.  http://plurk.com/p/12qeq8
I just poked myself in the eye with my nail 
@VyccySCARE ooo rightyo cool (Y) will check if i can come if my eye clears up 
he's always on my mind .. i wish u mine 
Still can't get 'danger' out of my mind.... 
eye's twitching...head's throbbing...want to go home 
just got a big wood chip in my eye, got it out but it still hurts, my eye is definitely scratched but at least it's not on the cornea 
@kimbean_ that was me last night. Also, wearing contacts always makes my eyes feel like they are on fire, so I can't wear them 
I came home from work and slept, now I'm wide awake! &amp; freaky but I have a black eye and don't know how! It hurts! 
@erasmogomez perez was attack by the black eye peas manager he was punched im the eye 3x 
I'm really hungry and it's making my eye lid twitch... Some can eat but have no food 
@waiel  red eye oh no  what does that mean ?
bored out of my mind... 
Just poked myself in the eye 
close your eyes and count by twos when you get to five that's when i'll stop loving you  you don't even know i exist!!
Trying to get my mind off of going to work; it's not working 
completely freaking out about tmrws exam. I think i will fail. I have studied but my mind is a complete blank... got georgia on my mind 
just got back from the eye doctor. I am slightly near-sighted 
@cloudsaredreams sorry to hear u r not well, weather doesn't help - been sneezing like an idiot today, itchy eyes too 
I need new glasses, but I can't get my eyes tested until next month, so there's no point in getting new specs now just to get more later 
@therealGlambert and liner color is embedded in the creases around my eyes  not a good way to look when i go to work(i'm a doctor)
has such a sore eye 
just got mud in my eye ow 
has an itchy eye 
Just sat outside and suddenly I remembered that I've got hayfever :-| Now my eyes are all red and they itch like maniacs!! 
@meganneill8 i agree! it is the worst thing ever  my eyes are all puffy &amp; itchy...  x
I just got smoke in my eye 
Sykes had his bollox removed at the vets...he keeps looking at me with those sad eyes....sorry mate they had to go 
having issues getting my #N95 to post to #twitpic and #mobypicture  via #gravity ... such annoyance i have such a keen eye for piccys
I have something in my eye!! 
@jordandobson That's a sad sight to see. 
@ekkirkland cool - c u there! I hope your eye injury is not serious 
There's something wrong with my right eye, it's all blury?!?! Hopefully will find the problem at my eye test next month 
tired. itchy eyes due to hayfever. its well bad 
Waiting room at the dentist. There's a man in here with very sad eyes and it's kinda breaking my heart 
holy moly im bored out of my mind  {RayO'Sunshine}
I just can't seem to clear my mind 
My eye is itchy!!!!!!! 
side note: i don't &quot;go clubbing&quot; and i would have to wear heels to meet people at eye level 
can't sleeep ! too much on my mind 
i just got cherry limeaid in my eye. fuuuuck 
Criminal minds marathon is coming to a close 
@korearian My eye is blurry too  I've always had perfect vision!
Mowing lawn equals itchy eye. 
I'm really sad about blink 182 still 
forgive me first love, but I'm tired. i need to get away to feel again; try to understand why. don't get so close to change my mind. 
My eyes are stuck together...... stupid mornings!  
My eyes hurts after browsing nonstop from the computer since 8 am.. And still have to brows some more    http://myloc.me/5y8L
&amp; it still brings tears to my eyes sometimes.  I'm a softie though don't mind me.
Watching relationships being destroyed before my very eyes due to alcohol So sad 
i  know i went to see him to day and we had to feeed him through a eye dripper it was a formala   and at 5 he had to get his tounge cut he
My right eye is irritated since last night 
@LadyLogan I know but I'm still scared  I just can't get it off my mind. I'm a nervous mess because of it.
I just poked myself in the eye.  ow.
aaah there's something really wrong with my eye 
cant find her eye liner sharpener thing 
I hate hayfever! Eye's are leaking, nose is running and keep sneezing!  Not doing well!
my eyes are wide open and my mind is racing but my body is sooo tired.. i need to nap, but i cant  wtfff.. oh, and work is totally screw
@aaronbassett Does smoking dull the hayfever?? I smoke and my eyes and nose keep leaking! 
My poison ivy is know getting close to my eye balls...going to the doctor at lunch 
@beingnobody In every conceivable sense  chin up, caterpillar x
@handgunsandemos keep an eye out for me. this new one costs $200 
i deeeeeeeeefinately have pink eye 
taking it easy, trying to figure out what is happening to my old mind 
@bbgeekchic my mind powers are non existant 
my eye ball is fat from a bug bit.  I look weird  this is bad for my exceedingly high self image.
@snarkattack  The freezer-worthy @amoir has already given it her scholarly attention, but I suppose another set of eyes could hurt not.
agghhhh  looosing my mind!!!!
lol at dion putting eyedrops in his eyes 
@damohopo thankyou  bet your eye looks lovely, consider an eye patch if only to spare others pain on looking at your gooey eye ;)
@kippygo with ne'er a cellulite dimple in sight 
@vavroom thats ok I have eye fillet coming in about 6 minutes 
@crispyteriyaki LOL! best mind you words! 'specially around these parts!  ????????
@lorennn i just rofled. seriously. splahed in your eye. classic loren  still laughing
He said the way my blue eyes shine, put those georgia stars to shame at night.. ok my eyes are green. but whatevre 
@DidITweetThat yes umm she is some pretty good eye candy.  
@loris_sl We ignore them at our peril. But never fear, our friends are keeping a close eye on them and bark loudly to scare them off 
@shadownhoney  No worries, it'd be an eye catcher in your home plust I reckon it'd be funny. 
yes, I may have always had eye site but now I have vision....to see what my life can truly be because of me. 
@lrcn me too hunny  but we will talk tomorrow... I need some shut eye gnite http://myloc.me/2zq
@omgseriouslywtf well u have to keep those gorgeous eyes in shape 
Annnnd I now have temporary eye contacts  omg  I can seeee! I get colors in one week. :o)
@judgenap the heavy hand of govt, a govt with large and aweful eyes in whose heart there is no love 4 freedom, on whose face there is no 
Hey everyone! The training is over... What an eye opener! I'm so excited right now 
@mz3ll3n awww it'll be forever anniversary for both of you. at least in my mind. 
third eye blind was incredible and brittany &amp; i shoved a bitch. 
@kluless65 I do like the real tiny spiders that jump around and have eyes too big for their heads.  
@tracysummers04 hehe i must of read your mind 
I had a very lovely night. In bed with the apple of my eye  haha
@J_JPerez i hate it too. my allergy isn't very serious but i hate sneezing and i hate when my eyes are red :/ luckily i'm fine now 
So early to be woken up by being poked in the eye  *sigh*
@donniewahlberg We know you always have us, the fans, in mind. 
@gonadman77 can i have some of the eye fillet 
@RAZNKN I'll keep you in mind but I really do want to learn to play. 
@ultraspy http://twitpic.com/21af2 - aww I love close ups of cat eyes and noses  
@TessMorris  wow, i am better 2day i don't look like i have been punched coz the swelling round my eye has gone down so i am happy 
@anneecon all my kids have pink eye too 
@isaacsarver just go to the polls, close your eyes and point.  im sure it will all work out.  
@keekees you read my mind!!!!!!! 
@crazytwism I shall keep an eye on it then 
Hahahha tooo much eye liner!! 
@LeeCollins Just wondering how those big mirrors are effecting your vision. I'm just sayin 
@threeparts you just read my mind on what i was going to ask 
@dylpickles  you read my mind.  i made biscotti! 
@thuybee no i havent lol he's just my eye candy. for now  ha riiiight.
@vbandi great minds think alike 
the optometrist was nice today  although he put it eye drops that dilated my pupils and made me look like i was on drugs :/ it was scary!
@ddlovato my state of mind has finally got the best of me 
I just saw wolverine last night, and it was awesome! (definitely has a lot of eye candy) 
eye doctor...then...nothing i guess 
@SuzanneKaye i never remember to shoot with cropping in mind, so i hate 8x10's too! 
@tedfu i spy with my little eye.. 100 NGs 
@zeebaby19 i'll keep that in mind then 
listening to third eye blind  i wish i was into this when i was a kid.
@sweetashoneey  I agree, we have some great minds!
I dun lost my mind, 
@steveorrell Ah, will bear that in mind if I attempt it again. 
@nathankavumbura lol its an eye op was tryin to be sophisticated... 
@blottedcopybook ah. No need to panic...he'll grow out of it no sweat. It's her you'll need to keep an eye on 
ouch. i just poked myself in the eye with my tweezers. plucking eyebrows = bain of my life 
@riellygorawr303 bacon shoots out of my eyes sometimes...lmao 
love on my mind 
Maatchbox twentyy  I blinded my right eye with eye makeup remover
@trace_D_cyrus http://twitpic.com/4e96b - the feather under your eye is amazin 
when some one you know gives you lemons ... cut them in half and shove the     F-ers in their eyes. ( thatll make you feel beter) 
Shes on my mind 
@KingSaul21 I seen it too...OheMGee he was really losing his mind.. It was really hard for me to watch. I hope he stays sober 
@mitchelmusso you're on my mind as well 
@piginthepoke  Lol  grey skies as far as the eye can see, which is about 20 yards 
@dannywood My mind is going to the gutter 
@udupendra I'll keep that in mind when he gets tonked for 40 off his 4 overs. 
@infovestment LOL, very true. I've been keeping an eye out for that - they arent very tech savvy so I've been alright thus far 
has made up her mind..... 
@kricket_rc234 haha  yup. but still have a terrible headache and super swollen and puffy eyes! i dont think im going out today.ugh!
@AshLaws You know what they say about great minds... 
There mite be a article in the trib bout portia, keep an eye out for it. 
I think that's our first proper contact with each other. It was amazing and brought a few tears to my eyes 
going to watch a dvd with hubby,'Eagle Eye', twit u all 2morrow, cia 
just bought a really nice eye mask for a masquerade. 
@CTesdahl the internets are happy your eye is feeling better as they are largely a visual entity 
@gregbarnett Have a screaming migraine. Going to close my eyes &amp; see if I can't sleep it off. But good otherwise. 
@jordynj so exciting! i'll be looking for you in the tabs 
More than a blink and more than you think 
@jasimmo I need to go soon, eyelids drooping, but I said I'd be here 
Just bought the cooooolest present for @eye_an  he's definitely gonna love me lots more. Mwuahahaha.
@jenbishopsydney No worries  I'll keep my eye out then
@MrFloydNL cool, i've been keeping an eye out for it but as 3 days has gone figured i'd ask you 
@znedsfox @softletters tate was that way, too. he liked to poke himself in the eye with the other one.  or put it between his toes. 
I think i just might have made up my mind. 
@mgprot but will need the services of an eye surgeon 
@gailkingsbury that just gave me a warm fuzzy.. eye of the deer 
Watching eagle eye. 
@julietteko What did you have in mind? neenz@alltop.com I figure more than 140 
@richiety ha! I would have never guessed, especially not an eye drop medicine 
well i drew an eye for my background , enjoy 
whats the word for the whole picture?  close my eyes and open my mind to it
@lalayu It's ok you can still twitter w/ 1 eye 
i thought black eye peas broke up ? and went solo ? :S ahh anyway, i lovee  emm 
@Chelseuh17, I'm keeping an eye on you to make sure you don't do something stupid. I'm outside hiding in your bushes...shhhh 
prom blew my mind, and so did he 
@BXDIAMOND I have a perverted mind, do you still want to know? 
yay i won the mac eye shadows ! 
Watching eagle eye... Finally 
Just saw this here and it made me smile  http://twitpic.com/5eye2
Ooohohoo i cant sleep. too much on my mind!! 
you tried, but failed at holding back your smile.. - 'your eyes don't lie' -@DavidArchie song's stuck to my head ) love it 
@KankzXD well keep that in mind when you watch the doco 
@Timshol_lv role models went down well dude ,,,,,, a whispering eye LOL 
getting me fish eye lens.    &gt;(_^_=_(')o hhah that was ment to be a fish.
@TdMPhotography cheers  - will keep an eye out for your order and get some freebies in there
@velvetella caught my eye in tK so i bought it  how's you? X
lmao i am soo proud of my eye makeup..i almost cried  XD
http://twitpic.com/5f8l7 - @weeyin13 you must have read my mind just pulled these out of the cupboard 
Just opened my eyes ahhhhh smell the money 
@elaraj I couldn't do eye liner on a bus 
eye appointment then seeing my favorite person! 
@LostInInaka I'm trying to add in prizes in the not too distant future so keep your eye out 
@JoeM1108 say whatever is in your mind. What you're doing,eating,seeing,listening,feeling 
@robocallaghan  I'll keep my eye out for that special cuckoo 
@jeffjose but yes, count me in, what do you have in mind? 
what the new eye crushes 
@kalebsoundsok  Lays me down with my mind she runs...... 
I think I just opened too many tabs.... 
eye vant too zlap @spellingsquad w/ my dingaling 
@PritePriteGood great minds think alike 
@jamesmunoz you must me my long lost twin brother. i say that too when i can't sleep. plus good looks and awesome eye wear in common too 
@DavidCousens ahh well on the plus side you still have the runny eyes to look forward to! 
getting bang out of my eye and getting ready to go outside to play. 
@marybeth494 @toadrn have to keep calories in mind too 
@knowvacancy LoL what a sight that would be to see.....   
I cant get your smile out of my mind, i cant get you outta my mind, i think about your eyes all the time, beautiful but you dont even try 
Where is my mind? I find myself asking that more and more frequently 
@Lexii1121 but keep in mind that i heart you 
@ChiperSoft true, but eye candy is eye candy.  
@30stshannonleto sounds good!  I know i saw a hotel not far from london eye earlier too going to check that out too and will let you know 
http://twitpic.com/660w8 - So, I was walking along and to my surprise, I caught someone's eye 
keepin my eye to the keyhole  
I have hellah bad eye sight. To the point where I can hardly read street signs--thats why I get lost 
and got my glasses cause my eyes were feeling a bit ick... and put warm slippperrrsss on 
Oh ya my eye doctor warned me about that. I will definitely not be sleeping with them in! 
@qclindalou good morning  my eyeballs hurt...i should've listened to you!
