Most common words for this cluster:
[('eyes', 457), ('tears', 10), ('lol', 8), ('x', 6), ('ears', 6), ('puffy', 5), ('watery', 5), ('allergies', 5), ('com', 5), ('itchy', 5), ('marley', 4), ('circles', 4)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'eyes', 0.9950948357582092), (u'Wretched_mortals_open', 0.6479265689849854), (u'eye', 0.6476299166679382), (u'ears', 0.6159218549728394), (u'gaze', 0.5981423258781433), (u'Eyes', 0.5845897197723389), (u'cheeks', 0.5839099287986755), (u'beady_eyes', 0.58256995677948), (u'lips', 0.5821991562843323), (u'pupils_dilated', 0.5740808248519897)]





i got smoke in my eyes, now they burn 
@kimberley_ lol awww!  I want a cuddles now  you almost made my eyes  leak. love you too &lt;3
My eyes are burning 
urgh! what is wrong with one of my eyes? it's stinging and watering! 
Allergies make my eyes watery and painful. 
My eyes hurt... 
awake... I feel like my eyes are going to fall out of my face they are so heavy... i dont want to work 
My eyes are so sleepy 
my eyes are extremely swollen. i couldn't get to sleep.. blame me. 
Ugh. There are dark circles around my eyes. 
@PapaLazarou that made my ears and my eyes very sad 
I cant keep my eyes open!!! so sleepy 
my eyes are swelled again... 
@girlwithnoname shit! i don't have blue eyes 
feeling tired, eyes hurt 
my eyes are itching like hell 
@TheLoungeReport yeah I guess I will keep my eyes open 4 the female  lol
just bawled my eyes out to marley and me 
Just got up, my eyes are huuuuurting lol 
c'est la vie!!you can't always win his eyes 
i don't remember my eyes ever being this puffy. I guess days of crying does that to you 
Has itchy eyes...allergies suck 
is ready to go home, my eyes hurt 
@seblefebvre i did cry.unknowingly. just found my eyes wet. so sad when marley died. 
@TabithaSnow It's true... I don't have mad dollar sign eyes... I have sad eyes 
@JustinMGaston my eyes are watering too..., but i do know why 
my eyes hurt 
is mongoloid don't fart on pillows. having pussy eyes isn't very fun 
ah. worst migraine ever, couldn't even open my eyes. 
when im with him i am thinking of you, i wish i was looking into your eyes 
My eyes hurt 
i think katy perry's eyes are scary.   she can't sing that well 
my eyes really hurt 
my eyes are itching  .. listening to miley's full circle.
@Broooooke_ i cry my eyes out in that part  i cry my eyes out in the whole movie... haha x
so tired. sitting in a smoke-filled cafe is so not good for my eyes and nose 
I have 2 sore eyes now  oh well off to work
my eyes are swollen like balloons 
my eyes are burning. 
I've lost my moon eyes 
@Geeno33 no it scared me and made me think you collect eyes or summit 
running nose. teary eyes. sore throat.. 
my eyes are hurt really bad 
my eyes hurt 
has the itchiest eyes on the planet 
again, my eyes are hurting 
my eyes hurt!! 
*rubs eyes* 16 minutes, is that all!? stupid so-called 'nap' 
huge bags under my eyes 
my eyes hurt 
@eyes tried to twitter you one, unfortunately didn't work 
my eyes hurt  can i make it til 1:30??
itchy eyes 
my eyes are hurting so much 
@ryblackattack and i'm sorry i made your eyes hurt bb 
My eyes hurt... 
@laurelexmachina awww I wish I could have been there  I'm stuck here about to jab out my eyes with knitting needles
I just really want to sleep butmy eyes won't let me 
i really want to marry leighton meester. damn, can`t take my eyes of her. 
My eyes hurt. 
@AlexisTai please don't roll your eyes. I can't handle that.  *cries*
toooo much outside killen my eyes 
@FTSKirstin shoooot me. my aunt will be home soon and im crying my eyes out 
My eyes hurt 
So flippin tired my eyes hurt 
my eyes hate me today.....stupid allergies. im chillin at home in my glasses with itchy, watery eyes 
I'm getting old... It's only 1 and I can barely keep my eyes open 
my eyes are closing 
grr my eyes are watering soo much 
at KROOKZ with PREDUCE team!! my eyes still watery 
my eyes are fooling me... blinded by you. damn! 
@jamesrampton I know that feeling! I've got a bastard behind the eyes 
i hateee hayfever! can't go outside cos my eyes are sore and keep watering 
O-O my eyes are all droopy  too early.
My eyes hurt.. 
I should be looking into @markhoppus eyes right about now 
I hate crying myself to sleep 'cause then my eyes are all puffy the next morning 
my eyes r sooooo beat red right now, they hurt 
finding it very difficult to keep my eyes open. 
my eyes are so saw 
my eyes are soo tired. and red. . . i feel pooped.  ..
Relaxing.....just put drops in my eyes....ouchie 
i just wish i could sleep but i cant i just dont know what to do!! im tired but i cant close my eyes and just sleep. 
With Tears in my eyes! 
I spoke too soon. I've just woke up with two big, red, puffy eyes 
My eyes hurt 
Just about cried my eyes out leaving frisco 
my eyes r hurting :| 
been reading all morning. my eyes are hurting now 
My eyes look awful.  
My eyes itch so much I want to rip them out 
Cycling though fields + hayfever = swollen itchy eyes  booooooooo
Putting prep h under my eyes bc I heard it reduces swelling and waiting for @nickmaccarron to get here and hold me while I cry 
i've got a really runny nose and itchy eyes  hayfever = horrible!!
@Applecored what I do now?  poor me *sympathy* *big eyes*
My eyes still hurts badly 
my eyes are stinging now 
My eyes hurt so bad  zzz
watching the hills, ready to cry my eyes out, i don't want lauren to leave 
eyes hurt from cryinss  dont watch me doe.
my eyes all f***d up 
@Reynolds_x my eyes are stinging soo bad 
@fbkay no  my eyes are killing me
I am so tired i can't keep my eyes open  i need to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeP ZZZzzzz
I can barely keep my eyes open! The bed is calling, but I can't answer it! 
aaarrrrrrrrrrggggghhh itchy eyes! damn you hayfever 
i'm listening to your eyes don't lie. i wish i can whistle just like david during the concert. 
hates streamy eyes and snuffly nose  I'm never going outside again
@esteffa i know right.. my eyes were like this O_O then came the frown 
Depressed!  cryin my eyes out!
either my eyes are messed up or my monitor is .. I can't tell because I'm too nauseous already. 
can't read any more legislation  my eyes are tired.
Working.... my eyes hurt     i need to take off my contacts asap.
@manudaprincess sorry to hear about that  I'll keep my ears and eyes open for you.
Sleeping with my eyes open, sitting at my desk, appearing to work. It's not very effective. 
why can't tears come out of my eyes 
my eyes are tired. 
My eyes are leaking, i cant do this no more 
my eyes are so bloodshot 
@accusing_eyes I'm exhausted but I can't sleep either. 
I actually think my eyes are fucking up 
is trying to stay up but.. my eyes are burrrning... 
my eyes are itchy 
my eyes are stinging 
Ahh, my eyes are so itchy 
Oh, i feel my eyes heavy, and dry, and red. I hate that late spring allergie 
One of my eyes is puffy and the other isn't 
omg my eyes are pure stinging and watery 
@cwtch they seem to have made my eyes even drier! I hate pollen 
@Thefabfour eyes are itching... hayfever 
My eyes are sore 
sore eyes are the worst thing 
my eyes - are really really - tired 
eyes are red and puffed up.   will probably be in to work tommorrow.really good then lol
My eyes hurt from starring at the screen too much 
@JessiJaeJoplin --yess and it's murder to my eyes lol 
awake and off to work with itchy eyes .. thanks hayfever 
soooooooo tired... my eyes r soooo itchy 
uggh my eyes hurt 
eyes ...pleeze just this onece let me cry... i wan't to i promise 
My eyes are all itchy watery and squinty 
I woke up to my dogs barking... eyes feel like they're going to fall 
I am sooo sleepy ugh i can't keep my eyes open  i shouldn't have stayed up so lateee...  :/
my eyes are so watery i cant see very well  damn effin allergies!
My eyes are hurting and burn 
Note to self: dont rub eyes after cutting habenaros  
My eyes hurt 
It really hurts to close my eyes   
Going for a little sleep....can't keep my eyes open 
your eyes stare and they're staring right through me, you're right there but its like u never knew me.. 
@MakeupBag I'm freaked out by them,but I might go for a touch in the crows feet now forming around my eyes 
so much sun. not really used to it. my eyes hurt 
About to cry my eyes out 
@JenniferOhJenni just never use the bathroom with your eyes still closed and you'll never have to find out 
going blind..  my eyes hurt so much
i am still awake argh i can't sleep i can't shut my eyes 
My eyes hurt 
My eyes are hurting! 
just watched marley and me. and bawled my eyes out 
Trying to keep reading who knew it would be so sad...my eyes are burning 
my eyes are tired 
Ugh i barely could see. I can't believe my eyes are still dialcted 
I'm starting to have panda eyes 
bloody red eyes, ouch 
My eyes burn 
@abrahamjam i sware my eyes were getting all watery! 
is unable to open eyes 
needs to go back to sleep .. that or some matchsticks to keep my eyes open!!  x
my eyes hurt 
I should go to bed. If i have anymore fucked up dreams tonight, i may very well dig out my eyes with a screwdriver. 
eyes are puffy  its not even sunny!!!!
my eyes are all red and blotchy 
@patzilla83 ...and i would have X's for eyes 
I have hayfever so bad,my eyes are sooooo itchy!  
I look right and you stare back... I'm finding refuge in your eyes, so why do you come by if you're leaving? 
gahhhhhhh neeed my bed .. my eyes hurt 
i don't feel tired, but my eyes say otherwise 
my eyes hurt 
Whatever is wreaking havoc in my nose and eyes needs to stop.  
@angel_eyes085 it just started pouring here 
my eyes are painful  whenever i look at the screen.
@rosalindisnice robots are cool until they get red eyes but you and i dont know about that 
My eyes hurt 
@simonb3 you can stab out your eyes, but you can never gouge out your minds eye 
my eyes hurt 
don't know what happened but one of my eyes is swollen and sore  ouch!!!
@laurakim123 Even my eyes are sore when I move thm 
@rjdennis TYVM. It really does bring tears to my eyes just thinking about all the suffering she goes through. 
my eyes are killing me. am very sleepy and have yet to finish studying! 
got really bad hayfever eyes and nose and dunno how to get rid of it  hellpppp
my eyes burn 
my eyes hurt i think its something wrong.. 
@farruggiagreys It's really bad when the sad eyes don't work 
eyes and throat are itchingggg 
my eyes hurt now 
my eyes are swollen 
my eyes feel strained. 
feeling so sorry for myself, i have conjunctivitis, really bad, my eyes look minging 
@ihearthoneybee I have tired eyes too 
I think I may have messed up my eyes. 
my eyes are all watery from onions! 
My eyes don't want to stay open but I really want to read. 
just had the wool pulled from my eyes &amp; now sees the light....so numb 
@jonaskevin are your eyes ok now? 
my eyes hurt. so bad. 
sooo tirrrrred it hurts to keep my eyes open 
Invigelation is one of the most boring thing to do. I can hardly open my eyes anymore 
My eyes berair...  sore eyes ke?? waahhhhhh
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/7dx9p - amazing eyes! i luv blue eyes sucks that i have dark brown eyes 
has itchy eyes 
Yupppppppp it seems like I am coming down with a cold  I hate runny noses, soar throats, watery eyes, and scratchy ears.
my eyes hurt 
I'm really tired...and my eyes hurt 
Finding it difficult to keep my eyes open 
my eyes going all funny 
with the teardrops in my eyes 
my eyes are soooooo tired 
my eyes are pink 
my eyes are dryyy! 
tired. exhausted. cant even keep eyes open. 
My contacts refuse to stay put in my eyes 
has puffy eyes and is suffering from exhaustion 
One of my eyes is red 
my eyes are burning 
@ChrissyMBot you think YOU'RE sleepy!! I can barely keep my eyes open 
my eyes keep watering 
@ReginaPearl im checkin now...my eyes hurt 
is trying to sleep but cant keep my eyes closed.  x
editing is hurting my eyes 
urgh! my eyes are buggin me  hate alergies!
i think i need to go back to the hospital. my eyes are swollen now, and so bruised. 
hey yall my eyes sting like shiz!! 
has red puffy eyes today. it hurts.  http://plurk.com/p/11725s
if only i had blue eyes 
crying makes my eyes hurt too much. 
tireddddd!  my eyes burn.
Aww my eyes are really bad  i confused handss for havainas
My eyes hurt. I am such a failure. I can't even kill myself.    
gee my eyes are closing... 
argh my eyes sting again 
Trying not to rub my eyes-damn hayfever!  feeling hungry now must eat but dunno what....
seriously tired! i need my bed.. my eyes just won't stay open 
I can't see my screen...it's like someone has put a thousand flashbulbs infront of my eyes....all I have are blobs in my eyes 
@Philipmason has poorly bad eyes 
My eyes burn so bad! i woke up and they were like all red 
cant keep my eyes open  x
I'm rubbing my eyes and then see 4 or 5 eye lashes on the table...   I feel so restless.
can't forget your bright blue eyes, can't forget that moment they met mine. 
@giloi2009 It would take me weeks and my eyes would hurt  lol
My eyes are closing. I am sleepy 
My eyes are so red 
@emboosh heehe, i love jim  i just  burst. my tears came like horizontally out of my eyes.
@Starlighthair i hope you don't have hayfever/weak eyes  xxx
my eyes feel so heavy . 
eyes are dry and sore from tears 
My eyes are tired and i'm so tired! 
@colleenitis wasnt this where maknae got his eyes poked? 
itchy eyes.  
is still here. and her eyes are getting heavier...i'm starting to regret my decision already 
My eyes are bothering me 
just bawled my eyes out 
@RileyGates: I saw it.. :/ I BAWLED my fucking eyes out!!! 
@sombum haha i know i can never keep my eyes open  i miss you too we really badly need to hang soon!!
@charmmydoll nana. i'm just reading it through blurry eyes. from chapter 78 on... it's so horrible. 
aaah, so tired  eyes burn and make ouchies.
@blasha wallah my eyes are hurting 
I'm so tired my eyes won't stay open 
My eyes just started to become blurry. Not good 
L- soo tired... my eyes hurt but i can't sleep. 
@charmbracelet85    *puppy eyes
My eyes hurt, 
@keeda I doubt i could pull either off! Now there is only mischief in these eyes 
UP, my eyes hurt 
@outoutout There is...?  I guess it's getting too abstract for my eyes too! 
shampoo got in my eyes 
my eyes feel super heavy and gross. i want a delicious breakfast. i don't think i'm getting one.. 
Tears in my eyes....... sweet goodbyes 
@AlanCarr I dunno but mines eyes fell out  but its still living
my eyes are so sore  I just want to sleep some more
My eyes are itchy!!! 
so i feel so out of the loop with unique..  it makes me sad. im trying not to nap yet my eyes are beginning to feel heavy
this bitch so ugly she make my eyes hurt.... 
In your brown eyes I was feeling low 
Tears are falling from my eyes 
I'm exhausted  my eyes are closing!
I have humongous stys in both my eyes and they hurt like mess 
i'm so beat, its only 8:30 but i cant keep my eyes open 
@PriscillaF i bawled my eyes out during left behind  they were both soooo good
I think my eyes were bigger than my stomach 
so bummed out that i cant just blink my eyes and be where i wanna be 
k I'm bout to go to sleep, my eyes r drooping 
My eyes hurt 
My eyes are soo heavy.... 
Your eyes... I love your bright eyes very much. But this is the last time I can see them. 
my eyes burn 
my eyes fill with tears again 
Oh my god my eyes juSt don't want to open 
why why why, why why why why why, why my eyes don't feel good 
my eyes hurt me. and i hate my GLASSES theyre so annoying 
I could not sleep now I have huge circles under my eyes. 
@siphotwit kool eyes im not very good @making faces 
So memories passing my eyes so quickly. Why did it happen so quickly?! 
my eyes burn.. 
@YourStylist i kept my eyes peeled for you with no joy! 
@rcs2282 please don't let your eyes fall out. You will be ugly if you do 
Crying my eyes out. 
@itsalalaia *gets tears in eyes* i just need food 
There's only going to be one more bright eyes album? 
I just got soap in my eyes. IT BURNS! 
my eyes are swelling much lately. 
My eyes are burning from chlorine 
@polythenespam what hoes. my eyes hurt so freaking bad. 
I can't keep my eyes open anymore 
shawshank redemption made me bawl my eyes out. 
@vamps0 My eyes have been scarred 
my eyes hurt 
My eyelashes are longer than before. I was sleeping when they're put the extensions on my eyes hahahh ooh my eyes hurt 
when i woke up from my nap i had to take out my contacts, but they were like dried to my eyes  it was painful.
@colinkelly ofgs my eyes are all filled up here...poor woman! 
6 months since ive moved. &amp; i cant get these tears out of my eyes 
@OhSnapItsNicole hot  haha damn i missed it ;o aweee when you look me in the eyes is playing right now  haha
My eyes hurt so much!! And I don't know whyyyy 
my eyes hurt 
very very sore eyes 
My eyes sting. 
My contacts keep making my eyes red  I'm still wearing sunglasses and will just deal with the blurs
@Miekei my eyes are sore too. 
@nessa_dynamite tell me about it, my eyes are slowly closing 
My eyes are so itchy   I can't take rubbing them anymore.
is still waiting for 69 eyes but I think I've already missed them 
Crying her eyes out 
watching I am sam  crying my eyes outt lol
My eyes dying today    i'm going back to my old mascara
can..bearly..keep..eyes..open  x
My eyes are very itchy. 
I shouldn't of had all those redbullz, now I can't close my eyes 
black eyes are not fun 
ha ! you see what... white lines ?, im eyes are killing me 
my eyes fucking stinging btw. i just scratched/poked it. ooooooooouch 
my eyes are really itchy again! 
I'm so tired and my eyes are tearing but i can't seem to fall back asleep 
my eyes are burning 
@ekay_ i cried when they met.the close your eyes then she was gone 
putting on eyedrops.  my eyes feel sandy! 
@natneagle I have extremely dry eyes and lids specially so weird so when I put color it looks herrible.   
I really don't like the look of my eyes 
i'm about to passout. i think i'm slowly dying...  i can hardly keep my eyes open rite now.
My eyes burn 
My eyes hurt! 
my eyes hurt 
My eyes are burning so badly right now because of those onions 
my eyes hurt  so much chlorine!
Hating at the moment the hideous dark circles under my eyes. 
To dad: my eyes hurt 
my eyes hurt 
@Brattyhack no and yes, small keyboard and too mich bright light outside.  light sensitive eyes 
My eyes hurt. 
watchin some old b2k vids dat i recorded wen i was yunger bringin tears to my eyes 
Going to bed. my eyes are really itchy  ... i think i'm allergic to cats :/
@Momsmostwanted now all i can think about is having calluses in my eyes 
i should get more sleep. excess baggages are forming under my eyes. 
my eyes hurt 
eyes sting.  i need more effin sleeep ! demmit.
@scraliontis chances are they never will, Bill stabbed out their eyes 
My eyes hurt. 
sometimes I thing I love you . but then I look in your eyes and see that you hate me 
my eyes hurt 
itchy eyes 
In akhir husanah, my eyes still red 
I think I fell asleep with dust or cat hair in my eyes because I woke up with them looking puffy and swollen.  itchy eyes of doom!!!!!
eyes are hurting 
@itskatiee he got this chemical in his eyes that can cause damage 
my eyes burn. 
I cant sleep my eyes are actually stinging like mad 
my eyes hurt! yes my eyes! 
my eyes are extreamly red and i don't know why 
@NikkiVay I wish you would've warned me of that vid, I can't get the image of her eyes out of my head now.  So sad.
i have sore eyes  dammnn shampoo!!
My eyes feel like they're on fire 
my eyes hurt 
Looking into your eyes 
hayfever. go die.  my eyes are SO red! although, it is bringing out the colour of my eyes quite nicely. :p
just had dairy queen. . .and my eyes are really dry, they hurt! 
sneezing, runny eyes and nose... help? 
just watched marley and me and i balled my eyes out... it was so depressing to me, im going to be 
i can fall in those eyes like a water bed..!  But now i cant sleep 
ugghhh my eyes!!!!  trying not to itch.. arrgghhh damn you @hayfever !!!
@alisonhaislip I wish I had mutant eyes 
ouch my eyes! i have to get rid of this lenses 
my eyes hurt 
Hayfever is still with me this morning...woke up with itchy eyes and ears... this is not ON!!! :@ 
has dry eyes  http://plurk.com/p/13u2h1
this is why I get dark circles and baggy eyes 
So tired my eyes are blurry but just can't sleep! 
my eyes watering  it wont stop!!
My eyes are on the verge of falling out 
just woke up and my eyes are so red  i hate allergies.
@FatDaveonaBike gosh... i need to 'unthink' that now... my eyes my eyes my eyes 
@JonathanRKnight you close your eyes and pick one and hit reply. 
http://twitpic.com/3ixfe - look at the those beautiful blue eyes 
'i can't take my eyes off of you' makes me happy 
@mmitchelldaviss it's a pretty color, it brings out your eyes 
@AngelaVampire i like the picture, you have SIICK eyes! 
@Bobbiiee i have brown eyes and i like blue eyes 
you have awesome red hair, gorgeous eyes and an great smile  - http://ilikeucoz.com/m/1019 #youregreat
@kitlane your big orange ears, little pink eyes and nose look gorgeous to me! 
i cried my eyes out 
I shut my eyes to see. 
@nuttychris it tastes like fish eyes. 
@dumbblondy lol - in my bathroom? sharp eyes 
i'm lost in your eyes. you make me crazier. 
@andyclemmensen until they close their eyes for good. 
@joelloi eyes only la. boy, it will be okay. 
@AmyChatterton Couldn't take my eyes off you. 
@fewarechosen you have really cute eyes 
my eyes are burning that means im off to bed g'night 
can't keep eyes open....*shuts eyes* 
Almost dere  really tired eyes r really dry
I can't open my eyes properly, maybe if i sleep for a lil' while longer it'll fix itself 
@Aleener I don't know I closed my eyes 
@SookieBonTemps I know. And i need it. make goo goo eyes at each other. 
@EvanKopelson big smile. hard to beat cracked open and poured before your eyes! 
@jwendz let me know if you need some extra eyes to proof read!! 
@Embabe09 i love taylor swift eyes! dont know why thought LOL. its so beautiful 
@dannygokey totally do everything with your eyes closed...it would be funny. 
@modelscan You should not have any problems getting followers, ...while trying to look you in the eyes 
so were you to look at me right now you wouldnt know whether to laugh with me or avert my eyes, turn around in embarrsmnt 4me. 
*yawns* welp eyes gettin heavy...bout to hit them sheets, iight tweople have a good one! 
@Jessg85 if only it was that easy, that would be awesome! *closes his eyes aswell* 
I just love putting cucumbers on my eyes. 
@angiese ahuakakakakakkkaka  have you finished playing hide and seek with dantha's eyes?
@RockingtheRobin aww it's a kitty pretty blue eyes 
TGIF can't keep eyes open, my boss said i could go home early 
@high_moon happened to me before. printed them, and then never put my eyes on them ever again  still, made me feel good by then
@greyeyesgabriel   so what does grey eyes gabriel mean?
@DrAwab I'm all eyes and ears 
is captivated by the eyes of gorgeous-ness! 
@memoriesalive yeh I gave in, we cuddled and I sang him &quot;smoke gets in your eyes&quot; and he's asleep now... 
Put your hair in your eyes. 
@daphneblake Are lasers coming out of your eyes in that pic?? 
shorty got his eyes on me 
