Most common words for this cluster:
[('facebook', 606), ('twitter', 564), ('myspace', 91), ('http', 77), ('quot', 71), ('com', 58), ('i', 49), ('amp', 41), ('people', 34), ('today', 33), ('page', 32), ('friends', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Facebook', 0.9154895544052124), (u'Twitter', 0.8997505903244019), (u'twitter', 0.7921615839004517), (u'FaceBook', 0.7721930742263794), (u'social_networking', 0.7574978470802307), (u'facebook', 0.7497068047523499), (u'TwitterTwitter', 0.7455806732177734), (u'FacebookFacebook', 0.7407387495040894), (u'Twitter.com', 0.7172496318817139), (u'Follow_Acronis', 0.7123004198074341)]





is upset that he can't update his Facebook by texting it... and might cry as a result  School today also. Blah!
@ashman01 My only complaint about Facebook is they've changed it so much it's confusing 
Friendfeed beta doesn't appear to like my Twitter account  http://ff.im/-1Y0Zm
@TXBrad I need Coffee, lol, I saw you tweet this on McInTEC Net lol  it comes up before Mibbit, Mibbit is so slow on Twitter, it sucks 
@davidkudrev It's just a pity that Facebook Chat has exceeded even MSN's amazingly level of unreliability! 
Where's my 'search' bar? How come Aoife got one and I didn't? Twitter must like her better than me 
guesses that none of her buds have ever (or ever care to) build an app for Facebook... 
has no internet access and needs an iPhone, clearly, to keep up with Twitter. Life without Twitter is not the same 
Not like I'm an important presence on Twitter, but I will probably not be updating from the Internet until after I get married; too busy. 
Wants to find Digi on Twitter....I can't find her anywhere!!! 
Ads on twitter - y ruin a good thing   Google chief sings Twitter's praises, open to ad deal http://sbne.ws/r/1Lr
@Kyabean Facebook is so mean.  It kept giving me sister fits when she tried to sign up. Hm, maybe I can DM you the URL?
Daaamn it!!! Mikeyy! is back on Twitter 
Survey says I should not have used the Facebook email contact feature 
on Facebook &amp; msn ... bored tho  xx
I am determined to make Twitter my Daily source of documenting all my crap while my husband is gone to Nigeria 
Twitter is evil. It has made me forget about Facebook and keeping in touch with good friends. Feel bad 
Shozu doesn't seem to send pictures to my Twitter stream 
I have old Twitter UI 
@brianangelday26 no Brian!!! ur ma favorite...u cant leave Twitter 
is trying to work the Wireless on the laptop so I can enable cookies. It's annoying me. I can't get onto Facebook or THIS! 
Twitter API dead but website working nicely.. that sorta sucks 
@AlanCarr hahaha is Jodie Marsh on Twitter? Nicccccce i cant find her 
@dsmpublishing I would happily join you on Facebook, but that and MySpace are ultimately forbidden in my household. 
@BrownFamilyCats You'll be missed!  I've been delaying joining Facebook, but I think the kale recipe has tipped the scales in favor of ;b
Testing bit.ly to post to Twitter. Looking for alternative since idek.net was booted f/ Tweetdeck   http://bit.ly/kpgAY Chevy Peapod!
I wish my cousin Fabiola would join Twitter.....  
Tryna figure this Twitter thing out!  
@LewisBeechey I tried looking into setting up a connection between Twitter &amp; MSN so you could send/receive tweets in-game. Dead end 
#Tweetdeck 2.5 , I can't click on LOG IN to Facebook  anyone knows how to fix this?
http://tinyurl.com/dnzadw Facebook fanclub for #ASOT400 !!!!!!!    Only about 10 mins left 
Either I've broken Twitter or my Tweetdeck is playing up again. Had no updates for 10 mins. Was it something I said? 
Terrible dreams last night! Dreamed that I was on the funeral of my friend and when I woke up mail from Facebook came of his BDay today! 
@iledere Going to have a busy week, too. 3yo DS's birthday on Thursday, lots of preps, house full of guests. Not much time 4 Twitter 
[From FaceBook] Eric working at 3am  so much for sleep.
just went to buy a Twitter mug on Zazzle that imports all your followers onto it, very nice. But the delivery is as much as mug me upset 
@JBCP Facebook is blocked 
Something's wrong with the Internet!!!  The only site I can open is Twitter. (not that that's a bad thing)
1 of 4 Americans log into MySpace monthly. Every university in the U.S. is on MySpace: http://www.myspace.com/schools Most have no clue. 
@janettecrawford But but... my *job* is on Facebook! 
Still not liking Twitter... not nearly like I do Facebook. And, I still can't figure out how to get the icon for it on my BlackBerry 
   My phone can update Twitter and Facebook, yet it can't go on Youtube.
My Home Internet is down!  it will be back up soon n updates will be made on facebook, myspace, etc. Keep an eye out! Twitter is happening
@Robspace It's a Twitter client for Vista users. But I can't use it because of the error. I've tried re-installing it twice. 
Uhhhh......I have no idea what I'm doing. I miss Facebook already. 
@iCins :O Twitter is not bull! Myspace is bull! I don't understand it.  lol
Added Mozilla plugin for Twitter. Nice but not as nice as a working Gnome screenlet would be. 
Still prefers Facebook... even tho it's becoming more of a Gaming site.  
@RensaEC &quot;Selective Twitter Status&quot; I believe it's called. I've been capped out of fb, so all my updates happen from here 
Dammit, I said Brighton on Twitter. I deserve this wave of auto-follows 
Spam accounts on Twitter make me sad. 
Finally my Internet is back on, my friend has my phone so no Twitter or Facebook! I was going crazy! 
Another of my diminishing supply of mornings totally wasted on FaceBook and DSI 
twitter search is worse than being permanently cached in google search 
@escambia  Aww, but I liked your Facebook
@sywtt Already tried making a &quot;Becoming a Fan&quot; page (friends become a fan of becoming a fan), Facebook wouldn't let me 
@newmer First of all- you should still get a Facebook, Princess Hookah (new nickname, like it?).  I'm bummed I missed your drunkeness! 
@kimberley_ lol Alex actually went on Facebook and wrote a status thing and said i was fat  lol what an asshole xD
I want Brad on Twitter  
@superdaveyboy It's interesting watching via Twitter as you slowly go insane. :-P Chase is teh sickz, so I am up at 3 am. 
What up my tweets, another day in the ATL!!! Going to see if I can go the whole day and not be on Facebook 
@hannahfaulkes I know, my loss  Haven't got MySpace or Facebook - that's me trying to stay away from Internet LOL...
Whoops, 2nd person got on network and Internet slow as !@#$% now. ending Twitter cull now. I take it seriously - 787 to 750 (added too) 
Seesmic's facebook integration is cool, but it defaults to Facebook instead of Twitter. Two accidental statuses when I wanted to tweet 
@mattgarner on everything.. MSN, Twitter, Bebo, forums.... 
@bobshrunkle When I clicked on that link, I expected to see a picture of myself or my Facebook...something. 
My company moved us all to either T-Mobile or Verizon. Regardless, cell phone access to social sites like Twitter has been removed.  
Frustrated because the app to link Twitter and Facebook is not working 
@swfanworks I love Twhril. The only setback is that it doesn't have Facebook connection 
I have to say I much preferred the old iPhoto Facebook export tool. The new one sucks hairy donkey balls 
@unravel101 I didn't expect it to be a font that costs money.    I wanted to surprise her and make a MySpace promo gif for her new single.
Facebook! \/ Ah! David A. on GMA! WHOO! I`m gonna watch it! :bd So i have to wake up early. :q  :|
@NiteingGail searching for &quot;Pomeranian&quot; in Twitter, I saw your post. Thoughts &amp; prayers are with you and Pearl 
Can't get Twitterberry, Tiny Twitter or UberTwitter to work  everything was working fine yesterday.
@BeaWise  Can't get back to what? Mobile Twitter?
Twitter App on Facebook has stopped picking up my updates.  #fb
Think I broke Twitter on my Tumblr and Facebook pages. 
@clinton_kelly Nick Arrojo doesn't use Twitter? 
My bestfriend's getting addicted to Facebook's Pet Society! She said iv no time 4 her coz of Twitter. Now i know how she feels 
Facebook, Twitter, FMyLife, Cristian and Taylor Swift are all robbing my focus from my stupid outline 
@ALOliver that happened to me on Facebook tonight.    I hate spoilers.  #fixreplies
says Blocked ang Facebook dito.  http://plurk.com/p/tq4xi
Diggs are not going to Facebook atm. 
Diggs are not going to Facebook atm.  http://bit.ly/N52Ti
I am battling to find my way round Facebook, even though I am (almost) the geekiest person I know 
Twitter virou o novo Orkut brasileiro 
Looks like twitter learned nothing from Facebook over the past few years 
@sandymcilree Ahhh... now that he's on Twitter you wanna slam Alex? 
@SashiDashi Sashi!!! Twitter said I can't dm u cuz ur not following me. 
Ehh, and by Facebook I meant Twitter! 
GMail appears to be failing hard. search.twitter.com is saying that it is definitely down.  
@MadameAllen Ohh yeah I've seen all of your pics on Facebook! looks like you had well loads of fun! Jealous  x
@BridgetsBeaches Hey! What's Bridget's @twitter account name? She mentioned it on Facebook, but that user name doesn't exist. 
Attempting to find Cameron on the Myspace/Facebook circuits and failing miserably. 
is playing Farm Town on Facebook - addictive 
@brewstermax I would love to. But I think copyrights of Twitter and Apple would shut me down. 
@komcia Grono was good because of its discussion boards. Facebook sucks, because there's no profile customization capabilities 
@druey @woosang yeah flickup even tweets out ur pic in ur fav Twitter app, it's what I use for 365. But my iPhone is rotating wrong ATM 
I haven't checked Facebook in 36 hours 
@zoraone can u post the score on Twitter? Tag it #sulax? Some of us can make the game today 
@_M_I_A_ Bloody depressing stuff! You should see the hatred I got for putting up your latest video interview from MTV on my Facebook! 
At Ladro starting a new project: Twitter client in Silverlight 3. Wanted to call it Twilight but there's a codeplex project called that 
Twitter does not support Telstra SMS yet 
Today I went looking for people from Facebook to talk to about CIA project, but I ended up in a big empty building I guess they moved 
Twitter API is the bane of my existence. I always run out. 
@mlexiehayden No I don't  U'r banned from my Twitter and BBM for the rest of the nite...
Facebook doesn't seem to fully work on my ShoZu/Nokia5800. Says downloading constantly 
NOOOOOOOO!!!!!! i was just on Facebook! and some posted the winner of Survivor last night and I havent watched it yet! sadness! 
@lovelylisaj waiting rooms always stink too  Haha, ranting about the NHS on Twitter on a Monday morning, rather surreal
Facebook still not working! 
I'm so nervous about my guitar exam tomorrow.  &amp;I can't believe I got sucked into Twitter-world! Ofc, I pulled @Banaalne into it too 
@R3beccaF The Facebook apps are missing from the OU techie history 
I wish Panasonic was on Twitter so I could complain to them about their awful customer service rather than a phone call 
@SaifSiddiqui She's disappeared from twitter.  At least she's still on AIM and Facebook.
This is wrong..    Parents should not be allowed on Facebook...
@zacislost Ahhh crap! I replied as soon as the Twitter API served up ur tweet. Sincere apologies 
Have picked up a couple of viruses from Facebook- messages that say 'hi' are not friendly  go Norton go!
After thousands of years ngayon lang ulit ako nag-Twitter. College is heavy! 
I think I'm the only tweeter w/ over 1000 followers who still tweets from the Twitter website.  Can't download Tweetdeck at work 
Not that I see.  No email either   But for social stuff (Digg, FF, FB, Twitter, IM, etc.) it works great!
Been trying to broadcast from Twitter to Facebook using Flock but it's not working.. 
Wtf? I still dislike this FaceBook &quot;Poke&quot; shit.  I don't understand it's purpose. DELETE this future @FaceBook
@plmogan Thanks for trying to answer my question about trouble sending Twitter DMs from IE, but the link you provided didn't work. 
We were updating our logo and got bitten by a Twitter bug  http://tr.im/m6IM
Hahahaha. A Facebook quiz said that I would grow to be 6' 11&quot;. I'm not even 5' 3&quot;. 
Can't believe what Digg has done.  So much for trending Twitter.. 
the trending topics on twitter are very spammy lately. Twitter is turning into Myspace 
@Janetdawson2009 I can't find you on Facebook. 
My chat in Ustream isnt working! 
@Brad_King oh no!  I'm mostly posting them on FriendFeed...where they do show up...but they also get sent here to Twitter as well! 
Exploring twibble as a multi-account Twitter Manager, after Seesmic suddenly gave up on me...  
I really need to stop checking my Facebook every 3 seconds hoping there's a message from Kyle 
I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook 
Damn, hi Facebook ? what's wrong with you ? can't add photos 
@amazondotjon Can you ask Ryan why he stopped following me on Twitter 
is MySpace mobile free? or do u have 2 have credit... cause they are liers 
I didn't catch the Jonas Brothers Facebook Webcast...  It already ended when I logged in to my Facebook account... 
Facebook.com isint letting me change my profile picture 
I am so sad... How come Pooch Hall from The Game has not accepted my friend request on Facebook Yet 
@SocialVibe I have a FACEBOOK but I use MYSPACE and TWITTER the most. I hardly check my Facebook.. 
iLook struggles to make Outlook more social http://bit.ly/JjUdF looks interesting, no Twitter support? 
Facebook Farm town become slower and slower 
#Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook. 
@danielgrosvenor #Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook. 
Facebook decided I'm annoying or abusive because I add lots of friends. At least I have no distractions from coursework now... 
I need help Twitter world! Orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy? 
Why aren't we Facebook buds @MISSCOKASPLASH? 
I cant change my profile picture on Facebook 
oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayz, will build my Twitter Empire.... again....
Facebook won't load for me.  Damn it, I'm bored.
I had to unhook twitter from Facebook because all my Facebook cronies were complaining. 
Twitter's being lame and won't post my twitpic of Gucci and I 
 Twitter stop being a dick and let me change my background image!  (imagine a shiny NHL ring in the background)
The internet is just being a big fail for me today-- not only is Twitter its usual semi-flaky self, but Facebook and VRBO.com, too  Boo!
@whore_hay The Twitter Happiness score for sw00p is: 418. http://happytweets.com I think I dropped by 1 point since yesterday.  
New post and new LOLthis. http://loldollhouse.blogspot.com/ Also new RSS-&gt;Twitter problem. 
wish my Twitter Crush was here laid up wit me !! 
@hhking I hate having to endure baby pics on Facebook. 
Cannot stop listening to those two songs from Glee - they're both so darn catchy! Facebook is being a whore 
is also wondering what is going on with Facebook today.  Either it loads super slow or not at all.  
On MySpace and my apps arent loading 
@Jetsetter23 damn. I mentioned it about two weeks ago (here on Twitter) but I wasn't following you then 
Going to bed. I think Facebook is having some issues tonight--very slow and keeps logging me out 
@AnoopDoggDesai Facebook was so annoying today, wasn't it??  LOL  It's STILL slow for me.  
@TakeshaVictoria @aecarter doesn't like Twitter, so i have no clue when she'll see your Broadway tweet... 
For those who who have T-Mobile...Facebook is not looking out for you.  The New SMS subscribe button on peoples profile doesn't work yet? 
I was hacked at MySpace. 
can't add my new Twitter Background! HALP MEEE! 
dammm I wish I could go on Facebook D: This is terrabible!!! 
Cassadee Pope, Taylor Swift!!!!! Movies, Stress-Free, Youtube, Myspace, Facebook, Graduation..... (SAD) 
@humanzz @GhadaLancer @Haerviu @lujee @sadekhm really liked your conversation about twitter/Facebook. Wished I was there 
@flippy8490 I killed off my Facebook account so I'm no longer on there  Just here and MySpace.
@theendtime @flippy8490 I killed off my Facebook account so I'm no longer on there  Just here and MySpace.
Oh. Scratch that last tweet. It doesn't sync with your Facebook account. 
We're playing Buzz!, but everyone's going for me to make sure I lose early... as usual.  It's tough to be so feared.
waiting for Facebook to load. Slow internet is the worst 
I now mourn my right hand.Stupid game  Facebook owns me a right hand!!!!!!
I love that I can Tweet my thoughts without worrying about propriety. Facebook is WAY to public. I don't like hiding my true self. 
Aww, so sad,  a certain person from Bucknell tried to chat on Facebook with me, but I was asleep.      PK, we will talk later!  LOL
After 10 hours, it's time to get off Skype, log off Twitter and leave Tim's office to go home. I am tired and hungry and sooky, waahhhh 
Facebook wont let me upload pictures  cant u tell im doing everything to avoid my coursework xD
Facebook, you're not helping me today  I'm trying to upload my graduation pictures, but you're not being too receptive. C'mon, please? :'(
Oh dear. This twitter spy game thing: it's going to turn twitter into Facebook. I thought I'd escaped that crap. 
Finished photoshopping and now trying to figure out why Facebook won't let me upload it 
coming soon...a MySpace page!!  Even though nobody uses MySpace anymore 
@TheDailyBlonde Twitter Brothel... I am surprised it took this long. 
@fiafortune Thanks for the Spymaster DM spam. As if Facebook wasn't polluted enough with this stuff 
Facebook wont let me upload pics from my phone today  #fb
@sandkatt Facebook never behaves   It's a naughty naughty piggy boy.  But twitter has its own problems.  This wouldn't happen with Skynet.
After FaceBook it seems hackers are now behind my twitter password. 
@chewyfally Indeed! Darrell sent the invite on Facebook at the beginning of the month and it was hard to say &quot;no.&quot; 
@lutlucky I get that Facebook slowdown problem a lot, not when I log in but just doing ordinary stuff there 
@calire excellent, thanks very much for confirmation. It does say second on the Alexa's Facebook page, just shame page won't load. 
Facebook-ing LOL then botcha then house chores grrr somebody gotta do it   http://myloc.me/26BM
@djwhatt my other coworkers being &quot;Twitter, Myspace &amp; Facebook&quot;. I wrk frm home so u guys r my only social action during the day. SO sad 
My new Facebook profile pic is taking FOREVER 
@justinelorelle Aw, i'm so jel.  Put pics on Facebook of the new swanky NYC apt!
My Twitter Settings for changing my pix is not working 
@kathysena I am on Destroy Twitter. similar to TweetDeck...no av for me... 
Facebook isn't working...bad times! 
Nothing to see on Orkut. Nothing to see on Twitter.  
never log onto Facebook at 1am when you're desperate for the bathroom &amp; to sleep, 50 people WILL talk to you 
Rawr! Twitter isn't working for me! 
&quot;Internet Explorer cannot display (my Twitter home page)&quot; .... but my other net browsers do.   That's about 136 strikes against IE.  
@Jule425 Twitter was down almost through the entire show.  
ok, Internet, whyfore can't i get Twitter or Facebook or any of the like to load without timing out repeatedly.  not cool.
Access Denied! Those were the words on the Kidani Village staff/visitor computer screen this week when I was trying to login to Twitter!! 
@TomAllen1965 What's up with Firefox and Twitter tonight.  I have to use IE to get into Twitter tonight!  
Finally cracked and made one of those &quot;how well do you know me&quot; quizzes on Facebook.  I am so ashamed 
Thanks to all of my Facebook farts who sent me the score disguised as a friendly e-mail 
@destroytoday If Google ran it, Twitter would never be down. It would also get ads though. 
@KW2P But the crux is that FriendFeed has a much smaller user base. Only about 10% of my Twitter contacts are on FriendFeed 
So here is what happened. Tammy has convinced me about Twitter. Yay Tammy! I am still not fascinated about Facebook and the white walls 
@ATG I was. It appears that Twitter is re-adding/removing people tonight. Almost like a flood of adds/removes 
Creating a freinds list of the people that do/don't like bacon on Facebook. I will mute those that don't like bacon. 
Facebook is so laggy 
OMG....I just saw a pic of me on Facebook and my face looks really weird 
killed all my few microblogs, 
I'm no good at twitter it's too annoying.    Facebook anybody?
I can't upload photos on Facebook 
Just signed up for Facebook again, oh dear 
@erbins in the uk, Twitter SMS service currently only works if your on Vodafone 
Facebook seems to be broke 
Wanted to have finished this wee app in 12 hours. Twitter was down for 2-3 of those, and wasted an hour chasing a nonexistent OAuth bug 
is anyone else having problems with Facebook?  For three days now it won't load!!!! 
Only after I said WP doesn't support Twitter application, I found it's in the widgets.  Now I added it in my blog. 
Deleted Facebook off the phone, it was pissing me off way too much 
@DianaWinkley ....and WTF happened to Twitter &amp; Spymaster last night? I was just about to hit level 3 when it shit the bed 
@kamiNcali....and WTF happened to Twitter &amp; Spymaster last night? I was just about to hit level 3 when it shit the bed 
Facebook is so annoying! 
ShoZu app has improved since last I used it--but it still needs Tumblr and Twitter login fails 
Would someone send me the Mr Twitter Universe link...my computer crashed last night. 
I'm neglecting Myspace and having an affair with Twitter 
Is Facebook as slow as George Bush for anyone else today? It's about useless for me. 
@JohnGillette awww, Ustream hates me.... i can't view the session 
@MargotCross: I think the same hyper banning crew at Digg have come to Twitter. 
Is anyone's Facebook acting weird or taking forever to load? Everything else is working fine on my laptop except my FB  since yesterday!!
Spent too much time today conversing with an imbecile on Facebook who witters on about Bilderberg and &quot;private unelected groups&quot; 
@Justine_xxx I know that McFly are happy to be here in Brazil, but we fans wanted them to respond in Twitter ...we are sad 
@tommcfly I know that McFly are happy to be here in Brazil, but we fans wanted them to respond in Twitter ...we are sad 
@plc +1000! this ain't Facebook 
Apparently Rev. Falwell didn't appreciate some of my &quot;fat jokes&quot;-so as punishment he made Twitter eat my avatar pic so I'm stuck with his 
Fucking hell, I think I am addicted to Facebook 
Facebook is rather SLOOOOOOOOOWWWWW ..... Damm it! 
Flock's being stupid.  -_- Not uploading the pictures to Facebook, the piece of crap. And, TwitPic isn't uploading either! ARRRGH
Facebook giving me problems tonight.  I can't upload pics from the service tonight!
Twitter doesn't seem to want to update my new oAuth application settings 
Connecting Twitter and Facebook together... Got problem 
Is Twitter having some problems w follower-count? I'm not following 2,002 as the web-interface currently lists, it's 1,012 (via the API) 
Sprint sucks...I have been away from Twitter all weekend.  
@CocosButter If I wasn't at work, I'd peek in on your Ustream. But I have to play nice unfortunately. 
@ECHO_47 Twitter has been having background &quot;issues&quot; lately. 
@Shady76 I just found the video from Pauley on YouTube where she says how she's not on Twitter &amp; neither is MW.  She seems very upset. 
Cell phone is broken - if you need to get in touch with me it will have to be Twitter or Facebook style.. 
Facebook is screwing up so I'm going to hop in the shower for a bit then bring plants back outside. Frost is a garden's enemy 
Facebook is as slow as molasses again.  
Is there something wrong with Twitter again? I can't upload my BG-to-be!! 
I'm playing Scrabble with  friends on Facebook, only I can't cos it's region-locked and I'm in the US  Don't they know the web is global
Missing Texas hold'em poker play today.... Facebook apps down and unresponsive... 
 twitter has just turned into Facebook thanks to spywars
@BMW yes, following story, heard about it here on Twitter, so sad 
Twitter Search is a great concept but broken as hell 
Facebook...if you're out there...listening...then hear this...you're gay!!! why you gotta be so gay...huh...facebook??? 
Facebook hates jay at the mo 
@ILikeBubbles Sadly MySpace has ruined this generation for personal photography. 
Facebook... AWWW  Give me twitter!
 Twitter on Xbox
@loopytoo I want Facebook but I'm not allowed 
Found Christian on Facebook. He accepted my friend request, but he didn't say anything. 
#XboxE3 Xbox Live hmm...I might have to dust off my Facebook account. ;) Also ace for having twitter integrated. Where's Myspace? 
Natal, Twitter, Facebook, and Last.fm ... I am glad i got an XBox, but still no Hulu or Web Browser 
@katerinafiore I kept missing you on Facebook 
Damn you, Facebook!!! 
I hate when my parents go out of town. I slept in late, didn't go to school, and now I am on Twitter. Wow. I need sleep, too! Insomnia. 
@citycynic  they also blocked Facebook again too 
Facebook wont work! 
@SmittnbyBritain Ooh, that could be even worse than Facebook! I would surely torture myself with that endlessly 
Grrr... I hate Facebook sometimes... ran across someone's pics and a couple had my ex in them. 
@mitchelmusso Are you online? Pleease answar if you are.. I don't get any answar on MySpace 
Technology really doesn't like me lately, first my iPod now Twitter and Facebook 
Long day at work...Facebook is not working for me!!! 
Facebook and Twitter Xbox apps look cool, but can you build your own? XNA doesn't provide network access outside of XBL 
ughh! my TwiterFon( iPod app 4 Twitter) ISNT WORKING!! 
UGH... Twitter withdrawls. Internet not working on blackberry for some strange reason 
#xboxe3 Twitter/Facebook/Last.fm ...Where's Myspace? 
Facebook hates me. 
My office blocked Facebook... it's was inevitable I guess ... 
wonders why Liam Neeson is not on Twitter... 
If Robert Pattinson got any Twitter, anyone please tell me? I'm just dying to find him. 
I am pretty pissed because my Facebook account was disabled for no reason today! Not cool! 
Facebook is a stupid mother fucker. End of story. Not legit Facebook, not legit. 
@zipster08 I think a lot of sites are down right now. Facebook is acting funky for me and worst yet, I can't look at my audit for school 
@Kezxx I need more twitter friends, or i'll just have to result in Facebook! 
#TwitHive seems to be a cool Twitter App. Looks like  the small TweetDeck Web Edition ... cant yet upload images  http://twithive.com
Twitter won't let me upload my own BG image. 
I think this got lost in the post  &gt; http://rfly.me/mm / Plunked for 10 day delivery. Now 13 days and counting. (@Twitter and @Threadless)
ah shit, looks like Twitter has been GFWed in China 
@shioyama you mean, Twitter is blocked in *Taiwan* as well? w-o-w!  #6489
Why does #Twitter still say &quot;from web,&quot; when I'm tweeting from #Snaptu? I suffer from #OCD. Things like that bother me. 
working, logged on 4 Pam- didn't realize how long it's been....not big on Twitter yet 
had just accidentally closed her Facebook page  http://plurk.com/p/xvfg1
hmmm... Twitter banned from China, so sad  but here we r tweetin, a loophole, try via streamy.com
China blocks Twitter? it must be tough trying to be tendy in china 
China Blocks Twitter . ha twitter must feel likee me rejected 
China Blocks Twitter...why am I not surprise  http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSTRE5512HT20090602
In solemn respect of the 20th Anniversary of the Tiananmen massacre, China blocks Twitter, Flickr, YouTube  http://bit.ly/1xhbS (pathetic)
China blocked Twitter? wel that sucks 
After blocking Youtube and Blogger website, China also blocks Twitter, Flickr, MsN, Hotmail and Live.com. So sad 
China blocked Twitter? well that sucks 
China blocks Twitter. Hmmm.. They already blocked Plurk. I feel bad for them.  I heard Youtube's blocked too. What else? Facebook?
just noticed that Facebook stop importing my flickr uploads 
China Blocks Twitter and Iran blocks Facebook... 
Facebook functions for DSi, cool. I'm liking this user generated segment, oh wait, she said no more on that 
Aww.. poor China peeps can't use Twitter anymore! ... 
@jazzzyone I USE Twitter more, but normally get more feedback off something I post via Facebook... Kinda still a tie I guess 
Facebook: Leigh is at home. didn't go to the truth project tonight  but I did find the car that I want.
Twitter is blocked in China now.  Support EFF and ACLU because censorship and being less free is no fun!
@moonrat Via @boingboing, China blocked Twitter and most other social media sites. 
Tried to tweet my live Ustream, but Ustream still isn't working seamlessly  Recording at  http://ping.fm/CAcZ9 soon
Tried to tweet my live Ustream, but Ustream still isn't working seamlessly  Recording at  http://ping.fm/CAcZ9 soon
I fail at answering my friends questions in their Facebook quizzes 
China is blocking Twitter 
Facebook told me I'm not going to grow any taller than I am now. This is incredibly upsetting. I don't want to be 5 FT. forever 
@Jen2Squared I don't feel good.  I hope you didn't pass me your illness via Twitter.  I have completely no voice, and my throat is sore. 
Wasting my time at Facebook... 
Agyness Deyn deleted her Twitter page. 
Searched Twitter for Neighbor Discovery Protocol (NDP): http://tinyurl.com/oh9ury 
30 mins online - wading thru Facebook-LinkedIn - anxious to finally see the neurologist today, today plane accident exactly 12 weeks ago 
[new] Searched Twitter for Neighbor Discovery Protocol (NDP): http://tinyurl.com/oh9ury  http://is.gd/MZ1F
@xandrique Why aren't you on MSN or AIM or Facebook? 
I did the Chinese Character test on Facebook and pressed 'submit'. It said 'the page you are looking for cannot be found'. FML 
Twitter Search appears to be down and I don't even get a failwhale...  Anyone else having problems?
Just realised that my wonderful background on Twitter won't show in some places at all.  \Chrome/ #revalation
Twitter not attracting Gen Y'ers like socnets. bt y???? i real nt getting this.   
&quot;Twitter not attracting Gen Y'ers like socnets.&quot; bt y???? m really  nt getting this point.  
missing my daily dose of Scrabble on Facebook 
Facebook has collapsed for me again  This is up via twitter, actually useful for once #fb
At College, just caught up on missed tweets. Not on top of my game, Twitter wise, of late. 
I hate Facebook it should be called Spambook...the spam is way worse than Myspace grrrr 
joined Facebook in order to test some stuff 
Farewell to fellow Twitter-ers in China  the Chinese Govt just banned Twitter, Flickr &amp; many others http://budurl.com/9yfa
@the_chaser_ just to let you know, i've been trying to add you on MySpace, but nothing yet so far 
cant get on Facebook 
Between Facebook and Twitter,ill NEVER get any work done  *heavy sigh*
Shirts are available on sale...website not working yet...bummed      check out MySpace/bringthemhomeinc to check shirt
@thfanvee I'm pissed the H&amp;M advert on Facebook doesn't have any TH. 
Maya Griffin made me get a Twitter!!!!!!!! 
@Haniie that was nice of her. Tom still hasnt replied on Facebook  x
playing Scrabble with Sal on Facebook.  Getting beaten yet again 
i won't be able to Myspace, Tweet, Facebook anymore because i'm going to Louisiana and my mom doesn't have internet 
Finished payroll, paid my own bills and now heading to Facebook for a few minutes.  Not much time left for sleep 
@RayTNartey I'm never more than 10 feet away from mine  The Blob cussed me for my BB and Twitter addiction as well 
@YaGirlLovesMe awwww I'm still there (get back on) lol... I've neglected my Facebook... 
Darn, Facebook removed the poke feature! Now I can't ganggu random girls anymore.. 
Facebook will not let me upload picturess 
Qik Adds YouTube, Twitter And Facebook Auto Uploads to BlackBerry. http://tr.im/nzBh Too bad it's still not on the Storm 
I am trying to edit a story but I keep taking Facebook quizzes that my friends are doing 
@stellicorn @weirdontop I can't get it to work.  I'll just have to do Stellina's trick of copying from Facebook!
Cindy Sheehan came into the McCain office today...no day is dull in the office.  p.s. what is this Twitter being down for an hour tonight 
have got a basketful of new followers that I cannot add ... in Twitter Jail  what to do?
this sucks: Neil Gaiman has over 500,000 followers on Twitter. I have 111. 
I am still fighting Verizon high speed internet with intermittent connectivity. I will be surprised if this even gets posted to Twitter. 
trying to upload photos to Facebook is like pulling teeth, either the Java fails to initialise or the page times out. Fucking hell 
We were going to swim, but the pool is closed.   and FaceBook is a piece of shit that doesn't work half the time.
@ggypsy Large, your picture is ADORABLE. Small, it reminds me of the Facebook pic of a homophobic ex co-worker of mine! 
Twitter on iPhone: tweetie = functional and stable. Twitterfon = pretty but crashes. Neither allow profile picture changes 
I'm really proud if Abigail for getting a Twitter. And I'm super bummed we couldn't hang out today. 
You die, tragically, in Thailand.  And you get something like this from a 'friend' on Facebook:   What sad, pathetic creatures we are.
Sad that @news10_ca deleted my comment on their Facebook on @sacramentopress - I thought News10 was better than that 
Upgraded my BB Facebook App from 1.5 to 1.6 now its not working  wondering where to download 1.5, I want to rollback for now. Sigh.
Upgraded my BB Facebook App from 1.5 to 1.6, now its not working  wondering where to download 1.5, I want to rollback for now. Sigh.
Awww no Twitter for an hour? Daang that sucks 
Whee, Twitter is back online! I was afraid I'd have to update Facebook manually. 
Having trouble uploading photos to Facebook.. 
Hahha fail. NC is being stupid today due to Twitter maintenance. 
's Facebook page isn't working 
@ankita_gaba hain? abhi to tweet kiya about Killzone being an addiction? Anyways, I'm also in Twitter detox 
When I see spammers following me, I really wish Britney hadn't joined #Twitter 
Has given up trying to learn how to play Texas Hold em' poker-Facebook style as a result of loosing all her cyber money 
@Mangowe twitter web locked me out, so not just twitter apps 
Missing Twitter/Plurk. I can barely visit them cuz of my  sad conn at home
And Brittnay says she hasn't got Facebook  http://www.aidenmckenna.com/uploads/81f55308c0d32614f7607a67c6e85091.png xo
Is unwell &amp; Sam isn't talking on Facebook chat! 
I've just read about the last episode of Prison Break on @samyantha's Facebook. I don't think I will ever get over that little occurrence 
Facebook keeps throwing errors at me when I try to accept charity invites. Guess I'm not allowed to be charitable. 
I can't vote for the Mr Twitter Universe thing! It won't load 
@kidscrafts I was kidding.. I'm married. But for some reason I inherited and can't seem to get rid of SpeedDate on my Facebook profile... 
@Suburbis oops, that one is in the other pic that I sent to Facebook 
Working at my parents' hotel. Facebook is blocked here. 
I know MySpace has a bad rep, but Facebook just CRASHED FIREFOX. It is irritating me to no end. I just want to upload pictures. 
How I wish Ethan Ruan would join Twitter. 
is at her Dads and has made a new acocunt on Twitter lol...Sun has gone in 
Facebook troubled too much..... Restricting me to play Mafia War  
Playing on comp today. Should be cleaning.  This more fun.  Chking out diff iPhone apps for Twitter. #twitteriffic now. Love it!
I'm reduced to putting &quot;bad stuff&quot; only on Twitter... My mother is finally using her Facebook account... She commented on a note I had. 
Everyone in Filipino 3 is writing on their Facebook's and not their final. I'm going to miss this class 
Twitter App in Facebook... klappt bei mir nicht 
So my Facebook account is disabled  Guess it's just Twitter for now! Hope I can get it up and running again soon!
Jonas Brothers YouTube Account suspended 
Belmont starts in a little bit. I'll be staying off of Twitter so I don't find out who wins. That happened to me in the Derby. 
@Tracy_Bishop not funny any more as the whole of Twitter is now laughing at me 
Not really in the Myspace-Facebook-Twitter-AIM mood  still sick
@MissAliH No it's not! Facebook is so much better! Twitter won't let me upload a pic, I don't get it!  lol xxx
@MsBrooklyn305 It onlyy give me an option to poke back blame FaceBook not my  (hopes da puppy eyes work!)
Twitter broke in the middle of my MS conference viewing... 
@EveMarieTorres Why isnt Melina on Twitter?  i wish she was...
oh goddamnit, longest Facebook note ever and Firefox crashes. 
I'm not sure which is worse, Twitter spam from Internet Marketers, or Overtweeting from the self-proclaimed digerati!!!  
I am trying to figure out m.slander.net...Twitter Mobile does not work on my phone (bummer) 
I am trying to figure out m.slander.net...Twitter Mobile does not work on my phone (bummer) 
I am trying to figure out m.slander.net... Twitter Mobile does not work on my  phone (bummer) 
I am trying to figure out m.slandr.net... Twitter Mobile does not work on my phone (bummer) 
Pancakes for breakfast on this nice Sunday morning. Twitter still not working in China 
@donlemoncnn Facebook has been funky all day.  
Oh Bollucks, there is nothing... COMPLETELY nothing to do.. besides Twitter, Bebo, Myspace things like that 
@Ryleigh4505 I wanna Twitter on my phone........   How do I get my picture up? It says my head is too big every time!!
I tried to get my sister back for her getting me last night on Facebook but the internet won't load on her laptop. 
still in bed  tired, just added Twitter to my Adium
Jonas Brothers YouTube Account Suspended! so sad. 
@mattydee TwitBlocked says I have 20000 API calls left, but that link you er, linked says 100.  Then again, Twitter.com seems down. 
@ryee40007 Did he mean he's not going to follow *anyone* while you're at Disney?   Way to ruin Twitter for everyone! (Just kidding) ;-)
Facebook is getting boring and more boring for me, SIAN. 
No Twitter yesterday, phone was water logged  Touch screen is still nackered
Facebook just froze Firefox. 
So many of you had bad days today. I'm sorry.  (Also, thank you Facebook people for the many birthday wishes from yesterday.  )
loves George's Facebook status: I do not need sex. Law school fucks me everyday!!! ditto to that. argh. so much to cover, so lil time! 
@sweetoblivion26 That sounds pretty awful  I'm so sorry I haven't got back to your Facebook msg yet-just at a friend's but will do later!!
That picture of Wycliff Jean on Facebook scares me everytime i see it 
@jordanclarexoxo Hello you. saw your status on FB, decided to add it since all my friends locate themselves to Facebook and not twitter 
@redflamerose Try living in York! Everytime I try get on MySpace or Facebook the line disconnects and reboots...its sucky 
@windowsmobile Facebook app is in dire need of an update to bring it in line with new fb features. Things just don't work properly now 
Bored of Facebook now. Nothing is happening.  What to do for half an hour...
Really wishing Twitter would do something about releasing inactive usernames  Poking at @crystal @ev
@Cricketnation:  I am generally let down by how few things I can do with the unlimited plan. No text-based anything: IM, Facebook, etc. 
Facebook doesn't load 
Am playing with the Facebook API (again!), I dont get why I cant set the callback url dynamically  I want to use it on a hostable solution
@siremusicgroup Ahh stoopid Facebook wont let me log-in  Ehh this is why i dont go on there.
Facebook 1.6 for bb is so great, but the edge of viettel is shitlike 
has anyone successfully added Twitter app on Facebook? Mine just got a blank page 
@OohDonna Phone is not ringing at all.   But going through 38 unread Facebook messages... so I'm accomplishing something.
@KATaylor007 @Crackers0410 Facebook photos and video uploads keep crashing 
@LokeshAwasthy I know!  It's sad. It's not like the matches are so engrossing that people are staying away from Twitter! #WT20.
meh, I can't upload any photos to Facebook 
@therealTiffany There are loads of people posing as you! There's a few Facebook pages saying there your official pages  xx
@Uk_joedan_fan I need to go to bed but thanks to Twitter SMS fail I can't tweet from bed anymore cos I can't see my replies 
How can I sync my Twitter with Facebook?? I'm so lost 
Updating my myspace and Facebook pages... Stuffy and congested 
Facebook wont let me upload Fridays Photos 
@TikkaMadsen @gogomago what are you two up to?  Ah shit, Miguel's gone?   I wonder if he blames Obama for Twitter, LOL...
@tommcfly I hope you win the Mr Twitter Universe to cheer you up, its not looking likely though   xx
people I am saddened as I just learned Facebook found the story of Alex's lemonade stand offense and have blocked the link 
I people I am saddened as I just learned Facebook found the story of Alex's lemonade stand offensive and have blocked the link 
can't find Amanda on Twitter!!!!!!!!! 
Twitter API limits are driving me nuts 
is so over Facebook's ads with the ugly teeth. 
wishes her computer worked so she could log on Facebook and update herself on everyone! 
I wish MySpace and Facebook worked from my cell phone the same way Twitter does.    Oh well.
IT wouldn't upload onto Facebook  http://twitgoo.com/pe1c
IT wouldn't upload onto Facebook either  http://twitgoo.com/pe1h
IT wouldn't upload onto Facebook either  http://twitgoo.com/pe1i
The solid triumph by Euro. conservative parties -- and the disturbing success of the extreme right fringe -- doesn't trend on Twitter. 
I wish I could get this synced with Facebook but I keep getting erros when trying 
Twitter is still blocked in china. Missing my Tweetdeck.  
Anyone using #TweetDeck?  Their latest version update v0.25.1b still does not allow me to response #Facebook status... 
Just got told by Facebook to slow down on adding friends. Facebook doesn't like me adding people? 
Trying to get MySpace and Facebook pages up and running. World domination is hard. 
@nikipaniki Camping was great! I went through some Twitter withdrawals, though  I want to see your nails when you're done.
Facebook Make me SAD  T.T
Facebook uploader isn't working for me 
Facebook URL, check! Twitterific hit by bug, check! 
Why do my @replies show up Facebook? Also, why has my evernote crashed 
My Twitter ID is @stiplady, my website stiplady.net, my Facebook profile is /stiplady, Bet you cant guess my SkypeID! s_tiplady  #fail ^ST
@WonderingMick  Pffftt.....my daughter is my friend on Facebook.  Image of mum as silly old dottering stalker has got to stop.  
Why Facebook is the most fav topic for a discussion.. :o I nvr gt that.. 
Erf not too sure Twitter games are nice it feels like I'm going to spam all that follow me  sorry dudes
Facebook wz never intresting for me..Msy be cuz m new to it,,!! Itz such an confusing website... 
is in the middle of uploading new pics on Facebook and Myspace. Saw &quot;Terminator&quot; last night and was disappointed. Missing story line.  
Tsk someone took feeohnah as her Facebook username 
Sigh. @Twitter's API is still broken. 
Right I'm now on Facebook again after that stupid thing the college did to me earlier... GRRRRRRR!! 
Mobile Twitter doesn't want to work for me 
I think Brightkite is not updating my Twitter  - http://bkite.com/08wNB
Oh god. People from my old school keep trying to add me on Facebook which is lovely but I can't remember who any of them are.  Oooelp.
well, my Twilight bandanas &amp; pins came in, but my clothes didn't.  I wish they did. I want my Twitter shirt!!!!
I understand why Trent Reznor quit Twitter, but his wording was pretty insensitive to &quot;unattractive plump females&quot;  http://bit.ly/ft4De
and here it comes...organic chemistry...brrrrrr  ...Twitter isn't interesting without people from Serbia...so join serbian people!
Livejournal is down!! 
I just looked over Rebecca's Facebook page and didn't remember it being filled with so many people. Her photo is beautiful !!    sadness
about to watch Jaws with my little brother!!! Twitter is so boring, hmm 
never has anything new to tell people because they've already seen it on Facebook 
@culvers I can't get it to work on Facebook 
@JAKAZiD Facebook is being a twat and not letting me upload photos 
@yoshi831 I'm busy as busy gets... I'm trying to get Twitter on my iPhone... it's having issues.  Suggestions?
It might be time to update my &quot;Favorite TV Shows&quot; on Facebook now that half of them are now canceled.   
My favorite shelter ferret, Scout, got adopted. (Scout's pic is my Twitter pic.) I'm happy for him, but I wish I was his new mom.  
Boreeeeed! Facebook ik boring right now  add me up www.facebook.com/AnnaGaddi
@HolyCrustacean I just called NTT (Twitter's host) and thanked them for extending their maintenance window. I feel super geeky.  LOL  
So, it turns out you can't change a Page type on Facebook - despite them adding new (and useful) page types. CO+K now can't be a website 
@nerdist Must say you are delivering the lols on Web Soup, but all those pre clip graphics are getting in the way of Hardwick goodness 
Rob Pattinson isn't going to Twitter anymore 
If you got more than one FB Event invite for #REBCLBG I apologize.  Facebook does not seem to be cooperating tonight 
Buzz or one of the cats chewed thru my macbook charger.  just got that one at christmas and now have to go buy a new one.
thinks twiiter is kinda pointless....Facebook with just a status box??? plus, now i fell like a stalker.... 
@vjshankar To care too much for a patient putting own reputation at risk is perhaps not needed in this era of email, and Facebook   
keeps missing Runs House   O well off to the club!  Thanks for the photo comments on Facebook.com/PeazyBaby &amp; Myspace.com/PeazyBaby!!
@_manduh Andrea was on Facebook 5 hours ago. 
I'm bumming that someone owns my name on both Facebook and Twitter...can there possibly be more than one Matt Morrow??  
It is with extreme sadness that I removed &quot;elestoque.org&quot; from my websites on Facebook...    
 @joseke Trent Reznor quits Twitter - http://migre.me/281e (via @trabalhosujo)
first time I've ever blocked someone on Twitter - Hitler Youth .. say no more. What's disturbing is that they actually have followers 
@gamwyn you keep ignoring me on Facebook. 
Twitter is being obnoxious. I don't wanna sleep alone.. I miss my Disney family and roomies too much 
I'm missin my Facebook... 
@mathiepe Sadly, she's censored by Facebook. Another geek fallen on the field of honor 
No offense to people intended, but why are so many Facebook status messages a cry for help! 
Fan pages can't get Facebook names unless they have 1000 followers. Only 941 to go for Leeloo  Help us? http://tinyurl.com/llsrhx
@ShaolinTiger Looks like Facebook removed that URL  awww.
@danlev oh god they're already making such sites? fucking a a few months in and twitter is already going the rout of MySpace 
Looking for a decent free Twitter client for Nokia N95. Dabr's auto-polling makes phone heat up &amp; drains battery in &lt;20 minutes 
is crying for being beaten with my FaceBook Username 
@JamesLeon1 Facebook GRP James http://bit.ly/RAqkx   if fb isn't being stroppy!- lots of glitches atm eek 
@JamesLeon1 Facebook GRP James http://bit.ly/RAqkx  if fb isn't being stroppy!- lots of glitches online atm eek 
Stupid new internet protection won't let me on on Twitter, FB, youtube, bebo, myspace, blogger, twitpic or ping.fm. Tweetdeck it is then. 
Lindsay Lohan took a photo of herself topless with her Blackberry then posted it to Twitter for the World to see 
I can't log in to Twitter  If anyone wants to speak to me I'll be at Friendfeed and Facebook. (via... http://ff.im/-42lom
@delaneyateam not that I saw - it was very entertaining. A real cat amongst the CEP pigeons - he's gone quiet on Twitter though 
have to re-install Twitter on iPod, doesnt work...  or is there a problem outthere????
Ugh  too early to be up. Twitter &amp; iPhone FTW!
@SmartZombie Re new avatar, like the one of Facebook, can't see Miranda on the one here 
It seems to be impossible to sync tweets to a Facebook page. Having Twitter set a user's status, yes, but a page: no. 
Agencies only seem to be interested in established professionals. Sadly, I am neither  I've had two paid jobs through Facebook though
is amused that twitter isn't blocked from work - Facebook is now!  
Facebook for the Pope 
No Facebook for the Pope 
Mohsen Imani has a Facebook page.  So sad.  All they wanted was freedom.    #iranelection
Registered to Facebook. I hate myself.. (&quot;ii2&quot; is already full of pictures!  )
Apologies for the Flickr RSS bombardment. Twitter feed fails again 
I haven't been getting Twitter updates on my #VZW phone all morning - just saying. 
I got it changed. Facebook is being evil 
I think people should have the same picture thingy on here as on Facebook so I can tell who you all are. This is very confusing 
@Spainkiller It was *way* better before they changed it into the godawful 'new' Facebook you see right now. 
@jiriteach what do you think of the new Seesmic? Shame I only have 1 Twitter a/c these days, can't take advantage of multipost feature 
Said to see Bjoerne go.  What a terrible day at MySpace.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. Myspace.com/Spainkiller is taken already  Calling all hackers, calling all hackers!
@johnalewis Aw, no FourSquare points for lunch.  
oh no!! Twitter will be down &amp; Facebook Poker!! I must go cry now!! 
@supernurple its the same on the Ms Twitter wall though, I can't vote, they're not going up, even with the plus signs there 
I might have to leave before the Twitter celeb session to make it to Lincoln Center on time...  #140conf
I might have to leave before the Twitter celeb session to make it to Lincoln Center on time...  #140conf http://bit.ly/5vxDq
Twitter is so quiet. Tumblr is so quiet. What happened to the Internet 
Just lost 2 hours on Facebook 
Pissed that Twitter didn't send ANYTHING to my phone today. I felt so disconnected to the outside world while stuck inside Kohl's 
Pretty sad that Duffy from &quot;Putting on the Kids&quot; never friended me back on Facebook. 
@NoReinsGirl Facebook won't let me find you... keeps shooting me back to my home page when I put your info in. 
Xbox Live is down for maintenance?! And Twitter is acting weird? This is because I hit that poor squirrel, isn't it? I'm really sorry! 
Twitter tip: If you have a problem with a company add this symbol to your tweet   [Its actually a twitter feature].  For example: Dell 
@peterfacinelli I want it more! Wish I could help more! Facebook is bigger than Twitter here in Australia, not many of my friends on it 
Facebook Connect logs me into blogs under the name &quot;Facebook User&quot; even though my FB profiles shows my name correctly 
@pawoot @Angkut @sanglt Why can't I login into Facebook using Safari??? &lt;-- or safari suck.... haha..&quot; &lt;- Or Facebook suck.  &lt;- Or both 
 Bejeweled Blitz on Facebook is inconsistently letting me play and then not due to updating servers, can it not be done in one hit?
says goodbye to Facebook surfing during office hours... 
Grr.. Facebook!   I tried to make one today, and apparently my account had been disabled. I didn't even know i had one.
Bella is not appreciative of my Twitter 
So Facebook is being retarded... as usual... fuck. 
Looking at BC Twitter accounts branding. 
Finally getting around to planning a river trip. Invite up on Facebook....and now, of to bed for a few hours sleep.  Damn, it's only Wed 
@backstreetboys Guys, I don't know why but someone deleted your results in Twitter competition. I'm upset  #BSB
@alicam saw that on Facebook. Aunt works across the road from that place. 
@hayesz Shows how much I use MySpace 
Yahoo Pipes is not playing nice with Twitter RSS feeds today. Getting &quot;400 Bad Request&quot; errors Don't know why. 
@dan_jf It's very handy but unfortunately it appears to have borked my Facebook status column 
Is anybody still awake? MySpace is addictive! Between watching bad movies on cable and the internet, I can't fall asleep 
Getting tired of Facebook disconnecting me.  (bad facebook...BAD Facebook, go sit in the corner with FireFox)
@CrystalHarris Hello, did you stop using Facebook ? 
The Twitter Happiness score for misrus is: 394. http://happytweets.com (This means that people perceive me as generally unhappy. 
this is MAYHEM. Facebook won't let me share my feelings,lmao  i need to upload my youtube vidzzz.
@ Paragon again  (via Facebook)
Shit Twitter Spam !!! 
Iranian protests were able to delay the Twitter downtime, but apparently had no effect on Xbox Live going down for tonight.  #Iranelection
Iranian protests were able to delay Twitter's scheduled downtime last night but apparently had no effect on Xbox Live's.  #iranelection#fb
@DKM64 Haha clearly nowhere. Twitter gets demoralising when you tweet and everything else on the feed is just famous people and bots 
Victor wrote about dreaming a few of his friends, including me, on a Facebook note recently. Sucks, I've never dreamed about him before. 
@geoffgirardin I actually followed an ad on Facebook, believe it or not. Totally forgot what the store was called, though 
@mayaBY check out the @mashable story on tweetdeck iPhone vs tweetie (u make an appearance). Can't attach link cause work blocks Twitter. 
@jungvolk if we chant Brookes name.. will that bring her back??????  Twitter is becoming a very lonely place now.......
r @slimcode Twitter search only goes back a very limited time. Everything else is lost, not searchable. Google doesn't index many Tweets. 
Spaz don't support Proxy?  I can't use Spaz after filtering Twitter.com in Iran 
Whats up Twitter World!... I want to go back to bed 
@dorizinn No, people were confused by the whole BPB thing and NewTimesBrowardPalmBeach is too long for Twitter 
CNN : Twitter is being used as a  tool for violence in Iran. Haaaayyy 
i miss u @willie_day26.. what happened? why RNT u on Twitter 
Has Broken Facebook 
My facebook account is still disabled and I have not received any response to my mail to the Facebook-ghosts   
Surprise 3 more invites to  using LinkedIn webinars today,  am I the only person not  doing a webinar or blog on Linkedin?  
After Twitter maintenance, my Firefox extension (Twitbin) seem to be broken. 
Facebook video up-loader = 
Is Bryan's Twitter and YouTube Channel srsly hacked? 
Anybody still got the Obama Facebook satire-I forgot to bookmark it 
@belle_lulu &gt; A little bit geeky, just not enough to do @purplesime s Facebook cleaner 
@TomHarrisMP  BIG problems - search Twitter for iTunes 
@Cressboy Flickr and Facebook don't love each other at the moment, the links been broken for past month or so... 
I hate uploading photos. Facebook's being a bitch, and I have 600 photos just sitting on my hard drive. Dot dot sad swish. 
Just as I start getting used to Facebook, here I am, attempting to learn this new media 
On Facebook. Hoping the weather doesn't get to bad. 
I very much dislike the new Facebook application for Blackberry 
Is it bad that I am on Facebook in the middle of a research group meeting. There are only 3 of us in the group... 
deactivated my Facebook again. It really creates an image of you.. 
@TL4 http://twitpic.com/7obyh - I no workie.  I'm getting an imagenot found error. Is this posted directly out of the Pre Twitter app?
@LoneFemaleTog The Facebook tab is a time-sink. I'm glad to have closed it... Really! 
I'm guessing Facebook and Twitterific apps aren't compatible with the new iPhone 3.0 software? Mine keep crashing 
@nymedium Did you enter your Twitter ID &amp; password on the home page? I think they consider that joining. 
@extralife Twitter apps on the iPhone are very competitive at the moment. Each one has features that you wish your current favorite had. 
Hey, does anybody know a good website for making songs available to download??  The MySpace player doesn't offer that option anymore 
Left off list  Willing to offer barcamp session on either adopting NewsCloud Facebook Publishing App code or How to on FB App #kncmit
is upset! forgot to log off my Facebook n some jerk posted &quot;i love getting high&quot; i have work n professional acquaintances on facebook. 
i've been eagerly checking bejeweled blitz on Facebook. but it's still down for maintenance. 
Some how Facebook just happened.  Twitter I'll never give you up.
Trying to catch up with things on Facebook and sad that one of my good friends dropped her account there and here on twitter.  
Facebook is being a proper gay. 
@Dcohen513 And you rejected my Facebook add 
Facebook Bejeweled has me befuddled.  It has to be skill involved as the same people in my friends list score high each time.  Not me! 
Jenny, mijn bloem - I just don't get Twitter.... I'm not Twitterlicious... 
broken YM  Facebook chat na lang :&gt;
@Jaydiee Ali forgets she has Twitter too 
@DeirdreReid link didn't work for Buzz2009.... 
@jungvolk if we chant Brookes name.. will that bring her back??????  Twitter is becoming a very lonely place now.......about 23 hours ago
Thanks @geekaren @TaraCuda @lauriek and @sjwaters. I haven't talked to her yet (heard about it on Facebook), but it must be an ordeal. 
@OK43   Shane doesnt like Twitter
Facebook won't let me comment  and I wanted to ask Emma M. which kind of bed of nails she tormented herself with.. *le sigh*
@scottsommers But unfortunately, there are no SSCI rankings for Twitter feeds... 
I'm sooo sleepy today  I blame iPhone update &amp; Twitter!
@captainskyhawk sorry   lol.  Facebook reminded me.  Tho, I think you were able to do it in person first 
@Aervane It's called &quot;The Sight&quot;. The finished sequel to it is &quot;Amanah&quot;. And darn, you went offline in Facebook chat 
@kellifersue The poor fail whale! I loves him! Also, with the new Twitter UI, I think less people get to see him. 
@rouseymousey You're on Facebook more then Twitter...  Tut tut. x
Facebook mobile isnt uploading my pictures 
Why Twitterrific today doesn't update my status on Facebook? 
got Wordpress and Twitter to interact but Facebook app. doesn't work 
is going to go smoke and play with 3.0 some more. When will Twitter/Facebook get push??? 
Looking around on the web for something to entertain me the way Facebook did... alas... nothing. 
@johnkatez Is your Twitter not updating to your FB? Mine's not 
can't get on MySpace at the moment... anyone else having the same trouble? Perkele! 
is using the very slow internet on her DSi.  Facebook still doesn`t work 
Somewhat oldschool MySpace: http://bit.ly/13mNs5 (I wish archive.org had my older profiles, but it doesn't  )
Does anyone know who sent @petehoekstra the first reply and thus started #HoekstraIsAMeme? Twitter Search doesn't go back that far 
is trying to combine Twitter &amp; Telus into one new word ... 'Teller' is taken 
Facebook not working 
Totally slept on this whole Facebook username thing. Now THIS GUY has my URL  http://www.facebook.com/winstonford
is wondering why she can't get onto Facebook.  
@nosborne i know right! BTW, I have no more Facebook  how's contiki?
Facebook, why don't you want to work? 
Facebook is freaking out.  Apparently I have no friends. Yesterday I had 642. 
hates how you never go on Facebook 
@sirblarghsalot Your Twitter location still shows Socorro 
@bladnman sorry Matt heavy NDA - but it's not a Twitter app ;) Whats up with Apple btw? They don't seem in a hurry to release yours 
Just uploaded some pics to Facebook, @nospoonwriter isn't working again tonight although it's mah last night in town 
@thebeernut Are you the only one in Twitter-world to have read and loved Michael Didbin?! ...besides me 
 cnt even use a single Twitter App!!!!!
Ustream fucked up on me 
Tweet4Skype could be a nice impementation, but it doesn't work 
Can't believe there's no proper Twitter app for BlackBerry! Twitterberry/Tinytwitter both suck. 
For an age I've heard designers moan on Twitter about Photoshop constantly crashing. Now I feel their pain. Bastard has lost all my work 
Twitter Haiku: I wake up to see One hundred twentyseven Tweets... And none for me 
Oh dear... old friend Rob F has dissed me being on Twitter 
Work got me a new laptop which will make it easier to access their network, but harder to Twitter. *sigh* &quot;Postponing iPhone&quot;   =   
2nd Test. 1st didnt Post at Facebook 
Trying out TweetDeck as a Twitter client program. Interface looks pretty cool - shame I couldn't get IM+ working right 
@9er_ NINA ! I know right. Yazid isn't happy with me having Twitter... I don't want dramas so I've no choice.  btw, how're youuuu ???
Anyone else not able to get onto Facebook??  Or is it just my cpu or internet connection??  
just got Facebook raped by his girlfriend 
@southernbell_69 @abbielicious613 I think Twitter swallowed Abbie's idea to me - I can't find it! 
I wish Dolly Parton had a Twitter!!  
[-O] I wish Dolly Parton had a Twitter!!  http://tinyurl.com/n2kgdw
Trying to come up with something worth saying to say.. This will have to do since Facebook is blocked at work 
@theiphoneblog Frantically checking email and Twitter for news of my iPhone 3G S contest win . . . but nothing received  
The bizarro Dutch messages were weird enough... I think someone is trying to hijack my Twitter account 
Setting up Twitter and Wordpress for The Daily Tankard project, no booze to be found 
Facebook isn't working! WHYY. 
On my way to the airport  only Twitter and Facebook to contact me while I'm there. My phones gonna be off
#dontyouhate when you can't curse on your Facebook page cause you know auntie's gonna read it and tell grandma.  And ur over 35.
My advisor from high school blocked me on Twitter and unfriended me on Facebook, but still follows @JCFGD?  What did I do?  
Looking at Buzz's camp stuff online.... I miss camp weeks!  
Not a fan of Chinese food anymore  making @ROROROyourboat a Facebook. she can't work a computer
live sesh didn't happen. Ustream wasn't working. 
have joined Facebook against my better judgment--thought I could get a personalized URL, but only for early adopters 
@PatyBastos_  Rob's? he doesn't have a Twitter 
@ryanisabadass i would be sad if you deleted your MySpace.  lol
just checkin in and don't understand the iPhone Twitter app at all 
I didn't win the wristbands for the @MuchMusic Twitter or Facebook contest  Oh well it's a hairflip it's whatever. I'm still going LOL.
Twitter, NIsarg made me say it...all i wanted was to see TNG,,,is that so much to ask? Apparently so 
@Blogger my blog was flagged while using that new feature on YouTube to embed directly in Blogger 
still wondering how this is different from Facebook...and still reeling from &quot;Hooch&quot; on Wordscraper...120 points! Sorry Julie 
@marksable @marksable The day CNN started sourcing news from Twitter, Myspace, and Facebook. Was a Great FAIL for everyone 
Missed FaceBook. 
@BabyJamazing Kellan does not have a Twitter  But @peterfacinelli is real haha - he's verified
I sold my soul to the devil bigtime. So did many of you. Twitter/FB/Myspace are all part of the devils plan..what plan u say. Hmph u'll c 
twitter is the worst drug EVER, with Facebook! i have to back to work 
@ampersandrea the Facebook app slows down my phone 
@Pinger It would have been so nice if you had sent the TextFree for life message to TextFree lite users instead of just Twitter followers 
@CocaBeenSlinky @MandyPandy32 makes me feel sad that 2 people who were lovely and supportive of our Moonwalk feel Twitter is hurting them 
@mgarayy No, but I was checking online and there's nothing about them being there. HT's MySpace has all their events and it's not listed. 
Someone has an issue with Facebook? 
Tryna figure out how to use Twitter I'm new 
Got this Twitter Facebook thing figured out... now what? 
@hammyhavoc Most say it is due to apps like Facebook &amp; all the data they cache. I tried switching my iTunes to another laptop, same issue 
@MrNateJackson I interjected your name into my Facebook status...I was runnin' out of room on twitter, sorry 
I wish Federer had a Twitter, I really do. 
Facebook closed 
@TiaraJade i don't understand how to play those games on Facebook 
Facebook is a bitch to me 
God..thanks for my beautiful wife, but maybe you could help her not take so many Facebook quizzes 
I lost a card I got at the Affiliate Summit for $150 worth of free FaceBook advertising. 
Shit..new Facebook app does not have PUSH 
@durx nope no push on Facebook yet 
@TUAW Facebook update with no push notification that I can see 
Twitter can apparently not be updated from my phone. &quot;HTTP Access forbidden&quot; 
Should be working but instead I'm sitting reading lots of happy fathers day messages on Facebook and thinking about Dad 
Tweeting from my phone now. The broken Facebook update has made my ipod touch unuseable. I might have to do a restore 
@steve20058 Zapp &amp; me try to get ingame (RS &amp; FO) but we mod this, the FaceBook, Livejournal, YouTube &amp; more so it don't happen much  Ajd
Facebook back button failed! They don't know how Ajax pages are done right 
@michaelawalls WHAT! i dont check Twitter often enough clearly! how is Jeffrey? 
Need a lift around 9/10am to get tire  anybody game? DM or text/call please, may not be watching Twitter/Facebook/etc. L: http://shor ...
Hating Facebook photo-uploading capabilities 
O2 signal in Cornwall is appalling! Limited Twitter and no Starbucks for a week.....!!! 
I'm so sad. No Twitter for the entire summer.  I'll try to tweet a little. Working at camp all summer! Tata for now! :3
On Care2. looking for buddies on Twitter, watching TombRaider and I have a bad shoulder  oh also missing a special someone a whole bunch
Left Blackberry at a friend's last night - feel naked and no instant access to Email/Twitter 
@MariahCarey Twitter is not working so well for me either. Sucks  LYM
i can't get rid of my Facebook account 
Funny, how on Facebook the only one I communicate with is my 11 year old cousin. I miss her. 
 No more witty #Squarespace Tweets...
wonders why i cant Twitter from my cell!  well bk to Fb i go!
WOW catching up Twitter..it is getting to be more a NEWS network instead of a SOCIAL network..I appreciate what it has done for Iran..me 
Opened an email on #Facebook with link 2 You Tube video and got a virus 
Twitter is slower than Sarah Palin tonite!! 
Watch!!!! Twitter gonna turn into a Promotion Site just like they (us) did myspace. Poor myspace. 
@TDefren send your #sprint concern @JGoldsborough he is a friend of mine and Sprint Twitter service contact-sorry about ur loss 
I bet Radio Noize will update its Twitter account an awful lot more often than NewsPort 
Facebook = HACKED. ughh.. sucks x10. permanent sad face plastered on me for the rest of the day 
@brittinea Just read your Post about twitter on Myspace.. i joined to 
@mattstevensloop No idea, but I think we all suffer from it  Are you doing the Ustream thing tonight?
No ones on MySpace 
Found out why Gnip.com wasn't giving me Twitter data -- they're now just collecting &quot;spritzer&quot; feed 
@Etsy I'm having trouble to follow people on Twitter myself, don't know what's happening 
@jasonsteed: That chess app on Facebook is incredibly poorly organized.  I can never find our game. I think it timed out, now. 
@Goo_xo To finish the braketes- (sci revision makes me speak like this, sorry). Twitter likes to kill my words 
@SarahDessen I wish I could add you on Facebook but you have too many friends! Ever thought of getting a group page? 
@Bowchickawowow my bad mama...I'm never on Twinkle anymore &amp; I follow too many ppl on Twitter that I never see when ur around I'm sowwie 
argh i hate relatives adding me on Facebook, i don't like you two-faced sods, take a hint 
trying FriendFeed but ... &quot;None of your Facebook friends are on FriendFeed&quot;  
@magicswebpage I don't know why MySpace doesn't have it 
Facebook just crashed for me 
Spent a little time looking at photos on Facebook and now I miss having a functional camera! 
I understand why but I'm still ticked that I lost my /washingtoncaps Facebook username 
I feel i have to succomb to the Facebook request.  Dear Lord, don't let upper mgmt find out about Twitter!-  
@thedittybops I sent you a Facebook &amp; MySpace message about my defective copy of Pack Rat but can't get an answer from anyone... 
did I say that I am still working on Facebook app. problem? 
Just found out I was facesquated. All because of Facebook disabling my account a day before the namegrab and making me create a new one. 
Test tweet. &amp; Facebook update.  Hopefully this gets out (Connectivity issues  )
Test tweet. &amp; Facebook update.  Hopefully this gets out (Connectivity issues  )
Test tweet. &amp; Facebook update.  Hopefully this gets out (Connectivity issues  )
Test tweet. &amp; Facebook update.  Hopefully this gets out (Connectivity issues  )
Test tweet. &amp; Facebook update.  Hopefully this gets out (Connectivity issues  )
@Josie thanks. I'm using a bunch of other Twitter apps atm just playing around but I prefer tweetie. 
Chatting with Emma on Facebook xD Facebook is gay, but she can't get a myspace 
could go for a packet of Malteasers right about now.. Stupid Facebook ad 
3 hours later and she empties her Facebook inbox! 80% spam - what a rewarding experience 
can't add my #Facebook account within #Tweetdeck, the button doesn't work and nothing pops up when adding the Facebook column 
wonder its connection problem or FaceBook .. can't connect well these few days ... 
@deighe_d yeah, Twitter lately = EPIC fail  
Uploading the greatest cartoon from the Newspaper ever - regarding Twitter. 
Just added myself to the Twitter Directory, you should too  http://justtweetit.com/graphic-designers/
@Josephine__B  hey hye you Twitter addict   i have something interesting to tell you tmoz im off to soccer xo
on Twitter, Facebook, Bebo, iTunes, and checking emails  i feel clever
Oh man! The only thing missing in the new FriendFeed beta for using it as a Twitter client is a ReTweet button  http://ff.im/-1Y0vX
Twitter is so great on my iPhone 
Night Twitter. Babycakes party tomorrow probably. 
Goooooood morning Twitter-World! 
Have started to use Firefox when I use Twitter,love the spellchecker as I'm always prone to silly typo's! 
Facebook virtually trying to do a twitter,now update your facebook status messages from your phone!.. 
Facebook-ing. Hahaha 
Learning Twitter 
@seoexpertbd that takes twitter password. so it makes everyone a follower of everyone. Doable via Twitter oAuth and other APIs 
@jennjenn Late for me, considering that I've not been to bed.  / www.StalkDaily.com/mikeyy
@SociallyCubed i miss IRC culture, Twitter is like the mainstream version, without the trout slapping 
have my Facebook page full of posts and updates and images from my old company #homeindia.com. Feel so nostalgic 
@Reetesh I haven't gone through friend requests yet, coz like Facebook there are just too many of them. I'm gonna do that tonight 
- Sitting in the studio talking to Danniee Beee who is ignoring me as he is adding friends to his Facebook;that is until he reads this 
Just installed a Twitter client on my Iphone to inform you directly from the playground 
@chris_alexander Better still if you could use a FOAF+SSL @bblfish - talk to the nice Twitter people ... 
Just discovered that @BorrowLenses is on Twitter! NAPP members get a discount! 
after a 2 hour intense paint and Viking Metal Session....i am now going to be socially interactive using Digsby and Facebook 
switching from Facebook to Twitter. At least they dont change stuff often 
@hwork I've been living in Twitter API land for too long, over there we call it the oauth buttons http://bit.ly/70yRH 
@shaktijs @spitphyre thank you so much Twitter Spice Girls for your reccos. 
I was looking at MC's Myspace page and just signed up on Twitter! SO excited! 
@JTSpurs behind the curve John, its all about @friendfeed now  Twitter, facebook, flickr, youtube, google reader all updates in one place
on MySpace uploading pics to the thousands I have already 
Thanks again Renee,mfor the followfriday. You were my very first @dittoshadow on Twitter. 
@sherryfm  Favorite had the crush on you -- but he isn't on Facebook!  
Guess what guys? Roxxy actually responds to me on Twitter! 
hey @wordhealys (Ed) I added you on Facebook! 
Teste Gtalk + Plurk + Twitter.  O que sai no Gtalk, sai no plurk e vai pro twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/ovhpg
Figuring out this Twitter Site! 
Lol, I mention having a pint of Broadside and @Bombardier_beer auto-follows me.  They're clever these Twitter search bots.
Wow, KDE Twitter is extremely cool 
oops, just have 6 Twitter API calls left... before this post just 7 
@girliegeek So long as you haven't become a hopeless addict of the Packrat game on Facebook... I'd say you're just fine. 
Tweet Deck.. keeps me constantly updated with Facebook.. just wish i could get Myspace on there too..  with all my friends and updates....
@xanister and the guy who did it (by accident) is friends with me on Facebook. 
@SaraEllenAwsome haha I'll message you on Facebook 
Thanks to my girls @nakeva @MzGriff0610 @Inger @xodedexo18 for for nagging @Twitter @Spam and @delbius and getting me back to the party! 
@shuhannon Think of it as simply a Facebook status. 
following @smoke_weed because that's a rockin' Twitter URL  @420thoughts
@DEW_me &quot;View Twitter: Standard | Mobile&quot; &amp; I just click on &quot;mobile&quot;. 
Loving the people on Ustream atm. It's brilliant 
@mirandable87 India House is still around. And I'm glad you care  Why isn't Ian on Twitter?
plans to give up her FaceBook... for a while. Could be a week, maybe forever. We'll see. 
1:30am. Saturday nite. Birthday weekend. Spending it with my FaceBook and Twitter friends = P-R-I-C-E-L-E-S-S-! 
Just joined Twitter to follow Danielle. 
Twitter we meet again. I m not drunk  are merfolk really men with fins or are men, really just merfolk with legs? Lucy spot mark and t ...
I'm soooo glad my mom joined Twitter.   Woot-Woot!!! 
Hello and welcome ... especially those who already follow me on Facebook 
is banning Angela from the combination of alcohol, cameras, and Twitter. 
Learning more about Twitter! 
Myspace, Bebo, Facebook is boring, so im coming on here to see if Twitter is any better. 
just for when this expression catches on, and people use it to explain twitter, I said it first: Twitter  = Smsoip. Sms Over IP 
@tommcfly Maybe you should go flying!  Or play some video games, read a book, order pizza... So many options, lol. Write a MySpace blog! x
13.000+ friends on MySpace...! 
if you're following @damiankindler on Facebook check out his latest note dated 18/04/09 for Sanctuary S2 details 
Twitter time!! Myspace! Facebook! Bebo! Msn! Too many windows open! Busyy.. Oh well atleast i can watch Rove 
Signed up for Twitter and Facebook in the same week.  I think I'm experiencing social networking overload! 
@GarinKilpatrick My favorite YouTube video is @murnahan's Twitter kids. 
Facebook n music 
All Pakistani Twitterers should share their IM id's  so you can have a serious talk beside Twitter too  mine earehanpk [@] hotmail.com
Hidy ho Twitter 
@arcticsunbrn Did you make that image that you put in the Twitter Master List? I like it. 
@brisketkid Play 5 mins on Facebook, then work on After Effects 
Twitter Search Integration Rocks  http://twitpic.com/3n7kj
Learning about Twitter 
@highdigi Facebook?? I'll reativate my old account for the twitter peeps 
@summerheartbeat It's just not right for me, seriously. ) Right now, I'm prioritizing Multiply &amp; Twitter only. 
Going to sleep..Night!  @bethskissforyou what is Gerard's Twitter? ;)
Holy Twitter, Batman! I had no idea I had almost 1000 Tweets. 
says accdg to Facebook, my stripper name is Chastity SparkleDazzle  panalo!!! http://plurk.com/p/p53xz
Friendster is to Facebook while Plurk is to Twitter. haha  http://plurk.com/p/p54z3
just found @tferriss on Facebook and decided to try adding him. He's so awesome!!! 
@erichv did you ever think of looking for her on Facebook?  she's @samanthaperry btw 
@lesley007 btw, http://tinyurl.com/dcmg5p is a link you can give to people so they can add you on Facebook 
Is so happy to find Ness on Facebook and Twitter! 
Day 1 of life without a phone. Facebook &amp; Twitter will be my main means of communication.  this should be interesting.
Here's my other links= MySpace: www.myspace.com/DJGhostUSA  FaceBook: ww.snipr.com/g4igk [Add me ppl!] 
@mbosch35 It's easy peasy, like Facebook minus profiles &amp; apps. Check out http://help.twitter.com/forums/10711/entries for tips 
I feel like Norway`s only Twitter... 
woops, late leaving for work, I only have time left for one thing, so which is it? Food or shower?! Twitter it is..or maybe a shower now! 
@cherrymeichan FriendFeed, Facebook ve Twitter'i birbirine bagladim 
@TatianaToT ps i added you on Facebook.. you're not gonna give me ur &quot;stayupallnightandtwitandcultureshock-itis!&quot; 
Cleaning up my Facebook: getting rid of dumb applications and people I don't really know 
Uploading girlie road trip pics to Facebook and wanting to be in bed 
#derunkah-Twitter ;) woooooooo! Downtown enjoying the last bit o' sunshine 
@aweekes After seeing @el_jabon's review, Twitterina looks like a pretty good Twitter client. Any plans on an Android port? 
tried out the PIRATE language on Facebook.  Funny, but I mostly speak English.  
Myspace Layout? Twitter background? Wallpaper? Request it and it shall happen 
I'm currently responding to Kelsey on Facebook. 
Welcome to all who just got the e-mail blast  The Starlight Bowl site, blog, Twitter, and Facebook accounts are now live!
@young_david they? yes, two of them (one was stillborn), named Twitter and Lint 
@Syesha hey can I add you on Facebook? 
S you all know my Facebook account got hacked and deleted well starting over  FB name Candi Cunningham add me   Please
Having fun in Facebook's Farm Town 
I wish I was the owner of Facebook..  not 'cause its cool.   I want to sell it !  (or maybe quit ! ) 
Morning! Today should be good  [just so we all know I'm on twitter not Facebook ;)]
Just added a new song to my profile playlist on MySpace 
@timdifford you made some Twitter Bot spam me ! 
@jerilyn65 Yummy story, Jer. I shared it with my Facebook friends. 
w00t!  NCSU Web Dev representing on twitter   Follow us for updates from the Ning site!
@fantomaster What do you do when the primary content links back to Sphinn/Reddit/Digg/SU etc? Or Twitter? 
Zow, finished uploading pictures on Flickr and Facebook, now time for my weekend newspaper in the yard in the sun with a cup of tea 
Deleted an ex from my Facebook last nite. One simple click: poof, vanished! Magic 
 Well we have 2 new colts. I'll be posting them on our MySpace and Website join us on MySpace http://tinyurl.com/cnyn7l
Get the freebies sent to your inbox! Join my FREEtastic Group on Facebook for daily freebie alerts! http://snipr.com/fs3w5 
im in Facebook, 
I've been explaining Twitter to people at the Butterdome craft fair who haven't a clue about it.  #yeg
@jtug - If you got time, check my Facebook profile. Ada video mas @pinot diwawancara RCTI 
play &quot;Waka- Waka&quot; in Facebook, 
Lately Facebook games have amused me pretty good... OH boi a month to go till Sims 3. Pretty Xcited bout that 
@EditorColin If this were Facebook, I would 'Like' your update. 
You stay classy, 128.121.145.228.  (For you non-geeks, that's Twitter's IP address)  
Ok Twitter friends, I'm heading to bed.  I've been on the computer to long tonight updating my Facebook   Sleep well and tweet you soon!XO
@CardsNC I'm doing awesome Devin, thank U! U making the most of your wknd? Get on Facebook so I can drool over pics of NC! 
@SultanArun I am here bro, watching updates via Twitter Search #bck5 I am kinda in the party 
@konaish sent it via Facebook in your inbox.  Facebook lets me write and write like my incessant talk.  and it puts in my happy face.
I search #Twitter now more that #Google especially for local results 
@DevelopPlanB Which Facebook group?  
@tsuvik me too, People take Facebook profile updates more seriously i guess. Just 3 or 4 updates a day, and they are happy 
Be a fan of famous Zoozoo ads on Facebook  http://tinyurl.com/dda4sj  I love there smart and funny ads..
Swine flu on Twitter!  #atchoink #failpig #swineflu #grippeporcine #porkfever #hamthrax #bacontherapy (URL: http://tinyurl.com/c7oc5f )
The Facebook diet went pear-shaped twoards the end of the week...try try again after the weekend 
Seesmic Desktop is even better with Facebook inside, congrats @loic &amp; team seesmic. Only thing missing now: Seesmic  (via @cingrand)
The Facebook friends page is horrible now because I can't fb stalk 
@rachel1975 have you accepted the job of official Twitter Greeter? 
Cleaned up Facebook, lots of junk piled up since I joined in 2007. Simple profile again now 
&quot;Twitter Cypher&quot; Verse is up 
Still playing Halo3 with Twitter by my side!! 
@toshiyori we will as soon as we have finished basic features like Facebook commenting 
I like the TweetDeck it allows me to see Facebook and Twitter!  I am already becoming addicted 
Oops, Julie Buxbaum better get her ass on Twitter!  @lauradave @aswinn
@gabrielryan...you must join Facebook! P.s. I love following y'alls blog 
@Asfaq dude, saw your Twitter profile after a long time - love the background. way way cool! 
Control which tweets u post on Facebook by using a hashtag, check out this awesome easy app!  http://apps.facebook.com/selectivetwitter/
Seeing lots of my FB friends are friending or becoming fans of Zoozoo (Voda's new face after the pug). Even iLike 
@brandiheyy hey !!!  whoa its really you.. anyways how does it feel living with Miley? it must be strange ... Twitter back ox
@DickieA YAY!!! I'm glad that I'm not the only one who is about to sign away their soul to Twitter and Facebook!  welcome! xxx
Created a new album on my Facebook for my Phantom cross stitch  I want to track my own progress so I feel like I am getting something done
http://www.facebook.com/pages/HelloTxt/73275306275 this message is posted on HelloTxt Facebook Fan page through HelloTxt, check it out 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/HelloTxt/73275306275 this message is posted on HelloTxt Facebook Fan page through HelloTxt, check it out 
27 Followers  23 More....for Twitter Party!!!!!
Time to add some more RFID-ed object to send messages to Twitter everytime I use them - 2 more coffee cups, Armani Code, Pantone 109 mug 
And here goes my first Twitter from #TwitterBerry Application from my #BlackBerry Bold 9000..  Cheers, long live.. #SMR
@Pamela010474 nope..not drunk..sometimes I think maybe I should..then maybe Twitter would make sense, ya know! 
@sheasylvia Sometimes I wish Twitter had Facebook's &quot;like&quot; just so I could give you a thumbs up. Great job either way  - I suck too btw
@CareFtw *points at Facebook message* 
Listening to Jesse's music  &amp; on MySpace. Also getting the hang of Twiiter. I feel that i need more followers.  Don't be shy!
Trying this twitter thing out. Facebook is finally a routine for me, now i need to figure out how to do the twitter thing 
Just finished down loading AIM6.9 and guess what! I can get updates from Twitter on it!  Message me at: i am katie arttt
I can't believe how many people think it is great that I passed the quiz, &quot;how blond are you?&quot; on Facebook.  I am very blond!  
@kristenstewart9 WOW, I can't believe u reached the Facebook limit for # of friends! Crazy!! 
is starting to love twitter!!! Facebook-detox diet is working great 
@anakin1814 I did do that one Twitter while driving, although the iPhone keypad sucks for driving and typing 
uploading photos.   (on: Facebook, &amp; Friendster... Myspace later.)
Came tantalizingly close to acing a Facebook communism quiz. One question has &quot;I hope Britain will be next communist&quot; as correct answer. 
Watching videos on Facebook makes me feel like the biggest creep. Which I guess I am. Also, tweet #200! Woohoo! 
I made a MySpace for Twitter with the name &quot;The Twitter Kingdom&quot;. Here is the link: http://bit.ly/13PQtw  - join me! 
Twitter is being weird... but anyway: FFX, I will complete thee this time! 
@nikicheong I seldom read the papers, but I read your column today, @nikicheong. Viva la Facebook + Twitter! 
@sspideymann  Advertise m,e so i feel special LOL like add something like Holly being played by _jujube_ Twitter her @_jujube_ 
has the periodic pimp of his Facebook profile. enjoy!   http://bit.ly/9OJHw
Twitter setup on your mobile phonehttp://bit.ly/KcNem (via @JaydenHEMPEL) [or get an iPhone!  ]
@Catwoman123 yep and Amazon, but always like to as the Twitter community as well 
@Ammonyte  yep and Amazon, but always like to as the Twitter community as well 
isn't this site : http://www.petterruud.no/ is a rip of Twitter UI designer @vl 's portfolio : http://www.vlourenco.com/ ?  #RIP #theft
Trying out a new WP-2-Twitter Plugin 
So... you should type &quot;HighKey Camera&quot; into your Facebook search bar... become a fan of whatever comes up... 
How to remove Facebook Quizzes from your home stream http://tr.im/l6pt (via @anima) | thank you 
@allankent Facebook chat list thingy came out yesterday or the day before. Ye, its pretty useful. 
Facebook Notification is Cooler Now! 
Just installed Power Twitter for Firefox (http://bit.ly/hwYWn) ... like it 
Study shows Facebook, YouTube at work makes better employees http://tr.im/ljb4 - everyone, you know what to do: share this with your boss 
@ladylexx one more thing  I was gonna add you on MySpace, but I'm a &quot;band&quot; and it said you don't giddown with &quot;bands&quot;
@typezero3 The Twitter API is relatively straightforward (although no API is as straightforward as bit.ly 
says hello Twitter World! 
Facebook ! friendster .  Fated to love you ..
@redsheep how come Facebook? I would have thought Wikipedia was more the school 
i'm opening Twitter, Facebook, and Friendster 
Trying to figure out how this Twitter thing works...Leaving for Malaysia in the morning! 
Hooookay, what is this?  Apple - Business - Profiles - Twitter http://bit.ly/zVS8o
@aditya And who decides Twitter Etiquette? I decide my own in any case 
Please sign up for my free e-mail newsletter here so Tricia will allow me to keep using Twitter.  http://is.gd/zolB
finally got around to linking to Facebook...go me!..still boring though! 
At school, sitting next to Kathrine (who is getting Twitter today) preparing for English exam 
@morena84 @saraesse have u both thought using IM instead of Twitter for chatting? 
Forgot my cell phone at home. I feel so cut off from the world  If you need to reach me, msg me on Facebook or something!
@ro05t3r I like the simplicity of Twitter. I like that the Internet regresses once in a while to progress. I like the lack of quizzes 
Facebook chat now has bold and underline... so does the pidgin-facebookchat plugin 
@JuliaBall I did give him a bit of  a ribbing as we were walking around Tesco... 'effin Twitter!' was his reply...  
@bobbiewan so you do  (in response to your Facebook msg
@boyced oh ok i get it. I didn't want to put it on here  i put it on Facebook xx
@StephenR13 It's a tricky game. Facebook is worse though. 
@dearsnippie yes it does! I think they should be everywhere  Hopefully MySpace gets it :-D
Looking forward to the 2nd SAS Tweetup today! Lots more ppl going than the first - Twitter is spreading 
@MaryAxiotis I know.  TweetDeck is one of many Twiiter client application/software on your computer to manage Twitter better.
Morning to my Twitter Family 
Google Down -&gt; Twitter over capacity -&gt; News websites slow. It's the end of the world 
Updating my MySpace. 
Learning how to use Twitter 
Etsy Twitter Team is having a sidewalk sale to celebrate Spring! Stop on by and browse a little.  http://bit.ly/14qGpy #etsytwitter #etsy
uploading swimming pics in http://tinyurl.com/ogmzbd (Multiply) and http://tinyurl.com/qx6hk3 (Facebook)  http://plurk.com/p/uao61
The real Queen (Rania Al Abdullah) is on Twitter follow her real Twitter account @QueenRania #realtweeps @realtweeps Real accounts 
TwitterFon's a douche. Does anyone know other free Twitter apps for the iPhone? Please and thankyou 
@Astrogirl426 Giggle! I might be getting fun again. Which Twitter hasn't seen. Be warned. 
@paushi what's your MySpace account name? 
@IvyBean104 I'm so pleased you're enjoying your time on Twitter, Ivy - more power to you! You're an inspiration to us all 
@izyism Just messaged you on Facebook! 
@Ustream  I do 
Anyone else tried logging into Myspace, and seen the awesome Dane ISolated INcident Ad featured on the front page? I did! 
If feels good to do a wedding and within days you've changed a dozen peoples Facebook profile pics. 
Loving that Katy Perry is now following me on Twitter 
@archetypo if I could play Scrabble on Twitter, I would have no need for facebook. 
HOW TO: Put Twitter on Every Web Page. http://migre.me/1ev2   New tool that fosters Twitter buzz around web pages. 
@IvyBean104 compliment from Germany for your interest in computers and especially Twitter communication. You sure are an amazing lady 
I'm back. integration of Twitter's HTML/JS box in Redaxscript CMS is just perfect! 
waiting for Facebook to roll out it's &quot;Verified Apps&quot; program 
Just tweaked Frosmo tweet.  So be sure to follow: Frosmo at Twitter.
@KateOldham Kate, friendship request on Facebook! 
@Veronica I love your new Twitter background. 
@Toad008 I was there too. Twitter really needs to figure out a way of letting you know when you are in the proximity of people you follow 
&quot;Marketers on Twitter&quot; group on #LinkedIn has 1,017 members, including yours truly  #Business #Marketing
Morning Twitter! RS exam today. =[ but when the exam finishes at 11am, I can go home again 
Does anyone on here that doesn't have me added on Myspace &amp; Facebook have one of the two? @reply me! 
Hooked on Digsby! http://www.digsby.com/ Give it a try. Supports all major IM clients AND Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, and LinkedIn. 
Have we hooked up on Facebook? Friend me here, and please state your Twitter ID!  http://bit.ly/10nM9b
@rehna_tu @Freakonomy I think when ppl talk one-one a lot on twitter they better move on to IM  Twitter is not a chat service ;-)
Testing Twitter via #Adium 
is done uploading send-off photos in Multiply and Facebook. 
Facebook just told me I'm going to marry a nerd who will always love me less than sci-fi.  I'm okay with that. 
@dk That's not my main reason to be on Facebook 
Just got myself TweetDeck  Seems pretty good and allows me to manage Twitter and Facebook 
@BecomeKnown hey, thanks for the e-mail and Linkedin invite. I like your site 
Please sign up for my free e-mail newsletter here so Tricia will allow me to keep using Twitter.  http://is.gd/zolB
Twitter no Adium  http://beta.adium.im/
Off to update my Facebook Info page thingy. Should be interesting - for me - not for you 
@misfish My houseguest is looking to get hold of your boyfriend - tell him to check his Facebook 
@UnknownMary Ser era, hihi!  Olha, a Yohanna tem Twitter e MySpace! Add: @yohannamusic e http://www.myspace.com/yohannamusic 
@wendyldavis  Eurovision on Twitter almost made up for not having Terry Wogan 
Worlds oldest Facebooker ( http://ow.ly/7x7W ) joined Twitter: http://ow.ly/7x85 
@thegriff Could you add me on Facebook sometime please? 
@helen_bop  I hope they burst. I'm on Facebook looking at radfem groups (@Ren_Ev to blame for that) and seriously, my GODDESS.
@soapydoc Thanks! I asked Michelle if I could use her pics on the Facebook group too.  I am going to enjoy today.
everyone, thanks for listening to my songs and paying attention! please join the mailing list for upcoming tour +find me on Facebook 
@waxinglyrical yep. Twitter is crowded and some pol parties actually using it as well  but still, I prefer tweet to fb. Fb more fs'ish
Is glad Lexie started following me on Twitter...thereby reminding me that I actually HAVE one! 
@crayg ok cool thanks  seems better for me to keep up to date with people in SA and not as time consuming as Facebook
Just  finish to pimp my Twitter Background 
@Emz_2694 ooo cool  ...sorta - even though it's Selena, aha. &amp; I might just do that  at least I still have Twitter; WOOP.
@TiaMowry awww Tamera should really Twitter, she has fans on here who adore her dearly also, much like we do you!! 
is connecting with her elementary classmates and schoolmates through Facebook.  http://plurk.com/p/uk8w6
@karinb_za Lestat de Lioncourt (LestatQuotes) is now following your updates on Twitter.  - wth??? 
@Kaitlin2_2 @CGiboi @jodabone @MrHyrne @MarketingVeep @LoveDiva @LaToyaAndrews @Yisel_Cullen Twitter seems to be the clear cut winner! 
I'm so nervous about my guitar exam tomorrow.  &amp;I can't believe I got sucked into Twitter-world! Ofc, I pulled @Banaalne into it too 
@SammiAhoy Ty. And you're a big girl yet you want to teach the dogs to cook! We're probably spamming everyone's Twitter page 
@radsujanto 6 Twollars could u send me a FaceBook invite 
Brightkite needs to get Twitter oAuth support.  - http://bkite.com/07ALr
Wohoo! Twitter from Adium 
@bourquejeff Facebook is the next one  I bet over half of Grace is on Facebook, so it's an effective media to leverage.
@gregh19 that's awesome  the bf and I met on Myspace!! Haha.... Story of our lives! Lol http://myloc.me/1nem
huhuuuuu  twitter works in Facebook 
@Renee3 Uploaded the last logo for #GenYTO to the Facebook group... if you still want me to send it via email I can as well. Enjoy 
@andreawong_nz @andreawong_nz here, here seesmic is great and you can run more than one account from it and Facebook 
@featureBlend Thanks, for #FF back at you, Mr. #1 Twitter person in Pakistan on grader. 
#followfriday @khushboov @hemanthp @pranjalic the new joiners from IIMC on Twitter  and @Freakonomy for telling me to do so!
@pandji returning the favour dude... see my Facebook status 
I want an iPhone just for the Twitter add! 
Twitter seems shite.  Study leave is great 
Facebook just approved Expono's Facebook integration! You can now share albums/photos with your FB friends and post stories to your wall 
The Twitter Happiness score for Kathrynelle is: 540. http://happytweets.com (thanks for the link, @pippad 
Just checking out using FriendFeed to update Twitter - cool  http://ff.im/38FUI
Spammers seem to be starting Twitter Spam accts w/ legit lking twits like &quot;yay joined twitter  my friends wouldnt stop talking about it!&quot;
Boa... Twitter no Orkut! 
Twitter is much more awesome than plurk  Plurk is for losers. Agree?
while mojo is missing, I keep myself busy with photo editing and playing restaurant city @ Facebook. 
Juhu, just useful Twitter on my desktop! (witty 2.0 i think!) When 'm away i want to twitter to! but i need a fu**ing ipod touch 
Chatting to my Aunt Ruth on Facebook hahaha! 
Yes Zac I have Twitter, and Myspace and Facebook and well you get the point now come find me 
@karolijn we had a rule in a regular IRC room I hung out in: &quot;a/s/l&quot; was grounds for immediate kick and permaban. Twitter needs similar. 
@ShaunaN You know what's funny about Amp - the Facebook page (Canadian one in any case) is categorized under Pharmaceuticals 
@misterSuperb Mashup with Facebook Photo's 
Indonesian imams OK Facebook - but no flirting!  guide on using fb by indon's imams http://tinyurl.com/indonfb
is now using Adium with Twitter 
@lartist I might actually remember to watch your Ustream feed tonight.  
@scthorne so glad to see you here  Make sure you connect your twitter to your Facebook account so your tweets feed over.
@ariherzog Would anyone want to invest in Facebook? Every time they redesigned their site, stock would drop 50%. 
Apparently I can call anyone from the Facebook Blackberry app who has their number on Facebook...  This could be fun 
@goodlaura Actually, DMV has been on Twitter for a year and a half or so 
@worldofhiglet @JewelStaite Really? I like MySpace, I've met some great people on there. Facebook I don't get, but I do like MySpace.  
Updating my friendster and MySpace profiles at the same time 
@aniedj how are you?  Btw, thanks for the @DavidArchie hug on Facebook! 
@Reds72 Silly .. of course you have Facebook! 
@Dark_Romance Facebook 
@jordanknight but I'm sure that every NKOTB on Twitter is following you &amp; the other guys - - &amp; Jared!! 
changed her Twitter background !  Reading HP &amp; the OotP . . . Harmione moments, *sigh* &quot;But I don't think you're ugly!&quot; &lt;3
k?t n?i danh b? ?i?n tho?i di ??ng v?i Facebook Contact th?t tuy?t 
We DIGG this  &quot;Digg Adds Twitter and Facebook Sharing Options&quot; http://bit.ly/ZdYCd
@ddlovato Demi please add me on Twitter 
new Twitter BG coming up..same faces 
@halohalotvshow Hoy Comadre Iniba!!! My new Twitter &amp; MySpace prend 
Make sure if you don't have me add me to Facebook &quot;Kyle Kalbfleisch&quot; &amp; Myspace &quot;www.myspace.com/kdiddy521978&quot; 
I like when I get over old crushes via Facebook, usually because they haven't aged well. *Some* of us have done all right. 
@RealAnnieDuke Aaaaannnddd, Annie has to explain herself on Twitter, too. Does it ever end for you? 
@newyorkhunter haha you're right i suppose. I'm a big fan of Anonymity and Vaugeness on Twitter. 
Playing Mafia Wars at Facebook 
@michaeldcarney But I'm disrupting the purported #gop renaissance on Twitter in grand fashion  #tcot And my Kossack brothers come soon
Twitter Achievement Unlocked: Linked to from someone else's Flickr page 
Plurk and Facebook.  ahahahaha )
HOW TO: Share Voice Notes via Twitter, Facebook, and Blogs: http://tr.im/mLne Hit me back with a phonevite message 
Off to Staffordshire today. Plus revision. And @natalidelconte is now a Facebook friend of mine 
Are we Facebook friends yet?   http://bit.ly/b1FNZ
talked to Angie about twitter ) she might make an account ) I hope she does... and Facebook too 
I'm new to Twitter, and wanna make new friends  Anyone on Facebook? http://tinyurl.com/ToniLive
