Most common words for this cluster:
[('fact', 249), ('truth', 70), ('reality', 55), ('true', 41), ('lol', 17), ('hates', 11), ('genesis', 10), ('matter', 10), ('facts', 9), ('amp', 9), ('haha', 8), ('rumor', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'fact', 0.8558622598648071), (u'truth', 0.6773762106895447), (u'actually', 0.6216948628425598), (u'LiquidViagra', 0.6156927347183228), (u'actuality', 0.6143791079521179), (u'reality', 0.6105594635009766), (u'true', 0.6013777256011963), (u"C'est_Vrai_means", 0.6004000306129456), (u'Liyer_wish', 0.592793881893158), (u'indeed', 0.587161123752594)]





I hate the fact that I'm genuinely excited about my last tweet 
loves her iPhone but hates the fact tjat she needs to charge it often 
linkedin is being really mongy for me tonight... in fact it has just sat spinning, doing nothing a few times recently 
Just going to go for a review of the GadgetShows top 5 freeware might get some of them,despite the fact half of them are poor 
@thejrod @idolan a problem compounded by the fact there's no coffee in IT  - sounds like monday 2.0
@bittenapple Yes, &amp; you aren't the first person to think so.   Adds credence to the fact that our virtual selves *are* extensions of us.
truth or truth?  I miss those nights...
sometimes it's just best for me to stay curious  rather than find out the bitter truth
back to reality tomozzz 
I took it apart, therefore I can put it back together - a fallacy that I'll never learn from 
is struggling with putting the concept of cutting down smoking into reality 
@kkartPhoto yeah but I nuked all of it soon as I got it. works great for me aside from the fact I can't load it to mac 
mini tour over... back to life back to reality 
is back to reality... 
Dreading the fact that I have to go to work 
back to reality ... 
back to reality. 
showered off... all nice an clean. And yes, my nerd did in fact fall asleep on me   sad face!!
@bexiclepop It obviously didn't like the fact that I was doing it on purpose. 
I hate the fact that I was sleeping so good and then got woken up by my kids who evidently can't sleep!   We'd better get to sleep in!
trying to come to terms with the fact that I no longer seem to enjoy wine  that's a bit grim isn't it?
I have not rite to be jealous, but paranoia mixed with past experience.. throw in the fact that I'd've loved to've been there.. 
@diecasthawaii true...my expectations are too high... 
i wish for the whole truth everytime you speak. maths 
Really doesn't want to go back to reality 
i hate the fact that everytime theres a good sale it always says *US orders only. it kills me inside a little every time! lol 
@fail_faec true, that was a stupid statement, the nikes w the blue and pink, lol, we lost our first game 
hate the fact that i'm miles away from my hunny !! 
dealing with reality 
@FoodIsNeat I'm even a little jealous of the eraser and the fact it never looses it's powers.  ...I have more to say but can't fit it in! 
@dawizonline I know that is the truth... 
@DavidArchie  if you only know haw sad i am knowing the fact that i can't go to your concert 
still writing the paper..i'm getting frustrated now..because now i know for a fact i'm losing sleep 
@MRNspace aaawww! mrn i hate when reality creeps in now and again... 
My brothers making fun of the fact that i snort when i laugh 
@viennakiss hahaha, its all good due to the fact of what else he got me. btw, I miss you 
@invalid_reality There were many parts that I absolutely loved. I'm so sad it's all over now. 
@zlatti true makes you feel kinds lonely doesn't it 
is getting to no the truth behind somethings!! 
collected my free tv... Its alot bigger than I thought it would be.... so big in fact, I can't get it out of my car! 
just waiting for the reality 
Eventually I am going to have to come to terms with the fact that the only energy drink I like has most likely been discontinued. 
Ahh feel ill  If you lie then tell the truth  which is worse the lie or knowing the truth ?
@joannahart so weird!  I can't really figure out what to do with myself and I can't come to terms with the fact that everyone's leaving 
Hates, no....sorry ....strongly dislikes the fact that he has to be in bed on such a beautiful day 
i hate the fact that tomorrow a will get some injections 
i hate the fact that tomorrow i will get some injections agaaain 
if i keep lying i'm going to drown in my own lies   but  the truth it's not possible not in this situation 
@genki_desu it's out of necessity 
@tommcfly It's just the fact you live across the sea, but I think I feel the same as you do..I think I'm getting the flue....NO! 
@mearmear How is that sad??? It's just the truth... I guess I have to face the facts huh? 
lying in bed. hating the fact that monday is around the bend. 
Should I start feeling dumb for not seeing the logic behind the clock theory? 
@strangeplaice It would be an achievement for me to have a lie in nowadays.  I actually hate waking up early.
is getting quite upset about the fact she's growing out of disney channel  .. though i still adore debby ryan ;D
@ renatamussi true but still pissed off 
I'm not liking the fact that I have to endure earthquakes alone now  The sound of my wines clanking made it worse
Nothing but the truth, often we only get half the truth which in fact is a great lie 
Such a harsh but true realization 
I am pretending hard to not have my feelings hurt by the fact that I didn't make the @sethsimonds cut. 
@mattylandolfo true story! It was a really sucky queue to be stuck in 
@moople72 what a rude reality it is 
i dislike reality, it makes me sad  
back to reality with a bump 
I like the fact that I'm going into jury duty with a fever. 
pre recording a radio show despite the fact that i forgot my hard drive  the selection is whack!
hates interviews &amp; the fact that even though she has worked in the store before has to go through the whole process again 
is stressing over C2 on fri and the  fact she can't concentrate 
@stephslikewhat i took for granted the fact you didnt have a clever reply. you never do, 
@Rachy555 as a matter of fact..no..lol...i'll miss my friends 
@J0rdster I'm so sorry, I totally forgot! You've now been subject to the painful realization of how disappointing I can be. 
@pursebuzz aawww..!!   oh well...atleast you won't get sad over the fact that you spent more than what it was now 
@ladymaryann it shouldn't be considered as denial....I don't enjoy that rumor 
Has a earache! (n)  however hair is still good as is the fact i have actual moneys (y) 
my stomach is not my friend today...in fact, I'd say it hates me 
A little unhappy today @ the fact that since being pregnant I've gone from a jeans size 12 to an 18  I hate my flabby belly 
latest rumor is we're not closing early 
@LeviFig The system is so messed up... It's a shame honesty and good intentions don't get you far.  Wish it would have worked out for you 
@MrTeaBelly i didnt accept it.. but the fact he tried to add me, made me know he had a profile..so i had a peek ...doh 
@ciara73 haha i always thought it was a stupid name honest :| :: random fact... crystalbel is creeping cause she doesnt know what to say 
@jesuschristweet: My existence is meaningless, what should I do? 
Everything is going wrong about right now.  Needs a reality check.
@kimpossible54 if only you were telling the truth 
Ugh. I'm such an idiot. Why do I keep on believing every rumor I hear? 
back to reality, back to job 
Lies...lies...lies....you just cant avoid to lie about practically...EVERYTHING! 
finally accepting the fact that all cute guys are taken 
Just checked my bank balance. I spend like a millionaire despite the fact I am nowhere near as rich as one. 
i am living in ignorance  :@
i hate the fact that it is so nice outsidee, and im inside doing revisionn 
@asheleybg That's actually not too far from the truth 
@MoneyMakinMatt shut up fool ....where you been at??? i dontlike the fact that you keep abandoning me 
@vexdigital  I still love the fact that you can't scratch them!!! That is a winner for me!!!
Home from marble falls, back to reality 
sometimes the fact that my health for the lack of a better word SUCKS really scares me 
@USelaine No!  I in fact made sure that cookie was never delivered. 
... in actual fact I'm just preventing myself from becoming the next hunch back. sorry old ppl 
@jellybear89 true &amp; cabs are so expensive 
@dramacrat because when you comment without knowing all the facts it just makes you look like an ignorant racist 
Hiding the fact I'm sick from my boyfriend bc he will make me go home and get better... I'm sick of the couch 
the reality that i'm moving away soon is slowly sinking in... 
@acelise05 i know the truth. you think that, because i am white, i have a small penis 
facing the consequences of speaking truths 
I hate the fact that I look really cute going to a funeral 
I can't be offended by the truth 
@drgnkiyo Even more horrible reality. 
this has been one of my worst days-i'm not going to 789  as a matter of fact i'm not ever going anywhere because my parents suck dick. yep
@themission13 that's a great idea actually.. but the fact is that i can't  wish i could, and the nearest country still far away from here!
I was humbled by the fact that an old woman had to help me down the path. She was probably in her 70's. 
I threw a surprise party and it went well, exc. the fact that the main element (the surprise) did not happen! Not sure I'll be repeating 
Facing the facts. i wish you were here 
@dianesmoore seriously D, i am most upset with the fact that i didn't get to see you. i still feel horrible. 
embarrassed. reality check 
I've always been there for you...sometimes i just miss the fact that we dont hang out at all. that's all. 
@chell93 i haaaate taylor and the fact that she gets lucas makes me jealous  hahaha maybe a good song will come out of it?
strongly dislikes the fact that she cannot write her ppr due trues because she needs help with it. 
@mvnz me either. not much. in fact idk if ill even be able to let you pay me at all :S i dont know how good i am at design anymore 
@daniithegirl true. go away! 
@livelaiqared I hate the fact that I'm not currently situated in that region 
@loisyoung92 true but i have 5 left   hmph
finds following a few of her favorite commedians a little depressing. Especially when they rub in the fact that they have money now. 
@cathyuk - i just saw   have to go now but will try again when I get back...in meantime-
Exploitation, misleading, doubt, cheating and abuse is the secret and importance of the dark society today. 
really hates the fact that its hot and has to revise  x
@ThisIsRobThomas  ain't that the truth 
I dislike the fact it's so sunny outside and I have to stay inside to revise. 
@heidianderson unfortunately no  however, i'll definitely be at dcon.
I hate the fact that I can't upload my photo  fitteslim
@Dannymcfly yeaah the life is full, full of surprises. fact 
I won. She wasn't happy. In fact, she said 'you're dead to me' 
am attempting to sort out under my bed,which i HATE doing due to the fact its very cobwebby and that equals big,nasty,terrifying spiders. 
@floppyarms its not   in fact my searches have shown it to be not as good..
Why is it so hard to tell the truth to the persons you truly love?? 
is devasted to the fact that she has only found out that polaroid discontinued their 600 film 
Shit fact of the day: @popjustice and I share the same hometown. One's done slightly better in journalism than the other 
Morning.. I'm not ready for reality yet tho 
@radioflyerx lol, that wasn't a fun fact. that was a sad fact 
@eleusis7 media beat up. statistically less indians than vietnamese, for example. simple fact - no one is safe, knife attacks on the rise 
thinking that the fedex truck with my shit got hijacked. it's the only answer for the lack of updates, aside from the fact that they SUCK 
@Thirdbase7 haha YES, there you go! you got it! whoo! but.. that doesn't help the fact I'm still hungry. 
@bootooyoo I hope so too cuz I'm really looking forward to the discussion after the fact. I've never gotten jury duty 
@ricksanchezcnn as sad as the killing of the doc is, what is even sadder is the fact there will other docs willing to do his job 
Really regretting the fact that I failed to clear the dust from my fan before switching it on -- dusty 
@luciemilan I think all of them aren't real  however, I think peter j. Is real.
The silence scares me cause it screams the truth 
the fact they think I should be crying over him makes me want to cry over him. It's like I have to start over 
is dealing with the fact that sometimes upholding the law does more damage than good....  
@askegg :: IThen is very sad and scary indeed 
fact I miss @ohmisshaleyann but she doesn't miss me back 
@NICOLEMONROE206 noooo !  but I have alternative advantages! Likee the fact I know damn near every club promoter in hollywood!! YAY! H ...
lost a shit load of followers  exam this morning how depressing!! should go alright tho i hope, apart from the fact i havnt read the book
@trailofdan  I can understand to a certain extent, but... no, I can't, really.  But it's not that they're no good.
HATES the fact my pic is missing...   I have no face....
@threemilesdown true that. I want some now, damn 
@BroadoftheDead and the fact that i meant all that as a compliment shows how it has warped me 
It's better that I should face the changes and the sad truth... 
@parags Ouch! I can see the truth in your statement but that is supremely saddening. 
hating this stupid assignment. hating the fact that it must be done by friday...actually, hating that it has to be done at all 
@BobbieTicknor I don't do rollercoasters. In fact, I get sick 
And I would have continued, if not for the fact I hit the only ball into neighbours garden and I am not going in 
@DianaMacfee what was this all about - it was completely down-played - I would've liked to have been informed after the fact - not happy 
On my way to work on the 101 and i feel totally naked despite the fact that im fully covered. I forgot earings!! 
@Dannymcfly you'll never reply me.. this is the truth! 
*flops* Why is my room getting hotter despite the fact that it is dark outside? 
@xoxomar you know what's lame? The fact that you were still in the lib when I got out of class and I didn't see you 
the fact its 5% indicates there's a reasonable amount to loose! 
@meerasapra LOL utter coincidence!! but its the only client tht minizes into system tray 
i hate the fact that i've been sitting here attempting to draw a top for my dress but can't - when it's round it is so much harder 
I find it hard to accept the fact that I can NOT lick my elbow. 
@lucyviret I'd like to think I was tasty, in actual fact it's just that I have a very appealing carbon monoxide signature 
really just wants to go home, and is getting anxious at the fact he can't 
back to reality....i don't like 
it hurts to know the truth... 
@esterlyn what a coincidence, I would love to see you too....but I can't 
I wonder if the fact I find The Simpsons reflect negatively on my intellectual capability and maturity 
I wonder if the fact I find The Simpsons funny reflect negatively on my intellectual capability and maturity 
Not so secret fun fact: I fucking hate wind, which means I fucking hate fans that are directed at me. But I can't really complain at work 
@TheCelebHost it's the truth. I'm in the entertainment industry...I see more dudes 
@heartcomics it's great minus the fact that the next/previous buttons hate me. 
My life has been totally destroyed by a jealous jerk who cant handle the fact that he screwed up and lost me 
@bbmanik clearly not. In fact I seem to get less and less hardcore every day 
@SeanHughes That's depressing if the rumor is true. 
In fact, I feel she isn't very empathetic to us men    #tcot #sgp #scotus
My PowerBook G4 is making an awful humming noise, I'm afraid of what that means, and the fact that I know I don't have the $$ to fix it 
@euphrosyna reality is always shocking. . . 
new profile pic.. the fact that i still have braces depresses the bajeezzieesss outta me 
i wish he would just tell me because i know the truth 
@mahaffy isn't that the truth.  
@simoncurtis the fact that you were there makes me even more upset i couldnt go 
fact: i still love him...you learn from mistakes, just hope i don't repeat them again. 9 days 
Upacking and loading the washing machine back to reality 
i'm so bored. boredom should be banned from existence 
@jamesmthomson I've never heard of those! I pussed out at the last minute and left it after all  I hate getting in trouble (true story).
@squirrelmaster That is, in fact, really gross. 
somehow they got me wrong and thought that i wasnt happy with my bfs ermmm size! that wasnt true and then he started to feel insecure  ...
@jreyes12 haha thats fact.     
@echothirteen that's ned's in a nutshell 
@nattatattat isn't that the truth.  eek!
@thearadburn we should meet up sometime. however, i'm busy until late july 
@ alternateroutes i'm gonna guess that is a very unfortunate fact 
i dnt like the fact iphones die quick  buhh then again i do keep playin around with it
doesnt like the fact threads are bieng made now :L i dont see the joke  ?
despises the fact that she will not be able to watch these kids live... only grow 
Hates the fact that she has a major allergy to cut grass now she's all itchy 
Hates the fact that she has an allergy to cut grass now i'm all itchy 
i hate not talking to you, and the fact that you'll probably never forgive me... 
it wasn't my intention to say that... i'm sorry... truth be told i think the opposite of what you think i said... 
Realizing that you should be depressed is never as fun as it was before you thought of the fact. 
Growing up seems so great in theory. Then it happens and it is great, but some of it makes me sad. I wish i was in two places at once. 
@MrMascara good to hear, hon...read your tweets much after the fact  ~ hoping you feels peace vibes soon...x
@thelightsilove haha irony. 
hates the fact that time goes by so fast whenever she's with happiness.  http://plurk.com/p/z1y7r
i hate the fact that i like need my inhaler to live, mines ran out so im like proper wheezing here 
at h&amp;m and hates the fact its impossible to find stuff that fits me 
back to reality.. 
 hates the fact that she has to work instead of going dress shopping with my cousin!!!
@wondroushippo oh. but I like the fact that it refreshes often.  
highly upset at the fact that 1.verizons so flickin expensive and that 2.i have no service 
has come to terms with the fact that @llaeak will soon over take me in tweets. 
@heathermarie79 unfortunately not. in fact now he is saying it could be a guy singing it. sorry 
hates the fact she scanned the wrong passage in all those commentaries she was going to use for her essay 
@Kalediscope jersey folk know the truth i guess  lol
And to think i knew it was diana from the start, doesn't change the fact i lost tho 
back to life, back to reality 
@ncompleteness true, I just don't understand it. 
hate the fact that i can't get over it!! why do i do this to myself?!?!?! 
@majorcakeent  cracking up is the fact that you arent putting my name up... so I guess there is a secret things as a secret huh? 
@citralukita it's habitual in our country that the bitter truth is mandatory to be kept secret.. 
I've realized the fact that I've become too independent for my own good. 
@ChristianIvann I wish to be this ;-) but the truth is this 
The reality is sinking in, and it is sooo sad 
@paopardz because you're back to reality? 
Sometimes the fact of mortality just gets up and punches you hard in the guts. 
strawberry picking was a huge failure due to the fact we didn't know where we were going and because it rained... sad times 
@deedeedet that and the fact they seem to be going all boyband 
is still sick - worse than ever in fact and its really pissing me off 
@misenscene you need to come to terms with the fact that i'm a tech idiot &amp; have a rather tempermental PC at work... 
back to life back to reality 
@jamesquek nothing in fact.  just need to know the budget then i can decide.
The shameful truth....my before pic I just found  http://twitgoo.com/tjrc
@aadchong my apparent stupidity &amp; ignorance of facebk features, that's how.  haha sigh..
Its almost midnight... Five more hours... Why doesnt she text me?  payback is in fact a bitch........
@stellarBELLZ  hope he aint get hurt tho   lmao #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis #genesis
Wishing that I could edit the fact that I screwed up my previous sentence... 
I would also like to know the truth. 
brooding over the fact that I cannot play age of empires anymore 
I got a new pre the only thing that I do not like is the fact that I have to  pay 60 dollars more per month to use it 
I miss some people terribly but I still can't get over the fact that they did some thing terrible to me as well 
Third wheel to 2 random ass people, lame. The fact that neither of them know my name, wayyy lame. The fact that this is the best I've got 
Some tortures are physical, and some are mental, indeed one that's both is dental 
@DucSloerie that's unfortunately the truth 
@rach_pwns_you that's probably due to the fact you where searching murderers all night 
@cocoy all good! except for the little fact that i can't have any form of caffeine. really sad about chocolates. 
I just hate the fact tat I got to redo my 10 layouts tmr. I hate workkkkkk 
Wish I had a fantasy factory to make ppls fantasy a reality. 
@mturner82 true. makes it difficult to eat though. 
@TonyWade I know  But we have to face the cruel reality.
the truth will set u free 
i HATE accounting.  and the fact that it is my major..
@RoseCavar The truth can be dirty 
No emails  In fact, no one seems to have talked about SHMUP overnight /doublesadface
Finally feeling better but now I'm just feeling down in tha dumpss  maybe due to the fact I've been in my bed for over 48 hours?
@djcool_m I had to leave and come back to reality 
@TownHallSteps1 no  lol feel worse as a matter a fact haha wbu? x
@jonathantullett true. true. crud, that means i'll have to wait until tonight 
@iluvtheresawang I've been mentally blocking out the fact that you're leaving 
@donfubar ...that is not, in fact, eipic 
back to life, back to reality 
Still upset over the truism (?) behind 'ride the white pony' 
back to reality with a bump 
@midgetmum true - but still 
the fact that i didnt get a wristband for the shikari signing is devestating 
is loving the fact that i am being employed to sit and stare out the window 
telling the truth is always hard. hpppfff.. 
@edrecovery true I just tend to not react that well 
@toddf ah, true enough. i guess i'll have to wait until i get home then.    thanks for the tip!
@DonnieWahlberg In fact, I can't even get the tour page to pull up on nkotb.com... at all. 
LOL that link goes with the fact that I want to see the movie...lol sorry 
I should just stop going to the mailbox everyday and just accept the fact that no more graduation $ is coming 
@randallrock #fact u was type rude to me in bogarts 
Not liking the fact that the seatbelt soign just came back on 
trying to find something mildy amusing on tv to take my mind off the fact that I didn't go out 
@KateEdwards not knowing I'm getting old won't change the fact I'm getting old 
@podblack It IS though!  I am so jealous of the fact you're getting those mails. 
it's painful 2 realize that u prefr not 2 hold on 2 a certain person nemor 4 d fact that if ull stay,u will only get hurt everday 
hates the fact that he is so selfish 
Still feeling sick. A matter of fact, feeling worst since last night. 
the fact that I can't pass this no matter how hard I try makes me lose motivation 
I hate the fact that it's going to rain for the rest of forever. I need to tan! And you cant excactly do that in hte rain 
@shailesh true, we can only ignore them...if they let us 
@ninjaavie89 i know! i wish he would realise that.  ...the only one i like out of them is taylor ...apart from the fact that she made a...
@MARoxas It IS kind of depressing... but what's more depressing is the fact that after so many years, nothing has changed. 
It's entirely possible that my severe allergies are in fact a.... cold 
I hate waking up,, cos i no i have to get back to reality 
@flavidz I don't know what is more disturbing the website or the fact that I got all 3 correct 
@frostedcouture do u know of a good cleanser? In fact I need a whole facial routine, my skin is so bad&amp; nothings working 
@jaeled and @TalkingSoup: I am not a cartoon housewife, contrary to popular belief 
i hate reality 
@BabyBerger, so sad indeed! 
@teamworks mann and the fact tht my internet is slow makes everything a million  times worse 
didn't sleep very well last night!! hardly slept at all as a matter of fact  i already feel headachy and meh!!
@noliberalspin I like your screen name. Sadly, reality has a liberal bias.  #tcot
@Tokenview baaaaaah! my desire for slapbands is overcome by the fact i'm about 1000 kilometres away 
@imreallygay Bleachportal is like the shittiest site in existence 
Hates the fact that he can even go out 
i went to tighten my earing, and realised that the pearl has fallen off! how sad!  (lol the fact they were fake is beside the point)
the truth..... 
I cant believe the fact that I can't be in concerts ......... 
is sad. can't accept the fact that i will go home alone. 
@fossiloflife  I am a mortal.. indeed ! 
I'm really understanding how fragile trust can b in a relationship. Even if ur being honest about a situation, it doesn't matter 
@JukeboxJbare i'm not enjoying the fact that i haven't seen you in years. however, you seem to be ok with it. 
matter fact i am pissed!!!!!!!!!!  (tear!)
It's not the fact that you lied to me. It's the fact that now I can't believe anything you say anymore.. It sucks 
@lguevara1990  I hate the fact that almost everybody has flat tv's... I still have the old ones...  
@brieenuutbutter dude. that's depressing.  he'll be missed. without a doubt.
doesn't want to go back to reality 
lol now im coming back 2 reality sux 
is beginning to wonder how bad is this economic downturn; the reports don't equal the reality  Why can't politicians be truthful!
I just finished installing the garbage disposal  I am really not feeling the fact I just did that... 
still dont  sink in the fact that she can never be mine 
Yes...that is rejoicing in spite of the fact I &quot;buried&quot; a family fish today.  He had been sick for awhile.
@aokidokie you should rejoice the fact that you can still eat, you know. I'm staarrving 
I am saddened by the fact that cnn looks to twitter for international polls... 
reality check... dreaming is nice, but i just woke up... 
@tomboone ain't that the truth 
@LeeConti no, it's a myth I'm afraid. 
@ddlovato I hate when that happens. I wish they came true  But i lose faith then i lose faith in reality when i dream.
@sheeby I'm more disturbed by the fact that the bleached denim means you can see her underwear, which is waaaay too small. 
back to reality 
Sitting in the taxi and i know for a fact i'm too dressed up  x
What do I do with myself in the meantime! Ehrrrrrrr!!!     
even if I try to develop this concept, the outcome will be a mushy, naive story.  I'm such a mediocrity.........
@nikkig618 true that :p @Bmtenney ha she won't tell me 
@littlemaiba I really don't like the fact that we possibly won't work together in the near future 
back to reality...lonly ass louisville 
yet another rumor 
back to life, back to reality... 
so i just made a realization, i never want to grow up.  when i was little i couldn't wait to be older and now...ahhh make it stop 
Wish we were more mature, argument has become a credo  #squarespace
The fact that I am so indifferent and negligent sometimes infuriates me. 
I hate d fact dat she's is becoming closer 2her 
truth to be told, this isn't how i wanted to be 
@lauraveirs unfortunately for me, I always mistake this with a sign that winter is near, when in fact it's not 
What's the point in creating a false image of oneself and their surroundings if the truth is completely different and easy to discover? 
loves garlic, but not the fact that his fingers smell like it days after cutting up and using it 
@Unleaded12 as amatter of fact... they both got stolen 
I wish I could figure out whether I'm comforted or depressed by the fact that we don't matter. Existential emo has to be the worst. 
@duality1 Sadly no. 
I am not, in fact, the bootleg queen  I blame seth rudetsky.
bag packed, s'all good. besides  the fact i have to leave alice 
Doing dishes and hating the fact that it's 96 degrees outside  too hot!
@webbtech sadly its bc shes still alive... when she passes it'll be news. fact of life 
@Ambee789  not a surprise but i am pissed nonetheless LOL
@briannagan true, but still..... 
@abigailrieley it's unbelievable. As far as I'm concerned, not giving lnfo is as bad as lying. I made it clear I wanted all the facts... 
hates the painful reality  http://plurk.com/p/13ubgo
just knowing about the inconvenient truth... spoil my happiness that lasted only 15 mins crapp..! 
Is back to reality 
@chinaealexander So sad indeed.    Where are you going?
@abikent09 is taking the pure mick out of my ill state and rubbing in the fact that she has been to the beach 
'Seek the truth, and the truth will set you free...' damn powerful..  harder than it seems. but definitely worth it. 
@JTownend true - blame @bcbournemouth for my addled brain  #datajourn it is 
@sonialexandra The concept of truth is irrelevant to survival, but the truth is whatever works is regarded as truth. 
@jugguhlette Its not denial, its truth. 
i want finger paints  .... waiting to fall back into reality?
@naskren28 ohhh, i like that quote.  I found a ring on anthropologie &amp; not too pricey either!  It's called in-plain sight 
@alexknowshtml you think that's scary, think about the fact that your mom &amp; most journalists have the same depth of understanding 
@davemark true that. 
@esoterismo I am just honest and I write a whole truth 
@calebcre:  i think u should know that I in fact own sf 
I state facts...can't help that 
@imrananwar  ***blushing, but happy to live up to your perception of me 
@JonathanGunson that's the truth if there ever was a truth!  
@_mind_the_gap_ These are both true facts....hope you feel better 
I'm human, pure human, in fact: 100% human 
in fact mustn't mistake grapes for boyfriend not horse 
A challenge; laziness; pure evil; or a penchant for words. All good options 
@BuddhaDogGirl i don't see why not - it's pretty damn close to the truth, non? 
@jorachim I shall. I'll also enjoy the fact that I just woke up. 
laughing at the fact that I am twittering. 
@stephenfry by assumption I will guess at littlebigplanet 2 
@krs_one doesn't change the fact it's out there! 
@NinjaChad --&gt; i agree totally with you on that fact! 
I am vegetarian  just a fact about me ;)
@amieewhitney:you speak the truth my dear  and I'm so going to get a poster.noone will want them here.hopefully they'll have some^^
@alithealien Still shining brightly here - in fact I am about to launch myself into the unsuspecting garden! 
@madeinhk in fact, company paying for it 
@shunafish bcause you are your own worst critic but we know the lovely truth even if you don't 
@KLSoltis with the reality being you guys are a mess 
@agirlinlove that's you in a nutshell sister.  you in a nutshell is funny.  
@illiomellio true true ... But I like to know everything  good or bad
@chewyfally I know I am. I was thinking about that while I was there. Pretty awesome, in fact. 
@pshbrittx3 haha true. that would be awesome! 
@AdamCrooklyn hmm fact: exotic mixed men are hot 
@mystiquetur as I matter of fact I did 
@crystalbutterfl I'm experiencing that right now as a matter of fact. 
@diamondiemeary I always speak the truth my dear 
@DavidArchie you are my sweetest downfall  i loved you first beneath the sheets of paper lies my truth
the maccabees new album is a winner ,everybody should take a listen fact 
@JessicaKnows @bethenny I have one fastsmallballbuster'y question. &amp; I promise not to weirdherout w/the fact it MAY be on my visionboard 
@AntiDepressiva I get motivated by the fact that I know I'll wake up and be more productive if I go, then if I sleep in, just me though 
is problem free for now.  atleast i already said to that person the truth.
@tommygun_ that is the truth. 
@msmack9871  I'm only telling the truth..... You know you have skills
Then me disliking you is a rumor!  cyndi! What made it look like i didn't like you?
No matter what I ALWAYS find out the truth. 
@debraoakland  Only telling the truth Dibster 
@justice_nd lol true true   I guess I can't really blame the watermelon craving soley on pregnancy either then huh? ;)
@Safety012 The fact sheet is far less important than the actual tools and equip! (yes, I know that is what you meant) 
@brittanny He's gay, so your latter suggestion might not have the same rhetorical effect as it might have on a straight dude. 
@j0hnnyv true that 
@ScottWilder ain't that the truth! 
@KennyC12 I saw you too. what a coincidence... 
@KISHAAA its tha truth ! 
@MrMikeReal isn't that the crazy truth. 
@LeighAnnMol  I was chugging cough syrup when you mentioned it, thought you'd appreciate the irony
@ArsenalSarah I have a terrible habit of thinking my sarcasm is funny and in truth it's usually only funny to me 
@foleyfresh lol - no, was busily replying to him &amp; deleting said links just then in fact!  still raging?
@mkoby Commonality in stories are the facts you seek.  You still might not have the truth, but you know where to start looking. 
@hookbill true that..... 
@missionsguru whew! I was SO worried about the reality of your southern roots. Only for a moment though. 
@deedee793 in fact, he is quite a catch 
@JordanC9122 bahaha true statement. washington is the best 
@GlitzyGloss whos he? ) i find it soo cute what you say. specially its the reality  :-*
Why must I wake up to reality.. When I can change it so I never have to wake up again 
I'm so happy its sunny...but rumor has it its chilly outside!  
@mccraigmccraig Possibly. The fact that it's a language I know moderately well may bias the results though. 
@devindaiquiri its not bad if its the truth! 
@Piewacket1 lol!  true (but i still want one  )
having a war with luke ! cause he's lying to himself that he does in fact LOVEEE mcfly like the rest of the world. 
Loves the fact if you type 'DarklightDave' into google all of the top results are for me 
@pinkbunny69 true. 
ishh true 
@SUMMERWALKER I love that quote ! And it's def the truth ! 
@HotDogJake I'd like to keep @MaryAliceHale's vision true so yup this one's all on you - enjoy 
@WordLiife yeppp true true! 
@thebrownboi just stating the facts 
I thought it was only going to get worse due to exams and the heat, but in fact, it's only gotten better. 
@rakhade_05 i think u should tell the truth... 
is in a good mood  despite the fact that she seems to have lost her class...
@timjlittle  @ourman They do in fact transcend borders. (and I could do this all day! 
@lincoln_gu not the food or sleep. in fact, they are awesome. 
does not have a tutorial now, woo! I don't have to explain away the fact I have written nothing! cakes received a round of applause. 
@supermANDREA haha  true, i love it theyre cuties 
@straydog611 major realities?  such as the fact that you're going to be our first official house guest? 
@belladonna20 I'm always amused by the fact it's highly difficult to be in a picture eating a banana and look...well....innocent. 
@pursebuzz aawww..!!   oh well...atleast you won't get sad over the fact that you spent more than what it was now 
@RZK5000 ok but we still need them stuffs to become reality. 
@andrewjpan not worth knowing  true.
@nordseth haha, true indeed 
@maheshmurthy hilarious conclusion. It's a joke, right? 
@jemimah_knight nope. In fact that's definitely a branch of agniology. I think its called 'bliss' 
@kirstenthompson Or just the fact that you're absolutely stunning. 
@angelofmusic11 As a matter of fact, she and I made the executive decision that you have to pick. So have fun with that! 
@ohsuperheroine it's no joke... it's the truth! 
@apwildman true  All is perfectly how it should be 
@w2scott LOL you just need to come out of the closet for the reality junkie you are 
@misrule_au - pleasure... i am full of useless facts! 
@wengyan_chow everyone of you are crazy twitterians too! The very fact u got on twitter puts u in that category 
I love the fact that I'm a senior now, and rule the school, bettcchhes. 
I said I make you smile for the simple fact I'm good at it, I make you smile so I can sit there and look at it  ya dig?
@hopeinhell @froosh love the fact we're compatibly insane 
@jupzchris ofcourse u WOULD say that considering the fact that YOU took that pic lol By da way, did u do the updates on the site yet? 
@smeeguel *slaps you back to reality* 
@DexterAddict Anytime.  It's the truth!
@ogrisel Would be nice indeed. 
