Most common words for this cluster:
[('family', 955), ('friends', 49), ('dinner', 38), ('home', 32), ('time', 29), ('prayers', 27), ('amp', 26), ('today', 23), ('day', 21), ('guy', 16), ('friend', 16), ('lol', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'family', 0.9431825876235962), (u'friends', 0.6877816915512085), (u'relatives', 0.6688268780708313), (u'grandparents_aunts_uncles_cousins', 0.6460203528404236), (u'Heartfelt_condolences', 0.6458672881126404), (u'mother', 0.6428835391998291), (u'familiy', 0.6348565816879272), (u'families', 0.6319001317024231), (u'famiy', 0.622893750667572), (u'siblings', 0.6189554929733276)]





heartbroken over little sandra. prayers are with the family. 
my condolences to natasha richardson's family 
r.i.p baby girl sandra cantu.....my prayers r with the cantu family, be strong! 
waiting to go to work...all my family is sleeping and I am not...  not fair.
@Lorenzohenrie i could go for some italian food right now, my family doesn't eat enough of it 
In savannah wt the other family 
@ThinkReferrals I don't know if my friends and family will support me... 
is hearing family drama coming from the other room.  
is doing a project  sucks! but looking forward to tomorrow, having greek easter with family!
I wish my family would accept me like they do my brother.  
I love how I get a picture every 5 minutes from my family in key west...I also love how I was invited. 
@SabrinaBryan I'm so sorry. I'll pray for your family. 
I miss my family 
family get togethers make me sad to leave everyone 
i hate when my family gets drunkk 
@mrskutcher It was scary what they were willing to do to get a pic, endangering my family &amp; others w crazy antics, reckless driving 
@whoissuresh not  fair i was  with family i did not  get a chance to  get the cd  yet 
my thoughts go out to the family 
Anyone inmy family want to introduce me? I cant find all my family members 
Definitely wishing I hadn't married into a family of Evertonians 
Missing family already 
 i dislike my family on my mom's side. I dislike visiting them.
I am missing my family and friends back home really badly today 
im missing my family.... 
The whole family is finally asleep and here I am wide awake 
@wobblybob31 naa family issues... 
I miss my friends, I miss my family, I miss my old town! i wanna back home  i dont wanna be here
Ever been 2 a restarant &amp; cant stop looking at that loud obnoxious family?  thats my family.     
I miss my bonding time with my family  I wanna go hooommmeee!
I hope they find saif healthy to think out of anyone that he would fall in the colorado river  godbless him and his family!
@pansv what's wrong with your mum? immediate family is good here, but my aunty is pretty bad  cancer is a nasty thing.
@pameyla it's true, my  family is very hurtful when they talk 
had the worst night ever, i need a new family. 
@julianclarke LOL.. how was the conference? I was meant to go but had a family thing 
glad to know my family bought tons of gluten food for the birthday party, and I can't eat it. 
@thejetset do you mind working away without it for a bit?I'm being called away by family members 
having family problems, bullying is not fun 
My family ruins everything   
missed a important day wit the family... 
@lemongeneration go ask the family  :|
@Adrojake one tv  parentals overruled with ncis. i hate my family sometimes hahahah
@Tommcfly  watching you on t4 cant hear it tho as all my family are talking over it 
@HodgePodgery i have to go to a family gathering since the show is canceled 
im growing a little tried of this illness now! i cant join in with the family all chillaxing outside 
@errantsock SAME! And no one in my family has bothered buying more tissues this week! 
is wanting to go buy  comic books but cant because of a stupid family thing 
why is it that my family will always take my little sister places without me but never me without her  is a bit sad really
Just heaard that adam cook david cooks brother loss his battle to cancer my thoughts and prayers goes out to him and his family 
@RyanSeacrest  so very sad, thinking of the cook family
feels awful for david cook and his fam...R.I.P adam  my thoughts are with david and his family 
Missed family matters tonight 
@RyanSeacrest awwww so sorry to hear that  he and his family are in my thoughts and prayers..
@ItsNotThatSer I'm sorry baby I got hung up with family 
On the skybus heading to tullamarine  quite down, i dont know when the whole family will be together again
still want to be with my family &amp; syg 
 how can someone hurt someone soo much ........aspecially to family!!!!
Why is it most my family have no style  one final down two to go
Is with the family right now, not a happy ocassion! 
@daveb41 i am really sorry to hear this. i am sure it's a sad time around your house.  my thoughts are with u and the rest of the family.
@Lorling it has been a harrowing experience for many people. I'm thankful my family is safe and sad for those who lost their homes 
i'm not looking forward to another family gathering 
My family hates me..... 
i should be really glad that i'm back home right?! but i'm not too  and im weary i wanna sleep but the family's having dinner elsewhere 
No I haven't been parting for the past 3 days. Family health problems  I should be back on tuesday.
No I haven't been partying for the past 3 days. Family health problems  I should be back on tuesday.
Going out for a steamboat dinner in this hot bloody weather. Family's idea. 
my family went to panera bread without me 
My baby has gone to see his family...I miss him and his adorable voice 
@temptationdice why did my family decide to have a family gathering?  i see why you hate them. -.-
@tirzaroemokoy yea they'd get a long together a while. but after that there are some friendship &amp; family troubles. too bad 
 my family leave is up, I have to go back to work today. So sad 
@sugabear70603 I wish all my family in houston. 
Why is it that with my family every holiday has to suck? So ready for this day to be over with that way my family might be normal again! 
Missing the family! 
who wants to get breakfast cause my family went without me 
At a chinese buffet with the family.. not too tasty in my opinion.. 
Being the youngest in the family = getting in trouble for everything 
@DvineExpression My prayers are with you and the family! 
http://twitpic.com/50vxz  here's the collage I made for the funeral for his family!  
i miss my family.  take me home please 
the bf has a family dinner without me 
I love you murphy family &lt;3 
Just really, really angry. I want to trade families. 
@iamjonathancook I'm sorry to hear that!  I hope.. No I know things will get better.. I'm keeping you and their family in my prayers!
@kmacc1 so sorry  thinking of you and your family
site after site after site failing. i just want to watch family guy  
my family is picking on me 
waiting to go out with the family 
@PotFace i hate my family 
I hate living sooo far away  from my favorite side of the family 
missing my family 
saying goodbye to our lovely family... in the mountains. 
my fam is headin back to the rock today  i love my family...
I'm going to miss my Family 
So bored A beautiful day and I was hoping to spend it with my little family 
@NikHampshire, I really wanted to go but was dragged out to family dinner cause my brother also graduated and got back super late. 
@missannajane worse than any normal monday! horrible family attempted suicides! very sad 
@DavidArchie I was about to watch your concert here but had to attend some family reunion..sad  I heard it was very successful. Congrats!
i'm nervous! my hands are shaking. my dad called me just now and said that me &amp; my family will get injections soon 
@stinavai i miss our sunday family dinners  come back will u??? plzzzzzzzzz
We are in london but still not close enough to home...i miss my family  
@2and12sleeps seeing my family off, they're going to china/hk without me 
is missing my bro and his family already 
is missing her family 
@Lombear  I totally know how you feel. Sucks big-style. BUT at least you're safe, especially important with growing family!
@jessy8593 I'm so sorry to hear about grandma, my condolences to u &amp; the family. And feeling sick isn't fun either 
@agent_m sorry to hear that.  they're members of our family, aren't they? losing them is just as bad as losing any human.
oook, every1 needs 2chillllaxxx a/b the boat,&amp;that includes u @nkotb &amp; @donniewahlberg....we're all family here...no need 4 hurt feelings 
My last day here and I changed my mind I don't wanna leave my family and friends 
so much for family first  
@DontEverThink I can't because the family is lame and watching rugby 
@irishbubbles and @staceysheehan - stop fighting you're tearing this family apart 
i miss my bb brotherrr  and my lost family
Realizes that family is a very fluid term. 
I hate my family  They don't understand me 
@foxandfriends I've had one paid week in 5 years!  Family biz  But our employees do get paid vacations.  We don't need gov to force this
Waking up and wishing that I had just had a really bad dream last night instead of loosing family 
Still in santiago i've had a good time here with my best friend but i miss my family  and my computer xd
i miss everyone I love..my family, my ship, my pro, my baby jay...  so boring at work
packin up to go home  why can't all my friends and family mocve here with me?
wow family guy has gone downhill. 
@djsamhouse so sad for tyson and family 
@heykim Awwww... I'm so sorry to hear about that.  I hope nobody got hurt. You and your family, will certainly be in my thoughts &amp; prayers
I miss my family of friends 
bloody hell family over do it sometimes 
@llorracanit just some bad news of ill health in my immediate family 
my family ate all my brownies 
@AliceCullen4 the family and especially nick! 
i really should stop relying on my family when they say their going to get me lunch 
aww only 15minutes left of family guy 
I wish I was in dallas with the kiddnation family 
Going to meet the new family I'm babysitting for... Wish I was still sleeeeping 
is cleaning the house for her family who is comming later today.. 
@lram2 What!?!?! I can't believe I had to find out this way...don't you ppl contact family first??!!? I'm so sad!  Who was it?!?1
family comes. probably won't be on this weekend 
traveling to L.a today to see grandpa in hospital..Yet another road block to cross fro my family 
traveling to L.a to see my grandpa in the hospital...another road block for my family to cross.... 
I can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday, family health comes 1st 
keep @lulion07 and his family in your prayers. his lil bro jus passed away 
@laurenyant which means i spend more time alone than with friends and family. how sad 
@ladyloki idiot family and how I have been feeling just don't mix amongst other stuff 
@fly_meaway I'm sorry hon  I know how it feels though...I'm usually crazy but at a family gathering I'd probably hold back like that also
Visiting family in hospital = not fun 
Just finished bowling with my family.  It's definately not the same as with my friends
The ballerina family is super nice, albeit a little too controlling of their son's life, but the bayou family is so judgemental. 
it was a nice vacaton away from my family but they should be back soon. it was good while it lasted? 
my whole family has the cruds  oldest son is over it, youngest is on the mend, and me and hubs have the yucks now.
who knows maybe her last name is different now. i cant find any of her family to get in touch though 
Praying for a hurting family!  #fb
agh such bad pain. I wish my dog would stop barking and that my family was home 
@OJthekid awww poor memo.  I'm not going soft promise on my laker family. u know I think melo's cute Lol
family problems are the worst... especially when your parents hurt  
I'm ready for this weekend to be over. Or for my family to go home anyway. And I hurt. 
i just realized i've been so busy lately i don't know whats going on with my family, they are beginning to forget about me. 
is off to cousin's place for a family gathering because my niece is soon leaving. 
Hates working weekends  i want to be home with my family...
http://twitpic.com/6950y - my favorite family they better not get a divorce 
staying in on my own -  family is going out and non of my friends want me 
An Amish family just passed in their buggy. The horse drawing it looked really malnourished. 
aint at the park stayed in cas my family left me 
@heavensent2619 sorry for jettin out like that but that was a family call right before I left 
family gathering equal to have a lot food to my tummy!!  :p
Disappointing my family. I'm sorry   http://myloc.me/25f1
Just woke up ...last night was amazing! I'll forever remenber it. I love my 8th grade family. I'll miss you guys. 
@zoeLULZ oh  where is your family?  I'll dance for you, that would be entertaining?
Feeling neglected and uniformed by my family. 
Is watching gene simmons family jewls. I have a cold 
so yeah my family freaking goes to potbelly, without asking me if i wanted to go 
@TessaDare  @angelajames  here's 1 i got a few wks ago: A family reunion in the future will be a success... it ended up being a funeral 
I have no clue where my family is 
with all of my family, daddy, i miss you 
@neethiisaac really wanted to be at campies tonite... but i was picnic-ing with family and didn't expect to return to blr only @ 9pm! 
Feeling a bit sad. Too late (again) to go to jazz festival.    http://www.festivalamschloss.de/    But it was a nice with the family.
@kkappuss i'm missing family bonding!? 
going to the viewing with the family and the boyfriend &lt;3 ughh its so depressing wearing all black 
cant stop thinking about the family that is about to lose their little boy 
@xXMCR_LadyXx don't worry i'm bored too... mikey has some family thing that he has to go to 
whole family left me  can someone bring me food?
waiting for pizza... i am so hungry....family issues as well... 
@xxlizzyloserxx My aunts friend adopted her. But she couldn't get the whole family. 
@DawnRichard my rain is when I think about my grandmother...I miss her sOoooo much...she was the glue that held our family 2gether!!! 
on the way to the family party...about to crush. I miss my phone 
@treerootandtwig   I hope you and your family feel better soon!
broken hearted, over the sudden family emergency, that now ends TOTM reunion shows!!!  !!!!!!
@erwinyi that's like everyday with me now with the new family addition 
I miss my family already 
aiyoh family photos only 60% done 
@saramcole nope, other side of the family. 
Intense family conversations are always fun 
....gosh I love my family, and will miss them SO much if we move 
family parties are the business. chilling with @rachelwehrman, leah &amp; michelle. so much food 
missing my family 
I have been ditched by my family.  *sitting alone by a dying fire*
is sad his family is gone 
Misses her family more than ever 
Is wondering how a family of 4 with a moderate income are so broke...praying we are able to make rent this month...   
Massive family lunch, how exiting to see relative I talk once with in my life, I'll bring a book to read 
I can't be away from my family! I want them to leave next to me 
i miss going on family outings. something i stop going on more due to revision. i really miss them though 
I already miss my family 
@dailycoyote That's just terrible   I get upset when my family does that, can't imagine strangers doing it.
so good to see my family again. ive missed them all so much! 
I really miss my family 
holyy shitt I woke up crying..... I had 3 differen't dreams today all about my family dying... and everyone blamin it on me 
Waiting, sitting and chatting when my mom talk too much with her family 
Sitting @ breakfast with my family. Not looking forward to the next two days 
can't wait to see my family next month  
church by myself because my family doesn't love me 
My whole family is going boating today  fml.
close family friend died yesterday. 
missing dad! missing colorado! missing family and friends! 
is getting family sick and wants to go see her family in india 
  I miss my family and friends.
I'm feeling glum  after seeing all the family and missing all the young 'uns grow up
had  a great afternoon with the family and ALL the dogs... don't wanna go to work now  
i missed my family! 
Missing my family 
Every single day i wake up to an empty house. Family out having fun together. I am never ever included 
Car shopping with my family. Not for me 
Waking up really late stinks, missed an opportunity to see my family  at least my hips are feeling a little better
At sears with family so my brother can find a grad suit. No reception here either 
Missing my family right now.  Just talked with @theboydbettis and sad that I missed this morning.
cat put to sleep, family mourns 
just said good bye to her family until late july. 
@upsgurl She's with her family until 6 or so.  She can't make it.  
@stevetilley we are going to miss you! but take care of family 
Yet another family Bbq, they arent fun anymore 
@jeffdahl some personally family issues came up that may hinder my trip 
missing the family 
I cant believe that w/ everything my family has gone through we now have to go through this /..i dnt kno if im strong enough for this one 
hella family over the crib.imissher 
please pray for my sister and her family.... 
just got to frostburg for work this summer and it sucks cause there's like no one here and i miss my friends and family back home 
and i wonder what's behind the butler... i dun't want to think he's plotting sthing against the family..  i luve him.
@tallespin hi cannibalspin why did eu eat the japanese for lunch their family will be so sad 
My family's dog died 
my prayers are w/ the families of the plane that has crashed 
@doublemule I got it. then had to go family stuff  sorry could not reply before bedtime.
needs lots of thoughts and prayers for my grandmother (having surgery) and our family today! 
i miss hanging out with mah family 
@rocketgirl13 care team works with family members 
if there's anyone who needs to see my family even less than me, it's him 
just got word that a dear family friend who was like a grandfather to me growing up passed away... 
more and more of my family members are joining me and following me on twitter, but the bigger question: are they sticking around? no 
@fourtotheside You and your family are in my prayers. I'm sad to hear about that. 
*I need a family*   
i wish you could choose your family 
It makes me absolutely crazy to see my family (or anyone) throwing recyclable items away. The talks obviously do no good 
@ddalton27 that i get crazy cause i have only slept 2 hrs yess...then have to be with family until like 10 or 11 
i like how everyone in my family doesn't remember my name the first time they try to address me 
fixing dinner and then off to work out with family...but still feeling sick from incenses 
@kenjbarnes1 nah man. Family time for me tonight broham  we gotta hook up soon. U going to it?
so tired  been away at the coast with family
@heycassadee awwwh  im so sorry . i will pray for him and his family ;')
Is sad and mourning the loss of a family member 
Last family meal in 5536. 
@gaskarthian I've been spending too much time with my family 
is so freaking sadd ... SO much for my family heirloom necklace seeing as it is currently floating at the bottom of a pool lol 
I really miss my family. I wish I could go home. 
@krisalderson i know what you mean. i will be praying for the families 
hanging with family....miss my baby 
All my friends and family is hanging out in the old quebec, but i am not 
@ayudevina i'm moving to a new city in 4 days and i'm gonna miss my family and friends 
@ruch I visited few families last fall n was surprised to see a lot of broken heart/families/relationship. it was terrible. can't imagine 
@lisaxjbx3 my home town anymore and seeing all these threads are making me remember all the great times, family, and friends i have there 
@Verdia I really can't find this funny.... I find it hurtful. Family shouldn't act this way towards each other. 
Feeling huge and fat after a day at the beach with family and friends 
i am up waaayyy 2 early  stupid family waking me up...
@wendypalazzo Aww, I'm so sorry  I hope you find comfort through your family.
getting ready for family therapy..madness will ensue...can't wait 
you cant chose your family 
My condolences to the families who lost their beloved at that fly 
My condolences to the families who lost their beloved at that flight 
Disapointed about some people of my family  ... xD
@xturtle Once the whole family is done being sick, we'll come over. It was C over the weekend &amp; has now spread to both of us. 
my family/life is falling apart 
is missing my AMARANDE family. 
@RaKinah It isn't a family vacation if everyone can't go 
sad for airfrance447 families 
Goig to pray for passengers family's ,they must be in shock 
REALLY wish my family didn't have to leave me tomorrow... 
just crossed the kankakee river    i need to go back soon &amp; see my family. *tori*
Just as fast as I gained a new family member, I lost one 
@TrishaRivera Ahhh bb I'm sorry to hear that.  *huggles*  Family, can't live with 'em....can't live with 'em
of course I'm not going swimming that would mean my family liked eachother and wanted to be together 
@bkGirlFriday ::gives you a huge hug::: my condolences to you and your family 
@Southernbelle32 i'm sorry to hear that sending prayers to his family and friends 
@DangerAdamJonas I'm sad  my aunt died , she was so happy and she always tried to the family get closer,but I know she's fine.
trying to decide when to go out to california..... i miss my family 
I don't have a really family ( it's hurt so much but it's true 
oh..condolences to Panching's family  very bad incident. http://plurk.com/p/y26w8
@aliholden LOL ~ maybe you should have punched your cousin; I'm sure that it was warranted [family can act stupid when there is a death] 
@pollygeegee I cried too. What a tragic end for such a lovely family 
@_pants_ devil woman! no this is a family dinner 
Just when my wife is beginning to feel strong and confidant in our HSing, a family member manages to shoot her down 
yay new addition to my sims family!! i dont want the baby to grow up 
Broadcasting is done for seniors.  missing my dysfunctional family already.
Now I missed out on paying my respects and the family probably think I am an uncaring thoughtless cow 
has lost two family members in 2 years  *al-fatihah*
@amiestuart your poor mom and poor you.    and so scary to see it hit so many in family.
@dahowlett unbelievable. annoyed as no choice for destination where family lives. normal airlines not flying there  #oripoff
@LisaMurray if you need to talk I am here. I know all a out family drama 
so freaking bored sean's  out with his family so i have no one to talk to 
@LilMissOpinion lol, but I'd go alone, cause all my friends (or family) are working.  kinduv a bummer!
@georgezack o sorry, I drive that way to visit family but can't help 
Watching the family that preys... Boring so far 
@CityGirl912 I really hope my family can get some of those vibes. I really do wish there was peace here  thankies &lt;3
camping this weekend...with the family  save me please?
Thanks for all the follow fridays.  Family is whinging so now I have to cook dinner 
i think my family hates me they are having this tendensy to keepwaking me up every 4 hrs. and the birds outside are helping the cause 
@JavaCupcake so I worry about my family all the time! 
I'm getting bitched out right now because I used 1300 mintues out of 1500 on a family plan I hate sprint I want to go back to t-mobile 
ugh just got off the phone with my aunt. i come from such a negative family, it's easier to notice when I'm away from them.  happier away
@lunar_scythe I wish I could take two or three from you ;) I love cats but as long as I live with my family I'm allowed to keep only one. 
praying for the Wilkes family! 
really wish I was going to florida with my family tomorrow 
Such a productive day finally done, but super sad I'm missing the suite at arlington w the whole family 
family can really annoy me sometimes 
I almost ran over a whole family of quail! 
family night...no worship night 
My thoughts &amp; prayers are sent out to the 'Bagus family'! I hope you all stay strong through out this very difficult time!! 
My family is a bunch of hicks 
i miss my family.... 
@lafemmeluna he's had that before, he said this is worse than that. my whole family has kidney stones though 
@NoahReich so his family will be less mortified probably...  whos having the speculation?
Now I'm sick..which means there is no doubt the entire family will get as well!  
@caitieparker I extend my deepest condolences to you and your family. 
I never know about family events 
i feel as depressed as i did in february of 2007.  my family notices it. not cool.
is having a cuppa with my family in melton. feels wrong 
I hate it when I'm forced to attend family functions. I'm not close to my cousins so stop forcing me! When will you ever understand me? 
@JosieJigsaw: you're invited to mine, but unfortunately, its at the same time.  i wanna be at yours. More fun that family reunion. Lol
aw, my familys back now 
@ayudorama btw bb, i was wondering.. what's going to happen to the family song now?  it was created not long ago even.. t__t
damn, jeff hanson died?  no good. my thoughts are with his family.
@Tarrrahh i was yelling -shiftyeyes- and my family already thinks im quite weird  and if i yelled i would interupt my parents movie 
miss..... cousins  lajutah family gathering             P.S feeling despondent
I was born in the wrong family....     How could I run away from it???
ohh  my family have a big fight at home. why can't I have a normal family like mileys?
@soljaboy2009 hey..yah I'm new to this too...I only get 4 friends following me LOL  how are u? How's the family?
I found ze family but then they started talking and i missed the quiet 
@Laanetweets   so sorry.  no family?  it's so hard
clint graduates tonight, nooo  i have to spend the whole evening with his family, ahhh 
@UnusualChris  me too. mj's going with her family and so no cinemas for me 
last night with the extended family.  sleep..waking up at 5 to see my cousin at his army base!
I just had to put my family's cat down 
sending pictures to my family back home. Its so gloomy outside and I want to goto the beach! 
i may or may not have been named after 3J from family matters 
getting ready to yell got family coming to town not very excited there not the best pppl to be around 
bought first netbook of my family. acer asphire one. it is for my wife, not for me ... but she haven't touched it yet 
@Nellyxox I know. I had made this awesome family and now I have to start over 
I am about to go to a family reunion.. i dont know like anyone  lol
On the road again. I'm going to miss my family 
@iDesk Have they found the wreckage as yest?? At least some families will have closure.  very sad time for the families.
Wishing jay was here with the rest of the family 
my life is fucke up now  every thing family friends  gf .. ahhh 
@melisaxoarchie he said it's too hard being away from his family!! 
@pastelpastel So sad...but I totally understand the need to be with his family...we'll miss him on tour. 
had a really good time with the family shame my boyfriends not here  really miss him.
I am already so sad to leave my family 
The family is very supportive at this time! I miss you mama!!!! hurry up! :S 
@family2point0  I wasnt   Any pics?
Camping with amy and family. Really miss chris. 
@pato_30stm  yes i agree so tragic....so sad for his family and all his fans 
heartbreaking talk with my dad. He refuses to stop being homophobic  There goes the idea of family christmases anymore.
@all_is_one84 Just missing my family. I hardly ever see them. 
wants to be off already, but dreading going home due to &quot;family discussion&quot; 
@sciville my family went to see it but I couldn't go 
omg sabrina your killing me! forum family will survive! it has to 
Just left my baby and family to go to work miss them already.  
When my family together, i learn. When they're gone. I forget what i've learned 
I relise how looky I am: I still have e grandads @ 2 granmars left but I don't see my full family. 
Eating popcorn in the backyard w/ my family and trying to making it sound interesting ( wished i went to dairy queen  )
My family is so fucked up. 
@NatiChan i know  but im watch tv with the family and they dont like the laughter
@jclayville @BrianClayville I'm so sorry for your loss  You, Holly, and her family have been on my thoughts and prayers today.
Ive missed my family 
at the hospital with the family hopefully grandma will be okay. 
I miss my family and my grandparents! 
missn my family like crazy right now 
they are fighting.  there goes family day.
I miss my family  and I'm sick  
exhausted. all i wanna do is see my family in the A but i don't think i'll be able to  so bummed.. night everyone
going to sleep soon. i miss my family 
@kpereira I tried to love your family but your brother had me arrested and pressed charges. 
My uncle returns to usa on saturday, this family wont be complete 
My extended family, doesn't care about us  lol
What do you do when your family is falling apart??? 
No zoo.  but We're doing something today. Family from kentucky left
Having a huge family dinner but why do I have to kiss every1 
Is my family mad at me? 
family's over to bad i cant stay 
@PinkHelloKitty2 haha thanks.  aww we didnt even get to get brunch.  we came home and had a cookout with my family.
Having lunch with my family but without my sister  i miss her! 
It was so good to see all of the family this weekend, and all the little ones. But now i have to work 
just home family is over for supper. 
Family lunch at PANERA whhoooo. Not the whole family is here 
@dougiemcfly It's so sad see dogs without a family...  
i have such an unreliable family..  brother isnt paying his bills so now the internet will be cut off. gahh   cant wait to move out ! x
A nice visit from family comes to an end. Always sad to see them go 
@reba You are a blessed woman!  I miss my family 
@nileylovex I didn't get 2 watch it yet  I'm having a cookout with my family. I'll watch it when I get home
Not a good evening. Just found out a family member is in a coma. 
spending time with my family at my grandparents...remembering the good times when they were here with us 
missed going to the zoo with the family today 
@AnaCristina78 I'm only on 6  I would be farther but I don't have my laptop...it's being taken care of so I have 2 use the family comp Lol
My family is ridiculous 
I really miss the times we shared when we were a family.  but I'll never forget our memories.
also, i really miss my family now. 
My entire family including my son are at my parents house and i am stuck here...alone 
Missing my family lots tonight 
movie time than i guess dinner with the family. i miss my gf 
@KarrieLyne *big hugs back* offline alot, my whole family has been down with the flu 
I hate to say this but so far this is probably the worst vacation i have been on. i just want to cry.  i am glad my family is here though.
I'm just pissed because I only washed my hair once   &amp; then I went out of town. And why does she have to take from the family?
i miss my family 
@sarawhat i want to be napping but i am with family 
This week I got to interview a family and write a safety plan. I will follow up with my family next week. I also miss my Lil'Foot 
was really looking forward to seeing family after 3 years....i wonder when i'll get to see them now? 
feelin better, miss my lovely family already 
Is reluctantly taking her cat back to her original family. Just not that right time 
All the family is gone..the wedding/family reunion has officially ended 
It's school holiday but I didn't even get to see any of my siblings..oh well that's family..i guess 
@cherrygrace I'm so sorry to hear that you and your family had two big losses so quickly in succession  
Suddenly misses hometown, relatives and friends back home. The life without responsibility and stress! 
@skydogv that poor kid!  so sorry he has seen that and that he's been hurt...biggest blessings to him and your family!!! *hugs*
Just found out my dad has pre -cancerous cells  must run in the family
@daniellellanes I know we don't know each other but sending out condolences to you and your family. It's sad in any case. 
Fighting with family is a bummer!!!!! 
missing my family and friends 
no we dont have snack pack family pack. 
@reykai I don't mind my mom at all. And one of my nephew cause he's cool and open minded. But your extended family? 
the poor kinsella family 
Really miss my friends and my family 
so now i can fly down to chch and see all my family have to say goodbye to my mum  she has alzhemers has forgotten us all.
I'm sad and torn. I hate when family and career clash! It sounds like a no brainer but it really isnt 
I don't think it's very fair that my husband's having a nice inpromptu (sp?) pub lunch with my family when I'm stuck at work 
Looking forward to a day of family assessments--wishing I was working on my dissertation instead 
missing my family  this weekend went too fast
Sitting at the house waiting for the family to get back so we can start this fucked up family vacation  arent i too old for this?
Having dinner with my family ^^ having seen anyone yet on swagbucks 
going downstairs to persuade my family to take me out somewhere i'm bored 
no longer talking in skype wif family... 
I miss my family. 
@anni_does And I still didn't get my host family  Slowly, I'm getting nervous!
@kat_la I'm so sorry.  I'll be thinking of you and your family.
@ghosthunters88 well i could be watcing southpark or Family guy but instead I'm stuck watching a black screen 
In my relationship and families class, talking about divorce... What a bummer 
missing my family 
grrrrrrr family are doin my head in 
nothing lasts forever not even the family 
dinner with matthew and his family now... i feel so poorly though  i hate being miserable!
@HyunDavidChoi I am eating too much because I miss my family  so stressed!
All my family and friends left me 
hmh i have allergies  i cant wait to go to the beach with my family, and my best friend, i miss vivi terribly, she cant be with me the
geekgasm stymied by potential impending loss of a family member 
My family's health is at risk and I am not having that!! We will get to the bottom of this...Watch and see!! I am furious 
just missing my family 
had a wonderful dinner with family...now back to the anatomy &amp; physiology grind 
in bed watching family guy. I feel sickyyy. 
@iBANG to you like family 
Sitting in the hospital doing work while dealing with my wonderful... Family. 
my family's teasing me 
@clmaggart I'm so sorry about your dog. I know they become a member of the family. I'll pray for you all. 
family events all booked 
goodnight my cyber family.  
Trying to work out the family vacation plans except now I am planning for just me &amp; the boys. boo 
's bf lost his grandmother last night.  He and his family are in my prayers.
I'm so blessed for my family! I miss my siblings though, I want them home with me! 
my mum is destroying her own family. 
i wanna go home. i miss my family. 
was out for most of the day due to a family emergency.  now, karma is down again. http://plurk.com/p/11b4q9
There is argument among my family members 
i wish i could sit down with my family for dinner.  they love too far away.  
In the airport again heading to az to see my family...wishing I was still with mike tho 
waiting to learn if the layirfs will affect our family I'd not is driving me crazy. trying to keep busy but it's not really working 
@bookworm_su What?! I'm sorry to hear that!  I'll be praying for you and your family. &lt;3
at school.....wishing i was with my family 
mom i want to go home. i miss you and the family. 
going to eat at cicis with my family one last time before my dad leaves. 
Still feel really sick hopefully my twitter family will take care of me 
@simonisCRUNK aww two people in my family have died from cancer. I know how you feeel 
Just learned that my friend's father just succumbed after ailing for a while with cancer  Condolences to her and her family.
@shanellelee Our most sincere condolences to the whole family. 
I think my whole family is burnt out.  everyones tired.
driving back from the family reunion 
home &amp; exhausted &amp; loving my family but still missing nashville a whole lot 
today i was informed that i have no family.    anyone know of a cheap 1 or 2 bedroom apt?
@lisarinna  because of the papparazzi hounding her and her family. 
Missing my family and friends back home  they always know how to get me laughing 
I sad goodbye to a friend that left the town.How many souls from my spiritual family do I have to be physically separated from? 
It feels as if we lost a family member. ohh 
i dont like it when sad things happen in the family, its quite upsetting 
i miss my grandpa  why is this one so much harder then the others?? was it because we knew the others were sick?? why him?? why our family
@coconutwheel can't  got family plans
is missing her family 
just saw a funeral wake service turn ugly. It is a fallen world after all. No surprises there. Sobering to see what family members can do 
why do families have to be so awkward 
i offically dont belong to my family  wtf they talk to much shit
It amazes me how little faith my family has in me. 
Wish someone could help my family financially. 
If it wqsnt family vaca. I'd be there....   
I feel so bad for the family of the little boy who died from E.coli  He even went to carpenter's elementary, that is sad :/
prayers n thoughts for r friend and his family @daveb41   ****hugs*****
Its so so sad when u cant even call family. . A family 
@squeemo awww  i live kind of close so i can go down as much as i want (after i get a job &amp; car haha) now its only w/ the family
siblings r buggn me out rite now .. i need a vacation 
i miss my friends and family 
   I just lost a member of my family 
@jdeverter so sorry to hear that  my heart goes out to you and your family. know how hard it is to lose a matriarch.
missing my family 
@nkangel74 sadly jon and kate are a mess. i love their family its sad to see them driftin apart 
@Worducopia I wish I could attend the blogger retreat. Finances are extremely tight for my family right now, so it's not possible. 
back home from celebrating with the family! aw i forgot how fun it is hanging out all together! im sure going to miss them 
@seaheidi also i was so sorry to read of your family friend's passing.   i will say a prayer for them &amp; you all tonight.
@erikdnieto how can u say that about family guy? 
@dannywood love the city myself...hope to move there one day...i miss my family and friends  in beantown...
I hate when they argue, they're like my other family and it just makes me sad 
super tired.... but i cant sleep... family flying in from BeLiZe.... (sigh) i need entertainment... or food... or both... 
last night with the family i hate this part 
so no dallas, no reik, no family  that means heavy drinking on the plane!
i just an so tired of being in ohio when all my family is in new jersey.  I need to go home for awhile.  I am missing my family 
@Cunninghamster *sigh* not really...long story. well not long, a death in the family  thanks for the concern x
shopping.. with the family.. fuuuuun -.- and my stomac hurts 
hate my family.. 
One check for a family who had their car stolen! And one for a family where the son and the mom are battling cancer! 4 funerals 
Wondering why my friends and family are taken from their children so young. 
sad that most of my family is enjoying the florida beaches without me  i hate missing out!
We r having a family gathering at home o mane labsaa 7jab  o am wearing a cute dress but weld khalte will come we3 shyabee
wishing my family could catch a break... 
my prayers are going out to the families of the charleston 9 
dinner with family. i miss my friends 
@RunAftrHairPiec I bet my whole family is no longer on skyward 
Please pray for my family as my grandpa passed away today. 
I hate crappy family dynamics 
I miss my family. I never spend time with them anymore 
didn't sign up for this type of broken family lifestyle...    at least I found $5 at the track...
@mushoomoo thanks! I hope my family will be fine 
Already just 5 days here and i love it! I still miss my family though 
@san92 I'm reading that one too..cried on the way home! sad family story 
family interventions suck ass 
@beameanie  I'm thinking about you and your family.
is in one of those sad moods. I need to go home now, miss my family. Suks! 
Sitting at a hospital on the ground.  Family is fine but friend is in need of prayer -&gt;-&gt;i&lt;3AaRoN--&gt;
i hate when my family and best friends are upset. i never really know what to say to cheer them up 
@Momsmostwanted I'm sending all my love to your family. I cannot imagine 
@avb252 no where  planning to go with friends doang, and family pada sibuk
#inaperfectworld I'd move to puertorico &amp; live there for the rest of my life. I have to go back there. I miss my family down there  &lt;33
@helen_lo no, but whole family has it &amp; they're pretty certain 
@astrid_w I know now...and I care! I am very sorry  I'm terrified of being away from my family this christmas. It is such an important
@KnittyDirtyGirl  exes make hell here too at the expense of our family life and if an ocean didn't seperate us, I'd make you all dinner x
@gfrancie I hope your family is ok.  
@missyjule No family here   But I have fab friends who are like family.
a family of bats decided to move into my attic 
my poor garden is being rained to death  and my hummingbird family has gone into hiding (i'm up to 4 of them now! oh my!!)
need the rest of my family back. 
Off to work while my family goes out to dinner 
@MckMama oh no!  our prayers are with him and your whole family.
lost a precious member of her family today. 
@poulsondl family 
hanging out with david's family, waiting for the end.. 
@isfan we have a huge family reunion  I wish I could! I need a few clones... @JCHutchins could you help?
trying to understand why family never think u mean well and get sooo defensive 
ihadadream that the jobros were at my housewatching homeandaway with my family and then shortstack called but i had tohang up on them 
my nene just stopped by to see me and his godson made me smile i miss my family 
It makes me cry when people are nice to me, especially my family. I'm not sure how to feel 
@WhitneyEVE lovely family you've got there! I will probably reflect on memories of my dad.. since he passed away so many years ago 
@thetoughsams unfortunately not yet  I'm going for 9 days to visit some friends and family
@WangerBaby23 ahhhh no you left the bb family 
who wants my graduation tickets??  fuck this family of mine
Hey Tweeps!  What are cool ways you've recorded personal family stories for posterity? It seems my only living grandparent may be fading 
@JoelyRighteous   The sick family member you mentioned a fortnight ago?
soon all the relatives are coming ... yay 
I am a great cook. But no one knows except my family 
@bratoftheyear I don't have the moth either, in any family. I also don't have the blue butterfly or the dragonfly in any family. 
Just dropped off J  sad for me, but happy for the rest of the family.
@hmhunt Sadly the male members of the family don't agree  But I'm still working on it!
I kind of dislike family bonding times when everyone has to be on their best behaviour to pretend to be really really happy. 
is not feeling too good.... n the whole family is overseas!!!! 
got up early to say goodbye to family. 
family+1 extra r back 
I can't join family dinner, soo sadly... 
is getting ready for our family picture day with most of us sick!! 
@proudmonkey75 its my family, my daddys side. I see them once every few years. Its depressing 
so i wake up and no ones home... where'd my family go 
Working  and I just wanna be home with my family!!!
Unfortunately there is a cost  but if your a family geneaologist interested in your heritage .. there is some good stuff there !
my family is here , they're so loud  | california here we come 
i miss my fight club family 
@tropigalia There's this new policy that family members can't work at the same store, and we're not sure they will make an exception. 
family reunion at two. 
taking care of about 10 loads of laundry then running errands for my family...this feels like a really bad dream 
Getting ready for a family picnic..... in the rain 
@Jdcogswell does that include friends that are like family? 
@courtrex My last gf had a real beard, my family were overjoyed when I brought her to a family meal. I wanted to be a wrestler also 
@Tricexbaby ))))) I was looking for yewww  enjoy your family reunion.
@Sherif_ hahaa. yuppps. and when i'm with family and stuff. generally just obsessed 
the whole works.  i miss my family.
I am so in trouble! Not good. Here's a family row in the making! 
@mynextstep_ agreed! Family life sucks when everyones against you 
Missing my family 
at a bbq with the family, having a good time although it is rather cold outside 
I really hate my family, and I've never said that before... 
I'm so bored I jus hate my family  reunions 
just got home from my family reunion! &lt;3 i love it there! [[it's in the country/ rural]] we all got rained out. would've stayed longer.. 
@TeamJonasBros I wish I was going but none of my friends or family wanted to go to see them in concert; last concert was in 2001. 
@dubharris i don't know why i am going to this its my stepdad family and i have to remind them who i am everytime i see them 
wishes the food at grandpas would be ready so he can eat with the family before work.... 
tomorrow the whole family is coming over not fun  #trackle #squarespace
And @_butidigress I wish I could FINALLY SEE YOU but I'm held to a schedule with my dad's family.  IT WILL HAPPEN THIS SUMMER.
Wishes I was in texas too see my texan family... 
Just got back from a family cookout! I need a nap 
loves her friends and family and being home, and doesn't wanna go back to temple 
watching a movie by myself cause my parents went out to eat with the rest of my family!! 
Has just came back on twitter. Family friends are still here and im very tired 
@Morgenl i miss you too! I miss my family. You should be on this trip with me 
@cleopatralove fakin most run in the family! we were supposed to hang out before you leave!!! 
@ family friends' house....its raining outside 
Eating dinner with my family is embarrasing. And I'm serious. 
sending out love and condolences to the low family.. it's never easy losing a grandparent 
watching family channel, and missing quebec !! 
I love my family but my grandfather is really racist. 
@CherilynnKaye a family party but didn't invite family 
Just ate dinner with family from nc &amp; va having so much fun! Just got back from the pool but g wasnt there. 
my family is having a wonderful time enjoying Italian food and I am home with killer heartburn.  What did I do to deserve such pain!!!!!! 
@mofobamfyo did you go by the house today?...ahaha...I tried to get my mom to go there but she wanted to get back to family... 
aw I hate leaving my family! 
#dontyouhate being the youngest in your family, and getting all the hand-me-downs? 
Why is my family so negative towards me? 
i love seein tha family but i want my phne to work n it doesnt get service out here  
So sad that everyone but family...well even my daughter has backed out of tonight!  
Playing putt putt with the family....I lost 
@xtoefer  I was at my mini family reunion!
@ladyxayla I can do that myself, it's just that it won't help now because the family tree picture is only taken once and never changes. 
none of my family up north is doing good  [[his&lt;3]]
@arcanasphere  I hope your family is not included in that statement.
Please pray for my family...it's like the enemy just won't give up, and I'm tired of it. 
I miss my family 
watching degrassi really makes me miss my canadian family! and tim hortons........ 
can't sleep, need to. stressed out. i miss my family 
Off to my family all day, saying goodbye 
I hate leaving my family 
family outing 
Sleppt 9 hours but still tired after a great family celebration and a long car journay back.... I had to drive. So, without any alcohol.. 
@JJhitz i cant join my family.....  im working...
waking up at an odd hour to see my family off to their vaca while I stay behind. 
hanging out with my family.. appreciating every seconds i can spend with them before me goneee... 
I wish I had some kind of bond with my dad!  Hes just the provider for the family, no emotional support for me 
beach party w/ my family is over..  ..whoo missing my boy so badly 
inbetweeners in isle of skye! why am i not there   must txt family up there to get pics!
@thatswhack74  i'm so sorry to hear that your dad passed away. all the support for you &amp; your family. xxxxx
man really sick and cant go to my family's fathersday party 
The rest of the family is out swimming, while i`m stuck here... 
Out for dinner with my family.... Not the same without my little sis though!!!!  xxxx
@BreaAZ  I wanna move in with you and your family, my place is crazy, seriously 
just ganna go tidy up my fan family experience page, i feel like i've neglected it 
I miss my kids and family 
My family is supposed to come over. I wish the weather wasn't so shittay though 
Sleeping over at my two married(to each other) friends because I miss having a family 
@JodieGiese I would, as I am seriously jonesin' for some pancakes right now, but I am meeting my father and family at noon. 
Our orchestra leader has left now, due to family commitments! 
in a really bad mood and may not be able to see baba cousin today!  seriously not getting on with any of my family right now...
Is missing my family 
@theBrandiCyrus  that dog is too cute !!!!!!!!! it sure fits into your perfect family ... i wish i had a perfect family like yours ... 
@iAmTarynItUp I was @ a family shendig tho  I couldn't get away
awwww the family tht was stayin with me left  ily guyss!
@bibby1 Two years that she could have been happy with a new family if they'd just let us have her. 
@batxcore I was always so envious of that family, they need to work everything out. The poor kids 
My most sincere prayers and sympathies are with you and your family. 
that dc metro tragedy is horrible....praying for victims and family 
@GosselinFamily I can't follow ya'll anymore, you aren't an example I want to set for my family 
I hope that family members aren't seeing their loved ones brought out on stretchers. 
pc finally gave up. will not boot anymore. will not be able to ovoo chat with my family until i get a new one. 
@kol1986 i'm so sooryy for there family, it's so hard to loose someone we love 
Execuse me.. Family dinner time with out @eldredgenelson 
Getting ready to go home and watch house. Just got done swimming and the baby hasn't moved much today.  &lt;3 lovin' on my wonderful family.
thoughts and prayers to family and friends involved in the red line accident 
@itsgravybaby  makes me sad that a family falling apart is so entertaining for the masses.
wish my family was closer. 
The show I love so much ruined a family. 
i wish i was in cali with my family 
ugh why can't chris love me already  this is frustrating. @ vigiluccis with my family...kill me?
@jonasgrrl yep its hard being with family so much sometimes 
@singlegirlie that was the best episode ever. it was sad. it's sad to see a family crumble like that. 
@LopsidedMom  that's awful, my heart goes out to her family 
HOME!!!!! from my back to back trips!!!! and im happy to say that im happy to be home even tho i miss my new community group family... 
so sad about my favorite tv family breaking up 
i Need a family   i think i may indulge in a book.
and he sat at the family table at tiger's wedding. i'd hang out with my friends down there too, too bad they're on their senior trip 
Is sad for an old friend...my heart goes out to her and her family 
sore throat &amp; cough, family gathering on sunday made me sick 
the entire family is going to the boardwalk today...except me! now i have to cook my own dinner  boo
uhhg.. my family is watching the new transformers 
I had never gone through any deaths in my family before... I really don't know... I just want to rest... It was a very long day... 
not working tonight, so i ended up eating a bit of dinner with my family, it's in the potty now, but i still feel guilty 
@amethystirene; my family is very protective and wont let me go anywhere myself 
everyone in my family is getting sick... 
feeling lonely..missing my family terribly! 
dinner with the family...feel like shit 
Augh, I hate being a fucking pawn in this family. 
@mjgchick yaknow i thought she was older than me too! maybe because she has a hubby/family and i don't, so i was all jealous 
@nettekulet waaaah good for you i miss my family 
@amypaffrath I'm so sorry to hear about your father  You and your family will be in my prayers
our family dog is going to be operated on. pray for her please 
@schwumps oh i was dropping my mom off at the airport. We had some family that passed and she went to the funeral 
 i miss my family
i wish i could start my own family  its takin too damn long! geese!
@JulieKardashian man i feel like a lost a member of my twitter family 
ahh, no plans for the weekend apart from a family lunch  
http://twitpic.com/8ct9m - i miss my chamber family 
can't wait till I fly home tonight! i miss my family 
missing family moments! 
I miss my Mercedarian Family badly. 
@ikostar I am sure my gran used that when all the family were around, to make massive loads of tea 
such sad news this morning...my thoughts and prayers are with my friend brian and his family 
such sad news this morning...my thoughts and prayers are with my friend brian and his family 
@theresaseeber doh. well im guessing you're not sacrificing the most for him and the family then 
talking to a fellow convert about the struggles of being the only one, friends or family...   at least I am not alone  in being alone
@nikkidecoy So sorry to hear that   You and your family are in my prayers.
@auntcorna It was what our pediatrician recommended, mailing them to a family member. We're the ones trying to ditch them, she LOVES them 
in fact he wants to go on the cruise his family is going on!  sodding training!
rip farrah fawcett she was such an amazing woman, I'll be praying for her family 
Prayers for farrah fawcett's family  sad day for them
happy to spend time with the family. 
@hitwithafish very nice pics! Such a cute family! 
@maxxiecat you joined twitter to make me happy  besides, my loving family is your family too and we communicate this way, LOL
me and joy, mostly joy, just made a family tree - only one side of the family. check it out on my myspace if you have me as a friend! 
is missing my man but is keeping busy with the family staying 
@fourzoas He is! He's my buddy! I'm so glad @justben lets me have him on the bed. He's part of the family 
@ScottHepburn Haha, the family that tweets together, sticks together, so the saying goes... or something like that 
@danecook Thanks for sharing this so we can all wrap this family in our prayers!  You are a wonderful guy! 
I'm sure my family will enjoy the quietness! 
there.. uploaded a new profile pic.. showing everybody i'm real and so is my family  *lol*
@kschak apologies for missing the meeting yesterday.  Family came first 
@carnellm outside is good.  Especially if spent with family.  
Just had dinner with the family...watching some TV 
@moonfrye that's awesome. Family time always equals to good times! Especially to 80's music 
watching old family movies from when I was 6. haha  
@marcorbito How about the movies too after the zoo? I hope you are having a nice day with your family 
so excited to see my berry family 
Enjoying some family time 
Watching family guy eating nori 
i love my family 
is watchin family guyy n on diana-vickets.com!! 
I love the magic pan and my family 
The only family relative that I can really REALLY talk to and understand is my 6 year old cousin. We keep it simple. 
Going out for dinner with my family soon 
going to spend family time w/j-t.i.l.t. plus kuya andrew! 
Looking forward to seeing my family in 6 days 
@calilewis http://twitpic.com/3ki4g - It's like one big happy family! 
Getting ready to go to the fun park w/ family - whole family today, even greatgrandma coming with 
going out again! Never mind the heat! As long as time well spent with cousins and family. 
love my family!!! I love my friends 
going out to have dinner with my beloved family 
@TaraWatts Sounds like you had a blast with your family and your pets. 
Oh what i night i love this family 
yankees game with family 
@tazzman61 Personally, i'd love to retire somewhere near the beach.. anywhere really, just as long as I'm with my family.. 
@jowyang family = your most real social network 
eating breakfast with my family! 7 DAYS 
wonderful time with my family 
The best night of my life. I love my family and the 2 new additions. 
Beach W/ Family &amp; Friends 
family is coming overr!! ahh 
At port doug in the sunshine with some family  They're a little disfunctional but I love 'em!
@RobAPowell  - What is an F&amp;F?   Friends and Family?
i just have my dinner with my family.. 
@tinges yes, should go. will make the family happy 
@FunkySteph hi! Family is great!!! Being a father is hard work but worth it !!! 
ok i want to see a family matters reunion ! who's with me !? i miss steve urkel (jaleel white) ! 
@liquidwings You are not alone, I often think of suicide on almost a daily basis, but I have to keep going for my family. I want to kill 
This girl is awesome @ilovelulu she welcomes me everyday to join her sweet little family! Awwweeee 
@queen_yinci ok, cheers  hope you &amp; your family are well 
@frankinguyen not going just yet, that'll happen when one of my family members joins 
watching family guy  oooohhhh yeeaaaa!!!
looking for govt grants, thinking of opening a family business with a few people in the family 
Ahhh, I really do love my family. 
I am honoured to be part of #tcot  and pleasantly surprised there are so many of us out there!  Family calls...  see you later everyone 
@DavidBCohen xoxoxo to the little beauty &amp; family there  is your little finger getting used to being wrapped so tightly? ;)
Is off to the farm with family, going to see some lambs 
@jeslynfonggg it's really okie to be emotional,  and most impt, u have US and your dearest family  HUGS!
Out for dinner with family!! 
has spent the whole day shopping with his family. 
just hanging out with my family plus with best cousins  check you all later!!
@kimberleymcleod my parents.... having to raise a family of 6 
off to loughborough for family thing with family I've never met or have any desire to meet...but I get to see my dad and nephew 
learned the history of tok mama's family.  yay!
is going to spend the day with his beauitful girlfriend  ...and some of her family!
is at a family meal 
Chilling with the family 
@mileycyrus that is so sweet! i love watching old baby videos with my family! 
@AroundHarlem You got winded after you tweeted that, didnt you? Its ok, we're all family here.  I kid!!
absolutely love my family @vax @deoreleonis 
amaaaaaazing night with my family!! I'm so blessed!!!! 
Lol  my family gets drunk too often. Lol ay but they make me happy.
@MelanieFresh27 ah good wholesome fun for the whole family, family guy 
finished my family project!!!  finally!!
@angusgibbins Hey! I'm thinking Family or GPO tonight..... i'm on door list at Family 
One really can't value family enough... even if they're crazy 
Beach bound wit the family 
Chilling at my new host family's house, love it 
is at the nans  helping with her family tree.
Hanging with family 
I wonder if @norbertmerced was able to record the family reaction when the fight ended. 
breakfast with dad, about go to luch with family yay!!! 
rain, family all out, mean girls on abc family, yay 
@thejayphoenix I think he had some family issues which kept him out, but he's always been against non-Bluberries. 
Out to eat with the family 
I love sundays spent with emmy and her family 
hey everyone  i love being around my family!!!
I just had a nice dinner conversation with my family about upcoming events in our lives. 
Bbq with the family.then off to do homework. 
Watched family guy, quiz, and lost - now I can sleep 
@ihartbeatfreaks we'll let u know if we are planning to come home anytime soon  I miss my Family
@vdglenn wow didn't know you had a family estate 
I love my family so much!!!!! They make me smile. 
Chilling with the roomie's family. I have the best people around me lately 
@rxtheride awww... i'll include the fast recovery of your family in my prayers 
just got back from 3 days camping with my brother's family.  #camping
done packing. dinner with the family. YAYY 
WEll, not to our family, as in # of members or anything ;) Just new things for our family, like wehre we serve in ministry 
Going to body pump then yoga, then going to enjoy a lovely bbq with the family, loving the may day holiday 
@sethsimonds I am grateful for a great marriage, awesome kids, and a business that rocks! I guess the rest of my family is ok too. 
Last day for MACYS friends &amp; family sale! Going shopping after we meet w/our mortgage broker. 
Just back from graduation.  Two more doctors in the family now 
home in carlsbad with the whole family for mother's day! 
In bed now  tonight has been really really funny, best family ever !
@howie_d he's a lucky baby. He has a wonderful family  do u know when u could take him at home?
Oh how i love my family. 
watchin family guy 
praying the rosary with my family! 
@ShawnRobinson thanks for the follow, your family photo is beautiful  happy mother's day to your wife!
family bbq today &amp; my fave cousin comes too 
family matters, followed by roseanne 
nice baked spaggetti for family &amp; not out to grandparents house! 
just had the most emo moment too many tears love my family and sorors 
while my family went to liseberg i got a ride home to my mommy 
i love my mother  and family : D
waking up, going to beach with my family. 
so exhausted, back from family dinner..so much fun 
@mikegreencaps , don't give up! quit passing so much, you know how to score  the family is watching &amp; cheering you on...your the best!
Having breakfast with my mom and family 
is out in her backyard after swimming, enjoying a fun evening with all her family! 
Has a warm fuzzy feeling in my heart: I have the best family. It's so amazing to see traits in myself born from my relatives 
Just got havin dinner with my family! 
no my family members do not holiday in margate 
@iamjuice awwww. a man that would rather be home with his family. very good quality to have 
@DiiLee then get another number only for u, family and friends 
@AnnCurry To have health, to have the love of my family and partner 
@Colleens6677 Red works.  like you said same family.
I love eating with relatives! 
@miccee gay rights and what it means to be a family 
Having dinner with the family 
aww i really missed my family. 
Still party'n w/family...bout to cut it short tho cause I'm bout to go out to eat &amp; maybe to the movies 
At olive garden with the family and @reiann 
I also found a family link from the Evans side on ancestry.com, and am now exchanging information with a distant cousin. 
I wish I could @thesnarkyone, but I'm trying to keep my twittering family friendly. 
family gatecrash. 
@SarahSaner get a better bin! ;) She's just feeding her family on the cheap! 
at least i know @sarahtondryk and family will be moving him there.   makes me feel better.
Going out for lunch with a very loving German family.... 
@CaptainKazz and I wish my family dinner conversations were as exciting as that 
seeing the family todayy, I'm happy now 
just had a lovely family dinner 
cleaning the sea-pig:Z and my room...later I'll go to my family friend 
excited to be baptizing a close family friend who's faith journey has been fun to watch. 
@SarenzoBeads THanks - my family thinks I'm losing it. 
watched a movie with my family.. tired but happy 
@kellypea WOW nice food, travel spots and family.  I enjoyed looking. :o)
coffee, new dog, and family on the back porch 
in alabama! can't wait to sing and see my family 
dad just hit $10 on 40:1 3 card poker...overall, the family made $2415 this weekend. not too shabby 
watchin keep it in the family. smiles  i wouldn't be able to do that - 1 i can't sew so thats mum business out, 2 i dont wanna be a farmer
Nothingggg just in courtneyss house on laptop   hope my dad&amp;Family is okayyy R.i.p nan iloveyouu with all my heart! x
relaxing today...hanging out with the family son is crunching school work! We are pushing-encouraging him...fun for us not him! 
@EternalCow Lets see, potty training MyBaby, class today and family dinner with MyMan's family. 
It is too gorgeous outside to work so I decided to postpone and head to the hike as a family 
it's pretty outside  of to the zoo! sunday family funday 
had a nice family brunch today. batteries recharged! 
Just watched a couple of episodes of family guy- feeling slightly better now 
I'm going to a family friend's house for a partaaaaay 
listening to family force 5 
family visiting in an hour 
I'm off now to watch TV with my family. I might come back later 
@sdecroo i don't even eat this stuff, all for the family 
@feliciaday At least it is invited folks unlike family just showing up 
Guhantara trip was a success... the S7 family got together 
getting ready to do something with the family 
getting ready to go home  haven't seen the family in forever.
@MagpieSparkles ah well, every family needs a blue sheep  Only other thing I can think of is Napisan
@kellydoeshair hope all is well with the your family 
my family is the best 
Last mass went well. Lots of commitment to new beginnings. I'm very excited about the future of our family. 
I love it when they're mean to meg on family guy 
My phone died and my family thought I did, too. That's love 
we went yesterday in a resort with my family and cousin , it was fun ! 
YES, Parisss  It was great to see all the family lined up at the airport, made us tear up, its been so long.
Winding down from a great birthday weekend...food, fun and the ones i love...Family!  
Doing what my hand's finding 2 do... And loving it  Also looking back @ a great wknd filled w/ faith, family &amp; friends &amp;building the house
just did some shopping with my family.... and went to new era university(going to study there..)  
is having dinner with her family 
i didnt walk myself, but fiance and family did. congratulations go to them as weather was sooooo bad 
cooked chicken spaghetti and buffalo wings...waiting for my family to come home 
@piaguanio My family and I enjoy watching Fulhaus every sunday.. we all love it.. 
I really love my family 
@keza34 i am i have a great twitter family around me  x
@KimKardashian aw. haha. where do you work right now, at your family's shop? 
only 9 days til i get to enjoy the comfort of my room and family/friends 
Going to the zoo with the wineholt clan! 
@orlandosoccerSC Family stuff...I question your priorities sir... 
@stutterdude Just going by my own family's experience, of course. 
@ivyjm the peninsula with my family, ashley and I are leaving after the party.. 
Home! Going out to dinner with the family tonight 
I get to see my family tomorrow 
@TheMandyMoore i know, its always great to have family around! 
@MyfWarhurst it's lovely that you had 17 years with your doggie. They become part of the family 
bonding with mah sister  watching Spocklar with my family after dinner.
is looking forward to dinner with family. 
basking in the sun again. love it. looking forward to long weekend with the family, meeting, greeting and eating. it's a dog's life 
@rdavias I'll be wandering around the property w/ my family this evening so perhaps we'll bump into each other 
looking forward to the long weekend with my family  
@simplyclesha Just hanging with the family, thinkin about getting some crabs  we love em! How about you?
@samhainpub I'm going hiking with the family.  As long as the weather holds, that is 
@eloquentembrace family, football, friends, gaming. JOYYY! 
Eating breakfast!  Getting my metabolisim ready for the big family garage sale.  
@Dabonus  probably nothing but  family time and recording 
@z__a @fulkerguy claims that if he were leaving me for anyone in my family it would be you. 
@mileycyrus I'm sorry, I can't even imagine how crazy it gets for you, but it's good you have your family &amp; friends to keep you sane.   
had a good time with family but glad to be home 
@lbergus Now that I think about it most of my family is on, too. I may have to make my own chart! Or hire @bergus to make one for me. 
I am watching taken with the family 
http://twitpic.com/6601x - We are a good looking family 
@supersoundguy  so did I this morning, I beet all of you except for her family  
@ayoitselyssa good, then we're twitsisters! or twistsisters  welcome to the family!
ahhh sleeeepy.... but my nan's here yay, family time 
@MsRivercity its all good tho .. @sparkdawgmusic is family 
watching family guy 
Coloring in a drawing and watching family guy while my wife takes a bath. 
@Moriqua143 never! im jus tryin to get in good with the family! 
At 10:31 pm we welcomed the newest member of our family. G is 21&quot;, 8lbs 6 I'd and adorable 
@realangiejolie im huge fan! i wish all the happiness for you and your family 
ahh.. i erased my update about losing in a karaoke contest in our family reunion.. LOL. 
ahh...mid term holidays are here!!!  shopping with family tomorrow!!! yayyyyyy!!   
