Most common words for this cluster:
[('farrah', 393), ('fawcett', 324), ('rip', 69), ('cancer', 62), ('peace', 48), ('rest', 43), ('angel', 37), ('http', 37), ('p', 31), ('r', 29), ('sad', 27), ('bit', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Farrah', 0.8979226350784302), (u'Fawcett', 0.7648916244506836), (u'Farrah_Fawcett', 0.6404197812080383), (u'Craig_Nevius', 0.5550339221954346), (u'Lawrence_Piro', 0.5214216709136963), (u'Wendie_Jo_Sperber', 0.515320897102356), (u'Farrah_Fawcett_dies', 0.5144768357276917), (u'Farah_Fawcett', 0.5136481523513794), (u'S._Splain', 0.49773943424224854), (u'Charlie_Angels', 0.49254363775253296)]





Farrah Fawcett died? I didn't know 
just got teary eyed over Farrah Fawcett... what a brave woman 
Oh its so sad about Farrah Fawcett I heard on TV that she has not got long to live. I loved her in Charlies Angels she was my idol 
Farrah Fawcett losing her battle to cancer.  Hollywood gathers to pray for a miracle. http://tinyurl.com/qaldrf
@MikaylasMom24 P.S. - I missed Farrah's Story last night. I'd wanted to watch it so badly! 
I watched the Farrah Focett story last night, and i cried so much! Say prayers for her! 
@accesshollywood  Farrah's Story very sad 
Watching the Farrah Fawcett cancer story (Farrah's Story). what an amazing woman she is.Great but sad story 
I can't find Farrah's Story anywhere on the intarweb. 
is watching the Farrah Fawcett story...she's so beautiful and this is so tragic. 
I am watching Farrah's Story on the DVR... really sad  I wish there was a cure for every cancer!
If you haven't already, go to NBC.com and watch Farrah Fawcett's story to put it all into perspective. I heart Ryan and Redmond. 
Just got done watching Farrah's Story. I cried!      ---Cancer is seriously a terrorist...
WOAH!  I totally just had a Farrah Fawcett moment with my hair!  Too bad it's false advertisement.  *sigh* 
@AboveCommon His name I think was Jason something. He did the huge found object/pop art piece of Farrah Fawcett?! I deleted it off my dvr 
Watchng Farrah Fawcett Story . Sooo Sad  unbelievable strength and positive energy w/ such a disease..  b grateful 4 lfe its not prmsed
Ryan O'Neal set to marry Farrah Fawcett on her death bed.   So sad...  http://tinyurl.com/m3gukv
My thoughts are with Farrah Fawcett and her family 
Heading to bed. Hope Farrah Fawcett isn't in any pain, this is such a tragedy. Cancer sucks. 
Seen reports that Farrah Fawcett are close to death. 
Icons falling all around  It's sad ....although I am not a fan of Ed or Farrah it's still uber sad that one has passed and another is ill
http://bit.ly/Vppc3 via @addthis According to reports, Farrah Fawcett is deteriorating rapidly.  So sad. 
is hearing Farrah Fawcett is NOT doing well.......so sad. we may be losing one of our angels real soon 
Poor Farrah Fawcett TMZ just broke news that she is entering her final days  May the lord be with you Farrah, you are a true angel! &lt;3
Couldn't sleep, so I decided to get online. Read in the news that Farrah Fawcett has been given last rites. So very sad. 
@izka2 Farrah had breast cancer, she finally  succumbed to it   
Can anyone give me and update on  Farrah Fawcett 
Actress Farrah Fawcett near death at this hour, priest was summoned prayers to Ms. Fawcett, her family &amp; friends. 
Darn, just saw Barbara Walters on GMA and she gave the same info about Farrah Fawcett.  Was hoping it wasn't this close for her.  
@whoissuresh Sat prayers for Farrah Fawcett she is in critical condition in hospital w/ family at her bedside &amp; was given her last rites 
Awww Farrah Fawcett has just been given her 'last rights'  (via @KISSmyBLAKarts) Are u serious? Damn
Farah Fawcett given last right 
Prayers are with Farrah Fawcett &amp; her family . I hope she is feeling no pain 
Thoughts and prayers go out to Farrah Fawcetts fam on this dreary foggy morning. 
My prayers and thoughts go out to Farrah Fawcett and her family! 
Farrah Fawcett Near Death.     http://bit.ly/GNdRR
Drinking tea, watching the news and praying for Farrah Fawcett 
http://short.ie/ih8t8e  Farrah needs to come to terms and just go. she's suffering. 
is sad to hear that Farrah Fawcett has taken a turn for the worse.  
I think they should let Redmond out of prison so he can spend time with Farrah  I love Farrah Fawcett
http://bit.ly/2lJ4ND  Friends gather as Farrah's health declines  so sad!
Farrah Fawcett  has had her last rites read...this is so sad  I don't know what to say, she is such a beautiful person 
Is anyone else as sad as I am about Farrah being in her last moments? 
is praying for Farrah Fawcett. Such a beautiful lady dealing with such an ugly disease. 
Sad news. Farrah Fawcett is not expected to make it through the day 
feeling really bad for Farrah Fawcett 
Losing another icon.    My thoughts are with Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/16Z4xZ
I am on a death watch for Farrah fawcett  She was such an big part of my childhood! (in glam tv star way)
@CBSNews  So sad about Farrah Fawcett   My condolences to Ryan and her family. What a fight she put up!!  God Bless Farrah
May Farrah Fawcett Rest in Peace I send my prayers 
Ed McMahon and now Farrah Fawcett.. Sad week 
Oh man, Farrah Fawcett passed away. 
An angel has spread her wings....@PerezHilton R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away. 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away 
Farah Fawcett has died reports CNN 
Farrah Fawcet dies of cancer at 62. 
Farrah Fawcett has passed from cancer.. my heart breaks  this has been a long hard battle for her RIP
Charlie's Angel star Farrah Fawcett passed away.  One of the prettiest blondes I've ever landed my eyes on. RIP. JOEsus loves you.
Goodbye Farrah dear  
rt@ PerezHiltonR.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs The beloved angel has passed away.  less than a minute ago from web
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  Two icons from my youth gone this week. Very sad.
Oh, no. Farrah Fawcett has passed away. 
@RyanSeacrest Farrah Fawcet dies of cancer at 62. 
So so sad about Farrah Fawcett... My heart goes out to her family!  RIP
Just read that Farrah Fawcett died.   RIP, Angel.
why do i find out all the latest celeb deaths through Paris Hiltons Twitter?!?! lol R.I.P Farrah Fawcett 
Ummmm...  Farrah Fawcett has passed away?  Wow  RIP 
Very sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett.  
wow..I beat @PerezHilton, @HarveyLevinTMZ and @hollywoodtv with the Farrah Fawcett news. those celeb news sites gotta step it up! 
Farrah Faucett passed away this morning 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton)
@mcm180 WHAT?! For real?! Farrah Fawcett died?!  *super sad*
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away. 
I just heard Farrah Fawcett died... Is this true? 
RIP Farrah Fawcett... that's a tough loss 
Perez is reporting Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  Now she really is a Charlie's Angel
Farrah Fawcett died from cancer today.  Bummer. Prayers to her son and Ryan O'Neal.
Aww  How tragic!! Rip Farrah Fawcett! She will always be remembered.
We Will miss you Farrah! 
I'm gonna feather my hair today in honor of Farrah facett  see you in heaven angel
RIP Farrah Fawcett  (via @whitneyhess)
Cancer-stricken star Farrah Fawcett has been given her last rites and could be close to death, ABC reported Thursday.~ How sad 
@PerezHilton R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs The beloved angel has passed away. 
Omg, Farrah Fawcett, passed, how sad! shes at peace now. 
Retweeting @todayshow: Reuters: Actress Farrah Fawcett dies from cancer, age 62 -- Spokesman 
Apparently Farrah Fawcett lost her battle with cancer. 
Man, Farrah Fawcett just lost her battle with cancer....  I read that she only had hours left this morning. What a bummer.
RIP Farah Fawcett, owner of the most fabulous hair-do in tinsel town 
Farrah Fawcett dies of cancer at 62. 
R.I.P Farrah!   -Jay Couture-
People.com says Farrah Fawcett has passed away. 
Announced just now that Farrah Fawcett has died.. 
BREAKING NEWS: Actress Farrah Fawcett dies after long battle with cancer; Rest in Peace Farrah 
the poster's ingrained in my brain. Farrah Fawcett RIP. every boy's crush my age. 
apparently Farrah Faucet passed away.  I always loved her hair.
Remembering Farrah Fawcett 
 Farrah Fawcett dies of cancer at 62. http://bit.ly/OnhYd
RIP Farrah Fawcett, one of the most famous Angels is gone. 
sooo soooo soooo sad that Farrah Fawcett passed away 
Farrah Fawcett died...  (Just got a breaking news alert from the Ottawa Citizen)
Farrah Fawcett Has Died at Age 62  today.
Seeing reports that Farrah Fawcett has died.  She was my favourite Charlie's Angel. RIP.
@sasultana Farrah Fawcett died   Just be careful outside...the weather channel was saying another storm would roll in about 1.5-2 hours.
Farrah Fawcett 1947 - 2009 Good bye to a classy lady! 
Farrah Fawcet has passed. 
 poos Farrah. her last 3 years have been soooo sad.
@PerezHilton R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs The beloved angel has passed away. 
Sad... Farrah Fawcett just passed away. Cancer. Cancer sucks. 
Rest in Peace Farrah 
Rest in Peace, Farrah Fawcett... 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett and the little baby girl who was found dead in a car today in DK. So awful when people die 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away  May she Rest In Peace.
Sad, Ed McMahon and Farrah Fawcett in one week.  http://bit.ly/gYQIS 
Sad.... Farrah Fawcett has lost her battle with cancer and joined the real angels... RIP 
aw Farrah Fawcett died. that's sad 
Rest Peacefully Farrah Fawcett!!!! 
Farrah Fawcett died today at St. John's Health Center in Los Angeles after a courageous and lengthy battle with cancer. 
Peace the spork out, Farrah. 
I think I will attempt to feather my hair today for Farrah   very very sad - may she have peace now
@Adeline604 That's really a shame...  At least it's over for Farrah Fawcett now.
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.    so sad
Sad that Farrah Fawcett passed. Other than my mom she's the first woman I thought was beautiful. I was probably 6 years old at the time. 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcet.  
RIP Farrah Fawcett so sorry to hear the news 
R.I.P miss Farrah Fawcett a great woman. she will be remembered forever 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning 
Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Link: Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62  http://tumblr.com/x5h25fy5j
Farrah Fawcett has died from cancer at age 62.    The angel is the with the angels.
Aw...Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah has left us  tho I am not religious..god bless her and give her peace at last.
Farrah Fawcett, my fellow Texas Longhorn, has lost her battle with cancer  So sad. RIP
Oh no Charlie's Angel Farrah Fawcett passed away at the age of 62 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett 
RIP Farrah Fawcett... that breaks my heart  I don't know why, but I was still somewhat hopeful for her.
oh how sad - Farrah Fawcett has died at 62.   
RIP Farrah Fawcett, per CNN she passed away at 9:28aPT/12:28pET today. 
RIP Farrah Fawcett... a heartbreaking story... She is finally at peace now 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  her story hits so close to home....it kindoff hurts. ILY Mommy
Aww  what a fighter Farrah Fawcett passed...
Damn. RIP Farrah Fawcett has died at age 62.  
Retweeting @jimlokay: Farrah Fawcett dead: http://kdka.com/national/Farrah.Fawcett.hospital.2.977566.html &lt;-- so sad, too young 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett...my thoughts are with her family. 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton) she was so strong &amp; brave.
Farrah Fawcett just died. sad   Not sure what that says about marriage tho since  Ryan O'Neal just proposed couple days ago. lol.
Farrah Fawcett died?  So sad, shes in Heaven now.
Farrah Fawcett passed away.   She was a wonderful woman, God bless her. R.I.P
And Angel goes back to Heaven: Rest in Peace Ms. Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  Very sad  http://tinyurl.com/lowvec (L.A. Times)
No! not Farrah Fawcett  Hollywood is dieing out like crazy lately! 
Oh no! Farrah fawcett died  she was so beautiful.
I was just thinking of Farrah Fawcett the other day  Rest in Peace Farrah
Thank you Farrah Fawcett for existing. you will be truly missed. 
i am sooooooo sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett! 
 @cnnbrk: Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62.
Farrah faucett has lost her battle with cancer.  I adored her growing up, even had the Farrah haircut. 
Rest in peace Farrah 
RIP Farrah Fawcett, you will be missed. 
Farrah Fawcett Has Died  I'm going to go Watch Charlie Angels!
Ahh Sad about Farah Fawcett 
is saddened to hear of the death of Farrah Fawcett.  She fought a good fight, keeping her in my prayers and thoughts. 
Farrah Fawcett died  So sad. I hope she is in a better place; R.I.P
Goodbye, Farrah 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  You were one classy lady.
So so sad!!  I always admired and fashioned the Farrah Fawcett hair. I even have the FF doll 
Reading: 'Charlie's Angel' Farrah Fawcett dies at 62 - Yahoo! News - How sad   http://bit.ly/1uzm2F
Love Farrah Fawcett this is sooo sad  America's sweetheart RIP
Farrah passed away today  so sad
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Well Farrah Fawcett is now chilling with Ed McMahon. RIP guys you will be missed.  Cancer took 2 more cool people
Farrah Fawcett has died. At least she doesn't have to suffer anymore. 
Saddened that Farrah Fawcett is gone.   Her fight was inspiring.
Sad that Farah Fawcett just passed away 
 Farrah Fawcett has passed away 
is saddened to hear about Farrah Fawcett. Rest in Peace. &lt;# 
It's weird how celebrities go in threes. Carradine, McMahon and now Farrah. 
@adelate Farrah's dead? Had no idea.. RIP Farrah, indeed. 
Very sad news.  Farrah Fawcett passed away.  
I'm so sad to hear the news about Farrah Fawcett... She was a Corpus Christi native, and will be missed dearly. 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett...  A super-hottie to the end.  Now a real angel.
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett.  so sad.
Retweeting @secretagentmama: Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett..  http://is.gd/1dfIb
Rest in peace Farrah  What a sad day
 I jinxed my good mood, I say I'm happy and all that cause Nicks the father to sharons baby and now Farrah dies... didn't know her but its
Farrah Fawcett.  She was a couragous fighter.
rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah Fawcett is now God's Angel 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning.  
Farrah Fawcett....certainly a soldier that can finally now rest.  Sad to see her go 
I am not looking forward to telling my mom  She loved Farrah as much as she loved Bea (and I feel the same as well).
RIP Farrah Fawcett  She was only 62. And still beautiful. Sad week for celebs.
R.I.P Farrah Fawcett ... Mankind lost one of its bravest angels. 
#Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html
I am so very saddened... I have always adore her.   Farrah Fawcett R.I.P.     *sigh*
 RIP Farrah Fawcett just heard the news...
RIP Farrah Fawcett ... thoughts and prayers for her family and friends 
awww RIP Farrah Fawcett  bummer @takianballard I didn't know til I saw your post
Just heard Farrah Fawcett passed away  RIP Farrah!!!
Farrah Fawcett has passed away after losing her battle with cancer.  - http://bkite.com/08Tv6
So long Farrah 
#Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html by @spokesnwheels [1611]
Farrah Fawcet has passed away at 62  
RIP Farrah Fawcett  I watched her special&amp;admired her strength so much!Glad she's no longer in pain now.She'll 4eva be remembered
Just heard that Farrah passed away.  
Farrah fawcett died of cancer today 
Im so sad Farrah Fawcett died. she was a true angel  RIP
Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah Fawcett has died   sending love and condolences to her family and friends http://bit.ly/I65t7
Farrah Fawcett has died at age 62 
How sad....Farrah Fawcett has died.  Well, at least she will no longer be suffering.
@scoopemup why u send ya condolences to me? cuz of Farrah 
Sad news every1 Farrah Fawcett has died of cancer at age 62 
Aw, sad about Farrah Fawcett. Was hoping she'd get a miracle. 
Farrah is dead 
Farrah Fawcett  you will be missed 
@acebowman lol you are so goofy but Farrah Fawcett died of cancer 
BNO News has independently confirmed that actress Farrah Fawcett lost her battle to cancer this morning. (via @BreakingNews)  Sad...
awww so sad about Farrah Fawcett RIP 
Damn...another adolescent fantasy gone. RIP Farrah Fawcett. 
Wow Farrah Fawcett died too?  Really sad!!!  
Farrah Fawcett has passed away at 62 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett, I will miss your beautiful smile 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett  i knw how her son is feeling  *tears*
I'm not sure if you have heard, but Farrah Fawcet has passed away 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning. Sad. 
R.I.P Farrah Fawcett..You will be missed  Our hearts go out to your family, friends, and loved ones...
Farrah Faycett died too??   I feel like everyone is dying...
My mom started crying when I told her Farrah Fawcett is dead 
Prayers and thoughts and condolences to the family of Farrah Fawcett. You'll be missed 
first Ed, now Farrah. 
Farrah Faucet died.  so sad. She was a strong woman
Farrah Fawcett has passed away 
RIP Farrah Fawcett...that's really sad.  
Awww, Farrah Fawcett passed  - It's a shame Ryan O'Neal didn't get a chance to marry her
So sad about Farrah Fawcett.    RIP.
Farrah Fawcett died too??  I feel like everyone is dying...
hates to hear that Farrah Fawcett passed away....my thoughts and prayers are with her family. She will be missed 
Breaking News: Farrah Fawcett has died after her long cancer battle, according to MSNBC headline. 
Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62. 
Farrah Fawcett passed away.  Yes, I had her poster on my bedroom wall. Sad day.
Just found out that Farrah Fawcett passed away @ 62. She played Jill on series &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot;; lost battle w/ cancer 
Farrah Fawcett died from cancer? how sad 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett thats really sad 
Awww Farrah died. Her and Ed in the same week. So sad 
Very sad about Farrah Fawcett. 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton)
Farrah Fawcett, such a legendary icon passed away this morning - http://bit.ly/rsCn3 - unfortunately, she lost her battle with cancer 
So sad  Farrah Fawcett, age 62, passed away..  http://bit.ly/gMKDY
RIP Farrah Fawcett - she was an inspiration to me. 
@bilboski Oh no, Farrah Fawcett... May her soul rest in peace. 
Farrah Fawcett just died. This is so sad. She was 62. R.I.P. 
Oh golly. Farah Fawcett died. She was my big hair role model. 
OMG Farrah Fawcett so sad...I watched that documentary she did so freakin sad cried for 2 hours straight...no lie! RIP Angel 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning from cancer.  
So sad about Farrah. Praying isn't in my vocabulary, but thinking of her, her partner, son and family   http://twitpic.com/8duye
RIP Farrah Fawcett. The world has lost such a beautiful woman today. 
@cnnbrk Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62. 
Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62... so sad 
RIP Farrah. She lost her battle to cancer. PLEASE don't take life for granted or people. We belong to our creator not one another. 
In honor of Farrah Fawcett if it don't rain this weekend(again.  I will style my hair wit her infamous look!  R.I.P.
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett- You will truly be missed. 
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  I hate cancer.
Farrah Fawcett just passed away 
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Rest in Peace Farrah 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  So sad, she seemed so sweet....
RIP Farah Fawcett.  U where the 2nd best Charlies angel after Drew Barrymore. Sad. 
Sad to hear about the passing of Farrah Fawcett 
E! News BREAKING: Farrah Fawcett has died of cancer at age 62 
WOW, Farrah Fawcett passed away. i know that wehn we were growing up we all wanted to look like her, She was so beautiful.  so sad 
@LisaP RIP Farrah Fawcett omg I didn't even know she had cancer. That is very sad news, she was a beautiful woman and actress 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett... 
Wow... Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
RIP Farrah Fawcett. I told my husband a couple days ago that I wondered if she'd live long enough to marry Ryan O'Neal. Sadly, no. 
oh of course, right after i post that, RIP Farrah Fawcett... 
The world lost another icon. Rest in Peace Ms. Farrah Fawcett. You will be missed greatly  God bless you
RIP to an original Charles Angel   Farrah Fawcett
In memory of Farrah Fawcett...we will miss you 
Wow. R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett.  You will be missed
Oh wow....Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62....She certainly put up a good fight, RIP Farrah 
is sad that Farrah Fawcett passed away! 
Farrah Fawcett, you'll always be an angel to me 
http://bit.ly/16crYE  Farah Fawcett is dead 
We will always love Farrah Fawcett, R.I.P.  
Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62.  (via @TheresaRockFace)
Rest In Peace Farrah condolences to her family 
Is REALLY really sad that Farrah Fawcett died!!!!!! 
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  LAWD that woman and her beautiful hair...How the fudge do you get anal cancer anyway?
is really sad Farrah Fawcett died....I really want to go watch old Charlie's Angels episodes now... 
NewsAP) Farrah Fawcett has died in a Los Angeles hospital. She was 62. ***jeez man, so sad how many have fallen to cancer 
Rest in peace Farrah  A true American Icon..
So sad about Farrah Fawcett...prayers to all her family and friends. 
Is sad to hear that Farrah Faucet passed  http://myloc.me/5CP1
Farrah Fawset died?!?! how sad! 
aww, Farrah Fawcett - how I'll miss your big hair 
Its just so sad that the people fighting cancer that have hope and drive, can't win. Farrah reminds me of my dad that way. 
Farrah Fawcett died   Cancer sucks
I am heartbroken about Farrah. 
Farrah Fawecett passed away  the former Charlies Angel WILL be missed. I send my prayers to the family   ;(
She passed less than a 1/2 hr after the show was over  Barbara Walters was classy as always speaking about Farrah.
saddened by the loss of icon Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah Fawcett has died. I still have her famous red bathing suit poster and a personal autograph. She will be missed. Goodbye angel 
RIP Farrah Fawcett!  Cancer has taken another amazing Angel   Peace be with you now!
I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died!  So sad 
Aww Farrah.  The pain's over, sweetie. You can rest now.
aw RIP Farrah Fawcett. what a beautiful woman. Praying for her family, especially her dad 
Very sad about Farrah Fawcett  People shouldn't have to die from cancer anymore, let's please find a cure!! :-/
R.I.P Farrah Fawcett  Go with God &lt;3
RIP Farrah Fawcett   You will be missed -&gt;  http://bit.ly/pSX3d
is bummed to hear about Farrah Fawcett. 
Rest In Peace Farrah 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett.  
@BigAC88 Wow, that is so sad  Rest in peace, Farrah Fawcett!
only a few more hours to go. On a sad note, Farah Fawcett has died 
RIP Farrah Fawcett Your poster will still continue to be epic 
Rest in peace, Farrah Fawcett...rest now.  Your struggle is over.  Bless her and her family. 
Farrah Fawcett finally lost her battle with cancer...  so sad. 
sad for the loss of Farrah Fawcett after such a long battle with cancer. 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett!  Been watching Charlies Angels on youtube for a while... Finished Season 1 a few days ago- It was her only.
Oh ,no!  Farrah Fawcett just passed away 
RIP Farrah Fawcett http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html More losses to cancer 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett... 
WOW Farrah Fawcett died  i think she had anal cancer. o.0
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett. I wanted to be her when I was little. 
@cryssie awww. Farrah Fawcett known as a Charlie Angel in 1970's. Now, she is no more. 
Farrah faucett died this a.m 
so sad, RIP Farrah Fawcett, the loveliest Charlie's Angel 
Holy cripes, Farrah Fawcett died? what a flippin week 
RIP Farrah Fawcett! This is so sad 
Aw shit, Farrah Fawcett passed away. 
I am eating peanut butter bagel. It's pretty good. Poor Farrah Fawcett. 
Saddened by the death of Farrah Fawcett. 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
Rest In Peace Farrah! 
RIP Farrah Fawcett. She was such a bright shining star, and my personal hair icon. She will be missed 
Rest in peace Farrah 
RIP Farrah. I'll always remember her as that one off the telly who I got mixed up with Goldie Hawn  
Just heard about Farrah Fawcett.  That poor woman sure suffered at the end.  May she now truly...Rest In Peace. 
 -- Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62 - ABC News http://bit.ly/akQLD (via @Turner)
I sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
RIP Farrah Fawcett &amp; Ed McMahon... These things usually happen in 3's... 
So sad to hear Farrah Fawcett has passed on.  She fought so hard. 
Sad news today with the passing of Farrah Fawcett. She fought a brave battle but sadly lost. May God Bless her and have her soul at peace 
Apparently Farrah Fawcett has just passed away...RIP Farrah  Quite a morbid time what with all these recent untimely celeb deaths... 
I can't believe Farrah Fawcett passed away. Sad news 
I am way more upset about Farrah Fawcett dying than I expected. Poor woman. 
Bummed out now because I just heard that Farrah Fawcett passed away this morning    - I had her famous poster on my wall when I was a kid
Sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett...   http://bit.ly/eRW9n
Oh snap...I didn't know Farah Fawcett died today!  http://snipr.com/kv5yg
Rest in peace Farrah 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  I know the pain of this kind of loss. My prayers go to the family.
First Ed McMahon... now Farrah Fawcett. Sad business.  I send my prayers to her family and friends
http://bit.ly/182lb   oh guys!! Farrah peaced-out   oh this is so sad!!!
WOW... Farrah Fawcett died  She's suffering no more
RIP Farrah Fawcett. Rest in peace. 
Not happy right now.. Man! Farrah Fawcett died.. 
This month, O'Neal said he asked Fawcett to marry him and she agreed. They would wed &quot;as soon as she can say yes.&quot;  http://bit.ly/9B3QQ 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
How sad.  Farrah Fawcett died before she could marry Ryan O'Neal 
Farrah Fawcett, 62, has lost her valiant battle with cancer. Such a beautiful and courageous woman is gone. So sad.  
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  I hate to see what entertainment news outlets will do now, they were practically dancing on her grave already.
oh no! rest in peace, Farrah.  
Awwwl..Farrah Fawcett passed away. R..I.P. Kim remember when I would try to do my Farrah Fawcett flips in my hair?? Sad 
A Charlie's angel has gone to heaven.  RIP Farrah Fawcett 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett. 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  You will be missed by so many.
How sad I just learned Farrah Fawcett had died  may she RIP
so sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
Just this morning I was reading that Farah Fawcett was nearing death. Now I read, she has passed on at an early age of 62 
aaawwww. Farrah died  r.i.p &lt;3333 you will be missed!!
RIP to the original Charlies Angel Farrah Fawcett 
 Farrah Fawcett... one less charlie's angel but one more angel for god
So sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
Rest in peace, Farrah.. 
Oh no! Farrah fawcett has passed away...  what a week
sadness...just read that Farrah Fawcett died today....she'll be missed 
oh man. :'( Farrah Fawcett died this morning. man...THE Charlie's Angel. I'm praying for her family. This is just....really sad. 
Wow I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died  another one of my blonde icons has passed  Pammy Anderson u better take care of yourself!
Farrah Fawcett succumbed to the ass-cancer. 
I just found out that Farrah Fawcett has passed away after her long battle with cancer. God bless her family!  
Farrah Fawcett died at 9:30 this mornings. 
Farrah Fawcett has died  WE need to find a cure for cancer. Prayers to her family!
is sad about Farrah 
is sad that Farrah Fawcett just died  http://plurk.com/p/13ycf6
One of my fav icons has passed away - RIP Farrah Fawcett  
Farrah was one of my favorite actresses..  
Big lump in my throat from reading about Farrah Fawcett's passing...saddens me tremendously whenever someone loses a battle w/ cancer 
@ehasselbeck wtching the show 10:28am here...WA. topic is Farrah she was still alive...I just went online found she had already passed 
Farrah Fawcett passed away...so sad 
Just at Starbucks with Farrah! 
Going dollar bowling with Dane Laci and Farrah tonight it's gonna spectacular! 
