Most common words for this cluster:
[('feel', 614), ('today', 47), ('sick', 43), ('day', 33), ('shit', 25), ('crap', 24), ('sorry', 23), ('time', 23), ('home', 23), ('work', 20), ('night', 19), ('morning', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Feel', 0.9962849617004395), (u'Want', 0.5647132396697998), (u'Got', 0.5582979917526245), (u'please', 0.5258617997169495), (u'Email_midsouthcm@aol.com', 0.5251958966255188), (u'@_about.com', 0.5236173272132874), (u'dbarney@redmondmag.com', 0.5216718912124634), (u'Be', 0.5193247199058533), (u'Can', 0.516862690448761), (u'Hate_Them', 0.5151951313018799)]





Feel like I'm stuck in a rut. Waiting to hear back from schools is killing me.  Also decided to take a break from #wow for awhile.
Is waitin for th break down service as somethin fallen of my car. I've got my hot water bottle with me. Feel such a twat 
Feel yucky sick this morning 
Ate too many Oreos yesterday. Feel very sick today 
I was fine until I had to speak to the nurse, now she has made me doubt myself and my decisions. Feel totally and utterly deflated 
Feel like my head is gunna explode 
my throat still hurts  Wah!! Feel sorry for me lol
Realized this morning that I forgot to meet up with a friend last night due to pure exhaustion. Feel bad. 
@Jimmers31 You and Ru aren't even working in the same office anymore and you still get sick?!  Feel better!!
On the other hand, my sister's health is poo and I'm going into hyper-nurse-and-older-sister overdrive. Feel so bad for her. 
@girlimperfectly boo...that's where i'll be sitting too  providing i get the show settled quickly enough anyway! Feel better soon x
Bored of holiday already. Feel so empty 
@StefLeppard 2 months to heal? No fun  But a whole lot better than not ever healing! Feel better soon!
Nothing scheduled for the rest of the day. Feel free 2 add 2 my agenda! It's been a rather uneventful day 
Feel like I just got raped.  Never satisfied when that happens 
Just watched Seven Pounds.  Feel vaguely depressed.  
I'm guilty of that too. Feel bad about that 
Feel really down today, have no idea why (oh yeah, back to college tomorrow)   x
Feel like death kicked me in the head. Hopefully cookies and cuddles will fix it. 
Running around the park this morning with approximately 8 zillion other people. Feel like a lemming. A slow, slug-like lemming 
Feel really sick today 
Feel like a shut-in on days like this   I know we need the rain, but this is more like a monsoon!
No motivation to do housework. Not sure whether to force myself to or not. Probably should do it. Feel like crying either way. 
Feel a bit stupid for forgetting suntan lotion though. Am now burnt on my nose and down my neck and  left arm - very attractive 
Feel upset, that I've missed the hot stuff of the goooood Tennant. 
@frenchiep FRENCHIE! *-* Feel welcome. Why you weren't with the boys when I met them in Recife?! 
On the bus back to Glasgow. Feel terrible, I think all this traveling is starting to take its toll 
Feel guilty going jogging today  buffy is in season, so has to stay at home. She loves jogging. So i feel bad, but it has to be done!
Feel so stupid, left my purse at home today, so no money or food for me 
just woke up. Feel like crap 
Feel like a zombie, not enough sleep, too much snot blockage. 
is totally buggin' out now that I have to learn the new Cision online.  Feel powerless without the old version that i know so well 
i'll in bed again! Chest infection *cough cough* gotta get better for flight on  friday. Feel real shitty. 
Feel like deathhhhhhhhh. So much for going out 
@aviolan Don't think that  I love you. Feel better. I'm praying for you. ALWAYS&lt;3
So tired ! Feel really ill still as well ! I don't want to go to work ! 
@WeeWifie1981 oh no - didn't know you're are ill!  *big hugs* Feel better soon, Hon. X
Ugh.  Feel yucky this a.m.  Coming down with a cold.   Have a 1st communion meeting in a bit - 2 hours?!?
oh my GOD the bogans on the bus today. I really wanted to punch them in the face. Feel sorry for the poor bus driver, he got most of it 
@mistawis Oh no, honey..  I'm sorry you're having such an awful time. Feel free to talk to me if you need to. &lt;3
@heyamberhey ahh! Are you okay bb? Feel better 
This drive home suuuuucks!  another hour to go! Feel free to call me if your up.
Morning all!! Feel pants, have hardly slept 
Light looks interesting... should get out and take some landscapes... Need location ideas though... Feel like I have done Kent to death 
Full of the cold! Feel rotten! Feeling sorry for myself! I hate being ill, 
Feel like absolute shit 
Just eaten at Walton pier. Feel well fat 
Feel really awful, in several different ways 
@MissJenee awww  Feel better hun...I'm bout 2 pop a Pamprin 2 save the day! :-/
Feel better tomoe  sick times suck donkeyballs. In venice....eating cakes and having tea
Blood pressure is still up, guess I need to go to the doc for a physical. Feel like an old fart. 
Still smarting after yesterday's appalling performance. Feel like giving it all up at the moment 
Sucky 2 mile run. Feel blah and want to go back to bed, but work calls. 
@frenchfrench Today was such a long day ... Feel like just resting at home for tonight 
Feel better che  i love you so much
@davidmlally aw man  poor little guy. Feel better
Home work,UGH :p.Feel sorry for me 
@circepear Sweeetie! How are you today? Feel like havent chatted with u for a long time 
Feel 1000% times better now. FYI never eat the chicken at gaby's on washington in venice 
Feel so ill today  nausea is the worst ever. And its so so SO cold 
@iNinja2009 Feel the same matey  Not watching film myself!
I spilled my drink   Feel free to laugh at me for tweeting that.
@tunedtochords ugh Feel better. Stomach ache here  no fun 
Feel dodgy after having cold lasagne for breakfast. When will i learn 
Feel so tired after long day &amp; night .on tube as  pink car in for service ,  brakes were bad, not good  chill out before gig tonight
@schizofy Package? :O You shouldn't be sending me stuffs! &lt;3 Feel you on the dogs  *hugs*
Feel horrible....right side of my head is numb.  Coughing up gunk 
Stuck at a desk  Feel very lucky that this is a rarity, but still bored rigid . . . .
Feel like someone is playing bongo's on my head  took painkillers and a banana an hour a go but no luck!
@ShannaCrooks aww girl, me too.   Not feeling good at all right now.  Bummer!  Allergies and colds stink!!  Feel better!
Sold my engg. books (brand new) for 1/4th price. Feel terribly ashamed 
Today is the BBB and I am at home sick....bummer!  Feel like crap today. 
Feel so sick right now. 12:30 and that Chinese food from a few hours ago about to come back up. 
Added more downloads to download manager, populated xbox/xbox 360 area so far today. Feel bad for ips, they have 100 bugs to look at 
@alpalmer It's a nice idea, but reality has a way of interfering.    Anyway, off I go to the 'rents. Feel free to txt if you wish. xo
Really disappointed with dinner,the pasta is nasty.Feel all sulky now,and so not in the mood to work but I have to to get it in on time. 
@vickytcobra Shit son.  That sucks. Feel better, hun.
Just woke up. Feel like crap. I need soup 
Feel bad for my woman. 
Oh well, going down the gym went out the window this morning.  Feel like cr*p for the third morning in a row 
Gurd morning! In F9  Feel ill! Why am I always sick?!
Still in lib - 20 mins past deadline.  I had to crash &amp; burn at some point! Feel like I should warn ppl around me of my imminent meltdown 
Feel like a mushroom kept in the dark and fed bull shit x Just want to know where we stand 
Feel very under the weather today  Going to go to Marks to get some chicken soup, might make me feel better.
@PR_Trice Feel better!  I had a bad tummy last week, too 
@lilyroseallen Feel the fear! I once swallowed a wasp from my drink can and it stung me. 
I'm SO BORED. And no one wants to hang with me  Feel like that annoying friend that everyone ignores... 
Feel the pain 
No deaths of my party! game was challenging but fun. Feel bad that my kobold wyrmpriest didn't get to use his awesome cold breath 
@samblak  at least you have the weekend to recover. Feel better
@logophilos I'd love to, Ann, but I'm just too overwhelmed. Feel bad for not being able to return favor. 
@saseitz You just want the ability to turn people you don't like into weasels.  Feel better.  
@kgoyette Just recovering from that cold. it took over my life for a good week  Feel better!
hmmmm....not sure about this whole twitter thing? Feel invisible on here  not a good look xx
@babe73105 No problem. Feel better soon. It's been going around, so I hope your bronchits gets better. thats no fun. 
Feel very crappy.  Have dayquil &amp; &quot;gollum juice&quot; (not as gross as it sounds) &amp; about to decide on first &quot;feel sick&quot; movie of the day
Feel really crappy after Cavs loss tonite! 
@HairyGee You lost the url as the tweet was too long  Feel free to cut me out and resend to make it smaller. ;)
I miss hearing the Justice remix of &quot;Electric Feel&quot; when people text me. 
@herojaejoong Feel hungry now   Cook for me pleaseYour food it's my energy to work~
@Ste1987 Feel your pain with the hayfever - forgot to take mine yesterday, again. 
my Chrissy is sick w/ a spring cold   Tissues stuck up his nose last night looked so pathetic.  Feel better soon baby...
Feel like death  evil headache and need to pack and drive to parents. Bum.
Feel so depressed that I couldn't save it... Thanks for nothing! 
Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk 
Feel like crap today   Got a speeding ticket 1st since 5 years...blows!!!!!!!
Awake and wishing I wasn't. Feel like my head may explode. Going to try to go back to sleep. 
Feel quite down, not quite sure why though :s so going to bed  night everyone x
@Kikirowr Aw not again!  Feel better soon bb!
Sick. Feel like jello, can't talk, and delirious. 
http://twitpic.com/6880t - @tinkfan my view of the game for #wvfn. Would rather be with ya'all. Feel ok with drug but still contagious 
Voice loss was apparently due to sickness. Feel like shit. 
@ThatJaiGirl I'm sorry I had to cancel earlier my dear  I would invite you over now but I have a feeling it's too late. Feel free though!
Sick as hell wAtching American Beauty with @DrCherryT. Feel so sick. 
Feel so much betta aftr washn all that damn sand off!  Omg @ least I got a good azz workout evn tho these pretty lil arms will b bruised 
@mileycyrus awww don't feel  Miley. Turn that frown upside down. haha I'm cheesy xD Feel better&lt;3
Feel lazy but at the same time feel like going out...bored at home alone 
Feel very tired.   - http://tweet.sg
Feel like playing guitar, if i only had one 
Home from work. Finally. Feel so ill 
@mrscrucial  That's no fun. I still have trouble getting to sleep, no matter what I eat.. heartburn abounds! Gross. Feel better soon!
@tostina  Feel better soon.  Too bad we can't all move like this:  http://bit.ly/pvMql
@jamiemcflyx Feel quite sick now  They are actually worse than Boylehead
Feel like I haven't slept in days  come back to me
Feel like shit!!! Vacay is offically over!!! Gotta work today! 
@markdavidson  I know the feeling. Feel better!
&lt;groans&gt; Make it go away! Still have headache, despite 2 ibuprofen. Feel #ill too 
Feel sick to my stomache 
In lots of pain after a fall down the stairs. Feel very silly and sorry for myself 
Feel all faint at the @passionpit and @harlemshakes show so am having to stand at the back. It's a first 
Feel like writing really badass death scenes right now. Alas, I need a plot first 
@SallyMesser - Feel better! 
Feel so lonely! Oh how i need willie back from arizona! 
Just finish another head. Feel like I'm comin dwn with a cold 
just woken up all bunged up with a headache. Feel like death  not fucking good
Forgot to run the command script, now the licensing has expired. Feel so guilty now  He was the one who got me the master suite 
Feel like Im missing a limb or iono... Somethins not been right for a few weeks. Hittin the sheet tryna figure it out one more again 
I want to be banned, except for the t-shirt thing. Feel like I should refund everyone their money and fuck of. 
Feel all out of sorts this morning - can't concentrate properly to read and [comment or type even] 
had a great time at the netball today- Go Vixens! Feel terrible now though- headache and sore throat are worse 
#bcleeds09 was brill yesterday.  However I drank too much.  Have just woken up.  Feel stiff. Have so many things to do so wont go today 
No one I want to speak to is answering their phone  Feel very unimportant.
Feel like am getting sick  i need Noni as soon as possible
Feel like crying  my laptop has messed up and it wont let me sign in on msn,  my phone is f***ed aswell :@
is ready to go! Feel good, new clothes on, make up has gone right and its hotttt outside! Unfortunatley back to the zooo  xo
@returntorural Feel better.  I hate spring/summer colds.    Especially in the nobe.
@wolleymm oh no!!! stomach ill? or something else  Feel better!
@himynameisciara ive had 7 hours of cool fm. Feel your pain 
@Zorathenne  Domo danku.  Huggled his pillow and went to sleep wrapped around it.  Feel less sleepy but didn't help otherwise. 
Feel ill to much sun n i wasnt even out for long 
I just had a milkshake.  bleh. Feel gross.
@liquidheart Ouch  Feel better soon~ Cramps are evil..
@LiverpoolMich Never drink on an empty stomach  Feel better soon.
@Randomizer10 haaa jokes! Feel so sorry for benjamin tho 
@pieshopgirl right now someone needs to spoon feed me! Recovering from a nasty spider bite. Feel sick &amp; drugged @ the same time 
Today I accidentally stuck a knife through my finger, passed out, and went into convulsions. Not fun at all  Feel better now though
@MrStusticles Feel to lazy from the heat to take one 
Feel burdened by the upcoming 2 exams !! 
Feel so uneasy without my mbp 
Sick as a dog  Feel all gross and icky
Morning! Feel really uncomfortable in this heat  Postive: 4 day week! Yippee!!!
Feel like eating the choc fudge cake frm prima deli.. 
@KimberlyDoll  Feel so bad for Jess!
is still unwell. Feel nauseous after lunch. 
Feel pretty crappy this morning, but loads of work on, so no chance of a relaxing day. 
Feel like I should be out in the sun seeing as I'm not at work but shoulders are still stinging from yesterday 
Feel quilty for switching at the cleaner! 
Feel your heart it breaks within your chest now Try to get some rest , sleeps not coming easy for a while, child 
Feel like shit today... hayfever is not my friend 
Just rewarded myself with sushi and too much chocolate. Feel sick now 
Feel like I've been hit by a train...I wanna fold over and cry..and I'm NOT a fan of 8am classes, nor the 20 minute drive to get there. 
Still can't believe that a plane has just vanished whilst flying over the Atlantic. Feel so sorry for the relatives waiting for news. 
Got told off by @swear_bot for my filthy potty mouth  Feel 13 again.
I dont have enough fat tissue in my butt for these loong distance trips. Feel like my tailbone is about to protrude my butt!!  owwie
Feel crappy but hey had fun last night....... Have to work at 3 
today felt like summer holiday, I don't want it to end just yet. Feel like going to the beach and watch the sunset, but not on my own 
I'm home. Alarm Failed. Feel sickish too.  Played Badmition yesterday, now very sore..
plane for tonight I think? veg out in front of the TV and an early night. Feel like death warmed up 
plan for tonight I think? veg out in front of the TV and an early night. Feel like death warmed up 
@Chelseylea Aww Chelsey's sick ?  Feel better.
@grantswilson Feel better soon Grant! There are some ugly virus things going around. We had one cycling through our family for 2 weeks 
Feel pretty stupid after scalding my forearm making tea earlier. Damn you, boiling water! *shakes fist*  #fb
@Gatrgal I know, I hear you snuffling.  Feel better!
@lizzy_pringle I Feel aweful that we never got to hang out  im sorry we kept missing each other
I think I combusted today and may have injured an almost innocent bystander. The muppet should have moved. Feel a tad guilty though. 
Send some love @kirstiealley way. She had a root canal.  Feel better!
@ajcoo82 oh no.  Feel better, girl! Hugs.
@kirstiealley way. She had a root canal.  Feel better!
I gotta be up at 7am. Feel like sleeping naked in the garden. I'd end up on the 9 o'clock news tho 
Feel not good in my company  feel tight !!
Owwww...my head hurts so bad. Took something for it, but not working yet. Feel like I want to rip my eyes out of their sockets. 
@Trelane_       Sorry you had a rotten day AND you're getting sick. Feel better soon!!
@musclesorority OUCH  Feel better babes. ;)
Just boarded train home to glasgow. Feel sad that my adventures are over for now 
Not long to go until cim exams commence! Feel like my head is going to explode 
Feel like death!  No sleep coz of hayfever, now have a chronic migraine and feel sick.  Feels like someone is stabbing my brain! 
Feel like a sissy for skipping out on my morning run.  
Overslept, failed to work out. Feel like a slug. 
Feel weird with a Capital Wee 
@hermorrine Aww me either, my stomach hurts so bad  Feel better!
@LaurenDewey I'm sorry to hear you're not feeling well  But yeah, that's totally fine! Today was a little iffy for me anyways! Feel better
Feel like celebrating now because of the succes of a-ha , but everyone online is gone already.  Anyway; should better go to bed myself 2.
@empressK Feel Better 
@Mamazilla771 Oh man, this is terrible news.   @lantzilla - Feel better, buddy!
@cherroke5780  Damn. I hate that its that bad, smh. Feel betterrrrr.....
Feel so sick never eat... Popcorn, cheeseburger, nachos, lemonade, doughnuts, toffee, mars bar slice, noodles &amp; lollies in the same day 
I just spoke to @Tiffanyandco16 on the phone and I am concerned about her  Feel better soon sweetie!
Another bright day, not so blue out though.  Feel like I need a day to catchup on sleep, time to excuse myself from event tonight 
Working form Home, Feel Bore! 
Feel mega ill today. Wanna go home. 
has just found a new vitiligo patch... on her face  Feel ugly 
@shaquanrulez im kinda sick too sporky! Except I don't think mine is bad as yours. Feel better! 
Feel so fat after eating maggi. 
Feel sorry for BGT Diversity  they might as well not have won ...
@cupcakemafia Feel better - I am coming down with some kind of funk as well 
@cupcakemafia ouch  rest up, cupcake. sooooup.  Feel better!
Feel like crap ugh 
Feel so sick.. but it aint the flu. just feel sick.. 
@innocentyouth oh noez!   Feel better.
Feel like I'm jetlagged, but I haven't even gotten off the ground 
Feel like shit. Have done for the past two days. 
@rachaelove Do you need to go to the doctor?  Feel better!
Feel dizzy and haven't had breakfast yet.  I have too much to do this morning 
Feel horrible! alcohol just spoiled my big day. tonight better be good or just pass fast... cant wait to pass out in bed 
@jenthegingerkid Sometiems i Feel like I live there 
Feel utter shit - worst day in a long time 
@mellalicious good morning sweetness! Have a good sleep, despite not getting to go out?  I slept deep an long! Feel so much better!
@MiaMcK take some Emergen-C   ..I hope u went and bought some vitamins too. Drink lots of agua. Feel better name twin!
@Microfoam Where's the party at? There's the party at! Oy!  Feel better!
Feel like crying. i can't believe i ddnt go! 
Awwww @urbanwolf You should never take medicine on an empty stomach! Feel better soon! 
Feel like my whole world just crumbled  soo sad.. Going to visit tanyas family now..  I have no idea how I'm going to keep it together
Feel like shittt 
Haha... Damn Feel down. 
@scanman Sounds miserable.  Feel better soon!
Feel like crap because I'm so tired   hate midnights.
@sherrieberrie Hot and sour is good too.  Feel better.
Feel a bit horny cba to deal with it atm, I'll Ihave a cup a tea instead. No football today  stop talking about cricket spy sports news 
Bought not 1, not 2 but 3 shoes from charles &amp; keith! Feel so guilty now.  - http://tweet.sg
Jens was awesome and oh so cute. But the night truely ended badly. Feel like hiding today. 
its not pretty good outside todayy! I think its gonna rain, boo hoo!  Feel more like chillin with movies then doin a photoshoot!
Feel rather poorly 
Feel like I'm ready for bed again but going to try &amp; stay awake till 10pm. What a party animal I am 
@musicstr7 Oh no!  Feel better soon!
Feel sick from ckaessssssss  Have work to do but I want to read.
Feel sick. Eaten so much crap 2day that I want no sympathy.. donuts, crisps, biscuits, them chicken things that turn u in2 lions.. ugh! 
Don't. Feel to good 2day 
@itsprettyokay Aww.  I think I'm lucky that all the time I've been to Denver and higher altitudes, I've never experienced it. Feel better!
Feel like shit 
@heatheremme Sorry to hear that.    Feel better soon!
@Elphabarocks01 Hope you're doing okay.  Feel free to message me if you need to chat any time. xo
There are 3 seats empty next to me and 2 seats empty in front of me. Feel lonely 
@noelness @magzalez So so sooooo sorry! I wish we had met you at the gate. Feel TERRIBLE 
@Preciouseyez:sorry for your loss. Feel betta  was it your sister???
@carluuuna ohmygosh! haah i'm at a fam party too and i have a hella bad migraine also!  Feel better, lea!
raw! Haha. Feel like Shit  why am i out tonight?
@MinkyMoo Yee-OUCH! And what's worse, there's not much you can do for a broken toe other than have it reset (reduced). Feel better soon! 
@doddas dude, I got the nose &amp; all!!! Oink! Feel like dirty ass! 
Just got home. Feel so guilty have missed praying time 
My head hurts so bad  Feel like I've been punched in my eye. This best not be the start of a cold 
Feel like I'm trapped in this world where only GCSE's matter 
Feel extreamly ill, haven't felt like this in months 
Couple of hours in bed while the GP was on. Slept a bit. Feel just as trashed as before I went. Feel like I'm wasting a day for training 
Up again! YAY! Feel much more awake. But I feel like I've slept away my entire morning! 
@justdanella So sorry to hear that!    At least it's not in pain anymore.  Feel better when you can.
OMg just crashed my step dads car... Never happened to me before EVER! Feel bad 
Feel like watching 'The Sound of Music' tonight. Don't have the movie in stock though  stupid thing.
Feel terrible all of a sudden, I've got that impending &quot;doomy&quot; feeling over me for some reason. I don't think it's gonna be a good week 
Feel like shit...ill have to miss the youth bbq tonight 
@sable_kitty Feel better! Sorry to hear about your fishie. 
@BadAstronomer Unfortunately... Yes. Feel dirty  Sorry... #griffin
@Aceofcups  Hang in there! Feel better love. &lt;3
@hangontomato I had the same thing happen tonight.    Feel better!
Feel like shit.  its only getting worse.
@saydiemason That's not good.        Feel better.
@ddlovato Feel Better!  not fun having stomach problems
@jordanknight Awww...that sucks!   I've done that b4~can even imagine dancin with it~esp with way nkotb dances! Feel better!
@BriColeBolt  I like you!!! Feel better!!!
Up and dressed for work... Feel exhausted though 
I can't sleep because I can't breathe. Feel like crap 
Feel so ill  going back to sleep nanight x x x
On my way home. Feel sick (please no)  learning...
Feel like I acheived a lot today; shame no one gets just how much 
Feel ill  think i might have swine flu
Morning sickness is the worst. Feel really rough and I don't like it. 
It's a very family focused week. Both kids birthdays plus parent-teacher interviews. Lacking time to twitter.  Feel very deprived!
I think I caught a cold. Feel bad &amp; weird throat thing happening. 
   i still Feel like a Douchebag
Feel like shit, stuffy nose head hurts but ftfd was awsome last night n they deff kno I have the cd  ohhh well wtf I wanna go home
Feel like shiiiiiiiiiiit 
Feel permanantly on edge... 
Feel quite awful. Sleepy with pounding headach. 
@GameCouch yes my abdomen pain is starting to creep back so I understand completely. Feel better soon 
@taticakes I'm the only person who likes her ovaries to bleed lol.  Feel better~ chu
So humid out. Feel like I'm back in Atlanta. 
@MissD757 Bwaaaah is right? Feel like I got something stuck in my throat. Something like this always happens to me. Another unbelievable. 
Never been the one to do the dumping before  Feel bloody awful
Feel like shit. 
Feel myself getting sick....ughh not cool. Jake leaves thurs 
Feel like crap today-throat is sore all the muscles in my neck hurt just crap in general  got until the 23rd to get over whatever it is!
@kmackvonerck Oh sure, no rush! Sounds great. Feel better! I've had 3 bouts of death flu so far in the past month. Not fun. 
@spencercase cut his head  we're worried about you, Spencer! Feel better soon!
@nataliebailey  Sorry to hear that m'dear!  Feel better soon!
@bartiaco In two minutes? Shit...that was so fast..Feel sorry for you  There a lot of flippers, who are starting to buy them for ebay..
@tanaya12  Feel better. I had one tonight, too, but the pain meds kicked in.
@MarleeMatlin I don't get the violence, never have. I think some people will use any excuse to be destructive. Feel bad for the injuries 
 Feel like shit. Choked on something last night &amp; now throat &amp; chest ache &amp; headache. Chicken noodle soup, sandwich, chips, then bed.
@huma_rashid @madeinkowloon I'm not as petite as y'all are, but my 11-year-old is almost as tall as me. Feel sorry for me. 
@carolemoyes I know why you gave up.. Especially this time of the year... Feel like a giant weight is resting on my head 
Feel like crap. 2, maybe 3 hours of sleep isn't good! And i'm back in work 
Although near equity highs the model would, if not stopped, now be making money! Feel somewhat cheated 
Why oh why does work have to be hell the day before I go away somewhere and was reduculously excited. Feel like crap now 
Damn im sick Feel like shit 
finally,home. Feel sick 
Oh bollox...didn't realise it was HIM! Feel bad now 
&quot;i better go, looks like i'm just a guy who annoys you&quot; i know i shouldn't have talked to someone when i'm this... sleepy. Feel bad 
So... talked to the superintendant of schools. Feel like I was &quot;yes-ed&quot; to death  Still trying to figure out what to do....
Feel so tired but I cannot sleep 
If you need me, I'll be in meetings all day  Feel free to send some love.
Feel bad for arguing with mummy.oh well.  hair dye!!!
At work. Feeling sick.  I'm very pissed about the schedule... Feel like calling Douchebag and blasting his retard ass out.
Feel nervous about going back to jakarta..should I actually go back there? 
@hayleyskittle   Feel better soon, chica!
@midgat0 oh man, that really stinks. Sorry to hear that  Feel better soon.
@agarcher I can't access any of the links on @strife25's server.  Whaaa!  Feel like I'm really missing out 
@shanonauti Feel hugged hun. I know what it feels like letting go of friends 
@wellnesstravel ouch!! hope it helps 2! reminds me of time I got 50+ bites taking film crew ride thru the Everglades. Feel ya. Not fun 
Feel sooo sick again 
@KelseyMacD Oh,   I was only joking, but that sounds crappy. Feel better soon.
@RonisWeigh   hope it whatever it is, it makes it's way out of him fast.  Feel better little guy.
@harveysan Feel better soon.  I have a cold too. 
coffee from up on top of the hill has done me in! No More.  Feel so bad, have to stay away from coffe for a while  until i feel better
Migraineeeesssss suck.  Feel ill and wishing my head would fall off.
@Julsens86 ur sick? Wtf man its june! Feel better  i love u -- hope that helped a little &lt;3
Scary weather is scary! Feel like I should be hiding under the stairs. 
Feel like crap: really want to quite my job. 
@lyricswithmusic  Feel better.
Dont like going to sleep after being full off a meal. Feel so fat  workout in overdrive tomorrow  I like that
Feel ill  and got a childcare exam today . .
Feel whiney and pathetic i really dont want to read 
About to head off to school with 2.2.1! Feel ashamed 
Feel like a right slumdog millionaire..jus not the millionaire part!Sooo not feelin up 2 workin on this beat  I hve my days!change my mind
Feel so fat and ugly today  does anyone have any good tips to help shift the tum?
@a_web_designer no--I've got swine flu!   Feel like a truck has run over my head.
Going home,gotta take a short nap before working on the assignment which due tomorrow. Feel sad bcause hvta sacrifice DATE tonight. 
plodding through the day with a head cold  Feel like death
Feel so weird! Stomach hurts.  tests are over! Finished school for 2 months!
@alexandervision  That is definitely over the top. Feel sorry for the  children. 
getting colder at night in this season. Feel so especially when waiting the last train 
Feel seriously funky. Not ill, but ... eh, I think I was closest with 'funky'.. I do not understand 
Only 4 more hours til I can go home and install 3.0. Feel free to enjoy copy and paste without me  #fb
Just showered. Feel like a new girl. Haha reading until the viewing 
Feel like I bombed my final 
Feel like I'm getting sick  I hope not...time for Motrin, soup and a nap.
@FilthyRotten  ! Feel better. because I say so.
Feel a restless night coming on. Stupid hayfever 
@sineadkeogh will do. But now, to sleep... Feel better, sick girl 
fucking long ass time. Feel like im not good enough or just plain old used. w/e, time to get over him i guess 
Feel super sick  threw up twice already 
That's it. Done. Feel... weird. I'm going to miss the characters a great deal. Even Baltar. 
@lilTanker exactly... Feel sympathy for me...  sad face...
@MiaHump who u tellin. I Feel like death. 
Finally dri in home after a long day. Feel sorry for the UFD tomorrow 
I Feel Down... because i was just about to give up again on a dream.. because it was not going my way 
@jamespgilbert I really hope it's not #SwineFlu  Feel better soon! And if you're really concerned about it get checked out! #impendingdoom
Feel a bit crap today.... 
Feel so rubbish two cack night sleep in a row 
Feel so sad  insecure damn i hate this crap
Feel like I'm the only person on twitter today not upgrading to 3.0  
Feel like crap and am v tired as have been up most of the night trying not to fall off the sofa  i wish he had told me not to go :'(
Feel like crap. Blocked up nose and sore throat, the WORST 
Feel so weird this morning 
Feel distinctly like death warmed over  oh the things we do for lurve..
@irisis Ouch.  Feel better soon - please please please take it easy!
@rankshifted  i have an email. and a phone. Two, in fact. Feel free to vent.
Feel like sleeping but im not tired at all, how 
Feel like watching the Woodstock move again   (for the nth time) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWIWphPSBTc
Feel really sad, the blenders gonna lose one of its member like really soon. We only have tomorrow to throw a farewell 
Feel a bit deflated coz i just took part in a drama and i knew it wasnt my best  but well dun to the rest of ma team 
@jennablack Ouch! Feel better, hon. I fractured my kneecap once. Tried to bend it the wrong direction. I feel your pain. 
Feel bad a kid in our region died the other day.... 
@ivanaaa Yuck. I hate feeling sick like that.  Feel better soon, ok?
Having a clear out of spam followers. Feel suddenly unpopular 
Slept a few hours after getting up for our return flight at 3.30 am.still tired  Feel like I could sleep all day .....
Feel like ass. sick for last couple of days. did nothing at all  still icky but back at work.
@Nicnixs xxxoo I miss you too.  *cries* Feel better! I made you a lil' something: http://tinyurl.com/lc9uu4 lol
Sleeept in, finally getting ready to leave. Feel bad about sleeping in, should have set my alarm for once. 
Feel so sad cos Phily's ship isnt coming in tonight after all 
Its just 5th day in Sunnyvale.. Feel like i am here for the last 1 year.. 
@mystiquejewels As a fellow migraine sufferer, I'm sorry to hear you've got one. Feel better! 
Feel a cold coming on, achy muscles and sour feeling in my stomach. Bone tired, I need a nap 
Feel sick as fuck, someone help 
Feel another headache coming along 
Feel bad, my kiddo is about to have a hernia trying to open the wooden jar of &quot;peas&quot; that do not open 
@jaimiehilary Feel better, baby doll   I love you!
Feel sick again 
@nyciia Feel better soon  sore throats are the worst!
cuddling up with tons of water, a lake blanket and mindless novel. Feel sooo bad 
@CWallace9  Feel better soon buddy 
Ughhh.  Feel like I've been hit by a truck.  Most definitely sick.  
@bigapplejovi Thnx but can't access net til home. Can only get picture mssg sent to phone.  Feel so cut off.
is totally bewildered about life tonight. Feel like it's 2003 all over again... BTMM 
This is so overwhelming.. Feel sad, wanna cry! Just dont understand YOU! .. Yes, YOU! .. whatever , you are never gonna read this 
back is absolutely killing me. Feel like fuck. 
Man its a lot of international travelers that's not going nowhere tonight!!! Feel bad for them 
Feel so hated today 
I Feel sick...idk what's up with my eyes, head and sinuses!!  I hope its not another sinus infection!!!!!!! 
@CoachMonique I Feel u Coach. I wanted to go out 2. But not rlly...I Dnt kno where my drive to go out is!  I'm so corny!!!
@Peetryny Feel better sweetheart 
Feel like i just had 2 5000 pound weight dropped on my chest. 
Feel a little like death today. Flu + not enough sleep = bad combination 
Feel really sick 
@mightyvanessa That's no fun  Feel better! I usually use those bean bag thingys that heat up in the microwave when I have a stomach ache.
She is so harsh, even when i made an honest mistake.. Feel like crying now  - http://tweet.sg
Feel like sleeping on the beach with sun in my face but keep on dreaming... working very 'hard' at work 
I Feel really sick and dizzy 
No network in the office. Feel like I've been cut off from the outside world! 
Really glad I don't have to be at work in two and a half hours like I was originally scheduled. Feel like @thesaragilbert unable to sleep 
hate waiting to do a pitch... Feel sick 
Feel like cr*p today, barking like a dog and now the hayfever is starting...groan ... 
So so bored. Feel the size of a house.. holiday is going to be awful at this rate 
Feel so ill and im meant to be going out later 
@Chan_SoPretty awwww!  Feel better!  Is ur eye any better? I think u shoulda had a lil more 'splash' in that wine to knock it out!
Feel so lethargic 
@jduarte22 I know what you mean. I hate being sick!  Feel better soon!
Feel a bit sick from too much skittle nommage now. 
@DingDong2112 Havent worked out in 2 days. Feel like a snail. 
Has finished series 5 of #thewire. Feel as tho am in mourning at the prospect of no more 
Zante is awsome! This is prob costing me a fortune! Feel like Ive been here for ages! Miss my car and sub 
Movie was super funny! Feel wide awake though my contacts are drying up my eyes 
@nataliebailey  Paranoia sucks! Feel better soon friend.
Camping! Yay. Site we're at has no BBQ policy.  so can't cook the ribs i brought. Feel knackered now
Out in lufra. Feel hella out of place 
Is off to bed, I have work at 9 so I'll be up at 7  .. Feel for me guys lol :'( Haha .... NIGHT =D
Feel the it is kicking in . . . Noooo 
@theeppilepsyguy hey you...Erik and I are just awake and moving.  Feel awful.  
@yelyahwilliams For real, kid? Feel better. Sinus infections suck. 
@stacylwhitman Oh, I know. Having cancer has taught me all about the charm of our health care systems, and the lack thereof. Feel better! 
Is feeling fluey and sad for myself!     Feel like orange juice off to squeeze some!!!
@kelliephayer I'm sorry I was so wasted and tired.  Feel bad that I wasn't there when you needed me. &lt;3
At work  3 hours to go! Feel like I've been here all day!  somebody bail me out!
@kristeneileen hey hope you're feeling better.  I've had a week of being sick and it's not fun.  Feel better...
I hate myself and i'm fat. Feel sorry for me 
@Chrisisaghost I know  But if I thought you were any ol baby I'd offer you diapers. But I offered you cruisers 8]. Feel better?
Feel like crap, wonna go home, still got 2 hours 
Pretty sure I just binged on like 5000 calories tonight. Yuck. Feel like crap 
Feel like i'm torn between best friend and girl friend  confused...
Graduated! And now I'm just sitting on the couch. Feel like I should be celebrating 
@andyprovidence I have a bad headache too dude. Feel better 
Ughh can't sleep! Feel sick to my stomach... 
Have a hangover the size of a small continent. Feel quite pants &amp; all self-inflicted. I'm getting old 
Feel like i missed a very important moment due to unstable internet. 
In bed now gonna read and stuff. Maybe watch a flick on my pod. Feel SUPER dry. Skin and eyes and stuff. 
Over dosed on red wine last night and went partying till abou three. Feel so il am chubbs is gna wana go to the gym in an hour 
@sweetpotatoes Oh dear. I don't know, I've never had one. Feel better. 
 really not well! Feel so ill  I hate it!
Feel like such a grandpa  9pm and struggling to stay awake :-/
Feel pissed with myself, wanna cry at the same time. Don't know what to do 
Kids both have a bad cough. No bonsai BBQ 4 us today  Feel free 2 show off your final products @ussross, @ c_ward or @ablack1985
@AxSyn Changed my photo. Feel soooo guilty. 
Feel really yuck - dunno if its a bug or what 
thinks the cheesecake was a total disaster  Feel like crying now, gunna taste like rubbish for my daddy tomorrow 
Feel very lonely with a couple opposite me cuddling and the girl sleeping 
@JimMcCann Aww I was all excited to hear about those projects you are working on!  Feel better jim!
Just woke up!!!! Feel like someone punced me in the face!!! 
is tired, had a loong day but it was worth it. Feel so unloved, nobody has called or texted me today  ahwell. One day i will go to France.
@NotSoShabbyChic  a lot of people I know have been getting sick. Feel better soon!
Needs to figure out what to do about moving?! really need some money!  Feel like i could be out on the steet for at least a month:S
Feel like shit! I wish I had a million dollars 
Home now. Feel proper shit 
@anatomies Sorry your  day's so shitty. Feel better. 
Feel like I'm missing out on LIFE  http://myloc.me/4IlA
Feel like the plague. I'm available for time and nobody wants to spend any with me. 
And again I do nothing wrong but live my life &amp; I get into shit for it, great. Feel the goddamn love!!!!! 
Feel awful I just realized I was supposed to do something with a friend tonight!   Sorry A...
Feel really icky, gah 
I Feel all stuffy and weak think i just may have a cold 
Feel like crap got food posioning 
Feel a bit sick. Not sure if it's milo overload or exam nerves. 
Maybe i shouldnt have had that second slice of cake. Feel major sick  blah.
Playing the sims with Katie... Feel like shit because I kinda deleted her game 
Lazy sunday. Feel like bumming all day. But I have to go and celebrate dad's and grandad's fathers day. 
Feel so lonely and don't know what to do. 
@LJS_Lexxa  Feel better soon! Be thinking of ya!
Feel like shit, I ate too fast earlier and now I'm paying for it. 
Feel rough as fuck. Don't know why though 
Feel lyk crap  When life hands u lemons &amp; u dnt know how to make lemonade, ur jus left with a bunch of crappy lemons!!
I'm sooo tired.. Feel  like ****.... Gotta finish ICT today ! It keeps haunting me..  
Feel like eating chicken &amp; chips 
 Feel sorry for him, he's kidless on father's day.
Last weekend of calm before the storm. Feel so tired now that I have stopped for a minute. 
Missed the ENTIRE wedding reception because I was in the hospital. Feel like  I have a broken back but have sprained neck, back &amp; ankle. 
Feel like I haven't twittered much today 
@lisar1167 I saladed today, too. Feel like I'm gaining some of what I lost last month 
@ddlovato Aw don't cry hun.  I'll say a lil prayer for you. Feel better!
Feel stupid running into the grill. Something else to fix 
@crystalchappell Strep throat is the worst, my last bout decided to mutate into a sinus infection  Feel better!
I Feel Lonely... 
Feel like shit, and don't know why. Mmm, to top it off I have work tonight. 
Finding work clothes and headed to book. Feel like one of my favorite things has been ruined 
for standing his ground finally. Feel bad for the kids. 
Feel like I'm gonna throw up again for the 10th time! Don't know what's wrong with me this morning. Cabbing it to my bed right now 
@shustonphotos it won't let me do anything just has an error code! Feel naked without it ~ argh 
Feel like complete crap but no leave after the operation 
@ChanelBlueSatin frist yo hubby and now u? Doesn't sound good at all!  Feel better.  ~Enjo
Feel bad for lil boo who had to go to a tweet up today - poor child.  so sad.
Feel like crap  waiting for J so we can have lunch
Still trippin over that 1000 hit... Thieves got one over on me yall!!! Feel stupid.. 
Gutted I'm not on the way to Glasto. Feel somewhat lost 
Feel my confidence and level of honesty is increasing, at a risk of losing some niceness 
is watching tv with the boyfriend. Feel a bit down today 
Feel giddy when young people follow my blog, esp if theyre attractive art boys. However, I have a creeper. 
Took hayfever tablet on empty stomach. Feel very sick now. 
Feel like someone has shoved a hedgehog down my throat  just want to sleep!
Is listening to lionel richies definitive collection on route to work in the hope it will motivate me at caricature training. Feel awful 
Feel awful...losing my voice, gungy eyes, runny nose, general yuckiness. Hayfever possibly? And I have to go out 
Feel like crap today.. Headache 
@kazfoxxy - time of month hun &amp; I don't mean payday! Feel really bad, hate feeling like this, just wanna cry 
Feel so hot I could take all my clothes off. Wouldn't go down well here tho. Looking and feeling very rough 
Feel so bored @ work! I don't think I like it anymore! UGH! 
Feel slightly less like death to today,but think that due to uber pain killers. Chest hurts a lot though 
left my phone at home today! Feel cut off from the world 
Ate too much shit at lunch  Feel sick now!
Oh dear, new car badly scrathed and NOT by me thank goodness.  Feel sorry for husband as he didn't do it either.  
Feel like crap this morning, want to go back to bed, but dang it, I have to work! 
I ate too much cake and crisps. Feel sick 
Eeef am missing show 2nite  Feel crappier than before but determined to make it tomorrow... somehow...
Feel like crying. Don't want to go to work 
@TheLastStorm Is it bad that I was wishing 4 her death in the 2nd book?  Can someone just bleed her already!  Feel sorry 4 the wolf boy 
Feel incomplete...but I don't know how to change what's up  And it's not cause #superman64 isn't trending topic, as far as i know anyway
Home. Feel like I've had a sauna. In my clothes 
GUys, heard about any money saving tips that you want to share?  Feel free to tweet them my way!  
@NatachaGrace No problem. And if you have any tips on movies or music - whatever. Feel free to pass them on to me. It will make me happy! 
@jwscws2009 yay! You're the best!!  Feel better!
Just spoke to dad over phone. Feel much better now. Probably the best conversation I had today. 
Blocked a bunch of stalkers on twitter.  Feel a little less violated now! 
My &quot;Birds in Flight&quot; photos of today. Feel free to caption them  http://www.flickr.com/photos/danielerossi/sets/72157616997918066/
@lovewhitmarie  If you need a doctor, you can find one here and make an appointment directly online! http://bit.ly/rpz4 Feel better 
@PropertyVoyeur  Feel free to use me as an example of a Realtor to connect with.  I meet the same type of buyers - http://www.ChomzTV.com 
@EggyMayers Feel good to be home? 
@djrhienna I think I'm coming to Electric Feel 
Have you got a property to sell/lease?? Feel free to list it @onlineproperty www.onlinepropertyseeker.com * Cheers 
@SandraPena a lot can change in 5 years or it can stay the same. Feel it out first 
@Jrivkind You and I know how to fix that problem,,,Feel better 
Feel good song!  ? http://blip.fm/~4kw7f
@DUBBYDUB tell that to the alkis that woke me up saying bring liq  wat u doin.. Feel like makin a trip to my county n gettin ur sexy on
i've just finished with Freshman's works  Feel COOl but tired.
Feel work was productive today.2morrow begins 2 crazy busy wks but going to try to hit the ground running and be positive! Hey,it's sunny 
is But I Don't Feel Like Dancin!!!.................... such a good song 
@trance_Junkie Feel free to post a link  #asot400
@tbald2 Feel free to check out http://angelcove.us for loads of info on organ donation &amp; my own personal story. 
@emandsammac nothing bad has happened. I just need to be in three places at once. Feel free to brick someone's house for me anyways. 
@doveypoo Have you been to see a doctor yet? Feel better soon. 
Ah!! I'm totally exhausted..Feel like relaxing.. 
@laylakayleigh Having a screwdriver on your behalf.   Feel better!
@wilw It's stuff like this that makes your fans apeshit for you. So heartfelt and authentic. Feel better, dammit. And go to DragonCon. 
@shariyee haha.. It'll be a while... Feel special..  
Feel Like working over the weekend.. I hope i am in my senses 
Kite, please kindly pull me up, I wanna see the blue sky that you see thru ur eyes. Feel the wind and look at that kite closely like u do 
@RashelleReid Thank you about my tips!  A pleasure to meet you! And look fwd to hearing your manifesting stories! Feel free to share ur..
@elenaxoxo OW! I did that, the burn didnt go away for a month,. Feel better 
says Dobryj vyen'. Feel free to visit my blog.  http://plurk.com/p/rhb8q
Feel too lazy to drive home...maybe I could move back in with my parents? 
Feel like carrying some furniture? 
The new Zenkaikon website design is live  Feel free to check it out!
@mamaluvsangels And the smell wasn't all that whippy.  Feel better.
@bradwhiteau uh oh! What's going on? Feel free to email 
@roynuj thank you  Feel much more relaxed now that everything isn't as scary as in the beginning 
Got back from a week of jamming in the French city of Meyrueis. Feel hella replenished 
$900 cheque to cash tomorrow, why I didn't get it in the bank I have no idea. Feel safe to get the 500D now though  woooo
@ashestoashessn2 Fab, eh?  Feel free to come along for some pre-ep 4 chat and drinks over at Luigi's - http://www.luigis.org.uk tomorrow! 
Has done it!! Feel better now...  resigned from committee . Kris you were right but had lots of debating in myhead and time to go.
@JancisRobinson Don't worry too much it gets easier! See you tomorrow night at the Circle dinner! Feel free to ask questions! 
@bboutique Feel free to bring any other decorations etc for the shoot if you want! Oh and call me when you get here, I'll come find you 
I Feel Damnnnnn good!! 
@Garythetwit I really hope so. Little less wind would be fine...  Feel retarded too this morning? 
@JonClements I've posted all the pictures of Jeremiah I took. Feel free to use them 
@TomFelton: I don't like hospitals or needles either; probably a pretty common phobia but still scary.Feel better soon 
@justbrady ditto that. Feel like an appendage is no longer working!!  WHERE TO SEARCH, how to communicate!? 
Still awake wondering if I can find any good apps for my iPhone...need to fall alseep!! Feel like @savannahgracem being up this late 
I'm going to embarrass a few tweeps by recommending them via @mrtweet. Feel free to  (embarrass) recommend me back! 
Just done 10k on a wet and windy walthamstow marshes. Feel like i've been in a washing machine. Has woken me up tho 
(Feel free to retweet that btw  )
@thisisryanross hope your doing better my myself. Feel better. 
@innerfrenzy that's cool.. Like to plan early cause I have to take the day off anyways a month in advance. Feel free to bring Jeremy 
@jessiepearce Texts From Last Night. It's funny I'll show you quickly later. Feel betterrrr I'll be there to get you in an hour 
Feel like I have blown half my brain out my nose this morning.. yes nice image for you all eating breakfast atm 
No updates for 3 days... Kind of like fasting without the spiritual benefits.  Feel like so much was not said, but nobody cares either 
@cassieRobinson just got your message! Sorry to hear your poorly-we can rearrange for another time. Feel better soon 
Enjoying a splitting headache while weaning off coffee/caffeine.  Down to one or two cups of green tea a day.  Feel like Tetsuo somehow. 
Thanks for following @reflectionwhite and @paul_hartick  !! I am now following you as well!! Feel free to join them and folllow me! 
@tallredamanda Sorry you had to endure that! Feel better soon 
@andysowards good man! Feel better, dude. Just take it easy and it will go a long way to making you feel better 
It is a good idea to make sure it is in sturdy packaging and taped securely! Feel free to go a little tape happy! 
@rollermt Indeed it's complex, but glad to hear you like the poster/chart! Feel free to drop feedback and/or push it in your community 
Feel of an unrevealed love: In my dream ur mine but in my life you are a dream  http://bit.ly/2lHQUv
Feel like I've had the phone glued to my ear for the past hr! grrrrr! 
@glcuccureddu Trying to squeeze my haircut into a tight working schedule. Feel like a lion - need a haircut badly 
@Shwirley Feel free 
Just a reminder: my birthday is in 7 days. Feel free to message me for a complete list  of bday gift ideas 
Feel like shit... Going to watch Dawsons creek  Wish I didnt have to work this arvo!!!
I'm a bit tired this morning. Feel good for going to the gym last night tho. Not that I did much after, but it relaxed me. 
@presh99 Feel free to ask me anything else you want to know! 
is about to go to bed after updating www.shaylamichelle.com . Feel free to check out my hobby if you like jewelry! 
Tweeting because I can, and I'm really bored . @stephdewhurst Feel Better 
@KevinBazinet You're an amazing singer. I have your song 'Can You Feel' on my iPod and i love it!!!! Reply back please? 
@CindySue1 Feel better soon, Cindy! 
Feel like summer Santa claus-- gift giving everywhere 
