Most common words for this cluster:
[('feels', 389), ('feeling', 373), ('feel', 60), ('com', 54), ('p', 51), ('plurk', 49), ('http', 40), ('today', 34), ('sick', 20), ('day', 18), ('bit', 15), ('shit', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'feels', 0.8853639960289001), (u'feel', 0.8764608502388), (u'feeling', 0.8486790657043457), (u'felt', 0.7622352838516235), (u'Feeling', 0.6941819190979004), (u'Cinder_fella', 0.6035851836204529), (u'Milli_Vanilli_Orlowski', 0.6030676364898682), (u'looks', 0.5908434987068176), (u'think', 0.5877392292022705), (u'pressure_squeezing_fullness', 0.5868874788284302)]





 poor mel. Feeling your pain.
@LanieFuller Feeling really sick today  how about you?
My groat feels like it's getting sore 
feels really ill 
Car got broken into last night. Feeling violated! 
Falalala la... It's way too early to be tweeting but my stomach feels gnarly 
feels sick and has to go to work 
still hasn't gone to sleep at it's past 5 30am! Feeling sad 
Working...and hoping @THiggy feels better 
feels like an only child, i miss licia and jojo 
at work. Feeling sickly 
How did I get to the point where I'm six credits from being done with my course work?  Feeling too close to no longer being a student.  
ugh I'm pretty sure this is what dying feels like. 
@onegirlcreative I hope your little one feels better soon 
Ugh... Feeling like death warmed up. All of us are sick  no bueno.
mtb accident yesterday.  10 stitches to face. 7 grazes - one 20cm long.  Feeling sore.  Greenbelt half marathon in 14 days now unlikely 
feels absolutely awful!! i am sick again with a bad cold i am not happy 
@rainbowjutsu knows the feeling  smoochiez xxx
feels sad after hearing what F said 
 I have that sad and disappointed feeling in my gut...
feels tired and used... 
feels like crapola is going to bed 
That left me with a queesy feeling. So much frusteration and anger with this team 
Overdosed.  Feeling like shit. Afraid to sleep.
feels like sleeping from 7-12:30am was a bad idea but i feel a smidge better  idnw go to schhol
I thought I was finally getting rid of this feeling but I guess not 
I'm wishing that life would just be a little bit kinder to me and throw me a bone one of these days. Feeling down for the count 
Just had a quarrel at home with my family.. Feeling too down now 
feels lonley 
neci won't leave my side, so orion feels unwelcome 
Michealll I'm sorry!!!! I wanted u to sleep over...  anyways my stomach feels worse
@andifoo I'mnot feeling very well  fell asleep
@baxiabhishek I have a bad feeling it'll be converted into unwearable shorts 
Juts woke up.. Feeling very hung over 
head feels cabbaged over things, and feels stuck in a rut she cant get out off 
been up since 3 and feels really sick 
Looks like my swine-flu scare is over. Feeling much better now, but for some reason i'm really missing the smell of olbas oil 
@CaptainCeej Feeling good, but it's a lovely day and I'm stuck at work  What are your plans?
i didnt know getting up early felt so ... good! psyching up, then studying for 8h. 
ewhhhhh, i didn't sleep well. i had this horrible feeling and just tossed and turned. i'm still in beddd  need to get up !
@natelambert I know how that feels.  
@MossLover I'm still tweaking my presentation.  Feeling better about it every minute, but wish I had found a way to finish last week 
feels like eating satays.  http://plurk.com/p/rdlkc
@xGabii yup still fluuish..feeling pretty shitty  but im sure ill be beter soon...how are u? &lt;333
feels so sad because he can't go to EuroDjango 
My retainer feels weird 
feels defeated 
feels rubbish! 
Just dropped nephews off at airport. Feeling really sad 
@dannyo_O  feeling for ya, that must have suuucked. you alright now?
Now extremely worried. Feeling sick just thinking about it. 
Just woke up. Or better, someome woke me up... Feeling tired 
Fighting the swimmyheaded feeling. 
@SheriRocks oh dear what brought that on madame thas not a nice feeling 
feels like crap... bring on the winter colds 
omg just came back from the store and my knee feels like it wanna just break on me any second now... ughh felt like this since earlier 
took a big fat nap  but it didnt feel satisfying
Doesn't like this feeling at all... 
Our bed feels so empty without you in it 
Taking extra long at the doctor's today. Feeling impatient!  waah!
feels realy bad for ryan 
my tummy feels queasy........   need more beer!
I cant stop feeling 
@theAsianparent They shouldn't even get married in the first place  But ppl feel trapped by societal pressure... sigh..
feels really ill...if this carries on I think I'll have to book myself in to the docs 
i hate when my shuffle knows how im feeling  ... sad songs come on when you dont necessarily want it &gt;
back in gville, in my new apartment... feels weird without the troops  kinda sad.
feels like shit. 
feels really weird 
I think our pho place uses MSG  Feeling nauseous.
I'm wondering why @chelseaambrosia and @fr0gsmak are talking about where I'm moving? I have a bad feeling it won't be good 
feels bad about being bad.. 
feels lonely  http://plurk.com/p/svoad
@JasonBradbury bugger! had a feeling you'd say that! i'll just have to wait until I move back and get it free on O2 contract... 
Dropping my daughter off at the bus to go back to school. Feeling quite sad 
feels like crawling into a corner, and hiding under a blanket....  
feels as birthdays go... this has been one of the worse 
@dianabui Its getting more and more complicated  and yet its so good, i think the feel of thinking pleasures me ^.^
feels cold and lonely...  http://plurk.com/p/t9dnq
Man  I'm going to miss my roommate @cherylgarbowski a lot! Feeling pretty sad right now...
Everything looks hit when its wet 
just saw some fish....felt really bad for them 
Morning! Feeling tired and a bit down today 
just chillin in bed but feel pretty crap as the girl i really love i had to delete as i dont knw if its working  badtimes....
I'm stuck at home with a cold and no voice! Feeling sorry for myself 
I've learnt some basic cookery lessons yesterday, cinnamon does not go with everything no matter how much i like it. Feeling it now 
feels sorry for dicko  what did he ever do? I say kick off kyle
feels sick. quite literally. 
feels so sick today.. 
is feeling kind of forgotten... i really dont like this feeling 
is trying to sleep but had an uncomfortable feeling that wont let me 
is trying to sleep but has this uncomfortable feeling that wont let me 
i have an iball keyboard and in about 6 months, its conked... feels very hard to use 
need more sales! pant's pocket feeling very light 
Putting off the house work, I was convinced the bad weather would make it easier.  Just one more hour and I'll start.  Feeling the blues 
Just finish a 2hrs meeting. Feeling thirsty I talked too much 
Has finally caught whatever cold has been going around and feels crappy 
think i'm coming down with cold. feeling rubbish. 
i don't feel so well. make this feeling go away please? 
feels like a gray mouse 
feels really ill 
At work. Feeling shitty 
i keep getting really dizzy and my ears feel all stuffy... it's not a pleasant feeling 
@yvettenicole that's not good  know how that feels
feels bad because her baby is so unhappy... I'm unhappy too baby!...  unhappy without you... 
@5and1 that's the tool they use to needle felt i mean!   or you could use fabric glue which would be ghetto cheap and easier than sewing!
@swarmichael dude. I'd love to but I'm so hungover .. Feeling poopie 
1 hr to go for lunch break ... Feeling damn hungry 
feels fat and gross but can't seem to stop being hungry   
math was effin hard!!  i hav a bad feeling about it!
I am not sure of how or what I am supposed to feel. Feeling detached with myself again  Is there any cure? hhhh.....
In office. Feeling veryyyyyyyyyyyy sleepy 
feels very poorly 
up early as usual. Feeling the effects of 3.5 hrs sleep 
very close to giving up...feel actually sick with nerves about this exam 
I am so nervous  hate this feeling of dread and panic.
@ohthedecadence I'm suffering too  You sound worse though.  Feeling way better after treating myself to a McD's bfast.It's a miracle!
feels sick after eatin astro belts for breakfast! 
feels sick  tell me what to do with my hair
is off to uni for her exam,but feels so ill 
I miss you like fuck! Feeling sick that i havent spoken to you in a day.  &lt;33
@thinksea why do i got the feeling you're angry at me again? 
Just said byebye to ArnieLeeLee @ bus station. Feeling a bit sad and lonely. 
doesn't know what's up and feels bad 
ughh, having a reaction to the anaesthetic from having a filling at the dentist. Feeling poorly 
Home sick from work. I feel yucky.  This feels like bronchitis. 
feels confused n doubt whether she has been too serious towards academic? 
feels confused n doubt whether she has been too serious towards academic.  
keep getting rejected into movies. Feeling defeated. 
My sister has just been admitted to hospital. Feeling very sad and very far away. She lives in Devon 
rach got a booty call sms at 11:30pm. Feeling left out; nobody ever booty calls me at 11:30pm 
@lindsayinspace I'm aware that you never came back  I left at 11:30, feeling rejected.
This is an awfully familiar feeling. 
feels suddenly anxious and tense... bad sign... thi is a bad sign... 
(@Geoaddict): Feeling sad that I'm not #GWS7 
feels really bad 
@petewentz what do you mean? -feels really stupid- 
feels really sick 
feels really sick 
About to start my day! Feeling a little sick to my stomach though  Ick.
feels totally exhausted  http://plurk.com/p/wwomf
@kcarruthers Awww.  Feeling a bit rough myself, actually, but I had to come to work for the board meeting.
Is wondering is this is what swine flu feels like    I feel dreadful.
feels strong contractions but wants to go out.  http://plurk.com/p/wxidk
feels really sick. 
@greentm  ... i have phone calls like that often .. different subject - same result of feeling beaten to pulp and left for dead
feels very, very rough!  
feels not good at all 
feels so used I hate guys grrrr 
Lunch time! Feeling really odd today, generally not great 
feels slightly better but damn i sure do miss him.....he's going to be so hard to get over......  i messed it up ...donuts=comfort
feels better now that she ate. Doesnt want to be here until 9:30. 
bad mood and i dont feel good. too bad no one cares 
At home now. Feeling very tired. I want to take a nap but I can't. 
listening to music...feeling kind of down 
feels very very sick  hmph.
feels f*cked! and feet are aching  need my beeeeeddddddd!!!
@emperorliu my dick feels smaller when i look at you 
@fhgrl33 @melissameaghan shes REALLY REALLY sorry and feels SO fuckin bad 
What a slow night at work! Feeling down due to lack of moola tonight 
feels really sick!!!!!!!!! 
It's going to be a mutual feeling 
feels realllllly sad  http://plurk.com/p/x48yx
@SuckonDz aww I hope your babyboy feels better  I can't watch stitches or shots, so I understand.
@herojaejoong oppa, someday if i can't stop this feeling, may be I'll run to you  ~ enven though only can see u so far ~ really love you
At Relay for life, and almost cant bear it. Feeling too strong to easilly hide  .
feels I don't know   http://plurk.com/p/x4v3m
feels sick to my stomach, hoping everything stays down 
having a bad feeling 
drunk yet coherent. i hate this feeling 
sometimes u tend to get a feeling that u need a hug. i feel like that now  i dunno if im upset but who can hug me so i feel better?
feels head ache.  http://plurk.com/p/x5sc3
feels really bad that she pisses me off this much, why, I don't get it  bah!
feels really bad  http://plurk.com/p/x6jmv
yay singing! feels like i havent done this in aaaages 
Everything feels crappy. 
@just_J_ sorry for your pink eye  I have never had it,but looks irritating and   itchy.Feeling better now ?
Just woke up stomach feels icky 
WooHoo - finally a beautiful day! Feeling sick tho 
feels horrible for her bff.  i love you amy. 
feels used by a stupid guy 
feels like crap! allergies suck. 
feels bad for eliza cause she has to sit and watch a graduation...they are really boring 
i hope my pup feels better 
feels very sorry for amber  @darcchancer
Looking back at the last 2 months. Looking ahead at the next 2 months. Feeling exhausted 
feels very disappointed right now.  I screwed up setting my alarm.
@zarhooie I know how that feels 
feels absolutely awful  ?
i want this  feeling to dissolve in the sunshine please.
Going to the mall. Feeling siiiiiiicccckkkk. 
@VoodooAngie Awwww, that sucks! You had a nice bike too.   That's an awful feeling...
feels hitted and quitted?!?!?! 
feels like I have ants on me.  
@richardpbacon hope youre right! Horrible feeling they'll leave her to perform last so shes the one every1s remembering when voting opens 
aw my stomach feels terrible  5am zzzzz
feels like shes getting laringitis again  oh myy
feels sad  what did i  do ?
@__laurenS my head feels like it's about to explode and my eyes ache if that makes sense  and i'm really warm still now
feels worse after what she had to do 
1 hour workout this morning. Feeling super sad today 
33 hours without sleep. This is a first. Feeling really weird. And there Is no wifi. So can't check anything 
feels like a complete idiot and is really embarassed, and feels he wrecked what could have been a perfect day 
@stevewozniak why do i get the feeling you are an imposter 
heading to bed in a funk.  i hate this feeling.  
@Bopsicle I'm sorry... that's a really sucky feeling! 
I hate this feeling. The one where you hate what's happening but you just have to suck it up and accept it. 
Theres something wrong with me,hardly spoken at all this weekend&amp; people who know me,know that aint right :L Feeling very anti-social tbh 
Too much sun + too much wine = Feeling poorly on a sunday morning 
Is awake and feels like the biggest sack of poo ever. I hate waking up early 
feels like a hug 
I hate this feeling I'm feeling now 
feels sick, seriously, so ill 
i think i ate too many dumplings. tummy feels bleh now. 
have a horrible low feeling. feel like someone close has been lost. sorry, but not sociable until my serotonin levels are sorted.. 
feels that he should sleep early tonight  http://plurk.com/p/xepyf
@kuyaz I need #timmies and lot's of water. Feeling the wrath of last nite 
feels like being trapped and i hate itttt.  http://plurk.com/p/xf5ac
Morning all. Feeling a bit under the weather. 
feels so awry  and i'm crying for NOTHING!
@CraftyHope I hope that you can shake your hurt feelings off today as well...that is such a bad feeling 
I'm up not and I still feel blah. It's not a great feeling to have.  
@raincitybaby totally know the feeling 
feels like i ruined all my invites. 
feel bad 4 @skateboardbee bout him throwin the stash away, no bueno 
@courtneyschultz why a bad feeling?? 
i HATE this feeling 
is tired directly after waking up. Not a nice feeling 
feels like shit 
I feel like distilled awful. It's not a good feeling. 
feels sick form eating so much pasta 
feels mentally and emotionally drained ryt now  
feels sick, wish i was off 2moro  schoooool D: getting up at 7am D: exams D: aaarrghhhhh, supposed to be going to bed @ 10 :S will do soon
is up and feels like crap 
I hope @mhawthorne feels better soon 
I hope @mhawthorne19 feels better soon 
Is getting a headache!  Feeling like crying.
blahhh. this feeling is not fun 
Oh great in one email my day gets even worse. I should have hidden under my duvet. Feeling unusually bah humbug. I don't like it 
I have a bad feeling that my bestie needs me 
just woke up from an awful rest. humid and sticky feeling. can i get a break? 
feels stupid. gahd! my education failed me.  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/xlcka
feels a bit lonely 
Off school today, woke up with a HUUUGE headache and was sick :'/ I wanted to get back &amp; see my friends though   Feeling ok now though!
feels lost  what do i want?!
feels ill  and revising blerrghhhh
feels pain somewhere in her kidney  http://plurk.com/p/xm6z9
feels abit down tday tbqh 
feels so bad for the missing plane  xo
@BobTheSkutter feel your pain dude, hated trying to get 5 stars on that song 
i have a really really bad feeling abt it... 
feels sick again. 
Getting a 95 on my Japanese midterm = awesome. Feeling sick after eating celebratory cake = not so awesome 
@shanna1123 I know how that feels 
@mileycyrus I feel the same way  Feeling sick sucks. I hope you get well soon!
@mileycyrus Not a nice feeling that 
Mulling over the events of de day! Feeling uneasy! 
 I saw all the 'tussen de oren' episodes and feel very sad and lonely now. What to watch what to watch?
feels like drinking a good burgundy.... 
So tired of school. Feeling a little under the weather. 
My brain feels like its melting. 
@tommcfly i miss you so much, tom     it's a horrible feeling
 what a terrible feeling.
feels like throwing up 
feels sad. my grapefield all gone to waste...  http://plurk.com/p/xq4a8
feels unaccidently left out and it sucks  never got to see kyle before he left for germany.
cos twitter feels so dead compared to normal... 
Home from my dad's... Feeling like crap 
I'm screwed:/ ugh feels bad on wat she did and she is really sorry 
I am tired of it. Its stupid. Feeling kinda down  but listening to the jb...that always makes me happy.
i can't stop sneezing. it's miserable feeling. 
feels bad  but i'm hoping i won't feel worse.
@elysepeterson  i hope your dad feels better! that really sucks!
feels like she doesn't have a best fren at all  http://plurk.com/p/xsc72
feels alone, again  http://plurk.com/p/xseqd
Although, L4D2 looks like an expansion more than a whole new game. ...  I hope I'm proven wrong about that... Same sounds, same feel..  
At airport meeting point, saw everyone else greet loved ones. Then saw headline re the plane that has just crashed. Feeling meloncholy 
Feels bad that he is sleeping on the couch and I'm in my comfy bed 
feels so exhausted .  http://plurk.com/p/xt0y0
My little feeling are hurt. 
feels like he's cheating on letterman 
Not sure I should have worn this dress.  Feeling quite self conscious today. 
feels bummed out and bleh.  
Just woke up in a frenzy cuz my bbyboy isn't here.  I hate that empty feeling. I love you babe. &lt;3
I really hate the feeling of slightly damp clothes. 
feels sleepy again... side effect of the medicine. 
feels lil overwhelmed, and lil helpless 
I feel both emotionally and physically sick. Feeling really alone and other things 
so so sore. feels as though have been pummelled all over. but why?? i demand a reasonable explanation!!! 
feels like I've been up forever, oh wait, I have 
feels very guilty. I think the stupid silly b!tch is me.... 
how can i hold this feeling,if yearning its too extremely me 
@PsychicGirlinME at this very moment ... thinking about you working over hot melted wax when you dont feel good.  blah 
Still in bed!!! Feeling dead!!! 
Eversince I signed my song...I dnt feel good 
feels so ill  eugh!
ugh feels like shitt 
i hav jus had my feeling hurt 
feels sick,tummy hurts.they said it's anxiety.stress and excitement...  http://plurk.com/p/y14w6
feels stupid  dont exactly know why.
Morning world I'm gonna have a quiet day today.Feeling very ropey &amp; stoma has gone over active 
@funkyflamingo oh no! i know how that feels. 
Apparently this bad feeling is founded. 
Morning all! Feeling especially tired today 
 hazey   had a good feeling; what do I know.
feels down grade position ...  http://plurk.com/p/y2bkg
Oh I just love insomnia   Now I know how @jonathanrknight feels.
I'm angry &amp; I'm sad &amp; feel helpless to help my situation for once I dnt know what to do...   I need a mentor to help me so I can help....
I'm angry &amp; I'm sad &amp; feel helpless to help my situation for once I dnt know what to do..   I need a mentor to help me so I can help....
Morning. Feeling very tired and a bit ill this morning 
feels like cack!!small children need to sleep more 
feels bad.  michael got whatever stomach virus i had.  ughhh...  
feels so lonely here....  http://plurk.com/p/y3h6h
@TheSwelleLife ahh thank you! Feeling fragile 
feels slightly empty 
somethings going on with the nerves in my thumb, it just doesnt feel right, but when i told james he just laughed 
feels like I'm on punishment 
@Lilscarter still burnt?  i'm back to work soon! yay! feel i should give back the card and flowers though...
feels boring right now . .  http://plurk.com/p/y5g4a
@mw1ll but i don't have ur number  *Feeling unpopular*
Just confiscated a recorder from a young child, feel quite bad 
feels ass-whooped by this economy 
I do not like mean people. Feeling a bit beat up this morning. 
@raaaaaaaaaa awww! Feeling is more than mutual! 
I still love todd our child feels neglected though  .03-24-09.
@AmmAuhDiiva ayoo we dont need to kno all thatt babes &amp; you hurtin my feels 
feels she doesnt have enough clothes yet her bag is already overflowing.  don't know what to bring and what ... http://plurk.com/p/yjyrp
@SylFabulous Not a good feeling.  
feels poo. bad headache and daughter off sick. feel so guilty ringing work 
aahhhhh i hate this feeling 
Another week done. Feeling like I wanna go out and get smashed but too poor 
feels like i'm in a braiding funk. 
feels bad that my step dad lost his job  and hoping it rains all night - i really dont feel like sitting in a chair watching brats!
feels an ear infection coming on 
ugh i'm stuck in a rut and feel useless... 
earthquake in wny?....i wish i would a felt it 
feels a lil lonely 
Just updated my resume. I sort of feel like I'm cheating on my company for what I'm thinking about doing with it. I feel dirty 
I wish I felt like talking to ppl. This is not a nice feeling 
@naomilaine I'm very unmotivated about life currently. Feeling beat up and gross 
A little sad  pretty bad news and feel too much insecure about my playing.
I don't like this feeling 
feels left out of the tweeting wars 
@mattdowding @arttherapy2heal sure you asked her why... But did you even contemplate how the poor wall feels? 
I have the worst headache I've ever had. Feeling sick and going to bed. 
feels sick  brush was well good tho
is out for Caits birthday! Though she kinda feels really sick 
&amp; the feeling is back 
I am disgustingly full. I hate this feeling! 
My moonstone pendant fell off today, somewhere in town probably... Feeling a bit sad about this, as it had sentimental value. 
feels siick. going to lie down 
I dont feel good guys   my side hurts
feels like krispy kreme  they should open up a branch in perth!!!
@PSLifeStyle Can you do a similar one at a time Europeans are on. Feeling little left out 
it's a bad feeling when you can not or do not know how to deal with the situation ..  
Almost midday &amp; have done nothing. Feeling sorry for myself today  Even the choccy bar I had for breakfast didn't help
Ugh I've been up since 5. Feeling horrible 
feels like shit  x
At work early this morning...... Feeling the sunburn really bad now! ahhhh it hurts!!! 
feels utterly hurrend..gas chambers are LEATHAL 
just got up.. feels like crapppp 
Today feels weird without fellowship...  #fb
Really bad but I'm lying in bed feeling tired ... too tired to even take clothes off 
feels really sick 
feels like his hard efforts are never noticed! 
feels REALLY ill 
Bad news, sad day. Feeling depressed. 
@QueenofScots67 I don't think there is one - feels like they're just winding me up cos they know I haven't got any 
feels bad about you  http://plurk.com/p/ywvau
My face feels like it is going to explode - stupid sinus crap. 
I have something to say that I can't fit into 140 characters  Feeling twitter-oppressed.
@Gawge most of my clan plays it, so I'l feel left out haha 
Oh man. Feeling super dizzy. Everything keeps spinning! 
so tired and feels like shit... 
@JessicaNorin noo  It's the worst feeling E V E R! and the feeling when you know that you'll never going to meet him with the big H either
@JessicaNorin I don't know how to handle the feeling  ... you feel so helpless ;o
Sitting in bed. Feeling emotionaly and physicaly crappy. I feel like crying 
Soho was weirdly busy, came home to ice cream instead.  Feeling very lonely... 
And i hate that horrible feeling after 
I really miss you i feel like crying  its a weird feeling
@therealTiffany Awwww...I hope your tummy feels better soon 
Doesn't understand this feeling 
feels not good  kyknya bakal telat deeh gue, (tears) http://plurk.com/p/yz0h6
@keutekrystal oh no that sucks I know how that feels 
@sandreamer indeed it is. not a very nice feeling either 
@patsdesignjewel Aww... I understand how that feels. 
@officialTila i could use some love. Feeling a bit down right now 
I hate this feeling. 
up at 6 again. i've forgotten what a lie in feels like 
feels so sad that almost all her friends are out.  http://plurk.com/p/z0k82
Is awake and feels horrible 
Wishing I'd not had the chocolately Horlicks before going to bed. Feeling all diabetic today.  
sad in bed feeling realy ill but can't sleep 
i dont feels good 
feels hella overworked by disney 
My tummy feels icky and I didn't even drink tonight 
Sometimes I really wish I had a best friend here :/ Why do they live in different parts of the state or world? Feeling a little lonely 
feels sorry for malfunctioning @WenPink's lappie..  http://plurk.com/p/z1x4r
feels really down 
My throat feels like i'm swallowing razor blades. I dont feel so good... 
@TwiExaminer happy b-day then! xD Feeling tired 
last of my flatmates just left, empty flat now  just like when i first got here. this feels so strange!
feels strange not talking with him  http://plurk.com/p/z44k2
Only 3 of us in this big bungalow...feels empty 
@espinoza11 i know, its  not a pleasant feeling... 
feels quite sick. Probably all the excitement of connecting stuff which then worked  Not good.
@trvsbrkr i hope the lil one feels better 
bad feeling, not good 
I have a strong feeling that i'm going to fail ALL my GCSEs 
Wants this feeling to go away.  
feels a bit dejected and is worried slightly 
@cmvikner  feel better (i had to look it up, but i'm glad i did - seems like something i should know about)
hating this poxy weather. Feeling like I have cold 
Has a cold and feels like shit 
feels like kelly clarkson.  not a good look 
Up from nap time getting ready for high school student church. Feeling a little blah 
feels really down all of a sudden 
@ShiGirl2224 Feeling any better? I finally am, headache today... 
feels empty now the apprentice is over 
Feels like a act scratched the back of my throat  I hope this feeling goes away soon.
waiting for gas to be pumped. wallet's feeling lighter already... 
is up and feels like going back to bed... aaaahhhh 
i hope everyone feels privileged now  (sorry, outburst echoing @pobrecita 's similar sentiments.)
laying in bed feeling like poop  n97 soon though 
feels useless! itching to live. 
I hate this feeling. I want my teddy bear. 
i really hope @yomikaa feels better 
feels let down... not a new feeling im sad to admit 
In a really crappy mood for some unknown reason. Feeling kinda homesick too 
@HiToYou morning........I know the 'monday feeling' too 
I'm cold and wet  is this what being born feels like?
feels confuse with our status :-o  http://plurk.com/p/1114hj
@LOLauren not as bad as joe though! Feeling sick again now 
@AmyVampRadio  I know how that feels
@feicho it's insured. But the feeling sure sucks...  
In bed with a cold - feeling very miserable 
not having to do revision feels kinda unnatural now 
Feeling stress - feels like so much need to do and not being done. 
feels so down.  http://plurk.com/p/113114
feels empty bout my relationship  http://plurk.com/p/1145ax
feels disappointed  http://plurk.com/p/114eif
Watching P.S I love you ! Feeling that lump in my throat fight back the tears !  gawd it's sad 
didn't sleep well at all  Feeling a little overly exhausted today!
@deanschick yeah, I know how that feels. It's been happening to me lately 
Definitely the lowest point of my life. Physically restrained and under constant supervision so I don't scratch my face. Lots of tears. 
@shira467 aw, i know how that feels. it sucks. (has happened before in my slow cooker.) 
Couldn't sleep last night.  Feeling really lonely at home.  
Finding myself to be xtra moody and dramatic today. Feeling like &quot;im solo when I roam im better off alone&quot; today 
i have a bad feeling 
@nathstokes know how your feeling dude 
feels underestimated 
@rhandilynn I don't know you, but i know how that feels 
I have a bad feeling about tomorrows regents cause now I have no study partner so I know I'm not gunna be focused 
@ahnoosh waahh. That is an icky feeling. 
sometimes the thoughts of the bad things that have happened come back into my head. Feeling guilty but knowing it's not my fault. 
Those who have had shows cancelled, how long b4 this horrible feeling goes away?? 
feels awful for being so judgmental. And i'm sick. 
Something bout twitter doesnt feel rite 
feels crappy cause no matter what he does it just doesnt feel right  going to bed early life sucks
@soundtechsrule I am awake and need to talk to a person who shares the same feels as I do! And I don't know...  I miss him!!
feels worse than earlier! 
@beenut85 The feeling is mutual! And I don't think that text is coming. 
feels like sh*t! 
Sitting in bed feeling stupidly awake  i hate moments like these
Just up, Feeling illl 
feels restless 
feels tired because of hunger...  http://plurk.com/p/11baq1
My shoulder aches and feels like it needs to pop or something. I can't get rid of it. 
Wonders what his calling in life is. Feeling like i will never make a mark in life, just going to work and exsist. 
How to balance time for creation and communication? Feeling mutually exclusive today 
my singaw feels worse 
So the last few days sucked. Last night's events were the icing on that cake. Feeling rather alone now. 
feels ineffective 
loves it when your here but hates the feeling i have when your not! 
feels bad 'bout d interview. hush!! disgusting.  http://plurk.com/p/11ctv9
Should probably start thinking about starting to prepare to get ready... Feeling a bit rubbish though, which is a shame. 
 have a really bad feeling
My pelvis feels like its being torn in two. 10 more days of this. 
yawns.. dont feel like working tml... BUT I CAN'T! 
feels lonley 
my relationship is over, what a horrible feeling  working out at 630 ... maybe i'll feel better then.
Not motivated at all - feel very, very tired  i know cos my legs are irratible and i can't stop moving them
somehow feels that this is all my fault and i am so so so sorry if it is 
doens't feel well. hopefully bbl. i miss you steph  rest in peace &lt;3
Now I remember why I don't drink scotch.  Feeling the burn right now.
In the waiting room at the dr office.... Feeling so shitty. 
Man, I'm really tired and no hubs back-up yet. Feeling sorry for myself.  I don't know how single parents do it.
Who am I kidding I'm affraid to lose after all that I already lost. Feeling fights with reason, all I have are questions, not answers 
@whynava holy shit!! I'm definitely sorry, I know how that feels! 
feels lonely. i miss him.  http://plurk.com/p/11gn2v
feels that my antibody decreases  http://plurk.com/p/11go3d
feeling very sick all of a sudden and i'm alone... i hate this feeling. phobia actually. i hate throwing up 
nothing going right for me!  Feeling a little depressed; might stray from my diet. :/
feels like she has sandpaper eyelids and has to wash her clothes 
feels sick off that cough &amp; cold medicine  but this damn cough is annoying!
alone in bed, Feeling really fat  need to get fit!
@genmcgov  nooo its feeling worse 
feels down again  http://plurk.com/p/11iaog
threw up. stomach feels like its ripping itself apart. hopefully sleep will help. 
I kinda feel like my kidney stones are back 
feels not wanted 
feels like poopy shitttttt!!! not good 
i feel like its all my fault  what an awful feeling.
Never been to a zoo.  Feeling sad about that today. 
no rain for past 2 days   and am almost dying to finish a report, 2 months after the deadline.. Feeling like hell.. i hate writing reports
@iviva YAY about the 'treat'! I need cheering up, my two best mates have fallen out  Feeling quite caught in the middle now...
Not very happy, feeling caught in the middle, they're still arguing 
Really busy, feeling lousy 
feels like a real suburbanite right now and it doesn't make me feel too happy 
frustrated arghh hate this feeling 
is really board and wants to go out 2moro nite but hasnt asked the rents..i hate this feeling! 
Why can't i just be happy for once? I hate this feeling. 
I was definitely overprepared and overdominant in that last class  The spontaneity of having to think on your feet feels somehow healthier
@gfalcone601 yeah i had exactly the same feeling! been so busy that i didnt realise it was that late! 
feels absoloutly awful 
Ugh. Feeling so sick 
@articehazel nothn much...bout to go lay it down 4 a min i dont feel good 
@robinleung looks bad, feels weird, never doing it again. Only wearing them cuz I had an eye infection yesterday 
feels like shit 
Bad feeling in my gut 
has finally sat down! even bigger sigh!!  feeling low.........
feels bad for little jedi kids that get killed 
feels sad... I think I'm not ready yet  http://plurk.com/p/11qaeq
Of course I had to be sick yesterday  Feeling A LOT better tho!
feels completly blindsided 
feels like ship..that's right...ship, that's how shitty I feel  #squarespace
@teemwilliams ohhh..i guess i was l8 with d hymn den...  feel bad
@mlbarnes2009  I just took some tylenol, hope your head feels better!
is ready to get this grant submitted!!! Feeling a little overwhelmed now 
Goingggg crazyyyy..........I hate this feeling 
feels like she got hit by a truck 
small group finally split. feeling nostalgic about 
Almost passed out! That was not a good feeling 
Morning. Feeling green around the gills this morning 
feels a tad hungover. but really doesnt want to work 11.30-8.30 
@dennisruyer damn to bad, I know how your feeling now. 
I'm laying in bed with a really uneasy feeling... I hope I'm wrong with what I'm thinking 
I've woke up up feeling homesick today  Feeling a bit sad
@sacajaweea *feels sorry for self* lol 
feels like the paint  is still wet  
My prediction was correct...Feeling pretty awefull right now 
feels very happy :-D and very sad  cemburuuu (annoyed) http://plurk.com/p/11w5oz
feels incredibly nauseous 
feels like a failure 
feels like its friday. but its not 
having a bad feeling 
Waking up! Feeling sick 
Dammit dammit dammit. Tdy started off soooooo well.  Now its like shit. Feeling crapppy, needs hugs.
feels like crying... why this sudden sadness?  
feels so empty without you around. 
back from my run feel sad cuZ gypsy Is getting really old on me 
is freaking tired.feels like im losing my legs 
@paulbeattie its good but I wish I went for the metal one as the plastic feels cheap 
mummy feels like crap 
Not enjoying having a cold, especially when I can't take anything  Feeling pathetic...
@arubang I know exactly how that feels 
is unsure what to do but feels so forgotten 
wishes I felt better today. Financially, things are looking better. Physically, feeling kinda icky 
feels like a little rat 
is bored and feels really bad... 
There, I tweeted... feels dirty. 
why is it always the really bizarre, somewhat depressing dreams that feel so real after you wake up?  
feels a little low on enthusiasm for camp.  http://plurk.com/p/121cgk
How's this for irony ... the person who had to fire me at my last job got fired. Feeling pretty bad for my former coworkers 
feels replaced  dear green eyed monster, please leave me alone!
Ever felt like you were all alone? It's a horrible feeling 
@katielynnfarris I know! I get the horrible feeling we'll never see him again 
feels like shit  imy.
who waan come condition my locs? I dun feel so hot. 
@sweetkisses0530  I got that same feeling when I watched it at first. It was aggravating  and I was mad because they go by so quick 
I have to go to bed  I have this horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach and I don't know why. I hate this feeling 
Feels like i got punched in the gut  i hate u cupied!!!
Doesn't feel too good  feeling a little sad
in bed... feels like I'm dying from this flu. 
All of a sudden feeling unwell and tired.I think lastnight was too much of a big 1,hope i didnt pick up any1s germs 
My bed feels lonley  http://twitpic.com/7s69y
Tired, oh so tired, after a whole night of tummyache... Feeling better now though, and want to eat. 17 hours with all pain and no food. 
feels practically dead :| sooo rough!!! 
feels sad and could do without the drama 
Ugh. Feeling not well. Why do I feel fine on the way to work and then bad at work after its too late to call in sick? 
Has a bad feeling and I don't like it 
I thought it was &lt;3. I didn't misinterpret your feeling, I was wrong about mine. *Ouch  http://myloc.me/4qCf
feels like a complete idiot. 
feels like throwing up. 
feels really poorly, 
I hate this feeling... 
not feeling good... feel a cold coming on or something 
feels sick from eating chocolate 
Thinks your sweet but i stil feel ill,  x x
feels ill  and still doesnt know what she's wearing laterr badtimes
feel a tad deceived  ... might just go out tonight then seeing as you already made other plans 
I'm so tired! I feel out of breath. I donr like this feeling  booooo!
Just back from Zante. Feeling depressed today, missing the sunshine &amp; cocktails 
Heading back to reality  feel better pops!!!
Isn't cheryl cole the prettiest woman ! Feeling jelous 
why it hurts so much ?  i hhate this feeling inside 
Trying to figure out my purpose....Feeling a bit down today   
Over 2 hours on the phone talking to some of my students' parents. Feeling so very tired now 
@Kishiyaya @lovehound @StewartWade @loganX2 @thehivemind @lejunkdrawer Damnit is it doodle time again?! Feeling quizzy already!!! 
feels like crap. inaperfectworld headaches wouldn't exist 
feels bummed out again 
I have been pushing it way too hard.  Feeling like junk and just needs a cuddle buddy 
feels dissapointed   http://plurk.com/p/12d3xs
@EllabellCullen3 i know how that feels.  love yah.
i hate this feeling.    
i hate this feeling. 
feels icky icky. i miss cess, too 
and oh, mum and I are having a terrible stomachache. both are heading to sleep. my pinggang feels like want to putus. very painful lor! 
@nicasparkle not oreo.. H1N1 will be there.. i have a bad feeling.. 
feels like stranger in they life......  http://plurk.com/p/12dnvg
is going sailing today! But I want to sleeeeep. Feeling so drained of energy lately. 
UGH ! Feeling sick 
feels left out of the goodnight group 
My tongue feels funny 
is pissed off and feels shit....not in the mood at alllll 
feels like such a sucker sometimes 
feels ill and is therefore miserable 
feels like a tropical crush from boost juice 
I hate this feeling right now 
feels shitty 
Isnt feeling well 
feels really sad and needs comfort food  http://plurk.com/p/12f1dy
feels anxiety in the brains.. and extra out of place for that matter. 
god me chest feels bad today feel like if a little elphant has sat on it can no breath prople 
feels worthless 
@pennynash @jodiekearns the deep joys of parenthood; don't want to be a nag but feel that he shouldn't have seen it 
I feel baaaad ... a bad feeling that it is my pleasuree! I didd soomething wrong, waaaas i? 
feels so deprived. i can't eat anything that would trigger my dry cough. 
@ddlovato I totally know how that feels 
i really need to start skydiving again. i miss myself, and i dont feel like myself when i'm not a skydiver 
feels so mean 
feels good to just relaxxx. but i got a headachee 
@Gothicwiccan16 ahhh could be better .. Feeling really sick ..  how r u Hun?
@TheMandyMoore feeling the overcast blues 
feels sad even though she really really REALLY shouldn't be 
feels horrible; so tired of coughing 
feels ill  going to bed! hopefully vicks will help me as i sleeeep!
@ddlovato  i know how that feels
is not sure if she got to sleep at all. I hate this feeling! 
feels very lonely tonight and is going to try to sleep. Not liking my chances 
feels like shit, and it's lame. 
oh...wait for it..here it comes..yes. there she is. i thought the feeling was temporary but that's just wishful thinking. 
Just passed a kidney stone camping. Feeling feverish and stuck in a rain storm. 
I tried too stop, but it was too late, not a good feeling that I have right now 
@megbert i'm sorry...that is not a good feeling 
well in a pensive mood want to get out of this virtually a jail with 10 cameras always watching feels 
Just looked at the top 4 some strange reason...moved dwn further on the list. Not 2 happy about that...Feeling like ummm now... 
feels really really really really really really crappy 
I hate this feeling 
hate having cramps. it's a wretched feeling! owww 
feels like shit. needs a hug 
Still no keys... About to eat a tartiflette for comfort and warmth. Feeling homeless. 
@Asmekla Feeling your pain baby - mine won't let me either  We should get together and play shop ;) x
is home. But feels quite sad atm 
feels sick.  I know it's not interesting but it's all I got.
feels sorry to gianty and kianty  :'( (tears) http://plurk.com/p/12o90d
ohh why is this horrible feeling not going away 
's head feels like exploding. I shouldn't be sick 
My bed feels to good to get up 
i have an unsettling feeling in my gut - it's actually scaring me! 
feels rely ill 
Just got up .... Feeling as tired than usual 
feels lonely  http://plurk.com/p/12qfem
feels like a dislocated shoulder 
off to work! have a long day ahead of me. Feeling blu 
feels like going to charles and keith wisma atria and stares at the cute helper 
feels really sick and is in bed listening to @fightlikeapes 
I hate when u didn't drink but u feel like u had like 20 shots of patron...don't know if its the lack of sleep or my frustration 
ILoveYouToooooo  Feeling ill 
feels sick  really, not well 
  I hope my bebe feels better
@libbyhenderson Haven't had lunch yet. Feeling a little sick. 
feels a little sad  and i'm not telling why... http://plurk.com/p/1324st
@djagrinio 1 of those looks good rite about now &amp; crave it netime I see 1 but feel bloated if I do have 1 
My brain feels like its running out of heap space. 
feels the need to do more with her lyfe....but how??  
@duffysayshello I kinda feel bad for making light of their situation. Why wouldn't they just cancel the show to work on their marriage? 
stomach feels shitty. feeling kind of homesick  but maybe it's just because I'm tired.
Up since 4am. Feeling sick and alone. But the day goes on. 
My bed feels so empty without a second blanket on it  rofl
well I got what I needed to do done, now my procrastination feels forced 
feels really sick. 
9am and my head feels like it's going to explode. 
Grosss. Feeling sick  around the house
@lkvnyc ouchie!!  i know how that feels 
this feeling wont go away... 
@mac_feisty Doesn't feel like gassiness, just feel fat 
feel the sorrow feel the pain knowing that i am to blame for leaving your heart out in the rain  this song gets me everytime lol
@CeleBritney aww so u feel my pain huh  I mean I came back up but it's all dunks &amp; forces now &amp; some 1s
@sineadkeogh I have the same feeling, except I live alone 
G'night twitterverse. Feeling very sorry for myself. 
Eating mangoes at late night seems a bad IDEA. Feeling uncomfortable 
Getting that anxious feeling 
I feel panicy and i have the shakes  i dont feel to good...
man, @liloshawntell hurts my feeling.she knwo i be having her back....  
feels a little lonely in here (plurk)...  http://plurk.com/p/13fo2a
@sanguine007 i have never gotten one  now i dont feel loved awwwww
@kyletamo that's not a good feeling to have 
@adrijohnson what, you're sick? I got chills and feel a little warm.  boo 
feels bad for leaving should have stayed to help 
feels sick but has to go to work  mama 
feels uninspired with the latest fashion 
feels so damn unpretty   i can't believe i'm trippin
These bands are still hurting  feels like my gums are swollen from them
the clock is jumping, and the feeling shucks 
Wishing I could stay home today. Feeling yucky today. 
I have a bad feeling 
feels very dis-respected 
feels like it should be friday already....and I'm getting a cold 
just back from having my mole checked at hosp. It's not good. It's a melanoma         Feeling bit scared right now.
feels very tired after went to mayestik with my mom 
feels rejected that @TheAbductee has hugged everybody else  
wonders if this feeling is chicken pox.... all over again  NOOOOOOOO.... !!!
feels very down rn 
feels like complete p0o -  - going too the doctors soon.... can't take it anymore...
feels guilty for lying.  this is y i dont lie.
@feylya Aww that's sweet, but I'm afraid the feeling is not mutual... 
My tummy feels so wonky today 
feels so shit! 
feels ill from eating too much pizza and drinking too much orange juice 
Bleurgh...feeling rough 
Lemeeeeees  I hate this feeling.  http://myloc.me/5BrP
Just relaxing... Feeling a little sick!.... 
 just got woken up by a wrong number. Should have put my phone on silent. I stayed home sick today. Feeling a little better but not great~
is working and its feels super hot inside for some reason 
it's 93 degrees out but feels like 115 
i have a realllllyyy bad feeling about this vacation. 
A strange day, where all I did in office is to pitch my stuff to people!! Feeling drained now.. 
A strange day, where all I did in office is to pitch my stuff to people!! Feeling completely exhausted.. 
I had a feeling she was fighting a losing battle  http://tinyurl.com/lmvn9s
@makemineamac feels great  thankyou 
@LFTA &quot;This morning I woke up...Feeling brand new I...I jumped up. Feeling my higgggh n my looow n my sooooul n my clothes...&quot; 
@DanielThe1st Then I`m right behind you, my man. Feeling good is the first and foremost priority!!! Bravo! 
feels a-freaking-mazing.  
@AlexAllTimeLow http://twitpic.com/3hwha - I saw you etching on the side and I had a feeling you were twittering 
more stock images approved on keyimagery.com, that's quick taken yesterday, edited and for sale my the morning. Feeling very pleased 
I think I just caught up on about 2 years worth of sleep! Feeling fresh 
Finally got to sleep at 5 am. Feeling bloody tired and defeated, but Scapey was a really nice wake up call. 
@WIBNetworking I had a feeling you did - lol 
10.4 km.. dripping sweat... feels great!! thankful for the recumbant bike 
Inking going pretty well. Feeling much better about the strip than I did last night 
@Deltavogue It did lovey! Feeling better. I've pretty much slept this weekend. I guess my body is running the show. 
@luckydoc isn't that fascinating? when we have choice, feels overwhelming. when no choice, feasible. good for you! 
I'm up in the middle of the night, as usual; typing out my first twitter update. Feeling like I'm joining the world at large.  
finally sleeping - feels nice to be in my bed. 
It's now 16 days since I gave up smoking. Feeling much healthier. I've found it easy and can't see myself ever being a smoker again 
I got so much done this weekend! Feeling accomplished for a change. 
@PalinGirl  Feeling musical? 
@Stuartcfoster Yay! Feeling's mutual 
off to bed, i know i'm on your mind, i like this feeling 
@doctorhuge  its a nice feeling!
I implore you all to get a good nights seep when you can, one feels so much better for it 
@jjarrel1 not being scholarly is a great feeling...trust me you won't miss it! 
@JackAllTimeLow just so you know-id feel you up...i happen to be sorta a lush tonight too!  yay
@Jordanknight Feeling a little sad that I didn't win. I guess I still love you anyways 
@blindcripple it makes us feel attractive. yes, our partners love us, but we like to feel sexy and desired  flirting makes u feel that
Going in to take care of bidness in lab before play. Feeling very virtuous 
8 miles @ 8:45 pace plus a 1-mile cool down. Feeling good this morning! 
@kopka you're right! If you're writing a spy thriller soon feel free to use 
Morning! Feeling better today, sun is shining and that's great 
In heaven. At the nail shop getting a mani and pedi. Feeling much much better today! 
feels elated to have finished one final  http://plurk.com/p/rm9ca
I upload two videos! Feeling so proud! LOL 
has found that old familiar feeling again. 
@jords_ good morning - you're up early! Feeling enthused to design your life?  thanks to manics for that phrase 
feels sickly. i need a personal assistant to keep fast food away from me! any takers? 
is liking this feeling 
@Jenehhh Feeling inspired this evening, huh? 
feels like warm things 
Amazing what a good night's sleep will do! Feeling like a new man.  
Headed back to ATL.... Feeling beat after a weekend of fun 
@sarahjpin Congrats on the mac. Feeling a little envious here. 
High school pics: awwww. the old times. Feeling nostalgic as of the moment. 
thinks She's not the only one who feels confused to choose the major in the faculty  http://plurk.com/p/ts7pb
feels carbonated.. like that's just how excited I am. Maycation, maycation, maycation! 
feels pretty nice up here on cloud 9. 
@MimiNow that's always a nice feeling 
feels good to sing again 
when you know you have almost nothing in common with someone but you feel comfort and secure, what is that mean? feels like a soulmate? 
@katebell25 glad your feeling better  *high 5*
love this feeling. Haha boys aren't THAT stupid 
just finished biking! that felt so good! 
I have a good feeling! We are close...very close 
iPoding it...playing nothing but slow jams...its giving me a feel good groove 
And working out was fabulous. Feeling much better 
@oceanup haha i know hoe that feels! cool, well I'm glad it's all sorted  must've been crazy!
wahsed and brushed and producted my hair. feels and smells so good 
Heading off to work..feels great to say that 
@aprilyim LOL. I know how that feels exactly 
Freshmen Orientation, done. This day was a blast! Feeling excited on my first day! Yaay! 
@tomdotcom_uk it was just a conversation that sparked up earlier, and i was quite curious as to the general feeling about them 
Is bedded and ready for work tomorrow  Feeling positive!
Just reading about opportunities to walk with a llama - and feel calmer  http://www.getactivewithanimals.com/walkwithllamas.html
Morning off to a great start!  Feeling refreshed and relaxed today, and it looks like we're in for some beautiful weather this week! 
feels good now that the kitchen is cleaned thoroughly 
@aianna21 I can understand that.  But it's good to be rational about it.  And it'll eventually settle into a less obsessive feeling.  
It was a good sleep. Feeling better and ankle seems to improve slightly(didn't got worse). Sunny day off. I'll try to enjoy 
: feels happy with the outcome..and it gets better! 
back from a sick day- still havent shaken the bug though! Feeling better just getting into my routine 
Going around with only one contact in feels very, very disorientating. 
@SnowgooseSA aaaaah. Feeling all warm and fuzzy now 
Fiiting back into my clothes feels great 
@ZaphodCamden Feeling fine  Contemplating my extremely well developed puzzle solving capabilities, how to use them for good, not evil!
@Dojie it was just had them cleaned feels weird but cleaner  when is your appt?
is laying in bed and feels reallllyyy warm 
http://twitpic.com/5os8m - That feels better somehow. 
@DeFries A great feeling isn't it 
@sarahweissman That's a wonderful feeling to wake up with! 
That movie was crazy!  Feeling caught up after the lengthy phone talks tonight.  I have good people in my life 
@angela_md feels good, all shiny and new 
has her second interview tomorrow. Feeling confident 
Training great. feeling good, feeling good! soon to start P90X and whew that will be like boot camp 
Who feels good?......I DO 
@sophiestication looks like 5 mice to me 
Ahhh I love making ppl laugh its a wonderful feeling. 
@hierennu Initial annoyance (psychological). What is &quot;narcissistic pain&quot;? Feeling that my mouth is &quot;cosmetically challenged&quot;? 
