Most common words for this cluster:
[('feet', 508), ('foot', 246), ('hurt', 151), ('pounds', 31), ('shoes', 30), ('lbs', 21), ('heels', 21), ('lol', 20), ('blisters', 19), ('work', 16), ('hurts', 13), ('inches', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'feet', 0.8989359736442566), (u'foot', 0.7911332845687866), (u'6feet', 0.6341117024421692), (u'RICHLAND_CHAMBERS_RC', 0.6302449703216553), (u'inches', 0.6290484666824341), (u'feet_tall', 0.6195515990257263), (u'##S_##W_TD', 0.6144796013832092), (u'ft', 0.5971837043762207), (u'3c_x', 0.5851648449897766), (u'5feet', 0.5823783874511719)]





@LizChavez I can't set my feet on the ground. The missing eyelid people might get me!  
just leavin work, my feet hurt 
@hippychick3 clarkes shoes don't fir her - they don't go small enough for her feet - we have to go to specialist shoe shops 
I'm pretty sure my shoes have melted onto my feet.  
Ugh where tje glass was pulled out of my foot still hurts. 
@MellyG14 its not like i cut myself on purpose. I wish my feet fit into a pair of sexy designer shoes, size 11 is a hard fit 
my blisters!!!!!!!  got like 5 on both feet omgggg
Running on the tredmill was unsuccessful - I somehow hurt my foot 
@SineadGrainger lanna no happy  lanna got huge feet but wants the purple shoesssss
probably just broke her foot. 
my feet hurt!!!!!!  
38.4 miles in 2:40. 14.4 avg. I am out shape 
As much as I love birkenstocks, these sandals I'm wearing are KILLING me... I need to soak my feet tonight... 
just watched seven pounds... cried soooooo much 
seven pounds is too sad for me 
i have really crusty feet, ah awoken yet again by loud drunks and its not even summer love the shore 
Still off my feet...may have a hernia...more tests scheduled...would rather be designing new dolls and patterns 
My feet hurt 
@almostsurprised my feet hurt too 
@hRtBeeP boiling water is not fun. Especially not on the foot 
My feet are hurting 
guess sometimes like this remind me that i've got to keep my feet on the ground 
If I said my feet were sore it would be an understatement   #aacr
Yesterday I dropped a heavy glass cover on my foot. The swelling still hasn't gone down. 
My feet hurt 
new shoes hurt my feet something fierce. 
Ugh, I hate when my feet doesn't reach the floor when I sit at the back of the bus 
just walked like 10ft, not even, and i'm soaked! 
my feet hurt 
i dropped my fork and it hit my foot. its bleeding 
My feet are about to explode. Or at the very least split. 
My feet are cold 
I have pins and needles in my right foot 
my feet hurt 
Most upset by the ending of S1 ep 11 Heroes  *stamps foot*
my feet are ouchy 
@caiab dude it's gross. like, who does that? so i'm sweating &amp; my feet are sticking to a random person's shoes i jacked.   -_-
arrrgh, pins and needles in my foot 
Uuuugh.. The feet... They huuurt 
my feet are still sore from ice skating 
my feet r cold 
Just took a five mile run.  I thought my hurt foot was an excuse I made up so I wouldn't have to run today.  I was wrong. 
pebbles is sleeping at the foot of my bed which gives me very little leg room to work with 
Bout to play gears of war on 20 inches 
I really want that oxford shoes in nine west, too bad I they don't have my size.....  I blame my feet.......
went shopping with mom... 11 am - 4 30 pm... my feet, my poor poor feet... 
my foot is really hurting!! it aches so bad   
i burnt my foot with the straightener. 
@pinksugacupcake I'm short myself...same problem..and my feet are tiny so it's hard to find shoes too  
Last night was fun...my feet hurt 
my feet hurt cause I stood in nettles last night...twice 
@careblair8 duh!!  and lollerscoots @ your foot 
@waysideviolet How is your foot? 
My feet is cold, my toes is cold, my nose is cold.. 
Ugh my feet hurt. 
@DrewTse I get them in the middle of the night right in the arch of my foot 
@LuvUrZZZs Owwwww!!!  ps. rubber band your bag for your foot- it keeps the water out.
just watched 7 pounds...so sad 
I have a cut on my foot and it hurts really bad 
my feet are ruined  damn you nice shoes
I am totally envious of tayane's height.. 
I am totally envious of tayane's height.. 
I am totally envious of tayane's height.. 
my feet hurt 
My feet StiLl HuRt 
Omggg I'm sooo nasty to my feet... There killing now  owchiee
I cut my foot really bad!! 
hurt my foot at work  now its swollen
my feet hurt from trying to break in my new pair of keds 
in bed, n my foot is asleep 
Alcohol has warn off..my foot is majorly effed up.. 
My feet hurt 
but can't stand up anymore..(..foot harmed 
my epenis is 11.5 cm 
my feet feel like they are going to fall off 
must... lose... 10 lbs .... 
I think I bruised my feet--both of them--on the side of the heels.  Not sure what talented stunt I did to manage that... 
feet hurt!!   had to nap on the couch before. which is odd because i'm 18, not 60...
My feet hurt soo bad....I miss vegas 
I have wounded feet. 
I just lost my sewing needle and then found it with my foot. 
The dogs are barkin'... It must be psycological cause as soon as I leave the reception my feet feel like my bones are popping out of skin 
I feel lightweight relaxed, but my feet hurt  I still smell like chlorine and need to shower.
Oh and tell me why I busted my ass in front of malaya?!?!?I hurt my foot badddd!!! 
i just realized that I am not getting any taller. 
What was with that white dog sitting near her feet then haha it looked dead. 
I have a Varruka! I have to have horrible foot treatment now 
I'm going to take a shower and that is not so fun with 6 blisters on my feet I think 
My feet are falling apart. 
@Truckdrivernews sorry to hear about your foot I understand have 2 bad ankles took the xpress rte from top of trailer 13'6 hit concrete 
just arrived from the mall... my feet hurt. 
@redcomet81 my feet hurt.     I need a massage. And now I am going back to stand some more. sigh... I work in a cafe at the stadium.
My feet hurts  How do people walk in high heels all day? It nearly kills my feet &quot;/
my feet hurts 
My feet hurt 
I'm finally home, and I am beyond exhausted! I just wanna lay down and fall asleep anywhere. Lol. And I want a foot massage! 
@MilkGal there is an ending when 3ft under .. 
the scale still hasnt moved  I soooooooo not happy about that!!!!  I'll have @michelleatc measure my leg, see if any inches are gone.
tried boxing with sneakers. ended up having blisters on my feet. ouch 
I weight 182lbs!!! Why??? 
My feet hurt!!!! 
I just stubbed my toe... It hurts almost as much as my permabroken feet. 
@ThinMint7050 I been dragging my feet on it cause I don't want folks to see how fat I am... 
@DustinJMcClure  What happened to your foot? 
@special_noodles :'-( but but...ok  *stares at feet*
My legs hurt. I have been on my feet to long!!! 
@ZomberellaMcFox  and I've just stood in glass and some is stuck in mt foot ;_;
ugh...my feet hurt... 
@RAndyVee bad news - I've done rusty nails in both feet, only about a month apart. Couldn't walk for aaaaages after one of them 
My feet are hurting now... I miss my baby 
is back, my feet are killing me!! 
I also need to get my feet used to high heels instead of flip flops 
130mph till we hit traffic  http://twitgoo.com/7aiu
My feet hurt 
Watching 7 pounds 
i need a gentleman thatll sweep me off my feet...and then NOT leave me hangin after. smh, so disappointed 
uugghh my feet hurt!! 
my foot itches. 
damn i got pins and needles in my foot 
tap shoes make my feet hurt 
My feet are killing me and this is only the beginning 
I just watched 7 pounds, maaaannnnnnnnn! 
got such sore feet 
i got a bruise on my foot out if nowhere!  it hurts!
oh...my foot's hurting now. About 5 minutes after I took it out though. 
my shoes hurt my feet 
i need new running shoes!! my feet are completely torn up 
my feet are cold.....i hate when my feet get cold 
@INKDMOM I know, right?!? I have such a lead foot 
how do I gain weight?! I lost 20 pounds and I want it back..  I'm only 108 and I'm 23 yrs old at 5'7. Not healthy.
Oh my god...my favorite havaianas just broke after three years or service  they will be missed. and they were molded perfectly to my feet
@contentwhore  lure her in with a foot massage!
back garden times. my feet hurt 
homeee! my feet are sore 
My jeans that were once two inches too long are now about five inches too long. Holy cow, am I getting shorter?!? 
My foot still hurts from stepping on a spider...owwwwww 
Just banged my bloody foot! ow 
but now my feet really hurt... 
my feet hurt 
has hurt feet 
Ugh. My feet feel like they're going to fall off. 
@iamalejandra I own maybe 15 pairs of shoes. If that many. I have super huge feet. 
@bowwow614 I would but I'm afraid I got two left feet 
Six feet under theme is on jjj 
A bird just pooped on my foot 
thinks i might of jacked my foot up a lil 
my feet hurt... can't even walk anymore 
my feet are so dry. like i imagine the skin of the moon would be. and i miss m 
My foot got cut when I was moving away from the door 
wishing I had bigger feet  http://bit.ly/O6kqs
I can't believe I'm stepping foot in awful Shoneys again   
@helgagrace If it makes you feel any better, I got a blister on the bottom of my foot...and the lines were long 
Today on the skytrain this kid sneezed and snot hit my foot. I was wearing flipflops gross 
Its uncomfortable when your foot is asleep 
Just burned my foot 
wicked blisters on the 4th toes of each foot causing me to waddle like a duck 
i worked my little feet off. now . assignments 
Trying to break my new shoes in, and my feet are bleeding... 
off to bed w/ an ice pack on my foot 
crushed my foot with a bucket of rocks 
In fiction...sitting down..my feet hurt! 
poor my feet 
I wore 4in heels tonight for seven hours and my feet are killing me 
 I accidentally slammed the door on one of my toes cause i thought my foot wasn't there. It did bleed but it's stopped now :/
my feet are killing! expensive but shit shoes!!!!! ughhhhhhhh 
well shoe shopping was a disahster   shop so crowded, assistants run off their feet.  shoes I wanted to try on, sorry modom, not in a 6 
@grimmers I'm more worried about your bare feet. What about glass on the pavement? 
just watched seven pounds  awww
stitches on my foot 
my feet are cramping 
is upset cos her feet are sunburnt from wearing sandles now she has a funny pattern on her feet  xxxxx
My foot feels like it has growing pains.  no foot I do not wish you too grow bigger -.-
my feet are still bleeeding 
@stonesimon yeah just sore feet  haha.
@RichelleMead I've been dragging my feet too 
i cut my foot it hurts like hell 
my little feet are so sore  i'm going to have to build up my sandal resistance again.
just got back from the ... 40yard dashes eventually pulling 345lbs while doing it ... 
I really hate having big feet, it can be very frustrating and expensive to find shoes without breaking the bank 
and took more pics of the bridge and this really big hill which we didnt go down we went down this man made stairs and now my feet hurt 
@PandaMayhem what do like and not like!!!  lol lol your guyysssssssss! ::stomping feet::
my feet are cold 
my feet hurt 
I need a foot massage! 
Seven pounds was so sad. 
Y'all I'm so tired. I really dislike standing for 8 hours straight  this is a job that should require, by law, a foot massage right a ...
i miss carlo  i keep thinking i hear his feet scraping along my deck. rip big guy
My feet hurt. 
Oof. My feet already hurt. I got wimpy about extended standing again. 
My feet are swollen. They are so huge and ugly 
have HUGE blisters on both my feet 
My feet hurt 
Flats for 13 hours straight equals smelly feet. And my feet never smell 
@hbgard yes! except for dougs stinky feet 
my foot 
tom made me miss the ocean so bad! i want to put my feet in the sand and watch the waves 
dead on my feet. gotta be up in 3 hours. damn tired. so drunk. not the best feeling in the world... 
Getting pulled over...mama's lead foot finally caught up with us 
my corn /feet are hurting! that's wat I get 4 wearing heels 
oucch I just wore my new dancing shoes to break them in &amp; my feet hurt! blisters 
gained 3 pounds 
My feet hurt. 
I think my feet would feel better if i was barefoot walking on the concrete instead of with my shoes 
2 am and my feet are rebeling against these 4 in heels 
@shammac not all over your pretty feet! 
dropped a chair on my foot...ouch! 
I have just had the worst nights sleep ever! And my feet are in agony 
Going to sleep, feet hurt very much 
@MarleyTheLemur I'm actually not that sore.. my feet hurt from all the walking and jumping tho 
has swollen feet 
I can no longer drive and right now am trying to get up the courage to walk 50 feet next door,    I think I may be getting worse 
62 miles (legs cramping, arches cramping, strong head wind) I wanna cry... 13 more miles 
my feet are cold 
got bit by an ant  and now my foot is swelling :'
got bit by an ant  and now my foot is swelling :'(
Evidently I am contuining to grow taller 
sandles cut my feet  and wrecked from rehearsals! now have to finish my essay!! bring on bed!
last.fm is down  *glares at foot*
my foot is stinging 
My feet are cold. 
ended up having to get two inches cut off and the blood center wasn't open. boo. 
tired. got blisters on my feet so i can't wear shoes.  bed now.
I have a blister on my foot.  It has not been a good day.
Ugh my feet hurt. 
having sunburnt feet sucks. 
oh bloody hell my feet!!! walking 6 miles then standing behnd a bar for 5 hrs in heels... not good 
trying to recover from the 4 mile hike she just went on  my feet hurt!
@karendee meeee too  he really does have gorgeous feet, lol
My feet hurt from standing/jumping/dancing.. my hands hurt like hell.. from clapping too much and too enthusiastic  it was worth it though
My feet are soooo cold 
my feet are in so much pain 
ow i got pins and needles in my foot 
just got done playing catch with dad... now my feet are cold. 
in so much pain.. really really hurt my foot 
The grass was really rough in connneticut, so now my feet got cuts on them  they really hurt.
i can feel my feet throbin!! 
my feet are cold 
My feet hurt so bad   I just want to get home...
I have a bruise on the ball of my foot  walking sucks.
 while shooting tonight, i was murdered by miskeetoes - but mainly on my feet! and because i am slightly... http://tumblr.com/xge1x2wtl
@dpburland this wasn't short-  she knows she messed up... came to me willingly- after a few a long runs- major up &amp; dwnhill- my feet hurt 
my feet r cold 
wow my feet are buggered. should not have run on them again then stayed up all night partying. fingers crossed they dont get infected 
some sweep me off my feet ;) i wish i lived in disneyland 
My feet will have their revenge on these beastie heels [but they're so damn hot   ] http://bit.ly/14qxqv
@UmAlawi I have a feeling you're probably not alone in ruining your feet from high heels. 
@charlotteliz they are cuts but I don't know anyone with a size 4 foot  I'm a 6!
My feet are cold. 
The bottom of my sweater is unzipped like 2 inches and the rest is zipped. I can't fix it! 
Sprinting down a rocky hill and having the ground move beneath your feet = lots of bruises 
my feet hurt  so uncomfortable!
My feet are sooooore now  damn sun. I'm never happy...
I bought new naughty monkey shoes and they make my feet hurt 
off to matthews maybe? pins and needles in my foot though 
my feet are dyed black and cover in blisters. 
doc sending me to x-ray for my dodgy feet, mentioned surgery....  and ive already heard feet surgery is painful.. 
@greenlaundry yeahh my feet freaking hurts 
I am really really tired of 40ft 
hihihi i had fun but my foot is still hurting!  it's killing me
has stupid shoes and stupid feet, said shoes has bruised said feet, equaling to pain 
My feet hurt 
@infinityonhigh yeahh  lol trying to nose stall on a curb... only my toe landed on the curb and the rest of my foot touched the ground
My foot is agony, my chain fell off my bike and slammed into my foot 
I really can't describe how sore my feet are it's really annoying I have to walk as if I'm wearing high heels 
my frozen foot pie (not as bad as it sounds) is not as cold now  pains coming back
Slacks and boots are not the business!! I hate 'em and my feet hurt!!! 
My feet are so cold right now 
My feet are hurting 
Is space jam the movie of the day????? I just hate that i cant find those 11 in my size  i have xtreme small feet
my feet hurt 
help me...my foot is throbbin after i got the shot 
My feet stink 
hurt my foot running today 
I need a foot massage. 
my foot is asleep 
I spent 2 hours googling gout athritis because I think I have one on my foot...sore and painful! 
Evidently just willing my feet to move isn't going to work. And I really wanted to save my effort for a special occasion...oh well 
has burnt feet and ankles!!!! 
My desk is only a few feet from being out in the sunshine 
my feet are cold  but my socks r in the other room, lol
I suspect it's warmer outside, my feet are freezing here 
@lonelycoo too far, still got uber-blisters on feet 
You'll see me when YOU visit ME. I'll miss you  and we're only sitting 2 feet apart in the car....
some guy who couldn't dance stepped on me w/ his whole weight while i was in heels...result? my foot looks likes it got clubbed 
bumped her leg into the bed side and now carrying a soar feet 
My foot hurts  bad times and although falling down the stairs was probs not one on my best moves it must have been funny to watch
I hate the bites on my feet, they itch to no end 
@drsimpson17 stop dropping heavy trailer hitches on your feet! i called you to see how you were doing, you never called me back 
the soles of my feet are covered in blisters. ow. 
My feet are hot 
It's getting harder and harder to pee on a stick.. *sighs I can't even see my feet. 
I hate having sweaty feet 
I just saw three dead raccoons on the road all within 30 feet of eachother 
my feet feels like encok.. 
we had a massive waterfight, chilled n i gt sunburnt cus i didnt put suntan lotion on. it stings  n i hurt ma feet walkin rnd bare feet
has a swolen foot  / I love you.
I wish I had beautiful feet 
whew. i cant walk  my feet hurt so bad!
A bee stung my foot. 
My feet hurt.... 
@bill_long1 i was jumping on the trampoline and my foot went between the springs 
my feet hurt   #mcflyinamerica
has sore feet from walking around the city in boots 
I can't feel my foot, my left foot. it's asleep...hate it 
can't walk, my foot hurtts 
Just stood on my straightners and my foot is burrrrrrrrrrning 
i have a wet foot, i jumped in a puddle that was a tad deeper than i thought it was 
@rhondawarren I hear ya.....my grass is like a foot tall.  Should be fun this weekend.  
i have pins and needles in my foot... 
@talkinape I miss my too.. now i have a balcony with a gazzillion herbs on it and no-where to sit..LOL want grass under my feet! 
Home from waork, feet are killing me 
@pinkmydear i'm sticking my tongue out at you.  (stomping my foot) most likely we're not taking any kind of trip (stomping my foot again)
#2busytweeting to feed myself (if only.... couldddo with losing a few lbs) 
@KimPossible40 Now u r having a wonderful morning.  I am sorry.  I stepped in cat vomit with bare feet getting out of bed.  
my foot was run over 
Holy Moses getting stung by a wasp while being 20 feet in the air on a telephone pole is no fun... 
iMissyou baby    !concrete feet!
@notraquel I don't even want to sell them but my foot grew to a size 10 and they don't fit 
He has a fucking hole in his foot now.... wtf - rusty screws through the foot for the the lose.... gawd.... 
My feet hurt and i want a hug 
My feet hurt 
My feet hurt 
i wore the wrong shoes today. my feet are soaked 
Walking to class while my feet hurt so bad  ugh
@thelibra So... you're not going to wear 5 inch heals? hahaa...  oh well 
The red Christian Louboutins on my feet are gorgeous, but sadly waaay out of my price range 
went for a run with new running shoes.. my poor left foot and blisters 
My feet and legs are all wet from the rain 
@mlo85 my feet r not big :-| just not super small  average ma'am lol
just had a cramp in my foot 
Has some acky feet 
cleaning the trash juice off my feet and shoes.    ...it gets worse before it gets better, right?  
@FallenStar1. No I got the top of my feet sunburt so they are really swollen &amp; painful. 
@whereisntjenn is okay. my foot is turning purple and i'm getting worried... 
my foot is asleep  ew
my feet are killing me from walking to the fair &amp; back 
I walked all day and my feet hurt  ... at least I had a nice workout lol
exhausted, and can't feel my feet  been shopping in tdot baby! so tiring
Lets just say my feet are bleeding literally. 
My feet hurt so bad 
My feet hurt SO much from work 
My feet are hot. I cannot deal with hot feet. Uuuugh. 
my feet hurt 
my feet hurt 
@4_inch_heels  funny but fugly 
my feet are throbbing 
my feet are so sore 
ouch - my jaw.  i'm really thirsty, and my feet are freezing. another layer of socks?
my feet hurt! i wanna go home but i didn't drive 
My feet hurt 
@Jesss_x I can't, my throat is killing me and my feet are still recovering from yesterday 
@Trapes did you get it sorted? sometimes i think pp shoot themselves in their foot put up all the charges and then think ppl will stay 
Just got stung by a beeeee!! under my foot! It hurts real bad! 
off to work  my feet hurt so bad...wont be able to stand for 5hours!
@eriiiica work?? where are you working now?  my feet hurt from working    xx
Wishing I had a feet therapy because pretty heels killed my feet 
hav sore foot   had to get 9 stitches
OUCH! I wish I wasn't so clumsy, just scraped the entire top of my foot, 
My feet hurt 
foot is finally forcing me to find some exercise that doesn't put impact on feet... 
just got back from a shopping spreeeeeeeeee! *yay*.. feet are really sore tho  ...
Why do the cutest shoes all have 4inch hells!??!! I hate being so tall! 
my foot huuuurts! i almost cant walk 
just got back from town, my feet hurt &amp; i'm tired  xxx
Proably to the pound...she was a pit so I know they put her down. 
has just came back from dancing, sore feet 
has just got back from shopping and my feet hurt....bad tyms 
@JGONeill  can you get shoes fitted just for your feet?
two staples just went into my foot. 
@DestinySports I loved it . . . its so damn big my feet are hurting  did you go?
@DazzleMeThis yer, all of a sudden the nite went to shit and i was stuck with stinky feet 
went shopping in oxford street then in kingston...been shopping for 8 hours....my feet hurt  
@ashpags I must have your feet, my new walking shoes gave me a blister 
has cold feet 
My feet r killing me...cracked and sore from walking through all the water and mud last night 
My foot is so itchy. Ughhh. 
@monikaaaaaa My feet still hurt like crazy 
Just leaving my house to go out and i got my foot stung by a nettle  typical!
I haven't loose a pound! 
my feet hurrt. ouch! 
watching kill bill, my feet are still frozen to the point they wont move...it hurts 
freak.. my feet still hurrt! 
8 hour shift + concrete floors = aching feet. 
I'm exhausted and my feet hurt 
owwwwwww i have the most painful sliver ever in my foot. fml. 
my foot is sore 
 my dad just took off his shoes and his feet smell. eeeeeeeew
@krystalnichole i only know about the foot doctor 
Someone rub my feet??  
lost her wallet  in the 2 feet of water she was walking in  
My feet hurt so bad. 
@teyjai can u believe that i was @ work til 7:44.  my feet hurt 
My foot is so swollen 
ugh! i'm so ready to go home! but i'm still here at work till 10! booo! i've been here since 1! my feet hurt! 
my feet hurt  and i just went through a gallon of water in like 10 mins. lol
my foot is asleep 
@MrAKAMikvsDaime naw.I mean i can shake it but if u add a pole &amp; some heels? my flat, stone crushing feet mite have my ass on the ground 
owww...my tootsies hurt. nobody here to give me a foot rub 
walking with crutches today  stupid foot
laying in bed... my feet hurt 
mosquito bite on my foot  ouchie
lol.As much as im against foot fetishers,I wish someone could massage my foot and ankle.Its sore. 
My feet r yelling @ me!!!  so sad
is reading popstar magazine and has pins and needles in  her foot 
@ellisedrew yeah i watch them but there on at like 1 here  whar you wanting on your foot?
My feet are always so cold.... 
urghhh my feet are all cut and sore and  i can hardly walk  x
@crisangwich I gained 24 lbs... 
my foot is aching again 
@PinksTwitFans i staved my foot at beccas its all bruized 
My 14yo is officially taller than me  Where did the time go? I remember when his tiny feet were the size of my little finger.
my feet are cold 
gained 2.6lbs - i guess it's back to chorro and vomiting for me 
@Fanpire77 I'm sorry about your foot! 
My foot 
offfffffffffffffffff out to eat somewhere niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeee...indian hopefullyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy   my feet are freezing 
My feet are sore from them damn heels 
I have a fractured foot 
hurt my foot  hope i can walk tommarow.
I rearranged my living room.  And scraped the skin off on the toes of my left foot. 
Guess times like these remind me that I've got to keep my feet on the ground 
My feet are killing me! I hate wearing flats. I wanna go to work in dunks or jordans. 
I eat sooooo much. And I weigh 88 pounds. And I'm almost seventeen 
My feet hurt 
My feet hurt.  
On the plane  i hate it.  But my feet don't.
my feet hurt so bad 
my feet are cold      i haaaaaaate winter
For some reason these shoes are hurting my feet 
my feet are aching right now. 
Is so glad dat he lost 20 lbs. Only 52 lbs. to go 
argh!! my foot is asleep!! 
ahhh, back from downtown, my feet hurt 
gosh my foot is going to give me a lot more trouble than I expected. Why do all footwear have top-foot sections  anyway off to pick em up.
my foot is swollen. 
@addicted2iphone i know, i just hate seeing that i've gained a few lbs.  it's probably water weight, i hope...
I don't know where the remote is and my feet hurt too much to get up to change the channel   http://myloc.me/2ZFK
@GeekTwisT I don't have 7 pounds 
Just got off work my feet hurt!  going to a party trying to get to bed early we will see how that goes
in need of a foot massage! new shoes killing my feet. waaaaHhhh... 
my feet are cold 
My feet feel like they're gonna fall off. And I'm hungry. And thirsty 
Really beat my feet really hurt!!!! 
has ouchy feet 
The cut on my feet is damn painful 
@cm202 me too 
can do almost everything in heels, except ease the pain of my feet. 
it's so cold, my feet are seriously numb 
My foot is asleep and e me up. 
drinking + dancing + gladiator sandals = suspected broken bone in foot 
ouch pins and needles in my foot 
Its so hot here at i seriously need a foot massage 
My feet still hurt frm sat 
uhh I forgot to lotion feet dealing with that girl! now I'm walking around with white-knuckled toes 
I swear she could slap fish out of water with her feet..or swoop down and grab something... 
my feet are hurting again aswell  boo.
just got back from  shopping love shopping ! but the blisters on my feet are focking killing me 
charming, washed my carpets @wk/end now they smell like cheesy feet !!!  Not good !!
has been asleep for 2 hours :| absolutely shattered and has blisters on her feet  x
Leaving las vegas had trouble sleeping the 7 foot clown was chasing me 
hasn't been to the Y since she was half her current height. Is weirdly scared to go alone 
My foot is asleep 
My feet 
95 pounds of weight is too much for me to lift alone... I'm weak 
Has a very sore foot. Whats wrong with me!??! 
Going on a hunt for practical shoes. I have a habit of only buying heels!  And my foot still hurts 
So i am trying to work on my foot tan but there is a big ugly cloud in the way 
Ouch, i found glass in my foot.. 
I have only lost 10lbs since my last weight check 3 weeks ago  10 more lbs to loose and I'm back to my original size
Watching my  4 yr old daughter jump on trampoline.  I would jump with her but my foot is still too sore.  
is suffering foot cramp 
@TheRealJordin i love that feelin but my feet always ache after it aswell 
my foot is really starting to hurt 
my feet hurt. 
ouchies my feet hurt 
I've gained 4 pounds. I'm up to 114, apparently.  I'm trying.. 
My feet hurt. I don't think I walk to stand too much.  What is wrong with me.
with lorenna, i love her to pieces. my feet hurt from today 
I have a blister on my foot 
I just tripped with my own feet  ... ouch!
@tractorqueen I am 4 foot 11 inches and can't wear heels!!!! 
my foot is exploding 
i love it when i get glass in my foot 
Hayfever and a cold at the same time.. yay me. feel like i'm dying on my feet 
My feet are tired. 
@zefrog No!  - also said vaseline of feet before walking in new shoes might help.
My foot hurtz.  
I want to grow taller ! 
feet are killing off new shoes for sixth form 
My feet hurt 
The blisters on my feet are killing me 
whats wrong with my foot? 
@TracerBullet I can't buy shoes online. I have big(ish) feet, and the higher up you go, the less standardization there seems to be. 
has buzz on her feet. sweet. very worried 
My foot is so itchy still 
@brajana win the$ and I ended up gaining about a pound!  than we did it again and i lost about 10 pounds but i lost by .08 pounds to a guy
feet hurt! but it was worth it! now, i'm gonna rot. 
I hate when the little rubber feet fall off of my laptop. 
my foot is odd, first it cramped up, now its numb 
my feet are killing me! not literally... but they might as well. 
my feet are so cold 
my feet hurt! 
@kattiev haha damn, you're like my height 
@queenalice I wish I could wear kids shoes. I have sasquatch feet. 
@neodoomium so is 245 lbs. Even when you lift it 
My feet are so sore , poor little toesies 
just dropped a ten pound weigh on my foot 
My foot keeps falling asleep 
I think I have to stop ignoring the 2 foot pile of clothes to be ironed 
my feet are cooooold. 
my feet are wet..... 
So word is i have a broken bone in my foot 
I want a boy to massage my feet 
while putting my feet up I think I stained my sofa with antibacterial ointment  I had to put on some in the back of my ankels I hurt mself
my feet hurt and i suck at bowling.  oh well!
just cut my foot. it hurts! 
My back and my feet hurt 
Being the only one small enough, I have spent the past 2.5 hours in a 6' deep 2.5' diameter pit in the back yard shovelling out stuff. 
my feet are cold 
@TraeIsaac I kno  LoL but I never gain a pound
Tired and with blisters on my feet  going to sleep now, good night!
@therezzza I know  he told me he lost 35lbs. how does he do it..
I don't know what kind of bunnies can heal doctor-inflicted open wounds on the bottom of feet, but if you have any lying around... oww 
converse followed by stilettos = serious foot pain 
Thinking why I allowed myself to gain 10 pounds.    
@xCMM well i do otherwise my feet go blue 
so tired and has sunburned feet  Haha
Just booted the sofa and grazed my foot owaa 
@anggiya would go with you if i could use this left foot of mine 
@Purpleyblue I faced it, and now  have wet feet 
My feet hurt 
#imtiredof this corn on my foot!!! and it's hot outside too! somebody asked me if my foot was making popcorn. unfortunately, i said yes 
Moses is getting annoying.  He keeps biting my feet 
Just got back from town, my feet hurt 
my feet hurt 
my feet hurt 
My feet hurt. 
has a hurt foot!  That's what she gets for following her husband!
Changing the 350 pounds of sand in the sand filter.  Already seems like 3500 pounds.  
has only lost 2 lbs so far 
my feet hurt 
Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh i hate him so much!!! And yet if he rang me now i'd be on my feet in 5 
I like this one better, but it's toooooooo high for me, I don't want break my feet  what do u all think?  http://twitpic.com/7nvck
my feet hurt 
my feet hurt! 
Just got off work, my feet hurt. 
I stepped on a bee and got stung in my foot  That's what I get for never wearing shoes
@itsMissL0veeee dude he's mr independent and let it fall straight back on top my foot while I had only flip flops on.... Its bruising 
My feet hurt  worked 8-2 ah haha
My feet hurt. 
My foot is hurting again  I wish I could figure out why...
I hurt my foot so bad  i mean, really? gahhhh.
Trying to beak in a new pair of heels.....stupid wide feet 
burned my foot 
Home from work, my feet hurt 
wtf is wrong with my foot.. 
Wish I could say same for my foot...dropped it on it &amp; I'm bruised &amp; swollen 
Just messed up my foot really bad. Basically have a crater in my heel 
@ZDavi I sure did, and I went to work today and now my feet hurt 
icing my foot.. 
@Ashweekay Haha I know... I was going to go... But I don't know if I can handle a full day in a field on my feet  prob going to wilkinsons
@AmyAllTimeLow my feet are cold  and i still have homework to do. haha  #barakatday  #barakatday  #barakatday  #barakatday  #barakatday
I may not be moving... confusion is setting in.  I need something to get me onto my feet 
My feet are so small i have to have velcro shoes to bowl  i want shoes with laces!!!
@outlawradio no other shoes  just your umbrella is fine, since not enough hands. that will make 2, we will prioritize baby. feet will dry
@mbueti My feet are wet, and it's not warm outside. 
My foot is killing me, it hurts so bad 
my feet hurt like crazy... and i'm seriously exhausted... 
torn the ligaments in my foot nd am now restin it 
My feet hurt 
I'm never venturing near the attic again. I have a splinter in my foot and it hooooorts. 
so sick and tired.....looking forward to getting back on my feet!! 
I think my feet are about to fall off :p and I'm sulking that I lost           
My foot hasn't healed in the least. I hate that I'm up so early.  bah
My feet hurt like crazyyyyy 
Sprouting gills amd webbed feet in the Hampyons 
@a_dubstar after you buy me a new foot pedal . mine broke 
my feet hurt so bad! 
I reallyy need work shoess. Doess anyone knoww of anyy really good pairs ?! I'm desperatee! M feet hurtt 
The bruise on my foot is pissing me off haha. It hurts when I move my toes  lol
Ugh my feet hurt...just got back from school...i had to walk 
I hit my head cause I was hopping down the stairs on one foot... 
i have pins and needles in my foot 
my feet aree coldddddddddddddddd 
I'm wearing 2 inch heels and my feet still don't touch the ground at my desk 
just got back from hospital  after having been smashed in the foot with a cricket ball ! :@
I really need to get new shoes for work...my feet hurt 
i feel sooooo happy but my foot just fell asleep 
my feet hurt 
@fekauffman it fell about 2 1/2 feet? Yes, it was on 
my feet are so burnt they look like lobser claws!!! 
my foot is still fucked!!!! 
my feet hurt from my new shoes  drinking vino with erin.
dear world: my feet hurt. 
My feet hurts SO bad!! 
sitting -- feet are in pain  from concert..but it was worth it
Goodness, my legs, my feet, and my heart hurt. 
just got out of work. my feet hurt 
@jacquemonique You're telling me! As if it wasn't bad enough that my arms hurt from the shots today, but now my foot is throbbing too! 
just watched the last epiosde of six feet under... The saddest endings I have ever seen 
Has put on 2 lbs! Not happy! 
http://twitpic.com/7s8p8 - magic mirror gives me false hopes by making me appear a foot taller 
just received over a hundred pounds... unfortunately it's not for me 
ice skatinggggg. cept now my feet hurt 
style over comfort..... now my feet really hurt :| 
i must be crazy,i dont know why i thought i could eat a foot long subway....feel soooo sicccck 
Just sank a 30+ foot putt...for quadruple bogey.   
Aparently the extra inch makes all the difference. 
wearing new sandles... my feet hirr 
My foot hurts!!  And I'm not even wearing my new shoes. 
my roots are like 367493673 inches long 
That lizard was bold and almost crawed up on my foot. Does that mean my toes look like rocks 
my feet are aching!  how can i make them not ache?
My feet are getting swollen by the minute 
thought i lost 10lbs in weight yesterday, turned out one of the feet on the scales had come off and it was lope sided. bummer  lol
my feet are really cold  x
My feet hurt. 
soooooo tired and my foot is really hurting 
I freaking cut open my foot! I think my new shoes are cursed 
I enjoyed my walk, but now I have a blister on my foot. 
Going to bed a little earlier than intended due to brother's incredibly stinky feet 
My feet hurt!! 
destroyed my foot 
My feet are soooo cold right now 
My feet hurt 
Its hot and my feet hurt but i cant sit down 
looking at my feet with nothing to do 
okay maybe a foot long sub was too much 
My bottom hurts  Tripping over your own feet backwards isn't the most graceful of gestures.
no hot guys within 100 feet of me 
I sprain my foot. 
What is it about mall shopping that makes my feet kill?  
is off of work, laying down my feet hurt! 
Agadore just got stung by a bee on his foot!!!! 
I think my foot might be broken 
I want my cute, adorable feet back!!  
My foot is swollen. I stepped on a bee... 
Aaaahhhh my foot itches! 
 ...and i feel a shallow breath that squeezes past the fifty pounds of stone laid in my chest.
My feet hurt I wish I had someone to rub them 
Also, don't run outside in the dark barefoot. Unless u have feet of steel. I may have kicked ass, but the ground killed my feet 
i have a knot thingy on my foot and it really hurts 
My feet are mad at me. 
My feet are so swollen! I can't fit them into my shoes 
has hurt her foot 
The night's almost over...my feet hurt 
gained 5 lbs.  maybe it's because of all that jelly belly and kitkat. (
My feet hurts. 
Why do I always insit on wearing these shoes when I know they hurt my feet 
@codeezra Little baby feet are cute, but yay even the pinky toe  I just think feet are dirty
My feet hurt  fucking high heels.
Laying in bed LOL so tired feet and shoulder hurts 
has blisters on her feet from walking 5 miles in flip flops  wants to swim desperately.
owww this man is hurting my feet 
jumped like 20 feet it was scary 
OUCH my foot 
All I said were 'don't kick your feet off cos that's why the coffee went everywhere' and then once again it's all my fault 
my feet hurt  i think i need to buy some new ones  lol
definitely made the mistake of wearing the shoes that were rubbing my feet yesterday again...silly chi 
They stole over 800 pounds from me 
My foot is swollen 
@DeathbyVolcano it destroys my feet 
waiting for @claytonmathis's sammy at panera.  all I can say about the gym is: owfuckowfuckowfuuuuck. my feet hurt 
Why it is so hard to buy an 8ft blind 
fell down the stair last night and hurt my foot  
just got off work... my feet hurt 
evenin all! have a mega sore foot and can't walk on it - bad times 
ouch. 9 hours working in retail standing on your feet? that doesn't seem fun. arg . . . 
my feet hurt 
@jillejo I think I've gained 16 pounds.  
cut my foot  wont stop bleeding
- my feet are 3 times their normal size and puffing out of my sandals. 
Just smashed @saysaymaybee's foot  i'm sowry.
I dropped conditioner on my foot now there is a bump on it 
my feet hurt 
My feet really hurt. 
I'm concerned because i actually burned my feet on the pavement once and it hurt for at least a week. 
My foot is re swelling 
my feet hurt so bad, there like on fire! damn flats 
oh god, so tired. my feet hurt so bad too.  and i miss caitlin 
My feet hurt. 
Just fell down my stairs and hurt my foot really bad 
maybe i shouldnt have ran like that! effect: twisted foot! 
my feet hurt 
my feet hurt like ive never known them to. They will be punishing me for days... 
my feet hurt 
my feet hurt 
Wish my foot would feel better 
At work, feet hurt....back hurts.....I'm falling apart 
just gain 5 pounds no jokes 
@briescheese a both 13 and 24 inch. I have another 24 inch collecting dust id like to hook up to it, apple says its a no go 
My feet hurt. 
my feet hurt. No word of a lie, All the footwear I own give me water blisters, everywhere on my feet. It's getting very annoying. 
just came back from the capilano suspension bridge... my feet hurts soo muchhhh      
my feet hurt 
@the_f1_chap i wanted to be there for gates opening but @jayegan put his foot down  so im up + almost ready..hes just woken up
My feet hurt 
finally home from the wedding. my feet hurt 
note to self, never wear cowboy boots to a concert,no matter how cute they look..your feet will fall off and die afterward  
woke up with sore foot great 
went ice skating and now legs are sore and have blister on foot 
still don't feel my feet 
worked all day again lmao!! my feet hurt 
sick of having a broken foot 
i think i have a little bit of glass in my foot 
my feet are still sore  panto auditions tonight xxx
@kimbarweee awww your foot  you going the hospital? x
last night was actually alrighttt, sore feet though 
@dawnipoo I stole your last 3 pounds 
@LeynaBansal I was getin redi 4wrk socks wer yet2reach my feet iron was on flo I was standing near it and it fell and landid on my foot 
urgh...stupid shoes. No wonder my feet have itchyness  laptops going away soon 
i've been sitting on my feet so long that my feet are going numbbbbb! 
The cats fell asleep on my foot, dead leg. 
I has a cramp in my foot. It's not nice. 
I like a boy who plays piano and doesn't step on my feet when we dance! I wish he knew how i feel 
my arm and my feet hurt. alot 
I twisted my foot. 
I'm bummed that I hurt my foot 
says tmr got frenly but i injured my waist  http://plurk.com/p/12q5hz
wow, i really do have small feet 
been shopping for 4 hours, my feet hurts walking around but ended with nothing 
LOL anne. just got back from cardozo graduation. my feet hurt 
My feet hurt. 
My feet hurt 
my foot still herts from triping over that stupid rock  so not fun
my feet are still sore  i need a massage
cant find the foot spray. scrap that ideaa. maybe i should sleeppp? 
My feet don't touch the floor in the new bus seats 
We went to ride go carts and I am to short to ride one of them  wish I was 64 inches tall.
my feet hurt!!!!  . .  
I shouldn't have wore sandals today...my feet hurt 
ooo had to work for the 2ns full day in a row, feet ache terribly 
Bruised the arch of my foot from landing primo 
I think i hav that foot thing where it hurts on the bottom 
@thepixiepop Unfortunately, I have big feet for a woman. 
Tired with sore feet 
my feet are cold. 
I just got my foot stuck in a bucket 
I just hurt nikki's foot! 
@lauraaa_xoxo : mhm. I got a little red on my shoulders even.  but not my feet lols.
has one very itchy foot! also wishes she could sleep more 
@jpoh unlike dell who drag their feet with orders 
@dantha my feet skin is shedding and it's super gross 
I have blisters on my feet from wearing those heels!  now I regret ever getting those heels; probably should take 'em back
i have really bad pins and needles in my feet 
Going to sleep now  our feet hurt!
My foot has been jabbed and I am now limping like a hurt survivor 
OOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCHHHH!!!! pins and needles in both feet 
very nearly stabbed my own foot when I dropped the scissors opening an ice pop 
My feet are cold. 
My feet hurt  butttt im still totally psyched about tonight!
My foot hurts and I need to run 10 miles in a couple of days.  I feel like my shoe is laced up way too tight, but it's not.  
Huge blisters on my feet.. owww 
My feet are cold &amp; I have no socks today.  
taking a footbath right now.. my feet are swollen and hurt  !!
@caramuise It's disgusting. When I danced I got like a warty thing from my pointe shoes, ignored it and now my foot is covered  fml.
the price to pay to look bit better, is blistered feet and bloody feet 
@dannywood we have an ongoing debate. Is it true what they say about men and big feet?  @jonsItalianbeau  @LilMissStubborn
my feet hurt dayum four inches... in bed though 
is off to get a pedi!! got to have pretty toes and feet for the spring 
@tkpleslie I have 56.2 lbs. to go! 
I can't believe I've lost 7lbs... so amazing 
@CrystalPace i love ur penguin btw  was he in happy feet by any chance?? lol
feet hurt really bad. going to read then go to sleep. 
@cottonandice I cut a couple of feet off the scarf, since the 4th doc was taller than I am 
my feet are so cold. I think my toes are snapping off and being left scattered over the house 
my feet feel like radiators XD letting ma feet cool down before going outside again 
Holy f n s i just hydroplaned at 72 mph 
I love how they congratulate them after they &quot;lose all those inches&quot; 
@FoodStories good planning - a girl who values her  shoes and her feet - no compromise 
@mileycyrus my dad  growls at me when I have my feet on the dashboard lol It's not my fault it's comfy 
right now i am about to take a huge dump and lose about 10 pounds, excited 
@mileycyrus I ride with my feet on the dashboard all the time, def not obnoxious! it's comfy 
@kicksonfire now im going to cut my feet off in discontent 
is up- glad its not raining since roof isn't repaired yet. pain is better than yesterday-burning/tingling in feet/hands is not. oh well. 
Enjoying the 3 foot gummy snake I bought the other day. 
Seven pounds if you haven't seen it already 
@SVargas22 I got the text!!!! From happy feet...!      haaaaaaha
Just mowed the lawn, then weighed myself. Apparently 45 mminutes of yard work = lose of 1.3 pounds.  
@carrieVmason I'm 4'11, give or take a few centimeters 
@marigoy That means you got your foot in the door  LOL
my feet were cold so he took off his socks and put them on me... 
I just finished first season six feet under 
the bone along the outside of ur feet ~ do a caterpillar crawl of the sides 4 spine relief  reflexology works.
@ArielSatriani what did you do?haha. just wash your feet and go to bed,mommas boy 
My legs are so fucking sore. And my feet hurt to walk. Whataday 
I feel 5 pounds lighter 
my shoes taken off and my slippers put on my feet! 
painting my feet 
@SusanPowter  Makes for great soft feet doesn't it! Feels great after being on them all day too! 
@antonmuller Just about 100 meters from where we live now 
@faintstarlite  you gained 10 pounds? About 6 weeks after my last c-section I had dropped 35 pounds. With you breastfeeding expect more! 
@RobinGrantham a cup holder and a foot massage - after that, you got it covered. 
@jacqueline47 what out from under your feet? lol 
relaxing my feet... 
Spends to much time worring about his feet, their just too big 
pupppy shopping at the pound 
On the plus side I've lost a few more lbs  making 6lbs in 2 weeks 
@matthewmoloney ooo so shes got a few more inches to go then 
@msuta A foot thong is a piece of material that goes under the foot so a dancer is able to turn without rubbing the skin.  
I'm feeling all cosy since current owners gave me some new carpets... they say they're lovely on their feet 
@ICSarojini It's kind of nice, sometimes, to have a commute measured in feet 
just seen @loosea trying to close a door by pulling the handle with her foot ... I think it's time for bed 
@bikelady lol I guess I should have read the fine print at the bottom of the memo that said dive in with both feet. 
@wizbiff I'm soooo tired and my feet are killing me. Totally worth it 
theres little kittie noses touching my feet..and kitties climbing on my feet. 
@liiiindsaay my foot doesn't hurt any longer 
my feet are sooooo sore, but i did get free piggy backs last night 
@irishprincess41 oooo~that is cool!  I am sure the color would stay good unless you walk on the inside of your foot 
@JDouglass He can't have much of a reach if he's only 3 ft tall, though 
@LandonBell is that your foot?? 
back down to 130 lbs... dieting is perhaps working? fingers crossed! must lose 10 pounds and gain a 6 pack by june 29! 
I want clown feet....i dont know why but it would be cool, and you could kick people from a distance 
@mattlaw hang in there sweetie....we might just pull through all this. chin up, stay positive, and feet to pavement 
