Most common words for this cluster:
[('finals', 418), ('tomorrow', 29), ('week', 27), ('day', 18), ('study', 16), ('today', 10), ('school', 8), ('yay', 8), ('summer', 7), ('amp', 7), ('life', 6), ('semi', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'finals', 0.9594652652740479), (u'semifinals', 0.8093156218528748), (u'semi_finals', 0.805728554725647), (u'quarterfinals', 0.7740317583084106), (u'Finals', 0.7716905474662781), (u'semi_final', 0.7555637359619141), (u'semis', 0.7532714009284973), (u'semifinal', 0.7525039911270142), (u'quarterfinal', 0.725736141204834), (u'championship', 0.6953698396682739)]





..for my finals... 
going to work til 4 then studying for finals...blah 
How I wish I didn't have finals to prepare for  #asot400
I'm definitely not winning this tournament... 
made semi finals at long beach theatre fest, but i didnt place in finals  maybe next year
life guarding finals tomorrow; i dont think im gonna pass 
The Jackets are making me cry.   At least they made the playoffs I guess...
has to concentrate on her finals and stop exploring twitter. 
@kpy5330 Finals! 
no more rites to look forward to...just finals. 
studying 4 my finals 
finals  shoot me now
Looking forward to life in the championship 
@intencitiess me too  finals suck.
study for finals alllllll night 
Watching the wrestler n studying for finals 
ughhh....finals 
Night before finals start can't sleep 
@duwanese i hate finals!!!! 
is studying for finals from now until the end. 
strep always seems to find me around finals ........ 
studying at the library for finals 
studying for finals???? boo 
I have no motivation to study for finals.... 
shopping = success! now to study for finals 
hates finals 
I want to run away from finals 
 Playoffs it is then
I'm Trying to concentrate, I have 2 finals tomorrow 
trying to not lose my mind while studying for three finals for tomorrow...ugh 
@yourstrulyjlh I think mine is over 1000 again after finals week. 
studing for the finals 
super stressed  finals comin up
studyin' finals start tomorrow 
weekend is over  back to studying before finals
finals... 
spending the day working on finals 
Why am i studying for midterms while everyone else has finals this week? 
I can't study  finals suck
studying for finals sadly 
my finals are 2morrow. wow..im so excited. 
finals!!!! 
uguuuuuu...boo finals  and tomorrow in general 
@TheWordWarriors well, that's not inspiring for finals week 
watching keeping up with the kardashians then bedddd * 2 finals tomorrowww 
i wanted brande to be in the finals for celebrity apprentice 
finals time = no life 
studying my life away....finals are here 
@nicharry what match are you going to? I applied for finals but no luck 
two finals today. 
aaaaaahhhh finals 2day then coming back to study for more finals 
the 1st of 3 finals 
Taking two finals today. 
two finals and a couple of goodbyes to go 
Two finals today, yay! 
i don't know if i want thursday to come or not because it means finals are over, but it also means that i have to leave my friends 
went to red robins with swim team after finals. soo full  i feel funnyy.
This is no fun  #finals http://mypict.me/FQi
::shaking fist:: CONTRACTS!!!!!! finals suck 
http://twitpic.com/4wpos - This is no fun  #finals
@jonathanlai  as long as we make finals
Off to the city to see hair then back up to np for finals 
Two finals tomorrow. I'm not confident about either of them at all. 
Only has two mid terms left. Yupp mid terms. Not finals. 
i just filled out a juror's questionaire! i better not get summoned..its almost finals... 
no more playoffs waaaaaaaaa!!!! wat to do now? 
i hate finals week! it stresses me out!!! 
two finals tomorrow  sleep is unecessary
Hates finals 
augh im so busy with my finals 
putting on my makeup!! then off to two finals! wahoo! not 
yaaawn, two finals today 
@2s @chupchap @nakulshenoy no chance of rajasthan in finals? I kinda liked them though! 
So tired of finals, deadline &amp; basically stress in general. 
is studying hardcore for finals! 
Studying for finals.......ugh 
is still sick and has two finals tomorrow that I am nowhere even close to being ready for 
@denyse_tron you should have been done with finals and come to sd.  mcs was at sungod and so good.
 rawr finals.
@no634 aww the pre-finals paper jam happened to me 1L   It'll be okay!!
twitterbreak for awhile. finals coming up. 
came in last in our tournament! 
panera studying for my stats final in the am  2 finals to go!
off 2 skewl 4 finals 
Is gonna take spanish finals soon 
in class taking finals 
at this rate, i would not be surprised if lakers or cavs dont show up at the finals. kudos to magic and nuggets..no tennis for me yet 
finals today 
Home .. so much schoolwork / finals ! it suckss 
@christophermoy it makes me so upset that i couldn't see you boys tonight because i have finals to study for 
@aparadiseaway no I didn't see it. I'm doing stuff for finals 
is going to be M.I.A. for awhile... eff finals 
I seriously hate my life: it's currently 2:42am, I have 3 finals tomorrow, and have not slept a single second 
@agrinavich This is late, but I was actually in the spelling bee back in the day. I got eliminated in state finals though. 
ughhh studying for finals i wish i could go to prom 
@DubarryMcfly really has anyone got through to the finals yet? yeah was it i was stuck in class for most of it  loveyoufletch xxxx
six more finals to go 
@courtbolin i miss youuu and i wish i was dodging semis with you 
Ugh...I wasn't as done with my finals as I thought 
Wow finals are going to be killer. I'm not looking forward to it. 
 i hate crying.im going to bed.im so sick of school. 1 week left.but finals......i really hate finals!
@grooveworksENT If only I could ..  I got finals.. boooo
One week, and then finals. I'm so ready...except for microeconomics. 
finals srsly suck. 
studying for finals YAY 
Studying..... For the finals.... 
Is not going out tonight now. Looks like I'll be watching the britains got talent finals after all   http://myloc.me/25qX
studying for finals...yay 
I really wanted to go to the beach today  completely forgot about finals haha
I hate finals week!! 
 i have to start studying for finals
I don't feel like studying for finals but i neeeeeed toooo! 
studying fro finals 
Missing yet another tourney 
I hate finals!! 
Oh godd... finally stopped working after another 13 hour day. Tired. Finals: t=-2. This is going to get a lot worse before it gets better 
@wicklekell me too the season was soo much fun!! no semi finals anymore...aww  xxxxx
i dont have money for finals tix 
Gaaaaaaaaaah I hate finals... 
upset because cavaliers didnt make it to the Finals 
Not looking forward to laker magic finals  boo boo boo
sleep this week is going to be hell..i hate finals 
finals finals finals 
Just go grounded until finals because I am not home now.   Is it really worth it?  I think so
is studying for his finals 
finals this week. 
Oh no! he's out of the French tourney 
ugghh.. sick and finals, too 
@vibrantvt no i'm not going but my fam is. i have to study for finals 
finals all this week!!! 
studying for finals  wishing i was outside
still can't believe the cavs aren't in the finals 
@audreylish  Lol I knowww! I can't wait.. But then before all that goodness comes finals week 
Studying for finals  I want to go outside..
I'm dyinnnggg forcing myself to study for these finals! 
Finals! 
Still studying for science final  I'm tired of finals at least this is the last one!
cookout with the family, then studying more for finals tomorrow. 
dosent want to take any of her finals 
@joshgard studying for finals  wut u up to?
i should be studying for finals...but i'm just sitting at the computer listening to new again. i'm so pissed i cant see tbs this summer 
ugh. finals. 
studyingg for finals week  ew..
I don't feel like reading anymore  I hate finals.
will be studying for my sophmore grade's finals 
horribly sick.  and i have finals tomorrow!!!
Just got inspired to create a website that hopefully makes money. Too bad I have finals this week 
why am i awake. and why is andy samberg so hot. and why did nadal fail to make it even to the french open semi-finals? i'm so upset 
worn out. finals week. 
@billtvshow @ibiteprettyhard lucky bastards, i have finals 
more finals...AND forgot my yearbook at home 
Why do we even have to take finals? 
Only one more week if school then I'm a senior! YAY!! Finals all this week 
Last full day, then finals 
i so nervous for finals 
I hate finals 
finals are over. it's raining 
Finals start next period. 
not stoked for finals. 
The conference is over, time to study for finals now 
@_tranquilize ill keep you up, i have to stay up for finals again bb 
practice &amp; then studying for finals 
@sinclairexoh ugh no! i have so many projects and tons &amp; tons of homework, plus studying for finals 
it's my birthday...and i have finals 
pooo finals start tomorrow..eeeekkkk 
math finals  not exited
Studying for finals  grosss
Supose to be studying for finals but fell asleep 
hubs is ticked! lakers finals tix sold out 
@lucyrox45 i have no hmeword!! just finals to study for 
demi lovato is luckyyy! I wish i was going out! I have to study for finals 
I dont feel like doing anymore studying for my two finals  *11 hours*...&gt;O&lt;
i really want to stay up until 1 but finals tomorrow 
english and drivers ed finals tomorrow...woo 
Going to starbucks to study. I hate finals week 
dreading finals this week!!! 
Studying for crapy finals 
Just chilling....studying for finals. 
I seriously hate finals week. I'm stupid and procrastinated doing all my reviews. 
Negative on tickets to the finals. 
@ALLyannaaa Haha yee same her  When are your finals?
florida lost first round of world series finals  maybe tomorrow!!
@Labanya_x3  lucky . haven't even started finals yet at my school 
stupid allergies! i got finals tomorrow!! 
Sleeping...sadly I have my history and spanish finals in the morning 
@DavidArchie aww i wanna see up too, but my finals... 
weds last day of school but tomorrow will be for me finals finals finals all day ugg. specially for someone who don't feel good 
getting ready fo skool...last full day before finals start 
ah have finals  bleh and miss my boyfriend
precal and physics finals today 
finals=suck!!! two down two to go... the hardest two of course.... 
 suuuper busy. math finals are coming up and i'm pretty sure i'm going to die.
i really hate having to do the millions of packets for finals 
finals 2marrow. 
finals all weeek. 
aaahhhh finals  pray for me
spanish &amp; bio finals 2morrow 
i hate finals  going to fail and then my life will be ruined.
Doing my finals, homework.. and missing my boyprend 
I want to go nite nite, but I have to read finals week is coming! and I have to wake up at 5 
Finals!!! 
French 2 and liberal arts finals  fml
doing finals  so i'm like studding like crap..
Ugh, finals 
@DavidArchie yay! that's cool! I have to do finals  eeew
Finals blew 
ACRush out of semi-finals!! 
is finals are killlling me. one down, six to go 
Donneee!!! I am done with classes. Now for finals. 
I hate cramps during finals 
@pantherrh: The code's still here, but I haven't really worked on it.  After finals I'll clean it up and give you a copy.
Finals. 
I just found out i have 5 finals on tuesday 
Is not studying for finals. 
finals monday and tuesday 
@peterfacinelli not at all. i'mma be working on projects and studying for tests and finals alllllllll weekend 
i hate finals 
Studying for finals now 
finals week next week 
fuck finals. argh. 
@chelzmae i was really upset when he didn't make it to the finals  he's like the funniest in the group
have to get up early and finish studying for finals...sad  ttyl
Just played ping pong competition,, and, and, I lost in semi-finals.. quite sad 
I still have to take quite a few finals though 
reading for the finals  hoping that i soon will be done.. !
Still looking for finals tickets, no luck yet. 
@YungPayne I'm not that nice during finals week 
studying for finals like all day 
cleaning my room. then studying for finals 
i so mad gonzalez is not in the finals of the french open 
@ the davidson library studying for finals  with @jessallison88
finals next week 
Is quite tired. I wish summer was here already, and I didn't have finals still. 
studying for finals, yanks cant keep a lead 
studying for math finals 
no raving this weekend . study for art finals coming up!! 
@joshgard nah stuyding for finals  lol lame. i know. yay sbux
@tiff_th 3 more finals to gooooo 
wishes finals were over already ! . . , and they havent even started  hahaha
at the library with @AllysonObrien. studying for finals  ugh  5 more days!!!!
@siamusic I'm studying for finals  but your day sounds amazing
Studying for gold day finals 
Hating finals week already 
studying for finals is tedious!! 
@iMrNiceGuy0023 nahh, not for yet i still have a couple more finals to take 
@thepowler33 it hurts to even swallow   i just hope its not step again cant afford that with finals
finals tomorrow and tuesdayyyy  then school weds and SUMMAHHH
@Meix2lubbsyou i have finals this week 
studying for finals starts now. 
i hate finals weeek 
hey !!!! had to stay home have to study for finals 
hate finals 
finals. 
i hate finals  and i wish i was this stuffed monkey!! http://tinyurl.com/m6x5o3
@AnnaCraigMusic just studying for finals  hbu?
@ashleyfrag finals this week make me cry.   I'm wearing the shirt you gave me.  We shall hang out sooooon!!
Studying for finals. I hate school. A lot. But maybe i shouldnt wait untill the last day to study for 2 finals 
@socalvballqt SERIOUSLY! i just want to be done with this quarter! ahhh! boo, finals! 
finals blow!! 
pulled groin  and whitby iroquois champions!
wishing this wasnt the last weekend to study for finals 
Its impossible to watch these finals games without beer. 
hates finals 
gahhh i have finals this week!! 
finals are 
geometry &amp; theology finals tomorroooow  night
Finals is stressing me out so much, I'm tweet-less. 
finals tomorrow 
wish it was my miami heat in the finals 
beddddd. finals tomorrow.  text!
@andreeyuhspooky  finals suck. ahaa omgg i really wish summer was here.
wish rondo was in the finals 
Lakers won the finals but there is no way i can ace my finals. 
@runnenwater i see,hehe,i guess chinese could be very complicated for foreigners.i have 4 finals and a toefl this month,soooo stressed 
ahhhhhhhhh finals start in 14 hours! :/ text me tooo keep me sane! 
urgh two moore finals todaaay suuucks 
Last day as a junior! . . . then finals 
eh, more finals 
i don't want to take finals 
@WoahOhJessica why r u going there?? This weeks finals week 
lakers won finals  im pissed!
Both of my brothers are graduating. But i have to do finals 
@ work tired i dont want to be here i need to be studying for finals 
happy #musicmonday i just got off finals so no more till wed. when i have chem  and fri i have global  and next wed i have math so yay
@KMegel take me away from finals &amp; take mr with you 
Its only day 1 of finals and i already have a meanass headache 
a lil disappointed in the magic losing the finals  but im glad they made it that far
I want finals to be over  Ughhh
thank u!! taking finals!! 
is baking brownies at tom's but has to leave before they're done to go study for finals.... 
is baking brownies at tom's but has to leave before they're done to go study for finals.... 
Not looking forward to tomorrow's finals. I don't know how to study 
schools out for summer..actually for finals darn 
looking back, on the past two finals. i kinda wish i cared and actually tried.  oh well! too late now!
i hate finals 
more finals tomorrow!! 
finals start tomorrow 
finals start  tomorrow 
studying for the first of many finals 
isn't looking forward to be writing finals 
ugh i hate studying for finals 
I dont want to take finals this week 
finals and work is making me hate my life 
finals!!!!!!!!  stupid skool shuld b ova by now 
@taralovessyou oh goshh finals  good luck! are you getttting it after your finals?
I'M TIRED. fuck finals 
@thushaa haha baller!! i wish i could go shopping, but i have finals this week 
I hate finals and regents! 
is not looking foward to finals 
finals  at least i only have 2 more! woo
Just got up with a serious headache. The finals are really stressing me out 
scared for my finals. neeed to maintain my grades  
@hockey10001 probably in a week or two. depending on how many vids i can make. i still have finals 
Studying for finals  essay tomorrowww.
finals!! 
@mynameislloyd @stevexwest @jakeashley @michaelellington it's a shame you guys didnt get through to the finals on uncharted 
finals this week 
Finals 2day 
i have finals until friday.when i asked my parents for $ to buy LVATT they told me they would give it to me after finals.go to hell dad! 
history &amp;&amp; english finals tomorrow.... ugh    
i soo failed finals?  maybe, but it seemed pretty easy actuallyy.
suffering through finals... studying 
aw man finals r in 2 days! 
More finals  I'd rather play bass.
I wish I can attend tomorrow's parade to celebrate Lakers' championship, but alas I have to work. 
@NikkiCasale I miss youuuuuu  I hope your finals/regents' are going good!
I feel so horrible that I haven't posted anything recently, but I am so busy with finals and my thursday finals sadly fall on my b-day 
stressing over all the finals that im going to be taking for the rest of the week ; especially history  kill me.
time for finals 
Finals tom. 
lost the finals. aww geez  2-0 to taka. bad bad bad.
why am I up at 4:45 in the morning? So I can study for finals! yay finals.  in less than 12 hours I'll be done with history class!!!
i got a 'B' in one of my finals! Wtf thought id ace it! 
hardest day of finals 
Tired! Morning..I can't see my brother graduate because of dumb finals 
finishing chem lab  only two finals tomorrow and then summers here!!!
@ddlovato i wish i could go i cant cause i have finals the next day 
@Pcompany goodluck! I'm on finals too 
@ddlovato meeeeeeeeee but i cnt go its finals weekend 
english finals tomorrow  going to the gym soon..
ugh finals 
studying for finals  fmlll literally
hating finals 
i miss lorna    and i have finals 
finals tomorrow 
Why couldn't finals end today?? 
my legs are peeling already  i should sleep before finals.... nah
i don't feel good at all, and i have to sit in school and take 2 finals  ughh
i hate being sick during finals week 
At school. Coco and tamales breakfast for champions. Errrg Finals.  wish me luck??
Nanana I'm boreddd I have to make up like ten tests todayy yo and then finals till tuesdayy  ahh fmutb
I'm so scared/nervous for my finals..  i really hope i do well..
two finals to go and one presentation. excited, but its one of those  days.
has a soar throat again?!? finals 
5 more finals.  only 3, 1/2 days though which isn't so bad.
finals suck. 
geometry + finals = disaster 
Get to spend my weekend working on my finals... 
@Welsea @xxmegaxx @shalomjlm &amp; @kiimberr have fun tonight, i would be partying with you if i didnt have finals  xo
@mileycyrus  at least you're not studing for finals!  ur so lucky!!
No class tomorrow, yay... but now I have to study for finals so damn.... 
Going to bed math finals in the morning i have to make them up 
@paulpierce34 So you guys got beat by a poodle in the playoffs?  
3 more finals!!!!!!! and still sick 
Finals then off to turkeyyy  i love youuuu&lt;3
rafa not playing wimbly ...   most probably it gonna be roger vs murray in finals and ultimately roger winning it !!!
@richithomas i really wanted to got to the rescue in ny but it was in the middle of finals 
finals are almost over  one more to go! 
i'm soooooooo nervous about the finals coming next week 
finals week! not going out this weekend to study 
Ugh! finished 623rd in a tournament of 9000... top 400 qualified for finals 
terrified for finals week, why does it have to be nice out today 
ughh, finals 
Has to start studying for finals now... 
Finals tomorrow....yaaaay well one final 
@ddlovato i wiiiiiish! i have to study for finals  no where near as fun as going to your concert.
studyinng for finals. fillos and buccis tommoroww 
Playing at 1130 in quarter finals! Messed me knee up 
@atlhustlerclub  i wish we made it yesterday. i still have finals. and i actually need sleep  for them lol
We lost 2-1 in the semifinals  but I scored.
1st part math finals tomorrow!!! 
sleepy but i cant sleep and i got finals tomorrow 
that is, after i take my two finals 
@ImASadGiraffe breakfast of champions! 
I love mil paintball!!  better make it to the semi finals!!! 
is being a print right now. Finals, finals, finals. 
Morning!!! Just gonnna review for my finals I got the info locked in 
@bibimbap, yes  I'm not sure I could have done 3L finals without him.
can't wait till finals are over with! 
Taking on the last challenge of the semester... finals 
@heidimontag studying for college finals it's not fun!! 
3 finals till i see my sister!!! 
3 finals this week...I am doing the needful 
5 finals away from summer!!! 
ahh can't wait for finals to be over! 
@kesford KES!! let's chill when you are free of finals 
My trees bloomed  I've been so busy studying for finals I didn't even notice http://twitpic.com/4j0n6
3 finals til I'm done 
@marissa110 heyy i finally got one too  oh and good luck on your finals today
is #6 seed in regionals!! 
So glad I'm finally done with finals! 
Finally caught up on the sleep that finals week had deprived me of 
@jamessime why, why I have to study for my finals? I would have loved to come to the event 
had coffee with @ball529 and laughed a lot. also, it is finals week. i remain unaffected 
mmmm finals are done  hml
mathtest tommorrow, finals 
Laying in bed  finals are over I am done for the summer! Yay!!!
@gsthornton I had two finals on mine, but the rest of the day was fun 
good luck in the finals @ctothejl @mills 
@WWEMickieJames well if u wrestle for the divas championship, i hope u win it!! 
two finals tomorrow. then gymmm 
can't wait for the eastern and western conference finals 
Finals is over!!!!! I'm FREEEEE!!! 
i passed my finals 2 alma !!! yeah !!! -high-five- !!! 
Second day of finals! almost done...keeep it going...tonight i feel like dancing 
stanley cup finals babyy !! godd i lovee pittsburghhh 
We made it through prelims and are going straight to finals!!  only 3 of 50 teams get to slip semi finals!
@gourmeted @bonnevivante is watching the spelling bee finals too. 
finals suck. i can't wait for summer..then i can go to giants games whenever i want 
