Most common words for this cluster:
[('finger', 290), ('fingers', 213), ('burnt', 17), ('lol', 16), ('index', 14), ('thumb', 14), ('pinky', 13), ('amp', 12), ('guitar', 11), ('knife', 10), ('door', 9), ('http', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'fingers', 0.9206720590591431), (u'finger', 0.9048873782157898), (u'pinky_fingers', 0.6827531456947327), (u'pinky', 0.6650598645210266), (u'forefinger', 0.6519137620925903), (u'thumb', 0.6376771330833435), (u'pinky_finger', 0.6306919455528259), (u'fingernail', 0.6135473847389221), (u'pinkie', 0.609968900680542), (u'pinkie_fingers', 0.601004958152771)]





Keeping my fingers crossed for my buddy    He is not feeling well.
my little pinky finger hurts so much.. 
doing her english coursework..her fingers ache 
my fingers ache  they feel like they have arthritis
just jammed my finger in the door 
i wish i would make work disappear with the snap of my fingers 
i wish i could make work disappear with the snap of my fingers 
I think I broke my finger 
my fingers hurt 
@tbossbone same  I cut my finger right through the finger nail with scissors *cries*
I cut my finger up while drumming with my shoes on state street. 
can't feel my fingers from plucking all those birds, so that means I wont be online long... 
My fingers are starting to hurt. 
hates my finger. it hurts 
My fingertips feel numb &amp; they are red (guitar kills your fingers, beware), its too fucking hot, and I am NOT looking forward to school 
@charlene17c she had a slight stroke  But it looks like things are getting better...-crosses fingers-
My fingers are cold 
I smashed my finger 
Just superglued my fingers together, not impressed 
What I said earlier about my mum was al lie. She had actually dropped a slab on her finger 
oooooooooooooooowwww my fingers. 
@truphoneDBA agreed  fingers crossed!
I burnt the shit out of my finger! 
Just slammed my finger in the door!  It hurts to write this (teardrops).  
I cut my fingernails and my fingers looks sad again. 
i have a crispy thumb and index finger.    ow I hate burns. 
by elbows itch  its hard to scratch other hard places: fingers,toes
my fingers hurt ......2 much guitar 
i cut my finger  lol ......
@hermitpaul I dont think so.  I have no idea who would have done it. I'm just going to cross my fingers that my insurance will pay for it.
@MarPart67 no  lol new finger joints would help tho
ouchie, i jammed/twisted my finger; it really hurts 
Oh mannnn. I got a blister on my index finger from the lawn mower.  The bar was hot when i first grabbed it.
@strawfoot: I have a banjo but I am cursed with fat slow fingers that don't do what I tell them to 
@SalioElSol08 lmao ahhh I go crazy when they lock me out!  I can't do it my fingers itch to twitter!
My fonkin fingers hurt 
mommy said i wasn't allowed to have a broken finger as she has enough incapacitated staff 
Aww there's a little cut in my finger and it's effing painful 
i think my finger's infected. fml. no hydrogen peroxyde here 
@FloridaSunSales  please don't make one of them, please don't make me one of them *eyes closed tight and fingers crossed*
my fingers are sooo cold 
and my finger still hurts...  
Oh noooo the wound on my finger is not going to heal now. Pulled and it bleeds momma 
owwww just burnt my finger 
shit! something bit me on the finger! fingers and toes are the worst for itchy bites  nooo
in the afternoon, i hit my foot's finger on the wall. now, the nail is getting purple. i don't know what i need to do, but i'm scared. 
managed to stab my little finger with a glass shard, damn now the muscle in the finger is sore  and inflamed 
burnt my finger 
My left arm is aching from fingertips to elbow. 
cut my finger while looking for my shoes 
i burnt my finger on my straightener, apparently, and now my finger has a bubble. 
Just slammed my finger in the door.  Ouchie.  
owie I have a cut on my finger, stupid razor  kiss it better.?
I got super glue all over my fingers 
can't play the guitar for a while, my fingers hurt a lot 
Has 3 jarred fingers! very sore 
ouch i hurt my fingers 
she would have ripped my finger off! 
I sat on my finger and hurteded it! 
FCCCK!!! i just cut my finger  !!!!!!!!!
http://twitpic.com/65wps - @gheelovesyou, you can't even see them  but my fingers have dents! lol.
burnt my finger via spilling tea like an idiot 
my fingers are crossed and toes and anything else i can cross 
texts with my index finger. I miss my thumb.. 
my finger is so swollen it looks like a sausage... 
Just cross 'cause I'm stuck twiddling my thumbs now, ugh 
@KarenAnn_P i'm so sorry about that  i was really excited about it too! but i might continue posting externally, so fingers crossed!
I burnt my finger on the toaster 
@DeJonGrant I accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk 
@blaqberry I know, me too.  I'm hoping since I got him sesame oil, which he loves, that he'll let it slide. *fingers crossed*
@ddeeaannnnaa89 already did... index finger, left hand... still bleeding, hurts pretty bad. I hate being clumsy 
Ouuchh! I hurt my index finger!! ahhhh 
My fingers hurt 
I think I've got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings 
Fuuuuuuuudgeee I burned my finger with oil! It hurts 
my finger is now pregnant 
@akte a couple of YEARS? I may die without my Kateage.  *keeps fingers crossed for you tho*
i hear tapping on my window, like human finger tapping and I am scared because its dark and can't see anything 
@pinky120281 i hate when i know i need to sleep and cant! lol..always happens you wont sleep good because you know you need to be up 
My finger's starting to hurt from too much knitting. 
My fingers hurt 
my finger still hurts 
ah, I think I just broke my finger...  lol.
just got a blood blister on my finger   
@suziperry soz I did mean tweets, I have sausage fingers 
tsk.. just cut my finger with a knife.. it stings... boohoo.. 
@smoshian predictive text is the devil. but so are stubby fingers 
*hates hoovering*  ...i hurted my finger ...moooo!!
My fingers hurt! 
My finger still hurts 
ouch oven, damn you for being so hot and my inability to use you without somehow harming myself... i totally burned my middle finger 
my fingers hurt. 
I cut my finger 
my finger is bleeding.  i don't like blood. uugh.
@TomFelton I have sun burm on 1 shoulder.. not 2 like a normal person but 1!   I've literally played guitar till my fingers bled 2day! xx
has numb fingers 
my finger is hurting 
Ouch! Just sliced my finger with a razor by accident and it hurts! 
I get an ache down my little finger across the edge of my ahnd when I use the laptop mouse pad too much 
owwwwwwwwwww, I just shut my finger in the door!! 
My fingers look like they're bleeding, I'm horrible with nail polish. 
my pinky keeps on peeling 
accidentally super glued my fingers together 
broke my finger at cheerleading 
burned my finger really bad 
Checking lotto numbers * fingers crossed ! * 
Ouchies. There's something in my finger but i can't see it. It's so sore 
has a sore knuckle and hand.. cant move fingers 
Just left the er with my mom. She had to get stitches in her finger   *~BLESSED~*
I just burned my finger 
My pointer and index finger of my fretboard hand look like 2 bloody puss oozing hot dogs... gonna be another painful night. 
i cut my finger!! and its deep...  http://plurk.com/p/xah7d
is crossing his fingers.. the cavz are looking really bad 
I just shut my finger in the cash drawer 
@digby131  I'll do what works for the kids I work with...I'll blow real hard and maybe it will get to you and your broken finger! ;)
i sliced my finger 
@Kables sad panda  fingers crossed for it all to end soon.
Ouchies I burned my finger burning stuff. 
I'm sooo hot- hard work cooking pancakes &amp; I've burnt the end of one of my fingers, plus slight sunburn. 
I got to be careful while stretching.! I could cut my fingers on the fan (again).! 
my fingers smell of garlic 
cross your fingers and beg for me-have to clean up the whole house  http://bit.ly/zOPRv  lazyyyy
my fingers r sore from playin too much guitar 
and for sure a broke my finger, my foot is hurt 
@nadiachen dang gurl  well... think about it.. it's only june.  my fingers and my toes are crossed for you ;)
I has a cut in my finger 
grated my finger though  with a potato peeler suuuucks
my cat got scared from a noise outside and cut my left thumb and left finger between my middle and pinky  i had to clean it and bandaid it
i just cut my finger  it wont stop bleeding hmph
cut her finger 
I burned the shit out of my finger. 
just burnt her fingers badly 
owww burned my finger 
@amigastu As for the finger, I held 1 side of the pan with oven glove the other without and my finger slipped 
my fingers hurt from pulling weeds  
@Kaylawearsprada lmfao aw thank youuuu. and leave my finger alone!  lol
Because my fingers are bleeding and shias 
My fingers are in bits from guitar  lucky this is touch screen=] as for my fingers they're not touching that guitar for a while!!
its one thing to have a papercut on your finger. But when you get a cut from a blade.. oww 
@natmandu oh no how did u break your finger! 
Motherfucker, I just got a paper cut on my index finger, right on the middle joint. 
i put a safty pin through my finger 
@KiddKraddick aww im so sorry bout ur finger. 
ugh i got a splinter in my finger and i cant get it out 
cut the pad of my finger off last night while slicing cukes  very hurted!
off to the doctor, I go! please cross your fingers that its not strep. 
Is goin nuts over a splinter in her finger 
Ah, shit.  The knuckle on my right middle finger has started slipping again.  I'll straighten the finger out, and then it gets stuck.  
@DanaDigital I sliced open my thumb on one of the pinchers. 
I just burnt my finger on toast!! 
There's gum on my finger 
Just burned my finger on the toaster oven.  
okay, so many people hate me i cant even count them on all my 10 fingers.... or my toes. lovely. 
has a purple finger 
I burned my finger! 
My iron count was low so they are pricking both my fingers... 
i have a huge ugly blister on my finger! 
@slfisher with a pair of pruning shears.  i cut a big chunk off the side of my left index finger 
Really sore throat and glue that I can't get rid of on my fingers  weak.
waiting for my fingers to stop being raw  (just got my guitar back(no calluses left))
My fingers are cold 
My finger is still green from the ring 
@jennettemccurdy sorry about your fingers 
@prettylady81 lOl i can type with the other fingers ! it feels broken  well it did. i popped it and it feels better
i have a splinter on my thumb palm 
@MattReeves17 Wtf it won't let me click the thumbs up button?!  
ew, i have sticky fingers now.. 
@LstInTheSeeThru i know  it hurts to close my finger :l damn you, math worksheet!
I just sliced open my index finger open  dripping blood
finger that had a bigggg splinter still hurts 
Off to hospital to get his fingers looked at. They still look deformed to me 
having a middle finger nail crisis - one chipped and one about to fall off 
I just cut my finger with a knife! It hurts! 
WTF, just lost my ring!! It slipped from my finger and I didn't feel, damn cold turning my fingers slimmer 
my fingers rrrreeeeeaaaaallly hurt 
I think my finger is infected.  
burnt my finger.. again.. do ovens always have to be hot??? 
 my bro bent my finger back  ily.&lt;3
Though they are small papercuts hurt like a mutha.. I got one on my finger 
closed the door on my finger. owwww 
I have hurt my finger very badly 
@lolitariot  !! still crossing my fingers for you.
Is quiet nervous  hopefully it goes well fingers crossed
This misquito bite on my finger got my finger on swole!  it hurtsss! Lol
is watching master chef and has a sore finger 
@LittlePatterson well i hope so but it could still fuck up  getting deposit &amp; referencesso fingers crossed x
i think I may have broken my finger! 
i hurt my finger with a ball 
I cut my index finger and it hurts when I type 
I almost lost my finger to the ceiling fan.. it really hurts. 
It turns out I have a splinter deep in my finger 
we were hoping to be able to announce stuff that we can't  not yet anyway.... we will be able to soon though, we hope! fingers crossed!
palm itches. 
ive burnt my finger and it hurts so bad 
OUCH! just sliced the top of my finger!!! 
My fingers are swollen... 
i busted my pinky finger playing basketball yeseterday. it's swollen and purple and won't bend! hope it's not broken 
@shawser haha i just wish she would reply  fingers crossed...
@33percent keep your finger upwards and put pressure on it.  
i think you sprained my pinky finger. 
oww. burnt my finger 
is still sewing the brooches, only 26 to go,   that's if the fingers hold out... more holes in them than a sieve
cut in 4 fingers while cooking 
cut myself 4 times in my finger while cooking 
pinky toes hurting... owchiee.. 
brr i am cold and my fingers feel frozen. 
@Aimeski I cut my finger, I think cityrail tried to kill me with their trains of sharpness 
hurt her fingers opening the roller door. 
@LoveKeturah nooooo  I'm thinking maybe once we r there we can work our magic (crossing fingers) if he doesn't get back to me...
@redheadedgirl omg. I liked that finger! I mourn your finger. 
I cut my finger open at work today. Such a small cut. On my pinky finger. The smallest things always hurt. 
got a poorly wrist  fingers crossed 4 wed :S
just cut my finger accedently   I guess I'm not that capable to handle a sharp knife after all
marriage is painful - just took a chunk out of my finger with my wedding ring 
Doing laundry 'coz my fingers hurt - I haven't played guitar in a while and have to re-callous my fingers.  
owwww. fried 2 of my fingers! 
i burned my finger.  i didnt know steam was that hot.
@syborgsquid yeahh i even have one on my cheek.  blahh and i just got one on my pinky.
Hips are sore   I have sausage fingers
burnt my finger.. 
Just dislocated little finger playing cricket 
got a blister on my finger 
I feel bad, the one on her finger is particularly bothering her. 
Smashed the shit outta my finger at work...now my finger nail is all black 
My pinky really hurts 
OWWW! Fkccing burnt my thumb! Fkcing bitcccch! 
My fingers smell like fish 
; I cut my wittle finger 
I cut my finger cos i was using a knife backwards 
lost my finger tip to the stove top yesterday 
just got my finger smashed 
Smashed my finger 
i cut my finger 
says jam legend tires my finger out.  http://plurk.com/p/yzua4
my window just ate my fingers 
looks like a c-sec on the cards  have to wait n see what the consultant says when i see him fingers crossed it can b natural
My fingers and toes are all wrinkly from the bath 
@lnlne All I can tell you, is that it doesn't go off your finger even if washed. And that if you're left-handed u put prints everywhere! 
my fingers hurt. 
just touched a 400 degree oven shelf... and my finger hurtsss 
@epicpetwars can you guys make a confirmation for running away? Because sometimes my finger slips to the wrong button 
home now and I just cut my lil pinky finger 
I'm so tired right, but i can't sleep  i'm so nervous about 2morrow *fingers crossed* i hope everything turns out gr8,,,
ahh burnt my finger making breakfast now its driving me crazy 
one of the buttons on my flute is broken. i had to tie it to my finger so it will come up 
blister on my finger due to hot glue gun burn  hurts a LOT!
Ouch i just slIced my finger open  OUCHHHHHHH my whole hang is filled with blood
The entire tip of my index finger is one giant blood blister 
the guy on the comercial gaave me the finger 
my fingers burn from peeling crawfish!! 
I ate a popcicle...now my fingers are reallyyyyy cold 
AAAAAAAAUUUUUUUGGGGHHH spider crawled on my finger while txting 
Ouch. Just burnt my fingers 
still pulling splinters outta my fingers, making it hard to type 
burnt my thumb 
@vesula Cheese grater.  It's my right index finger and it's making it very hard to type!
my fingers are sooo cold 
Hands are so cold that my ring is about to slip off  impractical solution: keep finger bent XD
dislocated my pinky finger!  owie.
@LdyDisney *sticks fingers in ears* I can't hear you! Lalalalala... I haven't read them.  He's a great character, I'd be sad if we lost hi
@goodinparts that's awful  I'm so glad my community isn't like that. *fingers crossed* I never move anywhere that is!
@twinkle47 Fish fingers in the oven, poor sad old fish fingers that no one wants 
i dont know what can do (: i hurt my finger 
ee, my fingers feel horrible because i superglued them together before 
owwcchh finger cramp 
a bruised pinkie makes it incredibly annoying to use the modifier keys 
i've broken my finger 
my finger feels like i broke it 
My finger hurts  I cut it on my guitar string...and still have to play *sob* #squarespace
@adrian_arevalo I dont know   I need to put my licence plate on the website and cross my fingers!
I have an infected finger. It's all burny and ouchy.  *pouts*
@glorianatheband oooooh eek , crosses fingers for you guys! 
eeek, fingers too cold to type properly 
@ickypants No telling. I'm crossing my fingers, I miss you tragically. 
@batarde  not my intention, I promise! Haha we should go get our fingers measured together so that we're not losers!
@sleslicountmein wtf. &amp; i've always wanted to get a tattoo on my palm right below my thumb, but i don't think i could handle it. 
my fingers 
My fingers hurt 
finger cramppppppp! ow!! 
if i were you. i would cut all my fingers badly . 
my fingers r really num.. 
#haveyouever wished you kept your finger out of the pie 
is not looking forward to friday...fingers crossed all goes well, i HATE cancer 
@maximumswearing my fingertips are sore 
and cut my finger 
burnt my thumb on the toaster 
I smashed my finger almost two hours ago. It is still throbbing  i hate my finger right now.
painting fingers and toes..toes separator thing..SOREEE 
I want my palm now 
I ripped half of one of my finger nails off yesterday, and now it's bleeding again  yummmm.
@marcod1419 I got banned before... :O And I PMED him... I should get an answer back any second now....  *crosses fingers*
just broke my finger... owww 
ouch burnt my finger with my chi 
My finger has a scratch in it. 
have a band-aid on my finger &amp; can't type well 
ouch! i just burned my finger so bad 
My bad for that last tweet, finger slipped 
has a thorn stuck in her finger 
F*** it's freezing...i can barely move my fingers...just want to curl up in fron tof heater with my book 
I broke two dishes :/..I cut my finger 
Wants to know how long it actually takes for a broken finger to heal 
i think i broke my finger 
my finger has boo-boo... 
The nail on my left middle finger ripped off during my shower.  
why does my finger still hurt,even though it's already swollen 
my ring finger just scratched.. its hurt 
ha lol ... today i sewed my finger :p..... it hurt  , luckily i didnt get blood on the pillow i was sewing !!
i burnt my finger  i forgot that the bottom of the pan usually gets hot after cooking...
I think ive broke my finger  urgh off to a&amp;e :'(
burned my finger... 
finger is hurtin  x
i have jammed my finger in the door.  ouch!!
is sad that i broke my finger 
hiks....my finger got be squeezed by drawer....now i must type with 9 fingers....huhuhuhu 
has a swollen finger, not sure why 
My finger is still sooo sore   
which got broken because I accidently knocked the unpause button before my finger was on accellerate 
http://twitpic.com/7ms0x - I think @DonnieWahlberg accidentally gave me the finger.   lol
http://twitpic.com/7mxkv - I stuck my wet finger in the toaster!  owwy owwy owwy
brain zaps from withdraw... and tingly fingers... 
@marcoe1419 I just slammed my to fingers in the door.... really hurts....  *cries in pain*
says my ring finger is a little swollen  always happens when I go out for a walk. http://plurk.com/p/11pvic
fingers are about to fall off, 
fingers are about to fall off, because of all this writing 
My fingers still hurt... 
What in the world are you supposed to do with a swollen finger? I can't write like this... 
Oh, my fingers hurt... 
i just droped my lap top try ed to catch it and cut my finger now im bleeding 
I just burned six fingers with my flat iron 
My fingers have blisters all over them 
paper cut on my thumb = oww  .. i nvr noticed how much i use my thumb!
@obey_lvr well I meant here but my fingers have dyslexia 
my fingers are cut up from picking blueberries earlier  ouchies..xx
I burnt my fingers on the straightener  ow....
cut my finger  ouch!
@lyrehs me tooo  is your finger okay?
Something bit me last night and now my index finger is swollen. 
@MartinLewis77 I can see it now, sipping tea, with the little finger sticking out and everything - you're clearly too posh for me 
Home...studying again....fingers so sore! 
I burned my finger 
just burned my finger. and my kitchen timer is broken 
i burned my finger!!  sheesh that hurt &amp;&amp; it brought back nightmares from sugar class when i burnt all 10 of my finger tips off..
@owlcity weird you posted this, cause i just accidently bit my finger  hahaha
has cheesy fingers.   
my finger is swollen. 
@Edisonneil its hard, and my fingers can't stretch that far  I bet you can tho.
@dianedisco I can't do that, ever D: or crack my neck, or snap my fingers... BUT! once i did crack my knuckles, but it was by accident 
cut my palm wid a knife  
*my fingers are hurting from so much guitaring 
if its too small for my machine, its too small for me. my fingers hurt, and not from needle pricks. 
I burnt my fingers 
@LizzyBorden6 I have the new sidekick and the keyboard hurts my fingers   it sucks.
@babycourt even through it with was my fault my finger is still bleeding! 
... my fingers are stuck in the handle of my cup... 
You know when you've grown up - hula hoops don't fit on your fingers anymore 
I hurt my finger. It's painful  
I've been writing so much that my fingers hurt 
 ive broke my finger!!!
@dangerdee let me cut you fingers off  so sad, if she gets out she'll be totally defenseless try spraying with water
@MyCheMicALmuse I'm so feeling this #followfriday in my hit-the-followbutton-finger! 
@plantarotaria too late i burned my skinny fingers 
Working on tommy's car. He pinched my finger  oww
Just got my finger fat Haha squeezed by a bottle and cork 
sliced my finger open on a knife while doin dishes. real deep. i was bleedin for the past 20 minutes. it hurts 
my sisters kitten is crazy! it attacks anything that moves lol even my finger when i was asleep lol :@ made me bleed it did lol 
@jesticulate I was putting on a shirt, dropped it, tried to grab it, smacked one side with my fingers.  
My finger still hurts. 
my finger still hurting me  
#dontyouhate when the guy you feel like you are meant to be with slips through your fingers  I'll miss you &lt;3
My fingers are cramped from crossing them for so long.  
I burnt my finger in hot chocolate. 
Cooking after 2.5months had me being a clutz with the knife - 2 cuts each on finger &amp; thumb   yikes..bleeding not stopping
slide to unlock is different with 3.0: you MUST keep your finger on the slider to unlock now. no more finger tricks to unlock 
cut my finger 
just ran into the wall. it hurt. and my finger is missing skin now 
my finger still hurt 
my finger is really really sore 
Ouch, my fingers are sore from making jewellery 
I just burnt my finger on my straightener 
My knuckles hurt 
even my fingers hurt 
I've just cut my finger 
i cut my finger..and it hurts!  ouchhhhh!
I think I broke my finger this morning. I think I am going to lose my nail at least.. 
My knuckles hurt 
my fingers have been numb since noon   why would that be?
You know it's hot when you burn your finger rolling down the window 
just made pop corn. but burnt my finger 
A bee stung me - in the finger! It's so swollen that I don't have a fingerprint. 
Plastic aida results in ouchies for my fingers 
I burnt my finger on da stove 
@kittenfluffies oh no!  i know that feeling, i still have it for mcclane. fingers crossed!
My fingers still hurt 
My finger 
I just cut my finger with scissors. I'm a klutze! Owwww 
i burnt my finger 
burnt my finger. 
jarred my finger, and cant find my finger splint 
I did something to my hand. I can't move my index finger, it hurts up to my elbow, &amp; it's all swelled up. It hurts so bad 
my fingers are all taped up and i cant type properly 
@colbsi i'll keep my fingers crossed 
i have sore pinkies from typing 
oowww, my fingers hurt. they have blisters on them. 
my kitteh fluffles just sliced my finger 
@colettegaskins Thanks 4 shuting my finger in the door. Now it's broke. 
Cutting potatoes, sliced my finger...blood everywhere...picnic canceled 
@summeroxlovee @sfabsx wow playing 10 fingers without me!?  I wana play
damn drawer is still stuck  sister comes over to help.. keep your fingers crossed. lol
got a splinter in my finger and i cant get it out!! 
My ring finger has swollen, might have to have my wedding and engagement rings cut off  fb#
Ouchh burnt my finger on my straightner 
i burned my finger really badly at the bux today. it started to bleed instantly and now is a big white blister.   it hurts
and i'll never get a ring on my finger  fml
http://twitpic.com/84to9 - I think this finger just isnt meant to be. 
keep forgetting about the papercut between my thumb and finger  owieee
burnt my finger 
And my finger still hurts, there is a peice missing off the end 
burnt my finger on my straighteners this morning 
It official - my finger is broken 
My fingers are killing from the guitar!  painful times!!
i cant do this  tweet later, i need to walk .. fingers crossed it doesnt rainn!
Ouch ouch ouch scalded my finger n it knackin 
@RickyRobi fingers crossed it won't be as bad as mine, lol  very ashamed I am
i think i've broken my finger 
Something is wrong with my dog.  I can't put my finger on it, but he's not right...  #fb
I just burnt my finger  ouch!
@AmyleeEdith he glared at me in the mirror as he was merging! then i beeped and he gave me the finger. what an asshole. i should complain 
i think i broke my finger. 
Just scraped off my whole finger dunking in basketball  http://mypict.me/5hCX
I burnt my finger on the stove 
My rylah rose just squished her finger 
I just got two blisters on my left pinky and ring finger. 
I jammed a finger pillowfighting. 
broken finger   but braces off !!!!
can no longer move my finger 
@xLeonieLeix yeah, fingers crossed.  I am starting to have my doubts whether it will actually happen though, it's been delayed so much  xx
@tommcfly http://yfrog.com/3y99qj - i have that guitar aswell! except my fingers cant fit round the neck 
ow! I  just managed to scratch my finger! 
ARRGH! no more guitar for a few days.. cut my little finger while attempting to slide it along the entire length of the neck.. 
OUCH! I just cut my finger with a bread knife 
@rattis cutting an avocado, tried to stab pit 2 remove, knife went straight through  &amp; sliced finger.  
urg just got upset at yet another shiney finger 
@ThinkingINcolor sigh i think i'm going to. i've already started eating my fingers though 
burnt my fingers while preparing lunch 
@xQuietStormx lol. is your finger still hurting 
@laura_lacrosse. I have a cut in my finger  but i'm okay
burnt my finger on the oven 
plus, bucket kitty needs her next tablet. should I count my fingers now?...or after...?? 
kelli i hope dylan has his finger on.  and ilytoo
@veganza Congratulations! Wishing you a speedy recovery and the joy of baby iron-clasp-ed grip on your pinkie finger 
@holyschmoke fingers are firmly crossed for you, any advice, give me a shout 
@mutairy  ebil but i have  butter fingers 
got himself into something interesting...would be challenging but keeping fingers crossed 
@shanegibson fingers crossed 
@shellieartist yay for green fingers. 
@thebigoptimist fingers crossed 
@ILUVNKOTB he could put this lips &amp; fingers in....NEVERMIND! 
@dtm3dd despite using all my telecomputing mental power ... I can't seem to help you. At least I keep my fingers crossed for you 
@sortingtrolley uncross those fingers.... is a slwa issue - not ours 
@MsTeagan I AM marrying you.  Not just planning it silly.  I wouldn't have this ring finger tattoo if I wasn't.  I do keep my word 
@greasytators looks like you've had them all   still haven't undergone the surgeon's knife &lt;cross fingers&gt;
Thanks 4 #followfriday Kelly ! @kcarpentier77 my mid mouse finger meeps     . . .meepmeep
Sometimes my fingers move faster than my mind...  
@not_knocked_up I'm all for the puppy, but I'll still keep my fingers crossed for you. 
@sallythomsett well i wish you all the very best and fingers round 
@PowerEvents i have my fingers crossed for you 
@supercoolkp haha! At least it wasn't my finger on my lip again  
@TalindaB Kepping my fingers crossed he sleeps trough it 
fingers crossed they agree cos if they do i can go to jonas premiereee 
@mooshinindy fingers crossed 
pep hot pox.. finger lickin good 
@lmchugh fingers crossed for you.  
@rustyrockets et's genitals are in his magic glowing finger 
@lyndons think yourself lucky!  I also broke  all my fingers at school when a window sash broke with my fingers like pancakes on the sill 
per @ttorrent dew claw = thumb nub 
@nuttychris I've gor my fingers crossed for you #TwitterTakeover 
i have cheesy fingers now! brb, getting a j2o 
my fingers are burning and have another blister but i can play three new Cash songs so it was worth it 
I actually saw mum pick up (with her fingers no less) a rib bone and gnaw the meat off it!  LOL it was special!  
--&gt; @suziam same with me  *fingers crossed*
@justineville yeah, just really crossing my fingers it pulls thru. 
my fingers are dancing all over the piano 
@lindadominique you have more fashion sense in your little finger then I can ever hope to have 
@talimack fingers crossed for you 
I've decided that I have retarded fingers 
@floatr *So he says with his fingers crossed behind his back* 
rooting for deccan. fingers crossed! 
real update now  breakfast is downstairs and i am fairly sure i smell french toast. i win if dad made enough for me? fingers crossed...
@popcorn44 I say we pray &amp; cross our fingers for 1 &amp; maybe if we get lucky there will be 2.. but 1 would be just fine 
@jpetroroy it's going to be a madhouse but fingers (&amp; toes) crossed that they pull it off. 
is home, just cleaned upstairs and put a bandaid on because my finger nail split a bit to low and I dont want to rip it off!! 
@MegCanada does it come with a bumper so you don't run it into/over your fingertips? 
@tearn hey whadja do with that pointing finger?  had to look at who this was and then realized, you're the finger person!
they fall through your fingers in flakes... 
heineken @fingerscale =&gt; instead of on strings, put your fingers on the keyboard and update 
@netta50 Haha wow. Who twiddles their thumbs anymore? 
@jezziebeth What are you crossing your fingers for?  I mean, mine are crossed for you, but why am I crossing them?  haha.  
this could either go really well or really badly! fingers crossed i do well 
@tzatz i wish, i hope, i cross my fingers @congiannoulis it's the glass crazy boy @AkouAuto that's funny 
@sammy_boy fingers crossed it buckets it down before you get their 
@AceMas21 *fingers crossed*  x
@indywoodFILMS thank you!! ill do exactly the same for you!! ill keep my fingers crosses for you! keep going  .x.X.x.
two interviews - cross your fingers for me  
@franksting yeah, i don't know what my fingers were thinking - dirtier than i am apparently.. 
@PinkBerryGirl \\i'll cross my fingers for u too! 
@ilovedannyjones well thanks  i rather like yours. specially your pinky ;D
@KYLESAYS What, that you missed the other two fingers? 
@MANIFESTphoto ouch, ice those jazz fingers, don't worry, your show will be awesome regardless *2 burnt thumbs up* 
@jamieandlouise fingers crossed its under the ten for you 
@EmeraldDiscount fingers crossed!  I am sure it will go completely fine!
@monicaharris How about fingers &amp; toes! 
