Most common words for this cluster:
[('first', 718), ('day', 220), ('time', 126), ('today', 53), ('summer', 43), ('quot', 41), ('work', 39), ('school', 36), ('week', 35), ('http', 31), ('second', 29), ('tomorrow', 27)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'First', 0.9883741736412048), (u'Second', 0.7167773246765137), (u'Third', 0.638279378414154), (u'FIrst', 0.5920535326004028), (u'Fifth', 0.5696983337402344), (u'1st', 0.5169878005981445), (u'Thrid', 0.5102240443229675), (u'Tenth', 0.5021683573722839), (u'Fourth', 0.5017701983451843), (u'Eighth', 0.48027342557907104)]





Why is everything biting me?  First the hamster, now the cat 
My baby girl is under the weather - First time - feeling bad for her 
Back to work     So much to do; First thing, fight through this mountain of e-mails
First time ever that gmail chat craps out on me 
First time to go negative in my bank account!!  i am not a happy camper!! what was i thinking!
@Cdavis The Milwaukee Iron.  First year 'expansion team' from what I hear.  They lost...   I didn't realize it was still around either.
Ugh. Second night in a row that I sleep for only three or four hours. This hurts. 
First semi-serious tennis session this morning. Worked up a proper sweat... Still a bit too windy to play properly though 
First there was no milk for cereal. Then I saw no more bananas. Made some toast, and dropped it on the floor on the way to my mouth. 
First store on record store day was ok...got the smiths 7&quot; and slayer 7&quot;. They didn't even get the gaslight 10&quot; in 
First Breaks almost over!!! Awww!! 
First Sangria pitcher of the season steeping in the fridge! I will have to share it tho 
First set done, my heads not into it. Brother sounds good but he keeps looking over like he's worried about me. 
First really nice full day of the year we were outside most of the day! Kids have sunburns.  that was one thing I was not thinking about.
Recording The Rules this morning in London. First overseas recording. First recording without @RhyllaM 
@ianshepherd First of many no doubt 
@Helenyme aaawww poor thing. First Princess and now your fishy. 
Urgh it's too early but i have so much hw to do.  First things first: off to church.
First day back to work sucks big time! 
Finally got intarbutts at my house. Within the first hour I got a virus. First one in years  #malwarebytes
Sleeping at my dad's house tonight since Master has to wake up early.  First time we've slept apart in a long time.  
First day back at work after two weeks off. I think I'm still jet lagged too 
First 5 day working week in awhile.... never going to make it 
First day back at work after a weeks break. Am I looking forward to it, well what do you think ? 
First day back at college 
Just my luck! First day of holiday and I've woke up full of cold. 
First day back at school, this happy holiday has really shown how unhappy i an at this school  gutted.
First day back at work  and it's very tedious waiting for a data conversion to go through
First #Tweetie bug for me... cant add another account get an authentication error 
Holy god. Giving up smoking was the worst idea ever. First time I've been serious about it. I think I'm gonna cry again haha. Urgh. 
First day back to class. 
First day back for me tomorrow 
First day of school was ........ 
At school  First day back from Spring Break :/
@Sockseii can't remember if I replied! Aww ano, 2 weeks went by quickly! First day back &amp; I'm off ill  mcfly in... 5 days :O
First day back at school 
First election year that I'm going to have a holiday on voting day. Quite sad about that  I miss the campaigning...
Trying to understand this Twitter thing, First Timer any1 help 
First friday breaking the tradition. I miss having dinner and watching movies with them.  i need a drink!
First fridays and its really hot out 
I have to go to work today  First time in  a fortnight - oh well need to pay for all the make up I bought!
It's confirmed..my Sadie has lymphoma  First day of chemo today..How am I going to handle losing my best friend????
@PumpkinPeazy haha.First time i actually though it too .But Nowadays they aren't twittering too much  lol.The reason album recording 
Last Drill. Second to last day in uniform. 
booo! can't go to @innocentdrinks AGM as clashes with Teach First SPLiC Summit 
Full day at computer catching up on photo work. Lots of it. 3 shoots &amp; an album. First, lumpy cheddar grits, got cheap stone ground meal. 
First electric car 1839......solar powered car 1981. And we still pump gas 
First time giving the antibiotic didn't go well.  She also cut her nose on the cage they had her in, trying to get out.    My poor baby.
Having had a First Hand experience being an outsider makes me eligible to rate the Updates. Its hard for an outsider to catch up  #bck5
Studying now...Steups...First Class Honors left my house this morning. He left a note on the side table saying I wasn't god enough 
did just eat grilled. First time of this year, couldn't eat so much thought. my mouth -.- 
Just found out my BroInLaw lost his job last week. First person I know affected by financial crisis. That sucks! 
First things first. But as of today, all are first things 
First exam TOMORROW! Bank holiday today and I have to spend it  studying  ah well.
@taylormcfly First ones a week today and its chemistry  Good luck !
Aw. First time I've actually been sad I dont have more time here.  xoxo M
First time I've seen SWGas post a LV opening. But it requires much experience I don't have. Sigh. Different site, same story. 
Is not having a good weekend for breaking things! First the PCI Wireless adapter dies - now my N96 
First mom's day without my mom... 
My last service at First Pres for a long time 
First coat of paint is done! My stomach is still really growly and churning, I don't like it 
First round of finals tomorrow... Wish me luck! I'm gonna need it 
Morning all. First dull day for a while 
First traffic jam already 
that was a scary panic attack to wake up to!  First one ever 
First day of study leave shame that I have to study 
First time in a while I've slepted horribly 
First pay with higher deductions applied - haven't been this poor for years. Screw the government, I want me monies back!! 
First exam a week today-i have soooo much to learn 
Up and at 'em - gotta get the car into the shop by 7:00 A.M. and ride my bike back.  Second time in traffic since my accident in 2003!  
First day of my period aaahk ,, stomach colicky 
First my certificate expired. Then it took me almost an hour to figure out that profiles can no longer have wildcards in them. 
Another crazy night! First night I had to turn Down a party!  check Takeaflick.com by noon we hit empire hotel, strata, duvet, &amp; raddison!
First drop. Soaked to the bone already  http://bit.ly/11qQIi
First night by myself. Not excited. 
I just ran over a bird!!  First killing on the road...but really, stupid bird, really? I was going 35 mph!!!!! Sheesh...
First day of work with pink eye! Wish me luckkkk 
Final tabled the 70k nightly on stars. Out in 9nth to a brutal river. First was 12 k I got 1 
First game back - http://bit.ly/1198sf  - I got betrayed 
startin to rain ... Over here.... First time in 2 weeks.  
@inctoday Reason I ask is b/c I'm one of the 108. Gov Daniels office has not been very helpful. First time in my life for unemployment. 
First shift back at maccy d's...losing the will to live already! 
First day at my new job. Pretty nervous. I also just slammed the car door on my foot 
First day back at work after a week off.  Fighting today, fell a few times spiritually me thinks but hey..c'est la vie, forwards we go.
Just decided to watch Angels &amp; Demons tomorrow. Second Chance on that one. First one didn't work very well on me... btw. Hungry 
First day new office. Fighting over desks  always find this sort of thing too stressful 
@geekinbrian &amp; @therell First game back(Halo 2) - http://bit.ly/1198sf  - I got betrayed 
First day of work 
First test of the day is over! Now I have to study for one more today! I hate this 24 hour quiet hours! No music 
First time at twitter I feel like a virgin 
I cut myself this morning when shaving  First time in i dont't even remember. Il felt like a beginner. Some wrong with the razorbalde!
Bad Start... First I got stuck with usernames . every one of them was taken. Then I had to kill my damselfly. 
I am too lazy to go out.  First time.
First bloody nose of nose of the season 
Then a rape dream!!! Wow!!! Those both were no bueno! First my bro has a death dream about me and then I have one a week later! 
First day of summer vacation......colin was up at 7:00. Figures. 
MS ads should make use of the fact that so many people have to use the genius bar. First forced reboot of the day for me 
@Ashleybird Oh. I so miss the Starlite in Durham.  First it burnt down, years to rebuild, then owner died.  Sitting there unused. 
First day of Project Period, no weekend for me 
: It's one thing after another. First, my father's in the hospital, and now... my cousin is, too. 
What a fuckin day.. First day off summer school tomorrow and I have to go to the doctors.. Damn it 
watching First 48...wanted to go out but im all scatterbrained 
watching the First 48 until i get sleepy!! Nothing special to do tomorrow!! 
@GordonDiggs First, what is Internet Week Yoga? Second, Ellie and I agree that it's poor timing that I'm here now and you're here Monday. 
@purelynarcotic Yep  First of all you only get it in a can here and not from the tap and they dont even carry that!
First mosquito bite of the summer. 
First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )
I got a giant splinter stuck up underneath my finger nail today at Muppets...it hurt.  But I got to go to First Aid for the first time!
First impression of Silverlight: sadly, based on what I saw today, it's quite problematic 
First my work computer, now my home laptop is fucked.  
First time I'm going home early  sucks to b single no one to call
@albamayo...I just posted my First video... A contest entry and my still is terrible too  boo...luv ur videos btw. Xxxrebelrebelxxx
My hair looks really bad  First thing I'm doing is washing it when I get home.
First time in my live that i got a little pop up on the taskbar saying that one of my files was corrupt and I needed to run chkdisk 
First Natalie and now little Holly. This is mean 
First fail, cant tweet from phone. Oh how I love my work phone 
Jumped on a train to visit or rescue my mom. Totally forgot my sweatshirt  And forgot to bring my make up! First time ever forgetting :/
First sports banquet without katie 
First plays done i missed a cue  ~TaylorLautner~
Poo. I have to go to work tomorrow ... good night all! Last day for teachers. First day of my summer schedule. 
First day of freedom, missing my friends already, for in fact I don't see them as students, but as friends. 
awww i hate look sad my frieeeends! First Marien&amp;theen Chioo  you'll put me sad toooo!
@MarisaHalim ok thanks,cha. First period selalu merepotkan  http://myloc.me/248w
First birthday wish from [not so] old old booty call, the second from an ex boyfriend. That can't be good 
Iphone system restore not looking good  First tears staring to form sniffle sniffle
First argument with my new bf  its always bad....
Morning tweeps! Third morning in a row I've woken with a headache 
Home with this week's bounty from the farmer's market. First pattypan squash of the season ! But still no baby limas  Maybe next week.
And ... First year of university comes to an end 
Why are computers and technology hating on me so bad. First 3 years of art. Now 7 months of email?!? Technology and I used to buds. 
Gonna get re-certified in CPR and First Aid today...FUN!!! 
Weekend First upgrade on the train o/ shame the 3g signal is so bad 
No more asparagus at the farmers' market     First strawberries, though.
First encounter with yogurt = not one of my new favorite foods 
Getting &quot;service unavailable&quot; for FriendFeed... First time I've seen it down. 
First hot weekend of the year and I'm smothering with a cold 
All new Pushing Daisies tonight!!  First of the final three 
First day of work = rockin'! Flat tire on the way home =not so rockin' ... 
First game of the day lost   no subs yet again.
First fight is under way, heavyweight bout. Barely anyone here, is boxing dying? 
First injury of the season.. 
First, I broke my brand new eye shadow... Freaken crap!!! And now, I just broke my good brush... Seriously wtf?!? Ugh!!!!!! 
Is sad  First and last NIN concert for me.... Wonder where they are playing tomorrow?
@GoldCoastDiva First the Nuggets, now the Cavaliers! Aww man... 
@GoldCoastDiva @GoldCoastDiva First the Nuggets, now the Cavaliers! Aww man... 
@PreciousPinks First time being broken hearted  but I will be ok
First day off today and its the last day of the month 
Watching E.T.  First time I have watched the whole movie...Don't hate me 
@Wills_ Hey baby, I had to make a new twitter @MrGaGa got Suspended  this is my &quot;First tweet&quot; hahahaha
@littlebead bugger them, I'm hungry, and now officially doing Weight Watchers - ulp! First time I've been on a diet, but had to be done 
First twit frm perth. It got dark at 5.30pm. It's x yet 9pm but body feels like it 11.30pm  Sleeping with Adam tonight *wink*
After church, I can't wait to plant all the flowers I bought yesterday. First though I must cut the lawn    3 WW pts 
First they delay the chat support then they have a new shift bid where my last shift was no longer an option 
First morning of fishing was beyond not successful 
@Jetlagjen LOL - I'm getting ready for major house clean today!!  First it's coffee and pastry then toilet bowl scrubbing.  
@tacticalchaos Unfortunately, it looks like I won't get to hit anything this summer. First time since 98 I won't be at Pittsburgh 
Even though I left school before half term, I have to go in tomorrow for a revision session. First thing. Sucks to be me 
Going to a picnic with the fam. First have to get the bubbles out of Xander's belly  poor guy is screaming
First ever in the world to try food at @FuegoMundo!!  @sbeckham will get a burger  http://twitpic.com/6ccn9
Church time. First time this summer without my friends. 
First time I've ever gotten queued for launchpad builds.  54 minutes to build start 
@kamiNcali First heard from you. Crazy idiots 
Ugh, even my blogroll is empty. First whisky and then the internet 
First time in WEEKS my tv's fixed and there's nothing on 
About to go to bed. Well, shower first, but then bed. First formation at 5am. *sigh* I miss my husband dearly. 
First night in my own bed in a week-and still there is a bed I would much rather be in tonight.   No fun.
First day of winter! 
First day of winter today  If it wasn't for the icy temps, the lack of sunlight, and frost on my windscreen, I'd have never known!
First exam in two years today... Wish me luck - I need it. 
First rule of building trade.. Never rely on client to make you drinks. Lesson not learnt.. 
First ever visit to Northern general. Cheers for the sympathy @moochoo and @theiBlog. I'm low priority harumph 
... First try through past paper, got 69%  that's 1 % off a b. Grr.
First day back at school is very boring, damn it.....just got given prep.   
First day at work for 10 days. Walked into so many stupid problems that shouldn't have happened last week. Not happy 
First day of summer swim team and I see lightning... 
First day back to work in 2 weeks More :-l than 
Is suprised by the looks of the First Airbus A330 crash in history 
First day back at work in 10 weeks...  I will miss my boys
First day of work 
Guh. First day back to work and I've got that post-travel sickness I always have. 
Today is going to be a joke  First day that we have to charge 5 cents for each big.  I am wondering how many times I get screamed at!!!!
First trip to the gym in over a week...and it hurts...ouch...why can't getting skinny and fit be easier 
First day of work and my car is over heating... Great 
First twitter message. I want to return to Japan. 
First week of summer and i'm working a cheerleading camp.. Woo hoo 
First day of work in Pitt and I have no access to anything 
First day back at work.  Would rather be with my boy.  
First day of summer classes  French III in 5.5 weeks...yikes!!!
First day of work after 9 days off 
First day of classes... I have a headache 
First night in Haight apt...no sleep  that's the thing with moving I suppose
First day of work today. Gotta be there at 4 which means I'll only be working 4 hours tops cause I told her I can't work past 8 
First day of organic chem hell .. Booo 
I can't wait for nest weekend already. First I have to get through the week 
First day of summer school 
First wedding was on the beach - I had to use shells to dig holes to stabilize the speakers, which was fun.  I got sun burned 
About to whoop my bro is some cards. First summer basketball league game tonight. I will be throwing up from nervousness.  i am shoot ...
@QueenofScots67 First time the little bugger has ever bitten me 
@drdebs First headline on  my google feed. Just terrible 
First day at Cisco...no more free sodas soon 
First day working at intel and I'm exhausted. 
A badger just ran across the road in front of me. First badger i've seen in daylight in ages. Didn't have time for a pic 
First time I've taken the train from work to Northwich - an hour and a bit for a 20m journey by car 
First day of Hurricane Season is today  . http://bit.ly/250wF
First McCafe experience: my Mocha had absolutely no chocolate taste 
sad that everyone leaves  First, Galh (@glhrsh88) and then Lital 
@Tuckle  First, let me give you a hug. Next, I direct you here: http://tinyurl.com/l8ewmb &amp; Finally, I give you a shotgun. For uh, stuff.
First day of summer classes and already have homework.  summer school blows.
First spam e-mail to my mac e-mail.  ...and it's a hentai spam :/
@lapisverde hugs for you! I also need therapy. Second day after what happened, and I still wake up with a sinking feeling in my stomach. 
First night of bowling league went well.  Bowled a 183-204-193....193 average over all!  Just missed the 600 series mark!  
First drink tonight 
First mosquito bite of the year... 
Noo I have 2 get up in a second. First early morning in ages :o  lol
First thing - good morning. Second thing - so much #e3 news. Kid in a candy store right here. Third thing - still no new Twitter pic 
First thing to do on this beautiful day......wash the pots and hang the washing out! 
@coachburk  First try doing it in firefox. If it's still a prob please email support: http://www.wix.com/about/contact-us
Yummy the last bite of a particularly nice corned beef sandwich seems to have mould on it. Why is it the last bite? First bite too? 
Finally he's back, was so excited to see him. First kiss was like the best kiss in my life. But why am I so afraid? 
First day of school is disappointing, why? my bestfriend and i were put on seperate classr0oms, 
First time making kaastengels.. Kurang asiiiinnnn 
First scratch on my phone!  sad day!!
Woke up to someone going crazy on their car horn. First thought &quot;omg the #canucks scored&quot; 
First 20 minutes of UP were amazing.. The rest was dumb though.  
First day out of school.... and I'm already out of things to do. 
My mom wanted EVEN my name to come up &quot;First&quot; but then I end up showing &quot;first&quot; in all deliquency lists 
First day is around the corner o_o  :-&lt;
First case of swine flu in Ukraine 
First time here - insomia 
First exam today.. ARRRGGGHHHH! Stress 
Ahhhh! First lightening! I knew the thunder was getting louder! Aww the puppies are so scared. 
@jimpeel the api is pretty useful as well. First time i used it I had to write my own!!!  load easier to use with HTML opposed to flash
First night back at the gym in a week and the cleaner is blowing dust EVERYWHERE 
typical! First sign of not perfect weather and the trains run late! And I wore sensible shoes to overcome miscalculation today 
@Swatee Teach First... working solid! missing out on so many great festivals and things  Really wanted to go to Resurgance weekend
can't vote tomorrow didn't change electoral role quick enough.  First time I'll have missed voting in an election 
First day of summer school! Class till 1230. Wish I could go to the pool after but my apartment sucks and STILL hasn't opened it. 
@IAmMikki @dotnetcowboy @peterjohnston First go at playing Sims - iPhone crashed after nearly every operation 
@dwarfland monitor calibration? Don't need that by now. First: A better cam. But that's expensive 
First my phone, now my pc WTF man, I just lost all my data  I hate technology...
First general session t'was decleard - Larry Ellison had the most toys and wins 
First general session t'was declared that Larry Ellison has the most toys and wins 
First year of uni is over, went far too quickly 
First broken bone at 33! Of course it had to be my foot which means I won't be able to wear wonderful new heels anytime soon 
First major #iphonefail since day one. lost loads of apps 
has a headache and can't focus on her math notes. First final tomorrow 
rt: @KamikazeKitty There is no way #DavidCarradine killed himself. Just... No way! First #BruceLee, then #BrandonLee, now this?  *Sighs*
First day out of school and my poor kid woke up sick 
First day of finals Ahhhhhhhhhhh 
First #StudentLoan payment was sent today  Why am I going back to school for more debt? LOL The price of education I tell you!!
First day back to work... What a drag  
First day of finals and i'm already struggling 
First generation guy has died  Started out 2nd generation now! (Virtual Families talk lol)
First house done. Dogs bit my ear  next house!
First day of the summer and i can't find anything to do no job no school no money no food no gas nothing good tv  blah!!
First jumper of the year. How many river suicides this summer I wonder. Last year was about one a week 
@First_lady22 LOL, well when your contract with EA up? im trying sign you long term haha, im in Delaware 
First week of exams down...one and a half more to go! 
Gonna miss out on First Fridays 
Fifth wheel and really bored.. What should i do? 
Someone just sent me a message about coming out in Iraq.  First of all, love that he is watching from there, also, sad story 
Lame mom + baby = not so exciting First Friday 
First Reds game, thought they were going to rally...such a buzz kill 
First day of summer is over. Starting to sink in is the fact that my girlfriend time has been severely limited 
First I deleted off the pics n vids, now I dropped my cam on the hard solid pavement. Now it's kaput 
First and hopefully only fender bender in LA just happened. People please don't run stop signs 
@ComcastSteve I guess there is an outage in my area? Second time in as many weeks and it's been over 24 hours 
First exam over 
@gautamghosh Second case saw the light of the day within two months. Not sure how many such companies operate here 
First thing's first. Force myself to put my stockings on. I hate looking at my bed because it's got a cocoon of my doona, so warm &amp; cosy 
First kickboxing in ages yesterday: awesome! Entire body in pain this morning: not so 
JUNE 15: First day of fucking classes. 
Kobe is crying... First night downstairs... 
@onewmphoto First the Russians interrogate you, now this- NKR must be looking like the safe place to go by now... 
First flat tyre on his baby  http://mypict.me/2MTq
First nice day in NYC, thinking of going for a run if I can drag the boy off the couch to join me - wish the METS were in town 
First scratch on my blackberry 
Looking forward to finishing work for the day and heading off to Smithfield Nocturne. First year I'm not riding at it though 
Went walking today. First exercise I have had in months and now I have blisters on my feet.! 
First day at the pool - charring my very white skin   Maybe I'm really reflecting - blinding all around me - can't tell yet...
First update on new twitter, i only have one follower now though!  baaad times!
so today hasn't started off all that great.  First we oversleep and now I have a knot in my back that I just can't get worked out. 
First twitter in days!! Ummmmmmmm.......I have fat fingers   Lol
In a day and a half I'll be 39. Where'd all the time go? First birthday without my parents. Oh how I miss them 
@mhictire Yeah it was &quot;cute&quot; but not great. I'll probably try out a another episode. First one didn't wow me. 
Cms class of 2009! First one to graduate without senior exams, damn swine flu couldn't you wait for 2013 
Eating a philly chstk on my break. First meal of the day 
Just got a palm pre. First website I visit http://fora.tv/ sign in, click a program, no flash warning  But click download and it worked!!
Southwest flight delayed for an hour and a half! Second time this week, not so good! 
I think I found a bug in the pocket wizard FlexTT5/MiniTT1.. Second Curtain never fires just before the shutter closes  #photog
First time in a Walmart and I can't buy anything  argh! This place is A FREAKIN MAZING!
WordPress is being a bitch tonight. First night that I havent been able to upload in time  At least it wasnt my fault
First period over and #Wings are up over #Pens by 1 ugh 
First time back to the gym after 4 months of drinking and smoking. Here's the pre-emptive &quot;ouch!&quot; 
Listening to @vfxshow. First time they talked about something I've actually worked on and they didn't like it (B&amp;W Capone). 
First there is thunder then it rains on the produce in Safeway. I miss hearing thunder  
First day of the week, I want to sleeeeep  but I have slot of things to do @ work and in my life
@shaileshvrajan B9R has a multi axled rear. First quiz we didnt qualify for 
@rtrgrrl First pizza... and then tacos.. you, have made me jealous 
First time at PastaMania.. And suffering from super chilli 
Reubens retires  #f1 First time a Brawn's had to quit mid-race.
First stress fracture  and to think I just had a great almost-pain-free run
Hopefully the video will upload to Youtube. Fifth time's the charm 
First sunday without Triz... 
First beautiful day in weeks, and where am I? At work. 
First phone update in a while. Trying to install leopard to play sims 3 
Thanks to Summer 2009-- the good and the bad-- I haven't been able to blog in forever  .... First midterm tomorrow FML
@angieburton so does this mean no more keystone??? First @heatherhdamico now u? Boooo 
Cock! First time in years I want something from there and the Carousel chippy is closed 
Headed to Rush to get Randee. First time I've missed youth.  #fb
Moved everything into storage and boxes all over new place. First thing I did was set up my office &amp; computer.  Now to unpack boxes 
A full week of no riding is NOT the way to prepare for a 70 mile ride.   1293 miles on the bike. First hill I walked up. First sag wagon.
First post on twitter, woo, but off to bed, shattered  night all
@majornelson No showers in T5 unless you are flying First Class (or equivalent), I am afraid. 
First class got cancelled, still got 2nd and 3rd to go.. Not to forget all the assignments to do 
@Street3 Well you see, we were on the highway. First I saw the truck, then I saw a guy in a hat. You didn't even look at me 
I miss my old/First car 
I feel like crud.   First the scratchy throat.  Now I can't sleep cuz I cough when I like down.  Meh.
First break - down to 2545 chips  Average 3600 - 233 seats available - 8021 player, left 6688
Starting my day at work. An other rainy, cold day  First to day I'm gonna produce a politic elections-brochure, and then some DM's
First meeting far from home at 8.30am...too hard to start a monday like that 
Great. First day of my 4 days off and its raining 
First day alone  Think I'll go back to bed now 
First night at camp and i am already homesick 
First time I've ever broken 40 bucks fueling a car.  not a good milestone
Just back from a great holiday! First day back at work and its pissing with rain 
First day of a2 cannot be bothered 
morning all. First day back at work 
First coffeebreak of the week, pfff.....another 38 ahead of me..... 
First day of school was super boring, alone, and ugh. 
@HornyKitten I wish I was good at speeches  its just in front of my class-about 30 people. First step: I need to choose a persuasive topic
First day for me was not that nice. Ugh, I don't even wanna talk about it. 
First day of classes didn't go that well 
First relaxing day yesterday for a long time, back to mountains of ironing today  plus the weekend mess 
It rained pretty hard today, and my umbrella was not cooperating with the strong wind.  First day wasn't so bad though!
My supervisor is gonna regret accepting a student from an unstable part of the world  First my mum detained and now the coup.
is back from First day of school...and as part of new regimen will be back online only at 9 P.M  http://plurk.com/p/1126d0
First day back at work and I need to find a job I actually have an interest in 
First day at @northlich! Whirlwind weekend of graduating, moving and celebrating. Bummer my bike was stolen the first night in Cbus 
First day of school was a blast! But my feet hurts! Ouch! 
First time for everything. Today's my first time picking nits (head lice eggs). My nieces managed to pick up lice before visiting. 
First day of classes...hate being up early 
Wahhh still sick. First day os school today..i dont have classes tho   too sick to go and add....booo 
First day went very well, lot's of happy customers. Sadly for me i'm back at the end of the week for 3 days! 
 First time in a long time Wikipedia has failed me
First aggressive 'is it true you are building a hut in the churchyard?' phone call of the project. Expect more like this 
First day of school 
@notsosuperkate Third thunderstorm of the afternoon/evening trying to start again now. 
First day at work! I miss Zappos already. 
First day of summer and i'm sick  fantastic...
First break Yay! Fuck i gotta pee  lol
First day of summer school   *One Love*
Today just sucks. First joey moved to panama. And most importantly jordan leaves tonight. Don't want him to. 
First day back at school! Ugh....class until 9! 
So sad Figlio is closing in Sept! First restaurant I tried after moving to the TC, and have celebrated many occasions there in past 4 yrs 
I went on youtube and checked out my account. I didn't have any subscribers, and i wondered why. First of all, i don't have an account 
@harisn First person shooter? 
I'm only working eight hours this week  Anyone need a babysitter? CPR/First Aid certified, years of experience, ten bucks an hour.
Checked in for flight - won't be extending my stay in Omaha. First time not to stay for the whole Series  #cws
it has been a month since I updated my twitter! 0_o  Second last paper today. Tmrw's my last day. Not looking forward 
First day of school tomorrow! 
First day at gym. I think i over-worked out. Going to have to pretty tiring day... 
@juliebenz You're not having a good week  First bee attacks and now evasive stationery.
First day of school was fun for me! Got our test results back. It's not looking the way I wanted it to be 
First cup of coffee this morning. Wonder how much up i'll tally today? So so tired 
-- First uni exam tomorrow 
Erasing DVD-RW... First attempt failed 
First draft of website content done... waiting for others to approves - could be days 
First H1N1 Swine flu Death in MA reported. 
emotional reservoir at a new all time low. First time I've struggled over here since the first month 
@gigsandtours Please stop gloating - it's just not fair... First Blur, then lunch in the sun  La dolce vita eh?
Learning again ! First day of the test week went pretty okay (i think ) tomorrow german history &amp; biology  this is going to be the
Bummed out at Academic Roundtable confusion.  First discussion that really applies to lib';s like me. 
Ugh. I hate mornings. I don't care how early or late in the morning it is. Suck. First day of the new job... 
First day at the new job and i am alreay late 
First for my oral  better pass
First day of college, and im so tired 
trying to master a grade 6 drum piece! First bar down (after a long time) and now like 50 more to go 
First package in... One more to go... Tomorrow... 
The First 48 is on....So leave me alone so I can enjoy one of my favorite shows...Need to sleep...But can't until I get my phone call 
First official grounding of the summer. Why do kids have to be so mean to eachother? 
Hurting! Spent lovely day sun. First day I didn't bother to wear hat/sunblock. Now burnt on arm face and neck. I look like a lobster 
First accident with my scooter... Now my leg is blue dabadie dabada... Damnit! 
First day with the new management. Makes me want to transfer to the vets store too 
People of earth, I am in desperate need of some finger-crossing. First exam coming up, four more to follow 
@hippiestephi926 Lmfao! First to graduate with honors and probably the only too! I'm not!  Bahahahahhaha!
@wldhneypie It sucks. First time today I've seen her for 3 weeks and I had to put her on a plane. 
First TG win of the season... but no steak cuz i gave up a goal 
Post-lunch headache... there's something wrong. Third one in as many days 
First day of summer school 
I'm going to dieeeeeee tomorrow. First physics test. 
First day back at work: this is gonna be hard 
First lesson, german  then science grr.
I hate today. First, a teacher called my attention during class. Second, I missed the bus! Third, loooads of homework. Holy cow, SAVE ME! 
First day back at work since last wednesday, Iv only just realised how much I fuckin hate my job 
First confirmed case of Swine Flue in #Gujarat 
Exhausted.  Didnt get out of Comcast parking lot until 12:30am, got home at 1:45.  First time I ever got stuck in 1am traffic.   Coffee???
First day of finals wish me luck I didn't study last night and to make it worse right after I have to get a cavity filled 
Bloody fixture list!! First 2 home games of the season, I'm away on holiday! 
First thunderstorm of the year (that I've been awake through): Still scared of the thunder!!!!!! 
First day back to work &amp; my new computer is effed up. To make matters worse, @mickeysmith is canoing in frickin Minnesota &amp; can't fix it 
I'm going from bad to worse in everything. First the blog, and now flickr 
First winter season in 2 years  ... definitively I hate this weather. At least its the first time I get up before 10 am. 
First impression of the genius bar, slow, slow, slow.  A bit disappointed that I am still waiting with no idea of when I will be seen 
The side just fell off the magazine and exposed 400' of 35mm film. Third time it happend to the same mag  #scfilm
First day back at work and I'm having a very bad day I'm a poorly bear and I wanna go home!! 
First traffic was a mess. Now a train. 
Not impressed by http://www.liatairline.com/ . Second delay, and grumpy staff 
First call incoming and it rebooted 
Great! - First it took ages to download the 3.0 update and now the activation server is down  #iphone update
First fathers day...and I get to spend it in the airport on my way to Minneapolis 
@walkercaine LOL I thought the same. First I wondered if it was someone doing a prank, but it was a real guy. I had no camera 
@johncmayer First time in maybe 5 summers that I won't be seeing him in concert 
First day of mid exams. Wish me luck!!! 
First time seeing an icon I designed on AppStore, why freeverse add an ugly border &amp; what happened to the stamp  http://twitpic.com/7ocor
@ashbymh First of all. That quote deserves a sad face.   Second of all.  HELLOOOO.  I haven't talked to you in what, 527846234 years?
First day of nothing is over and I sense panic. I'm already scared about the future. I have no idea how to take a break.   
First blue lights behind me in 4 years, after church band practice, in the rain. At least he gave me the minimum. 
First thunderstorm of the year!  Too bad its not overhead 
First they were only allowed to have 1 kid. Now only 1 dog too  http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31411348/ns/world_news-asiapacific/
First night goin to bed before twelve in a very long time. I'm burnt to a Fucking crisp right now 
First Xanax in two weeks. It came out of nowhere. Its calming down now. 
First speeding ticket = 
First day of #zombie hunting was BIG. Only one thing bugging me: we're not able to shoot video. It's simply too dark. Even for nightshot 
First tweet of the day is a rant at the stupid bus driver who was not gonna accept my ticket till I kicked up a fuss!!! Mean man! 
First year of uni, done! I miss it 
says thank you Blogsvertise. First SP I've had in months.  http://plurk.com/p/11wold
First cavity ever 
First day of summer school 
@brydeemer First time in years I won't be there.    Have fun &amp; tell all the CGSrs &quot;hi&quot; for me!
First tweet yay sitting at my desk working and trying not to get sick.  
First &quot;school day&quot; is over! Tomorrow comes the next!  But the people at school are okay!
I keep losing things!  First my mind, now my Scene card...what's next? [insert virginity joke here] ...and I just stapled my hand! owwww 
First weekend in months I'm notgonna be working. and @me2qa is sick. bye bye weekend plans 
I been in the crib all day. The rain got my whole body   I really hope this weekend is better. First, the hair has to be taken care of!
First day of summer and i get into an accident. All a gurl wanted to do was go to oob 
The First amendment slowly may begin to die with the Pentagone Report  -  http://bit.ly/12bDld
First big girl hair client came in. I thing I did good with the color but I don't think she liked her hair cut. 
@purplephoenix03 he will not be at 100%.  I'd rather he didn't play and got well.  First time I'd been at home to watch Wimbledon and all 
@shitshockhorror I was gonna try and get tkts.  First time in over 20 years I'd have been home to watch it.  No point without Rafa 
Woke up at 230. Slippppppppppppping  First day of summer, what to dooooooooooooooo?
I know i don't have any followers  but i'm at ags. First tweet is exciting. Not.
First chance to sit since 3... I'm thinking of staying out here. At least the tips are good tonight! No hotties in my section. 
Is wondering if I will ever finish &quot;The Hour I First Believed&quot; 
Man, I have really bad shopping karma lately.  First, my new car deal fell through; now Dell is telling me my netbook has been delayed! 
yesterday I got my test at English First, and in fact it is very difficult, not as usual, I don't know what should I do to face my report 
First time in a long time when marxen and I agree that we are kind of scared of our patrol tonite. 
First day of freedom and I'm stuck in bed 
Played 2 softball tonight, lost both games    First one was close though
iPhone Spotlight: greatest feature ever. First kind of feature I've ever seen like it on a phone. So many people will never use it though 
@elaineliu First of all evan is married, second i am over tyler hilton!! The guys that i like are either taken, married, or a jonas 
First day at FSFE's General Assembly. I feel sick 
First swine flu death in Australia: http://bit.ly/cdkeu . 
@greentm @endlessblush and no-one invited me  First time I heard B-52's was about 1978 I reckon... had the vinyl too - gone now 
First weekend in a while without him  what am I to do?????
First day of summer, and im already bored and have nothing to do 
@mac_feisty awww... I forgot the &quot;DDub Soldier but Braveheart First&quot; t-shirt I made. 
@BuddingGenius Sadly yes  First day back after 2 weeks. Never good ha ha. I'll be ok when I've found a brick wall for my head to connect.
I have at least... 5 homeworks to do. :\ First week only, ah. Take it easy, teachers. 
First time I've had to go out and block  spam followers, gotten about 20 bogus followers in the last hour. 
First semi-post-cold run.  Lungs=pain.  
I have had a reqally sad and bad week.  First find out on tuesday I'm transfering to a different school 
@CorbiinBleu who is she I looked at her page but says nothing.  Honestly?? First impression not good 
First a cunt, now a princess... I try my hardest not to be wither of those things... but apparently I am 
Morning world! First official day of my holidays! And to celebrate, I'm off to work this afternoon  But going to Nadee's after!
First tweet from the 3GS. I think my compass is screwed up 
@sunny525 Wasn't given that option.  This is Fourth call today 
Start spreading the news, we're leaving today, we want to be a part of it, First Grade, First Grade...miss them already! 
Sent husband and son on their first Fathers and Sons outing, an overnight camping trip with our church. First night away from both boys 
First it ate my disc now it's stuck at this.  http://twitpic.com/7vcvv
First day of summer vacation tom...but I have to get up early  well if you call 10 am early...hah
A 26 year old man died of Swine flu after only one day of catching it, First death in Australia caused by the swine flu 
First bloody, fat lip tonight.    Poor baby is sleeping now.  Other firsts are much more fun.
First day off this week,and it's already over!!ugh no plans for tommorow either..super depressed,might as well sleep my day off then!! 
O no! First mosquito bite. I wish I had self-control, by morning my elbow will be quite large and still itchy 
First night in two weeks that i'm not getting a goodnight kiss 
First night of summer and I'm bored out of my mind 
@spazzysam thanks. Feel like my biggest enemy is myself. I am totally blocking my words  ok. Hitting the hay. First thing after PK 2morrow
Stupid quest doesn't work  First great bug i've found in regnum online.
First day was okay, learnt taking blood pressure, really not looking forward to the practical exam for this one 
First Weekend staying in, in about a 2 months...I don't know what to do with myself... 
First thing you hear in the morning - crying babies.  #preworkmusic Damien Rice - O
Getting ready to go to work. First day of seven 3pm to 11pm shifts and I feel tired before I start 
First time flying alone at lax  
First run today for Zodiac TF: looked like front cyl. gasket blown  Not back in pits yet.
Balls.  First blood to the Boks  #Lions
Has to take Joseph to the clinic for a possible spider bite.  First come-first serve.  We'll be there all day.  
really wants to listen to First Train Home 
Watching Tiger and I think he's gonna miss the cut. Second time in his career in majors. He's not playing very confidently. 
So sad... First nice day outside and of course I'm working 
First kitty gone  i miss leeland 
First time goin to the laundrymat in years -- I feel like I've been robbed!!! Spent so much money in here 
First time waking up so late at my house:o wack dreams! 
Is off for a few drinks tonight.. First time since new year!!! I'm gonna die lol  tell my mum I love her haha
First day without my kids and I already miss my summer campers 
First stop D &amp; N grand opening followed by Randolph Pool party....in the rain 
First beach worthy day... And the beaches are closed 
First time in a WHILE pho has let me down 
First day of summer and I'm already bored. 
G is burning up with fever... sick as a dog. Poor kiddo. First day of summer break and he's super sick  
Wow I hate this village. First I got turned into a toad and now I'm a bear/pig thing. 
@DavidCook1 First noticed him on Sir Webber week last year. First HEARD about him on news (live in town where brother Adam lived  )
First full week in the hospital   getting bone marrow collected tomorrow as well as minor surgery and I'm scared
@thestew thx 4 mentioning First Choice BBQ - one of our favorite haunts - must get there early 4 lunch of endure a LOOOONG wait 
@rolandsmartin ah man!  I did not know you were going to be at the banquet! AUGH!  I should have gone. First time I missed in 5 years. 
Yeah...  First break-up, not fun...  
Found a wrapped coupon in a bag of chips today. First thought: &quot;free boat ride for three.&quot; Unfortunately, it was just $1 off my next bag. 
@liareilly first. Its karen. Second. Not till the 26th. Third. I'll be in chicago when she gets home.  
Pasta is done. Philip dont wanna eat  First and last time cooking hahaha
No Petespace tonight  First time in like 10 years he's not going to be there . *tear tear* hahah. ROVE (Y) &amp;&amp; Masterchef D
First day off in 2 weeks, and i've got a cold 
On my way to airport.  Pray the weather holds up! First stop ATL which makes me sad since it's where dad lives but I can't see him 
have rediscovered a few muscles. First bike ride of the year! Only managed ten miles 
First fathers day without my grandpa  .. Going to visit him today.. Bittersweet
First train doesn't get in until 6:54 unfortunately.  On court 1 Verdasco's a cool guy &amp; there's British interest with Ward.
First order with Banzai Music for some electronic components. Just need to wait 4-14 days for delivery from Germany 
First day of work. Kids r good. But only 27 hours 
First thing first...I'm out of cigs 
First day of summer tutoring 
First time I truly hate being international: texas gov &amp; history for summer school and driver's ed with all the 15 yr olds... YAY!!! 
Man. First kernel panic I've seen with this laptop. 
First day of summer and the rain  fuck up the day 
@CreateSean just a very short trip away with the wife. First time abroad together - we had no honeymoon 
And on the way back from court on his First two tickets. He gets another. That sucks. 
First raid I sign up for in 3 weeks and it becomes a no-go due to lack of attendance 
First day of work and I cut the hell out of my finger 
First day riding my bike to work yesterday, abruptly followed by first day of bike being stolen   Pawn shops, here I come.
First beer, pushup workout is proceeding very well, and enjoying the sun. Sa is the last day 
Just landed! Ugh. First plane ride ever. I hate it!! 
Ok so I just got my account... First time user hurrray!!! what is not so good is that none of my friends have one 
First day of summer school  ew
In bed watching &quot;The First 48&quot; it sucks being sick 
Broke down and had a gaint cup of coffee today!! First one in two weeks 
First (hopefully last) damage to the 55. Found a low hanging pipe in the garage with a sharp end   http://twitpic.com/880xu
First day of fasting for my grandma, I'm so hungry lol n I have to rake my kids to go eat lol.. Really hard! Now were at the doctors 
First twitter post, and no one to tell 
I am so tired. First school, then work then church for dance rehearsal. I am so tired and ready to get in the bed. Same routine 2morrow 
Oh fuck... First time i went on my wage since weeks... 97,5 kilo....  That's definitely enough... 2 years ago it I had 70 kilos... 
@Trance_Cat Yeah I caught the First State split and tweeted it...shame there are some good producers who we have lost recently 
Awake! First lie in on a week day in what feels like a year- actually it's about 9 months 
Just Won a tenner on a scratch card! Then a colleague says oh that can pay For xmas dinner deposit! First you giveth then you taketh away 
First break, feeling the pinch now, quite tired, 3 people phoned in sick meens I go home at 3 and go back for 2 hours at 9pm tonight 
Yehha! First day of Holiday!  ... but its raining 
Sitting in a wheelchair,waiting for a doctor. Third time for hospital this week 
@mehpara @SpaceAnt First of all thx for reply .. plz tell me how to solve this problem 
First result of Zend 7.0.0 beta for #mac is more alpha then beta. Constant crashes, can't write even a line of code  Hmpf #php
@mattdowding sorry, we have to  hopefully First will bring it back bigger &amp; better in the future!
First day of summer and I have to go to work  yuckkkk to the 10th power http://myloc.me/5zMt
First night taking melatonin: fell asleep easily, but woke up at 1am.  Didn't take full dose, will try tonight.
First time I didn't have time  to finish the test 
Monetizing your blog @ #NAHJ09. First statement: no one cares about your blog 
at work. First day of class, thought I was excited about school and forgot how effing boring this teaching is! 
First sunny day in two weeks, and I am gallery sitting. 
First it was carradine. now fawcett is dead too. 
Another good day  nitey nite everyone! First day of school tomorrow!!! Ahh I'm kinda nervous yet excited...til tomorrow!
First day of three month secondment to a client today. Bonus points: their offices are about 10 minutes walk from my house 
@sermoa http://ykyat.com/~37mqt - First thing I turned off 
Will do at least one 32px icon a day and release them all in a big pack at the end. First is my avvie 
First batch of easter cup cakes in the oven..now I get to lick the bowl 
is out eating ice cream with her beau. First day of sunshine  give me more.
First test down. Another one in a couple hours. Probably should be studying, but I am updating my twitter first 
@martine2323 'Morning, Petal - work brought me here (banking IT). First Holland, then here.  And I just stayed... and stayed... 
@VCMike First class?  You and Bijan need to move to the back of the bus and save your LPs some $$!  
First full council meeting - not convinced big screens are really necessary but the effort is appreciated 
@kazpro Thanks for the good feedback.   First article of what will be many - hope you get something useful out of them. 
is going to Mexico for lunch. First class baby 
New member! First update! 
First day attempt at going RAW(r)  with the help of http://carolrustin.com
Yeah! First scene over.. on to the next.. back in hair and makeup.. it is sooo hot her in Antigua 
First time on...My mother did the invite 
@jabrand  #cloudcamp?  First I've heard of it!  Have fun! 
Excited for the sunshine today  First I got a bunch of h/w to catch up on.. then I'll go out and play!
First barbecue of the year!  #fb
On a binge. First, library. Next, used bookstore. Finally, the big B&amp;N in Huntsville. Don't expect to hear from me again for awhile. 
First asparagus of the season. 
Yay ! Second placee, I love you girls 
@MusicBizGuy - uh HUH.  First, do no harm.  
@coollike Your mum has been so good to you today!  First clothes, then mac and cheese. 
Best night of my life! First row was amazing!! Joe jonas eyefucked me and gaby hahahaa 
has had a fun-filled evening at home, complete with First Knight and pizza rolls 
Ok, here it goes. First official tweet. I'm definitely talking to myself here but that's ok. 
For anyone who is interested, my new blog The Second Revolution is up: http://utfp.org/blog/   
First big day in TwitterLand  
First time use twitter~not bad, I think ! 
First rain in Bangalore came with some colors and some wonderful mood! http://is.gd/th0E  #flickr
@emoltzen If they were just a bit less poppy - won't refute the talent, though. First couple of records were really great. 
First week of holidays over and it was savage! 
Snowboard trip was awesome!!! First time in the snow, first time on a board and I'm getting the hang of it 
First cup of coffee since friday morning; coffee never tasted so good! Finally feeling better 
First tweet in ages! Just enjoying the sunshine, reveling in the fact that we have another week of school! 
The First Wives Club 
First time I've gotten good sleep in years!!!!!   It was excellent!!!!!!! I'll always love sleep...
@MargaretV it sure was! they heard that music three blocks away and went crazy. First ice cream truck and BBQ of the season. 
@Arkaen First three bosses. About as far as any logical ulduar pug can get. 
First time for my boyfriend to drive me home 
Internet's working again !!! First tweet in like 3 days !!!! How is everyone ?? 
My Warcraft account was expired for a bit. Didn't miss it much. Second Life has more to do. Maybe I need to get a First Life?   
First thought this morning when I woke up: &quot;UIView!&quot; Second: Yay, Tweetie for Mac today!  Third: #imayneedprofessionalhelp
@JonathanRKnight What was the best part of the show?  First day off from the tour and you go to another tour? 
First peice of dairy milk of the day 
First day at the shop today... quiet but good. And it looks nice  Will take photos tomorrow.
First tweet from Tweetie.app 
First day back and I've already booked a week off 
First ones to tell me happy birthday on my actual birthday - Jessie &amp; @shoolay  I LOVE YOU GUYS
Setting up WWG for Twitter updates for instant webcam girl video gratification  First of it's kind!
has a new supply of books   Second print looks great.
@tonyrobbins First tweet exactly 140 characters...I smell a rat 
First good news of the day; they have my squash racquet in lost property 
First attempt at proper exercise in just under two months: managed a somewhat disappointing total of 10 push-ups 
First day of shooting done! Great energy, can't wait to see what tmw has in store. 
Looking forward to tomorrow. First full day back in beautiful Vancouver. Family, Elbow Room, boys, sushi, #Canucks game 
Allready awake  First confirmation &quot;meeting&quot;.. Then just &quot;be&quot;. Sitting here doing nothing, or something like that.. 
@JonMWelch Definitely not &quot;Second Coming&quot;, that's for sure! 
First after-tour rehearsal... getting ready for the festivals 
First breakfast, then a walk in the sun with the wonderful Charlotte 
@duncanwilcox First thing I looked for: Where is the blue in the icon  Congrats for your release @manton! ( http://bit.ly/clipstart )
Is leaving denver for the east coast for work . First stop...TN 
First weekend home and it feels like last summer. 
I never get to sleep in!! First day of my vintage shopping class!  I dig.
Havent been to sleep yet . . . Bout to get an oil change. First in line  yessssssssss
First time from mobile! Now twitter from everywhere 
@tuskbear It was insane ! Here's the link to it ! You can download it  First post of the thread   Link in the next tweet !
@erkpod Thanks! First video going up now. Where are you at these days? 
I heard this on youtube last week. First time that I had heard it. 
@Ieatstuff First time I played in months. I started playing others online ... I was as bored. 
sunday is cycling-day. First time this year with mtb.  It's so beautiful  #specialized #ptrips   http://twitpic.com/4h0wj
First few rounds of golf are in. 78 and an 83... I guess a bit rusty  Truckers, any of you had a chance to hit the links yet?
@BIGGC_ Oh wow, never met a bondsman!!! First time for everything!! 
First baby Blackbird seen in garden. Following his dad around the lawn and demanding food 
First time flying alone, first time going overseas, first time living on my own. Lots of firsts for this trip. 
@mathys First TweetSound to @p0ch0! Proof of concept done, can go on holiday now  - http://mobypicture.com/?bakldc (via @P0ch0)
Going through movies I own but haven't watched tonight. First Aladdin, now Death Race 2000 
got to go out on the bike with the BF today! First real ride of the season for me. It was fun! 
@palinn just saw your latest wordpress guide. Great one! First time did I see somebody write such a guide which others consider basic.. 
I love that Joan Rivers says it's Family First. 
You are the First to know that SinhalenFOSS ep22 is out with the big news. http://tr.im/kpoR 
First Day at the new job! Yeah! 
Lots of tasks to complete today. First, wecloming new members to Canadamigos Social Networking site, www.canadamigos.com, and coffee 
Working security for the club tonight. First time working it in about a month. Should be interesting. Oh, and hi Kelsenator! 
Ooooo! I'm lovin the First Lady's fuschia sheath dress! Tres chic! I want her arms! 
Tired and gunna go to bed soon!!! First time I've been online today!!  All ready for mother's day tomorow 
First surprise birthday ever, best night I've had in a damn long time!   
First sleep then spending the day with mom since it's mothers day and all. There might even be Chinese. 
First bbq of the summer 
http://twitpic.com/4x260 - First Class  Air Canada, Your boi :p  I'm coming back home  love you all
First morning in Boston = Dunkin Donuts  going for the authentic experience. Next Wolverine!
@hanaames First 100 are the hardest I think they tend to snowball after that I think 
First time driving into Waterloo.. had a great heart-to-heart with parents 
&quot;you pms alot&quot; &quot;WTF? First of all i'm a guy...&quot; guys are dumb 
Tomorrow is an exiting day.  First coat of finish on the bass, pick up dry filmed bridge/hardware and a horn rehearsal of my charts 
First in the office. Peace and quiet for another thirty minutes or so. 
@krodatahw First place in the quiz?  Nice one! 
Totally just got breath tested!! First time EVER!!! 
First of my final exams tomo. Only two more after that then it's off into the big world 
Sizeable to do list today, but my little one has a fever. First time she's ever been sick. To do list? What to do list? Sweetie needs me. 
First day at the new job. 
First officlal day back on the road!!! 
&quot;First we was chillin, now catchin feelins.&quot; 
First, I did manual labor all day. Then, after a 1 hour nap, I stayed out until 2 am!! Sometimes the girl's still got it 
First night at home with the new baby.  This is such an unreal experience. The poor girl has to experience 100 degree weather already!
First day back to gym after being sick sucks!! I thought I was going to pass out. I survived though 
@nicolerichie hmm First the BBerry then your wheel...O' cheese I assume, Are you eating these? 
@sageothyme I have a Meeting at Mooloolaba tomorrow. First time in weeks I've been able to lose my coat 
First online purchase!  I'm a Flickr PRO now!
Up early. First night in bed bed went really well. 
Quarry was fun. Got some gear stuck and had to rescue it. First time I've rigged my own abseil anywhere other than on a tower. 
So thankful to not be sore today.  First time in a while that I have full range of motion.....before heading to the gym tonight.  Sigh 
First night in the new house was just fine 
@ShoTzVlogz First....weird.  Second. As if I'd drive hundreds of miles for breakfast. There's a McDonalds down the street. 
First tweet. chirp......chirp 
First experience with jamba juice 
First football game went well 
is going to the beeeeeeach!! First time (in forever) this summer 
First food, then to work on this weeks updates  Busy little bee ;)
Haha! First! --&gt; http://bit.ly/IlieD 
@anthoniaa First plan on the agenda is weekly installments of boxed wine nights 
Sheesh - now I have quake nerves. Second biggest earthquake I've experienced... so far 
First to reach office, in the entire floor  So experienced the cafeteria breakfast. Its unexpectedly descent...
First day of work, and the jetlag is still sitting on me like a weight. Oh well, at least it is gorgeous outside 
First painting of the B&amp;W series completed!  http://yfrog.com/10y64ej
First time doing anything remotely complicated with JavaCC.  So far so good -- other than my parser not working 
Well i'm awake. First I need some coffee  soon the anno team will be here
@kamiNcali First off, I'm not laughing at you, I'm laughing WITH you.   And yes it is.
@TABItarot A book on Shamanism is teetering at the top. First read it years ago, now dipping back in when I get the time 
@jeffreecuntstar http://twitpic.com/596x3 - You two are looking gorgeous  Second the undies comment x
First day back at the good ole B&amp;G, that place can't get rid of us no matter how hard it tries...and despite our efforts to get away 
@paulocoelho First suggestion is to correct the typo in the blog - it says &quot;three weeks of this blog&quot; instead of &quot;three years ..&quot; 
First day of Target!!! 
@glamorous_be First thing that went through my head when I read it  Coincidence?
First part done. I'm less tired than I thought 
At the train station... First day MTV today 
http://twitpic.com/5f85r - Second pair of new shades 
First day of summer....what will I do? I know, absolutely nothing  
Zoe ate some bread! First food other the three dog treats in over two days. 
Morning!!  First day of classes today!!
First cheerleading practice after 3 weeks break  Jihuu!
First day at my new job. So far so good! 
First day at work. In an interesting meeting on talent management systems. 
First day of work 
First tweets from SPACE  http://twitter.com/Astro_127
First part of the days work is done! Now some lunch and some rest and the we go on to part two! 
Go baristas!! First wins take them to the semi finals!! Now we know the dream team 
Today I will be having a relaxed day. First walk Roxy, then doing groceries and after that cleaning the house and watching Oprah 
what a beautiful day!!! Wish I could go some place else instead of praxis. First gonna get delish fresh turkish bread for breakfast tho 
@VioletsCRUK Second one for me.....  you are too kind!   #followfriday
First undie run ever!!! On this night I learned I have a special talent for beer pong. 
@havenward *loves* I'll be reading through it after I get back from swimming  First part of my long-fic is posted on my comm, Remodled
First lie in I've had in weeks, woke up listening to the enemy drinking a coffee and smoking a cigarette. I'm in a good mood 
@MatthiasG First come first get, aber viel Erfolg 
Just witnessed the birth of all seasons. First time seeing an actual birth of a cat 
Morning. Today looks like a good day to assist in saving lives.  Clinical till 3:15. First plastic surgery casey this morning!! exciting!
Right, at the studio unpacked ready to shoot. First a cup of tea 
@ffolliet Wine at 4.30. First cohort of BMS students finishing their degree. 
First summer friday of the year!   
@androidtomato @HAMMER32 so since that RARELy ever happens in SYDNEY, my chances of experiencing or flying First Class...are Rare 
@tipadaknife: I'd have to agree with @pasmith, and not just because I do an occasional First Impressions column on MMOs. 
First day off since i don't know when. No meetings, phone conferences, emergencies... 
#firstrecord First single i bought was Spice Girls 2 become 1 !! First album i think was Now 35; but with own money was Hanson 
http://twitpic.com/5p3ih - Congrats to our graduate Garrison! First grade will never be the same &quot;Chum&quot;! 
@ajsweetheart cruise was amazing  would do again in heartbeat! First day blog up, working on day 2! And luv 90210  own all seasons out!
@BurghRealtor Second to a 2-car garage, my biggest rule when searching for a house is &quot;no 'developments'&quot;, i.e., no cookie cutter houses. 
Watching First 48...8days until HOUSTON 
First tweet from my new phone!! 
First ones on the coach 
Getting ready to go to bed.  First day back after a 10 day break!  
'If you have reached the age of 25, I've a bit of bad news for you' (First words of this blog post - thanks god I am 24  http://tr.im/mwix
First time twittering, I can't get this to work right ugh! I hate new things. 
First twitter tweet 
Just came from seeing &quot;West side story&quot;! First time I ever went to see a broadway show and I think I'm in love 
Mm, just got in (: First night of summer; it was pretty chill. 
First update with phone 
 First bonfire of the season was a success: @stanage, @ehamadanchi, and @jvelkoff all came. Now, bed--still have work tomorrow.
First night in the new apartment. Loving it! 
my bday is tomorrow!!! And im going to disneyland! First time ever! 
AWESOME YouTube challenge  First watch http://is.gd/IOBC and then http://is.gd/IOF8 Nice, guys, love it 
@WoWInsider nope. First 60 was my druid. First to 80 was my Warrior 
First twitter of the day, because I was trying to preserve the 555 updates thing. 555 Carne Norte.  Now, it's 556. D:
Brother collects me later  First year at uni over!!
Summer starts today .... here we go .. First stop Preston  Ahh the glamour
First in line for eskies, hell yeah! 
First draft of novel underway.  Writing progress metre up and active, so got to keep going  http://scribblingdaily.blogspot.com/
