Most common words for this cluster:
[('flight', 339), ('airport', 323), ('plane', 221), ('jet', 38), ('lax', 33), ('flights', 29), ('http', 27), ('home', 22), ('com', 21), ('luggage', 20), ('hour', 20), ('way', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'flight', 0.8179299235343933), (u'airport', 0.8175532221794128), (u'plane', 0.8012033700942993), (u'airplane', 0.7414048314094543), (u'flights', 0.7373261451721191), (u'Airport', 0.704003095626831), (u'Turbulence_injures', 0.6925182938575745), (u'planes', 0.6901450157165527), (u'International_Airport', 0.6876772046089172), (u'flight_BA###', 0.6858357191085815)]





Waiting at the airport for my ride while I get harassed by 2 men trying to sell me ugly hats.. Why me?!  I just want to sleep..
&quot;Flight of the Conchords&quot; suddenly disappeared from Spotify 
Still at airport waiting..  been on ground for 20 min..
getting ready to take matt to the airport. 
I can't believe I paid five bucks for these damn fries!! Clearly LAX is in no recession! 
There was a plane crash in my neighborhood!!! 
Flight delayed from 9:10 to 10:34   http://twitpic.com/3iukn
Is taking jamie to the airport 
Flight delayed 
@andrewmyork why at the airport if your not going anywhere? 
is dreading 6:30 when H.B.I.C. wants me to shave her a landing strip.  
Landed and waiting at baggage. 
At airport having a glass of wine while waiting for flight....without my gooder 
quantus lost some of my luggage 
going to the airport in 1 hour 
Is sitting in schipol airport waiting to go home...to work 
Why does this airport not have wifi? 
@tommcfly ive never been on a plane.  so sorry no. how many times have you been on a plane?
starting flight itinerary, car rental, hotel arrangements 
@tommcfly well ive never even been on a plane before 
isnt feelin the aircraft carrier lifestyle at the moment 
@robertbland I heard of going over falls in a barrel - but not a plane - doesn't sound like it is recommended  sad
apologies to @liamisalive, @hannibal_, and jayden- accidently sent your postcards by sea instead of plane. 
#wififail @ the providence airport 
at SFO waiting on my 1st flight. I am...sad,bummed,lonely...trying to think of all the good gooddd times!!! smiles not tears  missin JRS.
Airport time again 
About to leave for the airport and go home 
Headed to the airport with hubby.  I will miss him! 
working cancelled flights  !!
I can't stand looking for cheap flights. 
@sarahbetterlife back in the overcast skies  our flight home was painless any ?'s you need to take a course on working controls
@djjaycee some of us have never even been on a plane...  be thankful!
Now at the airport - only 3hrs until the flight   No fun getting here early, but always worry about getting here late...
Waiting on a plane with engine trouble. 
Wow @SouthwestAir is so inconvenient for business travel. Why can't I checkin online just because my company booked my flight???  got B38
boarded the plane, this one has seen a good few miles looking at the state of it 
Hoping I don't get in trouble again for streaming at the airport again.. 
stuck on the plane for an hour ... Delays at heathrow 
Plane can't take off. Apparently Heathrow is all fogged 
My thoughts and prayers are with the five crew members of the CanJet aircraft who are being held hostage. 
Too bad I won't be jumpin from this plane 
Both flights oversold. Wish I could take my time and rack up some flight coupons. 
is sad to be taking Bethlene to the airport 
4am: wake up, 5am: at LAX, 6am: grab some coffee, 7am: still dog tired. ftl 
Missed my flight 
@eddplant i dreamt i was in a plane crash 
@GilkisonWrigley Never made it home  Flight cancelled.
@joepolitics I was going to come but I lost the flight I was going to buy &amp; that makes me so sad my boss was even letting me go 
Shit, forgot no maccy d's north terminal airside   Should have gone easy jet
It's a shame that living under the Heathrow flight path puts a dampener on it every 30 seconds 
SeaTac TSA fast and friendly. Walking to gate. No time 4 SBUX  literal journey from S. end of Airport to north end for flight.
On the plane about to take off back to minn. I am really not ready to come back yet 
At the airport..my flight is delayed..I really hope I don't miss my flight in dallas 
@ryanhavoc ditto. It's like jet lag 
He's leaving on a jet plane 
Home! Flight was good but my nail varnish remover has leaked and my toilette bag mirror has been destroyed 
On the way to LAX. Flying home today 
flight delayed, waiting, waiting, waiting!  
Waiting at the airport with the hubby this morning. 1 hour till his flight leaves 
At Arlanda airport waiting for my gf to bring my wallet - forgot it at home 
@jchadwick1976 I leave for airport @ 11. Going alone so I get to freak out all by my self 
http://twitpic.com/4ikmn - back in uk waiting for lazy Gatwick night staff! luggage please 
i miss the mighty boosh and flight of the conchords 
Few Minutes ago we went to my cousin to leave the airport 
At the airport leaving vegas...flight delayed 
In the airport waiting bored  x
on my way to JFK! I'm already missing my man! 
At LGW... flight delayed 
@Jargan Airport departures really suck don't they 
@krashley i love you and I wish i had gotten to see you  have a safe flight and update your blog often
I see: #Stansted express I also cutting cost: no controller in trains but instead an impressive Gestapo-like security at entrance. 
My flight info has been forgotten 
USAir has a lame unaccompanied minor policy.  
 all the firends i make in the airport has to leave before i do...
almost home, stuck in JFK for a lil..missing the bahamas already 
wow!! took for ever to come beck....i can't book a darn plane ticket!! it's soooo hard 
At Airport waiting for hubby @timjeffries to board plane for #cua09. Only two night but still sad 
My wife and I just realized that she can't come to see me off at the airport tomorrow. I'm bummed 
Mit mama am Airport 
Waiting for shuttle to pick us up - heading to Heathrow 
bomb screened at airport again, happens every time 
Just dropped Kelly off at the airport  There are birds chirping outside my dorm?
coulda booked flights to nz with jetstar for me and josh for a week with flights costing less that $17 for both of us, but i didn't 
Driving @bradbergeron to the airport, I wish he didn't have to go... 
Waiting for my flight to O'Hare, sans @alexfrizzell.  - http://bkite.com/07kDj
booked my flight back to germany... 
I hate dropping peeps off at the airport 
archietects, im not allowed sa may 12... i want to see him when he arrives at the airport.. lol and also may 14 to go to gma station.. 
@japhun you should sleep in the plane then hehe... but i dun think the jkt-sby flight is comfortable enough to sleep 
up and gettin ready to take my grams to the airport... 
Flight home at 3:10, 
Driving neil to the airport 
I just had to take two buses to get to my terminal..they already posted my flight as being delayed  hopefully that changes in the next ...
Just left my mac on the plane I'm praying billy makes it to the gate in time to get it back 
waiten to board plane back to denver from vegas. vacation is over 
@dltkr25 I wish you did too...  have a safe flight back! 
is ridiculously sick after having the flight from hell... 
Landed but half an hour late (boo BA and the runway guys at Heathrow) Rescheduling my day now 
Flight now 2 hours late.  
Flight was supposed to leave at 1:30pm, it's now 3:15pm and still no movement... le sigh... 
damn i missed my flight!   hoping the next one now
is at the airport but I can't check in cos the system's down 
Trying to get the plane boarded. Plane was overweight and they had to switch the exit row people out. And, it's too early 
waiting to board - the flight is delayed by 5 mins. back to reality tmr 
heading to the airport soon to go back to philly 
Ugh, 6 hour flight! 
Packing up suitcase. Flight leaves today. Aww...sad to say goodbye to the beautiful beach 
YYZ &gt; SFO. They didn't bump me up to first class   - http://bkite.com/07yWF [Airport, Windsor]
flight delayed  watching commencement webcast: http://bit.ly/4afrg
Missed the flight  now we wait
@K3rM1t great... just as I'm between flights at LAX.   - still need to do lunch...
@revious no, I'm still at the damn airport 
Missing my sis already and I only left her at the airport 5 mins ago 
at the airport with @joe1034170, waiting for his plane... 
sasly getting ready 2 leave tulsa   waiting on the plane.. delayed though.
Flight is delayed  On the way to the airport
Southwest is sooo fail!! Flight delay AND oversold?! Next available is tomorrow...forget about it 
on the plane for over an hour now. it still hasn't moved (difficulties starting the engine!).  I'm not gonna make my meeting after all 
Airport is blown on my laptop. I can't stay online for more than 5 mins at a time without mbp crashing 
@thehypemanofnyc on my way to JFK now 
Sadly was last one on plane.Nofree ticket  sitting next to hipster who has apparently never flown before and finds FAA bag rules confusing
Sitting in the lounge of my hotel with the Dutch Pokernews guys. Flight at 5, not back home til midnight tonight. 
At the airport with wayne waiting for him to board his plane heading back to his base in ha.then getting deployed 
so sad.  flight is cancelled.
Why can't someone buy me a plane ticket so I can visit somewhere new?   I'm sad now 
Off the ship &amp; waiting 4 luggage. 
Flight delayed 
I just realized that i made the worst shoe selection this morning to go through airport security 
Flight to #interop 5.5 hours delayed 
Ugh. have to go to the airport at 12 
missed my flight! 
Parking at #ZRH more expensive than flying with #Airberlin 
i'm so ready to be leaving soon my jet plane!!  friday can't get here soon enough...alhough i wish that my husband were comin too 
i'm so ready to be leaving soon in my jet plane!! friday can't get here soon enough...alhough i wish that my husband were comin too 
i'm so ready to be leaving soon in my jet plane!! friday can't get here soon enough...although i wish that my husband were comin too 
Still can't get on to TSA 
This fucking blows i still haven't left the airport status:distressed 
@TonyMaley have to drop parents at airport so beers postponed  brux or leuven will be good though
@prsvr lol at the airport with no laptop and a loong flight ahead  ... U? I saw ur drinking escapades earlier lol!
@Philter14 to be honest ...I don't know ...about thirty minutes from EWR...I emailed you a few months back but never heard anything 
stuck at the airport in jax because of troubles with a flight before us....and that affects our flights 
6 hrs in heathrow airport - only another 3.5 to go 
really wants to camp at download so she can watch flight 666 with her boy 
Two women wearing masks at the airport. Now they won't catch the Ofest fever! 
@KevinRuddPM should have linked the airports first 
always has problems at airports, I got to the airport an hour early and still almost missed the plane because of a spelling error 
Watching taxi to the dark side. Yes I am jet lagged can't sleep 
Gatwick north seriously sucks  no pret's , no no.1 lounge and too many small persons
off to the airport. 
Plane diverted back last night to Chicago due to med. emergency. Plane due out a hear at 4:45 pm. 
@yahyan hahah! And when all the TSA people say ' awww! ' i'll jump out and we run x) I caaan't poof my sister is in her room still 
At the airport... Flight delayed 
@markusgarvey They wouldn't let me on the plane - said I was too ridiculous. 
Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something... 
Flight to hurghada delayed 7 hours 
stranded @ delhi Airport  flight delayed
*sits at the airport waiting for @DenalisAngel to get here*..I got in early to surprise her and i can't find her 
@fuzzydave at YVR.... Fog delay is in SFO so we can't leave yet 
is going to our cabin soon 
@JonathanRKnight so, how long have you been at the airport? can you smoke inside a bar or somehting?  would SUK to do security again, lol 
Yesterday I heard a song about taking a base onto a plane. Can someone help me find it? I don't know anything else about it. 
This is what I am drinking instead of beer: Airport is out of beer.. At least it is carbonated...  http://mypict.me/1Zu9
@AngelaRyan jet blue is okay I guess. They cancel flights and don't have a lot of backup planes. And no first class 
is taking mommy to the airport. 
About to go pick up my roomate from the airport....no more house to myself. 
Going to the airport 
Ugh, i hate waiting in airports. I couldn't find a seat near an outlet either. 
@VFavors awww mannnn  shoot I wish I could make it to your flight! I'll take vegas..trust!
@AsheyPooh aaahh i know!! i was spose to but i had to take my dad to the airport.  next weeek fasho!
my tiger moth flight this arvo is not looking likely - cross winds at airport 
Flight was cancelled!  what luck. We'll leave tmrw at 1135am.
On the plane back to md 
Awww...my austrailians are leaving @ the airport to bid them goodbye  it's been fun mate.
Leaving on a jet plane I KNOW when I'll be back again ;-) So sad to leave... 
@dannygokey and you just got it back... what airline is that so i can NEVER fly it?! 
heaven's really sad.it's been crying nonstop. 
Missing cup final while on plane 
@dannygokey 1 you should find a new airline 2 maybe you should think about carryon luggage? 
@caiteshey  mines 11 I think. or 9. is it cool if I wait at the airport in brisbane to say hey?
dude was i suppose to pick u up from the airport?  was i?
@PhilipMcDonnell is that the airport? 
Where d fun at?  i'm hopping back on the plane o!
Flight delayed by at least an hour because of a fuel spillage 
Sitting in the airport waiting for are next flight still have anothe hour this freakin sucks !!!!!! I just want a be to sleep 
OOOOOOOOOOO JFK! what a hero! essay i for monday 
NOOO! I accidentally deleted both season of Flight of the #Conchords!! 
Sitting, waiting, wishing @ the plane on the ground... 
Waiting. At the airport. By myself 
Driving to the airport... 
In the TSA line. 
Flight delayed 
I'm leaving on a jet plane, don't know when I'll be back againnnnn 
successfully collected @misterbenji from his trip to the countryside - ;-) - &amp; sent @jazzshark off to Heathrow 
poor @dannygokey....no luggage two trip in a row...doesn't that mean you shouldn't fly with that airline 
delayedddddd  ! airports suck
Waiting for my flight, wondering why san diego has such a poor design for its airport...airlines are completely separate 
Just dropped @TamaraMascara off at the airport 
Heading back to vegas to catch my flight 
Lover when departure is delayed because people are bad at stowing overhead luggage 
@brightbox nginx-passenger package seems to be very broken. looking for passenger-spawn-server in the wrong place.  
One hour until we leave for the airport... I hate THIS countdown. 
trying to get over jet-lag.... its rough 
now starting packout... have to have it all put away and be on shuttle to LAX by 4p 
Headed home early. Flight delayed. 
Any way to do this? I added Airport Express to existing wireless network as a bridge, but it doesn't want to extend that via ethernet. 
Our road trip has ended  At the airport for a long flight back.
leaving on a jet plane 
@ArtyTheCat  having a fight or flight response to sad these days and this is tooo sad ; sorry have to &quot;flight&quot; ! *sniffs
You pay too much for food @ the airport AND it doesn't even taste good! 
i almost went to jail for killing the taxi driver in chicago he made me miss my f'n flight so now im in the airport another 2hours 
flight delay to philly... awesome.  
is taking @keesderidder to the airport...  
@jaypomo21 Actually, I would have loved to have converted them. . .there were two of them. . .but I was running through the airport  
Headed to the airport ...  back to southern cal to handle buisness!
at the airport, wish I was getting on a flight 
is thai takeout and a movie before I have to wake up at 430a to take D to LAX 
omg now it's leaving on a jet plane.    
Plane is here and people are exiting! Boarding shortly, almost home but i really really don't wanna be 
G called from LAX sounding so grumpy &amp; snappy that I am now no longer looking forward to her return to BNE tomorrow 
@himynameisjaz we should have followed them to macdonalds  are we going to the airport when they leave?
@mixmason They're dropping like flies! 
bringing amanda to the airport 
ugh. up waaaaaaay to early to be an airport taxi 
is a business Bitch! driving to the airport  sadder than sad
taking Brit to the airport 
At airport. flight delayed  its too hot in here
@cc_starr I haven't recieved my TSA points for valid entry  u did get mine?
in nc waiting to board my flight... flordia was magical I'm sad to leave 
At the airport to see my daughter off. 
@charlescolon I'm at JFK now.....  I will miss you colon, but we will be reunited soon and it will feel so goood!
 still sitting here. Flight got delayed .. Hopefully will b boarding soon
Taking the trolly to breakfast...then a shuttle to the airport 
taking derrick to the airport  
Flight was delayed. Finally on the plane. The weekend is officially over 
The last damn row in the plane. 
Is finally getting on a plane to come home. Too bad i have a 2 hour layover in denver 
idk where my cell phone is. i think i left it at LAX. grrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Just dropped mom off at LAX... 
Waiting at the airport. Flight is delayed to add to the poor marathon organisation 
Taking my sis to the airport 
Ooooooooooo they made the folks get off the plane with the dog!!! I guess they couldn't ship him n cargo. 
Sitting in the airport waiting to board my delayed flight. 
Waiting at the airport 
Flight delayed at LAX... Thanks @SouthwestAir!  
Flight keeps getting delayed delayed delayed... could have stayed longer.  awesome.
At the airport 
sat in man airport. need to get my miles back up to get my gold status back 
Yet another brand spanking new plane/airline launch... Yet another brand spanking new plane I was not on 
I didn't make the flight to miami 
Flight 447 &quot;unavaliable&quot;!  http://yfrog.com/59bpyj
Plane lost above the Atlantic... 
Not looking good for this missing flight 
@muvestar is Leaving on a Jet Plane...soooo sad. 
Taking josh to the airport  its going to be a lonely 6 weeks
this is sad news about the plane. am scared of flying 
Oh shit, the plane did crash. 
@andygeog One downed flight is very rare, correct. I'm flying an Airbus 330 in a few weeks and I'm not canceling. But still sad news 
last surviving passenger of the titanic just died 
I'm very upset abt the missing plane...it's too scary 
@questlove if a plane drops off the radar &amp; is missing, usually, news will come out later that it crashed  No radars @ ground or sea level
Jet lag had me falling asleep at 9 last night  now up at 8.
Airplane crash 
very upsetting airbus story  i am going to the airport today - wonder what the mood will be like - i really dislike flying -prayers to all
Its breaking my heart for the ppl..just yesterday I was talkin abt the plane crash I was supposed to be on,but luckily missed the flight 
@checkers so, if they are concluding that there are no survivors, its because they found the plane? They mention a crash.... 
I had to get patted down and remove some clothing at the airport. I almost missed my flight. 
Just read about the plane crash - so sad 
@jelly__bean i just read about that too  hope they find the airplane asap
wifi seems to be much more reliable now on the plane. no power however   battery almost dead. about to land soon anyways later!
sad about that missing plane 
@milesobrien thinking cascade of  elec. failure, disorientation, exceeding flight limits + turbulence leading to breakup. 
I hope they find that plane! 
@Jonster I can barely beat 30 in Flight Control 
wishin' the best fot the people in the plane  i'll be headin' to the airport to catch my own flight... wish me luck...
wishin' the best for the people in the plane  i'll be headin' to the airport to catch my own flight... wish me luck...
@jessica_wessica why AirFrance? why me? why today?.............................................................I don't want to go missing 
Thinking about that Airbus plane that went down 
aw, the plane dissappeared 
Flight time...going 2 miss my break from the world  http://myloc.me/2h8C
So sad about the AirFrance plane missing  I'm praying everyone is ok.
Watching all the news about the AirFrance 447 almost impossible to find out what really happened 
in the taxi on my way to the airport, goodbye vegas! 
I do not want to hear about airplanes disappearing over the ocean! 
*Two* plane crashes?! A good start for a month in which I will presumably take something like 8 different planes 
i can't believe it... how is it possible for an airbus to just disappear like that? 
most of the passengers on the Flight 447 were Brazilians 
@tommcfly don't worry~!! and I wish everything is alright with the missing plane.. 
@JenniFerri unfortunatelly no more hope for the Flight 447  that crashed on the Atlantic
lets hope they find that plane 
Vacation over  on the plane back to dc
So sad about French plane lost in ocean storm  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8076848.stm #AirFrance #FlightAccicent
Sitting in the airport waiting for my flight.. i hate leaving 
So sad, about the French jet that is missing 
just dropped her boo off at the airport  now goin back to bed!!!
Where's the missing plane 
I took AirFrance 4 times this past semester... 2ce in the past month... scary.. 
@queenie30 indeed sad. They said it's impossible for e plane to be onair cos of fuel so... 
The missing plane over the atlantic upsets me 
another plane down......................damn!  so sad 
Does anyone know the flight manifest for #Flight #AF #447? http://tinyurl.com/m8wc7r has the best breakout I've seen so far 
wondering how an entire airplane disappears??? 
Actually, 80 (not 60) Brazilians died after airplane crashed 
@samantharonson there is suspicion that the plane crashed here in brazilian coast, this is very scary, sent a ship of my city, to find it 
Flight delayed by one hour. 
sad with the accident of airfrance  nobody knows what happened the plane just missed in the ocean
How do you lose a plane?  What did I miss?
@visitor9627  About the plane.  That's suck a freak accident.
@visitor9627  About the plane. That's such a freak accident.
Fuuuuck, the panic attack at airport strong as hell (( on pills now 
Sitting in LAX so sad to leave  thanks for everything @waynehoffman I had a great time!
so sad about Flight 447 (air france) my condolences to the families. 
Home at last and very tired but Praying for the people on Flight AF 447 and thinkin of thier familes. Not good times 
@slePP Also: no jet packs 
so reality just hit...i'm about to get on a plane....i'm scared now 
www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31040692 Flight to Rio story. They can't find them or the box. I find this makes me even more leery of flying. 
praying for those in that plane ... praying hard. 
Is at the airport heading back to seattle. I'm tired, sore and grumpy 
@lowster  Not since thet started making planes out of plastic 
Hopes and prayers to the passengers and families of flight 447 
@chrislove I've been to the helicopter museum before, but their cockpit sim sux 
Is freakin out about the plane crash--- so scary 
@mmalkoff You mean, they're not feeding you on the plane? 
At SFO... Boarding plane...still sick.  maybe some recycled air will make me feel better.
@mellealizee  .. strange .. they didn't found the plane till now ?!
I need to study for my 8 hour FAA test tomorrow, but C won't let me 
Jet lag, can't sleep and supposed to wake up in 6 hours to work 
Heading to the airport 
My prayers w/ families of passengers &amp; crew of AirFrance flight 447.  
i am so ready o yell in the middle of his plane 
Now people r saying they're not going to flight from brazil, to france, with AirFrance.unfortunatelly it'd have happen' anywhere 
[Travel] Heathrow T3 is too crowded by BAA's packing in retail outlets: on hot day display lighting overwhelms the air conditioning 
My flight is delayed... 
is horrified to think a plane can just disappear! the poor families, i hope they find them 
Our prayers to the family and friends of AirFrance passenger. 
condolences to those on Flight AF 447. 
AirFrance Flight AF 447  oh my god.
@jonathanrknight did they find the plane yet  terrible tradgedy.
They're dropping like flies. 
I don't like the idea of an entire plane going missing  or crashing into the ocean.It freaks me out completely 
@FoxWhisperer I agree with u too. Its a very sad sitauation, I hope they can find the aircraft too. 
@j_lefkowitz I just lost my calm with someone telling stupid jokes on the AirFrance topic  read a lot of silly jokes but he was too much
Reading up on Flight 447. 
@NesQuickBuNni_B unless u a plane ticket to bk or atl unfortunately it won't b me 
How does an airplane completely disappear? So horrible. 
So upset about this flight crash last night!!! 
@stupendously_si I'd rather be an airline pilot... Or a millionairess lounging on her yacht somewhere nice 
@fulhi sad we lost one aircraft again 
Plane crashed in france 
@jsnell You are re-watching the pilot, we have yet to see it.  
Up and ready to take @calcha to the airport. 
Siting at Frankfurt Airport, drinking Starbucks coffee and waiting for our flight to Ottawa. Still almost 3 hours until departure 
@ttaasshhaa the song fly with me... i love it im obsessed but i cant download it yet 
@rimamelati hahaha! i'm so so bored. what are you doing? haha, the plane crash is so so scary 
I hate airports. 
I hope they find that plane, 
@JasonBradbury call me retro but i like controllers 
...I really hate work on Tuesday morning after a bank holiday....and also, Stanstead Airport is possibly the worst Airport in europe 
wow...still no word on where the french airline plane is that disappeared.. 
back in a cab to the airport  don't know how I got up this morning!!
So sad what happened to those lost from the French airplane 
All passengers aboard the AirFrance plane have been killed......soo sad! 
I'm saddened by the lost of AF Flight 447. I wonder how it feels like to be the pilot of a nose-diving jetliner.  http://twitpic.com/6gjik
I'm saddened by the lost of AF Flight 447.  I wonder how it feels like to be the pilot of a nose-diving jetliner. http://bit.ly/u4PJr
Heading to the airport. 
@tofurious ARRRGHH!!! I wish I could jump on a plane and come! 
Oh dear.. looks like they may have found the plane 
My heart goes out to those lost off the Airbus 330 
supposedly they found plane debris 
@floodfx wow...love flight control, but only at 188 
Thoughts to families of the passengers on flight 447. 
my heart goes out to all the victims of Flight 447. so so sad 
I feel for the families of the plane crash disaster, being one myself 
I feel terrible for the families of the AirFrance flight. 
our flight is tmrw.  harhar. i'll miss you, california.
and now my luggage is lost 
R.I.P. Flight #447  #fb
sitting in the airport waiting for my plane to board.too much junk food on this trip!~ i feel yucky 
I hate that this monkey documentry clashes with Flight Of The Conchords. It better be repeated soon 
Is going to Philadelphia tomorrow. Airport at 445 am. 
@Rosalinex5 yeah i know that vid i watched this morning in JFK was sad actually 
totally addicted to flight control on my iphone....but i suck--top score of 65 
2:00 AM and still   sitting in the airport waiting on my daughters flight to come in 
@juleseys sorry for all the bad advice on the plane! 
@justinmccall Absolutely, those poor families.  #airfrance What a horrible tragedy.  I have such a fear of being in a plane crash.
airport. in this heat. nooo 
I'm so ready to be a civilian!!  jets are boring 
@robertbland apparently the plane was hit by lightening when passing through a storm 
has been on hold with Westjet for an hour already! They are having a midnight seat sale and I don't think I'm going to get thru 
@Jeanettecole yeah, they mention the plane is a fly-by-wire type so in case of electrical failure plane is uncontrollable 
@RobinTA I know there would be so many sad stories to come. We can only pray for the passengers  &amp; crew of the ill-fated plane. 
about to leave hotel for airport  bye nyc
So this is the first commercial flight I've been on where the plane is so small I have both window and isle seat - zero leg room 
Airbus 330's recorders may never be found  http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/03/france.plane.memorial/index.html
@timothyreese I doubt they'll make it with an actual cockpit. 
getting a flight with no wifi   @DeltaAirlines needs to accelerate their in-flight wifi program.
I can't believe they're going to remake Flight of the Navigator 
sitting in the airport 
Struggling with the new flight control maps! 
@davidseymour how will you ever survive the flight? 
plane is malfunctioning 
Its 3am in the morning and i can't sleep. I don't like Jet lag 
Still at the airport  bored as hell
On my way to the airport!!! No jet today  I hate TSA!!!!
@coleThorsen is leaving on a jet plane 
On the flight back to LAX. 
Is taking @bearewhyaan to the airport  i hate sad moments 
@caseyf  sending fast flight mojo!
Flight got delayed due to rain 
The plane was supposed to land at 1 50 and i still haven't heard from @marcuselzey 
@tjsdjs only for hotels though...the flights are horrid! 2 or 3 layovers sometimes 
@nnatta I know the feeling. I cried my entire flight back 
calling to see if i can change my flight. i'm bored 
On the last seat of the plane 
at the airport! i hate flying  but i love cleveland! yayyyy
This plane disapearance thing is realy starting to get wierd. And how sad it is that there is just trash floating in the sea 
Bad airport hotdogs not fun 
Right now - he's getting married &amp; I'm sleeping on an airport floor...... Just to avoid it all... 
LHR flight delayed - hanging at SFO until further notice 
tweeting from the airport. I'm bored  entertain me!! dance monkey!!
Headn to the airport 
the french open final is going to be unpredictable.  too bad I'll be on a plane 
@Luffydkenshin I'll be at LAX again  
So I get to the airport early (which I never ever do) and I find out my flight is delayed until 9:35pm!  I want to cry~
Airport alert at freaking 6am?? I wish I could have picked up a trip 
Seriously whereis it. I can fly a plane but I cannot fly thisthingGrrrrr 
@kevinlcc stop talking about the news. You're making me jealous. I'm to far away to get YYC news 
Sitting at airport waiting for my flight, international flying has so many rules! I need a drink and a fluffy pillow, hate flying alone 
the aircraft carrier level in the new Flight Control update sucks bawlz! it's too fast! now I HATE aircraft carriers  boooo..
Completely slept thru alarm- woke up at 640am. Flight from newark-calgary. 8am. 
waiting for my flight, the airport is ridiculously cold  I look I sheltering myself from a snow storm...
never relying on my alarms again to wake up...totally just missed my flight 
I've never accidentally missed a flight until just now 
ahh!! been up since 3...so messed up. hate jet lag... who doesn't 
up &amp; at 'em, taking shawna to the airport. no gas stations open @ 5am 
@bowwow614 damn I just missed y'all  my flight left at 630
@crystalvip why are you so anxious?   is it because we've been seperated for so long?  i'll see you wednesday.  be safe flying, babyyy.
WTF is a runway issue? boo at delayed flight 
just dropped them off at the  airport 
@lrwher couldn't change my flight! stuck in chicago 
24 hours left before LAX--&gt;PHL 
taking meagan to the airport 
Another crazy storm! I hope my flight doesn't get delayed!!! Or cancelled 
Dropping off the rental and then going to the airport  toodles puerto rico
getting ready to board the plane to detroit. i just left my b.f.f. at the security check...i'm sad   *tori*
Flight Simulators are not my friend.    I'd be awesome if it wasn't for all the crashing.
It's great to spend some time with family I haven't seen in a few years. If only my and kids could have made the trip to SFO 
@prinsezha aww, you left! we didn't even get to go swimming  how was your flight? missing you already.
@prinsezha ~ aww, you left! we didn't even get to go swimming  how was your flight? missing you already.
Airline lost my luggage! 
Airport trouble, safe zones an terminals make me tired 
@RyanCrowTV stuck at the airport 
Just saw the flight attendants board the plane. Not impressed, what a let down 
apparently they've found bodies floating near brazil from the #airfrance flight! scary! 
At the airport. 
At Pearson Airport, 26C in #yyz. Not looking forward to snow in #yyc 
@slimthugga that would be me. I have never been on a plane before 
Shit. My seat has an actual outlet, not the special plane outlet...and of course I only brought the plane adapter! 
went fucking jet skiing with arissa. we hit 42 mph, hehe. i'm sunburnt 
killing time at SFO... flight home from #javaone is delayed 3 hours 
Leaving the airport 
the airport 
has to watch out 4 planes becuz im hes so fly 
has just changed her flight back to england. why do i have to leave hollywood? 
Flight delayed again.  We r never gonna get home.
is taking @tranimal18 to the airport 
@still_unwritten  I was really excited about that pilot.
@heavyharts sounds like fun! They probably wouldn't want you to bring me on the flight. They'd stick me with the luggage. 
still waiting to go on the airplane...getting impatient! 
just dropped @thesansinator off at the airport.  so sad.
On my way to the airport...vacation is over  ...
stayed up too late, now I am afraid of going to bed and missing my flight 
@mollydotcom no, no free wifi at airport 
headin' to tha airport in half 
I loathe waiting at airports. 
Flight control PB 45  
waved off her brother and niece at T4 LHR today 
waiting for our departure flight to philly. don't  feel so hot 
At the airport, not feeling well.. 
drop off my parents at the airport 
Airport....ill be fine when we reach our destination. I miss Mere 
Sitting by the pool listening to a bit of telepathe, soaking in the hot sun..  Flight back to the urban jungle at 2:00pm 
So close... They stopped boarding, due to &quot;Air Traffic delays&quot; in SFO. First Class passengers already on the plane. Now 10:55 departure 
@macdevnet Serves you right for flying over early. I'm still jet lagged, so feeling really awake... and have been since 4am. 
Such a short flight! But I didn't get to nap  boooooooo
passengers who are still lost at sea.. 
Missed my flight...sitting at the LAX Airport...wont make it to Memphis til 8pm 
About to take him to the airport 
My flight is delayed..... Says we will leave at 1:30..... I was supposed to land at 1:30 
No on flight wifi like @clint. 
Sitting with my polar bear at the airport before she leaves 
laying in an airport waiting for my plane to hawaii. it suck. airports are cold. 
Just dropped @SallyLovern off at the airport 
@scjgreen a flight for me is too long and too expensive  as for announcements I haven't really been paying attention to the rumours hahaha
taking becca to the airport.. tear 
flew the light twin earlier, practiced engine-out procedures and single-engine instr appchs, and was behind the aircraft all day   #fb
Flight is booked. We can't sit next to each other 
Just grabbed some yogurtworld and is heading to the airport 
finally done packing and i just found out my flight tomorro is a f'n small plane  wtf kind of stuff is that, i already hate flying
@CaliAshleigh Girllll naw, I was hecka tired we went Jet Sking and u ended up with jet lag... 
This airport has no fast food 
@dshanley sorry we couldn't make lunch  Flight was delayed by an hour and reached hotel etc ard 1:30ish, just got wifi just now to tweet
I want to eat something but going down two flights of stairs and coming back up then doesn't sound so great to me 
@EdwardLawrence I wish! It's a quick stop, no changing planes 
@ricardla no! I am leaving tomorrow ! Ah! Plane  u in cincy yet?
Supposed to leave in 20 min. Plane isn't here. They haven't said it's delayed yet, but found the plane with 20 min until landing. 
Genuinely addicted to Flight Control thanks to an insatiable desire to beat @aboyabroad 's high score. It's not gonna happen tho 
bummed my big sis is delayed @ SFO when she could be hanging out w me.  @ 901 columbus getting some work done.
got a flight change, still not looking forward to leaving 
At LAX to see my mommy leave to the philippines 
@Rookbeats that just made me really sad...  I want to throw him from a moving plane.
Missed My flight!!! 
#*@? airlines - They left my bag @ EWR, &amp; with a 4 hr. connection, 2 
in what is starting to feel like my natural habitat... an airport terminal 
on the way to soekarno-hatta airport :3 jakarta is soo damn hot 
So.. So...tired after flight  http://myloc.me/3TvF
@plaintruthiness no it's not free on the plane.. 
So.. So..tired after flight  http://myloc.me/3Twl
Dammn you Stansted Airport - I cant get a direct flight to Oslo anymore. Eugh Gatwick it is then 
@fulltimecasual I almost brought it when I was in SFO, wondering if I should have 
My Indigo Flight 189 delayed due to &quot;vip traffic&quot; at delhi airport 
wishes booking a flight were easier... 21 hours on several planes doesnt sound to good to me... 
@CourtneyDuBois yay! How was the flight? I'm at midway 
is off to the airport. mike's sfo flight in 3 hours..  http://plurk.com/p/1124kb
Being hungover on. Plane sucks  not looking forward to this
is headed to the airport. How sad 
flight attendants just arrived. naaahhhhhh b, you cud have em. 
just left my fam @ the airport! 
Just got to the airport.. Not feelin so well 
@tkpleslie I'm so sorry  when I go, I intend to go out with a bang, so no one has to sit around waiting for the inevitable. Skydiving...
epic ending to flight of the conchords, but i'm sad because they probably won't make another series 
taking a trip to the airport, but unfortunately not actually goin anywhere   follow @peterfacinelli !!! #squarespace
@derrickhoh Awww i can't send u off at airport...  But glad that u enjoyed chatting with ur fans that came at the airport there.
On my way to the airport  my flight is at 7pm -.-
@bradhfh well, I hope you don't even if you do think me having to sleep on an airport floor in kuala lumpa is funny! 
taking my roomie to the airport   so sad
@explodedsoda airports just aren't fun anymore 
@nlinnagain i wish i could be.. but im pretty sure i wont be able to afford the plane ticket. 
Waiting to check baggage at charlotte airport 
@JWonggg delayed flights always suck! 
There's a woman on our flight who could easily use 2 seats  She's motivating me to never eat again.
@mileycyrus now because of you i want to go for a jet skiing 
booking a flight for the hubby... i'll miss him 
Gauging from the wait at security at san diego lindbergh field airport I'd say we're losing the war on terrror. 
This isn't as funny now  http://bit.ly/KLM1t
is annoyed that only the really long flights are in policy 
@wrongheaven I'm not that bad, but compared to 2 years ago when I could run up 6 flights of stairs without huffing, I'm baaad. 
greta bad weather round LHR u keep sending the planes back, what am I supposed to do with all the passengers, looks like overtime 
driving to the airport. 
flight is delayed  #fb
great, flight's been cancelled 
I have a feeling I will be cutting it close getting to my flight. . . looks like no food for me 
Taking jandro to the airport  this never gets easy.
@SouthwestAir southwest! I luv you guys but lately it seems every other flight I'm on is delayed! 
Now back to riding in the passenger seat 
Off to the airport!! 
is not on the plane  didnt get passport in time. and no good flights going to lisbon for a week
The FAA intentions to up pilot safety and training are well recieved, but will it increase the quality of life for the regional pilot..NO 
dropped the fam off at the airport in albany.... i misss Ualbs!!!! 
@lety419 I thought u were in the plane boarded and gone!!! Awww 
Is waiting on another delayed flight 
bowwow614 u would land when im already on mah plane 
Wow, I really miss flying and waiting in airports...seriously 
About to leave for the airport 
I never been on a airplane before 
@robinfincktwits awww...i miss fire flies! 
Turns out, furiously reloading the tracking page on FedEx.com does not expedite your package. In other news, I leave for EWR a/p in 3 hrs 
@KISStheBOY cause i want to get off the plane 
i'm such a frequent flyer noob...signed up for flying blue but didn't register my first flight 
Sun &amp; rain on my way to Frankfurt Airport. Computer starts very slowly. My tie isn't the ideal one for today... 
My relationship w/ @jetblue is starting to feel oddly abusive. I remain loyal...only to be repeatedly beaten down by travel delays... 
Flight to Frankfurt delayed 
just about to leave to go to the airport 
Standing in the airport. Not going anywhere just working! 
@checkerpine awww, no fair!! i've never used singapore airlines  hiks hiks. hahahaha
@dannykurily hahah aww  I hate when flights get delayed!
Wow - booking flights is really hard work  how do I know which is cheapest?
Hot and smelly bus, public lavatory travel! 
1 more hr and ill be on a plane to manila.. wish i could bring my bike 
I didn't lose it. Airline did. I checked it in. It nvr appeared thereafter 
Sitting in the airport and I just realized I have no boo to talk to or to tell me to have a safe flight..aww 
my flight is late boarding 
Just dropped Michelle off at O'Hare Airport and I miss my little sister already... 
Leaving on a jet plane [ do miss you  ]
@YannoriETS   I can, but I have to be careful with landings.  It's more that I have to wear ugly shoes and it hurts.  
back in jakarta. the flight was horrible.. the turbulance keeps me on guard all the time. 
Plane #2....still no sleep...wishing I couldve gone to rock night with @espinosa22 and @colione 
@flight0001  sorry to hear that. It doesn't work for me either.
getting ready to drop them off at the airport 
@airynothing   Maybe change into them as soon as you get off the plane, before you get out of security? (Where are you going?)
No snakes on my plane 
My flight is delayed  I just want to be home!
Arrived at Gatwick far too early and got more than an hour until check-in even opens 
is about to get on the plane to go back to the states 
Tracking sister's Delta flight back to #ATL with Flight Explorer. Going to miss her and my niece.    http://bit.ly/wWXSK
Is fed up of green flies grrrr 
Just landed at the las vegas airport. I sure wish they had blackjack instead of those dumb slot machines.... 3 hour layover ftl 
I can't go  the cheapest flight: $400 (and it's not even out of charleston)
ugh! I've searched for the unaccompanied minors rule for SeaTac Airport and can't find them 
At the airport drinking starbucks. Plane delayed 
Airport security &amp; crying babies 
Flight delays suck 
British Airways asks staff to work without pay http://is.gd/13ITa  #traveltuesday #travel #ba
At the airport! 
so sad I can't book the 400$ roundtrip flight to tokyo! 
Ace is at the airport earlier than we expected  oh wells
Currently sitting in edinborough airport, we have six hours to kill before flight  excited tho 
i want to get on a plane! 
recovering from another failed flight experience 
@GreedyGeniuss I missed my flight, bia! I'm sorry 
@jnovianty i bought the plane ticket back alr........ 
Plane made weird noise   love u all!
Early morning airport blues 
@SpiderxBear awwww i am going to adelaide! flying over from perth  too bad you wont be there
@allankent @hanlie @blindcripple Something wrong with the plane, had to disembark, flight's delayed by at least 2.5 hours. 
totally @reese the airline is selling out the good seats fast, it was an A380 which I really wanted to try 
Just dropped my gamma off at the airport 
Another Aviation exam booked for tomorrow - if I nail that one then I only have 4 more to do 
@kristuh haha I'm headed that way. I'm at jfk airport 
at LAX droppin' off my mom &amp; sis... ima miss 'em 
@boingo What would make Aunt Benet happy is a reason why Boingo wireless on the iPod/Touch didn't work at BWI Airport. 
At the Airport now. I hate airplanes I'm scared. 
Just dropped C off at the airport 
missing my flight attendant 
At the airport, waiting to board! I miss my Minabear already. 
not ready to take you to the airport... 
@Danigurl812 ah i WISH ! lol!.. too bad flying is so damn expensive 
flights to new orleans in july are like $400.  
waiting in the airport. vacation is over 
@ddlovato you just called the plane ugly. thats not nice 
is either booking a flight....or driving 
@lalalanet dang  well we could meet up halfway lol.. then take a jet plane around the world... deal? lol
@AaronStrout you make the flight? I did not 
@AustinWilde well stupid airports anyhow im sorry leave 
going to the airport soon.. 
Flight's delayed  But supposedly we'll get into LAX only 5 min later than scheduled!
@skimtheocean ha! you expect politeness in airport/plane? not gonna happen, unless you're a super-frequent flyer 
On my way to SFO. I will miss receiving tweets on my phone. 
@ShazamSF I was trying to get a scholarship for free flights they just denied me  so i had to pay myself
i just saw a plane crash from final destination. i need a teddy bear!!! 
Bout to take my bd to the airport...i miss him already 
just got back from the airport... traffic is scary 
is finally catching her connecting flight to athens! wishing @ Alcioneg and @GabyF were here 
just dropped shelley at the airport 
Taking sammi to the airport 
flight delays at BWI 
@stephanielcalip still on runway! Plane probs 
Touched down back at heathrow. Now for the layover. 
I've been a silly boy ..been quoting a BA freq flyer no exp 5yrs ago! ,000s of lost airmiles. &amp; only just joined Quantas: can claim 1 flt 
@lizTWTS3 LOL, you cant travel by plane when your preggo   &lt;3
Missed my flight   damn elevated terrorist level...praying for a standby miracle..
Hoping this won't be a flight from hell; plane looks like a schoolbus. 
great.. getting on flight shortly and I hear this!!  
Having an issue with an award flight via JetBlue... in a quandry about what to do--  didn't mean to rhyme btw! Help #Jetblue
@jordanknight i will if i can afford it and if i can get on the plane... (scared) 
cruise is over  waiting in the san diego airport for yet ANOTHER 3 hours. ah but it will be good to be home :]
still at the airport 
Spending the next few hours at the tulsa airport since there are no earlier flights 
leaving miami...n plane now V and I are not sitting together 
Getting ready to board my plane. Ugggghh. 
a plot died halfway through a flight 
flight delayed and freezing! 
I made you a comic but there's no free wireless in dallas airport. 
@alexstraughn make sure u check luggage rules for real! I had to pay 120$ to get my luggage here 
Never thought I'd say this, but I want to go back to the airport 
Packing up for the flight back....fun 
What's with all these plane accidents. A pilot just died during flight. Now I'm really scared to get on a plane. 
is sitting in the Atlanta Airport waiting on a delayed flight 
Flight's delayed... possibly missing my flight back to NOLA... may be sleeping at Bush international tonight.... 
SO my mom wants to go on vacation  when TSA comes here. I'm gonna' fake sick or convince my aunt to come home before. 
online at LAX in Qantas Club, 4 hour wait for my flight 
@t0ybreaker B., Spirit only goes from LAX to ORD via FLL - 2 separate tickets.  Total &gt; $402   Waited too long to grab that $299, clearly.
tempted to book a flight to manila 
We are delayed even more  and hopefully leaving soon  trapped on plane   pls just kill me
Flight delays suck 
@drhikaru and why am i not there to see you at LAX?!?!   
@briannamichele do they have in n out at LAX? cos i'll totally be there on sunday, and i'll be hungry! (yucky airplane food  blech)
Has some seriously sore quads from lifting heavy speakers up 4 flights of stairs for strike 
@bobstar_87 I usually get airsick  but once I landed I was fine
I just had to say goodbye to all my travel friends  like the guy i sit next to every flight and my favorite flight attendant. So sad 
Flight back home delayed for an hour 
stuck in the airport cuz of a missed flight 
Flying with not so good looking flight attendants 
anyone know how to open files from Terminal in #coda and/or #espresso ? would be really useful. http://tr.im/p20E didn't work for me 
packing and to the airport 
Still in RDU... 
@danadearmond i could have been on the next flight  i would make out.
Sit'n at the airport, bored and have the damn munchies 
@junglejulia send the private jet to get me!  (i wish) ahah
I want to go home and I haven't even gone on the plane yet 
Coming to terms with a 100% full flight and a middle seat 
This is a bumpy a$$ flight 
The delays at the airport have started 
looks like a packed flight again 
i miss skate boarding so much 
In the airport getting ready to leave vegas 
After all that.... The flights are full.  I am really not ok with this.
Huge queues at Gatwick customs ... on top of 50 min flight being 50 min late 
Is delayed with easy jet 
@undomesticdiva  Only way you'll get a flask through airport security is if it has less than 3 oz. in it, properly secured in plastic bag 
flight has been delayed...still at cancun airport 
Flight is toast--cancelled! I'm now re-booked for tomorrow and heading *back* home. What a great way to spend the last 6 hours of my day! 
I just realized that I actually am going to miss my 6 hour TSA marathons.  
Headed to the airport 
Continental Airline pilot dies while flying plane.  Fortunately, it was safely landed by other pilot.
 and our second flight is canceled.
I would be leaving on a jet plane ... if my flight hadn't been pushed back two hours. 
I think my flight is delayed   its not here yet
Going to the airport  I hope the plane doesn't crash.
@bwbconference My flight was delayed 2 hours for takeoff and we sat on the runway 20 minutes 
I always stress outwaiting to drop my bag at the airport 
Shit, we are stuck on the plane due to storms. Landed but waiting on tarmac. 
@megamegss tomorrow! We're leaving the hotel at like, 430.. and the flight is at 645 
I'm sleeping in a plane stuck on the runway in chicago.... all I want to see is the arch. 
I'm on the dumb plane now 
full flight. scored an aisle seat, but yet again no wifi on my southwest airline flight. 
taking grandma to the airport 
at the airport waiting for my flight... i got here too early.. 
@WeTheTRAVIS i just heard about that pilot who died that u were talking about 
At the airport, all checked in and ready to go! Buhbye flat 73 
@Gennygirl I bought a ticket but can't afford the plane ride now I'm so bummed! 
@brixxx_b your luggage!!! It hurts  I can't move it, and I had to tape it up!
sitting at the McCarran Airport in vegas...my flight doesn't leave til 12:40 
Ugh cillas boarding her plane 
@MereMusic  I seem to keep getting stuck on flights with out wifi 
Leaving for the airport in under an hour. Flight isn't till around three though so won't be there till around 7 
@ airport, drinking xpresso &amp; waiting 4 plane 2 take off 
Waiting on plane arriving delayed by 15 mins so far 
@DrAwab what's that????? A fancy camera ?? @ shanghai airport here friggin planes delayed 
low, misty, rainy clouds. Doesn't look like I'm going anywhere in a Cessna today 
Oh no.  The maintenece team is on the plane 
Maybe all these closed roads and detours to LAX mean im not supposed to get on a  plane! the nerves are hitting me now   reminding me  ...
@KourtneyKardash: I do!! I love flying.. unless the TV monitor in front of me is broken, which happened on my last long haul flight 
@danger_skies woooo pictures! Heathrow is soooo boring. And Rhuby doesn't like all this traveling, she's very sore 
@dw2 don't suppose this one is live streamed anywhere? Really wanted to go but jet lag means I've only just woken up 
the aircraft is fine. not so good for the poor little bird 
Off to the airport  sad to be leavingg
@ the newark airport waiting for my connection back home  so sad
In the Munich Airport. Very classy first class lounge for Lufthansa (no, we're not flying FC). The keg of Franziskaner seems to be dead 
Cleaning out the cabin 
woah it is smaller than guernsey airport! with delays 
At the airport. 
boo rain  I wanted to go to the airshow.
Continental Flight to Newark cancelled. Next flight they put me on is delayed, going to miss connection. Ugh. 
@MISSDIONNE2U I know! I was sooo hurt! I missed my flight 
oh I feel so unclean .. booked a flight on Ryanair 
Flight delayed 
Still at the airport. 
 @ JFK International Airport http://loopt.us/PPYZTQ.t
Just got back from dropping my uncle off at the airport 
@snicketeer the flight was long and boring. I couldn't fall asleep 
Vacation is over &amp; it's time to go back to FL. Flights are delayed d/t rain @ JFK 
hope my flight takes off on-time, there were alot of delays due to the storms last night. there's peeps sleeping on the floor at Ohare. 
my flight is delayed 
@craziisocks I left on vacation and I was freaking out at the airport. I hate flying   and boats lol
At the airport 
I really hate airports 
@ojdancingboy  i'm going to the airport with you. you just need to let me know all the flight info.
I miss working at the airport.   
waiting at the airport-missed my flight earlier &amp; am now delayed coming home 
In LAX and my man is not here  what are yall doing?
I'm irritated..... As always..... When I get off of a flight..... It didn't help that the turbulance were crazy.  I need a nap...
sitting at the airport... 
Airports suck when you aren't the one leaving or arriving  depressing...
at sac international airport . I'm actually getting sad now , she's really leaving 
@caseeyrae aww i'd come to bondi but im kinda going to the airport 
Heading back to the airport  http://yfrog.com/18pdoej
Airport only sells Fiji water  but I have to take meds
leaving for the airport 
Sitting at the airport... Saying good bye to the tias 
@LMWspeaks i was about to watch it on the flight home but the planes audio was messed up 
Ughhh i lost my drivers licence at the airport! 
@BBismyBB I thought they were supposed to fly too but there was no flying 
@itschelseastaub  that sucks that you missed your connection   i hope you can get a new flight soon!
Sitting in Honolulu Airport... going home  I really wish we could stay longer...
At LAX waiting for flight soooo boring 
@iamwally well what else. We missed our flight to blore and got no refund. Then took another flight 
Heading to the airport 
getting ready to board the plane... pray 4 me! 
At the airport problem with our tickets 
Up at stupid o'clock to take the parents to the airport. 
@abcdefglynis back to sg.  should be in the plane now
Bristol Airport is pants. Nearly every flight has been delayed.  http://twitpic.com/7zzhq
Taking kelly to the airport  I hope she doesn't get stolen
Heading to the airport and reality. 
left nick at the airport 
taking al to the airport 
We're all in the plane, and we all want to stay 
at the airport.  i dont want to go home!
Just dropped off shauno at the airport 
Flight delayed 
my flight is delayed which means i am going to miss my connecting flight  i'm so pissed!
@michaelsheen curious question: how many frequent flyer miles have you got and from which airline?? I only hv 110,00 from delta 
getting ready to head to LAX. i always hate leaving... sad times. 
At my 2nd home....DFW Airport...I hate regional jets for fts over 2hrs. 
I'll ask for a bulkhead or exit row seat when I board though. Airtran has squishy little seats. 
off the plane and starting to recuperate, no more planes for me 
@cloudave  I am at the airport with flight delayed by 3+ hours. Not happy 
Escaping from the plane bc I'm too sad to leave.   not really but I wish 
on the plane as we speak... waiting to depart. wish me luck. 
can't seem to beat my personal best of 46 landings though 
ok im already feeling some kinds way bout dis express jet now my flight is delayed so were all just chilling in the plane 4another hour 
Waiting in airport...thinking I might fall asleep. I'm tired. 
At the airport, so far we didn't get seats together! 
Flight booked to malibu yay! Only a month and a half to wait now 
@Keagon45 i'm soooooo jealous that you're all at the cabin right now! 
Bout to board the plane 
@stephanie04  i want to be on my plane!!!
Apparently dropping my ipod down a flight of stairs makes it not work 
My Eflite P47 is officially dead, It was  one of my favorite planes, it will be missed 
@zarias I've never been on a plane with wifi 
fresh delay for the Boeing Dreamliner http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8115147.stm  
missed her flight.   the airport is freaking abuzz. where are all these people headed?! was able to get a seat for next flight.
Airports are just not very fun places 
I have now come to terms that Concorde has no place today 
Just about to get on the plane 
structure collaps at McCarren Airport  traps 5 ironworkers 
Missed my flight 
Airports can be very sad 
ah lanseria airport...they call this a airport? hallelujah! elijahs plane is delayed 
In my defense she always arrives late and airport parking is brutal...how was I to know today would be the exception 
Just dropped mommy off to the airport... I miss her already...  http://myloc.me/5guF
@LynzMichelle  safer than driving...have a safe flight
@BethanyMcFlyX  feel sick, i'm scared... bout my imminent plane crash  
Heading to the airport 
The airport ran out of gas  .. And there's a guy outside of the airport filming us sitting here.
At the airport and my lounge pass has expired. I will have to sit with the public 
#lax the los angeles international airport luggage x-ray check in line....longer than the entire airport!!  sad face 
getting on the plane catch you when i get back to columbus 
waiting for takeoff 
is off to Edinburgh Airport then to work after  one more day till the weekend 
i'm going to the airport now, i'll miss you sister 
i'm going to the airport now, i'll miss you little sister 
So happy I bought @wired to read. Flight just delayed 
At Durban int. Airport. Waiting over a hour to pay 15 kg over weigh luggage 
I gotta go to Airport soon and i know it's gonna be bad Traffic 
our parakeet flew outside and we are trying to find him! saw him on a branch...he was to quick and he flew...i miss him 
@mahsataheran I haven't canceled my flight yet, but I think I'll have to do. 
long lines at the airport 
Wth. Plane ticket prices went up all of a sudden 
 virgin blue really dropped the ball today. Flight delayed 3 times, 3 different gates. And my boarding pass and seat had to be changed.
@vieirasboots I fly if need be, I'm sure I'd be terrified of flying over water. Just seems lately there's so many plane accidents 
sedey bace cite MAS Flight 653.. 
@noternie noo its a booked flight 
Airport at four thirty in the morning 
@dunkindonuts_ waiting at the airport 
@felixcartal are you flying British Airways there? 
Short security lines equal less times with my friends at the TSA 
and of course my suitcase had to get broken after one of my flights... 
@Airport_Dieppe grrr!!  I should of gone out last night when the clouds gave way! (
Sitting on the plane waiting for everyone to board.... thankfully it's only bout 1.25hr flight... of course it's a small plane tho 
man.. this boarding process is taking aaaagggesss! i really need to use the plane's bathroom! 
Oh my gosh, I wish we would've taken a plane. 
Moms telling me the news says there was an accident on Airport out by Trahern last night, one dead two injured... Says it was teens. Uhoh 
sitting in airport waiting for deladed flight!!!! 
Our flight to atlanta got canceled! Wtf? 
@DonnieWahlberg you are making me so jealous...talking about it makes me want to jump on a plane right now and be there..wish I could 
packpackpack. leaving my comfort zone yet again; i keep on doing this to myself  luggage is overweight, for sure #fb
Airport on the way to Florida! Lonely by myself 
@tatianneesq tell my why southwest lost @Izinger luggage... That sucks 
I can't get past 79 on flight control. 
Missed My flight 
Oh wonderful. Flight delay. I'll get into prague after 8 now 
leave approved! europe here i come  thanks singapore airlines for the cheap flights 
Thinking of my bro who is only midway in a 15 flight, thoughts are with you, but glad I'm not 
just arrived at Dulles. it's freezing and I'm on no sleep, but.....I'm happy. 
@ Airport in Frankfurt... love the weather, love the planes  I'm a Freak^^
@swedal If the plane is going down, the velocity is too high to jump out. The drag would kill you. So parachutes are no help. 
@jessys1134 welcome aboard 
@BillCrosby I hope you're not the pilot 
@ddlovato happy flight!!! 
@ddlovato have a good flight 
Finally boarding the flight now  sf here i come!
@travolution *shakes head* It seems Ryanair just can't stay out of the headlines  http://tinyurl.com/c4mwqd
@mileycyrus have a safe flight and have fun!! 
@xentighecrewe - thx, I'll be on the next flight 
@limburger2001 if by flight you mean train to the central coast and if by waiting you mean on it, certainly. 
Is on teh plane catch u later 
@Marielhemingway Yeaaa, the plane finally landed. 
@Pwincez101 wat a cute coupLe tayLor is cute and so is seLena.. i saw the vid they met on LAX.. 
@phadden have a safe flight!!  x
There are some nice @jetblue employees on this flight #345 bos to jfk this morning. 
Up up up early, being a chaufeur this morning  Airport pickup!
@pressdarling LOL. I was at the airport quickly checking in before I had to turn it off.  ... It was pretty close (albeit unspecific) 
is leaving on a Jet plane  All my bags are packed, I'm ready to go
getting ready/ airport/ jamaica 
@kirstenwright Have a good flight. 
@ClaytonMorris apologies for delayed response - I am a priest and had to do services.  Also, retired airline pilot.
@lyndalpn Have a nice flight 
@tommcfly i'll go in the plane with you!  haha
@tommcfly Flight of the Conchords 
@_naKi my flight's been canceled as previously tweeted. but goodnight 
On the plane flying higher to jump!  http://twitpic.com/3i44g
Getting ready for the early flight... joy. 
On the plane flying higher to jump!  http://twitpic.com/3i44g
@ijustine Flight Control: my high score is 324 
@chrisguillebeau Here's something to make Terminal 8 your own music club  http://wearehunted.com/
@AmyatTiffanys We're next to each other on the plane! 
@jeffpulver   have a nice flight
missing my hubby...he's away on a business trip to SFO....hes actually at a baseball game right now..lucky guy....working really hard huh 
getting ready and leaving for the airport.  !!
Spotify ==&gt; Airfoil ==&gt; Airport Express 
@Georgecraigono ooooh have a nice flight! 
@Djelbie when exactly are you coming back? Also, would you like me to come pick you up at the airport? If so, please send flight details. 
@jamesmarcusbach The autopilot isn't, then.  
@cathk74  you'll be able to nap while you wait for your baggage to be delivered to your cabin 
@tarjeiah I heard they stopped selling it at the airport because it stunk up the planes so bad when people opened the boxes in-flight. 
at the airport... west coast baby! time to see familyyyyy 
has a heavy luggage! and is leaving on a jetplane soon to melb!!! 
going to the airport... 
At Heathrow and staying here for a while. Flight leaves at 7 pm local time (GMT), but at least there is a lounge here and internet 
My mummy will not let me buy Airport the app it's really good 
Still n celebration mode!!! Gettn ready 2 hop on this flight!! 
@RosiePaley not really, I'm going to the airport now 
is packing my luggage 
@RobertPattz have a safe flight  haha
we are at orlando airport, flight now scheduled for 8:10, bought freeze dried ice cream from nasa store 
on the plane. arrival to philadelphia.. 1040. no school for me tomorrow  just in case im flight 628 
@TerrenceJ106 next time you should try to get a jet blue flight.  They have yet to let me down 
@jmerten5 If you want to buy a plane ticket, you're more than welcome to come  LOL
@bklyncookie hang in there! It'll be worth it when you're relaxing in the plane. 
Nonononnononoonono monday!!! *sigh* I must go to sleep now.. One more day till Flight of The Conchords  Why do I feel so nervous??? bleh
@sajith be careful dude  the flight fares tax you too much.
woo my imac is really loud when burning cds.  jet plane WOOOOOObrrrrrrr
@hrcolors Maybe it had a hot date with a nice little Cesna. 
in the airport!!!  only 8 hours til hoommee!
@bobbiehouston haha that photo is too funny! I hope he wasn't disturbed by passengers too much during the flight 
At the airport waiting 
@sammoran BTW, 'nathanfillion' is trying to beat his Flight Control score as well, maybe you should follow each other? 
@RWAneesa have a safe flight... 
pilot to co-pilot baby we burnin' up   /i cannot stress how much this line works. 
waiting for the plane at the airport   so exited bout going to tasmania see ya when i get back
@inflight1  we get so bored with routine.. lol!
Heading to the airport 
@KerronClement Have a good flight!  
en route 2 the airport!! la bound 
off to JFK (again), should be in texas soon. 
Sitting in Gatwick- going home for a week! cant wait to see family 
at the airport, personally knowing the curb agents, TSA and gate agents always makes for a great start to my trips 
@DavidArchie i think you should pull an all nighter and then just sleep on the plane 
@MariahCarey you looked really pretty when you arrived in LAX. 
@DavidArchie good night david! the flight 2 the philippines is about 22 hours long so jst watch every movie and sleep in the plane haha 
Jet finished washing the beemer!! Now that bitch is beammmin!! European cut fly shit  http://twitpic.com/4yqv9
at brisbane airport using the qantas club wireless 
@rina_spn maybe but i am SO not complaining! 
is watching airplane! 
Lunch was yummi :p .. looking up some flights and train connections 
@British_Airways forget the perks, I just want more premium award seats on gcm route to burn miles..why not ? 
After almost 4 hours on the runway our flight just got cancelled and I have no idea what I am gonna do.  But at least, I'm still smilin 
The flights are booked! 
@tiare_ lol but i guess you already landed. it's only a half hour flight.  so i hope it was great and safe. have fun with that luggage
@nineohtoo u mean stupid airport 
@rumplesES hey do u know how we could get tickets at LAX on their 22nd/samro event? thanks much, happy day to you! 
airport  boarding in 30 minssss
@Jonasbrothers yay! have a great plane ride.  peace out.
@Jonasbrothers have fun on the plane haha 
106 in Flight Control. 
Is watching and photographing a military airshow 
you should've booked a flight. 
@paulineANNtan you should've booked a flight! 
Headed to LAX feeling like a complete zombie and praying for no flight delays -good morning 
@stevesumpton yes I do agree! Flight was good, got to sleep most of the way! 
@PushPlayCJ wooh LAX I was there this morning 
Just landed in SFO - thanks @VirginAmerica 
On the plane...off to paradise ahhhhhh!!!!  
@ManyaS awww, I'm sure they're missing you, too! But have fun in SFO. 
in-flight wi-fi plus ebay.com could possibly equal a much more expensive flight than normal. thankfully I'm not paying for the flight 
I just took a tree through airport security 
@djvice invest in a jump rope and start jumping around while waiting for flights and cabs!! it works 
Picking up my daddy from the airport! 
getting ready to board my flight to Dulles, but before I do, here's a picture from this morning  http://twitpic.com/5dgxw
is wondering when do I get started packing...? Flight goes in less than 24hrs. Too much work though on such a nice and sunny day 
@oclark03 I miss you lovie.  I hope your flight went well 
@GrumH I didn't know you were a pilot ? 
Airport heading back to my life-style. 
@TferThomas I'm glad u had a safe flight 
At the flight of the conchords show 
flight canceled!!! 
@fotofobe It can be done, but beware that some TSA fool may rip apart your bag and not put things back where they were. Arrive early. 
Waking up at 0430 to catch a plane is not so fine... Private jets sound so good 
@DavidArchie how was your flight? 
just scored 83 on flight control 
@8leo @edsouza5 me tooo! ill be the luggage carrier! 
@WildPaw  i am very observant, no flies on me!
@thecosmicpope haha my flight control high score is now 211 
@tommcfly i hope you're feeling better for the flight here 
@willowj sun backing on magnetic island.... It's a hard life I tell you... Jet skiing, sunsets, pina coladas 
@dzuelke What's your obsession with Lufthansa? 
Sitting at Heathrow Terminal 3 waiting for my flight to Oslo and already missing my Son and Wife 
kicking off the bday at BWI with 7am flight  but the wknd was so worth it!
@lasseburholt I just might do it, depending on the elevation of the plane compared to the earth 
@klm are you kiddin' I need free wireless on every flight, no magazines 
- watching Flight of the Conchords  happy times for this and tonight 
@DavidArchie Glad you didn't have to feel the earthquake! Flight delays into LAX are sometimes a good thing. 
Memories of nic airport.  it was early, just now I am alone.
@sarahwilkes which means you SHOULD be at the airport around 4:30 or so. 
less than an hour in the airport &amp; already a funny story! waiting to board my plane...soon i'll be texas bound! 
@fossiloflife ..... some place ( i forgot the name) an hr or so from Cochin Airport .. in betn are u keralite ? 
@beamadelica ha! great stuff!  i use a few of those already ;) thanks! Flight Control tips : http://tinyurl.com/o9dwbf
I'm high like plane!   (I'm high on paint)
okay, now i am really off ... maybe i still tweet some on the airport while waiting at the gate 
And we've got to the off site carpark, now to get to the airport 
@bradiewebbstack epic win :] haha, i'm about to watch snakes on a plane though 
Changing flights from 0830 to 1045 was definitely a wise move 
@ronlieber  i'm pretty sure it's the parachuting plane.
@triciabuck I wish! Airports suck! 
catching up on flight of the conchords online. ahh jemaine i love you 
@ItsJustDi we'll start in a Cessna and see how it goes 
Going to catch her plane now. 
Yay, 2 new flight control maps coming in the next update   A beachside runway and aircraft carrier
@MariaBernal yesh you can  you get in a plane 
at the airport. @carlriseley ill be seeing you tonight sunshine 
@ramblingwebgirl time for some record breaking on Flight Control!... get well 
@BrodyJenner been there...you'll have fun  have a safe flight!
mystery jets forever 
@shaundiviney the male host on my plane thought you were cute lovey 
