Most common words for this cluster:
[('flu', 797), ('swine', 417), ('infection', 50), ('virus', 37), ('http', 30), ('sniffles', 28), ('lol', 25), ('fever', 24), ('sick', 24), ('hope', 23), ('tb', 22), ('school', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'flu', 0.8980020880699158), (u'influenza', 0.8213090896606445), (u'Flu', 0.805358350276947), (u'H#N#', 0.7931423783302307), (u'swine_flu', 0.7822663187980652), (u'H#N#_flu', 0.7818840742111206), (u'H#N#_virus', 0.7607950568199158), (u'flu_virus', 0.7565653324127197), (u'seasonal_flu', 0.718342125415802), (u'Swine_Flu', 0.7136391401290894)]





Fairly certain I have the flu. 
Off to the doctor's today emily has a rash which looks like the measles 
is with the flu... 
flu shot.. ouch 
i have the flu 
@rustyrockets will you be showing me some love you sexy swine, feeling abit lonely  go on you know you wanna ; ) x
Hoping that eating 3 naartjies will ward off these sniffles. 
Pretty sure my compy got a virus. I'm so sad 
lol i put boyz i meant bird flu 
mite have the flu  watching snl on E! entertainment
@whererujeezy I think I'm getting the flu 
downloading loads of CDC data...over 12 hours now and still not done 
I has an ear infection. 
What does it take for talk shows to address a crippling disease which is being ignored by some Drs. and the CDC. Has a friend with Lyme 
I could have the mumps! 
@crazycubchris lol i've been up... still hella blah with the flu 
@mfasil @sudeepnayak unfortunately looks like my 1TB works only Windows. In mac, it shows folders as locked!  gotta see wat to do wid  ...
is feeling very unwell and is developing a nasty flu 
must fight the flu. 
q's th effectiveness of his flu shot as a flu-like symptoms persist 
Ah fuck this flu is killing me  night all
@carmellaurora like the flu..it sucks  What about you?
I still have a flu... 
@jaime014 no it's not ..... it's either flu or nasty virus honey  xoxo
Swine Flu  Why oh why did you come to canada????
swine flu at jwu   hiding outt
Flu, cough, throaty 
@ddlovato Yay for elbow hi-fives! Swine flu has got me a little scared too 
v?a truy?n h?t 1 chai, hic... s?t virus m?i kh? 
Coming down with the flu 
I'm getting pretty tired of hearing about swine flu.  #swineflu
@SusieHomemaker1 yes have the flu (not swine!) and now my little one has it 
I just heard on the news that by the end of this year we'll all get swine flu, even vegetarians  the government is evil
So after sleeping for many hours, I'm convinced, and subsequently saddened, that I *don't* have Swine Flu. Nowhere near as epic. 
if swine flu continues, no florida vacation this year. 
@bazanna r u talking about swine flu?don't joke scary  wverytime my friend says they're sick I freak out LOL
im alive!! i have yet to catch that stupid swine flu 
i have the flu  hope its not the pig flu. dont know the difference. uni campus is a media black hole, which is nice...
that swine flu thing is getting scarier ! 
@JanersM I have sniffles tonight.  it's terrible!
getting scared of the swine flu! 
@thisisryanross does ryanross have swine flu?  
i'm actually not so fussed on swine flu....until it hits me. 
my darling B is ill.  lets hope its not that pesky swine flu
A passenger was conformed as Swine Flu case in Hongkong. He had travelled from Mexico via SHANGHAI. 
i think i still have an ear infection... 
@tommcfly OMG am i ever gonna see u guys! i was down for Mexico and now the Swine Flu! Gah fate is against me  its ok i have dvd's 
Swine Flu invading...!? naw i wanna see u pls doo nawt suspend our classes i so wanna see u 
found out i have a throat infection 
my throat hurts. and i have headache. hope its not the swine flu... 
scared about the Swine Flu :S and that I have to go to London 
my mum said I can't travel  because of swine flu!!!!
.....i need a vaccination before i got to the philippines 
i need a vaccination before i go to the philippines 
Virus on my bebo 
is watching scrubs. i have a cold  swine flu !?!? hahaha
Now I have the Flu  And no not the pig Flu.
feeling really dizzy, just nearly fainted :| ... i hope it isnt swine flu  so ill
Never mind swine flu, looks like I might be in for a dose of chicken pox 
My nephew and niece are in the hospital with a virus,  I hope its not the Swine Flu...
pray for me. i have the flu. 
@heidimontag i'm really sick  luckily i don't have the swine flu! just a fever so i'm going to bed!
@aalaap down wth flu think I'll pass 
there might be more swine flu where i live -_- 
ive got swine flu i think , lol nah its a cold 
ps. for some odd reason im scared to death of the swine flu 
lets try this...  i want revenge from wolverine  because he beat me at the kentucky derby since i had the swine flu.... 
I feel a little scared of the swine flu now. but it hasn't really hit my town, but I can't be too scared. 
Swine Flu is now in the Abilene area  Going to a wedding today..
Well, we can't say that the Swine Flu is officially here, but it's pretty scary 
@stilettoheights upstate til 2nite,  they closed a school with confirmed swine flu next to my sissy's house so I guess I didn't get away 
Swine flu has fuck-all on this beast of a hangover 
#unsettlingsaturday  Swine Flu Zombies... http://bouncewith.me.uk/europe/8027043.htm  That really does scare me!!  Zombies 
swine flu= sWHINE flu for my mother. 
scared of the swine flu. 
is sick  thank goodness no swine flu!!
@nicthaquik You are right about the swine flu but It's a new strand of hereditary material.  No one's body has seen it before...  
@Heromancer here in mexico there's no movies, damn swine flu 
still sick with the tummy flu 
Thinks she has the swine flu!  ahhhhhhhh
@alexpo does it mean we all need to grow our afros and listen to bizzare music in order to avoid catching the flu? 
Scared of the Swine Flu! So far, two schools have been closed near my job due to suspected cases! 
as it turns out, my xbox caught swine flu before i did. will be unable to chainsaw aliens via gears of war 2 for the next 4-6 weeks. 
fuck, still the cold, the flu, the grippe, it will be lovely to sit 4 ours today in the train  
swine flu's easing 
so... it's pneumonia 
god im afraid of swine flu 
@zenatplay I totally agree. Especially with everyone freaking about the swine flu. 
@vickyclare85 But if you get swine flu then I probably will too, and that would be unfortunate 
Not too happy about flying with 106 confirmed cases of the swine flu in the U.S!! 
trying to fix this pain  this is wasting my revision time. if i fail i'm sueing swine flu
Sitting on my couch feeling flu like 
 ive clearly got oink flu
@ilovecinda don't get the swine flu! 
i woke up early and i feel like shit  this octopus flu is getting ridiculous. lkasgjksa;lga
whoa! swine flu is spreading  . be careful everybody
good morning all!im still high off of Manny's 2min KO from lastnight!im also feelin betr.no Swine Flu!i think? 
Call me paranoid but I've either got food poisoning or it's the Swine Flu! 
Swine Flu H1N1-Canada reported that the virus jumped from a human to pigs-Pigs in Egypt ordered the slaughter of humans just to be safe 
is still sick  but no swine flu!
There's been cases of Swine Flu in Appache. It's gonna come to Lawton soon 
@stephnewby there is a virus going around  congestion, throw up, &amp; high fever
Traveling while suffering from the flu is no fun at all.. 
sore throat  swine?
wants to hang with alexia   wish school wasnt out, stupid swine flu!
so tired.. think i have the flu... the regular flu, not the piggy flu... 
Headed to the hospital for my mom hopefully it's not the swine flu 
Swine flu has hit our school district.   I know I'm a paranoid person, but it's scary as fuck.
I think I have swine flu 
@JoannaZuckla you have swine flu now 
why mexican flu???  that is so cruel
i think i have the swine flu 
I've got the flu - I feel like I have been hit by a truck 
Pretty sure having too much fun in the car with laura gave me swine flu. 
I hope i don't have the swine. 
H1N1 Flu was confirmed in my state! 
@McDizz90  swan flu was the best...
I think I got the flu 
#hoppusday ... no longer more important than Swine Flu 
feels sick.. i hope i dont have some type of swine flu! 
At home sick  Ps. No its not the swine flu or the H1N1 or whatever its called.
I have something wrong, swine flu, bird flu, pneumonia, black plague...I got something &amp; it sure isn't good. 
so the Swine Flu hit someone at my sosn school  schol cancelled all week! sux
i'm really starting to worry about the swine flu.. so i rang the hotline, but all i got was crackling 
@shalinique  Hopefully its not the flu 
Hayfever has taken over...stop the pollen spreading like swine flu!! 
@moonfrye Are you a hypochondriac, too? I've been one since I was a kid.   I am terrified about this flu stuff.
My throat hurts  I hope iv not caught swine flu!
@posh_josh49 i'm glad!! i think i have pig flu now though.. i'm breaking out in rashers... 
has got the sniffles 
sick! could be swine flu!! i do work with pigs &gt;.&gt; lol. but still, i am ill 
ahhh crap! i'm coming down with the flu! 
down with the flu 
More swine flu news 
do you remember when you said you would &quot;do&quot; me when pigs flew? well, Swine Flu 
is on house quarantine until further notice   damn flu
@xattabych All I got was the try my...part...I dont think its that tho...I have the flu and a ear and throat infection...not good!!! 
Today's Sinfest is FTW == Squigley Swine Flu!  poor him. #swineflu http://tinyurl.com/cq2ph5
Is starting to really worry I might have swine flu  jk but wtf is my deal!
just thought about something...@soverall12  please don't bring the swine flu with you!!! 
I just found out that there's swine flu here in L.A. 
Mrng everyone  im n class now watching a video abt the terrible AIDS epidemic 
does not have The Swine Flu. False alarm, just strep throat. 
I have a cold  so sick. It's the swine flu.
what happened to the swine flu being a trending topic?  so sad     #nerdprom
hoping not to get strep throat! 
i've got the sniffles 
mil essay research is killing me FMD! somebody help me 
My chances of getting Swine Flu before exams start are decreasing daily 
@desirage awwwwooooaaaugh!!  i'm sorry i gave you the swine flu  i swear i didn't do it on purpose this time.
happy #mothersday. although it isn't very happy on my end. with the swine flu and all. 
can't seem to shake off the flu 
# iv got the flu  i hate being sick#
i seem to have caught rookinella's &amp; twiggy's swine flu 
Recovering from the flu 
I think I have an ear infection 
Dropping off Pookster makes me a higher level of sad than just regular sad. *sniffles*  is it june yet?!
i gots the sniffles 
Ive got d Flu.. dnt worry iz not swine !!!  :/ 
@hrstevens2 I know.  I think it's the flu...... I've got too many symptoms now to ignore it so am on quarantine  
@ShelleyFinch lmao no problem, i've got flu. 
laying in bed had to wach church from the computor   i have the flu bug,,,,,
I got the flu  NOT the swine I'm going nitenite tweeples.  Gnite!
No total gym workout today,very sick with the flu from a swine! first cold in 5 years! damn it!!! 
Going across the country is so overrated. I hope none of these people have swine flu 
Has a boy with the flu 
The flu.  I have it
fever after tetanus shot 
Feeling poorly today  must be swine flu
Wow. I feel absolutely awful this morning. I've got the shakes and moving anything is painful. Swine Flu 2.0? 
Is not very well..Bloody Flu 
I have a cold or flu or something  It sucks.
Answering phones and readin a bible, swine flu has hit northern ireland? I bet i get it and die, i just no it 
strep throat 
Strep throat 
@ankita_gaba you dont have to feast on pigs to get it.. it spreads like general flu.. through another infected person coughing,etc 
Shirley is disappointed trip to China has to be postponed due to Swine Flu 
I'm lying in bed with the flu. I feel terrible. 
Feels like the flu is here 
@MariaJonas09 hello maria jonas this is tonigirls mom she unfortuntly passd away from swine flu we are deeply saden by her death 
just had injection for anti-rabies. 
is sick  ... no not with swine flu
Celebrity death from swine flu confirmed - omg, check it out  #swine_flu http://twitpic.com/5d13u
Feels not too good.. Mulai meler&quot; flu nih 
i have a cold / swine flu 
At home. I'm ill!  I wonder if it's swine flu ;)
man, the book Virus is turning out to be pretty good but i gotta put it down, i have other work to do  
Anyone affected by the Swine Flu?  Unfortunately, I will be missing a mission trip to Ensenada because of the extra risk involved. 
@fernaanda: yeah swine flu here scary 
Killlll me... I can't believe I have the flu 
@aaamylee hope its not swine flu 
@jlfang I think there's a zit flu going on, I'm having a breakout now *poke poke owww*  
I caught a flu  seen doctor and he told me it's a normal one unless I hv a fever.
Actually, I'm now hoping I don't have Swine Flu! I am sick  Hoping to recover while Scotty is at work.
flu, sore throat, and now cough? 
Just cannot figure out what this is: is it a flu, is it a stomach flu? What ever it is, it's not nice. 
is feeling horribly ill !!      (swine flu)
I'm ill..  I think I've got the flu.
i hate being sick  but i love coughing in public and watching people run from the swine flu ;)
Three hours of sleep = not enough to be friendly. TB test this morning 
@BethM82 yes  enjoy the vaccine!
I have the sniffles 
beautiful morning...but i feel like crap  new strain of the swine flu in the house. the Dre Flu...h595 LOL
is up and virus hunting 
First celebrity Swine Flu death -&gt;http://twurl.nl/mglnho     (via the blog of  @JohnCleese )
I feel like death right now.   Hopefully it's Swine flu .
been 10 days!! i'm sure i caught the swine flu. 
I think I have swine flu!  
@Emslou78 There's far worse company! It's not Swine Flu is it? 
@GoNellyNYC This is dumb! U know I revert to a 2 year old when I'm really sick  A man on the train asked if I had the Swine. LOL
10 confirmed cases of Swine Flu in Australia. 15 year old Adeliade girl tested positive. Im soooo scared 
yay i dont have glandular fever!  but i do have bad tonsilitis...  at least its not a kissing disease! yes tayla i heard u told teachers
@isateresa The currently available flu vaccine does not offer any protection from the new strain. 
Australian swine flu alert level raised from delay to contain after first confirmed human to human transmission on Australian soil 
43 universities in kyoto are no shut indefinitely cos of the swine flu. grrrr. why not in tokyo... i could use some holiday... 
@vanjaaa Has it hit the &quot;land down under&quot; yet? I'm right in the epicenter of Swine Flu in NY. 
i cant believe mark from FTSK got swine flu 
i think i have swine flu  really!
@jasbean no they just love hearing it ;) arg my throat, i have peacock flu 
@KristyLG  yeah, and i think i caught swine flu from the plane 
hates having the flu 
a 10 year old kid is a Swine Flu positive here in our country... 
I had to happen, I guess. I picked up a flu bug and began showing symptoms yesterday  temp 100.7, congestion and low-level nausea &lt;ugh&gt;
@xavier_eligh why yes there is....sorry if you have swine flu 
has man-flu and is feeling sorry for himself 
Bad news guys. Philippines has confirmed the first case of Swine Flu. 
Officially has the flu 
@speakergeek 1TB is an awful lot, but I think you're right. I've had to dump a ton of good stuff on my old mac so many times 
@GodEater at least it isn't swine flu 
I have to get another TB test  yuck
flu really really sucks 
Influenza A H1N1 is in the Philippines.  NOOOOOOO.
*sniffles* nobody's talking to me on here 
Bad News: Influenza A (h1n1) is already in the Philippines. 
sore throat?! Influenza A symptom?! 
@MrsMccracken I know  But at least you get up in the morning to go. I don't. Wait...I think vicky and i have the swine flu 
god, i hope i havent got the damn swine flu 
Everyone i love gets the Swine disease  I need to be sacrificed
@uniquefrequency I feel for them. Even our servers crashed when we launched the swine flu hitting sg news release! 
My ears hurt, as well as the back of my neck:  What if I got Swinr Flu? 6 schools cancelled in my country. Why isnt mine one of them?
I'm at the doctors surrounded by sick people... I'll definitely catch swine flu in here 
It feels like strep throat..but I sure hope it's not. ugh. This illness needs to back to where it came from..and pronto 
@jesscarreiro i feel like death, i think someone in my chemistry class had swine flu!!!! what if i get it 
The school just got locked down. But it wasn't cos of Swine Flu 
well...I can't go to sleep now.  Flu is no fun. 
hope no in here has the swine flu 
@feeru *strangles you for not updating anymore HMPH* 
laying in bed with the flu. 
god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is shit house 
4 cases of swine flu! 
the swine flu is in robina, gold coast 
having the flu, not the swinish-one, but the flu. 
Suddenly sick with the flu and quite sad about it 
@DrRonVonDoom @derrickjdavis it might be the swine flu! haha 'cause i've got the flu 
@tommcfly Have you guys heard about the flu that's been going around? Swine Flu? Hope you guys are safe  There've been deaths already. :-S
I don't get it, I was feeling fine yesterday. and now im a ball of sickness ! i hate the flu, 
i went to the doctor. i hav a virus. 
This sars has really got me down. 
@CarrieStephens mine do it no matter WHO i'm on the phone with! 
I gots the sniffles 
@coreykingston1 We wish we were there. This flu sucks 
Having the flu sucks... 
i have the swine flu  or something like it im goin to bed
Just woke up, got this thing called flu  http://myloc.me/2309
Swine flu has found me and hit me bad. Gingerale, crackers and bed 
correction.... she has spiral meningitis 
has a hard drive in the freezer    good thing i bought that TB for redundancy! take this as a reminder to backup!
@blink182aholic me too but actually nyquil. . I think i have swine flu.  lol.
I don't feel well.  I think I have the flu.
got hit with the flu.     oink, oink!
@candykiss118 im not that good i have the flu 
@gingerandhoney oh my. It's getting worse in 5 minute increments. Unhhhhh take your swine flu back I don't want to play 
Someone in my skewl got the Flu.  A preppy!! Hope the preppy gets better!!! Such bad 'plagues'..hope the Flu comes to a halt.
Flu &gt; Maureen.   @richblackman
i am very ill with very bad measles   
@Fee2401 yeah, we don't need the Flu again 
I have an ear infection....  
ahhhhhhhhh im sick ............... with the flu i think its not the swine flu the normal flu i think ... 
@marlycat i think i have it too, or a normal flu. either one 
is afraid of the Swine Flu.  http://plurk.com/p/x7uvg
I think I have an ear infection 
sakit tekak and flu. will be having another fever this month? 
achooo ! i  got the sniffles 
@JEDMATIC Swine flu orgy sick. Except I have a ridiculous fever. 
my brother's friends are making fun of me because i have AIDS 
@urbanfly ive been caught napping with the swine flu, so have not been on the #socialsaturday ball today 
I've been struck down with the most awful illness ever, man flu 
@tonka_boy It's a bit of a downer knowing that the odds of a TB lasting for long are slim to none. 
@LittleGirlWondr I found that out a week ago when they were doing a show, he died from AIDS poor guy 
i think i have an ear infection. 
feeling very under the weather because of my flu medication. Tamiflu side effects suck.  
I think I might have swine 
Just got asked to fill in a survey on swine flu. Unfortunately not local so the guy didn't want me to fill in 
sick in bed w/ the flu (praying its not swine flu lol) n a 104 degree fever  ...ive clearly been going too hard in the paint :-/
@mandamilmo enjoy mexico. I'm not enjoying my self diagnosed swine flu 
I'm sick...and I feel like I'm dying. Swine Flu Karma. Shouldn't have made fun of it.  #fb
@OfficialAS risk coming to see you...for fear of carrying swine flu to you guys 
I miss my TB 
On the couch with flu 
physcial for the CDC on base.  I was going to hit the open highway yesterday but my funds are limited, what a girl to do? 
Ugh. I am sick as a dog today. Allergies? Flu? 
@lemongeneration same here. and not just cuz of swine flu either... haha. srsly, the government should delay school for a while... 
sickk with the flu 
lying in bed with the flu 
I think I got the flu...so suxx...can't be near my babies...I'm sadd 
@AlannaDawn awe  I'd bring you soup but I'm allergic to Swine Flu
@TB_twenty4seven I'm still at uni (and hungry)... 
@Dannymcfly where's dougieee???? is he ok??? does he haves the swine flu!?!? is he dead!?!? hope he's ok.. 
: has the sniffles. 
Thinks he has the flu  #fb
@Mariellin19 no its not the swain yaaaaaaaaay its just a regular flu 
My grandmother has Pneumonia and they admitted her into the hospital 
has the mumps 
has Mycoplasma  Fml.
trying to speak. lost my voice from this stupid cold  or maybe its swine flu!!! argh
@djndayo am glad u realise this, ur germs have weakened us both and we are victims of the flu 
i think i have the flu  im all achy!
@mystery619 i am so sorry for infecting you with an uncurable disease 
is off to the doctor...  damn headcold/flu....
is pretty sure I've got pneumonia again. 
got the flu..hope its not swine 
Just been emailed some really shit news about a friend who has HIV 
still bugged by the flu 
@jtchen22 but i don't want sars! 
is a self-professed coward, and doesn't want a Tetanus shot. 
sakit badan from staying in bed whole day.. still got the flu n cough.. 
My little 7mth was at the hospital again today as he has RSV. 
doesnt have swine flu.. but does have a cold 
have cold....please not the dreaded pig flu............. 
in bed with the flu  
with the flu 
Why wont swine flu shutdown my school? 
i have the sniffles  and  i have exams to do as well. *wahh* BUT i found that some kid at my school has swine flu. AHH!! hmm......study?xx
@klimshady omg. the SARS rap was stuck in my head during my finals. 'SARS is the virus, that i just want to minus' 
has the flu  well atleast it's not swine flu.
protip: when the sys admin accidentally trashes 3TB of run outputs, that is going to be the day you need to go investigate something 
there's a new malady on the market - no a.c. flu - my car and bedroom have both succumbed 
@LOGANJJJJ nawww poor thing  i hate bein sick aye    hope it aint swine flu  LOL
ppz thinks I got AIDS in my eye 
At work with the flu, I feel like the outbreak monkey, quarantined to my office 
Seriously considering the possibility I may have swine flu 
is feeling sorry for herself down in the Mumps  ;(
I Have Herpes 
@supermac18 if u have swine flue i might die 
@JillBierlein Too much 2 drink last night. unlike me.  don't feel so hot.  lol. &amp; my friends sister has Swine Flu 
think i have the flu 
trying to get over this flu  [MissK]
Coming down with swine flu and/or mad cow. I knew vegetarianism was a wiser choice 
i have the flu   this is the worst
@jaideeh I think I got ear infection aswell 
working on health AIDS paper, then english speech, studying for math &amp; spanish finals... joy  but only 7 days of school left!!
Has the sniffles... 
Virus on my computer 
So i have bronchitis, tonsollitis &amp; im gettin my tetanus shot.. Fml! 
totally still sick! Unfortunately, cable gets boring after the first 48 hours of Swine death  back to broth and theraflu...
@WillBressington nooo  I punched the bus stop! oh well, do you have swine flu?
Someone kill me now I'm so sick  and no it's not bloody swine flu!!
i think i have the swine flu 
I gotz an ear infection... 
I want this flu to he over with gah!  I have exams to prepare for 
i have an ear infection  ...but on the bright side, it's not as bad as herpes
I think i'm getting the zombie death flu... 
Feeling sluggish and dizzy with flu like symptoms 
trying to sleep. i have the flu &amp; i feel horrible!! 
I think I've got swine flu. 
im so tired  and i think i have the pig flu ((((((((((((((
@tempeste oh no  what kinda sick? S/Flu sick?
@MoL42 be careful! i just traced my sickness back, i got it by sharing a spoon. and it's the flu! 
got myself some kind of a virus  i think
i think that i have an ear infection! 
@jackfaulkner I have to go to *that place* in a minute and get pig AIDS again 
@next12exits Do you actually have confirmed swine flu? Or are you just randomly sick? 
@Boydian So you don't have swine flu?  Why did you have to watch it 27 times? What was it about?
I kinda want to vomit everywhere. ty flu 
Is down with the sickness...better not be this damn Swine Flu...   
Crashed/Rebooted my PC by attaching an external 2TB drive  By now it's working like a charm... very nice!
Flu  but I'm gonna hve shopping time with my sister sooo I'm damn excited;}
i havent twittered for two days. :O i feel empy.  well i had a swine flu attack, i thought i had it. plus computer was a asshole to me
my friends parents have swine flu  it's creeping over!
finished dinner..here @mayanura's room.. my ears hurt same with my throat  swine flu fever
i think that i'm possibly going to pass out from this stupid swine. 
@ronizalcman you can say that again! Not happy with this swine 
is sad  two swine flu cases confirmed in my home city coimbatore.
@Fablanta At home feeling sorry for myself  this may be swine flu lol!
i dont get my virus program 
... is possibly developing swine flu... 
has come home early.. think i have caught swine flu from chris  feel terrible
@thedirtyground ew! hope it's not the stomach flu i had  7:30 wednesday it is!
have a really sore throat  maybe i got swine flu? .......
@jeremykatg Don't spread that disease to twitter 
negative on the swine flu... just an upper respriatory infection... i feel shitty 
Reading: &quot;Swine Flu e-learning course created by Devon County Council :: PublicTechnology.net  http://tinyurl.com/ogeqv5 )
@Fannypak09 haha, my bitchassness has mutated into binchassness. deadlier form of the disease that makes me procrastinate hard 
I think i'm getting an ear infection 
this is what i get 4 makin of the Swine Flu.. offically dieing, left work early (no hockey shim   ), &amp; I spilled coffee on my white PANTS!
@samchaney it gave me swine flu  call me and I can tell you how miserable it was
wow this flu is not going away 
My little brother may have Swine Flu  I am scared. We've always fought... I want him to know I've always loved him, and will forever
@kcp2150 i dont want some mosquito disease 
I am being tested for swine flu  how many fucking medical issues do I need in the space of 4 weeks 
It seems like they have already found Swine Flu in Ukraine 
Chickenpox even worse today 
i think its a lot scarier that there is swine flu breakout during rainy season. 
@HollieRCopson yeahh did youu?? i don't think i did very good though i've had flu and a fever for the past 5 days  how did you find it?
Vaccine owie!  now i must wait 20 before i can leave.
@TheIntriguing1 I think it's more of a respitiry infection 
I wish this flu of mine would kindly leave me alone! I hate the flu 
@JamesCraigLimbo same i've gotten the flu and all too  meds making me drowsy
Swine Flu is everywhere. 
fever of 102+ going to the doctor  hope no pig flu please
WTF, don't sit next to me and start coughing  so, wish I had the nerve to say this out loud right now, already had my near swine flu scare
Mysterious flu is making me sleepy. No fever so it ain't la porcine grippe. 
I am down with flu But I feel like eating chocolate cake 
hoping i'm over this flu/virus/sickness/bug enough to go to the gym today. i'll struggle thru every lift &amp; exercise as i'm still weak 
got the flu  so bored ! ! !
10 people in my school have swine flu  i'm so scared to get it now. Ahhh
lying in bed with the sniffles, sorethroat, and a fever... 
i feel a sickie coming so i looked up swine flu symptoms. i have a fever, chills, a headache and fatigue. they are all on the list 
I'm not a fan of TB tests. 
I have an upper respitory infection 
is currently down with a minor flu 
I ain't moaning about having man flu, just pissed off that I am spending the day with a tissue constantly at the ready 
Home sick  what the hell???? I wonder if it'll mutate into swine flu?
@jennjolie I have a flu...   but a really bad one... can hardly breathe...
@wedylawliet awww I'm hating it with you.  gave me the flu.
@nadia_89 Awww that sucks  Flu is very terrible!!!
@hanniewelch no i didn't see that but i'm just glad i have it now! did you do any reading yet? i'm sick today better not be the swine flu 
has downloaded malwarebytes' anti malware to try and get rid of his virus 
The virus strike me down 
is starting to get the sniffles 
is sick with the flue  grrrrrrr!!
Fucking swan flu... my uncle is a suspect... 
Stomach flu... it's the shits! 
@HeyItsNikx I'm willing it, i swear.  Parents concerned abt weather and swine flu. O.O
@Virus0302 is too late  dear jom go to drink, i so &quot;fan&quot;
@parody9 Yuppp.. been wanting to ask you about it.. but my EHD was broken, don't know where to put it 
if they cancel the paris trip because of freeking swine flu, ima cryyyyyy 
quarantined due to one of my ti's from lackland catching the swine flu. 
is experiencing the heavy side of the flu... n its not a cold btw 
my macbook has been running slow lately  wonder if it has a virus...? i thought macs didn't get viruses! maybe it has the swine flu???
@pontifractusay  it's not... swine flu, or SARS, is it? wait.  our good buddy? O.o
@galeshka @chibialfa @LeonnieFM @glennmarsalim @nvade It's practically saying that they forbid HIV+ people's right to love and be loved. 
Man... I forgot how shitty the flu makes you feel. 
i have been exposed to swine flu thanks to carle and now i have to take antibiotics 
One of my best friend caught the swine flu.  I hope he gets well soon!
14 days more thanks for the swine flu! but I have tons of homework 
A vaccine for meningitis? We sure are a vaccine happy country. 
The 1TB storage drive on my media centre died.  
Has the sniffles 
@princesshaley stomach flu is the worst!  glad you are feeling better
has the sniffles 
@lilangelmindy what?  because of swine flu? it hasn't really spread. only in la salle. but that's like 3 students! tell you mom! :|
I caught the flu  I feel like crap.
has Swine Flu, back off! it's the worst feeling ever 
@lenje Mumps... AHH that would be horrible. No one wants mumps 
@trifluorides: I wish I could use those. But because MRSA likes to make its home in my nostrils through my skin, I can't. 
wish i didn't have the flu 
so what's happened to swine flu in the media? 19315 cases and 117 deaths in 66 countries...not good 
@rebeccamezzino don't go to Vic.. lots of people coming back have Swine Flu 
*cough cough i hate having a flu 
@anazephyrrr I feel you.  The virus is what I'm more concerned of. I'm scarrred.
@jobeaz I've only just gotten over the flu (2 weeks) and the bf got it! I come to work and everyone blamed me 
I have the sniffles 
george pushed me off the chair and said I have swine flu 
i seem to have a cold  or maybe it's swine flu the way scotlands going...
i have the sniffles 
@Debsweishi because of swine flu i cannot leave singapore 
@qutequte I hope you get better soon!  Flu is crappy 
Home...tired..thinking i am getting the flu 
i think i might be getting sick!  swine flu! D:
strep throat 
:I think I've got swine flu....... 
Apparently my cat has the flu  
i can't even hang out with my best friend @achen92 because of our parents' paranoia of the swine flu 
Fever keeps coming and going from infection. 
sum1s link almost gave me a virus 
with the flu  that sucks
@samjmoody wasnt mexico cancelled? you're confusing me  they cant go to mexico, the flu crisis isnt over yet.
suffering with the poxy flu 
@HWGeeks wonder if I gave you my flu. 
And I should go get my TB and first aid and CPR before all this 
have bad flu and sore throat. 
has the flu  soo sad
@deadsparrow It is!  *sniffles*
@dyeleepong recovering from Flu.. 
Ive got the Flu... i cant stop sneezing and have a sore throat.. going to bed now.. 
i think i'm coming down with the flu. not cool 
@bndesign there is a flu going round here that starts with a bad headache  I think I caught it too &gt;.&lt;
says swine flu cases still going up  http://plurk.com/p/z11uo
got a throat infection 
Trying to keep warm, i have the flu again! 
What a way to enjoy the weekend. Flu the entire weekend 
Flu, but it won't be bad enough to keep me from school.  *sneezes*
EEE I am so jealous that stu is at one of the biggest gigs of the year  and im in bed! haha bet thats gonna be a good day  booo *green*
dying from the flu 
I think I may have @berrybooo's respiratory infection 
think i have the flu 
Formatting a 1TB backup disk... this is going to take all day 
has the beginnings of a sore throat and the sniffles, and really hopes it doesn't turn into swine flu. I don't WANT a piggie taiillll!!! 
@ajafair ...had suddenly contracted ebola wasn't *quite* fast enough. In her defense, I usually don't care about being spoilt. But still! 
Still nyquil comotose why won't this flu leave me alone??  Why me ?? 
I hope I don't have the swine flu 
i have the regular flu yo...a temp of 102.5 
i hate the sniffles 
Swine Flu in Paisley Grammer = One of my best friend's paisley friendies. = My friend having Swine flu 
@BradleyF81 I have a flu I guess.  No allergy, it's worse. I'm sweating like crazy. I hope it'll pass soon. I'm slightly better now...
Oh shite! @CityofLeeds has swine flu   http://twitter.com/CityofLeeds/status/2067152744
is sick n may have the flu 
@gillfeesh me too! I hate the sniffles 
Wondered why the server wasn't availible (no ssh etc.) after boot... connected a screen: does a file system check (2 TB) 
fml, i have the swine flu. 
Just saw on the news that victoria has 1000 cases of swine flu  wht's going on, wr all travelling 2 the states
writing a letter about losing a close friend long ago to AIDS.  
my infection is bothering me 
@cuddlenic101 That sucks. You brought back the sars witcha 
I think I have the swag flu....correction: swine flu....I'm sick (and not in the good way!) 
@calvinfroedge I'm sick too man. Caught whatever Jen had   Tyson has it too.  You're next.... &lt;insert scary music&gt; Swine Flu!
Fever and an upper respiratory infection. 
Oh dear.... Swine eye is back 
my friend got the swine flu 
@MAISIEFL hope you feel better, i am almost over a terrible cold/fever/flu 
@fddlgrl That terrible, but working in porn after HIV is like working in Chernobyl after the nuclear disaster.  I hope the best for them. 
*cry* has the flu 
Flu + a class of 5ppl...I dnt b'liv they actually made us come to class, when evry body is away  
Is headache a sign of swine flu? Because I have one - i.e. headache. 
@xotaylor I read the first book and I could feel the literary AIDS engulfing my body 
has got a cold  hope it aint swine flu like
is fighting flu  Just want to stay in bed.
Two Swine Flu cases have been confirmed in the police college. And that two police college students have contacted hundreds of people 
it dosen't rain but it poors. last week i thought i had the flu, turns out it was tonsillitis, now have allergic reaction to antibiotics 
@chicogarcia the HPV virus vaccine for women is the worst. my arm was numb for about 4 days!  men have it easy. hrmph.
anyways, what scares me is the swine flu, which is apparently in a city 40 km from mine 
Does anyone no what the ain symptoms r 4 swine flu? I been feelin sik 4 days. 
dying from swine flu and mother doesnt even believe me. 
@RealAudreyKitch  i totally start following you and you catch the flu. my bad i sowy i made you sick =X hehe
Has dizzy disease 
Up to my eyes in paperwok at the moment. Swine Flu really taking off in South Glasgow 
@rustybrick first uk swine flu death last night 
So apparently I have a bad virus.. There's no cure or treatment for a virus  So mad
maybe i'll got this flu. wew 
@zainemoonlight youre ate the philppines right now? cool  which concert did you went? im sick  influenza ...
@habeo oh my, i think i have swine flu.. 
can't work out if she has really bad hay fever or the flu!! 
this fucking flu... ugh 
working with the flu  i need some soup.
*sigh* SARS. U make me want to cry 
@karljb74 maybe you've got swine flu? 
@DestinyFreak you have swine flu? :|  I hope you get better and when you do, I'll be waiting for that video 
Having the flu sucks  i cant get out of bed.
so apparently you can't get the flu after you have a flu shot..tell that to my aching joints, constant cough and fever 
I've got a cold   I swear to god if i've got swine flu...
Really hopes that I don't have to get tested for swine flu 
@seansmithsucks You're a bad influence!  half the stuff I say is something I've heard from you. And I do NOT have swine flu! 
@MissFaBolus might be an ear infection too 
@Silverlush just heard he didn't die from swine flu so I imagine it was that he was too weak to carry on 
hit by the flu  39C and shivering! brrr!
My friend has swine flu!!!!! 
I don't know if it's just allergies or (H1N1) Swine Flu... But, something is definitely wrong with me! 
So sad: the baby of the woman who died in RAH Paisley of Swine Flu &amp; other health problems has also died 
@jamesmoore89 @ilovefry_  just poo and got ear infection  x
has a viral infection 
Morning Twitterbugs! I'm coming down with the flu.. feeling quite ordinary! 
Theres been over 1100 CONFIRMED cases of Swine Flu in Mass!! And 1 confirmed death!! WOW!!   Still praying Mel gets better! No she doe ...
@agustina1 here's the update. He has mycoplama =walking pneumonia   he's home now.  Taking antibiotics.
came down with the flu and now i'm cryin like a baby 
hey, is it true about the swine flu thingy at our campus? oh, damn.. 
@deltwitt you know they won't let you keep them? I wanted mine and they said i couldo't have them  something about AIDS......
@XaviV I have the flu!!! 
I have the flu. I hope it's not swine flu 
I miss my Utwolf *sniffles* 
@scottisyahu run down: adult chicken pox, fever, walking pnemonia, and the flu.. I hate life right now! I'm a walking infection 
i'm sick. cough and flu. i felt terrible 
I most certainly think I might be getting strep 
A poor soul on my floor was diagnosed with Swine flu! 2 months ago, downtown would be evac'ed via choppers, but not even a day off 
@ScarletCorset awww, how can we talk smack abt TB if you have no computer  We need to coordinate comp time A-team style
@NicRamirez adult chicken pox, fever, walking pnemonia, and the flu.. I hate life right now! I'm a walking infection 
@MsSoSick adult chicken pox, fever, walking pnemonia, and the flu.. I hate life right now! I'm a walking infection 
Looks like I will be awake for awhile thanks to sleeping all night......flu bug 
@jfmacvay Not Parvo, I hope. If that's the case, whole house needs to be sterilised. 
has 'finally' gotten the flu bug.  - http://tweet.sg
got the flu  cough cough no swiny thankgod
I woke up with a flu.  Who among you fans gave me a kiss of flu?
Is getting her swine flu jab this week-should b fun 
144 people till date died of swine flu....and 2 children in dubai died of food poisonig  
My co-worker says to me - &quot;I have the flu and I hope you don't catch it!&quot; then continues to keep talking to me at a close distance 
throat infection 
@Lanybum very sad, although I note he didn't have the swine flu virus which is some small mercy. I think he was just v premature 
Home in bed, sick with the flu 
Influenza. Influenza. Influenza.  Take care all of us. It is all around.
@_nicoletam it was not funny  where were you? Swine?
laying in bed wif the swine flu bc i ate 2 much bacon nd now i've got the swine flu. 
is feelin sick  every1 is thinkin its swine flu they're all overreacting i just got up too quick
just woke up!it's 1:37 pm and  this is too early!I forgot how tiring travel is  we shouldn't go they have swine flu in there ne!
says 247 swine flu cases in the country as of today  http://plurk.com/p/11blyy
Hey, @teruah.  Unfortunately, I caught swine flu/ebola yesterday and will not be able to make it because I don't want to infect you. 
@BBRRIITTTTYY have u got the flu too 
@CathySavels It's completely rubbish!! I feel like i've got the flu sometimes!    Not the piggy kind though lol!
i am going to miss the carnival stupid flu  wasted $10.00
I'm almost certainly going to get swine flu 
Virus is going in reverse now, god my guts hurt 
@enochko I did, but I'm having some problems with it... It can be read on every other com except mine  But I shld get a 1 TB one..
i really hope this isnt strep!  ouchieeee
I have the sniffles 
sick with the flu!  hopefully just the normal one not the swine one...
The infection makes me tierd.. 
@MissKellyO sick with the flu 
swine flu is everywhere now 
@nannypalooza I had that this weeked  it was the worst- no strep just an unlucky virus! I hope he/she feels better!
@ashleit u probally have the flu 
I have swine flu  in all seriousness :|
I hate getting the flue  need to get better really fast and go to camp.
My turn to give Swine Flu a chance.... 
is very sick        and no, i don't have the swine flu.
ugh going to the doctor to get checked for flu 
I am sooo sick! I hate sinus infections... 
ugh feel ill  swine flu maybe?
This virus is so bad it's infecting the virus scanners 
Workin hard! News said a 9 year old Miammu boy died fromm Swine Flu 
has mumps 
Ahhhh Swine Flu is spreading through out Scotland! 
@stormy_brow i'm glad to see the system has calmed down about the flu, but i'm still sorry you have it 
im sick (got swine flu probably, they didnt test)   
Just found out my mom's cat is HIV pos.  This is going to throw a kink in her taking him with her to assisted care...
He had a throat infection and suffocated 
oh no! @charwang got detained in shanghai because she has a cold, and they think it's swine flu!! 
wtf? because I can handle no more be dying to sleep, I have some disease I think 
@JonesBeach_1988 he has a fever and flu like symptoms so he has to stay out for 7 days 
I feel like I have the Swine Flu. 
I has the flu like whoa... 
i think i have swine flu 
havent been on twitter for ages.. really bored and sick with swine flu 
got the flu  and no it aint the swine flu LOL ,
I need to get out of ny, too many people are dying of swine flu 
is going to try and sleep now but i think I have a mild case of pig/bird/cow flu 
@endlessblush well yep got some drugs--tami flu!!! oink 
Looks like cole and i have the stomach flu.... 
I have the stupid flu 
Going to stay with @yayerin she has an ear infection. 
recovering from the flu 
@macosken hopefully its not swine flu ray 
@jessiheartsu me too! I think it's the pig flu 
One of the ladies in my class this morning is undergoing tests for Swine Flu - fingers crossed 
my virus scan has been at the same percentage for about 20 minutes now  
I might get the swine flu and I'm no kidding!!! 
Uhg... I think I have an ear infection. wonderful. 
Thanks everyone for your suggestions re: supporting my friend. Unfortunately he's just found out his oldest kid (of 5) has Swine Flu. 
dear @melbourne if i have swine flu when i come back, i will...... i dunno  not be happy.
yuck i have the flu  
got the flu bug from the clinic when i was there earlier this morning, now i may not be able to go donate blood 
You cough twice, and people ask if you've got swine flu. This gets really old after a while 
bak from the doctor and i dont hav the swine flu lololol just the flu but cant do anything til monday 
Swine Flu is in Gladstone. Thanks a heap, random little kid 
has the flu!! gotta hate it 
hopes i doesn't get swine flu!!!! Like 10 people in my year have it 
bloody swine flu....1 stupid woman who didn't go to the doctor 2 wks ago has spread it to over 50 preople now!!!!! nice one 
wish people would stop coughing near me  so scared i contract swine flu nd i hate being sick 
Positive case #e for swine flu in our office 
@prc84 I think I have swine flu. 
have the flu 
i think i've got swine flu 
@LILLIPUT He has the Zombie Swine Flu, all he wants now is brains 
Rampant MRSA continues to plague my poor boyfriend 
@GodEater aww *hugs* man flu? hayfever? there's chicken-pox at work 
our school has swine flu but were not closing 
@cheesescorn also got infection. 
@DEELAMI don't come to Birmy...there's an outbreak of swine flu! I'm scared for me life at the moment! 
Also I hate the flu. 
having the flu sucks! 
Oh nooo... Feeling very poorly. Flu symptoms 
@darrenmills yes please  i'm dying of swine flu.
is lying in bed sick...  and scared iv got swine flu haha
@irmsmith_04 Thats right.  I forgot about the flu that is going around. 
IDK!! swine flu? I might have it ouch !! I lost my voice 2daez it suks real bad ae 
Friends with swine flu...     ::hugs::
I'm coming down with a cold, or the flu, or swine flu, or ebola. Contractors don't get sick leave 
@bsneed23  oh no swine flu.. Thanks..
fever's subsided. yay! bronchitis still very much there.. sigh 
is relaxing after a long day at work... went to the ER to visit my ambulance coworkers... and learned that my brother has Swine Flu 
im scared bout going to melb for the rugby this weekend. I don't wanna get swine flu 
exams tomorrow.....  swine flu everywhere wat a great week i'm going to have!!!!
1 down 2 to go. swine flu official in uni of queensland..  should i be scareeeed?
when will my energy return and this blankness piss off! stupid flu 
i #blamedrewscancer on my flu-slash-tonsilitis 
@egg104  You have the flu?    @bella456 is just getting over it herself...
Morning Folks! i think im havin a flu  *cough* *cough*
 I think I'm starting to get sick... piglet flu?
@sarahsilll @jensilll @alanasilll why are you all so sick?  swine flu? 
is sick, cough and flu! 
@Emmmaa___ did you really have swine flu??  i hope ur all better!! x
@brandstorm cholera musialem wyjechac i wrocilem po deadline 
Recovering from bad flu...still got bad cough duh 
i have a flu, its so sad 
think i have swine flu 
Is sick, hopefully not Swine flu, won't be making videos for awhile 
Prolly got the swine flu last night 
forgot abt swine flu at melbourne. how to go now? 
I feel so so sick - please don't be the flu 
With the flu!!!     Not the swine flu, though   u_u
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gastroenteritis so messed up  im better today tho...
The flu is killing me like madd 
@hippopotame I hope I didn't give you the flu.  
I feeling well rough! coverd in vix,smells good,but not working!feel like i'm in an oven! since when did swine flu affect none mortal me 
My computer has the Swine Flu.  purging now...
i have the flu and i feel like crap, trying to sleep but i can't 
Swine Flu has been confirmed in our office building 
@NLS_yt  my 2 of my fav cuz have swine flu now i cant go visit them 
I have the stomach flu  thanks @amandakapustin
Just got a tetanus shot  it's all @benjaminbrooks fault! I still love him though ;)
Had to go to work instead of the Padre game. Another Swine Flu conference I gotta shoot 
tetanus vaccine hurts.. ouuuuuuch! 
coming down with swine flu 
@Zenobie - I think you has twitter virus 
I think i have an ear infection 
has been cursed w a little of everyones leftovers  it feels like i got injected w pigeon flu
@AudriMurder  my classmate has the flu! 
@snaps4hollywood it's a virus. 
starting to feel worn out  i think i have the flying pig flu....
My eyes are itching. I hope this isn't the swine flu. 
@shalomcharlie They are keeping Swine Flu news hush hush. They only tell us when someone else dies, but aside from that its hush hush! 
@929perthmusic I'd prefer Tamiflu to be honest.  But maybe it's just me 
Holy crap this flu has knocked me for 6... 
chilling at home todaaay. I'm not allowed out because of swine flu 
heard swine flu is around the corner.. oink, what are the symptoms ? 
just woke. I'm ill.I have the flu  
is having the sniffles 
I haven't heard this 'Abbey has Swine Flu' song 
i got the flu again 
@priscx so sad  but its not because of swine flu dear. he had other complications! he was just diagnosed with swine flu yday. dont worry!
begining early phase of influenza... 
begining early stage of influenza... 
@Megannjane you gave me your swine flu, godammit. 
@InocencioJubee stupid flu. we could all die. david might die. dont die 
i thought i had the flu  but it turned out to be the chicken pox :'( even worseeeeeeeeee
Flu makes my brain works nonfunctionally. It's really upset me. 
is home in bed with the flu 
first fatality from swine flu in australia! eeeeeeeeeeeek 
awwww a 26 year old australian man has died of swine flu 
im sick. i got the flu. huhu damn this flu season.  hope to feel good by my flight this monday.
I fear I may have the flu, at least a fever at this point. I have so much to do 
I feel man flu coming on... 
I know three people with the Swine Flu (Scary) 
@MasqueradeDiva3 probably just one big bacterial infection. 
I just got a meningitis shot 
my brother has the swine flu  i feel i am going to get it.
Suddenly hit with the flu  fever, aches &amp; all that jazz, work will be rough this weekend
my girl has Influenza A...she's going to miss all of her end of year activities including middle school graduation 
not feeling so hot after getting shot for Chickenpox today 
@KimKardashian aww i just got over the flu. I hope u feel better soon 
@aymazinn im sick . Flu &amp;&amp; cramps at the same time 
@KimKardashian I hope you feel better!!!antibiotics are for bacterial infections...the flu is a viral infection.. :/ that may not help 
Ugh...sick with Strep.  
wating for the panadol to kick in. i've got a flu... it hurts..  how do i get rid of it?
&amp;&amp; shes fixing her myspace.Flu &amp;&amp; cramps at the same time 
@KimKardashian what flu ?! 
Flu &amp;&amp; cramps at the same time 
I have the flu 
I'm drowning in tissues and cold and flu medicine.... 
Just got a call, camp has been canceled due to swine flu. 
still has the Flu, for the past two weeks.. 
flu&amp;cough 
Oh, how i hate sinus infections 
All summer camps across the nation have been canceled due to the worry of swine flu  sob!
so my laptop got infected by a virus tonight... the 'T' virus...it's not looking to good for either of us  *is sad
Fuuuck I hate allergies/cold/flu/whateverthehell this is 
fb Rachael Vinas Fever  Warning:Flu is going around. http://tinyurl.com/mbw44h
@listenerhope terrible, I have 103 fever and they tested for swine flu and mono today, so we shall see  . What are you up to
has the nasty swine flu 
i have the fucking flu 
i have the flu 
i has the sniffles 
This flu is killing me  or may be i don't know how to get rid of it
I wake up early for training and it gets canceled but I still need to go to town  and I think I got man-flu 
The flu bug has mutate itself and is now infesting in my throat. I practically can't talk right now... 
is sick with the flu thats not the swine flu and needs some sympathy.. 
i miss my boocakes  love is a strange disease
I think a flu is coming on... 
At home. I don't wanna have the swine flu!! 
Ive got the flu and I have to go view wedding cars, I really couldn't be bothered, feeling awful 
URGH. BCG Vaccination scab is really sore 
Flu affects your performance badly. Cos i know out of experience now 
ashuuuu!! i got  the flu! 
Cerrell has THE Flu...oh shit!! 
in bed still  i think i have swine flu..
I just got back and I have the flu 
Not feeling well , maybe gettin the flu 
@vcluxe i told you i got tired of waiting and drinking beer alone and wishing bee was here  is your flu getting better?
Pls keep carine in prayer if possible cos she down with fever and flu 
Having interesting time as youngest's school just confirmed as having swine flu outbreak 
this whole swine flu thing is starting to worry me 
@mileycyrus miley it sucks i have the swine flu 
I think I may be coming down with the flu or something... 
@ashleytisdale  ashley its sad i have swine flu 
I am so sick.  almost postive I have swine flu.
I have a bottle of butterscotch vodka and can't drink it  Flu meds and alcohol do not mix *sigh*
@CarterRonson lol infection 
@somfan strep?  I don't have medical. I hope it's not it.
I have an ear infection.. 
@anberlin i wish i could be there tonight! i got the flu 
I wish my antibiotics for strep would kick in 
@reAAction I'm starting to think that it's the flu. 
I think I'm getting an ear infection... 
think i'm getting 'jess flu' fo' real. 
I think I may have the beginnings of flu coming on  I hope it isn't of the swine variety, I can't afford to take that much time off work!
I think I have the flu 
the little boy in buffalo that was in critical condition with swine flu died today 
is sick...thinks she has the swine flu 
i probly have malaria now from all the misquito bites 
strep throat no me gusta 
is sick. [i hope it's not the flu]  http://plurk.com/p/12loxg
omg i have swine flu  (i think)
still got the flu - terrible feeling 
maryellen has to do her homework  hope i dont get swine flu from miss!
really sick with Pneumonia... 
I have Flu @RachelLock22  I hope it's not the Swine!! X
Feeling like the flu has got the best of me 
Is certain that he has swag flu! Not kool! 
@jerips nah i think the flu needle gave me the flu 
i think im dieing of hayfever/swine flu 
i want to pet a piglet.. only worry is the swineflu 
@stevieenglish It's worse when man flu becomes real flu 
@theodorainish not really..  i'm down with some kind of weird viral flu..
I so can't go to school tomorrow. I have a flu  It may not be Swine Flu, but it's still a flu.
has an upper respitory infection. 
@jasontancy It's more like the flu bug  it's scaring me 'cos H1N1 is here....
Guess who got the flu.. 
Oh no my baby Benny has Swine Flu.  I hope I dont catch that shit. I need to look up some hotels in Buffalo.
Never cleaning it again. I don't care if I get an infection, it hurts so bad  h8 you, bellybutton.
Flu &amp; cough: reaching to the dizzy point 
snot snot snot - hayfever being a swine with no tablets to help 
staff infection is always a disaster 
I'm feeling not too good, I have a cold.. hope it will not turn into a flu 
I got cold and flu - hope its not the swine.... 
Swine flu in buffalo - hate negative news but gotta be aware of it all now that I'm a mom right? 
@gleepface its til flu 
If my dad ends up giving me his MRSA I will be one sad mamma-jamma.  
I can feel the flu coming on.. 
@cemper  I'm &quot;Vetter&quot; indeed. Swine Flu didn't get me this time :&gt; I just wasted a whole week though 
i have the flu 
i have the flu. 
When will the cough and flu bugs leave me?  Hopefully their visas are expiring so they have no choice but to leaveeeee! AHAHHAHAHA
Flu day-3... Not good 
@mileycyrus  does it feel like an ear infection?  those are the worst.
Feels like she's swine flu sick... But it's just an upper respiratory infection 
starting to think i have got swine fluuuu     LOL!
wish there wasn't any classes tom. ... damn swine flu... 
@MedusaJ no, i wish.  i tested FeLV+  but since i am little i can get tested again.  i have to stay away from bruvvers until then though 
stupid flu  why won't it fuck off and die?
throat infection why donst anyfin go right 4 me 
At Home with my kids...They are passing the Flu around 
recovering from the flu 
Feeling a little better... I think I might have a cold or minor flu 
@JnSNi if only I could get a swine flu test 
after avoiding sars and the avian flu, how come the ah1n1 virus spread so damn fast here in the philippines? scary level na 
I think I have the flu 
I'm sorry but I can't help it: I HATE very loud sneezes. 
no school til july 1st for the swine flu  im scared
Guess who's been exposed to swine flu? 
is lying in his bed cause he has the flu 
My virus is back  i thought i was being good, too.
My little cousin has swine flu. 
I have the flu 
 Latest CDC infromation on E. coli in raw refrigerated, prepackaged cookie dough: http://tinyurl.com/locbao
uh think i have the flu 
Searching 2 TB of data over 4 harddrives for my gigapixel photograph that I've misplaced   
Being outside earlier got me back in bed. I guess I am not completely over my flu. 
ugh. Swine Flu reached Camp Sabra. sent everyone back 
has flu strands a and b  goes back to the doctor tomoro for swine flu testing.
i think i have the flu 
I cuurently have the flu, struggling to get well. 
Theres a case of swine flu in mw town 
Parvovirus got shady  you will be missed nigga!! @momma_to_5 it'll be alright babe!
@tholdersr not swine flu i hope??  i don't even remember.... hehe :-P
@lnina oh no! I hope you get better soon!  is it the flu???
I feel horrible - I think I have a flu 
Feels like I have an ear infection....owwwwy 
Got sniffles and a headache. It could be Swine Flu or, worst case scenario, Man Flu 
just at home got a cold  no its not what your thinking i dont have swine flu!!!
My daughter may have got swine flu from classmates at Weltec. 
@Taeshi aw I didn't know kitties could get kitty flu  I hope she gets better soon
the swine flu better not spoil my holiday plans.... 
@berlinlee you too! enjoy urself here in sg.. take care!! swine flu everywhere 
@EmmaRoberts22 i can handle he sneezing, I actually feel like i've got full on flu. 
I think I have an ear infection 
The poor boyfriend has Hepatitis A 
I'm dying ayt work already...  I hate Flu and cough which attacking me right now..  I ate eating med that cause drowsy...
I think I mite call the doctor  hope it's. of swine flu !!!
what is wrong with me... ok i know! now to fix the problem  more thera-flu coming up
Everybody in my household had a flu, and I thought I had escaped it!    However, I was wrong     I'll be... http://tinyurl.com/n6fz35
So sleepy.....I think I have the flu 
feeling really shitty and flu like 
@xxJakxx i need it though i feel awful i have really really bad hayfever and a throat infection 
stuck in bed with the flu 
O dear. The swine flu finally reached these shores of mine 
He has been diagnosed with Swine Flu but because of his PVFS he's gotten it really really bad and now nobody can see him 
the school nurse called me a while ago.. she asked if i have the symptoms of swine flu..  stupid swine flu.. making our lives miserable..
has a blockmate with swine flu  classes for our block has been suspended until saturday.
@XGraceStAcKX i have swine flu  cough cough hah aa.. x
is a potential swine flu candidate... uuugh. im missing 2d classes  wrong timing naman.
trying to fix a 1TB lacie drive... blue light keeps blinking and it wont mount on desktop. #hardware trouble 
Its saying i have a virus again  idk what to do!!
@natneagle awww I am so sorry your hubby has Pneumonia  I hope he gets better soon!
@Biscuit3mil all these months the MRSA is whats been makin me sick i didnt kno i had it till today  yh not really allowed to do anythin
@jakeprzespo xserve and I bet 2TB time capsules, I feel like we could be doomed as well but didn't want to alarm anyone 
Watching quarantine with lukka 
is freeeeee like an oiseau! no more exams! .. could be better if i dont have this stupid flu.. 
i think im gana go to sleep now its 5:02 am here XD and i have a very bad staph infection so i need the sleep 
I'm at the AIDS walk. Thanks everyone who contributed. 
Just got a flu jab and feeling brave 
Flu has gone... now I seem to be deaf at one ear. And I'm waiting to join a teleconference with 6 people. This is gonna be fun 
@thisisryanross feel better.  I hope it's not the swine flu.
@ontd_political the media hype it up. They regular seasonal flu and change the name to swine flu.   The end is near 
@jordanknight wow, tink! is as popular as the swine flu 
The swine flu is almost here ! We are going to die 
@nicholle32 Been alright! I miss u too!! What u been up to? You should do the AIDS walk with me. 
LOL @ Swine Flu - It is now on WOW 
Swine Flu tweets are a lot more fun when you switch &quot;swine flu&quot; with &quot;anal sex&quot;  
Fuzzball is better than Swine Flu  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
@ShayyyG lol i dont think swine flu has anyhting to do with birds  but im not sure lol thought it was pigs but mybe im wrong?
@westbrookx Swine Flu victims unite   http://is.gd/vvhj
I hope everyone stays safe from that nasty swine flu 
@tjholmescnn I'm sick of swine flu. Not literally, of course, just of hearing and reporting it myself. 
@itsJUSTsherry btw. i was on here the whole day so my loved ones knew what i did before i died from the swine flu 
@richcubed Swine Flu victims unite   http://is.gd/vvhj
Eat more pork, it's the cure for Swine Flu....I think. 
@kensta35 I think kit is in hospital with swine fluu  or in bed
@ddlovato im so freaked about the swine flu too ! i love your idea of elbow fives haha 
Some black humour on the origin of Swine Flu....&quot;You little bastard you've killed us all&quot; -- http://tinyurl.com/c2byhg 
@stephenfry you came just in time for swine flu 
-why the #swine flu such a big deal? -because now we can say that pigs flu! 
has been sneezing all morning. hello, swine flu! 
@reverendrichie Yes why can't it be something nice like deer flu or koala flu or even flu of the no longer affluent 
I think everyone should chill the fuck out about Swine Flu. And I want to paint. And my room looks PRETTY FUCKING SWEET. 
Swine Flu scare....it's Saturday and no football for the kids!  AND school is out all next week.  Wow, I better get out of Dodge 
Trying to devise a plan to miss church tomorrow. maybe I could tell everyone we have swine flu? 
lara complains too much lmfaoo, she must have swine flu 
@serious_skeptic try gloves--that way you MRSA, VRE, pseudomonas, influenza, etc all over ur sleeves!  
@celvinsorrellsx Lol you were right, you can't compete with my swine flu jokes  Haha just kidding
@kidblogger no i didn't! lol... oddly enough that bird didn't want to give me the bird flu even though i touched it! 
Swine Flu is a serious issue - And if i was a scientist and could find a better cure i would! 
yes alex swine flu sucks. btw, shave your beard! 
Just played Fuzzball, now searching for Swine Flu  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
@scottk75 Ah yes, that one got past me. It was a swine flu crack. 
@bigstunz No, it's not swine flu.  Some viral infection.
@jimhirshfield actually, if reports are true and latest flu originated with manure pits in mexico, you're not far off the mark 
@MichaelHyatt  Flu mask epidemic should be good for your business too, superstition and religious books should go up in scary times 
swine flu... i have a feeling it'll go around then stop like the bird flu... 
@ianmack Yes i have heard of the swine flu but thats no excuse to travel ugly!  (via @MercedesGPC)
@swinefluu Swine Flu victims unite   http://is.gd/vvhj
@tsunimee my guess is that swine flu got them 
Playing the Swine Flu game @ http://tinyurl.com/clzlq5 
@piegrinder I got asked if I had the Swine Flu. I coughed 
@chadobryhim It has taken me forever to figure this thing out, and just realized you wrote me. Swine flue precautions 
@edaburi going for comic con.  hopefully the swine flu scare would have died down by then. 
i just got saved from getting a comp virus 
@mywayhome Swine Flu victims unite   http://is.gd/vvhj
My 2 favorite things. Fuzzball and Swine Flu  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
@rosewindale Itsurely will dear . in posted a presentation on Swine flu yest and it got 500 downloads in just a day!!i feels great 
@Jeewilikers...you should call school and tell them you have swine flu so we can have the day off 
@giventofly_0 have you considered cordoning off a corner of the park with beware &quot;Swine flu&quot; signs might clear it out for you 
And this is what happens when Swine Flu gets to all of us.  http://tinyurl.com/55hq2o  
@chiacy thats much better than the flu syndrome! 
@sharagrif what a riot..now you can tell you're friends you've got chlamydia..but you're hoping to get pox-syphilis soon 
@erlang Pigs catching Swine Flu and Avian Flu, risking the development of Flying Pig Flu? Awesomely funny  
yup, def swine flu. I think it was the sausage. 
i just successfully defeated the swine flue with the power of positive thinking!  #Swineflu #H1N1 #Swine Flu
@AndreasHale lol nah no swine flu for me bro. lmao what's ur schedule like this week, I need to catch up! 
@brucefloyd ps- are you a doctor or swine flu paranoid??  
i have no swine flu! because of the temperature screening here i feel like a criminal with my cold. 
@kkindlen and @MandaBown thanks  hoping its just allergies and not a nasty flu!
flu or allergy??? ... Doesn't matter, just try to squeeze my Sundayyyy 
@11hunabku11 Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
@tommcfly don't get swine flu + don't die please 
brother's sick. hope it's not the swine flu 
has a flu! don't worry, not the H1N1 haha. just normal one... LOLs 
signed up to be a voulenteer for AIDS walk next sunday 
@robmuch As long as it's not Swine Flu, you'll be fine. 
@Steves71 Lots better now  worst thing besides being ill was people mumbling about swine flu - kept them away from me though ;)
@mariainezz I hope its not the swine flu 
just found out my sister and nefews tested negative for swine flu 
@annialexic Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
All these plane rides...hope I don't get the swine flu 
@galaxydazzle Sorry, I had Swine Flu, but I'm all better now. I like it! 
@Suavis_Virus oh yeah ! i will thx ! 
I was on call this weekend for CDC's novel H1N1 flu response.  Only two emails and I didn't have to go in 
@realmfox i love you megan  , take care  of the flu !!!
@TheDannyNoriega dude its swine flu!!! haha your are hilarious!!! 
@ian_armstrong I have a cold.. flu would have made me panic. 
@siffy that's how swine flu started 
@linnel15 don't worry about salmonella...that's so 2006. It's the swine you have to watch out for these days. 
@vr000m The same, bad roads, bad traffic. We had to fill &quot;Swine flu forms&quot; when we landed lol. It was funny 
Just another SARS is coming... 
@LuvinMeSomeD I'm glad!  &amp; I'm glad you're feeling much better! I HATE Strep.
@jdcb42 Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
@nelwinuy be safe and don't catch the flu bug! 
@Tetanus  thats life. now just hope you don't get food poisoning 
@nathanpitman Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
@joshtastic1 busy but takin time out and tryin to chill for a bit.lol it aint swine flu.its most probably man flu.lol 
@davem05 even with full blown piglet flu i'd hazard a guess that i've more colour than stuey right now  and trust me, that's saying so ...
@Tetanus It's more fun to get a surprise package in the mail 
@boundbystars lol no just regular flu 
@TFletch81 your Swine Vaccination shot!!! 
yay i dont have glandular fever!  but i do have bad tonsilitis...  at least its not a kissing disease! yes tayla i heard u told teachers
so the virus comes to us..  --but we're blessed also, coz if there's a treatment for it, it'll be available here first.. 
@CanadianGir2112  glad you liked, but I must admit the swine flu jokes are getting a bit boaring. (sorry, lol)
haha well Swine Flu is a trending topic  should i be scared. soon i wont be allowed 2 go 2 shopping centres &amp; hopefully school 
@tinyblob It's working great  I've now decided to buy that 1TB media server which I was deliberating over before...need it for backups!
watched a very interesting program on viruses (bird flu influenzas, then ebola)...   man, nature is a mofo...  back to work.. 
@angermeans Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
@SSMHealthCare Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
@sanjayguptaCNN did U hear that jimmy fallon has swine flu? or maybe he's just a sic puppy.... 
@ThinMint7050 Thanks for the #ff. i doubt that i'm smarter than @Jubilance1922. I study prostate cancer btw, not AIDS. 
@RubyRose1 did you bring us all back some swine flu? 
@DavidArchie u can join world vision if u want.. we are helpin those kids with HIV+.. lotsa celebrities do their part too~~ 
@IrinaLau don't bring bird flu with you 
Also, I got psittacosis right since I have a psittacine. 
goodnight to all my TB lovers and thank you all for being the best friends i've ever made  and pray I get some damn thunder tonight!!
Yay.. Swine Flu Virus is &quot;following&quot; me now.. 
@shraddhavartak and this is the top student in EEE speaking 
