Most common words for this cluster:
[('fml', 281), ('today', 14), ('work', 14), ('i', 14), ('day', 13), ('my', 13), ('im', 11), ('amp', 11), ('time', 11), ('tomorrow', 10), ('tonight', 9), ('hours', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'FML', 0.969192385673523), (u'ReNaissance', 0.5197088122367859), (u'akshay_kumar', 0.4900147616863251), (u'Alstry', 0.4786547124385834), (u'Yomhlaba', 0.4783460199832916), (u'LOL', 0.47809362411499023), (u'ZSE', 0.4760269820690155), (u'TTFN', 0.4720569849014282), (u'Dynamic_Cables', 0.47054851055145264), (u'ZimRe', 0.4702453315258026)]





bored outta my mind.  SIGH nothing to do. my back is still killing me. ahhhhg. i can't keep up with this shitttt. FML
FML! Off to the hospital I go. 
@aKingsLife entered a poker tourney. Lost after 3 hands  FML
is jammin to ATL, since they had a secret show in HTown and i fucking missed it.  FML.
*Sigh* off to fire school  FML
Finished 100 out of 131 questions for AP Euro. Still have to write the DBQ too  FML.
Didn't get chosen for the trip to China. FML 
FML MY PHONEEE ! 
Really glad I forgot Im allergic to Robitussin, the room is now spinning  And my mom just keeps laughing at me trip over my own feet. FML.
@missgiggly I haven't left the house all day, FML. Doing some sort of 'fun' homework.. 
FML. My car broke down along Sunrise Highway...and I had to leave it there...this WOULD be my life 
What a horrible day! Found out someone i really like, likes someone else. And now my bestfriend is mad at me.  FML!!
I need to shrink my baseball tee  it's too big. And to think I was stoked to finally buy one, when it's big. Size small, still big. FML.
@KaraJonas How far is your school? For the next two weeks I'm going to have to walk to my bus stop which is about a mile away. FML for me 
listening to my iPod ; watching some show ; EXtremely tired but can't fall asleeeep , FML !    
didn't make ASB  . FML
@eenananana I KNOW RIGHT.  FML.
Bed.. so tired of liking a guy and come to find out hes taken FML 
I want to sleepppp. But they have the lights on  Ugh. FML.
Headin down to greenwich... but baby's going to NYC  FML
If Procrastinating was a class, I would get an A+. FML 
As usu. my plans are ruined!  Not seeing the Audition... FML.  
FML SERIOUSLY. 
really wants @DavidArchie and Cook to come back to the Philippines! because she's missing the concert!  aww. FML
learning how to be a better friend. I'm Sorry girls...I didn't know how bad it really was...FML 
No no no no no!!!!! My MacBook just crashed  fail fail FML
My bed, it's calling to me. Lucid dreaming tonight? A possibility... Im bummed, no @andersoncooper 2morrow.  FML.
My bed, it's calling to me. Lucid dreaming tonight? A possibility... Im bummed, no @andersoncooper 2morrow.  FML.
wont be able to sleep with all that noise down stairs. FML. My hand is still swollen, ftw. Why am I still awake!? 
Aaaaaargh nooooo! Meine linken blinken ist kaput on mein Wagon  What do I do now?! *phones for help* #FML
It's so hard to get Juan Veldez off my back when I only sleep 2 1/2 hours a night  FML
Bored as shit  FML
@Miki_is_Rad yeahhhh  I went a bit to hard a think, I can't walk or sit down it's that bad! FML!!!!!  xxx
Woo-hoo! I was asked to go on tour with NewFoundGlory as an occasional STAGE guitarist!!! .......then I woke up.   it was sooo real! FML
Y'know what I hate most. Thefact I only have 2 hours   SERIOUS FML! 
Everyone stop broadcasting how much fun you're having. I'm sitting in my room working on an endless report. It's FML x FOMO and it sucks 
Up readin some more fmylife.com. I would post lol FML's ...BUT it b my luck a freak of nature glitch wont keep me anonomous. 
trailer for Precious aka PUSH-the novel is verrrry depressing.    Its a giant FML in film
Rachelle is not feeling too well this morning due to an adventurous night last night  now driving 2 hours to the Cape haha FML
@eesia Ugh, I WISH I KNEW.  FML. *snuggles*
@Mayor KC, omg he's still there! ps. doing section 2 right now  fuck ima fail *FML*
FML. My bike's front tire is popped so I'll be using my foot mobile this entire weekend 
Ok it came up...I quit  FML
OH: FartWatch: I farted on my dog and now everytime I go near him he runs away  FML http://cli.gs/RPV1vS http://tinyurl.com/kvn6me
@ Ahhhhh FML! Classic Crime is sold out! 
i feel like crap right now and i have one more month of school left  FML HARD
FML i just spilled my entire can of diet coke IN MY LAP. yay 
I dont like him like thought, don't know how to tell him. FML. This always happens!! 
Tito albums on this iPod: none. FML 
Called out. FML. Being sick blows. That's money out of my pocket and more work and trouble for other people.  URG.
Couldn't find water, climbed up a crate in skirt and heels at Costco, burned her hand at dinner and lost her blackberry leather case  FML
absolutely dreaddddiing this 1-930 shift. PLUS 7am-10am meeting tomorrow morning. WHAT a great saturday night this will be... FML 
 I should be seeing Natt and Alex tonight. FML - 2nd time missing there concert here. Third time shall be the charm !!! 
WTF blizzcon tickets went on sale at 10, and when I joined the Queue at 10, it was at 11,200 people. I'm not going to get tickets FML 
So no Behemoth today,  ...not waiting over an hour in line...FML
.. I just took a look around and realized that I'm basically in this by myself .. I miss Brandon  but he's all the way in Cali .. FML
@Daizz26  FML. I want Comcast back!
Half of my throat is swollen&amp;i can't swallow.   FML
Therefore my card &quot;... could be at risk for unauthorized use.&quot; FML! 
WOW I hate how small NY is sometimes, I just saw two old hookups in a roww and one still has some of my stuff  FML
has a dead XBOX 360.. FML 
FML.. Sick as hell. At the emergency room  rawr.
Ugh....broke my phone yet AGAIN and I don't have an old one I can use  FML
FML!!! The most embarrassing thing just happened to me. I'm gonna cry!!!! Omg. Haha 
Seriously, EVERYONE is here with someone. Ughhhhhh. FML. 
Damn I hate the night time cause when I get ready for bed she ain't there to kiss me goodnight and cuddle me  FML
UGHHH. FML. Can't fall asleep... 
Lame coworker called off.  There goes my day off.  Swell   3pm - 11pm.  FML!!
wow... why did I just wake up wide awake after only sleeping 3 hours?? EPIC FAIL... im seriously broken FML 
I need to sleep. Gotta wake up at 9 tomorrow. 4.5 hours of sleep. Can you say FML?! 
Sick, still in bed  my entire body aches. Having cough and sneeze attacks. FML.
@GabyTheGreat Dammit. I don't have a K-Mart here. FML. 
FML. On my way home finally. I want cookie 
FML gonna have to work my tail off to get a C in my anthropology class  all because i had to go to Michigan for my sis's HS graduation FML
Wrote my final paper that's due tom, went to print and comp froze. I didn't save anything....FML!!!!! 
is soooo awake. and PACKING!  FML!!!
 Kind of a deal-breaker, when u discover a hot guy u know has some kinda health sci/phys fitness major, but youre a pudge/semi-pudge. FML
FML- would just like to once have a positive account balance when I go to Europe. -penniless in prague. 
is in a Communications class with a bunch of undergrads that is gonna cost me $2,000 for 20 days of class. FML. 
is glad to know she's not as awesome as all this Microsoft Conference hooplah.  FML.
Ugh my speeding ticket is past due! Shit oh shit! FML!!! 
Fuck today  walkin to colonial acres to do this community service about nutrition  fuck man....just want to go home *FML*
FML   Again
jfc I'm going to bed.    This hit me so fast.  I was fine when I got home from work and now I'm all FML from head to toe.  Sorry everyone
Guess who just got bit on the cheek by a bug? Guess who is also allergic to bug bites? FML 
@Jessums31  I was either sleeping/studying and didn't see the tweets until the next morning. FML. That would have been amazing! 
@BMolko Haha YES, that would be a case of FML. Hope you didn't get cut from the plate dropping, cos somehow that ALWAYS happens to me. 
WOW FML. I hate Algebra 2 sooo much. ITs so fucking hard. I cant finish the study guide!  And I cant turn in my hw tomorrow UGHHHHHHHH
sooo im working on a song, and my CPU Freezes on me... Erasing my whole Session... FML... well, i guess there's always tomorrow 
Oh Gawd that sneeze changed my life, I no can breathe  FML
@jamiepena That reallllllly sucks   I feel your pain though, Bailey woke me up an hour before the alarm was set to go off....FML2
I'm such an idiot! Thinking it was gonna be in the 60s and rainy I wore a sweater 2day. Its really gonna be 90 degrees....FML 
Back to work  FML
WAHHH!! I was carrying my lunch to the microwave and I dropped it on the floor!!  Total FML moment.
@brododds send it in to FML... Or I will... And I'm sorry about your new car looking like a couch cushion 
FML. God seriously this summer is so boring when I'm by myself. And everyone else has lives so I have no one to talk tooo.. 
FML Hiccups. 
@TimothyH2O and now im mad  lol. last years AI, my friend was offering me backstage passes. i called my venue&amp;said no M&amp;G.effin liars. FML
The Thai dermatologist I saw a for just a slight rash told me I &quot;needed&quot; Botox, filler and laser treatment! This feels a lot like FML. 
@Lex_Mercedes   I have to work! As usual. FML.
All my friends have plans this summer.. Guess it'll be another lonley one  FML.
@maellability I cannot use help it but to use this acronym. FML FML FML FML!!  &quot;Status: In a Relationship &quot;
ugh i hate people waking me up when i JUST went to sleep. ugh.. sick and in bed! FML 
oh yay after i get done babysitting i have to go to the hospital! i'm sure that'll REALLY improve my mood. FML 
FML, no really. Car ate corner of client's building  and now I'm searching for two lost checks due at boss' house in two hours  wtf??
FML.  I just stepped on my g/f's laptop screen.   Worst part...it's a tablet!
iwjgrkjrbg applications take TOO long !  FML &amp; no sushi tonight w willl  uugghh my dad sucks!!!
I'm fucking screwed. I know I don't use this but..... FML. Seriously. 
SMH @ me... so thought I was over that phase in my life... guess not so it's back to the drawing board. *FML* for real 
Im Berry-less!!!!!  #FML
I was totally gonna work put &amp; my mom comes home with a plate of BBQ from my aunt's house, FML lol  it's soooo good.
Well that didn't work out...won't be going to the movies tonight  FML!!!!
Well FML I just remember that I forgot my retainers. 
FML! Jordan doesn't care about me. He doesn't love me. I think he has another girlfriend... I don't get what is up with him! 
And I left my flat iron at my sis house.FML.Im not goin anywhere today. 
@AshleyHonsinger I didn't get it!!    Too busy at work!!!  FML!!!  lol
So tired I'm a little dizzy. Meds SOO not helping this state of affairs. Wah.  I need cuddles. From my bf. Who is comatose. FML.
Work-FML 
Oy. Sleep before I fly home tomorrow. Drs appointments all day Monday!!!! FML! 
Argn comp's down, can't watch the game  FML, FML, FML! TEXT ME THE SCORE ;O thanks...
... Want breakfast.  i forgot to charge my phone! FML.
So why did I get my Popeye's and when I got back home everyone was locked out * smh*Just got back into the house that was 5 hrs ago FML 
 goodnight everbody.. Hope I can fall asleep.. FML
@sidebangceo dunno? I've software unlocked it myself, but it went into recovery for some reason, and now iTunes locked it again. FML 
I dropped my Popsicle on the floor  FML
@Kamie_k Restraunt in St.A's called little johns. Working again today!  4 till finish! FML!! x
I'm sad!  I can't see Trey tonight! FML...I NEED to be 21!
Never thought iId be bitter about NOT being at the TONYS.  FML I miss working! 
Sooooo bored. Broke a string practicing  FML
OH: Sooooo bored. Broke a string practicing  FML http://tinyurl.com/lwltky
Thought I was completely over it but I guess not. FML!! 
@laurenelizwhite No Tyler keeps pushing it back. I might never find my car   WTF.. says he has to work now till 1. FML
Arriving in downtown Pittsburgh right before the Penguins parade and the handle on my rolling luggage broke. FML 
Well just came in from dancing and im tired !  bed in 10 minutes  FML...
FML, i was sooo stressed 2day i left amrons CD in my locker  &lt;/3 now i dont get to rock out to his jizz-tastic voice 2night &lt;/3 
Possibly allergic to my new medication? FML  calling the doctor after the pharmacist told me too. Blah.
Dear Frog parade come home soon   I heard layla on the radio and it made me sad...  meanwhile robert tussin loves wow more than me! FML
my mom just gave me a milk shakee, keyy word MILK ! omgg my tummy is bubbilinggg  FML
FML im breaking out  making because im stressin or idontevenknowww.UGH
I have a fever in the summer! My face is hot and my body is freezing! Not good at all  FML
FML stomach virus! Cant even focus my eyes, must have water 
Okay why do i always wake up 3 hrs early... FML 
SOLD  ( FML.L): Sorry guys i had a stop loss at 6.25p! AHHhhh i didn't realise it would get hit! I literally have gone on a break from ..
Day 2 of feeling like a truck hit me.  FML
Summer school is whack FML I just want to go nene 
@mjasono I woke up sick!! Your tweets are contagious!! FML (via @kimmpossib1e) hHahah dammmn! Sooo sorry 
so I didn't have icing, being the brilliant me i put chocolate whipping cream instead, now the creame is slowly melting ON THE CAKE! FML 
so I didn't have icing, being the brilliant me i put chocolate whipping cream instead, now the cream is slowly melting ON THE CAKE! FML 
NOT OKAY!!! HBO is not working for me. FML I was sooo excited 
Pam might stay late tonight too!    FML
I'm pissed my stupid TV doesn't have CMT on it! Now I can't watch the CMA awards  FML.
@mcoopers81 So true.  I was fine all winter and NOW I get sick. FML
So sad  losing and no one to drink with in Vegas!!!!!I wish my homie franky were here He would drink with me!!FML
Ewww, tonight: geography and arts homework. FML  #squarespace
@MsBunni IM so pissed I missed half of the season and now the season finale  UGH FML!!
I'll be alright, Brenda.  I want a miracle to happen. FML!
Wisdom teeth are getting pulled tomorrow at 8:30 in the morning. FML!!!! No fun for me for awhile 
Summer is the worst.... FML 
EWWWW. Definitely, FML 
Gawd I h8 working  I wish I could sleep l8ter ugh FML
FML FML FML SO LATE FOR MY EXAM 
- @Darcy_Lussier @lkrammes I went to work once last year with no pants. Ironically, that was my last day of work at that job. FML 
@TahMahRah LOLOLOLOOLOLOLOL, my picture is OLD. i needa new one but im not photogenic  FML.
http://su.pr/2p4TkF To my American friends, a nice FML contest! Wish I could enter 
My wallet was stolen along with all of my cash. Got the wallet back sans cash. Amcore sucks, too. FML. 
Dear lord... packing up your room is no fun at all  FML.
Ughhh oh my god my fucking new JONAS cd is stuck in my aunts car cd and it wont come out. FML and i just got it yesterday 
I got the DDR Extreme theme to work for StepmaniaX v11!  for about 8 songs, then it rebooted into the dashboard  FML
Picked up my dropped off laundry for the first time ever today. Except now the laundry people know what my underwear look like.   FML.
@oanhLove Nm no gym today. I have really bad cramps right now, FML! In pain  plus, I gotta go to buena park in traffic. Grrr.
NOOOOOO!  flooding at work = not good = lots of cleaning in the am    FML
@SplashAdams btw...I lost my signed forms for husep to earn my money bakk...the L! Orientation is on Friday.  FML.
@selenagomez ahhh, you and demi are in toronto and i could see you both at the PPP premiere, but i have to study for finals. FML! 
FML I come home and tho its on a surge strip, my computer got fried. Laptop is in Pittsburgh bc bf's comp is dead. No money for a new one 
Just got back from swimming! Time to study math.  FML.
FML jeanette mccurdy from iCarly is almost 3 months older than me 
OH: FML jeanette mccurdy from iCarly is almost 3 months older than me  http://tinyurl.com/ksp9z6
workkkk 7am-5pm, tanninggg, and then babysitting Ariana+Sienna 6:30-???. FML. Soooooo tiredddd 
FML!!!  So tired, so tired.
ARGH!  FML.
Forcast for tomorrow? A few sprinkles of genius with a chance of doom!!! Ugh jury duty. FML and omaha 
my last update was 4 hours ago  Im now up &amp; about to head to work!!! UgHhHhHh FML 
Today is my bio regents. my school makes us wait outside for a half-hour before going in. it's raining!! Can you say FML? 
@Bonita0110 loll bonitss I shouldve known haha I'm good ... At wayne now  FML.
I just ate sloppy joes for breakfast  Then I dropped my damn drink on the floor. FML
Day 2 and i already wanna kill my mom&amp;sister. Annoyed as fuck. &amp; our &quot;suite&quot; has one bed. FML! Floor til sunday. I miss everyone. 
EXAM TODAY!!!  and tomorrrow ant TUESDAY!! FML
My paycheck is over $100 short this week  My sick time didn't go in. FML
FML. my ipod went into disk mode and the only solution besides erasing all of its memory (aka MUSIC) isnt working!! 
@PhillyD Nooo  I thought you said friday in the video, cause I'm stupid, I even got someone to take my shift! I can't go today. FML :'(
@addiieee Gahhh!!!!! I just got out of the shower, and i have to go do something for my mamma now. FML!!!! When do you leave again?! 
@TacoDoom I don't want to but I have absolutely no drive.  Depression fucking bites the big one. FML
FML. My phones almost dead :| if I don't text back, that's why 
FML got on the wrong bus. Have no idea how to get home 
Shitty evening, have had a menieres attack since supper. FML. I hate this. I can't even look after my baby right now. Miserable. 
is STILL in the costume shop doing fittings... since 10am!  FML.
OMG...FML!! yesterday my tire just blew and today somebody backed into my parked car  somebody is trying to destroy me!
Today I saw a silver Volvo and thought: &quot;That's Edward's car!' FML. 
Ech. everyone's just out to ruin my plans. FML. they can suckitt&amp;choke 
Goodnight cruel world  good morning biology test FML lol.
TGIF... Oh, wait, I work weekends. FML. 
NOOO! i have a soccer game tonight @ 9:30 and it's suppose to rain. FML 
FML... Don't feel too well! 
FML. ATL on MTV.  i'm happy for them but itbstill makes me sad.
Watching Modern Marvels and they're talking about when Mustangs came out.  FML, I want one. fuck you @joshbeck, I'll bro it up all day.
FML. ATL on MTV.  I'm happy for them, but it still makes me sad.
Time to go on lockdown mode for the weekend to study for math... FML 
FML... My flight to bloomington just landed in Indianapolis!!! Haha so much for ok flying weather 
damn....now i officialy kno 4sure i lost my ID in Miami  FML
Soo I got up, turned my swag on, took a shower, got dressed, laid down for a min &amp; pretty much decided to stay in  so f'n TIRED. FML
Just finished the board for Jay's graduation party. Now I have have to clean my room  FML.
Fuck guess I'm not making it out to chitivas tonight. Ended up in the ER instead  FML
@FoxxFiles ur right I did  Turns out that the area I was in ALSO had a Chipotle down the block that I didn't see until hours later FML.
Hmmm only guys that seem to live very far away like me  FML.
Ugh!!! FML!!! I'm so tired!!! I wanna go back to sleep... 
Got a bad headache boo  FML!
listening to Jasey Rae &lt;3 &amp; being sad  &lt;/3  FML.
FML!!! I see everyone with iPhone 3G S!!!! 
FML. I spilled jager in the earpiece of my phone. No longer can hear u.  FMB
Super disappointed. FML.  
FML is blocked by the McDonald's wifi. Wtf. I just want to laugh at people. 
FML....my phone doesnt worrrrk  i hate tmobile sumtimes! UGH
FML i need to be on the internet to do my project nobody has a good wireless in Bmore 
FML for having to go to work tomorrow when JB will be half an hour away. 
Love how all the attractive boys have girlfriends  ugh FML
@elizabethmalloy FML. you know what I am talking about. Michigan has alot of making up to do. 
@MetalFreak2000 Too many rednecks at the bar tonight, and I guess I look too young to hit on these days, got no second looks.  FML.  
Mama Chung indirectly called me fat and told me to go on a diet today. FML 
Omg. I'm exhausted, my allergies are terrible, i have a headache, my body hurts all over, and i have 2 sleep alone 2nite.  FML    .&lt;3 you.
i just found out the hotel that i got for next weekend was canceled in SF&gt; WTF!!! i don't know what to do now.  FML!
@geeugh&gt; i just found out the hotel that i got for next weekend was canceled in SF&gt; WTF!!! i don't know what to do now.  FML!
swimmers ear in BOTH ears + cant hear out of 1 + nausea + dizzyness + fever + sunburn + POS car = FML 
I broke my iPhone  it was perfect and I dropped it on the sidewalk. #FML
I just broke my pen. Total FML moment right there ae 
So sick! Stupid vacation  fever swollen throat FML
@likeamovie IT'S SO ADDICTING.  lmfao and I ripped Gabe's audio post FML.
Well, I'm going to have a father's day kind of breakfast, with my mom's special friend  ... FML, for real T_T
This gilf wants to Fuck me  FML
Ugh! FML and this job. This is beyond ridiculous.   http://myloc.me/52GN
@AGuthers wait! Ur not in the office!! FML! FML! This officially blows! I'm looking at at least 7:30 
just qot home from work... the eyebrow place was closed  FML! .. Laundry is for tomorrow we have too much clothes haha..
And ohh.. did I mention to y'all that i now have a mahusive crack on my iPhone? FML  KMN!
On my way home from getting an allergy shot. Jinxed myself and i have a fever yet again. FML 
Going to work nights AGAIN   FML
Fuckkkkkkkkk My dipstick broke  I just ordered a new one, but that's $21 for all for nothing. FML!
@smishpratt Sorry, dude. I was too busy being too fucking dizzy to not be able of getting out of bed and falling. FML. 
Overdraft. FML.  2 more hours of work though!
@Whack FML 
zomg one of my favourite bands @collective_soul is playing right now down the road and i'm @WORK... haven't seen them since woodstock  FML
@rendezvous09 trying!...but even if I don't I'm gonna be stuck in the house in Bmore b/c I'm broke!  FML
Ahh! I go in at 7am for eLearnings. Then again at 5pm for work. FML.  Night.
Got up to chapter 7 today, pg 54. About 550 moar pgs to go. FML. 
Well off to bed for some well needed rest! Then tomorrow I get to face the mound of work that needs to be done!  Boo. FML.
Body is still aching from exhaustion and no work on zymio done. FML 
Barely getting home. Gotta wake up @ 6  FML.
Thanks @KaitlinKullen and @chadikus for tonight. To bad I have to sleep now...Sleeping leads to dreams, whichs leads to false hope...  FML
@kattiev Seriously need as much money as possible  All my summer plans are down the shitter now. FML
I feel like shit. I'm nauseus X 5423867. And my Dr. is on vacation. FML. 
Pretty bad night into a crappy morning....FML! If only buttface didnt say he could go into work today 
Well time to go into hell for a day, alone.  . FML really, fuck it.
found a way to share my FAVORITE FML stories   http://tinyurl.com/crmb9o via @ShareThis
@laryissa OHYES. FML app on my Blackberry for viewing at any time. 
@CrysWinchester HAHA Awe you make me laugh  Seriously, get better! I have creepers asking me for nudes because of my friend :| FML.
@justineungaro - You and me both!  She is one big FML, I say.
FML is becoming a household word, Oxford should include this in the next dictionary revision. It stands for F* My Life 
Leaving for Bamboozle... which is five minutes away. Working til like 9pm. FML! 
@gregmottola I believe that is true, FML is quite the phenomenon...all thx to Superbad 
Ugh was up till 5 drinking and totally forgot about moms day brunch at 10. FML!  Sorry @krs_one ma for asking to slumber party!  
Maybe I'll be worth filming in another decade,I'll be 27 then.Oh well, time for me to read FML 
They should really make a LML website, so the people on FML can compare it to their own lives, and it'll sound twice as worse. 
@shanedawson   first, r FML video gets flagged by haters. now its featured. thats AWESOME    &lt;3333333 u!
on my way to Lupita's  time 2 convince her to pull out the 2 peice bathing suit ;) ha ha *FML*
