Most common words for this cluster:
[('fml', 445), ('day', 35), ('work', 24), ('quot', 16), ('tomorrow', 16), ('today', 15), ('phone', 14), ('am', 14), ('na', 14), ('school', 13), ('amp', 13), ('hours', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'FML', 0.9999423623085022), (u'ReNaissance', 0.5310207605361938), (u'Yomhlaba', 0.49248403310775757), (u'ZSE', 0.49111154675483704), (u'ZimRe', 0.4856419861316681), (u'Zimpapers', 0.4834248125553131), (u'KFHL', 0.4813358783721924), (u'Dynamic_Cables', 0.4786483347415924), (u'GIPF', 0.4681672155857086), (u'ZHL', 0.46740493178367615)]





No new csi tonight.  FML
Wow. The most depressing thing in the world is losing a video that you've created in a matter of seconds.  #FML
you guys I can't sleep  but I really need to cause I have work &gt;_&lt; FML
I'm too sick from my meds to even stand  FML
WOULD have rocked the forecast, until one last batch of precip snowed out 0.01&quot; in the first hour.  I just can't make up my points   FML
in catholic morality... lab nextt  apparently i didnt study the right stuff for apush. FML. w.eee
Today, I was putting on jeans and noting how they're my very favorite jeans and I love them so much. I proceeded to rip them. FML 
FML, actually just F the school part. I guess this means I won't get to go out tomorrow. 
has a game at 8am  FML.
Starting to realize 90% of posts on FML are fiction and never happened 
FML that shit was expensive 
gonna be a hell of a day at work  FML
Drinking soda again was a bad idea. FML! 
Really? REALLY? I'm having a baby!  (I'm not really, but damnit I feel like I am.  ) FML always.
I'm soooo tired!!! Everyones so fricken loud that I can't sleep...FML! 
So sleepy and I still have 3 and a half hours to go  FML
ugh!!! FML i accidently put my ipod thru the wash!!! who does that?!?! 
I have to get up in 3 hours, FML 
ugggggggggggggggggggggggh! FML   
just broke my camera  FML!!! don't try to fix something that's not broken
2pts away from a B in humanities  FML
FML, what a horrible ending to a fun night 
@aaronob my name is an FML post in general xD gina just is a bad name. I've been called vagina more times than I can remember  assholes
FML ! D: i cant go to the mall because of the fucking swine flu im sorry 
Oh my, I dnt feel good.  I just woke up and threw uppp   FML.
just got to work dont feel good  *FML*
FML...i just want to go home 
about to go to bed, school tomorow...FML. all i want to do is make videos 
work ALLLL day....FML 
fun day at the beach! - moms making me go to church tomorrow  FML.
wishing i could sleeeep. exams in 2 days FML.  worked a double yesterday and all day today  and is sick of working.
is going to work  FML.
wow. ii just hate my life rytenow, i dunno why iim just seriously not in tha moooddd !!! And i misss my pupppyy she's in for surgery  FML
@cindaaababeee well i know you love him n everything n he's beastly; lol n @sh00kz FML ima be so lonelyyy 
FML, i hate not being able to sleep 
@KrystalAuroraaa i feel so dumb krystal. i pulled the pipe out of my house with my car. FML! now we have no water and my dad is kinda mad 
@LilRedRooster I don't want to be his lil mama!  Especially when he doesn't know the difference between right/ write and no/know!   FML.
FML i might not be able to get into the club to see vertical horizon... Sucks not being 21  [ i &lt;3 zeRi/ S.A.]
just learned that vast amounts of hard work and good intentions will never protect you from a moment of stupidity. FML 
My ipod just died  FML
oh FML, just found out tom morello is opening for janes addiction and nine inch nails..... growing up sucks 
Apparently.. My sleep schedual is so messed up that at 4 am I'm still wide awake  and I have an alarm next to me going off in 5 hours FML
I need to go to beddddd  these party animals won't let me! FML
@louisianawijaya ya sounds good. suss sang winter wonderland on the phone just then which gavin sings in the movie and i was like FML  hah
ugh I feel a bit sick FML 
@runskitbg FML just found out the game is at 1:30 
at the libraryy  attempting to do research paper &amp; not really getting anywhere! the finals due tues. FML.
i just smacked my already bruised leg on the edge of my bed, FML. 
is going to seriously miss beijing. boo  now she has to go back and be someones good girlfriend again. FML?
I broke my nanna trolley on saturday  and I was a 20 minute walk from home. FML ...... and I ate too much for dinner.
today is a very sad day. i don't even know how to borrow books in a library. FML. 
Hangover. FML. 
I have a fever. FML how am I supposed to take my final feeling like this?! 
I can't find my notebookand I want to finish my script  why oh why does this always happen.....FML
FML, first memorial day back in the states in god knows how long and im alone 
is going to the license place now  FML
@TravisDST why are you FML?   so sad!
While cleaning my room i rediscovered my dead battery collection and also found out my dad recycled most of my collection  ((  (  FML
@HollyHuddleston ahh i dnt wana go 2 schoool  my friends get 2 go 2 the beach. FML 
i swear god hates me or something...its storming down in florida and storming on mem day, we planned to go to disneyworld that day  FML
gah, wakin up with sore throat!!!  what the hell? how? FML.
found the cutest ankle moccasins for 15.00...size 7 then i found knee high moccasins for 9.99...size11 either too small or too big  FML.
It's a FML kind of day. 
OH: It's a FML kind of day.  http://tinyurl.com/powxta
15mph on the freeway. FML   http://twitpic.com/61bnb
FML. I feel so nauseous right now. 
No drop&amp;run for the next 2 weeks!! Ahhh FML 
FML. my phone is being a dickweed!  i am in desperate need of a new one, lmfao.
I was going to fix me another sandwich but, I just remember I ate all of the meat early and the bread. Now, I'm just here hungry. FML 
I farted on my dog and now everytime I go near him he runs away  FML
Doesn't get the weekend off anymore  11pm-7am shifts at work, literally, this is a FML moment.
Yay i guess, How is it one can be angry, sad and frustrated all at once? And how is it i cant do nothing about the situation? FML. srsly. 
FML....I get in these awful places in my head sometimes....now is one of those times 
h no lights/radio on to preserve the battery. We just pushed the car  FML!!!
OH: h no lights/radio on to preserve the battery. We just pushed the car  FML!!! http://tinyurl.com/lslhtx
Is. this. a. lie? FML. F uuuuuuu. I can be such a fool sometimes 
FML still awake  melatonin not working!
@kpatthethird FML dad didnt leave me any moneyz, so i have 2 wait till he gets home   call me when you finish work?
FML, i cant loose another friend 
FML. . .i have the worst paper cut on my knuckle from all the papers i was handling. i hat this damn research paper!!! 
And my basketball is flat and there was a massive spider in my pavement chalks  Now the sun has gone in. FML.
just slammed my finger in a car dor  FML ow
1st presentation for senior boards? FML 
FML not having a car is prohibiting finding a job 
@xoxobb11 you got it all done?? even the labs? thats all i have left to do. and i cant figure it out. FML 
I think I may have just lost my job... FML 
 whats the point of wisdom teeth? NOTHING! grr in so much pain and i look like a chipmunk FML
 FML.. today sucks.. i just hope the dance will bring my soul up.. i pray, but im still sad..i hateee todayyyyyy!!! &gt;;(
This day jus keeps getting better and better  FML
blehhh i feel poopie. i have a fever and my whole body hurtssss   FML
There are no appointments left for the day so they're trying to work me in. almost an hour for a stuck freaking power button FML 
I cant believe i blew off that cute guy and his friend who were selling us concert tickets  FML
@quinnlankummer ughh i really want to go!!! but i dont have a ride  FML
 FML &amp; my mom
@IsadoraR yeah all their previews on myspace sound pretty rad , and guess what? the one song i have..WONT go on mp3. FML.FML.FML. 
FML!!!! I dont wanna b up all night bored now 
@DragonRiderHP FML, right? my friends drove here and I wanna go home... the bad kind of drunk. 
@waxels hope it was the best night ever!!! FML for not being there 
FML...................oh wait, it already is. 
FML, I have to go on this stupid field trip WITHOUT anymusic. 
FML you have to be 18 to stay where we are and there are guards everywhere but they don't care...one just IDed us  fml ughhh
@patriciatseng sigh.. so boring w/o FML.. 
Starting work at 4 waiting in the breakak room...its so busy today  FML
FML! got my hair cut...I'm not too proud of it...it's like a shorter version it was to begin with. 
My laptop is busted   I have a spare but it's just not as fabulous (bare bones, w/out all the apps), I'm devastated.  FML.
my bb is shot shit just cut off then tried to cut on sayin relod software having did a backup in a while i kno ima need a new 1 FML 
The letter then goes to say that my card &quot;... could be at risk for unauthorized use.&quot; FML! 
fiddling away the evening because my lungs hurt too much to play winds. FML. i need zyrtec but can't afford it 
FML:  I installed a new game ... and it was corrupted.  
FML without a phone for a week  stupid blackberry's rediculousss!
except i forgot to give him something  it was in my pocket too! FML
listening to angel sing on the phone, FML 
Pretty sure I was just forgotten, stood up, whatever you want to call it. FML. 
WTF...was i high when i did these notes!?! cause they're all incorrect....FML. 
FML  a bit upset at the moment
I have a sore tum tum  and my eyes are still really itchy. I want to stab em'. FML
UGH had the worst sleep ever i have a major hangover my body feels hella weak and i last ate 1  or 2 in the afternoon yesterday. FML 
FML can't go shopping cuz I have to pick rocks and my gido broke his arm 
FML exams start tomorrow 
FML  f***ing migraines back, wth wheres my migranol 
I'm out of nyquil.  I need sleep so hopefully I'll heal. What an inconvenient time to be sick. Finals start tomorrow &amp; I have a job. FML.
oh man i gotta study  i don't know why they love doing exams in my school. it's like i finish them but in 2 weeks i have exams again. FML.
FML my father bought  me ticketsto pr for 1 week n to dr for another week but my stupid job wants me to take only 1 week ughh shit suckz 
Another car accident... FML. 
No sign of my supa cute marine.  He is gone forever. FML.
i think i made them sad.  FML!!! :'(
@anjlishah HAHAH yeah. FML  im gonna fail school.
I feel like a douche bag completely! Why do I say stuff to people that is unneccecary.  FML
oooo great, now my sis @misspassion says im lame too! FML! 
maybe it's because our conversations are always like yeah im great hbu? haha shit FML i need t talk more to the people i like!  hahaha
FML. my phone just broke 
If it aint one thing its another....FML 
hurt.  &amp; is the biggest nerd. been left behind again. FML
I don't feel good...again. FML. 
 woke up early to wash and dry my tie dye shirt...the stupid thing is still wet. =[ FML.
I'm going to die if I keep trying to take a picture.  And its FML 120. 
Oh yeah that's a big FML 
feeling like shit, im definitely gonna throw up  ahhh FML
FML It's early  only four more days of schooooool!
is really in a funk right now...FML 
Is in science class.  FML!
http://twitpic.com/6ew4i - I hate my job  hour 2 of sorting FML
Missed rehersal  i hate it when you cant breath from your nose!!!!! FML
FML!!!!!!!!!!!! This class is hard as hell 
 I feel so shitty! FML.
@typesetjez Sounds a tad like an FML to me. 
just got back from school i'm so beat, and i have a bunch of hmwrk plus cavs lost in the playoffs. FML 
want to be @ home chillin in bed/watching movies with @shewww   but noo instead of work sending me home they feed me algae vitamins FML!
I broke strings on both my good rackets FML 
@ha4real no, no hot neighbors.  FML
uggggh FML. i'm lucky if i pass math with a C!!!!! 
Is FML FML FML!!! I officially feel so fuckin shitty 
My things that have sentimental values are gonna be left behind  particularly my yearbook. FML.
FML...im up to me neck in work to do...with so little time. 2 papers due 
finally fell for the tweeting hype  FML.
Just ran out of rubber cement. And no glue in sight. FML 
I just realized I was staring at the &quot;When will you die... :number rapidly shrinking:&quot; for a minute..FML. 
so super sick  missed the athletics carnival FML
cant believe that their is no more lauren on the hills  FML
standing in line for walk-in court FML 
OH: is in court all day.  FML. http://tinyurl.com/maj6d6
Dammit I really wanted to go to the gym today! But I am officially a sickly and can't get out of bed  FML
There was some strange kid in class talking to himself and making noises :/ quite distracting! He said hi after class let out   #FML
I just woke up from a really strange dream and now I have a headache. FML!1 
FML I kinda want to crawl into a corner and put my head down. 
FML -_- i burnt my lip cuz i put the blunt backwards to smoke ittttt.... lmaooo wtfff.? 
FML and my insecurities... I really wish I could over come this never ending feeling that no matter what I do I'm just not good enough 
@jiggyt721 u did put my ass back on line! how rude. lmao...and i will b pledgin tomm too  FML thats wut sisters do!
officially 60% done researching paper, 0% done writing.   and does anyone know what FML means?
this is the 2nd time my batteries died on me. damn im stuck at work  FML.
I just broke a nail FML 
i hate sleeping late but i can't help it... i'm not tired. i need temporary love &amp; affection  FML.
Today, I'll get my #wisdomteeth extracted... #FML 
This 8-9:30am shift at work is ridiculous, I could have slept over and gotten drunk playing asshole with two of my best friends. FML. 
ugh yep loves being still up at this time and yet to sleep at all and so sick  FML
#stoptheBNP someone has to, I'm working during the polling hours. FML. 
I hurt my leg running this morning. FML. 
&quot;Its hard to fail calc, but also hard to do well.&quot; -liu  I'm legit gonna fail calc  FML
fcking exhausted. it was only the first day of the whole 2 jobs in a single day thing and im already about to die.  FML. workworkworkwork!
Last day with @caseysavolt...not looking forward to this at all. FML  
I feel like doing nothing but just laying in bed. That feeling won't go away. And I have a game tonight. FML. I'm going to do so horrible 
FML!!!  ughh..gotta get outta this depressing mood..i hope me nd the bestie realli do go clubin tomorro nite...bcuz its needed rite now..
This has seriously been one of the longest weeks in recent memory. FML 
is sick of bein broke  FML
FML. this is gona be hell weekend... writing paper &amp; studying for finalsssssssss. aghh! 
Is working a double tomorrow FML 
FML I totally forgot I have to work tomorrow at 8am 
ridin with ray 2morrow...hope he doesnt mind  great..my life gets worse every minute..hope i'll be back home in time...FML!!!!!!!!!!
has nothin to wear  FML
's mother told her she was getting more conservative as she gets older. FML 
Another weekend spent at home alone   FML
I hate when contacts are new but they still bother me, cause usually they're bad contacts for the whole month. FML 
Waking up at 6:15 for softball is extremely unacceptable  FML.
FML FML FML FML  I missed the phone call from Gen, fuckkkkkkk sake i am shit. gah.
i jus had the saddest FML moment. ever. 
exam week  FML.
I never got a volcano burrito last night  FML
Erratic broke out ! i having such a puny weekends  FML
i am so bored!!  well lets see i am writing my spanish paper and guess wht! schools over  FML!
Not going to see @tomdelonge today.  FML.
I am literally falling asleep on the job. FML 
damnit mentioning that isnt going to keep britney spear's sextape from following me. FML 
damnit mentioning that isnt going to help keep britney spear's sextape from following me. FML 
Oh, FML!! just realized I spilled coffee on my white tshirt for work 
I just forwarded a chain text to 13 people 'cause I didn't want to risk it coming true  FML
my star trek bootleg timed out and when I refreshed the page, it said &quot;video removed due to infringement&quot; FML. I only had 40 mins left 
twppls shit been crazy the past couple days... almost got incarcerated, lost my brother, and got 4 unnecessary days of werk off.    FML
FML pens are getting raped  I blame the mexican we are eating.
Ugh my least favorite aunt just came over for dinner  FML.
kay so i think my second piercing is infected FML oh and i lost 10 $  uhh just kill me now &lt;3
FML my mac mouse isn't doing the thing where you squeeze the sides and the windows all come up. it's really annoying! gotta go manual  hah
tired as fuck...got to get up in 4 hours for work  FML
FML I have more bruising that wasn't here before... I don't know if it's something I did or if some of it was just delayed ... 
I'm totally annoyed, ggrr giving up my room for &quot;our guest&quot; ugh  FML.
Still awake;  can't go to sleep;  FML.     I can't wait to get my new phone on friday, hopefully!    :{D
i wanna go to the go station and take a bus to toronto and stay there!  FML!
wakeyy wakeyy I gotta work FML !!!!!! 
hittin the sheets. school tmrw  FML
I don't even know anymore  FML
@therosenbirdx      :;9:9;ujmgkfl FML! what a hoe.
Finally got a license.... but I won't have a car or phone for a while.  FML 
just ate, but i still have a headache  finishin' up project FML
I showed up to work 3 hours earlier than I had to. FML. I had plans todayyyyy!!! 
in a FML kinda mood... 
i haven't started on studying for my finals yet. D:&gt; FML! why do i have to be sooooo damn lazy. 
just smoked my last bowl of some beautiful purp, which was followed immediately by an hour-long bout with the hiccups.. FML 
FML....i hate hospitals!! 5 hours and counting 
FML and the school system that won't let me graduate... 
@CharlesDefon tell me if you like it or not! I haven't felt the need to get it cuz everythings online buttt I checked nbc and hulu  FML.
ahhh i found it!!!....after unpacking like half of my clothes. FML 
FML i hate doing religion 
Just got a bottle of water literally dumped on me in a white shirt and now i'm freezing. FML 
FML.  stupid computer viruses.    Britlee &lt;3
Holy sh*t I haven't got any sleep. And I have to wake up early. FML.  
I had the worst best dream ever. FML 
@PearlyTeo yea it was all our personal FML exam preps. hahaha sigh -_- so sad. i too, want to pay someone to sit for my paper 
Just woke up to straighten hair...I slept at 2. FML. 
woke up feeling like balls...blah. n then I somehow bit my tongue as I was stepping out the shower!!! FML 
FML, that's the only way to describe it.. 
FML overslept didn't get up at ten and now I missed math thing joy 
My summer is sucking so far. FML 
not feelin' good at all. shittttttt, fuck stomachaches, headaches, and body sores. i went to the bathroom a billion times. FML. 
FML my dog needs surgery 
Damnit  I got excited... someone text me for the first time since friday, it was o2 FML
math exam tmr and i didn't study onee bitt ! .... FML 
math exam tmr and i didn't even study one bit ! .... FML 
and I have a crying baby on my plane. great. FML. I just feel bad for mama. crying babies on a plane usually mean their little ears hurt 
FML!!! i hate exams  2 more to go
okay hun when you're the one bitching all the time now? all you ever do is bitch because you're so damn heartless. FML  = you.
FML, i'm getting sick again 
ceiling is leaking like mad, can't pay my parking ticket, SO much coverage to do, wireimage stuff still isn't fixed... FML 
FML no joke ugh! 
ok...I'm going 2 bed!I have a quiz in the morning!  FML lol
just took my clothes out of the washer and saw my ipod in the washer im such an idiot..im trying right now to get it to work again  FML
bowl of cherries full of water in the freezer to chill cuz i love fruit cold, it's 75% frozen and i can't get my cherries  FML
simply. #iremember when life wasn't complicated. FML 
@cathyfreshhh my pants and my dr.pepper FML.... 
Is writting in my journal....ldsjournal.com since I can't sleep at 3am....FML...brain shut off nowww! 
woke up way too early with a sore throat.  FML 
what a wonderful way to start the day...oh yeah...i have a test this morning...did i study? no...FML! 
It should be against the law to wake up this early!!!!!  FML
i have no school yet im up to go to work for an hour. FML. more shots later today 
Just finished a new page for the yearbook and my pc shut down. FML 
OKAYYY. I'd be doing my hw's naaa. FML. 
cant find a paper due today for my final FML 
still don't get the FML however. 
at work just realized i left my ipod at home  *FML*
I hate work! Almost had the day off, but I didn't answer the phone!!! FML!!! I'm tired!!! 
Why is everyone so damn quiet 2day???? FML... 
FML french exam tomorrow 
FML. chad michael murray is leaving oth .  i need ice cream for such horrible news
I am always in trouble and always getting yelled at  FML
OMFG  only on chapter 2!!!! FML FML FML!!
Hey #TechPB  I have exams tomorrow  FML  (TechPB live &gt; http://ustre.am/1z9Y)
went to take a little quick nap, and woke up with a 102 degree fever. FML 
@laureninspace I've missed my wireless too, it's been over a month! Also, what happened to you that is awful enough to be on FML? Aw. 
Uuh bed , tomorrow's final school show FML. 
i hate that i have a 9am appointment tomorrow  FML
has finished work but has &quot;homework&quot; to do  FML
@charrrbabyy can't  work.... if i'm playing hooky tomorrow for the parade i HAVEEE to be there friday. FML
 ....... i want to go out tomorrow but i'm still sick as fuck and its only getting worse. once again, FML.
steady trying to bake this cheesecake, but i can't find a stupid mixing bowl. FML. 
i cant get in.  i have the same password and user dammit FML
Yay 2 test today! NOT! And to top it off my damn internet aint workin, FML 
@AVDstudios  Dude I just got up thinking it was going to be available since the mornining  FML
I want my apartment back  FML
@jchaburquez total FML  what happened?
I don't have Internet on my new phone yet  so after finals I just had to play brickbreake for 2 hours FML
FML broooklyn isn't ment for everyone just ME! 
@radnadd FML my friend was supposed to tell me when it started, pshhh  this biiiiitch. LOL
Here I go with my country music  FML!
ohhh FML stuck at workk again... 
FML...im broke as a joke and the joke ain't funny at all 
just got home from a 2job wayyyy tooo long day.. FML and the mail i was expecting is still not here 
@littlerenae fuck you for being out of school already  i have 2 more days of internal FML
my car is worthless right now  FML...
Pretty sure I just got reverse trolled.   FML
... from puppy mills  FML
FML got off work at 12 and heading back there by 6am  I miss sleep
 cant sleep because my dumb arms itch so bad. FML i cant wait to go to the doctors
FML I feel like a failure  I messed up badly.  I feel like crying
@alawatsakima i cant go to sleep without you here.....  FML
FML I wish I were British 
Working an overnight till 6am  FML
Just getting ready to go home and the heavens open   FML.
About to go to work  FML
thought the car was fixed, but guess not. FML! 
Oh yeah, I turned 23 a week ago today and guess what discovery I made that morning? The beginning of a vericose vein. FML 
FML. literally.. i am actually hving the worst time of my life atm at home.. i feel like i cant stay here anymore..  sighs..
I just woke up. &amp;the pain killers have worn off. FML. 
I'm not going to the hospital buds...  FML... @jbaby22598
FML. I'm sorry guys, but i dunno how i'm going to be able to talk. I can't stop crying.   bye.
got dumped by my gf of over a year FML  i love my friends though
worst day ever!  FML
I have to babysit tonight. FML 
failed the bio regents, i know it. and&amp; i rushed thru it to see @jonasbrothers but found out they weren't coming till 2am. FML 
oh my! alex is at the other movie! but i have to go to this one! FML! 
had a pretty bad day today. FML! 
i need more sleeppp in my life  work friday 7am-5pm. then babysitting all weekend. FML!
wish me luck on this paper that is due in less than two hours and i'm only just starting page 2  FML
@Jerrrral haha I know  FML
It's raining! No more katong lask.  FML - http://tweet.sg
@JOHNNYxDRAMA stuck at work still FML!! 
I'm sorry  I didn't want this either...FML
I have an ex-gf who wants me back and the woman I love just ignores me! I guess it's decision time?! Why is love so hard?! FML!!!! 
my iphone case broke before I even received my iphone   FML
 my mom just figured out i like oranges. FML
FML gonna fail my exam tmrw.  I hope I dont at least...
I really do want to go to sleep, but I can't stop playing WoW.  FML.
needs a new phone  and a new number  FML
FML... well more so this hangover 
About to fail two exams.      FML
OH: I had the most amazing dream lastnight.... and then I woke up into a nightmare.  FML &lt;/3 http://tinyurl.com/lswo6r
Doesn't like men with long dirty fingernails and those who chew like animals  FML
home. FML -- academic failure. &amp; dissapointment... thanks . keeping to myself tday; no hit ups, no txts. idc . . 
 see my depseration here?? lmao - btu  really its not funny. FML &quot;/
FML my gma isn't going out of town!  pool party canceled hahaha. To the lake we go
@priscberry  last time you gave me something to drink around that time...we were at saddle...I ended up at dennys...next to the toilet FML
My freaking paper plate just buckled &amp; I ended up with spaghetti all over me.  ugh FML
FML  I dunno where it's at    but damn sbux centennial is suuuuper busy! WTF. last day too 
i passed with a D+  FML
I feel like throwing up now... FML... 
so im all alone at rutgers  and i cant find my cable cord to watch tv ! FML
#inaperfectworld I would have had 1 of my masters by now..  FML.. I got that procrastinators disease.. *insert pout here*
i really need sleep but i can't seem to move. and i have tutoring soon. FML 
I missed princess protection program  FML.
@xoxnaquel FML!!!! i was gonna go but my friend can't take me anymore  i was gonna say i could keep an eye out but i cant haha
spent the day with the bf and besties....oh, and not to mention got SUNBURNED like crazy on the face and arms. FML MAJORRRR 
cant go  out anymore  FML 
ugggggh! really power outtages and shit? FML... to the max. 
FML $10 over at work  being super careful now
FML i miss my baby he fell asleep on me ughh 
I think I'm allergic to something I'm using, cause my face is itchy and red.  FML.
OH: I think I'm allergic to something I'm using, cause my face is itchy and red.  FML. http://tinyurl.com/nhjx2t
after saying no no no, never will i use twitter, i failed badly. FML 
I am hungover as a mothaaaaa. FML!!!!! 
Continued headache. FML. 
@demirox613 luckyyy! i haven't gone swimming at all this summer  FML
now my phone works but i cant see shit on the screen and all i hear is my phone getting madd texts and bbms.  ... FML!
@undergroundops i really WOULD get a fever the day this is happening. FML 
My straightener is slowly breaking  FML!
I think my day is FML worthy today 
it's offical my life sux  was about to go swimming but my sis canceled on me. FML.
sore throat  I have work tonight too  FML
can't sleep. headache/ear ache on my right side of my head. I've been trying to sleep for 4 hours. FML 
It's raining....i just washed my car yesterday...FML  
Seriously, FML. 
FML , gonna watch a scary movie needs the girlfriend 
I'm out of tokens at chuck e cheese. This is an FML moment 
... no grater... lemon zest fail  FML i'll do this tomorrow.
FML... so done with school 
My dimmer switch blew up yesterday. Now I have no lights in my room  FML http://tinyurl.com/n8uc3e
@FutureVoiceOfNY im suppose to be with you  FML
Ugh. This makes me really sad. FML 
hate to admit but i'm getting bored of FML and TFLN  any new pointless websites?
I missed the whole fair/parade in my neighborhood  I had to work... FML.
 I haven't start packing for a 7:00am flight! FML
my phone is broken  FML
I just gave my daddy his fathers day presents &lt;3 He loved them, but one of them was broken  FML
Isn't it funny how we meet &quot;the one&quot; of our dreams and one day you can't remember what was the reason he was&quot; the one&quot;. FML I'm so sad 
have to pay my credit card bill tomorrow.  FML.
FML!!!! massssive cramps!!! 
@levicrane I wish! Instead I worked on that damn classwork until midnight, and by then it was too late to go out and do anything.  FML.
FML and people who don't know how to keep their mouth shut 
@AwkwardTurtle simple as thing:        FML!
In such a bad/sad/mad mood. FML. 
Zomgg, FML, I lost my favourite pen, and idk if I can do my test tomorrow without it.   -depressed-
#mydadpwns because he loves my music! he is my #1 fan... well my mom is too... i wish they were together...  FML!
FML!  what the hell wrong with me. I'm only human, flesh &amp; blood 
had the best night ever....but is now going to work  FML.
I am so sick because of yesterday  why does this have to happen the first week of summer? FML.
what a boring day  i have to wait till 5 FML
And the condensation dripping off my water bottle just made it look like I peed myself.  #FML
@M0nikka yeah.  i was just trying to check my mail&amp;&amp;suddenly the beach ball of death shows up. :'( FML.
one hour left till my math midterm! FML. I hate everything 
I ate some brocolli and now my tummy hurts  FML.
broke the new store  FML and this week!
My navigation on my phones not workinf for me and I don't have directions down yet!  FML
wish me luck ppl, another day on board tha &quot;slave ship&quot;, gonna be a l-o-n-g day FML!! 
My life is SO lame..just woke up to find out I didn't get my dream job  FML.
well, turns out I have the crappiest car ever... cost me $1600 and I've spent over $2500 just fixing it, in just 1 year. FML 
FML! i just clicked out of a page and didn't update it with the stuff i'd just come up with! i can't remember any of it   
is nervous, surgery tomorrow  ew. And of course its gunna be nice the day after I get it ahha. FML!
On my way to school FML scc 2-5 
i wish i had a pool   FML!
I've been cleaning the house all day, I'm so tired and sweaty  It's so hot here it's gross. FML
I...just got visciously attacked by fire ants  FML!
I was suppose to be wathcing transformers but I had to give up the ticket to clean my rom for tom  FML
My effingg phonee is actingg retarted,  its timee for a new phoneee, ughhh FML.
FML my sore throat and cough is back 
@RissaAnnaly ughh your gonna stress me out  ughh FML.
I have to study. FML. 
has to study. FML 
I'ts cold and i'm waiting for daddy to bring home fish and chips  but i forgot how to spell my bebo password  FML! lol
Just woke up, cooking breakfast and getting ready for work  FML
@fangface I wasn't even planning on being awake. I think a police helicopter woke me up and now I can't sleep. And now no sexy mug. FML. 
FML... what will i do at work, fmylife.com is down 
FML there goes my beach day!  this rain is nonstop
dum di dum, cant sleeep and can NOT do the stanky leg, FML. 
reading some FML's and finishing up some socials 
Getting some coffee then going to work going to miss my best friendian bcus i definitly never see her  FML
Oh yea just thought id let everyone know it was I who stated that FML is going to be the new LOL first. Thanks 
Oh FML go romance yourself 
@StarlightSergio look at the bright side you have a really good FML  and will probably not get rejected by them again 
on my way to work......FML 
rained out we out  *FML*
.. i am going to fail my art final. FML. this was by far the worst semester of my life school wise- otherwise it was the best 
@katieelizabeth The correct binocular is FML 
Absolutely nothing. No plans today. FML. 
i'm obsessed with FML. happy mothers' day 
so tired.. so cold.. FML atm.. 
@BIGGC_ &quot;I said tea.. as in cup of tea, but he meant dinner... FML!&quot; lol. no worries, us brits mess everything up anyway 
i have to be up in less than 5 hours. -_-  FML see you soon @AirKarinaBx23 
@allieo ha! i thought it definitely gave FML's $5.97 claw hammer bar code tattoo story a run for it's money 
@Moonlightmile89 this would be a FML story for me but I see your point 
OH: @Moonlightmile89 this would be a FML story for me but I see your point  http://tinyurl.com/m3djha
