Most common words for this cluster:
[('followers', 870), ('follower', 146), ('fans', 81), ('lol', 63), ('fan', 50), ('twitter', 49), ('thanks', 43), ('u', 31), ('people', 26), ('spam', 20), ('today', 18), ('wow', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'followers', 0.9294257164001465), (u'follower', 0.6957142353057861), (u'fans', 0.6089476346969604), (u'Twitter_@_http://www.twitter.com/itproportal', 0.5885728001594543), (u'adherents', 0.5828845500946045), (u'Followers', 0.5801705121994019), (u'devotees', 0.5787802338600159), (u'Follow_@_freakonomics', 0.5729445815086365), (u'Twitter_@_itproportal', 0.5691577792167664), (u'Follow_ILW.COM', 0.5660640001296997)]





@LoveMeagan it doesn't work your fan is upset 
_secretgarden_ I haven't gotten any porn spammers  I don't check my followers, but haven't had any tweets like that.
i still want more followers.... celebrities!! for my challenge is not working too well!! 
Doubt anyones even reading these. Lol. I have no followers! 
im going to lose followers by doing this  but i have no one to tweet to! lol
awwww mann i need followers im a loser 
@lowster you haven't even sais hello to some of your older followers 
oh no i lost some followers  where do you go...
i briefly had a follower but she left me - now i feel so alone 
@TerilynnS That's what they want is new fans. They don't care about us. 
i lost a follower 
is in desperate need of followers! 
welcome all our new followers! we will follow you back as soon as twitter let's us follow more than 2000 people 
Three new followers in the space of one minute (no kidding) and all of them appear to be spammers. 
@TessAaaaah Ahh, this is how you reply!! I had all these random followers and now I don't  How sad haha.
i need somes twitter followers 
@EmpressZakiya lol yea follow me though i need more followers lol 
i lose followers all the time.  haha
trying to follow my new followers but twitter is not letting me  boo hiss
i have one follower... accomplished? 
well good night my 8 followers wish i had more 
have no twitter followers 
@gchristus i only have one follower...  will you please follow me?
hm.. what is this? follow me wars? sorry folks, not into creating a game of numbers and how cool i am based on followers on internet. 
lost two followers within the last few hours. how sad  what did I do to turn you off, good twittertarians?
30stm &gt;  12,026  Followers  &lt;&lt; a peine 26 de plus 
wishing i had a follower. 
i havent followed my followers yet cuz this goddamn mobileweb wont let me see my followers list 
lol i cain't keep up with this...been away and i missed out on ashton and demi getting the 1,000,000 followers 
@sammiepixie I know  I was told it might be a daily twit glitch..I think I need 2000 followers before I can start following people again..
 i've lost five followers, cause i don't update enough... well not recently
Oh no!  I lost my one follower (even though she was spam). 
noone will see these updates! i have no followers 
@jessicastrust @ParentStudent I'm losing followers  i shall go sit here quietly and sob quietly... waiting for my free shipping to arrive
@carocat really? it isnt showing u in my followers list on tumblr 
has lost 3 followers in very quick succession of one another and is now going to cry 
This feels like talking to myself. I need more followers. 
Just followed back a bunch of my followers, because twimailer hasn't been sending me emails. 
i think im losing followers bcuz i update 2 much...  
is feeling unpopular cause i only have 6 followers 
@Maristtella and i just realized im an idiot because i didnt read that message right. u said followers not flowers. 
i still only have 63 followers..........   the number stopped going up???
@somegirlsays is highly unfair for poverty-stricken fans 
@brianangelday26 but u have fans that love you! Don't get rid of twitter for your fans 
Why are people leaving me?!?! I used to have 15 followers. Now I have 12.  What did I do wrong?
I know  oh well I have plenty of other fans. Lol
got no followers on twitter... sad 
If you added me and I haven't followed you back it's because I can't. Twitter has a ratio so I have to get 2000 followers to add more. 
just had a million new followers - i got excited then realised it was ALL spam from newecard.com or something 
Oh No!! lost some followers, now back under 200  sorry for talking shite! lol
I'm wondering why my profile pic doesn't show up on tweetie for mac and why it doesn't let me see who i'm following or my followers in it 
I lost a follower 
i'm sick of those spam followers 
disappointed that I don't have any followers on my blog yet 
Wow! I must be really boring/annoying on here! I keep losing followers dramatically..  
To any long-standing (&amp; long suffering) followers... am sorry to tell you I just vacuumed up THE spider.... soz 
needs more followers  tell your freinds ;)
thinks that losing followers is sad 
Technical difficulties!!! Where are all my followers gone?? 
i wish my friends had twitter, and i wish i had followers  lol
my mother has more followers than me  no fair
@DavidArchie: u really dislike Asian fans like us? 
@ddlovato why do you not answer to your fan ? 
I missed the magic moment when I had 1337 followers 
Only 11 Followers  i need moreeeee.
i have no followers but one friend on twitter  am i a loser?
*sigh* down to one follower now 
oh yess 24 followers now but still no where near 50 followers 
lol ive lost a couple of followers 
i dont want to be just another fan.. i love you 
is short of Followers 
I lost a follower ... 
9 followers? wow not good! haha. help me twitter-ers!  lol.
im losing followers 
aww I lost a follower 
from my blackberry i cannot see who my followers are...ugh  but i just want to tell them 'HEY.'
first joined twitter.... no followers yet 
@mileycyrus And argentinian fans  ?
*yawn* getting tired... prob won't make it to 300 followers 
i have no twitter followers 
crazy surge of followers... hmm I automatically checked to see if maybe a celeb had replied to me but, no such luck 
 No Followers
I am doing fuck all at the moment, I am lost in twitterworld looking for my followers 
@JLSOfficial wheres your tweets marvin? we miss you! so do our 65 followers 
hmm..i've got only 6 followers..sad.. 
WHAT?! dang 2 of my followers left me  so upsetting. why did they leave? arent i good enough for them? gee wiz. lol
Just lost a follower.. 
plz leave me alone porn spammers, I get all excited to see that I have new followers and it's always you 
@followtroy not fair...you have the same amount of followers as me 
Watching the spam followers flow through 
@keza34 lol he nicked my follower feedback idear 
I woke up with 8 new followers (so excited!), but it turned out all of them were spam 
i lost a follower 
i wish i had more followers  this isn't as fun when you're kinda talking to yourself!
why do some I follow promise me exactly 16000 followers every time , especially when they have less than 1000 
@MiDesfileNegro I don't know why  or he thought too fans want to he follow them all (((
become a fan of playfish and can not get rid of it 
good evening my lovely followers. i seem to have lost about 10 of you since i last checked  what did i say?
I can't beleive i only have 8 followers. What a shame!  
Wow. I just blocked everyone who was following me with their account frozen and now I have 9 followers 
Doesn't feel good to lose followers rather than gain them 
@scottbert tell me about it! I thought I would have got more smutty replies  sadly, my followers seem too pure minded.
sum1 follow me...im fed up of bein stuck on 42followers 
i have one follower on here  need more hahaa
@roliveratx now @johncmayer has over a million followers 
@lilmarshmellow  cool! I want more followers like u 
@beautyfulashley U said ok but you're not in my followers ! 
awwwww 26 followers now ?  &lt;/3
brother nooooo I have brother nooooo followers  brother nooooo
I epically fail at fan dancing. 
i lost a follower! now im sad and doing chemistry  im in a bad mood now lol. i need another follower now!!!
oooh no i lost a follower...again !  Bad followers &gt;&lt;
I lost another follower? 
Bcos of the twitter spam followers mails I've lost track of my genuine followers 
i'm  quickly loosing  followers, whats  happening    i think i've been kelly ripa 'd x
@mikeziemer mikey !!! i only 68 followers 
add my aunt @dawn304 she got no followers 
talked about jonas n lost a follower  o wells
@JUiiCY80z sis I need more followers 
wow, 11 followers. am i that bad?  haha jks, follow me! i'd like 20 by tmrw LOL
I lost a follower 
Updates &gt; followers 
I lost a follower 
@yansie02 ha 58 followers  thxs for the positiveness(:
@bobbyedner will you ever reply to fans? 
aww i lost a follower  ehh
@FadingLullabies Ah I wish I coulda commentated on the voting last night!  But ive probs pissed all my followers off with the tweets!!
@mileycyrus i big fan of you, reply me please  i love yaaa!!
I wish you'd stop whirring, silly laptop fans 
@GrabeelLucas @alysonstonerAS     hey will you guys be one of my followers??? please  
aww man i lost two followers! 
100 Followers! [Don't laugh at me  ]
Going to bed, have a wonderful night all! I will try and be more interesting, lost 3 followers, please don't leave me tweeters, pweez 
@StarskyandCox i'm such a big fan of your work. hate to lose u as a follower 
U know you're addicted when: U r jealous of anyone who has more followers than u.   http://migre.me/1eBF
U know you're addicted when: U r jealous of anyone who has more followers than u.  http://migre.me/1eBF
@OperationA how did u get all thoses followers? i only have 6 
@WerewolfSeth R.I.P.   I have lost a follower   
 I lost a few followers today.
Still no sign of my 20k followers 
lol no one likes me anymore   had 19 followers now 8... how depressing
i don't like spammers or advertising followers  
hey where'd all me ho's go, i will delete them thankyou twitter, i like ho's, only followers i get..sheesh police state or what 
oh i so lost like 10 followers... damn it  im under 100 now XD
aw my number of followers has gone down, how can this be  sadness. i only have 27 (lol fail), where'd the other couple go?  .
just lost a follower :o  Damnnnn themmm hahaaa!
@rianneramirez hehe look u have plenty of followers na ohh. ^^ i lubb ur icon! i miss making KimErald fanarts &amp; icons. 
I can't tell you how bad I feel right now. p.s : I'm getting sad, losing my 2 followers in twitter 
eish - my follower numbers have plateaued 
ugh, my twitter followers were few. 
Oh, no!!  I keep losing followers!!  I'm down to 199.    It must be because of everything that happened yesterday.   *cries*
@tsongvilay1 The fan? 
is there any point to this if you have no followers  ?
how tha hell i loose followers? 
@walter i like to create a mosaic from all of my followers, but it limitted.. 
 ive lost a follower :O
I want more followers  It'd be funs....
Catching up on my emails and blogging. I'm so sorry to all my readers and followers.  You'll have new goodies to make up for my absence.
@ james and paul how you get followers i want some 
h8 when i lose followers  was it something i said?
being sad about losing followers..i be oh so boring 
is looking forward to heading back to the sunshine state (and just messed up the 15s  following, followers and updates)
i lost a follower  why? was it my constant #andyclemensen ?? i feel very unloved 
I keep losing followers...sadness 
woo 246th update 30 followers and 49 following yes i will make it 50 in just a min lol suprisingly tho nooone of my followers tweets me 
lost a follower today  All new followers should definitely say hi though!
@BeerInBaltimore I feel so useless.  I have a handful of followers and haven't figured out follow back etiquette yet 
#followfriday @SusieGennoe - she's only got 35 followers and that makes me so sad 
FInally friday.. man only 3 followers i feel sad 
I just lost a follower 
Needs more followers! 
awwwwwwwwwwwwww i lost a follower  what i do??? 
i get disappointed when i see i have a couple new followers, only to click and find out they're spam 
@JaymesPham I have so much angst against bandwagon fans!  They don't know what we've truly been through for all of these years! 
@alwaysatlukoil aw. sadsauce.  i am pretty sure most of my followers are robots. which is also sorta sad. ah well.
@Shaundrie wow she really upset one fan lost 
WOW...   i want a follower...
lost followers. im so jealous of those people with like so many followers for not being famous.  tell ppl to follow me (:
@_CrC_  just got another random follower.. lol.. why do i keep thinking its you!  hahahaha
I seem to lose followers by the day 
lost a follower. Why is this happening? 
you forgot your fans too!  haha
@gedhead if only @stephenfry wouldn't have some fiftythousand followers... hugh laurie's just a needle in a haystack now! 
@JeremyTheXIV i take it you're not a fan 
@ZomberellaMcFox not a fan 
I'm always a little sad to see followers I really like, decide to unfollow me. 
Feels rather lonely on here! I have no followers 
needs more followers 
in less then a min i lost 2 followers 
follow friday: following more people then followers  follow me? woot #followfriday
@tommcfly  and you only respond to ddlovato that is not your fan 
what a total bummer, i lost followers 
wow! ever notice that some twitters have thousands of followers, yet they only follow a handful (actually, less than two hands) of peeps. 
awww i've lost a follower i fail 
thank/ u guys so so much for helping me out on the followers thing! but im probably not gonna win cause i dont have 100 followers yet! 
8 of my 11 followers are random spammers 
This is dumb. I keep losing followers! 
I wish I had more followers on twitter 
i lost a follower 
@neddings if everyone who is following me please follow Neddings  he needs followers
@BridgetD i lost two followers today too 
*sigh* It's very sad that I try to defend a dear friend, and I lose followers over it. 
i need more followers , i only have 44 , i feel like no one likes me anymore 
@gregschwartz I was trying to talk some of your fans into starting up their own but they wouldn't go for it. 
@Huayruro @AlohaArleen - indeed we've all been newbies. not only that, some sources recommend the auto message to followers. bad advice. 
@mileycyrus OK you have over 600 thousand followers!!! I have 6..now who should feel 
.huhu. .lost 4 followers.  .pls help me get more.
i only have one follower 
@aplusk WOW!!! you are close to 2 million followers...and I still don't have even 10 
nawww  i just lost a follower.. who was it ?  lol
i lost a follower 
the marian wishes she had some more followers tear  anyone care enough to get me some more followers?
Is it you get past 150 followers and all of a sudden bots are activated to hound you  Where are the rest of the real people?
is sad because 9 of her 10 followers are scams.  that's sad.
awww lost another follower 
@gfalcone601 ok, now you have more that 11,000 followers, you'll never answer me again  cry cry xx
@tilliet You're crazy! I need my updates! my sister @weez910 seemed to rectify the situation. It's just a pain removing 700 followers. 
@walgman at least they're not rangers fans 
i want followers  doesnt anyone like me anymore  
@ubringmejoi Yayyyy love...your followers are speaking up..lol...now what is mines doing  lol..i NEVER hear from my followers. lol
@eleven8 damn, i kant even get250 followers   congrats tho ma!
tonight i apologise to all my followers - i cannot form sentences or spell correctly 
@xMileyxNickx did she really call you guys not true fans 
Ugh. I'm back down to 124 followers and I already did the giveaway. 
@mileycyrus we all love u but honestly do u love us back? r u not true fans becuz we like niley?  i luv u, but i dnt get it ..(
lost followers , why aren't you guys consistent? when i follow someone i stay followed 
@zacseif make your followers follow me. 3000+??!!? you lapped me 
@smellslikejess ...only 8 followers..cos i have no friends  LOL
wishing the rest of my friends knew how to use twitter!  I have no followers 
ohh man i lost 2 followers :/ how sad  haha
i feel so lonely...i don't have many followers  buts its all good! lol
hmmm I had finallly reached 650 followers...now after store trip I'd down to 649  lol
going home now...boo  but i'm sure my followers won't mind..i'll finally stop flooding hah #mmwanted
awww lost a follower 
I've lost about 50 followers today. very strange.  Why would I be loosing so many?
i keep losing followers. common guys 
i lost a follower 
I'm losing followers every minute  What's happening?
Wth lost 3 followers 
@gregbd and I hoped to break 4K today, instead followers decreased as I followed 100 or more 
Those steaks made me sick... And so are those auto-followers 
@safianolin My followers are disappearing weirdly...from 187 down to 178 in a few hours 
#fuqtwitter does twitter hate their followers? 
poor followers  i dont tweet as often anymore. shtink.
Haha, I lost 7 followers in one day. 
awwww lost a follower 
@McFreak_ I've lost 5 followers in 7ish hours 
omg my followers has dropped 
@annTRS omg  rian and zack deserve more followers!!
i lost another follower 
has to revise more  and wants more followers :L
@ohmonika i lost a follower too 
hey guys, can you post to some friends to follow me, am losing followers 
i'm super sad now  my followers decreased by 2 
@helenismint they have also all just disappeared from my followers - obviously not liking our tweets - oh well 
@bogwhoppit not a very nice follower 
needs 8 more fans. I lost my 50 fan badge.  http://plurk.com/p/xfguo
2 followers. man i am a loser 
Why did I have thirteen followers last night and now I only have 11 
where are my followers in twitter?? now,just 9! 
Watch your new followers, sex spammers are back! 
I have a mysterious 10th follower now. Why do these people always stalk me? 
all dressed up, my followers dissapeared? im depressed! 
@kathryn25t if i'm not careful I'll be back in double digits of followers 
@WILMATTLEE are they? im sure the fans will be disappointed 
just lost 2 mor followers  
250 updates! And only 19 followers 
@patriciaco wow. ) I wish she replies to her fans. 
my follower left me alone 
@adaniellec i lost 3 followers over night! 
losing my followers everyday 
@werespectmiley, i think is today. i'm sorry u have loose followers 
I am losing followers as well coz of #andyhurleyday All I can say is sorry for being a pain in the ass with my tweets 
@WeRespectMiley your welcome  i love your default pic..why are you losing followers? 
 lost a follower -1. :/
i really want more than 50 followers  and im at 46- soo please follow me! ox
has only 18 followers  please follow mee  x
i just lost a follower 
I'm pretty bumed i has like none friends or followers on this 
yesterday i had 20 followers and now 18  i think my tweets are a little bit disturbing.
@Jessicaveronica you get like 1000 followers a day, I get 10 
i feel like a horrible fan. I just vote for @mileycyrus once 
jesus is cool, but some of his followers give me the creeps.   http://tinyurl.com/I8emc7   
I always seem to lose a couple of followers after making a 'serious' posting 
I feel so unloved, I only have two followers on twitter.  #twitter, #tweet, #followers, #popularity, #followers
Feels the shame of losing two followers he didn't even know 
I've lost about 6 followers in the last few days  They were probably all 'bots though (hopefully) x
No! I have 199 followers now,  I had 200 earlier.. *tears* lolol
@FieFieSoMajor I guest i wasn't a good follower 
@mileycyrus - Do you ever reply to fans? 
I lost 4 followers over a night or so. 
@SongwriterTC I hear so much, even from brandy fans. lol that offends me! 
OK...i get followers when i dont tweet but lose them once i do...makes me a little sad... 
I only have a few follower? Why? 
I want Followers 
I just lost a follower 
lost a follower.. 
how i loose 3 followers  numbers getting smaller everyday
as the days go by, i have lesser n lesser followers 
Wow i get on and like my 14 followers cut me off and went back to 12  sucks
Aw, I lost a follower. 
I just lost around 200 followers out of nowhere this weekend  
@gflores5261 lucky you no fans where I work 
WOT i've loast another follower  lol
Oh dear, I'll probably get a number of followers I don't want with that former tweet! 
Home for lunch, for now...i dont have any followers so this is a little pointless 
Wow, I passed 1,000 followers. Too bad 1/3 of them have avatars or usernames that make me blush. 
@tommcfly #mcflytoisrael .x so many israel fans trying to say it for you. and you dont listen to us. but why ? 
@melancholygeek ooo I had her as a follower too, then she found lovin elsewhere 
Awwww my follower count is back to normal.  I liked being faux-popular.
my followers seem to increase by like five, then drop back down again? they're mostly all robots anyway. boo. 
i lost 4 followers  It is my new photo?
Why are my followers dropping like flies!? 
@barbniccum i wish it would do it for me but I am not a fan. 
I need more followers on this thing, I feel like such a loner 
can someone help me get some new followers  plz
i only have 7 followers! wow thats sad! 
@toreo what is this ontd spam u speak of?! I want mysterious followers, too 
im still losing followers 
i lost a follower  looooool
@MirandaBuzz follow me !!!!!!!!!!!! i got a twitter page today and only have 3 followers sad 
What did I do to piss 4 followers off  ...it had to be something I said lol !!
seeing how freds used to be fans are unsubing him 
ugh i keep blocking this person but they keep getting back on my followers 
ohhh  I lost 4 followers
@flyfreddie tell ya followers to follow me &amp;&amp; i'll tell mine to follow u  lol
Aww i lost a follower 
lol@losing 10 followers in a night? hahahaha don't hate 
AH! I lost 4 followers within 20 minutes! 
@kidKINO bwahahhaa. oh noes. i lost followers. 
i used to have one follower 
i need for twitter followers 
wazzup. poor followers 
Wants more followers 
i don't have any followers  who's gonna make maxadds for twitter? haha.
my first tweet, ill make it short and sweet. hope i get some followers because right now its usless to update 
Who's nicked my fan?! S'Blurry 'ot 
@CHRISDJMOYLES i update on regular basis and i only got 7 followers 
hmmmm lost 2 followers lol 
 lost a follower! lol
COME ON!!!!!!!!! 23 followers ? 
Doesn't have many twitter followers! 
follow me i just have 7 followers 
@alexiszlamal we too. and then i got some moe. and then all the inappropriate followers were deleted by twitter. so it went from 90-82 
@JoshFittell I have close to half of that.  that's okay. I still love my followers
@rhidown Just lost a follower  i rekon i will loose so many tommorow
im losing followers 
@DeannDasilva I am a great fan of him...aiiii yahh!! He died so early 
I'm down to one follower...  
I've got 11 followers but can't see any of their footprints behind me 
@jrthormann yeaa i doo big bro  lets find out followers hahahaha. ;D
well damn i better learn fast lost some followers 
follow: @cherilynnnn . because she only has 6 followers.  (via @Rylizliz)
@MarkArchibald ; just you so far.. i dont think any of my followers listen to what i have to say  oh wellls.
@aplusk man... how do you get 2 million and I got.... 27?.... give me some followers 
seriously. 10 followers? come on  ... im feeling a little neglected.
I hope i didnt offend any of my celeb followers.    i do it all for the love.
i need more followers. how do all you guys get like hundreds?! 
i just lost 2 followers!c  cooome baaack!
I have loads of beautiful shoe tweets planned, but hardly any followers 
I thought I was getting more followers.. all I was getting was more pr0n spam... 
omg everyday i lose at least 2 followers 
aaawww i have 65 followers!!  kinda sad.. the last time i checked my twitter, i had 71 followers!! follow me pls!! i need more followers!!
i have no friends/followers on twitter 
i lost a lot of followers 
@Jennifalconer hmmm....16,000....makes my followers seem non existant....only 69 
@Westlifefans im a westlife fan and i wish that nicky and dorku would reply to me haha i also have never seen them live or met them 
I lost 5 followers since last night. 
@TaylaMe3 same...no 1 is tweeting me  lol...and on top of that i lost a follower :00
@timskirven yeah, tons of spam, so annoying.  I get all excited about new followers, but then they're just fakers. popping my ego bubble! 
hey jus nu on dis need sum followers im beginning 2 feel lonely 
@nixsight You've never been a fan of me???  
@AfrikanBoy havent got so many followers, so the chances are there is noone online when i am twittin'  i am a lonely twitter
@n97fanatics Not until august 
PLEASE. I'm not even new and i only have 5 followers, 
@onhersleeve lol i feel sorry for you/other demi fans 
Starting to get sleepy. And I'm losing followers.  I must be a boring person. How sad!
What the truck followers keep leaving me 
Seriously, I hate #followfriday. Some of my followers end up spamming the crap out of me. I wish I could filter them out. 
#ff @dukedinero @dukedinero @dukedinero i need 33 new followers it's only 300 i want for now 
I wonder what it's like to have more than 2 million twitter followers??? I only have 12  
what up followers? I'm bored, nothing's really going on  any suggestions?
I didn't get any new followers yet today 
@miguelstdancer and the fans there are doing the same as somw of us did last year, it's not fair  we're all fans!
@jeiho Aww so mean  It's ok. You didn't need them. You'll probably have more followers than them anyway 
301 followers!!! I passed the 300 mark and didnt even know it...what about the cake? 
Wish i could have as many followers as i did tweets...but im not that popular 
@kennedymaine I'm such a follower 
@AllisonIAm i need a celebrity to follow me! NOWWW! i only have 9 followers now, thats too sad for my life 
Still on my follow limit...I want to follow the people that are following me, but I have to wait until I get 1818 followers.  That sucks!
@justcreative i dont think so. i still keep getting random/spam followers 
i have gotten 300 followers! yeee! No actually, well have a few sexy bots in there as well. 
@mileycyrus I am depressed, almost every day I lose some followers 
@debroby Yikes! But, as an O's fan, I'm kind of used to that. 
please follow me .. i dont have many followers .. please .. huhuhuh .. 
 I seem to have lost 2 followers today! Should I take that personally am I really that boring???
@sleepyzoe shes not going to answer you she thinks were just lame fans  even though said that she does reply to her fans, which she doesnt
 I had 6 followers and I joined 2 days ago they un followed me! :1
sending thanks to the new followers and im hungry 
only has one follower  lol.
omg!! i lost 12 followers! 
last time I was on I had 122 followers.  I got around 10 emails of followers and now I have 118. this makes me sad 
 still no followers OR requests..
twitter n00b. need followers 
i have lost 4 followers  bitches!
@eggboxrobin Ah no, found out it's number of followers  I am lacking somewhat
Why do my followers keep droping I had 57 wen I went to sleep last night I got 50 naw 
@kyleforgan hell yeahhh. but we keep getting some dodgy followers 
has worked out how to add photos!!! hopefully ill get some followers now!!!! 
Why are my followers fluc-tu-ting? should my tweets bring more bling? 
I lost followers last night 
@d_archer I'm doin nothin so I think you'll be havin more fun, I got the same follower 
is confused. Followers are dropping off like flies 
Wait! In less than and hour, I lost 2 followers! what did i do? 
I lost 12 followers through the night 
@katishias what's up ma? How u get 900 followers and u started in march  lol
@mileycyrus and for the canadian fans ? 
@tommcfly I voted for you over and over and over again! You deserve it! but you could reply more fans 
Aw... I lost a follower 
@tommcfly I voted for you over and over and over again! You deserve it! but you could reply more fans 
@ohkirsten LOL lose the spanmers. I think that's mainly what my followers are 
realized one of me followers left me  thats very sad
@SashaMari ummmmm I think @ebassman has forgotten about us..........he has soooooo many followers now 
im losing followers 
is very sad today only have 6 followers nd to be honest their not even ppl just fakers, sooo m very up set 
Ahhh, my porno follower has stopped following me! So sad! 
wishes he had more twitter followers 
@tommcfly i thought that brazilian fans were wildest 
@tommcfly i thought that brazilian fans were the wildest 
@tommcfly I still think that brazilian's fans are better. we alredy are missing you 
@tommcfly I still think that brazilian's fans are better. we are alredy missing you 
@tommcfly is seems that some brazilian fans are mean to you guys  not appreciating wgat you have done for them 
@tommcfly And brazilian fans? 
@tommcfly If you think they're the wildest fans, so you don't really know your brazilian fans... I'm disappointed now! 
 booohooo lost a follower
@tommcfly hahaha But i still think that brazilian fans do it better. 
@tommcfly that's better  i was starting to think you had already forgotten about your fans here in argentinaaaaa 
less followers today 
HEYY pplz follow @HAZZAROX he has only 13 followers 
im losing followers .. this isnt good 
I am so ashamed to be a Mets fan right now 
i need more followers and i went to having 151 subscribers to 149 ! wtf how did that happen? 
did i lose followers? Are my tweets that boring/offensive? 
My last ten followers have been marketing spammers 
keeps bleeding followers  
lost followers... sad day 
i have had like three followers who i dont know the they removed me  so no stella is my only follower (i need friends)
and on a side note...i'm guessing the whole point of twitter is to have followers huh?? that must mean i suck i only have 4 followers  
@JohnCarnell I've seen that tweet lots of times tonight. It's a shame you don't engage with your followers 
@djalfy I lost hella followers 
I am losing followers like crazy.  Haha.
I lost 3 followers today! 
@Jonasbrothers 12 for the Australian fans apparently 
wtf to me getting a new follower every three min!!!! I keep blocking them, But i can't keep up 
2 lang followers ko 
hiya @codex24 I cannot DM you as you are not on my list of followers 
I lost a follower. 
lost 2 followers...awwww  anyways  xDD
My followers are dropping like flies  ... What'd i do??
Amazed I had 2 followers within the first minute of joining, but they were just webcam bots. 
I need one more follower 
I lost a follower 
OK  now i have 28 followers. hahaha. But i bet it will lower down to 27 again 
@MarkThomasFox I guess thats what ill do if i get any more followers like that 
@lorilynnboyd= [ Not are true follower  ]
getting new here in twitter! need some followers please 
i think people like me more when i am not here....got 81 followers,    will i ever hit 100....    
WOW...i just lost a follower idk why... 
i have104 followers, but ill lose them all in a min.  it keeps happening 
geezus I just lost a follower...dis just aint good  @jayme1988
39 followers..:S what a shame ,, no one wants meeeee  i had 42 followers 2 days ago!
SO very bored though I'm not sure who reads this could do with more followers tbh... Lonely 
@stephanieelise1 i only have 26 followers  where is the love?
Followers, why have you(pl) deserted me? 
Followers, why have you deserted me? [  x3 ]
I have only 2 followers!!  please someone follow me im bored
@wackyjacky1 I've lost a follower! 
Wow just realised ive lost about 10 followers  feel unloved n unwanted lol
i lost a follower 
@metrostation i love how trace has more followers than you guys  that freaking sucks. you guys are amazing
seriuosly why do the jobro's have to have soo many fans!!! its really hard to get them to notice ME!!!!!!!!! 
trying to reach my goal of getting 50 followers, not feeling it to day 
I've just noticed that I have 5 new followers. It won't let me view them from my phone.  Thanks for following guys. You rock!
noooo. i lost a follower 
needs followers...i feel so lame 
@FleurTerry follow me!!! I need followers so I can look cool  hahaha!
Seems to me all the famous ppl just think of their followers as winning a popularity contest   They are competing amongst each other!!!
i just noticed one of my 7 followers has dropped me.. i'm now down to 6  maybe it's because i don't tweet enough. thoughts, anyone?
how comes @jonasbrothers never reply to fans anymore? 
@kiera95 i'll tweet you in a minute sunshine. I'm not really a fan of this..i only have 6 followers  its a bit depressing.
@IamSimplyJustMe - ur not big on followers ????. yea right u got 150 sumthin followers and i only got 82... 
figuring out how this works. not a follower 
I lost a follower? 
How do you lose followers so quick in one day?? Seriously...my tweets must be that horrible to lose followers! 
dormir depois  boa noite followers!
@TeamNelena luckyy! have like a gazillion subscribers and 30 followers. i only have 15 followers and 422 subbers  NILEY YAY! nelena..ehh..
@fabulouslorrain I would pool followers  But only have 180.  Even though I've been a celeb asst., i'm looking for a new job so no big #'s
Fucking hell. I have 235 followers, 200 of them do not talk to me. 
uggers..... i hate that cory died.  i still dont want to believe it...  i need more followers!!
i keep losing followers why?!  eh..
i now have 51 stalkers/followers 
But welcome new followers! And greetings to old ones! Terrible feeling that coming back to office will destroy good mood 
@moniiicaa ohhh I'll have to look that up. How did you get so many followers I want more 
@HappyHotelier hehe - those 'new' followers rarely reply... 
No one talks to me  cuz no1 is following me....I need followers!!!
I have dodgy followers... 
Just hit 100 followers but I don't think some of my female followers are what I'd call 'wholesome'  They seem to want more than my mind!
Why are most of my followers just linking to porn and scam websites? 
3 more followers, somebody unfollowed me 
@dailymtg My little mogg fanatics... they where so good and now they are so bad... I'm going to cry... 
i have no idea who most of my followers are 
This is bad. I lost one follower.  I need eleven more. 
still getting used to this twittering business, so far i like, need more followers tho 
minus 4 followers = a hit to holly's ego  doh!
wow another follower. if only it were this easy to get folowers for religous cults 
@EmmaNiChorrain ys er no council lol.... well facism *as its correctly spelled haha* is thrown round 2 often lol i need new followers 
I think I am like, spamming twitter now? Ahaha my followers will find me annoying and stop following me! and that's sad 
dare not even look in my followers file coz i know who it will be 
In the last 5 days I lost 3 followers 
feels so lonely...no followers 
humm..i think I keep losing followers 
@jenscloset I keep blocking these types of followers, but they keep coming back.  I don't get it.  
I need more followers  im going bed guyssss nighttt xxx
i still have 123 followers and no one talks to me 
Just nuked all the obvious bots following me, down to 19 followers 
please i need more followers 
@Chumanii that's what I thought.. post another pic &amp; I bet u get more followers! your other ones are unavailable 
how i have over 300 followers and yet no one answers my questions  ya'll porn sites or did you just follow me in hopes to gain followers?
Jillian, you let me down! poor mark  (i debated really hard about posting this but hey, i only have 23 followers so its ok)
#itsuckswhen you twitt so much you over load the page and lose followers  cry with me!!!! *snifF SnifF*
1 more minute!! and no followers 
@mileycyrus my prayers are with u  i hope u make it through this fake scandal!!! just know u have all ur fans 2 support u :] stay strong!
@upsidemeagan how the hell do you get 386 followers?! I have 4  i feel so unloved!
Without the sex bots I have considerably less followers. 
just got my 200 follower. but I have a feeling it is just a spambot 
I just lost 2 followers?  LVATT cheer me up, please?
lost a follower  wonder whyy
so so sad.... I need more twitter followers...... im a loner....  hahahahahahahaha
more porn followers 
not really feeling my salad today  going to search for some new followers on here, just waiting for a colleague to show up
omg i looked i have sum spam followers im not gonna stay up to get 5 more to make it 2 400 cuz the spam people will be gone soon 
PEEPS! Follow @YanaHeartJonas cuz she wants more followers. She's so sad that she has little only  help her out! ;)
f*ck u!!! i want 2 follow my followers!!!  *angryy*
I only got 26 followers were the love at 
*yawn* only 7 followers 
I was going to do a shoutout to the 500th person to follow me. But, I found it to be one of those I will get you 10,000 followers people. 
 I don't want a million followers and sending out the exact same tweet is annoying. How can people with 0 updates have followers? So sad.
aww i've lost 3 followers   Anyways off to go bowling.
haha.. guess I'll stop writing to myself.. guess you need followers to read this  
@ThePaulDaniels looks like one of your followers has eloped with your swans! 5 to go now! awww 
@bizziefan seriously, the fans, and even cast..we are all speaking it just seems as if they can't hear us 
@lovestyle get out of there or get a fan   
doesnt get the point of twitter if you only have 8 followers.  
Aw- the follower expansion finished 
feels like a loser (totally kidding) bc I have very few followers 
lol  i only have one follower!!!!
i only got 19 followers now    its happening again!  im gonna lose all my followers again!  lol
I want more followers  i feel like im not talking to anyone when i tweet
@peterfacinelli you still need over 300,000 followers...  im tryin lol. you WILL win the bet! 
Uses 'compost' as a metaphor and gets some gardening enthusiast as a follower.  When am I going to get 'relevant' followers? 
just learn from gunadi that 2 of my followers kena banned.. so sad.. cos they were lesbians.. 
@kirbster00 well dang I didnt know any of them was dead  sum fan I am.smh.
@alexis_cs it really sucks, cause i get really excited when i get new followers 
twitter doesnt show my god damned followers 
Struggling with tweetdeck can't find out who my followers are who I am following or see the public timeline 
@peterfacinelli whatever that vid is I can't view it  good luck with more followers today. How you gonna decide which loyal follower?
following 60 people now and only have 43 followers ... bummer 
Who is my follower? There is a sign that telling I have a follower, but I can't check who it is!  It's very scary!!!
#haveyouever been so excited to have finally hit 300 followers only to look and see someone unfollowed and now you're at 299 again? 
@OreStoneRadio i sooo agree! i signed up for this site, have 12 followers, but nobody ever talks with me.  how crazy is that?
I suck at twitter cause my friends have 400 followers and I have 80.   
gosh, i'm losing blog followers... 
@PatsyJ It's only going to get worse  - it's too easy to code bots that do it.  I've ditched around a third of followers so far 
@corvida @twitter I'm having a problem with followers not being added too... 
i lost some followers wats up wit that 
@hannahsilver it says i have 3 followers but wont let me see who it is!!! 
Doing follow-backs which I have come to dread. Used to be fun before I started getting 50 spam followers a day 
...ok so apparently I have 3 followers, but only two are showing up on my list, I'd like to know who my third is 
okey in my profile says that i've got 11 followers , but when i click to see them , it only appear 4 
in 13 days I will switch over to my new username of AlamarCavada.  I hope my followers follow me.  Alamay will be no more.  
so I know the day isn't over yet but i didn't reach my goal of 100 followers  #followers
@normalbread  please follow your followers ... I missed the olive bread announcement 
@semipenguin You're better than me...  I rarely follow a new follower 
@ahecht25 clearly not true fans 
still only two followers potentially there is no fame here 
@zaibatsu it seems to work if you add on a profile page but not if you try add from your followers - been happening all day I'm afraid 
@jonaskevin argentinian fans love you too ! 
 how pathetic.. i have NO followers.. yet i still update this dam thing..
well that answered my last tweet.  none of my 100 followers care what im saying.  wonderful. 
Why are there some people in for followers list that I am unable to block? 
twitter would proli be so much more funnier if i had 30,000 followers and got 10,000 @'s everytime i tweeted instead of 6 or 7 
I have so many twitter followers I don't know who half of them are! 
I am obsessed with web design, here come the followers that searched out those words 
wants more followers 
@peterfacinelli when U need to get the 500k followers? it seems is going slow this thing  I'll ask for followers @ facebook and myspace
@wtcc you really don't reply to your fans.... 
I just lost a follower...how sad that i don';t even know who unloved me 
aww. i lost a follower. now i need 2 more to make 180. 
@DavidArchie .. u have like a near to one hundred thousand followers already.. that's too sad..  
Having a shitty birthday cause non of my followers has congratulated me.. -10000000 for all you guys 
@magnichic amen and u have way more followers then me..mine is sad  lol
oh sad - now i have almost 500 followers 
Sadly, I get offended when someone with thousands of followers unfollows me 
Man i wish i had 25 followers 
question: my followers are real? they keep disappearing 
just found out: all my followers are robots. 
@NickyMcB  I hope not. Probably caused by fans  I am good and yourself?
awww i lost a follower, that akes me sooo sad 
is saddened bc i have absolutely NO followers! 
i hate loosing Followers 
@_ChaceCrawford Your fans will have a new search on you if you do that.. 
@harrynesbitt yes it has but how do I stop it? it keeps saying join this site for 300 followers a day 
why can't i add more than 2001 followers?? i like to follow everyone back who follows me but now i can't get past that # 
I want people to follow me  it's hard when you have only 2 followers.
*waves* to any new followers... oh, wait - they're all just spam...  .. or are they?
Just received my first 3 followers ?! What's all that stuff about ? I don't get it 
Just lost a follower 
and of course, i'm still waiting for followers  
Hey should have known 3 followers = cam spam 
now that i have 70 followers, i can't make any jokes about having 69 of them 
@KrisWilliams81 geez i wish i had your followers.lol, mine don't even chat with me    you r the only person 1 to respond to me...lol
@dannymasterson Could be worse, could be be a D-backs fan 
@KrisWilliams81 geez i wish i had your followers.lol, mine don't even chat with me  you r the only person to respond to me.  your cool!
lost a follower 
@peterfacinelli i am so bummed out that u didn't get those 500k followers I &amp; everyone else tried so hard 
@JJhitz how come u don't reply my twits? cos it was said that u reply ur followers' twits..  
lost a follower. 
My #spymaster just spammed me with every one of my followers unfollowing me. What was that? I had a bunch, and now I can't #playspymaster 
I need some friends/followers 
@apllusk you were on my followers 4 twitter and it like went away. 
i lost a follower 
can't take part in the grassroutes quiz caus i dont have 30 followers 
ooo I know I'm behind... but 6 more followers till i hit 3-digits... hmmm i musn't be that interesting 
@katieeustace how the hell do u have 50 followers .. i only have 46  haha
@selenagomez respond to your fans more 
@shaundiviney you should go on later so your true fans can talk to you  (:
@peterfacinelli so on my itouch this morning... It said you had 500,427 followers. Couldn't screen shot it though. 
@kdaly100 out of curiosity tweet deck doesn't list following or followers and adding users to groups it doesn't list all users 
so i campaigned for my friend last night but looks like i need to campaign for myself tonight!! my followers have dropped from 260-257!! 
i only have 2 followers...must be a poor girl really 
how does archie get 100 followers everyday?? sheeeshh... 
wondering how to use twitter...and why i have 0 followers 
@peterfacinelli omg it crashed again!! I swear this morning at 9 u were at over 500 000 followers!!  dangg
@robsessiondotca I just meant his numbers(as in his followers) no idea how to track trends 
97 followers-97 following. Why wouldn't that have been possible in 97 updates? 
Wants more followers! 
one of my followers just left me, my day could not be wrose! 
@oskeeintl what did I do wrong??? I don't have enuff followers? 
15 followers still need like 85 till 100...this is unfortunate. 
needs sum followers 
Suspicion confirmed.   It was a scam! and now I have 3 &quot;ghost&quot; followers 
I still need lots of followers to get out of twitter jail. 
who still has only 43 followers.    {no offense rachel}
@Globalhitsent I'm not that cool I could do with the followers.. I'm all for the million! 7 just ain't enough 
I do so much deleting of un-wanted followers that I now follow more then follow me  I dont like that
very tired, wish i had more followers fell unloved 
whats wrong with you!? why i have only 45 followers!! come on! i dont have fans!? 
In the studio mixing...wishing I had my 1200 followers from my other page 
@tommcfly you dont reply to many of ur followers tho do u   iv never had a reply ..... **hint hint**
hello i'm back! but still with 48 followers.  
@FormulaG2 nm just bored.. i need more followers 
needs more followers 
I was so happy because I had three followers.  Now I'm said because 2 of them were porn bots. 
I was so happy because I had three followers.  Now I'm sad because 2 of them were porn bots. 
man. i need followers. baddd 
Hey all my followers I don't feel good and not one soul said a thang ...  2 support sum one that support y'all I'm out of here
@laurareese All my followers are spammers.. 
in the lead with followers  wants 2 be outside at the bonfire with neighbors 
@mrcelebrity I think I've been following you for a bit!  now we're mutual followers, yay!
Really wishing I knew some peeps on here.  All I do is follow, no followers. 
wtf... one day its 101 followers, then the next its 99. 
ok so i have 24 followers WTF am i not that interesting? 
It's cool that I'm over 100 followers now... but it sucks that a lot of them are spammers... 
@cchristinab They don't care about their fans 
I am new to this twitter malarky .. Its alices fault ! I have a pitterfull amount of followers  cry ..
almost @ 1,000 followers ... but none of you ever speak   lol
I've lost 5 followers in one day  'is it something I said?'
@betafood But Tominio is supposed to be bitter and jaded and hate all his fans 
@tommcfly Aw you've reached 70000 followers. Not a good thing, now its impossible to get a reply from you. 
@jr_smith1 I thnk u need to change ur password u have that followers virus. 
@Astronautics how is your ratio of &quot;real&quot; followers to obviously spammy followers?  95% of my new followers are crap anyway 
all my followers are spam bots  lol
needs followers 
To all my followers that may have been, at first glance confused, @Honeygeorge is definitely a male and the moniker came from my business 
Would like a little reply from one of my followers 
has 35 followers ... wow , thats a little 
@devindaiquiri hey i only have 3 + 20 followers  that one stung a little bit.
i have like no followers  im officially a loner
I feel really bad about spamming  #trackle will you give me an iphone so my followers wont have to keep watching me beg you for one?
i have 275 followers &amp; no one hittin me up 
@tommcfly Do you not like your fab followers anymore?... You don't seem to reply to many people anymore  xxx
i need more followers and follow more people, where is everyone from here 
now we only have 3377 followers. im never gonna tweet again 
@MimiAbdo1 what the fak is up with this 100 followers crap on my twitter?? I'm being spammed 
@spam so i clicked on one of those followers site how do i make it stop 
i just hope he's not one of those lots that only cares about numbers of followers. that's lame. 
@jonasbrothers i wish i was out there.  at least once. To be in the crowd of fans
not really a fan of this 
Oh,, I lost a follower   
oh no, i lost 6 followers 
ohhh snap i lost 2 followers! 
@1CloudStrife stupid! You told your followers to follow people but not me 
@JaydeTennant well well i checked this homo stuff and it says that i dont have any new messages  yay i have 4 followers
I've lost a follower... (probably a spammer) Now 2 away from 10,000,000 
com'on people...follow @mileycentralnet please...I stiill need my followers back  @mileycentralnet @mileycentralnet @mileycentralnet
nr of followers decreases again 
i have a small number of follwers and I am not gov agent!  please I need more followers!
@popstarmagazine so, not a great fan 
@backstreetboys now to be a fan of you we have to be rich  so sad
bitches. i lost 2 followers 
become a follower if you're still hungover like me  we'll form a support group. and go for mcdonalds!! that would rock, you know it's true
here we go again twitter is going crazy again adding and deleting my followers and who im following again 
Just unfollowed a few folks... please do not spam me w/how to get 10,000 followers or how to make a million dollars! I'm not interested. 
court ruled against me. I can not file a restraining order against my twitter followers 
woah ! just lost  12 followers 
Clearly I've done something to offend my followers - I lost 4 of them overnight 
@silversurfing who is that dude in you picture???? and can you ask all you 99 followers to follow me! ( i have like on 2! 
I went from 101 followers to 98  I felt  important for a few hours
@itakepeektures i feel so sick of blocking followers every time! it really annoys me!  xx
Finally removed some of the &quot;make money spammers&quot; from my follow list and lost followers because of it 
wants more followers 
@nickjonas babbby will you ever respond to your loving fans ? 
@dewayne256 I am removing you from my follower list! 
My number of followers dropped from 71 to 69. 
Is in desprate need of followers!! 
Bens hogging all the fans  it is very warm out right now and its only 11 am.
thought I had 110 followers then realised that was my updates! gutted 
@chods70 holy cow batman... you have over 200 followers.  I'm not even at 150 yet   You rock!
for every 1 spammer i chase off i get 2 more grr...evil plan not working...worried i may end up losing real followers 
Ive lost a follower  lol
god, my followers are falling by the minute. what did i do wrongg  ahahaa.
...programming...no followers 
@AnthonyG47 it's nice! But twiiterific has themes u can choose this 1doesnt  but I can c my followers!;)
sorry new followers, twitter is not letting me follow you back. 
I jst lost a follower.... 
really wish i hadn't missed the last few talks  #aea09 ok regular followers, you can stop hating me for tweeting so much! haha
@conflagratio I know. This one was twice already in my follower list. Both wouldn't budge when blocked. 
@iAmNataleigh O hes fake alright! &amp; what makes me mad is this faker has over 13K followers! 
i have less followers than ppl i am following 
Thanks 20 followers. I would thank you all each and every one, but it's not working right now. It only tells me the number of followers 
@darrenmonroe  my friend...I see that 40,000 followers once more and we'll be parting ways.  
very sad that my follower has blocked me 
want more followers 
3 more followers to 100!! woo! uhmm i feel like a noob with 97 followers  &lt;--- lmfaoo who sayss noob??? oh wait. me. im such a loser.
 After turning my fan club into a religion, it lost two members.
Seriously? now I'm missing three followers.   On the briht side I have 6 anyway.  I feel loved!
can someone help me I am trying to see who is following me but I cant see anything when I click on Followers????????? 
wishes that he actually gets genuine followers instead of spam followers.. 
@BrodyJenner brodyy I see your writing to some fans! Never me though  sad...
@swiftkaratechop i just got my cieling fan and now ur scaring me 
Oh my goodness. I lost ANOTHER follower 
my followers dont talk to me and i've been unfollowed alot  well some of them do
idk even get why im posting these because i have NO followers at the moment 
needs more followers. how sad 
awwww i lost a follower 
@mikasantos i have a very small number of followers... 
I've lost three followers this morning, you all hate me, don't you 
NOTORIOUS!! i need more followers  i want to have 100 by friday!
@Qeabs noo...ada problem with twitter right now...so..they messed up the number of followers :\ so..no 1198 followers 
Why aren't my followers/what not appearing on my sidebar??  
ive lost a couple followers ~ didnt think i was that bad  hehe..........
@agingdragqueen I want a geeky fanbase 
been busy in work all day so haven't been able to tweet! lost 2 followers today  i'm stuck around the fifties in followers!
and from my last 2 tweets, im sorry if any of my you guys, my followers, is a miley fan. 
and from my last 2 tweets, im sorry if any of you guys my followers is a miley fan. 
im quite surprised that only one of my 280 followers gives a cr*p about cirvical cancer... 
los a follower  do you not like me lmao
apparently Ive lost quite a few followers 
@realbrookewhite wow! international fans? that would be cool! how i wish i could go there too. 
Why aren't my followers/what not appearing on my sidebar??  
I really want to get my old faithfuls fixed...I miss them! 
i just lost a follower...lame 
@guykawasaki congrats on 100,000 followers. Wow almost 4 times of what I have 
Thanks to my new followers! 
@demib hopefully they are just followers rather than stalkers 
btw... hey new followers 
I feel sorry for my 64 followers, cause my posts probably take up their entire page 
cool, I've got more followers! people are interested.....      
@shimonta for example I just spent 2hours cleaning: followings, followers   -- I want 2return follow humans  good people  -- i sleep now
also welcoming new followers! Don't be strangers 
ooh more followers 
im on 46 followers 
Thanks to my new followers! 
Followers up to 91, soon be over 100 
Thanks and welcome to all of my new followers 
200 followers - thx guys...   
wittering!! Yay - I have a follower 
@OfficialEmery sup favorite follower? 
@msbady oh...just checking on my songbird...i remember you  had like 88 followers no you almost at a stack...congrats 
thanks for 100 followers!! 
@marginatasnaily lol im gaining followers!!! going to walk the doggy, will b back later to continue this divine chat  x
Yay 400th update with 20 followers!! I'm trying tobeat @twilighter3201 she's one of my friends!  come on we can beat 41 only 21 left!!!!!!
woo-hoo! just noticed that I got to 1,000 followers, thanks everyone 
aw yay! @britneyspears got a million followers now too.  whose next? =o
talk? 232 followers! thank you so much&lt;3 Demii 
whoah followers.... ( the actual me  followers *cheesy grin*)
@thebleachworks another 1,000 followers could we get a 12 vid too?? pleeeeaaaassseee??? 
oh so its just me and my blabberings over here ? LOL...and i suppose that @[username] not needed now, i dont have any followers 
I want to say hello to my new followers!  If you didn't know I have a youtube channel also so feel free to check it out and subscribe! 
hi to all new followers 
one more follower 
@RobertHolik im looking forward to our future chats too, i actually talk with all of my followers, so feel free to connect 
Gaintnerd hits 1 million followers Who will be the 2 millionth? I mean 200th 
I would like to say hi to all of my new followers!!! 
@AlexAllTimeLow you're so good to your fans  can't wait til you come back on up to washingtonnn
ya'll talking 12,000 followers. 100+ would be a milestone for me  Thanks all my 93 followers!
Nearing the 200 follower count... Who is going to be my 200th follower? 
hello new followers 
@MussoMitchel you're so good to your fans! 
Hey to all my new followers, say hi if you want me to follow you back 
OOh got a follower although to be honest if I was you I'd get bored following me 
@aplusk hey ashton!!! congratz for the million followers ....awesome!!!  im one of them XD
@WollemiPine I am not!But yes I know its like spam if you ask me!;) But lets not hurt our followers 
woo hoo i have 5 followers  luv yas
Yes 62 followers  
@renailemay We're fans too  http://tinyurl.com/c63d74
heyaa (; how are you? mariah i am your biggest fan  x x x
Yay, up to 100 followers&gt; Thanks @amyderby (number 100) and everyone else who follows me   I will try to remain relatively interesting!
Eating fruit roll ups  Also, I would enjoy more followers on my tumblr. http://www.softoverratedwords.tumblr.com
i might only have one follower, but for that one single follower, I would do anything. thank you pretty blue 
atlast i'm online.  more followers. wohoo!
@sofisticat i want to get 1million followers and raise 500k at the same time  as i am kwl lol
2,000 followers - thanks all! Going to follow everyone back now 
@softball663 Hows it going?  I think the info I sent you will help you get more followers.  Not sure why you haven't used it?  
@happytoe Thanks! I feel all powerful now  i have to think of other things to order my followers ;) hehe
@gorskic loooool. Although what Welly said is true. Leafs fans are sure bitter. I wonder why? 
Now accepting applications for new followers!      ,    god im addicted.
hello #new followers 
@frenchiep welcome frenchie  now tell me, what do you think about brazilian fans?  ?
I love twitter! It can easily connect celebs and fans! 
@aplusk well done on getting all the followers  x
Only 10 more to reach 1300 Followers 
thanks to all my followers.  i love you all. 
@louiebaur I am delighted to have amused you either way!  I will tweet when one of my followers figures this out!
0 following. 0 followers. 0 updates...nice 
needs more followers 
Who are all these random new followers?! Really? I'm starting to feel paranoid... 
@followmetofame ,, so you just want loadsa followers?? i can do that 
NICE 1008 (my first plate number) followers...thank you and i am humbled by your follows 
20 followers! a good start! i hope it'll remains. 
All my followers #follow @saragarth &amp; @scottjpage.both need more followers.please help.both cool people and worth following. 
i got 41 followers in the 2-3 weeks i've been here...wow... not to bad! 
haha-  right now exact same number of following as followers, i feel very balanced right now hi all new follwers lol 
@karlkrumm Indeed. In an obvious assist in humility, 20 followers dropped me...so now I can look forward to 3000 again. 
@the_anke never mind it's the quality of your followers that counts 
Morning everyone; and thanks to my newest followers 
heyy. i dont have many followers so plz follow mee, 
just need one more follower 
@jessikasay congrats on the followers 
@jessikasays congrats on the followers 
@carianneccc whatever! who is going to read this besides our random followers! we are not the celebs....well not yet 
I apologise to my followers for being a rather.. not a good girl 
Thanks to all my new followers 
@kyleandjackieo Do you reckon you guys could play it again for those fans who missed it ? We'd be eternally grateful 
@teamsoteria I followed her, hopefully she'll reach her milestone soon, I look forward to having that many followers as well! 
@monstrocity  u can organise ur followers, put them into groups. making it easy to prioritize  and u can upload pics, advertise!
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3pgw7 - so manny fans 
oh, i got followers! awesome 
even if i had a million followers i would reply to every single one....i can handle 15..i can handle a million 
Shoutout to me for exceeding my rate limit &amp;&amp; still gaining five followers. I love y'all. 
@chrisabraham Congratulations on reaching over 7000 followers. You are much loved to have many who support and follow your tweets. 
hello to all my new followers. please introduce yourself.  happy weekend!
if i am to meet my goal i will have no followers by midnight  ~~~~ kidding ~ a joke --are we done? are we done yet?
Despite the urging of many dodger fans tonight...I am and will forever be...a cardinal fan. 
thanks to all my new followers I will shout u out tomorrow 
@mileycyrus do you really respond back to your fans??? just wondering 
@gotCJ A chance to show appreciation for the followers whose tweets you enjoy by introducing them to the twitter world. 
just woke up ;) good afternoon my beautiful followers 
has 5 followers :O i'm awesome  joke jokes, i'am NOT up my self 
morning to my 300 followers  thanks for being interested in my updates. more #happymaking will follow   www.happymaking4u.blogspot.com
35 followers thats so cool 
@cyberfelix i reckon its tied now. Ideally, i'd like to always have more followers than updates, but not the case right now. 
and buhjaysus i have 43 followers! thanks guys! 
A big hello to all my followers!  xxx
Just made it to 100 followers!! Thanks to all 
@LaurenDayMakeup we will make it happen diddy will have 1million followers! We are also trying to get @dawnrichard to 90k by monday 
Thanks to all followers  I love you &lt;3
wooo 12 followers!!!  thank youuu for following meee xxx
ooo yay me i just got 2 followers in the space of 30 seconds 
@ajinkyaforyou hav 399 followers ! complete 1 more n i will follow u n claim my 4th centuruyyy 
hey how are yu?i'm a big fan 
@danielradcliffe I have my first proper follower!  lol 
Working out how to use this... But have 2 followers and am following 20 people!  And they are all PackRat related.. LOL
@trinarockstarr but then again I'd be offened if you didn't shake mine. When I'm like your biggest fan.  
Awww, guys, thanks for following me! I just got like 3 followers! You guys rock! So why did you follow me anyways? Just wondering! 
Who can I bribe to be my follower ? 
yay 10 followers  thats the highest number i can count to
my 66th follower @RadioOne979! YEAY, the amount of my following equals with my followers 
i really think that I need more followers..  follow meeee 
I wanna give a big shout out too all my new followers thanks for join wonderful my world I hope u enjoy ur self lol 
@BeckyBuckwild call me, 949-683-1107. big fan 
@ellemarrie yessss ! I honestly like this better than twitterberry I can see profiles and the amount of followers I have its real cute 
565 followers old and new thanks for following 
@fanpireFTW dont worry hannah she/he is just jelious of you because you have so many followers 
I've just weeded out all the spammers from my followers list and so now, if you're still with me, it's because I want you to be 
YEY  I have 20 followers  *dancing my dance*
9o followers  thanks @schueppe_xD
http://rolothecat.wordpress.com has been updated for followers interested in his recovery 
i have 2 followers, could this get any more exciting 
still waiting for 30 followers, any helpers out there? please 
thanks for following me everyone, i have reached 100 followers 
65 followers? crazy talk 
@Ardentfrost sorry! we just like our fans to know that we're on here is all! 
haha yay! i got a follower! 
my laptop finally got fixed!!!!! i have only 2 followers so my # is 404-429-2465 
@boagworld  If it helps, I'm not a bot but a real bonafide fan and listener 
@mwtsnx with 16181 followers, what are the chances of replying back to my humble twit? 
I so have over 30 followers....this kicks ass! I'm popular 
goshh man 30 followers  i feel special! lol
@mrskutcher carsonjdaly is quite the popular one today, he has decided to follow his followers 
thanks for the new followers.  
Me and my sis are competing to see who has the most followers so please help me by following me thanks 
I think u guys should check out - twilight-fans - this fanfic http://www.fanfiction.net/s/4172080/1/ loooove it 
100 followers as of 13:30 may 4.  WOOOHOOO!! check out tweetlater.com for all your tweeting needs. seriously. 
@Silversmyth oh i know...my gf is my number 1 priority...i just want to make my followers happy to  you guys are why i tweet 
Wow 50 followers  norak amat yak gua
@mnoxon The fans have found you!! 
loves finding new followers  
Thanks to all my new followers! 
@kusuma06 aaa new follower! hiii 
@jdennes thank you, you are my first follower 
One new follower 
Before I get too distracted, I'd like to thank my new followers for taking the trouble to follow me! And to my others: feelin the love 
@Wossit look at your followers... your tweeps list will then be fully populated 
http://twitpic.com/4jkes - @edstetzer  Here's your follower count.  
is new to twitter and has no friends here... or should i say followers? 
@ConnieGreen  #powerblog What is this powerblog challenge you keep talking about?  I'm a newbie follower 
@esmebella Kk, I just had 888 followers like a minute ago 
Oh, as usual, I should warn my new followers that I tend to over-tweet during #canucks games. Apologies in advance. 
we broke 2,000 followers!! yay  We love you all &lt;3
@filos @elliottucker thanks for the r/t, I was hoping I had some *classy* followers 
@simplyjesslee she's hot     What is up w/ all the unknown followers? I've got quite a few- no clue as to why they're following ME.
im slowly losing followers one by one. 
so now that I have a whole 20 followers, 5 of them actual people, I don't know what to write in here anymore 
some of my new followers are pretty cool peeps; check 'em out. 
some of my new followers are pretty cool tweeps; check 'em out. 
I need one more follower. 
I like @catep36 already  (new follower to join in midst of zombies mayhem)
whoever gets @officialalyson_ and me to 400 will become one of my official followers and bff's 
@johncmayer what about your asian/indian followers! can't we get a shout out?  or are we just the minority of your gazillion followers...?
thanks for all new followers. 
@osha812 u pick random people from your followers and recommend them to your other followers to follow them 
woot i have 101 followers  thanks everyone!
To all my followers: You guys are rad  Thanks for following me 
@xnarx: Congrats, what's your secret?  @BarryJI  I am preparing for 300 followers!
@jm2012 haha dude i have 11 followers woot! 
500 followers! Thank you everyone!  
hey new followers aka the grown &amp; sexy fellow followers of SexySongz. welcome to my world http://tinyurl.com/l0v3bbc thank you &amp; g'night 
no offense to my melanin challenged followers 
thanks to the new followers 
+300 followers in 2 weeks...goosh 
@Christian0386 hope you got heaps of followers 
wow. @oliviamunn has more followers than mister @kevinpereira .. 
wants more followers! this is fun. lol 
*waves hello at new followers* - welcome to my little corner of twitterville. If you don't have your own cup of joy, one will be provided 
@youriastar you may use '@' icon to reply  and all your followers can read... maybe.
@tracyredshoes You can follow @god on here and speak directly to him  He has 18,695 followers...
@tiicklemepiink compliments from gorgeous fans always make me smile 
I shall give a  to my next follower
Just got my 1,000 follower ,  , I don't know who u are but let's screw
#netprophet | well 25 netprophet followers thus far... Lunch gone like hotcakes, no crumbs? 
hello to all my new followers  send me a msg and introduce yourself and maybe i will follow back 
needs more followers 
Thanks to my new followers! 
i hav touched a 100 followers! cant believe there are 100 people who find it worth their time to follow my tweets! i am humbled.  thank u!
@mmlinke1 @literaryhall Here cpmes ur 5ooth follower 
@DURHAMGIRLGEEKS I love you guys! I'm a fan already. 
i have gained 28 followers since last tuesday! 
I'm trying to reach 800 followers by morning! That would really cheer me up! 
wow i just noticed that i must got about 19 followers last night. this,or i cant count 
Night Everyone awesome show  And thanx new followers  60 followers! :0
@stephenfry WOW congrats on half a million followers! 
jusy signed up to twitter, to see what all this bullshit is about...  now.. for followers.....
28 followers    u guys rock 
@DaintyDoll bless you for trying to get me more followers 
@selleXXmarie yes i'm a huge fan  hbu?
Thankyou to all my latest followers the last few days 
good morning tweeple  yay new followers to follow back! hmmm the person who has the best emo jokes or the 1 who DMed me&quot;get5000followers&quot;
following back all my followers. =D note: if you're a company or a fake person =P it's less likely to happen! no offence... 
@mousebudden well there's no going back now, ur a degrassi fan 
@beckyhope they are no dita fans? hahah just kidding 
@brenda_song I'm one of those followers 
i'm sorry to all my followers with my #delongeday every minute  if anyone could join that would be lovely 
gained a follower  whoo!
I just went from 230 followers to 450 in like 20mins 
woohooo!!! 20 followers thanks guys   now where are yas????
@NjChadB I've 2500 Followers 
@YouQuotedQuotes woOt I was your 30,000 follower! 
@mcrfash1 same here, then all the mcr fans helped me! 
I need more followers  spread the word bout @rawswagger
@xxlucyappxx At 99 now, I see. One click away from your hundred followers 
#followfriday even though its sunday @wonkybonkers so she gets to 500 followers 
dropping by and saying hi to all my new followers  If you are German speaking and interested, I warmly invite you to visit my blogs!
hey broke 200 followers, thanks  hopefully i can have a convo w/ more than 5% of you
@JosephBTreaster 1,500 followers?  Congratulations. How the heck are you getting so many followers?  Are you giving cash away?  
i NEED these third eye blind tickets...don't know why i'm tweeting this since nearly 100% of my followers are from nyc. but help me out 
@keithkemp - That's definitely one strategy for increasing your followers!  
I had 17 followers now i have 14 please keep following me 
I want a stampede of followers! 
hello to my new followers.....let's talk. 
I wish 2 thank 60+ new followers, which I couldn't named em all via at personally, but would still like 2 say I appreciate the follows 
The fans on, my feetsies are inside the covers, yet I still won't be able to sleep. I love to sleep though. I'm nocturnall 
@daveg38 I don't want millions of followers to show off,but out of 349 only a handful speak so i'm having a big clear out today. 
To my new followers : Thanks  I shall start following you soon. Cheers!
@fhnixon you should follow me u only have like 14 plz i dont have any followers lol 
woah, i broke 200 followers! woo! enjoying this insipidness, loyal followers?  i'm on an adding spree lately myself.
@FashionGuru well have the rest of ya followers follow me 
@pixiedub Didn't know you were a fan too 
@RKTweets thought so but had to check ;-) good to have you as a follower 
hello @all new followers 
@Vikingfist you can retweet it to your followers  have them give a special tweet of thanks
@cullenblack16 I know I saw that, thanks  did you get more followers?
Just need 4 more followers to hit 100. Any takers? I'm very nice 
follow @jonas_bros_fans and @demi_lovat0_fan they are my other twitters 
So #MileyCyrus added me to her followers today! i'm sure its not really her but its still funny! 
has a new fan.   http://plurk.com/p/ujhg9
going to follow back everyone who follow me, so if I miss you, pls remind me, love and peace.141 followers now  thx! I'm honored 
Wow 12 followers in less than 30 mins! twittergetter rocks!  You should try it! --&gt; http://tweetergetter.com/binsoy1
@skyandnat you just tweet.....and hope you get followers... 
I am sure the artist would knock off 10% for fellow twitter followers 
@ladygaga thanks for following me back. it's nice to having you as my follower and i'm such a great fan of you 
more!!Followers 
@coonassdotcom it's nice to know I have fans ... 
@intelligensia You scared two of your followers away on your slippery slope! 
I have 49 followers wow. that's alright 
I now have more followers than followees..... sweet 
Taking weird pleasure in my following | followers | updates all being round figures... opps, not now! Details person maybe? 
#followfriday  @eastermoon   she takes great pictures and needs more followers. She's also a really nice person 
202 following, 202 followers, and now, 202 updates.  Does this linear progression mean i should update more or follow more? 
thanks to all my followers!! just hit 170!! woohoo!! 
here i go to 2000's followers thank you for all your support  is so hot have a look http://hopurl.com/63779
welcome @jmjavaux dans mes followers 
Watching Seven Pounds! ...lately i've been a fan of that redbox 
I have opened my padlock to make it easier for followers as it's #followfriday 
#shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundiviney #shaundivine @ponyy havent lost any followers yet  they love me!
the best number...182 followers! 
I currently have 487 followers...I wonder if your lovely #ff recommendations will get me to 500 
luv 2 my followers 
@joenoia You have tons of followers! 
22 followers away from 400 woohoo - thanks everyone 
I think I'm the only person on #followfriday that actually loses followers. How does that happen? 
62 followers ia del @followerdelfrac, gracias 
goodnight, followers  xo
When I get 10 followers I am going to buy my own domain!!!  And do 'adsense' lol!!!!
a big thanks to all of my new followers!!!  I appreciate every single 1 of you!  thank you all!!!!  &lt;3
I'm one follower away from 1,500  Not that it matters, but still, woo hoo! ;)
my follower counts seem to have come back to normal! what was nearly double at about 1880 approx is now back to 957! 
@SamuelJHextall yay im beating you in followers 
@HilzFuld You have 10 times as many followers as me and you're asking *me* for advice 
Reached the mark of 1400 followers 
lol, a moggy with over 500,000 followers  Cats are, as we all know, selfish and self-centered. Purrrfect to be celebs 
@taylormcfly lol. same. + you could get more followers  &amp; meet cool people lol (Y)
@BrightonArgusJo I'll be a fan of yours if you become a fan of mine  http://icanhaz.com/sussexlibfacebook
#followfriday @likemark get him to 300 followers 
Scanning my followers for #followfriday recommendations. You are all on notice. 
I've just got 50 followers...thanx to everyone who follows me 
@Angelateedah what can I say? I have a duty to my followers 
@artemisrex agreed, followers become friends 
@NicolasRoberge merci, I'm now a follower  
@canadanewsman FF is about taking time to thank your followers and also to recommend them to others, it's an act of kindness 
 getting more followers!!.. love twitter!!!!... i think is one of the best things ever invented 
@FPsEvilSide @gen22 LOL I just lost followers with that little lie!! *laughs* I don't wear granny bras you twitterers!! 
@brandon_morton I love you even though you have more followers than me. 
@ddlovato its nice to see that you actually interact with your followers! how nice 
3 followers away from 1700 followers.... whoever is my 1700th gets a free hug!!! 
@dpspears hi im a new follower of urs  good to meet u.
Congrattsss @iamdiddy for hitting 1,000,000 followers! I hope I can get a milli too 
I am getting lots of followers 
myfoot is freezing. I need sleep. thanks to my followers  I feel so special :p
I have a hot new follower 
PS. i LOVE my followers  xoxo, Z
Hey, all of my followers: I appreciate you!  Even if I don't follow back, if you @-reply me there's a good chance I'll follow off of that 
@stusi haha I know, cos they don't know who I am, hehe, but even though I haven't been updating as much it's still gaining followers 
I like follow Fridays,haha !! I hope I'll get some new followers,,haha 
999 followers. that looks kind of epic but i'm tempted to get to 1,000 
THANK YOU to all my followers!!!!!!!!!   you make my day!!  
wooo I have followers!... whatever that means... 
@richardcau12 lol, you're a magic fan?? boooooo! lol 
@teamseddie wow 52 followers! you might top me! haha..  thanks so much!!
41 followers  xxxxxxxxxx  thanks guys 
working late tonight, some of our followers will be receiving samples very soon. stay tuned. 
twit twit... long time.. Yay.. i hav 46 followers!!!!  
wondering how to use twitter... perhaps to display lyrics I find more excellent then usual? would all of you 4 followers like that ? 
Any new followers please say hello otherwise i wont be able to follow you back 
@pifferi hello, i see u r an fcb fan 
@vgtero no I've got a follower called that! You thought I was thinking of a client and then made it up?! You're working too hard 
