Most common words for this cluster:
[('food', 953), ('pizza', 211), ('soup', 189), ('chicken', 149), ('rice', 131), ('amp', 126), ('bacon', 117), ('sushi', 113), ('salad', 109), ('lol', 108), ('cheese', 107), ('bread', 101)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'veggie_chili', 0.7752684354782104), (u'Hash_browns', 0.7736702561378479), (u'crunchy_salty', 0.7723678946495056), (u'Sweet_potato_fries', 0.7628977298736572), (u'crispy_fries', 0.7598172426223755), (u'Rotisserie_chicken', 0.7596400380134583), (u'homemade_baked_beans', 0.7577723860740662), (u'Crab_Rangoon', 0.7575234174728394), (u'mash_potato', 0.756291925907135), (u'toasted_bagels', 0.7562285661697388)]





@CaitlinOConnor i want tacos and margarhitas  telll gay i say hello&lt;3
i might break down and eat some buffalo wings tomorrow 
is craving for some tantan nabe  http://plurk.com/p/mzxcs
@BATMANNN  i love chutney......
@lanaRISQUE hahahahhha!! hows your food poisening going? has it gone away? 
Not to self: licking off pudding from a seafood fork, not so enjoyable as slowly licking off of a spoon 
i burnt my tongue on miso soup today 
@_adriii OMGOSH, they're like biscuits, so so so yum. xD you haven't lived until you've eaten them missy :p &amp; i miss you too  x
@ashleyemma lucky devil! I'm dreaming of a crispy bacon sandwich, but no one, as yet, has volunteered to go get one 
as usual ... cooking what I hate 
pizza night and i feel too sick 
I have just really, really splattered the bowl 
im trying to make a chicken soup like my mothers,... but without a recipe.. this will be interesting... and i cant find matzah. 
@chrisgedrim You dissed my taste in music 
@bradiewebbstack haha damn you now i want jelly beans 
ate all the fruit tingles. 
washing the dishes  boohoo
man i shouldn't have put cheese on that crab salad sandwich... 
I need food 
@piginthepoke had other stuff to do after finishing in here last night, rather late to bed  With curry sauce, or mushy peas?
I just ate an uncooked pizza 
@distortthecode nope  its fine i will just eat plain rice or something. wow we really have no food in this house
@jackiedai i love carbs!! ...too much 
Why amen't I eating proper food? I feel ill now 
@MelissaMacchia no  but sometimes I like rice sticks.
@OttawaLawyers It was...a lamb 
Not feeling well today  I want chicken noodle soup and my bed...
ate too much oysters. BAAAAHHH. 
eating, eating, eating................. 
Out of pickles... 
I was almost tricked into eating pig snout and cow tripe. 
ate too many peanut butter sandwiches  
I feel sick  ate too much
Just had mac n cheese thrown at me!  I' m covered in fake cheese 
i'm just sitting here watching the soup... lonely. 
bendito nepoleon was not eating because his food was taken over by an army of ants  i took care of that.
Off to buy bread in a few mins, the house is literally empty of food  i think i ate it all.. lol
no more easter eggs left 
@matterlondon odd Q but, do you serve food in your establishment? I always get to 3am and get ravenously hungry but can never find food 
Apparently One is not to take a B12 pill without eating first lol 
getting up finally i hope i have something in the kitchen to eat i know i have no eggs =no pancakes! 
is wishing i was with my line sisters eating cinnamon rolls, eggs and bacon 
going toc if i can scrap up some food  there is no food in my house and i am absolutely starving !!! ((
@boreas26 I know I passed out when I get off sorry b  I'm eating real chicken yummmm
@davelikefire  my digestive system can't handle your mothers ridiculously spicy food. But it's so good lmao!
ew i just ate a piece of liver which i thought was normal meat 
TRying to eat some pasta..but not doing very well 
I'm making tacos for dinner.  Making tacos reminds me of taco dia..Which was bangin'.. And i'm sad they closed 
@sidonay not tonight  just having a bowl of cereal as the house is snack-free (
I miss being able to grill filets when I want one.  
@jackiepeters took my burger and the last bun. 
Looking a little like a lobster  (again)
finished the last of my easter eggs. now im eggless 
Aw, no second batch of sausage today:  the pork did not look or smell right, so it went into the trash. 
Ahh. I accidentally bought spicy chicken. Not a good idea when that's **all** your eating. 
They changed the recipe of the wings at billiards 
Grilling out....good food! At 6 it was 71, at 615, it's now 60  I was enjoying the warm wheather while it lasted...
I want ranch on my pizza  .
Wine: RossoFreddo (chilled red) w slice of peach, sangiovese blend during meal. Pics didn't work  Svago is now in my top 5, was amazing!
@Selasphorus I hated finding unagi on the red list in @montereybayaq's sushi buying guide. 
Home from work. So many shoplifters and crying mothers i had to deal with  my manager gave me her food though yay food!
Is never going to eat McDonalds again! They have ruined the humble junior burger with pepper  and now it tastes like crap
peanut sauce does not agree with me 
@tindling i had peoples. and awesome sandwiches things with emily and charlie. yumminess. no eggs though 
@pickles12 too latee  #asot400
I think its eating too much food rather than too much drink that's making me feel kinda icky right now.  
I think I ate some bad chips. I KNOW I ate chips but i think they were bad 
If you're new to twitter, be sure to change your pic. o_O just looks like spam to me. And I'm not a fan of the Spamburger w/ cheese 
@ashleeadams ok now I want pizza real bad  lol could so dig into a meat lovers right now!!
Should really go to bed now... but I'm hungry. I don't think I have any good quick snacks though 
I'm hungry  but there's no food here, so ill probably just sleep it off. Wahhh!!
i'm so tired...nedd food too  #asot400
@drunkenmonkey87 what tesco you in? I need hangover munchies 
i think i may have food posioning 
Only problem was lack of sauce The sauce is awesome, but not enough 
Why must it be so hard to choose a salad over a burger? 
Remaining easter eggs for breakfast- bad move 
missing the food from hong kong 
@witch96: yum! ~ fisherman's wharf... now, i'm craving for oysters... 
yuk chain came off the ride games covered in black grease 
slinging eggs again 
@daisyamy  u can eat pasta raw !! so its not the pasta, someone must be trying to poison you  xx haha
Just posted the steps to that bangin salsa recipe http://divascancook.blogspot.com/ I ate the whole bowl already 
starving but theres no good food here 
@JemPolitico me too, howeeer i think the fries and the midnight pizza did me in 
craving Paneraaaa! damnit why'd I quit....miss the free food 
I hate washing dishes 
can't understand why eggs sometimes induce my gag reflex. I made a lovely plate of scrambled eggs and can't finish them. 
I really hate eat too much 
the tomato soup part of the spaghettios doesnt taste as delicious as usual 
My mum made me eat pasta and garlic bread. Now feel very, very, very fat. I was doing so well 
wish i had some viet pork chop sandwiches instead of the dried chicken one 
@wuvie i wish that your drive could have been better.  But how was the cook-off?  sorry i couldn't make it 
restless and bored and the dishes are done now too 
This bowl of pho is not that good. 
 tried to make soup but my mommas tastes so much better... At least all the ingredients are cook properly this time
Eating lunch mmmm..... When life throws you lemons      Make lemonade!!! 
I had two hotdogs and some chips...I should have only had one hotdog....I need to start training myself. 
@icegirl818 that sounds amazing! on valentines day, i tried mac and cheese with crab and lobster meat...not so good. 
@livefromphilly that's pho'd up 
@ethansteele Do you have any mustard with you, I ran out. 
I cant make cupcakes cause there's no veg oil. fml. 
i want 7up and potato chips. owie my tummy. 
Why is it so difficult to prepare burgers in burger mania?  i always fail! diner dash is way easier and more fun to play. haha!
i want food, more more food! 
i think i killed the pumpkin soup 
just got back from grocery shopping with @favelle &amp; @DkW_2023 now im home alone  spaghetti bolagnse looks good for dinner mmm
All i can think of is a cup of  coffee, and a bacon, egg and brown sauce buttie 
note to wife: don't leave me home alone to cook dinner again... forgot there was stuff in the oven, and burnt my hand on frying pan  lol
wrapping web orders.  crap on TV.  finally run out of choc (easter eggs).  and wine 
Wants some junk food! 
sick from china foods 
no one knows how much i love pork roll egg and cheese on a bagel, but whyyyy can't i eat it? i feel so sick! dammit! 
With food 
@lilaznangel16 Actually, I have eggs, bread for toast and sausage links, but I don't wanna cook it  cn your mommy come down here and cook?
is having dinner, pork &amp; beans...  http://plurk.com/p/p6x64
Bleeding stopped...wow I pigged out on all that food, now I'm stuffed and I have no snacks for this afternoon 
I admit it I'm the biggest chicken alive  thought i could handle a little thriller
I need more food. 
back with a tuna sandwich and a fruit bar - this diet is killing me. theres cupcakes downstairs screaming &quot;eat me!&quot; 
@seananmcguire now I want rabbit barbecue, which is totally unavailable to me on this side of the state. 
@dianalogs and with real cheese.  but don't we need a membership for that?  
Oh great, food poisoning, my fave! 
I think i'm putting on weight again.  i need to stop eating so much random shit. Or just stop eating so much...
 have to do the dishes
it's 3h30am and i feel like getting some pasta, do i have food at home? noooo!! #foodfail i'm hungry!! 
@rezasalleh i want to eat prawns. 
@Jenreynolds25 OK. Now I'm hungry. There are no fries nearby though. 
Making garlic scalloped potatoes, too bad I don't have any decent meat to go with it. Sausages again 
just burnt my kettle corn 
I'm making some soup, and the onions are very strong and making me cry 
just ate a cadbury easter egg that tasted like plastic.. yuckkk! 
Anything I want? 2 burgers with 2 french fries but I cannot finish it 
ate too many jubes 
@zinkr for me it was sausage and egg sandwich, thanks to @k_griffiths I enjoyed it twice 
Off for marmite sandwiches as usual, only difference is that there will be no cigarette for desert 
I'm so hungry  there's no food in ths house!!!
no crunchy 
had too much spicy pasta &amp; my stomach's been angry @ me  aaaoouuwww
@coreymekell no food here... 
@NHsummergirl i'm jealous of your mac n' cheese. i want to make my own but i don't have a pan 
i want sushi 
Just ate waaay too much food 
trying to find somesang to eat in dis joint! went to the store and bought junk food, but i atez it all 
Ugh i am so hangry now  need food soon.
Just chillin... and feeling pretty lazy. I think it was the chinese food. No, it was the donut 
crawfish for lunch, steak/lobster tail/shrimp&amp;crab gumbo for dinner. it's a seafood themed anniversary! steak wasn't great though 
sitting around fighting binge urges.... so... much.... leftover pizza pizza...  queue anxiety
food poisoning. 
Is awake, but not so full of beans 
ate pizza and chicken wings. goodbye to my 5km run this morning. 
ewww... i feel sick... too much junk food 
I want sushi 
24 hours since I ate an egg salad sandwich and got food poisoning. 
waiting for food, me is hungryyyy 
@serlina you made me eat unnecessary calories 
@kimmiegibbler08 Have you got food on the brain?! :-p The board is being a d*ck 
We're at checkers drunk and straving. @TamraTwl want a bacon cheese burger chilli cheese dog AND hit wings!!! LOL and it's rainy 
cooked 4 chicken burrito's.... but i could only eat one.. 
Never drink half a gallon of acidic lemonade w/ out eating something solid. I feel so nauseous.  eat food ppl, it's good for you.
i'm gonna eat pancit canton instead of buko salad. my tummy might ache since eating buko isn't allowed when you'r hungry. 
full    I blame the ever delicious bacon quesadillas...
Having fruit n fibre but really want fry-up 
@ShaolinTiger i cant take beans 
i want more fries 
@zedenne @graeme_harrison @KateWoods thanks! opted for mince, eggs, onion, garlic, thyme and breadcrumbs - outcome 6/10 
@jasonyates oh...you....biyatch!!!   I had potato waffles n scrambled egg... big empty space where my swine rashers should be 
went to whataburger. friend told me he'd buy my meal if i stood on a table and sang. i did. manager called the cops. no food for me 
@pompeygal I'm just having soup 
i'm very sophisticated : when i eat food with chocolate bits i invariably drop, then sit on the bits...so i look like i've shat myself 
back from fleamkarket marathon - having baked eggs like at 'gitane' - acutally wish i was there now 
had too much food... ewww 
Up in pain due to the Italian food we ate last night...my entree was healthy, but even olive oil makes my pancreas angry. 
Up in pain due to the Italian food we threw up last night...my entree was healthy, but even olive oil makes my pancreas angry. 
just had yummy cheese toastie but realised have no more j2o 
Sitting in the sun while son eats coke bottle sweets. He hasn't offered me one yet 
We have no eggs 
Needless to say I don't have very much food in my fridge, it's sad really, but my freezer is stocked with frozen dinners. 
@skribe I used to make stews with slow cooker but must have been doing it wrong - the meats in stews always got too dry. 
and i seen neville who is now letting me call him sherbert instead of noodles. wow. i actually can't think of anything else good 
Moms made me get up early to wash the dishes! 
I need a scooby snack   I'm sure the new betablockers I'm on are giving me the munchies.
ate at wantabe, it was okay. had better korean food down the street in the ghetto. good times with the deacons. i feel bad for their dog. 
@jamiexgosh258 thaaanks jamie; now i want chinese food too!!!   &lt;-- that is me!
i miss the china man western foodstall at hollandv market  his veryverybellynice fried rice is muchly missed.
@kylebuddo I will be having pizza! I have to wait until I am allowed pizza  boo!
@herevilroyalty  Tempted to make some now. Not sure if I have eggs though 
@aplusk  we try too. home cooked food is def better thn fast food. bt depends on schedule  sometimes unhealthy food is more accessible.
@meredithmo It was awesome, until I found a hair lurking beneath my rasher of bacon 
just ordered chinese argued with the lady and now im worried about my food 
@CeFuego I know eating is somewhere in there...and it's always good food too  jerk!
@alexhung  You had a steak without me 
being a crab 
I just dropped a tray of food on myself 
@iPenginBrijhe thnx for input as always...im jealous i want free food 
had a great thai chicken pizza at @calpizzakitchen and loved seeing all my old co-workers i want a tiramisu now  or red velvet cake mmmmmm
I just ate 2 big macs with fries and soda !! I'm such a pig!!  ??  I miss home made food! Recently I've been eating a lot of junk food 
feel sick after eating too many sweets and that iced coffe yuckk  but 17 again was really good !
never make a spanish omlette without peas, it ruins it  
@grahamguy I couldn't have meat...and not sure on the egg or spinach either. 
Sausage wrapped with bacon, yummy. But not too good for throat 
is up, thinking what to do. So in halwa puri mood right now, but not going 
@briancknapp too bad the waitress gave me pork 
I made 3 huge potatoes, and only managed 1 1/2 of them  I guess I know what I'll be eating when I get hungry later.
@phantasea I don't like pork.  But I like ham and bacon.. though people aren't going nuts here.. yet. Much.
At seafood restaurant with family for lunch. I give  cause i don't really like seafood..
Wants a snack but is tired to get out of .    no snack for me
Ugh great, I think I've got food poisoning 
i want sushi 
@eviefae WUT? Yay for okonomiyaki, whatever that is. Why aren't you talking to me? 
ugh we have to settle for taco bell.  I wanted chronic tacos
I just had scrambled eggs... i feel sick 
just walked by marks&amp;spencers food n didn't get her beloved honey n oats flapjack  *poverty sucks*
I want seafood. 
is craving for tempura!  http://plurk.com/p/riayn
@jaskooner_s I can't go out till my food is delivered! 
@joshtastic1 got the chores to do *yawn* and food shopping....have no food! 
@iamkiara__ i just had roast lamb yummm.  i wish i got to be home alone 
@BlakeIRL chips wouldnt cut it.....i need a meal 
had a burger and loads of jellybabies for breakfast...but may chuck it all up again 
is stuggling to keep the eggs down. 
Lunch was pork cutlet with young green asparagus and boiled potatoes, hollandaise sauce, gf sure can cook , yummy, away for 4 days again 
My ham, egg, and cheese sandwich is made of sadness and fail. 
Just smashed my fish bowl 
Having a snack and then I should study some more. How boring. 
Has just lost her recording of a song she sang   oh well i'll do another one. chicken for dinna yumm!
i feel sick  i need proper food!
@LardUK i am a food masochist 
is going to try and eat a health, balanced breakfast. 
making turkey bacon, eggs w/ onions, and toast. i over-peppered my home fries 
@Karenknowsbest. I am so jealous. I wish I could eat rice 
@FranAspiemom huge disaster in house today, b/f unlocked cabinets &amp; fridge last night, kids up b4 us &amp; food, juice, soda everywhere! 
@DeniseDMG I know. There goes leftovers 4 me. 
@Shinybiscuit  They look like potatoes in prison
I need sushi  and yaaaa
Sometimes I think my fish is trying to kill himself. That makes me really sad 
 ramen noodles on a plate day because no bowls are clean
I left an arepa unattended over the grill and half of it got burned... this is not what I had in mind for breakfast  
i'm sick  will someone bring me soup and cuddles? what awful timing
@meinj curry????? *whimper* 
right now i'm so bored because i can't go to the teather because of that stupid pork virus!!!    xD
got lemon meringue pies done..no jam this weekend  but am making curried ketchup for pigs in a blanket...sundays are my experiment days
@carolyngalvante I'm not that big of a sushi fan so I don't get to take advantage of it. 
i just ate so much junk food! now i feel bad with myself 
@halpyros I found the perfect fries! Ivanlian can vouch for me, it's on hcmc 
@davidarchie did you hear about cooks brother? 
I'm slurping chicken broth for a hard-to-break chest cold.  
@arengh its even gonna be skewered with some excellent veggie tables and quinoa on the side.  Its not khorovats though 
My fish died. 
I want a snack 
sadly missed pork slope pork-off today. *almost* don't want to read recaps. 
@angdesigns: saw those vintage ads- that bacon one is creepy 
@mroesch no cod 4 u 
Is having Korean with @dangsdunks. Where is our food? 
UGH! where is the pizza i ordered!!! 
waaay too much mexican food 
@TaylorAndie  i ran out of bread so i have all this cheese BUT no grilled cheese!!
@Rellacafa ...and it was really quite nice, the denser bread offset the cardboard filling. But now, only white - the balance is all wrong 
I want sushi! I want mr chows! I want bennihanas! I want pf changs!  craaaaavvvvinggggg.... 
 @kvetchingeditor's kashrut convo makes me want to keep more kosher but my roomies catholic &amp; he has a pork loin in the fridge #kosherFAIL
@urbansmiler I love endorphins too.  I feel sad when they're caught in tuna fishing nets.  
going grocery shopping in the morning, I need to think of some yummy cheap meal ideas fast. i hate being broke 
i overmicrowaved my pita break  it is oddly chewy
@kellymariedunn  I wanted some tacos..
It is really hard to judge if you are burning pumpernickle bread when you are toasting it untill it is too late 
I ate 6 rice cakes today...  i'm a fatty
no more french fries 
@brittyhaynes mmm I bet homemade hummus is tasty! But bummer--at any store in eugene there are like 20 varieties of hummus! You have 0 
still wants some pizza. 
@cheftastic it's smells wonderful! It's probably too spicy for you, though 
@BonnieBix i am dying for pumpkin soup! but i dont cook 
@chopsuey2e homeboy, I'm allergic to peanuts. I would die! 
i have a craving for sushi 
eating hotdog covered in hot sauce isnt fun   HAHA
why did i have to eat that sweet bread 
caaake  but i still want pizza 
sushi groove 
is enjoying, toast, coffe &amp; eggs in the morning, but is not feeling to good 
@lozzz That sucks  I prescribe some tasty food, a bottle of wine, followed by chocolate or icecream (or both!!) and a chick flick
@Kazamataz buy a wheat bag from chemist and heat up in microwave...helps the muscles 
She didn't even eat all the bacon 
made all this chicken soup and I dun want none  I don't want nuffin.. I dun want food 
just woke up from a dream that I was at some food tasting event and ended up eatn something full of pork-ughhhh  now I can't go back 2 sle
and now i might have to make some comfort soup 
craving some fast food 
@hollowlegs we did pulled pork on the barbecue, was good but a bit too charred! No salad on bank holiday 
made toasties with that daft wee milk roll round bread you get and half fat plastic cheese slices, away to savour 
boo restlessness  i want pasta! ugh.
condolence to david cook. 
@simplicity19 I just made vegetarian stroganoff... It was pretty good, but still missed the beef 
Has the sniffles...It sucks being sick.. I want some chicken noodle soup &amp; some vicks vapo rub 
this is horrible... i have no self control when it comes to food 
I wish I could eat my mashed potatoes and chicken 
@zozoroom Its better but I'll be glad when its healed completely..every1 ate pork chops yesterday while I was eatin vegetable damn soup 
@poopiesanchez yes and now I'm love sick..I need alex noodle soup 
At a bbq i should totally eat but im not hungry   d says its cause i ate too much junk food... Probably!
I'm back and logged in.  Chinese food was disappointing.  
@nickwall0 I'm still waiting for my steak 
ughhhhh i have to get off soon :/ and do stupid dishes 
I just want cuddle time and chicken noodle soup 
awww not going swimming.   But I have sushi.
@lilithhecate  I think it was prompted by taco cabana no longer serving my favorite tortilla soup AND I don't like taco bell
i really hate food 
I REALLY hate cooking bacon. I jump back everytime i hear it pop. But by then It's too late, i'm already burned by the frying grease. 
this pasta is too dry 
The bacon vinaigrette I just made from scratch looks like vomit.  
@KarinaSparkman hey, i went on to whole foods' website and it said they weren't hiring  ?
Also means I don't feel especially justified in having a yummy snack 
@michaelmuhney i miss sherrif lamb 
i managed to last 6 months without having a chicken katsu curry. today was my downfall 
@kellyjayyy  I forgot angie! The ranch is gross but their aight they would be good  hangover food or like im too tired to taste food food
I lost the cooking competition.   the walnut ravioli beat my spanish paella waaaah!
@uberGruber I so wanted that! I ended up with beef stew 
the smell of roast food makes me feel really sick 
Trying to avoid going to asda...but theres no food in  I wonder how long I could live off take-away....
@SkrappyLH the soup was good.. but i couldnt eat it  i saved it tho to eat it later.
@hellokimmy eat lots of roti telur and prawn mee for me 
@MichelleZen mmm u had tilapia yummy! i also ate casper hotdogs and cheesecake factory for dinner....i need to get back in shape 
breakfast: meatloaf-scrambled egg-tuna w/ celery sandwich. Yuchk, n0t go0d.  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/svlqd
@yourethevoice everyone got egg and bacon sandwiches and I'm the forgotten one  I'm having some toast!
Ugh... I have food poisoning. 
Is at the park but has no bread for ducks and geese 
Craving for salmon sashimi so bad 
ok the sausages have frozen to the freezer, i just had to get a knife and chip away at the packaging. now i can't eat them for hours 
@hullgay it's a bit like a pumice stone you use on your feet, but the ad came on as i was eating my breakfast and put me off my food  
is aright now and just realised she brought the wrong steak 
i need food 
Writing out menus for my mum! I hate typing menus  !!
fat! ...I need to go on biggest looser! ...suffering post meat-fest, pork-knuckel, snitzel, bavarian sausages, pork belly  = sore belly 
@seanmurphy1981 jealous. i tried to make a sausage sarnie, but no bread and the sausages are really frozen 
just eaten sausage sarnies - now i feel sick again 
Yesterday was so bad.. I ate so much that I was abat 2 pop.. how can I eat somali food chinese.. and arab food.. and my belly now is hurt 
i have to do the dishes 
I HATE bananas sooo much, the smell, texture, taste BLAGH!! now have 2 make banana  sandwiches for the boys 
wonders why there is no domino pizza in perlis  http://plurk.com/p/swuf6
Is butter a carb????? 
My fish is in fish heaven now 
@rumoko can you come over and bring some food? 
Mothers day picnic... I had wanted to make broccoli cheese soup and buy mascara at sephora instead 
@mfhorne the salt police came and made them take some of it out, like food colouring in smarties it's another childhood fave ruined 
and make the gravy another way.  We'll see, I have the easiest, yummiest sausage gravy recipe, so it annoys me I can't eat it anymore 
Couldn't find chicken soup at any shop 
@lesliereuben arrgh...i don't like you! me want!  pepperoni..right?
ate a lot today in serendra. pork ribs? java rice? tempura? hmm.. what else? idk anymore 
@JUSINK  fourth meal?...i want fourth meal...im starving!...jersey isnt cool right now
I ate chinese food for dinner, which means I ate chicken and beef  I feel gross now, i want to cry... WAAAAHH!!!
@deanomeano It's not the pain. It's the six plates of amazingly tasty and wonderful Chinese food from my fave place in front of me. 
just had awesome Peruvian food w the fam, but now I reak like it ew 
ugh man, depressing day full of death and leaving.    escapism via movies and music.  and food.  food too. heh.
Brazillian food is great but I have icky cramps now 
wants some peanut butter rice crispy treats.. 
She really wants me to do those dishes. That's ridiculous. And now that the water's back on, I have no choice. 
@megtud but i dont eat kfc  save the chicken
Just got back from having sushi and chicken teriyaki with my momma. I can't believe I have to go to work tomorrow 
@djlissamonet I want the pasta u ordered  so hungry...
i'm hungry but i'm too lazy to get food. i'm such a sloth 
I am so effing hungry! I havent been able 2 eat solids since i pierced my tounge 
@mikejlee Didn't actually end up going   But the bbq was fun! We have too much leftover food...want some strawberries??
tummy hurts from too much homemade salsa 
@cheese_sammich i'm over that idea, i was going to rent all the other seasons but then i realised i have like $10 on my card 
@jonathanuniza I'm allergic to seafood.. But I lovvvve seafood!! 
@carlaflores heyyy! I was gonna make deviled eggs earlier... but then i got lazy and just ate boiled eggs  loll
i am eating ramen noodles for the first time ever in college... and it's the last night 
@jeremysball when are you coming back for more portabello mushroom burgers?? 
I wish I had some sushi       I'll have to make do with water
i want to have my beef with ginger and onion, but it's too late   i'll have it for brekkie instead...lol
im making baked potato for tea  after i do my dishes 
ribena just doesnt taste as good as i remember 
Oh no, cooking wild duck casserole, just smelt that burning smell that means I haven't been watching  
I hate doing dishes after pasta bake night 
ahh some tofu with lindsay... and now cuddlin with my potato baby... too bad that $126 late rent fee is sitting over my shoulder 
@Jakermeister *yum* you like banana and peanut butter sandwiches too ...damn I'm out of bananas 
@TrashcanPatrol i have saltines... i'd rather have some iceberg lettuce though 
written like 5 pages of summarys of junk i dont no about for food tech. Only doing this for the exams to come 
@LukesBeard pork pies are my weakness 
Digging into a bowl of fruit salad which i made the other day.. errr have to finish this else it will be wasted.. salad anyone? 
@Redhotknickers Same thing happens to bagels 
@rubiety it was just far too much food period, even it there had been no spice I couldn't have 
talking bout pizza. just make me want to eat pizza 
@diablocody Stunny carb-cradle achievement. but also radical prolife antigay pasta fundraiser. 
is going to do a spot of shopping this lunchtime - then will have tomato soup for lunch - oh the joys of drastic dieting! 
Smells like bacon in here. I already ate but it's making me hungry... For bacon. 
can't wait to have some real food 
I want food. 
@jack_arkham beef hotdogs 
@eddyizm dude, a 12-inch pizza kicked my ass tonight--i couldn't finish it my stomach shrunk so much!  #food #fail
is so poor she's eating beans without toast 
*sigh*i settled for shrimp tempura  wanted grilled dogs with extra ketchup and a little stewed cabbage...oh well, memorial day is coming
too many potato chips 
cobb salad....yummy i guess i really wanted spinach and bacon salad. 
A toasted chicken and cheese sandwhich. But we were running out of cheese so there isn't a lot of cheese on it... 
I just ate a cheeseburger and am now going to bed. I never eat cheeseburgers. No more google searches for me. And also hello stomachache. 
@Waytrick im sorry patty 
scrubing my floor just droped a whole bowl of ramen noodles on my floor  ugh
ate too much  why is food so good!?
I'm hungry and I want to eat my leftover chicken alfredo, but I think it's too late and I'm too tired. 
Bad food 
just made red beans and rice, wish i had some corn bread 
says no food yet.  me hungry. [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/uad1a
hungry. was going to have burritos... but the lettuce went all brown and gooey. now what?  .. kebab?
Craving for sushi! 
So now I'm eating a pickle....Its just not the same. 
@ryanlmao caesar salad?  u made me want some now
never eating battery farmed chicken again and now feel guilty about the chicken drumsticks i had for dinner 
depresseddddddd ((( eatin strawberry dibs  i hate emotional eating
I really wanted icecream for breakfast, but we have no room in the freezer 
Preparing food for a 'wet' picnic 
Seriously, ew. Finally figured out what had recently started to smell occasionally like vaguely rotten eggs. It was, in fact, rotten eggs 
no microwave=no porridge  ... toast it is then!
@dobbyisnotdead You always have better food than me, I have coco pops in a mug 
I really need some food, but it's raining out  what to do!?
@pixelburner thank you! There were so many shops selling nice thai foods but I couldn't have any because of my prawn allergy 
Why am I feeling disgusted by food? I tried to eat but ewww 
food poisoning 
damn... i wish we had food 
feel like junk food 
Washing the rice is the worst part of making sushi rice. 
@carrotmadman6 A briyani is better than lalo frir and lentil and a salad sardin with chilli like zariko 
also eating some delicious bread &amp; camembert - although it's pasteurised     [no comments from @blogtillyoudrop allowed]
He just told me he doesn't like my tuna sandwich because I didn't make it like teacher does. WoW 
My dinner isnt as nice as I thought it would be.  so have covered it in soy sauce in the hope of improving the flavor...
@koriannespeaks feel better soon &lt;3  and i have no food to share with you, sorry 
When I try to make myself eat protein when I want strawberries I end up feeding my food to the dogs and not eating!  
cans of dog food are sharp when you open them...i cut my finger and it hurts 
I am very sick and could use some chicken noodle 
I'm having sushi withdrawals. someone buy me a spicy crab roll 
I want a breaded soup bowl from dominoes. But we have none around here 
Just made rice krispie cakes after studying 
@valensarahi21 where my pizza hut at 
@ispyangie me 2, thinking between a wrap or sandwich but don't find of what 
made a tasty soup to make me feel better. It did, then I ate too much and now have tummy ache 
@rmichaelthomas I shoulda did that myself. How are you going to have a omelette station and hardly have any ingredients? 
@sakurajewellery i know  I only have them because they are easy to gauge calorie/fat intake.
R.I.P bong bowl 
domino's doesn't deliver to my house  no bread bowl pasta. weep.
cravin some authentic messycan food.. 
now i feel fat  i just ate chips instead of a mandarin 
wants to cook pasta before she goes... but... nnngh... time...   I'll just raid the vending machines downstairs.
@cabbiepat croissant and bread rolls  No bacon, no eggs, no sausages 
my HCT pita wrap toastie melted to the paper  Pooo!!
@BrianLopes just made me have a unbearable craving for sushi. 
I miss the two david. archuleta and cook! HUHU  i miss them soooo baaad!
hungry for some peanut butter m&amp;ms 
i wanna eat.  no food available here except for spaghetti. ugh.
after 30 mins. of my pizza in the oven, i realized the oven wasn't even on and on top of that my pizza got burnt  FAIL
@fartingpen damn that sounds tasty...where do you get the tiger meat from ...i've never seen at the whole foods here 
@MarkRCameron haha  he has really bad taste in music!
Does not recommend lean cuisine's chicken pecan... Not very good 
thinking i need to do the dishes 
cannot face another bowl of Special K! 
pumpkin soup and I am at the start of a wheat free week 
tofu too healthy... searching through the cupboards for dirty food.. finding nothing 
Today was supposed to be the start of healthy eating but I've already scoffed spaghetti and meatballs for breakfast  
washing the dishes 
My porridge just exploded in the microwave 
i finished my rice and my chicken (not the veggies tho) and my maid still thinks i should eat more. 
Why put fruit in currys and savoury sauces!!! Its just wrong. I have to take pineapple out of my duck meal 
@eightynine25 i go there everyday after review. eat eat eat eat. not nice  but i can't help it
I gag too much, my dog coughed up some bread and it was soggy and shit and I couldn't eat lunch  pathetic.
why hasn't stephen fry replyed to me 
@himynameisivy potato and bacon chowder. i've cooked it before, but made a big blunder this time around. 
Eating the lowest fat soup that I could find - appears it's also low in taste 
accidentally put too much salt in her eggs. It poured out!! 
Really need to do dishes...really don't want to 
stupid cow in tesco forgot to ring up my chicken. salad sammich for lunch is not the one 
I want creamcheese and bacon stuffed chicken..  
i was going to fry chips then realized i dont have cooking oil ughhhh 
is making some grits, eggs and toast for breakfast and might go back to sleep after I watch tv for a while. I am still so tired 
Lessons I've learnt this lunchtime: yoghurt is quite tricky to eat with a fork 
I had a sausage egg biscuit from mcdonalds. I haven't done my outside patrol yet. 
realized the ratio of film to food in my fridge is moving in the wrong direction  must correct that immediately!
I have no snacks 
@djimpact awww  feel better and eat soup
@hideawaypizza you don't have broccoli!? i can't make a pizza with no artichoke hearts and broccoli 
stomach growling. would give anything to be able to open mouth wide and chomp down on a burger, or pizza, or even rice! 
Cheerios, not quite the sandwich I wanted 
@247cantbstopped you could have called me early and we could have had egg white omeletes!!! 
I am most upset that I ate all the potato waffles...there are none left....a tragedy 
My son is such a breakfast moocher, no matter what he gets mine always looks better. Unfortunately this doesn't work with vegetables. 
i miss my sushi so much 
i feel so fat, i ate subway then a bag of honey soy and chicken big paket of chips and a pizza 
I want food 
@sume_kosher too bad I can't see it 
lost a week's worth of food photo, fuck.  goodbye, mushroom burgers and cilantro rice!
Wish people wouldnt eat bacon rolls on the train in the morning when I havnt had breakfast 
Just finish washin my car..so tired!!wish I can eat chicken wit chilli sauce 
done with food shopping now off to ikea 
i think i have food poisoning. 
I has burnt chips 
worst pasta ever. never said that before, which is really depressing. couldn't finish it. never said that before either. now I feel sick 
@claudiachaouka1 keep up the rice and toast, and the fluids 
@mmagirls I wish I could make myself try sushi. I'll probably hate it but I'd like to know. I'm a pussy when it comes to trying new food. 
@cakesofamy my grandma's lactose intolerant.. it's getting food in restaurants thats the hard part. 
@natsecular wonton soup!!!! pleeaasseee 
Something on this plate has chilli  **picking suspiciously at food**
getting frustrated again from having to work with spaghetti code 
It's useless trying to study with the pot noodle song stuck in your head...I love making pot noodle, more fun than throwing a poodle..  
yummy bacon sandwich, wicked way to wake up. working at 4pm, how utterly stupid. I hate morrisons    X
just ate her last easter egg 
doing dishes 
@HayleyOats Too late, the bacon sandwich has been consumed... and I feel bad. 
stuffing myself...i soooo miss chicken... 
@koriannespeaks peanut butter sandwich? 
@LungiZuma it had a cheese salad dressing  but u should see me, am huge its disgusting now..
There is nothing in my house for lunch... it looks like it's peanut butter sandwiches and crunchy nut- but i had that for breakfast 
@FONEJACKER12009 awww i gots no food  need to go shopping. mmm orange juice! just get back into bed be lazy haha
@lenav09 i want dimsum 
there's no food in the fridge as usual. there's literally only butter. i guess the concept of eating to stay alive has eluded my parents. 
no more carbs after midnite  
ouch i injured myself on a baguette 
is amazed at how unfull she feels after her ham salad box 
stuff from lunch! ants fault, made me eat all ma food  LOL i was full after having half my fries D: went to mcdonalds btw
I have been properly poorly with a stomach bug ... no cheese or spicy food for me 
@askheyshiv eggs suck mate 
just had bacon and eggs! yummmm!!! ohh i have to work at 4 now!  xxx
@juliefacex I have NO idea...scary. I'm eating lunch...do you know why M&amp;S cut out the middle of teh cucumber in their salads? 
Feeling really guilty bout the 2nd blt at dinner. It was only 25cal turkey bacon on 45 cal wheat bread.  Not all bad but still not needed
Going downstairs to the deli to get a ham/egg/cheese croissaint..FAIL! After all the working out this week! 
They gave me the wrong bfast sandwich! So not happy 
Bones my kitten ate a whole pot of garlic butter last night - his breath is still raucous 
My food is gone 
great doo, food is posh portions 
Never going to learn all the items on the menu 
it's a torture to know that there's durians in my fridge but yet i can't savour it. 
NEVER EVER eat a whole pizza then do sit ups! 
 almost done with my dark roast with double espresso....need more....zooooooooom #imjustsayin
went to cafe at my job for breakfast, in error i walked out with fake eggs,  fake pork sausage, and pan cakes and sugar free syrup , 
has just made the worlds worst sausage butty ever 
Last lox and cream cheese in the city  leaving in about an hour for the airport.
Looks like salsa water for lunch. Not again!  http://yfrog.com/7g2lbj
@geekyMary I've had my sushi ruined by uninvited wasabi - is that kind of like what's happened with your poor lunch? 
uhhhggg, im so torn 4 lunch right now. i want somethin healthy but i am def craving a burger.  must resist the temptation &amp; get a salad
@israeliwine we made a lamb maqluba .. . a lamb leg with eggplants, cauliflower, tomatoes, onions, spices and rice. mmm as for wine- 
Is sad cuz they got to the food first 
I wanted orange chicken too! 
@treblemyclef she never lets me eat her taco 
i'm hungry, we have no food whatsoever in the houseeee 
I want spicy noodles 
@khsieh I had the regular mochi. I just felt like it didn't contrast enough in taste or texture to be a good topping. 
@Ieatstuff my felly looks like that now with or without food 
watching food network and myspacing wishing a chef would make me some mexically foodizzle. mehhh 
@zombietwitch hahaha No  the food was made only for the judges to sample. i ate the normal food made by other inmates; not too bad la.
sandwich needs avacado and ham 
famished. no food here 
They didnt know it was my food... Bitches! I cooked it!... Now im starving. 
I want the meaty sausage 
damn, just dropped food in my hardcover copy of breaking dawn.  salad dressing splotches for life.
I'm thinking about eating a blueberry bagel with cream cheese.Now I just have to get off twitter &amp; walk downstairs to the kitchen. 
@huggerfood i feel the same way, really glad that i can't have most available junk foods. angel food cake was my cake of choice though 
homesick. want roti canai with hot hot hot fish curry. 
why are peaches furry? its a little bit like eating a carpet... 
looking for some food 
I'd feel really great about my walk, if I didn't eat pizza after and ruin it 
no food on the table. 
I ordered a turkey burger from Islands but I think they gave me veggie.  I don't like turkey burgers but I'm trying so hard to eat better.
@hayleyjfoster not baked beans 
now i know why i dont like taco bell 
Pretty sure I have food poisoning 
i get my writing mojo from potato chips. i swear eating potato chips works like a charm. i wish they didn't contain loads of calories. 
@mrskutcher - when I worked at Taeget I was saddened by the amount of food that was thrown away. 
@reinventingjess I defrosted some shrimp and threw it in with my garlic roasted tomato and mushroom pasta w/o tasting them first. 
i wany hot chippies  @prestonwilliam
Saying more than the actual doing. I'm looking for food.. 
Now I feel icky.....  (not because of the burrito. It was good)
i need food to energy up!! where's my kfc 
i fail at fried chicken. the breading always comes off 
@lcharliep3l lol i had salad for dinner. it gave me badbad onion breath for choir  no onion for next time.
this kfc burger is making me feel sick, the bacon isn't cooked and the meat tastes ewwey  considering I work there I'm not surprised..
bec vs fat food   --- winner = fat food  but not this weeknend, ill beat it!
@lenje - Still a pity it comes with no lamb though 
@koifusionpdx i was so close to the tacos...one spot too late 
comfort food of the day: pan mee. though, it didnt taste any good.. 
Rejecting all food substances. 
@GQbound I didn't end up really eating  had more snacks. sigh
Wondering how come mcdonalds take so long to deliver my food. 
@mrskutcher  Where I live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me 
has had the flu pass unto me by andy...went shopping and got fresh chicken for chicken soup...but no d&amp;d this sat ...is a sad panda 
#thingsmummysaid You need to learn to wash dishes and do laundry because I won't always be here to do them for you. She was right 
I'm such a chicken 
food...food...FOOD! 
is jealous of his family  their all having an amazing breakfast and all i get is rice crispies
All of a sudden I'm craving broccoli and cheese soup really bad...  oh the hunger
All of a sudden I'm craving broccoli and cheese soup really bad... my mouth is watering envisioning a bread bowl in my head... 
Aww I heard I just missed you two @logieo &amp; @egg104 ! 
At millys having some yummy asian food! Haha. And listening to let go, such a sad song 
my littelist fish, udon, is dearly departed 
no food since woke up. 
I suddenly want Chinese food in the worst way.  Not really a great on-the-run food and I packed a sandwich for lunch anyway.   
@RolliePollie32 I ate some hot food 
@DJClicheDarknes I haven't had a good homemade flour tortilla in ages. 
is enjoying a yummy salad, but missing her avocado  that's what happens when your husband does the grocery shop.
I wish I could get sushi delivered to work 
is still craving for a cheeseburger. 
I have to start eating healthy 
fact is i am a bad cook, those ships weren't cooked, and neither is this chicken 
yeah one burrito did not taste like the other, there was no avocado ranch sauce 
mcfonalds roulette i i lose. they forgot mygrilled snack wrap 
Fish fingers and potato croquettes it is then! Would love some baked beans, but they tend to hurt me. 
In the mood for shrimp scampi but I don't have vermouth. 
Note to self: Omelets are better when made with butter, not olive oil.  Also, @laurendanyelle doesn't like my cooking *spits in a napkin* 
I ruined my lunch by eating half a bag of cheddar popcorn....now I feel sick. 
@xbooernsx I am so jealous. I want a free hamburger 
i hella wanted a sausage mcmuffin but when i gt there breakfast was over 
My tomato soup tastes like red peppers 
Doing dishes...i miss my kitchen team 
@marebear521 did u try taco n mac n cheese pizza???? I'm so cravin it right now BUT all the good food makes me sick 
ninja sushi for lunch but dominicks was out of sour gummy worms 
So tired &amp; ready for bed!! Really in the mood for salt &amp; pepper chicken wings &amp; noodles but have no money on me for a Chinese! 
@MikeyUnderwood so no rice or crusty bread with the chili .... aawww 
@deeliciouz Even without the dressing they're still over 500 calories. I love that flatbread. 
I want some cheese fries from fontanas. 
@tahninial nothing, they make it up, last time i checked a jar of curry sauce there was no pepper inside, i was disappointed 
fine, ill get myself some miso soup down the street 
I am so hungry! And there is no food for me to steal 
@davidjosman, a 74 is not &quot;quite alright&quot;!  on the plus side, I ate cinnamin toast crunch for breakfast, and am now eating strawberries.
I don't feel so good after eating all that food  ugh.
watching a boring police prog after making a fab pasta dinner, trying to cut down on alcohol so only had water 
I've come to the conclusion that lemongrass chicken tastes like lysol -  so much for lunch!
@brookeburke i found out that there's sushi with fake crab meat and it's not good for you 
My belly is speaking to me! I need food! 
shit got to go do the grocery.. I almost got no more food  snif snif...
@StephWBates  if i was closer i would deliver grub to you! 
I'm at mcdonalds eating chicken nuggets with my kid so embarrased I droped my soda  haha it fell out of my tray lol
my deep fry drumsticks were not as good as i thought they would be 
@anitawebster the pho broth is a concentrated mix of pork and beef bones...so I think you've missed the point. 
@lizzerdrix I hate cottage cheese.  I even got some fancy stuff last weekend with lemon and berries...I could only eat half of it.
@ShawnDotB me to mi sausage 
So sad they discontinued my sesame tofu salad at trader joes 
put a pot of eggs on the stove to boil..and forgot about them..then remembered them 45 min later! wonder if they'll still b good 
@oyfreakinvey u can eat sashimi!!! just not rice 
@laurenbernal MAKE ME ONE! I'm still craving shrimp 
At shakas againn. No 2 dollar salads here 
@toriigwyn i want chinese food really baaad. 
I have turned into a fast food whore 
feels really sick after eating some form of chicken. Why do restaurants make their grilled chicken sooo greasy 
All the food in my house has sugar ants in it 
I sooooo miss Chinese takeout!  
Definitely need to work out after this business trip- too much free food and alcohol. I'm sure I've gained a few pounds. 
eating chicken noodle soup...... its one of those days 
chili cheese fries a bad idea for lunch..   
I want tuna &amp; salmon sashimi, B.C. rolls and dragon eye. 
i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home. 
@newbouldm I love sausage too  #kitchenfire
@AyeBloodyRight no i mean 2moz. I'm workin' 7-1 in a bakers then 6-4 later in a pub 
enchiladas weren't as good as I thought they would be     now I know why I don't eat mexican
@Candypants2 we did! They came out cold  The cheese sauce was good, though.
@alex_navarro I wish this area offered chinese food delivery 
had to rumage around topless in the freezer to find something to eat, all I found was a suspect pizza 
taking a break from sewing to do some dishes 
I have nacho chips...but no cheese. 
@pandamachinne and i have cheese and no chips. 
Bout to hit pmark then make one of my final meals wit the housemates.. 
@ a_mccallie WOW... I am replaced already??? I thought I am coming back with my steaks 
@a_mccallie  I am replaced already??? I thought I was coming back with my steaks 
@mrskutcher I worked in food service and they told me it is cheaper to throw it than to give it i.e. to public kitchen cause of liability 
As much as I like being thin, I do sometimes wish that my meds didn't make eating such a chore for me. I very rarely enjoy food 
i want my burrito 
gah! im starving! no tortillas for quesadillas &amp; moldy bread. no sandwich either  special k it is!  lame
just ate a sausage roll, that wasnt the greatest  and drank a hot choccie which was very yummy
neeeed food 
I love you loaded potato soup! Why do you hate me? 
chillin right now..finna eat a salad....i hate diets 
my craving for spaghetti with lobster is now overwhelming. 
car died  *his bun bun*
Awww i wanted to go to hawaii with her. But stupid graduation  eating bomb chinese food.
there was a hair in my cheese toast sandwich 
My fish died... 
I'm sleepy but really want some fries 
I love bacon...just hate cooking it  dayim poppin grease!
I need my twin to come take care of me and bring some chicken noodles soup 
A shelf in the fridge collapsed spilling salad dressing all over the inside. 
why does it have to start pouring down when I need to go buy bread 
No tap &amp; I only had 1 slice of pizza to eat for dinner  my stomach is growling uggggh
@danalalevee glad you just nearly crapped...too bad mboro isn't cool enough to have them or whole foods. 
wants a hotdog or pizza from S&amp;R! 
@janey79 no bread.  french style beans, though!
@Mezzie1221 me either. i had a dream that me and you were at school alone and we made soup and you slapped my phone into my soup. 
sad my meateating contributes to global warming which I know but I love meat. I just wish I could raise my own meat on grass healthily 
I want french fries 
Is finding it hard to study/work without snacking... need brain food! (in the form of chocolate).... 
@chchchinatown @matertenebrarum none of the ones around usc sell tamales.  after football games they do sell bacon wrapped hotdogs though.
I want sea food but I don't like texas seafood 
@thoughtcriminal you fuck, your tumblr made me really hungry, now i'm making a full meal at 2:30  vegan burger w/those sale french fries.
@TomboyTigress  you told me you LIKED my marshmallow fish. *runs off crying*
I didn't cook my macaroni noodles enough 
In an iron skillet getting food why is my glass dirty? I'm hungry and tired 
Doing dishes 
7 slices of pizza is turning into a not so good idea. 
@itsAJ that sounds delicious  my cousin bought me thai food...and then i made lumpia. haha i want popcorn!
doing the dishes 
 down to 3k in chips.
full from the red velet and butter pecan pie i just ate....all these bad eating habbits are starting to catch up with me and show!!! 
just ate 2 (two) southern style chicken sammiches...I'm full of chicken &amp; filled with guilt! 
i really want yam fries  i miss real dinners, bleh
curry is coming back to haunt me. heartburn.   
Feeling stuffed but not sated after my pizza 
is really wishing she had tickets to see dane cook at the staples center 
not many healthy vegetarian food  home delivery options.can't eat another cheese sandwich  want a wholesome meal..French fries don't count
my ssiter eat my crunchie 
will have to ake food now  but im not hungry. stupid fuckign medication *flips the bird at tablet*
@jusap i miss fast food delivery 
@Haileyyyyyy LOL shut up maori.. my 'healthy eating' has been a success. One is allowed to have a treat occasionally. 
i miss mcdonalds food already 
danny took me to maccas.. yaaaaaaaaaaaaay and i continue to be fat and eat ridiuclous foods 
i need food 
no good when theres cheesecake in the staff restaurant but i already bought a muller rice 
M &amp; D are out at a dinner party, eating soup.  I'm sitting at home, resisting mudcake, toblerone, lebanese bread and cheese 
I am out with this lame sushi bistro! 
wishing I could have a burrito filled with scrambled eggs, ham, cheese... damn you diet!!! I'll settle for little blueberry pancakes. 
@BernardMc me too, hav no food-am actually baking bread so i can hav breakfast, horribly hungover as well 
is waiting to get the sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit he was promised for breakfast, 
Totally overcooked my boiled eggs and soldiers... my yokes just crumbled when I stuck my burnt toast in 
I really want french fries. But no one has french fries at a quarter to nine 
...however I think I need more practise as I just blew lots of money on a beautiful fillet steak and ruined it in pastry!! 
I just want bacon and biscuits 
Not even a soft pretzel with cheese and a diet coke could make me feel better.  Some nachos and m&amp;ms, maybe...but that's pushing it. 
wants to watch live the USTe-Baste game tomorrow! (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/x7rn4
Cooking dinner and forgot to buy stuff for the meal, back to the grocery store 
I'm still hungryyyy..  should I ordered more sushi?! ( gimana bisa kuruuuuss!!!
@smileycamper Such a tease   I'm at work with coffee and ramen noodles.  Is that how you spell them ??  Lol
Someone brought popcorn salt and i had no popcorn 
@benlumley yay @ plastic cheese! I hate being meat though 
@lemonsareyellow Haha!!! i really wanted to get a Pedalo, but we had to get back to the carpark!  The pizza was lovely!
Wants good mexican food.    I need comfort food.  I am super depressed right now.
@angry_giant I now want chili with bacon. 
overcooked my frozen pizza. 
i hate how we never have food in this house. i also hate that i have no money to buy myself some food. 
... it was hashbrowns mixed with pork ... I want to litterally throw up 
I've broken my vertical blind fixings pretty good 
calorie counting is depressing 
@amberback Don't, please don't tweet about food, I'm so hungry and my pizza has just started cooking 
@Naaaaancy lmfao what! the little cooking rat is like me?? lmfao and sid too? 
Just woke up. I feel like i've been beaten with a meat hammer 
Making some breakfast, not the same without bacon or sausage 
superb footie result making mushroom pork for tea as I live in an apartment on 1st floor and cant hold a  bbq 
Eating the usual oatmeal, while my co worker's eating a beautiful bean and cheese burrito  I can't wait to start a new week..!
not going to the meet or to the met game  but the streets smell like charcoal &amp; hot sauce so some where there's a vegdog w/ my name on it!
@ellanovak actually vaniglia. finally settled for a leftover slice of michael's home-made pizza. and about half a watermellon. am a pig 
@PopTarts bummed to be missing it! 
is slighty hungover  now going to get food in my system...yum!!
I should go out and buy food. I'm hungry. 
@littlemisspout expensive! eat more buffet breakfast food for meeeee 
He just threw away my pastry weight beans because they were in his way 
@caleb_fry i miss you too man. 
@noodle_bar Aww the curry sauce just wasn't the same, it's impossible to recreate the amazing katsu curry at home 
aww this food is takin sooo long to come  !
Adding potatoes to the list of food I can't eat... 
is now boycotting disposable bbq's it has left the food with a chemically taste &amp; we can't eat itv  gutted there was lots of meat 
feels like she has a cold now. grreeaaaaat. :\ i want jell-o and yummy soup 
Is eating at red robin...but it's not the same without fry sauce 
@agencycouture inexpensive is close to free for now.  I have a site but its a premade layout.
Damit... no food at home .... super hungry... found a can of tuna...but cant find the can opener  Y does she keep eating all my food???
@tinymicroserf you must think I have bad taste. 
the salt n pepper chicken wings appetizer never makes it out as an appetizer at house of bowls 
sad fact! carbs is just as fattening as greasy meat dishes. i'm a living proof.  more to love i guess. haha
need some chips! 
finally ended up eating prawn crackers instead of bak chang. 
someone ate all my nachos  ...in search for food :/
there is no food in my house. i would have a taco but somebody left the tortillas open  im having a sad day so far...now i must mow the
just took a chunk out of his thumb making sweet potato dauphinoise  it hurts *cries*
@hovlookalike u just staying with me for my chicken tacos 
drinking soup and thinking wataa do next .....e555555555 i wana traaveeeeeeeeel 
I am craving criolla empanadas... But settling for McDonalds instead. So not the same 
We're getting violent.  Program randomly decided to hate us when we took a break to get food 
cwamps  i just want some food &amp; then kick it on the couch.
That potato salad had a shocking amount of mustard.  I remain hungry and unsatisfied.
Chinese food..... I'll be right back to finish my essay. 
I need food but I have no car  Who delivers besides pizza???
Going for a jog its still to hot  and waiting for my pizza delivery !!!! 
People at my job is getting chinese food I want chinese food 
making rosemary roasted potatoes for a picnic tomorrow.  only subbed thyme instead of rosemary.  not the same 
sushi with @saintisidora later? i hope so!! doing schoolwork until then 
@pilgrimfamilyuk The salt will sting...... 
Mannn, I want a crabcake 
Wtf...why are these sushi places closed??! I just want to eat. 
@valenTINERZ save some food for me..im @ starving..still waiting for a bacon egg &amp; cheese 
Note to self: Make sure tomato and mozzarella sandwich was refrigerated before eating it a day later.  
My sushi is all gone...and I have to go to work now.....  
Out of salsa  Just plain chips now darn
@Moneymakinbird u didn't buy me any food  LOL
@coffeemuffins i think you win on #livelocal stakes the snails ate all my salad stuff 
just stuffed myself with taco bell. not a good idea lol! and they forgot the sauce....how horrible!! 
I wanted to be as brown as @BuddyLove87, but I'm as red as a lobster 
EatinG fast food not by choice 
@ainajaharah hey, last nite I dreamed I was eating conch fritters, and today I went to 2 carib restaurants and nobody has them.  
burnt my thumb @ vons when I was getting soup 
i am sun burnt   i'm eating pizza
@thestuntdude turkey bacon? 
@SarahxNoelle pfft fatty  my food babies are gonna be fragile little things!
The food court where I used to loiter as a young teen is gone  It made me feel oldish.
6:37- no fish yet... 
@forevepurple awwwww  sorry dear if i had food, i'd give you some, want some chicken?
so hungry been around food all day the lean cuisine wasnt nearly enough my stomache is killing me... 
@carlikup to get rid of the taste and to clear your body out. We eat fish now &amp; again &amp; once @ a wedding we thought it was fish..chicken 
so many dishes, fuck that  seriously, im investing in paper plates!!
@zoara They do a wicked lentil soup in our office canteen  Of course I'm not there as much as I used to be, or thought I would be 
@nessie_111 before san fiero opened up i went trying to get all the oysters - basically dying after getting 1 - i'm still short 3 oysters 
@Carlyfly *sigh* but that was back when he was hot and tasty and not boring 
Going to ChumLees for some Chinese food;; eww I hate chinese food, u don't want to no what happened last time I ate it......gross! 
dropping the marmite and cheese covered bread on the floor was a fatal error in the sandwich making department 
marinated her tofu with too much tamari and now has a thirst that will not be sated 
majorly bummed about missing tacos at the eagles. 
apparently this is 1 of those days when i really want to eat good, healthy foods but am stuck w/things like soup &amp; yogurt thx to my jaw. 
About to eat some mexican food too bad they have no daiquiri here 
Haha I want mexican food 
Just downloaded ubertwitter I have to say I'm liking it so far. At 2500 chips  http://myloc.me/28vU
Hoping that after Tues I can eat real food again. 
too much potatoes, broccoli and baked chicken. 
thanks @captainjack63 the pickles threw me off. and i like pickles. just not in my salad. I'm hungry now. 
@LadiAsh; we are on the same page, all I want is a bean &amp; cheese burrito  lol
So tired!  im eating watermelon with my grandparents and my aunt. getting ready to go ride. then im eating ice cream and going to bed!
ughh... no food 
I just ran out of chocolate soymilk  hopefully I  can make up for it with veggie burgers, even though I grabbed the wrong ones 
i want a grilled cheese sandwich 
Waiting for pizza couldn't go to six flags 
dagnabbit, left a $10 package of ground beef defrosting too long, had to toss it 
got fail whale. spicy tacos upset my stomach so i'm being lazy tonight 
eating fried chikkn, mashed potatoes, corn, n green beans!!! yummy! :] im stayin home tonight. the nightlife really isnt for me anymore. 
ate too much  can't even watch food network.
hates doing dishes  
I hate that they can't make a simple lettuce and tomato salad in restaurants anymore 
@benspear @darlingnicotine I want sushi 
I've exhausted my supply of sweets and snacks. Now I'm cranky. 
picking out the olives in my salad i forgot to have la cafe omit from my order   @ home sick with a cough and cold and a body that aches
still in bed. but i'm hungry and i have no food 
I miss my dumpling  she is probably still out shopping
Still hungry  waiting for food
i wanted a mushroom tamal. i got a green tamal instead  i was so upset
i hate doing dishes! 
my spork is failing me. 
Watching some 3 ladies cook meat 
just had my luch of fried chicken and rice...i should be home with my son, not working and getting myself stressed out... 
ugh....dishes....  
's favourite food is spaghetti...but it goes straight to her thighs. 
Finding recipes for food that I'm allowed to eat before my surgery. 5 days to go 
but calories taste soooo good 
i dont feel well...think I ate some bad chinese food 
@asolomon15 haha forgot had a lobster tail too ahhhh I love seafood 
@forillas they have awesome pizza but they stopped making my favorite salad. 
@k0p it's not funny!!!! i am a lobster 
Yay for stupid bets that lead you to 24 hour liquid diets followed by 1 week bland diets 
addicted to eggs 
ate bad chinese food tonight 
 fine i just wanted to share with u the greatness of baby soup. and how it contributes to a cannibal society! 
Majorly craving some fast food! And honestly disappointed about the deliciousness of the wendy's shakes 
@TheRealYungBerg i want sushi 
@lilredbow wooowzers!! That's a lot of sauce and noodles all over.  I love that place!!
I'm such a bad cook. 
I want food! 
a bbq with a ton of food. Now on the bus back 
Ah, up early for a bit of training at work. Thankfully being paid. It feels nice to wake up hangover free, did eat cheese patty and chips 
Why this chicken and rice so long  200 people deep
@thalonelystoner I never got that sushi...  I'm slackin...
@she_shines92 I hope he feels better soon! Silly sausage 
I'm throwing cheese at my dog to catch in mid air what happens when yu little black book is dusty 
I REALLY need to stop eating junk food! I feel sick 
contemplating either a bacon sandwich or a full fry up - touch choice 
i just ate a double cheese burger and i feel so sick 
so cold here! it's raining very hard and i can't go out to buy some snacks. i really want some chips 
@jazholley do you love me enough to bring me some suncream... i dont want to be a lobster anymore 
@SimonePowderly ill burn the food 
just had the shittest pasta ever!  I need become a chef &amp; cook actual food for people! Just about to go &amp; see I love you, man - then work 
Aw. It failed  no tacos tonight.
@celestialpoet aww, that must be horrible  i had cold pizza and a cuppa instead lol
Barbeques equal alcohol and meat, two things I despise. 
@chrishsleeps I know  I miss it sooo soooo much!!! &quot;seven sizzling sausages&quot; epic fail.
eating pizza + potato wedges! mm yum -also my @twikini beta period ran out 2day so ive no twttr on the go 
 i want more chips, they dont last very long.
@patsymoore I was probably eating a lean cuisine!  
The bad cousin doesn't deserve a strawberry burrito..  
@gabanti i want food 
i miss coffee and real food 
@MeditationHelp re: animals killed for food: this is scienticslly valid; hormones of stress &amp; fear plus drugs = no meat 4 me!  
@britishcreamtea I got a 99 yesteday cost me 2 quid and didn't even have raspberry sauce 
I am a fail at making noodles 
Man those chips were really spicy. I bit my tongue. 
it's so hard resisting food 
@lacielanell no, I'm not eating pancakes  but pancake day = yum!
Realizing that as I continue juicing and eating raw foods, processed foods aren't fairing me well. 
@SandySweetness I hate when the cooks off duty!! 
@LauraDimes i want crabcakes 
Just cooked, roast chicken, gnocchi and cauliflower cheese... The gnocchi went unappreciated by some.. 
I SO want to be a vegetarian. I hate picturing animals before I devour my meal 
is having a bbq with fam, however is annoyed with the fact they think that quorn and veggie food is worse for me than normal meat, urgh. 
@asiansfly No, as a waiter 
just tried to recreate a breakfast dish I had once at a restaurant that I loved...didn't turn out so well 
Oh my gosh, we have to go eat at this sea food place that i dont like, :/ they changed thier minds not to go to olive garden.  ugh
aw crud monkeys! i got ravioli sauce on my new white cami... 
Waiting for my pizza @ pizza hut.. Its so hot outside that it's making me wanna cry 
also daddy is back in turkey 
Ugh I really hate chicken 
@babyscratch I want tamales tooo 
wants a nandos...halloumi and mushroom pitta.... 
my meat is all sweaty 
just ate most of a ham sandwich... hating myself 
Earls soups @ work. I think I'm getting sickly 
@ismithx if only I could email food 
@rohitthekkanal the food there made holes in our pocket 
why didn't ya'll tell me there was bacon in this pasta salad?!? that's just wrong  
getting murdered by spoiled rice in my system 
Coming home from big basin  ate so much unhealthy camp food and beer. my arteries hurt :p
Just made really spicy meatballs- hurt my bottom lip 
@patjones_coach because I'm working a private party at my restaurant on a beautiful day and I'm covered in syrup and hollandaise sauce. 
Ouch! I just burnt my tongue with steaming hot chicken noodle soup 
Why does the nine grain wheat bread at subway always feel stale 
@jeloroc hahaha I'm making fresh salsa, but farmers market didn't have the type of tomato I was looking for 
@terrysimpson I eat the best food, small portions... BUT I fail to get enough exercise. too much time sitting still. I know it. 
eating my burned bread/not-melted-cheese sandwich  I may need to buy a hot plate. stupid gas stove
@Sendoku i want sushi 
What to eat when you've got that 'day after drinking' feeling that won't shift and no bread   I just don't know..
Out of meal-points!  let me know when you go off campus to eat... I want real food if I'm going to spend real money.
I want noodles. 
i need 2 thaw some meat. i nev do 'cause im never sure when i will b able 2 replace it. 
ramen noodles. potato chips. ranch veggie dip. bananas. ...then work.  4-close
it would be great if the library served food. cuz i'm hungry but still need to study! too bad they fear bugs that'll eat the books 
Wishing I had noodles right about now... 
I had a pasta bake for dinner but its really upset my tummy 
i wish @kogibbq brought some korean bbq   would have been better than tuna sammich #twtrcon
@turi319 wtf is it?  all i can think of is enchiladas with salsa verde.  
eating chicken and rice then going to work 
having steaks,  corn, potatoes and chocolate chip cookies for dessert......only steak and corn for me 
@misskrisha  @fiercebanana it's goya yellow rice  never had arroz con gandules
@chilli2722 damn i forgot that was on  they will repeat it i'm sure
I wish I can still hold on my leftovers but I can't 
@kristin_alise I am sad 4 u now  I'll mail you a meat cookie to make up for it 
Hubs went for pizza ,  pizza and salad cant wait  I am so hungry 
sunburnt to a crisp, i look like a lobster 
I'm hungry. There is no food. 
Not impressed w the local greek food  so sad it had the potential to be the perfect drunk food
No food  eating peach-o's and diet coke. Not a bad breakfast....
no food  ugh
makaylas scared of chuck e cheese 
@somegoodpixels aww I wish I could be there to help cook! 
still countin calories sadly its been tougher than i thought 
@geoffSchweigert i told you i was sorry i didnt eat all my dinnerrr!! you know about my food phobias. i tried 
@alams haha, i am NOT on intervention  i need a food one though
@danigingerkid some ate my corn on the cob. 
@SoozInSports I'm too old to sell my eggs 
is burnt  ...scrambo eggs, bacon and toast...scrummy supper 
@xanabioticx I eat too much junk food 
do not appreciate looking like a lobster 
I want a sandwich but i have no bread and don't want to go to the store 
I am a sunburnt piece of crispy bacon.  Ouuucch.  I missed the banana boat 
@ellebees  everyone knows food and bathrooms don't mix.
decided to stop eating fish so I could become a true vegetarian. No more fishing for me 
My food was too spicy 
decided to stop eating fish so I could become a true vegetarian. No more fishing for me 
Swedish fish can't even make me feel better 
i ruined my soup  i left the noodles in for too long
@kasrael Not a delicious dumpling 
meatball sandwich in my near future.  good bye st.angelas fair.
Ugghhh...I ate too much.  We had ribeyes, fresh green beans, salad, and baked potato and I ate like I wasn't trying to lose any weight 
@shaggieshapiro not lying... it's the main staple of her diet 
aww he just made me pasta.. but no shrimps  ...
@pineappleee ...for eating a potato? Why do you have so many it's confusing me 
too hungry to sleep..want another kebab 
just made the juiciest tri tip ever!! with garlic red potatoes, rice, and corn on the cob... darn... i forgot the cornbread  ARRG
@CharlesGokey Yummmm...  I had a salad with dressing on the side...     
@sassylawyer i'd try that pizza! but i think i'll miss my pepperoni 
@madiganreads I discovered onions a few years ago, but can no longer eat them raw. This makes me sad. 
I have run out of toilet paper, deodarant, and food. 
Since when did outback steakhouse get rid of their artichoke dip??! 
@MikeRooney i don't want to put away the dishes 
is so sickkkk  &amp; eating my chicken soup.
fasting today.. food is the worst addiction! and somehow, between munching and eating like a pig, i've seem to put on 3 kilos 
Oh man those pancake puppies was not a good idea to have for dinner. All that sugar is keeping me up 
ate too many chicken nuggets 
still stuck as a squid 
is hungry  craving for fried food!
Hiding in the blankets with hot food. god its freezing.. 
Kamalji hates biriyani because it gets over in quickly 
I put my plate down for ONE second, and my dog steals by schnitzel. Now im schnitzel-less 
@TriciaRoxas walang food.  )
@seaisthesky thanks, I've got my butter menthols, no chicken soup though 
@tsekai I am craving for a juicy T-bone steak with mashed potatoes and mixed buttered veggies 
I made feta, sunblushed tomato and olive scones for lunch... they are calling to me from my bag 
succesfully avoided the yummy stuff at the sandwich van and bought a healthy salad instead 
Ugh, food poisoning - nature's way of telling you never to eat cold pizza 
no more forks  i hate eating my salad with a spoon.
@jhindley i want to be sat outside gusto with prosecco and pizza 
I should stop eating at fastfood joints.. 
Woolworths sourdough bread is cheap and nasty. It doesn't even taste like sourdough 
My banana sandwich is slowly decomposing 
craving original flavor chips right now 
Doesn't feel food  
http://twitpic.com/6eba2 - fried rice + mayo + tomato sauce. I found a piece of broken glass 
The food simply sucks! 
@chris_alexander you are making me jealous with your sandwich of cheese! i'm off cheese since it is quite a high calorie food 
It's waaaaaay past dinnertime so why didn't anyone bring me any food? 
The chicken in my chicken jalfreezi is dry 
threw too much salt on my eggs and bacon this morning. 
i just spilt my cuppa soup everywhere. now my room stinks of chicken noodle soup! 
Eating twisties. Twisties were not my snack food of choice but it is all we have 
I eated all of my chicken 
@MrIsaac nice..  less propane means less steaks 
Just et bag of salad in manner of bag of crisps after shock 16 (SIXTEEN) stone epiphany this morning. I now have more waist than leg 
2 hot 2 eat a steak bake 
This bag of M&amp;M's tastes funny. 
Walkers builders breakfast flavour, basically the feeble cousin of smokey bacon 
@gixywixypixy  hot and sour soup?
has dishes to do tonite  grrrness man! and only then may have some foods!
Just told a co-worker to use a fork to pull her bagel out of the toaster. She thought I was trying to kill her.  I don't know kitchens 
I think I may have to take a sick day  anyone have a good soup recipe?
dumping caffeine into my body to suppress my appetite because i'm poor and can;t eat all my food 
i want sushi 
mann, i smell beef noodles.  i want either chicken or surry ones 
sitting in the kitchen... but the bird i am gonna eat isnt in the oven yet 
hmm I don't know if my pasta salad is going to be enough for lunch  especially since I didn't eat breakfast! lol
just finished my pork pie  i only really like the batter pastry stuff but have to eat the weird pork or its a waste 
@stellacat actually we are out  but im eatin leftovers from last nights PopEyes! its yummy
damn roommate took my chicken 
I just can't eat omelettes anymore 
back at work.... just had a 5 hour energy and muscle milk oatmeal.... not a good combo 
@Potbelly the new zapp's chips? Normally I like kettle chips but these are just awful. 
My salad was a major fail today - they DROWNED it in dressing &amp; the chinese noodles were stale 
We need food. The refrigerator currently only holds condiments. 
I want comfort food 
I really, really want a pizza right now. But with no fancy toppings, just a regular pizza. 
@shoshanabean not even in the land of ketchup, that's just wrong.  did u ever try the ketchup fries?
@dean_b an onion is not a vegie...   But YAY for fajitas! U in da $$?
@MargaritaNKOTB I didn't. I am a chicken. I didn't understand the law text and that's why I didn't dare 
Eating peanut butter sandwich but I'm missing my 'naners! 
have to wash the dishes  hate this
there is a giant bowl of fried chicken next to me and I can't eat any of it 
@xgemstar  i'm dead?  my street smells like weed and barbeque. i want a barbeque now 
came down with some sort of allergy, no seafood for 3 months! bye bye to my fav dishes. 
Maybe I shouldn't have ate those hotdogs  tummy mad suspect now!
i can't find my krabby patty!  (flash drive)
 that's not a cup of soup! that's rice pilaf  awww - LUNCH FAIL
Since the carb spacers mysteriously moved away from the carbs I wasn't able to install them this weekend.  
@ElizabethBanks I believe in Asian that's a blessing and a good luck sign but here it just means your lunch smells like birdseed poop 
I have a fast food advertising jingle as an earworm. 
@SteveAverill But I don't like the taste  Gassssp, yes I know.
eating carrots to stave off hunger b4 dinner.  reduced training volume during taper means I get to eat less food  #fb
@girlgetstrong2 hey girly .. the link for your spinach recipe isn't working  
a hour later after eating cheeto puffs and chocolate milk wasn't a good idea. 
Anyone want to deliver a bowl of pho to me? I'm sick and craving noodle soup. 
@MsFitBC now i feel bad for eating those mini burgers at denny's  yikes! haha
@leighboi ive run out too  .... just blend a cucumber and slap it on haha
@pablohoneys AWE. I just ate vegan chicken patties with my best friend, my macbook. 
i dropped my ziti and all the cheese splashed out  all i hav is saucy noodles
*singing* Before the spaghetti, and all of the cheese, I lost my poor meatballs when I was clumsy 
just finish eating lunch, I ate sun-dried tomato pesto chicken.  Now back to work 
@CherieRenee wow you seem like quite the cook. You have to give me some of your recipes...although I don't have a grill cause its an apt 
http://twitpic.com/6fj3q - I made pancakes for my dinner, but moldy syrup just ruined 2 
aw balls, I'm out if bread.  potstickers it is, then
tortilla chips are deadly 
@MickeyBoggs You forgot to add sausages on the end of your tweet!  Sausages!
Scratch that, after 4 hours in the fridge the chicken is still a frozen brick, and i can't figure out the defrost on the microwave. 
@brdwayboyts I'm jealous of your eating of Chinese 
On campus and all the food is gone  had a chocolate dove bar and a smart water though!
meat factory smell bad. 
@TheBeerWench that potato sounds yummy, my pathetic dinner pales in comparison 
wishes @jacktrack would have cleaned my grill so i could enjoy a sausage toastie about now!! 
@shannon_e That sounds soo good! If only he liked Chinese food. 
@TheMonkeyest i want pizza 
going to get a microwave tomorrow!! so i can eaaaat!! i have no unmicrowavable food in my apartment except pickles and diet dr pepper 
crab stuffed baked sole would have been yummier while hot. 
@iamjwe right now i feel like I should be boiled with the chicken   add salt to taste
Sitting at Chillies, with folks, waiting on the food. I just want to sleep! 
@parisgraphics yeah, food is for fatties. unfortunately, top shelf vodka and organic nuts can really put a dent in one's wallet 
@vegan_one tempting. I'd rather not. Bills to pay 
I would simple love some crabcake.  http://www.visionsof.us
My supper went over like a lead balloon with the kids.  I think the black quinoa freaked them out - it was just chicken stew w/carrots.
I wanted to order really hot chili peppers off the internet but my paypal account is being sketchy and this may take some effort 
diners, drive-ins, and dives... man I need some yummy food NOW... but I already had dinner! 
@stormixlynn tryna be healthy  ive tried soy-rizo (chorizo) and it was great but i guess hot dogs are intended to be fatty
Me to home watching tv with food poison from my favorite brother 
@donhenrie mostly steak and potatoes, salads, vegetables, some of the few food items I'm not allergic to 
although the burrito was amazing I have bad gas  watch out peoples
i have food poisoning from carrabbas 
I'm starting to see my dogs head like a pizza box with a slice of pizza sticking out. THAT is how hungry i am 
just ate a massive curry laksa....doubt it will be as nice coming out as it did going in.. 
High protein diet.  I have thunderous gas.
I really want a big salad 
@CYNTHIAMUNOZ wheres my food?! I feel so left out 
I think I ate some bad sweet potato fries... 
layin down with frozen peas on my ribs... still hurts! 
@electricalexis I fear cheap food will always be the current fad. 
Ouch. That frozen yogurt was not a good idea at this hour.  my tummy hurts.
I'm hungry... someone ate ALL the food 
i just ate lasagna..i like lasagna. homework still! 
@soy_zombies Seriously. I dont get it either 
i'm in an indian restaurant in makati, hoping to have a good meal. i'm not a big fan of spicy foods, actually. and curry. gross. 
Lately I make myself too much food at meals. It's so wasteful. 
For the record... Slightly over cooked albacore tastes exactly like very over cooked chicken. 
I can't hold dishes or spell tonight. 
I'm horribly sick  I need some of mommas chicken soup
@themethodist whole foods downtown quit carrying it 
@kuyachickboy I wish I had rice 
@timboroberts well, chicken didn't taste very chickeny (worrying!) &amp; I couldn't taste sweetchilli either but there was unknown sauce 
.. I'm hungry as hell!! I could spare myself the extra drama by just eating some of @DjChampIFD 's food but I'll eat it all haha!! 
Ugh. I wish i could eat endless amounts of food.  my tummy is full.
chipotle was good i just ate a bowl pretty good still... to full though 
@beautiful_waste it was, it was very disappointing. I had ranch dressing but no carrots. 
4 my raw veggie friends: havg problems w/raw oats since i'm gluten intolerant. is there a raw alternative? have 2 give up my chewies. 
My sushi plans are on hold.. indefinitely  cant eat out for a while now!!!
cleaning dishes 
all of the sudden i just feel very empty, as if food couldnt fill me up 
hot sauce 
Ugh i'm in need of yogurt with mochi on top 
food commercials make me so hungry..... 
@elwoood I'm sorry  eat some chicken noodle soup, get some rest, and drink lots of fluids! &lt;3
The tamale already hurts 
@brookefraser yogi wanted food 
@thenonconsumer I could too, but would miss fresh veggies 
WTHHHHHH!! my bros have eaten all the sea food flavoR in just 4 days?. argg. i want sea food flavor 
craving shawarma all of a sudden. it's @lekimumu's fault. 
@nagham I want gourmet shawarmas  .. @wildpeeta
I nees some food! 
@lisamccormick how did you make the chicken stand still long enough to marinate it?  When I try, they always run off 
@SitsEtheX they refuse the food you bought them, they won't eat it. 
I want sushi!! 
is hungry but is lazy to buy food outside.  http://plurk.com/p/xu96p
Looking forward to consuming salty foods without the bloating effect! Getting tired of being a human balloon! 
@cleaninggirl The sausage kitty hasn't followed me yet. I feel so unwanted! 
@libbyoliver we no have yo sushi near us 
is craving for good food! 
@jayumcooper not a sausage 
This is what you get if mom isn't there for making you food. Eggs on a bread  http://yfrog.com/5h643j
@aweatherby Yay, you had cheese and tomato baps. However, you didn't share! 
Holy hell, my parents just made buttermilk pancakes and bacon strips and french toast?! I wish I can loose weight by eating those. 
need to cut the fast food  byebye mc donalds
I'm so hungry for foods I don't have! 
noodles make me feel sleepy :s and im far too warm 
chillin' at home.  watching gofield eat my food! 
Currently eating a salad,rice,chicken lunch and making a mess of my new shirt .... need a bib I think 
I guess that makes it a pot soup 
@KirstynSmith on  a completely unrelated note, I'm getting nacho cravings 
@IndywoodFILMS yes but didn't get beyond the pork pie 
chicken sandwich and orange juice for dinner for the broken soul. 
there are no more spoons at work so i have to eat my yogurt with a fork.  
@jodiekearns stop you're making me hungry! I only had sugar puffs from a flask for my lunch! The demands of live broadcasting 
@thirdplace The tofu chili I packed for you. It was in tupperware in the bowl in the fridge and only the bowl is left 
@henreyes i want some of your delicious pasta too! 
This mornings cereal experience was unsatisfying. Probably because I'm craving a chicken biscuit. 
@jordanknight had banana for dinner,going on two bananas,still hungry 
I cbf doing the dishes. 
just ate all his chewy chips ahoys....... 
highly recommend M&amp;S chicken &amp; bacon with new potato salad - very yummy, even though I dropped it on my lovely linen trousers 
@fashionistaz  me want to diet aswell, but foods r hard to resist 
the food poison are just getting worse 
iPhone -&gt; rice bath 
I was gunna have pizza for tea but the pizza shop was closed 
@mytesi orange chicken! but im trying to be vegetarian...  so maybe porkless pork dumplings
huuungry  but i shall procrastinate eating!!
cinn apple rice cakes for lunch... ergg but mommies ronis sound sooo much better 
i'm like a dead fish 
@AgesTheGreat  in jersey order me some chinese food lol.
@vegan_mike i want one from a carnival or fair or whatever. So bad 
i have to make a fruit salad laterrrr. been abandoned 
After a though sandwiches and Chinese fast food, I'm still soooo hungry   It's unbelievable!
Eating the middle bits of out pork pies. 
@0HSHiT_iTSKiRST bring me somethin all I got is oodles n noodles 
so for the record it is possible to burn microwaveable country fried steak in the microwave... 
I'm going to miss you French fries with extra salt and ketchup 
is missing the fam and good old south african food. 
has lip rash due to prawns  itchy and red!
i do not feel like cooking AT ALL... &amp; it's my turn  i'm thinking we should order pizza!
has succesfully murdered my poached eggs 
Lunch at noah's. They ran out of my favorite spinach and swiss bagel. 
Is eating hamburgers without katchup... 
food still cooking...looking &amp;&amp; smelling good..but I don't feel good so I guess I'll eat later 
@angeltalks ahha...no no i'm on a diet! booo  i'm single and i can't eat food i want, grrrr!
i'm missing the meat puppets concert tonight 
too sleepy...  it's a bother to prepare the meals, but hungry 
I think I had food poisoning 2 days in a row. Yesterday after sushi, and today after eating chicken salad w/ chicken that was a bit old 
I keep having to remind myself that im not gonna have the body i want by eating junk food 
@figgirl Your tasty pizza sounds so good. Wish I lived closer 
not looking forward to drawing weiners 
@RyanSeacrest Wish I could eat pizza with you  BooHooHoo!!!
ok, bird just made me so sad! it tried to lay an egg, missed the nest and now the little egg is broken on the porch  
My mommy only gives me rice and lamb dog food...I never get to eat yummy food 
@laurakoepnick yum.  pizza is my weakness.  i have had to take a sabbatical from it though.  
Just saw BarackStar eat five guys burgers and not I'm in ultra thirsty mode to get one 
@alyssapongyoo oh aree you? I just ate a veggie burger...it was dank. Too many calories 
Doing the dishes. 
I lost my sweedish fish 
@ShantiSaha mm i want lonster and shrimp too from red lobsterss wish they opened late 
@ilovemakonnen it was gr8.... the food @ waffle house was better than the skull tho 
starving... i need food 
lunching downstairs... there goes my taste palate... 
just made some burnt toasties 
my dinner combo of coke and eggs was not only disgusting but now i'm up for good 
@joellyvale i had food poisoning.  but i feel better now. :]
sooo hungry just cooked waiting on @djjamx to eat   chicken baked with chesse and broc. rice and creamed corn
is addicted to sesame bars.... ive eaten so many 
mmm dinner. wild fennel crusted rock cod, nettle soup, asparagus, pine nut, parmesan salad. and i cooked a caterpillar 
Once I figure out why I'm sharing recipes with all of you, I'll let you know. I like the kitchen almost as much as I love music. 
talia_d I haven't eaten meat in three days. As a matter of fact I haven't eaten much of anything.  Just chicken broth and crackers.
@talia_d I haven't eaten meat in three days. As a matter of fact I haven't eaten much of anything.  Just chicken broth and crackers.
groan.. don't wander into a fish sauce factory. there are some things about your food that you just don't need to know... 
all i ate today was a salad and a few pieces of watermelon. I feel queezy.  
im craving fast food 
My icecream has freezer burn. 
Oh noooo my rubber spacer is coming off!  damn it! I haven't even been eating hard foods. Ugh its the stupid doritos grrr &gt;=/
I'm hungry.. I forgot to buy food.. 
Oh no! One of my mini-tagine spice holders broke in transit  twas a gift.. now mus choose who will receive the remaining one
Making dinner with what I can find....thought I had more food supplies than I actually do 
Wow pears are yummy even as a three am snack... Being an insomniac really stinks 
@MadamSalami im doing my food shopping on line too! my breakfast consists of the manky crust in the bread bag 
my stomach hurts from eating white cheddar popcorn  damn studio munchies
my fish died 
I'm hungry. I need food. 
just started a war with the stomach: cottage cheese on wheat things, kenpo + ab ripper x, protein shake, tater tots, and now red wine.. 
I pride myself on a flat tummy, but I've recently been pigging out on cakes, pies &amp; rich food gaining over 20 new pounds! Not good! 
No toast so tried eating porridge, big mistake  my tummy does not like.
@karyeung me too  shop &amp; eat.. . don't we ALL want that?!?
food poisioning, isnt so great 
@richokinetic You can say the same about their bacon! 
food is feeling 
Shit I've got potato salad till next week!! I don't even like potato fucking salad!! That's the last time I'm gonna be nice  !!!!! 
@GabrielSaporta aww!!! if i lived in nyc,i would totally bring u food!! but i dont  lol
@kzluvskim23 had fun with you babe. im sorry for the spaghetti 
My sausages aren't cooking 
I have spent all morning writing up power point training lessions  so boring. might be time for some chicken and leek pie from the canteen
Now having gorgeous cheese and onion limbos. The bad to work 
Just made myself a big bowl of spaghetti, but now I don't want it anymore 
ok lunch brake over  i feel sick ! y did they bring back  old school roast beef monster munch  and in a big bag !! aarrgghh
mummy just dropped the jar of croutons i APPARENTLY didnt close tight enough. no croutons for me tonight. 
Too much eat.. *blergh.. 
taitv.. then bath.. T__T i smell like food... i don't want to smell like garlic tofu.. 
went to san churros and they didnt have any churros  not happy
no time to make a salad today. so i brought grapefruit. i sure want a salad. 
says i can't stand the smell of food yet i'm hungry as hell  http://plurk.com/p/y4u7n
needs to get out going stir crazy listening to big cook little cook 
agghhh i have food poisoning 
@ellensmith3 :O i'm starving and i don't have any food 
i dipped my bread into my tea and bit it and spat it out into my soup!!! 
I gave halal food 3 shots to see what the big deal was &amp; I still don't like it (currently passin some serious gas cuz of it  DEATHHHH)
i look like raw meat. pink 
@HungryGirl scrambled egg whites with fresh spinach and a slice of kraft 2% american cheese! (ran out of turkey yesterday  )
 The best food teachers leavin!  . . . .meh! I will miss him! 
@poppornblog i was sad when the site wouldn't work  do you like chocolate sauce?
@bigkapitol yes sir... I could go for some sesame shrimp.. I'm just hungry..  .. lol
only had a sausage roll today... I am starving but I have no money I think I'm going to go home now a and find some food 
 I want some chicken salad....I LOVE YOU
ate wayy too much  
i'm so full because of sushi  so i can't eat my j.co donuts
@dapmd couldn't breathe or swallow, yikes, seriously allergic to soy and pineapple  and five other foods
I hate this lunchroom, why don't I have pizza 
@ABThePro i want some chipotle 
-- darn. I forgot to bring a fork to work today...now I'm eating my salad with coffee sticks. 
I really want some lipton noodle soup and a grilled cheese but I don't have any soup.  I go back to the doctor at 2.
still craving bacon... BUT I guess I have to settle for salad 
@evanl1 Don't tweet about food. I'm so hungry 
@loweryc why the /sigh on trying to be healthy..it SOUNDS good.  But I understand....trying to say no to cheesy gordita crunch is hard. 
has created the most unhealthy meal ever  it has 3 types of cheese! it didn't need 3 types of cheese.
is now on a diet of fish and rice...bleddy food poisoning... 
i have food posioning 
eating ramen with chopsticks for lunch. accidentally overboiled the water so now there is like practically no broth.  sad sami.
brought tuna and low fat triscuits for lunch, but frankly, I want noodles &amp; co. darn! I'm gonna be good  http://plurk.com/p/y784k
@feesh0r I think the postman ate it 
My mother left moldy food out and now i'm having a small allergic reaction  ugh and i'm at work.
last good meal before me and the mother start a diet. goodbye my friends the carbs. goodbye pasta. goodbye crisps   *sob*
@tatianatot I have to work at 4   I love me some food though
At lunch eating a banana and wheat crackers...this diet is brutal 
I want icecream so bad.  I wish i had my permit. 
dreamt about making caprese salad &amp; using egg cutter to slice mozzarella. i hv issues 
@AriesRebi13 dude i'm pissed i don't get my chinese food!!! 
@acidnation stop angryfacing me  you shoulda just bought pot noodles
had large chips and soup for lunch...cant be healthy 
is feeling a little better. but I need to stop eating. ugh! 
had creamy pasta...yuck !! hungry again 
goodness I didn't have dinner and I had cheese on my pizza for lunch.  I need food  I'm getting some serious cramps from the dairy
aww boo, after36+hrs of waiting for a decent meal all i could eat was a salad? i really wntd2eat everything in sight  i'm hungry again now
Making pasta salad for tomorrow hope my daria doesn't ditch me for her dude 
@RayLV23 I don't know what kind of food I want though!!!! 
Wishing I could eating a yummy burger with @corrienav instead of a boring salad...   The things we do to look good.
it is easy to stay under my daily calories when it hurts too much to eat. 
my fish just died. 
Ugh! It's such a banana pancake day!   
I just got so excited, cause the waitress came out carrying our food...to another table. They ordered the same thing we did. 
Dominos don't deliver to my house anyway  I just fancied a chicken and sweetcorn pizza followed by chocolate brownies.
lunch was ok.  the potatoes had too much rosemary for my taste plus the rolls looked good, but they were sourdough. 
Fish n chips just isn't the same without ketchup 
I'm making an emergency run to mcdonalds , I really don't want to ear that can of tuna 
might have made the salad too big. 
unannounced visitor ate my dount 
But I'm really craving some of my grandma's food.. 
i am SO hungry. but i just cant eat 
My turkey and ham salad wrap is not sitting well. 
completely bored own me head, dont know what to do till i go to work. hungry n bored of eating soup and bread since last couple of days 
feel like a cow. to many calories today  i hate food.
is full of noodles...blah..   
damn it katie, now I want sea food 
To be a carrot or a lobster?  Right now my skin has chosen lobster 
i have no bacon and no baps - bad times 
craving sushi but can't have any 
@heatherlu i miss you too, baked beans!!! 
@VickyJones1984 kl x ive never had a caribbean curry  r they nice? x
I had chinese food for lunch and didn't save my leftovers. I wish I had my leftovers 
@hilscape I am sad for you and your frozen tomatoes 
someone lost their groceries all over the road  even their frozen lasagna. but i gots a iced coffee and a free donut! woooot!
Huge pot of minces steak, onions, carrots &amp; butterbeans on the stove - comfort food required tonight - baby had a bad day 
It's a lonely feeling when you eat the last cashew out of your chicken with cashews dish.  
I want my chicken 
@katiehutchison lamb curry but it must have been a different chef cos it did NOT taste as good as last time 
@gerbyman i got some gold fish.... lol u like it? i wanted cheetos but didn't c any! 
Eatting bacon pizza now...super hungry 
@tedmurphy white chili? I don't get it 
@LONz damn now I'm hungry. Why I can't have a juci beef right next to my yard 
@tommy_toast we might have been even closer after we walked everywhere in search of shelter 
@Brantanamo I'm hungry  Share some pasta with me! hahahaha
just had a Chinese takeaway and managed to order the wrong dish - pineapples don't belong with beef 
sooooo many dishes 
Thinking I may have actually gotten food poisoning off the Tzatziki I ate a lot of last night while I was painting.    bummerino.
great i gotta eat home made tacos again 
@DouglasAintRike: why don't you and @JitterJorge take a detour and bring me Some chicken and dumplings 
@brytay82 can't do fast food 
@melwicks_ yes about the mayonnaise! Negates the healthfulness of lettuce though 
walmart for cat food then gym to work off my food 
A regular order of fries that weighs more than my burger explains everything. I feel fat and lethargic. I'm truly American 
needs to sit down and have a discussion with the grocery buyer and find out why the only junk food I can find tonight is *granola bars* 
Watching a moive on tv...making ramen noodles, wanted to make pizza but didnt have all the ingredients. 
poisoned by food 
cooked beef quesadillas, cheese quesadillas, spanish rice, and corn for dinner. Then S'mores for dessert. . . still sick 
is wanting cabbage with her pot roast. But no cabbage 
I wish going to the gym was as easy as eating...and as yummy too 
A piece of fried chicken wing for breakfast...  I'm still hungry
Not eating chinese food with leslie or Jhericko 
My chicken enchilada tasted like... chicken. 
@leelaa I wish I was capable of eating. 
At sea rocket bistro for grilled sardine, clam &amp; mussel steamers and baked oysters. Most things oversalted  but cool space and cheap price
3 hours of dishes done. I used 8 knives and three plates. 
watching the rice and lsu game rice is losing 
wishn i would throw up already cause this nausea is killn me. i couldnt even finish my meal 
@travisking  i'm such a fattie! xD i want food in general..well...mostly pancakes.
I'm eating at panera but while I was typing I looked down and my bread bowl rolled off onto the floor 
They don't have uni at this sushi bar 
@chefjeff808 omg!! I miss tonys cooking  I love papaya salad!!
1/2 cup brown rice; salad with tomatoes, corn, avocado, strawberry, onions; few pretzel sticks with peanut butter.   ugh, ate too much 
Ugh. I hate the munchies! 
I really can't eat mexican food 
@MandyyJirouxx that's upsetting  broccoli cheddar is pretty bomb though!
so wanting Italian blackened chicken pasta!  but I can't risk that dress!  I'll have a salad...
feeling molested by the new quiznos commercials, just got done eating homemade pizza (damn i can cook :B) plans are off for tomorrow, 
Interesting: how food stylists make that dish picture-worthy no longer eat-worthy  http://tinyurl.com/msj3d7
Enjoying a fruit salad and pellegrino for break, some people can be not very nice  lol ,&lt;3 kMv
@Dfacta you beyotch! i want a bread bowl. 
is holding noodle 
My tummy hurts badly since I ate spaghetti. How cruel is that? It's my favourite food that my dad makes  it shouldn't hurt me.
Craving fatty foods 
@presto82 shut up please!  you make me miss my country! I love yuca! y platanos!
at chilis... johnny stop ignoring me 
home from work...but had a yummy sandwich peppered turkey and jalapeno bacon=amazing! now time to go to bed and do it all again tomorrow 
@Jstyle420 vag. Looks like raw beef no one wants to eat 
I need food 
hungwee again  thinking of the massive pancakes i saw at the menu yday.
Just snapped my chopstick in half 
My notebook looks like chicken scratch!  I need a muse...
just ate 5 tacos from del.... still hungry   
I wanted too but u would of taken my chips 
just ate 2 slices of pizza at 3:45 a.m 
I want a hamburger.  And nachos. At 1am.  
@AxL1230 I had a pizza. They were out of chicken bakes  so sad
I can't eat the foods that I want! 
bummed, lost what was left of my 1/2 bag of raisins enter day one of no food and not eating. i guess it build character 
bummed, lost what was left of my 1/2 bag of raisins enter day one of no food and not eating. i guess it builds character 
Sweating cheeseballs  hot hot.
@CertifiedDiva21 damn I just check my @ u still need dat soup I miss a chance to bring u soup 
@rhstavis that sushi looks good! we have never had sushi together  crying
sushi buffet please  i want more xiao long bao too. oh and jiaozi. damn, just more food?
I think I have food poisoning. 
@joek949 no food is bad!  X
Just screwed up the fried noodles by adding raw garnishes to the seasoning! 
There was no sushi.  
burnt my cheese n tomato toasted sandwhich 
wondering whether my oven will ever be fixed. 3 weeks without pizza 
Really fancy sushi, why are the best places so far away 
@NicoleJAnderson i know, it totally is  got health and food on tuesday sadly  i know, its a scary thought lol
@Dindakanya sushi??? Curaaaaaang makan sendirian 
More lemsip - chicken soup (yay!) - blurrgh!   
Just cooking bacon sandwiches for &quot;brunch&quot;. Although no brown sauce to go with 
My sim is hopeless at cooking! I have already had a fire and keep burning my breakfast 
NO yeast no pizza dough 
@GJRM I didn't mean to, it had a pizza, I wanted a bit of pizza and didn't notice the bus 
i think there was too much eggs, spam and cheese in my eggs, spam and cheese. I feel sick 
beijing food isn't that great..... 
food poisoning 
 it wasnt sunday roast.. jus a chicken cookin for tomoro, how depressin , i'd got my hopes up lol x
another day of books and movies and smoothies and soup and no michael 
Watching the kettle boil... 
Just ate a package of bacon. Now eating a banana. I should have wrapped the banana in the bacon. I missed an opportunity. 
food poisoning  x
Just me and spicy mutton curry. No one to share it with. 
out of bacon 
@ltyson I don't no why but I was soooo hungry yesterday lol I want some more I forgot to take my potatoe salad home 
Someone shrank my chicken burrito 
Off to work  another day of complaining people and smelling like ketchup &amp; fries.
pizza lunchables are the best! I want one now, but I will wait til lunchtime  god I'm lame
@allaboutanne We were shopping for food, haha.  How are you?  Why you never call me?  
@Slaizt I want homemade pizza. 
Successfully baked apple crumble pie, cooked tteokbokki, and samgyupsal. I enjoyed my dinner, although nobody else said if they liked it. 
@djrivetkitten I wish I COULD grow veggies! Not enough sun 
why do i have to be so hungry and surrounded by food that looks so delicious 
My whole icecream just fell on the ground 
@kooichin I remember doing curry mee for my junior last time.she was soo happy!!!..but later she got food poisoning..makes me feel guilty 
@xoxallixox haha exactly!! I want a cheeseburger 
late nite food adventures = discovering grease stains on my new kelly green coat  today 
@jujukoo @Kyleftw that was the one I was wearing to the cook out. 
 I burned my quesadilla.
Couldn't even find the cheap buffets 
Pretty Sure we passed the 30 pizza mark in an hour.  That's a lot of food!! and orders keep coming! not fun 
little pit bulls, cocaine and guns. thanks california  i think i will stick with eggs n bacon.
@itslauraduggan I want pizza  and chips with lashings of salt and vinager....blah
Hotdogs, chowder, cupcakes, beer, kettle corn, clams.  I lose 
is cooking chorizo, knowing the doesnt get to scramble some eggs in it and eat it right now. 
I want food, cigarettee and a toliet 
...wanted to go to red lobster 
i want chinese food 
@urface57041: yuck! nooo  i dont like ham :/
staaavin' really want some pizza &amp; breadsticks  damn.
craving chinese food 
urgh i hate washing dishes 
@Juicyfruit4u I'm craving sushi. You got me hooked 
I'm hungry. I pooped all those 7 plates of sushi I ate 
@deiknuo  And I've finished my steak too....
@dogboy55 I'm not allowed Chinese food  or much else that tastes good for that matter
My pizza went cold 
@kNikkiM I am so jealous of your sammiches  I wish I could eat bread!!! *cries a river of tears*
@jennyovadia yea i have potatoes left but i only have regular eggs 
@Starrgirlxo ...but now i have to go eat pizza  sorry..
i need to go food shopping... ugh 
is sick of eating icecream 
@burbujaspy @officialnjonas ahi 
@theodormaghrak feel better  eat some soup and saltines. Do/did you present today?
is so full after that barbeque. my diet is down the drain 
@nmhrbrtsn argh  why didn't you bring food for megabus! sillly.
@lrnn idk  when i bring food i tend to never eat it :|
rewind..sushi was NOT  all dat 
this diet sucks. during the day, all i basicly eat is salad. and i hate most things in salad. i miss pasta 
i haven't eaten anything but popsicles for 48 hours. i'm craving some real food..but i'll prolly throw it up 
If I see the sea I might pass out! It was a HUUUUUUGE platter, no joke. It is such a hard work to eat shell fish.I hurt all my fingers 
I ate too much.  i just can't resist thai food though! It's an addiction.
merr........i cant even eat this taco........and i love tacos 
I can only eat soup. 
@elizabethriley No, but the oil and the peanuts separate if you leave it in the pantry. You need to keep organic in the fridge 
@erintaman I didn't cover my tomatos or peppers last week and now they are dead... 
is going shopping to accommodate her new food allergies. le sad 
I am always sad when I eat the last bit of homemade salsa.  
@sagray16 it was called the cheerful chilli - food was ok but not much in the way of chilli of any type 
And I still didn't eat any shrimp 
@saraeatscrepes can you send me some food from the hard rock 
Eating junk food 
I am dying for Indian food. 
my spinach pie only turned out so so. 
 soggy nachos. Even worse they added beans &amp; forgot my jalapenos.
@JoshEJosh a hamburger, rice, chicken, and macaroni salad. I had 2 plates of that.  And they just brought out lasagna. 
@MzGunot ben ate them all 
Eating out alone is so depressing but i want mah tonkatsu 
@wastedlittledjs mcdonalds chips  and lol! the cranberries (h)
Ended up stopping at chipotle after hospital haha yay no guac though  xD
@empressK some edemame and rice 
Omgoodness, I'm so freaking hungry!!! I'm so tempted to rip open this bag and chow down! ...dag I should've gotten an ice tea to go 
@laurz we had maple salmon, potatos and grilled pineapple cookd on the grill. What did you have for supper?  I missed the free icecream 
At a japanese steakhouse for my brothers birthday. They are cooking food i cannot eat right in front of my face 
Listening to music i killed all my fish by boil  so sad
that steak tasted like 'nothing' 
is mad at herself for having the second leftover pizza pizza piece 
Actually, out of food, though had some tasty sangria.  alas, going to find something else.
I guess its turkey sandwiches tonight 
@elipo68 if I wasn't sick, I'd be all over those like white on rice 
i am chock full of vegan recipes to make. now i just need some vegan, vegetarian, vegcurious friends to make them for. 
@stephz1 I'm sorry  its going to be here soon enough. Until then, I think the best we can get is sushi! Lol
to the hospital now for the blood sugar test. haven't eaten since dinner  after the test let's go eat pizza and lotsa ice creeeam!!!
my family is on the mile right now without me  noo free lobster &amp; shrimp cocktail for me smfh!
i can really go for some buffalo wings and a nice juicy hamburger..... 
eatin some good fish cake.. i really miss being back home 
Since I can't get any newly smoked meat @bobbernier ....I'll have to order take-out......sigh 
mistranslating gabi (taro) to yam (ube) = purple sinigang (sour soup)  http://plurk.com/p/yylvk
@sPraize_22 i love red lobster i want some 
@TayloreMadeCeo soup on u? I like campbells vegetarian veggie....I think I have the flu 
Trying to recover from the worst experience of food poisoning ever!! 
58 packages of fruit snacks and a dozen group maps later, vaca is almost over 
The graduation party was a success...but we have about 15 POUNDS of potato salad left 
Just had &quot;country style dinner&quot; cat food and I have wiggle butt now! 
has eaten four cheese burgers and *sigh* a soda.  I was doing so well...
@LouiseRoss unfortunately, so many gf food/items are  
@mrskutcher i'm a social worker who sometimes cleans out my own freezer and takes the food to my poorest clients..aint that america..sad 
I'm so sunburnt  I look like a lobster!!! It's awful.
I burnt myself trying to put bread in the oven  one loaf is now not fluffy D:
i look like a lobster  and it hurtsssss...!!!
@AthenaChristine i'm out of bread 
Just ate a big ol' jalapeno pepper. I thought it was a slice of cucumber. 
@caleb_fry I WANT TO 
@robromoni bring me soup 
@Kabones I'm not sure a pizza one would work out that well, to be honest.  Congealed pizza grease = epic fail.  
@choumaiu my aunt only bought one of those meals- 1 pc chicken w/ spaghetti.  but! fear not- we'll hit up jolibees one day.
I put buggers on the grill only to realize I have no buns or bread 
@crent00 i need you to run to sonic for me...and mayyybe get some chili-cheese fries from cookout while you're at it. 
Belly so full of delicious Italian food, but belly not feel so good now. 
@MsTeagan The downside to a homecooked meal. The dishes. 
Is a red lobster 
@Saresa I'd do it, but I'm fresh out of ham. 
Cooking hamburgers on the stove .. I'm not good at it because I'm eating them in pieces ..  There suppose to be patties 
@jovlind why you haven't faxed my slice of pizza yet? 
@hittingtheroad That's one of my comfort food combos - except for the whatamess part. 
Why oh why must the chinese food restaurants near my hotel all be closed 
I am seriously craving some egg salad. 
@dawubbies I want some shrimp and grits 
 I don't think I was wrong no matter what nobody says I really didn't want da bread I just wanted my pancakes didn't want to waist da food
I have successfully burnt every meal i have tried to cook today ~ bacon and egg muffins for b/f, focaccia at lunch, and now a burnt cake! 
epic fail...just broke one of my pearl gray fiesta ware soup bowls 
@ohsojelly I want wanton soup too! I'm really starving here. 
is getting soup everywhere. 
@keeda awzm! i want pot rice now! 
I mite hafta cook rice. But perhaps later. But am hungry  http://plurk.com/p/z0f8o
dosas and chutney were a big no 4 me until when i sit here in frnt of tis bland cheese omellete and butter sesame rolls- i miss home 
@shashamarissa i woke up today with a craving for spaghetti bolognese 
@kirsty_gilfo roast chicken sandwich w' side of fries (yum!) &amp; papardelle w' rabbit. asked for no parsley, but there was parsley thru it 
@pkandrosy noo  but he brought me food haha.
Idiota put beef on my nachos!! 
I was trying to be good. I really was. I was trying to stay away from the chicken.  
not the best weather for bbq  !! however the meat is ready and i would`nt want to spoil it. wish me luck!
@brystalJONES got the burrito. No rice. 
I can't tell if the pumpkin soup I made is too bland cause I burnt my mouth and don't seem to have any taste buds left 
couldn't even wat 10 chips 
Ah just sliced my finger open on a tin of tuna and nearly bleed to death... Now I'm in pain and the tuna is ruined 
what should i eat?! 
awful weather, apparently the oven is broken in the kitchen so no bacon and egg sammich for me today... gutted 
 one of the main ingredients on masterchef is quail. I have eleven pet quails. I feel sick.
my fish just died 
I like to eat eat eat apples and bananas i like to eat eat eat apples and bananas  i am so bored i need to be entertained haha lol tha ...
@misslaic I dont think its of the bacon variety. I think it's of the food poisoning/gastro variety. Which completely sucks 
@amykate wow nice spread! I do mean the food. and me without an invite 
my tummy has been acting weird since i went to manila. prob because of rich food &amp; too much alcohol. finally decided to take Seirogan! 
i ate a mountain of rice. with 1 big block of salmon and one gathering of vegetables.with one fried sunny side egg. but i dont feel full. 
The oven fucked up my pizza. It doesn't taste right 
my fish is not happy 
@chalkasian not really &quot;rice guilt&quot;, more &quot;calorie guilt&quot;.  veggies: 140, rice: 480!   The rest of the dish was almost 1000 more though 
@Sadiealice there two other awful ingredients in that too. I hate them.. hate them more after 4 of them... 
Just had an omlette! Not a fan of eggs but dads good in the kitchen and we need to go shopping so there is no food in the house 
i'm hungry but there's no food here  just some snacks. i need rice, not snack
@helmet4head club sandwiches?? eat the damn meatballs!!!! when are you back   have fun and be safe!!
burnt pie = gross well the burnt bits are 
I'm going to breakfast to drink soup? 
at charlottes. her noodles smell yummy, but she just informed me they av all been digested 
we found the crab..... 
can't stop eating.i love food! hiks 
Absolutely starved, all I want is a sausage and egg mcmuffin and breakfast is over 
headache + hunger =   must go eat and hydrate.
@NikFreeman ok I hate u right now! Lol I want food  I'm at softball game n no delis around
Cheerios for breakfast... a poor substitute for bacon....    
@baalit I agree but the squid does not. 
why isn't there anymore A&amp;W here? misses the rootbeet float and curly fries 
i really want a carls jr portobello mushroom 6 dollar burger...but i want it made with soy and not meat 
food shopping is making me very hungry 
@thebeebs kool ;) ...   i go get food now - i have to leave the computa 
@Peeks I made an extra cheese playlist to keep myself awake and now it's ruined!!! 
Someone ate my chicken corn chowder 
i am jealous @ashleytisdale she's in italy now i miss italy , italian fans and italian foods 
@ImfromEssex I think me and you may fall out  Lol.  just made myself a lasagne - not the same though. 
ate 2 burgers in a row.. i really need to control my eating habits. i'm fat already. 
i need food 
 i has to do the dishes 
food replacement went shit..replaced it back with more food  x
@EmmyATL I'm making food. food keeps me awake. unless i get full, then I'll fall asleep 
@interjection biscuits.  and i want some 
never watch the food network when you're hungry. 
@crispynoodles  And you are all foodie too. That is terrible 
@susysu Can I have some...  feeling cold after my walk and need some food 
Craving a cheeseburger, but can't have one since I'm on a diet. 
ronja and alex are gone!!  my mom don't want to make me some food!! i haven't eat something since breakfast! hungry! :S
washin dishes 
no more fast food for me  ugh
@astarrynite07 yeah! it was disappointing. I'd try the dumplings again but the squid was dreadful, really spongy batter &amp; poor seasoning 
I just spent my last five bucks on a sandwich I didn't eat  meh http://myloc.me/2VKj
http://twitpic.com/6ua5o - this is what they call a mini pepperoni pizza. i don't see like any pepperoni 
Eating all my perishable food before I leave the day job, because the food would perish in the lab 
is hungry but cant eat my toast 
I ate too much yummie food, can't move anymore.. haha! Tummyache now 
forgot about the lactose theory and snacked on leftover cheese quesadilla. super unhappy belly. 
argh i feel sick, eaten too many grapes  hows every1 feeling 
I'm at the coffee shop in town and the women sitting next to me are talking about kidney burgers and lamb....I think I might throw up 
I feel sick, i feel hung over, I am hungry and i can smell thick gravy O_O ... yummmy 
At wendy's  still eating junk food ! LOL
kicking myself for having a greasy takeout 
I'm hungry  there's no food here!!!
macaroni and meatballs missing my boo 
i hate is when pizza has too much cheese on 
@MTVBuzzworthy im sorry about the food poisoning.  i hope you feel better!
latkes for one i have gotten use to latkes w/o salt why bother 
@joeTHEstrange I guess technology ain't so sweet now, can't send noodles 
My mom said she was making steak. There was no steak. I want steak. 
At this bombass mexican food resty but I can't eat nathen from here 
@ccsilva2 @HiddenErin @jesslina @sky327 @cejohns12 I RESISTED! I had chicken tortilla soup and water, but I wanted it BADLY! 
I ate chips today and got a tummy ache. this is why I don't eat junk food 
@chicken_cookie  hope it sorts itself out
gasp! meat &amp; seafood often treated w sodium tripolyphosphate so food retains moisture &amp; shelf life extended. thx wkpdia 
ive had some food now i have the sneezies  lol
@shaysevenfold lmfao, tweetdeck gives me boners  and i would trade ten cream eggs for one cuppa right now!!!
@micropreemies frost killed off all my tomatoes and peppers last night 
@NewerDeal But if I point them down I can't see what they are when I need a knife/fork/spoon out of the drainer 
I spilled hot soup on my arm. 
why do they make healthy food so expensive? I want to eat sugar snap peas everyday almost, but each bag is almost 3 bucks!  grrrr....
I miss Bavarian food 
just had a burrito and it wasn't that great. 
@pcassle I respect opinion and I'm disappointed you needed to vent further, I recooked,visited table, and bought the steak? why this now? 
@vegnotes I had a veggie burger earlier that didn't impress me much... so i feel you. 
JoiDlove ughhh again first soggy fries now hot sausages 
I'd come bring you food if i could 
on sum peach cobbler cumin up i didn't make none yesterday  sighs
I don't have sherry for my crab bisque. 
I hate pizza pizza  and I hate tottenham.... I wan to cone live with you 
I was sick yesterday in work due to an off egg and cress sandwich 
@TeN, too bad! i love it with crusty bread and pesto 
@iminlatrick again, why do you always have bomb food and never share it? 
My poor baby, he just acts like never eats. I need to get him some more rice cereal &amp; babyfood 
I miss being able to eat tamales 
Hahahhaha i just realized I don't know how to steam broccoli! 
listening to screaming kids eating chips with some bomb ass salsa and Angielisa just spilled the chips 
on break eating a lean pocket...chicken broccoli white pizza yummm  no 1 back here to talk to tho.
My cantaloupe is icky and I'm almost out of hummus. This saddens me 
@popeteni really? im about to leave cause they dont have the soup! 
it hurts to swallow food. 
I just bought two homeless guys a plate of food 
@injerarufus Clearly not!  I used to make truly delish porridge with some small-seeded grain. Not quinoa, but similar. Wish I cd remember 
@acummings it was good although the $5 special is only pepperoni. Unfortunately they skimped on the sauce 
Waiting for my sandwich while watching a lady sweep away a roach... 
@whatitladue yo do you need some soup buddy? 
is hungry... no food at the crib 
@NattyVee I voted green, can I keep my tofu and mushroom pasty? 
Eating some good beef jerky but no rice 
papa jihns customer appreciation day. i wanted to be the giant slice of pizza. 
@xraytid lol! The pizza by me is nasty. 
@MaggieStar967 try their dinners, favorite here little italian...linguine, garlic olio, shrimp and brocolli...I just eat salad these days 
@websoup why can't anyone get soup / web soup new / old designations right! i just missed it because it was labeled as a repeat 
@anidem jealous  eat it in memory of the chief
low-grade turkey burgers don't bbq up very well.  
Fresh grilled taco meat deliciousness....I'm going to miss our grill   http://twitpic.com/6vmtr
I think I got food poisoning 
well i guess i'm not making rice balls tonight ;-; my kitchen has been invaded 
I cut myself 4 times with the lemon slicer 
since i can't have pork chops i'll settle for steak  @niquejones
i want some red lobster biscuits... 
fried rice and fried chicken 
Y do restaurant salads taste better than mi homemade salads  no fair
@QthePirate go eat some for me 
@roccodispirito And also, i use quinoa noodles...taste like the white flour stuff; wheaty products r so gummy tasting 
arghh feeling so sick from no food or sleep! 
now owes someone 20 bucks and cocoa rice krispy treats.  damn lakers. haha
me to server at family restaurant: &quot;my salad is gritty with dirt or sand&quot; server reply: &quot;yep, sometimes they don't wash the lettuce well&quot; 
even the salad dressing was heated.  It was a gross mess. 
Just cooked a steak.... over salted 
French onion soup is full of delicious win. Also, I miss college so badly 
i want me some ramen. but its too late 
ate too much 
@jharrang mmm i wanted to make spinach ravioli [surprisingly good] tonight but i was afraid to boil water on my sketchy stove.  sadness.
@pinkhibiscusoz  ive been there too,i know its trying but its for the best in the long run! I had a quiche that wasnt great too 
I have the munchies 
 I want the ham sandwich now, but diannaaaa is making me play pokemon.
no good food = lys 
Just woke up, Goodafternoon! I'm now off to do some grocery shopping! No more food in the fridge 
@bigced iounno. just food. burgers, fries, stuff that i shouldn't be eating. 
@EatingAsia we had the noodle thing made with all the diff bits, a v fishy fish curry and a delicious biryani. They ran out of a lot 
@foolishpoolish My stone cracked when I put it under the broiler  still works for loaves though.
home alone all weekend. my mama gave me $$$ for food. and what do i do with it? buy alcohol. I'M HUNGRYYYYY  i kinda want..... sushi. haha
going to soccer soon. BUT I must wait for my stinkin pot of water to start boiling until I can eat some mac &amp; cheese! 
#iremember  when freddo bars were still 10p  and when you could do the egg and spoon race, (health and safety stopped that)
I hate it when I get cravings for steak. I haven't had red meat in 3 years and I know my stomach wouldn't be able to handle it. 
is recovering from food poisoning 
@jadledee YUM, i havnt had any pudding 
@mattcollinsongs bad music taste?? 
@SatanzMantra do they have IT!!! I am tired of eating these 2 inch thick slob of oil these chaps call dosa! I want the crispy one 
trying to figure out how to eat chops without tomato sauce 
today, restaurant city robbed me of my daily free ingredient + my daily food quiz opportunity to get another free ingredient 
is peeling like a mad lady, false tan smells of beef &amp; onions 
Just dropped an omelette right in my lap! 
@bedlington84 lucky you! we have rice cakes or else nothing 
@ASilverDream she is a little piggy and eats whatever the weather - food is her weakness 
I was wondering why my spaghetti is taking so long to cook...maybe if I had the right hotplate on!! I am not australia's next masterchef 
@seanpaull A little burn't would be an understatement. I look like a lobster and it hurts  x
Wow! I'm craving curry now 
I hate the last bowl of a box or cereal. It's like eating crunchy dust 
@MimRyan @garrymurray901 did u take the noodles n chicken  i have to settle for havanas finest...shite noodles in different language
@garrymurray901 did u take the noodles n chicken  i have to settle for havanas finest...shite noodles in different language
had a great day today even if i did burn my tongue on the hot frid pork dumplings ouch 
I burnt my tongue on salsa yesterday and it still hurts.   At least they were good nachos!
i think the vinegar on my chips has gone off - it smells funny 
just had lunch. the soup was salty 
@clasaa123 The idea of seal meat makes me 
@rla21 I am sorry to report that it is not quite as solid a choice as it could be, as it is a burger not a custard cream 
@frak left the tins of beans at home 
too many chips! 
drowning in tomato soup....  hayfevers killing me!
Enjoying a cheese and spring onion sandwich.. I got up a bit late again. 
@kateesslemont There is no food to be had 
i am not enjoying this soup at all 
@amaranthac: just had lunch, but the swan had eaten all my bread 
Thinking hungry.  But not inspired by any food in my fridge, or even by a trip to the deli.  
I need proper food! I'm sick of toast and tea 
So many foods in here, but I don't feel like eating any of it 
Finished eating, I don't think I'm full already 
A big piece of sheperd's pie, chicken soup plus a large fruit tart all in one evening = A very sick me. 
@slashtommy: 'Tis! I only used a little bit of hollandaise, which was the only sauce with an all-green pie, and fish which was the same. 
@anhonestpuck *jealous* All I've got is instant tomato soup 
It sucks when you want a bacon egg n cheese REALLY bad and your running late 
disappointed w/ the taste of the bakso,not as good as I recall.  but I had fun @ papaya's supermarket! the food is 50% off after 7pm!!wow!
my pizza tastes like shit actually...though it's my favorite kind of pizza. ugh. i'm pissed 
just got thru eating breakfast,i think i am gonna stop eating pork but i just can't stomach turkey bacon or sausage 
@fabphotogifts  Not straight from the fridge as advertised, it just rips the bread apart and sits on the knife like putty 
I can't eat food 
I left my bagel unattended because I had to see to my dad's tantrum of the hour, and my cats started eating the cream cheese. 
@pembteaco Sadly mine is flour, raisins and a pile of dirty dishes 
My fish died... 
@dhbossy ewww hate nasty fries lol 
@FriedWontons4u i adore soy sauce and fish sauce 
eating some well tasty pasta and wishing it wasnt raining 
washing dishes. 
@josierodgers peppers make my stomach hurt  but i'm with you on the tofu scramble part!
@BrentLauren its &quot;customized&quot; to my body type... its like greens egg whites tuna boiled chicken or turkey brown rice no dairy no sugar 
food poisoning 
About to brunch and my sandwich has no flavor 
just had a ham and cheese sandwhich for breakfast, since one of my roommates threw out my peanut butter 
@norman_yeo i miss your food! 
@bethdonald I'm at school still.  How did your diet go? I had a nectarine and some lettuce. (y)
 cheese and pickle sandwich with too much pickle = urgh!!
I just ate some broccoli. 
I miss fruit soup. Lots. And I don't even remember everything that goes it it! 
ate to much 
I want food but I have to wait to get my check 
@SummerTheKid I ate more that I should've today, just 'cause I was ill  I had a bowl of cereal, a sandwich and a banana.
I'm starving *ughh, however consuming food this late=no good 
@eroticKa ohman I wanted that last night w/lettuce for dinner ! (But I had no bread&lt;--not money actual bread) 
Just ate a chicken salad....my tummy hurts 
not diggin' the pickles on the egg salad sandwich as much as I thought I would. 
Eating lunch..chicken tenders and fries..i miss my sweetie 
Watching diners drive ins and dives... Now i am starving 
tengo hambre !   @adrigabz i need food! bring it! ;P
i wish jonathan cook and caleb turman would come back to nashville along with the rest of ftsk.! 
just got back from my cruise. i still feel like i'm rocking. i miss the dolphins and the free food! 
@Hardtarget I'm going to be good and avoid the delicious bread sticks and that new lasagna roll up chicken thing they've been advertising 
i hate disappointing food 
just had some leftover pizza for lunch and apperently my stomach did want pizza  layin still till it digests.
damn kidney infection  someone bring me juice and soup pleeeeease. 
dinner and chips ... omg I'll be fat .... tennis was very good ... but i look like a wet dog 
bleeeh...bored...my entertainment. (the bean pie) is sleeping 
It's not even lunch yet but I want some ramen 
needs some romano cheese for my pasta. 
@faffypants yeah....crazy is def the word for it. I like my junk food.  And it shows. Changes def need to be made.
@dawnab33 @tsukino_aiko it was tasty ...but I should have stayed away from the fries and bun   I have no willpower 
I'm sooooooo hungry  any food donations
kitchen lame yo, bk wit wheat sandwich, tin sausage, cheese, onion, pepper, but no lettuce  n i cant touch da salad &amp; jus more tang
i honestly have the worst eating habits ever. I need to change that but it's so hard not to be tempted by crap food 
feel victim to the takeaway menu 
has just fell victim to the takeaway menu 
i am doing rice..but .. i think it sucks 
Off to do some healthy food shopping and to donate my unhealthy good tasting food to someone who can use it (Tears in eyes) 
too full to finish noodles. oh noes 
@BrookeJasmyn lol there is no steam to be had on the lake..I think their grilling chicken 
@flapjack50 I really thought after they got in your veg patch you would have had some  mine had 2 eggs on the ground then boxes after x
Also, the omelette I tried to make turned into scrambled eggs 
just made stuffed baby aubergines and potatoes sabjee/curry. my mom will be proud but it's taking a while too cook... 
its going to be a sad moment when I go home and eat that last choc rice krispie treat  i'm already sad just thinking about it!
i didnt like my potatoes 
My fries are cold 
burnt my tongue on soup...now i need popsicles 
At paiges, we're not going to get sushi as planned 
@kwanchino16 i love thai veggie dishes, they are so good you don't miss the meat. sadly san leandro/coliseum area lacks in good food 
I should have made some hard boiled eggs for this tuna salad.  I also would have liked sunflower seeds in it but don't have any. 
@larryclow @CinemaSuicide I couldn't do it, I hate vegetables, and I don't know how to cook them so they taste good 
I never turn down free food, I just forgot it was there.  
is eating her last piece of solid food and nice food..im going to miss cake and food u have to chew  x
@ in&amp;out getting a 4x4 with grilled onions because i hate regular onions and because all I had for breakpast was a protein shake 
In bed with a burning hot laptop and no food makes Geii unhappy 
@KentGoldings  all I have is a sandwich...
i need a new belly. this current one ate a bad roast beef sandwich and is suffering. 
NO farms NO food... 
this tomato soup tastes like butt 
I want some food 
@djmrillmatic lmaoo i kno i kno, i only eat bacon, pepperonis, n some times ham. i was raised not ta eat it 
Sitting on the floor at my aunt's eating Krystals. I miss Krystals 
I need to go on a diet..no more snacks  need to turn some fat into muscle.
These buffalo chips are not helping this buffalo sauce craving 
With 2 menz in da house, it's meat meat and more meat - this diet is killing me 
chips and a lamington. i keep forgetting to get cash out for morning V. so im Vless 
thought i had a setup to get some tuna, but turned out i was wrong. 
damn and I'm still craving for pho  haha
F! Now I know why i'm scared of moving to moms, there's always amazing food 
@bkgirl68 I miss your cooking already I'm starving 
snacked on one too many cucumber slices.  i feel sick  haha
@DjStreetzzSDM not that i know of  not much up here period but i was thinking about pork chops earlier that might be it
microwaved mac &amp; cheese + cold coffee = best dinner ever... 
@KarenAlloy more power to you.. I tried eating boca burgers.. Really I did and they can not compare  its said since they are so much h ...
@amiestuart I have no weird food reactions. Too bad...'cause I have no excuse not to eat bad food. 
@FuckingAllen i want sushi! 
i do not like my cooking. food taste much better when someone else makes it for me 
Just had a small bowl of whole grain cereal...for the sweet craving! Now some squats 
@Makeleki I want tacos! 
Even the spicy food from Boxo is revoltingly bland. 
is waiting to see what @magent4awesome is bringing back from whole foods!! my tummy hurts and i need some food! 
@blaqkmajik fat as ever! I guess he eats all of peppers food  big meanie cutiehead!
@imfreddiemac I'm hot! And my food aint done yet 
@freaknique if that's ranch on the salad and butter on the bread that's no good! 
@bree_marchelle i have no money and no food in the house  cereal it is
@lunchonlauren Its at 930...and i wont be able to eat lunchables.  
Feeling really guilty about the cheese sticks i just ate 
I really have to stop going out to eat for dinner - too much rich food, not enough healthy veggies 
Beginning to hard boil some eggs... Accidentally dropped the carton and broke three eggs. 
goin for breakfast... hopefully there won't be any bread to disappoint me 
recovering from food poisoning...gah, a fate i would not wish on my worst enemy 
so upset i down graded  i love my juicy wallet
hey guys. I love italy. sorry.  however, i miss mexican food 
Man such a late day, I feeling worse as well  definitely going food shopping again tomorrow to make veggie miso soup
@laurennmcc The bread was damned good too. 
@AntGotSteeZ its so gross lol i hate any kind of asian food.  im the only one who doesnt eat sushi 
microwave popped kettle corn is not the same as the ones popped from the kettle at the farmer's market! unsatisfied 
I over-seasoned the potatoes 
Last meal of mama's food 
Eating nasi sambal goreng now. It's my baby's favourite food. I miss eating with him. 
@MusicalFool2468 I want a rice crispy treat 
I keep eating junk food 
@lyprulz Rimming shrimp 
I just want to stop thinking about food 
eating at b-dubs always makes me ill (everything fried in beef tallow) and yet I always forget and eat there. 
@SashaKane looks yummy! bud we can't eats no gluten in our house 
I have a massive craving for proper English junk food. All I want is some hula hoops, monster munch, buttons, malteesers and....more!!! 
@limecello LOL, I blogged about crayons over on The Samhellion last week. (worked in crayon factory).  snack food=rice cake, not exciting 
We're out of food  l0l
....But I will eat a slice of pizza and put myself in a 400 calorie hole 
going to start eating healthy.. no more mayonnaise &amp; cheese sandwiches 
craving a toasted plain bagel with cream cheese, tomatoes, and lox from the jewish deli on the upper west side. i miss new york. 
http://twitpic.com/7ikdc - corner hindley and leigh street...looking for food! sushi again...really have to make my own lunches 
@GennaGirl  One friend had steak and crab, another had chicken, I had a fricken frozen pizza.
I'm watching bizarre foods - australia. It's not that bizarre. I'd now like some vegemite on toast. But i'd mostly like to feel better 
junk food is the devil 
@dahunnitoya come here ill feed you some strawberries and grapes lol. you always want food off me  lol haha use me for my food rofl
need food. just tried to spell 'loud' as 'load'. my brain isn't working so well 
I got really excited when I saw prawns in the transparent bowl..... turned out to be tomatoes 
I love shrimp. I can actually cook some mean shrimp. But I hate holding its squshiness. 
soup for tea. lovely stuff straight from a plastic bowl in the cupboard 
no food  I'm bored again
going to have Poha with tea in the evening !!! but the just thought of it is making me feel damn hungry nw only ... 
is at college.. wants her sausage egg and tom sarny thoo 
im finding food before i turn nasty 
ugh, think I accidentally ate a piece of a chili with some potatoes for lunch. mouth is hot 
is a carbohydrate pig! pasta for a whole week 
I'm hungry and there is no food 
just finished my takoyaki but still hungry 
am trying to come up with an effective diet plan.. but i can't resist eating yummy snacks. 
i Feeel porridgy  craving for more and more porridge. Hashmina too!
that went down so quickly  want another wimpy cheese burger - love their acidic tomato sauce
i'm on an eating spree  i'm havin lays &amp; bueno now.
@caitlyndewar ta babs - I've got food poisoning 
Shouldnt have eaten that string cheese... 
I really really feel like eating marshmallows 
roommate annoys me. is it necessary to show off your weird cooking?(sticky rice+egg+veg+CHEESE) WTF u dont eat cheese with rice! 
@bubith YOU sed i could harvest you're onions 
Is craving for lasagne!  very very badly..
@kthxx lmao, how does that make me happy, i dont eat donuts anymore  so im jelous. before u ask its cause of my diet
@daikoren Chicken, spaghetti, fries, and a cheeseburger. :| I want to throw up. 
I had prawn noodles at noon, a soup + salad 3 hours later + I just had a wanton mee!!! It's not even 7pm 
At fasta pasta waiting on order, hot guy across from me checking me out.... I wish 
@oldiesclub we can't get tacos like these here  how can you justify that also ?
suddenly not feeling well. want to go home.  http://plurk.com/p/11buko
lunch: just had chili con carne without chili and carne 
@TownHallSteps1 haha i know! i wanted lasagne but ended up with pizza  lol
No lunch today  They only had pork or junkfood... guess I'll go hungry.
dropped my corndog on the ground  ....eating it anyway
@Stodge the texture of the chicken was like squid  i bought it from a shop so it was refridgerated
@madradish You're killing me!! There's not even any cooking chocolate to be had here  I wasn't very well prepared.
food poisoning!!! 
@LeelooDogBlog i think its called 'expensive' taste.  I dont think we have it 
i want real food 
@hiddenstar13 awww but food is good! could do with some icecream myself  but we don't have any  
@_mills_ I know  I can only thing they were breaking too many food processors. They weren't exactly gentle...
Tired and annoyed with self for eating chocolate. So much for another stone b4 turkey 
my lunch porridge all over my bag, i accidentally drop my water bottle:whole pantry in flood, and my car key in crazy mood 
@geezlweez i cant find seitan up here  im jealous!!
is tryin to take care of myself  ! tissue, tea, n ramen noodles (no soup lol).. now i need to b rubbed 
@mingling25 yea it's the bread, its all good I had a fiber protein shake...keeping this six pack is hard work 
OK.. see, i wanted to lose fats, so i jog 30min all sweaty, then i shower, and had dinner... and finished up the food 
If I had a maid I would tell her to do my dishes now..but reality is I don't have one so I'm doing dishes 
I want sum guacamole and chips for breakfast...so sad 
@gimchoa i love sushi  and salmon sashimi...but there was a tapeworm outbreak somewhere recently. groooosssscary
I burnt the rice. 
@pklai i thot so too until i have this cramp. hope it isnt food poisoning 
About to go to get soup; I'm sick 
@DaThirdEye no food 
@mmmmelissa where is it and how late does it run? I'm all out of bread and vegetables! 
is really disappointed w/ ichiban's sushi 
@SnoopyTattoo217 lasagna is no fun without cheese.    tofu would be good in that, though.
so unmotivated... making slamming this yummy lasagna will help 
Is cheeseless... 
My oatmeal exploded in the microwave! That's what I get for trusting instant 
@thomasmmm ayuz! i had kfc chicken fillet sandwich lang. boring 
@mediaphyter tell them I decided to try a pizza there after their rebranding and it was not very good, It was a very uninspired taste 
@HankBobBBQ no curry in my pantry 
@DearMiami I wish I'd had a mint feast 
They didn't have the veggie patties  @CapriciousLove
@mmmmmburgerrrrr you eating good food, me not so much 
@opinionatedlady That is exactly what I had!  They weren't fully cooked and they forgot my sauce. 
huge craving for macs! shall order mcdelivery for lunch tmrw! should i cook noodles now?? can't sleep and i'm hungry 
I'm siiiick  need soup!
My burger king coke tastes like purrrrrfume 
My eggs are smaller than they should be 
@LBJsBrownBag that sounds yummy, i'm having a salad too... If i knew all the ingredients in english i'd tell you about it, but i don't.. 
@lynseyy i think it's indian food 
I has a kitty in my lap but all he wants is my food. 
ate a burger in mcdonalds.... still hungry. 
@KingKangNYC @posid @ctburners @btmate i guess the girls arent invited on this glorious burger/pork outing? 
Headed to work soon  luckily &quot;work&quot; today consists of making my home-made pasta sauce &amp; meatballs!
@ericbuffalo   the sauce was too sweet.  not enough acid to balance flavors.  2 much breading, not enough ckn. noodles were mushy.  
i want a bomb lumberjack breakfast date with creamy &amp;adri 
has made the bread, and is studying more law 
@deanareyes  do you need me to bring you some ramen?
@stkyrice I always stick to rice porridge (okayu) when my tummy is queasy. 
fancies some food - but there is bugger all in the cuboards 
Just had a very small bowl of pasta  for tea.  Feeling really fragile again 
ive got that stupid feeling where you want to eat eat eat but your not even hungry  
reaching for my protein bar yet the yummy food smells coming in from the restaurant next door are making it look less appetizing 
@gingerrogerz awww damn  it was muy delicioso!! i threw some turkey bacon n onion rangs on that bitch! lol
was able to mush down a sandwich &amp; eat it. this sucks 
school was boring without carlos  ordered pizza bout eat.
@PhreddieDecker She likes a lot seafood, boneless/skinless meat, starches and stuff. It's limiting tho 
Just dribbled pea soup down the front of my shirt. 
i am eating fried chicken.  
waffles, omlette, bacon, juice....typical breakfast when mom comes to town and cleans my place. wish the circumstances were different 
@xmannyboix I want one  but I think I'm going to have some eggs right now mmmmmmmmm
Still wanting jelly beans and a monster 
Decided NOT to have a corndog and curly fries for lunch, but instead a grilled shrimp salad.  Not so tasty 
I buy one survivalist book on amazon and all they want to sell me are knives and MREs 
I really want a 12.00 soup and salad combo from the nordstrom cafe..... I can't fit that into my budget 
i just got high in the garage with my mom : / . now i'm eating a bagel with cream cheese...totally screwing up my diet  .
Ugh no food! 
I wish i had some food. 
I'm still a bit bummed that I failed @ fried rice last night. I've disgraced an ancient asian recipe; just don't tell my mom about it. 
@anakristina omg, when I was younger I couldn't even handle the mild chicken because my family put it in the same box as the spicy 
A torta isn't the same when you're not high 
Trying a new way to make tomato-free pizza. I REALLY miss tomatoes!! 
I want halibut and chips from ivars!!!! 
just had some pizza from schlotzsky's. i only ate half and i'm SO full.  i'm losing my eating touch.
The cheese I got @SarawithanR lost its squeak 
I want food 
i am so not hungry for a grilled cheese sandwhich...why is there nothing else to eat in the kitchen?  i will survive!
@whatcd probably not as tasty though... 
I want a donair 
is hungry... all i ate was a grilled cheese sandwich earlier 
@brokerkathy i didn't eat a pickle today went to lunch @ Bojangles &amp; they don't have pickles 
I'm so down for a pasta bread bowl right now 
Eating spicy super noodles and watching more smallville...only 6 episodes left of this season 
@eneni @miispuffie I hate y'all because you have access to party rice and I don't  I got hungry thinking about it's orangey goodness lol
@imcudi I ordered a pizza &amp; asked for triple extra cheese and now I'm in the same predicament 
@asidat  well done mate! i've been trying my hand at cooking some sardines but keep burning the onions and masala!!  trial and error...
never found that piece of the fork in my food again, therefore definitely ate it 
tortilla chips w\ habanero hot sauce. I'm in pain.  (love it!)
@beth_warren Really? I regret that you live so far away.  Wish I could enjoy all that delicious you food you talk about.
@beschbach You guys and all this stuff, I feel guilty eating egg whites for dinner even 
dinner fail  gluten free alfredo was nasty and my microwave pancakes centers stayed cold even after 2 mins .. hungry AND lonely now. 
is jealous because @vinocarlion is having spicy tuna wraps &amp; won't bring me none 
My cousin needs to stop having indigestion!! He smells like eggs.. 
All I want is a grilled chicken salad... That's it.  too much 2 ask for??
My teacher says I will have buns of steel when this is all over.  I predict I will have no buns at all if I keep this up. 
i want to eat pizza , tacos or something like that!! but im on diet 
3 Crowns tomorrow....I'm scurd...big fat chicken me.  
@preparednesspro Gotta prepare for lack of our favorite food, right? Cheese doesn't keep so well, though.  #gno
@kaylahoh dishes suck  im sorry boo ski
I hate it when I come back to the rice cooker 30min after putting in rice only to find out I never pressed start, esp. when I'm hungry!! 
@LashyBKLYN I want some alfredo .... u should come up north with me! 
...afraid I'll get nightmares...they say eating cheese before bed can have that effect  no more ravioli with grilled cheese for me...
@philwest64 i love kabobs ... never eat them anymore though 
I am so hungry. I wish someone would feed me instead of me about to wander into the kitchen and eat cereal. again. 
@enchilada93: she is ignoring me. 
@ValenciaJD asian food makes you feel terrible? 
@eklektick it took me forever to figure out what to order. I ended up getting tilapia and it was so thin and flat and my rice sucked too 
Watching @Hepnova at #ignitephx while eating a bag salad that is probably full of chemicals 
missing jewish mexican food right now 
Oh wow. Just figured out how old those leftovers were. Probably shouldn't have eaten that 
- introducing Rebreada Breadhorn, thanks to my obsession with bread and overconsumption of it for lunch...feel sick now 
@89theBrainchild : noo, i got my mexican food so I cooled off on that (for now) lol BUT. no velvet 
My first lesson of being a vegetarian: always supplement the nutrients you loose from meat. 
Choking on a fry 
...day 2 of vegetarianism... so far so good... but not many options for me since i'm allergic to onions... 
I ate a whole pizza to myself... that was over 4 hours ago and I still can't move without the feeling of throwing up my entire pizza! 
i want pizza! yum that would be good. but ill be a good girl and eat an apple. NAWTTT. burrito . i miss him 
So disappointed, what I thought to be an apple pie on the cupboard when I got home tonight, turned out to be some sort of meat pie. 
I'm in love with snickerdoodle cookie from whole foods we see each other almost every day. I'm going to turn into a fat ass 
raw shrimp on my plate moved...but no witnesses 
Disappointed! My pitas AND the bread I hadn't opened yet both grew mold.  What a waste.
argh fast food is so hard 
car oil change -32$, grocery shopping -30$, lunch -12$, ice cream -3$, i officially have no more money 
car oil change -32$, grocery shopping -30$, lunch -12$, ice cream -3$, redbox -2, i officially have no more money 
car oil change -32$, grocery shopping -30$, lunch -12$, ice cream -3$, redbox -2$, i officially have no more money 
On a food binge 
Ohsomuch chili in the belly. Not sure there is space left for cherries.  
Applebees  and no food  
Doing the dishes!  Not cool.  
Its 0415 sittin havin lunch - cheese + tomato sandwich, monster munch, apple + bottle water - hardly gourmet is it? 
I want chips 
@chiefie /sigh disappointed at the extreme amount of feta in my salad 
I don't get vegetarians. 4 my 2nd day meat/sweet fast I had salad 4 lunch salad 4 dinner and broccoli 4 desert - doesn't feel like I ate 
@vespertine77 toupe trumps peanuts.  you could wear it while poisoning the water cooler! (i'm big on poison today)
@RAEthoven i've read it, and you my pal, go hammmmy ham ham!! i just dont know what to talk about.. 
@misschat I know  it wld be he perfect snack after the wkout I just had...
@huntermoore I hate sushi 
It's safe to say that the smell of sweet chilli sauce in the office is more than I can cope with; particularly in this heat 
I want food... 
didn't feel like making dinner. figured i'd have oatmeal with raisins and almonds. sounded good at the time. hungry now 
@sjaeee I didn't get ither  where were you going to get sushi?
@ampersandrea well can u get it to me too..my fairy's wings have been plucked...he got bigger fish to fry than getting me music... 
I'm craving for junk foods... 
whats up with these mini foods!?!?!  smaller portions i guess???
I can't eat any more food until much later now 
@revious It's been sitting in some rice but I don't think it's going to do the trick 
I just got lost, ended up at a white hen to get chips and he made fun of me 
I think I ate some bad sushi 
@h3llbringer lol I think you have enough.. haha maybe I will have to invest on food more and start working out 
@steph526 i didn't. i had hot dogs and they gave me a headache. pretty much all food does though 
@kevinelliott I just threw out all the sushi 
kody only shared his chicken nuggets with steve.  poopy.
spilled soup on my phone and now it smells like onions 
Once again, food and shopping will make me happy 
@sugarmama34 I dunno, sounds pretty bad, but salt cod in water on top of the fridge for 2 weeks might take the prize 
I miss @zackalltimelow's curly fries  damn him lopping them all off.
I'm upset that the bagel place at moor street station has closed  I need food!
@taco_bell why did you remove the 7-layer nachos 
was going to have a sammic but we is out of bread 
bad day... baby turtle kicked the bucket.  I dropped a few tears but realized it was from the onion i chopped to make my delicious pasta
my pudding roti is a disaster 
@megsandbacon good plan. i'd offer you lasagna and a lounge but i only have a tiny little lasagna dish now. tash broke my big one 
i'm terribly hungwy,....but food is so far away from me...  
I really want sushi 
Throwing a hissy fit over off meat may be justified, but now I'm too scared to go back there. And I want choccie biscuits! 
The tomato sonoran spice pasta I grabbed the other day isn't bad. I just wish I had found a better sauce for it. 
@freshgreenbeans its almost an oxymoron, but those are two things that i love the most.....onions &amp; poetry. green beans.....not so much. 
to much yummy winter food + way to cold to go for a walk =  
@niftyandthrifty @lejjewellery @wyndwitch bum! That's kind of what dh said. The bowling alley sells crapo food for their parties though 
dear pantry thief, i was looking forward to eating that yoghurt 
....Suffering from food poisoning 
@megantbrooks What's wrong with pickles?  I love pickles. 
Too much junk food... Haha aaww I would but I'm actaully getting ready to go sleepy right now. I srry 
if i eat another piece of this broccoli for dinner, i will scream! it's disgusting, i feel like a cow chewing on green vegies! 
ben told me he had chicken in his salad and to try it but it was prawns  I don't like seafood 
just had dinner in the store...the chicken rice wasn't very nice 
@XikayRio I'm having noodles  can't find puto
barf..feeling so sick way too much fast food.. cheeseburger, sml fries, sundai, apple pie all in 4 hours..zomigawd can't eat fried food 
I ran out of taquito... 
got to see how using coconut oil effected my flapjacks with a taster session  then more housework 
I hate bad-tasting butter. Ruins a perfectly good round of toast 
@CrisiLouise just a shandy have lots of work to do this afternoon  but I am having a chili sausage
Just ate the best sandwhich ever, but is sad because it had chicken in  why does meat taste so good  x
Wondering why in the hell I ate that microwave burrito.. 
mmk so i have a really bad steak/ribs craving right nowww ughhhhhh please excuse me i'm not usually this carnivorous 
i love the meat but it don't love me 
I've been neglecting taking pics of my food 
burnt my pop tarts  I didn't bring any other breakfast to work this morning.  And I have no cash so the cafeteria is out.
ewww i ditn cook my macaroni proprely 
Oh man, food poisoning, possibly from old leftovers. I regret 
@MizzKT it is gross . . . I don't know what's attracting them, it's not like she left food out on her desk.  
famished!!! need some instant food gratification - or else i will never get moksha  - McDonalds here i come!!!
I get so flustered when ordering at an unfamiliar food locale 
Right before bed last night I ate a bowl full of pickles and then drank a cup of orange juice.  Now my stomach hates me.  
I think I smell like a french fry, and I'm not even @ work yet! 
@KeiaBoo haha. I'm eating my 1st meal 1 serving of oatmeal, I'm still missing my French toast with home fries onions &amp; peppers 
I've burnt my tounge with soup 
@frizzle_fry What?!? I missed pie?!? 
now wants sushi 
Correction...i was just informed that it wasnt a quail. It was a turkey 
@R4isStatic snack let down 
has given into the urge to eat a burger.... unfortunately the chain who claim to &quot;have it my way&quot; have failed to half the calories 
@Irizaurus Definitly to many bakeries, I think I got fatter. 
I need saltines, who wants to go to the store for me? I am all set with tea and sprite but no crackers. 
@veganboy yummmm. There's no whole foods close to me now, though 
Ugh, i'm such a fatty 
I put too much salt in my eggs 
i ate schnitzel for breakfast and now I have no food for lunch!  mmmm schnitzel
preparing food... the lady is still ill 
cobb salad is supposed to have bacon on it! stupid panera 
swam bout 3 miles right after having a bowl of oatmeal. Not a good idea 
Just finished the last of the ham salad... 
I wanted miso vegetable ramen sooo bad 
too much dressing on my salad  ugh!
onions are mean 
@Sachsy  it's hard to be asian and not eat salty food!
I ate pizza today - I will never eat pizza again - I hate pizza 
Hubs wants to go back to eating meat... I dont want to 
cooking for vegetarians is really hard. im going to accidentally poison them with meat and feel like a douche 
fell of the wagon..the diet wagon   just ate some darned potato chips.
@aburke8 I'm so jealous-all I had was leftovers 
My feet hurt   But I am looking forward to a nice pasta dinner and a glass of wine out in my garden 
@djm19 i burnt beans! beat that! 
is avoiding trying to work out the value of the food she threw away today after the fridge-freezer stopped working 
I hope to make roasted beet hummus today, but first... I MUST go to the gym.  
@NicholeAudrey afraid not - I don't eat much seafood. 
Eating raw veggies for lunch and I can smell someone having some nice meaty hot food I am so jealous 
@immelmo I didn't give up!! I just took a little chicken noodle soup break...and I don't think so. She has food without meat at home... 
feel very bloated and revolting. have now eaten an entire packet of dried apricots to try to clear my system out  not fun
@NaniWaialeale I had veggie yesterday I ate mcd chicken salad   and some in the office had pizza!
this tasty salad will have to do for now 
Just had half a turkey sandwich leftover from last night and waffles and still hungry! 
@Tableteer no  #bacon
@MissMikaela I wish there was more lumpia 
@woodmans_essex I miss fried clams 
Going hiking. I'm bringing my backpack. I don't know how to keep the frying pan from dragging on the ground 
@ehasselbeck the brown rice bread I got tasted like cardboard  I need your help!
I always feel so guilty eating fast food 
my fish died 
is hungry but I have no food 
just  ate,  the baked potato was yucky 
Trying to eat healthy but I really want to make sausage rice and mashed potatoes. 
@mattvig haha!(: i want some fried pickles  i aint had any in so longg.
@SpiderBabyBand so food they're remaking it 
@mykl4 i wish i had a pork chop! 
@torygaston Think of all the spooning you're missing out on 
sitting in my boxers eating a frozen burrito 
@SHOONEYDARAPPER pissed cuz I already brought food! 
I want to eat sushi 
@imalexevans, i'm so hating you for posting pics of food when i am hungry... 
I'm thinking like a slab of ribs would be delish for dinner! I worked out too hard and am now craving meat 
@angelishkristie: were so domestic now! How was it? I was going 2 make lasagna, ricotta was bad. 
@shanyalv http://twitpic.com/7n94j - u could eat that??? i cant eat noodles or rice 
@TaraMcPherson funneee!! i wish my kitty ate with me at the table 
all i want to do is eat junk food but i can't let myself give in    
I sound like a bowl of rice crispies every time I move, snap, crackle, and all sorts of popping. 
Really sad. Melted my favorite corkscrew while preheating the stove for homemade pizza. 
I have some delicious recipes I wanna make, but have no money to buy the ingredients. 
and i really wanted sushi too 
i miss @heytigray eating withh mebrak makes me think of her 
@johnsonCAB i wish i could go..buuutt i dont know if i can make it  stop in tempe and get me! haha
Going to go scavenge for food.  I forgot to bring home all that leftover chicken &amp; noodles from work.   I must remember to do so tomorrow!
@Kikirowr it is pretty neat, and I like seeing what you are doing!! How were the eggs? I had ham and cheese for dinner - no soup though, 
@jesmeeker *AHEM* except...they won't let me buy a hamburger until it's over...very sad 
I just aye chips and now I'm coughing 
roast beef, salami, and muenster cheese...f-en great sammich....til the rock hard bread killed it for me 
I feel really yucky. I just went to the jewish deli and got some chicken soup. 
my potatoes keep falling on me. 
@yeahtucker ew, onions? McDonalds has those nasty diced onions that are impossible to completely get off 
@flyingwiggler Wholefoods=fresh ingredients, but chicken salad + potatoes =  lots of mayo +lots of carbs = lots of fat usually  it depends
At la cascada and the food is taking sooo long And the chips and salsa bowl is empty  Fml
Nothing of consequence to say, but I'd like my postie to stop eating all the parcels I get sent. 
Just finished my early breakfast for which I had no appetite. The porridge was tasteless, made me wanna vomit 
speaking of food, I'm kind of hungry. I'm in the mood for asparagus but am broke. 
why doesnt jacknthebox in bakersfield have the mini sirloin burgers?? this upsets me... 
@leesasaur I want nuggets with sweet sour sauce 
@Comecaliente34 : i wondered if it was actually as gross as it looks i guess so lol u can't jus put hamburger meet in a wrap 
Just had a fruit plate for supper and half the fruit was way under ripe. 
craving a steak... don't have one to cook 
@mississippiDAWN is ceaser salad cool? 
ate a blueberry bagel... I don't feel so good now 
I think I am really swearing off meat now.  I just saw the mini cows 
ate some food even though her mind is telling her that she's fat already. 
@solin777 I understand, I have my thresh hold too. I'm getting tired of whole wheat rice, wwpasta and wwtortillas. I want a potato too 
did not get to actually eat any lasagna because it wasn't ready before she had to leave to go to institute. 
2 more tacos bitch, im addicted to food 
I am pissed off! There's no hot sauce! 
@ObviouslyBrown I forgot to order the chicken joy  FAIL!
@DaThirdEye no bread 
@Padres game...drooling over all the great hi-carb food! 
@amyrhoda What was the bbq for? I went to one too! No veggie dogs there though... 
I am craving for japanese food 
Just got done vacuuming and washing ALL 3 cars.  I'm starving too. Going to get soup soup laters.
Microwavable fried rice is never as good as what you get from the restaurant 
I need some real food 
@ajitonline nothing interesting today  although could o with a nice omlette and chicken sausages...
I ate an entire chipotle burrito. I feel like I need to vomit... I'm so bloated!  
@nicshields i would buy sushi if i can 
@scottrmonaghan no  unwrapped is revealing the secrets of sooo many fried foods
Why do my eyeballs feel like meat? 
@joienesque and excessive food cravings!  it sucks to be a girl sometimes.
Just made myself a peanut butter and cool whip sandwich. I miss the cafe's desserts 
I miss spicy korean food  its been so long!
That funking egg roll was not good at all. the pizza joint?? well I don't thank they can fuck that up any way. wish i can eat shrimp 
@delguera i already ordered the buffalo salad.  will most definately order it next time.
last time i make nachos for a late night snack! dropped the 1st batch in the oven.. shredded my finger instead of cheese in the 2nd batch 
Why must we be out of bacon? I never even got any 
noodles for breakfast, bagels and sour cream for lunch. can't chew like i used to 
is nto of housewife material - self-cooked rice turned out too watery and soft! 
is not of housewife material - self-cooked rice turned out to be too watery and soft! 
is not of housewife material : self-cooked rice turned out to be too watery and soft! 
As I go by kitchenn grrr all I smell is good food 
@RobinGordon I never got that veggie burrito 
@mizdoll i knew it, i use to be your bff but now im just a piece of meat 
Since when do fast food places close before midnight?!?!? This is lame. I really wanted jack-in-the-box tacos  
I am sad that I don't have soup even though my housemate promised to make me some 
http://twitpic.com/7oz3d - damn the kitchens messy. 
I wanna have belgian fries with tuna right and mustard right now 
@markleo82 i made the mistake of forgetting i was boiling water in a pot, while I went out to look for food  talk about STOOOPID! LOL!
hungry  d'ya think cup a soup for brekkie is bad!?!
@Vivicam hmm I'm hungry 2!! I want food!! 
i hate it when the filling in pizza pops ooze out 
i hate it when the filling in pizza pops oozes out 
tried to make spaghetti in the microwave...tastes awfull 
mmm chickpea and lentil burger 
@icanhazrpattz   When in doubt, scoff junk food?  *hugs*
tesco half fat cheese is just not yummy 
@rogersnotrogers Actually I was recommending fixmyride, I don't go near burgers any more, too much wheat, onion, meat, other stuff, 
@syazwishahif i hate you for eating at capers. 
overboiled garbanzos = mushy hummus.  
what i don't like about burgers is that when i eat them, the things just keep on falling and falling from the bun. so i can't enjoy it. 
what i don't like about burgers is that when i eat them, the things just kept on falling and falling from the bun. so i can't enjoy it. 
@K8loulee no sausage rolls... 
Making all sorts of weird faces eating chilli olives. So nice, yet so hot 
this room-service food is kinda blegh. the scrambled eggs are too soft 
I want to bowl. 
@DMarioIsajerk It's disgusting, isn't it? You never really know what's in your food anymore, and that's sad. 
@Darthbudge I hope it wasn't clothing or food.  
out of eggs  no breakfast taco for me......*pout!
Up too early  all for free yummy egg harbor
@sugarrae I thought you were crazy about needing it perfectly sliced. Then the deli made my turkey too big and I can barely stomach it. 
I was not rashers....... 
@reemkanj nigerian! food is super tasty - wish I could cook i though 
didn'get a chance to make breakfast this morning- had egg whites veggies on a whole wheat wrap. i need quick cean breakfast idea 
Apparantly you need to request cheese on the breakfast sandwich even tho the pic shows cheese. I really wanted cheese this morn. 
@LarryScottJr haha i actually hate tuna  my mom made me a smoothie though!
Never ever aqain ! not cookinq anymore burned all the chicken great! 
has been craving for junk food... 
Accidentally ordered a two percent cappuccino rather than my normal non-fat. Tastes like I am drinking straight from a caffeinated cow. 
i can smell food...but i cant taste any.....it smells so good too  should be ready soon. if not, cry :'(
i can smell food...but i cant taste any.....it smells so good too  should be ready soon. if not, i'll cry :'( i'm failing at typing now 
at helle's house, hoping helle will make poor me some tasty food becouse I'm hungry 
n a luncheon (I hate the way this food luks  sumtymes im a picky eater)
urgh working 1-8 at the chicken place. TOTALLY NOT looking forward to it    ... wish i was elsewhere.
@TenaciousH i dont think chronic egg layer is going to trend 
Today's a tomato soup and grilled cheese kinda day. Too bad we're out of tomato soup. 
http://twitpic.com/7pxl5 - home from studying with christophr. pretty hardcore. now indian food. yummy! then studying again...  last  ...
Sourdough in the oven. Should have fresh bread in 30 mins or I'll be going hungry 
@iTOmusika I did!!! I ate like 4 slices of pizza 
is not impressed pizza arived with pepperoni on it rather than pineapple  now waiting for my new one http://plurk.com/p/11z3n1
@sonofzaire Lol, damn, now you got me hungry  Craving a bacon mushroom cheeseburger pizza right now *drools*
plain old chinese food.  no mongolian today 
We never went to chuck e cheeses!  @Kenetria
@MonkeyBasket I looked it up in my calorie counter goat's cheese is comparable to cheddar  Why is cheese so wrong when it feels so right?
why isnt my food hereeeeee :| i want my fooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd  x
chicken + curry powder + dbl cream does not get you korma. it gets you spicy chicken custard.  #shortcutfail
@momnoir say curry and we will fall out bad. 
puree bored 
HoneyBuns are my favorite snack ever...I could eat them all day! But I'm really in need of some food but we don't have sh*t here! 
@ddalton27 yumm!! I miss the kosher sushi (spider rolls) 
i have 2 eggs. they were spawning but she looked so bad i couldnt leave her with him 
bad news: my bathroom light is off again &amp; i have ants attacking my cat's food dish. oh &amp; it hurts to cough 
@DanaStorms the snack has been smacked 
this bagel sucks. I want real food 
so nervous... I hope I get in         if I don't, I'll console myself with a cup of instant noodles when I get home 
Also I have lost taste for food 
@PCleezy ummm when you told me you wasn't going to have food for me  I don't play when it comes to food LOL
Ugh. There's no food. 
@AndyActive but potatoes have carbs, and carbs r the first things u cut out...no rice/potatoes for me 
@abitheamazing I had shepherds pie &amp; beans, but you are making me hungry again... 
sam's club pizza is not tasty heated up as leftovers 
does not recommend wasabi crisps - too hot even for my cast iron gut 
tempted to get a sandwich from the bodega.  I have an addiction 
@GabbyKittiex I can't wait to go either, but I have to take a bath first. And I can't eat any of the food 
i just burned my tongue. stupid broccoli. 
Decided to try the whole vegan thing again no more animal products for me! Not even bean and cheese burritos 
Eatting carrots at my desk at work.....i'd rather have the fried chicken though! 
@avinashkaushik minus the clam chowder 
@blaise_f baahhh I want thai food! I'm jealous 
@LorielleB try some hot tea or hot broth to loosen it up.  that might help with the quasimodo feeling 
i wish my healthy veggie sandwich had bacon 
that programme what was on bbc 2 just now was so grim i had to throw away the rest of my pizza 
My doggy's home but not better. She has 4 medicines and can only eat chicken and rice.  I still don't understand what they said was w ...
Getting japanese food @ i heart teriaki. Japanese food makes me miss my dirty asian, ken. 
I want chinese food from fu sing 
@tromboneforhire  would you like a fry? =D
@davidyall ricotta and mozzarella cheese with sausage. I dont know why I got it because I dont eat sausage 
I am craving sushi.     It's #sushiday!
Would really appreciate a sit down meal and does not want to go back on the redbull and cashew diet - with the occasional ham sandwich 
I got hungry, but i didnt wanna eat real food and spoil dinner.  So i ate 4 mini honeybuns and a bottle of soda.  Wasnt my best idea.  
@in_mars nope. I can't swim. I'm a chicken. We don't swim. 
@wrecklessfun i want tacos 
@KingandDude did u say there are fish scales in lippy, yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, vegetarians and vegans all over the coast are cringing 
Drying dishes! YAY!...      ... not pleased.
i had salt &amp; pepper tofu for lunch. bummed out it wasnt near good enough like the one I had in ottawa once. 
@hot_burrito Only 2?   And even worse... 2 and I still lost out! No fair!
I think that 8 pork tenderloins is overkill for 13 adults + 4 small kids. So much food will go to waste in this beach house when we leave 
@jeanniffer pizza and bread sticks 
just made some mushroom, potato, onion, cheddar cheese and feta cheese quiche. i forgot the grape tomatoes... 
It is absolutely terrible when you have an allergy attack and then you have shards of glass in your chicken wrap. I'm sorry, @teddwelch 
Why oh why won't my toddler eat his dinner...he's playing with his green beans and carrots...but not eating them  arugh ):
ate too much 
@SmokeyBonesBar I hope one is a veggie burger, I love the salad buts its the only veg friendly item on the whole menu 
I smell food ... It's too late to eat but smells amazing 
@stevenjayphoto I'm not allowed to have any fried food. 
So I got my pastrami sandwich... but I forgot to ask for my mayo.  Mannnn.
just burnt my tongue tasting my soup 
I feel sick  no more food and yager 
@annamaldesigns wish i could help  hurry up and come eat pizza and put your boxes together
doesnt kno how much water to add to the rice 
I trekked all the way to drumheller with a bag of moldy bread and there are no ducks or geese 
I cant stop eating... 
Oh no, the big fish died! 
about to go eat sonic...although i'd really like to have a beef patty 
Home made tacos w/ cheap cheese and ortega hard shells , store was out of soft corn  but still good !
my tastebuds is not wrking well! errr! food taste like blaaah!! sicky sicky meeh 
I am so craving a hamburger right about now...... buttttt I officialy started my diet. 
i want my food allergy to go away.  i'm so sad.  
This food is taking toooooo loooooong 
 food poisoning ?
going to my favorite restaurant (souplantation) as a vegan is so sad   so many vegetarian but so few vegan options!  #squarespace
@mileycyrus go eat at the &quot;sugar shack&quot;, yum cheap food.  But yes tyber island boring 
@memo57   I ate a onion burger and had a pop for you anyways because i love you
tuna is bad without mayonnaise, sallad is bad without dressing...i hate this diet! 
i just saw a pizza commercial...now i REALLY want pizza 
This steak is not juicy; no A1 to make things better 
I just had to have a fish funeral for my little gold fish. 
@flothecat  you had ver bad day!  *sending catnip bouquet and salmon snacks*
@Elligirl definetly more I want some miso soup 
The food here i so good at service is getting bad. 
Is really sad that cpk doesn't have mango tandori pizza anymore 
@lesbi_honest i n those chzburger! i really want one but my only options are chinese n pizza rite now  
@phil_z redeemed himself in the #zed table-tennis stakes, not only did I have mushroom pie for lunch, but had to eat humble pie too 
no anchovies apparent  still tasty though! they don't skip on the chicken and bacon, and it's perfectly dressed....
I can't believe banana baby food would have that kind of effect on a 6month old's digestive system... PeeeeeeeeeU!!!! 
ellen wont feed me because she says i waste food 
Just had to flush her favvie fish ... R.I.p fishie 
Man i slaved over this stove makin chicken rice and greens and no ones here to share it with me 
@billy_burke *envy* I wish I was drinkin' it up, cookin' steaks. I fail at boiling water 
i'm really craving some tortellini right now. and i miss molly already 
@donaji23 hey can we still mk tostones ?  .please
ugh..  I need to stop eating. well, not all together. but I do needto stop eating so much. it's probably sooo unhealthy..
Unfortunately, they runnin out of chicken sausage, and we manage to get only 3 from it...i can't taste the cheap hotdog bun 
@hellsing_ace I kind of failed at making carrot soup. 
my fat has fat 
@StormyStephen no.  i send u a pic of pickles!!! 
i WISH i had a pickle 
@Evad4you not tonite.  but soon.  idk.  i'm too tired right now to make tacos.  
like burning the popcorn in the microwave...muhahahah!! 
@lynnnk sharing is caring. i wanted campbells chicken noodle soup so bad this morning but my mom said i was being picky 
man now im hunger and i dont have any saltine crackers  shoot
@MissyWeston a bagel and the rest of the goddamn kitchen with me  MUNCHIES
my mouth is on fire,and i have heartburn,thank you hot and spicy chicken 
Eating pork-gelatin in jello shots and I feel guilty 
@Nirendrie hehe that must've been yummy (ur steak &amp; chicken croissant)!! Making me hungry 
meeting, tea, no food til one o clock...bah 
@ankit_j @vishalgadkari the free pizza is on delivery 
bad start to friday... can't believe spice burgers are coming of the market.  
did penance for all that junk food...legs sore from running 
@wussler chefs-talk is not even finished.  siebi still contact you???
settled for a chocolate spread sandwich but it was in no way as ace as the bacon sandwich would have been 
I need a chili cheese dog. Or something.  ugh!!! 4 more months.
@LesleyWoodPhoto no no no not the dreaded crumpets, we stand and cook and eat the pack as soon as they are opened! 
is sick of salad and would kill for a chicken curry 
@PeterKesina I wanted to do that myself, but turns out I'm coeliac. hard to ask for gluten free food in a war zone. 
Hoping I get a reply from jonathan cook from (ftsk) 
@Eazee there's no more turkey meat left, I think I ate it all.. 
@Taschiyork aw, what's wrong with pea and ham? 
Oh there all my food goes again. 
@TwilightTweaker death by microwave food 
looked at bank account  girlfriends going to have to have sock soup 4 her birthday meal!
stomach is grumbling. haven't got my chicken ass burger fix 
craving for miso soup or palabok 
Most of the office had a greasy bacon/sausage sandwich this morning, and I have an apple and a banana.. I'm not jealous 
I get the feeling that this was the sausages fault  Bleughhh
@kim_pie give me food ... but i didnt have any 
I didnt feel like pizza but then i didnt feel like lasagna so I have pizza and I burnt myself and nearly fell on my butt 
off to lunch, I love me some food...guess that explains the flabby thighs 
too much strong onion in my cheese + onion lunch 
I'm still hungry after a slice of pineapple, papaya, corn chips and salsa 
I'm still hungry after a slice of pineapple, papaya, corn chips and salsa  I need some protein.
no poi yet 
everyones talking about food &amp; its making me more hungry 
@waltmossberg I probably should have grabbed a donut  failing to get free food is another symptom of being the world's worst grad student
@TheNolanShow i got no sympathy for the poor prawn crisps 
just helped in cooking 
just found a pot noodle in the cupboard &amp; laziness took over, it was tikka masala &amp; so gross i'm going to have to make something anyway 
Oh no... I forgot my curry sauce! I only have 4 chips left now 
so much bad food 
Just went to make a cheese sandwich and opened my new cheese and it was already mouldy 
I over-cooked my eggs.  
wishing i hadn't just eaten free pastries and tasty sumak pitta for lucn. carb overload 
wishing i hadn't just eaten free pastires and sumak pitta bread for my lunch! carb overload 
*sigh* while I sit installing servers. G is kicked back on a mutakka eating lula kabab with walnuts. I really need to get back on planes. 
@Wengles  lol, did you enjoy your pizza?
I wonder if the farmers will come dwntwn today what with the thunderstorms  i was looking forward to some red snapper &amp; fresh veggies.
@djdeliver tell me about it... I always eat a meatless breakfast @ ihop, waffle house, dennys  no turkey or chicken sausage
@ika524 well I would love to eat a home cooked Indonesian meal dam shame there's no resturants around here 
i really feel bad bout eating a cheeseburger and a donut for dinner  ugh! i so need to burn this off tomorrow! :| darn McDonalds!!!!
after inspecting fridge &amp; pantry - no poss of beans on toast, sausage, or muffins.  startling surplus of muesli 
@Kriscolee  can that count as a carb and a protein for me??? 
Just shorted the whole studio by trapping the power lead to the sandwich toaster in said toaster whilst making a toastie. 
need food, toffee popcorn gone 
woke up expectin to make a great breakfast...and much to my dismay all the ingredients weren't there 
@jessygrass junk food galore w/o you 
I think my lettuce might be bad! No salad for me @ lunch today!!?  I've been waiting all week to finally eat my salad.
just ate a whole pizza.     but the diet starts on monday, promise!!
all i want right now is a cheesy bacon cheese burger from my work wtfffffffffff 
@sarahgb Have you seen the one baked in the loaf that @danpalmer65 just posted up? I think I'm off pre-prepared food for good now 
Mental note 2 self..do not let dog eat left ovr broccoli 
#anewday at home 4 me means 0 H2O, pot of coffee, and 0 food intake 
just cooked scrambled eggs and fried mushrooms for dinner. neither the eggs nor the mushrooms survived! feel so bad now  ... not 
i'm semihungover and eating a frozen pizza,,, unfortunately it has sausage on it  i don't like sausage... and i might still be drunk,
my turkey sandwich and apple is looking pretty sad 
I just ate some fajhetas for my tea, and they were really spicy! I hat spicy food! It was way too strong! Ouch! 
@YunGKooLiE omgg but I love there food 
@JimmyTheMonkey my turkey sandwich and apple are looking pretty sad 
Has been food deprived 
@Joffff I don't think blended chips will be very nice! 
i am craving a boots meal deal right now, a nice chicken and stuffing sandwich would go down a treat right now, sigh... 
i hate kettle corn popcorn 
I think I'm developing another eating disorder...  Like I'm hungry but for some reason I just don't wanna swallow the food... 
i miss salsa dancing 
@leebrasco oi u chop stick u don't wana share the food  I'm famished
I miss my burrito bowl 
@heidimontag i would love to get a burrito from you but  sadly i am not there.
stupid rice cooker burned my pinkyy 
@LeeKholafai that's torture!  man who can go wrong on making a burger?? what a bad one! lots of condiments should help hehe ;)
I burnt my grilled cheese sammich 
@Sugahill sorry but i didnt even notice the ketchup 
why are there NO taco trucks in fremont??? 
peach salsa didn't turn out quite like i wanted it to  too much onion, salt.
My refrigerator went on the blitz while we were out of town.  All the food is ruined 
But (egg update): I'm down to 2 live eggs now, plus the duck egg. That's it. I'm 3 for 10 and falling. 
I hate that alyssa doesn't eat because I feel like an inconvenience when I need food. 
I want burnies  but instead I get some gay food
Being highly alergic to dairy + pizza craving = no fun for me 
i regret eating that pizza me + lauren bought, i feels ill noww 
Just ate a fajita salad and my body hates me for it 
@subclubloyal sorreeee chicken!  you wanting me to come up tonight?
This taco is hellla spicy 
@taylortastic i've had some baaaad memories at chili's 
I want a crispy chicken snap wrap with bar b q sauce 
@jeccaliz finally bought he's just not that into you - watching it on the couch with a pizza to myself  lol
I can't believe the freezer trick worked!  Of course this means that apple support lied to me. 
pizza;;; ewwy. not again 
well, THAT was an exercise in futility. J is 0 for 3 on Japanese food. No more sushi, noodles, tempura for a few years. 
i would give my limbs for a feast of dal, naan, coconut korma, samosas &amp; chai tea right now 
We tried to eat a giant pizza for 500 dollars at pizza shuttle but they tricked us and we failed 
doritos &amp; french onion dip.  @ my breath afterwards.
 don't feel like cooking...
AND poor so i cant even order pizza 
So today I'm craving eggs on toast, &amp; there is actualy bread in the house. I open the fridge... No eggs. fml 
I do so good until catering serves freaking tiramisu...then I'm screwed. 
My tastebuds and stomach now hate me. I don't blame them. 
Now im craving a corndog! And i dont get one 
Just ready to go home.  I'm tired of restaurant food and want to sleep in my own bed 
I cannot believe I fucked up making the rice. 
@persef I would gladly have him back in exchange for my sandwich though 
She's starving me... She wont cook me tacos 
good food. finally cooling down.  want to chill out...still have cruising to do. 
Just ate @pizzahut stuffed crust. Really wanted a P'Zone but couldn't seem to order it online  maybe just this pizza hut. No idea.
@sarandipity so jealous of your sushi, no sushi delivery around here 
@davidsdoll101 I love foods too, but my doctor told me this morning to lay off the fried foods  (borderline-high triglycerides)
@federalcase  I said I go out for eat 5:00 p.m.  I disappointed you.
just had some whataburger. it was goodddd. but i forgot to get extra gravy. 
gezz my dad put my food in the oven befor the bepper went off now i dont know when to take it out .. 
@riweasel They haven't had any  I'm on a mission for strawberries tomorrow. I need to make a tray of those cannolis for a pal.
Haha i'm so fat. I did a backflip once I found out hubaluvin would be bringing me food! I'm dying of hunger tweeps 
I want boiling crab 
Wishes she had taken them up on their invitation for dinner. I found spoiled milk, green sandwich meat and green cheese. Power outage!  
I want a grilled cheese sandwich so bad I actually asked my mom to come make me one. She said no due to stupid traffic. 
I really dont like when the M&amp;M's fall to the bottom of my popcorn bowl 
I have da munchies &amp; there's nothin 2 eat n my house  I have started 2 eat girl scout cookies...not da rite decision but they sure r good!
@tomoka0013 Do you make them completely from scratch or do you just make the filling &amp; buy the wrappers? I lost my recipe. 
 I have heartburn...cheap pizza sauce
@aidosaur I want some bulgogi. 
I'm hungry.  I'll eat noodles and nothing but noodles, is that bad?
I want some veggie soup 
@littlemissfae ugh. i want fries 
learning how to make home made protein bars.  toooo many ingredients
doesn't like real food when it hurts her 
I want some vegan doughnuts - no cooking or baking til I move 
Craving-crazypig for naan and butter chicken 
my pizza pocket developed a hole in the microwave and spilled it's delicious cheesy filling 
@Enamoredsoul you no like my spaghetti? 
@IAmtheKEE i'm mad you had ribs.....i haven't had real food in a long time.  
@makonnen going good haha the chicken's egg's still don't hatch though  I want them too already
I honestly can't decide if going grocery shopping is worth putting on pants.  And I'm out of food  
#squarespace my food is still in the microwave to busy trying to win............. 
no more ramen  
I can't eat anything except for pudding and other non-chewable food. 
I wanna make mini pizzas, but I don't have pizza sauce 
ouchh! burned me hand makin food 
Sitting down 2 eat hot dots, cheese and bread.  So much for this mornings run 
@ericarw I want sushi 
@vavroom fair enough. No matter how meticulously prepared, I can't stand menudo. 
@Cbxweb i wish i was. At chilis. 
@joevw it's too spicy. 
i am hungry but I ate so many bagels today i can feel them coming up. I needz a cheeseburger! 
is really sick from taco bell 
Potstickers survived... sweet n sour sauce did not.  
I am about to die from a food coma 
@Jaczi i knw where cook street is. i jst hve no idea where to get boba is!. 
is not looking forward to dinner, dad's cooking. gluggy fried rice 
:O we're not eating sushi for dinnnaarr 
fries without ketchup? not fun. 
@firstdogonmoon I'd say that's the case.  But as I'm fond of eating meat, hunting &amp; fishing, I can't bring myself to get preachy about it 
is going for a big feasting again. 
just ate pepperoni pizza  but no knicker bucker 
i hate mushrooms and they are all thru my spagetti bolognaise.  
i cannot eat runnerbeans since finding little slugs and their eggs in 3 separate packets. i really want to tho. 
@danhorbatt @michellealeong woooooo hooooooo.... great party! !!! downside: I have no cereal for breakfast tmw!!! 
That was the worst sausage and egg mcmuffin in the world, it had shell in it, and made it taste vile, i had to spit it back out. Not good 
i am out of all the mintos  i need food .
wants something sweet.  FOOD! FOOD! (
@CherylH77 I had some deep fried camembert with my sushi, re-heated it in microwave. 
@sid88 i just had lunch there. sadly, i was late and food got cold 
there is no food in my housee 
yeah weeekend. plan: jogging, eating lasagne and then back to university 
i wish you lost weight when you decide NOT to eat fatty food 
I've run out of eggs 
@sammonti I want the pumpkin soup from Chelseaaa. 
@auriee @thedevilslair I want to come over for food 
I had two serves of lasagna - Now I feel really sick  ha
@styler it only eats raw meat 
I feel like eating french fries with garlic sauce again... Even tho I had such an intense work-out this morning... 
is in sushi nori fail 
I'm washing the dishes 
My flat is a mess, I am still in my pyjama and I am very hungry. But there is nothing left for cooking. Just dirty dishes 
I want a subway veggie delite sandwich soo bad 
no more spicy food no more being angry so I won't end up here 
diets suck! I woke up craving a double cheeseburger and a cherry limeaide 
going to get ready for a meal! cant find the wine  have looked everywhere. x
I really need to let my food cool before I eat it 
I feel so sick..   I ate too much food..
mum is leaving money for food tonight. i'm going to fuck my diet and get an extreme junk munch. my belly is churning right now tho 
@xoxoChelseaa typing fast. And he married his girlfriend and i had to serve food at their reception. 
These people are eating burgers and I'm fucking starving  I can smell their chips
@rasfry while I'm about to go pick up my pizza 
Sometimes there just seems to be too many food choices... and I want them all... hate having to decide 
stupid food made me sick....   
@gliendo: you were right bout the other girltalk tracks  they suck pork sausages. Where's ur phonnne??
with a minimal amount of mozzarella in the house, it looks like a good sandwich is out of the question... 
yummy I want some homemade food 
Not this again! I'm about 2 go play sleep b4 my eggs become kidnapped!  .
Didnt get car washed, too much rain. unable to purchase a tin of pasta shapes, had to buy real pasta instead  gonna make some soup now
i fancy scampi and chips so bad  when did i get so food obsessed
i wanna have a singalong at a bar with my lobster like the benny &amp; the jets one in 27 dresses 
I think I'm going up a size with all the eating I've been doing lately 
i woke up this morning and badly wanted some eggs and bacon... i was too lazy to make it 
My bed ate @madithekilljoy. 
@tokikot no comfort foods for me. I should diet... 
@SKquID you forgot your beef jerky! 
i'm starving , eat too much candy 
@brittanyashley I miss mini quesadillas 
@ChaosDwarfs http://twitpic.com/7wv8g - I'm hungry... I want food 
restaraunt was shut :| ahahha unlucky, fast food it is then 
my cooking skills are so good, I left my chicken pieces in the oven a tad too long... so I burnt my dinner 
I'm starting to understand what an icecream feels when it's out of the fridge! 
feeling really gross, possibly food poisoning 
@MystaKool it was more severe than that - led to food poisoning. 
I am sooooo tired of soup!! 
Really want to go to dennys but someone is being wack.... I have to settle for fast food for now  I hate fast food right now
@supaflyafro i missed most of it. but something about how you should no longer eat raw cookie dough 
@jehan_ara i know -  you must avoid things like biryani  shiryani - they are too heavy and the oil and fats they use are not good at all
I have just managed to slice the top of my finger chopping veg for dinner 
@harrisreynolds After 80 min, still waiting on sandwiches. 
i need food  
@vegan_sarnie Just missed them 
@yelyahwilliams What you're complaining about? I even can't eat hamburgers at all. 
havin fish and brown rice for lunch  but i want a calzone!
just ate an awesome taco salad, but now I feel too fat to go to the pool! 
should really check the lid on the vinegar is on properly before tipping it on my chippy chips   
panera ... i'm so hungry.   8-4 no food... a cereal bar this morning Phylicialicious
Put too much hot sauce. I can't finish my sticky rice 
I ate vege sate~small pieces of meat roasted on skewer yesterday evening &amp; it made me suck,as yet 
why do i love food so much? 
@gaksdesigns oh oh.. and is corn soup too eh.. lol.. a trini favorite.. 
looking up chicken spaghetti recipes... apparently my only option is the ones using velveeta cheeses. 
@YoungQ that would be awesome right now, too.  except i have food poison and my dr. said nooo grease at all.  
My healthy eating goal for today is to have Japanese food without ordering anything battered and deep fried = no tempura 
My fish just died.... 
i'm tragically hungryyyyy! but i dunno what to eeeeat! chicken? burger? pasta? seafood? 
That garlic bread I made was really good. I want to make some more. 
@Threefevers she us not allowed to tweet unles u have teeter egg! It's going fine ready to go shopping but can't I'm broke 
I want some pizza 
@SuzanneReed and bacon and egg sandwich? Now you've made ME hungry. 
@daniellewasall i got so fat serioiusly its so bad  too much in n out did that to me  now im like no fast food just salads lol
No bread for my sandwich 
eaten too much  not even had a proper meal haha, crisp-cho's and fruit &amp; chocolate, good balance no?
i want my food already !! 
My first foray into gluten-free baking could kindly be described as a failure. 
@GeemaPee I would if I wasn't in macmerry! All there is is beans, chopped tomatos and tomato soup! 
@Tarahwolf aaargh i want food and a bonfire 
Yomato sushi was ehh...I want foova 
mad good sushi.. I want moree!! 
really hungry..but so tired..why can't food cook itself 
i had to shove food down my throat if i wanted to eat. babysitting til late  text me or talk to me on here!
I think I ate some bad sushi 
@buruh out hondi too.  I Have a allergic for restunat foods there. So I deserve from home made foods onyl 
damn it! the shredded cheese got moldy. i really wanted chips and cheese too. 
just roasted peppers in the frying pan. bbq didn't start.    But now I got a nice jar of roasted peppers!!  #food
@drpandamonium damn it! and i just ordered pizza 
.@Captainsid I'm doing well! Pondering dinner.... may be just cheese, fruit and crackers. Sadly, no wine. 
I lied... no food. 
At a wedding and i dont see the food yet 
healthy ish!  I'll eat the salad tho! along with the chicken!  no carbs tho    i thought carbs giv  u energy!  time 2 cuk dinner
about to eat some noodles...feeling lonely  ....
my cheesecake cracked and water seeped in 
Just ordered 30 white castle burgers, finished 7 
@Superflymom3   I'm upset I didn't see this earlier. I love grub! 
Getting shrimp...and needing food 
doing the dishes 
@BiggBoyee  no meat defrosted. dam! we lets go on a search thru the pantry
@rreezy: LuCky!! I want some chinese food!! 
Just got a plate full of food from the bakery, trying to force my appetite back. Looks so good, how am I not hungry? 
what a heavy eating sat.. 
At sonic eating all by myself 
made wierd noises in the kitchen. I still want bacon. 
@popcarnes sick,    i'm sorrie, i'm beating myself up for getting food poisoning.   
best thai food ever, worst service ever.  quite the complex 
i am eating my food with a knife cuz they ran out of forks 
Shopping for only raw foods is hard. Especially when going down the cheese aisle 
at seafood paradise for another wedding! so hungry!! 
i figure if i blindfold myself when i hide the snack cakes that i will never find them..but i always do. 
spending evening making myself an amazing feast of butter 'chicken' (tofu), chana masala &amp; samosas. just wish i had someone to share with 
Just broke a bowl... 
@SheCrochets can't have sushi when you're preggers  no raw meats, certain cheeses, even lunch meats was on &quot;the list&quot;
There is no special sauce to go with my pork intestines! 
I was going to make an eggplant and potato curry, but the eggplant is a little past repair 
Missed a sushi opportunity  damn
 didn't get my halo-halo but instead have an udon soup to go.
@ItzCecile I want sushi too!!!  i haven't had good sushi in a while 
Just finshed eating my turkey grilled sanwich. Here bored sitting here outside seeing my family eat like pigs. Wish he was here. 
@nightshifted i feel your pain, licorice is the devil's food 
I hate putting food away  #squarespace
@ecuadorlady it just made me so sad to think i was getting delicious delicious pizza and it actually turned out to be no sauce pizza 
@kimberlybrooke i think he's teething because he refused to eat anything but 4oz formula 4 dinner. poor kid.  he normally loves veggies!
my sister got me a taco from taco bell but with my luckk i cant eat it 
very hungry  i want food!!!!!!!!
thinks i got some form of food poisioning from the cheesecake factory last nite...i cant eat anything without my tummy being upset 
Now they saying I can't have my steam fish  And sake's is closed so I can't have sushi... I def want seafood...
how can i call myself vietnamese?! i cannot take hennesy nor spicy food 
I don't want to go to bed yet, but I don't want to hang around up here. And I'm hungry. I wish there was food up here. 
I ate forbidden chili and now I am paying the price - massive dyspepsia. 
I am sooooo so tired!! I don't think I ever want pizza again! 
@lamb_gd i know.. 
@kissykayy  i sorrrry! theres NO food?
i miss david archuleta and cook.. 
Sitting in front of boudin wanting soup but there closed  bummer
sometimes... just sometimes... too much good food gives you diarrhoea. 
Really craving hot food 
There's no good food here &amp; I'm starving 
Ah! I want chicken selects with ranch sauce 
@wigglytype I wish I had some pizza. 
I'm such a chicken  ugh
@nidarasheed It was exciting the first couple of times, but its always just the rice and nori with cucumbers, avocado, etc. v. bland 
@AnamariaAHH i want some of your eggs 
still tired from last night, watched ufc now just bit bored, i am over my cheese ham and mayo sandwiches 
@seanbonner You are taunting me with food while I am sitting here waiting for breakfast places to open. You are mean mean mean 
@Kohreeb I suppose so! i'm eating the nachos, where there is more cheese than salsa  no NUGGETS!
@confuseray  spam-sushi
GENTE, to indo durmir  ate amanha lovers! xxx @weneedjones
http://tinyurl.com/mazsjp Doggies don't have enough food at their shelter  They will probably get put down!!
being Stoned makes my waffle cutting louder, food last longer, and freezis melt faster 
It is unfortunate that when I spend a lot of time in the kitchen making food, I don't feel like eating much of it afterwards. 
pizza and singing and drinking don't go good... 
I'm craving for kfc's potato wedges 
is waiting 4 my pizza 
still have no space for food to swallow since my sister's sushi party yesterday 
well, i didn't get a snack  but i'm very bored.
Starting to think I might have food poisoning 
I'm trying to make lemon gelati but it wont set properly 
@firstdogonmoon burned onions just caramelise and taste wonderful, burned garlic means throw it out and start again 
@sid88 All i could remember is the smell of the  'valicha' sambar of our canteen! 
Oh bloody hell, I can't even have a cuppa because I finished the milk off making dinner... 
enjoyed the bbq last night but is in pain today after eating a burger with hidden jalapeno peppers in they hurt my tummy so much. 
@mia123456 and if that food is on store, people's eating is not sufficiently monitored. which results in death by drying and starving. 
the great italian-american dish- manicotti- is all ready for some wrightalzo consumption. sadly, dinner is 8 hours away 
smells food, but rice cooker is not done yet 
warning: eating trailmix while feeding mini treats to dog may cause trailmix to suddenly become curiuosly extra cruchny. urh phewy 
i am dead meat 
@RFUNKZ LOL we're so exciting. How bout @jeneelovee brought home food 5 min 2late. I was really looking forward 2 those carne asada fries 
@trevoryoung imaginary food is never as good as real food though! 
burned the bacon 
lying in bed eating chips, i really miss him 
from eating raw oysters and buffet to eating packed food now  haha can't wait for those oysters baby!
Cooking up a batch of pasta sauce...realized that I don't have any cooking wine 
waiting for formula one to start i procurred some high quality pretzles to munch but have been told i cant eat them yet proper food first 
Where are my ribs and calamari? 
@Frenzyy damn. I want a bacon sandwich now 
@ecalderon19 UGH meany! No not yeyt but I think this is the last set of drinks and it'll be gone for sure. I wan shrimp 
i need food.  hurry up. #uns1
full off fishcake  ooooooooooooochhhh
with my fatty cousin having dinner right now! he's a meanie cause he ate all of my food. 
possibly paired w/ leftover tofu terriyaki. why does a bagel have to be like almost twice my meal carbs limit? 
@heatherino I concur! my idea of a deluxe is they get the existing qualities (e.g. cheese and burger) and crank up the intensity. lettuce 
i think ive just eaten dog meat....dying for a proper roast dinner-spain dont do them 
@nellclothing ok that wipes the floor with my porridge  pasta and roasted red peppers now, can you beat that?
the chinese food was delish as always... cant believe the restaurant is moving soon...far far away 
Face is still swollen from surgery, I can't wait to be able to eat solid foods again.  I attempted to eat Chinese food, bad idea.
no more food in my fridge, i want my breakfast 
Longing for #shawarma 
My noodle soup doesnt seem to be filling me up...still hungry and it hurts 
I have become addicted to tabasco sauce. 
mum is feeding me wif sooo much food.....getting fatter 
I just washed 100 dishes, and I smell like wet eggs 
taco bell is the antichrist.. it gave me food poisoning 
@mustntgrumble i buy those due 2 various food intolerances &amp; they do fall apart easily  never seen them that crushed on opening b4 tho!
@tommcfly no lamb revels then  x
i want leak and potato soup. 
The food at this hotel is disgusting. 
My bacon went bad 
realllly want a roast dinner.. but seeing as im on my own... fish finger sandwich sounds about right 
One of my new fish is dieing! 
@SoulIsTheGoal a bag?  then you clearly have bad taste :o
i just made pasta tuna cucumber peppers sweet chilli sauce balsamic vinegar and hunnnners of pepper. it was shite 
I think the ghost in my apartment ate all my waffles...  
bacon is a painful experience 
Forgive me paul for i have sinned: i have eaten bacon 
Is home from a meal and feels sick because she has eating too much food 
Just popped over friends house &amp; her roast lamb smells so good cooking away, we're having tiger prawn curry but now I want lamb 
So I really want left over spaghetti but after discovering I get heartburn from sauce, I am very sad 
I'm tempted just to open the coin trap a deal with the water - never yet done it - it's taken 10 minutes to drain 3 roasting tins worth 
i need food  but i'm so lazy...
My 'donut fish' sandwich has been discontinued. 
@photojennylee me too. the bacon here sucks 
 on about 5 slices of pizza.... :\ about half.
cooked sausages and curry sauce.  the sausages in the grill set off the smoke detector.  I pressed its button.  didn stop 
In the drive thru @ mcd's, watching the f!@*ing woman making her order waste away the last ticks on the bkfst menu by using 100 coupons. 
i want a cooked, frozen burrito 
I want somen noodles 
@dontebee......did you eat your plate of food yet? LOL   
My ability to chew food properly has been hindered by the fillings I had redone on two molars. I hate not being able to savor my food. 
@sweetestsong i think food poisoning... but i always feel ill so no surprise there 
@marcrandalhenry sushi without me? rude 
officially hurting, full breakfast, eggs, bacon, sausage, juice, large lunch, pasta, cheeses, omg, i'm done 
@Jimtendo i had microwavable egg fried rice earlier. bad times 
@Befitt where was sushi..havent had sushi in ages.   and I love sushi
@bookieboo I thought you had a recipe  on that link.  What else did you put with your kale salad?
I'd like to know why there are no potatoes in the potato soup I just bought!!!!   
@Starfarmband I wish! Only their tostadas, mexican rice and pintos n cheese are 
intensely dislike that i portioned out some baked chips &amp; queso, then ran out of chips before queso, rest of chips are downstairs 
@lindsaylovell All done. Just having a pot noodle then the last of of my chocolates and the health kick starts tomorrow. 
Still sick  wish I was somewhere far far away eating comfort food and snuggling him  http://mypict.me/54ee
No more spice burgers!  What is the world coming to ? ....
@katieisakiller you fucking suck, don't eat all of my pita bread 
@__ShirLey really eating bomb chicken without me  lmaooooooooooooo
My fish aren't doing to good. 
i started writing recipes into a notebook, now i've gotten lazy and i have 1 and a half recipes written in...it looks silly 
*still on deadline and still sick as a dog; can't wait to get back on solid food -- wonton soup and ginger ale is getting pretty old fast 
@RobertitoV at the bowl? I wanted to go. 
this eating healthy ordeal has me light headed right now... where are the burgers, fries and milkshakes I'm used too 
made a mistake buying poki at the supermarket. wasn't that the ahi wasn't  fresh enough, was some gastly sauce. 8 the ahi &amp; chunked it 
i just got a craving for scrambled eggs 
Eating a breadbowl pasta that I didn't order   bad dominos
I want my salad 
An evening of workouts always gets cancelled out with two bowls of rice and some oily ass grilled spam!   http://myloc.me/55wd
I REALLY want pizza, nooow ! 
I just made rice all by myself...training for when i move away 
I can estimate, but when it comes to burning calories, that's not good enough for me. 
ate a full meals... that will suffice for a ppl of two... and now struggling to sleep.. 
Ah! I am so incredibly full! 4 tamales definitely stuffed me! 
@stephbuscema what!? burritos!? I had baked beans 
@beautymoogle it was really good but the sides were ehhh... they didnt even have the apples in the mayo sauce. 
@MOARdrew good. starving. craving oysters. 
@MeganRenee210 egg noodles. It was so good..I want more, but I have to control my portions 
@amazing_sauce That sucks  I don't think we're going either (I barely was able to wake @eddywashere so he could uplaod the podcast)
i just ate a huge salad from trader joes.  im still hungry.  salads dont fill you up 
Stomach virus  I  need a big bowl of soup!
went to the mall today, no shoes  bout to get some pizza we been pizza eatin fools lately
Saying good bye to spicy foods. 
@Dreamyeyes yummy ! i im allrgic to sea food !! 
suckit... i woofed that sandwich down 
piano lesson coming up ..... damn lol . then its chili and nachos whoop whoop. then more hmwrk .... more damn lmao 
@rickydark Its very close!! Where do you usually work? I want bbq chicken  I have my own sauce in my bag too!
the dogs just ate my turkey sandwhich 
I'm sicccc  ....bring me sum chicken noodle soup
@NatalieXu i should just scold them, bo ji to ask for more nachos &amp; popcorn vouchers.  hahaha!
I so don't want to wash the dishes... but I'm already run out of pots, plates, forks and knives... so, no washing up, no dinner 
out scavenging for food....I am useless without Jedwards here to cook for me 
just made pizza!!!!!!! now i have 2 clear up 
Of course they give no consideration for alternative diets in jury system, ordered our food and mine is very not vegan. Jerks. 
is dying here ... need some food 
So sick of closing cases   Not what I want to be doing...my chicken kabob pita stuffer tasted delicious however!!
They gave me white rice. ~ 2nd borking of order. ~ No tasty brown rice. 
I've got food poinsoning I think. 
@heavygrinder &lt;3 miso soup/ramen. I want some now 
@meiem i had to settle for nutella on bread instead  should've gotten maccas!!!!
@KaritoKids  why are you stressed? the chips sound good though.
i didn't bring enough dressing for my salad today.. now i am sad. 
@JammyRabbins because some of us are vegetarian/vegan and can't eat gelatine. 
@tommyreyes awe  I would have saved you half my sandwich
Forget some clothes!!! I want food! I'm starving!! 
Washing dishes again! 
is battling the meat cravings on behalf of the animals unfortunate enough to end up in the food chain!! 
battling the meat cravings on behalf of the animals unfortunate enough to end up in the food chain!!  They didn't ask to be a part of it!
All out of lobster bisque  I should've known!
@GunsandTacos @mattbramanti I definitely prefer mine with jalapenos, but I know a lot of people who don't like the spicy for breakfast.  
i ate all my edamame  i need mooooore
Their fryer was broken  but the boba is perfect this time!
I am very disappointed with the chili cheese dog I had for lunch 
I think I need to put golf balls in my dogs food so she stops INHALING her food like she's never had a meal in her life.  *sigh*  
@mitchelmusso I don't like sushi 
I want sushi 
I went to jack in the box and asked for a chicken teriyaki bowl with no chicken...the lady laughed at me 
i dont even get free food 
@peacefulkitty now I am craving corn tortillas....none here  not up to making them today! some cheddar on a hot corn tortilla sounds yum
chicken didn't defrost after 24 hours, stupid fridge...trying to soak in warm water now, but dinner is delayed 
@celeryjacket -- mmm _I_ want a sirloin cheddar burger 
@hdemmon this sandwich place near my abc used to make the best chilled cucumber soup in the summer.  man, now i want some. 
@PureMagenta broke when i dropped it, i was also carrying a burrito and a soda.... 
Trying to change the recipe for the coating of the green tomatoes since it came off too easy when I fried them the last time 
I wish I still had a bowl. 
Apparently, scraping the avocado off my sandwich was not enough to save me. Nnnnggh 
My bread didn't work   let's try another loaf
i want a big mac meal now !! 
i gots my teefs did and now my mouf tastes like rubbah 
  Just found a bone in my chicken nugget    Not cool
Eating bread 
It made me think of a rhino in pea soup... 
why can't indian food have the option to sub chicken for tofu 
Could only eat 1/2 the pizza and breadsticks  food coma in 5. 4. 3. 2. . . .
@pReHaB212 i think i'd rather take the processed chicken route. ahhhh! a live chicken?! the sound of it makes me feel queasy. 
@readingtheair D-dog brain soup? I... I think I just totally lost my appetite and hunger 
ate too much dinner 
This pizza isn't going down so well 
I want sushi... 
@kyndoll they messed up my food and were really rude when I asked for a new meal 
@portorikan said that my gnocchi looked like maggots and now I don't want any.   he's mean.
I'm hungry!!  no food yet.
just finish eatting dinner, peanut butter sandwish and some milk, I am set now dont have any food in the house 
@gollyJames make sure you dip them in the sauce.  If you don't like them, well then I'm sorry 
nothing better than homemade from scratch perogies.  man i miss girl. 
had fun golfing, eating then I have to iron. 
i want a cheeseburger with fries, yuuuuuuuuummy 
lean cuisine pizza is not as good as bbq chicken pizza  
@miyagawa  there were no mexican food trucks 
no weird cravings yet, though mom doesn't seem to like ethnic food much anymore, which is a bummer because I love asian food 
bout to pick up sum pizza....I know its late..... 
My mom is really shitty at taking care of me. She won't heat up some goddamn soup in the microwave, so can someone come over and help? 
Lunch. Fried rice (ate too much of it), gross mayo cabbage tuna salad, shumai, fruit mix with shiro dango, no soup 
@_Abomination_ My food experience sucked  Only compatible food for me was onion rings or chips haha
Me want sushi 
@Jessicasimm I ran out of mozzerella 
why'd she eat all the steak 
@Loobs You told me you liked the name Parmesan Warnes 
@LBsoundsystem The relatives you live with won't share their food with you?  ... im having pizza right now!
@josephVelasquez maki maki without me 
Just in time to finish cooking up some german sausage, I'm out of gas again. 
i must say I do enjoy me some sushi, but i don't think i should have enjoyed that much 
@McCoyBoardman If you already bought food, I will pay you back.  I feel like a shithead 
out of salsa. 
@LeannSoto to be fair @mrrockabilly could just as easily upload food pics too 
@jusNcredible106 are there any potato wedges left ? 
@LoanyG i gets no food over here 
just finished all my chips. devo 
I'm starving! And of course the toaster oven is broke and the pizza I brought for dinner can't be cooked in the microwave 
@meagnets They do, but it's not really healthy haha.. it's basically just carbs like literally just bagels and pasta.. no fresh fruit! 
 being afraid of food is an eating disorder right?
totally regretting getting a large burrito instead f a small. i should have been more specific 
I`m trying to stay away and prevent eating some food but I can see them everywhere. 
The lonely kid in the food court 
@BrownGirlPundit i sm eating chicken n rice  i piked it up tho
i love you more @nadsdee i want pizza. like i really do. but me and chloe vowed to go on a diet.. 
Man I have the munchies.  But I don't do wendy's or taco bell.   I should've made groceries today
ate too much candy  feel sickk..
I've food poisened myself 
eating double cheeseburger and fries. but they didnt get me a mcchicken.  meaniee.
About to go finish the dishes 
Eating more salad.  I am going to treat myself to a couple of egg rolls and rice in a few though!
9:20pm and G's finished eating. I just finished cleaning. now I can eat. food's all cold 
Making myself some chicken noodle soup cos I can't sleep 
@dobrock i'm heartbroken.  i saw you when we went to get pizza and then you left me.  i still maintain that you should dm me your number 
I want more food 
i cant sleep!! and i want chinese food fries...im so hungry 
still ragin to streetlight and totally just remembered I left my choco taco at work. 
need another grocery shopping outing!! no more food for me to eat in the house 
dinner was good. ate steak. after watching fast food nation i never wanted to eat steak again but that's all we had. i feel sick 
@Ingumon  oh dear....I had pasta with courgettes and tomato chilli sauce...
My fish ate eachother too 
@EleanorDanger I trued to join in yesterday with my brown sauce in baked beans suggestion to beans on toast, but no one replied to me. 
need food, have no food 
I feel like eating a new flavored pizza Instead of the meat,I eat it every year  
@Flyelephants rice crackers and no grass jelly to quench my thirst 
@SammyZincLips yeah. i also had chips with my chop and now i want chips and gravy. god i miss that at school 
eating the super tasty noodle snack for dinner. the lid went steamy. i wanted to see someone put a handprint on it 
@ellesil tell me about it.. I miss the eggs and toast... 
@ly_jamie but mama I was so hungry  and YAY lost day. have you got milk cos I'll bring pasta!
@FunkeeMonk which is why i usually can't join the veg outings unfortunately! 
not eating noodles 
there's a popeyes by a61 in detroit.. but they're not serving lunch yet... no cajun rice for me. 
@FASHIONISMYLIFE lol you dont cook for me  so im forced to eat chips forbreakfast
@ghostfinder I assumed they were proper hotdogs, and you could have onion, ketchup AND mustard if you so wish. No sauerkraut though 
@frankicat I made a pasta. I added onion, garlic, tomato and capsicum. Really didn't like it though 
@dovetale my bed? haha, it is! i didn't want to get out of eat but i was forced to  how are you?
@idlemichael its more.. curryish. I once ate a muffin that had been in the fridge with an onion. A taste I'll never forget. 
Halloumi in england isnt the same 
@sapphire_city lol thanks and a cookout is when you invite friends over and hang out and cook food on a grill but there wont be a girll 
I want scrambled eggs but theres no eggs left  lol
i think the mountain of salad cream i put on my salad cancels out the healthy. boo 
@narcotic_mint I found it triggery  I, too, once ate a giant pancake and exploded upon eating it.
@iGotchi If you can eat it with your fingers and it has a positive calorie count, it's junk food. That pretty much just leaves celery. 
i think i got the delhi belly  cant take spicy food no more (
So i finished my pizza, and now I feel like deeeep sleeping 
okay my 2nd cheese onion samosa is very empty... 
Oh no, devil hamster ate all her food....Now I have to risk my life to try and feed her 
@natashabailie no LOL, there's no food in the fridge 
What really sucks: taking a vitamin without food ahhh 
@LTMLSC boo salmon 
@jennfarr if bridgehead is an option, I'm there.  But it usually isn't.  I had a dreadful 2nd cup breakfast sandwich this morn. 
talking to @lishannn now, still craving for murtabak 
Just finished my sushi snack pack and realised I forgot all about the wasabi! 
@tommyreilly Jealous! I just tried to make an omelette and failed miserably 
@mileycyrus cravin for sushi too 
no food at the kentland rec centr food bank 
I want french fries but it's only 10:33  smh
is so sunburnt i look like a lobster! 
regretting that lunch is at least 1hr away...and will consist of soup and stale bread 
is very hungry but only has couple chunks of meat to eat for the day  http://plurk.com/p/13x7eu
sick  need lots of soup and hot tea!
No more spicy food for me 
@neuralclone oh nos!  what about veggie turkey?! I totally had a veggie turkey sandwich yesterday and it was *so* good
i feel like some hot fresh fries 
and now i'm really hungry for pizza. not sure where to get that around here though 
I am randomly craving an asiago cheese bagle  i have zero wil power
-its 80 degrees already and I am driving to work!  but I do have a tasty santiagos burrito calling my name!-
i'm so grossed out by food.  
just had the worst philly steak sandwich in my life   with liquid cheese... phew
@ShikhaBirdie yummy! i had curd and khichdi! 
is back and missing authentic japanese food 
my wendy's potato was far better than my nuggets. lunch decision fail 
still waiting for food 
@xthemusic Ah well at least you can eat solid food.  I want a bowl of cheerios right now 
@justdaydreams hey dont mention the sauce!! I don't think there is any near me. 
I had about five bites of cottage cheese for bfst - that is it! I'm dying for lunch. I feel weak and shakey. 
@markegli &amp; @kariegli the dinner menu this week is something pasta-y (we have cheese?) and also chicken noodle soup. 
Holy he'll, just had an epic Aporto burger with epic amounts of chilli sauce 
@officialTila I want some steak and milk. 
ahhhh time to feed the tribe lol chicken casserole with veg yummo 
@shakn if you make samosas regularly 
waiting for the pizza to bakee 
was eating ham=o, i am pretty bored sooooo you should talk to me 
not paying attention at uni!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i love annie willatt passionatley with a portia salad on the side
Right. time to cook the biggest mushroom / bacon pasta in existance. and look after the now nicly cooking banana cake 
@hungryworship does that mean you're going to kill the eggs...die 
going to buy easter eggs. yay 
@spyros_vj @gtzi @sotomi @dimrac @aspaonline @panos  read that blog http://www.telegourmet.org/ amazing about wine and food 
@cesgcaffeine So cool!  Looooooooooooooove junk food 
is home and having dinner yummy fish fingers 
watching david cook and david archuleta on may 16! can't wait! 
Off to the bakery to buy yummy stuff 
Where are the easter eggs 
@bradiewebbstack go for the meatloaf with veggies! 4 day old pie sounds nasty :/ plus vegatables are good for you 
@bradiewebbstack vegetables 
@bradiewebbstack vegetables i think 
@bradiewebbstack vegetables braide, its vegetables. i'll need to buy you a dictionary or something 
finished cooking my first own cook meal  haha ..achievement 
@sigurdmagnusson but gastropubs do such good food 
bought yum fresh produce from the market to make yum dishes for dinner tonight 
got a bunny face shaped egg  &amp; some pickled ginger in my salad today  aww
also also... stupid lamb. 
drinking my cuppa soup 
@Fortitia how's it cooking?  looking forward to having a taste later.
@anothersnowday well, sure that too...but i was talkin about the sandwich! 
yey, new haircut  must say I like it. now cooking courgette-bacon-cream pasta ja tomato-mozzarella salad, yum.
@jennytsang did you enjoy your sushi? 
sometimes the universe just doesn't want you to have falafel. when that happens, just order pizza 
i forgot how satisfying a cold slice of pizza is  mmmmmmmmmmmmm
@_llena You can come over for extra litter or cat food anytime 
dinner: celery with tons of hot sauce, chili powder, cayenne pepper and paprika  + an apple
Eating krakers remembering that fast food is pooo 
Cinnomin rolls are pretty good when you stop and realize what you are really eating  bread and spices...
Eating a 6 egg omlette, with bacon and cheese &amp; herbs...mmmm 
@willcarling Those plastic pouches are the best...best ever is brie turkey &amp; cranberry but it's disqualified from award for being french 
@evinsmj why, it's the oil from crushed cod livers  http://snurl.com/feto3
got my delicious library license   today is work, run, reheated homemade broccoli &amp; cheddar soup, chilling - good times
@gregory_frost.... how 'bout hot fresh pizza will that satisfy the hungry authors? 
i didntt have anything healthy in the end.. i just had tomato soup and brown bread burr brown breads healthy 
@buffywoo just need a cadbury egg 
@paupaupau stop buying necessaties like food 
Cooking some sweet and sour chicken 
@cookoorikoo mmm, tasty. matches the earrings i just posted, too. 
just got attacked by shopping.  I now have food, so wasn't singing food glorious food whilst putting everything away. 
@muhlenhake - it sounds really yummy, but i think i'm going to have grilled cheese &amp; tomato soup! 
@controversleigh no but some sushi will 
just got home..eating a soup xD yeeeaaa i like chineese food 
I like french fries. 
is a couch potato. 
cooking ramen noodles!!YUMMMY!!!! 
@lowkeyriez lol its okay. keep your wings, i dont like dark meat 
is out to buy idli's and vada's for breakfast!! 
i am starrrvin....franks for a chicken parm hero &amp; a cheeseburger 
yummm the best tasting rice crispees ever! It had marshmellows 
At cheesecake factory with some students...the waiter asked me if I wanted to see a nutritional menu...ahhh no...depressing 
Success!!! Now to try the curry chicken brew with pals... Who wants to go first? 
@jbidjbidjbid should have joined gabs and i for dinner. we had yummy salads!  we were so tempted to get fries &amp; burgers, but we didn't! =]
Going to make my own taco spice mix 
@nanpalmero doing dishes 
@ohsoretro  catty food shopping, vitamin C shopping, trimming of my hair
Family breakfast ... Never tired of eating arepas ... 
Eating broccoli and talking to olvia 
On the way to the market for nutella and fruit crepes.  such a beautiful day!
Going to the chili cookoff  text me if you're going 804-389-3233
@moonunderwater I made sausages and thinking of you 
I'm so excited because i have fruit salad at my house! 
Going to watch the simpsons now. And then maybe get me some food 
@publichistorian I guess so!  are there going to be chips and jalapenos?
http://twitpic.com/3j2db I thinked save on foods got ripped here. 3 cans of redbull-tasting goodness for a total of 6 bucks 
@oliviamunn eat that w some siracha hot sauce 
At the crab hhouse getting fresh shrimp and tuna for the grill later  #fb
@Seradox I'll be really happy if you stay veggie. 
The shoot went great!!!   I need food!!!
@kenarmstrong1 If its gruel again you can keep it! 
Out to fuji sushi with joey  what makes it even better is its free!
@EricjTDF eat an egg sandwich with some awesome cheese! 
@HollyMaz What flavour of soup was it? 
I love my lunchables! 
is steaming japanese rice with chinese water chestnuts and sweet soy sauce 
@Tyrese4ReaL I'm hungry too. I'm in the mood for a grilled cheese sandwhich 
Eating buiscits and eggs 
damit! i missed him again! &gt;( food's here 
gettiing ready to cook some chicken and some peanut butter cheesecake brownie babies for my friend and watch a movie 
@edaulton the painful pasta noming 
had the best chicken cutlet ever 
@gingerssnap you should live in hull. We have loads of mini eggs still kicking around 
its a soup and crackers type of day 
@raachheelll bbq's veg kebobs and bbq corn with butter == 
@hallowed_ground zombie food, clearly. They won't be ready. 
@ashuping I bet bacon was involved. 
sitting in panera bread by jackrabbits waiting to see some beautiful faces 
@ChefCaroline No invit'. You have to follow the smell of hickory and pork fat on hot coals.  Next time maybe?
Enjoying some leftover chipotle and then cleaning and getting ready 
Waiting for the yummy turkey to finish cooking 
@theschnaz I tend to always bring it back to food, or design. Usually food. 
@kurtjohnson Does that include meat? 
@DeedeeSer did your chiquatito burrito digest  
The filet migon is on the grill hopefully I get another filet migon 
i made my confirmation yay!!! now in just sitting around eating leftovers 
I need food. I'm hungry. I think I will go investigate downstairs. 
bored.. ) waiting for the food to be ready 
@rotting ah.  okay.  I can forgive you for liking peanut butter. and potatoes.  baked potatoes &amp; mashed potatoes are the best.
@Spangaloid @phive0phor @gerritv @shaunyhoyes This will never get old  they gave us so much fresh meat to roast 
also watched @nickmazzuca eat a pickled egg. that was some experiment. 
@sisutcliffe no prob, was going to ask what the hash for the tasting is  now planning dinner, roast lamb with anchovy garlic crust maybe..
Late night grub with @anuhh 
.. had some yummy Chinese food tonight! 
eating nachos with my gurlz 
your the chicken to my soup 
union sqaure. cheesecake factory. with my boyfriend. having a nice dinner with nice wine 
@AldrichJC  and @GetGary have fun with your bad music and bacon grease! 
@lisacu00 Tacqueria Guayamas is great..   I go there mostly for the chips &amp; salsa.
We're sitting here watching the food network bored as hell  Obamagirl 08 
Moms brought japanese food, and got some fortune cookies saved from before...contradiction at its tastiest! 
has a fridge full of food..can you believe it? 
making spinach-noodle kugel (try saying it 20x fast) 
Waiting for my beans on toast 
Cooking rice 
@examining_apey yay for veggie delights!!! 
Some warm pakodas and cool chutney would be nice right about now 
'Big cook little cook' I love this programme. 
bout to get some food 
@colbsi your sauce was much nicer with @howtobefrench's rice 
eating crunchy nuttt!!!  x
i'M gonna have strawberry dumplings for today's lunch! i'm looking forward. 
i'm gonna have strawberry dumplings for today's lunch! i'm looking forward. 
@TrueGabe I have a couple of great fish recipes if you would like some? The sauce was however unreal!! 
in an amazing mood, cola and let over pizza for breakfast lolll only could get better if a certain someone were here 
@saulkza lamb or pig?  or is that a stoopid q 
Eating  meat 
@riceagain You can't eat soup with chopsticks yet?.. pfft.. newbie!  lol.. just kidding 
That was nice soup 
i still have easter eggs left !! 
late night &quot;souper meals&quot; are the best! 
@sporkula rice is better 
Is sitting on her bed, wondering what to do today! Waiting for my bacon butty too 
Decided to get up and made very crispy bacon sarnie 
eat rice with ma sissys. 
hmmmm wanting food 
picked up some bangalow sweet pork for my pea &amp; ham quiche 
Just had the nicest chicken in french bread. Taaaasty 
I've discovered to have food intolerance.. No raising agents, no olive oil, no eggs, no sugar!! Is there someone who has same problems? 
Trying to &quot;cook&quot; my first kebab ever 
@DianeDenmark   I have made these beans in a 6 qt crockpot and not had any leftovers....people can't get enough of them for some reason!  
making stitch markers  and food
Aunty has given me some veggies to grow, lovely weather! 
OMT = oat meal time  today's combo: oatmeal, molasses, mission bay figs, prunes, cinnamon
@jarreauman coffee's made (italian roast!) but otmeal? ugh - no can do pook  got e-waffles coming though  might make some miso too
eating papad  (lentil crackers)
mmMm subway....eat fresh 
30 minutes before I have to punch down that bread and let rise for another 30!  hope its tasty 
success! made a stitch!.. and we're having ham and sweet potatoes tonight.. tonight's tna's ppv.. 
Today it shall be strawberry muffins. Much different from my normal fare. Which tends to involve much more unhealthy ingredients 
I want to kiss whoever invented potato egg and cheese burritos. 
waiting for my pizza 
@kaydubby haha  @binncheol best greasy food ever, y/y? @just_jac i do believe you and bethan are slightly nuts but i love y'all regardless
@OMGSarahsays I hope you enjoy your steak and fries! 
eatin some delish food!  then outside with momofosho! 
Eggs Over easy &amp; some bacon, is the direction I'm headed for todays Breakkie 
@wbahner not bad manners, just good food 
@brijnotes I had an awesome avocado and palm salad and a lamb shank. There are other items u choose from + desert 
@MarieLuv as long as their is food and a nice bed with cable you can call it whatever you want 
@travino76 It's just really greasy yummy food.  If you like junk food, you'd like it 
likes the scent of bread. Is that normal? 
off 2 eat then going to ian's 
's chinese food just arrived  yummy
@roccodispirito do you have any good vegan recipes?! not your area i know, but doesn't hurt to ask! 
@ashlita7 i want ravioli from there. holly 
@rachelreuben Was going to go with just one pickle, but thought you might miss it. 
bout 2 go to my momma's house after i eat eggs and bacon!! yummie 
@foseroo that is very sad... any leftovers i will totally eat! 
Eating a bacon egg and cheese   http://AnthonyTriolo.com
I feel like tanning &amp;&amp; having margaritas &amp;&amp; chips and salsa todee.. 
@epicdialogue We're glad you liked our shrimp tacos! Thanks for tweeting about them. 
@bgsmilestoo The only skill required for a grilled cheese sandwich is not burning it. But if you did burn it, you probably shouldnt cook. 
I'm wondering why I'm craving chinese food, possibly it's the effects of the Cornona I had last nyt!!! 
@alessiaguarnera ..u can't believe that im eating more kebab than pastas in this period 
eating like a fatty  food makes me happy!! lol
Then after that, chips and salsa. 
@DebbieDavies the good food being mostly down to you slaving away in the kitchen all morning! It was delish, thank you 
Is looking forward to eating her mum home made chili nachos 
just finished a nice run, e-mailed some friends, gonna eat lunch soon. i'm thinking steak/lettuce/spinach sub 
@pinot briyani rice is good!  re: food?
@aaronbordin i can't believe i didn't read your twitter and ate bakers delight. ahh fatty, but i'll start now..  ps your running.
@bbyjenx did the bacon taste good? 
about to attempt a beef stew...french style, apparently 
Dean's french onion dip and chips...sooo good 
all you can eat seafood and peking duck buffet 
@willryker you should tweet more... I mean zero updates is unacceptable.. unless you are drinking tea for two and eating tofu in a tutu 
just got asked if I was pregnant. resolve to stop eating immediately!! or maybe one more donut pre-diet...  
@adriene I'll repay you with a meal and a drink at a nearby mamak 
eating in tonight....big &amp; thick scotch fillet steaks + pepper sauce 
just got back from pearly shoreys/fish and chips. josh is down 
@jamie_oliver trying to memorize a few of your 'ministry of food' recipes at the book store 
@candiceshelley great taste in music 
@having juicy mango blended with crushed ice with spicy Chinese 
@acash i heart damien rice 
I'm eating nutella and peanut butter on bread. I love it.  I'm spoiling my dinner.
the secret to crispy roast potatoes, a microwave 
@GlowMore but i need a little gold fish in them...i won't touch it i promise, i'll leave it in the bowl 
@maireh ah you want to know the secret sauce? 
@alihale lies! Can i have some of the bread? 
@ryoswim  i have your oakleys  i found them in the bag with the  mango jam.
just finish eating an enormous bowl of coco pops !! just like a chocolate milkshake only crunchy !! 
So I'm tweeting and including my daily food intake.  Virtually food diary.  
@temposhark slightly more luxurious than my burnt spaghetti!  x
i am eating a rustlers bacon roll  
@josianna hahaha i must be losing it, for a sec i thought you said hummus was the devils food! ;-) ...try cheese? You cant beat cheese! 
made matzah ball soup for hubby and wondering if Chinese birds nest soup is kosher?  and still wondering how healthcare agencies charge...
tried cooking a cabbage dinner to add veggies into my diet. wasn't as good as it was supposed to be, but didn't terribly suck. 
@pinkfaery you can't beat the cheesy chips from the blue note cafe 
@drunkenfools Have you tried kangaroo?  Red meat and more flavourful than beef.....  
@oraclenerd I can't think of a food my kids don't eat  I now have to share my sushi with C and O.
http://tinyurl.com/dflr2f to frying pan 
@thejessicadrake maybe you could host a cooking show, the food is lookin great 
ugh this cereal looks like bird food and doesnt taste much better! 11 hours to go until i arrive in wolves 
@mrbacon I thought I smelled bacon! 
@hectorgarcia hang in there bro! You sleep well too. I sure would like some of that Chinese food 
cooking...anyone care to join me for a lovely glass of white and some pasta? 
@ibeebuzz it's like a tomato and bean and chilli thing, it's reaaaaaally good. you would like it 
didnt get the lasagna, only indomie 
yummy noodles 
food, it keeps me warm  http://tinyurl.com/ch3jqg
ah back at chases  were making food. i hope it turns out good
Off for lunch at my favourite pasta place mmm sunshine, wine and pasta  heaven
Eating pasta and meatballs for brekky 
going to cook some food 
@pamslim replace butcher knife with a butter knife and explain that it sounds close  can't wait 4 your book and next blogging campaign!!
slept through alarm, skipped bloodwork (2nd attempt tomorrow). did buy tangerines (yummy) and half dozen cans of evaporated milk. score!  
gonna go eat lunch now. yummy veg soup and crusty bread 
@flowersbyfarha grilled, with lots of butter until extra crispy  lol
@ecaloshay but why would I be interested in the muesli? it's the bacon and eggs that's important 
@LiberalMormon ... A wonderful conversation ... manilla clams ... and three cheese ravioli. 
I'm hungry! I make egg salad sandwich 
Just got back from the spring dance  with the most delicious taco bell meal ever! Haha the dance was amazing&lt;33333 
just got done eating a half of a stuff crust pizza n 1 liter of mtn dew... I'm good now 
@levithomas but they gave you the $10 food card right? That makes it all better 
 Home finally.Making fettuccine and relaxing my sore feetsies!
ahhh hung out with @kdubyas @gleasoas and @maggiegraceland . Now me and @kdubyas are about to enjoi a very nice supreme tombstone pizza 
another day of fruit and veg is over!!! yay... 
Eating dinner: cinnamon toast crunch cereal. I was gona make scrambled eggs bt i didnt feel like it 
damp. rather damp. it shall make the delicious mexican food that much more awesome 
@joegoldfarb Making a super delicious fruit salad? 
waiting for my siomai!! 
eating mash and baked beans woooo 
off to burn some carbs.. JOGGING! weeee!! 
is eating pork cracklings.. yummy!! 
mmm...chef salad hanging out w/ my boy neznice late night food run @ big boy's 
dinner in the oven. chicken and vegetable loaf 
drunken creativity: paper plate + handful of CornNuts + slice of cheese + 10 sec in microwave = CornNutchos  
@Djcallib where my pizza at? 
@fivetosucceed italian is my favorite  and seafood....shrimp alfredo!
family barbeque later ^^  good weather, delicious vegetarian food and my ipod. what else can you ask for? 
having lunch! rice with shrimp  yummy thanks mom!
Heading off to a barbecue, armed with soft cheeses and snacks. A pretty girl is there - wish me luck 
@mikestopforth go eat then 
I'm about to go have the second best vegitarian food I know of 
@annwhit chip butties rule.food of the devil but what the hell.LOL 
eatin fruit salad 
i love waggamammas food though i still feel full from last night, yum 
@fatdirector: In Austraya we spell that thoroughly  Yes, great steak. I'm told the spare ribs were pretty darned good, too.
off down the beach after a yummy chips &amp; eggs for breakfast 
@Kelsbells that was his phrase ... have a smoke and a pancake 
Enjoying the sunrise at work with some tasty tea 
tanning &amp; eating fruit salad; perfect day so far 
I'm cooking lasagne.... I love it.... and the best of it is to eat it later  
Up bright and early...  making chili...  
Getting ready. Picking up jaime grabbing some food then off to bamboozle 
Has made her award winning hot fruit  it's delicious
@pollymorgan agreed! I love that show! You've got good taste 
@kcooley I'll take a sausage &amp; cheese please 
@rautasilta The food looks brilliant! Much better than the Japanese food I cooked today. 
The in laws just brought me food! I love them 
@elyse haha...you always eat japanese food, don't you? 
@crimpomatic Ah that would be sacrilege not even a sauce medium rare 400g hand cut chips and a nice cabinet sauvignon  god it was good )
going on a walk then off to buy the diet foods for the week 
I eat Chinese food everyday  It's a good addiction!
@NikiLuv73 Skrimp would be good with my turkey wings and mac and cheese 
Eating hotdogs 
Is about to go out for all-I-can-eat sushi!! 
@owlbot one for me too please!! With some tomato soup if too if u don't mind - I've got cherry sprite already, I'll share that with you 
Just ate some I-ti food...good catering 
@karenmccormack I prefer habanero peppers myself.  But I'll admit, not in oatmeal.  
enjoyed the first harvest of the year - some fresh chives in a potato salad  Also some apple chutney from last year, still delicious 
@chillybreck of I was in charge I'd get rid, about the only food I don't like 
At maki with nourzy and naj 
@queenoftheclick that sounds really good. we'll probably be having leftovers - but good leftovers (dijon chicken + frittatas) 
This hoagie so wasn't worth 10 bucks 
@FakePlasticAnge pizza is an excellent diet 
looking for some food 
listening to sunsets and sushi. ...it takes me there 
@jodycakes I have no idea what a jalapeno kolache is, but just the sound of it makes me hungry 
@Deathgleaner you mean besides not eating meat!  LOL
@GGkinley that's what the kettle corn was for!! 
hectic birthday. flew to doha, ate authentic chinese food, went shopping, flew back, ate vietnamese food, then home. should i do algebra? 
is eating dimsum in bed 
@illupocattivo Really great food! 
foods here!!! 
I just ate a chicken soft taco.... yum! 
http://twitpic.com/4fdcx - I missed making pizza. It could've looked a little better, but it tasted SO good. 
Hot cheeto puffs, fries &amp; funions make me so happy 
I love @CapnEddy for his amazing odes...bubble wrap-such a classic and most recent-parmesan cheese 
texmaniacs were off that chain.....about 6 margaritas later!  menudo time....
@JonathanRKnight eww... lol. i love sushi, but i will pass on the rattlesnake! 
@ozdj simple braised lamb shanks sound as good as anything 
up! staying home...ordering thai food..with a glass of wine and watching a movie til i fall asleep 
Eating a pizza sub and listening to t swift 
is playing cod4. 
Eating cheese ham and onion toastie yum yum 
@Rockergirl75 sunny side up egg and bacon   (extra crispy bacon) and some toast
So apparently chicks love my red hot chili peppers t-shirt. 
@PierrePenguin let's have sushi together sometime 
I just had breakfast. Loads of potatoes with ketchup. And I just watched Sirm? ?dienkarat?. So yummyy!! 
@vickycornell definitely cooking  haha paninis are so good, now you made me hungry!
eating pumpkin soup 
no longer hungry...but i still want more food.sis myt bring brownies for me later today.and i plan to visit a certain boy...teeheehee! 
lovin 1985 - bowling for soup 
waiting for a merienda..... I'm starving..... hehehehhe.... 
is awake and contemplating revisiting the eggy bread brunch thing 
just had some bomb chicken adobo and beef steak ha. 
Traditional beef stew with dumplings coming my way for dinner!  
@HoptonHouseBnB Without sending the whole thing: aroma, taste, the very substance of a full English breakfast. And statins! 
@FERNANDOGARIBAY and maybe some food in there somewhere too? haha 
chilling with kels!! my bestiee  eating shiiiit food... and loving it
making pizza 
@silkcharm *always* with feta 
need some cup of noodles... college life 
When vegetarians travel... It feels like half my suitcase were filled with cereal bars 
When vegetarians travel... It feels like half my suitcase was filled with cereal bars 
i have a craving for rye bread and brie cheese, off to aldi tomorrow i think 
just eaten 2 rolls with eggs and vege sausages, i feel like a fat pig, hope it cures my hangover 
crunchy nutted, going 2 uncles house 
@m0po what can i say? you have excellent taste 
@Jawannsample ummmm sum egg whites and turkey bacon 
made some lumpia.  watching tube and eating now  
really wants some beans on toast  CBAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Off to M&amp;S for steaks, back soon 
looking forward to a fry up 
yh we all got food n now daisy wants evry1 food although she has eaten hers spaz! 
ate colins face 
I'm on break  eating luxurious food from marks and spencers 
@Silversmyth lol I just followed @bacon 
@MsToT egss benedict, lovely crispy bacon, and glad of orange juice coming up, 
@ilovegraphics The goal is to have meat be no more than 20% of your total food intake. A burger now and then does wonders for the soul 
@kovasys yeah, but I have more exotic tastes 
@karla_deras i completely agree karla! i usually don't like asian food, but i love me some pf changs 
@marsianin ?? ?? free, ?? fries 
Finding some food, doing some chores and planting our garden! 
@vettievette I know! What's funny is we didn't want to over do it b/c of the contest but the food was sooo good last nite 
@jasperblu:  We missed you at the bbq!  It was good food, drink and friends. Hopefully, next time you can make it! 
leftover chinese and cheese bread makes a yummy lunch 
@ezrapoundcake I like straight forward   Bout to pull a new breakfast casserole out of the oven.
can smell onions. random 
AND.. I smell like cilantro. That is all... for now 
Just made some banana pancakes and sausage for breakfast. 
I think I owe some people an adobo recipe...I promised while I was sick. 
@Yaraher yes is different eat at a totally vegetarian restaurant. The food feels good and light 
@ninjen, that's a peculiar meal combination to me. 
if anyone is near the office, please bring food! preferably something that'll stick to my ribs.. lamb kebobs are always good 
Eating Arminian food! 
@josephpred I'm craving my fave comfort food: @anderaaron 's infamous mac &amp; cheese. But grilled cheese &amp; tomato soup is sufficing alright 
Eaating cube steak, again 
Cheese enchiladas tonighttttttt 
@neanie - don't eat 1/2 a loaf at the restaurant?  I don't.
Heading to la to go eat tacos in a bit lol 
ate the  whole plate of edos     OUHHHH YUUUUM!
Landed  During the flight, the kid next to me pulled out a loaf of bread and made a sandwich. Not gonna lie, it was pretty awesome.
You can have pasta my dear 
I'm burning up. I was in the baking mood today I made homemade stuff shells and monkey bread 
@velmadaria shrimp tacos? that seems interesting! never had it? And the gelato sounds so delcious! i want one now.  wat kinda shoes u got?
@panacea81 Italian, pasta, steak, pork chops,mac n cheese lol 
ate so much foooooooooooooood 
fun service making shrimp and fish tacos 
Eating some oysters, pretty good with some hot sauce. 
i'm about to cook a big, fat, juicy steak.  and no, you can't have any.
Just finished eating chicken enchiladas, beans and rice.  Now I'm drinking my tequila and squirt drink 
@maryhodder @cshirky I think that good leek carrot soup is a good trade for the singularity, and a lot more likely this week 
@cocoancream haha robot chicken is a good one indeed 
@aduvall818 I am going to get chicken and bacon ranch on italiam herbs and cheese  haha so healthy
Making a quick smoke run, and possibly getting some tasty snacks. 
 vid  Microwaving a cellphone is surprisingly cool http://is.gd/wjpY
@teejay0109 LOL I still like the pizza 
@t_win  done! i'll cook you some pasta!
about to get down on a cup of noodles  mmmmmmm!!
after pizza, wine and espresso i thought i would challenge my out of shape body: http://is.gd/wv3A. while i wanted to, i did not ralph. 
ate avocado, turkey, and corn chips followed by 7 small dove dark chocolates and some mints - at midnight... and has no regrets 
@wensies lol... i see your point, but food is something you just dont mess around with. I LOVE food 
@soneee: me too!  looking forward to okonomiyaki cooking party. (and plum wine!)
sushi tastes better at this hour 
@LemonsAreSour LoL... awwww, you're not a piece of meat! You're a plastic! 
just got back from sushi with the ladies and is fed and happy 
@gaustin I don't use a cookbook, I just throw a bunch of veggies in a pot with some beans and heat them for a while  it works.
@SiobhanBulfin thought you might like it seeing it's absent of meat 
making mashed potatoes, and vegies to go with @JoelyRighteous's t-bone steak for when he gets home 
@xthemusic did you drink too much? the best cure is a fry up 
Having rice crispies this morning  Brings back some good memories!
eating hawain pizza for breakfast  its a bit cold
woken up by a bacon and egg sandwich in bed - man I have good housemates 
@TangeloFlavored and no I didn't burn the eggs.  We had a blast and the food was great all weekend. We had an awesome carne asada too.
I'm a little hungry, a nice bowl of spicy lentil soup should fill the gap 
I forgot I have lumpia and pancit in my fridge from last night! Yay 
apple fritters are like the perfect after food...don't you think? 
no eggs today ... shame was looking forward to a egg and bacon sandwich 
going to look in the refrigerator for a taste snack to eat 
just had steamed fish w/ oyster sauce 
I'm eating egg-whites right out of the pan 
@DavidArchie @DavidArchie @DavidArchie u should go 2 a small cafe were u could get a english breakfast for about 4 pounds, im from the uk 
Cooking microwave pizzas, yummy 
eating kfc fries! 
@popey you are right, enjoy the lasagne, 
@lonemat  i'm having tuna &amp; noodles thing, smashed potato cakes &amp;......?   Winksy says hi.
Eating rice for breakfast. Yes. 
@superficialgirl yeah the tomato paste and oil is traditional on a sandwich.. eat it with some olives and maltese cheese  yum!
I just had a lovely lunch of curried rice and mussels with baby octopus - yum 
@gjr02 I can't work out if you're into diesel or rice burners. 
is enjoying a cup of chicken soup! 
About to go eat breakfast at jay jays cafe with my one and only 
watching matilda with a bowl of noodles 
I wash my dishes Like a boss!! LOL 
@Storagezilla and the grease drip pan doubles as a butter dish (in a pinch) 
@jsmithready It'd be really hard to give up my chocolate while reading.  Does chocolate count as a food? 
@Sobk13 I love to eat chicken, would I be a cannibal chicken? 
@gfalcone601 I think sandwiches or something like this with ham and cheese 
Laying in the bed boreddddd looking through old cookbooks for new recipes 
finished eating sushi with ladiez  getting shwasteddddddddd**
waiting on food. 
Making pork stir-fry and brown rice for dinner. 
eat it caps.  3-2
is noow calmmm  eating polvoron .. yuumm
@h0ney_ I had curry shrimp yesterday lol I love seafood 
nachos and the tudors? i think so 
I make delicious pasta 
just got done washing dishes not too long ago 
Going to MIyake's for some sushi and sake bombs. 
@orphanth i just had pasta  from pizzahut.
FOOOOOD  yummy so. whose washing the dishes now ? NOT ME ! not i ..    rofl
krys: running, mud baths and nice French food in napa w/ jimming 
going to eat rice and fried chicken from sederhana  the padang restaurant! yummy!
Enjoying my yummylicious shrimp burrito... MmMmm 
Watching twilight and eating potato salad. 
@JonathanRKnight you &amp; chicken soup &amp; I'll be good!    
im determined to slarm around my house and eat egg sandwiches. and smoke a few bowls. sounds like a splendid evening to me 
few grilled mushrooms and olives, feta cheese and coffee for breakfast.. should i try to sleep now..? 
Is going to attempt to cook chunky beef &amp; mushroom pie tonight  mmm, i'm hungry already!
Who out there loves the soup. I do, I do. 
mmm...reconsituted meat products and week-old veggies...gotta love that rehydrated warm milk for breakfast 
just had an orgasmic sandwich 
@eavellan that was so much fun! the banana dessert alone is worth the trip to austin! we'll be back soon 
@backpackerinoz I don't like fishfingers. I don't like fish or seafood really. But enjoy it 
if i ran the mile to mcdonalds and ran the mile back would that burn off a double sausage and egg mcmuffin lol 
@libras_art That would be the one.  It's awesome sauce.  
@marktesch isn't that a local dish? borrow 
could do with some bacon and egss. mm 
simple recipe for creamy spaghetti with bacon, corn, mushrooms and peppers  http://bit.ly/KtfBR
who's for a boiled egg with soldiers? 
Is eating poutine and listening to mitch hedburg 
@malhermann I just made tacos and nachos 
Hot ramen soup to end a longgg munching night 
watching M eat a hotdog...gross.. he's so drunk and annoying.. trying really hard not to glre @ him 
going to eat some pasta bake, my favourite food! later going to the flea market @jadirox you're my lilime 
@cydonian why? i enjoy fancy meals on my own smtimes, thr's joy in solitude, u can REALLY enjoy the food &amp; it's lk a date with the world 
@ManBag79 awww I love me some charlies  we are enjoying some lucky food LOL
I love Fishes, not for food stupid, but for my aquariums. 
@PotterEntourage We had soft-boiled eggs and fresh bread 
Eating my ham n cheese sandwich 
@purple_tiger I hear consuming cracking &amp; bacon cures it. If not at least you had a tasty snack 
eating chinese food 
@ABridgwater I eated it with my bacon sarnies 
cannot wait for dinner - 16oz rump steak and curly chips 
and pickle is helping me clean 
is bored n wonts some food 
@deangratton is there nothing like a decent bowl of good (proper) hot chilli?! 
just prepared my yummy chicken meal for tmro... now, drinking milk while counting minutes before i start my reading again  haaay...
i'm glad to be at lexi's watching movies with tea and delicious food 
is making bacon and eggs. 
the roof of my mouth is so sore! i think i burnt it on the egg and bacon rolls. all my photos are on facebook now. search sofie tooke 
Mkay well that was a big bowl of akwardsaucee 
I've just made some vegetable pakora dough, its a great way to use up bits of left over veggies 
@elineof acually, just realized it is dinner time and i'm going to be good and eat this chicken instead of the chocolate 
just had pork and potatoes for tea with pancakes and maple syrup for pudding !! 
@flothecat My two couldn't care less aobut where food comes from as long as it arrives as desired 
Going to a cook out. I love food!!! 
Eating chips and salsa with my stepmom  today isn't so bad
@Chloebeetle my grandma lived to be 103..i credit real food (mostly grown by her) and a fabulous attitude. 
@BrianaLBarker follow your diet, there should be no more eating with the family, you gotta make your own food 
@AdamMohammed You're a fatty 
@MsRobynElaine oh I had to go back &amp; check lol.  mine are simple- beans, onions, red peppers.. &amp; butter LOL
is home after an awesome day with family.. played wii.. ate food.. and yes.. made spaghetti with squid sauce... lol.. (cooking mama game) 
@LoriMoreno Or tasted as good as bacon too 
For whatever reason, good french onion soup always makes me happy. 
@pjd08 I did get stuff, but I would have gotten more. I got porridge and 2 massage bars 
it was a nice mother's day. I went to the gator festival, nice cajun music, creole food, dancing, and then had dinner w/ mom. 
@tiffanyalice glad u liked the curry. http://route79.com/food I think 
watching food network challenge. 
decent. lobster and prawns are callin my name at 11 
@rocsidiaz soft shell tacos &gt; hard shells always. 
@lovebscott enjoying some pasta from pizza hut and watching will &amp; grace 
says happy eating...  http://plurk.com/p/t0wk7
Simpsons season 11, bag of mesquite bbq chips. Bluberry flavoured hookah. With @jtmusicinc . 
@Xemnas subway eat fresh 
discovered &quot;vegan&quot; chicken salad for 4.99...portable red bamboo 
eating pasta  ...
@girlsheruns yeah...&amp; I'm sure she didn't eat any of the freeze-dried food! 
having sushi on sunset 
i want some nachos con queso 
At steak and shake 
@formaggio do you want me to come for a balsamic tasting? 
20 buffalo wings and 5 scoops of double fudge brownie later and hello food baby 
im making baked potato for tea  after i do my dishes 
@idontbitchiblog thanks!  will be enjoying the food &amp; wine 
Where are my granola bars!? Lol.  'Bout to eat some mac n cheese. 
@DonnieWahlberg I love any pic that u ate in 
ate at the mall food court yummy then played my acoustic show, now time to go to bed 
@PegasusNZ I am pretty sure I can't eat a whole huge slab of corned beef myself 
@ClaireBelly well the pasta wasn't!!  Is that cheating??  I guess for me it is 
eating fishballs. 
@archreena DavidArchie guested on eat bulaga earlier, that's why    it just proved how pinoy populated is twitter, lol
If I had it my way, I'd never stop eating beans on toast. 
had sushi for din dinns  i love sushi
At freebirds with greta, bombest burrito ever, now we both have to ride the same bike back hah 
@chefrosebud hi chef... i just wonder how you come up with those amazing recipes??? i've tried some of them 
Added some models to http://www.findteensites.com/ . Going to add more soon, but first I need some food... 
@aussiecynic don't have any bread lol need to bake some 
@aussiecynic hubby can't eat most store type bread cause of the preservatives so making it is better 
@OSUSquire what kind of free food? 
Has just eaten a mahoosive sausage roll! 
@Sabatea no pizza or hendl but wan tan and yummy chicken 
new on twitter  chilling to a breakfast of pasta and burger before hitting the books!
deliciouslunch last loaf fresh out of the oven  chef
craving Indian food 
yum miso soup + seaweed 
@bored_at_work one packet of ketchup for every fry you had  sounds good to me  lol.  Would you like a fry with that?
On lunch, cheese crisps and chocolate. 
@joeypage i loveee sushi 
is going to make some spaghetti and sausages  oooooo its been too long!
...at least I can laugh about it....thankfully the raw egg didn't get into the drawers it ran down!!! 
is eating his freshly made pizza 
eating breakfast yummy yummy 
eating sushi 
just made my protein shake, yum brings back my training days.....todays flavor was peanut butter and jelly 
@soChesterton aubby! lol. whats up? its sunningly gorgeous outside. i just ate pancakes and eggs.. mm 
Get in the kitchen and make me a pie. 
pizza.steamed veggies.tyra banks. orange juice. goodmorning. 
@phdinparenting That's a debate I'm sure my kid could get behind - the merits of dessert as a meal. 
@butterflykate Haha... it's got absolutely NO meat in it ... at all... 
@jimmysmithtrain just had beef chili and wholegrain rice. very nice 
@iitzfreSh yay  *snatched yo food &amp; runs*
@speeddeamon your cook is out making $. Lol 
@MsSoulisak I like pepperoni. 
@codymccarver Krystals not road food....Its a major food group 
has tested the mods on my new bike and they performed brilliantly carring 2.5 bags of groceries without squishing the brie or baguette. 
@samfeasor pick me up a loaf of bread please. I'm fresh out! 
is grillin' carne asada 
@michamba i prefer fried chicken w/ hot sauce.. 
@Wardere that must be a new breed of sandwich right next to the powdered water 
 eatin cereal
Just ate this really good pizza 
#3hotwords Let's eat out 
I just bought lots of groceries  So much vegetarian food...
doing homework, listening to panic and making vegetable and lentil soup 
@daoism ginger, garlic, and kosher sea salt water? That a new one for a sore throat 
@andycrash nice butter, with the cucumbers, for the sanwhiches. You started this 
What better way to end the week than with good food, good beer, good frozen yogurt, a little ukulele, and great company. Thanks you guys! 
@therattlesnake  if i wasn't vegetarian, i'd order some food from there 
@Cadistra I'll get the salad mixed up!  *puts on apron*
eating fries. 
#3turnonwords I got food!  excuse my fat soul!
Just passed the intrepid...that's what she said...zing sauce 
ate some sooonic 
has to pop my roast in the oven... back soon  xc http://plurk.com/p/uab7l
wants to know if you're eating belgian waffles with fruit topping, eggs, bacon, etc. for the third weekend in a row with your roommates. 
Eating chicken salad with parmesan cheese wrapped in a tortilla 
bread talk! 
bread rising, soup simmering, children playing, sun shining 
@kumarhk that shows taste. 
@tararobertson .. cool, yeah that confused my wife the pasta sauce = tomato sauce, tomato sauce = ketchup thing 
@nowamunkie wow i love meatballs too  spaghetti meatballs..yummy!
@sonecessary so you'll be chasing the enigmatic steak plate truck, then? J/k.  good luck marinating!
getting ready for food tasting! 
@corinh I'm begining to worry about your musical taste 
Just had: smoked turkey and low fat edam cheese wrapped in lettuce for snack. 
had my cold shower infused with salt - feeling fresh and human once more. lunch/dinner was hard boiled eggs with fishball soup 
turkey sandwich, rocky road and a rocket to the moon make revising seem tolerable 
turkey's song is good 
cooking asparagus with potatos and salmon 
@veganB12 A spud is a very special veg 
just got back from the gym and just had a subway's turkey-breast on parmesan oregano. wheee tasty 
I'm obsessed with eating GRAPES!  So yummy!
eating turkey bacon sandwich  ahhh! its not as tasty as normal baconnn, why am I soo mean to animalss!? I need to stopp!
mmm strawberries for lunch! Now I'm starting a new paper on advanced disassembling techniques 
need to keep up twittering.. but b4 dat need some food!!! 
@365gifts Thanks!  The vegan diet is delicious and easy  and I have good cookbooks  
@culinarycory shred, add mustard, put on buns. 
went for an evening run and feels rejuvenated! (: had her fave fish soup and mom's cooking! and dad's specially blended fruit juice! 
given up on tidying, off to get food and shall have the evening lazying around watching TV and eating chocolate 
thinking i should go put the chicken in the oven. And remember to turn the oven on 
About to make some Hollandaise to have with some poached salmon. Delia-tastic 
@n3rin3 I dont eat meat much but it sounds good all the same. 
@HedwigN it's song lyrics.   I was with a friend  who in a restaurant picking up  carry out food.  I was sitting and waiting..... 
@madnilk Would love to  lol.. what kindda soup for you interested? 
waiting for my food to be cooked listening to greenday 
I am eating a pot noodle and doing homework and watching Eastenders - I know its sad lol 
eating food 
@MediaCoach roast lamb, enjoy - making my mouth water at the thought 
@davidarchie did you get to try the balut?  how was it?
Taking a short break from the housework...I have high hopes for my mince&amp;onion pie 
just had the roast swine, very nice, even if I say so myself! 
Watching people make * cake on the food network 
#yum: cheese omelette with faux bacon and hazelnut coffee. 
eating some good 'ol lasagna 
@meara76 I always take that left turn for food anytime, fooood..gooood 
rainy, chilly day.. dishwasher &amp; laundry humming, about to prep ingredients for a banana bread.  
I kinda want a nap... I eat food and want to sleep. It's a sickness!!  #food
@npm83 ome! I am so hungry! I'll take some pizza! 
@mayorsam i agree-  noodles r essential 2 life. rn't most noodles composed of 90% H2O?..c its all making sense now. 
mommy's making me a peameal bacon sandwich for breakfast. 
@gbatuyong didn't have time for a big slice...had a whole small pizza instead  Great pizza there.
@sunnythomas sounds tasty 
had just finished her noodles 
@amazing_sauce I wouldn't know I decided not to go to prom 
Making some chicken alfredo 
somebody come eat pasta with me. by eat pasta with me, i mean come make it with me. im too lazy to do it all myself. haha. 
@bigdaddymerk its goes lovely in a bobotie, its goes lovely with sausages too 
just had great noodles 
The salad chronicles continue......its working 
@bigdaddymerk its goes lovely in a bobotie, its goes lovely with sausages too  -
@bigdaddymerk its goes lovely in a bobotie, its goes lovely with sausages too  - -
@MikeyPalmer I positively love bacon! 
@hollywood0487 he adds to tha island ambience of restaurant  lol
eating my chicken with chopsticks... stuff that was left at my place after a sushi dinner yesterday 
sitting up here working...sort of...and just made some yummy food for my grandma!!! and she LIKED it!!! A+ for me 
@Knot2serious btw- you should go for the rocky road- I already declared marshmallows acceptable breakfast food + almonds = all good 
after eating some delicious gnocchi with tomatoes, sugar pods and sage I`m filled and close for today  nice evening @all
Is about to eat a chicken and bacon subway footlong! 
i need to stop eating so many feasts 
soo hungry! hot dogs with all the fixings? sounds yummy ! 
having lunch with mammi at home: broccolis, spare ribs, rice w/ japanese 'toppings'?, and 5 leftover dumplings 
Going to get some old bricks to make a pizza oven 
in hull, having a nice meal 
waiting for my china food to come! 
#3hotwords red hot chillis 
corn chowder soup and pizza. yes 
finally turned on the Q...made me some tandoori chicken 
Eating chips 
@Spycnsweet I figured, but was going to ask.  What kind of pasta, though?
 steak and shrimp i'm excited
@maxpower086 beef tips, rice and green beans, and sourdough bread. 
Going to eat with the boy   i'm in the mood for a grilled chicken salad...extra crutons lol
joooos! and mild taco sauce please 
I love my new juicy purse! 
mmmm yummy food from home 
http://twitpic.com/5er56 - my next food processor 
Holy shit major earthquake xD well the dishes didn't break 
@SpicyGuy The ecopak. For obvious eco merits. It also looks tasteful, to complement the, I'm sure, tasty dishes inside 
But I said ohh I...I packed this bowl for two. 
OK got 4 recipes online...crispy kale sounds sooo good 
@NiaNaia fresh mussels and angel hair pasta, garlic heavy 
BoUt to eat some ceviche! 
what's for dinner? mini corn dogs &amp; salad. like yin &amp; yang. 
Looking at yogurt recipes all day. It's oddly satisfying, and gives me hope 
Eating mcdonalds apple pie ! Its almost 2 am , haha snack time 
@hereannow a hippie no.. I just happen to like real food 
@reneephoenix I want some taco bell!! 
i'm a huge fan now of david archuleta and david cook.. 
@KatMeyer @CarriBugbee I heard that @shannonpaul was considering eating her grasshoppers. 
And ben is flirting with one of the waiters  he's cute though
@sea_mathilde jellybeans... mmm... i now haz a craving 
#3hotwords I have food 
off to get some food bbye 
Thnk goodness for 24 hour mexican food 
@tedneward @AaronErickson Aw man, seafood? Can I come, if I bring cookies? 
a nice weather, a yummy pasta, sonny with a chance episodes.. nice.  the pasta is really yummy. lol.
@rheachua good thing we ran out of food  HAHAH ! but as soon as theyd goo grocery, UGHH ! dieting is all done :|
@syazwishahif the salmon cheese is resting happily in ma' belly  gooood sushi
Just went to mana foods and bought suppah food! 
@Prissi using cream, actually.. plus some veggies, which will hopefully keep it moist. my mamma's recipe. 
@juliebug77 We totally should. But I still vote we keep me away from food-making.  Just because it's edible doesn't mean it's good. :p
@selectmatt It was totally a HAmmy over an eggy 
Munching on some greasy burger for snack...giving myself a 15 minutes break 
just ate tommys chili cheese  fries  was good
late night coney.  
Just had my snack. 
gotcha! haha  i've got a lasagna in our refrigerator, haha  i'll just put it first at the microwave for about 90 secs. hehe 
And now is so content after making and eating half of some fine mango ahi poke.. 
I'm really craving for pesto!  Can I break my diet for that one?
that was some delicious pizza  LoL now imma be off to work then after i have no clue lol
@Jeremyscott002 we must have the same taste in music 
Heading to ntuc at jurong point to grab some veges. I think im going to cook vege soup today for my dinner 
@brislo great feedback! pyt jusy came by for coffee and complimented me again as well  what is the recipe for this success formula? lol
@janabelle_xo yummy soup 
Fries = happy food  - http://tweet.sg
Heading home via bus, but not before grabbing brekkie from a fast food outlet - rock and roll, lol 
@hkFoodGeek  r u feeling inspired to do food polling now? b&amp;w pepper crab sounds delicious 
@kaseyRSM could you do chargrilled stuffed squid?? 
cooking cooking 
mmmmmmmmm garlic bread 
@dementes I had takeaway chips sandwiches lol. I think yours was healthy enough  I'm about to drink some chocolate soy milk mmm!
hmmm nuggets for dinner..  yummy who said u can't have kiddy food all the time!!!! 
@twilightfairy had a breakup  hehehe.. actually I avoid rice/roti at night..only veggies/meat only..morning vegetable juice must
@endyman I hope you enjoyed your noodles  what did you eat?
@amieewhitney We have great bread, too... 
is making grilled cheese sandwiches! 
@merejames @awmitchell just need to know the an icecream fairy - Not much room in freezer now - might have to throw out vegetables 
@itsybtchyspider 2 hotdogs, chili/cheese nachos, kit kat, diet dr pepper ... i NEVER eat that much at once so bad for me but oh so good! 
@downesy in case it hasn't been mentioned, tsp of cornflour with tablespn of hotwater, then blend in to the non thickening sauce 
is frustrated and just wants to eat,eat,eat,eat,eat,and get fat   
just had some home made rice pudding so good  lol
@brightonseagull Not unless steak is declared vegan! 
@juliadeboos Have some yummy food and curl up with doggies 
@voiceovergirl As in chilli con carne - not raw chillies  The seemed to like the minced beef &amp; beans &amp; I already knew they liked rice.
@FahBeng I'm not big on junk food, it's usually the last option for me. sigh. I eat healthy u know! I love salads 
going to shop now to get bread.... will tweet soon  J4SONX out 
I fixed the problem about me being hungry... had pasta salad, spicy 
@crispy1980 they can if you use tweetdeck 
about to eat my amazingly gorgeous gf's tuna pasta for lunch... oooh i feel so special 
i can hire another employee at 4000 gourmet points. currently at 2115. hurry! 
my dad's cooking fried china noodles  yummi 
especially when its cooking oil who wins. can't wait to see the drama! 
yummy mushroom pie! i like the new canteen 
Feeling lazy... just cooking rice + egg for dinner and a drizzle of soy sauce to go with it! 
@benbristol its a 24/7 snack  [giggling]
I walked the doggy to the shop to get some food 
@musicjunkie11 eat eat eat 
Is watchin her burger n chips being cookd lol  x
@textualoffender  I'm mac and i live at home. heeeheehahahaha. k. mum doesnt actually make pork ribs. but @axon says the olive deli does!
has made cheese butties with sauce of brown, so now as it's nearly one oclock is going to eat the food of the gods 
@radha_ that keeps track of your eating habits. some service/bot I guess. @having rice and dal ! 
Eating fresh, organic mangos with natural organic peanut butter (crunchy...yum!) on organic flax flatbread!! 
I think I just invented carrot spaghetti.  I part carrot, peel till you can pass it off as spaghetti 
chips, fish &amp; cheese  is that bad? haha.
@hummingbird2 I'm sure the recipients of your sweets are in heaven. The recipes make my mouth water. I need to start a new book for them 
@Outdoors2 you know what? I did have chocolate milk w/ breakfast this am!!  yummy!!
Off to do my salsa workout before I settle down to paint 
@d33pak ohhoo.. take care.. have some hot tea and bonda soup  @fraands
@CrazyBallerina since when??? I try to be, but always end up eating egg or chicken  almost everyday
I'm going to eat chicken and pasta 
@emmao414 beef an tomato I used to live on them 
@BadAssBrunette awww damn i hope you feel better girl! get some chicken noodle soup! and a lil tea too 
making lunch, mushroom soup, mmmmmm 
@mazeri Just sandwiches with fried egg.. yummie.. 
@NatalyaFGM re: bf present ideas perfume, wii game, gig ticket, meal at foreign food restaurant he never tried before, 
customizing ate carlene's site. 
sunny day again, making some hearty soup!!! cauldron bubbling away nicely lol 
toasted sandwiches make me happy 
rush! rush! rush! qk breakfast from truck, $2.75 2fr eggs on hardroll n medium decaf  so another smile
I have a sudden craving for a cheeseburger... with bacon 
@AbuIlai If only we could drink marihuana, smoke food and eat coffee 
@StoneZoneShow  i only had one bowl lol
just had a piece of chicken and fruit for lunch! Being healthy can be hrd work 
@Selly06 I can do stirfry 
mangoes! so yummy!!! 
@yoonseon Me too! I love food. Even when I travel I go on culinary tours hehe! 
heading home to pick some stuff up and have ribs with katie for lunch.. been craving ribs lately so im excited!! 
@kibbe @rufusisnodufus ditch cable a must! agreed 
mmmm.....time for some lamb, rice, and veg.....making all my coworkers jealous 
I am going to attempt to make salsa now. 
loved watching your journey on #masterchef, @fooddesigner ! Such creative dishes! You were awesome 
@ThatJessGirl92 we will get bakery food soon, dont worry. 
@Suthnautr follow my breadcrumbs 
Just drank a can of cold tomato soup 
@iLoveColbyO best way to do it...hehe...i like extra meat sauce and extra cheese 
@scodal I am eating chinese food...just wanted to add to the randomness 
doing well with my new outlook on food. no bread or pasta for a whole 10 days...... tough - but i feel great. back on the bike today too! 
@teenyballerina sounds yummy, I could to for some food right now :O I just remembered that we're getting pizza tonight 
making beef curry 
going home, making a black bean burger and watching cheaper by the dozen. 
@JanetcBaby i want a tan too!! i'll juz have to wait nxt month when i go to penang... yummy food, and sunshine! 
has 2 go now... dinner, i think its tuna bake or something.. yummo  be back soon  xx
@edjames1 If you're going to bbq on gas you may aswell be cooking inside! where's the challenge if you know the food will cook properly? 
@sendchocolate was asking if u had any mnms (yes candy)..  eat some for me 
I sucked cooking spaghetti, now boiling fish conserve 
is picked and eaten some fine homegrown lettuce - yummy and great sense of being green 
@Melissarrgghh come over here, I have pizza and chang 
@iamnabeel haha.. talking of soup noodles, what's for lunch? 
So just finished food shopping n put on a load of washing...now to unpack food n start dinner then the cleaning begins!! LOL 
just a beer and fries tonight. with chipotle aioli 
@WinewithoutBS you dont eat that sort of pizza do you 
@Lemonpi It is, although I've got a hankering for a rich hearty stew with mashed potato 
I'm experimenting with the making of a bacon sandwhich 
@Madkink It was the beef hulla hoops  haha I'll let you know, but i've been told my brownies are better, you mite wanna hold out!
@devakishor it's a flavored water with spices, helps in good digestion 
eating salade with; cheese, ham, tomato, pineapple &amp; macaroni. tastes awesome 
@kazzjulia i made a meat pie instead omnomnom. 
@rainbowteuk in other news i made my mom buy a big thing of beef ramen and shrimp ramen today. 
@hypnophil no biscuits here.. just bagels  im gonna have tea and eat food later lol what kind of biscuits do you have?
@durianpuree @dsylxeic good too! Workout then good food is goooooood! 
I have some of that cream cheese left over. I think I'll have another bagel for lunch.... 
Having a chicken, mayo and pineapple toasted sandwich for lunch    thanx ma!!
@caffeinebomb good lunch  although they gavre me (baked) beans, rather than (green) beans. Is it true M&amp;S are selling everything at a 1p?
@ShapeThrower might be chippies for me 
thinking of food, as usual 
Business was easyyy havin some chicken noodle soup now 
@vinoroma sure: we're going to discover some great italian food and wine, from different places, to understand what high quality is 
Making noodles  yum... nearly ready too 
i decided to quit drinking and eat healthy so i can lose some weigth until the upcoming poolparty 
Getting a craving to eat junk food. Right now I'm watching lion man I love it 
@laremylee i wore braces!! but i think i didn't lose any weight. haha.  i still consumed the same amount of food!
@Alexrittner wow, sounds like a lot of yummy meat 
just ate a sammich with like a million slices of tomato on it. i'm going to die of heartburn in about an hour. but it was worth it. yum. 
ooo yummy pasta sauce in the freezer. tahdaahh 
@viaaubrey I want eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, The works!  I love teds breakfast.
made lunch for the 'sband and myself. nom nom pasta w/roasted garlic, tomatoes, and spinach. 
@heartmileycyrus How about a sandwich 
@caspararemi i walked to a local sandwich shop in pimlico and had spanish omelette sandwich  yum- go somewhere different! E&amp;C is yr oyster
@kilaucoffee I enjoyed my chicken mayo and cheese baguette yesterday, thank you as it made my shift at work a lot more pleasurable 
last day. I wish sonic would hurry up. I may go in there and cook the food myself. 
Sitting outside eating pasta with louuuu 
@krister63 LOL No. This happens to be chicken with a marinara sauce mixed with vegetables. It was very good and it is now very gone. 
eating a avocado &amp; bacon burger 
eating hot chips that i bought home from work...mmm chicken salt 
I am making qassatati, which are a traditional maltese yummy snack-food.  http://tinyurl.com/qpueeb
@gulpanag instead of salt i'll recommend jaljeera  #jaljeera
Having a pizza party tonight at in-laws tonight to celebrate our little bun in the oven. 
@annettebroy feeling your pain! we had one in the skimmer who waved at us, then did a tap dance to the garbage while eating a sandwich! 
At plaza singapura, eating bread. 
ate marocan couscous without meat... so delicious  with lots of chick peas, and raisins 
about to go cook some [hopefully] yummy food 
@RonBlanco no booze please.  just yummy food.
mmmmm burger and chips for lunch 
And in case anyone is wondering - I tweet about food I love cause I love food.  I am not paid or sponsored.   I'm just pregnant.
just finished eating a big yummy egg burrito! my tummy is now happy 
@joshchandler possibly the food, depending on where we go to eat. 
is eating soup 
@graysenpack they don't serve bbq where you're going.    they serve better food.
tonight the girls and me r going out for greek food. yummy. 
@docpro11 A giant scramble fest. eggs, ham, onion, cheese, homemade tortillas, coffee, taters..thats about it. 
@onakat ha i know hoboken pizza isn't the best by any stretch - any suggestions for late night pizza near the path? 
yumm peanut butter sandwhich 
@elloecho I lurve sushi...proper sushi, especially smoked eel 
Ahh that was a nice sandwich 
120k chips. i love it. 
@Findyourclarity haahah thankss, my dog jumped on the table, thus spilling a bowl of cereal on me. LOL. 
@TwentyCarlo I don't feel so bad about eating Everything crackers dipped in blue cheese dressing now! 
@coldplay So, when u eat pizza in the states then go home &amp; get pizza, is it...somewhat disappointing?  J/K!  U know I have to mess w/ u! 
@SteveWisbey hello there  soup soup a tasty soup soup spicy carrot and coriander
@smosh i don't get the voting thing. lol it seems complicated :| but if i could vote, i'd pick the corndog vs sausage links lol 
really enjoyed her mccains frozen pizza . better than delivery 
@alanjlee I was thinking of warning @ozdj to avoid the toothpaste he put on that pancake... 
Finished eating. 
since food is a very definite no, gatorade, you are my only salvation as far as nutrients go. thank you 
went food shopping , watched tv, now im talking to friends on msn and drinking apple juice 
...fresh out the jaccuzi...its late but i'm starving..bout to cook..steak, mashed potatoes &amp; corn...mmmmm 
food, brb spicy fried tofu 
just had another malaysian meal here 
ate too much food tonight muahahah 
yay! Lunch break... having leftover fried rice  and a cup-a-soup &quot;mushroom&quot; yum... forgot my bird eye chillies in soya sauce...
mashed hard boiled eggs + farmer's ham scraps + hickory bacon bits + cream cheese + honey dijon dressing = my delectable breakfast 
At home watching a movie eating tuna and drinking calm tea. 
@OMGitsJessieLee What do you call a cow with a twitch?   ....beef jerky 
@vrnc what on earth is your nail polish collection in the fridge? o.o go grocery/junk food shopping before you die pls 
maria fails so badly at making fruit and cereal mix... why not try a nice pig sandwich next time 
About to have a ham sandwich 
An idli vada morning with sambar just as I like it 
bout to crushhh this chicken alfredo pizza  yummmmyyy with ranch too! omg i love it..
@kinsky can't wait to go to senci and eat delicious food too LOL.. bikin laper aje 
@ratusyura i read some people says that avoid white food..bread rice and anything white..low carb..my mom masak gulai ayam.nyumm 
just got woken up with carvery food, how good is that 
My lunch menu : yellow rice, fried chicken, kering tempe, and spicy sauce...yummy... 
@Foodology dessert! there's always room because you eat it 1st! then my veggies 
@Lotay me too! have a great recipe with raw garlic for a salad dressing if you ever need one. 
my attempt at homemade sauce failed... but overall my evening has been wonderful 
An egg a day may lead to early death, http://tinyurl.com/qv7eou I don know what will happen to me cause I take around 5 eggs daily. 
Watching T.V very thirsty ate too much mango and coconut rice everyone follow @MisskellyO 
Is it legal to have basmati rice with chinese food - because we are going to have to tonight 
Spinach and artichoke hot pockets 
@julieroberts1 me too!! my mom makes the best mex food!!  no joke, it's toooo yummy! whatdya eat???
couple fries short of a happy meal...thats me! 
@jennysunphoto @edwintcg @jonlow @keesitt @ShootDiva eat my portion  have fun!
Today I made pizza from scratch (dough &amp; everything else incl tomato sauce!) &amp; it came out DELISH!!  #organic #wholewheat #homemade
@ladylonline peanut butter and banana sandwiches are better 
@starkidnatl What else is new Starkidnatl...lol. I am glad you finally got you some food though 
@beachkid I advise that you microwave the bread before making the sandwich. 
@eatnik I'd much prefer to eat australian beef 
@TamaraSchilling LOL! Too bad I don't eat bacon. But thanks for the compliment! 
@fiercefeminist don't forget sunscreen! and a hat!  and canned food!   can't wait to see you!
@zackalltimelow *teriyaki 
I can hear my wife at the kitchen. Seems like I will have a surprise snack! 
@EthanSuplee apparently she has fantastic taste! 
@jasonruta And how did that soup taste??? 
@BondGyrl I love sushi, too! 
@rodrie a lackluster burrito here and there - although the seafood enchilada or fish taco really does well here 
food norning y'all! how wat the night ? I hope that U sleep well! going 2 eat yummy breakfast  bb 4 now!
then prolly sushi after  yay!!
@saimin: I made chops n onions with brown gravy 
cup a noodles 
my mummy made tuna lasagna. she had to do something right today! yummyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!! 
@zombietwitch lol, well, we could do Japanese food sometime soon with the other Finches alright? (: katsu-don! 
@msnono also id def go for frozen custard right now. why isnt shake shack open late? perfect drunk food. like chix&amp;rice, which i just ate 
@MPFranco I have an unlimited meal plan next year so you will never be hungry  plus @g_eazy aparently knows how to steal food from us lol
why was the tomato blushing? because he saww the salad dressing. hahahaa. that never gets olddd for mehh 
@xTasx: i'd love to see it  after it all, i think i could use the francisca goya :p
eating combos with my cousins  love pizza flavored combos
@nadiralaffin you heart indian curry. indian curry is your bffl 
@jilliandanner but I'm not giving up your gourmet meals and cable tv without a fight lol  I love you!!
@staceeeeee I like flaxseed pasta  yummy!
Just grabbed a bacon, egg and sausage roll  yum
@Pharmon I made it home.  And eating a tasty cup of noodle! haha  had fun tonight...thanks for coming out!
just came back from a nice big lunch with sweet someone...  juicy pork chops + orange juice + waffle with chocolate syrup... *slurp!!*
@lisangines It's just food haha. I'm no good at spanish! I just know my mothers cooking 
waiting for my pizza to arrive 
@janiecwales has just offered to make bacon and egg for breakfast, could I refuse - no way 
Tired, but happy I got to work out and eat ramen afterwards. 
.. had a wonderful meal with delicious wine ...the grappa at the end was a little intene but was fabulous nonetheless! 
is sitting at his computer eating a chicken and potato salad roll.. on white bread.. MMMMMMMMMMM! gotta love good food 
-@iruk We did eat late, but it was very yummy  Tomatoey-chickeny pasta
@depaulie10 Jbird told me I could finally spill the beans to you!!! 
@bryoz  I &lt;3 easter eggs though 
