Most common words for this cluster:
[('forever', 207), ('u', 8), ('taking', 6), ('lol', 6), ('gone', 6), ('haha', 5), ('something', 4), ('bff', 4), ('amp', 4), ('d', 4), ('days', 3), ('feel', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'forever', 0.9671699404716492), (u'Mikio_Tadano_bristles', 0.6392178535461426), (u'Ramallah_Jenin_Nablus', 0.6366307139396667), (u'forevermore', 0.6029444932937622), (u'Jadis_icy_spell', 0.5963596701622009), (u'Eldor_Schuman', 0.5883861780166626), (u'Menemon', 0.5814535617828369), (u'Vive_le_Tour', 0.5724130272865295), (u'eternally', 0.5711398124694824), (u'nearby_Lottsburg', 0.5692505240440369)]





@Tiredofbeinsexy i haven't tweeted at you in forever 
@andrevr yes, but sadly i can't make it  family commitment from forever ago...
@KarimJebari thanks for concern. No physical harm. I was just about to enjoy some malatang when I found my wallet forever gone. 
Why do the doctors that I choose always take forever?!?!  I hate waiting...it's been 30 mins already 
@BeyonceBoi yeah they're gonna put a forever 21 in its place. I miss that store. so many memories. 
Homeeee from vacation..  knew it couldn't last forever.
a moment can last a lifetime...and forever can fade away 
I'd forgotten how nice my uni bed was, could sleep forever in it, though does feel strangely empty 
is not good at all at saying goodbye to people he loves. Especially when it's most likely goodbye forever. 
i hate tuesdays they always seem to drag on forever! 
slept forever and now im up early...my sleeping schedule is off...kind of sad 
@muffinac same sweetie!!! We haven't talked in forever 
my car is officially dead...totaled..gone...forever 
working..forever!!!! 8:45-6 
Does it always take forever to upload videos ... 
@pradaprincesss you haven't tweetd in forever 
I am feeling sad, dissapointed, unloved, forgotten, and ignored  :'( why do I always get left out?
I want to cry forever 
It's going take me forever to clean my apartment.  
I am so paranoid. I don't want to spread the diseaaaaaaase.  I am stuck in this house forever!!!!!!!!!!
is tired of waiting forever for ships that don't come in 
Feels sick!  I want to eat pancakes, brinner forever!
I feel like i havent talked to tay bear in forever  and i would say i miss him, but then i would have to fix it. And i cant.
no fair i wanted to stay for forever 
I haven't slept in past 8:30 in forever! I missssssssss it 
It feels like I'm going to be miserable and heartbroken forever 
Staying up until forever, unfortunately 
@vanessalantin i feel like i havent seen you three in forever! 
is worried weheartit is down forever 
@_amberlovely noooo  i will not kill you, i'll keep you alive...forever ;)
@illyal awww yes i am but i only just saw this message!! i havent seen u in forever! 
ugh so tired i wish i could just curl up in bed and sleep for forever! 
waiting for my mcfly dvd to be delievered. seems like forever 
lol so my phone is now dead and gone forever 
@penbleth Don't leave forever! We'll miss you too much 
@FTSKirstin its taking forever to upload 
realizing that caring for a parent in extremely and rapidly deteriorating health 24-7 single handedly isn't do-able forever 
@tommcfly feels like you've been in brazil forever 
@rach210 awwh really? lucky u I haven't been in forever there aren't many rinks around 
haven't been on in forever 
@katyperry it wont let me change mine either! its taking forever to change 
workk till 2 then homework forever  PITCH BLACKK!
Its mornings like this where I wish I could sleep forever 
i miss my bestie sunset  skewl's only been out for 3 days but its like we havent seen each other in forever haha
ummm hasn't twittered in forever. sad 
@maleahdanner whaaat you're in lexington? What r u doing here whore? I haven't seen u in forever 
woahhh havent updated in forever 
@mimchan I know how you feel, I'm dying here I havnt been sick in like forever now I'm stuck in bed 
@angelzilla I know  But he still babbles like crazy so still baby like? I keep asking him to stay a baby forever and he just nods his head
@mostazzza that's forever from now 
@joanneadib what felt like forever 
I just cant seem to speak chinese properly. I'm going to spend forever trying to record my speech for my holiday homework 
omg!! noo  #andyhurleyday isn't a trending topic anymore  nooooooooo..going to cry !! forever #andyhurleyday
I think im going to be sick forever 
Seeing a ton of family i haven't seen in forever. This is fantastic. I wish i saw them more 
@faunaana oh god. that's horrible. i could live without meat forever, but not without fish. i feel for you! 
Its taking forever  I'm hongry
rest in peace duke nukem forever  #dnf
should just stop worrying. she keeps taking forever, but it's probably nothing 
Probably the worst I slept in forever. This blows 
being lazy in like... forever, still something missing though 
Nooooooooooooooooooooo. I have to work today. And for the rest of forever. 
done with spanish 3 forever! making pizza then getting my tooth filled.. 
@suzie_kennedy I know, we so have too. I haven't actually seen you in forever. That makes me sad 
@mileycyrus wait is hannah over forever or just season 3 is wrapping? i really dont want it to be over 
Waiting forever for something to download! 
@PoloDaDon1 where you goin? and i haven't talked to you in forever 
@JWeis seems like forever 
It seems ive forgotten how to sleep 
@QuynhT how are you? i haven't seen you in forever 
@Knittykim its taking forever for me to reach level 12 and i lost 100k of your moneyz bcos i fail math. 
I hate cloudy days, they seem like they last forever 
doing something i haven't done in forever: listening to phantom planet. miss them 
@CandiceRenae it feels like forever  I think my blackbaby got the flu from another provider &amp; not enough sleep. She may recover. luv u.
@miraclebabe1 but i want to the 8 ball wouldnt even answer me when i asked if i would be single forever ! 
where is my BFF i haven't talked to her in like forever...boohoo 
forever doing homework! 
I wish i could stop ageing  I want to be young forever and do crazy s*** for the rest of my life xD
@junita to the way of the dodo, gone forever. 
Waiting forever to get cam a haircut 
@RashaunTheDon variety? I want some  I havent had them in forever
@lisagj I've struggled with that forever..as much as I tell myself not to, I usually do trust folks...but 9 times out of 10, it burns me. 
@TieDyeTacos hey nick, is yours taking forever to process? cause mine is.... 
Last human sex lecture forever 
@fueledbyoreos ugh i tried that and its talking forever  
@BuddhaPhi feel better soon!  You've had this forever 
@ItsChelseaStaub ahhh chels... i wanted to go but i can't  dang.. and i haven't seen u in forever...
I want to sleep... forever. 
i can't sleep, i think im going to catch up on weeds. i havent watched since forever ! 
working forever  so so sad
@KimJasper haha hopefully asap! I haven't seen you in forever and a day! 
that was the worst sleep I've had in forever. 
@marialovesit feel better.  i haven't seen you in forever.
@LoganYogan oh no  i haven't been to youth group in forever :/ its not gunna be the same without youuu
blah. bad night. i wish i could just crawl into a hole and rot forever 
I have been reading this really good book forever that I can't seem to finish.  But if I don't I can't read anything else. 
i wish i could get a palm pre  too bad im an employee and have to wait forever to get one.
@AndrewMEFV i'd like to believe you're still my friend, but you have not talked to me in forever!  &lt;- sad face.
@feefaye i wish i could go. i'm stuck at the dorm studying forever 
@mawbooks For some reason your blog takes forever to load for me. 
I haven't twittered in forever 
wants to see my bff, hasn't seen her in like forever 
So sick  laying down forever
i have not tweeted in forever. 
@CohenOZXDS I'm afraid my theatre exile will go on forever.  
I'm keeping that beard forever. 
Just said bye to my little sisters.  Hopefully it won't take forever til I see them again.
@TheXDexperience seems like i aint talked to you in forever...i keep missing the calls 
@mahmoudtaji no idea, think once you hit the big D, its gone forever 
So i heard from my bff for once in like forever.  woohoo.
still struggling with writing 2nd paper which would probably take forever 
i haven't had chinese food in forever 
i love shopping @forever21! ..but hate da crazy lineup! 
this light is lame taking forever to turn green 
@kikieatscouture by the way, i miss you.  i havent talked to you in forever!!
i cant wait to get unsick  i feel like ive been sick forever now.
@nesitajai I miss my friend....I haven't &quot;talked&quot; to you in what seems like forever  
@piinkstilettos beyond fed up with the human race, that's all.  i feel like we haven't spoken in forever btw 
it's so hard to accept the fact your gone forever. i never new i could hurt like this. 
screweed D: rewriting speech. taking forever 
@teddyrised LOL because it does last forever 
@m1chellelim yea.  it seems like forever ago. 
@camillejay they'll be out of stock forever! no 
Grounded forever 
Its taking forever to import. 
waiting for him to come over  its taking forever!
@misterradd i havent seen you in forever it feels like 
Still can't quite believe I'm done with KIWIN's forever... 
@JennaOhJenna I miss you... we haven't hung out in forever... 
@alwaysrecycle lol i havnt seen him in forever... 
@blessedlynn omggg i have gone to p.f. chang's in forever  so sadd. lol i need to go at least once this summer! what did you get?? lol
i havent seen my bff all summer  but i get to see her tonmorrow! yay! collective squishy forever! 
this class is taking fucking forever and my ipod is dying. 
aw, but it seems he hasn't been posting in like forever.  I can't believe it!
@peterfacinelli i'm trying really hard to win this  i've been a fan forever.. #peterfacinelli
waiting forever for my mom to be done work  ugggh! so bored
At forever 21. Too bad i got no money on me. 
is lookin like a shlump! might be stuck in portland forever 
damn graduation ceremonys, they go on forever 
we belong together, for eternity 
@calikiks where are youuu! I feel like I haven't seen you in forever 
it's the 17th.. please just stay out of the state forever?.. ugh 
I havent this much in forever.. ugh 
@heyjeanna i feel like i haven't seen you  and your sis in forever.  me no likey.
@bustyrockets really? well i would try find it... but it was AGES ago so would take forever... soz!  x
@winerazzo We do too...haven't been in forever though 
#inaperfectworld I would stay seventeen forever. 
@ding_dong_ditch It will take forever to clean 
finished highschool  forever!
@langfordperry Where have you been? You haven't twittered in forever! Or maybe I'm following too many #iranelection Tweets to notice 
i miss my friend soooo much! aint seen or hung out with each other in forever!         sad face
wow. haven't been on here in forever. haha. i can't sleep, and no one's awake.  I am alone and it is rather spooky. D:
i want to remain in bed forever! *yaaaawwnnnn* 
This is going to take fucking forever. 
@BeaMarqz i haven't seen you since like, forever! 
I forgot how bad it hurts. and damn, does it hurt like hell. [I'm just going to sleep forever...  ]
@puncture hey gorgeous, how are youuuuu? feels like i haven't talked to you since forever 
@tommcfly tom, i miss you so much!  eu te amo haha. stay  in brazil forever.
i totally feel like i haven't tweeted in eons. sorry 
i mish greg, i feel like, i havent heard from him, in forever  ok like two days... xx
@ceceliafindorff hha we haven't talked in forever! i miss you.  how are youuuuu?! 
I'll be stuck with t-mobile forever! 
@karitrott  hows you ? (: feels like we haven't talked in forever 
ugh we hav bin on this stupid motorway forever!! 
so it's my first free weekend in forever and everyones else is busy! 
doesn't want you to go stupid tonight  but i can't be protective forever cause i love you
So sick...I want to crawl into bed and sleep forever 
at baggage claim  ugh its taking forever!!!!!!!!!
@KevinRButters It's wonderful --- I asked you about sad pics, etc because once I see something, I see it in my mind forever.  
@Mclovin094 we were expecting to see you at plaza :L they didnt have my dress in forever new any more 
@ThomasAtkins I miss you  I feel like I havnt seen you in forever!
@Chamallow35 damn, it will take like forever 
called to work sick, sleeping forever 
@the_oc_forever .......feeling they wont! 
i think my ipod died forever 
@esepulvedablvd WHAT!!! I'm so jealous!!!! I love both of those stores and haven't been in forever 
@trapmuzikent omg!!! I so didn't get it! Lol I'm slow. But sorry  I haven't talked to u in forever
Oh well, I couldn't keep it at 666 forever, try as I might 
bored missin the bebe I feel like I haven't seen him in forever 
@jefferymavers you haven't updated in forever! 
i really want booster juice. right now. but the closest one to here is like forever away 
@bananafish67 I'm going to call you tomorrow because I love you and I haven't talked to you in forever and I think you might be lonely.  
@serahhh I'd carry you if I could. Feels like we haven't spoken in forever 
is going to pregnant forever.  
@canvasxyz isn't it though? I've been waiting for the new cd forever, and of course there's no hot topic near me right now 
@Gamblest gammie... is your van forever dead? 
@Morrallii I havent talked you in forever 
i heart my new forever21 bag  
I love short stack forever &amp; ever 
Going to sleep... forever  &amp; excited about it!
should have been in bed forever ago!! goodnight 
ahhh, dlfjksdlkfj sorry for not being on in forever. how's everyone dooin? 
@theperfectlady I was looking at forever21 stuff 
just went to a bonfire  haven't been to one in forever!
crushingdreamssince2002  and forever!!!
@amywelborn2 Today is my daughter's second holy communion.   It'd be cool to keep track forever...
I haven't listened to @madinalake in forever and it's true. You can fall in love twice 
I wish I could sleep forever 
@liltwist twist cld u follow me  ill love u forever
boopboopboop. still talking to ashley &amp; brittany.  i've been talking to ashley for forever, and our convo still goes places. we're awesome
http://twitpic.com/5d2zm - forever and ever,don't matter what 
Live forever, never say never. You can do better 
@survivorqueen this is my second attempt to get into it professionally but I've been drawing and writing forever. 
melinda will be known as biancaaaa forever!!! 
I can't even begin to express to you how happy I am that I am done with Spanish... forever. 
interview at five thirty tomorrow for forever 21! so exciting. 
@physcogramma Wow!! U haven't been on here in forever! How ya been?? 
finally thursday. that took forever!  I heart vegas.
http://twitpic.com/65vp4 - @CaptEdgarSuperb this always 'n' forever peacock is talkin' 'bout us, boo. 
@taylorswift13 was looking around your myspacepage  your forever my #1 rolemodel!
@kirstyrawrr haha they will be jealous forever! @andyclemmensen your the most jealous 
