Most common words for this cluster:
[('france', 400), ('air', 314), ('plane', 75), ('families', 39), ('passengers', 38), ('http', 36), ('people', 33), ('news', 28), ('thoughts', 26), ('crash', 22), ('missing', 21), ('paris', 20)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'France', 0.8537625074386597), (u'Air', 0.7036672234535217), (u'extradites_Noriega', 0.6807073950767517), (u'Villebon_Sur_Yvette', 0.654441237449646), (u'PARIS_AFX_Gaz_de', 0.640640377998352), (u'called_Xynthia_blew', 0.6372248530387878), (u'international_Dominique_Rocheteau', 0.6065382361412048), (u'COLVILLE_SUR_MER', 0.6040734648704529), (u'Brive_la', 0.5954383611679077), (u'Anny_Cazenave', 0.5943872332572937)]





is stucked in Paris and can't even travel into France (for work) 
is back from France 
@atebits I'm not asleep, I'm in France!!! 
@spinningbball better than nothing  in France there's no movies. what about price?
I feel bad for France 
wants to learn french again.  O' France.
@MsGourmet yes! I'm on vac on France, my friends over there send some sms 2 let me know they can't check my blog!  ..not much I can do
finally back from hols in France, apparently I'm not allowed holiday ever again 
I'm getting really sad that I'm leaving tomorrow  I'm gonna miss everyone sooo much! I just can't belief I'm actually going to France ahh!
I'm getting really sad I'm leaving tomorrow  I'm gonna miss everyone sooo much! I just can't believe I'm actually going to France waahh!!
Saying my final goodbyes to my parents before they're off to France! 
@rybakontwit even thought I can't buy it for the moment -i'm in France  I love it (listened on your myspace !!!!) favorite : 13 horses.
1 year since France   miss it so much, best week of my life
At the airport in France going back to the Netherlands 
@danielboys Use sun cream!! Really can't wait for your album but in France so may miss the signing   Lots of love and best wishes.
Air France Airbus drops off the radar almost 5 hours ago    http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8076848.stm
An Air France aircraft has disappeared from radar between Rio and Paris 
Praying for the passengers on board Air France jet 
Just hearing about the missing Air France aircraft, really hope everyone is alright, but without any contact for so long it's not good 
Oh noes  Sounds as though that Air France jet has gone down.
France lost a plane between rio and Paris 228person on board. 
uh oh...Air France jet is missing.  http://bit.ly/GqBXf
praying for safety of passengers on the Air France plane... 
WTF???  Air France flight disappeared from radar.  That sucks 
can't sleep, sad news about Air France. 
An Air France plane carrying 228 people from Brazil to France has gone missing over the Atlantic. - http://bit.ly/HOhBr - 
oh shit: http://ping.fm/0GuRD (Air France jet disappears mid-flight) 
Really hope the Air France flight disappearance from radar  is down to technology and not something worse  http://bit.ly/4zWiM
Is in Nice and the weather is glorious, but thinking of the crew, pax and their families of the Air France A330. 
Air France 447 from Rio to Paris is over an hour late and has disappeared from the radar.  This is not good 
Air France 447 inbound from Brazil to Paris disappears... shit, I have controlled that flight LOTS of times... 
Air France flight just disappeared!!! Doesn't sound very good  - (238 on board)
Praying that the passengers on the Air France place are found safe and unharmed 
is reading about the Air France aircraft gone done between Brazil and Paris   http://bit.ly/oP6Ym
I hope the Air France plane defies the odds and is found safe. 
really concerned about Air France jet disappearing 
wow  An Air France plane carrying at least 228 people from Brazil to France has gone missing over the Atlantic.
oh god I didn't realise I hope they find the Air France plane 
&quot;Air France have 'lost hope' of finding missing plane&quot; 
Not looking good RE: the Air France flight from Brazil 
Yikes an Air France plane is missing  Not good news to wake up to
Terrible news: Air France flight from Brazil with 228 people has been lost at sea: http://tr.im/AFcrash I took that flight 3 years ago 
Air France aircraft missing... Not looking good 
is baking alive at work - keeping up to date with this Air France flight... shocking 
Fearing the worst regarding the Air France passenger jet with 215 people on board dropping off radars...  
What horrible news about the missing Air France plane ... my thoughts are with family &amp; friends of passengers &amp; crew 
@kombib Pretty sad it is  #Atlantic #Paris Air France
@ieeeeriss Yes I live in France and weather's not good at the moment! 
Hopefully they find the missing Air France jet and the 200+ people on it.. 
Ouch, o dva tyzdne pojdem tou istou linkou Air France   http://is.gd/LqRW
What a terrible news about the Air France plane gone missing near Brazil... 216 passengers on board. 
working.. reading about possible Air France aircraft crash 
just said a prayer for the passengers of the missing Air France jet 
Mon coeur se brise pour vous... mes chers.  &quot;Air France plane on its way from Brazil to Paris has gone missing&quot;
Prayers for the family of the air France plane that is missing. 
Having just crossed the Atlantic this makes me sick: http://bit.ly/lX3kv Air France plane is missing en route from Brazli to Paris 
@4RustedHorses yeah Air France eeek they usually happen in 3's 
@tgeriksen sad news about the Air France plane. 
The Air France plane doesn't sound good. 
Air France 447 is missing on route from Brazil to France, 220+ people on-board  http://plurk.com/p/xms4g
Watching the Air France events unfold - never a good time to be working in an airline 
Just heard the awful news about the Rio-France Air-France flight...praying for the 228 passengers and crew 
@AriaaJaeger Air France said that flight #447 cannot be still flying now 
All 228 on board Air France feared dead  http://bit.ly/13iKGx
Praying for the Air France crew and passengers 
Air France A330 confirmed down 
Here's a link from @skynewsaust with more info on the missing Air France Airbus  http://tinyurl.com/njnkwn So sad 
An Air France plane that disappeared with 228 people on board today has almost certainly crashed with no survivors - http://tr.im/n2dm 
Praying for the passengers and families of the Air France flight 
Hopes people from the Air France plane will be okay. 
My prayers are with those passengers in the Air France flight that went missing....   www.reuters.com
imma reconsider taking Air France for a few..not feelin too sure about that one  right now!
Praying for the families of Air France flight 447.  Such a tragic event 
Wow this missing Air France plane story is scary and sad 
About that Air France flight?  
@lastyearsgirl_ that's cool!  too bad I'm not in France anymore (   ) because I could have flew over to help out w/ stuff!
I have too much empathy. I can't stop thinking about how the mother of the infant on board that Air France flight felt as it went down 
Just seen the news regarding the Air France flight 
I really hope all the people who were on that Air France jet are ok 
I am shocked about the &quot;Air France&quot; catastrophe 
Air France plane from Rio to Paris missing, 228 people on board. plane assumed somewhere between Brazil and Africa 
As an A330 &amp; 737 qualified pilot, it is frustrating to hear so much anti-Airbus sentiment towards a great plane.  Thoughts to Air France 
the poor people in the Air France plane 
Everyone please pray for all those on board Air France flight 447 and their families-hope they find them. 
Oh my god! The Air France jet that was going to Paris that disappeared over the Atlantic had 7 children and a baby 
reading about Air France thing, http://bit.ly/OJRsI 
My thoughts go out to the passengers and families of the missing Air France plane. I hope they're still alive 
thinking about this air France flight 447- crazy stuff 
My Thoughts and prayers go to everyone involved in the terrible Air France flight loss.   
working today, while almost everyone else in France is enjoying a public holiday.   Streets are empty in Paris.
Waiting for the list of passengers on board of flight Air France 477 Rio-Paris  228 people
Shockingly sad news regarding the Air France jet, my thoughts are are with the missing passengers families at this time. 
Todays a good day to be me. Not a good day for 288 people on an Air France plane. 
7 children 1 baby, 82 women, 126 men on the flight Air France 447  Rio to Paris 
so sad, just read the news about the Air France flight...when I read Paris in ttopics I was like &quot;Not again, what's she done this time?!&quot; 
heard about Air France #447...very sad news to start the week  
Air France flight missing from Brazil to Paris. Weird and sad 
the Air France accident is very ominous 
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone aboard that Air France flight, very tragic 
@itskimpossible An Air France plane.  The same kind I will be flying in September.  
@sara_underwood I want to express my condolences to the families of the doomed Air France flight.... 
This missing Air France plane is so awful   http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/01/air.france.brazil/index.html
Our thoughts go out to the families of the Air France jet currently missing 
@lydiette ini ada band namanya Air France? Did u know that there's an incident re Air France...228 lives were lost... 
Air France disappearing plane = wow 
So sad hearing about the Air France flight that's missing 
keeping the people aboard Air France flight 477 &amp; their loved ones in mind...so sad 
Air France confirms plane crash... 228 feared dead 
Sadness about the Air France plane  poor people
I hope and pray Air France 228 people did not suffer in any way 
SO freaked out after hearing about the AIr France crash 
I'm flying with Air France in July, I don't like the news of their flights disappearing. 
The Air France jet thing is so fucking terrifying and sad... it's really upsetting.  http://tinyurl.com/n7v3rh
that's so sad about that Air France plane. 
Air France flight crash.  http://al.ly/w4_
omg!  this Air France story tugged on my heart strings.....my prayers are for all those affected 
The Air France missing flight does not look good. 
wouldn't have known about the Air France incident if it wasnt for @tommcfly. it's sad to hear. praying for them &amp; their families. 
omgoodness :| the missing Air France plane is scary 
3 Irish citizens on board Air France flight. 
#Air France: I think they got abducted by aliens 
I just read about the Air France missing plane, I hope they find it soon  I wonder why such tragedies have to happen. It's so sad.
My condolences to the families with relatives on the Air France flight. 
Air France plane crash off the coast of Brazil makes me a sad panda. 
My prayers to the ones in the Air France flight and their families. This is so sad! 
&quot;We are without a doubt faced with an aviation catastrophe.&quot;- anAir France chief executive. 
sada about Air France. thoughts to all families and friends 
awful about the Air France plane 
Watching the headlines for any new info about the Air France crash 
Praying for all 228 passengers aboard the Air France crash...so sad  http://bit.ly/uuHqI
I'm sad I didn't see the mtv movie awards last night I live in France 
Thoughts are with those on the Air France plane thats gone missing 
Is feeling sad for the Air France victims. 
Air France tragedy getting worse:80Brazilians73French18German9italians5chinese4Hungarians,6northamericans2 spanish2English2africans2Irish 
The Air France flight was such a terrible catastrophe! Makes me worried when I travel to t he Galapagos in 7 days... 
I feel so sorry to the friends and families of the ppl who were killed in the Air France flight. 
@gulpanag its not missing anymore! Air France confirmed it crashed! 
first time in 2 weeks that i actually studied all day - about the Air France flight: so sad and scary! 
 Air France, its so sad.
thinking how each of those killed in Air France crash might have felt just before the jet went down...  really sad...
Pray for the 165 passangers of the Air France flight! The president of France doesn't think there are any survivors. 
R.I.P. To The victims and families of the Air France flight that has crashed. 228 people feared to be dead 
Our thoughts go out to the friends and families of the passengers on the AIr France flight. 
One more air crash  , Air France aircraft from Brazil to Paris was lost in mid Atlantic 
wow the Air France thing is such a sad story 
wow .. just heard about the Air France flight. so upsetting. i hope they can at least find it for, you know, a sort of closure. bummer. 
I hope they find the passengers of the Air France 447 
really hopes they find that Air France plane that went down....how sad 
jesus poor people on Air France flight, I hate turbulence but they say planes can withstand that! I fly in 2 weeks 
Starting to develop a fear of flying..  Thoughts and prayers go out to Air France victims 
have they found the Air France plane yet?? please tell me they have..and everyone is safe 
Feeling sick about the missing Air France plane 
So sad for the Air France 447 flight...  I wish they would find out what happened... and find all of those people
prayers to those on the lost Air France flight and their relatives 
So sad about the Air France flight...  
People on Air France flight still missing.  http://tinyurl.com/lubmuq
sending my condolences out to the families and loved ones of passengers &amp; crew members aboard Air France flight 447 
my prayers go to the 228 passengers of Air France 447 
thinking of everyone whose loved one's were on that Air France flight to CDG airport how awful 
wonders where the Air France flight went? 
gosh, this Air France news is very sad...   dunno if they are going to find this one. been hearing the  same news since morning.
I wanna go back to the beach  but then again I could have been on that Air France flight.
no news on the Air France flight??? 
They probably will never find Air France plane. 
My heart goes out to everyone experiencing heartache over the Air France flight 
I deeply condole to families of 228 ppl who went missing with Air-France flight 447 
just heard about the Air France flight, so tragic 
Condolences to Air France 
Man. I hope Air France flight 447 is allright. I wouldn't get my hopes up though. 
Yikes it seems like Air France has had too many accidents in recent history... Concorde...Montreal...and now Brazil 
well i'm feeling sad for the family of who were in Air France plane that disappear  im so sorry !
well i'm feeling sad for the family of who were in Air France plane that disappear  im so sorry !
Working and following the news about the Air France incident 
I feel sad about the crashed Air France flight  This is why I HAAAATE to fly!!!
The Air France story is so SO sad. 
Air France missing over the atlantic  http://bit.ly/9CzGJ 
Air France flight 447  F-GZCP : loss of cabin pressure at 35000 feet - very slim chance of emergency landing -  very sad!! 
My prayers are with the friends and family of Air France flight 447... I am so sorry 
The Air France incident is really sad  http://digg.com/d1sdXi
Mourning for people we lost in the Air France mishap early this morning 
my thoughts go out to the families and friends of, as well as the passengers of the Air France flight from Rio to Paris. so horrible 
@geekandahalf Just found out via a tweet and quite sad as well.  Not how I want to go at all.   (re.  lost Air France flight)
is very saddened by the news of the Air France flight 
Man... this whole Air France thing is so horrible! I pray they find something so that these families can have some closure. 
feels sad about that missing Air France plane. What must the families affected be going through? 
Can't believe the Air France disaster! so heartbreaking 
So sad about the missing Air France plane. 
My thoughts go to the people in the missing Air France plane. So sad. 
Wreckage of missing Air France flight found by Senegal!   http://bit.ly/pOmm4
The Air France thing is so fucking sad, ugh  I hope they at least recover the bodies so that the families can have proper burials
I sure feel badly about the Air France airplane that's missing.  
sad for what happened with Air France here in Brazil  
my thoughts are still with those lost souls on Air France Paris flight....saw sad pics of family getting news at airport-bad paps 
So sad about Air France flight ... i still want to hold out hope though that they find someone alive even though i know it isn't possible 
feeling sick.. and thinking aboute the Air France flight .. 
@totemrat hear about the air France crash? not good 
The Air France plane is scaring and depressing me today. 
Air France crash has been loacted by Senegal SAR teams!! 
let us pray for all the passengers of the missing Air France jet... 
Wow I hope the people on flight 447 air France are ok . I hold out hope for them 
the Air France disaster is making me very apprehensive 
 I'm thinking about the Air France plane and all the passengers on it. 
My thoughts are with the families, friends and victims of Air France 447... 
My condolences to the passengers and crew of Air France 447, and their family and friends.  This is a very sad tragedy. 
Air France passengers send text messages &quot;I'm afraid&quot; &quot;I love you&quot; to loved ones before plane disappears...,thats the saddest  R.I.P.
@corinne I can count on my fingers the friends I have overseas :/ none in France...  when the time is right i'll find a couch!  (hope)
praying for the people of the Air France flight.. ! 
I'm going to sleep, but before, I'll be praying for the people of the Air France flight.. 
so sad about Air France flight 
Is thinking about the passengers and crew on Air France 
1 canadian on the lost Air France flight 
And still no new news of the Air France flight 
praying for the families, friends and passengers on air France 
Sandly case Air France is missing  and our sister Aeromexico is part of the sky team alliance with Air France ..im hoping some hope
So sad about Air France 
My heart goes out to those people on the Air France flight 
Still sick to my stomach over the missing Air France flight. 
praying for those passengers on the Air France plane that is missing 
PS - pray for the Air France passengers. I can't even imagine.. 
a pilot who flew by the flight path of the Air France flight saw what he thought was fire on the ocean last night 
has a brother going to France for 2 weeks and very bad hayfever... 
those poor passengers that are lost on the A330 Air France plane...  
So sad about the Air France jet.  How does a plane just go missing? 
LOL So sad about the Air France jet. How does a plane just go missing? 
counting down the days till london - lucky it isnt with Air France...what a tragedy 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of Air France flight 447.  
Still no news 'bout the #Air France case.. sad 
thoughts go out to all families who are waiting for news on the Air France vanishing plane 
i feel so sad for the families and loved ones of the 228 passengers of AIR France 
#Air France ... so tragic 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the Air France victims 
@ASOS What about France? 
those poor passengers that are lost on the A330 Air France plane... 
those poor souls on that Air France flight 
Going on holiday a month today! Not looking forward to the 10hour flight  especially after what has happened the air France plane!
Where's my Air France airplane? 
Where's the Air France airplane? 
I really hope that the Air France plane is found, just for the peace of mind for all the families of the people on the plane 
My heart goes out to all the relatives who have lost family and/or friends aboard Air France 
praying for the family of the Air France passengers 
I miss my mommy  I wish I was at home instead of hereeeeeee...After that Air France joint I'm scared to fly back to the states :-\
have they found Air France flight 447? my prayers goes to the victims and their families. i still hope some people survives.. 
can't stop thinking about all those poor people on that Air France flight... 
the Air France mystery really scares me... 
France's plane crash incident  http://plurk.com/p/xvgxp
Feels so bad for the people on Air France 
So sad about Air France tragedy - I hope they find the black boxes very soon - a light has gone out of the hearts of many 
So sorry to hear about Air France plane 
Feels awful for the Air France passengers and their families 
The Air France plane - they found a seat.. how sad.. I was hoping the ppl would be on yellow boats on the sea.. well this is life 
Events that happen like the Air France flight make me NOT want to be cabin crew...or go away 
@JennaIsWriting Me too. I was hoping the Air France plane somehow managed to land safely somewhere + just couldn't contact anyone yet. 
My thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of those on the Air France jet   http://bit.ly/Uow8F
praying for the families of the Air France passengers... 
My prayers go to the Air France victims 
This whole Air France thing is sad   I feel for the relatives.
I'm actually quite sad about the Air France mystery 
Missing Air France plane may have been found. http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/02/brazil.france.plane.missing/index.html 
&quot;Air France&quot; ....   hope there ok .. thoughts are with the familys
oh man... they found debris from the Air France flight... praying for the families of the 228 passengers 
Oh the thrill of motorhome rentals! Just been informed Brest Depot in France is being closed! But why?  Its such a popular location!
Air France flight 447... a moment of silence. 
watching Air France tragedy on new, my prayers go out to all 
my thoughts are with the Air France passengers and crew &amp; their families... so sad 
heartbroken over the families of Air France. when we live our lives traveling, it hits home hard. praying for all involved. 
I think i lost all my hope for survivors o flight 447 Air France 
Brazil says debris found in Atlantic is that of Air France flight #447 : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8080290.stm  
Huge headache.. and my heart breaks for the families of the people in the Air-France plane  my thoughts and prayers are with them, hugs
praying for the passengers and crew of the Air France flight 
One of my astrology friends knew someone quite well on the Air France flight 
lets all pause and pray for the victims of the Air France tragedy.. 
Air France incident scares me, I fly at least once every two months... 
just heard about the Air France crash.  so sad.   well, im off to dissolve into my bed.  goodnight
praying for Air France flight 447... 
feel so sorry for the people aboard Air France flight and their families 
The story of Air France 447 is so tragic! 
Praying that the Air France plane did not go down due to an act of terrorism... So many innocent lives lost 
Investigators found remnants of the Air France plane crash but still no survivors. saaaad 
Praying that the #Air France plane did not go down due to an act of terrorism... So many innocent lives lost 
Thoughts and prayers go out to those who lost loved ones in the Air France crash. So tragic 
why doesn't anyone believe me when I say the missing passengers from the Air France flight are on THE island... 
i'm feeling sorry for Air France 
Air France wreckage found, official says   http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/americas/06/02/brazil.france.plane.missing/index.html
...that Air France crashed was awful 
Air France plane wreckage found  http://bit.ly/L5U5q
@gonkyouka oh my god....its really sad....condolences...to the victim of the Air France...huhu its really a very sad news 
They are showing BBC news with the Air France crash story... probably not the best choice at this time but it is top news.  
Air France... how sad. 
Air France! please come home  we miss you..
Im currently listening to France 24 in preparation for my exam tomorrow its talking about the horrific Air France tragedy! 
so sorry to hear about Air France... 
is upset about Air France 447 
Air France had a guy from Stonehaven on it.. 20mins up the road - abso gutted for his family 
One of the flight attendants on Air France plane was on her first flight back from maternity leave...4 month old at home. So, so sad. 
SARS .. H1N1 .. Air France ..  please cherish your life, people ..
Air France still missing. 
My thoughts are with the passengers of the Air France flight and their families !!  so sad 
debris in atlantic confirmed to be Air France. sad.. 
I really hope they find the black box for Air France 
I really hope they find the black box for Air France 
what happen to the Air France really depresses me.... 
@fayerokko 1 Filipino was on board during that Air France incident 
how do i do to have a pale skin while i'm half italien n french , live in south of France , i want skin brown!! 
I still can't get over the Air France... it sure is very tragic..  I'll keep on praying that there may be survivors found...
Air France plane was found n the ocean 
The Air France crash is so sad 
I really hope they find the black box for Air France  http://tinyurl.com/pemwuh
I really hope they find the black box for Air France  http://is.gd/N54p
I really hope they find the black box for Air France  http://twurl.nl/5uyojm
I really hope they find the black box for Air France  http://twurl.nl/5uyojm
Air France plane may have been bombed, says pilot 
My heart goes out to all who lost loved ones in Air France flight 447!! 
my deepest condolences to the victims of Air France 447. 
just heard some shocking news a dear friend and fellow musician/harpist Ceren Necipoglu was a passenger on the Air France flight. 
I found out today that two of my friends' realtive was on the Air France plane. So sad 
I found out today that a relative of two friends of mine was on the Air France plane. So sad 
The disappearance of Air France really is peculiar. 
Not excited about flying Air France on Wednesday 
@fitprosarah Looks like we will BOTH have to go tomorrow! She is tired from a trip 2 France. 
They've apparently found bodies from the Air France flight. I guess they're not holed up on a creepy island with the Others after all. 
#Air France my heart just breaks for those families  2 bodies found
Bodies found from the missing Air France plane..  http://tinyurl.com/qorsro
my thoughts are with the Air France victim's family and friends 
2 bodies found from Air France flight 447 
this Air France stuff is reeeally not helping me get over the fear of flying before we go 
Bodies found from Air France crash, it's a sad sad day.  Thoughts are for those on who were on board  http://bit.ly/10DFX7  #feedly
so sad to hear about todays findings with Air France 
the Brazilian search crews have discovered debris and bodies recently regarding to the air France crash last week 
&quot;Bodies found from tragic Air France flight&quot; - http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article6444498.ece   
just realized is mother's day today in France. fuck!!! i wish i could have lunch with my mum now. 
checking out pics of France....now I have travel sickness   I need to get out of the states and fo some traveling......
in France.. and watchin Fedex winning on TV 
Ours, that tragedy, the fall of the airplane of the Air France 
@robmacca I'm running away to France to escape the pain of not going 
reading about the Air France tragedy makes me sad 
i'am looking for friends in Bordeaux (France), anybody?????   lol
Bodies recovered from the June 1 Air France flight  http://bit.ly/17fD61
is following the Air France story. 
@mcflymusic rain, on the north of the France 
My head hurts.I feel like going to France and sipping lattes there as I paint. 
Wish i was in France 
@SAbbottCayman Don't remind me - my Tour de France trip is 2.5 weeks away, and I still have at least a month's worth of work to do... 
You know how the French are well known for good food and stuff? There's none of that in Air France's Dubai lounge 
Still fascinated with this Air France deal 
@fred_dela for France only 
@ddlovato, i can't find it in France 
@ddlovato I'll love to come to your show but it's impossible because I live in France 
so wish twitter worked on phones in France 
Just found out a woman who escaped that Air France disaster cos she missed the flight died in a car crash 2 days later...  crazy shit!
@wakachamo well, Air France, then there was a big helicopter crash off of Canada, now that plane whose pilot died mid-flight. 
There's only 2 cities where there's a Starbucks in France,and they're all in Northern France(Paris &amp; Lyons) 
Another cooking program  have you noticed that in France, a country obsessed with good food, there are very few cookery programs.
1 of my fav persons is going to travel to France.. i'll miss him so much! i can't find the words to describe how much i love him.. so sad 
Girlfriend gone to France for 5 days.  Missing her already!
@befashionlike www.JessieADORE.com ...I miss France 
Doing a favor for one of my mentors back in France and then hitting the sack. It's late already 
last day in France 
Air France kitchen found in ocean with meals still stuck in cabinets...so sad 
Air France #447 ruptured in mid-air.   http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/06/19/france.brazil.crash/index.html
@ashleytisdale I would like but I'm in France 
@JesseMcCartney How does it work. We can't call this number from France lol 
@slimmz its aiight.. and na my cousin left to France with it  *tears* i learned to love that shit *sigh*
@yfrog Thanks for info!  If interested, I live in France and the ad that shows up on your web page with flashing red border is irritating 
I'd love to visit France again...it's been a while! 
I left those leggings that I bought in the hotel in France 
had a fantastic morning! gotta do some hill training... REGRETING not going to tour de France! 
I'm in France right now, it's raining  The theatre was very funny !! I sang abba solo-song for the first time, and that was really scary.
good morning every body! there's no sun in France 
what happened to summer????  it's freezing in my bit of France today 
@iamjonathancook Nothing booked for France soon? i wanna see u 
@teainagarden I really really want to read at least one book, but finding them in France is very difficult. 
@hornerakg We're gonna miss you in France this year 
@prudentinvestor No wonder France is number 9 as a police state  no freedom around here http://bit.ly/8jIln
in France tmrw 
Having a great time on France, thanks for asking...   http://twitpic.com/2y7xo
@tommcfly Come in France , it's sunny and warm 
really loves wearing her French tights + shorts...    Makes me happy and reminds me of France...yay.  
just booked the ticket to France.  
Recovering from a lovely but slightly stressful weekend in France 
@gfalcone601 you happy that Frankies back from France  xx
France and sunshine in 2 days 
@mitchelmusso aww so cooool! can't wait for the album!!  hope you will come to France :p love you &lt;3
by the way, I think i'll tweet tonight after work at 11pm (in France) 
How can a place of business be open 4 hours per weekday and even exist? Bienvenue en France 
@johanbruyneel i count 12 Tour de France wins... 
i'm going to France! 
@joebeleznay I'm really loving your 'Indians in France' song 
