Most common words for this cluster:
[('friday', 259), ('monday', 239), ('sunday', 111), ('it', 110), ('saturday', 103), ('day', 100), ('thursday', 77), ('my', 75), ('today', 73), ('tuesday', 71), ('morning', 67), ('wednesday', 66)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Friday', 0.7917740345001221), (u'Monday', 0.7853607535362244), (u'Thursday', 0.776628851890564), (u'Tuesday', 0.7699615359306335), (u'Wednesday', 0.7688586115837097), (u'Sunday', 0.7371388673782349), (u'Saturday', 0.725648820400238), (u'Yesterday', 0.6238642334938049), (u'The', 0.5883204340934753), (u'Thurday', 0.5790953636169434)]





@JamesHancox That was a great idea, I invited her to Queen Vic market with me on Friday.Then realised it was Good Friday and it's closed 
@Jeni86 Its only Tuesday gorgeous!! hasnt even reached mid week yet 
my fave hairdresser still isn't back  Hope I don't get a rubbishy cut on Friday! So.many.dead.ends &gt;_&lt;
@twentyfourbears I miss snow in April. It snowed here....uhhh twice? maybe? and it was ages ago  I would have danced with you!
@danecook - something came up and i'm going to miss your show on May 2nd in Jersey. It was my birthday present from my girls - 
@mynameisTod  Thanks for the wishes Todd.  I haven't updated Twitter.  I had to put him down on Tuesday.  It was for the best. 
@timmetry Noes. It's Saturday. It'll be slow all day. 
@Aurapooh Just a silly wee illness. It has self resolved. I'm back to work on Monday  anyway; time foe the daily update.
Stuck at work on an absolutely gorgeous Saturday. This is so unfair 
Shit, didn't blog on Friday. Being ill sucks 
has finished work and is sitting on the train with his sister. She leaves on Monday 
@kayce_m I feel like a douchebag. Now I miss on the chance to have it altered by Wednesday if it WAS a bit off.  Which it most likely is.
@Jinxie_G Just found out daughter is leaving for Kentucky early Tuesday morning.  
Having a really down night.   It's good I'm talking to a counselor on Monday. These unfounded worries about my imminent death are annoying
It's Sunday! That means Lost tonight! I love Sundays for this reason, but it also means I have work tomorrow 
Waking up and going to work. I hate it and would so much rather go to church today. Maybe next Sunday 
Deadline on Wednesday, but can't write!!  Having separation anxiety with my 10-year old mobile number.
Sunday should be a day to lounge around and do nothing! Today would be perfect if I could find some decent Mexican food in this town 
@BrianNeudorff  Yes, tis a rainy day here in #Chicago! Tought to take after 75 degrees and sunny Saturday! Today it's 55 degrees. 
@basics Matthew! It's already Sunday. 
Poor dog hurt his leg Friday playing with other dogs at Central Bark. Probably going to need to see the vet Tuesday 
@pdwhite522  Sadly probably not until Wednesday.  sawy
@jaycloth yes hes been missing since Friday night. Nobody has seen him 
@michallovemusic Studying is like taking over my life! Ahhh!!! So many exams in May it's actually not even funny! 
When is Nichos Kingdom out??? Everyone was saying it was out on Monday but is not out!  
@marsgirl86 Nope hun, can't make it    Have to be at work Monday morning, oh well, maybe a trip to the US later this year ;)  have fun 
Where is Stanford U CS193P Lecture 5? It's already Monday leh... 
Morning World. Just another crappy Monday 
@klminton And now it's Monday  Thanks for following - I love All Saints cafe &amp; guess you are therefore only one county north of here
And Monday. Trying to find a polite way to tell a client we are removing our logo from their site, and their site from our portfolio 
Well that's the weekend misery over...A lovely 8 hours working on a Sunday to really put me in the mood for a Monday morning 
@MattMorimoto Because I am in Chicago where it has rained for past 24 hours and not gonna stop 'til Tuesday 
Monday mornings... combining mondays with mornings, two things that I'm not overly fond of...  Thankfully I've already had a nice coffee.
No nails and no book.  But I do have the complete series of 'My So Called Life' and some ice-cream to salvage this day we call Monday.
Wembley was fun yesterday, great venue, probably the right result pitch awful.  Still can't shake this cold  but at least its Monday! 
I hate the rain and it keeps raining here in NOVA.  It was sunny on Sunday but I was in class all day.   
@circa1985circus Yes that isvery true. Sometimes I might get carried away, but it's an urgent matter. soft news Its Monday 
time for the Monday morning meeting  Anyone else want to go in my place? Anyone ...anyone at all???
Gah... its Monday. And its raining. 
Having near 80 weather on Saturday and now having a gloomy 46 degree Monday... Not fair 
@eeUS We were thinking Friday, but now that we're opening up the Summit that morning, I think we're out of luck! 
@DanClough87 It's an important fight! Sadly it'll probably take a blow on Wednesday 
Aww, I close Saturday. That means I can't go to prom with Amy. 
Morning dear people, looks like another glorious day in sunny Ashton. However, I shall be stuck indoors getting my draft ready for Friday 
Saturday..working  Our 5.5 work days is back.
I hate being bored on Friday nites   Especially bored and lonely with New Hair :-/
Well last night of holiday, 10 hours driving tomorrow, then back to work on Monday 
I've just realised: it's bank holiday on Monday! My 3 day weekend is just a regular weekend - &amp; I was happy while blissfully unaware. 
I hate web blockers, stupid company. At least I have my iPod to keep me company on this quietest of Saturdays. It'll be worse on Monday 
@RebelSean We had double the amount of rain we normally get in April. Another wet year here in Toronto 
Feels great not having to work on a Saturday. It will probably be one of the last Saturdays I don't work in a long, long time 
tick tock, tick tock... still waiting Comcast...  This was NOT how I wanted to spend my Saturday morning.  
@bsneed23 I went another place and they said it was $250 to start but they don't do breaks on Saturday. Today is it for me for 2 weeks! 
At work on a Saturday  What more can I say....
@Emilyk4 Where is there sun? It's been raining here all day?! Supposed to continue until Wednesday! 
I am sooo tired. I`ve had a long week and my feet hurt! My son has surgery this Monday so I`m sad. 
@evananda @SusanHolsinger Thanks so much 4 the ollow friday!  I've been presenting at a conference and totally missed twitter Friday 
Just did all of my bills for May all at once.  My bank account is going to have a seizure come Monday morning when everything hits it. 
College? On a Sunday?! This is madness!  Only 3 days until our exam...Oh dear. But it's ok, I have the mittens.
@jona_thin For me it's just usual Sunday night dreadness. 
Hope everybody has a nice Sunday. It's gonna be raining here so sucks for me 
@MissOceania What is this thing called &quot;working on a Sunday&quot;?(Having said which, in my case, what is this thing called &quot;working&quot;?  *sigh*)
Not happy that I might have to miss the So Solid re-union at Apts on Friday  BOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Sunday, the best day of the week to stay in bed! However, that's not the case for me today! 
Hate Sunday... So close to Monday and school is monday. 
@YeahItsCase EVERYTHING  is on Wednesday. Which is when I work. 
@Emily83g i heard   but not if I win the fan pass. I'll find out on Wednesday. If not then it'll be fun to be there anyway LOL
Is online banking supposed to be closed on a Sunday? The last thing I need is for my tuition check to bounce because I can't transfer. 
If anybody's up, they should text/call/IM. It's always so lonely on a Sunday night because all the good students are sleeping early. 
It's Monday, let's go to work. My knee hurts...  Public transport for me today.
@shasbe I took Monday for that very purpose. Except all the kids in the family will be here later 
Well. . . the beginning of a new week and guess where I am. . . at the office  4more days till Friday. . .    
....Bank holiday Monday? What bank holiday Monday! 
@judez_xo My throat is soooo ruined right now  I dont know how im going to sing on Thursday ahha! I am playing xbox what you up to missy?
@jewlicious Work   The dreaded Monday morning pre-work tweet.
@kalixy That's exactly what I was thinking this morning. Blech. It's Monday. 
Turned out... Monday isn't happy at all.... Sometimes i really hate my work.... 
@RyanSeacrest I can understand that!!!  Though not even coffee helped today  Hope you have a better Monday than I did ;)
YAM!!!  Yet Another Monday. 
Just waking up, early Sunday here! Still in bed ill  is it mothers day in the us?
My sister is going to LA on Monday. Without me 
Its Sunday already   That means I have to work tomorrow, where did the weekend go?
laundry Sunday with Rochelle. Our manang is sick 
It's Sunday, and my mom woke me up at 10:30. How hard does that suck ? And, as if it weren't enough, it's raining outside. So today, FML 
@JackeeLynn Friday night's poison of choice: Tequila. Then the nightvtook a turn for the worse. It's all good now though 
@Darkmessiah24 Thanks mate!, *sigh*, another Monday 
@akuismissdanger poor you!!! Good luck than! I hate maths - we have an exam on Wednesday! buuuh!  Those other exams went good i think 
I really hope that I can enjoy my day off tomorrow. My last day off was last Monday.  
@SethDale Your so lucky, I have one more final on Wednesday  What classes are you taking next semester?
I need to get over this cold so I can go to a big awards evening on Thursday. Trying to rest up, so no gym until it's passed 
@pyngvild Was it good? Probably won't get to see it until Saturday. 
So, I woke up and thought it was a Saturday; and for a few minutes, was actually excited that I got to sleep in. Then my alarm went off. 
Rainy blah day. Anybody else having a sucky Thursday? 
~@SeandBlogonaut That's approx. 11am on Saturday. Probably won't be able to do that, sorry. 
Still home  Going to see Gordon Peterson At the @Newseum on Sunday.
keeps thinking its Friday.  Thanks @PadreLucho.
@kriringa You had to work on Saturday? That can be sad 
@ShanDonn Surgery is Tuesday. I gotta work sun and Mon. Then be back at work after surgery on Friday. They want me to work Thursday 
bought herself a bow to get back into archery.  Alas, she has no arrows, and must wait until Tuesday to go buy some at a specialty store. 
Going to bed. I'm dreading Monday  It's almost here.      Monday might make everything go to shit  UGH. antici..........pation!
got off early tonight. Yay! Now all I wanna do is go swimming....I guess that'll be for Monday. 
Can't wait to see @kurn Monday. So much to talk about such little time. 
Sunday already! Still raining.. 
I'm up early on a Sunday.    The satellite dish company installed the wrong satellite and are coming back this morning to do it again.
It's Sunday. Tomorrow's Monday. That means school. The beginning of a new block. 4 weeks of madness. 
@beachpizza I wish I could have been out! My next day off is Friday 
Goodmorning Twitterworld! It's extremely hot (already) outside, these dogs are driving me crazy, and the boo had to work on Sunday 
@outrage_designs Monday is the only day I can listen, so it may be me.  Let's be honest, no it won't 
@Russhelle that's cool.. It's Sunday. The perfect excuse to sleep in. Lol. I been up since 7 30 tho.. 
Helloo! Its Sunday... 5 to 6... and... raining 
@jeffmincey yeah.... I kept thinking today was Saturday   At least it's three days next weekend.
It's Monday, it's cold, it's raining. Why do I have to be up? 
Its Monday  In work AGAIN!!!  
@AngelsMind Doctors note expired on Friday. Going back this afternoon. I want to cry 
having problems with my blog on wordpress. Not a good start to the Monday morning so far. Plus, guess what........its raining again 
@Todger We call that Monday 
@ashumittal You always have amazingly colorful and uplifting photos .. great way to start a chilly Monday!  We had FROST last night 
@sohmer Wow at today's LFG. It's a shame I have to wait till Thursday to see what happens next  Good stuff.
@MsEDU awww. Not when I'm actually back.  Have a wonderful Monday.
Bright and beautiful day.  Seems odd for a Monday...  Probably means somethings going to go wrong.   
Ugh.  Woke up this morning before the alarm thinking it was Sunday and I could go back to sleep. Unfortunately, it is Monday 
Today is a very tough Monday. It's unfortunate because I have 3 exams and a project due this week...and I haven't started anything 
@stonecypher I thought I'd check it out. Orange Wednesday will viewing number 2 of A&amp;D  Not a trek fan by any means. curious i am
pissed because his phone just stopped working Saturday! He's buying a new one on ebay, so you can't call him for a couple of days. 
Well that's Monday all done n dusted. Off to bed now in preparation for Tuesday...yay...not 
It' over!  I want to got back to Friday and start over.. Now the 7 hour ride home..
Well, looks like my car isn't coming on Thusday ... they can't get room on a transporter until next Wednesday 
For some strange reason, today feels like Friday. What an awful tease. 
@freudianslip09 Well, we had a nice weekend, and Thursday and Friday are supposed to be nice...not Memorial Day, though. 
Just found out that a friends brother died  Funeral Tuesday. Another friend lost his mom on mothers day 
Friday again! You know what that means! #LOFNOTC Still don't have a shirt though 
@BTCare Well broadband connected Wednesday afternoon and the 'b' was still dropping and flashing orange this morning. 
@ange1pie I kept thinking yesterday was Friday too! Most disappointed when I realised it wasn't 
Somehow lost Friday in between his massive work load 
Glad it's Friday - It's been a sickly week 
Whoever coined the phrase; 'Thank God It's Friday', didn't see my schedule for today 
@phammond The start times are a shame. Sunday my parents are here so can't watch the game live either  At least condensed games are back.
@_ADM Only problem is that Continental don't do early am Sunday flights, and I don't want to get to TX at midnight 
It's Friday!!! That seemed like the fastest week ever. I missed so much last night   there's no drama like teenage drama!
Just got done exercising. Now i have to get ready for work   But Its Friday!
School in a few. Finally Friday. Ah! Some people get to go to Kings Island today, I do not. 
What's wrong today, it's been raining since 3pm and haven't stopped!? Plus,it's Friday night 
I would love to play hookie today, but if I don't work today, then I won't get paid for the day off on Monday   It's beautiful outside too
Nobody told me about casual Friday. I thought that it only existed on tv 
Its Friday! Its raining  off to work
I'm still stuck in this crappy hospital bed! On a Friday! I'm missing all the fun! 
@__Robin Just checked, looks like we are getting some rain Saturday &amp; sunday too. 
Preparing for trial - starts next Tuesday.  No holiday weekend for me!  
@cutesyme I've just looked and the forecast for here is rain on Monday  Which part of Ireland are you from?
@RadioWoody No, it's not just you! The bad thing is I have to work even MORE today because of the holiday on Monday 
Friday not a good start. My sister is broken. 
Oh damn! I missed Aviator Friday!  It's almost an hour into saturday... @MikeTheTech, you'd better celebrate...
I'm gonna miss waking up next to my favorite roommate  ... Well  at least it's Friday!!!
@kmholm Why do you have to spoil my Friday with the bust on @Astro_Mike ? That's a bummer. 
Movers coming Sunday to move me from nj to Idaho......wish I wasn't so broke! Now driving across the usa with be boring w/ nothing to do! 
So mad.  DVR only recorded first 30mins of J&amp;K+8 premiere..... GRR!!  Now I have to find it online..or wait until Monday!! 
@chuckwicksmusic Aww!! So sorry you got even more sick after Sunday!  Hope you get to feeling better soon!
@BeautifulPlague Some are chocolate chip and some are white chocolate chip! I don't work until Thursday or else I would bring you some! 
is still trying to navigate NVivo! What fun on a Friday night 
Lack of sleep sux...  Monday ran the 800m in 3:07.  Today 3:20.  
cant believe its the end of 11th grade, technically i am a senior already  wow. Getting some homework done so I can enjoy Friday.
@xiane_org *nod*  crazy week - neeeeed new week on Monday.  All I can do is give it my best then.  Humidity is killing me now.  
Good mornin.. Still wrecked from the party last nite that I didnt see my dad off 2 the airport-going 2 Jordan  wishin him a blessed Friday
@louiethecat Seriously. It was even worse on Monday when it was off during daytime 
Friday yay!! And a bonus, don't have to drive to Wales tonight.  Athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride 
we are looking forward to daddy returning from work on Saturday. He's been gone a whole month 
@pete too early I'm afraid  op to take screw out week Tuesday. The family will going off, I'll me looking fir that Guinness ;)
@DermotCarmody cheers mate, still getting over Wednesday  You ok? You should be, you are an incredibly wealthy man
Back from Worcester.  My work week starts on Friday at 2:30.   
My whole body back pain treatment and detox starts Monday. Not looking forward to a summer of hot yoga and healthy food. 
Its Friday! Only 5 more hours until I'm free!.....until tomorrow.  oh well
So, no yarn arriving until Monday and I don't even know what's in this shipment.  I have nothing to dye.    Now what?
@SeviDesigns It'll be delivered next Friday.  That is a looonnnng way away with 5 people! Guess I'll do laundry next week at mil's.
Starting to spoil my pug since her brother Max passed away on Tuesday. We miss him.  
@Saniyyah &quot;My House&quot;...I like that club! I wnt there whn I was in LA!! U know I'm not going! That's on Tuesday..I can't 
I'm finished 3rd year. Moving onto 4th year on Monday. It's soooo scary. This time next year I will be finished my standard grade exams 
Ahh... I love Chinese music. Haha.  Not gonna see my luff til Thursday... 
One is not supposed to have a headache on a Friday. That's just not right. 
has a good heart... or so says the doctor. Except that the doctor won't be in until Tuesday afternoon to put that in writing....  
gymnastics time.  My last night for teaching Friday evening classes.   New summer schedule starts next week.
Friday night has gone too quickly   My bottle's gone for tomorrow.. come on Everton
@jpsherman That's true. Unfortunately, the leads in the movies don't die on such a high note. It's more the Friday The 13th model 
@KristenSimoni Every time I have Friday off. Sadly, that's not too often 
@jamesh_1993 Nope not yet  Within 10 working days from Thursday. It should be in before 2 weeks Wednesday. It'll be in before that! I hope
Headed to Chicago for my cousin's wedding. Leaving at 5pm on a Friday was a horrible idea. Sitting stopped in traffic 
@Jayme1988 Hi SweetiePie!! It's Friday night and I'm .... missing my sidekick &amp; his slippers.  It's just not Friday night w/o him.
I am so bored.  My homework is done for my master's program and It's Friday nite wit nutin to do. 
Friday night... And I'm not doing anything!!  But I might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in Pasadena .... Just maybe. 
@Nevidge20 Kennedy was re-injured at RAW on Monday. He's got s serious muscle issue in his back and a broken wrist. 
@Bffleck My Friday made me miss high school 
Wow. I'm incredibly bored.  Putting your back out seriously sucks. Movies/books/netz are good, but on a Friday night, I'd rather be out 
Glad the week is done; but we are probably going to have to put down my older cat on Monday.  Its really sad.  
Oh no! The four core hostesses are down to three!  Hence why I'm working Monday through Saturday next week.
Back to LHR tomorrow  Then work on Monday. It just gets better and better. On the bright side...  I don't go back to LHR until tomorrow.
Up at 5:45 on a Saturday? It's wrong. Just wrong. But being wide awake + an over-busy brain = no chance of a lie-in 
I wont get my phone to tweet   Will try it again on Sunday! It better works then! I want to tweet from the gig! *pouts*
In the wonderful world of Structures...Tuesday exam and it's the most difficult of all. So this weekend I'll have to study a lot. 
In the office.  It's Saturday.    Hopefully getting in here early will get me out of here early, to enjoy this beautiful day!
@seancallanan Alas, I will be in Perth from Thursday 
Extra day in Paris.  Not so bad, right? Monday's gunna be rough and I'm a bit homesick. I miss meh kittehs 
Holy crap! Today isssss the earliest I've gotten up for a meeting. &quot;Saturday morning mandatory work meeting&quot;  grrrrrrr
So my meeting got cancelled and I dnt have 2 tutor. So I have a free Saturday! That's good cuz nxt wk I start class and its on Saturdays. 
I'm going to Malaysia on Monday! I think  I wannaaa goo   My mum is still not back yet. Tsktsk.
I think I should go to sleep now. Starting on Monday, I should be able to wake up like 5 in the morning or earlier everyday.  G'night! x]
It's sunny again, after a few days of rain, but highs for the wkd are 15C and 12C. That's too cold for end of May, in my world. 
Having a bad day today. Feeling very teary- already had a cry. Just want Monday to be over with- last scan  then time to move on!!
I swear, I thought tomorrow was Monday  Waiting for the week to start back up.So much is about to happen
I'm tired. Today's Saturday and I have nothing to do 
@DaRealsebastian Did you watch the game Friday? If so, who won? ): missed it 
I hope everyone has a nice Saturday! It's warm here and we are staying home having a lazy day. Trying to get over my headache 
Way overslept and now the bank's closed  Now I have to add the post office to the errand list on Monday so the rent check makes it in time
I am chillin' on Saturday.  Glad it's the weekend.  My cat passed away Wednesday. 
Working on a Saturday. Because that's what I do when my family leaves town 
@victoriax3jonas that makes me sad. My Monday night just wasn't the same. 
@zoara Critical mass the bike thing? It was quite popular  last yr and is getting to be again, fountains 1730 last Friday. My bike broke 
Watching something on Food Network with Corey. Whatever shall I do until Thursday? 
You know your life is fairly pathetic when Saturday night often revolves around watching 'Groomer Has It&quot; on Animal Planet. 
@JohnGuise Very true ...or like next weekend have to work Saturday. Only Sunday off! 
Well The Saturday is Over And i'm Tired !!   !    Subnetting !!! :O!! 11100000 - ....RFC 1918 ...
is missing Jeff. He left this morning for Utah and won't be back till next Thursday  This trip is too long! Praying the week goes quickly.
@NikkiWadley Ah ok...so you're not into Tweeting on the move yet then!! LOL! What work was that?? On a Saturday. 
Phones broken  Getting new one Monday. I hope I didn't cancel my insurance.
Nearly in tears watching Sunday... There needs to be some more education so they learn these beautiful children are not witches 
Has excrutiating back pain from some of the stuff that happened at the hospital Friday. Its awful! 
I know I can still go, and I will, but tomorrow is a Monday AND June 1. It was awesome for the mild OCD I have. I'm just a little annoyed 
Revising for my last exam on Tuesday!!! Not going to well though 
Why does the Internet always fail on a Sunday afternoon ? Now I'll actually have to do something 
Managed to oversleep, so I didn't  make it into the office. Now I need to work Saturday. 
@g33kguy @curiouslt both of you are working on a Sunday? That sucks 
I wish I could go running. Too bad @devintrooney's couch beat my foot the hell up  Nevertheless, this is a productive Sunday?!
@g33kgurrl he came home with scratches all over his arms Wednesday. That kid got a certificate, not J. Hate to see his disappointment 
Ohhh Sunday  That means one of my most favourite weeks of my life is coming to an end.
@adibis u n00b.. Come on Sunday.. Otherwise its hard to meet.. 
Jims been gone a week! My plane leaves Tuesday to see him, I miss home 
http://twitpic.com/6cccz - My weekend working on a presentation for Monday. But hey I went rowing and feel good but missed  BarCampLeeds 
Had an awesome holiday (Shavuot). There just ain't anyplace like the holy land. Coming back to Bklyn next Sunday 
Just had our last Sunday lunch with Britt. So sad she is leaving Nashville. 
@TheHuntley Just checked the schedule for Tuesday and you're not on for the craft hours 
What a week. Felt like poo until Friday. Fortunately a very nice week end made up for it. Doctor's tomorrow though 
My iphone is back from last week accident i drop it into the water.. Thanks god nth lost.. Monday again  My neck hurt
chilling and enjoying a Sunday. Hopefully I will have a productive week...I'm praying 
Feels a little sad to be dismantling my room. Everything is to be packed for Tuesday 
@jfahrenkrug  Might not work.  I'll still be in mpls that time. I have a school part Tuesday night. Let's talk about that next week.
chilling at Starbucks and catching up on the interwebs.  Our DSL is hosed and they can't fix it until Wednesday. 
Is it really Monday tomorrow? Argh! The weekend was too short 
Paintball was great Friday night! Unfortunately all our footage got deleted!  
@KendallNichols I'm not going home til Thursday! We still waiting on baby! I miss u terribly! Me and cathryn might do something without u 
Baseball practice was fun until I twisted my ankle.  Now to ice &amp; rest so I'm set for beach vball on Tuesday and baseball tourney Friday 
Wrapping up a nice weekend of #wakeboarding, wakeskating, and wakesurfing.  My knees are feeling like that of a 70yr-old. Monday tomorrow 
One bad thing about Australia: It's already Monday 
My alarm went off this morning, + I briefly wondered why it was going off on a Sunday. Then I realised it was Monday 
Really want to play D&amp;D. The next local RPGA game is next Saturday, though, and I will be out of town. 
It's Monday! School's back on Wednesday! It's SO unfair. Other's gonna start next week 
oh, how I miss my laptop  It's already fixed but I won't get it till Friday  Using my cousin's comp in the meantime
asks UP people if ako lang may orientation on Monday?  Haha! It seems na ganun kasii. I'm loost. (LOL) http://plurk.com/p/xkdfl
The body feels nice and rested today. Still have a bit of a back ache but it should be good by Friday. @stompyoufeet 
WOW. Its dead week so soon?? AHHH, don't think I'm gonna sleep much this week.   ..... 2 finals on Saturday 
Monday... So much on my head, most of it not good stuff. F***, I hate having my hands tied 
A rainy Monday.. It's so hard to get going 
Everytime I turn around it's Monday 
@BeautifulPlague HAHA no unfortunately i was writing a paper  Are you working on Tuesday? If so, there might be cookies in store for you..
Just got to work. Wish it was Friday already.  Hopefully the day will go by fast.
@Becca Any chance you wanna stay home until Thursday? 
Monday   So sleepy
Happy Monday! Another hot day here. Anything over 80 I can do without!  If I had A/C in my apt &amp; car it wouldn't be so bad, but I don't! 
@CinnamonAnna Microbiology can do that to a person.  I have a huuuuge micro assignment due on Friday. Argh. This calls for coffee.
@Mastr0 So I was at Hulas Saturday night...not for happy hour though 
Yargh Monday! Just purchased promo material. I am a broke bunny. 
@GMA No way!!! @JohnLegend Friday in Central Park? That's sick! I wish I was in NY 
@ToureX try to talk about positive messages Tuesday. I date you LOL. That uc cop news bummed me out 
@bondsbustyblond Oh! I will not tell you its ok!! You know that! Thursday already? That was made up pretty quick... ! 
10:30am Monday morning - Clearly I need more coffee. 
TBIM = Too Bad It's Monday 
just kissed the boy goodbye for the day- parents have him on Monday's! Yay! Not so happy side...grandma still isn't doing well. 
Nobody is tweeting  boring Monday is boring
Happy Monday Twitterville!  It's gloomy &amp; chilly here in Indiana.  Not great weather for the first day of June 
Man I missed Twitter.  For those that don't know, my account was suspended on Thursday evening.
Well Monday... You can KMA. I miss Sunday   *tear*
It's raining again. I'm starting to look like a duck  Brother I missed you on Friday. We didn't talk this week 
@tenthmuse Jealous! My gas has been off since Friday due to a leak and I have yet to see/hear from the maitenance guy 
@Timthe1st FT on Thursday   Not expecting to do too well
@starringbecca How do you get Monday off? Not fair! 
Monday at school and p.e.  Well it could be worse... XD
@AbbyLipstick Tell me about it. Before I know it it's Sunday night &amp; I feel pooped... 
@ChrisWUHU lol, i almost thought they had it Friday night...    Maybe today is the day!
Fuck me I have to go to a wedding Saturday.  The groom's grandfather died last night. They're not burying him b4 the wedding.  Eeeeek 
@dbella ah sorry about that   I guess he left Saturday night.  Hopefully he'll be back next time so you can meet him.
@iCharlotte Not Tuesday already?! 
@HydrEIGHT What made it worse is when I got home I saw that he sent an email saying class would start on Tues. The one time I don't check 
I think I'm coming down with the flue.  Which means no party for me this weekend.   Hopefully I'm cured for next Monday when I practicum.
Rain on the way this coming Saturday! Yep ... that's right ... I'm on holiday next week  Still, the allotments need it
Someone come watch tbs with me on Friday. Almost no one can go 
@TheSims3 I'm soooooooo envious!!! Still have to wait 'til Thursday in germany  Wanna play tooooo...
My feet are STILL killing me from Sunday! The pain of wearing heels 
Oh joy taking the car to the dealer today to get repairs from the rear ending I took Thursday.  Not much damage but it is a new car! 
@jeanac@boongee@kvnjjwong sorry can't watch movie on Friday. Just got back from the ER. 
Needle today :S Not to excited. But I'm missing twin Tuesday at school 
I've decided to take a day off on  myu birthday to do homeowrk  My day is going to suck on Thursday.
Good morning! It's a sluggish Tuesday. Still sleepy. Not functioning yet! 
@VeronikaKurz Revision for my History exam on Thursday  What about you aside from school?
@alexandermillar - thought A2 was due on Thursday, turns out it was due Today..... NO...........no......... 
@jodified Ha! It may be too late by Friday to put it on hold if all works out. ;) Too bad we live too far away for a playdate. 
@WookieeChew (About @newreleasetue newsletter.) Nope. This happens alot. Sometimes I get it a day or two after Tuesday. 
Is it the weekend yet? I'm looking forward to spending time with my wife on Saturday. It will be her last weekend off for a while. 
Another Tuesday evening that I have to miss the small biz buzz tweetchat    For those of you around, check out @sbbuzz for instructions.
@demivenom cant msn, working   What time Friday? This will be fun! 
@silverph I had a feeling all day Monday that I knew someone on that plane. My friend just emailed me to tell me that I did know someone 
celebrating her baby boy's 10th birthday today instead of Friday while I am away. Nothing bits like Mother-guilt 
Trying to find a bar in the area that will be showing the Strikeforce fight on Saturday. So far, no luck 
@PixiePolaroid Unfortunately i don't have any money till Friday  Hope there will still be some good ones left for sale!!!
Is it really Wednesday? This means I've got to go to work  Oh well, it helps to pay the bills!
Going away lunch for a friend today.  His last day is Friday.  Won't be the same place without him.  
2 days more &amp; i have the long weekend. YaY. My Saturday is booked with chores  Still i got Monday YAY !!!!
Will be going to bed soon... Still waiting for that darn camera!  Should be coming in on Friday! Hopefully tomorrow!
Well, I thought I would be done babysitting today, but my replacement miraculously got sick today, so now I'm stuck til Friday 
Another Day At Work...Wish It Was Friday... 
has just found out it is going to rain on Friday. Not good at all 
@chelywright Thanks! Will give it a try. Sure hate we won't be partying it up next Tuesday. 
HOORAY!!! Its Friday EVE!!! or Thirsty Thursday!!!  or... Well I really got no other word/phrase for Thursday...  O well...
@teekuh  Let's have a phone date soon... I imagine you're busy on a Friday night... but maybe I'll try calling you anyway!
Oh no, it's Friday. Only got 3 days left till school starts. 
I'm heading out of town on Tuesday.  So many tomatoes will ripen while I'm gone   I really should start getting ready.
will have the final examination on Monday.  Anybody, heeelllpp !  http://plurk.com/p/yondb
Not made the 45 at 5   Never mind, thanks to all for the #Follow Friday.  If you like what I waffle, then please follow me.
@gimpnelly Yeah looks like we're getting the same front at you.  Thunderstorms Tuesday-Sunday. It's enough to make me wanna scream! LOL
Almost time to head to work. It's always  easier to do so on a Friday! Still waiting on sunshine at my house. Rest of the state is sunny. 
... Friday no school + graduation. Wow! It hasn't really hit me, though. Monday should be sad 
@ComcastSteve Still no phone call.   I guess I'll try again on Monday.
Just got back from school! Yay Friday! We can't do any vids this weekend. 
I'm already annoyed. My Friday is ruined. 
In bed. And it's 10.30 on a Friday night  gone are the days when 5hours sleep was adequate. Why does that happen? #fb
@ASHATL Actually I probably won't make it tonight either  An old friend is in town so... Monday! #lost #wftb
@Mikescaife Perhaps a puppy training might be a good idea! A training starts here Sunday morning at 8AM. A killing time! Why so early? 
@kellycub I DID play with @StinaMFKing on Tuesday. The smell might still be lingering. 
@erockradio It would be nice if you and your girl would come to @FHRILEYS next Saturday. Even though you stopped following me. 
@miss_flora I have to work all day next Thursday.    ...You visit?  You can go to happy hour!!
Projects ALWAYS take longer, cost more and cause more headaches than planned.  Almost always. Not a great Friday. 
@peterfacinelli common ground. Two daughters &amp; son in tourn this weekend.  Then all 4 play reg games on Sunday.  No boating this wknd 
@zombiebites Oh no! That is so horrible dude! I'm so sorry!  Adecco is having a job fair next Wednesday, look it up! &lt;3
So.......awesome Friday. At home watchin movies.......alone......  .......really good movies tho!!!!
Payday is next Friday?... That's not good. 
@Kdedeaux lmao...I'll be with her on Sunday...Its gna be a fun ride. I couldnt get the rest of the stupid weekend off sadly!  I may go
@Meriffic @JacobDrake Wednesday might work for me. Unless Ben comes home from hospital that day 
@SuperwomanAK work  my summer plans don't start til next Friday. Then I can finally turn this  upside down !!
Can't wait for the party Saturday night!!  Unfortunately I have to work this weekend so I can't get too smashed 
Sands off sorting shipment of cats to Germany. Very proud of her but very early to be awake on a Saturday morning  Our cats confused LOL
It's officially not Friday anymore. Yet another broken promise from Jim Goranson of MerchSpin. 
It's officially not Friday anymore. Yet another broken promise from Jim Goranson of MerchSpin. 
SAT kinda ruins things. Like your Friday night your Saturday. So all you have left is your last Sunday of the school year. 
@PembsDave That's some driving you have ahead of you, could be Sunday by the time you get that lot done 
Working on a Saturday  How cute is John Lengends dog?
No Sims 3 today  Perhaps Monday then 
It's a little after 5:30 am ~ why am I wide awake! It's Saturday ... This is not cool! 
@kpnang On Tuesday, ate. Our classes are not suspended.  I heard UST suspended theirs. 
ughhh mom won't let me go out with Sufiah and Syazwani on Monday. They're my besties 
@Tales We just never get any on Saturday's :-/ Perhaps it's different elsewhere but here it's always on normal weekdays 
@JonsVeronica Yes  It's supposed to come tomorrow w/ a flight from Charlotte but they told me I won't get it till Tuesday!! really sucks!
@Devilwoman007 So, you didn't get to teach in church Friday  There is always next week.
Anyone know what's happened to Gloria Jeans in Notts? It's closed, and it's Saturday 
Sitting at the reception desk at 8am on a Saturday. Not fun 
School Opening of Colleges is on June 15! It's unfair brother we just have a same school 
@Dutch_Patrick   They didn't play last night.  The game was Thurs. nite &amp; they lost   Another game is tomorrow nite.
Correction. Game 6 is on Wednesday. Not driving to Pittsburgh. 
A 2000 word essay, on a subject I don't know anything about, stands between me and my 3rd year at University. It's for Monday. Halp 
all the hoping and praying did nothing. My numbers yesterday were 23.  I am having a miscarriage. Will know more on Monday at the doc. 
@henryandfriends Hey Henry, how was your Saturday? The weather over here is pretty bad, it kept raining all day long! 
@ohheyitsmeg letter in the mail today that says it has to be paid by Wednesday. So I have to tell her.   very sad panda.
@samuraigrind PS. I still have that extra ticket for Paint It Black/Ceremony on Friday if you're interested.  No one wants to go with me 
I REALLY want 3.0 released Monday! Please Apple! These Preple are making fun of me 
@melissa1424 yeah, still on vacation.  Be back on Wednesday!!!!  It's raining today  how's u?
ahhhhh tired. Going to the doctor on Monday...quickest I could get in. Finally gettin' my head checked out, still getting dizzy 
Windy out today. Another bad day = another day w/ no beach.  Monday I'm swimming, come rain, hail, or tornado. We took T out to dinner.
Sunday - Still no bubs. 
I can hear Take That from my house, wish I went though   Ah well, Oasis on Wednesday 
@stepht555 I don't have enough cash right now to buy concert tickets on Monday. Now I can't see them 
@AISITLT I couldn't make it Friday night  However I did make it to see all Time Low. All bands playing were AMAZING.
@UncleJesseXO My only day off is Thursday 
@ChrisTheJeweler OOC: If that's the case, we'd best have the party in the early afternoon on Monday, if possible 
@RODDYBOTTUM You and boys have a safe journey over. See on Friday. Currently sat in a room with peeps singing karaoke with no FNM 
@Akula Yup. It's live at 11am your time on Thursday. Speaking of, I'll be on campus Monday and Tuesday again. No where near you though. 
Guess who's goin 2 bed? gotta make up 4 hangin out Friday night  the day in the life of china the black i want sum chronic! No, I need sum
@Marie_Blue17 I thought you were getting it on Friday? What happened? 
@Let_not_my_will are you taking it?? I have my first exam on Monday 
 there is an elderly lady sitting across from us at lunch.. She is by herself on a Sunday... It literally stabs a knife through my heart.
Mum is going tomorrow. And she gets back Wednesday. If everything goes to plan. I hope it does 
Can't wait until graduation rehearsals Monday. It's sure to give constant epiphanies though, so I'll be sad. 
What's everyone up to? Just got home from work, what a way to kill a Saturday night...woo hoo me 
Kids &amp; Naddel tryimg hoola hoop in the living room! Still raining cars and dogs... Probanly all Sunday long 
Had to stop running after 2.5km. My stomach is aching (why?) and my legs are burning.  I'll give it another try on Tuesday.
It's Sunday and my dog woke me up at 7 am wanting to go out to pee. Now I'm not sleepy anymore and can't go back to bed 
Sunday, the day of rest for many. For others it's another day of work.  whats wrong with this picture?
off to get ready then indulge in a rather large Sunday lunch. Then work 
 Sims 3 is stressing me out! it worked fine on Friday! Now its just being a little shit.
@serialfrenchies I cried when he lost at the French last Sunday   He's my fave....LOVE him!!!!!  LOL
@H_I_MsH_E_R So many cool announcements and chats going on Tuesday, and I have to work! Won't get any comp time that day. 
My grandma fell again at the home?! That's twice since Friday  Methinks she needs that walker and fast
Tennis all morning?    Where's MTP????  This is ruining my Sunday morning routine.
Fascinating stuff but I am getting on with some work ready for Monday. No replies on how to combat #jetlag. 
Where did my Sunday go? I used it so judiciously and still seem to have lost it all  Alas...woe betide..and all that crap!!!
Getting ready to watch the final of the Apprentice!!!!!  What will I do on a Wednesday nights now???? Arrghhhhhhhhh 
Writing a five page essay for Theology....How boring on this beautiful Sunday!   It will all pay off when I get my degree next May.
Unplug one pc  to plug in another, Once done with the 2nd pc plug first one in again but power button no longer work = sucky Sunday! 
@NetteWorker @VernishiaRenee -- Ok guys.. Its Sunday &amp; I'm still missin ya'll.. what gives!?!? 
It doesn't pay to take time off it seems.  My punishment for leaving work early on Friday is to work tonight   Will pop in from time2time
Preliminary hearing is Wednesday...My Fam is going but I'm not allowed to. Lawyer says I'll get bombarded by the freakin press. 
@troupedancer awh  that will be my myspace song on Thursday . . Kym. There is only 4 days left.
@uppercase_lady weekend was great! Very relaxing...took Friday off! YAY!!! We had our share of scary storms as well this weekend 
has a SHHHHHEEEEEETload of stuff to do on her Monday! Tony's were awesome though. Some days, I really miss the stage. 
So far 4 people arrested down over at Staples Center. Why can't our fans just celebrate in their homes for now and wait till Wednesday. 
So far 4 people arrested over at Staples Center. Why can't our fans just celebrate in their homes for now and wait till Wednesday. 
Had a fun weekend w/ my mom! Today, work and studyy Strategy exam this Wednesday 
Woke up this morning thinking it was Saturday... The realized it was Monday... Nooooooooo 
@pennycouchman Nope, I am flying out of Melbs on Wednesday night 
@cinebo Well, it's Monday. The day you've been waiting for!  For the rest of us though... it's Monday .. 
Monday already? That sucks 
@SatanzMantra : Just bugged ...  may be Monday blues n other combined factors!!
Monday again! Already! Think I have a bit of a cold starting after being caught in the rain about 5 times while at the Zoo on Saturday 
Its Monday Again 
@CapnScarlett Aww  It was good  But now you can have a super-duper celebration Friday! How did your exam &amp; prac go?
Having the worst Monday ever!  My brain hurts already 
Dang I am sleepy this morning! Despite the 4 hours of sleep Saturday night I still tossed and turned all last night. 
Oh gawd its only Monday. What a long week this is going to be. Atleast I have Friday off to long forward to. . . Oh wait no I don't  
I tried so hard to hide from Monday. It found me anyway. 
Hit the ground running this A.M.  Sadly, the error condition has not been reproducible; so we're no further today than we were Friday. 
Had a great weekend with my boys!  Finally back on track.  Now work until Friday 
Monday morning started w/ the sounds of renovation in the apt below me.  Well this week is going to be busy... who needs peace and quiet?
Yayface: I get to go get a ball signed by the Phillies' Ryan Madsen tonight. Sadface: It's Monday and I wish I got more sleep. 
@greyseer It's Monday!    But at least a nice-ish Monday, weatherwise.  Maybe.  You?
Let the Monday morning chaos begin! 
AAAAAAAAA! Its Monday and Im back 2 work! 
Ugh Monday.. Not so good 
(After holding my thumb up my nose). DeadGirl 1/5... Friday The 13th 2/5. Need something to ensure a good night sleep. 
http://twitpic.com/7gvg9 - My baby niece! All I get to see of her is pics until I'm back in Minnesota on Thursday 
@larunr that was me last Monday. Not a fun way to start the week 
Off to a bad start. Seems I way overwatered my plant Friday. Now I've got a half dead plant and slimy smell stuck in my nose. Yuckee! 
@megfowler Wow, and it's only Monday.  Not the best start... 
@RealMattDamon Thanks for the drawing, looks awesome! This is the first time that I have checked my acct since Friday, sorry 
@EmmaLong1390 Its been warm all day, but it decided to piss it down! I got wet walking to my car!  Friday day I am back again, hang out ?
@BrookeWUHU umm maybe Thursday. I was supposedto b off today but gotta pull a overnight  My little old lady needs more care now
@Jacks1973 OH dear, well, if you want i can get the tix off you on Friday? You don't sound v happy about going 
@tiaballard How was the wedding?  We'll be there this Friday. When it's back to normal Sac weather. 98 degrees 
@evansaun I guess it will have to be sushi Tuesday.   You know, your brother was the one who encouraged Sushi Sunday.
No layoff/bumping letter received today. Yey! Although Wednesday is the last day I could receive one, if any. Not yey. 
@Esko Hopefully you'll be enjoying that bad boy on Friday. I still haven't received any update on when I'm getting mine 
Hospital tmr  no time for beach! Well there's always Friday :]
@krs10vray It's the first day home, and my parents already think I'm a lazy bum haha. Anyway, won't be back until Sunday 
@3CB When I woke up. I honestly thought it was Saturday. How weird. And disappointing. When I found out it isn't 
 GUESS WHAT!!?? JONAS CD 'LVATT' comes out This Friday here in Australia... That's The Day I leave for my trip 
I want to go to the gym, but im too sick.  Hopefully I'll be better by Thursday.
@Tits_N_Tatts no I have another birthday dinner I need to go to.  sounds fun.. Wednesday!!!!!!! It's on
@stellar14 Thanks! No I just got back Saturday. Not enough time to see &quot;everything&quot; 
Larry is out the door to go to Frankfort. He'll be back Thursday, which sounds like a really long time. 
And so another Tuesday begins!!  not too jazzed about. Its only Tuesday!! I want the weekend to come. My mind needs a vacation.
Feeling a long way from home. My grandmother is being burried on Friday and I'm not there to help carry her coffin 
@mariielC  Don't like my Wednesday sched either. What an f'ing draaag. I miss highschool. 
@SNWPaul But it could also be they're sending it on Monday. That means I'll get it on Wednesday  That's a day after the US release.
@nferno hey fern. My follow watch deaded me last Thursday. I don't get why it stopped working 
It's raining again!! Another Tuesday night baseball game cancelled. My husband is never gonna get to see one of our sons games 
Is up and really not wanting to go to work! Why do I work on the nice days? I'm off Thursday and it's supposed to Rain  Not Fair!
@Drydraluxalow It's so disappointing.  Hours of studying that have gone to waste. Now I have to do it again on Thursday 
@SJ222 Some during the week - most Saturday and final furniture the 26th. I won't be staying there anymore tho 
Home in Gobles.... My car is dead  hoping its fixed by Thursday so I can go to Wonderland!!
@LeoLaporte: You really need to divert that to my house. I'm going to be out of town when mine arrives on Friday 
@KillaDiva No, girl! Unfortunately not!  I have to work at 2pm! My free time this week is going to be Friday...
London Friday As end of school trip cant belive ive left 
Again a Tuesday without playing soccer. My knee still hurts. 
It's only Tuesday.  The lake is soooo far away...  
@Rangerita I knowwww  Monday? Yes?
slides written for Monday   Now onto the next project - not sure what to do next, all my urgent tasks are horrible and difficult 
Why does it feel like Friday? It's only Tuesday! Stop messing with me, head! 
Hey my people's. I need to find the girl's a dog before Thursday. Any ideas. 
Going to a wedding on Saturday. Just tried on a new outfit but I don't really like it. 
Very excited about new iphone...hope I can download before work or can't do it until Friday 
At the car wash... Getting my car ready to go back to work next week  Tuesday is ladies day I love specials!!
Just finished a fitting with @angelafink for Thursday's shoot...I'm pooped! Now into a budget meeting 
@NellCAdams Between 6 and 8. They haven't quite decided if they're going to let me leave on Wednesday. 
@agardina  we had one of those days on Saturday. It'll get better - I promise!
Aw man. No show Monday. 
Part 2 of the radio interview will be posted Tomorrow between 10pm &amp; 11pm EST.  The vid on Masturbation will be posted Friday due to work 
@Me_She I shall return it this Thursday. Sadly, I found no music :: sad face :: 
Watching the sox!  Then going to bed!  No gym 2nite  hopefully 2morrow of not def Thursday no matter what!
Blerg.  With Buchholz's start moved to Thursday, that will mean I won't get to see him pitch when they come to Durham 
training again tonight - lets hope I can move more than i could on Monday.  Still incredibly sore, def some muscle damage there 
@deuxcv Cold? If you haven't noticed, we've had the loveliest June ever. Remember December? ..... That's what I thought. No can do manana 
@anthmauro - I'm leaving  I will miss you guys! My last day is Friday.
It feels like a Friday  If only it were true.
@Sodamglamorous  I hate when I get like this, My Monday is still here taking work home with me.....it won't go away.
Tweet tweet!A new sunny day!On my way to the usual spot...WORK!It's Wednesday already,but during the weekend I'm working 
@AmbroseChick That would be awesome if you could make it to Sonoma AC. I'd love to take Monday off to watch it but unfortunatley I can't 
@Phonedog_Noah Aw no that's a shame  mines being shipped Friday. If it don't live up to expectations I'll be sending it back for the 3GS
@Els_Bels Today is going to be a long, boring Wednesday 
Looking forward to drive MINI convertable from ZipCar this Sunday. Unfortunately weather doesn't seem to be cooperating 
So tired but I gotta get up  last official day of grade11! Thursday/Friday exams. Then SUMMER : D
Isn't it Friday Yet?!?!?! 
If one more person tells me they're going to miss me, I may very well cry.  Probably will cry Friday anyways.. cause i'm a sook like that.
@cbrett yea actually the software unlock is on Friday, 3.0's sposed to come out I think 1pm. Let me know how it is, I can't get it til 7! 
@Sooooshi, Hellz yeah! I just thought I would round up a few applications to turn in on Friday. The people at Sonic were mean 
Well they won't let me update in store.  guess I'll have to wait until Friday night.
@xtwilighter Why am I a genius? Lol! My art hw is awful  Ah well - I disappear to Spain on Friday ;)
I'm nauseated. Every single time I stand up I just want to vomit. This is not goring to bode well for a Wednesday night McDonalds run. 
Had v stressful meeting late today. My head still hurts. Unfortunately, today's meeting lead 2 another 1 for Friday &amp; I have 2 lead it. 
Its been almost a week, and he is still in my mind and in my heart since Saturday This reminds me of the movie &quot;On the line&quot; this sucks 
@musicislife90 he might, that would be cool, when u go to the Today show on Friday could u take pics and send them to me  sad i can't go!
@nbc24 You need to change that forecast! I have Friday off. No rain, please. 
@KingGamble1. I wish .. Friday most def ... My lil siter is graduating so I gotta goo !!  .. U gonna be in dere friday?
So tired! My husband leaves again Monday 
@JeremyVoh No, not yet. My calender says it's only Wednesday 
@mswills  Well I have to have a berium swallow test at 7:30 Friday morning. I know how you feel dear.
@alicejean I feel for you; mine's due 1st week of July. It gets pricier &amp; pricier each year! I remember when it used to be less than $500 
@EmaCartoon Positive. It says Wednesday June 17th 
Off to bed.  My weekend is over and I have to deal with work in a couple of hours  At least I have Thirsty Thursday at the ballpark to ...
Has an interview for Entry Level mac technician on Monday. So Nervous! I would love this job 
Trying to finish a project plan, coping with work chaos and trying to prepare to move on Saturday. It's safe to say: I'm overwhelmed. 
Weeeee! No more work until next Thursday! Well, unless you count things like washing, cleaning, walking dogs.........................damn 
@ThisisDavina Its filmed on Thursday?! Oh the humanity! The illusion is broken 
yay,my aunt is coming down Friday to have a talk with me.I cant wait for that to happen.Then we are going out for dinner.Isn't she grand. 
is glad today is my Friday.  Having tomorrow off is great if the weather wasn't going to be so bad.  Now I need to change my plans 
I was so excited to wake up and it be Friday...but it's Thursday!  So disappointing!
@za5 No luck (as much as I would love to have a captive audience with @cluckhoff again) My Thursday is already booked. 
Tut tut, looks like rain!  Our Thursday softball team has been cancelled more than than we've played already  #blame #elnino
So close to Friday... Hopefully I can continue to stage off this sickness. 
My dog needs a bath. But if I give him one now he'll be dirty again by Saturday. He lOVES to roll in the dirt @ my moms house 
@davebriggs Won't be able to make it Friday eve for the pre #localgovcamp drinks  but will defo stay back after for a few! Not Long now!
@mrbigdubya @TwoBusy Yeah, that's the problem - it's also a Friday night.  Our best chance is somewhere that sucks.
is off to look at a new place to live. Still ill, doctors tomorrow  Barcelona next Wednesday for a week. So good and bad really.
Thursday is here already!!  My week just flew by!
@Curlyminx ....Monday. It'll be a nightmare getting to appts &amp; I don't want to be asking for time off already 
Ahh, it's already Thursday!!! Where has my break gone? 
I have just arrived home from my grandmother. My great-grandmother died on Tuesday.  #peterfacinelli
@katiezilla I've never heard of that place. Where at? I start summer school on Monday.  Where were you taking Coun100?
I wish it was Friday and that @naenaegurl wasn't in nyc without me   Again, work is for idiots.
@ceekaigax Well I orginally got 4 tickets for Monday but can't go  but my dad then got 2 tickets cos I was so gutted and he managed to get
#Tallahassee Carlos' Cuban Cafe is closing Friday  This is the second area restaurant I've seen close since I started using Twitter.
@NinjaFrog5 Since Saturday   That's why I just left without saying bye.
I have finished the new layout but still haven't coded it. That unfortunately means it'll either be up tomorrow night or Monday 
We have the chance for severe weather in Dayton tomorrow. Actually tomorrow night so I might stay late, on Friday  - @ least I'm not up @2
Looks like I may be home on Friday, after all.  Still working out how to get the kitties home. 
 Friday is cake day @ the office. I give it to myself as a treat. However, they can NEVER remember I can't have dairy. I can't haz cake.
@smackhouse I like your style! Though I still can't handle the Thursday puzzle. 
Very long day and another one to come  but arleast its Friday!!!!! :-D
8 chapters for Microbio. 2 chapters for Math. Both tests on Monday. 
Friday again.. Shiiii.. No weekend excitement at all... as I have got no weekends at all.. Poor me... 
Wsup tonight? Nothing is crackin. Wasting a Thursday of summer 
Catching up with work on my day off... dedicted or stupid? Either way, I'm really missing the Friday morning cakes 
Friday at last!! Now, only if I didn't have to work tomorrow morning!  
I have come to hate processes and application lifecycle stuff  happy Friday all #wordcampuk Still can't decides whether to go or not 
It's Friday. It's lunchtime. It's busy. It's... Time to service one of the ticket machines   http://twitpic.com/7sjgp
@InSoOutSo Some of us only have one of those choices.  Thanks for ruining my Friday.
On my way to my grandmas house. I think were gonna go to the bingo too cuz todays Friday! This should be fun. And I'm so hungry and tired 
@watchingsunsets;; LOL. When we have school, I`ll say hiii. :&quot;&gt; ) Do we have school on Monday and Tuesday? There`s Swine Flu thingy ehh 
It's Friday, and my mood leaves much to be desired. Which makes said mood even worse 
@disappointment http://twitpic.com/7sxp2 - You have a Friday *axe*? Our office is relatively poorly stocked 
311 on Saturday!! Last one of the summer for me. 
@morphiine naah.  she was busy. But theek hain. I will just let her be. How are you? Friday night? No party?
@joeymcintyre Joe did you already confirm the volunteers for the Toronto show on Sunday?  We were hoping to get an email 
@mcourcel LOL...I get it now. Must be because it's Friday! Apparently it's supposed to rain tomorrow.  Fingers crossed for nice weather.
@beeeg 80,000 people today apparently. Sadly my three day ticket will languish unused until Sunday 
@katie_signalmag Tell me about it.  I'm just about to go home at 9PM.  On a Friday. 
@MirandaLynn22 They are  I heard their announcing it on Monday.
@enoxisureka Thanks for ff! Again, had no internet today in Southampton, so I'll do some next week. Although I'm working Friday again... 
@MYST0 nice elektrooooo  My 3GS is coming on Monday...looong time to wait 
Funeral on Monday  What do you wear do funerals :S?
@BoogF Now you know they are closed on Sunday and I don't get off til 6:30 on Mon... 
@MarloAshley Nope...I finish on Monday!  So I still have the weekend   I am just exciting to be donee for a feww weeks and get a break! ha
is seriously missing her Wolfie. Today has been such a crap day. Too tired to care. Going back to Hollywood on Monday. 
@JoeRinaldi - I would if I could get there. Probably has to be Saturday 
The 4th of July is almost here, and this year I will not be in Anacortes  I hope Ketchikan has good stuff going on! Hey, It's Friday..YAY
Friday night. Nobody be on twitter. 
Well my back is better but now it sticks being home alone on a Friday nite 
I am ready for next Friday.  I can't take this distance.  Being away from Art for so long hurts   I want shots of gin!
@jeremyjacks I'm heartbroken   My life will never be the same again. Well at least until next Friday.  The replacement is nice too though!
Tunafish on toast and Dateline... This is what my Friday nite consists of 
@Medbie They moved it up   I think they thought I was getting ready to bolt...Next Thursday (25th). Rearranged a prior chemo appt.
I thought a shower would help but no such luck. My lame Friday night plans now involve bed. Running on fumes and working early tomorrow. 
Rockies just won their 14th game out of their last 15! The only loss was the game I was at on Tuesday 
Edit that, 16hours on Sunday. It's gonna be a long day. 
15 hour day!!! 12 hours of pay and damn I'm tired! My first Friday at home in a while nite nite I miss I all at the island 
In office on Saturday... Yet again 
@MervLukeba I'm from the states (Atlanta to be exact), and nope-- it doesn't come out until Wednesday.    Let me know if it's cool?
A few drinks with Ancara. Some board games, and now a girly movie. Why isn't everyday Saturday?? 
Had a great P and W session this morning - papers and worship. I want my iMac back, should be Monday. Still 2.2.1 
is at work on a Saturday, It's all wrong!! Need my bed 
Fixing the things to bring on Monday. Another tiring week next week 
Offline till Monday morning. No internet access at my weekend job 
No guitar playing and attempted singing today due to feeling ill! No work either. So a pretty lame boring old Saturday for me 
Work on a Saturday.... It's gonna be  a long day. 
@goatgirl66  Friday I get in at 4/5 and they are holding a house party. Let me see if there are a few hours then or sunday morning.
Morning Twips! Another long day at work!  Enjoy Saturday for moi! #bummer!
Something tells me the demand for the iPhone 3GS isn't that great.Was able to pick one up @ noon Friday.  It's in box until father's day. 
Don't have to work my usual Saturday double today, so I an enjoying a peaceful morning with the children. Still have to work late tonight 
@ElmleaUK No strip clubs easily findable on the net  And the 3GS isn't here till Monday. D'oh!
On my sister's laptop. Just figured out I'm going to Summer Camp starting Monday. This is why I hate summer 
@kittencaboodle Yeah. Much better for both of you to be at home instead, you can get some rest then before Monday! Poor things 
@DirtDawgCT Wednesday.  Not enough east coast time 
@legend_wellies Yeah, except mine has a pull out bed underneath it, that I need for next Friday/Saturday, so I've to clear under it 
My vacation is just about over  This sucks!! I so do not want to go to work on Monday. Today's beautiful though.
My little girl turns 17 on Monday!!! Why can't they stay little!   
Lazy Saturday ... It's still cloudy!! 
P's grandmother died on Friday - not unexpected but still sad. Trying to explain death to 3 year old is also not fun 
@problogdesign 10-17th June! It's overr  do you ever come on msn anymore? haha
With a heat index today of 110, I'm not looking forward to July. It still feels like 95 
Oh boo...I've already seen this 48 Hours Mystery  It's my favorite Saturday night show...
I'm not gonna wear my retainers until Wednesday. Not really my option, but my dentist is gonna modify it a bit. 
@Sukkresa You need to tell me when you're available. @mutesovereign  I'll probably be heading back on Tuesday 
....and I won't see her till she wakes up on Monday.  She is asleep when I leave for work and already down for the night when I get home 
430 am - alarm just went off to let me know phone line has failed. You thought it would've done that on Wednesday! No sleep = 
.. I leave Monday afternoon  ..Trying to stay busy...
@leylairoyale I doubt it cuz I was at the one in Skokie. The game is tomorrow. I'm working  But I went Thursday so it's okay.
@Chicago_Ted Probably because it's a Saturday night and I went out to the bars alone.  
@Thegriffinster Unfortunately, Sunday is a working day over here, so I don't get to watch F1 very often 
@arfnz just sleep until Tuesday!! Unfortunately it'll still be end of quarter 
@sambuhdee Good! We're all set! This breaks my no eating out until Thursday. LOL, fail 
Realised this morning that I've lost my wedding band, last seen on Wednesday... so sad. Hopefully it will pop up by itself 
Cut down a ton of bushes, brush, 2trees, etc Saturday. Now raining again so the jungle's gonna grow right back! 
FOOOD NOW  So hungry I havent eaten something properly since Friday :\
back on air but still hungover from Friday.  It's rubbish getting old 
@DonnieWahlberg My poor baby wiped out on a skateboard yesterday. This is how he's comin 2 meet u on Friday.  http://mypict.me/4Qsm
Got my new iPhone Friday. It's not such a big jump from the 3G. The compass doesn't even work   selling my 3G
Still working on my laundry. And now I have to mark 23 maths assessments! Sunday? Not really! 
@Godlen That's &quot;it&quot; until October. 
Bah. My head hurts and I wish I were napping.  Monday is dragging...
A little out of it and grumpsus this Monday morning.  Perhaps more coffee would help?  Weekend long head and neckache did not help 
Nothing get's You like the rain pouring down for 3 days in the row  thank god it's Monday ... 4 more day of rain predicted here!
@pepperespinoza *pets* Poor Pepper  It's the curse of Monday.
Exhausted.  Only Monday 
I really wish I could go to jasons grad party Saturday. The things babysitting make you miss out on. 
@pattymlt I miss you already  I'm working Friday! Not Saturday though :/
@jennynh16 If you change the time on your computer, then yes, it will be Friday.  Otherwise, nope 
*doing a happy awkward waddling dance* I can has job interview on Monday for a teaching position! Let's hope pregnancy isn't an issue. 
Just got back from vacation very late Sunday night.  Still tired and can't believe it's already over.  
@joeymcintyre Had a blast working the book drive in Toronto on Sunday! We rocked it! I hope this is not the end 
I can't believe it is only 3 on a Tuesday.That means two more days in which i need to swelter going to and from my house to car and work 
Just found out a friend of mine from the past died last Saturday. She wasn't sick or feeling ill, she just died in her sleep. 
@simon_kline My D day for wisdom teeth extraction is Monday  - beginning to which I had the teeth pulled in summer.
@Zoomdweebie  Yikes!  It's Tuesday!  I can't believe I don't even know what day of the week it is!  I ALWAYS miss Tea Tuesdays! 
@DiNovia   Wednesday is over.    Maybe Thursday?  My F5 key is sooo tired.
In desperate need of sleep. Last time I slept was Monday night. Still got To clean my old flat and hand in the Keys b4 sleep can come 
Waiting for my little bubba to wake up so we can go for a walk on this sunny Winter afternoon. Yesterday we got rained on 
Good morning twitterland! Thursday! Almost weekend... Ah, congratulations USA! 
I miss Vegas  I felt so free and so bloody relaxed. Still can't believe I left a week ago Friday
Shit it. Just checked the weather forecast for my holiday next week.  Monday - Rain.   Not a good start
All hands on deck - new website due to go live on Monday! No pressure!! 
Gahhhh. Having the most terrible headaches ever since Monday 
@Amandadetox how was Seal? Seeing him on Monday, sadlt not backstage 
@Amandadetox how was Seal? Seeing him on Monday, sadly not backstage 
At work, getting some last min stuff out of the way then its off til Monday!  WooHoo  Still a bit sleepy &amp; fuzzy though  xx
is gutted! It's supposed to rain on my birthday  Maybe a Sunday sesh?
Why did I wake up thinking today was Friday??  Only to find out its not!  
@FiveLives it's Thursday! Because I work today. 
For some reason when I got up this morning I thought it was Friday... Someone just broke the news to me 
Hospital to get lab work done and to fill out some paper work for my surgery that's Monday...So nervous 
@onesoulfulnegro   Perhaps you need to reschedule that trip, sooner than later. And I am great thanks.  Today is my Friday.
@ivorytower31  Aw...  Sad.    That's the only day next week I don't have court, and I think the run ends July 5th.
@glorianatheband I CANNOT WAIT for the 'The Way It Goes' video!! Too bad I'm out of town WITHOUT CMT, so I can't see it till Sunday... 
@natalieox Wembley! She comes back on Tuesday  I really want to watch it! xx
Up early again. Work today, off tomorrow, course Thursday, off Friday. So not so bad! 
@TerryFree Yes unfortunately, but did have a day off yesterday and got another on Friday so its a 3 day week 
Good morning! Its tuesday. Automatically better than Monday. Almost payday, and closer to the weekend. 
Friday, It's my birthday  So Great !
@coy0te Sure!  But would i be a rebel for not waiting til Follow Friday? haha
@guinnessdj @hollowlegs @handlewithcare @FoodStories a near perfect Saturday! Also have scallops from Shellseekers 
Ok ... so ... What can i do on a Saturday night in Vienna ?? please tell me ! i will really apreciate suggestions  (Meanwhile: my ipod)
At work on a chillin Tuesday....    So looking forward to the weekend.
12 days til my birthday, 16 days til Australia! That makes Tuesday a little easier to swallow. 
@brianwilliams Brian, You're welcome. The Saturday is starting off good. Getting ready for dance class. My Daughter is 2 1/2 yrs old. 
@HunterBoone no problem, next Tuesday's fine. Just don't keep me too long, it's my birthday! lol 
Tour starts on Thursday! So excited! Kellie is touring with me! YAY! 
@cait Hello.  It appears to be a Sunday.
@babybritt721 Hope you're having a good weekend. Remember, no more work till Monday! 
Um.....Its Saturday nite. What is everyone else doing? 
says Good morning Plurksibs.  It's a beautiful sunny Sunday morning   http://plurk.com/p/oy56j
@JKateT Well, I hope you enjoy the day with the teachers, cause we don't go back till Tuesday. I checked the dates. 
Sunday morning grump over. Just need to wake up properly &amp; start the day. It's going to be a good one 
@MitchBenn Just caught TNS podcast - true quality. Thanks to you all for a great start to Sunday 
@PixiePearl No prob, dear. ;) Call you tomorrow or Monday 
Now that's what I call a Sunday morning lay in. And what a gorgeous day. Good morning all 
Swimming on Wednesday! Just what I neeeed. 
Another day, but today is almost my Friday. So that's always nice 
is on my way to work. It's not even 7am. I don't have kids, I should be sleeping in on a Sunday! At least shopping is on the agenda too! 
Please visit me on May 7th @ 5-8pm for Turner First Thursday at Arts For All Gallery www.vsaartsga.org and simpletownUSA.com enjoy 
On Saturday I was wit my family in Munich. It was soo great!! 
Goodnight to you.. Because Wednesday will be here soon 
Tomorrow is Monday... Another long week of work! Just keep counting down to A full week of fun in the SUN 
@jordanmellinger haha! You know what's up! Those and asiago cheese bagels start a Sunday morning off right 
@marsgirl86 Nope hun, can't make it    Have to be at work Monday morning, oh well, maybe a trip to the US later this year ;)  have fun 
@sherrilynne Thanks Sherrilynne for coming along on Friday. You do have the most effective ideas 
Listening to Annie Mac's mashup from Friday. It's special - perfect for a Monday  http://bbc.co.uk/radio1/mashup/ Get involved.
@feasty Nicely done  Which train station do you want me to go to on Saturday?
It's definitely Monday today. My inbox keep pinging. I feel important 
Another beautiful Monday morning... Can you feel my excited? No... Because tired I am excited I am not 
@MattGLee We Heart U More!! Can't wait to see you on Sunday 
Is it Monday? Well at least it stopped monsooning 
Monday mornings!! Suppose to be a wonderful week weater wise, in the 80's! YIPPIE!! 
Good morning all my twitter friends !!!! I hope to make this a good Monday   If thats  possible lol
@TheAllianceGuy Not bad. A little slow and sleepy for a Monday but not bad. 
@MegaDittos I'm good, thanks so much for asking. I turned a corner Sunday night. Almost back to normal! 
@Acrista That's Ok girl we'll just work out this Wednesday and again this weekend. Probably head to the club and sweat it off as well. 
@s_bergmann Thursday. You didn't follow me back then when I tweeted about it 
@choobs Very short of time as i have a huge uni assignment due in Friday  But after that i'm going to disappear into this book 
@dvendley How the heck R U?! How was Friday's at Five? When will vid be up on YouTube so I can use on MyEugene.org? 
Wah just woke up!! Jogging got cancelled, will have flag football instead on Monday!  For now, i'm preparing to go to south!
@white76 I'll be round for the bq on Monday! You look after mike well making him a egg and bacon sandwich 
@Joshuambass Back on Sunday....That's right!!!!! Just call us and we'll be there 
Worried about my girlie Ani, can't wait to get to the vet Monday. So happy I found a great vet who is willing to work with my brokeness! 
@ThetaHealerMaya That's the key: try to keep the heart good so the rest will follows!  May you have a great day!
Wow it takes me forever to read all my updates haha... and it's gonna take me forever to get over that movie  Seeing it again on Monday!!!
Nearly passed out on the bus Yesterday, thank God I don't have to get up on Saturday 
UPS doesn't pick up on Saturday's.  Still getting here before expected, so I can't complain that much! 
I just realized I'm done after next Wednesday.  That's so beautiful.
@PrancersWorld My bday is Thursday! Tauruses are the best 
Morning fellow early bird  Tweeters. Hope your dreams were sweet &amp; your Sunday proves even sweeter  Now Tikkabilla with lovely Simon ;-)
@Emmieleigh Yes he is! He did it Friday night 
@tsarnick Sunday drinks are good man! Let's you forget Monday is a comin.. 
@bradhanks Well, maybe we can make Friday work?  If not, lets talk on Monday and come up w/ a plan! 
Sunday morning  Just came back from exercising
is watching T4 Sunday. The boys are doing great 
It's sunny outside. I have to stay in and do assignments and study. Boo. This Friday it will be all over 
Discovered on Friday  the #Wallingford 10k I ran in 2000 was in fact 13k. Hence the lousy time did it in.  I knew something was wrong 
@Marge_Inovera Good Sunday  It's a beautiful day .
Sunday: no work, and spending the day with family, friends, and Jesus... What could be better? 
So back from the spa/sister trip. It was awesome. i'm so mellow. Even Monday doesn't scare me. 
@believethelie Friday was AMAZING though.  That's cool. Being in rain is so much fun. It rained on Friday and we dance partied in it.
Listening to the new Fischerspooner, psyching myself up for the show on Wednesday. Also found @caseyspooner. 
Hadn't looked at Twitter since Thursday night. Now I'm all caught up 
@supersuave02 yep, plan on being there Tuesday.  Thanks again! 
@LovelineStanley Yay!  How's my favorite puppy on this fine Sunday? &lt;3
Well. . . the beginning of a new week and guess where I am. . . at the office  4more days till Friday. . .    
@Tim_Whincop too complex and too much to consider on a day like today. Monday off. My brain is back tomorrow 
@KNUSEE *hugs* listening to EBTG &quot;Each &amp; Every One&quot; perfect for public hol Monday morn with cuppa T 
@shadowdealer I did  For Thursday 
@IamFakeBlood see u Next Saturday With Mr @atrak 
Happiness comes from within...so the fact that it is a gray, rainy, Monday doesn't bother me. Well, not too much. 
@NEENZ I was just at Sky Harbor on Friday.    How are you?
YES!! REPRIEVE!! One paper pushed back until Friday! That leaves just three more pages due by 4:00pm... not even a problem. 
Even though it is already Monday. Thanks for the #followfriday complements - you know who you are! 
just rearranged the living room- it looks HUGE.  This is what Joe and I do on a Saturday night 
@SECTORLI: just had my debut on Thursday @ The Gallery Lounge! It was fun... can't wait to do the next one!!  
@zeenell when we were poor and lived in Germany it was our favourite cheap Saturday. Now we have one 20min away. 
@dcorsetto love love love pot psycology. My Friday night treat 
@gf3 Thanks G! My actual birthday is on Tuesday and I will be 24. 
I don't think I've ever been up this early on a Sunday in a while. Meanwhile, the #bigweekend awaits! 
@jason_2008 thanks  there's a men's version in June. It's very popular.
@ElizaPatricia Pair it up with Fringe on Tuesday? That smells like a win imo as well. 
@curiousmike Maybe until Wednesday? 
Fishing on WoW while listening to ska on Pandora. Such a lazy Sunday morning 
Wow! Up, coffee in hand and already outside.  So peaceful on Sunday mornings. 
Meeting Prince Charles on Wednesday!! :O What fun! Everyone is going to be stressed out! Does this mean we have to follow the rules?lol 
@ringletz I did not!  I can get lots of sleep starting Wednesday evening!    Well, hope to see ya today 
@spencershell When does your flight leave Thursday? If it's around noon, I'll probably see you at the airport. 
Miss_Melbourne No Monday delight? Hmm.. I'd pick Mystical Monday. It might turn to be a good Monday! 
So, I'm going to Boston for the first time this Thursday. Any advice on things I must do or see? 
@DonnieWahlberg Noon pst, Tuesday. That'll be 3am Wednesday. Thanks 4 d info. I know when 2b awake. 
Had a good sleep---want to go back to bed though as was very cozy  Still...it's Friday tomorrow 
I should have the N86 in my hands come this Saturday. Now that would be something 
@MichelleBrouse - How about http://bit.ly/StjVe  (isn't EVERY day Sunday?!) 
@Timaay Its just another Thursday, but I do hope that it brings good things...as I hope every day.   You have any big plans?
Heroes is on so I'm heading off. I hope everyone has a great Friday. Much luv to you all as always 
Thank god it's pretend Friday for me.   My weekend begins at 4:29 pm today.
@GemmaCartwright they came by DHL. So quick! I wasn't expecting them until Monday 
Raining Thursday in Brazil!!! And My mom's Birthay...  That woman is a warrior... Have a great day everyone!
@DavidArchie That's so cool! You are so awesome! I can't wait for Saturday! Hope you're having a great time here, in the Philippines. 
@mountainkat I hope so. I am expecting a package from the FTC.  Its still early.  Thankful Thursday   Working this weekend so I wont be on
@Savannah_Mara Yep, I saw it  It was awesome! Really creepy, too =D If you see it Tuesday, I'm totally coming to see it again, lol.
Car-free Sunday at Hannover City ;)   We will walk, use a bicycle or use the inline skates  only no car ;)
@AngryBritain Another great motivational speech. Chill out, have a laugh, relax fella! It's Sunday 
@wrigleygirl Wow! That's high praise! May I quuote you on that? 
Doing a bit of revision for my exam this Wednesday. It's a media studies exam, so hopefully should be quite straightforward. 
@Kirsty_H_99 They're playing Manchester on Wednesday - I have to send food to the venue!!!! They've stayed here a few times, good fun! 
My little girls 2nd b-day party is today with her b-day tomorrow!! AND My 4th Wedding anniversary is on Wednesday! What a week! 
@lipstickmom36  haha!! I know the feeling...At least it's not a holiday. Those are really fun!! Hang in there...Soon it will be Monday! 
It's a lovely Sunday morn!  Many thanks to all who endorsed me on ff. Thanks &amp; Welcome to new followers as well as continuing followers. 
@PatMatson Absolutely! Any day but Thursday....throw some times my way. 
Back in my pyjamas and watching Pirates of the Caribbean 2. That's what I call a Sunday night 
@asafrommaui Morning!  No, I have the weekends off. Though I sleep in early on Sunday in order for me to produce Monday's Sunrise.
@RainyCityLove @jessicamloring Friday. After exams, the start of half term. We are going on an adventure, my lovelies  &lt;3
My sister's dress has to be 1930's style/themed dress for her Pops concert this Tuesday. If anyone has idea's, please share. 
@PaulineMJ I'm 20, 21 on Thursday  How old are you?
My cousin is home visiting till Tuesday. He's in the Navy and stationed in California. Today is our day to see him. Fun! 
Monday 18th May. This is the day where I am going to do so much college work... I will explode! 
@reluctantveggie Wow! That is an amazing amount of work on a Sunday! Congrats 
Good morning. It is early Monday morning. Where's the coffee? Anyone? 
@marielenh Yuck. It's still Sunday here. 
@swerp12 The best part of Sunday?!  Thanks!   It makes my Sunday fun too!
@davidghc Well, i'm not talking about this week, rather in general. Wednesday i think is cheaper the movie tickets compare to other days. 
@BroadSword2412 Yes Monday is completely unpalatable untill round about lunchtime 
@alina_popescu Morning  My Monday mood has just got better for a song ;-)
@gleeofficial I am SOOO excited for Tuesday. It can't come any faster, can it? 
I am looking forward to the preview of Glee Tuesday. Just what I need: another TV show to get addicted to. 
@technotetris they look awesome!! They will be up on Wednesday to 
Monday! That means deadline for a wee journalism piece and #edtweetup 
Saturday they have scratched my car. Today i can already arrange a repair without my payments going up AND getting reserve car 
Plans changed, taking Megan home on Tuesday.  We're having too much fun goofing off 
@christelmcr  Thank.aww.you'll watch coming soon,friend .I'm doing good  oh,fuckin Monday -_- At work lol.So What cha doin ? )
Another Monday...another day at work. Seeing Chris tonight will get me through the day 
@overheardatmoo got my moo stickers on Saturday. They're so pretty I hardly want to use them! 
@nhoustonreed YAY for May  It was my birthday on the 9th. We are awesome.
@yuukikoto airport? But it's Monday...? #confused Anyway:  - actually, how about a bit of research on the cinema programme, eh?... ZAC!
@DavidArchie So you want to experience one..? ) You and Cook were really amazing last Saturday. Hope you come back in the Philippines. 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Monday. So happy to have a long weekend. Lots to do today--great day to be inside 
@Enkou_Kitsune It's ironic. You didn't come down for weather this weekend, and the only rain we saw was a light rain on Saturday. lol. 
Well, it's Monday   Had a revolation yesterday via @DarkriderCJ , that the next two weeks will be hellish!
Ugh. Monday. Silver lining? Three day weekend and a house to myself all week. Plus, someone else to teach my &quot;bad&quot; class for three days. 
@annq Hello! It's a happy Monday afternoon on this side of the world! Good to have you back! 
Good morning to all in Twitterville!  It's Monday let's make the most of it!!! 
@CoGNintenzo You too! I can't wait for Friday 
Let another lovely week begin.  &lt;-- forced smile this Monday morning.
@dpatterson meaning the week end is suppose to help? But it's Monday, dang it. Maybe I should learn to say NO! 
Ahhh, 10 hours of sleep.  18d 10h 12m 40sec until Shane.  Hopefully going to see him again on Wednesday.  It's a good day.  
*Job list will be up soon.*  Yes, I AM still working on this holiday Monday! What can I say, I love my work 
Starting intravenous caffeine... realizing I am at work... and that it is Monday... Morning Everyone!!!  
@bhallelujah Bolt was cute! Just what I needed on a Sunday night 
I hate Monday mornings...everyone is always so quiet in the morning....anyways....Morning Everyone! 
It feels like Sunday, woah!  Having an extra day off will do that to you  Hoping to be productive though, maybe work on my fake careers...
Goood Monday Morning! The weather is awesome this morning! 
@CynthiaY29   Thanks for the good news before noon on a Monday morning!                           
My dad is cooler than your dad. My dad gets to meet the president on Thursday. 
Today's featured soup: Cheezie Potato Bacon.  It's Monday, you deserve it!  
IT's Monday! So that means; BONES! 
I leave for Maine Friday!  Only a 4 day work week yay!!
Friday is always somehow a very busy day in the life of a GlobeTask VA!  Just when we have no time to work 
Llegando a casa. Meeting went good. Second meeting on Tuesday. It looks promising. 
 Friday!!! Plus, woke up naturally, no nasty alarm. The world is so much nicer when the sun wakes you up instead of some radio dj 
I'm gone fishing til Tuesday. Finally 
@atrais Thanks for reminding me of Sky Watch Friday! Now I have to see if I have a decent photo, or if I have to take a fresh one today. 
Possibly going to see Seether Sunday! Finally something exciting in my life 
I am still at work.... long weekend for some but not me, have to work Monday.  Its okay, its overtime.   
I'm just thrilled today is Friday.  Nothing planned but the fact that it's the end of the week is good enough for me. 
Masterchef on Friday's are lame. They don't need to show US how to make these foods. Skip these episodes and play other ones. 
Good morning! I had an incredible sleep. I really needed it. It's Friday!! This afternoon I'll be going out with the girls 
@soodugyot Why not? After office hours naman eh.. And it's Friday yo! 
@skinnermike are you around at all in June? It's birmingham music month. would be awesome if you got involved 
Just got a call  My PC will be here on Wednesday afternoon 
@redsheep It's Friday! So very very excusable. 
@andrealm1221 The movie was awesome! Thanks!!  Hopefully it won't rain on Saturday. That will not be fun!
Yay! its Friday! Finally!  Now how bout if 5 o'clock can come quick. 
It's #Follow Friday! The day to make new friends 
school, YESSSS!!! It's Friday!!!! 
@aprdna Here's a positive vibe -&gt; Thank God It's Friday! 
is still high from the Cook-Archuleta concert last Saturday! Haha! It's the highlight of my summer '09. 
@ThrillHillBruce Saturday night - 7 Nights to Rock! What and ending that would be 
Good morning and happy Friday!! Today's my last day in the Toronto office! And I work till noon!! 
Friday!! Only 6 more days of School then SUMMER!!! 
@kiranchetrycnn Good luck with the cold Kiran!  It will probably get better around ... Monday evening after the holiday is over. 
@ColeMark Thanks for the follow Friday recommendation, mate. 
@maketravelfair Ur welcome. Do you like the terms 'responsible travel/tourism'? twtpoll http://bit.ly/y0Pqp . It's Friday - take a vote 
It's Friday! It's Friday!!! IT'S FRIDAY!!!! So glad, but lots of work to do this weekend 
I wasn't able to do what I had hoped. Maybe today....or Monday. Just as long as I can get it done. I fear if I don't for my sanity. hehe 
@JoshJBodfield Well, happy Friday to you. 
4 hours sleep! Awesome. Today should be fun. At least it is Friday! 
@NickA77 Thanks for the follow Friday 
@JPov1 knee is improving slowly but steadily (had my first Fysio therapy Today). Will look funny on my wedding next Friday though 
is still fucking pissed, but in a great mood, otherwise.  Hello.  It's Friday! 
@ocean_raven Morning! It really is a beautiful place. Hope you have a wonderful Friday! 
5 more days everyone! Maybe I wont be so grumpy after next Thursday 
Off to organize the unorganized... then on the road early... so how busy is your Friday? Mine? Just as busy as the last one! 
@anthimeria @indigirl I'm feeling another Friday movie night coming on. Let me know if either of you want company 
@mktgal I forgive ya girl,  Having a good Friday?
Epic Friday morning wake-up lovie snuggles. My day is already super nice 
Oh Friday! So glad it's here!  praying that traffic and my favorite freeway (the 101) will be somewhat kind later today...haha
Good morning northwest Arkansas! It's finally Friday, no more TPS reports and hopefully, you don't have to work on Saturday! 
@ruthieor Ah you need nice things to cope with working there! 2 good, 2 ok... We'll see... Finish on Thursday!  How's life with you?
Thank God It's Friday !! 
It's Friday! That knowledge alone makes me as joyful as a midget with a brand-new stepping stool. 
@OwenGreaves Much appreciated, I'll let you know if I need to take you up on that offer.  Today (Wednesday) is my first full day back.
Smoothies and Friday After Next 
Planning to check out @BedlamCoffee after work Thursday. Everyone should come by and see my photos on their wall. 
WoOooO HoOoO Friday is here  [I've been hOme for 2 weeks now]  Getting closer to this kiD ((He makes me smile))
Friday, Friday oh how I love thee. So another week will dawn. And it will be a happy one indeed. 
@bexter2001 Excellent. Monday 12.45, you can drag me to hell. Everyone's a winner really. 
First Friday! No School! 
@thejose actually I'm just hella bored and its a Friday so I'm totally off work mode   Let me know when you check your schedule.  
My Follow Friday Pick of the Week: @Shaaaane - The conversational Irish boy who enjoys my cynical ramblings 
A new week almost finished :-O Well, have all a good Friday 
Could I ask a favor: Please pray for my dear friends grandpa. He goes in for heart surgery on Monday. Such a sweetie guy. big teddy bear 
@vmoola we have that.  My ASP.net developer is starting from Monday 
@GreyAreaUK How's your Friday morning? I know how much you love them 
@HzNKzM: Ohmy. When I was living in Singapore, I ate it every Friday at school. Roti Prata Fridays~ And then I eat it on Sundays 
Thankg G. It's Friday! almost weekend, only 30 min. left 
@mitchelmusso Very very cool  Its holiday-time and I usually sleep long. BUT I will wake up early on Tuesday to receive the cd 
