Most common words for this cluster:
[('friday', 833), ('night', 107), ('day', 75), ('weekend', 43), ('work', 42), ('today', 42), ('morning', 39), ('week', 33), ('home', 33), ('i', 27), ('time', 25), ('school', 21)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Friday', 0.9999704957008362), (u'Thursday', 0.9522331953048706), (u'Monday', 0.9434626698493958), (u'Wednesday', 0.9325141906738281), (u'Tuesday', 0.9276396036148071), (u'Saturday', 0.8449450731277466), (u'Sunday', 0.8286459445953369), (u'Thurday', 0.7192423343658447), (u'Wednesay', 0.6950973272323608), (u'afternoon', 0.6813902258872986)]





My throat is still really sore. I was meant to be going on a 5 day camp from Friday but not so sure now 
argh, there goes my plans for Friday... 
@criana godspeed, I have one this Friday 
is in for the night. What a lame Friday.. 
what a lame Friday!! I need a vacation 
So sleepy. Friday night was ruined by a stupid shift @ work tmrow 
@twenty_3 LOL you ignored my Friday facebook status 
Evening! Finally able to drag myself back to the PC after a bout of food poisoning from Friday night  Not my kind of weekend.
Finally getting over thw stomach flu...I've been down since Friday night 
Looking forward to a nice week of weather til Friday when it might piss down all day. Friday is my birthday 
my bro got his new phone today and i have to wait till Friday this is complete bs  grrr
 Polly has gone back home now  won't see her till Friday now sniffel, sniffel, whimper, whimper http://twitpic.com/3m1kf
@vaempyr I sent it out on Friday 
Trying to find more info on a guy who was maimed at work Friday.  
@katielips are any tech tours coming back on Friday after the conference as I'm not able to stay 
@noddson   ah well, c'est la vie.  this week is busy with procrastination as I try very hard not to pack - moving Friday 
@youngabe  think of Friday!
sitting in the airport waiting for a 2 hour delayed plane freezing my ass off! Friday nights just aint the same no more 
I can't believe its a Friday night and I'm about to hit the sack 
I'm so bored!  Friday night, no planss. WOW, I'm coool! Hahaaa.
@xoXxXkittyXxXox It's already 12 am here  i should be sleeping but what the heck? it's Friday let's enjoy the freedom lol
All ready for Friday night but I have to work early 2maro .. What a waist 
At Fridays on Friday maybe I am gay 
just fell asleep for 6 hours, what a wonderful way to spend a Friday night. 
bummed everyone is studying and doesn't want to party on Friday night. what's that about?! oh..and now it's totally 'poo' weather too... 
will be without internet until Friday. 
I hate it when I have to much good times on Friday night 
Friday night I wondered where my week went, my weekend wasn't much different 
My voice is now lost from Friday, actually killing me! 
can't believe it was the last episode of pushing daisies last Friday.... oh well have to wait till the new series comes out  x
finished gardening now revising Friday's copy  The problem with charging per word is some people expect you to write everything twice
I can't believe I have to wait for Friday! 
This book is amazing, it kills me that i have to take a break from it to do a social project that was initially due last Friday. 
@so_rock_steady -  hay hun.... sorry to hear that  i know the feeling... cept mine is a Friday !
yeah I'm desperate for a new 16G labret. I think I have to wait until Friday to get a new one... hopefully 
wish it was Friday!! 
This weekend is rather boring compared to the excitement of a fun filled Friday night 
@scarboy Friday man, it's getting worse though 
@dannywood running late today? I wish I could run outside this morning but it's raining  can't wait to see you on Friday at the today show
@hernameisnicki It wasn't looking too promising tbh when they were all sold out her on Friday 
@brantkassel you can say that again   Friday is gonna be a tough day for me
@ChaChaLove I'm ok.  I'm trying to get motivated to do something today.  I'm working Tues - Friday this week, but I have a lot to do.  
On Friday I accidentally made someone hit their nose on a plastic swing. I think her nose is broken. i feel so bad 
@banhamo terror day as in exam? I'm yet to have one, my first is Friday 
@mikefoong @hantu  Unfortunately, that Friday night session is no longer on.  my b'ball skills are rapidly eroding.
is watching TV. and not wanting to go to school in the morning, cause i really don't want to do my project due on Friday 
@euthanaut 4 days-- it's over on Friday at noon (to time) 
Starting to dread graduation Friday...  I don't want to tell you goodbye.
sweet no quiz section on Friday! but therapy  at least I get to sleep in 
@michealsadler  Defo on for dinner on Friday btw!
I seem to be missing a day somewhere, I woke up this morning really thinking it was Friday 
I'm so ready for Friday. 
@DeeWis please no spoilers - it might be Friday before I watch it 
thank god its Friday.... oh wait 
It feels like a Friday. 
This weather is perfect and I'm stuck in a glass box. And it should be Friday. And I want to go to the gym. But can't 
@PushPlayDEREK awww don't move  I miss you guys already! Friday was amazing &lt;33
Drunk way too much on Friday, still recovering today!!! I don't like weekend long hangovers!!! 
Still feel sick after being ill on Friday  got to go to football soon
i thought spring was FINALLY here after Friday's and yesterday's weather. apparently it was just a dirty, dirty trick. 
@gurnteam yeah  its true, it rained so much!!!! but we re-scheduled for Friday !!!x
@autismfamily I stopped drinking dark soda earlier this week and was sipping sprite bc my tummy was yucky but drank some pepsi Friday 
I'm sad no one told me about the $10 ticket deal that was happening on Friday...   
Fml progress reports came in and I have 2 f's one in art and one in math and if I don't bring them up by Friday I say bye bye to my phone 
Typical - beautiful, clear skies and nicely hot temps every day this week until Friday when it'll rain. That's Friday as in, my birthday. 
@Geeno33 I have a ribena but they scare me now after Friday 
If the rest of my week is as bad as today's started, I won't see Friday.  http://twitpic.com/5f1xo
ugh! I have to work til 7 tonight  but then I get to leave early sometime this week!! which will be Friday the day before my 2 week vaca!
I'm on my way to school. Last Friday of school 
Too many Friday lollies 
@bowtonos Friday dash to the airport in peak hour sydney traffic + rain - pint 
Friday - yeah :0 ~ these f**kin shingles are still killin' *boo*  ~ however might be just about to purchase a nice new mtb frameset =:0
is having a bad Friday in the office 
@sebastianparis ha, it may be Friday but I work weekends 
train delays this morning, my journey took a while, a bit annoying as it has made Friday feel much much longer - boo 
is still in fucking hospital and really fucking over it  this was to be my one Friday night out with friends!
It's bad when the Friday starts by compiling a to-do list... for the weekend 
Just so so glad it's Friday - had a looooooooooooooong week 
it's going to be a busy Friday - and I am working on the bank holiday - yippee 
@RaviKapoor I tweeted about it releasing today  By I swear I found some confirmed reports on that, even bookmyshow had it for this Friday.
grinding, horrible, Friday morning meeting. fuckin starvin but no way out of here 
@rachellawson89 lol yeh I hate getting up early, I've just woke up :-p but I work 12-8 every Friday  x
@glamgirlknits must be hard  but of is Friday, so slightly unfocused is ok? ;-) x
any more work and i'm going to explode. 21:50 on a Friday night, wine in hand and still working 
Its a Friday night, its 8.15pm....and I'm ready for bed already  ........ GAHH thats terrible  haha lovelove x &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
TGIF!!! Even though it's Friday, I still don't want to go to work 
good afternoon everyone - wishing you all a good Friday! - am still feeling under the weather  flu - arrrgh!!
And in true Friday tradition, I've lost a couple of followers 
Normally really happy to finish early on a Friday, but I've nout to do 
quick lunch I think, I hate the Friday before a bank holiday. Nothing to do or rushed off your feet! - nothing to do right now 
Its Friday and my work week isn't over yet, still have one more day of work left 
At least I don't have to work until late tonight...Friday's are a pain. 
Guess it's time to go to work now   at least it's Friday
@TGIF At least I don't have to work until late tonight...Friday's are a pain. 
Just off out now, hopefully going to have a decent Friday night this week, unlike last week  that was shite.
Getting ready for work  I would say I'm happy it's Friday but I also have work tomorrow... #SaveEarl!
Working on a maths quiz to torture unsuspecting first-year engineering students - mwahahahaha! But what a sad way to spend a Friday night 
Dammit. I thought yesterday was Friday. 
Friday afternoon and a load of stuff to get through before I can get to the beer festival 
It's raining and dull this Friday morning.  
Getting up to work on Friday 
@RoseCullenz i feel great today!! its Friday and the day is beautiful..sorry you dont feel as good though 
Friday, payday! Or more like, bill paying day 
It's a good day, because it's Friday. I have to go to buy a book for my sister-in-law. 
working on a Friday before a holiday weekend   should be at the beach !!!!!!
Friday...3 day weekend...it would be perfect if my baby wasn't leaving.  
It's Friday, it's date night, but my date is 350 miles away 
It is not my sweet Friday. 
@justlegendary It's Friday, but that's pretty much the beginning of my workweek!  
Friday! And I still have no plans for tonight. 
@abigailcrook Having sandwiches nearly every day really does suck  so we tend to go out on Friday lunch breaks to relax in the pub :p
this Friday is seriously draggin ass!!!!!  BOOOOOOOO
Yay Friday stuck at work 
My Friday started out bad, so should be a long bad day 
A depressing start to the Friday morning. There are no kolaches or donuts in the cafe. I was so craving one too. 
It's Friday yet again and again no plans this weekend boo 
I can already tell this is gonna be a busy Friday...and its gonna be a yucky,rainy weekend 
It's always fun doing two days worth of work in one day... especially on a Friday 
@janeyha aaahhh filf Friday LOL xxxx  no body wants 2 jump me old bones 
I know it's Friday but why does it need to drag so much 
Why did I just get a meeting invitation for 12:30 and another one at 3:00...it's Friday 
40 minutes til this wasted Friday is over. 
i miss Friday nights with my girlfriends.  awww.i feel sluggish today.
Off to a wedding tonight...........on a Friday  ...........hmmmmm??
So I'm a loser and didn't mean to twitter that...  happy Friday friends!!
The Friday before a three-day-weekend should never be THIS busy.  http://ff.im/39bXY
I love it when someone &quot;finds&quot; some work that has to be done before the end of a week a 4.30 on a Friday afternoon 
is at home recovering but wishing she was having post-work Friday night drinks  
is bummed out that her music video shoot that was scheduled for this Friday has been delayed! 
is only going home on Friday. 
Also tomorrow it the last Friday of the school year.  ?
Going to try and get some sleep and stop thinking about everything..tomorrow is are last Friday of school 
so glad that shift is over. also glad tomorrow is my Friday off.  if the rumors are right those days may be numbered. 
feeling the blues... *sigh* wish it were Friday tonight.. then I'd have the weekend to figure things out 
I always get depressed on Friday, my boys leave 
@kelcouch I'm sorry  at least it's Friday?
My sisser is moving tomorrow and of makes me sad  actually I guess technically in a couple of hours since it's already Friday.
I am dying to hangout on a Friday afternoon... 
Friday tubes at work are slow.. 
So it's Friday... I have to keep reminding myself since every day seems the same 
It's natsmith88 last Friday today 
It's @natsmith88 last Friday today 
On a brighter note.. still at work at 6:15 on Friday working on other peoples problems...  oh man. I'm SO eating pizza tonight. hoorah!
It's Friday and sun is shining and its quite warm already, Just walked the dog, He is so freaky  hyper 
just starting my day...a long Friday 
going to funeral today for friend and classmate who died in a car wreck last Friday 
I wish yesterday was Friday 
gonna be in bed soon as Friday's over soon,   would like to plug in!!
It's Friday, it's payday...oh yeah, as a state employee I had 1/2 of 1 percent of my annual salary deducted from my paycheck  
@menchuly it's Friday and sweldo day too 
It's Friday, but not the most pleasant ones  waaaaaay to much work...
I'm really tired today - I must have slept very badly... I'm glad it's an &quot;off&quot; Friday, but I've still got a ton of stuff to get done  #fb
It's Friday!!!!....and the sun is out....but I'm working inside.  
@brainstuck hey! chutti was very tiring.. and have to travel again tomo  how was your Friday?
@paulo_one yes it went down smooth! Too bad I have to get back to work though  how are you enjoying your Friday?
has a gym day and is hoping to enjoy the last Friday of her twenties. 
There  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's Friday.
Heading to work - on my Friday off. 
Finally at home. Who decides it's time for more work at 17:10 on the Friday of a long weekend... apparently my client. 
At work and really slow for a beautiful day and a Friday. 
Wow it's definitely Friday- the gym is completely empty! What to do? I'd like to play the wii but I guess I'll vacuum 
Friday is not treating me well so far. 
Last free Friday. 
@heatherlilly what's follow Friday?? Lol. 
Being unable to have booze on a Friday, indeed the entire weekend, actually hurts 
In an office on a Friday evening 
@johnpapa 4:30 on a Friday and you've already got out the fine china? I want I want I want in on it - still at work. 
I'm always the last one in the office....especially on Friday 
Finally the school day ended, Friday Friday Friday w00t! But it's raining outside. 
It's 10.30pm on a Friday night and I'm going to bed. How pathetic. 
Hates being sat around alone on a Friday night. big sad old loser 
Friday and it's raining 
yeah its Friday! I thought my sis was coming into town turns out she is not!!  so sad! i miss my babies!!! 
got a surprising and sad news on a Friday  (clue:effect of global financial crisis) http://plurk.com/p/x2vyi
5 Mins, till the end of follow me Friday 
Friday evening......what to do, what to do.  I have to idea. 
I am so glad it's Friday. I just got off work and I'm so tired. 
All dressed, showered and clean-shaven and I have nowhere to go on a Friday night 
It's Friday and I don't have a job for the weekend 
Working on a Friday night 
@ Kosme -&gt; careful or you're going to be like me; updating websites and such on a Friday night 
Cleaning my house on a Friday night 
@siobhanvivian I'm staying in writing, too. No Friday night partying for me.  
@ home waiting for some pizza, oh what a Friday night 
rats...the one Friday evening I'm on vacation, and it's not working.    I'm gonna go cook something...
Still at work @7pm on Friday... dangit 
Chill'n at the crib on a Friday night sucks 
ugh it's a Friday night and I'm so bored. There's nothing 2 do. N none of my buddies r on 
@5DollarDinners @CommnSenseMoney I wish hubs was here to say that   He always runs the concerts on Friday night, so it's just me a twitter
I'm out if my codiene and nyquil. fml. Friday is for fun not being sick 
All I wanted was a fun Friday night, but some people know how to ruin anything. I wanna go home 
Why is no one out this Friday night? 
- who works on a Friday at midnight after working 47 hrs already in the week...ME!!! 
@DanyellJoy it's sad I'm home alone on a Friday night. I drank to much beer and have a sick tummy 
One of my friends just called me out.  She asked me why I was home on a Friday night.  And I told her I'm old and can't hang anymore 
bummer! Friday nite, nothing to do, thought I karaoke alone just to find out my magic mic is broken  gi back to cropping I guess
I'm still up. A workaholic never sleeps!!! I've had on the same socks since Friday morning. I forgot what my pillow feels like 
@akurys My unusual work hours and staying up late during the week to watch hockey spelled D-O-O-M for a late Friday night. 
I keep thinking it's Friday 
preparing from a our revolution at work next Friday, we all have nothing to loose, i think 
Oh crap I forgot follow Friday :C sorry guys 
@qtjene I'd go up there but I can't really.. drive right now...But you're welcome over here! Or maybe next Friday? I wish we lived closer 
@jessward123 no I didn't go  damn good show hey!!! All time low Friday???
@adammmz @jonutspony  sorry I couldnt make it Friday night, my flight was delayed  when do you leave?
I wish it was Friday night again. 
Today my baby brother is 17 and doesn't want to be called by his nickname anymore  lol..and my besties bday is Friday....wooohoooo!
Just saw essa's recent twitpic. Friday, I miss you 
@Serendipi on Friday night 
@SugarPlumFerret She must have slipped past me out the door sometime late Friday night. I haven't seen her since. 
Craigslisting all my baby girls baby things she doesnt use or wear anymore  shes a year on Friday!
@luckykarmz Fly back Friday night 
finally finishing of editing Friday's photo's.. missed the sun, beach and many phone calls 
Wishing I wasn't broke so I could go to @taylorswift13 concert on Friday. 
@ScreamLoud14 Ahh your so lucky your getting our Friday.  i've been pretty good! how are ya? no, i don't have aim. 
@calebonner LOL I won't be there Friday. 
Ah crap, I think I got done for speeding this morning  And maybe for running a red light on Friday night when I was sleepy. Whoops?
I feel bad. I spoiled the surprise my friend have for their 3rd wedding anniversary this coming Friday 
@SirElmo mine's on Friday...havent started 
@lorraineSE22 diets suck don't they  Have you seen graze.com (for lunch replacement)? I got my first box on Friday - healthy + tasty
oh maaaan!  I napped on the couch and woke up thinking it was Friday night and I had a whole weekend ahead of me to chill and do nuthin 
Eating lunch alone in my office.  A change from Friday 
The weather isn't looking so great for Friday 
The anxiety is slowly building for my surgery on Friday. 
weekend = gymnastics, new bikes, swimming in the ocean.  big adventure for my little ones.  Even got to crop on Friday, but no writing. 
@mylender Had a follower spike on Friday, and I think it's because I signed up at a site that promotes that. Also autofollowing back 
So sorry that I missed #followfriday It is so hard to do that from an iPhone, and that is where I was all day on Friday! 
@emmalpitts I don't think I would make it in time.  We should do one on a Friday or weekend if possible!
Picking up my girlies &amp; taking them for ice cream! I haven't seen them since Friday 
@insideview Installed it Friday.  It is ok, but lacks an estimated 75% of my mid-market &quot;accounts&quot;.  
It has NOT been a good &quot;Friday&quot; morning. 
@clearskies I have only gotten a text message from @siriuslyheather last Friday. I really do miss her 
@hiimbrandon Have you seen Friday the 13th? Is it in theatres yet? I miss my horror movie remake buddy 
moved into the new place...but no internet until Friday 
Friday ima be without the only stable thing in my life   
@WillemPenn can't make it.  I have a reversal dinner for a wedding I'm in on Friday. 
@fouldsy 'poor'... so SHE went fishing?  I'm all confused... now... will u be coming over this week - she leaves Friday 
@SugarJones Wish I could join you on Friday, but I'm on mom duty 
I'm staring in dismay at my timetable for Friday and wondering what the hell I did to deserve such a hellish day... 
Wishes it was last Friday 
@kieranwelch I really want to see lesbian vampire killers... But it's not on yet  do you have exams Friday the 19th?
My orbea arrives on Friday :-D But today I'm ill 
@Fatworm Another scorcher here today - 27 degrees.  Think you'll going to be bringing the colder weather back with you - 17 on Friday 
@kayteejay6 I need to talk to you re; Friday 
My poor eye from tripping over on Friday night   http://twitpic.com/6gghu
@andrewbarnett try thrisday/Friday unless you placed a special clearance - no chq has priority anymore 
back to work again tomorrow till Friday.  *sniff
doing chinese homework  going to movies on Friday!!
hopes the raining stops on Friday..turbulence is never my friend.  http://plurk.com/p/xwjum
@JohnDeck  yep, I like the weather, only I have a daughter graduating &amp; an outside party to throw this Friday and here tell it may rain 
Wants it to be Friday 
@tomitoy, he doesnt get home until Friday 
@MeggPegg It's good then? We have to wait til Friday. 
@jumpman85 that's no fun  I'm off til Friday...
@lois321 yeah... that sucks... will miss the Friday show... but I have rehearsals that are going to run too late for me to be there! 
@DainFam0uszD I really don't want to. I just want it to be Friday. 
@sico33 I'm expecting the cabriolet back thats been at the garage since Friday  so it'll probably rain later, sorry.
Proprosal for Friday: A day of malls and a lunch out. I wish I had women friends that didn't consist solely of my relations. 
Just at work board as per.  didn't buy anything yesterday for the rav eon Friday so don't know what I'm going to wear 
Working hard today so I can have tomorrow free to study for exam on Friday 
back from school ! tired  ! Friday comes so let`s party , girls !
Just got home from the mall after hanging out with one of my good friend who's leaving this Friday 
I do the test and now I am relaxing but on Friday I have other test 
@PaulOrMond I'll let you off I guess. I don't know what I'm going to wear Friday now though 
@emily_paterson why are exams determined to kill me.  not looking forward to Friday 
@junbug80 Have to work Friday - my schedule is messed up again.   I have more books for you though &amp; will try to get them to you soon.
@Aahlixx alex! i miss u  its been way too long. give boo a hug and kiss for me and when i get back we are hanging out! Friday!!!!! xoxox
If it rains on Friday, I will have nothing to do 
is it gonna be another quiet Friday around here? 
It's fux'n Friday..uggh hot jam &amp; all da after spot will b live tonite.. I'm not a partyier.whomp whomp whomp 
Is very glad it's Friday, but has so much work to do at home and is feeling overwhelmed 
I remember when Friday nights were about taking something I shouldn't and dancing till six in the morning. Now? I stay in and work 
It is Friday and I am not even excited 
is glad its finally Friday but not looking forward to being on-call this weekend 
@CATHHHH Aww Friday night revision is never fun  hope u take lots of breaks! U working this weekend? U must be working for stocktake huh
I love being at home on a Friday evening. I'm a sad old lady 
@Locket2you but I had to pick K up from school even earlier than I expected so I won't be able to come by now    Next Friday @beerandblog?
I'm not in the twittering or follow Friday mood. 
Its Friday and I can't seem to make it through my last 45 mins at work 
On the bus to the grove. Not for musso concert though...  I wish the luau was next Friday instead.
hey... why did everyone leave me alone on a Friday night like this? 
Slugging away at work  - On on Friday night aswell - what a crock
Is bored and sittin' in on a Friday night 
Has got the Friday blues    so to combat it I'm not really doing any work 
Sucks I have to be so sick on a Friday!!  
Omgg!!!! Friday at school is over!!! Why am I sad? 
Friday ... But working this weekend 
Workkk on a Friday 
bored and home alone on a Friday night...I need friends 
It's Friday, nothing to do, and it's boring 
Even with the truck breakdown I am back at base in 14 hours, which is actually a normal Friday. 
Just got in from work, now relax for a few hours before bed and do it all over again in the early a.m. No Friday night for me 
Sitting here on a Friday because I have an assignment due for online class. 
relaxing for my Friday night at the moment...hungry though 
@incubrat is snoring at 7:24 on a Friday. 
trying to make my Friday fun even though i can't go to my last Hawkfest!! 
Decemberists are sold out.    first Friday, here we come!
I did not plan to spend my Friday night sick. 
Letting my son stay up until 8:30 tonight since today was the last Friday of 1st grade, 6 pm &amp; I'm already regretting it 
@RoundersRob no plans on a Friday.  I know, so sad 
2 hours and counting...providing my replacement shows up on time.  But it is Friday night...damn, I'm gonna be here all night 
At work and bored outta my mind.    its soooo slow for a Friday night. Where is everyone?
TGIF! But it is the last Friday of middle school!! 
Wishing i had something to do on Friday night 
is home watching the game... I love that show. But it's Friday night why am I home 
Friday doesn't mean much when you're working the weekend. 
Home on a Friday night. That's what kids do to you. 
@KellyCerro awww - that was mean of me! But I do close so I can't go Friday! 
@philipnewmannz  It's Friday for me...I forget you're about a day ahead.
i am not in my study mode. it's Friday!  finals suck!
I miss movie nights in my dorm room every Friday   I miss you guys! ...switching schools isn't going to be as easy as I thought. :-/
Friday night, after midnight, I'm sitting here bored and lonely. Suckkkk 
It's  Friday and I can't go out becuz I have work in the morning. 
It just hit me I am officially going to be leaving 8th grade on Friday... And I suddenly don't wanna go to high skool either 
its Friday! lets stay up guys... no goodnight 
Man I totally missed out on first Friday 
I think this was the most boring Friday I ever had 
says this is prolly the lamest Friday night I've had in a loooong time  http://plurk.com/p/ys82d
wishes she could get the weekend back. turn back time. let it be Friday tomorrow. please?  http://plurk.com/p/yvqe1
Another Friday, another hungover  can't believe I have slept for 12hours
@nhoustonreed aw too late i made some delicious homemade chicken noodle soup yesterday (Friday) 
Just bought some zinfindal for the boy and I... And my friend from work got fired Friday 
@benjistigs I was attacked by two pitbulls last Friday, had surgery I can't walk. So I can't party 
@elliottucker Lovely weather until Friday, of course  temperature is high, 25, but cloudy today 
has uploaded some of the photowalk photos. Has also decided that Friday was *not* a good day for photography! 
@girlstoys no problem! Friday  will be great! And dont worry, we have all been really sick this week 
@hipbones I'll talk to you later bb xx I fancied a chat Friday night I was bored but you no answer  lolz
Suffering from shin splints due to poor shoe choice Friday on the treadmill 
Leaving hotel room now heading home to relax don't have my lap top till Friday get more rams on it sucky  well I still have my desk top
been feeling dizzy since Friday....what's going on?! 
@16_MileyCyrus yeah im getting my tickets on Friday i hope i get some 
I want to go to a foam party! Boourns! I work early Friday morning though 
my sister is gone for soccer camp till Friday.  I'm gunna be so bored with out my goofy, crazy buddy!  
@Teemudog I'll get you next Friday!! sorry! 
a whole week without talking to zach  he will be back from his field training exercise on Friday though!
Getting work done since I didn't do it Friday! 
Is home with my kiddies...hubby out hunting...again  thank goodness the season is over soon!!!!! But we did  get a bear on Friday!
@enednoviel yep, heart attack this morning. He had just posted on Friday to the Constrict list about his badge and all. 
I lost my debit card on Friday! I hate not being able to access my own money! I feel so helpless! 
@pottergaz nice one mate thanks. I thought carphone warehouse was the best deal. I wont be home on Friday tho 
I know it's not Friday but my friend @diarosa is new on twitter and has only 2 followers  let's show her how much fun it can be
@exxor I only knew about it at the end of Friday.. .so it was too late anyway 
@drowner1979 I've never gotten higher  (except in groups) your essay due on Friday, how long is it?
Would you believe that my mom is actually asking me to ditch my classes this Friday? I would love to, to tell you the truth. But I can't 
had a good weekend, now back at work  I can't wait til Friday!
I gotta go to summer school  I just ended regular school last Friday!!!! (((
&lt;&lt;&lt; tried to learn some day stocks trading on Friday, but was too slow...not the best day to take a lesson....   
$$ &lt;&lt;&lt; tried to learn some day stocks trading on Friday, but was too slow...not the best day to take a lesson.... 
I am now wife-less until Friday  now only a #squarespace iPhone could cheer me up
think I'm just going to talk to people on twitter all day because my real voice still sounds terrible after losing it Friday night 
@maryleahy I missed you, when you disappeared on Friday. 
So,I'm in class and my group is supposed to discuss our presentation for Friday but we are done already..so I'm getting bored 
Is upset not knowing many people to help me out with fund raising for Friday event 
@KBurkhardtSNY spoke too soon when he said Friday it was &quot;the worst loss I've ever seen.&quot; 
My ears haven't popped since Friday 
*sigh* another exam this Friday 
@Nkluvr4eva i think there are going to be enough tears w/o booze on Friday...no need to make it messier!  
@comicgrrrl Only for the first couple of days if I do (and I most likely will).  I can't stand that place from Friday on. 
@DonnieWahlberg I'm not sad....sorry for Australian fans...I'm sad that Friday is my last scheduled concert, than what?  
@orca3174 and then my own daddy's angel day is Friday. 
@scottmeinzer i really wanted to but i have something already planned Friday that i cant miss 
@Mughhh I got Ghostbusters Friday but had to send it out to the review team 
@LadyShaeShae aww how come I wanna go home then   after Friday all you have to worry about is bills!
Just spoke with o2... And has discovered he can't afford the new iphone on Friday 
Taking Friday off but I have to run around all day and it won't seem like a day off. 
Why can't it be Friday already? 
Now I have to wait until Friday to get my new toy. 
Wish I had money to go to Friday's game 
Driver's training day 2. A test already in that class!!! I don't drive till Friday though 
@Introspectre ended up with other plans on the Friday night which screwed up my sleep pattern, and I would've crashed driving to durham. 
@stkhandi....enjoy! I tried to see her here this past Friday and the show was sold out 
can it be Friday already?!?? 
I am officially out of money on Friday. I don't know what to do 
@bearginner It was great to see you too.  It sounds like I will miss you for the rest of your trip.  I leave tomorrow until Friday.  
Revising for my chemistry exam on Friday 
@purserhallard In Friday evening traffic jams, it isn't an unreasonable assumption 
Feels like it's Friday. I love pay day. Just wish I could spend some money. 
@ladyofsalzburg I left my keys at work recently on a Friday night 
@Jonasbrothers i want to buy it today really bad but i cant  i have to wait until Friday and it sucks because i feel bad!
The A/C here at work has been broke since Friday. 
@7ohhfivahx Friday 19th 
Is it Friday yet?? 
cursing yet another cell phone FAIL. I am cell-less until Friday. 
Dreading Friday...I hate confrontations that end what I thought was such a good thing 
Not feeling all that too great, can't wait till Friday afternoon.. 
As of Friday every time I drink something I want to laugh.  Not cool.
My room is overwhelmingly messy. And this upsets me. But what upsets me most is knowing that I won't have time to clean it until Friday 
After 24hrs I'm not contagious nomore and I will b there Friday even if I have to wear a mask but damn no drinking 
I'm leaving on Friday , what to pack??? 
Why couldn't #Conan do the audienceys last Friday when I was there? 
Ooops, in the dog-house   new iPhone 3G S purchase was rumbled last night. roll on Friday
I have to go to the doctors on Friday  Blahhh!
not excited about getting up in 4 hours. Or the prospect of being at the airport at 4:30 am on Friday. 
@GoddesssMelody pfft. Friday sure not? Later you need to go meet js again. 
Why isn't it Friday 
@afallendevil Unfortunately I have not the slightest idea  But I will be in a meeting Friday from 9-5, so I have no time to be jealous ...
Going to work and praying for Friday 
doctor's appointment on Friday.. oh no not this friday, next friday 
Is it Friday yet 
@bendaviswxm aye  got doctors and dentist on Friday to see if they can sort me out.
is seriously?? Can it just be Friday already??  So exhausted and just want to know!
I don't wanna to to canada  we leave Friday night
I miss home  If only Friday could come sooner.
Is going to work.  can't wait for Friday!
Friday (yn)  just has P.e and science   xx http://tinyurl.com/n5tzn8
@shaunmichaelb yep  got physics on Friday and then chemistry next wed but then that's it  that's kind of when my summer begins..xcept..
got a stupid chest infection!! and has 2 go 2 school on Friday! 
My old primary school is celebrating 50 yrs on Friday, my old headteacher's leaving aswell after 20 yrs 
have to learn &quot;dynamics&quot;... test on Friday... 
@JasonBradbury I'm working away from home so won't be able to update until Friday night 
@she_shines92 I can't go... They play Friday night... 
I love 3.0 but I'm totally already missing my jailbreak.  Is it Friday yet?
@mynextstep_ awwww  I've got this 1000 word essay in for Friday on three plays and it's so hard  I nearly burst into tears earlier
@chiehn I sadly cannot do Friday  but I should be a around at some point next week...I'll give you a call and we'll compare schedules ;)
Oh why can't it be Friday? 
@kelanjo19 mms (picture messeging) will only work from Friday 
wishes it was Friday already! Its been a long week 
@RebekahAdame ; are you going to pay for me lol ? I have no money till Friday 
@hippydude361 looking for something to wear on Friday, but nothing's jumping out at me screaming *buy me! buy me!*  and LOL.. not yet.
Wishes it was Friday already 
Ugh. I thought it was Friday until just now 
@mhairi1234 ano it really doesn't feel right and I will end up thinking it's Friday n then be depressed when it's not 
I want to see 311 on Friday 
boreeeeeeed, tired and thinking...&quot;Friday: chemestry test&quot; omg ! 
Dads on Friday!  Yay!- not really
@reggieblack I hope the weather is better on Friday 
Everyone is always out on Friday nights! 
Yes, another ortho visit leading to another specialist next Friday 
being sick sucks.. hopefully i'll feel better by Friday 
C'mon ppl follow @peterfacinelli . We need 500,000 followers by Friday 
@ &quot;home&quot; if that's what you would call it...can't wait 'till Friday, I hope she comes back  *worried*
My birthday is Friday....no plans... 
4 weeks... I'm coming home Friday which nice. I wouldn't mind staying up longer if we had a drilling rig running but no such luck! 
I feel so bad with myself I didn't go to my pillares since monday  cuz I've been so busy in the morning hope this Friday I can do it
@anticelebrity stop telling me you have tickets I can't go on Friday night 
@benz87 except - I forgot I'm doing overtime this week, so Friday really is Friday grrrrrrrrrrrr 
I have a headache, feeling dizzy &amp; my eyes are sore.  hope I'll feel better in the morning. Friday is my day!
i have to work with my least favourite employee tomorrow  lame. but, tomorrow's Friday! D
I am tired this morning; and payroll is waiting for me in the office  But on a brighter side, tomorrow is Friday.
It's only thursday??  Feels like Friday. 
I wish it was Friday 
@RyanSeacrest I know! I've been feeling like it's Friday all day, not fun! 
just got to wprk and already want to leave, man do I wish it was Friday 
@HeartBreakV I would sooo be there if I didn't have to work early Friday morning 
@mylifescape Looks like @za5 is organising one. I cant make it  You coming to the tweetup next Friday? http://twtvite.com/zhyfnj
is annoyed that my brain keeps telling me its Friday 
I truly woke up this morning thinking it was Friday...it's going to be a long day 
Why isn't it Friday today? 
@rachelmotte before I forget--creativity group is meeting on Friday, so I probably won't be over that night. 
@rjfinnegan I'm going to miss you when you're gone  I can't wait to see you Friday!
@FallOutCookGirl @azangel84 I'll post a link to my recap, vids and pictures when I get back on Friday.  I won't be twittering tonight. 
Wishing it was Friday  #peterfacinelli
@ddlovato ahhhhh can't wait till next Friday(: I tweet you every possible time. But ill never get an @reply  that's ok yur still my fav.
Feeling glad I'm not working tomorrow,  but sad as it's my last Friday off ever - I'm going full time next week 
@atx85 I can't do 6:30  that's why we always do it late Friday.
@sjstrutt today's my Friday, have fun working 65 hours.  #weekend
Going to bed now.  Five year olds on their birthday are hard to get to bed.  Two year old sisters - even harder   Friday tomorrow right?
ughhhhh - Is it Friday yet... and is it pay day yet...   I hate being broke!!!  A whole nother week until I get paid again...
It's a Friday. I miss the lunch out gang 
Friday, smart cassual day ~ I'm not smart and not cassual 
Friday's finally here... big presentation today... but still feeling sick 
I so want to go home - I am really feeling Friday today  - I am sick of carting my stick everywhere 
@corygreenwell I won't  I can only make it to Friday
is glad it's Friday, but not looking forward to working short handed again  
It's Friday afternoon and I'm stuck at home babysitting, cold and sick  this sux i want summer back
Since it's follow Friday, follow my man @MOARdrew, cus he's lonely. 
has to stay late on a Friday night cos he forgot to do something fairly major 
@wendymah I can't wait to see it! I had planned to see it on Friday, my day off, but now I'm all cootied up. 
@miranda_jane oh no!  Friday afternoon miracle recovery time?
I wish i could enjoy my Friday night, I'm willing to come to soccer any other day during the week but not Friday! 
no one wants to fix my air condition on Friday 
It's Friday, last day of work for most, not me though, I'm in all weekend 
How can it be Friday, when the week seems to have just begun? 
@preethzzz hey, cutie! Friday fuck-ups at work...  so bored!
It's Friday, but it won't be as good a weekend as I hoped it'd be 
Wish I could get excited about it being Friday but I'm on call all weekend  #fb
Friday, tuesday...same to me! I dnt knw the meaning of wkend animore 
is Friday morning in starbucks for fruit toast ... only one in the creative side of the office and my radio has been taken off my desk 
It's Friday... but the sun doesn't shining... 
I'm glad it's Friday, been a hard week 
Friday nights are crazzy 
Friday seems to be reports day 
i cant go to the Friday ; mother angries with me 
Wish didn't have such a busy Friday ahead... fancy a nice cold peary-cidery thingy in the garden but neighbours have got the builders in 
is working late on a Friday night... 
@holibee Jealous  What shall we do tonight?? Friday!
everything and everyone 2day is conspiring to ruin my Friday  bleh!
im worried about the future of me and this city &amp; country &amp; world...its Friday.I must be mad or i out too much kajal 
Friday...man I want my old schedule back 
@christoph_84 all very exciting! Jealous of you bring out in the sunshine, am in an office all day today  at least it's Friday tho!
Its Friday! .. But i have to work tomorrow 
It's Friday &amp; I'm stuck at work 
good mornin tweeties  it's Friday woo hoo!! baby girl leavin 2day  we at da airport waitin 4 da plane
@bethg40   hope it starts to feeling like Friday!
last Friday at my school! graduating on to grade 7.    im too young now im depressed 
Sitting at my desk on a rainy Friday 
Craptacular weather..what a poor excuse for a Friday 
Its Friday evening.... I have two full days to relish.... But still life sucks!!!!! 
@waffletruck No wonder you arent in the usual Friday place 
Tidying my room then going to gym later! what a Friday! 
I feel much better today although I am still under the weather  ...YAY it's Friday
Friday is here at last. I can't believe it took seven freakin' days to arrive 
Looooong day today, 5 hour meeting was hardcore, especially on a Friday 
@superfrayed not the best ways to start your Friday 
@ocado didn't bring my sushi  Friday night is no longer sushi night   
yay, it's Friday... it's been a long week 
You can tell it's Friday afternoon... I need a coffee. And possibly some chocolate. 
well it's finally Friday. But what do I care. I'm a lamp! I'm on an automatic timer, so no time off for me 
can't say I've had a Friday go this bad this fast before! 
Thk god it's Friday...sore throat tht won't go away 
Friday nite ..... very tired ..... still at offc ....  
Friday Nyt &amp; still in office  #fb
@squisheroo That's like YouData earnings that automatically deposit every Friday.  43 cents seems so puny when it's all alone.  
Working late on a Friday, bad times 
@jmbisbee I don't think I've ever gotten to leave early on a Friday 
Breaks finnished now  back to work! What a shit Friday night.
back... from drivers ED Its Friday not tht it matters  nothing to do anyway i guess im gonna go eat
It's Friday night and I can't go out 
still in office.. on birthday date and that too on Friday seriously working in office... 
I have to close on a Friday night! 
It's Friday....But not pay-day 
OH NO! I forgot its Friday. I have to blog 
Yesterday totally felt like Friday so now I'm lost 
I have sweated through my clothes a good three times and have a pounding headache  But it's Friday!
needs to leave to office so that I can enjoy my first summer Friday... by going to the gym 
is finally glad that it is Friday. I really want to go to this concert, but not alone 
@purplebint No, I don't  And nobody will be at his workplace at this time of a Friday night. He is shit at feeling the phone vibrate tho.
is in on her own, very lonely and bored. It's Friday night aswell 
@adammshankman I don't know how follow Friday works either 
The thing about Friday nights in front of the tv is that I can't stop myself keep nodding off to sleep 
So glad it's Friday!! To bad the weekend never lasts long enough 
Still @ work...today is 13hr Friday, idk y I  pick Fridays to work both jobs back to back. 8-4:30 5-9. I dnt feel good either, 
Yay for Friday!  Aw crap. I work Saturdays. 
so on a normal Friday this would be about the time to start goofing off..but boss man is here 
&lt; 30 miles to go and of course I hit Friday rush hour 
Seriously considering going to bed right now...at 645...on a Friday. I lose at having a life 
Working late on Friday  tons of stuff to do for next week
How y'all doing on this Friday evening! I'm here @work  slaving still 
Friday! This stormy weather had got-to-go. I got nail polish on my new medical scrubs 
At last it is Friday, time to relax and work all weekend on the lawn. 
Oh how I hate Friday night expense reports!  
#dontyouhate having to study on a Friday evening? 
working on a Friday night 
Today (Friday) didn't go too well 
I was so excited about follow Friday then I got to busy to do it. 
Long, tough day...not a typical Friday 
Finally home. I don't think I've ever been so tired on a Friday 
@THISISFLYNESS n 4 the nite.. like I always do..Fridays ain't Friday 2 me.more like Sundays &lt;---awwww 
I'm still working, I'm starving and my undies were giving me a wedgie. This is not a good Friday night. 
@dividetheday Mkay, well yall were ;) This sucks its Friday night and I can't even drank... 
The proposal was sold out!  to Friday's for drinks!
@DuceMcLuvin uh huh..  sucks to be on a Friday. U always at sum party.
@kerinrose it's Friday night!!!! 
I don't understand how working professionals can do anything on Friday nights...I'm so tired  #WakingUpTooEarlyFail
Friday and no where to go 
@keeeks you're telling me. I've only had two hours since 6am Friday 
is at home on a late Friday night with no one to hangout with  I feel so bored
These Friday nights suck, a lot. There's nothing to eat and I'm starving, I just need to sleep for the next 5 days 
@katieblair yeah, and you should be out playing on a Friday night...sorry 
I feel like a 90 year old woman...exhausted before midnight on a Friday night 
I have a whole fiance AAAND a room-mate... So how did I end up home alone on a Friday night?!  lame
The new Friday the 13th is scary as fuck! Omgomgomg 
@ate_mary_ann work on a Friday night...that's even worse. 
@FLYKINGi wow on a Friday  I may not b able to attend :|
@lesley007 lol i remembered but forgot my dad is away for the weekend I meant to go up Friday with his stuff , oh dear 
is at home..yet again on a Friday night. I need a social life 
@wilpee I feel for you mate! i think i may have what you did /do. I have been on death's bed since Friday morning 
saturday has come at last... Friday can kiss my a$$ today will be awsome time for a movie with the girl then work tonight only 3.5 hours 
@KARupert its 65 degrees and its going to rain/storm until Friday....every single day 
@fawned My rent finishes on Friday 
has to pack  i leave on Friday!!!!!
Last night at the beach Friday night  http://mypict.me/4J2S
@neurosceptic They are the ones who have made my job redundant next Friday 
rawr!!! im so tired...i won't be home all day tomorow, and i hope to ask my mom about Friday 
I think I'm still hungover from Friday night 
I hatez bring skintooo. :@ been sooo bored all weekend. booo. Friday seems soo far away 
@jessnichols  Congrats on your new jeanage.. I tried to find them on Friday night but my detective skills were inhibited by beer 
@zephyrsky yea, just this Friday   it was a shocker to all of us!  And you can see why all of the evening's newscast was on his memory.
I can't sleep  I just watched Friday the 13th! LOL
@pokemeidareyou I'm so bummed that I have to wait until Friday to watch it 
Aww I missed the cookie dough eating on Friday  
@catstrak We are not there tonight  but Friday we are live... #collectsoulliveonfriday
I've literally just realised that my entire week disappears from 1pm tomorrow, and suddenly Friday doesn't seem too great 
Why is it my luck the one time I speed in weeks a cop pulls me over! I have to take a freaking 4hr safety dring class on Friday 
already missing yall!!  ... but still keepin' hope.....anyway cannot wait this Friday!!! soo excited !!! 
@sakoPTBO I would totally party but I don't get paid till Friday 
No internet after this Friday  what ever will I do!!??  No blogs for a while.
is getting extremely nervous about her surgery on Friday. 
Friday seems so far 
@ktsummer I'm so afraid when I see them Friday that it will be the last time  
The terrible downside of being a petrolhead strikes - scrap man coming for much-loved old banger on Friday 
@mpaguaga Yes I want Friday to come too!! I miss my friends 
Wish air con was working in car. After 60 mins on motorway had to get stright into shower I was so wilting  roll on Friday get aircon fix
@beipas huh? but I work on Friday still 
@williegomez saw ye in the club in dub on the Friday, wish now I tried to talk 2 ye 
@simplybrent  I'm so jealous. RandomLB and I were there Friday and didn't even get to eat there.   ...have a good time. 
dad's having surgery this Friday 
@mariaheim I'm super well. I'm not sure If I will be at pancakes on Friday... need to take my daughter to church at 7:45... 
@stasiachan I'm getting a blood test either tomorrow or Friday. Its a cholesterol test   I hate cholesterol tests...
@theweddingdiva I'm waaaaay up. I didn't buy my tix until last Friday  318
Furniture designs and exploded axons done by Friday? maybe throw in a mini model too? no problem... 
goddammit, had I known I was leaving fucking Friday, I would've stayed at my dad's. He would let me spend the night at someone's house 
@AmandaXOXOXOXO I can't meet you tmmw morn  Friday is that okay?
I'm all by my lonesome til Friday. 
@TheSoundCrate it is for me though  How's about Friday?
is it Friday yet???? 
I wish today was Friday 
Regretting not eating dinner and barely sleeping last night  is it Friday yet?
Friday can't come fast enough! 
@bellaclara Not Friday then  x
I keep thinking today is Friday 
I wish wish wish it was Friday. 
So ready for it to be Friday....I miss last week 
It feels like Friday but it's not 
I almost cried this morning when I realized it wasn't Friday  One more day until I can see my kiddo 
@smithant coffee Friday morning sounds great. I have to meet with corporate bigwigs at lunch 
On the streetcar to work.  Why isn't today Friday?? 
@mistygirlph - hehehe. that was my halloween costume  we only have Friday off. flying to hk
I'm still at work pricing some items, finishing flyers and finalizing plans for the pajama jammie jam next Friday @ tha undaground. 
@studarby Schools are off but I have an assignment on non-fiction writing due in next Friday! 
@mileycyrus your movie isn't out until Friday my dear! no worries, we'll all be seeing that too!! 
@mklopez But just think... ur one day closer to Friday!! I know it still sucks but sometimes playing tricks on ur mind works!! Lol 
@LoriMoreno Friday's great - am walking on sunshine 
@CobrokeNation Thanks for following me Friday!  #followfriday
TWYGs, thanks for making my Friday better 
@heathmacmillan Grats!  You're buying next Friday 
@Jubet  Or Friday afternoon... 
@Becaaax Friday was a little amazing  the man on the train :L couldnt stop laughing x
@matt_underwood made up for Friday's 9th inning fiasco 
Oops, sorry I didn't tweet yesterday. Here's what I did: ate Friday's left-over curry; was happy 'cause I read that HIGNFY was back on 
@guypbenson I was surprised @MKHammer didn't co-host the #hhrs with you Friday. I guess @HughHewitt is too cheap for that.  @Radioblogger
so it's been a while... This weekend has been eventful.Friday I went home to get my moms dog.  I'm dogsitting .. http://tinyurl.com/c8dapp
@TatianaToT i just got done readin' the powerpoint.. i was working on a flyer for a party i'm having Friday.. 
has just been asked to do overtime on Friday  also what is up with joels blonde hair?? lmao he should add a little colour to it maybe pink
My birthday is on Friday!!   
@anniebraun so, is your problem that you're sick, or that you just got home from work at 8:30 on a Friday night? 
ah, Friday was the best. 
@wipierce I thought that became the new Friday tradition?!  
@tommcfly This Friday &lt;3 and I'm excited to buy new merch too 
@JLeighIrl- if u had come to class yesterday or Friday--- u would be sitting pretty now 
is pretty psyched about Friday. 
@coco_ninae Thanks for the follow on Friday... I really should update this more. I update the PurseBlog twitter the most 
@kheyl0g yaaay! aaand i'm excited to go with you guys to the 93.3 concert this Friday! 
@tranced1 yes mate, on Friday 
My copy shipped Friday, if it shows up today, I'll tune in. 
home.Going to be a warm day on top of it. Is it Friday yet?  
@ceemce Home Friday makes me  too!!!
presentations done, project done, 1 exam done, 3 exams to go!!! I turn 21 this Friday! 
wants Friday to come quick! I want my beauty sleep and shopping... 
@FlissTee I think the very late night on Friday just hit me  off to town to meet a friend soon for ice cream and coffee
@heycassadee I can't wait to see yall Friday !!!! I hope I meet u guys!! That would make the night even better 
On the home stretch now, by Friday night I'll be piss drunk and finished my exams! 
Is adding finishing touches to her website...which will be launched on Friday 
@melissajeskie yay! Friday or something? 
Friday to bangkok finally 
@fiercemichi That sounds like what happens to me when I go out on the town on Friday nights! 
Feeling a lot better  can't wait to see what goes down on Friday.
@Footdr69 I know, I have missed you also. I have just been trying to get last school stuff done. It will be all over on Friday.  
Friday tomorrow - our big swear day, turns out it's both big and f***ing clever - can't wait  
its almost Friday my twitterssss!! 
watching Next Friday and eating my favorite kind of ice cream mint chocolate chip 
@frank3d thanks for the tweet to get people to follow on Friday 
@iamkrissy I just saw your follow Friday tweet..thank you for the mention 
Friendly Fires pics from Friday now up at http://tinyurl.com/pk8a72 - woot  (and yes, I've finally sussed this tinyurl thing)
went to digress bar on Friday night, really good fun and a nice easy going bar. nice barmen too 
Realized I got paid on Friday and then decided to spend some of that money! Yay 
I'm working on new shell mermaid , hope to finish her on Friday 
Just finished making an exam. Going to farmers market and then getting a haircut - must spruce up for my interview on Friday 
@dmurawski well don't graduates leave sooner..you guys are way behind compared to us. We graduated last Friday. 
@DavidArchie Aww im glad you're back  haha, I noticed the prices went up when my dad was driving me to school on Friday(:
@vkrol I'm glad that there were no serious injuries from the fall. I fell on the stairs Friday and thought I broke my toe, but didn't 
@MiZz95s I'm a grown man baby lmaoooo I just smoked doe I might call it a night idk yet I been smoking since Friday doe 
Catching up on weekend Tweets. Thanks for the follow Friday by the way @taratomes and  @tobynutter 
F&amp;F testing ended last Friday - now looking ahead at what is to come. 
can't wait for Friday 
@5StarhiphopTS1 before you know it, it'll be Friday again 
@AznDiva I wish they go and play golf everyday   I had a great time on Friday.
@BigHeff My bad 4 the late response I can only update my status from my phone but Friday was cool &amp; yes I performed last nite 
just booked my train home, back from Friday for a bit 
@keitharichall I called the guy back and told him I was still interested and then he called me back said ok. Could have a  job by Friday! 
@problogger so how's it all going, do you have the w/e off? Friday is movie night at ours... kids, popcorn, cosy slippers, life is sweet 
Morning  I shouldn't be here right now but well, it's a sunny Friday! I might as well starting working in a few minutes 
Morning all. Yay it's Friday! 
The office is a happier place on a Friday 
it's Friday and its sunny  
Oh wait my first official follow Friday @zaibatsu very informative and entertaining 
The sun is out, it's Friday and I'm on annual leave next week 
morning tweets... happy Friday  yeahhhh... looking for a great weekend!
ahh Friday how I love thee when you bring me to a long weekend. 
Hey hey it's Friday 
Wait, today is Friday? 
@joanneteh Never mind. What are you doing in Friday afternoon? It's just hard to get motivation for work. 
@AnyColorBlack oh yes! I have that Friday feeling 
Friday again  woohoo
@HAMMER32 Today I love you.  plus its Friday. 
@swannny me me me  How are you this fine Friday morning?
Trying to wake up good morning to all my friends finally Friday 
is enjoying his Friday morning 
got that Friday feeling!     
@SLGneil Friday funtimes started yet? let me know if you need a consultant  for your capers  x
@marcusjroberts Thanks, you too! I'm bound to have a great day - it's Friday and a long weekend!  
Yeay! it's Friday wooo!!! am looking forward to a relaxing/fun weekend 
@ktebailey  My pesky Friday is sitting in the garden all day relaxing, and doing bugger all !!! 
It's Friday!!!! 
@lisabeaney That's a good to start to a Friday 
Friday madness again @ office weheheh 
@adventurewoman assuming you're in the same time zone, i'd say wine was overdue, being a Friday!  enjoy!
good eve manila...headin' the gym then home to hit off to dreamland...enjoy ur Friday night guys... 
@CGSS It's Friday so I'm very happy 
@nitecapp I hear ya. Its madness, and so much hype - - but great way to spend a Friday 
It's Friday! 
It's Friday and haven't had a beer.... guess I will make up for that tomorrow  
Finally Friday!  &lt;*WallAce&gt;
@ohthedecadence It's Friday though-everyone deserves a treat whether hungover or not  Although goodness knows how many calories was in it
Oh this is nice... 6.36pm Friday and I'm still working in office  i 'heart' my life.
it's Friday! 
Friday couldnt have come any slower....But im so glad its here 
Another hommage to Friday  ? http://blip.fm/~6t0y3
yawn... good morning and welcome to forgiveness (and follow  Friday. I forgive her, but not her party. on the cover? http://bit.ly/12v6ks
Is ready to take Friday by storm!!!! 
Almost burned my eye on my curlers...ugh...glad it's Friday! 
Ah Friday, and a bank holiday no less. I have updated my blog dear friends if you would like to see  http://violet-lake.blogspot.com
i would love a cold coffee with lots of ice while watching TV the whole night long! Yay Friday! 
wishes he could stay in bed on such a cool gray Friday morning. ok 5 more minutes... 
Is happy it's Friday,  but would love if it was already 5:00pm !! 
Going to be a great day  Just won another project. Friday always seems to be 'tell the supplier' day.
Todays Friday!  this should be great...
@vasbestkept I'd go with the one to the right, the more vivid colors.......shoot it's Friday 
On my way to the office, great Friday to everyone 
good morning twitterlings  we made it to Friday!! 
hey, look. It's Friday. 
So happy its Friday 
@AmyWinks I need my Friday tweet from the bank. 
@rmilana doing fine, watching some Friday night scifi 
Doing some coding and listening to some brilliant techno, a good Friday 
@MaryWilhite I'm thinking about love, peace and music... wonderful Friday for you dear 
My job is closing early for the holiday weekend, so it should be a great Friday 
loving the fact that it's Friday, it's another beautiful day, and I get to go home and see my parents tonight 
It's finally Friday...and I have a 3 day weekend! 
It is Friday! 
Friday cheers tonight! come and join 
Friday meeting by the soda machine 
@spyderkl *hugs* I'm not real happy it's Friday either. I needed an extra day this week 
it's Friday ,,,, looks like a goodie 
What? It's Friday again!?!? WOOHOOOO!!! 
Gooood morninggg Friday 
btw...good morning everyone! happy Friday! 
It's finally Friday.....T.G.I.F 
At my home!!!!  yeah Friday
gIs excited bc it's Friday and we r gonna partay this weekend!  http://yfrog.com/5faukj
You guys know its Friday right???? 
 Finally Friday!
@angie_seattle A Great Friday and long weekend for you too!! 
@databasejase oooh, you get a nice early finish on a Friday 
smile, it's Friday &amp; a 3 day weekend 
thanks for the shout out!  @TJAbif #followfriday follow Friday
So glad it is Friday looking forward to going to my daughters spring sling and hearing her sing. &lt;3 
@MizzWelch HAve a great Friday to you! take care! 
Friday.... I thought you'd never come around. 3 day weekend bitches! 
@livingwlindsay good idea. Thrifting Friday. 
@AuthenticStyle You have a good Friday to! 
Friday night movies  I don't have pop corn though :/
Yay its Friday 
That's odd, hello_world compiled with no errors or warnings. Must be because it's a happy Friday 
@fighthunger Thanks for the follow Friday! 
music in the morning always makes my day  off to school !woo-hoo its Friday ;b
Oh nice - Friday is at an end and hols are in sight 
@chrisbrogan - you'll be missed on Friday's 
@FeriaSpicePower Thanks for the follow Friday 
It's Friday!!! Tons 2 do today including an important meeting &amp; after that sushi for lunch...have a great one people 
@SIMBASMAMA Friday morning desk attack?  I'll do it if you do! 
Loves white wine on a Friday night 
http://twitpic.com/5ozwx - @Jonasbrothers Finally next Friday  !!
@SNYP919 I'm good - glad it's Friday  can't wait to get off today - I'm going to this seafood feast and I've been waitin 4 this 4ever
Its Friday!!!  school.then campin out with my bestie!!
bored...thank god for a three day weekend. &amp; its Friday  might leave early and hang out with some friends..
So glad it is Friday! 
It's #followfriday so I'm suggesting you follow @tomdringer @robertumpleby and @stevecooperrec - 3 more next Friday 
Friday doubles make the day go by so fast  lets make plans tonight!
Meeting @ 1, meeting @ 3... and then on to Friday. 
#followfriday @hmariee99 because she does the same for me every Friday 
@goatfox It isn't Friday 
@BgirlShorty I should have got the 3lb bag of skittles... my bad I'll see if I can get some in to this Friday's perfomance 
waiting for  payday Friday 
@punkful haha oo nga pala. magalang kasi ang parents mo hehe.  i have around 15 songs to rehearse by Friday. different genres. haha. 
is excited for Friday!!!   I should go to bed now... zzzzzz...
@bisante ehh sorry to hear that... hope you have a better Friday 
Hey tweeties, I know it is not Friday yet, but let's get the party hopping by follow @LeonardoZ! #followfriday 
@Sarahndipitea like, today tomorrow? Friday is ur birthday? 
its Friday!!! 
@kevinkubota thanks for the #followfriday love, and it's not even Friday! 
Wahey, it's Friday......feeling good 
@quiltplay Do you have red felt (either square or bolt) at the shop?  If so, I need to drop by on Friday for an emergency purchase.  
head start, I am actually cheating a bit, only 10pm thur. here lol @gailelaine @cjs_3 Wow, it's Friday already, somewhere  Thanks 
finally! bed time  too bad i have to wake up early for school :/ oh well its Friday anyway ;)
Has a Friday coffee 
I love not having Friday classes 
@MagneticWoman Friday technically started an hour and 1/2 ago here.  I'm not going to be around much in the day so I'm doing them now. 
Friday morning... life is worderful 
Friday afternoon with average tv and tim tams. This is the life 
It's a sunny Friday morning in london - yipee 
Is a beautiful morning here..a good start to Friday 
@Skeecha Or you could leave now, visit the bottle-o and sink one on the way home  C'mon, it's Friday (my excuse for everything today)!
good morning another sunny Friday 
@daisyx Why thank you!   Just trying to make Friday go faster... LOL!
@milehighmommie How was ur date nite? Ours is Friday. 
Friday never fails to bring surprises.... 
mmm i love the smell of Friday's in the morning 
I missed you guys so much...now its time for me to go to bed  I will see you all later enjoy your Friday!
omg it's Friday!  ...*is so informative*
Yay it's Friday already.  3-day weeks rock 
Friday times!  7 days till i turn 21 
What's more it's Friday &amp; i'm finishing work early at 2.30 so i get to enjoy the sun  
The weather is fantastic, it's Friday what else can you ask for 
http://bit.ly/GRe00 via @addthis  I see Friday night's supper! 
It's going to be a great Friday 
It's Friday - Yay! 
@gemmaleak A good sentiment! A happy Friday indeed 
Its Friday, I am working 1/2 day and off to a hen's party tonight...... roll on weekend!! 
@MetaMal beer o'clock is my favourite time on Friday! 
@belle_lulu well good morning... and most definately happy Friday 
Yayyyyy it's Friday! 
damn its late . But today is Friday . Partayyy ! 
Looks like a beautiful day out there! Especially since it's Friday 
Morning all, gorgeous day here today. And its Friday! 
...its Friday! &amp; another relaxing weekend at home is looking mighty goood! 
