Most common words for this cluster:
[('friday', 96), ('saturday', 40), ('thursday', 12), ('work', 10), ('i', 10), ('night', 9), ('sunday', 9), ('morning', 8), ('day', 7), ('today', 6), ('monday', 6), ('weekend', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Friday', 0.9980571269989014), (u'Thursday', 0.9501783847808838), (u'Monday', 0.9423263669013977), (u'Wednesday', 0.9303712248802185), (u'Tuesday', 0.9263258576393127), (u'Saturday', 0.8684311509132385), (u'Sunday', 0.8496208786964417), (u'Thurday', 0.7209693789482117), (u'Wednesay', 0.6960315108299255), (u'afternoon', 0.6875559091567993)]





@jemcam Thursday i am doing nothing. @russbaker is working though  we can still hang out though. what are your Easter plans
Is it Friday yet? Thankfully I have Friday off so maybe I should ask if it's Thursday yet? And the answer, unfortunately, is still no 
This is what happens when people ditch out on our &quot;woohoo Friday night!&quot; Fridays. 
@ant2ny law student study on Friday night, as well as Saturdays and Sundays.  I feel for you, love.
@BIGLP Yeah it sucks a lot.  It's not my weekend...mine is Thursday and Friday.  
@ work...of course! This is how I spend my Friday &amp; Saturday nights... 
@GoCJones  the studio equip is in the shop now. Won't be back up til Friday. How's ya Friday/Saturday looking?
Still finding myself thinking it's a normal Friday, or at least Saturday. The shop is messing with my head! If only it was paid work 
@Princess_lyne - she got into a scooter accident on Friday, she hung on for 2 more days and died on Sunday 
@andrew1913 Saturday I'm chillin probs do some photoshopping... Sunday working  I jus realized it's Thursday and not Friday woop! 
I hope it stops raining. Or it atleast doesn't rain on Friday and Saturday 
got back from dentist. got to go again tomorrow and Friday.  oh well, I get to miss my Design test on Friday! 
Friday Friday Friday... never mind I have to work on Saturday 
Friday's my favorite day! except on the rare occasion that I have to work on Saturday. Like tomorrow. 
Well I'm happy it's Friday but life still suck even on happy Friday 
Wow running into work super late.. Need to remember that today is Friday not Saturday 
Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park 
Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park  http://tinyurl.com/ns2l55
It's Friday... But its only Friday morning. Ugh. 
Friday night and still working...oh wait..it's Saturday morning already 
Friday night is never as fun as it should be when you have work on Saturday morning 
@ultramegaman I've never done a Friday digest... today is an anomaly, usually my schedule on Fridays doesn't leave time for it. 
Now every Saturday till 8/4 for work.  sucks. And no Friday or Monday off for July 4th either.
Friday nights are so boring when the boyfriend is working late and then I have to work at 7:30 on Saturday mornings 
Gearing up for a tainted love filled Friday!  ... and home in time for a barbri filled Satruday 
Working on a Saturday. Bad time management Monday thru Friday 
Feel like crying. All the work I did on Thursday and Friday has to be redone 
@kittie86 Ah yes! You go soon don't you?  Well, Thursday late arvo, Friday, Sunday. I forget when you leave :S hehe
@jasminekpk LOL  I nearly forgot about this Friday.I wanna join BUT I have Bio class on Friday and I just realized it today.hmmph 
Just looked at the updated weather forecast - Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday consist of ALL RAIN 
i cant decide if I should fly into KC Friday or Saturday ...welp 
Weekday stress replaced by Friday evening stress..... 
boo for working Friday night and Saturday morning. 
Yay closing Friday nights, opening/double on Saturday. 
Friday was the worst ever Saturday which iz today seems like its gonna be the 2nd worst imma need a drink before the day iz out 
@Kbrownx saaaame! Was so used to getting to see everyone everyday and after Friday &amp; Saturday made me miss it more 
My luggage came Friday afternoon, Lance Saturday afternoon, awesome trip! Comeing home today 
My semi-vacation is over, back to real life.  Friday, Sunday and Monday were great. Saturday not so much, but 3 out of 4 days isn't bad.
@santaamy I work Wednseday and Friday morning. But not long enough for a lunch break 
@rainyrane I leave Friday and I'll be back Sunday. I wish I could stay longer but I just got this job so I can't be taking off like that. 
Sore mouth  ut is only Wednesday and feels like it should be Friday. Kayakking on Saturday with my sisters for fathers day, can't wait
@Meredith_joy dont kill me but its my friends birthday Friday. i thought we were gettin together Saturday but its not 
&quot;Grandpa's funeral is on Friday not Thursday; still sad  
I really hate being sick  I have soo much to do tomorrow Friday and Saturday! Frick. I just want to sleep all day...
@angelayee lol nah I get in Friday and go straight to work. Saturday I work too 
@Yonodactyl no not Friday  I'm going to Disney how's Saturday
@totalrapture I know my mom is going to take me to see it like on Friday or Saturday. And they have it in 3D but you have to pay $3 extra 
@BoudoirSexToys I have that Friday feeling now but when I woke up earlier, I thought it was Saturday  Depressing! LOL!
sitting @home and waiting for Friday to go Saturday... I will not see her for 50 hours.. 
is glad it's Friday!  Trying to finish 2.5 pages of my 12 page flyer today... Friday = not wanting to work 
I am so tired.. terrible week. So glad it's Friday. Shame the logical conclusion to Sunday night is next week 
@Sunday28 http://tinyurl.com/brokefoot2 is the last shot of mine  I need to get another xray next Friday.. I hope it looks better..
sittin at Alltel...what could be worse on a Friday night 
@cooterdonnie I wish I worked Friday so I could have Saturday or Monday off  F'ing nutmeg.
Saturday morning obligation means a shortened Friday night with the guys 
Friday: up @ 6:30am, finally slept Saturday @ 7am. Woke up @ 2, &amp; no partying to xplain it, back on the grind!! 
Just realized I left my favorite Biggby travel mug at work Friday....Monday mornin' drive w/o coffee....bummer 
@chrissyvogel I la la love that! yay! When are you headed up? I work thursday and Friday and half day in the morning Saturday  But still!
@megoon I'll be @SK tonight Thursday Friday Saturday. Ugh  what are you up to this weekend?
@RentWiki In my room, tweaking my presentation for Friday. I never get to play at NAA.  But I AM going to dinner on Friday w/you all
@bethrenaldi Sunday's game. Had a tix to Friday's game too but sold it b/c didn't realize it was during work hrs. 
@sherryvanstone I hate to tell you this but it's not TGIF yet    Thursday is one day closer to Friday and Friday is one day closer to  ...
Thursday's mean staff meeting  ...Wishing it was Friday
@eddieizzard You wouldn't happen to still be in NYC doing gigs on Friday or Saturday next week? 
@RealRobBrydon can't wait for Friday.. I'm coming to see the recording! do you know who Friday's guests are yet? looking forward to it 
@cicilseashell This coming Friday, April 24 
what a weekend Friday night was fun as hell, an Saturday it just went downhill I hope nxt weekend everythin will be str8 
@noreaga can we extend that to Thursday and only work on Fridays...and still get paid the same.. 
@ravegave I've camp orientation on Saturday so Friday's good. 
@lecombat - thanks for the Friday Following recommendation 
@technotrotter Tuesday as well? But when you are back at work on Friday, I'll be starting a week's holiday 
Getting ready for the weekend!! Girls night in tonight then party on Saturday. I'm so glad it's Friday 
Morning Tweeps  yay Friday, although everyday is a Friday right? ;)
 Friday Friday Friday I love Friday's and it's a Smilin Hawaiin Friday 
Friday! Friday! Friday! It's finally here! 
Is it Friday already? Yes it is...let's hope I'll have time to send you some #followfriday love from work  Good morning.: Is it Friday ..
Really looking forward to Friday and Saturday night.  
ok...my creative side is starting to work...and in a speed of light, Friday will be Saturday in a matter of hours...wooooot 
