Most common words for this cluster:
[('friday', 502), ('saturday', 374), ('night', 223), ('nite', 157), ('thursday', 130), ('tuesday', 126), ('wednesday', 90), ('monday', 90), ('tomorrow', 70), ('weekend', 53), ('u', 49), ('today', 47)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'friday', 0.8558329939842224), (u'saturday', 0.8517523407936096), (u'sunday', 0.8132025003433228), (u'monday', 0.8021029829978943), (u'thursday', 0.7929515242576599), (u'tuesday', 0.7858989834785461), (u'nite', 0.7169921398162842), (u'tonite', 0.7111220955848694), (u'wednesday', 0.7105414271354675), (u'im_gonna', 0.709008514881134)]





@GuruMN but this is canada  canada is weird. we're supposed to get snow through wednesday. ugh.
@robertfperez ugh of course not  Just thursday and friday..sat I have both kids
@rach2718 oh no that sucks  mike has to work saturday and monday... andrews got from friday till wednesday off the bugger lol
no missing 17 again on thursday is the worst 
@xissyx we can't go to robina, all the shops will be closed because its good friday 
@JasonArnopp our memberships had expired and to renew them we have to do a new induction which can't happen til next tuesday 
gotta calm the weekends down monday blues carrying on into tuesday 
why is it so cold in the morning in april in houston 
it's snowing.. in april. ugh, sometimes i hate pittsburgh. i miss la  
~yay~ going to plastic on thursday 
@bondsbustyblond how's your tuesday? i have work and the #il05 election. 
just woke up. so tired. class at 8am. ugh. hate tuesday and thursday 
it's april, it shouldn't be snowing anymore 
ive been in the bed since saturday.... and its tuesday 
@wisekensai it's snowing?? gosh. i don't like snow in april 
can't believe that i have to wake up so early on a saturday!! wtf! 
Working on a saturday is definitely not fun 
canucks won! sweet! it's a friday night and i'm ready for bed. i'm super lame.  nite nite.
i hate coming to work on saturday 
working on saturday, 
finally @ home...lecture on saturdays should be banned 
@Wardere work! boo  party tonight tho you live in canada! you should come down to florida 
i hate working on saturday's 
saturday night *-* em casa rs 
#asot400 no daniel kandi tonight...  he did not make it
@notatard on a saturday?  
@ifoundwonder sigh i need to talk to you about friday 
had a blast in austin with katie, six and ashley! back in dallas for one more night of texas. tomorrow it's back to pa 
It's our night in san diego.. 
It's our last night in san diego.. 
@JansportJ cant  its saturday night so ppl keep coming up to the damn desk
Off to work now and last day of the easter holidays so back to college aswell tommorow 
i want to go to america  like this saturday
back to aust on tuesday, back to school on thursday 
@MsClementine I wanted to say sorry about friday and i hope i didnt get you into trouble 
back in hell  school starts tmrw!  and is still sick and sleepy from friday night! pffffffffft lifes a bitch -.-
what is this i haven't been on since september and don't know how to work it 
@tommcfly i missed it last night  is it good ? and is it on the tv atm ?
soooo tired and still have shitty cw to do  off for a cuppa, chinese tonight?
sunday 19th april, 6pm. word count: 0/1500 
drinkin sbux &amp; enjoying whats left of sunday morning with funny youtube videos before @braxtonmedia has to go to the office 
no tat  gotta wait till tuesday. this weekend went by waaaay too fast.
exams? check. picnic in the park? check. movie night with john? check. great saturday. very sad that it's sunday, cloudy and john-less. 
Wish the weekend were longer  vegas for work wed-fri
Tired and have to wk tmrw 
back @ work... ugh.. I hate mondays 
@LeMadisen hows coachella madisen! i wish i could of at least gone on friday the presets and chemical bros 
I don't like mondays 
AWAAAKE! lol im still tired though from staying up all night saturday  haha
I think i'm allergic to mondays. 
I hate rainy mondays 
Seriously hates mondays 
I miss my reza too much, wont meet him until saturday aaaargh 
grrr, why couldnt henry be at school today, sooooo booorrreeedd and want to go out. 
says she's not going this fun-wednesday  http://plurk.com/p/p6eno
@nicksantino i didn't meet you saturday 
working hard... wishing it was friday already  
hud ma dinner just before ah goat picked up fur the 5s last night, wis wan step behind evrybdy the whole nite... no daein that again 
ugh, i wish today was friday! but no, its only tuesday 
going home to sydney on friday . . . i miss my puppy 
bed for now...studying my saturday away 
is friday night nd im stuck at home.... 
is wishing that is was october 
@smply51 no jacob is most likely just meeting them halfway again the following sunday..but i'll have finals that monday so i cant go 
exhausted after basically wasting a perfectly decent friday 
boo..at the pi house watching movies  kinda lame friday night
At first friday alone. 
missed franky friday 
typical friday night- grants tortures gus... gus leaves in a &quot;blaze of glory.&quot; i'm gonna miss nights like these 
working on saturday... eeeek 
dangit i missed follow friday 
@jawannsample . . .  .lol yall shoulda did it tomorrow lol I thought it was on saturday 
@catesong i'll miss him next tuesday! 
had a wonderful duvet &amp; dvd night! just sad tht it's all over 
boring saturday ngiht 
working on saturday 
working on a beautiful saturday 
I cant believe saturday's gonna be over.. I wasted friday and saturday doing no revision shit 
but right now i have to prepare to study for my  machine  midterm  on tuesday 
is awake early on saturday   unfortunately due to work 
@ school on a saturday...ughh so much studying....@salmaali patiently waiting for u to join me 
@youngwonder damn sry I left u hanging lastnight LOL I tried to stay up with u but I  couldn't hang 
so fracking bored. and why does it have to be on a nice saturday 
@cwtchesandchaos still very sick.If I wouldn't have2 prepare a presentation 4 tuesday then I'd have stayed in bed,cant concentrate at all 
@Michellereyn think i'm going to miss nin ja.  atlanta is days away and the charlotte show is just 4 days after i see decemberists in atl.
Hungover at wk on a saturday! How laaaaame! 
Spending my saturday at best buy.  not happy
sup yall hanks party is resculed to friday 
@burnhipsterburn haha. You make me laugh. I'm djing thurs, but I'm sure you prob won't be near bmore. 
me and joe drove 3 hours randomly to make a suprise visit  to lars...but he wasnt there  oh well danny and steve were completely suprised
@jarilyn_ashley I was trying to red eye down there yesterday... no sucess 
Morning all gr8 nite out rough this morning could be worse I could be ricky hatton 
@snobscrilla can u pls let me know when u know ? there was a sneaker freaker thing friday nite but missed out... had to work 
@akadominic I agree... I'm home on a saturday night doing hw... 
@kate38381849 tommorow's school  hehe. and wow, what did you do today? 
@WhitneyDav can't sleep so i am twittering haha! fosters sounds great but i won't be here wed.  tues??
@beachNZ need to sleep again for wrk 2nite 
I so gotta search a new wii game again, too bad it's sunday 
late night, no sleep, coldd. now i feeel unwellll  thank u saturday nite
oooh just finished lunch.. ended up to be a sake fest.. bring on monday 
going on camp until friday how lovely! i won't tweet until then 
@JonasBandMusic nd saturday. It went to sleep because my arm was hurtin and typin made it hurt more 
@AyeUpLaura omg i remeber when i use 2 go out every friday and saturday and drink in feild with m8s, but dont no more  i missing out haha
is hella effin' tired this morning.......staying up 2 extra hrs took alot outta me 
friday &amp; saturday sleepovers - fun (: school tomorrow - not fun 
gud evening, well, pacquiao won.tko round 2 only..bad for hatton 
@bonesrecordz pretty good. still in pain 4rm thursday's doctor visit.. 
@missnisey not til nxt saturday 
says hmm ., I can't think of a nice venue for tomorrow's occasion ...  http://plurk.com/p/rk6ob
im bored  i cant wait til saturday. friday we will be buzzin cos we'll have tix for jb DDDD
I don't normally work on sunday but with jen out of commision and with this big decision with work gotta do some today 
sad i have skool 2morrow 
thinkin bout friday (the dance) upset bout it.... 
@yinkae yah man panicpanicpanic. i have 2 more papers to go lar. thurs and fri. how sad 
@paulatokar I work 2 to close tues 
@ninjew u never returned my txt on friday  u jewed me 
is back in mississippi and heading to bed...gotta go to work tomorrow 
Is missing death cab tonight bc i have a final tmrw 
@aluinnsearlait it was really bad on friday 
@ktinaaa lol well i have a final on tuesday too 
ugh, i'm crabby  good nite.
@_aye i can't believe we just hung out on friday!! it's already monday again 
need to buy a yellow t-shirt for team building on saturday.  http://plurk.com/p/roz3c
@shannonminion i heart YOU.  i miss youuuuuuu  &amp; i don't know if i can make it to tara's on friday. boooo
_ is going to bed its 2:22 in the morning and I have to get up at 5 grr skool 
back holiday monday&amp;its pouring rain  oh ireland is a gr8 country
last show with dr manhattan tonight   fubar on st. louis.  be there
@Fearnecotton unfortunatly fearne I have an exam on saturday-I know a saturday  - so I am spending my bank holiday monday in the library
@Zaraa_x woo. science sats exam on friday 
How is it monday already? I hate mondays 
its only monday but i already wish it was friday. 
@mizzannabel bad news time tho..... so i got an exam on friday and one on monday which means i cant come home this weekend.  sooo sorry xx
loathe mondays. 
is saying @cwthegame I wish iot was on like mon or tue. I do a lot of traveling on fri 
My graduation is next saturday and she's worried it won't heal by then. 
Thinking abt that fye chinese food I had yesterday as I go 2 late night 
@BreeOlson9 awwww i feel sooooo bad it went so bad tonite for you 
hey megavideo, you should work.  i wanna watch sixfeetunder!  sweet saturday. @rjlindquist, i'm only about to finish season one.  
fuck its a boring saturday.. 
I've spent too much money on drinks tonite and my feet are killing me from going to Lovelast nite  I wouldn't call this a good nite out
@petewentz the show in chicago was amazingggg i fly back to la in 5 hours 
had a tiring friday and saturday... still needs to read tlotf ch 1-3 w/ h&amp;a 
@souljaboytellem ain't even qoinq to qo check u out....u wouldn't shout me last nite.  still love u doe!
101 fever  saturday may 9th you suck.
wow i havent been online this late in months...sucky saturday nite 
@maddieprior so far so good, its only her 2nd lot of wednesday so its still fairly new to us...her hair started to come out friday tho 
Oh no! adrian zmed is apart of my late night lolzaaa, he's going to die  just like b.arthur D:
cannot believe wot happened last nite 
1st saturday nite i hvnt went out in months...feel better 4 it this mornin...got work at 3  gawh roll on the summer...
found out last nite i hafta work a dble today  dont ever put off homewrk for snday nite. managers mite surprise u with an extra shift.
rains gone  i need some1 2 help me find my way around st andrews wednesday 
Has just watched the manchester united vs manchester city game and doesnt like the results 
@isaksson_joe got jemputan over thr. duno who also. leaving on 29th's night. i don't wanna go cuz so leceh. 
Revising for gcse's on tuesday    some one cheer me up
RE on tuesday o Whyy 
@justaredherring i have permissio to leave only on tuesday 
@andyvengence i know, its lame  you should come on friday too, zack who went to mcs with me is coming up
going to sleep. i can't wait up anymore. i definately messed up saturday night. whatever  angiiebop itd be nice if you answered my text..
look at this, another weekend gone already  ughhhh tomorrows monday...wake me up when its friday lol nite every1! ily ash xoxo &lt;3
@kathryntft ahhh man, THAT SUCKS!  but alright, we should plan then  you seeing mga on thursday?
oh no!!! tomorrow is monday...  #fb
i miss my daddy  but he should be home by wednesday!
hrmm how to dress like a monster, 3 yr old monster stomp party this sunday at 9am, 9am! way to kill my saturday night 
@Stashanae why didn't you come on saturday?! 
I already miss the cast. I wont see them til thursday 
cant wait for tuesday to end 
you called me a jerk and you hit me too. u kicked me like on friday 
@sidv v leavin 2dy evening 
But I don't want to well mighty night for realz oh an I have to get up early tommorow 
sad to loose someone special on friday to a mean state we call florida 
doesnt knw wht to do today....because of the electricity cut in pune fr da whle day.. 
just spent 74dollars at kmart for shit on saturday 
i DONT want to wait till next wednesday to hear the floorwalkers live again. could see them saturday @ skullys. but im busy  you go!!
tummy ain't too friendly today  angin...angin... must be from all the laughin last nite:p
@abctwity dancing is going very well, but next friday will be my last lesson 
why isnt it friday yet? 
@carriebeth I'll be working late friday night  who knows we'll have to sort somet.
keeps thinking it's friday! 
waaahhh, i'll miss watching p&amp;f this saturday! i'll be at cabuyao for the teambuilding 
@meln4 I know twitter was messed up last nite 
@Teppotastic yep, tis thursday, and i have only just woken up...splitting headache though 
@wirepatch I think there was a big powercut over easter, so they must've defrosted and then refrozen 
@missbrandii sry...still thursday... 
@tequedasotevas aw I'm booked for saturday already  but I'll let you know.
lame saturday nite  passing out sooon!
@mistygirlph  hey I am still on saturday here. no waffles for me 
my last night in chicago will be spent with a cute boy from wisconsin. the only thing left is my matress. i miss alexis already 
@sirwallstreet this is not convenient nite 
Watching me some saturday night live after today i gotta record it cause i gotta be at work at 5 sundays 
is already dreading going back to work on tuesday 
i dont remember if i said this before but last weekend my highschool bac home in pa had their prom and sadly i want there 4 it 
@core_APPLER I kno  I'm sad. It will come back next friday when I'm in vegas.
is sat watching tv....but i want to go starbucks for a frapp...mmmmm,have to wait til tomorrow now 
fuuck. i only just figured out its sundayy, thought it was saturday(N) not good school tommorrow 
eurovision was good last night..shame greece came 7th 
i just realised its not out til thursday 
i'm so mad that i'm train to wake up for 5:45 am. it's still the weekend.  oh well. imma think about last nite. it was the BEST ever! &lt;3
@sugarghc I'm finishing up my hw... Bdw how did it go last night?? I read u had a headache!  u ok now??
theres nothing on tv on sunday night. i'm bored  oh... eurovision is still on. i'll watch the end of that
really want to keep knitting otto bear but can't until i get some stuffing - which won't be until friday 
@chewthefat probably not going to get my mix to you by wednesday 
@roxiijonas yeahh i noee, well boring, samee, got gcs english on tuesday :|    gooood luckk (yn)
O dear U16 starts on tuesday ... Inot exactly looking forward to it 
maths gcse tomorrow 1hr 10mins.... tuesday - eng lit 2hrs 30mins... wednesday - biology 45mins... lucky me 
theatre auditions tonight. i have no voice and no song. i wish i were back in virginia.  can it be friday yet?
@samkillip spaaaaaaaaaaaam! i still haven't started my essay  i dont know what to do  im scared for tuesday
bangalore has to get past the deccan team on 21st or tuesday agst the daredevils (unlikely  ) #ipl #superbowl
getting a nose ring on friday! YAY. done with school by tuesday! YAY. should work on my last project due tuesday! ...not YAY 
@V_O_D yeah turns out its thursday 
is trying to finish the final thesis. this nite. 
ooooooooooh, I wish i wasn't going to fail on tuesday. 
damn, the friday spooky combos workshop is all booked out, already 
@kirikosage @amrty01 no gis club tomorrow.  sorry, pls tell drew I will be in class weds,thurs,&amp; fri.
@LittleYellowJen ily you toooo! my boss was just mean to me then  i need friday off to go to a funeral and i dont think she believes me 
i hate mondays   
i wish it was friday... now 
@ameym21 omg my brother said that he's going out on friday night so I can't come to the movies 
art assignment is making me mentall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i hate tuesdays but wenesdays are no better but nethier are thursdays. i miss emily 
Seriously considerin stayin in london an xtra day &amp;seein beyonce the night after britney/ciara...!! :/ i hate xams!!  ..Sxxx
@stefffanie_su can't go on wednesday  i have a meeting with ms. tan 
i want it to be thursday already 
I love mondays... it's only that they don't like me 
I don't wanna get out of bed! I hate mondays.mm.why can't it be friday again? 
its tuesday in here,  n no goodmorning for me 
jeez don't get payed till friday. have no money. can't go see mr. cocker in resident today 
@wearecapulet i hate when you arent there on mondays 
@RichGurlDeedz lol I meant to write tues, pak tues da day b4. Listeennnn its erlyyy 4 my brain 2 function proeperly. 
In september , I will die   
Is depressed so want to go to the eminem concert tommorrow 
I'm moving into the library today untill friday 
you know what i think about mondays.... 
need to revise both english and ict for tommorow 
@sofdlovesbsb i wish i had gone  wouldnt it have been amazing if the new album would have been ready for tomorrow? lol 10 yr anni! lol
@StephenMulhern not good !!  gunna be well bored on a saturday night without it !
Wow...so im definitely locked out my apt. and homeless 2nite. This is definitely NOT a good nite. catch me the library i guess... 
@davederoo  no, we were in irvine last night. wanted to do santa barabra too but sadly it wasn't in the cards. 
Just realised I missed lady gaga on nova this morning... devo 
@akennedy23 june can't come soon enough   insufficient
really irritated. i swore i got my @dragon_con room reservation thurs-mon... but it says fri to mon. damn it! no con rate left thurs. 
in a delicious friday, working while sweating... 
is having another crap friday nite at home 
saturday daytime fever 
@psam i totally hate fridays for that!!! that reminds me, mine is pending too! 
Just found out I'm going upstate saturday 
m unable to see animax till tuesday....  *sniff* [-(
traffic jam in this jakarta's evening... ahhhh 
@ilooklikemrjol won't probably find out until tuesday now 
@bubblegarm i am in london next wednesday not friday   i wish i could have met you!! how are you feeling??
car wont be ready till tuesday or wednesday! 
muddi gra got cancelled  staying in orlando for the weekend
@SvM216  ugggh not gonna make. midwest polo championships in dayton! thats why i was pushing monday!
woke up thinking it was saturday, then realized I had to work 
@adaliax NUGGETS HAUHAUHAU cause it's friday  i wasnt supposed to start friday like this haha *drama queen*
@jlkroll f ww.... you're in europe.. i have no plans this weekend and you aren't around  when you coming back? how is it?
don't you go unfollow me on #follow friday 
i am devastated, no more waking up in the morning and putting our uniform on  GATEACRE 04-09! (L) and thanks to anthony for signing my ass
and when i said no internets till thurs...i ment next thurs 
Memorial weekend ny or ac? It spose to rain 
can't beleive it - ill on a friday  at least i'm not the only one  @louiseeexo
@kaaatt and i missed thirsty thursday 
@serena_eliza it is friday!  also, ew allergies.  i'm sorry.
greeeeaaat.... now I'm losing my voice  going to be one helluva friday.
@rachdro bitch. i dont get paid til next thursday 
facebook is broke on me, i feel so unbelievably sick, why do my friday nights always get rewiind! 
Just doesn't feel right withou my morning starbucks 
going to the place to be in salinas on a tuesday. applebees 
i can't believe i have a test thursday AND friday in biology, ugh. 
@azzmonkey still thinking about it... i have until monday to decide... its a nice pay raise.. iono man...  my fam
Thinking how boring friday will b  ;)
SIIIGH im ment to b going out 2morrow to a few florists to try and get a traineeship but its raining so much 
@queenx16 friday imma have more work than tomorrow and thursday and I do miss its quite I love it there 
@saute can't wait to dance with connie on saturday! too bad @itsatiffany can't be there 
gahh, today was such a horrible tuesday. the first one without adam. 
#eve online, got a vizan ankonin tag last nite  that was all that dropped
last session! its s&amp;e. i hate it.  and i im sicksicksick! and we have mr. mallick!! arghh!
late night with jay leno last tomorrow is the last one 
@marykalfieri i miss friday lunches too 
@socilover oh my... i haven't seen tonight's msnbc goodies yet.  i feel SO deprived.  i'll have to catch that.  i missed tuesday as well. 
@tommcfly you met the fans on wednesday at hilton's bar. meet us! haha  i know you tired but we spent lost of money here just to see you 
@tommcfly you met the fans on wednesday at hilton's bar. meet us! haha i know you tired but we spent lost of money here just to see you 
@tommcfly you met the fans on wednesday at hilton's bar. meet us! haha i know you tired but we spent lost of money here just to see you 
My ego is leaving me tuesday 
gone to bed. tg tomorrow is fri, up in 5 hrs 
i miss my boo.. i got him sick  happy birthday sissy &lt;3 i'm going to fat e's tomorrow night because they're closing saturday :'(
@RachelLock22 ohh thursday i have exams.. all day  what about wednesday ?
bummed i didnt get to see manchester orchestra bc it was sold out, i spent all night buying tv shows on itunes  lame
forecast in sf for friday, may 29: 66 degrees. 
@mrspaulkjonas No, havent heard anything about the show   It hasnt been on on saturday nights, but there are the occasional sunday reruns.
it doesn't feel like a friday 
http://twitpic.com/61ov1 - @martinhiggins  i ahte stress, its supposed to be friday! it makes me wanna cry 
Awww sunthings wrong w/ my ubertwitter last nite. 
sourish limbs is preventing me from gg out on a friday. not happy. i haven't been on at 12am for a v long time...even more so on a fri 
im at home....on a friday night.  but it's all good!
meditating on my plans for the weekend...gotta work saturday... 
@mattydavidson noo  i only started 4th season on wednesday but im on ep11 (Y)
Yay, it's friday and boo i'm so broke i have no dosh 
@KimmyGotSoul aw damn. ok i got you for tuesday on that. i gotta write a short post for today tho 
@Jaggerwerks nooooooooo....u never call me anymore  lol...but, i've been good too...rick ross is in town, might go 2 his show 2nite ;-)
id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
all these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular 
Working 12 hours saturday and sunday  atleast i'll have my phone to keep me company..
so now i dont get my car back til monday. boooo 
what the hell is follow friday?? don't get it 
@MinaScope there is always traffic heading back here to long island on fridays.  
thers not many peole tweeting tonight... well suppose it is friday...evry normal person is out partyin, but im skint 
@karyva  i want alexis bledel back on screen every thursday night
Ugh boring friday 
@ltyson yay asap lol awwh I miss our friday night happy hours even luna del sea and the &quot;boy&quot; hahahaha 
yay! boxing!! although after the boxing, sparring &amp; eating, have to spend the rest of the evening troubleshooting java code for hw. 
theres nothing worse than working on a friday night and having to wake up at 6 am on a saturday. I want my babe 
missing friday night adventures in nyc 
Hahahha i dont think ive been on any follow friday shit 
just got back to eric's house from gtown. Its friday night and im bored 
I have LOADS of hw this weekend 
aw atl arent playing on monday 
fresh prince marathon+ crampz+ laptop=my friday nite 
@Canageek my fridays are always for hanging out though... 
In vancouver waiting for the ferry getting the 9 oclock i hate waiting 
it's a rainy saturday.. so disappointed bout it.. 
This feels lik its goin to be a long night 
@killaam  nothing trying to get ready for my saturday class  what r u doin
at mr . v's for dinner , and eddie isnt working tonite 
Getting ready for bed ... Working toMorrow  nite y'all!!
i'm leaving my fingerprints on you.. in rehab i can't drink  i'm getting better next friday i'm going to drink  but now i'm chillin out
My favorite local dive bar that has live singers every other friday... isnt having them tonight. I really wanted to go to.   
should have graduated with my class in kenya on thursday 
@ilustfashion awww maaan i wish i could come  i'll be home pa tuesday
@dmertl: aw crap, forgot its friday  no passes on fridays nm
I feel sooo sick!  days off. saturday- friday  without internet
Ahhh mann I missed follow friday! 
@CuteNessa I can't find ne  I just toll a tylenol night hope it kicks in soon!!
workin on a saturday..not cool at all! 
@DJKCRAY yeah I guess though fri nights have always been so vegas local friendly - not anymore 
Is SO missed follow friday 
@kishorcariappa heard tht some dude drove over n banged the car, thursday night drunk drive 
d/l-ing the unborn, friday the 13th and the uninvited. can't find a friendly site to d/l the indonesian horror movies 
2night sucked...sumone needz 2 cum over and make me feel better...plz 
gah, I forgot that it's saturday and the majority of my webcomics do not update over the weekend 
its a boring saturday! i want to go shopping 
@DEELAMI ..noooo! im levain 9ja on tuesday!! AWWW!! i knew we shuld have planned this properly!! 
bbq last nite when we got there there was nout left 
rainy saturday. 
@mariedancerr next thursday :/ idk if i will stay up but i REALLY WANT TO . but ill probs get caught 
working on a saturday 
Its saturday and i'm working   i'm sad because it makes me miss julie.
cant sleeep :I hmm in a few hours six flagss wooot  and tomorrow mexico 
Driving alone on a saturday night..gettin kinda lonely hffff.wish u were here bo 
in @ uni on a saturday night 
Working it up this beautiful saturday 
saturday night always makes me boring..... 
@OllyMarie i hate saturday shifts 
@xdreamwideawake sorry!  i literally had dinner and went right to bed.  that's how exciting my friday was.  
is awake too early for a saturday 
@DinaAIE  sorry your saturday is not shaping up to be the best
working       On saturday ---- ok  - not really since i'm on here
no shopping    wednesday though (yn)
oh man i have an exam on monday, tuesday oh and on wednesday urghhhh 
another boring saturday night  need a new/my old life back, midding melbourne
working on a saturday 
my first saturday off and i have noting to do 
its too late now so when I go back on tomorrow ima have ro watch it from he start again 
Having a huge nicotine fit til monday. 
Hey hey....what a saturday. I'm going to work. 
@thebonstergirl why aren't you online? why are you out having a lovely saturday when i FINALLY am on and actually could talk to you?  haha
@bowwow614 i went to bed last night hopin to wake up to ur new vid and is not here!  
Its saturday and i am working 
tuesday seems so far away 
Sure wish I felt better on this beautiful saturday 
ahhh good morning :/ i hv alot to do b4 rk and plus studying !!!  uhh
hmmm not entirely sure what i want to do with my saturday... not feeling 100% and i didnt even drink much last night  
Working on a saturday 
working on a saturday... 
hung over  now my saturday is killed uuuuugh
boring &amp; rainy saturday 
wasting my saturday washing/cleaning 
on a serious note don't know where my boyfriend is or if we are even still together...  i haven't heard from him since last friday!!!! 
Whats up to all my twitters i was trying to figure out why saturday morning cartoons suck 
@GangStarrGirl U too?  well we were supposed to hear back friday right?
@DonDivaStatus24 couldn't find shiit to wear for friday  soo madd...
i actually slept more than 2 hrs last nite . . . thank gawd. now, getting ready and heading off to work again 
@jamespenycate how's it going? fabulously i hope. alas was out last nite so havent made it to brighton  LawFail
leaving north carolina tomorrow for florida. a little sad about it. 
it's starting to look like this is my saturday night innit really  fucking brilliant
@dinoche you should be in clichy man! i miss you  wednesday breakfast, woop woop!
is bored on another beautiful saturday 
boring saturday nite cleaning because i have no dollars. i really need a job. 
@RLAtk yeah exactly and I have to do this and two other assesments for friday and then the english speech  booo it sucks
@crystalgo not a good night for cleveland - i did want to see a game 7 tho 
got a massive cramp in my leg friday, its now sunday and it still herts 
@JayLink_ it has not been playin nice 2nite 4 sure!!  
going to sleep now gotta meeting tommorrow 
Another beautiful saturday wasted away working 
working away on a saturday nite 
going to bed, gotta wake up early. last night colorado 
@LeeannJKPark mian jaefoo  u knw i will if i can,but cant 2nite.
@jordanknight this is sad, its saturday night and i'm playin guess who???  So sad   lol. &lt;ChinaLatina&gt;
brisbane was a blast friday night,5 dj's rocking the final pharmacy @ family,,now recorvering from flu which caught in the club 
goin to bedddy then studying for finals all day tomo  booo
bad cyber nite twiiter acted up and then internet went down 
@HAMMER32 i think bcos it ruined my hair on friday nite, iv been distraught by the rain all weekend 
i miss joshuaa soooooo much  i havent seen him since school let out  and hes in tennessee till thursday :/ shucks
@mafilsboss hahah yessss!! i was suppose to be in cali today  buttt we didn't have time to come back here by monday.
what is there to do in tucson arizona on a saturday night?...... NOTHING 
Ugghh I can't believe that I have to take saturday classes 
At the jay sean concert. Its 2 hrs behind schedule &amp; I'm hungry 
missed ashlee at paramount on thursday 
veggin' out!  this was an un-relaxing saturday.  
@gabanti nope, I'm not taking friday off 
well...steven was gonna spend the night. looks like i will be sleeping alone...again   #jtv http://justin.tv/mces15
Last week of schooL!!!!!!!!  am i out on thursday or friday??! i am sad too though  wahhh but happy! and excited wooh gv
@SHUNWILSON i luvv family guy dmn i missed fuckingdave chappelle 2nite damit i'm really mad some1 cheer me up 
gotta get up at 3.30 am on tuesday morning to watch the microsoft keynote  well it has to be done! cant wait
@uhohcaitie jst so u knw we rnt playing on fri  we are only playing the tues show
@lina_luka  yeah we should!! I think I sleep too much yesterday afternoon..or I'm just getting old 
Is in newport for my bros bday but headed back to work tomorrow 
stupid waste of a saturday 
@JessicaBedford i miss ryland and alicia  i saw him working on friday, were going to have to visit them
Diet dr malibu is a lifesaver. Not ready for monday 
@NanaRaine my stomach decided it wasnt happy with me last night  I went to the docs friday b4 last having a blood test 10th june
@chienalee may lakad ako ng friday  thursday?
@hardtosayone no. looking forward to thursday dreading friday. 
ehh half yearlys tuesday.... failerr 
Slayed Deericorn  - also need to find somewhere to go on friday night with tori and saman! any suggestions??
@bradhfh why isnt hfh playing at the friday atl show  mary jane kelly is gay. you 2 should swap nights lols
had a great friday ok saturday and its turning out to be a shitty sunday 
Wishing I could be with tom tommorow for his nans funeral 
@BatHannahh LOL! but there so good, i wish i went on thursday  to see them, just so i can see them again! 
@iamloz_JsPR tough nites blow 
is hella nervous for tuesday 
In my bed thinking how saturday went really fast.. 
Ive been soooo sick...better yesterday..took wrong meds last nite! Now u can just shoot me again! Ugggg! 
@xNicaaBabyy ye lol but unfortunately theres skool tommorow  btw did u watch bgt last night?
I'm super tired and kim off till friday is no more 
back to beijing tmrw 
sat chilling, got really badly sunburnt friday whilst on holiday   Lets hope im better for college 2morrow
@nybor808 yep.  his last day was friday.  
driving to the middle of nowhere oklahoma, i'll be there till friday and won't have internet or cell service 
@kerpow42 aaw is anyone going tuesday 
is about to work on her 12 essays due by.... tuesday  dang
ugh..it t0talz suckz that the mtv movie awards is only going on tv next friday  which means il only get to watch it on tuesday..this sucks
@Spitphyre no kung fu fighting with me when i'm depressed and alone on a sunday night. it just isn't right 
paul bragg:@:@:@:@ bloked me  seein him nt this tues nxt 1 wil hav a go at him he he x
june 1. i miss you quesci. 
was gonna go see amanda &amp;&amp; aaron tonight... but entirely too tired   taking a nap, then probably going to rubyville this evening.
cant wait for tonight &amp; i am also excited for the true blood new season premiere its on june 14 i am so sad i dont want layfyette to die 
@JessicaGarlai how annoyin is it dat we've got 2 hard exams on friday  freakin out over dis week! cant wait till friday xxx
@jaysean i'm following u b/c u told us about your twitter last nite im curious as to why last nites concert was so diff from bumbershoot 
ugh tomorrows monday and i gotta do all my hw 
@NiGhT_RaVeN13 But I have my play on wednesday and won't see it 
@DarrellGoodliff ye it relly does well i am planning on coming back to leeds on tuesday, might go to the walk in here tbh 
@MSHYMAINTENANCE smh@u u aint show me no luv on friday 
@sonnymacworld i been missin out on ur shows  ima be watching for sure monday!!
with the fam.  not ready to go back 2 work 2morrow! 
jessica just left  but we had a sleepover last nite!
i wish it was friday again 
Sucks no basketball till thursday!! 
i haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate sundays!!!!!!! school tommorow (yep in england summer hols arent till july 
bad weekend for ohio sports... first the cavs lost then the reds got swept by the brewers 
@tinlady only til 7, sun mon and tues 
thursday is so far away!! what will i do with no lakers till then? 
watching an hbo movie about churchill...taking it easy tonight bc i have to be up in early in the morning... 3rd day in a row 
Trying to sleep  keep remembering tuesday and freaking out
Last saturday was awesome.. So monday is so boring.. 
graduation saturday 
@mackyyy I'm off tues 
no basketball till thursday  
late night studdying  can't wait for tuesday!
@jessicapinup aww i hope u can get well soon  will see pcd tmrw without u :'(
Just found out that an awesome colleague left on friday - didn't even say bye to him  damn - I didn't know he was leaving!
at stoney's in vegas! loving the free drinks. last night in vegas yall 
@SheBeeGee were you talking about the friday sms? If you were, I didn't drink enough for me. 
@kylieeann what? That sucks so much  i hope you meet them on friday. -s
I wish it was november already 
A long june ahead 
wishing atl wasn't on the same night as lisa's bday.  ghey.  
@MissBilvy I know  i released after i entered that it was this thurs, then thought, i bet, with my luck, i win, coz i cant make it
@thea89 haha oh thats good, i went out for afternoon tea haha. i don't think i will go kickboxing on wed coz im workin at 6 on thursday 
I hate mondays LOL. And looks like it's raining 
just woke up ,and i miss my babeeiij !! , friday is far away  i can't wait that long to him  man o shyt
ust woke up ,and i miss my babeeiij !! , friday is far away  i can't wait that long to c him  man o shyt
@tobycastle dammit you're on my list to get back to today, i can't do saturday  it's mia's birthday party (jeremy and kathryn)
@arovilla well mine'll be on this thursday 
severe case of the mondays 
... its m0nday again 
@swmaina saw this on saturday - was so sad 
just got back from a great weekend in oxford....experiencing serious miami withdrawals. ugh. 
Shit i just realized im not gonna be able to watch leno tonight. And i dont like conan. This is a great monday so far.... 
@georgiedaintree yeah apparently from wednesday onwards 
@TomChesover 11th june, how shit. i assume you finish tomoreee? jealous  how come you aren't coming on friday btw? miss yooou!
Getting increasingly nervous for my pharm. interview on friday.. 
@omgrawr Wow wow wow! i can't wait to see it! It comes out in november! 
its june but i&quot;m still frozen 
Is so not looking to thursday at all. 
says there's so much to worried about this june  http://plurk.com/p/xnt95
may is over  on to june gloom.
wishing it was saturday 
gd mrning all it's monday  but the upside there is only 4 dys til wknd
had an awesum weeknd and now I'm sooooo sick.... AND I'm @ wrk!  
wishing it was warmer out...  dr appt wednesday.. as always keeping fingures crossed
@CynicalCeci dude, we didn't hang on friday 
i hate mondays... 
noticed i was grammatically correct but it's monday....blah! june gloom is in full bloom!! 
ok so its june 1st n i see not 1 ray of sun 
@whutthafcuk i hit u up on friday dude...u never hit back 
@amaniBITCH i know right! but i dont know if i can come on friday 
hate it when you come back on monday with failing #junit and spock tests, forgetting what you were  doing on friday 
I hate mondays 
@katyperry just found out ur gig is cancelled on wednesday....gutted!!! 
There's nort even a preview  @jessicaveronica
@lisaloo2429 hey i cant get off early friday 
@ibreathemusic that was like me on friday 
@richlay ...at the very most, we had waited from 10.30ish untill 12pm and he just got in his van and went  didnt even say hi.
@kerria_24 wow  really isnt my nite 2 nite is it 
@JasonBradbury i missed tonights episode  byt i think it wus set to record...
its sad that i have to wear a sweater in june 
is crying because she just remembered that she forgot to go to the jb livechat on thursday 
I'm freezing and its june 
Oh noo .. I just got nightmare and can't sleep anymore .. I hate tuesday and meiling 
so i have a great photo assignment involving flr, but i won't be in florence tomorrow to do it  fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
@melissaabeckett quite short notice. and on wednesday i'm kinda busy after school  is thursday a tad late?
why does it look like its november 1st not june 1st???damn I hate cloudy days  lol
fakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk i gotta wait till thursday for nba game 
@sharita_rita idk!!! I tried to login this morning and they said my acct has been disabled 
@ chilis waiting for rosee she leaves wednesday 
I h8 the june gloom!! y can't it just b sunny and nice like usual 
@jess_rozelle they're going on wednesday actually. 
@StephybOOp... ps... thanks for ditchin me this upcomin weekend ima be lonelyyyyy 
@Jonasbrothers can you plz call me on thursday? you called my friend amy and she gave you my number but i didnt pick up  248 410 4382
@Jonasbrothers can you plz call me on thursday? you called my friend amy and she gave you my number but i didnt pick up  248 410 4382
@karaleung no, I head back to phx on friday 
Awwww my nena I didn't get to see her this fri she was punish 
Its going to be a late night....cuz i'm not going to get to cleveland til like 10 
@MItchBenn nope not in bed, working on a uni hand in for friday 
I hate mondays 
Is still sad about saturday 
Needs help saturday 
bye i hav to go to bed early 2nite bcoz i hav to go back to the docters in the morning  i stil hav a fever but its only a hundred 4
missing the @jonasbrothers live chat on thursday cause of prom 
@EBaldWIN34 the last event on saturday is at 145pm.. idk.. they might be able to fly us out.. ekkk 
is getting a root canal wednesday 
@JesseMcCartney i'm so sad you're not going to be at the new kids on the block concert this saturday in camden 
is so lazy! june doesn't like me very much 
@Banstaman ew... i start finals on wednesday, all the way through next friday 
@giorjess so like seriously I feel like I haven't seen u in 4ever!  come out saturday nite to ultra maybe?
is bored. and doesnt work til saturday 
I need to finish paying for all this stuff I need for prom so I can fix el long board  ..I'm so ovs prom on saturday
girlfreind is sleeping on the couch 2nite 
@ReemTeam wait ...... I said sumthin abt saturday??? I'm madd lost 
finale of gos gal tonight  cant wait til long w/end specially friday nite n saturday stalking time
@taylorswift13 hey taylor do you know if there is anywhere i can watch your dateline nbc special from last night i missed it 
i hope they odnt ask me to work next sunday or this saturday  both 16th birthday parties 
@redsheep i got a important meeting tomm  cannot take mc
goodbye microfridge on wednesday 
aghhhhhhagahghahghaghag i cant got o melissa whitelaws party this saturday  wwwaaaaaaaa
Guttered about not seeing katy perry wednesday have to wait another 3 months  x
...that wont turn up til saturday 
Its tuesday!  and its hot outside  but work will be over soon! 
@929tk that's what i wanted to see. its not out till thursday 
its dominos cheaper tuesday and im not eating pizza 
says morning folks, I am going to work now  http://plurk.com/p/xu4br
Nearly at st andrews...a series of disasters has made me an hour late tho 
@huixin i wish that it's friday already 
is sad because he will have saturday classes next sem.  http://plurk.com/p/xuivq
I was really sad to realize its only tuesday. I miss him. 
Last day in glasgow till september  xxxx
its tuesday and i miss going for pracs... sadx much?! 
all tomorrow i will be listening to atl and crying on the inside that i wont be in brisbane to see atl. lololol 
had my first belly dancing lesson 2nite i was so bad 
1st physio appointment this afternoon since my op.  I'll try not to cry 
I want another tattoo already...its only been since saturday.... 
Damnit. I forgot it was tuesday 
is still sickkkk. why does my body hate me so much  just gotta be healthy by thursday!
ugh! still feeling exhausted after that 18 hr trip on bus from washington to here in miami! 
I have to finish an essay until friday 
Ah so tired! Onlyy tuesday.. 
@Wilbursan yeah i need it! got one on thursday and friday though. 
@youngQ no me  u got a link yall rehersing tommorow??
@christinelam I know  it better not sell out! I'm getting it on saturday! When it goes on sale even if I have to be late to ortho
@alpha1beta ive got it on me, but it will take all night to install 
@cupcake177 if you bring him to the blue plum festival i can meet him...i work 26 hours on friday and saturday 
jenny leaves on thursday. 
@zgent thelma is sorry she couldn't help with your problemo  but is happy about thursday! (hopefully)
yay uncles chens all over kitchen and i can't eat it for the sake of thursday 
umm wings lost. boo hoo   thursday at 8 we will win!!!
http://twitpic.com/6ifkj -    guess I should stop drinking... not... saturday was sooo much fun
had to turn down free jay leno tickets for today 
@beckyinthesky i so sad   we can only hope to enjoy it on thursday
@lizluvsJK You see why my thirsty thursday is out now   LOL it's worth it though 
wednesday blues 
wll she didn't say no but she said she &quot;had to work saturday&quot;  
Ughhh planning a party is soooo stressful...susana is leaving for vegas next saturday but monique is getting glamour shots this saturday 
janae comes back to cali saturday  but bridgette leave 
i want tix to the atl gig on friday! damn them for selling out 
Home  Bored, yup thats my night as of now.
so i can get calls n tex just cant dial out r tex bac till friday afternoon  o well i went ah whole week with out texting n its all good!
@mikDC oh no you didn't! ) ) you shut me up  ) AHAHA i meant friday.
nitey nite twitterland ~ gotta take the kiddo for an early morning dr appt ~ round 2 of chicken pox vaccination 
@rjansen3, i'm starting at the inn in madison on thursday again.  i'll be doing 16 on, 8 off, 8 on, otherwise i'd come. 
tim cahill is unlikely to play for the socceroos next wednesday because of injury 
@xox3juicy blah, i gotta wait till friday to get mine 
@gauneyKAY was it good lastnight? i really wanted to go  did u see them there?
when, this weekend?! cali 1st bday sat 
but i wont see him till about 11  risk and reason prac before they recordddddddd saturday!
Oh no the weathers gettin worse an its ma bday on saturday i hope it dusnt rain wen i go 2 alton towers 
is off owrj thursday and friday and a coldsaw has now appeared on my face 
@hereinthehive don't think I can make it today have a mtg sceduled for 1pm  see ya tmrw nite tho?
@gauneyKAY im so jealous of you!! ggrrr you get to see atl on friday and i dont 
@mitch_41 hey i text u on like thurs or friday about or picnic 
could of been going to see katy perry tonight, but unfortunately it has been rescheduled 
today was my first examen.. was easy ;) but friday second examen  so much to learn 
did i say tyketto tommorow???? i lost the plot its friday  now i gotta wait another day.....told u i was knackered.
fucking moshers. can barely move. tempted to avoid the mosh on friday. so sore 
@craig_steele I know  I don't even have a job at the moment and I'm going out on friday night, bad times 
bored in schoolll. lala its only wednesday 
insane betty no concert on saturday  phillip has sprained his wrist
hmmmm, looks like it might be waterproofs weather on saturday for the concert 
restin ny bk as had a bad weekend 
You aren't supposed to see your breath in june 
@tskywalker yeah i've been sick since last friday 
It feels like a friday, but It's not...  
still sick about 2 go to the doctor  suxx but forsure 2 be ready for friday 
its raining here in stl and i dont like it  cant wait for my bday next week june 11!!! and my baby girl kenady is 3 june 12th yay
@lizinlights  I'm gonna be home in cornwall this weekend and probably won't get back to jersey till after the tony's but thanks!!Have fun!
I can't sleep!  i'm hoping wednesday comes soon. So holiday officially starts. ^^ - http://tweet.sg
i wann ago see tbs and anberlin on friday 
geez wednesday already!! 
DANGIT ALL! I left my atm card in the atm this morning. 
@CaraKeithley ty, I got sick right after our tweetup on tuesday  booo
it doesn't feel like friday cos i have to wrok on sunday 
noooooo an hour of planned maintenance on friday, what to do without twitter  hahaha 
@KyraLovesLife i cant saturday  maybe next saturday?  haha
@KyraLovesLife i cant saturday  maybe next saturday?  haha
@ohmrwilson now i dont do follow friday but u can tell ppl e follow me 2 damn i feel left out 
i should get every friday off just bc i say so. lol. blah miss my adam 
@johnny12ockets dammit!!! i missed out on the legendary night!!  and didnt even go hiking haha double fial
@MaAnMujunkie ooh congrats!  same here, I had my last exam in french yesterday!  but my german one is on monday which will be hard 
i got angry wif resi code the other night. got toooooo far to die  havent played it since tuesday... will 2night
@mattwrobel btw, you didn't remind me re. burrito friday!!! 
I hate that i work tonight and tommorrow   blah.
rainy friday  noo
sigh...november can't come soon enough 
@jonaskevin dangit i'm going to be working and it's friday so we will b busy 
@Juneya only friday and saturday 
i'm looking forward to manchester 2moz night . working in the morn tho....working on my birthday!!!! 
too bad it's a rainy friday 
@matthurlburt damn, even contractor ditched ya huh? I'm working sunday and monday night 9 to midnight  http://myloc.me/2Ikz
All my loveys r headed to vegas this weekend...  they left jaz o and myself in la la land
@DaisyPoppets Hope you feel better soon! I'm not feeling too great myself...booo!! What a friday night..  xxx
I feel like such a loser. I'm going to bed on a friday night because I have work 2mrw  this sux http://myloc.me/2IEY
@DMFeldkamp yes you did. last saturday.  about vegas lol hehe i don't know if i can make it though cuz i'm going in early september. 
@penguindice I dont know what this means  I always seem to follow a friday with a saturday, how bout you?
i hate beingg sickk...especially on fridays!   textt
IT's 11:30 n a friday night and im off too bed, while everyone else is shaking it down...   
k, i cnt sleep, i is 2 excited! haha. btw. my vid will most probly be delayed till sunday 
@REYNOS nuffin much jus chillin on a friday...bored! 
is so bored now cnt believe i neva went out on a friday nite  xx
wont be in sd this weekend girls...  sis had to work.. bbq nxt weekend..party at my house..
my dad wont take me to california on monday to be @ddlovato 's music video for 'here we go again' 
I cannot believe I'm leaving for france tommorow 
my dad wont take me to california on monday to be in @ddlovato 's music video for 'here we go again' 
I really want to be a penculik..huahh another boring and lonely saturday 
working on saturday blowsss 
no live 360 tonite 
has to go to work...ditched by my boyfriend...lamest friday ever. 
im totally doing nothing on a friday night  blahhhh
@angelyessi  i didn't get him - not until tmrw
back in boston with sooo much work 2 do...I dont even know what the weekend is supposed 2 be like anymore 
DAMNIT! i practically missed follow friday ! 
never got my black berry. gotta watie till monday 
feeling a little lonely on a friday night in pittsburgh 
getting ready to go to bed.....have a bad cold  nite nite
I am unfollowing you until I get my #FullService on wednesday, spoilers make me sad 
boo i got 101 feverr  noo its friday !
@MissUnderst00d1 I hear u. I was a lil sad u didn't make it to leek house on wednesday  lol
bout to play gta4....might as well shoot a few bitches on a friday night since i didnt get to 100 followers 
feeling a little sick  going to bed early on a friday.. goodnight all! xo
fuk this friday is soooooooo fuken boring...... 
have to work this arvo 
onto the duty calls...on a saturday   
Dreading to go to work tonight. I hate working on weekends sometimes! No qt w/ ne one! 
tara thai tonight!  but assignments first 
I don't wanna get the washing, its too cold atmo  I saw upper hutt hills today, they had snow on them! excited for next thursday!
@lainelaine88 a shitty one! samantha is leaving tomorrow and amanda left yesterday 
wut up tweeps NyC is all rainy  hopefully 2morrow is better...im here till monday
@sarahjonas725  Thanks for ditching me once again for amanda!! you said if i don't go to summersville we will hangout. well its friday 
just got to work ! on a fking saturday ! 
erm..erm..today is agung's burfdae!! so its a public holiday..but unfortunately it falls on saturday! 
Home alone both 2nite and 2moro nite  with -$13.50 in the bank, theres not much i can do about it 
@keelay5 Awwww man! I got a final that night  I'm gonna be down here til the 14th tho!
exhausted............... and it doesnt slow down tmrw. 
Its 30th birthday today and its raining  xx We love ya pete x
Morning all! It's saturday and it's wet 
@splattt_twloha cant next week il be in bali 
loving life in philadelphia, my marissa is leaving me wednesday  then im OUTT too. dagggg europe here i come.
I missed #ff    imma do #swagg on sat. &amp; #sexxii sat when I get up... XOXOX nite
is having a shit saturday and a shit saturday night so has acccepted her fate and is doing psychology revision and maybe some eco, too 
@FuchsiaStiletto ur active on a saturday morning hun?! I got a rugby tourney in 30 mins but still overly drunk 
@heybonnie they didn't play vegas at the sydney show last night either 
i have crashd my iphone  i put this on itunes sunday evening when i'm back in berlin, shittttyyy
@babyjew i would have cried lmao  i forgot it was saturday and the one i usually get doesn't come this early
having dnd nite here. not interested 2nite frankly. peeved that i was told they weren't comin' then told just 2nite they were comin'!! 
Who wakes up at 640 to run on a saturday?.....i do 
l love jay and grant but i work every wednesday night  dont get to see the show much anymore 
Lying in bed watchin tele. What happend to the weather? 
mourning....My next door neighbour died last nite  (R.I.P)
going to work. on a saturday. 
@mrandyclark no  we're in huntington for jess' bros grad party tonight...have fun though!
gutted i cant go out on tuesday nite  sucks....... could have had a right good nite out
@b3nsh3n we need to do it for tuesday (via @Amitpil)  i know 
dont wanna work tomorrow  northies tmw nighttt &amp; lily allen on tuesday 
Is up too early on a saturday. And is now waiting in the rain. Its cold outside.  wondering if the grill out is even gunna happen with ...
down a bit tho thats annoying  here do u wanna go and see paolo nutini tickets go on sale on the friday after prom
saturday nite n home bored  but YAY footy monday  hopefully shane woewodin is gunna b there
interview on tuesday and and and....   
@AshleyLTMSYF congrats! too bad i couldn't watch you performed last tuesday.. 
@november19 morning. We have spam on nin.uk again 
saturday night alone.. 
why am i awake at 10:02 on a saturday !? 
@tequilasam aw i wish i was in sunny manchester  wil has been spotted in the traford centre about an hour ago btw
ugh! i had to wake up early on saturday, i hate wakin up early especially on a saturday! 
yay for only 4 staff on a saturday! an i forgot my memory card so no cod on me break 
lifeless, fixing videos in cricket.yahoo.com on a saturday night 
I thought construction workers werent suppose to work saturday. fml! I'd rather them just work friday. I hate living in new construction 
Up early on my last saturday off! 
rest in saturday nite...  http://plurk.com/p/ywfdb
enjoying a lazy saturday before I actually have to start working 
going back to uia tmrw 
working on saturday 
saturday....and I have to go to work.  
 nope not in there will check again wednesday
@big_tex_uk no not eating, doesn't look good for tomorrow either 
@aprilBREEZY sorry bout last nite, april darlin' 
@_nicmac  ooh friday! haha. the only problem is its like 2 hours away from me! 
just woke up  watching thursday's episode of so you think you can dance! top 20!!!!!!!!!!
feels like crying. i can't go to @mileycyrus concert in london in december 
@semesterabroad love the new myspace look! i wish i could go on friday, but i work till 5. 
@majornelson  what a saturday huh?
thout of this min. y cant it always be night if it was allwayds night then the sun would never bother me 
so faaar summmmer SUCKS /: i wannna do somethiing fuun alreadddy &amp; i got tha worst news last night 
wishes it was last saturday again  but also wishes it was september! x
i want to fast forward to next saturday.. pretty please? 
listening to the pixies, packing for spain on monday - i'm so organized and a tad sunburnt 
watching tv and relaxing. but charlie has to go to work at 5pm 
its saturday and once again ill be at work like every effin saturday.. 
at dans gloomy day  love saturday
holy shit its already 4!! omfg what a waste of a saturday 
@SophietheCocker hey sophie, we would love to go and meet up with hiro and meko,but my daddy was in a crash on friday and has to rest 
friday and saturday without love 
@nova_caine my big bro got beaten up last night; he's in hospital 
i have to go to bed now  can't believe school starts on monday...ewwwwww. NIGHT ALL xxx
gone to dq, pce saturday night. 
Short saturday 
@taliarusso it was 2 crazy hectic last nite  i'm sorry  gorge
just had a loverly thai dinner in camden....now off to bed back to work tomorrow 
@misspleasure i cant go thursday i wont have my id by then. 
i miss my boyfriend so much. i havnt seen him since friday... and its sunday and i wont c him till tuesday 
Eating at hob w april- missed the bte passes by an hour 
This was a shitty nite out 
i wish i could see the @soldierthread tonite 
@ashleesayshi bitchin out on a saturday 
i don't know if i can wait until tuesday to get a pre... haha 
boring saturday night.. my dvd player totalled 
has been exhausted since thursday... and its not getting any better... 
The friday night boys only have one guitar solo on their new cd. 
goin to bed have to go to dad's tomarrow urg  hope leslie is there ok well night night
got a digital radio, it sucks. not that good. 2day fm dont have it yet. only nova  they have it on june 10, cant wait but its5sec delayed
hasta take nony to the vet on monday...hes sickums 
friday, went to codey moores welcome back party, it was alright. best friend made it funner, corey hynson never showed  ..
sab &amp; kim, sorry i can't join u guys last night scrabble session... huhuhu i want to play too... 
shoulder and back hurt like a b*tch......dont kno why tho....fun night...more fun tmw night.....then jury duty monday 
@nadzirahzawawi very sorry xpat anta ktk tonite!! busy abiss. 
aghfjkhasek i can't believe i coulda gone to bonnaroo on friday!! 
sooooo my saturday nite is ruined thanx to a wisdom tooth 
@zuppalizzle I am so sorry bout last nite 
I hate being sick! I hope this doesn't ruin my bday at disneyland on monday 
hyped for yearbook signing on monday and tuesday! Only finished one chapter of ss  and just realized tht my grade 10 marks are dismal
hav 2 go back 2 res 2night 
@trebaybay where have you been! and why didn't you say follow friday to me  lol
patti smith + velvet underground = my sunday..school tomorrow 
Our 2nd fund raiser was rained off this morning  www.oneliferescue.org
@JanaAlyssa  I shall have to check it out on youtube tommorrow then
what a gr8 nite we had last nite  all my aunts and family our NUTS  sun back out the day wooooo i want 2 go 2 tk1 but no1 will go 
 no internet till 2morro nite or tuesday depends on hen i decide to come home
@cat_elliott  i'm off but no way i can get out there....i work until 9pm thursday &amp; have to be back to work at 10am sunday. 
8:06 pm already.gotta take shower.hate the fact that monday is approaching everytime i look at the clock 
i went to oasis on thursday and it was amazing!! shame it is freeeezing now 
@x_beki it's rainingggggg  better not rain on tuesday!!
@itsmesammond at least i was outa my bed fora bit! lmao. fuck, i'm so lazy.. it's so so bad. up at 7:45 from monday-friday  bad times xxx
So they have to wait until monday and can't come out late enough that we would be home.  they credited me a month of hbo tho.
Lonely today - bf left til tues but won't see him cuz I work tues/wed night shifts. 
Induction days on tuesday + I dont even no my clas yet so unfair 
is looking everywhere &amp; anywhere for 2 spare tickets to see the saturdays this wednesday! 
@nkw1998 i know, it's so sad  but u could sleepover thursday right? im so tired now. but i havent picked out what i'm gna wear tmrw 
@AlohaMorgan yah im going saturday too... but i cant go monday 
Oh btw I'm so hungry!!!  can't wait till tomorrow morning so I can have my breakfast hahah x.
@ronanofficial have fun in notts tonight! was meant to be there but couldnt afford the train!  see you on tuesday!!!!  xxx
I mightta went a lil toooo hard last night 
in florida... back in london on thursday 
@bolliehoston i want too  wnna go halfs? ill have it on monday through to saturday and you can have it sunday...fair?  hehe
in my old life, id have a health dept certificate and liquor license by noon on tuesday. and would have signed a lease by friday. le sigh 
No I work  I'm off tues and friday
working on my art project.., it has to be finished on friday, but I'm on a trip 'til wednesday...that's not good! 
lazy ass sundays, almost fun, except monday follows it.. 
@pdurham...oh no. we've been playing trivia on wednesday nights  Decisions, decisions.....
@DanielFielding yep looking forward to it myself , missed it last nite 
reeli wants to go to saving aimee  ..... friday shud be good though i hope :-P xx
thank you! the tickets are actually $70 and it starts at 6:30 on sept. 23 on a wednesday. school night  thats what my mom doesn't like...
@GinaATL I got lakers all day! But ima be @ wrk til 10pm...  I may catch some of it...
@ShannaMoakler i saw land of the lost friday and was disappointed  def not will's best, but maybe you'll like it who knows!
@MiABP thats noot good  i have 2 exams on wednesday and thursday I should be studying right now
is happs my mums goin away again.. only till saturday though 
@LaChatNoir aww I have been poorly too, hence why I am working now and not on friday when I should have been  x x
@PhillyD  dude i was going to go to the meet on monday. but my motorcycle is broken. thats what i get for buying a harley. 
aw, too bad.  medusa for sure thursday. (yn)
at briiis, about to leave for youth. btw getting ready too move we move tuesday 
End of the weekend  oh well... bring on next friday!!
rite am off to bed now work tomorro  nite nite x
@Saskiafairy aw hope ur day isn't too shit tomorrow!! i hate mondays  night &lt;3 xxx
@Dannychoi13 I'm not elligible for an upgrade til oct  http://myloc.me/2XTw
i wish i could stop watching tv and just do my homework. wishing i was camping with ashley and the crewww tonight but it cant happen 
@emboosh i miss the sunday night project  ohh, and i love des bishop too xD
just bought my clothes to wear next saturday. 
i love canada. thinkin about the weekend. i love it. im sad though.  _lynnie&lt;3
@LDubbs14 my loveee, i don't have showtime so i am going to have to find it online on tuesday! 
So i cant text until thursday  not cool
morning peeps,i wont stay here for long cuz its monday &amp; i have school 
@PoliBinder i have tos xd and i've been feeling horrible since friday night 
@Mommykins41 well I'll be working mon-thurs 
@rucybrock never made it  maybe matinee before you leave tuesday
@lndsy_rsn idk I'm just bored  I guess I'm going to bed, good nite
courtney lee will not be able to fall asleep tonight 
where r u feb? i need u here! 
@joshuainlight not opened on mondays unfortunately! 
I am sooooo sad  seriously can't wait for thursday!!!!
@AirJeffreys  aeriel is only off thursday&amp;fridaay babe.
i hate mondays.. 
@Jonasbrothers at wembley tonight and im not going  i have to wait until november 
i got a package from lisbon on friday and now i cant find it anywhere! i forgot where i put it  ABJDNKJDSBJSBGJDF merdeeeeeeeeeee
i hate mondays! 
i hate mondays.... 
Waiting impatiently for friday to come. I want to see my bestfriends. 
jst woke up to a cloudy mornin 
@sas73 it's cos of the weekend, hon - i wish i could take it away for it  x
@jonknightswife hey Ems, you left so suddenly on saturday...didn't get to say bye to ya 
I hate mondays  I wish I could go back to bed!
my only by the night album- kings of leon effed up on my itunes, so i have to rip it again 
@Official_TJCA i have to wait until friday cos i live in australia 
can't walk!  i hope i can by friday, i want to wear heels for prom!
i HATE mondays!!!!!!!!!! 
@alwaysrecycle yehh why thursday? 
going to get good and drunk on friday, but soooo much to do before then 
is scared to go to school this wednesday  http://plurk.com/p/1127tz
i just realized that my exam is actually on thursday and not friday................ 
doesn't look like i'll be able to make this friday's liekmind event as i'll be in reading 
vicky christina barcelona was quite good, it definitely made my afternoon. so, graduation rehearsal tomorrow? ay! I want to stay at home 
have  a soccer game on friday I'm so excited because I get to stay in a hotel for the weekend but i got to share my room with 2 manny ppl 
I hate mondays,nothing good comes out of them which means my bday will suck its in 2 wks on a monday 
oohhhh......mondays! How I hate waking up to you! 
@ImranAjmain cheer up pls! a sad imran isnt very fun  good night!
@J_xox LOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!! i really wanted to do the fanprentice though   no they're not filming it tuesday.. they're filming it thursday
@MsSunShyne47 i no  but cant even wear them on fri
ugh, i'm sick.  leaving for texas on saturday! 
mondays.......  need i say more?
@madinalake no forum chat today then?  or later? for a minute there i thought you guys were saying u were in egypt or brazil! lol! xD
i wont be there   , i'm sad about that..saturday is my bar mitzvah ....
mondays suck 
dog sitting for the rest of the week. nicole leaves wednesday  i leave friday to see the eye alaska dudes! stoked!
brrrb i hate mondays 
i keep thinking its tuesday and my stupid msn has crashed 
tryingaa load alan carrs- chatty man on the satelite cos i missed it last night  :L .
@toriilovesmcfly thats 2 things im gunna miss london on your birthday and london on saturday to wel 
this has to be the slowest monday everrrr. somebody take me to san diego so i can be with my brobro and angela and the babe 
bc of @cycling_yokel's question, i just looked @ the forecast.  storms tonight &amp; friday, @thatgirlmegan will be hiding from thunder
mole biopsy thursday afternoon...im so nervous 
Preparing my english speaking and listening. I have to have two done by thursday 
#musicmonday ?  too bad its tuesday now in australia !
@mitchelmusso i wish i can go 2 ur concert 2night but i am in canada  &lt;3
urgh .. .its monday... cant wait till the weekend! im soo tired ! 
@xJ_0x I wont have any money this thursday  what bout next thursday?
Hanging out at the pool with my homegirls. Two of them leave on thursday... 
@suzit86 ahhhhh man i am working tomorrow  sucky!!! i am off thursday going to ascot wooohoo xxx
back. bonnaroo was exhausting. dr appt in an hour and back to work tmrw 
@jackson88 hey, I walked by you last night n didn't realize you said hi till I passed you sorry for being a meanie!  
@thefreedomblog march of the penguins postponed to friday  le sigh
I missed it last night  and it wasnt on 4od #bb10
It's dark already at 10pm in the middle of summer  I wanna move from the uk  http://twitpic.com/7hsqh
my neck really hurts  i wish i has seen jonas tonight. as if mcfly were there! cant wait til november  today was mint  night x
2 hr flight from tampa-atlanta, 1 hr layover, 1.5 hr flight from atlanta-philly. What a night 
@elliotjames ah i cant believe you guys are playing in oregon on wednesday and i cant go because its five hours away 
still freaked from watching sorority row last nite! 
thinking i should call it a nite since i cant watch #otalia til saturday nite at the earliest! 
i hate my grad dresss   its on thursday.
bummed that i won't be able to go to the sts-127 launch on wednesday. 
@ParkRat it's rumored to be Q4, so at the earliest, september. 
studying for exams    bday friday!
i have to  surgery friday moring or saturday moring 
yeah just found out i have to work on saturday. 
photoshoot got cancelled &amp; moved to wednesday   i never update this anymore  sorryyy
i hate mondays 
i was tested 4 glandular fever  wont know until thursday 
@jruiz92  I'm on a diet lmfao. besides that cheeseburger saturday night- that I only ate cause I didn't have an extra 25 for the double :x
Waiting for thursday 
prob wont be able to hang with my bf this weekend. 
listening to jason mraz &quot;live high&quot; then bed then finals in the morning! yay! 
kimberly and are having our last evening coffee in jax with jennifer tharp. 
@blondephoto ended up being a busy family weekend.  e-shoot on saturday early evening.  pulled up carpet on sunday due to cat urine 
i don't like mondays 
i had southermn regionals for soccer last weekend. whooped oklahoma and georgia, tied to arkansas, and lost to stupid texas in semifinals 
its morning no nba, no epl, no champions league....only work 
Leaving san fran.  next time hopefully i can stay forever! Next stop seattle on wednesday!
bruised rib again  but so excites for the new jb cd tomorrow!
@LuvinMeSomeD im sad that thursday is my last concert for who knows how long   its been to much fun
When I stay up until midnight, I expect new woot!  
i have a very important decision to make by june 21 2009... 
uh oh, i can't remember what day my interview is on. thursday or friday? uh, this won't make a good impression when i email to ask them 
@littlemisskate i work 1-close..  but im off tuesday! =D
@jonaskevin I'm trying to buy your cd right now at midnight but the truck doesn't get here till six thirty with them  stupid wal mart!
oooooooooooooh its only tuesday 
@FiercexChelsea their album doesn't come out till friday here 
Not tired. I love baby so much..too bad i cant see him until like thursday 
such a broing arvo. 
gotta work saturday 
workworkworkworkexam friday 
@april_itt  I'll check
...rainy tuesday afternoon! but, got a gimik invite tonite...hmmm, raincheck muna? 
@XGraceStAcKX we don't live near each other  im going down the coast on thursday though,if im free thurs night we should go ^-^
can't believe I spent da nite in a car  wt a bad nite I had !!    will fix breakfast and sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
I want it to be saturday 
getting ready to head to the airport...got stuck in minnesota over night  just want to see texas!!
@suumac I hope it gets sorted for ya soon! yeah spoke to mum last night &amp; she didnt mention snow so musnt hav  I can't be arsed being @ wk
forgot to watch the late night with jimmy fallon! 
@jamie_oliver   i made this last night, but not with your recipe 
@tommcfly hey! when are you guys coming back to scotland? gutted i couldnt be at wembly last nite! 
@tommcfly hey! when are you guys coming back to scotland? gutted i couldnt be at wembly last nite!  xox
oh.. I hate being ill. this had better clear up before saturday! I don't want to be like this on holiday. 
three days left in roma  athens on fridayyy!
@avatrinidaddd ill check it, and i cant leave the classroom:|  why dont you come to mine, OR get on on saturday during lunch:&gt; 
I did it.. yup traded my tuesday for friday... 
thursday suppose to go out with them. but i dont have $kaching  how?
chillin in frankfurt, germany! show tonight. wish we could call cyy this morning 
@CarolinaDiva09 lol cloudy and 87 here on thurs but 99 on friday 
what a day. . .should be good for some bball. also, shedding a tear b/c the finals are over. . .no more televised action till nov 
@iRockaBerry we will have 99 on friday 
@nashg @ebeth afraid I can't make thursday  have a voddie for me
@leannechun The other vanessa can't make it this weekend., though.  And what made you decide to come for prac? 
it's supposed to rain thursday, friday AND saturday of my door county trip  somebody hates me
seeing soph was fabulous... why is she going away for the summmer  swim/sun bathing/dvd night at mine on thurs with her before shes off.
Not excited about india's match tonite 
is working. i can't believe its only tuesday 
@paulkulp its not a friday brownie I miss them 
bleh, i want my virus to be gone by tomorrow. but i've had it since friday, so i doubt it will  paracetamols don't work!!
@katveronika @pearled nope it's 10am mon tues wed thurs which means 7am wake 
@daytonagrlmandy i need a team and i dont wanna ape @danieldennis and support arsenal  also usa-brazil thursday morning woot.
I have $1.37 until next friday. That's great. No rainboots for me. 
last night was muchos fun...really missing thomas more than ever.i would like to cheer him up 
cant wait for my holiday to ireland this monday so sick of glasgow!!  take that concert on friday xx
need new running music..no techno please!  looking forward to tacos and wf on wed and thurs...not friday though, kids will be gone 
Wish I was at dunkin with my favs  thursday can't come fast enough!
really confused        but so excited about saturday !
band probation ... -.- sooooo nervous because of gig at friday ... buhu 
@cyandle @martinbowling I put in a tic in feb... still not heard back 
@PrincessSuperC is it true your not supporting britney at manchester tomorrow? 
go to sleepy sleepy!! 2 morrow se's so i have an  wakey wakey verry early for goodnesssakey!  i hope i can sleep 2 night!
uugghh so bored. gotta vacum  hate cleaning l0l can't wait untill saturday YAY!!
@sapphirecut fuck! I thought he left on saturday 
@callmealaska you forget ALL plans you have with me  dont forget friday too 
@ashleyfrigginb yeah, i'm working tomorrow  i'm off tuesdays, fridays, and the weekends
Pretty sure im addicted to sugar. In other news.. Cainwasable is playing their last show ever this friday. 
Why am i sick in june?? Not cool 
why the fuckkk does xbox live have to be down today  fml. I guess I'm gonna do something trashy like eat vicodin and dl monday night raw.
Eating at fridays instead 
brooklyn today, anna leaves trow for 10 days 
 i knew this would happen !! i'd start feeling really ill and wouldn't be able to sleep. it's exactly the same as what happened friday &gt;:|
@OMGitsJessieLee   i wanted to see you....i leave friday
@jonaskevin your album doesnt come out untill friday in australia  xx
just got back from tgi friday's with tuesday and emma.. tuesday is leaving for canada tomorrow 
drew went to new caledonia ? on saturday 
@bealove I have no clue  haha did you figure whatchur wearing friday and sat? haha
@toastwithsalt I'll take an annotated bibliography anyday over what I have to complete for friday! 
i am very upset i have missed jimmy fallon 2 night n a fow 
promised my boss i'd take a few days off of tanning. not going near hollywood tans til friday. i'm gonna be one sad panda 
missing my tivo...can't watch my shows until i get back home next tuesday    no housewives of nj
@djnvs yea friday! 
Hopefully my internet will start working 2morrow!! I feel left out of evrything! 
@annissanns i miss you too nih, masa we only meet on friday before you leave? 
@hilarychu well, i have a performance next tues. that beethoven... 
omg. i totally should have gone for hey monday's concert at seattle! 
@JonasAustralia ahh i went to the jb in syd today and they didn't have it  i shall go this weekend xx
@wtcc on the website it says thursday  they're killing us!
@SomersetBob nope but will be next mon-tuesday 
Is getting ready to go to work  However friday is now just about in sight...
onto my last piece of hw....a big ten pg paper...i dont even know how i'm going to do it. due next wednesday. 
@nicholasperez 3.0 not coming til thursday now  according to apple.com
hope jamie's alright  (U). no plans for this weekend as of yet :O. maybe grv on saturday. x
@richard_hughes I dont think its out till this evening 
this time on monday we were with jb  what id do to have joe do that again...
@VenenoCY os3 not out til between 6m and 9 pm in the uk! 
@gemcruz sa friday, i have class  why?
omg i really wanna go to wembley on the 21st, its a bloody saturday!!!! 
will be gone until saturday or sunday!! music camp! will miss you all!!  http://plurk.com/p/11mo54
wooo must study SocialStudies x.x shiat it's wednesday already.  prelims prelims prelims
yes. untill next monday. but next fri im leaving to syd until the 6th of july   boohoo :'(
@el_kev really?  but I wanted to copy and paste! It was going to be the highlight of my evening :p
I hope its warm for friday 
physics exam on friday 
@daniellajohnson Why do all our events have to be on a tues or a thurs!!  I can never go! 
when can i watch hannah montana the movie?! friday night? please momma! 
i wanna go back and see the boys sooo much.  monday 15th june, best night of my life so far 
I just found out that I can't wear my black shoes on saturday 
1 mor day of school and then freedom . . . til september then it starts all ovr again 
sad i cant go see @bryangreenberg friday in boston  going to pout outside in the sun.
@AbbieFLETCHER_ Me too  I'm seeing the jobros in november why can't mcfly be there then!? x
is praying she is aloud to go in november 
i feel like it's friday already. but it's not 
chantelle's going to formula 1 nd leaving jess all alone - on saturday 
today's episode was the finale for tim gunn's guide to style! what am I going to do with my other wednesday nights? 
@LaurenNOXXIOUS I would've gone with you. I thought we were doing that on friday. 
@blumoon88 it's never going to feel like june. 
@tabulous ugh I totally want but I'm broke til friday. 
i'm such a mess when i'm drunk  booooooo too tired to not have a lie in til monday damn
is waiting endlessly for bejeweled to be fixed........... my nites are not the same without it,,,,,,,,,, 
keep thinking it's friday, and then I realise it's thursday and it makes me sad  time for school...
i totally want to see the queers this friday and have no one to go with  wanna go to a show?
it is official, my sister and i are seeing tinted windows and meeting taylor hanson tomorrow. sorry, @edobson 
@Chely09 I miss my cachetes   are we on next tues and wed?
@xDorianGrayx i may die without my phone.  hmmm friday would be good!
@GraceMcEwen yup monday and tuesday  some ppl are done on friday!!! ooh how i wish my exams were sooner!! summmeeerrr i can smell it 
on saturday, i'm go to yasmin harmoni for graduation.... hiks.... hiks... 
@DDubsTweetheart it hasnt been that nice out lately I think it supposed to rain friday 
im very excited for kennethy cohens party on friday then billie schaubs going away party on saturday  dont move to chicago billie!!
@jordan_roberts  you didn't have it a week ago. I'm disappointed in you 
ugh, my oral presentation for espanol is tommorow and i dont even know what to say 
@caamix94 so, when my iphone comes to me on friday afternoon, i'll try to call you  i love ya bestiiees
summers suck on wednesday nights - nothing comes on tv 
It's a tomato soup evening, looks more like november out than june 
All packed up and ready to hit the open road friday 
Chillen....last nite in the burgh 
Jezzz i totally wish i was famous! some of them are going to partys tonight, I wish ! hahahah cant thoo cuz school night ! 
@trishheylady i feel ashamed b/c i just wrote my review for friday and it didn't take me that long.... 
@miacarruthers well i suppose u run out of battery. I though i'd win  my offer's still up 4 jammin at central park on saturday
in santa ana for my last night in california.. until my next trip that is. i will miss this place so much.   
Watching tv. Thinking i might go to bed soon. I've gotta get up early in the morning. 
@emsdemello it better, i was supposed to go to her concert in seattle but it was on a tuesday, and i have no ride 
Feels like friday... But it isn't! 
Why can't it be friday yet? 
@albiezushi i know  cooper is going but i think he may be leaving on friday (((
Could not sleep last nite 
new friday fever : assessment  
not feeling too great today,  but ow well never mind ay! thursday, what to do?!
Why is it soooooo cold outside its june 
@selenagomez ahhh can't wait - it will be like september/october for me 
ugh i wish it were friday 
ffs! checked out the line-up for leeds fest. got a friday ticket but want to go saturday instead now. really want to see crystal castles 
bleh doesnt want to work friday and saturday 
how are u this morn, babe?  missed you last nite  very depressing!
@mscdenise good morning cammy! lol hope its nicer in illinois than it is here in nyc...rainy 
doesnt want tuesday to come! 
@holytshirt @caveman_dick @rachellaycock ferry leaves for europe tuesday evening so cant make LNDUG, gutted 
yucky and rainy out - plus it feels like friday 
The Highschoolers leave for haiti on saturday,  I want august to come quick so I can go, I miss my haitian family.
@Merrygoldalways yeah ano lool.. ermm naa read sumfin on the forum bout a big poster or sumit:S.. wil av t wait til wednesday  . xxxx
@nb109 Not sure how that happened? just refollowed u...but I wish it felt like friday...been running on a string of mondays. 
Is not happy wiv hus been named in the lions squad for saturday 
miami next week. las vegas the next. just wish i had company for miami 
No. 38 is rubbish tonite - totally empty 
#bringback our last night in miami @Jrock2416 @KoFiBaBy @MingdaGazette @bbc_dream hmph i wasnt there i leftt  I
lady gaga berlin is sold out since friday. nice 
So excited about my new louis vuitton purse!! But griffin is now working every single night until I leave.... 
@laura3lizab3th yeah. 'its free pizza night!' I DON'T CARE 
i work friday night   but um maybe next wk... but i would like 2 avoid ur parents if possible... I think there would be tension there...
hello world. how are you? tomorrow i write a Test :/ and an monday und next friday too. and then i write still 3 test in the next weeks 
knackered, and i keep thinking it's friday, then realise it isn't 
i really hope my teese gets here by saturday 
i'm sad. brandon's last night in town tonight. cristina's moving away party. i have to go in to work early &amp; jason wont talk to me 
No beach today  storming. That's ok gotta do some shopping. I can't wait to come back and see jason
@Hellendozier out and about fri night, we keep missing each other   &gt; guess we will have to wait for happy valley!!
Why is it not friday? It feels like friday so much 
@laneville: i went last nite at 10:08 but they closed at 10  i'm goin tonite at 8! Ahh!
Watching tv. Going to pack tommorow. wee 
in va until saturday, than here i come nc!!! back to pa on monday! 
I was watching friday the 13th and within 30 min not even everyone was dead...then the actual movie started and the satellite went down. 
@TheComputerNerd wow ur so lucky! i have school until wednesday! 
@thedanyoung uhm sir,, it is now thursday and tuesday tweets are not up. i am extremely disappointed for i look forward to these. lame 
Last thursday classes...ever! 
cant find her dress for formal friday 
@kaaatt probably not lovely. Going 2 dindin 2nite plus I'm still pretty sick.  we'll have a playdate soon luv!
does *not* think she can rockit to staten island tonite... 
it's friday and still no jailbreake and no beejive 3 
for a minute there i thought it was friday already 
i wish i could go to the jonas brother concert saturday 
thursday  i hate thursdayys  feeling  weird tired and missin my hubby
Heart -breaking news- the blitz might not be back up untill wednesday  at least it's coming back though
so glad tomorrow is friday...oh wait, i work saturday 
if only he knew how much i miss him  tuesday needs too come soon &lt;3
@dinamayhem i know  we'll hang this weekend fo sho. I'll put yo weave in girl. Lol
Opps my bad friday. I wish it was saturday. 
sitting here sweating my a** off here in central illinois 
Is wondering when will he actually has his friday off? 
in texas. might be goin home tuesday. gettin another tooth pulled for my braces. imissyou 
@melodie_marie i miss you so much already we havent spent a thursday with out each other since school started 
@lilzx2100 she saidddd yess noo she already bought food  but omg ill ask if i can but next weeekend fo sho or sunday prob???
my boys leave for hawaii tomorrow and whitney goes back to georgia on monday. ?ber boo  but more of a reason to travel
@netamarie it is thursday, he and him is the hot guy you work with, shane works saturday  but i will definitely recommend it at some point
triste, no companion for saturday 
Even seeing ryan wouldn't make my night  fml
@SincerelyLC  @JockinSammyy nite ladies, I can't stay up &amp; play tonite 
Just woke up..*yawn* hubby alrdy off to friday prayers..i have to do the laundry n unpack now  - http://tweet.sg
I missed shane.  nite
@badpauly i know! this friday and next friday are out too  oooh, but the firday after looks good!
i already miss sleeping in on fridays 
@mversion at least your doing overtime on a friday. I got to work on a saturday 
@bunnyboo786 leavin on saturday for paris... sorry lovely 
not feeling too healthy...  typical on a friday
Not feeling good at all  day off friday tho
@xjessicaxamyx going back oin a friday is soo not cool 
@shelleywade happy friday to you too!!! yay!!! lol ... i'm suffering from some severe insomnia  i can't pass out lol
translating 63 pages... deadline is on thursday... so frustrated 
friday nights are definitely the hardest. wish i was home 
Its friday and i still feel sad! 
bye bye hyd..cya on monday 
@tommcfly my dog mia is very sick, we have to take her to the vet tomorrow, and my sisters dog passed away on monday  x
@colingeow I have 2 more starting tuesday.  
What a friday!! 
@hannmcfly HAHA. oyy don't be 'orrid.  I have im mondays, weds, fridays and sundays + you can have hun tuesdays and thursdays  HAHA
i dunno who to say for follow friday 
You know what i hate.. I hate that taylor lautner is at the mmvas in toronto this weekend... And i feel so cloSe!!!! Ahh 
I hate ths early morng conference calls... Sply on a friday. But no option 
hmm, it's the weekend, transformers tonight, if only i could locate phil, all would be well! 
cant believe @laraduckytay is leaving on thursday 
No follow friday for me  .. It worked for @icedcoffee .. bah ..
@tylersteps i apoligize for last nite i was only joking and britt and robyn had nothing to do w/ it 
it's friday, it's payday. i really miss my jenn 
time check!...... 9:07pm... dat?... it's june 19,2009!...... and its friday!... iwanna go out!... 
time check!...... 9:07pm... date?... it's june 19,2009!...... and its friday!... iwanna go out!... 
@kjannfischer hate that i missed out last nite 
didn't get my iphone yesterday!!  stupid sales ppl were pissing me off b/c they kept skipping me...so i left! going bk tomorrow!
@chicklet7 its only wednesday for me 
where the hell is james at? hes supposed to help me open. ugh, if he doesnt show up when i did on tuesday for my day off ima be pissed. 
@megadactyl: i have to babysit next friday.  what restaurant?
I messed with the follow friday  sh**!
@stephernaut she's playing again in somerset on saturday.    I love her.
@amon91 even more bored. 
@iMBA want to attend tomo man but hopefully next time its on a sunday! m workin tomo 
@belsk i think i'm gonna lose it lose it lose it!! yeah friday night! lol but fuck, tomorrow we have school. 
@eSubias  hi its friday! i phone3gs day... 
shit! i missed mclovin on john jay and rich this morning 
it's friday and i just can't bring myself to do any actual work..and i don't wanna spend the wkend in decatur!  i hate that stinkin place!
computer is fixed and returns home on monday, i supose thats good news, but i really wanted a mac 
working on a friday night!!! .. not good!!!!  xxx
doesn't enjoy being in on a friday 
managed to go town on tues and not buy a starbucks or anything from primark majorly skint 
just got home.....it's friday,,what to do?  Definently not my mans homework like he wants..hell no...    :o
@Luceebell awwwwh no way  okay then, well i finish OFFICIALLY on monday  so im thinking cinema on wednesday &lt;3 loveyou xxxxx
doesn't feel like friday... 
Feeling really lazy right now! I don't want to get up  friday doesn't feel like a friday!
@Celeq i remember those fridays.. 
There's still nothing to do on fridays in cleveland on fridays! 
@kmsexton friday's never are 
#lofnotc  @snaaa  saturday work is a friday fail
leaving new york 2morrow 
@hrose_ on a saturday? 
looking forward to a great weekend of revising for gcse's on monday pah! nicht.. 
Really shouldnt have stayed up this late  nite folks
Home its friday and I'm in a crappy mood 
@siancore Next friday  then im off to swansea for a weekend 18th in swansea!!!
alone in nyc..on a friday night..as usual.  excited for steve to come tomorrow!
@skipbeat was thinking about doin the 15, not sure I can get free on saturday though 
@golfgolfsam I wanna be in a skybox watching baseball too  So we're def on for monday! Looking forward to my interview...
Working on a friday   but excited 4 movie later with @mario_tobar. !!
costco with the famjam. no samples on a friday night. 
prob stuck with my loser bestfriend named steve all night 
is bored on a friday? 
friday night movie plans are cancelled til 2morro 
omg no rs till tuesday night 
@meaghanellenxo i never saw it . that's why i want them to repeat it. they had alice upside down again last saturday, missed it, though 
@hitsondeck @janellestar.....  ditched us to go party on a friday nite eh?! BOOOOOOOO!!!
2day was fun, nicole had 2 leave tho  alexas party 2morro. then home sunday. texting lauren and devin
back to work, as the latest two fridays 
in the crib listening 2 my i pod &amp; playin sudoku.. some friday 
tricked heaps bad  working bee on saturday = poo
@thetoughsams i'm coming home next thursday then heading to vegas though 
lonely and rainy  friday  
@gina_phillips are you on at midnight?  sometimes I miss those late night sets.  
sosososososo tired  hmm, no sleep in tomorrow either, and i have to go to school on monday  maybe i won't go on tuesday
friday night, finnaly home for some fun, and dan goes to bed. 
@Wyldceltic1 i'm waiting til nov26 to get mine  stupid blackberry upgrade!!!
#dontyouhate when you have to get up early to work on a saturday 
@FNFwondergirl I'm in salt lake city, utah kay......going out saturday w @hoodiecouture....wish u were toooooo 
@davidNfoster yea.. i might hit up a mets game tomorrow if ypu're down. have to work the night tho 
I wish I could I got studio again tonight... How about tomorrow night? @amber_boyd or do hav 2 work? 
@onlyONEdeejay ummm next friday i believe  ... hol on i saved the link as my fav ...
i missed follow friday again   goodnight.
absolutely does not understand y it rains in june !! 
playing on mom's instinct...wat a friday nite 
Sitting here watching sex in the city.. On a friday nite 
shia labeouf was on conan tonight and i missed it. 
take a bath and go to pim with my fam, what a boring saturday nigghhht  http://myloc.me/4AEd
party all three days sat-mon woo then i leave to chicago on tuesday ohh yeaa..gotta work tomorrow so leaving the party early 
it's saturday but I'm working 
@tylerothites it gets here tuesday 
Trying to sleep! I need to be up by 7 tmrw. I work @ 8. 
I hate working on saturday 
working on a saturday... yet again!! 
@mallycakes i can stay up all night and sleep in til noon! mmmmm. hahaha i'm so mean. but i have my reasons. 
leaving on tuesday.. 
no work but raining saturday in seoul 
its saturday here.. im so bored.. i want to go to a mall and hang out!! 
waiting for jasper.. gaaah. saturday classes suck.. 
is thinkin about changing her username... but til then ima study til i fall asleep :/... how lame for a friday night 
soo....... yeah... LoNG nite 
this friday eve has been wack w/o @dbellsolaidbac @mslisaitsnthn @kngsrw @b_smeezy @rob3taylor @ms_ajc... helloooooo *echo* 
@OctoberElyse omg im so mad i drove 2 hours to get there to find out its sold out  but i will be seeing him on wednesday and friday
what a wasted saturday, had a migrane that made me sick alll day!!!finally going away now. 
Alarm set to go off on saturday too...  schmeh
getting up before 9 on a saturday... i didn't even think that was legal 
this weekend has decided to let me down... first sunday plans fizzle now the saurday plans modified  still excited abt meetin the brother
saturday night... getting ready for a hannah montana/jonas brother marathon, enjoying my last days of youth... 
@jasimmo I know  i feel bit ill too n my manager stil hasnt turned up. I hate workin saturdays 
I really do not like working saturday's 
@ladydawnie will try not too :-p but with being a saturday and hardly any staff its going to be a nightmare I can sense it! 
will leave jakarta until wednesday, aah males ke jambi 
Whats wrong with me why am i gettin bored on a saturday 
working on a saturday sucks 
working on saturday... 
hahahaha early rise tommorow  fricken 7:30 game in perth 
my finger bleed all over eveyrthing  friday nite was intresting/wierd/ a blur !
@Lizloz glad you had a good night ;) shame about your hangover tho  xx
Is thinking i realy should have stayed out last nite 
Working... today? saturday???.........   yes!! saturday!!  
Why #saturday ends so fast?!?!? 
awake early on a saturday....to do some hw 
still working on a saturday 
Fukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk... I wuz sleepin good and now i gotta wk after a long fuN nite!!!  Shyttttttttt 
i was fugly on thursday nite 
maan, i'm so bored. too awake to go to sleep, and its past midnight 
@itskrystle i still go to my pediatrician! LOL but i won't be able to anymore after thursday because i'm turning 23 
i went 2 bed earlt las nit..like 3. was posed to get up at 8. i got up @ 10. so not a morn person 
working on a saturday  i guess you have to make sacrifices to win.
the george lopez movie was on last night and i missed it. 
working on a saturday is really not fun 
had a dream last night that barak obama was assassinated. it was scary and sad 
@tipaow BTWWW. i cant come on monday =/ cos theyre leaving on tuesday so i have to eat dinner with them for the last time.! 
preparing my discussion on positivism..i am so not enjoying my saturday.. 
@sachets leaving on the 3rd nite.. friday nite.. ya i will thanks.. i just heard about jess.. from where? how is she now actually? 
old navy sale = FAIL. it was like black friday! and i'm empty handed 
@jfrd aww  poor you, bring on cellar bar wednesday when you get all your scratchcards
finally left the house, after talking abt it for hrs. listening 2 jamie foxx, I need a *weekend lover* 
Ugh! Another cloudy morning in san diego  http://mypict.me/4FrS
yea, up to date with dailybooth. now i can relax and use it properly!til monday...were il fall behind because...i have no interwebs 
@AlexCraven thousands of pics will be monday 
@mizkarlenemarie   they closed saturday
@HayleySmith16 i know  i'd we'd miss the crap-ness of saturday night tv.
@mileycyrus dallas tonight!  i wish i could be there, but i'm in san antonio instead. 
june glooom on a saturday...not so happy i wanted a beach day 
The alexa chung show isnt on until monday!! Wtf!  ----
all done, yay! now just sitting in on a saturday nite  damn recession, grrr!
@richandcreamy, @eyemusing, @vince85: What a delightful evening.  We shall have to do it again sometime.  Also, I think my liver quit.  
saturday night and the tv is rotten 
I don't want my vacation to end on tuesday 
tried to get an iphone this afternon, but at&amp;t in wichita is out.  now counting down the hours until tuesday 
@MapJ83 no we not hirin because we mite b shutting down in september 
@hannahhhp hahaha you missed out last night i wish u would have been there! I work  what about monday or tues?
is driving! A little bored on a saturday and alone  Where shall he go, any suggestions?
@morganmovement what?! Wtf happened?! I'm doing promo for wednesday right now, I'll cll you asap though 
I haven't been out the house since tuesday night  please send me cake and starbucks @JackAllTimeLow
Melsie2005 i've not been out since oct 
cmt music awards re-run &amp; making a goodbye cd for mike  thursday is going to be so hard.but we got one more night-monday at graduation&lt;3
@ddlovato any way we can still get m&amp;g for monday?!? the vip tix are sold ouuuttt i believe  i wanna meett you againnn &lt;3
@SaveSamantha i got nothing to watch now on a monday night  bring it back. also... bring back sarah connor
how goes it on your saturday nite??? getting my son ready 4 bed  another lonely nite
@ray_anthony not really. :/ im sorry i didnt call last night 
@christinatea mac accidentally fell when we were moving some equipment out of the expedition in santa barbara for the show last night 
saturday night fever 
$2.22 in my account til wednesday 
@AlmostEmily yay glad you had fun! ahaha, I didn't even see justin last night 
working on a saturday 
Is having a lame sat nite 
@JesseMcCartney your in montreal tonite and I can't make it cuz i'm stuck in my little town 
Working on a saturday   booooo
@EmaleeF   I haven't been there since thursday and won't be there till tuesday
back to work friday 
hmmm soo bored.... alone on saturday night 
@PoeticTease pleeeeeeease we need you for thursday 
staying home 2nite cuz I'm sick. 
ugh it sucks to be sick.  but i'm resting for my game on monday. woohoo. 
@AlexAllTimeLow alex you're so fuckin cute, I wish I could give you a hug on this boring saturday night  hahah
relaxing on my saturday and whaching hancock nothing else to do 
I can't hang out til next saturday 
On las vegas blvd headed downtown....longest bus ride ever...on a saturday what was si thinkin 
i miss friday cast. 
@iwantblood awww   never fear! september my love @soundsofspring, september ;)
shattered i coudnt go see ruby rose saturday   i miss valona
Last saturday i can ever stay up late for.. 
I really wanted to wear my @NAPPYTABS sweats this wednesday 
loved saturday night tinychat session with @joelbeukelman @joshcagwin @sweet_baby_jane and @SunfallDesigns | internet cut out last min 
@addski0011 you are so annoying..... i waved to you on friday. i was on the bus. you didnt even look 
@HighRankin aah was in brighton yesterday, wish i went last nite! but i had to go home  bet it was big
had a really really rough nite.... now feeling it! 
@jsmith1987 yeh worked there may-sept was fuun!!! yeh i hadnt been fb in ages either was a good night! got a hangover today thou  x
hey, hey, hey! @em_noo and @bekahpretzel if it waited like 5 months, id be old enough. and whats on wednesday? 
is so so so happy dan comes home from hong kong in november, i miss him 
Is dosed up on nodoz and redbull.....shuld have started studying earlier than the nite b4 
had the worst fucking dream last night, me and sam fell off scoffolding and sam was nearly dead 
is gutted its the last supernatural 2nite ov the series 
@theteamcolours damn, just got your message   next saturday good for you?
i cant get my phone til thursday  mommys still buying me fags though XD
thinking about my bestie's graduation on thursday...i might not b able to c it 
in nyc where the internet is expensive  back tuesday
went to detroit fri, came back sat/sun, go to tiffin, oh on mon. for memorial service, pittsburgh tuesday for funeral. 
@aravindkumar ha ha sighing abt weekend gone cuz tomo is monday  
desi's musical on monday. ice cream trip with mads and kate on friday. sleepover with jess on saturday. hell yeah! exams such, though 
desi's musical on wednesday. ice cream trip with mads and kate on friday. sleepover with jess on saturday. hell yeah! exams such, though 
had a nice takeaway last night but now suffering from the brad pitts  
had so much fun with her baby last nite and this mornin.i miss him already...i hate that we cant see eachother that much. 
@sup_ashley I agree I said that last night  I miss going on for us
@stevebalderson we can't do next week at all, we're in centre parcs from this friday to next  xx
bored   I think I'm gonna go watch the rest of that stephen dorff dvd that I fell asleep halfway through watching on friday night, lol
@StephenMulhern was gutted when they didn't perform in newcastle  you were a great host on wednesday
@mrjonadam ...dont you mean tues?? 
great. monday tommorow  as you can probably sense, not a great load of tweets recently. hopefully that'll chnage by tuesday =(
@hnprashanth ohh !! thr was a tweetup today .. didn't know abt it ..too busy sunday for me 
work from 1 To 7 fun fun  steph on friday/saturday? Hopefully
cba with nuttin. last night was baaaaaaaad 
@Lazza1307 i did ask lous but i forgot i have music lessons saturday! 
totally forgot about this crowd's gig last friday  http://vimeo.com/2725174
maan the horrible tuesday again. 
@Kristenn i'm so fucking jealous! I can't get mine until friday! 
@ShantK maaaaaayn! i was there on friday 
Mannn i have games on thursday and friday @ 6  just got our tshirts for summerleague but theyre not that niceee !
@iAmLuca luca i wasn;t even about for friday i fucked up  r  u still @ pompey ?
@sirmattgeorge i dont get to hawaii til thursday 
@WreckWregular Ohand yall left me hangin last night i stayed on yall ustream till 12 
it'll all be ok.. til thursday 
 my cousins are leaving on thursday
fox hills 2 morrow. leaving at 8 am. wont b back til friday. no more twitter 4 me 
wont get to see superstars on thursday!  i wont get my dose of mattitude!
@dweam @thexiaxue @davienne this friday i can't  going dancing. hurhur
Watching the jon&amp;kate from last night... So sad 
why is it so cold in june? 
back is gettin better still need a walker, no good for softball wednesday and im prolly out for the tourney saturday 
santa cruz was soo fun yesterday.. But now i'm bummed i couldn't sleep in 
hasn't seen tyler since last june  he needs to have another event
@jleezy50 omg so it's true? Last night I missed it cuz I was at wrk in manhattan 
groundedd till saturday. 
hangin out w/lil man before he goes out of town friday 
im worried about my brother  he went to berlin on friday/saturday and hasnt let any of us know if hes okay ((
@KickRoxCMB I can't promise we got a grand openin so its hard for me this saturday 
just got my hair cut  almost persuaded my mum to let me go to the saturdays tomorrow but no, coz I'm on my own  reallyyy gutted!
@samalam85 i only need 13K by friday and i am golden. double weak 
@andrewgoldstein is my favorite ahaha miss the friday night boys  blue kelly and blue heather.. good times
@paul_stewart &amp; @holycowcreative i'd LOVE to go to this http://tinyurl.com/dfcbek, but i'll be out of town that week.  
@PrincessMir awww  you leaving me alone in the dark here ... sniff sniff... i'd probably do the same in a bit!  nite nite you you you!
just looked at bus tickets to possibly see the sam bradley show thursday... it costs more than gas!  no @laygum or @pennylucky for me 
guess were not going to warped this friday 
i just watched the jon &amp; kate episode from last night and i want to cry 
Fuckkkkkk,, chanda works until eleven on saturday 
@teebs33 that sucks.  I was considering going to that myself, but I'm less motivated to go out on tuesday nights 
got my tuesdays and wednesdays mixed up 
friday come quick! i'm still craving hot cheetos with cheeeese! and it makes me miss laredo  and their raspas!
@vikassapra aww I can't take off friday or monday. I wanna roadtrip  fml
i want to make the midnight showing of transformers tonight, but idk if i'll make it! 
still waiting for friday 
@kaitlingarren I'll look asap! But not til at least thursday. 
My wifey is leaving me til friday.  i'm going to miss her.
@vscitylights omggg i am so sorry i just got this!    what are you doing possibly on friday?
goin 2 chillz wit nayiris tmrw i will miss her last day i'll ever c her.kentucky is pretty far pero primero se va a nicaragua. 
Nothing to do at san fran at night 
just realized there won't b america's got talent 2morrow nite  but there will be the mentalist!! =D
@heycassadee aww I wish I could go tmrw 
@staceybeeeee im having an effing potluck party this friday  you're not here yettt! 
@theqnbee we goin to hudson on friday but we not goin on saturday 
I left my ipod @ suzys on saturday, I miss it so much 
tear  @sarahblasko announces tour dates-2nd of october in melbourne (my sisters bday)...so I'm unable to attend despite the lengthy wait!
it was sooo foggy on the on the freeway 2nite it was actually scary! 
wishing it was 6am already! i'm tired of working nites   *tori*
@LRon_Jaii gawd wish I had an early nite. I blatently thought it was friday today!!! 
@AndrewBoland whats tuesday? 
@janet_kildare 'cos it was SO gross &amp; I figured, hm, 21st week, be adventurous charlotte. I have a fringe. It looks awful today 
watching friday the 13th..... i'm scared as fuck... wish i had alex 
@djksly oh gosh..too late ...I'm dying...I'm blind one eye already..what u doin now? I gotta leave in morn 
@shayonpal @realin @mohakprince i am not so sure i will be able to make it this saturday 
still ache from the accident on tuesday...just waiting for the assessors to ring me to let me know if the mx-5 is a write off or not 
i wish its saturday already.. 
@Crazedteensie not sure if I am going on friday 
Transformers 2 is already sold out for friday night  This sucks lol
@sweetcarolinexo i wish you could stay over on saturday, guess what amy and i had a fight 
I keep thinking its friday 
@TaperJeanGirl same haha well until franz play on saturday 
i keep thinkin todays friday 
still unwell!!!  ...... a week til I hit sunny egypt with emma wooop wooop! x
I don't want saturday to come 
sad that its sch to rain in west palm for my concert saturday 
@imbenmills_wtf what a calamity! I'm working friday-sunday  need the money! I am in need of a party though!!
@_sinequanon aw where r u?  berlin gay pride is on saturday and i'll be in berlin on saturday haha (kings of leon concert). fun fun 
@DevinaRenata i was crying out loud last night when dea called me. I'm so sad kak 
@_sinequanon hm that sucks. why is it so late in hamburg?  you should totally come to berlin on saturday 
someone should hang out with me today/tonight. i'll be in st pete friday and saturday night 
...still ill since last sunday.  but however, it's time to prepare for next set: sat, june 27th 20.00 cet @ airfiel grossenhain (ger)
@shaun__smith you were so amazing in birmingham yesterday! you waved to us;) i really want to go again next week in brum but its sold out 
@marcvibbert i'm not sure, the last train on friday is at 3 and the first 1 on saturday wouldnt have me there til almost 1... 
@AmieLR i know  stupid thursdays! lol
@ShaunahFuegen I can't haz kittenz tonite?? 
@LatishaBechkos awe that's craapppy  hmm.. i'll tell you friday (; ??  omg i hate thunder haha !
@ycsing that's nicki our monday night drag queen... 
can't wait to see cody wednesday  i love my boyfrieeennd
@andreasauwaerte @cristinacost @wollepb I'll do my best, sharing pic as well,  but it will be on saturday, before that, working  THANKS!!
yayayayay. I get to not work friday and actually go to my grandparents 
@JPLS I'm goin to see him in september 
leaving amsterdam for venice (after madrid and barcelona) ... can't believe it's only been a week.. 2.5 wks to go 
@marcammann yah, hope so  btw. if you want to, we could do dinner this thursday
@nekorin87 actually, i haven't had much time to read. &gt;.&lt;&quot; let you know tomorrow if you should bring in the manga on thursday? 
@landonjumpoff  i work wed, thurs, friday and i think sunday. 
is going out with lauren (Y) ,, friday = efron&amp;rach&amp;sleepover. saturday = mcfly&amp;rach  eeee!
@ChristinaCorso i love mondays because i get to go to the pub 
back to hometown this coming saturday. so excited.!!! 
just watched chris moyles quiz night from last night! alan carr is too funny! he's the best 
@DaveSpoon love it man, going too see prodigy friday then you at cream sunday! 
the easter is coming to town! 
@sidneymohede u can suggest to follow other people on fridays... it's called follow friday... 
hanging out with my dad! I get to make a myspace!  I'm so excited! just got off of itunes.... just hanging out! It's a friday night lol
@Sweetnote just wanted to say  hey , hope your friday is going well 
man already saturday i cant sleep  congrats on keisha and her bf dean going to be on tv soon!
very tired after last nite and my aunties over lol 
making posters for tuesday 
Working out, laying out, maxing out my card, balleting out, partying out... god a nice lil saturday planned 
rockin it out on saturday 
saturday  slept in and i really needed it! thinkin about some starbucks today!
loves waking up at noon. lol  lazy saturday gotta get ready for a bbq
@caldjr oh dear not good on a saturday. hope you njoy your dinner and then have a relaxing evening 
Going on location today  soo excited! Even though it is saturday...
@0amityville0 lol kay. I'm excited for friday!! 
gahh....tiredish...stayed up too late last night .-. oh well...leaving to go out to eat soon  got a new tv so i get the old one 
@MichaelaRose13 haha being bored on a saturday is not funn....haha i learned the hoedown throwdown while bored earlier 
@nidserz trying to come back monday but most prob wed! already counting days for atlantis 
@DJDapps hope ur having a gd night loveeee  x
silva is about to fight! whoo hoo! and i just ordered norton! good night 
sean is the dummiest. and i had a great saturday 
@de_ceptacon 8| wait! friday-saturday??? 
ok, I really am going to go to bed before midnight  it's 11:46 and I'm going. idk if I will actually fall asleep before midnight though...
saturday night cramming. productivity, ftw. 
just ate korean bbq for dinner with elaine and jj. kickarse day 
@shannyrpi no  whose on the bill 2nite?
@shonali miracle of god, few people said gud morning n few gud night 
not enough sleep/ dying my hair/ laundry/ packing  boston tomorrow, orlando tuesday and wednesday, and west palm the rest of the week(:
driving kate and sarah back to london...spending tonight in brantford...back to hamilton monday morning 
@mandasumi i less-than-three you lots. friday was awesome, so glad we caught up 
is heading to london tommorow till wednesday to see wrestling at the o2 if anyone fancys meeting up for a drink through the day txt us! 
@mpc1301 it was emma willard's prom last night 
back in sunny lisbon yeahh!!! had a great weekend playing in malta &amp; norway. tomorrow i will be in the studio doing a track with jacinta 
is in the lab after an activity filled saturday! 
Has a blast last nite at dennys will all my new frands!!!! 
@JackAllTimeLow i love new orleans  im going there friday!
getting ready for wolverhampton tommorow 
@johnrobb77 mmm, an evening in manchester. i dont know if i can resist you 
@jamie_oliver came back to uni this weekend   hope u had a good wknd!
organising my trip abroad for june. volunteering and doing drawing in france 
@paige_dula mornin happy monday 
was in victoria this morning and tonight im in sydney. 
here we come californiaaaaaaaaaa   .. bday on wednesday!!
ty david bowie for making my morning 
just relaxing, listening to mcfly and thinking of the concert from last saturday 
hey guys .. it was great seeing y'all in clinton on friday! bless up  b
i went skydiving on saturday and it really is like riding a bike... it comes right back to you. and with that, I'm back  i love skydiving!
@jamesraukete i promise i will tell ya on thursday 
@EWWS saw you guys at attraction/reaction last friday! left early? 
going to see derren brown this saturday 
@RickyAnderson hiii  sad we didnt bowl last nite
@aileen2u2 lol - nite nite  sweet dreams and I'll chat with you tomorrow!
@Remelyn hey rem, if you can bring one guest tomorrow or wednesday imma give u a special bonus 
I've have thursday and friday off this week  That means it's soon weekend for me  http://twitpic.com/3pe6m
@rustyrockets saw russell at the o2 friday,amazing!i was in sydney when he was there but couldnt get tickets!mischievous,spontaneous 
@sambrewster i wil be friday I think, im bak in lincs tomo, but i have a mate over so weds and thurs are dead days. 
another shoot in town tommorow  more live shots on friday, of impulse11 and toyk, maybe ghosts. sunday (L)(L)(L)
@leslie_nassar only likely if i walk past crown on a saturday night 
@wisequeen feb not fen 
new notebook arrive friday (i hope) 
p.s. some loose ends with site launches.  one is in my abw sig, they will be announced on monday 
I am sleepin good tonite! 
designer garage sale on william st today!!! hello harry highpants!!!  sooooo indie
@sewkatie the follow friday is a way for tony to let other ppl know you are cool and they should follow you 
cant wait for tom night!! 
is home for a beautiful saturday in sydney 
i'm freaken exhausted! vegas tomorrow to work w/ali our coordinator  yay! it's official... june 13th!
Bout to lay donw on the couch with booo. Ddint leave all night 
Gmorning!  sun outside - happy saturday!
@Lakeithea   - how was ur friday?
http://twitpic.com/4e3mp - When i get bored on a friday night.. I create 
lazy saturday   finally getting some rest!
 @missgigip @liveguy lol hushhhhhh haha i was here to say nite nite
have my tickets 2 &quot;star trek&quot;'s first screentime showin on thursday night  cant wait 4 that either
another good nite tomorrow bro's birthday bash! bbq and heated pool!  text
Getting n my LazyBoy thus to snooze 4 awhile. Nitey nite 
Yay its sunny again  hannah montana the movie today eith @XsarahX93 and beth
Yay its sunny again  hannah montana the movie today with @XsarahX93 and beth
definitely needs to go to bed... wow late night... gotta love fridays 
having an easy night and watching old eps of october road on dvd...bryan greenberg 
man saturday night tv is boring, gonna go read. 
@ash_CT  Thanks for yesterdays follow friday 
@thescript I'm going in october ,is it nice?  x
@le_marietta i didnt check  keep on havin a nice weekend ;)
good morning every1!!!!! im up early on a saturday... what a shocker!!! 
Last night a dj saved my life, katie is my dj 
@joannalovesyou1 lmao jack and alex were cuddled together last night 
is going to have a nice, productive saturday 
saturday...it's saturday...sat-ur-dayyyy ayyyy ayyy ayyyyyyy!!! hugh baby, here i come 
up early on a saturday?? madness! 
@IrvdaRealdeal it's was cool hoping 2nite will better thx4 asking 
I might be getting a saturday ticket for leeds 
have a wonderful saturday! 
@AllisonOfficial I know it's not follow friday anymore, but I would like to be followed too! 
katy perry at crawfish tonight 
in the caf  last nite was successful. lol
wolverine...then chinese...what a great saturday 
slept late, so nice  last saturday of freedom before wedding madness begins!
john 11-13 for wed!!! and bring your $7 if your coming to see x-men at belltower friday! 
@mitchelmusso only i month more!! june 2!!? 
best night evuhh  SPRINKLES SPRINKLES SPRINKLES! kay staying up all night papers to write mmm hmm yah
watching saturday night live... best of amy poehler 
I cannot wait to see my brothers&amp;sass on friday 
@rosehwang thnx for callin me good people...#followfriday on sunday for you  tweet me up sometime
i miss my babe =( but he comes back this friday yey 
jus gettin in. tonight was a good night.  ha.
back from saturday homeshow in quesnel. had forgotten how much i love talking with customers. good times meeting mike and his milf. 
went to see the hannah montana movie on friday and it was busy coz first day it came out 
im not going to sleep tonight. i dont wanna. i can listen to music alllll night long   hopefully get my nose ring tommorrow. =]
tonite was awesome. had a blast. nite nite. 
wooh, amnest gig on tuesday. 
soo crazy hungover but was a great nite 
@hellobaileylol we will be in june! 
had fun lastnight prom was amazing 
@archuletachick omg we should. im going to. lol. and wednesday is hanson day 
cheer..duh! the tryouts start tues! ah! 
Just got a hey monday shirt 
@mjsutherland we were totaly panninied on fridays 
Is an official fiji and staying overnight in london tonight 
@dharma_punx right now at least until friday. hopefully you will bring the sunshine with you 
@tweetles Lol I know, well nite nite for now  (hugs)
@JoseOmar i'm not from there but i will definitely go to see you guys on tuesday 
ahh~~  que suNburn!!  i think ima go to sleep early 2nite,...  nyc see u on friday  ay partyyyy!!
haven't watched tv in a few weeks. turned it on last nite, decided it was stupid, and turned it off. 
@glamourzombie I just put our friday nite pics up on myspace! 
@Helenea46 i am and u should! i see crusty demons on the 30th in australia then the next weekend i see pink in australia  in sydney!
@mizleilei gotcha...how's about lunch this friday? 
@DumbLittleBunny  newbies.. malakai and thanh li were stirring up trouble last night. loved it. you should read malakai's bi. i loved it. 
sucking cock tonite 
@RealBillBailey good moring mr bailey, it is my birthday today 
I like airports.  I can't fucking wait until friday! I want it to be friday right freakin now!
yay, joss is coming over on saturday   
night out had 2 b put on hold 4 2 weeks coz i was so ill last nite, gutted! still had a nice nite tho  but whers the sun gone!
@saraesse right on!  i'm 29 myself... i turn 30 in october. i think that pretty much makes us awesome 
cant wait for thursday! 
@wajeeha i hope you knew its due tuesday 
weathers let me down this morning...ugh!...hada gd nite tho! 
I'm still pumped from the concert saturday. 17/7/09 here i come 
@rossyflossy haha i get my senior license next friday!!!! 
@gay_emo_zac and a good morning from france to my zaccie 
graduates college on saturday 
@capemaybooks alright don't want you to overdue it now. LOL you are funny  nite nite
what a fantastic saturday 
finals tuesday and thursday, home friday 
@JonathanRKnight Going so soon? I was hoping to hear late nite humor from you.... 
Going to fold laundry and then hit the sack. I have boring saturday evenings 
watching saturday night live; justin timberlake hosts 
no clubs...no parties...ive spent my friday and saturday night workin on music and am quit content 
i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning 
Finally home, watching saturday night live, then dreaming about my amanda boo 
In bed after a good last saturday in ec. I'm gonna miss this place but can't wait til summer 
Planing on going on a little ride on the mtb on monday  may be in over to the tower...
thursday night was amazing taylor swift gave me one of her braclets 
just got eminem tix for friday 
having my hair dyed today  ugh im bored. still tired from friday lol. swear down bossman ;)
xhausted after an amazing nite at the w.house corr.dinn--whatta nite!! zzz twitterland 
@zuppalizzle you should come over before friday and teach me how 
http://twitpic.com/4wt8a - pretty damn good friday night 
yay, short stack episode 20 is being recorded on tuesday 
@poynterlubz okays  x so im guessing u liked the gig on friday  x
@EmmaaDude i cant move very much either,where abouts were you on friday.I was right at the front.  well nearly. xD
washington dc tomorrow 
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees! the friday night boys album - june 9th, i cant wait! 
had a blessed weekend!  http://plurk.com/p/sy3hh
@deexbee hahahah i actually wanted to have a memorial day wknd bbq thing on like the saturday before? so we'll seeee 
follow me im going to the junior olympics in june 
can't wait until thursday! 
@dudeman718 i'm going crazy! i leave for nyc tomorow. haven't packed, but i need you to pimp out my guest on @the404 next fri! 
@KayleenDuhh I can't waitttt for friday 
i love mondays, tomorrow is a jonas teeshirt dayyyy 
@timlawler - yay - you heard me.    all is well.  hubby defended thesis on friday - committee voted unanimously to accept as is. wow, eh?
Is happy that its my friday 
watching the friday trilogy 
@pukeyo english was totezz fun :| at least we don't have it next tuesday cause we on strikeeeeeee 
going to bed!! excited bout friday/saturday! i won't take shit from nobody, i'm stayin with them and that's it!! 
jessie i am going to sleep now babe i will catch up with u tomorrow hugs --good nite all 
last nite was awesome  lovvvvves flashdance
i hope to watch their concert at the mall of asia this saturday 
exhausted. finally had a night of talking to hustlers.  tomorrow will be great. friday will be great. i'm going to bed. &lt;3 ya followas.
@bibirjahe ucu ucu,hrs aku peluk yaa biar bs tdr? :p ayank I'm coming tomorrow, yay yay  I'll see u bsk syg 
@TrishxthexFish i mayyyy be able to.. i might be in san jose that day BUT wednesday (ambassador dinner) for sure and i'll keep you posted 
setting up for dj paul webster + guests this saturday 16th. bangin night 
@c_davies good morning, its exactly the same here in munich, but they are building a whole house here 
@epic_ellen thanks for coming on msn  see you monday [which when mixed with wednesday is one day.]
@amandasunly haha as in friday night??hmm maybe, i'll update u k 
@ddlovato i love you so much!! im so excited to see you on june 15 at wembly!! maybe ill even meet you !! please reply 
woop thursday... nearly the weekend 
moving tomorrow, we havnt even finished packing. ha  superdooper excited for saturday but i need to talk to racccchie!
@emilypowers but if it was friday we would have already watched it 
@audreygiselle nah thats chill love  but i'll see you soon!! what are you guys doing tomorrow night? x
mornin!!!  thursday already?
we don't have friday!!!!!!!!!!! yay~!~!~!~!~!~!~!~! 
so, last friday i walked home with emma, colton, and ryan  and so then we got to my house, and hung out there for awhile 
My friday &lt; your thursday 
@nj_joe good morning 
a little 3eb in hampton tonight 
@krystlee thats still this friday! I wont forget it  How is the hotel?? I bet you're wearing a beautiful dress!  haha
@AlexAllTimeLow don't worry alex, all of your fans love you! we understand  can't wait to see you guys in st paul tomorrow night!!!!
@continuum_q5 exactly :he definately was  have a fantastic nite
@melissawren we definitely can, we can do anything mon-friday, ps you should go to the 9am service &lt;3 you 
@502MS thank yooouuu  tomorrow a club is throwin a party for my bday, so ima pop bottlesss all night 
@kelly_rowland ......heyyy where u partying 2nite??? if u r  
@SeanRuiz on board  what's good 2nite
saturday night live is comin on soon! yay 
@IamSpectacular damn spec wheres ur stamina at?! lmao u can't hang huh....well good night 
@mitchelmusso  My saturday was amazing!  I got to meet you 
im rly tired now so ill b in bed til bout 1 in the aftr noon......nite!!! 
that was a good nite, now goodnight 
Finally home...good nite! 
had a nice, if tame and early finishing, nite out last nite 
@Jonasbrothers have fun in south america .. can you please announce your australian tour dates soon?? 
http://tr.im/ly6O who didnt hear yet the song that wins last night the grand prix eurovision song contest 2009? here you go 
is 16 on tuesday 
YES... i am 18 on tuesday! 
roma next tuesday, birthday on wednesday 
@Javamomma I'm good  had a lovely saturday!so much fun.. prom was amazing!  what u been up to?
@anggeh june is like winter in australia 
OFFLINE! bbye guys.. cy'all on friday evenin. 
@ASinisterDuck lucky  i am off thursday friday tho ;)
sundays u tend to be lazy....mondays ...more lazier 
@halcyonmountain hello , i am ok, first part after a mounth last night, really good party , and it's not raining in belgium hopefully 
currently &quot;pay tv&quot; by laurent garnier is playing in the 2nd hour of my program today ! 
staying in northants till thursday now! 
workin' 5-close again tonight, great party last night... doing the net rounds then must update my non-ipod mp3 player 
feelin banged up... so glad its sunday for laziness and yay no school tomorrow!  been overall a great bday weekend &lt;3
@sup_ashley it was great running into u at the m&amp;g last night 
going to play with jenn and lindsay in columbus till tuesday 
http://twitpic.com/5dhal - the coolest kids at the concert friday 
http://twitpic.com/5dhak alex gaskarth and me from last night 
i wrote a song yesterday and i almost started crying cuz its about alex blom lol 
sunday dinner  then brooklyn till tuesday with kelster and the girls!!
@MsKareenaV thanks girly!  grinding, trying to make it work still! no shows for the summer but S/S 2010 in oct/nov launching. Whats new??
@BuzzEdition anywhooo... my philospophizin minnd workin overtime. wayy 2 deep for sunday nite i think! get on back to work now!  hehehe.
@JuliaBronwyn mos def.  lauren watered them tonight, but ill be sure to do it tomorrow morn'.
@DavidArchie i can't wait to see you on tuesday and wednesday  haha i'm trying to pick out outfits now. what are you wearing? lol
@brydielonie havent looked any where else since, but i may be going to that lucia place in st kilda this saturday  i want that one we saw!
No woooooork tomorrrow&amp;tuesday 
should be studying but instead off to bed. i move out on friday! 
@amypaffrath whaaaat?! wow! not really surprised. they called it a night? giiirl, donnie's at the pool. goooo! 
@atampa I'm not in chicago yet silly! I leave friday! But I do have long hair 
has 4 weeks to wait until brisbane/sydney  watch out eastern states!
@prettierpixels i think so? i don't know... i'm getting mine on tuesdays and fridays! 
@nobbypisswick thanks  just not nice ona monday mornin is it!!
races this saturday  members lounge wew
cant wait for the college camping trip on wednesday 
ahh. off on thursday and friday  time for more Fallout3
omg i think im sick...prolly am wat wit being in da rain all saturday...shit mann lol but hey last monday of skool 2day!!! YAY!! 
going to the zoo on friday! yay! oh and aths on thursday... high jump 
@jwloh HAHA nah on wednesday/thursday 
loved lady gaga on rove last nite 
@theandykaufman are you going to be at the elvis week festivities in memphis this august? 
and fanime this saturday!  yay~
i have a second interview with M.A.C cosmetics on friday. holllllly smokes. say your prayers for me. PLEASEEE! 
@MakramBAG It was great! friday white, saturday orchid, and yesterday riviera! I love the beach  you?
i'm waaay to excited for friday now 
yay, for moday! this is my friday! 
Is still recovering from saturday, who new dancin on crutches could still be fun  x
@mihelic wooo margarita monday I want in on that! lol 
says good eve..  http://plurk.com/p/uk9xw
morning! i feel really bad aha. on alice mac :o confusing! alicccceeeeeee 
@joshtastic1 Sounds like a good way to spend a monday (:....i hate mondays  x
@RamonAtQUEST i'll find out this thurs! 
@reemisradd aww. its alright. saturday then 
just eating daimcake, ruta will sleep over here on friday. seing forwards to it! 
@JoshyCouture nigga don't try me..i turned 19 saturday! nxt wknd is when i'm going out..lameeeee joshy, lamee!! 
@iheartlambert yeaah, she's awesome. i'm seeing her in june!  so excited!
just bought my jewellery  for prom  can't wait now its only on friday  ! !
can't wait for wednesday! cross your fingers for a sunny wednesday 
U r welcome  btw, starting my baltic sea cruise next friday 
i'm takin it easy this morning cuz the hubby had me out late lastn nite 
just woke up. yey for having no classes on friday!!! 
@alydenisof yep u did  still friday here in australia for another several long hrs
Going to work late tmrw. So staying up tonighttttt! 
its friday again!  awesome!
@casanadralove have a fun friday and a great performance on saturday i hope you videotape it so i can watch 
@Sperly  wow, I just realized it is friday 
actually its already friday, so yeah 
@xwidep thank you for the follow friday rec 
@ellyboulton xtraviganzer@aol.com  can't wait to see you on saturday!!
@lyn_sea this one would be good late night watching as well. You'll have to review it once it's in the uk 
@CaramelloTweet its ok you won't have to deal with anymore of me by tuesday... i bet you're looking forward to it 
@fastidiousbabe same to you have a happy friday 
@blobz its been out since tuesday. 
its only bloody friday! 
@nopstrup Do come to the signin etc. for #dccph. Might not be as geeky as the rest of the weekend but it will definitely be social 
@MasStip I woke up at ard 1pm :p so far my friday's been very rainy. How's urs? 
bus is booked 4 next wekend...so lookin 4rd 2 the country festival 
Working on a friday just isn't right! Thanks god I'm going home shortly. 
I lol'd =D - http://twurl.nl/xb243c ... And good morning! 
it's friday woot !  .. ottawa next wed &lt; 3
good morning!!!! fun friday, fantastic friday, flirtty friday, fanny friday, phenomenal friday, fetish friday, frends friday, fuck friday 
@ddjango such a nice foggy friday, and then you scare the shit out of me. As always: thanks  for  humanityundersiege http://rense.com/ ...
it's friday!!!  
@jerricklim haha! they're not over yet! got contract on thursday, but after that no more!! i'm relaxing now already 
@TikytaSyarani hehehehehehehe we miss u too tikitataw! Hopefully we could meet up in june! 
@tudoradam cheers dude - hope friday is working out for ya 
Its friday woop woop going camping tonight 
@kellydmahaffey mornign!! happy friday 
it looks really nice outside so far.... happy friday 
it's friday yay whop whop  
its friday 
So glad it's friday.  #followfriday @stacoo @brianmott @leeweiss @kooljeffrey @klatzke @xdrewxduhx @queenpsycho @jtorch1020 
yay its friday &amp; a long weekend  woohoo !!
friday! kindergarten, ymca, friday night five 
It is friday  and I awoke with a smile
i'm up  .... it's friday.... YAY
heeeeey, it's friday 
its FRiiiiiiiiiiiiiDAY!! okay for any1 that is working on a friday, repeat after me....&quot;Fridays are for attendence purposes only&quot; 
last friday of school for me  no more dreadful fridays! 
Goooooooooodddddddd moooooooooorrrrrnnnnnniiiiinnnnnngggggg  It's friday twittas!
so, friday is finally here! 
@Henaxxru yeep, finish at 12:55 on fridays 
It's friday at last! 
Just buyed 2 new high heels...I love them ?_? One for the wedding of my cousin next saturday and one to just wear and feel good 
@joelmegee me and @chrisvanb...wednesday...danbarry cinemas...chillicothe.  You in? 
@sociaIIyawkward - oooo well YAY its friday for you !  ....
doin skool with the bestie. only for 2 hours today cuz its friday yay 
worked it out again this morning! feelin it but feelin good! can't wait to see katie &amp; nick today!! 
@BeautiifuLGirL i have to say, it's kinda cute  REALLY? YAAA!! but arrg that's a sunday... friday was better but anyways, they're comming
This weekend: bathtubpiracy.com @ canvas 2nite, saturday teach danceclass, birthday @ vondelpark, dum-dum.nl and sunday: wemashville.com 
friday - how I used to love you 
is sooooo happy its friday! 
@MariahCarey hope you're having a great nyt  are you going to perform on saturday??
@jdelorenzo where are the pics? i won't believe u went last nite until i see them 
UNfollow friday. got 1 on my list -- toodaloo, booboo 
Its friday and not on 24x7 standby....drink for me tonight.. 
@enzoguerrero loved it  haha i only get to watch on fridays now!!!! :|
i feel so silly today..maybe cuz its friday 
@xxVINICIUSxx obg pelo follow friday 
@captainpanway you arent looking forward north korea vs. world? .....at least we have roller girls to watch on saturday 
cant wait for saturday 
cannot wait until thursday, friday and saturday  fun times
great pics. u r so handsome :-P have a great wednesday. we will, cause it stopped raining 
grrrrr...i didnt get to go...maybe friday 
@Hals7747 well it should be fun.  i hope i get to go this friday to see thmdk!
@pauladeasis why what's with saturday?isn't it great? 
goog morning germany 
@imthedude til thursday 
@plasticmartyr Bitch, it is NOT follow friday....slow your roll. 
I can not wait until friday. 
cant wait for friday! 
+@teemonster wednesday ending here. say goodbye tee 
@nevershawnnever is tuesday 
Wishing I didn't respond to a text...I don't like when certain ppl make me feel a certain way  nite-nite beeotch's...
guess wat! @sayloudshoutsam is performing next wednesday, june the 3rd  along with @thecoryjohn . im pretty excited 
iz happy i don't have to go to school this friday 
in seattle.  leaving for alaska tomorrow
prom on saturday!! 
@AdubbFFamous Heyyyy! can't wait to see you guys at northwestern on saturday 
i love thursdays  at in n outtt!
@TheChurchGirl love u more good nite 
@_ashul think I will second that #friday motto! 
good. nite. all. 
@gotlove4dc3 lmao... you got that. so when do we start? i`m available all night 
@Hollydey24 mhmmm i do i do!! i think i have next saturday off too, so it's perfect 
cheer on saturday 
@illingsworth peep culture king on saturday 
Enjoying my night watching movies &amp; relaxing with donnie &amp; brandon 
is glad its friday 
mann, gotta do homework and study! at least tomorrow is friday 
@RachelLock22 wicked!  i hope hes somewhere on wednesday haha
@Ryleez  good its friday 
@paulwallbaby tha nite its beautiful 
wale will be on carson daly tomorrow night 
supersunny friday..looking forward for an extra-long weekend . luv it 
Finally its friday  Yeppi 
hangin' with jon  what's going on tomorrow?
@5ummer: Awwww...for once, I'm speechless 
ohhh its friday  and tis going to be nice weather yayy! sunbathing is in order me thinks. hah.
off to IGNITIONS friday night live!!! cant wait 
Siap2 mau ke bandung! Weehee degdegdegdeg wish me luck for tomorrow and sunday,ppl! 
@girl__friday i can't remember spelling of place but if you check out www.skydive.ie it's listed there 
have a freaking good friday nite peeps esp @justads @pottymouthmama and techno wiz today  @dzgraphicdesign...and @DHughesy - will they??
It's follow friday!! 
indulging in a packet of tim tams and camomile tea. but it is friday night  tv stay-in night....too cold
#followfriday @grentone  for giving me the most #tweeps to follow in a friday 
@nessie_111 woohoo, good friday for you then 
follow friday @redta @StanSmithCIA @sarahdiddle @SpitfireJon @ponet #follow friday funny ppl except 4 me :'( but i find funny stuff&amp; post 
