Most common words for this cluster:
[('friends', 625), ('com', 12), ('lol', 11), ('http', 7), ('p', 6), ('u', 6), ('facebook', 5), ('haha', 4), ('plurk', 4), ('ah', 4), ('someone', 3), ('amp', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'friends', 0.9999915957450867), (u'acquaintances', 0.7330294847488403), (u'friend', 0.7103045582771301), (u'buddies', 0.7027595043182373), (u'pals', 0.6821718811988831), (u'relatives', 0.6533873081207275), (u'girlfriends', 0.6147039532661438), (u'family', 0.6135658621788025), (u'grandparents_aunts_uncles_cousins', 0.6047292947769165), (u'freinds', 0.592985212802887)]





i miss my bcd friends 
whitout friends 
why do friends feast while you are on fast 
I miss one of my friends 
can't find any friends here 
Ufff, they`re all now offline (my moldavian friends) 
still cant find any of my friends 
can't find any friends on here 
I have no friends 
@xosophietweets ahh :S i dnt know what to say....i'm friends with all you guys i dnt like this 
can't find my friends! 
its all b/c his friends play with them. 
I want my friends baaacck 
It's sad that I'm tweeting when I don't have any friends on here... 
where are all my friends???  
I'm so sad, when I realized that I not stayed enough with my friends 
@nicolesimons he is friends with Christian. 
missing all my friends 
wow, i have absolutly no friends 
so i was kicked out from your top friends? 
i miss my friends. 
bored and missing my friends 
i need friends 
it would be much better if all my friends would be here... 
As recently realised who my true and loyal friends are 
will miss my friends 
@emsli is a LIAAAAAAAAAAAAR!! I thought we were friends  !!
still cant find any friends on here 
@Kizzle3 i wish you could too!!  i have no bsb friends around me ugh!
is sad.. has no real friends on here  haha
is really upset about close friends moving 
@RaachelNunez  sorry i hate friends that are bitchers!
So much going on =/ my friends at school got in a fight and are not friends anymore and i barely see one of my friends anymore 
missing my friends 
I really miss my friends! 
@ayoobitch i thought we were friends, are you gettin rid of me?  , lol
i really miss my friends!! 
I miss my friends 
I can't find any of my friends on this 
friends i'm sorry i failed all your how-well-do-you-know-me quizzes 
i need friends  im so lonely
Wishing I had friends to entertain me. 
@afzalALMIGHTY  no friends? how sad 
Getting yelled at for texting and filming.  my friends hate me.
@sahiraa But you spam me too, and I continue following because I like to know what my friends are up to. 
i miss my friends.  i miss them. really.
I wish my friends were on here. 
why doesn't any of friends call me to hangout anymore 
i miss my real friends.. 
All of my friends are moving! Ah! 
I miss my friends 
I have no friends 
where on earth I have been until I don't know who is she anymore. it feels like friends become strangers 
Making new friends instantly, but losing them just as fast 
Wishing I could be cornholing with my friends on facebook. 
i wish more of my friends were on here 
i really could use my friends 
why is it that i find new friends to hang out with when we are all about to leave 
 i need some friends
http://twitpic.com/5546i - i miss my friends... 
Has no friends on tweeeter! 
Sometimes my friends aren't very nice 
I lost one of my best friends. 
I miss my friends 
sitting here with 2 of my best friends katie and kristen we are very bored! 
@simonkirkman I don't no how to use this  and I have no friends except u!!
i miss one of my friends badly. 
missing my woodbridge friends 
i'm missing my friends 
I miss my friends. 
@hnprashanth @dkris I was out to my native for my friends and cousins marriage so couldn't make it 
@westlifebunny I only remember some of my elementary friends 
I'm already missing some of my friends 
has no friends 
@Shawnieceqb i had 2 find new friends 
i feel like all my closest friends hate me 
@ddlovato &quot;and my best friends, you know who you are&quot; that's the bad, I know that I can't be one of that best friends  anyway I love you;)
missing my friends... 
 I want all my friends back.
inggit  can't join friends' gimik in pinas
is missing being with her friends. 
I miss my senior friends 
 Where are my friends
Feeling a little sad that most of her friends are attending IALLT and I'm not.   
is feeling quite distant from her friends 
It just hit me that one of my best friends here is moving 
My friends are ignoring me 
is sad that i never get to see my friends anymore... 
This isn't fair. I shouldn't have to pick between friends. 
@abhorredlife this happened to one of my friends, sorry 
I think i need some new friends 
bored well its not like any one can see this i havent got any friends 
#asylm yay registered but lost all my friends 
It looks as though I am sick little friends 
@kakoivisto checked with the hubster and I think we'll pass -- feeling too lazy to caravan after running around with our friends. 
I don't think my friends like me anymore  (via #zenjar )
I just love when all my little brothers friends come over 
I have no friends 
Waiting for friends to call or email me bleh i feel unloved 
depressed; my best friends pissed @ me 
I miss my friends so much 
I miss one of my best friends 
@megspptc i am hurt that @_CrC_  is following you and some of my other friends but not me 
@BenDeming do you blame me?? I've alrealy lost 3 friends.  sigGOEShere;)
i'm just realizing friends is over 
just talking with my friends, eating, finally! I'm very very hungry  ..
I need friends 
Hanging out with my friends just isn't the same without @steenajay 
@tatrtalk   I know what it's like to be far away from friends.  It sucks.
All my good friends aren't online 
http://twitpic.com/68uuj - friends @ our soccerfield that making me suffering 
is thinking some of her friends are very good friends after all 
missing my friends so badly 
The picnic is off  my friends cant make it 
wishing some of my friends were actually on here so i could talk to them 
my friends is soooo lame 
I really miss my friends. I can't see them because they're so far away. 
i'm bored... no friends available  that's sad
missing carrollton....and all my friends 
i love friends but bieng friends with someone i like is killing the extaticness out of me 
I hate when friends don't show 
My friends just left 
trying to find my friends on here...where are they????? 
hillary's friends are mean 
@Sherksgirl haha - i need some new friends - my friends here suck!! and i cant dance 
i wish i had friends 
my friends not call me  !!!!
sometimes i just need my friends around... 
I miss my friends 
I hate it when friends die 
I miss my friends, i don't want to go to school again, but i want to see my friends 
I guess it's tru that when you grow up you grow apart from your friends...I never thought it would happen but it's starting to 
I love all of my friends. Even though i never really get to see them 
@sleeakgirl i don think i hav any friends on here anymore 
i really miss my friends right now..like every single one of them  random...
I miss my friends. 
my friends don't do twitter  sadd
one of my best friends just left and I miss her already! 
@lizluvsJK they were and i couldn't do much about it  being at my friends house prevented me from tweeting
i dont even think i have close friends over there 
i miss my old friends! 'HANDS'  you guys are my best friends forever and always! ilygsdm! ^^
@laubow_ my friends have started calling me casper 
One of my new friends just left 
i miss my friends 
lawl. I miss my friends already  beach with rucker ;D
@reneengstrom did they seriously JUST send this out because that's completely ridiculous  I'm supposed to have a table with some friends
superrr boredd...all my friends aree busyy or havee basketball 
I just had to let go of one of my best friends, ignatius. 
  friends dying is just horrible.
is missing her friends from poynter 
says i lost some friends  http://plurk.com/p/xlb5c
i has no friends 
i have no friends 
@roflucy i wish i was with you lucy. i have no friends   hahah
i have no friends 
i want to see my friends again. 
i wish we were better friends! 
i want to see my friends  i miss them..
@antstrants oh no!  have mine. they're worse than having no friends
I just heard that one of my friends passed away. R.I.P. 
I need some more twitter friends. 
@DAlexLewis naw, so apparantly I'm either slow or just sheltered, some of my other friends have used it before too 
realizing i have like 3 friends 
I just came out as kinky to one of my oldest friends and he told me he can't be friends with me anymore. I'm so sad.  
@lessthanthreeme it IS amazing! I just don't have too many friends who like him, haha 
@BigRed74 Brownies and you didn't share?  We are soooooo not friends anymore.  
i miss my friends! 
I really don't like that all my friends are leaving 
I'm not going out anymore my friends suck   after I got dress and evrything
wondering why one of my best friends went poof.i miss you leah 
@ddlovato haha!! i was belive in him  until my friends speculate about it 
I work so often, 85% of my friends have become strangers. 
i miss my friends.....  .....
@SonnyLovato then i guess i have 0 true friends 
Why I am not like them?   .. it's so interessting. I think we'll be good friends. 
Trying to twitter to my friends.  It's not working  
I can't believe i'm the only one out of all my friends who has a twitted 
Oh, I wish I had friends on #ikariam.  
i miss my old friends ... but don't know why 
I want friends 
I hate to realize that some friends are not real friends.. what's up bestie  ??
@mickbetancourt ok maybe I don't want to be friends with you 
i know i worry too much over friends but i just want to be there to hug them and i cant 
And i'm so busy! I want to see my friends.. 
@usecondoms how was it? all of our friends are leavingggg 
@KalenMaxwell I thought we were friends? 
Longing to chill out with friends... It will never happen! 
watching friends because I can't sleep 
@CalebPoling I like it better where my friends are 
i Miss all my friends, 
i suddenly got that feeling of missing all of my friends  i'm so emo hahaha
We are just friends. I choose you. Just tell me what you want me to do. 
i just want to be best friends 
i have no friends(emailing me) 
I feel like hanging out my friends 
@blakakke don't be lonely  call up some friends!
My friends just left 
I miss my friends 
ah i have no friends 
I have no friends  ......
I want to go dancingggggg  mehh, I hate it that all my friends live far away.
I need friends  I have no lifeeeee.
missing my friends 
I feel like I bother my friends when i talk to them. 
@mileycyrus my friends are. but not me. 
I have no friends 
I hate it when my friends go missing 
So. My friends decided not to go out and now I'm all dressed up with no where to go 
Hanging out with a few friends. So tired. I miss my bed 
@_Dianee noooo  i just wanted you to make friends. that's all
i need some friends 
Missing my new friends 
wow its almost done and my best friends are moving far away  i wont see them weekly 
I miss my friends 
got shopping to do  then lunch with friends
My friends are so mean lol 
Still tryin' 2 find some friends! 
@mileyrayccyrus hey  what can we be friends
I miss my friends 
missing my friends 
i really miss my friends. 
i need friends 
heeyy!! someone here? :/  i'm alone  I need friends! The true friends not exist... Only they're when they need me.. :'(
@aligauthier  now i have no friends here haha
No friends house 
i probably should have gone to my friends bbq. 
just graduated and not a single one of my best friends came 
talking to my friends maro and tima ...i miss them sooo much 
looking for my friends but i can't gind them  
@emmyvictoria he thinks i'm cheating on him -.- I would NEVER do that, just because i have guy friends doesnt mean i'm cheating! 
@JoshBreslow its because I have no friends 
All friends are in Killyleigh 
aww i love it too  its so boring with no friends  lol
@richelle_cyrus  richelle you made me sad i wish we could be friends agian
i miss my friends! 
n' i miss some friends 
ughhh..idk where my friends are!! they forgot me.. 
i wana go see hangover but have no friends 
uaghh ;; i have n0 real friends 0n here 
I dunno what to do. I wish I could hang out with my 2 best friends. Sadly, this isn't possible 
I wish all my friends lived closer to me.  
and again, i miss my friends 
is gutted two of her closest best friends are away 
I miss some friends real bad. 
one of my best friends sweet 16 and i don't get to see her 
I wish my friends would tweet more.  
I wish my friends would text me 
so jealous of @rachieann &amp; @emmysuh! I wish I had friends that I could go hiking and swimming with 
wishing i was home with my friends 
is wondering right now, &quot;Where are my friends???&quot; 
I can't chat w/ my friends  I don't know why 
be my friends????? or no????? i dont know 
@mholmesiv certainly wouldn't be that. I wonder if I've 'lost' other friends without knowing 
it's just too hard to see my best friends feeling sad. it makes me feel sad too 
i miss my friends 
Missing my friends. 
I love my best friends!!! I wish steven could chill!! 
can't find my friends twitter 
Loosing all my friends 
Lying here in my bed, wondering why my friends are so shady... 
i lit when my friends bail on me 
@violetterae I remember when we used to be friends! 
trying to find my friends on here but i can't and it's frustrating 
I feel bad. I fell asleep right when my friends were talking to me! 
@FrankMaresca follow me cuz i love u...&amp; u luv me..were a happy family? lol &amp; all my friends are facebook hoes &amp;i have no friends here 
I am on fashionspace but I have no friends  http://www.fashionspace.com/1512984689
I miss my friends. 
Apparently all of @Tangoberry 's friends hate me 
Ugh friends 
is knew to this and has nooo friends  ha
I miss my friends already 
i miss my friends.....  when are they going to be back 
has no friends 
ah what do you do when you outgrow your friends??? 
@SeekMeAmy I've missed YOU more...I swear I don't have any friends on here anymore...  
@mithros I would if all my friends weren't busy 
... i want my friends. 
is getting raped by @simonisCRUNK's friends 
i want to go out with friends tonight 
i need friends   and help...
Is feeling for her friends who are having major suckyness right now. 
I miss my friends 
All of my friends are moving to la 
i just found out one of my friends is dieing 
Dealing with friends is tough. 
i now  know what its like to lose all your friends..its not very nice 
I'm bored. Where are all my friends?! 
@Skyhoward I guess we aren't friends anymore 
@lynzibeans lol me tooooo! I miss all my old friends!  lol
@danstolarski all my friends peaced out too 
I miss my friends. 
I need some friends on here 
I miss hanging out with my friends.  
i need more friends. 
trying to find friends on here but this is not working for me!!! ugh!!!... 
@AndreaDG aww I can't tomorrow!  I have thing with my friends
I am so bored! all of my friends traveld 
uuuuhh...   I'll miss you guys.. i dont know how to find friends like you guys.. 
I wish i could go with my friends tomrw!! 
i have no friends  booHOO
why do some friends seem to drift away from me 
just realized how sad to lose good friends 
 I hate germantown it keeps me from friends! Lols
I miss my friends, I love them and I miss them!! 
has no friends 
it's raining and i'm suppose to hangout with my friends 
doesnt know how to find all my friends on this 
i miss my friends! 
my friends annoy me 
All my best friends live so far away 
Just found out one of my best friends is getting married. Only I am left now 
I miss my friends. 
@xCandyKx  i hate that friends is over 
missing my friends 
You don't make friends with salad. 
Doesnt have any friends.... 
i miss my friends 
sad as can be  watching friends.
I only have new friends 
Is desperately missing her best friends. 
missing my friends! 
i miss good all friends.  http://plurk.com/p/11hrwn
@eeinmc316 well, you're one of my best friends, for sure. I love yoouuuu and I miss you. 
@bibby1 i can relate and empathize. I couldn't have stayed away from my friends that long. 
@sevinnyne6126 I wish we could be friends 
i dont really know who my real friends are  sigh
she hates me now  I feel so bad.  I guess friends come and go right?
hey, where'd all my friends go? 
I wish they would shut up  I want to stay friends with both. I hate it when my friends fall out...
@michellelynn69 lol i did haha I don't want to share u to but I no u have other friends tht want you to 
wow all my friends are leaving 
Missing my friends 
i have no friends 
doesn't find friends  twitter isn't for me
I have no friends 
@ericwasson 6- I have some friends that did 12!  I can't believe it's all over 
i loveeee my friends... i'm going to misss them alot 
my friends are mean to me  @OhHeyDeb @joyseph
Still have no friends to follow .. 
I miss one of my friends so much 
missing my friends 
i only have 2 friends? 
@olangwafa That's why you don't have friends anymore 
has no friends 
Seriously missing my friends, @pagingpaige, @claudlim, @tinseltown &amp; Vian. 
http://twitpic.com/7pcr1 - missin'l my friends 
just woke up. i miss my friends 
Missing all of my friends!! 
but i still miss my old friends... 
hey just missin my friends! 
my friends will never know how much i love them 
i love my friends and i hate to know that they're hurting. very much affected... i really really want them to be happy... 
@richieraya i have no friends 
@ItsOnAlexa i donn't have any friends  thanks for rubing it in
I don't want lose friends by I treating  of fencing to the other 
so upset... v is being so rude and her friends too... 
I wish more of my friends would get on twitter 
trying to have some friends 
has nooooooo friends. 
My friends corupted me 
Wish I had more friends 
missing my friends 
@owlex and bring back for your gastown friends? 
all my friends are on facebook 
ah I feel bad for one of my friends 
I wish i was going to @betheecho with all my friends 
I miss my friends 
 I miss my friends
i miss all my chobots friends 
what am i going to do without my friends?!?! 
I have no friends! So lonely since my roomies are gone  I miss @bellakinesis !
i miss my lasalle friends 
@30SECONDSTOMARS was going but friends cant, sad now 
I miss my friends 
I wish I could see some friends tonight. It probably won't happen 
I could really use some of my closest friends right now. 
i want to sneak out....if only my friends lived closer 
i  miss all my friends   
Missing my friends!! 
I need friends 
I don't want all these friends 
Just joined.. need friends 
I've lost so many lady friends in the past all because they wanted to be more than friends &amp; just wouldn't settle for being just friends 
i dont know how to find my friends 
i miss going live with my friends  @pianofingerz we should go live that we used to again sometime!!
And to bed, have to be up by 6a.m....and you know 6a.m....and I are NOT friends..... 
My friends daughter is at the hospital  I'm sad and worried!! ((
It's so hard to find friends 
I LOVE my friends! But when my married friends get hit on instead of me the single girl, it really sucks 
Not much friends twit. 
I need some friends... 
says i miss my hssian friends...  http://plurk.com/p/1270p7
@lilsmrtypants you got passed by a moped?!...we can't be friends anymore  lol
http://twitpic.com/7szcv - my best friends (@georginaisback should be there too) gosh i miss them so much 
I need my best friends 
i jsut wanted to be like my friends bhut instead  i pooped  [8]
I miss my friends!!! 
I hate to see my friends sad! it just makes me sad 
Missing my friends 
I'm missing my friends already. 
I hate it when friends dont keep their promisess...it makes me sad 
Looking for some friends. 
Just got all pretty with no where to go  I need friends
sleeepover tonight i miss my friends 
I wish I was at stus with all my friends instead of here.  
I just saw one of my friends pass through and ignore me 
i have no friends 
I miss all of my friends 
i  miss  my  friends 
i hate when my friends are upset 
@elyshiaw I was bullied by my friends for thinking he was cute 
I miss all my friends 
Working away while all my friends play 
i miss my friends.. 
i really miss my best friends 
Watching friends.. they never should of cancelled that show 
I want to find some friends here...but i can't. Because they are not here 
I miss my friends 
I need more friends on here!!! 
I am trying to find friends! 
is wonderin why is it when my friends need me i drop everythin but when i need them they are no where to be seen 
I miss my friends from us !!! i miss ohio too 
damn , I miss my friends 
not boating with all of my friends 
...Wouldn't it be nice if internet friends &amp; real life friends were exchanged ? 
@defnekins yeah i know i dont think we can be friends anymore 
my friends. i miss them 
I love cooking for my friends&amp;then eating it alone. 
Twitted is lame when you don't have friends 
I have no friends 
@therealADWarner nooo  I don't have any friends!
I wish i had buffer friends here 
damn i miss my old friends 
Seriously asks himself if some of his friendships are really worth it  but is glad to have some very good and wonderful friends!!
I'm missing my friends so much right now it hurts 
Where r all of my friends tonight? 
oooooog!  I miss you so much my friends! 
can't find my friends 
@radioflyerx I thought we were friends.... 
I miss my friends 
Absolutely all my friends are sick 
Chatting with my friends. I miss them so much. 
Missing my friends already 
i miss you all my friends 
best friends, why do you have to be grounded? 
really really misses my best friends! 
@jonaskevin lol they all hate you. Especially my friends. 
I don't want my friends to leave 
@unholyhole we are no longer friends :S 
facebook would be nice if only i had most of my friends on it! 
How do I go about making new friends?... I'm too shy to talk 
I think I'm becoming friends with someone I don't really want to be friends with.  I hate it when this happens... 
Sometimes I really wish that I had close friends 
i feel so lonely, i don't feel like i have any best friends 
i need my friends 
My friends friends friend doesn't know where her clit it. 
@restylestari lalet,  my friends call me like it too
So utterly bored. Where be all my friends? 
I have no friends  
@catherinecurran..i feeeel you girrrrl--our friends are falling aparty, including me 
Wishing my friends were here... 
missing my friends 
all my friends are gone... 
really need true friends 
Missing my friends 
I have no friends! 
@DonnieWahlberg i had my friends cam ready in belfast but you where too fast 
i am not ready for all my friends to leave me yet 
i am not ready for all my friends to leave me yet 
i wish i had gay friends to shop with 
@JacobLovie I have no friends, only 18 messages! 
I miss my canby friends 
i miss my old friends and self. 
i miss my friends!! 
i miss my friends bad 
I can't sleep. I wish I had friends. 
@MaryaMurphy  my local friends suck. It will bite going alone.
i miss my friends 
I don't think my friends ever actually invite me anywhere. I feel like i have to invite myself  it's sad, and makes me feel lame.
Has realised she has NO friends 
I miss my friends! 
doesnt have any friends on twitterr 
@dappa_dan no we're not friends  go away
i miss my shekinah friends. 
is new ? and has no friends 
@kimshahan isn't following me? And I thought we were friends 
fml. looking at old photos just makes me miss old friends.  though we're still sortof friends now, it's hardly the same..
i wish to see my friends tonight. 
http://twitpic.com/8dmcz - I miss my friends 
Is missing all of her friends already 
@loic I want to see that too! But it'll take so long to get 800 friends.. 
@ThinkReferrals Oh i've got some friends in STl who wouldn't be too happy about that! I'm staying neutral and will support you both 
@_Heatherrr_ shall we make friends lol 
is watching friends 
@kitchentiles  hey, thanks for following me.  wow- you look just like one of my friends!  xo.
wonderfully exhausted...seeing old friends never gets tiring to me 
I'm back  Not that I have any friends on here... I just thought I'd let you know.... xD
best friends, upbeat music and fmylife always make me feel better 
going to my friends house 
Off to brunch with friends! 
@cyclelicious I think we are destined to only be internet friends. 
@musicsinmyveins okay good...we can be friends again 
I just got so deep with my two good friends! We agree to disagree, but I love them anyway 
Catching up with old friends.. 
Just looking for some friends on here 
is playing with my friends 
I'm am finding it impossible to sleep with all these old friends popping up! 
@CaroleJesse it's all good - was away at a friends wedding 
@dougiemcfly hi  Just going to ask if you can write back to me because my two best friends are in love with you 
I'm chattig with my friends.. 
@EeyoresTail need to speak to my Chinese friends 
Me and 1am have become close friends 
Morning imaginary friends... morning to you to twitter 
has two new friends 
@MahreenMamur i was away at a friends wedding  How are you?
looking up old friends on here to reconnect! 
@vipvirtualsols  would you invite your friends too   to follow me 
is watchin friends 
@Teanah  you should stay in with friends 
@ayeashleigh awww you guys seem like the bestest friends ever 
cleaning! then out with friends 
getting ready to go downtown to meet up with friends 
yayy seeeing myy best friends tonight 
@chriscornell hey, do you watch friends? 
preparing to go and meet some old friends.. should be exciting 
@mekkanikal exactly.  it's always great 2 have awesome friends
has really awesome friends!! 
has really great friends.  http://plurk.com/p/rjr43
getting ready to bbq with some friends! 
http://twitpic.com/4hebm -   for all my friends xx
friends house 
Is happy that she has great friends. 
you can never go wrong with old friends  goooodnight.
@nferno we can be friends. 
@beccaRAR I like to support my friends  It's sad that I'm your only friend though
who goes bowling anymore?... me and my friends 
@jtimberlake i think u have more than enough friends now, including me lol 
I have fantastic friends 
just got in. I have the best friends 
reconnecting with amadeus and friends 
i want to see a movie with some friends now all i need are some friends 
And some interesting friends as well 
its my best friends birthdayyyy! @kreksss i love you 
@xjaded25x  gahh! i'm soooo excited to meet your friends ((: yayy! swimming 
My friends like to buy me margaritas!  
@akhanukov do it alex. you have friends here  
that's when good neighbours become good friends...pepsi 
trying to gain virtual friends 
@MilanQ why was everybody so mean .   You and your friends looked great 
at the Y... where are all my friends? 
@wayw4rd what are friends for... 
@StevenGonzaleS I got drunk with my friends 
i need more friends add me 
hanging out with friends 
friends from wisonsin are here   won't be on that much as I will be hanging with them, but I will still be here haha
Writing  and my friends
is watching titanic with her best friends 
Thinking I need to find some friends on here. 
i'm not as depressed at before, my friends are making me feel much better! 
I love making new friends. 
when my friends with me ... I'm happy 
@msdanie I love when I have twitter friends I actually know  !!!
we're friends now @WeAreTheUsed 
You guys know how it's hard to be friends with me cause I'm so awesome? 
Getting ready and then going to hangout with friends  back to corning at 3:00.
@rebeccao372 Awww I would be honored to follow your British friends! 
with my best friends who I loveeeee 
is glad she has great friends when she needs them 
sitting here trying to find friends   not going so well tho :/
@lonnybreauxjr well.... you could always paint them yourself w/ friends lol it'll mean thaaaaaat much more 
all is well. talking with my two best friends here 
its my best friends birthdayyy!!!!! 
@jonjonnyp I guess we can always be friends. Haha 
I have great friends. 
@jtimberlake awh, you'll meet some friends at SFMusicTech - well at least your label will be there making friends 
@crinklechip That's my friends sister 
i'm with miriam &amp; katia, my best friends! 
@hotchiq915 tell all your friends to follow me !!  
@jwrath who doesn't love their friends? 
hanging with my friends 
watching friends with some wonderful friends 
I'm soo glad that I have the friends that I do. I love you guys! 
 watching my best friends wedding.
@CaShala lol u can say a friends of mine  y u still up
Meeting my friends soon. *happy* 
u know what me happy ? when i see all of my friends laugh . 
about to watch 'just friends' 
@unfolder What are twitter friends for 
@msgoofy1970: then don't hang out with him &amp; his friends. 
just making some friends. 
@kims374 @debbiespaintbox @c4cni @gulfsprite @shaktispace @JimmyMcIver @rocketrobin2 @mikeyboy50 @technologyads #followfriday friends 
is so thankful for my friends 
Just got done grilling out with great friends. 
i &lt;3 my wicked amazing friends. 
chilling with friends 
http://twitpic.com/61fci - my new friends 
facebook suggests your friends friend believing you would know your friends friend 
is so glad she replaced her &quot;friends&quot; with friends 
I'm so incredibly thankful to be blessed with such wonderful friends who truly care about me 
#MrTweet I recommend @OliviaWilder because she has great friends and is generous about sharing them, very smart + real 
