Most common words for this cluster:
[('friends', 829), ('night', 36), ('time', 28), ('neighbors', 24), ('none', 23), ('family', 22), ('day', 22), ('lol', 22), ('home', 18), ('people', 16), ('life', 15), ('p', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'friends', 0.9619390964508057), (u'acquaintances', 0.7185285091400146), (u'friend', 0.6986269950866699), (u'buddies', 0.6944196224212646), (u'pals', 0.664113461971283), (u'grandparents_aunts_uncles_cousins', 0.6573262810707092), (u'relatives', 0.6558564305305481), (u'speak_unpleasant_truths', 0.6482006311416626), (u'family', 0.6414303779602051), (u'girlfriends', 0.6384879350662231)]





Staying at a friends house...house sitting, neighbors are SO loud-having a party 
@gaspitsnicole sigh me too  mostly i midd hsnging out with my friends damn growing up : p
i'm missing my best friends. I miss our fun times together. I love you guys and i miss you so much  
@andygosling ouch  zoom:1 and the clearfix method are your friends.
is NOT a happy bunny. so-called friends have gone and ruined my chances on this project! 
none of my friends have twitter 
I  miss my friends  Whyyyy can't we all live closer to one another?
@TGAband its snowing  i cant even walk to my friends house
Getting the hang of this but none of my friends r even on here? 
realized that most of her friends are either busy or going away for vacation 
No new sewing friends 
ughhhh. i'm getting sicker.  but i'm still going to prom. if only i could convince my parents to let me stay in a hotel with my friends 
@olafsearson i'm at a friends caravan now we're watching dark angel 
None of my friends answer texts anymore and my best friend is so busy at work he can't talk 
@Infredib1e LOL! i am in fact getting ready to go out in the mission right now, but not with my little sister's friends 
I'm a little sad that all my spam friends have been deleted. 
@boomboxhearts  i'm having dinner with (older) friends in like 3 hours.  fuck i'm so sorry to be shit. can't believe i've missed you 
@biggreensummer i totally agree... i've been missing friends bdays due to the new different layout 
I need gay friends 
I should have stayed in Kville this semester. I miss my friends. 
Visiting friends and relatives for a while tomorrow, but may have to battle peakhour traffice on the highway... yikes! 
why can all of my friends work nights? then i'd have someone to talk to.   
none of my friends have twitter 
ughhhhhhhh! so bored.. 1 coworkers on vacation &amp; another one quit. no entertainment! 
@jcivey I know ;) I was making a general comment on 'absent' friends 
@heidimontag ahhh! i have alot of stupid science hmwk!  i cant go outside to enjoy the beautiful day with my friends!
Just got online.. only to realize that her friends are already gone.. 
Leaving to meet friends for brunch, but I think right after I'll have to head back home. Not feeling 100% well 
Tired and bored... All my friends aren't in contact with me  and nothing to do at home...
@RealHatter no i didn't, it was raining.  we just went to dinner with about 10 other people and our friends had a party at their house
good talks tonight. i miss my berklee friends 
wishes she was out with old friends tonight  oh well tomorrows another night ;)
staying home watching ghost hunters with friends! im getting a little creeped out 
i got drenched by my mates who all went swimming then group hugged me 
@Broooooke_ yes if they do meet and greets, im camping at the place lol. my friends been kissed by them!! 
@ainzneal I knoooowww I'm really hurting right now. I don't want my coworkers to see me like this 
who knew five months ago that i'd come out here and leave with three new best friends.. ill miss you guys 
I feel boring. All my friends are out drinking and I choose the sober route for what? What do I benefit? I hate being left out of this. 
just got home from saying my goodbyes to friends i wont be seeing before i move 
@trekkerguy i think he honestly thought he were their friends.  on their level. it was sad. 
says i miss my close friends soo much!!  http://plurk.com/p/riibj
though there r so many acquaintances n frens around, i'm so lonely n left out like now 
Maybe it's time to put some friends behind. I know it's hard but it is what i need to do. 
I spend 4 days at a play my friends performed to help with make-up and costumes, I already miss it 
My boyfriend always ignores me when his friends come home 
I lost another follower  I want some new friends please, lol
@ilsamo everybody but my friends 
My neighbors are fighting 
is sometimes sad that I have so many long distance friends! 
@lalabby Always wanted one, too! But could never find 3 friends w/ the required attention span. Or actually, just 3 friends 
dreaming about a campfire...with friends...and marshmellows and hot dogs!! 
Studying deustch with my classmates 
Watching the last five eps of fosters home for imaginary friends. 
@illyriajade How was the midnight premiere, I totally flaked out and missed the opening with friends 
i miss my classmates 
I will miss the craziness of my 6B friends... 
i suddenly miss my college friends. 
@lifegrd31  I know. I have issues balancing supporting my friends &amp; feeling weird about paying them to dance around naked for me.  
I can't sleepn  I can't find any alcohol in my friends house..
@shuuro It does seem superior.  I like the linking to friends photos... was disappointed though when it wouldn't work for me. 
nooo, my closest friends from this semester are leaving in two days... and then my closest high school friends are coming back this week 
i miss my classmates!  
@becomingrachel BAHAHA lol i wasnt sure at first but i have not a lot of friends  oh well hehe
My daughters best friends boyfriend died suddenly last night    R.I.P  Tapperney
@shaunjumpnow I wanted to go to groovin but none of my friends wanted to &amp; the tickets are sold out  I live in maitland &amp; really wanted to
bored to death in class... need more friends to stalk on here. 
One of my friends used to be really interesting and funny and stuff, but now they're just annoying. it's so sad when friends fall apart. 
Why are my friends always late for dinner.  Already sittin at a table for 10 minutes waiting. 
My friends left  But they forgot their wedding rings so I'm going to go meet them for coffeeeeeeeeeeeeWOOOOOOOO!
feels like I have no friends 
None of my friends like me... 
I may have to start my photography profile over again   which means losing almost 9k friends 
Having trouble finding friends to follow... 
just had the best night with my best friends and I dont want them to leave!! 
I promise to never let my insecurities hurt my friends  and I hope only for the same in return
I don't think I'd ever survive without my friends.  The separation is pretty hard to handle 
hey guys can some 1 add me please i need some friends 
@snwbrdlaur its what we call my friends house/property, fun times but sadly no grill 
All my friends are getting into serious relationships  for them  for me
@JonnyT_TBoy aw  all my friends support me when i started doing it
thank god for wine and friends. even if at the end of the night, you're alone. 
Wish all of her friends didn't have to always work so she had someone to play with 
@lenars  yes unfortunately, i stayed over at a friends house and i guess i caught something over there
why is it that everyone i've ever cared about is suddenly leaving... i really don't want to have to make new friends... 
FaceBook shows all kinds of unknown people as suggestions to be my friends! cancelling them does not help! 
i have a very lonely life and search desperately for friends  ahh i kid, i just get bored easily  #WhyITweet
Last night with friends. 
Really bummed no one leaves comments on my photo share site for family and friends.  Cousins have one and get comments every day.  
My real-life friends never tweet anymore!  
O.o not seeing my friends' Tweets on my timeline via @Splitweet 
's homesick  I miss my house and my friends and my bed
We missed out on going to the zoo with some friends though 
All my friends are having boyfriend issues 
All my friends are breaking apart  This was supposed to be the best summer
@mikewright86 was playing poker with friends but getting sleepy. All my  friends I normaly hang is 21 + and at the bar and I'm only 19 
just got back from gold coats..it was so awsome...but i miss my friends already 
I want to go home but none of my friends will get up 
got called 'sir' by a few of my colleagues recently, I feel old... 
i want all the how i met your mothers seasons  and friends!  i think friends is the best tv show ever.
where have all my friends gone? 
bored and wishing one of my friends was either awake or online 
going to work  then watching wrestling with some friends! 
@amarsh23 aww i was at brunch w my sister at 1130  wish i couldve gone!!! did you guys win?? if u didnt... we cant be friends anymore.
i love weekends like this one when i got to hang out with all my best friends. minus the ones who live out of town. 
awww all my friends left me and now i dont have anyone to talk to 
@PaganVixen i'll never be able to see her.  i'll never be able to see any off my friends
i miss my classmates! 
Thinking; i know friends come and go, but it hurts when they walk out for no reason at all 
My workmates are looking at me like I'm insane... 
@ddlovato why do others have to leave? if they are real friends why do they forget? 
People suck, best friends are worse. 
#thingsihate - not enough computers in a row for me to sit next to my friends...   http://twitpic.com/5f430
Still thinks this is gay...and has no friends 
One of my friends has just been made redundant &amp; she worked for the union. Things are bad. 
(@scuba_suzy) now that neighbors have shut up (finally) i might try and go to sleep again 
@tommcfly I know how you feel I was a loner yesterday because my 3 best friends have left me! 
I miss my friends @flanniganemery and @hadleymurphy I haven't seen them all day 
I miss my friends @flanniganemery and @hadleymurphy I haven't seen them all day 
I've been here five months &amp; still no friends 
Planning for a vacation..but no friends to accompany 
very busy again today - just got back from driving - soon off to friends leaving meal and then just to spoil it - work 
have no friends, no money but a amazig sunshine 
Remembering my loved ones and friends with cancer at luminaria ceremony!  I love and miss those who I lost 
I hate my neighbors. I really hate them right now. 
Starting to miss my friends at east shore. 
i dont like being in my friends bad books  i know i can be horrid when i drink too much wine but i don't mean it 
@ShannerNanner last year i had these really indie friends, and they'd make fun of me cause my private school is less than theirs 
@ambiguousfacade i know, george shoots him,  not even halfway through and i already know ending (friends)
@HanesComfort I completely missed it.  I was having dinner at a friends.  #gno
looking for old friends,, all i have is names.. and i dont remember faces :S // only found one 
Just got back from hanging out with a couple of friends. I am incredibly tired. I hope I do not get heart burn. 
the graduation was great....but i got a really bad sun burned  haha it was worth it because i got to see my friends graduate 
@biancaduhh awh! I'm sorry  my prayers are with your dad, &amp; his friends family &amp; friends.
I'm really missing my real friends back home  BUT happy I will soon make new ones!
I think all my internet friends died. 
Our neighbors cat died!  I really loved him =(
my best friends bought something which i really want. 
@MishDance i miss your dance friends too. 
none of my friends is on this 
@cameo1172 i have 2 friends going  so jealous 
@sarahsss i wish i had friends i could spend the night with 
Just found out one of my coworkers that I actually like is leaving. 
So bored..need friends 
I'm new at this and I don't have any friends now!  please comment !
@jonheadley @jsanfridsson gutted i miss that! the one night i try 2 leave early  lol! friends visitin were tired haha!
Hey had some fun with friends !!!!!Now cleaning 
Always I listen that song I start crying, It makes me remember moments with my friends at primary school 
@mariaemunoz I want to sooo bad but it's my friends b day 
@caass19 i know..too good to be true. lol plus..they're probably gone now...couldn't find anyone to go w. me.. my friends aren't fans 
Jealous of everyone of my friends at sonic 
uhgg,, i dunno if i should continue to join cheering.. i'm just so scared ...  and not so sure what i'm doing,, thinking about my friends 
Like 6 of my online friends have fallen foul of this bug / virus that is going around and seems to make you really nauseous 
Calling all friends: i'm hot and cold at the same time what do i do??? 
is watching Mean Girls and missing his epic friends! 
@captainblubear some interesting friends you've got.  you must find me so boring in contrast. 
Waiting for my friends to start using technology again alas they have not 
I want new myspace friends  even though i never go on there haha
@EmmyATL well me too, but i always get hit by my friends mom when tell them 
@kenziepark to make matters worst, my fiancee went out with her friends 
The biggest darkest girl jump on me @ the club and I had no were to run I hate all my friends 4 not helping me 
having a sleepover. my mom didnt trust us enough to leave me and my friends unsupervised so my brothe is here 
@notmarcocollins i did...  i'm so  exhausted. kept nodding off on the bus to my friends place
is sad because @littleiggy went to bed and now i have noone to talk to  i wish all my friends had insomnia like me...
I hate saying goodbye to friends  
@yilz, i was wit friends, democrazy paroles, crazy day 
@yilz, i was wit friends, democrazy paroles, crazy day 
@Solsara I hope all our friends at the company will be safe. 
@SLikd i know i don't really like fast food but when i'm with my friends that's all they seem to eat! 
This is not easier and i look like a loner!!!! I have no friends 'sob' 
@DisneyGirl92 i planned a huge plan with my friends but it failed. 
starting to become friends with biology, tomorrow i have to make friends with chemistry and physics 
My friends/family are all slackers, none of them want to get up and go have breakfast with me 
@sugarghc no  no plans -.- my friends went out but i didnt go with them..i dont want to take any risks and get sick again..for now xD
@Shendoah It's hit one of my friends as well, and she was trying to get the free xunlai pane, which she probably won't be able to now 
@eso8009 then come! although you won't be able to stay over because my roommate has friends down this weekend 
@espo8009 then come! although you won't be able to stay over because my roommate has friends down this weekend 
working 2 jobs now. life is not so good. i miss my friends 
wish i was at the beach with my friends 
Just had an amazing goodbye party (???) with the dojo. Much sadder to leave now that I know I have such great friends here.  
It's just sunk in that I'm never going to see half my friends again.. 
Wishing I could sleep in when I actually have the time to do so... And now I am incredibly jealous of all my friends who can 
@PinksTwitFans  i hate when all my friends are out with there familes because then we cant go out. im glade they are having fun but n ...
work -stressful, customers -rude. i want to relax and procrastinate but friends want to take me to a 3dcinema in nuremberg.don't want to 
half dead without friends 
why do we as friends not only grow older but also grow apart? 
I definitely hate having to say good bye to friends 
today went to animal exposion with friends and mom and then watching some movies alone, without friends  i miss it so much!
my A-my eyebrows are not identical...i have to pluck them   and i get too hyper when im with one of my friends but not going to say who!!
friends tonight!!! scared because rich is going to iraq  but john's home from the navy!!!
It's been an emotional week. I didn't know how hard it would be to say goodbye to my friends as we transfer elsewhere and my teachers 
@tonfue i hate when all my friends txt me bout if i made dance team! i dnt wan2 answr them, shuld i? it makes me sad 2tell em i didnt 
I'm tweeting but none of my friends have twitter 
watin friends! i miss that show  i hope they make a movie of it!
Listening to friends talk politics. Shouldn't be this bored on my birthday, but i am 
I don't like loosing friends  but that's life I guess
1 of my friends has lost 2 great friends this week - both in their early 30's both gone 2 soon  take the time to love those still here!
I' in the most complicated situation ever haha, probably going to have no friends after this 
Is feeling really bad that I hurt a friends feelings and didn't even know it and now I dont know what to do to make it up 
@camievog I have enough regrets for you and all your friends 
My yard is full of friends, cold beer, and dogs. I wish i wasn't sick! 
paaacking  then drinkyy with my friends before I leaave for another month
@katlyn_says I have a lot of graduated friends 
So all my friends suck. No one wants to hang out with me tonight- they all have plans.  I totally got jipped! So I'll be @ home tonight.
feeling sad and irritated cause i can't be with my friends right now 
@tgadget When I type &quot;@&quot; a dropdown appears that narrows down a list of friends as I type out a username. Not all of my friends are there 
@williamp0044 aww I wanted to go too  notify ur friends next time!!! How was it?
so bored. schools out and i miss my friends. 
the graduation was amazing!!! i'm going to miss my friends 
loves my OLAts friends and i really really miss them already.  http://plurk.com/p/xbf5t
At a friends, we have no power 
It'll be sad when we get older and all our friends start dying age-related deaths. 
I really hate some of my friends.... They ruined my plans 
is jealous of her friends who get to have interesting vacations....   http://plurk.com/p/xbr35
Last night out with my friends. 
At least I sidne tweet @JackAllTimeLow cause he reads it' my friends taking my phone and making me sleeppp poet  goodnhvbg!
I was left by *everyone* I know tonight. I made friends with strangers... That hurts. 
@alientribe  well I do but just jammin with friends  used to play for coins long ago - didn't take it seriously enough 
I hate it when my brothers' friends come round... definitely can't go in the pool now 
aaahh... more friends in facebook without my consent!!!   :| .. this is totally pissing me off :| 
i hope we would be classmates forever... 
dear allergies: you and i are NOT friends when i have to be outside all frigging afternoon! 
i'm up i have to go to graduation watch my friends leave me  not looking forward to it
Is so sorry i missed my friends daughters grad, so sorry! 
i feel lonely, left out, abandoned, thrown away like an empty memory. I realized I have no friends to lean on to 
Missing all of my closest friends and wishing we lived in the same city 
that won't be too hard, but then i have to say bye to all my friends 
I need to find friends who also like riding roller coasters and rides  I'm tired of being the only one riding!!!!
@Saroyel lets see....out of my friends that were there....i would not have won. 
@skyejaden I wish I could... I need to go out, but my friends don't seem to want to   I need a drink!
Offspring was great last night, I ran into some old friends and went to some clubs with them it was really fun, little hungover though 
I wish I had alien robot friends 
talking online with my friends .. i miss they  
saying goodbye to friends just doesn't get any easier. 
What do you do when your two best friends just lost their grandmother and now both of them are losing it? What can I do to help? 
If only &quot;best friends&quot; meant something. 
on the way home gav said 'i wanted someone to invite us out to dinner'  unfort. It wasn't our church friends he wanted the invite from!
It's great to hear from old friends! I'm glad their lives are not as pathetic as mine 
I miss my friends man, all I have time to do is work on projects, then read, then work on more projects 
I lose everyone I love to my friends 
every things going wrong with my friends 
@hoopstah08 i miss mezzah. i want our old group of friends together again 
@smudge372 charming i thought we were friends  x
mean neighbors, very mean selfish neighbors. 
what a bad day  all i want is to see my friends 
Saying goodbye to more coworkers 
watch hsm-3 made me miss my high school friends 
@maliajonas hahaha i just had the weirdest dream last night. it was u me and abbey like really good friends again... i miss that 
Finally, the #AH1N1 reached my circle of closest friends. 
needs closer friends; closer in both ways, geographically and mentally. 
grrrrrr frekaing annoying friends i really need to choice better friends at school seriously 
Now I know y my friends do this to me well I guess I just want to know things on my own and I just really really really miss them so much 
I miss my coworkers 
@luvinjrandsmoke It is, but I miss catching up with my friends during the day. 
feeling very far away from friends right now....not a good support day either 
@zibracakes If it's bad to not want a friend (or enemy) to become friends with one of your best friends, then both of us are bad people. 
I need more friends that likes the same things i do, it's that so hard to ask 
I'm graduating on the worst possible day. No friends can make it 
up at 5 in the morning. nightmares about lost friends makes it hard to sleep. 
@ashleeboof we = no longer friends 
I miss my apartment, my roommates,  my friends, the parties,  my crews,my boogery room,  my girlfriend. 
why is everyone so beefy tonight...my neighbors are fighting and it's making me sad 
didn't play frisbee...it was raining  but at least I got to spend time with friends!
@yonas sorry  I'm glad you have good friends. things will look up soon.
Now i miss my schoolmates soo much.. 
is jealous of her 1144 friends and how much time they spend together now. It wasn't that way when I was there. 
@Saints1973 they're not nice colleagues u got 
I miss my underwater friends 
Wants too see her friends  And just chill in the sun!
is trying to find sum friends...lol...only hav 1 
i hate it when im forced to be friends with someone... 
&amp; Chivers friends againnnnnnnnnn XD YAY!!  i'm bored of packing 
@sarahgenson because I have the loudest neighbors ever. 
@kinsington @akcwriter @Jla_B @TasteTheChocl8t I can handle strangers butchering the language, but this is one of my best friends.  So sad
my neighbors are loud 
@damiella Oof, I had to stop reading. The stories of the victims and their families and friends made my heart hurt. 
Joining our friends from #luminis at the #javaone opening keynote. Unfortunately its virtual 
I need some new friends!!!! I love my current ones but they just arent fun anymore. 
@therealpickler isnt it hard competing for the award with one of your best friends..... i would hate that 
i have no one to go to greenday with   none of my friends want to go
@Pentenscribes thank you so much....i hope all my other tweet friends follow too... 
I wish I had a cold when @ddlovato had hers.. So that we can be best friends, too.  I'm so depressed.
@jdee313 I got 1247 friends requests and can't accept them 
just passin' by  i'm at the mall right now all by myself.. hoping to see even one of my closest friends  imysm
1 friend left on the wall take her down pass her around no more friends on the wall.  this is what it feels like with out any friends oyea
i miss my friends here. why are they all spread out across the globe 
@melanarchy boooo I don't know if I have any other friends who are hodgman fans 
Is about to put up an ad for platonic friends...its that bad lol. 
@silverhuang I MUST update my pic (I have ~100+)-: around the 'net  finding them all and changing so friends don't lose me ...omg LOL!
My friends are disgusted by my sickness 
i cant live without my neighbors 
Misses my friends 
I'm sorry.  just tell me what you want me to do. And you are friends with your exes. But please just tell me what to do.
@manifestlove I don't want him back but somehow he sent me a friends request the other day on facebook  wasn't cool AT ALL!!!
@HorstBurkhardt We're not aquaintances horst. We're best friends. I wish I could give you a big bear hug right now. 
I literally have no life or friends  I'm just being me and if you don't like it oh well you cant win them all .....
missing having girl friends around me 
just got home from work my delightful teenage son and friends have left me loads of washing up 
@laurtje I know... I hate this! I'm pretty sure that just ONE night out with friends might pick me up... But I need to study 
@RubiaNY can you tell your friends about it so we have some fans there at least.. 
I dont like it when your best friends dont include you at all, when they dont even ask if you would like to go but ask everyone else 
missing all nighter campfires with the friends 
Is not looking forward to what ever my so called friends have planned 4 me tom night 
i wish my friends wouldnt make fun of me today it was because of my makeup line and other hurtful things i wish i could have nice friends 
R.I.P. @stevedrider you lived such a full life but was taken from your friends too soon 
I keep missing some of my favorite west coast friends  @lynngg especially
is sad for his friends who lost their jobs... 
It seems like all of my friends are getting in serious relationships and getting married.I really need to get friends my age 
@trobin40 Also, one of my closest girlfriends, the best person to go out with, is on vacation 
Uuggggh i'm soooo boooored. i wish i had more friends  loneliness kills.
That's not going to work... I just went over to neighbors...lawnmower not there! 
@gabboucla I missed you guys too!!! I'm like by traveling buddies are not with me  LOL
i really miss my dear friends so badly.. 
I think the fact one of my close friends has cancer has just hit me 
Just found out my friends boat capsized last night and he and one other haven't been found!!  pray for the families
I miss @taylorcookie and @TaylorDeas so much. I haven't seen my best friends in 13 days and I think I miss them more than they miss me 
@JenJelly85 I always get my friends their presents on time.But last year both of my friends forgot it was my bday,so I got my gifts late. 
Tigers lost  off to a friends house!
Just learned tonight that some good friends are moving away  really sad, but glad they're going to have new adventures together.
got some sad news  prayer for my friends little brother would be great
@josielovesmcr soon i will have to say goodbye to all my friends  and i told them and youknw just starting crying XD and you???
only has celebrity friends. 
there's only 2 actual school days left...that makes me sad...won't get to see my friends for 3 months  esp. 1 of my bestest friends ever.
Weekends are lame:no friends on TV 
going out tonight with family friends  byee
@isaimperial AWW.  we're never going to be classmates na. 8-|
@slake_ my friends upset and I just dunno what to say at all 
@stonecypher I am indeed - I had to pop back for work / to see family / to go to a friends wedding - it's cold and wet here 
i'm sad that i wouldn't be seeing my teachers&amp;friends again 
Is it sad not to have any friends who live by you? I have to do things alone 
Thanks for a great night friends! No I have to get up 
@bettinagon i feel really bad that you and tanya aren't my classmates though. 
.. having 2 friends following me on twitter is sad  why don't more people have this program?
I'm meant to be going to my friends concert but he hasn't called me to tell me where it is... so I guess I'm not going  #USAWantsMcFly
@Nahkeetuhh I know and I have friends there right now. I haven't been in over a decade. 
I am super bored, i want to go to the movies with my friends, but they left without me 
7 of my friends are moving out of state 
@krnshrrr I kinda like it but almost none of my friends have it 
just watched &quot;strangers&quot; all alone 
@mileycyrus that should be fun, i want a sleepover with my friends tonight 2 
I havent had time to hang out with my friends 
@savannamarie21 What's going on with your friends? And sorry it took me so long to comment on your new videos. I was super sick 
I was so happy about my myspace and then i saw my friends and then mine just totally sucked 
How can you travel with closest friends who say they are in a recession? 
http://twitpic.com/6sga6 - Where are the rest of our friends?? 
Really wish I had more $ to visit friends -especially for important events 
my friends mother past away today 
titanitc with my best friends. I wish I had some nerds 
@stars202 I'm going to be so sad next year leaving all my friends. 
@keeperofdreams If the cops are there already, it's bad for them and for the neighbors. We have similar neighbors here. 
I hate when my friends are hurting and there's nothing that I can do for them 
@officialnjonas u never sent the tweet my friends and i ask u! 
My friends said I was the Internets biggest flirt  but I flirt every where
about to go to bed and is going to do a serious cleaning on my apartment tomorrow... and i'm missing all of my friends!! 
is missing hanging out with my nursing friends tonight 
It's my mothers birthday and she came home drunk with her friends. Now, her one friend is going to steal my bed because she can't drive. 
Catching up with friends and talking about sex while drinking isn't good!!  I'm sad now!!!
crying my eyes out! i miss my best friends already  wont see them untill aug. on the train.
My friends are always ready to leave as soon as the reggae comes on! 
I can't find any tarsier friends... 
LOVED running into olddddd friends! But major apologies to @gretchendavis for bailing on plans!  forgiveee me please!
@Eshcii I've only had two best friends in my life, and they both moved! 
qisginh i didnt feel so sad and lonley how do we know our true friends now were drifting further apart and you dont see it 
I wish I was having a sleepover right now with all of my closest friends  I bet it would be loads of fun and extremely entertaining
@okcomputer27 You welcome hun  We will be friends always ))) IT sucks that you can't watch videos on that site  *HUGGGSSSSS*
@RickyShucks I only drink when I'm incredibly depressed.  One of my friends likes to drink. And when she drinks, she talks about politics 
just got caught in the middle of a fight between 2 of my friends 
is sitting home alone, but wishing she was drinking and having fun with friends. 
i twittered to my friends, and they blocked me for spamming!  sorting out that mess now...
needs more friends  http://plurk.com/p/z2d6g
this is terrible  my thoughts go out to the friends and families of the victims - http://bit.ly/bLoLu
is missing her childhood friends a lot!.  http://plurk.com/p/z2uml
needs more friends 
None of my friends have twitter 
My car got hit at a friends house. 
@PatsyTravers I no, my parents are fed up with mileyy  and so are my friends haha, i need to learn when to shut up about her! lol x
@br00klynbetty its your friends families fault 
@wiens111 if my neighbors don't stop breaking up daily, it will always be like that.  they just yell!
reading all the messages my friends wrote for me before i leave Phils. missing them. 
most of my friends are at k-fest while I'm stuck at home studying 
@evilgumbo  neighbors aint that bad!
Going to sing for my friends mother who has cancer 
 i missed two friends weddings this weekend and i'm super sad. and i miss my best friends. and.. i could keep complaining but i won't.
@babyangelromero pistol is my friends dog i was watching for awhile but i dont have him anymore 
 my friends mom is at the hospital. pray for her.
@erinjeany I don't when I'll be moving over there, your neighbors wouldn't move  lol
when one of your best friends leaves you.. then what? 
Up. 3 hours sleep  movie with friends and then library of intensive working. So awful.
Is finally home and resting and is really missing her friends  I haven't seen u all in forever
Monopoly with hostal friends. erin leaves tonight 
@mileycyrus because the people you're saying goodbye to are the ones who support you the most, your family and friends 
I miss my friends! I haven't hung out with any of them forreal in like 2 months 
I hate not having friends here and the ones here are busy. 
just got a twitter got no friends  oh well life goes on
It sucks trying to be a power-couple sometimes.  This is when you find out who your true friends are.
@x_t_y network of friends. @lhalaa ooopps. friendly ra man to. 
Missing my boy and friends 
roommates moved out  all alone now
things make me sad...like when friends tell u they are goin to a concert but then cant 
Oh joy! i love not getting to see my friends not 
@coleenpascual who's my classmates? 
trying to talk to mcfly fans not many of my friends are fans of theirs 
 tonights so bittersweet. I have absolutely wonderful friends. I'm so sad to see caitlin leave.
Just finished calling @TATAliaa s friends and we called @levyngo but she didnt pick up 
So I called long distance relatives and some I never told that I love them to let them know I do.  But right now I don't feel loved 
It rains  my friends are so crayzy the are playing now outdoor 
wishes she was out with her lover and friends...so lame 
no friends on fashion space  http://www.fashionspace.com/1512984689
Survided school! it's warm but it's raining so i can't go out and meet friends.. 
So over fighting with friends  I thought 18 meant you were an adult? As in, more mature.
I miss texting my friends. I don't have prepaid credits. 
@regularguy My friends weren't the gambling type.  
sitting next to 3 guys in wheelchairs, and their all friends. 
@erialccasasanta I want my dftba friends too claire  did you change your username?
stupid neighbors woke me up! i dont even know who they are 
He was one of my best friends while I was away, and now he doesn't even talk to me for reasons unbeknownst to me. This makes me sad. 
I hate people, who in the presence of friends forget to other friends 
Its really boring just sitting here.....there's nothing to do! wish i could hang with friends but i can't! 
@peoplefight all of my friends in my year  I'm starting to think all lads hate me!
@SwaggercheckJAE i hope you had a good weekend..my bad about not hollering..i didnt really do much..kinda mourning my friends death 
tweeting for the first time and dreading building up another network of friends. bye facebook 
I need some friends or followers or something!!! I am a loner right now 
I even tried to get my friends to add his widget and everythin 
revising again...god loads of my friends are sad, its making me sad... 
miss some friends who i havent seen for months 
@mitchelmusso s cd signing and my camera doesnt work and they wudn't let my friends in 
i'm REALLY bored cause now no friends r on   
Dreading this conversation with one of best friends 
8th grade graduates soon  sad 2 c friends go
siting here. at my sisters. no phone. no friends. i cant talk to daniel  it blows uggghhh
i am so so mad, several good friends and teachers have been layed off because of this stupid budget crisis 
@iamjackielynn ugh stop stealing my friends 
needs friends that are girls 
@fingersplit Who stole your friends? 
Just witnessed a huge fight between the neighbors and him leaving. 
My friends need to stop leaving me.. 
@rockfotze I've been wanting to know that too! If they tour, we are so going together. I have no other faith no more friends 
I want to go visit my friends in different states and different countries akshav 
@baxterq i do not like strawberry....  can we still be friends?
My wife didn't want to sleep in our bed tonight. She went to sleep at a friends, slipping out after she thought I was asleep. 
I'm so sick of my friends getting walked on in their relationships 
noticed today that all ties but one have been cut but I don't really feel adrift. Also realized I don't always like my friends  haha
Some of my friends have the ugliest babies 
Missing friends and reading about more budget deficits 
@kandevil we'll definitely raise a toast to absent friends 
Getting ready for senior breakfast,hanging w/ all my friends for the last time. 
I hate leaving, I miss my friends way too much 
Tiiiired  but up getting ready for a meeting with friends in the industry and a former bride soon...should be fun!
I hate it when friends are in drama it just sucks 
@juhidee119 this is very true, i might have to be a third wheel that night with you and your sister, none of my friends want to go 
@birdrage heyyy sorrry  i've already planned to go with my friends ahead of time!
@betsymaebartlet hurts even more when it's one of your best friends 
No more exams... No more friends 
Just found out one of my friends from my old job was beaten by her husband. 
damn. i'm getting followers slow all of a sudden  tell your friends to add me!!! @FearNoOne10 ;)
wish i wasnt sitting in this bed and was home with my friends!! 
were are your best friends when you need them  im going to bed, goodnight to you all, x
coworker said may be because I hav Chinese parents who does not make conversations. So I was not able to have conversations with others. 
#iwould love to see all my old friends from carver. 
It's upsetting to find out more and more each day that true friends are far and few 
I get a little sad when i come home and my roommates are gone 
@butterpecan412  I do it when I dont want to go to my friends house, it makes me feel like a bad person 
All my friends are signing off aim and not texting me 
picked up kids from sleepover.  my 3 year old cries hysterically and runs to friends mom for hugs. 
@danielthai i thought we were real friends too  ps the iranelection tweets just keep popping up...twitter is amazingggg...
waaaa why do my housemates have to have so many noisy friends?! move out in 12 days. can. not. wait. i feel so ill 
just watched &quot;just friends&quot; remebered it as a comedy but it was just plain depressing 
just watched &quot;just friends&quot; remembered it as a comedy but it was just plain depressing 
doesn't want my friends to go on vacation 
I've seen a couple of friends, but damn, I hate going to shows by myself. 
I miss all of my camp friends more than I could ever imagine 
 uggghhhh friends can create drama
friends cant spend the night 
.:. bedd time! man i miss my friends  ::: goodnight .:.
i need friends who will share in my delight at the resort 10 collections 
I miss my friends. (And my girlfriend!) I don't like being this busy. 
my friends dog died today.  rest in peace little freddy kruger.
Laying in bed at friends parent house very bored 
Wish I had more time to catch up with all my friends...I miss you all 
says i dont make friends with jeans...  http://plurk.com/p/11kzz5
My dear friends, we're all tired. ( GROUP HUUUUUUUGG. 
Only just got up really after housemate and her friends kept us awake until the early hours. Not a happy bunny 
very thankful for my friends and family.  missing my good friend coffee lately 
All my friends are leaving!  13 days...
... I do believe, my fellow friends on the jury, I have lost my last strings to drawing... I can no longer do it  xo.
Writing mails to my friends. I guess I little forget about them.. 
One of my best friends gave birth 2 weeks ago &amp; had a lunch w/2 other great friends. W/c I had to miss  One NEEDS these girls' lunches
Hates that she has to work when all she wants to do is sleep, and be with her family. I need my friends. 
Is wondering if she's just a source of food, counselling and free smokes to some friends 
stealing internet from all of my friends!! just two more weeks  ... damn addiction!
None of my friends have returned my calls. but I haven't called them. I'm statistically alone. 
@chrispowell cant bring your kids, but you can bring your friends, so have fun! I'd go if I were here for the weekend 
It's not the 'tards @mrbarrington It's when my reactions against the 'tards turn people I thought were friends against me. 
none of my friends are on here 
wish i didnt have to move english classes. i have no friends 
bad day! i need my friends 
i'm actually starting to miss school, i feel like i need to reconnect with all my friends that i never see anymore 
just missed english club with friends. feel so bad.. 
chatting with one of my dearest friends. i miss her. 
i need to make friends who know how to play poker, i miss drunken poker nights 
walked all of central park today. met up with some friends. now my feet are covered in blisters... 
Misses her friends so dearly...my bar exams are really getting to me 
@hope_alive  friends don't suck! I don't know what I'd do without mine.
All my friends are disowning me for wanting to be a clown 
i wish i was at the bonfire with all my friends!! i need my car running again! 
I feel so far from my best friends .... I wish things were like they used to be 
ah  why is nobody texting back! You all make me cry, sitting all alone with no friends beside me 
Still sick...missing out on seeing friends again 
thinx its time for new friends 
Where will my friends&amp;parents be when im 40? 
i miss my grade 9 friends from both countries  &lt;3
@MichelleTiffany well, after i sent that to you, i remembered they prefer at least an associates degree  even though i don't have one...??
And we're off to a farewell brunch for some dear friends at church 
pffffffff 3 exams to go  friends only 1 :'( :'( :'( :'(
i've just been disowned by my coworkers due to bad punage 
Revision is incredibly dull! Why can't my friends be more nerdier and come and revise with me 
Sometimes catching up with old friends isn't any fun at all 
@tubee I guess it's quite hard to do business with close friends 
man this is bringing back so bad memories...  but my yearbook fam, friends, and family all made it so much better!
JUST made this profile no friends 
@sogeometric: My coworkers told me it was real! It's not my fault! 
The feedback has unfortunately confirmed that I do look gay. Why did my friends and family not tell me this sooner 
@hhband i would but none of my friends have twitter and the one that has it follows you!  sorryyy
why all the things falls somewhere sometime? i think we will be friends for ever..... our friendship wasn't so long  I miss you a lot
everybody needs good friends.. if they wouldn't be so far away  this long distance is killing me
@jakXcore haha, i do that already w/ strangers it seems.  makes me miss yahoo chats.
is in need of friends 
is going bowling with the friends! (: Heathers last night 
why would i want to talk to you when you're with your friends? gosh. i wish you didn't fucking text me..  
i'm tired of missing someone always,  i want all my friends getting near of me. but it will be impossible 
Missing my best friends a lot. 
Chilling and watching friends.  A little bored, but I just can't get myself to read my journals 
facebook is acting weird. I still have all my friends updates, but when I got to check &quot;all friends&quot; it says I don't have any. 
facebook keeps saying i don't have any friends... and then it tells me to find friends 
Needs new // more friends    lol
I miss my classmates. 
I dunno what worries me more: the number of friends tweeting #sytycd, or that I know what they are taking about 
I miss my 43 other roommates 
didnt go to strawberry festival. friends ditched out 
@darrenthedude we were forced to turn it down!  my friends mom is a spoil sport....
I need more followers that respond to me.....Actually i need friends...and a life! LOL!!  its sad though!
I'm worried about two of my friends  I need comfort cake...
i dont no what to do tonight  go sleep at a friends. or go party? lol
@erockett89 take that back. I have friends. Just none that would go to pride with me. 
mom's friends are coming so she won't let me sleep 
@dmnp90 even anchorman... I  understand if you don't want to be friends anymore 
I want to do something interesting with my friends, but weather is soo bad in here 
i have come to realize that i will forever be 2nd choice with family, friends even partners 
is feeling very disconnected and homesick....i miss my church and friends and beach so much it hurts 
@tysiphonehelp I don't have any requests. I am on vacation with my friends family and I don't get mine until tomorrow night  depressing.
Wanting to hang out with friends but obviously they have better things to do!! 
at work like a zombie....wondering who my real friends are 
Loves work, her friends and her life but doesn't enjoy being alone 
@gigarcia All my friends are at university  Or aren't answering their phones *annoyed*
@mccartd1 my coworkers might not appreciate that. 
why do my friends insist on putting me in the worst situations? 
just said bye to one to one of my great friends ryan sitig. he is leaving to afa. 
summer is so boring without friends.,.... and i dont have friends close to me. they all live in temple city      
gahh i'm so bored and i miss troy, and friends are retarded sometimes  whatever happened to life w/o drugs and drama and stupid fights? D:
So annoyed that my friends are being so crap to such a lovely person 
get it how badly I want it my friends already have it except me that's sad   
shut up. i have no friends 
i wish my friends would answer my texts 
Getting ready for a friends of mine's birthday! i haven't seen any of my friends in a LONG time!  tonight should be awesome! 
my other siblings get to see their friends all the time.  I want to see mine 
I miss my classmates 
Hanging w friends downtown... An ex is here w my friends and it's so weird/awkward! 
One of my best friends is leaving me for 3 months  Just came back from her goodbye party, was fun but sad ;(
I definitely need more baseball friends 
@humbertx2 I don't hang around enough dumpsters to see her! I also like keeping friends in my immediate age group, we won't mesh 
Myspace told me i need friends too 
@loveandreverie Wish my friends wouldn't have bailed out so I coulda seen you boys play   
I'm jealous.these pictures are cuter than me  //I went looking for a nice spot to hide and I discovered a clan of dustballs.Making friends
kat needs to hang out with her real friends more 
Wishes he could understand his mothers unorthodox parenting skills. He also really wants 2 go 2 bubble island with his friends 
outside with B and the neighbors. why won't you text me? 
Just woke up from a nap. I apologize friends. 
Missing her babies and her friends. 
I wish all my friends were here so we could party like it was pre-industrial era 
Now I know I'm going to miss my closest friends when I'm out on the cruise. 
I hate when my friends don't answer my texts    
first time to play cashflow 202 with friends, still needs to get a hang of it 
Missing my best friends..  Hoping to spend some time with them..
I miss my myspace friends!!!!! 
hasn't been able to see one of her closest friends in over two weeks 
is saying goodbye to many close friends 
want's more friends 
@mitchelmusso i would love to go to your concert but my parents wont let me  but you'll prob see my friends
Chillinnn with friends, works tonight 
@kpaigep I can vouch for @ksmullis and her level of cool! Yay I like when my friends become friends! Now I feel sad I'm so far away 
Helping our favorite neighbors move out 
lalala. miss school. i like seeing my friends on a daily basis. 
wow... summerz really boring there's nothing 2 do when friends can't hang out 
All my friends are 150 miles away  (Not counting siblings here.)
missing my friends that are on holiday in #italy without me.  
was with my best friend at the cinema and then went to the beach beautiful weather, we wanted to met friends but they weren't there 
i miss watching Friends 
Wish my friends were at the lake with me!   *nodaybut2day*
@kimriach my sister and her friends 
 I aways feel terrible when my friends get yelled at.
Seriously asks himself if some of his friendships are really worth it 
Just re-read the letter my friends gave me b4 i left  i almost cried...i hav the bestest friends evr im gonna miss them sooo much!
@AMPMinnie I have no coworkers 
waiting for friends to come over for dinner....i am starting to get a migraine 
i'm sad none of my friends are here  #club231
i hate it when people come between two good friends and tear them apart 
@10TheDoctor10 ( *comfort*  We're all your friends here or good acquaintances. We all share a common interest. )
I need more adventurous insomniac friends 
missing friends at the moment.. 
Aw my neighbors are gone  weird.
wow all my friends have plans tonight  this is why I need a girlfriend
I now understand why you bring friends to parties... wish @robertdeez was here. 
once you don't see your friends on a daily basis, its like they aren't even your friends anymore . or something 
It was good seeing my old friend again. last time i'll see them for a while  don't you hate when your friends move?
all my friends grandparents are dying....the 4th in like a month 
I miss my childhood friends  I want to meet them again ...
@LaBelleMusik mediatakeout is saying you and jordin sparks are more than friends....  not even cool...
has no9 friends and no life 
I apparantly have this ability to stay up very late and wake up very early... Why can't my friends do the same? 
@allisonjb No I don't, my friends hate the game 
@physigory D'aw. I know the feeling. I lost a lot of friends very quickly recently. 
Fml just found out my best friends against homosexuals 
@mizsedz u can check out my profile. I was talking about sum earlier. I'm feeling better now. I can't be mad @ friends too long lol 
@kaisdavis I need to get out more. I am still trying to find cool people here, most of my friends moved away. 
picking my sister up from her friends house.. I have a headache 
really starting to miss my friends!!! especially after i saw that video 
@ the airport saying farewell 2 some grobie friends 
I loved the visit from friends, but now it's after 5a and I can't sleep.. I wish at least one stayed 
feels  coz she'll miss her friends http://plurk.com/p/12o1pm
just slept round a friends house, it was cool but there wasn't much to do 
My parents have gone on holiday and left me all alone  I need to make some friends
I can't fall back asleep and none of my friends are awake 
I miss my classmates. 
planned to catch up with friends, but sadly  no one's online 
but they put people on the best team without backhandsprings.   all my friends made the team and i didnt 
wishes she could go to the beach with her friends, i hate not feeling well 
don't want to be separated from her classmates 
@sellout No way, you're coming here and I'm going there?? So sad! I have friends from college who are gone that weekend too 
Who has female cousins/friends/whoever of age 21 - 25? 
@GypsieFree aw hope u like it. I've had abunch of friends that have seen it and they all said its not that good  so I haven't gone lol
going out of my mind! i have no friends 
@Ktok I usually go in with 2 few friends. he only some of us get in, it's no fun 
Where will this leave the kids??? That my friends, is the saddest part of all.  
is sat wondering how all her uni friends are. im not used to not seeing them on a daily basis 
@yourface1313 we can't make it! we have some friends from college staying this weekend 
@AlexAllTimeLow sailor moon friends would be soooooo cool 
Eating jimmy johns alone. Where are my friends 
is sad, sad, sad to be leaving her friends 
@fakesound don't you want me and my friends to have jobs? 
@KentAllard that was really sad  i wish ud reconsider being friends
I'm soo oober lucky to have good friends 7 whole weeks without them 
I need someone to hang out with. I have no friends  lol.
In bed trying to organise a mass spooning where is everyone my friends are slow 
Why is the stupid Gealteach kidnapping my friends :@ 
is NOT at my local graduation even though all my friends are either playing or signing. I'm part of that .1% who doesn't do either... 
none of my friends have twitter???? 
ugh I should've stayed hanging out with my coworkers 
I feel so alone ! I miss my true and old friends 
I need more local friends  everyone is like 45 minutes away
I made this quiz for my friends &quot;how well do you know me?&quot; and...apparently, they don't know me. 
O wow i just found an old binder with my old friends signature on it  now im sad.
You know what I hate when people spend every minute with their boyfriends and never have time for their friends anymore 
So right now I am watching the strangers.  save me
where has twitteria gone  friends?
I have a bad feeling about one of my female friends and i tried to avoid her but i sympathize and now its all coming back to haunt me 
No classes again, I miss my friends 
has to get up really early to say goodbye to one of his best friends. 
@Sabrinaax now I will be sad from u  I thought we r friends across the globe &amp; u remember me 
i'll miss my parents and my friends 
dinner with friends. Last time we all go out. 
@Future111 well I'm in a car with some friends soooo it's not up to me 
I hate traffic!! makes my friends late to dinner and me alone in eastwood 
i wish i could quit life, i will abandoned by my friends, the ones who made me 
@akailam it was that damnable episode of friends, why would they all leave 
you know i had really bad friends before i changed schools they r fun but not really nice they r nasty and make me the joke 
Wtf, I must be really ugly or funny looking because I can't make any friends here my own age.  self-esteem -10
back in the southern hemisphere and feeling deflated. I miss my friends 
All my colleagues have deserted me 
I'm sick and i've lost a gOod day with my friends 
@stephunnyjane got any good job openings? my friends husband is about to get laid off and he has a family 
20 more days left to the internship will surely miss some of the friends here 
@JimmyGordon hugs, no real friends.  And I was in track and always came in last 
change is good... but i don't like the way some of my friends are changing. this has to be the hardest part of life... friends changing 
Just got off a very ill filled night at work ..off to try and sleep since my friends internet is down.. missing @cronogenesis muchly &lt;3 
@duhitsemelia well if I could I'd have my friends go to  D-land with me, but no  ...
being bored like always well at least for now all my friends are gone on vacation! 
I am so swamped! I will get online again soon. I will not neglect my best friends! 
@thisboyelroy And extra exciting because the creators are friends! 
@rolyatoj just some teething problems, my new house &amp; I will be friends 
@blackhouse i'm sure the colleagues really appreciate that 
@pgrossi A female friend of his placed judgement on me just as you did  She created a problems for him w his friends-he wrote the sweetest
@AigburthArmsdo great ill bring some friends along as well lol 
HAve a great day my friends 
so thankful to have amazing friends to help me when I'm in a pickle 
had a lovely night with the best boyfriend and two very good friends 
@ninaneverknew: Me too. I want to have an overnight drinking session with friends, and I mean all of 'em! Haha. 
happy about his friends  
@dmf71 i really like following your tweets. you and your friends are very interesting. i follow them, too 
time to add my friends 
@vanessaev Probably still better than them coming from your coworkers. 
if my neighbors heard me singing...i hope they know i'm just playing around 
@KimberlyStew  but, in the long run, I'm doing this for me, my friends just get to benefit from it too   and at that, I'm contented.
@juliebenz I'm wishing you lots of fun at the convention,lovely meetings with your fans+friends.I think a few of our JMfanboard are there 
Witnessing a dear friends ordination. 
's coworkers are wondering why he's so giddy lol. 
@cindyscottday I think tweeting in all caps is obnoxious and so are the celebrities doing it.  I'm quite happy with my 'normal' friends 
is interested in making new friends... 
@Rodafowa filling up so be quick if you can...i'm superdupergill if I'm not in your friends list 
@MarjorieYan i totally remember you  my friends are funny aren't they??? hope u have a great night girl
met ejo,e.d daily and others 
bored, as usual. but i got facebook and have 18 friends from the last 24 hours 
Everyone is fucked up and I'm not!!! I love my friends!!!! 
waking up early to drive to yosemite for hiking with friends! 
Lot to be said of friends like these!!!! I have the most amazing friends ever. And that's not the booze talking. 
@RealEstateXpert  I know what those kinds of hikes and naps are like - good and bad.  I'm just getting home from jamming w/ friends! 
is making new friends that she already had just never really talked to  anyone want to chat?
had an amazing night filled with wonderful people that I am happy to call my friends 
i have 92 friends in pet society. wow! 
my friends (mainly sam and kaylah) and i make soo many jokes about horses/pharlap/trace, it's not funny. hHahisklfas 
filmed my iil5 video. that, my friends, is preparation 
@donitabaker look on mine and add more friends ;) you can be friends with mine on twitter since I won't let you on facebook!! 
is having a blast meeting friends and family 
@fionafionafiona I got bored in the second half and switched to Friends 
@schwegler we don't need permission to be friends 
Finding more friends. add me up.  feel free. 
Filabertoes always taste the best after a night of clubing @ 3a.m. and in the company of great friends 
just had a really cool conversation with my mom. i'm lucky we are friends and to have her. 
@SonneEngel yes for 4 days with 2 friends  *__*
Totally loving my friends and family. Thanks everyone for supporting me! 
What a weird phone conversation with my bests friends  really, they're my life.
Enjoying a few drinks while talking astronomy with good friends. 
had a good night...didn't study much but had quite a few laughs with some pretty great friends 
i get to see two random and wonderful camp friends today 
welcomes @laurinsorbet to his friends list!!  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/rdzi6
turkish dinner was good n I made some new friends 
having breakfast with some friends 
Support is love, remember to support your friends and family even when they push you away, it's for their own good 
is having a good night w/ friends... 
jump on it, let's do it! ride it....my pony! i love my friends 
Just had a great night with great friends!! 
At a kickback with friends 
@langfordperry i have all ten seasons of friends that i still watch everyday  i love you the best.
@SummerLovinq no its good when you hae lots of friends, i prefer to fb 
@PeterBlackQUT i have good friends tho they all came out and we all hanged out at another bar  were going to fluffy soon!
@lindseylauren my top5: a little less sixteen candles, a little more touch me, vegas skies, the way we talk, hey brittany, &amp; just friends 
is going to get some vitamin D, then going up to the park with some friends 
None of my friends have twitter? They should get one 
still up, just had a nice conversation with friends, inspirational as always, those pesky goblins 
@altpressLA my friends are getting pissed at me cus i keep asking them to follow you  i want the poster THAT bad.
at dinner with some good friends 
@CliqueGirlzFANS hey add my dear friends please 
@heathermaexoxo I'm hanging in there.  We do have lots of friends here. Its awesome.
@sowrongitstayy aw thank you   tell ur friends!
Yessssssssss! @AmyKoshy is coming over to distract me while I work on my project late into the night. What else are friends good for?? 
watching wowowee on our neighbors house 
@UrbaneGorilla sure, but for me is nothing that exciting, just visiting my parents, sister and some friends.  
@justlikeanovel ahhahahahah  #professionaltroutslapperandprocrastinator is to long, how bout #p.t.s.p ??? abbreviations are our friends  
me and my friends are just sitting here and searching for pictures on google   haha, my friend found pictures of her father! haha
morning twit-friends! welcome to my new followers 
1 more to 800... which one of your friends deserve a free hug? 
@elysion32  I am here to make friends.. real life, internet.. what ever level people are comfortable with.. 
was an international student today  had sooo much fun at sixflags with friends i don't know well enough!
I had an amazing night with my friends!!!  now I am losing my voice!
Talking to my good friend Neika on myspace... I used to be friends with her, then hated her, and now am great friends with her again!! 
had a great night with friends 
@Jasonniu thanks!!  my friends and I went and watched movies and ate chocolate chip pancakes at one of my friends' house. it was fabulous!
traveling alone makes i meet new people,new circle ..strangers become friends 
Adding Comments for my friends  want sum?
Spend a great time with family and friends. Thanks you guys 
i've lost friends, lost lovers, but i've still got my soul 
@OfficialLucasT i want u 2 reply 2 me!! hahha my friends bother me bout how much i message u im just like its the only way he'l reply lol 
@killedforless like i said, it was a great group effort to keep you from knowing all that happened to you. you're friends are awesome 
got back from a friends house ate fish and shrimp! very yumm-o! 
has 700 followers!! woo hoo! let's make it to 1000! tell all your friends  www.wgtsmagazine.com
just got back from walking around my gorgeous neighborhood with my lovely roomies 
@aikabelle eat your veggies, not your friends 
seriously...baseball and friends make me SO happy!  i had an unbelievable night!
goodnight friends and followers all  pleasant dreams.
@Joydaily I only show support to my hard working attractive friends with potential 
i need friends on facebook lol.....so send me a link so i can add you wonderful people 
networking, socializing, what else? 
just surfing the net..and i'm so excited to see my friends again in the opening of classes 
i have a very lonely life and search desperately for friends  ahh i kid, i just get bored easily  #WhyITweet
Telling funny stories to my friends, I love them &lt;3 
I need some more friendly friends  hi paw!
@bellamiasalon I don't play cards against the casino, I prefer to play cards with friends that I already know how to read. 
just had a wonderful evening with some good friends!!!! 
...a great evening with our friends.  
This has been a great night with @smitrand... So good we're going to bed early  g'nite friends...
@penguinnose add me!  I use it to stalk celebs. HAHA. And to keep in touch with my friends in the States.  now I have to look for them
last night was so much fun! i love my friends, they are awesome 
watching friends. can't wait for harpers island 
@voodoo_girl_ I liked the one who got with her best friends dad. That was a good storyline 
@andrewjamescott i'm confused haha. going to follow my friends the dragons 
@bronxbombuh well the point of twitter is to make friends and share in their lives isn't it? 
@bqo6 A lot of live men have no friends either, especially if they're in politics! 
and so the trip ends... we are checking out.. well my friends are checking out as i speak 
i  just came back from downtown, and now barbequing with my friends 
Has had a fab weekend with family and friends! 
having a nice evening with my best friends 
having a good time with my family and looking forward to seeing my friends... i'm a graduate 
has just got home from my friends, had some toblerone cheesecake,which was very nice  
by the way I'm in my dads car with my friends and my mom. p.s 2 friends both girls sandra and consuelo 
Being thankful for a lovely weekend  and for wonderful family and friends.
#3turnoffwords Lets be friends.  I've used that one a time or 2.
just finished watching angels and demons with my friends 
just woke up  work at 4. hanging with friends until then 
On the way to the mall with friends. 
Just finnished dying my friends hair!,leaving for gridley soon! 
http://twitpic.com/5dkvt - the bestest friends anyone could have 
I am here chatting with friends nd having fun!!! 
loves my friends more then pudding. 
Crashing after an awesome day and night w/ the best family and friends!! 
is sick and tired of school work. it sucks. but i love my friends! 
I am liking friends for sale 
I am glad I have a lot of friends, but I am even happier that I have close friends. 
@pimpyouriphone I will have to do the same soon for my friends 
have just got a letter from one of my best friends how nice is that 
i love to discuss dramas with friends. 
@betaboy Not unless I was one of the stolen generation XD But thats cool, we can be friends anyway 
@estoni pilot friends? brother, sounds like you are living the life! what led you to kenya? don't be surprised if i hit u up when in drc 
its funny how strangers can actually make your day. i love strangers. 
swinging is not just about sex, it'a about friends too. then sex 
my friends are so funny and cheer me up 
Txting friends.....my day is going so good so far       
Having fun on friends for sale on facebook 
loves being with friends! I enjoyed tonight's brief meeting!  http://plurk.com/p/ukd4x
is prayin for refreshing for her friends. you know who u are!  
Is happy to have got in contact with some old friends via facebook 
great weekend with family and friends, onward to a beautiful monday 
@bigjoesmith I think I need to expand my friends list then... lol That made my day, thank you. 
@BeautyfulSoul Yh you need friends otherwise you lead a very boring and solitary life, friends bring alternatives and excitement to life 
When you guys see these picture$$$$$$..don't judge me. Its just a 24 y.o. having fun with his friends. I'm just me and just like u. 
@steffanii013 at least you won't be leaving your classmates here.  i'm sure they'll miss you. 
I just wish my some of my friends would find success &amp; be triumphant in everything they do! I hope they keep the faith!!! 
@blustockings123 i love us..... true friends keep you company till 7am  and then take you home hahah !
None of friends ever/want to sleepover so when 1 of them actually does i want them to have fun 
great night with my best friends 
Going home after watching a movie with my friends! 
Smiles are so infectious. I love smiling at strangers 
About to go out for dinner with my mums and bubs group of friends, should be a great night 
i'm so sorry my dear friends ... but he made it eventually, he he .. 
@chairXhat I never knew me being a writer could produce such popularity amongst friends.  What is this massive story you speak of?
@CustomizedWed i appreciate the #followfriday, thank you! twitter friends, check out @@CustomizedWed 
the vacation is almost over and i'm going to miss all the good moments with my friends and family... 
Feeling better now. Thanks, my dear friends! 
I'm in a new form with 2 of my best friends! 
is ready for a long weekend of cleaning, yardwork and seeing friends 
i miss my friends. even the ones who abandoned me for the beach 
@wendilynnmakeup hey hey  have a great day with friends ... no work!!!  WHOOT!  ..noticed no ribs but always burgers and dogs at friends'
Oh how I've missed my camp friends 
@Ivonbartok - ... and I dont have many friends. But those friends I do have can handle being told the truth about their nosy habits. 
and the countdown begins: 58 hours to best friends and happiness. 
@redd314 friends were so cool and down 2 earth it was fun...  
love spending time with sisters tired and relaxing by watching friends 
I can't sleep......again....but I did talk 2 friends I haven't talked to in awhile 
@KittysKitchen they were received from friends who believe in me and want to see my blog grow 
@lennytoups oh you've been talking to one of my good friends 
@jessfortonight just making sure my friends are always happy 
@ahsan It really is cool. How complete strangers can reach out and help each other...it's awesome  g'night
It's funny the things U can learn about friends you've known for years. A friend told me 2night that she collects butterflies.Who knew?! 
Running into one of your best friends at strathpine and then spending the next hour shopping and gossiping is the best  I love u kiddo!
@LithiumRox you could always just tell your mom you met friends from school who have cells from their hometowns. 
@jakieee08 follow fridayy is when you pick a few friends and tell others to follow them. 
@JanayS haha its fine for me  im worried for my friends tho... xD
