Most common words for this cluster:
[('friend', 1249), ('buddy', 59), ('lol', 34), ('com', 28), ('guy', 27), ('today', 26), ('http', 26), ('someone', 25), ('u', 25), ('amp', 23), ('haha', 21), ('im', 21)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'friend', 0.9373299479484558), (u'pal', 0.7572181820869446), (u'buddy', 0.7395804524421692), (u'friends', 0.7132130861282349), (u'dear_friend', 0.6711049675941467), (u'SeekingAffluent.com', 0.6602739095687866), (u'cousin', 0.6559069156646729), (u'Joan_Rens_nodded', 0.6496871113777161), (u'acquaintance', 0.6422845125198364), (u'girlfriend', 0.6408575177192688)]





crying  my friend is moving away tomorrow 
just got back from the funeral of a government employee-friend.    http://plurk.com/p/n0bvd
Is looking for a dress for her friend but can't find it 
@divapromotions I agree, sendout cards rocks!  Just sent one today to a dear friend that I had to let go 
at the hospital getting my friend put in 
a friend broke his promises.. 
Is grumpy she is no ones bestest friend 
@RyanSchartz nay my friend.. i must apologize.. 
Is about to go paint a house, and missing my bestest friend 
@yulea oooh deaaar  a good friend of yours?
@bergenlarsen ha no  my friend is visiting and he brought his computer
@PushPlayCJ my friend and i were like 20 meters away and we didn't see u!!!! gosh we're so stupid! plus, we wanted autographs 
@anitacochran actually didn't even know she was in the hospital.. great friend i am..  fail
Trying to search for a friend but apparently twitter has a search limit.  
is beat from a looongg day and thinks he might have accidentally helped a friend by crack 
@Licokitty just problems with a friend. future isn't looking too bright with her and I. 
UGH !! im so worried about a friend 
Is caught off guard, saddened, and confused by the actions of a close friend. Wondering if its due to alcohol?? Completely bewildered. 
feel so sad that none of my friend are in twitters 
my intuition was as always right  got a phone call yesterday from my boyfriend, said he was at friend's place. 2 girls there!! rrrrrrrrr
@iamDavidMarsh to bad i'm not ur friend in person or i would help. 
@tatiny my friend!!  how do i clean that? it's nylon at least..
work to my bf watching southpark and then jumping of bed to visit a friend without me  ....doing bikram at 3 though
Really sad that my friend moved cities. 
@craftymaddie Unfortunately you'll prob have the last laugh on us all buddy 
@coplandmj ain't my friend no more, she didn't even get me an easter egg 
In shock ...thought this girl was my friend that's just sad... 
Another friend leaves the city. dek = not happee 
i've got goosebumps.  miss him so much. 'new friend' is no more.
My buddy list is toast. 
I wish my friend mary would come visit today 
forget it! i cannot read my friend's handwriting to copy down the notes. 
@KoruCottage no more copies  let me know if you have another signed one, a friend of mine is fighting cancer
presentation was good according to my friend but i think it was rather bad! 
@sugahplume He's my friend's angora bunny, just got put down today 
my friend in infy got laid off   m sorry for him
@georgia_a_c lol, i wish! long story short, my friend sat next to him and got to talk to him, and i didnt. and now im upset. 
 get better friend. It sucks not to be able to taste. So sorry
i dont think im getting a barbell..... now i owe my friend 5$ 
heading out to help a friend move house so this'll be the last tweet for a little bit 
i love seeing my friend and my cat!!!! this is the best trip ever!!! i dont watnt to go home on sunday 
@flickaddi its doing that with my friend requests 
wanting to go to my auntie's friend's despedida party but i'm not dressed well 
just had news my father's best friend from school and a family friend died yesterday  cancer.
uup,tired as hell, trying to figure out if i should solve this matter with my friend....  
after prom part-ees were really nifty. i miss my stranger friend though  socute.
@ShakedOz it is true!!  what kind of friend are you?!?! :'(
@emilyarcher thanks  me too. . . I just found out that i probably won't see my best friend or my nephew for a long time if ever again 
a friend is sometimes your worst ennemy  
yay the rents arent home! but this moring was sooooooo looonngg! my brother had his annoying little friend over  ugh!
@haydensmom1004 damn them! I've been feeling that too lately in the friend area 
Helping my good friend move out of the dorms....and away from lbk 
that is very unfair. They make the violinist drop her friend then let a man making silly noises go through 
Ugh...I keep seeing stuff that reminds me of the best friend that I had to give up! 
D&amp;D 4E starter set is well written, comprehensive and smart, unlike the 3E set a friend gave us which is a pathetic mess. But I *like* 3E 
@DenzelBurks im lonely too  i needa cuddle buddy lol
@dukesofdaville ric, you suck for changing the plan.  dude would have been gone by now.  thanks for nothing, old friend! 
@jacobonthecoast I'm sorry I've been a shitty friend. 
@byronrode ouch.  That sucks, sorry my friend 
I need a cuddle buddy 
the friend zone sucks 
Not me but a good friend. Sucks man.  
@CyranDorman No, haven't had any texts!  which makes me teeny bit worried as not heard from friend about cinema later... 
I had to cancel cinema with my friend tonight because I feel quite the ill 
@Princessq82 cuz it was raining and my friend didn't feel like driving anymore  i missed my boo's party
My best friend and I have an email relationship now  never calls, never has time...
just tried messing around with him, and he told me only liked me as a friend..  so much for second chances...
@omebia:  it's okay... I'll be your best friend. I told him that was mean to say...
Is worried about her good friend 
@DJCervant absolutely! I miss my friend.   When will be your first arrival?
oh!  an old friend is bad with me! why? i love her.. :s
Best friend is now gone  god this sucks
I need a cuddle buddy... 
airport @ 530 to say bye to a friend 
Getting ready for bed--so sad to hear that my friend's dog passed away today. 
I'm having issues with a certain someone. I'd like to have her in my life, more than just as a friend....It'll never work unfortunately.  
moping about my friend chris. 
It's 2 a.m feeling like i just lost a friend hope you know its not easy, easy for me 
i am worried about my friend, she is a really special one, and i love her, and she is in the hospital 
@missgreens no I dont  I really really REALLY want a little puppy-friend but the man of the house hasn't been convinced of my plan yet 
@mcherrywv  No my friend, read on, I got caught out  serves me right.
really sad that graduation is coming so fast...and i'm losing my best friend.. 
good friend and great lawyer b. michaels was my 300th follower...too bad the majority of the group are spamers 
just got back from the hospital cause my friend fell and sprained her ankle  ialso got a haircut 
Oh my gosh I'm so bored right now ! I wish I had a friend over 
really needs her buddy right now 
have a bad head ache my boy friend makes me fuckin madd! 
@OrganizedDanie aww friend..did u not have fun?  what did u guys do afterwards? I nvr heard from u
@DomHarvey Did he use the guards that prevent him from gutterballing? They are a good friend of mine, and yet i cant reach 100 
@fearless911 i think they went away lol. I woke my friend up though, she wasn't happy 
@jasonmitchener I know...I have no business complaining at all...friend of mine just buried her son who had hydrocephalus. He was only 5 
giving a friend relationship advice  i thought they were the perfect couple
sad.. my friend kei is leaving for libya.. 
i suppose i shouldnt rant on twitter but what they hey ...  the 1 thing i could do at peace with a good friend has now been tainted! 
I want chris back :'( how did things get this fucked up? I miss my friend 
someone i thought was a friend told some of our mutual friends i was rude 
@mariokiki aww...I'm sorry 2hear that friend 
@msbds let's not get into him... I'm not his friend rite now hw made me sad 
@elainepasia me too.. Different situation friend.. But still.. a bummer 
Talking to my mentor! I miss em alot 
@alexjonline know what I met a friend yesterday when we went to a restaurant, &amp; said she did not vote as the ink will spoil her nails 
@mattsorvillo Not the case my friend.  As of yesterday, they made it so you can't see that stuff unless you're also following @apizzagirl 
says I just got word that a friend's cancer-stricken son died earlier today.  http://plurk.com/p/tpeaj
Just cause you want to talk to your girlfriend, you call her best friend at three in the morning. 
@cameronstewart your friend's facebook comment  still feel bad
cycling buddy fell while cycling 
@porschac i'm feeling your pain friend. working on last minute crap myself. boohoohoo 
My friend-since-junior-high is getting married next weekend! And I won't be there!  http://twurl.nl/id6thk
@pixelatedmemory I know! I'm so jealous and it's most likely free coz his friend's dad has connections! 
new friend! yahoo.com now that google let me down 
@tech061 I'm sorry to hear about your furry friend 
@discobisc LOL...hey, friend.  I don't work on the weekends.  
@noellelyons I miss our green bandana friend 
im not up this early for pleasure, got called to go save a friend of a friend from getting arrested. half way there his wife got him 
Moping around... my friend is sad, and I can't make her smile. 
@tatylicous I wanted to dance with you awwwww  LOL LOL maybe next time I just wasn't going to leave my friend that's why I'm not like that
just heard the news that my childhood best friend just had a miscarriage 
disslikes a certain somebody who is stealing my friend (via @trendylicious) my bad 
Shoot. I 4got to get my harderive and bring it to church and give it to a friend   
is making a right old mess of wrapping a friend's wedding pressie 
Not meeting my friend for breakfast now.  Just don't feel like doing anything at all.
My dad is taking 4ever to leave for my friend's b-day party!!!!!!! 
i miss my best friend brittany 
Going to buy a bike, cause my friend's mom ran over my old one 
@ABIBAN well then that's the one I love, my friend works with him (or did) and he's married 
http://twitpic.com/5di7w - just got done making my crabdip for a friend's bridal shower!! I can't eat any 
So i was just informed that my best guy friend is taller (he was super short) and his voice changed and just in one year! Awww I miss him 
@1misanthrope you make me miss my best friend 
how can a friend falling in love with another friend, be my fault?? 
I hope my soon to be ex-wife will find new boy friend is worth it. 
My friend keeps playing with the piano!  It's so loud
i hope I'm not in trouble i left a sad comment on my dear old friend Danes page 
@katieinthehat it's difficult when that happens, you feel like you've lost a close friend 
@kufufu I don't think it's on youtube, but it was on TVBJ and our family friend recorded it for us or something 
I really wish my best friend had been smarter. The sad thing......... I thougth she was. 
@foreverivy Yes it does  But I simply tell him he's my close friend, he'd understand that.
is missing an old friend who refuses to talk to her.He wants to be left alone,but I don't feel like it  I m miserable !
smoke is clearing up, fire's starting to appear visible.. (dedicated to a friend) 
@OMGitsJessieLee I'm sorry to hear about your friend, I know how it is to loose someone 
maths exam was soo hard, even my friend who's targeted an A* said it was 
@saralwin haha i know...it's really scary  lol my friend read marley and me, and i asked wot happened. bad idea haha
Ugh. A fucked up dog and a shitty friend. Who else wants to jump on the swear train? 
a good friend from childhood died last night  sad
My cousin's lovely bunny was dead. He hasn't known yet about this, he's on vacation now. How can I tell this to him? I'm so sorry, dude 
@sanford42 I know, worst.friend.ever! 
8)        &lt;- an ugly lady friend thinks he's hot w/o his 'stache.
@thamburgs lol I found it amusing tht you called them barbies in front of their friend =D it was a boring trip 
My dating buddy's not here 
@pat_tricks ah just a friend, he is refusing to like my hair  x
@robotrock I don't know if I can be your friend anymore after that spiderman comment.... 
@RieTheChick I tried to follow your friend but it was an error message that came up. 
my best friend is moving to san francisco 
@jennrods Don't hold your breath my friend... 
I want a robot friend 
@shamara99 link is broke friend  redo it pls..nd im calln to request a sng 
So evidently my gf likes to pick on me about my friend count on myspace   !concrete feet!
@corderoy my friend is moving one. she can be mean but I met her in kindergarten. 
i haven't talked to my best friend all day. i miss him  (p.s. i can see cely rolling her eyes at me.)
Waiting for my L4D buddy. She takes long. 
It seems emily's mom doesn't want to talk to me *sigh* there went the only friend I had 
my bracelet my friend gave me broke. im sad. 
@MCRmuffin it's okay. A friend of mine... I'm just really close to him, and idk when I'll be able to get online to talk to him again. 
@heyrocker that's terrible!   i hope your friend will be okay.  xo
i feel like crying stupid guy problems for me and my friend!  
i miss my friend shirley .......   
I'm sick of my pseudo best friend.   
@kingsburgval truest friend remember we were talking about me talking to him about next year? thats not going to work now 
@lcarmell21 hi friend...long time no talk   how are u???
I just disappointed a friend. Fuckkkkk  Nothins worse than that.
I miss my best friend so much.  When are things EVER going to get back to normal?? It really sucks when you're not allowed to talk...
@benjamind a friend found it out and we're watching it  before it goes to the shelter tomorrow... i wish i could keep it but can't 
Pops is my only bed buddy again tonight 
@youngcardi lol fuck u. i aint yo friend no more. dat hurt my feelinqs 
@scarletmandy I told the three-ring joke to a friend who was getting married.  He wasn't amused.  
spent some chatting to my friend tonight. she's being sued by her previous employer for talking to her old customers (she's a contractor) 
@bdub1983 you have to take buddy... what would you do without him? 
I get the bad friend award.  Supposed to call someone a few hours ago and now it's too late.  
I miss my best friend, dustin, sososo much right now 
@BOOGIESWORLD would take you like back in the day... if i could.  sorry friend
@davidwynne I have a friend who does it on purpose just to irritate me. 
How are YOU convinced that I have always wanted you? What signals did I give off...damn I think I just lost another friend 
I think im being ignored...by my best friend, jake....a) i hate being ignored. b) we all know how things go with him 
Counting the minutes when my dad's g-friend is leaving 
@NickTheIntern my love!!! We still havn't done lunch together like we said we would.. I miss you my friend 
Wookei why did you never accept my psn friend request 
who wants to be FRIENDS ??? i need a friend right now 
@AlexMaza thanks for the follow! Isafailure was supposed 2 b a team thing, but my friend hasn't emailed me or communicated n 4ever 
@ArnaudJacobs haha well i was at my friend's party, but then i realized i forgot my stepmom's bday, so i had to come home to call her! 
@crystaaale wtf kinda best friend am I? I *still* haven't met the hubby. That depresses me 
@coollike are you daft  your now going to recieve a million friend invites on xbox now and one of them shall be me 
aww my friend just called and said that she got a better job so she won't be working with me anymore 
getting ready to drop off something to my man so he can hang out with a friend instead of me 
@Littleradge I have a friend who loves that spot. I want to go 
u ever have a friend that u just wonder why are we friends? i know what you get from me but i'm questioning what i'm getting from u. 
My best friend is in vegas without me 
if i had one wish it would be for my friend J to not have to work 
ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend 
i love the dreambears!.. i want a gay best friend! 
@tommcfly talk to me isn't a good idea?  i'm going to buy a gift to my friend, so you have 20 mins...
I might be a snob, because my friend-follower ratio is 6 
 just found out my friend's dad passed away yesterday 
made it into leadership, buttt i'm still not happy! how can i enjoy it without my best friend? 
is missing her best friend  commme back kayla, going out in a little while
I do the same thing to my parents and my best friend too 
I need a friend right now  , I feel like mmmm ... sosad 
Feeling lonely and in need a a good friend 
My friend has sent me such a sweet sms. I can't wait to see you, I'm actually missing you 
@algarcia3505 I want to get all dressed up and go out to, but I to have no one to go with, I'm with you mentor 
@F_L_A_M_E_R Lol, I know, chapstick is my best friend. WoW can't wait 
I just got the news that my dear friend is getting married!!! ughh... 
shoot me now  with my bro and his friend
@Grupieassistant damn can i be yall friend lol i need a lil buzz going 
Just had a chat with my bestest friend that I havent talked to in months!! I miss her 
was too crazy for my imaginary friend so he filed a restraining order against me 
done reading-txting my friend, she's sad 
at the hospital.. my friend's grandma fell &amp; broke her pelvis 
My friend sucks...drinkin without me 
i just want it to be june, when my best friend and man friend come home 
if you called me at 2 in the morning, needing a friend, i'd be there for you, tissues in hand, telling you lame jokes, erasing the frown. 
@MsSexyChin hey I'm your best friend too 
she's my best friend, wish i could see her this wknd,   hopefully next week
@RosalieHalegirl it's all 2 say bye 2 a friend 
Watching bride wars and missing my best friend 
ohhhh goshhh please pray for my friend 
@tiffanyblews I wanted him to be my new best friend so bad, but I never talked to him at my dates. 
FAIL! @Patrixiea: I failed!! He kissed another girl that was my friend..I'm sad now 
i feel really  worried about my best friend who is in hospital  ...i will visit her tomorrow...
#myweakness is when a friend of mine hates me.. 
bored of her best friend's relationship :/ take her gf away from me i'm tired 
@mynameisanya nah my friend found out bout it to late .. beside they'll be inside the building where were not allowed to be in 
costume fitting today, very upset with a friend 
@Tennistalk The volley one? A friend who lives in the usa commented it to me.. but I can't see it! 
I miss my big head friend @realist08 
Still feeling ill-ish but have this really important farewell party of a dear friend to attend 
Having a fight with my best friend is making me sad 
@ImTheC I got to work and my supervisor pulled me to the side and told me a good friend was in a motorcycle accident and may not make it. 
My thoughts are with a friend that's in the hospital  I hope she gets better soon
My friend...is snoring...very loudly, and manly.  UGGHHH! kill me now!
I went to a local brainwashing center, with my best friend and my good friend...I had to sit through an hour sermon for fucking food! 
@swiftkaratechop i'm jealous. I have to wait for my friend to come before i can get McDonalds.  She's taking forever!!
I hope my friend will get better soon.. we'll visit him tomorrow at the hospital.. i'm so worried.. 
@DebbieFletcher can you really believe that my friend (@irenitcha) won a promotion to meet the guys yesterday, but we couldn't make it? 
@laurenmontonen My friend really wants lawn cause he's coming alone. 
My best friend just left me for the summer  i wanna cry i'm so sad!!!
@MileyMandyFan7  ohh  that's funny in mine too ;) my best friend hates her 
my friend just told me she saw my picture on some website... that i didnt give permission for them to take. i feel all violated. 
@boobsie_lu you should make plans to say hello to the friend you forgot..  lol
@benjamin_cook I'm not but I know my friend is. 
Misses her bestest guy friend. Only got to talk to him at the drive thru today   TheHopeIsOurs(:
@teagirlq8 i would have said bel  6gag if it was a friend or an acquaintance... but this is a relatives reception  o every one is going 
monday: farin urlaub concert, i can't go ... i envy my friend who'll be going ... 
@sandyyv yeah my friend is in the hospital and shes been in there since wed. just throwing up everyday 
I just came from an awesome party with my friend who is leavin S.A to study in the states.  good times tho! @RevRunWisdom
Whyyy does my best friend have to be a slave to her job? 
My friend bailed out on our sleepover 
i miss my friend nathaniel... we were really close then he made a stupid mistake and ive never seen him since... 
Remembering an ol friend who passed away last night, 
my best friend makes me look like crap. i need ugly  friends 
someone kidnapped my friend sibley .. i dont think they r giving her back  and her sister too...shit they prob got the dogs too...
@OrangeGene I know  How are you my orange friend? A big *RUMBLEcuddle* to you, and I hope you're well.
@CynthiaBuroughs I also asked I wonder how my friend @siriuslyheather was? It hasn't gone thru 
@emmarossx ano thank god :| a dear friend who is missed 
unfortunately no shoot today, my friend is busy 
ive always been the bad influence friend. were 21 now and im still being accused of bad influence by moms 
@marianmacindoe I wish you were here to be my karaoke buddy. 
if a guy friend cheats on your friend and youve been sworn to secrecy, what do you do? 
my friend mad at e, y i dont know 
My friend made me a shot of vodka and I feel awful.  I don't really like drinking.
it's so disappointing when your friend backs out last minute. not inviting him ever again! 
it's so disappointing when your friend backs out last minute. will not invite him ever again! 
It makes me sad when i have to leave friend get-togethers early 
In deep thought... don't know how to feel... but just had to see my close friend leave... and move back to chicago. 
@KarinaGarcia,and you didnt tweet me some of that?lol you are not a good twitter friend 
I plan to shop til i drop tmRw, but i need a shopping buddy 
is praying that her friend sees some light before she decides to get married  http://plurk.com/p/xc5yk
I just searched my brother's name on facebook, just to see what would come up. He came up. He had a facey and didn't want to be my friend 
@Zone4Beans You act like you not my friend anymore.  I don't like it.
I now have a new best friend .................. lou 
@Jujjaloo when r u coming to london? lol &amp; why your friend loulou's not very friendly to me? ggrr never say hi or anything back 
guttted.  my auntie in italy just rang and told me how my cousin met rob and her friend served him coffee. Shes gonna send me some pics.
wanted to speak with my friend on msn, but i couldnt 
@evaves boo  ive a finnish friend in cph who couldnt ever get it to work there. i was surprised that you + liv had it working for so long
My imaginary friend filed a restraining order against me! 
@JackAllTimeLow  i said i'll be your cuddle buddy. geeez.
@Coulianos Don't  I still love you, my dear friend!
@kirstiealley awww I just got back online and you'd gone  I love my new friend kirsty !
Wishing that my friend's kitten, who has been rushed to the vet will be ok. thinking that actually It's unlikely that it will 
@imightbedanni hi tweeter friend. I'm sorry we did not have the pleasure of hanging out  soon enough we'll b free...then SONSHINE!!!! 
oh no...my best friend's grandad has died today...i will really miss him...he was so cool...  
@JackAllTimeLow id be your cuddle buddy in perth. but waitt your not coming here 
one of my best friend is going through mental disaster... can't find any word powerful enough to console him... feeling so hopeless... !! 
My best friend is moving to montana.  
@Moonflowerchild your little friend flew away??? 
My friend cried alot during the cermony! 
i'm still in shock with my friend jumping down 
@virginiayumyum do you mean your ex platonic straight best friend?? 
@x3Vanessaaaaa that sucks, it happens to my friend too, she's a redhead that's why, it totally sucks 
@millionsbyname a friend is getting her extra auto refunded. 
Just said goodbye to a friend i will never ever see again. 
Man my gothic cousin is coming over and she's forcing me to watch twilight that sucks 
@barkway So sorry you've lost your friend 
agh. pray for my roommate still. 
@DJSkreamallpro -- yayy u laughed  i put the pictures on myspace, but i dnt have u as a friend 
so confused about everything. i miss my friend 
@bitsofmymind  so sorry about your friend. That's just senseless
My best friend says I should go out with him and see how things work. I can't, I can't, I just can't! 
as opposed to not holding me cause I buried an good friend and a little sister, my now ex was fucking her ex.... way to let me down world 
@queenroxs my aunt did 2 years ago and i was real upset so im sure your friend was to! hope your friend cheers up again soon 
@clowee_tee I thought you were my loving, caring, nurturing good friend. But no, now that I know you want a tornado to sweep me away 
My friend disappeared.  I'm sure there's a good reason for it though.
@FSSouthwest Yes, however I can't get added as a friend 
Laying in bed feeling sad. I miss my best friend so much 
@samanthalexis i love my best friend! i wish you were in ashburn every day 
@lastfm because of you I can not tell friend &quot;thank you&quot; 
I just woke up, thanks to my friend screaming in my house..been in bed w a freakin headache. 
Just got halo back from a friend... Not working out so well 
I feel like a shitty friend because I can't do anything 
@scooprandell I'm way behind in my tweets... just read yours - so sorry about your friend  will have him in my prayers!
I think I lost my buddy she knows who she is 
my g/f is such a t**t. she waited till everyone was a asleep and f**ked off down her friend. what a childish f**king person. 
is sad cuz her potential hangout with a friend was cancelled. 
I just thought about it my aunt is taking my friend to see heart even though I told her I would take her 
@kaotic2 I'm sorry to hear that buddy  What's up? :/
i guess i'm pretty screwed up for helping a colleague... 
Drunk and I just want to hug my friend... 
@modernally I'm an irl person and I'm your friend!! But by irl I'm guessing you mean close  oh well
@MatthewBryan cause it feels like my best friend is giving up on me...and i need her 
Needs some advice, should I get spazz a friend? Isn't two cats strange for one person? I'm sure he gets lonely    http://twitpic.com/6e19b
My last non reply was supposed to be sent to a friend.  
@hsedmond this is my friend and he said I couldn't speak English well just because I didn't go to university 
@jomuelquerido So stoked not to be my classmate?  ))))
i don't want the project to be delayed.... i want to play with my visiting friend 
oh my! ryanne's (a college friend) mom just died this afternoon.  Condolences to you and your family...
Just received some bad news...A friend's father passed away suddenly this morning 
@Kiwein I suppose friend of mine, but still she hasn't aswered for my sms 
@granthine I need to find another friend with a hot tub. 
@adrianbye Aw, my friend josh got knocked off the top spot on tweetingtoohard 
@MssFabby as this friend has no name  (sad face) LOL FRIEND!!!!!
its a beautiful day...i miss my best friend terribly 
@ANITARiOT please tell my sister that i love her and i'm the worst friend ever and i get fucked up and forget to call her 
@CrisiLouise no, a friend of mine had an 'open' relationship with her hubby .. that has just finished 
@kirstiealley if i didn't watch the news as much as i do, i wud nvr have known that my best friend was seriously injured in an accident 
wow, a long-time friend has blocked me on here for defending my beliefs yesterday, that's sad... 
I either want a job or a friend to play with in the sun 
@Vonnieee .the trailer was awesome, my friend says that rob did bad  i was like :O
@lmb0806  me too!! I miss my shopping buddy!! 
betrayaled!!!!!!! by a good friend  SUCKS
misses her best friend... and it's my fault that we're not 'the best' anymore 
in the meantime my other roommate has gone on vacation to victoria  so ronery
My best friend is being mean  oh well im over it ;)
@barlevalon I'm sad, @tmook doesn't want to be my friend  *sniffle*
feels really sad and could use a good friend to rant to... 
Thinking of my best friend,love of my life/ possible soulmate... and wishing I could be with him... 
@XxEMxX Ahh true,  I may have to go with *gasp* a local friend!
I'm rethinking this no roommate situation....I pay far too much rent and my savings are suffering 
i think that my best friend deleted her myspace 
worried about a friend feel better boo 
My friend let me down,  did not bring me my daily dose of carrots lol!
I gave up the movie instead im texting the friend who is mad at me because i like a guy she used..... to like 
Ugh! my best friend is having the best of luck with her crush :[ i am just blah! because he has a girlfriend 
@BrentCorrigan00 Thats awesome! I can't find your actual profile though where I cand send a friend request. 
is worryed about my friend....i hope he dont do anything silly 
got done pplayin cod 4 wit my best friend boerd 
best friend came over so I didnt finish reading  but he brought jack in the box so it's all gooooood.
My friend lost his job 
@JeepersMedia I'm watching your blogtv, but I can't say anything cause I'm not added as a friend 
You might have a friend thats awnest to you but never calls you back when you need her.I do. 
@dannyjesse can you send me another friend request I accidentally blocked u 
someone come be my friend im loner again  hurry up who cares about school
im so lonely!!!!!...i need a friend 
my friend's bro had a heart attack and is in an induced paralysis. he's 19. they have no idea what's wrong. plz keep him in your thoughts 
@crdlovesyou tell your friend that i would love to follow her ha ha but she has her thing blocked 
when she says im going to be ok... i believe her. i miss my best friend so much... i hate doctors 
in love with someone i know i will never get, because he is with my best friend 
@BobaPower got stuck there when my connecting flight to houston (to visit ailing friend at md anderson) got cancelled 
Wanting to ball her eyes outtt  I miss my best friend I miss my fam   ughhhhh
I think my best guy friend just broke up with me....  wow
man i am so bored nobody wants to be my friend oh this twitter               
I want a cuddle buddy 
Oh snap! I forgot my own best friend's b'day today. Now he mad at me n disappointed. I deserved that. I'm such a lousy friend 
@rocky_2 @jillianjoyce @xtianeARRA yeah i'm okay my friend is in there he got in a accident 
Selling a few items to my ex-landlord today, then off to say goodbye to my best friend @equixtras 
had to say goodbye to a very dear friend yesterday  
met a friend from engring clg.. he said he should have had an affair back in clg.. now its hard to get a girl to marry 
i have not told my mom that i will attend the party of my friend later! what will i do?!?!? 
@mileycyrus and @mandyyjirouxx hasn't accept my friend request on youtube 
@EbonySymone well good luck with the interview... is this old navy? bummed i couldnt talk to my insomniac friend on my bday  haha
Praying really hard for a dear friend who's lying in a coma right now.Comes as such a shock 
@cleaninggirl  my sympathies for your friend. Sausages must save the world!!
is trying to remember what happened back in the interaction. friend with the hard to spell french name help meeee! 
Probably this is the first time I've lost a friend because of religion 
says cant biliv that her best friend celebrating her buffday on her bf's buffday  http://plurk.com/p/xw591
haileys best friend has the most amazing eyes i have ever seen. i wish we could swich 
spoke to my friend today who is really unwell in hospital...I am still worried about her 
A friend of mine asked me to be his editor for his dissertation - am really honored, but don't think I will have the time! 
My best friend is in csi  no buddy for spanish class -_-
@kanon88 I completely forgot about that. I'm a horrible friend lately! I don't think so though, cuz since i'm off I made other plans.. 
I just lost a good friend becouse I called him my bitch 
It's hard when your best friend has split up with her boyfriend of 5 years and she resents you talking about yours 
my mom is a jerk. she is trying to get revenge by having my friend as her friend, so that way she can destroy my friendship with her. 
Is doing another double but is off tom. But is sad her friend isn't feelin well  Just call my name babe and ill be there.
I through a paperclip at my friend and she got mad at me  I'm sorry aa!
i told ya'll...now we have lost a twitt friend  sad faces to all of you!!!
@lucianavillalba aww, dude. I got your tweets about your friend. my condolences to her and her family. That must be really tough. 
friend emailed me that she had to put her furbaby to sleep.  Not quite a happy evening for me tonight. 
your supposed to be able to call your best friend when your upset. I can't. 
 i just need my snuggle buddy backkk
@benballer You my friend, are a fool for this! http://img14.imageshack.us/img14/7285/blackjesus18159243.jpg I need it. 
@stillpixels a friend just said chockablock and now i want chocolate again. 
*le sigh* i'm a horrible party planner. :*(  no one showed up but my bro in law and his friend....and left 20 minutes later... 
You thought someone was your friend, and then they tell you they're a 360 fanboy 
@imglossytc i guess lol nobody wants 2 b my friend  lol
so sad, my friend is a repeater this year  why? 
@jonasaustralia really? do u have a friend moving away aswel  thats so sadd !
might find myself a new friend since @mikesage86 thinks im soooo lame 
@shangrey sorry  my friend just bought tickets i think
@mrskutcher I can't afford it  But I sent the link to a friend who can and is fond of your work as I am of your big heart.
...everyone has a friend over except me 
@symphnysldr i cant wait to see you guys july 2nd!! but my friend's bummed she'll miss it 
@pocketedward u should follow my friend @tina159 she loves you too but unfortunately not many people seem to love her back, here.. 
My friend is being taken away from me, from right under my nose 
@unikissa oh my.. that's really horrible, it's shocking  I hope your friend's dog can recover...
Just heard that my friend died last nite.She was such a great person and will be missed. 
@rmitty We were thinking u hated us  no message back my friend, try again now...
@blackandred oh, I'm sorry  I kinda know it, my friend is ignoring me for reasons unknown.
@snowchyld I'm sure that's great for your eyes my friend 
@neozz1 just me and my friend mary. we've been planning on going since it opened but its always rained 
@scotprincess no...my friend had no luck. As did most people I'm finding out. I'm still going...just not in the pit 
@kamikam24 but it's a friend, it might complicate things! 
@shadowfish I don't know  I've texted my friend but she might not have finished work yet. *sob*
I am putting together spice jars for a friend who's divorcing  and now I smell like Pensey's.
I feel like a walking shit heap. When did I become such a horrible friend? 
@inezherbosa I'm already sad you're not my classmate. 
i hate it when someone is flirting with him... my friend 
just said goodbye to my friend maddy frane. shes moving to florida. and i'll probably never see her again! 
i don't want to stop writing, but i promised my friend i'd go to hers...major conflict of interest! 
missing talking with my best guy-friend 
found out yesterday, friend I haven't spoken to in 7 yrs has inoperable cancer.  bummer  
@xedevinnbabyy so im not a good friend? 
doesn't get to have lunch with my friend now since his dad's in the hospital  with his cancer 
http://twitpic.com/6oifv - fell in love with this shoe.i found it and my friend bought it 
@nickitn29....You have no faith in me   How ruuuuude!!   @mocha1979, at least you support me. I'm not nicki's friend!
@killaBrittlez sorry that happened buddy. 
is grounded! my best friend &amp; I made some bad choices lol. fuckk. this weekend was suposed to kick ass, now its down the drain 
On a train, and twitterberry isn't showing my friend updates  bollocks
http://twitpic.com/6p34s - my buddy's moving  
Watching an old friend slowly start talking to a guy that's going to treat her horrible and there's nothing I can do. I feel helpless 
This has been one odd day. A friend hubby died and then I talked to another friend who is struggle to keep her clothing line going 
Watching an old friend slowly start talking to a guy that's going to treat her horrible and there's nothing I can do. I feel helpless 
sunny's the coolest friend i never see 
5 persons. YAY. but where's my friend? 
i miss my bestest friend  the best friend i ever had. and i really want to babysit one of her bunnies when she leaves..
my dad just bought someone a blackberry curve! i wish i had a friend's dad like that 
Oh the joy....just finishing installing a ceiling fan. Also chatting with great friend who is sad...  
I want a pen pal 
I think my friend on the other side of the fence moved away. I am sad 
@tommcfly love to see you online .-. it's like, you're gonna answer me  i love you tom .-. my friend says you remember me from my blouse
@tiffanyjenae @cmaggard   underage friend and anothers 21 so Daquri 
I'm his best friend ... He's just afraid of loosing me 
Just found out that a friend was arrested for mortgage fraud. 
i really wish @breezyf would be my tell all your friends loving friend with me 
@DvinMsM oh that is such sad news  I'm so sorry  but so nice that you were there for your friend!!! and kitty isn't suffering {{hug}}
Trying to get in touch with a friend who doesn't seem to want to get in touch 
my exam yesteray was a mess  i thought it went well till my friend told me the professor is a weirdo :S now i'm not so sure anymore :S
I just awoke up and I found that my dog ate my favorite candy  but she still my friend....
a friend from abroad just text me now!but oooppss! low bat...can't answer 
@digitalgravy Your little furry friend has passed away next to trampoline 
...i'm bored... waiting for my friend to come... she's having private lessons 
Really miss talking to my friend everyday 
im sad , i wanted to be for my best friend best moment and i couldnt 
@reginailu I'm sorryyy  farewell my friend. We'll see each other again
just been told that my friend's dad had a heart attack 
alcohol is not my friend  ugh.
http://www.last.fm/user/rachh1994 add me as a friend i only have 4.. such a shame 
mayb sleepova with friend idk i need to get sumthin from avenue at the 'NY and company' store but got no one to go with 
// Missing my good friend's wedding. 
missed baptisms at la jolla shores. its like missing a friend's wedding. it only happens once. 
breaking news: my 24 yr old friend has 2 grey hairs  scary. &amp; probably my fault, i'm frankly intolerable company.
@LadySprite didnt get to see it my friend was ill 
@SmooothieRider my best friend is moving to conway next month 
i am just hanging with my friend paige at her house we were going to the movies but know we arnt  ohh well i guess
my friend was quick to grab the brannigan username for his rocketmail. I am sad now. 
uuurgh i need a nap so bad  but talkin with an old friend is so much fun &lt;3
trying not to eat the chocolates i bought for a friend's care package. 
bummed her friend can't change her bearings...guess i'm going to have to take it in 
My puppy is really sick. I don't know what's gunna happen to my best friend. 
Watching an old friend slowly start talking to a guy that's going to treat her horrible and there's nothing I can do. I feel helpless  AWW
feels very uncomfortable around a close friend.  
Awwh sister graduated! I cried..  my best friend and partner in crime is all grown up.
does anyone want to be my friend, I've got no friends on here 
I want someone to be my friend without falling in love with me 
@mitchallen thats not a friend 
@IJCopon925 it comes out in august buddy. 
@YungMoney007 I'm not ya friend homie! 
omg you guise, keep my friend in your thoughts.  he's in the hospital with something really bad  apparently in his brain.
damnit my friend got m3 cravin roscoes now 
is so tempted to de-friend BravoTopChef... but i keep hoping spike will come back 
@madlyv how is your brother holding up is he doing alright with the loss of his friend 
@dallasxiao my friend just offered me some crown, but he can't drive 
I feel so selfish. I want to talk with erin. But I dont want to take him away from his friend time. 
..no best friend to day...   And bored as hell!
@snikkins How dare you get some before I have a chance to. You're no longer my friend 
@MNightNoise i let my friend borrow my dvd of it and neverrrrrrrrrrrrr got it back 
I'm off to sleep now, I wish things between me and my friend would go back to normal 
we're picking up other people talking whenever my friend goes in her basement. It's getting scary!!! kite fest might get rained out 
At kishos for dinner for friend. So mad was going to give friend blown up pic of his car but costco messed up print  grr!!
@amanicka Awww buddy! hello  i miss u 
excuse my kristy bby!! am i not a good friend? 
@jinnah My friend is fairly calm and doesn't flail. She won't understand like you do! 
@rodney1985 aww i'm sorry friend  and no i'm not (but I wish I could)
@Fiercemichi my best friend blow me off again 
I miss my bo friend 
@xTasx: can't provide id and know too little to effectively track his identity. he's a friend of yiri's and drops unhelpful clues mostly 
@jesssicaraymond nope... but a friend is.. 
@rairaiaday Sweety I'm not sure. I know my friend did it. You may have to google that one. I just tried to 4 U and couldn't find anything 
is back! busy chatting with my friend in canada.. miss him na..  http://plurk.com/p/z2f05
@maxxlove is the bestiest best friend ever! i freaking love you, babe. i shouldn't love him, but my heart goes boom when i see his name. 
i need more friend to twitter with. tweeting alone is not that fun, ya know 
Up at friggin 6am!!*sniffle* I'm such a good friend! 
Missing my friend and my cousin. Two months passed by so quickly. 
It sucks when i am finally getting comfortable with the guy im dating and my friend decides to spoon me. 
Just finished a few duels with my friend, i lost alot 
@Jncornelius  call me if you need a friend tomorrow.
getting ready for brunch w my friend at nyc....then going home  ...
Hey Tywhitt y haven u asepted my twetter friend request 
Just found out a friend got divorced as a result of the excessive hours put in as a comic book artist. She's a needy 4-color mistress 
My best friend @emparkerrr never puts up happy twitters 
My best friend is dating the guy im in love with. He doesn't know i like him, she would die for me, so i dont want to break them up. 
was going to go to #slcpride parade but it's raining and my friend that i was going to go with isn't going because her girlfriend is sick 
Where the hell is my best friend 
aww man, dad's friend just rang from abu dhabi, hes made me miss abu dhabi even more now! -.- i wanna go back! 
Lool I just showed my friend that pic..and shes like massive enrique fan..and now shes 
@mjh81 why have you disowned me as a friend on facebook!  are u embarrassed by me
went to universal citywalk last night with my friend from ventura. she had her heart broken 
@HHdakota wow. me too. when someone tells you they're your best friend, DONT believe them 
@jimkerr09 That was a really lovely tribute to your young friend....i'm sorry for your loss.  He sounded like a great lad!
@skratty007 ouch buddy  how was prom?
@callmefamous, is being a horrible friend.  tears. 
is crying because kayles is leaving.  i shall miss you my little lesbian friend
missing @PrinceOfNYC he's my only talking buddy &amp;&amp; he's not even on 
@realkidpoker damnit negreneau you werent supposed to bust my friend! 
@GlobalPatriot so sorry my friend!!! 
@AnjelusX I had russian women wanting to be my friend but no chinesse. 
@NuellePena spotted by my friend who was there..huggin and kissin 
Texting a friend who I haven't seen in a while and he's fiine but has a girlfriend.  I kno I kno.. That always happen huh lol
Forcing calculus to be my best friend today. Why does math reject my love? 
@NotHot My friend's teenager threw rocks at cars 
@isPunk what's funnier is it looked like a friend of mine! I wanted to stop to get a better look but i was going like....65mph 
too sad.  I just lost a precious friend. xo
@davidleibrandt i missed the jtv chat  my friend didn't let me go watch it because we were writing a song. boooo.
when a friend so young (55) dies, it certainly makes you check your priorities.  are you having enough fun?  just checkin'.  
@Liferoot It's his friend, and an officer  so... yeah.
I just found out that my friend has brain tumor. 
yesterday shows was awesome! am on my way to go to a friend's father funeral. 
having a best friend comes with cons :/  i forgot how lonely it gets when your other half leaves 
very very over fighting about petty things.. i miss having my best friend 
@loveemetwotimes oh, well you're not my fb friend anymore 
@janeofvolturi nuthing just waitinh for my friend heidi to show and i am getting really worried 
what the Euck is wrong with music these days?! I'm losing my friend to someone else..the tv 
Is sad her friend has to go to work tomorrow! 
@littleboyblues: kamusta siya? my friend said it was horrible. is this true? 
@kulinarykev oh my friend passed away and I just started thinking about her agian  it's really hard for me to belive she's gone
my best friend in the whole world has split from her fiance ... now i have to take the brunt of her frustrations  hope im strong enough!
@Imaged naw, a friend had a nosebleed and it dripped in i guess... 
feels like he has let his best friend down 
Missing my friend and I cant reach him on his mobile. sad 
feels like he has let his best friend down 
my best friend is moving to colorado for college tomorrow. she lives in vegas right now but i still wish she'd move back here  now i'm
@EricVictorino man I'm jealous! I love that movie but my friend has had my copy for almost a year now 
@InkedPnoi one of my best friend mom just passed away 
Needs a friend to share my stories with 
@thecalzaghe I'm seriously hoping you never get 'goaded' back out of retirement. As brilliant as you are, age is no friend to anybody 
 aw my best friend isnt terrible!!!! I have done worse to you love.
http://twitpic.com/7gekg - Just trying out twitpic on my phone...missing my best friend kerry 
So friend of mine might be leaving  sadsadsad
@esiana17 wooooooooooooow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my friend leavin!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my friend called me at 5:30  thx keshia for not letting me sleep much lastnite...grrrrr
maaan i feel so bad!  i'm suchha bad friend! NAWWWW
i'm worry for a friend  she is ill and far away in columbia :S
@KerryCATTELL sort of, a very close friend has shut on me big style 
@morgane_d oh damn,I'm not your friend by facebook 
Feeling sad for my friend who just broke up with her bf  poor thing.
@asdavis10 I know!! I just talked to my friend.  agh!!! lol
@oldrainbow M i miss youuuuu! I doens't have internet  I'm at a momma friend's house! haha. I miss u too, and i need talk with u. LOVEYOU
@monchalee Awww I really did not notice- but then again this same friend said I had gained weight too!  I was sad
@KrystalLaBelle haha my friend sent it to me to cheer me up, and yeah...life is just getting so much harder 
someone b my friend?  http//www.facebook.com/hrtdlovebrkn
rain be damned. i was having a wonderful chat outside with a good friend, but it had to rain. now, i'm stuck inside, and he left 
@TumieZee my friend... are you having withdrawal syndrome? 
Ever get the feeling everyone is ignoring you ? I have that feeling now, god I wish I had a best friend but I don't  bad mood right now
i'm loosing my best friend! why his girlfriend hate me?? i need 1 of your hugs!! 
oh thankss too my close friend I won't get chipotle 
i need isabella wright to be my friend 
Just got back from putting up a few decorations. The bartender gal thinks I'm a good friend. I just wish I could have done more. 
Waiting for friend to come fix my alternator. I mean, still waiting for my friend to come fix my alternator. 
suffering  from secondhand smoke, while a friend downloads this for me. 
Today I had to let my friend go because he doesn't want to get serious. 
I just realized today that the guy I've been crushing on and been friend with just isn't ready to be serious and I had to cut it off 
@Mtkd3 waiting for a friend on msn, and she's late. 
sorry i know my last tweet didn't make sense  oh well, it did to me, my twin sister, and best friend!
@prettylanisax3 awww who is yur 1 and onli friend...????? 
@BckPcketBelievr but i dont want you to fall on my friend-loving list, cuz that would make ME sad. 
Waiting for sister to get out of vb practice. Already missing my friend tiq 
bored...I need my buddy back 
Just got back from a funeral for an old friend.  I hate those things, but I guess they give comfort to the survivors... 
@Kmconard almost! He was like my lil perfect warewolf haha he had long pretty hair and his friend was sexy too! 
always the friend never the gurl 
@DeePhunk i gave my copy to a friend   i miss that album.
worried about my friend's health.... 
@amjack It was really good tonight! I felt so bad for the guy because his friend turned out to not be very supportive for him. 
aww my best friend loves me, shes taking off now  half of me is gone wit her
@joeyismusic dood, FTFD's new album leaked, a friend of mine told me 
got the flu from my dear friend.    trying to work in between naps.
can't sleep  ....I need a cuddle buddy
i miss my best friend and fiance..  goodnight.
Packing...hating it...ready to be done with it. Like to see a friend or two right now 
and to tell this what..since i was kid..all my friend..temasuk my best friend think i was malay..diorg tak penah tanya pun i bangsa apa 
Wish I had a friend who tweets as much as I do 
@JonnyGalan well I hope this madness ends soon. I miss my best friend. 
@MGiraudOfficial can't sleep  hope your dinner was good hon-your dancer friend B
almost to tears cuz hes leaving psu and going to iup the ideal guy you know..I play the friend card but I really do have feelings for him 
Oops, I think I just indirectly call my friend's girlfriend fat. I am so dead but I didn't mean it  Really.
mmm i have a friend who always tries to outdo me with everything. so annoying 
@DVBL hehe she's my bestest friend  I miss her so bad 
@FANGSY7 no  you once pointed out to me and my friend in the crowd and said it was always good to see us at your gigs and we got embarased
@throwawaystyle that my friend is a well know fact, he was the king of comedy, may he rest in peace 
@kareeeee  don't get another awesome friend when you're there! I'm the only one 
@askaaronlee I won't recommend this comp until I am put on my countries wall !! won't vote either ! very disappointed my friend ! very !! 
omgggg. my friend's going to st petersburg and we were gonna surprise her, but now they changed the time, so i can't go 
it really isnt the same without my gay (straight) best friend @BigBenZarrop 
@AnthonyCallea I'm pissed off too...I can understand ya friend being upset 
rented 3 movies today. Hoping that best friend would sleepover but I don't think she will.  http://plurk.com/p/11bypw
@witnessamiracle I have NO idea how I'm going to be happy for him when he has his first kiss.  I really hope that girl is his good friend.
found out about the passing of an old friend..   
I feel so useless, I feel like I'm watching my friend getting hurt over and over again... I wish I could help her 
i tried calling your 8187488887 and it didnt work  kevin my friend loves u so much and she is a good artist and all weekend i helped her
Praying for a friend who might be about to go through a divorce.  #pray
I finally found a real friend in my school and now she's moving. I'm so sad. I felt like crying. I dont want her to move but she have to. 
We've joined a training course to become a good volunteer and my friend lost his molbile phone 
friend got in a bad wreck  he's in a coma and they don't know if he'll live. pray for preston even if you don't know him!
All of my buddy lists seem so emo 
My friend is having her baby right now. i am sad because I was there for her last 2. now she lives too far away. 
@ristia_aaa Aww i'm so sorry!  That's so aweful!  I wish I could give you a big hug!    I'm glad your other friend is getting better!
I am mourning because a friend who I work with just left my company to go to a competitor...I am sad...  
Just not some bad news that a friend of mine that I grew up with past away R.I.P 
@chupchap Not able to connect buddy 
My friend was hit by an ied in iraq... He's fine, but it feels like we are drifting 
@TheDesignMan buddy i miss you 
@chrissieroyal i am not going  my colleague is going, lucky mare !
I'm a terrible person. my good friend got dumped by his boyfriend of 3yrs and i wasnt there for him when he needed me most  i suck@life.
and i think my friend, ryan cousino has been kidnapped! or grounded haha  i miss my bff!!!!
Medical news, one friend's brother received very good news, one friend's niece, not so much, hate it when the universe tries to balance 
@mcdoeli07 i'm going crazy... i think literally  a friend is giving me her old shuffle to get me by...
oh god i miss my best friend  and my boy friend, i've been deprived of them both 
really tired and sad becuase my best friend emily is in the hospital tonight  she may get her appendix out
@taylorswift13 well i dont have verizon  but my friend heather does by the way she says hi
@ensredshirt Aww, sorry to hear about your friend.  
@taylorswift13 you were amazing you belong with me is just like me and my best friend  just wish he would realize we are meant to be
@ddlovato what?  I'm going to your friend's first show this weekend. I want to go to yours!!
@lilyroseallen lily, how can I add you as a friend on the space??????? I made a new one but cant add you 
My friend had a miscarriage tonight. 
my heart is heavy after speaking to a friend on the phone... he's in trouble and digging himself into a deeper hole... pray for him. 
my friend texted aaron about how we lost at beer pong and will he play us bit he hasnt responded 
So, I feel terrible - I was supposed to have drinks with a friend and I totally fell asleep...just woke up not too long ago. 
where's my friend? im a loner! 
@charlestrippy My friend got the ghostbusters video game, but has yet to tell me anything about it. 
read bottom  my friend kencell is mad at me and i dont know why. 
my firefly friend died. 
@KiyastarW ya best friend is retarded, lol. i laughed so hard at that &quot;dream'' comment. i miss you guys 
well today i told my friend i didnt want to be maytes with her because she spreads rumors aboout everyone and especialy me !  but owell
My time has been yours my friend 
@huma_rashid @SohanaB ahahaha I BOUGHT THEM. all in hardcover, except for the 1st which was a gift from my friend... 
@angelagibberish  if you need a friend/escape, you know where i am!
*sigh* why do we continuously let them walk out? All I can do is just be a good friend 
@jacqui_    my friend aaron thinks thay because its his birthday we all have to drink as much as he is.
I don't like my new friend as much as purple friend   What a waste of 20 bucks.  #fb
@MichaelC109 a friend deleted them by mistake  hopefully we can retrieve most of them
found out that my bestest buddy is leaving me to go yo ohio 
@timjeffries sorry to hear about your friend, and his kid 
@hayleyGeorgina loooonnnggg story but bascially i have pissed my best friend off majoruly 
how do you console a friend diagnosed with cancer. I'm devastated how must she feel 
Hoping 1 day i will get a friend  
is glad she could cheer up her frogging sick friend! She misses her 
i want technology to be my friend. 
upset about my friend 
my code for ghostbuster is not working so is a friend I wonder if that is a problem 
my boy has died    i have never been this upset. i feel empty and like someone is stabbing me in the heart...he was my best friend
@roseybeth I know... Even the guilt trip didn't work on him lol.... &quot;You can't leave... It's my birthday... You're my best friend&quot;   haha
@SophieeeOx haha! no matter goood a friend you are, you wouldnt do that. sadlyy  lol!
uggghhhh... allergies!  this is the worst i've had them in a while.  reactin is my friend, but not helping too much 
@divokc awww  my dad's friend used to do that too 
i miss my buddy already 
UGH. i hate my mom on facebook!! i don't want to be her friend, but if i'm not she'll take it as the worst thing ever.. 
@itsjustizzy aw, i'm sorry friend.  i hope that you soon feel like a pillow that someone laughed hysterically happily into  lol
i need my friend at my side right now, too bad she isn't even close. 
i'm missing my best friend  oh where can she be?
kinda pissed cause my aunt is coming to lake tahoe, even though i already made plans to take a friend, and now chuck cant go 
i am now officially afraid for my friend's health. Just found out he hasn't been honest about it 
whising i didn't have feelings for certin person, of all the things in life how do i tell my best friend george i'm in love with him 
OK, i think, I THINK...i might me in love with a friend's girlfriend!!! 
A close friend lost his job  bummer.
I took a quiz &amp; only know my friend 54%! 
Why won't u load twitterr berry friend timelines!!!!! Wtf! 
@mz_attitude I hope to be his friend, but I think that never going to be good friends with him 'cause everything ended badly 
darn. i think friend my be back off   
I'm an awesome fuckin friend! 
@actionsnotwrds my dad had to buy an extra ticket to get my best friend one  I'm sorryyyyyy
have never experienced such a difficult time.. said goodbye to a classmate and a friend 
Waiting for news of a furry friend in hospital. The waiting is always the hardest part isn't it? 
I believe my best friend just called me stupid!! It cuts real deep! 
a friend said my cheeks are chubbier since the holidays  hmm..must be from all that eating..
My best friend is a meanie. 
I could reaaaalllyy use my best friend right now! 
@LilMissBrooklyn i feel like i finally found my long lost friend and she was too busy for me  tear
My best friend's friend just commit suicide, going over there now.  &lt;3
@virtual_diva  awww that sucks you cant understand him and that your friend lost their kitty 
Bouhouuuuuuuuuuu Dangie isn't there... I need my crazy friend 
i went to pizza hut with a friend and had pizza... i failed. 
@rawree  I'm sorry about your friend.    {{{{{{{{{{rawree}}}}}}}}}}}}}  big hug to you.
@tayfaceee so you're just my friend for my accent?! 
Going to meet my best friend chris! ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)  ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)  &gt;
wheres my best text friend 
http://twitpic.com/7ow1w - a little message to best friends that are apart! i miss my best friend 
just found out about a friend's predicament. sad 
@joevalentino hi friend. i have a mix ready for you. you know how i agonize over these things. my dad's in the hospital.  i'll send soon.
@Sophiabiabia i'll hold ur friend in my thoughts ad heart  from one victim to another tell her to stay strong i know how hard it is...
I was suppose to have a lunch with my friend who just ran off because of something important 
I was suppose to have a lunch with my friend who just ran off because of something important  #fb
so sad  just heard about francis's &amp; b' friend, so scary. I hope he recover's fast. i dont even know him, i but will pray for him,so sad
wow my friend just told me that his friend just had brian surgery...small world 
@apesss i'm sorry i'm an old person and thought u took vicam! i'm a bad friend!  oh and ur sweater is here too!
@Jackkkkz rofl damn! i was hoping to make a new gay friend 
@BearTwinsMom i'm sorry, friend.  don't panic - pray. praying for you today.
Just missed 'Single' on chum   I love that song!!
Just heard a bad news that there's a 99% chance that my friend will be expelled from school 
just reading e mails and waiting for my friend 
feels sad for a friend.. it's all coming back to me.. sad.. 
my friend lost a peice of her last night. litterally. so sad 
@brashlionroars That f'ing sucks my friend...   #WhatKindOfPersonStealsABike?
about to talk to a friend i havent seen in years... i miss her 
a friend of mine didn't graduate..  sad.
my friend just had her baby boy she was only 30 weeks he weighed in at just under 2lbs please pray for him he is very sick 
@DJWiLLGATES I left super fast  I had 2 meet up with my childhood best friend that came from pr so I had 2 run back to my house
best friend just knocked some sense into me. Thanks, nate. 
http://twitpic.com/7pdqo - You'll be the very first to see  Wish you could be there  What's a prom without your best friend? x
seem to be  missing a friend ... 
Today i found out that my friend has 2 stay back. 
@littlejennsmall tell uncle tom your friend needs a hip replacement. i couldn't even do yoga yesterday 
My friend (bf #2) just heard he has a degenerative disease that spells him chronic joint pain forever.  What do you say to that?
@IAmCattSadler If @peterfacinelli loses the bet, he has to give his friend the back of his twilight chair 
&quot;Memories made in the coldest winter, goodbye my friend, will I ever love again?&quot;  
@ohsodopeduhh i feel like my best friend is trying to push me away kinda. &amp; its all over a boy!! how pointless. aaaargh 
Me and stefany are waiting for evalyn's friend michelle to cum . She taking so long 
im also mad at my friend    ugh
I wish I had a friend to go to the carnival with me 
not sure if i'll reach my goal of be @davidarchie's best friend 
talking to a friend bout the sad day 
@tgxoxo another online friend.. 
mourning because i can never share moose tracks with my best friend 
REALLY??  did that cute boy leave with my friend?? sooo unmatticus like  
@AllKnightLong my friend em is there no stay with me baby 
@rickofawesome Not yet, but I am sure to be there when you're back from your friend's mum's funeral.  
i miss my buddy 
I miss my boy friend. 
thinkin about my friend who moved to california....... 
i need my best friend back - i need someone 
@joehehlj would but I'm working  if you go saturday you can catch my friend jimmy's set. Or ex, I should say.
a friend showed me a beautiful picture of what I thought was a waterfall is it was  what was left of his hometown after a tornado 
@h3ykrys10 I always wanted a pen pal 
@Samirak1002 yo me and my friend wanted to dance but it was only old ppl so we couldnt.. 
shit here we go again! I feel like i havent been a good friend 
My best friend on the planet is leaving next thursday. Its so unfair. 
@DrGroove_phd would be an even better friend if I had a mac! 
just received bad news about a sick friend. 
@guitarscreams it was becaues of the part where he lies and says he isn't the jewish boy's friend  its not over yet but if the ending is
@Rubyam unfortunately, the geek-glasses had little effect  I'm starting to think I'm headed for the friend zone.
I don't think my best friend likes me anymore 
I just watched my friend margaret's ashes be thrown into the sky as her family friends sky dived. i miss her so much. 
My best friend hates me and I feel so alone and lost right now 
@rebelgrrrli awww, that about broke my heart, the poor thing! I really feel for your friend, I've been there 
try to find a friend that run away... 
static is NOT a friend of @stelli_batman or @sweetmangoLOVE 
@ainimountei yes, my friend's great grandma's household was infected 
So stressing and upset. i need to get my friend a new computer but were both flat broke and noone e know has an extra one.  what to do... 
I missed saying goodbye to my best friend due to a stupid alarm 
@30SECONDSTOMARS I'm not going but my best friend is and it really sucks, I'm working but shes agreed to rub it in when she gets back 
My poor friend had to get stitches on her forehead because of an accident caused by another friend.  get well soon!!
I had a dream that my boyfriend dumped me for my friend 
@blaq_majik Awww...thats sad  sorry to hear that friend.
@CharlesWBrown haha yeah your possibly right. I'm riding upon the peasent wagon as my friend just said .. 
I would kill for a friend.   wait... actually that just sounds really desperate and psychotic.  *
You are the stupidest friend I ever had and we are only friends at the moment because I have no one else did  why god you don't help me?
@LCobbies I know. I am a bad friend for teasing. 
You're the stupidest friend I ever had and we're only friends at the moment because I have no one else  Why god you don't help me?
@BranDeezyB bullcraap! i could be a possible feat. on your songs &amp; you cant speak? .. your friend makes an effort..  lol
Is anybody out there missing there best friend....I reallly really REALLY miss mine!!!!  
aw im actin as a messenger for my friend and her loved one 
I really miss my best friend seems like we haven't talked or anything lately...just passed in the wind.... 
sent my best friend's letter, that's a new record for me! @roseleetran we have some serious talking to do 
@tanya_peasgood I agree there, it makes it worse when it's a friend of yours and he/she keeps distracting you. 
princes protection was amazing but... predictable &quot;/ but verry good i wanted to wach it with my best friend but she out 
cuz he's a faithful friend? i donno 
@slius hey my friend,he's stil so nice to me but has a gf  its on his status now
@robcosta talking with my special friend, love u my girl, i miss you all the time 
hello rain! you are not my friend 
I think my friend deliberatly gave the ticket away so that I would not meet @collective_soul and therefore lose the bet 
@c0rtex the problem my friend is there are friends (1.0) in twitter 
@LittleFletcher i know exactly how you're feeling!is he just your friend,or &quot;more&quot;?'cause yesterday my bf moved to other city.i miss him 
Sitting at a red light being a bad late friend 
on a funeral w/my mom her friend died.. sad 
The hardest thing to do is to walk away from the person u love! He was my husband &amp; best friend! How am I going to do this? 
I hate how my best guy friend lives like 40 minutes away. 
Srry, I meant to say from my friend Chukie's house. I'm so tired, I'm typing nonsense... 
Bandaids are my best friend    
texting my friend... wishing she would get online 
I won a battle, but lost a friend 
watching mileyworld vids. noah and her little friend are adorable.. so are @mileycyrus and @JustinMGaston , too bad... 
I think my closet friend dont even care about me  , got boypren no friend.
i am sooo depresed.. my best friend got fired and i could do nothing about it.. 
my friend's brother is missing  i wish i could do something
my friend just left  i had fun tho!
@RobCometX i got a friend who is 23 who has had cancer 3 times already in her lady parts.  
@aqua_angel  the pic of me on facebook dat we saw wasnt posted by my mum it was by her friend. y did she hve to post it. i look horrible 
Just spent over 2 hours on the phone. I miss my best guy friend D, terribly 
Missing my buddy 
@TigerGoesRoar My friend @kimbee21 and I are thinking about going to the fan track walk there! It's at 7am though   I might be too crabby.
alone tonight and i want a cuddle buddy 
confesses i miss my googly bear. i miss our sleepover, i miss the way he makes me feel, i miss him in general. he was my best guy friend 
@BELLAx3vita my friend just told me about these 
@nswillis lol, yeah the glasses were cool, my friend took mine... 
@marisamercanti  i'll be your friend! woo
@meankrystin the only problem is is that i has no monies  but id love to be your actual friend! 
at sydneys going away party  its sad to see a very good friend movie
at sydneys going away party  its sad to see a very good friend move
had a super bad fight with a best friend 
Taking a friend to the hospital.  No fun.
had 2 ribenas today in mission to win a friend for my assistant... alas no luck  x x
@mcflymusic Not meeeeeeeeee  But my friend the funny squirrel is 
@Rosellyanna oh dear :s I'm sorry about that  well talk to her about it..I personally would not until my friend was over him coz it may..
I'm trying to figure out how to face my friend in a little.. I am actually having a hard time.. 
I need boyfriend, girl friend, boy friend, anything.. 
is pa add nmn me as friend  http://plurk.com/p/12fpk6
really sad my local starbucks just closed, i have lost a friend who kept me going through good times and bad 
I'm trying to figure out how to face my friend in a little while.. I am actually having a hard time.. 
Going to my mom's friend's funeral 
Tired and exhausted, helping my best friend to move out of her apartment  I'm really going to miss her!!!
@theRealQuest it's all gone pal 
yayyyy my best friend hates me 
I love my darling. But he don't know that I love him, because he has a girlfriend and he won't like me like a friend anymore...  
I have to do my own hair/make-up and my mum isn't even going to be home so her friend has to drop me at amys, &amp; everyone has family there 
i miss my best friend already ...  have fun in vegas @JamieVallentine!
@nell_xo I don't think it'll work for you.  It's off my friend's rugbyzone subcription.
i dont want monday to come! i will miss all my friend  :'(
I feel like I'm losing a friend to a guy 
@nishababyy i miss you too buddy 'ol pal 
@Haynerfide my bad but our friend who lived in baker said it was part of the central valley.. So i'm confused 
I wish I could help cheer up my best friend, but it would be easier if I were there. 
thinks shes losing her best friend 
Just screwed over my friend on online diplomacy when all I wanted to do was screw over the others. 
bit worried bout my friend, her bloke just dumped her 
@jizzybear I seem to be missing a friend on last.fm 
@jessicore2012 i wish i could go with you, i'd be your friend clique 
went to boreders and they were out of computerarts  wanted to see the feature on my friend in there .... doh
went to borders and they were out of computerarts  wanted to see the feature on my friend in there .... doh
I need a shopping buddy now that elys gone 
looking at a friend's wedding photos....i wanna be married too 
@GoDJewels i was supposed to come for that parade bc my best friend is in it 
I wish I were at my friend's wedding right now  
is frustrated that Twitterberry will not load my friend timeline. Even removing and redownloading didn't work 
@NolaGets and @HeyKenya well if I'm ur laziest friend where does that leave me?  lmao!
I iz at a grad party for a friend. I however still gots 3 more yrs 
@AndrewAesthetic i have a friend who works at disneyLAND 
rip spencer i love you to the fullest! i just lost my best friend no words can explain this feeling right now. 
trying to translate an email to Japanese for a friend... not succeeding... teskete kudasi  I give up  I learn it better in person.
plzzz cross ur fingers for me and my friend! 
...is at work...still bummed...who knew being a true and real friend would backfire   ~xoxo~*sweet_fusion*~
i want a friend who makes brings me home and makes me turkey sandwiches when im drunk. 
My good friend just called, her mom passed...sad  
About to lose a respected friend to cancer 
at my grandma's just found out about a friend who left st.ambrose!!! 
On the way to the hospital to experience another dad dying with a friend  I knew this would happen... And of course /i/ have to bawl..
met my new friend......disappointed   
I haven't talked to my best friend in like a week 
@NaniWaialeale I'm good, but went to a funeral  classmate  but it was nice to see my other classesmates there
@itisnicole My friend hasn't texted me back about the tickets 
aww, i just found out my best guy friend's boyfriend is cheating on him, and i had to tell him 
i guess @siccjordans lil ol friend is more important today than meeeh 
@neechers i dont have any money, and mum's already paying for me to go to france &amp; my best friend isabella is going to france these hols 
Why won't @common_squirrel be my friend   I will share my seed with him!
@MZGOTTIAKAMENAJ i suck as a friend though cuz i havent even seen u perform yet 
Just had my blackberry 8900 submerged in a glass of bacardi by a psycho-friend(former-friend anyway). I hope it will survive. 
@thepixelpuncher i'm a dab friend  i'll call you tmrw
follow me bby! cus its lookin pretty low..  at my friend hotel party..
...Missing my buddy 
I need a drinking buddy 
I am fattttttttttttttttt  confirmed by my mom's friend
I'm going into slight depression mode. I miss my best friend. Why did she have to move?  
I think my friend, and brother hate me. 
@forces2 No problem, my friend. You can't say hi to everyone that follows you. 
I love my best friend so much and ive been missing her so much lately 
@sprintermichael i learnt that a long time ago my friend 
is visiting a friend in jail 
@mmitchelldaviss ahhk, because the aus fansite i made for you says that you werent my friend anymore, i was like 
My brother's friend came over to play wii and they're so noisy that i cannot concentrate on my work 
@ishamay a friend of mine.. irritates me..  hahaah. nvm. ;) ksp cia.
Wishing @FrankMaresca was here in bed with me  I miss my cuddle buddy
dont be sad friend  ill keep you company
@burrow I'm sorry to hear about your friend 
I need my favorite cuddle buddy right now. 
I need a new best friend 
@lollipoplady yep, his best friend has just come out and we are supposed to go on holiday next saturday! 
i need a cuddle buddy! 
@andyclemmensen my friend is near you at the shops but is to scared to go up to you like WTF shes such a dikheaddddd. 
I just got this sad news that my childhood friend died. strangers killed her. so sad. I'm really sorry for what I've done 
@davidgarrido my friend decided to not tell me anything and/or ditch me so I am not there too 
im showing raga(a friend) what is twitter. she's having dinner at my house 
By the way choosing a guy over a friend..... not cool 
@RndmManiak I'm sorry friend  someday!
@clacque friend sent to me! but its very lag and keep hanging 
at the breakfast spot. i jus placed a large order, they r happy.... me sad, no ipod like i lost my best friend 
@mannykimchi I will if I could! I only got 2 free tickets from a friend. I already gave the other to my brother. 
Its a damn shame if you cannot attend your close friend's wedding!!!!!! I am goin g to miss one.. 
Ah..got a mail from old friend then i had a sigh    how wondering to share my happiness with her
@bremonique is incredibly sick today....grey goose is not ur friend. 
@mileycyrus aww.. i wish i could have gone to that show my friend from team jonas went 
@ophieee hahaha .. I'm feeling lost and confused right now from patron  tequila is not our friend today.
A moment of silence for a fallen friend, i had to shave  haircut tomorrow.
@caitlinharvie i have been okay...until on friday, i got scared for my friend because she drunk alcohol and she's 13 
@tiffupretty a good friend of mines name paula. my childhood bff 
i feel like im loosing more than my best friend 
and THAT'S the definition of a sudden change in someone's day... a friend's brother passed away 
@vegan_one AT&amp;T is not a friend of mine either.  
Looks like a good family friend of ours has just caught the swine flu.  
@Luccifi cuz i'm shy  and he's talking to his friend right now, so... no way haha
Wow, I am completely depressed from a  book   But dinner with a friend will make me happy again  #fb
going to a funeral tomorrow - its my first and really sad as a friend commited suicide  she was only 22 and stunning 
a friend says i've been kinda mean lately, but i'm totally not meaning to be. another friend says i should &quot;embrace it.&quot; um no! 
@crucify_brett But I need a buddy more than you 
has so much new found freedom its amazing! but missing my best friend in florida 
My shoulders are sore from work. I want my best guy friend to massage them, too bad we're fighting. . . . 
@jedidiplomat yeah I'm waiting to hear on a friend. 
i'm not watching secret life until 10   i'm being a good best friend and waiting until she WAKES UP.
found it. *happy dance* I would post it but I want to show you pictures too and I have to get them from my friend 
How sad re: metro crash  All but one roommate and friend accounted for so far, though, so that's good!
I think I'm still suffering from boulder friend withdrawal.      where are my dear visitors?
@JoyofZen what if I get a friend request and I ignore it and then they're all &quot;hey why didn't you add me as your friend&quot; 
http://twitpic.com/85knq - and my best friend is married..  tear tear
man my friend had a heartattack.he so young.keeps him in yalls prayers 
I lose one of the best friend i ever had   ,i still love her .. idk what are her fellings right now about me :/
@MLovegrove I'd hook you up, because that's what I do, but I do not have a single male friend that equals your greatness 
so i was on fb and i tottaly add the wring friend! and of course you cant take back friend requests 
@WestEndActress  and he said no  and now nobody knows about from my best friend and i want to ask him out but i dnt want to make it public
@keviintran is my best friend I wish I could take him to cali with me for the classes 
@robertsammons nope but i played it on my friend's. do you have? i can't master the hard level, can only do the medium at most 
@thatcats awwww are u ?? ive got a friend to look after mine... im really worried they are goin to be lonely tho 
At radioshack now looking for a adapter for my friend...man i hope he buys me something to drink 
Feeling sad 4 my buddy 
gahh this really sucks and ive tried to fix it but it dont look like it will ever get fixed  i miss my friend
I really fucking hope my best friend and his daddy are okay... 
@FranStephens my friend laura is going. 
on the verge of losing a very close friend 
@angelafarts4u it's fucked. same thing happened with a friend's sidekick. the phone is fucked. assuredly. 
my bestest friend eva is leaving the school next week...  
@janiecorona boo i'm here!! and i'm in the same boat my friend I feel forgotten sometimes 
@AlexAllTimeLow i do! but my im taking my friend  if i can get her to cancel secretly.... ;)
my sister's friend threw something at her head &amp; now it's bleeding. 
@SabrinaBryan Sabrinaaaaaa i got a question  how do you deal with fake friends....my friend just said the worst thing any friend could &amp;
 losing a friend is like losing a piece of yourself
@ahaaay im not your friend 
@DavidArchie your brother blocked me and said i was weird because i said im a big fan of yours 
My friend is telling me of the miscarriage she had when she was 14. 
@ayyebrendah yeah my friend offered to take me if i pay for gas so i did. also we sum jobless pplz 
@greenspaghetti How can you tell that friend that you're feeling that way, though you don't want to spill it out to him/her? 
@Solar257 haven't seen your friend request yet 
We're seeing Transformers 2 when you get back @jordynohhh ;; I miss my best friend 
I think my best friend hates me 
I'm a loner in school today, my best friend is ill 
@jojoswrld89 wow i am sry 2 hear bout your friend  i bet u R really upset at her N i can understand why.. but dont wry she'll learn.
is a bit shocked... had a terrible nightmare about het best friend... dying. 
@sapphire_city i want the nightmares to stop  and i dont want my friend to move away 
@sapphire_city i lost 5 best friends in less than a year  because i moved which made me loose 4 and now my last best friend is moving
just read a text.. about a friend.. not sure if its true or not 
I got bitched on my a friend of mine who I'm not close to much nowadays 
got grumpy colleague back again 
A childhood friend's sister killed herself last night   This is a bad way to wake up
sad and got hurt from a friend's comment 
@LaaurineJ sooooo far away. my friend has visited france once. and im envy of her 
@peapod5 I have a very kind friend that lent it to me.... sorry   Not sure where she got it sadly!
My friend is getting a kitten. I am SO jealous 
i could have been staying at the apartment of my cute sk8erboy friend one month from now. (in case my tenses sound wrong, they're not)  
my friend's dad's funeral is today 
@mattplace I know I just secretly want to be  @jonah_bailey best friend, but I keep messing it up by irritating him. 
@BerinKinsman I guess but I am very sad now and I wish I knew a way to help my friend.  
@varshamohan She is my classmate and good friend. And yeah, the ugly git in the profile pic is me  
@rdizzle7 i miss my homie  he was a good friend
just came home. :] feeling good but i'm afraid something happened to my best friend after her fight weith her boyfriend 
writing a letter to my friend  r.i.p  saturday, memorial survice
YAY! found a new cuddle buddy 
http://www.zachleat.com/Projects/alarmd/ &lt;- my new very best friend (until I make one better   )
@ColdenGrey greeting my canadian friend 
@toxinide I hope you get an interview mate 
Oh well, i always knew she was an awesome friend! I have soo much respect for her, i love her 
@Specialesumpen a good (very drunk) friend did exactly that at a party once ... It never ends 
@brightlydusted a friend i knew online from last night finally added me up on his messenger. 
@ghostbusterz a friend i knew online from last night finally added me up on his messenger. 
Looking at the pictures my friend shot yesterday. They are beautiful! 
thanks to her wonderful boyfriend, his brother and their amazing best friend she forgot about her ticket 
@claritypro Thanks so much, really nice... nice to share a cuppa with a friend 
@gay_emo_zac good morning  this friend is so lucky to have the opportunity to meet you 
@msjmb It doesn't mean your comic sucks, it means that your dad is your best friend and #1 fan 
@drish29 no prob  i'm good too. about to go out with a friend to the pool 
@chuckhall  I'm like a fine wine, my friend  
@aplusk a friend of mine is smelling impaired, had a bad motorbike accident and head injury. It's a blessing and curse! 
@shadowhelm Don't mess with the bull my friend, you just might get the horns. 
that was for my buddy @missinglink 
Is haning out with my bestest friend!! 
I'm at my bestest friend in the entire worlds house RIDAAAA  its so cool we haven't hung out in a while well 2 days haha
@forza_will2006 i see someone has become an addict  goodnight buddy.
I feeling a little better &amp; spent the evening with her best friend 
@StopChronicPain yer truly welcome, my friend 
not believe that ... ups! is my boyfriend is just a great friend ok!  hahaha!  i love ... ups!
@gulpanag heard u met my friend in noida. The guy with 2 cute little labrador pups! 
Chilling with a good friend over anime 
Just been to a catexibition  my friend will prepares for her Bengalcat Pilzen!
has just had her best friend come visit her  x
is glad to have the time to help out a dear friend. 
java has finally became my friend... 
going with my friend to see seventeen again tonite 
anyone want to give me a job? what about you guys over in l.a asisstant to the stars? p.a? @brandicyrus' friend and pupil of the guitar? 
@lukebenward haha, you don't really look 9 =/ my friend is just a major loser, i promise 
@ClaytonCalhoon that site isn't mine-a friend on twitter- mine is http://hiswill4me.blogspot.com  a bit more simplistic   thank U though!
@iamthemuse  you are a seeing friend too, ;) I know that about you. Yes and I'm taking my laptop.
I was just tellin my friend bout it. Thats wierd  *MELIKA-KALIKA*
spent the day with the best friend, boyfriend and the mexican 
@degrassiboi LOL well I was talking about what your ex friend said and good 
@dfizzy ohh i'm australian! can i be your friend too? 
@Allyinspirit @michaelgrainger @chicBuds @mentor2mentor @moombaman 
@venlatina  Amen!! The best friend anyone could ever have 
@mentor2mentor lol night and glad we could keep you smiling 
@lukefrombuzzle  You are harsh my friend   We're over it - 4-0 scoreline proves it!!
@firesty hola firee my best buddy with a long nickname 
@PeachyPictures sounds fun, I'd usually ask a friend to help, but i guess, its time I learn to make it on my own 
@parkerfitzhenry sorry friend, closed invite or I would have. you'll have to meet misty. she throws great parties. 
is fixing to leave for church...maybe i'll see me and @trentlyle's emmy award winning friend 
@justmileyc  I'm just fine, chilling with my friend (= how are u ?
@roobyRIOT bill and ben are too cool to be my friend. i have the teletubbies though 
hugging a friend with one arm and typing this tweet with the other hand. my friend is very huggy. he likes hugging me. 
friend suggested i draw what i think i want for hairstyle...i think that's good advice and i should do that.. 
water is my friend  truth project was awesomeee yo
hanging out wit the best friend. is the best. i love you yanelva! 
done with the friend searching 
just caught up  with  an old friend  funny  who  u bump into ..kinda  random actually
@monicaferrero no, we have a friend who lives nearby so we are going to watch from her flat and just soak up the atmosphere 
listening to josh thomas and friend 
@koohlinlin ohh you have a cool friend. 
@ashtonal at first i thought that you were staying that cb distresses you.   have a good day, my friend!
In between, a good geo-friend and I managed to find a few caches and have a blast doing it. 
@marypascoe ok then bue buddy 
Just got done E-mailing with a friend of mine! It is 2:00am I have no idea what we are doing up LOL 
happy bithday best friend  &lt;3 ily dorian
my friend just went into a guy's toilet by accident. see! that's the reason why we are friends!  
@BOHEMiahne shower with a friend or two 
@tylerwillis I like the way you roll my friend!! A&amp;W rootbeer float ftw 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@holymully My friend, hat was such a wonderful tweet about me, I should have u introduce me everywhere.  
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@brandonp63 Is that the gentleman friend?  
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@amirahrah ooo looks like it is  enjoy your new found friend !
just hanging with a buddy 
@bingllabong I'm hanging out with my friend rebecca tonight. I'll see if I can get her to stop to say hi  I miss the house!
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
www.myspace.com/danipetri just friend request me 
had dope conversations with a new friend....and an old. 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@tomit The maintainer is a good friend of mine, let me know what you think of the project 
@selenagomez I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
back in the bay with the fam and saw my best friend from high school  @oliviaowens we have been apart for tooo long!
tonight has ended stupendously!  free beer and connecting with a new friend.  sometimes life is suprising 
@ocean29 yeah but then a friend came online.. so strtd chatting with him 
@pudu321 ooh, you have a friend who's a fireman?  and u must be doing something wrong. U followed the tutorial? ;-)
@serafinowicz http://twitpic.com/4e9lm - The woman on the right is a friend of mine 
@LiDLo i'll be your dutch best friend!!! 
@ashdirah nev mind. just accepted your friend request.  thanks. 
Hey averyone, follow my friend @Larasexypanties She's new here, but so hot and has yummy panties for sale 
had a good coffee chat  new friend 
@allisonmack That was lovely how you explained friendship with an new, but old friend! thanks for sharing! 
@aamelia hahaha nah he couldnt come to the party :S me and my friend just wanted to meet him cos his name is bradie, haha 
going to the pool with my friend &amp;cousin  &lt;3
i'm really happy!!!! coz my best friend made a gf 
@goose98 and @pcornqueen should meet, then they both would have a derby buddy! 
@tammyphinney The dilemma, my igloo-living, zamboni-driving friend, is knowing when 140 characters just aren't enough... 
going to the mall with my friend. 
going out with a friend. maybe sushi 
going back out again. i think me &amp; my best friend @mitchelmusso are going to hang. but not really. www.lovekelsey.tumblr.com 
Yes! Finished work on my way to see wolverine with my special lady friend 
@bryan_white i know you are talking about my friend natasha when you say die hard fan 
loves her boys  'specially her good friend alex yi.
@twdmusic hello friend 
@muscledit of course, you my friend have a deal!  i'm a really good cuddler btw 
@keyvan take care pal 
@arbycuevas Thats sexy  lol...my friend is a pinoy and we are thinking of saving up money and going over there next year ...
@MarieLuv I still stick with my original response friend...if you have two Macs, why even risk it....capture on one, surf on the other 
loves her cousins and her hot friend annie 
i am so happy my friend bryan is finally back and we talked and it was good missed him so much!!!! he was gone for so long  =]  :]
@andysowards you too enjoy the weekend my friend.. hello to your little boys, have fun!  
@mishref awww, what a friend! yer so lucky to have him/her 
Lunch and hang out with my best friend 
@swiv Power to you, my friend 
Oh em gee, just had the coolest news about a friend 
reading girl friend magazine 
cleaning the apartment and talking with my friend 
@Jessmsmell its not bad, she gives me a discount, and i talk to her all the time  She's my awesome Gjs friend :]
True friend - someone who sings you to sleep. 
@andyclemmensen my friend chelsea was on neighbours and she says harlod is a legend 
he has a girlfriend and didnt said anything:O my friend is on the way to see us again since 2 years 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
@ddlovato I want to be more than a fan i want to be a friend do you think that's possible please reply back 
talkin to my friend lol  :p
@saynine You're a tad more extreme in that regard than I, my friend. 
eating flakes with my best friend  
I cant wait too see elmabo!! I love her forever!! she is my best friend forever!!  love ya girl!
macho convinced now getting fucked to your friend HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH 
@NavdhaND momo cat is a 'he'  luckily he isn't mine. but still sooo cute!! is a friend's cat.
I am about to go to a play with my friend 
eastsides with my best friend  http://twitpic.com/4hlqf
@LucasCruikshank haha yeahh my friend and i were the only ones under 60 when we went to see the statue of liberty c(: but it's amazingg 
While eating lunch with family today I came up with a really good trick to play on an unsuspecting friend- Muhhhhwahhhh-haaaaahhaaaahaa! 
@NikkiBenz I sure did.  And if you ever nned a cuddle buddy...   
@escape2thestars of course your my friend! 
@PaulaCortes 	 yes, yes, a friend just 17 days to scream like never before! 
woo! time to relax.  i want cacie to be  my best friend
@springtree I have the exact same glasses as your friend.  I'm going to bookmark your blog so I can read it when I can focus.
@steve_horn did you not read my blog my friend? take a look again 
@Thaysassaki hiiiiiiiiiiii best friend !the coollest one ,funniest one,greatest one ever 
@ocean_dolphin83 yeppp  i feel like cuz of him i made a really good friend 
@plagueround No problem.... Anything for my dope friend.   
@IamNewYork hi friend 
@THEjustink hey hurry up &amp; friend me on fb so I can follow as well! 
@ddlovato hello!  also hello from my friend who is also a really big fan!
@jwof   I could have saved some money on the walkie talkies my best friend and I bought to talk when we couldn't go outside
a whole new level of happiness.... M is the bestest friend ever....   and who knows what might happen with my new interest?!?
Having a great chat with a friend. He's totally putting my mind at ease 
good to have a (boy)friend like you 
chillin with the neighbor 
@poojarazdan woohoo! congrats to your friend and the boyfriend. 
@stevencohmer -iv just added u as friend on youtube 
meeting @dalydegagne and friend tonight - going to discuss human trafficking issues. Daly is chaplain/therapist and an interesting guy 
@wroe16 ohhhh excellent song..hello my friend! 
@sicop ah helping my friend move and will defo be having a well deserved pint after it that's for sure  
@demr_awd I'm gonna have to disagree my friend.  The coolest one on the planet is sitting right next to me. 
@dannisaywhat LOL kk i've sent u a friend request 
A friend is someone who will help you move. A real friend is someone who will help you move a body 
@GabrielCarrejo sorry my friend ... but @intel is paying the mortgage!  
@stevetilley it was a lonely battle, my friend, but you fought valiantly! 
another bday w a special friend 
@johnwyattedgar i dont really trust the judgements and vouches of @brandy_xo   jk. i'll think about becoming a friend of yours
@yaykimo baaha  &amp; healthy choice my friend! (:
@KatDerby Haha ya, my friend and I are totally having a kick off party for the occasion!! 
@DeLaSelis no... But I met a new graphic design friend, so that was dooope!!! 
i basically want the world to kno that i have the BEST best friend    love her &lt;3
watching some scary movies with my friend 
 havin fun my friend?
@reenna96 My long lost friend! 
@officialtila if I have 5000 friend requests tomorrow, I'm blaming you  nite
watching W. with jas. i love my brother he's my best friend 
Going to bed after a great night with a friend  glad to know she has the same feelings about classes as someone else 
is very proud of her friend @veronique_lal for such a awesome gig last night! you rock girl!! 
@janejardine realax my friend, no over-stressing 
lol awhh I wish u cud come buddy! 
@TheUgh but i stopped trying a few minutes ago. called a friend and he's gonna help me 
@yhf heh, when I'm with my best friend, those are regular occurrences. 
@mfubib - The conversation went downhill from there, my friend!!! 
Punching bags are my new best friend 
http://bit.ly/fLa7E  i made this for my best friend 
@joshizzle dave i bumped into walking down a hall in a hotel.  just him &amp; his asst &amp; my friend &amp; her hubby.  we talked twitter 
@zibracakes It won't? Like, not even to send a friend request? I have it set to private. 
@raylol16 night, friend! Things will get better for your studying! 
Dyaln is my best friend  everyone else is jelous.
Thinking about my friend and he's really going through something right now  you're in my prayers hun
painting my toenails and making my friend a bracalet 
@MarkyxBuck alright, g'night best friend. love you too!  i wish you still had my note...
is so lucky to have a friend like leighan... soul mates since age 7 
hey all, our new friend @Mnmissy loves this song so we love her  http://tinyurl.com/qwuedd
trying to catch up with an old friend, praying this works, i finally am into the final stages of correcting my first book maybe 
I think if you randomly follow someone on here you should introduce yourself... might make a new friend 
forgot about you twitter my old friend   xo
@HeroHazza haha my friend was like call it ellington, and i did think it was a cool name. considering hers is 'morrison' hahhah 
@samjmoody my friend poppy says hello  she's following you but isnta mcfly fan lol xxx
http://twitpic.com/55igj - @sammyandres just stopped by and dropped this off for me! Apparently I'm a good friend 
@CentralWY i did! found a wonderful friend with a dvr 
Recorded myself, sounded kinda well... chatting with a friend 
attended a friend's wedding... just love weddings 
My friend just said a had a beautiful face like a porcelain doll  i love my friends
@LonelyBob great meeting a fellow twit army friend 
@kol1986 You are a smart man, my friend, AND you got me to 150 followers, so I'll always be your pimp 
i just prostituted myself for free pizza for me and a friend. 
@jazzyerthanyou young? shes my friend 
I hate it when you need to to out, but your friend's still sleeping :/ I need to go see my grandmaaaaaa 
@Sonaris oops,  follow @djmichaeltodd  m best friend that is who is spinnning. 
@Juniesgurl  I am guilty of it daily my friend.  and, you know what? i don't think it's a particularly bad trait. xx
@linda704 have you seen this?  via @isabelmclean--a lit fiend/friend like you.  http://bit.ly/F5qTU
@goebicyu a friend is a certified yoga instructor...so, at the center and at home as well.  
@DebbieFletcher hi swettie! can you wish 'happy b-day' to my b. friend @lahmazzonetto? she's 16 
My best friend is comin to see meee n I'm excited. He's the best 
I'm lucky I'm in love with my best friend 
@yagui34 hi new friend 
ignorance is your new best friend     #delongeday
@BAM_MARGERA bam margera is my best friend 
@danregal My thoughts exacty, my friend. 
@beefyness And when will you start taking setlist requests, my friend? 
i'm helping my friend with his maths 
@mileycyrus sorry for your friend, you are a good person 
@melissa_paige92 you are very welcome my friend 
love in.  with my best friend and my ex. fun!
Hanging out with the boyfriend &amp; the best friend: guitar hero then bowling. 
@sami612 &quot;A true friend is someone who thinks you're a good egg even though she knows you're slightly cracked.  made me think of ya!
I'm thankful my best friend is amazing, and we can last through a retarded boy. 
i hope my best friend does not crash. AND.. i'm major jammin 
@ktmixon315 hmmm i dont really know what you want  me to reply what u just said. it was a joke with a friend of mine. 
4 wheeling, almost killing my best friend, chillin at the lake... ohhhhhhh goodnesssssssss!!! 
@ashleyfilm  i'd love to hear you sing, buddy! 
@jdatu Right back at ya my friend! 
@sillylittleduck I have decided on purple....with a little help from my friend! 
Haha she's my friend on fb now 
@erikdonley http://twitpic.com/5epmm - jared,my friend said that u are 20 of age 
im doing nothing, just thinking in my travel with my friend 
@ddlovato what a great friend and such wise words. That's a total keeper 
@maria_tulfe iiii, so how was it my friend? 
back from the gym O.= but it aint over! LOL! met a new friend 
@TheLifehackPost I'm still up buddy 
Talking to my best friend/cousin.  I'm so happy! I miss her so much. We're discussing a Japanese birthday for us. ;)
@webdesigngirl i've been the same  my friend started a little organic garden and i'm strangley jealous..
@liamdilley Power to you, my friend! I'm very happy for you 
@HamishGraham haha it's all planned out, my friend jeremy is picking me up from the airport and my bro is leaving his door unlocked 
@jewlicious So I hear. I saw the video of this next event. You remind me of a friend. 
yay, facebook friend request 
talking to my good friend  attempting to write my english speech but keeps getting sidetracked into good convo's!!
@vranac thanks you my dear friend 
Just had a blast with my best buddy. 
@EFisch hi friend  i am busy organizing things for my boss while i'm gone as well as writing my maid of honor speech :-0
wonders what to give to a friend for still unknown reasons... 
just wrote my first appointment in the calendar. Shout out to my teacher friend 
@anima The combination of apples and cinnamon is as old as time,my friend.They're a match made in heaven 
To the mall w. my friend. ! 
@i_want_coffee me too,friend  I cant stop looking great picture of G &lt;3
@RackerHacker Thats why having a friend to help you remember is nice 
@DianaRusso how are you my friend? I pop in on twitter  working my happy butt off on buisness stuff and helping friend with wedding plans.
@artificier spread the word about me, my friend. i would really appreciate it 
@SoldierBeetle BUT.....if I have something of interest to say to my friend I will definitely .@ from now on 
@AliciaWag you may have anything my friend - put to a good cause 
@dimensiondvdrob let me know when you have met the criteria my friend!  
Just finished one of the books my friend sent me 
Catching up with an old friend and it feels so good. I love refection. 
is playing twister with my friend 
procrastination: my new best friend 
Laying in bed with @micabebecca watching family guy  I &lt;3 my best friend
@GoodVibeCoach thank you! Just reflecting your inspirational blogs, my friend 
@Silkytooth nice to meet U , new friend 
is out in the garden with his laptop listening to galaxyfm  seeing a friend later .. probably watch a film .
@ChunkyPooch awh friend..thank you  it was good.. like our wee chats 
@mykasaraw yeah, you should've been thankful to me before, b'cos you have a friend like me  not like @wryckyanno
@sheila97 A long lost friend  not who you are thinking!!
@giselle2323 you changed your name lil' friend   very pretty name 
is off to meet a friend! have a good day everyone  x
@MissMarcJacobs2 Give me a good quote buddy 
@krupali hi friend of my brother! 
is making a friend happy 
My friend come to my room 
A friend is some one to who you can say, I love you in a very special way 
@terri5me2000 that was hysterical, my friend 
@barfota I am so glad a good friend recommended to me. It's so difficult to see everything! 
Reading inspirational quotes from my pocket pal.  They're really good!!
@jeffarchuleta rumors won't stop, but at any rate, he had his first kiss...with a friend...that's sweet 
@doriantaylor haha    I have my good friend @0sn to thank for that kind of exposure.
@SinaAmedson i cant totally hear the connection after you pointed it out. i like that you know the word to 'thank you for being a friend' 
Bumping into a friend at the club with a blunt is always good. 
@JBMovies I hope you make a great movie there my dear friend ) fingers crossed here 
My good friend... Makes the nights bearable!!  http://yfrog.com/12vavsj
I love taylor  she's my bestestt friend. Such a good person.
@DanielBrenton hiya friend!  you just never know!! 
@SueMarks Sue, any shoe lover is a friend of mine. 
Just wanted to let you all know @LusciousLime is pretty much the greatest friend ever. She even helped me find the cure for a bad day. 
@RightGirl hi friend 
Yay I found a new running buddy!! 
@davecool83 that is the difference my friend! 
happy  have a new friend 
http://twitpic.com/662c7 - I also miss my best girl friend who calls me her guy friend 
@ayyjaygee im a real friend!!! 
@preaChdotcom i plead the fifth on that one my fine friend, and unless u groupie steal #s from my phone you shall never know 
My best friend graduated with an associates and is going to nursing school!  I'm so proud of her 
#followfriday @sharonhayes - my honorable #awesome queen .. and absolutely stunning positive person that became my true friend 
Talking to my best friend on the phone. He's playing the piano. Haha. 
@skarkrow clubs around here have so much drama... I don't want to talk about this guy your friend knows... I just wanna dance!  
@butterflykate U should make your friend take you out again next wk and pay for you bcos of it 
#must_follow @java4two because she's a great friend that see's the good in everyone 
