Most common words for this cluster:
[('friends', 1113), ('lol', 57), ('friend', 54), ('im', 47), ('na', 46), ('buddies', 42), ('amp', 40), ('u', 38), ('day', 36), ('time', 32), ('today', 31), ('http', 27)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'friends', 0.8740009665489197), (u'buddies', 0.7183751463890076), (u'friend', 0.709306001663208), (u'speak_unpleasant_truths', 0.6961007714271545), (u'pals', 0.6880205273628235), (u'firends', 0.6709142327308655), (u'buddy', 0.6612119674682617), (u'freinds', 0.6603253483772278), (u'SeekingAffluent.com', 0.6517191529273987), (u'jennajameson_@', 0.6477195620536804)]





why do both of my best friends have to be shitty simultaneously?  Can u at least take turns hurting my feelings? jerks..    going 2 sleep.
i miss my old friends from elementary ans middle school 
my cat died last january- he was one of my best friends 
i'm so bord i have nothing to do i wish my friends went busy 
Does anyone know if networks are down in italy? not getting replies from friends 
facebook is being a 'tard -.-'' I can't get a hold of my cousin and don't want to go out alone, 'cause that's no fun 
is babysittin her stupid lil sister wen actually she shud be with her friends enjoyin the weather  you think im jokin
for some reason when i tried downloading the tweetdeck client, it wouldn't let me. i see that a couple buddies have it tho....confusing 
i guess its over.  our friendship is no more? will we stilll see each other? no more best friends till the end? what has happend? :'(
@Wispers_69 oooh let me get over there...i am on a friends computer, they are all sleeping so i dont have anything to share 
my friends are bailing on me  http://plurk.com/p/os5ge
@brierockstarxo Awww I'm not going out tonight  I was too tired.. I'm hanging out at a girlfriends house
my friend says ur gay stupid jonas brothers 
mmf. I don't like being in an argument with tom  if is wasn't for his stupid friends this wouldn't have happened...
Thanks @tamcdonald You know sometimes it is NOT a good thing to be friends with the bartender 
my friends are going crazy looking for me.  but i am tiredddd lmao  i am so lame!
none of my friends have twitter !! gosh they are so boring 
i miss my german friends 
i lost my cell phone.     gunna go hangout with my friends again. peace out girl scouts.  lol  =]
@charlesthegnu bodybugg &amp; icecream maker are not friends 
Pissed. I wanna see my friends more than anything in the world right now, 
are japanese and spanish similar...? (  cuz they sound like it  stupib neighbors...
i miss having friends that would come to this stuff with me. 
I hope since @oprah is friends with @ev she doesn't make a call to get me destroyed  #herebeforeoprah
Today I just hung with friends, nothing much. my guitar amp is waaaaay busted. I'm back to school on monday god take my life now!!! 
@revenge218 no i do not sadly.  i wish i did. but im not allowed. XD and none of my friends have it. lol
I actually miss how everyones kinda grown apart  my old best friends, my cosplay buddies and high school mates... Just kinda sad really...
It's really sad how everyones kinda grown apart  my old best friends, my cosplay buddies and high school mates... Just kinda sad really...
Hating how both the guys I like are also liked by two of my best friends  I'll never catch a break.
bout to take it in. i had a ball with the family at dinner but the bar wasnt that much fun   theres always next wknd
Mourning the loss of a dear family friend...  (http://tinyurl.com/dj5br2 (via @addthis)
saturday night...no plans. no friends 
@NaomiSamburger hahah i'm pretty sure she didn't  she went into ae though and one of my work friends there met her!
@EverywhereTrip I found out from a friend's mom that she had died.. through facebook. kinda sad  she had bulimia (she was 23)
is poorly sick! damn so-called friends throwing alcohol all over me. 
im thinking about maybe getting some friends on here since i dont have any 
I was on a cottage with friends in the mountains. Now I feel a bit dizzy 
is at church waiting for friends to show up ... Where are my peeps 
bandaids and water just don't want to be friends -on my third one 
@DanweiTran yeah, if you have any friends for that 
@sexidance that happens a lot. I could be talking about guitars, and my friends will look at me as if I made a pervy comment. 
when I see my friends sad.. i'm sad also..  becoz i know what they are going through.. with first love... i know how it feels
@juliekuhn @paigeisasmurf awwe why are my ohio friends sad? 
My friends are commin; to my house now were all goin to school now  booohoooooo argh!
1 month more without my friends  .... sasha is sad  ....................
is wanting to put this new camera to use! so. maybe I will go drive somewhere fun. it's crappy looking out  oh - and has no friends 
@liefortheliar especially my friends.  &amp;that includes you. :&quot;&gt; Ayiee. )
Watching tv relaxing, missing my friends 
fuck. wanted to go to Awakeri hot pools with emma and some other friends but can't get a ride back in 
@vykkivale @cameo1172.  no. But I have friends in miami so maybe they can get us in.
loves seeing her friends tagged in  pics but misses being in them  hopefully I will be in a few this weekend.
@daizeemay1105 and why did you not go see me at the library?? I was painting away and looking for my buddies ... 
about to play poker with my friends hahaha..somebody hit the lottery! and it wasn't me 
my sis just told me that her friends ex bf committed suicide on anzac day. so sad 
all my mates sleep too late 
I am one of th nicest,kindest people you could ever meet..check out my friends to see. But comments like @katyperry 's,really upset me!!! 
@poksaiguy Those are my good friends!!  But I'm stuck doing hw... 
i am bout to go angelo's pizza place for a girls nitee out and my best friends bday ( i feel so bad i havent gotten her a present yet) 
@Jintanut well you can go and get in the bed too  I'll be fine here with my childhood friends in the dark room! [looks around]
lotsa homework  just got snw buddies dvd and joas brothers 3d cd!
omg my annoying friends are coming with a 6 year old that is mad 
missin all the fun  i wanna be with my friends~~ (((((
@smiley_steph I don't have one...  I just have the ones with their faces. haha. I can try to borrow my friends...
All my friends are wayyyy past drunk...am I the only sober one 
@MarielleBait yea like how they ended friends 
@CerebDaithi that would be so fucking awesome. booze, kick'n back, shooting the shit with some good friends. that'll never happen though 
is led in bed bored and should be out with friends  and is wondering what its like to have a tounge peircing :L
my friends story is really weird and confusing.. I'm sad tho coz everyone except me is mentioned 
thinks her tweeting friends have disappeared 
I need to get a shimmy on lol my friends are gonna be here at 5 i have no food or no idea what to cook lol. 
3.5 days break :O back to usual life!Some of my friends are becoming prays of fishing in orkut  careful guys,use online account with care!
gaah...oh wise internet friends does the name expopool look like expopoo? 
yay! aimz and sinonothin r ma friends on blogster life coldnt be any better well except for the bf part dnt have one.....  
my friends dont love me because i have allergies  L*hay..S
I want to go to the wolverine movie! my bf went last night with his guy friends and now i have to go all  alone  anyone want to join me?
if ma friends not sick 
@cmaplesyrup  ya u have and your friends!!!
@StephMsFoo george is a bt I used to have, and he is with one of my friends now. He got aggressive with Brian and my parents.  it sucked.
Legit depressed  miss bamboozle my friends and the hotel  had an amazing time &lt;3
@paulazinha it's ok, i'm planing to go to usa next year with my friends. probably january, they love cold 
lots of my myspace friends never log in anymore though 
@prendio2 No promo for http://whendidyoujointwitter.com - just got friends to tweet - went viral on it's own steam - no press noticed 
missing my friends.  I want to be in europe with them right now.
@DavidArchie - i just wanted to @ you because all my friends were. i give in to peer pressure, yo. 
felt gr8 to talk to some friends tonight!  but still can't sleep 
@jessrupsch ewww, that stinks. I've spent so much time and energy to build that network. 520 friends, and all but 20 are &quot;real&quot; friends. 
wishing i could go sketch w friends instead of goto color theory 
NOOOOOOOOOOO can't talk to my buddy anymore. she can't tweet right now 
Bowling with a bunch of friends. But I'm cramping so bad  at least my legs aren't still sore.
all of my friends are in wildwood  wish i was too. bed soon. love youu
hopes baby friend (@Melisskay07) is okays!!!!!!! just read a bunch of status messages on fb.... *sad panda* 
@kagefc4 so since forever my friends and i have been looking for a ride to the concert on monday odds of us going are slim to none. 
@petewentz im listening to your concert from my friends phone!  you sound really great, i wish i was there, i love you boys! 
@c2s i needs a graduation dress. @JenSchaller - srlsy. i'm starting to think i need to drop 60% of the people i know/are my &quot;friends&quot; irl 
ok.. daughter's pisseed i won't let her hang out at a festival with friends...   she just doesn't get it yet.. one day she'll understand
home and sooo bored already...i miss my friends at schoool 
loves his friends more than anything.  i'll miss you all 
@OfficialTL awww how fun, but im sorry that you miss your friends &amp; fam. 
@DefyGravity81 I know how ya feel. In the last three years I have lost 2 grandparents, 2 uncles, 2 gpa in law, and 4 friends to cancer. 
bored my roommate has been on myspace for hours  no fun at all
@shaundiviney i wish I had 14000 myspace friends  you lucky little thing!
i just found out that one of my oldest mates has turned into a raging alcoholic 
loves sleep but doesnt like it when friends go home forever.. 
I'm ill  .. I hate being ill. I wanna meet my friends ..
has anyone out there got a spare motherboard to send little ol me  Mines gone burp...using friends puter for a couple of hours
I hate the rain it's always getting in the way  btw i miss my friends
All those dougie lovers aint gunna be happy  me and mi friend are very sad 
i wish i was friends with demi lovato :| haha 
Whaaaaat??!?!?!?we can't be friends no more how can u say shit like that son....unfollow me son..damn I can't believe u said that  smh
I need friends on this shit 
gtalk plus orkut never works. hate gtalk service. but most of my friends use gtalk only   why not switch to windows live or skype..
@greenecrayon i log in now and it comes up with a whole ton of aim bots and no real friends. 
missing my friends! havent seen them in yonks! 
Wishes she was in tulsa with her best friends 
@pagankinktress PS: i'm trying to rope in more friends for scrabble on facebook, but nobody wants to play     yahtzee be fun too
Going to fall asleep to season 5 of friends. I'm deadd beat!! I hate projects! 
wow okay new account, so confused and no friends 
wonders y connection is so bad these past days? no chattin w my on9 shoppin buddies 
My brother just got home from L.A. I missed him sooo much. But his friends came over in a jiffy so I didnt get to hang out with him! 
knows how to use twitter now!!!! but i need some people!!!! omg....   i have no friends!      (sad face)
@ddlovato  hey demi.. how's it goin? could you please greet me here.. my friends won't believe that you are the real demi.. 
@tygmiller coz, I dun really have friends anymore here... 
@alancostello I know how you feel. Loads of my friends are getting on it, reading it and if I'm off school for some reason, they all know 
I need girlfriends today because I need to borrow shoes.  (This is why I don't have many girlfriends.  That and i steal their boyfriends.)
*lol*  All I can find are celebrities none of my friends tweet  *sighs*
@dorkabella http://twitpic.com/5458e - I wish I had cool friends that draw me pictures that were awesome 
We r suppose to be more than just twitter buddies  LOL. @singduke
and as our lives change from whatever we will still be friends forever....     last night w my boys. saddest thing ever.
@lu_baase: unfortunately, my friends aren't the clubbing type 
@kaylee1234 oii ma mums likee you shouldve gone to da afta party i  couldve taken yous home caz her friends daughter went too 
I feel bad letting my friends down, but I feel like crap tonight. 
I saw ghosts of a girlfriends past, i cried,  its was cute haha i was bawlingg!!!
@paulgdog Youre so welcome! It's hard to find friends here now. Most just view u as potential customer 
@jimmyoffthheezy hahaha i'm talking to some friends..i'm grounded and so ididn't get to got out w.them 
my reception experience summed up... beautiful ceremony...good friends...dancing fool...no game 
Looking for friends! Ahh missed out on da twilight festival  (Has nothing to do with twilight, its just called that (
jordyn is a abo and has no friends and bffl hates me    from chaise=god
Wow ghost of girlfriends past did noothing for me!!! 
Just got off work! Pissed cuz I could have been in waco celebrating my friends graduation!! 
Finally home. We ended up going to chris' party :/ my 18 bday was kinda boring  but at least I got to spend it with all my close friends!
My mom found my playboy magazines and burned them  I only get to see playboy mags on my friends place now, and It's not fun with others.
@DebHalonen awww  ....cheer up though, theres awesome people out/here there everywhere to be friends with!  ...x
sucks!!! none of my friends are on 
its a parent thing  and school dosent help either. nd my friends r usually just like...shut up phoebe.
(@phoebeXfairy) its a parent thing  and school dosent help either. nd my friends r usually just like...shut up phoebe.
I feel like a jackass I'm missing my friends graduation parties....  gunna be cuttin it close on a lot of them 
is trying to revise whilst watching friends. if only life was this easy all the time  xo
finally finished all 10seasons of friends. eyes hurt from the crying 
@AdrianaMarshall well then don't pick them out and stay here with your friends. lol jk i know u can't do that. 
@peqs I'm out with the wifes friends. I really dislike these ppl 
good luck to all my friends sitting for exams  it's soon over guys!
are they really my friends?not sure anymore... 
@xcarcrashhearts i'm having the same dilema, need a new phone, want new clan, but i had to buy my friends birthday presents 
I have a feeling this thing would be more entertaining if i had friends on here. 
If i had friends on twitter they would know im getting sick 
in a few short days we'll be moving .. that sux cuz we don't have any neighbors  living w/o neighbors is boring ...
says slept over my friends house, sigh no wonderland tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/uii0i
my mates listen to so much crap on you tube!! 
so tired! omg, i have panda eyes! I look like a ghost! And so does my friends!! Ahhh!! 
Ouch! Someone removed me from their friends list 
my cold's almost gone, and graduation is friday  goodbye my senior friends....
i love it when you call me baby... i have looked everywhere i think i left it in my friends car if not i am in trouble  xoxo
@babakahn All my friends met you the other day.I wanted to come too.I would have been there if it wasn't for the haram stuff.sob sob 
at my cousins and the internets cappe. not much i can do 
im off twitterers... idk y i bother saying that, i have no friends on here  lol
needs pub...but has no pub buddies 
@jesse3am I know, and my friend could find nothing online for kids like you, he said he searched all over 
I really fancy a sausage sandwich.... but it just wants to be friends 
This has turned into a tick infested night  and I hate it, but I love my friends and my boyfriend A LOT!
im grounded and sad while my friends are shopping i am revising and doing chores! 
@Steinson_J he crushed me and i think he had swine flu  i also became friends with a cat in paris named stein; he wanted to travel with me
I forgot my african friends name 
Man, I don't like summer because I'll miss all my friends  and I don't want my real good friend flor to move! 
@lidles yeah they do but they told every1 i was going and all their friends were like wooh party with jas and now they look like idiots 
I'm talking with my friends... gotta go to my friends bd-party, but don't really care 
@KATaylor007 I apologize for any of my friends who have been sending u any hate mail  Much hugs girlie
Its so annoying, everyone else gets to go home , relax or hang out the friends. I have to play the cello till 8pm against my will 
Still sick and really wanna get better. I miss one of my friends i should of never got rid of. 
staying for duty in the kitchen. all of my non-chinese friends have gone back 
@landoncassill Shoot man, I have so many friends I don't even notice that stuff...I think I only have 500 friends 
@lizzyron: lol no  my friends nephew put a cd in the vcr n it doesn't work anymore....
@sexyballa713 I agree fredda...we kant b friends now @kingkazib its not gne b da same 
@theotigsy I miss my buddies 
movies,breakfast at 2am,all thats missing is my friends 
nostalgic...i wish some of my best friends didn't just graduate  the future? really? not for another yr 4 me! or many it's just 2morrow...
nostalgic-i wish some of my best friends didn't just graduate  the future? really? not for another yr 4 me! or maybe it's just 2morrow...
ugh I hate it when one friend gets really jealous when you start hanging out with other people...  why can't we all just be friends?!
hates when his white san diego friends dont want to wear sandals and go to the beach with him 
@marthakelly and I need lots of prayer..we lost a dear friend and pet today 
Hates it when I get all excited to hang out with old friends and then it all falls through 
dang it, my friends and I are not in the same class anymore. 
@CheetahmamiBia oooo ok   why  havent you accepted my friends request 
Hates untalented bitches being mean to my talented friends 
likes being friends but it hurts when u love your friend but the feelings arent the same. trying to sleep. has to really try to give up. 
Why don't any of my friends ever miss me  why do 40 year old pervs like me  why can't I be a shape shifter ((((((((((((((((((
friends romans and country men lol ppl need 2 help me out and say i have twitter i dont have any friends   loner loner la da da
Thinks that my friends lifes go around with what they boyfriends do and then they have not time for us girls 
@semipenguin they are gone after I restarted TwetDeck  , and I wanted to follow  the peeps that I got posted frommy friends :/
@mmitchelldaviss mitchell i tryed to add you on xbox live lastnight during when i was in your live show, but your friends list is full 
i thought follow friday was about gaining new friends, not losing them. 
#FollowFriday In honor of my web buddies who moved.  @warpdesign @cianan @BigToach @mikedelgado
i lost friends, when i didnt do anything 
Enjoying sunshine in the park with friends, pale shirtless footballers are not attractive I'm afraid 
@dougiemcfly me too. We're cold pals 
@platea sorry @platea friends - I'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! No charades for me. 
Hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! realy, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
texting my friends and being bored...   gosh i hate rain!!
Guess this is a 24-48 hour maintenance.. I'm so sad I miss my friends 
My sister is having a stupid party &amp;&amp; I wanna hang out with my friends, but hilly won't txt me back... 
@kyoisorange lol were always friends  i havent got hers yet .. and im busy next weekend  dunno when im getting yours and hers
so sad that no friends everyday for a long ass time 
also finally home with no friends or anyone.. kinda nice to sit in a quiet room.. do wish the gf was here tho... 
@natss91 kill me as soon as you get here ,ok? my sister is having a sleepover tonight  and her obnoxious friends are driving me insane
ahhhhh fuck it..... none of my friends want to see it... and they don't wanna chill tonight... so its just me myself and i 
Hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! really, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
so i have like no more friends it's kinda sad 
chillin, wish i was with my pals in il 
@papercranes GODDAMN it. I told my friends I'd help them move tomorrow, and they're having a party thing in their new apartment afterward 
Is sad to leave her awesome friends at cozumel 
I'm @ CarrabbaLs celebrating a friends birthday..... So why do I feel so weird?...maybe b/c he use to be my best friend...... 
I need more friends in toronto 
One of my guy friends just asked me if i liked him and i said no cause its the truth!...is that really horrible of me?? 
@officialTila damn ur friends is lucky to have u as a friends...*deadly jealous* i want to be one of ur friend 2 ... can u tell me how ? 
I have no friends to hangout with tonight  someone text me.
Oh off to the grandparents there going bbuck wild on eachother 
bored with no friends right now, sad huh, friday night and no friends such a shame 
@AznDiva I'm so sad right now. our kitty is missing since yesterday...he's one of my bestest friends  *crying*
thanks for all of your prayers for my besties uncle.... he is such a loving and great person!  We will def miss him 
is watching denver get whooped by the lakers.....putting my boy to bed wishing I was out with my friends 
@julieroberts1 thx so much hun for all the support &amp; &lt;3 for tryouts, but ended up none of me or my friends made it! only 3freshmen! 2bad 
whenever I really need the best friends I have they are nowhere to be found...bleh I'm all melancholy tonight 
Srry i wont be on this very often, my mom doesnt want me to have  one so i can only go on at my friends house 
I can't believe how ur close friends can just be the biggest jerks to you when what ever happens isn't even your fault 
is shockd to know her very good friends mom has past away 
@_htepope_ even its hes your best friend? One of the few ppl you can talk to wo reservation? No, i cant. I only have few friends left 
This shit is gay I have no friends  ..
@toxictinaaa : sorry i was such a bitchy asshole that day... member when we stopped being friends 
@josecastillo Yes, I feel bad about it too. We're very lucky! I have seen a steady stream of unemployed friends this week, no fun 
@chellemariee lol aww. just me  she's so awesome for real tho. I wish she could bond w my friends.
great i have 2 go out to dinner tonight with my mums friends going to be so boring  so i have 2 go and get ready ha bye 
@SpiderxBear awe he's working is he lol I still have no friends to go with again tonight  ppl always bail on me
http://twitpic.com/68srk - i miss my friends darn much!! 
I'm definitely noticing lack of love for google latitude. What started as about 20 friends has now dropped to 4 who bother with updates 
i dont like having no freinds  #marsiscoming
its not nice not having any freinds  #marsiscoming
I hate when my friends call me crying because a guy completely screwed them over 
my friends are curious about my dumped status........ dont know what to tell and what not to tell...... 
And carlos going to the beach with his friends :'( &lt; sad face 
i hate it when my freinds change their attitudes from good to bad 
@aaroneveritt so when you go 2 the gig will you tell me how it was? it looks like i won't be able to go, none of my friends like him 
@xoxoHelenHilton hpe note haha. and nopee- all ym friends are on holiday  lol, youu?
Working at the mo missing friends bbq. 
im giving up on trying to make a photo thing of me and my friends 
i want some freinds on here 
&quot;as we go on we remember all the times we had together, and as our lives change from whatever we still be friends forever&quot; 
running errands for abby's grad party  then spending the day with my boo and my family! i love showing him off, ha!
i feel friendless.. more than half of my friends are in florida &amp; the other ones are either too far in distance or work thru the wkends 
@drfired I wasn't checking bc I was out w/friends. 
do you know whats not cool? going to drinks then dinner and completely blacking out and missing your plans. sorry friends 
@SazFOB oww. i have a couple of friends who visited diff countries with cases of piggy flu, kinda worried 
@divingkid2001 oh dude I'm missing you too! It sucks to be on vacations if  you can't see your friends 
bored at friends. we were soposed 2 play airsoft but its raining 
@ddlovato awww poor demi. But thats just part of being a celebrity..be greatful you get that life and are friends with the jonas brothers 
Cleaning    I may be hosting a big bunch of hot guys here in a bit - oh no wait - it's just my husband and his best friends' wedding party
@martingoode i know, at a mates house though  lessened learned, never again
@Applecored I guess you've got loads of friends with skype then? Hardly and of mine have it 
@ladykiller719  you dont want your friends knowing about me!!?? 
@LaRainbow Yeahh but cheer for your friends, dont boo the competiton 
So lucky me to have the awesome friends tha ti have buut they're so faaar! 
is at home. I wish my guy friends would come around and talk to me. 
taking the lil one to a friends bday party.....feelin homesick......I've been here for about a month.......and well I miss it 
Starting to worry about my 21st speech by bro..even though so far away. Toooo many embarrassing stories that he knows which friends don't 
I'm kinda tired, and it really sucks that I didn't get to say bye to any of my friends.. 
I just finished my friends make up for prom! SOOOOOo gorgeous I feel like it's the best I have ever done.  The pics don't do it justice 
going to #boomnightclub for orange pride night, acoustic tunes by a sweet, yummy girl and visits with friends.. I have nothing to wear 
Thinking abt just now,my heart aches when my dear friends smokes  and drinks  thought they did have fun.
@Jzakoni i will twitter about it. i dont have much friends though  im not ::sigh:: popular 
looking for pe0plleeeee     so many strangers  
Lol at our neighbour playing the whole timbaland album withher friends and not inviting me 
I miss my lowell friends already 
wish i had friends in dallas that actually liked to go out....sho miss my bff 
lookin 4 my friends!! 
aw my friend audrey wants me to come play beer pong with people at her house but...I'm already in pjs and feeling sick. such bad timing 
maaan, i really miss my friends 
friends are all gone gotta do my food tech assignment 
Tears of sadness because i wont get to see my friends in school anymore. 
@LegendXx i wish  ur so far lol i need christina fans as buddies
work 10:30-6  then a speghetti dinner + friends soccer game. im never homeeee 
all my folks is cattin on me  terrible i need a new set of friends.. who wants to be my friend
My bff is mad at me and my drinking buddy isnt happy either  boo
I am a horrible dd, I never can tell my friends when to stop and then they get sick and I feel responsible 
@ishanney sry   yep but only for school friends.
@_JAYYTEE aww man I thought we were friends!!! I didn't even say nothin bout abs 
eating at dennys at 2:06am with friends, fatties for life 
So deprived of internet and friends since the renos started  one more week to go!
hmmm..why is that i don't know what is happening with my friends??..i'm always soo left out.. 
I will mis my dormmates 
issssss bored!!!  god i need my friends!! i wanna go to the mall 
Having off on weekends ia completely useless 4 me  all my friends are working and I cant even go shopping :-/ Hoteltimes suck!!
such a fun weekend! missing my friends and bf aready 
can't log in on my facebook account!!! how come my friends can......waaa  stress!!!grrr
@crystalwho I'm at a bbq!  I'm sorry buddy 
I appreciate I have close friends over the internet.  but why can't I have someone to be here for me physically? 
@location415 FCUUUK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! too bad I got stood up 2 nights in a row..man, I need some new friends! 
@Smokerette @clairelouise2 okay, I sent it to my youtubers friends and they started to comment. wow, this vid is going to haunt me 4ever 
i am so sad all my friends are moving!!! tempe feels so empty without you guys! 
I'm really glad to see that my fellow tweet friends are just as upset as I am about dr tiller's death. 
i miss my friends  hayl, grego, jess d and the rest of the klan i love uu xxxxxx
Getting a new screenname because some low life hacked it and sent gross stuff to my friends.. wow. this would happen to me!  grrr
At the nail place with the besties! the dang ladies are taking too long to do my friends so i cant get mine done 
off to work...no drunken behaviour without my drinking buddy tho 
@kathryngraceeby i just put you in my top friends on myspace and you go and delete it!? sad face  i love you anyway &lt;3
another amazing weekend! i love my friends..but i really really miss my old ones 
just chilling with my mates before they go to spain  .......what will i do without them???
Is disappointed that the cool beats my friends were doing at hershey might not be able to get out of the vidz 
@masonawilliams dead serious.  and his cat didn't make it. we're going over there soon. i'm waiting for kevin to get back from his friends
No one will go to fleetwood mac with me tonight. I've dragged all my good friends at least once... They're tired 
@taylorswift13 my friends wont change the channel  what was it?
@SullivanTire you can show ur condolences by bringing me on board ..     i'm his biggest fan!
...even facebook says i have no friends  http://bit.ly/5kSb7  hahaha
its hard not having friends that like jb 
relaxing and watching the hills.....unless my bf n his friends take over the tv  !!
@livewire413 it sucks bc you have to go through a lot of baddies to find the goodies. I have AMAZING friends, and a few douches 
someone invite me for his bday! but i have to meet with my friends 
i cant believe i have to watch my 11 year old sister loose one of her friends so young. i feel like im living steph all over agian 
Hoping my ex g/f is ok and my real friends kow who I am refuring to 
my life is getting down, gay guys for me and i realased that i don't know to much about friends 
fml. none of my friends have time 4 me 
oh yeah. and sad my friends broke down on the way home 
wish i was watching the awards with my friends.  esp. since josh has already fallen asleep. how lame.
stupid wogs. well the wogs im friends with. stupid boys 
Just back from lunch, ended up stopping 2 drive an old man 2 his friends, he looked very lost &amp; disorientated walking beside a busy road 
Ugh long distance relationships will never work, so just put dem in the friend file and maybe 1 day the opportunity will come 2 b 2gether 
trying to search friends over twitter... would anyone be my friend.. as i am feeling alone... 
Sometimes your boyfriend invitesy a bunch of friends over, except yourself. 
none of my &quot;friends&quot; talk to me very much anymore!  
... but anytime you need a friend I'll just be me.&quot; I miss the good ol' days and the friends that I had 
Rcvd many bday wishes from my online &amp; offline friends, &amp; some of them i dont even remember their bdays! I feel so bad now. 
Apparently all my friends are asleep b/c no one remarked on anything I posted to my facebook wall 
@staaceeyy  stress. boys. friends. everythinggg. i just feel empytness. and i hate it. i need something.
@jackconnor89 yeah its mad my best friends is a supporter 
dam.. i've got big news, idk how to break it to my friends :/ ..al tie it to homing pigeons and release them  .. but am afraid of birds 
i was goin 2 welcome my 160th follower, only 2 find it was filthy spam..although 'MyExoticFriend' does sound appealing, we cant b friends 
one of my friends just left, and i'm never gonna see him again 
@SummerGirl3 well. maybe one day I won't be looking at a black box  It is good to know you. are we friends on facebook yet?
@jdogxhollywood done &amp; done!! haha hopefully she'll do it! and don't be annoyed  your true friends in maryland love you and always will
summer sux....you dont see your friends as often as you want to... 
sending condolences to the friends and families of the air france airbus crash - so sad 
she doesnt let me because she says those are her firends...  
sitting out by my pool by myself bc all my friends left me for the summer! 
@MonKy22  awww  boo for sucky roomates!
back at work   i miss my new friends  but not that bristol accent lol
@jennifalconer haha not twilight, unless you wanna fall sickeningly in love with rob pattinson. its what happened to all my friends 
@punkrockchick84 ill be at uni then tho so i wont be able to go to it with my current friends which was the point of this gig! 
@jeeesss I know, I know...but..aaahhh.  idk..two of my friends are going, and I know I'm just going to feel so left out haha.
Has no friends who have a twitter. And since no ones gonna read this anyway ( having no friends) I really dont know why im typing this. 
One of my favs growing up. They don't make family shows like this anymore  http://twitpic.com/6fkjb
@stales yeah I have 2 buddies working on that 
wanna talk to mein friends but theyre all at school or having lives. 
@kazmilovexo r u tlkin bout me bout ur real friends, cuz iwasnt being mean! If uthought iwas sry but ithought u were mad at me 
None of my buddies wanna talk? 
i missed my friends graduation  gah i feel so bad
@hiijessicaa, You are really sassy, but its kay, we are best friends.  No best buddies tomorrow 
@jonathanshorter: with garrett and his friends! I'm sorry it was last minute! i should have thought of you  i'll totally see it again
bored cuz phone died and left my favorite game at a friends house 
great not the only one here anymore. ugly fat lady is here w/ ugly gay friends...oh wait, they left 
@DarnWright I only have two friends on bb messenger 
so jealous!my boyfriend &amp; his friends road-trip-ing to central java while im stuck in dining table with books &amp; papers all over the place 
can't go ta sleep... need more friends.... 
@ryanjarymy count me in.. I'm still upset.. lol..  Wow I was totally ignored by my two cycling buddies..   lol..  I'll try to get over it.
store, then vegan sushi w/no vegan friends....and then, i come home and fuck everything up  going to bed sad is no fun
Apparently being a rocky horror virgin has lost me cool points with my friends 
short holidays was sooooo amazing, i'm sooo tired and i think still a bit drunk xD i'm missing holland &amp;' my friends already! 
short holiday was sooooo amazing, i'm sooo tired and i think still a bit drunk xD i'm missing holland &amp;' my friends already! 
http://bit.ly/6PfPk via @addthis this was my friends daughter  omg shocked horrified
@MAGGIECHICKEN lol why aren't any of your friends going?  thats mean of them! (take along a sibling?)
@ladyspwrinkles  i got one that read 'i discourage my friends from losing weight so i'll still be the skinny one'.
:'( i want to see tbs in toronto so badly but i have no friends who like them &amp; now im broke. i havent seen them in almost 3 years! &lt;/3 
@harrietpayne - you know mee harriet, i hate cameras...omgosh long time no see   i miss watching fat friends wit'choo, and bike rides 
i'm so done with people messaging/friend requesting me on myspace. i think all they want is some ass/boyfriend. sorry kids. i'm not that 
hates how just being friends isnt good enough for some 
http://twitpic.com/6gg1m - Awww my elderly friends got their car broken in to, contacting police for them now 
I have a friend on facebook who has 1001 friends, he KNOWS all of them. Makes my 73 seem so small 
Today sucks: i'm losing all my friends AND i have to get a shot 
I hate when my friends know exactly what is wrong without me saying it.   leads to some really heavy emotional stuff
@Norbtek i'm going to need to have some more friends get married on go on honeymoons the bag is half empty 
@perfectpantry thanx lydia. am looking forward to going to the movies with soeren &amp; friends. tom is unfortunately too far away! 
but i'll miss my dear friends  i need them so much! but it hurts at the same time. don't know what to do!!! my head is a mess
i'm thinkin bout practicing swimming, i'm sick of all my friend makin fun of me coa i'm not good at it 
@TillyRossetti jen&amp;brad!! so much better than 'brangelina'. i watched the friends episode where he is in it as will i was like, 
china blocks twitter: i guess i'm not meeting any new friends from china anytime soon... 
blockles on omgpop isn't as fun without playing with the youtube buddies 
i love my family.  i love my friends.  it's going to be SO hard to move away by myself this summer.  idk what im going to do w/out them 
@acrylicana did you decline my friend invite on facebook? 
@angry_mammoth Lol good idea! But none of my friends drive..and I NEED A CHAUFFEUR! 
@whatabout_ken aw you have to remember it, 'cause my lj is friends only 
Eating dinner with the fam.... not my whole fam....love you babe 
@stephyc It is nice to be unbound, but some of your twitter friends missed ya bunches 
i miss my friends up front, im in report jail 
bored. i ran around my whole neighbor hood today with some friends who has skate boards... i do not skate so i ran 
my dad cut off the internet and cable. over at a friends house, dont know how long it will be off. 
Where are my buddies??? @bowser1914 @missodfly @onenonlyfab...I miss u guys 
@DarthEdward yeah. lol. i guess i understand that. all my friends are going seperate ways after graduation 
i hate when my friends are sad  snuggle sesh
my last music dinner  had a great time beforehand with samanthaaa, nikita, and melanie. im going to miss all the amazing friends ive made!
@lovinFancy dnt give up yet im js gettn friends 
@MissterRay take lots of pics bro i wanna see &amp; have fun..umma make me a new facebook I'm pissed Igotta find all 2500 of my friends again 
@TimBPearson haha forreal itd be likee i lost one of my best friends 
@kissfmnightshow uuuuuuuuuughhhh!!! I dont even know why we are friends..... !!!!!  haha... errrr.    love my background?! ;)
@simon_watkins  indeed. I have made many good friends because of it.
none of my friends have twitter except one and no pamilya as well  sayang
i hope someone comes to the movies with me to watch adventureland this weekend. all my friends are bailing on me! 
Seriously, school is such a bummer. I miss all my friends 
Seriously, school can be such a bummer. I miss all my friends 
@mrinal i think i forgot to request @hshivram for the invite!  any left buddies???
so lonely on this network  cheer up cheer up and find pals . . . . . . .
is upset about a fake friends! u are a fuckin fake 
@Shinybiscuit also i would like to point out i am knicknamed sheldon among my freinds due to similarities between me and the character 
Long distance relationships...  .... still waiting 4 my mom 2 come online!
@paul_guest I'm not so sure seeing as us too are not friends anymore 
@k3nn3thcarl I kinda hate it coz sometimes the guards won't let me take my friends inside. I hate it when it happens 
understands twitter but dont have any friends 
@romeroandjuliet i know that song is amazing!!! btw, you will still have friends if you go, ill always be one of you bestys right?? 
No more chatting with buddies 
but im really pissed cause one of my BEST friends, rubi, isnt going to the same hs as me  but good thing we have myspaces 
FEELING ALONE   In need of some friends
My Carsons still sad  looking thru his backpack thinking bout his friends
goin to breakfast with some coworkers . Then to my friends dads funeral 
saying goodbye to 6 of my friends tonight  come hangout at vibe for @thiscondition's tour kickoff!
not only do I live far from you guys, I also live far from alot of my real life friends. This sux 
direct tv canceled our trial to showtime.  it's a sad day my friends.
is at ihop, alone  my friends are lost. hahahahaha.
wishes he could play wii golf with friends too  
I should be excited about the going away party that all our friends are throwing for us, but I am dreading saying goodbye. 
pretty sure im losing all my friends  i dont know what i did.
I feel like crap but I already told my friends I'd go out to dinner with them... And I can't back out now, I backed out last time. 
has no friends? boyfriend? nope all too busy 
@rebelyellow  cheer up buddy
@inthesouthern yes it isss, my sister canceled our plans to hang out with her friends 
all my friends have received their pamper hampers......but not me yet  bloody hate living out bush
@alysforreal ugh that sucks!! every single one of my friends is busy. and my boyfriend is hanging with his sisters tonight. 
I miss my shot buddies 
@selenagomez listen to your best friends demii and taylor, they'll know how advise you and sure better than me  bye cousin&lt;3
oooooh i have EXACTLY 300 msn contacts! only 8 online though! 
@ivylovee yes it is! smh. thank goodness for friends that drag me away from my phone and computer, or else id be a complete techno fiend 
@TamaraSchilling i see the bear has received no kisses or love today, i guess you are getting to many twit friends 
@Htial12 hey dude follow me lol i have no other friends 
@SARAAAilyy oh my parents just left to go to there friends house. so im here wit my sister. i wanna go over there wit u!!!! but i cant 
And she'll be (sort of) with alex, and her friends, and swimming, and eating!! Ugghhh! 
I wish all my dance friends lived in illinois. 
all time low was so fun lastnight. i miss our lines friends 
I almost starting crying because this guy I hate was saying how we used to be friends..awwh 
I'm over my best friends house and were fucking bored...womp 
Someone should text me, i have no friends 
1:42 am. When you go out to meet friends make sure you check your txt msgs to avoid being stuck at the bar by yourself!!!! 
Spooning with my two best friends reminising great old times, sad that devin is leaving soon 
yay whiskey.  yay life.  yay friends.  yay missing some dude in another country.  fml.  
AHH, my blkbry is deleting my contacts    im a lil upset. I had 280 contacts &amp; im down to 250 , but i dnt remembr which ones are missing?!
@mileyrayccyrus oh no  so sad to hear that  i just wanted to be close to you !! your my role model !! i wanted to be friends with you ! 
@FrankieTheSats one of my friends is going tonight and i could of gone with her if i was quicker 
@mileyrayccyrus oh no  so sad to hear that i just wanted to be close to you !! your my role model !! i wanted to be friends ..
he's such a douche, why does he have so many hot white friends 
i hate photog'ing weddings (helping as such.. not main photog) for friends, i dont do good people pics, just cars!!. 
@mileyrayccyrus oh no  so sad to hear that i just wanted to be close to you !! your my role model !! i wanted to be friends you ! if its k
Does anyone have a problem with backstabbing friends btw coz i do  x
I'm off to bed cuz I have no friends who wanna talk to me at this ungodly hour 
guitar hero rocks until you get kicked off by your brothers friends 
@afamiliarpath I'm here, friend, but I have been so busy with this move that I haven't been blog-hopping.  I miss my people, too. 
oh hell no @lurvjessica   you overtook me yet again, but at least i know my friends combined score is over 600 k now
farewell forever, my mango friends 
@Amandaisaturd omg i know, my friends made me get up to go to brunch! I just want to sleep   
@demilovato565 hey demi  you and miley are close friends right ??
looking for friends! im a new user and cant figure this out! 
@Lancerman123 hey, sorry i missed you earlier  friends are starting to get here and we will be leaving very soon for the beach
i miss my friends from disney so much!!!! 
also: why is everyone cheating on their sig. others this week?  not cool, friends.  
I Want to play ps3 ;( ! and go out with friends 
I'm listless but I want to webbie with my friends at the same time. How I wish my bro feels sleepy and go to sleep so I can do it now 
eww my sister &amp; her friends forced me to join come to their sleepova  but its okayy, i drew on their faces with sharpie while they slept!
just got back frum babysitting my cousin...it was fuuuunnn. But now i'm off to my friends house! LOL!  i miss my home...  lol.
i wish i was rich  feel like im always skint and all my friends have nice things (n) x ah well
@JonasBrother_s my friends had a party with out me  lol yea i no stupid reason bt it still makes me sad
My friends are useless and my ex sucks!, ughh just wish i could get away from everyone!  
I just finished playing tackle football with my friends. I didn't hurt nobody 
friends don't let friends twitter and drive. @ask_about_brie get off twitterberry and focus lol..but lmfaoo @ oliver twist! i'ma miss u 
Nothing worse than hearing one of your closest friends cry in emotional pain. 
sad.. treasure every moment w ur friends and family like its their last.. u never know when theyll pass 
@gabeezy I drove up with a couple of friends to go to some concerts. We leave tomorrow. 
is impressed by night at the museum 2 (: but isnt impressed by the lack of friends on msn 
@MarkDC i wont know anyone there - all my friends are doing other things 
wishing my friends werent in chicago  i miss them
http://bit.ly/SENia  ok, now, if i'm going to be on facebook I need to look cool...  I have NO friends right now   who will help me?
wendy needs yet another bath and i think her trannys about to fall out  over at andys hungry and bored i need more friends................
@shampooriotx  i sorry... i slept over my one friends house and then went out for breakfast with my gma...
All these bike rides my friends are taking now that weather's nice is really dampening my social calendar.    #fb
i wish my friends were here.  im soo bored!!!!
These are my friends. I love em!  college next year  http://twitpic.com/6sown
I am crying my eyes out cus my friends hate me 
@MelChavez oh no! it's sad when best friends leave. 
Another loser: aweshoot we lost the game  o well time to party and cheer on my friends! cya twit.. http://tinyurl.com/p3w6us
me bored...    just talkin to my friends.... bored
why do all my good friends live in differnt states or countries to me 
I think im cheatin on him but I can't be cuz this is jus friends goin out I hope...this may get ugly  this is not a date jus friends
@xoxojanine ya pretty much i could have stayed with my friends but my new house didnt make boundaries 
http://twitpic.com/6t0iq - This is what my friends cause 
is kinda sad...i really wanted to dance with my friends tonight...but i am having tummy issues 
I'm actually sad that I'm leaving juniors.. I made sum awsome friends here 
Just got back from a party! It was awesome! So much fun! It was amazing to talk to old friends again.. Not so awesome about that guy... 
@melanieann79 LOL I was quite peeved when it happened. I didn't get to say goodnight to a lot of my twitter friends.  How have you been?
googling on pals out there.... 
Geeez my bf wont text me back and neither will my friends. I am so lonely 
p.s. need my girlfriends 
This party is crazy. There are ferrets here, new friends of old frenemies and a lot of past being spilled open. And I have a headache. 
@CNICELB me to fam... i had many tears earlier from my friends funeral  how was ur dai?
@sanideos :O U watched it?? I am dying to watch it.. no sci fi friends to watch it with 
thinking about my friends in ohio 
@brittanyrulezzz im bout to roll one now! wish you'd come home. smoke with your old friends 
always at the bottom of others' priority lists.  how hard is it to put aside a few mins for ur friends once in awhile??
@richard4481 i agree...but don`t have that many friends anyway 
i was wrong, msg came from an unknown number, turns out to be one of my highschool friends, whom i forgot to re-add to my omnia 
i am sat down and i am very cold and upset because of my gay freinds 
:0 three out of my four close friends are now taken! n knowin amy she's not gonna be single for long too.. ima be the only loser   :/
okay here we go, seesmic desktop doesnt allow me to view my followers or friends. thats a negative. 
i jst wana say strongs 2 sme friends. im sure u'll get through ths rough patch 
how imma ask to borrow someone elses friends, when i dont even hang with my own friends 
leaving to go get my nails done and then meet some friends to go swimming....it's going to be a fun day!!  wish my boyfriend was going 
watched my bloody valentine yesterday. wow, then my friends mom scared us. it.was.not.fun.  lol
my two best friends have boyfriends. when am I gonna meet my guy ? 
what should i do? im still lonely without friends i really miss them  we had an arguement and it has been 20 days =(
one of my best friends leaves for the marines today  good luck out there gary!
@jerryhorton I'm friends with her on the riot  I wish I was cool enough to get my own skin for my ipod. You don't have one for my type 
@br00klynbetty its your friends peoples fault 
saw pics of mah friends doin boracay! I miss them. 
graduation tomorrow for the seniors. can't go. mom has to work. ugh now ill know ill never see my senior friends again 
cant wait till 2nite!!! sleepover with friends!! XD but as of rite now i am super bored *sigh* 
@nickjonass I don't pluck or wax them or anything. my friends hate me for it 
hmmm...I can't find any of my friends 
I can't support see these photos, I know that u're very friends, and i love all, but I can't support see nicholas with anybody 
@jonndeann already had plans for that day  &amp; like, idk your friends, haha.. i still wanna hang with you &amp; kels before you leave.
i wish i was as... um, poised as my peers. i'm 80% sure my friends back home have probably grown out of our friendship. 
Me too! lol  But my friends are all out having fun.  lol  There is nobody to talk to.
cant find any friends 
@saharlestrange lol your right. i dont know why i get so upset  lol you love me as much as i love you!! we're best friends for live!! &lt;3
what is worth whatchin on thew telly the nite nothin         well then i think i mite just have to watch friends lol lol :L :L !
@sxgx oh man, i think i'm the lamest of all your friends. i almost went to that show, too. 
@selenagomez cut her hair off. my poor guy friends are going to be crushed.  poor @filip3311 and @soccersuck and @shaddie07
 my friends are so mean lmao
@rjmahesh hahah i know my friend almost peer pressured me to watch it last night...  i get ridiculously scared of scary movies
this is crazy... love one person and strong feelings for another... oh mann... the worst part you ask? they are best friends!  im horrible
right im goin to beddy byes so that i can this figure it out plus need to find some friends quite lonesome on here... 
Guess gonna have a fun time at school with my friends, but now i feel so bored.. 
i miss having my girlfriends close to me.... 
What I was mad about was how at the idea of love he can just put me on the side, regardless of what we have even as friends 
@cony9 ok  i guess that you hate me a lot, but it's ok i can understand that you don't consider me as a friend i thought we were friends
hates his friends who enjoyed the foam party yesterday 
Feeling overfed and tired...I'm off to lay in bed and watch friends with my hubby who's going outta town tomorrow!  
@Sherylhays yeah my friends don't like dmb  thank god for meeting people online to met up with though!!
pitchers of beer... karaoke and good friends. I love my life!! I don't love having to work at 8am tho 
@camarilladesign there were buttons of anime characters on my bag and one of them was taken at the party. i got em with friends in london 
@kelseytucker remember when we promised we would write letters to our friends every day on cute stationary? 
i saw ur friends over by my house the other day. kandace and amy i wanted to give them a ride but it was bb drving not me 
whyy must my friends boyfriend nd life be in brooklyn but my comfy bed be all the way at my moms in dirty jerz  my sisters couch sucks 
Of course, no response. I feel sorry for my NK fan-friends. 
Why do relatives want to show their affection by inviting home for lunch, that too when they are 25-30 kms away in blore!! sunday is gone 
@SammyDizzle88 after goin to the ranch together...i thought we were better friends than this  HAHA
To my friends: I know I can be depressing/annoying when I complain so much, but it just feels unhealthy to hold it all in. I'm sorry 
i need a friend that is kind and loyal to me and somone that i can trust and tell anything to, i dont have one of thos friends 
omg me too its really annoying! i need some more friends  haha
@xCHICKAMUNGUSx yea I can't play right now  ...well, I guess he would let me, but I know he's having fun with his friends..
I had a blast this weekend. I've learned 1 of my friends loves the sack &amp; the others aunt was a mannequin. Missed a big fam event though 
i need twitter friends  britt is making fun of me.
i want to convince my best friend to start dancing hiphop but he doesn't want to 
@d4n13ll3 please? i need my close friends right now 
@Butterflyshoes I wont be seeing them till wednesday  ... tho I am off for a few days drinks and fun at my friends in poole :0)
wants more friends from germany 
is watching tv @ home... i want to see my friends gabbi and amy. 
saying good bye forever to two of my closest friends, sam and ham 
@iruffkookydough went partee last fri with my friends... all are complaining i put on weight... 
wow, i deff dont want to be in the office today while all my familia and friends are at my house having fun! 
im really missing all of my friends. exspecially are really speical one to me 
...My mom and one of my best friends and her mom just decieded to call ghosts to come touch them yea it was freaky! 
is wondering how ppl do long distance  relationship. I need physical contact. 
missing my friends like hell....i just want to meet them, be with them. Really missing them from the core....   wen will i meet them
what do i do? 2 of my best friends are sad because of me. and i didn't mean to hurt or anything them. that makes me down. 
http://twitpic.com/7h3l3 - miss manchester and my uni friends already 
my cocksix aches, my hair is gross, i miss what my friends were and i haven't seen the guy of my dreams in aaaaaaages 
watching friends and uploading grad pictures sloooooooooooooooooooowly from my baby 5800 
Over 100 chinchillas killed for one coat....how can people support that?  The thought makes me want to hug my chinchilla friends! 
I cherish, love and adore my long distance on-line friends. It hurts 2 B so far away though, when I know they are going thru tough times 
I'm sad because I just said my last goodbyes to my friends...*tear*...it's gonna be a long trip home....   
@cindylouwho19 not really ( my sister has two friends over and theyre being obnoxious. ive locked myself in my room  i took medicine tho
supposed 2 be cleanin but you know how i am. havnt talked to any of my friends in a while cuz my stupid phone broke! i feel very lonely 
@awath I'm having a quarter life crisis w/ all my friends gettin married  &amp; havin kids!  I can't relate!  So I feel lonely bout my bday 
why hello tweet friends...how i have been neglecting you due to sickness 
decided to stop home... bad idea, thank god for my good friends 
@orabags your my only twitter friends I can send little messages to. Wish you were coming to the summer solstice on saturday 
I feel like I haven't seen most of my friends in ages. What the eff? 
i feel like shit  i need all my true friends the now &lt;3 but sadly i push loved ones away from me. whats wrong with me ?
@dancinggoddess1 Your neighbors now are suckish, huh? I am sorry. 
i miss my awsome friends!! 
@azuritetalk I wish i could be on yur friends list. 
My friend natalie is making fun of me for getting twiiter updates 
@rhettmiller wait, whats this bowery hotel event i didnt know about? thought we were pals 
@rhettmiller wait, whats this bowery hotel event i didnt know about? thought we were pals 
just found out one of my myspace mates died........need to sort my internet connection out so I dont miss out on more time with friends.. 
love oprah! wrote a new song about having to leave my friends at the end of this year 
@nickjonas my friends and i gave john taylor a letter for u guys when u were here in peru but apparently u never read it 
So many problems right now, first her doubt and now two friends that i care about hate me.  i wanna die right now! 
That's what hurts the most. We aren't even friends. B4 everything else u were my bestfriend. 
@JiniZilla seriously! i know this cuz i have a gay friend lol i'm trying to cheer up bb.. it ain't easy though 
@SaraLuvzThomas chatting w/ friends, listenin to music...dreading the fact that i have to work 2mro...blah 
But then the dark side:  i have no friends on twitter. 
@AppSniped i don't have any friends on youtube 
@AceyBongos I feel soo disconnected from ma friends now. 
tried helping 2 friends in setting up lan connection. failed.  problem with driver.
Self quarantine sucks. I want to see my friends! 
cant we just stay friends 
aww one of my best friends is in hospital  going to see her tonight xxxxx
Just found out that one of my dear,dear friends has the swine flu... 
oh no! my friends just told me that i have eye bags!!! 
hate sorting misunderstandings with closest friends, as much as they are required. all i want do is cry and hug and tell them i love them 
the upgraded #tweetdeck is not marking my &quot;all friends&quot; tweets as seen (sad smiley face) 
i need a texting buddy! 
i just had a dream that i was exploring some random place and ended up a prisoner and forced to be a waiter. my asshole friends left me 
@TweetRamona haah all my friends say my metabolism will change when i get into 20's .. &amp; i'll become fat !! nooo 
i really want to go to ikestock because all of my friends are... but i think ive left it too late at appley to go 
@Gosu71 i never play in co op, only play with friends which does mean i dont get to play itn often as not always enough on 
i'm home, eating... then i will watch movie with my friends! yes, i have friends ;D haha, and tomorrow i have to work 
is really lost on this thing... and can only find 3 friends 
is it that obvious ?!  @camillehives i miss his crazy smile buddy 
X jus made a twiiter...got no friends yet  X
who im missing: my choir peeps, newspaper buddies, and besties 
@jennarooo where is mine! thought we were friends 
@mongstradamus Just looking for some peoplee to go with mostly ^^. No friends around here wanna come with 
@xkellybellyboo I was mad friendship. I dont like haters, smokers, and christian activists who are mean. 
oh vacations , i'm so sad beacause i can't see my friends for 3 weeks 
nooo why are all my friends moving awaaay!! shit man 
relaxing just listen to the birds. dam noisy things. wishin I could go back to the past and see all my dearest friends 
No ones following me  i should find some of my msn and face book friends
MAn does anybody kno how to get your aim friends back ? my phone deleted all my firends 
I miss my buddies down in floridaa 
i do not have a boyfriend eney more he does not like me but i am ok we r just friends now but i am still sad 
@5windows I guess I am not one of your fav friends. 
Heading to the club peeps! I could really use some friends around me tonight so text a brotha!! 
i have to go back to the university. this is getting tiring. (ahm not doing well with my friends...: 
I could not record because the program .... sorry friends love 
just woke up from the nap. wishing I was at the del mar fair with friends 
i wanna watch friends. i'm too scared my dad will yell at me 
Wishes living with roomates wasn't so hard. 
sagt friends made me realize how busy I am that I don't even have time for them anymore.. my bad..  http://plurk.com/p/11hh7p
After seeing mr. benningfield tonight it really made me start to miss my vand family like hXc  i love you band geeks! &lt;3
waiting for someone who want to be my best friends 
Awww bride wars is so cute &lt;3 i wish i was best friends with someone like that 
lala no friends of mine are on here this sucks ass 
I miss @allivthelove and all my other crazy ex-coworkers. 
@songbirdtree .....  at least you have a bf..... now my friends are posting baby pictures
Sometimes when everyone else sucks entirely, I realize how much I love and miss my old friends like crazy 
missing one of my best friends !         see ya soon
to all my friends back in alabama.... i miss you 
hopefully i get to see my friends on thursday i miss them 
Missing my bff and all our memories 
taken was great. it's been one month...i'm still alive. pretty good i guess? tired, goodnight. i miss my friends 
@FutureClassics and i know nuts about you too  imy!!! hows friends there?
..im so sick for 3 days.. stay at h0me.. i miss my friends and my classmates at schooL.. 
Laying on my friends floor trying to sleep &amp; wishing i had a cutie to text 
motivation to get my licence: so i can stop flaking on my friends in la 
I'm new here! why can't I find friends thru msn? 
good morningggg, i'm bored, it totaly sucks when allllll your friends are in the army and you aren't yet.  
just found out my girlfriends cheating . ouch 
@silmy , i feel so lonely here. kinda being a loner in a crowd of friends. i need you and everybody 
@peachywish oh, that's sad to hear  hope u're ok though.. &amp; remember, you'll always have other good friends around to cheer u up ;)
My orkut doesn't reply!! I can't send scrap for my friends  
@ijrdn to be honest, from my observations on facebook, no one really cares.  Most my friends are more concerned about manicures :/
wishes i could go to the whitton prom wiv all my mates but i cant as i am no longer a student there  .. but i no every1 is excited 4 it ..
im sooorry i can't stay longer, friends 
I hate myself when I'm like this  I haven't spoken to my dad or most of my friends for a long time now and I really have no desire to...
My six legged friends have abandoned me now I've finished the sandwich   http://yfrog.com/15cg9j
@dannycasler no waaay!!  You did!!  You're not my friend anymore   Wooah... that's pretty epic, breaking part of facebook ;)
don't like exams. i know nobody does. but i want to be able to spend my last few days with my friends/boyfriend having fun, not... exams 
Its raining  sadness wish one of my buddies were here to chill and watch a movie with...ha not!
florida is soooooo hot..i cant believe it..missin all my friends in ky.. 
with lexi, were friends again! (: well wonder how long that will last.. i love her , wishing she wont move  only a dream
@hipeoples302 they're for my brother and his friends tomorrow.  but I stole one. I'm gonna admit. They're pretty awesome.
@Yackieeee I have to take mark to our friends house for vegas hunny. 
@controversie two of my close guy friends both blocked me today. one said because he likes me, the other because i'm selfish.  lmao
total count for last tweet: about 5 and their all family ahhhh i need friends 
...3 great friendships i lost on facebook due to friends trippin off of drama, and i know alot of it..wasn't my fault lol, not all of it 
i feel like i'm kinda missing out on summer seeing as how i always seem to be working, while my friends lay around and do whatever... 
@heathgerhard so we cant be bbm buddies anymore 
god, i could really use my best friends right now 
I think the decision im trying to make is turning me against my own friends 
just got home from a good convo with the crazy friends of ours..and thinking about my horrible bowling scores this evening..a 417 series 
@selenagomez i really wish we could meet and be friends... thats a dream of mine that will never be fulfilled... 
For some reason I'm not feeln dis party. Maybe bcuz I'm alone  my friends suck!
my younger cousin is gay and totally out about it to the fam...they shun &amp; make fun of him but he's my hero for doing what i wish i could 
@MeganDoherty I miss vid-chatting w/ you 
@techninjoe damn dude my friends band is kicking out ass lol..they have two more shows shit! i wantin on that playing time! 
@oohmytori sadly no ,  they start arriving at 5, &amp; my friends graduation starts around 5:30, 6. sucks. but thanks for the goodluck!
likes someone she isnt supposed to and kinda hates here self for liking him bc she is friends with his girl friend ...blah 
@jpcook23 crappy friends and family stupidity. 
Missing my friends in malaysia and singapore.. I miss the good times and companionship we have 
@mizkarlenemarie i only do it with friends though.  i don't let some random mofo use me.  lies i let associates use me 
@troyjh i am a bit precious.. ah i miss my imaginary friends wish i knew were they were hah 
ZZZzzzzz.... so bored waitin 4 friends to enter teen lounge and c me here XD lonely too 
I hate knowing that one of my best friends is hurting and not being able to do anything about it. I feel so effing helpless. 
it's so hard to say no to friends... which is why i always say yes, even if i don't want to! 
@misty_moons ...some of my best friends are lemons... 
@tweryll no sweeite, its soup, my friends brought it over coz I'm sick 
@RandyOrtonRKO no way! poor randy's hummer  btw i thought you and cena were friends in real life? no?
im sad because i have no friends 
aha, my brother was drinking last night and all his friends shaved his head.  I  miss his hair. skjflkd
I wonder if my camping trip birthdays gonna fall through, me and my buddy havent really chilled to talk about it 
braces hurt!Waiting for someone to come  What will i do while he's here? wants to see veryoddperson.misses friends and is lonly
44065 My best friend sometimes pretends to be gay with me for jokes, like many young guys, but I don't want to be for jokes... 
My friends are fighting on twitter  well..they say that a friendship has it's ups and downs.
sooo im going to the mall (: and this rain sucks  but at least im goin with good friends 
my friends wont never know how much i love them!! 
@Kirakc lol we were in the booooooonies two hours north of your hood...I was one with nature. Not one with beer and friends unfortunately 
I'm thinking this thing is rubbish compared to facebook, and can't seem to find any friends 
Eating @ pizza hut alone. I'm ready 2 be back in greenville where my friends are 
@hearted aww bb  well, fuck those people!  *hugs* you know i added you because you're my friend &lt;3 and i'm here for you, okay? &lt;3
Is gonna have a hard time saying goodbye to friends 
@xxcrazyemilyxx  it'll get better, uhm..are you pretty good friends with him?
just got this, havnt a clue how to find my friends 
@QueenofSpain glad your kitty is ok! They are important family members too. We lost ours recently, still sad 
bleh i reather be sleeping yet =/ i miss my friends all ready  i never knew graduation can make me feel so alone and sad.
stuck at 7 friends  more than i had yesterday tho lol
I hate when my mom's friends come with us to eat... It's so fucking akward! 
i have a veryy hard bet with a friend i have to have  100,000 followers and she too :S omg i have to win! but i don't think 
i have a veryy hard bet with a friend i have to have 100,000 followers and she too :S omg i have to win! but i don't think 
i have a veryy hard bet with a friend i have to have 100,000 followers and she too :S omg i have to win! but i don't think 
missing my swedish friends  can't focus on studying now!
wants to sneak out and hang with old friends tonight...but has a pukey son. sad. 
@30SECONDSTOMARS please help me I wanna come to summit but only iv recieved an invite none of my 3 friends  cant we just show up  xx
I want sushi &amp; a fun night with friends 
just updated myspace pg...i need to find all of my friends again   going to be a long night...again
i have a veryy hard bet with a friend i have to have 100,000 followers and she too :S omg i have to win! but i don't think 
@Eazee we need tickets!!!! my friends are going  tryna see keri!!
I wish I was in skool again I miss all friends 
My bro and nieces just rolled out  I had a good visit with them but it was way too short!!
needs to go clean the basement. don't wanna  but hangin with my friends tonite!
Just bailed 1/2 way thru a dinner with fam &amp; friends--dining with a toddler is 0 fun 
watching my best friends wedding with my bff before she leaves me 
i sooo want to go to see britney at madison square garden, but my friends can't  i wonder if there are other good concerts around...
Loooong day, and it's not even close to done yet  Just popping in to say hi to all my tweeting friends!
@katiiiie larry king. according to my friends, i didn't see it yet cause i have to freakin' study! 
hi people im very bored and im not allowed downstairs cuz my sisters friends r over 
this sucks, all my friends are out of town and i've been bored all week. 
@BrokenDoll ya that would totally hurt.  I hate finding out about who friends really are that way.
I need new txt buddies                any takers??
why do all of my friends find it too embarrassing to go into the city w/ me (b/c i won't go alone) to see the jonas brothers perform!?   
cant find any friends 
@diego1234 -- my meebo has gone bonkers. i can't see any online friends 
I hate making wiggles refrences around non wiggle friends 
i miss all my friends already..thts the sucky part of summer. nt seeeing all your friends everyday 
the graduation was great. missin my buddies  on a happy note got tons of pics and drove again yay!
@naden boo, that sucks, N   ignoring is generally the best bet with crazy family...in my extensive experience ;)
@littledeadgirl i'm pretty sure that i lost one of my best friends by being a drunken retard. 
i can hear my liver singing the chorus to lily allen's 'its not fair' over and over.. dont think we can be friends ever again 
Ugh..all my friends r asleep so theres no one to txt. 
why are some of my friends such idiots? 
cancelled tomolo's makan with buddy. 
@jayyy143 i think my two bestfriends arent friends anymore. 
cneh was a tip from a family friend..  also told me about ttm at 3 bucks a share.  averaged in heb at 1.90 .. spng at .21 
@allyse2001 yea one of my good friends at home just got diagnosed with it. i'm still kinda reeling 
i wish we are all together here; my friends don't deserve this. i can't describe how much i'm going to miss u guys &amp; im so terribly sorry 
I want my girlfriends exam to hurry up  I miss her x
so I just realized I have NO guy friends...sad day 
@feblub I really need to get some mates like yours 
@spliffy novarock.. half of my friends are there, bastards 
im drunk...doing things i probably should not..but whatever...fuck this...its not much fun unless you have friends...   
well i'm on my way home now ........ it'll be nice to see my family &amp; friends again .......... but i'm gonna miss london 
missing jaipur buddies..  seeing new pics of a friend.... sad..
@jigitz i would come on skype but im at my friends house and she doesn't have it so i can't 
@lilluci44 *whispers* I don't think I'm friends with him on myspace 
Not one of my friends will go see _kings_of_leon_ with me!!!!  what's up with that!
@lands13 BUMMER.   Thanks for finding out.  If I find something, just have 2 bribe 1 of my friends in the states to hold on to it for me.
My auntie's #glasto ticket has been stolen by someone at the royal mail  pray for her to get it back before wednesday, #twisto buddies!
is new to twitter and has no tweety friends 
@HELLAMATTEK I know who tracy tran is... lol I've use to hang out with her a couple of times with friends and no I am not 18 yet 
@naebabyy lol w/e ur doin must be workin...u have a ton more followers then me! non of my friends are on here 
just got home from a fun day with friends...only two major injuries &amp; they were both jack's! he's sporting 4 big band-aids now! 
@Propaganda2 My friends tell always that I've a big ego... xD.. but I tell only what I think... sorry 4 my english... not good 
im at work while all of my friends are at my house  how unfortunate.
uhhh i hate when friends ditch you foe people who are backstabbers 
uhhh i hate when friends ditch you for people who are backstabbers 
talking to my friends christian and ben and wondering why gradualreport was suspended on youtube 
@x__rachh92 ps everyone does live down your street  im scared i was talking to my dad and he said his friend lived down there noooo 
@gems_looneytune maybe, I seen him at the last one a few weeks back and had a chat at the bar, but then my mates came over and ruined it 
friday night and i'm alone  all my friends are clubbin' &amp; i'm ill 
@ili_fm tidak tau cuz on one hand a few friends going to pmi (which has so7) and on the other no friends going for capsquare 
mad decent fridays, girl talk, or thieves like us record release party. who wants to go, all my friends are broke 
school ended today i'm sad, mad, frustrated, irritated, mopey, and i'll definately miss my friends! 
I miss all my southern california friends soooooo much lately 
What a sad keynote  back @ hotel w/mary then out w/mah new friends!!
@amberrrrkranccc bored as hell. my brothers friends are gonna be hanginaround all day, which basically restricts me from going downstairs 
somebody talk to me, i'm so bored. all my friends are out 
Seems as though all my friends are unable to make the #julianunes gig. Really don't want to see the ticket go to waste! 
im so worried about one of my friends. he was in a wreck six weeks ago. he isn't doing well. 
i reaally miss my friends in germany  god bless them all!
well that was a bloody waste of a perfectly good night  stick with your friends, kids!
@mellalicious Not yet...trying to coordinate dates with friends, potential meetings, etc. Might miss out on graff/skate festival 
I need to see my friends! I've been missing u guys 
&quot;I wanna set you up with one of my friends, but I cant see you dating anyone but yourself&quot; I guess I come off all that vain. 
sick and bored. i wanna go back to sumer camp  i miss my friends 
I wish I could do hoodrat stuff with friends tonight 
castle crashers doesn't want me to have friends 
@LaurenH08 isn't that the truth! my son has so few friends that are respectful  so sad. but I help them get respectful in a nice way lol
@LesbianDad I loved the imaginary friends my son had!   so cool to watch those interactions - he is too &quot;old&quot; for them now 
oh sure. NO sooner do I post my blog about my dead computer, than one of my best friends posts that one of his friends died. 
everyones flaking  maybe i should be less of a dork and talk to my friends more often instead of using the computer all the time, lol.
All done with girl talk...talked to my bf, he's chillin with his friends...so where does that leave me...cleaning and soin laundry  yuck!
@southsidekustom i will just let me know thx,have lost good friends 2 breast cancer,doesn't matter age 
I miss having a huge group of guy friends. It was so nice to see the old group tonight, I missed y'all. I wanna get back to how we were 
is fucking lost and haz no friends 
@aliyaaliyaboo #dontyouhate when all ur friends are 487 miles away? 
Man, if I keep deletin everybody I'm not gonna have any friends left  Ah well fuck it!
i'm scared my best friends life is hanging by a thread and ther isn't anything i can say or do about it.  i'm MORE than worried...
i love catching up with old friends... my little bros are all grown up now  cant wait till i see them again&lt;3
some of my friends posted grad pics on facebook. my bf has emailed me the ones he took yet. 
@cciraldo i know, i know. do you have any friends who look like me?  i want a fake sooo badly.
 @xr64d ... why dont you get one of your friends to store the good junk, sneak back later and get it
I drank a few beers with my dad and one of his friends. Possibly going to a party tomorrow night. I'm gonna gain all my weight back. 
at a friends and missing my puppy   i hope shes okay!
At my friends house losing in pool...now I have to drink a shot?  bull shit
@Laurlen my friends are getting man tais instead of mai tais cause they have 151 in it....I got water 
had fun with ma friends at fridays..i reali need to pack my things..not ready to leave home 
wishes we had friends that would pop over and see us or even ring once in awhile blah blah! 
@3prettyprincess celebrating his friends birthday up north.  I haven't slept alone in awhile. I don't like it I'm a big sissy haha.
 true....  acha i prolly wont go 2 the movies,,,some friends r over
@CLASSYnotTRASHY yess i agree..and im sorry about everything thats happening girl  but i hope your glad to come home to family &amp; friends!
@mariaruizx ohh same with me i might go over near my friends...man i wish our floors were next to each other! 
Most of my friends write blogs. I wanna write one but I don't have the time 
had a dream she was living in paris with her best friends and won a vacation to the galapagos islands.......then woke up 
i miss australia. i miss my friends there. my teachers. everything about it .. i wish i could go back in time 
realised that somethings &amp; some people will never honestly change..friends dont ask friends to lie for them right?   heres to you.
im so tired  watching house until friends comes on. its scaring the crap out of me!
@sublimeruin I also have loopt, and I also have no friends....... Awww I just mad myself sad 
one of my friends is going to the jonas brothers concert. I was so sad when she told me. 
I'm extremely tired and want muddy buddies 
im actually getting so sick of friends letting me down 
Packing for camp!!! Loking at pics of friends to hang on the wall......making me sad 
sad that my eighth grade friends are leaving! they all graduated!! boohoo!! 
is home. misses my sea isle friends 
so sad  my friends baby died last night. please keep her in you prayers!
Going to my recital today! i can't dance though because of my knee  just going to support my friends in all my dances!
i'll be thereeee!!!!!!!!!!!! i swear  en otros asuntoos.... viendo friends 
Hey new to twitter...whats up...none of my friends are on here 
messing around withh my friends macbook pro. i don't want to put it downn!  haha.
i ve no frends here 
i need more followers  follow me peoples and tell yaa friends
babysittin now, while all my friends are out drinkin 
saturdays are boring without your friends 
missing my como friends 
Would like to go out but the only place worth going will have my ex and all her friends there 
imaa go out w/ ma friends   buttt just here not a night out 
super duper love bride wars. ;) I miss my best friends!!! 
@IfollowFreeze me tooo.....must be a bot.......artificial friends 
All ofmy friends have something better to do 
just got home from girls camp...... i got a concusion... my friends and i were making a twilight movie spoof and i ran into a tree  im ...
I need new friends on yahoo 
mmm and i wanted to veg out tonight guess not..good thing i like him and we have the same friends..but i'm sober pal and bartender tonite 
@michellereneex tis okay. i figure out what messages are to me when my other friends do that. no, i cant.  its lame. i asked maddox. hah!
@erikaANGEL thats okay all my friends are going to a party tonight  i feel like a loner! hahah
@taraeg yes please come visit!! I miss you! It's lonely without all my mizzou friends here 
Watching csi:miami..i want to go home! I miss my family and friends 
gah. i miss ALL of my friends!!!! and i miss him soo dearly 
yerrrrrrrr ! no randys lounge tonight  no one to go with - what cool friends I have!
I'm here mami.  @BitterSweetzz: I miss my friends 
Just talked to two of my friends on aim, sorry I had to leave 
not having any of my closest friends in boston really sucks 
My husband stole my friends.  They're all having fun in the garage, though. And I have a beer. Buaha.
Why do i hate my irl friends so much? 
@eisenundblut just work and try to hang out with friends but everyone is busy  how is your trip?
a lil mad that a lot of my friends did show up at my grad party... not even for a quick hello or anything 
Just got back from haning out with some awesome friends! I don't want to go to work tomorrow 
@vishnupsp a few temples here and there n a few relatives houses.  cls strts on d 1st at college.  u tken pics? do send me if u hv.
@msdwlove Its really depressing to have this awesome room and no friends to hang out with. and nobody to share it with.  I am depressed
@laapavi: aghhhhhh! I'm le sad. I'm watching mah boo and friends drinking. While I'm stuck at work 
@Magolenator you need to tell him and the rest of his peeps to stop going there, the neighbor is sending emails to my parents and grisets 
wow all my friends have plans tonight  this is why I need a girlfriend http://twurl.nl/lag8pn
@ohayemily I told my friends I'd hang with them they're drunk rn  I wish I could come 
I dnt want turbo to leave to basic training  I like my friends where I could see them. this night is for him  http://twitpic.com/7zh5g
hates listening to friends cry 
I just have to remember the fret markers are my friends, and practice at it. But then I take the lazy man's way and read tabs instead. 
@bythekilowatt Luckily none of my friends are the angry-drunk type. 
@nikkim15 yes plz. I was dd for my friends tonight. I didn't feel like drinking 
damn...all of my buddies @MsOmni are fucked up tonight lol! I missed out 
had fun barbequeing lastnight.. although her invited friends didnt come at all  tsktsk hehe
@riandawson hey rian! my friends saw you in sydney. i so wanted to go  i cried all night... i would have been so excited to see you 
 im buzzed and followed friends to punk ass bar, possibility of me getnin laid minimal 
I love my friends and being drunk and making drunk friends and ihop and everything in my entire life. But i miss @scotgianelli  and sa ...
I just got this sad news that my childhood friend died. strangers kill her. so sad. I wanna cry . 
sooooooo bored today  need fellas(read friends) to talk. do u ?
@rasspurp im bored too  my classmates? uh well some my friends is sucks D:
@gabanti i wish my friends would bake me stuff 
Just done the kids their lunch, their now out playing with their friends and the iron is calling my name 
is just chilling back chattin away to mah mates crap like that so bored 
drunk, and missing one of my best friends wedding, and in love one sided, and drunk, and kinda sad, and still drunk 
sorely disappointed  I miss my real friends and not who pretend to be
It rains and now it still rains xD  oh man, my friends (at germany) are not on 
all my west coast friends that I want to sms to stave off boredom at the airport r asleep  someone im me!
I'm not allowed friends over when my father is around. Doesn't that tell you anything?  this sucks. I need to shower too.
at some korean cafe drinking with my sister and her friends pretty chill but still sad  pretty buzzed.
spin class was full  daddy's day tennis tourney w/ fam friends instead!
Ugh why am I the only one of my friends without a dad. I wanna hang out 
trying to get this thing set up...but can't find my friends 
@sup_ashley I know!! I wanted to introduce my friends with me to you all on stickam but it was just drama and chaos 
i hate having sooo much fun with my two best friends then having to leave soo soon 
@sayble but then i lose one of my bbm buddies 
@mileycyrus have u ever felt like ur best friends don't love u as much as u love them? 
Me and my friends did crazy makeovers to each other last night! would upload a pic but dont have one  It was histarical
About to spend an evening of unadulterated gaming, the wife's in bed early and the controllers are charged! If only I had a gaming buddy 
@genOFeve damn that happened to my friends recently  you should get all ur money back but catching them is another story...
@yeuxbruns Currently drinking tea, listening to some records, chatting with friends, then I close the store tonight! 
@davidschwimmer Have a friends reunion ... i miss ross 
senior graduationnnnnn! ahhhh alll my friends are graduating 
I think this is going 2 be the earliest I've slept since I've had holidays ! Lol I'm just too tired out  anyway goodnight fellow tweeters
missing my friends alreadyy!!!!   bohuuhuu  im sad   
looking for friends.. wanna be my friend 
wanting to make a costco run, but i have no available friends ugh 
@Quiks smh @ my friends been tryin 2 lve queens for like a hour now uhhggg I'm missin comedy shit @ squads 
@mrspotter thanks for deleting me from your myspace friends.  ouch.
im so bored right nowwww... all my friends are on vacation right nowww  this sucks haha
.....wow i hate when my friends arent in the best of moods.....  
@ludajuice Was my b-day had dinner plans with my friends, but scheduled a date with a guy for noon, ditched the guy early for my friends 
0n the bus, goin home with my &quot;friends&quot; 2 playball (ugh) I dnt wana 
one of my really good friends is losing their mind today....god rest her soul 
@xoxo_j awew boo! You're missing one of you shy knees friends! 
pho and friends are good... but now back to work. 
@NCJoshuaG can you make it so that i can be part of this convo? I tried to follow the friends. It didn't work. 
@lhptanya The girl I'm going with wants to stay on the lawn with her friends.  I was going to buy one but it isn't coming up again... 
some douche just got into my msn without knowing my password, using a program and called all my friends whores and they think its me 
@brazz18 wow.. you really hate being in georgia! i feel bad for you  your friends and your gf are all in la aren't they? poor you :/
missin all my friends from church 
@ddlovato Why did u canecel your consert in oregon me and my friends are so disapointed we where so looking forward to it 
still dont understand what made u change ur mind so sudenlly like u did.. what happened 2 being more than friends?  &lt;/3
;(@ddlovato Why did u canecel your consert in oregon me and my friends are so disapointed we where so looking forward to it 
i wish i had a friendship like selena and demi ...    .i dont have real friends .
@ddlovato Why did u canecel your consert in oregon me and my friends are so disapointed we where so looking forward to it 
 One of my guy-friends is making my doubt my ability to financially and emotionally support a puppy. And gave me a lecture on finances wtf
My wonderful friends in the twittersphere, I'm going to take @antipov 's advice &amp; get some rest. I've got the most unfortunate headache. 
aww sad bit  aww no my friends crying waa
@HorseCrazyBoy1 oh apologies dear friend - i was mentioning people i knew corey knew, i forgot u guys were friends  
i luv miley cyrus can i have ur numberi have like no friends an ur like my only imagine friend i wish i could have meet u but..... 
feeling very happy this morn...off to meet friends for some brekky..then swimmin later..where has the sun gone though??? 
Getting some rest gotta be up much much sooner than I would like  party was wack but friends were fun 
well tweethearts its been real .. gotta b up mad early for the gym  .. nite barbies .. kens and friends! *muah*
@frixionofficial oh my friends are all going to that! but i cant  dance show
twitter?!? text buddies?!? mama?!? sisters?!? (crickets)....yeah its time for bed 
Just kidding no more hooburrito  but thank you to all my amazing friends who came out to support me tonight... I ove you guys so much!
yeaa excited.. I'm gonna hang with friends todayy.. I wont see em for 6 weeks 
My darling just went for a movie with his bunch of friends. 
just got back from dinner with uni friends, i didn't go clubbing with others  sorry guys! i felt really siick and collld..
@sapphire_city yeah i know how you feel  but maybe i could make new friends in high school i already have a secret admirer there
says toinks.. kunti friends huhu  http://plurk.com/p/13u0en
i just want it to be november now. i want to see my boys and my best friends. i miss them so much already.  
is wishing this friday didn't have like 6 diff things going on so i could actually see all of my friends 
@TyaraBee I went to hang with h.s friends  and we were all drinking &amp; my tolerance has gone dwn since I dnt drink so I was done off 
ok going 2 bed now......have 2 watch my friends surf while i sit on the beach by myslef 
@preludebabe hey hun,  no I never did  I would love to know,  but all the friends I have made dont know either  x
loves his friends so much... our fun times: painting, upward bound, herbert...  gahhh i love you guys :'(
@TessaElle ok it doesnt matter u sleep at urs friends house ok i will 
my friends hate me!  they changed my wallpaper to a snake, when they know that's my greatest fear! 
Eveybody please ask around ask family and friends if they'll take Reese we can't have her anymore  we are getting fined 300 a day
@Luchianotracks Bottle of what on you? Lol... I dunno what to do for my bday and my friends aren't helping 
my facebook got hacked and started sending viruses to all my friends so dont open weird links from me 
@LisaHopeCyrus yes he was such a jerk and so mean! I really thought we were friends!  goshh im so mad at him
Morning mates 
@Rosaapril cinema and dinner wiff the buddies  simple yet cheap : D x
@mileycyrus hey I've always thought that, infact I always pray that way 4 my friends 2, u will b suprised 2 knw who they r!!! 
@raytoro what colours your bed room -0 i  am rlly interested n my friends and i are haveing bets so what could u tell me please  thanx xx
visitin some buddies 
@twinkleboi He's waiting for you - with his mates 
@serendipify your fb friends do that too? I just click my magic button instantly : hide feed 
@Princess8611 so u can talk to all ur friends 
@mariedancerr when i get to my friends house im posting a pic of something i saw that remined me of you 
going shopping like a girl is supposed to  and coffee wit friends..
@flossa I agree, and it is a great way 2 stay updated w/ ur friends interests and activities! It's also easy 2 update and read via mobile 
I'm curious what people are doing for health. I'm going hiking @ a rock quarry w/ @postureguy &amp; @haveabyte + friends this morn. Pls share 
Out to dinner at jim's with friends! 
Going out to celebrate my best friends birthday  He is a raw vegan...pretty extreme! http://bit.ly/gCljQ
Late night peanutbutter&amp;jelly sw snack w/ @jozine - making more memories 4 ol' time sake  nite nite t-friends
@JimDuncan @bradcoy YES! I disagree with your assertion that real friends are the ones you can disagree with and then go grab a beer. 
@fletchxx i'm at my bff's house with some friends just chilling and having some vodka!! 
   my friends can get with ur friends and we can all b friends, shit, we could do this every weeknd.. Aiigght?  with coop n the crew
@PinkBerryGirl thanks &quot;hugs&quot;  love my new friends   http://myloc.me/3P3
ima with all my friends  hows your night going?!
at friends in fellspoint  i see a myspace friend here who ive never met. haha. i thought he was a figment of my imagination.
using facebook 2 speak 2 cfni buddies 
@therewaslove You also recommended some good new tweeps, for which I'm grateful. Always in need of a few good friends when it counts. 
Twit friends are the best! I'll join your twitter friend club... at least let me in as a twitty visitor 
@evanw just wondering .. hows your buddy @hillzy76 doing? I still laugh about that whenever you tweet 
me an my 2 friends bout 2 drive to the bar/lounge who rollin 
http://twitpic.com/3l4xs - cheers!  those are some of my girl friends,
and if we look at Exb. A, my background, that my friends is what being bitched looks like 
@gueamu Thanks  You should take bunch of friends to eat together there. That's how i got it quick 
gonna go, have some fun with my friends at the homestadium of my club. hopefully our teams are going to win! 
i was out with friends yesterday..gosh we had so much fun 
attending my dear friend's wedding dinner. Not sure whether suffering an irrelevant sermon is worse, or small talk with strangers. 
thinking about my crazy friends and how hard they worked putting together a surprise party 
I'm going to take a shower before my friends arive  xx
@KhloeKardashian hey khloe!!! I love keeping up and watch it every time with my fam!!!! love you and your sisters 
Fbook chatting with sammmmmm 
@Emmasays  well, i mean SOME of my real life friends compared to my youtube ones 
@andrewburnett LOL, i like smart and sharp friends who know what you mean in one sentence without :any explanation 
@robertstulle haha played that game on a friends iphone and must say it was rather addictive 
@SamanthaWarren totally jealous - I hope to get out soon... Skyping with my parents right now 
@divabat done and done. and i don't want to be off your friends list... please 
loves catching the train with friends  time goes so much faster.
So much fucking love tonight.  I love my friends. &lt;3 I'm very lucky. 
i'm up, been crunchy nutted, and about to get ready to meet my friends german exchange students  then showing them around lynn 
@erynsays and @omyamy well im moving there indefiinantly, as is annie and all my friends.. UNIIIIII ! 
@itshannahb oh, and they are really good friends. that was a total rumor going around that they were hattin' on each other. haha. 
adding friends on youtube channel. 
woah just got 10 followers! in like 30 seconds! *feels special* hey new friends 
@lilzeon Right  but those media buddies are offline and not online.
@ElieBel lol, it is 2 see my gorgeous friends, but if they played, it would just make the holiday extra special seeing them in england 
With my buddies 
limewire can never replace friendships. haha. 
I'm following back everyone that follows me, 151,000 myspace friends ask me how in a message 
@mobscenes Send some of my crazy postcards to your postcrossing friends!  http://is.gd/ugVc
watching obsessed with my girlfriends  haha
YAY furniture! YAY comfy couch! ...YAY time to bum tools off of friends 
i don't need friends, i can have a sweet ass time all by myself 
aww @DRockkkk needs attention or friends or something. i love helping the needy.   the more u hate me the more i love u.
i waa suppused to be with my cuddy buddy tonight but i'm with friends 
yay  finnaly 2 of my friends are happyoz noe im happyoz 
@biberli is it possible to have a group tab so you don't need to search a friend's fish, call it a school of twitters 
friends from brunei over  havnt seen them in 9 years, its awesome  
Is gonna go round her friends house! 
@martykjus i am also going shopping with my girlfriends 
you can run and tell your friends that i'm on. best believe i understand its ok. 
@CageTheElephant haha...hey, i was just makin' sure i got my facts straight! i'm a uk fan. can we still be friends?? 
@kinamoto16 we should be brace-buddies  heheh
who's gonna watch x-men origins, and the unborn, my friends told me that they are good, am excited to watch it! 
next weekend.. going to see wolverine with friends.. and then going to chattanooga with my dad.. 
@pet2107 that's actually smart! good for you  I shared w friends for a few mnths &amp; didn't like it, lol, I hv more space to myself @ home!
@mynameissasha oooh.mine is just plain holiday and catching up with friends 
@nieldlr hahahahaha - when you would consider each other friends 
off for a while  ttyl!! i have the best friends ever! &lt;33 ily
Psssssst just wanted to say hello to all my tweet friends 
@dharshana I went to bed actually, thinking #bck5 I couldnt sleep, so I came here to catch some friends 
my mom said our concert tonight was the first ever she actually didn't want to end.  then afterwards. fun times with friends 
gosh i love twitter! it's like being friends with your fav celebs  @SuperwomanAK @TheRealJordin @fattybellybella
at the jacuzzi w/friends 
http://twitpic.com/4gys2 - me and my good mates 
Hanging out with my bestest and friends in the h wood  what is everyone else doing...we r rocktars
went yesterday to a play,of one of my friends, it was nice but the afterparty was nicer 
my friends are what keep me going, seriously I love them more than anything 
hi everybody! i'm just listening music and later i will go out with my friends 
@gogreen18 oh so true. yay for friends 
@saritaonline Nothings beats unwinding with friends..better than spa.. 
round my best mates house - just had a sleepover 
good morning fellow twitter friends, life sure can be beautiful!  
@RichardLaksana haha, enjoy and relax buddy 
im going to have my room inspected by my fauther then (hopefuly) i will be heading off to my friends house. 
hello to all my twitter friends 
@CloudzAngel have faith, true love is where you least expect it. Just concentrate on the other aspects of ur life-friends &amp; family 
thanking everyone very much for all the birthday wishes! i have the best friends a girl could ask for 
I'm not mad at matt anymore!  We're friends again!
@delanijay ooohhhhhhh tell your friends to follow meeee 
@sarahstahl yea  (http://www.todaysbigthing.c...) is so cute til he bites half your friends fucking face off...hey it has happened 
went to a bar for the first time tonight. my friends cousins own it so i got in for free  jazz band &amp; older crowd but still really fun.
back in sf after a great weekend...i'm lucky my bf has awesome friends and a chil sister. 
Yooooooo!? What up mates?! 
your saaaaafe with mee(8) fucking epic times again last night  old friends and new friendships, good way to kick off this month!
@williamfdevault i've sent a twitter invite to poet friends, i'm hoping they will come poetize, would love 2 see more poets here  #poets
@laurendaymakeup haha have good dreams  haha best friends forever! haha. be sweet to presh bailey   zd?b;P
@ChristaGrant It was fun  At a friends house cuz you know I don't have a yard big enough for a firepit. SNIFFLE!
I'm kicking it (though feeling a little sick): alternating talking to friends, gaming, watching the playoffs, and writing an application. 
(bullhorn] tell ur friends 2 follow me  come onnnnnnnnnnnn ppl
09/09 +full moon+ my lovely friends and family= my b-day wish came true;)&lt;3 In addition,gray matters is one of the cutest movies ever!! 
deleted a lott of facebook friends, ask to be my friend again if you want. if not idgaf 
@torridcrafter One of my good friends in the states has it covered now, but thank you again! 
i feel really blessed to have super awesome best friends 
oh how i love texting my drunk friends  hahahaha
...normal hours to give any interested twitter friends a glimpse into a topic near and dear to us.  
@camilleprats aaaw... that's very sweet of him. my girl friends gots to drag them hubbies just so we can &quot;nite-out&quot;. unless my beer. LoL 
Is Skyping with family  
@tommk tell your friends to tie you to the railing. I expect a tweet tomorrow about headaches and feeling tired 
@nickmovs omg!! I'm tweeting sooo late sorry I miss u 2 good times ...NO I didn't marry him still great friends 
@BenWay08 mmm but nothing i can do. lucky ive got great friends like u to cheer me up 
off to bed mates catcha 
my best frends has made me happy agen 
is having convos with friends. 
going to visit the family!! exited i get to see the cousins  &amp;&amp;- i need starbucks bad had a crazy weekend got no sleep!!
i'm back in berlin.. going to meet some friends later 
im try for add friends btw 
i am watching tv eating pizza and texting my friends in mo-town at my aunts pad. 
@KristinCav What about The hills with u and lauren like friends 
@frogboy229 Thanks!!! It's ok tho. Can pick friends but not family. I've got great friends. 
@pinkfroggg I agree completely. Just didn't want my gay dad friends to feel left out today. 
i love when my friends gets my sarcasism 
@MinaMeow I don't think anything you say is stupid   I do not have stupid friends. It is against my religion and makes my booty itch.
yay  thank god for friends. They pulled my head out of the black cloud and dropped me into reality. If it wasn't 4 u, I wouldn't be alive.
welcomes her friends - penny1123 and mommagigi09 to twitter ... you are gonna love it ... I promise! 
And by friends I did NOT mean @tienjoyit because he's a little bia.  love you boo.
new to kutano: hey guys anyone else in my bunch of friends got this  http://kutano.us/b30
can't wait to watch Ghosts of girlfriends past later.. 
I want to visit my good 'ol school!  miss my kickk ass friends!
@M80155 hey! thanks for being a fan! i do keep in touch with everyone. mostly laura, she is one of my best friends  and a sweetheart x
I love my friends  one just made me laugh more than I have all week. thnx sweetie!!
GoodMorning everyone! Another busy day is starting... fortunately tonight I'm going out with sis and friends to have some fun... 
Really gonna miss honors nights and pizza with good friends 
How I got lucky enough to have such great friends, nobody knows 
about to go to sleep. totally mellowing out. listening to iron &amp; wine. goodnight, friends. 
is buying friends in facebook . haha !  buy me, buy me . 
@Trabeats mmm nothing, Skyping 
@HosamKamel  I was talking about these foriegn companies that I keep hearing about from my friends over seas 
workin til 3. my sched sucks but luckily my bf is changin his around &amp; my friends are changing their drinking sched around 
Graduation day! Congrats friends...wish I was joining you 
im new and need friends please add me 
@kat_n I will, I'll let him know that you'll be staring up one of your friends private areas..I won't say why. Haaaha  xxx
heyy tweets what's up?  very special day. i luv my friends &lt;3 at roby's home dancing hoedown trowdown &lt;3 love miky,roby,lalla&amp;caro &lt;3
@lalalajessica he didn't. it's just an inside joke between me and my friends. 
just got back from bowling with my friends! so hyper and can't go to sleep, I keep on dancing!!  ... had too much sugar today! =D
@karlaredor gigs - i should. hard when you have no one to watch with. most of my friends are married and not into the rock scene anymore. 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
today was a pretty fun day. went shopping. went running. had a bbq with friends. watched a movie with friends 
Wow nice buzz off patron  shout outs to all my friends
I am yearning to do some php and jquery ajax. For now i am out to hangout with friends 
gunna go hang out with some old friends and possibly some new ones 
@darlene121 ohh, add me up! And i'll tell u some of my friends msn, maybe u'll make new friends 
time to go and get some sleep  bye bye my dear friends!
@wowie I don't watch 24 but that doesn't mean we can't still be friends 
@matuahaami thanks for commenting bro. any feedback from colleagues will help me present something worthwhile to my workmates  chur
is gonna watch angels and demons with my childhood friends now, gotta off 
@ msn with my friends 
me and my sister  hello dailybooth http://tinyurl.com/orelwz
http://pic.gd/f31595 THIS is what best friends look like  cheesy i know but who cares.
Caint uploaded pitures to twitter finally found some friends too hahah ! paige uploaded some for mee  x
@adamsconsulting @mistygirlph that is so honorable thank u so much my dear friends 
@christelmcr hi,friend.I'm doing good  I'm looking G's pics from safe &amp; sound :$ http://www.imnotokay.net/board/topic/49163/128/ and you?
hello all my twitter friends lol 
@KDonohoe it's spelled 'two' mate, and no, we have our own respective partners thankyou very much 
@chelseanicola hi how r u , ur dad is so cool ,hope we will be friends 
i had a great weekend thank u to my lovely friends! if yr happy and u know it clap yr hands *clapping my hands* !!! luv luv 
@TheJackieRose and they weren't crazy parties lol with fam &amp; friends  so its the only reason why really hehe.
@teejay0109 gurl-friends are the best 
Talking to my friends on msn .. 
i love how all the regulars here are friends b/c of their one common interest: thai food. 
the only good thing about a fight between brothers is that they become best friends afterward.  
@ThruMyLens Send some of my crazy postcards to your postcrossing friends!  http://is.gd/ugVc
@thebrandicyrus http://twitpic.com/526bs - you guys look so happy together  We're 4 kids in my family too! but we don't have a sea li ...
@OHMYDAYSitsHayz haha i was going southside with my friends to go to the first showing but idk we might change and go leicster square 
www.martyrclothingco.com - tell your friends ... twitter the hell out of us 
cant help but smile, good friends are so hard to come by... thankfully my best friend is always there 
pride with friends and family today.&lt;33 oh and toots 
@whabamcourtney ..each other like best friends&quot; and i said yes and now she wants to meet you and your dog ahaha 
@rachyfbaby aww! I feel the love all the time too!  yay for awesome friends!
@Simeezy haha! I have no clue, but according to everyone there, they were my best friends.  actually, every1 at axis last night was my boy
@RealHughJackman going camping with my bf and my daughter  enjoy time with ur family!
lollz 12 friends online. im so popular. everyone goes on facebook on sunday night 
hello my friends. hope you all had a good day 
@realhughjackman I'm going to purto rico for my summer! And then I'm hanging out with my friends at the movies! 
@RowdyQueenie  cheer up buddy Shades won a race 
relaxin...chilin wit friends 
@AliWhite remember there's always the patriots... smile    no punching cats or friends xoxox
@JensStitches I'm so glad someone else asked that. I can't answer you but I do know how to describe teabagging to friends over dinner 
@ShamanzShadow LOL...so true! Some friends surprised me, so it turned out okay. 
@ddlovato i hope to be one of your friends  but i know i cant happen.... im dreaming in the daylight whhaaa!!!
hang out with family just now. it was awesome! love them. goodnight awesome people! 
@ddlovato You ovb know who your true friends are, but just remember that backstabbers are only powerful when you have your back turned  xx
I feel so blessed to have two of the most amazing guys as my friends  You two are truly amazing!
Just got off fb chat after 4 hours of speaking to 2 amazing friends 
giving the drunken asshole award to her two best friends 
before I get back to work ;) I think I should tell some freinds that I'm twittering 
adding jean to my friends' list on mf. 
movie night on saturdaaaaaaay? think the best friends boyfriends band's playing this weekend tooooo 
@craftybird But @biliph  said its best friends forever, I think thats more correct, I am not a female and it was to me.. 
@SMMpharmd my friends coming down from queeensland, and were staying at the hilton, which should be greaaat 
@theatrenurse hehe a fellow shorty too  my friends joke bout my son and me coz at 5 he's half my height already near enough!
Going to school..after thats over i get to go to a recording thang in ripley to see my brothers friends.woot woot slugbug! 
just came back from a friends house... geez does he make me smile 
@DavidArchie how are you now david? i know u'r so very tired after you'r concert. i hope we will be a gud friends.. god bless u always.. 
@sid88 But bro, I 'am not particularly fond of going to movies alone.  Just couldn't get any friends today.  But I 'am with you on tha ...
myspace is so epic i found everyone important i met on saturday and they are all awsome girlss....new freinds are the best lol 
@najwamoses lol. i think we are soul mates. 
just wants to warn my friends and coworkers. I am tired and cranky. If I am not drinking coffee when you see me.....keep on walkin' 
@ladybolan  The internets been good to me, I've some great friends and a gorgeous husband thanks to it! x
is off to work and will talk to his new buddies when he gets back 
is looking forward to football on wednesday, and kicking a few of my friends 
@LilyRose74 @kiwimonkey all recovered dear friends  must get back to the salt mines catch ya laters xxxx
HOME  actually. we arrived at around 3:18pm  so glad to see my friends 
working out, reading a little, making dinner for friends, etc etc... 
@ShelleyHendrix of course, I didn't forget!!  And feel free to tell your famous friends at dinner about your fab photographer! 
@leesafar ohh. well i hope its on the soundtrack!! all my friends agree 
such can be expected among awesome friends 
@sixpegs my friends got quite a bit of things from vietnam  heard that the girls over there are really sweet and nice lol
haha bus ride home was sooo freaking fun. I made friends with everyone  bahaha
i am happy that i have awesome friends in an awesome class 
off to the mall to meet up my sister and friends.going to the angels and demons screening! yey! 
My old friends came by to my placeee  they're super funny! We had lots of LOLs 
@marimar4 I love making new friends..pls follow 
@bsneed23  i say high to all of them eventually, i do promotions.. music.. art etc.. and yea  plus make new friends.. 
it was nice catching up with old friends. makes you think about the good times we had 
@GrrrlRomeo  cor lummy, computer, what's that?    I played football with my brothers &amp; their friends, climbed trees &amp; generally mucked
@vimoh and we are having #jaljeera party! join in buddy  #fb
@devangmundhra If you would ask me.. I would suggest yes   It is good to know what ur friends are up to ... 
krystallouise just went for a run. going to wrap some presents too now  also did I mention some friends are so hard to buy for ;) xo
@kiwilake coolness  when martin and I were just friends we went to the cinema. I was so happy until he told me it wasn't an actual date!!!
@solangeknowles - trying to round up my best guy friends so we come see the show later 
I was about to go to sleep and grandparents call. sleeping til one I thinkkl. lyy andall that 
Meeting up with friends and heading to the nerd convention 
@KrisAllenmusic my friends and i here at the philippines were rooting for you. great job! 
I love it when old friends get in touch  gotta love the old M&amp;S crew and their gossip!!!
@katylinn my debauchery!   yay!  come on, u can fit in my suitcase along with like 3 other friends who wanna go!
@abcdefglynis Are you serious! haha TO THAT EXTENT!? A back-up is buying a calling to chit chat with friends thru payphone when ur free 
@AceWeekly @RealityTruck coz they're 2 of the best friends a writer ever had (also smitten with bacon and funnelcakes  #followFriday
@T_Diggity it can be a secret because I just thought it up and am now hammering it out with some buddies 
My mom just went tanning to get ready for her &quot;girls weekend&quot; with her friends...all weekend by myself 
in buisness! so excited to get my new phone  and looking foward to this weekend, having a sleepover with my best friend 
i think i might go play baseball with my vamp friends tonight 
@Cookleta hey how r u doing?? have fun wid ur friends 
@_J_A_M_E_S_ finally anfollpwer writes me  except my normal friends here nobody writes xD
@Madsoli3 hahaha. no. talking on the phone with my friend. she is telling me lots of gossip about some mutual friends. sooo juicy!  
@far_naz A breakfast among friends with good chat and happy mood 
is start hugging friends on pet society  http://plurk.com/p/wha9s
i've already started alerting ppl to the bday plans. i know at least 3 solids. it's making me even more stoked. i &lt;3 my friends. 
@iDann don't delete me! i like talking to you! we're like pals almost! 
Just received the official wedding invite for one of my good friends--can't wait! 
@nursejennifer I know you can give up the cigs. Do it for me, do it for your tweet friends too. 
sweeeeet dreamss, tweeting buddies  ilya'lls. &lt;3
had a few nice conversations with a few old friends today 
@ShellyKramer I'm all for @mclinklove attending, but I must request that you bring A BUNCH of your cute female friends! 
had a great time with great friends!!  I love my besties!!
@laydie615 nothin eatin milk duds &amp;nd watching friends  how's everything with you?
tipsy at a bar with 2 of my best friends that i never get to see 
went to pete nights grad, congrats to my friends luis and alvaro. now chillmode with sus and roxx 
I have amazing friends. I love my jenny and my michelle. 
#liesboystell I just met my friends *sweet smile*  - yeah rite.
totally just made friends with a hot doctor. maybe this job isn't so bad after all 
@imkokonuts im jusss goin wit a bunch of friends. couple birthdays for aug  and i shuld stop drinking the energy drink though.. its danger
Being sober....with a bunch of not sobers.  I have great friends
@EgyptoKnuckles jus lunch wit sum gurl friends...studyin 4 finals...work...not really 
just recieve the cutest friendster birthday comment from my best friend, @jes1129! love you, girl! miss you! 
Today was so much fun! I love my whitman friends and my dorky family. 
Man I almost tweeted a mental break down!! Lol thank god I have fam and friends that always seem to know what to say @ the perfect time 
@october_sky I always knew you were the best! Congrats dear friends! 
@milaaaaycyrusss chyeahhh u naughty girll...  my friends friend has it :O LOL..
@JudyObscure Some of them yes  Others are for friends &amp; family or me! There is a pair  in the shop at the mo
Me and @giolam are buddies since high school, he's a brilliant and talented multi-faceted biker/lawyer hybrid   #followfriday
@yboey hi yin  worls just got smaller - looks like we have more friends in common  shout out to @vironia
Just got off of work at effing 1 o'clock. With some friends watching a movie now 
at last!.... my cam is fixed!.......... leaving 2morrow with friends and hopefully heading to kartzone, if it stops raining.... 
in watford,waiting for friends  going to get a starbucks while i wait 
my friends are missing..hey guys where are u...i miss you all..im stock here..middle of mountain and sea 
