Most common words for this cluster:
[('fuck', 501), ('life', 43), ('na', 25), ('today', 21), ('work', 19), ('day', 16), ('shit', 16), ('man', 13), ('night', 12), ('school', 11), ('time', 11), ('amp', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Fuck', 0.9999516606330872), (u'F_***', 0.7497524619102478), (u'F_**_k', 0.7494332790374756), (u'F_*_ck', 0.7447072863578796), (u'fuck', 0.7094913125038147), (u'Fucking', 0.6714447736740112), (u'Fuckin', 0.6700187921524048), (u'Shit', 0.6666015386581421), (u'F_ck', 0.6389414072036743), (u'f_*_ck', 0.6386606097221375)]





Fuck la circulation ce mat1 
Fuck. I feel a hell of a lot worse today 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck I got the job that I didn't want and I have to take it 
Fuck i ripped my last pair of jeans 
Leaving for school. Fuck so much to do today... 
Fuck I feel like I could cry right now 
Fuck. I don't want to go to work. I should still be in bed with godsolite. 
Fuck the weather channel. They said it was supposed to rain today. 
@goxxy Fuck! I always wanted to play the fiddle. 
There needs to be better/hotter lingerie for girls with big boobs  Fuck, if I knew how I'd just make them myself.
Fuck! I'm an emo 
Fuck... I think I swear too much. 
Fuck forks! I just chipped a tooth with my hungry ass.  I'm only using plastic utensils from now on 
Fuck fuck fuck this. 
POLITICAL unrest in thailand = brother not going = no car for two weeks for me. Fuck you thailand trannies 
FML. Fuck being awake. Fuck school. Go away everyone 
Fuck fuck fuck 
Fuck! 4 am! I had planned on being in bed at 1, I have no disciple what so ever, someone help me! 
My bed feels amazing right now. I would love to stay here all day. Fuck school.  so sleepy!
Fuck. I knew that if I went to bed before 1am that I would wake up at 3am. I've been trying to get back to sleep for 2 hours now. 
Going to bed. Fuck she's got me worrying about her 
Fuck my foot hurts 
Fuck, been looking for my keys for the last 4 hours to no avail. I don't have a spare car key 
My camera is broken. Fuck my life. 
Fuck, my vaio crashed 
Fuck i wanna chill with someone 
Fuck man chomo is coming on too twitter suppose i cant type about him anymore    Or can I?????????
I have yet to go to sleep! Fuck me I am tired! 
Needs to get the Fuck back on the treadmill.. Actually its start on the treadmill because i never got on there in the first place 
Me and lou are probably on the hitlist for a bunch of drug dealers now. Fuck our lives 
Fuck today 
Fuck you. I hate you.    
 going to lay down. Fuck tonight
Fuck... 
Fuck, fuck, fuck  It's done 
Fuck! I missed the fight b/c I was sleeping like a baby by 5 pm  
I think i am going to start doing my homework now.. Fuck my life 
Fuck me it's cold, and my bus is 24 mins away 
@underadeadsky Fuck did no one like this flick besides my kid? 
Fuck!  Stats is a bitch 
Fucking sleepy at work. Fuck work. I miss jeff and santacruz 
I'm even more kawawa than before   Fuck my life. Seriously. Fuck it.
Fuck my life 
Studying for my biology final is killing me  sleep isn't really an option when this thing is on monday afternoon. Fuck #finals!
Fuck this shit! 
I have a huge headache  so does @brittanyylynne. Fuck our lives 
Fuck my arms feel horrible. It's as if they are about to fall off my body. 
Fuck my bank balances are unavailable 
Fuck you animation shop. 
... I did NOT remember periodicity having this many equations.  Fuck.
Fuck today! What could actually make it better? 
Fuck thursdays. 
@RagingBitch Fuck you Sincho..I don't trust you anymore either. The NoleKAD bond is broken - so thin-skinned; must this day get worse 
Fuck my hip hurts 
I still can't sleep.  Fuck...
Fuck that I just saw a spider...  NOT sleepin in quicksand(my bed) because im petrified/convinced its goin 2kill me.European king 2myself 
Fuck, they turned it over. 
@Robertashley Fuck man! I don't even want to listen to the next one now 
Ugh... I never have the weekend to rest... Fuck my life... 
@tyleem111 longggggggg stupid corny story that I don't even wanna yalk about it. Fuck my life. Tyleeeeee I misssh u and boyfriend! 
@thetrin Fuck, now I'm hungry 
&amp; trolls, dog mugs, vintage sweaters, amazing boots (too small  ) and just so much i can sell. Fuck ya!
Fuck .. 
Fuck it. Should probably get up and sort my life out. This week is going to be tiring but ridiculously productive. Out of snacks though. 
I do not want to be back in school.  Fuck. 
@wisdomismisery Fuck so my grandma has issues she has woken up at 4 am my entire life. 
Fuck my life. I hate today 
Seems like bad weather follows me around.  You know  guess what God.. Fuck you. Fuck you and your fucking click. Gimme sunshine now.
Fuck! just hit my shin really hard on corner of bed frame. it hurt. gonna have a huge bruise/bump and my bridesmaid dress is above knee 
Fuck Terminator was a let-down 
Up at 3 am for the 4th night in a row. Fuck my life.   Giants lost btw... 
Ugh, i think taking my allergy meds made it worse. Fuck this, i feel like i have a friggin cold 
Fuck this dog! 
I'm having hot &amp; cold flashes again!  can't sleep.. Fuck this flu ughhhh
 orientation at 8 in the morning.  Fuck college!
Fuck soooo sunburnt.  ouchies.
@rianepanic are you serious! Fuck what do i do with the stuff? 
Gots to get to bed I have a fucken morning detention tomorrow   Fuck my life!
Fuck! I fell asleep! It's almost one and I HAVE to do this homework! 
Fuck! I'm out of floss 
Fuck i sat on the cat once again 
Fuck me, I want to die. Earlyyyy 
Fuck broke night  work is gonna suck!
Fuck summer school 
Fuck. Fuck. FUCK. 
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuuuck!!! My ears are killing me!!! Maybe I should go to sleep and do that damn master tomorrow... 
@pb_and_jay hi!  Fuck your job!
Finishing the video. Fuck me, it's so long 
Fuck the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!! 
Fuck, I cut my finger! 
Fuck, we have some kind of bugs in our house. And we dont know why or what it is 
I smashed my pinky in julia's car door... Fuck my life... 
Fuck.. my legs are sun burned... 
I got battery acid in an open wound on my index finger  Fuck, it burned so much.
Fuck, now down by 24 with 966 seconds.  It's over 
Lol ok ok dank is NOT the equivalent of drank. Fuck 
Fuck me. I cause too much drama. 
Fuck everything ever about being sunburnt  but i did get to jetski and wreck a jetski today,so i had fun ^.^
I'm hungry for cheese sticks and marinara sauce. Fuck.  #24hourPizzaHutplox
Fuck I think I'm gettin sick...I'm tryin to sike myself out tho... 
Fuck im hungry. Why dont they have oreo shakes  strawberry smoothie i guess
Fuck I don't have sheets for my bed.  
9 months...maybe more, and I still miss him...Fuck! 
I want him baaaackkkkk.  Fuck my life. Why do I throw away the good ones?
Fuck, I've neglected my twitter 
Fuck me it hurts, I'm not sitting in the sun with no cream again  ow ow ow
Fuck 6.00a unless you've been up all night... getting up this early is bullshit 
Fuck I don't wanna work today  shower starbucks bank and work
Fuck fuck fuck 
Fuck, we find out today  I really don't want to know. All my feelings of nervousness are back 
Fuck fuck fuck,basically just in from work,carlo heading out &amp; asked me2come2cus that asshole girl is going!literally20mins2get ready 
Fuck why is god doing this 2 me i dont wanna feel this way.  my life sucks.
Fuck you, youtube! I just fucking owned some cunt with like a 100 word comment and youtube crashed when i clicked 'post'!!! 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck never never i fucking hate my fuckling bitch for a mom fuck i hope no one iz made at me 
I hate that i lost $20. Fuck that. 
Suffering from pms, life, and boy trouble. Fuck me in the ass. lol. 
I never been so bummed like this. Fuck this shit! Is anyone out there for my ass?   
Fuck...my green/mint colred gabardine slacks were eaten by moths or something...they look like swiss cheese 
Fuck missed the first game of the finals tonight! Pittsburgh lost cause I wasnt watching 
Just found out the guy I was crushing on at work is straight... Fuck me (oh wait, he wont  ~S
fuck, my [.] key is starting to die. I guess there are [.]imits to my [.]aughter &amp; [.]ove... [.]e sigh. Fuck 
Fuck! Truck is dead...again! Fuck. 
Fuck.. cheesy ass movie gave me many sleepless nights back in the day. 
Fuck yeah, I'm a guy friend!!! 
This was not a fun night........ Fuck 
Fuck work ahh lebron james  have a nice day!
Fuck my life   http://yfrog.com/0y7wcvj
Fuck how the fuck are we getting in the other room omg this a bad 
Fuck!!! ???????? ?????????!!!   
Tiptop is closed. Fuck me 
I should've brought some oil stocks while it was @ $30. Fuck me for being behind the curve!  
@dakinegirl Fuck! I forgot it was on last night!  I don't know if we recorded it or not.
Fuck it's cold in here 
Fuck this life 
And as usual I'm awake way too late... Fuck me! 
Fuck me work sucks today.. i feel like crap and its hella busy.. i hate stupid people 
I think i feel an anxiety attack coming on. Fuck 
Fuck, i just want to be with my babe 
plus i am dying to go to the bathroom. Fuck working alone. 
Fuck man the drought never ends for fishing this island is barron gotta go big island already! 
Seven Pounds made me cry more than anything else has in 3 years. Fuck, I still can't stop crying 
@ megan. Fuck my life! 
@AngelsMind  *squishes* I'm broody beyond belief after spending the weekend with a baby. A good one at that. Fuck is right.
Fuck this stupid shit, I don't wanna unpack! I need a slave!! I got too much stuff.. 
 I hate muscle spasms. Fuck you spasms!!!!! http://twitpic.com/6e4a7
Fuck my life 
I'm scheduled to enlist on the 8th, the second day for sophomores to enlist. How the shit am I going to get a good sched? Fuck. 
Fuck you twitter....I am not one of my friends-you are screwed up   
I squashed a bug thingy on my desk with my pencil and now my pencil stinks. Fuck my life. 
@DazzleMeThis Fuck! I totally forgot =O I was going to record it too 
Fuck man, I'm so sleepy... getting ready for school. 
Falling apart again  Fuck whats happening?
Fuck today is going to be extra boring i forgot my lap top 
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I left my laptop @ home. Not good. 
A good man and strong alcohol is all that can salvage this day - and that's not going to happen either, apparently. Fuck 
I definately need new headphones. Fuck! 
I broke my wireless adapter. Fuck.. I have to do homework now. 
Fuck my computer and my task not finish 
Fuck, my plan was not as foolproof as i thought. 
Fuck, no chance at all 
Fuck allergies I can't take it anymore!!!!! And my day doesn't end until 830 
Fuck I'm so sickkkkkkkk I don't wanna mooove 
Fuck I wanna change my background but it's not working 
Totally can't walk anymore  really depressed. Fuck everything.
Fuck, my ubertwitter is broken. I can't see replies 
Fuck a min late 
Fuck me i have 6 horny kittens people following!!! 
Fuck fuck fuck dropped my phone on the concrete  fucked the scroll wheel up a bit.
One of my meds went up 3x in cost. Fuck 
Fuck it's hard not to be upset about stupid stuff. I had a five minute cluster-fuck of unfortunate phone calls. 
I almost feel empty again. But not thin.  Fuck my life with a rusty knife.
Fuck tornados we lost three crew members me and peaches are going to the hotel All our crew is dead  were going home in the morning
all these old wrestling vhs'. and i cant find my damn vcr. it probably got thrown out. i also missed J&amp;K8 and Conan. Fuck today 
Fuck my life im tired of everything  just kill me now    this is why i hate myself
Fuck the world its coming to an end! @hom0milk needs his fucking lost in order to survive!  sue me
Fuck my left eye burns and I'm tired  I love u baby !!! I'm goig to bed night! http://tinyurl.com/l7anfx
Fuck stupid boys. Except roper.. Urhhh 
@jedidiahskye Fuck your life. i wanted to see the penthouse 
back to the unemployment queue for me. 8 weeks and counting. Fuck shit and bothersomes.  Why do the nice jobs blow up all the time? 
Fuck....can't sleep 
So much to do today but I cant bring myself to rush anywhere in this sunshine. I just wanna mosey around and look at girls. Fuck revision 
Fuck finals this early and losing my math book. 
Ouch! Fuck! I just cut the hell outta my leg  if it's not a bruise, it's a burn, it's a cut... ClumsyAsh.
Man.. Fuck ucs for now.. I wanna just go to pcc And transferr ! Sheeeeeesh 
 nyc. Fuck I shouldn't be watching movies set in the city
Fuck the hiccups 
Fuck life!  
Fuck, this is so fucked up on so many different levels. I don't know what to do.  I don't think I can do anything at this moment. 
Fuck.!..again?   And wiff her...
Fuck bw I'm starting to realise I'm not seeing coldplay. I have their concert taped but still 
Fuck, hurry up 
@csquaredsmiles obviously I've forgotten where I am! I'll use the pipe cutting thingy. The power saw or whatever. Fuck, I'm messed up. 
Fuck finals!  
Fuck, i am at the point of tears now, I need a rich husband, someone please 
Fuck my life I forgot allergy medicine today. I'm dying! 
I think I'm sick. Fuck. 
Fuck my life, lost my new college house, don't know where i put it but it's gone, sucks to be homeless again 
Fuck. I ate all my oreos 
@mummertre ...your dumb. And I hate you. And its not just blackberrys because I have the updates to come as textmessages. Fuck you 
Fuck, m'n hond is dood 
Fuck. I hate burning the roof of my mouth 
Fuck my life 
Fuck bridge traffic   
Fuck microsoft and their piece of shit xbox! 
@risquethaianna Fuck. I just lost the game 
@TreeinCally Fuck! that's bad!!!! 
@primehex Fuck you I spit chocolate milk everywhere from the there's more than one way to abort a baby thing. 
sat tomorrow.. Fuck my life lol 
Fuck me I did it again.  no more dm's via txt.
Fuck nevermind, 12 was easy. 13 I can't find. I don't remember this being so difficult. I need a gps. 
Fuck I have korean school tomorrow 
Fuck Monopolyyyyyyyyy 
Fuck, I have to work in four hours and I still can't fall asleep 
uh oh, shoulda known that shake would fuck up my stomach. Fuck being lactose intolerant. 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
Fuck my throat hurts!  shoulda went to the doctor!
Fuck driving at 730 in the morning! 
@banksismusic  me too! Is that our jobs??? Fuck!!! it is our jobs! U know the rest!
No cure.  Fuck you very much.
Working since 430 am.  Fuck! 
@nowherepixie Fuck, don't tell me that! Looks like I'm doomed to a life of unsexyness. 
I think someone broke into my car and stole my bag, sunshade and cd's..  Fuck this town.
I've been on my laptop alllll dayyyy longgg. Fuck I need a life. 
Fuck, sourceforge is offline 
@tempertemper Fuck, I just got crossed off your list 
@FreakFlagFlyer I'm so bored of blocking them ywice or more per day ! Fuck them.But they piss me off 
Fuck!!! 
Fuck. I lost my wallet. I'm a dumb mother fucker 
Yay power outage! Fuck 
no internet.  sad face. Fuck you aapt!
Fuck... I'm super confused and drunk. How will i ever find my way home? 
Fuck it sucks backing up 22 gigs of music 
In bed hoping everythings alright... i hate when i get bad feelings like this and i cant get yu. Fuck 
Fuck, lost agin, 5 in a row 
Fuck!!! It's arriving a storm...bye bye beach!!! 
All set up; waiting in the car. Fuck it's early 
Fuck this shit...lemme go back to beddddd 
@SystemStar I'm so so so jealous!! I really wanna go see them but just don't have the cash  Fuck my life.
Fuck! I forgot to say iced... This is depressing 
We're having a sunday roast for tea. Fuck. Fuck! It tastes so good, but it's so fattening! 89 cals in the stuffing alone! 
Fuck you headache, fuck you. 
Fuck..first time i dropped my neqw phone..i was doing good too 
Fuck i dont feel like being here at practice right now! i want bed cable tv soup and tea 
@jenwhyy I caved  you win. I'm glad we didn't bet money... Fuck, actually, did we?
Fuck I have my last final tomorrow and I have a 8pg essay due and some other stuff, I guess I have to be home all day 
@JulieGong Fuck.   lovins so amazing and so for the birds at the very same time.
Fuck the bnp 
Fuck pulver didn't last long... 
'It is the confession, not the priest, that gives us absolution.' Fuck that hits close to home 
Fuck the casino 
Fuck man. I gotta pay for my window replacement... 
@fueledbylyrics Awe! Fuck it's been days 
Fuck. I spent all night editting a video &amp; the program crashed.  I think I'm going to cry....
15 hour work day just done!  Starting at 8am 2moro, a mere 9 hours away. Fuck!
Okok, so I guess it was dumb to turn down a reality show  In retrospect, it would be benefiting of adrians art, not &quot;selling out&quot;. Fuck.
Fuck's sake, our cold water tap keeps going mental! 
Fuck.If i could, I could talk to him and stare into his beautiful green eyes.But he's a pothead and hangs out with the most lamest people 
Fuck wana-b ass ninja emo kid, plz dnt stick me wit him all day 
Fuck! I'm stressed! 
Fuck i busted my hand again 
Boring shit tomorrow , 2 hour exam and i have to be in school by eight! Fuck off !! 
Today was amazing until my mom broke my jet ski......  I just took it in the shop too... Fuck my life.
A fire ant just bit my long toe. Fuck it burnsssss 
Fuck pacsun for not having any smalls in anything  I'm pissed
Fuck! my alarm wasn't set. I feel icky waking up at this time... 
@tricycles Fuck the lack of lupus 
Fuck man im crazy about you 
Fuck traffic 
Fuck not being able to fall asleep 
Fuck I'm sick! I hope it aint the swine flu 
Seriously?  Fuck. 
I'm bored. So tired but can't sleep.  I hate my life. Fuck...
Some shitty Fuck scraped my car 
Fuck blackberry!! 
Fuck, I'm stressing out right now! I have so much shit to do! 
@jauricchio Fuck boston.com for having a non-avoidable iPhone site. I can't visit your link. NBC does it too. 
@wronginsanity m2. Fuck no internet, i wanna play! 
i really need to move from around here, not even 8am and i've heard the word Fuck around 80 times and also all about a gear addiction 
Fuck i'm dumb this sux so bad  why did i have to leave
wow. I legit think people were brought into this world to ruin my life. Fuck you. 
Fuck!!! I really hope that I'm nearing my last night alone...i miss his touch 
usually my obliques look killer! Not lately tho!  Fuck
Fuck I need a job!!!! 
Fuck! It's freezing out! 
http://twitpic.com/7kfln - Fuck you midi cable. Why couldnt you work properly 
Fuck sake man  too many things to do!
Fuck this.  It's a waste of time to care about people who doesn't care about themselves.
Fuck I missed 11:11 
Fuck is yahoo! weather talking abt light rain!? i jus had 2 walk 6 blocks and was fucking drenched 
Fuck *screaming* sudden sharp pains 
Fuck this, it's too warm 
Fuck I'm so tired I'm having a hard time focusing on text, and I have 2 more tasks to complete today 
Fuck, an old man just coughed in my hair! 
Fuck I hate being at the mall with no money 
@dylanhoney Fuck yeah we do. I haven't seen you in ages. 
I just noticed that i have a lot of self-esteem issues and self confidence sort of. Fuck me 
Today was the worst day ever. Fuck being positive for awhile. 
I have an intense urge to bake all night. Cookies, bars, cake, and pies. Fuck, even tarts. But my family is asleep. 
Fuck...my eyes are like piss holes in the snow 
Fuck me i just hit my first ever rabbit omg how sad 
Once again...being gayed all over by mario party 8. Fuck this game 
Fuck apples to apples. No one gets me 
Fuck you school 
Fuck i am going nuts due to this exam 
@sevinnyne6126  because they selfish cowards. Fuck cheating- shouldn't it be out of style anyway?
Fuck I really wanna go to that show 
@JazMc92 Fuck up lol. Just went up to three hours now  Should be deffo finished for me getting up in the morning.
@Brianputz not yet. I am stuck at work without my laptop till 5  how is it so far? Wish AT&amp;T would step the Fuck up and get mms working.
Fuck! I wanna get the iphone update!!! But I'm stock at work till 9 pm!  anyone updated yet?
Fuck! work in less than an hour ugh 
Fuck my brother breaking my car 
Fuck I rly want 2 strap on these rollerskates n go walk my dog but I can't get them dirty till I use them in another photoshoot  boo
@KhloeKardashian Fuck! I'm gonna be there but leaving the 22nd 
I'm extremely disappointed all around. Fuck summer.  I haven't done anything I wanted to do.
Fuck I got the red rings 
Fuck the rain. It has taken away a whole month of summer evenings. 
Fuck storms 
I feel like I have the flu  I think I'll take a muscle relaxer &amp; call it a night... Fuck right after I pay my phone bill I 4got again!!!
Fuck work. I miss everyone 
Fuck. I'm gonna need a new computer. I do not have money for this 
I'm terribly itchy. Fuck pain medication. Fuck wisdom teeth. Fuck saying the word fuck 
Fuck so a car hit me as I was getting out of a drive way and took off my whole bumper off. 
Fuck i swear this bitch makes me feel like crap all time 
Fuck! in 2hrs time I will be in the exam hall sitting textiles exam.  helllllllllllllllllpppppppppppppppppp
Fuck fuck shit dammit! 
Fuck Youtube, Fuck youtube up their stupid white asses. 
Fuck bio. summer school here i come 
running on ONE hour of sleep! Fuck I need a vacation!!!! 
 at work ! Fuck !
Fuck Degrassi, even though it's all I ever watch anymore. 
Fuck this shit! Why are my plans ruined all the time? 
Fuck my gums. And fuck having to fill out paperwork so I can't go to elitch's 
Fuck. I think I've unfollowed him.  
Fuck you Methistos, taking my gold. 
Looks like another friend card in the wallet. Fuck i need a new wallet.... I have to many friend cards 
Fuck the media!! They ruined my favorite family. Bitches. Don't divorce jon&amp;kate!! 
Fuck work! 
@missmaisie Fuck off, I have a maths exam... 
Man I got an unexpected call now gotta do a unplanned presentation for my job now!! Fuck my job!! 
I want june gloom to come back. Fuck the heat 
Fuck my face is swollen... Bad times 
I really fucked up this time. I am a moron. Fuck my life. 
Fuck space mountian for breaking!!!! We were next. . .                
Fuck, how did we get here?  Stupidstupid. I was in such a good mood too.
@_schwa_ I miss u 2. Fuck I think i am going 2 die. Why alcohol why? I thought u were my friend 
In the hospital  Fuck, I'm scared!
165 frames rendered. 25 to go! Fuck me it's like watching paint dry. 
Fuck he dnt got his charger 
Fuck I feel played; I was readin the clock at thr bar an thought I had 15 minutes to work. Turns out it's 15 fast.  fail
@ynnoj me too  Fuck you AT&amp;T
@laz. Fuck. Lets just chill fool. Fuck them lol. They ditched us  especially megan. She busted a shean lol she can ask josh about that ...
Fuck man...get a new tube     that sux
Holy Fuck this is gross.. No ones done dishes for like over a week and theres MOLD on half of it.. Fuck I am going to get so sick  
Fuck! I've had enough of everything i just want to get away! 
Holy shit. It just thundered so loud. Fuck. I think my heart just went through my chest. I was sleeping good too 
Fuck 20 minutes to get ready    X.
Fuck twitterbus.com 
Fuck work. I just wanna sleep 
Fuck this im tired 
Fuck I need sleep 
Fuck. I just wanna sleep, swim practice 
Fuck my life 
Fuck all on tv 
Fuck. I hate paying for gas nowadays. 
Fuck man i just broke andreas life  i suck alot haha shit...
Fuck you, allergies! I can hardly even hear because of you! 
Fuck this. Fuck you. I wanna move home with my Mommy 
Fuck, this battery is dying faster than the hype surrounding Ciara's album 
Fuck! I need my glasses to find my glasses! 
No love recieved from home. Fuck that noise.  makes the invite to move here all the more inviting.
Fuck when i got home from my surgery i passed out and nowr Theres blood all over my pillow 
@chadindrieri took mine an hour later lol surprising. Just finished playing hockey. Fuck me silly I'm so outta shape 
Fuck poles 
Fuck. i just chewed my nail off!! They were long too! 
Fuck fuck another death in the fam  I feel like shit
Fuck, i just fell at work. 
Fuck why did i wake up right now 
Working!!! Fuck... 
My mother informed me her goal this year is to &quot;make me looks sexy&quot; ... Fuck my life. 
Fuck it`s raining 
Fuck, up early, need to head to campus, I hate working on the weekends! 
Fuck this weather 
Tired as Fuck 
arrrr buffet! Fuck ima be fat when I get back  vegas = obesity
Fuck fuck fuck. Today is not going good so far. I hope that isn't foreshadowing something 
Fuck!!!! I need to pack 
What the Fuck @ a 49 buck paycheck. 
Fuck. Nevermind then  It was gonna be a henna one
@mittense Fuck that level! I really wanted to like that game but I have had to retry that level about 10 times now. It's just not fun. 
http://twitpic.com/7xj4e - Fuck bingo! im terrible at it 
Fuck . . . A force out? We aren't starting this again, are we? 
Fuck this, I'm restoring, really disappointed with the results 
Fuck my life. I pay for parking, and i get here, and they send me home because of how sick i am  sad times...
Fuck me sideways. I want to amputate my leg 
Fuck traffic 
@isthatcherdead Fuck 
Someone fucking opened my barn gate and took all my pigs. Fuck my life 
Fuck...i miss him already 
This is why i never keep a relationship for long  i always Fuck up somehow.
Fuck work right now I wish I was at the drive in right now      second time missing out on that
Fuck you jeff weaver your killing the dodgers-  we got the wrong weaver bro 
Fuck  feeling a bit numb now.
Fuck you taco bell for getting rid of the spicy chicken burrito 
Fuck work i wanna party 
Fuck this fucking headache. 
3 more hrs and I'm done work! Fuck tonight is going by more slow then other nites. I guess its cause I really wish I was partying tonite 
Fuck I do not wanna work 
Aww lui's windows just got broken! Fuck! Stupid parties! Fuck! This is fucked up shit 
Fuck , i lost my phone   and my sd memory card , SHIT ! (
Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck  still missing. Coming home tonight and doesn't even bother me ugh
Fuck slept to hard thank these nigs left me by myself 
Fuck fathers day  i wish my dad was here!!!
@elizabethl_ LOL aww i wish my dad would disappear like that.  tomyfather : Fuck you father and happy fat hers day to you.
Fuck.. I really should try harder to stay sober 
Fuck only have 25 minutes left of lunch and I'm still at the restaurant waiting  grr! I even called ahead of time!
Fuck beans there's a lot of traffic in hollywood today 
Fuck, today was wasteful i havent even picked up my guitar, 
Fuck having to work and not seeing jon and kate !  lol 94.7 is playing backstreet boys.
Fuck... I  just burned my mouth with this hot tea  No Bueno
i'm so sore, law out a bit longer than expected and had a really vivid dream that i was in borders and not at wee jeanie's flat. Fuck me! 
Fuck you junk food! You're fucking up my face 
Fuck my fucking life. another blown tire. because i couldn't already not afford to fix my A/C anyway. not to mention my poor white shorts 
Fuck! I burned my thumb, 
Right ear is being such a bitch! Fuck! 
@jeremysaffer Fuck youuuu 
Fuck my computer. It no longer has internet for no explanable reason.. 
Fuck my life 
Lalo i miss you.  i thought i dint but i really do! Fuck 
y r women so fuccin dumb?????....homebound, snugglin' wit my build-a-bear.  Fuck 'em girl, fuck 'em!
I feel awful.  stupid migrane. Fuck you.
@chiquitaaa the internert isn't working @ all even on hotle comp! Fuck I'm sorry wirless is down  we talk on here if u want
Fuck not being tired. I wanna sleep. But i cant. 
Fuck everclear woke up with the worst stomach ache of my life  anyone have a quick fix?!
Fuck! This is so not what I needed this morning 
Only 25 more days! Fuck yeah 
its a perfect night to Fuck next to a bonfire  wish i was  Hearts &amp; stars
What do i want? To drink and fight!! What else...to Fuck all night  love ya becky.
@georgia_a_c Fuck you Georgia! Fuck you!! 
Fuck shit, I need to do my project; 420 tomorrow! YES! 
Fuck, I haven't been up this early since I finished with school, and I don't plan on staying up either, back to bed 
@ThisIsRobThomas This is one of the reason i just love you!!!  Fuck em  
Another sunny day. Today I won't do anything, just relax.... Actually I have an essay to write but... Fuck that shit! 
Fuck you matt 
My goodness! I go single and shit goes crazy! Haha. Fuck this. I like being single too much. I do what I want...holla! 
@ericludzenski Fuck you 
@IAmSparkB LOL... 4real. Fuck em. U betta 0ff jus r0llin y0u up a blunt 
Fuck yeah.  http://twitter.com/chuckpalahniuk/status/1818215568
Just got done moving to the new home. Fuck I'm worn out! Now we are eating at pappasitos! Fuck yeah Lakers won! Fuckn right! 
HAHA, Fuck yeah! This is gonna be fun! 
I dont give a Fuck 
@sunkissd he's pretty!! Fuck that! 
Fuck you too 
