Most common words for this cluster:
[('fuck', 185), ('shit', 149), ('sucks', 75), ('fucking', 68), ('screw', 54), ('shut', 44), ('quot', 32), ('fuckin', 30), ('suck', 29), ('day', 23), ('today', 20), ('time', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Fuck', 0.9299521446228027), (u'Shit', 0.8120350241661072), (u'Fucking', 0.810521125793457), (u'Fuckin', 0.7759770750999451), (u'F_*_ck', 0.7620530724525452), (u'F_**_k', 0.7380431890487671), (u'Fucked', 0.7339664697647095), (u'F_*_cking', 0.7333437204360962), (u'fuck', 0.7265333533287048), (u'N_*_gga', 0.721865713596344)]





my facebook is Fucked. 
@Ollien33 and @carousella - I can't    I have another doctors appointment at 9 and another one at 11. Sucks.
Fuck you Channel 7 and iQ for the damn show running over time and me not getting to see the reunions 
I wish I had a tour manager to sort out my travel stuff. And someone to pay for it all too. Sucks to empty the savings  
@josesosa Shit man, they closed your birthday thread 
@fictilliius Shut up. 
@AlyxLloyd Sucks we didnt hang out yesterday 
I sure as hell do not care about special relativity. Screw modern physics. I miss biology class 
@Gailporter Shit, sorry to hear it 
Shut down by the cops! 
... July when term is over. Everything is up in the air and I can't tell you how pleased I am with all that. Fucking pleased. 
Suck at love 
@nelpix yea I hate their supporters!! Sucks donkey balls we lost!! 
Shitshitshitshitshitshitshit. Goddamn Ipshit. 
Fuckin midterms 
Tiiiiired. Sucks 
Ugh. Fucking nightmare just now. It was so friggin scary  its horrible what a mind can dream up.
 didn't go out last night I fell asleep .... I Suck (not literally)
Is mad that she woke up for her 7:30 class only to be too late to attend. Shit i need more sleep. 
@rjheywood :O Shit 
@thejessicadrake They cancelled on u? WTF! Screw their damn movie then. I hop it bombs horribly &amp; makes no money! Not cool of them at all 
My night started out so much fun.. ended in a frantic call to Go &amp; Hil, followed by a stealth rescue. Guys in Iowa are weird, dude. Fuck. 
Fuck you mister migraine, go away... Far far away 
Fucked up the whole day like always 
Why is the womens bathroom floor ALWAYS wet? Fucking gross 
@miked1541 yeah, saw the drizzle - that's all it was. Sucks about the outage and being on call. 
Austin air smells really good tonight.. Fuck I love this place.. 
Jayden is so bummed about not being able to play in his game tomorrow  Fuck I hate illnesses 
Fuckin bored 
I've never been sooo PISSED OFF in my entire life! Shit just kept happening YDAY! 
Fuck DUIs. DHA&gt; drivin half asleep is not worth damages! 
Soccer game cancelled! That Sucks! 
eatin three eggs. No ketchup!  i con't eat eggs without ketchup. Fuck. Toast soon.
Screw my phone...no signal  boo.. :'(
feels like im coming down with the flu!!!! Shit !!!! 
Almost 8am.. Just about to sleep! Fucking stomach ache 
In Fiction was one of the best Fucking  concerts i've been to in the history of ever ever land....       I'm going to miss you boys 
@Dannymcfly Fucking Sucks about Hatton losing huh? Was a strong start then i just don't know what went wrong 
@lucy Uggh.... Shit. 
@_micahlyn FML? Fuck My Life? Cause if that is what it means... *hugs* 
Fuck off, Rafa.  Broken serving for the set?
The Bulls lost?!  Fuck basketball now 
@susanbaze mother... Suck it!  I haven't done nething with my jaw 
Fucked up my leg playing softball! owwwwwwww.... 
Just found out politics isn't due til the exam. Screw working on that, paying attention to litrad now! I'm so boring 
Pretty sure I'm sick...or dying.    This no-clutter policy for the new apt isn't working out so well either.  Shit be evvverywhere.
@lzne me too  and the rest of the crew also. Shit, school tomorrow.
Blergh.. Shit day. Shit people. Shit food. Stuck inside the shit office and didn't even go outside all day 
Goddamn my back hurts this morning. 
http://twitpic.com/4jciy - Bastards got me 
doesn't know if I'm hungover or still drunk  Fucking hell...
Worst night sleep ever. I felt like I wasn't even sleeping. And my neck is killing me.  Fuck class. I don't want to get the swine.
omg.  i was straightening my hair and i pinched it on my ear.  it Fucking hurts!  ow!  
My knees hurt!!!!  am I turning in to am old lady at 25.. Fuck!!!! Like over fuck.. Lmao
Screw 31st ave   gonna go chill on cody's porch!
Wow i just swallowed my gum. Shit still had flavor 
&quot;The system is wrong, and should be changed. But I didn't do anything wrong, because I complied with the system.&quot; Goddamn it, MPs 
Fuck yes, got my Last.fm working again! Pretty sure I missed out on multiple thousands of plays while it was down though 
the life of a theatre techy/hard worker at a gas station. No real chance to see mum on mums day. Suck 
@chillumdog  That's really sad. Spose it fits with your neighbour seeing you as &quot;the foreign woman&quot; without a man in the house. Pathetic.
@rulerbreaker Sux0rs to be you  I'm just having coffee now too, if that helps (and I shouldn't...)
I want Rammstein to hurry up with this album and tour already  and why the hell do CKY only do London? Its sells out in like a week. Fuck.
Pharrel got hi tattoos removed. Fuck. Him. I no longer am in love with him. Poof. 
This is my disappointment face  Screw this, next time I'm going to Weinershniztel! maybe I'm not in the right state-of mind for a hot dog
4 hours to go. Fuck. I'm actually fearing my life right now. Just saw Ryan's tweet. Argh 
I was a grandma tonight, went to bed early and now I wish I woulda gone out... Sucks!  
Shut shot shit. Maths tomorrow  !
Goddamn this clogged and swollen pore on my buttock. 
@aleksdiscodust @foamo been there  It's painful!! Fuckin' samples :\
Steel Train tour dates are up but none in Texas right now  Fuck
FUCK!!!! Size? online, had the Air Yeezy's in but i'm too late. Fuck, fuck, fuck  http://tinyurl.com/r8feuz
Great! Stuck just where I don't want to be  Fuck the rain!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuckin tangerine tree, scrapped the shit outta meee 
Shit forgot 2 go 2 the store 4 brkfst 2moro 
My neck is really fuckin sunburnt! Shit it's gonna be horrible tomo  Redneck D x
MAN i Fucking lost my ipod 
Re: Fuck you, Cartoon Network.: Boomerang doesn't come in the basic cable pack  thats all I get. http://tinyurl.com/pktwka
Why couldnt I get the fileden url for &quot;I'm The Shit&quot;.  The song's dopish, I wanna upload itt. 
Going clean for 3 months.... Fuck no more EDC  fuck u city center I swear I better get it
@KrisKay_ I know I'm going next year . Sux that u work 
@fullerc boo cough  no ren fair for you either? Suck  I hope you feel better, call if you need anything ok? (medicine, tea, more beer..)
Shut up you guys. I love you guys but your confusing me. 
(@jayxskank) Shut up you guys. I love you guys but your confusing me. 
@tsuyoto Sucks tho 'cause he's the only bidder. 
Screw you, #earthquake! I'm not good enough for your uppity ass? 
Fuckin earthquake fucked shit up in my house 
Fuck Cambridge and fuck having no income 
@NykoleMazzola im working tonight 10pm till 7am  infact im workin that for next 7 days. Sux ayy??
Shit, I'm actually going to have to study.  
going to work, a meeting , but my back is killin my...  Fucking hell.. But.. when i think of you ... ;-)
Eww im awake before the sun. Screw 7am finals  when
Fuck u west test... But at least its over.. For today. Shit 
Shut your face darren!  yes I did
@mrtomasz Shut up! 
@pfig Shit! I can't get past 83 
@he_loves_me aww yeah I got into an accident on my way to the club  and they took off!! Fuckin bitch!! Lol
@ALLCITYNZ Fuck up Cunt.  lol
@rk295 Fucking hell mate, that properly sucks 
Shit I really feel like getting the orange one!! But they do not have the small one  
@Plushe Fucking hell, I thought my country was supposed to be more tollerant, and I have to put up with pricks like this still 
Frozen yoghurt remained awesome until I started to feel sick. Fucking dairy  I will never learn.
@Shinybiscuit Not Shinycunt then? I'll be disappointed if you go for Bastard over Cunt 
's partner is sick with the flu. Suck. 
Ellen Allien is injured. She's not playing. Fuck. 
@KameronElaine That Sucks 
@Mhall214 allison&lt;-&gt; kay&lt;-&gt; paul &quot;&lt;-&gt; stands for liking&quot; but yeah paul and allison Fucked  smh
I can't finish my e-learning. Shit hole lah! 
Shittt. Fucking ankle, get better!  I wanna play soccer again  
@xragon Asshole, rubbing it in that you finish early 
@AmaniBoo it was fa ma class and dhis kid (Hater) walked by it and bumped it and it dropped  so i didn't get too take a picture !
Screw you @davidbrussee! I only have 3 weeks... 
if one people did any wrong, the world blames all the people over there, this is the great world which we are living in!  Shit!
Headache of the century coming- I can feel it  Fuck.
@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks don't it
@Lmhustle4life Shit none. But yea last weekend was crazy, i think i partied to hard, thats why im sic. 
Screw it goin back to bed,,ill just go tomorrow ,,,,,kinda sad 
thanks iPhone, you kept me up till 1 am. Asshole. 
http://twitpic.com/66xjl - An hour in the sun turned me into a blancmange. Sucks to be pale 
Not a bad back 43. Piss poor front tho. 90 still unbroken 
I just vacuumed my entire house three times. Screw all vacuums!! 
Screw you guys and your prom pictures 
Its Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww 
@Audioprincess  Ah bad times   I hate exams. I feel so unprepared this time as well. Sucks haha.
Goddamn bloody stress and shit sending my body haywire 
I just got really paranoid for a second.  Shit I hope I'm wrong.
The episode of that 70s show that hw watching is making me kind me depressed. Class day was today. What am i doing with my life? Fuck. 
Fuck the Green button. 
Fuck clothes. I want to be back at Flipside. 
Sucks, don't feel good 
@You_Effing_Suck awww 
@CrissyLavera Suck my dick 
Screw it, I'm going to bed sad 
Fuck. Worst dream ever. Dream hangover. 
Oh man sleep time  Fucking I hate my life, and some desicions...
@MissCindyBaby Sucks ass 
it is UNREAL that were out! it won't hit till summer is over prolly.  Fuck. Playin ufc may cook some eggs before bed.
Ugh Haters 
Why am i so wide awake sitting here by myself! Shit i need to be sleep 
Shut up bad thoughts. I won't let you win 
(@ryanmcflyyy) Shut up bad thoughts. I won't let you win 
@WineDog I've got 55 minutes before they open.  Fucking weekend hours.
Slept over at the house where I babysat.  The girls wouldn't leave me alone...so YAY 5 hours of sleep.  Fuck this sucks.  
@zamare Wow. Sucks. 
I feel like crap this morning...  I feel like I have a hang-over but I didn't even drink anything. Sux!
Suck..my princess has a fever..  And today is all-stars try outs.. 
Screw saturday schools! 
@AlanCarr Shit, I wanted that exercise video 
Screw it, I'll just order online &amp; wait 
http://twitpic.com/69jy5 - Goddamn I love this truck. No balls this time though, sorry 
Workin till 6pm. Fuck I'm tired 
Fuck! Blink 182 tickets for verizon wireless amphitheater sold out! 
Shut up 
Woo it's beautiful out and I have to do work. Fuckin lame. 
@ElyssaD Missed the link.  I am an insurance regulator. I get to &quot;Fuck&quot; them often...;) lol
Fuck my life. I don't have the Internet on my phone what with using Egyptian servers. Looks like nothing from me for two weeks 
@Ocnarf10 I'm mad fucking load of piss!!! Pissing me off!! I'm not happy 
@yaboiwill LOL! Shut up. that is sooo in da past. I said soweey. 
@allysheehan Shit is it cold? I have tennis 
Nokogiri gem is the nightmare on windows and Ruby 1.9.1  Fuck, I need use webrat!!
@_micster Shut up! 
last fight before i have to retire!  i didn't win the championship! Fucking Rashad evans. 
Not a happy camper! Pulled my groin and hamstring.. dancing. Shit sucks. Hurts worse than when I had knee surgery. 
Since when does forrest city card at the door?! Pissed off i drove an hour for nothing.  going home. 
Goddamn i hit my knee so hard on the practice floor today  right on top of the bruise that was already there
Fuck. Someone on the next table is wearing Georgio perfume I think. Ruining the taste of my food and wine 
Just got in from an exhausting day! I still want to party though! Fucked up people killed my day 
@ZanSham Shut up zander! lol no it seriously is killing me! 
Fuckin work  I need a beer
Already last call?. Fucking Connecticut. Party was just getting started. 
Screw bronchitis keeping me home on a saturday night 
I feel like Shit. Like someone punched me all over my body and banged my head againist a brick wall. 
...guess not.  No one loves me 2nite. Fucking Fops.
At a party. Sucks. 
heard bad news for a friend's child. Shit... 
I just came to the sinking realization that I'll have to wake up at 7:30am every weekday for the next 5 weeks at least. ...Shit. 
@Teanah Sucks! 
Goddamn my computer is shit sometimes, it's been starting up for 20 minutes now, it's running like shit 
thinks parting is such sorrow. Screw the sweet part. 
@iamtheemBL you?  Shit what about me10 day striaght 100 to go 
@botld92z  Shut your pie hole 
What a life.............. Shit sucks. 
@KCFCGermany Bastards! 
Fuck winter  But glad it's Mili winter for me this year, not Melbourne winter. Brrrr.
eating chips and dip. Watchin tv. Wish i had more channels! Fuck. My life would be better. 
Fuck my life. Everyone hates me. Deleting this Shit 
I can't believe I am still awake. This Sucks. I can't sleep. 
oh Shit.. I got to travel tonight and lots of work to finish now. Bloody rain handicapped me.. 
Screw u restaurants that doesn't take credit card! 
Doing my essays on summer. Sux 
@xhellixx  Sucks doesn't it!
@smoness Shit, you sent it?  I never got it...  
@AlexiaMac Shit 
is sat in sophies garden. Last day today,  Fucking amazing weekend.
Doctors was full, but got an appointment with the nurse instead. At 7.00pm. Fuck no!!!! I'll miss the MS conference. 
Shit... Power cut 
@BrittGoosie naaaaw.Sucks that it's raining 
 .....Mondays Suck....
Fml. I look like Shit 
Fuck. Sometimes, i hate my height! Hit my head in the bus again! Ow! 
Shit i forgot to shave ...... 
Aghhhh holiday but still got extra classes this whole week. Shit 
Going to study!!!! Suck!!! 
@ciaraof Sucks for the families in the cars but double yellows are double yellows. 
@godisvoid  thats so sad!! I'm sorry to hear that! Fucking government
Screw that, i need to record my music coursework 
Screw work 
@guitargirl08 That Sucks 
Fuck Email Class 
Wow... I've givin up on alot of people.  Fuck...sorry. I need...erm...yea. Figure it out.
Still Fucking here  can i be done
Shit now I missed ME 2 
don't u think it's time to put the free-masons out of power? They protected the corrupt ones They sent us into Poverty! Fuck the masons! 
@Stonezoneshow no i missed it  i'm sure it had ot be funny though. Fuckin preteens man.
@Jenholl1 for the most part. Now I just gotta figure out the other days  Fucking twitter
@ladybolan god you too?? I've completed cooked myself. I was just so busy out in the garden I didn't feel it at the time. Fucking hurts 
Fuck, C on my World Hist. exam.. That leaves me to a fcken' B for the semester  GREAT ! &gt;:/
Aaw, thank u very much @onastysainto &amp; @radenprisya .Shit happens last night,temen tiba2 bilang sesuatu yang bikin sedih 
Howz all the rain this morning.. Fuck i got drenched 
Shut up i have those valley center girls. 
@letme_b yup, I could use a break. I know you could too. Sucks I only get one week vacation a year. 
@GamerManiac512 it would appear so. And I never even exploited. Sucks, cause I saved up about 30m 
@janinebonilla All my live I wanted to long hair for me... But, it is not comes to me. Fuckin hair not happen a healthy. 
Fuck... listening to &quot;Imagine&quot; makes me really sad... 
@smileymouse Fucking comcast ruining my day 
Cant watch Conan because I forgot we have no cable. Fuck! No tonight show for me. 
Finally, off to bed for the first night in the new apt. Sux that I have to be up at 5a for work 
Fuckin' inventory....it breaks my back 
So sad that i am broke and everything is going on sale. Shit i am becoming a shopaholic. Why can't i shit money? 
On my way home from the gym. Fucking rain 
There's a very fine line between boredom n insanity..n i've Jst crossed it. Fuckin power cuts. 
Ultimate cba with life today. Fuck responsibility. 
Bad things happen a lot today.. Screw me 
Too many meetings today at 3 different locations. Shit 
Today was a exam of Russian language. I felt and now feeling not well. Fuck all. 
Gah... Started coughing :/ Fuck off sickness 
I need to stop eating fast food at night..I swear I conjured up a demon in the restoom this morning..  FMT=Fuck My Toilet
Oh Holy Shit,..... its so hot right now.  I'm melting  
@petit_elefant Shut up! I need a mani desperately. I've had same polish on for 2 months &amp; it's chipping bad!  #gno #music4good
Is on her way to work. Ew. Fucking rain 
Fuck this Shit! 2 days till prague and I'm feeling a bit sick 
Shit it's raining really hard 
Fuck my life. Text me please. I'm bored and stuck on the side of the highway... 
Shit with dis! I go to bed at what 6 &amp; put alarm to wake up at 9. i wake up at 9 but then fall asleep again and wake at 1pm buhuu. Sucks 
Libraries Suck Ass 
@MsLafay no I was baaad I had a greasy ass spicy chx from jack in da crack. Sux cuz I ate good aLL day! What a waste 
@grentone Thank you. Must be me. Darn.  I'll have to try &quot;Shut down - restart&quot;  Hate to miss anything while I do it.  
@lisafocat Haha oh shush miss fine art :p I draw clothes, not faces. Except, I need to. Fucking portfolio 
@zola237 Ugh  Sucks! I hope you get better soon!
Just yelled &quot;Goddamn, I hate this mother fucking son of a bitch!&quot; And I meant it. 
@Ddaaiissiiee Fuck you Daisy &gt;:O i wanna get it so bad 
Screw the traffic 
The problem with dual LEDs phones is that you gotta hold your hand rock steady. Shit, it makes me miss my n 82 so badly 
Fuck no Bayside. 
Final episode of Grey's Anatomy Season 2:  Fuck you for giving me swollen, red eyes, a blocked nose and a traumatized mother. 
Confession: i smoke weed again. Niggas be stressed yah girl 
@donhalejr lmao! And cryin my ass off!!! Fuck! I wont b happy whn it disappears  soooo sad. Looming doom! Aghhhhh waaaaaH! 
I just got stung by the police. Fucking gas station job. Now i have to go to court. 
Between a rock and a hard place about tonight. Blah. Fuck it. Imma just go to sleep. He's going to be gone until tomorrow night. 
Blue plum with best friends. Fuck everyone thats fake and has forgot about  about me 
Day Fucking 14. Soooo annoyed 
Fuck me and my drinkin habits. Nouf said. 
Fuckin bored ugghhhh that's fucked up I wanted to watch hangover even though I already saw it  stupid @Seaneezy08
Screw finals! 
I'm standing on the airport runway. Freaking out! I'm no happy 
@Maccah Shit. 
So Fucking tired 
@_micster Shut up 
@chichiri okay I think, I only needed a pass to get a credit for the subject, so fingers crossed! Fucked up the question worth 40% tho 
...I'm hungover. Shit.  And there's a wedding today.       lord, gimme strength.
@pigtailparades stop smiling to yourself, srsly!! Freaking me out  - http://tweet.sg
 This truly is annoying! I go online at 9:58pm and he has to leave for class at 10pm (10pm our time, 10am his) Sucks lorrrrrrxsz!!!!!
 This truly is annoying! I get online at 9:58pm and he has to leave for class at 10pm (10pm our time, 10am his) Sucks lorrrrrrxsz!!!!!
@maaarty Shut upp. ( It is one of my stupid moments. 
Why would you leave your dog outside alone so it can run away because you don't want it? Freaking barbaric people. 
Shit, artikel rejected 
Asshole just went thru wooley edge and no stop  fffuuuuuuuu
Fuck! Things have just very complicated  I'm so confused
Fuckin rain just killed mi nets  i was on a download spree
Officially i have no batery! Shit!!! 
So, in 20 min. I'll be home alone w/ no vehicle. Suck. I wanted to go to the outlet mall. 
Screw you greektown because you are not built on an indian reservation which means no gambling for me. 
@wilshipley How true. No smoking in any public place should include outside.  Sux to hold your breath &amp; walk thru a cloud to go in places 
@masqueradelife haha fair enough. It all Sucks  tho  haha
Watching MySpacEscobar try and come back... Suck with only one eye   http://yfrog.com/0y5gyj
Fucked up dinner.  the peanut noodles are way too spicy. Another failure.
Fuck fuck fuck . Sucking @ life atm .  @nadinecheri @lindseyislegit .
I am feeling dejected on so many levels.  Asshole stands me up for someone &quot;fun&quot; and my twitter account is only worth $2 
Living on my own in 21 days!  In suchhh a party mood. too bad I can't go out. Sucks. 
@melleboo1 Shit Sucks 4 You 
@asexiness Sucks indeed. 
I dnt feel good! Fuck the whole Buffalo scene 2night! I'm goin 2 bed. 
@woeisthespider Fuck you, man. You've got me so goddamn addicted to Say Anything 
Shut up! @JessiDavis_ I wanna see hangover! 
Fuck it! I guess it Hulu 2nite 
I want my tattoo, and dreads, and lip piercing. Now.  Screw the &quot;under my roof under my rules&quot; law made by mothers everywhere.
@chelseanico hope you feel better  I had a bad anxiety attack a few weeks ago. Sucks.
@You_Effing_Suck awwww... so it's sad 
Could it truly be butterflies? I feel like I am five, lol. I think I am getting ahead of myself. We barely talk. Screw being so shy. 
Forget the mall i think im sick.  uhg i need to buy jeans and a dress. Fucking water boil already
Finally on the damn plane. Fucked over by the exit door  not as much leg room.
Is always working. Sucks nuts 
Spent almost like a million Rp. just for tonight  Fuck! This is too much! Quit spending money, self!!
The bone fragment embedded in the cartilage in my knee has palpably shifted from overuse and hurts so much more now. Fucking hell 
Feel Like Shit!! 
@Richardcoote ahhhhh! Screw the petrol gods. I wanna seeeeee yoooooooou 
Not my day today. Somewhere between caught a cold/having another panic attack. Fuck. 
Fuck Mr Pizza! Not having anything from there ever again! Feel sorry for the loo 
@Lewislewisj Shit time?   
Goddamn work... 
Cramping  Sux bein a girl sumtimes!
I just got called for a babysitting job in an hour. The best part? I have homework!! Shit 
@hayles you get fatigue from pox? I had something like glandular fever few years ago and I still get sympoms when I'm run down. Sucks 
@lindsayrcg Shit, I just found a bug in my program 
Fuckin A I wanna cry 
Fuckin clouds ruining my beach day 
Bullshit 
Just woke my game up had a long night. Wowwwwwww. I wish I could turn back the hands of time. Shit jus ain't right 
Shit.. I just woke up  I just had a horrible nightmareee 
Gossssssssssh power cut at this time   no i dont want to leave twitter right now ......... Shit its going off after making me HORNY :|
Work. Lame. Wanted to do the skate comp. $500 for first. Jacob said there is nobody good there. Fuck. 
Suck a tacky advert!  I'll be suprised if she wins with that - totally gutted about the last episode 
Asshole @y0uzaDUMMY left me and the kids 
@MixedBeauty09 Shit man i love everything....except italian  not a fan of that
Fuck. Margaret is leaving The Apprentice. Typical. I write a new gag &amp; an existing one is rendered useless 
Fuck sake, I would have sworn it was Sree, now Beinazir will go 
Crying and Pissed off with my stupid fucked up brother who thinks it's ok to punch me, think he may have chipped a bone or broken it 
(@dory87) Shut up manq 
Shut up monkey, I just lost 260$ 
Fuck, someone told me about a BlackBerry app that I really liked, but it was beta. I forget what it was 
Holy Shit i just ran over a rabbit 
akh! Shit! I hate all of senior in my school! You're OX! 
@sbq05 try resizing it with a photo program on your pc.. Sucks you have to go back to work 
@mattpro13 Shit, I dont. I work almost all next week 
Fuckin' A, I missed it!! 1001 unread emails in my inbox 
@StringBean86 Shit dude, that blows goats. 
Seriously... Fuckin seriously...  soooo my luck... 
@caityyT  Me too!  Freaking spammers!!
On a serious note, #iranelection. Shit like this is insane, esp. cuz what can you or I do about it? 
Fucked up again  
Nearly 4am and the power goes out... Sucks not being able to breathe at night without power. 
Fuck. After oversleeping big time!!! Block class in 12mins. 
@altruismandme Shit. you win at living 
Feeling. Like. Shit. 
Bad Dreams Suck 
@rebekahnew  I know the feeling. Sucks.
I am making myself aware of factors that cause changes in suppply and demand. Fuck off  YUM TEA!
I am making myself aware of factors that cause changes in supply and demand. Fuck off  YUM TEA!
Yaaaay $2 tip today!r Whooo first one ever! Fuck 
Tweets from Iranian protestors are breaking my heart  Fuck off, Ahmedinnerjacket.
Crying  Shit day so far
Fuckin worthlesses! They find out that Deathstars sound too extremely in the office so I have to listen to them  with my personal mp3 
Fuckin sick!!!  ughhh...damn what a bad hit @ such bad timing ...class
coworker back from vacation and still has swollen cheeks from wisdom tooth removal.  Sux!
I just lost a #geocache to the cops, and they haven't even given me a case number.    Piss me off!
@michelle182 LOL they don't take themselves seriously, not even musically anymore. Sucks 
@SoulSwitchNic Sucks dude   Is anyone else coming up?
Rasins Suck 
So many things to buy, so little money..... Screw expensive transport costs  moneygrubbing companies - http://tweet.sg
@purplehayz Fucking lame...   I might have to look into another program. 
@ThisisDavina Pissing it down and no live feed 
Urrghhh. The indoor bbq was nice, but I'm feeling a bit full. Shit, I'm nervous about tomorrow... 
Shut up, stomach! 
@Mousti_Man Fuck, cock, shit, bollocks! Forgot about the song! I'm even listening to it right now 
... and I am not willing to start with the second because I know they were breaking up. Screw you. 
 I want to go on facebook. I can feel the notifications piling up. I don't like it. Shit.
Cramps at work. Suck ass 
My car is dead!  Having a car was very short-lived. Fuck!
Fuck, (re)fuck et (mega)fuck  Supermega FAIL pour ma pomme 
I'm so Fucking sad my phone broke  i lost all my pictures of winkys trip and ducknut 
My therapist broke her arm... well, her wrist. Shit. I feel so bad for her. (And I'm sure gonna miss her in the morning.) 
Can't get to sleep!!!  Fuck!! Irritating fam talked so loudly !?! ~~ Thought of other stuffs after :'( pissed off !
I saw him today... He looked at me... What does he wants? I should be mad at him but he is mad at me... Fuck his pride... Idk anymore... 
Shut my finger in a door 
Shit, I never see peace spiritual... 
@mrzhollywood: I'm mad. Niggas stay dissin my thunder 
@timaroo Screw that. You have a sick friend who is lonely.  lol
11:11 make a wish! Screw wishes 
Shit, I overslept 
I'm grounded. I guess that's a sign that my parents want me to get a job. Sucks though, i was making an awesome skin on Furcadia 
Fuck off Hayfever  I hate you!
This poor kitty  He's Fucked up.
@LmofuknC eeeekkk! Its been that long since we graduated? Fuck!!!! I feel sad now! Thanks for mentioning that, Leo! 
Fuckin amelia and her cats making me sneeze all over the place and itch to 
Fuck you Tobback for changing the car(e)free sunday into a light version   http://bit.ly/FBP7M
Fuck you Tobback for changing the car(e)free sunday into a light version  http://bit.ly/FBP7M    &lt;= sorry, Dutch only. #Leuven
@zeraa Ya I'm working at WarpedTour. Sucks you can't go 
Fuckin insomnia... y can't I sleeeeppp? 
Sucks when you remember all the examples of why you're suitable when it's too late 
How in the world did I manage to 4get my headphones. Sucks major ballz 
K... I should sleep now... Shit, Chels is taking up the whole bed!  ill sleep on her, then. ;)
Fuck not even being able to afford to go to college! Argh. I have such a headache and loads of work to do 
@cpuclub what the hell mike died???? Fuck man I always played for that guy in denver. Such a generous and kind dude. Rip 
Awake. sooooo tired cuz I was up all night. Fuck not being able to sleep 
Twitter banned all my &quot;Britney Fuck Vids&quot; accounts. Back to 167 followers 
@GirlInTheATL Shut up meanie 
Staring at the map doesn't make the route change  Goddamn this ridiculous, retarded job.
@Glinner Died on his 41st birthday. Shit, I'm 41 
311 is in town tonight...too bad I don't get to see them.  Sucks not having enough money.
Meh. Fuck twitterrific for not being fixed yet. Fo srsly. 
Sucks at analyzing rocks   #archaeology
Apart from in the taxi back we hit a deer. Fucking balled my eyes out 
Again: Fucking martes &gt;&lt; 
Fuck my life! Traffic is a bitch, its gonna take me nearly an hour to get home 
Why does stuff like this happen to me?  ick. Shit like This is a big part of why I give up on mens.
 This year it won't have arena football games. Nooo! Shit! But, everybody knows that this year Philadelphia Soul would be champions again!
Wow ummm..... trying not to care but i do....why? ughhh Whatever Fuck it. I dont care anymore.......i think 
I want a sandwich! Sucks I can't have one this late cause then I'll have nightmares 
@You_Effing_Suck np babe. It's just kinda like AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I don't want to go! like wtf did I do? can't believe I even joined 
I love how 'Romantic Comedies' are so fucking sad.  Screw you sexy dead irish man, screw you.
@reexio ok. I have. 2hr lunch break with nowhere to go &amp; nobody to spend it with. Sucks monkey balls. 
So the hubby found out his mom has diabetes now.  feels like that bothered him more then my thyroid problem. Thats Fucked up! 
Fuck fuck fuck... exhaustion leads to incomplete reviews due to lack of motivation and focus. Grrr... boo, me! 
For the record screw blacksmithing in WoW.  Screw it in it's stupid butt. (It's been costing me a fortune.) 
Fuck you chemistry I don't care about Electrolysis 
Fuck This, Dalton pisses me off!! 
Awkward moments.. More like bullshit moments. Fuck this 
We've never spent this much time apart unless one of us was in jail.  Goddamn he smelled good tonight!
This is so '06 but... Fuck AWAs. 
Shit, apparently I fucked up two screens 
Sittinggg In Physicss  Pretty Shit 
hates today!! Shit happened! 
Fuck me. Way too early to be up and started for the day 
worst nights sleep ever.  Coffee and a bath for me methinks.  Fucking chavs. 
@Taplamp I'm sorry dear  Screw them! You and I can be a couple ;) haha.
Shit orphadontist at half. 3 
I feel sick  and p.e. Sucks.
@LukeBrownUK i bet you were crying in agony. Fucking does your nut in when that happens 
I feel sick  i want to barf. Fucking p.e
Alright so i'm headed back to work. So tired of ignorant iPhone 3GS questions! Read about it on the website people! Fuck! 4 Hrs left! 
Ow. Fuck. My sat just scratched me. 
Fuck! Cleaning the house makes time fly! It almost three and I don't even feel like I made a dent! 
About to go to this basketball game...Go support the old hood! ha ha they never front! Fuck fake ass ppl dnt call me 
SHIT! Fuck. Tits balls bitch asshole newb looser dodo head rotten maggot ridden diseased shank hole.......I just loituma-ed myself 
Fuck the plastic packaging. Oww 
And now I have a stomach flu. Fucking spectacular 
These migraines are starting to hit me daily now. Bullshit.  #squarespace
Sunburnt on my foot. Fuck! I was going to get that tattood tomorrow 
This is my forth time taking pills for this migraine and still doesn't want to go away!, this Fucking Sucks!! 
current infatuation: Aviator sunglasses. Fuck my myopia. 
Found this big bump on the back of my head. Guess its from where i tripped n hit my dresser. Fuck it hurts 
fuck that shit, I'm crying. Fucking Avril making me all sad/ 
Bloody Pissed off! 
In maths just when my day was getting better it turned Shit 
Aaaww he went home already. Screw weekdays. 
Fuck Youtube, fuck youtube up their stupid white asses. 
I wish I could stand in line for an iPhone tomorrow.   Freaking work.
@brainstuck Shit boy the last one is evil  I agree its genuine to cry there @reema226
@elizabethalbery I know. Sucks doesn't it. 
I'm working on 1 question. Fucking flat interest shiz. Wht should I do with it, I'm clueless 
http://mobypicture.com/?277hdp - Screw U british summer weather 
Today Suck !! I hate youuu!! relax .. keep moving forward farin... keep moving forward .. 
@SaintAshlar Shit. 
@evil_trout Shit crispington 
So, although I work @ a hospital, I'm here at the military hospital as a patient.. Sucks  my tummy still hurts....
My best bro's are both working on the 4th of july. Sucks. 
I missed my bus!! Shit sucks 
Screw my weak immune system 
I'm late to class. Shit. 
Screw this 4pm traffic!!! 
@HelenWraight Shit, was it a new episode? 
Suck aku cornet  miss baby dracula although he just sent me home 
Ahhhhhhh .... Fucking bored 
Fuckin Rez hits 
@tomplaskon No.   Asshole beat my record by a good 140 
Nooooooooo... the Virgin Megastore closed!  I actually liked that store. Where will I get my CDs now? Bestbuy? Fuck you recession!
Aah bushes as jack in the box kinda Fuck up your legs when you run into them.. 
Fuck it  Next !
My roommate is SUCH a bitch... she said &quot;Fuck you&quot; to me. I'm so sad 
@mimiparadise I still have a cold. Fucking dirty ass people 
According to Phull, we're getting a Physics assessment next week. It's not due till 6 weeks later, but still. Fuck me dead! 
Fuck, my brother and his wife just got the Red Ring of Death! No more concert tonight. 
Shit shitshit.  I burnt the greenbeans haha 
has been up for HOURS  only an hour or so's sleep. Fucking depression, fucking life  just fuckoff &gt;.&lt;
@gb155 Fucking nightmare coming in. I'm half dead - 47 minutes 
Redid my makeup twice &amp; eventually ended up barefaced. Both my mac &amp; maybelline foundation are too pinkish on me. Sucks to be yellow. 
@NickHodge Shit. 
Asshole -___- Fuck these cramps 
@erockett89 We care sweetie - I'll chat with u anytime  Fucking migraines, headin to bed to see if I can sleep, I guarantee nothing... 
It's official, my leg is killing me. Fucking hurts 
@mister_showtime I lost all my horny kitties and Britney Fuck Vids!!! I have a couple of sex-toy sites but its hardly the same 
The dish soap is making my arms break out in a rash again   Shit
My boy failed his exams. Sucks. 
At least I know my smoke alarms aren't working .Shit. 
I'm so down .. you can't imagine how bad i feel. Sucks to be I  #me #fail
Six words: Screw heat. Screw humidity. Screw Bluford. I didn't even get close to my 8 miles today.  Not very happy with myself now.
At work...Finished all my work for the day to bad I have 7 hours left until I'm able to leave.Fuck being normal,fuck having a &quot;real job&quot; 
@jonic Fuckin' deid, mate 
@christinezegers lol I knew it!!! But yeah saly coming over! Suck your not 
Screw you thunderstorms for ruining my plans. /sad face 
What the hell do you need to hammer in your apartment?!?!? I was sleeping soooooooo good too. Bastards upstairs. 
Feels horrible and doesn't know how to fix this! Shit shit shit damn it damn it damn it! Awwwww   
@addiieee yeaaaa I want to. I have my cartilage pierced but my mom haaates it  and she'd kill me if I got another ... Sucks lol
About to do piano exam. Freaking out 
3 majorettes shows tomorrow. Fuck me I'm gonna be tired. Considering each performance is an hour long, 3 hours  
@jfilly84 I didn't get to see your bubbletweet.You know these darn sidekicks..Suck 
Shit. My feeeet 
Haters---you suck. 
HOLY SHIIIIIT! I was sooo close to losing my phone just now. Fuck! Thank god dude was kind enough to give it back smh. Crappy day 
Being Depressed Sucks 
Francis just ditched me for his imaginary friends to go to APW  Fuck you!! lmao.
Shit, i'm sick 
@StEpHYsWoRLd. Shit. . .sittin at a bar by my lonesome.   lol
@hArDwOrKtRaVoN LOL! Shut up.You aint feeling me so I guess I gotta call him 
Stuck in Youngstown with a dead battery. Shit 
Sucks to see him like that 
my car just died. Shit i have a tear 
My Myspace as Been Hacked 2Times A Day ... Fuck I Really Am Famous 
Fuck this Romeo and Juliet holiday homework. 24 scenes to do. So much worrrkkk 
Ugh. Dumped again. What am i supposed to do?? Fuck. 
I must be getting old cos all that hardcore drum &amp; bass sounds the same 2 me !!!! Shit i'm turning into a grown up boy man 
My feet hurt so damn bad. Wearing flip flops to work. Fuck what they say 
@R33S exactly! Bastards! yah. I don't get up early often.  I don't feel awake yet.
@urei_bosatsu Shit. 
Shut it down @summerjam614 last night....had a blast!!! I think I drank too much pinot grigio!!! 
@gencaballero Sucks to be home! 
@paintgrl I'm So unloved, no one even bothers to give me shit for my potty mouth.. Fuckitty Fuck Fuck - See? Nothing... 
@samoluv4u Fuck Popeyes,shit gave me the BG's!Wasn't even worth it after waitin' 4 it all my life  sad,sad face bruh.
Still amazed and pissed of at the same time. Fucking weather, why in the middle of &quot;Head like a Hole&quot;?  #Novarock
won't be in bru for the induction! Shit 
damn its almost 11am and im still layin in bed... Shit i have work in five hours 
Shit, shit. kiespijn 
Fuck a mall. Bumming it out @ emilys house 
I feel like punching something. Goddamn him. 
What the hell. I'm dizzy. Fucking dizzy and like I'm dying and sleeping isn't making me better.  I hate everything. Whoever made neon -c-
Screw the rain. I wanna swim 
My. Fucking. Laptop... I am offically about to go crazy. 
Fucked  up my knee during the 7 mile run 
@thelittleidiot Shit, that's some major bad news 
Sux that poker was cancelled 
Where the Fuck-word did the #PhotoBooth go in the 5th street market?!?! Sadness of a million kinds. 
I just got news that my Telenovela of Lucerito ended with a 3 hour Finale, last week. So sad  nobpdy told me. I'm in shock. Fuck !!
I just got news that my Telenovela of Lucerito ended with a 3 hour Finale, last week. So sad  nobody told me. I'm in shock. Fuck !!
@ianrees 2 hours?! Shit....that's awesome. I wanna bike 
Sucks for you alanis! 
Fucked something up and I'm resetting my laptop 
I feel old laying in the bed rite now... I know I have 2 shows tmrw but I reallly wanna go see @makeupmanmae and them!!! Shit. 
I don't even know whats wrong and its eating me up. Fucking shit. 
Ugggggh the DnB room is running into this room. Fuck 
Toddler in my condo complex fell out of the third floor window and died. Wow. Awful. Fuck man, strange news to get when being picked up 
I love my life but I would give anythingg for a good night's sleeeep. Fuck Tim Hortonss. 
Niggas bouta fight  ugh over a wack chick @ that smh
Mad as hell.. @NICKIMINAJ is headed to libra!   I'm all the way downtown! Fuck! Tryna get to where she is or I'm gonna be super upset!
Fuckin got arrested 
Ahhh so tired, and lifted a 50lb basket wrong so my back is killing me. Sux to be me right now 
I hate the people that live upstairs!!!!!! Shut the fuck up!!!!!!! I'm tired and cranky.. 
You should always stretch before going out drinking, because you never know when you'll end up doing an accidental split. Shit hurts. 
Also downloading Vans Annual Warped Tour Compilation 2009. OMFG @warped09 starts next week!!! Fuck I can't be there! 
kickin' it with Filip. Fucking cool guy! He informed me Guns N Bombs was no more. Sad day 
Conquered two damn burgers, salad, soup, ice cream. Fuck, i got the munchies  Recapping the night..
Head. Throbbing. Shit. 
Shit...just missed by 4 min 
I have so much Shit to do today  luckily i'll be free later
Feels like Shit 
@reddhanded Hey  Pissed The Fuck Off Sir...
is too hot, feeling sickly, and dreading work. Fuck Rogers 
My right earbud just died  No sound comes out. The song i was listening to at the time: Totally Fucked 
@smilemon25 Sucks 
Screw the nclex. I'm so sick of studying 
#iranelection At least, the spammers help to keep this category alive  Suck it spammers!!!!!
Stressing out majorly about the tests I had to take for the job.  Shit.
@blakemariebee that Fucked 
So, I guess I'm not going to Colombia anymore.  Fucking sucks.
@KRoseL Fuck tht! Dril his ass (pause). You know the game cause your friends with the people that's best at it..awww u got girly on me. 
Fuck Campus Party! 
@carole29 oh really! Shit. Lesson learned 
Shit did I miss seeing @WhatRedSaid nekkid?! 
While buying contact lenses I said, &quot;Shit, I can buy an NDS with what I'm paying.&quot; Attendant says, &quot;actually NDS is cheaper!&quot; NIce 
@chloealper Shit! sorry to hear that 
@rubberdollemma Yes! Ans what sucks even more is that I've done it now and it still doesn't work!!!! Fuckin shit 
So, i was excited about the CARS act til i just found out i don't qualify. Fucking fail 
fighting with fat girls.  They are so mean. Fuck it. Eat mcdonalds.
I don't feel good  cramps like a motherrrr! Sucks.
Sleeeeeeeeepy  but I'm scared xD  And I'm creapishly sad o.o  ... Shut up xD  http://twitpic.com/8cjbe
Shit.... I WAS sleepy 
Shut up kaci! It was my gayy ass phone bein a bitch and not spellin shit right 
&quot;Your iPhone cannot be synced because you do not have enough free space. would you like apple to delete some photos?&quot;  Fuck You, Mr Tunes 
*cant  hahaha. Shit. Damnit.
Fuck. The embassy is closed, with no notification. Ran out in a cab for nothing.  - http://tweet.sg
Fuck me! It's the morning, i feel like i've only been asleep 5 mins! Headache from Hell! 
@lisa617 me either.  Sucks.
@hevinbrussels  OK, that isn't any fun at all. you're right. Screw the fairies. Squirrelly winged little bastards.
Shut off my alarm and didn't get up to walk!  
 pulled a muscle and still doing Fucking p.e
I'm so sick....   Freaking migraines! If I could chop my head off, I would.
@BecFitzgibbon @AttitudeMercury  I miss being scared by movies like I was when I was a kid... Sucks growing up! 
Canoeing was fun, like hell fun. Next time I come here I better have more confidence to go topless  Fuck my low self esteem.
@EmmaCraddock thats awesome! i dont have tix yet. Shit!  haha i should get onto that asap. I got work off for aarons. So see you there!! X
@MissPear I hear ya. I can't sleep either. Fucking sun. 
@bydesign76 poor amy  it's not running. at all. ...and it's super expensive to fix. Suck.
Fuck. Another funeral. 
A bit late, but here. Fucking moving van was double-parked on a sidestreet, adding 20 minutes to the trip. I hate driving tired. 
What is the meaning of love   pushing the one ya love aside just cause you busy . . .  I going crazy here . Fuckin sick this shit
Sucks. Not sux. I miss you so much 
Wooohooo, amazon lowering mp3 prices. Fuck you iTunes 
@lukeayresryan Fucking well done!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope you have screen shot(ted) it to death, I have! - Your hard work has paid off 
I fucking looooooove britney!!!! Shut the fuck up no ballads!!! Shake that poon for us  hahahah
Tonight  is going to be Fucking amazing  &lt;3333
Fuck im bored &gt;_&lt; Nothing to do! Fuck... i think imma listen to some Dumb Luck 
Just spent a wonderful day with my Main.. Ain't seen her in a while(a week) LOL Fuck i,t I'm in love  ain't afraid to admit it either lol
Fuck yes. Distortion pedal AND keyboard have decided to work. Winnnn. 
Fucked up in  the way home 
I won $560 on roulette last night! Fuck I love waking up with money, that rarely happens with me. Dope 
@aarong405 it's shit and rainy and cold. Sucks hard!! 
@Onerva Shit, i'm at work... Count on you for reporting 
@tammiehalcomb Fuckin' weed smoking idiots and their stupid 420..... million brain cells they lose smoking that shit. 
Oh my god. Fucking hot guy in church flirting with me 
is eating a freezeeeee  It has been very nice out!. Screw the rain. &lt;3
Since there are Fuck Yeah!'s - potterhead: There should be. Example: fucknohitler. or fucknoasparagus hah  http://tumblr.com/xbk1p8zck
Shut up and give birth already 
@guittaraxx Shit, $80 for a hat?! no fucking way i would pay that for a hat... hm well i would have to be a pretty epic hat 
@dougedey Shut your mouth?  (I jest. A mask is a great idea.)
@sethu_j my thoughts exactly. Fuck 'er girl. Enjoy the long wknd and forget about it. It's sunny  also, watch Jonas. I haven't seen it yet
@crashypoo haha. Shut up 
is going to the movies. Screw homework 
I love my liddo brother andy &lt;3333333 Suck on that bitches  jk
Screw it I'm going shopping. I'll be back by like 3 anyway and then I'll do hard core revision 
@IlanRubin Freaking awesome job tonight! You seem to really be having a lot of fun. I have some pictures I wanna send you.. 
Ha Damn im ready.  but Fuck that Bitch, i cant believe she had the balls to call me. Haha Wtf!
Fuckin padtron  con sheila.neil.gio.dex.wongo.poncho.bebo.ant.lulu&amp;therest of the niggasz
Crap. I have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  #lostthegame (Blame @meekakitty )
@petrilude &quot;Shaking My Fucking Head&quot; or &quot;So Much Fucking Homework&quot; according to Urban dictionary 
(@amandastorlie) Shut up and put your money where your mouth is thats what you get for waking up in vegas 
@tsarnick Shit, I should be! 
@markhoppus Fuckin and suckin and touchin 
@galoera I'm in 97 degree weather drinking red. Suck it up!!! 
@samantharonson I think you're great. Screw everyone else. haha! 
Change of plans: Fuck it all, I'm going out. And motherFUCK you too 
41 hrs is tooooo long to stay awake! Screw this, im goin to bed b4 the sun comes up tonight 
@tangledhelix Dammit, stop interfering with my crotchety, pedantic streak. Also, I hate AIX. Fuck you, filesets! 
Is blasting TUNES!!! And ignoring the bangs of my neighbours LMFAO!!! Shut up Maaan! 
@Moonbeamdisco Suck it up, darling.  This is the flip-side of nose-kisses.  
I'm going to go see her... Screw it 
Shit, @EricVictorino had a relapse. 
@grovesphoto Fuck you, Jim Dear.. &amp; I am glad you had fun diving today, *blows kisses* 
@FrankMillar Piss myself laughing!! 
Shut up, just shut up, shut up!!  Shut up, just shut up, shut up!!  Shut up, just shut up, shut up!!  
(@VickyCheng) Shut up, just shut up, shut up!!  Shut up, just shut up, shut up!!  Shut up, just shut up, shut up!!  
@merrral calvin harris is cool. In school with rhys an rachael wahahahahaha home ec next then graphics. Carlyn will be stoned. Fuck yeah 
Escuela. Today should be pretty easy  except algebra. Fuck algebra. I am Batman.
I'm just a big bundle of screw up  When things are screwed up, what do I do? Screw them up more! Know why? 'Cause that's what I'm good at!
Dunno why we played for 12 hours - steve already knows I won't be beat.  Stopped bc I had appt. Fucking tired but clawed up enuf to split
Screw you @Bigd040 
@SlapnutzUK: @BigDaveSchlicky @FrodoUK @JaySFnB good session last night boys. Shit like needs to happen more . U all lubed up then 
Made it through hell week. Feel it in my feet, ankles, knees, and hips. Fuck me. Next week starts with ten hours yay 
@annebellago Shit happens hon...do I sound worried??? 
Fuck u fridays is here!! Sooo fuck u all on behalf of MFA!!  Brandon is n cali, its going down 2nite bitches!!!! YESSiR!!! ;-p
Apparently FTW means &quot;For The Win&quot; ... I thought it meant &quot;Fuck the World!&quot;  
In a massage chair.. Shit feels so good  ready to dance!!
@TwistedMacSista Shut up...and good night.  *smooches*
@JRCohen Crap-2-dos? ha ha That is a good one.  Hang in there.
@sexkellystyle you going to bed again? Shit you done that last night 
