Most common words for this cluster:
[('fun', 281), ('day', 34), ('work', 20), ('night', 19), ('time', 19), ('times', 17), ('today', 16), ('home', 16), ('tomorrow', 11), ('http', 10), ('stuff', 9), ('amp', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Fun', 0.9903258681297302), (u'AP9_Passport', 0.68682861328125), (u'Spook_tacular', 0.6252865195274353), (u'lifts_IOWA', 0.6236959099769592), (u'Flyff_Fly', 0.6206784248352051), (u'Mon._Night', 0.6051716804504395), (u'Family_Fun', 0.6036432981491089), (u'Moonwalks', 0.6034389138221741), (u'Spooky_Halloween', 0.6031726002693176), (u'Clowning_Around', 0.6000632643699646)]





Fun morning getting new servers into racks (with a helper this time!). Afternoon less fun, writing up documentation. Still 4 hours to go 
Fun day but back home, bored now 
At home now. Fun fun fun tell its time to return to the real world on monday 
What a shitty 4:20 this year! No Luck, and no Fun! 
I've had 2 hours sleep!! Fun Fun 
Fun night in philly going back for sure ! On my way back now though 
Fun show. Not as many kids as Adelaide by fun none the less 
Ohhhh and the Fun has Begun, Logan just dumped his Bowl of Cereal  on the Floor..........I need a Vacation man!! 
Going 2 go fold some more clothes.Fun. 
@erinthomas06 Fun, but its almost over 
Fun night last night....paying for it today,and the worst part is i have work at 12 
is the single one out of her friends  and its never Fun!
Fun day of hiking... Early day at work tomorrow 
Fun weekend comes to an end 
Morning all! I need to go brush up on my knowledge of Freud's psychodynamic model....... Fun, eh? 
@Neetee I've been awake a while! Packing to do. Not getting anywhere though  Fun times. Love youuuu
Going to enjoy my day in work looking like a drowned rat. Fun times 
@ Fontana. Its Fun as fuhh here! 
My stomach is killing me and my sweetie is curled up in the bed with a bad headache/maybe fever. Fun day 
Sitting at work  Fun or not ??
And you must come back !!!! You have to !!  we have too many things to do ! Fun! Fun! Fun (: just don't forget about me !!!! ? ifly
Another day of revising  Fun Fun .
Started my day with a cyberbullying incident. Didn't happen on school computers, but involved 2 students. Fun. 
All I can think about is that I have to be at work at 9am and I drank too much. Fun night. Taking audrey back to her hotel 
Fun day planned - have to stock up on make-up and party stuff for Erin's sleep-over..the joy  WHY! hehe
is not feeling the greatest. i woke up with another headache and i can barely keep my eyes open.  Fun 
Off to work I go... Playtime is over 
Doing uni work all weekend. Fun times 
leaving for Fun Formosa soccer soon... last session  http://twurl.nl/6rpo26
Someone almost smashed into me pushing their cart super fast in the supermarket.  Fun times....
@djxdanga hahah. Fun! Nobody will take me to see that. 
@haems  Fun to drive too. I miss the good old days of driving heavy machinery. 
@ryankanno Fun to read the way he wrote it, but I thought the story was lacking 
Read look at trucks read a little bet more look at more trucks. Fun 
Fun day in the sun at the airport shooting the chopper dialogue scenes. No stunts yet  http://twitpic.com/690h2
Fun night at Anarchy last night, lots of dancing while trying to avoid feet of people with no shoes on(?!) Moaned at for snoring again 
Fun night last night with the frisbee team. I'll be sad to move away.  Sort of.
EJ's team lost ..  it happens can't win then all. Fun filled weekend ahead still!!!!!
Just got back from Dillon's house. Fun night although I fell asleep really early. And @borsabear left real early 
TC-ing this weekend with ?mattlebrun and @dpmusso. Fun group! Excited about this weekend at HPC, then I'm gone for 2 weekends after this 
Fun girl group wanted me to come out tonight.  Really want to, but am exhausted from packing my house and still have tons to do. 
Fun day! Should have used sunscreen D: ah. Skin is on FIRE. Miss my boyfran.  but still can love life 
Fun night with Bford fam, but my first night in a LONG time not sleeping next to him 
At the park while Leonie gets a new tattoo. Fun, but I'd trade places in a second 
is not ready for Science World 5k Fun Run  http://plurk.com/p/xfjre
Fun-filled weekend with family and friends celebrating our son's high school graduation.  Now....a soon-to-be empty nester -    /  
I miss my bestfriend, Zimo  Spent time with him today!! aaahhhh! Fun fun :')
@gigglepops Fun talking to you too....it would be much funner if we had something to celebrate over 
@NoLeftTurns Fun! I've never rode that before. I'm limited as to what I can ride now too.  Were going on Norway ride.
Fun day out on the lake...super hot and beautiful...but now I feel sick to my stomach....blaaaa 
No more motorbike  on 94 bus to west end, Reading let the right one in and thinking about contracts. Fun.
@torontophotog Totally - I get migraines from barometric changes all the time.  Fun times, especially on a wedding day 
Stupid storm knocks out the tv... Fun. 
Fun knitting knitting with my friends.  As 2 of us left together, she said sadly, &quot;I'm going to miss you.&quot;  I'm going to miss them.  
@CrazySphinx been very very busy o! uni stuff! I have to learn about 320 pathogens in 2 weeks for my exam. Fun huh?  how about you?
Fun stuff, when holding an arrow key and the Bluetooth keyboard drops out (as it usually does) that key is repeated indefinitely... 
Plz. I want Fun Ranch. 
right time to go to the ortho. Fun times. getting the flamin' retainer 
@Piewacket1 Hey kids, come to the petting zoo and then watch us grill up that llama you just befriended!  Fun for the whole family. 
Been doing homework since I woke up at 9. Break time. Cleaning. Fun, fun. 
Fun watching the boys play softball! I have work sooooo early tomorrow 
@JeremySkinner Multiple container vendors  can be a pain in the arse to support over time  Fun to experiment and play with though 
Fun day in the library! 
Oh nononono tummy, you can't start feeling bad now. We're going to Fun Plex in 2 hours and they have a rollercoaster. 
Mapping zip codes to parse into db for recruiting portal. Fun 
Off to uni for 2pm exam. Fun fun fun!! 
on the way to the north end for dinner with katie, mom, my older sister, her husband &amp; 2 friends. Fun fun. Past Nicholas' bedtime though 
Sitting at the door checking ID's... Fun fun fun 
work work work work work Fun 
Gota go home for a nap then off to help my rents again tonight... Fun fun fun! Nawwwt!  x
Sun=Fun....unless you're locked away inside the LSV 
@bobmaron http://twitpic.com/6s40g - Thats lotsa doggie poo to scoop up  Fun~Fun
@Jonasfanlove Fun? lol ~ Meeee.... well i am going soon 
Fun day at Gile's house...I miss my girl though 
@Branzyger Agree. Fun competition. I wanted to be the one tho 
Fun night now its time to get ready for this work week 
Just woke up...must go through surfacing today and write lots of notes. Fun stuff 
Drunk running with Simon = dizzy. Fun, but dizzy.  
still doing reviews and studying for my algebra test for tomorrow. Fun, right 
Fun day geocahed, shopped, and playing sims3. But I need a new video card 
Fun weekend..sleep time, early morning  jealous bec I wanna see hangover!
Fun at The Bower today. Tho all those things that were on the to-practice list never quite came together   There's always next time!
Fun day, hung out with my ginas &lt;3, &amp;good ass company today. i feel helluh bad for not hanging out with mu sister today tho. 
@njosey17 yep cant wait either. Fun times ahead... Mergh but i have so much to do in the holidays. Ie apply for the open market law firms 
Fun evening talking business &amp; enjoying a few beers with @BizBackpacker &amp; @TravelHappy! Home already and it's still early though 
Fun times: Just proved someone wrong while trying to prove them right - they did make a mess of things 
Fun, part of my tooth chipped off 
It's like there's a retarded business manager's meeting today, and they decided to have the meeting on my work phone line. Fun 
Fun Times.....Fun Times.....Fun times are you editing old videos together by yourself in horrible weather. Damn bad weather. 
@tommyv I haven't felt 100% since Saturday (when I bailed on what I'd planned to be Fun Nite 2009). I hope the team plague isn't back. 
Going to bed. Another day of helping out at Rookie Week tomorrow. Fun 
spending the day in bed/working out. Fun day, topped off by GCSE chemistry tomorrow 
I need sleep. I also need to get into school. And for that, I need more money.  To get money, I need to work, which means no sleep.   Fun.
Has got to go job center again shortly. Woop. Fun times 
In work... Fun!! 
wants to watch Bruno! but for now, its the electron transport chain  Fun!
Wtf the lights just went out... Not Fun stuff 
Now im just bored. English/spanish tomoro. Fun... 
That was... Fun. I miss fun. Time to pass out now. Box office in the am while everyone else is off.  No day off for Caitlin this week.
Just saw The Hangover with the cousins. Fun times, however, can not stay up til 5am again today. I miss summer vacay. 
Going through my pictures.  Fun times.  http://twitpic.com/7mdbs
Fun fact: my ant bite ended up being a spider bite 
Fun vacay...but I miss Otalia  lol
@coopermays Fun hanging out with you, too! Would be even better if I were on the beach 
@katska Fun, but I had to leave early for doctors appointment  Definitely hoping to go to entire thing next year! Amazing group of ppl
is out for the day thenhas gotta play the steel pans at a celebration evening for the yr 7's. Fun. not.  god i miss him so much ):
Fun time yesterday at &quot;all stars&quot;.. couldnt believe i m back on my ride to office .. 
I Miss My people! Living in new place is Fun and exciting i hate that you can't pack your friends and bring them along  love you guys
Looks like laptop will be put in for repair again. Fun times 
Off to this good o j-o-b. Fun 
@coffeylicious Fun! i went with nana to get her tooth pulled...i guess you had more fun today 
Fun reading. Theraflu pit stop on the way home to pass out. 
I've been awake since 1:30 with only an hour and a half of sleep. Fun night but I am TIRED! 
Fun lunch with #wife; now home for more chores. 
Fun fact #1 I jumped off a bridge once and have a scar on my foot 
Fun party lolmao, kinda boring @ 1st, but i guess it was okay-poor,poor towel 
Fun date with new cutie. Wish she didn't hav to work tonight. 
Actually had Fun at work for once. I realized iv met a lot of cool people at timmys. I'll miss em  well I'm off to nicks for bondfire
Fun night, but i missed erin 
Just got back. Fun Night with him. He's too old though...  oh well
That was a great workout!! Now time to shower and sleep....Fun tomorrow!!... missing my mommy and sisters  think its time 4 a visit again
Fun carnival last night. Watching television. I'm craving for some frosted flakes 
Gloomy day in Oceanside  meeting B for lunch at the px then hitting up itt &amp; the pharmacy... Fun fun! :-/
JUST FINISHED LUNCH!!!!! Food and laughs with @garciagyrl and @tweetmeblack...i dont know anyone elses username  ...! Fun times!
@lovinkat Aw, I wanted to go too!  I'll email/text her. Fun!
Fun day but now im stuck between two girls n dont kno wat to do  confused!
ppl .. I'm Searching for a book ykoon wayed interesting w Fun .. Any Ideas  ?
Last exam tomorrow!  Bitesizee gamess! -- Fun stuff (Y) 
I'm Not Having Fun Cuz one of my family is being shady also bring all the drama to the family , i really hate those people . 
Tummy full! Fun lunch date w/ isa &amp; karla ... The lesangna was gr8...! Now im in macro falling asleelp 
@TGMcLaughlin  aww! Fun I bet ur getting all tan. A boat sounds more fun than a grilled cheese 
My morning: 31 week OB appt today. 1/12 hrs behind and got sick while waiting in the office.... Fun times 
Six Flags = Fun! The next day = no voice 
My favorite pair of flip flops just broke... and I'm across campus from my room. Fun times. 
Just got home. Fun day. Swimming. Then downey now home. 
@simoncherian I like Shadow... But too dark... Fun, is the keyword... 
Someone's singing Tuljak in the Institute. Fun times! 
what a blustery day!!!  Looks like more crafts, video games, and castle building!!!  Fun times 
Singing the zombie song (http://www.plantsvszombies.com) and annoying co-workers. Fun! 
All 4 kids crashed at once... Strewn about the living room.  Fun friday night 
@zownder Fun, my daughter also lead her CS team  I love girl gamers!!!
Shot @skurfuerst first, and then the two hosts in a wild west duel  Fun times #t3con09-dallas
You Supply The Caption - Gardening Fun  http://bit.ly/A7Njj
Is heading to collinsville.. A&amp;W, Gateway Fun Center, and then a movie 
Fun with Airfoil plus every gadget in the house  http://vimeo.com/4216423
Just watched &quot;the Strangers&quot;, very strange movie. Fun though. 
@jacdi Yup, them hot boys are always gay. Fun eye candy tho 
Fun dayyy.  i was right, he is into me. 
Finally home from Mardi Gras @ Universal ... Fun and tiring ! Good night 
@deucehartley How's it going? I'm just in from our NYC charity Tweetup. Fun... tired.... maybe a little tipsy. 
Fun night tonight...had a bonfire with some friends I haven't seen in years.   Now I'm eating Reese's Puffs cereal.
Finally Home...tired, beat, worn out, all of the above...Fun night tho  got church n a few hours lol
Fun fun fun show in new orleans. Thanks to chicken and egg productions for all their hard work 
Staying in the 954 an extra day  Fun Fun!
Last night was carnage.  Fun, beautiful, twisted carnage.  But I love the Kenya crew and my boy very much 
Wii Is Super Fun 
Fun night last night with the hubby 
Thanks for the follow @Organtasy. Fun name. 
@davidbeking biz travel so not my pocketbook at least  RSA conference. Fun and exhausting at the same time
Fun journey to Waterloo with @ddkaboosh, and a sunny, fragrant flower-lined walk to the office. There have been worse starts to the week 
@xsparkage Oh my - Fun Dip!  Blue sugar in a bag.   I haven't had that for years. Silly little things that make me miss home..
abit high, from breathing too much helium. Hohoho. Fun though 
has made it to work on time! Fun times, answering those phones! 
Ah back at work after 4 days off plus the weekend. Fun! I see that someone has been keeping up with my desk..not overwhelmed yet! 
Making Sun-N-Fun badges today. Think I'll add some aviation clip-art to make us look more legit. 
Finally hung out with other vegas juggalos. Fun night! 
just came home from market market. watched jash's cheerdance competition. Fun! 
Fun times tonight! 
I'm gonna ride all the coasters multiple times with my brother, and then puke! Fun times! I can't wait. 
@rowedahelicon No, just a cold. Fun story though. 
Dave n Busters was nice. Fun games plus my best friend = good times 
Fun night  good night see ya'll tomorrow
Fun nite @ work- special thx 2 my bachelor party table and our shots all nite! Goodmorning and gnite kids 
Going out to breakfast with melissa this morning, then i am going to mow the grass! Then after that i am going to a wedding! Fun Fun 
Partyin for ashleys birfday! Fun in the sun!!!  Shout outz to Statutory Skizz
Fun night with ana and claudia! Nightttt 
@Wacky1059 where is round 1? haha 
At Jennifers watching Hannah Montana. Fun day. 
Just finished filming.  Fun material. 
Fun to share LOL 
Despite rain and cold, had great fun at the Flying Pig this a.m. Fun to cheer evry1 on and not actually run myself 
We were just working on The Van. Fun fun. 
I enjoy playing card games with baby. Fun times 
@Jester512 Aww well aren't you sweet  It's def best Not to take Life to Seriously,after all we were put here to have Fun werent we haha 
Fun (and free)... As always! 
@monnie Not really, injured so can't do much exercise. The KG's are coming on already. Also still looking to rent some place!!  Fun times!
@rhettroberts sexxxxxxxy  I had a silly weekend with my bff =P Fun times! Haha
Dump your worries in the Stress Fire. Fun and profoundly freeing  http://budurl.com/c765
@robertgould Fun to read, thanks! You Brits make things interesting  Funny they whittled 33 saints days to four,... http://ff.im/-2zgfk
@MOHFANZ Fun times ~ that's my friends beer!  here's the pic'  http://yfrog.com/053agj
&quot;Then It HappenED&quot;, sorry. Watching a movie with some friends in a while!  Fun fun! 
@RiotGirl14 Sounds Fun! 
Fun webcamming with caroooo 
Fun is being had. 
Just back from bingo w/family -- I won over $1100! Fun night 
About to go to sleep. Fun 
Hmm... It's my birthday tomorrow... Fun! 
Today. Was. So. Much. Fun.  
@miss_bushido Fun! 
oooooo Inducting Newbies? Fun! I like training and meeting new people and stuff 
Today is gonna be a long day but still. Fun day tomorrow plus finally get my hair cut 
@livlab No, that kind of booklet would be titled &quot;Fun with labeling and compartmentalizing personalities&quot; 
Today is my birthday! Fun fun 
We're looking for a rockstar stylist to complete our salon. Fun people need only apply 
@boysandclothes thx to the whole crew for guest hosting bamboo banger! Cee, good seeing u again last nite! Fun nite right  @ceethephotog
Going to bed. Fun weekend so far 
@Dolezal06 and I hanging out after his bro's wedding. Fun south tx weddding 
Finally home from sac &amp; vallejo. It was a long day. Fun tho 
Fun night tonight.  GOODNIGHT!
Fun night  thank you jo for dinner and thank you joe for the tattooo!
Having Fun with my DSi   Getting Summer Hugs Bear
@jodenecoza lolz hi there!  your top favorites will be great haha. Creative and Fun , thanks!
It's a gorgeous day in Denver! Fun in the sun 
Fun fair performance todaii * not excited* ; boyfriend is stayin the night  *excited * anyhow out n the driveway prac. : dumb pervs r lame
Job interview for babysitting an then home 2read an upload my pics from whale watching! Fun fun  lol
Fun night at Dane cook with the boys  lots of shit to do today to get ready for finalsss.
Watching desperate housewives. Fun stuff. 
@NotARichGirl It was a lot of fun. Took me and my peeps about 3 hours to finish it. There were a lot of signs for a bunch of causes. Fun 
Fun weekend  i don't think my head has ever hurt so bad before though. School might not be happening for me tomorrow! Woooo
is going to school soon... Fun to meet my frnds again after being sick tho 
Fun in Vegasss Drag show at 2am 
Ahhh, day time tv. Fun in small doses... 
@madlep thanks for the follow man, i hit u back. Fun w/e we had 
Just got home from hookah and tequila with jeremy, jody, and sierra! Fun fun fun! Made plans for a trip to the lake  i am gonna miss t ...
Home from justin Bibby's. Fun night of movies. Watched Step Brothers, pretty funny movie 
@pradmilly ... Have Fun 
Sitting with dalesy in the library doing media revision! Fun fun fun 
@tommcfly Have Fun in brazil  i hope its nice and hot! not like england! 
is at work... daily living eval, remedial ed and keyboarding today. Fun, but I'd rather be sleeping.  Vacay in 4 days!
I look like a drowned rat after being out in that rain. Fun 
Its kaitlyn on sams phone again  in geometry. Correcting tests. Fun fun :/ love you allllllll
is paying bills, running errands, then work. Fun times 
@babygirlparis Are You Having Fun ?? 
@marlynn16 Have Fun   xx
@crazytwism  @thenewbnb Yep. Fun song. You sell the stock, you probably wont get enough money to spend. 
@TommyAndBrook hey kids... don't wait so long to journey back to LaLa land! Beware of elevators! Fun times! 
@missiealyssie Fun! Drink in the joy of being with them and kiss their noses repeatedly! 
@HowsoJoe @Healium Indeed and it is. Fun times. 
Fun fun fun these last two days 
Malo prave buke  Check this video out -- No Fun Fest 2009 http://bit.ly/1Ugau (via @thesonicyouth)
These Subway employees are in a hurry, and this customer is ordering at the top of his lungs and asking for employee recommendations. Fun 
is all of a sudden tired and is going to go to bed. Fun day planned for tomorrow! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS I think you guys have lost it. Fun to watch though. 
working on Fridays is more Fun.. 
English translation of last tweet.  Done with studio session. Fun shiz!  headed home. ~J~
Fun time at Nowhere tonight. Thanks V, F, and J for getting me home at a reasonable hour.  And E, thx for dinner... always awesome. ;-)
Lgw now having a spot of fire drill. Fun stuff, @edbrill never tweets anything quite as exciting about airports 
On the bus to work. Fun... on the plus side - I got a nice sleep in 
