Most common words for this cluster:
[('gah', 282), ('i', 15), ('today', 14), ('time', 14), ('work', 12), ('sick', 10), ('day', 9), ('tomorrow', 9), ('my', 8), ('quot', 8), ('na', 8), ('days', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Gah', 0.9810537695884705), (u'frnd', 0.561589777469635), (u'ho_gaya_hai', 0.556532621383667), (u'kot', 0.554236650466919), (u'kharab', 0.5526081919670105), (u'dekhi', 0.5512712001800537), (u'theek', 0.55062335729599), (u'Habba_Khatoon', 0.550466001033783), (u'kab', 0.5489809513092041), (u'zaman', 0.5465670824050903)]





@plastikgyrl Gah, of course. HUGE mess. 
I'm obssesing about my weight! Gah! I can't stop thinking about the lbs. I've gained!!! It's making me upset 
Gah! The wait is killing me! 
Gah.  But I don't WANT to be at work by 9. There is work to do for #Heroes for Autism!  And @housepetrelli.
Started working on the Argent Tourney with my Pally. Gah, two character's worth of rep grind a day now.  #wow
Gah! Perfect sunglasses weather and mine are nowhere to be found. I need them to complete my look! 
@iamthejessness Gah, I wish.  
Gah! Why does he have to go away for a week 
Hooked to fanfiction again  Gah wrong time wrong time..
Gah the feed and weed has fed the weeds 
@cindypon Gah! I hate those. 
Gah...there are two patients with the same last name, and I sent for the wrong one. Now people are cranky with me 
@vinny_vegas yeah, that something is a nice eight letter word: DISTANCE. Gah. 
Gah. Apple in ear expensive headphones annoying. I get zaps like electric shocks intermittently. Returned them at weekend, new ones same 
Feel like throwing up. I think I'm getting sick  And my eyes are all ichy and teary, and my nose is all sniffy. Gah!
Gah! I dnt want ta go ta school. I wanna hang out in london 
Gah - we've now crammed so much into Clover we're getting OutOfMemory exceptions 
@1027KIISFM Gah, I would love to do that. Lame living in Australia! 
Gah so tired from work, now I have to go out tonight, don't feel like it, but its the last time until after exams 
Gah! I wish it were raining 
Gah! Chavs left chip wrappers in my garden yesterday. Today they're making the place look untidy 
@Sewwychristine Ugh, that sucks! Couldn't he play WoW on the laptop, or play it later? Gah 
I think I'm dead, really dead. Gah  x
Gah, I can feel pass out times coming on  best lie down x
@paigetheshiz I do believe my dearest Paige, I just rebroke my back. Gah pain  x
@portugueseninja Gah!  I have to go and do lunch but I wish you healing! Heal..age?... Scabbyrific.
Gah! I'm gonna be the only single one there! I'll be all alone. 
Gah I've hurt my back 
Gah my body is so weak 
Awake  I can't sleep properly anymore!! Gah
Darn! I seriously think there's no session tday. I went and d room was dark. Gah, must emaik d person  wasted trip.
Gah - my contacts are blurry. I have to order more.  I need more money.
Gah. Can't find a ball with big enoiugh holes. Sad fase. 
@nsuttner  You could save it and give it to me. Gah. I miss 1UP FM.
Gah. Everybody has gone to bed already and there's nobody to talk to 
My todo list is long. Framework, new app/community (gettin' paid though), school-stuff and some random stuff. Gah. I might die 
Gah! Cannot pass a member function pointer to a signal handler in C++   http://tinyurl.com/ytb5vo
Gah, if only I were sure about the written portion, then I would be studying for chem instead of bio 
Gah really sick. I thinkim getting the flu 
@SilentMandie They were interesting, but definitely not s important as a do or die playoff game. Gah. 
Gah! Sick kid and I was supposed to be in a performance today  No fair!
@weiserman, wait, make that THREE papers  Gah.
Gah!!! I want to go to pamona tomorrow why do I have to like 200 miles away! 
@paigetheshiz Hey, why is she pissed? Does she think I like being sick!?! Gah I hate sport teachers  x
@UluvUY We all want a reunion.  Problem`s always at time&amp;date. Gah. @-)
Gah! I went to sleep too late to have to be up this early...  
I feel like being stuck in my house for the last 2 weeks is quite intoxicating. I'm getting so flabby, and yet unwell to go out. Gah 
Gah... I can't believe I so woefully and inadvertantly spoiled lost.  http://myloc.me/RsF
Gah, holiday nearly over... Sigh. 
Gah! Why the hell am I feeling down? 
Gah, I am ALWAYS late to the party! I wish I had more free time to tweet 
Go back to sleep, go back to sleep, go back to sleep. Gah, I'm awake 
Gah, 6hrs back to KC 
Gah! Fucking card won't work on ebay for some reason! 
Gah ijust had to help my mom pull weeds 
Gah. Fell on my arm 
Gah why is everythingso complicated  makes me sadums
Gah... I'm so sick of being sick. I just want to cry 
Gah. Started making some major headway on my crashreporter app, and then I hit Symphony's subsection field limitations again 
Gah. The light in my room is still out. Really need it to be fixed 
Gah im freezin.  hate wakin up cold in the morning
Gah, 2 hours until I can fart about with new iPhone freely 
Gah! I'm almost 20  I feel old when i see little kids walking and talking. I remember a time before they were born!
Gah; set off early this morning to avoid the M25 traffic. Arrived in plenty of time for pre-meeting, and discovered it's all cancelled 
Garden needs rabbit proofing. Gah! first time they've nibbled my garden up 
@algonquirnt i just wept like a fucking baby at ur update... Gah bloody lv it. I wish i'd read it b4 i wrote my recc for the PPSS pick!  
So freakn tired! Gah, I want sleep not work! 
Gah so over being at home! I want to go on holiday again 
Everything is broken - and people are annoyed that I broke it. Gah! 
@Zackules Gah sorry I've just been trying to finish crap up and I'm going to be out of town this week 
Gah my moms bedroom door is open and they wond stop fucking talking omg as if the heat wasnt already making it hard enought to sleep 
Gah the sunlight is so bright today it's giving me a headache  Resorted to wearing new sunglasses
@lilyginny27 @tomfelton no freakin way!  Gah LG... I'm sad for you.  No love for the feltbeats admin... 
Gah, I'm jittery and upset for absolutely NO reason... 
Gah, I sprained my LEFT ankle... Just after I got over the torn ligament for my right foot. Looks like it's back to walking with a cane 
Gah! I left my glasses at work and reading is giving me a headache.  I can't believe how much I need them these days.  Old age.
@x_crazyangel Gah   But Gregg should have got the hot and talented vote, dammit!
Gah! Mtn Dew website says &quot;pending verification&quot; for the big prizes!  I want to know that I didn't win plzkthx.
Gah, I am going to die of boredom today 
Gah, bunch of loud drunk douches across the train from me. 
going to sleep. Gah, I'm really dreading this weekend 
Why do I always get stuck in queues where the guy way out front is taking AGES holding everything up? Gah. Heathrow 
I hate my family, life sucks, the end. Did I mention I hate my family. Gah.... I am so pissed and now can't sleep woo adrenaline. 
Gah! Need a new phone but Vodafone's being annoying saying I have to be 18  I'm too tired to be getting stressed! Bah humbug.
Gah. For the 7 millionth time, misremembered plans and checked about 2 hrs after I should have left. Meat &amp; alcohol bought, train late. 
@captainblubear Gah I love mangoes! I want! Too bad they don't suit me 
GBT - Gah, I can't bear to see the kids cry.  Stop it dammit, your're making me put my sad face on.  
Gah house cleaning time 
@MiraclesGoddess Thanks for the link, but it's full! Gah! 
@ninjaavie89 Aye I'm glad I don't have 4 of them ;) Gah, he's been going awol for a while now but tonight it all blew up 
Gah just remembered a friend's 21st party is tomorrow evening. Oh how sense is pleading with the rest of me not to go... 
Gah, the weekend is half over.  After two long weekends, I'm not ready for just two days!!!
Gah, I'll never get any of these trivia questions. I'm on sloooow dial-up, so takes forever to load webpages.  Boohoo. 
Off to bed, I am extremely tired. Gah school 2morrow. 
Gah ! Why do pubs in pune shut down so early? 
Gah,,,it's too hot! AGAIN!! 
@azzyheartsw Gah! I am too late! 
@ohhaimegan Well it should be there by then!  Gah, I wish I would have known earlier. I would have sent more stuff. 
I want to move out, NOW. Gah. I can't stand these people 
Gah. I just uploaded 96 pictures... WRONG. D: I have to start over completely. 
Gah! Noticed I keep transposing &quot;there&quot; for &quot;their&quot;. How embarrassing 
Gah!  http://tweetstats.com isn't supposed to be down! 
Gah! The M40 has turned into a 4 mile long, 3 mph conga. 
@otaliasocial oh no! Gah! all I wanted for forever was for Rafe to get out of prison...but now i'm a little worried! 
Gah why am I so mad about never seeing fallon again?! 
@jesusdiaz Gah, but then I might be tempted by newer, prettier, more expensive models!  (OK, I'll wait anyway.)
Gah... Left wallet at home and bank closed so couldn't deposit ...  guess wont be buying online tonight
I feel like it gets pretty hard sometimes. I get this feeling that I just want to leave. Can you move out at 16? Gah  I hate this.
Gah!! &quot;Orange Days&quot; is making me cry! Why wasn't I warned?! 
Is sick. Gah.  I hate throwing up. Hopefully I'll be better by tomorrow. I'm going to try to get some sleep, goodnight tweeters.
Gah. Why is it lately whenever I take a plane I get sick in the next couple of days? I can feel a cold coming on 
Gah, I feel absolutely wretched  I think, early to bed tonight, but I guess I should see a doctor first.
Gah...I`m sick. And I feel like I was ran over by a truck. My throat`s basically on fire. 
Gah! I hate classes when the weather is so amazing  I want summer holidays...but I won't have them ;( stupid uni...
Gah in knee support not good  gutted times
Just ran for the bus! Gah I hate physical exersize 
@whedonesque Gah!  I finally broke down and got it from ebay yesterday, as I had despaired of ever getting it in a store.  
Just brought credit.  Gah my shoes gave me sores on my heels, they're bleeding and hurt  Fck you shoes!
is going to need to go into Bristol tomorrow I think, I need a sodding cable for my headphones   Gah, it's bent and one side don't work
Gah. this weekend of plans changing every 9 min is getting olllld. im missing some major MOH stuff tonight 
Gah... so stupid last night. Got drunk and played insecure jealous guy  I hate him and want to kick him out. How do I repair this now?
Gah! I left my makeup pouch in the office! I so CMI with liq foundation 
Gah, now it seems that gpg doesn't work correctly if you've sshed into the box.  /dev/tty doesn't exist.  
@johnhood Gah haven't bid yet and its more than I can do  I'm a last minute bidder. Ah well, if its ok I'll miss.
Definitely sick now. Gah! This truly sucks. 
Gah gave vodaphone wrong PAC code from 3. Means I have to wait till monday for touch pro 2 3d 
I just got done Packing for my twip. Gah?! I have to get up at 4:30 am for my plane ride.  i will miss you guys  lol
Gah! Squished my hat! 
Gah, trying to hunt down scripts I wrote 5 years ago and can't find them anywhere they're supposed to be 
Gah - major screwup seems I set the alarms off after I left the house tonight.  Seems to have spoilt a few of the neighbours' night. D'oh.
Gah i sliced my finger! 
Gah, I hate it when you do stupid shit that will fuck up your life because then I have to convince you that's exactly what it is... 
Gah im hungry someone bring me food!! 
Gah! I love my family! I hate that they live so far away  it breaks my heart when they cry to stay
@lee_kd I forgot to tell you but I rememberd that some bitch has hacked our myspace... Again... Gah 
Gah!  Not being able to sleep sucks...there is no one to share the night with 
Gah. My motivation has run away. I miss it  I could do with it right now, really.
@Narcotic_Nights Gah, sounds frustrating. I get like that sometimes with writing. I hope you can pick it up soon cos that really sucks 
I don't wanna work. I don't I don't I don't. Gah, no surprise here, I will work. 
Gah work 2moro 
@jamesrbuk Wouldn't give him time of day, but you know what I mean lol. Gah, exam in the morning, probs shouldn't stay up much longer. 
Gah. This exam stuff is exhausting. Gah 
Gah forgot about this! @_@'''  announcement on TFA: it is over.  *sniffle*
@EnchantedElla Gah Im so nervous  dont like this feeling.
Gah who the hell does laundy at this hour...looks like I won't be sleeping for an hour or two. This sucks hardcore 
@tabloislove D: sorry! Gah. My brain isn't functioning, it's too late! LOL sorry 
Gah, this kinship diagram is even making Visio #fail 
@JoBenhamu Gah!  Khaaaaan.ytmnd.com has been changed (just got home, couldn't verify it was the right site earlier). 
will close plurk tab first. Gah.  http://plurk.com/p/112pzd
Gah! @bitchinmona called in sick. I'm gonna drown in all the work today. 
Gah, why does she want me to go in for four hours? 
Gah twitteriffic won't work!  So I'm stuck looking at updates on regular twitter 
Gah  i want to be better again! Being sick is ewwy and feels ewwwy
Gah, spent all morning trying to get this WAP in Crozier to work, still being an asshole though.  
Gah! I needz a hug 
@erob1 Gah! I forgot today was your first day! I didn't even wish you luck! I'm so sorry!  I hope it's going well!!
has had the hoover out again - child dropped biscuit barrel  Gah. Now waiting to see what kind of tide mark she can produce on the bath
Gah still sat waiting . On the ward now .  hungry bored ill and frustrated
Gah. Think I am having a muffin disaster. They are not turning out as I hoped at all     at least the sencha I'm drinking is good!
Gah. My tummy hurts, no cleaning for me.. 
Gah. I have to go and buy a bathing suit. I don't do two-pieces, so hopefully there will be shorts with my name on them. I can't swim. 
@SymanthaFox Gah!!! I can't see it till tomorrow 
ouch! My scalp burns  and my shoulders hurt. Gah.
Gah. Have stuff to write about, need pictures, flickr not loading for me. So annoying. 
@anniemal Agreed, tired &amp; what does it do for people already smoking? Gah, I need to quit 
@AlexSFLTV broke @sfltv .com  Dang mouse.. PREVIEW theme not activate! Gah Alex is gonna be in trouble....
Gah my dog shed all over my bed now i can't breathe 
Gah new CD keeps skipping  liking the sound of it though!
Gah I am out of french vanilla cream am stuck with hazelnut  how could I let that happen?
Gah starving. Bad pizza and a side salad today. But not for another hour 
Gah! My eyes are puffy. 
Just briefly chatted with @chrisbrogan and my blood sugar is so low. Must have sounded incoherant. Gah! 
Gah, work makes me tired 
wants the #ipod touch #3.0 software. Its released on the 17th. It IS the 17th. But its not available to download. Gah. BOOOOO 
Gah, realised I left my headphones at Vapiano earlier.    Really hoping somone handed them in, will be going by to check tomorrow.
Would give anything for my car to be six inches shorter so the Meter Maids won't ticket me.   Gah, parking in the city is such a bitch.
Home now.. Gah so bored!! 
Gah I'm still upset about the game being PPD 
Going to bed. Gah my parents are so annoying 
Gah, I really hate it when my posts get Stumbled - I always end up having to close comments because of the assholes 
Gah,  I suddenly feel like eating sushi... Too bad my favorite restaurants are a bit too far from the office 
Gah this wrist hurts too much, time to head out, get lunch early and buy me a new support for it 
Gah! Coffee breath!! 
My damn nerves are all worked up over the stupid car. Gah. My whole day will probably be ruined 
Even though I got up on time and everything, somehow I'm still running late. Gah! How did this happen? Also, my socks kinda don't match. 
Gah. Now to walk home. In the rain. 
Gah idk what i want to be when i get bigger   *L!nd@*&lt;3*Cr@!g*
Gah! Apple! Apparently &quot;pause&quot; doesn't really mean pause! Starting over on download. 
Saw the nice doc today - he thinks I may have asthma so has prescribed me an inhaler. Gah sucks! But I guess if it helps 
Gah! Missed @WhedonTrivia question again! And for once, I saw it, I just said &quot;Meh, I'll answer later.&quot; *hits self on head* 
@dunwan2 man, i know. sucks bigtime.  and im trying it thru the mobile web, but it isn't working. Gah.
Gah, I ran out of my v the other day and now My levels are all out of wack. I can really feel it now. A total depressive mess.  Le sigh...
Why is nothing working today???  Gah!!!
Gah!! I spent a buck on using the stupid wap on my phone  I want wifi on it!!! ;(
@RyanSeacrest   Gah !!!  I know what you mean 
Meeting at work in a couple of hours. Gah, can't be bothered. Need a life, been sat here doing nothing all day. 
@Jimmy_Poodle Gah, poo, bum, rubbish, drat, w@nk, arse! 
Yay! 3 hours to gym. Need a rest. Aarrghh... I need my teacher 2 explain this equation.  Gah!  Whoever invented math must be really bored 
Gah. Too good to be true. A technical delay 
Gah! I just dropped my phone and now theres a huge ass scrape where it scratched the plastic off. 
Whew, pages of SQL database queries today, Gah, ok, back to good old form validation work, wait what?  wish I had more sql to work on
@davegarnar Dammit. It was an unpaid position so that means I owe *him* money! Gah, just because I forgot to remind him that FOTC was on 
@EdCrowza Gah see that's what I got, but I meant to buy Amp. What I got tastes like butthole.  When are you and Jen gonna come visit!?
@formidablephoto @p3dro Gah, my moneysaving 'suggest it as a purchase to the local library' backfired. They declined 
@lauracfin Gah, my dad is flying in from Florida to renew his passport then, and we are both going to Ottawa that weekend. Sorry. 
Gah! Headache! Gah!....also wayyy to many meetings 
Gah!! I forgot to take a photo of me and my companero  Oh well - guess I'll have to dig out an old one to embarrass her with!
Gah! I can't hook my Xbox up to the internet... probably due to the access codes we need to insert before going on for the first time. 
Gah so tierd! and i still have to get up at 5am 2morro 
Gah I dont feel like going for lecture but I have to submit my LAST assignment 
I guess bed. Sometimes i wish my boyfriend wasn't forty five. Gah. 
Gah.  I always cry when Oz leaves.   
Gah wat is it with summer that makes me sad/depressed?! 
Gah.. Finding nice cars anywhere near you is almost impossible, I need a miracle 
Gah, I've 2 massive spots/bites which have appeared on my cheek yesterday. Very painful and rather unsightly 
Gah stuck at a counter and 15 minutes to VGL 
Gah my sisters flight is being delayed even more  now we only get to hang out a few days!
Gah, last days suck. :/ bye first year teachers 
Gah what a stupid dream.. It makes me want it more. 
Gah!!! #openvideo starts referencing rapid prototyping, and the video stream conks out. My worlds collide, and I can't follow along? 
It's WE, I'm tired and still work to do. Gah  #fb
direct them 2 yr profile &amp; follow who U follow or else! @lizwoolly: Gah! my #ff'll B freakin #fsat by the time I get a min 2 myself 
Gah! I'm tired and my eye's hurt 
Gah! I can't get into chat 
Gah,  been awake for ages - giving up trying to sleep 
Gah, i can't sleeep. And i have to work at 9. 
Gah! Ran the same distance as last week. Still stuck at the 1km mark  I think I need to do 3 runs a week if I'm going to improve.
Gah! my blister freakin hurts 
Gah, spoke too soon. She's awake 
Gah... so much work to do... so little time... i bet i'm gonna get sick soon, it's like a tradition to get sick during iMovies... 
Gah  just filled up on gas, full tank, two days ago. Now I'm at half tank!
I'm gonna sound really sick/stupid now O.o  But.. I miss having anorexia   Gah, I know that is stupid but I hate being fat.
Why am I not sleepy in the slightest? Gah, supposed to be up early tomorrow. 
Gah. I can't put songs in my iPhone. Why is that? 
Gah tired and he didnt text back OR ring 
Gah, I wish I could go to Grudge Match tonight! But must study instead. Also am sick. 
Onto poa now. Gah, i need sweets 
Gah!! Holiday is ending 
Gah the twitter widget for blogger is so ugly. I guess i gotta get the flash one.  - http://tweet.sg
Gah, I just can't get my mind set on my text for standup comedy 
Gah, I wish I was attending the MMVAs. 
Gah, I screwed it up the first time  All sorted now, OS X is installing fine XD Just got to make sure everythings running correctly.
@bex_1210 hmmm well I've watched BTS but that is as far as I'm going!! Gah, I'll prolly cave eventually  I can't wait 5 months D:
I don't think payday is today  it would have come through at midnight right? Gah!
@HeyyJessicaa oh dear!  and omfg, you've changed your twitter name too?! Gah! Cannot keep up with this. haha
Gah got banned again on habbo 
Gah coming to school today... still feel like crap 
I need alcohol. Gah, maybe weed. 
 Today has kinda been a stinky day. Gah.. Jsdeuioslkdjfh
Gah. All I see outside my window are traffic cones. 
it should not be getting soooooo hot  I suppose I'd better get used to it. Damn, 100 tomorrow!!! Gah...
I hate enter keys!  Gah,  Damn things are forever in the way when I type.  And I sent an update from my phone and it still isn't showing. 
@storycorey Gah! Why are you such a hit with the pedo's 
Gah! Rush hour traffic 
The bus just went off! Gah!  - http://tweet.sg
Finally got student finance but I am ill off work  Gah.
Guess I'd best head back into work. Gah 
Gah... feeling dizzy and nauseous  I think I'll go sleep the rest of the day X_x
Gah! Of course someone finds a Romancing foil when I'm out of credits  #packrat http://tinyurl.com/jo-efu-story
Gah!  Nightmare last night that @modwheelmood broke up 
Gah. I can't see 
Gah I think my doctor just laughed at me. She's usually so nice 
@lazyage wow, thats two awesome degrees mixed into one! Gah, im sure you'll do fine  just take it easy, dont overwork urself too much! 
@eksentrik Are you sure? Gah I'm really embarrassed now &gt;.&lt; If so, big thanks! Um.. it's Watashi ni xx Shinasai and Arisa? Again, thanks! 
@vilcsak Gah I don't know how!! What's the number? aaand I'll go shoppin 
Gah I'm so tired.  21 choices interview tomorrow!  Pray that I get the job please!   free yogurt from me to you if I get it 
mm-mmm ... Hawaiian and italian.  why is it that ive only just heard about it now? ... Working on creative arts paper ... Gah!
Gah I love TMH so much!!! It's one of my favesss ahhh!! Never get tired of it lol. Try to reach out to you, touch my hand!! 
Is anxious for this week. It feels like the end if an era. Gah. 
Gah! I can't wait for the 29th 
Gah! The photographers look so professional! 
@webaddict Gah! Some folks have all the luck.. 
@randomblonde i know! Damn McFlu! Gah! Lol 
@ninetyyy: Gah, so early for work! have fun lol, be positive 
Gah, earthquake. First thing I grabbed was my cat 
Marnin all,,,on me wayyy to traaaining! Gah. . . What a looong day i've got ahead of meeeh!  Xxx
@MelRyan Gah! Onto msn you must come soon!  xo
@explosivityy ...are ya home?! I did something stupid: accidentally deleted your contact info from my cell! Gah! So, are we on for tom? 
Gah, i need my TSCC dose today!!!! At least I read a really good new Janeron fic 
Gah, mean shizz. Yay friday tomorrow , should be fun hopefully.  Then prommmmm 
