Most common words for this cluster:
[('garden', 166), ('tree', 84), ('flowers', 67), ('grass', 62), ('lawn', 56), ('plants', 53), ('trees', 52), ('plant', 46), ('bee', 31), ('fruit', 30), ('lol', 28), ('strawberries', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hydrangea_blooms', 0.7844284176826477), (u'forsythia_bushes', 0.7703191041946411), (u'honeysuckles', 0.7677284479141235), (u'yucca_plants', 0.7584700584411621), (u'bloomed_profusely', 0.7546124458312988), (u'glads', 0.7545892596244812), (u'rosemary_bush', 0.7541595101356506), (u'maple_sapling', 0.7530584931373596), (u'tomato_vines', 0.7530547380447388), (u'asparagus_ferns', 0.7529518604278564)]





There's an inch of snow on the ground (and counting). I'm worried about the poor flowers 
I didn't see that many cherry blossoms this year 
@pezholio ah, likewise; had the pleasure of having a packet of stuffed vine leaves explode all over me though 
Cutting grass with dad, hayfever 
just saw a bunch of dead pigeons on the grass. I am now a horrid mixture of sadness and disgust. 
is killing trees... I mean downloading important educational research 
though i forgot my celery 
@cscisu that probably explains why i dont like it.  i hate fruity pebbles. 
@NOLAnotes ohh...don't like bell peppers 
I love the hyacinths &amp; daffodils that I put on my desk, but now I think the pollen is starting to affect me  allergies suck
awww.  my 2 pal wood pigeons just sat on their usual branch and it snapped 
aww so jealous...we have no milo  @audrey_s2
All my tomato and dill seedlings are dying 
@violets123 yeah I know same here,just cant it to do what I need 
I hate watching trees getting cut down...it depresses me!! 
@maltazep i miss those kinder easter eggs! i can never find them here 
Is looking out in the garden wondering if the chickens will be impressed if i destroyed their garden like theyre doing to mine 
@jenxstudios i wish i had showtime  weeds, dexter and the avns? great network!
@recurrence give em a present from me, i have had to replant three seedlings 
Watching @moospeare mow the lawns and feeling useless unable to help out 
One of my little neon fishies died     and was given a lovely funeral in a houseplant.
@birdchick I am glad you are safe, but now I worry for the prairie chicks 
I think my jade plant was hit with blight 
why didn't i have more candy apples in my childhood? 
@greenmonsterpoo My little bee!!! I miss youuu 
@elementalmuse i just cant find a vase 
@Pocketninjas i'm jealous you went to the cherry blossom festival 
btw, wanted to watch grey garden! but sadly missed it 
No flowers yet, though, on my native strawberry plants.  But it's probably early...
@HisEnormity oh no we won't get 2meet him  maybe you'll find him when udo the gardening so you'll have to be careful with the lawn mower!
@pseud0random sweeping garden = sweeping garden... sadly  [didn't know it meant something else!] hehe ;D
Holly-molly! Chilly peppers are the devil 
@jeffgerstmann I wish my cotton would be shiny. 
A bee just chased me 
@tcherryx  I ran out of greenery &amp; have no conect. 
One hour on the local clay court...worst tennis in many many years  The sun in low angle and no leaves on the trees=terrible light
@PatriciaMonkey lol, I love my dirt, love my gardens.  aw, I'm sorry you have concrete.  
so bored without the leafs playinggg 
One of my favourite trees has been butchered by some evil gardeners... 
i have hives, i think 
skilling herb again 
umm... guys, would like 2 point out, lawn pic really IS a lawn, as in grass in the garden. been pointed out 2 me u may have misunderstood 
http://twitpic.com/3nhhy - The best family pet ever, now in a sun drenched fruit garden in the sky 
i need ppl to text me with there numbers i lost al mine  booo. i hate painting garden furniture. 
hiding from the loggers attcking my rufus  i ovest my child in a oak
@FoodieTot You too?  I thought I was the only one pining for Asparagus and not finding it. 
I want a hammock. I've always wanted one. never got to. 
apple kept saying that  my signiture is invalid 
@pebbles1066 what's stopping you? 
they kicked us out at 11:30.  i didn't get to finish my pot.  
@Yams thanks!!  aww i miss you yams.
I am not allergic to my fave lilies.. Awww no more lilies? 
I ate too many carrots 
I don't want the parramatta eels to fold, who else would I support 
It's only 11 and I've already eaten all my carrots 
@BrandyandIce We cudn't get battery hens in the end  but the chooks are great, laid 2 more eggs today and roaming our garden 
@IamTam they should've given jasmine's spot to ricky. 
its so dark in here.... i miss the kelp bed. 
@hazel_joy indeed! Not fair. 
the friken bananas arnt ripe  it tastes awfull.
trying to make my goldfish well again  he's on a strict diet of garden peas and swim bladder meds - awww i wish he'd get better.
@casual_intruder I want strawberries 
I'm debating on whether or not I should go to the cherry blossom festival at the botanical gardens. It looks like it might rain today 
My little garden is growing nicely, but my spinach hasn't shown up yet   http://twitpic.com/4ekwb
@KFZuzulo Lilacs are so beautiful, I don't have those in my yard  I only have weeds lol
not staying in the ville this summer   also, hummus and veggie wraps will never cease to arouse my taste buds
 gotta mow the lawn...
gotta mow the lawn 
mowing the lawn 
karens outside trying to destroy the masonary bees nest they have built in the soil. 
I hate gardening i have to pull out all the weeds in my backyard  i'd rather look at the flowers the smell nicer
@Grooveecar  think that's called sod's law! 
Guess planting more flowers will have to wait until it's a little more dry outside. 
@ideasmithy - really???  I just headed out today to buy some parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme for you.. turns out you already have it
@theweaponislove  you need ibuprofen, oreos and an aloe vera plant.
We know more about shopping for the latest gadgets then we do about growing our own fruits &amp; vegetables. Slightly worrying 
@JenReyn i fully agree - yucky pine trees 
is passing a kidney stone 
I'm sooo mifted , grey clods ahead!!!!  grreat!!!
Not warm enough for brekky in the garden yet  still,looks nice out there #fb
@gillianre shoppings good though isn't it??? I'm planning on mowing the lawn  oh and buying some fish for my little pond. 
Magpies have just bullied the pretty small birds out of the silver birch. 
@iris_shormeh_m u used to call me snuggums 
Wanting to get out in the garden and the sunshine, I wish it wasn't so windy out there though 
Finaly finished removing my lovely terrace from weeds...hey sun, why do you stay in concealment???  
Aches and pains from Gardening 
ooooo ;( pushing daisies has finished 
the grass is getting greener and I'm heading to work 
I fell out of a tree 
@linehan actually loads is happening - we're making a mint. Although not that that means I'll see any of it 
Working in the garden, trying to make it nice.. Not very fun.. 
ugh hate tree pollen 
Just planted some lettuce and tomatoes. though I now have soil under my nails 
The customers are trickling in today.  Gardening in a drizzle, not so bad - in pouring rain, not fun at all! 
Has finished planing veggies in the garden, beans, spinich, carrots, shallots, caulifower and cabbage. Rhubarb taking over garden 
Cooking Gulasch soup in the garden.... 2 more hours 
Bahhhh.....no mushrooms 
Oh no - I think I've killed all my tomato seedlings. They've fallen over and withered up 
i'm so boring ... i wanna sleep  in chile is so cold !   brrrrrr! i need u ! 
sore just got done raking the whole lawn ouchies 
Allergies i hate you  and you dont help anything especially when i have three trees in my backyard with flowers on them 
@NetterB I avoided the pressure treated lumber and just fenced off an area to keep the bunnies out. Last year they ate my garden 
@bunnums   Hope you had a bag of frozen peas.
Just drove by olive garden @nwlynch 
it IS ... stop by and see it ... although the garden is a hot mess - needs to be weeded and the gardeners didn't mow the lawn last week 
I come back from throwing up a peanut desert I accidentally ate to see I'm being gossiped about 
ran out of eucalyptus drops. 
I'm a failure...didn't finish the garden 
@napsterxp Not today with this weather - searching in ivy covered trees or nettles is bad enough in the dry 
argh cut myself while peeling apples for apple crumble 
My plant survived, but its flower did not. 
@vampdavegrohl Lolz in that pic you can see me leaning on my cane ominously in the background.....cane miss u 
myth or fact: there are male and female trees/plants?  yup doing biology 
@hummingbird604 A wooden thingy! That's what I need. I tried to use a plastic fork today and one of the tynes broke off in the eggs! 
wondering how to make my orchid bloom. it hasn't ever since i got it 3 years ago.. 
so windy here the robin's nest on our front porch in the fake forsythia wreath got blown down. 3eggs ruined 
my cactus died 
says 2.3% left until completion, then all the seeds suddenly disappeared...  http://plurk.com/p/strco
just made chocolate covered strawberries, had too many already  i feel sick
watching catch me if you can, lonely in palmetto, fl! 
Owwwww i'm so sunburned  I look like a cherry
I'm going 2 bring my mom flowers wen I c her in the grass at da cemetery 2moro! 
oh, i couldnt find a vase, so i had to put the flowers in a pitcher.  
after work; yummy trees i can taste that ttthc. w/ crystalbear and cousinbear &lt;3 i miss my yaya ! 
I don't want to go home. The tulips are too pretty. 
I'm so bad with plants I can't even keep African Violets which are supposed to be really easy to maintain... 
Right if I don't move now then I never will!!  Plus I have to cut the grass 
My cherry tree has the tiny black bugs again 
I have hay fever 
i think so, nurse @jellybeansoup ...it's tingley now. i couldn't find a doc leaf  like fudge do they grow together
Car boot sale this morning, picked up a few nice herbs, now off to allotment - those weeds are growing better than my vegetables 
@mrs_flowers 
no flowers tho 
Has just spent the afternoon attacking trees and brambles in the garden. Now onto coursework  #bramblesfightback
@kirakirastudio damn!  im pulling thorny weeds out of my garden so... ((((
but my main need is to water my veggie garden so i dont think I can use it 
is sad i miss my papaw so much 
@SummerSunRays I didnt enjoy it, but it destroyed the lawn 
I can't find the roses anymore. That is messed up 
@_secretgarden_ I'm well but have been bitten this morning by a blooming insect in the garden  How's about you?
@mark32i5b but still a tree! Not good 
@BellaBaita no garden calling me...it is dull and grey 
@billythekid me too, no real garden so in flat, need to be repotted but don't wanna thin them out again  LOL it'll be ages before fruit
@lucyclare: I'm sorry for accidentally giving you palm oil! 
Today I went to a rose garden in a park. I couldn't take good pics,coz it was so windy  But they were at their best and beautiful!! 
@majesdane How'd you get poison ivy? That sucks 
absolutely DISGUSTED by the moron neighbors pouring cancer-causing chemicals all over the lawn. 
The deer ate my hibiscus!  (completely!) 
wild mushroom soup wish I could have found fresh wild mushrooms in the woods    http://bit.ly/Twsrz
moldy hay 
my mudy plum 
still miss pushing daisies though 
so I've managed to 'deflate' my cactus.  
Theres a zombie on my lawn 
Supposed to be planting some tomato, purple sprouting and flowers today, but tis raining 
@therealsavannah a bunch of taylors fans are waiting for her outside the rose garden (me included)  we're colllld. you're lucky.
@whatacatchmandi why would you not get the cherry? 
ivy still won't talk to me 
Finally a little sunshine - Trying to paint the garden fence which is sooo difficult  when it rains 
@Llubyloo blackbirds especially... think it will rain very soon tho, getting rather dark out there ... 
when am i going back to my mooshy  i miss my boy so much i could lick my elbow while growing beard &amp; moustache &amp; mushrooms &amp; brinjals!!!
eating apple + watching harry potter. fucking cold is getting on my nerves now big timee 
my petals fell off 
Mourning the loss of a lovely old mulberry tree on the perimeter of the parking lot where I work. 
Every one if the light bulbs in my batheroom is out. The last one just went out.  http://twitpic.com/5cz0v
A robin's egg fell out of the tree onto my car. 
Oh no! I think I killed a tree by murderously pruning it last autumn...no buds...bad news. 
My amaryllis died 
@Joerup I'm the same with plants, I've managed to kill two bonsai trees. 
Getting ready to mow the lawn, yay! Not... 
@H0llyhart eric dill is so hot 
no chamomile tea  but lemon grass ftw
@Sparkly82 I completely second that! It's doing my tree in now! 
got rid of the aphids, but harmed the plants in the process 
@LaRees I just checked and it looks we are sold out already   I think they are perennials just not very hardy.
I miss my bumble bee 
result......... still no berry! 
@aligno My oats this morn had weevils in them  boo
Official announcement: I'm out of strawberries 
@ayefightbears Just tried it. talked with some dude about fruit. he disconnected me   I think i find fruit more exciting than most do..
sad: #savechuck was not about saving pushing daisies 
@jfolkmann Inspired by your garden, we planted lots of multicoloured carrots. Due to slugs &amp; weather, only about 3 seedlings remain 
@unclewilco they must be hiding from me  not pleased, have meadow instead of a beautifully manicured lawn grrr
 My cornflowers have all drooped! I hope they survive!
undecided....E63 or N95? hay 
@AkaAsh21 what? You're cheating on me with @chiles47? 
Trying hard not to eat cadbury's clusters sitting next to me 
How come whenever I hang the washing out it empties down?! There's 2 very sad looking guniea pigs in my back garden 
@lilyroseallen i hate it when a bee actually gets inside the can. It weirds me out 
Where is spring? They are forecasting 30-35 degrees F here tonight! I'll have to cover up my seedlings! 
going to cut grass 
mowing the lawn 
@itsonlywords Thats sad about the trees!  I lost about 4 evergreens here too! They just died for some reason! 
awe my bamboo plant died  lol
just watched starlings shredding her plants 
I've had so many mangoes, I feel like I'm cheating on watermelons 
citrus-extract tastes no good 
no apple farm, 
@Rhubarb31 Lol, I really didnt want 2 get up and take the kids 2 school 2day, I wanna go back 2 bed  xx
On the buss too busch gardens and its rainingg 
is annoyed that i cant go to the secret garden party!! bubblewrap popping sounded fun  x
@robnubis  maybe you have hay fever?
...so much to do today - hope it rains so that my garden gets some water - my hose is broken and been using a watering can  ...not fun!
My doggies have eaten the thyme plant I had grown 
i think my garden has more grass in it than parts of my front yard.  
just cuttin down my garden hedge! got a skelf 
@theTRu It's always the sparkplug, or at least on my old lawn mower that was the case, now I have no lawn 
sad that my four leaf clover plant isnt growing 
@mint910 I feel so left out 
Aw all my peaches are gone! 
@roseenright ...will try and visit and bring you grapes and flowers after my exams, though they dont finish till the 3rd  *virtual grapes*
DAM stinging nettles owwwwww they hurts 
@Sdoe777 awww sorry. If it helps, I only got a sip.  he realized I had it and asked fir it back. Lmfao!
whelk tumefy 
planted 6 big planters full of veggies for the new condo. still, I'm going to miss my garden here 
is missing my timothy 
@HauteCowgirl I don't think so.  But it would at least kill two birds with one stone.
@Sandyybabyy I'm underneath a tree. 
I'm afraid of traffic cones.  I don't like driving near them.  They freak me out. 
i think its time to go sleep the dayy off...my lips hurt really bad from sunflower seeds 
My poor cactus garden is dying. 
@leafiness me either 
@joannasas penge corn  I want corn  gimme corn  parang bata....heheheheh
@princess_oats this is happening to me too 
@johneast I've missed one this year(!). It's the forbidden fruit. Of all the trees in the garden I munch in disappointment on that one. 
i wish i was at @angelcore's burning trees and trying on dresses... 
My cucumber has gone limp 
back soon, need to run to the shops and cut the grass 
has got grass all over him 
just been in the garden but i was being attacked by bugs so i came inside 
 I killed my dill plant again. Why does this happen with dill? It is doing great then suddenly it's dead. http://tinyurl.com/mlh4f5
being far too vigorous with pruning and regretting the removal of too many cucumber flowers off cucumber plant.   
This is a joke surely? http://prune.it/WEAt 
sad today...neighbour taking down beautiful willow tree 
gross. it's hot, and there's cotton EVERYWHERE.. hello allergies. 
@insidebooks Ooh, jealous. I just have yoghurt and some carrots. 
@sunflower_seeds dude don't say that 
@the5thletter i love dixie kitchen's peach wings and fried green tomatoes  i hope the one by river oaks stay open.
I don't think the neti pot is working for me  maybe I'm doing it wrong?
@mytvnetwork pansy  wtf codeh?!
@chezpim they are terrible little beast but if the garden is small you can simply collect them, or you can buy poisonous food pellets 
my tree tipped over in the lawn 
just broke a vase that i didn't even get a chance to use 
is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm! 
Just got stung by nettles lol in about 3 fingers  and I mean come on that dude with the apples needed to step it up a notch!
I think I killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not. 
i got stung. by a bee. 
on my way out the door to finish putting veggie plants in my garden,after it was demolished by birds/rabbits last wk 
Nearly ran over a pheasant on the driving lesson  Baws.
Mowing #6. I hate my lawn 
@dezurita nooo it was a real mushroom! but our neighbor uprooted it 
@lemonchild45 what's the matter chickadee? 
@sunflower_seeds 
looks like there will be a storm! weeheehee love the smell of the soil, but it means that the earthworms will drown 
Eating strawberries always reminds me of my boo, and right now I'm eating the most gigantic strawberries I ever did eat... 
Hoping this isn't a kidney stone 
just realized that i left a whole bunch plates, bowls, and vases @ my pottery class from last summer...  i miss them now.
@whore_hay Aww, those were nice clues too.  
@KellieBach I want chocolate covered strawberries u bitch!! U held out till I left  u melted the dark didn't u urghhhhh!!!!!!  I miss u!!
sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sow sorrrrry dady 
@liamlager Noes has none of that  I wish I did though...I love those crunchy nut clusters.
About to smoke the last of my weed! I'm fucked 
@MrMykie I think i may of just growed grass again....my carrots have no actuall carrots on the end 
@littlemunchkin she's too small to come out yet  yes its lily
Nursing another sodding belly ache 
@kcarruthers they can if their 'feet' stay wet - pots don't drain like soil 
in the garden, soaking up the rays and revising  *wonders why boys are so mean!*
@JohnGordon09 I want to sit in the garden too 
is going to go sit in the garden...mums not ready to take me shopping yet 
In work it feels like an oven  the whole of clydebank is wanting paddling pools and hoses and plant pots and sunlougers! Why dear god why?
I'm afraid to say that the garden hedge might have beaten me, I've been on it all morning now. 
Mowing the lawn 
why is it so hard 2 play sassafras roots on bass   darn.... -_-
Sitting on the hammock revising 
I have to get to home depot and get a smalltiny light bulb..... 
I want to go to the missouri botanical garden 
 just been attacked by a massive bee
@_nixon  at least they aren't being allergic to peanuts hives... kill me now 
@lee_garland ooooh! You ruffian!!! I've got another hour to go in the hothouse before I can make tracks to the garden!!! 
says hay  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/x8d4x
@onion2k That sounded so wrong 
I woke up after a nightmare about my plants dying (yeah...), only to discover that I had broken out in hives. I still have no insurance. 
@gailhyatt   ahhh must be nice, my petunias are starting to fry in this heat  but the roses are doing ok!
just got done cutting the grass... well almost done i ran out of gas 
enjoying the sunshine - but wishing my garden wasn't so popular with the neighbourhood children 
I have to go mow. 
Just threw away my bouquet. 
I miss the prairie. 
Sitting in the garden revising and I'm b o r e d 
@Monarchdancer I wish they were! I have ant traps in the pots and that isn't working 
FINALLY got the grass cut!!  
uugh..i wish my toes weren't still painted green apple 
@yelyahwilliams answer me hay  i'm brazilian fan,i love you so much. when you return to brazil?
I wish i was at the strawberry festival right now 
going to pull more dandelions...pretty soon i'll have no lawn 
I got hives  They r really itchy.
@Elricom Wow you poor sod 
http://twitpic.com/69qk0 - No sparkly vampires in this meadow 
so no cukes, no peppers, no lettuces, very few heirloom tomatoes.  looks like my fave local farm IS going bankrupt. town bought 1/2 land
@TruckerDesiree wish I were up there me been cutting grass trimming shrubs  it is so hot and humid.
I love raspberries. I could eat them for all meals of the day. I miss having a raspberry bush. 
Oh dear, I bought some tulips this afternoon and forgot to put them in water. They've gone all droopy, I hope they revive 
@_rachaelll no, I was in the garden but sadly I could hear it 
@burrrbank @acorns_lamppost Lanterns! ooooooh asian foooood. I'm hungry now  itunes store is bad for the wallet very very bad
@BillTXBK no I just miss you  wish I could be there at the vineyard but we'll c u soon and have Caesars?
waterfight in my garden = ssoooooooo much fun however sun burn = majoer setback 
weiks, i'm out of weeds..  think i should back with the trad one, SAMSOE !!
@therealsg ants also love lemon tarts 
Crying over my poor little lost strawberries. The gardeners cut them down. 
They ate all my watermelon 
leaving for a weeding 
Mowing the lawn sucks  I wish my lawn was emo so that it could cut itself!
@blisstree i can't believe my fave - honey bunches of oats - isn't on that list!  
@elin0r I have a calamansi tree but the dog ate the tree. I am sad 
I have much grains, i'm scared 
@terenoddo you are actually, sadly, correctly right   I am working on adding some leafy greens...
The sun isn't coming up...my tomato plant is growing. 
just been out in the garden sunbathing. shoulders and chest is so burned its so sore  ha.
Feeling sleepy. I wish my grapes were frozen already. 
Little cilantro plant was doing so well! Then slugs had to come eat it 
he not goin for the banana in the tailpipe....he said he'll stick to his ports 
@ryee40007 I'm upset because I want some beets. 
i cut the grass today and i got stung by a damn bee  i hate all bees!!!!
there's a deer in my driveway, eating birdseed. she only has 3 legs 
@mhaithaca I missed the original daisy 
listening to the crows playing against hawthorne and they seem to me choking in the 3rd quarter as usual 
I'm really not fond of creepers. 
I twitted earlier, saying usually by noon i'll be getting ready to go out. Bt not today  boring..
@lipstickvegan Ever sprout the mango seeds and gow ur own mango trees? http://is.gd/KpWz I would if I was 1200 miles more south. 
There are about 40 rooks at the end of my garden crowing over a dying bird they're going to eat  they woke me up &amp; they are scaring my ...
@pearlofthesea_ I KNOWWW.  snip
strawberry festival tomorrow!!...no strawberry daiquiris there though  finally feeling bettaaa
dizzy, nearly slipped in the grass, and almost fell off the top of the fence. 
@moanyboot just tell him to clear off you should be able to enjoy the sunshine in the privacy of your own garden 
I miss having a garden. 
@botticellirejct I didn't hear about it through the grapevine 
Out sunbathing in the garden. I wish someone would rub some suncream into my back. Its one of those hard-to-reach areas 
I want to go out in the sun but have no garden and all my playmates are busy  will welcome any suggestions of outdoor activities!!
There's a bee 
Outside in the garden making daisy chains!!!! Loving the sun , shame about the wind 
i'm really enjoying the hot sun in my wonderful garden. BUT there's a child in the neighborhood who plays on the flute. it's horrible 
studying the plantations!!!!  they're sooooooooo boring!!!!!
I think I'm killing my peppers 
@cernest i was just thinking of you the other day when i walked past a huuuuuge field of clovers. i didnt see any 4-leaf ones 
just got stung by a bee! 
I have aphids on my rosebush  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aphid
tomato blight got my once admired plant. doesn't look like I'll save it 
finishing my leaf collection!!!! 
I am back to sewing.. really want to b planting flowers outside but hubbie says it isn't in the budget 
@chattykathy43  have to mow the lawn when i get home.
@jbranigan I planted my tomatoes in my container garden. I may have to get some flowers, my seeds don't seem to have sprouted 
Bugs on my flowers  bastards.
Is allergic to hay 
@sebbity seeeeeb I still can't log on  p.s. I went to get some tomatoes and they were closed booooo
@maryjanewatson I'm passing kidney stones 
i think i over-watered my thyme  it's not looking too good. but my jalapeno plant is going strong. still waiting on lavender to sprout.
@_SophieGraham paddy has gone missing too  x
@ramdass I wouldn't even want to be around a durian fruit. 
is recoving after heavy duty gardening 
@a_willow I want to so badly but I'll never make it to 50 
I tried to grow some herbs (from seed) on my deck. I failed 
@wethekelsey mwommy is allergic to strawberries... waa 
I wish I had a bloody garden,hard to get a tan in here 
really big bee beside of  me 
allergeys  the dogwood trees are out to get me
i feel like a mimosa &amp; laying out with a magazine, but its 10 degrees too cold 
Off to cut the grass 
@KirstyPrescott eep.  that's not nice. burn all the plants? that might help?
@AffirmingSpirit that is so sad that the little kitty has to resort to eating twigs 
got another flat of veggies to plant from the flea market: yellow tomatoes, eggplant, corn, and cauliflower, but no herbs 
I'm addicted to plants vs zombies 
@champions5xeuro got some sun after work, been relaxing in the garden with a few beers but have now run out 
@Hedgewytch I might plant an oak where the rowan once stood. I want my birds back 
I did have some fresh strawberries and had great ideas - until I saw the empty strawberry box in the kitchen earlier....  
R.I.P david berry :'(   
The futility of moving nearly dead plants to barely fertile soil, to disappoint with their half-hearted looms 
Is cutting the grass. 
Grass cutting = sore back. Gardening fail .. 
Dealing with high pollen count 
Helping dahlia move 
All the ninas in pine lawn aren't even old enough to look at.. I miss the south and the county! 
i dont have enough plants for tomorrow stupid cold and no sun  lots of thistles though and thank goodness for the lambsquarters...
is failing at abusin hazel 
In the 40 min I was in the garden planting lettuce, I ended up with 65-70 mosquito bikes.  I am a walking mass of itch.
@Haveitsweet are the mallows very sticky? i have a temporary crown 
I dont want to eat an oyster 
I didn't get to finish cutting grass...i think i broke my friends push mower (again)...I hope not...i have no luck with lawn mowers 
Aww, there's a cat stuck in the tree 
Making the realization that the itchy spots on my arms are probably poison oak 
@DamianGrounds We have loads of different bumblebees in the garden but honey bees, except for the occasional wild one, are very rare. 
cyclers in xul trees so poorly documented on devmo I can't figure out how they work 
My poor plants  they're probably smashed all over the ground by now. I hope they don't fly over the fence lol
is missing her bumblebee but do not know what to do 
there was dirt in my broccoli 
@Roveer I bet you can't wait can you? The weather is gorgeous can't we all go and sunbath in the garden again? I'm here until 6 too 
the sunshine &amp; garden is calling, but not so much fun without my girlies 
Off to cut the grass...wow hayfever and cutting grass...not like im rubbing my nose in it. 
is kind of upset her roommate parked on the lawn again, and this means consequently he's parked on my garden 
@jasonprini i planted seeds just before all that frost. i think my garden is dead.  well, at least my raspberries are alright
@matthbooth I wish I were able to enjoy that luxury, alas, no garden 
going to revise in the garden now.  cosmological argument 
@jmao311 @GarberIsRad the bumblebee tuna commercial for me 
Starting to break out in hives again...*sigh. 
i wanna have a bbq. but we have no garden  i'm so fucking bored. i really need a hobby
 something tore up my tomato plant last night. Immediately suspect raccoons. salvaged some green ones to fry.
My cactus died. It's really quite depressing to think that I'm less nurturing than a desert 
just ordered some areca palm and lady palm for my office. should (hopefully) help with the awful air quality. I know v little abt plants 
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them 
I wish growing grass was as easy as designing a brochure for me. I'd have one helluva lawn. 
As if there aren't enough blackberries to go around! The ppl on the corner put up a removable fence to ward off pickers. 
@onezumi I love frosted mini wheats... 
have hives 
@ArcadianDreams I'm trying interplanting nasturtiums all through my veggies to hopefully keep the bag bugs away. like the squash borers. 
@thebrassbunny you have a nice vase 
off to mow the bloody lawn 
im depressed cause i killed my evergreen tree.. i was planning on growing a forest 
im depressed cause i killed my evergreen tree.. i was planning on growing a forest 
@jamesjohnknott i want a hammock 
my dad just poured a bucket of water over me.. can't even sit in the garden in peace!!!  lol
also I feel dirty because everyone has been asking me if it's true I have smut and aphids (my yield assay) 
@akaczers not so much there's a smell of governmental politics blocking my nostrils from smelling the sweet fruit 
@hazel_joy awww  at least its not raining!
@Artytypes I've had about 3 litres of water today, I've been sitting in the conservatory and it's like a greenhouse 
@drew_hardy 
S just asked me to go in to the garden so she 'could have some peace'! I know when i'm nor wanted 
@TiffanySaucyPR At the plantation 
Just leaving high meadow. 
@MarthaStewart dear martha why are there flourishing lilacs for miles and mine (5 yr old) has only three blooms and appears stunted 
@joeymcintyre i want to suck the nectar 
@ElizabethBanks Aww.  *offers you a moist moist towelette*
@gardenorganic do you just hand pick caterpillars? they're destroying my broccoli crop 
My carrots are frozen 
@ohheyemma ewwwwwyyy i hate creepers like that 
@ladybug8320 We've got some of the large poppies in our garden at the moment - must try and catch them before the rain hits them 
Who knew that excessive amounts of cherries could give u the runs? I didnt 
after 2 very sour mangoes, ive realized that i cant tell when mangoes are ripe enough 
Oh no!  They are mowing the grass... I'm done for in 15 mins 
I got stung by a bee 
@kaelaxzero let's just say that it wasn't a lovely bunch of coconuts  
@pumpkin  it's a great language. But yes, it really can be hateful sometimes.
I am so fucking tired I could cry.. and I have to make this cabbage 
I have little tomatoes growing! But bugs are chewing my poor pepper plant to pieces. 
Waiting for the stupid bus. Its so hot  im standing under a tree in the shade but its not helping much
@xpb wtf, strawberry avalanche isnt even on itunes. I love owl city.  Danggggg.
@SheliShawn - I think I got it all, but now it won't let me ploy or plant. 
I love raspberries but not studying for french 
watching an old one tree hill, nathan used to be such a meanie 
I am about to get really grouchy, storms coming in heavy, peonies are going to fall over 
@straw_berry_ that I made it awake doesnt mean I have it right  the boreness was huge
got stung  guess those 4 leaf clovers didnt work so well
I feel like a douchey tree. 
I'm watching garden state and it reminds me off jeff. I miss him 
I have had it with powdery mildew and aphids.  So much for fresh baghali polo; the dill needs to go 
i wish mini wheats were frosted on both sides 
@applegamble So am I! We're peasants. 
got so burn't today, i may look like a cherry tomato. 
Rolling in grass = itchy ellie 
@ash_riot @GoldLeader i just wikipediad smegma 
@iamjonathancook i will! We should get snow cones. Too bad they are not open 24/7 
@Leafybear  just as it got dark so no garden
@kadambariyer meaning garland of flowers, which flora should I rest on your grave? 
#thailand rain is horizontal here (suan siam). mango tree appears drunk. plants scattered every which way. more destructive testing 
I'm sooo drained  in the nursery.
@Botanicalls0088 that's sad 
We are sad to hear that the bumble bee may be going extinct as a result of pesticide farming.  
@melodysong you bad bad girl. I had a tomato instead  chomp chomp chomp
a bumblebee tried to kill me!! 
@josianna awww, I hate it when I lose a plant 
Wants coco pops  but has to make to with corn flakes blurgh
hill walked, hedge trimmed, grass mown now to get ready for work!! boy soooo don't want to do this bit 
@toria_burford lol, no he's not. There's a bumblebee near me in the workroom I'm in and I'm bricking it 
8 years without medication. Now thanks to the dirty farmer nearby spraying their crops I'm dosed up on all sorts 
i want to sunbathe in the garden but there are some pervy builders in next door's garden 
Pretty pink ponies (alliteration!) and castles and carriages ha ha ha I want a fairytale! It's late and I have tons of things to get done 
i wish i could eat a huge bowl of capn crunch berries right now but these cavitys i got will deffinatly bark at me 
officially gonna have to buy some netting for my strawberry plants.   something has been munching on them. 
@maoglone and there are a few left leaning areas remaining, rabbit hash being the last open gathering that i know of.  
My bamboo is dying. 
Just mowed the lawn!!  Not one of my favourite jobs! How's the grass grow so quickly...there hasn't been any rain??
@CreativeArtSoul  I would let my husband prune our large hedges for that very same reason. So sad 
Every one survived the transplant except the snapdragons  my favorites.
@michellecorona you belong with me in la, I misssss our fruit adventures 
i hate twitter now. ppl stalk here 
@northernrach you can't get in in newc  and there proper lush!
@shop668 i'm not sure if i'll be able to come to your quince 
I either have sunburn or poison ivy 
watered the lawn about and hour ago, it is now raining, discovered that watering the lawn flooded part of the basement 
#redwings lost 
@Jaaamerz what's wrong bud? 
 #p1wimax no signal detected here at the gardens
@JennySomsin What's wrong w woody? He's sick 
Still has hay fever 
Worrying about grass, now we've got too much and sadly know of 3 horses down with laminitis in the area, we've gone from famine to feast 
continuing, if at all they think about the # of yrs that took for the tree to develop that huge branch hlding generations of birds' nest 
@woollywotnots I do have a canopy, the problem is the whole festival is an outdoor affair, so no one is going to come 
I want green mangoes. 
@rebeccashearing the builders woke you up, imagine being woken up by a lawn mower!!! haha. i was so pissed off i know went to bed at 5:30 
is angry at the pollen! 
is unintentionally kiling all the indoor plants 
Bt now i have to revise chemistry 
Our neighbour just cut our grass - It was 3ft high and looked like meadow. Now I have to clear about a tonne of grass with a wheelbarrow 
My fish keep dying in fish tycoon 
@janetwro it happened to us. We found a very dead frog in the watering can 
I am pealing sooo muchh!! I feel like a potato being pealed-the Hamptons burnt me  lol
just murdered a cherry 
@onion2k 
My hunny bunches of oats  they're all gone.
some of my strawberries were squashed 
A bird just died in my garden! It flew into a window, scaring me, then died!! 
i want a cherry bakewell 
@moyf never played squash 
Does not like the rain... I wanted to plant my flowers 
Just finished an appointment with an arborist...lots of my trees have to come down  http://www.kennandcompany.com
the city is cutting down my huge beautiful pine trees!! bastards!  they  were my favorite. fuckers. i miss the country.
My plant didn't make it through the storm   It fell off its hook and a lot of the flowers fell off
banana split blizzard pleeeeease 
@curlyroller i can't be trusted with houseplants OR goldfish. 
@inklore It's cotton. 
mowing the lawn 
I feel like a slave about to go pick blueberries for who knows how long. 
waited too long to eat my strawberries...they went bad 
bradford pear tree. worst tree ever!! had to cut down a tree @ 7am. not fun 
I miss my bumble bee 
should not have touched the hay 
Also my bedding plants are perking up! (and being nibbled on  ) And my seedlings are finally starting to sprout!
back to work, no squash blossoms 
@Cookleta the balcony.....i'm allergic to the flowers there 
@kevingonenuts it's a bunch of daisies outside the library 
a bee was chasing me earlier 
@Graydancer Sounds yummy, but I am allergic to mold + fungi in most forms, so the mushrooms would have to not be on it... 
@pomegranates  awww, sorry to hear that. they are such delicate creatures 
Pretty sure my tomato plants are being taken over by fungal blight.  I'm pretty ticked off.  
i killed my basil plants.  planting new ones.
@littlesealgrl awww our little corn is growing up so fast 
has hay fever eyes and the sniffiles!  not good!
why is it cloudy outside? its june.  i want sun and beaches &amp; palm trees. &amp; the ocean.
My mama bear mulberry tree just got chopped. 
Just ate applejacks. They didnt taste like apples 
Why will no~one climb to the top of my apple tree &amp; pick me 
@hoangatang No Fairr  I wanaa bee u x
treating my corns 
@pinecone534 You're mean 
omg one tree hill was so so sad 
I made too strong squash 
@7726 we keep doing it they keep coming back if they came through my berry I could report it as spam but on the site you can only block  
I think my plum tree died. 
is being used  so how du i nip this in the bud???
all out of blueberries 
@alba17 I want donut 
@mint910  come back soooooon! #20BoySummer
slumber party w/3 11 y/os.lots of shrieking. must put rhubarb crisp on to do list. rain 2morrow?  want to put in marigolds &amp; move chives.
@simoncurtis i wish i was at the grove right noww  will you say hi to everyone for me please 
We're expecting frost tonight.      I've covered as much of my garden as I can. Now I just cross my fingers.
@BambiBlue aw, we are at stones place 
@willielongnthik rite! so now im eatin grapes wit a gls of water!  lol
@nickdrewe That little grassy patch with the tree is beautiful. Makes me sad that it's all built over now 
The apple kiwi flavored halls are delicious but gave me a sore on my tongue. 
@treesandshrubs which is why we have a ginko tree! Just nowhere to put it. It was a gift and it's still in its pot. 
@KellieCohen no apples 
just played dating ariane for like ever. she is such a hoe 
@discuit LOL same here we were going to go to B&amp;Q to get a greenhouse too 
@laurax4trees @bebasaurus hey. So guess what I remembered tonight?!?!?  I miss you.
Ugh. I hate restringing floyd roses  I guess I'll just play L4D.
feeling very thirsty @ woodlands library 
@AngelaRudd we're waiting for an appointment at the allergy clinic but early indications are dairy and all fruit except bananas 
@kimiecat - The strawberry plants grow ok but I can't get them to fruit much.  The did briefly but the snails got to 'em before  could 
Just got out of the hospital.. and has 2 kidney stones.  
searching for flowers to draw/colour coz i really want to do this painting, it's been so long since i've painted 
The rain is good for my garden, but it also means my sister will chicken out of joining me at the big farmers market 
OH no but it does not walk on water because its not made by apple.......  LoL 
Getting ready to mow grass. 
why am i perpetually hungry?  bahh. i want avocados right now. they never sell avocados here off-season ;_;
The bear came back in the backyard. I scared him away (via pennies in a coffee can and yelling).  I guess no picking cherries today.   #fb
If I was to be a dwarf right now I would be sneezy 
we had a mighty storm apparently! my poor baby tomato plants were not happy when I checked on them! 
I look like a tomato... No joke... 
I'm excited because my little herb plants have sprouted... all but one.    The one that I dropped.
Another huge storm flooded our garden, fucked with the flowers, &amp; made our stones all dirty. 
@tylerkiros And you are the apple to my jacks. I can't respond becauseyou are not following me 
My mint plant is wilting. I'm a bad plant mommy 
butterfly fly away  hit the trees and die  song is awesome btw , i love 
In my backyard, and there are a lot of bumble bees. I don't like bees 
planting flowers...still not warm out 
this barley stick is making me feel sick... 
Headed home.. Blehh my eyes feel like they're filled with grass...I'm allergic to grass 
All my illadelph peoples moved out the 215... now I have zero access to trees 
i hate mowing the lawn. 
@JayElectronica I can't imagine ditchin my berry!! 
ooh got some nice pots for my acers as well and a rose bush in memory of losing dad nearly a year ago 
haventt bee on twitterr forr agezz! not well  xx
@deepwaterscoach Planting a few peppers and some tomatoes. But I ended up with all peppers 
Mowing... I ran over a bee. 
@ carbonnet  poison oak or ivy? I am so sorry bout the rash. 
dressing strategically for the wedding, to hide my hives  heh
I ate a tomato that tasted like poison! 
I hate breaking in new reeds 
My dad found two little birds in our plants, and they cant move  poor birdies.
http://twitpic.com/6s9xy - so i tried to make it prettier with strawberries...i dont think it worked very well 
depressed that I am about to have to go outside and mow 
My plants are dying, I am a crappy gardner 
all other midget palms in d 'hood r bursting w fronds n flowers, practically levitating, belting out sunshine. mine's a defectiv one 
redwings 3-0  
I missed the herb festival 
I hate grass, dust and trees! ugh my eyes and nose! 
damn. i just picked a crusty piece of onion leaf out of my hair. 
Just left olive garden and now we're stuck in traffic 
@LIVESTRONGCEO 5 - 0 redwings after 2 periods. go pens 
Trying to draw lilacs. Proving to be very difficult 
Getting out of the tree now. 
@NoRaptors noooooo begging  i hate that. I'm such a pansy
Haha the second one. I had to use cotton balls 
@luckylauren its behind the trees 
@capturingclouds  cheer up buttercup!
@mhilgemann left. He might turn into a pumpkin. 
@kbushling what?! what happened to the herbs   too hot? too cold? too dry?
At flortine gardens wanting to go home so bad 
@sreeyesh  sad. Some of my neighbours are good, we share our garden produce, others just steal.
The sunflower probably got too much water, that's a damn shame. It was such a nice flower 
My taste-buds are not working properly! 
is going back out to shovel mulch 
is replanting my cucumbers . . .  . . . (frost got 'em)
All my fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them  
Whoopsy daisy!!! Not good  http://twitpic.com/6tsrs
leaving for berry 
@spiller2 no unfortunately missing it all -have to work 
@naturalpod Have any tips...began an organic garden yesterday and the birds have begun to pick at my seedlings 
@sophiemcflyx YUCKY. I hate lettuce, it tastes like grass... 
Just nearly been attacked by a bee 
I am chilly..don't want to mow the lawn 
washington oaks...yay 
Slugs and snails have eaten all my baby lettuces  =( :&lt;  I dont like snails and slugs,I'm sure they dont like me either
they're giving my favourite tree a haircut.  by taking down some i conic branches
just realized i never planted my evergreen tree.  ill have to get a pot for it soon.
is watching the *surprise* hailstorm pounding her flowers...  
I think the tomato plant is offiicially dead. The pitcher plant doesn't look too good either. 
Magpies have destroyed our blackbird's nest, no more eggs 
@likegallows i had toffuti and strawberries yomyomyomyom but twittertxt doesnt like me 
@earnestgirl hives 
no berries to pick 
i really really really want to go to the sherwood pines mcfly gig 
The beekeeping demo at the cloisters had no bees  but it did have honey :^)
Is at victoria gardens : / again..... Urghhhh 
@whatatotaldrag  your cacti
is sad that my flowers resemble tossed salad after the hail 
@donnierossko they had those but I didnt get any  got a big bag of peaches for $9 though!
I miss his scent! 
Why do I have to have a bladder the size of a walnut. 
@coldnosephoto Not me... I'm driving around with an inch of tree-crap on top of mine. 
My plants are dying faster than farah fawcett 
I'M HUNGRYY!  even tho I just had 2 eggs with tomatoes! I know random... x)
@karlaisfresh where's my loveee?  i got you cucumbers!
waiting for my hoe to come back 
failed with the butterfly diet again 
@ohrebecca twitpic not work, cannot see your double cones 
@KeviKev I find the bouquet to be lacking as well...but I guess you wouldn't know. 
what can I do about the white spots on my sage?  #help #herb
peaches is sold out 
I hate having no pot 
@laurakins but but but i love bell peppers.  
I don't like it when creepers follow me 
I just stepped on a sunflower seed.. You would think that wouldn't hurt.. But it did 
@adccfighter I just looked...We have no cucumbers... 
how do i save my dying plant? 
you jerk allen! no weed left for me  @FuckingAllen
owiepains  *healing pot*
@Jahaiira mee too !1 i love this song !!! but i dont eating strawberries !! 
@c_shells no  I started watching late.
my julie mangoes are getting nice and ripe    there is a bird's nest in my mango tree  
@carleazy what!!! without me???  remember follow the palm trees. don't be fooled by the decoy
@vindee  Made those peaches into a crumble of sorts. No one really likes peaches here. Not buying them anymore. 
@michaelmagical awww where are the flowers? 
I want some fruity pebbles. 
Another houseplant bites the dust 
If only the new hp touchsmart was made by apple 
@francesca7 adventureland!!! where did u get it from ive bee trying to download it 
@bloodyc where are my red roses??? u didn't give me any  sniff sniff
@bibblybobs nooes  well, maybe. we can have a barbeque in my back garden 
i actually thought that the eels could have won. i guess i thought wrong. 
back in potter forest...big f**k off bee chased me for about a min  not impressed &amp; moved from haystack 
@JoBenhamu looks pretty, unfortunately, I'm not a fan of fruit, so I miss out 
listening to candles(hey monday).. 
i'am working hard    ouais j'suis o boulot koi...
i'm craving eggs and soliders again! ... not much I can do being microwave-less 
OUCH! Just been stung by a bee 
the rain is coming - I can smell it and temp has dropped...no cutting ribbon in the garden for me then  
http://twitpic.com/7gjxh - I miss peaches 
is bored out of her tree in the library waiting for RS at 3 o'clock.... bad timesss  !!
@3thbi Then keep remindin me cuz I got a memory of a gold fish 
My body is hurting from riding all those crazy roller coasters at busch gardens yesterday 
@MsJBell me too.  but i really would like to lose about 10 elle bee esses. salt is not helping me.
For every weed I pull, it seems like two grow back.  
@Schofe i'm terrified of roots on potatoes, y'know, just as the sprout!!! i can't touch them!!! they make me feel so sick!!! 
@nikski i have so much footage like what he was talking about from when i was studying and pretty much a tomato freak - never used it 
watching &quot;Men in Trees&quot;, after I must study for school  damnable day.
i almost got attacked by a tree just now 
@JaclynMichele most of my cukes are tragic too 
Here goes my tree. 
i love twitter? why my flowers increse? 
@pumpkin What about me?  jeje
when i fought the lawn and the lawn won 
The flowers are off  
@lovehound sadly, it only takes one bad banana to ruin the whole bunch. 
@CiaaoAmore and @xamyronaldx I hate poison ivy  I stood on it at camping whilst away to pee behind a rock 
I was going to plant some veggies, but it's starting to rain 
@PeachyPictures  rains hit my cocosmia  (sp) and petals are getting a battering 
Driving back from partridge to vanessas. Taking 94 
missing my berry 
@notanimp I love oranges but that one was seedy and gross. 
its official my bonsai tree is dead 
Wants to know why they are cutting down all the trees on campus? 
My baby sunflowers got some blasted in the rain, poor creatures 
@Screenjabber Couldn't stand it, to me that wasn't red dwarf 
watching the huge pine tree across the street get cut down 
the mimosa's dying         
@pentothepaper18 awe farm. 
should really be hitting the hay 
@Brantanamo Heeey ant! how are u? marry me  and come to brazil for our wedding ahahah! why didn't u come to brazil? we miss u here  xxx.
@JuanFliNeal thas I got trees...but my porch is too little!  lol
@ItsChelseaStaub awwwww...beautiful flowers AND i can see myself on the background 
listening to lucy bark  #EdibleArrangements
Applebees has horrible strawberry lemonades. They taste like windshield wiper fluid. 
@ArkansasCyndi @ShaylaKersten my tomatoes aren't even flowering yet.  BUT my cucumbers are covered in flowers. can't hardly wait!
This episode of one tree hill always makes me cry.  poor jamie.
Cutting the grass cuz i dont know how to use the lawn mower. 
paislee got stung by her first bee 
I miss the little boxes opening on weeds 
Apparently I am allergic to the latex in the bandages I was using to cover the poison ivy ranch. 
@ToRo no hay bot 
You never really know how ripe a pear is until you bite into it, and then it's too late to put it back. 
@battleshipdrive i don't have small containers, I just moved 
possibility of poison oak hah i guess ill just wait and see 
@mileycyrus i have hay fever 
my apple's fan is sad 
@100LEGS I wanted to buy a punnet for ages now, but nothing in store  &lt;3 blueberries
I got stung by a bee 
My cactus died  I didn't know they needed to be fed &amp; watered.
omgosh he just choked eating his pellet 
Worm in my farm 
@Eucalypt *deletes mine as well* 
has the worst canker sore ever  oh why cnt i have a happy canker sore free summer?
@sarah3668 plenty more on the plant you will have to wait for them to dry, L's plants have not started yet 
@Lizloz hehe, it's sod's law isn't it? 
cant harvest my farmtown tomatos  how dissappointing
Really miss the ntuc in gardens  - http://tweet.sg
I'm bad at chopping onions 
I want to set up my hammock, but we only have one tree 
@lennel  I pray pea won't be like that in future 
I am sick, hopefully not of the swine variety 
@benbalbo I talk to trees but they don't listen 
#haveyouever sat on a bumblebee 
@brianbreslin Yes mozzies worse - more rains this year. neighbor using organic treatment for them. smells like raw chicken with paprika. 
trying to kill a tree outside..........sad but blocking drains 
In the last 24 hours... started a chapter on systems in design, moved my basil plants indorrs, got hit in the trachea 
Otisle mace... I miss all of them... 
@reluthan At least you're trying! I'd love to have a proper veggie garden! But first I need to not kill my little herb garden 
@BakingAccident I can't  I'm watering my uncles plants!..he has A LOT! lol
@evilray I love sprouts 
@Ediesedgwick83  same as me lovely ...ouch...... I've just made the mistake of having some tomato  x
they r cutting down trees and I am stuck at the casa 
placing plants and flowers, dreading giving bun her meds  nothing like the smell of tomato plants sigh
has been making seaside pictures with sponges and seagulls out of kitchen rolls..ah the joys of nursery..back to work tomorrow 
My gardening skills are severely lacking. It looks a mess out there! I want my garden to be pretty and enchanted but 1 half is a disaster 
there is an injured bird stuck in our garden 
i want olive garden 
turns out I have to sweep the garden to earn my bounty! 
1/2 way through what we think's an oak leaf &amp; learned not to set up line drawing 3 days before I'm ready to paint up; the specimen's dead 
i may have just killed the only plant i ever grew from a seed 
Owy the grass cut me 
practicing piano and craving watermelon slush 
@HopelessHeather oh don't do that heather! 
Just got home from shoots, thinking that I have to go outside and water my dying flowers 
robin's nest in our back yard fell out of the tree today. all 4 eggs broke.    i could cry.
being good to bees is difficult when the plant you've been growning for 2 months falls off the ledge the plant pot decapitates its stems 
Corpses of nearly-ripe figs are littering the yard. 
@watermelon_pear kayla. she is always jealouss gawwwd,  hahha a turtle? you don't look like a turtleee.
candles - hey monday me faz chorar 
@richardepryor There was - I didn't get it  I said a feather &amp; then a flower - turns out it was a cactus flower. How're you?
@loserified  I would have eaten your tomatoes for you.
My flower pots are full of hail  #yyc #apocalypticweather
accidentally bought oranges with seeds.  Why do they even make these anymore.  
need to take lots of pics of my beautiful maple tree before it's too late. 
The little expedia garden gnome in my head is running around screaming his tiny little lungs out. But no one can hear him.  
@wmw111 I don't like petai. 
@kuti3xoxo fruit bowel? that sounds... unappetizing 
@jennmich97 I missed the first 30 mins of hawthorne, not happy about that 
and i missed hawthorne  was looking forward to it.
i left my strawberry nesquik in my truck.fml 
Getting ready to go bail some hay tommrrow. 
I feel lost without my apple remote... 
i'm slightly allgeric to apples 
I'm addicted 2 pot 
still no Tweets on my berry 
Apparntly frisee and escarole and beets and brussle sprouts and lettuce are good for cold coast region. Too bad tomatoes and basil dies 
I miss you evelyn!  -veronica i love you hubbbbarrt!
@LDoi are there any strawberries left for me? 
Scrubbing at itchy eyes and cursing the fields of oil seed rape 
@RenRichards i love mangos but im allergic to them 
is eating shredded wheat, it's not the best, I may vom 
is looking for poppy flowers for my pop's funeral 
too much pollen 
@TownHallSteps1 naw milo  . he was famous!
I think the berry is facked that or I got it wet 
i thought my bonsai would be here by now 
@UluvUY I have been to all Nationals. I can't find  SUUURE, manure!
Just saw a dead foal lying in a field. I feel really sad now 
@oneandonlycarly damn those slugs, they've eaten most my lettuces this year ! 
Harvested another rogue lettuce in my carrots which was attracting the slugs  urgh !!
my strawberries went moldy 
eating healthy is expensive  just buying greens to bring to work
Missing my beautiful bumble bee 
@BethBaldauf kidney stones are evil 
@kellbot I tried to grow basil and it all died. 
i miss veronica and logan 
the gardner just saw my boobies!! no more tanning in the garden   time to go shopping in frankfurt
Chilling out in garden. Y the neighbour has 2 cut the grass is beyond me 
So I think I'm allergic to grapes now 
@jubiedeane sunflower buses run the same as grey hound.  
@annabethblue Wow, you're just now getting lillies? All of our already bloomed and died 
total carnage out in the garden....... looks like a pigeon has been sacrificed 
damn a need a ting to come and soil my royal oats .. smh 
@hummingbird604 I was just hoping to join in the high-fives 
Fighting a caterpillar infestation in my container garden 
do raccoons eat strawberries?..cause all mine from my garden are missing  haven't even eaten one...
have a serious earwig situation. eating my honeysuckle. 
@garagerev we always plays str8 up. He beat me  I couldn't make a birdie. Lots of pars, no birds...
These green apples aren't as sour as I like them. 
This milo is making me feel sick 
@nightsmusic LOL!! How am I supposed to spit the seeds at people if I have no seeds    Am seriously going to a fruit stand
where did these hives come from? 
A moth drowned in my lemonade   I feel culpable.
nettle sting...ouch 
grapes gone to waste 
I have rowdy farms tan! 
@susanweinroth no heather ross fabric for either of us. I tried 
Just been on a slug hunt, little sods have had two of my pumpkin plants- so much for home grown pumpkins for halloween 
i miss my bird, i hope you r.i.p. coconut and sandy 
I'm worried that one of my 'unkillable' plants is about to die  If you love your plants, keep them away from me...
@rosadona cooool! i just watched the episode of lost where sawyer squishes a tree frog with his bare hand 
@veronica78 no  did you??????
Looks like my tomatos are a lost cause. The worms got well over half the leaves while I was gone. 
My mom forced me to kill the ants that's eating her plant. 
is out of special k with red berries 
is wondering why pea is screaming 
I'm not sure how, but I killed my lavender plant within 3 days--the hardest plant to kill.  
@amandalaur perk up buttercup! 
burnt out the bulb in my lava lamp. That makes me a sad lemur. 
ah ah ah i am in love with those delish giant cherries with them seeds, favorite fruit ever! woooooooo, stupid school tomorrow 
@sarahgilbert I want to eat berries (raspberries particularly, which I never liked much). It is an awful craving, as we head into winter 
god i wish wayne`s wok was opened late...i`m craving some walnut shrimp. 
@lilandtedsmum well at least spuds and grapes are pretty healthy  and why are you green?
@glen2005 terrible, he is such an loveable oddity. Just sucks. 
Almost out of grazing fodder and not even close to lunch 
@izumimon keep the aloe close by 
exam free! Bt thnk cud hv dne beta in chem 
@warnjai seeee! that's Exactly what i'm afraid of! they're pests and at the same time i feel guilty killing them  what herbs did u plant?
isnt getting anywhere with the pots 
@studioAdesigns part of one our trees is in our neighbor's garden! 
crystal jade shrimp dumplings were less satisfying than how i imagined them to be  taste buds feel disappointment too
@bluebonnet21 I haven't seen it yet. 
There is a terrible storm outside right now and we lost our beautiful pear tree outside! 
@shannonroxhard I know! no more field tripd to ann arbor 
Yet again I'm standing in the rain selling flowers...picking petunias. I don't much care for slimy, wet petunias...sticky, stained hands. 
who will water my flowers while I'm gone ? 
I had planned on doing a watermelon cleanse, but on second thought I may have to get a different melon 
@CarolBlymire  our container garden took a rough beating in this morning's severe storm but only the dill got uprooted and washed away.
sad .. i just ate my whole bag of cherries 
The berry is acting up! 
WOW too darn hot to work outside! What was I thinking! The gardens can wait!!  
awww man the lawn guys just hacked up the honeysuckle vine that was growing on the bush outside our window.  Pooo 
@LanaIndiana I know!! They only had geranium in my size i was debating if ishould or not &amp; when i went to put it in my cart &amp; it was gone 
@keisha_buchanan threw up in my garden 
The carlsbad beautiful flowers are gone 
we're done. wooooot!!  i'm super excited to see what they look like. i got to climb a tree for my last one. now i'm super thirsty 
@whitneyricketts WHAT?! you dislike indoor plants? but why? 
had to rescue all my little corn stalks, just about every little stalk was lying almost flat on the ground 
@WalkingHorse I may buy some already started veg plants. I have seeds in fridge (1yr old) hmmm may not sprout. (I'm not a good gardener) 
@InterLeafer has left the garden.... 
I wish i had a secret garden 
we have soooooooo many peas from our garden . . . i have to shell them all 
I burned my quinoa because I got distracted playing plants vs zombies 
#inaperfectworld Guns N roses wouldn't have broken up 
@JustJenni *used* to have a small banana tree. hoped it to grow big enough to get some free bananas.. it died 2wks later after planting. 
@janeownsyou orlando bloom too! his is like fake and not him 
I'm a tomato in spite of sunscreen.  
I miss my lit tree 
I don't want to pull weeds 
went out to the garden and picked fresh pea pods for dinner. Such a fun treat - unfortunately, only grew 24 pea pods from the four plants 
@bbgeekchic absolutely, storm might be the least fav of my 13 blackberries 
just checked my tomato plant...nothing ripe yet     ....but my roses are AAAMAZING!
not too soon. I'm like supah busy, plus I'm going to the Philippines.  @terry__berry
As a former Horticulture major I am driven to foamy fits when I see people hosing down their shrubs thinking they are actually watering 
@1sideofnamprsnd i want olive garden! 
is so missing his pumpkin 
i hate dry grass 
@JaseDahilwidit You called me a hoe! 
@sarasmile13 i like banana &amp; pb too!  i missed the daily show, i was watching weeds again 
making an awesome salad with fresh lettuce from my garden! ...and looking for a new job 
@schmalliso I know! It's awesome. I want some liquid nitrogen and superconducting material 
Talking to my peach agent c! I miss her and the rest of the crew!  p.s. Don't die!
@marlycat and didn't clean the smell  its really ew ha
@wendyness ha, we were right under that tree to the left of your pic. couldn't see shit 
@wattle_neurotic  I'm bored too 
why do I have to be allergic to mangos? 
Vegetables grow too slowly  and slugs move too fast!
The bird is still there. Trying to entice it out with light and water and bird seed. Silly thing won't come out. And it woke me at 5.50. 
Ahhh, how to i peel oranges! mine always turn out ugly. 
@essexgourmet @farctum was thinking of picking ones in garden if can identify them will they be too bitter not sure have any tree books 
is very disappointed with the quality of that nectarine 
I hate brussel sprouts they make me sick 
I hate bananas when they gang up on me in the fruit bowl and go soggy then make best friends with a bunch of fruit flies 
@erinhuggins i think i just mixed my greens &amp; purples again 
i was looking forward to my carrots but they taste like dirt 
Eating papayas   
@ccreitz our lettuce has a dressing of aphids 
i have nothing to do in sculpture class but study  i want to make a flower pot.
won't have discord with @raraanzani, @fatmahaha, @nandatri, @fava284 and 24 other even I've known there's one of us will leave us 
is eating her smoothy rather than drinking it - the fruit was too frozen and wouldn't blend properly! 
I want more durians!! 
the chop fairy isn't being too kind. .. 
argh, that wasn't at all relaxing! so intense and upsetting!  plant trees!
@jennettemccurdy I can't eat apples because I'm allergic to them  I used to love them and I really miss eatig apples.
I am out of green leaf lettuce. No iceberg is not a good substitute. I am not even sure why it is in my house. 
@visitatlantaga I've never had fried green tomatoes 
I think I must have bought a bark encourager instead of a bark deterrent 
@AngelBB517 i just got done cutting the grass 
I got stung by a bee 
@mollismare kath and i aren't going veronica didn't tell you?  do you know how to ixe skate?
@pumpkin0core 
Oh damn. @wufoo doesn't do conditional fields. I really, really needed conditional fields. 
@TheKrewe I managed to kill a Japanese maple.    I am plant challenged.
finally done mowing the grass..now im all hot and sweaty!  yucky!
@BanditJing Luckily just fillings. If I would have waiting another year they would have all been root canals. I'm also getting two crowns 
@ashens Distinct lack of the sad onion 
@dlevanphotos   I know - work system bad, berry, berry, bad.  hehehe
@KIMOBRAND  can I at least get the lettuce wraps? 
I wish I could go to the farm with her! 
@gwensutton pack that lawn mower up and send it to me, i don't have one 
Oh #squarespace tree oh #squarespace tree.... You're never going to pick me! 
i got stung by a bee. 
@robinanderson we've been getting tons of rain too...some of my plants leaves are turning yellow because of it 
i want fruit for smooothies!!  bored so i want to cook SOMETHING.. but too hot 
The big tree in our backyard broke and has to be cut down because of the wind 
I'm afraid the cucumbers we planted aren't going to come up.  The rest of our plants are doing wonderfully though! 
You better peirce that pig's snout to save your lawn brah. 
@antognoli there's still time to plant new seeds - deer proofing is a hassle though 
I need 2 light bulbs!!! They are burned out 
*sigh*: googled and found out raccoons are actually 'strawberry thieves'...hence my missing strawberries from my garden...  :S :|
@janellestar actually, i wasnt impressed with the onion rings.... 
...and of course she threw a hissy fit like always!  so no more olive garden but this other restaurant seems good! ..
Where are all the banana slugs? 
@carolynannwall i know i will totally die without fruit tingles but my throats really sore and i cant really drink anything but water 
I miss warlord bush 
@vannasin i miss you most scarecrow 
@guerillamilk i hate it because they are so freaking cute but they're just living piles of fur and diseases 
http://twitpic.com/7vqa4 - I even knocked into a cactus and it retaliated 
@p3cia I want fried mushroom 
The last flower on my orchid plant fell while I was out. 
@lisamccormick i have woken up with a sore throat  its raining and i'm just going up 2 the farm 2 inject and worm 400 lambs oh joy ;)
@seany_G we wuz too late for strawberries 
Just been out in the garden but looks like it's going to rain know 
@Lates @MouseholeCat I'd rather not have live frogs! They're all slimy from the pond too 
@camcallister we have lots of raspberries in our yard but the birds eat them too soon 
In the garden, writing reports... looks like it might rain though 
@RedAntiques must be still on berry 
We've got a wild bees nest in our lawn, but it's been dug up by something - what do you think did it and what can we do? bees look sad  
well, after 3 months of waiting my broccoli finally started producing... I hope the caterpillars enjoyed it as much as I wanted too. 
glueing, cutting, drawing, painting, writing, thinking, writing, thinking, looking up, eating a strawberry... the same since one week now 
The snapping turtle in my garden crushed the lavender.  
@alba_bewick I want to see them too 
@MrsFiddlesticks That's great I'd love to have bees, but cannot on our plot 
my flowers are dying. 
@cNicRun @cNicRun no it's just the child ha ha. BUT it's  not activated yet still waiting on slow apple 
My arms hurt today from helping chop down a tree at the farm.  I hate getting old. 
2 of my fruit trees seem to be doing well from the recent rains, but my pear tree seems to be suffering - perhaps a bit waterlogged 
I am overdosed on strawberries after picking far too many 
These grapes taste gross 
i too am blue red and sticky...but i killed a smurf in a baby pool filled with maple syrup  i told him to stop quoting sleepless in seatle
@missnoir1 There's no lawn. I assumed there was 
@s4sukhdeep Mangoes sold    Grapes up-for-grabs!
i'm so sad  i can't find my flower-earrings. :'(
deciding where to bury my bunny  I think i'll plant a tree there, maybe a peony cos those were her favorite blossoms
it's raining and we're supposed to go to the strawberry festival  fml
made a hanging basket and got some strawberry plants today! shame about the rest of the garden though 
@bitesizebrina it was a bust!!   have fun at the bees'.. blah!
@jamiebardin Figured out... all my potatoes had scab.  The ants came in through the scab.  No potato crop this year 
@CoachNags when do you think you will come up to the pine state? or do i need to come down to beantown to see you? 
I want to eat all this cashew brittle that I bought from russle stover 
Why do I have to be allergic to fruit!?  Those plums smell so good. 
we've moved the polo picnic to the backyard  hoping it doesn't rain.
birds are landing on my windowsill. they are not the nice ones that sing and do chores. 
naw  last flower of my orchid fell off  sad times. http://twitpic.com/7xrn7
wet and tired at bush gardens 
is bummed out that the wind bent one of my tomato plants-the only one with tomatoes on it already!!! 
@JGrantCrockett kiwi your fruit fly is flying in circles lost without you!! 
I lost my burt's bees lip balm. 
Working on the lawn mower 
@DjVandal I miss peaches 
Aphids have killed half our calla lillies 
@lotingka ewww do u have like a piece of fruit sitting in ur trash? one time my trash can was infested by fruit flies 
Unfortunately, I think the herbs r starting to wear off though. 
I'm still alive y'all! I can't say the same for the pine tree that *used* to be in our backyard. 
but i do get to see my number 1, heather bulko, everyDAY because without her my fire won't light  shes here with me right now and i lu her
we should've tickled the tomato plant flowers more... sadly, they're not fruiting as much as we'd hoped.  but the ones we ate were yum!
i had four apples...then i ate one.....now i only have twelve 
I r teh tired and my ed hardy happiness is gone 
got killed by durians &amp; extremely hot sambal 
I hate when trees pee on me 
I survived  . . . and i bought flowers for someone who doesn't like flowers at all 
So olive garden breadsticks are awesome. I'm fat now 
I really don't like olives ... But the gf is eating them 
@plangarden I love swiss chard! Unfortunately, I've tried growing it 2 x with no success 
says my grapes gone to waste  http://plurk.com/p/12kpbb
@TechMulla I want a farm 
@KeniLouise understandable, i was watching pineapple express so i missed family guy 
don't want my daisies to die... 
This morning spent in the garden battling weeds but I'm not sure I can see the difference.  
It's so wet my okra rotted off at ground level and there were little okra already on it.  I could taste it fried already 
@Princesz22  feel better buttercup
the floor smells like outdated vegetables  ela mata!
just woke up... need to water the lawn and garden..major heat wave is killing all of the lawn and flowers..   
has finished all her grapes 
had a nice wee run about the garden with jasper, now my hayfever is terrible! 
My dad has poison oak 
is weeeehhh.. its so kaka aasar.. got allergy from crab..  http://plurk.com/p/12qnc2
One less bird in the nest 
Fighting with grass &amp; weeds in my flower bed..... I am about to give up &amp; let them win... 
@jtn you juat reminded me that i have kiwis in the fridge that have gone bad. 
4 balls stuck in the tree.. No more basketball at my park 
maybe buying a few birdhouses and feeders will even out my karma 
daises are dieing every where.  
@tehtinar I had strawberries but I eated them. 
Folks, my favorite plant is dying and I can't make it stop!    It's all brown and stressed out and sad.
Another shot of what the stupid storm did to my tree!  http://yfrog.com/3offbj
Why r the mexicans cuttin the grass? They must not like me ACCCHOOO!!! 
I am so sunburned i look like a tomato 
@hazel13 i don't know if i can stomach to watch 
@magnolia57 I won't be able to stalk you at the library 
@BigGingerBob no... y put the flower on my head and has not taken it off. i personally don't like the flower  humans are so terrible
@sunflower_seeds oh  well I WAS CONCERNEDED.
http://twitpic.com/85l8n - And it's not the strawberry flavoured kind 
@ alexistta no bud though 
Going to bed..didn't get lines vines and trying tmes 
103 flowers 
Wondering if I am about to have my first garden casualty.  
ah  i miss milo! we left him in our front garden for the other ducks to get. i hope it went well!
Eating frozen grapes, yummy. Working later 
Just had dinner sitting on the decking... admiring the garden... all looking good apart from my tomatoes... they're a little bedraggled 
I got my canning done. I have one jar just for shawnna. It has peppers from your pepper plant in it. I broke 1 jar in each canning batch 
Ouch stung by nettles very very sore 
My basil has got black fly. I'm trying it outside so maybe some natural predators will eat them. If not, I'll have to spray the plants 
last orchid bloom has fallen  its bloody hot and i dont want to walk to work 
@juicystar007 Some cherry pits are poisonous to doggys and can make them sick! 
too hot to play in the garden. 
Setting up for the conf is  making me sad my buds leaving  
this bag of cherries looks diseased. they're not very good.  particularly disappointing since cherries are my fave!
whoever created popcorn is a genious. who thought to heat corn seeds up untill they pop! unless they are man made seeds 
@16pebbles I know 
that last one.. that's not popcorn on my lawn...  saved a few pots of flowers I just bought
The kitten that used to live in my backyard died 
@bsweens I would love to play quidditch! BUt I don't own a broom! 
i have kidney stones.  ouchie
 i just ate some bad fruit, i think
@Dalboz17 I didn't. I'm growing zucchinis, but all the blossoms were mail. They weren't as good as I'd hoped though 
@ejxi.ha ha let me tell u it was the worst ever cause when i got up my stupid neighbor was watchin and then i slipped on the stupid grass 
In @TheRockwell's previous life, he was that brolic ass tree that shaded all the flowers around him. 
@mariajr I thought i was one of your hoes 
Instead of listening to the wind blow thru the trees as I fall asleep, I'm listenening to them do weird things in the backyard. 
@mikeschmid i loved pushing daisies also. im so sad it's not coming back. 
@CavannaRose I need my hawthorne! You must save me! 
@jujube5160 Have fun! I'll be working dealing with the crowds for Transformers 2 
@omelet_805 ha ha ha I want that cat. I got the pictures but the ones I took in your house didn't come out 
 I just got crop dusted.
@atyourjunes I know they meant 'curves' but now I keep thinking of hairy bush 
says my barns are empty.  http://plurk.com/p/13sfcl
eating grapes, 
@ikinejikake ugh ricers 
@NancyRadlinger Vegetables are fenced, the rabbits only like to nibble at the smallest most special things, in bud. And roses. 
@ChocStar I've never successfully grown coriander 
my mums so mean i want to see transformers! 
@celina_glez about what! I have a bad felling  I can't sleep...
We have a cute chipmunk in our yard! But it's eating all our flowers 
just taken time out for a spot of gardening - cut the grass, trimmed the hedge, cut through the mains cable on the hedge trimmer.... 
wow ddnt know #ryano'neal had cancer 2... soooo sad  (giving her her flowers while she can still receive em #farrah)
i love t-swifts hair  i want it!
Some creeper called Denareay or sometin like that started to follow me  i am scared!
and because it's not raining, the mowing of the lawn commences... not sun yet here tho 
Realizing that I need bigger boobs! Small peaches 
My mom maybe getting me a new phone !! Bt she's stil considering . 
@CFCCLEV thanks the flowers were a pain actually, they dropped to pieces  but there still my favourite flower
fell off her sunlounger in the garden....bad times : fell off her sunlounger in the garden....bad times 
i have no more strawberries  im sitting outside my bfs house in his driveway waiting for him....ughh why do boys move so slow?
JMDP  maybe you're not *that* ready for grass yet..
oo how beautiful it is 2 wake up 2 da lawn mower  ...ugghh
I'm hungry but I just can eat fruits 
i am sick to my stomache watching that gorgeous tree cut down 
Is sweating in the garden,  I hate blackpools seagulls though 
@heidianderson I miss that  few trees up here ad no spanish moss.
 I'm not tall enough to collect the oranges from my tree. I want my fresh orange juice!
@bodycoach I'll look into that cho, I personally like strawberry but I'm going to become coach soon 
@TrueGabe yep to the wine, and feijoa sorbet, muffins, chutney etc... we have a large tree  always open to suggestions tho 
just finished painting the tree for my mural.  I can't wait until its done.
we're growing grass this easter, what have you done?  go green, remember this is our one and only home 
@ work.  pears (in liquid state) bought for weekend. they say fruits are healthy! 
@nassyusof evening primrose oil  and loads of vitamin c
@sammymax Just chomped on your seaweed. And liked it 
hid some easter eggs... ready... set... hunt! 
@Nictos Can I see your photos of cherry blossoms? 
@Shimbin And a rose without thorns just isn't a proper rose now is it?  
politician is to journalist as tree is to dog 
time for some warsaw beer garden chilling 
Just a simple girl..oatmeal makes me really happy in the morning..and the blooming wisteria 
is looking at her lvly flowers 
Going to cut the grass now, spring can be tiresome like that 
@likeaword I *love* it, SO exciting to see new growth everywhere! insects making most of first pollen, bustling in hedges, birdsong 
carrot sticks. 
Starting to enjoy gardening 
@chile_pepper If that doesn't bring us luck, I don't know what will! 
@bonitaford half the plants I grow are on an invasive species list. management is key.    I use it for understory in the #forestgarden
Is this not the greenest grass you've ever seen? Lovely day to chill in my garden  http://twitpic.com/3iumu
@Glowster just smoked me sum grass 
just bought tons of plants 
we're going to town selling shtuff!!  here we come front lawn sod!!
@annettemargaret nothing beats that fresh smell of earthy spring soil and greenery 
Actually its mint and coriander foot soak with some lavender and black pepper muscle soak crystals added for good measure  BLISSSSSS
is going to check out the tulips 
Roasting vegies with parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme. Sounds like a christmas song 
@cmcclung1 since u're planting trees anyway,might as well pledge...will be encouraging to others 
watching grey gardens ! 
just made a sacrifice to the banana gods and spoke the sacred banana god language 
Just got in from splitting and cutting wood 
@DotsThots my favorite plants must be herbs, because they are so multifunctional  I also like odd varieties of succulents a lot
I just had over 30 hummingbirds at my 2 feeders---note to self, get more feeders! 
had a lot of fun outside planting trees and bushes, moving rocks, weeding, and being sick still  
At least I'm eating strawberries sweet as candy  and the variety is called &quot;red hearts&quot;, how cute!
Caterpillar in the tree how you wander who you'll be, can't go far but you can always dream. 
easter eggs battle begins 
@torak I have a four leaf clover on top of my left foot  what do you have?
@chavie101 indeed!  how are the mangoes treating you? ;)
@kpfaulkner when you talk about curry, I shall remind you that it's just meat with some ground up seeds 
@klangwelt hay heard you song and love it !!  I where wundering if I could blip it later ?? 
@tommcfly English soil! The best kind of soil 
@ash_zx LOL. Kk. 
@backpedalling tulip fix! I'm heading to the flower market to get a huge bunch of Hydrangea and a basket of hyacinths... 
i'm very excited about some new designs...leopard print and blood red orchids...mmmm 
Just used a straw to eat a grape from the inside! It's a little tedious but great timepass 
That's why you get no onion ringsss! LOL!! 
@OliverRanch Too bad they weren't rockin' robins 
@gourmeted i didn't make cos I was one mango short but I was to use fresh mangoes. They're in season 
eating some grapes 
made some onion rings 
Out in the garden with the kids debating whether to cut grass, plant flowers, move stones or just do nothing 
@Awfy no not at all. This is software, not toilet rolls or grapes. 
in the garden, drinking beer, watching becky planting. bliss 
The free grass pack from asileFX kicks ass 
There are blossoming pink trees everywhere!!! 
ha, this bird outside my window is being obnoxiously loud.... 
neighbours in the garden - I'm in mine - pendulum loud  . revenge is sweet
@rkbalder When you're done with your garden, would you like to work on mine? 
going to victoria gardens 
I planted my sunflower garden! I can't wait for them to start growing!! 
@jenblower fresh herbs are always nice 
@heatherdee409 if you hit the np for mulch it's a better deal and 2 gf bags vs 3 which males moving them even easier 
@KathLat yuuuush, and i'll wave a flag made out of grass 
I love daffodils  there so happy looking! Haha
@terrysimpson love the blueberry story. 
Just drew and colored a beautiful sunflower... 
@CharlieMoos The tomato in a teacup one? I sure did 
watching bold and the beautiful? waiting for mashed potato and peas with once again.. cassandra 
My tomato soup is: 6 roma tomatoes, half a red onion, 2 cloves of garlic, a few sprigs of oregano leaves and e.v. olive oil, all blended 
@wildpeeta its called sacraab-berry 
@phildye yup! I can't get enough of the sweet basil and fragrant mint. Always wanted to try a bit of horticulture! 
Just finnished the jaffa cakes 
my chilli and tomato seeds have started to spurt ... c'mon miss strawberry, you can do it too 
@krayfish ha ha yes in a hole in the road next to the octopus's garden 
i love sitting in the garden with music playing  just tried some crunchy nut bites - the're good but not as good as clusters!!!
first batch of major scented flowers order arrived today. yay! our garden will be delicious 
@lordingit ahh reminds me I must get out there and shovel poo on my roses 
The leaves are finally starting to pop out on the trees- so nice to fianally have spring here  The star magnolias are blooming!
@moogyboobles We had two broods of baby robins one year. We sat in the garden one evening and watched them learn to fly 
It's raining blossoms... 
watering the plants 
@JuanCubaNation cici is the flamingo the queen plays croquet with 
@audaciousaudrey aww they're cute  awwsome bunnies live in trees~
stalk me, follow me, twitter me! 
@genvsjohnny stalks your lurking 
http://twitpic.com/1xmn7 - No,it's in my grandma's garden. 
is dreaming of living where palm trees grow 
@ap4a I think they are catkins so that must be a hazel tree?  also known as lambs' tails 
@diana_music  a flower started to grow, it started to show its beauty and glory. it made the other fowers jealous. this flower was diana
@uptheschultz - I'm looking forward to seeing the fruits of this shoot... 
@ohLillie thankyou  I just can't get the container to work :/
I'm losing my virginity to the tea garden with megan and molly  wooo
i love cucumber rollsss 
I'm sleepy and have limes in my pocket. 
@TehBlue early bird eh? you're so looking fwd to strimming your garden!!! 
@bracken_goblin ooolha conseguiu #fletcherday 
@remolden haha i know... i did find you eventually... now i can follow and stalk you  haha
Hopes the bunnys find the carrots I left out for them 
My men is the apple of my eye - brought flowers and small other small gifts and of course himself 
@black_blasphemy  I think I'm alright with an oversize coconut tree leaf. 
The plants &amp; trees speak tome &amp; tell me of their plans. I walk with one foot in both worlds...steady as I can ~ Me 
@gniliep #awaresg haha i smell a plant 
@lee634 thats good, I did some planting last week, but trees and not veggies.... 
eating berries yum!!  
has dirt under her nails and loads of little seeds resting comfortably in the vegetable garden  Carrots, lettuce, onions &amp; the like 
But soils from the garden, although they seem so nice, and are, are not the mixes you want in containers. 
I bought flowers just now! can't wait! 
@diwwona pretty please with a cherry on top 
back from the airport.. got pops offerin me a heiny lol its cool for him kuz he's been in iraq w/o alcohol but i said im straight w/trees 
watching one tree hilllllll 
eating some strawberries 
It's another beautiful day in 28270.Pinching myself 
about to cut the grass 
@_zideo pas soucis the garden is near 
@debbieharry I just made the onion/poppyseed filling and now I'm staring at the dough, willing it to rise once more 
I've been photographing flowers, stalks and chickens... How fun 
Hunh. Planting broccoli. And red onions. And having lots of feelings. 
all hanging baskets are done and my bee garden is finished 
@polishedtwo So pretty. Like little square cherries. 
I plan on geting rid of the grass that decided to grow in my garden and will replace with random wildflowers &amp; might make some nice pics 
pecan street festival! 
Location: far far away, where there is nothing but grass, leaves &amp; trees. 
eating yummy sunflower seeds somebody talk to me 
Really wish i could sleep. hay-layy 
Playing apples to apples 
Narrative project is submitted! I can be a total couch potato now. 
just got back from roastin mallows 
Little glass jars explode rather epicly when fired upon with a slingshot 
@MollyMade That yarn tree is so fun! I can imagine a whole forest of them, especially during autumn 
@Emmmaa___ haha.now u can live with him,in a pineapple...under the sea 
@CientifiQ dang u up to? listen to some mushroom jazz... that's not boring and might put u to sleep 
at my mums house with jasmine 
@gillianre shoppings good though isn't it??? I'm planning on mowing the lawn  oh and buying some fish for my little pond. 
Today's pleasure 1: I will just be painting this entire day. I paint a forest with 101 birds in it's trees. 
@hazel_joy just bits and pieces - still poorly but bored. You're welcome to pop over 
Pulling out the hot milo 
Sitting in the garden &amp; sorting out the next block of bands! yay 
@robertHarper  ha ha, its cricket tea, you can come if you like, we feed all our spectators 
..starting gourd seed germination today..apple-bushel-birdhouse and vase  
fruity pebbles...so yummy. 
working on work and visiting cherry blossom festival this afternoon  sweet
waiting for babybear to get me fresh fruit 
just planted sunflowers 
Just finished tidying up the garden and pondering eating outside later 
@LGiaPeace sneezing a lot on account of having worked in my herb garden (pollen, pollen everywhere, lol)...otherwise, all is good. 
http://www.vimeo.com/4044200 she is just like us tubers 
doing a cucumber masque and eating grapes before heading to work 
loves burning tree  @singlespeed4815 @whoistoddjones
I love my flowers darrin got me 
@stevenreigns  So how does it feel, losing another cherry? 
is eating strawberries 
'The Goodfather' w/ pop corn 
Planted peas, basil, cat nip and parsley on the fire escape! Lettuce and beans to come. Oscar is excited/confused. 
grilled chicken, asparagus and salad - all organic.  I love cooking for myself. 
Lol no shady! , chunny bunny with marsh mallows 
@OregonDeadHead well they look delicious but I'll have to check out my cash flow.  can I buy already picked berries or just plants?
@tferraro @soverpeck @rhetter ACTUALLY...a potato is a tuber, but it's also known as a root vegetable...hey I'm Irish and know my spuds 
@SeanLights you're such a lush. 
http://twitpic.com/4j3q9 - the light peach roses smell like apricots - amazing 
@despairxfactor I heard that too, but @papaya9183 said it was pretty good  she hates gambit though... 
@crystal311 yogurtisland is over by babies r us, on hawthorne.  torrance's bootleg yogurtland ;)
@azak323 Like full on corn husks. 
 I'm in garden, chillin'
@shaskins too early ,,, I'll spill my corn flakes 
wow heather 
@kindlebookclub pea plants! 
@bellothika  The flowers grow!!  
@mariaandros guns and roses baby! yay!  was hopin you would blip.fm it 
Is about to go in the garden, weeding, mulching, cutting down and anything else that I find to do 
dreaming &amp; thinking about my garden 
@lizzie4berries also bored at school, its my third freelesson( freistunde ) 
@iamjonathancook must go to strawberry fields!! 
@Rawrrgasmic I must agree I do like blackberries! 
@treewatcher21 Ah veronica! its a pleasure to meet you  I'm stephen 
@GothicVampireQ yessssss wore myself out this weekend planting my garden and working 
Apples to apples with the girls back in long island, then ihop  I wish this sunburn would peace out
@cityslipper wellll...... only 2 that will feed me   the others were mainly shade loving native wildflowers.
Just finished mowing the lawn.  
making more muffinsss, wheat jerm AANNNDD psyillium husk 
about to play my first game of apple to apples!!   wish me luck...
I love when my hummingbird comes to visit me at the feeder. 
If u want to change the fruits, u will first have to change the roots. If u want to change the visible u must first change the invisible 
@tree_frog... yes they ARE!! 
Feeling special @ looking4him first guy to give me flowers. 
I jus planted a garden in my backyard 
@elm8 my sentiments exactly 
@AClockworkToad I will take lots of pics! it is really pretty there, lots of palm trees.  
@vivianchiu LOL. You should buy your mummy flowers 
Cooking dinner!! Its already late!! am making Cabbage Molagootal for dinner!! 
@cherrytreerec hows the peas doin? if you meet them, tell them i said hello 
Making a milo 
Drinking bud light lime 
faith and daphne 
@LimeIce Ferns n petals (fnp.in) should help you accomplish that task 
@faulko1 was always told to keep sucking something like fruit gums 
@tommmlives i think you should follow me. as i only have on follower. stalk me please 
@camilleisleta My wand? It's a black hawthorn wand with a core of kraken heartstrings.  You?
@blade376 hermits, such as myself, like to stay in 
@hazel_joy it's entirely possible 
going to a garden centre today. should be funn :/ currently drinking egyptian spice tea and watching hollyoaks 
@MCsavedmylife thank you, your dedication as a lamb is unparalleled also, all true lambs dedication is unparalleled 
watching rove, drinking a hot milo 
got some flowers for his mummy 
@jesthebes At least your lawn hasn't been taken over with a field of weeds! 
helping dad in the garden  and then.. bbQ!  with sojasausages XD hihihi
off to bucklebury farm park so @laurenaw can feed some lambs and stuff 
nursery, flower picking with the fam, then core 
Riding the lawn mower in circles, just cause it's fun 
@travelrants or grass grow! 
@peaches_g hi peaches 
@anneheathen I'd say you earned those new gardening gloves. 
Lots of women with flowers at the airport, aww. 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3iquy - very nice trees, but danny looks better  ??
@ashleynicole13 hey, actually I just switched to oranges!  lol   Have fun!  
@patmaine go for the bloomin onion! 
@LadyLynne they are building a H&amp;M at the gardens 
is going out to dinner at the olive garden  ah i sooo happpy! i'm almost annoying myself &lt;3
hummingbird 
@Eucalypt aha, nope! 
Used my alpine scratcher. Now I'm being Furminated! 
I just saw a big owl, sitting in a tree. Thats so cool 
@souwah mow mow mow I love you. 
I want to be a peach on a tree!!! 
@kerryeatsbugs the gardens are beautiful....  i remember i was walking around by my lonesome self through the whole library... workout!
just had a milo 
@mrnonsens haha snapper?? loll not even!! wheres my pic comments? haha.. sike. buttt no fruit loops! or frosted flakes 
@andrewghayes It was, wasn't it? Yes - it's a bee 
@richardpbacon He said you'd be dressed as a carrot - is that true?! 
@sakthidharan  veronica 
off to bowl!  oh, and meteor games = awesome for fixing the apple bug on emerald acres
@A_shle_y one can only hope that garbage is done ed hardy is the worst 
I say,root canals for all the charming patients 
strawberries for breakfast, yay. 
Eating mangoes! 
@djbeatbean tristeza, ahshaus 
@pdxgreyts i've piled on three and they like it, but never tried anymore than that. they look like the princess and the pea on all those 
@itsBrittanySnow I love fruit 
Boys over flowers is nice ! 
@quovadimusgirl remember apples to apples at mary's? that night was great 
I just read watermelon, is good, very good, i loved  #simpleplan
My car smells like hay or a pumpkin patch, i'm excited for @lindz_renee and i had a very long, but good day 
eattin sunflower seeds mm 
knowing grapes and shower eggs 
@hummingbird604 Aww, you are awesome. 
@darwinshome flowers... umm st joseph lillies or yellow roses  chocolate... anything  i will eat any chocolate *waits for delivery*
http://twitpic.com/5cnwh - Clouds above my garden 
@robromoni a half tank and daisy dooks 
@bobbyllew It's sod's law 
@Xanneroo dare undertaken, outcome reported: I loathed you but I did like your garden 
i looooooove hang out with friends and drink my long island ice tea! hihi 
Loves being a character from the hundred acre wood 
eating coco rocks 
@nanavette He tried giving me a watermelon smencil.  That's love that there   I want peppermint.
sage and brocolli hardened off and planted out now... nasturtiums and sunflowers stuck in all over the place too 
@dcolanduno Just make sure the kitchen's clean.  And get flowers 
@SideshowAmi I love trilliums but they take a while to establish and I need some quick fill in to compete with garlic mustard in my yard 
On my way to the strawberry festival  yeeeee!
While out gardening, weeding &amp; watering excited to see my peach tree is in fact still alive 
Laying in a hammock, under a tree, by a cute little pond is seriously one of the most relaxing things in the world. 
Is on my way to the strawberry festival 
FInally going to start building my new mountain bike today.  Also on the list is toy painting and planting a little tomato plant 
just finished my red berries cereal 
added basil to my window garden... delicious food to follow   http://tinyurl.com/ojtwbl
- @jerrybattiste &quot;..pick up some flowers for the teacher..&quot; I'm jealous! I want flowers without having to be in the hospital to get them! 
is getting ready to plant a bunch of flowers.....fun 
About to mow the lawn 
i'm janet wood right now-sunbathing on the patio...all i need is chrissy to come n poor water on me  my garden is so pretty, like 2day is
@HunterParrish you are so talented. I absolutely love weeds!!! I would love it it you followed me! 
i'm in my garden watching 2 squirrels playing in the fountain 
chard yay, we found a snail in one of the water garden pots 
@bt16 why did you draw a strawberry? it's easy  just remember the seeds
eatting grapes  they are soooo good
A few feet away from our liv. rm window is a bush/tree with robin's nest, 4 blue eggs, &amp; a mama robin sitting on them 
yay! found some bamboo shredders, bagel bites and grapevine wreaths to add to the site! 
I just mowed the grass 
@Lesneedsvalium I once had a dog that actually LIKED onions and grapes.  He'd peel the grape first, though!  
Pulling out all the garlic mustard and ignoring all the dandelions - and that's my gardening for the day! 
just met the veronicas! @lisa_veronica took a pic with me! 
@FamisJamis and i really want some ranch sunflower seeds 
@chore4n garden state? your MAN rating just tanked 
@DavidArchie eaten any mangoes lately? 
@ReeferGladness cant forget the foil!! also modeling clay candles and carrots 
just finished watching B.O.F and it's really good to eat Indian mangoes! 
Where is my bee? 
ah, I just smoked some cannabis  wondering whether to go to bed
@winter_doll lol.5 shells that are thrown in the fountain will give you one poupee item. 
Just thoroughly enjoyed yet more caramelized cauliflower and served it with a salad of many textures - happy &amp; satisfied 
i asked for v, and i got some retarded grass hopper drink that tasted like dust . so then i got v after school. the end 
@ukdivorce ;-) Indeed, the gorse was amazing 
@MiramarMike but it can tell you how much wood a wood chuck could chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood.. try it it's a laugh 
@carmenhayes babe do u have a swisher. I have herb but just need a swisher now. 
@hellonhairylegs Did you click on my stuffed mushrooms link? 
Just praying the rain holds off while playing with plants, gourds etc - but returns before I get round to cutting the grass 
@spicycauldron A pome, a pome! I can't wait to see that! 
@ShystieUK crunchy nut clusters with chocolate all the way 
@mmuzzle_of_bees downloaded &amp; loving it. thanks for sharing 
back to work, busy bee 
i wonder what happens when you mix peanut butter with strawberries?? hahaha 
is eating mandarin 
the grass is greener on the other side 
@Maylinnn aww, I'll find you a cherry and put it on top 
@kdwegs show me the spare bulbs and I'll show you my unique bulb replacing abilities 
@lizzie4berries like I once said... I too think it's pretty cool that we're interested in the same things. 
@shoes_in_herts ooh maybe mine will od that then - I love coriander! We have radishes and the beginnings of turnips, and lots of spinach 
@camellia_ NO! I made it 
@ladybug8320 I'm actually uploading some piccys to flickr too, not in your class but ok if you like chipmunks and trees 
@parasol15 Before he out grows then 
@greendig yes, you can use it as pellets, chip, logs- so long as it's less that 30% moisture content it will burn lovely 
@muppmupp not always - it's something I'd do too  ... remember we are two awesome cans of peas in a pod ...
@stinkyreddog cherries too! Now I want me some frozen grapes. 
drinking mango shake  @DavidArchie i find you so cute holding that basket full of mangoes.haha how was it? have you already eaten some? 
@pschiendelman haha my google satellite view is just a big clump of green oak tree tops.  
frost has ended, gorgeous wk ahead - perfect day to plant the veg garden  
My daughter and I were at the park and I actually found a 4 leaf clover!!!!! bring on the luck 
got a rocking chair this weekend at the garage sales. Nursery is starting to shape up! 5 weeks left. 
directing pledge tonight - tune in to learn all you ever wanted to know about Asparagus... and then some 
at school, sitting around doing nothinggg. played apples to apples! 
@ruelala gave my mom 2 lilly polos from the sale &amp; she loved them!  also my bf will very excited for the vineyard vines sale  
@heykrisp Don't Hate! I have a bunch of african violets! They are easy to take care of! 
@mooooky you'll always be a flower to me, petal. 
out the flower storee for christinas bday  pink roses. headed 2 pancake factory!
@ingrid_veronica you're gorgeous 
eating apples 
@cannboys lol....a pinhole optic....cheeky sod 
I ran today in McCormicks woods and I gotta say....nice place to go running! 
my mace is here 
@barbmatrix @lizzie4berries enjoy your day off. 
@michaelgrainger As most of us female species are..myself included 
@alethe so souq is like bat-ha here? 
@calvinharris my cats like asparagus and green beans 
celing painting....again. the pub garden, its sunny 
Eating unripe mangoes. lol It's my favorite! 
@mossyrants clematis are indestructible, though! I have a million celery seedlings, if you'd like me to send so you have something green? 
@wendyscherer  smart child.  acorn don't fall far from the tree 
made it out of the bush alive you shud all be very proud 
@fairybabyb I think she would!!!! Supernannys a kinky sod 
@JodyMeyer they're really spoiled - my dad gives them so much sweet corn that they ambush ppl wanting corn  - will eat it from my hand
featuring jasmine 
@LBDeMello magnolia tree here is pretty 
@kateadams will that fruit iphones 
our little urban vegetable garden 
my god the flipping tree surgeons are so loud! but quite tattooed  lol
Assembling the hammock  #jossapalooza
@booksbelow pyramid scheme workmen sitting on my lawn more preferable and one is very cute might bring him an early beer 
@MarcyMC  not middle of nowhere ... middle of 2 million trees  you just can't see where you are!
@tawnifaceee hemp bracelets are cool. and i can teach you how to make the daisies if you want. 
@LocalJoost It seems to like the compost I gave it last autumn 
@XceptN I'll have to change it. I'm sugar &amp; spice &amp; all things nice. Not slugs &amp; snails &amp; puppy dog tails! 
Friends &amp; frosted mini wheats with tibaldi.  
Cherries are underrated in the fruit kingdom.   #fuckyeah #cherriespwn
@chris_clarke I take that back mmmm. I got my possums and flowers mixed up 
@lechatrose great treasury--and your strawberry fields bracelet is lovely 
I like candles they make me feel relaxed. 
@elm8 Got one  a bog fiber optic lamp that changes colors, very restful to watch and pretty, hope your day is great too 
@justagirl18 lol I'm just opposed to anything cherry-flavored except cherries themselves. 
Folding green flowers just like cindy 
i want a fruit rollup. 
@retrothreadz I love twiggy! 
cherry cherry boom boom 
creepers need to realize they're creepy....period. 
@karlmageddon It's been itching like this for two days straight, it's such a bitch. I got a swallow sitting on a cherry blossom branch 
is eating strawberries..  http://plurk.com/p/whkbw
cedar pointt made me exhausted, but schooll awaits. texty 
@zackfairsoldier Aww have fun my dear, bring me back a flower  or leaf..or head, not complaining; whatever fits on the mantlepiece
A buck cherry song 
mini wheats 
@ rands &amp; just got some peaches  yummmmmm
@mexgoddess66 you're tweetin at the plum  lol
@jessicalhamon we can borrow a tenth of your spf and we will be good.  heather's comment
@PeachPosh G'night peaches! 
@ElkeTheStallion I check my babies too.. watter . make sure the girls have prop. php 1000 watt bulbs and check for spider mites 
planting a tree 
@LittleLee well you're the only person i know who doesn't like mushrooms so ner! 
@nabejero Did you eat another mango with worms... You seem to be hallucinating 
munching on green apples... I think its nicer than red! 
@kathtrinder That would require having a garden 
