Most common words for this cluster:
[('germany', 251), ('italy', 166), ('paris', 161), ('europe', 160), ('spain', 134), ('norway', 109), ('today', 87), ('day', 81), ('i', 81), ('france', 75), ('sweden', 68), ('time', 66)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Germany', 0.8250702619552612), (u'France', 0.762893795967102), (u'Belgium', 0.7491999268531799), (u'Austria', 0.744329035282135), (u'Italy', 0.7382839322090149), (u'Spain', 0.724653422832489), (u'Europe', 0.7157561779022217), (u'Switzerland', 0.7113742232322693), (u'Sweden', 0.6940464377403259), (u'Romania', 0.6899032592773438)]





has Finland sleeping for the night, not really enough time 
aww this earthquake in Italy has made me sad  just saw the pics on the news, it's terrible.
@TheBlondeTheory Between that and the Italy earthquake, it's been a very sad news day. 
terrified by the news from Italy  http://tinyurl.com/dhdpne
@ACTinglikeamama Oh, you have a recipe for gyros? I developed an addiction in Germany, and haven't been able to find any I like in Aus. 
@viennateng Why didn't you tweet that you are in Germany, Heard about the concert in Marburg in the Radio 1 hour before it started. 
wake up in Paris, but it's grey ..  need more sun !!
turns out there had been #earthquake warnings in Italy and they were ignored: http://bit.ly/4dVYg3 
Hubby has such a tight scedule for us during easter vaca that its stressing me out... 8 visits all over Denmark in 6 days 
Reports from Italy: 179 death, 34 missing, 1500 injured  #Italy #Earthquake (via RAI http://tinyurl.com/c5mja5 )
I'm yet thinking of earthquake in Abruzzo(Italy) 
I suck at French 
@loris_sl morning!!!! how things in Italy today??? Depressing I imagine!!! That is bad news 
@limburger2001 infrastructure and improving their coverage/service. most of the wifi hotspots are in adelaide/SA though 
@spaulds1 Hey , I'm good thanks , just had lunch  hehe , it's noon overhere ( Belgium ) and it's raining 
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the earthquake, Italy 
following some twitter accounts that report on earthquakes. situation in Abruzzo, Italy, is not good.180 dead. photos http://ow.ly/2fRj 
@LFCTV where can I buy FOAR if I'm in Russia? HMV and iTunes do not sell to Russia 
Violence: bloodbath in Landgericht Landshut... 	 Germany is no longer safe  
@Adka88 ya this one - its just really expensive in Swiss     http://bit.ly/aBxtk
the earthquake in Italy happened to be near my family's heritage... 
Wow, I'm glad I don't live in Italy right now. Death toll's up to 207. 
My heart goes out to the Victim's of the earthquake in Italy and their families!  
Mos amazing food ever! I loved my lunch I am stuffed! best food I had out here since I came to Spain! Everything else has gotten me sick 
U/CHF got stopped out this morning for a loss of 80 pips.  That Swiss is an erratic pair. 
My poor mother country of Italy.  
wants an SA account, no credit card 
Thinking of all the people in Italy and their families 
@slgoodson i miss you too   how am i gonna survive when you go to Germany!??
@Dannymcfly Jonesy? McFLY MUST come to Germany. when you love Amsterdam you'll love Germany too. We're waiting for you!  please tweet back
@omegatron I so would! But I'm in SA 
Having some coffee w/ friends. Preparing to leave Spain 
@bestoman Thanks! R &amp; R is my original on the album. I just realized that u r in Finland and lastfm is going to be charging there soon. 
@tommcfly I hope you'll come to Germany one day... I really would like to see you guys live one day! 
@tommcfly Are you ever gonna come to Sweden?!  x
fears she might be going back to a GeStaPo Germany..... 
@ddlovato hi demi, at which airport in Germany were you? If you were in Munich I missed you by like a day  if you'd answer that'll be grea
@demilovato wah, you was in Germany! wanna see you 
Last full day in Paris 2molo  just gotten the groove of things.
@gabriellegg i just wish i could give you a lil hug before i go back to Denmark. But im leaving wed  don't wanna
ok still in Rome , watching flights Monterrey - Rome , the cheapest costs about 1100dls :S damn its a lot 
@adthrelfall Did you fork the redmine SA plugins? (word of warning I can't raise the authors to have them accept pull requests  )
The rain in Spain would appear to be mainly falling in Torrevieja 
http://twitpic.com/3l2zm - another rainy day in SA 
is in Sweden, but missed his flight home 
@Heromancer i am here Romeo! but in Italy 
is leaving Rome today 
@jordanknight You do realise all this talk about the cruise and summer tour being so great is making us fans in Europe sad? xx 
The thing about living with 4 Danes and 2 Swedes is that you never know what they're saying about you while you're in the same room... 
I wanna be in Rome 
Sweden is really awesome! I don't wanna leave.. 
@pacethestairs I feel you, Kat. 2.5 weeks in Germany and I miss my other half terribly 
@ddlovato Are you in Madrid now? OMG! haha you are so tired  go to sleep and have fun in Spain!
Umkraut - German for weeds we have lots of them  Hard work to clear!
landed at Paris airport!!! and now luggage waiting time...I hate this  http://twitpic.com/3la2m
@Jaydenxb we have the exact opposite here in SA... winter's on it's way  Enjoyt the sunshine.
We're back in the Netherlands. In Belgium GPRS didn't work 
Germany i'll miss you 
In Germany is tomorrow school  we had hollydays for 2 weeks it was really great but it is over *cry*
Talking with my mom in Curacao!! it's not fair she's in the sun and I'm in the cold  lol
@billbeckett That's kind of near me in a way. Sweden. 
Mum won't upload Italy pictures yet. 
@heidimontag I've had brunch with some friends, and now I'm doing homework  I'm from Denmark, and day is almost over here. It's 6.40 pm
Just dropped Tor and Doireann off at the airport... I am home alone for the next week as they are in Spain 
wondering what is up with SA broadband 
@ddlovato bad you're summer tour is not comming to Norway 
@ddlovato omg, that's Madrid! i wish i was there, i live far from that place  have fun here, demi! love you xxx
2009 is end for Ferrari if they won't get points in Europe (1-2 race[s]) and they'll develop their 2010's car. What a shit 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/3lwfk - Welcome to Spain Demi!!I'm from Spain but not from Madrid. i would like to be in Madrid 
@selenagomez in Spain it doesn't premiered yet 
Is the problem really just the money? I think Europe lacks startup cohesion  http://tinyurl.com/cz74s8
@lucullian No sun here at the moment, but then it is early, I have not slept much since arriving home from Paris. 
Is sad about twitter not being famous at all in Europe 
@pauljacobson google voice: yip.  but not in SA yet and unlikely soon.  need voip switches in country. 
@Nasef SA paribahan is not available in our area 
my best friend is leaving in six weeks to go to Romania  sad day, and i one of my other best friends was intown didnt even call me 
@RealHughJackman summer is not yet approaching here in the north of Spain 
so tired to go to French class 
@samantharonson thanks...just ordered my &quot;T&quot;, but nothing going on in Germany 
I am so bord LOL food teck  wish I was in Italy LOL so be out there
Back at work........ again   tomorrow going to have fun in Italy..... Rome here I come!!!
@mileycyrus  so sad I can't go to the HM movie premiere in Paris next week 
is so jelous of Caroline, shes gone Spain for the week 
is trying to write her AS French oral, but is sadly getting nowhere 
@allexsa  i missed it, cus we went to Paris, thinking that party was next weekend ... still gotta do something this week before u leave!!
wishes he had to go to Spain to test the VPN he's been working on  boohoohoo.
Another rainy day in Italy 
@samantharonson http://twitpic.com/3ohxr - it's the same here in Italy in these days... 
On my way to Stockholm  - Remember to call your MEPs today so we get 138 passed! htwww.telekompaketet.se
In Swedish class and having an upset stomach 
@Famous_Twit Aw! Europe not in it yet 
@just_J_ I'm in Europe when ACL is on  ... would have been awsome !
is leaving the beautiful town of Eger, Hungary and going to southern Hungary by train. I won't get a new ATM card for weeks! 
@mrgarbutt I don't think I'm very good at it - most of Europe and Asia tends to close its ports so I can't infect them. 
@NBATVAndre No, in Germany the NBA has no airtime  . But I got the International LP so I will watch the game for sure.
@eddieizzard No Finland though   Really hope to see you in Helsinki one day! Any plans whatsoever?
@SandiNJ love 2. living there, no, due 2 visareqs..  visiting prob. next yr.. we should meet then. or come 2 EU! yr welcome!
@rusimons I need to take a tweetup tour around Europe! I wasn't on Twitter last year when I went to Europe. 
@Famoiely but it's the first time they do it in Germany  (btw. Hase=husband ;-))
@ryancarson  oh man!  make a FOWD in Luxembourg :-D
@holyschmoke am in Paris, not on the tv here.....  will be depending on twitter for my updates....
@Amalari Italy doesn't take part in Eurovision   It says it is too cheesey - ahem... Eros Ramazotti? Zucchero? Tiziano Ferro?  LOL
@Selenaxo to Estonia , its good for you , but not good for me ( I cant speak Estonian . It's the hardest language in the world 
is bored of French 
what can I do, planning for leaving Paris almost done, it's just why I fall in love 
where can I watch JONAS!!?? ahhh... living in Austria is sometimes so NOT cool!!! 
back @ home. Why did I forget two beer bottles in the freezer... damn  Now chillin and waiting for the German Bundesliga to begin...
just found out one of the German girls deleted me of her ''german myspace thing''. ahh what the heck. i'm cut. 
hellloooouu twitterville  Nice day in Germany, but I have to study  sitting in library, hope to see a few cuties ;-))
@SwissCow86 thhxx for the followfriday!!Missed it yesterday,otherwise I would have replied it  Whish you a nice weekend in Switzerland
@AshleyLTMSYF baby gaaal! i watched the hsow on youtube coz u neva gonna be here performin in Italy  so i follow u on the web alwaysXDily
I wanna be in Spain now 
Sun shining in my window, and i am studying  Currently looking at the unification of Germany!
@Joorrie I know!  he's in Spain somewhere, and I can't go to Starbuck cuz we don't have starbucks in Slovenia!  ugh
Going to Spain on tuesday, give @virginamerica outside america 
Revolutonary Prodution Design - http://360.u2.com/ They don't come to Portugal   Barcelona only - 2 days...
i am so sad, because i cant watch JONAS, it isn showed in Estonia today  i can watch it maybe a month later
I thought people would jump at the chance for a holiday in Spain but I can't find anyone to go with 
My bracelet that my friend made me that I've had on since Europe last summer just broke  Eff.
Going to Carrefour to see if they at least have asparagus on offer. Miss the asparagus season in Germany. Here almost unknown 
@rastAsia I have family and friends visiting from Australia and Sweden. I honestly don't think I can make it. Breaks my heart. 
I am working on my presentation about Czech national bank. No fun at all 
@everyboy ha! pfft! now I am mad at ya! you didn't tell me that you would be in Germany. 
The Belgium waffles we're ready yet. 
The Belgium waffles were NOT ready yet! 
Remebering to Malta..miss you guys 
@sween Aww man, I thought those were German words in response to my German enthusiasm.  Can't speak LOL, sorry.
A bad thing has happened. I am out of english language books to read and I am not in the mood to pick up one in German. 
***sighs** @ Paris, early may, still wearing a jacket 
@DonaldClark Have a great time Donald - I loved Norway til I ventured outside Oslo  altho the Lofoten islands have a lot going 4 them
Returned from a great weekend at the Belgian coast...I don't feel like going back to work tomorrow 
Argh! Just as I conquer Westphalia Spain, France and Bavaria declare war, and Bavaria has three armies on my border 
ggrr, lil sissy was gonna learn German for her second language and i was going to learn it after her but picked Italian instead 
@simpletaskapp Awwwgggg, why do thi s when all of Europe is asleep? 
still writing my business law essay  but listening to German radio : ]
Someone in GERMANY didn't like Double Bubble http://tinyurl.com/ckt279 
@saulkza And almost everything in SA is an optional extra 
@edburton No free version here in Germany yet. Pay only 
Right now have I German in the school. thats sucks! 
Austria loses to Denmark and is demoted  #iihfhockey
Sami is off to Germany in the summer  http://tinyurl.com/cfzde7
@downbeat You should stayed over herrreee. I am all alone  We could of killed Nazi zombies together or something!
@pattycular I can't decide what phone to get next  Problem is phones aren't bundled in Belgium, so no free phones pour moi...
@solangeknowles Did u enjoy the show in Paris ? You def. need to come back cos I missed this one  France loves you 
Happy Mothersday. Great sunny weather in Augsburg/Germany. But work today sucks... 
Oh great, myspace gives me choice of German, Italian or French. HELLO GOOGLE! Ucan put Ur crap ads in D,I,F. Let me choose for the rest 
being in Spain on mothers day is not always a good thing. Many nice people around, but not my wife 
I haven't seen SNL in so long.  I'm in Germany where it's not shown.
my girlfriend is in Italy for a week visiting grandparents. Amazing for her but I miss her too much already. I'm like a lost little puppy 
@gfalcone601 can you tell the boys that they have to come to Germany  we want to see them too
Getting ready to go to the airport.  I don't want to come back to Madrid 
@thomleaman oh poo! we leave for Croatia that day or else we'd be well up for it 
@teemwilliams michelle please follow me also am your beloved fan all the way from Ghana 
@ThisIsRobThomas Wow. I didn't know that. I used to live in Karlsruhe. We went to Landstuhl all the time. I miss Germany 
Waiting at Lisbon Aeroport for my Folks coming from Italy after a cruise in the Midle East. Flight late 
@billythekid showing to much freespace, can't use cd, box is in Sweden 
have arrived home from Italy early hrs of this morning; can't believe my holiday's over 
has too much to do and not enough hours in a day to do it.... grrrr... wishing i was sunbaking in Croatia already 
I hate Paris when its raining 
Boarder control...yach!how can I not foresee that!don't wanna get into machine gun guarding situation again.no Germany today... 
looks like exchange devaluation for Belarus will come soon  it is a pity
@tmorello unfortunately i know of no country where govt &amp; army are treated with the same justice as citizens  Poland is no different 
I'm slightly bored. I don't want the Jonas Brothers to leave Europe again  please stay!! #jonasparanoid
Someday I'm just gonna take Simon back to Germany with me and never let him go again. I want to go baaaaack! 
Why couldn't @DavidArchie just have a concert in the Philippines while I was there?  I hope he visits Denmark too. Yey!
@bfheroes I'm a sys admin, shame I'm not in Sweden. 
@LydiaPSB you mean a.m.? ;) no video in Germany neither  #psb
@thoroughlygood About Ralphie-Walphie? Yes and no. Disappointed on Tuesday - the only qualifiers I liked were Malta, Turkey and Romania 
Missing my boyfriend, who's in Strasbourg because of a some European Council thing... 
Thoroughly DISTRAUGHT at the fact Atari will be in Europe no longer 
@astrosim no  I want to have that chinese food we ate in Rome  hehe
I miss England, Northern Ireland, Ireland, Austria, and yes, even Slovakia! I wanna go back 
Armenia and Hungary. #eurovision sweepstake #fail 
I honnestly don't know what to ask for when my friend goes to Europe 
What the shit, Norway won Eurovision 
a Belarus-born guy, Rybak, wins for Norway.  Belarus seems to be a talent pool for the other countries, but not for itself  #Eurovision
enjoying the deconstruction of eurovision the morning after!  hutrray for Norway, Moldova and fairer voting.  Missed Graham, though 
@karynromeis Norwegian - now I have to go to the next one live due to an old bet 
Still in Nigeria. A bit home sick  and cant wait for next week.
Last day in Gibraltar  the sun is shining  making the most of it... more relaxing probably!
So sad, Iceland didn't won Eurovision 
Yesterday I watched the Eurovision Songfestival with 3 friends. It were not the Dutch who won  Norway (the winner) was good though! 
Dita didn't bring the victory to Germany 
Malta's singer sang really well!!!! But of course the winners are always scandinavian or soviet union countries 
On Eurovision 2009: I wanted Russia to win so much 
@tommcfly  Norway 
Good morning everyone. I think Norway won Eurovision, I didn't watch it all last night 
Still upset because Hertha BSC Berlin missed the chance to become this years Bundesliga champion 
Vaguely awake after a night of Eurovision entertainment.  Even the cynics amongst us got a bit excited in the end.  I wanted Ukraine 
Eurovision....  Spain very bad song..... Andthe winner is....NORWAY!!! 
The JB World Tour start today, right? But its still 7 months till they get to Belgium, for ONE show, and who knows when they'll be back? 
Sonja has gone back to Finland 
@paulkidd Every year I hope to see grannies again... every year I am sorely disappointed  Moldova always has pretty good entries though 
Finland - Eurovision beginning to take toll on mental well-being. Even girls in glittery body-hugging dresses aren't helping. 
@tmtn sorry to hear that  watch out for some serious neon and strobe from Germany on... Oh and Finland are penultimate (23rd?)
@Morrica Norway won it 
@solangeknowles oh nooo i'll miss ur show i'm leaving Cannes on the 18th  hope u'll be back in France soon Solo!! lot's of love &amp; support
Norway didn't deserve all the votes they got. They weren't that remarkable. And there was better performances. 
Armenia would have gotten my vote. I was disappointed with my Malta 
BOring rainy day alone in Paris!!! 
Oops, I meant Iceland the other day, not Finland but 2nite I changed my mind to Moldova. Didnt like winning Eurovision entry 
Oh, wow  I really want to leave my boring country and live in north part of Sweden
@dumbblonde_0403...i supposed a little bit but i was very dissapointed with the winner  i prefered Sweden to be honest :-s
So sad that Denmark was nr. 13 in Eurovision last night  but Congratz to Norway...
talking to my mom ... Germany seems especially distant today  
@robcorr Norway won? Two of my housemates aren't gonna shutup now  and it's the national day of Norway today too!
Eurovision Song Contest isnt sth 4 Germany ! Haha ! 
back from Timisoara... can I cry now? 
@jakkster its okay, at least Finland got to the top 25, Hungary didnt 
Celebrating Norway's National Day, this year NOT in Norway  Jeg elske deg, Norge!
@MinustheLion hahaha yeah dude dude i want a tattoo  in SA ill so get one
The violence that fear of the unknown induces: Nigeria's witch children 
sad to be back from Paris. 
@aalaap Including Staedtler, Caran d'Ache, Dior and, yes, Czechoslovakia  Too bad we don't have spelling bees in India..
@Glompbot They voted with their pants in #eurovision, not for their pants. That being said, having Deta Von Teese didn't help Germany 
Only 45% have highspeed web access in the Eastern part of Germany. Until 2010 the whole of Germany shell be enabled technically  too slow
Wow! Eurovision Song Contest winning song from Norway already number one on German Itunes! Just listened to it again! I don't like it! 
three two-year-old chimpanzees were confiscated from an logging camp in Cameroon  sad sad photos http://bit.ly/dWg4H
@sociopolitik ... because Sweden was down south fighting Napoleonic troops back then -- I am clearly not focusing on my studies. 
Pesky Dutch mosquito bit me in my right hand - all red and swollen now. And it's not even summer yet. 
@photosil Thanks. Yes, we do have the kind of weather over here in Germany that the little bugs seem to like  A lot of people are down.
@Artinouch I wish I could be in Paris to see you play 
@ForaMinor Aw, no shows in Norway. 
One week left in Lyon, France! Going to really miss life here 
i'm really pleased that things are really moving in Spain now.. just upset I aint enjoying a glass of fizz too 
@s1m0n YAY!!! I am so excited for you guys! I wish we were going to Germany more than ever. 
@s1m0n I really wish we were staying in Europe. I'm going to miss Europe the second I step on the plane.  Can we move in?
Morning all - load of phone calls from people in Europe overnight meant sleep #fail 
soo tired....still missing Austria 
going back to Spain today 
Its so boring to live in Norway sometimes. Its far away, many things you cant do and you cant conecte your phone to twitter 
got his iphone stolen in Madrid's airport 
is moving to Madrid in less than a week and still has no job or flat lined up 
@joaofernandes I'll be in Sweden by then 
there is a new security update to android 1.5 delivered in Germany. dunno if it's worldwide 
@Konsultpappan ha ha damn right CPT sucks nowadays from a hub perspective. Amomst no decent directflights to EU. 
@nminers Iceland's great for birdlife, wish I was there  looking forward to seeing your pics!
can't stand this hot Italian weather 
@Rianca omg o.O still don't soon.will have to wait a long  they are not going to come to us.Russia is not in their list of World Tour 
just back from Montenegro and back to the grindstone 
@jbevershed how disappointing. How's the weather in Paris? Overcast here, with rain forecast for the whole bank holiday 
Just took another 2 nurofen... hmmm these teeth are making my ear hurt! #Italy could help me 
@McFLYGermany oh I'm sure they'll come to Germany but I'm not sure they'll come to Israel, sometimes I think they hate us &gt;&lt; I hope not 
on a ferry from Tallinn to Helsinki.  didn't make Russia   #dumball
@gilbertruiz was counting, but it's canceled  Just keeping the ticket and waiting now. Greetings from Serbia! *
i keep reading 'T-Mobile Austria' thinking it says 'T-Mobile Australia'... so i am all like, damn 
I wish that Tuscan and Vienna wouldn't wake me up so early  .
I bought the #nintendo #dsi last wednesday, i'm a bit pissed off though as the download store isn't supported in Malta  - no web browser!
@pearlogs oww  if you come back to mainland Europe again I'd go over to see you...
wonder why nobody sells the swedish candy Polly in Norway. I want some now 
Orange in Spain down  &quot;Catastrphic network failure&quot;
Up way too early after the long haul from Brussels, but it was a good flight. Desert's a bit stormy today and sans soleil  Needing coffee!
@borntrendy86 my travels have been stepped up! I've been to Germany, Italy, Amsterdam and then of course, Iraq and Kuwait!, stop pickin! 
McAfee killed Spotify - now seriously missing it. Apparently Sweden on holiday. No free music till Tuesday 
@valleseco happy days! ...except I'm off to Germany with year 8... on a coach  I must have been evil in a previous incarnation...
tickets to Paris: done; pre b'day cakage: done; finish work: err...still too much to do 
I just got so incredibly homesick looking at the photos of Pirmasens before it was turned over to the Germans in 1994. 
is upset that she didn't get to suck face last night, stupid thrush, unless I find a hottie in Germany or Romania, 2 more weeks kiss free 
@bananas10 theyre not coming to Europe  JKs sending Europeans to AUS
Havin trouble sleeping  Really wanna get away for a holiday soon, need a break, Italy or the middle easy somewhere would be ideal.
Again Micro$ does stupid things in Romania 
@personaljesuss I've always wanted to read Norwegian wood 
@Bibi1983 lol...never been to Italy 
@bronte_saurus I saw a lot of that in France. What happens to the puppies when they r too old to pull coins? 
It's cold again. Everything else about Paris is perfect but.. It's soooo cold 
@patrick_stump I am! but I live in Europe 
@yoyonb87 I know you like rain and I too, there (in Latvia) is rainy too! Only problem- there is also average wind! 
@ilanamg87 are you in Spain where it falls mainly on the plain? Itsrainong here too 
@ebeinke too bad that #Hulu isn't available here in Germany.  *sigh*
@narchos it was way to expensive  I love them, but 100Euros for a ticket... no way.
The time in Germany went by too fast, only 2 days left   Hopefully I will move here soon.
Rather jealous of my football club who have all gone to Portugal on tour today. They're even playing a Sporting Lisbon veterans side. 
@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 euro 
@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 euro 
@luketurcotte Not having Hulu in Germany sucks 
my to do list is bananas, before i leave for Europe BOOOO 
@vivek1209    Whn r u goin to Europe?
@itsfrankybitch  dont make me sad... i do agree tho it does need some more of SA's magical lyrics
Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen...  But i will show it in the TV at 8 o' clock yeah I love it
@ashleytisdale Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen...  But i will show it in the TV at 8 o' clock
@thebookpolice actually, in Sweden the IKEA's do have rooms to stay the night. Not here though, I'll have to stay across the street. 
@SHARKSHOCKY Hi, California is cool! Here in Budapest/Hungary it's too cold and cloudy today  but usually it's hot in the summer)
@mileycyrus tell me where to vote and I will do so!!!! cause I'm from Germany I don't now where to do it..  btw: I love you and your music
@DawnRichard at least your luggage came. I came back from Paris and the airlines lost all my luggage... 
@ecnmst I'm doing all of Russia today! Because I'm cracking on with Economics tommorow  I'm retaking aswell :/
fire and rain by james taylor fits the style i need for my SA audition perfectly, but i can't find a karaoke track in a high enough key 
@ThadMcCotter U were great, as always. But, can't we do an east Germany on noko? Or at least provoke them &amp; then go in 4 the kill. 
I am sad because I broke my super-awesome giant paper clip I was using for my Italy notes 
@kiks956 aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it, memory's full. plus i wanna take it 2 SA this commin weekend.
Upcoming trip...Italy, France and Belgium...yeah.  Sadly, no Germany.  Surprisingly bummed about that.  Almost a tradition.
@mitchelmusso I cant call you from Europe 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/67swx - i wish i was calling you but i can't from Malta 
@mitchelmusso i would love to call you but i live in Norway so its a little hard 
@rosegraymusic Tuned to listen, but had a 1:30 meeting. Now know that my high school/college French doesn't cut it anymore. 
wants to sign up for the Germany field trip pero no tengo dinero. 
July said &quot;Rome wasn't built in a day&quot; inside a brake! 
missing my phone  i'm so lost without it. i'll be in SA for a whole week next week.
I'm ready to give an arm for an early morning on Beirut's corniche overlooking the Med, or a cortado in Barcelona...is that too much? 
off to bed - 5:30am in Paris, and I have to get up early-ish  zzzzzzzzz
@StephanieBurges im from Ukraine,have been living in Ny on my own for 3 years and haven't been home since 
@dannygokey That happened to me on a flight to Rome. I was wearing sweats and it was 90 degrees there 
I miss Germany so much right now, especially because this icky place gave me allergies   Also Germany is much prettier.
Eating an apple Danish. I expected it to be better 
I'll be out tomorrow so I'm going to miss the live telecast of #notetogod in Italy.  Curses.
so sad her best friend will be in Paris for an entire month 
Kiel is making fun of me because I'm yelling at Africa 
painting my house, but not @ 40 EUR/h 
@Rogues_Gallery mark is my boyfriend. he lives in Spain. and I live in stoopid NZ. it's very lame.  he's @MarkK_H
@30SECONDSTOMARS OMG i want to see you the 20/21 at Paris but its so far of my home 
@30SECONDSTOMARS OMG i want to see you the 20/21 at Paris but its so far than my home 
@AndyCoulthard what kind of weather do you have?! I can't believe it, in Austria it's raining... and snowing  (I wanna have summer!!)
wish i could be in Spain at my cousin Sineads wedding today 
I HATE IT HERE IN GERMANY! I wish I was back home in Cali! 
Safely arrived in Italy!!! AMAZINGGGG. But I miss someone already 
rate doesn't wanna come home from Spain tomorrow  I love it here
Last weekend in Paris, sad to be going home 
Being an immigrant I cannot vote in Danish elections. This is so unfair! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS guys why not Berlin in Germany? then Echelon from Poland could be there. 
Back to Berlin... Croatia and the 33C are gone  I am sure there will be some more #scrum training there ;-)
@30SECONDSTOMARS And Spain?? 
Extremely jealous that my cousins are off to Italy for 3 weeks without me 
had roses delivered to my door today in Paris and I can't believe I have to leave them here tomorrow 
@30SECONDSTOMARS thanks guys for the new summits, but none of them will be in Spain 
Although, I'd much rather be in Italy right now. A year ago, I was... 
scratch that.. one yr students living in Europe left today  slash can i plz get a one way ticket to EUROPE!? stat
@Angeldream05 Pontevico, which is a small town in Lombardy. Ohh! I went to the Italian Alps - can't remember which town though  so pretty
@UndeadTiger I don't believe so but I'm not sure because I didn't watch it either since I don't live in Europe. 
@OneLoneKnight What? Confused - I speak no German 
@artisticme thx good serie you are not at season 6? Season 5 in France only 
@stuartevan I wish I was in Paris 
A year ago I left for Europe 
@greggrunberg Vid is not available in Germany... 
am sooo annoyed at myself...too much social/dj drinking in the last 48 hours has ruined my appetit and am in Italy. what a waste 
@dakotaafanning wow i really wish i was in Italy right now but i can't  i hope you are having fun can't wait to see new moon you rock
@jordanfacey The correct team won in Rome - by a looooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnng way 
no vacation abroad  friends cancelled. Why do my friends do this all the time? Not fair! A trip in Tivoli is not the same as Italy
The Euro stores don't do Oilers crocs 
I got a bad sunburn today, and I live in Norway, where its very cold  I really got to start tanning more often to get used to this sun :o
A rumor has reached my ears of a most alarming nature. More later, but the laptop Nazi has struck so I can't sit around and write today. 
@Rammsteinfans Ya, a new Europe tour, but no American tour 
sad and lonely tonight  bf is off in France. guess i'll be watching BGT final tonight. first time for everything
@Jonasbrothers I will can't go to the concert in Madrid  but I hope go to the next concert in spain! You wish me luck 
@Jonasbrothers Please guys don't forget Barcelona, Spain  We love uuuuuuuuuuuuu so much....it's unjust!
didn't check email during 9 day vacation in Turkey  Now back in Paris  and going through 682 inbox messages 
back in England finally after Paris..ugh, nearly turned round n got the next Eurostar back to Paris 
Between Denmark and Sweden there are No train,No busses,No flight.  Im stuck here 
@alexm No problem man! They wanted 190 Euros 
Very sad about the Grand Prix assignments- http://is.gd/KcXk. Traveling to Japan or Russia isn't in my budget. 
Decending into Berlin. From there it's a 3 hour bus ride to Poland. We all need some sleep! 
I can't find Pisa 
I wish i was going to Paris...not Vietnam 
Ahhh! I can't find my copy of The Birth of Europe and there's no room here far away from everyone else for me to concentrate. 
This time last year I was on a plane to Europe  I wish I was going somewhere exciting than sitting here at home...
yum I really want Oporto now 
http://bit.ly/CooZc  I'm a straight male and I enjoy Euro Pop...there...I said it. So ashamed 
@Aminabuddafly I feel lost without my German lessons 
Leaving Austria today 
I feel like summer is dying and becoming amazing simultaneously, I'm gonna miss my Swedes so, so much. 
Preparing for a 2-week trip to India. Gotta drive down to Frankfurt just to get a Visa... 
Last day in Poland. 
woke up and bought a ticket to Sweden for tonight. and went to bed again.and woke uo again Ckecking the youtube. traveing allnight 
I need to come on twitter moree  Spain 09 soon yayy!!
Finally leaving Sweden...this is going to be a long day 
@NicoleBrincley why ?  well I'm gonna come in Germany aftertomorrow
@siamusic in that case i'll ask again: could you please come to Belgium to perform? 
@dracosoftie Meh no. That requires flying to Germany. I only trust my dentist in Germany. Really terrified of the rest, I acutally freak 
In Paris and already planning a return trip when I'm not stuck in the hotel doing hw 
looking through woolies and coles website to see what food i can get sent to Norway, i miss OZZZZZZZZZZZZ!! 
Off to lunch in Paris, at McDonalds, sooo sad, alas close and quick food is never good...  I WISH I had time to go get something proper 
@bikudesigns I've never been   She was in Paris for a few years prior to Japan and I never made it there either.
@Gracethomo I'm home too now  Spain was really good and dead funny! If I go again I will try go on some rides hahaa!
Paris is livid! she has snapped her strap on her new high heels...more expensive 
@SaiyoukoSensei Italy, Greece and Scotland, I can't wait. I hope I get swine flu though. 
Watching Tour of Belgium and then........#Giro. Cannot imagine Menchov will not pull it off. News of rain? Not good 
The count down begins...10 days left in Europe! 
Home again.. Great weather in Norway too. Tired 
According to the Orange website, or at least what I can gather, my mobile won't work in Germany.  Going to miss baby so much.
is gonna miss Julia when she goes back to Switzerland in 4 weeks  
@Akaasia I'd love to go to Rome  too poor for travel LOL never read the book though
in Croatia.. missing home 
My dad is going to be leaving in one day..off to Turkey and then France..I'm sad he's not taking me with him this time. 
@ChrisTr Russia&amp;Germany Pre 1914? AQA? Least you know enough to make ammendments. I don't remember ANY of it  I will after exams, promise!
It's in Nigeria, for those who didn't know, and it's far far away. The twins will be only 9 months old at that time. I'm so sad about it 
@DonnieWahlberg I wish I had enough money to follow you everywhere even living in Germany!! 
@GlobalPatriot It's tough for sure  But with her going to Switzerland for hospitality and me going to the states. I'm realistic.
@megagiggles I hope I can, too, I love going to Finland as much as I love COB ... it's a question of money (or lack of!) unfortunately 
The coolest glacier in Paris got a 'relooking', and it doesn't look cool anymore   http://www.raimo.fr/
In Paris june 2,3,4 will spend as much time in the plane than there 
@mileycyrus sorry miley! i tried to vote but it said all the voting was closed  good luck from Switzerland
Whaaaaat?? 3am in Europe!! OMGG!! I am like feeling so tired right now and it's just 08:46pm  I so wanna watch it but I can't :'(
is in Spain, only one week left and i'm NOT ready to goooo 
Just a month away from Paris!!!  ...but, sadly, still not sure about where to stay there 
@TomFelton I'd have donated if I'd gotten your 'tweet' sooner! Is it too late now?  And can Americans donate, or is is only in Euros, etc?
@CityLightsFade I'm so jealous i can't be there  Australia's just a bit too far from Europe :p
in SA with no working phone 
I thought it was summer in Denmark, the weather looks at crap as it is here, and we're starting winter 
in Rome and it's raining 
@ultrapampers Oh yes it is, but in Germany everybody has holydays! Unfortunately tomorrow will feel like monday for is 
@ultrapampers Oh yes it is, but in Germany everybody has holydays! Unfortunately tomorrow will feel like monday for us 
Poland was amazing... being back at work today is not 
Surfing in Norway : http://bit.ly/vdBXu (via @KjartanAlvestad) Dissappointed, thought this involved water and boards  LOL
According to French TV: AF has no news, XPDR + COM failure very unlikely, plane was supposed to land at 0910 UTC in Paris. Sounds bad 
@mokargas Triple shot? Such stuff is unavailable in Sweden, sadly 
@neg2led I probably would... I could spree on Etsy... but mustn't. Have Europe trip in 9 weeks and need to save teh monies. 
@fredrikth AF 447 now 3 hrs late into Paris, doesn't look very good 
Having a day off work/Belgian bankHoliday today but I have to be stuck somewhere else than my home. It sucks! No tv, no bed, no laptop! 
wants to forget about exams and go back to Rome 
@jimbofin this will be one more reason for me to visit Madrid again. may be even quite soon. have 2 catch the plane now 
@gilcocker Not sure Gil? I'm still waiting for the next Gen Iphone before I get a contract here in Germany so I can't test it 
@greekpeace it was coming from brazil to Paris. 
@andywalton I'm listening to them on Spotify, but don't think SA can use it yet   Here some info: http://tr.im/n2bl
@calvinharris Nowhere near Germany or Austria 
Probably we will never know what happened to the flight from RIO to Paris 228 people on board 
What a wonderful day, ARI not @ Wacken for the Switzerland this year 
this just in: the first case of swine flu reported in Bulgaria today 
Spain is the stupidest country.. that sounds mean but i have no luggage so i dont care about much right now besides going home 
Everyone keeps asking me if I found the painting I bought in Paris, but its not up so the answer is NO. I lost it in my last move. 
French plane going to paris is lost over the Atlantic :O I would be so scared....I wanna go to Paris 
sooo hot here in London.... nice warm weather outside, 22deg, and hot in the office... Can't believe it's raining in Romania 
@aion_ayase No giveaways for spanish websites??  I know we are not Germany, but.... xD
I miss the food in Italy!!! Whenever I come back from Italy &amp; eat the food here, I feel awful for the first few days....  Need to go back!
845 start today ! going to the airport later. Rikku's going back to Sweden . 
@Kornspace Wish they came to Romania too 
Huh ... E3 starting soon ... times like this make me wish Spain had conventions of some sort 
if I had moved to Paris to shoot some heroin TODAY, I wouldn't make it 
I was suppose to accompany dad to Finland for his official tour today. But didn't 
super glad that the rain stopped; it rained all morning in Roma  time to make dinner and relax! tomorrow's a holiday in Rome = no class!!
http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSTRE5501PB20090601 omg they're all dead  #air France
My sister just left. She's going back to Austria 
@nanikai I am completely jailbroken too, but Sling doesn't exist in Belgium 
@Roam2Rome I wish I had a pic 
@ciaotiga World Tour without Cologne...   maybe next time!
slightly stressing with stupid Germany at the min  help me 
@autenil 1 tivo and the sling are for a friend, so he can watch American TV in Norway... But I do have 4 DRVs in my house right now. 
just found out my hubby planning a boys weekend in the Algarve   no ladies allowed!!
Nothing like a nice hot shower to start off the birthday well.  Eh, lucky Europe. Muse tour there.  I wish they would come here.
@AcePower Totally agree about the post-Italy depression, tomorrow I have classes and I'm not here with my mind yet. I left it in Italy. 
I am sad because Stine my foreign exchange student from Denmark went back home today 
@musewire ohhh common, not a single show in the Baltics! most definitely not cool 
@samantharonson is so sad  they don't know yet if are somme people still  life AIR FRANCE ..from Brasil to France
I'm off to sleep, tomorow I work again....don't wanna  I wanna go back to Spain, to my hunk :'-( I miss him sniff sniff, night everyone
Came back from Belgium. It was lovely but I'm ill now 
it's 1pm here in Italy... and i should sleep...but i can't... 
Friend just left for Germany for 10 days...  Longest ten days of my life 
@rebel It's because of laws in the EU, it should be open to APAC as well tho 
I must confess that the news of the Rio-Paris AirFrance flight crash left me uneasy and frightened. I took the same route 2 weeks ago 
 I feel a cold coming on. Days before I leave. What if they stop me in Germany because of a fever, LOL. H1N1
Feeling sad for those who have lost relatives and friends in the missing French plane 
Kitties were so cute today, up until Toulouse peed on my lap. They were still cute, just I didn't want them on my lap any more. 
is opening his German dictionary since last 2 years or so.. It's amazing how many words I've lost.. 
I love Paris... p.s. I love you... 
My prayers go out 2 da family &amp; frenz of the missing AIR FRANCE plane going from Brazil 2 France ! 
well off to bed first nite back at SA...miss my family and church folk already... 
I'm almost done my French homework, but I'm so tired of writing the summaries 
its going to be a long day at work since my colleague @jargon is off to Italy for training on Linux Clusters. I gonna miss that Guy 
@joeymcintyre @JonathanRKnight You can't go your own way without coming to Spain on tour!!!!! 
missed Conan because I'm i'm Spain. I know I shouldn't complain...but still 
@TheSims3 no it isn't. We, in Europe, have to wait til friday 
@HellenBach morning!  yes i wish they'd hide the peeps away that are waiting at the Paris airport its not right for them 
Just wake up, sun in Rome but cloudly... I think it's goin' to rain 
Weekend in Paris. 4 days of sunshine and cuture. back to Reality 
@bdudney Are you going to WWDC?  I will miss you if you are - going to talk at a KDD conference in Poland 
No sea, no Britney, no France, no dreams coming true this summer?...  not knowing is killing me.
@UniqueGuitarist No ,never  They haven'T been to Germany yet but I heard the wanna come here soon (: Wuu2? x
Concussion is getting better, but unfortunetly I still can't take my German exam tomorrow 
too bad, mitchel mussos's album didnt come out in Estonia .  and i didn't see the Lil'Wayne's album neither. :S saaad.
@indrapr - I envy you, sir, because you are in Paris. And that you have the chance to tweet it. 
 Parts of Airfrance 447 found near the coast of Senegal.
Oh want so bad to see one of Beyonces show on her tour. But it's expensive, and I live in Norway so I have to travel 
Hmm, top 4 places to live: 4) Vancouver, Canada 3) Geneva, Switzerland 2) Zurich, Switzerland and #1) Vienna, Austria...where's NYC?? 
where is the amazing silence from Denmark? 
flying back to Germany today..already miss home  feels like I am going to cry until boarding time...well, see u tomorrow 
Women pool-8 tournament @ Entry, Kaunas, Lithuania was absolute record - 29 participants! And I am the 9th, looser... 
whoa...the library is soooo small ;) I think I should not compare it to Germany. Only found management related books  #manila #diplarbeit
Marmite on toast and a cuppa tea FT(British)W. Missing speaking French and Spanish after 5 days of Euro loveliness though 
@eddieizzard here in Eskilstuna, Sweden the weathe is, as you use to say, poo. gray and rainy and a bit windy as well 
next Month there in Germany studens have got holydays. yey ! but I have a problem I coldent speak any german. 
@MersAppletree yeah  I just decided to go with Austria cos I didn't know about it until then.
Oh no!!!! It's going to rain....    ...... XOXO..... (Germany)
@roguebluejay My best mate at school was Anglo-Dutch. He only flew to Venezuela to visit his parents once a year for the summer holiday 
@Silver_Craig hey lovie! I'm back from Italy. 
the Austria of the early morning had gone from this little nowhere town.  At lunchtime it was more like Benidorm. 
traffic is awful today in Paris!!! &amp; I spent all day in my car 
Poolside w the gang. The boys leave for Europe tmrw 
I miss Finland 
@Dannymcfly you never answer.. dont you like your hungarian fans?do you know where is Hungary?  please answer now..just a message 
http://twitpic.com/6hovn - I miss this soo much  It was so magical and happy, Paris is amaaazing. I want to go back sooon!!!
oh goodness. Norway might be getting too attached.   &quot;thinking about you...&quot; what to do??
Hey @jonasbrothers *Hi guys! Why don't you come to Barcelona? I'm so disappointed   a Hug from Spain!  * #jonasliveonfb
Leaves for Europe 3 weeks from today!! And come back 8 weeks from today 
Hey @jonasbrothers *type your question here* #jonasliveonfb Why can't you go to Barcelona, Spain? Please to explain it 
Glacier retreat in the Swiss Alps  http://bit.ly/NyG2O
@dharmaputra there were people from all over the world.  British, French, Brazilian, Filipino, Turkish, German, Hungarian and others...
@OfficialThrice Why are u in Paris and you aren't playing guys?? that's insane 
I'm back in Germany, mom and twin are somewhere in the air... back to reality I guess... 
@sepulturacombr How bad your shows in Germany are so far from Berlin 
@jtimberlake NOT available in my country (Switzerland) 
is feeling very ill again, boo  but is hoping everyone is voting in tomorrow's EU &amp; Local elections! 
Apparently there was a major #Aion EU Closed Beta key giveaway. The problem was that it took place in the middle of the night of Europe. 
Packing to leave Sweden.... 
Our mobile operators in Slovakia are in deep silence. Maybe we do not share same EU as Czech. Still msg in roaming for 10SKK 
lil afraid that the NKTOB won't come back in Europe this year so looking for sum flight to summer tour but too expensive  cry cry
@babygirlparis Aw hello Paris, your so gorgeous. I'm jealous  How are you?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Nynorsk   (Norway's secondary language)
@olyamihailova He is in Sweden today and I can't go and see him. So I am a bit sad. 
OK, I give up on getting a Timbuk2 bag in Austria 
damn, I will be in Denmark at the time Coldplay will give their concert there in Roskilde.And I cannot make it   http://tinyurl.com/o2q7b6
@searchjaunt other stuff I bought had no taxes added but I might have just been lucky - not found any EU sites that offer the same 
@rsborges tell me about it. landed in flip flops yesterday  guess I forgot I was coming to Germany  sooo cold
*sad face* @ the guy who called me at 7am yesterday from Germany but 4got to call me later 
leaving my house!  in 20 minutes... off to beautiful Germany!
@cinemabizarre I am so sad that I missed you!  I really wanted to see you in Paris.
Hates that she is going to Europe without her Pookie. 
@pixelghetto not really, but the biggest issue is that Spreadshirt.net doesn't deliver anything outside Europe. 
@AceyBongos You say All of Europe, but still no news of expanding XLive to currently unsupported countries ? 
Really can't be bothered to revise Nazi Germany today, don't even know where to start. Can't wait till this is all over. 
@Imiz Do you know that Spain has the highest unemployment rate... beat Latvia even.. 
make a project  about Germany an France .-!
@MissDibbs aww...im sorry  Paris is coming...
And i have 2 wait a long time until mitchel's album comes out in Norway 
@iOctocat I want your codes bad, but I live in Sweden 
Germany stole one of my bestest buddies.  I'm starting not to like my heritage.;)
@ironmanrecords airport  to get band and then Bochum for the first AllAmericanRejects date. TMing the support @sparkstherescue
first friday! I wish i was in SA right now 
I wish I was graduating in Sicily. 
So tired! Paris is wearing me outtt... Missing the boyfriend already 
I wish I could live in Italy and learn Italian!  someone rescue me from work!
@NKOTB Hey guys we miss U so much we are so sad  make a full service tour in Europe.....Kisses from France
I am working hard on my project based on EU politics. 
@kristenstewart9 Here in Bergen(Norway) we don't have fruit loops  Is it any good?
@jenaeh unfortunately not as I'm living in Germany  wish I could see her though.
cannot watch the a-ha video! We're not in Germany... 
@annetteschwindt cannot watch the a-ha video! We're not in Germany... 
@trent_reznor: NIN/Alec Empire!!! awesome, too bad I'm in FL &amp; not Europe 
@30STMluva I'm sorry for you..I hope that they'll come here, in Italy!! I miss them so much!! 
watchin television &amp; thinkin about different things haha Good Night.. Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but in Berlin 
I've been feeling a bit Moldova lately. 
@blessedsister Wish I could get this in Germany! 
@citra78 no fair! Belgium can't have no Spotify  What was it? Ger
This class gets better and better everyday.  For realz.  Only four more days of class. 8 more days in Paris. 
@fobroxmisox yay!! it will never end..but here in Belgium it's already the 6th  #petewentzday #petewentzday #petewentzday #petewentzday
@justamoochin I quite like the Danes but am a alittle suspicous of the Swedes - they r honourary Swiss 
wants to see Muse on tour, but sadly does not live in Europe. 
Is pissed that I want be living with people I know in Italy WTF?!?!?  
@Lemon8 populism seems to be global trend atm. In Slovakia we have that shit for 2 years now 
Paris has an eye infection! 
second case of A/H1N1 flu in Bulgaria 
Goooood morning the World! I wish you all a very nice day! (rainy in Paris  )
Paris and normandy have not pulled the nicest weather for the president's visit  and it was so nice yesterday
this is an election day in Latvia - local municipalities and European Parliament. Still can't decide 
Why do'nt the have TOPSHOP in the Netherlands, almost start crying !! 
My 14 days of Spotify access from Germany have ended  #fb
up and nearly ready for the aquarium! don't want to say byeeeee to nick though, another one off to smelly Paris 
@honorsociety I want see you guys so much, but your tour doesn't reach to Finland  of course not.
i wish there was a decent ebay style site for SA  poof!    the genie says &quot;your wish is granted - http://www,bidfox.co.za&quot;
i wish there was a decent ebay style site for SA  poof! the genie says &quot;your wish is granted - http://www.bidfox.co.za&quot;
Leaving Germany  ill miss it...... Now on to Italy!!!! So excited!
I'm sitting on my favourite chair in the rainy Germany 
ashleytisdaleLeaving Germany  ill miss it...... Now on to Italy!!!! So excited!
going to watch Ghosts of Rwanda. soooo sad. 
@ashleytisdale AWESOME ! I love Italy ! Are you coming to France ?! 
I miss Germany toooooo  &lt;/3
@Davos_the_greek yeah its blurrier than it's meant to be 
65 years ago 2 the day 1000s lost their lives fighting Nazis on the French beaches, 1000s vote Nazi across the UK  http://bit.ly/naGqO 
What the hell. I wake up to rain in Spain 
In Paris for the weekend. It's raining 
I want to go to Lithuania sooner. I can't wait anymore. 
@brunolovesbrit I wanna cry  , if I can come Italy and Brit goes I'm dragging u with me !
Just back from Germany  I miss it!!!
Leaving Germany  ill miss it...... Now on to Italy!!!! So excited!
@ashleytisdale Italy??   how long are you staying in Europe ?
@LennyKravitz ...I'm really sad about that....cheers from Italy 
My best friend is going back to Germany today annd i am the most depressed person right now it sux  i hate this
Having a trip down memory lane @ 's Hertogenbosch before continuing the trip 2 Belgium - Not looking fwd 2 it. 
why is @dannymcfly heartbreakingly handsome lately. I envy the argentinians! They get to kiss him at Congo bar. 
@ArmyofNightwish I'm angry that I don't live in or Finland 
@LaurenConrad I want a copy of it... but in Italy there isn't yet 
@BETHBRITTBRAND  is not just Florida's sunny and it rains in France arf 
back home - wanna go back to the Bodensee!  / trying to write a text for markus' new lovesong... need some inspiration...
@Bass_ what happens in the EU elections btw? i mean what are u voting for? sorry, dont know much about EU elections. 
In Austria is bad weather   
I'm sad ! I will not go to the concert of the Jonas Brothers on 26 november in Paris !                   
It's raining in Germany. 
@1capplegate BOO  i know you are upset but never compare Italy to France,it's kinda offensive.We hate France.
@JackAllTimeLow  why didnt you came to Spain finally? 
@mileycyrus please come to Belgium 
There is really nothing interesting in cinemas right now... And Belgium is the only country with no free pojection of #home 
@Fightstarmusic Now you are in Germany...when are you going to come to Spain? 
-&gt; @glynmoody my poor Spanish leaves me completely dependent on @phuertas &amp; others to tell what is going on in Spain 
-&gt; @keydon I think @phuertas is implying that Gates does not understand Spain or Extremadura. Not sure bc my Spanish sucks 
wish that someone actually cared abou celebrating Swedens national day 
@gregjames big match, isn't it? I've never seen a cricket game in my life! In Italy it's all about football...and I find it sooo boring!  
#eu09 Just gave my vote to EPP in hope for a sane and economy-aware parliament. Voter turnout traditionally low in Slovakia 
Norway lost against Makedonia 
Two bodies found from that missing Paris plane.   http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/brazil_plane
I wanna go to my 2nd World Cup but I also wanna save  decisions decisions... Germany was AWESOME!! Sth Africa like heaps of fun hmm...
Just told a random old Swiss woman that I'll be attending her bible study tomorrow. She's so gonna be let down  bless her though
@sasrithorn I miss Spain too! 
@thediamondsky done the Germany trip at school, but they only did it every other year and I couldn't 
Croatia already scored against Ukraine within first 2 minutes of World Cup qualifying game. 4 minutes in and Ukraine not playing well  
Eek they've found the body of a passenger who was on the air France flight that vanished 
Throat still fucked  in bed watching Italy vs n Ireland , bored bored bored , wanna be getting fucked up !
Last day with my grandparents before they go back to Italy 
Denmark scored in the first half of the game, it sucks big time 
I think I need to teach Germany about bacon 
Ukraine 2 Croatia 2 after 68 minutes.  
@j0emccray i wish i could get to ShakaCon - unfortunately I am studying in Italy and am lacking funds 
Booze And soccer, but Sweden is fucking losing 
I can't believe it :O Denmark won over Sweden for the first time in 13 years - this is a disaster 
Denmark won against Sweden with 1-0 
just broke up with my rbffl  now i'm looking for a new one if i cant get my old one back! I'm pulling a Paris!
Sweden lost to Denmark in fotball just now. 1-0 to Denmark. That sucked and we didn't play very well if I should be completely honest. 
@crystalchappell Sad because Sweden lost the soccergame to Denmark 1-0 
@namecheap Spain - thats a guess 
Sweden lost to Denmark in the World Cup Qualifying game.  One man can't make a team! Change the f***king coach!
Sweden - Denmark 0-1 no world cup next year... 
*sigh* I wanna go to Paris sooo bad..  or atleast have a knee-high eifel tower in my room...  http://twitpic.com/6rvrn
The future is here: http://www.lukew.com/ff/entry.asp?830 Unfortunately Romania lives the past. 
Hanging out with @carrleyy tonight before she leaves to Europe tomorrow 
I'm from Norway, and it's impossible to obtain it here 
...I Miss Germany 
Sailor Hubby just called. First half of his flight to Spain is in the bag. Next up, overnight to Madrid. 
Almost all packed up and ready to go for tomorrow! Too bad the friggin rain ruined my last night in Italy 
Portugal scores on Albania in 93' to stay alive...seriously?! @iamsolrac Croatia survives 1-2 scare-good job! @Igors&amp;Jay UAE is out  #fb
@drewseeley it's not easy to see your show when i live in Sweden.... 
@laurtje It'll be in Belgium soon! Besides... I don't have money right now 
Flying back to Belgium already tomorrow 
@jordanknight sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo wish I could be there! I'd be soooooooooooooo ready;) too bad I live in Europe 
so there will be no redemption now will there   bye bye SA
@thestuffguy Don't remind me   They only had blue in stock &amp; I couldn't wait anymore. Leaving 4 Italy in 10 days so it's blue or nothing.
Watching tv and bed with @bencohn. He's leaving for Rome early tomorrow 
Wow, didn't really expect to hear that dissappointing news today, it's the German's fault! NOT FAIR! 
Leaving Germany  ill miss it...... Now on to Italy!!!! So excited!
@jordanknight can't be the Euro.comp winner then 
election day in Germany and I have the afternoon shift  but the people than will be nicer and younger there...
Sitting in managerial accounting rather than roaming around Europe  
Yay its sunday!! but skool 2morrow  Its really hot today so maybe going to the aquaparc,, its soooo cool!!!!!!!! xxxx its 11.06 here Spain
#macca09 waiting at swim start, bored, cold wet weather at #Challenge France  ! http://twitpic.com/6tiuo
Ate breakfast with Thijs, after seeing The Netherlands beat Iceland 1-2. now preparing for a huge working sunday afternoon 
Sitting with @jesspisani + @bpisani + @jazzamagoo watching the Band workshop here in Rome Italy.. Last day..  Gonna miss everyone here!
Ow darn it, we have to stay in our parental summerhouse in the south of France for a couple of days... and it has a swimming pool 
Reading newspaper before I have a shower. And afterwards going to the Euro election. I am sure, there will be no exciting #boobs there. 
I should be in Istanbul now, watching the Turkish Grand Prix. 
Some EU citizens get 2 ballots (from 2 different countries) for EU election. Some get none.  Bruxelles needs IA/UX/#contentstrategy ppl!
In the train back to Paris. Due to stomach flu, its really painful for me to stay 5 hours down on my seat. 
In the summer holidays in Denmark...	 I would prefer in the sun 
just got back from Paris 
leaving Rome today 
still planning to learn for the German writing test, still haven't done anything for it. im too lazy 
Missing Malta and longing to go back 
it' s raining for days in Germany 
Just found out Suzanne Vega is playing in Birmingham... when I am in France: gutted!! 
Local/Euro election misery! 
ICC T20 or French open or Turkey GP 
I missing both F1 and French open final due to this furniture work. 
wants to go shopping in Sweden.  Why is everything so cheap in Sweden?
@dulani247 No I haven't, they were in Norway once, but I lived to far away  butbutbut tell me!!! How was it!?
had a dream about Italy...miss home 
www.valledellaluna.net - No trip to Sardinia  this summer.  
@fraserspeirs you think you have it bad? I'm not even going to Paris! 
@sarahcarina grml I cannot watch it cause music videos are not streamed anymore here in Germany 
@kalanwarrick miss you  your Spain pictures on facebook look so fun though!!
TV direction in Paris, is artsy-fartsy abysmal 
Helped @audybaby get ready for her trip to Europe yesterday and this morning. Now I'm all alone for three weeks. 
Plan for tomorrow: Monaco then France, through Holland, Denmark &amp; finally... Sweden! Tiring stuff  #fb
Lyon has redeemed France for me, I &lt;3 it and all its delicious romanticism... too bad my love bunny is training in the desert in Cali 
I have all the sims 2 games... what is the different om sims 2 and 3 ? please tell me... sims 3 is not in Denmark yet 
Mulhouse - live Cocu  http://twurl.nl/mbbj5v
@sanderzz They have to clear the rights for each show or film for each region. So it might take a while before it's available in Belgium. 
@ashleytisdale I am sooo envious of you. I wanna be in Italy 
My exchange sister is heading off to Germany! I miss her so much. Now I'm an only child again... 
@ashleytisdale I'm so happy u r in Italy!! I'm Italian!! but unfortunately i won't be able to come to Rimini 
What a shitty weather in Paris... 
@drhorrible shipping costs are too expensive for Spain... 
i wish Hot Topic were in Norway too. 
There is no hope for darkness up here in Northern Finland 
It's sad to vote for the less bad ... just because it's impossible to find a good one in Spain 
@ankitvoldi hehe true ! I missed the opportunity to watch it live .. though i was in Paris 
Coming back early just on purpose to vote for Europe and now stuck in stupid delayed train... grrrr 
Only 40% of Finnish people voted on EU elections  It seems to be hard to understand where decisions are made these days.
@ashleytisdale Do you know how annoying it is that you're in Europe but I cant go and see you?  come to Sweden! &lt;3
@GrahamHill @wimrampen even after living 1.5 yrs in Switzerland, find it very hard 2 reconcile 2 the fact that countries in Eur r smaller 
there is not much to watch at TV. it's all about the results of today's elections for the Flemish government 
EU elections first results: I guess we need now to rebuild social democracy from scratch again... and again... 
I wonder how much the summer program in Italy costs at SVA. im sure more than 5Gs 
I am eating cookies that remind me of the cookies i used to eat in Spain  wish i was back there
I wish I could drink a @Starbucks coffee here in Milan, ... but they told me that there are no Starbucks in  Italy 
I can't believe it: Belgium's political scene has changed back into how it was 20 years ago: FUCKING CONSERVATIVE!! 
@rgoodchild In my dreams, i all of a sudden appear at Frankfurt airport in Germany. Sounds harmless, but terrible nightmare to me 
@ClementineNYC The weather was terrific for 2 months and now it is cold   I am very happy nevertheless, just frustrated with my German!
Greens lose 1 in Austria  #eu09
Salzburg was nice today, but the train was a pain in ze arse...construction.  Neuschwanstein tomorrow...earlier than usual 
Disappointed by the European elections.  
cherry hill mall.. nice! jus had crepes for lunch, made me miss Paris  i'll be back soon tho!
@sjdvda ok.other thing I can't understand is have dinner at 7pm In Spain we have dinner at 9 or 10pm I'll be very hungry during the night 
Seems the only EU-sceptic party in Sweden lost all of it's seats in the parliament  #eu09
Europe is laughing, the real Italy is crying 
@caseyspooner .. but not in Italy  btw, good luck FS!
#Europe's class schism: cosmopolitans v populists. Christian democrats still in the lead: subsidized agriculture secured, no real change 
So stop thinking that the German Autobahn is just about being the fastest, I now know you can get a fine for speeding 
I want to go and see my friends tomorrow but shes is Spain 
@DeborahLincoln It's alright, they've got friends in several other EU states unfortunately 
Oldest son is not impressed, his college co-op experience will probably be in Germany instead of the beautiful new Zealand!! 
@xpb well I'm in bed but I can't fall asleep  I'm in Italy here it's 1242 am  LOL what about u?
scrapin' some pictures of one of Kieran's best friends who is moving to Germany this week 
Anyone know how the other far right parties in Europe are doing? guessing it will be equally depressing reading for the morning though  
@cedarwaxwing Their votes just awarded the far right with a seat in the EU parliament. For shame. 
@apdunne I guess that all over Europe they are under that delusion, unforch...Netherlands also fucked up for one... 
Just as one wakes to a carpet of white dung when it snows overnight, I'm worried I'll wake to an EU parliament full of racists. #hitler 
#eu09 it's a new day for Italy (except for northwest and sicily) 
Greens wiped out in Italy 
does NOT like that friends are leaving to go home to Europe   
My friend moving to France is becoming too REAL !!!  
@thatpoliticsguy too late, he's won, off to Europe he goes on our behalf 
@terrysaunders At least you don't live here and have to wake up tomorrow knowing one of your &quot;voices&quot; in Europe is a fascist 
I feel bad for my friends in Europe. 
@jl_x3 yeah, also they will recieve funding from the EU, which we, as taxpayers, will fund 
Cindy wants a flag of : UK , Ireland, Italy, Japan, Brazil &lt;3 But how ?  THAT'S the problem.
Really looking forward to seeing Iceland again... even if it's only the airport 
im going to miss my dear friend fe. She's going to Germany in 2 weeks 
I seriously fear that reading Paris Hilton's tweets is doing serious damage to my IQ 
@XOXOsukanya I've always considered first class for the India to Europe leg. When are you going? My cousin is being a douche 
Breakfast in Switzerland, lunch in Germany and midnight snack in Denmark. But first I need to catch a super early flight from Sweden 
is jealous @conceitedwombat is gallivanting across Europe and wishes she could be in her place!! 
Just found out there wont be any more 'Bones' on German telly for a while o____O Utterly sad now 
I drive to school  and happy news and the holidays i fly to new york and then to Paris ;) jetleglive i come ;p
@djscratch nevermind but it seems to be a kool movie.In France EPMD is A reference 4 real hip-hop fans,but here hip-hop is misunderstood 
is excited about Norway! But is not looking forward to saying goodbye to the three most awesome people ever 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7ev20 - It really sucks that we have to wait longer in Denmark! 
@MarleeMatlin It is killing me that I can't buy your book here in Sweden! 
@kaeru I'm (again!) missing This Happened, have to move my girl from Switzerland to here   (which is a good thing!)
@NathanFillion never fly out of Malta, they do so much fireworks all over the island it looks like they are celebrating that you're gone 
Denmark is cold even in the beginning of summer 
Studying Spain for exam on friday  what for ???
Paris is wow-ish, but now I have to leave 
It's raining sooo much in Paris 
standing in the longest line *ever* to wait to check my bag  *&lt;3.SA.&lt;3*
wish I was packing my bags for Europe like I was this time last year 
Boo! @JoZiegler and Katarina have left to go home to Germany tomorrow. I'll miss them 
Germany, no sun 
my mum and dad are in Paris soon 
Its funny how much I stand out here in Paris... I want to blennnd in lol... and I have runs in my tights 
Morocco D-10 ... I need some sun ... awful weather in Paris 
@DivineStorm Europe is completely off the rails though. I wanted a socialist federal europe but that's never going to happen 
Switzerland, Zurich: aya bar - drinx and talx: waiting 30 minutes for a snack. After a friendly reminder the waiter gets on to me ... 
Thanks to my worldwide Oneye friends I've found out there is yet another copycat at work   This time in Denmark.
@mattcrandall Plain cheerios seriously rock me.  Crunch berries are a close second.  Both are almost impossible to find in France. 
wishing I could talk to my lovely lovely Ellen. MAAOW. I hate that I am in Finland and she in Sweden.  Distans is shit.
My sister is celebrating her birthday in Germany ..n i'm stuck here in pune !!wish i were there too. Arrrgh 
Why can't I block traffic updates from Norway?  I've tried several times, but the updates keep coming!  AARRRGGGGHHHHH!  
OK, I guess I'll have to buy my XBOX in Switzerland 
too much bad weather in Sweden 
I'm gonna miss the Italy match  unless...I find an eating house that will have supersport on tonight
@DavidArchie i just flew this morning! but it wasnt long enough that i got to sleep alot  where are flying to? back home? *&lt;3.SA.&lt;3*
@treevis still in Paris for a couple more days. got some work to finish 
another cricket game on tonight, but I can't watch because of some quest to find the prettiest tall girl in Finland.... need another TV 
Vodaphone robbed me Croatia must wait til Thurs 
What a day! The weather is pretty awful in Germany and I have headaches. 
aahh.. just missed a call from my dad, who's working in Switzerland until next november   He's suppose to call again later this week..
@wesupportniley It`s looks like 1996 is to young or that Sweden not is able to vote 
@ThereSkippy I'd really like one of them, but at a rate of 45 EURO per month? Probably not .. 
@rodrigomx http://twitpic.com/7h41m - Solidarity from Poland. 
@SoftToy but @peoplefight lives in Norway haha! 
Just realized I'm missing the U.S. vs. Italy game... awesome. 
US VS Italy in confederations cup n I'm stuck at work  Why can't they ever do these matches on the weekend?
three days left in Spain 
@lilmissdainty very wise.    Only just got back from day trip to Paris.   Absolutely shattered 
Yes it's summer!!!!!! Lovin it here in Germany, but we got rained on all day!!!!!!  
@emilycrocker I know what you mean... exams start tomorrow.  but then next tuesday I leave for Spain and France for 14 days. 
You don't got a man down vs Italy with an hour remaining and hope to win.   #USMNT. #USSoccer
@CharlatAnne the Danes left dont care bout them.Therz a guy in my group, French Algerian guy. Love Have Fallen I. But girlfriend there be 
Aww no! Third goal for Italy in stoppage time. Respectable 2-1 loss a man down turns into a blowout. 
Germany vs. Spain 0:0 
stupid ticket policy of the German Tour of Rammstein... I want a ticket 
getting ready for boxing class..oww my tummy hurts  *ibruprofen* here i come haha.. *&lt;3.SA.&lt;3*
@Alyssa_Milano Baseball has no following in Europe at all &amp; it saddens me as I love baseball. It's miles better than cricket! 
It appears as though the best laid plans are being screwed up by a couple of German grandparents. 
Back in Belgium!  I could get used of Dalmatia! #fb
@soultravelers3 I regret not making enough time to visit Pompeii when I visited Italy 
(Paris) it's a rainy day, halleluja... it's a rainy day 
@malijasmin hey Mali hun .. my internet was down most all weekend   did you see that ANAMOLY is finally finished ???
@jonaskevin We want u back in Spain .. 
IN GERMANY! 1:43h but I cant sleep...Jetlag 
@AlexanderChow I felt a little discomfortable that you retweeted my retweet like I was claiming the German gov was corrupt... 
please stop requiring me to enter 'State' in address forms. there are no such things in fucking Denmark. we're tiny, you know. 
It makes me sad when I think that I'd be leaving for Europe in a month a year ago...  I miss my P2P people 
I am soooooo sad because this guy I like CAllum is in Rome for 12 days!!!!!!!! and I miss him!! I talk to him 24/7 usely  I want him back!
@spazziness When would that be? I'll prob still be stuck in Germany then... 
I'm about to kill this 3liter bottel of Poland Spring!!! I luv it...but its no ice 
@Destati_hxn I know.  Europe has a totally different &quot;vibe&quot; to it.  I have family all over Europe I'd love to visit.  But, no $$$ 
Forget Paris on HBO....which just makes me miss Paris AND the NBA. 
Is on the way to Spain, yay! ...but Landy arches are rubbing slightly with the load 
To fly from China to Germany through India is not that easy  Lufthansa just offered to fly to India through Germany. ENVIRONMENT?!
raining cats and dogs in Bavaria  the right weather to work
I'm watching Taken and I want to cry. I'm sad  I will never go to Paris or Russia
On the way from Malta we had lost diving equipment worth 1,5K $ and realized this weekend 
@irisvarsi Are you sure, it's out already ? I don't think so  In Estonia, this stuff is ALWAYS late 
Getting ready for Sweden today (leave tomorrow) and have to do some office work before even thinking of writing #trancetuesday post 
@MRGOULD Why are you not coming to Spain? 
Taxes part one: Done. And why did no-one tell me I lived in Portugal? 
I've been in Czech Rep. for almost three weeks and I still have a tendency to drive on the left when I'm not concentrating. 
My clients could not review the new logos I did because they're drinking cocktails  at the Fiji islands. Greeeetzt from rainy Munich 
I really wish http://www.mint.com was available in Germany. An app that looks so very useful, yet I can't use it bc of that.  #mint.com
I wish I could go and see Duffy when she comes to Mamaia (Romania). 
In Luxembourg - lovely sunshine but gotta be indoors working 
i'm going to Paris today...and guess what...I'M ILL!!!  so not fair. they better let me on that plane. oh and @stacepoynter i'll try ;)
@robromoni You are welcome! This news will be spread around in Europe &amp; the rest of the world! WTF d*mned, I'm up to some positive news! 
shopping @ Paris,but only in my dreams 
Post #lemans:  24 hour drive back to Denmark   Cousin has horrific sunburn - blisters the size of a fist and weeping - yuck!
@JDohy the horrible thing is there are no real hard and strict guidelines for manufacturers. I think there is a EU max..but dunno what. 
Sometimes I hate Germany, too 
Leaving for Spain for 10 days!!! I'm gonna miss u guys so much 
wants to go go the Paris air show 
@peterfacinelli Another greeting from Slovakia.I do my best to get you as many followers as possible, but I think you will lose  so sorry
@mint910 I bet she would let you read it all that you want - but its in Danish 
I wish i could see Madonna in Europe this summer 
100$ for the German book  Why are books so expensive here?
Cdon is where I ordered LVATT from &amp; now it saids that it`s coming tomorrow when LVATT is already in Europe! 
@BlondieDC I'm hoping for Rome everyday I'm on call 
Public holiday today ins SA, back to work tomorrow...  I only now started enjoying my day off 
What mass singing is to Europeans  http://twurl.nl/nqlkqc  In de catagorie takkeherrie. 
@taylorswift13 I can't watch it  It's not on tv here in Norway.. But I voted for you 
@aplusk And no soccer in Europe (Denmark) at all. I totally agree, the most depressing time of the year 
missing Paris = +missing you too 
Europe in 5 days!!! science exam  @camilleblais bleh ! i dont get vectors @TheEmster
@deadfreedom I'm so so so jealous! Prague   Could you see if you could find some Becherovka Lemond for me? Just a tiny bottle!
@nickjonas Hey! Do you know when it comes out in Europe. Estonia is a small place and today it was not in the music store 
Everyone is in Madrid at @laredinnova and all i got is this lousy tweet 
@tyleroakley well... i HAVE a car and would like to go on a road trip through Europe... but I don't have the time 
Just back from two weeks off-net on sunny Mallorca. Fixed the dodgy bath-tap washer and now the main is dripping  What's been happening?
@RyanStar I'd have loved to purchase the EP, but it wasn't available in Spain 
@miannreyes Really? I wasn't able to watch again.  Mali pala, I stopped at episode 11 palang (
I miss Paris   
No iphone update available in Austria yet 
I miss Italy .. 
Yesterday twitter was off here in Italy  Bot now it work. Yesterday i did very nice training: 4,5 hrs, 4 high climbs, 115 km (63 miles)...
@monalisa91 Pretty good with the exception of school. lol It's a shame Britney won't go to Italy.  I feel for you!
Finland. What's great about it, what sights should I catch? I'm leaving for Finland in a week. Packing now. Can't find my new bikini.  
@bodenschatz10 Over here in Europe, we have to wait even longer 
@esben_thomsen wow, love your new banknotes!! We had great looking money until the Euro 
Morning all - been away in Paris, got ill, French food ain't all that! 
have just turned down two tickets to Paris on the euro star for next thursday, I used to be so impulsive 
Home today to rain  want to take this lovely Malta sun with me!
... 24 hours preparation. Which means a lot of pressure : / So my German exam actually starts on monday at 8am 
@chriscornell I cant believe youll b here in Portugal next month and I dont have any money now to go to Lisbon and see you 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - woww I wish I was there can't wait to buy the album but it hadn't been releaded in Malta  ca ...
@ian_watkins hey! cannot fucking WAIT for the new album!! desperate to come see you guys again but i can't  any chance of coming to Spain?
@almostidealist - It would serve you right if Europe turned up to do a cameo performance now! Slightly thinned poodle cuts and all  Urrgh
@S60mobi lucky you, i have to wait until t-mobile Germany has it 
my new video is online:  http://twurl.nl/ucruic it's in German though  Clothes, accessoiries, weight loss
@boonious I can't afford to go all the way to Malaysia  but failing that thinking maybe France, meet up with old bf Pierric
I should have mixed my French fries with my rootbeer float.  I want more nao.
I hav a cold  and I'm goin to Paris in 3 days any tips people to get rid of a cold - lyk fast!
@manishwebmaster I'm sorry but I can only accept applicants that are part of the EU. 
@hatebreed it's too bad, you're in Germany and I cannot come to see you 
shopping time!!! wish we have marshalls in Germany  
Wishing I could do what Spain is doing right about now 
siesta&gt; got $ changed to Euros, spent morning unpacking boxes of teaching supplies for camp next week... jet lag starting to hit now 
I reeaaaallly want to watch Spain play today but I can't 
GNAMPF! Germany just sucks, I wanna live in Norway 
packing up to go back home  I'm gonna miss Spain! 
The cd haven't come out in Bulgaria yet..I can't wait..wish they were faster 
the cd LVATT hasn't come out in Bulgaria yet..i can't wait..wish they were faster 
1 gcse left, chillin but can't find the Spain game on tv 
I wish there'd be warm summers in Lithuania, like in Philippines... 
Follow #ccdcoe for updates from the conference on #cyberwar in Tallinn, Estonia.  I am not there 
My parents just landed in Naples Italy why am I not with them??? oh yeah work  I wish I could have gone!!!
@noelthevenet Kindle does not work in Europe. These made up internet &quot;borders&quot; are super annoying 
Paris was awesome, but I'm struggling today 
@aion_liv  Why so late? It's the end of the day in EU and CE editions seem unavailable now  *sigh*
can't get any uncharted 2 EU beta codes people are too fast!  @cbalestra
oh yea, roomies just went to Paris and Switcherland.. the house is gonna be empty 
@karinhoegh I'm refreshing the upgrade-button like a maniac - nothing in the southern part of Denmark either 
@ddlovato wish I could come to see you but I can't! I live in Italy 
@changibedsheets I'm not a huge fan of German speaking actors  I do like two or maybe three but that's it. 
gah, I'd give anything to go to Europe 
@isaiah same here in Germany ... no activation possible 
1 more week in Italy 
I am so sad to be back from Sicily - I want to live there! I am missing all of the glorious sunshine 
is back from Italy and back to work.  
Oh Germany, where are you heading to?  #zensursula
I am sick!!   my brother is in Europe without me 
Just got an email about a job in Germany but I can't take it now 
Lisbon....It's no fun buying beer in Euros any more  Ouch!
dreaming about Europe whilst going to work... 
@BarryLouzada coming up to Bloem on the 17th for the Spain vs Iraq game should get together for a beer after. I'm in CT 
@dave020 Belgium and Spain!? Damn!! What an Envy!! and SKY1 not broadcast in America  .. pls take a lot pics!!! have a great TWO shows!!!
AHH!  I missed the call with my Madrid itinerary, and when I called back, they had closed...9 minutes prior.  I have to call tomorrow 
@peruvianchik I don't know how to work this   I feel like an ol' lady.  It says I have 8 followers, but I see 2.  P.S. Spain was fabulous!
@JesseMcCartney you were in my neighborhood Little Italy..and i didnt see you... im sad 
Just watched SYTYCD! Lovedd it, sad Paris was gone though 
Both the King of Belgium and Larry Page stopped by our little office in Belgium this week... while I was out of town in another office 
@lemonissimo I think the reason I twitted so much in Italy, there was so much to do &amp; see! Here it's just working through videos... 
really wishes i could go to Spain and France with her friends to 
i really want to go to Spain and France with my friends too 
@nylonkaren I may not be coming to Europe for a quite a while I think..  I have some things to take care of here first.
@LennyKravitz between Vienna and Slovakia there was another place...Debrecen.... 
Hey Facebook! Only show Dutch &amp; English applications in my news feed please! Stop the Polish, Italian, Bulgarian &amp; Turkish apps! 
I'm  coze we didn't win the match that was with Spain yest......
is devastated his partner of over 3 years has left him today and moved to Gibraltar 
25% of men in SA admit to rape. I think I'm going to be ill.  http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/jun/17/south-africa-rape-survey
@fabulousmuscles but it's in German! (can't read)   ` congrats, anway!
@Change_for_Iran from Paris, France : follow me and I'll DM you some suggestions. Trying to help  ... Good luck.
has just remembered the horrible dream she had just before waking up, about being in Germany and watching a plane crash 
is so upset  i want to leave to Italy asap
@StevieDeMann hey! It's coming to the German stores tomorrow  But I still cuddle with my 3 G ;-)
Going out with mum and dad before they go back to Malta tomorrow! 
@majornelson @aceybongos I still can not download Rocket Riot (but the other two new arcade games released). I am located in Germany 
I can't be on their concert in Cracow in August  I hope that they'll here in Poland in two years, I'll be adult then and nobody won't
@ work while my parents are leaving for Italy for 2 weeks 
What would I give to be in Spain right now! Pure sunshine and 38 degrees! 
- I could go to Italy in that time 
Too bad i am not from Thailand. I would open a restaurant in Fulda Germany right now. Going to eat american then. Hello Mc Donald's 
@dcraig568 ..waw! and where? .. for work I've been only in Florence or Milan.. .. are you gonna working during the w-end? ..not so good.. 
absolute carnage has broken out in the EU Home forum 
@aianna21 They're playing at 7.30 my time I think. And Spain bbs are at 7.45. I'm going to miss both 
and still 71 days til Finland...   but tomorrow I will go out with my best friend, should do this more often 
Hmm have to wait until saturday 9:00 for the new iphone ups can not ship faster from Germany! 
Burberry rainboots save the day! Headed to see my now former boss off to Italy  then packing for home!
Is back from Italy! Amazing food, views and sunshine but not happy about my badly perferated left ear and infection in the right one 
Is wishing she had enough money to travel with her best friend in Europe 
soo much homework    Maths, German and an essay! xx
@Thurzday @YonasAfrica you guys left for Europe already ?? 
I like this car!  The Ford Mondeo ecoNetic, I think it is only sold in Europe though  http://bit.ly/Qoz6L
want to go in VIP GA for the first date in Paris, anyone can help us ?? 
Last night in Budapest and back to Scotland tomorrow.  Need to find a good site to upload pictures with captions for y'all - suggestions?
@Styleislam just downloaded the icons from your blog... simply great. I watched the video &quot;Muslim 2.0&quot;...nice but it's in German 
Lovely erasers from Japan http://www.metaphys.jp/product/stationery/archives/2008060621.php I which I could order them in Croatia 
@xoxallixox im in Rome with my bff her cousin and a friend of her. But I'm not having fun, I wanna go home!! 
@Natashaax that's not good! go eat girl! how was Poland. gutted that phone call got cut off 
Germany just adopted their internet censorship law 
Okay, now that other European countries (e.g. whole Scandinavia) has been censoring the web it seems that Germany wants to come and play 
@rklau Now the parliament has accepted a new law, which sets the foundation for censorship in Germany  unbelivable #zensursula
anybody interested in couchsurfing exciting monheim, Germany? guess not 
@marcode jealous, wish I was in Italy. 
And the second half of Italy vs. Egypt begins!! I want Italy to win so badly but I want the US to stand a chance as well  also.. GO SOX!
I just spoke to my godmother in Germany that i havent spoke to for 10 years! we cant meet up in Belin when i go 'cause she'll be london 
@Solstan i won't even be in Denmark that day 
 SA what the hell?
@LaurenConrad I'd love to buy your book, but I live in Belgium and well i have no idea where to order or buy it.. 
I want to go to a Muse concert in Germany but nobody wants to go with me 
wishes the SA cricket team would address the culture of losing and choking that seems to prevail in the team ... 
10 P.M. in Germany ..  30 min in the internet  then my bed waits ;D
Mamma Mia. Egypt beats Italy 
Pakistan end SA T20 dreams ... 
@honey4704: I would kill to go the a Muse concert... But I don't think they will ever come to Poland :/  ;(
Trying to find the obscure French song I was obsessed with last week. No luck yet 
OMG I cant believe it Italy just lost to Egypt  
It was a dark and gloomy night for sport tonight, SA choked in the T20 semi's and Italy lost 1-0 to Egypt 
I will miss @chloelunn in German tomorrow. 
@daysdifference   I mised it cuz I was watching the match Egypt vs Italy and we(Egypt) won yaaay us soo hope I'll make it next time 
@KaitlinMS Yop is only sold in the UK, Ireland, France, Switzerland, and Canada (go wiki).  We have similar drinks in the US but not Yop 
Cubs win...Egypt wins..(I was rooting for Italy  )
wishes she was spending summer in Europe again 
@AmeliaCAye well now I wish I lived in Paris. 
@cubbie866 The Swedes are even crazier about it than we are. They observe many old traditions. We just drink and drown... 
wishes Red Bull wasn't banned in Denmark. 
My son leaves for his month long trip to Spain in the morning. 
Gloom &amp; doom for solar firms: http://bit.ly/2ueTt There goes the sun... Why can't Australia be like Germany on solar power? 
best friend is going to Europe tomorrow and I am stuck in Maryland 
I would rather be in France with Soph right now than pretending to be productive 
my #goodpussy is in Europe right now... Sadness 
@backstreetboys brazil does... but Europe will &quot;get you&quot; first 
good morning censorland Germany, not very nice to be part of you 
@elyshRARR I got Frosties in Europe while I was over there at the end of last year. I haven't seen them in Australia but for years!!! 
ok, so maybe not. Just read Italy lost  game apparently isn't live, lol
I really would like to find a teacher that can help me speak some foreign languages  Like Swedish, German, Irish.. if they have a language
Off to Idar-Oberstein now doing summer school preparation - weather in Germany supposed to be sh*t 
i wish all a good morning, in German is 7:30, time to work, and stupid raining weather  nice wendsday lova ya all LEON
Worked late, than my dad yelled at me because I want to go shopping tomorrow with my friend who's moving back to Switzerland in a week. 
SA .. yet again 
On my way to work,btw it's 8 at morning in Germany.seems like sun is on vacation 
Ugh...no Italy for me......... 
Waiting for the next game with Spain. Girls, go ahead!!!    I'm in Sochi, missing my &quot;wife&quot; 
It's nights like this that I really miss @_mondi_  Why does Sweden have to be so far away :-/
@30SECONDSTOMARS its raining in Germany right now  and Im so frozen... send me some California sun please ;)
@comakazi Last time I went to Paris, I was also with people who preferred to do other things. We drove by the Louvre though 
@LennartA LastFM used to work fine over 3g. That is until they stopped their free service in Sweden. 
i have a nasty cold  i think i'm going to Finland in a while, Alko here i come! nearest is in Kolari, about 25 min from Pajala,Sweden
I grief for German democracy. Yesterday, the Bundestag voted for general censorship of websites; criteria are determined by the BKA. 
Car bomb attack in Spain's Basque region... 1 police officer killed. Again ETA 
Car bomb attack in Spain's Basque region... 1 police inspector death. ETA terrorist group  http://tinyurl.com/mxgpbx
@DesrieG I saw the Vitamin water delivery car in Paris, but wasnt fast enough to get a photo. 
@Pink  love the commercial!!! Loved your show in Budapest (Hungary)!!!! See you soon in Vienna - in december... God, it's not so soon 
today was my last day of school for the term  I won't see my friend from Germany for years  but we had fun today.
@30SECONDSTOMARS i can't go in Paris 
I think I need a new closet. The clothes I bought in Europe won't fit 
On sunday 21st june, I will cycle the longest bridge of Europe (but not with my bike  )
@troubalex Not really good days for Germany regarding new laws being passed at the moment 
This cold is getting old. I feel just like i did last summer in Europe. 
why no android market for SA??  http://tinyurl.com/nawpzu
having a beer and pizza evening as a goodbye for my fave housemate and party boy who leaves for Rome tomorrow!! 
@dominika118 cool, Italy is my &quot;neighbor&quot; but I've never been there, hehe...  lucky you.
Paris tomorrow. I want to come home. 
Bad weather in Germany. 
Before traveling to Belgium I have to wait for the arrival of my hairy friend http://twitpic.com/2kojw. D*mned we is he hanging out? 
tbh, i think that my boy pageface, and anneke and stephan should all really be hurry up and coming back to the worlds end  i miss SA!
@Nelys02: No  It wasn't in Germany 
in Europe yes it s nice but no INTERNET and the little we have is very slow and i can not have my laptop plunged in and the internet on! 
@gossipgirl In Italy we r still waitn for second serie 
@petterm I wish they were valid for the EU.  I don't live there but that's the only version of RoM I play.
need a sexy #drupal template for a Paris travel business. Templatemonster and alikes suck  - #design #webdesign
Is very jelous of my 3 best friends who's going to sun it up in Bulgaria later today, while I'm stuck in the rain! 
@Bunker TW Classic tomorrow. Probably Haacht/Werchter also blocked ... so all traffic via Mechelen/Kampenhout sas ... not funny 
and I miss you Paris! 
Is raining in Copenhagen, Denmark  and have tickets to a out door concert tonight. is going to be at wet nite 
Just saw 20 min of the Sweden-Italy game  but I have to sayof just the little I saw, it was our game to win!!! Olsson is the next Zlatan?
EU QUERO IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIR  it's not fair, and it's really not okay.
going home! ah, I don't want to leave Paris 
@mcflyharry i wish i'd be there tonight  ah well, i'll see you on toms bday in rochester  my first mcfly gig!! love from Germany xx
Feeling really Bad today !      Paris .. I miss nicole
I want the 3Gs so badly, but they'll be so expensive here in Belgium 
@jason_mraz come to Switzerland! I am going to miss all your shows In Europe I am gutted! 
blond girl in cosham kfc talks like she has 14&quot; of Swedish cock in her mouth. Y didn't I have Chinese 
- summer has disappeares; no summerfeeling in Austria!! 
- summer has disappeared @ Austria; no summerfeeling here!! 
I miss my best friend! She's all the way over in Germany  I hope she is having fun though.
@GDGOfficial It's just depressing that I live in Europe and I rather want to be in the States right now 
@marnen The main issue is that at one time, there were a LOT of nice Jewish boys that spoke German, and now there are not. 
got an invitation to a HUGE party with all my old school friends. I really miss some of them. I'm in France then, most likely 
Is sad her brothers leaving for Germany for a year tomorrow  bad times!
@riandawson http://twitpic.com/7udpl - I use to eat those all the time back in Massachuesetts! But they don't sell it here in Spain  S ...
@nnmandy , mora, macka &amp; sundi ... have fun today girls! I would like to be right there with all of you!!     Paris (sick)   
Totally dissapointed about my dad. Turns out that he doesn't trust me enough to let me go to my gradparents to Poland this summer. 
Alessia went back to Italy today, and I cried   like losing a sister in this house.
@rob_sheridan the rain followed u guys to Europe? Un-fucking- believeable!!! All nice and sunny here now. poor guys!!  maybe tomorrow=sun
A little wet in Salzburg today. Tomorrow Innsbruck!  Unfortunately, looks like it will be rainning there too 
@madsmajella I've been twice now and it's rained both times  but the gluwein is great and the Swiss apple fritters with custard rock
@playerhaterjody Rome was such an awesome show! Sucks that it was canceled b/c it cost too much to produce. 
I just watched the video I made from Europe. I miss that continent. 
Wish I could have spent longer at the Swedish festival today 
EU TO COM SOOOONO! 
@TheJewishDream blah Europe has set me back a few  haha
@mckenna_ i'm POSITIVE it wasnt him  which is bad. but oh well! LOL! I'll get famous &amp; fly over to Denmark &amp; stalk until i find him again!
This is not a rave peope!!!!! I miss Europe. 
Listening to Mozart on the express way....and suddenly I get this strange urge of holidaying in Europe 
The weather report shows the whole Northern Italy has rain or t-storm the entire time I'm here   Just like when i was here 10yrs ago :/
@quackadoodle Haha, it's an animated movie from Spain, so it's in the dialect I was taught, however I've forgotten so much 
Ahhh, back to sleep. Get the great opportunity to go to Berlin tomorrow! Sadly this is Berlin, Connecticut. Not Germany. 
just woke up  bare groggy cause its still 7 am! Packing her room up and packing for Italy AHHHHHHHH &lt;3
@ZoeRochelle Yup, I got her official orange &amp; green gloves direct from Italy for her birthday. Consolation, as arm warmers not available. 
I've lost my boyfriend to call of duty Nazi zombie mode 
I'm back from Italy and miss the sun and the beach... 
@Kelstena I should totally get you to buy me a EU account and I'll pay you back.  
I'm gonna miss my bff when she goes off to Romania for MONTH!! 
@psychodwarf yeah I remember that from living in Sweden 
Last day in Spain 
is spending the weekend in Perugia: clouds in the sky 
is thinking about going to australia to see @guysebastian on stage with my buddy @mllealys!! Paris-Australia..Why can't he come to Paris 
Feeling crap. Missing the SA vs Spain match. Call the waaaahmbulance 
wants to talk to Luke. But he is in Sweden 
@spurofmoment But everything sounds so much better in French! 
Back from Berlin,Germany. Holiday's are always too short. 
Wish I could jet off to Europe right now 
Going to bed starving like the children in Rwanda 
@millifan I signed it too. Its unbelievable what goes on in some countries 
NZ 14 France 10 !rugby 
English sounds pretty better than German. I wish I was a native English speaker 
Hey dudes! I'm in darjeeling, india right now missin my peops back home  Pr@y for us, headed to Africa this week! love you all so much.
@majornelson I can't wait for it in Europe. This game one of the best innovation for social gaming. Why no Live host in France ?? 
wonders when big name dj's will start to develop th dance music scene in Asturias Spain , as there isn't one !!!  
@Victoria_LPF can you be more lucky than this??god I'm so jealous!!  they don't even come to Italy..good for you!!
@Brygida_Poland Agh..... that's AN amazing discovery 
Delayed until 4pm Spain time 
@mcflymusic Not me  I live in Denmark, so you could come over her instead ;)
oh my word we have storms in central Italy 
is mad that her email won't send to Germany!!! 
I want summer! Why is it so cold in Germany? 
Oh boy, today's The Ultimate Summerblast Festival in Trier, Germany with a killer line-up. Too bad I had no chance to attend it 
Sweden lost yesterday agaist Italy  1-2 , ahh well we will beat Serbia on thuesday 
@lilyroseallen hey, lily...you're coming to Serbia soon...I'm sure you're gonna have a great time here...wish I could go see your concert 
@Heromancer i wanna. too bad i don't live in Germany. 
LOL just as I say that SA get 2 penalties and open up a lead BUT Lions have crossed try line 3 times, shame only 1 counted 
@johncmayer You are going to FINLAND, but skipping Norway! Makes me sad! 
The Sun is not shinning in Flims Switzerland 
http://twitpic.com/7wfv2 - in my bathroom at my parents...I love it so much! Unfortunately, I cannot take it with me to Bochum. 
http://twitpic.com/7wg2w - in my bathroom... I love it so much! Unfortunately, I cannot take it with me to Bochum... 
Meet a cool guy from France last night, he's cute but too old for me 
@geremy12 The German parliament introduced a a law could be used to censor the net. Full story: http://bit.ly/mqDpJ It's bad... 
@rjakesdub This one http://twitpic.com/2f0by is already wit BF in Belgium and this beep http://twitpic.com/5kf1q is still here. Waiting. 
@yamerias Hope U Njoyed the movie - have 2 wait til WEDNESDAY 4 Transformers 2 starting in Germany cinemas! 
Sitting on the subway makes me miss Paris 
@babygirlparis Paris please answer once it'll make me sooo happy  ... &lt;3.
Watching Morocco vs. Togo match. Adebayor is not playing in the Togolian team! 
Really want to come back to the past ... When the JB wasn't really known in France ! Everything turns in a wrong way .. 
new iphone looks awesome!!!! i needs one but fucking EU and Vodaphone are robbers 
In Belgium Fathers day was already a week ago 
At a church service in Sweden, today has been a blast hanging out with Swedish youth and playing in a volleyball tourney...my team lost 
25 mins into the game. sudan threatening the Ghanaian goal  don't relax, black stars!
Two good friends heading to Iceland next week. So jealous. 
Morocco vs. Togo final score 0 - 0 which is a good score for Togo and a bad for Morocco! 
@mileycyrus Are you coming to Sweden this year? , can't see it on your site. 
@whitespider1066 yep, looked at Turkey, Tunisia, Malta, even Croatia 
@shotbykim The game was bad for us for about 50 mins. we made some changes and came right back but fell at the last. 26-21 to SA  
Spain vs. S Africa 2-0... watching these games makes me hungry and an apple is not enough ugh.., 
@djones7774 it might be, the Euro's quite strong against the pound at the moment  but it's also school holidays, premium time 
@neskapolit i just got to Serbia today 
My daddy's back from Latvia!! And my brother is joining us!! Yay!!!! I don't want to go back to nyc now that we're all united 
@mizrik wish we had classes like that in Belgium. I mean, we had ms office, but never got much past the copy past N print if u get me 
won't see her again until she's back from Europe 
@mkjennings just realized I'll b in Italy 
Croatia is over  But Szombathely jazz camp starts tomorrow \0/
Missing Germany already 
@cymarshalllaw nah. Belgian beers and pizza today. Hopefully chillin at the crib with a movie later. I'm tired 
Found a tea company in Sweden with lots of flavors and they ship to Finland. Problem: They don't answer emails, making it a useless site. 
Is missin her Swiss baby, can't wait for him to come home 
My brother leaves for Europe tonight. So envious 
My German roommate is leaving. 
I miss you, Europe 
@davejmatthews what is the 1 thing u plan on seeing while u are in Europe? Never been 
@ginalu84 oh god do I wish I was going to Europe....no, my story continues for 5 more shows....but all past 
@MissInnocence09 I know, but you would be coming from Germany, that would be A LOT more expensive!You have a great night too, good night! 
Revising 4 my German exam 
Last day in Paris  but I am excited to see my girls &amp; get started on another SFX shoot (but no prep time -yikes)!
Car wouldn't shift into park again...  now I'm worried. Cars are money pits I'm moving to Europe and riding a bike.
@The_Bruno_World oh I'm so jealous!  I guess I'll have to go there! If only I had money haha.
@Sall_y Whaling should stop...I wasn't aware Europe still did it 
back home, missing the coolest Basques, Welshs, Finns and Polishs all over the world. 
I miss my family... they live in Switzerland......far away 
@MariellaFromBe Does Sephora and Mac ship to Belgium? I wish they shipped to Norway  Useless that the sites work when I can't order... 
is concerned about Italians missing the opportunity to change things by not voting to the referendum 
@jimthomlinson I shall be tweeting from Germany but I won't be able to see replies etc 
@amandamcfly woooow! congratulations  thanks, i hope they won (: i try they came here, but they dont  its like they hate Spain &gt;.&lt; haha
back in Bochum again... gosh... this stupid traffic jam dispossessed me 1 hour of my day... 
Mulhouse 17 H F-musik le top  http://is.gd/18mPk
@odmichael I would if it wasn't for the fact he's in Nigeria until the 24th 
@TraceCyrus : hey,  How are you? When you visit Germany? I want to see you live.. 
Hurray for Europe's largest bio-oil plant in the Netherlands? Goodbye to last forests on Indonesia, as we need more palm tree oil! 
what's up w/ the weird Nazi stories todayhttp://tinyurl.com/kslkfz , http://tinyurl.com/m7n5an) wish I had blog on which to blog them 
@_Rome_ not thats not whats up  how are you?
@nick_carter I DO! but it's technically impossible cuz I'm in Paris and you're... way too far 
@nick_carter I DO! but it's technically impossible cuz I'm in Paris and you're... wat too far 
Saying goodbye to my phone for a month  email me if you need me. Paris, leave the light on for me
I want starbucks in Italy...frappuccino i miss ya   omg! today i miss everyone and everything!
@TheMacMommy if only Amazon.com / .co.uk would deliver in the Netherlands 
Just checked the weather in Strasbourg, France. Looks like it might be rainy for most of my trip 
needs to get some Euro for her holiday soon.  The exchange rate is dire.  
GoodNight! again earthquake here in Italy 
@exromana They're gorgeous! We always get flutes as our souvenir when we visit a city. The Gucci ones are from Milan, but I lost one 
he's going back to germany.  up side--don't have to pay for room/board in Germany! Considerably cheap vacation...
Is quite sad... Kfc/pizza hut in Rome is now only kfc  #fb
@amazingamanda My wife had a pretty good possibility of working in Italy and we were psyched about that but it ended up falling through 
@BeejiveIM not for me....   @ iTunes store Germany... 
don't know if I return to France or If I stay in Tunisia  for the studies +_+
aybuuueTomorrow, 11pm: driving to Berlin; Thursday, 4am: flying over to Turkey...exiteeeeeed although I'm sad 'cause I'll miss The Chicks 
Yeah,Paris is sooo great.But i leave Paris in 2 Days 
Too much travel and still in Paris  now we have to get a shuttle to the other terminal...
@Spoked Lets move to northern Sweden and live in an igloo, with a polar bear pet 
wants to be in the CB vid, but is too young and is nowhere near Germany... 
In venice, Italy very lost 
wish my homeboy from the Ukraine would send me that record! its like 1 a.m over there tho.. 
St. Hans Celebration today in Denmark. All over the country bonfires are being set ablaze, barbecues are lit...and I'm over here 
I wish I was in Italy with my love 
@blakehealy FYI, dont expect right now a sunny Spain, the weather is shit lately 
Just got out of a very boring lunch n' learn on projectors - is it time Togo home yet? 
the German historiy is really terrible 
My onkel died today... .and I'm gonna Bulgaria tomorrow 
@familyonabike I ran across family of 5 on bikes in Yellowstone recently.From France. wanted to interview but didn't get to. 
@8helen8 aw spotify doesn't work in SA 
@clarissakh Jealous!! I wish there was a pool in my complex, I'd SO work poolside  When do you leave for Deutschland?
@shanselman not in Europe though 
@robinfincktwits Welcome to Poland  Hope you're enyoing playing @ Malta Lake. Can't be there tonight  Visit Warsaw if you can  Cheers
@Mattkean I won't be able to come to the Sweden show. I'm sorry.  
@LittleFletcher Make the most of the time you spend together! I'm moving to France for 6yrs and leaving my beloved boyfriend Karl behind 
@S1ON France with my sister...rubbish website crashed as i tried to book it though 
Really hating @tracecyrus right about now, haven't been to Paris since I was 8 years old 
@kristin_09 I am here for an internship but will leave back for Germany soon  #manila
Just said goodbye to my Gonzi  but at least I have another reason to go to Madrid next semester!
@Whatever_Ista O just noticed lol. Wish I was flying to Germany though 
looking at the weather forecast in Florence, Italy -- its raining this weekend 
I burnt my tongue after a cappuccino, so now a slice of German cake with ice cream and a bowl of salad taste the same. 
Bugger, I'm going to be in Italy while dConstruct is happening.  Always seems to happen 
Off to work.  Many days of great weather in Belgium.  Seems only the weekends have rain 
@javashri: It's all in the game. 2009 has totally filled me with losses. CSK, ChelseaFC &amp; now Spain. 
Oh Italy how I love you...heading home in a few days 
Still organizing the new weekend excursions of our office  The sun is shining in Graz today!
@ksekher anothr chilled out day..disappointin end to yeserday wid Spain losing  wat did u do to hurt ur back?
@snappingturtle You're not alone...I'm still upset that Namibia didn't qualify 
@blondore i am not no  but i have been a brazi soccer fangirl forever! SA soccer fangirl not so much!
mornin.... I miss Spain    i want 2 go bak..cala gogo???
@Pink I am the worst cyclist in all of Germany. I think I may have caused thousands of accidents  but it's good sport!
Why in the world, DHL has to brake my packages in United Kingdom and France and not in other countries. I can't really understand ! 
@edibow aww i would sooo love to be there this year, but i'm just back from Belgium  But aww well enjoy yerself hunneh  xoxo
I still can't believe Spain lost. I'm all gloomy again 
@willclarkfan22 ooh I've been to England France and Italy! it was amazing there. I wish I were older, tho, I was only 10 
@TraceCyrus Wish I was there, I'm from Spain but not from Barcelona and I wasn't able to buy tickets for the concert nor flight tickets 
@Jonasbrothers hey guys, when are the tickets for Sweden gonna go out for sale? ive been waiting forever and it still says TBA! 
ugh I'm lazy. I just realized that I have only just over 2 months until I leave for Germany.. and I still haven't applied for my passport 
spending my last full day in Germany   I plan on eating my weight in Italian ice cream.  so good....
Is thinking of the songs we heard on repeat in Bulgaria, and now feels bluuuuee 
I wish mint.com or an equally good alternative was available in Sweden 
@LaurenConrad i want your book soo much i dont think they sell it here in Belguim 
You just haven't earned it yet baby played in Sweden last night - thanks for that Moz 
Why Finland has best education. Economist article at www.tr.im/topclass -Apologies for Monsanto ad in link  
isn't there a direct flight possible from Belgium to Pisa ? 
(and I got crazy perverted sex !) today I'm going shoeshopping with @shawnaelizabeth a gorgeous American femme who's leaving Paris soon 
After Lithuania Pland wants an anti gay law as well 
@Macavitygal I still don't have time to play on it, maybe it's the one, hehe. I just need it for Paris trip. I actually prefer blackberry 
My exchange sister just left on the plane for Poland. I am so sad 
@vellvegas  lol how are you? what did you bring me back from Italy ;-)
@VOMalleyPhoto im in Paris doing some dj skits and working for a photog agency; but downside is wisdom teeth growing in 
Back from Italy and Greece and already at work 
I want to go on Miley's Tour 2009! But I cannot  I live in Germany and she don't comes to Germany  I'm sooooo sad ...
@fortworthdiva You be careful too.  I dn't know what our heat index is here in SA but it's supposed to be another triple digit day.  101 
&amp;cries* my grandma is leaving today...back to Hungary 
very sad to learn that one of the mini quilts for the swap I'm organizing was stolen between Australia and France .. mean-spirited thief! 
Good morning Lithuania and Paris 
Another challenging meeting in French. I hope it will be productive and that I will be able to understand 
shopping shopping shopping!  I'm in desperate need of some shorts n stuff for Spain! B-)
@mileycyrus hey Mi! how r u doing? ;P Greetings from Poland 
@tayswift love your songs, hope you'll perform in Belgium in the near future 
@dotmariusz I'm a late bird  Mariusz - you from Poland? past noon here - still morning for me 
is about to enjoy another German beer... and his 5th ice cream sundae in 5 days 
Summertime will soon hit Denmark, And ill hit the beach in my boat 
still thinking of Parisian guy. England sucks for me right now, just want to be in France with my friends. Back to the studiezzzz now 
Looking forward to a relaxing week in Spain! 
when are we going to Sweden again...?? haha 
nice, you tweet from Bergen Norway, Kuwait City, Florence Italy, Buenos Aires Argentina, Tokyo, its like &quot;twitter colours of Benetton&quot; 
@fyreflye I'd rather go to France for the summer than Skegness. 
@Xoxxi will there still be surf in Morocco at that time?  Like Spain, Tarifa area, but again, will there be surf in July? thx! 
@SuzyMartin i'm from Croatia... island Hvar... aaaand little place called Jelsa    it's nice
Something nice in Paris this week?? I accept tips.. thanks 
@LanceScoular Germany 
@mileycyrus hi Mileeey! my friend and I can't wait to your come to Spain! we are so excited! we love all of your songs, all are great 
@DenDragon  i start work 1a your time. I keep GMT working hours so I can work with Iceland, Atlanta and Shanghai and beat EVE forum users 
Just what italy needed. Builders in Italy are happy abut this. recession will be less daunting 
@AllenVarney Europe already has a PUMA-analog -- it's called a Vespa. 
is on holiday tomorrow for a month. Cape Town, Russia, Germany, and the farm. FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKK! excited 
@FakerParis hey Paris! looks as if you've been blipping, i'll check 'em out! 
On the train between Prague and Poland, making tune on a garage tip feeling anxious &amp; excited bout putting new tunes out soon 
Mcfly please come to Denmark soon! (: we are wating for you to come!! 
In just occurred to me - since Obama so much wants us to be like Europe, maybe soccer will finally get the popularity it deserves. 
@lizwicksteed WOW that's gorgeous! I've only ever been to the Barcelona area and a couple islands (Formentera and Ibiza). But mmm Spain 
@Taochild Aircraft I like more, but I like a nice engine too, especially from Austria... 
@mileycyrus good luck in Germany, Miley. 
@SophieLee_xo: okay cool, i`m from Denmark  it is just i can`t see the interview but hopefully i can see it on youtube (: hehe
@recyclersREALM   oo do you hawe freend in Latvia its ok  i to from Latvia
@mileycyrus Do you really fly to Germany? Where? 
@fredriklloyd Congratulations on your show! I'm afraid I'll miss it, so bring 'survival of the thinnest' to Norway soon 
Love U Armin, ASOT400 rox!Greetz From Croatia 
I love my white deutshe chocolate I love my family  I love Clarins Paris  I love mint  I love Mexico I love my arbeit I love life.........
@hypergal027 I've been to France, Greece, Italy, Germany, The Netherlands and Spain  But they're all in Europe. My big dream is the usa..
@suejester The weather was absolutely gorgeous! If it could only stay this way  I wonder what the weather will be like in Germany? ;)
@AnuTreat I'm hoping the drugs kick in soon. I'll be fine!  I hope you feel better after what happened in SA. :/
Had a fun evening with @ifikra talking about digital activism in India/ Tunisia.  Birds of a feather. 
@mysteriousblog how the heck did u get first class? 747s are fun! Flew on one to Europe once 
@ddlovato have fun in...Madrid i believe?  concert there right?  wish i was that lucky:p  good luck 
@ddlovato are you in Germany with miley? and congrats! that's awesome! ps..ur music is so relatable. I love it! &lt;3 
Sunny sunday in Luxembourg  - http://mobypicture.com/?ojivzj
@itsjudytime awww hope u enjoyed Germany! Hurry back we ur subscribers miss ur videos 
You can always count on your Swedish friends when you want to drink too much. 
I am currently baking nicely in the Moroccan sun 
@ddlovato I'm your biggest fan ever. SWITZERLAND is next to Germany, please come to Switzerland! here you have great cheese 
@josephathome777 how was Spain? 
@MariahCarey GoodMorning from Belgium 
@ddlovato Oh wow !! Germany. I wish that i could go to Germany. I learn to speak German at school. Hopefully therre is a trip coming up.  
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3kygb - wow its almost 6:30pm in SA and u have already had breakfast  it looks very nice 
@hepp haha, thx! Totally needed to fax Finland 
@ddlovato  Spain is so beautiful...and always funny 
@MariahCarey so glitter's gonna be screened on friday here in SA and i cant wait...you were great in it mimi 
@nickless I don't mind if you tweet in German, as long as you have someone there to understand you 
Swingers it is, Soyrizo, eggs, French toast  followed by chocolate milk, non-fat, I know I know, non-fat? -I am on a diet!
McFly come to Denmark!! (: please!! 
@sigurdmagnusson Same here, not many gym-related tweets. In the nice weather here in Norway right now, we all just mention mountain hikes 
F1 in china finished  Germany roules 
@ddlovato Are you going to Spain? Spain in Denmark? 
I'm now a proud owner of a Germany jersey. Awe-fucking-some! 
thanks  Maya84i  greetings from Poland ;)  #asot400
@mileycyrus Ah Germany... welcome here 
@tommcfly I know what u can do.. visit Spain!  yes, I'm so irritating always sayin COME2SPAIN, but it's true... Spain it's so nice  xx
Upcoming shows RPM 26/04/2009 10:30 at Lakeside Church Konstanz, Germany.  - join us if you can 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3l9e5 - I wish we'd have Starbucks here in Finland too. 
@ddlovato Europe is beautiful. isn't it? 
@realtomcruise Hi Mr. Cruise! I am from Germany. How can I get an autograph of you? Greetings from Germany 
@ddlovato have fun in Spain! Feel free to stop by Norway while in Europe! 
@macmuso around France Italy England Germany and maybe Switzerland (haven't decided yet) for three weeks, at the end of May. 
@giuliaboverio youre welcome  im from Paris! italian studies makes me sick! haha
@dougiemcfly hey Dougie, thanks for the amazing concert in amsterdam last night  hope you enjoyed the Netherlands
Romania is online and listening you goo roth  come on armin i know you're dancing ) #asot400
The sun is shining in Norway 
Feeling good,sun shining in Germany 
@mikasounds me too i cant belive that SA is ready ..... yay    when it will be in the market ?  sory if i asked to much ;)
@rittwik don't get ahead of yourself there.  see you in Madrid!
@GorgeousFace I'm working on making you popular in Belgium 
@icecreamcoke GREAT! now demi is in Spain  hah I want see her! I entrered a competition to meet @mileycyrus 
Belgium's still the same 
@mileycyrus Have a wonderful time in Germany, Miley!  I love you!
@Onerva I'm really proud of us. Because we really behaved when we met the G's in Rome per acciddent  That's how every fan should act.
@phdota Can't help you with that. Paybox seems to be defacto standard in Austria. If you want to use that service, sign up. 
Anyone from Croatia, that likes Avon? Or not 
Finally another German grammar obstacle understood 
@danielledeleasa  jealous things.. let it go  ever been to Paris? 
@paulshadwell well since I am not IN Switzerland, I have no idea ;) I live in central Pennsylvania, in the states 
@ddlovato wow, Madrid! Really close to Austria  Ever been to Austria?
I'm in Italy!! 
@mileycyrus: Germany? Italy? oh Im so jealous haha love ya 
@mileycyrus hi miley!! how are u? When you come to Spain? I would be very excited that you answered. please replyy!! I love you so much 
just woke up an hour ago and started getting things ready for my Scandinavia visa application...lunch with @magicalphoenix later 
@BrandiHeyy I just woke up too  in Norway tho  what r u guys doin in Europe? )
@_MoisesArias hey r u still awake?  I just woke up  Norway ftw haha
It's definitely a small world! 2 days til Italy 
working on different politic media plans for the upcoming EU elections... 
@mileycyrus Hope that you have a great Time in Italy  I'm Italian, but I live in Germany! xoxo s
Only one month left for the yearly 4-day fishing trip to northen Sweden. Pikes beware! 
Starting new week - after weekened in Paris - another cool roadtrip 
Loves the idea of &quot;clown doctors&quot; making people (affected by the recent earthquake and now living in tents) happy in Italy 
@mileycyrus Spain is waiting for you!!! we love you!!! I cant wait to see you here 
studying geo alllll day&amp;night. Europe in 1 week!! 
@dannywood Oooooh, u lucky one! Wish I could do the same! Night, night  Lots of love from Prague, Czech republic x x x
its jazzzzz month in Estonia 
@anjawood: the Danish blog  hehe
@moonbeamstrlite How was Italy? 
@mileycyrus I belive that you do, but in Europe you'll have such a good time 
@monalisa91 ;) it's nice to follow speak english, also if we're both italian  where are  you from? I type from Bologna
@nomadicmatt first I had to build up a multi million dollar travel business in Norway/Sweden. Then it was easy 
@roxeteer It's always nice to add great websites coming from Finland. 
@maxveenhuyzen We have similar tastes! I loooved Paris 36 too. 
@SmBizSolutions Debt-ridden entrepreneur kidnaps his bank manager in Spain http://bit.ly/Y8pHR Say no to crime; speak to an accountant 
@girishbr I learnt to use the German key board and then fumbled with a Swiss keyboard at a customer site. Interesting times. 
@Rocket_Minions I see a little silhouetto of a man, SCARAMOUCHE, SCARAMOUCHE, will you do the fandango?!  And also some... (cough)Europe x
@simonwickes wow it would have been faster to join me in Germany at that rate, 11hrs door to door   including 2 hrs of pre/post travel
@kriss_creol Here in our temp studio. Just going to shoot a couple of happy/sad faces for Unibet. I need a model who snus'es though 
off, getting ready for school  rocks, it's 10.15 am here in Germany and school starts at 11.15 today 
@RX2904 standing in front of my wardrobe trying to decide what to take to Italy coming saturday. #weatherforecast #crisis #breakdown 
@arenda glad you like Croatia 
@mileycyrus pretty haha  Are you in Spain?  Kisses!
is getting ready for the trip round Europe (sounds so tacky) 
@VegasChristian I've been good..  can't wait to head back to Europe ..  change of scenery 
@edavis10 How goes the issue grouping plugin, and how hard do you think it would be for me to migrate from the SA story plugins ? 
@Sims_Galore xD mMy French teacher has given us homework for tomorrow, I've forgotten what he has given for homework!!  i'm silly xD
@amicamia I have some Turkish friends since I was studying English in UK. I'd like to visit Turkey someday! 
@_shinoda no just Europe and Asia this year. Maybe next 
on my way to Oberhausen...have a nice and sunny day  ?
Goodmorning Spain&amp;twtieers   I feel good after sleeping 
@lyndylou85 10.30 in Germany 
@jhillstephens 10.36 in Germany 
having a day off today and enjoying our holiday in Germany  my camera is telling me the beach beckons..... lol
flying to Italy tomorrow! Ready for one week of Italian sun 
@joeymcintyre  Enjoy  you break  with your closest   luv from France  can't wait that you bring your sexy back in Europe  I miss u boo
@RihannaOfficial hello  i like you're music so much. my favourite song is Disturbia pretty cool. ^^ greets from Switzerland
I am happy that my eagles and swans are back  Great distraction to my conference meeting with Equatorial Guinea, Portugal and Spain.
@bobbo I prefer ignorant Europeans. 
@felix85 No, a sword sounds domestic for Ireland. A Winchester sounds domestic for the US and a knife sounds domestic for Italy.  
Off to Cologne for my friend's birthday party! 1 hour drive on the autobahn: average speed: 120 km/h! That's 1 thing I like about Germany 
With a friend at home and chilln sunny weather here in Germany/1:47am 
@tommcfly McFly come to Denmark (Copenhagen)  please!
@toddkashdan Amazon has shipped ur book today  Europe under supplied? or they're just not curious enough (self-reinforcing cycle)
I eat the chocolate with passion, like it was making love! SA-RAAAP!! 
family comes from Portugal &amp; France today  can waitttt....i need to clean my room. death. 6 days!
@Fearnecotton can you play CORNELIUS from the bloody Beetroots???? thank you from France 
@hey__monday thanks for following ;) its a honor  will you come in Paris soon ?!
Muhahahaha 8:0 for Czech, and Slovak players are beating up their keeper   I do love this particular game a LOT! 
see you guys, when i come back from Finland ! 
@peedletuck yea, it's good but everyone acts like its amazing. Italian ice? Ice cream is better  haha
@rushtonaiter I'm so glad you answered me  I hope you can visit Spain soon. You rock
is playing Euro 2008 on the psp 
@BusaBusss  Still in Romania? I heard you killed 'em 
@SandraShowtime good morning  btw, does coffee taste different in Norway? I remember it being quite weak ;)
@neilhimself It's how you know you're a writer. Faced with all Paris, the thing you want to do most is write. That, or U R slightly made 
Now in Germany having done the autobahn   http://piurl.com/1bFE
had a great time with my friend yesterday!  but I didn't see Finland's ice-hockey game last night.. =( and Belarus won Finland! bad times
It's a competition here in Norway - if you win you can come to the Twilight set in Italy! So cool! Hope I win 
I'm amazed that I'm up so early...  Early enough that it's almost still morning in Sweden 
@SilCorbijn Berne is the capital of Switzerland: Take a look at this: http://tinyurl.com/d8czem 
http://twitpic.com/4fu60 Hungarian Echelon 
@SarahMoran you should try working for them! haha ... nah ... just trying the bitter ex-employee bit. It doesn't suit me!  ... Norway?
Wondering what to pack for Denmark, winter or summer clothes, or both 
@mmpedro I know! Chocolate is on his way to  Portugal!!!!  I hope he'll like it there! 
@sabrescutiex9 I did sleep well, thank you. I didn't dream of him but I woke up to Austria beating Germany 1-0.  He got an assist!
@McFlySarah : me, too.  I hope it'll be soon. oh we'll celebrate a big party, when they'll write their tour dates for Germany, ok? xx
@EllaPaigeBabe I'm from Switzerland, so we don't have the same shops. If u come to Switzerland oneday I recommend u NewYorker or H&amp;M. 
Hey @jonasbrothers *Who's your inspiration? (to all of you guys) - Love you see you in Malmo Sweden  i'm so excited* #jonaslive
@tommcfly Guys please come back in Europe to do an european tour  Europe ? McFly !
... on the road again - my rear view mirror at 100 mph... this is Germany  http://twitpic.com/4h8nl
@jordanknight Is there any chance to hear what the meaning of Tink is this year??? Greetings from Germany 
Jonas will be celebrating #BulgariaDay in Bulgaria tomorrow. You? Bulgaria one of the last countries officially without swine flu 
@judy353 congratulations! you guessed right! you win a trip out to Italy to visit us for a week!!!!!!! well done! 
@Liz_Hatch Enjoy Europe. And when you get bored, fly over to Germany and we'll have a beer together! 
@tommcfly Have fun while listening ;d Can we expect a concert in Germany? Pleaase reply. 
@ dad's, weather sucks. Watching some tv and just chilling @daanvanvliet how 's Paris? 
I have a German project due tomorrow. It's worth 100 points, and I haven't started. 
@pinksugacupcake true indeed, understood, but....didn't wanna get threads FROM Italy too  HA luv ya so so very much 
@EverywhereTrip welcome to Rome! do send me a postcard!  
@balexandre: Thanks for the encouragement  It's going to be quite the whirlwind. We'll look you up next time we're in Denmark ;)
Counting my graduation money  I need to do some serious shopping before Europe! Anthropologie here I come!
@highlifeadam http://twitpic.com/4ifpn - German Shepherds are the best  i love big dogs!! and this one is way cute.
Newspaper errors no longer limited to articles..... A big advt by a tour company in a Pune newsp says Columbus came from Italy 
@fgmp perhaps because Azerbaijan is so hard to spell (Azerbeidzjan in Dutch) ;) ? 
@mybellavita just clicked on your bio. You're in Cantazaro!? Have been to Italy several times. But never Calabria! 
ah, also figuring out when we're going to Rome next. &amp; Venice. @vagrant_saint start thinkin when you wanna go, love! 
Now i've got 3 new frens-frm Germany,Mexico n France  havin dinner 2gather 2nite.
@OfficalJonasBro just watched it on youtube and its hilarious. i laughed trough it.. seriously guys so funny.. greetings from Germany... 
Found out that one great thing about living in Switzerland is the delicious bread - sometimes little things can make a difference 
the weather in Prague is like the weather in Belgium -&gt; rainy 
@taylorswift13 hello you!  you should totally go to the biggest shopping center in Europe and we can go shopping together   xx
@angelofmel we should definately be in Paris that week. if I get a job we most certainly will be 
After France I was gonna spend more time in the sun, to overcome my negative reaction to it. Yep, in Netherlands. Good luck to me 
I'm in French and we don't have a teacher.  One hour left til school ends.
@EllaPaigeBabe It would be amazing if we could meet us in Germany! I have been to Germany twice. 
@MicaR think so but my boss is in Switzerland all week. going when she returns  ira gonna be awesome
Europe bound 
when living in Spain..you can NEVER take a hot shower for granted..luckily I have nice friends across the street 
@babygirlparis hope you have a great weekend,Paris 
@nkangel74 wow, Germany, that would be fun! If I could just meet them, just once, I would be good. 
In Paris till friday!! 
@dougiemcfly : http://tinyurl.com/c6tvz5 Germany loves you, haha. 
Welcome @cronhill my first German follower  My mother Hermine is from the Sudetenland and came to Sweden as a refugee in 1948
@gfalcone601 you should come to Estonia, I know some epic horses here, hehe, and a good trainer and good beaches were to ride! 
@tommcfly yeahhh! u've got plenty of great fans!! And in Spain too! u should come and play a gig here!! 
@orbicule wow great promo for orbicule. is there an english translation somewhere? my Norwegian isn't that good 
World's Happiest Places ...   Denmark, Finland and the Netherlands  
@miizronnie aha speaking German  haha maybe i should send some stuff in Italian ;)
@ayanakamura0428 so excited for you and Paris ooh lala  i look forward to knowing you a long long time lovely ! hugs n kisses g
@KOLsweetie hell yeah! Belgian beer is the bomb!!  :p
@giblahoj Oh! It's not the mothers day in France, but in Germany and in the USA that is it 
Efteling was great, had a nice time with family, had dinner.. forget my keys in the car  hmmm! Bless the ANWB! Back in Germany now 
@jacehall http://twitpic.com/4nbx4 - great photo! bravi! we are looking forward for the upcoming pilot in Italy too 
@LeMonjat Hehe, funny (the midget thing) ! Cheer up Alex, and wave from below  Is it that you are in Germany right now? .. or in Spain? ;D
@f2point4 oh, that is very nice!! I will do something nice next week ~ going to Madrid next weekend for few days 
has had a wonderful day with some gorgeous girls, followed by dinner and drinks with the Swedes 
@halibrahim Europe sounds gr8! Will finish my exam on Teus and then we'll  talk about it 
In Spain.. Shooting the video 
One good thing about Germany is the Beer ... Say no more 
Here's hoping Jensen wins in Spain 
cleaned the house today, the last time we cleaned Hitler was attacking France!! 
By the way the Turkish representative at the Eurovision Song Contest (Hadise) Is Belgian too  so also vote for Turkey !!!! Vote Belgium !!
@Rossbkr nice! never been to Rome , i would like to see Paris first 
@NickHodge I honestly do not think that #Eurovision is an even half decent indicator of EU music 
It's siesta time at Rome! 
@jmalk around Scandinavia / Lapland 
@Rosengeranium  yaaay from Europe hehe! Not so much of a time gap for us then just one hour, cool
@intootje sunny in Finland too 
@DitaVonTeese Maybe you can visit Spain  is so beautiful 
@wesleyadamquinn What's up Wes? so, when are u coming in France?! it would be awesome! I add you on youtube  - Vfactory French Team !
@crystaljtorres ...hello Crystal  how is beautyful Europe?
@maxime68 My mom went to France/Spain/England back in her teens but she's never been to Lyon. We'll give her the grand tour 
@StevesGulf_com haha if you come to Belgium maybe  otherwise the chance is slim  I'll have to wait for mothersday till I've got children
I like Finland's entry for the Eurovision Songfestival: http://bit.ly/8QbFa  
Fun fact: apparently some of my Swiss relatives got to be in a Bond film! If you see a polka band at a Swiss ski resort, that's them. 
I just realized that I am happy about it, because I have less than 2 months left until I start back in SEPTEMBER!   Europe is to blame )
@Alyssa_Milano Aaa ,cannot fall a sleep.It's 4:06am. adviceo not watch horor movie ALONE at nightBig Hello from Europe-frighten girl 
@joshsharp they just contact me directly - it's not officially for sale. The site is amongst the top 5 travel communities in Germany. 
@ItalianAmerGirl Ciao! Your family is from the north and the south... more places to visit when you come to Italy! 
@carbongirl Did you know that &quot;snark&quot; is Swedish for &quot;Snoore&quot;? 
IT lessssson... 9 days till Rome... 
He has promised me a new car for missing our anniversary and cancelling my birthday trip to Italy because of work...sounds fair  !
Just realised that I'm going to Norway again in just over 2 weeks  I can't wait, I love that country 
Tune in tomorrow for the next exciting #Iceland fact! 
@whiteboyromeo northern part of Germany 
@SUPERskimzYUUUP I'm happy she replied to me!!  There's a girl I know from Spain who does nice Ciara drawings as well!! ;)
Norway is getting ready for our celebration on sunday 
I love when it rains for real in Paris 
@squidge nop, sorry, but I will do more muffins for the next @gecorosso meeting ~ but not next week as I will be in Spain ~ 
@nickolaswheeler  see you @ Paris 
wishing my sis a safe trip to SA 
is editing the documentary project about philippinian au pairs in Norway. Finishing the last pick up shots tomorrow morning. 
@WarrenRGreen not sure Norway wants you 
Just packaged up shipments going to Sweden, Russia and Australia!  Wish I could go with them!!!  
@unmarketing Any chance you'll be doing a tweetup in Europe? 
Tomorrow Duisburg (Germany) with school! 
happy birthday Norway! &lt;3 
I love it, walking home from my night out people in the street were drunkenly talking about how well we did in Eurovision  I love Europe!
@justin_hart Chaperoning 200 middle schoolers on a campout...3 weeks in the Congo...it's all about the same.  
Getting ready to celebrate 17 of may with the rest of Norway! 
Watching the Tudors and planning my trip to Italy... need to save up money.  
prepare for the first Europe trip 
Congrats Norway!  haha morning everyone 
@printtroll 3 am here. 9 am in Spain. off to bed my lovely tweople 
can't wait for my trip to Europe! 5 days to go 
@mitchelmusso it was amazingggg! Norway won the eurovision song contest!!! An today is norways constitution day! 
Yesterday we won Eurovision, and today its our nationalday.. Proud to be an Norwegian to day.. 
our national day, yaay ^^  uhh, and Norway won the Euricvison thing   I'm almost proud xp ehehe.
up early, enjoyed Eurovision lastnight. Was rooting for Estonia, but Norway done a good job  Lol @ Jade + violin collission.
Video: French greaaat song ever!!!  http://tumblr.com/xso1sv10o
@mediocre_mum Norway 
Did a short preview of every eurovsn song. Most of them are boring, Norway is not great but different. I'd vote for Moldova, I wonder why 
Oh btw Congrats Norway for winning ESC! 
Norway won the Eurovision! 
national day in Norway!!!!!!!!!!!!. paaartyyy, fuun and a nice day    .
Norway won the Eurovision song contest last night  woooohhhhooooooo GO Alexander
@frogtosser but it's a Swedish movie! Of course I have to type in Swedish 
great fun last night.Eurovision was surprisingly good and wow Norway won,that surely is a surprise!I liked the song right from the start 
has a sudden urge to go and buy the Lonely Planet Travel Guides to France, Spain and Italy 
as 4 beautiful voice Iceland, Malta, Britain. as 4 party Germany, Moldova, Azerbaijan. as 4 special France, Armenia but loved Norway, too 
Its Norways national day today ! &lt;3 Aleksander Rybak won the European mgp :- ) YEY Norway  ( i don't like the song btw..)
@tommcfly Norway won 
@tommcfly  Norway won, apparently we came 5th. not bad really 
happy birthday Norway!!!! 
happy birthday Norway 
spent today with the cusns  climbed a light house, saw a pirate ship, and fell in love with Norwegian people 
@cambrilis Hy again  I watched yesterday too and I liked- Norway, German, Estonia, France and Iceland. What did you like the best?
Congratulations to Norway! I knew it, there must be someone out there who no what good music is 
@Teddy_Picker everybody hates Germany in the Eurovision, at least this year we were not dead last - looks like you had fun though 
Finland deserved to win eurovision! Loved the song  we did cone a respectable 5th 
@DebbieFletcher yeah Norway 
Norway won 
@tommcfly Norway, with about 384 points.  
Eurovision Croatia sounded good 
@tommcfly Norway won eurovision, we came 5th  feeling better?  X
@tommcfly Norway won eurovison, United Kingdom came 5th  love you tom xxxx
Norway's declaration of independence day is today!!  woke up way to late to celebrate it with the community =(
im so excited because morning is my birthday   and in one week im on the way to Italy that will be a great time
@tommcfly Norway 
Eurovision....  Spain very bad song..... Andthe winner is....NORWAY!!! 
@Jonasbrothers I can't wait to see you in Madrid 
@tommcfly Norway. The singer's voice wasn't so good but his violin-playing kicked ass! I voted for Iceland, their ballad was so nice. 
ahh Moldova - still love it the hundredth time  #eurovision
will be in Europe in two weeks    wooooo!
@thetennistimes if u want,i can also cover Madrid or Paris for you if you haven't found somebody for that already 
Oh Denmark.. we want to believe again as well   I want to believe you aren't wearing those jeans!!
But where is the Sun ? Defnitly France is not California and CD is a poor 20 years technology 
@tommcfly Norway won 
#Eurovision - I really like #Romania 's performance, too.  They'd also be one of my favouritesz, I think.
just got to Germany 
@leesetford I hope it is now clear what the point of Eurovision is- to get horribly drunk and laugh at the rest of Europe 
@tmtn @snowflakeshona we did like those  personally the Estonian singer was my favourite, but you'll see why...
Norway... I think I liked mr. Violin the best 
@IvyBean104 hi pleaze tweet back at me??  im ur huge fan and one new twitter peep from Finland  u must be the oldest on twitter so cool.
@ashnessa94 i'm from Germany   whats your favourite disney star?
I'm so happy that Bosnia came on 9:th place 
Watching some tv  The weather in Sweden is really great but i dont feel like going ot at all...
@puccaso Your PomegranatePhone link...And Bulgaria - that's so exciting! Zdravei 
is waiting for her friends from Switzerland. Coffee is ready- cake is looking good  Gonna be an International day today
@juicy____  I'm in Paris man  one of my friend went to the the #gonzpiration concert  at the 3h30 session .. iit's also available
is glad that Norway won.  And happy norway day...
@fluffy_duck Yay, Norway rocks 
The women from Romania are so pretty... They look like fairies in those outfits... 
@madammim78 I love france, I have never been to Croatia though. I love beaches 
Norway was the winner yesterday,congrats!  my favourite was Iceland,she's awesome!! (:
and how wrong was i105107 about Iceland 
@astaldoia hell no! emma and I had a whole night of ESC  To bad that Swe recieved so bad points, but Norway is very cute  
@HiDeefelicity lol yh it was funny  I dunno why Norway won though they wernt that gd
having a slow and lazy day, watching FCK beat Larvik HK in handball 
@coldplay i have a burning question.... will you ever come play in SA? you have no idea how many people love you here 
Germany or Greece should have won Eurovision. Follow Delain on Twitter people! 
long time no see. the candy is from Bulgaria  http://tinyurl.com/rb8xl5
I used to live in Norway 
@dannywood Every 6 months!??! If that is true then I hope the loveboat will at least be stopping in Europe at some stage  x
@mileycyrus would you come to Europe soon. We hope you have a concert here very soon. When you come, I hope you will visit Holland! 
!@bkdodgr  We'll always have Paris 
Ten years ago, a year of cableTV $ = rt ticket to Germany/elsewhere. Decided I'd rather be there, than watch other ppl be there 
@RhyLoosh yeah there is that...sure you'll get that C in French  haha well i wanna treat my girls,what better way then with food?  xx
rockin out to radiohead and heading to the Rangers game  im so ready for Europe and India.
congratulates @thisisroger for his victory in Madrid 
trip to Hungary at end of june, trip to toronto on 28th,  excited
Off to Europe until the 24th! 
@andrewghayes It was difficult 2 choose a winner - several great songs &amp; artists. Always fun when so many Nordic countries in the top 
@synve Headline in our local paper today says, &quot;Norwegian Wears European Song Crown&quot; ... Congratulations to you and all of Norway .. 
@Mascarad So cool! Where have you been exactly? Dance floor? I like Moldova, Estonia and Israel most of all  Songs are just amazing!
@natalieismint I hate it. It confuses me. I love Spanish though. Spain FTW. 
@italylogue I am glad. Enjoy your time in Italy  I hope you get to see a better match from AC Milan than yesterdays
@lifecruiser Yes but indeed the Nordics are typically in the top 
Looking up summer jobs in Paris 
Oh man ....  the weather in Germany sucks.... I want to run L.A ....... LOL soooo... to all my twitter freinds have a nice day and night 
Laid out most of my Annecy, France scrapbook pages!  One city down, Avignon, Nice and Paris to go!
I &lt;3 being in Paris 
The Norwegian  tune (Winner of the 2009 Eurovision) is annoyingly catchy and I can't seem to get it out of my head 
is back from Switzerland, recommends the Hotel Seidenhof, Zurich 
Wow Germany were very disappointing. Quite disappointed with Dita's performance too. I can't believe Norway won  Roll on next year!
@Dannymcfly : you &amp; and the guys were amazing on Radio1! I love you over all.  don't forget to visit Germany guys.. xx
@superiorpapers thanks but I would need it in german not english as I live in Germany!! Most of the time I just search for latin homework 
@andyroddick I will be in Paris on the 26th for my 2nd anniversary. Can we meet you?  
@snowball26 there are a lot of new german ones tonight  If you need help- just ask  #Germany
Germany trip planning: so far includes, awesomeness, and MORE awesomeness!! 
@mattbeetar I am Afrikaans, Dutch &amp; German hehe  Easy as pie! But pretty good @ English as well 
Enjoying a nice cup of tea and watching Norway's winning song on youtube 
@JessicaKSzohr I am a huge GG fan from Germany! I love the show and your acting is great 
The weather is just perfect in Germany. 
flights booked to malaga on 12th July  Next stop either Bilbao, Madrid or Girona. Or a combination of.....
My blog on education : http://educationjourapresjour.blogspot.com/ (in French but there is an automatic translation 
Paris in july, Italy in september 
@Jonasbrothers I'm going to see you to Paris and to Barcelona!Please come to in the South of France!Toulouse or Marseille ??Thank you 
@jesslaw Yay! I can't wait for your Rome blog! 
I guess i need to buy a new suitecase..there is too many things to bring from Finland to Italy. Or I need to return soon 
@kellyhines my 3rd graders were amazed to learn that Madagascar is a real country in Africa 
aaaaah Eurovision contest was uh-may-zing  Iceland came 2nd place...which means we did a LOT of partying and celebrating last night 
Eurovision was great. Iceland went crazy cause we came 2nd place  ..i got home at like 6.30 this morning from partying :'D @AmazingPhil
is reading through all her AS French stuff just to re jog the old brain 
Norway's national day today!!! 
@Jonasbrothers come to Norway!! 
@_ellieeeee didn't get in the final =/ BUTTTTT. watch Finland, Sweden, Romania, Iceland + UK 
@Lynaarchuleta yeah, i got it  I'm german, but I live in Czech Republic  I learn french... I think it's an awesome language! But you're
@china__cat That's a wonderful idea! I must just do that. Nazi otter mod! 
Getting ready to host my brother-in-law &amp; our Swiss house  guest for diner tonight 
I Found out: I'm an 8th Danish 8th Jewish German 8th German swish and an 8th Swedish/ 8th Spanish and 3/8th Mexican.  I think that's right
Germany is Gr8! Eating like a little piglet.  Weather is colder than I thought  Maybe we'll go 2 Poland 2day... It's just 7:30 in the AM
@sharminjassal but if we were German we would be &quot;pressing thumbs&quot; instead - that's what they do for good luck 
I am in Austria (and possibly Italy/France) until June!! 
@MyMelange We are also heading for Rome, in 9 days 
@OlafurArnalds And I sometimes forget how much I'm jealous you live in Iceland! 
Tokio Hotel wins the TRL Italy award - http://tinyurl.com/q55sqe (via @TOKIOHOTELNEWS)  He looks so cute....... 
@FTTforum a lot of us, across Europe, are expecting that Justice is done 
@Nulapimple I too thought Ukraine was robbed!  That woman was distracting!  
Seriously - Ukraine got a better finishing position than us??? Oh.. uhm yes.. almost forgot - congrats Norway! 
My blog is now being read in Australia, Vietnam and Estonia! Wow! 
@tknuewer but Abba came from Sweden, not Norway 
I got a new notebook from Slovenia. An orange notebook!!!  http://bit.ly/6qfI5
Survs is already being used in more that 115 countries 
@stikr Not my style, but really good nonetheless! I take it YOU are going to represent Norway next year at the Eurovision! 
@KAYdotSEEdot, I hope you don't get too jealous that I'll be in Rome for the GIRO and you wont... 
OMJ, ur pics are awesome  hope we'll see sonn in Poland 
@ECtarget I live in The Netherlands  California, yeah, it's THE Earthquake state, hard to let it go?
@robertbasic I spent once 2.1EUR on lottery, and won 3EUR  #lucky !
@stellawest Also, we should try taking it seriously with an upbeat song, now Europe knows we're not just taking the mick 
reviving the burn down chart generating scripts (@smn named it Rome  ).
@mileycentral We don't have sites like that here in Italy.. And I'm SO happy when I saw new matches there!!!  so.. How are u?
@lynyke  Who else do you think are crazy about Hungary and Hungarian beauty  ?
@robluketic hang in there sweetie ... cos I'm waiting on your tweets   grtz from Belgium
The weather is perfect in Iceland today 
@zdubs89 Trying out my rad Italian skills &amp; i shouldn't cause then i'll be on fb 
@LaughingPuffin have decided to stop following you. Norway is the place to be now... 
Another glorious day in sunny Iceland. Absoloutly positive this day will bring on good news 
@kierensmith I love you too kieren  have fun in Europe and ill see you and warped when you come back!
@Wesleyadamquinn i hope you'll be coming soon  how's the Popstar photoshoot going ? - Vfactory French Team
Just got tix to see #FaithNoMore in Paris, epic! 
Wonderful city, Ljubljana! I also enjoyed Bled and some wonderful Slovenian virtual friends that I finally met in flesh and blood 
Waiting for a haircut. Wanna be beautiful in Spain and Catalunya. 
@VedantKanoi do not THINK - just go ahead and enjoy Paris 
@spreckenstein obviously the boyish charm and good looks of the Norwegian entry didn't tickle your fancy... I thought he was beautiful 
Schengen Visa sorted, awaiting a Euro trip now 
I wanna go to Sweden NOOOW  but i can't.
@psychodwarf *wipes icing on back of sleeve and starts typing* and THAT my dear is why I'm the size of Belgium 
@Crizzyx3 hehe I liked his song  Norway should be proud he was great ! ;D
@Wesleyadamquinn i hope you'll be coming soon  how's the Popstar photoshoot going ? - Vfactory French Team
@ginatufano Think about Italy 
is going to Spain next month! 
@sherine_e ... To Paris darling!! Where else?! Sounds fun... But u should be studying!  xxx
@thatssonotaword It's the same for me! I think Dutch reminds me of German, except that Dutch seems less &quot;angry&quot;. Especially when spoken. 
going home, lunch with family and then to Madrid ~ need to buy few things 
@ambienteer And it's Norway! 
@fiona_simpson Croatia! I'm so excited, praying for nice weather. Poitiers will be amazing! 
@tommcfly Norway won,they werent my favourite but oh well  x
@babygirlparis Hi Paris, I love reading what you're doing! Have a great time in Europe! Hugs from Berlin/Germany! 
@juggleinpink I am indeed in the Congo! I bet the other one is my brother. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5dvjr - oh!so cool! I hope you're some excited when you come to Spain 
Eurovision - the chap who won it is from Russia, be prepared we will invade the worl soon. 
@orangeflowers He he, those cunning Swedes are taking over the world with those Ikea meatballs. I ate 15 of them!  ?
@OlafurArnalds have a nice &amp; safe flight to Germany ... looking fw for yr new album 
I'm in Hungary. It's really hot in Budapest. But damn, I really like these chicks, hehe 
@thomaskenne &quot;This is the reason while Sweden has no space program&quot; 
@babygirlparis nice pic Paris, looks very cute  enjoy ur time there
McFly should come to Denmark!! 
@MaManfie - For history AS i'm doing Nazi Germany and USA from 1890-1945, you? 
@PeterDawoud surprising.  i wouldn't think that Denmark would be a huge pizza place.  i guess i learned something new today after all 
tomorrow is Nordic walking day at Bled from 10am on. 
i'll meet yuuki soon~  today's class is just bored. but i like old Germany movies! ))
finishing up now and heading to the airport for a long weekend Germany (without internet) ... see you all in a couple of days again 
@Machita64 nice to see you back  Greetings from Norway 
@thatjhoanna  You'll have so much fun -- especially if you come to Italy 
@sweynh Yes, just do it   - &amp; then you can start your Norwegian campaign, too (I expect Scotland could do with the Crowns + compound %)
@mattbeetar morning  how's it going is sunny SA?
@mattbeetar morning  how's it going in sunny SA?
@jordanknight  cruise in Europe next year and I'll try to be there 
I am a German woman and I live in Switzerland since 2006. In my free time I am hooked on to ride race bicycle 
@sbtourist Actually, even cooler would've been if I did go to Italy.  Hopefully sometime soon!
My tip for today: singer songwriter Souad Massi, #France #Algeria,  http://tr.im/m4QO lot's of poetry and and a great voice.. 
good morning !!! It's 10.22 am in Germany and today i go shopping 
@JessicaSain maybe Paris will be better the second time around - just don't go down any red light district streets this time. 
Finished work for the day. Now time to pack for Scotland holiday starting this afternoon. Off to Finland on my return for 8 days. 
www.beefbrothers.net vyhrali Sabre Award (for Eastern Europe) s projektem Digital Slovakia http://tiny.cc/2rLdA. Ju huu. Need to tweet 
is in the Reichstag, the home of the German Parliament, Bundestag. Really cool architecture. 
@richbs ready for a brand new day? in Belgium we have a day off 
@OpenAgile Romania, after the starting &quot;Agile&quot; workshop  http://www.openagile.ro/schedule/
On the west coast of Denmark 
Really hot weather in #Warsaw, #Poland today. Summer is coming 
off to Paris today, for the GP Dunkerque 
@DonaElla a twitter friend from Belgium said they study VB6 at school. The new post is coming in less than 2h 
is in Paris for a couple of days - any suggestions? We'll try anything, once. 
Now typing from Bumthang in Central Bhutan. This is known as the Switzerland of Bhutan.  I've not been to Switzerland, so I can't comment 
can't wait to be in car and head to Opatija. maybe we be in final in something. . now wouldn't that be cool 
@MountainDan I noticed recently you're one of top Twitterers in Vienna / Austria 
@michaelwsmith Yes, last night was amazing! May God bless you all!! Finland thanks and we hope to see you soon back in Finland!  Kiitos!
@leeannl i think ud be SA's prettyiest WAG mwah 
having lunch so joined a German tour group on tour around the uni. learning new things 
Spending today working on the food for tomorrow's tasting ~ California, France, Italy and Argentina ~ inspired by last night's dinner 
Moroccan bath! Its time to get rid off all that dead skin 
Free lesson in French 
Heia Runeex we speak English or Norwegian? 
@jason_mraz  come to Latvia!  youpidue
@jack_daniel SA certainly is a nice place, I used to be there quite often when I lived in France. It is very French, though 
$FAS ; most banks are trading higher in Europe ; good day for $FAS again 
ja,ja,ja, es q es verdad!! warner in Madrid and then, we wil go to santander!! 
@head_min heh, no i wasnt in charge of the domain-name choosing, but Deutschland would be a super fun place to visit if given the chance 
On my way 2 Paris 
@Skittlesdfw I used to be so obsessed with the original. Loved turning Europe into a desert through heavy use of Aztec nuclear weapons. 
@InMyProOpinion LOL oh Tues haha Paris sounds very exciting though 
@danciotu pop over to Finland while you're at it! 
@SvenSteinbeck a sunken city in Germany? awesome. So how do I get there? 
I think SA1SA5 went well  - cant say anymore though as discussed in @shirleyearley 's blog post http://bit.ly/gUbqt
@farotto  That's a little cruel....isn't it? Heh heh!  U R close to Lyon? I hv fond memories of touring France in the 70's, loved it 
@maribeth901 I bet the time will just fly by this summer! You're doing a good thing in Ghana, and I hope the rest of your trip goes well. 
@HotMess4CCNK  Where in Germany are you? I loved it, I have been there twice, both times in Braunschweig.
@LWinthorpe and like every eveningmcrude is gearing up as the pre-mkt in Europe approaches 
Gawd.. rubbish collecting robots on the streets of Italy... seen it all now 
@petteflet lol you are right. i have mixed you both up. Germany is great too 
@kristenstewart9 the pictures from Italy look great hope you had fun while shotting the movie  and good luck on the MTVmovieawards 
it's friday and the weather is beautiful in Randers (Denmark)!.. We should go out for a beer later on 
http://twitpic.com/664cp - And Europe too 
@Jessicaveronica what about a tour that includes Croatia? or anything remotely near? 
Sitting at a sidewalk cafe in Chambery waiting on a colleague. One final meeting before heading home this afternoon 
its an amazing day here in london my trip to Spain has been cancelled so it looks like i will be enjoying the sunshine here in london 
I still heart #Croatians... 
Another over-warm, and very humid day ahead. Iceland sounds very tempting, good morning twitterverse friends 
@dougiemcfly http://bit.ly/sxSx7  hi dougie!! plaese come to Denmark!! 
@benkowalewicz haha I'm good I guess  so I believe you will be in Germany next week, are you excited? having any plans on partying yet?
@ashleyraebby it's just an awards show. That takes place in Oberhausen. 
