Most common words for this cluster:
[('get', 1226), ('got', 185), ('ta', 159), ('u', 134), ('getting', 106), ('na', 99), ('lol', 95), ('amp', 52), ('x', 40), ('didnt', 40), ('n', 31), ('way', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'get', 0.9045857191085815), (u'got', 0.7600247263908386), (u'getting', 0.7329745292663574), (u'Cassell_chirped', 0.6711689829826355), (u'just', 0.6425163149833679), (u'maybe', 0.639870285987854), (u'anyway', 0.6398180723190308), (u'gets', 0.6394942402839661), (u'Getting', 0.631481945514679), (u'bell_rung_Favre', 0.631026029586792)]





Why don't the hot guys from my gym get on my train in the morning? It's always full of dullards 
The sun is shining, gotta get to work 
it is way to cold this morning... i dont wanna get out of bed... but i have to 
I'm really sick  I have to go get a bunch of tests at the doctors today. They think it might be lyme. I'm really not excited about this...
ugh. i'm slightly sore... need more sleep but no, gotta get to work. 
get it in tuesdays 
getting ready to go get my toenail lasered 
@miemoface eeeeew get coffee beforehand 
Doing my english coursework  I better get it done and out of the way.
@burnsrodney lol I do @ 10 so gotta get it in before  horrible huh? Lol
enjoying the weekend.  gotta get up and clean house soon 
@Bootley aww, that sux!! get some rest and drink plenty of water. feel better 
dude wat a nite! got in at 6 now at work 
hey who is anthony anderson?  get your sweetbadazz to invite me again to tweet with you...I couldn't log in so I lost the link 
dang didnt get through either  , again after this song?
@bbsblazed  so going to the gc with out me...bummin make sure u get lot's of pics ;)
just ok i guess  poo didnt get a good person
Craving pinkberry right now  and cant get my fix.
'When the going gets tough'  'The tough get going'  N I ant tough 
got an urge to get a new watch. guess ima get one now 
i almost thought i was gonna get to come home early but of course i dont have that kind of luck 
@toyabanks lol im srry  well not yet at least every1 get sprung n they life once
I need to stop all of this social networking and get focused on getting my clothes organized, but it's a losing battle! 
Why did @keithcarroll get this KPop song stuck in my head?  http://tinyurl.com/87dgqa
@DustinS when did everyone get dznr accounts. I want one 
I somehow thought working out with my sinus infection would make it feel better, get stuff moving.  I was wrong. I feel worse. 
@fmonyourdial get 'em! have a good show!!! wish i was able to make it out there again...booo to me!  i gotta catch another one soon!
@andyclemmensen delicious lol. devo, cant go tomorrow  come get me? lol kidding!
You don't quite get the same sense of satisfaction completing overdue homework. 
(@Biansta) oh snap... my iPhone headphones just hit that no-more-wearable milestone  gotta get me some new ones...
I don't think I have ever been in so much pain before. I really need to go get some x-rays done and see what is wrong with my hip 
So gotta get ready for work - ironing shirts, shaving, packing my bag 
@ghelleks only solution is get up, get out of house, and try again in 12+ hrs 
@AliceCullenlJ im good, cant get to sleep!  you?
i'm debating on going to go get some free continental breakfast or not.... i'd have to go alone 
@EverGreenT  didnt get it
ohhhh i must go   gotta get myself together for todays baseball games..will tweet in a bit from my phone..
ugh. its getting worse. 
@GemmaCartwright Too cute! If you get one, get a really young one &amp; handle it loads, otherwise it won't be down with cuddles - like mine 
@Teelou lmfao why the hell u get up so early lol, and i wish it wasnt me as takes the piss getting up for college 
get back to work 
i still dont get it 
gosh the internet is down!  tw cable get on it!
@EleniJean sorry we didnt get to movie   when entertainment marketing is turned in we will go!
@uberfuzzy so sad to hear  get well soon!
WAY too early. ugghhh, so tired   getting ready then schoool, kill me now.
@aceloveszcrazy i thought i was the reason u get up everydayyyy  l0l* jk
I still cant get a pic of me on my profile 
@colesytheref i cant send u a message on here   i really dont get it...lol
Picking up my hazelnut ice blended at @TheCoffeeBean and headin' to rehearsal! These things are so addicting   gotta get it w/ soy!
@dannijaw not sad enough to do what the doctor ordered... That lil girl is never gonna get on the right track at her speed. 
@serahhh no.  got to wait til manchester for my ucap to start!
ps ick i think im getting allergies! noooooooo!!! 
OWWWWWYYYYY!!! just stepped on a piece of glass!! guess i did'nt get it all!!  murrr....
@caitlin_95 devo u just dont get it right 
@BSBSavedMyLife cant get to sleep? 
ok best get back to work now  tea break over!
i can feel the water lapping over my head right now. really not sure how i'm gonna get this stuff done 
Aghhh! This bed is stupid awesome! I don't wana get up!  
@tonyhawk while those on the east coast get no earthquakes or skateboards 
watchin the adult movie awards. akward. gettin ready for bed. saw a dog get hit today  i pulled him out the highway
@MrsMichels oh that sux  get some tweezers?
@Dripps aw, thanks 4 letting me know. followed back. been bombarded lately w/marketers &amp; the nice ppl get buried in the mix 
@steffy213 ohdamnn..this sucks  ill get there and run my ass off to the cinema area. and make my way through the crowd..
@yeah_mate jealous  ..  got their back catalogue.. see: no money left!
@KatieDrinkwater  we couldnt get in to the gig! but tim burgess phoned me! 
I hit two hundred updates &amp; didn't notice  going to shower, do my hair &amp; get ready to go shoppin and maybe get a quick nap in! 5 1/2 hours
On the drive home, wont get there for like an hour 
why can't i get a float, i want a float 
@hiyakate continued, ill giv u a raing later see how you doing x get well soon i hopes  x msn easier to talk x ? x
is so over this virus!!!! get out of my tummy!!!!!!!! 
Still waiting for the band to get here for the next session, things were meant to start around midday  Really wanna get these tracks done
@tashasiian awwwwh  get better soon xxx
Really shouldn't have let my curiosity get the best of me and looked at those pics! How horrible 
Nothing left.  let's get over and done with it. bye.
unable to  install virtual box  neither could I d/l the 'deb' file nor install it through apt-get
My neck &amp; back is killing me on these damn bleachers.    hurry up &amp; get 2 the diplomas
ahhh.. ok. i just thought baka u get bothered with my spam posts about pets. im just so so so sad.. 
i don't think i'm gonna get published  well an article for the community paper isn't so bad, right?
@LaBellaSiM LOL u not gonna come get ur plate 
not sleeping. should be. gotta get up at seven. i need a job where i can sleep in. also, the toilet is broken. 
now ive gotta get my stuff ready for school tomorow  eewwww
@calvinharris i am proper gutted i got my head cut open during your first song at cov didnt get to fucking see you, pure gutted  x
@MegOhio it's too cold  get here now!
@sweetaddictions awww! get better 
needs to be studying, but cant get around to it.  
So, boston won  but eventhough the fight went 2 rounds, I love watching someone get knocked out.
i really gotta get outa this funk 
@b3anz That's gotta suck! At least u get to watch the game 2nite! 
I know!  gotta get some food then get to work!
@DavidArchie canada doesnt get it today, sucks for us 
Missing my bff, get well soon @HJoLee..its just not the same w/o u 
my mamma get on my nerves 
chillin.. lol still grilling lol! I'm effn tired. gotta get up earlyyyy 
@ABabyBlueEyes heeyy  u didnt get my email.. u making me upset naw?? lol
About to gas up, get some StarBizzy and hit the road 
@igortizz haha wont u get in trouble? i wuld...my mom wuld be pissed 
@annaversary get better!! (and don't get anyone else sick) hehe. And I'm so sad that your wine is gone 
@rpattzlawyer Some get really irate too! But they don't mind do they? I'd hate to think they do. 
knows what he has to do... he just can't do it, he really can't  he knows its only gonna get worse as time goes on...
About to go to bed n get ready for math.. 
I wanna yell, scream, throw stuff, get into a fight, and basically otherwise go crazy - would release all this pent up shit ... but can't 
On my way home..... Its late n I gotta get up on 5hrs.... MazTrizte  !!!!!!!!
@bdoc04 lolll . get sleeep for me cause im pullling a legit all-nighter. my first all nighter ever haha .. 
boots on other hand failed +4, 3 times so far (very expensive run of bad luck) so i gotta get back to farming crespo again for argates  
doesnt matter that it's a national holiday.. noo..  get online to be spammed with requests to do stuff
strike that feel absolutely terrible...  got loads 2 do n i feel ridiculously shit. this aint even funny 
I just finished everything... Now lets get da finals!!!!!!!!!!! 
@ddecandia oooohhh get online i got a story to tells ya i do! 
@Keels_90  sucky, i gotta get up at like 7 too very annoying
im gunna get going now the sooner you start the sonner you finish but i dont think i will finish  bad times love you all update soon x xx
Drinking coffee trying to get motivated to go get shots for school 
is worried about her hubby.  [get well soon, luv.] http://plurk.com/p/rrcsg
@TheLazyUpstart need to check it out when get the net on the go. The g1 is good, but its not that good. 
get better number!!  @sweetheart2010
@katherss come get me! 
@unravel101 did u get any info from them? and what a cold? 
@dreana LMAO i'm sorry and i think about all the ppl that get my mbile updates when i be doin it alot at once and be feeling bad 
Bout 2 get in shower... 
@TeamSavvyOuten aww thanks girl!!! thats awesome! and I KNOW it really sucks  it wont charge AT ALL! hopefully ill get one soon!!
missing my girls  sarah n gee .. but lovin qld, kicking back watching the footy bout to go get din din 
best get soe cleaning done seeing as paul had to go to work today 
@Cassandroar awww mcfly flu  that doesn't sound so bad! ;) get better soon xx
@madilovesmerder yeaah i know wat u mean  i LOVED addie on greys... now on pp i still love her but like not as much if u get me. LOL
arghargharghargh fruggin' pinstripe pants. Now I'm never gonna get all my planning done   but :-D anyways :-D :-D
McFLY was awsome last night their da best feel soooo sorry for u stacey u dint get to go beki as well 
gotta make sure to call my grandma's auntie and my lovely mommy... i miss all them  damn july cant get here soon enough
get well soon mom  i'm sick too sadly!
gotta get up 2 turn off the radio n go clean my teeth......ohhhh, its cold out there 
The worst feelin in the world, is when u realise, decisions made 2 get u 2 where u r 2day, were the wrong ones 
Relaxing for a second then the search is back on ...gotta get this funding to expand my program  
my dad just told me i don't stand a good chance in getting the hawaii internship. 
I haven't been tweeting as much as usual  get back on track here nicole!!!
Waiting for mommy to come get me. D: I dont wanna leave my boyfriend. 
Meeewsic. I just wanna get back to the studio and practice...but I've lost my voice 
my cell keeps ringing.. too lazy to go get it 
@AllisonOfficial it's not working  I really wana get to it but idk how
chillin at the airport in minnesota....didnt get to see my mom before I left! 
@piawaugh get well soon. sorry you can't make it  #cua09
@invincibleDET  ...wutuptho?? lets catch up when u get a minute.
Just got up!..gotta get ready for -_- IT loool..college 
You dont know how much i wantted adam to be voted me.  i cant believe danny got voted off 
just woke up and can't move... back hurts like hell. it's crazy... well, we all get older 
@AnnaSaccone i hate waiting for packages  but its great when u get em!
@kyleandjackieo shit i hope u guys didnt get into trouble about dicko 
I need to pee! I don't wantto get out of my comfy bed 
@bsmrocks no  i'll be atp... get your ass to london some time soon.
Why does the needles the space get no repect ever 
shit cant find my rolling mat 
mmph kant get a pic up 
get back to studying 
depressed beyond all get out 
I'm tired, but I gotta get my homework done *Idontwannaidontwannaidontwanna!!!!!!* but I will anyway 
Whatt theee fuckk. How did my chest get this bonyy?   http://twitpic.com/5c949
i am soo depressed-- got offered my first senior discount     --i'm not even fifty, yet!!
@klx269 tried cant get it to show just shows broken image 
worst part: get home tired and take off the make up 
@JYoungS2TS gross, u get my dad!? 
Dogs outside my window  well I have to pack, shower, and all-nighter? haha my head hurtsss mmm someone get me food
@vissy i know it does  super cute!! get an iphone and we can be iphone buddies 
@amandapalmer I keep trying to buy one, but get an error message.  Doesn't help that I'm complete fucktard when it comes to the net.
just awake want to go back to sleep.......got me some cleaning to do 
@jenp2 wow !! I'm lucky if iever get 5 hours  still mrs thatcher only ever needed 4...etc
@laeilla  don't worry about it. and if you happen to be near campus, get a doc's note for that attack. they work !
@leighanndrue  hope u get your tix tho.
hopes that katie and peter get back together!  x
feelin pretty fckn weak rite now. uhh. gta get over it. 
Is it too late to go to the shops in my jammies? Its past 12 i dont think ill get away with it 
i cnt believe how much tweets ive done bout this guitar and i prob wont even be allowed 2 get it  ..my mum might if she feels sorri ...
@ramadanovic  couldnt find the one i was looking  for  
@LeighLockie its arrived!! 13.57!!  got to and put it all away and cook now  catch you later x
i need to move on like really its getting old missing him....  
would love a galaxy bar, but its the bother of getting up and getting dressed to go get one 
@amandapalmer DON'T LEAVE US  going offline = dating someone, get too involved, draw back, only to become more obsessed upon return, haha
On way home;uggh fuckk dont want to go home!save me please!lol i really want donuts or cookies   someone come get me
was going for a walk but gloria cant get up 
 mum and stephan are argueing noo, stop it please. it will only lead on to worser things and my foods gonna get cold. what a plarva.
#pha09 had to think of alternative shots to offer UKCISA due to dissapointing collection so far  just cant get the shots i'm after!!!
great. i scratched my car today on the right side  .. my moms gonna get pissed at me.
just listening back to some old cuts of mine... :') gota get back in the lab asap..missing that 
norm..... i wanna take him w/me  im going 2 get sad!
damn both the teams i was rooting for got slapped 
This weeek has been really rough for me mann.. I just wish things will get better! I need a get away trip BADLYYY 
its hot, im frustrated, i just want get away, sigh. 
@AGtheKid I know..tweetie kept it the same.  get me an autograph plz. Yes groupie.
@coupdemain I would personally go get you one but sadly I live a little to far away 
 ..omg...my celly is off...this hasn't happened to me in years...WTF!!! gota get my bill paid
just woke up and cant get back to bed.. and i have a final tom.. this isnt going to be good 
@kristoffer34 I know!!! I gotta get back, now  this sucks.
@lakey er - did my invite get lost in the post? 
@ineedalimb ill get them tmr, i need 8,9,10. cbf doing it, got maths to study LOL. 
why does it have to rain?? got a job interview at 3 and im gonna get soaked walking there! 
okaaay ill get up! goodbye bed  laterzzz
either way, it's gotta get frogged. it's waaay too big. 
Yet more homework to do!  There is NO way I'm gonna get it all finished.  
I reallyyy hate getting ready 
OOOOHHH allergies.... please get outta my head 
@missprettielady girl me 2 I am the only get em girl that wasn't there 
http://bit.ly/1xyltz  craving this right now.. dont get it anymore here 
At meli's crib chillin, went to go get some breakfast, got a flat on my way back to meli's 
@TabithaMangan i ask that but no1 got bafck to me 
morning twiddles....mmm my bed feels soo good i don't want get out 
gotta get in the shower. So tired 
@lilyroseallen One got stuck in my can of fanta, and ended up stinging me in the lip when i was about 13  It wasn't fun to say the least!
Doesn't wantvto get out of bed!!! 
@KeshiaChante at least u didnt get bit by a fuckin dog 
@pamela_gill  get some good rest
@lisamricci I jus bought this phone a few weeks ago lol im 2 poor 2 go get another new one 
made the mistake of going 2 get the mail &amp; opening ltr from mortgage co i dont understand, now i'll never sleep, 2 much worry!!  
@LinaLam HAHA. that was fun, we gotta get the whole gang to that place ! and sit at the random dock that we couldn't stay for 
left all her notes at home so has to go get them and come back into college sucks 
gotta go get on my makeup and then off to school..which sucks  byes
@xbllygbsn no i really cant! lol. i dooo  you dont wear watches or nothing, so cant get you something like that..so im stuck ;) literally!
Even tho I woke up early, the getting out of the actual bed battle is the same!!! 
She's probably gunna get excluded! 
goshh just found out no hairspray todayy  got ready for nothingg.
I'm still sleepy  gotta get ready for work 1 more ay to go..........
At ams. Didnt get to see my besties at the assembly.  better see them tonight at the spring concert!
Has to go get a shot 
@JanieceLincoln I would apologize but you are not following me ;-) I am one of those sporadic updaters anyhow (get busy and such) 
@HappyTweetsi damn mike tyson cant get a break 
@Enamoredsoul dont get too excited its still not final. 
It's the little things I buy that get me excited! ...our last one broke    http://twitpic.com/61dhq
is looking forward to another day to sleep in...gotta get through 3 more before that though! 
I hate it when plans get screwed up 
@darkzoo I hope no more shows get cancelled 
@ajaedandridge aw u get off when I get back on 
Hates that I lost my shot records...having 2 get shots I've already had, but no record of 
@jaredleto Someone get to understand what they are writing there? On kyte? 
@jnaee lnb bouta get replaced !! 
@taylorswift13 im watching a show bout you right now, bout how you would sit at a table of girls and theyd all get up and leave 
is getting the hang if it!! But I'm talking to myself so there's really no point in getting it 
I don't think I understand the point of twitter. Is this what happens after you leave highschool? You don't &quot;get&quot; things? That sucks. 
maybe ill get 11:11 .. 
when da heck will the garage man get here I ask you.. WHEN.. 
You guys dont get too drunk without me 
@Beckinelson idkk if il get to see it again 
Not happy got a big choice to make 
gotta get up in a few hours...booo  gooodnight!
@LeahMul awh, thats not good,   get better soon!
@aligomm wow! How cool is that! or was I guess, I have 18 now  haha get another follower!
@skinnymarie and guess what ! ive got 20 % ! wow its impossible 
@thisislivestyle man yes BrOoKlYn goes hard but longstory short have 2 get comfy in windy !!! 
@sheenstar dont get too excited bby i hear thunder rolling in 
@chaosofthemind aww  get it when your mom comes back 8D
still aint get my vanilla frosty yet. 
Is stuck in some long ass traffic on the motorway...I'm not gonna get home until after 10pm  I'm so tired...
@cam_reed i feel so bad that happened to you  did the police find the guy that did it? are u gonna get your stuff back?
Helping my cousin get ready for her 8th grade dance...she is growing up 
@bobbie_k_2k - Y!360 closing? get out! 
@cerealck1 i want one so bad  get one for me ?? (:
@PinkyNKOTB  lol - thats 51p less ive got towards the cruise!! 
@thatlass as much as i love to be hopeful, i reckon the chances are minimal =P i'm never gonna get my cake and stuff 
@Fortyisthenew20 i was stupid and didnt get it, now i cant find it.  i think i have to do ebay but that scares me
Oh no it's storming... gotta get off the computer.  
@ amhzz... did u get an invite? I miss u 
@amhzz... did u get an invite? I miss u 
@RyanDownie no problem dude - get better soon, I have a cold as well  bleh!
gotta get used to pocketwit now, damn you twikini 
it is red hot bin tryin 2 get 2 sleep 4 ages but i cant 
@nkangel74 Just ignore it.....and get sum rest...get rid of that headache 
its getting really windy out there 
@AdamRPhoto ow shitttt i cant come get drunk ihave to go to a photo shoot in portsmouth or sumfink  owwwwwwwwwwwww
i already hate my tan lines  oh well better get used to them
@Depond sadly no ive got to work 
is gonna stop uploading photos now. i shud rli get to sleep its like 230am damn you insomnia 
@ilovedanah i still aint get that song from u!! 
feelin' much better, but now i feel awful  got sum xplainin' to do!
blah cant get the piercings till next saturday! 
@MelanieFresh27 they are basically the same thing. I better get some sleep as it's half 3 now and I have to be up at 8. 
@FF101 i used to be in 6...got to crazy...then i got married &amp; had kids, now its just 2    u?
@ashleytisdale why did ur cd get delayed again 
@urbanmorgan aww u get to go  i wish i could go but im not gona be able too....
bein only child = get dragged by 'rents on weekend n didn't get much respect frm them. 's just me, at least. sad 
how do  cc get deactivated any one nooooo???? 
ug realy bad wetha  at least weve got the fire on it bluddy freezin!!
@katie_haman, well he was probaby focused on getting wasted haha, but it was fun even though I had to resign early 
just found out my grandpa is in the hospital. get well soon! 
@judez_xo u better get the 1030 train or I'll cry coz I'll have to wait by myself in the city 
Should I even go to sleep? gotta wake up at 4 
@JeffTheMidget i cant, ive got to go to work 
get sicckkkk with everybody in facebook!! hate them all! 
@SonicPro ok so how do we get it?  &lt;--- Doesn't quite get it!
gotta get up soon n take my kids to their game. ughhhh 
ill stop tweeting, gotta go learning. 
@R33S get out 
@OUBad your up awfully early or did you even go 2 bed? gotta get ready for work 
@kat_n boo! couldnt get my nap..due to noisy neighbours  xxx
Bout to get up &amp; get ready for my favorite uncles funeral 
@CHILLSPOTATL lol I work on Sataurdays... tired as hell... just finished moving @ 3 dis morning... got up at 6 
let's get moving! #marsiscoming is falling. 
I'm phonesick! (like homesick, get it? hehe) 
is watching her dad get her haircut. I can go to cinema with @SheepMonoxide now, but it's too late now 
Jusr saw a squirrel get hit 
I dropped my phone!  its got a couple of small scratches now. Not cool. Home, ready 2 go 2 bed.
@jerseygirl4u I know but I still packing and shit to do before u get here. 
There's a female blackbird trying to wind up cat by getting very noisy and close then flying off. Wish it would tweet more quietly 
ohhh..I'm gonna get so wet until I get inside the car 
Just got done with DeeJays vet visit! Now im at whataburger...i think they are gonna get it wrong 
i hope we made the coffee right so tht we dont get yelled at... eeek! 
@asHcrag_eD i knowww tell me about it i luv sleep  and y did u av get up early ?? x
Ugh gotta get up and go to work 
I hope untouched gets to nummber one. But i really dont know if it 
ugh, i think i'm gonna get sore throat tomorrow.. my throat hurts a little already now and my voice has changed a bit too 
@jehan_ara shucks no more football -  - get well soon we need you to kick some IT arse
 being told im beautiful doesnt make my tummy better
is fucking up. big time  get on the ball diane, get on the ball
@marleyuk oh, if it's tight now by tommorrow your going to look like a beetroot  best get some moisturiser
@tiarala You're making me want to go get a pedi. I'm too tough on my hands for fancy nails, toes however... doubt anyone has an opening 
that was fast. started with $20, got up to $95, now at 50 cents. 
@eclecticbeautyy Lolol...I gotta go get a new blackberry already...niggas gave me one with a fucked up batter 
@mfhorne interrupted my little spaz about aiden.  get in the way much! xx
http://twitpic.com/69xtb - Robots need umbrellas,or theyll get rusty  nx
watching get smart ..need to work on this research paper ! 
It's 4pm &amp; I'm still in bed gotta get up &amp; get the boy something 2 wear  I hate my days off when there is nothing 2 do but stay in bed
I don't care...im getting another one.  according to bb...it's a bitch treat.  http://twitpic.com/6a6jq
@lkue  sucks. wanna get drunk?
@InEgoVeritas  good site getting acquainted with it, can't add them to my foxy tunes yet 
Just went to go get my eyebrows thread , show the lady my id from last year, she goes, what happen you were so pretty---&gt; ego damaged 
thinking diversity where wicked! and wish i cud get us cgmoh as spiedi are on it 
trying to upload a pic for @sdi126 but cant get it to work. 
Oh how I would love to go get a few drinks with the greatest neighbor ever @RSHook  ! But I think I just read on fb that he's super busy. 
Is irritated!  ugh get me outtaaaa hereeeee!
Finally got out of bed &amp; get dressed. I look all icky!  I just wish you would understand me.
hope annaek12 gets home soon..  and gets my long message.. and calls me. hahaha. wooow. that was so lesbian. lmao. :o
@allieepjafan still cant get it even at my broters house do you see my pic it says it is there 
@MissJaded  well O/our other company is arriving earlier than expected   W/we gotta get back
@joelcomm damn, now I am gonna have to go get a damn iPhone 
@LAXMURDA awww get that shit in check so we can see your sunshinin face instead of that grey punctuation! 
get of my twitter, get ur own- anywayz yes casino was good pcd n lady gaga was swick!!!! got sore feet now 
@seanmurphymusic i hate u n ur muzic...get dat.... 
my review still hasnt got posted yet.. 
how did the red wings do? I didnt get to watch it! 
Hoping this is done...gotta stop anyway...her scalp is pink and sore! 
@sincerelykase  cheer up! don't you or didn't you graduate this year? that's gotta be good.
@ngkary get well soon hunny 
i need to go get chocolate but it just started raining 
got i hate gettin head colds in the summer...n i have so much 2 do, but feelin like this im not goin 2 get anythin done... 
@katrinawebb yeess ;) but didnt get a photo 
@HeyErnie just after send you my request for an invite, got a msg from @playspymaster with a bit.ly link, which is down   #crying
@necolebitchie awwww  we gotta shut twitter down u guys lol the owner is going to sleep...everyone get to your nearest exit..thanks 4 comn
I sprained my neck  but its getting better on the upside..
@RealLamarOdom where's my thank u, i am the 1 who said ill get willy wonka to u if you won game 6 &amp; sent u a video of willy wonka no love 
so basically we didnt get in (( whats the point of giving tickets out !? and like less than half get in  grrr...
spose id better get on with the second section of this science 
pictures are up up and away. pity we didnt all get on stage tho  :L
hella mad @yonasafrica &amp; @thurzday were here &amp; i didn`t get to meet them. i love U-N-I. 
just woke up.. i dont wanna get out of bed, its so warm in here. aaaaahh! 
@rockyouphotos ohhh you've never shot in there? i'm 50/50 on arenas - stages are always too high  gotta bust out some heels
@dwighthoward don't be ashamed you cried! awwee  quelindoo.. yall deserve this! get it innn
@popartblair i dont like it  a dont get it lol!!!
to do list: dye my hair, swim laps till I throw up, tan, get my hair cut, get the arabic/spanish/lsat book....try and do hw in the summer 
misses her bff. why'd she have to go do something stupid, like get married!! 
WiFi not working.  Getting internet withdrawals.
@chods70 whatchya doin?  get on xbox. come play with me.  I need some cheering up 
Ooooo too much fun last nite.......way sleepy! Getting ready for work 
@shmaylorz94 I know!!! D: I dun get it 
wants to get back home, or atleast get over with the kgp ordeal. No fun anymore 
Itrying to figure out how I'm gonna get through graduation without my daddy here?? 
@Its_SiAN yehh i no the equation and when to use it now. but i dont actually no how to if u get me lol 
@sykery awww  get well soon, little doggy.
@ceetee i doubt i'l get chutti    suyash is goin 2 leh on 22nd !
I hate when base hits get followed up by bloops 
@RainbowAnne @LarssonFace joining you both in that, exam tues and really don't have the get up n go to revise 
get's busy again with her thesis.. 
k better get to work now 
@midorka I just really want my pepperoni!  Hopefully they'll bring the replacement soon. Getting hungry here.
@lilyroseallen go get an allergy test. they wipe peanut butter on you &amp; stuff. ranque-er. i'm allergic to chocolate 
Still haven't made it to bed  kids gone with memaw shopping. Finally gonna get some rest!
@alexiscaputs  ill get you another bandaid?
@AWicher @perki i really wanted to go, i just cant get there  is there another one on anytime??
I guess i better get back to studying 
@whitespider1066 I would actually need very little encouragement... But I don;t get paid if I'm not there 
@ChloeDineen haha! just made me lol ! haha noo i wont! i prob wont get unoe! i need to get it 
get got teeth pulled 
even though the gig is sold out but ayeeeeeeeee i want a ticket haha, wont get one though  sad times xx
@SpeaksBeliefs ok, get outta my head. going through that one right now. 
ARGhhhhh just woke up. now ill neverrrrr get back to sleep. 
@jericjonm don't worry! i'll load them up soon &amp; send it. what do you mean lola's getting worse? how? 
@NerdAtCoolTable u all late &amp; wrong   4get it now.  but maybe u can help me once we have all the installments done &amp; need 2 put all 2geth
@SnoohBirdie guess ill go get some tissue now 
@kddillon @mmslay ratio is cool but to bad its not in my favor. I gotta get my team up 
i just dont get it. why is it that i have 1000 or so subbers yet my vids only get like 200 views? i'm confused 
or not...wtf. got me so excited 
@whitneyduncan oh how i miss those days at the river.. i gotta get back.. 
@RaisaNguyen you know their getting a divorce right? 
@terreo wah like that bring back also melt alr!! but i still want!  can mail to denmark?
Home from uni but ive got soo much work to do 
@yasexy I'm good but mad sleepy and cant get to sleep 
@clairehancock There's been a fatality apparently  G'luck getting in.
@fishimi yayy! get better soon! 
training got cancelled so ended up blogging.But I gotta get off the net. This is so unproductive 
That horny kitty thing must be really desperate. As soon as I block it, it comes back.  I'm not your target audience, get it?!
I cant sleep  and i think im getting a fever 
is feeling like its monday  and cant get motivated.
long week ahead... actually long summer ahead... and not enough money to pay for all the events  guess I better get to work
When are celtic gonae get a new manager 
just had lunch now best get back to work 
fuckinq vomitinq eeewww!!!! get me some chicken soup 
it's too early  getting ready, then cheer, then going to get contactssss
I'm meeting my friend in starbucks in... 25 minutes better get moving... i wanna bring my doggy with me though 
@optimusprym8 My claims a bit more complex than yours, I think... It's been processed, suspect I'm gonna get screwed 
Officially on my way back to chicago...not at all ready to leave but i gotta get back to reality 
@DionneSouth I wish i could but got too much to do in the flat  why can't their be a gadget to help me out here lol
still dont get it !! 
@bjam331 I still cant get it working   ...
Just woke up but im still tired.  cant get back to sleep. What is wrong with me?!?
laying in bed probably going back to sleep for a bit fighing this cold  tryna get better asap gotta go to the stu this week
@KatieRoxMusic having issues pre-ordering :'(  got my  copy, but trying to get another for a gift and it's not allowing me 
i have a reallly bad headache  i just wanna get better fast!
Is about to cut my phone off.. That's the only way imma get some sleep 
@xEricaLaraina my mom still isnt here so we prbbly wont get 2 yesenia until 12:15 we r fo sho going to be @ least 10 min late...i'm sorry 
can't wait till school's out, but gota get through finals first 
@hayleyorrx  aw  get well soon, aknow it's lovelyy 
damn near got attacked by bee's 
wow! could this get any better 
@IMACLASSIC I'm tired &amp; ready 2 get the hell outta here. I'm leave soon 4 real 
@partywithneha sorry, didnt get that 
@ChazLndn I really want to go get into it. You need to coach me here  lol
missing many of my favorite people right now  feeling pretty down..gotta get out of this room....
gah i'm so hungry. pizza better get here soon. dad came home early 
Needs 2 do some jogging but can't b bothered 2 get off the sofa - not a good start!!!!!!!!!!! 
@iamjakz damn  I'm praying you all get better
@flapjack50 best get off as I have got uniforms to iron now  nighty ho ! X
@fernanndda i hate maths too  i just dnt get it! xd
I want to go get a pedicure, but hubby don't want to take me 
@Emmycakkes I was just gonna take the car &amp; get both U sluts but it's kinda later in the afternoon and there's always hella pigs.oinkoink 
@RadicalHonesty LUCKYYY! I want to go get it tomorrow but my parents are making me pay for it myself. im broooke 
Just saw a guy get sprayed by a passing bus 
@DrakeKemper aww...  that stinx!! where did u get it from??! get better drake!!!
It figures that my directv gets shut off when E3 starts 
@rachmurrayX okies hunni, im sorry there messing you about  well try get it sorted somehow, ill keep an eye out 4 ya n text ya if it d ...
@noey1210   i had one surgically removed.  think i'm gonna get my other big toe done at some point too.
@ashleymiranda1 re add me &amp; get ya followers @ me i got hacked 
@SheenaSnively st. catharines doesnt get that shit here, 
my grandma's getting operated 2marow 
@heatherreette ya get a new car I miss my f 150... Couldn't make the payments 
@majornelson, why can't we get into the beta for 1 vs 100????  We downloaded it, we were there at 7:30... and yet it was too full... 
still cant get empathy's V.chat working 
Soooo tired!! I have to take the train tomorrow  god damn. Getting up at 5:30 to have shower and get ready for school :'(
I hate it when I let everything get to me.     maybe sleep will fix it, if I can sleep.   :/
@Chriscorrell speaking of which.. im watching the awards again.. right now. as we speak... but i still cant get my hands on the trailer.. 
and i DON'T drink athens tap water  whose got change for a 20
Morning world, I dun wanna get off my bed, but I have to 
I think I hate twitter I just dnt get it 
@ePandu you're one lukcy bastard !get to sleep when you want to 
@YoungQ oh snap! I have to go get ready for work! 
was supposed to go see coldplay tomorrow but couldnt get her shift covered 
@J0513x get ready to cry in the beginning. 
Not gonna get in a swimsuit in two weeks by eating pretzals and drinking beer 
@mitchelmusso I went to go get your album but they didn't have it yet  so I'm gonna got get it tomorrow I hope
@LovinFancy who babyshower joanna?? &amp; how I'm goin 2 get n k.o.d?? 
Just as i thoght my day wont get any worse it did and i donno how to feel rite now i think im becomming the old me which isnt so bad 
SSSSSSSSSsssssssssssssiigh!! im never gonna get 2 drive  i hate not been able 2 apply for good jobs because of that
Finally got me some greens. 2 bad the dog kept tryna get all up in my mix. I guess she wanted some greens 2. Now I'm snifflin and sneezin 
when mismanagement and arrogance get rewarded  we all lose.
Why cant my ex get the over himself and let me BE!!! i shouldnt twitter but im upset 
@Geeno33 k will reply wen get chance..goin out any sec up a tall unfinished building .. scared of heights too 
i guess thats a no on the getting fucked up. 
@melissaohh we didnt get it, i think another band already has 
Looking for a new phone....dno wot 2 get thou 
burrrr...its cold....cant get up in the mornings 
@BlueBerry_xx i constantly fight with my dad he's scared of me now so he just lets me do what i want except get a piercing 
@iAmTarynItUp lol get back to work for twitter get u fired 
@TheNewBradie hehehe i dotn think they'll get to read them  oh well... i hope ur dad lets u and u get ur tickets
i want mcdonald's breakfast but im afraid itll make me late 
@RFRAngel92 I'm sorry  I hope we both get better
i gotta get used to this new schedule 
@bloodredshoes ahhh fuking big cheese's only want the promotion, fans dont get a say 
m0rning** *yawnn* *sigh* late again.. smh. i'm gonna get a bad performance appraisal 
Morning,took kids to school,taking dogs for walk then normally I'd go back 2 sleep but I'm back @ work so gotta get ready 
@DJBisproper  i'm sorry boo.  i'ma get a horse tranquilizer for you, okay?
@joesebok if i was there i would give it to ya but im not  u should really go get it tho its awsome!!!
I'm sorry nintendo but u get a 6 out of 10 
the whistle is blowing.... Only to go get shots 
Ugh we hav 2 get gas 
Its pouring ima get worse 
My tonsil hurt s'thin awful! 1 of em is swollen-the icey isn't working &amp; it hurts 2 talk-i just wana get both of em taken out 
@stonesimon techically i wouldnt be going back since its moving and im finished for the year but its got my stuff innit 
everybody's getting there hurr did i want to! 
ed is looking so emping right now but cant get in it just yet  
im in sooooo much pain!!! someone please get me out of here!!! and then i have to drive home. this will be an eventful drive 
@ShoSmoove why was i in g-boro and didnt get to see you?  ever coming up for an nyc visit? miss our rock'n'roll catch ups
get bored thats not fun 
@pandru let's get tea station, i need a pick-me-up 
dangg i gotta get off  bye guys. i'll be awake though. direct message me or text me if you have my number! &lt;3
@soBOMB omggg why r u twitpickin stillll come on!!! were never gonna be able 2 get the bottle  lol
tired...gotta get up early in the morning! 
It just doesnt get better  please just get better. I hate this empty chest feeling
its raining here in manila   gosh! we cant get out!
my computers broken. if i had boobs i could just flash them &amp; get myself a new one 
@4evaCharming so get cho black dress out... 
Oh one of them had a plastic bag on his head so his fro didnt get yet. wish the sun would come back 
@lizfree  how'd your kitty get hurt?
@undefined's curebird report is impressive. i cant get on the site as its blocked 
@EverEsme Is you family okay, did anyone get hurt? 
How does my desk get so cluttered?  I swear it does this when I'm not looking...
Its way too hot where I am I gotta get the hell out of here... I need a ride home 
Its way too hot where I am I gotta get the hell out of here... I need a ride home  http://twurl.nl/i5aa55
@LonelyBob if they are porn stars, why can't we get them to follow us too 
@petraaafied n'awww don't let this get to your other exams  - sending you tonnes of good vibes -
@tiffyT I gotta get me a new boob tube 
@YasserRahman ok!!!! PLs do! @knowsotmuch.. auroville huh? you think ill get it there?? 
Uuuugh gotta get ready 4 work!!! 
its soo cloudy and its got really cold all of a sudden 
@Lindavesinger doubt i will be doing any trips straight when i get back so  prob wont get to any 
@DontLetGo25 howd u get twitterfon?? all i can do is mobile web 
@Lissavisa you bring jen one i better get one too liss 
Note to self: dont get on the bus, get hit by it! i have really had enough 
@AVIUS just working my life away  gotta get those bills paid ... stupid stupid bills.
pollen level must be gettin high  can feel my hayfever coming :o gutted didnt think i was gonna get it bad this year
@DibzJim dude you'l get it!! how'd you get the pic up i can't do it 
my dads just said to me..  no wonder your getting fat. !    How kind.!!  
My patience levels today is not even on the radar...so aggravated, gonna get my business done and go home,possible get myself together 
spotted: damn! R get stomache in her precious holliday. watch out R 
@BridgetsBeaches  dont get it here in australia yet, will it be coming to dvd at all, id love to buy it
@keithdkennedy didnt get it  email me grainne@emeralddiscounts.ie tweeter acting up again  bold child syndrome !
@ddlovato I enter every contest &amp; try everything 2 get to meet yu  noluck not even a twitter reply
hmm life just doesnt get any better 
@CamillaKelly the one about the boy.... what spermination wear???? i don;t get it 
@therhouse I'm sorry you're sick  get well wishes and congrats on the new house!
@sheenadawson can you come get me..it's so nice out 
had to get up early... i gotta go get my cavities filled  i hate going to the dentist
I'm starvinggggg hadn't had a chance 2 get lunch yet 
@ronanofficial really wish i was cuming , couldnt get tickets booooo  xx
@ludajuice Did it hurt like hell? i gotta get mine out too cause I'm now biting a hole in my cheek.  
get me more followers ppl im such a lame 
@MISSCOKASPLASH lol I know I gotta get my bread back up 
you would know lol @Seancon yes and u dont get 200 bucks when ya pass go      
@TFletch81 im on here but I still dont get it 
@SarahPrevette  sorry to hear that get well soon!!
@Abcmsaj ah really? didnt get it 
Waiting to go get some pizza and trying out mafia wars cuba, I have no income 
@edeneavanhanna did u get my message... I have a feeling you did not 
@onlysongzbabii Lol...yeah, gotta pluck the eyebrows n get my nails done too... 
trying to watch fast and furious 4... really cant get into it 
Just found out tonight is a late skate so dont get off til 1 
och high school musical got me all emotional. damn 
@mekkanikal hehe, damn, was supposed to straight to the pool and get enrolled, didnt get a doc to certify me and was busy thru the week! 
i miss watching a cartoon called get ed!  
i want to believe in you, but its getting harder and harder 
then michael had to wake me up by txting me so the ending got cut off  lol
@_writersblock_  I dont know how 2 get in 
going to bed...got to get up early. 
goin to bed gotta get up real early to go back to work...damn my weekend sucks already lol 
@_nicolereyes yaseen took his phone back and i dont have your number so i cant text you and now hes gonna get mad at me 
goodnight world,gotta get up early 
is going to bed!!!! gotta get up early in the morning!!! 
gOin 2bed nOw...gOtta get up early...gettin excite 2graduate..if he didn't fuk up..it be perfect  oOohh well gOt my fam bam 24/7..
im about 2 go upstairs &amp; get my stuff &amp; then bring it downstairs;kinda want 2 go home.... 
@rasco252 hey hun wassup! u 4get about ppl lol 
nightt. ugh gotta get to cycling by 8am tomorrow 
Playing around with the netbook. I gotta get used to these tiny keys 
i just cant get out of this slump 
i am so bored and tired i cant get to sleep 
watchin hsm2 as 4got the sky password  ..
@whataboutadam My sis didnt get hers either 
@fashionvictimx haha i know right, i hate it how no matter what you just cant get warm. my fingers and toes feel like iceblocks 
@xShefSx good luck for when u get to five. its a right bitch  
Someone come get me 
tryin' 2 get 2night off wrk... not goin' well 
@_tanita awh  that doesnt matter! haha. get them anywayyy! 
watchin t.v w8in 4 a dominoes pizza! recoverin a hangover  get bak on it l8r!
@SimChanSR i doubt wat u jus said to christina..... coz i failed in getting wat i really wanted...... 
@nicolestriff awwwww  did ya get to see holly yet? lol
@pLaTiNuM_LaTiNa Mannn I neva get to see you anymore aunte, 
woke up at 730 to get rush tkts for @n2nbroadway....didnt get them...r u kidding me?? im just sad! 
well gotta get ready then im off to work. see ya all at around 6ish. 
Still havent get any food 
offff to seatttle. gotta admit. not tooo excited. 
daddy please get my car fixed by tonight 
@1stladyRetroKid  wahhhhhhhh wahhhh wahhhhh u maken me cry ughhhh lol what time u get off?
im sick  if things couldnt get any worse for me.
@Jonasbrothers why did your youtube get suspended? 
@Crustyfur yeh - only got up to 49 though  tried get them to circle round like they do in real life but it doesn't seem to work 
I'm scared to take a shower I saw the drain n it freaked me out  I feel like IT is gunna get me :'-( http://mypict.me/2P9V
Nine years down the drain because of twitter, i'm gonna get fired for this 
@kevinlove21 i know. we gotta get them back on there!!  #jbyoutubesuspended
a dnt think were gonna get #hateperez in trending topics with only 3 of us 
so i just took my can 2 get fixed now it sounds funny 
dt dav. tattoo shop  watching t get yet another poorly conceived tramp stamp  lol
so stupidly tired. got to go take Molly in 
grabbin a take away and getting off to bed little one not to welll 
but I won't be getting any  cause im going to go get shitface
wish i had my 5guys already - its getting cold 
needs to go get her work out on. And maybe work on her tan too... 
@JLSOfficial my gosh  i soo sosoooooooooooo  wish i could  go tomorrow  butt  get well soon hugs will do  i have bad ear infection 
off to bed, gotta get up at 8!! early early! come home mummy  my brothers bullyin me... niiiiiight xxx i love everyone in the world.
Definately going to bed got so much on my mind 
@greekpeace do u knw @dwprincessmoni? I'm supposed 2 get tix from her n I cnt find her 
The closer were getting there, the more im getting nervousss 
I for got about the mop bucket again...huge overflowage mess 
@sarahbitch8282 yeah, but i doubt we are gonna get it! 
Laying in bed, getting scared by the thunder and lightning. 
I'm gonna get my flu shot today  I'm kinda scared lol
@itsNEESH cuz u low key got connections..so after u make them, that brings us in later..we miss u too!! 
So bummed  got called in to work cause i forgot some shit.
if everyone says that sleep is good, why is it that I can not sleep. I lay down, count bumps in the ceiling, get up, cose a little etc 
well, i'm leaving...going home.......i gotta get myself ready for The A, i dont even know where to begin!!!  i'm tired! lol
@lo_ferrigno we aint get to hang 
@LuckyLobos nite-nite. L8r, tell me where or how 2 get emoji? i dun has nun  
get well soob dad... 
I dont want2get out of bed. But i have2. Its not fair 
this X wont get off my hand for nuthin 
@IvanaE but whatever happens your just gunna get pushed back 
@pcdmelodyt aww  get well soon melcat! we love you so much!
 that's kinda what is stopping me. i on got no money
@epicflailer @smileynic by public transport.  western... i think fish &amp; co's got discount. and so does swensens. ooh coffee club's got
get well soon mom, love you 
i think im gunna get up now 
are you okay? i'm waiting for your message  get well soon baby muaaah
right, plan: watch gossip girl, get dressed &amp;leave. we won't get front tho' 
oooooh no  come back justin! get hannah 
If he doesn't he wnt get promoted 
sif not be online. i miss you already &gt;.&lt; urgh sif get me attached 
get me out of here 
@randomblonde I think Ive got broncitus again! 
@lostinthecolour Aweee sweet. I wanted to go, but couldnt get there 
@xBlueEyes2 . Oh right . I went nuneaton yesterday , but we didnt get anythin for holiday cos we didnt know what i needed . I'm bored  x
Going to go get the disk replaced. If this doesn't work i'll cry 
@marginatasnaily yep in bed,got out for a bit but then couldnt be bothered to get dressed so got back in LOL.hope u dont get gagged again 
better get back to work i suppose.  text me, but i won't text back till 5
is feeling inggit with the faculty get away 
@LorenYxox Aw that sucks  haha bet your stoked 2 get back home!haha xxxxxx
my dad wont get out of the bathroom Grrrrrrr  x x
@7spitta I wish I could head down there 4 good....gotta finish school tho 
get well soon  @matthewhughes
guess that's what the famous get in return for the $ and popularity. still seems wrong to me. still a human being 
watching 8 out of 10 cats, didnt get to see it on friday 
How could this situation get any worse 
When will I get up &amp; get motivated!!?? 
@bogwhoppit didnt get it 
@xcubanphantomx hey I need to talk to u, get at me when u can! 
@socialitenyc I can't w8 to get it. I haven't seen it in stores tho  gotta get it online
get away but scratches me in the proses 
@marknutter @tless : twitterless is not working for me. already following, got no notifications or way to sign in 
@MrPaulEvans i miss u boo  i rly gotta get this phone shit straightened out... 
Starving but too exhausted to go get food.. 
still cant get over how tired i am 
@RobParkes ha ha i was told i was 65 when i first did it  now ive got it down to 19 which im very proud of 
you know what i really hate?  getting sore from sleeping... I need a new bed 
@smpodcast aww poor @laurathompson  get well soon! x
@thisiknow awww not poot zara  get her kitty muzzle?
I don't wana get up at 5 
layin dwn sic  got bac from the hospital
bored.... very bored... very very bored... u get it 
i'm meant to be sleeping as ive got to get up early for double tech as ive got my tech exam in the afternoon, ah no. 
should be cleaning but instead im being lazy.....i'm gonna get bitchd at when she get's home 
feels bad my lovvveerrr is really ill   needs 2 stay in bed but cant  get betta soon baby xxx
;o went paddle boating today . xD ... haha. but didnt get anywhere .. 
@snyderman34 ...o poor shonna...  btw did u get the pix  of the road rash?
@saralovzdrew awww  get the comp fixed up
1 more minute till everything gets deleted  sorry guys 
@ccbandit yes  I had her at jakes moms when I went to ny and haven't been off in anytime to go get her so I'm off now and on my way!
@cutegurlie no getting hairs cut. 
; just gotta get through tomrw.....goota just get by tomrw 
damnit!!! tryna get home for game 2!!! stuck n traffic! 
callin @selenagomez didnt get through 
@selenagomez i tried.... but nope. no get through 
@JohnLloydTaylor It is a special letter I wrote and have not been successful in getting it to them 
wonders if anyone would like to come get rid of the wasp nests on our garage.  I don't feel like getting stung again.  :p
I honestly feel so sick inside.. we have no bond anymore and people you just met are closer than we are.. I gotta get outta here 
@itouchrevr10 damn  didnt get it anyway
darn i forgot that i have to go get those cavities filled 
@funtrap awesome pic  didnt get anything in town though 
@limecello No, hubby's got basketball on. 
great 2 get catered 2 while ur sicker than shit BUT I'd rather not be sick 
@Lajustice1 can I go get me some pozole now...I need to get happy...dodgers lost 
@MTVnHollyWEST23  ive gotten the big   #TWITTER TIMEOUT  twice now..     #fail
@genirodriguez hey geni! dont get mad get glad!! lol yeah just tryin to make ya feel better with whatever it is that made you sad 
going to sleep. leaving for breakaway in the morning so i gotta get up really early. 
tummy hurts  going to bed, gotta get up early. yaayyy band camp.
I hope the plans for sway sway stay the same ive got some funny feeling they r going to change pls no...!!! 
@ak618 ...you but I have church so I won't get there til like 1  I needa get someone else to go get bobbles for me lol
glad boo joint got a J.O.B. finally lol...i have a feeling there are gonna be some conflicting schedules tho. 
Pweaze don't rain until a get back from the sunbed shop 
I don't feel good.  going to bed...gotta be up in 5 hours!
@herfragileface that's awful!!  get better soon:***
@comeagainjen i want 2 c that soooo bad still havent gotten the chance though 
gettin ready to hit the sheets for some ZZzzZZzz's... got to go to class tomorrow 
UGH I need some get rich quick schemes 
~ get SUICIDE !! 
@shaybaby3  babylove get ahold of me. What happened? I loves you
get out from under my bed 
~ get SUICIDE !! 
@amyalicee oh noes  get well soon baby! &lt;3
Going to bed...gotta get up in three hours  ur supposed to sleep in durring the summer...WTF!?!?!
my pod broke down.. gotta get out and fix it  boooo hoooo 
my car wont start, some switch is broken  gotta buy a new one yay -.-
sh*t - bliddy pigeons have found the feeder - the little ones cant get in now 
 nose bleeds are back its been years gonna get it fixed again lol
Its getting worse this storm and it keeps crackling my pc screen  I fear for its health
Off 2 hav sumfink 2 eat b4 i hav 2 leave 2 get the bus..where has the sun gone!? 
Just woke up.... I don't feel like getting up 
@WorldofRusty I'd give you a hug but I dont wanna get too close. You poor thing 
I dont feel so good and have to work all day  a certain someone didnt get back to me 
@Prycie ha yeah, amazing ground! Didnt get to a game  did duck under a security barrier and take my pic like i was being interviewd tho 
@laylabear1 all will be good. get the show outta the way first. now pse concentrate on your work 
ive put up 2 blogs on mileyworld and neither are showing up  im getting on it and gonna try and fix it! sorrrryy
No release form for Uk summit yet  Getting nervy
damn, it's getting late. time i was in bed or i'm not gunna wanna get up for work. 
is starting 2 get seriously jealous... even tho i kno i have no rite 2 be 
Man....its getting hot out....  have to finish mowing the lawn quick
I need breakfast, but I gotta get ready for school! 
@myworkonthenet Its okay. I'm a little worried about my kitten - I drove like 1.5 hrs today to drop her off at the vet 2 get declawed. 
isnt online enuff 2 get it 
morningg, spending this beautiful day inside  gotta get my heal onnn
@dang8  We gotta get you some insurance.
@ShoeGirl21 awwww I'm a get to see lari more! I miss her. 
worried sick.. he appears a bit better, but still has a fever ..  get better buddy. &lt;3
need to be up so early tmr but just cant get to sleep  read more harry potter... flippin heck why didnt i catch on yrs ago!!!
ive put up 2 blogs on mileyworld and neither are showing up  im getting on it and gonna try and fix it! sorrrryy
@ArmyWifeyNY I have an essay to write too  BOOOOOO! I've been slackin though, I gotta get on it!
i have to go get a shot. i hate shots, i'm so scared 
Is wondering if we are going to totally miss getting a storm  not fair if we do I love them
thunder and lightning and its pouring in surrey, i'm gonna get soaked 
oh no the mums put 'im a celeb get me out of her' again........i hate it 
@liketoday was sooo funny ... tried to take pic ... but couldnt get it  made my day though. serisoly lauhed out loud 2myself!
gotta go get Jodypuppy from the vet at 5. they had to cut off his toe because the fatty tumor on it was so massive.  
my tummy  im eating everything in front of me im becoming fat gotta get back on that healthy diet
gotta get back on my 'A' game with school. I found out the hard way that i can't be slacking 
ive put up 2 blogs on mileyworld and neither are showing up  im getting on it and gonna try and fix it! sorrrryy
I guess i cant eat a full large bowl of pho anymore.  got full too quickly
  side tracked.  gotta get my focus right.
i hate hair roots  sumone get me a hairdresser asap!!!!
thinking bout going to sleep soon. cant be assed with college tomorrow but i know i have to cause ive got stuff to finish.. 
@tommcfly oh dear your getting all the haters now  there are some who do like them (like me)!
still doesnt get this crap 
@JLSOfficial came tonight v lastminutelolleft at7didmakeupontrainme&amp; mysister couldntfind leicestersquare didn get tosee you  loveyoutho x
@LMRB yup lol so sad we didnt get to hang  i need to go to another show lol
i want to go get my nails done reary bad  and I want those speakers... and a friend plz
@mswilliamsmusic Awww I hope you both get well soon 
I was intercepted before ieven got down the street 
watching 'paris je t'aime'. got really bad hay fever. 
@Ladyj26 &amp; @Kellyt22 I think mine got lost too! Or maybe we jus arent cool enough to hang out with?  
@samanthaakellyy aww thankss! i miss youu too  we shouldd get togetherrr this summer with everyone!&lt;3
I think I spoke too early...getting cloudy now 
waiting for my advil pm to knock me out super early so i an get up at 5 
ughh these pregnat girls are so sloppy, getting pregnat for a pact, who does that, 
dang it's already june 15  deadlines cooming!  gotta turn in my form asap
@Momsmostwanted I asked hubby to go get me some now and he looked at me like I was an alien. The answer was no.  LOL
I am seriousley craving McDonalds but its too late to go get it 
@POParazziJess I really wanted to go get it at the one in VaHi, but I couldn't get there fast enough...  lol
my tummy is rumbling...gotta get to a potty 
@hollygotigers here! cant get into chat. 
I am in twitterjail....get back to ya later 
About to play tennis! Prolly gonna get beat 
@southernbellex3 lbfl  did u get my other @replies?
its getting bright already? 
@ 12:15p.m. my great grandma'll've been gone 4 2 yrs. this's a very tragic &amp; tryin 2 help my grandma get through this!! i luv &amp; miss her! 
@lynforbes thanks, sugar! I hope so too. @tinker_ramone yes maam. gotta get my skin fixed. I'm fallin apart. 
damn don't u hate when u get a splinter in ur hand or sumthin and its 2 small 2 get out  lol
Is about to go to bed, gotta get up at 7!!  g'night!
@CRJDesigns  hope u get well soon.
@xValCx guud luck val!!! enjoy the hols ahead..ive got 2 more weeks to go 
i really need to be sleeping. gotta get up early in the morning  G'night!
@Rizoy where is here? And dont get me wrong i looooveeee the rain but not when im sick.  
nawwwwwww  ok..get over it now.
#haveyouever seen ur dog get ran over by a van? 
Needs to go get a ultrasound down booooo 
Moms dog keeps having this dry cough..got him water and it's still going 
@MSSME nooo!  im jealous get me outta here lol. n i was gonna come home this weekend but i cant. ehh maybe the 4th .
ughh i think im getting sickk 
noooo shining down got leaked and i missed it 
Today I had to crawl under my table 2 get 2 my chair coz every1 was in the way. I accidentally crawld on a thumbtack. It went into my leg 
@sofisticat awww get better, gtg as other tutor in soon 
@christinaheart wow its getting more expensive everyday 2b an artist 
can't seem to ever get enough sleep 
woke up way too early 2dy  felt 2 hot arnd 9.30, cudnt get bk 2 slp, considering i slept at 4 n had no reason to wake early thats not gud
Should not have googled how hot her chi flat iron gets  370 degrees
I dont think im gonna get a yearbook. 
@kristencrazy  I can't help myself; it's a habit, get like me!
@peteyg284 good mornin see I knew u was gonna 4get 
Just up  gotta study and its nice and sunny out 
@bsrome @mixpix405 I sadly will not be able to partake in the lunch get together  wish i could though guys 
@danmoranfx ya its getting closer but still not a done deal 
I just have to wait untill my mom gets home so she can drive me thier to go get it  I don't think I can wait that long!!!!
I just have to wait untill my mom gets home so she can drive me there to go get it  I don't think I can wait that long!!!!
@tonesa we're tryina find somethin to do 
I just have to wait untill my mom gets home so she can drive me there to go get it  I don't think I can wait that long!!!!
@schmidtultra I can try 2 get there early... usu get home after 6 + need to entertain the doggie so I don't feel bad 4 leaving her again. 
@JoeJGirl2009 im sorry chiica.  get well soon!
@angelzdope why u aint stop by dc to come get  me 
is wondering where he is and what he is up to. cant get hold of him  worrying now.
@janiecwales No, cant get what I want 
Ugh. I'm never gonna get over this cold. 
@olivia_clark the haven't announced anyone in a few days  yeah, well sophie got some! have you? xx
i want lines vines and trying times but i cant get it..  maybe if i beg my mom enough illl get it! @jonasbrothers congrats on the new cd!
@Daveeesh awww get some rest  &lt;3
@ewffan your welcome! And that sucks that it won't show up on ur sidekick   get to a comp quick! Lol
@GauraaRooney  chillax womenn hahahha . barney's getting really niceer! or else robin&amp;ted! impossible thoo 
How do I talk my mom into letting her get my nose pierced? ughhh 
About to go get four cavities filled. FOUR! I've never had one before and I'm REALLY really nervous 
@HarlemChinadoll just like starbucks  the starbuck next to my job see me n already know what I want lol I just pay get my crack n leave
@creepymolester aw vee  i had no way to come get you i'm sorry.. i'll make it up to you before you go back to the moon
there's a fly who gets on my nerves ...ahhh 
wondering when I'm gonna get over this cold 
@nickgnezda damn tht means i'm gonna get yet soon 
So boring today someone get of out of here its like so dead And so humid here    
ar mate ive got no chance of winning that topshop competition now  booo.
broooke, try calling my phone :| i think its broken  &amp;&amp; get on gaia ;D
Stress is crazy, Ive got four grey hairs and im only 19 yrs old. 
@Officialdskills u get me on ur 10 O clock twitts but ii never catch em 
soccer tonight. get to drive all by myself to millet. and probably get lost 
@foodbymark sad times  bring on tomorrow! the earlier i go to bed the earlier i get up/get gaming. ha
@amysav83 i'm off to bed got to be up at 6 
Rough basketball game tonight..gotta get used to the post position!  http://bit.ly/gGyik
Contact ripped, i'm blind, getting butt kicked again 
@RagDollRenee no  i need to go get it sooo bad. but i don't want to ask my mom to take me haha
@Drfeelgood2fly  tear...get well soon...it's probably from partying too much!!
@razedinwhite I still cant get it to minimise into an icon in the task bar 
i dont wanna get off the computer  what if i get back on and i have no more internet! eeek!
Ugh I can't believe this... I'm letting this get to me again!!! 
Sounds like you're over the worst of it, but please get better @stefanbrogren you were in such pain this morning 
@crzyxazn i'm gonna get rocked by this algebra final 
give up, get down 
i just dont get it, you try and try but  maybe am just a idiot for thinking that
@chrisbosh why can't i get a shoutout 
@brandyecupcakes me too  ive been watching im a celebrity get me out of here
wow! just took the longest nap in the world!... cant get over how tired i feel now.. 
@Knightron  as usual i didnt get to see u...hope ur flite is well...
efff why does it feel like i just cant get feeling better 
My legs are gonna get waxed while I'm sleeping  
@robdyrdek Wow. I just watched a whale get shot down.... Wow 
@eric_estrada you were supposed to come get me so we could go 
So bummed that @Emmmmm11cant get on tonight.  I miss you already and the rps were getting so good 
@sexymexi18 o shit, i rented that n didnt get to watch it!  is it good??
@omgELiiZABETH LOL not even  @bofeng The questions all of a sudden got harder! Wtf is #22 &amp; 23?!
So bummed that @Emmmmm11 cant get on tonight. I miss you already and the rps were getting so good 
broke bitche$ get caught trying to jack my shit...-that killed it 
@Casieekidd im sorryyyyy  ive got so much on my mind atm
good night yall. i have to go to work  but tonight was funny as all get out. I wish yall could have heard and partaken in the madness.
I so want a SLURPEE right now. How could I convince pc to let me go get one ?! 
my stomach has been hurting since morning. going get ready to go down for shoot now 
i guess we didnt get a midnight release for the iphone 3.0 
just been for a jog. it wasn't pleasant. this getting fit malarky is going to be harder than i thought 
these sites get on my nerves it said come back at 9...its now 10 and i still cant get on it 
i think im getting worse 
@thebluefrog The got me through the yellow bird Twti!! 
@BadgirlKC not as much as we miss you  have u been rapping things up?? sure hope so! get it together and then get ur butt out here!
back from running. gotta go get something to eat after I shower. And find time to start packing 
@ImajicArt cut my fingers about 10 times today - just couldnt get enough blood out   finally did it - phew!
Really?! our floor better get fixed soon, or I litterally don't know what to do other than cry.. so far its been a nightmare 
@turab235 now every one got confused...? reviews are okay okay... 
at the clinic getting my tb shot and hepititis shot  grrrr
I so hate getting up early! 
back to work  at least they give me that money stuff. whats the deal tonight? can we pwease get fucked up?
@ben_simpson working  best get back to it actually... will text  x x enjoy your afternoon lovely x x
@birssy Nothing exciting 4 me  Just had a phone call 2 say my contact lenses r ready 2 collect..thats as exciting as its going 2 get 4 me
@GlastoWatch didnt get to see a single band, was to busy  was a good warm up festival tho
feeling really sad has ive got to go to work now 
just read my horoscope n it told me if I rush today id 4get sumthin n b l8....it was rite  womp womp
@meetdux, see swapping my translated phrase, and I checked before I sent, didn't quite get what I originally wanted, but close 
plus i'm going out tonight and i'm gonna get wet 
Ugh! what a yucky day. i didnt wanna get up  gotta go do laundry later
@Breezyroo nope i didnt get to see steph at all, closest i came was seeing her bus pull in.  didnt get to see her   but loved paul's chest
On my way 2 walmart 2 get LVTT...yea i dont own a copy yet...so sad 
@yungkickz we may be duped though.....i still cant get it.  ?  
@purplelime I still cant get connected 
@DonnieWahlberg I guess I better get some TWUG's because I will never get a hug in person 
@jacalynrose  you just cant get so nervous about it
@kevagreer http://twitpic.com/7n88t - keva get that down 
@ddlovato i wish i coould.  hopefully ill get to go to one of your shows though! good luck!
workin it up! get out at 9 
@fallenwiccan jumping soon though, but not unbundled so dont get good deals  need to move to civilisation really
but muuuuuum i don't waaaaaana get out of beeeeeed. 
@daniesque i want a vintage bike!  where u get em?
@herbadmother it's really hard for them isn't it?  We've all been there.  I hate it when mine get left out too. 
@loochh yes! so awesome! i wanted to post the pic i took but never got to! so sorry u culdnt get in 2 d show  http://www.twitpic.com/7mtht
@cheraustin lol bol okkk get the burger  lol I'm flaking tonight feeling like you yesterDAY just upset with life kinda
@STUDLEYcole hold on..ill get on. and no im down 
i so want go on xbox live i have left my controll pads at me m8s house  going have get them tomoz
really wishes she could not be stalked anymore. getting old! 
hey guys feelin kinda down today...didnt get the job i was hoping for 
@jml6 working tmw    get off at 9:30.  poo
 but eatting popcorn so its getting better
get me out of here 
@WMSPhotography Ppsshhh!!! you know ima get back on point after wards or else you won't shoot with me 
off 2 bed got 2 b up 2 go 2 the docs about my chest ugh!!! 
@iheartralph415 i live like 3 blocks down from where that ishh was!  &amp; i had went 2 go get my eyebrows done cus idk it was serious lol
@rohant hahah at least you did 7.5 I might turn back after 3  maybe 3.5 if you &amp; @BridalGlam push me as in literally roll me on the ground
ok I'll be back around 12:30 gotta leave and head to Hville    I'll b back bham!!
get well soon my demitra. i miss you 
Ugh, gotta get up @ 5 to study...I guess I should go to sleep then? 
Relaxing after a workout and fixin 2 get ready 4 work 
going to bed ! gotta get up early tomorrow for my doctors appointment for my shoulder ! eeek find out what day my surgery will be on 
haha who knows sam? Going to bed shouldve gone to sleep early practice tommorow at 7:30 gotta get up at 6 
Reading breaking dawn. its getting goood..... and it's ending  don`t end boook don`t endddd!!!!! D:
My kitty goes and gets neutered at 9 in the morning... That means I gotta get up  lol
I would like a milkshake, but I can't drive to go get one  This is when not being single would come in handy!
is so ashamed for getting this drunk 
Wish I could go on skype...too afraid ill get caught 
i think bwian got me sickieeee 
I hope david bain doesnt get u 
@LybraSun no not @ all. lmao i  was about to get up, get dressed and go  catch the end of this band's show  i was carrying though lol
http://twitpic.com/7oytm - This is @sameergupta after accident  get well soon buddy!
going to bed..gotta get up in what... 5 hrs to go to work.. myah 
is helping liz pack and watching her get ready to move  tear....
@sameergupta sad to know about your accident..  get well soon. (via @mayank)
@rhyannaalyne :o get a sound proof bunk  ahahaha.  dumb brothers.
There is a HUGE cockaroach in my closet and I don't know where it went. I'm never gonna get to sleep tonight. 
morning twitters! gotta go get ready and post my letter off then wait and see how many points i get for speeding 
going to bed...gotta get up for work in the am 
All funerals upset me...I feel for all those grieving...hes arrived, bless him,  I hope they all get through it as well as they can 
@gillietice I'm guessing I'll get the same, but since it's still purple and swollen and I can't wear shoes 10 wk later...gotta make sure. 
still does not know what to have my mom get me as pasalubong 
@prichmond14 I know but I want it now  I feel like a kid asking when I'm gonna get that new toy lol
@Joeballtshirts Yea, thanks! Getting some gray in there though! 
@AstroBoyCLASSIC nthn.. bout 2 get on this hw.. 
@JOEsus haha I still havent got my license 
why does he keep doing this to me? one second he seems better, the next he's sick again  baby get well please 
@souljaboytellem agreeed! if youve got the jet use it! delays suck! 
@nickjonas helloooo nick, I looove send you messages ! but you don't replay to me... 
@shanedawson I might get sprint I'm so sad cause I was gonna get an I phone 
@NovarroNate thats what happens when u get sunburned 
@jordanknight not me would love to but don't think I can afford it  unless my foot get better get a job. Or win the lotto sorry  x x
just got back... get about a 30 minute napp then its off to bball.. 
@1indienation  Didnt get a chance to say bye before i left 
@_elliee ok  let me just go get my piles of money, i'll be right over ;) i wish everything was free  xo
About 2 get off work then go 2 see my cousins b4 they go bak 2 florida 2morow 
@slybeer I have never had anyone get my #threadless 'pipe' tee. I'm forever explaining it  I think it's hilarious!
@philthegod http://twitpic.com/7qm0l - *sigh* I won't ever get to be apart of it!  lol
@marginatasnaily Wow, getting so envious of allof u! He hooped off stage beside me and I froze- too shy to touch so he never noticed me 
@chynnashley yeah ill get used to it. and steal all your followers  i have 7 
so sad I had to take my bellybutton ring off  got infected!
1$ off your next purchase @ baskin robins :/ whatever happened to &quot; get a free ice-cream, every friday&quot; or sumthin 
lol @buyselldomains but unfortunately it is true  i get more attention from my dogs and their iq aint all that big... at least they listen
@DemSlackers i still havent got a decent score 
@lovinthebeats aww I'm sorry  we might just have to go get some! Lol
Watching Never mind the buzzcocks, so funny! getting tired! 
@symphnysldr aww  i hope you feel better dude. get some rest before and after y'all's set okay? 
I'm gonna get 3 shots right now 
get my program to read the ini file 
@RonanConway nice nailed it!! they almost thought they were gonna get back together too 
i really gotta get a new phone 
@breanne19 @natalieeie @kdegandi i work the 4th of july and dont know how ill get it off 
Trying 2 get dis to work 
@lorfna: But my actual favorite got eliminated. I adored her! 
Thinking about her getting operated on... 
...and now ive got ten moreee 
 didnt get to go get my tat...there is alwayz 2morrow!
@BatiFans i should watch it if he's there! i forget when they come to perth, got paddock tix last yr but couldn't go 
i DO hate to think that some kid might get up 2morrow looking for their kitten and they won't find it 
most definatly gonna get homesick 
just ate at fukada... so late... so full  gotta go to the gym later for sure!
@LBoogie1986 how is the twitterberry??? i think i'ma get the storm but i'm scared 
ughhh cant get to sleep 
@haleywhosmiles dont get shot! 
So tired, but suppose I better get up 
Signing in from leave,  Time grows short. maybe get to have another tour of somewhere other than the box.
@rosi29 no i'm not.  that's mean. get online!!!!
Up late talking on the phone, knowing i gotta get my ass up for workouts in the morning. 
got news about the mentoring program, we didnt get it....  they said we were not up and running long enough!!!!!
its raining again. well, i better get used to it 
still not feeling good    getting tonsils out soon 
@AnimeDisneyLove dnt get sooo confued.... i jus msgd u on yahoo ystrdy and 2 days back but bth d tyms u didnt reply.... 
@ForsakenDAemon kinda too late for me now to get ready an get a train up there 
@Jamesashton20 just stressed out, need to do a redo 2 assignments, and do anothe pass as have lost it somewhere  all got 2 b done by 4pm
@yanniestar imma miss u!  drive safe &amp; let me know when u get there!
@ciaranokeeffe oo yes, I got that one  got stuck at 21/50 
@AbbeyMatibag aigoo  you better get rest. get off the comp now! ;;
doesnt want 2 get outta bed, but needs 2 get ready 2 go work 
says that she is still sooo tired. argh got tuition later 
I've gotta get out of this place, on course for self destruct 
going to go make a coffee. i think im getting a cold again 
@ricapot so so so so so so so so so so sad  we cant get the #1 spot back!
@DanB2666 I didn't realise there was any difference. I know the Japanese get top notch stuff we never see 
@ryjameschrist fail for you! I was gonna get m and s but they don't have my cookie in  I will just eat my assorted nuts haha
I hope I didn't forget anyone, if I did I am really sorry  but I that is my #followfriday so far for the week...so get following!
@FunkyChunks  I dont think im ever gonna get mine done  
@yaeljk one more tonite...m&amp;g too.  i gotta get at them all big tonite...my last show  
@WeAreMarketing the shoot went so fast &amp; the shoot assistant had my phone so I was only able 2 get pics of outfit 1 and 4 
@SilkeG oh nothing special..got the same news as in march  my examinations are good..get my reportcard on the 09/07/2009
@markdrew argh... got me on that one  http://myloc.me/4txI
#inaperfectworld I would not be twittering right now, because I was too busy getting laid. 
why are tests soo hard im soo gonna get a back mark 
@haylenothaley i'm seriously about to go get them since scotty broke my pencil 
@KDtwtr im so jealous i want to see it! Its taping, dont get the channel here  getting a Mcds too hehe 
nooooooo couldnt get the tickets for jonas brothers in wembly 
@ItsDivaBaby I think imma get a haircut and just relax in the crib I gotta get up early and drop my car off to get it worked on 
@ruby2466  they bettter! this is the last concert ima get to go to unless some cool ass dcfan buys my ticket for now on. ive got my rent
aww eric is leaving  it was nice getting to see him again though
I had enough of harmless flirting, got tired of childish drinking, but I'm still not over you. 
http://twitpic.com/7tpak - To tight cant get out of this stupid thing! 
@alyssax that's crazy  get better!!
id go but i got the shorty and still havent gotten out of bed 
How ever strong u make urself it hurts to realize that u cant get what u want even if there is a way to get it 
u cnt get wat u want until you wait  x ly bunmi thank u x
@jessicatebeest ya never got back to me after you go done eating whore! plus my phone died  let's get wet in this park on humboldt
wow, going to be so late if duncan doesnt get here sooooon. 
gutted couldnt get into watch the band because we didnt have the new marina passes,never needed them before 
and it minimizes photoshop. its getting annoyyyyinnggg 
Morning...I don't wana get up 
bout 2 get ths party strted. lost my to do list, so I guess i wont get 2 do it ! 
Out and about wish I could have stayed longer with @ebzworldwide @lisetterosalie  @0re0co0kie llamame when u get outta work...
@AVJaysonAV sikk i want one of those boxes were i can put tuber in, gotta get partener first 
bored!!!! ugh  gotta find somethin to do
#dontyouhate how twipo keep talkin to celeb's they aint gon get a answer back from? i feel sorry for them tweeple  leave the celebs alone
@KRYSIECENT yeah that was an us together thing  I gotta get my paper right so I can travel more or maybe the man who made me change all
crazzzy storm! And its only gonna get worse 
its so hot outside. got the air on. got a headache again.  where is my boo?
unfortunately i gotz to gooooooo..gotta jet 
at the hospital, got called out 
@KLHINGLEY  ahh only just found this tweet ! my hard drive is screwed  gotta buy a new one. not pleased!!
@briaa my baby threw up tonight   get better.
@peeege did u get it?? I can't get texts 
im bout to go to bed gotta get up at 3 am 
i kinda just wanna get out of the house, damian's not even here. 
skipped the drag races tonight  jimmy &amp; i are going to hit the gym. gotta get the old man in shape!
With bobby uhh  get me outtah here
@jaasiel I thought about it, but I don't feel like getting dressed 
i love jurassic park. i hate tweeting from my BBerry  cant get the hang of it!!!
Omgggg now pacsun has a buy one get one free swimwear 
@turtlebond it is really good, plus its all we're gunna get unfortunately 
figuring this carp out....got to go to work soon.... 
@AngelaSommers Cant get the chat applet to work for me. 
better get ready to go to work.. 
dis kid gets too me soo badly 
@iAmSharde ahh mann   hope ya get better soon friend! i'm up packing...but i'm tired! about to go to sleep i guess...i'll call
Going 2 bed excited that i get my bed 2 myself. But i do miss my monster need 2 get used 2 her going 2 her dads...sigh 
Why am I letting this get to me so bad? 
just watching robert pattinson get hit my a cab awww poor rob 
@c_darr41091 i'd rather have it at someplace like loco's. i'm pretty sure we're not allowed to have get-togethers at each other's places. 
@followNICHELLE noooo!!! go get itttttt!!! 
why do i still care? i should be happy with my life right now (and i am dont get me wrong) but i still feel hurt and a lil broken 
@melissacastrooo if u feel naceous, please get off of me because the throw up is going to end up on my face 
waaaah i dont wanna get up  my poor bed misses me when i go
lesson learnt...... dont get too cocky 
Wish i had clapper lights...i dont wanna get up to turn the light off 
@vivaciousciel burnt my upper legs with hot water!  didnt get home til 5am &amp; now im kinda wrapped up. still tingles but they gave me meds
still tiered and cant get back to sleep  think im getting the cold 
had my fingers crossed for getting http://bit.ly/DBHCa  featured on the impulsive buy 
#@!~ get ready for d new semester??? sigh... going back to campus tomorrow..  #fb
why can't i get over him 
@kerryjor well you better get over him since he's flat out on the asphalt in the new series  have given up on vegas w/o warrick &amp; grissom
Just got at my house, I still wanna get with that one guy plzzz 
I do hate work  really wanna get home early then head to holy
@Snuffel83 yes, as chloe says get well snuffel!! i had to clean up 
@TMTOHD thats a shame u didnt get 7hours sleep. 
is about to cry... i have tonsillitis, again... it hurts and i gotta get them taken out... 
about to get in the shower. get dress. &amp;&amp; get the day started. it's gonna be hot today. 
@sexybbwlily Didnt get them yet. 
we didnt get to eat durian 
@gregjames lucky thing, didnt get ticket  xxx
@RuggedCwby  &lt;making me sad&gt; ....he drinks bud..in cans. he likes the new 'ale' they have out..maybe ill get that
@YellowHail shup it will be (: x please get skype! if you loved me you'd get it  xxx
i wanna go get a tattoo  i cant decide where to put it BLEH!
@itsLissa aww  get a function drink! They work pretty well.
my dad wont let my mom come get me  jerk! i want to go to sa... but not bad enough to take the bus
@LoJarrad i've not seen it either. terrible. and i dont think im gonna get the chance till after i move! 
@CntrySigns They've got it locked in a truck so i probably can't go get it 
@hanky_x youll get that! and thankss... haha, i need to do as and a2 general studies, so its too much. i have to stick with german! 
@alexaa_x3 awh lex  i love youuuuuu! if i could drive i would totally come get you. we really do (((
I have just read the paper and i just dont get katie price. Its all so sad. 
its been three days since the auditions and i still didnt get that role this sucks!!!!!!!!!!  iam very sad
readin old magazines... i really need 2 get a new one but there arent any.... 
sad  get well demi *prays for the stength u need*@ddlovato
Outside getting my tan on. It's so humid 
my mom  wont get my a lollipop penis 
was outside 4 like 4 hrs tryin 2 get a tan. but its not a very noticable difference 
headfones broke     gots ta get rid of this gum
@ddlovato i have a real bad throat too  it's from screaming too much @ wembley on monday. get better soon!
@tweetieelovee ill try and get yahoo it always makes my laptop slow  how r u doing? did u get anything while shoppin
@SteveHarvin i havent seen u on here...and i think ima get fired 
@MissErikaT i think imma get fired too....attendance  and ikr i be tryin to be on here but i just dont be havin shit to tweet
@kizmetbaby llol not yet.. gonna be at least another few yrs before that. gotta get a job first tho 
this nigga really left stranded in chick fil a  someone come get me
@jesslynnwhite sorry i didnt get too see you for long today!!  my need for sleep made me so late 
@tomoka0013 That sounds like a great deal! I have plenty of hd tho, just no easy way to install software &amp; get files from dvd to netbook. 
@tommcfly awwww tom  get her back and steal her pillow!!
relaxing....cant get rid of this killer headache 
ok i stillll dont get  it 
@Patrickray510 getting my hurr done at clan isn't the same without you 
i just watched a little kid get hit for no reason.  freakin stupid.
Going 2 try 2 get some sleep. It's doubtful I will b/c I have so much weighing on my mind. 
@VIPeekCook  I didn't  I backed off gave him room then didnt get a pic with him cuz of it! he did come to me first tho
12:30 1 1:30 get 1 &quot;coo&quot; from the clock 
@acm920 awe.  get u sum no dose.
who woulda thot... me and jennie get back together? no way. haha. i guess im stuck? fuck me. 
@mareyachristina :O he shaved it already?  i was gonna get him a mustache comb.
 boring nite...damn I guess I better get use to this
@stateofjoe omg, I hope it ain't THE flu.  get well soon joe! 
my hip hurts  damn tattoo. gonna get colors added to it next month.maybe bed who knows.
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/101r1x
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/dvwAd
@mandaa_boo wanna kick w/ rich  he is toooo attached, u gottta switch things around b4 u get tired of it and dump him yo.. like seriously
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/kxnGP
ALMOST 3 am hubby still at hospital they just gave another shot, if cant get obstruction out, they will go in with scope in the morn. 
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/40Rsb
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/i4g5q
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/rmjt2
@jonathanrknight heard Auzzie was cnceled  -news dsnt travel fast in canada lol. That sux but u'll be able 2 get ... http://bit.ly/ktY9U
Jusst Wokeup Didnttt get much sleep all thee girliees have gnee nw  x
so cold,,got up at 7:30 this morning,dont know why but couldnt get back to sleep lol  x
Is so tired can barley lift my arms im so drained eaten lots of sweets to try an get a sugar rush , nervous about tonight 
accepting some1 dat is already gone is easy but forgetting him, is not....    *so much drama, get over angel*
very dissapointed that extreme didnt get through to nationals. we tried so hard 
@SharonHayes You're gonna get me crying of love lost 
@WillSmith95 The other one got like a virus 
@xxlucyh didnt get to watch masterchef either  cos i went out to dinner. and now i have to massive pd.
is alone at school with her luggage  somebody get here quick.
@LIKLEP u grumbled at me as in 2 say get off my line  ...im sorry
@DannyKing2 that's gotta be a huge scam though 
@ChantizzleBitch  the tickets are buy one get one free now
feeling so bloody tired plus foot is aching too  I think imma get some painkillers.
went for a ride. couldnt find arlene fuchs katz. 
My 2nd shift person better fucking get here soon. I have a chiropractor appt. at 4 &amp; if I have to cancel it I'll be pissed. &amp; out $20. 
@jeniwilliams i wish i would of known a couple weeks ago. you guys could have used all our stuff until adam and rhyan get hitched 
soooo tired but just cant get to sleep 
@araia1906 no! didnt get a chance to eat at charlie palmers  hopefully on the next trip
I think im getting shorter... 
@DAGOJACKET drivin' all ovah the place when i jus wanna get home already... 
@JernEye phone got stolen early sunday morning at the club... all bad!    sowwyy.. sucks, huh? so im starting over, gotta get #s, etc.
; watching im a celebrity get me out of here! holly got voted off 
hey everybody im so sad getting ready to leave tm feel like i jst got here 
feeling shitty  jus want 2 get away on my holiday to tenerife now.
@ksybell Was just going to ask how you were doing.   What's got you down?
say at my computer cant get no sleep 
@Aquiescentlight dont know y u cant get it 2 work 
get my car tonight.  damn my lack of licence tho 
not a happy camper, I'm pissed off and annoyed  someone come get a slurpee with me.
how drunk can a skunk get? im just hung over 
@numberfortyfour oh my  get well soon! *sends healthy vibes*
I am hating the rain right about now...when will it ever end...can we please get SOME kinda summer... 
@danielle12j1 i cant.. havnt got it no more!! 
Now under mom's bed cuz charger can only reach here n lite can b kept. but not clickin sound  ok. better give up now n get back in bed.
@KFresh14 i dnt think we gonna get it  we're down by like 600 now. but we can still party without it lol
@lolitaware dont get too used to it -- the clouds are back 
@plainbananas lucky you... i went to go get it tonight and it was out. 
@trackle Even if you do give away two iphones, I probably wont get one, will I?   #trackle
ooo i just wanna give ivanovic a big hug she looks knackered and cant get off court 
really, y did my gma get me an application for catos? I dont want to work!!! 
@FUCKSandraRose oh snapp lol thank you. can't wait to her ass get on .. but real talk her pic making me wanna throw up 
bummed my son didnt get to go 2 universal studios...Hes really sick 
just got back from hospital...get well aunt 
i'm a celebrity, get me out of here. i didn't want sanjaya to go  ahah i'm so lame.
@mrgomab well.`u are going 2 miss the fireworks mister!!  but its 0k.. if u come here.. we'll throw a party.. u gotta get here first
get up early tomorros  i don't like ;((((
bummed about taking back sunday cancelling tonight  get better + get back soon
Why does this gotta happen to us? 
i really do think i have diabetes. i want to go get checked... 
i really want icecream but i dont want to go get it  lmao this is where having my personal minions would be so awesome..
my feet hurt  a long day @ work will do that... gotta get up early &amp; do it again
@threehundredfps yeah that gurl of urs is incredible  it makes me sad that we dont all get to hang out (really it does. a lot.)
Going to sleep gotta wake up @5:00 to go drop my parents off to lax  for their vacation
@carinamurrell no my tweet didnt get on the show  im trying again tomorrow ahahahhaah!
have to go in  getting ready now
@highheelFIEND we aint get the chance to talk though.. 
i still cant get over you. but you did 
oh my goshhh; get me some water someone?! i'm dying.  
would love to re-live my highschool grad assembly. and those last 2 days. never been so happy. i get  (the good sad) when i think of it
@minniemousee you having a fever?  get well soon!
I don;'t get why like, no one follows me  why can't lily allen or one of those peeps follow me!
@michellegazzana sarah didnt get the photo of you printed 
cant get a decent picture on here...cant get it to crop right  i'll try again later.
@mimzkie mima how was it? sorry didnt get to support  fell asleep..
@jesskarrr naw thanks, nawww that's no good  getting close to end of term, shit happens 
@planetbeing pls help!!  pictures dont get saved on camera roll. can you pls help?
Right best get back to work 
Dreading my net getting cut off. 
I've got the get up and go to work blues 
@bbrathwaite hahaha! good thinking! I got the exercise but portion sizes get me in trouble. I workout, get hungrier, eat more. 
@countjackula what's wrong??  get better *cuddles**
@lorihooood i knowwww me too! :| oh dearrrr. these holidays best get better aswell 
@digistarr no good sister.  what's going onnnn? get some coffee.
up .. gotta get ready to go to this stupid schoool. 
My hamster's getting old :'( he's skinny and dazed. don't think he's gonna be around much longer. 
Up .. Boutta go get my lil cousin frum school real fast !! so tired and my legs and neck still hurrt 
will any of this get better 
Just tryna get inspired thats all 
@jprice swing thru htwn &amp; get me 1st 
@katehughes he has been like that for some time! there is also the paxman ! dont get me started 
Yes Manech...you stink of fish...get over it 
@lesley007  i just cant get enough lol ;)
cloudy inside, sunny outside. get the fuck out jix!!1 
AEM intakes are so sexy  get yours now 01614948343
@dwpoker we should!!  let's get t-shirts to make it offical.    haha!
@befuddle ull get used to it and u will even think its too small..ive got 46 inch for a while and cant stop thinking to buy a bigger one 
@bitchville you'll get it done, they don't call them &quot;all-nighters&quot; for no reason. get to it 
@MussoMitchel haha cool! u r so lucky u get to work for disney 
@MissBridge you should miss the A...bring your new found celebrity back...we're sitting at the bar bored as hell...lol. 
@ramblelite i got everyone noaw yo. simm's got his cat. tennant's got his sonic screwdriver. we're on our way to umm torchwood five? 
just saw 17 again! it was awesome. u better get out and see it 
http://twitpic.com/3i5ir - @jemstarmusic is such a superstar  get it!
up way to late, got to get up early for work! going to be a nice day 2marrow, hope 2 get off early 2 play w/ kiddo's 
you go grrl! i love you secret loverrr. get some! yo what it is, what it is?!  @taylorclegg
@mrspistols well it's very tempting ... gotta lose weight first 
back from pilates - feeling very virtuous for getting up early on a saturday and going   now to relax!
@BeckyBuckwild u get sore throats from doing crap I don't want to sayy 
bout 2 get a quick 2K9 game in b4 chilln wit my boo! 
iight lemme eat nd get dressed 2 impress.! gotta turn heads nd break necks 2day 
@Elisajaycott Heyyy thanks dude  still tryin 2 get the hand of it lol - but its really coool 
How did everyone get insta-tanned? I'm perma-pale 
@4everbrandy mayb get some lessons b4 summer n make her smile 
wow, carpet cleaning is loud! got a good deal though 
@kimboleigh lmfao get up and make it yaself 
is chillin out on the comp but will be going to bed soon as its getting very late lol!! 
I'm taking a practise driving test   All of my friends have their L's so i may aswell get mine too...
@qatesiuradewyo not being negative at all - honesty is ok!  hope your MODPP's get home safely
We at destiny we can get some get tickets !! 
Nights n I love you's she still doesn't wana get off...ahh she's too cute  I love her
@myfriendamy get some good rest  #readathon
@mariee_ i knw dat ull get it  a feelin LoL
@JonathanRKnight damn you made me hungry! thanks for doing the spring tour it was fantastic. get some rest feel better! u r amazing 
@andydick im glad your getting better and trying stay to sober 
get well soon, dear 
I wasss suppose to be sleepin cause I didn't go out my badd gotta get snugglies 
@kadeholloway come get some flyers. 
@agalea but they look cool! I think im getting the hang of this aidan 
get used to it sister 
@get2vil that sounds pretty cool ye Sounds expensive thou 
@whatsername2 i'll do my best! if our tute isnt there we'll probably all go to hand in our essays and then ill get them to hang at vegep 
How did coffee get to be so good and stay legal? 
@ComedyQueen go on get them out  i am more than happy to sign the divorce papers mwhahaha  oj cant let u get away that easy 
@paultelner I bet it was did you by chance get it on film? the best moments are always missed heh 
@dancebabydance awhh have fun! ....trust me london will be awesome when u get there.. ...its not even that rainy now :O more sunny! 
@leeshbeesh i'm training but anyway your mom isn't here tell ash i said feel better &amp; get a twitter 
get back and dont forget by @ddlovato. woohoo 
let's get these guys up to 5000! @joepolitics @jimmymarsh617 @nellypt and also help out @gvalentinoball 
@jordanrocksawks thats good   get anything good??
@diana_music aww get well soon diana  x enjoy being creative LOL  x
@shaundiviney SHAUNN dudeee get your ass to perth  x
Feels that good 2 get all my bitchin out of the way - makes me C what little I have 2 complain about 
@shiraabel I see  you twisted their arm into going with your apprach - u get 100% for persuasion.
el pidgin no em deixava afegir segons quins amics. apt-get source, fix i avall  free software rules!
@rmilana that guy is so cute... no way i am gonna get it from him... let him enjoy it 
@ShystieUK my crackberry doesnt get along with the twitterberry 
is back from vacation! Now lets get this paper right! 
@CoreyCharette 1 &amp; 2, of the new ones. I'm gonna get started tonight 
@karenclaunch Doing all right. I'm not letting the sniffles and my man voice get me down!  Tons of work to do! How goes it for you?
@janeybelle15 to nice outside to be inside doing paperwork  get out in the sun lol
going to bed gotta get up early going to the aquarium 
@susieng hahaha niceeeeee i like that lol!  get your license sooooooon!
@SableMichelle awwww well u got me! lol 
@Toddness let's go get some one day!! 
melbbourne for netty again- wish me luck  get to see the jenmiester lol!
Yees, state tax refund get! 
@DWsCoverGirl1 so goodknight, ttyt..u better get urself to bed soon too..so we can be ready 4it again 2mrw  tweetdreamz xoxo
@MarketWelby we sent everything out  a few times please get in touch with the team not to worry we will take care of you 
@danbjorn I've seen that too. Not too sure how got it is for the signal, paint just doesn't seem reflective enough 
sudo apt-get install #couchdb just for the fun 
@youngandfoodish getting serious now  while we're at it, Benares and maze.
@mjwells at your desk?! at your desk?! ridiculous. get yourself out to play in the sunshine - you'll feel better for it. nag, nag, nag 
finally feeling a little better... maybe it the presence of jon dempsey... he's like an amazing get well drug... 
@jasonaball - i totally agree, get on it ladies! 
@SilknPearls Thank you for recommending @TheTommyV . I love him! He's funny as all get out!  You are always right! 
tummy full  got that itis......
@Idreamjordan aw, that's sweet! The chances were so slim...just gotta get the fightin attitude and get that! 
@pepperlive...ive got some good cheesy pick up lines  &quot;if you were a booger i'd pick you first&quot;  HAAHHAHAHHA!!!! you have to laugh 
@carlingruse lol i wish, come get me. no, don't. i don't want you to die 
@giographix go get your caffiene  i'm gonna hit the sack.. hard! LOL
http://tweetergetter.com/AlexbananJOE get 1000 of users? i hope it works 
Moff to go get drunk in a limo at about 5 
@rahulgilani that's cool dodge is right down the block  get on it!
mastermind membership website coaching opens 5-5-09 get a sneak preview here http://mastermind.bestnettool.com learn how to make your own 
@ddlovato  .. hahah  even stars get starstruck, right? 
juS gt my hair done. bout ta get some food. 
@monkeyyjunkie with what swine flu???? hahaha jkjk. get well soooonn 
@seejamierun i may hurry &amp; get ready &amp; get out...need 2 grocery shop but cant decide if i want 2 brave it on a saturday 
@gx_saurav oye! get registered @having (foodfeed.us) quickly 
Aiight yall I'm a get this workout in and then run some errands ....I'll holla at yall later - be good! 
Realizing that a house full of kids is tiring.... gotta get used to this! 
@ShellyDazzler wow that look demon!!! i'm gonna get on the case tomoz, cheers 
If he's this slow at getting the bill, then how will he be in bed. HAHA 
@regent_lord  If it's alright, I would very much like to help with the next get-together! 
I'm off to my mum and dad's to read their paper, get fed and bludge off them in general 
@gregorylent yep. get as far away from the cycle of electronics. especially in bedroom... 
is off shopping in a bit  get my after prom party dress
@judez_xo don't  just curious, how'd u get that?
@SEXONWHEELS u lcky girl, how on earth did u get rusty to follow ya?! tell me ur secret  x
@tytryone good  u still missin yr daughter? when are u gonna get to see her? soon I hope
@andyclemmensen excactly, so you should tell us now  lol or can we atleast get a clue??
i'll give her a number to call, 1800 get over it 
Still, it is definitely worth getting one! 
@littlebree haha yeh i'l get em tomoz. 
@makefate oh, i know.  but at least they made it work for everyone.  lists help me and i like seeing the list get smaller and smaller.  
Goodmorningg...going get dressed to go too my grandmas. 
@ so come get some  there's a little left and it's yummy!
@MeeMeeMatchstic dont be mad get glad! ily.. and nick 
is DETERMINED TO a) get her hwk done b) get restaurant city to work! 
back from camden got the best converse everr lol x 
is planning a get away 
i am going for a cappucino   #hoppusday &amp; #poynterday still ftw!  get better soon beth - we love you!
Ooops...typo,s! Thats what u get when u get up when your up before the birds!!!! 
@mikefoong get well soon buddy 
@shanedawson http://tinyurl.com/d236o7 .... actually... it kinda sucks? but things are gonna get better 
bout 2 get up n get my hair prettified 4 2marrow 
listening to my fav beyonce song get me bodied 
@surewhynot indeed.. lose 1 gain a few more. i think ppl get the wrong 1st impression bout me. i may have my problems but i change. 
Its getting hot in here! So take off all your clothes... 
@pennylane55 ohh what shirt did johann get you at hot topic?! i want to know! 
i love him...I think were gonna get married someday 
better get to bed then. goooodnight 
@THEJERkINS lol...get it in before its late 
no school today gd  but dont get to see mates n millsy x
@TrudyMagnifique haha check out our site its got some good ones too 
@Megzx lol, get watching it again  hehe
get my wii fit in couple of hours! 
his footy, and getting krisnan inu back on the team  / also, twitter, get rid of the ridiculous character limit.
up.....i nEEd coFFee. b0ut2get ready2start this new day in my lie 
@RaDollasHpc what you laughing at over there  got strawberries?
@JerryShaw lol get some then!!  n give me one too
ok gotta get my sub before everyone wakes up 
@adamdon lol, get to your bed 
@BADSenoritaa when u do get at me i will show u all the hotspots there is no where i dont kno when it comes to shoppin here lol 
@CelestialQ good!  now let's go get this done..... www.HennesseyBlack.com 
@SongzYuuup good,get some rest MONEYMAKER 
@kristenhaulser yuppp. I was gonna get it up top but I didn't. I will soon, but I got 2nd holes instead 
@lillogs you should totally come get me and bring me to kelslaws house with you. 
@lisalynn19 I've got cups but you gotta come get them 
I don't care about netsexor cams or the route to heaven, however, #lobster sounds super good.  I'm almost tempted to go get some. 
@missSHANNAbaby YAY  u get to see ddub again ;) those 5 men always keep me happy &amp; motivated 
@lightthematch mmm thanks, if u get too stoned and eat it thats cool 
going to shibuya, meet my mom, get my contact lenses, then shinjuku 
@babygirlparis dont get trampled on again 
in the process of learning how to drive stick shift. its getting easier thanks to @mrjimson 
browsing thru adopting agencies, i'm gonna get some exotic kids 
ahhhaaaaa is gunna get straight back on it! 
is going to go get some food. 
@prinsezha awesome. Wha'dya get her? 
@picklestickleme all the best for tmr, get an early rest and tweet bt it 
@sspideymann I know lol me an a ipod get a new start  ill text you swaping comps now
@priority_163 i hope you feel better, get well soon k? 
is proud of kwoksiong for getting 100% correct in the facebook quiz. 
@SofieY#TwitterTakeover explain? oh and go get us chocolate pleeeeease 
I @dontcare @anymore  @lalala getting @stoned and @jumping on a @bus. @get @mp3s
@_WaYn3o_   ii get that a lOttt 
@Foxy_HotSawce  good too. Getting busy  as well (not as much as I want)... I want to do more...   
On the train....one stop from home feeling my 2 martinis ready to get n the bed n get n some trouble 
@JonathanRKnight please don't be hard on yourself - you aren't being insensitive - we know you care...And do get some rest too... *hugs* 
kay tmrwz my official start of my diet!  gotta get it right for summr x)
get luggage, shower, visit-get kicked out, eat-juno, swimming hotel, desert dennys, video nonstop, bowling pwned. 
all i got to say is... 'battlefield! battlefield! you better get yourself an armor.' pretty good song. stuck on my head. 
Just ate del taco!! About to go get a new tattoo!!! 
@LesserEidolon aint nobody tell yo ass to come get me from work nigguh, so stfu 
ah! david a's in magic89.9! gotta listen to it.. 
@itsHoodRich lol what? U tryna get tough on me now... come onnnn boo.. let's tango  lol
damn barri get a life n get off of twitter thanks 
@mugluf haha thanks, im not mental though, ive got 20 now  only 10 to go and someone gets a chasgasm!! xxx
@kashfiaRahman awww get well soon and find me more twittering ppl i know 
I'm eating cherries..apparently if I eat 15 then that equals 1 of my 5 aday! - get in! 
@gulpanag aww!! mst have hurt a lot...get well soon 
@diwonna hmm owh you should take up some medicine get well soone bro 
@ComedyQueen right nowi get it.lol 
@chefswidow 18 -then u cant get them out of bed 
@djdlicious get well! 
@Spitphyre ur getting married or attending a marriage  all the best for either of them  keep smiling http://goankrazy.blogspot.com/
gotta get back to work... took a break to enter ds into the parents magazine cover model search.   He's so stinkin' cute!
My dad's getting all manstrual on me. I'm gonna hit up my favorite skank and have some fun tonight! 
@jeffflowers How do you really feel? dude get a grip 
I just found out i can turn my 360 on and off with the controller and not hafta get up... I'm in heaven. 
@myssmodelstar awww, you and @SimplyShaki been talking about these special someones all day  gotta get to the bottom of this lol
#familyforce5 #danceordiewithavengeance may 19 go get it 
@webaddict now really...who's gonna get the humor of this one besides you &amp; me?!?!?!? 
@johncmayer i think you're awesome..then and now and in the future. cant get enough of your songs.. looking forward for more! 
@shaktijs we shall await for it then...ooh..get some pics too 
@kacidbrown haha that sounds fun! send me details for sure  just promise not to laugh at me, i feel outta shape :/
@PrettyGirlKD I want you on my wall so get it together for your shoot 
laying on the bed.... ready to go get some asian takeaway 
I got sumthin' on my mind, y'all gotta knooow... 
soz hun gotta go 2 airport. will talk 2 u later hopefully 
just woke up. cant get back to sleep... so i twitter 
I am hungry..i will now go get a sandwich. 
@StacieLane Jst get a vip table..Its more spacious 
@superheropowers haha im impressed!  i still dont get the deductive/inductive bit haha. fuck it dude. im only just about to start :S
@samiip23 u probably r young! But I do have fun.  do u live near the casino 2 get 2 games? I am about 5 hrs away so hard 2 get there.
about to go get some bob evans 
@hanseebundee oh Hans they are horrible my M&amp;D both get them, have to give her a comforting lick 
get back from chruch.. waiting for my mami to finish cooking 
@SexyLiah yeah u did...so u get a pardon on this one. 
get to see bonni todayy ) maybe hang with joey too 
bought to go get me a burritto biiitch!   yummmmyy
Yay, gonna get my hair cut. 
get them back on trending topics: #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly#mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly #mcfly 
@MichelleTran let's get together &amp; catch up, busy girl! 
If that ninja spammer rears his head one more time - you are gonna get it fella *bows* 
@AndrewSisson yeah i know  lol dont worry ill get out of it, i always do 
is craving sun chips  I think im going to go get some now...lol xo
@kitode i've got more artichokes and lemons than i know what to do with. if you're in the hood, come get some! 
@marissa_loren If y'all stop again &amp; see some get u grab me a bag? .... And a beverage! 
I LOVE @gunnshow!!!! If you don't know her, get to know her bc she is a wonderful friend and has the biggest heart! 
@HennArtOnline hardly kickass. yours sounds much better-passionista  how does one get that gig?
@rationem I think that if u get on the tweet regularly we can get to know our interests and then we will jam about them  we`ll stay put !
@metzgrrr have fun in hawaii  get them boys!
recap me on your epik nighhht i know y'all got stories to tell me 
hittin the sheets..gotta get up early 
In form  get back 2 u soon x
@julyclover i'm sure you'll do good. getting the call is already winning half the battle!  
@underhill70 fair enough!  I'm not overly fussed on getting soaked running or cycling. I really do love that paramore album!
is slightly sun burnt!  its getting toasty 
off to visit little adam. get better soon bubs 
Get in - got one of the first 50 #FOTB 3 day conference passes 
@angusirvine the best part about being offsite, u can ignore email and pretend u didnt get it 
@chantelleaustin didnt get up to much but twas good  how r u?
@raptureponies it wont take long 2get used2 the touch-qwerty - promise! have fun  download shazam, its the biz ;) (&amp;free!)
@MrWaffletastic did u hear this mornings round? done for now, but who knows, maybe ill get her to fuck me outside ur doorway 
yass ma dads going 2 get me a gregs  :L
@joshuagates  It's all good. We are just happy when u get the chance 
@spreadingjoy gotta get to work, but let me know!!  IF u want        prayers lifted high up
my day couldnt get any better 
finally home. going to bed. gotta wake up around 2 to go look at apartments 
@nonakirana mesti deco or setting dia is very nice! get to admire them rite!! 
I got 10 hours of sleep...ready to start my day! Getting ready for a test shoot at 11 with Wilhelmina 
@johndrewyap lets pray its not swine flu. lol. get well soon 
@jaconelli07 Then go get sugar 
@noniwhite yeah...I'm getting the hang of it.  how did it go?! X get some sleep babe. X
it's 9 am bitches.. things need to be done! like getting my nails done 
enjoy depapepe's song, make me so relax 
@BiGVixXen I use it for flights...hate hate flying...take it 1/2 an hour b4 u get on and you should be angst-free 
@cinebo - yours also! (somebody's gotta tell 'em)  #tscc
@aka55 no problem hun... get some rest and make do limited movements so u wont get too sore 
@andydick hook @lisamricci up she is the one who got me followin u she is a big fan .. get her sum front row tixx 
is going to go get butter to make her icing... 
Woooo! :@ What a long day, I'm pooped. Getting up in 7 hours though, so we can be at Disneyland when it opens tomorrow! 
@mzishi lmfao i will be in bed waiting for you  u better get ya ass up and cook something to eat 
@Shadez noo ..get me links 
@MunnyMan LOL well its not the usual music id get my groove onto..but thanks!!! Have a great weekend! 
@aimizubouken yeah..can eat pizza together with @nazra and it would taste great..in case naz blanja get more tasty 
@thebleachworks suffering today? awww pobrecito go get your self some good breakfast! glad to know it was fun! take anymore pictures?  xx
@debbieseraphina when get into trouble......sue.... 
oo baby baby  nice and sunny today..im go out a get the papps.
I wanna travel, get out of here :/ Now breakfast and then, my way to school. 
Hmv have just delivered my gary go cd, 3 days before its realeased!   get in!
@Cooooke if its got jdepp i'll watch it 
could you act human, i mean, ive got neighbours 
#buy zopiclone on line get a decent sleep 
@ctidi the bank counteroffered and i accepted so im waiting for paperwork still 2 try 2 get in before weekend 
Still sick. Z's well &amp; c's getting better though. 
quite amusing getting nicole guessing who i like. 
@ambermacarthur get better soon amber 
shower, getting ready then shopppping  got the number?; txttttt it &lt;3
get to see all my 2nd graders in there communion outfits 
stare at you was my wedding song got married this past october  @NKAirplay 
@Jennybeeean WHYYYY are you talking about david getting laid?! hahahahha you're skipping steps for sure 
@Aftashok it will move..u gotta have faith 
In xbox 360 playing some cod4 for get my sleepp 
After expecting sleep in bed for &gt; 90 minutes, better get up and do something useful. #multimedia in !laconica is going to be sweet 
@KulorDS haha nice, of course im bringing it! maybe ill get a few cool shots 
get me some iced tea. pweease. 
@meriel awww ull get it soon enough 
ok g'nite twepls gotta get some shut eye. Ehhhhhhhh im on W.6th 2mrw night come find me 
just cant get enough of this song. I feel soo gooood 
@sarahstanley you're always gunna get it, because there is nobody worthier!  &lt;3
@seiswert we should just all get together and brainstorm. The best ideas always come when we all think out loud 
@xlmelindalx when did earl get his own lounge 
i'm most likely getting off. . but who knows tweet me and find out 
@eeekaaa Haha yeeee I feel accomplished getting you into them 
@DJDYNAMITE aiight. I'm jumping into bed so ill make sure 100% u get it tomorrow. And when u do tell me if u like them 
@EBBSBABY if it aint death related.. youll get over it 
@WhoaChasity its cool! i'll just talk to u wen u get on 
@emily9980 yes &quot;sex and the city with the girls&quot; haha  but dont get me wrong it sounds funn!
@shouyi i've been there since freshmen days. You just gotta get with the right non-frosh 
@tsarnick Both got ReTweeted 
going to carbondale and then working at the topiccc. get at me 
Looking idea... who get one, please share to me...  *ting-ting... :-p
@the nut  ...i have been busy getting a book published..  check http://knotsandnocrosses.com/ if u havn't already!
@wheelyweb better go get my name before somebody else tries to nab it from me 
Going to have shower! get ready for becc's  yah!
true, you know what I cant even be bothered cooking tonight... I am going to go get noodles and watch a good movie 
I'll finish the editing tomorrow.. I'm gonna get something to eat! 
Going to the dentist soon, gotta get ready now. Byee 
I gotta get outta here. G'bye and g'night in advance everyone 
@MishonRatliff93 WOW dat must be fun -I love acting too, im just wating got a chance to do sumthing big- U a good actor too 
