Most common words for this cluster:
[('getting', 193), ('looking', 176), ('day', 109), ('going', 101), ('today', 93), ('forward', 70), ('home', 68), ('moving', 67), ('pushing', 67), ('tomorrow', 65), ('heading', 63), ('quot', 62)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Going', 0.8433501124382019), (u'Moving', 0.7490235567092896), (u'Looking', 0.7450792193412781), (u'Coming', 0.6965930461883545), (u'Pushing', 0.6821609735488892), (u'Heading', 0.6754273772239685), (u'Getting', 0.6459130048751831), (u'Putting', 0.6119611263275146), (u'Turning', 0.6086071729660034), (u'Bringing', 0.6020344495773315)]





Foot is out of commission  ouch! Running this morning did not help...not smart.
Still a got headache  . Getting ready for work
Looking at it, I seem to be getting a completely different config.. Finding shared hosting hard not having control 
may hold off on hawk. Getting a job first might be a better idea... But i want it. 
Last day at home today  Catching the train at 10am tomorrow. Has been a nice break! But now I need some breakfast, a shower and a shave!
Rather tired after last nights works. Getting woken up early doesn't help either 
Brrrr ! Heading to work.... Chilly today 
On my way to the airport. Leaving florida.  worst day ever.
woke up today to snow on the ground  I thought Spring was here! Going to classes and spending the rest of my life in the Ceramics studio.
Today is not my day.  I've spilled my water twice.  Dropping the water bottle once.  It's not broken yet, but I'm expecting it.  
@ShannonHerod Sending {{hugs}} 
Still snowing outside   Heading downtown today anyways
Heading out from the Mariners game. Sitting in traffic 
feeling better today, thank you Lord! Going to try and tackle Wal-Mart and the grocery store today. 
Owowow! Breaking up boxes and got hit in the eye by a rogue piece of glue! 
No games today for the Knights  Playing two games tomorrow at 12 and 2 p.m. ET
@bhabb that's cool! #cubbies we only have a AAA team here in Portland  Going to a game tomorrow...
NetBeans updated and is now completely trashed. None of the default modules now load. Looking at complete reinstall 
Going to bed now, Leaving france tomorrow 
Locked out. Passing time in a cafe while playing sudoku on my phone 
you know whats depressing? Arriving at the airport and having nobody to greet you  in other news, dublin is sunny today....
Halfway through the update. It says 5 hours left. ...  ... 4.
can someone confirm my site is down.Getting text alerts 
Boooooooooo. Staying indoors while the sun is shining 
@i_am_vapour I'm super sorry to hear that  Sending good thoughts your way!
I wish I went to Syracuseeee! Leaving 
The song Looking For Alaska is gunna make me cry like the book. 
Trying so hard to get some uni work done, not happening  Finding it hard to be creative !
@scottmurray Heading to bed, I hope you get out of there soon 
Dog may have cat flue. Staying over at the vet 
rewinding film in LCA - felt &quot;rewound&quot; so opened back - it wasn't  Then it jammed   Looking at negs think only lost couple of shots tho.
Me thinks is time to study.. Getting my behind outside this apartment and off to the library..No laptop in tow 
@ianfnelson @robcthegeek And the &quot;Coming soon&quot; Castle thing has been like that for years! 
I hate school. Getting ready... 
Last day to be 34...   Halfway up the hill to 40... what a depressing thought!
Does it have to rain? Walking to class. Class 1030-12 then 2-315. 
@Sprinces Oh wow! So sad!  Sending good vibes to their family!
Adsense.. Creating tiny websites..    http://www.dubaihomeinsurance.co.uk
@Sublimey it's the IJburg blues  Counting hours before the move
Just got home...ahhh!  Getting ready 2 go mimis, but it's just not the same w/out my baby.  
Heading to bed... Going to McCann later today to finish up some paperwork... Feeling depressed  IDK why
can't help it. Leaving the door open=cool cool air.  stupid bugs stay away!
REAL busy sis. Nike called. Going 2 Prtlnd next week. New project. June 1st confirmed. Had to call Allan &amp; cancel. Moving vans soon.  
Supernatural was kick ass as always!!! Heading to bed now. I have an early day tomorrow. 
I went to two different malls today looking for a prom dress and came out empty handed. Sneaking out with matt right now. SATs tomorrow 
still downloading ImageMagick. Going to die 
sigh.. wow, for lack of a better word. wow.   I guess it's time for bed, can't wrap my head around anything else.  Sending loves
Fuuuck.. Running out of resources  my boy is getting the ax in the am
The last Pushing Daisies episode left me feeling robbed 
I can't believe the valet left with my keys. Sitting in the city waiting to go home 
Ugh... Getting wore out... and feeling low... thinking about bills 
They'd better not shut out the male chapter  Reaching out is important #awaresg
Morning. Relaxing before starting patient calls later on 
Next up: The last _ever_ Pushing Daisies.   
Packed most of my shit just need to pack my odds and ends awwk gotta leave my babies for another three days 
Watching final Pushing Daisies.   *infinite+3 sadfaces*
It's raining.  But we're going into the valley, eat some asparagus and buy some wine. Hiking yesterday was fun!
Just had 5 hours sleep  Getting ready to meet with friends now...sun is shining yeay!
Drinking on an empty stomach hurts these days.  Getting old.  I'm not 14, anymore.  
Watched the last Pushing Daisies ep before  I had tears in my eyes! Managed to keep myself from completely bursting into tears though
Goodmorning twitter land. Getting all the kiddos ready and we are headed to eat and then shopping for summer clothes. not fun at all 
My back is killing me! Sitting down in the gym. 
Finished wedding, shot 10gb of photos. On the road home to copy and give to the boss. Cutting it tight for the cinema 
and there goes Pushing Daisies 
@kelly960 I'm sorry about your cat   Sending you a biiig hug!
I can't remember the last time I slept in until 11. It was very nice! Getting ready then off to work on the group project... boo. 
@SongzYuuup Doing laundry unfortunately.... 7 weeks overdue... 
I just watched the last episode of Pushing Daisies with Tracy 
I can't sleep at all.. Breaking night 
Mornin!!! Heading to a meeting!! 
@nandao How is your holiday going? Getting any writing done? It's been too long since I heard from you! 
Not much sleep, indigestion  BUT! Getting ready to head over to the church for practice/soundcheck
Dodging the treadmill today; thinking of the bike only, for a change of pace, see how that works out.  Getting bored with my routine 
It's so cold  Moving onto Soviet intolerance of diversity, any ideas??
@GeorgeA_f yeah. But luckily I don't have to see the second booklet. Doing the short course 
@Devilslair probably not! Seeing as they are still 4-2 it's not looking so good. They almost became awesome a few years back  it's sad!
Shuttle train to shuttle bus to JFK to regular A train to the L train to the B60 bus... Going to be late for church 
The last scene of Pushing Daisies. Ever. http://tinyurl.com/dcy4oy
It's a beautiful day! Unfortunately I have a sick dog.  Looks like it'll just be me &amp; Sebastian walking today. Biking, laundry &amp; sun time
is looking forward to home ownership just so I don't have to worry about moving for years and years.  Moving blows 
Just got up. Getting ready, then working 3-7. Last day of vacation.. 
@Anarchysmaster Backing out of? 
Last night was pretty good but dammit it couldve been better. Looking forward to tomorrow morning. Losing in SF4 this early in the day = 
http://twitpic.com/4ihaz  Running route for 5-2 - only 8.82 (not 10, as I thought) miles 
@TheRealLuis Sitting on the couch, watching TV. Lol. I don't have SHIT to do  What about u?
I miss my A.B.  i cant wait to see her.. Doing homework blahhhhh
Holy crapola.  Cramming is not fun.
(Singing) no fun. No fun. Cramming for ap gov test is no fun. 
@typezero3 lately yes unintentionally tho  I feel terrrrrrible. Moving priorities back to where they should be...
@luckygnahhh I'm sorry!  Being sick is not fun at all.  
@blogrworld still need to be connected to the www and telephone.  So work in progress. Moving in this week. http://twitpic.com/4j9e2
Parents are home today. The good times are ending  Looking forward to meeting a friend &amp; her daughter for a coffee.
Chopchop, get dressed! Getting ready for work 
so exhausted.. long week and its only monday. Heading down to Invercargill tomorrow for Nannas funeral 
Real quick?! Sitting in between heaven and hell I fuckin miss poo so much, 
According to @EWAusielloFiles, Dollhouse's renewal is a long shot and Pushing Daisies is officially canceled.  http://tinyurl.com/csneyp
for the record id jus like to say...Moving SUCKS!! 
Saves the day was amaazinggg!!!! Heading home now, i already miss them 
@sitarakadalbal i know/knew the feeling.  Leaving sucks. 
Watching caitlin empty out her side. Getting extremely sentimental. Todays gonna be rough. 
morning all!  Running around today, tickets to arrange, compras to do, all the really interesting stuff! 
Flaw:  Putting too much faith in people. 
@crystalvision99 well, I did manage to laugh after I wiped out 2day. Losing my job - not funny 
All my braids are finally out!!! Getting it in..missing some1 
@kate_ground It was also a welcome relief from all the PC issues I've been having. Losing files, including one of my fav pics of you 
Just sent @peeppeep off to work.    Sending her positive thoughts and warm fuzzies.
@PatrickAvis Stretching and rest, mostly. 
@vicarum macbook battery life is still a decent 2.5-3.5 hrs based on what I'm doing. Replacing it because it's completely swollen up! 
Not campaigning. Doing tort revision for exam tomorrow. Would rather be out and about 
Home alone for the week... Getting up before 6:00 to drive to the airport sucks 
Caribou... Since 5... Going till noon 
@xphyxiate Freelancing at the moment and getting tired of trying to find a stable job.  How about you?  Leaving Melbourne soon? 
Has a bad head! Looking forward to tea and bed 
Not feeling good today  Laying down
Ahhhhhhhh. Doing math homework backstage fails. Especially when you dont understand it 
Sitting in my cantine in collage got 15 mins till lesson starts and my friends aren't in yet. Sitting by myself looking like a loner 
Loves nothing best than sweet twitters in her ear... Gearing up for night duty tonight 
@rana__xx eww kebab  aww. I wish I was there to comfort you . Throwing up sucks :l
Updating web pages = quick &amp; easy. Doing it properly (ensuring all links work &amp; formatting is correct) = slow &amp; v boring. 
Today is going to be the longest day ever. Laying awake since 330 from one long nightmare  ew.
is taking the hardest test of her life this morning. Passing is just not an option 
In school now. Doing work. Uhhhhhhhhh 
@pompeygal Touch wood, all doing OK thanks. You and yours? Am not liking the rain    Looking 4ward to next Fri - half term, yay!
@unblinkered @deililly Moving from 'someone is wrong on the internet' to 'just had a fistfight on the internet.' I am a bad person  
@limejive  Swings continue to surprise me, be relatively unpredictable. Finding sleep habits are good indicator of what's next #owjen
I'm officially getting sick - no!!! Laying in my bed 
@corvida - hey chica! Why can't I get to shegeeks.net? Getting a weird &quot;account suspended&quot; notice from your host! 
Still sneezy and sniffly  Making it a movie night...
Finished moving.tired. 
UGH! Just found out tree fell on power lines! Power might be back on at 2am! I hope my ribs don't go bad in the fridge  Going to bed!
Just got back from the hospital. Seeing a girl who's like your little sister in so much pain, is the hardest thing to watch 
is packing up her laptop now.... Leaving Champaign early in the morning.  http://plurk.com/p/ua74n
Lunch time. Having mixed fresh fruit and water. Staring at a Sneakers bar 
Just about up, lots of college work to do. Looking like no bass 
All done packing up. Heading back to the airport soon to head back home. I'm going to miss her so much. 
@staceeadams That makes me very, very sad. UpStreet is going to be so different next year. Losing too many of my favorite peeps. 
@Girlbytes I'm very sorry to read what happened.  Sending wishes that your girlfriend will make a full recovery!
I don't feel so good. Being up this early doesn't do my body much good. 
Downstairs bathroom finally finished  Sitting the conservatory revising, nice and toasty in here unlike outside 
@mearklel Yes, after a trip to the ER.  Last back injection shot up my bp again.    Resting now, but really disappointed.
This is the worst part. Dropping him off and driving away from the airport. 
had a massive #fail on my MTNL broadband.. only gmail was opening up.. Running antivirus/antispyware now 
on my lunch break at work. Doing homework 
Sarah out. Going to enjoy a bowl of cereal in my basketball shorts. Super comfy! I miss @KissaKatt!!! 
Tired ass fuhhh, looking for a job is really hard work!  (Applying online at this very second)
Our other older foster girl also has a large lump. Looking like hospice care for these two. 
Vacation is over. Getting ready to leave. 
is just about to go and make dinner.  Running late tonight 
Hey Tweets.... Leaving the bay 
http://twitpic.com/5ezol - This is my sad water bottle. Riding the train while his friend has run off to the airport and left him behind. 
http://twitpic.com/5ezw0 - This is my sad water bottle. Riding the train while his friend has run off to the airport and left him behind. 
Still working on security settings for new system user. So many things to consider... Getting error message now 
http://twitpic.com/5f3y9 - Heading to the airport 
Exams this week, tomorrow and wednesday  Looking forward to my weekend break in Newcastle 
this monday is kinda low. Looking forward to get home an chill already. But it's not even 13h... 
ITs so early  Getting ready for school.
My book has arrived... Uoooohoooo... but I wasn't home...  *Running home*
Awake ... Getting ready for work  I hope no one calls in today ...
Bleurgh, bleurgh and more bleurgh -  poor Holly  Looking through shoe box of old photos - wedding pics, gosh, so young - so many memories!
Getting off the boat now. Heading home 
Having a 'fun' time trying to sort out our snail pace network. Pressing save on a network file takes up to 30seconds. Cables are screwed 
I feel like I didn't sleep at allll.  haha. Picking up @gmoneynj soonish.
Yawn good morning!! Getting ready for work! 
My landlord has to check to see if my house is sinking.  Getting strange cracks and warped doorways 
@RichHughesTLOBF Accessing interwebz from my phone, TLOBF doesn't always load right 
One of the many joys of being the boss... Driving to the office at 2:45am because the alarm was set off by a low battery!!! 
still bored. Going to bed soon. Alone  Tired. Work tomorrow. Night lovers xx
Up... Getting ready to go to work... 
Frightened - very! Going to hospital now for MRI scan - if I survive will tweet later  
Is Getting ready to go work  Really Not wanting to!!
hates her left knee. It hurts very badly. I hate being awake at 7:30 in the morning. Making poached eggs. 
Has a four day weekend!!! Getting ready to get my glucose test 
a lot of stuff to do today. Driving up to gainesville to get my blood work done 
on me todd  going out later woop... Turning up the volume!!! xx
Would like today to end already. Looking forward lazing in front of the tv later pretending I don't have to be at work again tomorrow 
Today's my last day of school,do you know how sad this is? Leaving everything behind, and I was there for 4yrs.  i'm going to cry today .
Working on papers i have to get done today.  Running my application by GCA at somepoint.
Brought my car into the shop. Currently immobile 
packing for Southern VA. Looking forward to seeing everyone. Also hoping Kristin's apt goes well- she is still in tones of pain... 
@BlueBuddhaBtq I haven't worked on it this week; was too busy.  Heading out of town for the weekend and left chainmailling at home 
Padres come back from being down 6-0 &amp; we lost. Breaking the streak!  still loving my padres tho
@nickmarshall I'm not sick - just in intense pain  Leaving my computer now...
I know I should be happy for you, but my heart is Breaking cuz you've found love. I told you i was good luck 
I can't get a fucking break. Stuck in Illinois now. With a bent rim  terrys going to be pissed  http://twitpic.com/61h6w
I want to go home. Sneaking out of a hotel conference room is much more difficult than sneaking out of a classroom dammit! 
My computer just crashed... with all my stuff  Putting the order out to the universe for a new one ;) DrHeather &lt;|;-)
Myspace. Texting. Music. Looking through pictures on my computer. ASDFGHJKL late start. Tmrw is impact day  Should be boring. But fun. LOL
My phone passed away yesterday.. He jumped off the table  Searching for a new phone...
Vacation over!!!  Looking forward to the next one........
Allergies  sun is out, wearing shorts.  Stuck with my advisory the whole day.... This should be boring. Except fun. If people make it fun?
*yawn* At a hotel. Moving tomorrow 
@dulcedementia   poor Stuart...    I was wondering where he was!  Moving day today!I expect a welcome cake or case neighbor .... hehehe
What a day! #dayofservice completed, and now aching all over! Clearing trees around a beautiful lake. Splitting headache now tho 
Whew! Moving commercial-sized freezer and cooler a lot more work than I expected. Missing the HTC roundtable 
I need food. It took an hour to get to work this morning. Leaving me no time to get my morning coffee and bagel 
tired but have a lot to do.  Looking forward to tabletop gaming tomorrow as a break from my constant programming
@ambbboo Playing with lighters fire matches and grass 
@iamthenoface I'm having no luck either  Doing my nut in! Who are you hoping to see?
Off work in half an hour. Getting an MRI after that. Yay me 
@WeTheTRAVIS i hope that happens tomorrow, then ill be there ;) (Providing my dad gets better to take me  )
http://twitpic.com/67iab - Rounding bases - she was fast during relays. Not so fast during the game 
Waking up way to late = bad.  Getting yelled at for it later = worse. 
cleaning and packing. Moving house is shit. It's going to be a long weekend.... 
@Petronella I really want a Shish kebab... Going to have to settle for toast 
@TonyaRae @RachieRach3 Getting dizzy. Going to have to lower my original raise. Please don't think any less of me. 
My best mate found out that I am moving. She doesn't understand I wanna do something with my life; Leaving to go to Uni.. 
is home alone.. Doing hw 
@ Barbs trying to figure out y the dsl aint connecting. I need my google. Going home to my computer if it don't start working soon. SMH 
@BuddyTV Excited about the new Pushing Daisies episodes but it makes it that much worse.  I had finally gotten over the cancellation. 
@retrodiva I WISH I could be in bed by nine once in a while. I never make it in before 3-4 a.m.  #sleepdeprived. Doing too much. 
I really need to invest in an elliptical machine... Running with shin splints sucks!! 
1.2 mile run and 450 meter swim, things are looking better and better... Laying off the bike today 
Missing nathan and the bccg already. And my best friends that tried to visit me   Heading back tomorrow afternoon.
@MallyMal305 Calling t mobile to see what the problems is...annnd wishing I had somewhere to go but @kingjames73 left me 
I am supposed to go for an intro flight instruction tomorrow at 3.... Looking at the weather I am not so sure it will happen 
I want to watch Howl's Moving Castle but I don't think I'll be able to stay awake. 
Exhaustion. It's real and it's being very mean to me. I want to cry really badly but I'm too tired. Walking would also be a bonus... 
I found a dead baby opossum in the garage. Playing 'possum too well. 
Wants to watch Howl's Moving Castle. 
@maureenjohnson I hope you feel better! *Sending you hugs, soup, tissues, and a bucket.* (I don't know how sick you are  )
Morning! Getting ready for work - was over 30 deg yest - no air con! roll on 6 pm 
@JasonCalacanis I missed the live show today  When is the download coming out? Looking forward to it! #twist
..@LaBangBang Playing two right now.. 
Officially procrastination!!! Moving tomorrow and not packed at all... 
Waiting in samsung service center. Its boring. Sitting ideal is bad 
I feel like crap! Getting ready to crawl into bed and die. 
@tnsSG - moving is tiring 
I want to write and do things, but I have a headache. Lying down with the lights off is out, because I can't go to sleep this early. 
Packed and ready to leave bama  not so fun at the moment.
Running on no sleep. This isn't good. It's going to be a longer night than expected. Sitting here probably isn't helping too much either. 
Missed the 1st trolly. Running late now. I HATE that feeling. 
@Lexiemclean jolly good. Doing paperwork 
Cleaning the empty house on cedar... Getting a little sad that i'm no longer a resident of this swedish oasis. 
is sad for a friend who's wife just had her 5th miscarriage. Losing babies sucks. 
20 bouquets of flowers assembled over 2 1/2 hours. my feet hurt from standing all that time   Dipping strawberries now!
would like to have even a little bit of time off work. Laying out until 11:30 then work 12:30-8:30. 
would like to have even a little bit of time off work. Laying out until 11:30, then work 12:30-8:30. 
Two weeks ago I broke notaPad.  Fixing now 
Shopping for my apartment. Moving is gonna be such a pain in the ass 
Here comes the heavy. Seeing the ex for the first time in 10 months...at a funeral no less. 
Yay. Heading to KOA, but the sad part is.. No one knows where their going  this might take a while.
WTF is going on with the Chiefs? Getting smashed at the 1/2 way point of the S14 final 
One of the final episodes of Pushing Daisies airs tonight on ABC. 
Packed 12 boxes.  Only 88 more to go  I have too much stuff!
@TVbiancaa ... Sending sympathies..  I hear ya.  I've got two jobs and one is more unpaid overtime lately.  
I keep trying to tell myself that the heartache will dissipate soon, but I am struggling  Laying down for a restorative nap...
@arizona_aiga Thanks. I don't think I will make it. Finishing some unexpected things for work. 
I forgot how much moving there is in moving 
Just finished the last episode of Pushing Daisies  I'm gonna need a pick-me-up.
I wish I had even a quarter of his talent. Getting some readable writing out of myself often feels like pulling teeth... 
I hate working at quiznos! Applying for a job somewhere else. Not feeling well  only an hour left
Just got a wonderful message from him- why can't he be here with me? Driving myself insane again. I can't take this much longer. 
We had a major wardrobe malfunction today. Hanging rail broke. Clothes everywhere 
Last of the final Pushing Daisies start tonight 3 left 
So Tired. Going to skip the after party. Coughing nonstop  #wordcamp
@LunaticRadio Driving through manhattan now...not digging it 
I don't think I'm going to be able to watch Pushing Daisies tonight, and that breaks my heart 
At the coaches social! deBeer lacrosse brought heads and goodies! It is sweet! Looking to hang with Rags one last time 
I'd forgotten how much I missed Pushing Daisies 
Just realized Pushing Daisies was on - but it's the last episode... missed last 3 hrs 
Watching new episode of Pushing Daisies makes me sad.  I love this show. 
Took a nap and a shower. Heading to peter lik. Paul still not doing good at poker 
Should have heard from supervisor about job, but hasn't.  Getting worried.  
Wow it's been awhile since i tweeted lol.Getting a 5 hour energy drink and going back to the books. 
Exhausted from a night at 3 Guys watchin the Pens game   Going to bed now.....
Watching this episode of Pushing Daisies is making me SO sad ABC cancelled it 
Three more episodes of &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot;..........yeah!  But then it's over......boo 
@GMMR I completely agree! Its a crime that Pushing Daisies was canned. Its such a cute show! 
*glorious but sad,very sad  Heading to bed after a few songs,it's bright outside!
Watching the beginning of the end of &quot;Pushing Daisies&quot;. 
My jaw is hurting... Making this carne asada difficult to eat 
Kb babys,  I know     the weathers great.  Going to petes tonight prob.   Jenny!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
1 hour down, 2 to go. Getting sleepy already. 
Just finished ball. Facing the reality of assignments now. 
i have missed Pushing Daisies so much. so depressed that this is 1 of the 3 very last episodes. 
@lisathewaitress   Totally loved &quot;Pushing Daisies,&quot;  too.  Pretty much the only show I watched regularly this year.  
Doing something easy = fast. Doing something easy times 45 = takes all day 
I did not like the end of that episode of Pushing Daisies. 
One of the things I really don't like: Falling sick. 
Tofino has been a blast! Coming home tmrw 
Oh no I didn't know that Pushing Daisies was being cancelled  .
on him, watching him go. &lt;333 It's so cute. Getting out my camera for this, it's adorable.  /fishfagging
Off home today. Getting the train from Birmingham to cambs. Then revision for 9am Media exam tomorrow 
Oh I  hate the school  ...Doing homework :-!
Running in the rain?  Fine.  Running in thunder/lightning?  Even I'm not that crazy.  Running is officially postponed.    #shredheads
Anti-adventure mode active. Heading home 
@rosalindphyllis Really sorry to hear about that  Sending you good karma
Still tired from a great partynight... Doing stuff for university 
I'm offically half-less  Heading home to tidy up the wonderful chaos, and drown my sorrows in junk food. So proud of you, @joallen17!
Oh i ache all over  hopefully some stretches will help me out .. Getting ready for church
@shellocalypse get on with your study fool!! or else you will regret it! Cramming is awful 
My ipod died half way thru my run!  Running with no music is like taking a shower with no water.
Chixago tonighttt! Closing 
They are airing the final episodes of Pushing Daisies  can't be believed they cancelled it.
AGH - Looking for inexpensive ecofriendly pillow inserts   I need a lot of 'em!! Any ideas tweets?
Realized that Pushing Daisies was on last night on ABC (Eastern channel only) and I can't seem to find the torrent for it 
AGH - Looking for inexpensive ecofriendly pillow inserts   I need a lot of 'em!! Any ideas tweets? (via @daniellexo)
Most depressing day ever. Moving out of college forever. 
The joy! Upcoming exams, course work deadlines and just general hard work! Looking forward to it 
@GoldyMom um. Getting my grocery list together. And washing the DH's clothes, he won't be here this week. 
On my way to Fort Knox, KY.. Already missing my husband. Going to be phoneless soon I think. 
Packed and getting ready to drive to the airport.  sadness.   don't really want to leave.
Packing  Leaving tonight, hoping the weather is nice there.. I need SUN!!!!
yesterday was SO much fun. I got to hang out with my baby all day!! Leaving for vacation in 6 days, I'mma miss him 
just went to bebo with the intention of closing my account but I couldn't bring myself to delete everything. Breaking up is so hard to do 
@flowing_fire Why do all the good shows get canceled? Pushing Daisies was canceled too, right? 
Going to watch the episode of Pushing Daisies I missed last night because of the game. Why would ABC cancel the greatest show? 
http://twitpic.com/6cp2l - Heading to memorial! 
just had a shower! Getting ready to going back to school 
About to watch the last episode of Pushing Daisies. 
going on this fun trip down memory lane! I almost want to crawl up in a ball and not do this. Getting rid of childhood toys is hard 
Up. Walking. Hungry. All good signs. Looking around @ 2 much 2 do. 
I missed Pushing Daisies last night. I didn't know it was on  You gotta tell me when they play my favorite canceled show!
Blegh i don't feel good. Laying down 
..life is bigger,its bigger than you and you are not me...R.E.M. Losing my religion  que viejos tiempos!
Riley's had a 103 degree fever off and on since late last night. She's not happy.  Going to Dr in morning. #fb
So tired!! &gt;_&lt;. Heading to gym at 10am for 2 hours  better get out of bed and eat.
Dropping boyfriend off at airport -&gt;  Getting an ice cream maker from @faketv and then going together for a 90-min massage -&gt; 
@TwistedHelen Leaving??  *sigh* awright...*mwah*
At nordstrom doing the opposite of what I'd like to be doing... Returning clothes 
I'm feeling damn sick. Getting nauseated. 
@mtvcanada  He Was Pissed! And now he's Leaving 
I'm about to watch last night's Pushing Daisies. I'm suffering twice for the show: back when it was cancelled and now with the last 3 eps 
So on the plus side, I realized I haven't watched 8 episodes of Pushing Daisies - on the downside, that means I only have 10 left...ever. 
Bed reallyreallyreally early. Holy fuck. Going to bed really soon. Leaving tomorrow.  &lt;3
Morning all,hope you have a good day. Making my way back up sheffield today... 
Locked in again  Going to have to sit in the sun all day eating ice cream. Sigh.
Where did the weekend go?!   Getting ready for work.
@debbieseraphina Lol. I cant find anything I want in the $5 pile. Sobs.  Getting 2 of $10s. I shall not even look at the rest...
@dulcecafe Competitions are great, winning one is Brilliant - Getting unwanted spam after the fact, not so good 
@apneatic oh no, I'm so sorry! Losing pets is always so devestating 
@fluoridedm nada! Barely done any psych! Doing it the four days before the exam 
Bugh! Running late again. 
Depressed. Leaving the only place thats felt like home to me in awhile 
@migueldeicaza That sucks big time! Moving crap from one place to another, and burning gas in the process, what an absurd thing to do! 
@RevRunWisdom yes!!!  Sending this to my middle school daughter and friends. MS girls can be so mean sometimes!!  To each other.... 
great surprise - a new episode of Pushing Daisies on the DVR! but it is bittersweet, only three new episodes that were already filmed. 
put on my sleepa's and went to work in my shop this morning. Being unemployed is cool,,, too bad there's no money in it 
Running in this heat not recommend! Falling over and getting stung by a nettle probably didnt help  #fb
F*ck you very much, emusic. Dropping me from 90 to 50 downloads a month (w/o a price drop) means I've found another way to trim my budget 
Still waiting for our baby girl to decide to join us. Getting more &amp; more uncomfortable everyday. 
I officially hate moving...this is too hard 
On campus for the last time  Picking up my cap and gown...
@KChenoweth  Pushing Daisies was easily one of the best shows in the history of TV and it's a shame it had to end. I miss Olive!
School almost out for the summer, Going back to Utah. Girlfriend will be there  All my friends wont  Little to no gaming expected 
In computer class, last day...last time i will have classes in this school. Getting a little choked up! 
The old timers would tell me &quot;Your best thinking got you here.&quot;  Lying on the street, wounded, failed bank robbery = best thinking? 
Just watched one of the last 3 #Pushing Daisies episodes. So bittersweet! I loved this show and I'm so sad to see it ending. 
Wah..Pushing Daisies bites the dust too... 
29 deg in Tampa.  Looking forward to my open-air swim later...rain the rest of the week 
Finals this week... not fun.  Getting the worst day over with right away though!
I'm still so sad about my poem that got erased. I can't remember it at all  / Looking at Urban clothes online...How I wish I was rich.
@justfierce in 30 days my whole fambam is moving back to atl... Leaving my and my sisters 
Pretty naff day today. Calling it a day or night whatever it is. At least the sun will be shining tomorrow but I'll be working 
@tyrese4real ahhhhhh I wanna see it!!! Making me jealous 
Exhausted. Running errands on a sprained ankle is tiring. And not to mention I got very little sleep 
Another dream coming to an end.  ... Heading back to BK from paradise!! Looks like Pleasantville out here. Niiiice!!
@supernonamegirl I agree. The thought of no more Pushing Daisies makes me sad. 
@TheBJP Getting away costs money, and I contemplating working at tops for a while, just so I don't have to put them out if I move. 
@neonfiction Okie dokie! Also you may do a remake of Pushing Daisies. Which, btw, made me cry when I watched it today. 
 I can't focus. Getting myself into trouble now.
These Puffs suck. Talking about lotioned tissue when my nose look tore up as hell. Looking like Rudolph on high. I need a cootie shot. 
These Puffs suck. Talking about lotioned tissue when my nose look tore up as hell. Looking like Rudolph on crack. I need a cootie shot. 
@jemillahayne LOLOL!! I RECKON!  Coming early?
cool night... Doing homework 
Clearly my ac doesn't work!  Being hot makes me irritable!!! Aaaahhhhhh!!!!!!
i guess im going to sleep now. its been a long boring night. gonan listen to Moving Mountains. hope i sleep well. wish i was going to MD. 
Full on hayfever has finally kicked in...Reaching for pills, inhaler and tissues 
Really wishing this hot weather would stop now... getting stupid now. Looking out the window it doesn't look promising for today 
Eating cashew nuts + pepsi ! Preparing for tmr's presentation. &amp; I feel sorry for those who were on the french jet 
Missed most of the E-VAN last night  Looking forward to the recording being available.
@jimmywim good luck with that.  Pulling teeth is more fun 
Up  Driving my mom to work.
things I forgot recently: not to check twitter in between Pushing Daises on W at 7.30 and ANTM on fox8+2 at 9.30. Spoooillerrss! 
Morning all! Heading to work after a long weekend! 
Halfway to work and I just want to go back to sleep 
Biked to work today, 12.5 miles in cool weather, slight downhill most of the way.  Riding home will be hotter and  slightly uphill.
@NMcDermott got laid off i have until july 1st and they cut my cousins salary so we cant afford to stay at my apt. Moving home 
@IslandGirl3572 Getting ready to call them.  Just checking with other people to see if it's just me.  
I'm wishing i had a rich husband..... Getting up 4 work in the middle of winter to go slave for 8 hours is so not kewl 
Is up early.  The cell phone woke me up. Leaving later today to go home 
I'm bugging with Office 2007 numbering problem. e.g  Heading 2 is displayed as &quot;5.1&quot; and Heading 3 under 5.1 showing as &quot;3.1.1&quot;.  
@Pearlster moving 
D: off to derby soon  Driving was fun today xD I only crashed into a curb :')
Last day as MVP of phys ed. Getting nostalgic  @mrd10
Tore my room apart looking for my passport. No luck. Going to the post office now.  http://twitpic.com/6h36q
Best part of my day.  Walking my girls home from school. What will I do this summer when they are gone  http://yfrog.com/0q189jpdj
Oh POO!! I can't remember the password to my BofA profile  Going on a tour tomorrow at a massage therapy school. Why the heck not :/ meh..
Yayyy for living with absminkey!! Getting prepared for a long night of endless studying 
Anyone know where my black glasses are. Not sun glasses. Seeing glasses. I took my contacts out 
@ShaniBeeGirl Sitting here crying puddles and it's still got ages to go 
And now it would seem that three of my listeners like that new song of mine that I like too! Cramming paid off! I wanna go back to it! 
just read that bed bugs are at all time high in hotels in the U.S.   Looking forward to sleeping in my hotel tonight  
We need daylight savings time in SA. Getting up and going to work in the dark is just horrible... 
Panel and button design finished. Putting the user interface in right now. Getting sleepy...  Must...go...on!
@rgoodchild All the cool people live here.... lol. Moving at the end of the month though. 
@binkenstein It was not an unusual high price for a bagel here. Getting breakfast is more expensive than getting lunch from a restuarant. 
@SecretAgentBoo yeah :| next wed is the day they absolutely have to be here for. Cutting it a bit fine, makes me 
Facebooking.... Searching for quizzes to take when I usually ignore them all when I'm invited to take them !! So SO bored... 
Sipping a scotch and water and wanna put bubbles in my spa BUT too cool outside and no fun alone!   Where is everyone...Playing lol
#dailygoals 1/4 done. The other ones I've got to wait for internet to come back  Doing some private project coding while I wait
Still think I'm going to have to go back to dentist tomorrow   Getting better but not fast enough 
@robin_parker I can't afford to see them this year. Doing far too much already! I'm gutted 
Just woke up! Getting ready to go to the Orthadentist! 
I am hungry!!! Sitting in traffic 
Oh ok so now I'm sick on my stomach that's cool. Staying at home today 
Lots of packing left to do, and only 2 more days to do it all in. Looking at facing a forclosure sale on our house 
Woot!  Gearing up for the all-school picnic at prac today.  Going to be hard saying goodbye to everyone soon.  
At work in the lovely sunshine. Making the most of it because it's going to cool down soon 
Focus: Getting my clean on, making the salon perdy, talking as much as I can {a little hard just had gum surgery  }
@SarahHopwood Seeing the dentist tomorrow 
Waiting till dinner's ready.. Becoming ill i think.. Not feeling so well 
Wilting. Air con still broken  but man has arrived to fix it . Going to NikeTown after work.
Feeling so bad for my baby girl today. Seeing her cry just breaks my heart! 
&quot;Approaching&quot; would have made more sense than &quot;appear&quot;. 
@joebiam yeah i heard! Hanging no less  wth man???
Halfway through the workday. Its been a real soggy and rainy day 
Pleasures of Biking - ericnelson: It is storming, no biking today  Running later though! http://tumblr.com/xam1y8ylb
hates when you want to say something to someone, but instead you both just ignore each other... Getting no closer to what you want 
@cmogle Totally agree. That was my first thought.  Living on the edge tests resilience. Knowing for certain allows grieving &amp; moving on.
I passed my rotation!  Going to observe in the psych ER before I leave Wishard 
I have a lunch meeting i forgot about  Getting ready for that.
@caylorb  Need 2 ask new Qs pre-inperson Interview. Looking bk, what do U think U should have asked, about daily resp, goals, co...?
@fairtomid Being sent away 
Yay! Heading to work  but 'Breaking Dawn' came in so I am excited to start reading it!
Tucked up in bed, this reply is for me, @Sarcasmoo, so I remember to send some apologies to people on msn/twitter/fb later  *damn vodka*
Bbl again! Leaving wifi area 
@shansgrl Awwww.. Making me miss my kitty cat.   Such a cute picture.
@Ashleyin1drland I'm so sorry about the show  Fingers crossed that something else can be worked out  Sending you hugs.
Just got done with dinner with Jovan...it was good seeing him! Driving back to the hotel, back to stl tomorrow 
LOVED Up! The 3D was kinda messed up in the theater and they didn't show Partly Cloudy.   Going to pack--got a flight in the morning.
Tucked between my pillows. Early wake up call for the gym in the morning - last spinning class with my mama for quite some time 
@KhloeKardashian  I have been calling for the last 13 minutes.... Its still Flipping busy.  I'm gonna keep trying
Feeling way too much anxiety and stress. &quot;Relaxing&quot; things are making me more stressed. Something's gotta give. 
I just woke up...I can't sleep. I'm nervous...very very nervous. Two months away from here  Leaving in almost 24 hours
@fake_Vyvyan oh yes, of that i am sure... Raising boys is hard work. Wiping bums is the worst. 
blimey, how long have I been asleep? Looking outside it appears I've slept through summer and woken up in Autumn! 
is going Sleeper this week. Not by choice; no FT spots in this Precinct (all held by Agents who don't know/uphold culture). Going to BBYM 
@AlejandraDuhh o_O!  Being yellow?? I didnt get that 
Spammers are up early today  Getting up time so have a good morning everyone 
Presentation Folly: Losing your data because your laptop battery drained out before u saved the ppt... 
@BadExec Congrats G4 man.  Moving sucks.  It's the bane of my existence but I know it will happen many more times for me in life. 
copy of the sims 3 arrived this morning. Looking forward to playing it. But its not my turn yet 
Kaseys workkk stole him from meeee   Playing computer games lika n3rd 
@Mountiehunter It's the same everytime you try it! Looking like a full blown flare 
Shoot. I spoke too soon. I was recruited to help move the bed 
@binhog737 I haven't taken it in yet, still on the sofa. lol.  Getting motivated to get dressed and drive an hour to my repair guy. 
I miss HUMS. Going to the Alumni thing really made me wanna go back to school!  I want my Masters!
NEW SUNNIES!!!  Looking forward to more shopping in HK. however out of budget they may be. 
Slightly disappointed.  35:20 for 5miles is not where I want to be right now. Any tips for picking up speed? Getting over mental blocks?
Prepping for the concert tonight. Moving couches hurts my fragile body. 
At theatre. Sitting watching rehearsals. Getting butterflies. 
@BlondeByDesign Doing great, just sitting out on the back porch waiting for the rain to come and spoil the day 
Finally watchin #Taken with my lil sissy. Keeping my foot raised :/ it stiiillll hurts 
G-morining! Getting ready for the boys' swim lessons then brkfst at @Zippys. Much of the rest of the day will be dedicated to cleaning. 
Is Doing Homeworkk 
Brainstorming on some ideas to write about. Looking outside my window feeling down cuz it looks like it's going to rain  I hate michig ...
@Drusylla I'm not sure I should now. Making fun of me 
@GentleSinner Yayyy  I gots to sleep early  Leaving by 9 
Getting ready for a night out on the town. Boudros and then get some culture by watching &quot;wicked&quot; at the majestic. Passing up the fights 
Why will this cold not go away?? Making me sleepy all the time, except at night, which is lame 
http://twitpic.com/6s8y5 - He's Leaving... 
http://twitpic.com/6scjg - Drawing on the computer is hard 
Getting ready for my last day in Sydney with Michelle   Going to miss her soo much...
@desertfaery nope. Sitting inside adultsitting post-surgery... 
http://twitpic.com/6slr2 - Paying the mortgage... money go bye bye 
Long day. Looking forward to sleeping and having the fighting go on pause mode. 
Spotting a hedgehog in my street=cool. Spotting a spider in my strawberrys...not so much 
Just talked to my mom, she's 6 hrs from Louisiana. Going to see why my Oma is really in the hospital &amp; to talk about future living plans 
I'm really upset about Pushing Daisies being canceled...I know the news was months ago but 
@TheChristinaKim Looking great! You're an inspiration espacially with my last doctors check up.  but I know I can get better too!
Watching Pushing Daisies!  I wish they didn't cancel this show 
Penultimate Pushing Daisies 
Dammit, I forgot about Pushing Daisies tonight and it's already more than half over. 
Though they really ruin the tv version with the editing. Coming up next is the notecard scene and they always edit the crap out of it 
Watching Pushing Daisies  shame it is going to be cancelled
They keep playing greek sing songs at the wedding im working... Making me miss pretty axo's 
@lilmiss_xo Awww I just went to your page and saw that you're sick.  I hope you feel much, much better soon! Sending you all the best.
Tonight fog rolling in on little cat feet. Five days ago my little cat and her feet went AWOL. Looking, but still no sign of her 
Still out...want to go home and go to bed. Being the driver is not fun 
I hate being sick so much. Losing out on 6 hours @ time and a half is the worst 
Over it. Getting out of my room. Looking forward to ROVE. Back into it afterwards 
All the hotels in town are booked.  Searching again... this time I will call to check availability first. haha
wishes ppl would say what they really mean. Beating around the bush just confuses me 
Just getting clothes sorted. Leaving house @ 11:45 latest. Switching computer off now 
@bodbod I thought as much  Shame really, twas a good piece. Looking forward to the real thing though, it's on the must have list with MW2.
http://twitpic.com/6tjj1 - Leaving the big PT  first years flown by, uni family is splitting up for the summer 
Started working. Finishing a report. 
Being told I am not allowed to go up a ladder because I am little and I can fall. Sitting in front of the tv sulking 
Found some free wi fi while we are drinking Carlsberg on the harbour! Going home later today   http://twitpic.com/6tnba
Eurgh - school tomorrow. Getting up at 07:30 is gonna kill me after five days of lie-ins. 
Actually so embarassed....  Running+dance today.
Is it just me or has spam taken a recent turn for the worse? Seeing all kinds of blog and email crap. 
Tired and teary. No idea why. Cramming for exams which I feel destined to fail. Not even sporadic sunshine makes it better. 
So l guess I'm running fever. That's swell. Sitting at church listening to the band warm up..I wonder how I'm gonna tell them I quit 
lost it all at the casino. Standing by to watch K win. 
Misses Dirty D   _Going to spend time with Jess and tha family_
Is really bored.  Chatting with shakaaa!!
I wish I could go back 2 hours and not dranl that red bull. Sitting in bed completely awake and on twitter.  bummer
@NikaMohar what kind of apartment are you looking for? Renting or buying? I might have some connections .. but cannot promise much 
@icklesal :S it's thundering? Getting dark here in Ipswich too....Its on it's way I rekon 
work in 1 hr and 10minutes  then Returning a dresssss.
Starving! I guess I'll get my sausage grinder next year  Since I didn't last year... Or this year. Making ravioli and then who knows.
Catching up on earplug inventory.  Attending a memorial service for a friend's wife.  
Today's gonna suck. Running errands all day 
Completely tore my closet apart w/plans of reorganization.  Looking @ my room now realizing this was a bad idea 
@marieiris I am home. *sniff* Doing home-type stuff. By the time I got my shit together to get there it would be over, or you'd be gone 
I do miss you. Leaving tomorrow  boo. But the mother fucking laker game tonight! What son!? KOBE TIME! Going to get ice cream with jamey.
Is Doing Nothingg 
I need to get somebody's stethoscope, I'm on call tonite  Losing one is disaster.
@benpatrick90069  that sucks but K.I.M. (Keep It Moving) you have other things to do and im sure someone else you go out with wont shut
@cookiemonster82 I'm good. Hitting the sack as we speak. only 5 papers to go 
Still trying to recover from kevin smith in brantford and mels bday party in Brock. Staying up till 5am is for a much younger person 
damn forgot to look &quot;the mentalist&quot; i should sleep now.. Lying in bed and cant sleep .. Its 11 pm and at 6.30 am i must wake up 
@BuzzEdition Limiting thing, weird. 2be honest I feel the new @replies function is jail since my feed is so sparse now. I don't get it 
@Acely I'm sorry to hear that lover.  Sending you my love.
of us are getting ready to make dinner.  Heading home tomorrow after breakfast and sad to leave my mom behind! 
is so broke. Walking to return soda bottles. 
@xtini found the field and got run over by a big guy in 1st inning. Laying in bed at home with ice on my knee. 
Safaris frozen up... Doing that alot lately!! 
Is Doing is assingments 
@KChenoweth another great Pushing Daisies! One more to go. 
Just watched the final Pulling. Calling it dark does it an injustice! So under rated. It'll be missed 
@Trasiva Finding another guild to join is hard 
@raingraves Already on the site and logged in.  Doing the chat thing only though-no phone. 
Needs a yummy coconut oil chocolate bar recipe that is low sugar!  I lost mine!    Looking for new one online!
Amelie is broken in the middle, was lving it....  Staying to see if they can fix it.
catching up on email, facebook.  Getting ready to start another workweek 
watching the 2nd to last episode of Pushing Daisies....  another man from a show that makes heart jump...is leaving.
@punchycritic The IMAX is pretty amazing. Coming from the person who fell asleep at the one in Niagra 
Night everyone. Heading to bed now. Weatherman says it's supposed to be stormy tonight so here's hoping I actually get to sleep. 
Going to sleep. Getting up at 5:30 tomorrow 
Room is 'clean' ... Heading to bed ... Window washers arrive at 830am tomorrow  so much for sleeping in on my day off  nite y'all!
Sending lots of love @cgatt777's way. Losing loved ones is hard... 
Packed and prepared for return to home 
.. It's Going To Start a New Diet Routine Tomorrow 
Ugh...Seeing katbadar in blogtv was like (for me) seeing batman fail at everything... I guess some people just do it for the popularity 
I sooo need a new phone... my iPhone is bugging out! Getting my voicemail message like 5 days later can't be good! 
#iRemember Being able to dunk 
@samantharonson  rub it in. Lol. Being in oz we have to wait for it's arrival out here or download it.
im back from the doctors and have no blood left!!  Looking forward to @simonsteer1982 finishing work to look after me!!
Just watched the final episode of Pushing Daisies.  I'm sad to see it go 
The only problem with fantastic weekends is that they have to end.  Heading back SFO-ward.
@willmcneilly pants! Looking for a 2 bed flat or house and can't seem to find a nice letting agents  why's it so hard? [/whinge]
Failed at getting back on the exercise train this morning...Scheduling a jog for after work instead. Getting sick screws up my routine 
It's going to be devastatingly hot and I can't wear shorts to work anymore. Running to class is going to suck 
Off to bed. Going to wake up early to go to Manila. Yikes, it's back to school baby! 
Sitting in my doctor's office. Preparing myself to be felt up for a throat infection 
I'm watching the series finale of Pushing Daisies. I wish it weren't ending.  
Has had tonsillitus for a week now!  Getting really tired and hungry!!
Successful morning! Going to Aaron's apt. soon...not even trying to think about him leaving in a month and a half after this movie wraps. 
Trains screwed at Canon Street. Going to be late home 
@MoballerBanks I'm aight. Looking for dinner. Or anything that could just serve as dinner 
getting ready to attend a funeral for a friend through my husband's work.  Sending feelings of support &amp; strength to his family.    
@ElectricWriter My bike is in need of repair  that I can't afford   Looking forward to when I can ride it again!
no more Pushing Daisies... 
Off work for the day.. it was a good one. Relaxing with a good book in the shade. I think my pug has a chest cold.. sounds asthmatic 
The sleepover is over  Picking up my little bro from JFK later tonight.
@TheSourceress Hanging my head in shame 
@jimrichardsshow  drowning ...    Being trapped somewhere
My madre is making me drive myself to tumbling  oh well. Leaving soon then gone again for like 2 hours
Damnnn!!! The rain started, I was tryna beat the storm!! Shhhyytt!!! Driving in the waterfall 
in the airport... Heading back home... 
The english exam was SO hard, everyone was complaining. I don't think I did good at all. Looking over geometry for tomorrow   
watched the last episode of Pushing Daisies 
So bored. Getting some gas and redbull. Another 2 hours o driving  yucky
says goodbye Pushing Daisies  http://plurk.com/p/117ixz
summer school starts next week :/ This should be fun... Sitting in a classroom for 5hrs...  At least i get to see my friends!
made it to music lessons, received a new assignment to practice (yeah).  Going good. Hitting the sack earlier I got real sleepy at work 
@Crimsonmuse Getting to be that time of year? 
Falling in love is easy... Staying there  is the challenge... 
Laying down. Getting ready to settle in for the night. Wayyyy early but work tmr  bright and early sucks mucho
finding something to wear tomorrow, shower, sleep. Getting up early  but i get my phone back in the morning! gooodbye twitterers
Came back from weekend off &amp; my 17&quot; Dell won't load windows. Tired of messing with it, grateful I've a back up notebook. Going to bed. 
Missed Larty king  but Finding memo is on !!!! time to sleep and put my iPhone off !!! nite every1
Tweeting in class. Getting bored of revision. But my knowledge is still very shallow. 
Wow wtf... That's meant to say &quot;clue.&quot; Wtf is alte? No idea there. I dunno about staying in these apartments. Getting to work is a pain 
@jbfanforever94 My mom said I'd have to wait until morning. She doesn't want to be out driving at midnight.  Getting it 1st thing 2morrow!
I can't stop reading &quot;Breaking dawn&quot;!! ...but I hav school &quot;later&quot;   so goodnight everyone..
On the bus to work. Looking like the victim of a stroke 
@daintydaisy I agree! Sending her tweets mentioning ontd = not smart. I don't want ontd to die. 
I have hurt my back.  Finding moving a challenge 
All good this morning! Looking forward to another boring!!  tweet at night later guys!
posted new pic @ SC: Playing around :  			 			 				Running out of stock  http://tinyurl.com/myaopx
@isacullen No, I never watch pap videos, especially not videos like that one. Seeing the pics alone was enough. I can imagine the rest. 
Is Looking Out of the Window And all she sees is clouds  I miss L.A
Just blocked HH again.  Getting really fed up with her   Going to take Daisy for a walk up the hill now to get away from her 
Best forecasting model--Weighted Moving Avg. Exponential smoothing looks too much like Naive. It's bothering me. The alphas are too close 
@DPixel Home = work today. Sitting behind my computer feeling miserable (it's hormonal...) and trying to get things done here. 
My chest feels lumpy :S Heading off for college in 20 minutes... There's a lack of sparkle atm, and I miss it 
fighting with samsung D600. Losing 
Only 2 days to go  I am actually gonna miss school :L - &quot;Moving on is simple, it's what we leave behind thats hard&quot; -
Jst Sitting iiN College ttly bored  Home soon tho 
You just keep pushing me farther and farther away.. Leaving me with nothing.. 
As of last night...all three little fish...died.  Going back to Petsmart today to get a Betta that hopefully won't die within 24 hrs
I guess four hours of sleep is better than none after all. Making appointment to have left shoulder looked at for possible pinched nerve. 
Still working on the hill climbing. Getting better. Real test tomorrow, up Copperload. feeling good even if I am allergic to chocolate 
@nodomesticgene On Ebay of COURSE!  Going to have to order another one today.  
@stephissurreal Leaving friday, packing my house up today and thursday. n moving it to newcastle to mums. So yeah  tonight..boo!
they're just Leaving t0 DUFAN with0ut me 
@ang_w ouch  Sending plenty of &quot;feel better- feel good&quot; vibes your way.
So tired and hungry  Making my mood very bad
Still is a great deal of pain  Looking up Chiropractors in my area.
@MaccieD Making me hungry,I've only got toast! 
Nargg... Sitting at base with Trav &amp; waiting to get a new military id card, which is taking for freakin' ever 
GAH! Moving in 13 days and I NEED to start packing....only I'm crippled and can't 
@lorenita327 I have 3 small kids, so traveling to a show is not really an option at this time.   Looking forward to your tweets later
Sooo sick of school , and really upset about not going to the dance  Going too town after school with Max (:
Guess I'll finally watch the &quot;Pushing Daises&quot; series finale. 
@danielreid1 I wish I was a proud unicorn :L, Doing new layouts are mean and tiring...and I haven't started doing any yet! 
Is constantly in the worse lane while driving. Sitting on the 78 
watchin the final episodes of Pushing Daisies. 
Male talent cancelled. Looking for a replacement but to no avail. Doesn't ANYONE wanna come make sweet love to me?! 
@JayLink_ That's what I was aiming for, but any further out &amp; it cuts off the image  Looking into discounts. it says for 10+ but I saw
@iaindodsworth When is it in the app store? Searching for it now and I cant see it 
I should have brought a penknife, metal ruler and cutting mat to work. Cutting with a scissors is a bitch. 
@DonnieWahlberg wassup w ur pic? I can't see anything? Making me sad!! 
I still have not watched the Pushing Daisies finale.  Watching it will mean there really aren't any left and that it really is over 
Updating my followers - need to stop following those that aren't following me...    Looking for those that want to share
@photojennylee Biking under the influence is not a good idea  No one takes me seriously when I tell them...
H1N1 in Philippines went from 2 People to 200 in a flash. I don't think any deaths have been reported thou. Moving my Vacation now 
With autopilot system to tell you the truth I am not doing anything! Visit http://bit.ly/P5HEfj --Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Doubing Your Money /monthCheck out http://bit.ly/k4K6yc --Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Ugh. Getting sick is not the business  I have a very painful sore throat right now
@Mayor_of_Twtr seems to be twisted intestines. Going in to surgery now. Prognosis isn't great 
With autopilot system to tell you the truth I am not doing anything! Visit http://bit.ly/P5HEfj --Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Lying in bed. Getting up 9. Breakfast, then tidying  will take ALL day  hp on dvd will get me through no doubt; 28 days guys 1pm &amp; 8pm!!
Finished reading &quot;Crank&quot; loved it! Going to buy &quot;Glass&quot; tomarrow. Severe stomach pain 
Home from work, day two. Updating a client's website in between trying to rest and regain some energy. Retaining water like whoa. 
Really disappointed with the end of ER! Bringing some of the cast back felt forced and it just fizzled out in the last ep. I feel robbed 
Listening to sad songs, thinking of the old times... RIP Melissa G.  Going to ottawa to say my final goodbyes today ! 
http://twitpic.com/7lxpj - Walking back from meeting. Dropped my phone and damaged it quite heavily while taking this picture... 
Finally got to watch the last 3 eps of Pushing Daisies. What a great show the Nielsens never watched. 
Is at south point! Getting really tired and sleepy though 
@pingpingss Playing tennis helps? hahas. I also want play tennis, but never got round to learning it 
@DJRousey Looking foward to fix my broken laptop - i never thought apple would fail me 
http://twitpic.com/7m2ht - Leaving the Jonas Brothers- Going home 
isn't going home today..  Getting a blood transfusion later today and will hopefully be able to go home tomorrow.. Thanks for your prayers
I am in office.Getting bored 
Oy, another sick night, another sick day.   Heading to pediatrician at 11:30. 
So, I'll just have to order Looking For Alaska and Paper Towns. 
Ughhh ! Getting up for work. Its going to be a long day 
At work till 6pm today. Running out of things to do though! 
@azandiaMJBB Doing well, thanks. One of the jobs I interviewed for got filled. No feedback on the 2nd interview. 
Halfway to the weekend, but there are still 23 work hours left... 
http://twitpic.com/7m7ya - Sitting still on the interstate 
Just got out of the shower. Running late. No iPhone 3.0 
@kmbar make tweetdeck better? Running it slows up my computer something serious 
Wtf is up with the cold weather? Sitting in my car warming up before walkin to class. 
http://twitpic.com/7metg - Sitting in manchester picadilly-no orig glazed tho!!! 
Munchkin out of sorts this morning. Heading to the doctors office. 
Movie night with Ro was amazing! Going to bed...tomorrow up bright and early for my last day student teaching...ever! 
I'm not a fan of the 6am wake up call I had this morning. Getting braided up at the moment...cya in like 6 hours 
@acriley So sorry that you are still unwell  I'll miss you at your favourite hotel. Calling you shortly with verbal chicken soup.
At the doctor. Getting a shot  then off to work to work 8 gruesome hours. Hopefully this day speeds by fast
is chillin at the house ! Getting ready to go to my bball game in a little bit ! I'm still super mad that i cant's play in my game ! 
In Portugaaal! Leaving soon tho 
Fired...again.  Moving on!
@alexisderailed sorry. Being made to to physics 
Since the knobbly ganglion burst earlier my wrist is desperately painful... Driving home was a gritted teeth affair 
For best anti-cancer boost, cook carrots whole! Cutting them up allows more nutritents to leach out 
On my way to work and got a flat. Sitting on the side of the fwy waiting 4 AAA 
In the shuttle to p/u my car. Pouring rain and oi had my car detailed today 
@stephiebayne wow I'm sorry!!! Driving 4 hours does suck!! 
@PinkSilverWolf I wish I did!  Lol!  Being in an apartment I don't   Sad!
ugh, and the evil step-mother strikes again.  Counting down the days until i get to go home .
had a very productive day. However, I still have to work tomorrow.  Looking forward to Teen BS tonight. 
Much emailing etc to do tomorrow. Getting through it all slowly but surely! Have decided I don't like Moodle much from what I've seen 
I wish Ned could undead Pushing Daisies. 
Listening to beautiful classical music. Getting my butt kicked in cards. 
Just got home from work. Resting.... went to doc today, still having headaches but they'll get better..... 
Getting ready for Exams, Coming up later this week !  WISH ME LUCK , And for sure i wish all of you luck!
Just saw the last episode of Pushing Daisies and I feel empty inside. 
At the airport massaging.. Getting sleepy 
Watch your favourite TV shows on PC anytime, even at work! Visit http://bit.ly/xuBPvG ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
is super sleepy.. Staying out laate on a school night is not such a great idea 
i think you're right. I'm missing you a lot today. Kicking myself for not sleeping in your bed until you got back this morning 
In 12 more hours freshman year will officially be ova  ... Looking foward to this summer!!
@sxzgoddess13  i hope you feel better my friend. Sending my love to ya!!!
Just saw the last episode of Pushing Daisies 
#comm310 I am working on the design of my website.  Doing a lot of design in photoshop...kind of slow 
 you're ironing early! Going out? Probably karma for keeping me up past my bedtime. Knackered.
So something is wrong with my dog. Staying up all night to watch her and get her to the vet as soon as they open. 
I wish I hadn't waited until 3am on a night when I've been drinking to watch the series finale of Pushing Daisies. Biggest letdown ever 
so I lost my phone on the glof course today  Playing the wsop 2k buy in event tomorrow but updates are gonnna be few and far between
Last day at work today...Moving from the city will be sad 
Its so weird a feeling. Staring at the bowling lanes but not gg forward to have a game or 2... I miss bowling 
Needs (yes I'm needy) *hug* before going to work.  Looking around...my kitties can kiss me but can't hug me 
@mostafamazen Staying for the weekend need to sort somethings out 
Not a big fan of being awake at 8am on my day off. Making a ginormous effort to go back to sleep. 
Thanks to everyone for buying our album yesterday! Getting ready to head up to AliveFest. Heard it's REALLY muddy there.  
Shattered, can't breath, all snotty and fluy. Staying in bed. No concert and no aftershow party for me tonight. 
I hate it when I wake up before my alarm goes off. Getting ready, packing, and then off to the airport. 
so. my poor boss got hit on her bike by a taxi yesterday  Running her computer to her real quick.
The Cav's have left the building.    Looking forward to next year!
The start of a meeting-ful day. Pushing 9 meetings today 
Off to work... Running late 
no luck at sleeping last night either  Going to try Ambien &amp; see if I can get my internal clock back on track. Insomnia sucks!
@mishypoo Sending good vibes your way, I'm sorry to hear that something seems to be unfolding in badly 
Be Fully Equipped To Make Money With Forex Trading  go http://bit.ly/U2VamQ :]Moving out and leaving Wallace 
 semi driving west bound on 91 crashed-drove through divider and is now on 91E. Side. Sending my prayers!
Watch your favourite TV shows on PC anytime, even at work! Visit http://bit.ly/xuBPvG ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
Thinking that the feed posts a lot of shit but it saves me from having to go to their site. Heading to work soon  unfortunately
@penguinloverwoo me too! So sore. Moving furniture plus DDR equals bodily harm 
Why is this ost file taking soooooo long? Getting bored sitting here 
Oh fun.... Moving into new office soon. 
Offically miserable .... Sitting in the rain, cold n hungry plus my bf doesn't want to chat with me 
Watching scary moving, still very tired 
Ungh!  Replacing my bikes battery took more work than I thought. And it's hot out and I can't find my riding shirt 
@DynamicDiva42 Coming up soon! I get along with Leo's but relationships never work cause they can never commit/flaky 
Ugh. Getting my eyes checked. 
@MeganCurryJDLLM It is a nice day...  trying to figure out how to get out of the office for a walk this afternoon.  Looking unlikely.  
Just found a great job! I'll apply straight away! wait...Closing date...5 hours ago 
... I feel sleepy  Getting ready for track practice.
This is so weird. Being back here makes me miss it so so so much 
@laurenfidler ure getting a haircut? Where? When? I need one. Getting to look like. Yeti 
On bus. So tired. Heading home. Accomplished almost everything I wanted to! haven't checked twitter from phone, too expensive. 
Being young really sucks...... : Being young really sucks......  http://tinyurl.com/lfbt2s
Is tired of working. Getting fustrated!     #BSB
@Crazy_Connie Going batty but of course I'm a nut! Breaker keeps kickin' have to turn a/c off 
In rapid city, sd. Getting ready to head to rehearsal for my baby bro's wedding. 
@PepperBlueBerry Opening cages is easy. We learned to lift latches years ago, now ours have LOCKS.  What's hard is doing it w/o birdNOISES
Its hot... no baseball practice  and arm still hurts. Looking forward to elevate tonight.
So tired... Coming home, but im missing burn notice 
Watch your favourite TV shows on PC anytime, even at work! Visit http://bit.ly/xuBPvG ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
No more free #semtech2009 vanilla lattes...    Making do with the coffee in my hotel room...
Hoping things will look up. Getting discouraged... 
Just finished two 429 classes. Doing my hw till wdtd rehearshal 
Just typing now to get to 400. Being silly. I hate surgery. The meds are cool but not being cut open! 
@eliseyac and @asianleprechaun I'm right thee with y'all. Growing up def cuts down on midweek concert trips 
Already missing Pushing Daisies. Watching the musical numbers on youtube. 
@DrJaredThomas d'oh! Doing lion king on sat.  not around tomorrow afternoon by any chance r u? Going to look @ car near there @ 3ish
new to this. heading to bed soon. booface is snuggled all alone. 
@dudboi oh no... But isn't C leaving like really soon?  oh god shall have to fb message you! Running to bathroom now
lm so tired slept awful  another busy day ahead as well. Looking fwd to my evening with my boys xx
I am hungry. Skipping lunch is not funny 
hu hu. Leaving without saying goodbye. 
@smashxmouth666 I'll miss you too  tonight was sooo &quot;goodie&quot; with everyone though. Looking forward to tomorrow!
Morning All!  .... Getting ready to go to work... Wheres my coffee gone? 
My house here has an echo now  Its scary&amp; depressing  Heading to bed shortly exhausted and drained...Its more in the head than anything.
Morning all. Playing catch-up today on all the little jobs that got pushed out all week. Not looking forward to it 
is really really angry, but aslo tired. Running after a sheep wielding a knife is not a very sane way to start the day is it?  
I'm up but not in line for a new 3Gs  Running some tests on the online store
Snapped my fav guitar pick the other day. Playing just isn't the same anymore 
Is Actually Missing Doing Dramam 
@x_manda_x haha it's only 1pm here, such a shame I cannot join u in the pizza feast. Settling for a yoghurt  xxx
My best friend is graduating. Moving on with his life, while i'm still stuck in high school for two more years. This is sad. 
alone at office...Getting bored.. 
Dead like me was such a great tv show, why did it have to end?  same goes for Pushing Daisies.
Checking my roving this morning and unfortunately it felted. Looking back I think it was felted when we unwrapped it last night. 
just cant seem to shake it at all  Getting worse when it should be getting better...
Never drinking again. Head Hurts. Still Drunk. Going Wenzels. 2 steak slices is the only cure.  x
Lights off. Work done. Going home. Sloooowly... Too tired to think about tomorrow. 
Realizing I should've taken the whole day off. Falling asleep after the event. 
is still confused on this twitter thing!!!! Relaxing today and back on call at 4am tomorrow! 
@markhoppus nothing that interesting. Sitting at boring dead end job.  
2 anyone who was offended by my previous 2 tweets: im sorry  Coming from WA (land of overcast) cloudy days=depressing, sunny days=happy!
My bantu knot out did not come out right at all. Putting my hair up anyway.  Another style that is beyond me.
Furnace people left. Be back on monday, no AC this weekend.  Heading to Paulas moms for dinner. Anything going on tonight??
But it's nice to have a house empty of loud boys! aaaah. Relaxing...and now I have to leave and run errands 
@txflygirl I agree! Walking out your door at 7am to hot humid weather isn't pleasant  via http://twib.es/CKJ
I need a mac.. Seeing how the jailbreak software is already out on it... 
An injured bird was on my doorstep  Would YOU know what to do?! http://bit.ly/PbO5U Arranging for a pick up/drop off.
Officially on my way to the hospital... Getting lectures from my sister the entire time. Wow, I don't wanna go  fml.
I'm not a fan of tonight or this weekend. Getting over my stomach bug, but will be first weekend without @jdwcornell in 2 months. 
The Mets are really socking the ball. Knocking those homers over the wall.      #rays
@EvelynBayCoffee Heading out now! Hopefully we don't end up in Kansas after a tornado! 
@AcornatLarge my jeans are too big now... Running around hospital, eating heaps, apparently makes me lose weight 
Locked my kids outside.... With my cell 
Packed so Much today and there is still so much stuff 
Running out of battery .. 3G swallow it... Returning 2 twttr from home. Later! 
@teejayhanton I might have been! It works great when you use it, but I've been out of the habit lately. Paying the price now! 
woke up at 7am on a saturday! What's up with that? Seeing my bf in a few hrs! 2 weeks was wayyy to long 
Off to drive 12 more hours.  And it is raining...ugh.  Driving home from vacations is depressing 
woke up at 7am on a saturday! What's up with that?! Seeing my bf in a few hrs! 2 weeks was wayyy too long 
Packed and ready but feeling like shite still! 
still hasn't slept, No-doze FTW. Looking foward to happy Trevallyn drinking times. Not looking foward to another 6am start. 
@rainbow2018 I know  This played up R-M drama is ridiculous. Looking forward to the day R/K out themselves &amp; w/ the finger salute to boot.
When did I become a law abiding citizen? I just bought a train ticket... Getting old 
Last walk on the beach... Leaving this a.m.   http://mypict.me/4D13
@prendergastly I'm doing okay! I know! I couldn't go. Bringing squinty to the airport. 
Graduation party today. Getting everything ready. I still need a need a name for my kitty 
LOL .. SO do I!! Getting to hot here for afternoon rides  @cmpinky61: @AlphaMares You too darlin..wish I was on a horse..hehe
is Leaving new mexico 
Where's the sunshine?    Getting ready for my day!
@HellenBach Getting more jealous by the minute.Only had half of cider 
making me money on autopilot..Visit http://bit.ly/DK5NGU ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
@jtbritto Doing pretty well, besides the tons of rain we've been getting the last couple of weeks  You?!
Halfway there! Atsmmtatpammmy  imrenbikis -.-'
@kenthorne yeah, heading northbound on 75 is crazy right now.  Heading to Cobb and vznav is no help right now 
Tiling the kitchen, Fixing a water pipe in the bathroom, cutting the grass, washing the car. You know enjoying my day off! 
@hazey88 Heading home tomorrow 
College Woods and GPS just don't get along. Looking for the last geocache in these woods now that the first stage is fixed. No signal. 
Jealous of everyone going to #NCVS.  Looking forward to following the coverage via tweets!
Is in need of a full body massage. Carrying subwoofers hurts afterward  praying for a rained out showwww
Storm knocked out the internet.    Sitting at McDonalds paying 3 bucks for 2 hours of internet.
Feeling a bit more human now, in the old days one nights no sleep wasn't ever missed this much. Getting old 
@applejecks So sorry to hear that  Sending virtual hugs
1st part of project completed in record time. Now to head home and wait for the call. Heading back at night. 
Packed up our ski condo, ready to sell it if I don't find another executive job 
@pilky What? Flipping heck that's just .... *curses quietly in corner* thanks for the heads up 
very tired w/ a headache  Staying awake for an entire 24 hours isn't as fun as it may seem. lol
peace and quiet never lasts. Heading back to work 
That nap didn't feel long enough  Getting ready to head back to work and contemplating the likelihood of a possible night out?
i'm stuck on checkouts. Going crazy. Massive props for cashiers and hatred for cashiering. Want my dept. back now.  
@TRACYMCGRADY1 Looking forward to seeing you play again man, I read you wont play for the first month, that sucks  How is the injury?
I want to be out on the lake right now. Sitting on the trampoline laughing at people getting shoved off. I miss camp 
@SuperDPS We wussed out.  The on again/off again rain was a turn off. Kicking myself right now.
I'm sad! Sitting in airport waiting to go back to the cold weather at home! 
Just woke up. Getting ready to take a shower and do last minute packing. Holiday's too short 
http://twitpic.com/7yhvc - Heading to the dodgers game. Stuck in traffic 
@Jahoclave lol They've got too much control on other things though. Cutting the text-to-speech was betrayal of their disabled customers. 
@G_Mad Looking for a gem in Hattiesburg?  I tried last week and found nothing.  
Today was an awful day. It can't get much worse. Doing shit then hitten the sheets. Surely not the response wanted.  nite twitter loves ;)
Pocohontas is a really sad movie  ! Going to sleep. Breakfast w/ dad and the sisters tomorrow for Fathers day.
What about me? Lol  @CullenHouse : Dedicating my 700th tweet to @valwears @LindsayCulle
My poor baby just needed two staples from a gash in his head. Playing computer games proved to be dangerous tonight . 
I miss my panda pillow  Laying on the floor with a bunch of weirdos. I love my lifee
@samitbasu This week added #novelrace some 10k, plus editing, revisiting, relooking, researching, re-everything. Losing wordcount track 
I think im sick or something...i feel wacked. Laying with my kitty and trying to go to sleep 
Dreams have left me hot and bothered. Looking for chocolate as a substitute - as good as it's gonna get it seems 
Finally home...Yay! Getting a dang headache  G.nite twitter fam :-*
Playing the guitar....having a lazy morn. Hanging with mother today, no F1 for me. 
Ugh! Doing my english homework, its actuley really hard .. I cant think of what to write .. im deffo going to fail 
Going for two in a row again. Getting busy with Isagenix, signing up new clients daily, pretty exciting. Now if we could win a few games 
Still in major back pain. Finding it hard to walk. This is quite serious now. 
Gaaaawd. Splitting headache! h8 it! i.want.icecream.naow 
Packing to move to Phoenix.  Getting divorced    but it'll be a fresh start for me.  Leaving in about a week!
Is about to leave the beach. Coming home 
3 day weekend over. Walking to work. Tired. 
HIGH: Getting to hang out with the 785 crew this weekend.  LOW: Going in to work today. 
Watching the last-ever Pushing Daisies 
Ugh... Making me help clean up after major house party last night. No fun  ps what's the emotigon for great anger?
Hangover. Decided against finding cure at coffee shop. Sitting in empty house, in need of company, and conversation. 
@zunited Your site is down.  Upgrading/Changing stuff?
On the plane. Heading home  as much as I don't like miserably hot dallas. I don't wanna go home. 
This is what I hate the most about seeing my family ... Leaving them. Its like freshman year of college all over again. 
Zipper flower fail   Moving on to next project. I'll try the flower again another time.
I am soooo bored. Doing stupid history homework. 
Just updated ubertwitter its constantly updating. Sitting in the beer garden talking about how everyones moving away 
Trying to think of reasons to leave my warm bed. Coming up zilch but have to get up anyway. 
Poor Demi...  Going to see The Saturdays tomorrow! Excitement!!! 
Just saw that video of Neda... Lord!  Going to bed now with a dull feeling...
My power is out? Wth. Going to the muny tonight. Miss my someone. I hate not knowing when I'll see you next 
Closed! Heading the 34 miles back to Pampa. 
I'm falling asleep on the counter. Literally. Resting my head on my arms and pretty close to sleeping. It's so BORIIIING. 
I'm fuckin sick.  Damnit.  Laying down  maaaaan
At Mountain View... Going to school soon 
Up...I still fai lat sleeping.  Doing absolutely nothing today. lol, sitting at home ftw.
Car trouble!  Getting towed! 
0105 in the morning .. Chatting with peeps .. I miss the fun with shipei !! 
They should've made a series 3 of Pushing Daisies 
@TreeFalldesign ooh yes, need wine. Running around driving kids all over place til about 9 so have to wait 
@DonnieWahlerg Sending you the the biggest TWUG i can ;) Come back down south 
completely missed the team lunch today. Staying up till 7am does that 
thought we had all the feas taken care of but the kitten has fleas.   Fixing that right now with flea bath
http://twitpic.com/87mh8 - @ddlovato Leaving stage  best concert ever!
So bored. Playing cards with myself while I wait to go swimming 
waiting for Looking for Eric to start. Cinema never gives you enough salsa 
Sitting outside at Starbucks. Getting ready to go change and head to the closing rally. I can't believe How It Ends is almost over 
It's hot. Doing some laundry! 
Just finished eating my spaghetti, turns out we're out of bread so I kudnt make my garlic bread wah3x!  Finishing my 1st pass thru my ipod
Out... Playing tennis on the freaking sun 
@rwxrwxrwx me neither. Doing some really boring query optimizations instead 
@sarahdope *hugs* I wish I was there to hang w/you. Seeing my parents loose theirs was heartbreaking for me  I still miss them everyday
@KLHingley i've noticed this also. Making me feel left out. 
@wendilynnmakeup I hope it does well after what happened with Pushing Daisies. 
Raising Children 101: Never let a 6 yr old get his own drink. Moving the whole fridge to mop under it is NO fun 
@KarolinaGirlX Pride is free. Looking FABULOUS costs money! 
On my lunch alone  I feel so lonely. Hitting up subway
I think I have an ear infection. Pooey  Looking forward to the weekend however.
I MUST run tomorrow. Moving overseas has really messed up my workouts 
Truly needs to go to bed earlier. Losing interest in this second internship. 
@hannahnicklin I find it impossible to sleep past 8am. Sitting at train station now... 
So, 8:10am, and I'm aworking. Making up the lost hour yesterday from that silly joiner 
Morning all. Getting a bit worried about my cat, she is starting to act a bit odd 
taking nap but some nonsense call wake me up from sleep! &amp; Running nose makes me difficult to breathe properly 
@cupcake79 Should  but won't. I'm such a masochist.. blah. Trudging through the end of this textbook chapter first 
Headed to the airport hella to early!!!! Dropping my family off  house sitting for 4 days
I have got to stop going to bed so late! Getting out of bed this morning was soooooo hard 
We're just about off to the airport.  Shutting down my computer is always the saddest part of any trip.    *sniff*
Shouldn't have gone out last night.  Moving at 8am sucks!!
Feeling sick... this happens when I don't get enough sleep... Running on 3 hours! 
My room is so sad and empty  Moving into my new place tonight! Then home for a long weekend. Yaay!
So glad to be back. Looking forward to weekend with all my favourite girls. Have to go unpack now.  @sophiejam - I miss you.
@nadiaparry Fine thanks, its a bit colder today though.  And overcast.   Looking forward to weekend though!
Walked out of Transformers last night. Seriously, dont waste your time. Such a disappointment.  I loved the first one.
Transformers last night was great! Coming home to find that the transformer on the pole behind my house died again not so great 
Last day in colorado  it was everything expected and more. Leaving for home around 930 to 10 pm
My lil ones are gone for the summer  I shall miss them. Now... time to focus! Moving on...
Last day in colorado  it was everything expected and more. Leaving for home around 930 to 10 pm
Finally doing the buisness ethics re-certification.  Playing catchup 
I'm soooo sore right now  This better ease off in a couple of days! Stretching isnt even helping!
Going to the dentists again in half an hour, then it's all over! Looking forward to this weekend if my hayfever doesn't ruin it 
Packing to leave beautiful 1000 islands.  Staying in Syracuse tonight, then home tomorrow!
Very sad and Hoping for a miracle and a good sign  Going to church to Pray for Big brother...
@stuckindagroove i cant believe he would do something like that to you.. Getting ur heart broken is the worst thing ever 
@utterhip I haven't been on in days sweetie, I just started tweeting. Resting trying to get rid of a mean headache 
A true icon has left us......    Sending a prayer to farrah's family.....
Time for breakfast and then off to work. Going to visit a musical tonight. Looking forward to that 
Today was good  Going to shower now. Then watch Family Guy.
had an awesome day at work! Getting paid for what you love possibly has to be the best feeling EVER!!  
@bronte_saurus Being a grownup with no responsibilities is awesome, though. 
On the way to work! Looking forward to seeing @hollykins83 later! 
@kirisutegomen4 doing my best  Looking forward to the upcoming Aus shows.
@wearebutlins it takes time to remember, i spent a lot of time using the trash can!  Looking forward to Thurs 
10 days til new Pushing Daisies 
Eel! 12 noon and it's the first tweet of the day! Getting withdrawal symptoms! 
is going to read Howl's Moving Castle which is awesome 
@YourSeth Driving! 
Is at work. Doing lots of paperwork. 
Just woke up!! Getting my top braces off today!! 
is going to watch Howl's Moving Castle before attempting to draw the castle. Get me in the mood and all that 
@VKLawton just work in general..using a PC doesn't help either! Looking forward to seeing your smiling face later though 
Sister grace's message made my day! Looking forward to see her little solomon this sunday! (I hope.) 
@apophistoledo everything going well at work? Getting monkeynuts up and working? 
Feeling yucky! Getting furniture delivered today  exciting!!! Really windy and cool  out and I LOVE it!
Just threw his FM tee on! Heading to school! Its such a beautiful day, time to do some hard-work! 
Confession: I'm not going to the game tomorrow. Hanging out with my mom here while the guys go. She's just tagging along to see me 
Reminiscing is nice. Hanging with the softball girls 
@laurence000 Brighton is good in the sun, other than that I've never really cared for it to be honest. Not sure why  Ja! Moving to KBH 
w00t! Sitting on a plane. Next stop DTW. 
Weekends are nice! Getting ready to photogragh a few models, then maybe a movie. 
Done with my test. Thank god. Going to meet with my aunt for lunchin dallas 
ahhh soooo beautiful out!! hot sun = me + bikini!  Laying out allll dayyy!! 
@amber_benson http://twitpic.com/3i1d0 - Sending healing thoughts 
I like tea! Then tonight... Pinky out... Going to the symphony for Beethoven: violin concerto with my daughter 
Tired of waiting. Going to the Flying J for a shower &amp; food. Ham &amp; eggs sound good 
Excellent first show day, well worth doing and lots of fun. Looking forward to tomorrow 
Lovely day!  Heading to my hair appointment at 2:30pm then hitting the gym! Xo
With all my work done, I can now go out to play. Looking forward to a night with my favorite girl. 
@JanetGomez-me too!  Your bio is similar to my bio  Looking forward to getting to know you!
I did it!! Seeing 17 again 
I think I have the new version ok now. Just committed a couple of bugfixes. Wrapping it up for release 
Going to TIger Direct.  Going Mobile. 
@SupremeKnight I'll tell ya what I think in a little while. Getting ready to start it now. 
@KrazyCeltic Looking on the bright side! That's the way to be. 
Getting a nice nights sleep tonight! Sleeping in tomorrow too!!  Considering going home...no decisions yet t
So sunburned! But what a fantastic day  Riding and playing with 20+ dogs (and one who decided to pounce on me after rolling in mud haha)
@passion4skating I know  It's just great to be able to hear ideas from people like you.  Getting to share ideas and urls is great.
@alyssapoppin  that's my girlfriend alright. Running into walls.
@NathalieCaron Getting married this summer 
@MsUnitedStates Thank you so, so, so, so much for supporting us tonight. Looking forward to a new friendship!  #gnonyc
Just ate some cantelope. Getting offline. 
@lalunablanca haha. Yes. Looking forward to it. Before kicking me out, if it helps any, followcost [http://bit.ly/EBaI8] says I'm golden. 
&quot;The Climb&quot; is such an inspirational song!  Playing guitar= ?
@chezkevito Looking forward to seeing your clothing range on Zibbet too!!  
@yaOHya Flexibility is one thing I really could work on. I nearly dislocated my shoulder playing golf on the Wii LOL. Getting old I think 
@jasonperryrock Perry you are the best prducer who is producing my fav bands - Blackout and McFLY! Looking forward to your next project 
@biancaconsunji excellent copies  I love this kind of resurrecting things on pictures! Looking forward to more in the future!
@lovskogen Interesting page, I must say. A lot of definatly valid points there. Looking forward to Win7 
Cara: Looking forward to my sunday roast! 
Hopefully this works... Doing it from my phone. 
is loving how much she got to sleep in today.  Getting ready for church now.
@catherinemarche Congrats on your new shop opening   Looking great! Wish you a lots of sale!!
@WSPNews I'm with ya! Pinning retirement hopes on the actress in this family, she's 12. 
Nice day in NY. Going out for some breakfast with the family. Wearing the logo gear of course.   http://twitpic.com/3lhgp
@LDHP Traveling and Tweeting...isnt it fun 
Gulping down my mint tea and swooooshing out for the afternoon. Bringing my notebook &amp; camera. To be continued... 
@DarrylParker Sure.  Looking forward to some R &amp; D myself 
Just finished packing.. Getting ready to go fishing 
@Juliansavage I'm good  Getting ready for exams starting tmrw. haha. how are youuu? :]
Just come back from a lovely picnic and LONG walk from Virgina Waters!! Shattered now... Going to have some peanut butter on toast 
@paulsaunders -- well it's nice to meet you too!  &quot;Turning Passion into Profits using video&quot;  
I think I'm going to make me a spanish tortilla; Bringing me back to my roots. 
@TheLadyJane Finding some new tweeps 
On Frame 1577. Now2rest. Going to buy some crisps and watch Arthur Askey 
slow down, you move too fast. You've got to make the morning last. Kicking down the cobblestones.  Looking for fun and feeling groovy. 
@skaterbean heading to Innovations later...we should party there 
@fthomas137 Thank you for following me: I really apprecaite it! Looking forward to your tweets! 
At work but I get off at 13:00hrs. Sun is shining, I'm feeling great.Going into town later on. Few more days to go and then VACATION!!!! 
@huppy Thanks for the encouragement  Looking forward to a good future as a result of happy customers
Going star-gazing tonight with hubby! Bringing tripod &amp; camera along, who knows, I may be able to get some star trails 
@PaulaMacKay Running in the hamster wheel! You? 
drank too much last night- bleurgh... Looking forward to tonight though 
@cece_newnew Making you smile and laugh 
@jonwoodward @leawoodward Wow - sounds exciting! Sending you both lots of positive vibes for your future plans 
@andysowards Far too short as usual  Getting a DB error when I try to check out the links I realized!
@temposhark Do you still have the &quot;Winter's Coming&quot; harpsicord demo? I imagine it sounding so beautiful. I'm a harpsicord sucker! 
@markdotto Who takes a nap at 6am? Pushing through 'till 8 is more appropriate. 
I am in english, we have a sub, everyone is talking.  Opening night of the musical-2 days!
@thebloggermom great job! Replacing processed carbs w. fresh fruits and veggies is the key to sustained wt loss w/o hunger 
Just got back from the city, interviewing 'Stomp' was awesome! Getting ready to go back to the city now to go backstage 
Today I'll work all day at Phonera. Bringing home the big $$$!!! 
Just got winter gloves and a neck sock. Riding at anything &lt;80k/h = positively toasty 
@startupmba I'm going to test out the theory tomorrow at lunch &amp; hand out copies of Getting Real to two buddies, give em 2 weeks to read 
Excited! Excited! Going to meet Imam Prasodjo tomorrow. 
Headed to the gym!!! Getting an early start on EXERCISE!! 
ProTools keyboard arrived, wooooo. Going to pick up Claire's parcel from Royal Screwups (Mail) then back to play 
Not tired, rather refreshed for a tuesday. Bringing a vitamin water to make up for monday. 
@ClaireBoyles Not as bad as it sounds. Just dull and repetitive at the moment. Getting there though 
40 minutes till lunch, will Time ever speed up? Looking forward to catching up with an old friend over the Lunch-Break 2day 
@JimAlger those Congressmen/women should talk to @ZnaTrainer, she'll have them ship shape in no time.  Leaving time enough for golf too 
Getting ready to go to wedding... Looking forward to catching up with the Phie clan, and seeing two great people exchange vows 
@MillZz what u doing tonite? Resting for ur Gangstaa nite @ the tavern tomorrow? 
GOT THE JOB  bring it on express. Going out with emily and Matt. Concert was awesome. you guys rocked it!
I'm totally excited! Looking into getting a motorcycle! And then I can go on an epic road trip!!! 
loves 3 day weekends....ahhh  Hanging wiff friends tomorrow!!!!!
@drop_d  Being busy as good, as long as you remember to play. 
@LimeIce Converting 'em into shorts (for home wear) is a good idea in summers. Just be careful next time with expensive stuff 
@hexenwulf You can always has JDM.  Coming right up
Today is the day p!nk realises I AM the one for her!! Leaving in 4 hours fuckkkkk! 
ok my fellow tweets, aim me [ L A V I S H L Y Y L I F T E D ] it`s cuddle time &amp; i`m tryin` to get Tucked. 
Ran a few miles.  Now having my morning coffee.  Gearing up for the final 7 hrs.  
Halfway home.... 
@TheBandBlake bet you are all shattered aren't you. Making me feel extra guilty over how lazy im being now 
Sister's boyfriend birthday.. Heading to the karaoke place..  and (maybe) a late birthday treat from me? Huuuuu
Doing a charity ride today for families of officers killed in the line of duty. Turning gas into noise all day long 
@suesshirtshop Was very busy! Looking forward to doing whatever I want today, including nothing! 
Halfway through  roast chicken and chips MmMm now we're talking any takers?   http://twitpic.com/4ecnm
...had a great time last night with good friends. Heading to my store early to work on my jewelryeidoscopes: http://tinyurl.com/cwphmb 
http://twitpic.com/4eirx - Leaving Fenway  awesome ballpark
packed and ready. Heading up to @barcampla in 10 mins. Leaving d300 at home, bringing leica 
@justajew and you bought me an ice capp too  @pmharper re-patriate khadr already. Hiking trip was win (:
http://twitpic.com/4eng7 - Picked up my free comics. Getting lunch 
Testing out twitter on my phone... Walking to INSALATA for my weekly salad! 
@TKDLibrarian wow! I'm sojealous! Seeing wolverine later, but no pig roast!  have fun!
I'm happy cause I get hotel rooms every weekend   Sitting with Vinny and coaxing him out of my shorts.
Making pizzas from scratch and just made chiili sauce  Getting hungry now.
is laughing at how big twitter has exploded. Looking forward to spending the day with my dad to celebrate his 50 years of life 
Given up with tile's dns the day. Heading out dns food  must remove tile adhesive from hair first 
About to go home. Fixing some really old pictures on photobucket since i can't get on myspace. 
Its the historic day of my birth! Going to disneyland with Smiles and bowling later tonight!!! Soooo excited 
Another school day for @bellamari so I've been running around the city with our baby boy. Hitting up the motorcycle shops mostly 
Working for Toi24hFox 1.0...! Coming soon 
@mattsmind  Digging the riff in that one. I have no idea what they are saying but hell, what metal song really can be understood? 
Night At The Museum - totally adorable. I can't believe I haven't seen that movie before now. Looking forward to next one 
@jslutz oh sounds fun!  Only a few more weeks until we get to see you guys!  Getting excited!
@AcornatLarge testing hormone levels again and had to wait for a bit. Getting em done before 9 
@rosehwang It's not my puppy   Doing great
Morning All! Looking nice again today 
Everyone is talking about food on here today, LOL. Hopping in the shower, then I'll think about breakfast/brunch 
@JaytFleming Another good one, thanks!  But had to hum loudly through Heroes bit as still not seen quite that far. Getting there.
Going to work today = not so much fun. Going to see X Men with Matt after work = tons of fun 
Up and at 'em. Going for coffee downtown at 11. Much to do. Life is good this morning. Can't put my finger on why. 
@CentCaps Heading to a place where I can sleep, walk around freely and laugh a bit with a good friend 
@KrisSiejJ__XX__ aha okay! Thx  Going to look for it later..
BUBBLE TEA !!!!  Going To Church 
wirting my report, humming &quot;Everytime&quot;by Simple Plan.  Looking forward to go hiking next weekend 
@JoeMiechowicz I'm very well, thanks. Winding down for the evening 
@RandyM I'm feeling great on this #sensualsunday, thank you! Winding down though - the clock just struck midnight here 
Focus: Getting the salon clean &amp; ready for the day... and Eblast updates! 
the sun is shining today.  It is going to be a great one.  Getting ready for church and maybe some McDonald's 
Cleared out one fourth of my room. Moving soon 
On the sunny side of the street. Walking to have coffee with mama. 
is busy these next few weeks. Finishing up projects and finals! Then camping/backpacking! 
Fantastic day outside!  Getting some sun 
You stop following me while I follow you, and I'll stop following you. Doing a check later tonight    Just got out of the shower 
just made bangin' smoothies with her little brother! Getting things together for tomorrow then relaxing for the rest of the night 
@etherjammer  I'm doing good. Getting kinda late here so I'm getting ready to head off to bed actually. 
@KristieW77 Coming up! 
Finished my school work for the day  Finishing up laurens bday gift!!
@wabster yes you are and thats a good thing. Looking forward to sharing some more tasty food and wine delights with you guys...eventually 
Spent some time with Bobby.  Going to be shortly.
Not much. Getting ready for a long day of school 
Getting tired. Lots to do tomorrow. Closing the night with 'Shrek' &amp; baby girl. 
Going to see wolverine today, then star trek on friday! Getting a watchmen t-shirt and some posters! and thus begins this weeks geek out 
looooves her hubby! Looking forward to a day off &amp; then finishing this thing up this week! 
Just got home from visiting the temples. It was really, really hot outside. Getting ready to go out for lunch then more shopping! 
Super duper tired. Going to sleep.  listening to the iPod.
http://xkcd.com/577/ - today's xkcd  Looking forward to daily updates this week! 
Morning y'all. Looking forward to a nice BBQ today. Can everyone follow @RebeccaMasters please? 
Just woke up. Making breakfast 
Just got home from school. Doing assignments. 
@alandavies1 diggin' your moustachio! Looking good daddio! 
@XKirstyxo Basket Case is mine  I miss it.. Going to have to listen a shit load now
@AllEarsDeb Ditto that for me!  Staying inside warm and dry today! 
Still Doing Grench paper and still getting distracted 
@Stephkerchner heard through the grapevine that we might see you around today. Looking forward to meeting you. 
is still amazed at the awesomness of last night. The discussion was great! Looking forward to a great week! Only 10days until I go home 
Reporting form IIT Delhi : Rains just started here..Picking up speed...Providing welcome relief to all hostels!! 
It's my birthday today  Running the mile tomorrow ughh. But then choir concert 
@declercq I thought you might like that  Getting ready to see me in a few weeks?
Worked out for about an hour.. nothing to hardcore. Sitting in Starbucks waiting to start work 
Is sick. Staying home because that's what Levy said to do. 
Getting ready to launch the podcast of chapter 1 of &quot;Turning Left at Albuquerque&quot; this morning. I know you're excited - so am I! 
Feeling really good about my performance on the AP Government &amp; Politics exam this morning.  Going to lunch with Krista.
charlie and the chocolate factory, in the mood for some johnny depp, then bed. Preparing for a 14 1/2 hour wok day tomorrow 
Just got up from a nap.. Relaxing for the night 
@JoyofZen Doing okay. How are you doing? 
Parrrtty!..Playing twister and getting tipsy!...well everyone else is lol 
Aight, pau au'au... Heading to the Blaisdell Arena for the Ladies of the 80's concert!!! CheeHee... Awwrrite!!! 
Oh tonight... Looking forward to it 
@sporkbot Wasn't it totally awesome?  Seeing the rebooted crew was so nice!
That was a fun show. Grabbing a bite to eat now. 
@WCharlie I'll register the first thing I wake up tomorrow.  Looking forward to be back with the forum too!
@muumuse Thanks, Brad!  Looking forward to chatting with you too.. btw, like your new pix! 
Prom is so over rated!! Irritated... Going to bed goodnight 
@kjofficial I'm sure you left the audience awestruck Katherine. Looking forward to reading some wonderful reports. 
@trainright http://twitpic.com/4vgzy - Moving is great, especially if lots of them help. 
@BrookeDavis_x I've got my essay plan written out now  Looking for a couple of references, then I'll get writing!
Revision continues. Getting so bored and tired. I can't wait to get out and do interesting things. Only a week and half left though 
@katz20two Looking forward to the new vid! 
I sang every song that The Killers Played  Except for two that I was a little sketchy on
I smell like a homeless person. Finding my car, shower, going to see my mommy. 
is getting ready to go on-duty. I am covering a live gig of the band &quot;The Orchestra&quot; formally known as &quot;E.L.O&quot;. Looking forward to it 
Activating #mothersday phase two: Special home-cooked lunch comin' right up (hopefully). Firefighters, please stand by. Doing dinner, too 
@psuperstar welcome back to the hood. Getting used to you being around 
@Magnum74 Playing with my new kitteh 
Exhausted! Going Home  i'm pretty happy today!
@cv31 thanks for the insight on the game! Looking forward to the next game 
@esmeg So why no more adult beverages? Getting to silly and thinkin bout strippin on the weekends to support your habit LOL jk 
@christinekambo Sounds great! Looking forward to seeing the photos! 
&quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot;: what a great song. Putting it on ele's trip playlist; hope she doesn't take it personally. 
only has like 500 words too go  Getting close.... YAY!!!!!
time for Benny's 1st walkies of the day   Looking like another lovely morning...
Having some fun in Fruity Loops. Going crazy with the tune making.  More coming soon ;)
@ankoduizer I planned to do the same, no need to join the queue  Heading for Rdam too.
@eithrael Yay! Looking forward to your #HNT. 
@Echtenbruck many thanks for our common Marathon Run! It was really great, YOU made my day  Looking fwd 4 a next developer-run with You
at work  Making a broschure about excercise. That's so much fun!
@DavidArchie Daviddddd! Adjusting to the time zones yet? 
I just sign on to twitter! Looking forward to learning more and making friends on twitter. I using the BlackBerry Storm wish me luck. 
On my way to the airport...man it's early! Heading to Charlotte for the weekend for work 
I need to get my hands on al lthe t.A.T.u music after Dangerous and Moving 
800 words, and screen shots in under 30min, that has to be a new record for me. Moving Image assignment done, just to finish radio 
@1sweetwhirl I'm just sittng here being a good boy, behaving myself. Staying out of trouble 
Sleepy but awake.  Looking back at the chick in my bed and smiling 
Sleepily getting my day started.  Dragging this morning, but coffee is flowing.  We'll see what happens soon.  
@khuranakaran 'optimism is usually hopeless'. Ouch. Running through a bad patch dude? 
In math class. Totally lost. Playing a concert fri night.. &amp; 2 more sat &amp; 1 last one on sun  life is good. Stressful, but good.
@LadyProducHer It really does! Being physically fit and having mental clarity is very important to my creative flow. 
http://twitpic.com/55se9 breaking out my old pitchshifter hoodie for tonight run. Running from stormont home. I'll runkeeper it 
On the verge of breaking down. Driving to racine then back to whitewater with good company. 
Wow.. 2nd service never ceases to amaze me. Seeing so many people bursting in, some even running, jz like getting into a boyband concert 
I relized I love Dan A LOT. Going out to eat with him then just chilling. (: life is going good 
@Aboundlessworld Cutting the cord. This sounds promising!! 
is sleeping in the new apartment tonight! Moving the rest of our stuff tomorrow after work 
@scott_tracey Sending non-infectious productive vibes, bb! You can DO it!! 
@mr_billiam legend!It will be really interesting with many oz leaders there!  Looking forward to wed with you!
@ScotteeTee Yay!! Getting ready to welcome you home 
And acting like nothing's unusual. Looking at me with a wtf-is-your-problem-feed-me expression heh 
@SarahJAnderson I love you Sar hahaha. Your voicemail cracked me up  Looking fwd to lunch trow 
I'm beat. Calling it &quot;a day&quot;. Ariversdirty! 
@Prince_Cloud: Looking forward to Diablo 3 as well. Haha. Nakisali sa usapan. 
@edrecovery  I understand the need to wake up first!  Looking forward to your thoughts and right on so far!
Dalekman is Going to Breakfast of Waffles 
Out of shower. Getting ready 
With Jordyn. Going to the Eastfield mallll soon. 
Over the bridge to daddy's house we go. Dropping off granddaughter for day then into office for awhile  http://twitpic.com/5d2d7
The big kahuna is increasing eCPMs for all our developers. We think we have the magic to make it happen  Coming soon...
Perfect weather this morning. Sitting outside eating breakfast-drinking a blueberry bannana smoothie. 
@lebeaumonde I'm begining to think you're really lazy. Seeing as I'm downstairs right now, but you tweeter that instead of telling me 
Thank you everyone who came out to the shows this weekend! It was fun  Going to Jonny's, I'm sure we will find something interesting to do
Favorite party about last night... Getting attention from guys while you sat and watched! 
http://twitpic.com/5dded - Making meatballs 
@mamasvan Moving? um.. er.. I am washing my socks that day.  I think I have a  prior engagement too.   Moving far?
Hot day here in southern california. Sitting outside enjoying a glass of iced tea. 
@India_Insights Looking forward to impressing you 
Never have had the bud light lime. Heading to sams club now. Going to enjoy the sunshine. 
@Sammana Excited to meet your for lunch and get pedicures!  Getting ready now 
sitting at home in Medstead. Relaxing 
Spending this evening with feet up on sofa to ease pain in back and hips. Doing some work with something nice to drink as well I think 
well, lesson yet again - no doing #followfriday while multi-tasking at work.  Sending a special mention to our own PDX local @upsgurl ~ 
@PartyPleaser Releasing demos on your re-issues is a very good idea. That is what gives value to us fans and money to you. 
@codycomposer Wish I had a deadline to have to keep!  Looking forward to hearing it!
Pau hula, tahitian in a little bit.. Laying out in the sun for now. 
@gauravity there is that too, but still need to pay the bills ) Sticking to my day job for the time being 
Riding on the train.... Riding on the train.... Siting next to bbbuuummmsss... -thanks family guy... 
Olive garden was good. Seeing uncle bill was good too 
&quot;Jumping to conclusions made me fall away from you. I'm so glad that the truth has brought back together me and you.&quot; 
@taylorswift13 Leaving Amos and kara's wedding. It was beautiful and there were candles. It was very &quot;happily ever after&quot;. 
@davidcoallier Looking forward to meeting you at #tek09 
Long day. Heading to bed after the two and a half hour movie... Angels and Demons... Amazing movie! Wants to go to Italy so much more! 
@kazdreamer I'd say get my best side, but I DON'T HAVE ONE.  Ah well!    Looking forward to seeing you!
@DwightHoward Congrats  great game!!..Looking forward to the next series!
bored... Switching to music video channel. lollipop from lil wayne is a better way to start this week 
@wngreenway about time you wrote to me!!  Looking forward to it too..&amp; the holiday!!
Working on an email form. Turning out realllllly good. The code looks so clean 
@3thbi Gmorning brooo  Doing alright walla inta shloonik
just keep moving.. just keep moving.. just keep moving moving moving! 
Just getting ready to feel the air outside... tweet, fs and fb break muna....  Balancing my way of life that is 
http://twitpic.com/5f1zu - Putting my lg voyager to good use also Muffin 
Off to go waveboarding  Hanging out with friends. be back later 
today is the day! Heading off to my first interview 
@__MissB Looking gorgeous! And I love the colours of the bracelet 
@lecrab Welkom. Doing business online klinkt interessant 
At work. Getting good at doing these coffee rounds. 
Eating M&amp;S mini-chocolate teacakes to keep my spirits up. Solving the new @BritishMensa puzzle in seconds doesn't hurt either 
@Bill_Ironside my upstream is visibly the best it's been for weeks e.g. better than prior to last week's downtime.Going 50meg soon though 
Exams this week, tomorrow and wednesday  Looking forward to my weekend break in Newcastle 
@dorothy1985 Hanging around any sperm banks lately? 
I'm tired of Plants Vs Zombies already. Going to have a rest now. For the day. 
No Howl's Moving Castle @ Mediamarkt.... --&gt; ordering it online 
Testing Tweetlater. Getting tough to keep up w/all the follower emails. 
finalllsss ewwww... Leaving for school right nowza 
@Allmarine Offshore fishing is about to take off &amp; we are very excited. Getting two new boat motors and night fishing lights put on boat 
Morning tweeps!! Another nice day in Florida. Going to Animal Kingdom today.  love it here!
I can't go out because of the sun.. but I noticed I haven't watch movies for a while. Finding neverland sounds good at the moment 
@postalguarelas Your welcome! I am having a great day. It is a holiday here  Chatting with friends on twitter then will finish painting 
Goodmorning twittersphere! Finding a good topic for my picks today.  Any tips?
just booked a one-way ticket to Magaluf, &quot;Leaving, on a jet plane! I don't know when I'll be back again!&quot; 13 days! 
@cityguyyoga Thanks for following  Looking forward to some great tweets from you 2 
Watching Home and Away on television! Looking forward to see Patrick today 
twitter is sooooo confusing  Getting ready and then spending the day with my boy!
@CSI_PrintChick Rest up! Looking 4ward 2 some 140 character stories! 
Beautiful day outside. Getting interviews scheduled. I like getting things done 
ready for another wonderful week   Looking forward to Bailey's Graduation!! yikes!
@TrollNation Be safe and have a great time on your odyssey, Jordan! Looking forward to your tweets along the way. 
So tired... Getting ready for juries. Just gave final speeches. Working ball game tonight, then practice. Then sleep, hopefully! 
@inrsoul @lennel ok! I will reload it up!  Doing that now.
@grapejellykelly Heading to Weho! 
@tildensky you know what's not easily forgotten? Coming through for someone when they really need you. You and Jess rocked tonight. 
is planning for the weekend.  Shutting down soon 
@nishitd I think it's gonna be fun. Looking forward to the tennis tweets 
Solid swim this morning.. Looking forward to stepping onto the track for the first time today 
Feeling heaps better this morning  With an incredibly beautiful day here in Terrassa! Looking for cabins along coast for family in june!
Is listening to Iglu &amp; Hartly (as usual) getting ready to meet friends for lunch and drinks in BELFAST! Going to wear white jeans 
Just created the account and logged in for the 1st time. Joining the hype 
25 hours to cram like I've never crammed before! Cramming doesn't even work for me...doh! 27 hours and it will all be over! 
B left. Watching Mr. Brooks by myself. Getting freaked out. But @mrskutcher is lookin good in it 
@jamie_oliver http://twitpic.com/5n28s - Gnarley teeth! Hours of entertainment!  Looking good!
Just get a cup of coffee and go on!  Playing on summer some stuff...
I think some major relaxation is in order tonight. Staying in, keeping warm and fading out 
@alton_towers A perfectly timed tweet. Looking for newsletter inspiration on LMT half term so will include you in 
+ @papadimitriou go #tedxtokyo  Looking forward to watch recordings later!
Heading out to savannah for the day.... Getting tattoo work done 
@radhikabajaj the 'women are rockstars' feature sounds very interesting. Looking forward to the program on it 
Learnng a great lesson that we all have the ability to be truly healthy, Looking forward to this weekends raw food meetup 
too tired...gotta catch some sleep.Looking forward to TINK later on..Knighty-night! 
was trying to bind footer value in grid.Getting exception then came to know that one can only set footer after binding the grid 
On facebook  Looking at other people's photo's and cheking up on my updates 
it's very cold out there at my office . Lined up here are wide range of cycles promoting commute to office thro cycle  
is building a CRM system for a client, really interesting and they will be very pleased when its complete. Looking great 
is meeting with kyonnae at the bus stop  Getting my car soon 
@golansleepweed Staring Squirrels, great name for a new company 
@lilyandlime  Finishing the decorating and chilling out.  No kids next weekend so hubby and I are looking forward to that 
@missmim Making friends wherever you go  Leaving pastors in your wake 
Looking forward to this nights double party! Counting down for &quot;take off&quot;... 
@countroshculla @zeqox @fsiyavud @roshinroy  Guys, #Coktup sounds a bit like that, but its good to get attention. Playing on Minds 
Headed to work. Running a bit slow this morning. Its going thp be a good day though... determined.  coming up, gas then work!
Standing in the elevator wondering why It's not moving. . . Pushed the button for my floor, now it's moving. 
@harriyott - Playing with in windows using fxri.  Seems easy.  It's gonna be a geeky bank holiday!  
Graduation rehearsal was soo much fun. Getting my biscuits and gravy on at peach valley! 
It's a beautiful day  Heading outside now!
It's going to be a lazier day for me...  One project to finish then the day is all mine!! Looking forward to it....
Early morning at the Bookslog. Khan last night with @gbwilliams was awesome. Looking forward to Sonrisa and Field coming home tomorrow! 
@gamerbabe360 LOL. Tying 'em up and gagging 'em would be cheaper, love 
Envious.Coming back past Brighton racecourse, I saw a guy going into the allotments clutching a large bottle of beer. Gardening, my arse! 
@auntchrisbronx Thanks!!!  I'm Plant Sitting for the week.
is so happy to finally have this is her hands!  Getting things you wished for are just plain L-O-V-E! (heart... http://plurk.com/p/vhvyg
Wishing the afternoon would pass quicker!! Falling asleep. Looking forward to seeing my little neice tonight though 
@foodiemcbody Not only are there too many but reading them is somewhat addictive in itself   Looking for the &quot;answer&quot; I suppose.
Just woke up. What a nice day outside! Getting ready to go do some shopping! 
@SheilaS Looking forward to it 
@jproberts58 thanks for the warning. Doing alot of driving this weekend 
Free cups of tea are the emotional/beverage equivalent of a hug from your mum  Looking into releasing a double A-side, thoughts?
@digitalfemme thank you for your time!! It was so nice to meet with you. Looking forward to our next meetup/tweetup/girlgeekdindin 
@barrie Hanging in there  Put it this way I don't think it's swine flu!
At work - bored to death.... =( Looking forward to a noon departure!!!!!  
@Billie0127 word!!!  Looking forward to it!  
@TreeinCally sounds like a good day ahead... Looking forward to meeting u 
We need to start a riot. K. Doing nothing. 
Holy eff. Blink is touring with fall out boy and panic at the disco.  ah im so going.. Getting a bath then work a 9 hour shift tomorrow.
Watching the food network. Searching for a job. 
Alllll packed! Leaving at 10am 
@wbtenor haha. Sitting in pit of #greygardens so response time is fast if  I get the tweet between songs. You know how it is 
Showerrr &amp; bed. Going to watch Pineapple Express 
You're welcome. Looking forward to seeing photos of those 30-plus-inch trout! @muskokaoutdoors  thank you for your #followfriday mention 
Chillen with Ice G!  and the hoes. Heading to ohl in a bit.. I think a mosquito just bit me...
hates buying expensive and low quality lunch in the city. Packed lunch ftw! 
Parents are fighting. Fantastic. Getting a wake up call from the bestest person ever. 
Morning. Where is the sun? Packed day today, time to get cracking! 
@BrewCrewBabe I do. But lips are mostly sealed till the conf  Coming to #SPC09 conf 2 find out all abt it? Enter the comp win a pass!
WOOOO Going to see Coraline 3D today 
@thespeckledpear I'm getting all excited and it isn't even mine! Looking great  Excited for @charmimsy
@wfaaweather Looking good tonight, Pete!! 
@mundoo Sending you chocolate thoughts.  
Oh my! Due for an update: Going to NYC for 4 days - how's that?  (&gt;_^) xo
@pdxmikek Yup! Moving sqrt(8) blocks (for the non-math inclined, that's 2 blocks south and 2 blocks west; about 2.8284 blocks directly).  
&quot;Cookout&quot; by @boburnham is hilarious. Passing it on to all my buds 
TGIF I am ready to be off for the weekend.  Going to UCYC with our JR High, and excited!! 
My bloody valentine 3d... Sitting with @amanda_mosh with these fancy 3d glasses on right in front of the tv... lol redic 
Day off tomorrow. Going to enjoy a nice lazy morning, and then try to get some sfuff done in the afternoon. Yeah, busy day for sure! 
@ddlovato Living easy, livin' free... Season ticket, on a one - way ride... Asking nothing, leave me be... Taking everything in my stride 
Finally SUMMER!!! Moving my stuff out of the student flat and then heading back home for 3 months!! Totally awesome 
Getting ready for @bldgblog, @warrenellis et al at the Architectural Association. Going to be a fantastic day 
@twinkle47 Wow, I haven't had a personal milkman round here for a long time. Getting a bit nostalgic this morning. 
@JaneBegger Leaving Moscow when it finally gets warm? 
I hate idiots.  Speaking the language and NOT knowing/denying your history is a disgrace.  Moving forward *with my badass* &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  
Sleepy... Getting up early tomorrow to hangout with somebody.  Funnn
@david_sinclair Looking forward to it though, been a while since I had a break! 
Todays highlight: my mom shouting up the stairs &quot;it lays 1000 (NOK) on the counter for you. Be good.&quot; Getting about 6000 more next week 
@MissChanel931 U wanna meet up with us after ... should be about 30 min? Meeting @genepark, too!  Leaving my place now ...
Morning. Staying up until 3am - maybe not my best ideal. Still in bed of course! Thanks for follow Fridays all you lovely people 
The beginning of friday traffic.. Heading to GI 4 a long-awaited/planned dinner w/ the &quot;ducklings&quot; 
