Most common words for this cluster:
[('girl', 1032), ('boy', 356), ('gossip', 90), ('lol', 76), ('http', 43), ('oh', 39), ('u', 38), ('woman', 37), ('haha', 36), ('com', 35), ('night', 31), ('amp', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'girl', 0.8853740096092224), (u'boy', 0.810278058052063), (u'teenage_girl', 0.704454243183136), (u'teenager', 0.6733458638191223), (u'Dog_mauls', 0.6650702357292175), (u'woman', 0.6636180281639099), (u'kid', 0.6475616097450256), (u'vulnerable_Frangipane', 0.6470600962638855), (u'DEAR_MISS_LONELYHEARTS', 0.642390251159668), (u'micheal_jackson', 0.6407020688056946)]





@defsound aawwwww i know what u mean. iv never been that girl with a sense of humor 
Hates hearing his girl being ill, nothing I can do though 
just put a bid in for signed panic at the disco poster, unfortunatly the fall out boy one is already over my limit 
i just did the sweetest ol boy, he was 88 and telling me about when he was in the war 
@NathanaelB awww no fair! i is a big girl but not a big boy!  you will be sorry when i bite u on bum! then u see who is big playa
The perfect girl for me is sitting in a cubicle next to me... unfortunately she's already taken 
Going to have a lovely day at court pleaseee go easy on me judge! I'm just a sacred little gay boy 
I'm sad to hear the news of an 8-yr-old girl who has been missing in our area - her body was found last night - Prayers are needed 
watching happy feet and missing my girl 
dudu was too naughty to sleep , what a bad girl 
@mommy2yaya girl, don't wanna think about a cruise with all this water around me, lol... under flood warning... 
nomisc girl i did not go out with george  FFFFFFFUUUUUUU
@strawp some silly girl turned away from the cottage, loudly called the black doorman 'ni**er' - we were all gobsmacked 
shushhh girl...shut your lips...reaaaallly missing flowers for algernon right now 
I miss my little princess...it seems like she is always gone 
i'm bored i see my love with other girl 
@girlidene really? is it the one that is in the shops now?? i have been busy looking after my boy he had an op on weds 
@builtonsecrets  thats coz were bfflz... she wouldnt care if it was some random sienna girl...
seriously now , if you hear a 12 year old welsh girl called ellie/talia is dead i can't believe it but it will be me  trying not to though
@elizabethtan yo girl! don't  alr ba! (:   cheer up!!!! (:
done watching gossip girl :| now what? 
got overruled by birthday girl. going to ihop.   really wanted a belgian waffle from silver diner.
sad my girl just woke up w/dbl pink eye &amp; a sore throat after being around 15 kids ystrdy @ her bday party  
loved her horse ride - being assaulted by stable boy not much 
@uhhkyliewylie no  this woman was wearing a turtle neck. haha
@chrysalisceo terrible transition from ska... but pretty woman is a good chune 
spice girl extravaganza....wish i had someone to enjoy it with 
I really miss good sex. Actually, I kinda miss sex in general... 
I am not doing v much... I have a snotty teething toddler clung to my leg and screeching at me..   It is quite hard to move  
@KittyKatKards OMG... I am so in love with this. If only my mom was more of a girly girl 
speaking of missing things, I miss my little girl somethin awful. I hate that she couldn't come with. 
After having just picked up my sobbing little man from nursery maybe I should offer to switch places with him! 
@lilyroseallen arrrhghhhh my fav woman is so close but cant communicate 
@NBATVAndre ouch !! shame on you  ... you are being a bad boy!!'' chillin in my neighborhood and didnt hollar at ur girl
Our little boy has his first taste of nursery today 
If my girl ever left me for someone less hotter then me i'd be devastated! 
The girl infront of me on the train crying 
@bubblegarm oh no!!  poor girl! and poor you too!  i can totally understand why you feel that way, you are so creative! x
gossip girl made me cry 
@_amyy parents cut cable off, ive missed so many gossip girl episodes ! 
watching gossip girl, I really need to be a millionare 
@missladyswd girl i just saw your twit. i'm workin but that game was sorry....they lost 
got gossip girl season 1! too bad i can't watch it til friday 
@vandy_girl lucky u!, one more week for me 
@naomimadeleine ahahhaha okaaay ;) gossip girl finished  i cant wait till the next one hahaa. its so cold :| xxx
@Djalfy mine hasn't been that long since I was 6 and a boy in my class stuck bubblegum in it! 
@LATHumphrey I dedicated my drunken pokerface dance to you and then some black girl threw some boes and knocked my drink out of my handd 
What's to do when a friend call you in the middle of the night crying and there is an ocean between you two? I feel helpless for my girl 
 this guy thru at least $5 worth of change at this poor girl on stage,i gues she pisd him off but that's so screwd up
At the boy's little bro's 21st. I feel old. 
i think it's time for bed. can't believe i've already finished my gossip girl dvds. shattered as. 
No!! My school gossip girl got shut down! What ever will we bitch about now !?!?  I think i should start a protest.
Just smashed my irn-bru glass! I'm bloody sober aswell!  boy-o-boy!
Oh my god i just had a sex dream about a woman. 
I have the worst abdominal pain ever! U kno wat that means ladies. Ugh... sometimes I hate bein a girl 
Wondering how it is that my little girl already looks like a young woman...eh 
i was at the studio with my girls had fun im missing rave though 
@LouPeb me too  She a pretty princess @babypatches #pawpawty
i dislike t-vo it won't let me watch gossip girl 
That movie WAS sad!  the boy in the striped pajamas. So sad.
@stoya i try to keep my mind open, but, i cant understand how a so much beautiful girl like you can be in the porn industry. so sad 
a very very very bad woman stole my mom's entire bag inside the church! 
Just listened to radio programme about anorexia, one girl was so thin had to go into hospital when she was 8! So very, very, sad 
Oh and helped up this super pretty girl; if came and thanked me again just now; too shy to introduce myself  hope to see her again
@alonalona My stepkids....boy 3, girl 10...and then an &quot;unofficial&quot; boy who's close enough to my stepson who's 6.  I miss them!  
http://twitpic.com/4h7ox - how i miss being a school girl! 
@ShaynaMarisa_24 heyyyyyyyyyyy girl, doing my usual, tryna study 
why is every fit boy you see related to you    ???? it does NOT make sense
@bella0210 club was alright but i was about to be the bad girls club up out that mug! details later!! lol &amp; yes I miss my lil man too  lol
@yvonnechristina and soon enough i will. u will be like damn girl, i dont want to shop anymore. 
I had 2 twins and a peach and a kid now i lost it all. I have nothing to live for 
@joeymcintyre Wish me and my girl @baileyhottie could be there, but we live toooo far away to make it  We tried to win the contest tho.
@jenny_lovee ayyye girl! whats wrong 
@theseawithin no   the girl who made the purse did make me a pouch though.  close enough until i find my dream wallet
OK so i am finally starting on this 4 to 6 page paper. . . so happy school is almost over... baby girl just went to sleep and i'm tired 
@girl_is_poison i want to go too. But mine doesnt want me to go without him...and there is always an excuse why we cant 
Craving girl scout cookies like crazy! But can't eat them, cuz I'd have to offer them to my obnoxious roomie. I don't want to share!! 
@apcoyne You got it girl just two left!! then over!! I'm still working on my last paper    I believe in you!!! pwn those finals!
@TreenieBean hey girl!!  I'm so happy for you and the man!  We need to do some mail trade sometime!  I've been so busy with school 
@AcetheActor I think gonig with any girl to a mall is a bad idea dude 
the broken spirit of an enthusiastic little girl is a sad thing indeed. damn vastness of texas!! goodnight. 
darren is such a daddy's boy...it's cute, but i miss him being a momma's boy 
Most sleep deprived weekend everrr! Lamesville pop. THIS girl 
how long should a girl wait for her man to grow up and deal with being in a relationship... love is cruel when is it going to be kind!? 
@nuttychris no your a naughty boy. lol your mean 
free girl talk and lupe concert at my school..too bad they wouldnt let me and my friends in cause it was full  lamee...
@JMash2009 boy u crazy I needa batman 
nude pictures of rihanna leaked.  poor girl. she's not having a good year. oh, and creepers, ftl. trufax.
@playcrack awww bb girl. 
is a naughty girl and has been neglecting both twitter and you 
@_nothing_girl_ I'm sorry to hear that.      and thank you! &lt;3
@PsychoBeauty aww i just feel bad for you.....i hate to see a pretty girl sad 
This girl on cold case has the exact same face as @maggiehorn tryna take a pic but phone batt too low 
@spahkleprincess just muted my computer.  that's hard to admit when i'm a knight girl.  
Never got to sleep in, got up @ 0600 to a crying boy who wet his bed 
Ugh the stupid pizza girl song is in this episode 
@judez_xo i dont know what jenny from gossip girl looks like  haha
@cosmicxdancer That's so true. I hate when people do that. A brazilian girl stole one of my pictures. 
is missed gossip girl yesterday 
My little boy woke up to 5 mosquito bites he is swollen up 
bibi comments!!! I miss that girl  
i luv that boy soooo much but he dont luv me like i luv him. 
is cooking pikelets for my lil girl who isnt feeling so good 
bed time! i miss my cuddle boy 
 no mel in religion, i guess im spilling all my boy stories to jackie tomorrow.
I am the girl anachronism. 
@ddubsbostongirl they played dirty dancing right b4 you said you finally got urs to work girl 
@mandyluvsjbx3  aw girl i am seriously so sorry i wish i could do something to help
@ikle_pattikins omg I know. I read saw that too in that girl's post  what a dick.
@stuiy. omfg i know right! wtf is up with that! my girl didnt win 
@bubblegumneko man. I went to go shower and there aint no towels in there. They live in my parents room so i have to wait til mornin. 
http://twitpic.com/54ml7 - Thinkn bout my boweeeezy!!!!!  j/p girl @manthaheartsu look @ the pic of sinatra WOOOOOOOOOOOOOW!!!
i'm very disappointed in the gossip girl i watched online last night  all is not right with the world.  stupid dan humphrey.
@andifoo I'm so sorry girl!! I hope fin feels better. I know how scary it is!! 
@sunshin3girl This is true - I just wish F1 didn't have to attempt its own self-destruction for it to happen 
@BrodieMommy sorry girl  hope you feel better!!
@Beautifully507 hhahaa!! yeah..u know im clumsy girl... 
@elaboratedream haha..good girl gone bad! why arent u following me anymore? 
@jervae I agree with you on the soulja boy comment. But that's where the music is headed. I feel sorry for the kids who listen to this? 
@woman1zer haha noooooo! I need to make sure that I DON'T have it for the beach! I put up with that last year. 
At sequoia waiting for my friends to get here  glad I'm an independent woman!!
forgot to tip the pizza delivery boy because he was too hot for his own good. called back to try to tip him. I hope he got it. 
@CargoCulte  when I get home from the bar, I'm gonna blip three girl rhumba before I pass out.
finished watching &quot;the boy in the striped pyjamas&quot; a few minutes ago. feeling very verklempt. schmuel was so precious. what a sad film. 
@quarrygirl ....near...far...wherever you are....PUKEPUKEPUKE...bring on the humanpopsicles.  sorry girl  hope it's over soon!!!
At a roller derby match, a girl just got hit hard 
@zaren i can't imagine not getting the princess bride or python 
@doniellemorris oh gosh girl!   How painful!  You have my prayers and I hope you feel better soon!!
@shaneheadboy you follow a lot of brazilian girl, why don't you follow me too? 
Night y'all. I wish I had a hot muscle boy to cudlde up with, but alas... I'm alone 
i missed the first half of gossip girl. 
nearly at the end of gossip girl (: i don't want to season to end though 
@buge oh boy. What's happening 
.. girl who has had a crush and just wanted to be with them. man, that was long. tweeter, make your replys longer 
looking after my wee girl the day she is not very well 
working 10-3:30 again without my girl  but i get to see shannon when i leave!!
Why does the girl tell me to try two pairs  of trainers on? I always end up getting both 
oh mystery boy 
i try hard to be very nice girl and he cant appreciate me 
last gossip girl tmw 
j. is gone now.. miss him already  now i'm going to watch gossip girl i can't live a day without it. sooooooo excited !!!!
Oops...being a good girl last night was completely unsuccessful 
@DNACowboy I watched her play soccer, it was hard cuz she didn't have the best game and was sad, I hate to see my girl sad 
heyy heyy just watch my girl and xried my eyes out lol  x
EMBARASSING! Accidently just used the woman's restroom and checking myself in the mirror a girl walked in 
Wishing I had my boy toy...well man toy here with me!  guess umm shower and do homework instead of doing him! LOL LOL 
@onedivaprincess yeahhhhhhhhhh and the butch girl almost got me 
Going to be sooo sad becuase my boyfriend dumped me 4 another girl 
@princess_sHiRo enaknyaaaa 
@marcstyles but still, baby girl had the war stories attached to her, she took a bullet many a time and saw many great beats 
Waiting with cake is the worst kind of wait! Where's that boy that distracks me when I need him!!! 
i miss dancing like mad girl  what stopping me? my swollen toe!!!
@Farahbeth woo-hoo for a big boy carseat! boo-hoo for sunburn 
@MariahCarey working and hoping my little girl gets to feeling better 
I need help.  It's a love thing - I have a boyfriend but I think I might be liking another boy? .. what to do !
@princess56 I feel you  I don't want to move.
I just want to have sex with you 
the boy is paying for his bay to breakers shirtless adventure with wicked sunburn 
boy has chickenpox, for crying out loud!!! only just got my daughter well and back to school 
@LisaLavie girl that tooth is a killer mine been tryna come out for years and it gets me sick everytime it trys 
Oops we forgot to send boy 3's cassock in to school. It's a big holy festival so he probs won't be allowed to sing 
@LstInTheSeeThru  time to noopy dream then girl, i know u're eyes is read now,hehe.. hwa i'm confused many hottie pics to follow! haha...
waiting my a girl whom love me very much 
@terwillig_girl ow hives, that's horrible 
 I just waited so long for the finale of gossip girl to download, opened it up and it was the wrong one! They posted the wrong link! D:
@PrettyinPink_x3 also heree....to hooot...and I have to study  sigh I'm listening to the song in the gossip girl final scene..so lovelyyy
Its friday. I miss bikini girl on idol  [W!$3_dud3]
@tepachoy hahahah. i know right!!!! because of that one little girl, H1N1 is here... 
last nite the 7 year old girl i was looking after said she thinks she's fat (she isn't in the slightest).  god that's depressing 
@SherilynMoon  boy do i have more sexual racist news xxx
@demifan_danix3 I was fine a while ago, but I think my girl, @HeartMileyCyrus has a problem 
converting gossip girl for ipod (: but its taking forever!! 
Cramps make me hate  being a girl 
I wanna see my favorite girl...must finish paper first 
its not lookong good for my boy lebron 
The only other girl on copy desk is leaving. 
I miss the pink wedgie woman 
is truckin home with my tanker boy! wishin someone else n thier dog was w us tho 
@EdHV sooooo sad  I knew a girl who ruined her life doing meth....
that really sux about mikes lil girl 
@christy7840 u considered those nice girls as sluts  That made me sad u generalized a woman into that category just cuz of a bikini..
@misscole74 girl u n me both!!! I'm bad bout driving n texting!!! 
random breakdowns suck. i hate being a teenager. 
It sucks bein the girl who gets ready fast. 
@ddlovato you cruel, cruel girl...we have to wait... 
@One_StepCloser i didnt know you had to txt in  to get princess  awww
last night got some very sad news my bff's little boy is in hospital for treatment of cancer 
@Taigur cute name but it reminds me of this evil girl who goes 2 school in riverside  lmao jk
I feel bad for the girl crying in the back 
@selenagomez i am a girl and I just want to meet you and share a bond with someone like you and demi.. I won't get there though. 
good-fucking-night. I miss my spanish book and a boy 
@overpopulated I love it  This one girl did this really cool back bend or something and I had a seizure, it was epic.
@DoubleDgirl09 oh girl. i'm sorry to hear that 
haven't watched gossip girl in ageeees ! and need one tree hill season 3 . god i'm so slow 
@mrskutcher just checked library website and girl with dragon tattoo is checked out  
@katiemoffat I was never a good stereotypical teen 
Why cant a girl just like me for who i am and not whats in my walet? 
i'm so sad, because my beloved boy doesn't online, i wait for him everyday.. 
@nursebettie666 he is the meanest lil boy ever!!!!!!!!!! When I was a lil girl everyone loved me 
@gina_pina_14  Not good!!He wouldnt like his girl flirting with his colleagues,would he?
@EsmeACullen AWWWWWWW you totally rock...I felt all  and now I'm the happiest girl eva!
@SoSimplyMe. I'm sitting here with this girl that urk my nerves damm yo 
@dwsomers samee well i aint a man i am a girl obv nd i am 14 lol   i aint no1 special or not famous or rich  wish to be tho xx
@stacyshow gangstarr exgirl to the next girl, nas one mic, hold on i still can't listen so i guess it dont matter 
that little girl still holding her phone while tears are pouring out of her eyes 
@siiyu she could have been a lost dog  poor girl
i dreamt about monsters last night.  like a little girl.
poor baby girl chloe is freaking out because of all of the noise!  She so cute and pitiful hiding under the middle of the table!
i want to see the next gossip girl episode! 
@GirlUSoCrazy lol girl I cannot stop!!! I am a student, I can't afford $14 a pop eyeshadows. But I am so hooked 
my laptop broke, who wants to help a girl out and take me to best buy this weekend. please ill feed u. 
@ClintonSparks I told u I tried but 88 said it was 2 late  cause the girl I was with took 4ever 2 get ready. they wanted to meet up by 11.
This is beyond terrible...my friends 18 yr old daughter jumped off the skyway bridge this morning. She was a beautiful girl...such a loss 
@MandyyJiroux ah it doesnt work for me  but i just want to say i love the beach girl, you guys are acee! england loves you (: xx
@arian_marie hey girl i'm sorry about your loss. best wishes 
aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying, it was so sad 
Ahhh feel sorry for that little girl  can't watch her crying xx
@gfalcone601 I know right  Poorpoor girl! It shows why they shouldn't put young people in competitions like this though (.....) -
This week has been so lonely without gossip girl xoxo 
Awww that lil girl on bgt :'( when they said she didnt have time :'( that was soo sad  and them huggin her 
school and the guy i like was talking to the girl i cant stand at all!!  ppl are just sooo...ughhhh!!
man, i ain't been without V's presence in a minute...i feel like a lil kid with no momma 
wanted greg pritchard to go through     what a silly, sobby and hopelessly dull little girl hollie steel is?
hollie steel on bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch...poor girl. 
but this little boy still makin me  work during the storm!!! 
Everything is cool now. I wish the boy was able to talk. 
@kerryisonfire i just went to find that unity girl on bebo, i cant find her! i fail at bebo stalking 
Sometimes black girls just piss me off like a mother fucker! 
aw now where's that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public? i miss laughing at her. 
And other girls come over... And my boyfriend forgets that I'm here 
@shanadhillon i am a jersey girl and i was hoping you were going to go for the bon jovi lyrics there 
going to see a movie with my girl! last chances before college 
@mdotperiod the paini feel inside girl about my team  its called hurt lmao
@xc_girl o yes and escape the fate. I wish you could be here 
@ShannaPace as soon as the girl walked out of the room she darted and we immediately noticed she took a vest. couldnt catch her 
just as i thought.... sex it is 
so... apparently he LOVES his girlfriend (at least that's what everybody say) which means i was just another girl... 
You know who I haven't talked to in awhile... @fakerpattz. This harem girl is feeling neglected. 
@vanessa986 ur crazy girl and I would love to have some ciroc right now! im so sad 
i gave this girl i like my from first to last hoodie cuz she was cold. now i can't find her 
I want to hold my boy   http://twitpic.com/68ram
http://twitpic.com/68rbm - Seriously, how am I gonna sleep without this sweet boy 
missing a boy  guess ill go to bed
feeling better today.... cough slowly dissapearing... bubba girl still sick though! 
connor just left  now me and bella are watching the boy in the striped pajamas 
Wish the red haired girl at stubbies had stayed 15 more min. 
@WollemiPine No the saxophonist  was on last night so he lost like the girl dancers dammit ! 
i feel like a real mum  the lamb needs me 24/7 but im only a teen!
giving advice and missing my boy 
@smhhg lol girl I don't blame her I don't know what it is about skinny jeans but they fit me well n I'm willing to spend a lot on them 
@daaku oh boy I am missing not being there 
1 hr and 15 minutes down - boy this is going to be a long shift 
My brother said to most hurting things you could ever say to a girl, especially to me ... I'm now in a very depressed mood 
@thesearemydays  hi girl!  i must see that film 
has a fussy lil girl on her hands... she hates tummy time 
Doesn't see  daniel on stage     i'm sitting near some wierd girl D:
At the movies with my boys, after an emergency trip to the dr for a very badly smashed finger via the 3 yr old. 
@oxofamilydad he'll never get anywhere with an attitude like that.    cry, boy, cry......... 
im the boss..beard strak..and no girl with me 
@t_iii oh boy, I dont think you should have done that, I tried #pocky and now I cant live without it! 
praying for ian and my boy alec 
@cherrybun and they can naturally make us laugh, after watching that I just went upstairs and kissed my little boy who is asleep!! 
Starting work now. Mulched the yard and wrote music all morning. I need lyrics  I love you baby girl &lt;3
@pReTtyaMaZiN girl my shit still hurt  I'm still limping
Kit kittredge: an american girl.  quite the tear jeaker.  taking a break from packing the old apartment
#diversity to win!! but that boyle woman will 
#BGT DIVERSITYYYYY; i want that little boy with glasses  !!
This girl i work with is vomitng in the trash can on the floor grosssss i just walked away 
I just had sex with a rhinocerous who doesn't love me. 
@treesandshrubs mine doesn't... a woman was recently forced to get rid of hers or be charged $300 per chook 
Working with a hangover is hell on earth for a girl who never gets them. 
If anyone has seen this nerdy looking girl, I'm looking for her for a dinner date.   http://twitpic.com/6akfk
I bought a new dress for this wedding and drove across 6 states to get here, out of 75 people another girl is dressed almost identical 
@stephaniehowell oh you have family like that too?  sorry girl!
The boy with the stripped pajamas  such a sad movie.
man. me n the girls shulda went out. we anit even go bowling.  instead im hme. gettin lazy lol
just bought teen idol by @megcabot cant wait to start it after I read red scarf girl and the outsiders 
I had a good link to one where a guy tried to grope a girl on the train but she  turned around and gave him an earful..vid is gone now 
I miss my girl!!  gettin ready. bro u better be ready!!
wishing i had me a perfect boy 
Is supposed to be having fun without his woman, but is missing his woman. 
i hate being a girl sometimes!  cramps that feel like i'm giving birth, shoot me.
@tabithajames hey what would u suggest to help have clean pain free anal coz it hurts my girl when sometimes when we do it 
@sc430girl there was no service that far out  at least not for tmobile lol
@digital_girl gurl I really don't kno any websites sorry gurly 
I'm such a girl omg why does this ending make me cry  ahahahahha jfc
misses her girl heather 
My sis still hasn't given birth  geeez hurry up girl!
ill I don't talk about other people but this girl looks very dirty. I thank a sad face is at hand  why why though not 4 girls.....
@jury323 fo sho girl...we need to all go out like old times I miss all you girls 
@britl hey hey, preety girl.. I never know when you're busy anymore.. 
Now I am sad.  @mlhansen and @smallville_boy probably hate me.
So, I meet an amazing girl tonight. But, and there is always a but, her sister is so drunk that they leave before I can get her number 
i feel like such a dramatic little girl. ugggggghhhh i just want a hug 
@girl_foo ohhhhh  I must never ever drink again
wen can i girl catch a break  lol
This girl I met on holiday is now pregnant and I'm the dad :0 
@pdurham But all pool and no gym make @gadataguy a big  boy   @jayme1988 is being a good boy today.
I hate when I have to work with a cute boy. I get easily distracted by the sights and smells 
having mentrual cramps  i hate to be a girl....at present.
really missing her princess... 
off to the cemetery in a moment to sort Zacs grave out - miss my boy 
i want a dinner with mcfly too! unfair  hmm i could travel to brazil now.. and stalk mcfly muhaha. naah. i'm a good girl
I just saw the most perfect girl ever...in my dreams. 
@galaxydazzle whenever i try, it says i vote for that other girl instead  boo
i'm wanting to find this kid from my childhood. needle. haystack.  he was my thomas j (ya know...from that movie my girl)
@amyjade_ i'm not allowed!  i'm gutted. i would dress up as the little boy and make someone else be the dad :L
A 16 year old boy farted on my pillow. 
@mileycyrus hey, please follow me  I'm a brazillian boy, and I know you like your brazillian fan, and you have a perfect personality :]
wishing i had me a perfect boy  (via @kerryelizabeth0)Whats a perfect boy?
@heathertcb why did u cut me out of the pic for the lets get this girl pic 
@devonnn_ girl I'm starviiin tooo but I'm about to be in church for 3hrs soo no food for me 
My boy friend litterally just punched me in the vagina 
OH: My boy friend litterally just punched me in the vagina  http://tinyurl.com/mtn4lh
@bsailer but when the boy is cute you don't need to go berserk on them daddy 
@sc430girl gotcha, and how scary is that 
Hey @souljaboytellem awwwwww  bye soulja boy!!! love you!!!!!!  (souljaboytellem live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
can anyone tell me why girls THRIVE off of drama? hmm.. wish i was born a boy 
the girl who filmed the video was crying and sounded like crying ... I moved a lot  
@elaynamichele woah. bitter much?  lol whats the deal girl?
Really really really wanted to go swimming with my boy...   but had fun in dallas
missin my princess 
my girl dreams bout cheatin on me wit soulja boy!?  lol
At the movies with my mother man I'm so sleepy. I haven't had my nap 
I really want to hurt that girl that hacked your guys' accounts    I think im next haha..... but seriously im sorry that happened 
Mourning the lost of a special little girl... 
@AIIisonIraheta get online, girl. missed talking to you last nite. 
So...I think this girl is so attractive and I would love nothing more than for her to just call but...she's married 
@danielleguizio awwee why  cheer up girl!
no more yogurt for my girl! even a teensy bit is too much for this sensitive girl's tummy. poor kid. 
hills finale!! im not liking this kristin girl from the comemrcials she looks like trouble.. sad laurens leaving 
@RainbowSoulPoet sorry to hear that girl 
my cousin keeps complaining about puberty &amp; how he thinks he sounds like a girl. WHY ME? 
@ZoeAndBruno a girl I dance with had that problem and I feel so bad for her, she cant eat anything! I hope you get it worked out 
dolces visit to the groomers went awful she looks like a boy! its like not even my babbyyy 
@that_girl_lola couldn't view the picture. 
I'm pretty sure I'm obsessed, cuz I just wrote another song!!! Why the f can't I get this boy out of my head!!!!! 
poor wifey's feeling nauseated.  the little girl is overtired... early bedtime's on the menu tonight.
@adamasity_bebe yeah i really am girl 
The girl next to me on the train farted as she sat down. I no longer belive girl farts smell of flowers. 
Byebye @LaurenConrad   hello to the most annoying girl ever. I bet she's the reason why I never watched lacuna beach.
i'm sad that the cute boy was only here to try and sell me trackpants 
feels bad.. because i'm a mean girl.. i'll change na promise  http://plurk.com/p/xkame
then i wudnt b the cute short girl  @PhazeII# whatif everyone's body type was built exactly the same
unacceptable public pressure on ppl. like that 10 year old girl who burst into tears on national TV. 
@krisclark wee tiny fire LOL yeah girl got raped 
I can't stand when I see a girl in a dress I have and it looks bad on her :/ it makes me not want to ever wear it again 
@monochromefilm guhhh ikr   if you ever read seychelles profile, it says shes just some simple country girl... ^__^ like that resembles
Is like a lobster girl  too much sun at the Wkend lol
@franthestrange Burgled!  Its SO weird. I went in thinking that my coworker had set up my laptop with girl I was training, but uh.. no
I am a naughty girl because I spend lots of money 
back to the the good old boring Jtown without my baby girl 
@zackalltimelow aww apparently you're having girl issues zack! 
@louiserose7 this rochester girl misses you too 
@don_iain was that to do with chocolate? I was probably a bad girl 
@AngelicaPrado hey you! Do u make them yourself? They are sooo cute! I want a little girl 
@bbabhofficial i don't think it has  sorry we tried but the girl runs that page doesn't really care i guess
@lexappeall i just realized you know my girl nicky vargas! i miss that fool and you get to see her and i dont 
@eric_the_girl I've been trying that for a while, our nextdoor neighbours keep bees so it can't get much more local, but no joy 
@mightyatom aw fuck, that girl. what is she even doing there.  i wish the trailer wasn't put into generic dramatized trailer format, too.
@trvsbrkr why, will you have sex with them? 
@anne__face I am sorry girl 
Finals are going to kill me  about to read girl bomb! Thanks @mariesake!
back to work  the weekend was great! my lil girl is 1! it blows my mind! she is so adorable!
@AHisme I feel the same on the relationship front. I feel u will grow to be an old spinster woman  LOL x
@AHisme I feel the same on the relationship front. I feel i will grow to be an old spinster woman  LOL x
@Stteph_3  heeey my girl yes we have to go out but u dont talk me   did u forget me? yees? i think so ...  loovee yaa girl!
Listenin to this bws mixtape and clyde, ya boy and juice went in, this is a shame 
I got some shells...but i want a hug cause of Winksy getting stolen then thrown into water by an autistic boy. 
@stephlove23 crazzy girl I wish I had that app.   http://myloc.me/2iLT
@anniegxxx aww bless her  i hope she gets better soon. yeah it must be hard seeing your little girl in pain  xxx
omg i feel sick 3 bodies found at the bottom of beachy head with a 5 year old boy in a rucksack  - so sad   
Just passed my Classicality torch  its sooo surreal i cant believe ill never sing with my girls again.
whoooo sooo hott!!!  only 3.5 dayz of school left!! yay!!....xcept kinda sad cause i wont c my boy!!! 
@textbookoobtxet: oh you tricky little girl 
@softcoeur at least katy kissed a girl..she didn't eat her whole 
@pauliiinex3 aww i feeel bad for the little boy  ... really this is draggin on! FYL ahaah frkn docs -_-
i hope my boy is okay 
@Memiakbrasil oooh  be careful in the storm girl.. hope it doesn't flood again 0.0
note to self: being drunk on the phone with the girl you love, who's ex was an alcoholic = one way ticket to doucheville, population: me 
@ditzen does that mean no sex? 
@Shortashunboi sex offffendeeeer. i'm bored too 
 joey is flirting with another girl right in front of me
@berlin_girl no i am watching the first season.  we don't have hbo either 
that one song from the stay fit commercial with the girl chasing the boy is stuck in my head 
@kylalipsmackk i miss my capri boy so bad 
@PrettyBlackLex girl the bean is by far theee worst  im embaa
@lucyyhale well i miss sage and rose.  what's a girl to do.
@MsJeska hey i just read u trying to get me friends!! lmao i feel like that dorky kid at school with the popular girl as my bff 
hates that somethings going on with him and he won't let her be there for him. stupid boy 
@stratford_girl *hugs*  I have not yet managed the international texting yet.   And it's time for bed. &lt;3
@catosborn a girl is screaming outside my window  creepy
@YoungQ how does a girl log on? lol ... yes i may need you to spell it out for me 
Ahh I want to die. I don't want to be a girl anymore. 
cuddles with my baby girl  and boyfriend! watched him play ball ! so fun! port is to hot!!! even at night you wanna be at the lake! 
Someone feed my addiction to boys over flowers 
I'm in a sticky situation..sorry I'm not down for being the girl on the side.. 
@HeidiBoast yes her mums a horrible woman &amp; the little boy is the school bully its heartbreaking 
Waiting for gossip girl then straight to bed. I'm so tired I can't function. And I really wanted to watch a movie. 
going to watch gossip girl... season final.. 
the girl who did my nails made them look like smileys. eeeeeehhhh! they're like supercurved. 
@liquidindian I was obsessed  with their lead singer when I was a teenager. Like, properly, majorly obsessed. I'm so ashamed. 
goodbye gossip girl 
@sunshinehollyyy lol, it was good, same as yesterday kinda, sept there was another girl there. man school sux, i barely eva see you lol 
the results of my poll make me wanna cry  especially the girl who got voted off 
@tweetybenbo but my cadigan is a guys one, bought it from Burtons, I feel like a girl now 
taking care of my lil boy he don't feel good 
is watching supernatural; and gossip girl only stopped in the middle of it   it wasnt even half
it's raining. it's cold. oh boy. 
AHHH girl next to me just dropped her macbook. She left frantically and I think she is about to cry 
#good sex WTF is that? LOL so sad 
ughhhh.  im just a girl.   be paitent with me bud.  
@adaniellec awww girl  i can imagine ! everything will get better soon ! &lt;3
&amp; @dj_flexONEe.. i actually DO have it but its not bad enough that i cant do anything loll but poor pitbull girl 
@randbay yes, just like a girl with a big forehead tht always wears bangs 
@FrazJ i'm recieving abuse from all angles here, you're abusing my handwriting and some random just asked if i was a boy 
@sexonfireee yea which really sucks because a-the friend really is a great girl/person in general and b-she's confiding in me about her 
i would really, really like my gossip girl box set back 
listenin to misswinnie sing on the phone...girl u was not blessed with that talent...sorry 
 sad face i miss my girl friend already.... i miss u hubby mwuah.....
@chanelashley lolol girl i never talk to you on here  !!!
@mitchelmusso dial-up internet = no live chat for this girl.  congratulations in any case.
saw a little girl crying last night under the traffic light and a monkey tortured on the street just now. 
My girl &amp; I got stood up again... 
I think im going to have a bath then have a nape. I missed out on the new episode of gossip girl last night 
@mradamlambert http://twitpic.com/6gpvh - yes this is a cute pic..poor girl  haha
theres a girl crying on the train. Its times like these that i wish i had a tissue 
@celesssste school is heaps shit  get better before melbourne woman!
@DanaBelle it was adorable, she looked like a princess. makes me wanna get married!! 
Waiting my boy to find his driver . Where the hell is darcoooooooo 
would love to be leaving work right now, but will wait the extra 15 mins like a good little girl 
@MommaSalty yeah, i missed his smile  the g's and bill should learn from the gangstah and get themselves a girl too XD
@kinababy damn girl im sendin out tha bloodhounds wherz mah girl @  ***
@catirah aww baby girl! We in the same boat tonight 
@israelhilton awe  I feel the same at the moment baby girl xoxo
can't wait to get home to my beautiful ladies! But my baby girl is starting the adventure to her own room tonight! 
is hoping to go apartment hunting tomorrow at purdue with her boy &amp; then is working 
@xbllygbsnii no, to her sister! yes to deryck! lmao! awwh cuuuute  i want a wee girl  :$:$
Jailbait is neutralised and defeated by  the geeks blocking that beautiful girl while talking about add maths and world of warcraft 
trying to fix my bloody synthh so not going well  wheres a boy when i need one
I can't believe I made my little girl late for school this morning....  No alarm thingy to wake me. It's sad when the child shakes a head
I won't be a teenager anymore 
missing the girl next door  
@phrensy omg!! the poor boy... 
@empressjazzy1 man watchu wearin . [hope not dem lace boy shorts] 
@RobinFod the problem is that I'm watching a little girl so it would be hard for me to record it 
@EyeCatchingJess girl you have no idea lol but i couldnt do it my veins are too little they left me wit a huge bruise 
I miss my boy sooo much 
@alexdemarco That sucks girl!  I danced for a guy who paid me with a fake $100 bill and then took change from me... so I really lost 
Just  saw emily rose and im so scared i was hugging my cousin like a sissy girl 
@sarock same thought here girl.  sad
medicated sleepy, bored and missing my girl 
Just shaved all my adulthood off my face. I am now a 16 year old boy again!  jk 
watching gossip girl....10 episodes late. 
@skdev kalsoom is a name of a guy or a girl in urdu?:S just curious. teach me better urdu some day 
@girl_monopoly nth missing yo bro bad 
on the news somebody killed a 5 yr. old girl! how could they! 
@desireefawn i had a headache too  i'm fine now. Little kiss for your little girl!
@beanie_boy AW that is so sad.  I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope they find him.
boy trouble sucks 
my mom took laila to the vet this afternoon...bad bump on her head.  my poor girl!
@girl_foo oh love to you all. it must be hard 
Wishes he had a girl like the one in taylor swifts &quot;You belong with me&quot; video 
@beany1111 where u at girl? U made a commitment to us 
@ddlovato  I was trying to explain to the girl she was beautiful an not letting herself eat is silly.  its sad shes only 13 
@ilkeluv Ah, poor girl  I loved your pics you posted ;) You look beautiful!!
@PreTmerri oh girl nothing 4 real.. i wanted us to hang out some more  lol
watching lover boy video that i filmed at furthest drive homes last sheff gig, wish they didn't split 
Getting ready for pizza movie night with girls; we all know that there'll be no pizza for this chick 
I miss my frat boy  going rock climbing and then nothing.
@JaedenChung its hella traffic girl... 
is having a crappy couple days.. feeling more and more like the invisible girl  .. or maybe just the forgettable girl...
@girl_monopoly yea i got dem n ma leg 
Feels bad cause his girl doesn't feel good 
@girl_from_oz yes unfortunately 
A 7th grade girl just informed me that I stink..!!  **sniff sniff** ... I think I might.  
packing for hawaii! but i miss my boy 
@therobbrennan i hate winter!  iam a summer girl lol
@jimble_jamble oh man, that sucks! I'm sorry girl   I'm here for ya if u ever want to talk!
@ChanelleAte i'm so sorry to hear that  but congrats on the boy...yay! i hope that your symptoms go away soon.
I feel so golden. I heart the sun. I'm a tropical girl at heart. I just happened to be born in ohio 
Just bought adeline's princess toddler bed awe little one is growing up 
oh boy, I shouldn't have had that tomato sauce  When will my body stop betraying me?!
Talking to one of my besties about how dumb boys are most the time.  iv been there girl.
My beautiful girl .. blind, profoundly intellectually impaired, cerebral palsy, epileptic but also breathtaking  http://yfrog.com/42no1dj
loves that @swiftkaratechop  @Toddly00 are going to 789! But she hates that all her tweets are lame fan girl @replies 
@sc430girl Wow I beat you to it! I was on fire. Until I nodded off. 
the weather's gr8......bad i don't hav a girl firend   cldn't hav helped......d back.... bu hu hu
 Boys are stupid, clingy puppies who need to be kicked sometimes
@djrockwell505 my girl sent me to get tacos. 
just Watched a creepy show about a girl who died while scuba diving.. so sad 
Hangover. Surprised of finding a woman next to me in bed instead of the special cute and sweet guy! 
@shaundiviney lolz a girl said that if she got swine flu you would be the first person she would sneeze on :|   not nice  hahah
made another cute boy cry...turns out he thinks im gorgeous because of it...i wish i could marry him 
@LeviBeamish I'm exactly the same, so either you're a twiggy little boy or I'm a  chunky girl  
I'm becoming lame in my old age everyone else stayed out to party while I went home before midnight like a good little girl 
@aheartofstars damn girl. that fucking sucks. why aint you text me or nothing? i hope you feel better 
It's early saturday morning, most of the kids are up, but boy #2 won't wake up for anything 
@LenaTu I'm with ya girl 
My sweet girl has a low grade temp n cranky.  playing n eating normal.
worried for my cousin she has exams, poor girl 
but im a little bit sad  the boy i loved... he has a gf 
suddenly remember about a girl with 500 kg weight 
@azzurrafm damn I though you had a wicked girl crush on me for a moment. What a let down 
missin my boy 
Beyonce- broken hearted girl 
grr.. fall out boy should come to cali 
@jimipetrucci I gind that sweet, sexy, scary and fierce all at the same time. :&gt; good for you. I don't even have a boy.  ))
@a_simple_girl I was makin you a killer grilled cheeze.....had to eat it.....alone...... 
@MissDean girl we're stuck inside! Its raining!!! 
girl...tell me about rude people...that's how i woke up to this morning, too.... 
wow.. i took care of a reaaaaaaaaaally drunk girl yesterday  that party was a hit, but i couldn't enjoy it the way i wanted 
@lzne i really like pretty/geeky boys  i want my british boy  
@ifyoucdenise i really adore hardcore bad boys with a heart of gold. i want my sabah boy  
my sweet toddler ran around like a crazy person and then collapsed on the couch and is almost asleep. I don't think he feels 100% good. 
Listening to brian tell stories about semi-abusing his girl Y espero mi luna 
@LolaAM I feel bad for the black girl who doesn't like her breast cause she was molested or self conscious about them 
@girl_from_oz yepp, i will! bit busy at the momment, hence my neglection of chat 
@star_girl82 are you really cancelling the walk?!? 
@JustenJusten oh boy could you manifest some headphones for me too? i have four pairs, all broken 
At the fucking girl scout store  femistic cult
chillin with my boy. I dont want him to leave 
@WooopJess Thanks jess some girl told me everybody hates me so  xx
@mojo_girl I think that academic freedom should extend to high ed prof associations too, however, tht doesn't mean tht it does or will. 
i have been running around after a 1 year old girl who happens to be my niece. just sat down. quite hungry tbh 
@REMTEK i jst woke up cupcakes lol i didnt get to call ur boy b4 2pm. 
I have lost my mystery cutie. And my bean boy 
@courtneyclark well since you invited me over yesterday and i can't come and i thought i was your girl..but cool i see how it is 
@ThirstinKirstin I'm more of quinto girl, myself. he's 32. 
catching up on season 2 of gossip girl. ngl, chuck being heartbroken over blair made me upset. 
@nicole_b86 boy in the stripped pyjamas aha  #hateperez
We aren't even home yet and I already miss my mystery cutie and my bean boy 
@LucasFarinM use daddy's credit card, like a girl, shop all day, like a girl, look hot like a girl, i dont use the 1st 1 cos i'm dad-less 
@tishac. I did, but that doesn't mean I won't hurt.  A girl changed lanes on me once a while back and put me in a coma. She left me there
no no no     I've read twilight story in wiki : the girl will not turned into vampire   WTF
@woman1zer I could use some alcohol too. Too bad I'm not 21 yet.  Almost!
@sc430girl no, not yet   lol
@BarbaraIsCoool girl you didn't call me at j. mac 
@Ohmygoshi  I do too! I also miss being and undergrad and being a carefree girl  ohh life!!
Last intermission. @hannahstar was boo hooing at the end of her last ballet number.   hate to see my baby girl cry.
I'm trying to stay awake till my little girl gets home from a girl scout trip to the lake - they are taking forever to get back. 
@gabrielgarcez a girl from america. i have no idea what you were saying 
gotten halfway, configuring my xchat menu, now im reallyyyyyyyyyyyyyy tired &amp; I miss my girl 
@thatk8girl scary indeed. I was scared for the person who ha the seizure; he was probably in his 20s.  but i think he's okay.
@jp_pmntl the boys are fine I lost a kitten tho.. kinda bummed  the only girl
Heart broken  couldn't dance with my special girl tonight 
@MsStaceyK oh that is not good girl I had to stop and had to drink a whole case of water to get my skin back in shape cause I broke out 
cant stop thinking about the poor girl 
some little boy got chocolate sauce on my dress 
@kquandel I'm not horny  totally over sex
I know I went away for nationals come back and I was cheated on  then she had the nerve to ask me to marry her WTF what girl does that
@I_F_L_Y girl you dident kidnap me today!  lol
@rsuenaga I was so traumatized after witnessing an almost beheaded girl 
@a_simple_girl I can't hear anything...  But it LOOKS cute...
loud girl, screaming boyfriend interruped the mc. 
long weekend joy... malory towers, gossip girl, the heater... oh and textbooks 
Haha the 300 lb girl got to dance with more of my guy friends than I did. 
@L0veBu9 my bf says it attracts the little boy on the play doh bottle 
gossip girl marathon has ended. missing it already 
staying up playing nursemaid to my sick cat, trying to get her to eat and drink. i've had her since i was a little girl, and she is sick 
too much gossip girl, uh needa revice 4 math 
is missing her boy very much as he has gone back to finish his army training 
i saw this indian lady whacked her son using water tumbler. &amp; the little boy was crying so badly 
I'm supposed to study, but i'm in Z's boy car to go play L4D with him and his boys. I'm screwed  - http://tweet.sg
I miss my princess 
has just had a bust up with the dude and now we're all cool again as usual! but boy did he cry again  I think hehehe xx
my little boy looks to have a nut alleregy and has been rushed up to hospital. 
@AminaChaney So... why ain't you following your boy? You act like you don't know me anymore...  lol
Morning lovers...been up since 3:30 with monkey boy...he REFUSES to take his damn medication so I can sleep. 
miss my shark boy so much 
Being a girl sucks ass sometimes. 
@clarasdiary hey girl...what are u doing? ... my parents don't want that I come to the homeparty...  I'm so sad... :'(
is home from church with a sick little girl 
@hellokimmy because not too long ago i was a baik hati girl who was helping out a friend in need. no good deed goes unpunished i guess 
uh, missed greek  its gossip girl now. How fun is that????????
@curligirl I'm Jewish, I can't become a nun  #orgasmsunday
watching gossip girl   can't belive i'm almost up to the last episode  xo
on a train sat next to a pretty girl (who has a boyfriend  )
my bums really numb and I wana give my girl a cuddle 
@arielmariee aww what?? man i can't go!! ( my mom wants me to study for finals  dang, i wanna go!
@souljaboytellem soulja boy how could you do this to me i shud be your only wifey and i love u so much 
i thhhhhhhiink im the only girl from carson high who doesnt have a baby! or is followin behind some nigga that aint shit! its sad to see 
#apprentice - it's over  Great finale though and the best girl won.
my mom better not be expecting me to mow a lawn. this sunburn kills, kthnx. i hope for lulz with my girl @woahletsgo tonight. 
damn this is why i hate the news in toledo.. 4 yr old boy drowns fishing &amp; 5 yr old girl whose been missing for a week's body was found 
AHHHHHHHH!! juss need to let out a good scream..now if only i cud actually scream like a girl 
@TheMonkeyBoy :: poor monkey boy, I had sum thoughts, but it was a boy 
@mileycyrus u ok girl?? u sound a little sad 
@sazzclarke + @princesssakura are getting tix for @mileycyrus tomoz! but her prices are too much so i cant go  girl what are u playing at!
Just found out some girl is sending her babyface nude pictures...? 
i'm mad...there's a girl on T.V with MYYYYYY blonde streak!!!!   haha
i hate this girl!!!!! she is so materialist!!  ! please  open your eyes!!!! :'(
Once you got the perfect girl the thing she loved with dies 
jesse james is a dead man is on!!!! i think im the only girl in the world obsessed with this show 
Oh boy... I've never been good at goodbye's. but this definitely has to be one of the hardest. 
@tx_girl I have a feeling we might not get it though.... unfortunately 
trea me like your girl not your doll !! huaaahhh ! dolled me up ! 
Rocking the qwt girl sloppy pony...I need to get my hair done.  I have never worn so many ponies in 2 weeks 
talking to this super preppy girl. her boyfriend is a manwhore and she doesn't know it. 
@gumbie_girl i wish it was that easy, i'm under the 120hrs thingy, i hate it... hate it to death!! 
*ugh* it's midnight and I need to get more of these articles done. *oi* I have been a bad, bad girl this w/e. 
@hellokimmy yeah exactly! poor little boy 
he's gone i'm sad  waching gossip girl &lt;3 and then go to sleep. good night my sweet twitties &lt;3
nighty nigh! i miss my boy..suxs to be so far away sleeping in different beds...  saddd
@butterflygirl87 I choose all of them! I would love to see him live again.  I saw him on tour and we sat in front of this screaming girl
@MarjorieJoy okah girl. noo. that girl srsly killed it! D: my heart was aching a bit inside. 
@jbn19872005 calm down, hun, geez, i don't know what to say  it would have been less awful if it had been a boy...
There was no sex in it though 
@TheRockwell Yooooo help your boy @theboyillinois. I'm getting sleepy 
loved casulty 1909 last night! horribley gory though. some parts made me sad  there was this 13 year old girl working as a prostitute T_T
I really hate that I've become and emotional nutcase as soon as boy says he can't come round.. What happened to the strong one?? 
@chicagocali15 girl I'm still up! Y I jus saw a mouse on my stove! It ruined my late nite cravng 
awwww... just heard my little girl has bronchitis. and i'm not there to give her a hug. 
an innocent boy did not justified expectations 
@EmilyAllTimeLow awww  so you can't tell me how that blonde one dies.
Up way early to babysit/haven't talked to my boy/mad at my parents... 
@jimipetrucci I gind that sweet, sexy, scary and fierce all at the same time. :&gt; good for you. I don't even have a boy.  ))
I am just a plain ham and cheese girl. 
I know I'm criminally a girly girl when I'm crushed over losing my lip gloss 
missing my boy dylan 
boy kid cloud i like him. a1 was alright. the girls were sweeet.. the weekend was fun...still not heard anything 
Is regretting not going to osha with the pretty girl who invited me 
@meeganrull i'm reading the boy in the striped pyjamas  shmuel's papa just went missing and i'm scared 
@amazingantonia @teamtaiwo basically @regyates and @jezwelham have said never cheat on your girl and then put a link up, but bb+youtube= 
is on the treadmill at franklin missing his jersey girl  
@princess1085200 sad  it just wont be the same!
holy shit just killed a big ass spider in my room, i screamed like a 12 year old girl, but now im feelin kinda bad for killing it 
@SanMan_ish @basantam is surely missed, but also @TriniGirlBlue my girl.. iunno gawn. lost in a cubicle  n the ol @williamjabbott
@googlygoogly  i know i just want bflo to have a bb girl
Oh my goodness my legs are fire....my body is buggin...and I'm still in bed.  but boy oh boy that work out is killa. Haha.
@alice_girl97 i dont know i just like him. i still like him too. 
i did a minor cheat on my diet today and feel like a bad girl.  
Oh boy, I am installing eclipse... joy 
wishing i was with my girl she makes me soo happy but when shes gone im sad 
shit  too bad for aussi i know one little girl who is going to be heart broken
@vlvalle lol an indian girl is doing mine, man it's gonna hurt 
is watching panaroma, it's about rhys jones. the boy that died by getting shot. it's quite sad. 
--this girl on the train boyfriend deaded her over the phone. she is siiiiiiiick. poor baby 
omg. do not watch the boy in the striped pyjamas if you cant handle crying. lol :L i cant stop crying 
Iranian dead boy carried by crowd http://bit.ly/yOcfm  #IranElection 
@msavadior girl i wrapped my bun too tight. my scalp is mad at me now 
Just saw some girl playing lacrosse today looking so happy to be just playing. I remember being her, but I'm not anymore. 
@killa_star girl they said my bedroom window got busted by hail  oh and the tornado sirens aren't workin now. Wtf?
@SalinaDuplessis I been around! girl I been tryna hit u but u show me no love  lol
@Suebots i'm right with ya girl 
just saw the most amazingly shaped woman at the mall... thick women never make eye contact with me when i smile at them 
@Kryssypooh oh girl if you only knew 
@Whistlepea good lord girl! ouchies 
i just passed a hefty teen girl in a twilight tshirt 
@rustyrockets what does a girl have to do to get a reply from you .flash my boobs,wil that work  ??    xxxx
I might be in love with a boy who doesn't even know i'm alive. 
sooooo very confused, idk how to be able to talk to luke on here!!! geese someone help a girl out! 
@mrzhollywood: girl I messed up and got a job LOL.  I miss you too. Bring me back a keychain and a coach purse, lmfao ;)
I feel like im that girl in the movie hes just not that into you  haha
I totally forgot that today they showed gossip girl reruns.  
@cOLe___ and it was the girl scout cookies!!!!! 
Is sad we cannot form a 9-10 year old girl's slow pitch all stars team. What a shame 
i feel just like karen on tonight shows. ever since a dream i had when i was a little girl i've been afraid of the dark. 
just seen a clip of mcfly playing star girl with the motherfucking jonas brothers. *sigh* 
the boy is stressing, agonizing and not answering my texts.  i be worried.
i start tweeting and now the sex sites are tweeting back 
@erinwarde lol ya. some girl's car got broken into tonight  she seemed so sweet too. i felt terrible for her
just rewateched goodbye gossip girl. wow now I feel nostalgic, i thought one tree hill was wierd for leaving highschool, now so is gg. 
at starbucks! white chocolate mocha coming up! yeeees!..pulling an all nighter! boy do i love finals 
gumbo= love and alirenco has boy issues 
wants to watch a gossip girl marathon   why did this have to start today?
ugh i ruined my toes   they were so perfect nd i destroyed them theyre too short i look like a ten year old girl.. http://sml.vg/efA3g7
@sexy_kara lol you look like a night person... the party type girl i mean.  it's just i've been up since 8 this morning 
this episode of cheaters is making me feel SO bad for this girl 
@MARYjuanaLIN I thought you was a good girl smh@u  lol
I miss sabrina the teenage witch 
@isabellamason I can't come to school tomorrow mum won't let me  you are going to have to find another man whore xx
boy #1 who likes me is SO nice. we just watched five episodes of boy meets world. i have a date with guy #2 on saturday.  idk what to do.
my wee  boy is unwell 
argh star girl just came on my ipod  i can't imagine the outcome.
lost 6 guppies..  and she loves her to scratch her boy's belly button.
Working on my ol' beat up laptop in the train, just got pwned by a girl who pulls out a prettier one  I need an upgrade!
my sister has caught the im-crazy-over-korean-drama virus. boys over flowers  tsk
@JadeLvsPINK damn girl I expected the rest of the family not 2 notice but 4 u not 2 say anytiing hmm 
@missrheajo mine was guilty pleasure~ my ring tone is hollaback boy  haha I have to record them myself tho 
@vickysecret i hope u become a happy little asian girl once u move 
going to take my gorgeous girl to the hospital  wish me luck, im guna need it xoxo
@JennaLark your following list is a disgrace. It makes me sad. You're nit that girl  booooo
#iremember writing a 2 page letter to a girl and delivering it to her door, enclosing my bracelet for her to wear while she's away 
@zeddessarts Sadly not!  No nicely oiled boy slaves in loin clothes - sparkly or otherwise   you can imagine my disappointment
just had ma wee boy weighed  thts him nearly a year and only weighs 16lb12ounces 
@GreMac little girl..  i'm so sorry about it...  i feel sad...cause i miss youuu!!! *________* remember that i love u soo much...&lt;3
Guys. I just saw a woman carelessly walking an emaciated, limping mother dog into the res. bldg next door. What should I have done? 
@paulcronin imagine going to get rid of scars and ending up like that - poor girl 
@infinitus_ they should like give him 500k every year, such a young boy, haven't even enjoy sex 
who is that girl i see staring straight back at me why is my reflection some one i dont know 
Watching the episodes of boy meets world when corey and topanga break up so sad  but so good
is hating being a girl right now for one reason 
Craving new gossip girl 
These pants the gay boy gave me for work are so tight I can't even get a full erection.  #DefeatedByAGayPairOfPants
@MarissaSmokes i wish i was able  got some ball girl action to attend to..
the shirt i'm wearing didn't dry properly so now i am sweating &amp; it smells like dirty water. i'm gonna be the smelly girl at orientation. 
@djirie I miss you!! I'm an apple girl now 
Wonders how a guy could be so mean to a girl the day before her birthday 
@StuartBoothyay i was before but for head girl and then my laptop died 
i wanna be your pool girl  http://yfrog.com/7hzjgj
My pants are too tight thanks to baby and needing to do laundry but I can't fix it because the girl is sleeping in my room. 
@Hardygirlchelle oh girl hope you're feeling better now  I so wish I could be there...
@teebaby89 girl, not too much just sittin here looking for somethin to watch 
@girl_from_oz its gna be ruined so bad 
@haute_girl @tuck3rsgurl22 i dont even remember how to play it 
girl drama sucks. soo much 
@MissBehavinnn I hope your bff is a girl cause I like the mental image running in my head.  sorry I'm a perv. 
and trey just threw up all over me agian!!!!!!!!!!! idu this boy 
.....I'm movin storage like I'm a boy...my daddy did want me to be a boy!! 
@ypatten35 Awww  tell that girl to follow me! I've been tweeting her but I don't think she realizes who I am!
@Iamhollyywood now im watching friday the 13th....i love scary movies!!!!!! only 1 prob. no girl here 2 curlup with n cuddle 
ugh. omg this stupid little girl ! i swear she's ughhhh ! because of her my doggie is tied up.  stupid little hoe.
Lol..i was running, screaming, jumping on people, running in the middle of the street!!!! And this white girl was laughing at me!! 
@8vaaa (((Hugss))) my princess still sick saay 
@WnchstrsGirl aww, girl, that sucks  *hugs*
Just got thru eatin @ twist with my girl  @candycane00. Now I'm full, tired and ready to be put to bed.-i need a boo  lol
BREAKING NEWS: 17-year-old girl is dating 12-year-old boy .... poor boy  hahahahah luv ya pieroo
He never called me back  I hate boys!! A girl would never do this to me &gt;=/ ...oh wait, they have too :l
@EddieNOC awww girl. did seeing him sunday affect you? 
I know but when its a hot baseball boy its okay and I'm bored too we have no lifes 
Taking care of my lil boy who is sick with a fever 
hey people watching a old episode of gossip girl when chucks dad died so sad 
@princess56 - you are going to have to bring the supplies then, my boy is out until tomorrow.  
boo the girl from dirty dancing (and like all those 80s movies) dies!  lol.
i pronounce my scream dead today   i cant scream like a girl anymore!!!!!!  haha
I hate being a girl sometimes.... and I feel sick  I need bed, icecream and my boyfriend. hmphhh
the fourth one died  it was a girl puppy. poor thing.
watching gossip girl, home sick 
crazy wanting to just hang out with my girl... But she is ignoring me... 
Dissapointment. The mexican weather woman is unfrozen.  now some novela is on.
Some girl hit me and split my lip during the game! 
I've been super busy.  I need some girl talk. Where are my bffs?
d'oh... up with a poor boy with a sudden outbreak of hives. 
This girl has tapped out on love....... 
@daaangSMiLES omg i miss u too!!! text girl text!!! but its not the same as talking in person 
that poor poor girl with all those tattoos. 
@ShoesforGeorgia i was saying 'bitch' to the girl that was talking about you! and its alright. i won't stay 
had a stupid fight with the boy... it ended with yelling and hanging up on each other. *sighs* we aren't supposed to go to sleep angry 
@CreativeWolf  you need somebody to to tuck you in and feed you stuff!! *calls some girl off the street*
miss the boys three!!! The notorious suckstowo, pa aya, and puasa boy and also koyan 
misses to watch gossip girl. 
@ondubuu aish, you couldn't find a nice little aquarius boy?  no wonder this boy is giving you trouble, he's a gemini. it's all we do.
lost a little pug boy last night. 
@lesleyboudy jus watched the &quot;broken hearted girl video...' 'N luv wit B &amp; &quot;him&quot; all over again 
never been in love. cause a girl like me never had someone to care for 
http://yfrog.com/5kujnj ... I love this girl!! She know what is the real  friendship.. I miss u 
@createabadge she has never done that before with her back leg - the 2nd clip shows the usual symptoms. She is not a happy girl at the mo 
i still think about 131108, can't get him out my mind even i got another boy 
@Dannymcfly aww i would of like to see tha   and i love star girl too 
I fell because I am a clumsy clumsy girl. 
@vicious_boy yeah..it is. huhu. 
ahhh broken hearted girl video... gets me everytiiiiime. I cried. and cried. I love heeeerr! 
If ur on the 110 and u saw some blonde girl on the side of the road, that was me.. Just got in an accident  grrr and I was doing soo good!
Doing work for a russian chick :o accent and everything xD too bad her little boy can't talk yet 
@CindyLooHoo82   you doing ok girl?
@film_girl not really. Still not eligable. 
@itsSteelerette I'm all confuzzled.... I'm like, where did the cute starbucks loving p90x girl go   and who is this steelers dude!?!?
@gemmaaaax Haha epic! &amp; I just said that to my mum - I don't even look like that, and I'm a real woman! No fair  xo
had to take cat to vet again, claws on 1 foot outgrowing wear ... poor old girl 
its made me want to yell im a girl not the grimfreakinreaper 
@missruthamy i hope your situation with the boy gets better  it makes me sad to hear all the doubt coming from you!
@montaay ya boy terrence nawww I wish tulisa was on this 
And they go on to talk about how some girl is much better than her... I wonder how she feels? 
it was the first piece i got when i became a raver.. given to me by the girl who took me to my first rave 
i kinda miss him  especially when i hear dmb  which is a lot. oh boy oh boy or should i say oh boys oh boys
Why's it so hard to watch movies where a boy and girl fall in love? 
WAIT.  Where's the b-girl???  They have to have b-girl or a hip-hopper!!!  None of those girls looked like they were.  That'd be sad.  
off to bed. got an awesome cow girl hat at dance. it makes me laugh. getting city of bones tomorrow  up at 7 
The boy is gone.. of to baseball camp.    Much sadness...
Is regretting not going to osha with the pretty girl who invited me 
missing my little boy like crazy 
saw one of the new Z4s pure sex, even though it was silver 
@khimmy_j damn girl i thought u knew 
I Hate that commercial where the guy gives one girl a toy pony and the other one a real pony. I hope those kids are actors! 
@Lboogiee I mean I am a cool kid, but I also need a cool girl, too bad you be frontin on me 
I feel bad for that little girl  bad parenting
i hope @ddlovato could reply me someday  i love that girl she's amazing !!! 
Still up with a snotty little girl. I feel so bad for her. 
Confessions of a confused? girl 
watching gossip girl. i need a green apple 
er with jeffro.. clumsy boy 
@joienesque ..there are plus points in being a girl. I just can't think of one right now what with the girl cramps and bleeding  (tmi lol)
If i eva fall in love again i hope its da right girl 4 me... I really do 
feel bad for that girl, hard life  (on dog)
What does a girl have to do to get her boyfriend's attention? 
@spider_girl :o fine   i'll never ever come on twitter again &lt;/3 lol
in bed, my midnight snack and I, twix  theres a fat girl in me somewhere
Figures right when I lay down it starts storming. &amp; oh boy, is it a storm. I just want to sleep &amp; not worry about being blown away 
@50beats    you twasnt followin ur girl,     
wish that i was having my kittens killed by a cute girl in wisco...guess ill do it myself 
@SukebeUchujin no cute girl asks me out for the weekend  so I also hate my job ;)
just waved my big girl off on a bus all on her own (apart from the 34 other 3 year olds) with no mummy or daddy 
I'm having boy troubles 
I hate being a girl sometimes......I do not want to straighten my hair this morning 
tired being this girl. i really want my soul back 
hate him so much!!  why he like another girl??
my friend got hit by lightning the other night. she's in the echo.  poor girl!
Hating the girl that made me lose everyone 
this haircut makes me look like a boy...  
@girl_from_oz no we just want to get her to do one ... i wissshhhhh she would!! 
gotta take my boy to get his shots...not fun 
Peace out girl scouts 
wth. My internet went error after a dude talking about some hot girl..  what's my fault???
aww man whats a girl gotta do to get a hug round here? 
@stereonerd i don't know girl  this saturday?
on my way back from kings lynn after a long day...very tired  but can't wait to catch up on gossip girl
@cececov girl....... They're at it again  when you get to a computer to remove em from yours can you do mine too?!?
yo! this chick looks just like the girl from taken... it's making emotional  I'm just glad she's alive
Here at track our best girl runner just fainted and ambulance came for her 
@lillyelizabeth damn that's shitty girl! 
duh it was &quot;american teen&quot; and i kinda like it :/..it makes me miss highschool!!! 
Wow... I didnt even know the girl but this is beyond upsetting. She's 13 year old ballet dancer with a passion for musical theatre. 
A girl has things to do but ive been putting it off 
my dogs the cutest in the world but she must insist on raiding the bin    naughty girl
feels so bad for my little girl! I hope she starts to feel better soon 
my niece is gone  and pll arent trynna give a girl a job
sad...waiting for the boy to call her, but he never will 
also who invented chemistry and why do i HAVE to do it its so hard no 15 yr old girl should have to do it 
Listening to the boy coughing and the husband snoring...music to someone's ears but certainly not mine 
@ohheyemma yeah girl where have you been?! 
I seriously freaking hate labels. Especially towards girls. Just because a girl is sexy and confident with themselfs they are wh***s? WTF 
How come, in such a small audience, was some woman wearing the same top as me ? 
this girl's never heard of highlife  and guess where shes from?
freaking out about the amount of gifts i've bought for cez. srsly don't know if there's enough yet  what to buy the girl with everything?!
Aw a little girl crossing the street just waved and smiled at me. How presh. I miss working at the bgc 
@girl_from_oz it wont let me vote for her or mollie 
I'd like to think I'm a level headed girl that controls her jealousy but I can't stand to look at that. it just makes me wanna cry 
aww my cute gay guy friend that works at blockbuster is telling me about a boy he likes but doesnt like him back. i feel bad. 
@tanisharenee08 I'm good girl. Just been working sooo much, feeling the effects 
just got back from takin baby girl to get her shots.   my poor princess... ouch!
@someTCNJkid it's scared bc of rain  do you think it's boy or girl? call it oreo if it's black &amp; white. or a cute name like otis
nicole i miss you so much please don't change i don't want that you became a plastic girl 
@GangStarrGirl @djt_elle oh boy  haha HoneyDippers its the name of my band lol
@c00rzMcg33 nah girl, that's impossible 
@SteveWeber If the woman wants the baby and someone kills it, it's murder. If she doesn't want it &amp; pays to have it killed that's okay. 
@julianabispo I'm not treatin' you bad   I love you sooo much, my little girl *-*
@KDeLaRiva where are ya girl? your tweets are missed!  &amp;one for you #BurnNotice #UsaNetwork #JeffreyDonovan #BruceCampbell #KDelaRiva lol
@jesi0106. I hear ya girl! I need to do that badly 
On #sytycd, I'm disappointed. Based on the solos, the right girl went home, but the wrong guy. 
@pawpaws eres una espia  I love u girl and I miss u too 
@Floridagrl16 i know! but that was before rob's accident right? but still, our girl looks sad in that pic 
The girl that was sitting next to me on the bus was not a happy camper, mumbling under her breathe about people being rude 
@oxNANCiiBBYxo that boy needs to get his bootie over here! haha i want him here 
@JEhringhaus girl I know but I am still learning so I will keep getting better! unc is losing I am sad 
@MTVAUSTRALIA   daaaang. i totes thought i had that one. i'm a katy perry lover!! i even kissed a girl and liked it.
i wish i was at the private laker event with my boy kanye 
E2 might have urinary tract infection.  warded for 2 days  getting her spayed and vaccinated too. miss u girl. http://twitpic.com/7rx4y
Spending money on myself makes me a happy boy. Why is my personality so similar to that of a girl? 
@1Omarion hey o can u help a girl out and tell people to follow me i only have 18 
Every cute girl is with some dude 
Finaly back in a town missin his baby girl  cant wait to see her saturday and din wit her parents
@Nattaalie omfg yes it was I almost cried when I woke up  but girl let me tell u he is one good dream kisser/make outer hahaha
for goodness sake why is he such a butthead....not hating on him...but im the one who really likes him....not some girl he just met... 
@ananyah omg u bad girl @Arealist aww now am really feeling terrible 
@harveyjames: i hope it's not too late to join your 'choose-a-cat-draw-a-girl' gig. 
@soba_girl don't know really 
in love with someone who probably sees me as that crazy girl with dandruff 
gaaaaahhhh . I have no beers  What's a girl to do?!!?!
@Vivicam Lol yes!!! I fell, it made me sad  It was at college which made matters worse! A girl I knew helped me up thank god!
i'm going to be a girl and say i wish life was like a shojo manga... 
I hate being a teenager sometimes...and really hope somethings come to pass 
breaks my heart everytime I leave my little girl at daycare. She cried again, &amp; reached out for me 
@wyntz damn  wait ur talking about gossip girl right? i wna get ittt
Its really cold!!   missin my gawjuz gurls and my sexy boy like crazy!! 
'the boy in the stripped pajamas' is the saddest film ever 
@nitavas sonu nigam really? he's such a girl..but really good i'll be in boston i totally would tho 
This little boy is spitting apple that he's chewed up on the floor   I don't get paid enough.
saw a girl drown at the waterpark  was sad.
@GirlzLoveMusica  missing my girl  waiting 4 you babe stop working  just kidding.. gimme a call when u leave so i can fix dinner ;-)
shall be a good boy and sleep early tonight since internet's down 
@starleigh2000 oh boy do i miss having her around 
@ylin0621 The teen section here is lame too... 
But I'm a princess!! 
weekend yet?????????????????????  work is killing me, thanks new girl for quiting.
@kcynthiag is spencer gone already? I'm dying for another pretty boy trip 
@tommcfly ps: dont blay me for being a stupid brazilian girl 
just watched 4 gossip girl episodes, forgot how good it was actually cheered me up! :-D goin to bed now, trainin at 8.45am ARE YOU JOKIN? 
@autumnkaine aww  i wish i could guy on guy sex. specially if it's as much fun as girl on girl!
home alone  I need a good massage! who's gonna hook a girl up?!
Commercial time... ooooo #redsox... you getting beat up like bat guy... only not by hot girl in latex... 
only 1 day left before boy goes back to np  on the bright side only 2 days till i see mum, dad and pup. I've missed them crazily xxxxxx
your a strange girl,like me 
I can't remember what that sexy dancer girl looked like  linda why did we leave them
has the cracking voice of a pre-pubescent boy 
@fidz112  cheeky girl! i miss you!   my heart is breaking sudah..  
So so so so so so so so sleepy...missin my boy 
Feeling guilty for seeing some high school girl show her tita at my friend's pool 
 so sad! Its her birthday and that bratty boy ruin it!
Chilling with my cat. I miss my girl  and get come to sonic my aunt is rasing money for breast cancer text for details.!
@joy_lawsoni wanted to see you all so bad!!! Nates girl sarted feeding me shots!!!   looks like a bust! 
is really sad and dissapointed right now...laying in the bed pouting w/ audi girl 
@estellegoh can be triggered by anything! heat, stress or hunger.... I'm officially migraine girl 
This girl at the bar just told me she likes my shirt and that she has herpies.    wtf
wrestling with this girl who is my friend ....she took my candy  lmao  
Needs to find herself a cute, straight, single boy to text and be cute with...gahhhhhh 
... still feeling bad about being compared to another girl... just cant get over it 
I miss my baby girl.  Anyone know any great songs?
@TeteJambon damn.. thought I might have tricked you there  I know but you're a handsome devil and you can't blame a girl for trying ;)
@skipsonrecord the woman wasn't very impressed because I was laughing and asked for the wrong cigs 
fall out boy is going to macau but im not going to be in hong kong when theyre there  boooo.
laptops should really be made waterproof. girl dies twittering in bath. http://bit.ly/W9saS  
@LongandLoud but one little girl can do much havoc, believe you me  mehh, it'll be fine, I'm sure of it ..
his the boy who i love but he lives in germany... 
..who likes me but who is dating another girl. What a mess! 
The stupid girl at the softbank shop gave me the wrong seal 
At my boy's crib . chill on the side of the pool, waiting for my boy to finished his exercise .. Hurryyy its cold in here 
wanted to go read n stroll at the park this AM after dropping the boy but it was all closed off 
woke up feeling kinda weird.  thinking too much about the boy situation(s).  bleh.  and that twitterscope was a little too dead on.  
@_manik_ : The other girl did not confirm the apartment - in the meantime it was taken by someone else  (
@KayBallard The only story she has to tell is she was never allowed to play because she was the only girl on the team. 
@lauramoorcroft  she's only just got in lad, hopefully shouldn't be long.
legs don't like the weather -- sad for lupus girl    what's a girl to do?
@madgates me too.. it was at knifepoint too 
Just helped a neighborhood girl that mangled herself on her bike  poor little thing
@Momosmommy aww thanks girl. he passed away about 5 yrs ago.  fathers day is always hard for me.. booooo
i feel like ive lost that 1 good girl 
@dtbratz oh ok girl.....that is cool you go girl- I worked in retail before this job and would have to work weekends -it sucked 
...also thinking a lot about my girl 
@TaySelfan13 yeah, i'm sorry girl. 
Just read a sad story about a girl who had cancer  
Having a night in with a take away and gossip girl. What an interesting life I lead  x
fuel girl buggy flipped over with 5people on in-many injurys 
is a sad  asian boy living in a somewhat happy asian community haha. 3 down 3 to go!
hates being a girl... 
Why are thy breaking astro boy???? Just saw the preview 
My daughters slumber party at her dads house is not going well only one other little girl showed up. . So sad 
I just saw a woman wearing a swimsuit who didnt shave her armpits 
my baby boy was 3 on 17th and he got his letter for his school today 
Just saw a girl with a coco crisp shirt just like mine 
... i say this while a poster of him is on my wall... lol. my mom bought it for me! lol she thought i needed a boy, sadly she's right! 
Still feeling nautious seeing that girl dying @boewie  #iranelection #iranrevolution #gr88
@VaniilaQueen dude it really just hit me you are getting married. All I can think of is the girl with crazy pony-tails. ahhhh nostalgia 
Just realized that I fell asleep in the middle of the night while chatting with @zanidia. I'm really sorry girl 
packing up stuff.  just took out and played my virtual boy for a good 15 minutes. eyes are hurting now... 
@roxiomilagros tengo beautiful bad girl, different worlds y when the lights go out, quiero i like it like that 
is missing her boy like crazy, bugger 
Totally tried to save a dog from the sid of the road an heran away from me  thwn a boy who looked similar to halvo drove past and star ...
@livin_dead_girl are you alright? 
The old girl is having trouble getting used to her new shoes 
My boy left  I'm freaking depressed now. But I did get to hear my jonas boys on the radio and danced and I made some great summer plans
@PixelArtGirl oh my girl I am sorry....that is horrible 
@collidingworlds  it will come, consider that she's a busy girl (?
@katherinemarsh how about smac-ella... the girl of my dreams 
@SpellGirlSummer How u feeling girl? So sorry u still achy my dear. 
There's a teenage couple next to me breaking up  I feel bad for them
Why does the prettiest girl here have 2 be a pot head? 
Just accused a girl with a little cerebral palsy of doing some gnarly crip-walking.  
@AlexisBrownPR that sux my girl 
@dylanlive ... you had a girlfriend? you didnt tell me about that silly boy  but you dont need her girls are just trouble and a waste
Just found out my girl is a fake yankees fan 
last night was crazy. gosh i love kiewit boys. my boy toy leaves today 
Just saw an old lady trip and fall in the rain and her nose is bleeding. The poor woman looked so sad 
Some dumb girl brought her kid here. She put sound proof ear muffs on him, but still. Its really loud and there's alot of bass. 
@jepsyg oh no girl! I hope its not too serious 
I'm cold  bout to wake lil boy up and feed him
boy isn't coming over...would rather get wasted at some party. grrrrr.  
I'm waiting my friends at my school here alone..!! Like a stupid girl..!!! 
@heykimmy girl, I swear! I miss you! You have got to come up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ah! I miss talkin to kimmay 
I'm such a frkn fan girl. 
@ohayemily same I miss thc being a way to become a family not fight over talking to a goddamn band boy I'm sick of drama  I miss
watching girl with a pearl earring.. hate having to use my iPhone for internet, but laptop still broken 
@1omarion cant respond too a normal girl 
@amandaplease girl you got NO idea i am about to pass out so drunk  xwitout gettin laid by my puppy daddy   
the prettiest girl sits alone at the bar. 
@ahmedzainal boy trouble 
@DdRichGirl girl I haven't seen a episode 
i miss my girl bec 
@caramel_cutie girl not yet. im layin in bed now but it aint working 
is in love with a cali boy 
 they hate yuh tooo yunq boy
have been cuddling my sick 21mth girl with temp 
@annedisasterrr i'm kinda depressed...the girl was sexy and I couldn't close.  
@OUBad hey girl why r u up so late?? I was in bed now I can't sleep 
@sultanabran no shame girl, i get the same way about cobra tbh 
and also loves getting woke up by 4 boys jumping on herr 
@German_girl16 twit to u soon..  &lt;3
When an outing involves secatous, a girl get's very worried 
@biancaelen The girl they did it on didn't win  It is kinda funny in a twisted way. I wonder if there faces get sore?
Oh dear, I envy you a lot girl 
trying to download gossip girl, but it doesnt want to work 
is totally shattered   It took all the energy I have to get out of bed, and friends and boy are going into t... http://plurk.com/p/12o8lb
all i want to do is watch gossip girl but nothing will load or download  is it really that difficult?!!
just spoke to one super cute woman..  shes pretty.. and married..  got kids about half my age.. so in love with her.. but cant work on it 
a little bit of me died, the day i found my sister's myspace  what happened to that lil girl crying next door?!?! she soo grown up
So tired!! I was up all night with a sick little girl. 
pregnant woman was shot today ...she died  http://bit.ly/zpOHz  #iranelection #tehran #neda spread this..
I miss cember the princess. 
finally ready studying... heeww. n' now i'm up to watch gossip girl.. missed the last episode. 
finally finishd homework... heeww. n' now i'm up to watch gossip girl.. missed the last episode. 
is at home with a very sick lil boy 
@gossipgirl I haven't found my summer love yet  but I need to find to, one for me and new episodes of gossip girl!
is in trouble with people at school because i thought this girl was a boy.simple mistake 
@jazzymejiaonly aww im sorry..poor birdy  u tried girl  thats what counts. i wouldda tried to save it too.
I'm about to go to my boyfriends house. The poor boy is sick. 
@trvsbrkr http://twitpic.com/84iha - I wanted that shirt..but in girl sizes 
at the chriopracter with the boy... hes hurtin 
@parisduhh that she past, awhile  i miss her and all i want is the ring. she gave the profile to some girl my fiance wasnt even talking to
@dropyrpantz haha, i dont! idk what i got it from,  i dont think it was from any boy though.
@Haliyah girl i wish i could! but its only monday 
I'm hoping that the special announcement on J&amp;K+8 is that they still love each other and want to work it out... What, a girl can dream 
@MissWulf sorry, girl  that's a bummer
@yarn_girl oh no  what happened 
Packing  how things change boy ohh boy!!
@liik3aStaRr are u serious? well i'm sure hes ok girl but ima pray still 
@omgmcd yeah. she lef tnoe. she has to get allergy shots. ha poor girl. 
i go to camp and come back losing my party girl essence  hehe
@Coinkidink feel damn lucky. I have the boy I just don't gots the year 
@therealGlambert i want a pic of you with my lil girl!!!!!!!!! i was on your flight but u were unnnnnnntouchable   
my iphone was stolen...no insurance...boy loses favorite toy 
laying in the dark, listening to saturdays=youth. i'm graveyard girl 
court today! somehow i have to look classy..great! n i have a girl judge 
aw disappointment  here i am read and it smacked me in the face. the girl just had to say the word. the book is still good though.
aw disappointment  here i am reading and it smacked me in the face. the girl just had to say the word. the book is still good though.
I think I just walked right past cute boy  stupid umbrella distracting me
switching between the computer and hell boy the golden army, bored 
@salandpepper I might get back on later - mrs is out at a meeting - but depends on boy. He's just been sick apparantly 
@Dollznting  me too! you havent tweeted in bare girl! how're you?
Why are you following me!? I've been a good girl  http://twitpic.com/87hsd
grr. sometimes it sucks being a girl 
@maryjocameron i am a girl of steely willpower -- not that that is always a good thing.  
@jessyessie ugh, everything right now  this boy makes me wanna scream. That's what I've been really upset about.
Thinking about this boy...I wish he'd text meee 
finished sewing on girl scout patches. my fingers hurt like woah 
@GetEmGirl I told our girl @life_stylist to call me and I have not heard from her 
@ThespianSheldon It's okay, I'm making a big girl decision and not going because I have hw to do 
chilln... mane. this certain girl is startn to annoy me 
@heath_girl i don't know  most likely not. that is quite an UNadventure
@marcyr can u send me pic of my boy @DaveAguirre? haven't spoken to him since sunday  
@rawralyrawr apparently... &quot;dick rails&quot; is a girl with two lip rings.  
It's not fair some lil boy with a grey patch talked to my bestie and I haven't talked to her since 6am  he better not be stealing her ;)
@RhenaKristin hahahahhaa dang girl!! LOL. sister there's nothing to do tonight!!!  haha
@rickey @dazeoffire wtf?  jungle boy voted off?  it's the curse of sanjolly! 
@gabyyg i hope garbo comes to my side  if not i will be the next girl to run on stage and try to hug joe and be pushed away then rape greg
Long story   Not about anyone you know. Some mean girl!
there's something wrong with the network at P.I., i can't receive my girl's txts  hate it.
nobody tells you how to be a parent...much less to a 13 year old girl.... I think I lost my handbook/manual 
This is so TERRIBLE. 9yr old girl washing dogs in yard w/ father shot and killed.  http://bit.ly/rc9kO
I want to go to school  sitting in 102 with those 38 girls, have dance con, and laugh with wong miu wan, meimei, spring,snow, vivian
says That I'm not a princess  http://plurk.com/p/13rdse
Man I miss those girls like crazy  http://twitpic.com/8comj
Why doesn't my girl love me? 
@tatt_girl848  your leaving tomorrow
@CMGeekCrissa hey girl, just read the bad news  so sorry
i just got yelled at and called rude for not waving to a girl that said hey downtown. i guess i really am an asshole 
wants to take home a hula girl. 
@Janedebond @DavinaCB having probs between my man &amp; 2 eldest kids, (they're not his) and I'm stuck in the middle. V upsetting 
@Optikal but i dont like being the bitchy girl that demands everything 
@torihf oh girl, you need to put the phone away if you're that drunk!  
@bianca_maria hey girl, i miss you too 
well I we just got her down to sleep, little girl has an ear infection, poor buba. long night ahead 
well we just got her down to sleep, little girl has an ear infection, poor buba. long night ahead 
@danger_skies A girl I know has that and her bub was a month premmie 
found the awesomest community @ livejournal - gossip girl clothes and stuff.   its all sooooo expensive though 
@katfishh I'm sory  rip. She was a great girl
Ouch. It really hurts to secretly love somebody who also love a girl and they're already becoming couples.  But I still managed to smile.
DAMNED. i can't go to concert @ sea with the cutest girl 
aww just finished watching the boy in the striped pajamas  it was sad. poor boys
@gg32 , how sad is it..that girl is so cute 
i looove marshmallows~~ but i'm crying bcos of a boy. 
@musicianbrendan did u cry when the lil girl died? i sure did  lol and when meredith made lexie her bridesmaid, i cried again HAHA
in love with a girl whos name I don't even know 
Is lonely  but is still chasing the girl of his dreams
@goldiestarling I wish I were a cute young asian girl. I would get that many views too. 
want to be a pinup girl...my boobies are to small 
im just a girl. standing in front of a boy. asking him to love her. 
@kitchenwench take those bastards down, girl! it's rampant. makes me crazy too 
@MissMoGreen I am so upset yo this girl told me something is due today and its a major part of my grade. BUt I hope she's wrong 
@KimberleKelly @a_simple_girl  sorry girls, i feel schmutzy today 
A little girl dropped her orange juice on my bag during the flight. 
@PeterJDiLorenzo i know. rip girl 
@jenniferg07 it is all in good fun we know you don't want to kiss a girl. 
@josesosa Ah, typical adolescent boy. It's ok, son. You'll see better days. 
@broken_thought I'm the lucky girl. I'm a lot to put up with, and he loves me for it. 
@thejester100 i AM a girl!!! But I've had no luck with guys, so maybe the email's a hint that I need to change my target audience 
@fossiloflife boy... online-ish... 
Is chilling wit my boy 
@ingridmusic can't WAIT for your new record, you go girl! 
@DarenMarc I'm ALWAYS a good boy! Into meetings now, so tweet later 
is watching gossip girl 
this girl in my english class just gave myself &amp; a few people free soda. roooot beerr 
is about to what a doco with the boy on vampirism...woohoo.. 
I'm fashion victim...damn... 
should not be crushing on a boy (with a nice smile) just 'cos he asked for my number... hmm... 
@malloymartini butt sex??? what about it 
@peppysophia it's cool girl! You didn't hurt any sentiments here! 
is a hungry girl 
ok. i'll finish my paper and watch gossip girl 
I want sex too 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one. If you got girl problems I feel bad for ya son. 
@iwantyourjeep haha good girl 
@nikoli_ &lt;-- prettiest boy ever. he should be a model 
@kaylacollins hey kayla... how'd a small pa town girl get started in modeling? 
I love when the hubby makes my breakfast!!! What a lucky girl I am 
@Markymark_  now who do you thank for getting you to follow the sex that is @ iamcassiedavis 
just watched gossip girl... xoxo 
@WhytStar thank you  I'll have my two little princesses now!
just posted a few edits of a gorgeous little girl....I am in a black and white kinda mood lately  http://www.lynettej.com
Is at the B-boy championships Babyee!  amazing skillz x
Wants to touch telescope boy 
@KelliTrontell : awww so great meeting you too!!  Thanks for everything girl!
enjoyed her walk around the cemetary with her boy and bestie, now on to watching nights in rodante 
@fullsizebarbie  girl that reminds me of one of my fav songs.. except it's the opposite... http://tinyurl.com/cnzkf4
@oliviabell your tweet wasnt in my timeline, have you seen the kid? I'm not trying to be mean to a child, just honest! 
@DaRealAngelLola  i'll be down on ur girl rap suaq. am cold at the mic and beat makin' 
@chocokat718 haha I know you do sweet girl! I only tease. but believe me, poco dolce are worth the trip alone!! 
@britneyspears I loved your show!! You rock, girl!!!! 
@Bleakey the boy i saw on wednesday 
staying home with my lil girl... shes soo funny.. 
Watching  gossip girl 
is watching gossip girl. xoxo 
I just saw the comedian danny boy on the most akward date ever at d'ods kids show 
laughing at jen's pictures...you are crazy girl 
ichat with the princess 
@jennettemccurdy u tootally rock girl! ur voice is really, really fresh and cute 
Like many other little Turkish girls I dream to become a singer and dancer like her.. But I finally become a lawyer! 
@dannywood  my girl @angieODT70 is right -- if we aren't twatting our hearts out to u on here, we are dreaming of u in bed. 
@LoserJuggalette What's you? A hot girl who likes horror? 
had a nice night and is a sleepy girl.....sweet dreams everyone 
@justamoochin heh... &amp; an automatic spoon feeder. But even when I take a mouthful from her bowl she doesn't want it. the girl is twisted 
FINALLY pierced my ears. I'm a big girl now 
Now I must learn to be pushy ...one girl walked out with $1300 tonight ...but I still better than most of the dancers and I'm new 
@JazzyLamby ahahhaha!  girl its 4 22 in the mornting and im all hyped up here so i will be random ahahah so watch out LOl!
quivering greyhound shaped wreck appeared at top of stairs just now - I am so proud of my soppy boy. He's stuck upstairs crying now 
@Tittch I use pic.im now. And I'm glad it's NOT saucy. I'm not that kind of boy, as you well know. 
@jakeashley oo I love gossip girl 
@LimeIce you go girl! #yaymen jury thanks u 
going to the airport with a very special girl 
@tommcfly your not a girl tom  x
@tommcfly Aww,  which act did you cry at??  It don't mean your a girl just means your in touch with your femanin side.  Haha 
@KimKardashian you crack me up girl! i just love you and the fact you are so real with yourself. cant believe you posted the sunburn pic! 
@ravensapphire whats up girl? 
@kabooosh come on the boy '  s got looks. and i heard he ' s buffed  . shirtless scenes :&gt;
Oh ickyblah, being a girl is so expensive. But at least the clothes are cute. 
@bri_fogle Boys like silly boy movies ... u need a little girl to balance it out! 
@cheerful4christ indeed girl. haha it was fun! people are so right when they say its overrated though. lol but it was still fun. 
@MickyInTheSky hey girl! before camzi was me! 
Sleepover, watching gossip girl GNIGHT  text me
@pinkie_pie thanks sweet girl.    same to you!
new songs done  every little girl's dream. prince charming. duh
had an awsome 2 days with my babeyy girl +Teee 
got some beautiful flowers from my love... boy am I lucky 
@petewentz http://twitpic.com/3n4p2 - musical vein,fall out baby boy 
in bed shivering and sweating like a rapist.......children of dune is good tho 
@TJclark what about &quot;what's a girl to do?&quot; Watch the video too-that ought to do it. 
@SandyMcIlree sex. 
@youcollme I'm a cereal girl     http://tinyurl.com/3ayzrs
@nreda you can take the girl out of ny, but you can't get the ny out of the girl 
@hypnotistchris Bubble burst 4 evry child that thort that was where 'milkyway' came from, &amp; evry girl that thort it wud taste of choc 
Oh boy  &lt;3 2 weeks until I see my guy!!!
Is off the blighty at the weekend with the boy  such a museum geek.
@DanielMiller89 thanks  I shall watch soon with excitment *screams like a girl* lol haha hmm maybe not like a girl.
my hair smells like girl scout cookies. 
@maroonedcityluv  get back to work girl and stop twittering leave that to me  when you gonna upload the photo i took of u wall display
Is enjoying the sunshine &amp; waiting to see if my boy can survive his first solo encounter with my dog hehe 
waiting for gossip girl to starttt 
@amandaponce333 no drinking and driving!!!!  glad you're home safe girl!    xoxo
@Katsweat   I know, my nk friends are awesome   I am a lucky girl
fall out boy, may 8th  woohooo
The puppy still has no name, it's a girl, suggestions please? 
saideira: &quot;you know you love, xoxo, gissip girl&quot;      bye 
hung out with bestie. love ya girl 
@nadeaagus you're a strong girl!  i love your daily entries!
@TheDragonOfDoom um nope.. hopefully it will turn into one..lol my friend who was a suicide girl hooked me up 
pretty pink nails, sister's home, my sugar girl 
Hanging around with the boy until sleepy time. 
@thewoodyshow hey thanks for remembering me - the girl @WHITEMENACE said he'd do for sport!! 
@GadgetsWorld of course I love the video for the hot girl, but the technology and humour is great too, but the hot girl is the best part. 
@broknenglsh wow bro just wow lol can you sing it to a pic of a girl 
Heading to the beach w/the boy  gmornin t-lambs!
@lau_velazquez girl you should sell them honestly much better than the ones i get around in the stores.. 
@Tyrese4reaL i swear ur a hot boy not to be on ur bumper lol 
@officialTila   tila... wassup?   how u doin baby girl?   
http://twitpic.com/4e86h - i think we're looking cute! but i also think it's because of the girl of cuteness: michelle my french girl 
@aussiecynic too bad none lol maybe you could be an angel &amp;give me a cute australian boy? lol 
@Dutchrudder nice picliked others as well.yes you are a good boy.lol 
an odd, excentric, weird boy. what could be more interesting than that? 
I'm watching bubble boy while waiting for my egg sandwich. About to go split logs with justin. 
@mcflyharry We were a good crowd weren't we  I was the girl with the heart remember that haha   you guys are amazingggg
getting my hair done, then picking up my sweet baby girl! Then going out and about for a fun family day! Sounds good for a sunny saturday 
@richdixon68 schoolboy! Just don't do it. Ever. I don't 
i love my drunk texts off the boy! 
@JasonTboyPA oh just being the overly-sensitive cancer girl that I'm known to be. no big deal. 
My gorgeous boy playing with his musical toy- 10 wks old today!  http://twitpic.com/4eeth
@camilleisleta but it's still great isn't it? ) you can show your inner fan girl with all the twibes you join 
@jenessa17s happy bday pretty girl  wear sunscreen!
i'm dancing soulja boy with my brothers UHUHSAUHSAHSAUSA... so funny 
watching gossip girl yay 
but town was so busy i thought i was going to kill someone on many occasions. altho i did get to oogle lots of cute rocker/goth.emo boys! 
@rokku http://twitpic.com/4efdy - That's my boy - lounging around doing nothing. 
@ashtongosnell yay, prom! hahah. have fun, girl 
Aww this man is marching his 7 kids down the street and calling cadence. That's so cute to me. They're marching. Even the toddler. 
@brown9eyed9girl  glad you had fun
wow this girl's a munster ;-) --- looking at sunset now 
watching gossip girl 
calm down girl ;) it was pretty nasty. we're going to the ripley's believe it or not museum  @abigailbeatty
It's only 15 minutes if you pick it up, abd it also saves a delivery boy tip 
fall out boy's at metropolis and NOT at cepsum, YEYY 
@katlyn_says hi!  lol. You didn't say if it had to be a straight or gay boy!
my first white boy crush..... i have transcended all things superficial.... 29 is ever sooooo lovely 
 Feels like a giggly school girl!
is reminiscing about her childhood and this came to mind, http://tinyurl.com/rlpw6. She had one of these as a little girl 
watching gossip girl 
doing something for school -.- LALAALA yay i see conny in 3hours  i miss my girl soo much
@micabebecca awe its okay  You remind me of this beautiful girl i know too.
@katemccredie Yes, she's definitely a girl. The breeder had sexed her prior to sale. I'm sitting here not quite believing that she's mine 
I miss hanging out with you guys and getting to be a tomboy again, its great 
@samsafreak i thought that was a girl. my bad. rilliam beckette, wight? 
@katyperry i'd have liked to see her face when she heard I kissed a girl for the first time 
@girl307 @hashwindows thnx guys this is great 
@Spidersamm hahahah, i realise (: i'll win, i know it (: bradie would never hit a girl ;) unfortunately for him, i will hit a guy 
@caitlinbyrne i like the girl that plays chelseas sister dresss 
@veronicaluvsyou: bc when it saw u it screamed like a girl and went bac 2 its hidin place. 
@davicho It was just ok. Not great, not bad. But the boy enjoyed it. 
@eschipul That makes me an acrophobic valley girl. 
http://twitpic.com/4hdd0 - i love this girl so much, i don't tell her enough..bex i love you 
She was just a small twon girl living in a lonley world ! 
I'm stuck on a boy who fills me with joy 
@mckayla21 girl, what do you think im doing right now!? Studying psychology! 
were home, and the little girl just had a splash fest in the tub to get rid of some of that extra energy from being stuck in the stroller 
I'm just a nice girl...  http://twitpic.com/4hvn4
just soo everyone knows @erin_josephine is the sweetest person i know! seriously looove this girl!!  &lt;3
@mandyyjirouxx http://twitpic.com/4iwf7 - beach girl6 &amp; vfc yayyy 
@MerMango @mjb53 heck yes. remember boy wars on the playground (as in the boys captured kari tai every day) 
just came back from hanging with chels after work ended! boy that girl is a ball of fun 
@princess2802 Haha. I miss the boy smells! No matter, got another month to get em back 
@cathy_cochina40 lol thats funny! lucky girl!!!! 
watching this show where this girl feels like she needs implants. just to put it out there, boobs are cool; but i'm more of leg/a$$ guy. 
@BoomKatt yes yes I AM, networking whore to the fullest.......and this girl is rih next to me 
now we are cuddling.  girl cuddles are so fun and soft 
just arrived at @eurodjangocon, on about 150 fellows i can't see a girl! 
watching a gossip girl 
watching intense amounts of gossip girl 
watching old skool fall out boy vids 
@mumphlett  a good girl nevah tells hahahahaha! hope you had a good weekend
Chilling with my baybee sarah!  i love this girl 
@pauldoussay Yes, I'm the only stupid girl of my kind!! 
@margaretcho learn tw-headed boy by nutreal milk hotel 
@margaretcho learn two-headed boy by nutreal milk hotel 
gay culture is increasing in india,govt has to make new laws such as wat will be charges if a boy tease a boy nd wat if a boy rapes a boy 
@deeeniseee eh, you're a really nice girl   How are you? miss youuuuuuu
just got back from tori's. watching shark boy and lava girl 
I love my boy  he makes me so happy... and looks his sexiest in plain black boxers =p
watchin what a girl wants with mom and brittany.. 
@kirstiealley  Your such a riot!!    You go girl!!  
@cestcassie Aw, that song makes me think of girl scouts. 
i started and fisnihsed gossip girl yesert=day 
@shygamer @Zeralyn I told ya'll I am a good girl. You can see my halo and everything 
just got back from cheescake factory boy oh boy are my guts stuffed 
These difficult situation force us to think about marrying a lovable girl 
@whit3boy nah will didn't tell diego so we at some donminican spot getting fucked up 
@charlestrippy LOLL im a college girl...bahahah i love these blogs they're so funny! 
@iamjonathancook shes must be a truly amazing woman for having a phenomenal son.. 
On my way to see diplo with my girl kathryn at smartbar! 
@missflipflop Night girl! Seriously want to hear stories when you can 
@beach_girl3 awww its your b day?!?!?! Ahhh have a party!!! lol and invite me 
@ztnewetnorb haha me either but like ive always loved hilary  shes the girl id turn gay for  haha
@JennyBax I'm with ya on that one girl! 
haha @ playing fall out boy in a bar full of older people.  they's need to be educate.
@adnamay nite nite bday girl  have fun at concert
@RobPattinson444 thank you for accepting my request!! must take care of my little girl, maybe i write back later 
It's agreed if i find out who this girl was I'll punch her from everybody  xxx
watching run fat boy run...haha its soo funny. 
@theclimbx3 i knooow  its the pizza girl episode xD &lt;3
@pntbtrkisses a midwest girl, lol....so close and yet so far 
@sarahteaa good girl, sarah. now we've got ourselves a club 
going to watch boy in the striped pj's hope i don't cry 
back at home  ... it was so fun  .....watching gossip girl and 90210, beverly hills now )
@sarahdally true true  gossip girl it is then
wedding was mint  my mom is a one woman party.
http://twitpic.com/4wyj5 - daddys little girl 
is watching gossip girl. (and who am i?that`s the secret ill never tell, you know you love me, xoxo, gg.  hahaha!)
watching gossip girl. 
morning loves  danny &amp; i are getting ready. don't you love how i treat him like a girl? hahahah. than chicago w/ our mommies!
@dublinblondie my mother always warned me to watch irish blond ladies. They are always up to no good 
@dublinblondie my mother always warned me to watch irish blond ladies. They are always up to no good 
@dublinblondie my mother always warned me to watch irish blond ladies. They are always up to no good 
watchin that good ol sunday best!...i hope my girl jessica reedy wins with her jazzin it up self!  lol
@Bncngoffthwlls thanks!  I just couldn't resist the pic with my sweetie girl 
@SongzYuuup check out my remix to i need a girl   http://bit.ly/53vOj
oh boy [: do i lovee the sunnnn 
@beardedbrain http://twitpic.com/50pas - u my man!!! it actually does look pretty nice!! now find urself a girl and get married!! 
@RyanSeacrest yeah no doubt did appear on gossip girl..but their bands name was called 'snowed out' for the show 
watching gossip girl. 
aww srsly im starting to get a girl crush on lisa, because she is so sweet! 
@pastortattoo next lent boy.... do it.... see what happens. 
FINALLY i found my fake-pod some old tunes on this bad boy from when we jammed in the shed 
Gaah. I need my new cell so i can update! Weeeell going to watch gossip girl. Then read, sleep. hearts @LuisGZ2 teaimeyou  sweet dreams xo
a dude on poker thought i was a girl (even tho everybody else knew the truth) so he bought me a rose 
oh boy i want you  hahahahaha
u know those fantsay pic with the girl an the boy leaning on the lockers kissing .... yah it happened 
@bibs4drips If you get zits it's supposed to be a girl?  I haven't heard that one before 
@officialtila yea same here i lik to stay homee with a good girl...n id love to be that man with u  ...
@boilerfan_98 Knighty knight girl! talk to you tomorrow! 
@itsmeduh sheeeit girl I wasn't drinkin tonight lmao!!! I was just cravin one 
@smalltown_girl take your time 
@JessLeighMusic heyyyyyy girl! yay for having a twitter! 
 this girl is all smiles
@chrisdowling British internet girl, that's me!  xx
caught a smile from the hot hairdresser girl this morning...life is good 
@rockyeah im a girl 
@fhitria carefull girl he could've read ur tweet 
@Lindsayslifee hey girl  i miss you. &lt;3
@Terracegirl no i have not, you must have stolen it while i slept, you naughty girl you!! 
 you are so beautiful, you are that kind of girl that haas the chemical that makes me fall i inloveee&lt;3
@DIVASMISTRESS girl bye** lol  no love ?  i got som ish to tell u
has an unhealthy obsession with gossip girl... but i love it 
catching up on my gossip girl and packing 
@mylene_v hey girl 
@dannygokey feelins mutual danny boy 
@Wyldceltic1 And I was gonna say - quit holding out, girl!  
so theres this new girl... 
@URHot2 I'm trying girl! I can't believe how powerful negativity is, but I'm stronger than that. 
@onceatweeter you go girl! spread the word glad you are having fun you deserve it 
@myimperative member in 2nd grade when the little girl that you liked was  mean to you cause she liked you? There is your answer 
is a happy girl 
Just got home from driving around with the girl's lol to funny scaring the shit out of them is fun...so funny meg ripped her man pants 
Girls and alchohol are the best especially when there drunk makes a straight girl go lesbo........ 
@achurches hmm @fionagrant says she is a good girl 
got my tattoo on my foot....and boy did it hurt but i looks soooo good 
man.. rorie &amp; jess need to end up with eachother.. haha gilmore girls 
@FeeDidy you are not overweight!! seriously, you've got that figure every girl is envious of. 
@MsRobynP not yet but i wanna girl but will take a boi what ever got in her stomach i am good 
damn this girl is tha real deal! 
addiction #4.. the girl thing 
favorite gossip girl star???jessica szohr and blake lively..bow..haha 
I know your type, boy your dangerous   yay i loveee cobra starship  &amp; leighton meester 
watching gossip girl 
@croshane haha yes, you've always got to find out from each girl, we are all different 
@Zoeyjane I loved the moody blonde princess. 
well aren't you a busy girl @Haboushy I'm jealous...I mean, not about being a girl lol, but you gotta lot of excitement going on 
yay for chatting with cute boy! heheheheh 
watching gossip.girl on youtube. i love it 
will buy toys for the big boy and little princesses in my familia 
@jessstroup http://twitpic.com/5cjdk - indeed the most gorgeous girl in the world 
*sigh* can't wait to see my boy at the ballpark on wednesday 
had hell of a time at the pony...but now have to decide between eather redhead or goth girl   
@nuttychris well good 4 u! ha! now i wonder why you got no girl!  &amp; it is for me..haha!
boy across the room was giving me sex eyes. lol. too bad he was ugly 
@PoBK go:googlechrome ... It's the sex! 
pizzzzzzza and ralphs  ohhayyy nicks in love with the pizza girl. yayy
@txaggie94 again I ask, what was the naughty part? Seems like he is doing his job as a young boy very well 
@letssingbaby this is a boy who doesnt know wot cobra starship is this would b me  - http://mobypicture.com/?apbypt
is watching my girl, what a brilliant film for a sunday 
Oh wow, that girl putting the tarp up at the Phillies game yesterday was cute. 
my girl is almost as creepy as me 
@CourTAnAy89 watup sista girl. hope ur day is going great 
watchin' gossip girl X.O.X.O 
@refashionista Have more kids and hope one of them is a girl? 
@GriffinDJP hey cutie, thanks for being my body guard last night while the girls were gone!!! 
picked up parents from the airport!!!  I am a happy girl!!!
@ArmyOfMeat I liked the double meanings when the girl is getting the boys clothes off in ep1  
@KasiaStrz saw a shirt yesterday at the mall that reminded me of you.. &quot;Not only am I perfect.. I'm Polish!&quot; haha. have fun, girl 
@MelissaEGilbert you're a cougar. i've got resentments older than that kid. chris pine is a cutie, though.  
I've been a very bad lad. After dinner I had some rasperry ruffle cheesecake....oh boy it was so good 
Spendin some moola at the mall w the boy 
@SuzyG26 watchin your boy innit 
@NextwaveRay But a woman for your avatar? I'm confused 
boy after supervising you and the group carrying that heavy sound board. I need to get that spa.  
is soo happy that blair &amp; chuck end up together on gossip girl 
home after a fun night of hanging out with my favorite boy  and chilling with the girls 
@kittykatbar lol, oh best believe you ain't saying nothing but a word baby girl  *dreams of sexual twitruptions* lol j/p
@t0msw1ft hahaha..I know, I knew it was too good to be true, but a girl has to try! 
i love ddlovato and i dont doubt her, i cant wait for your tour girl.  love, marissa.
@cow12boys3 glad you are sleeping before 5am!  love you!
I have 25 videos of nursery rhymes now specially for a special little girl 
studying calling ;( but so is gossip girl and gossip girl wins  lol
@nickyy123 i know  that's why i call him sexy skittle sex ;)
very very happy girl, my best bud has just had a little boy!!!! 
at homee.. yeahhpp.. so sleepy am about to do my drama homework.. like a good girl 
@ladybug8320 and boy does it need some honing... any chance of a private lesson or two? ma'am 
loving fall out boy right now. 
watching gossip girl 
just chilling and watching the final of gossip girl 
i jus had a huge argument wit my girl but thank god its over n we r back to loving each other...... 
ciara: if that boy don't love u by now he will never ever love you 
@biliph oh I see, a girl said I was her bff, LOL, I got the wrong impression.. 
This girl is all mines  seeing her tommarow love u bree. http://short.to/a4ym
@Ellakopella: you go girl!  congrats for the race 
@chrisviamusic 's song 'Dream Girl'always chokes me up when i hear it. It melts my heart. That boy is probably my favorite person ever. 
@sarasaturday88 u need to start tweetin more girl 
Marion is a good girl. She never ate her chocolates yet.  Haha 
@PreciousParcels I would like to put my little girl into nursery, as it would be good for her to learn to shares things!! 
@oXQuinzelXo girl once you are out, you're finally free. i missed it for like two seconds and then i went to sleep! you'll be fine 
just asked some girl who she was.. turns out she goes to my school in my year. ahaha. now that's embarassing 
@_krristii lol same here girl! what i gave you was like only 10% of bands i like! hahaha 
@beanz80 LOL yeah, I generally have the mind of a teenage boy 
@GeeEasy go girl! exercising is the key to a faster metabolism! keep it up 
that girl in my picture? yeahh shes my best frann 
The nickname @geeneeyes is so saintly  Doesn't fit the whole big, bad, bike boy image!
absolutely loved gossip girl last night 
crazy woman with scissors!!! 
@kellimack ok tattoo princess 
@simalves for instance, you? LOL  if we can all be selfish I'd say he should definitely be with a younger non-Indian girl now. *ahem*
@mommypalooza yeah!!!!!  Boys rule! (I just hope that doesn't mean I'll be the first to have a girl!) 
i am talking to my fav girl 
@scarletmandy i don't mind if the kisses never stops .. well  hehe .. *makin face like a naughty little boy*
@supertali drink up girl! I think we have all deserved it this week 
wants msn to hurry up &amp; downloadd! watched gossip girl 
She's the type a girl tha'llllllmake u sayyyyyy!!!!!!! Woooooooooooo! 
@sdq0218 lol nah! I'm a nice girl 
is tooooooo excited to go to the zoo tomorrow with the sexiest boy 
#followfriday @pet2107 She's very beautiful and she shares her cupcakes, what more could a girl ask for? 
@jemimakiss And do you already know the answer? (anyway: it's a girl 
@noatishby beautiful! you go girl!  I also wrote a new song with a melody this morning, so happy about that.
@Deneilleee heyy girl! This is super fun! 
#followfriday megapixel - She's a good girl 
@Lyssarrgh looose woman  I shall do that when I get 2 my yard from college  done that glist ting doe 
No sleep, but i get to see my dani girl 
@nycrican2 nope mac girl. 
got concert tickets to mcfly's show!! im happiest girl     
on the bright side, i have got my sack boy. 
@HazalSelena lol  you're my fast girl now ;) lmao like it? I love it ? and ur icon too !! sorry
http://tinyurl.com/on6cm9 is starting off with her balloon boy! What fun! and only 9am...ill be blowing hard 
@CoyotegurlNikki oh boy....caging monkeys, huh? this weekend could get interesting.... 
woo almost weekend! working til 5, then girl's night with my two crazy cousins! margaritaaasssss 
I need a name for my puppy..any ideas? She's a girl  http://twitgoo.com/7bcx
i kissed a girl and I liked it. the taste of her cherry chapstick. I kissed a girl just to try it.  hahahaha siiiiiiiikeeee ;)
@nicolejjackson gossip girl is a great show!!! 
@msrachelriley I need my fat girl beauty rest  
just remembered, cousin's baby girl is due today. 
@OrigSupawoman girl, now you know that's a lie. I would never 
@madlyv night girl  sweet dreams when ya get there!
Staying the night at my baby boy's house  goodnight everyone! &lt;3
@akbaramaru Yeaaa I know, bad innit, rude boy? 
rissa and i just came to the realization that we are totally seth and evan from superbad...in girl form 
Is finally off  now i can talk to that boy that makes me happy and wavi my bloody takeove with the roomies! *danielle*
@summerblonde83 haha yep. i love the fact that he doesn't run out and kiss the first girl he sees  ... yay for boys who wait for that.
@UndeniableQueen You know you my girl for awhile now LOL 
@latt3girl blimey, u should've given me a bell 
I want a lover I dont have to love. i want a boy so drunk he doesnt talk....anyone up for it? 
@emilam check out my boy hair   http://twitpic.com/61y9x
@FakerParis i go on that boy's myspace everyday and blast every song while getting ready 
@DaKingOfPorn Be a good boy...and bring me back a somethin nice 
@iDaburn congrats on having a daughter!  buying girl clothes and girl toys is super fun, speaking as an aunt of two nieces 
kiera james: my pe shirt is so tiny and weird. haha i love that girl 
is watching tv and thinking about this boy... 
@abrownlee sweeeet girl! i still dont know what to wear but whatevaaa ha 
kiss the girl (the one with kris allen. addict.) 
this boy is so amazing. and he wears colored skinny jeans  what a hotttiiiieee
@officialTila you gotta sell your self for more than $5.99 girl! Even barbie sells for $19.99 and shes 8 inches and plastic! 
@manishpolitix sorry had 2 get that off my chest!!! I'm a good girl 
@shutupslut nice gossip girl quote 
 i love singing along with my baby  ....our favorite song is the best !!! ... and sex was delicious &lt;3 hahaha
introducing my brother to the world of gossip girl 
Laying in bed just chillaxin...watch the little boy cousins 2morrow 
@sexydeadstar are you a barbie girl? j/k 
@uhohitskates no prob girl drake is incredible and i listen to him everydayyy... Thanks for reading! 
No Doubt was suh weet... and i realized i'm just a girl 
or let's dance to the sound of twilight action girl 
it's over! like teen girl squad &amp; just realized other things goin' on  
Someone came in my room and asked me if I was a girl or guy....I laughed 
i guess malibu will do  hmm do i like this boy?? should i hook his heart?
If i were a boy,i will play soccer everyday. and if i were a girl, i will going shopping a day long. 
getting ready to go to town with my lil girl and do some shopping 
@Kyliestreet i would say we find me a lady first then we will see what we can do on finding you a boy! 
@atchoo you go, my girl! that's the foremost reason why i love you  re: me being me
@perky88 you're not an idiot, girl 
