Most common words for this cluster:
[('girls', 577), ('boys', 351), ('men', 92), ('women', 67), ('lol', 37), ('com', 27), ('ladies', 26), ('night', 20), ('http', 20), ('u', 17), ('x', 17), ('guys', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'girls', 0.9410214424133301), (u'boys', 0.9183418154716492), (u'kids', 0.6680845022201538), (u'teenage_girls', 0.6496413350105286), (u'men', 0.6486773490905762), (u'teenagers', 0.6473524570465088), (u'Girls', 0.6411342024803162), (u'ladies', 0.6392227411270142), (u'women', 0.6352928280830383), (u'girl', 0.6301431059837341)]





accidentally listened to the new sugababes album   playing four girls aloud hits sequentially to purge the memory
@Schofe I feel so sorry for the women that lost her husband to those disgusting thugs! Hearing her story made me cry 
is watchin candy girls......why cant i b in a video......sux dey mainly use american girls 
@missmahget I think only girls sleep on their hands, cause I always hear of girls waking up with F's or X's on their cheeks.  That sucks 
i cant believe boys like girls actually considered touring in brazil! i wish they'd come 
boredddd watching boys play madden 
3 beautiful women here.  all taken. grr. lol
@helgaN me too come here let's have a girls night 
Watching @moldizzle get ready for her big girls weekend... away from me 
breakfast with the girls....then driving back  i will miss athens..
im always hanging with the boys...and feeling left out 
why can't even women close doors without slamming them? jeeeezzz 
can't beleive how quiet it is without the boys running around  miss them so much.
never sees any girls she likes on canal street 
heading to bed watching the golden girls missing someone special 
@angieODT79  I don't think that we're going to make it tonight girls... but we did our best @dannywood would be proud!!
does not come from a land down under, where women glow and men plunder 
Says that i probably won't even go  and i hate boys
I could care less about the drama threads that are there for two seconds.  I do miss talking to my girls at home
@vivalariaa i missed you more. and the boys too. 
where are my girls  make me happy. i need you!!!
@SamanthaPadilla aw I wanted to go but didn't know any of my girls were going 
Is not recovering very well from a night in with the girls 
i wish boys weren't so dumb. 
is finally seeing the girls later ? but after some serious essay writing 
my girls are sick 
on a random update: some women just shouldn't be mothers  *grumble grumble*
@AveryisBAMF vagina. it's a body part. most women and some men have one. what if i was suicidal, you bitch  you have no love.
@geekigirl  we'll have to have another girls night of fabulous and fashion!
@clairelouise2 this is the time where my girls started doing this 
@myonlyeverglow Can you believe how long this has been going on and to what extent? Those poor boys 
It is a growing problem, happening to such innocent girls 
@Bapess when you say 'asian women' are you referring to myself?  
is watching loose women ... very bored 
women like to exploit my talents and men want to use my body 
got to dash out to get new trainers for the boys - they managed to destroy theirs during the holidays 
Theres no pretty girls 
@kaylacollins And why do men suck might I ask? 
i need a new boyfreind ; this isnt working ; he's trying get freeky with girls i'm following 
i dont have a milkshake to bring the boys to the yard 
Wish I'd woken the girls... now I feel bad 
@theosko  the boys at my sisters hs play like me... Maaybe I AM a cougar   lmao!
I Miss my boys 
Just got back from X-men. disappointed. 
@sexpensive ok, good. Makes me sad when girls just kiss girls cause they think it's cool to do  that's cool! I haven't seen her live yet
wow i thought a weave was supposed 2 blend, i just stepped on this girls weave, i feel bad 
@agelessdaughter DUDE, I was going to go to lexington last weekend, but I had a fucking girls in research leadership academy to attend 
Then I got made fun of by black girls 
i think i like boys now  too many girls turned me down
@lilmissdainty sum girls dun like it... 
http://tinyurl.com/cesshk this girls amazing. and i hate taylor swift. i wish i could sing like her 
I feel really sick when I see pregnant women 
going out with the boys again. i don't even rmbr the last time my gfs wanted to go out with me 
@mrnicklevine I'm *almost* there now but I'm not going to lie to you - having some of girls aloud with me would have helped 
@kevinbeasley ty bobweiser, can you get me a new computer too? I miss my girls. 
@edgie_01 when i used to watch playboy girls holly alway replied people!  i hope she replies me!...i feel soo weird though.
Just saw x men  with taylor i liked it she didnt... 
missing my boys 
@burrito there's no girls 
sunday... and i have to study...   (at least i'm studying with the girls...^^)
I'll miss my girls!   ?
@girls_singing bakit? 
is about to go and watch the boys play football in celebration of getting older..happy dayz 
I miss my girls 
Mean girls is on! Why does aaron samuels have to be gay? It's so sad 
The girls are frantically packing and I'm sad. 
i need more concerts to go to, i miss my ftsk boys 
Is at her last youth group.  wow this flewwwww by.
sigh, girls didn't make it 
@tofumon lol thats what i want to no.   i just want to hear the other girls sing the song. i hope its just gets better.
How can girls murder their babies??? wtf??? It's sickening 
are all men tossers?? i don't want to be alone forever! 
@MikeWoodsFox5 i guess my boys aren't playin baseball this week 
some girls have all the luck. 
Today I had to block 5 women  I'm really NOT interested in dates with women *lol* I'm married and I'm happy with the man I have *lol*
@peterchristy those girls aren't real???  self esteem going down... 
I want boys to write love poems for me 
Has just watched the little kids play footy. sadly no cute boys there  LOL
Wow I'm ready to go home. The boys have been in their crates since 2. 
boys suck 
i am so upset with @jeffreecuntstar he kicked me and @hannah_rose out of the stickam chat because we are girls 
IF the boys are going, making the decision would be extremely tougher. but then again steffi won't be going 
@JoshBkelley just wanted to say the youngstown girls miss you  .. &amp; what happened to tell it like it is on itunes? cant find it!
i miss the girls aloud concert  xoxo
@Spitphyre girls i am outta it then  my exams
While boys play I collect mosquito bites.   http://twitpic.com/4ygz5
shoot, im so made they didnt set the mtl date before now...i miss u girls!!!! 
Why are boys so inconsiderate and mean? 
@simoncurtis Oh  your making me sad, I bet there are plenty of girls out there who would love to be yours forever (including me)
i am jealous of girls who don't need a bra... i wish my coconuts were smaller 
Missing the ladies 
I miss my ladies 
until yesterday i thought japanese girls didnt gossip 
http://bit.ly/19A1Qz  i love you girls &lt;3 you're my family  team nika 08-09
@MrExclusive84 boys 
Some boys are so annoying,and so hard to trust 
i miss my bff girls  damn..
Just heard that my latest shoot went wrong. Two girls didn't turn up and the photographer could only get one replacement 
 girls girls. don't fight! you both can have me! there's enough to go around!
i already miss my girls! 
sandy just made my night and doesn't even know it...I miss you girls 
I so hate females  they cause to much drama 
guess my girls are gone.. 
@uamada @jennicki There's more girls' shirts than guys - &amp; I'd probably have to ask for some cash too (mostly for postage). 
@goddessgreeneye haha forgive me..the girls and i had a very interesting lovefest over him.but he wasnt around. 
is going to watch brothers and sisters all night!..whilst being sad becuase im not at girls aloud 
tractive young women') haha what a shame i have to go home and revise 
i knooo, the two girls i like are the two girls who have to pick between two guyz and not one of them is me 
I miss the boys 
missing youth group 
Ughhh men suck 
One last final, my boys felt their first real shake 
donnie stop kissing these women please! 
@heatherm92 I hate gilmore girls 
missing my ladies from HamburgCity and VillageSalzgitter 
@retr0spect i tried to see telepathe but they were full up!  sads. vivian girls, banjo or freakout+bombay bicycle club were amazing!
@130587 awwww  i'm so sorry!!!! there will be other gap toothed boys for you
single again, apparently...fuck, that's no good for me OR unsuspecting women... 
well both the bruins and the celtics lost   maybe next year boys
ah one of the dancing girls will already be leaving us in january  sucks
@thecrazyjogger lol if i ran at night I would have people trying to follow me and bothering me.. stupid boys...  
@johncdinco yeahh i've seen em  i pity the girls 
has cancelled the removal men 
@Ryskrett: no pics of drunk girls though 
@momof3crazykids That's disturbing and heart breaking, some women aren't meant to be mothers. 
I love these girls; I miss kelli far too much   http://twitpic.com/5oyvf
@shanatg i'm really sorry  demerits is a good idea, if there was a conduct grade girls would freak out more about good behavior
Where the big girls at ? So fucking bored 
reflecting about all the men who have hurt me.  why!!! lol
All this moisture might've made our girls sick 
@cupcakeloser I just have to hope for a big litter of girls, I don't have enough cages to keep any more boys. 
just dropped off my girls. 
The only girls that love me are on ecstasy 
@myohmy2boys I've never actually watched it.. But I'm really deeply sad for them.... 
Some girls don't care for respectful or polite and break hearts regardless of how your treat them  I'm sorry
making a bracelet for the voog, and watching the wrestler with my girls. last cpt ever tomorrow. 
Ugh really... I needa figure out where zakk and john are. I miss muh boys 
boys SUCCK 
watching men in black. ugh i miss you 
boys and girls lie? awww is santa not real either? 
#liesboystell Your the only one, I love (they really have several women) 
I miss my boys 
the #liesgirlstell and #liesboystell threads show how women and men alike are screwed up and struggle to have real, honest relationships 
kids out for summer/ pool has been taken over/ no more tanning girls  #haiku #yayschoolisout #sarcasm
@amandagelso i know  mark is still one of my favorite boys ever. So nice and adorable.
Sometimes I forget that boys have feelings too 
Seriously. I dont like girls. 
@jeremy6d ditching out again?  you will be missed. I wish my ruby boys would represent.
Hates leaving teddy ... Now I'm miss both my boys  damn
@payforglory i am sorry i don't like girls ~that way 
watching the final episode of boys before flowers 
I lied have yet to see good looking men 
Why is looking for girls names easier than looking for boys 
Watching maxium 100. Why can't I look beautiful like those girls. 
@julezykins must be kidding. No boys (definately)(I hope anyway o_O) and no girls (probably) honest I must be proper ugly no-one likes me 
I'm needing a girls night, wearing sweats, watching movies, eating chocolate and talking about boys 
sore head..hope my girls ok 
@ABOResearch Pleased to hear it, but still I am shamed sometimes to hear what some men do 
 dont get to see my boys tomorroww.im sad
i hate stupid boys! arrgh 
@babyjidesign: what a cute pic of the girls, and so vibrant.  I didn't get anything cpeven close.  
bummed about the softball loss 0-1   These girls are so good at only 12!
i've become one of those pathetic girls that feel lonely without their boyfriends hahaha i miss josey already!! 
@branewurms that took me 3 rereads to see you didnt say eat &quot;girls&quot; instead of actually grits. I'm disappointed. 
At dinner with the boys. They are all sexting. I need a sexting partner. 
@HBcarlo nothing cute for girls. I miss vegas 
I just passed a restaraunt called the great escape and it made me remember how bad i need boys like girls back on my ipod 
WIshing I was out with the girls tonight 
i hate ghetto boys who bring ghetto girls to parties  &quot;dude we got like sophmores in hs here&quot;
#myweakness .... girls. girls are my weakness.. i fall in love with them so easily  
Two girls just stopped by the house and took our last two kittens 
It's always nice to b awakened before 06:00, especially after turning in after midnight  I love our two boys !
@30SECONDSTOMARS I need this cd now.. please hurry up boys 
missing my boys touch and trying NOT to freeze 
#myweakness fictional boys whose lack of existence are severely unfortunate. 
@terrikap you can do it! i love you girls. 
minding the boys for the weekend... they woke me up incredubly early   the boys are two dogs btw!!!
in bed, revising for exams  any girls want to help me out of boredem? x
@Andreaheartscgh wahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i missed hot boys. 
they are losing to backstreet boys!! 
You DESTROYED that  girls heart for no reason 
Is waking up with boys everywhere but none of them are mine 
@gomelissago Yes! There isn't one anywhere near me though  and even plus size swim suits aren't made to support my girls.
There are some really creepy men on Trekspace.  and they love to hit on little ol' me.
Oh god, especially the women...that well has run dry, haha 
watching oprah's show the about bullies n the 2 boys who killed thr self cuz of that 
@mrowsell I know, I didn't give it airtime but now the boys are over it HAS to be on! 
I feel so bad for the old man  the girls amazing!!
@urrekah just saw the golden girls where are you 
There are so many girls, and so few princes.  whaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!
@animekiid10 what's going on with the boys now britty? 
@PsychBrat just saw some questionable comments from other girls.  
http://twitpic.com/6a712 - I miss my girls 
@MollieOfficial  i love ur and ur girls music its brill i wud love to see u and the girls live! u played at my freshers ball but i missed 
We had a great time at the waterpark.  The girls did get sunburned though.  
@FernandoLoo u just want to beat me up!!  women self defense??
i'm here and the girls in mcfly 
Those page 3 girls will be so embarrassed when they see they forgot to put clothes on 
Just watched my boys graduate  I feel soo old!
@ticklemesavi I do have that effect on the ladies 
@ReeReeKins oooo hey!! I wish you were closer so we could do a girls day.. 
watched drunken teenage boys nicking off with some poor sod's bike...didn't know what to do  thieves are rubbish.
@anastaciakayray  Boys are seriously stupid. I say we gather up some rocks or something &amp; throw them @ them.
So jealous,all these women have big diamonds on 
@saamantha: I need more friends too. I miss my girls! 
Straight from the show to the plane. I really wanted to stay and party with the lacrosse girls  #fb
missing my girls 
was not allowed at the boys club 
Why do boys take so long to answer question! 
@ariellagalit by the way, i'll be at bowling on monday.  no attractive females or males to bring though 
At tabu and I miss my girls 
@sechegaray I totally agree with that... And the math stuff is even harder for me so some girls are just impossible 
@parisxxx awe babe why do you hate boys!? 
is sad she couldn't go out with her girls tonight  It's been too long....
@imhassan because men cause them misery .. 
is hoping that the girls he just hangout with don't think he is a freak. 
Ps no aforementioned cute boys 
Is watching reruns of gilmore girls, why do they always pull the plug on the good shows! 
@breatheintome I think that girls these days grow up too fast 
boys are poop who wont let me smoke a cigg  gqjjdadmdla
@JrTweeets na my girls w me 
@PembsDave  photo of women on bench. 
@shaundiviney what's all this talk of my danan boys ripping on my ss boys? 
I miss my girls 
@MozRocks it's really cloudy here...  all the girls in bikinis in the park have given up and gone indoors
had a very intense drama filled night, i swear boys are more tempremental than girls some times!! spent tooo mcuh money though!!!! 
feels so sad at all the unwanted girls in india 
 i miss my boys....
@shari I'm not sure she's into women, unfortunately  She's truely gorgeous ...
at the mall checking out girls everyone looks 16yrs old 
 My girls got beat by the grubiest team in the primary girls football 5-2. On the upside my girls played great game 
I don't know how I would survive without @anjt and @anddrreeaag and @marianasantos15  love you girls&lt;3
@larindavictoria was soooo perfect! i saw the boys at the hotel.. but we didn't took pictures, cause had loooots of fans! 
Where are all ma girls tonight 
Why do i always go after girls that have boyfriends??  
so it turns out i'm mildly allergic to my ratty boys. 
@RedAntiques No smokers round here, only good girls. Which is a pity really 
@GlamFetish88 nooo i wish! but i miss you girls ever so much 
Haha, the girls in front of me bought gifts for paramore. it makes me feel bad... 
Kings of leon can rip a girls heart out 
i miss my friends  i love my girls!!
even the strongest men get upset  
@JWNY women are always ailing us  very soon I having same problem of women n more women
aww. One of the girls died in the movie!! 
some cute girls at the bbq but i think every single one of them raps/sings 
@tommcfly tom there's like 10 girls outside from the hotel now  please come to see us :/ we're here waiting 4 you guys for so long please!
where are my boys? 
I miss my boys. 
after a fabulous cookout with the girls i'm full and now not feeling too hot 
Finally home after a great weekend with the girls minus susu    love u
Of course it starts thunderstorming when the boys go for a beer run 
i miss hanging out with my boys. 
@rozie17 No i didnt get to cause of the chemistry girls. I scared about tomorrow 
im missing my girls soo much 
@crazycolours similar taste in men then - except cowell 
I'm invisible to you right ? Because i try &amp; you dont care...  @SexiiParis I'm so sorry my baby :'( boys apparently like sluts... =/
@culturesclothes boys boys boys 
@sleabo How would you describe her....and not all boys are weird 
@joeymcintyre Instead of eating breakfast with you     I guess I'll go munch on my leftover doughnuts from girls weekend.
Why are all the girls in my grade ugly!?  (via #zenjar )
Morning ladies. Now... I must get up. 
At waiting room some fugly women here with kids 
My boys are sick  wishing we could all be home so I can take care of them!
just finished of mice and men!  so sadddddddd.
i miss my ic girls 
i need to see them... i need to see @varsityfc.... i need to see my girls.... this just kills me 
@shaaqT @poojarazdan lucky girls!!! here neither have i baked one nor has mom baked one! 
the girls unfortunatly lost the waterfight 
oh i hate it when the boys fight 
@jimgaffigan i miss my boys already. 
@imeyouimyour I know, I hate to see men cry 
No actual youth group 
@meggytron did you happen to save the boys pulling faces pic? I can't seem to open it 
@mollypockets aw i miss you girls 
Unpacking listen to the clash missing my boys 
iwonder if girls think of him before they go to sleep, just the way i do? do they get butterflies and shake when they see him? hmmm... 
HaileyD makes little girls cry. Including me. 
had fun admiring my crush but was sad when i saw him on other girls  i.&lt;3.life*
@birdman4512 without those lovely marketing girls 
(@brennabytes) Shut up i have those valley center girls. 
Misses her boys   Y'all know who you are.
boys suck ! :S   
@arianataiaroa You could search aerobics on limewire? I did that.. One of my girls broke her leg 
How many girlfriends have you had? I am getting one after another! But then I get dumped  Ahh well, I will get more girls in my life.
hahaha! tonight is fucking ridiculous! but sooo entertaining. too bad no cute boys  @jenina_
also, I miss my boys. 
I miss you girls! 
is late for boys over flowers 
I want to know where all the cute ndn boys are at, because they sure as hell don't live by me 
school  then seeing my 2 fav boys tonight &lt;3
Up early for another lovely day. I miss the girls 
@HeartStarBolt  it makes me so sad to watch the golden girls now knowing 2 of them are no longer with us. 
@veronicasmusic of course they wouldn't be playing at your only show i can go to.  oh well, can't wait to see you girls at KFest!
1 after another i could not log in to blogger .Since i am really hooked with boys over flowers i abandon news and massu.i felt so guilty 
i want to go to girls aloud again 
i hate boys !  lol
I wish I had a female friend that I could gossip with about boys, do stupid girlie things...since high school I haven't had that 
@BNiez i cant play with out you it would just be illegal. And i dunno i am just missing ue girls tonight 
Why does thunder have to be loud &amp; scary? It makes girls like me scared to sleep.. 
missin my lost boys 
@nicholasbraun what no response  but on the boat we had prom I. there was a hottub and some girls fell in wearing there dresses also
aww the poor guy got 0 girls on taken out. I feel so bad for him  awwww
why are all of the girls that are pretty have to be little whores?  seriously....
men love to talk about startups, sports, spyware, what happned to good ol sex 
@mousebudden  all the girls in tha waiting room. &amp; u still havent followed me. 
@SirRawlins There were a few ladies at #SotR09 but when I started recorded they had all gone 
all the boys are leaving for town sports 
Why are all the hot men gay???   
can't stand the fact I lost the chanced to meet my boys  sad xx
@feleciacruz girls work in bars from all ages... In some places the younger the better 
@mycineplex The top 10 females, the top 10 men actors (I was the second post), taking of pelham 123, angels and demons.... so 4 of them 
some girls look for drama, yet I am one that tries to hide from it. These past few months it looks like it has found me. 
My boys are wheels up. 
@comeagainjen i am going to a party for the boys and girls club i worked at that is shutting for good.. 
Thinking hard about cutting out early. I want to take the girls out, but it's pouring. 
@MayaraLemos hoo ... Why do women can't stop eating ??? ( i'm like you ...   )
Waiting to hear back from the girls...What should I wear? If i knew where we're going that would help me out lots, but i dont 
my gaydar for guys is really good, but my gaydar for girls seems to be broken  wahh. NOT helping!
movie with the girls!! miss you dad 
@TheRealJordin same here  but that's what makes girls so strong 
pretty much w/ the girls tonight! (minus 1  )
@ddlovato so what your saying is girls who are fat and skinny aren't normal? be careful with your words girl! 
taking one for the team? biggest problem in swingerdom - the girls are always hot, the guys not so much. 
@DiiLee looool baas really i hate when girls think thats all we think about 
Missing my boys and girls alot  cant wait till you are all back for summer x
dinner with the girls minus @musicobsessed5 
I really miss my girls... And my bros. 
@golfetail Have any women's, mine lst in fire 
I'm at hooters will my boys...I miss working here 
watching the girls next door... its a sad episode 
@arbeeezy I was scared of girls back then...I dance with myself  fail
I sooooo wanna give the girls next door makeovers. They dress so 
going out dinner with my girls! wish i had some cute guys to go with 
fuck boys! 
@AquaRuby thanx shes on my sisters lil girls twitter 
Drink 2.....asking boys which shoes look better. Boys don't care......boo boys. 
the boys just hung up on me! 
all boys are the same.. even the nice christian ones  oh well.
http://twitpic.com/6punl - I got a timeout  those girls are not fair!
@CanadasMichelle well skuzy men are among the scummiest around, ew 
@LauraManiscalco all the cute boys become ugly when they get older  hahha
banquet &lt;3 I'm going to miss the girls so much 
@elizabethashlee awww i miss my girls!!! 
on the compy while the boys sleep.... ugh i hate insomnia 
i just really want to smack her,. and ann i hope the boys dont tweet anything 
gilmore girls is totally the best series, too bad they canceled it 
It's so sad, 2 of my YNTG girls didn't enter. They're out 
@riandawson they should be greatful that they went to see you an the boys! not like some of us that didnt aka me! 
awww just finished boys before flowers 
@sazinwonderland Hahahh it turned out way better than expected.. but she didnt sing stupid girls  ahahah
@tommcfly your fans are cheating tho using proxy sites    i thought mcfly were good boys too ..lol.
three is good.. but four girls is GIRLICIOUS! 
bachelorette!!!!! plus all my girls together again for the last time for who know when! 
Why do old men love me at bars!?!?!?! 
hates to see good girls cry in the train. 
I really need a girls day out badly. 
@atlnightspots What's in the ordinary? I can't decide where we're going for a girls night out. 
@mossyrants Also, in his first weeks there (as only boy) some girls kept telling him boys weren't allowed, was girls-only class, etc. 
teenage girls give me headaches... 
Last day with my girls 
Heading to my girls goin away party 
@showtime757 I don't think I'm doin anything. All my girls moved away 
@mishmash87  no boys or anything?
And I don't mean that positively. Turns out this dance program is dressing little girls up like those beauty pageant kids 
is getting the girls ready for bed.  too bad no tats   oh well another day
...shopping at 8:41 p.m. I hate shopping... I hate looking at materialistic girls... If only I did not have a important dinner to go to. 
about to die... that's what regular girls do when having so much homework, ahahaha 
 girls are so mean now a days damn
Whoever invented heels hated women  . . .
DDub, your lawn seat girls can't see a thing... 
I am missing my boys!!! 
Dion is makin me watch cheetah girls. 
Hanging with the girls tonight! 
@alexgisforme3 i just mean when you respond to these girls it just makes them more annoyed with you  and yeah, she had six!
says i have lost some brain cells...cheetah girls killed them.  http://plurk.com/p/yzfdf
Small Asian men attacking 
@roaraaa cuz girls don't like me 
missing @andiii_ &amp; @brunalc   I love you girls &lt;3
i miss my boys like girls braclet...i feel like ive betrayed my fav band 
I really want to ask some girls out that I know, but I am too much of a wimp too do it 
@Taylorswift13 you are meeting 4 girls right now and they wouldn't let me by myself have a pic 
Waiting for my hubby. I miss my girls! @onyaagorjes fubii and danty also nane 
Wish I was bonding with the soccer girls 
cute boys who like younger girls = waste of cute 
having one more shot then bye bye - to my girls  - i need my bed.
@SARAAAilyy I couldn't  my dad said we had to go... but those girls were soo crazy!! there was like a huge mob!
wonder girls + jonas brothers = o___O; why can't we have any other group besides wonder girls come here~  
@vickytcobra Because they don't  silly cute boys
was excited to see that that 2 more twitterers were following her... but to her chagrin, it turned out to be girls with webcams 
On my way back from an awesome ass asian party with hilarious guys and numerous beautiful girls but i think the girls were all taken 
it's raining... not men, water... 
The girls just left. I miss them already 
Men against boys...... 
boys suck, fml . 
I miss my girls 
@FoxyOxymoron I have both of those! It's not the same at all  I need my boys closer.
@Ratchyl but you're sitting next to the most amazing girls ever. 
why are all men just born liars 
http://twitpic.com/6u30h - i miss these girls 
One of boys (cats) is not feeling well. He's 15 years old. I hope he's going to be okay!  
i hate girls 
@jarekd errrmm you CAN'T say anything bad about my girls or their tunes right now..leave em be.. bad J.. 
i already miss @lauraparizi and @gabigrandini  love u girls &lt;3
@evasteward nooo you can't come to girls night 
very poor performance by our boys 
one of the few days that seeing pretty girls makes me a very sad panda 
why are girls so mean to each other? Little MissM just got into it with the neighbor girls   makes me sad.
@munford1  eating sadness pie here--- my boys were beaten 
is kinda sad about the women across the street breaking up. 
@Acely  I wuv you! And boys are dumb
My girls just left for their moms for entire month this will be longest we have been apart. 
I hate being gay as I can't enjoy the hot men, no-one talks about the hot women 
@lookinlikdanger i wish! 1st time but I hear they are only 30 sec. long with groups of 10 girls! no cameras or autographs allowed! 
On my way to annandale to supervise my girls and their &quot;boyfriends&quot;... ::sigh:: their 15! 
@kllybntly @landrsn  @adotte @kristiemccready  I miss you girls 
@janeburgess yeah + I found it weird the girls he targeted.. there were only like 10 of us.. I hope I dont get deleted 
boys r so confusing  i hate it
@hollymadison123 I want girls nigth too 
@sweetnheavenly haha girls like you ,were the reason i stuffed ! i was flatchested up to the 9th grade  .
@joeys_nurse very poor promotion...and the boys must have oked it I'm guessing... very hurt and feel a little lost... 
Why do creepy old men keep looking at me. 
boys, boys , boys...who needs them...we all do 
bedtime.....i miss the boys 
In need of a toilet badly  Z's boys are bullying me. - http://tweet.sg
I wish I was on a train going to are our jonas boys 
@louloubell85 I've officially given up on men 
It is toooo shooorrtt!! I need moooree time with u girls!!  http://mypict.me/3Utb
I miss my valley boys! 
Missing my girls already 
It annoys me men can walk around with no tops on but women cant. I wanna get top nakey too!!! 
@turtallytayla what about your girls?? 
@frankiejs  i hate boys franks.
@eenglund jersey girls suck, boys suck, not having a car anymore sucks, and missing boston and everyone there is sooo sad 
@ExecPoise I've seen girls with them, but idk where they go to get em done.. 
so happy to see my boys playing with their cousins ..... too bad i forgot my camera 
my brothers baseball game was cancelled.  now imma be missin vball. sorry girls!
A girl from other team just got hurt from a slide @ home plate from 1of our girls 
not even upset about boys anymore, just numb 
so much for the boys camping out back 
@CDAWGLINLEY http://bit.ly/SFOyH  who are these girls? 
i wish girls were not so mean to me 
@park_l orrrrrrrrr cause i smell like pineapples?! ..girls don't smell 
It's raining!! But there are no men! I'm bummed. 
My girls mad at me and now I'm at my moms house 
@GarciaDarling stop crusing my hopes and dreams!!  lol... yea but is a recession... no jobs.. except for the girls girls girls on suns ...
All of my boys are gone 
Why must I always fall for da small boys 
That's too bad  Girls are awful anyway lol.
This is the worse jonas song they ever had, sory boys and girls 
This is the worse jonas song they ever had, sorry boys and girls 
Why do us girls have to go back to stupid boys!  ahh fuck me!&lt;/3
Misses when they were my fave two boys  ... now I only have one.
@haveyouever been followed by @hotgaymess? I have...apparently gay guys are attracted to me...if only i could get some girls 
i feel so sorry for one of my friends. i've known her 15yrs and she is one of the awesomest girls EVER but nobody ever seems to like her 
why does @bradiewebbstack reply to all the pretty girls? how sad 
one of the mainstage shows at nationals is boys next door.  that could have been us.
I hate boys 
ah! kris got a trip  now what do I do with the boys
@Samanthy6 stalkin your squishy now :p they are boys size, im stupid and didnt check sizes 
where oh were are my favorite girls?  @djTracyYoung and @smaggg   i miss them mucho.
missing the spice girls so much, come back!!!!!! 
i need to stop looking at pics of skinny girls becoz its makin me depressed 
@queenreesa, #iRemember, freshman year, when i was hella fast. i talked to all those group of black boys ahahha. everyone. 
@AmandaChanguris @mammamania I haven't even been to one where boys were allowed, yet. 
Hates when my boys get hurt 
watching what women want. just cried a little 
boys, broken my heart, boys as you  make girls cry, girls as me!
@ms_cornwall @felicityfuller It seems @lynnesse has gone to discipline the girls again 
Holding a funeral ceremony for the bird the boys found 
@AbbyHart yet another thing I'm not able to do to get girls 
just saw sarah with two other girls one was pretty but the other wasnt 
@samjones7 I wish but I couldnt make it out till later, u girls will already be done 
@MissBehavinnn  ha I love girls too! We gots somethin in commons.
missing my girls 
@danecook awwww that was so sweet and adorable.  why can't all men be as thoughtful as you???   
Oh what a wonderful world it would be if males stepped up and became men. I see 2 many males wasting their time here on earth. 2 many. 
@joeymcintyre how do these girls get to meet u guys I went to a show and could not get ne where near u!!! wish i could 
I miss my boys 
@djknucklehead Are you guys actually fighting?  If so, i hope everything works out! No more fighting boys! You need to get along.
says boys before flowers makes me sick  http://plurk.com/p/11iah0
having an orgy...too many girls. 
@gafl the straps do nothing for a girls ankles 
going to bed... boys suck... serriously 
men, it's raining again 
why am i still up? the girls i was talkin to stopped txting me  watching cool runnings. go jamacia!
@BrianNippon I miss my boys  &lt;333
The boys just canceled plans. I'm kinda bummed 
@AdzNGreg sweet as!! i cant believe i will actually get to see you two boys again in the flesh!! been waaaay to long!! 
ah, boo... we've lost another tramp  just got the news that she's leaving the league. one of my fav girls too. damn.
Giving the girls breakfast. Sports camp this morning. One will eat, the other won't. 
@AngelLilyBows thank you so much!  you have adorable items!  too bad i have 2 boys   take full advantage of it while you can!
@steph1329 :O no way i miss gimore girls so much 
my girls warned me i'd feel like this, i pushed you away, and now i miss you holdin me 
I hate boys 
scratch that. I like men 
although old women smoking is quite sad. they'll probably have higher risk of getting cancer  smoking is not cool if you're an old woman.
i stuck some marshmallows on a skewer and put those bad boys on the fire 'cos i'm not cool enough for bonfires, haha 
i miss my girls 
@GoGlady_dot_com I'm so not impressed with the women's shoes a few things caught my eye the men shoes are sooo much better! 
are all girls out to get me? 
@metekohy i am so jealous of u n the boys today     celebrating w the lakers wout me......(tear tear)
@cantlivewithout stupid boys!! and brothers on top of thay.  I am going to have to live w/mine now.  waahh! help me! please!
http://twitpic.com/7o855 - the strange girls 
@aprilcapil i believe you, and it makes me tired to think that anyone can be that lazy and self-serving.  but boys will be boys.
thinking of my boys...i want them too call. &lt;3 
@selenagomez hello!!!!! i wish i could come see you girls tomorrow 
i am lurking fotolog, and found a lot of beautiful girls that seems fun to draw..BUT I DON'T KNOW THEM LOL 
@ddlovato  make the mean girls go away
Four more days without my girls.  oh well better 4 then 5
Is so proud of my pink girls, even though I am not on their team. 
@ashleycurley i want cheba hut with you and the boys 
boys boys boys ... i hate it when theyre too nice..... 
headache is better, spanish is killing me though. girls aloud-ing is wicked &amp; listening to sufjan stevens makes me sad  love girls aloud.
@MandiiB What r u ladies doing??? I miss u guys sooo much 
@MiSSJiLLYBEAN06 he doesn't talk to me anymore  he's too busy with girls
I can't stand men sometimes... 
@rashmid yeah girls are so useless @unitechy @shaaqT @ninadsp Girls are really boring 
i 4got to watch boys over flowers... 
@janren13 no they're not coz she said she's single and he said he is and she said that boys aren't very nice to her 
It never rains men, it just sprinkles boys 
Arggg I miss everyone very muchhh, esp. my brother, my girls, and rrrr 
I miss my brother, my girls, and umm 
I'm exausted ladies.... 
goin to the pool with the girls;; then doctor's to get a shot 
http://twitpic.com/7pupw - These are fire, to bad they are ladies 
missing my girls  http://twitpic.com/5ve8o
@Ivryblak well thats closer than the girls i meet....i meet 909 714 95 area code girls all the time 
@Ivryblak well thats closer than the girls i meet....i meet 909 714 951 area code girls all the time 
off out again...for byebye to warwick girls 
Why do men always end up treating me wrong? I hate being lied to...and cheated on! 
Just had to tell a women her husband died....  my soul is broken
@mimi_intheworld  i do play wit ova boys mayb 2 much :@ never works thou 
I hate when boys whine bc you don't text them but when you do they never respond! 
is feeling lonely tonight  and missing my boys even though my baby is in bed lm 2 guys down  xxxx
i'm sick of lads  fuck you, my boys look after me and they'll twat you, you prick!
some of these girls are actually sad when their shoot is done  
aaaaaaaargh I hate men 
I hate men  I don't want to but I do
ughhhhhh. . . . . one of my little men doesn't have much longer 
#inaperfectworld it would be illegal for girls to pretend to be lesbians just so they don't have to dance with me 
I can't believe how fast my little girls have grown..  
watching a movie. missing the girls 
Some girls should not wear the high waist.  at all!
Out with the boys. I just wish he could like me too 
i guess we're seeing the wiz instead of jersey boys 
no golden girls tonight, my cable is not back and comcast is comin until morning   what to do, what to do
Why do boys have to be so blimming complicated? 
going to the haunted mill with the boys  oh no....
Why are the prettiest smiles on the craziest women 
had fun at the hootenanny...then stupid girls and jerks fucked it all up 
I miss my boys!  
@patrick1220 you're with my boys!  tell them i love them haha
@patrickk1220 you're with my boys!  tell them i love them haha
Is very quickly loosing patince with boys. 
@_T_a_y_ grrrr.. Now I'm jealous of midgets &amp; cute girls!! 
boys make girls cry. end of storyyyy 
haha wow i believe i just got dumped.boys suck 
@thisishanasays males ef hanaaa 
can't wait till the cartoons come on :3 only an hour now. They make me think of my little cousins  I miss those adorable girls.
men are just plain stupid! 
collecting the girls, last weekend with them 
Is driving to b'ham to drop the girls off with grammy n pops 
http://twitpic.com/7ta4m - the girls, not all of them, theres some missing! 
@RealChazJastes ok so I c I aint one of yo girls 
I wish there were more nice old men train conductors who like little irish girls and let them ride for free 
@justxangela big girls do cry , ownoo 
I miss all my girls 
@TheFirstSight  I feel the same  .. I miss my boys..
@yellowjumper it's still a boys weekend without choppy... I do miss him  won't be the same
I miss my boys. 
Late watching the girls play. 
@RobKardashian Wine nite with the girls!!! 
Is about to be rockin a single girls swag. So much for that whole anniversary I love you thing... 
@Ahudoin i work with mean girls tomorrow 
i wisssssh i was in philly with alex and/or seeing boys like girls and nevershoutnever tonight 
early night for me  ...... coachin little girls at summer school 2moz mornin then straight to my footie tournament we can do it linby woo
@DanaXDanger      i need some horny teenagers ;) lmfao kiding no but i miss your series !
#dontyouhate living in the same town as bitches whilst awesome girls far away from you 
am i the only one that missed the last episode of *boys over flowers*?  i forgot to dvr it and now i can't find it anywhere online...  
@MissCaraBrown @ILUVNKOTB &lt;-- I especially love you girls... What's wrong with a man loving multiple girls? 
my husband had to go back to work so I had to put the girls to bed alone.  
@soxcalxsurfer yes dumb boys 
@dennisncv girls are lame and i never seem to get what im looking for  what do you mean by that
finished watching boys n tha hood. I hate the ending 
taylor probabl doesnt like pale girls 
There is a full double rainbow!!! So pretty!! And there was 4 boys who were making fun of us  they were like 15
I really need to figure out how to approach attractive women in public 
@nickjonass boys suck 
At the boys soccor freezinq  i need a heater
Awww damn it i can't see boys like girls and they're coming to denver on my birthday 
http://twitpic.com/7vjoj  Is missing her girls 
went miniqture golfing and to chuck e chesse...but my boys not feelin well 
Why do guys gota break girls hearts...  
@c_rios you were dinering with the girls last night when I left 
F your boys weekend 
@SamMay1011 @EmRob16 want to entertain me girls? I'm bored and can't sleep... 
and I just got ditched by both of my girls 
@JaylaStarr all I'm sayin is, dude in the picture gets 2 girls and I get none 
At a mates.. We're just txting boys (same one actually lol) &amp;&amp; my phones dying. 
@saaam_ wow! I got to wembley at about 2ish and we saw these girls running round the side and were like ooh so we went but we missed them 
i don't like rockport girls 
is witnessing men playing boys with regards to the first test 
eating cheerios... remembering back when girls were cool to hang out with... now they just want me up... not awake 
shootin clays at men and boys campout. shot 100% until 3rd round n then blew it 
grr hate boys 
@OkayRay  no the girls backed out
The boys house flooded 
watching more soccer...wishing I was home playing with my boys...  
whats with girls telling me stories about getting felt up by other girls.  why was i not called while it was happening 
I want to be at wimbledon with the men 
Definitely wishes she was on the girls night out, boo 
figuring, that twitter is no safe environment for young girls by any means (nor boys) 
@mcflyharry well, brazilian girls love you 
also annoyed she cant go to scouting for girls OR boyzone with @emily1384 as she in in france 
boys... sometimes they can be really really annoying 
why when im drunk do i end up wearing a certain boys shirt to sleep in 
@HeatherMax  stupid men
apparently us fat girls are getting screwed out of clothes. and not in a good way. companies all around are getting rid of their + sizes. 
@shakiralove that's why! ta smpat pn tgk the cheer girls. 
we're behind the boys on the interstate &amp; they're drinking in the bed of the truck...not safe 
BT is off with the boys  &amp; I'm stuck working
i am watching tha boys! 
my girls that I help coached lost another one 21-5 
@JustyneIndeed and i are back door lovers. Since our men live outta state  boooooo
@shelyndsey  u girls give too much. if u don't know whoit is just ask lol
Some girls just can't be helped. They just are what they are 
@aligibb aww  I miss you girls.
@Pearlster36 rightt lol boys make me so sad sometimes 
Live swing band and no girls to dance with! 
@lovelypenny i hate those!! how are boys always so warm 
@merkatgasson turned out well shit faced well LOL drunk before attending the ready set and boys like girls. I'm bored too 
I miss my girls  can't wait for the camp out!!!
@NikkiLavelle ugh...that makes me so mad..lol. whatever, boys will be boys i guess  hahaaaa
i need mah girls 
@SquiggleMum i know i missed a few girls too   I don't think i will make it to the brissie get together, hard at night with little ones!
I need my girls 
@Baaheeyaah i know, it sucks  too much unfair pre judging and writting off when it comes to these boys!
out with the boys but no love by my side.... 
@blackrugger apologies again but i know zero single females. 
@xavouch ah okay me too  we are two poor girls lol :p
I don't know how i'm going to last without my girls. 
i miss girls if the playboy mansion 
i miss girls of the playboy mansion 
The boys are playing monopoly. I'm working 
@AlmostEmily I have always wondered that  @ChesterBe vecel girls clothes PLEAAASE?
sad that the girls are leaving tomorrow 
My boys are almost gone 
Sitting in my bedroom chilling out listening to 23rd of may tour edits and is getting depressed cause i want to see the girls again  xxx
i cant find my girls aloud boooook, i want cheryl to sign it 
The water is cold as hell and it feels good. No good looking girls though 
I miss the boys 
I love him, but he has a lot of girls who love him... HARDDD!!! rrrrrawrrrr 
http://twitpic.com/80i6p - just realized how much i miss these girls and how much i want our march back 
dear men, bust-offs don't count... sorry 
wnats to have a pool party and water fight, but girls are funny acting about hair and guys won't come with no girls! 
The girls left.  this is harder than i thought.
wishing i was the mmva's  i need to see my jonas boys!
@officialmaya maymay! i miss you! i miss our crazy talks! i miss us bagginf on the boys! 
wondering why......boys are dumb 
@its_dolly_cake you didnt put good girls go bad on the usb 
http://twitpic.com/84jq0 - can't stress enough about how much i miss these girls 
@PinkyPenny =O wut is wit u and talking to my mens 
taking a break from boys... gosh im that ugly 
@soltrejames all the girls r coming over n ur not here! 
@SnobbyGyrl I don't want my boys (of the future) 2 be subject 2 such foolery 
Missing my boys 
misses the girls and the boys, not seen the gigging lot (inc kojak) since april 
Would love to see my girls, too bad none of them are in cairns  oh well
@StuntasticB i'm jealous b !!  shop lots and kidnap sexy boys : D
@BeBo_Evilbunn @DudinhaMelo hey girls i miss you 
Heading to work 2-12   txtt me plz only 3 mooreee dayysss!!!!!!!!! ahh can't wait to be with all the girls again
i miss my two boys  i wana cuddle.
Why are men D**ks  
@devlinof9 just crush a girls hopes and dreams why don't you....I don't love you anymore 
all men! YouTube is down! 
With my baby girls at the hardrock!  No boys allowed. LOL weather sucks!  
men... What can i do to get back to u 
@tommcfly hey tom, we women are not aliens 
@Emmariie lol sorry they're on meetmeinto.com, i just saw it....and i don't like it  but didn't we take one with all the girls too?
@brandeezyplz  i sorry, most girls are like that and it's sad.
girls in florida malls are too overly made up. i cant tell how old the old ladies are or how young the little girls are fml 
@HEAVYhitterEC this is tru...Canadian women are under rated 
i miss my girls 
Is wondering why men take so long to get back to you! 
dude i miss watching the girls next door.... 
@o0omunkieo0o why are you still a blue male??  it confuses me.
If I came 3rd I would have gone to the nationals!!!!! 
riding in cars with boys... my pinched nerve is killing me 
Why do boys lie so much 
These girls shouldn't be going. I hope they go soft and let them stay  #masterchef
my boys mad at me.. 
should probably start promoting roofies in girls drinks at my clubs if it's so good for attendance...  I feel so disappointed in people.  
@sweetcarolinexo i know boys are silly, i hate them as well and im thinking of one in particular 
@ShazzySTFU good girls go bad &amp; hot mess 
off to work  then out for drinks with girls, who's coming?
all the girls flown away again?...alone again... 
@jshernandez I know I miss our girls next door workout team  I need to work on my fitness!
some ones playing backstreet boys in g hostel 
@bondibeachgirl great! just enjoying my coffee while the boys are out at footy training 
love me, hate me, say what you want about me. but all the boys and all the girls are begging to if you seek amy 
i &lt;3 the gilmore girls themesong. 
Aw, the women are dead adorable 
i hate boys.. not men.. BOYS officially lesbian  haa
@gibbzer @eBeth @SianMeadowcroft thanks ladies 
chilling,   watching the gilmore girls 
new fact learned last night: boys once in the army CAN become male cheerleaders 
I think the girls had fun  changing my outlook on guys...from now on I will treat you like you have feelings and not like dogs....haha lol
@JonMcClure   im still figuring out.....girls dont do techy things well.  blatant sexism there... 
love my men sooooooooooo much 
Finally home after a good time with my girls 
Leaving with the girls to san dimas ! Yay! 
patiently waiting for my men to tweet me 
@DavWhite I do what I can! That is the thing w/men &amp; women. They don't read each other very well sometimes. The boys &amp; I will manage! 
I dont have it in my heart 2 B bitter &amp;preach that all men R the same. I told @DJKillatouch I hate men but I didn't mean it 
At sassy...av girl for the day and you know all day I'm playing my boys, the girls are going to get iritated. 
http://twitpic.com/3iw2g - Here come the girls 
@alexknight true  I was being over dramatic ... girls are over dramatic. haha
just learned that all these women student athletes r so crazy, funny, n very creative 
@shellyfong ah, cool  I left with the girls at about 3.30ish I guess, jee.
hoping all my mauldin sweets have a fabulous time at prom!  love you girls!
@smosh admit it! you both don't just admire the spice girls but also hannah  don't be so shy.. just tell us! 
Getting the boys fitted for their tux! 
I'm sooooo bored!!!! Where my boys at 
@bambella: I feel bad for those boys 
Getting ready to go see 17 again with my girls! 
Laying here watching jumanji with the girls...this is the life 
@jl_x3  no, it may well have been, boys both have long(ish) hair and have been mistaken for daughters before 
@dannywood there will be a million girls trying to get through to you.... I'll just twat you.... 
just got done tannin with muh girls 
At sarahs waiting for the boys to go to dinner  they take long lol hahahahaha
playing with kate and stella  i love those girls
sleepover with the girls 
out with the girls getting wasted 
Hanging with the girls 
is thinkin that some ladies should add me yo 
enjoying hefeweizens and nacho libre w/the sibs and the boys.  
I love our bitch sessions girls  you guys are my favs @KatieBarber @CourtCosmetics @urbanettex2 @sheheartscandy
@cocoandbreezy make sure you two girls follow me!!!!! love ya 
GORs are over  and now for a fun sleepover with twenty screaming girls 
@ddlovato  thank you for being such an awesome role model for young girls! In these times we need more girls like you and @selenegomez 
Talking naked with the boys Haha.  awesome.
i think i might start a project for the boys 
@alexiaaa ill try and keep her down for all the girls  hahaha.
@MaryHogan2 me too  but I don't think so. We make great boys! A little sis for the 4 guys would be great.
hoho...survived last night. nice party. love my ladies...and boys 
Fashion girls, check it out: www.bagladies.com.au I've just read about it in a Brazilian paper and I'm ordering my ones right now... 
Getting ready to teach my 5th grade girls 
@VioletheVerbose men are annoying 
Seeing 17 again with some of the girls 
Beach with liz and the boys 
high school senior boys are so much harder to train in awareness and self defense than girls, because they think they know it all already 
@backstreetboys keep it up boys 
@backstreetboys Congrats boys on 16 years!! 
boys will be boys girls will be girls boys think girls are hot girls think boys are fit i love all types ov boys 
@tcharna But women that are pretty sure of someting, are often wrong ! 
@LouiseBrown I'm going to herd all these boys into the park for some running about and stuff 
@lazyass_ SEXXXAAAYYYYY white tshirt and all?  girls AND boys?  
@rachelphan boys under 20 like girls same age, men from 20-50 like girls younger than them, and &gt;50 see no difference in women 
just got back from being out with the girls... i love them girls 
must see a manicurist  long nails are driving me crazy when i try to type.. don't know how other girls do it! lol
I am grateful for my girls...thanks for continuing to help me pack up my apartment  &lt;3 you!
@pagirlhere  That I can buy women ? 
@KiraRockReaper I have Bonnytoun and we're making progress with the boys and the play 
went snorkeling this morning... watched the colorful corals n fishys holding my girls hand 
jacquie and shauna are the best girls. 
@joshacagan They can bring that out in most extremely secure and macho men like yourself 
@jltimmer I like to smell good-smelling boys, too.  It's okay. 
@heidimontag sleepover with all the girls, no boys allowed 
jonas is trending!!  keep it up girls! lol
just saw x-men origins. it was outstanding, hugh jackman is so incredibly gorgeous. 
Doing what a girls gotta do and its painting toenails 
Is watching mean girls 
http://twitpic.com/4e23x - where is @ToughLoveJody and @TaylorRoyce? i want to have girls night with movies and strawberry margaritas! 
@ModelTypeStatus HAHA cum on u knw u ladies can take it deeper then the thick girls...I think I will marry a model in the future 
it was sooo funny yesterday  .. girls ?! luv yaa x3 going to be the newspaperlady soon 
@fridley when they do, come to me.  i should have figured it out by then!   7yr old boys are vile and divine in equal measure lol
@likethedisease haha down to earth girls &gt; models anyday, but height's not too bad for girls  I think im pretty short for a guy 5'8 or 9?
just got up...yay, tiered xD later ging out with youth-club-girls. gonne be fun, cause were blondes r is tha parteeey 
@kinggayle uh... can u say SMITTEN boys and girls...  y yes we can..
@velofille  I used to tell guys who used that to get down on their knees and worship those women. Without them, they'd still be virgins!
3 exhausted girls trying to set up a tent is going to be innnteresting 
I shop at the men's department, for wallets  the ladies' range are either too bulky or huge for me
Shoping with the girls.  http://twitpic.com/4efri
@ashjdal_07 girls nightsounds like it could be alot of fun for guys to 
@InfoNinja target women : spot on. 
Going to see X-men! wooo then shopping be back later.. txt me if you please 
@vaughano like most girls she's being fasionablly late 
@thekeyofv How was single ladies &amp; hipchecking? 
#DMCwmnSHOW im doing great at womens show 
a girls agenda...nails and shoppin  with my two favorite girls
boys 4x800, girls pole vault, boys high jump... campeones 
watching mean girls and eating candy 
@Daionii glasses are hot on girls 
with my girls, were gonna go bikini shopping! 
x-men origins wolverine 
hanging out with the girls 
shari's with britni and 4 boys who think they're too cool for us haha 
@maeveo haha its made to cut those damn dodgers!!!  i protect my g-men
@boyluvX3 yay for you winning!!  tonite was fun! like always your boys make me smile 
@garretjiroux I disagree  boys are nuts
morning, suns out  better be allowed out to slide down the rainbows and laugh at goats milk on a boys head 
I guess our girls nyt didn't stay girls nyt. hahahhaha. stone came over with frenemy. so no girls nite.. well... hmm.. hahaha. kidding. 
watching lost boys with a margarita 
heh beach boys on radio1! 
@p3do ahahh its 2 swedish girls who are singing about a pink helicopter... 
is talking to the girls and boys on skype 
Just watched X-men origins: wolverine.  I liked it 
watching mean girls! haha i love this movie 
@blueparrot2 I love fractions...and math and boys...yes boys...well men but hey they were boys once and some stay that way forever 
Getting ready for a visit 2 the barn... c my 2 big boys ,yaaahh 
walking with loud giant steps &amp; practicing looking innocent, so when the boys stumble out of bed I can say 'What gets you up so early? 
@theOlsens hey ladies  i hope you ladies are doing well xoxo
@mrdraco I have another: the good girls go to heaven the bad girls go everywhere 
i think cute boys should follow me 
Ladies and gentleman, boys and girls; pop goes the world by men with out hats 
@4boys4now Its okay. 
I was told I'm too scared to like girls who like me back. 
shawnas catnip done rubbed off....my muffin(top) brings all the boys to the yard 
@julikim anytime...I feel so blessed to know such a wonderful group of ladies... 
awesome bbq with the boys and girls 
@waxingpoetic75 Yes girls are fun.  I can't wait for the shower.  
Waiting for candy girls to come on... 
I love white boys fo sho 
@MissMonaG im going!! and i know a bunch of girls goin too! 
Just got pics of boys by limo 
@KKCornelison I'm optimistic also, I just think some women are complete irresponsible social retards, mainly my-ex. 
@mattycus guilds made up of mostly women are wonderful wonderful places 
got a vivian girls shirt. 
@Faithglam2010 i know i know i have that effect on women  lol
just watched the women. cute! who didn't like it... men? pshawww. i saw the play last year too, love the idea of all women. liberating! 
Boys are stupid, throw rocks at them 
In bed with 2 girls 
6789998212 haha love soulja boys new song 
who watched X-men origins: wolverine? i totally loved it! haha 
@martinschecter your knowledge of X-men is starting to scare me 
@GlastoWatch @TheHwicceMan @cakey  i have been getting porn ones as i mentioned - all these girls seem to be at a loss what to do! 
@AimeeLady The girls there last night would have let her! And I figure the boys would have enjoyed watching...  
Loving my boys 
wow, so x-men was pretty much amazing. i love wolverine. 
@mens_STYLE  I like it   
the boys didn't finish their tacos so now I'm eating them happily 
@peebilicious and @emnguyens: Aww, thank you!  I love you girls&lt;333333
At myhouse with the girls tonight 
@ratherlargedog You should hate your gender less. Not all men are bad. In fact, I quite like mens. 
@4boys4now denial can be very powerful 
Getting ready for our annual old boys hockey competition  let's bring down the students!
I think I might fall in love with jihoon in boys over flower. 
had an amazing night with the girls 
enjoying the sun with daddy, learning for englisch exam, watching gilmore girls 
@LittleMissHaya i make them good girls go bad 
http://twitpic.com/4wvag - The boys are out to play 
i like sex women  
@Kaetherakete have fun girls!!! miss youu 
@smokedbeefjerky Czana, I wanna watch attack on the pin up boys. 
i had a good practice  now watching house, going to mom's, and then out with my rowing girls later &lt;3
@funkatron They'll enslave their men you know. 
Is talking to irma about boys  lol
had a dream that 2 sri lankan girls came as exchange students and we got umbelievably close i went back to sri lanka with them! 
Wow what a day!!! I love these girls  and I have missed them!!
Man I love watching platinum weddings.....every girls dream 
@mcclorypatrick AWWWW  me, @ilywithanou, and @lexylove  were just talkin about u and the other 2 mcclory boys haha
is  ready for my girls trip!!
@durangodawg13 Ugh, I wanted the girls to win too! At least the team that I didn't like didn't win, so I'm okay with it. 
has officially become one of those dorky girls that wants to spend every second with her boyfriend and is so disgustingly gushy and mushy 
girls night with jack 
girls next door 
@BrianMcnugget a walk to remember/the notebook/ mean girls 
@CreditMatters and i'll bet that's what you say to all the girls.  
@rainmemories and @turnthepaige cough cough. that's because you guys claimed yourself some boys. hehe. 
watchin my boys wrestlin...funn shit.....  
Never a dull night with the girls 
thank you  i loved it! &quot;the girls&quot; hehe
girls night out was sooo great 
@_JoeMasterson &quot;I'm looking for men is black suits, they killed my father, have you seen them?&quot; one of the best and expensive games made! 
@ionacosmetics women are not the complex creatures they are made out to be 
@RickyBee LOL you did indeed.Slightly concerned that some of these girls are 4 yrs older!! He's cool with it I have to say 
@worthykay that's us, wild women!  
@disil429 We women and men need time out sometimes however that is achieved 
@motionactivated because soooo many girls got tatoos of them!!!   
@clausm that's because we design for the ladies 
ok well maybe while the boys performed, i was packing. 
visited my parents plus eddie and his girls -- stuffed and loved 
watched boys over flowers episode 2 on mysoju.com ! nice ! 
If you're twitting around 150 Twitts per hour, it's called spamming ladies and gentlemen 
@Jonasbrothers &lt;3 my boys are amazing 
@catemonster and @kira_kitsune ladies, ladies, there is alway enough meat to go around 
@cow12boys3 nice!!! I love how domestic you are! 
@wafflesgirls hey girls!! always i think u're such a bear (:  u're so amazing girls   someday, i want to be like u *-*
my boys make me feel sexy.  @wyldphire @siguenm @phenoixd MISSION FAILED.
.....it was a B-u-tiful day .. too bad i didnt enjoy it much BUT a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do! g'night people!! 
had a great night  girls rule, boys drool. lol
@BrodyJenner And such a beautiful lady she is!!! woo hoo, canadian girls!!!  xoxo
@elohmub No, I wish all norwegians boys looked like him :p He's cute 
Just cooking dinner for my boys at the mo 
@sexyjoy386 @glitzygloss hi girls  how are you? 
@kimmykun awww....all the boys in my life are trek nerds! so cute!! 
Yay for delicious boys that see through fake wannabe scene girls 
is off to copenhagen with the girls! I'll be posting some pics later  much love to all 
can't stop watching Neorago on youtube... another one hot performance from my boys! 
What's up girls? 
breackfast timeeee  girls aloud tonight, so excited!
they was better guys and girls... but wath ever...lol germany 20. haha lol only 20 points...lol 
@johncmayer lol i didnt know you love x-men!!! 
We just tied a men's team. They're soooo pissed off 
@brittanyjean_ gois? mix between girls and bois? 
watching mean girls, ahh 
I love it when the girls play better than the boys  http://tinyurl.com/qckhhc
headed up to houston! had a wonderful evening with moly &amp; my boys 
movies  with a bunch'a girls and a big cup of ice.
@AcademyforMen love your magazine! do you only have photographic submissions by male photographers? or are girls allowed? 
@JessicaKSzohr It was a women's rights projects and I featured you and other women as successful well, women 
@hit40uk cannot wait for JLS beat again ITS AMAZINGG ! shout out to forum girls and boys love you all  x
Getting pretty then going out with a few girls to get coffee 
boys are like buses.. miss one next 15 another one comin  
This whole boxer thing is driving me crazy. The boys need some support  lol
Fact: I like my girls crazy.. but not too crazy 
Going to the winnipeg airport, food with the boys/girls 
Girls girls girls remix - jay z. I'm not a one girl guy. There's just too much fine ladies!!! 
@cait2009 They're great. I think I follow them all if you want more ladies to follow 
is listening to the ordinary boys 
@kev_mck  What?  You don't like club girls? 
obsessed with the song (i make) good girls go bad by cobra starship featuring leighton meester!   
is done chasing after boys. 
@JenPeezy and canadian teenage boys....I shed a few tears when I got my ear pierced too 
@UP_dates http://twitpic.com/55jgq - Congratulations! I was behind you amongst the blue girls with all the baloons! 
@Findaway  girls just want to have fun. lol
Girls to do the dishes, girls to clean up my room, girls to do the laundry 
@tpagirl thanks.. i had to get the boys in their natural state 
best night with my girls 
@BlueInc But I'm a girl and need girls clothes!!! 
@MichaellaBassam flyziks good like that, he once gave the boys a cooked turkey for me, ahah  
???????? boys and girls 
footy with the girls       gotto lovee getting tackled.
watching gilmore girls 
i just coached a bunch of little girls at netball...it was rewarding 
@nooshin63 just kidding  ! but women works for get same rights with men and you say men build of stone madam flower  .
watching boys over flowers,ang kulit. 
shhhhhhh the girls are still asleep and I'm watching a little TV in peace.... 
@whymesweetie looking forward to see you girls too tonight!!!! &lt;3333 yay! 
just for men...  http://is.gd/AZAB
@leemacdonald Ahh I bet a few women fancied you too 
my girls are still sleeping, i poked them a little but they just grumbled and snuggled down farther, dog doesn't even want to get up lol 
@AmyLoves0322 you're welcome  i didn't wanted to upload that cause we made the second one...but the girls were asking^^
watching gilmour girls while studying 
is done with boys, ready for MEN  hahaha
@sharonhayes you're always welcome  #women2follow
#shaundiviney likes boys. #bradiewebb 
boys on tour '09 are arriving in exeter tonight YEAAAAAHHH!! 
watching boys over flowers ;-) lovin' the story and the characters! haha. 
Providence show was amazing, I'm still in shock at how many fans I have! 2 girls came from queens to see me perform  hot club!!
sun is shining (*) so im off out with the girls to shop, then to meet up with the boys, and go to the beach 
@ivanbrezakbrkan surely you meant 700 awesome guys, girls, and spambots? 
Hey boys and girls 
cant wait to see the girls tonight 
is going to the pub with her boys 
@megodbike ahh I see! you need to go recruit some young ladies 
One of my students said: It sucks if you change your apartment more frequently than girls AND end up with more apartments than girls 
myspace and twitter both just went reaaaalllly slow. i'm going to bed. goodnight boys and girls 
@wafflesgirls thanx girls  xoxo
@estellegoh haha.. i think *most* girls cry easily.. lol.. we're very sensitive! 
@caseymariex @shawniebeth @vitacilinasuper you three have got to be three of the craziest girls I know, fyi 
staying up til the boys get homeee 
@SolidAltar I was suspended 3 times for fighting in high school, 2 in junior high (both w/ boys at this age). I was responding to bullies 
jammin with the boys.... 
http://twitpic.com/61f0p - some of the girls in chicago 
@AdamGoldston mostly because we love their lifestyle! The trips, women, men worshipping them honestly is priceless 
@AshSanchez LOL!!!!!!! i don't even watch them! i like the boys in tayong dalawa though 
@ladyspeaker after I hit send I thought, did she mean men/women/dating 
It's raining.. Not men, just as usual 
http://twitpic.com/65w8v - me and one of my girls 
@yomichael go interview the dash girls about their new store! 
Sandals broke, ductaped them  I need these bad boys for tour 
Some of whom actually did write songs for me  I can't imagine  not ever having known men like that.
Out with my boys once again 
http://twitpic.com/65xby - awwww.i miss my dance girls  why am i so short?!? haha.
I love girls. i love how god made us. 
had fun with the boys tonight 
@mika_tan  You are a beautiful woman.  I also lean towards Asian women.  
guys are more romantic than girls....end of story 
With the girls 
went out with the girls, dinner was great 
@thuanh_xoxo hahaha ok you are included...I guess not single girls...all girls  lol
I'm thinking about making my girls' weekly meeting a tradition  i love traditions
About to head to norwich for breakfast with the boys 
gutted at the haters, these boys are the best  #jonaswebcast
