Most common words for this cluster:
[('glasses', 188), ('sunglasses', 52), ('contacts', 15), ('lenses', 9), ('wine', 8), ('eyes', 8), ('com', 8), ('pair', 7), ('http', 7), ('day', 6), ('eye', 6), ('lol', 6)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'glasses', 0.938866376876831), (u'sunglasses', 0.805166482925415), (u'goggles', 0.7164410948753357), (u'eyeglasses', 0.7018038630485535), (u'trifocals', 0.6661067008972168), (u'Glasses', 0.6612029671669006), (u'3D_glasses', 0.6476373076438904), (u'wire_rimmed', 0.6460522413253784), (u'iZ3D_passive_polarized', 0.6448326110839844), (u'spectacles', 0.631104052066803)]





i need new glasses...mines is hangnon 1 arm 
i wish my new glasses weren't so expensive 
my sight is blurring a little bit lately... i hope i dont need glasses 
Not feeling good this morning.  and no I'm not hungover, LOL. It takes more than two glasses of wine for that.
needs some effing glasses. I'm so blind now  maybe insurance will rain from the sky?
waiting for 17 again i want my hat and glasses 
not wearing glasses on sunny days to even out my glasses tan! 
@tommcfly love your glasses! are they wayfarers? I had a few pairs but had to sell 
nearly completed tags on lenses. improved traffic on some but not on others 
lost reading glasses... if you see them, they're mine too. 
Another glasses day, eyes are tired and dry, dry and tired 
is going to the shops now, with big sun glasses to hide my eye!  *hummph!*
@hmez indeed it is...and no sunglasses to wear   ...jvoooo!
is crying over her fancy sun glasses...they're gone... 
is glasses broke  using old pair can hardly see
I need to stop procrastinating and get glasses. I can't see very well. 
argh. 50 shorter than ever. need new glasses by now. 
900m down, only 600m more to go! One pair of broken goggles though 
I scratched the crap out of my glasses 
Where did my glasses go?? 
My glasses broke! No! 
@juantwothree u didn't happen to find my glasses when you were packing up stuff? I can't find them anywhere 
lost her coach sunglasses  so sad
i hate contacts theyy always rip....i hate my glasses 
Still getting used to smog, I can't see in it! I have to actually wear my glasses 
My glasses fogged up when I came outside the warehouse  @semipenguin *It sure is quite around here* O_O
@SpeedyLVFoodie glasses are awesome ^^ too bad i dont need them very badly.. 
Oh my god this movie still makes me cry &quot;where are his glasses? He can't see without his glasses!&quot; 
i am going to be in glasses tomorrow, idc what they say, i'm fucking tired 
if only i had 20/20 vision...without it i can't wear super-cool aviator sunglasses like i want to 
got assaulted in the eye today. By his own antibiotics. That'll teach me to try and catch them without glasses. 
 ahh these ghetto glasses are not working for me!!
i'm still so tired &amp; i don't know wtheck is up with all the headaches i've been getting lately!! maybe i need to wear my glasses more? 
@MissIgs That's cos it's 3d.  You do get a free pair of useless glasses...
i found my glasses so now i can see! whoo hoo! also, i'm sad because tommarrow i don't have gov with @RachelRage and @CiaoCalifornia 
I lost my 350 dollars glasses 
I wish I was bumping glasses with meggie 
My screw to my glasses came off 
Wearing glasses gives me a headache. 
working wearing sunglasses...my eyes are bleeding! 
Yay for having a giant headache  stupid glasses.
My sunglasses broke 
@SamBennington although you wear sunglasses i can see how uncomfortable you felt. poor sam. 
I need glasses 
@nikoree  it's okay...it wasn't that interesting lol nishikido ryo was wearing glasses, and kanjani8 sang do you know them?
i can't find my glasses!!!!!!  i can't see my tv 
@AlanzEyes would do but I've had a couple of glasses of wine, shouldn't really drive  
#asylm we'll never ever see jensen with real glasses  again  he just had eye surgary
@doombox yup am wearing glasses  Too scared to wear contacts. hahaha ^^
I'm out of contacts  I should order more, or get new glasses!
&amp; I can't find my visor 
Going out in glasses. . . no contacts today! 
@rayme I never managed to get one of those glasses 
Just been wondering why the telly went all weird. And then remembered I took my glasses off 
@crys_betch all the beers have their own glasses here, but you do not get to keep them. 
WTFFFFFFFF, I wear glasses now   http://twitpic.com/6asqg
Ah my eyes  I need glasses or I'm gonna go 100% blind !
I didn't get to buy the sunglasses 
@SineadGrainger then your whole 'my face needs glasses' thing will be FIXED in the day too! i need sunglasses with proper lenses, argh 
Feeling for @hardhatgirl who hasn't got her favourite sunglasses 
damn my new glasses and my headphones hurt my head 
is mad! I can't find my sunglasses 
I am down one pair of eyeglasses and one pair of sunglasses. 
rubbish glasses are chipped  (well, frames are)
My cousin is here. I haven't swam with glasses before always wore contacts. 
no one likes my new glasses 
@mirandaBuzz hahahahahahhaha you broke your binoculars 
I think my glasses might be broken. I need new ones anyway, but I like these.  I'm also considering trying contacts, but I'm not sure. :/
Reading glasses........  ................I grow old, I grow old.  I shall wear my trousers rolled.
can't find my sunglasses  
@sabihkhan i dont keep my glasses in my shirt pocket.. 
eww I'm wearin my glasses today 
I didn't realize how much I needed my glasses until I broke them this weekend  I'm praying for a quick fix.
@Langwidere I was wearing my regular glasses and it was just totals the kid outside to get picked up. I ended up talking out there. 
getting used to wearing glasses 
feels all nerdy with her new glasses ... 
my eyeglasses are broken 
My new sunglasses broke  Fml
I think I lost my sunglasses at #barcampnyc4 
I broke my sunglasses!! 
aww my sunglasses just broke 
i can't find my glasses  
While biking home at around 11pm-ish I had to search a gutter for half an hr  trying to find my glasses lens! And now it's chipped 
@jordinsilver I bet you would. That's mean, I have to wear glasses now 
got new glasses. wanted the blue ones  though. 
I bought these ridiculous purple heart shaped sunglasses yesterday, forgetting that I can't wear sunglasses.  stupid bad vision.
I can't find my sunglasses 
I really wish my can driver would wear his glasses he's like 100yrs old ! He's squinting 
@ohhaiicoist was on about the emote with glasses that made you technicly lose but i didnt call you on it, so easy to threaten 
I am very very very sad. I have officially run out of contact lenses 
Hates wearing glasses when it rains 
I don't like my new glasses 
@itsbernbee i want lisa's glasses but i will settle for new contacts. my left lens ripped in half the other day 
@muimi07 Lenses hardly depreciate...    Even used lenses!  
I need new glasses  i can't see.
They told me my glasses would be done in 1-2 weeks. It's almost 3.5 wweks now x_x bleh. I hate underestimates 
@taraiguess you look so much cuter with glasses though. 
Just broken one of my fave wine glasses 
dislikes working mornings. &amp; I dislike wearing old glasses, .&amp; I dislike running out of contacts 
the problem with my antiglare glasses is that i can no longer oogle at women behind me 
@tidal_wave which glasses? 
didnt get any sunglasses or earbuds either !!!!!!!! 
my sunglasses broke. I'm going to go blind. 
breaking one's glasses = bummer 
I want those sunglasses so badly 
@deyalo http://twitpic.com/6svrt - definitely have those glasses...  nordstrom lol
is otw to mangga dua. byebye old broken glasses 
that's it - no more alcohol for me  bad, bad sherene losing 200quid glasses :'( hope the insurance covers it * fingers crossed *
just decided i want new glasses now dont want to wait til november 
Turning into one with awful vision, even with glasses 
lost my favorite coach sunglasses that are discontinued  
three glasses. lightweight 
Just realized I forgot my sunglasses 
My eyes are super blurry today,and yes I have my glasses on.It's very annoying.Also annoying is that I overslept,wanted to be up at 8:30 
@panda951 i wish i knew how to fix glasses.  if i could touch them i would certainly try. please don't cry! 
*flail* I can't find my glasses!  I bet the gnomes stole them to build a sun-powered laser cannon. 
I have to wear my glasses again cause my eyes have got worse 
Boys with glasses = &lt;3 allees leaving soon 
Just got out of work and the sun is killing my eyes  i need sun glasses bad!
I forgot my sunglasses  it is so sunny!
@marshmelly, sorry about your glasses!!  
I really wish I could find my glasses. 
My sunglasses broke 
ok definitely feeling my age; can't read with contacts on; don't need reading glasses yet but I can feel it coming 
Wish I had glasses.. Scratched my eye nd my contacts hurt      sad story
@NaomiER  aint nothin wrong with glasses !
Why cant my glasses ever stay clean? 
I hate glasses and my contacts but I can't get surgery. What can I do?!? 
@robyoung26 It only seems to have two lenses available, not sure what the prices will be for individual lenses. 
needs reading glasses... 
ive broken 2 pairs of sunglasses this year already 
Working orientation session 7 with a Double dose of dayquil and no glasses/contacts... 
just sat on my sunglasses and broke them. boo   where can i get them fixed??
took kiddo to get his glasses and he looks very handsome in them...can't believe how fast he's growing up 
I am struggling to tweet without my spectacles 
Someone chipped one of my wine glasses and another is missing. I don't think i've ever even used them myself 
i just now noticed i REALLY need to start using my glasses!!! :O going blind 
@jupitusphillip Those tattoos are hilarious!! And how dare you not be hung over! 4 glasses of wine and I'm a mess the next day!  x
I have to face up to the facts, I need glasses ... 
I just realized hats and sunglasses give me headaches 
Does  anyone know how to do the bio? I can barely see the screen without my glasses 
@emily_ford I have a big head (literally &amp; figuratively), so I need wide-framed glasses. I think my solution is that I need big headbands 
damn! I need my glasses! I cant even see what I write! 
@sammy0109 awww those are my old glasses... the first are my new ones 
soooooooooo... i cant find my glasses 
my glasses are broken. for a second i thought my eye was going blurry to then realize that the lense had fallen out. 
The new prescription in my glasses is making me dizzy 
Just got woken up to my brandnew martini glasses shattering on the floor....not sure how it fell...but too tired to figure it out  sad day
sitting at my desk &amp; having to wear sunglasses to see my screen because it's too sodding bright  look like a total numpty!
Just woke up...forgot to take my contacts out so I have to wear my glasses.. 
Is not happy about having to wear glasses 
HATES wearing glasses!! 
my sunglasses are broken 
My fave red sunglasses just broke. 
@justellie oh and I looked in my car and I didnt find your glasses, 
i can't find my obnoxious red sunglasses 
@veuve_clicquot http://twitpic.com/7qok0 - Those glasses are terrible  I'm glad we live in more enlightened times &amp; use flutes
I lost my sunglasses on break 
@gatorayd I need new glasses 
http://twitpic.com/7s9pa - Me. I miss my glasses 
dying my hair  got my new glasses  no iPhone 
Is super sad her fav sunglasses broke... 
I've lost my favourite sunglasses 
lost his glasses.. 
@JaytheBigLug I'm beginning to think I need to wear my reading glasses even when tweeting 
forgot my glasses though. 
My geek goggles are no more!  they broke!
Just broke my glasses 
Ugly $99 glasses would cost me $457 because my eyes are so bad unless they grind the lenses down I'll have coke bottle glasses. 
I really must be patient while wearing my lenses ... I must just go and try again 
My new glasses make me look like a poindexter rather than the cool look I was after 
Is slightly burnt with a clear sunglasses mark. 
looks like I do need to buy a new pair of glasses 
got new glasses today. they hurt the back of my ears loads and they make my eyesight distorted. 
I lost my contacts  not like I dropped them, I put them in my bag a few days ago and I think they fell out....i'm sick of wearing glasses!
is sounding desperate...my own fault for leaving it too late..o and havent got my glasses on or contacts in so nose pressed to the screen 
MISSING: my only pair of glasses 
@teamrobsten sweet!! i want raybans so badly, but can't put away $160+ for sunglasses right now  bet they are awesome!
My glasses broke. 
Ugh, I need to get new glasses. This pair is scratched up to high heaven. 
2 glasses of wine and I'm not even sleepy. If that doesn't make me tired then I don't know what will 
my glasses are still somewhere all along without owner!  getting new glasses tomorrow.
@LLvina actually nothing! lol we just ate lunch there but i really had my eyes on this gorgeous sunglasses but my mum won't let me get it 
 why does the optician hate me. stoopid glasses.
Already broke 2 pairs of sunglasses this week 
needs her blind ass some glasses 
@nwoolhouseuk  earplugs?
my day got worse, went for an eyetest and i need stronger glasses! dodgy tummy, burnt face &amp; bottle thick glasses - its over for coaster 
@stinabeana10 I think I lost my effin sunglasses 
My new glasses give me a headache. 
2 taco hut i want, and 1 i hate my new glasses 
I definitely have a tanline from my sunglasses.. 
@mojokiss I miss thee very very much. Your glasses can only comfort so much 
i have to wear glasses for a month.  
got burnt sitting under an umbrella. and now it looks like i'm wearing sunglasses.. 
without my glasses , i can't even read something on mac screen  my eye is seriously getting bad
is going to wear his glasses again. 
but it's starting to come back cos i lost my glasses 
I flew off my jetski and lost my sunglasses!  It was worth it though
How do I find out what style of glasses will suit my face, my personality AND my work environtment? Blergh, I need a glasses guide. 
Ugh. I cant find my glasses. 
@jonobrain genius mate, and @mattbooth could be the same but with a hat, and i could just have no glasses 
Looking forward to this evening, I'll go and choose my new glasses 
@arianneftsk I have glasses that look like the rayban wayfers, they were very cheap though, like $15 
Just bought some nice sun glasses for under fifty bucks 
thinking of switching to rudy projects... esp since i wear glasses, they have those with lens behind the shades. forget about contacts!!! 
is excited for her bbycks sunglasses to comee! 
@flossa he's yummy too. And i just bought D&amp;G sunglasses 
has just picked up his new glasses 
@tommcfly wow tom.i can say you really have cool sunglasses....where'd you buy it? 
@shillothesex I luv sexy big red glasses 
going through some old pictures and I kind of miss wearing glasses  wow, I never imagined myself saying that!! 
I really want to get glasses. I have $150. I'm good. I hope I can get some. 
@Baywatchboy http://twitpic.com/3oszw - I like the glasses! 
@mozart71 @ImajicArt @ecaps1 hahahaa  company glasses 
Two glasses..feeling good. 
i'm wearing my glasses ryt now. it's not too shabby. it's actually looks good on me.  haha.
http://twitpic.com/4e9xl - Or folded up kitty cat glasses if you purrfur 
Just got some new prescription swimming goggles. 
@mmitchelldaviss gosh I love ur glasses lol 
@twincy Does your mother need glasses or something? 
new glasses 
@brileigh85 I am laughing SO hard right now! I'm excited for your glasses too 
@hannahrmoore I think I can find some other gross stuff for his glasses 
http://twitpic.com/4f6zc - lol hiding behind the giant sunglasses 
@Carlkr please wear glasses in your next video!  you look amazing in them. 
Headbands and sunglasses.  
@akomuzikera just a few glasses of wine while crunching numbers.  i can make it to work. i'm pretty sure. haha
bought new sunglasses tho 
aww aiki gave us shot glasses  sooo nice
yay , new glasses  .
@maximil85 so, I hope you are using your new glasses 
@weava77 h* where are those sunglasses of mine 
@Jintanut I love the sunglasses 
@SKINTHIWATT  why u wearing your glasses? 
@Woywegian those glasses are a trap! so long as you enjoyed 
is off to get new glasses 
getting ready to go collect my first new glasses in nearly a decade 
From now on need to use glasses...and I hate it...btw it looks cool 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5cyr7 - I didn't know you wore glasses. You look really cute in them 
i have my glasses naaa! hahaha. 
I want a wayfarer style of frame or whatever you call that for my glasses! :-B 
right now have received brand new glasses 
@goodgosh I'm was already laughing watching through fogged up glasses. 
@lkenner that was animals...blind w/o glasses can't see w/ them on! 
bought new pj's and some new wine glasses tonight. 
