Most common words for this cluster:
[('go', 623), ('make', 230), ('be', 145), ('stay', 106), ('day', 104), ('quot', 89), ('bring', 81), ('com', 75), ('time', 73), ('http', 69), ('hang', 65), ('today', 64)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Go', 0.8482202887535095), (u'Get', 0.7591300010681152), (u'Make', 0.7320104241371155), (u'Bring', 0.7053002715110779), (u'Come', 0.6952992081642151), (u'Be', 0.6880661845207214), (u'Try', 0.6861423850059509), (u'Stay', 0.6831391453742981), (u'Find', 0.6671690940856934), (u'Prove_Themselves', 0.666093111038208)]





I'm tired. I feel like crap. And the world feels all crummy. Make me happy, USB disco mouse. 
I reaaly miss john mayer's twitters.  fuck rude people. Remove him if you don't like his tweets, bitchfucks.
Go too the schoolll  i have sleeeppp
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. hahahaha not.. I need a good joke 
It occured to me that I think my biggest problem is I don't have any kind of reliable support system.  Insert suicidal thoughts 
Working from home...son's allergies are killing him!   Drop by for a visit www.ideastorm.com
Go to class??.... Or study.... 
Let's Go D-Backs!! Opening Day was great-- too bad I had to watch it from work    instead of from the ballpark.  Game 2 tonite !!
Dear AT&amp;T:  Get your act together with the Coachella webcast.  I missed The Hold Steady end.    http://music.att.com
Painfully hungry...  Bring my appetizers plz.
@fuffle   What did you go see?  Be decadent, get a taxi next time!
Let's Get Clinical is on RCRD LBL http://is.gd/t9br I want the full album  #maximopark
Make that an LG Shine :-P I had too much sugar at the theaters last night. I miss Spencerrrr 
Bad head, muscles aching  Things to get done today: 1. Write. 2. Watch BSG. 3. Try to not have cake.
Today: 1. Dentist  2. Downtown with my girlies 3. Famous videoshoot 4. Go back home &amp; work.
I want the chowmein and shrimps that I got from Spring Rolls (Go) but they don't make the same kind at the resto 
Turn this shit off plz! 
@only_erin  hope it's as good as it looks! Hang out after? 
Leave me alone! 
Go back home, such a xsue of time 
Cut a bit of skin off my finger... Owwwiiieeee    I think its time to go to bed now.
School Starts Tomorrow  Dont Want To Go!
Babysitting  About To Go To Metro Centre
i Have to Go Study Soon 
Oh god i hurt  kill me please, i feel like im dying. Make it stop
I broke my 8Start, I shall have to rebuild my version of this app 
@MattCheetham Go and stop it!  
Oy vey. Stick a fork in me, I'm done, and its not even 10 a.m. yet... work till 4:30 w-ho-rah! 
How Do i Write 
Also, Five Guys lies about their hours. Sign said 3 am, door said 2 am - no burgers for us 
Cut my nose shaving   i hate when i do that
heading to work and bummed I am missing the game today  Go Pens
Happy Sunday all! Welcome Game 3! Unfortuately I have a game at same time 2day, so missin all  Go #Canucks Go!
Orioles are down 0 - 2.  Turn this game around
I want to be on vacation so bad  Bring on the sun &amp; the beachhhh! 
@craigfots Completely knackered yep! Make sure you take cash as they have no card facility now-the 'shop' is now a portacabin by the 10th 
I am about to go home and recuperate after the surgeries.  Bring on a nice hot cup of tea and a biscuit. BOFs desk is forlorn...boooooooo 
Go to class right now 
Have installed msysGit and TortoiseGIT (64bit edition). every Git option yields &quot;Msys Git Install Path Error&quot;  no path is accepted.
Missing my best friend  Hurry up and get home dude!!! ? http://blip.fm/~4mpc9
Make the spider go away 
@nell_xo - I currently feel like I'm going to be sick. Erghh.  Go t' town. It's lovely out. Just don't lie on the grass.
@MsPPBell Please hold me. Make it better. Make it all go away ... 
@deKay01 Leave me alone  The bloody thing didn't correct me so I didn't argue.
Trying to find motivation for starting work week. Caffiene, Fail. Getting off twitter wld prob. increase productivity though. Bye tweets 
I really want to Go  !!!
some1 explain the difference btw step into and Step over.... 
Make or break time. I'm absolutely terrified I've forgotten something. 
thinks there should be more on telli  bored! Bring on 20 to 1!
Make shore you go to your ela teacher 
@Twyst don't scrub your eye.Go to the doctor if you have to. 
Cut my finger on my braces 
@suehenry Go Sue go, out to walk on waterfront, clouding over 
Going home. Relax..watch a movie..or work on my dumb projects 
Was playing Go on my iphone against a guy in Mongolia and my wifi dropped.    I think I was winning. Rats!
Make that one hour of sleep...aaaah  fml
I reached the tweetie rate limit and it locked me out. Make my night worse, why don't you. 
@giovannaz Wow, Buy indie day! That sounds so great! I don't think I did, though. 
Go to work 
The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and there's not a cloud in the sky, what a perfect day to... Go over Promissory Estoppel 
Go to work way to early 
At work  Bring me derby food
@simplyshanon Make sure you give me instructions once you do. 
@randymatheson @knealemann listenin 2 a lot of J-Lo! Stuck @ a Let's Get Loud dance comp here at work until 830pm  Earlier was Kaisers tho
@pbuzzell ahh you didn't go?!??  Hang in there! 
....Make the most of them we don't get many, I have to be here which is rubbish 
@vixen37 Bless you,, its heartbreaking...  Be strong for her and keep the love flowing... You are in my thoughts. **HUGS**....... xxxxx
 I need to stop settling for less as of  right now. Seriously. Stay the fuck away from them. Spend all your money on shit that you want.
I miss that Angehllic @techn9ne shit.. Bring it back bro!!!! 
Pressed Enter instead of backspace on my phone. 
Make it stop, @kajimelons is talking about babies 
Start p2, finish p2. Not so bad actually 4 the spaniard, but i feel lil disappointed 
@iMoose  ...Hang in there.
@ginfear  Lots of blueberry juice. Full of antioxidants. Go back to bed. Hangover sorted.x
@StaceyKaniuk Sounded pretty exciting! Move went smooth, it's the re-organizing that's the killer... still going at it. 
is getting sick... again  Bring on the man voice!
@TiffLacey I'm terribly sorry for your loss! Be strong and hang in there! 
@rahuljrark Go,go with MI once again now..KKR again lost..WTF!!! 
@gfalcone601 How come?  Go have some pain killers and some sleep! xx
Last day at my store  Start at my new store in pville tomorrow!!
RainRain Go Away 
Is that your plan ? Build this confidence inside me , just to break it down ?  
Toss and turn at 2+  sleepless night. - http://tweet.sg
@greysonsmith Aw man and your day was going so well.  Hang in there.
Missing my weekend visitors all ready!  Hurry up and get back here please?
I think I have a small tear in my right lobe  Go listen to our songs, love us, and tell your friends!!!
Hurry up everyone and wake up so I don't have to hang about in my own company 
@partyonwade I'm still in bed... Be home already 
I HATE This weather! Go away sandstorm 
@mohdafiq7 Go figure. Twirl is cooool like me! Ha ha. I want twitterberry 
@clarissa61190 hahahaha! Lol what's this!?I'm being used  hahahaha!!Find your own Latinos they are all mine;)gathering sounds epic! Tho:p
@FarFromPerfect7 I'm sorry everything seems to suck right now. Hang in there. 
Feelin like dump. Sitting in class doing this. ovb. Make me feel betterrrrr 
Ouch.  Hang nail on my thumb.   these are the worse.
@Wossy I'm sympathetic.  I have a splinter in my foot at the moment and it hurts - don't know where it came from either  Be better soon x
Cramps wahhhhhh   i don't want to get out of bed. Bring on the mass amounts of tylenol
Cut my finger while cutting vege  how undomestic. great night spent with bf &amp; bb, watching movie, eating lots of dessert and chatting &lt;3
is now stalking the lover's ex plurk account. Make me stop 
@ChrissyAsad LOL alright I have to see the goodiez hehehehe. Go lakers, yao ming is out for the year with a broken foot  yay we got this
I suddenly feel like I fell of the face of the earth! Stay out of arkansas! 
@DanSherwood the starting line. Make it happen and you are a god. They are all broken up for a few more years 
@allison0528 Pic is on the FL site - one of the girls posted it. Go check out the thread and comment 
@necolebitchie ...awe why  Be safe anyways.
5am and I'm awake courtesy of my back which I've managed to fuck up in a new a seemingly more painful way. Go me 
I want a dolphin. Buy me one? 
Morning all I have shocked Hubby2Be by being up before 7am! Washing on line, more in, hair wshed &amp; dried now to tackle house 
Still haven't finished through all this studying. Go, I look like a panda right now. Even the concealer can't help it. 
I think I may cry. I can't sleep. I've been trying for hours and can't fall asleep. I've only had 3 hours in the last 3 days. Make it 4. 
@foodiesarah Slim at best.  Make sure it IS dry before you try anything with it though (especially plugging it into the mains).
Download.Facebook.Watch Movie.Eat.Sleep..same ol' routine. 
@RaveyRai Be thankful at least you don't have suddenlink that messes up for days at a time 
Cut my finger on the knife, it hurts 
@mrscoopergeechi Hang in there boo boo   You're a strong woman...always remember that
Rearranged pretty much the whole house yesterday and now my whole body is sore... Sign of getting old 
@nikorudesu  best wishes. Stay positive
Leave keys in cab + can't get hold of landlord = holiday inn 
Stay strong ayah. Hopefully nothing bad happens to you. 
@johnvanham Go on, rub it in will you 
Stuck in traffic on the way to school  will there be time for starbucks... Stay tuned!
ISP dragging its feet - 2 hrs and counting. Be back when it gets sorted. No wireless nearby today. 20 mins to read a few tweets 
#3turnoffwords what say you (via @Samthepoodle) &quot;Put to sleep&quot; 
daughter spent the night with in-laws. Pick her up tonight &amp; she has a raging cold. Just now got her back to sleep. 
Holy crap, I am so sore! Make it stop!! 
My ears are ringing  Make it stop!
Start work in 2 hours sad times  would rather be having a lazy day with texting and twitter at my fingertips
... Go away with Lena to eat icecream.  ,but we must write something for Biology 
Part 3 ofmy cure for drinking too much the night before..... Go shopping at Tesco 
You guys! Stay out of my dreams! They make me sad 
Go me, woke up at 2.30pm again! So... sunday, eh. What to do? I don't feel like studying (as usual) 
@Argbuggen Hear hear. 
I need to go home  Roll on summer times!
@friskky whattt? That's sucks, was it dark when you notice it was gone? Go look for it 
@iheartnynuk hi!! How's HI? Its freezing here   hope ur having a great trip! Bring sun back!
Hurry up itunes!!! I want to sleep. 
@JoliOwave Awwww  I wish I could b there 2 take care of u...Prepare u an icepack, turn on ur fav movie, n give u a nice massage...
@zacmartin I'm hyper connected. Leave me alone. 
@kswhitesides Love that word   im sorry  Go 88, 19!
@maademenent  aww lol money  and I have kids.. soo.. yea.. *sigh* Make it happen papi LOL
2:53am...everyone else is cuddling with their loved ones. I'm in my work clothes. Go me! 
Leave to go home 2moro night how did it come so fast??? 
Apparently this really is the worst I've looked in years. Nothing tonight.  Move along.
 mon morn and i hav the biggest headache everrrrrr!  Roll on 3wks already!! x
Damn ! Back tO schOol ! ShOuld Be Read again again and again 'bOut her futur test ... 
exams why are you so lame. Go away 
Make that 1.5 weeks.  These next 10 days are going to suck.  
Theres a shadow stuck constantly on my interweb page. Go away shadow 
@PenguinBooksAus Wonderful news. Did you decide against tweeting gossip?  Go Tim!
@colemma Whats up bro-in-law? Make KK get on here sinceshe dont call me no more..... 
@sangosimo Nah it's this website that's having issues. Mind, my site needs a real host.. Go have a look! 
back at work. Finish tomorrow which isn't a good thing for my pay packet 
Go away rain 
Nervous...ack! | Helen, you can do it! Finish strong! | no! I cant  | yes you can! Now go out there and ace that test! Go, go, go!
@lucyvonne11 Prepare for a strange and most probably stressful morning at work. And try to come early if you can. 
It is rainy and nasty outside . . Go figure the day would be like this after the celtics lost game seven. 
The seniors class song is We All Roll Along and I'm piiiissed. I really wanted We'll All Be to be ours next year  The lyrics are perfect
Noooo! Found another 1...Make that 2 down 7 to go! 
Too Tiired,..  Wanna Go Home,..
@koset I'm in MA  just supporting the team from afar. Make sure you say hi to my team mates though!
@jay_lake Ah, man.  Hang in there, boss.
@Denveratlast yes, and it's actually NOT a hangover??? Go figure 
Start my long wait at the airport to head home. 
Relax time on my bed . Text - ing with my boy. I miss him already 
GeTtInG rEaDy 4 WoRk....... ThIs iS gUnNa Be A lOnG dAy....     
doesn't know what to do... Go to the gym or go home!? 
Go Leo! $10M in my bank account and I'd be gapping it too. Mind you I spose the rest of us will pay for Westpacs stuff up in our fees 
Toss, turn, think. Turn, toss, think. Toss, think, turn. Turn, think, toss. Repeat. UGH! Go to bed brain and go away 24 hour tummy ache 
@QueSarahSarah28 I fucked my toe up! Make it better 
Now at work. Finish my fag then it's in I go  roll on 12!!!
Interest payment on savings account. More money in there, less than half the interest of last year. Go Captain Savings! 
Leave school today, had some good times, gonna miss it 
Allow me to tweet away my frustration....just got spoken to in such a derogatory way on the phone by a very nasty man 
My results suck. Prepare for a scolding + beating... 
Go The Bulldogs! ;D really tired 
Step son's exhausted after doin nothin yest while I was @ wrk, what a hard life that lazy boy lives, his dad needs 2 make him look 4 wrk 
@crossoverman Not good  Make sure you see a doctor if the neck doesn't get better [/mother hen]
I checked my ipod touh swine flu application and where i live, in florida, there are still 3  Be safe everyone
back is killing me.....energy level dropping..........vacation is needed. Spend my day off sleeping in till 3. 
@ashleighbabe dude, you should have been at my house! We had a chicken feast! I want cheesecake but I can't have it  Go on MSN?
@joshhh91 It is a fantastic game, but my update is taking forever so I can't play for a while.  Buy it while it's cheap, bro.
@Kungjew noooooo dude.  bad news bears. Stay strong buddy!
ah,abs ntn Push td sore.ngurangin jatah tdur gw 
@NovaWildstar Go on run away 
No Go for Atlantis landing today!!! 
@theambershow  feel better soon. Stay hydrated.
Heading to work... Be there all day 
@countingcrows You don't look either happy or well  Hang in there hon &amp; good luck xxxxxx
@LaDaisyD Leave my poor baby alone 
@seariderfalcon Had that a few days ago. Sign on the door was flicked over but the woman still came in. I was meant to be gone by then. 
@gigi4462: they dumb as y ! Go figure clueless as 2 how 2 cam 
Go listen to dime by cake, its not that sad?  don't be sad!
Learning Stick.  i'm officially sticking with automatic
@justdevin oh man   #Yankees are coming back - real nail biter.  Go #Rangers Go!
Make that nothing goin on in the 7th  http://myloc.me/1MGd
@TawnyHeath YIKES   Be careful Tawny !!  I wanna hear ya sing when I retire lol 
I like being on the board of my various non-profits, but it's starting to seriously mess with fun sporting events  Go Giants tomorrow :0)
Make a wish.  I need to :/  too bad they don't come true 
Go Barca! ...I wanna watch the game 
@beckerbuns Scooter broke  It was four years old, it was time. @caseyzero has control of it now, is turning into mad science. Be afraid.
@Madame_Monroe Aww babe  ... I love u...Be safe...call me if u need anything
@RyanSeacrest Hour 21??? Go to sleep! You're going to be so tired tomorrow at 4am. 
Feeling guilty about the pizza I just ate!  Stay focused!!!
@cristianlp it has something to do with your macular I think?? Go see a doctor 
Cut my knee in the bath, hurts like fuck. 
Ready To Go @ School 
Hear @jonasbrothers full album preview during todays webcast!  #jonasnewsongs NO WAYYY I couldn't 'tune in'    
It's sooo hot 2day!! Put a ton of sunblock on before jogging; still think my face burnt though! 
@kiitzyy I think so hahah geez lady 3 hours ago?? Go to bed!! Lack of sleep is bad for your skin! 
Drop the girl she's only got it for your heart she's sure to leave broke and bleeding, and you know she'll turn her back on you.  I lo ...
Once again, I'm dealing with cancer in my direct family. Bugger  Cancel sucks!
@ryan_price Oi, I ran into the problem too  not a good fix, but there's an app in utilities called &quot;Grab&quot; that works good enough...
Has been listening to 2 nine yr olds, murdering hannah montanna on disney sing it.. Bring on the headache tablets!! 
Feeling bad for my little sister. Put a lot of money into her Saab, took full coverage off it last week, and totalled it yesterday 
@theemptynest  I've had that before...sometimes, they turn into other things; felt is very forgiving. Remould? Cut up and re-form?
@maryegilmore Ready! Its raining in Miami though  Go Cavs right?
I hate being sick.  Make me soup?
Cut my thumb with the saw in small metals   again...
I want to go shopping tomorrow, but I have to work  Buy me things, you know you want to!
@2flutterby  Hang in there! Drink some hot coco
'Whats your stand on gay marriage?' - me. 'what the fuck natalie, stop asking me these gay ass questions! Go get a job!' - dad.  
Turn over report...done 
I Want To Go See Up. But I Don't Want To Go With My Mom And Brother. 
The book bloggers panel is not listed anywhere in the program!   Be there tomorrow at 2pm in room 1E15.  #BEA09
@sky14kemea There gone.  Now I'm going home.  Make me sad to leave the mall.  
Make plans, i have none!! 
I seriously want a pug  Buy me one?
@xchristineannx Aww I'm sorry your boys are sick.   I'll keep my fingers crossed for no tails. lol Stay well youself and get better boys!
AHHHHHHHH omg Pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!! wtf omg osn !!! Make it stop mommy make it stop 
Dosen't Want To Go To Work Tomorrow 
At my rehearsal...gonna miss the game  please keep me updated! Go Nuggets!
@jasonswineblog Make that 0-3. 
@jbain75 I have to wait another week for the guy  all the ducks are in a row though!!!!  Were getting there!  Go lakeshow
Massive throbbing headache.  Make me better !
Move delayed to morning 
@cloudofaeries Oh no, you're scaring me! Go to bed and don't fight anymore!! 
Buy-bye ramon.  it's a biz, it's omir's time. #mets #26manroster
@badgersprite BPD Musical - Be afraid. Be very afraid. At work. No chatzy tonight, unfortunately.  On work comp. not my laptop.
@Xambot Be careful. 
I'm bored. Make my day 
Want To Go Camping on the field  I wish we could but mum has work @ 5 am.Gonna Go back out 4 food.Wanna steal Dev's Base its sick!
Please.. Someone.. Bring back my yahoo messenger for me 
@VistosoBosses2 lol. Go Ground her. I'm guessing she doesn't like me 
@ThatChrisGore Put an extra one of those in your brain for me. I need a drink... 
Sickkk again..   Hold me .
Go web go! The po po's didn't like it tho  wonder if there be any crowd hooking up action by Reg_182 least we have each other I'd we fail
@taufikn Don't know either. Always failed to upload it one hour ago. @albeitarse say that it will came up in d next 2 hours. 
@backstreetboys Our dear AJ is getting sick?  Go to the allergist... And what is that photographer talking about? You are clueless dude!
having hard time falling asleep. Sign that tomorrow will be a bad day for leg  - hope I'm wrong.
just watched jay's last show  Bring on conan!
interview went ok (didn't embarrass myself at least) but didn't get the job.  Not to worry, Glow Learn training next week, GoApe 25th-26th
@mz_kandy09 ok I'll let her know, but I won't be able to Make it I close that day 
Just woke up at 4am &amp; I'm starving. So what do I do? Eat something only 2 go back 2 sleep? Drink a huge glass of H2O? Or can I ignore it? 
I got 60% on my sis' quiz at fb! I lost a chance to have a free Stick-O! 
Decided too high to risk balancing on ladder!  Put bait hive on the wall and am hoping they will get the message - will check later #bees
I have so many things to do  .. 1. Go to the dentist @ 5:30 .. 2. Go to Patchi 3. Buy a gift for a friend 4. Work on a presentation 
@jazzy__fizzle omg i forgot about that!!! Stay dry today too   xo
Up and out... Build a bear status  I dnt like waking up this early..smh
Busy 2day. Cut, chip, shred. Fix broken water line in apt renovation. Introduce new female gsd w/ heartworms to guys.   No Net2NO bbq tho.
Make that four!  #lions
@ObsessedDiamond aww, no  Be happy that @alexandramusic is back, though!! We're having a party on the forum- you should come along!! x
In the 'burg again today...Go Pens!  (and no, we don't have tickets to the game 
It's only 9:40. At work and going insane already. Pick upppp already. 
Just heard on the news about this fam in mesa,az that was robbed   ...all reportedly due to a follower on twitter!! Be careful what u ...
@ghettoverit: Heyyy... Be nice to queens 
glorious weather! Roll on holidays! I have my phone back and now i have to download everythin onto it again!!! 
@mileycyrus Why are you feeling  ?!  Be 
don't Know Where To Go 
Drop my phone and now it's all strached  sucksss.
Jays vs. BoSox at the Dome in T.O. I was supposed to be there!!!  Go Jays Go!!!
Go magic tonight!! I hope the beer I buy is enough to last 
Covered in sweat.  stupid fever! Go away!
@green_i_girl  I'm sorry. Be back soon, movie starting.
Ise Ready To Go Home!!!!!!!!! I'm Bored 
@eblais09 my love what r u doing??!! Hurry up and come home 
Getting my hair done this week. Cut, color &amp; japanese straigtening. Ahh too much money! I'm gonna be broke  anyone recommend a good color?
Go away, depressing weather. You make me sad 
@Jennifalconer Agree with you there, Jenni. And no...we didn't win  Be good if another Tweeter did though!
now talking about his fave @Make magazine projects. but I missed them.   he's heading off to sign autographs
@ifoundmycapo .... I am so bad with word association. xD Go get someone else! 
Prepare 4 the trip with my empty belly 
@CaroTheNyx Pick somewhere and we'll go! I feel like my whole life is falling apart right infront of my eyes babe 
@sprittibee Make one! I take it you didn't get a sponsor. 
@DONDITO: I feel like... Hurry the hell along. It's going by so slowly!!!!! 
Make-up went good today! Lol! To bad i'm not going anywhere! 
I haz a headache  and I dun like it  Make it goes away!
Ahh crap. Go so much work to do today 
Make him go away 
My knee is kind of hurting tonight.  Watching college softball. Go Bama!
Sign turned off as we approached! It's a closed 
@caitsings Sounds like the cables are getting pinched, or you have a video (logic board) issue. Bring it in. 
Kick ass day at the beach, but now I have a cracked windshield. 
My face burns with the fire of Allah!! @RizBizz Make it better 
Pick N Pull came to tow my old van. It was so hard to watch it pull off. 
@sarking I like the woman at the helm even better! Make love, not wank, Trekkies. 
No! Make it go away. 
Start the week already 
This is me    Go magic!
home on a saturday night :/ Finish packing. last night in my house 
It hurts 2 be a woman! Make u wish u didnt have ovaries.    JaHaitian Gal
Freakin' cricket. Go away 
Freakin' cricket. Go away  http://ff.im/-3qgq5
Pfft. Go get me food 
@loveanalove #twitter awe lame. Bring #ohnotheydidnt back  haha.
@TFLAMB PSP Go is horrendous. The placing of d-pad &amp; analog stick? UGH! I was expecting it to slide up and reveal a qwerty keypad 
I feel like sh*t I hope I'm not getting sick. That'd. Be the worst. 
@TNZB Leave your pimp stick out of this you bastard 
Go toilet twice times at ptt coz of hoiy dong 
Go diversity! they were intense! xxx...until the summer theres no reality contests to watch  but roll on X factor! xx
Hear about the whales  was off twitter 4 most of yesterday.
@moss1982 thanks  i can only do 1 date now  is it bad but if Sign were supporting,id do more dates?!
 all good. I should be home early. Buy not sure how early.
@anagrams i wub woo. Make your phone twitter work  x
The hot weather has brought barechested chavs off the flowers estate. Make them go away 
@Go_Follow_Heli im so jealous. haha. i havent been to any of those places  i go to San Beda its here in the Philippines ;)
Someone please help this tshirt and jeans person. Go dress shopping with me 
@wasabean ?????????  Go for it!
Python is Easy to Learn! But hard to Use 
Tis too hot!  Wanna go out and take some photos, but feel like I am gonna melt after more than 5 mins out there! Bring back yesterday.
In the car, about to start my journey back home  Stay Tuned...
@id10t2u: laundry stinks  sum guy got robbed up the street last time we were here.  Tip: Reply with 'leave id10t2u' to turn off update ...
Two hours have passed and I STILL haven't done diddly sqwat around this place!  what's wrong with me!!! Go! Go! Go!
I don't feel well.  I am coughing up stuff that is yellow and red.   Quarantining myself at work.  Stay away!
but through all my fun i missing best gurls @sexy_drea and @LissaMarsWorld   ...Hold ya heads girlies, missin ya'll
I'm angry, distressed and restless. Suggest something. 
Cut my lip. 
Ready For WOrk....Uggghhh. I Reeeeally Dont Wanna Go.  Super Tired. 
I keep forgetting about twitter (sorry) and I think I'm sick. Bring me food and tea at work 
Ouch! Hang overs suck 
Go fuck yourself life. 
I feel like a bad nerd cuz I'm not at Make. 
Let's Go Padres.... Beat them Rockies, they aren't good at all 
Turn brings him his diamond flush and I'm left with 100 chips left 
Alright folks, going to price the replacements  Be back soon, hold me down. Stay focused, STAY INSPIRED!!!
@Kouneli Be happy you have low voltage then. 
Crap... School tomorrow  Better not miss the school bus.. Be well annoying if I do
Write my life isn't easy 
@insatiable_fix  I was trying to get the little one some pancakes for breakfast after church but it was lunch time  Yuck - O!  Be glad you
I think this may be a virus. Make it stop... 
I just got destroyed by a practice test. Hold me 
@CainAndrews hey cant dm from my fone 4sum reason  Works really slow 2nyt. Finish @8.15am
@lucy_lilly Why? What are you talking about lol? Leave my picture alone! 
Bubble Wrap ... cant stand it!! dont wanna cry  !!! buy cant either turn it off :/
@kathy_marcelino @xstinalicious @abbyfuckinbaby I haven't slept yet    All I wanna do is just eat! Stay up for 32+ hours what's good
Ssssooooo tired and still not finished  Almost, though, almost, I can see the Finish line
@yessenia Missed you guys too.  Fill me in tomorrow on the message.
I have nothing but anger right now. Go Pens. 
There goes my baby..........out of my sight.   Hurry home, big daddy.
@influcx of course I will, and omg! You poor thing! Go beddy bye!  &lt;hugsies!&gt;
@bloodred37 gmail spam filter has been crap for a month or two. No idea why.  as for shoes: vital. Go to a non-mall shoe-only shop. Really
@JennyErikson Dig deep and find out if it's mandatory for private schools as well. there is no opt out in public. 
My eye can get fucked, seriously. Allergies are so redundant omg. Go awayyy 
Throw up again all day.... Whuuaaaaa,.... 
@AIM139 why not listen to &quot;born to be wild&quot; instead ? Hang on..I think that must be way past your era of appreciation..I feel old 
@dernieredance ...  Make it work. *pout*
Make me sleep!!!!!! Ughhhhh my eyes won't close. 
Healthy lunch has resulted in pomegranate seed lodged between teeth.Cannot get it out  Be warned ... pomegranates are sneaky!
Thanks to you rain, I didn't get any sleep last night  Go away....please
@docmarion Please say a prayer for these Pilot Whales http://bit.ly/1e8Ni Be warned its very sad  via http://twib.es/5B5
Pulled some coins together to get my car washed.....AND as usual it rains the next day! Go figure... 
@buttercupamy and so begins the season that I worry about you more  Be safe!
8:32 Am Start my day...Go with my friend an later mmm study 
@taiiiiii I'm dumb but you left it. Simple bitch. Write another!! 
just back from bringing my girl to the airport  now packing for Donkey Rollers @ Italy tonight!! Bring it on !!
Wants To Go Outttt 
The weather gods are not shining on camden today. Bring back the sun and take away the horrid clouds! 
foundation went ok, I think..... Bring on LTA6 I guess 
On Leave but..loads of work related shuff to catch up on   Such a nice day too.
R.I.P Keegan  Be aware of your actions and words towards ppl, you never know how it will impact them.
Is drowning in reports. Be back up for air after 2:30pm 
-- ahhh! No, no, no...I do not have time to be sick this week! Go awwwaaayy! Bah! 
@Joshwang I'm not  Stick stuck at uni.
Go poly network! 
Actually Have to Start working.. but I soooo dont wanna...!! 
I wanna Go biking but I don't have a bike  lollllll
Swear to god: kid sitting next to me looks like a holocaust victim. Seriously... Eat.  but then again he might be sick
Uggh. Make that a two hour flight delay... 
Graduation tonight. Bring on the tissues. 
 really worried about my best friend. Stay strong girl I'll be praying for you!
@mileycyrus i was expecting there to be a new video?!  Hurry up and make a new one, miss you!! 
Marshall says the word/phrase of the day is: Be Exquisite(sp?). I don't like phrases I can't spell 
@JEFFHARDYBRAND Hang in there....&amp; please take care of yourself,,,,you are an amazing, blessed human &amp; maybe 2much in demand.. 
Dooin Hmwrk But Totally Cnt Be Arsed! 
Make the pain stopp 
Eat all my skittles  I want some more
@Beckkkky &gt;;O! But it was hairy and wierd! BECKYYY! Hold me! 
Holy stomach ache  really bad. Make it go awayyyyy
@derekjgoodman What's so creepy about said roommate?  Stay safe!  
Probably closing. Be home at eleven 
I'm Ready To Go Home! 
There's about a .5 second delay between when the person says something and when it gets broadcast over the speaker phone. Make it stop 
Cut cut three of my fingers cut deep man!   XoxO
argh why of why can't i get boxee on my ATV? Make patcher, plug in &amp; boot. NOPE i still get the apple logo and then it boots normally 
[@ work 'til midnight] -- ahhh! No, no, no...I do not have time to be sick this week! Go awwwaaayy! Bah! 
@Go_Wolf_Pack Dude, your video has no sound! Not very inspiring. 
Ive sunburn !!!!!  Roll on the weekend whoop whoop
@MSpicy Stay on Dearbone about it ... he set it up ... CK has no access to it! 
English exams?!? Go away... 
@fefebrowne they made a movie for Push..and im not mad just disappointed  lol
I want weekly mani/pedis. Go team poor 
@pablosu Its full now  Put headset on mute, it might be why your getting kicked ??
off to work  Be home at 11...YUCK!
@LegendaryWriter Awww!  Hang in there!
@TCharie Make him follow meeeeee 
I'm Sick -.- I Want Go Out !! 
I'll try to be back tomorrow afternoon! So busy! This week = Make it or break it  blaaa, studying, gonna go to bed soon! g'night &lt;3 or &lt;4!
Sleeepy time. Sign language class in the morning 
@AndrewHagiwara  screw that then! Hang out with me!
Turn off the thunder 
@erehkram I am not okay. Bring me back a croissant and hugs.   
@chad420  what's kiana doing? Go steal, I mean borrow, her phone hahahaha
@intolerable It totally blows, I know   Hang in there, good things will come again ;-)
Arrgghhh Exams  1 Down 5 To Go Lol
@AshleyLTMSYF hey welcome to Jakarta.Go for the show tonight.but unlucky i miss the show  love you all guys.hope tonight will be awesome
Go! Late on my WAF talks 
Off To Work  Started A New Blog Take A Look www.whoiscoggy.webs.com
Oh my god shut up. Use a tissue.  please.
biglang nalungkot ng narinig ang tagalog version ng &quot;Grow old with you&quot; 
Is ridiculously sick. Make it stopppp 
I HAVE STOMACH ACHE!  Owwwwwwwwwww.  Make it go awai 
Is broke at the End of last month paying her income tax and is broke the Start of this month after paying her insurance 
@traviskaimi Maybe I will! LOL!!! Eat up sweety, at least one of us is  and thanks for the good luck wishes!
Make up school 7:00am ugh 
I'm so lame today  Lounger has been waiting for me on the balcony for hours, and i'm still hanging out in the kitchen! Let's Go Passi!!!
@TheIanCrawford I already miss you  Be safe and good luck. You've always amazed me... 
All my prayers are with my father in law at the moment, who is in intensive care after a major heart attack  Make a speedy recovery Mait!
@fountain1987 how about relax? Go and chill out on the southbank and enjoy the last day of sun 
@GillianLaw Make the most of it. Cold weather front is on its way. 
@lindork Haha I know that feeling.  Be sure to take care of yourself!
Cut my chin open on my binder 
Now officially confused in accounting... Bring out the fractions and It goes over my head 
@Heaatherrr aww  Make Ewan get itt 
@therealjspace aw no. plans tonight.   have fun! Eat a dodger dog in my memory!
I miss James  14 Days To Go!!!
Had to leave work early...I am sick   Sinus infections are just awful.  I am going to take a hot shower and get into bed!!!  Go PENS.
Planning my night. Cook some dinner? Eat those brownies! Fold laundry  Talk to Andy! Eat more brownies! Watch Deadliest Catch! Done.
Start summer school tomorrow. Already found out I have to read almost 60 pages of stuff by next week. There goes my summer. 
@jordonferguson  why are you twittering this? Go to hospital. LOL
It is kind of... Make that really depressing... Being a personal trainer and martial artist &amp; confined to a bed or chair. 
So cold today... Bring back the summer 
Oh goodness.....  Hear a song and the memories rush in like a flood
singing old song :Turn back time&quot;....Aqua...I wish I can turn it back my time 
Go hard or Go home *literally* I had that convo w/my homegirls 2 day  they so mean
I'm back tweeters!  Go QLD and why can't I play with everyone else??   Have a drink for me as you watch the match tonight
Go online already. 
Feel like absolute utter crap. Damn this cold if mine!! Go away 
@fjordaan @magicdave2009 Amazon.co.uk customer service is great within certain parameters. Move out of those and you're in trouble. 
Hurry up  I hate exams so so much!
@jordaaaannnn I'm hyper too.  Be hyper with us!
@nostarwhere Looks orrible...  Bring on the banh mi, you know where and what time...
Cut her thumb while slicing apples 
Cut myself today  my finger is bloody numb
Cant Wait To Go Home!. Im Homesick!. 
@shakeuptheworld Go online in YM. 
Y have I been up...I don't have to be up until 7:30. {Go back to sleep, go back to sleep Ash}  lol
nerd-news: great...no Edit &amp; Continue for .NET Compact Framwork projects  #visualstudio
The suns gone      dont turn to chocolate!A short workout is a great way to release the happy hormones!!Turn that frown upside down.
I got smashed in the face playing soccer last night. Cut my gum and nose. 
At work n not happy about it. Make the best of it 
@janetwro You're lucky to have a frog! Make sure you keep your watering can upside down. They can jump in a they can't get out. 
Go Huck. go! 5:12  we lose
Hang out with people smarter than you... not me 
@arislyn Yikes.  Start steeling yourself for the repair bill now.  Ours died earlier this spring.  It wasn't pretty. 
Been up and at work for 2hours now!! Off 4 hours of sleep Let's Go 
@craigballantyne how can u help me have a better workout? Kick my butt to the gym. Really not motivated last few months &amp; it shows. 
@fashionsocialit handful of clients today.... Write, write, write  lol
@melissaindot o ya I forgot  Go see my Mummy!
Go do other things he wouldnt want to do anyways. Like the skydeck &amp; signature club. But i miss him when im out without him  last night we
@jjking54. Leave my breasts out of this 
@jesseleemusic Now I hate you and your feet!!!.... Go back to sleep with the rest of the world..love,the one who can't sleep anymore 
@Wolfshade Be careful 
@drew Hang in there dude.  http://bit.ly/17RUwC #BlameDrewsCancer
Ignore my previous statement, After installing it i realize it's not what it used to be 
Just woke up. Cut herself at the pool yesterday and it hurts like a mo fo right now!     
Step daughter came 2 stay last nite after breakin with her boyfriend  she has my sympathies he acted so crass, there was no need for it
@Ainz90 I'm a fool. Ignore me. I thought it was today. 
I just want to stay. Stay, you hear? (I got burned. The grill is evil.) Ow 
@robgough toothache is the worse  I sympathise! If u have it, its the only thing u can think about. Be brave &amp; go to the dentist! x
Go online @dannymcfly and @TomFelton ! I want a tweet before I sleep. 
@williams1977:  Go Eggles?  
It was working. Go to work come back and it's down again. 
Ahh Dont Want Him To Go 
I'm already Fucked off. I am frustrated and annoyed. Make me smile? 
I'm gonna be the main stripper there. Bring lots of 1's so you can tip me. Times are hard. 
@BOPandTigerBeat I wish!!  Make sure you get lots of pics of @mitchelmusso &amp; @mileycyrus together while you're there! 
Techy issues keeping me disconnected   Feel like the lil kid running behind all the cool big kids yelling, &quot;Wait for me!  Wait for me!&quot;
@A_RAVEN  Aww...well dnt b unwell! It's beautiful out! Go grab a bottle n turn yo swaggg oooonnnn!!! lmao
paper work sucks and I am over it! Make the rain go away 
Omggg  Watch &quot;boy in the striped Pajamas&quot; last week.  bawledd my eyeess outt  stupid nazi's and hitler.
Start of Prototype game ad just triggered me 
@karlalarla It was soooo amazing; Go soon there's only a week left. 
@Deltavogue so sowry to hear about kitty   Hang in there!
@jimmycarr What's going on with all you shrinking comedians eh? It makes me sad  Eat some pies boys, I don't like to see you fading away!
Wad it do mah twitter fam?? Bummed cant attend da concert in ct satrring day 26 &amp;&amp; more..   Make me feel better..
How Do Is Use This Thing 
I Dont Know Wat To Cook  
@OrlaMcKeating Hey darling, I found you!!! Go funk! Go dirty, even if it is without me this weekend 
Turn right makes me cry  cant wait to hear it fully
@LaniBrooke darn...I thought I read &quot;Go to bed and take a pic&quot; 
@Scotthomas kidding i am! i say &quot;Go hard, or go home!!&quot; Booyah!! i went home at 11:30  i'll harden up next BTUB
@bennylicious Prepare for major withdrawal symptoms now 
@Karrn oh no. I'm so sorry to hear about that. Hang in there mom it's hard to see your kid in pain. 
Would love to go see Away We Go, but i can't find a place it's playing around here!  sadness 
@mpq_tran I'm still working too  I feel your pain sistah!  Go downstairs for 5 to get some air.
@alexandrastack WTF!!!! how dare she see them !!!..... there out in 4 mins  in rchmond!!!! i use to live there !!!.. i can see teh Go_gl_
http://twitpic.com/6puzn - Make up done at the Smashbox counter. Nowhere to go tho. SMH 
&quot;Make sure you look at me befo you cross that street, ok?&quot; I'm gonna miss R2 
It seems for all the cleaning and organizing we keep doing that we aren't really getting anything done. Make 1 mess just to clean another 
Go to sleep alone tonight 
@keelay5 You're gonna be down here for my birthday?! Hold up.. 21+? 
@tuftedpuffin you are worrying me  Sending virtual ((((((HUGS!)))))) Hang in there!
@justmelody  Pour up for tha kid!
Cut into half my finger 
Start of a three day weekend and I feel shit still !! 
@thebrookester :O there's monsters under there! Be careful 
Morning. Start to study in 9. Bleh. ATW a whole day. 
hiding in the house, horrible rainy day. Bring back the sun 
Has just woken up to a very hyper dog!, Chasing it's own tail and running around barking... Bring on the headache! 
Start learning controlling! That's fun! 
 can't sleep. Have to be up at 6 in the am. Boo!  Go to sleep flor!!
@metavital It sounds you had some bad food which evoked a bad digestion  Stay away from junk foods and take some pills if it's necessary
Getting dinner stuffs ready for tonight, maybe a wee surprise too ;) Hubbys back for good today  looks like rain though  Roll on tonight
@AngelIbarra hey theres quite a queue here at manchester now. Hurry up guys we're all cold and wet  xx
Getting ready fpor the europride. Start to rain already 
is saddened by the weather!  Bring back the sun... please.....
@mywhit I'm here too  see ya in a few! Be careful!!!
@krzimmer I'm volunteering with the Tampa @gotri chapter this fall. They were full this past spring  Go girls!
End of lunchbreak. Go back to work 
@pirieface I wanna meal with you tonight!  oh oh, I'm away to the town maybe I will get a cake? Go for it, ur dad will be up for that eh?X
Go away rain  I have a bbq to go to later and you've well dampened my mood.
yo @KaNdEeBx CuM Lets Go........AsAp....i nEEd HeLp cOOkin All THiS Food n i AlSo Need A HUG.............    
ahh early morning sunshine through my window... going to be a crazy day. on the Go all day! 
Make it go away 
@NickSwisher Wish I could see today's game, we're blacked out here   Go Yanks!
@Archeia_Nessiah  Always backup at least weekly.
Looking forward to baseball today but it's raining  Go Gators!
I hate gettin' up early.  Headin' to the gym. Be back soon.
Keeps getting electric shocks from the tesco rails  it hurts stop it! Leave me alone u silly tesco shopping rails !
No more headache &amp; fever. Just cough a cold. Sign of getting better? I hope so 
Step five: be upset because all the washcloths are dirty and i have to use an ugly one 
Katkat's llama is feeling sick today...  Wandering around in her backyard. Go to katkat75's youtube channel to see a video our little  ...
Go back to home from baseball 2 games lost... 
I miss you.Stay by my side right now  boohoo!!!
Awaken by the wife so she could  nap.  Supposed to be working out, but have to wait until nap time   Keep thinking about my Biff . . .
@TheDamonic nobody! Make that your 1,999 friend! We are breaking up!!! 
@retrorewind I agree.  Buy a ding dang book and donate for goodness sake. @joeymcintyre I'm sorry 
@blackbarbie027 lol, yeah i understand SMH for you  Choose your battles wisely
@AliSmudge ugh no. Decided to take up piano instead. Add my new msn abbigale.bennett@hotmail.com. Other one was hacked 
Let's Go Pens! Gotta get some designs done today...not really looking forward to it, but it has to be done. Also gotta clean the house 
@SoWavY45 WHOMP! Stay hungry then 
..Throw my hair up no makeup and be ok I look like shit with orange hair gonna cry 
Just got back from the hospital. Cut my leg and had to get stitches. 
Just got back from the hospital. Cut my leg and had to get stitches. 
@suziedingwall Re: 6 wks. Put a term sheet on the table early, make sure on the same planet, avoid doing long due dil only to find out  ..
Go Jays Go!  @ the gm... not a v good 5th for Richmond 
@daewoowalker Bring me one (when you bring my imaginary pizza). Thanks 
Not til late fall  I'm so jealousss, ahh! Be safe and have the best time! I'll look you up when I get there ;) XX
@skellomingo Not til late fall  I'm so jealousss, ahh! Be safe and have the best time! I'll look you up when I get there ;) XX
@bcompton I am so sorry. Several friends have been through this. I know it can be devestating. Stay strong. 
@morriswm I did not know.  Put a twitter thingie on AMV, pweeze?
@AmySchlosser re: mgd 64- Go ahead and try it, but know that it only has 2.8% alcohol!! 
@the_apostate Make trifle.  That's what I do when I hate the cakes I bake.  We eat a lot of trifle in my house!!! 
@predschickidee If it wasn't in my current situation, I would go.  But my concert trips is &quot;On Hold&quot; until somebody hires me (I hope!  ).
@ahj I got to uni there, i am so gutted i am not going tonight now  Go see the first aiders, they will love you for it (seriously)
Atlanta wasn't a select city to get Away We Go 
waiting to get served........ go ana!  ;)   win the game... Go Lucia too!   want to see you guys but won't be able to go 
@DanielFielding Continue to ignore!! Stick head in sand!!! Poor u 
Jst got hme 2 a empty house  the sad thing is that I hve 5 mre days of this!! I miss my wfe an dghtr!! Hurry home angles!
Go Go Go Mexico. i hope they win. what a shame it would be to lose to those mean ppl  they treated them like crap!!! how rude.
@MichaelM_Live I cant get tickets to your show you LEGEND.  Add another date to Belfast pleaseee ?  I'm desperadoOo
It took me 15 minutes to get the courage to call the harp teacher, but his phone went right to voice mail.  Go figure. 
I still feel horrible even after getting on the antibiotics. So nice outside but stuck inside  At least hockey is on soon. Go Pens!!
@GHmltn dont think you'd be interested in makeup tutorials or pictures of eyeshadow, wtf is going on? Ignore me btw i'm feeling techy 
Watch the Belmont Stakes and lost. Try try again. 
Go wings! I'm watching in spirit as there is no tv at the olive garden. 
@MzShoppinBag LmFaO. Wait no LmFaO for you I'm still mad at you!!! Leave me alone 
@Toyki I'm sorry.  Be more careful, kays?
@RyanFingAwesome I'm having beer on my couch.  Buy me a draaaank?
Now Jump Up Let's Get Krazyyy!  In such a party mood. Too bad I'm grounded. 
JUST saw a trailer for &quot;Away We Go&quot; with 2 of my favorite comedic actors! i should've gone to see that tonight! 
@katiecupcake hmmm, still shows up as #12 for me  Perhaps I caught a cached version of Explore though. Congrats either way!!!
@Kirrily Bugger   Stay cool and calm... you'll get home in the next day or so.
Make that 22 innings without a run 
Relax time. i miss U9 
@Pennyfoamposite Be nice  i'm going to cry
@Go4Sid i've been stressing about where i'm going to buy vinyl 
@Cocoa_B Hahahahaha, whatchall do today?  Go to da sto?  Lol.  I kno niecy poo poo is so sooo tired!!  Awww niecy poo 
@neekbreek Bring out the bitch stick extra hard for me tonight on IWP. I won't be around to do my anti-Wings business. Waaaah 
Missing my mom @THEREALTWEET71  by the way follow her if u aren't already!!mommy where are u?? Pick up your phone LOL
Go away outside world! I'm not in bed yet so you shouldn't be waking up  *shoves pillow over head*
okay, ipod, time to do what you do best. Make it all better. 
@aurora5 Wow, you've had a rough time of it here lately.   Hang in there... (H-U-G!)
Horrible pains. Go away please 
I made a list of To-Buy things last night, and they mostly consisted of &quot;surely expensive&quot; beauty products.  I've been reading too many ..
@SugeWhite1015:  Awe    ...you hang in there things will be better! And whoever she is will be fine...Stay positive!!!
I don't feel good  Make me feel better please ?
@lyssaa noo! Lolol. Be tweetes that cause he's going to see the hangover with jayk and he said whatchu know bout that?! 
@supbro I had 128, but I knew that 192 was my top choice. It just wasn't always available.  Be nice, Joeyyyy.
@gazbeirne Well bully for you   Lend us a phone to computer connector thingie, will you? Go on, go on, go on. Go. On.
@Raven12 still headache?  is it very windy at your place? 'cause that' s when I usually end up having a headache. Make sure to drink loads
Fever Fever Go Away! Come again another day! Sneeezzzeee! Awwwww 
Go to vote fot the europeans voteeeee  But i don't feel me like an european so these votes r not importanttt 
7am came and went. I'm already running. It's really nice out people. Go for a jog or something. I'm stuck inside at work. 
Once again I can't sleep but I'm tired... Go figure! 
@xedays For all the idiots in the world, please. Make it a trending topic. 
@jackoolz awww  btw I hate young boys!!! Bring on the sugar daddies ;)
@brenflakes would love to, fecking work   Go on the Dubs-with-sticks!!
@cyphersushi  no, I'm afraid not.But! Go here: http://oxoniensis.livejournal.com/412558.html and there should still be some on offer!
Go federer! Only he can make me wake up at 6 on a sunday 
Getting Ready To Go To Work.... YAYAY 
@AnnaSaccone Me too, what a decision! Pay bills or be happy  Persevere and it will come together tho!
Election is going bad  Go and vote, what he hell is wrong with you?!
@LAliciaKeyz no one did! Lyfe doesn't even kno! Lol shuuuush! Be back tomorrow! But I'm mad I missed it tooo! 
@Saz_xox  Go away, person with lots more followers than me!   hahahha x
Go away wasps 
 ... Go orioles! .----------  ChillieFalls: Set up underway for todays
Go away stupid rain... 
have to go,, Make homework, 
Cut my leg shaving in the shower this morning, and it hurrrrts.  
Hang over  from three drinks? 
@jantallent I was picked up by a publisher, who turned out ot be a scammer. Put it on hold for now. 
i want to be at mml  stupid bloody revision. Roll on next monday, last exam woop!
Make that might go home tomorrow night. 
@nicolalalalala so you need a couple of willing volunteers to hold them for you maybe? Be dark by the time I get there though so I'm out 
@LisaShock Make me some, I'm hungry. 
And there is the hail...    Put your car inside if you can
I just killed my sim in a fire  Noooooooooo!!! I reet want pets on it!!!! Hurry up making expansionssssssssssssssss!!
Hang on - I thought the days are getting longer? That seemed like a bloody quick weekend to me! Lies, I tell you, lies! 'Mehday' tomorrow 
Hold on grandma 
Amazing weekend but sad to be home  Already missing the company... Roll on the 18th...
@hrhpod I need a Valium too. I'm traumatised. Put me right off my glass of rum cream, that did 
@missheathyrm It's taken, girl.  Go read my comment.
@maywny omg!! what happened dear? Stay strong, i hope u guys can work things out 
@terrellowens81 Go back to sleep...this game is not worth watching 
@LoveODT and u wood love it! Put aloe on it sweetie. I had a bad burn 2 wks ago too. Not it's just an ugly tan line 
The agony of indecision!  Start Q on night turnout now?  Or wait until after NEXT projected round of t-storms?  
Massive headache... Make it stop 
Wow I have a headace  I'm in chapter 8 of twilght though. Buy I think I'm going to go to bed
is talking to her daddy and waiting for her hubisan to come home. I hate late night shifts.  Hurry 'honey bunny'!
Sewing mojo not back yet. Put seam ripper to good use today 
@DestinyTrack42 Go Rhody! lol but he didnt graduate  negro left his sophomore year lol
Going to bed. Start back to work tomorrow 
@MerryWrites So, so sry 2 hear that...that's exactly wht happened 2 my father.  Hang in thr...your definately in my thoughts &amp; prayers.
@3pupsmom I feel your pain...Make sure your pet knows you love her...prayer to follow 
@shusta uh huh...it sucks.  Make sure you fb chat with me this summer though! What are your summer plans?
Make it all better when I'm feeling sad, Piece me back together when I'm falling apart... 
@girlygeekdom oh that's not a nice feeling  Be positive.. and go check cupboards and garages and boxes and stuff...
@tim_butcher I wish it was t-shirt weather here!!!  Bloody freezing!!! Bring back summer!!!
I am soooo sick of my hair  Why do I get this urge? Grow it for 2-3 yrs then feel compelled to shave it. http://ff.im/-3Zk3I
Why u sad? ----------  JUICYMOana:     Tip: Reply with
@iranelection It's now or never for the iranians! Be heard or be crushed! 
#iranelection It's now or never for the Iranians! Be heard or be crushed! 
@saydiemason but it mean i missed out on a lot cause it was on so early  #Go Team Carlisle follow @peterfacinelli
Woah I have a whole 13 followers! Go me! Lol my question is, why don't any of them talk to me 
@MCHammer: I'm scared of that power then  Go green!
@coastalaussie it's all part of the house moving experiment. Move everything from one house to another and lose it immediately 
@janellapua Awww! Make the most of your fourth year! 
@sarahfagan2 Awww i hate that  Make sure you take something x
@Sadandbeautiful Stay home, sweetie. I really don't want you all to get this. 
Ignore that last post - damned hacking website 
1 Down, 2 to Go!!!  can't wait for the weekend.
is going into town today. Start work tomorrow morning 
@robinsvegas lmao that's a popular website.  Hang in there girl. 
@heynadine Enter me into your #winfreewebcams.  I personally do not own one because of money troubles.  I have to you my digital camera 
Having bad day. No phone net, forgot netbook, problems at work &amp; can't find purse. Last time I had it was last thursday  Roll on tomorrow
@officialTila Go to bed!!! I sure wish I could of slept in 
Decide not to go to TedxShanghai after party, too busy and too tired...and importantly not a big fan of baby shark tanks 
Hear* - spelling not up to scratch atm, sorry 
@deelern Go to kopi bean without me 
@masarat  Go home then...take some rest...am sure u will be fine by tomorrow..
Wishes I was Getting Ready To Go To Wembley For @Jonasbrothers Concert  
spoke to H1N1 outbreak, either you die or attack aliens or dogs, whatever. Leave us humans alone. I'm down with flu again. 
Go on, all laugh it up at my expense, I'm sitting shaking trying to put my chips into a butty 
@mileycyrus aww  I feel the same way atm.. Although your probably like who the heck is this talking to u :L Buy anyway i admire u (:
Hurry up.... 
My food is still cooking!!  Hurry already!! LOL
@whatkilesaid maybe about what he really wants to do.  Make pasta 
Lunch coming up, going to have tuna. Push-up reps after that, then maybe crunches. Out of protein powder. 
@jmcewan @donniewahlberg You don't have to be nervous, nervous, they're gonna give ya full service, service! Minus Stay w/me baby! 
The things I have done since I have been home. Cut alot of grass , play alot of basketball , and miss someone so much 
Also, why do I feel like i'm in a Choose Your Own Adventure... where there are more choices than pages.. and the choices don't make sense 
Going to work. Start of another busy week  this is summer?
EcoNoSense: Leave the A/C runing @ home while on a vacation trip 
@anastaciakayray  can it be fixed? Go back!
@holikinss Babbyy I miss you and love you  Go on twitter mooore! lol x x x
@lionchild Go us 
Buy now, pay in 9 months with no interest is SO tempting. 
Make it go away... 
@Brawny2004  Hang in there, B.
Go check it out on her twitter page or partyontheinternet.com; I *would* buy stuff, but I'm broke. 
@shallowdeep I'm sorry. Hang in there.  
MAJORLY GROUNDED. I came clean and now I gotta face the consequences... Be back when I can 
@worldofnokia Really? Put me out of my misery and tell me I can't re-contract with a new handset 
This time tomorrow I will have already been on the open road for 2 hours! Eeeeeep! I'm scared  Hold me?
I'm tired of the constant fighting   Text me, we can chill. Go somewhere other than my casa.
Go figure now that I'm home I wish I was back in PHNOM PENH! 
@sargonas I'm sorry to hear that dude. Hang in there...  
@libraryeliza good job! Make @oldmanwinters use his twitter...he won't listen to me 
i just wanna let you know, i never gonna let you Go.  ..
Eat me allergies, I'm not gonna have anymore tissue by the end of the nite! 
I feel like finding a cave and hiding. I'm over it.  Make me happy?
Make exams be over 
@DonnieWahlberg Please make sure you sing Stay with me Baby at the Saratoga concert cause people say you haven't been singin it 
@wolfyhound I'm sorry hon...   Hang in there
My back is hurting so bad! Make the pain go away! 
@PavApple too bad they were on Eat Drink and be Wary for a horrible health inspection about a month ago. 
I'm too tired for Put Put 
Hurry up and answer me back foo! I'm totally confused 
@YuiYamana Make it go away 
Aw...I'm sorry.  Go with the curl up, but leave out the die, ok? 
@Go_Ask_Alice yeah, a little too quiet. I'm missing the noise 
I feel like shit. Like my entire life is a mistake.  i just want to disappear. Be invisable.
@ree_diculous me tooo!!!! Its the death of me... I always over eat it then get a sore tummy after. Always  but I can't help it ;p
Du mal a se lever  Go training!!
Stay home &gt;.&lt; It's rainy day  feel lonely 
@Aussie_Kozy gee are you only turning 21  im so old. Go Skirmish man, mates and i had the best time. Double that with go karting, your set
&quot;Operation Find Matching Socks&quot; -not going well 
Go Go Conference Call! Oh, no-one's answering. 
Oh jesus christ. BIGGEST mistake logging into facebook chat. Go awaaaay 
@biancaelen Bring it too school anyway! LOL! I doubt my apple pie is going to be great... 
@MideVodka  Hang in there buddie! dont let'em get thee
@CuteMonsterChik sleeping!! Leave me be! Lol then work then studying for my logic final 
Despite leaving more than an hours before my shift, i`m late. Bring on yet another written. 
@thexmedic Hurry up and get healthy! We miss you! 
Stay @ home today to Review  tomorrow, TANNING!!
@Change_for_Iran Leave? Oh no.  Stay safe. This is just terrible. So frightening.
Leave in a few minutes to have our last guitar lesson  Why does time pass so quickly???
As much as I would like to stay and play on twitter, I still have work to do  Be back in a bit!
I cant wait for FOOTABLL season!!!!!!! Go GIANTS baby!!!! I wish my boo plaxico was going to be there 
@sunnyryder I'm looking at your fb pictures now. I will comment soon. Connection's been on and off all day!  Go nicely.
I want to see Away We Go so much and its not playing within 50 miles  this is the kind of thing that drives me to download!
@EliseInChicago This|close to confirming return to 2nd hometown, but likely in Aug.  Go ahead, and I'll catch up on all missed beers then.
did you miss it? We did...  We're making it up now, big efforts to promote this issue underway! Stay tuned: http://tinyurl.com/l4bvkr
is worried sick for E. Go home soon, boy 
Pay day! Not like I can do anything with it. I hate &quot;penny-pinching&quot;. 
@thebeanboy23 Turn you phone on i have an hour break  x
@MrNepathy  I don't know what to say except that I will keep her in my thoughts and hope it is nothing serious. Hang in there.
Cut my foot trying to spring clean 
@LeighFrancis Make more Celebrity Juice I miss it 
@JTShea  Turn the internetz back on! 
@EJXD2 Reuben SOUP!? How does that work?! And whyyyy is the car not legit  Make it legit!  I didn't get wings today, maybe next tuesday!
@Saphaa I miss you a billion  I need to pass that grading tomorrow.. Make me the lucky one!! #squarespace
ReAdY tO gEt OuTa HeRe, OnlY 7 mOrE hOuRs To Go 
Getting a new computer today, Supernormal Step Page will be late 
Make it count, eh????? This is what my dog is tweeting  yes, his paws on keyboard!)   fjknhfdkmcvfdjnmjdijkmknn azslcvfd x.l;,vo
Tears.  Go away.
Stay gold ponyboy. Aww its so sad. 
Does not like severe thunderstorms... Go away! 
is getting my hair did for 3 hours, missing the Cards game.    Go Waino!
@Swirl305 Know my agency wont let me 
@KulpreetSingh I keep forgetting about 2012. I'll won't be able to afford a Hybrid Tahoe by then  Go for 08 - depreciation &amp; all that..
Buy it this mornin  anywys agh this day passed on so quickly! I barely noticed the time! I hate wen it goes way quickly..u can't state an
I know I shouldn't have drank that cup of orange juice just now, but I couldn't help it. Bring on the heartburn 
I changed a tire.  Go me.  I really, really hate cars, driving, and everything associated with cars.  I want a decent bus system 
Want a new dressing?Try the &quot;Fig &amp; Port Vinaigrette&quot; from @figgirl (on @foodzie: http://bit.ly/hetjI) Amazing flavors. Bottle almost gone 
@FollowActive fine then  ...LoL. Go sEe iT
Migraine bad. Go away pain 
Indians lost  every game I leave early, they win. Leave at the end and they loose ;(
@fitprosarah Go with classics after u get bike stuff done! U want classics, go 4 it! I wanted classics but out of my size 
Step 1: Acknowledge that the room needs cleaning. Check. Step 2: Begin cleaning. Check. Step 3: Don't get distracted by facebook. FAIL. 
Go to school now. PE again 
@oliviaturbo at whom is this bitchiness directed? Be sweet, we won't see you for a month 
Trying to cram a quarter's worth of criminal law into my head before noon tomorrow  stupid closed outline exam! Go go gadget brainpower!
@TimmylovesPaige i miss you soo much.   im lost without your texts. Hurry back.
Wrap it all up, give it a rest, and call it a day. - freakin' emotions are dead tired.. 
Sign you've been #exergaming too much? The pedal breaks.  http://twitpic.com/7lpdq
Stay in camp and hang out with people that are more perverted than me 
@davgainz  But my stomache hurts . . lol Put it in a thermos 
Go fuck yourself, seriously. Leave me alone.  Stop destroying any slight bit of happiness you see because you have problems 
I wanna see Away We Go  But i'm still slashing that fucker's tires, specially cause he lives here.
@ashadihopper Go to the Irish Village, next to gate 123 and have a beer for me  *sniff*
Cut my finger while cooking soup... owch! 
@davidmerin Hang in there. 
@katernz Aww no  I got two bonus tickets for next week hehe! Bring on the 30mil!
I Want to Go on Holiday 
@Clivenh now you tell me will have hundreds soon  Hang on a min will have to move the bikes, unused jogging machine and flymo for chairs
Listening to diddy when he was puffy. Bad boys for life. Hold up is this a remix? Some dude is talking over the whole track grrrr rappers 
OK...now I'm tired...and the house is waking up!  Go figure 
Stay away from the mass pike  http://twitpic.com/7m4rz 
Eat too much today 
Cut my leg shaving and it won't stop bleeding 
Go away 'Horny Hottie' u keep leadin me into a false sense of security thinkin I hav more friends 
Cut myself first 
@PollyBlogs Oh your poor Mum  Send her my love. Thumbs are each worth two fingers, so she still has it where it counts.
@mark32i5b think I posted enough letters for everyone! Roll on 6pm so I can get new software, cept will be more luke 10 when I finish 
@Animal  ErinKennedy was taken. Go figure they have only have 2 followers.  
Go away RAIN! 
was severely confused by the stupid wording on that exam :@ Bring on the retake 
@missal You should!!!! I can't go.  Go for me.
Go figure - rain again..... I think the sun hates us!   
i just saw an advert for Enter Shikaris new album. it made me happy although it just reminded me mine isn't here yet 
Aaaaaaand I'm still in bed. Bring me food someone. 
is not liking the rain!  Bring back the sunshine!
I am an idiot. I bought tickets for the wrong day. Go me. 
I thought I said &quot;Go away&quot;...  why are you still here, Thoughts?  
@littlefishey Sign of bravery initiation me thinks 
@dragynfire  I wish you were feeling better. Hang in there. Things will improve
I'm off to work  Hurry up weekend!
Aaaaaaaa! so hyper on Kick! been running around the theatre all evening without a break   I neeeeed to calm down... but I can't!! xxxxxxxx
Nothing says &quot;Go to sleep&quot; like trying to brush a fly off your desktop using your mouse... 
Nothing says &quot;Go to sleep&quot; like trying to brush a fly off your desktop using your mouse... 
@SueScanlon Of course it breaks after we drop $$ on K's plane ticket to Hawaii. Go figure. 
Stay-at-home-mom here needs a stay-at-home job 
@AtomicKelli ACK! no. I had errands that kept poppin up yesterday. I called the salon, but never left a message  Be there tomorrow?
@CNsbtt Be careful, hunny! Watch out for the tornado 
@mom2nji oh gosh  I hope he's alright. Stay calm mommy!
@lbarbely Isn't that the way it always happens? Spend money...have to spend some more 
Boringly   Write to me!!!
We r putting together &quot;big boy&quot; bed for 2yo-a Step 2 captains bed w/space underneath for storage or kids to crawl in &amp; play-byebye crib 
@MillieYuuup this makes me upset   But yey on the job front.  @ddlovato found the new single, it's amazing. Be proud.
@antheia 1280x800.......and I don't think I've stopped being enamored of Hossa yet   Leave me alone, I can remember him this way!
I wish I could survive a Japanese gameshow  Put me on the show, please.
@livenoutlouder I'm sorry  Put LVTT in, sit back, and relax. ALways helps me!
3.0 is downloaded. Install time but I want to wait for the  Jailbreak.. 
Maintenance extended  Hang on peeps!
stepping away from the computer...need to take a shower-I still smell of gasoline.  Be back in a bit.
*(Insert witty phrase here)* I've lost my spunk tonight 
@jennxisxrad @itsgonnabeme I can't see what that is from my phone.  Fill me in!!!
@songzyuuup dang ongz u left us hanging today..I know u grinding..hopefully I can get a refill 2morrow. Be easy..Be Blessed 
Holy shit! There's a truck flipped over across the road from cub on 65! Start praying, 
@themightyfinger Ah, you &amp; KC weren't back yet when I made nasi lemak  Go MAMAK!!
I can't spell breakfast. Leave me alone 
I'm so missing my other half..I know I'm a handful and I love him for putting up with me. Hurry home @BlackSoap247 the Jacqster miss u 
Bad beat #1, de Spits (newspaper) announces with frontpage headline: downloading of illegal content is becoming prohibited  Go GroenLinks
I love the Lets Make A Mess tour, too bad there arent anymore close shows. 
This is the day I've been waiting for. Go big or go home. 
I really want to lose weight so much!!!!!  Go Hyeyoung! 15kg!
Tip of the day: Lift with your knees and warm up properly before lifting weights. 
@missgreens Start work 2moz at toys r us doncaster lol, should be good. Stressing over next event ? 
iPhone 3.0 installed. Cut &amp; paste is a treat. iStore won't let me upgrade apps. Have accepted new terms 5 times, but it keeps asking 
another rainy day in PA...Go figure...no summer yet 
says you're my only grandaunty left. Hang in there,kay. We're praying for you.  http://plurk.com/p/11wl0j
@xmollieannx Make me some coffee 
@cancerscore that sux, big time   I hope things start looking up for you from here.  Hang in there !
Cut my chin shaving 
@tdatni99a I had applejacks this morning.. Go with the jacks.. lol... {Or maybe I am just saying that cause I wish I had some pancakes} 
@BenJoBubble hello mate. Can u do me a favor? Throw a brick at the tweed deck ppl &amp; and tell em to fix mine. I have to phone tweet 
@KynichiBar they said its supposed to Pour alllll weekend  I'm going back to cancun!!
@katiefotis That reminds me ... I have a blazer to sell, never worn. Become a film producer! Then tell me how ... TV is not so glam 
@rawismojo Aww  Be less of a font geek then.  Deal with the preinstalled ones!
Go figure, my first real day of summer and I'm sick 
@xx_Megan_xx Aww that sucks  Eat some more fruit or is that making you feel sick too? Drink lots of water!
@BetsySharp NOT Decatur General. Stay FAR away. To be honest, I'm no help, cause I just don't trust any of them anymore  Sending prayers
@Stay__Beautiful I wanna see the seals too 
@NicolaJ88 not brilliantly  feel really down now. Put on the half a pound I've been putting on then losing for the last few weeks
oi vey,  another wicket down...   Go Proteas!!!  #T20
@bobtheostrich Italian football team is too old.   I dunno. Go Gattuso!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Aww u know i miss my girl @nikkikikicoco  and f course i miss @DonnieWahlberg .....Roll on the nxt tour already!!!!!!x
@Aramirez530 lol! 11 clock .... Might be too late ...  call ur mistress @joyholiday! Hahahahah! Make sure she takes her shit off audio!
I Buy a pack of dvd recorders and yet not one of them works in the dvd player 
@VasiVallis Bastardo..  Make partying with me a project, so you'll be working too!
Pick the wrong time to head to jersey  extra exxtrra traffic!! But I'm using my time wisely working out my vocals nd thinkin of a new song
Go to the creek and go to church...haven't gotten to see much of the creek this year though 
@copydeskcat ~ bad writing follows the bad grammar.  Be is not conjugated as I be, We be, They be ~ the kids use that all the time! 
@grue So sorry to hear Picasso is still bleeding.     Be better soon.
Home sick today  throat is sooooooo sore.. Go away fluey tonsilitis!
@EllenFans I wish I could go!!!! Never been on a cruise but there is no way we can afford it.   Play a hand of poker for me...sniff sniff
@ryankiros Go figure, you'll be back in the mitten the day after I leave on vacations. i don't like missing you so much!!! 
My erupting wisdom teeth are hurty.    Go back in, teeth!  I don't need you!
Step 4 connect over WIFI.... success!! unfortunately now it will take all night to copy over my files.   what a lovely evening.
Upgrade 3g-&gt;3GS,  Rogers customers $500 rebate; Fido customers... Use your fido dollars ($64)   
I had originally double-booked plans tonight... now neither are happening. Go figure. 
Leave in 4 hours 
Go cubs go! @AllySpear  no fur coat pics
@mileycyrus Go to bed? Hm, goodnight moon, goodnight miley, good morning me.  cry.
As one person enters your life (again), another leaves. Stay, Hebron?  
Today's plan: 12-4 Go to work, try to get Gloomy's pic for @nenetcurry, have lunch, go home; 4 and above I'm free &amp; don't know what to do 
Keep me in the loop! Thought I would work on THIS week's assignments tonight. Finished working on Flickr and Slide...no audio there. 
@UnderoathBand Nighty night! Make my day better by tweeting more later please 
She's diabetic.  Leave her alone
Fat wienner dog miniature. Use to adults not well with kids and needs a home. We took him in but he is not doing well with kids 
@HerInteractive where are the trailers for Secrets Can Kill and Stay Tuned For Danger? 
So sad that I didn't buy Make Magazine's 2nd year boxed set when I had the chance. Now it's sold out. 
Go away headache 
Seriously, someone text me. I'm bored  Go back a few updates for my number.
only had few hours of sleep  Kick comfirm got kick!
@unequalized Haha whenever you want! Pick a night? I got kicked out of iheartcinema though so I can't get download links anymore 
Go to hell CH6, I'm going to bed! 
What's worse is everything tastes bland.  I need to recover! I hate this dry and embarrassing cough! Go away!
Ready 2 Go! But, I don't want to 
Start the day with a cancellation...I feel it could be the day for them! 
...and i'm listening to Enter Shiitake again 
@Lissey710 its pretty impressive that you've made it this far with out a loan!!! Be proud of that... I'm still paying off my loan 
http://twitpic.com/7sj3p - Cut ma hair. But im nt happy wit it. 
@MDTimD futons are great but they break  Opt for a bed and a chair
I hate being in da club seein a fly ass man &amp; when I wanna bump &amp; grind I see he has 2 left feet lol &amp; no moves at all! Go Head!  Sowwy...
@JulezRulez  today is not your day... Stay strong my friend! 
Been told by FOG lawyers to take F1 out of icon for Go Go Go! The F1 iPhone app 
@brittabritt  You can make it. Hang in there.
@papayasf Hang in there...I will call you later... 
At closing ceremony for Be Wise. I hate that It's over. 
http://twitpic.com/7t6op - Hear that? That's the sound of me crying! #deepzoom that was a publish to deepzoompix  #fail
Whats hurts the most... I love this song and the video of Jemi , Make me crying  t.t
Finished playing mechanic.  Put 6 brand new tires on 2 cars and installed a new bat.  All cars are up and running...  just need gas 
@Soundwave2009 Go back to sleep! -_- zzzzz Getting ready for work 
Prepare for tomrw meeting with ibm 
@UhHuhHerMusic I hope you'll post some pics of the show in Portland...for those of us who couldn't be there!    Go on girls, you're great!
@ohMels Go To The Youtube Account And Try And Upload A Picture. I Tried But It Wouldnt Work 
@nay_nay84 not going anywhere for awhile? Grab a snickers. 
Make up your minds people 
@seanGT95 We can't make it -- have tons of video editing to do.  You guys have fun, though! Put up a video and some photos!
Awwh  you see his wee face Drop when everyones boo-ing him :'( poor wee 18 year old fs! He was good! 
@PaulaJAfan4evax Aw thanks. 4 more weeks!? And I thought I had it bad  Hang in there, hun!
@keisha_buchanan Awww  Go to bed silly billy lol!xx
@mot2289 Bring on the frozen sweetcorn... we both remain a pair of lobsters 
@Vegaswinechick I know  on the movie deck is Step Brothers.
@smosh Its worth a try although its fucking disgusting lol Easy Step deserves to be a trending topic. I want one 
@malpertuis WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANT! Make the festival be here 
@VaSouthernBell  Stay strong, sweetie.
Go kart people are mean  they kept hitting me and one old guy gave me the middle finger. 
neither of the movies my mom wanted to see for her birthday are playing in naperville WTF? the woody allen flick and Away We Go. DirectTV 
You know you have been around your kids way to much when you are in the shower..having mommy free time and you are singing Go Diego Go! 
Leave me alone ... I hate being here i want the fuck out ... 
@jacque_dixon I agree. Hear scripture all day, then suddenly this 
Turn right - such a sad song 
Night all. Start the 2-day journey home tomorrow. 
@1vs100XboxLive Bring @majornelson back! I missed the night he was on 
Bleh, found another rogue security website. Stay away from: antivirus-live-pro.com.  Nothing but badness there. 
@dancer_skittlez What Did Yhu Go See.? I Want To Go To Dhe Moviess.!  Yhu Didnt Even Invite Me To Go Wif Yhu.! Bestieee Lols.
@kimberlaaaay  It's okay Kimberlay. Go run around to get rid of your sadness of the failed movie night.
@thumbelina258 oh sweetie I'm so sorry  Ignore the haters
I have been listening to show tunes for the past week and now I can't stop singing them.  Depressing. Put a window in today!
@timstarockz When you get a chance tomorrow and when I have a chance, can you help with Push notifications? I cant get them to work still 
Long time never eat instant noodles already . Make me feel so kelian. 
@itsdarryldsmith noooo! Leave public jersey wearing to the kids! 
So i took a shower a then looked down at my foot and my ankle was bleeding. Turn out i poped a blister. 
My Besties 16th Party Toonight. Iht's Goiing ToO Be Wicked.. Buht ICant Even Go. 
's girlfriend broke up with him. Bring on the detachment tests. 
@wolfcraaft you're the only twitter friend I have online right now... And I need snuggles. I'm tired and have tummy pains  ... Hold me!
@jkgirl73 Go to sleep then   Im not going to sleep but will log out . Night girl
I used to think the cry of the mourning dove belonged to the owl.  Be quiet, birds.  I am tired. 
Leave @ 31o get home @ 43o 
Start packing 
I really want to see Make it or break it! But i guess it won't me brodcasted in sweden 
I Am At WoRk An WaNt To Go HoMe!!!! ThIs Is No FuN   
Cut my finger open on a pack of iboprofen - the irony 
Feeling just a tad shit  Go away cold/sore throat!
Wish I could go lend my support and generally celebrate at N'ville Pride today...gotta work  Sending out a big &quot;Ya'll Go!&quot;
@dheerajchand Not a good idea to predict such things.  Stay strong ...
@Stylish_Living Thanks for the FF. Beautiful today &amp; I'm not feeling well. Go fiqure   The offer of help still stands, just let me know.
@fiscalgeek Be careful - iPhone is like a gateway drug.  Buy one and soon you'll want a mac too 
I wish my cat had the words &quot;Dig Spot&quot; hovering over her head when she's clawing the rug.  
I miss @jchdz005! Hurry home babe 
Trip number 5164 to Ikea completed, still haven't got everything we need. Visit number 5165 coming soon no doubt 
@tinacochina Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut! Hahaha just kidding. My siblings take forever fixing themselves in front of the mirror in the restroom.  
Go go go...need a lil break  need more tic tocs today
Getting Ready To Go To San Jose State To Take The WST.  wish me luck.
@your_it I saw you! I was on a customer request and by the time I came back you were gone!  Buy anything nice??
@decentmelody So glad to hear that! Can't find Away We Go in any theatre close by tho  Year One is next on our list too!
@singsinthecar Buy one on Pay-as-you-Go and unlock it!  It's easy 
Ill  Thinking Let's Go Camping!! (: Summer 2009 Babyy!! &lt;3 (:
@mac_feisty aw don;t go  Go look at my twitpics next time you're here, i've posted photies!!!
@MichelleDewbs Join the club, my saturday night sucks too  Go team saturday club! lol
Canadian Embassy now ACCEPTING injured http://is.gd/17Ged UNCON: Go in lg groups. Basij blocking route http://quaalude.proboards.com   QC
I want to scream. Fill the silence. Or at least know what I've done to create it 
- I Just Want This Cold To Go... 
Sunshineee!!!! I NEED to Get Back To EL SALVADOR ASAP. 
In ma own house now  BORED ! w8in oan the xbox - steve is playing  Be oan at 2 ! yass COD 4 n the usual party !
Make the aching and exhaustion go away 
@SinCtySocialite Always welcome. We shld def keep in touch~got dicked by developer  but when SCA.com site is up, p'haps gd 2 collaborate?
Cut my toe pretty badly, on what I don't know.  Gauzed and taped. 
Having dis huge headache after i woke up dis morning  but thanks 2 linkin park 4 their 'new divine', that cheered me up! Go LP!
@King_Cut I may go out dancing with my girls but this rain is killin my mood 
@aainapasricha Hurry!!!! I haven't see u in forever..and this will b our last day together for until I get back and the you're leaving  
Homeward Bound.  Away We Go was sold out 
1130. Hurry up. 
Yay! Gym over and done with, just in time to.... Start getting ready for work.  Sigh.
Relax till tom... But then laundry is on 
@jenncrowell Aww  Hang on in there!
Make a mess is almost over  but it's cool everyone was amazing!
@RyanXzavier u know I think I'm superwoman... Stay up all nite then do 2 shows the next day... @donnyroc ain't havin it lol 
I'm dreaming of weird stuff every night for the past 2 weeks. Make me so sleepy even when I slept for 10 hours 
@cathynose: HIDE!!!! Be safe!!! 
@HesRumble @HesFrenzy OOC: Nuuuuuu! Be coming for back! 
My ear is agony! Make it stop hurting! 
Leave it to crazy bitches to ruin your night. 
Finally did my hair!  Anyways, today's another day! Have to finish up my art project or I'll fail the exam by the end of the year!  Go!
@SandiNJ  *Hug* I hope/pray everything will be okay or something will be figured out to help him. Hang in there.
@californiaboyz Hear you!  Hand-sewed my 3yo's baseball blanket...2 months later he won't sleep in his bed because it's not a pirate bed 
Stay unique everyone. It seems like it's hard for some of you to express themselves, that's a shame  be you!
Make that 11:00 - @FNATIC hero @fnatickboy has reported further delays 
@Beverleyknight Soory to hear about your friend  . Hang in there deary.
Make homework 
Wishes He Was Able To Make A Decision 
Still Waiting For Dad .. I Expect Him To Buy Me Fatty Treats To Make Me Feel Better 
Just went on a bike ride and fell off... Cut my leg open 
Make the rain stop! I want a sunny summer 
My sleeping schedule is fucked.  Stay up until 7am is not good. ha
Make this hangover stop 
Stay at home 4 days almost become stupid. 
Is Sitting Bored Rele Wana Go Out 
i think I have a stomach virus. Make it stop 
5laaaa9 '3am'9at 3yo0ony -_- i want the nearest pillow 2 sleeeeeeep  so0o0o0oo0o0o...!!! Go0o0o0o0od night ALL ;-0
@blastbeatfest I wish I was going, proper love Go:Audio &lt;3 
@malzadoll  I'm sorry.   Move here? I know it's always my suggestion, and i'm not sure how much it helps.. but... move here?
Household items to be used in a sink or float experiment. Go...I'm tired. 
Start another long week...Yay for weekends...wait its not here yet 
@katyperry I just read on myspace you have the flu.  I'm so sorry girl. I'm saying a prayer for you. Eat some soup, and get some rest!
Roll-ups now with 40% less sugar - I have to eat 66% more for the same buzz 
Graduation is depressing.  I'll miss the  class of 09 so much! Lol. I'll  get over it... Lol. Go 2011! Lol.
@yonahana I'm sorry to hear  Be safe
@odotallen Make my banner please 
@meganctf cameron wouldn't come into the lake with me  send me a postcard! Make it hot, with like a fat guy in a thong or something
Go ahead @mileycyrus, post your version on youtube, I want to see how you skew it   http://bit.ly/qJi4P
@Lowers_ I know. It's always too bloody far away  Roll on sleeveless Kings in the sun woo!
Why doesn't the &quot;Sign Out&quot; link on the Connect site actually sign me out?! Why have I collected too many different Live ID's! 
Throw new munchkinNotWellException();  
@akvanec Bring me a piece (of cake)! I didn't get any scraps athome! 
@morose Make sure you got some time on hand B4 you upgrade. It took my touch almost 2hrs for that. 
Eleven hour shift to look forward to tmoro. Start at 7am. This is what i call bad times 
Our lunchbox prize winner was disqualified!  Be caller nine to win it now!
Recycle, Recycle, Recycle!!! We can only abuse mother Earth for so long and I'm sweating bullets in this heat 
Rather bored nout good on tv  may aswell just stay on here.... Go 2 school 2nd lesson 2moro mint miss pe, too hot here to do it anyways :p
@BrennAstotle     oops!...Go jump in the pool....BTW..cant wash clothes either 
Going outside to mow the grass   Be back later!
bummer for any business traveller.  Pay and don't play anymore  http://bit.ly/dOOYp
@honeyjojames :hugs you more: You can, um. Use mine? I'm sorry darlin 
Roll the credits 
I have stomach ache... Auuuch  myb i'll go to hospital,im really scared.. Make me happy guys(please),i love u
@FoneArena i don't like cold lamination. Its kindda brickin d screen...  Suggest some site where i can buy N96 Crystal Cover..
@chelseaa It's gonna happen... Prepare yourself for it. 
And by &quot;Go Go White Sox,&quot; I mean &quot;Not going to go to the game.&quot; 
Farewell, Bowen.  Go Spurs Go
@andiandrew oh how I miss yum cha!! Eat some extra for me 
... Make that later today 
@billbeckett Hold the watermelon. I'm allergic to watermelon.  Teach me to play Scrabble? :o
I am lonely tomorrow.  What do I do? Go to the museum? Sleep in? Hmm....
Goin 2 ielts class now!need 2 study hard then this Sep i can take an exam! Try try try .....sigh 
Go back to the gym after a month and parts of you will pain that you never thought existed 
Wiggle and Learn? hmm... does anyone remember back when the wiggles used to be good? 
@budnerk ... Pick one that talks to me!!!! I'm lonely! I don't have anyone to drink my orange juice with in the morning! 
Urrg im getting really sick  So im sleeepin  Leave me one for when I wake up? It'll prolly make my morning :] Thanks, ilysm night&lt;333  ...
@Simply_MzCriz24 Turn that frown  upside down 
http://twitpic.com/8ctp1 I miss you, too, Shobilitaa!  Hang soon, pleasee!
Never ever!! Eat an ice cream sandwich out of a vending machine. 
@donniemacfad i don't think it's raining here.  LOL Go walk to school pretending to be emo in the rain. )
Cut my finger peeling potato's. 
iPhone 3Gs 16 Go Noir en rupture partout... 
@cassandra2603 Go home tomorrow night. Totally gutting 
Using MSDevStudio, RMB-&gt;&quot;Go to Declaration&quot; on Menu::CEntry::~CEntry in Menu.h jumps too SaveData::CEntry::~CEntry in SaveData.cpp!  #fail
Feels terrible about just nuking Stay Puft. 
@theoreticalgurl Awww  Make sure you take lots of photos, if you can  have fun! x
going to work this afternoon but wishing i was at glasto  Bring on leeds festival
I've got &quot;Where'd You Go&quot; by Fort Minor stuck in my head...makes me wanna cry 
SOAP Headers in WorkItemChanged Event. Make sure it is right 
Cut by tongue- bleedy ewwy 
Cut my tongue- bleedy ewwy 
Make that 3 
Why sometimes people not grateful with their life?Include me  http://myloc.me/5A4j
I think I may have infected myself again  Lesson number one: Throw out toothbrush!
I'm getting tired of this.  Make me happy...
iPhone twitter clients and Push http://jerakeen.org/notes/2009/06/125128358/ not in the near future 
This sickness is annoying. Go away already. 
@211me When I try and click, Enter to Win, it was saying technical error, now it won't load 
Wtf's the holdup Waterstones online? Bring me my books ! 
Spilled coffee on the laptop yesterday... Enter key now has a mind of its own 
@nicole_jordan Break a leg!!!!! Wish i could be there  Bring it to the UK
Wow, Farrah Fawcet's in her final stages of anal cancer, she only has a few hours left. How sad  Live ur life ppl! Make each moment count!
@amedelrivero Start putting up $100 every paycheck! We have to prepare ourselves for the future -_-. ONLY $300 is what i'm getting 
@peterfacinelli I just went to sign up for the chair back and the &quot;Enter to Win&quot; link is not working 
going to attempt to Fill all the safe cig orders today and mail them.....sucks being sick 
@lisabulous  I don't want to hear excuses. It's set for 6-8 but I doubt there'll be an exodus right at 8. I'll stick around. Be there!
@iamdiddy I hate it too, but I just got back from the trainer. Go! 
@coryBasil Hurry up and be the first person to publish a book of twitters! 
SHAZZAM - Vivvid is 78!  Go Wemb 
Just published a new post on my blog, 15 Neat Print and Use Freebies http://twurl.nl/w1kpvd  
Just published a new post on my blog, 15 Neat Print and Use Freebies http://twurl.nl/w1kpvd   (via @dezignMusings)
@kworkman now that wifey works in a wine shop, I must know what my friends are drinking. Make with the details plz 
It's world health day! Help make hospitals safe. Go to http://www.clickabrick.org/ (via @addthis) and CLICK A BRICK 
www.twitter.com/Go0seEgg .. add our baby!!! 
@tonebeep sooo crazy that its ur middle of the day and I'm bout to go to sleep!..haha hope all is well! Buy any new kicks?!..lol  hollleer
@s_constantine Move a bit south for some sun rays 
Just getting ready for work oh joy is me! Roll on holiday 
Friboourg Liipers: Stay at home, there's no more space in zurich 
@adrielhampton How about &quot;Be my friend?&quot; 
Working Out How To Use This 
Here's my latest tune - http://soundcloud.com/jay-f/jay-f-untitled-as-of-now Leave a comment please 
Is in the process of making her life a whooole lot better  Go Future Planning!
@twinkleboi Stay calm. I'm sure he is more afraid of you, compared to you of him. Put yourself in his shoes  He's not gonna hurt you 
Wishing everyone would keep it simple! Makes life more fun people. Start your day with a smile 
@miafreedman This looks an awful lot like a gauntlet being thrown...love it!  Bring it on EB biyatches!
@BeeRealty The Merry-Go-Round spins faster &amp; I sleep less; as time goes by 
@MrsZee Go you 
@stephenfry Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam, Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home...  Have a nice day wandering!
@legallove Yay! Bring your dancing shoes - it's all gone hardcore dancefloor hear  XXX
@iTweetPRN Put a apple trial#2 in the freezer first thing this morning 
@justinlevy They forgot a very important item with the grill. Make sure that the place you put your beer while grilling is still safe. 
@DonnieWahlberg p.s. Go to joythe movie.com --it's really nice 
@giblahoj ---- I hope u understand what do I mean. P.S. your smile looks fantastic. Be confident. 
@stevenbristol how things so far ? You like Indian food ? or you the scardy types  Go have a masala dosa for breakfast.
good point, well I have a solution for you......Move to AZ  I miss that little munchkin
@missanimelvr so please explain it to me. I want to know. Make it make sense Mimi 
Ready...Set...Go!!! 
@castingoutloud Ya, I got the FTF spam this morning. Make sure that you have your own forum software up to date and be on alert. 
I so lookin 4ward 2 the 24th! Thanks um! Wohoo! .... Go wash ur cock 
Roll on sunday.. im going to eat my body wait in chocolate!! 
Thanks @shanegibson for the round of shots  We're still going strong at @doolins Go Canucks!!!
@jdavidclarke that's what twitter is for....it's like your personal problem ticket system   Go habs! (just kidding)
finally found out how to put a pic on here...lol..Go iiSH, Go iiSH 
Okay. . this is Addictive!! I'm getting off! Must.... Stay.... Off!!! lol See ya! 
@kayyt I'm so excited!   Be there everyone!
@wattsupman we are all friends though   You gotta cheer for the only Canadian team on the East side Go Habs Go! #habs
@Adamxtreme the person who can make it good is you. Go out and do something fun! 
@onthelevel   But just as some are colorblind...we have to be patient with those who do not see as we do. (Be gentle on my preso! ;-)
Headed to the land of orange &amp; blue for a little bit of football today  Go gators!
Off to my baseball game...Go Indians 
@msv247 Stay your behind (a very nice one, at that) inside.  I'll enjoy it enough for us both since I'm such a great friend.   
@JerrieGurl good mornin hot cakes  i is feelin good yo, rockin day 3 sober. Write write write today!! holla atch ya boi
I love Green things   Go MIT students. http://bit.ly/qFXO4
Freebie: Get healthy with free &quot;The Biggest Loser&quot; Protein 2 Go: http://short.to/1cp2 Follow me for your Twitter freebies! 
@rapturei crowdSPIRNG is not for everyone, but evil? I don't think quite, so...  Hang in there...
now has the name &quot;Ayla Jenkins&quot; on WoW   Go Leeeeeeeeeeeeeroy!!! =D
@flimgeeks Hang on, will find the story again - tho I get irritated every time I see it 
@ChrisMillerJr  Make your laptop into an alarm clock so you won't be strange anymore. 
@TeLisaD: Be happy. Sleep is for the very, very weak. You will be fine. Don't worry about your voice or feeling mute. Use sign language 
Thanks to all the people that added me. Keep Rockin in the FREE world.... Stop getting loans from the Communist world. Tip o the day 
http://www.dailypuppy.com/ Put a smile on your face. 
@RogersDavid   pain's a warning signal for sure ... whether in the body ... or in the mind.  Pay attention ... see what's happening!
@sheltren Go postal? 
My Day Off, Going To Go Buy A RedBull 
&quot;Join the millions of customers who have switched to T-Mobile from other national carriers and save an average of $28 per month!&quot; 
Eat, rollerblade at the skate park, return stuff at ulta... maybe a little practice of the flute in there... 
What's up to all of my new followers! Don't forget to say hi! Go check out @Joulzil 's page &amp; follow him too. I'm his producer 
@milliongaymarch : I only know &quot;teabagging&quot; in reference to the &quot;Step Brothers&quot; movie. So I am probably in the dark on both counts! 
Decide to change for the better! A whole new me 
Leaving. Be back in a few hours 
@feliciaday Go Skype.  Flight attendants use it quite a bit- so should you 
Listening to leighton meester... I cant wait for her cd! Go look up her song &quot;birthday.&quot; i love it. 
@THE JessicaLu Go 2 the nearest Denny's! Free meal 4 Your Birthday  !
@TakePaws I absolutely couldn't agree with you more! LOL Bring it on 
Make sure you guys go to www.datpiff.com &amp; check out the illest mixtape out in Jersey. @PiffOnWax 
@supermac18 Go write messages on peoples doorsteps. 
oh one more thing. at work today some guy told his son to &quot;Hang Tough&quot; it made me smile 
Go to se-ed find some book 
Add me up on fb peepz! waldenmagic@gmail.com! Say your from twitter so I know who is who!  #asot400
@deeca Hear I am 
@ann_aguirre @VictoriaDahl Always a pleasure! 
@frontofmonitor The #BostonGlobe's RSS feeds are here on http://boston.com: http://bit.ly/zOFxD | Why link to @Alltop? Go to the source! 
@JoshuaWaldorf Go and talk to Lindsay. 
@avalos09 we can bring a blanket and just lay in the park.. and look at the fountain and this and that.  Go to the other park too 
@transltr Yes absolutely. Sooner than later. Stay tuned 
@nelmotzyesq I love your entries and exits!! Make me laugh every time! 
@Rickjameswife some torture bands? That rocks! Use em on rick when he smuggles the capn 
@jcrouch18 Easy fix... Move to Indy friend! 
@_cookiegirl_ too much beer aye! Eat some bread. That should, key word should, help. 
@SierraVE i hope you have a good time in london for the Give it a Name tour  i love ur band! x
@DarkAngel808 true dat sister.. dat kinda sux BUT tweetie will shrink long tweets which twitterfon no do.. (via @iliPahgz) Fill me in... 
Improv last night was hilarious!! Go UCB! Definitely going back 
@danecook Red sox Nation is the title on my phone. Go sox! 
@realin Make sure you call us for the wedding, eh! 
@giblahoj Stay in bed 
@MariahCarey Always Be My Baby 
Go to play major now !~ later twitter 
@JesseJstreet @seriouschick Go STL Runners! Cheering you on 
firing up the FZ1N. Go out and feel the power 
4 more weeks till the end of year 11 --Bring it on!! 
@DHughesy  how awesome is that??!!!  Go Hughesy 
@SmartBitches Most Definitely!  Stay Safe Driving home! No &quot;twhirl&quot; while driving! 
@bkmacdaddy Have a great day! &quot;Drop&quot; by any time you like! 
@steamykitchen Why not? Isn't live all about learning new things  Go for it!
@kevincully Make sure you don't take the fun out of fundamentals. 
@natatree Your welcome. Go Nat go  *cheers*
@heartnsoul Congratulations! Go for another 13 years and more! 
@HannaUmar Bring it on 
Mmmm, warm weather is back again. Bring it on 
@pearce Getting a more detailed write-up together now. Stay tuned.  ^JC
&quot;Turn back on the broken heartache, some things are just meant to be.&quot; 
No links provided to newspapers on Sundays. Buy one, go to the park, read, relax and enjoy! 
@jesmith81 Nietzsche said, that which does not kill us only makes us stronger...  Go for 2 more pinkberries today!   Travel safe!
@janus0x  jejeje Grab the BBT dvd's, get some starbucks and go superHD!
@breagrant Have a great day! Stay safe in whatever you do! 
@sweetlikez Go to Settings and you will find the tab (picture).  
&quot;The Future of Food&quot; is on Hulu.com! Go check it out! 
@MelRy217 Our Chimp loves you!--http://twitpic.com/3c7zx - Go vote! 
@kristynmarie A dustpan might work.  Use a little broom to sweep it into the dustpan.  Or just put a box over it until the hubby is home. 
At the beach with the girls  perfect day! And there are tons of ladybugs  Be Blessed!!!
@pescelupo Yes!  You and that muse fly to the park!!! Write mucho!! 
@TiffanyGiardina i love Push Play! good luck  x
@AshleyLTMSYF Go for a cycle! I went for a cycle today... to get a Magnum, haha! 
So full! Jine's in rochester was delicious! Go there if your in town 
@xmillehliciuosz okay - thaaanks! Go aften! 
@matthewkempster yup. I'm a designer. Pay me. I will. 
@EdOvery have a lovely time! Bring us back some presents 
Wow have i eaten too much today! Go dominoes!! 
I want to be on vacation so bad  Bring on the sun &amp; the beachhhh! 
@gerardway oh you tease! Go on give me a little clue. What does it rhyme with? 
@Nickygeezy Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. hope that helps 
@Niecey_C Agreed! Hang in there, only a few weeks to go until summer 
just watched Step Brothers it was sooooo freakin funny it nearly made me pee my pants throughout the whole movie.Luvs it 
ok now for the good news...drugs will be oxycotin(hillbilly heroin), endone and/or morphine. Woohoo!! Bring it on tomorrow. 
@mikewat sorry to hear that. Go lift some weights, that usually helps getting aggressions out 
@actionchick can't say just yet ... Stay tuned!  
@ChalkBored Go Tiges  with glee!!!
Start of two weeks of earlies is soooo hard!! At least I have drinks with my best and a lovely dinner to look forward to!! 
@mileycyrus you're adorable and so funny!you're going to have a splendid future cause u are a splendid person,inside and out.Go girl! 
@MariRamos wow tornados, hails n thunderstorms !!! I love such weather. At least its better then the heat of Karachi :p  Be Safe !! 
Decide to conquer my exams!  - http://tweet.sg
@Brennamor Always good to see childhood friends again! 
If you can start the day without caffeine, YOU'RE PROBABLY A DOG!  Visit Us... http://snipr.com/dysrd
@mileycyrus Hang in there, you can do it 
I want to win a trip  Women's Health &quot;Are you Game?&quot; Enter to Win... http://www.womenshealthmag.com/areyougame/
@Schofe Be careful and, if you have to, use &quot; The Force&quot;!   Enjoyed the 80's sketch,was it fun to film?
@Shelleyftr Go for it girl.  Looking forward to an update ....... 
@angyelle Go back to sleep? That would be my choice. 
@McKatrine Not at all! Go get some food in your stomach, girlie 
@noxhanti : All good, Move servers on palsnaija.com ...and u? 
Turn your nextel/sprint chirp into a tweet 'be kewl if you can chirp something via voice and it comes out typed on twitter. 
@DonnieWahlberg G'Morning!  I wanna participate!  Sign me up! 
Buy things with money I don't have 
@aimmonardo If it's not happening on it's own (sounds like maybe!), I'll bet that they'll induce you! Stay strong. 
#JOMSOCIAL Suggest very very near release  
@nataliemorales Congrats! Go you! What was it about? 
@empoweredfemale U cn only ever follow 10% more than wht follow U. Go in2 www.twitoria.com &amp; find followers not active, then remove 
@iamdiddy hope you had a good night with the birthday boi. Tell him I say happy birthday. PS Go Hawksss 
I hope my baby has a great first day at work! Stay positive and focused, and keep our love in mind all day. 
@iHate101 Stay Bald Uglee 
@casmiruknow Thx.I told u aesop rock is pretty dope.he's kinda underground 4 the most part,but he's got some amazing stuff.Stay fly. 
@travel_ph Been following your tweets. Good work promoting the country. Wow Philippines! Go Pinoy! 
@commentluv http://twitpic.com/3nmoj - Go for it 
@MariKurisato or maybe you are &quot;exactly&quot; where you are supposed to be for such a time as this.  hugs girl! Hang tough!
@Go_Ask_Alice I do that, too!!! 
Preparing the First Titanium Tips Email Newsletter to go out tomorrow. Get ready Boot Campers -     
@missbetty77 I would show it to him! Go for it!!! 
is hoping to get the Hawaii sustainable development project. The meetings and site inspections are the most exciting part  Go figure!
Collect 'How To Make 5 Figures A Month With Adsense' for FREE here -   http://TwitPWR.com/cOw/  
Make donations on my blog  http://hiolivejuicee.blogspot.com
@crenk thanks for the feedback. we're growing quickly and implementing changes that you'll be interested in I think. Stay tuned 
@segdeha Wow!!! Put me on beta list please when you guys have one ready 
@tamalam if you love the 80s, be warned, the site can be very addictive. Join, Create a profile and have fun 
@cmbaldwin morning. Go and email me some sunshine will ya? Go on, share!!  Have a good day whatever it brings
FYI-it's really freaking wet outside. Bring an umbrella when u go out this morning 
i will demonstrate #FingerApp in http://iphanatics.com tonight. Drop by to say hi if u r free 
Please make sure you actually *read* the event info on facecrack - http://tinyurl.com/c68hqo. Buy ure own tix, meet at 6.40 upstairs 
@unclelauren Also check out The Go! Team and Tiny Dancers for more happy tunes to cheer you up 
I will draw the cover. Make it in all of the 3 (B/W, Greyscale and colour) and see what people like best 
My latest blog will be posted in a few hours time. Stay tune! 
is about to leave the house and face... *shudder* physics and the &quot;Hang&quot; man!  http://plurk.com/p/raux2
Right click on the sys prefs icon in your dock and you get a list of all components in it. Choose what you want to load 
@PoldermanBLP Relax and have a nice glass of vino.   good luck tomorrow in the rain. see you at rabbit!
Drop everything now. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk. Take away the pain. Cause I see, sparks fly whenever you smile 
@TRIPLEBEAMDREAM Thank you for checking out amilya.com.. LOTS of fun stuff coming soon once TV show airs. Stay tuned  Power Hugs!
Go sub to ItsJemiNelenaSeries  she's awesome
@TheFamousJbug Go Go Go Go Gold Grill Shawty that sh!t whack 
@KirkyyJay Yay! Go make coffee, I'm drinking mine right now! Stay awake! I am  Lol, is Baylor some kind of inside joke now? HAHA &lt;3
Go 2 wal mart!  with my sisters and there friends
@carmelhunnie hey love welcome to twitter! Be u n say whats on ya mind whenever an have some fun be blessed 
@notanAirplane Awesome job tonight! I really enjoyed it. Wish you guys could have played longer!  And thanks for playing &quot;Don't Go Home&quot;! 
@tuiistheworld 8 tweets in 30 mins? Julian, Relax 
@Porridge Send some of my crazy postcards to your postcrossing friends!  http://is.gd/ugVc
Gama-Go store party tomorrow/today! I'm hella poor, but they're giving out FREEbies. And its FREE comic book day too. 
Fishing Tip: Save wine-corks...great for wedging fishing rigs into tacklebox slots, also use as unbreakable floats near rocks  #fishing
@brainmusic Always laughing, aren't we? 
So hungry!!! Hurry up for breakfast.. 
OMG they are playing IF You Go Away when I am actually on-line, hells to the yah 
@lieveolaerts Have a marvelous day too Lieve! Be warm! 
@jessicaling cool .... Make it two 
@AlexFraiser Thanks for the plug in the footer  Stay tuned for farrhad.com!
@nellclothing Yay! Go Nellybobs! 
Please DO NOT park on corners, in bus stops, &amp; allow others 2 merge into traffic. Use your mirrors. Be nice, Stay safe, SHARE the road.  
@Hugobiwan Ahaha you are too much in SL mon  Be strong ! 
@markhughes Got it! No worries, I'll send through the replies  Be well!
@MrsMcMahon I'd say watch dollhouse. Relax &amp; then get ur beauty sleep 
@juderogers Oh that's an annoying one! As bad as person-cum-cliche bellowing in mob phone on the train. Throw a tantrum and shock them 
Okey, our &quot;semi-ready&quot; website is now up and running. Go check it out: http://www.applications.dk. You are welcome to comment 
@virtual4now Thanks! You too dude! Go get 'em 
Eat all pigs, eating them is no danger, but let none flew, because of swine flu  #swineflu
You gotta come from the bottom just to see the top... Make sure you stay firm and you don't flop  --Thanks for the Gerber Reds  --
@fabeku I have a friend with two tipis in the country. There is rock people out there. Bring you, wifey, drums, bowls, everythingles! 
@EGMTK Have a good day, I am coming to see your dyeing operation some time next week,  Be ready 
mentally preparing for oil wrestling tonight...come see me! Bring your dollar bills 
@shinskydadon gorgeous! Cut out the sky n mail it to me pls. 
@dramabeats http://twitpic.com/4efuk - Start your day and fall asleep when the time is right! 
hooray! i have 3 stalkers!  spy me spy me!!! where did you find me? ok! you win this round of Hide n Seek 
@MandyPandy32 Absolutely fantastic - well done you! Go on, treat yourself tonight!  x
@MajorDodson Be of good cheer my friend for victory is yours. 
Are you on #Flickr? Look at our groups pictures and join the fun. Great stuff! Upload your own  http://tiny.cc/WG4eP
@BOLDBusiness - thanks! Stay tuned on that. 
@Speaker99 Absolutely! Loved that quote, it's so true and humorous at the same time! Make it a fabulous day 
@jeffsonstein @snarkyplatypus Step one is &quot;get married&quot;. After that you can pretty much do what you like. 
Special for all our Tweeps  10% coupon off all our personalized childrens gifts at www.more4kids.com till 05312009. Use Code: M4KMAY09TWT
@JennieBinSC very cool. Pick me up a latte will ya? 
@craiggoebel looks amazing! Go carve it up 
Prolly Bout To Go Fishing. 
@dreamluverz give me a chance! Use my url shortening services! 
@famous_twit  give me a chance! Use my url shortening services! 
@snookyonline give me a chance! Use my url shortening services! 
Its Derbyy Weekendd  , im bouts to Go on Broadwayy &amp;&amp; Act a foo.
Leave it to kenny chesney to sell every rain coat and poncho in dallas! 
Dinner -- Be right back 
WhiteOak:  Bring back some food for everyone else 
@photomernik I need some noms. Go make me some please 
@brentcrawford @psalm18chick @kellyeharris we haven't figured out details yet but it should be fun. Stay tuned for more info soon 
Long Term Goal: Be a real man, Be a data security analyst in 2-4 years Short Term Goal: Finish School, Find Myself, Find My Better Half 
Go Celtics!  Winning money is awesome... 
Go to a family meal in 1 hour. I'll cheer up my grandpa 
@ryanodonnell thanks for the rec on Drop7. that game is awesome!!! been waiting for something that can pull me away from my consoles.  
Just added the greatest link building property to the new site. Sign up now at http://www.immembership.com for a discount, launch Thurs 
X-men: Origins was awesome. Go see it if you enjoy explosions and crazy brawls. 4/5 stars. 
@_meeza mmm yummy. Make me some 
@cyantist hey how are you?? Write back  x
@Taddy69 I've got to go out in a bit. Make sure you save me a piece...  I'll be disappointed if it's all gone.
Bedddddddddd. Leave it on aim or myspacee&lt;3 
@danniPHANTOM Hokay. Start again. What do I do? 
@ShakalakaPeter Bring some along tomorrow will ya... 
finally broke his casino habit. By losing $350. Make it back next week? 
going out in the garden with the whole fam. Be back in a while.  http://plurk.com/p/riqdx
I got to work early!!! Go me! 
@robwatts - Go out in the sunshine and take a long ride on that old bicycle of yours 
@abacab1975 Hold on tight!! 
@vanillawhip Give Love A Try. 
Thanks For D Accept @emilyosment 
@khali_blache When I take a hit, I scream and shout! Throw up a bubble and hearth stone out 
Lamb chops! Done! Bring it on!!    http://twitpic.com/4h7rh
How to make your hand into an airplane: 1. Roll down car window 2. Push arm into oncoming wind 3. Dip hand up &amp; down 4. Make jet noises 
@Wavness Go to a room, I stalk. 
@brandika Aww, good luck!  Be exciiiited! 
@dianaejennings  What's the &quot;bag limit&quot;for white footed mice in your area? Make sure you stay legal, 
new video on youtube!! Go check it out  http://tinyurl.com/cwdbzy
@thesselonious I'm a new(ish) mother. Cut me some slack, stepdaddy.  
At the castle with jill! Be back today 
WOOOOO finally hit 500 subscribers on YouTube  Go see: http://www.youtube.com/user/chaziboy
@cyreneng Awww.. I miss you guys too. Move over to Glorietta 5 already. We have the most beautiful, state-of-the-art restrooms! 
@chathuraw Go for it.. Its worth the trouble 
@dawnmiller Make them all the time, Dawn-y girl. Only human - kind of like me that way  How is your sweet self today?
has Updated her WebSite - Leave A Comment! http://nikimariesmith.webs.com  http://plurk.com/p/rlbn7
@thatchman1 Fill it in with some sand and plant some flowers or something. 
@LaRenne great feeling working outside with great yard results and great personal satisfaction. Carry on! 
@leeeees Go on then. 
@tferriss I give up! Make sure to let us all know where it is 
@rockonrebelchld @Cari_tx absolutely! Go with your gut. It's a good sign though that she is playing and stuff! 
@dieborg I'm on the treadmill. It took a while, but I finally feel like improving just a tiny bit  Stick with it!
@_apricottea That's really cute! Go you 
http://www.actpositive.org/walktotalk2009/ Autism Community Together: Walk To Talk 2009. Be there 
@vlagemann Go to CostCo its so much better there and you get so much for so little 
@His_Dreamgirl awww, I bet! Bring pics to Indy please. 
Night twit heads. Make sure y'all check out myspace.com/uniquestarpower 
@CharityMyLove missed you at UrbanNetwork Be Seen Be Heard on sat--would have loved your input on my writing but i understand traffic 
Start my job tuesdayyyyy and going tanning tommorow with my best 
@sab5zal ure a strong woman! supermommy katekan. hehe. Pls remember to call me up if u need someone to hang out or talk to!!!  Stay +ve!!
@RoWiRo Always up for old school, just got back from salsa and love the blues as well...so you ain't the only one who can't stand still. 
@buckhollywood Who doesn't like hugs?! You must be hug-deprived. Start hugging your dogs more often 
@sadknob I thought you'd like that. P.S. Hands off the keyboard. Sit back. Breathe deeply. Sip your adult beverage. Repeat. Repeat again. 
@polhillian: Bring 'em on, sweetie  I'd be glad to help if I can 
11:11. Make a wish! 
@Shamini_r I find mystery so much more interesting than obvious...waaay more to explore  Go bodypump and Cardio...
@sleepydumpling Yes, I especially love the scene where he mimes Try a Little Tenderness in the record store. 
@Go_Gadget_SODMG thanks 
Listening to Go: Audio, and all thats in my brain now is....WHEEEEYOOOOOOOOOOOO! Ah Brighton, such good times! 
@DavidArchie Go explore and find a quaint little spot for breakfast! 
@Hattijoe Make that cash Ms Hatti! 
Excited that I get to add a new listening Exercise to the site.  Stay tuned!  
@peterjrday Thanks. Feel so happy 2 Make Ur Day a Great one. Enjoy it 2 the fullest N Have Fun Always 
morning, how is everone? sing to me  You tuck me in, Turn out the light, kept me safe and sound at night. (8)
@kusasi Lol I can Tweet &amp; Eat! Multi Tasking Woman see!  ha ha Enjoy your moment.
@fossiloflife Leave multitasking to us women  @prateekgupta
@LeaLunacy Make a videoblog! 
@HeatherWelliver Attach him to @Grailwolf after all mammals mammary glands will produce milk.  Or may be formula?
It's 6.30pm - sun is setting soon, and i should be setting off soon too! Grab some dinner and catch sitcoms! 
@missgiggly Go the bubble bath!!!  Always relaxing.......
@fawn_s  Accept it, you can't do anything, can you? 
@leannenufc Go for it! Chinese sounds yum! 
@HaoranC Go for it!! 
@Liesl_M Make one with something about the Charger? 
Off to school. Who knows what to expect? Bring on life and all of it's suprises! 
@sarieanne Eat it, it's good for you 
Go get some fresh air :] to refresh mind  
@jberrebi Use mozy.com 
@Laurendorcus...I need a huge favor of love. Anticipate texts from me 
@beautyandbedlam Make sure you come back and comment again! 
@phyllig MTV Movie Awards. Go vote! STAT 
@FOX19Sara Go girl!! Start your day out right...gotta love that! 
@AnnebrittB slaying dragons &amp; rescue innocents, this could be a good life movie   Make sure to take a camara and film!!!! 
Step-by-step I'm leaving it all behind 
The phones are lit up like christmas trees. Go to work people. You don't have to get everything done on monday. 
@kirstiealley that is soooo scary! Be careful! We only have one Kirstie! 
wishing you all a happy monday and a wonderful start to this week ! Make it a good one 
@OAMCortney you're alive!!!!!!  Go w/ The Notebook...it'll make you cry and stuff 
Tip for today - The eagles are specials against the broncos, put your house on them 
@JustJayde  Make sure ur plantin next to the water in the soil 
@IamTam not having your lights on concerns me! Lol! Stay safe! 
Ahhhhh now If You Go Away  by @nkotb is on @retrorewind YAY my other fav song of theirs 
@qwe4423 ?. Pick up that, as fast you can! 
@roccodispirito Right on! Pull up a chair and welcome 
Whoops! Start Trek,...not Start! Duh.  
Make sure your mom knows you love her 
@penguinsnews Go Pens go, Gino Wins it for the Pens 
@angienewton You mean set up to start using? just jump in! Use the # sign with whatever word you want to use 
@qclindalou Go log in to your myspace page. 
I have a tummy ache. Buy me this - http://tinyurl.com/pavh76 and I'll feel better. 
@abbey_marie Stick with me kidd...you'll be alright (there's a whole sketchy world out there waiting to be taken advantage of 
@gregxgore Make her something. Buying something is too impersonal. She's your mom! 
@iLoveDarkEdward    Go get 'em!  lol
I have seen Star Trek, so now you guys can't spoil it  If you haven't seen it, Go. Go now.
@imsoapee Hang in there. I can be there in about three more hours. 
@foprof LOL.  Leave a kid on internet and the kid will do stupid things.
@stephenhartley Gotta love skype! Make sure you get their new update! 
@micahrowland Step by step. I'll work on the cheesecake after I master the quiche. 
@timdifford ohhh beautiful place. You on hols? Go steady on the mead! 
@AlohaArleen Read your article on Mashable &quot;7 Ways to Create Your Own Social Start Page&quot; .. You're my ambassador of Kwan 
Clinical studies show smiling/laughter significantly imprvs immune function and makes u more healthy. Go ahead..try it-see feeling better 
Up and at 'em. Ready for the day! Be encouraged, and encourage someone else! 
@GreatRock I think thats exactly it. Use it as training material 
@Cyntaxerror Always sleep with a knife under ye pillow ay! 
@ThePaulDaniels I am not everyone I am just little ole me! Just one person!  Go on go on! I wont disappoint you! lol xx
&quot;Tears start over nightly. Go away, tears start over..&quot;  Goldfrapp-Tiptoe, 
watching F1 at home now. Go mclaren! but i'm liking the Brawn guys 
The way you lick your lips, Make me wanna quit the game and, Stay with you, with you oh oh ohh,  best song everr by travis Garland 
@marciaramirez. You Go Girl. Glad u made it safe. Fill us In later on ur day. Enjoy your day. I can see the Jergens glow from here. 
@angeliesa Go to Multiply, there are a lot of people who do that. Go look for those who sell like Lolita dresses and actually make them. 
@Hapson ah. Go Manchester  #TwitterTakeover 
@caseysusan Go Brewers Baby!!!!!! And can u believe it- Craig Counsell Home Run!!!!!! 
@xmariex Bring them all to meeeee 
@Schofe I agree! Bring on Monaco, i can't wait to go 
new pics up. 365 - http://tinyurl.com/ownyfy and i really like this one, but no one is looking at it - http://tinyurl.com/qlpos4 Go look 
@Out_Of_Step  Put up the raveeeeeee video 
New tutorial book from Arisue Go &quot;Kinbaku Mind and Techniques 1&quot; - http://bit.ly/MfV4D You can buy it on KinbaCon directly from Arisue Go 
@TaraCuda Choose your distro carefully &amp; wisely 
Go treat your mother's right today  &lt;3
@tauriam I luv you gurl! Stay up, stay strong, stay like water 2 a duck... Resistant! 
@jesshoffman cupcakes are the best! Hang in there. 
listen 2 'Wake Me Up Befor You Go Go' helps me reamaber my dance 4 my dance show 
@jordanknight Thanks Jordan!  Make sure you take good care of your wife today!! 
What's this?! I'm NOT hungover?? Go me!  (actually, that's not really something to be proud of, lol)
You forgot it was Mother's Day, didn't you? Go on... Get to Halllmark before they close... Go! Go now! What are doing on Twitter? Go! 
To all the special moms I follow....HaPpY MoThEr'S DaY!  Be Blessed! 
Cut and sewn a 40's slip in under 2 hours. Just hems and lace trims left to do  So cute!
@Passport83  Don't say cheek... U know how i get.  lmao  *Be Free*
DWTS TOMORROW  Go Shawn!!!!! Go Team Shark!!!!!!!!!!!
Long day in the city...Go Team Tough Titties  Susan G. Komen walk was fabulous 
Guys please welcome @eljoseff fellow #twitterican #graphicartist #freelancer Spread the word and love people. Make him feel welcome 
Hello 51 Followers! Go see my music video for Lights song I owe you one, http://vimeo.com/4583168 right there  and tell me what you think!
Sign of the times: Texting thank-you notes to my kids for all the great things they did for me for mother's day. 
Go Celctics!!! all my favorite teams seem to be kicking ass lately.  but no like Barca 
11:11! Make a wish 
@MalloryNicholls Have a fun trip! Bring back some cool tornado photos! 
Just finished going through the desk and important files- Phase 1 &quot;Pack it up Move it out&quot; complete 
I have to laugh. The kids sure are more willing to give dad back rubs when I mention it's time to go to bed lol. Go figure hehe 
@JTW999 sounds like you had some fun!!!  Fill me in!!
11:11 Make a wish!  
Throw back to my freshman year, yeah... I'm 25. get over it  ? http://blip.fm/~60w24
@lazysupper What about this? http://twtpoll.com/ Start it, and I'll help spread the poll... 
Eating lunch. Eat yer's too! 
hrm...should go get in my daily WiiFit, I suppose. Go get my legs aching as much as my arms do 
@boinzy  Considering the notables don't find their star until after their 50's or 60's, I'd say no, not too late   Go for it 
@everythingmel http://twitpic.com/50v2p - Hear is a heater for you. 
Went to &quot;Let's Be Frank&quot; today. I enjoy the idea and I support them 
@glenmaddern He he. I'm at an F# talk. Go MS hey. 
@woganmay Jump a plane with @dchetty 
Make that last one 12:28am. 
We can feel it!! Wooo woo yay Nuggets F-T-W and we advance!!!!! Go on with your double double Chaunc....! 24 years, its about damn time 
Wow, summer heat. Loving itttt. The past days went hard though. But friends are great so it didn't matter.  Enrollment on 25. Bring it on!
Snap, crackle, pop. Know you're loved. 
Ok. I'm having a heartattack. Call 911 and tell them to meet me on the roof top of Kress. Make sure they're cute. 
I needed that sleep!  Dreamt for the first time since ages again. About what? Starbucks. Go figure.
@marvlove Hang in there. It will get better. I promise. 
@juliebenz I just saw you on syndication, 'Step by Step'! Remember that one? You were/are a doll! 
Danny is still my American Idol and he has a bright future ahead of him. Go, Go, Gokey! 
am going back to sleep for a bit, am sily tired  Be back on later, bye X
is going to the Go:Audio signing this afternoon 
@PixelMitch Prepare to have your mind blown!!!! LOL but seriously its fantastic 
@cardsforheroes LOL - you need a spoonfull of honey! Stay away from the baked goods   feel better!
@marylland Eat some Cookies 
is all alone. Pick up my FCUK jeans today 
@PaulaDauncey Be creative but still have the objective in mind 
@kerlikoiv ooh, creepy. I know you can handle it. Go, Kerli! 
@EdwardIkhwan It's up on Ning! Go check it out. It was sickkk... 
@gO_RIA   Always wonderful with you daughter dear  
@Schofe ooo sounds exciting!! Hold on tight 
It's after 5! That means it's G&amp;T time! Be sure to ad a twist of lime 
@inertia_games Make sure you try and enjoy it whilst the clocks tick round 
I've had one heck of a night... one second I'm a hot fucking bitch to a pt. and the next I'm a dumb stupid bitch!  Make up your mind!  
@matt_is Be good to your new followers babe!  xx
We're 18th best in the entire world!  According to Develop Magazine's top 100 studios!  http://bit.ly/YEAqZ
@oyvind Make a contact with all the words you want the iphone to learn. 
@andrewbarnett Push that panic back down with a glass of red my friend 
GN!...I'm Just NOW going to sleep! After something to eat that is! Worked up a hunger!  I am exhausted! Go 2 sleep, get up do it again! 
@esmeeworld I just saw your video of Outta Here and it's so cooool! I think it's so great that a Dutch person can get this far! Go esmee! 
@purugovind Lot of work-related tweets mate  Be careful, your boss doesn't read them.
@crowth I feel so proud! Go you 
Buy some candy from me! 
My ass is STILL up!!! This is an outrage! Messn wth frickn fb uploadn pix. Go take a looksee if ur on fb. Leave a comment if u like... 
@SaraS85 &quot;Get Specific Version... Force get of file versions already in workspace&quot; is slower, but at least you know it works every time 
@meghuber Hang in there! And I may be in your neck o' the woods in a couple of weeks. 
@madwilliamflint Bring it.   I'm probably more dangerous with something containing chocolate, cheese, avocado, mango or Saffron, though.
Effortlessly Allow U'r day to happen! All will unfold-Let Go &amp; the Desires will present opportunities for U to act on! Have the BEST day! 
@CindyDroog I can honestly say I've never used the word  Go us!
Make it a gr8 day tweeps!  
@ronanofficial When winds that blow r merely breeze.Learn fr nature,fr birds &amp; bees.Live ur life in luv &amp;let joy not cease. 
@Jonathancheban well thank you for replying! You have fun today. Stay in touch 
Make each day your masterpiece !! 
@jeffmello @ginidietrich  We could skype him in! Put a computer on the empty chair--buy him a beer 
@mrs_maltagirl Make sure you show them this http://bit.ly/JdXjz  
@philipjohn Aye sir. Give one a try! 
Twits! Get the freebies sent to your inbox! Sign up for the FREEtastic blog morning updates on the top right! http://snipr.com/fs3w5 
I hate the heat.  It makes me sick...and ice melts too fast. Also:  Go Norway! 
Go Katelyn! Go Hannah! Awesome job girls!! 
@Roxie22 Stay up!! or good night 
pretty bored right now. Just finished dying my hair back to black.  [Let's Make A Mess]
Make sure your following @techkast as we plan our return  still want @drbuk on it really bad.
@tomdog sometimes when you like something so much. Buy more than one pair. (hence my greater than 50 pairs of doc martens boots). 
@markhoppus yup. Ubertwitter. Use it 
@benjorg yay! Not eating meat is awesome  meat is gross. Go for it!
@mosdefaqueen Wow! I appreciate that alot. I still want tracks but am without a home for our radio show for the time being.  Stay tuned!
Essay is finished! Go me! 
@mc_frontalot @moxygecko No! Don't buy her fancy shoes! Buy ME fancy shoes! With rockets in them! Make it so, Number Won! 
@evilspinmeister: Bring on the martinis 
Go to sleep. www.myspace.com/recycledamericamusic 
Word Tip: To move a paragraph/text, Select text, Hold down ALT+Shift then use the up and down arrows - Who needs cut, copy paste 
@ozfinn Definitely load of crap. Eat good food, exercise, worry not about weight. 
@OrenTodoros Cut down by half, ready to grow back in 2 weeks 
@yaykimo Nice meeting you at Kids Mix too! Put the Pics on myspace  I hope You enjoyed Honor Society!!
@twinkleboi Stick with that avatar - best one yet. Last day - go you! 
I'm taking voice lessons via Youtube   Go cheap, people.  Go cheap.
Tip- Never Jump from the Trampoline to the pool 
I actually did a shitload of homework today. Go me. 
Prepare for #Eurovision tweets, now that I'm watching it. 
Transferring photos as we speak. Prepare for A LOt of photos to be uploaded 
@marcflores eat 5-6 tiny meals day. Lay off carbs...actually eat carbs but watch your intake. Move more 
@RachelImogenGW Hang in there gorgeous 
I'm gonna sit on my arse all day and stay on the 360. Bring it on! 
@jonronson  Now now ...where is your entrepreneurial spirit??!!  Make it 50p and it's yours! Thanks for #wossybookclub re-direct 
@miriamsays Go watch it. It's really nice. 
@andyclemmensen you'd look more like an overgrown baby  Or. Grow a forked tail and a couple of horns, the red pitchfork will complete it.
@Juniesgurl Make me some while you're at it. Why does coffee always taste better when someone else makes it? 
COLD! Tired... Make up time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! After having some more food lol Cos I'm a fatty 
@donotdisconnect Drop me a line on my name at gmail dot com and we'll chat about it  love to play nottingham!
Plan for today: Try to get that bloody FA Cache to work, do some 1014 revision since I havent done any and the exam is on thursday 
have you bought something from GUSSY lately? Be sure to leave feedback on www.Etsy.com! thx 
@markhoppus Make you smile is one of my favorite songs ever. 
Getting ready for the Rays game.. It's gonna be a hot one out there tailgating! Should be fun, though  Go RAYS!
@hazelgreenluv they are inspirational! Make me want to travel the world with my best friend! The documentaries are a great watch! 
Good morning! Enjoying a cup of coffee along with a nice change in the weather (cooler). Go #Rockets ! Beat the #Lakers ! 
ok I found Calipari, thats what I was looking for   Go Cats !!
@AgentRayRay haha I know .... It's so fun... Leave me alone I fell like I'm actually talking to the stars I'm following  LOL jk
@papercups Go son! Go!  Is that Neverland fic? &lt;3333 x 10
Step 1: put on pants. Step 2: go eat breakfast. Jeez, you wouldn't think that would be so hard 
Energy is contagious! Be sure that you are spreading the right kind 
@zZeb I only watched the Tie-Break 
@tednh Absolutely.    Pick up the plane ticket and I'll come to you today!
: &quot;oNe MoRe MiNuTe To TaKe QuiZzeS PiCK MY 5 oN LiViNGSoCiaL - FaCeBooK THeN Go To SLeeP..&quot;.......... 
@SlurpeeFan Be sure to post a comment on the post for your entry to be complete! http://twurl.nl/ny8g4g  thanks
Support the revolution1 Buy a shirt  http://bit.ly/rskVx
follow @MRCSupporters guys.. Go follow,,click them, follow them. 
Bout Taa Hop In thee Showerr &amp;&amp; Get Readyy For Churchh  Afterr Immaa Go Shoppinn =D
@Stickyplasters good girl! Stay off them 
Go on msn XOXO &lt;33 see ya 
@gfalcone601 are you still at Radio1? Go in and say hello  x
@OhEmilyLouise I graduated! Hurry and come to me! 
Says heres the deal chicago: whoever loses cheers on the winner to the cup. Prepare to cheer. 
People are like fresh cement... Anything dropped ok them leaves a big impression. Be kind to each other  (via #zenjar )
@psam LOL! It's super free  it has all the things you need even a skype too...  Go check this http://m.fring.com/
@opensrcsociety The &quot;TransAm&quot; bike route? Are you biking across America? If so, way to go buddy! Go! Go! Go! 
Make sure you add a few big glugs of the stuff, get it simmering and then go back to tweeting for the next hour or so 
Listening to Always 
Brick with panther, then blender party at fitty's. Be there 
@princess_narnia Go you!!!  Not difficult at all, huh?
@wynchester76 Make-up collection 
Wow where did the day go. Ah well work tomorrow. Wait a minute.. I don't, I'm on vacation.... Roll on monday I have plans for you my dear 
@curtis_susuki I dont mind at all! Use it all you want  my entire work says it now. We sometimes say buckIIEEEESSSS!!! haha!!
Stay Different, be the way you always are ! 
@GianMC okays! Go work that -2 pounds of fat off 
@Jaxthatgirl sooooo no work after 2 on friday all the way through monday. Sign me up. 
@KayB Easily one of the best flicks ever! Watch this, and watch The Prestige also if you like this 
Go to www.myspace.com/tokyotowerfm if you want to find out how to subscribe to our show 
@mcfedr very pleased! Go Alexander Rybak! 
Make sure the crowd is willing to catch you before you stage dive! 
@rsimmons31 Being in paradise is apparently creating some sort of distorted sense of reality in your brain. Go Magic!!! 
So I failed my stats final. But I passed the class with a C-. Go me 
@PaulThePromoter u and ur bananas. Lol. Stay healthy tho! 
@SkywayAvenueXx Consider it done.  Wishin' you all the best love&lt;3
@michaelianblack something about your image on twitter makes twitterberry go slow when I scroll to your tweet.  It's weird! Fix? Plz? 
@RealHughJackman Stay by the pool as possible  hope you have a great summer.
@NKANGEL74 your heading to bed &amp; I am just getting home from work as usual!! Go figure!! Knight girl! 
@AnoopDoggDesai I was just thinking- I hope he got his coffee  Hang in there! I'm sending some energy vibes your way.
@hotlilly Wise choice... Go Cavs! 
@YankeeGirl20 @tracicoulter @jengroover I am good too. Just need a day or so notice.   Let the Drink-a-thon Begin.
@sweetpeatreats @cakespy I'll be posting the ham ones this week. Stay tuned.  Here are the bacon ones I did:  http://bit.ly/Ql73i
bout Take my GOODs that i BAKED ;) Turn on Twlight and TEXT on my fone and pray on the food has bless me 2 Make and Vide lol 
@KyBella that's so awesome!! I love that you join stuff like that!!!!  Go team Isa!!!! 
@margoks It's way better that Da Vinci Code  Don't worry you don't need to read the book   Go watch Angels and Demons!!
@Go_RV_ing @jmasty @ahaileyjr @euvoli_143 thanx for the follow ppl 
@squishymatter just think, one day movie releases will let you watch from home on the release day. Pay for the movie watch it at home 
Make a wish 
Start your monday morning the good way ... no not by going back to sleep though its tempting ... with a new client  (no not in same bed)
Stand up. Speak up. 
@marlograce We all hate that feeling. ) Go pamper yourself today! 
Goodmorning from Amsterdam, Centerfold is back with there new single Take Me Make-up and Hair by me 
@laura_dolcepics I have another. I will post it for you here. Hang on 
I don't want the week to start... Make it the weekend forever!!!!!!!!!!!!! Gn tweeters 
@PembsDave i'll need more than 140 characters to moan completely! ha!  Hava fab minday brain! Go on dominate the world! x
@shawtygetlo Write a review about your lunch at Tboy on myfoodtrip.com for a chance to win P1000! 
I'm on my way to Uni for my last deadline. Make dua iA it should all go ok 
@bugmum I'll use my quarantine time wisely! Stay tuned 
I need to Go now Home Alone Tomorrow Yay! 
@corvida going in a min. hmm why are you up? Go to bed small fry. You want Ignite in Atlanta? Make it happen!  http://ignite.oreilly.com
@kingfamily all is well thanks. @calw and girlies were only just stirring as I left but presuming all is well with them!! Be blessed too 
@fiascowines @TheWineVault  Be proud of me again boys - I am drinking and it is RED 
smear it on your plastic face. Leave you with a sweeter taste. 
@jeffkang crown! Freezer! Go! 
My first comment  I hope I could find my friends!! Finish doing my homework^^
@rhea_ann I know! I can really get into Cut Copy at times.  The more I listen, the more I love them.
@billingtonart Start work at 10, madness till 7, home, tweet. Lots of caffeine, nicotine and other things,in between 
@mattycus HEY YOU! Stay outta Thrall's Chamber!  
@angelenefay Throw me a frikkin bone here!  hehe 
-@mickrogers -@lancearmstrong -@spokesmen Fully understand yesterdays go slow, cars everywhere, should never have happened!!!  Go Cav 
@macalvarez Hint: Buy refurbished. 
sun sun don't go away!! Stay again for another day  holla for vitamin D
@wirespace   Make more flyers. 
@DarkAngel808 G'nite! Use your song to sing yourself to sleep! 
@hala_k http://twtr.us/twtr.html   Use this to create tinu URLs  Mwaaaaaaaaa
@Serendipi Make sure you take enough for medication when you get food poisoning 
@rachelbeer Buy a travel cup and brew your own at home! 
Gotta Go!! Time to watch the &quot;Survivor Finale&quot;!! It should be a good one!! 
@MissDiscipline Enjoy it! U have a long day, trip ahead of u! Eat up!  Hang in there!
@jeremyteocx Go to http://www.woothemes.com/category/themes/ and scroll down to Irresistible. This theme happens to be free! 
Gone in 22 Seconds !   - 18% jump in 22 seconds ! Go India Go
@orangeflowers Go you on WHB, Em! Try doing 15 min ironing first - nice to get it out of way. I did paperwork (ug!) but am off to garden 
Hold up your aim, honey!  ? http://blip.fm/~6ip6u
@PaulaDauncey Make that 21 retweets! 
@jayxtreme take a load off  Relax for me too
Wokee upp Smilinq. Gonnna Be a qoood dayee 
@wingnuterik  Create a 'playlist' then just drag and drop what ever you want 
@LMW1305 Put it on my list then 
just finished part2 of the lost finale and it was amazing! Bring on the final season 
Blatant Advertising: Go buy wonderful things from www.jillybillybean.etsy.com 
@katyperry @ClarkDennis Go ahead and sleep.  We won't talk about you until you wake up 
i have won polish app &quot;Jump&quot; in appleblog.pl's contest 
@rc55 how long has that account been lying dormant? A week? 90000 emails, pfsh. Grow up. 
Oh how the weekends end so quickly. Pour me another margarita! 
Found a Google-bomb that still works! Try &quot;Win Butler&quot; and check out ArcadeFire result - one of the band members 
can't wait for my borther to  move out, that way I can have more room to setup my music station  Go bro GO!!
@rbonini It's called &quot;Study Leave&quot; but for me it's just &quot;Leave&quot; and don't come back  lol
@TheatricEl Same here.  Bring on the weekend.
Prepare for online 
@HoosierBD  where are ya? Hurry it up! 
@erdoland Congrats on finishing the book!! Go. Celebrate. Consume chocolate. 
I don't even care that it's monday  I love this game!!! Go Magic! &lt;3CB
Ready for a great, productive week! Make it an awesome day! 
@jrav1991 Become a Beachbody coach! 
Ready for the new week!  Be unstoppable 
Arise &amp; Build (P. Ed) - 12 hours on-site! 
@JONSGIRL6769 and I have another test 2moro! Ack!!! Leave little time for tweeting, but, I try to thro it in when I can. 
grades are good so far   but I the class I am most nervous about I have been done for over two weeks and still nothing. Hurry up old man!
Is on his way to @Dazaar house. Put these bags down before I cry, have a sarnie and a good ol catch up 
@QueenShadowrama Kick ass!  
Imma Be - great new black eyed peas! Imma be listening to that shiit!  Download: http://www.mediafire.com/?3zmyizwznmj
1st June,, Finish At 1pm For The Month,.!!!  Yaaaaay,.. Get Tah Go Bac To Sleep,. 
@samantha_jan Go to profile and click on the picture icon or go to the settings 
@hanpieter have a nice time! Go spread the Mendix word.... 
Yaaaaay Monday:  Everyone goes back to earning my pension and social security for me.      Go!  Go!  Go!  Work long and hard my minions!
@louwilko Too hot  Myrtos Beach is the 1. Go round island. U can do in 1 day but take 2. Or do &amp; then go bk! Fiskardo (N) prty bt $$$+.
Learn more about Ithaca's Taste of the Nation event in our newest podcast episode! Listen or download at www.EatingIthaca.com 
@riotgeek Hang in there! You'll make it 
@mneylon Go for it! I took delivery this morning of a Sound Class 60 - stunning 
@marhgil wow..congrats! you should write some post how to monetize it &gt;&gt; Step 2 
Oh by the way, good morning  Make it a good day.
Going to lift weights and then do some swimming  Be back later...
@sj2b I am your Target's Target, So I'm rooting for you! Go, Go, Go! 
@nubianwriter use what made you tired as insparation, if it was a good thing, it should lift you right up!! Stay open to your blessings 
@loris_sl Wow! Talk about being popular  Go @Fryphile !!!
Getting my hair did today. Hm should I do something crazy? Go brunette, or add some auburn in the mix. Or maybe I'll just keep it blonde 
Finished meeting! So hyped up with so many ideas, can't wait to be home to share w core. Stay tuned eh core.  - http://tweet.sg
@JonathanRKnight. We're standing outside of the Port of Miami right now with a laptop, twittering. Flight leaves at 6. Come See Us 
@OneSmallFire I bet he's a doctor too. Go for it! 
@mbreinholt lol...well I'm not looking for sympathy from anyone, I'd rather have support. Go ahead and complain...I do!! 
wohoo! Got the bunch-cpu-hotplug interfaces working. Step one, complete 
@mckmama Make everyone wait until you are clean and shiny. 
@Art_Advisor Hopefully it cools down a bit! Go for a swim! 
@Kimbot1984 Go! Kimbot Go!  I must say, Kimbot seems to be pretty well endowed with that uh... tail. :B
@russmarshalek @jlweiss hey now. those are from @Pocket_Books. Be nice to us. 
@jeniangel You don't.  Go back to bed.  
@CyberWasteland @cartoonmoney Relax  I still like both of you (and I'm generally not friends with girls. They are scary *shudders*)
Game tonight @ home vs. Baylor. Be there or be square...or watch it on espn 
@nodgarb You're going to hurt @louiseducray's feelings. We WANT to go, not HAVE to go. Bring some rum. 
@valcoda Goodness sakes, well, good luck with that.    Be well!
Make me good god...but not yet.  I like that.
off  to bed!!!!! Stay classy tweeters be back at 6am 
Stay tunned for hip hops NEW media source! BEYONCEKNOWZ official website coming soon! 
Add Us to your FACEBOOK  http://bit.ly/pnI9l
@LostInInaka Turn R&amp;J into drinking game 2 keep you alert. Tally references w/ friends 4 l8r    http://tinyurl.com/pbmkfr
@PinkBatgirl @_izzy_ Turn that frown upside down ladies  We'll try to keep you occupied.
@jay2pt0 its PayDay! Go to bed! 
will go and see my couturier. ) ) Be right back!  http://plurk.com/p/vf9kc
Go green! If you have any used white A4 paper (one-sided) that you plan to discard, kindly consider donating it to AYA to be re-used! 
@nickbain fuck modesty. Be amazing. Be you. 
Go to www.thephotostudio.com, click on vote for the face of fashion weekend, register and vote for me (246) !!! pleasee 
@sorskoot Install the RefactorPro trial over Coderush Xpress, then when the trial runs out, you'll be all too aware what you're missing 
@AWDawno Always glad to help 
Start from here 
Morning all  Start the day with one of these @LisaVine @reedoh @marginatasnaily @sammi_jade #followfriday
@itshazel sonys are junk a while! Go with a canon 
@sarahayward @ellabella83 @brownbare @alexmyers  Put this in your diaries people  http://bit.ly/JcOjI
@SquishMitten Sounds lovely. Make sure you stay warm today though and drink plenty of fluids 
@jocke Move your settings to your dropbox folder. 
www.freerice.com - Learning and providing aid. Go me 
Nicely done, folks! Milestone I has been reached! 1000 members means that I'll give away two posters. Hang on to find out to whom. 
@Lunabee_art.  I agree with cris.Spend the monies!You've earned it.What with all the work you have been putting out,and all that swiming! 
@gamepete64 Go try it man.. you're missing out! You know it's good if @majornelson approves. 
@SiobhanHickey Be seeing you there! 
Show Onerepublic some love!! Help them get 100,000 followers @1Republic?? Hits songs &quot;Apologize&quot; &amp; &quot;Stop and Stare&quot;- Please ReTweet!! 
my mom has more followers than my dad. lol Go mom! lol 
Kick ass auto moeten repareren  http://twitpic.com/5olsw
@themakelounge  It's okay, everybody loves the Make Lounge!  
Dye in the summertime http://bit.ly/zAw22 won't be attempting that again soon. Go ahead, laugh away 
Ogilvy 's is a kind of buzz somehow ... Write sth on it tonight 
@tpr2 Sign me up. 1st affiliates always get a better deal 
Spotted it written behind a truck : &quot;Put deeper at night!&quot; 
@prettyfnsal Yes, good for him. Good for you now. Move on. Move forward! Let's not press rewind. 
Hear that? That is the sound of victory 
Make that TWO of my kids who have never flown. It's actually kinda cute 
On study Leave   i shoukd be studying :S
@pilchard7 mine was soooo very much worse Gloria Estifian 's(?) Go Away on tape at woolies...ohww the shame 
Go to the movies with my bro 
@AndrewGirdwood Go out and enjoy your time off work! 
Make those shapes count - rave on 
Go outside to see my friends 
@DuaneJackson lol, love it when that happens. Go do it... 
@jinxOZ Make sure there are no cavemen around your lumber yard. That could get ugly. 
@TheCatLaughs and what are you wearing that you wouldn't normally wear? Go on, give us a twit pic 
@awesome_rie Hang in there, girl. 
@Marsho25 Always catch you on here when i'm gone.. how have you been hun? 
@debbieharry So true. The freelance mantra needs to be balance, balance, balance. Make sure you take at least one day for yourself 
@Artytypes Buy another one 
Hold your own, know your own, go your own way!!...  
Lol! Go back to bed!! 
Just attended a funeral of a young man,23, who committed suicide 3 days ago, leaving behind 2 children.'Sign',Be grateful you are alive. 
Everyone enjoy the long weekend!!!  Stay safe 
Yawn...Buy one get one free rants  come see me
@annapod And you will achieve it. Soon! Stay focused on the brass ring. 
@nicktaylor3 have a good time. Make sure you have some Ale, puds and grumble about the price of things now-a-days 
Go follow @L2Lapparel please and thank you! 
Make sure yall follow @MimiNow 
@HappyTown09 Sign of the times? Last week at boy's t-ball game, coach asked the time and everyone fumbled for their cell phones 
http://twitpic.com/5otu0 - Yaaay hair is done! Step 2 is make up 
@highonhealth Go the new boots!  And some sexy leggings and a short knit dress... 
Swim for an hour. Shower. Enjoy the quiet while adding pages to WIP. Pick up 4-yr-old and get ready for noise overload. 
On the way home, just over two hours to go, might hey back for usual work finish time. Bring on the weekend 
Headed to first day of official work!! YAY!! Pay day today too!! 
Happy Follow Friday!  Don't be a lazy ass.  Find out who I follow by yourselves. You're not THAT helpless.  
Leave today to go home, cobleskill, it's been fun, but now i need to go to Oneonta! 
@ChefPaul10 LOL that works for me!!!!!  Serve it up 
@alievans719 Go do that. 
@Sammyruth Start with the box for Rumble. Be sure to drill the air holes in the box before you put her in, not after 
@courosa Make sure you bookmark that tweet. It'll be good to put in her graduation book. 
Same goes for email addresses. Use discretion people 
@bigskyuniverse You crack me up. Make sure to sport a visor or hat or something. 
Allow this!! I'm going to session the gym later 
@jordanknight  Make sure you stretch 
@jordanknight Go and shake that booty! Tell your bro and Danny I said hello! 
#followfriday this inspiring tweetie  @Drop150
@simplyplaced Go, girl! I'm not even going to ask what it is b/c I know what my mile time is 
@basantam Hold on pls! 
What 1 thing could you do today to &quot;Be the change.....&quot;? The only thing stopping you from doing it, is YOU! 
Excellent time Go-Karting my friends, must do it again some time! Even if I did get a god-awful result.. never mind! 
@GabeBourland nice! Go low! 
@kittynel Go ahead. I saw it at least 10 times. 
@Gazmaz Hold  you're  nose and blow hard while standing on just your left leg.. that should get the dvd out.. 
Just Might Be Paranoid.(: Barbacue Tomorrrow. Should Be Fun! 
Make that lazy 5 ranch 
@williamramos Lets Go!...I Like Museums. 
That beat is so crazy @songzYuuup Stop biting you fingers. Get a tooth pick.  Dr. Orders
@joceffvan hear hear  Go Adam 
@RobFelber I believe! Bring the boys home. 
@MyssAlias lol. You're the manager. Make her work.  
@chloelisabeth I just realized that everyone I know is pretty much a couple. Huge fail!! Go go gadget single life 
Go0dNiGht eVeRyBoDy!!!! 
Zomg our house smells like eggrolls. Go weeaboo house! Asain food makes great air freshener 
@LisaHumphries - Upload it three-four times. Swear it works after a few tries.  It's just being a bit delicate these days.
@Mdlstudio2008 See you all soon then!  #4Words2Pray Always drive with ALOHA !! http://twitpic.com/4rqbw #AlohaHard 
Building a fanbase, check out my blog at http://jameshughesblog.com . Leave a comment if you have a spare minute 
@mileycyrus You shouldn't let them get to you. They mean nothing and shouldn't ruin a single moment.. Ignore them and live your life! 
@ZenMonkey Make sure something squishy of theirs is in the way when the gate slams shut. The Celebritweeters will reap what they sow. 
@ArtByChrysti It is a completely reasonable fear. Use heavy weights. Don't set up if bad weather is expected. Luck helps too. 
@camanomade Right on! Buy local, buy handmade, and recycle/reuse by crocheting instead of buying. 
@bored_at_work Put your knickers on, and make me a cup of tea 
Off to bed for me!  Make sure you join our challenge  Thanks for being so FABULOUS!  www.weightlosswiththefabulousfatties.wordpress.com
Life is so exciting! Get to see my boyfriend tonight PLUS Asha, my cat, is recovering from her injury. I am very blessed! Play time now. 
@Jeasyweezybaby Go to it.. It works!!  Bcuz I doubt I know what you meant with the limewire situation... It slowed my computer down!!
@MaraBG Be prepared for a long wait... 
Leave it to my dog to be a fan of imported Brie... like daddy like puppy 
Stick wars 
@itsderek We have lots of surprises up our sleeves! Stay tuned 
@myloveshine which is your favorite song in that btw? I love the final dance song and &quot;Stay just a lil bit longer&quot; 
Let's Get YOUR Business/Organization Name Circulating InOVER 940,000 Websites LOCALLY!!! http://budurl.com/RoyalReality WhenShallWeTalk?! 
Started Wintergirls already. Is really good. Go buy, then read, then tell me what you think. 
Go Cavs!!! Going to bed happy!! Sweet dreams twits 
http://twitpic.com/65vk4 - Getting Ready to Rock Da Spot! Be sure to come out! Ladies free before 10:30! $5 Cover. 
@davewiner http:/www.decisionengine.com. Go look at the video- that's the pitch. The product isn't public yet, but will be soon. 
Ignore this post. Just testing my facebook app. 
@tommcfly Write a song  is better ;)
@tommcfly Write a song!!! 
daniel75o is a good friend of mine! Hes really cool! Go Sub to him  http://bit.ly/dmZYx
@ScurvyJake Make mine a double!! 
@mbookspan They are letting me test drive it for a few days...   but I hurt my back getting the dang thing up the stairs! Go figure!
@kaylejv --That's bc you don't have any friends to play with yet. Start following and be followed.  I heard u were in a boyband??
@GinaLaGuardia Hang in there! 
@mybadkitty Go to bed, missy!! 
So much fun at the banquet...rocked at volleyball!!! Go freshies plus pasko 
Err is human...Air is LeBron...Go Cavaliers Go!!!!!! yeah  
@lynn_s mmm cheetos ... it'll be like the cheeto fairy. Leave them under the keyboard and I'll leave you change. 
@elperurican You dont need sleep! You're on vacation. Stay up all nite 
@circasurvive http://twitpic.com/65xje - Bring on the melting!!!! 
@mrdumbapples oniichan? Haha. lol. Eat na Kiah. Eat Eat Eat eat. 
@selenagomez Last day of shooting for what? ... and dont cry... Stay positive 
@micah You *still* pushing that #followfriday thing? It's like that old rusted out car that you don't want to give up, ya? Put er down 
@LuvinMeSomeD Aw thanks Mindyyyy  I'll miss ya too!! Hold down the fort for me while I'm gone! haha.. ttya when i get back!! &lt;3
@GakuRabu Nevar! Spend it all.. that's what money is there for! 
@tole_cover: Insert three blocks into every current block of Chicagoland. Subtract a relatively efficient transit system. Make sense? 
ready to Go-Kart today in the evening 
goood morning  Start the last day at work, baked such a greaat cake haha, I hope nobody is poisoned therefore ;)
@Magro Start your own. 
Pay day tomorrow!!  lovely.
just got back from the most amazing show ever! gah i love eye alaska  going to bed now..nightey night! ...Roll right over...;]
i need my 90210 fix before i can start on homework! Hurry and finish downloading plz! and am waiting for merlin to download too  yey. TV!!
@lovehound Leave it to @SillyPhylly to be on top of stuff!  #BAM
I'll be out for a while.I'm going to eat and maybe drink some coffee.Be back in a few! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS You guys have been busy tweeting, and I always happily sleep through everything....Bring on the competition! 
doing a book cover for a Photobook &quot;Shoot to Move the Nation&quot; 
Make that 19 degrees 
@shmorhay If they don't offer any services - that's pointless, if they do - it's illegal. Go figure! 
Better late than never. Finally found out how to hide panels you don't need in Lightroom (like Split Toning). Try a right-click 
Have a new myspace! www.myspace.com/457609753 Go for it! 
@norada aww fail. You were in the top 3! You could be a prizewinner! Make sure you get one in next week 
About to start the branding process for a Personal Licence Provider  Bring on the bevvies!
Arran holiday accommodation. Bring your dog!  http://www.arran-hideaways.co.uk
@scopedj Succes met je presentatie ouwe! Kick some azz! 
@_Weebs i didn't want to leave my bed this morning either ahahaha. Go ooon you know you want to sleeeep 
@allyOliverio lmao you're a typical italain  Bring me sooooome!
