Most common words for this cluster:
[('go', 890), ('na', 438), ('ta', 162), ('home', 81), ('walk', 73), ('stay', 47), ('school', 42), ('work', 39), ('lol', 39), ('today', 30), ('tomorrow', 29), ('u', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'go', 0.8684176206588745), (u'Cassell_chirped', 0.6416428685188293), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.6162617206573486), (u'come', 0.6150215268135071), (u'going', 0.6139264702796936), (u'Tonight_Vanish', 0.6073663234710693), (u'do', 0.6047661900520325), (u'get', 0.6025000214576721), (u'I\u0101', 0.5963080525398254), (u'Ding_dang', 0.5950103402137756)]





@kristencampisi is this it 4 u? Its ' officially over ' 4 me this go round! 
@wtfanabel nite!! I still cant go to sleep. 
its 3:24pm here, and i dont wanna go to chemistry course.. i dont wanna meet jordi! thats the main reason.. 
just been given ma marching orders, gotta go do some work, yay 
just been given ma marching orders, gotta go do some work, yay  
just been given ma marching orders, gotta go do some work, yay.........  
I am really tired but cant go to sleep 
@rgdub. Yes! I really wanna go bad but I have to work 
I was gonna go dig up some stumps yesterday, then it snowed! after a month of 50 degree temps, it's back to 30s and snow! 
where did spring go?? 
Ugh I feel like death. I just wanna go back to sleep, the only thing making me go to school is dumb precal quiz 
@GirlsGoneChild i'm sorry... go hold that little fable and inhale. feel better, sweet rebecca... 
wake up late - check eat coco pops - check shower - check sit refreshing social networks - check cleaning and ironing -  booooo
@MattTarrant yeh that was the only helpful thing i found but no go  i guess it must just be the area i'm in. will try it when i go home
@zoolynegron i'll pay for your ticket, and you can pay me back. i dont wanna go alone 
@TreoBenny There *should* be a go to top option, but not one that I know of 
ughhh.. i gotta go to work soon 
@badler82 no go  if only it were tomorrrrooooowwwww
sooo.... tired....... i have 2 get ready 2go bbysit at one tho 
ahha, back from walk. was tres cold 
I love you please dont leave 
wellll, i was gonna go see fall out boy today, but its postponed because the rain  laaaameee
im gonna go and eat...i have school tomorrow 
A walk to remember  So sad but so beautiful
A walk to remember 
Always sad to see boy leave 
haha i am sooo incredibly bored and i dont wanna go to bed. 
im so not in the mood for work today i dont wanna go 
I am stuck in the city y is the holland tunnel closed! I just wanna go bac to jersey 
gotta go shortly 
How is everyone this beautiful morning? Lol off to work like me!?  boo wanna go to the park man! X x
80 followers, thankyou! I'm now going to make some toast... go to tesco... see becci... sleep... then college, fun 
I really wanna go play in the sunshine! 
havent gone to sleep yet  got back from my 2 hour walk and not even tired
thinking of how much i dont wanna go back 2 work 2morrow 
@JerseyJoeyGirl lol i really wanna go to the today show but i don't think i can swing it 
@GreeNegGzNhAM yeah... let's go find some new good guys. oh wait. they really do not exist! ugh. so blown. 
i dont wanna go to work tommorrow 
where did easter go  
fuuuuuckkkkkkk! I just made a to do list to see how much shit I have to do..... 14 things!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhh I just wanna go swimming 
 I feel so fucking pukeyyyyy ughhhhhhhhhh... I just wanna go home and lay in bed -_-
@TramJonas i gotta go  Kisses ! see you tomorow ;)
- ... wide awake, but dont actually wanna go to school :S  xxx
i dont wanna go to work in 5 hours 
@RyanSeacrest @aplusk i deffinately kno what u mean man.. i gotta get up for school  ... were did the weekend go!!!!!!!
k gonna go try and sleep again  lol its after 5 am now!!! hope dont sleep the day away!!!
mollie needs a walk  seriously cba.
where did the sunshine go.....    
@libertyluver come sit by me 
@hollyxgoldyy LOL I soo wanna go see them 
I'm so mean  wtf! i miss how i used to be =/ i gotta go back to those days. 
is tired but cant go to sleep..thinking about him and wishing he was here 
@TehDrunknMunky oh no is it cold outside? i was gonna go for a run  no not got it fixed yet 
have this really weird/bad feeling  go awayy!
I don't have shoes that go with my new dress  I'm wearing it anyway, I don't care
wasting my time changing for school ... i dont even wanna go 
Just woke up wanna go back to bed 
@awarenessnow .... gave them a go, but nope, still not doing it  ... 
Late nite still gotta go to work 
I feel like snackin myself but I gotta go all the way to the first floor I'm on floor 3 
wishes the sun would come out - wanna go out and chillax 
Off for a run, then to help the bro-in-law move. 
is so fucking tired. I just wanna go to bed 
achey neck  gonna get in bath, go to mark's to drop something off, then go into leeds to meet at bus station and that (Y) x
I think I'm finally gonna go to sleep. I wish @swallowreds would wakeup and come in here and play 
i wished nexus didnt go so soon. i have so much to share and i feel so alone its not cool 
18 minutes until i gotta go to work 
@therealsavannah im so bummed. i was gonna come out today, cause you told me 'bout your concert, but i dont have a ride 
@CarterRonson which 1 u at  i gotta go make a run 2 1  
@erickimberlin I thought we were gonna go on the rides together? 
i just realized i'm only 1/4 filipino, therefore only 1/4 as great as manny paquiao.  ....and now sad. go manny!
gotta go to bed. i got my cousins baptism in the morning 
i super wanna go home 
Finally got 2sit down n hv my meal. Wld like 2go 4a massage 2ease my aching back.. 
Maaaaaaan they booked the wrong go-kart track 
At work but i just wanna go home 
woke up 2 early and cant go bck to sleep 
so, so tired.  back to work tom. sigh! as usual, where did the long weekend go?
@mileycyrus sure, i really wanna go but its too far  Like u ;)
I hate seeing a semi final go to penalty kicks......  
cabin meeting with the fam, gotta go get ready. still feelin sick 
@cezarate haha yup  ugh i dont wanna go to school tommorrow 
@jakfury take pearla for a walk  she'll be sad if you don't.
Wth? I can't believe it's going to be 9p, where did 8p go? 
@Iamlegend01 wow .) the new one, he bold, is awesome!!!!! 10 minutes and i gotta go 
@welp noooooooo, stay 
so much to do and I just wanna go to sleep 
Where did the forum go?? 
gotta go to work soon.....damn it I would love to stay at home in my bed lol  peace out!
so ... the great dane puppy is a no go ... 
sitting, gotta go to school what a total bummer 
gotta go to sleep now.. waited for nothing. 
I'm  gonna go lay down and be sick. 
I survived! Now its 5 hrs of sleep n i gotta go back 
Gahh mums making me go to the city, I just wanna go home and sleep 
@degolas im sorry about what happend  stay strong !
going to sleep. i got myy boo-boo byy myy side. i dont wanna go bakk tomorro. i just wanna come home for good ahready. 
off to work sooon .. its to cold i dnt wanna go 
yup dinner was a wash out - stomach is churning - still gotta go in to work tomorrow 
i fell asleep, so lowyatt was a no-go. 
i really wanna go to la salle  but my dad insists that i must study in an engineering school wuhuhuuhuhuhu
@MButtigieg yeh? niice! i didnt realise i loved so many of their classics. i think il go to the next concert but wont be for a few years 
@ruskie818 my frens used 2 liv near there, few cool hang out places around. EastLDN line been shut dow make it not easy 2 go there nymore 
@TheHyra  how far a walk is it?
leave me alone grrrr  
Why won't the deinterlacing go away?  1999 for the lose.
Why won't the _interlacing_ go away?  1999 for the lose.
Really gotta go  will tweet from the bus...laters x
 where did my pookie go?
aw. i'm actually sad to see danny go 
sad to see danny gokey leave 
so sad to see danny gokey go 
I literally feel sick without him...I hate that we can't be together...I just miss him so much! I'm gonna go curl into a ball and cry 
is still waiting for @o2litmus to let me have a go... 
I wanna cry. I just wanna go home and lay in my bed.   this is exactly why I don't ever leave my house.
ughh!i really wanna go to david cook &amp; david archuleta's concert 
@ltd7900 me neither, and i'm super dupe busy got 300+ vms *smh* i gotta go through and return calls, i'm tired dude 
@xCaseyMariex i was gonna go to the sunny coast one but that was cancelled to 
i just wanna go to the concert. 
is up &amp; not wanting ot go to work!!!!! 
i just wanna go home instead of skewl 
woke up later again.   gotta go to bed earlier. . damn book keeping me up. . .
as much as i dont wanna go to johor, i have no choice! 
A mad obese lady just watched me pee.  i feel so ... Just ... I kinda wanna go home.
i gotta go to the bed  ...well i have some fun tonight! YEY!..
@rachDA07: you're so lucky. you could see archuleta and cook yesterday. I really want to see them too but the didnt go to my country 
i am soooo cold and tired and sick  i dnt wanna go to school 2morrow
i dont wanna go to school tomorrow .. i want to stay home forever  and never have to go to that repulsive place again 
I think I am gonna go back to bed and try to wake up again..maybe i will feel better 
I jut woke up....so tired! cant go back to bed 
@laurakaye09 At this stage, yes, it's a no go. 
@TopNotchModel08 yeah I got quick nap in. now I gotta go to work 
sad to see my marymo leave. 
i just woke up(: crazy night. i am gonna go visit my nephew he is really sick 
ughh i got the cold  i was gonna go to art on the square but i dont feel good so never mind that.
@hdaboss no i saw, i wasn't sure if it was YOU! umm. i can't D/M you its not on your profile  go to your settings
i feel sick, i dont wanna go to college tommorow 
cannot go boating, the boat wont go.  
@sonnyjoeflangan hey how'd the shoot go on saturday been better if i got in 
ugh my tummy hurts  i dont wanna go to my workexperience...but i cant stay home haha bleghhh
@pascale_oswald I feel the same, I think im actually having a ' go f*ck yourself' day 
@ay_be_baby - i never got it.  i wanted to go and iuno if jamie went, she said he gf didnt go to stuff like tht but we were gonna go 
@AnnelieSch26 its way too early here I dont wanna go to work 
bout ta go to school..........   
just woke up. now i gotta go to school 
@lipserviceradio wish I could now I gotta go to school 
#3turnoffwords I gotta go to work in 10 minutes 
@sabrinal i am not gonna sit here and debate with u lol, i gotta get ready for work  lol
there's a dog outside crying, &amp; I just wanna go hug it. it sounds so sad. 
illl! photoshoot didnt go to well tbh 
just have to let her go..... 
i do NOT like school at all.... i just wanna go home. friday needs to come nowwwww. 
back hurts, brain hurts, hurties hurt. wanna go home, but not looking forward to traffic.  Where's that knight, he should be along soon?
@Riskybusinessmb we just got here and youre gone 
but I dont wanna go to work  would rather stay at home and sing all day!
@jmenck didn't make it  sad about it! Where did y'all go after and why wasn't I called? Wouldve loved to claim y'all in public!
noo  gotta go to the dentist in a few hours !
@letmesign  you should buy one of those external pack things you can get for it. I need to go take J out hun, speak later!
i really wanna go to the sway sway tour 
@xbllygbsn tried downloading sims 2 ? ;). aaah  go get food :$ so's mine actually 
today I'm gonna go outside in hopes that fresh air will cure me of whatever I may have. symptoms now include nosebleeds 
is sad because her parents wont let her go out 
gotta go now  still have sooo much on my to do list ..  C U later twitters ... xoxo
I have a cold  I'm also at work on a 16 hr double... go home early? na, it'll be hard, but it won't kill me... damn rain.
Uggghhh I just wanna go back to sleepppp! 
Lovely. I just got sick. I just wanna go home and go to bed. 
I'm gonna go work now. I dry my tears cause of @jaycantu 
So the doctor thinks i have food poisoning wtf? I gotta go to hospital 
doesnt wanna go to the gym 
im getting a coldddd  cough coughh! better go get ready seen as megan said go to hers for 5pm...so not going to happen :|
rather be a springroll in the blanky than go to uni.  so cold!!!
i gotta get up super early......but i dont wanna go to bed... 
I dont wanna go to workkkk  booooooooooo
Not feeling well gotta go 2 work 2moz  having the boss come out and watching us arrrghh
i seriously cant walk now  and idk how ima go to da interview tomoro
@DollFaceNerd me too probably. i dont wanna go back though 
okay gotta go and eat those eggs before they're all gone  nooo
where's my summer gone? It's grotty out there.  soft play ce matin
i gotta go  good byee!!! have a great day!
I'm bout 2 go lay down....my ibuprofen and orajel is wearing off 
i have to go potty  but cnt move!!
why is it when I seriously wanna go to sleep I always have too much on my mind to sleep 
@JazzyPrincess I really wanna go 
ooh i feel so sleepy... its 10:24 a.m. and i dont wanna go to school 2day  but i have to...
awe.. gotta go.. my mom commands me to sleep already.. 
heyyy where'd my tweet go?  *shouts to @fuseboxradio bc her lists are always amazing!
@JaredDouglas i'm still awake, coulnd't go back to sleep 
6:29 pm - ok, let's go now through #bowman #strategicClock but first.. a break :-0 aargh.. tired 
@Dangrmous where my terri go? 
ii wanna go home for thee weekend  but ii have no gas. sukks (_!_)!!
@jerseymoongirl - I'm hoping these pills will do something, cuz I'm gonna go nuts 
@dash_cunning I gotta go to my cousin's grad party 
where did @poonstabby go???  
@KiwiiKink was it for the vma's? i guess so.. also wanna go to london in june for demi lovato concert, but no one's going with me 
dad wants the computer, so I'd best be off  taking my lapity-topity to a mac specialist tomorrow, hopefully they make teh owwie go awayz
@kezzawezz i want 2 but i dinna hink it'll get shown in elgin n got nae1 2 go with(n)  
getting ready for work. boohoohoo i dont wanna go to work! 
@michellecpa  ugh headache   i just wanna go home  
@chrisettefan yep. gotta go  man! i'll ttyl . . . eventually . . . sometime . . . in the future . . . hopefully . . . soon. ~ ~ ~
@glasgirl @sallyslytherin amason seems to think hamburger a-go-gos don't get it till october! well now.... 
im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis
Were at citibank I thought we were gonna go to grannys house but were no 
flipping out on my hairloss....gotta go to the doc. 
is bored, cant go on habbo stupid ban 
I'm all stuffted up but I gotta gets up &amp; go netball 
sooo hungry but not to sure that its a go idea before ab condition sesh 
@jmarie1074 oh, and the knee.. no good.. it gave out after about a mile.. gotta go get it checked out.. 
good nightyy twitterworld... i'm gonna go chill w/ my mommy and magazines and 4get about my eyebrow! 
Y won't my  go away
I dont wanna go to study today, but but.....no choice, I have to. 
uhhh letting go of puppies is so hard to dooo  cryy booohoooo!
@e_lee2008 ugh that aint fair get me in for free too! i dnt have $12  but im a send u my # on fb call me 2mrw cuz i really wanna go
just got home... gee, I'm stuffed again... gotta go on diet next 6 days 
@GensRabbitHole I was just gonna go talk to u on aim but ur away 
@addison_l Sounds good! Where'd the podcast go? 
I'm gonna go ahead and change that  to a 
@iAlex94 But i don't need protecting... I'm not gonna go off and have sex or anything!!! 
But I dun wanna go to bed 
I really wanna go camping. 
I'd rather go back to bed instead of go to work 
@bomdominique. remember. i was stuck @ my granma's house. then didnt go cause i get sick. i didnt even went to manila! i missed 1 trip 
@zootout i'd love to go.. but i cant afford to get up there and stay 
Off out for [another] walk. Its too hot 
I hate to wake up in the mid of the nite and then cant go back to bed..sucks 
@tylershamy dang it! i was gonna go cause it was literally 5 minutes from my house 
I'm sick, and yet I gotta go to work 
Feeling sorry for myself co's i'v hurt my foot and i so wanna go out and can't 
where did my pic go 
I'm bout 2go smoke. I'm not an addict. I just need my medicine. I wanna drink, but I'd hate 2 work myself up sexually 4 a let down. 
@ChocMarshmallow gotta go and help with the food.. -.- miss you @wafflesWithJam and @chocmarsmallow 
I can't get enough lemonade tycoon ahhh! Where'd the beautiful morning go??  #fb
Has a feelig her step dad is gonna come in at any minute and try to make her go home! 
 mega downpour... its go 45 mins to stop.... or no coaster for me.
I fon't wanna go to class guys   
i really dont want to be at work today... i just wanna go back to bed 
@1_pink_fan cool x go back to school on wednesday 
I really wanna go see a movie, but I hafta work 
gotta go to work 
http://twitpic.com/69s22 - More water taking over my walk 
@MiisztaDameT  really? I'm sad now. I dnt wanna go out! I have to find an alternative to 2020!
i just wanna go homeeeeeeee  wtffff
I am making myself sick. I just wanna go home but i can't 
em in hand, no waiting-can't get away from skool 2 go  my loss is ur gain, act now!!!
Gots lots to think about,  well gonna go watch some TV.
@williamsyms yayy...how long r u gona b here for? And clearly vegas is a no go for me 
ugh cant go to ChellyPro's @chelLAY  bday, got familia things to do 
Ugh i just wanna go home and lay down  fml
Off work....yay me...gotta go baq 2moro 
After everything I did for him, he's ignoring me yet again. Fml &lt;/3 now I gotta go to stupid work 
oh well...i dident wanna go any way...i thiink...well i realy did wanna go but i got to forget about it sence i cant 
was on the go and had to get subway  at least it's delicious
gotta go work soon 
Going to see wolverine with @charp later this arvo, was gonna go to mini ptub but can't make it, will have 2 raincheck till the next one 
I miss you too  I think I'm gonna leave its taking too long.
kohesion: how do drunkenness go away? 
were did my ride go 
sad cant go to @haiinas and @eyelems place 
sad cant go to @haiina s and @eyelem s place 
I made the chocolate flakes go everywhere 
where did @thisstarchild go? 
@MeshMeshEre  ikr  i dont wanna go school suckss 2 more weeks til wembley though woo x
i dont wanna go back to schoooool 
why didnt he treat me so nice ? like he treat her , i want you so badly  dont go!
i really wanna go out tomorrow  hopefully angie magically comes across this and gets the hint! rawr
im off now byee lol gotta get ready for school tomorrow (N) i dont wanna go back this week has been amazingg  x
i need to get moving so i can get my walk in, have been slacking as of late 
@Polichicks time for you to let comcast go...verizon...direct tv...anyone else. how many missed appointments do u need?! 
@YEBies I gotta go to work soon though (for free) so I won't have time 
@Savfortomorrow yuhhhh, i know! I really wanna go see them too  ahhh, just woke upppp, uber tired.
hey, where'd my background go???? I uploaded new one and not visible now 
@cocoachanel u'll go back  u always do.
@snarfffable  go back to bed and keep dreaming!
paneras wifi went down....WTF???? aaahhhhh!!!! idk what to do now 
sigh, where did my bandana go? 
@MrPaulEvans : I'm having lunch, I really wanna go swimming! But I'm not trying to get all black lol. I saw I missed your call, 
@rosieeejones i am  and i havent finished homework  i dont wanna go back
has everyone gone ?  brb
@NabilaKothawala awe that sucks... I really wanna go but I have to work 
about to get lunch with my parents..so weird I just wanna go home and talk to my bf 
@sarahcotter i reallly wanna go back  its agesss till the next one, unless we get a pub invite lolz
@PeterJDiLorenzo lol really?! the interview at A&amp;F didnt go well? 
My sister just left 2 go back home. Sucks!!  We r gonna miss her 
@NathanaelB how did the sushi go? I've made it a few times but I canna get the hang of rolling it so the filling stays in the middle 
@tommcfly pleeease, stay here forever  (2)
I kinda wanna go to blvd but my feet hurt so bad lol I didn't get a break today  these people had me working like a slave
@tabard I did call, no go. 
ugh i just wanna go live but i can't 
is ging for a run!!! eek 
dont ever wanna go out until tomorrow 
damn, i thought i had more water in my waterbottle. gotta go to more. 
@Absturbation been trying no answer, it's been fun while I was there guess I gotta go back to crappy site now  I still love ya!
I know i  getting old when i wake up in the middle of the nite go to the bathroom then cant go back to sleep 
i dont wanna go to work!!! 
Trouble with having a week off work you dont wanna go back 
i am so tired i can't freaking walk. i can't take this anymore! i hate you SCHOOOOOL!!! 
feeli like crap!!!!!!!!  just wanna go home
going to my dorm today ... I dont wanna go 
@HearingDogs I really wanna go to the summer fayre but have other plans  please post lots of piccies
I just wanna go back to bed. I kinda feel like if I close my eyes again, work will not happen 
I dont wanna go to work today! 
I made it but I gotta go back on the 26th to replace a filling 
woke up..i gotta go out very soon and do some important shittt, then ill update more tonight so see y'all #pens lost.....damn #redwings 
@stephanie04   just kidding i can wait.    can't wait to see take a ride.
im tired but i just wont and cant go sleep! 
i cant believe nadal lost.  go roddick
god please save my indo credit  i dnt wanna go to summer school
I dont wanna go back to vegas today 
I just had the best nap lol... I wasnt ready to get up but I gotta go to work soon 
think I'm gonna go for a walk and get the mail...gotta walk my doggy first though 
hey, I just cant go to bed mad at you 
@kerinrose crap how do i view that? no go 
@HDOLLAZ lol shut up...nothin here at work sleepy  tired just wanna go home
@RobinHoodlum really?  that sucks. I still wanna go there and try their fish though- have only heard good things til now!
@jennifalconer how did your run go? im waiting on hubby getting back from cycling before i can do mine 
I just wanna go home and jump into a nice bubble bath, but im at work instead  where's serenity when you need it??
1 class down, 1 more to go. Just wanna go home 
Why can't i stop eating? I'm never gonna lose my second stone at this rate. Where has my will power gone? 
where did all the sunshine go 
i really wanna go home 
ughhh i just wanna go home. but it's almost 4:30 and i'm still at schooool 
gotta go work but don't want to  
@ddlovato i really wanna go to your tour! but my mom bought me tickets for jb.  will you be going on tour again?
glad to be of from work....  i dont wanna go back tuesday!!
cant find plane tickets in my price range...   really wanna go home but I hate driving 2 hrs.
Aw albert got an owie  go cardinals!
Going for a longgggggg walk... 
Oh I gotta go to bed. Not looking forward to clinic tomorrow. 
@Evelania 1  but i told my mom i dont wanna go to school..she said shell take me out early.
@patrosal nah we were gonna go to the indoor swap meet, but just found out they close @ 7  so, now we are going to 5 for 10 shirt place...
@weeeek there's no easy /anything/.  I'll be lucky if I graduate 2012 ;__; wanna come see me walk the walk? lol I'll come watch you.
@hesmagicandmyth I'm gonna go watch the cabisodes and cry into my ice cream... 
i gotta  go to the doctor tomorrow 
@morkargo The throw for my bed..I'm no where near done..it's going 2 take like 3 pounds I'm on my 1st 
Going for a walk. 
i've had a headache practically all day.   i'm gonna go to sleep, goodnight everyone!
i just wanna go home 
is on twiter for some reason, gota go now as have got a big exam. and i have just noticed i have lost some followers 
actually i'm at work now  really wanna go homeeeee   
nooo..i maybe cant go to the homeparty  
Brushing my hair. I dont wanna go to school 
Up wayyyyy to early... I really wanna go back to sleep!!! 
@brandystrippers just not gonna go on laptop for a while cuz of brother always having a go at me. i'm gonna miss russells bday 
im gonna go 2 bed i think im tired, an sick  where r my snuggles??
Still at school again!!  wanna go home!!!  xx
I so just wanna go home because I'm tired of being here already. 
It is 93 degrees here &amp; I am sick as hell  I just wanna go float on a lake!
@AngieGriffin What time they go til? I gotta go change...It's hot as hell 
i dont wanna go to work 
i gotta go to bed now guys. yes i know, boohoo.  but i'll see you tomorrow - leave me nice tweets! xo
@omgitsmichaelaa they had to empty slots for it!  I'm gonna go to bestbuy its like nextdoor
@darciakw i know right?! already tried that and rick said no go. 
 Going for a walk...
@Nicolegostek who gives a shittt, just tell shelby that you really dont wanna go. Like your goinn to feel so awkward there yaknow 
I really wanna go to alton towers 
immm really bored. and realllly wanna go to new york 
@terrellowens81 u can always come stay w me..hehe but im n dallas 
@JustinFargas how u gone ask me to tweet u nd not tweet me back  boo on u!!
@mr_billiam I've been trying for weeks to update my background   I'll have another go soon then
Wants to be in the walk that walk video  lol
I got a feeling today isn't gonna go well if i'm late then I'll have to ask if i can reschedule my presentation 
boo to my mac being on a go slow 
Where did the sunshine go???? 
Over it - I guess I just cant go on habbo anymore, ive tried tracert nslookup and pinging, 
mite go for sum drinks 2nite then gna chill out nd get ready to travel 2moz 
specs are a no go! got to send them off somewhere 
@madout1 lol not in the bx so I couldn't make it....sorree  howd the shot ting go...so mad I missed that!!!
@lcreck my sons up beatin me up  u go to sleep
I dont wanna go to the doctor  but hopefully theyll b able to fix me
I gotta go get ready for work. Sausages. 
Where did my confidence go? 
just got back from the gym. taking a shower and then doing my homework i guess  really wanna go shopping!
UGH -goes to science-  &lt;/3 then home &amp; a walk..buhbye
i jus wanna go back to workin at the club  sigh memories
@brockmanj awe you're gonna go right now? That's cool 
physicss.. iw anna go like now 
... I'm gonna go home and cry now 
@thisreal4ever we've gotta make the best of it before it's all gone!  
gotta go get prettied up. switching up my cali license for a lame jersey one today 
@olafsearson cornwall is shit  i'm not even working might go a sit on devons boarder lol x x
Its so yucky outside   I dun even wanna go out...
@ATrain983 deeeeeyum! U gotta stay off the dance floor too. Sounds shitty 
Just had 2 walk home in the rain  lol get @ mi
wants to go to the london summit and cant go  #marsiscomming
@laurarose15  stay strong, and hopefully i'll talk to you soon x
@fallenfrommars oh yes, I remember  that's kind of sucky! well.. tomorrow i'm gonna go shopping and then i gotta go to an uncle's b-day
@CreativeWolf been trying.. but i gotta go to work tomo..on a sat 
Graduation was a no go. 
@RightHereWithMe I'll tell u tomorrow, I gotta go now  I'm sorry! I love you!!
hanging out. prolly gonna go lay down for a lil bit, i got a headache. 
is so hungry theres no food in the house and i dont wanna go to phoenix 
@LianneFarbes hey chica! i'm going to have to miss this go 'round... thought i was going to be able to make it, but i can't now 
@ItsChelseaStaub so sad I can't be at mitchels concert I was gonna go but I cant find a ride  and I couldve seen you too. I'm crying
bored  anyone wanna spend the nights than go too the courts with me , kelsey and ivory and maybe jael?
@louiealdip YEAhhh i am . but i dont wanna go to school yettt 
stay with me now 
only 4more days till school. N i dont kno if ill B able 2go, grant money hasnt come N yet  im ready 2start college N its holding me back
I'm do nauseated I just want to crawl in bed and stay there. 
@thedebbyryan http://twitpic.com/6q2q9 - awesome. i wish i was there. i was gonna go, but i couldnt find a ride. which totally sucked 
So tired but cant go to sleep. . . . . . .  
seriously, where did my charger go? 
*walk to work 
What happened to summer? The rain is pouringgg! I gotta go out in that soon! 
i dont wanna go to work 
Now it's fucking begins to rain, just when I  wanted to go out and go for a walk!! 
sickness is not fun same goes for a screwed up back 
bored i the house its raining and no one want 2 go out 
im really really really really really super tired.  i dont wanna go to school..
I'm feeling sick...just wanna go to bed and sleep...but there's so much stuff to do 
just got home from sency, honestly i still wanna go with them 
has to go to wrk in 40 mins  !!! i dini wanna go i wnt to tweet instead !!!!
i want to go outside and play.. can you believe these two wanna stay inside?!?! HUMPH! 
for once i dont wanna go to work... 
80 and sunny to bad I gotta go to work.........indoors 
@adriolivera and now alexis cant go either 
now i gotta go back to work. 
@ZRHERO  was being sarcastic she got dragged 2 blackpool when she didnt want 2 go lol and her battery has gone so she cnt txt me  bored...
cory i love u and miss you, its hard to believe ur gone...     kahner and joey stay strong you will be better soon enough! i love you all.
@GlamorouslyFab u shouldnt leave 
I really wanna go to rainforest cafe. 
@ModernSassy girrrrllll I got you... Lol but ur the only one that replied so far, so I don't think its a go 
i'm gonna go crazy from being home alone on a saturday... WTF! 
@ihatebikes trails vs. $$$$ - u are right....ill prob go....but have been hit with about $700 in unforeseen bills this month.... 
@hautecoutureash yep shake your head @sbsisi she deserves it.   I'm gonna go cry now
was a lie, I love them ^ but I am tired and I gotta go, I would love to write but can not   Byee
I wanna crawl under a rock and stay there 
well its raining... wish it wasn't wanna go boating again. no one to hang with this weekend 
It's too hot to walk anywhere  *burns to crisp*
studying my butt off!! i really wanna go ouut 
@cbmoxon oh no!  go to roxy tonight!
im sad today i was gonna go to da pool but it started raining so i couldnt go 
So mad im not 21  ((cnt go see tha prettyricky show tonight 
yay my sunburn is nearly all gone , but boooo no one that i actually wanna talk to is on msn 
@mostlovefreely so i think im a no go as well  im sorry i know u really wanted 2 go, mayb we can do a trip in august
@mariiannalove awwweee. yeer goona leave me ?  sorry taht was a late replay -.-'
@JGeexO I actually wanna go back to work on mondaii , seemed like i was having more fun there then now 
so tired and i dont wanna go to work tomorrow 
this is the last day. still i dont wanna go to school 
just woke up, still tired  but really wanna go out!
is going on a walk. i feel like it should be raining. but its phoenix, it never rains.  ugh. well keep trugging along
@MileyDemiFans oh k cool i so badly wanna go 2 the states so i can go 2 one of demis concerts but that will never happen 
probably gonna give in &amp; go to the doc tomorrow. if they don't give me drugs for pain I might shoot myself  
@lalavazquez http://twitpic.com/453ry - I want those but im damn near 8 months preggy so no go for me 
@sunny525 Socks are secretly planning to take over the world. Some go out on missions.. and don't return... &lt;sad&gt; 
i'm gonna go to bed i think i'm sick! 
Hellla not feeling good  I wanna be home home hhzuiwjsjk go awayyyy migraneeeee. U have no clue how painful it is rawwrr
I wish @iamjazmine didnt go to sleep  now im reminiscing by myself!
@gfalcone601 if i could, i'll go with you! 
@flyknocka no1 wanted 2 go with me punk  I'm at randalls now come through
@THETRANSFER ahh im guessing u go for the tigers hehe, here we can only see the game on cable 
SO don not wanna go to school tommorrow!!!! 
At the airport boarding go like 15 minutes  im going to miss sydney. X
@jbmcdlts , heya i hear u cant go to eoghan either go us 
capeeeeeeeeek, push up muluuuuu di camp pringayu  untung udah ngga push up, tp camp sick
I'm gonna go grab somethin' to eat.................hungry... 
No sleep for no reason, didn't even go out n now I gotta go w @lusciiousjean to visit her brother upstate... Too tired for alla this 
I think I gotta go now...sleep a little...'cause I got a bad cold 
back home now had some lunch. now i really just wanna go to bed but got things to do ppl to see ;(  
@ikilan LOL i think i'mma pass on that one  still don't know what to get though. my options aren't limited enough and i gotta choose! lol
i dont wanna go to work............ 
now she said, &quot;where go trower. all go&quot; = where go controller. all gone. And now she's crying. 
i dont wanna go home  &lt;3
i just wanna go home 
@Bensue where has ur fb gone? 
Just started my walk, it is raining 
i gotta go. my parents are angry with me and it's too sad. bye world. being famous will remain only a dream 
@emzyjonas im getting mine on friday i hope they dont all go 
gotta go... my mom wants me to work... blah 
dont wanna go to workkkkkk 
@wynchester76 they're always gonna go before you   she is precious though...and i think i saw your poodle in the background, so cute!!!
up at 2.40 and cant go back to bed 
@JELuttrull no (: ah well. i gotta stop crying now... cant go to work miserable like that tmrw  good night
parents are really annoying.. cant go 2 releves recital now 
nooo sore throat! go awaaayyyyyy   
i reaaaaaally wanna go to the beach 
@holliesauvage @Fletch92 You two are leaving me out  I'm gonna go kill myself now... hurt my feelings  lol!
@skinnyninny i dont wanna go back  allison hates me.
im so sad, i really wanna go see musiq soulchild, 
Finals at school all this week  I'm gonna go crazy.
I just wanna go home. 
@CAlexisCastillo why cant u go to the concert? 
When I say sit back! U say relax!..... Oops... I forgot to say sit back  I had a funny performance
@NicoleBrasfield the nprians are going to see it tonight.  let's go asap!
@ognightmix no go on mighty muggs. 
if I say to u: I love u...u stay with me babe? 
taking a walk to do some thinking.... 
I want a walk to remember on dvd... 
YLet's go @Lakers!!!  I'm pissed at myself..my @LukeWalton4 jersey is dirty 
@theamandamancan d00d i just read this i wish i would have seen it earlier my walk was scary  it would have been much better with you!!
@mileycyrus dude are you okay?  stay strong.
still gotta go shower 
@tommcfly noooooo tommy, stay here, please 
Eating pancakes wacthing the rest of this game. I gotta go register for school tomorrow  I dont even have the energy. #summerschool
she said i could but not till im 18 fot some reason. lameee! i just wanna go homeee 
back from the party couldnt stay  gotta go to camp in the a.m.
Catilina=no go too cold  now I need somethin to do
I'm gonna go try to s l e e p. It feels incredibly impossible though. 
tried playing shimmy a go go on guitar...too hard 
@theemilysnyder  wanna come to california and i get a ticket for you?
barely saw her batchmates this summer  now i actually wanna go to school.
NO!! po is still in masterchef  the other two are basing their lives on this when she is already an artist - go away po
Hey, where did all my biscuits go? Who ate an entire pack of them in one go??? ...oh, it was me 
watching the hills..gonna go for a run after, burn of that good bbq food i had yesterday lol..lets see how far i can go..im hangin' 
Just went for a run with gee around pengersss... YaYer. buggered though  Dayuum,,
hanging at university... just wanna go home  #sleepdeprivation
had to much red red wine last nite, gotta go to work hungover.,.not good... 
It's too hot today, just wanna go sleep somewhere cold 
I dont wanna go to work and leave my happy little otalia bubble!!!!!!! 
@lemelpblog yea but after biege chinos it a bit of a struggle, was gonna Q at size for the net/nets but had a wedding 2 go 2 on the sat 
im working at the oasis gig on sat and @fhoxyd cant go so ive to go on my own  anyone else working?
aww  why walk out?
my tv is busted, so i gotta go the living room instead to watch ...whatever's on. I need it to put me to sleeep 
@mairs i know its scary  i gotta go to work too in a bit! x
@ddlovato looked out for you in oxford street, but u obviously didnt go  xx
@SarahSole good, leave and never talk to us again....     (crying)
So not ready 2 go back 2 work 
suuuuuper tired @ work.  I really wanna go tanning.
i'm ill, leave me alone. 
doesnt wanna go to workkkk! 
being sick sucks, I dont wanna go to work 
@Bigstevegee I think I'ma let go of av8 too. They had problems with the site now its down 
@vanessa_pastry no  I feel like I'm too old 2 go now
*wail* where did @perezhilton go 
only 1 night left of dreamhack..  i dont wanna go home... 
i really wanna go to the gym today but i can't find my pass. 
@kitborry i kinda wanna go h2o but fear i will be outed as an emo kid 
 i dont wanna go to work!
@jillybug I have. No go. 
@Sysol well there goes my walk again  i was hoping it would all pass us
@PushPlayCJ I was gonna go to that  I thought it started at like 6:30 have fun!!
I just wanna go home   http://myloc.me/3Y4w
just saw my new school....i dont wanna go here i wanna go to eastmont but i have to be strong for the kids...  !9 days!
doesnt wanna go to workkk! boohoo 
@luckee13 I wish! I think that was my finale for this go 'round.  So sad.   How about you?
Not feeling good... just wanna go home 
at the airport, I really wanna go back down under badly 
@SNRKing2 I'm gonna go with too late in regards to not injuring myself this early...  
man i really wanna go see brothers bloom but i dont think im gonna make it before it leaves the theatre here 
@molz19 got field club passes but my fix are view level  and u wanna stay down here haha
@amylafferty wanna go see dave cook on a monday night with me? 
I dont wanna go to universal studios without @thefamily 
@LetsBHonest12 n st.louis she's not cumin her  me and my cuzin was suppose 2 go 2 the show n chi town but she back out on me
Where did my appetite go? 
@MrSellers i changed plans  but i still wanna go! and my friend drives, so where do you live by?
@BBRRIITTTTYY hey how are you? i gotta go to the vet soon..she isnt doing very good  i gotta get my dogs vaccinated  x
been enjoying my long leave so far. not so complete though. 
awww...i really wanna go somewhere  soo boreedd :/
is taaayyyuurrd. i dont wanna go training today 
wish i was talkin to some1 special.  ugg i just wanna go to school. &lt;- weird!
@joynicole90 i know right wish yu was here but we on our way back now lol!..y yu diddnt come on this trip we woulda been together 
@steeverington I actually fell asleep at quarterpast eleven! still tired now  just gonna come into uni and sit and do it.
@sellelonimous So you're not gonna go to school tomorrow? 
@MattyLeppard yess i have heard of it 20th november right? only issue is is that gwens parents wont let her go  are you good with trains?
@DavidFrancis19 me to but im stuck at home and cant go out to get anything 
is still sat in the walk in centre 
heading out to water my garden, it's doing awesome! unfortunately, then i gotta go to work 
dont wanna go 2 work 
omg i dont wanna go to workplacement 
I must get ready to go out, other halfs mate is taking me for a walk and talk.... dreading it 
@metrostation How about another date in dublin you sold out and i REALLY wanna go 
@captainmorgann I was gonna go to the signing but I can't 
Of course it's shitty out the day i'm gonna go kiyaking!! 
@burythebully  aw if i were in canada i`d def. go see you guys, but im halfway round the world! 
sore throat  where did my airborne go? 
I really wanna go back to bed, but the dogs won't let me 
I just wanna go hommme 
@doodlemanifesto would love to come and doodle but can't unfortunately .. next few tuesdays are no goes either 
eek, my website went down!  now i gotta go check on the server!
@purityring check obnoxious  and sign on in like..3 hours cause i gotta go to school rn
@SophieLee_xo haha! i proper wanna go, i should've got tickets when they went on sale 
so freakin tired!!! i gotta go to band practice tommmorw bright and early! yay 
just finished working out, now I gotta go job hunting 
@NelldaMYLF aww mayne. I was gonna go get one today bt we had two fire alarms and I was tired of running up n down da stairs so stayed in 
i REALLY wanna go play in the rain but i will mess up my hair  Also, rice cakes are my new favorite.
i feel like cryin but i'm 2 weak...I feel like goin out but i'm afraid 2 be seen this way.  I just wanna stay in my room where it's safe.
my ex keeps texting me. and now he's saying that he's gonna go to my work.. fuck 
staff outing was fun... Busboys and Poets is a no-go though 
going to take lexi for a walk and then coming back to study 
A walk to remember made me cry. 
I'm sitting on a merry-go-round all by myself because the other kids don't want to play with me 
@msspleasure yessss i am  i dont even wanna go there ugh
... leave me to die  ...
lost his touch n go 
one hour of freedom left....boooo where has the time gone? I dont wanna go back to work 
Hey @songzyuuup nooooo dont go!!   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
looks like it's a no go for @coldplay for me as well  at least there's @majorlazer and vfest to look forward to!
@eyelidwindows id have school the next day but omg i rly wanna go  they are offish our bbys.  We must see them
Still feel all alone.. I just wanna go home. 
@strangelove09 I soooo wanna go 2nt but I'm beyond beat 
doesnt wanna go to the gym!!!!! 
I miss twittering on the go 
shoot my ipod just died  better go get the cd! ;D
gotta go do some h/work now  , and get some sleep, big game 2morrow!
@GingiePoo lol aight bet. although i reallyyyyyyy wanna go 2 japan 
homework  gonna go into town later, thatll be fun
Oh, it's raining! That means that I couldn't go for a walk 
gotta go and have a shower even tho its peeing down and i cant see myself going out anytime soon 
im gonna go cry and hope hulu puts it up soon 
who's got the record ~ another 2 'horny kitties'!!!  go way, leave me alone!!!!
I so cant go to sleep 
@baaaileyx3 same we normal go about 2ish 
@beckinelson aww i really wanna go 
argh gotta go! stupid science excursion tomorrow!! gotta get up at 5:00am 
@laura820 much be very depressed then if its always raining XD, its raining here too thou, just very boring, carnt go out anywere 
@camcheline 8am and still no luck. I gotta go to work now 
I'm up damn so early  gotta go to the gym..
signing up for a free trip for the @tomsshoes south african shoe drop in oct! id pay for it but spent all my $ going to south am in march 
So freakkin tired i dont wanna go to work 
It's so sad that school and work are my life.. I wanna sleep late, go shopping and party at night... But sadly i'm always tired 
well, six months of trying to get pregnant and still a no go.. what the hell is wrong?? 
@SHIKA3 lol I'm about to find some strength n go to the walk-in for my weesing...  I hate this
@hisyellowbird yes it is. i'm gonna go buy hair dye and then have no money for coffee 
you cant move w your dad to another state! dont leave me 4ever! i loved you from the start and i still do...i still do! 
@brandonbeal well I was assuming I was gonna go home that night lol 
ive gotta go to work in an hour, it wont b done 
@dreaamer bb, i would but I gotta go eat  I'll be quick!
i just wanna go to the pool today. i want to have a bbq party. 
just sick... wanna go home!!!! 
@ddlovato  I wish. When am I ever gonna go to one of your shows?
i wuzz gonna leave work early but since this heffa came back..i gotta stay till 4:40...     
is it time for dinner yet? i just wanna go home 
em she dont wanna go downtown 
@AustinJohnson19 stay strong 
Ah! I dont wanna go to work 
not feelin good ima go lay down 
gotta go work out but is getting lazy 
@warningmark cause id like have to like wake up really early and stay up to drive home but i really wanna go i always go to two also 
@loveshotmen woah woah we gotta go that far???? 
photoshoot cancelled    I'm totally gonna go outside and start punching raindrops in the face.
@DavidTalamelli oooh not a member  went to soccer instead... did your talk go well? You were presenting yes?
@marissaxjanae yes! totally.. that would be cool.. I'll text her or something.. i dont wanna go to practice thursday 
hoping these vitamins help, otherwise I gotta go to the doc to see what is really wrong with me 
where did the day go... i gotta go to bed soon 
@belyh  I hella wanted 2 go there
Just got call from daycare - Dex has had 3 really messy poops, gotta go get him early - this week is challenging, I tell ya 
just being bored... nothing to do... and its so dam hummid outside cant go for a jog around da block 
I feel naked without my book @nattinklesonu ! I'm gonna go back to ur house to get it. I can't go to sleep without it.  
i just wanna go home  homesick worse than ever..
stuck between a rock in a hard place i fill stretched then  i guess u gotta go through hell to get to heaven
@inquisitivejool how did you make your pic go green - i have no clue  I'm using ubuntu
@iggiecyy boohoo!!  haha go find you one dayyyy XD
@djrockc i want to go 4 a walk too!!! Why won't you invite me?? 
bored knt go 2 slp.hope'n sumbody kall me 
anyone wanna come to the gym or go to lunch somewhere? I'm bored at my dads house 
@oeyz no,u should help mee  you promise me remember?ill go with u to c9 if i done my homework XD
why is it raining!!  noo i gotta go to timmies today!!
But really though ! I dont wanna go ! I am tieedd  and I'll be separted all day from my mom!
@deenahdeedoodah has protected her updates? now who will be my go to person for cabbagepatchkissing 
after finding out how much brit tickets are shes realised she wony b able 2 afford 2 go 
I don't want to let Pol Sci 11 go 
so gotta go now...studies first  
I'm up because I was gonna go downtown for part 2 of my shoppin but I seen the rain  so I said forget it @misskingjo
nooooooo i dont wanna go to clinicals  
@luvmymuzic1 I gotta go get some from the store.. 15 min, not enough time...  we're shote, huh? I'll go to wal-mart on lunch and get some
@AnjaDanDelion well i survived, didnt go to well though 
@trvsbrkr i actually think im going 2 cry . i hate living in scotland .apparently im not aloud 2 go 2 america 
it's so hot and I have to learn.  wanna go swimmin'!
I gotta go to work! I'll be off early cuz I gotta go to the dentist... 
@TimahMonae  let's go play paintball
think i'm gonna go for a bath.......head is really starting to ache now 
Is nursing a massive toothache  go away!!!
@wearetheoceans he isn't going to direct transformers 3 if it gets the go ahead!!!!!!  it wont be the same!!!!
wanna just stay home and watch degrassi but i gotta go to work  then the gym
i really wanna go to a concert but there aren't any good ones! aargghh 
I really wanna go to britney again 
done with my work! i'm exausted.. but I really, really wanna go to a party tonight!  can somebody drive me?
Ugh I so wanna go ooooooout now....bored shitless 
Missing my boyfriend  I'm gonna go crazy if this is just the first day
@brandonloves I'm sad I have to work tonight because I really wanna go! 
@mslol4 so more than likely I'm gonna go tomorrow. just gotta find an outfit. unfortunately no word on my car yet 
Arghh, gotta go to work... SO NOT iN THE MOOd 
i dont wanna go to school tomoro  got two tests. aaa fuck.
i dont wanna go to workcamp now...i have to leave my computer at home 
So I was gonna go to a house show tonight, til I blacked out just now. I don't feel good.. it doesn't feel to great falling on your head. 
@mousebudden really?! damn, i was gonna go see that this weekend 
@randbay but 19 is where its at!!!  I guess I gotta go get a new I'd (cough cough)
ARRGHHHHH! wanna go out  bored, cant sleep, just erghhh haha
Working tomorrow, we're starting a bucket check at 9:30 and it will most likely go all the way to 5, if not past that 
Is really really wanna go somewhere place that's far from homee. I'm bored only staying at home and going to the mall. Blahh. 
i want smoothie king but i dont wanna go back out 
@justten you went to a go -go bar and didn't take me 
that was a terrible walk 
i really wanna go to texas &amp; meet robby! 
i really wanna go see wisin &amp; yandel and dance dance dance  they're supposed to be coming to san diego sometime soon, lets hope
Just got back from a walk, missing my woggie though 
Just got home bouta go to bed...missin the bae 
@phamous go out!! It's hot up here 
I am seriously guilty of myself. I lied because I didnt wanna go to er 
Where oh where did ruby go  i feel unsafe now (N)
sun out guess what i gotta go work 
cant think  i just wanna go home
Right, let's go baffle some doctors 
Ughhh gotta go to my dad's house this morning 
@KrystalBoggs I know, right!? as I just said.. now or never! But who pays for it!? I gotta go talk to my bank... 
@roweboat jeaaaalous. I rly wanna go again 
@Dazieh As Fairies go this one seems indestructable  just our bloody luck!
I got nothin to do today... I was gonna go to the movies with maria but I cant  o well things don't always work out like u plan...
@KimSoAmazin iLu! gotta go to work now tho..the last day 
idont whant go to work!!! i just whant stay in bed 
@RachMoon so jealous  go eat at the ivy!
@iliaskount cool, ill answer later tonite... gotta go to oaka 
I just wanna go home. I miss you, you know 
wish it wasn't so crappy outside    iwanna go play in the woods
gettin ready 4 work  i really dont want 2 go!!!
where is the happiness go ? i dont know 
back from washington  gotta go mow the lawn!
ugh i dont wanna go to work 
tweet tweet still at home!!  gotta go soon
I am not feeling good at allll I just wanna stay in the house n rest!!! 
@arepeejee you should be, it's all go up here :p altho, i'm going to run out of money soon, so will be v. painful when i miss everything 
I kinda wanna go outside, but I'd rather not be roasted  This is why I want to go to college where it's cooler and less humid.
@seangrimm you chew them. you didnt throw them away did you?  guess we gotta go back to epcot and buy you more....
So annoyed. i just wanna go home 
@justbill i wanna see 3 doors down  should have went to their show when they were in south africa 
i still am goin to do that but not til 735. i was gonna go to the gym at 3 but got a headache 
@mtrench youre coming to ottawa right? i rly wanna go but i think its sold out 
I was gonna go out clubbing untill I remembered I have no friends 
@ChryssyLynn  me sorries     i gotta go to the grocery store tonight  ugh
jurassic park. I wanna go to the art show!  let's go tomorrow...?
I'm SOOOOOoooooo over this place just wanna go home to my bed 
someone wanna go to pampa for me instead? I have money to make here!!! 
Just woke up from my nap... Not feelin so hot, think I'm gonna lay it back down 
@KylaPratt #dontyouhate when one on one re-run's go off 
@marriemartins no, i'm kidding. stay with me. 
@FRETsetGO  haha!!!  it was yummy! i got a flat and cant go anywhere tonight 
*cries* I just wanna go HOME! 
i srsly gotta go to the chairopractor. my back is bad, but the rest of body is even worse. i sound like a rice crispy when i get outa bed 
awww gotta go to work  i hope u all have a great time at the party! drink some for me&lt;3
Sleepyy !  i duno , i dont wanna go to beeed . 
I just wanna go back home  norcal is so boring! But so is orange county lolol
@kristinfinley I'd give you a go to stroke it, but distance is a bitch 
@JosueR no  I usually stay in &amp; I was going to be nice &amp; go bc I was asked but now I'm just watching tv lol
I just wanna go home already  camp isn't fun anymore.
@hypnotized805  nah that's all gone 
tired as fuck, work got me stressed, i'm so tired i dont even wanna go out anywhere 
make the bug bites go away! 
@enfantoublie you are good! but maybe it's me being selfish, but I hope you dont stay there because you dont seem happy there 
@daniellepeck ew lol! go to subway! well they're probably closed 
So sleepy I dont wanna go to work tomorrow 
@mrpresnick dont leave me 
i dont wanna go to bed yet 
Ughhh the power went out  now my computer is off so gonna try an go to bed I have wifi tonight so I can tweet
I just wanna go home!!!!! 
I had to let her go. She is there and I am here. She will always be my gothic goddess, 
allright let's go to work 
KAYSO- the roxy was PACKED but it was enjoyable. &lt;3 i saw matt prokop and stared at him like a freak  and when i was gonna go talk to him
i was gonna go live tonight but my webcam is broke 
Argghhhh make this cough go away 
uhoh  didnt hear oven bell go off. shortcrust pastry officially dead . gotta start again 
 watching @thelyness leave for texas.
hmm what will i do today? I really wanna go out 
i feel so sick.. i dont wanna go to camp  
My eyes are stinging &amp; my belly is killing. All I wanna' do is sleep + take your money 
im absolutely gutted  cant go to america now.
Just got back from a 4 mi. walk/jog. I am so tired, but i fell like what i did wasn't enough. . . . . 
i soo wanna go to beyonce's concert on novembaa   ..
@jobroluvxoxo haha blaming spanish too? for me, historys the problem. im pissed. i rly wanna go to @ddlovato's show 
i love it, i love you! now goodbye, i'm letting go. 
so bored. i should go out today and run a bit. although i dont think rach's up for it and i dont wanna go alone 
i dont wanna go to the freaking party its cold outside 
i REALLY hope it doesnt rain. if it does, i have other plans, but it will be soooooooo much fun if it doesnt!!!  ttyl... gotta go! ily!
100% lost my phone charger i am sorry to anyone who has tried to contact me today  feeeling rlyyy ill again, gonna go to bed i think!
I dont wanna go to work tonight 
feeling a hell of a lot better but I dont wanna go to work 
summmer just woke up...  raining out  .. i wanna go for a walk
@sensesfail Where did the message board go? I had it bookmarked now its gone 
Waiting til I gotta go to work 
i'm gonna go do errands by myself  i hate being old.
idk wat to do today was gonna go to the beach but the weather is being mean 
My 2 go water is hot  I've been here 2 long....lol
I just wanna go home... I really really can't due this anymore... they took my music  I wanna go home...
@HuggieBean chillen...bored...its rainy  and highly disappointed as the new iphone is a no go
@GSBOYZ Aww, I want 2 move back 2 atlanta 
I just wanna go home..  ugh..   
@ay0steph I feel horrible  but I don't wna spend the one sat. I'm off home
@SGPersonal why!! plz stay!! 
@tayofsupasavy it's a no go.. Already closed it..  sorry
@SandraGraciela i just chatted u...not sure if u got it. but its a no go for me 
@KendraMarieK I hear ya!! I was nerdy too!! I have about 5 five good friends and we always did things!! I so wanna go back! 
@AngelaClervoix I would have went if I knew you were gonna be there! I don't know the other girls that work there 
ughhhh fuck now my whole pc is dying. ima go restart 
Even though we got into it yesterday I miss my baby!  I think I'm gonna go see you tonight boo boo
where did @wynchester76 go 
bored again! I just wanna go out!!! uuugh! I can't just go out to some bar/club alone... 
i really really wanna go out with farah.. 
@meimeinono you're not missing much tonight. show is a no-go 
@JeanetteLim omgosh , you are harsh . &gt;  , go eat yourself .
@JackAllTimeLow ii was gonna go see. tht movie but my friends bailed so i didnt 
half my holidays gone already  don't wanna go back to work, ever!
@igallen212 I just wanna go away 
must finish homeworks! oh pimple go awaaaaaaayy 
@lafo93 in this shop, its so boring, all i do is sit for 4 hours  urghhh boo. i gotta go now  byeeee..x
#iphone i want one so i can tweet and tube on the go 
Doesnt wanna go to school tomorrow but has to   &amp;  getting annoyed at my phones internet :/
juz woke up....i realli wanna go bac to sleep but i gotta go to walmart.... 
cant let this go when i still feel so much 
i have to go to my grand mothers now  I dont wanna go they have no computer oh well i have my phone
It's worth a go, gardening it is. oh joy 
Waking up gona go to work 
I guess, I'll go for a walk... 
@shannyrpi i totez wanna go tooo 
is going home soon, daddy just arrived. i dont wanna go 
going to see ground zero. i dont wanna go, reasons 
Fixing to go to work  I'm tired and don't wanna get up to get ready for work.. But i gotta go make some money some how..
come on 5:30!!!!!!!! I can't take this anymore!!!!!! I wanna go home 
@TheMurphy i know right....how depressing!!!! Really wanna go though 
once again youre gone 
@bootooyoo I'm feeling homesick  enjoy your stay xxx
Where'd my layout go? 
Were back home now. The heat is unbearable so the park is a no go. 
@alysssaaisgreat i should just go and have fun! i gotta go to bed anyway 
time to eat then off to work its colld outside i dont wanna go  http://tinyurl.com/kv9pjz
@Rojanlovesyou you are so talking about joe! leave him alone  haha
the office is such a fkn mess !  i just wanna go back to sleep
2nd buyer is a no go 
@sarahjchampion i'm just seeing this!   i would have come.  shoot.  yes, let's go again!
breakfast was good.. now  I gotta go to court! 
@allankyq brrrr don't know how to eat leh. unless u all come look for me?? haha but I doubt gonna end work early 
i really wanna go to the poooooool 
home chillin, but i gotta go to work at 3 
Checking out of meadowood  such a great stay!
So it's a no go for build  but that's cool it's alright
sooo nice out. and i gotta go to work 
i cant suffer outside malls,,,they built a munya 1 here but all outside its a nightmare i swear u gotta walk ten mile around it 
@TheFlyBandit lol I'm near 78! But I gotta go 2 work 
Weeee freee ftsk show this sat and I gotta go by myself 
Convincing myself to go walk I feel lazy 
@nickybyrneoffic go thought it once again.. 
ill  in bed, but still gotta go to uni tomorrow to present my work
Laying on the boat having a blast gotta go home tomorrow 
you loved me once, where did that go? you blame me...guess I should know 
Just finished shopping for my after grad party and my head is spinning  .......... but i got some great shoes so i'm gonna go sleep ;-)
tired and gotta go to work in 3 hours 
I really wanna go see transformers tonight  but I promised the boy I'd see it with him when I go visit.
@SingmySorrow i know, i soo wanna go  my brother got me free tickets to see it this weekend so i guess i can wait
i was gonna go get cookie dough (not the recall) to make cookies for my cousin. but she left earlier than i thought. 
gotta go to bed but i'm not tired! 
i am soooo sick. stay away. *cough cough* 
When will my cough go away?! Aaaahhh!! &gt;:| 
just woke up. but i think i'm gonna go back to bed and get up at a more normal hour, like 4.  
I have mad water in my ears... but I kinda wanna go swimming some more 
@JulieeM but i was gonna go see my brother graduate 
@vivalahana where would your dad go?? 
@acesmanyfaces definitely gonna go see it this weekend, feeling a bit left out everyone has seen it but me 
@cathe2ine lol its not like that, i was gonna go see transformers 2 and year one today, but it was a no no 
I really wanna go swimming right now 
She's never gonna go to a ball.  how funny?
@slipperygilly dont think its so sunny tday! i was gonna go lie in it once i came back frm lunch. 
I seriously seriously seriously effin wanna go out! 
gonna stay up all night again :| couldnt go and see transformers with my bff 
I really really wanna go swimming right now 
@clare_10 if i hadnt spent so much on the ticket, i probs wudnt go either  how was boyzone etc? xxx
i feel tired.. i dont wanna go to school tomorrow.. 
the cramps are horrible! ahhh, go away please! 
I'm back from the walk! I should write now 
@yliesan  @denissahady just wanna go back to my apt 
@thoughtcrims, damn you for posting that!! I sooooo wanna go but can't  I thought you liked me why punish me so :p
gotta go, see you 2morow 
@dancingfingers deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer ! i am not gonna join anyer trip with you guys  cause i gotta go to singapore on july 4th
i dun wanna go to work..   i haven hv enuf sleep yet
I just wanna go to the beachhhh  wherew are u sun?!!
So currently people said they're gonna listen live tomorrow  @colossalblue? @BedlamB you should give it a go
So currently 2 people said they're gonna listen live tomorrow  @colossalblue? @BedlamB you should give it a go
@ashleno @RylandWebb  i really wanna go... but i needa save money for schoolies + formal 
@yoyoyokatty how insane was fatboy slim? No one wanted ro go with me I was so down 
Today ill go play some 360 because im sick 
a or s? or stay? 
Arghh, was gonna go shoot hoops... yes.. at this time... but it's raining now!! 
gotta go to work now. horrible  hope i get those tickets i wanna get. fingers crossed pls haa. cant wait to get back home! xD xxx
argh i hate next doors dog :@ i wanna open my doors and let my cat go out for abit, but they'll end up fighting again if i do 
Boredd wanna go to the pool 
@alyaqasthari stay with me 
I hate this. I really just wanna go home 
@pyromantik NO! I didnt wanna go near it 
i gotta go 2 the orthadonist 2day  i dont wanna go!! lol! but we're havin a big bday party 4 my dad 2night and we get 2 swim and eat cake!
its very hotttt in nj but cant go in poool 
If only I could make dis feeling go away 
@mozy19 you and me both   go #canucks go!
@shaunjumpnow uhh..kay. oo say hi to bradie from rose...and from sarah.   hey were you in the film clip for shimmy a go go??
@mensdomain *gigglesssssssssssssss* there ya go 
at work. I'm gonna go home. 
is on the go... 
@nashmeg http://i44.tinypic.com/j5fl34.jpg there ya go  I'm not happy with it tho aha it doesnt look like him and its gone all wierd ):
@amanda I think they put mirrors in lifts/elevators to make the ride go faster - (We can't help but look at ourselves)  
@JLSOfficial how did your shoot go then?  x
@RDIZZAL Lol yes it is super exclusive &amp; invite only! It's nice 2 go out &amp; not get hounded by grimey men.At least here there is potential 
@arnehess kick it an go for a vodafone hspa stick. better network and better support 
going to volleyball later! whoooop go the flashh 
@SoOoCHRISpy the one on sepulveda by baskin robbins  let's go! puahah
@Fearnecotton I can't wait and I like it because anyone can have a go at it 
@pavkah i'm gonna sit down &amp; rest on your behalf. 
@kingsgrrrl7 - wanna go to prom?    mine is may 2nd
@thatamykid I'll come walk with you 
is bored... someone come steal me away, but you're gonna have to carry me 
i'm gonna go get something to eat. mexican food of course. 
@jnabongo lol, i don't do belle isle when it's nice out. ninjas don't know how 2 act! have fun  but @gabifresh let's go out later 2 nite!
@praught07 let's go out 
going for a walk 
::::p.s. ur so cute when sit there and do what u do when you do what you do  ::::
@angelicaprado hermana!!! let's go shopping again!  so much fun!!
@sweynh - finnish is one I've never had a go at ...I know it is &quot;cousins &quot; with Hungarian 
@makemineamac that looks awsome , give it a go 
gotta go to the church, say sorry for my sins 
is experiencing the peace of letting go, again. 
@shortstackband I just heard shimmy a go go on domestic blitz 
@marginatasnaily CORSE ull fit in!! go to the introduce yourself bit  ill come on there now, im jojo89 x
@shaundiviney I just heard shimmy a go go on domestic blitz. Also those girls are way to skinny it's gross 
@ann_9787 let's go to happy hour somewhere sometime 
@tommcfly I'm gonna go see you in manchester on the 8th  , wondering if you were gonna go out the back and meet people afterwards..?
made the bear go out of the cavern... He was too sleepy 
I gotta go and get ready for the concert with my choir, updating later 
chillin // jenny ? i'm bored please come at home an go online 
very tiredddd, but only gotta go into school for an hour tommorow 
@BoAndHope as long as theyyy stay together!!! 
let's go penguins!  ejaculate all over the flyers.
just went for a nice, long walk 
@imgiseverything cool, will give it a go i think then 
@dougiemcfly YAYYYY see you may 2cnd  stay in lannndannn
@treborlady a national diploma in business woop go me  lmfao
I need coffe..and i really wanna go back to sleep ... But looking forward to see mathilde later on 
gotta go to sleep.... hopefully i will have a sweet dreams.... 
@shanegibson lol leave it it's authentic 
It has been decided! We're going on a long walk. 
@ianmackie Your screename should be insomnimackie!  I'm gonna go see if it's taken...it's only 1am and that's something for me to do! 
@Hapson ah lovely  I think I'm gonna go out at some point as well. You're right, too nice to stay in!
@danielbridge text me if your staying there may go for a walk again, and can leave my bag in centre. 
well but the truuth its : ii go to sleep byee  lobb everyone!
@authorslegacy stay tuned 
new layout at http://robertandkristen.org, go check it out 
Gorgeous morning  wana go play! But work comes first..
Giving another twibe a go:  http://twibes.com/AussieMums 
@Galiiit i know aye  i got shimmy a go go for me and a friend cos i have princess signed twice so i needed shimmy to get signed xDD
@Glitterboots lol - you could let her have a go! 
at the richmond nascar race! let's go racing!!! 
is gonna give the 30 day raw challenge a go 
goin for a walk 
@jiminthemorning  loving the music again tonight, better go and check my dinner isn't burning 
@mix0r on the go right now! thanks 
ladidahhhh. gonna go out tonight  i've been waiting all weekend for this &lt;333
is pulling himself away from the computer.. it hurts.. but i gotta go for a while... 
@AceyBongos I'll give it a go then report back 
@koltregaskes have a good walk 
just been for a walk/jog  im too unfit.
@KansasLady51  with this bautiful weather, i am gonna take my boys to the lake and have a picnic maybe some fishing 
or even a walk 
@wimco That makes two of us! You know what, let's go on a strike. 
@HeyAmaretto sorry you are so thirsty...go have a dew...on me 
@kiire maybe he'll take a walk, if it's all the same to you 
im bout 2 go get sum food 4 ma belly lol 
http://twitpic.com/4j0dy - Taking a walk earlier 
about o go for a drive 
going to sleep soon as my pc go faster with this errorsmart 
@JJLuver756 I had to, but my parents don't know I have my phone with me  but I'm gonna go in a few, wow wasn't jonas amazing last night?
I want to go for a walk. I think I will 
@chemicalzombie  i dont wanna go to school either..can i stay with u? 
@michellewild so go and do it!!!!!!!!! 
@shaddybabybitch hey! im rly sick atm, so i cant stay and chat, but hope ur well 
well i'm gonna go now.  goodbye all.  
@rockeye I might give it another go. 
radianborge is learning the ways of being the padre de pamilya   go go go borgie!
LivingHandy.de 2.0 - stay tuned  - http://www.LivingHandy.de/
@danvesma Haha, go crazy with it! ;) 
@DRESINATRA that's dope!  stay out of trouble
@Ayosilva when in doubt go with the instincts. 
@skooter88 me neither at first...but u gotta go thru somethin first to get there lmao...i almost burnt my house down and that set me str8 
i really wanna go to australia and england. 
@jeffcannata before I contemplate that any further, I'm gonna go ahead and take that as a compliment. 
@PicSeshu there u go 
let's go band practice 
@SatansPuppet I like it, I think the quality's great- go for it! I see what you mean about the cheers though  haha
Yay just finished the walk!!! 
push-up, sit-up, back-up.. doakan semuanya sukses .. huehuehe 
I just finished taking a walk! I feel great! 
my plan for tomorow is to wke up at 7, go on a run, revise for abit then watch mcfly dvd  and then revise again.
I'm out for a walk, it just stopped raining 
@gerardvh silly boy.  go to bed. or eat a baked potato, like me, and be happy. Or, play L4D and be happy. 
worked all day with my mommy!  at whole fooods then gonna go get my mom some cotton candy
juz back from syd - audition went well! 
@D2thaDubb too late now, but I got you next go round, homie! 
anyone wanna come to see lady gaga with me, i found cheeper tickets  fuck pcd's
Ahh just finished cleaning now i gotta go get clean  :{DiRtYmInDeD}:
@DavidArchie you're also the coolest guest they've ever had! stay humble and charming 
@roxiijonas ok ill go and check them out now!! 
@JonathanAB dunno how you can live without. go to vega and steal a macbook from a 14yr old there 
@BMWShorties  How did the event go?
2 guess this is fine. Its all about letting go...right? 
@maryrose appreciate the quick chat maryrose and have a great walk away from it all 
our website is being revamped! stay tuned 
38 hours down... 10 to go... I'm gonna go have me a glass of milk 
@NJrugger45 don't worry, you are my go to guy 
@Pamluther like this one? g'head take it and use it   http://twitpic.com/5c9uf
I rest my case, I'm not going out tonight I'm gonna stay in watch tv and eat junk food!! 
well.. i gotta go  .. sleep well everyone ;)
haven't started english, need to do it before tomorrow. eek. maybe ill go have a shower - freshen up and just get it done. 
let's go! time to sleep. 
@srm86 you're getting cranky...  go to bed...  
@ghrishy i know, right?  i'm looking for flight prices to oslo right now  i really wanna go there next year!!
on a walk with jon 
I'd say let's go yankees, but I'd be lying. 
I think ill go walk around the mall today 
guess i'm gonna go get ready now. be on later  hopefully i'll feel better....xx
I can FINALLY deal with listening to &gt;1 jonas song in one go !! 
@joshxarnold let's go wake boarding then 
Just wke up at meezy's  gunna go swimming later &lt;3
is off for a nice walk  will be back shortly... 
@angryjohnny welcome back to the megalopolism enjoy ur stay 
I'm going for a walk 
@joezay_lemon haha yeh!  stay tuned at my site...i'll have a exclusive. ;)
anyone wanna go to work for me 2moro so i can sleep in ? 
gotta go to school really soon...i'm gonna have a pair-apple in cooking today, haha  so, catch you all later!
let's go graduate guys!!! 
Is all packed and ready to leave for stoke again! Really wanna go a see pink again! I keep reliving it in my head lol 
@KevinWelchhh excuse me. sike. let's go to the jersey turnpike &amp; jump off. 
have a go at this ..www.blastgetcreative.co.uk   good when u are bored 
i really wanna go see a moviee  if only my bffs would wake up
on a walk with molly 
@djsamhouse yep taken on board, go for what makes u happy 
Watching the sun go down over a quiet beer at the paddo. No really! It's ok 
dinner was yummy, not going to sammiis and well im gona go get ready for hannahs now 
im very proud of my radio tutlings... their dry run recording went smoothly yay 
@cameronfries we all knew that  go to bed!
I'm gonna go shopping today with my bestfriend  I hope I find the shoes that I want! 
Now I'm gonna go to the hardwarestore 
@SickWithThePen I'm good, goin for a walk 
huh .. i've never done a followfriday before .. should i give it a go too!? 
@rialistic uhh go to settings then devices. 
@ashleigh92okay baby  nothing really, gonna go have a shower soon  i love you xxx
tired. i think i'm gonna go to sleep... 
gotta carry on working now will tweet later or maybe tomorrrow. byeee  x
well i just got done getting readdyy, now i'm gonna go eat some breakfast. with bridgette tonight! &lt;3 text me pleasee 
@TheBeadedPalace i'm gonna go to the great canadian bagel after i drop hubby at work 
ok, so it's 8:30 and I'm awake and fully refreashed (how weird is that?) and I'm going to go take my dog for a walk. 
@twebbstack yeahh. gotta go to bed soon. If we do go and get the layby we have at a shop then i'll quickly look 
going for my walk. gotta burn off the beer 
whoooaaa can you believe it...is raining outside!! go freakin figure!!! well w.e off to work 
leave soon  to head to glasgow 
oops gotta go, will have to finish the  followFriday later, more2come of course 
i am gonna go on out and enjoy the sunshine. laters 
@NeilDavidson don't know about ferocious. clearforest.com, attaain.com. Why you thinking of having a go 
at artpark going for a walk 
Workout - go take physical......stuuuudy 
@QueenM81 gonna go have me dinner,back laters 
@keithdsouza There u go! U admitted it urself! 
@sushmits @suddentwilight rajasthan toh yaheen hai, why wait for dec?  let's go!
@adrianwuzlike we could freaking walk to &amp; from there 
not that im against the protesting at all. it would just b nice 2 go faster 
yes finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gonna go to bed now 
im gonna go cut my hair and then lay down and relax 
goin to sleep...should be fun...will be rehearsin the piano part for go the distance with the group tomorrow  lets hope i wake up!
@jmee21 @myamakeupartist whenever you guys are free, let's go. 
@RyanSeacrest there ya go 
K i DIDNT go bac2sleep... gunna take a shower, go2ernthonys&amp; watch star wars 
@burakyist stay with it bro 
stay with it bro  @burakyist
