Most common words for this cluster:
[('god', 926), ('bless', 65), ('day', 61), ('today', 47), ('thank', 47), ('please', 41), ('quot', 39), ('time', 37), ('oh', 36), ('work', 30), ('na', 27), ('i', 26)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'God', 0.999883234500885), (u'God_Himself', 0.7651522159576416), (u'Almighty', 0.7362317442893982), (u'God_Almighty', 0.7315567135810852), (u'Jehovah_God', 0.7214198112487793), (u'Lord_Jesus_Christ', 0.7140957713127136), (u'Almighty_God', 0.7130236029624939), (u'Him', 0.7119485139846802), (u'Allah', 0.7092409133911133), (u'Mans_REBELLION', 0.7009093761444092)]





gosh...it makes me sad when people don't give God a chance 
Piccy coming soon  -off to watch 90210. God i wanna move to america soo baadd 
@ayuparamita you tooo baby! You got your own 'concert' in God's land. I am envy. 
God, please help me... i don't know what to do with a father like him 
A whole week of the house to myself. God damn I need to move out 
Is listening to her baby girl cry......and trying so hard not to go and pick her up out of her crib.  God this is so hard.
God. I think a bird just shited on my nose. 
God I am so hungry!!! I want real food !! 
My God I really love my big sister. I miss her. 
is sweating like a whore in church ... God, I feel like it's hotter then the sun right now 
Eating ice cream and calling my mona.. God,i miss her.. 
My God-brother is back in the hospital.  please keep him in you're thoughts/prayers.
God, I miss home, I miss the time when I can play the music to the loudest volume and sing as loud as I want, even at 3 in the morning 
God i miss nick so much  i need him and his love badly.
@WooopJess God damn prom  same time as mcfly 
My mouth feels incredibly awkward. God I want to be able to eat normally again 
God everyone's having roasts today 
God hates me 
working with the most boring group of people on the planet.......my ears hurt, and God they love to talk 
Yet another gorgeous day. And yet again I'm stuck in wrk all day!  God, I hate Mondays...
God I haven't even started work yet and my leg is killing already! I can sense a bad week ahead 
God, I miss the boys so bad! 
God I wish the sun would come out...... I'm sick of looking at a grey sky 
Being made to listen to radio one against my will. God, I'm officially old... 
@39stephs the time? Or am I being culturally unawares and dumb? God I'm so late and still asleep 
God I'm so tired, I haven't felt this run down in a long time 
God I am so bored  I am stuck in college with lots to do and no one to talk to for me to get distracted  so unfair!!!! xx
Please God, make me better again 
@JenniferAniston They always write what's missing in your life huh  i hope you soon find the right guy to start a family with!!! God bless
http://twitpic.com/31drh - God i miss my Chubbz 
I seriously am ready to ride down there if the mother doesn't come home soon. God damn not having a license 
God I miss the time when weekends used to be fun! 
quarantined at home because of a bad bad flu. oh, God i hate this 
God I can't do mornings  think I could do with a light box - anyone tried one?
My expectd sleeping span cut short. I  wanted 2 sleep till 6pm 2day  God i still need it
God, my house is so busy and I've got some guy putting new doors on, I can't revise  tooo noisy!
God please forgive all that oppress you....   sigh...
The past 13 hours have been the most hectic ever  thank God for good friends &lt;3
thank God boredom does'nt kill, i wud be old news rite about now...shit woz planned rite, cudda been wit u now 
Why does God make life so hard  hate my life sometimes.
God I wish we had taco bell here in england 
Doesn't always like the things God asks me to do... sad that tomorrow is my last day with my s. bend church family 
@Lindserkins1983   thank God you're ok!
oh my god, tweeting from my bed, far too lazy, never stayng up till half four again, never. God really should study now 
God wish i was 18  this lokks like a nice day to be sat in park with ma m8s drinkin haha lol
God help me find it I amen you   
God help me  i feel like cryin... And no one to help me get thru this once and for all...damn school
@mommysnacks missing you &amp; the other #magicalmoms already  thank God for skype! hehe
PEOPLE!!!! follow me!!! im so unpopular  i am fun i swear. God how pathetic do i sound??? lol
God my face hurts 
Please God make me lose 35 lbs by the time i wake up tomorrow. 
God damn i'm hurting so much right now 
thank God its almost 12 noon, 5 hours more to go 
@Raynabergas true, i've always wanted to go. but, i didnt want to be under that stereo type of not going for God, so i was like, screw it 
God damn bloody bollocking bank frickin' holiday arsing weather. 
God i dont think ive ever had such a bad morning... 
Getting so frustrated.  God, I need a vacation... 
God im such a pussey 
God, I love this so bad  ? http://blip.fm/~5yvw8
oh, God! my mood kinda terrible.  really bad.
God damnn my lifee I'm such an idiot! 
wondering 2012's issues.. 93%?! 6 billion people to 500 million? hm, only God knows 
its over!! thank God. i never realised how long that song is till now! ha, but they are still staring 
God damn it  we are down 2 to 0 
Its soooo hot   Moving boxes into pods and praying to God for strength and endurance.  God's hands are under my arms, lifting me.
i hate livers  yuk man!! God buckleing down right now,, 3 years of no social life!
day 4 of extremely sore throat. antibiotics i started 8 hours ago haven't helped yet. what if they don't work? please God make me better! 
oh my God, i think that i have to take some rest to face all of this problem 
God damn woot offs.  Always when I have no money 
God damn it I think I've cought my second wind. I was so hoping to be in bed by now 
Why do my friends keep dying? What the hell God?  
God need a job 
No matter how you feel God is still worthy to be praised... but today, I'll have to praise him from home. 
God im tired now im gonna be dead by 11 and im up at half 6 2morrow 
God I wish I could sleep more than 3 hours a night after I go out 
National tap day was fun except it was hot!! but God sent the rain! too bad i was wearing a white shirt 
No more celtics..disapointin  I hav sumthin better tho &quot;this hope'll never disapoint..b/c God has poured out his love 2 fill our hearts&quot;
Just got up, moving the computer downstairs for 2 weeks so my parents can use it and so I can study. So I won't be on as much  God bless!
http://twitpic.com/5f2ry - God I miss home this was on my doorstep 
@queenmotherblog oh it was the neighbors unless the geese learned how to yell &quot;oh God!&quot;  
God, i need you right now. i'm being selfish again.  but i really need your help for this.
@karlmageddon God those are awesome. I wish I could do vector like that. I'm running out of ideas... 
Oh God. I killed a bird and hes stuck on my license plate!! Does anyone want to get him off?  &lt;3Usako&gt;
@Benniboy22 nope  .. so God knows who it was .. oh well!
God I hate revising ! uuuugh !! **sigh** back to math 
God I rock at cross-checking data, references, and citations.  Too bad doing that doesn't make 100k a year 
@neil_mccormick eurovision is more rather &quot;euroblivion&quot; and thank God for that, imagine those silly tunes stayed  &quot;in your mind&quot; arrrghhh 
They don't see that what God did to me for a season is what he'll do to them for eternity.... 
K gotta go having a moment ... miss my Dad  ... need to pray ... nite tweets. God bless
Thanking God I was still alive.. badluck today.. 
@God  help me, my tooth hurts 
Oh my God, it seems like forever. I've missed twitter 
I'm moving out today!!!  God I'm going to miss college.. No more excuses... lol
sooo hungry   another great day for working  God is good
God damn it forgot to bring my black nail polish to work, ohhh man I might have to work now boooo 
can't sleep  think too much. so much on my mind. I love you all very much. I want to please God...
Just mega broke my glasses again.  God dammit 
God this is so depressing  http://bit.ly/FDXKE
God I just want to sleep. 
Oh good God crampsss... 
I had a horrible dream  it had to do with a scary face, now im awake for the rest of the night. God dammit :\
says God please i hope it doesn't brownout...i'm burning my files  http://plurk.com/p/wy5za
Oh My God ..  sad day ..
My moms calling hospice 4 great gpa  its only a matter of time only God knows.
When God created man i also believed he created a million people to get on ya tits for a laff 
God will 4pm please some sooner. 
@AQuietMadness You don't think they will catch them? God yeah can you imagine how they're feeling 
there's only one more cherry dr. pepper left in the fridge...thank God. im addicted to that stuff but it does sad things to my skin. 
God i'm so sleepy today I can barely focus 
@ it hurts me that my sister has so much potential and she isnt using any of it  what a waste of God-given talent.
God! They look stumpy... I'm not sharing my toes tonight 
@kirkfranklin @therealmarymary yall my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls pray with me 4 God's will 2 b done... 
@Mcpattz I hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  God,its 1:20am...heading to bed  God..too late..good night
God is a huge teaser  
God, why can't I be at #asylum? Really. I never get to do anything cool! 
finds the hardest thing about being a Christian is to put God as first in his life.  I need help..
I swear to God, I am shrinking! 
maybe i'll start study later, oh God so lazy 
Attempting to fix my once beautiful brows. God this burns  http://twitpic.com/687d7
@aprilleigh909 God, that's so awful. Why would you do that to your kid? 
very boring.! God I miss him so much, you may well be better! 
why do i fall in love so easy....God i hope i'm wrong cause this just isn't right...  |&lt;ay-|3ee
You know whats worse than finding out how horrible you are and how much your friends hate you is the fact that i have no words for God 
God's revelation... sigh.. 
want that 2 happen.  God give me grace n strength to make it idk how else to say i w/o getting emotional...yuck 
waiting 4 my teacher  i hate the idea that ill move to saudi  God help me!!!!
I'm scare  God pls give me strenght to keep movin' on..
God i miss my camera 
yeah! hard rain after finished washed my laundries, I think God wants to play with me 
yeah! hard rain after finished washing my laundries, I think God wants to play with me 
just finish eatin thank God i hav a high matabolism or i'd be fat gettin ready 2 lay bak down no1 to talk 2 
God damnit, I wish this stupid cold would go away. It's been almost 6 days now 
God damn why does my knee hurt? 
i wish i can spend all next weekdays doing nothing. God knows it's not going to happen 
@meggie314 I can't believe I went to God's country without me 
@meggie314 I can't believe you went to God's country without me 
@ o my God this class is tooooo long. I still have an hour left and my back hurts 
@mastermars Oh my God, honey, I am SO sorry for your loss  I didn't even know. I send my condolences to your family.
God I miss my family 
like most of the time I'm in two gears.  I have moments of joy and happiness thank God, but right now I feel really blue. 
Ughhh God please make my mouth feel better. I can't take those pain pills anymore 
can't believe in 2 weeks she will be single   I'm going to miss him so much. But, I'm interested to know where God is going with this!
[....and just like that....]    sooo don't feel like being bothered. [God grant me the serenity 2 accept the things i cannot change] night
@dELYSEious God hates me. I shant ever #skeptwiit apparently 
God, I miss my red hair.  
- Even the simplest things seem so complicated. God is taking me through some things... honestly I don't like it yet  Here am I... use me.
God fucking dammit my shoulder hurts. 
@imelody God, how I hope you're wrong...  
Still cleaning my room  God I hate this lol
Chatting with an old friend. God, its been so long. 
Just woke up and can't sleep. God this sucks 
At a gay kickback. God I want to go home so bad right now. 
God, please. 
God, please don't. 
God I wish something else was on watchin this game is makin me miss playing football  stupid injuries...
I just wiki'd the tea thing and learned mormons can drink some teas. I can't imagine a God that wouldn't allow me coffee 
Nearly at services (thank God) ! starting to feel sick. 2 and a half hours down 7 and a half to go 
I wish God wud show me the detailed plan sometimes..im just not happy 
God I hate waiting around  #fb
sat class  last day, thank God.
God, I have sensitive teeth. 
Reading in union square. God I'm a nerd 
just got outta Church. gettin ready 2 go 2 breakfast with my God parents &amp; God brother. VERY hungry &amp; gotta headache!  
I don't think God listens to my prayers anymore 
God bless the fink family. 
@clsmarathon God I hope you don't end up with a box of melted chocolate 
God I miss her so much, I want to tell but I know I have to wait. 
God....its hot outside. 
homework asap then work then walmart, bed by ten pm i believe. God. I really am lame aren't i? 
God i'm so tired!! I should be there too and not lying here  destiny led wrongly this time aaah.!!
God right now i just wish i was on the A list for the mtv movie awards. its gonna be amazing 
Man I really am going to miss prayer times with my best friend @michaeldsanchez  Its awesome when God speaks the same thing to both of us
even though I was supposed to go to the vma's...  but oh well God must really have something for me tonight.. I hope so lol.
God fuck, my eye is itching like fuck 
@kalzzz Where u think u goin now?  God u will never get to hear the white trash drama unless u stay in ic and link up with me!!!!!
omg she signed on the temptation is great but I must show her im mature enough not to  God I really want to talk to her. its painful 
my consiglierie just went to jail  it coulda been a lot worse tho...God is good.....
God idk what to do but got 3 days to decide...I think I need to take my own advice this time around 
just finishing a math paper. awful, i hate math and it hates me too!!! God heeeeeelp me 
Oh God, people are freaks 
Surely that was information you absolutely needed to know... God, I really can not get to sleep.  This is horrible. 
@MzEnglewood swear to God!! yea 103rd n halsted be hittin..I never had the one on 64th tho (pause) naw I doubt they wud come out there 
God, i hate tinyTwitter - and tweeting on an old mobile! 
Ouch! God my back hurts 
God, what should i do? give me clue to make it better 
It would have been nice to tell me if you'd moved  God dammit.
It would have been nice to tell me if you've moved  God dammit.
God I don't wanna work today 
Fedex down by two sets, God is cruel 
@rbohlender - agreed, God takes no pleasure in the death of the wicked 
It's jjust horrid  @mfhorne God, this is awful http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8076848.stm
Thanking God for such an awesome day outside, &amp; praying that he also blesses us while inside, too! Really don't care 4 being coop'd up... 
oh my God.. my laptop has a crack  all my fault 
Should've of been on vacations this week!!!  Couldn't go! That's ok...God has control of everything!
its gonna be eff up weeks ahead  God bless me soul http://bit.ly/nTV7e
God, I hate mondays 
@LJhaumea God sounds like some strange passive aggressive behavior on her part. 
sad day   God i need ur strength
photos found, thank God! but now i've eaten all those cookies. 
Oh my God...... A friend of my mom was in that airplane ...  
After about 5,437 batches, I finally got into my first bunch of bad sushi.  Oh God so sick need to lie down oh God.
God i hope i dont run out of gas. 
I really hope they find that plane  God rest them
Omfg, my light just blew out. I think thats a sign from God for laughin at my gmom 
It's been a great day... God is too good. 
@maddow Thanks, but was it really worth giving Army of God a hit?  
God pleaseeeee.. help me finish off my Science report at this very critical time 
oh my bang! i just realized how hardcore its raining o_o; i wonder why God is crying so hard  gotta shower with my new shampoo before bed.
all this drawing made me sleepy..off to bed...all my trust is in God missing someone special 
I pray for the families of those in the missing plane  God bless you all.
Too warn to be stuck inside college all day surrounded by hair dryers and straightners. God I'm gonna be dehydrated by end of today 
God be with all the Airfrance passengers and their families!! such a tragedy 
God I hate this weather - 26.5 degrees 
God I am so stupid sometimes (only sometimes) i thought sum1 used my credit card when it was stolen but turns out it was a direct debit 
im really tired, but i have to learn so much :S God, give me strenght 
Oh my God, my arms have gone red and blotchy. It's official, I'm getting a tan 
God why do i miss him soo much when he is gone! 
my allergies are acting up  but its still gonna be a good day ima claim getting some good news! I'm up alive and healthy, thanking God
my mac computer has stopped working... and it picked the week I was going to back up all my photo's. trusting God for my photo's 
God please make it go away. 
@luffsophie you're wearing it tomoorw!? God idk what to wear 
oh my God the rain never stops..  i aht rainy days... huhuhuhu..
oh my God the rain never stops..  i hate rainy days... huhuhuhu..
@luckywinner10 tell me about it! and man that bites  least you're up aain, thank God
Please God... 
@MarcusEaton God that sucks. What can he do? 
God damn I'm thirsty today!! I've drunk a whole bottle of water in 10 minutes. I think I'm getting sick 
God, I'm soooo hungry! I don't think I can go longer than tomorrow on the cleanse... I really do need food in my stomach! 
God, 10mins into train journey and it already feels long.  AND its too early for wine...
Where's all the work gone  God this bloody recession is biting now
God let my back be ok 
@lilmissfootyfan No i cant!!  But I did watch it and God is he niiiiiiiiice...
Still studying for bio. Praying to God i get an a.  HAHAH. who am i kidding
God, talk to me now. This is an emergency 
God I hate interviews 
Just got my wisdom teeth out!! God bless twitter coz i can't use my mouth!! In so much pain 
I can't chat with God for a week 
getting rid of these horrible roots today!   God, why couldn't I be a natural blonde?  
God, i miss tv cable so bad 
HAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYY thanks God i love you so much. please dont take it away from please i'll do anything 
i'd rather be sleeping,than crying all night long.. God,no nightmare,please! 
oh God.................... i wanna see this 
@NickBrownOnline thanks babe. God, i cant believe how horrible i feel.  i cant move...
@human3rror I'm so sorry to see that you're walk with God is one where God is taken for granted, as well as the kindness of others. 
God my feet hurt 
ahh fuck, my stomach is hurting, oh God, it's a really sharp pain, but I don't wanna go home  
Another training class...thank God its friday...meanwhile I want the rain to go away 
God has blessed us with a beautiful day! But i had to get up early so im mad about that, getting us just sucks 
God, I'm like.. epicly paranoid about shit, right now. 
God damn crick in my neck. I need to get the knots massaged out its so bad 
oh my God. 1234 by the plain white t's just came on the radio and my mom turned it up. it hate this song soooo so so much. i hate it 
can't wait for tomorrow xD finally friends meeting, i miss my girls so much  thank you God, for my hilarious friends &lt;3
These chicken tenders r so ugly looking. They're like whitish and oddly shaped and smooth in some areas. God, someone make me rice please 
Is headed to the hospital  God, please let her get better!
God, boyscout meeting interrupted my video game with my clan buddies. 
I am sick again! God seriously I can't get through more then two weeks without getting sick 
Oh God! I have food poisoning!!! 
Wow as if I'm not tired at allll!!!! God I miss dustin.... 
is trying to continue to be patient and see who anad what God has/wants for me.....But it's getting kinda hard  But I'm Blessed!
is trying to continue to be patient and see who and what God has/wants for me.....But it's getting kinda hard  But I'm Blessed!
is trying to continue to be patient and see who anad what God has/wants for me.....But it's getting kinda hard  But I'm Blessed!
God is creepy!! I'm scared now 
 rain rain rain!!!!!!!! looks like a weekend indoor; God forbid I might even have to invent some housework :'(
Its 4am and i cant sleep... God, i just hate myself sometimes... 
I miss my car  why oh why did I drive it off a cliff???? God that was dumb
Immigration didn't exactly work out. We are ONLY allowed to do work w/ Namwianga so again no speaking today.  God is teaching me &amp; is good
Slightly damp but not soaked yet. God what a change from last weekend. 
Oh my God it's cold! 
Seriously are you still testing my patience, God? 
has fallen sick, vomitted and is coughing bad   but is grateful God gave her the strength to serve and send angels to protect and help her
God would make free ice cream day the same hours as my work 
God bless all the families and friends of the victims of the air france plane 
Just tell yourself: I, I'll be okay.    estudar, estudar, estudar, estudar. God, help me 
God there were so many police on the max. I hate them so much and they were all standing near me 
Wish I could stay, but I have this family dinner. God I hate family dinner and all those questions they make 
God i want the sims 3 and a computer to run it 
God this sucks. I hate you males but I love youse.. why cant we all think and feel the same and make it clear! 
God, I'm such a fuck up 
Oh My God the last ever scrubs! i think i might cry  again!
stresseed i can't believe they only had one pair God the perfect shoes ughh 
watching dave nd james playing lbp. God scary stuff happend tonight lol, oh and tryin to get my puk code for phone 
well vbs is over now.  so bummed. but God really used this week to reveal some things to me.
dear God, please stop killing people that i went to high school with. pleasekthanks 
hopes to get some sleep later or she'll pass out at church..God forbids..  http://plurk.com/p/yyizt
I'm gonna shop with my sister. Thanks God she has a car, otherwise I wouldn't make it - my leg is so painful, I can't even walk 
God, please help me get through this. your the only one that can fix this. 
@Treenie5 i don't know  was supposed to be there in 2 weeks but i can't afford it! God willing before the summer's over
@Pamluther yep .. they're saying he's like God, huh? scary 
@HenriettaHughes it's getting scarier and scarier all the time isn't it? they really are touting him as God! 
God you do work in mysterious ways you give me the old him back now you taking him away, possibly forever!  i just dont understand!
@PrettyGirrl aw sweetheart  I'm sorry for your loss. God wouldn't put through anything you couldn't handle!
so the spi weekend is being planned for next weekk. . . . God, may i please tag along?? lol i really wanna go  i havent been there in yrs!
God damn it!! It's 6:30am, just got woken by a thunder storm... It's bad an I'm scared 
God I really know the right things. To say, I'm a fucking idiot. 
My God this was the worst day of my life...can't get into it, but if life had a reset button I would have pushed it today. 
God i'm such a nerd haha 
God, not looking forward to my six day week.....Weekends already over 
@suddentwilight God is not fair..  I dislike this luck and things associated with it..
@Jamesallenonf1 God I miss you! 
tryin' to figure out  wt i should do next,i'm always lost, down or wt u say depressed,wt is happenin to me,i duno..plz make me a way God 
God it's 4 I clock already  I'm having a come dine with me marathon this afternoon!
God its 4 o clock already  im having a come dine with me marathon this afternoon!
is going through the hardest thing she has ever had to go through in her whole life, thank God I am strong or I'm afraid I would fall. 
God i want some new video games!! Wish i had more money..but im broke as a joke 
loves when strangers say &quot;God bless you, he is an active child, isn't he&quot; as I am chasing him around just to stay be my side 
im so sorry God i cant go to the church today  im seek!
God I have no life 
I miss my @ciuchs so much.  he's doing God's work, and I pray God will bring him home safe to me.
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - So Jealous of your skin  You're so beautiful- God's gift to the world x
God can this car be less comfortable.  i want my bed.
Is recovering from last nights adventure, I didn't wake up on time for church  luckily God forgives.
please God help lily having a good weekend but at the same time sad 
@nubirgiarc fever?? God love, you're always so sick! 
God i hate summer...bugbites 
Please help!  God help me, I don't wanna to lose my grandfather 
I am really missing my kids.....     I love my God kids
God dammit 
God im so boooored!!!! 
Oh God, what have i done 
God damn rolled ankles 
@BrainGuyJerry #aka #MrSept God, I hope not, b/c that would make me lame too. I don't wanna be lame  #babealertCEO #MrJuly
begs God for more patience   i know i can make this work
God; please help me. 
well oh well, God must have something else for me 2 do this week, oh and my ankle hurts real bad,I twisted it! 
food poisoning sure sucks!   but thank God for the awesomemanofGod who's taking care of me! 
freaked out because of finals tomorrow  hope i pass them. God help me
Maxxed on following again.  God I can't wait until I get over that hump 
Printing off Kingsopoly. Lots of time needed. God these macs are slow!! 
God, back to the work week 
Its my last day on the job  I hope to God I am not making a mistake.
God i hate giving urine samples! Last time i got pee on my hand  i need a penis for times like this....
Working And someone's trash across the street from where im working smells like a rotting corps. God its bad 
Just got more confirmation on this dreary day. I love God. 5:15 came to fast this morning   ...dinner tonight
A mourning dove just slammed up against my office window and is now flopping around beneath my window. God I hope this isn't a bad sign 
I think God is giving me stuff to prove that the last stuff that I thought was so awful wasn't really that bad... 
Oh my God, I have a freezing nose 
@jbburton God, that sucks.  I'm sorry man.  
 hit by someone running a red light...my cars totalled...but thank God i just have a headache &amp; nothing more.
@pinklou81 The sky looks frightening  Pls, God, don't be ruining this for us with rain.
God, everyone is getting on my nerves today. 
@eingrad God know! I missed it! 
Oh my God I do not know to use this site .. 
@eingrad God noo! I missed it! 
@hilaryizgangsta God I miss you 
the damn rain is bak in NyC  God what did we do so wrong ?
@____KELLIxx Actuallzzz i dnt quite think i did (?) probz did.. dnt knw.. God use r making me confused  x
Oh my God its so hot outside!!!! And i am doing math homework inside  I wish i was done school already.
God this is so so so embarassing 
God I miss her and she has no clue how much.  I'm too afraid to lose her friendship to push it any further.  relationships suck
God, I think I have the lowest concentration levels ever! I've been writing for all of two minutes, and am being distracted already 
God I really need followers! I had 144 in my last one. boo hoo. 
For the first time in God knows how long, my work inbox is at 0. If only that meant I had no more work to do... 
is feeling fatter after my grandma so lovining said &quot;God damn you are fat!&quot;, as I walked in the door from work.  
got into a baaad accident today.  but it's okayy. if God brings me to it, He will see me through it! =]
Oh, God. I just can't fall asleep.  I'm so tired.
.. so clueless for part A of my social diploma tomorrow. God please help me  I just need to pass social, i promise to be a better person&lt;3
So he thinks he's coming back... And he misses me... And he's being really sweet... God I miss him 
My God, think what I could have accomplished if I had worked instead of composed 1k tweets 
#haveyouever murdered someone cause God told you too? 
#haveyouever murdered someone cause God told you to? 
Feeling unwell.. Praying for God to give me new strength...I have to make it finish right in time...  http://myloc.me/3ZsX
God bless the troops........damn I miss my brother 
God what do i need to do???????? 
well..I guess I'll talk to dad  2morrow mornig   =[  We'll see he's reaction...Lets pray God 4 him not to B mad at me    I didn't mean it
oh God, how I don't have the will to study 
God I hate it when I get my anxiety episodes just spent the last hour making sure no one was inside my house 
God damnit. I complain about how fat i am but i'm eating ice cream out of the carton.  this is my last hurrah!
Waky waky!! It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining!! Oeps, the're is no sun  But it's still a beautiful day. A daily present of God 
My dog has just got his leg stuck in the fence trying to jump it. God I hope he hasn't broken it. 
God damn builders drilling out side my house woke me up  dont they know i hav a hangover ahhhh
Today I'm praying for all those families that are hurting financially...there are so many   God will provide!
@daveellis0808  God that's really late then, I thought your bus wouldn't be long after the flight. 
I remember when I was a kid... When I was a child everything was just so good and I felt free... God, I miss those days 
Goodmorning twitterbugs I'm up early cause I have to press my hair out 4 work   hope u all have a god filled day. God bless you all.
God...fed up of twitter... 
@gschan God, I need one now. 
@mixpix405 oh dear God! whew, that gets a sadface 
God... yet another meeting... 
God I dk what to do I'm keeping myself from outbursting making a scene like always  I hate this I just wanna leave
oh God....I'm not okay today...  
At home.... is freaking hot!  Any ways.... super blessed, even in adversity God is with me! I love u God!
God, I miss him soooooo much 
@dadj_21 I see u were saying u didn't get the news u prayed for  I'm sorry...but u know God has a plan even if it doesn't make sense 2 us
God knows what I need, but c'mon and gimme a clue already, i don't have an idea  Second day of college, and i'm hella  tired.
@sphinx729 I can pay extra they will make them big enough for my bed right? right? God I am so sad 
@portman65 God, I hope she's not really mad.  
God i hate grocery shopping 
I don't wanna study.. I'll not study! God,help me  good night for all,kisses!
Oh God, here we go again @saragarth  look what you make me do 
Twittterrrrrrrrrr whattttt ittt doooo. God I'm bored ah 
God I really miss Pavilion 
@m4rc0polo   it's ok,we just have to remember that God is constantly with us, guiding us, and loving us! (not as easy as it sounds -_-)
God i need a hug 
(@saulg_13) God i need a hug 
@clickwindrepeat I'm worried as well. God, those poor people 
@robertorubell  aww love you just dont get it  so sad God means so much to me and all who say (i love Jesus) dont be mad ok
God, just beeing here is like.. i dont know, so much better to my mental health. fucking flatmate. 
God, does this suck. I feel like the most helpless person on Earth right now. I can't sleep or eat. I'm all wound up... 
God, french then chemistry then english 
God i suck at technology, i cant even upload a photo properly without it just coming up as a cross  :L harry i need your help!!
44 mins to go... God I want to sleep I feel terrible 
has some seriously God-damn painful sunburn 
God damn xbox.com/support, their tracking as messed up now &quot;No repair requests&quot; is showing, they've got my xbox 
... K ... that 4 hours of sleep I got is starting to kick in.   God please help me stay woke!
so stressed out about money. pleased God let me get a job today 
I can't sing  I'd love to! Maybe God gives me talent when I sleep, let's pray shall I
God, I hate summer colds!!! CAN NOT BREEVE!!! 
@ReachLife - I recently thought I met a great man of God based on his gifts &amp; yrs in ministry. He was living a lifestyle of fornication. 
The worst thing I can hear. God, it's heart breaking 
but im thinkin like mayb its jus what God wants. who am i to question him. but i wish i had answers 
God! I'm so annoyed that I have to do this Science project right now, argh! I would have been posting on my blog, but no!  rrrr
@plainkenhardy http://twitpic.com/7n9tx - God, that sucks. 
@peterfacinelli God..I wish you actually replied even if it was ONE message 
I was kicked off my bike today.... Why for God sake?? 
@RasmusP too many times people confuse the institution of the church and worship of God. I don't think the church always reflects Christ. 
Sitting in dunkin doughnuts bymyself because my sister and her boyfriend are doing God knows what in the car  gay day
God work again tommorow 
feels like he's wasted so much time tonight... and perhaps in the last 10 years of his life  God... is my drinking ban over yet?
Oh God, please please please help me get out of bed today... I soooo wanna chain myself and my pillows to bed and just sleep all day. 
God I'm bored. Where are my friends when I need them? 
My best friend might be having her baby tonight and of course i can't be there. &amp; I'm suppose too be the God Mother  but cant be there!
God I feel like one of those peppy fangirls.  I'm more serious than that.
@steeZster: lol..no hoe, no hoe, no hoe..  btw, i kno wat i want. its up 2 God.. no matter how hard i try, i miss the way he made me feel 
@bazilahali I don't know if I can do it.  I'll just have to pray to God. HAHA. I sound so religious right now. 
if you wanna know if he loves you so, its in his kiss. &lt;3 God i miss Cats. 
@InKatlinsPahnts shhh that was a secret! God sam.  it makes all my dreams come true! *cries* i need it!
@futuredirected God I hope so. And I always do, even tho I often miss spots 
@tarushikha good one..r u referring to notes or r u this funny?i dont belv in evolutn theory. God decided to make me crazy... 
sneezing again n again..God,,help me..!!i really dont like this situation.. 
sneezing again n again..God,,please help me..!!i really dont like this situation.. 
home from work today. missing the kids' graduation  fever seems to be gone though. thank God.
jst did sumtn wr0ng agn.. God, help me 
oh God, why??!! freakin pole  #usmnt
orking til 2:30 and then hopefully getting my computer fixed (more like reformatted... God I hate that)... I'll let ya know how it goes! 
God, I just loooooove hot summer weather. Why can't it be like this all the time? It'll be over tomorrow according to the weather report 
; oh dear God. the weather is bipolar. i hate moving. constantly picking things up and putting them down. erghhhhh!! 
@longbeachbear nooooo!! why God, why?! now i have to put down my bfff since he.s a zombie now 
God i cant stop crying 
Please God give me the strength to get through this ugly day at work 
i just told my bff God takes a while to prepare our perfect man... her's finally shipped!!!!........ but i think mine is on backorder 
@efcole God we miss you 
@jrflores66 besides if U don't keep the chain emails going, &quot;God doesn't love U&quot;. 
God i hate all this rain wish it was sunny out here  
God back to work still dunno anything bout a car or home 
 did God give up on us?!
God, its so hot...please stop having a bbq.  *sweats*
I'm bored, I'm cold, I'm all alone! God! I miss my friends 
What's up twitters?!! God! I'm soo tired  spend the hole day &quot;shopping&quot; but i didn't anything!! 
@RisaRM  So sad that anyone thinks God doesnt love them.
Visiting my grandma.she fell yesterday  but she's ok now thank God.
Please God say they are not going to announce the cruise dates anytime soon...I won't be able to go.  
oh my God! i swear that my shin is about to explode!!! ugghhh 
Just got back from my neighbor's wake....God, that man practically raised me when I was little.  
chilln just got off of work tomorrow is friday thank God still gotta work tho 
God! I slipped in the bath tub while takin a shower. Now, I got a big bruise on my knee. I'm putting ice on it right now 
So confused about everything  I know God is in control tho
God, I hate my life....I wish you loved me, still. 
UP &amp; @'em! God I'm tired. These early shift do take their tole...&amp; got a long shoft 2day...10hrs. Hopefully no constants 2 do 2day 
God brought you to us, and God took you away....  You will be forever in our hearts!!!! RIP my sweet girl!!!!
Oh God all this thing about Korea makes me worry 
Q: God?  A: yes? Q: why? A:  ....................
God, just see how good we are to alienate our own people. 
God, just see how good we are at alienating our own people. 
God i miss hanging out with devon 
thank God its friday again,. but it means monday is near as well,. 
God damn life can be confusing sometimes. 
God I'm sort of annoying its like great+ awful+fabulous at the same time!  hahahahah shit
Oh God this made me cry. http://tinyurl.com/l52gvv 
God I hate being sick 5 days and counting... 
@ReturnToPersia @feministguy @badbingirl Unfortunately not  It's so sad for the people  God bless our braves
God I feel lousy.... 
God, please gimme one lil super duper annoying sisterrr. i miss nina, i miss bullying her 24/7. she was just like my lil sister. 
getting readyy for school !  blah, gonna be back at 10 thank God
Workkk I do nott want to be here today  thank God it's the weekend!
God it's to early to type, where's the darkness when you need it *looks in his cookie jar* nope only shining light of hope in there 
God, I'm trapped in that never-ending meeting and now my bf is (sort of) mad 
I'm gonna shut up here soon coz have to take at least a week off after another health scare  God how I hate the 21st century
I'm going to school, God saves me!!!!! 
God's love in me, so he do this to me. forgive me please  omgz
Magnifying glass. I don't think she sees well. I want to help explain what's on it but don't want to interfere. God bless her 
My God ma must not like me anymore ;( she stopped following me on twitter 
temp services was closed  still don't know what to do... searching for some good moooosic now. God tell me what to do! I am searching!!!
I missed my dentist appointment  but praise God I was able to schedule one tm 
I think that i'm bluffing, yay. :/ i want to be a good person agaaaaaaaaaaain  God, can you help me ? :/ x
@DitaVonTeese being a chritian that makes me upset! Christians should NEVER act that way! God does not hate gays!  i apologize for them!!!
The trip to Sudan has been canceled  I know that God has a reason for everything.
God help me today! I swear if this bitch fucks with me today ill go ape shit. Another day at work. ho hum 
Oh God I can't sleep anymore...okay I miss him badly 
God, now I'm hungry. I need a sandwich. 
God! im tired, i wanna go home 
God reverse time. I feel asleep girls.  sorry.
You are a God and me only your child. I hope that my future becomes better. I don`t know what to do.  What an oppressive feeling...
@GloriMusic damn...God didn't tell me to build an arc or nothing 
God im so sick of being a bum. Lonelylonelylonely 
@KaizerAllen definitely I'll pray for your sister, oh God! what accident was that? 
Oh God, please let him go tomorrow to the movies. 
Last night of revival...  praying that God will not only stir our hearts but change them as well.
@glennbeck  &amp; I bet you see how it is all related; God's plan, agency, current events...how can u NOT think about it all the time? I do 
@angelmarie1211 smoke one for me. God do I miss it 
@souffbabyboy i ended up seing Year One..it was corny  thank God my lil sister paid for me lmao
I need someone to hold me close... I really need some cuddling...   God, I hate feeling alone.
@GeminiTwisted I know, and I'm so sorry....God knows, i don't want to disappoint you....   *sniff*
God it's waaaaay to early 
I think I'm dying. God really didn't think things through when he made women this way 
So glad that I decided to stay home instead of going to a party. God I feel like crap. 
My website rel getting hits from M-I-A-M-I eee!!! God damn! but why! lol - I thought I was the hater?? LOL 
oh my God  ... why me ... ?
distance really is a trouble. i hate it! you dont know how bad i miss you. God please  #fb
up since 5suminn - God please tell me why i am unable to sleep 
I want a shower when I get home...last night was outrageously hot  And Davinya slept in her dressing gown under the covers...my God.
God I hate making inappropriate spelling mistake in tweets 
I swear to God I`m not the one who posted those twitter shz 
@dressjunkie God I want one... sadly, with 18m to go on my current contract it won't happen soon 
Off to some biking. 9th avenue, here I come. 110km biker. God, I need more speed 
God I h8 some1 so much It drives me crazy :@ 
God work is so busy today!  hope everyone's having a nice day!
I need my best friend I need to talk with her and a hug  God don't leave my grandma alone please
God i need some one to talk 
Oh God i miss him i wont see ma boo till two weeks from now  aww man!
forgive me God for all my sins. please 
@fallia God, I wish that was happening to me 
@ShanteCurtis my finger start to bleeding  but its better now. isnt hurting that much *thank God* lol  how u doing swettie?
God  hate kings island. It takes my girl away from me 
God I'm so freakin' stressed... 
dear God, please turn the heat down so I can go home 
i still don't feel good, and have to wake up at 5am for work  why does God hate me?
God speed 
@taylorswift13 What has nine arms and sucks? God I'm mean. 
@BluEyedDaizy yeah i know. God bless her soul 
I said...&quot;The plan of God isn't thrawted by our humanity, but fulfilled in spite of us.&quot; &amp; mom laughed at me!! 
just more homework i wanna this to end pleasee God let it be 3 of july 
Oh my God - what the fuck have I eaten?! 
Oh God. I don't know what to do for daddy on daddy day 
@GraceanneParks well i love my mommy.  yess, aug. 13th. thank God.
Oh. My. God...her abs are the best I've ever seen...I want mine to look like that too 
God help me... I don't want to go down this path again 
God, i feel like getting on stickam, but no-ones on. 
is so hard 2 know what i want, because what i need i cant have!   is confusing. but is all in your hads God! plz help me out!
i'm really upset about the denny's shooting today  pray to God it wasn't my friend.....
I wonder if God is shaken... 
is hoping people will rededicate their lives to God. I miss you guys a lot...wish I could go to church more. 
God, I really want a fat blunt right now.... But I don't 
prayin to God for friends that understand 
God my room is damn hot 
God it sucks. I feel like im back a the beginning with him when we have went so far. 
God bless you #neda 
Does God really put people in our lives so we can learn from each other? I have alot of learning to do 
God birds chiepping so loud and wake me 
Just woke up!!!   I miss him!       but God's gng to show me somethin better!  I just wish he could hurry!!
I feel sad because I have uttered a bad word today. I did not mean it. God, please forgive me. 
God I need my computer. Why am I not home 
terrible rain! terrible weather! God, why are you doing that for me ?  I have holidays.. I should be happy, but weather ruin everything..
here we go again....fight over something pointless,,,ow God 
&quot;God give me patience...but give it quickly&quot;...30 min into our trip &amp; 2nd pee stop 
@ work  missing church praying for the service to go great move God!
God forgive me if i fall asleep during church today.   ha
God i miss u now !! 
My heart hurts for the &quot;atonement&quot; story this morning at church. We miss God in that way too much, way offbase 
God knows I'm one of his F-minus students. 
is waiting for a God miracle ; the only kind that God is able to pull. I need some Jesus in my life 
Oh My God, the thoughts of getting up at 7am tomorrow............ 
@pcdmelodyt God damn horse, mel! 
 having a bit of a rough day but things will get better. God is still God and still in control!
SHOWER. God, how do I mix &quot;crystal&quot; up with twitter? xD I'm dumb. 
i don't know what to do!! God!! help me 
i dnt wanna b weak  plz God give me strenght... i just want this tupid feelin to go away...
@ProWrestler1 God, now I have to walk the dog.  I hate it, kills my shoulder. I'll be back in a few.
God... i feel like a prisoner in my own house... soo bored....Some summer.... 
praying that God prepares a man to love me unconditionally - one who wont leave me.  ill love him unconditionally, promise!
learned that many times my &quot;spiritual boundaries&quot; hinders God's move....  http://plurk.com/p/133co5
@meliciamorris  damn that's crazy.. thank God ur aight.. damn
@eelhovercraft Mornings are a sick joke from God. 
Please take away this joint, chest, head, stomach, and throat pain, God. I gotta work tonight 
As I continue to wonder... Why did God give me this family..  I mean why
 How do you just ignore them when theyre online too? God I want my friend back!!!!! :'(
God its hot, cant even take the girls to the park 
@MGiraudOfficial God you're so chilllllllllled i'm so jealous wish i could trade places with you 
Holy mother of God... fireworks... 
Home. God, I feel like shit. I hate the heat! It's soooooooo damn hot. 
God damn it, my aunt made salmon salad and I loathe salmon. And I'm too poor to buy my own dinner 
omg. I pray to God that I'm not getting sick. its always the worst 
I got in a fight with my boyfriend/soul mate and left now he's gone. God damn it. I hate fighting with him, it's so lame. 
Someone asked me to help him pay income tax for him, and I accidentally sent all the details to someone else.  God I am so scatterbrained.
Just saw Transformers 2 the other night with my lady, God it sucked! One of the worst summer films ever 
@JackAllTimeLow God! lucky youu jack! i didnt got the chance to watch cause im in boarding school  hw was it?
has woke up, got his breakfast, drank a cuppa tea but his phone has broke  thank God its insured!!
Oh God just woken up and annoyed at the fact that i have to go to college this morning 
In going to make him regret notputting an effort in our relationship....... God I miss that boy  I really wish I didnt
@deburca God love a technical hitch - sorry about that 
@Joobz God dammit, are you serious. I was so sure I'd get into your pants soon 
...saying goodbye to my other half this morning  thank God for airplanes and vacation time!
not on the mood for food!  but thank God I'm not(yet) eating disorder or something...
Morning why do u come so soon  ughhhh. God is great and greatly to be praised!!!!
God how I hate getting up early 
God, I could cry.... 
Working again today  God i wanna be out with the sun!!!
big day tomorow...God have mercy 
Why do u need a Board to control stock exchange movement? Y o God Y???   And y do i have to read abt it? Y o God y???    
@Mommykins41 mee tooo  she was such a good person. but she's ok now, she's with God!
God sho love him some me  feeling really really blessed tonight++++++
God is a faithful God...i said promising and promising it was. Time for bed...so tomorrow may bring another beautiful day  goodnight luvs.
@michellecottis  God! how many Tweets do you make a day. I have 89407 calls left for today 
leave the irreparable past in God's hands and step out into the irresistible future with Him! 
God damn shaun is depressing 
@samiyusuf Alhamdulillah  so happy to hear that.. God bless you.
@ushanarya hey.....bro.....u both were look like made for each other.....nd i must say.......she is a sweet girl... God bless u both.. 
its goin b a starbucks day...i need caffeine  going into a lil worship w my team!! get excited and ready for God to do big things!
in other news, ez link card was found and returned after 3 days. praise God 
@randallfriesen When I stop reading or when God tells me to go. 
after a good night sleeping, i'm in my work recording the meeting again...  God bless all in this new day or in your night my twitters!
so sleepy still. I am inspired though to wish everyone a great tuesday. God bless everyone! 
searching for the answer, because when you are stuck all you have to do is look. God already gave us all the answers  cant wait to go home
@christinamendez: My list is short; so does that mean the my God is huge too?  LoL  
laughter is indeed the best medicine! whatever ur situation today,find a reason 2 smile wholeheartedly!  God is good,faithful&amp;loves u &lt;3
I thank God for coffee 
its cold in my house. thank God for hoodies! 
is thanking God for this week!..year almost over!! 
Eternally grateful for my God given friends (family), they keep me sane. And boost my ego!! 
Today has started out perfect. God's awesome 
is going to spend this beautiful day God has made with my family 
God, i'm exhausting... came home with the sun rising! 
God I feel so tired  age kicking in? :p it's just 23:44...
God i love the family cabin up n the mountains 
@jennettemccurdy  oh my God! you're amazing! your voice is incredible and this song is awesome! I can't wait for your record!!  
&quot;love is a song, and God's love is the music&quot; 
@brianangelday26 i respect your decision, but please always believe in the gift God has given you. 
Oh God drunk people. I'm still pretty though 
@vesselproject the broken-hearted hear from God like never before if we allow Him to...i know, i am that person.  God is ever so near!  
Just woke up. God weather here in oslo today. Looking foward to going out and eating with my mom. 
@radiomann1 God morn! 
just woke up and i feel so out of it! but i know God will move in both services this morning! excited to perform with ccy and festival! 
&quot;be ready. God is coming soon&quot; church signs are my favorite part of a roadtrip 
Just ordered french fries and sausage for snack. Helps me concentrate. What's for dinner? God I juz can't stop eating 
@qutdimpleListen to your gut feeling. That little voice telling you what you should really do, God put that there for a reason, it's Him 
thanks God.. after the fluuw, here come the cough.. nicee!!  http://plurk.com/p/p014g
is so thankful to God for allowing me to see the light of another day 
God is all mighty, all powerful, and He calls me friend...what peace is that! 
@maizey12 God I want to be there so badly 
Fact #18 - I am a Christian. I would be nothing without God 
I only just need God , it's enough  becoz at the end of the day. it's God that you need to please and not.. humans
is amazed at how God gives us rain and sunshine all in one day 
is gonna head to bed. God is amazing. So powerful. 
@INDIGOLACE Yes, God is good!!   She got a sweeeeeet deal on it too!
more than meets the eye - fascinating glimpses of God's power and design. He's a creative and genius God. 
Long good night, God was there and I feel like we all walked away with Him smiling down on our feeble efforts.  excited to be used agian.
@mileycyrus don't worry, you'll be fine  God bless you xD
Oh, how I wish @johncmayer  would say hello to me on a tweet.  That man is a God in my eyes...and ugh, the body....okay I'm done 
God-spammed instead. Replied with 'Dystheist, I - I meet your trickster god's baleful eye, and urge him to die. Keep thy God to thyself.' 
@ninkompoop picture please, so it will feel like I have been shopping too  back to my pixie self, God I hate mondays!!! but I like you!
@mileycyrus hey! how are you doing? t u upset?:/ hope u're ok  God bless You
feels so good and peaceful after a heart to heart talk w/ God  http://plurk.com/p/p5xqw
@mileycyrus aw hang in there... God is beside you through it all. remember that. 
God i need to get my internet working! Lol  xxx
@chocnut second opinion? after saying God is cute? 
@ginabad thanks,   was on way to work this morning and said, &quot;I feel awfully God-dipped today.&quot; LOL
I'm at my friends house, about to do God knows what,  should be at school...but im sick  hmmmm whats to days date? 4/20/09? niceeeeee
@tvprincess God heard me, thunderstorm only on the club, i am the boss 
@moonfrye I am a true believer in my ability to live up to my God given potential and be a successful, independent woman and mom! 
thinking about how awesome God's Word is!!! what would I do without this book?!? lol I love it so much!! 
oh gosh! starting to feel the presure of the next few weeks! thanks be to God that ive traded my burden and things arent so heavy anymore 
@painyboi oh God I really hope it is 
God, what a glorious day! And hark at me being all in a good mood 'n' shit! 
God lasts. No matter how many brain cells burn out tonight after hours &amp; hours rotting away in the lib. That's my comfort right now 
first school at 12 am!  I'm REALLY in my happy place right now. God bless that disease! (sorry teacher! *bigeye*)
God day everyone! How are u doing today? 
God has really changed my outlook and the way i see things.    
@munkimatt saying nothing either, I'm speachless  God you've got balls.. I mean to dress like that in public, not that you can see em lol
@robluketic no the devil is in the details and God is in the beauty that emerged from the details.  
communicate verbally. I love email &amp; twitter a lot more! I actually talk with u guys more than my own family! God bless u guys! NiceOne 
Headed for the Keys in a few days with the husband! Thanks God for grandparents to watch our sweetie. 
God i love nights like these 
God bless my tweeps.  get it.. twitter peeps.. tweeps.. yep.
Just finished bible study about an hour ago  thank you God for a successful bible study! we live for you and only for you Lord!!
spending time with God priceless 
Nitey nitey loveys hope everyone had a safe fun an blessed day an evening... God bless everyone out there 
is headed to the bedroom to watch TV and chill with the hubby for the night. God bless and rest easy, folks. 
@TinyDelights God morning  have fun with that
@selenagomez you listen to phil wickham?!!! Wow that's grreatt! God is good 
Picture this, bali, drinking malibu watching hugh jackman surfing wrestling with the waves. God! I sound like such A perv! 
Just woke up...time 2 praise God!!! I luv it 
@RickGallagher you are one amazing child of God's...thank you being connected!! 
loves God! today is going to be a good day 
@4everBrandy youre so beautiful by the way, i love your new profile pic!!!!! God i wish i can be amazing like you!!!! 
@Jonasbrothers I can't wait. God bless you guys! 
@davecruse just go finished. I hope God sends headwinds both directions for you too. 
Obsessing over housing. But thanking God for his provision! 
@heidimontag best saturday for you .. my grandpa has just died , but at list he's with God now 
I guess this is good night. God bless! 
if i were God i could make another cat out of all this cat hair..i'm glad i'm not God. 
Just got back to okc from one of the most awesome proofs of how our God can show up and work thru storms in our life...literally! hahaha 
Writing mum a note for her 1-2 grade class. God love the little people, cause without them, there could be no little sisters to badger 
still in hawaii....still playing golf....still enjoying life....still thank God everyday...still love my wife..still trying to have a kid 
more exams coming this week but it is definitely less stressful  thank God.
such a great sunday! expo to jurong west? cin cai lah hahahaha. =D thanks God 
@mahoganydymond ...oh God !... well stretch first.. 
I'm really open to new people, and God knows how many international friends I have, but if you rank high on my wierdometer, sorry 
@TwistedHelen dear God, something about the way he chews on his bottom lip...I keep going back and looking at that pic again and again 
going to tell God for my chocolate covered strawberries from godiva my new cole haan purse and new perfume! 
what a beautiful sunday morning...God's gift to us. 
Sunday morning mass...God is good, all the time &amp; all the time, God is good 
God bless the underdogs out there!!! 
@purpleprincess3 I'm at the race track with hubby thank God 4 my laptop and cell phone connection!!! 
Raining ?? Thanks God, I truly need it !! It will a cooling night to sleep  wee ~~~
is inspired to continue spreading God's love to the families and friends of E8!  - http://tweet.sg
nothing will come between me and God. I desire more! He's requiring more of me 
@Reformare  thank you, God willing, I'd be very grateful for your prayers, that will add another ring to the bullseye 
My God son is on his way into the world 
has a chiropractor apt. at 9am.. then 2 more applications.. something is saying that tom. is the day... praying its God speaking... 
Going to be excited, joyful, hoping in, trusting in, expecting from, and delighting in God! Yay! I love God sooo much. Can't get enough. 
is happy tonight. God is sooo good. 
Feeling pretty content for a change. God is good! 
@marialavis Hey! I'm just logging back in and I see you're writing about sinful things! God created us, and in 7 days, mind you! 
Night.  God is love.
How good is God! Always knowing the desires of your heart and knowing the right time to deliver  Psalm 37:4
oh and i'm loving this rain more than anything!!  God bless you all! love love love 
@iamjonathancook aww you remember her birthday, you are an amazaing friend and you are also very talented!  God bless 
@jeremycamp omg i didn't know you  were following me?! that is aweome! &gt;.&lt; God bless you!!!!!! 
@NatalieGrant bribery worked for me, although I had two toddlers, but at different times not all at once   God speed girl!
Have lots 2do as usual! laundry, thanking God, cleaning house, praising God, cutting the hedge and thanking and praising God some more! 
@squeakmouse73 praying to be humble is always dangerous, He will answer you  (God gives grace ...)
When you think about it, the way God works in tremendously, amazing -- He made it possible for me to get my card holder that I lost back. 
asks thnx for gritiNg    take caRE Too  God BleSS http://plurk.com/p/rqo76
Spending quality time with my family! God knows I need this right now... 
God is so good!! 
Instead of telling God how big my problems are, I like telling my problems how big God is!  http://bit.ly/5ofzj
just had a great talk with grace about how awesome God is and how he works...that somehow started with how remote controls work 
to overcome whatever darts the enemy may try and stop you with. We've gotta stay focused tweetz!  God bless you. 
thank God we finally found her! 
@justinbrighten happy birthday justin! have a lof of fun!!! God bless 
I think the sun and the moon are God's way of reminding us that he's always watching over us. 
@RedRosePetals  God bless that oh-so-sexy rahul picture
With my baby drinking. God I love her 
@iamjonathancook goodnight, God bless 
God, i lOVE quizzes. when i get my phone im gonna be on it 24/7 doing facebook quizzes. 
i'm celebrating my mother!!  and also celebrating my legacy as a woman of God.
@DeanBenninger God bless you my dear friend...  
forgot the pin of my debit card. thank God the card still works after several attempts. just bought cake for sister's birthday. wheew!  
Our God is an awesome God, He is a God of 2nd,30th,100th chances..I give Him ALL the glory for my 2nd chance at 'love'.. Am still stunned 
@zjelektra that's how it is supposed to be and sometimes we get too busy to recognize that but always family after God 
last drops of the thesis... God let it end today. 
loves the beautiful morning and thanking God for such an amazing mom and for being able to spend all day with her yesterday! 
I hope my archufriend could come to the concert. I HOPE!! God bless him! 
If you know God, you know your Self. 
I'm in my car going home... Does service was amazing!!! God bless all.. 
bbq with the neighbors and more MAGICness!! God i love summer time 
is back in action...believing God for breakthroughs after breakthroughs in this season! 
&quot;we have been given God in our souls &amp; Christ in our flesh.&quot;  brennan manning
@ChristianDesign Your welcome  and God bless.
loved being a pastor tonight. God moves in the craziest ways and I get to watch! 
@Claudia_12 You see I made you laugh. God I am sooooo nice  LOL oh God even I crack myself up.
@NickCannon love love LOOOVE that quote! it is soo true!   there is nothing that God cant handle! 
Oh God, if you are there, please make the nausea and pain stop...I'll be good and this time, I'm not crossing my fingers  
Who knew &quot;the pain shall set you free&quot;?  I'm Free! God, you truly are one unfathomable God 
The tornado warning is finally over, thank God  now time to sleep!
Collosians 1:17 - He is before all things, and in Him all things hold together. - Our hope is in God alone to make all things new... 
@yasexy cus..God made the chicken that produced eggs &amp; eventually multiplied in more chickens.....  im guessing.....lol
@DavidArchie hi david. I just read my friend's tweet about you. She really likes you.hihihi God bless! 
@theunderbelle actually i'm @God  *gubraaaakkk* *kejatohan langit*
@derekma hahaha... dear friend you'll never know, this summer goes to the fam??????????????????????  only God-willing of course. missyall!
@craiggower i know this sounds random: i'm very much a &quot;fan&quot; of your piano playing skills.  God bless.
thanking God in advance 
Amen. Thank you Lord. I rejoice today because faithful is my God. 
sinus surgery = hell. good thing God blessed me with great pain killers. BEST FRIENDS 
got off lightly without having to do the demo! God bless new starters 
God sends me a load, but never an overload! 
enjoying strawberries, thank you God 
@marcosrfj God listen! Thanks for the support! 
Tomorrow the selection result will come out!! God, I know You will give only the best for me, whatever it is  I love u God!
@karleigh good night! God bless you! 
@petite811 ninang!!!!  tama relax mode. for now... hehe! missing all of you!!! see you in 2 weeks God willing!
@natfejos congrat on ur wedding! God bless your marriage! 
argh... what kind a friend I have God... 
Getting ready for church feel yucky but hopefully it'll still be a great day!  God bless ya'll!! 
Our God is an Awesome God.. had this beautiful morning @ church thank God &amp; everyone else.. 
I dislike rainy days. But its God's way of doin whatev he does, so I don't mind. 
back from uni-ya camp!  was a great time of worship, fellowshipping and getting my heart rended and reconstructed by God 
it has been way to long since ive had a defense vitamin water, God is good 
God is so good!!! 
Its a beautiful sunday wish it wasnt so windy making it cold but at least the sun is out!  thank God for another day 
@russw: God's plan for raising parents is kids!  
@mileycyrus hey i think ur a great role model despite ur flaws we all have flaws but Jesus still loves us right? i love u &amp; God bless! 
cont... God wants to grow us even when it does not feel good. It is the hard times when we learn the most!  
God bless everyone today  Just came home from church, need to clean this house up....umm god can you do that for me please? LOL
I LOVE God, he goes hard for me when no one else will 
God's arms are the perfect place to run. 
Thanks God 
I feel God in this service! God is ggrrreeeaaattt 
God is just so wonderful  i just got a flat and this nice young man just stopped and took charge. What a blessing 
i was not made to wear dresses. i like to kick my legs too much lol. but thaat is why God invented bike shorts 
nite all my tweeps! God loves u so much  and so do I
goodnight everybody!!! tomorrow school (I won't go)  love you all, God bless you &lt;333
had a great service today at church! Everything was awesome!  God is so good!
@DavidArchie everybody here in the Philippines loves you! hope you can reply, it would mean the world to me! God bless and more power! 
God give me the strength to get up and go to the gym be4 work! Goooodnight 
Home from school  thank God
@jaesonma the crusade was totally awesome!! I watched online the last day and it was 27,000 viewers. Awesome God! God bless you Pastor! 
Thanks to God, the server comes back  http://chilp.it/?d03606
God is good, all the time.  It's time we started believing it.
I have so much school work to do , thank God it's summer in a few weeks ; now all I have to worry about is work . Waiting on my pink ball 
@MGiraudOfficial My one year old daughter is still waiting for her shout out.! LOL God's blessings to you. 
eff it, reading.  thank you God for everything you've given me.
@DavidArchie hello david  im from the philippines.. take care and God bless you always!! 
Hey tweeters good night and God bless you  @RobKardashian hope u sleep well in ur new room handsome ;-)
About to go to my first day at my new job - not scared - with my God I can do anything, I can scale a wall 
read 2 timothy today! it was amazing  &quot;light up God`s gift in you !&quot;
nevermind, the best album of the century in my opnion. God I fucking love nirvana. 
trance is God's gift to the world 
Adios all  have a blessed evening and continue to put God first 
so eager 2 join boanerges camp! forget abt the stupid love thingy,live my life 2 the fullest&amp;serve my God!  @lentt @fellice @stellachandra
@JoReynolds55 Me neither, Lord only knows what it was mean't to be! God bless her 
&quot;God is great, Beer is good, and people are crazy&quot;...only in a country music song 
searching for my line-up this 31st. kabado nnman. haha!  go for God!
I'm made in God's image, as are you. 
@mileycyrus hi miley...  i love watching you and i love all your songs...God bless you more in your career!...
@KeepinUpWKris God Beless you and ur family also 
is thanking God for espresso  and milk 
I woke up soper-duper late, but got to work incredibly early.  ready for a good day; anything is possibe w/ u God.
@Rissani God, that is geeky.  
With God on ur side anything is possible.... 
@karijobe Maybe God will use you to change the course of someone's life today!  Be encouraged!
considers the rain and wonders, &quot;What on earth did you do to make God cry?!&quot; 
God never ceases to amaze me 
@munteng hehe.go skul not to say study but play better stay at home and study  haha but thatnk God for Pengetua for defending me
Thanks for following me  God bless, xo @EPiTRiP, @Suzzanefudeudf, @demiephillips &lt;3
but what's keeping me alive is God, i can't imagine my life without Him. 
God bless them! 
I asked God for all things, that I might enjoy life...He gave me life, that I might enjoy all things...let that marinate... 
@SamLuminate I love how you always have something about God in your tweets  thank you! I always need it.
hopes today will work out as planned! please God 
God will only do the part u cant do! If you focus on the natural God will focus on the Supernatural..  God gave u two hand 4 a reason..  
thanks God for small group and for a good night of sharing 
Has God ever just made you laugh? If we would just let go &amp; let God have His way, we'll be alright! 
says selesai juga natto anak2nya parish.....untung da nyampe rumah baru hujan...thx God  sekarang ngurusin ... http://plurk.com/p/veydz
@michaelpokocky I am sooo blessed &amp; honored with ur kind words  God bless 
Just finished my performance exam. It went good! Thanks, God! 
will be walking across a packed stadium in front of friends, family, and God tonight to turn a tassle and begin a new chapter in my life 
I just sooooo love cake. &lt;3 thank God for cake! 
@willcarling God i`m well trained  How are you on this dull day ?
enjoyed some much needed prayer time with an amazing God yesterday 
Going to be making a video today! God willing. 
God always have a plan for his lambs 
still haven't been to sleep yet.... got some awesome news though. God is making a way!! 
only 9 more days of school, thank God. 
My 4 year old Immanuel prayed to God to get the power turn on again. 10 minutes later... &quot;and there was light!&quot; 
@alancostello very well thanks, busy but great  I wonder if my little sisters graduation is this week too? God I feel old now, lol
@ezstreet yes! Our God is an awesome God 
@ileonardo15 Haha for me it is! God bless at work today! miss ya 
@TraciKnoppe God luck with that 
I am going to answer all the tweets and messages directed to me now, God, I missed you, friends. 
My hubby is finally home, got an itouch, and an interview next week! God must love me so much 
God, how i love rain 
@allanzzz oh allan!!  may God give you strength and energy today esp with all the driving and work you have. 
Spending the day outside playing games with my kids...thank you God for a beautful morning! 
don't know why i am not exicted on my upcoming bday.. but then i thank God for another year of my life... 
@Songdreamer I am. If God wakes me up I'm obligated to smile  praise him
@jfwalton God bless on your home group. You picked a good book (The Faith) to discuss 
thanks God for another day 
@percherondance because there is an amazing weird guy out there and God needs you to complete him! Be patient &amp; encouraged 
off to bed...thank you God for another beautiful day 
@iamdiddy yo diddy congrats. but really though i know you believe in God, so do refrain from calling us followers, we are more like fans 
Man! I gotta figure something out, I wanna ball till I fall with my gift that god has blessed me with...umnn, God, are u there? bless me! 
Admiring the stars in the way home from swing dancing. God did real good.  I killed a man tonight. Baha!
thank God! I only have 1 class today 
I just won $4 on a scratcher. God is smiling down on me tonight. 
@Jotebro Tyvm!  God is good!! 
iam now signing off with a with a &quot;good night and may God bless you all tonight&quot;. 
why is it that some times you just need a friend to 'yell at you' to make you move forward? good thing she did! God ur soo good! 
feels unworthy to be where i am. only by his mercy and grace am I here.  He is the God of chances. He gave me another chance 
thank God for the blessing 
i dont want to be home right now, i want to be with people, enjoying this beautiful life we have been given by God who is in love with us 
@shelbygrapes I can't wait to see you too... I miss you so much.. and btw.. God is good... 
@deon God bless them  #donlot
Copycats wanna be like me that`s why they follow my footsteps and imitate what am I doing..God, they ..... nevermind.. 
trying to finish this english.. only 20 lessons to go! Then i'm good until i get back.  if it works out. It's all in God's hands! 
is interested to see what God's will is 
Doesn't know what God's plans are but wishes to follow them even if they make no sense to her 
thanks God, today isn't really hot 
God is currently cleaning the air. Its raining, to prevent an outbreak of AH1N1 here. 
God someone teach me how to use this! 
God bless my ex-boss for makin my day! 
God bless hope office possibility 
@AnnieDesantis My mother used to tell me &quot;When you hear lightning, it's because God is bowling.&quot; I liked that - it made God sound fun  
A riddle for your mind  &quot;What's more powerful than God, more evil than the devil, and if you eat it, you will surely die...?&quot;
@rbrtpttnsn http://twitpic.com/64rks - oh my God!!  U`ve scared me))) the pic is amazing 
Gooooooooooodmorning! The sun is up and shining. It's a beautiful day. Just right for graduation, thank God! 
