Most common words for this cluster:
[('god', 1180), ('bless', 210), ('thank', 193), ('jesus', 188), ('lord', 173), ('day', 147), ('i', 124), ('pray', 111), ('quot', 90), ('amp', 88), ('today', 84), ('time', 72)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'God', 0.9129217863082886), (u'Mans_REBELLION', 0.7923595309257507), (u'unto_Thee', 0.7591338753700256), (u'O_LORD', 0.7519120573997498), (u'Isaiah_#:#-#', 0.7377792596817017), (u'Psalm_###:##-##', 0.7371959090232849), (u'Psalm_#:#', 0.7360147833824158), (u'Isaiah_##:##-##', 0.7357770204544067), (u'Ps_##:#', 0.7330752015113831), (u'Jehovah_God', 0.7325614094734192)]





My goodness, it's freezing down here !!!!! 
@beachbassbone: roomie was home all day. All he had to do was scratch at the door. Comforter has to goto large laundromat machines. 
So... Tired... God I hate the new job, and only two days in 
It's official! I'm going to have an educational summer. Owh God. Bless me 
@Hetty4Christ heh, yeah, I shakily conquered the ladder. Pointless job, tho. We're too far away to receive digital signal w/ antenna. 
@TexasVegetarian Oh, God, ow.  That must have hurt like a bitch.  
@MissCassandra StiLL on my &quot;Lions &amp; Tigers &amp; Bears&quot; shyt.............  but GOD is gOOd consequently, I wiLL be tOO
What a day! So busy, my head hurts from thinking too much! Annnd tomorrow will be the same. Woe is me 
Just finished watching the new Heroes episode....God, I can't wait for next weeks episode  Heroes FTW
I'm all snuffly and then hot and cold, tired and bunged up.  Woe is me 
Went to the dentist today... totally as a last resort... totally broke now too!! God damn the dental industry needs competition policies 
Sore throat. Please God, don't make me sick  Sleep time, night all x
Oh my God I am in so much pain.... off to lay down and take more Oxycodone. 
Just watched this week's episode of House. Oh my God - it was so sad  made me cry.
Realized it's Holy week &amp; my pastor mother is going to have to fit in hospital time between services &amp; whatnot. No bueno for her. 
needs a new 'looking good for Jesus' mirror..mine broke.. 
Why, Why god why? 
I'm at the vet with my chandra.  Bless her heart her tummy is bloated.  
Pixies! I woke up late because I forgot to set my  alarm correctly! Woe is me for I shall be hungry without breakfast in my stomach 
@ItalianAmerNet  Amen to that 
2 young men with suit/tie at my door talking about God, Jesus... Took me 15 seconds to get rid of them. Poor guys... Completely lost... 
@krm_bia oh Jesus I need some starbucks in my life right now. I was gonna be late to work if i picked it up 
Pray for Collin, he just had a stroke. I hope he's gonna be okay.  
Copernicus has to have surgery today   Pray for my kitty please
@johncmayer  http://twitpic.com/3i61e kid dressed as an angel using Jesus' head for a trick-or-treat bag. faded all to fuck 
So much pain  Haha. God, Kayla, we're stupid.
@idotstax  thank goodness you don't drink
@teammxjacobb Lord Bella ur bf is mean!!!!  
made it to CHICAGO but our group luggae with aaaaalll the costumes didn't  The devil is busy but God aint sleep. And we gone kill the show
is learning about the seven deadly sins. WOW, I am a sinner. 
God who let me drink so much!!!! Late to class 
sin bateria 
oh no...oh no...oh no.... fake cm to check on Him was a bad idea...now i'm panicking over a response 
@Gailporter Oh my God. I am so sorry to hear that. I really hoped I was picking it up wrong 
I was very touched by his prayer.Obama needs the Lord.If you have Jesus in your heart,you don't have His initials covered up. 
Disappointed with Survivor. God. 
dear Jesus please don't let me to blind 
I am humbled. Read &quot;Raising Godly Tomatoes&quot; and realized I've been too focused on myself and my wants rather than raising Godly children. 
@Jesus_M_Christ  I was just asking ...ok 
All the King's Men We Rule \/ Pray just PRAY 
Mornin twitters, gonna have sum breakfast and go to work   God bless you on this holy day xxx
Sitting with Lotte. We had to do a newspaper-paper round at 7.40 am /: God, I'm so tired! And I've got a hangover  GREAT!
My god I feel rough! And I've got 3k run to do 
@kimbarweee aw bless you 
it was a beautiful day with one dear to me.. but not all of them  ~...i pray for strength daily, Lord please grant me the serenity...~
a beautiful day spent with ones dear to me.. but not all of them  ~...i pray for strength daily, Lord please grant me the serenity...~
@pezholio pocketweet(tm) ftfl  Sorry about that. I'm currently in Bullring. God help me!
needs 2 reevaluate her actions dis wknd....she knows she let Him down...again 
The change of weather in NYC got me feeling sick. Not feeling good right now so I won't be at church 2day God I needed to hear ur message 
I made Thirteen mistakes at this morning's service.  I counted. Sorry, God. 
@nicholasmegalis I'm an oldschool Joker fan even before Heath Ledger, God rest his soul. 
@cassandrasteele Awe I wanted to see Dog Sees God so bad!! But I live too far away, and they're done now 
last nite was crazy.... now i feel so crappy.... God please forgive me and i cant afford to do this again EVER. i miss being with stephen 
OR paper tomorrow, Lots of things still out of focus for me . God help me in paper . Bless me good luck 
God, MSN's being WELL stupid  wadda let down
Thank God Rafa won - my weekend would have been a complete disaster if he'd lost too. IMO Fergie made a huge error of judgement. 
Just finished in ichiban. Took me right back to Tokyo. God I miss that place 
Gloomy + Humid weather = sleepyness  need to finish tons of things for today plus 5K run later. so help me God!
@lindza You broke your nose! Holy crap! How did you do that? I hope your okay 
WoW is the devil... but it looks fun 
god save me from pplsoft 
My Mum had a minor stroke last week  I am worried for her, she has been my only family since I can remember. God bless you Tamilla.
Tweet!: 10:33 God, I feel like hell this morning. 10:35 @ SerenitySprings Aww, that blows. A lot.  10:37 Also,.. http://tinyurl.com/dnzpug
Tweet!: 10:33 God, I feel like hell this morning. 10:35 @ SerenitySprings Aww, that blows. A lot.  10:37 Also,.. http://tinyurl.com/dnzpug
God this sucks, Aunt flo came yesterday and now I am cramping like mofo,I need some pain killers...then maybe I can get back to sleep. 
I forgot I had an afternoon of training and decided to take a late lunch. Now I won't get my full lunch  Woe is me
Need to attempt several cake projects with veral children screaming and running in the house - thank God we don't have an apartment 
God I hate Cook, yet I like him. Why was him and Panda adorable 
@rperdio @waynestanford God-awful direction and lack of continuity were my biggest peeves. 50% of casting was questionable. SFX FAIL too 
Oh God, I'm off now  Will text twitter me thinks &gt;.&lt; Gonna be a longggggg day  xx
Its 8.15am, sat in subway waiting for the shops to open @ 9, so can get some flat shoes. God! These heals are killing me. 
My starving tummy is craving for BurgerKing   I haven't eat all day n now we're trapped in traffic.Thx God I hv a faithful driver,my  ...
Ok. I may deserve this as my plan is now not coming together - my internet is buggered. God this is a crap pace to work 
God damn art frustrates me.   WHY can't an idea just come tome ! 
@paulie I spied you briefly at Satan's but then you disappeared? I was late and drunk after bbq-based boozing 
http://telekompaketet.se/ what is going down in Europe  God damn.. stop messin' with our internets!
@vikaskt Hehe... I don't have a cross in office tho... Would a Bible do? I only have the New Testament! 
I just can not understand Classes. Woe is me 
Finally home after a long day. Going to sleep now, God! I wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 
A LOVING relationship I've been in for, wait for it, THREE YEARS&gt; God forbid we plan marriage and children. What are we thinking? 
Thanking GOD for Callie tonight-she wasn't meant to be a guard dog but she saved me tonight...there is NO WAY I will sleep...I gotta move 
*sigh* Okay, guess I'll just draw more Togekiss all over my math notes and rewatch gossip girl  God I'm so gay.
My little china duckie dish that I've had since I was a baby just fell off the shelf and smashed  Woe.
God hates me. Lady Gaga sold out in 20 fucking minutes. 
NLT have split up? 
Oh My Lord ive been totally neglecting twitter  been so busy 
Thank God the sun is shining on the weekend!! Now if I just didn't have to work 
@ellendecoo Heard about Beck's you're either w/Jesus (&amp; our narrowly-defined, culturally-bound definition of marriage) or against Jesus. 
Wife is dragging me off to go shopping today. Please pray that God gives me stamina! Only one vehicle so escape is impossible! 
time to prepare for the funeral  wow what a day , dear Jesus I need you..........
misses her mill, her recumbent bike and her wax therapist; Dear God, let it be 2nd June soon  http://plurk.com/p/rekuu
@Alexielyne hahahhaha knew it. Him&amp;adel can bond.. Haha I don't know what to wear tonight 
@Jesus_Calvillo  I wanted to go so bad
@Savior I'm going to be doing it again soon  I'm all about paid labour these days!
The backyard sky is starting to look like armegeddon. The front view looks like paradise. God's about to bring the rain. Sorry @AuntGomer 
24 cases of swine flu in Calfornia. Bless my life. 
This pizza smell is sooo strong  And it made my belly hurt! Damnear Divine is on now &lt;3
Every weekend feels like politics. Full of strategies, manipulations and dominations. God I miss my simple weekends 
@jazznworldguy I agree, but fear many are not feeding their flock and their sheep are scattered  Ezekiel 34
diggin her..but cannot have her at all. i feel like GOD is teasin me. 
@Hetty4Christ Interestingly enough, we are flying a family out of Chad whose little girl is having them also  Pray for their flight!
I've got a sore throat and I wish I was in bed  .. . Woe.
I was going through my phone and saw a picture of Jamie. God I miss her. 
decided to stay at home and not spread my flu to anyone in church. forgive me Jesus 
&quot;I could stand here for hours just to ask God the question: Is everyone here make-believe?&quot; -MP  :&quot;&gt;
@ayeashleigh lolage, god i need to get pissed  haha
can't wait for this terrible week to end!  Praying next week will be much much better!
a BFN again   I am okay though I will lean on God and He will sustain me.
Good morning twitterville.....I was supposed to be going to church but I woke up late  I've got to get it together.... I miss my God
Seems like the whole weeks gonna b nasty  thnxz Jesus or god whoever controls the weather
I'll be a good parent LOL omg I have to feed  Him like everyday   http://twitpic.com/4hch4
finished HW..... reading Lord of the Flies... 
Wow, thank God that I'm a fast reader.   I have 1500 more e-mails to READ, not sort through, that will be another day 
DVD night... I'm thinkin yes!!  God I hate bein sobar on a Bank Hol weekend!! 
@Teresamerica sweetie, I fear that the powers that BE are just into the NWO now, perhaps its time to just pray that God's Will be done 
Aaaaaaaaaa the day has changed and I haven't finished studying chem yet  ooo sweet Jesus forgive my laziness...
Pray that VE doesn't cancel on me again tomorrow 
@princesscrys AHHHHHHHHH so we finally napped yeah?? GOD  what a weekend shoot meeee 
&quot;I can't seem to find my own sense of disregard. Lord knows I'm hurting for you. I feel so benign not having control of this.&quot;   
This person behind cough like crazy on me. I hope I don't get the swine flu. Pray for me please. 
God !!!!!!!!!! Bless me (. Final exam 
Just got home from school . . . THANK GOD !!! - going 2 get my assignments done 
My reviewers fail. God, I'm not going to have persona do something horrible to personb. Jesus. Seriously?  And I'm a bad person. *sigh*FML
@unsung_one Holy shit that sucks!   I dunno their number  - sorry.  damn that sucks.
GOD plz help me out of this dull life~!~!~! 
http://twitpic.com/4ja61 - The Smootcher Tiki. God rest her soul 
@Lord_Kartz I love mythology too...but, nope...guess I have the bad habit of sticking to mainstream titles always 
is at dancing waiting to start. Thou can't stop thinking about all the uni work I have left to do 
@Lord_Kartz yeah me too 
@Lord_Kartz  well not reely i feel just the opp. I'm using chrome and badly missing firefox 
Pray for my doggy, she miht be getting put to sleep today 
Oh my god, I'm starving and we're still not there yet 
I want the sun to come out!  Why does it seem like it's gloomy all the time   come on God South K.C. needs and wants some SUN!
@siphotwit God nooooooo I'm so jealous  Which one is it?
@sanspoint God, I've always wanted to go to a Chiptune show. You don't know how much I envy you right now. 
Lord, help me get over this man... 
Nite, nite - good God, I hurt everywhere from being up and on my feet almost all night last night 
@David_Henrie i wish you would reply  i think you are amazing. i know you won't reply though. i can only hope you do. God Bless xo
@tercowas inshaAllah it passes and you feel better soon 
god this is retarted. and u made me feel bad 
Is about to continue a paper that is is due in 15 minutes and I'm not even half done  Pray for me
Doesn't look like I'll be getting lucky with an iPhone.  God hates Foxxy.
Mi amor left n I miss Him already 
@brazilian_angel Not 1 text 
@weeping_angel i want to be sore from headbanging too... 
Jesus said ima Jew cuz i dun go to church that often  http://plurk.com/p/sv911
All i can say is, thank God i have tw and st to fangirl over right now. Cause if i didnt, id probably be crying in a corner about spn... 
Me Arrepiento - Alex Ubago. God I cry so hard everytime I hear this song 
@HarleyHimself Oh no! God help us 
@therami are u seriouse?????????? :S my god i feel so guilty 
Nature of Belief, Nature of God, Death and the Afterlife and Good and Evil 
Oh Jesus so many freaks at slough with cameras taking pictures of old buses. @vuitton_ just left me, loner now 
@kevinprince I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
@tomtt I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
@PolarisDigital I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one   Woe!
  To all the mothers whose day may not be so happy. God loves you. TLC - Waterfalls ? http://blip.fm/~5zi9g
@hrheingold Whenever I colored outside of the lines, the nuns told me I was making baby Jesus cry 
Morning my Twitts!! 2day is a hard day for me  but ill be spending it with my mom &amp; God mom hope every1 weekenD is going well!! Holla!
My 85 yr old maternal grandma hardly eating and has lost much weight.  Praying she'll regain much appetite soon.
@newmoonmovie Gee thanks for the link to Rob. I thought he was dead (God forbid). He hasn't updated in a while. 
Pray for my mom 
Rest in peace whoever you were 
Ouch. Just watched a guy fall up the stairs w/ his popcorn &amp; pop beside me at the theatre. First thought I had: &quot;Thank God it wasn't me&quot; 
God dammit Magic 
@SteveGarufi  I'll keep you in my prayers.
This movie is emotional  i love it!! I am really sensitive lol &lt;*In God I Trust*&gt;
@yeffclimbs oh goodness 
harddrive crash on producers computer!!! Pray that we get it recovered so that that we can get the video 
was called a 'lesser evil'. 
Sometimes people really make you feel like dirt. Poo.  but these are the times that i can let God's glory shine! -sari
Oh boy! I dunno y'all...staying in the house, taking my meds, closing my window at night...still feeling worse. Pray for ya girl, pls. 
I got the chills and my bones and muscles are aching throughout my body.   Pray for me. I have too much to do &amp; can't afford to get sick.
@trinarockstarr like I told Lala, I'm sorry about the Mavs game. I was there. Saddens me we still have ppl like that around.  God bless.
God i feel rough! I'm really croaky, sore throat, sneezy, mother of a headache. Don't wanna work 
Time for bed. Storms from Nashville headed this way. God, please dont let my dog get scared and eat the carpet again 
God i hate science why do we have to learn about these theories  Rachel is my little grammar checker (L)
Urg still got a sore foot - thank God Craig's responsible for foods tonight. I don't know if I'd trust myself 
@m0php Oh good God, thats so many forms of yuck 
OMG! Lost's finale was completely mind-blowing. God, I love this show. I can't fuckin' wait for next season to begin.8 long months w/o it 
To Canada! God it's early... 
@wearz but god knows how many entrants there is!! 
Ugh! Jus found out my fav momdukes of my hood jus passed away smh  oh God! Tears 4real hold on
@NaomiNay Oh my God, poor frog  Amazing that they managed to save it though!
@Kiminrainbows O, you survived  I thought you were twittering in heaven 
Oh, hi, everyone! Gray, windy and rainy outside.  Thank God, @frankferragine and @AdamStilesCITY forecasting sunshine by this afternoon...
Watching AR since Michael isn't home...praying that God will give us a break and let us be together...&amp; for all the other mess this week 
@MileyCyrusI feel right now, like Jesus is looking down on me with a disappointed face for breaking a promise I made to him. 
@Kalediscope.  I will be praying..we have an Awesome God she will be fine 
Lord I hope i'm not gettin sick....throat is killin me 
so close but Lord knows we are still so far....  
Today sunday and I must to work today oops  Neyniyay day mp3 player Allah sani duzaldanin neca deyallar olanaruva rahmat 
I called on Jesus, but he didn't check his phone today 
@LeonBaloo Hehe, your tweet about Bosnia coincided with Philip Schofield saying &quot;Dear God, who is he?!&quot; I'm so sad I missed it now 
is going to upate all day?! please God, Dont allow monday to come 
@tomrutters Oh my God dude! How sad was it  That last 10 minutes reduced me to MASSIVE tears. Lol.
god sake!!! i am so failin tomoro now!! 
Just saw a terrible accident. Car was flipped and smoking. The people were bloody.  Lord help them.
God my throat is killing me!! Too much sing star!! 
dropping my tears on my face because of .. ohh GOD ! it would be very difficult to say 
@saragarth same god it sucks 
Thnk u God 4wakin me. I overslept &amp;will miss my JuJitsu lesson  Maybe u dint want me 2 get hurt 2day. Plz wake the Lakers. Thk u 4the tix!
@heidimontag I need strength  scripture me!
God damn rain, i cant skate  Oh well apple shampoo...
Peace out kent...peace out aphi mansh 
Procrasination is truly a sin ... I REALLY need to learn chinese  @Cskt DITCHER
@sarahlarson WHAT?! Holy shit, I'm sorry honey 
It's official, I have Swine flu... no not really! Just a bog standard full blown cold. God I feel sick tho 
I'd find it refreshing to see JUST ONE celeb I'm following mention church. Sad that God becomes last and the spotlight becomes first 
Didnt go to church  but I prayed to the Lord about somethings.........
Lord please don't let this guy sit next to me! He got on hi heel boots, a scarf, long nails and ashy hands 
@sherealcool good lord. i'm so sorry it wasn't more fun for you.  now i don't feel quite as terrible about missing it.
@pinpoint_uk cant they sing God Damn Godd or sumfin i know   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
Learnin again for chemistry exam  God thanks when all the exams are over - have a nice day! Bye  Our Party yesterday was great!!!
@Teanah Jesus god no. It was awwwfulllll. 
WHY GOD!? I was so ready to go 4 a walk and now its raining 
Spent the catching up with old friends, God today's has been great besides the broken toe. 
Bloody college system! All I hope now is for God's mercy to me 
Jesus christ, I feel like death - school today and I can't keep my eyes open. Fail 
Just found out the Camp has been cancelled.  BUT!! This means I can make the party I have this weekend! God makes good things happen. 
Jesus is sad that you use bargain grape juice as his &quot;blood&quot; for communion--it makes Jesus feel kinda cheap. 
pretty much bummed out that terminator salvation wasn't as good as the first 2 
@doomydoom Oh God, dear.  That sounds frightening. Hopefully it's something that can be treatable or just a one time thing.
What's wrong with these things? I'm doing nothing about that stuffs. What lame !!  From now, I will re-write my affiliations  God! Help!
@utjenn God, I pmsing and that's the last thing I need to hear.  How do you stop pms???  Bloody chocolate so bad for me... 
Thank God I have tivo and I was gone all week for I can't sleep and the sheep I'm suppose to be counting are keeping me up 
Dear Jesus, I know I missed mass yesterday &amp; watched The Thorn Birds but that is no reason to trap me on the train shuttle w/ bees. 
 what happened to my town!!!! To Morroc!!! Curse you! Satan Morroc!!!!
Is so nervous about today peeps  Truly Blessed
@rebeccao372 bless, would make me cry if i ever get that 
@Angel_of_God  the link won't work for me    but I would!
@spencerpratt I don't think you really answer this thing   Hey, what denomination are you guys?  I love that you are so into God!!
God 4give me....Ima bad influence 2 ppl.....maybe I shud quit twitter     *feelinz hurt*
God, a lot of shows are being cancelled.  First Kings, then TSCC.  Bummerrr.
Jus found out my God mother is in a coma and they will tell us in 24 whether she will live or not SMH 
God, I need a netbook BAD  I can't be tweeting from my mobile forever, I need a fucking PC!!!
@plainlyphyra I can commit suicide anytime of the day if I see him with someone other than me now HAHA. Him and Eve is perfect but... 
Thank God I am home. Still feeling awful though and my crystals still haven't arrived yet.  http://tinyurl.com/cyeboy
@RhoyalTee I honestly hit the water before I even knew what was going on... I was like &quot;wait a minute Jesus&quot;... I called on the Lord 
went to visit the Doctor. Says that I need a bone scan and some P.T. Pray for me, please. 
Pray for my brother...don't ask, just pray. 
Pray for me guys... I really wish I wasn't in such pain 
@BryanMouat morrissey 50? my god do i feel old 
@PandaMayhem LOL! I actually forgot *gasp* I'm a sinner. 
@ilanshemes oh my God! Horrible!  blegh! But it's a good life experience :p food poisoning?
My god i feel rubbish this morn 
@SCC_God But...but they're my friends! 
God, I miss the rock, Even if it was for WWE 
@IndywoodFILMS Lucky bugger! God knows when we'll get the film here in Malta. Everything films are so late, it's depressing 
Very grey blanket across the sky   will there be blue anytime today? God willing
About to take off pray for me  http://twitpic.com/5onio
O GOD! i'm failing mathematic 
@Mikesta *points to the others* Praise them. 
@overpopulated Woe is me y/y?? 
Just copied large block of code and pasted somewhere to get functionality up and running quickly. GOD I fell so dirty!   #antipatterns
Scared, information overload and worried. But still standing to face the future. God give me strength 
Oh. My. God. I feel like I'm going to die! I swear my insides have ruptured or something  I guess I'll go eat some Coco-Pebbles now...
@DKevyKev thy is so damn sad 
@FranklinDavid Amen to that 
At the hospital with my mom. Still trying to get her blood sugar stabilized  God is Sovereign!
It's like losing a kid  I walked until I got blisters looking for her  Pray for me she comes back plz
Going to bed after a bowl and ep of ST TNG, oh God I'm a geek... 
Should've gone for angels &amp; demons 
THANK GOD it's friday. i'm jealous of my boyfriend going to tahoe 
@Perpetual_Kid I have to say  just because the Christian God does not permit turning to &quot;idols&quot; and this is dangerously close.
Rejoicing that Aldeana is home w/ her Savior, grieving because I loved her like a mother. Praying for the Hinkle family during this time. 
@adamski1974 Gah ! Missed it  God bless i player.
Caitlin just called. She got grounded for sneaking out last night. Thank God I didn't. ;) No ice cream for me 2day. 
But thery can pay for ink and paper to capture a murder on camera and print for the world to see. God Bless that babys soul!  she can burn
@Personal__Jesus no more ben  it will be a bittersweet show, will you be there?
@CzarinaE Amen to that girlfriend! lol I think I'm just going write another paragraph and finish it all tomorrow I'm so sleepy 
Will do. God rest her precious soul. 
god dammit 
 Orlando lost r u serious !!! I'm so tight rite now, Thank God I got my Boo 2nite 2 make me feel Better lmaoo ;)
@snailvision Gotcha. I hate when people use Jesus' name to exploit others too. I hate when people use any excuse to exploit. 
i have a date with a Russian God Model Lover and have nothingggg to wear 
In a NUMB state of mind. I feel nothing.  Lord, please bring me happiness once again.
Haven't had my brunch yet, walking long road from the mosque in a this sunny day made me almost black out!! God turn on the AC please.. 
Watching Lord of the Rings extended edition. It has spanish subtitles. 
@Deziree_Divine idk mama all girls fo it. Something to hide 
Aww...  Pray for the arroyo family everyone! 
@daveoflynn Amen to that  
Bought new racquet for $145... wish this racquet will do the  half and God the rest .well despite recession things are fkin costly 
Woe, it's definitely NO fun to travel first class with a bike. You have to fight your way through 7 coaches 'til you reach your seat 
@LatinAngel9393 that is so sad. wish I can do something big for the kids. may God Bless the kids always. 
My modem has been offline for a week now... God bless the 3g network. Tim just left... Again!! May schedule has been brutal 
I have myself barely 4 hrs of sleep and the Lord blessed me with what feels like 8, but it came with a sore throat  pumpin out this paper!
Oh, my God..... The end of the first course))) don't believe in it) but, yeh, so many exams  La-la-la// everything is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!
Jesus Christ meadowhall could do with better air con! Too hot 
Headed to verizon. Praying that pinkberry is going to make it. 
Working  god I hate it haha
i am Marina and i sware to God i'll never again end up studying French till 2 o'clock at night EVER AGAIN...too much drama...sooo sleepy 
@windycitypretty that is sickening... Just shoot at will? Smh... Prayers for his family... 
God, I HATE scary movies. They are not at all. I'm such a wimpy. 
God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. I'm such a wimpy. 
The sun just came out!!! Pray for me guys!!!  Writing skills test   No pass, no class, no graduate -.-
is putting on her &quot;suit&quot; (&amp;dont mean jeans&amp;T)&amp;Heading over 2 T-town 2 deal w/ family emergency PLEZ PRAY 4Us  BE back by 630P God willing!
@Spacerbunny oh that sucks!!!  Thank God for your laptop!!
@greggrunberg I fee your pain its lady Ga Ga and It will drive you insane oh dear God her songs are in my head 
@paulmorrisTIM Cheapest copy of Purusha's Divine Androgyne on Amazon, $140. 
awww bless her. she made me cry 
omds! holly steel, bless her!  x
@eBlondie I know...heartless souls 
@hollie__ Aww bless her. She's one of my faves 
@Sam4God How is she spoilt? She's like 10? 11? That was hard for her to be put up in front of 14m people.  She's really young.
has applied for OSAP yet again- God, I'm gonna owe major $$$ by the end of my academic career, this just ain't right!! 
wishing i was karen from will&amp;grace 
Subhana Allah... I got scare told you i started having anxiety 
Frustrated with life on a whole new level  Trying to trust God in all of this.
fully understands why these cats have cabin fever! Holy crap.. I really wanna be outside!! 
Hubby needs a vacation  Thank God we're leaving for Myrtle Beach in a week!
@conorravo ye it is not fare on me  x
@ce_ci ewww poor you  wish you all the best! thank God there is Rolland Garros this month isn't?! ;P
@summerkristine i want you to go walking with me!! but i still miss my satan 
Oh my Lord, I have no idea if any of this crap I spout is getting to anyone 
@el_juansimon God I'm bored. Wish we could've done something 2night! 
oh God! Bicycle accident just across the street from our house. I think fatal. Cyclist died near same place 2 yrs ago. We need bike lanes 
Bible study cancelled   Study partner started new job with horrible hrs - Pls pray for her that hrs improve and she knows God's  provision
I'm off to bed, so exhausted!! I got a real bad headache  Thank God it's Saturday tomorrow! Xoxo
Texting with mike- god i miss him. 
@jnthnlckwd why pray for me!? 
juss check'd in..middle seat  on da brighterside..rack'n up deez milez..yezzzir..gotta few trippers..and then some..thank u Jesus...
Dear God,  You must think yourself a very funny man, huh?.. 
Pray for me 
hates the feeling of knowing something is wrong and knowing you can't fix it right this second.  The Lord will provide. &lt;3
Oh Jesus. Occasionally my brain has these major epiphanies that bring something incredible to my attention. It hurts when I'm tired 
Should I im brian, or shouldn't I? God so indecisive. His SO hates me. 
OH GOD, this is too real! This film has a crushing depressiveness that is all encompassing. 
@mattdetails Oh god not you too 
Chilling , allllllways drama!!!  Jesus! I love when people actually make
@danluvisiart God, I wanna see it! I can't until Sunday, though. FML 
@ChantiParnell awww  bless you.. 
Faith is trust in God when you do not understand. Sleepy &amp; Such 
Oh lord I'm still packing... 
Co workers got engaged tonight, Hung with her, dang I'm gonna miss her.  Trusting and having patience with God.  His timing, not mine.
just proper cried at that hollie steel breaking down  bless her!!
While others enjoy the sunshine, I'm stuck at home with an aching back and ManFlu.  Woe is me. 
Jesus fucking christ a frog just attacked me!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
i'm soooo hungry  god damned
Please God! Why do Pee Wee's have to play baseball @ 8:00 on Saturday mornings?!!!! I just want to sleep!  http://myloc.me/24JM
I'm watching TNA Sacrifice. Lord have mercy on me 
In cinema with Ella and her new boy group. God im bored 
@ambifauri Ambi! Please stop sending food pics, I'? on a diet for God sake!!!! 
Please pray for @jackrx His motorcycle BROKE big time today on his way home from work. Praise God it did not go down. Broke the block 
@CrZy4Him that's not good!  no ocean play for u next week 
@herojaejoong oppa, i have a stomacache  so bad now~ and miss you so ~ may be in korean it's late. So have a good 9!! Pray 4 u everyday
@Sam4God yeah  is yours on monday too?
Changing the background image should not require an Act-of-God, and a note from my Mommy. #Vexed! 
@newbs_faja Dont skip church Joshie!  God knows everything?
no tweetspiration 2day.  feelin' kinda 'down'. played a bit of God Hand, that usuallie picks me right up... didn't help this time. :/
@nagylover Thank God!  Hope they get rid of all the uninvited guests!!  Sucks to have to wait til Monday though! 
just touched down in L.A. .... off to my photoshoot, so much for beauty sleep  but thank GOD for photoshop lol!
God damn, I seriously think I busted an ear drum. I can't hear SHIT 
@heawood it's a curse 
@Lenixia Omg, r u serious? I'm sorry that happened.  Thank God nothing happened to you, though.
I went back 6 hours but then it kind of froze so i didn't see any of the tweets before malik/gabe     Misha.Is.God.  ....as usual
@Gen215 ROFL following Jesus! Found 1 th othr day had nothin 2 do w God  Jst using His name 2 get traffic 4give them know not what they do
aww bless   how sweet are the judges being #bgt
@MelyssaJane I'm sorry  we kept you out too late and I should've made you go home and rest.  Praying for you...love you.
@Dragoneer Holy crap dude.  It is scum like this ruining the fandom for everyone. 
I'm heading out to the store in a few. Fun times!  God, it's times like this I wish I had a cell phone. I'll see y'all in a little while!
@Sirtaggy he is a real skinny lad for a boxer! Bless him though he hates the sea 
@stonexbaz yes have several for me! I'm a white wine girl, medium. Fancy a baileys now though! God i'm depressed 
Dear God, I talked to my dota last nite - she's crying and wants to go home now...8 more sleeps  pls. take care of her, mum loves her.
@the_apostate I dont know it feels empty without them 
Jesus -&gt; Challenges are what makes life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful ------ 
Ugh. Prayers for the two officers in an accident this afternoon. 
Just got done watching Lord of The Rings 1-3. I know finally know why ppl adore it. And the attempt to fish today was a failure 
God knows i don't want to leave. Dispite the horrid Oklahoma weather, this was the most awesome time I've had in a long long time. 
Pretty sore! The little things frustrate me. I can't believe I can't even pick something up off the floor!  Praying God gives me patience!
Scream is on TV? God. I'm not turning my TV on because I'm already lying here paranoid after hearing a bang 
@DarleneZschech - I wish I could come down tomorrow.  God Bless you guys!!!!!
Thee armada isn't coming 
I still like someone I can't have. It fucking sucks  on the plus side, thank God SuBo didn't win tonight! :-D Congrats to Diversity!
Good God, can't sleep, too many things on my mind 
Lord forgive me for spending so much money .. I will help the children in africa i promise 
Pray for my region....tornadoes all over the damn place right now.    love yas!
@tomascol &quot;If our churches catch fire for Christ's sake...&quot; - poor Jesus 
@Gtwilightet Why does everyone cockblock R/K?  God people...*shakeshead
Breathe in2 me O Lord! Havn lung issuz again 
didnt like angels and demons !!!!!!  it was ....??
@lensweet I found Capernaum most impactful: still recognizable, unlike Nazareth where the church is bigger than whole town in Jesus' day 
is going to visit his totally insane cousins. This should be fun. Minus the fact i'm extremely exhausted.  God help me!
@SherriEShepherd luv u, but I really wish you stop dragging down Jehovah's Witnesses on show 
Arghh so my little-big brother @iamfamz is saying I got cocky...he is right. God job to Orlando. I guess no more puppet commercials. 
@IRobots He is in cat heaven. 
Bored outta ma mind. So wish i culd drive so i can go see matt.....  sad face. God y does ma life hav to suck so bad???????
LeBron James: please don't leave us..for the love of God, please...Don't leave us 
my leg hurts soooooooo badly!  Jesus plz take the pain away! 
I need to diet. Need to pray and ask God to please help me with strength. The willpower. Obediance. I hate, hate, hate, being fat. 
@yeswhatokay Aw, I read that one. That one hurt my heart  It made me sad, but I didn't cry. I've cried at other ones though. Goodness.
@LBC_Shopper ughhh I always DREAD I might run into someone when I look like that, seriously. I was God awful, butt ugly yesterday 
can't open facebook either  GOD what's wrong with my internet?
Jesus, I start full time tomorrow. What a strange shift from having as much free time as a student does. Meh. 
nawww grace and will are fighting 
Didn't go to church today  But thanks to @tweeshaa for nitipin my salam to God ?
@xoxogeorgiegirl thank GOD. stupid rove just ruined my song recording, now i've got to do it again 
there's the GOD.. who knows if he's playing  http://sgBEAT.com/pic/92/
thoughts and prayers to your god are welcome and apprecited. 
@lmayer I hope it's not because I'm on vaca!  Praying for ya'll this morning....
@personaljesuss babe I love ur livejournelle. Funny shit. God I'm going to miss having u and aly being in the same sch 
Thanking the Lord for waking me up but not wanting to be bothered I think the phone will be on off mode today 
I don't feel well..please Jesus help me before I get on the first plane. I don't want to puke in a paper sack 
Missing another sunday @newspring  praying for God to do incredible things at every service, every campus! GET READY @NEWSPRING!
listening to angels and airwaves, dont know what to do right now 
God bless Jer's dad. It is not his time yet, don't take him away so soon.. 
god why cant i get my tweetdeck back agAIN :S 
@the_apostate yes but it won't taste so good 
@courtneymalone Oh I see .... I have been at page 205 of the &quot;Naked God&quot; for 7 years now ... 
god, I'm so tired... might head to sleep nowww 
@hideyourfires not yet!  but Starbucks at Coro = God has answered my prayers!
Just landed in providence 
Another well executed morning at Hallandale Beach, I thank God for these days. Looks like more rain on the way...  
God has healed my phone! But man my shoulder is KILLING me. 
@Lauren91_x LOL its not my fault *sideeyes tye* I couldn't wake up  I sowwy God
@Hermione19 I lost my little Bible 
@jackie_dubois Yes Bless Him!! My azz dipped I couldnt stand the sound, it was terrible.. 
@ChantiParnell haha bless you!  hehe HAHA!! its not bad!
Ok, I'll drop the fun for a second. It is fucked up that an abortion doctor (George Tiller) was killed at a church. God, insane people. 
@Levite247 ok so now jr is 3rd not sure where tony is  about jeff
@cassandra2603 God what a cheery chat has he somehow can back into the news ? I know about Vera Drake hmm not pleasant  x
Pray for the family of the young man who had a car accident in front of my house this morning...He passes away about an hour ago 
God Damn it! I just ate some fish! 
@IamTonyStark oh shit son I blew my fuck and kill Jesus load too soon 
@Sam4God telll me about it! - to date next week is the worst week ever 
@Levite247  i know! 
God I'm welling up listening to the Don't Do Sadness/Blue Wind scene again. They actually break my heart 
@hardaway Oh. God. 
washin clothes. them gonna wash dishes and go to Heb. yay. 
@Prettyfuls85 its not til tuesday, but she wanted 2 go 2 brunch 2day.  Nah  I was like cmon God me n mirna need it 4 the cruise!!
Heading back to my parents with Kalebs pedialyte pops.  roseola is not fun stuff.(sp?) Bless his heart. 
@zcargile  it wasn't my fault...I said a prayer for it...and I feel really bad
Just got back from a dear friend's funeral  Thanking God 4 life and trying not to take nething 4 granted. RIP Alton. U'll surely be missed
Why would ever say fml?  Jesus help us all
@aziebart  That's like a sin around where I live!
god i am so tired.. 
Thank God for ice cream! I was like &quot;yay no school Woohooo&quot; and then i forgot about my AP english summer work 
I'll show no repentance, I'll suffer with pride...  
Twilight getting so many awards in the MTV movie awards? God, I give up on Humanity now 
@davidrankin LOL, oh, God, if only I had that option.  I'm down in Atlanta, so I gotta take what I can get.  
@MattAltieri God I hate that comic. Never good 
@typicalhigh Oh God I hope you're okay 
Woe betide the oncogene and tumor suppressors 
Am downright sad, my uncle's house in Kemang is caught on fire last night  Thank God no one's hurt.
is shock that NLT is no longer together  http://plurk.com/p/xk15v
uhh .. Lord is not on the trending topic at this time. 
had a BAD haircut!  going to CCH camp now! Revival night later is going to be awesome, believes God shall move in a great mighty way! (&quot;,)
@PragueBob Amen. I really, really don't want to drive when I get back home... but I'll kind of have no choice. At least for the next year 
This angels n demons is confusing I'm lost 
God sake, iTunes work please!! 
I think I'm goin to go to bed even though I'm not done packing for Jesus camp 
Gd morning folks - back to work and its such a gd cracking day out ! 
Oh God, I think I have a fever. Why now?! WHY!?! 
@ddlovato i LOOOOOVE you. THANKS for your music. come to italy  have fun with your family. God bless !
OH GOD is it the 7th of the month yet? I need my broadband speed back 
Oh my god, I really wish I hadn't eaten... I feel ill now. 
Oh and by the way, i am crossing my fingers for PUSSYCATDOLLS! I wanna watch them so bad. PLEASE GOD 
God, the bass on my S500s isn't awful.. it's just awful! Have my surround sound woofer on really low just to keep the bass up 
Oh God that curry did Wrong Things to my insides. 
is so pissed off, upset and god knows what else right now  :'(
@fionaaa_ o Jesus I can't move  it's tooooo hot 
God damn its hot. Sux I gotta work  I'll probably end up with heat stroke in that fuckin mill.
 So sad! Praying no one we knew was in that flight. http://snipr.com/j7c9z
Prepping for a show at the same time as my BF might not have been a good idea  Thank God we understand eachother
Oh my God it is so hot in Edinburgh. The office is going to be unbearable. 
Chorus test was...umm fun? Drivers ed and, God forbid, Chemistry tomorrow 
I think the devil created VLANs to make an IT guys life miserable  but the Lord prevailed &amp; we conquered #citrt
Walked home down the canal, reading my Bible, avoiding dog poo... GORGEOUS weather! I want to stay outside but I have to work on laptop 
Bless the families....so sad 
God, my literature test was horrible. I'm pretty sure my grade is going to be BAD  Tomorrow is Bruno's birthday, yay!
@devilsplay Poor baby in WI  God I wish I could deliver some justice on people who do that to babies.
We're ALL so blessed 2 B here. 05 plane to is VERY NEW, shows that anything can happen. God is still God, it was time. 
is having issues breathing this morning! It hurts too...asthma? Dear God I hope not! 
@MyyaPmore If only I had a job. LORD! 
Satan spawn is getting me down. 
can't sleep  #3wordsaftersex  Jesus fucking Christ
is SO super annoyed and upset. Was boiling mad w anger about 2hrs ago....  thank God i managed to remain co0l else wld hav frighten Chloe.
@BlairDC Holy crap babe r u ok? 
@ooh_lala I tried Lord Leebrick.. they're not doing a 9 yr old one while she's here. 
Why do the sporting Gods hate me so? 
@CrunchyK Yes, it's very sad and tragic  Praying for those families!
@ctrlaltalexa: My God. Sounds intense. I'm jealous. It's been so long since I've had Chipotle 
Pray for my cousin julie, she just bled A LOT. 
Still coughing  Jesus H this needs to stop
I never knew stomach aches could be so effing painful, dear lord almighty 
God, I love exam week and being home so early. Study for chem and done! @alva_naomi I KNOW! I was there helping her find your papers! 
Just heard a commercial for Torchsong come through on BBCA in my property manager's apartment. God I wish I was going 
what a heartwrencher... no one showed up at lunch to close out Galatians today.   Lord, bless them anyway! #fb
wow...air france actually did disappear..how do you lose a bird that big..Pray for the passengers and there families..228 i believe 
@DonniezDetDiva Wish I was ready!!! not going to go   No Full Service for me..thank God for YouTube!
Shutting down physically and emotionally  nothing is working for me right now Lord please give me strength
@CaptainAnnoying oh yeah. Can you imagine that moron in the senate? Holy hell. And Crist is a RINO- not sure which 1 is worse 
God I wish i could afford the Sims 3!!! 
@Sam4God hey how was your bio exam today? wt spec do u do? i really dnt wna do chem on weds tho arghh 
I think I'm losing my doggy...  Pray for her!
@secondpower awwhhh you're going to make me cry  lol bless you!
@blwbyrd Blocker her God knows how many times tonight 
@websiteowner  Gd deal bt no drink til the wkend? I dont usually drink on monday, bt special circumstances...  then it'll be the wkend  !!
Grace I just remembered O Valencia!  On proj playlist,theres an ad- &quot;remember when you knew who God was? rmbr agin.order bible.cojcoflds&quot;
surgery this week . . . God help me through this and make me feel a WINNER 
Just finished eating...off to the track for 2 miles and then aerobics!!! Pray for my hair 
@shainakins oh god 
Gave my phone to the grandparents for a bit. Thy left it in the car all day. 
@inkt_angel  out of where???
Why did God make post so painful????? Just when you think it's almost done..... you realize how wrong you were 
@H2OTrogdor I got rid of 2 o's, and now this. Pretty sure God hates me.  http://twitpic.com/6fmlj
@Jennybeeean awww  samzies. You'll meet him I promise! Him &amp; josh start again in sept. I'm sure they'll come to where your going to school
@bjorker  How many mg is 4 advil anyway? I'm right there pushing the limits with you. God bless Advil.
my heart goes out to all passengers of Air France 447  and their families..GOD grant them peace and comfort in Jesus name Amen
Had a bad dream. He came back.  He was sorry and everything.. blah blah blah. Thank God it's just a dream.
Eno, we'll miss u girl.. Rest in peace dalam lindungan Allah SWT yah.. Amin 
nooooo! just dropped my phone  .... on the table thank you Jesus!
Praise Jesus, no injuries tonight! No at bats either  I missed a ball in cf, playing too deep. Anyway, softball season here I come!
God Bless the people on Air France who are missing!! if you guys run into the island from Lost, pls say hi to the smoke monster for me! 
Jesus news.com.au thanks for depressing the fuck out of me with that 'boy in a bag' story  
My besties just remided me that I am missing The Hills wedding  oh well... Thank God for TIVO!!!!!
Pray for my doggie  he's really sick.
i need an angle!!!!!!!...the &quot;i had to go north to go to school cuz i was black&quot; is played...Lord, help me rapido! 
@memoriadei Darn, I missed it!  I'll try to do it with y'all tomorrow. God bless.
Going to bed and praying to God that by some miracle my boys might sleep past 6:30 am tomorrow...since it's MY turn to get up with them. 
@ashleymhm unless my curse randomly disappears which it probably won't 
@pinkronnie that's terrible!!!  Praise God for the hope of Jesus xox
stats hw!  long way to go! then gotta study for bio and spanish midterms this wed! Pray for me.  I miss my best friends...
Our Father who art in Heaven,hallowed by Thy name,Thy kingdom come,Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven....My best wishes . 
@dragonflyeyes oh god.  i am so sorry you had to see that.
I hope that there's still  chance for the air france plane. Jesus please  make a miracle.What a horrible disturbing new I still can sleep 
@acieissobloggin Oh God. 1 out of 6 lang ata ako dun. And to think na kabarkada ko pa siya 
god i hate packing 
praying for strenght and faith. really need it 
@StewPink Bless ya darlin, sometimes its good being unemployed, but when its raining n no1 goes out its crap  xxxxx
GOD, why is it when i really need to talk, no one is up to talk to? 
Oh my god the messias has left cologne 
godspeed...my lonely angel 
I have physics and chemistry theory papers tomorrow and my prep sucks!   Pray for me ppl!
OOOMMMM Goodness I just checked the school calendar, There are 9 days left!!! 
@OFFICIALGOD Pray that Domo will be well soon 
Doctor called in new antibiotic for me...will pick it up at lunch..God I hope this one works! 
Keira fell down from my bed today  thank God got pile of bedsheet on the floor!
ugh, why do the two small spots on my forehead hurt so badly, They are giving me a headache. God I HATE my skin. 
Oh God. I just realized that means she was pregnant at 12. Stuff like that just makes me sick. Poor kid died of intense internal burning. 
Jesus Christ, do children have to have paddling pool parties while I'm revising bloddy hitler etc etc 
@CharlesGokey Once you take God out of the equasion, bad things happen.  That is why our country is going down the toilet.    
Pray for our doggy wally  pray he doesn't have a tumor and it's just his butt glan atleast!! 
Dear God, We love the rain but please hold the rain this weekend  or give me time to build my ark at least. Sincerely, The FAV!
Pray for the family of mattie joe moore. She passed away at barely a month old.  It's heartbreaking.
#E3 God of War 3 - last in the trilogy 
@cnnbrk That's tragic news. Praying for the families...just awful. 
@Endinha http://twitpic.com/6g28j - Tomm! I want to wish you good luck at the finish show  God bless you and come back always to Brazi ...
Shortly after that picture of my God Daughter happily enjoying her Ring Pop she threw up in my car!!  I cudn't get mad though, poor baby!
God. I start thinking I should work on my horse-racing novel again, then decide to re-read 'Horse Heaven.' Mine will never be this good 
@adammshankman I'm sorry. Keep the faith that God has a plan for you. I'm giving you an internet hug. 
Bed. God, this job is gonna kill me. 
@nursekaren gyal, dat boi maximusdan mek 1 of me favorite songs &quot;Order&quot; but too God I cyan fine it 
GOD damn still raining 
has a super bad ear infection.  Pray for me pleaaase!
is UTTERLY bored by all this God stuff....can I put it down now please...I am fed up of the pain  http://plurk.com/p/y192b
Satan is attacking me again, Dad caught a 1.5 pounder today, and I wish I had a sibling my own age. Where are you, God? 
I felt pity to my brother, that's why i'm crying! Thinking why is he like that to us! He's just human not devil!  i hope wil God help him!
Great grandpa just died! Extremly sad! Cry it hurts alot! God help me through this pain. 
GOD, I'm jjdrunk right noww, and I have to be up in 4 hours for work... 
I want a follower like Jesus 
is scared to be a senior.  Oh God,  days to go :|
is scared to be a senior  Oh God, 4 days to go :|
I'm a little upset that I'm working on the night of @TheTonyAwards.  thank God for DVR or should I call in sick?
cant sleep and i have a long boring drive tomorrow. I dont want to leave vegas i like it here and i like Him a lot &amp; he is here in vegas 
@james_a_michael Holy crap you seriously wake people by tweeting?? there gotta be a 12 step for that ..sorry bit i would sleep through it 
Long ass day wish I was in bed w. Him  #GoodSex LOL I can only dream goodnight
Going on 25 straight hours no sleep. At hospital with my friend matt. Pray for him if you can.... Or good thoughts 
Parallel parking today in driver's ed, and GOD, i don't want to. 
God i was so happy before i got home, i honestly thought nothing could bring me down. Totally thought wrong. I hate it here 
i'm sooooo tired...i have lots of things in my mind.. Help me God.. 
God dammit, Blink182 aint coming to Vancouver 
@19fischi75 ye ye - i know! should go immediately 
God I'm ill, throwing up non stop since 10pm last night. Felt like I was dying, so rough 
I'm sick.  Dear God let me kick this by Friday. @ Bed
@RedBaff Oh God... RAdelaide has you in its icky little grasp 
grumpy.I REALLY dislike ineptitude and shortsightedness which is stubbornly held on to.Dear God, keep me from killing anyone at work 
@c_ohme Holy cow are you serious???? I'm so sorry 
God cannot be pleased w/our nation...once again  http://bit.ly/K51DN
Still sick, doctors appointment 2morrow. Pray that it's not an ulcer, although it just might be 
...it was fucking freezing outside!!! Especially in my costume!!! That wasn't nice of you, God  just glad it's over.  Sincerely, me.
God damn it I need SOME SLEEP!... 
This dance-thingy ruined my night  I want tomorrow - the dance part - to end quickly. Amen.
Feeling like I have the beginning of a head cold. God DNW 
.....Lord also knows rite abt know I'm craving me a cinabon 
@steverino56 My grandson - that was about a year ago but it is my favorite picture of him.  Him and his mommy both have strept throat 
Broken hearted after seeing pics from china and what they do with baby girl born   tears and tears, please Lord, have Mercy of the world
well the MRI came back.  3 bulging disks   Praise God that He knows what He's doing.  Keep praying for me.
Rounder immense even tho we finished 9th! God I had a laugh today hehehehehehehe Cats and Angies hahahahahahaha Discus tomorrow then 
Witness me Tweeting about what a pathetic loser I am! God. 
Oh My God, the moving company lost my tub full of beads, moccasins, regalia, and gifts from Grandpa 
Stuck on a plane AGAIN!!!! Praise Him church!!! I think we're gonna miss our show, sorry wyoming   #fb
Extremely sad!   Our thoughts and prayers to ALL the Families!  God Bless You!
@thatguythatsung because i got ditched by the god 
My cousin died today, god bless him!!  
I just lost my flash drive and now i'm freaking out. God, I hope I didn't lose it. I had EVERYTHING on it 
rather tired now  watching emmerdale... god knows why?!?
JUST got home from babysitting. Who on God's green earth babysits until 1:30? Apparently q does. I have to be up in four hours... 
@Ratspeaker God damn.  Well I guess ill see ya tommarow thou.
like spreading her germs was her job. God PLEASE don't let me catch anything from this lady. It's real bad ya'll. I'd move if I could. 
woke up to a tummey ache.  Bout  get up &amp; go pay my rent. crying, my whole check gone n 2 seconds. Jesus whyyyyy!!!!
Pastor K. Pagano:&quot;belief in God and guns. Without that this country wouldn't be here.&quot;/this country was stolen from the Indians, dumbass. 
publicat al 5-lea interviu despre Effie si ultimul,thank God. la al 6-lea nu mi s-a raspuns ca am fost rea si am scris analize pe IQads 
is paying more bills.  but the bright side is, they're company bills. Not my own. Mine aren't as expensive. Thank God for small favors!
@DSmiles save some enthusiasm for my babies. Lord knows when I'm having some. Old people 
Just left the mall from getting my contacts....thank God I didn't buy anything I was hella tempted to get those Lacoste shorts ugh 
Oh my God my body is sore from moving everything yesterday &gt;_&lt;! Ow 
Why is it raining @Jesus?? I need to move furniture and boxes today 
All my boyfriends following each other. Lawd. I better watch my tweets! 
Thank God my vacation starts at 6PM tonight. Family, beach, swimming, running, family dinners &amp; who yes I am sure more questions 
@waveappreview wheeeen will it be open for us mortals 
@90_angel me too 
Oh God, Tomorrow I have my cousin's wedding.I hope that  it will be good fun there. Oh no, Magic losted their first match  C'moon!
God I'm a geek. This  http://bit.ly/3mssm is one of the most exciting things I have seen for some time. Oh dear. 
Why doesn't anyone make a MANUAL transmission anymore? Jesus christ. 
@ThrivingIvory i guess u dont kno what &quot;lawn&quot; means   personally i dont give a flyin fuck, its my friends givin me a hard time,God Dammit!
Oh FFS face, please stop being a twat... I think I'm getting another coldsore / ulcer inside my top lip  Dear Christ!
@donniewahlberg i've got bad food poisoning! Pray i'm better by sunday to see u! 
I am sooooo late for work. Land Lord is still fixing my bathroom. I stuck at home until then 
Getting antibiotics and being treated for bronchitis  should be better by sunday. Praise the Lord!
@vetty_27 Yes That was a cute custom LOLz God I miss that boy 
Jesus, she can be about as encouraging as a stroke. I just want her to be happy, but yikes. 
is thinking. I should take a nap, but I can't cause I'm at work. Woe is me. 
@overloved There goes my angel!!! 
@pricetom the torchsong curse got you too! I hope you feel better soon 
@mifuller817  I'm praying for God to give you joy and peace, dear Michelle!!!!!
To those who pray, please throw one up in my favor today!!!  Pray for my strength and resolutions to issues that have risen.
Feel lame being at sbux on a friday night to write a paper.  Lame uc for going into june.   one more wk!  Thank God.
Terminator Salvation tanked!!!   What the hell???  Thank God Linda only had a voice role!!
Last night of VBS  I gotta say it was a blessing. Thank you God and everyone for all your hard work.
Thank God I didn't drink tonight. Oh sh** I did  see you at 5am
@Cortnee4Christ Oh I don't think I'm awesome. I'm laying on the couch like a big lazy blob. I'm going to bed by 8:30 p.m. too. 
Oh God why does Niley make me cry so much!? I miss Niley!!   http://bit.ly/dkXsS
Lawd forbid its cold in this dang house    .
Please GOD let it just be food poisoning!  
my feet hurt after 5 hrs of standing. ya Allah !    it was ok.. alhamdulillah..
@KeLauLi Lord what now?? And tell @abrads I wish she wasn't leaving us 
@ArlenesUniverse Prayers coming your way... 
Just passed through Moscow. God I miss that place 
@lindtdale you just used an unforgivable curse on me 
@hummingbird604 as @god and @Satan their follow/follower ratios are completly unbalanced indicating totally one-way communication - 
nighty night... so dont wanna go to class tomorrow  Proverbs 4:11
Good night everyone! Long day tomorrow full of packing, loading, moving, unloading, and unpacking. Oy!  God Bless!!
@ireallydohate Middling?  With sunshine? But no pollen.  and no midges.  They may be God's creatures but they are a bluddy nuisance 
God damn time difference, missed all of the BPD fun last night 
What a good night! Thanks @Wastedyouth89 for hanging with people who hate Jesus with me and spilling your drink everywhere 
Morning!!!! God it's awful weather out today... This may lead to a lack of Boyzone following. And that makes me sad  Hope we're all ok! xx
@Leebella62 I wish God would help me deal with Guy fans, seesh. I give it all to HIm evryday. and still this. 
I think my tolerance for alcohol is slowly, but surely, waning. Woe is me 
Is gearing up for the 2 hr Messiah rehearsal followed by 3hr concert, what a day this will be 
Is praying and baring all unto god whilst asking for forgiveness and has now learnt from his misatakes 
My friend just gave me scary news-sad world we live in! Stay prayed up &amp; ask God 2 cover u in the blood EACH &amp; EVERY time u venture out 
God, I wish it was Monday!! I want the new Placebo album! 
thanks God for timely comfort and healing. Recovered from a fever, but is now left with a sore throat. 
Oh God, think I have a migraine coming on :\ Ugh, possibly a caffeine headache actually, waah 
Is at the doctors. Pray for me becausethen all my of m plans for today are cancelled. 
GOD! spareeee meeee from this insanityyyyy 
Another twc outage? Shocking. God I hate time warner cable and the lack of other options 
Chilly day in the Outer Banks....home tomorrow  Thank God for Middle Bass in two weeks!!
Condolences to Vance and family on losing his uncle...  God have mercy on his soul.
Thou I was hopeful bout s.......  
@Hetty4Christ I'm the one who's humbled. I wish I lived in Arizona! Oh well, God has me here in Colorado among the snowy trails. 
@Hetty4Christ Where did they move to? Awwww I'm sure they miss the saguaros! 
I feel empty. Why is it anything turned up like this? Oh, my God. I can't sleep! I kept thinking of random things...  BIO
man, now I really want to hang with Him.... 
dreamed both MC one &amp; I were slaves &amp; it was kind of sad  I am now feeling again Proverbs 10:22 cuz God is showing me that he knows I am
@mysummerbeard Dear God...I'm a sir. And this morning the spikes of mess is forever gone. I now have a little boy haircut. 
Off to a Scottish barbecue, ie one that takes place indoors with lots of (quality) beer. God-DAMN this weather 
God I hate Romford, chav and yob capital of the world, bad times 
@DeathroW22 I havent had the chance to try it yet.  God damn Sony
I cant even get out of my bed. And i have west side tonight. Lord help me 
Thank God for Midol 
@ameeface Oh God, definately an actual club, based in the library, and everybody has to wear shirts. I need a life outside Sunset Valley 
R.I.P. Taco Zone, so sorry you got sacrificed to the food God's by Hoodlums   tis a sad day indeed
 lord of the rings is frightening
God damn what a night i had last night...Sleeping at bart Staions now people this nis sad  what a mornig didnt get no sleep
@PhillySaxon Oh dear God, you're scaring me. I don't want my life taken over, but I'm strangely intrigued  This can't be good.
@theelegendary8 Who's having a party without Thee?? 
there is no god  &amp; if there is he's fired!
@mileycyrus How's the new song coming along? Good I hope. Hope all is well with you and your family. God Bless! Any chance of an @reply?? 
Pray for my wife, her grandma died in her sleep on saturday afternoon 
Lord help me! This daniel  fast is kicking my butt today, why did they have to make pozole for my gramma's bday?  Lol
Goodness it's hot. 
@tommcfly i'm watching a documentary about the life of John   God, he's really the best ever!
@MrsAppleJuice damnation, missed another one. 
God I hate the end of &quot;Bridge to Terabithia&quot; It always makes me cry 
@drewseeley GOD! what weekend? it's too cold here 
Oh my God it's like the work never ends. And it made me miss Disneyland with friends 
Back from the desert. Wonderful to see God move! I finally feel like I'm getting to know the team... just in time to think of coming home 
PLZ pray 4 @hipcindy 's dad.  Cancer sucks  #prayer #God
Lord help the patient that just got code blue. 
@stephaniepratt - that is so sick....i will definitely be praying for them..especially heidi.....i'm sure she'll be okay..  in my prayers
Oh my goodness i'm so tired! I should not be driving right now 
kingdom hearts! ...although i do wish i could watch battlestar galactica 
it has a twisted ending.i wanted 2 see real angels and demons flying around,wicked!  i will survive.
chuck the soft ball back that Robin and I threw at you. I don't understand how God could take you away from us... you were only 29 
Lookin for an answer to &quot;Why Moses stated there were only 22000 Levites, when the actual count was 22300? I'm DEVESTATED!!! 
I just realized I'm a grace without a will. 
Y'all are so sweet. Wish I can give y'all an exclusive footage of my work  going to bed! Love y'all and God bless!
@bliberty Oh my God - me too! Terrible writing, I thought 
I wish Sims2 would stop freezing on my computer...I really miss playing God 
a little rectangle shape of heaven... i wish too have one,.. 
God, I miss my family. Really really really miss my family. Three weeks until my next brief visit.  
I have about a gaziliion things to do. Jesus, is that how holiday should be? 
's little princess is sick  God pls pour healing power on her. Amen!
@BadgerNoble Holy crap! That ain't good 
@ameera_bh i kinda thought so when i saw the timestamp on ur tweet  Allah ysa3dech! how late do u sleep during the weekend?
god must REALLY hate me tonight 
@Sam4God sorry! i know enrique an jls, this is killing me!  x
Break-ups have never been my most successful field... God, I hate this... 
@bograma God damn! Nu mai zic nimic. Decat pofta buna  :drool:
Where is the freakin sun/summer? Summerbreak in 5 days, and it is raining  Jesus, give us swedes a lil summerfeeling to work with, please?
Working on art.  God, dammit, I hate Mr Cho's insanely boring assignments.  HATE them.  I'm SO far behind now too 
@gingerandhoney  &lt;hug&gt; The film I'm working on is an Italian precursor to Monty Python. Almost everything is &quot;Praise the Lord!&quot;
@2Serenity that article abt Judge Sotomayor is amazing. Judge Thomas.   God help em. T4P J!
@HESOPLASTIC i WOULD go..but im at work  ...also u dont need ur friends to praise the Lord....lol
Missing church to work my other job today. Praying for our ministry teams! I really hate to miss 
get stuck. and hope for some help from my saviour, Allah swt for my unpredictable math test tommorow 
My hubby left early morning for a business trip and he will be back saturday  and it's hard when your child is sick  pray in Jesus name.
@LeahBfly11 thanks girl, you have a Blessed one as well...I aint make it to church today either 
@heidimontag I'm so sorry you had to go through that.  Get well soon and God Bless!
this sucks.... this really REALLY sucks! getting up in the morning to get better prepared for tomorrow's exam..  God... pls help me..
asks is this how you want me, Lord, to see the answers that I've long been wanting to ask of you?  http://plurk.com/p/z4qx1
bored as all goodness.  
Ah i dont have anyone to talk too  the rockster got her phone taken away. Jesus save from going insane.
LdnChikHas been reading up on a few religions..and is thinking of converting..i dont really undertand christianity no more 
@ACHkris again??? Jesus 
I am starting to feel dried out again  help me Lord
@RyanStar and running...and running? ;) God, that's beautiful! Overcast here 
I'm now Twittering the sermon: There's a national push 4 churches 2 b authentic, but it's not the kind God would approve... 
bored as sin, and ever so sleepy  wouldn't mind going back to bed but that'd be so lazy
@Sam4God nooo i wanted to go into lesciter sq. on wed! they are depriving me of my haagan dazs (but your problem is alot worse!)  tfl grrr
@sarahsolovely ohhh god I wish I could  I miss you so much!
Is saying goodbye to my mama (grandma).Lord knows I'm not ready for this...she is my world .my world is slowly ending 
God bless all the children that were involved in the Sonora's child care tragedy, they're all in our prayers.. 
@babyimbadnews SO GOOD. God, now I want some. 
@cinderellahhhh my thoughts exactly! ickyickyyyy!  skittles are GOD.
Feeling &quot;fatigued&quot; today. I'm already in bed.     ~One Blessed Sista!~
@hughsbeautiful I Killed Him? NEVER!!! 
God i want SIMs 3 but have no wi-fi 
@chloeeverton Gutted to learn that you don't actually support Everton!  As for God and his decisions...well, who are we to argue!?
Pray 4 my baby Joscy. At the hospital again &amp; need answers.  need God's favor right now.
Buggar angel just got made a housemate! 
Lord, on top of everything that she is already going thru, one of my cousin's sons (a twin) was just diagnosed with cerebral palsy. 
@ThisisDavina bless bienazir, it was kind of hard to watch 
@mileycyrus are you okay?  please,remember, GOD loves and believes in you &lt;3
@charlieskies oh god, i'm actually sitting here sobbing 
@tommcfly haha Thank God you're calmer... Aaaww, it's over!  Congrats for the amazing job you did, we love you even more now! ha Xxx
@Angelfan Praying for you to warm up too!!!  It wasn't bad tempwise here today, but if you are cold today-it must be headed my way!!  
 No site will upload my video. I've been trying for like 50hrs now! Blessings 
@littlelolita Thank God there's no summer semester here at ITB.. hahaha, but still no holiday yet.. 
http://twitpic.com/6vfi3 - my G1 one is now a Ghetto1  .. thank God for insurance.
@selenagomez i'm so sad  i couldn't listen to you. have a good night!! God Bless
Oh GOD! I wont drink it mom, although its a healty drink! That's feel not nice! 
Lesson learned...look up words before you retweet !  How embarassing! duh!  Forgive me Lord...
The stress is becoming absolutelyOVERWHELMING! It's actually HORRIBLE!  Thank God Davon is here to love me up.
Almost!!!! Goodness knows I love money, but I sure don't want 2 go 2 work n the morn 
@eskimosean part time  he is a very cool guy he beleaves in the Lord like you and i do , have you ever herd of
How to wake up on Monday morning? Even now I'm in the office, I still haven't woke up! Dear God.. 
Shoulda stuck wit my date.  Him woulda babied me. 
Awh, I miss my Meg already  and Kev! God I love them.
@alexakim Indeed, thank God. Only thing now is to pay COLL deduct. like 500 usd! 
God damn we're all quite emotional right now involving NIN.. it's probably good I let some of it out at the PA show. 
@Rubyam  dont be sad. remember you're amazing and you have many people who love you and an INCREDIBLE God that ADORES you
@feybee Haha g2g to sleep now  my cus said so ttyl love ya!! Good Noght God Bless!!
Thank you God for a beautiful day! It was cool seeing all my cousins. Their all married now....when's it my turn   Hm.
Came back from the P.S. The cop is back but denied to file the FIR, said he will do some inquiry -  only God knows what is in his mind 
@DJMel if that's really her, I just feel sorry for her. I've had this done to me and I've never been in this much pain over it. Jesus 
@SlashHudson Sorry to hear about UR Mom  Hugx-some Love and Prayers coming your way. Take care &amp; God Bless
Sorry to hear about UR Mom  Hugx- Love and Prayers coming your way. Take care &amp; God Bless
@SlashHudson Sorry to hear about UR Mom  Hugx- Love and Prayers coming your way. Take care &amp; God Bless
@SlashHudson Sorry to hear about UR Mom  Hugx- Love and Prayers coming your way. Take care &amp; God Bless
@hexytweets oh god  How awful! I'm all for mixing it up a little, but really....
I just realised something. I promised God to abstain from kpop today but i replaced it with tumblr in the end..... Fail 
Is in cov for some bullshit training course 'managing customers expectations'.. Do I really need training on this??? God dam Orange 
@LynneHutcheson Himself has gone away for another week  I am just silly, soppy moo really!
Thou art effing cooking to death 
About to go home thank god 
I haven't even seen it for like a week or 2 so GOD knows where it is. 
Good am to all, rain ooh boy only God knows how this day will turn out 
@douglasmartini my goodness. These are expensive 
9.30pm and I'm in bed - sad! Reading GoF with a Milo - yummy, but still totally pathetic. God I need a hug... 
(@hazed_confused) 9.30pm and I'm in bed - sad! Reading GoF with a Milo - yummy, but still totally pathetic. God I need a hug... 
Gd morning! Starting my day with a tummy ache 
@The_fixer LOL ... tnks god no, he don't!!! ;) ...it's necessity, not dedication.. 
My God, I hadn't realised what a lefty John Bercow had turned into!   Widders for Speaker!!!
@OneHornyUnicorn well yeah, i enjoy NLT, even though they are deceased  BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Dropping kids off to go to camp!  Pray for them to experience God in a powerful way!!
Slaving over a hot computer...   Thanking God for a Job. :-D
school will be closed because of mexican flu..it was nice knowing you all  LMFAo..I hope I'll live :[ Praying that I'll be fine.
went to fire up desktop after being off for weekend...will not boot up. Hard drive not being read.  Thank God for the 2 laptops we have
wondering why i dont receive the NLT verses but I am following it??  hmmmmm
 dear GOD...
Hey beautiful people..God blessed us to see another day so lets get it in and him proud ;-) Magic lost   there's always next year!!
For the love of God #Apple Please update my order to 'Shipped'.  Been waiting for over 30 hours now! 
@eweeezy yes! I hate missing church though  I missed @michaeldurso word on the Holy Spirit. I know it was great!
@Ellie_224  I'm stuck here at work on my own 'til 4, God it's boring. I shouldn't moan but it's good to vent sometimes 
Ah the Gods didn't grant me access to C4 knowledge  On the other hand ipod touch is working very nicely since jail breaking XD so pretty!
@muirsusan I pray kimberly is better today.  God hugs you both.  Camera wasn't lost, it was stolen.  
@muirsusan I pray kimberly is better today.  God hugs you both.  Camera wasn't lost, it was stolen.  
 more storms. God keep us safe Refinnyj &lt;&gt; Mat1234
I better make something for lunch before I have to be back at KFTX at 2. Thank God today is payday. I'm running out of groceries. 
........God and i thought life was hard! Just let me say people it is! 
Fate/Destiny/Happiness/God HATE ME! What did I ever do? 
Just sent an unfinished email to someone  I hate when that happens. Amen stew kinnon, amen.
At the lawyers.  Jesus I don't feel good. At all.
don't worry @peterfacinelli i am sure you will get to 500,000 otherwise we will all be begging for your forgiveness if we fail 
has too many things to do today.  Pray for mom.  She's still not feeling well. 
Kyle orton n josh mcdaniels Who? God the broncos are going to suck...  Sad day.
@demsa already did, now i'm not worth it speaking to such a leet goddess  forgive me your grace 
@angel9293  did you see jackies twitpic?
Sooo completely mortified and depressed, God I just wanna shrivel up and blow away. 
booo seester is gone  @prophet_elisha
Pray for my dog 
@joemcd Dear God.  I cannot WAIT to see today's episode... Sree makes me cringe he's so awkward.  But he makes me feel so sorry for him. 
@dstyle24 you in providence 
Thank God I am home from work. It was a Looooooooong day. 
@TheEllenShow Aw, God! I live in Chicago!! but I was in school  lol
Jesus, my legs hurt like hell.  Swam over 5 miles, and ran 6 miles right after.
At Calvary finalizing audio for &quot;Praise the Lord&quot; that will air on TBN. I wish I have a 30&quot; monitor at home   http://twitpic.com/7i7r8
@urbanbaby what?!   Praying for you &amp; your family.
still sick  aint even go n 2day...Pray for me yall!!
@joeyboy1 omg no he didn't !!!  !!! God he did that last nite too!!!! That's alll I need is for him to say tht @ a STORE! Tell him no!
My 'Return of the King' (Tolkien) book hidden in my hotel room was magically turned into 'The Holy Bible' while I was away at work. 
i just dropped my George Foreman grill on my kitchen floor...i think i killed it  Thank God i already took the chicken out of it!
@NINfreak7 Holy shit 
UGGGH!! Why did God invent teenagers?? I have never felt so helpless......... 
Going back into work at Wal*Mart for the second time today. This can't be God's plan for me_ LOL 
missing my girls!  Hogs don't look so good tonight   Thankful that God is still good, and thankful for those that remind me that He is!
Pray for david  hes in the emergency room.
Please Lord make my feet feel better 
God!! I SO feel like crying right now!! I want to go to the midnight sale of lines,vines and trying times!! SO unfair!!! 
Def missed the Kevin Singleton speech  i was working... i have i mentioned yet how much i LOVe my job? Praise God for the job!
@iPerphekt I was trying to retweet curses 
Wish I had a papi(daddy) to fuck me on a regular basis. Woe is me 
@V_Simmons does angela have a twitter? If not she should have one! Watchin the movie now. I miss Hawaii  ... God Bless!
God I hope The Lookouts win  I wish more people would listen to the PA podcast and hear them talk about it. How can't you love it?
Amazingly awesome cell tonight!! God is so good!! Guarding our peace!! Ready for bed but it's so hot in here 
Is trying not to worry...but it's one of the hardest sins to stay away from 
just finished downloading The Lord of The Rings : Fellowship of the ring, it takes 12 whole hours to completed it, and now, i got a fever 
Pooor Jesus  and I want pringles haha
The only blessing I need is a prayer... 
@grace1086 why don't you aim me? 
THANK GOD! they have from a womans hand on here since i lost my gotta make it cd somewhere in my room 
@blue_id_grl01  I know - very immature for people to react to ANY celeb that way, huh. Thank God he had security! He was so nice about it
god!... This overcomes me 
Morning! God I've got I survive today on 4 hour sleep! 
it's hard to say. god it's hard to say. since you've been gone i'm not the same.  
God Damned movies. 'the happy ending is you'  Fucking movie. 
@ammaryasir ohh God - Stay Safe and avoid all public places   
@Junelove1 oh, dear, Junie!  I hope you'll get well soon &amp; be healty &amp; happy, coz you have so light soul! I'll pray God give you heath.
@Junelove1 oh, dear, Junie!  I hope you'll get well soon &amp; be healthy &amp; happy, coz you have so light soul! I'll pray God give you heath.
Public transport has screwed me twice in one day. Woe is me. 
It's offical, I miss my family!     Praise God for good friends eh?!
Fuck left my iPhone in my Girlsfriends Car... God damn it beavis 
@askaaronlee I'm proud of my country &amp; as a Lord, deserve some respect !  don't tweet me until error is fixed !! 
I'm going to pull a @SteveStreza and start yelling about Xcode. God damn pile of shit. Arg. Jesus. Crap. 
@rroylance Yeh I think so....we would have been in 3rd year at Mile End around then I think. God I feel old 
Re. #IranElection 7) Pray for an end to violence. Pray for a just resolution. But get a grip: Mousavi can't shit wonders &amp; piss miracles. 
Pray for my poor dog. 
tomorrow is my C++ Exam.. and I can see the B flying around.. God I don't want a B 
god, i need to sleep 
Thank God i finally have a day off tomorrow but it is not going to be fun 
God, I need to stop procrastinating. However, whenever I feel like working, my medication starts to kick in. Why? 
@WAVY_News I just read the article...who knows.  A sign from God, a UFO, a perfect circle?  Either way its something cool &amp; I missed it! 
@intelligence101 Thank God sum1 who thinks lyke me hehe nw im bord  in work 4 2 mre hours 2day!
@4EverInABind Holy cow.  And I was mad about my internet not working.  that sucks.
Miky has an icky cold.    Praying that it will not get any worse than it currently is.
GOD! y do these so called men always seem 2 p**s me off what a f*kin w**k* !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
knows what it feels like to really cry...god how it hurts 
Boooo I woke up today feeling yuckeee I think I have the flu  !!! Jesus take the wheel , I have a busy week and lots of partys to go to!!!
@frugalisfab Praying for you and his family!   what a tragedy!
 Thank U..Wow I get called dat now..okk same to u..but u didn't answer my question its ight tho..God Bless U BabyBoii..mwuah
Jesus is all tattered &amp; in pieces 
I am so tired, so exhausted, so run down. I feel like my body is never gonna recover.  I want to feel better now. Pray for me.
Jesus H Christ. You soon learn who your friends are. I need to invest in a shield or something. Want my Amanda 
Grabbing lunch and then meetings for the rest of the day. Pray for my knee I hurt it 
Oh No, rain again! God Please Help Me, Rumah-ku jangan sampe banjir. 
Root canal at 1530   ugh! Doc promised that it wouldn't hurt &amp; not 2 worry. I sure pray &amp; believe GOD that he's a man of his word. L8R
Badly searchin for my 4 GB pendrive!!  Misplaced it..I hate being careless!  Pls God I shud get it back !
@p_puddleduck Oh God I hope it doesn't go on sale in 2 weeks!!! Of course the last one they announced &amp; it went on sale next day 
Thank God the we can put the Letterman/Palin saga behind us, and focus on important things like Spencer and Heidi.  
Oh Lord its finally over! Putting myself on lockdown until warped. I really wanna go out but oh well. &amp; I miss SLYM 
@Marigold Yeah. God, this contest has been such a failure, yet such a good idea 
I usually love to follow @markknoller , but my GOD don't the Obamas deserve a BIT of privacy?  Mood: stalking
You touch my earth you touch my soul 
@ddlovato I prayed, I will pray again later, I hope that they are okay  Hope you are well and that you are safe Demi xxxxxxxxxx God Bless
I've literally spent the past 4 and a half hours working, God I hate deadlines!  And I've got my assessment with Lady Voldermort 2morrow!
has finally vowed not to have anymore desserts in her fridge.She needs sweets, she eats an apple  Give me strength and wisdom,good Lord!
Done with the funeral  off to camp again/// I can feel that God is going to show up in a big way tonight!
This will be the first year since Lord knows when, that I will not be attending the BET awards 
@Cherrykeri bless  lol
@adamnyholt Oh, good God!  I will certainly say a prayer for him.  
Thank God there is a store in my bldg cuz Lord knows I didn't feel like goin all the way to the grocery store, I gotta migraine 
@JMBuckett he is still really sick  i hate it!! please keep him in your prayers
@MeganOh Pray for you!  Wisdom!  Hang in there!!!
I'm feeling down in the dumps  Lord I need you. Not asking for things...Just FAVOR!!
i cant believe @jonasbrothers didn't thank GOD on LVATT!! :O this was very disapointing 
ugh real real sick gonna be bedridden for the next couple of days. Pray for me 
Tryna lighten my own mood  Pray for me y'all...
It's moving  god I hate them
Someone just called me an ugly white girl on my youtube page  ? LOL.I don't think I'm ugly so yahhh.But God Bless you hater :] You need it
@MrBanshee aw.  Holy shit what time  is it over there?
Pray for grandpa tonight 
I'M BORED!   God I hate doing laundry 
@justinhub2003 don't say &quot;Jesus&quot; like that  p.s can you fix my bike drink thing soon...
@readyfuels When God was handing out names he kept that one just for him. I LOVED Hedi before he came along 
Wah Thank God... Talkshow nya menyenangkan! Thanks Vera &amp; Eko!! Br turun dr studio, ngedit Airpro.. tiada penyiar, kebelet pipis nih! 
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/31133449 Holy shit! 
@danlatham there isn't one to bless it 
GOD thanks for everything im not unhappy but help me a little bit more. 
@halowrites Christ's beta was Judas 
Exercising.  Home alone for another TWO hours. Holy crap!  @NFrazer thanks for the tip, buddy!
and the clouds opened and God said &quot;Jarvis No one will ever date you, so don't bother trying, You were born to be just a friend&quot; FML 
@whimsicalthots Am in the office, and the stench is mobile! Woe is me 
So f***in stressed out....Lord help me please 
http://twitpic.com/7lokb i seem to have crashed the internet refreshing twitter so much waiting for iphone 3.0  Thank God for TweetDeck
icecream, reading the bible, bedtime- p.s. i have a brother in AZ @mlts05 who doesn't answer the phone when i call  g'night &amp; God Bless
... Wake up a little worried, dunno why  But I trust You Lord...
GOD i miss new orleans  i wanna see my mom.
 god bless us everyone
@healthewoman Amen to that. I don't know what it's going to take to change it, though. 
Pray for my friend, Consolacion. God give them the strength to overcome this. Her birthday is coming soon and we want to see her better. 
@chriscornell just saw you at the radio show! didn't get a chance to take a picture with you  PLEASE sing Jesus Christ Pose tonight
Is it out of order to ask for some drugs at A&amp;E... Wee bit'o codeine for that afternoon tipple.... God I hope they don't gimme a plaster 
geez! God! i beg Your bless everyday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
@skdev Oh! Now thats a very  difficult situation  May God Almighty help him/her through this complication
Wanna go home , and by God I will do so right now ;-) need to relax b'cause I've got a really long day tommorow 
i'm a JINX in luck.. i hate draw-lots.. hope God has a better plan for me 
I am such a terrible grand daughter  it's my granny's bday and God! Why haven't I called her?
Only God can force me off this boat!!! I'm still in my panties... Don't wanna leave 
The cutest thing a follower has said maybe? &quot;I need nipples  &quot; Bless him. But the 'No nipple' rule stays! Court is adjourned ...
http://www.zenit.org/article-26194?l=english allegedly, Hitler wanted to kidnap or kill the Pope 
Allah yesms3 mink ya nawaal 
@Niquesqueak hey me too!! Thou I will be 25 
Feels Really Mean on Him  and is sorry
@childlikemuffin He's ok man, as of now. Praying man gyapon. The doctors found more nodules sa lungs nya.  But thanks guid for the help.
I hate when i miss 24 on TV, it really annoys me  Thank God for the internet  And the DVD in October too of course, lol.
@cazp09 aw bless him  how old is he? xxx
Bad news-poor job reviewing def. driving info. Fine &amp; possible ins increase  Gd news-beautiful day, rockin' cross fit class, now yoga! 
I can barely wait for the debut of New Moon. Oh God...missing 155 days... 
English class now... oh God, im SO happy -&gt; 
Thinking of getting a job. Crying financial times. I'll start finding one but, God, please tell me.  - http://tweet.sg
god i thought it was a new series of never mind the buzzcocks for a second there just a repeat though 
Pray for me - i'm loosing my faith 
God damn, I've had to make some judgement calls over what is and what isn't an insult but I think so far only 12  @UndeadDoG @Astro_nit
@weremoo @clipclopflop it's shocking and horrid. I want to despair at humanity sometimes 
@DJChiChiLaRue bless! Haha I come back for your event and your not even here! 
Its been a miserable wet day today in Gods kingdom (manchester)... so much for summer..  
God, would you mind helping me with my exams please ?  I need your help with History !!!
I'm feeling a little under the weather at home resting. Pray for me. 
@EdWorksAcademy Praise Jesus!!! it will get there...just meds-health..and dear Lord my little one being gone  
ah. papercut! curse you damn book 
@ana_angela86  what happened that you had too goto the hospital?  InshaAllah everything is okay...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwY67LYzH7Q How can you not be proud? Oorah. God, I miss my husband 
god i hope not 
Don't be emotional Leah, you hate the douche nozzles smart one!!!!! Rose is so stubborn!!!!!!!! God, Help us!!!!!!!!!!! 
Drove through the end of the rainbow tonight. It was seriously weird but I didn't see Jesus like I expected...bummer 
Back in Rosario! God, in less than 5 day I'd been out of my city 3 entire days 
@sallismoney why are you booing me? What did I do to you? Woe is me.. 
God broke our hearts to prove to us He only takes the best. Rest in peace, Poppy. 
god i am sooo over biology. thank god it's over next week, but then i start bio 102 
Thank God it was a simulated test - just got my Con Law test results:  FAIL           but, they were nice to tell me it was a good start
Dear God please please let me pass that exam 
@dying2live4Him I miss you too 
Lies make baby Jesus cry 
(teary) My GOD we have it so easy! 
Good God it's hot as balls 
@Anointed365 yea real sad 
@Smokeroomsocial God I want so badly to move out and be able to decorate and mess up my own place. Too bad I won't be able to afford it 
@GWJRabbit Jesus, I know thats the one game I've been saving my points for 
Praying for two men in my life. One has lung cancer, the other suffering from PTSD from the Vietnam war. He's 72 and tired.  God help them
God what did I do... Well whats done is done 
Lawd...... i really should be layin my head on this pillow... pretty sure i'll regret it in the morrows if i dont do it now 
Oh My God, it named is katty or kitty yea? Forget very well :| and I had a lot of something rude that I have done fot it. Many sin 
@HopHopkins TELL US WHEN...I am childless and a bit sad...    after tonight...bit angry...Lord help me thru this...
I was in a car accident yesterday.  Thank God me and my sister are ok.  Its times like these I miss my dad the most. 
God, something wrong with my UberTwitter interface.......... 
Chillaxin watchin the Passion of the Christ. OMG this is sooo sad! 
Thy trees are bendin and snappin and rain is comin in sideways. Dogs are freaking out....  fuck ga
Santa u r actually taken him  2 see Satan  Look @ the name. Santa (Satan) = Red suit comin down through the fire place! He know who's
all test results are clear...which means its viral  all we can do is wait...Jesus keep my daughter in your loving arms, comfort her, a ...
@eirikoala You still haven't told me why ye is mad 
grateful  headed to bed, gotta be up early to rip and run around detroit tomorrow  Good night and God Bless the person reading this
It is easier to believe in God if the Law of Averages is on your side. 
@DarkKial All the time. Right now though, I could actually use a bold statement from Him 
Eugh school! Hurry up saturday! I have a german exam today  English exam tommorrow  God my life should be more than this! RAWR xoxo
thought i was helping! guess not  not even hubby knew! god bless!
@overlordtrainee lol. He's a god   *sigh*
i'm not fine, i'm in pain..........  GOD.......... its hurting me,,, i wish i can moving on like fast  
Seriously, needs time management   Daddy God, lead me and guide me.
god, i hope she doesnt die.  #barakatday
@Gay_Burns Was he not found? God i didn't know he was still missing! 
God I feel like I havent slept in Days!! 
This tetnus shot hurts  Pray for me tweets...
@hvalerie ah!! is it that bad???  Thank God that u are alright. but u can move around and all?
God awful traffic on the westside of ATL. I should have taken transit. 
App store is sooooo slow! God help us orginal iPhone users when the 3G S bandwagoners start accessing it tomorrow 
working  Why o god why
@perlcub Ooooh, points to you for the obscure reference to foreign television shows.  God I need sleep but need to get stuff done today 
GOD please help me get through all this 
Dear God, please make me happier than a gopher in soft dirt by blessing me with my first-ever iPhone!! I just can't stop wanting one 
i miss her so so so bad  @madz4400 and i miss L.A and i miss them too... GOD cant wait for the 29th.
Thank God it's Friday tomorrow. I just wanna sleep and wake up when it's sembreak already 
@joshsharp its a curse, i have it too 
Ohhh doc just snapped my neck and my upper spine.. God bless him, that felt good. But yes doc, that lump is still there... 
then again, everything's frm Allah. syukur w wat i haf. i never mean it, seriously  i just emo-ed. dont bother.
Pray for my girl Bryn..she's in the hospital again 
is @ the dentist   Pray for me
@heavesighs poor thing. Bless his heart. 
@laurajohns077 unfortunately not. God I need one too... Real bad!  Haha I'm gunna look into it. Ill tweet my findings
Trying to get things done around here with my poor baby sick on the couch  Praying for strength for her to over come this nasty bug.
 the poor horse died cuz he saw that woman! The Ring is just demented.Tnk God my phone didn't ring after they showed that demented video
It's so shitty out   http://twitpic.com/7q6ye
I wanna go to the waterpark BADLY! But my God-mom informed me that we're going for her son's b-day. So I guess I'll wait 
My goodness #Pakcricket its too close now 
@bowwow614 http://twitpic.com/7qca8 - Damn..lol..I thought it was a lil one   O man..God doggy..he posed
@wide_receiver god damn it why did u have to say that? 
i'm so afraid  god, stay by me tommorow D :'(
is back from d of e god it's tyrin  n i hate sheep!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I went to the dentist today and you know what he said? Holy bite!! Apparently I broke my crown.    WTF?  I have some powerful jaws...
Sandpits Jesus stole my phone and did some fake tweets. Skate Bully.  
pray for my marine 
Lord help me watching legend of chun li, opened with shots of hong kong, will I ever be able to afford to go there again? 
didnt likee thee new join too much 
My God I want a salad! haha! I wish I could get out to go to the grocery store but all the roads are closed for Jubilee day 
@wonkobox Even if it isn't, she'd be hilarious. Oh, God, it would be perfect. And people could ask her ?s, etc. But no singing  #milliej
and i think i just crashed my phone!  things are not looking good... but in all situations we Thank God!! *Sigh*
@nmsonline My first reaction was &quot;he's watching Dexter's lab?&quot; then googled said show. God, I missed fb/twitter. Related: I am sad (not  )
God dammit! Even tweetdeck failed me! Booted me out. I'm gonna develop technophobia soon. 
Jesus phone has yet to ship...Jesus hates me 
@Edrobinson04 Holy cow! You guys hang in there. 
I don't understand how you can serve the Lord &amp; think that public drinking is ok. I think that it makes Jesus sad! 
It is sooooooo hot in Portmore Jamaica right now. Thank God I have the air on. My poor electric bill 
is not going out tonight, due to new lenses costing $170 and a rental inspection tomorrow. Woe. 
Just found out one of my close friends is HIV positive. Heavy. I totally brole down. Thank God for ur health everyday. 
Thank God for the sun coming out tomorrow!!! This has been a crappy day!  
i miss him already.. oh god I'm pathetic 
@kerimae *sigh* and ppl wonder why I am waiting for the Lord's return!!!!  Shaaaaaame on them!
I am feeling terribly poetic and sad....oh Lord, how I miss them so much 
@newmarvel    there is no god......  that just completely bummed me out!
andddd..my brother is celebrating at the lakers' private party tonight too  ohh welll cuz God help us all, MT. HERMON is less than 24 hrs!
I look like a lobster. Dear God, please don't let me get skin cancer.. ah 
God, do something to make my USB ports work, again! It's killing me without them  #fail
@kbohlender oh no! Not fun. Praying you a mental blizzard! 
thanx God, i'm saved by cipaganti. tapi jurusannya ke MTC buahbatu, jauh bener dari dago 
Why do the senators have a twitter? God Damn this thing is going down hill. 
Oh my god the tiredness...I'm actually shattered! 
Stressed beyond tears... And having people say rediculously insensitive things.... Joy  ... Trying to turn it all over to God
Tweet at one in the morrining. Early bird, mother fucker! God my head hurts. 
I don't think God wants me to play EverQuest 2.  Every time I try to start it, my computer crashes.  *hint* *hint*?
Didn't accomplish one of my goals unless something crazy happens tomorrow.  But is completely happy with how i grew in God, which made ...
BUT it means no trip to Lord of the Fries with @sugarcoatedhero 
Argh. Contents of bin bag has blown all over the road and my favouritest jeans for years are holing   Dear God, what is to become of me?
Dear God,please..please..help me to pass all course in this semester,i'm really hopeless .. 
@carinacani swear to God? If you're joking you're going to break my heart.  )))))
For goodness sake i'm younger and i'm supposed to be stronger than she is! But i'm sooo tired..  how embarrassing.
Yo say a prayer for my boy Benedict Agostini... May God help you brother.  I hope you come home ASAP.
@sistema428 Oh dear God, I don't know, but wow, that... wow. 
Gutted, Lord Adonis has pulled out 
Just boarded a plane for Tampa. I have a fear of crashing &amp; leaving our girls w/o parents. Plz pray 4 us!  I know God will keep us safe!
Hath come the morn of the day of work thou shall no longer walk upon the earth if thee must work 9 hours in the greasy freezer box 
@hectorlima so sad! now, she is an angel. 
Waiting for another email from Him... feeling sick ... 
Oh Lord!  ya should see how a car accident turns a decent looking man's face into a Quasimodo. Smh... I feel bad for him &amp; wanna cry. 
Joy of Home Ownership part 2...dead sump pump following heavy overnight rains ..basement flooded. fun. fun. Thank God for Home Warranty 
Alt. Christ-on-a-bike-athon going v badly. Mohammed on a moped? Jehovah in a landrover? Bhagavan in a.. van? Ra in a Car? Zeus on a bus? 
a (twitter) nattu sdwtuv iam seems like Almighty does nt like seein me happy.... 
AHHH! They are hammering in the apartment upstairs again  Thank God I don't get hangovers cause I'd be screwed lol.
OH GOD  I need a hug plz&lt;3
for gods sake, i hate being alonee 
God just had the day from hell at work. Glad to be home just a shame im working tomorrow 
@tuttle88 I'm not  first rejection and then a stupid spider and then my nail. Woe is me ...Lol
1st time in my career (7 years ~100 weddings) I have to send another photog in my place  Thank God for a great network of awesome photogs
Jailbreak is out. Thank God I have a Mac. Too bad my screen is cracked 
@GamesRadar God damn it I want cupcakes now  That Antista jerk gets all the tasty stuff
I don't think God will forgive my sins. The more my mom pisses me off. The more I steal from her.  Gosh!
I broke the cable of my guitar. Holy shit, what I gonna do now? 
in alot of pain  FRUSTRATED!Need motivation.God help me !!!
Game in a bit. God its HOT outside. 
&quot;O land, land, land, hear the word of the Lord!&quot; California, i am praying for you. Brother, sisters, i am praying for you... 
My God the Georgia Theater has burned down  Sorry Wilmont and friends. 2009 is a very bad year. Lost my best friend and now this.
Momehh's sick, im at a lost of wht to do  nth must happen to her. Pray hard :l i wanna cry badly - http://tweet.sg
@chasingsunshine God, FINE. ill have to find new non scary people 
@mosuresh Were you in the meat-packing district again?? Oh my God, please please please come home some creep is going to steal you away 
GOD please keep her safe   I hope she goes to an amazing home... and the seller doesn't do the same thing to them like she did me!
Just attended a work potluck and ate some spoiled fruit. Pray 4 my tummy. 
I hope they've managed to find their way in this crazy, crazy world. Lord knows I didn't prepare them that first year. SOWWY 
That was so fucking closeeeeeee.  on my way home. Jesus christ.
Thank God it's friday....oh wait I have to work 2 morrow...  BLAH....but iam gonna go shopping afterwards...need a new bikini for my vacay
i wish my angel was here to go with me   Nafin
@Obese_Jesus I know. They dont make huts like they used too! 
@DCharlton70  are you getting treatment at the hospital? I really they are taking good care of you. I'm aware of the risks. Praying for U.
Traffic sucks, been driving over an hour and a half and still have a ways go, this is crazy...Lord please move these cars 
Good morning tweetsy.. uuuh sore throat, headache, stomachache, I'm totally sick!! God puweeeeez, there's still a lot more to be done 
Oh my God, I reallyreallyreally hope this works out, because if it does? Best week ever. But odds are against me. Oh dear. 
He's a little angel, isn't he ? ! 
Watching what not to wear. Waiting for finale of my novela @ 7... God I wish it wasn't this hard &amp; that I never had to feel this lonely 
Lord, help me. I didn't like what I see in the dining room this morning. A view of mom &amp; dad with hardened face. 
Owwww mY brOtHer is gOne tO cotOnwOod  witHOut me .... sUcks-----&gt; i really really miss Him u_u ..... bUUUUU
@schwarzenegger http://twitpic.com/7uzh9 - omg! Thank God UR okay, what would we do without you?       ~~Godspeed!
Going for an eye test. I may have to resort to ugly $99 glasses. Woe is me 
@necolebitchie.  WTF...did I watch the right video, for a minute I thought they were gonna start humping each other. Lawd-these kids 
Thank God I made it through another week. I am exhausted. So exhausted I'm choosing to stay in on a Friday night. Ha! I'm getting old 
#dontuhate when ur horny as fuck and can't get it n the way u want. Woe is me 
Stupid Lamb of God and their stupid international touring schedule. Epic should pay them to come home and hang out. I miss my friends. 
@ponystark I might have to change some of the Dark Lord's traits temporarily though to make it work 
Had to switch my schedule around which results in me working 9 days in a row. God this summer is NOT FUN!!!! 
so I got here to the party and there's no party yet. oh well, I get to watch TVVVVVVVV!!!!! WHOO Lord knows I miss it! 
My heart is absolutely breaking for a friend...dog attacked her 1 yr old son, he had surgery will be ok.  had 2 put dog down though  Pray.
God I hate my ISP! 1 bar video quality on netflix, reboot modem and now it's 4 bars. Amazing! 
don't want to see little grace's funeral 
Ugh!  I jst wlked in th door &amp; it is 12AM.  Srry I missd so mny 4 #FF   I hve a few tweeple 2 respond 2 then Bed!  Sleep well, God Bless!
Got rear ended pretty hard earlier this evening. Kids were in the car, but thank God no one got injured. However, my gma's car is totaled 
@gimmeapuck IN ON.. whatever. I do need help.  I need some Bilar! Pronger should stomp on his leg. ;) God I really hate Pronger.
(I loved him deeply; he hated my guts)! May God Bless his soul  Sorry for the short tweets from my mobile phone 
ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh GOD... was working on this for1hr... and it timed out  aaaaaaaaarghhhhhhhhhhh waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Wants to learn how to write...  Just bought a book. &quot;Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana&quot; - ANNE RICE
Amazing day with family. New ideas, inspired by places and people! Loving God's presence! Dog ate my cousin's wedding photos 
@leticia1124 ill try! hope 4 thee best sis .... u dnt even wanna no the thoughts thats going threw my head! ill leave it up 2 GOD  ily
iz lyk''God made Da Earth...Den HE restd...God made man...Den He rested...Den God made WOMAN 'N since then neither God or man has rested 
Woe is me- no sitter for the ferals so not going to brisbane tweet meet tonight 
Is up.... Too early.... God damn the blackberry alarm - its a SATURDAYYYYYYYY!!! 
@Rochellewiseman Bless you for falling last night!!  I'll be seeing you tonight I'm trying t get me dad 2 let me gatehang!! xxx
Resting as the flu is now much better but am unable to keep any food down, so very weak!  No, it's not swine flu, Thank God! Blessings!!!
Resting as the flu is now much better but am unable to keep any food down, so very weak!  No, it's not swine flu, Thank God! Blessings#fb
Maybe, just maybe, my phone isnt broken. Pray for me? 
Metadata is the worst thing that God has created! 
@kirtle Praying it's not pox or we won't be very welcome at centre parcs on monday 
just opened the blinds, Ahhhh SUNLIGHT  praise the LORD. thankyou Jesus for blessing with another glorious morning.. Work today, 
God, I really really need to study ... I don't like kidneys  Stupid organs.
god. hanhovers suck 
God I HATE saying goodbye   these two weeks are going to suck.
Pray for me please...colonoscopy today. 
@MieAase http://twitpic.com/7wh7r - God damn it!  That water looks SO cool! Oh my god.
God the things I would do to Jeremy .... Ahhhhh - this didn't go thru last night 
I got mad jana when M said she didn't like my trouser. Over-reacted I guess. Now am sad and she's not so glad. Forgive me Lord 
@nilerodgers God Bless..been there..wasn't as lucky as you.  But I'm still here!! Take care and keep funkin!!
Good God my shoulders really hurt 
Oh good lord. So hungover. 
@KELLY__ROWLAND My purpose is to make God proud 2 d best of my abilities... Bt am soo far 4rm achieving it! 
is watching a documentary bout th most hated family in th USA, Louis Theroux...Jesus is all about love, people like this r not frm God 
is watching a documentary bout th most hated family in th USA...Jesus is all bout love, ppl like this r nt frm God - its nt th truth 
i'm still at criss'. GOD, i stayed asleep and didn't go to college to deliver my process management shizzle  What am i gonna do!
@garethslee sorry my Lord and Master 
Feel hurt ... I dont want to stop but i guess i have to .. God its going to be so hard on me 
God, I am so tired, Was up until the sun was up with me. 
God's plan is always so different from ours.Today is gonna be a long day. I miss my little Kain 
@trent_reznor  Just thought about what &quot;WAVE GOODBYE&quot; on the top of your tour page could mean   Again, Thank God you were born! XO
@Lizzi2611 Ah! Bless you, very kind of you 2 offer. I will probably clear it 2moro morning.  Normally on top of it. 
Finding out u lost something you thought can never have can be very devastating  thank God for my Irish Boyfriend to lift my spirit!
My God!!!!! Work tomorrow 8am til 5pm.  Does anyone care?.............. Nope!  
@ddlovato: oh my!  feel bettter. I'm sure you'lll be fine by tomorrow. Praying for you
@thethreebees oh my god i'm so sorry! that's horrible 
So sadddd oh God these are so hard to deal with. Gimme bit of ur strenght   http://myloc.me/4I06
@gentleadornment Praying also, deffinitely too young 
OMG... My nephew's school in OC has a swine flu outbreak, and he just came down with a fever.  Pray for Isaiah.  http://myloc.me/4IwQ
God dammit! Why won't this cold go away!!  I am miserable.
Yesterday set me back unexpectedly....  and unfortunately its still effecting me today. Pray for me y'all!!!
Thank God!!! Break till 7pm! bout to get sum grub then off to the club scene! Should be done by 10pm! All day shoot 
god, make it fly faster than i'm ... 
#IranElection The Prophet (pboh) might well think the same as I do about duck houses/moats vs gunning down unarmed people in the street. 
God I feel useless. Not knowing where to go is pretty weak dick. 
Oh my god I'm starving.   #roomieinchicago
She Died When She's Father Looking At Her!!!God!!!!Oh My God!! 
God people who insistantly interrupt my reading are flipping annoyances! Leave me alone I wanna read in peace you stupid texters 
Tomorrow will be father's day enjoy being with your family cherish them everyday mine is with God and I miss him very much everyday 
&amp; My boobs ate my lighter. Woe is me. 
Tons and tons of family i cant remember Haha. Lord. A bunch keep asking about you 
At Home. Bored. Sooo many questions. God get me through this stage. I don't like it. 
Omg I just called a boy a girl. I feel so bad. But I swear to God he looked like one. 
@mafiaASHLEY GOD i am so jealous i didn't get to go to the fair this year 
@yelyahwilliams  you are awsome and such an inspiration! good lock and god bless!
@hazehotel WHAT???!!! Ryan! You just let like 150 people down! God! now we have to wait forever to get it back!  God Ryan! Such an ass!!!!
Forget swine flu! Him + Alissia are becoming addicted to twitter. 
Oh God I am hurting so bad for my friend Mike right now. I'm so sorry buddy 
I'm so so worried about my kitty.  Pray for her to feel better.
missed festa(s) juninas...  HATE being grounded, I'm freaking 18 for God's sake!!!
@yeokerlinexd daddyy aint payy thee bill .  .
All i want is a MAASAGE! goodness gracious 
I guess Jesus isn't coming to the party. 
I'll play a little bit more of Assassin's Creed because tomorrow  i have to do homework of Algebra! oh Jesus! Why Algebra!!!! 
@AngKam  We have angels watching out for us though.
FINALLY in phoenix! Praise the LORD! Headed to go say good bye to Heather.... 
I really hate myself tonight  I doubt tomorrow will make me feel better. FML!!! Again, why does God hate me? Was I Hitler in my last life
@iamjonathancook  knowing that people i care about are upset makes me upset. Take it to God. His glory &amp; love shall make u feel better.
Finally made it home!! Thank God! I need a new joint 
is missing Coli who has gone out for the day.   Thank God I have my coffee.  
Feeling soo sick  Pray for me cuz I feel like my insides are falling apart!
before work I decided to play soccer mom and read yet another Jodi Picoult and God punished me by giving me severe sunburn 
@thdpr I have no grace. 
Gahh..baby girl just got sick all over her crib. Praying she didn't catch that bug and its just the cereal she had earlier. 
is sooooo sad right now! Someone tried to still the truck! Walk out the bowling alley and can't even start the car!  God please help!
Dear God, please don't let me spend the rest of my life w no higheels. U know how I hate flat  *waiting 4 d rontgen resukt
Jesus please make these babies go to sleep! I'm so tired 
Just saw the #neda video...wish I hadn't. Jesus christ......no words. 
Just saw the #neda video...wish I hadn't. Jesus christ......no words.  (via @notgoth007) #iranelection
@shayface dear god. what did she do now? 
Lord Jesus, I love my city I do but PLEASE help me get out of in an expeditious and fluid method. Thank you! I miss Cali 
i'm in love &lt;3 but it's too expensive for me  http://bit.ly/Lk95p
Men really aren't shit...I just can't do the american boys. Lord knows I try 
Going to bed...still have too much on my mind.  Pray for me (&amp; us...if there still an &quot;Us&quot;) Sweet Dreams &amp; God bless.
Oh GOD..really need ***** light menthol so bad .....ooouwww ouw 
Gd morning! Thanks for @fahadfakhro for waking me up :@! Body aches from body pump yesterday!  again today! Who's in? :p
Oh God! I barely slept tonight... I just woke up and I'm thinkink what should I do today... Hmm the sun is hiding from me 
agoraphobia isnt pretty    thank god for the net
God Bless leftover Vietnamese take out...Boo on dinner dates who don't call you and let you down last minute 
@JessObsess yeah, it really kind of doess.  God...wheres Brendon when we need him...
WE LOVE YOU Bro. Ceci! We will surely miss you!  please take a picture for me of GOD with you 
@JessObsess I know! augh! this seriously sucks. And I'm so confused right now....god. 
Thank God! The electricity is back on. I'm scared of dark 
Off to the airport..... my throat feels like I have shards of glass in it  Not a good way to start a week of working camp! Pray it heals!
How can i repay the lord for his goodness to me 
hi princess ;-p Thank God...a3t8ed eno everything is alright.. bs a5bar shsmh mato9al 
@titianred thanks dear, my whole fam is at Lord's as I type  sigh
I need to restore my iPod. God no  Dunno whether to get a new one this close to holiday :\
I'm celebrating the day with my Friends at Divine Savior .. 
@jj_orbeta Jesus and The Lord on Earth, but why does it hurt so much?  What's up with you? Still sad about your ex? I'm here for you, J.
Wow I had a dream saying Jesus was going to be denounced as any type of holy figure in 2010..super creepy! 
Watching one of my favorite preachers/authors - @AndyStanley. Closest church in his network is 300 miles away  Thank God for TV/streaming
@TwilightWolf And you're not off 'til 11!  Bless  
@hmichelle05   Praying for you
Oh my god - it really is looking sticky now. 3 mins left and the raiders just scored again and are 19 to 5 up ..................... 
theres spoilers EVERYWHERE! team jonas, twitter, facebook, myspace, youtube! GOD, theres a thing called suprised...and temptation 
Wah, why is that this stock exchange 'thing' 's so hard to understand..  oh, God..waah
God they piss me off, if I do one little thing they make a huge fucking deal, need to move out ASAP, only been back a few days 
Ok...so if you dealin wit the Tri...just kno we get it in...in full recovery mode....God take this hangover away 
haha Ok...so if you dealin wit the Tri...just kno we get it in...in full recovery mode....God take this hangover away 
No tv coverage of the world cup final here  Thank God for online channels!!!!!
1. Bummed that my boy is gone for a week  2. Had a 3 hour conversation with her best friend last night. He's amazing. 3. Pray, Pray, Pray.
@tacce God that's gotta be scary.  In mid day too. WTF CALIFORNIAN ROBBERS
Oh my God, poor little Angel! - http://tinyurl.com/nvtzg5 
Oh my god, I am so bored. 
Saudi Telecom company is the worst one ever God how much I hate it 
Please keep my great grandmother in your prayers!! It's just a matter of time now!!   I serve and AWESOME God and he's with my family!!!!
Plz Pray - the boss just fired one of two ppl he doesn't like, my DH is the other one.    We need the ins for our daughter still in hos.
@smithcor Oh my God. 
Man! I don't wanna work today! I'm gonna miss the Secret Life season 2 premire.  Thank God for DVR.
So I just had the most horrible weekend... I thought I wasant going to get through it but I did!!!! Thank God... 
@MzVannaBlack Amen to that, some ppl just don't think..... 
I have finished my exam yesterday,but still can't feel free,oh GOD please help me,I fell really bad,what a preassure 
wow! the poor people on the metro crash  R.I.P. to those who died. Praying for the hundreds injured.
@MinnerDinner My goodness that's horrible. 
@Dare2Diva every now and then I still ask God about it...so far nothing  guess I don't need it.
Also thnk God my mom &amp; sister had 2 go2 the doctor 2day, &amp; my dad was trying 2 get a ride earlier! That's def our train. Very scary &amp; sad 
I thank GOD every day that I am a pretty healthy person and my family ! I see a lot of unhealthy people on a everyday basis 
in so much pain  sigh.. need some comfort.  And the worst part about it all is I can't eat :'( Lord make it go away
@porcelainfists please god 
Today is a weird day. Its my wife's birthday. However, her dog died today  Bless my wife's dog for making my wife happy. Bless my wife.
Oh my god this is so sad 
@imanikaalbrt THANK GOD! I missed it tonight 
Dear God i feel sick...ugh 
Lord if it was something I did bad im so sorry please just get my account back im so sorry 
@Bdub1983 thanks! Praise God no one I knew was on that train! 
@sheenashe how come i missed your singing!!??? i am not close to you anymore... i used to be able to say god bless you when you sneezed 
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to TBN last night! God is so AMAZING! Headed home from Miami. Didn't go to the beach cuz it's raining. 
That being said, I wish I really did have a Plastic Jesus. 
God Dammit i overslept 
Omw to work feeling drained mentally and physically im tired  so keep me in prayer
God give me the strength to get rid of the clothes I don't need... Because I keep trying them on &amp; hanging them back up 
just saw avery and ariana on our camps live stream...they were singing their guts out for Jesus! i miss our youth 
@ShawnKing Feeling your pain and anger, my friend.  I pray to God Mr. Nelson doesn't &quot;accidentally&quot; meet up with you in a dark alley.
Talking to God on the great White telephone... Grrrrrrrrr 
Mom decided to move my SK box to God knows where in this house! Therefore, I have no cords to hook it to my laptop 
@movingtargets oh Jesus those commercials are a scary thought.  And bah I know, I know he hasn't been well for a while but damn.  
@PerezHilton I prayed for you last night and will continue to pray.im so sorry  ~God Bless~ Xo-Holly&amp;Jensennn(:
God damn it! Weird rash on the back of my leg... may need to reconsider tonight's outfit... looks lile plan B 
@zoozees Sometimes, turning the other cheek doesn't cut it, and the best you can do for Jesus is get it over with quick. 
Jesus ive showered and i still smell like boxing gloves  
....Which means, I'm going to miss the &quot;Transformers 2&quot; blocked screening tonight. =(( God, I miss the world. 
@LAMB_girl God now that is such a hard question... my fav song ever is everytime it makes me cry everytime  wat about you? xx
@rcdellara TY Normally, try 2avoid politics, but   4this it's time 2b StarTrek alien woman... God bless our troops for our freedom here
just saw a bicyclist get hit by a car! He's bleeding pretty bad....dear Jesus, please be with him! 
I hate this ga traffic they trying to keep me from Jesus! 
Thank God for A/C... Even though it's bad for the environment... And the hydro bill... 
Listened to Luther Vandross on the way home from work - God I miss him 
my hair...flow it...show it...long as God can grow it...RIP my hair 
@God_sworkofart except we are on the Daniels fast. LOL. Hurry home, I miss u 
My God what is up with these insane drivers lately?! Whenever I stop @ the red light and look around, their faces look furious 
...I feel dumb...Lord give me peace!!! 
@LynnMaudlin the Lord giveth, Ahnold and the Dems taketh away!  #hhrs
Grrrrrr flight delyed!?! Praying for no turbulence at least  maybe this is a sign I should stay a traveling gi... http://loopt.us/2mg93A.t
@thefalcon2k: Holy shit! That sucks. 
@TheAndyKaufman dear god, did you cry 
@Bosta707 that's not fair  I wanted to see it really bad first!! But I guess it will be another day must keep focus for The Lord!
God, why am I so dumb  I can't believe how stupid I am! Agh!
@briannnajade goodness, i wish. 
@Warlach dont hold out much hope for God of War 3 then, the demo I saw and tweeted about recently was very impressive 
Is craving for Sashimi! God 
@falonnnn thank god. i miss you 
@vobarajas I hope I'm on your prayer list! Ask God to fast forward the next two years! 
i kno it sounds mean but i really want HIM 2 disappear, i cnt stand it anymore, so much misunderstandin . Jesus help me 
i really dont kno how to deal wid m dad.. give me ur hands Jesus 
Watching The Godfather III. Man, God must really hate Vincent to make Mary Corleone that freakin' hot AND his cousin 
cant get rid of this yucky feeling  its times like this when Id REALLY like to know what God has planned for me. putting my trust in Him.
Back to the orthodontist tomorrow.  Thank God for good dental insurance. The house still hasn't cleaned itself. I'm waiting.....
Why didn't they invite me 2 kingss dominion??? 
O ye weather Gods..have some mercy 
I am really not... amazing... grace.. 
Oh goodness gracious. 
Where did this evil cloud come from 
Oh goshers. Pray for me everyone 
i want to see my angel!! 
Thank God the cat came back.  I wish he wouldn't have, the little bastard woke me up at 5:30 this morning meowing. 
God's own country &amp; Devil's own politicians; time for a 'Keralathinu oru charamageetham' (Requiem for Kerala)  http://tr.im/pI8B #Kerala
I've just got to sit through an assembly and six 30 minute periods tomorrow and it will be holidays for meeeee. Thank God! I miss Jammy 
grandpap is in the hospital..Lord please watch over him and help him 
grandpap is in the hospital..Lord please watch over him and help him 
@3sixteenweb we don't even have air  Thank God for window A/C units!!! The humidity is horrible.
Awww poor guy  Jesus please touch his body
@johngriffiths7 thanks God to hear you're ok! Heard of what happened 
At the high school. Holy shit its so nice. I wish i could turn back time and go back. 
Pray for me - I'm facing one of the hardest days of my life... 
God Dammit i have summer reading 
@manipillai 3-4 hours? Oh my God!  Tragic! I was told it was 40 minutes!
This boy &quot;Geoff&quot; was our garden help(God bless him) he used to work for food-not a plate of food but food provisions for his family 
Farrah Faucet given last rights.. God Bless you and your posters Farrah. You've made so many horny males in the 70's so very happy 
feeling a little under the weather...   Thank God tomorrow is FRIDAY!!!!
IF only God gave me the strength to Kill myself.....  
Oh Lord, today is gonna suck food-wise. 
@MagicDandelions I will say prayers for them too 
I don't ask a lot, if anything, of God...but why o why did you invent grass pollen?!? Hayfever is rubbish 
Still groggy...  goin 2bed now. Hopefully,will wake up feelin ok. Lord, touch &amp; heal me.
God I love geneseo. Eating aunt cookies on front porch at main cuz I already gave ali my keys  haha
Goodbye Farrah...God Speed... 
will be watching prison break 2nite after her meeting.  Him-indoors wanted to watch it too, so couldn't watch last nite 
God,please .. be with Tiffaney .. 
One sixty six in bowling. Holy shit lol 
Pray for my friend @growline late work...pray it all goes well...with energy from our Lord!!  God is Good! #worldprayer
Believe it or not...I'm on vacation (well deserved) from 9th to 24th of April...God save my boss 
laying in bed. I have high hopes. it's going to be good.  God is GOOD !!! 
@Candacegirrl Thank God I don't have to take bio! 
Watching part one of the &quot;Who was Jesus&quot; trilogy from discovery channel  on dvr. 
@123lottie AWWWWW you must have the patience of a saint. 
@binncheol Be glad that miracles do happen 
@msmoss Haha yes that's me, for my sins 
my 2nd year in Heart of God church! Just finished a series of sms and conference, tired but happy things are moving 
@paulewatts Gods, I'm not sure what's going on. I think I'll wait for the 50D replacement 
@gfaraujo It's a god session 
@dottedwithearts hehe, bless you 
@SianMellissa bless you  x
@beckiowen goooon satans tonight?? lostprophets are playing reading 
God is a JD with a splash of cola and plenty of ice 
@Rosaapril Bless ya for it. Totally untrue but I luv ya lots for the thought. 
Up having QT - feeling better this morning as I am remembering that God's mercies are new every morning 
@mizphenomenal god wrote that i just typed it 
Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever Hebrews 13:8..... Holly 
Feet up on sofa, listening to mahler, debussy &amp; chopin on Opus. There IS a God! Who knew!  http://qt.my/48R
MSU may have lost, but Easter is here &amp; Jesus has risen!! Jesus won the greatest contest of all.  
@mileycyrus Yes, i love Jesus too  And: I love YOU!!!)
Good morning twitterland!! Be safe, have wonderful day, and God bless!! 
@barneyh Jesus is that you barney ....You've surfaced on twitter ... Albeit with a declaration of war 
I am trying to not get used to 12-15 hour work days....Lord, bless me and provide for me! 
@joyunexpected dont give it!!! You can do it! You'll have that breakthrough, watch...in Jesus name! 
Still going thru a slow thaw in Winnipeg, only God knows how to control a flood. Noah was the only one who listened.   lololo
Feeling mmm mmm good!!  Vibrant &amp; vivacious!! God is incredible!! 
@mileycyrus true dattt! hahh.. i always say christianity isnt a 'religon', its a relationship.. cuz Jesus is alive 
i just saw 17 again  sweet baby Jesus
@southplatte  We faced some fearsome weather, but the Lord was with us! Pray we have a great day as our AGF/MOSAIC teens perform today! 
is watching over a beautiful angel 
@India_Yellow I love your bg pic...awesome! that's why I followed lol  God Bless! 
Miracle day is today.  stepping into God's promises and hanging on the end of a branch
@addanaccity Hopefully, one of my nightly prayers 
Throat is the same as last night. But perhaps God can get more glory out of me this way than any other. 
is reading Proverbs.   &quot;The blessing of the Lord makes one rich. And He adds no sorrow with it.&quot; -Proverbs 10:22
Is busy busy busy at work. Pray the day moves like a boiling river 
Struck by this verse - Because of the LORD's great love we are not consumed for his compassions never fail. They are new every morning  
@strikingdstance Too bad you also can't find it online. Lord knows I've tried 
@reviveusa Hey, Vishnu is a Hindu God, Be careful man...... We may have to send @bobhamp over for a little cleaning. 
@oliviamunn Pho is God's cure for a hangover. 
@cl4irethomas Bless you, sounds like a tasty game now too 
@taylorswift13 i just made this  http://twitpic.com/3jnmv  i love you, you're amazing ! god bless you?
wishes a HAPPY and peaceful EASTER to all of his Orthodox Friends!... Let Resurrected Savior blesses you all, my dear People! 
@InBonobo i confess everything to the Lord 
@atropp Hand to God its true. the dairy is good for gout. bad for waists.  Don't hurt that is is pure awesome in disc form. #pizza #woohoo
@dr_drsh Allah yesaheloh 
i wish Jesus had a twitter.  lol
He who believes in ME will never thirst  thank you Jesus
Lord of the Rings is on... I'm so grateful the Ents were included  that was a brave move!
Fun ride with @SandraFoerster who's meant to be sick. God help us when she is fit and well 
http://twitpic.com/3iwqz - Beside me left u see the Vatikan Embassady, the white 1 at the end of street!  God as a neighbour is nice!
I need to exercise.   I love Jesus! 
After working in the garden &amp; sun for 2+ hrs &amp; the gym &amp; workin til 4am last nite - kinda tired - Thank God for Coffee  and passion!!!
@BJCarter BJJJJJ, you are a grace, I love you 
sometimes, like today, I simply stop and say, &quot;GOD! I have awesome parents! thanks for giving me to them.&quot;  gregory &amp; kathy, thank you.
 God is good. I'm working on some homework, and then headed to bed. Looking forward to tomorrow  
@suziam thank god for that! 
Hang in there @cancerlost I'm praying for you. God only gives us what He knows we can handle. Sometimes I wonder but He always comes thru 
God Daddy has once again blessed me with a new phone and computer for the right price at the right time  so privileged to be his daughter!
@JimmyNeedham Glory to God for giving you such talent!  * Keep on Keepin on...* LOL.  GOD BLESS!!! PTL!
@KevinPorter Yes, I meant to flag Revelation with a  ... It's not historically accurate cuz it's about the future.
Paid an unexpected visit to the ER this evening. Because of God's help, mama is ok.  Blessed day.
@HawkDunn Cant wait to see you in concert again  until then God Bless keep up the amazing musicall talent
I get amused at how religious ppl get during emergencies...I wonder how God feels about that? hmm. Good thing He's not like man 
@BarrySouthgate wadup hp  how's va doing? Prayin for u guys knw God will jst show himself strong and meet ppls needs 
Used the Pythagorean Theorem tonight to figure out the hexogonal spacing for my potatoes that I'll be planting tomorrow, Lord willing.   
@ddlovato good luck demi. Hope you have lots of fun. God Bless. 
@realin oye....BRRRrrrrrrrrrruah! Congrats mate...God bless you and your life partner! 
I feel sickkk. Going to go lie down and let God's powerzz move through me. 
my faith in humanity has been restored by @jwuniverse 
God is SO GOOD.  Glory to Him. PSALM 103:1 Can someone pretty please buy me The Bible Experience CD? PUHLEASE. I WANNNT ITTTT SO BADLY!!
God my head hurts. Very hung over this morning 
@MsNanai thanks for following me  Goodnight and God Bless...
@SleepingBlade thanks for following me  Goodnight and God Bless...
this week is going to be long. pls, GOD let everything go smoothly and let me loose 5 pounds lol (or just the first part would be fine) 
@thekatinas I agree! It starts with a Godly head of household/leader! 
I ain't rich but lord I'm free. 
@mihaiz like the prophet said 
God I love Reemer. There a wicked band! 
@freeeky i shall grant you the mercy you have deserved. 
@freeeky was planning on more generosity mercy-wise, but if that's what you demand ... 
Hugh Jackman is on T4  God, he's fucking gorgeous &lt;3
@PauloWill Congratulations Mr. Will, God bless you and your whife. Welcome to the world little Asaph! 
@annataxxxi Good news, there is only a very remote chance that there is actually a God around to hate you. 
Another 5am morning! Whew! Bless the Lord, somebody!   Ps. 118:23
god only knows what i'd be without you 
RAMBLY, RAMBLY, RAMBLY. Hangover. Arrrrrrrrrrrgh God. Listen to the Ramble, download download download loaddown owdnlaod x 
@Emenens Bolier is the future Trance God  #asot400
This is the day the Lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it!!!! Out of all burdens come blessings. 
@lovelybella73 Have a blessed day!!! I'm moving slow too...but gotta get up for the Lord 
@tommcfly aww bless dougie  do u actually read what we write back to you? x
Just got back from Church/Denny's. So grateful God showed up. Love it when He does that! Almost time to nap now. Yay. 
thank you so much guys for all ur prayers &amp; supports. U dont know how much it means to me. ILU ALL! &amp; may God bless u 
@fisherofmen I love the Lord. 
ummm... well pray for my mom pleeez! kinda awkward to ask.. but if u can.. well thx! God Bless All! 
Off to church! Thanking God for the blessed life that I have  without him nothing is possible
Thank God for allowing me to see another day 
@Charil Gotta love NY's spastic weather patterns. It'll be so nice one day then the next it'll be doomsday  God I love it here
@miszmary bless you 
@HKprettyinpink Ha!!! &quot;Hook,em Horns&quot;&amp; &quot;God bless Texas&quot; 
@yourimpact Amen to that one! 
@geoann07 ur welcome gurl god bless 
@ChibiCharChan hehe  it can be but so is a week stuck with your parents haha! Bless them.
Venti caramel frapacino's are the iced nectar of the Gods...laced with uber addictive God crack!  Yummy!
Pray your day was great and trust that lives were changed... Now time to chill with my Wife  peace
@Teach77 when i watch pirates i'm just too blown away by the fucking GOD that is JDepp. LotR is great too 
Oh well, Phillies are losing again..... time for banjo practice! Thank God for DirecTV on tour bus... I think....  first show at 4 PM
@MizAprilX ur wlcome grl u knooow  ily as a bff haahaha  god bless y'all &lt;3
angel is homosexual 
It's time for bed.... I'm about to turn into a pumpkin! Good night &amp; God Bless! 
is reading angels and demons 
@donnamaerizando I know. patience is key. so is actaul editing skill haha. making this work, Lord willing  thanks for the encouragment
My article is the lead this week! Yay! &quot;God's Missed Memo&quot; www.seattlerepresent.com please check if u have a sec. It's funny! 
@shoesandbooks God NIght........ 
@mileycyrus hi miley! hope you give a shoutout to my lil sis, mage. You're her idol. Thank you so much! God bless you! 
@rachaeldunlop http://twitpic.com/3ncqd - Him has a corms. om nom nom. 
Still soaking it all up, I love my king Jesus, speechless still 
@joelmadden you're insomniac !!! lol  I love GC   ho God =D
Thanks God, i have a new follower ! Thank you cpsia, whoever you are. You're the new demi moore, saving lifes on twitter ! 
Exhausted after a very long 13 hour day...feeling like I'm getting sick &amp; have to be up before 4am tomorrow...but I Praise God anyway!! 
Thank you God for the rain and tolerable breeze! 
@Ericatwitts &quot;They R worried...&quot;  They should be. Obama and libs have trashed us, God and our country for too long. Time to take it back! 
It's finally uploaded. Guys, if you like take a look @ this http://twitpic.com/3nd5j I miss my HSM buddies! God bless us all! 
Thank God for Intervention on demand.  I love this show!
I am off work today!! hip-hip-horay!!!! Thank you Jesus for this day ,and I pray for peace on earth In Jesus name Amen  
got into an accident yesterday.  Thankful to God that it wasnt too bad.   I'm off to work in Boca Raton, driving more carefully. -1-
@MGhoz @Bashmohandes Allah yebrek feekom. Thanks 
@skashliwal Ahhhh.... thank you very much kind sir . God Bless! 
&quot;Be strong, all of you who put your hope in the Lord. Never give up.&quot; --- Psalm 31:24   
@Almack1874 God help the poor person who has to try to get you to do anything you don't want to 
Class till 12:35, OT interview @ 1:30, chem class 3 to 5. Busy day, but praising God for my blessings  txt me.
@essence_thapoet awww sweetie...I am soo sorry!!! Pray on it mami.... you'll be fine, chica 
The german exam was ok. And I saw Him again. It made my day 
@FERNANDOANDGREG Madonna can have whatever she wants...she is God 
Thank you God for the rain! 
is acutally laying down before 4am....say ur prayers everyone and thank GOD for all of ur blessings....sweet dreams 
Aite twitches! I'm done with everything for da night! Today was Great!! Thank God for life, love, and food  goodnight xoxo
@LimeIce LOL! So u found yourself one..cute angel! 
Stay blessed all and continue to put God first 
I have a new iphone G3 and I just LOVE IT. Thank u God for making people so clever to invent it Now I am happy to answer every call 
is trying to be PATIENT  God, please give me a big heart so i can forgive them...
Good morning &quot;Tweetybirds&quot; ! A new day to be positive! God is good! Now, let me start off right with some cappucino! 
is loving the unvailing her hidden blessings!  &lt;3
Yay surfin bird! thank God for Seth Macfarlane 
I wanna thank Jesus Christ for giving me life &amp; a purpose... to inspire &amp; serve people 
all his nick names are awesome .. specially for ganguly -&gt; Lord Almighty may not get place in the 11 
@selenagomez hi! hope you could reply, it would really make me feel great &amp; so happy..God Bless.. hope ur not annoyed by me. 
God's amazing ain't he? Wonder if I did have so much faith in him like Jesus, I might play out death... 
I just tried to get into Mibba. Thank God it's back! 
Listening to 'Wonderful Magnificent God' by Don Moen, working,  Retrieving 'audio Bible software'.Am I not good in multitasking? 
Haha the fire alarm went off in the shopping centre, and we saw a hitchhiker that looked like Jesus! 
so happy, God is wonderful  7-fold rule, know it and live it! what you put out comes BACK 7 fold, peace and blessings to all, night 
Peace at last peace at last thank god for such a great night 
Summary of weeklong gospel meeting: met more of our family in Christ, someone gave his life to Jesus, changed lives and big hugs. 
@brazilian_angel i would have helped you with that but you know i barely know you 
My parents are to good to me and my brothers... God Bless them, they are doing a wonderful job 
and I feel the need to clarify.  I am not making fun of tweeps religion, just her wording.  God was the first do-it-Yourselfer 
&quot;being confident of this very thing, that He who has begun a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ&quot; Phil 1:6 
I'm listening to music, thinking of how wonderful everybody in the world is, how great GOD is, and glad that it is a new day! 
Body is so  weak but her spirit is so strong, haven't been that sick for yrs.But havent been that strong for years.God is Good Regardless 
@mileycyrus miley your movie is super fantastic  God is Good girl!!!!!!
Wasn't tweeting much today bc I was enjoying quality time with my other family  what a beautiful day.  Thank God.
Helping friend move. Pray for no hand / finger injuries... 
@Anointed365 hey that her bed more than urs...   cute pic, she looks peaceful.. how r u?
@Sashul Re: Tomb of Jesus... http://www.alislam.org/topics/jesus/ and http://www.tombofjesus.com Peace and blessings 
@ComfyPaws and god knows, no conservative is worth stroking out over. 
@thisisryanross *achoooo* bless you  xo
@faithjourney went to the kairos homecoming... So nice 
Jesus Manifestation today in Stockholm. Come and join. 
Cannot wait for church in the morning, God is gonna melt people's faces with His presence. Face melting is good by the way. 
My eyes grew tired,the situation was tired and it opened new doors in my mind. I will just have to run with it. Thank you God  No grudge.
@glenn_kinning Gd luck Glen try &amp; stay upright this weekend? 
Sweet dreams everyone.  God bless 
@ShannonLeto Aww bless. 
@michaelmagical Holy shit!! I think i'll stick with my instant coffee 
@Raeknightowl4 haha the lord heard my prayer 
I'm gonna say... I scrub up preeeetty well. God darn it i look HAWT! haha cant wait for tonight to start 
Well, God is humbling me... again... for the... um, what # time are we on again? lol. Maybe one of these days, I'll just stay humble. 
@cryssyfarm Lord - don't give her any ideas about rapping.  LOL  
gtg,, byee... take care always David! God bless! 
Thx God, proyek paving selesai, minggu depan tinggal ngecat hamur 
I had a great day and it was simply beautiful! God did wonders today and i worship him for all his good works! Goodnight  [Capt. CrackUp]
getting ready to go get some new letters to tack on behind my name.    Pray that it doesn't rain!!!
Whom shall I fear? 'Cause I am Yours ... &lt;3 that song.  Praise God!
@leightonmarissa thanks for sharing a bit of your personal life with your fans. Keeping your life private is so important. God Bless You. 
@matthew_west hey, johnson city is right around the corner from me!    i'll keep yall in my prayers!  God Bless!
@MISSMARY77 haha.Of course,it's good a busy.It is weeding .Enjoy ;)).I hope you will have wedding soon.But God knows ,love 
@delegatevoid may god have mercy on your soul 
Somehow lined up places to stay for every day of this tour. Praise God! 
Weapons qualification today. Pray. 
Dear work, thank you so much for being quiet this morning. If you had not been, I couldn't guarantee that I would be nice. God knew that 
Dear loving friends, please follow @jesuswired - they are EVERYTHING Jesus 
I shall wake up earlier tmr to continue work. Gd 9! 
@bunnykittycoat Holy crap. This is epic. YAY! 
@AtheneLOL Jesus didn't Shhhhfffttttt around the cornor. 
@imtyuk Thank God my family's safe and well!  I'm just bothered about the millions of Tamils dying by the minute! It's very sad!
Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap Holy crap          
@ReneeBarronMN It's a blessing that you share yourself for the sake of others 
Kohl's is playing worship music.  I love Jesus. 
@dannysullivan  I did make them. Thank God for the all the frosting. It covered up  the many flaws. 
@heidimontag im just laying around now, listening to your new song. which happens to be amazing btw! so on that note. Jesus is amazing! 
Lord have Mercy I'm going to bed! 
@johncmayer so the apostles would then include pythagorus, descartes, and capernicus, right? 
If the spirit of love is present, your attitude  will be like Jesus, standing in the shoes of the sinner, and never giving up on  them. 
@Hetty4Christ Yes! God is the answer!! 
I love when I re-do my profiel &amp; i love it so much, i look at it like 5 times in 10 minutes  God.Bless
@Prophet1958  its 10am here and I feel like that now 
Dear Jesus, i feel so deficient and undeserving. help me to have faith and push forward with a smile.  &lt;-- like this. try and try again!(=
@TheRealJennifer Amazing job tonight! You voice is a gift from God to this Earth. Sorry about the audience 
In BED after the club. Glad I had my sisters with me. Graduation later TODAY!  Nite God Bless all my dope Twitterites! ZZzzzzzz
Alright, going to bed earlier than last night;  But first I MUST catch-up on my Bible 
@jonibee Thank God for loving Grandmas like u!!   Giving out all that caring creates value driven children.  Bless U 
take a deep breath throw it  all away  Good night! God bless y'all &lt;3
@SusanRaymond They certainly are stocked full of goodness 
Is up and gonna be getting ready for my training day. Pray for me, im so nervous and i really want this job. 
@god goodnight 
Is up and gonna be getting ready for my training day. Pray for me, im so nervous and i really want this job.  .. ... http://bit.ly/HvIDU
forever the sickest kids are soooooooo ace!!! thank you Lord for given me someone (other than You and Jesus obv) to talk to 
Just got a week's worth of shopping, some new threads and the new Beatles L.P. all for less than a fiver - God, I love time travel! 
@eugenechua Thanks! It magically appeared in the lab and a friend of another friend saw it. Praise Him indeed 
Long and fruitful Sunday... full of worship and the Word, a missions meeting, an elders meeting, and youth group. God is good! 
Yay church!  Jesus is on the move, get ready!
New Music is here! 3 new pieces! Stevie-G. is back ing the studio y'all!!!   We have &quot;Hoops!- God Has Promised&quot; featuring clips of Rev ...
@adamneal23 Of course He was! God works in ways you don't even know  .....Off to Elevation!
@Wickedness77 hello my dear! I haven't went to sleep yet 
Twitmorning my lovely friends! I remember when I was YOUNG we'd say God was angry when we heard the sounds of thunder n heavy rains... 
I love when things go wrong on sundays! Bring it on God 
@LayDown28 God is Good 
@feemccloud Zig Ziglar IS a genius &amp; God's gift &amp; my mentor. I think I was in the womb listening to Zig.  His Son Tom is awesome!!
Just tlked to a 3rd grader for baptism. I grilled her hard on sin, Jesus, knowing vs believing it...she had it down! Shes been redeemed! 
Gietting ready to go to church &amp; do some worship to the Lord  The joy of the Lord is your strength! Be blessed.
@mileycyrus you have changed my life, thankyou i love you so much, God Bless, your my hero 
@crewcommunity the book Humility by @cjmahaney - read it! if you wanna borrow it, tweet me 
@lilyroseallen currently in a discussion with a mate about &quot;Him&quot;. I think it's about god, mate thinks it's about GWB. Who's right? 
People can be so selfish at times.  Oh well. Thank God for two way streets.
Just got caught up on gossip girl...omg, I am so 17 again!!  Now I need to spend some serious Jesus time! 
God Bless bank holiday mondays 
@leahmichelle Amen. 
At church. It's good to be back. Cynthia better come today!  God bless, everybody!
@GloriaNelson blessing Hef the way one would bless their old grandfather. God bless his little heart 
Hello everyone!!! God is good!! W/ my Queen B!! We are going to grandma's house!! I'm happy cause God is working miracles in my life! 
Pray before floating to Slumberland. God, I wish to grow beautiful &amp; enchanting fairy wings! 
Going to breakfast with my sister and the kids.   ~Jesus Junkie~
@Jordanyup Good morning guy  have a nice day, God bless
@Dougrea Yeeeeehaaaaa my son does our dishes and cleans, daughter does vacuuming and scrubs bathtubs. Thank God for kids. 
@hellorachael aww bless that's a nice tribute 
@Hetty4Christ Doing well, Church ths morning was so cool. God was wrkn, ppl came back 2 the Lord, &amp; the pastor was encouraged w/ applause 
Jonah is the topic of the day... You saying something God? 
@mhenslee so at least we didn't waste our prayers! 
@Kirsten_Dunst http://twitpic.com/4ihtw - happy birthday..nice hair...God bless... 
@rickosborne Amen. And I'm so grateful to be caught.  
Ever notice how bright green the leaves appear when the sky is dark with storm; it's like God's Light is shining through the darkness. 
Dear God- find me a job in SF - thank you 
@rachelicious i hate text convos too!lol thank God someoen Normal!lol ill call whats ur number? direct message me beautiful 
@nanachelle Behold the turtle for he only makes progress when he sticks his neck out 
just re-applied for the job i currently have... and some others. Jesus do what You want to do 
I have amazing friends. Thank God for that! 
@djmessiah u and @mixgrindhnic needa cut me a deal and ill buy more than 1 Messiah tape. 
saying my prayers. then going to bed 
Guys Tonight's House of Worship was the BEST 1 of all the ones this yr. I could feel God's presence. 
@Hetty4Christ Well...pain can be pleasure..right?  
Just gotta call from God he said he lost an angel. Shhh, i didn't tell him where you were cuz i wanna keep you forever! 
had a tough morning, devil wanted to keep me home with a flat tire, but the Lord succeeded, and I'm glad He did 
@The_Deliverer wishin it was me 
Thanks everyone, it's been a fantastic week on twitter!  Catch up with you again tomorrow.  God bless, &amp; goodnight 
@BellaSugar98 Night.  God Bless!
I really want to go to that concert. Lord, give me an adult to come w/ us. Haha 
Jesus is my Homeboy 
beaming karmic goodness @smperris  
what a lovely day, masha Allah! emmm emmm guess we should make some beef burgers today, yay!  go girl!
I totally choose Jesus-thru the strength He gives me!!!!  AMEN! ? http://blip.fm/~5j8ej
@lindseymalone Sweet Dreams &amp; see u on the morrow God Willing! 
@RickGallagher much more than we ever can comprehend-&amp; that is all about Him!! one day we will see that!  leaving this all behind-fathom?
@Debbas Your such a good son. God Bless u all &amp; hope everything works out ok. 
@ihsankhairir double degree inshaAllah 
last minute laundry, packing, listening Fine Frenzy, .....heard God voice in my soul - excellent 
Going to bed  Lord help me manage my time so I might get things completed. Goodnight and God Bless!
Felt led to send that. Hope it helps someone. If so let me know. God bless and goodnight! 
@RickGallagher isn't that hard? weird part was-strange blessing w/my ex prior adultery and beating me-tried to shove Jesus down my throat 
@awaisnaseer always write holy words in capital dude, ALLAH HAFIZ ! 
loves her some worship papers. and had a fantastic day. the Lord is good. and constantly surprises me. 
@daxxbondoc thanks Daxx you too!  God Bless you brother! 
Hey @deangeloredman yes! Praise Him! lol   (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
@Lord_Kartz I've been studying for a year now  And 5 years in school...
end of work... Thank God! I accomplished a number of things...  http://plurk.com/p/rpaag
Thank God @aravindkumar is a sport and doesnt take offence in my jokes  Unlike the three good friends who have stopped talking to me!
mmm, just had the best delicious chocolate pancakes for tea break. oh thank God for HERHSEY'S Chocolate Syrup! 
@damaliayo Thanks so much my dear Damali - prayers worked, as I am much better, God willing!  Rested! Lots!  xoxo
had an answered prayer which caught me by surprise. LORD, you are amazing! 
@ladylaine18 i quite like God Save Our King too 
@AimeeNewell Oh God bless you 
This is the day that the Lord has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it 
Today is going to be a good day!! On my way to work spending time with Jesus 
Woohoo..this is the day/week the Lord has made! Just remembered we get to wear jeans &amp; chanclas all week! 
times for lame school, UGH!!! XP Thank God mondays r quick for me 
Off to school so tired didnt hear the 10 texts i had last night lol !! Still tired but i love Jesus Christ 
Only a month left of high school! Thank God. I am ready for summer 
I did it! I finished my first chapter summary on Care of Souls! Pray that I can have the Lords understanding! This isn't easy to do! 
Back from AOT last lec.. Alot of question marks on my head.. But thank God for all the tips.. Should be able to pull tru 
@UncleRUSH get well soon! God is watching over you 
@zacgandara .. did you have to bust a cap? tell me you had to bust a cap for Jesus! 
responding to more questions at Thou Shall Blog! I appreciate this community. 
@mlwebb See? Sucked you right in.  The only problem will be church/Sunday race conflicts, but that's why God gave us DVR. :-D @jen_niffer
@CrZy4Him girl, when you crash, it may last for 2 days 
@littlereddr WHAT! That's a sin! 
@DuaneCoffin then maybe we should ask Him for a raise. 
@jasonmitchener awesome! What a blessing 
Reading the bible, praying, then bed 
TIRED! goodnight twitter  its mother's day  happy mother's day  lov my moomy &lt;3 yayy! God Bless.
ontd is our god 
@aaalisson YES. He's fascinating. I love his bedroom.. oh my God. The books. 
- God i'm up early. Hayley still asleep but today is party day so i'm getting stuff ready.  x
@LILBOOTY24 If u do, please pray 4 me.  Lord knows I need it. 
going to church  god bless you all.
finally gonna get sum sleep  that concert was crazy!!! God Bless those ministers!!!
@heidimontag - Bless you as well sweetie, and i hope you have a wonderful weekend 
@katofawesome Praying for love in a lap dance, and paying in naivety. &lt;--One of my fav songs 
&lt;----------- is listening the FUCK out of Lamb of God 
church bellss are ringin  got to go. adieu,(god bless in german)
@Mummyofmany Jesus heals 
Sending blessings out to @gailelaine  
Paul Scanlon sharing from God's Word this morning, he's sounding a bit hoarse perhaps a touch of *#cold*? It won't hold our Pastor back 
@amandabynes heey  your awsome. god bless.
had a nice brunch by the bay.. Thank God for Mommies! 
It's like I'm living in a Dream Land. I (always) get what I want. God, thank you for everything. I'm so grateful for this lovely life 
@xo_mcflyandjb in heaven, i'll go everywhere 
gets sumthin special, but i want more. akankah suatu hari ku kan mendapatkannya...? only GOD knows... 
Awesome sunday service  God is for you, Jesus is praying for you - What can man do to you?!
@danielord if God who invented VPNs, then I'm sure the other guy invented region-specific webcontent  But yeah, it the way to go.
@david_myers Thanks for calling. My phone was at the other end of the house. Wow, that was ugly. Thank God that's not her name! 
@sara1536 a fucktard is a fucking retard  and yeah, it a very pretty place to live.... Full of backwards inbred country idiots! Bless
Taking a day off?  We are going to try on this Mother's day!  God Bless all the mothers out there.
@cgbrofmi I will my brother... time to be with family and enjoy the Lord's creation! YOu have a blessed day as well!  
@CathPrdDaughter which evokes the old hymn, Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition!!  
Cricket widow today.. thank the Lord for parents 
May God be glorified! Working with the Praise team this morning!  To God be All the Glory!
Excited about preaching on the true role of Mary the mother of Jesus in the state of MARYland 
Thank God for mothers! They are the most treasured gift! Especially mine!  happy mothers day!
time to get breakfast for the kids &amp; get them ready for mass. Spending this mothers day like every day, being mom.  God Bless all
Nature can be so beautiful at times, such pretty colours in the world! Well done God, good job  x
Uploaded music into my phone. Incredibad and Intolerant. God of War on a Boat!  http://plurk.com/p/sxhht
count your blessings, not worries 
&quot;The maker of the stars would rather die for you than live without you.&quot;  God via Max Lucado 
tishi has just jumped on my lap then nearly fell of bless her 
design on the poster is approved! i'm happy! thank you Lord! 
@Yahzarah Happy mothers day, God mother of music 
@davidschons  I believe in spreading God's word, and one of those words, for me, is Jif.
@Paradigmsl Thank you!!  Glory to God
is not sure if she will finish the manuel 4 CASA, but is loving the quiet work time with Jesus...  ::sigh::
Yep! Its perfect riding weather at the mo. No wind!  I would just like to thank God and baby Jesus for this great riding weather. Hehehe
@ceannieboy I wish I was there. God I miss it! Enjoy the clouds for me 
Goooooood night! Praying for some sunshine! 
@brypie i'm not on tour yet. but i hope to be soon  and I'll go wherever Jesus needs me
back from my grandmothers!  happy mothers day to my mom!   The Lord is wonderful, I'm so thankful!&lt;3 i love her! God Bless
WHY CANT I SLEEP??!?? God, or similar persons, hates me! On a lighter note, a friend from school is about to pop with baby  Good luck Gem!
Praise god for a great day.  goodnight friends
@_KittyKat3_ dear god are you ok?! @Kevirus she knows you should be studying  
God is sooo AWESOME!! he's given me the chance to find my family 
typing a little css goodness  
I'll pray for you if you want me to. Just ask me and God will answer. May God Bless You!! 
@blue_intheface Amen!! 
@DrAnthony goodnight! Sweet dreams! God Bless! 
heading to bed, work tomorrow!  that sounds so good! God is good!  btw we were txting earlier, and Darrell agrees..
Divine road-side-stall fruit, amazing fresh apples, mandarins, gripes, cashews and macadamias  next up fresh oysters yuummm!
thank you Lord for keeping us safe  Refinnyj &lt;&gt; P.R.A.Y!
@stevebanfield noted  I have never seen it. I want to, perhaps after Jesus Christ: Vampire Hunter goes back.
@denvy &quot;If the prayer is stronger... then the prayer will be answered&quot; - that's why I always flagellate myself 
@babygirlparis you watch lost all you want, but god knows you will never get it! 
@CrZy4Him  it was fun but the bottom of my jeans are muddy and they're the only pair I bought o.O
Ahahah! @PaulaAbdul: God spelt backwards is God...Dog and God. Uhh. Hahah. Her dogz are really cute 
@DavidArchie wish I had seen you on SIS andEAt Bulaga. God bless on your concert. 
@Lady_Divine don't worry, you haven't got much online to reveal 
In GOD all things are possible.  
Going to say my prayers and go to sleep! 
@God_Loves_Us thanks  that's awesome! food for the spirit
&quot;God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today.Have you used one to say 'thank you?'&quot; -William Ward &lt;--I want to remember that. 
enjoyed his mentoring session with Mark, praying time was awesome.. God's presence was in my room. Thank you God and i love you. 
@all4Him426 hey I finally got a twitter 
@Justanatheist God loves you and so does His son Jesus Christ. Have a blessed day 
@jasondeere I say Amen, too!  What a memory! 
God Bless all the tweeple in twitterverse 
off to enjoy this beautiful day! &quot;This is the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice &amp; be glad in it&quot;  
angels and demons? more like mortals running about but it was in-te-res-ting! 
Our God and Kind-oh Praise Him! He is King of ALL!   ? http://blip.fm/~69e2x
@fmckinnon Because ALL scripture is God-breathed? 
cleaning! getting ready for the fam to come in! ~ workin 2-5:30 ; &amp; I can't wait to see the fam when I get home   ::God Bless::
Kris rocks BECAUSE he rocks with God! 
@jamielynnbeals I am doing great! Thank u 4 asking  n how r u doing? God is good!!
Last night, worried that I'd oversleep. Had a dream that I overslept. And guess what? I overslept. Poopy morning. Thank God for Benda 
thinking  fun to do. Would it not be amazing if God could grant you one wish of doing your dream job
@mileycyrus God Bless you Miley!!! 
@DavidArchie Hi david! hope you had a great time last night! Wish you all the best!  God Bless!
Angels &amp; Demons is AWESOME to watch!!  And made me wonder about one thing: Do ppl all have gifts do believe in God?
happy sunday everyone! God Bless Us.. 
@Spidarrr have you watch angels and demons yet? is awsom!! so great! I recomend it 
@tdale07 You're making me mad! Gokey Glasses are mine. You must thank God you're a gentleman! We're all falling in-love here. 
@karmagirl12 Yes, we do have clear visions sometimes. Blessings!  
on theatre,waiting 4 angels &amp; demons...alone. 
With family, we're otw to give GreyMe a visit. Thank God for giving me a lovely family like this 
http://twitpic.com/5chmt - Saw a beautiful rainbow today. It was so big I couldn't fit it all in one picture. God is good 
Sometimes, all you can do is sit back and watch as the Lord takes the lead. 
Done with Children of Dune. Now for the God Emperor 
watching angels and demons.... again... 
Sleep before watching the munchkin tomorrow aka Galvin! God I love my nephew  so cute!
opening my mouth wide.. fill it Lord! 
God is SOOO good!!! ask me why! 
Loveing my Lord and Savior for all that He is  Our God is so AMAZING!! 
@calebandsol,u guys are really awesome.ur music speaks to me!u guys added me on youtube,so i decided to follow u  keep burning for Jesus!
@JoesGaGirl Lord, girl you got dong on the brain   LOL
In bed... Watching &quot;Living Single&quot; til i fall asleep. Hopefully i'll sleep all day. Nighty nite Twits and God Bless! 
The joy of the Lord is my strength 
just got back from &amp; church &amp; loved it! I love you Jesus 
@MikeScantlebury My God, are you a jam/marmite scientist?  I'm very impressed with your response.    Thank you!
@eugeneadu Since u cant go 2 church, juz Pray,Praise,giveHim glory and Worship HIM at home! HE is there too..He is everywhere! 
Just got home from auburn. Resting for about an hour before headed to grace. Pray its a restful hour 
@DavidArchie its a pleasure David. I hope you'd come back. Take care on your way home. More blessings to come for you. God Bless. 
is back to hospital to talk to the Vet about GreyMe's condition. Pray, pray, pray! 
lol, just downloaded The Lonely Island's album! God those guys are funny! Luv, who said we're wack! 'Oh! There he is!' qualitly...  
The Jehovah ducks are back  http://mobypicture.com/?og891q
@Abbie_Judd : cool.  I have to do so much for school.. but I'm too lazy.. God!  xx
Organizing + cleaning, breakfast, Jesus time, church w/ the fam, &amp; an afternoon nap. It's going 2 be a good day 
baby's temp has gone back to normal  thank GOD!
@collageartist I don't know what that is but god it sounds good 
8am church service.. gotta get the most out of every day. tired - but gotta keep pushin!! the Lord will give me strength.. He always does 
Morning twitters enjoy your day 2day keep God first n please try n make I to church on time  I'm up in NJ @ 8am service crazy tired  ...
Time to get ready for church! Everyone have a very God Blessed day! Tweet with you all later! 
God to hear Horrillo is out of the medically induced coma, can be spoken to and can move arms and legs  Speedy recovery to him please
I did rapped at Grace Place. It was fun  Great day, good crowd, new faces, and most of all, we're simply amazed by God's grace today!
...thanking the good Lord above for Sunshine today and the coming week 
Nothing like starting off the day by  getting a pedicure by a 3yo: http://twitpic.com/5cw5d Thank God I wear Keens. 
@mileycyrus &quot;Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and has made the Lord his hope and confidence.&quot;- Jeremiah 17:7 Lots of love xxx 
G'morning. On my way 2 church, once again my God has proven himself worthy of all my praise. Have a blessed day. 
just finished morning prayer time. going through the message a couple more times before service!  Praying God will move mightily today!
Bout to get ready for Jesus house 
@serenajwilliams God bless you! have a nice day. Good luck. 
This is the day the Lord has made, rejoice and be glad in it  favorite saying from my grandmom and mom (@sellsue)
My SIL is married!  It was a beautiful wedding mass and reception.  God bless the two of you 
Headed to church with Alex!  Thank you God for a pretty day!!
This is the day the Lord has made, let us rejoice and be glad in it 
It brings me joy to see people get baptized into the very kingdom of my Lord &amp; Savior Jesus Christ! 
Lord,i am weak but you are strong,you pick me up when im fallin down, oh im glad ive got you in my life,Jesus 
ha, such an ironic day. God is so funny. Think I just found that lining 
@2assist Pray for me while you're in church. Thanks homie. 
I gotta get going.  It was a pleasure twittering as always.  Good day everyone and God bless! 
Glad to hear mom dad &amp; opa have arrived safely!! Thank God 
**Gasp** not a Pepsi in the house! Thank God for my hubby...he's off to the store for me! He's such a sweetie, yep...I love him! 
Sing a new Song to the Lord! What a great day 
Goin up river too shoot my sig saur, n bushmaster  God Bless America #Gun #NRA #shooting
@Momto3blessings yep, I gotcha. 
Late night last night - and everyone crashed at my place  thank God I'm OCD and cleaned up last night...
@Schwarzenegger Hi Governor.I love Baptist  churches.Everyone  so enthusiastic about their love for the Lord. They r not afraid 2 show it 
May the Lord answer ALL your prayers. Psalm 20 1-5  I found serenity in this this morning. God bless
I am awestruck by the love of my fiance, and how that doesn't hold a candle to Jesus' love for me 
@judahsmith God is good! All the time  Wishing you guys a message filled Sunday!
Today was a reminder that god has always been with me.. and that my  blessings the past few months are just the beginning to my blessings 
I didn't realize, it's 2:06AM already! I should sleep now. Good night, or good morning, or whatever. LOL ) God bless 
 this was much needed for me. I feel free...thank you Lord..
@jennypoynter and i would but oh god it would be perfect 
Until I see you face to face &amp; grace amazing takes me home Ill trust in you. I'm at chuch loving Jesus! 
My recent inactivity at twitter can be explained by the fact that my exams are just two days away. Pray for me ppl! 
: turns out somebody's receiving Jesus online right now! 
@DavidArchie Praying for a safe flight home for you &amp; the band &amp; the crew!!   We've missed you!!
Service was good 2day folk said yes 2 Christ &amp; joining the service of God... Our young adult meeting was great food &amp; the Word. Now nap 
Wow,strangely, I'm  calm. Thank God.  ok la, goodnight tweeteries  @simonpurwa hey,should play golf sometime yeah? 
@dannygokey You're the man, Danny! God Bless! 
Feeling the presence of Holy Spirit so strong right now! So tangible! Ahh the most profound peace and giddy joy! Nothing else like Him 
Brrrrrrr, I'm freeeeezing. God! I wish Liverpoool was warmer. I'd love to go somewhere hawt right now, but not too hawt 
Have a quality time with my best today, thanks God.. 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/4leox - bless himmm 
headed to a flea market! Thank God the sun is shining! 
@heidimontag  u'r so amazing girl, spencer and u r the most beautiful people together!  Jesus LOVES u ! God bless xoxo
Surprised at how well I'm doing on sop little sleep..thank you Jesus 
@Shadez are you comparing yerself to Lord Krishna?/?!!! OMG! plumpi, you just cracked me up! Like totally!!  har har har har
@littlelarie hey there fellow angels 
Thank God for little yellow birds that bring a smile to my face 
oh and..plus, leave everything to GOD 
The season finale of Family Guy is too much!  God, I love Stewie! 
@RobinTaylorRoth Thank God for the Blackberry then 
praise the lord, i'm going to cfsiium 
MHOP was AMAZING. God is showing me things that are just awesome  Goin to bed soon
well...i thought i was going to sleep  aahahaha (evil laugh)
Not a damn thing on TV.. lol..A 1000 feckin channels and nothing on .. lol..Thank God for books 
@GeoffJohns0 or a sign from god 
wow, church really moved me tonight  &quot;Weeping may endure for a night, but joy comes in the morning.&quot; -Psalm 30:5
Proverbs 15:33..smile heaps today! it changes lives 
Btw, I'm done and full! Thanks to the Almighty 
@rhadi God is definitely Good!!!   I like how you have your priorities together.
@MissJia dammit I'm all late! *curse u wine gods* lol but we can get it so poppn 2morrow eveningggg 
@rnewbury Bless you!  
#3hotwords....&quot;GOD loves U&quot; All Day Everyday! Believe that! 
Off 2 bed 2 much excitment 4 one day  Peace Y'all
Glory2God mment: Spoke 2guy frm past. He's christian now PTL! Convo was healing. 4giveness is a beautiful, freeing gift. Thanx 4 prayin' 
@ddlovato amen. you're my idol, and i cannot WAIT to see you on july 6. eeee 
&quot;Many are the plans in a man's heart, but it is the Lord's purpose that prevails&quot; - Proverbs 19:20 (thanks @shellkat1986) 
@ddlovato demi your the best ily god bless 
@ddlovato Demi - i love you.  You're so cool   Just wanted you to know that   God bless you girl
@DavidArchie Hi david! hope you'll come back soon here in the Philippines!  God Bless!
Wolframalfa.com is finally live - engineers' heaven!!! 
@SashaVujacic Congratulations to you guys! let's keep on believing!  God bless!
@dorothy1985 There is a rumor Jesus is meant to be coming back maybe your the lucky lady this time 
The Holy Bible is GOD's Story (His Story=History) so events of all time are recorded therein, both verbally, &amp; in code. IT IS INFALLIBLE! 
@vp2008 My god that was hilarious! 
@Benebdon Amen to that, at least one of them that can restore our faith in the bunch of rat bags 
is on his way to church for RR setup! God will refresh my spirit, and renew my strength! 
I have an A rated team  Thank God for that.
@dark_fairydust Him do not listen often, but I love their Wicked Game cover. You can twit me whenever you want 
@NUTHINwivoutGOD AMEN to that wow so hapi for you Gods great aye!... I miss spending time with Him, I should do some more 'God time' soon 
O my god, I'm so nervous! 
My God! This day is soooo slow. I think I need some rest from my day job already 
talked to Rachel in Otago tonite! Thank God for you in my life 
@layuhponit I cant help it lol. Thanks God it went away thou 
@YoursTruli Hi there, sorry to hear of your son's accident.  I will keep him &amp; your family in my prayers.  God bless and hang in there. 
is going to start and 8 episode marathon of BONES 4th season now! God help me 
@DavidArchie hay David I would like to congratulate you and david cook for a very successful concert that held last saturday.  God Bless 
@Cookleta  Hey david just wanted to congratulate you and david archuleta for the successful concert last saturday.. God Bless 
Ugh, soooooo much work to do. Thank God I get a 3 day weekend this weekend 
Sending out my good mornings  feels great to be alive.. God Bless Us !! 
Ended up jogging to Jelita to buy food with the sis.  @SedzOz Haha, yeah.  @letterboys Holy guacamole batman it's 10 years old. O_o.
@tommyreyes oh goodness 
@bakerash thank you!  bless you
listening to Jesus Christ Superstar 
awake since 7 o'clock. Sis drove away for 2 day  Tomorrow ZAP; God please assist me a last time! :-*
Lord have mercy on the filming tomoz! (Talk about walking on water...) Jesus thanks for the best day and let's beach-run tomoz AM again 
@marielinton let's all pray that you err.. we don't. 
@Danielle97X God. I can&quot;t fucking wait. Good thing I put some new tunes on my iPod this weekend. 
@anthonyjohnston Chicken  God i`m so the same so that makes two of us lol
@CrazyBallerina the messiah!!! hahaha .... he thinks he is &quot;Bruce Almighty&quot; ... its time the cookie crumbled 
@askegg Sorry, I forgot about your God given sense of humor  Seriously though, how are you?
@brione It cleared up, finally, around Morris. Thank God for Clif bars and my iPod! 
o,h, god is enough for me. 
Good mornin twitterville!! Word of advice... Ur karma is how u respond to others. Theirs is how they respond to u. God is great!! 
is proud of my boys Cam and Nique...class of 2009 Give Glory to God....Neva coulda made it without God 
@KathyCash I am indeed...foreseeing a quick blog post on the topic coming soon  http://myloc.me/15Jn
Good morning ya'll! I'm up....Thank u God 4 another day!! Tytorey doing the usual arguing b4 school. That brotherly love. LOL 
@TerriCook blessings right back 
goodmorning! thank God for the Start of a new day  hope u all have a blessed week ahead
@3thbi Heheheh good stuff! Walla my day was extremely boring but thank GOD I'm home now.. Relaxing shway 
@cameyg Praying for YOU 
GOD put as here and by faith there will be better days  - better days by diane reeves
@imarebel116 feeeeel better friend in the name of Jesus! Amen 
@LaFemmeLaVie Definitely, I already prayed tO God cause I'd need his help big time on this one  my little nephew is very full of life 
What beautiful morning!!! Thank you, God!!!! 
Your lip-gloss is so not glossy anymore! I still love you!  Praise Jesus!
@feeband wake em up with all because of Jesus 
@Newilli Blessings and thank you.  We all need something to strive for right? 
I love how my garden looks with a fresh layer of God's FREE mulch. Not to mention the promise of no (at least fewer) weeds this summer.  
@shixianjia peace || if i were to be a monk, it would be a playful denomination... a tron monk  be well!
@suzannadanna Praying it all soon improves!! 
then I'm going to reeeevise. Thank God I have Diet Coke. OH! I also have 'I'm on fiiiiiaaaahhh!' from Scott Mills as my text tone 
Waking going to finish the God Father Part Three, clean my house and work on my book 
survived the weekend with 3 kids under 5 solo... Praise God for McDonalds, Disney and childrens Benadryl 
Marketing calls god I hate them!!they should be stoped 
@DrKimmiePooh glad you had a nice date night again!!  Loving the idea..... check out this song &quot;If I wrote a note to God.&quot; on Oprah today.
Its my birthday and for the first time ever I am working! Thank God for employment 
@cvpuerro ...and on the last day, God made Ambien...  I've had insomnia for 4 days &amp; finally got my medicine &amp; slept like a baby
@GodAllahYahweh &lt;&quot;Oh dear,&quot; says God, &quot;I hadn't thought of that,&quot; and promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.&gt; 
I am so glad kris allen won! Him and his wife katy are such a cute couple 
@laurenmcartney thank god i can fast forward  haha
@WKJThD NIght! Sweet Dreams! God Bless! 
@timidheathen They have to chuck Jesus in somewhere or their boss wouldn't be happy 
is about to watch tv until i fall asleep....say ur prayers and remember GOD loves you no matter what you do....sweet dreams 
@MarketLikeAChik NIght my friend! Sweet Dreams to you too! God Bless! 
@Snookss Praise the lord for that...  I think we need at least one 3 day weekend a month!     And I'll go to bed soon, I'm sure.  ;)
@itsonlywords night my friend! Take care and sweet dreams!  God Bless You! 
@rohitsabu oh yeah... he's GOD... 
@kentology Him! gots wheels 2morrow eve &amp; wondering what is earliest u can meet me as i have to get to bed as early as possible fri 
@WitFrontlynaz Amen bruh!  We got this in the bag!
so I wanted to take the 710 N to stop by for a Jumbo Jack. 710 is closed. God really cares about my diet. He's really looking out for me 
@davidarchie just wanna ask are you at the AI on the finals night? i didnt notice you, LOL. God Speed ^__________^ pls reply soon. 
&quot;My son, do not despise the Lord's discipline and do not resent his rebuke, because the Lord disciplines those he loves...&quot; 
Trying to decide if I should have lots of caffeine, try to get a bunch of things done or crash on sofa. What would Jesus do?  #wwjd
@filmutopia good god, I hope not. 
Sis is ok! Thank God! 
@babblingbrookie.The 2 of you must be hyperventilating during that time. HAHA. Good for the two of you! God Bless and Take Care always. 
@MKupperman and by you! I mean, oh lord of comic based mirth 
Thank God it's Friday! Can't wait for Delorentos tonight 
@tylerjchesher  I totally love you. you are yummy goodness. who are you and what do you do? 
@babblingbrookie wow Brooke! what time is it there now? i kinda saw you yesterday! really cool! and kris won! my God. i'm so happy. 
@bradiewebbstack haha i didnt no how the hell you have beat terminator salvation god your loved 
Excited for LAX tonight  wait did I spell excited right? God my brain cells are near extinction!
@vimoh Wow! You are?! Say this then: I, (your name), do swear in the name of God (or solemnly affirm) to watch the live telecast of ... 
FATHA GOD YEEESSSSS! GOODMORNING!     
is on the bus to college, still wanting that tlc she asked for on monday. God its been a week? Get to meet a guy who won an oscar today! 
@FACT_Liverpool haha... God bless you for trying. Odd I was always picked near last I'm school aswell 
@the_apostate Thanks for the #followfriday! 
its just one of those days.... where things dont go smooth... Praise the Lord!!! 
@Gump8594 what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be playin' the God Father? Or finding a job? 
@dindabh: Wow, if she's more beautiful, I wish she have a god relationship with him 
One more day with the 6th graders. Glad I know the Lord.  I can do all things with Christ who gives me strength. 
saint huck is the best song ever! although it may took you to madness 
@vsureddy I can't think. I can't fast. I can't wait. What about my salvation? 
and now aqua GOD i'm hijacking next, fancy a birrov smiths  teach them about good music ;)
US Visa approved! Thank you, God!  The guy who interviewed me was masungit. Tsk.
@bryan_kavanagh Amen to that dude 
THANK GOD it's friday/three day weekend beeches 
Expecting nothing less than greatness from a great God! Psalm 5:3. Happy Friday! 
At work ...AGAIN! Thankful that God sent some much needed rain for my garden and flowers 
@dszuc shabbat shalom. 
? All beacuse of Jesus, Casting Crowns - Mooorning! 
@LollyDaskal  we would love it if you would follow us  blessings
Good morning Homies! Thank u God for getting me here ontime  Jax here I come, 1st class red eye ;)
I Really Like Him 
@JeffBelongerFHA Praying for a day off 
@EntertainmentIE Oh God  BATMAN!!!!!!! I am so bitter right now  I will practice the art of gun kata and try to go in her place 
@FairyFloss89 TGIF vuol dire Thank God It's friday 
Last day of intercession. Thank God. Cannot wait to come right back home and crawl right back in bed 
 @IdleEric how shall we fuck off, oh lord?
TGI freaking F! Thank God for long weekends! 
Good run! The lake is beautiful  God is good!
god save satriani 
@diefenbach a curse and a blessing 
@TiaMowry  CW sux for dropping the show. Thanks God for those 3 years, He will provide for you 
TODAY IS FRIDAY! =D finaly good morning people God bless and have a good day 
68 degrees, cloudy and drizzling rain the morning. Motivated me to go out for a run/walk. It was AWESOME! Thank you God! 
Recovery from my mouth surgery is going very well so far, thanks be to the Lord.  I prayed and prayed that it would go smooth and it did. 
good morning..and god bless everyone 
hey,  just had a presentation from a wonderful girl who is blind &lt;3 God bless her  Then had Drama.. AHH can my group learn to work?
long day ahead... cat to the vet, pick up son from school early, head to work, off to baseball - dealing with sad news - but God IS good 
Jesus... there's something about the name of Jesus... there's healing in the name of Jesus... there's peace in the name of Jesus 
@jimmyfallon good one!!  Wishin you a great friday! Hopin you are feeling better than you were yesterday! God bless!!
Wishin everyone a wonderful and blessed weekend!! Enjoy your friday!! God bless each of you and ur families 
god! I'm so organized I even surprise myself sometimes 
@SylviaWu probably on the beginning of june. Pray for me 
.@tylermassey YES! Also if I get one more person trying to quote me scripture when clearly that's not me, I'm going to choke. Amen 
went to Stoneys last night and had so much fun! Joy this is the going to be a great friendship! I love the way God works!!! 
But thank Goodness it's not so serious... 
Aww my buddy completed her McMission  glad. To know  Jesus loves her n is on her side!
and in keeping with my Alice-themed-morning, here's another one... http://tr.im/m6Gd .  it's a good morning.  
@FollowMe_RnBE &quot;Bless your heart!&quot; interprets I feel compassion for you, you poor thing. 
@mulletmonitor You're a saint. 
@TattooSafety Amen to that too 
@sara_pang Yahhhhh  Chiu ging. God is good.
i wanna eat ice cream... it's a sunny sunny Wednesday... God Bless to all! 
Heading to bed...its been a long but great day! Praying for God to do some big things in my life...one thing in specific. 
oh God... I can't believe it!!!!  THANK YOU!!!
@Peon12009 I hear U. God's goal is 2 GROW us in His righteousness BY His Grace. Jesus died 2 forgive our sin AND 2 free us from it. 
@RichardDParker I want to go with you!  Ha! I wish! Have a great time! God Bless You! 
@teamsoteria Good night and God Bless you too 
@KalynM do what i always to everyone who's having trouble with sleep... read Leviticus. it should put you out in no time flat. 
@BigDaddy777p But don't worry.  I'll pray to Jesus Christ the true savior for your soul.  
@RabbiShaiSpecht Well, God bless you for all of your work tonight!  ...
@faithgoddess7 as a wise man once said... Amen sister 
Listening to some Coldplay and getting ready to do some more studying...thank God I get to go seem them next week!!  
Oh snap! I gotta hater on twitter!! Hahahahaha! Awwww...Jesus still lovesz u sweetie  and I love u too! God bless u xoxo
My God's AWESOME. 
ok peeps.nighty night.say your prayers..prayers for fam,friends,and all the lost souls who need the Lord.smo0chuhzsmuasz 
@mileycyrus God Bless, Miley, i dont listen to what they say anyways. I only believe what you say directly.  Stay safe. Best wishes.
found one for qood this time! But i fina qo to bed! Pray and qo to sleep!  NIqht twitters!
Doctor prescribed more medicine im praying that God gives me the strength im thankful for my hubby hes so supportive hes my best friend 
If Christ dewell within you, you will always and forever have an everlasting smile from the inside to the out, God Bless 
@stephenkruiser NIght my friend! Sweet Dreams!  God Bless You!!
@dannygokey You are so amazing!   God is truly going to start a movement through your music and SHF!
@TheeCalling NIght my friend!! Sweet dreams!  God Bless You!
Doing devoz, God really knows how to comfort me. Wow. Have no fear!! 
@JasonsNetwork Yvw!  my friend! God Bless You!
Life is so crazy, i love it though  God is AWESOME.... ALLLLWAYSSS remember that!!
Don't feel like going to school...............but I have too! Thank God I start at 13:00 so I have to leave around 12:00  
@KyozoKicks Oh God. Don't make me buy more of your shoes! 
@mileycyrus For whoever wants to save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for me will save it. Luke 9:24 God bless u!! 
@cindyhugg Backup plans a, b, c and d - may God bless you for that tip!!! I hear ya! 
is Senior Class President!  &quot;Praise Him for His acts of power; praise Him for His surpassing greatness.&quot; Psalm 150:2
Getting ready to go pray 
Couldn't sleep..... Catchin up on Law N Order SVU.....Thank God for DVR baby 
@youngcardi i swear to GOD  -idnt believe in premarital sex .
@lesley_simpson Yessss ..... Praise God  .... Arghh my hairrrrr ... Why did I follow ur mistake with hair
@ArtisticAmelie Amen, sister-what a blessing!! 
Gonna treat myself today! God Bless Weeeekends! 
So pumped about the work I got done tonight! Praise God for the energy and passion on this project! 
is sore and tired from some late night basketball. Breakfast at 8 a.m...i'm sure the Lord will give me energy tomorrow 
@iamdiddy I am watching south park and Satan is trying to throw a party better than one of urs... They keep saying &quot;diddy did it&quot;...   
@AnoopDoggDesai People really love you that much Anoop!  God bless on your career. Hope you have a tour here in the Philippines
Prayin! Tuition increased cnt get n e more money out my skoo but i serve a God tht is Able!!!!! Goin to sleep wit a smile on my face 
Here is a funny video of 3accountants rapping about giving 10% tithe to God. Very funny...  http://bit.ly/UFfG9
closing my eyes now..laughed alot 2day..luv my twitt fam...God Bless u all...G-nite 
@demis a reader who is not directly related to me! Bless you again 
All Right kids...headed to bed..God's peace, anointing and blessings i pray for you all..goodnite 
will &amp; grace 
what he said  ~&gt; rt @MATT_369 ?? To all my new followers - thank you!! Feel free to &quot;tweet&quot; me anytime!! God Bless you! ??
Dear God.. thank you for everything... 
Bought new racquet for $145... wish this racquet will do the first half and God the rest 
@LaurenBosworth WOW your SO lucky, i would ki- well probably not kill but yeah, she is AMAZING &lt;3 hope you have a great time  God Bless.x
Yes! Jesus is giving me a high five! 
Praying does help  thank you GOD Herbie
@firefly24: Good luck and God bless!! 
Live your life &amp; cherish those that God puts in your path. Enjoy your destiny &amp; never let it become something that's stagnant &amp; boring. 
well everyone, it is that time to say goodnight, God Bless each and every one of you 
@ddlovato You're so pretty Demi, and you're so talented. Just wanted to let you know you're loved all the way in New Zealand. God Bless 
September 4th we open for Tye Tribbet...what non established artist do that lol oh yea....us  cnt help it it's God given right Mali lol
There has to be a law in Tampa that says 97% of the city has to have gorgeous women...God is Good.. 
longliveyourdog - thank god they don't have recalls 
is off to youth group to teach them about Jesus and mission - very excited! 
Going to sleep with her on my mind  God is Working his blessing already.... Im all Goode
is watching terminator salvation  http://plurk.com/p/wxy5s
@brewer righhhhht  Jesus can suck it. Buddha is my hero
I need Jesus... 
@Enamoredsoul  aww bless 
okay.. i'm done.. gdnite world  i loooooove you!! thank you God! Amen 
&quot;Jesus wept.&quot; Tears can be a wonderful way 2 show R kids love.  http://bit.ly/SYVrx
hath redeemed herself 
Tuhan bnr2 baek bgt dech buat kt ber 2. Ini si baby baru 8 weeks aja, Tuhan udh siapin benih berkatnya utk dia. Thank God! Awesome.. 
resting after &quot;shavuot&quot; dinner, the best holiday food, a celebration for the vegetarians, thank god for give us the &quot;Torah&quot;  &quot;hag shameha&quot;
@pizpix LOL yeah you are not  a robot hehehe Thank God humans still rules the world or it will be Terminator movie liao 
Goodnight Twitterland!! God Bless! 
- toothache subsiding, thank god for extra strength painkillers 
#PB: If I had a list of people who might come to visit me, your name will be at the bottom, somewhere below Jesus Christ and scooby doo 
@ChaseVS One of the best concerts I have ever been too! Prince was speaking the gospel. Amen  I should add u
The rain stopped. Thank God.  I hope the sun will shine tomorrow. Off to the beach in a few hours. 
@renelannte mousesports.com Holy Grail? Hm? 
@MissKeriBaby Pay attention to your dreams - God's angels often speak directly to our hearts when we are asleep.. 
