Most common words for this cluster:
[('going', 449), ('day', 51), ('today', 50), ('home', 37), ('school', 32), ('tomorrow', 30), ('night', 20), ('time', 20), ('work', 16), ('weekend', 15), ('week', 14), ('morning', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Going', 0.9978903532028198), (u'Coming', 0.6713048815727234), (u'Heading', 0.6597697138786316), (u'Moving', 0.650916337966919), (u'Looking', 0.5948607921600342), (u'go', 0.5368419885635376), (u'Pushing', 0.5221328735351562), (u'Walking', 0.5201118588447571), (u'going', 0.512484610080719), (u'Went', 0.5075488090515137)]





@kel_marshall tell me about it, had some mortgage quotes last sat. Going to be skint for the next 30 years. 
Up since 3:00. Going to be a looooong day. 
I posted my '91 Golf up for sale last night and I'm already getting a fair amount of interest! Going to be sad to see her go.. 
GEORGOUS day Pittsburgh! Going for a run then spending the day studying 
Grey morning is killing my happy buzz  I wish it were sunny. Going somewhere soon, not sure where though.
I have a cold  Going to relax on the couch and watch 300 (for the first time!) with Eric.
@JoeyDavidson I unfortunately traded mine in   Got $40 for it last month.  Going to rebuy it once it drops in price again.
I would have gone just that tomorrow i have school  I hate it. Going back to the boring old teachers!
@cupcakesfortwo no sorry  im too far away at the moment sorry But Lauren's Going
It's official, printers hate me   Going to sulk and make a cup of tea...
Is sitting in the sun working on his DISS! Going to be another all nighter 
Not such a good day.... Going to college 
What makes me hate getting up @ 7:30am for class EVEN more?? Going  to bed 4 hours before I have to get up 
@WizardCM Going to be going to school soon 
@DawnRichard Going 2 b &quot;hell no&quot; weather 4 2 more days 
@dashift Aw I will miss it  Going out with some friends tomorrow!
@FashionGuru Going to sleep, disappointed!! 
Bedtime finally! Going to wake up early and finish some last minute packing! Last night in this room for a long time... 
Omfg im a freaking RETARD. Going over liiines  I can't get them down to save my effing life
I'm excited about tonight!  Going to be a beautiful day too. I hate it that Ray has to sleep through it! 
My 1st day on TWiTTER! Going to kick back at home, cause its rainin here!! 
@cybie2k I agree! He's utterly fantastic. That Dominic impression - I'm wowed. Going to be sad once show's over  What do you think so far?
Finally home... Going to bed now 
Migraine  Going to bed.
tired and going to bed soon! Going to eat some chili first tho. I am sick and my appetite has been crappy all day! 
My email just so is not working   Going to tidy my scraproom later and check out all the awesome challenges on www.scrapinstyletv.com
is overtired, and her mind is running out of control. Going 2 b tough getting out of bed 2moro 
Crap! Going to be late for work. Overslept dreaming about WoW 
uggh. bored. missing my bestfriend sleepover.  At least the festival is 2daY! Going with gracie! XD
I am tired! Going to bed early today. I hate mondays 
haven't even started the grading I'd planned    I am so far behind it isn't funny. Going to bed now anyway.
Night night!! Going home tomorrow morning  but back on wednesday :p haha
@richardepryor doesn't sound good. Going through a bad time? 
My knee still hurts  Going to bed have 2 be up soon.. 2 days off and nothing to do w/ nobody to do with with.. AZ has made my life so lame
Exam time. Going offline for 20 Days!  Wish me luck!
@reland1 Double muah! Going to have to run tho - think I'm about to lose power and I hate sitting in the dark by myself. 
Still 45 minutes before my flight takes off... Going through my mails and stuff, I am really bored 
I miss you crystal. Going to a party then home finally but will miss my baby 
at mom's place. Going to spend mom's day with her...she's making me get up early  but it's her day so why not? can always nap later
I'm nauseous  all of a sudden  Going to bed.....
@tanaralandor I second that!!!! I'm wearing flats for a rest of the week! Going to get my hair done! I wanna sleep so bad!!!! 
Why do i feel so ill??  Going to lie down for a bit.
@livepath NZ -makes weekend visits a little difficult  Going for continued study or work? Grandparents &amp; you must all be proud.  Congrats!
Listening to etta James and billie holiday. Going to bed soon, I hope I can slep tonight 
@ home...missing Rahsaan's show. Going to bed since I can't go anywhere tonight 
Not doing so well  eff the flu! Going to bed =\
@ashleegaston best friend was in hospital last night cos he had a breakdown... n yeah. Just got out today. Going to see him tonight. 
Listening to popping fresh Prodigy songs for documentary, only if they where royalty free!  Going to have to write something myself! 
heading to sister's. Going to miss Chelsea match 
Todays my last full day in cuba. Going to miss this place!  the beach here is AMAZING! Wow
Long weekend. Not at all eager to finish packing. Finally hitting me that I'm moving. =[ Going to miss SO many people, so much.  &lt;/3
missed my train by 1 min  too much traffic. Going to be close now and time to waste on the platform.
I'm struggling now. :s Going to update AviationWorld.aero but I can see it taking a few days. 
Grrrr can't find my birth certificate and I need it! Going to have to order another copy which will take too long to come   
had a month to enjoy the life with my parent. Going to continue my study, taking diploma. No more Animax for me!! 
shit! don't have internet yet... maybe this week. Going to italy, barcelona and monaco next week!! yey! I miss my pc... 
Morning ... Going to court 
Bleh, knew when fell asleep at 8:30 this was not going to end well. Going to try to get back to sleep 
Stayed up way too late. Going to pay for this tomorrow 
It'sFriday!! Going 2 school now.... 
@queenmeemee thatgon be cool for the holiday. Going to the A? I gotta work this weekend  boooooo
wishes it would stop raining!! Going camping tomorrow and the only place forcast for rain is Anglesy!!!! Going to get wet 
Wow just up! That was a long lie. Going for a shower and breakfast then work at 3-10 
Watching katie and peter as i missed it last night. Going to be gutted when it's over  x
So tired already and my day only ends tomorrow five pm  Going to a bbq tonight and at midnight, partying with the co-workers.
Breakfast plans ruined  Going to make lunch with my sister instead.
I really messed up my back today drumming. Going in to check it out tomarrow. Wish me luck 
Just left the hotel. Going to ride a boat soon. I'll miss the beach. 
summer school started today. Going to class is easy, it's the homework that sucks. 
Walking to work on a gloriously sunny day. Going to be a good weekend in which I will burn as always even with suncream on  #fb
Today is my last day of employment for the next 3.4 years. Here I come graduate school!  Going to miss the action at www.shugartbates.com 
Ugh. Going to skool 
Fuck traffic. Going to be late! 
Tired. Going to take a nap. My finger hurts.  143
I hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  I overdid reading today, they're sore as fuck. Going to rest. -sigh-
Stuck on the 710 ... Going to my 2nd job ...  ... Why can't I find a good office job???
K, just finished my last 2 clients for the night. Going home alone  Thats ok I need to be alone, must find inner peace.
Ugh, it just turned into a Bad night.   Going to bed 
can't stand it any longer! Argh! Going home now! 
I feel like I've been writing the sixth page of this paper for 8 hours.  Why am I not duuuuuuuuuuunnnnnn?    Going to bed.  Over it.
only 3 more days of sunbathing  Going to get dressed to go to the swimming pool now 
@planetshhh i was! I am now revising. Going to be odd not waking up to danny wallace next week 
Just got home from shopping school supplies and stuffs for school. :| Acck. Going back to school, *not a good idea* 
rayjohnzJust got home from shopping school supplies and stuffs for school. :| Acck. Going back to school? *not a good idea* 
Just got home from shopping school supplies and stuffs for school. :| Acck. Going back to school? *not a good idea* 
Just got home from shopping school stuffs. :| Acck. Going back to school? *not a good idea* 
Lovely morning, sun is shining and kids are with their dad.  Going to see friend this aft, went to Weight watchers this am - bad news 
Sooooo nice out.... Going to work  !
When we fight, we seem to go all out. But when we're good, we're fantastic. Going shopping with him later. Right now, homework. 
Anyone know how I get an invitation code to #mixero?? Going round in circles, getting nowhere 
@Sonadora What a great day. Going to a friend's for dinner so I won't be around to watch the tweets for #ttl 
had a great breakfast (amazing how fast I get full anymore) and going to relax...feet are swollen bad  Going to party tonight!
Just researched new tires for my car. Going to be at least $500... 
Picking cherries, why are there so many of them? Going to be doing this a while 
so sleepy  Going out to dinner soon!
@elixabef with the rents, and I am the designated river.  Going home in an hour or so.
Hates drum programming!  Going to bed I think. Night all.
Yesterday I got hit and then today femaleness decided to show me just how much it hates me! Going to shower and then sulk 
Now I'm getting scared! This flu doesn't seem to be going away... yikes! Going to doctor right away! 
Feeling down :\ Going sleep, maybe tomorrow I see the things in other way 
Feeling kind of down :\ Going to sleep, maybe tomorrow I could see the things in another way 
In epic pain from my thumb.  Going to sleep now. G'night, y'all.
Still down in my back this morning. Going to have to skip golf till next week 
OK I've frogged them Going to go with my original plan of spinning up some handspun and trying that way. I haz a fail 
@bumblebee182 I've been sleeping since 4pm. I woke up cause I'm hungy. Going back to bed now. NO study done  Camp was good.
Lawns cut, cars cleaned, bbq soon but now to pack my sons case as he goes to France tomorrow with the school  Going to miss him sooo much
Couldn't sleep last night, I got about 3 hours total sleep.  I feel tired but can't sleep. Going 2 try working out. I hope i feel better.
Now tired and annoyed at the bus. Going to be late for work 
Allie's leaving  Going out for breakfast soon.
is wondering why everyone in her house is in a bad mood?! Going outside on the beautiful day...to study. 
So incredibly lost  Going on a tweet hiatus, nothing good will be coming out of my mouth today.
Doesn't want this to be the last day...  Going to play laser tag!
Okay, done with uploading. So wiped out now. Going home by bus now 
Costco didn't have any loose fitting jeans in 36/34 (my size).   Going to try the mall today or tomorrow.
R.I.P Chewie, one of the bestest pets I ever had. Going to miss your tiny ikkle mouse paws and crazy antics 
I'm broke cuz she got all she wanted! Going hoe finally!   AMR 
not so good to go with cola in your hands while you drink it, in the dark. . Going straight into the door.. AUV!!!!  but nighty night &lt;3&lt;3
is bummed the weekend is over, still have some work to do from last week    Going camping &amp; riding next weekend!
Heading to havasu to start filming fo two weeks. Getting paid to party awww lifes rough sometimes. Going to miss my 2 loves though 
Missing my lover already, wish he was here  Going to sleep now I guess.
Its my offday. Going to The Gardens for @edlynch's farewell hi-tea w/ our lady boss. She's leaving tom for china, gonna miss her. 
bwah. Managed to get through all the episodes and I am current! Going to bed. I hate working overnights 
says good morning, I have a sick child at home, but I'm at work.    Going home to see her asap http://plurk.com/p/xmduc
Macaroni was a bit like custard, but tasted good anyway .  Going to the gym, then to work 
Another day at work. Going to the orthodontist today. Popped a bracket already 
I got sunburned today!  Going out to eat soon!!  with my family &lt;33 xoxo
My internets still down.  Going to school in a little bit.
@infovestment  I am still waiting for my invite. Going to take a lot of catching up. lol
realisation has kicked in. Going onto Sky Sports.com - football - preimer leauge and not finding newcastle there 
http://twitpic.com/6f5m6 - my brother in Thailand. Going to miss him, going for a whole year without his smiling face. 
@Fitzchev just arrived as well! Going to bed, work tomorrow 
..at the airport. Going back to Laredo. 
Just after midnight, can't sleep? I don't know why?  Going to read my book, may it will help.
We just leave gabolito at his other home... I all ready miss him  ... Going to eat icescream ;D...
@queensandradee lol.. How bizarre. We keep getting mixed patterns. Going cold by end of week. 
is finally home from the hospital. Going to rest. Blessings 
*foot hurts* hurt it at gym  baseball, while I was running, nothing major though. Going to go watch Spongebob! (he's awesome and u know it
I haven't worked out in two weeks  Going for a run, gotta get back on track, the vacation is over !
Says boo  to all the ppl who sold me out at the last minute. Going to jazid by my lonesome.Girls i love you but you f....... Suck :-p lol!
People are the worst. I hate humans. Except sanjaya. He just rocked every challenge. Going to sleep 
home finally went to dance strait from a 5 hour car ride. wow that was interesting... Going to bed, still havent started french isu. 
how do u trust people anymore. fuck man!  and now its way more awkward than i ever thought it would be. Going to sleep. Focker out! :/
Ugh bronchitis is horrible!!! Going to bed 
@charlieleroo Strange  Going to get a bit of getting use to i think!! But i like it...
I'm sitting outside enjoying the weather but keeping well in the shade. I'm peeling and its sore  Going to rub slices of cucumber on it.
Ughh! Going to be in nj this weekend and gotta diet till then so I look ok in my bathing suit. goodbye coolatas !  
I am sick  no time for a cold runny nose watery eyes sore throat ughhhhh!  Going to look at a building to open up a store soon! 8)
@leighannirvine Almost 250.. 8 kids and 1 baby  Going to France..
I feel worse than yesterday. Sore throat, then I got this bad cold!  Going to bed before this gets worse.
One car accident, an arrest and a broken nose...why? Going to work while I should be with Lucas 
Oh dear. Going to savannah, ga for the day. I hope i don't get chased by a hobo again 
So depressed. It seems my computer isn't strong enough to play @TheSims3  Going to cry now in my cheese grits.
@BalloonParadise not yet, I noticed that it was missing this morning on my way to work.   Going to scour the house when I get home.
@JonathanRKnight Are you still sleeping? Going to Donnie's after party tonight? I want to but by the time I get there it will be all over 
English was pretty easy. Going to chipotle with raymond if any one wants to come..then math  but it should be easy too..but tedious.
I haven't sketched in forever....so bad.  Going to try and set aside time this weekend.  It will be raining anyways 
@dressjunkie nope its a memory card, It seems to be the case that I've got what I paid for :/ Going to return it tomorrow 
Getting ready to wrap up day 1 of shooting! Going well, but dreading having to wake up right after I go to sleep tonight 
I took a 3 1/2 hr nap..so not good. Going to be up late now 
back from the Ball, tired but happy. Going to miss everyone so much though 
I'm outta here, Tweeps. Going home sick. 
I didn't know Jay-Z song is out yet  . Going to listen to it now
I am unfollowing you until I get my #FullService on wednesday, spoilers make me sad  Going back to work, tweet ya layta!
@theebayk1d Going to try it to work tomorrow. It didn't play well with my \/P|\|... 
I wish i wasn't so lame... Going home on a friday 
@erkpod Yup. Going to be another busy week though. 
@Robbiefowler Going on Tues? I can't make it 
Not feeling well. Just out of bed. Going to miss 3dcamp. 
@SteveReich Gutted! Going to be missing out on the competition, because I am away next week on a field trip without internet access 
I recommend going to see The Hangover! hilarious.  Going to work until 430ish 
I really really want to go back to sleep.  Going tubing in Helen with my mommy though.
I hate being woke up at 8 in the morning for no reason! Grr. . . . . Going back to bed dont wake me  *jaimiereneelynn*
I feel sore  Going to take a hot shower!
Sending hubby back to Dallas today. Going to be a long five weeks without him. 
Math written mock exam on monday  Going home to my boyfriend afterwards &lt;3
My phone battery is below 20%. Going into power saving mode. 
I eat rice with my kfc chicken.....WTF who doesn't! Feels fat....  but never will be. Going to work. Lol gunna sing with queenie all shift
Feeling really chilly at home - very different compared to this time last week!  Going to turn up the heating as my toes are frozen 
Ugh no tickets left at the roots picnic. Going home 
@westham999   they lost    am depressed now. Going to bed.
I'm cold   Going to play some WoW.
So grateful for @TheHighwayGirl and @iambrowndog / @TheHighwayGirl !!  Going to miss them both 
No sun!! No pool!! No tan!!  gota go to the studio early today! I got that booom boom pow!! Lol! Going live instantly tune in! Cardiland!
Bad, Really bad day........  Going to read then sleep, hope tomorrow is a better day... 
@torie007 We missed you!  Going to have to figure out another one to go to.
Late night working on web site makeover. Going to take weeks 
, Ughhhhh! Going to bed. I'm so stupid sometimes. 
@MandyGM yeah, its quite swollen this morning  Going to Jaco Ferrrera on tuesday, will hear what he says, he might have some advice.
Aint feeling to good this morning  Going to church tho been a while!!
I have beat the house today! Won blackjack! Going &quot;home&quot; now. Tommorrow is pool time w/hubby b4 he leaves. 
I feel gross  Going to watch one tree hill in bed.
I looove brunettes, but I've never photographed one but me  Going to search for one when my exams are over.
Boreeed  Going to school tomorrow.
Sinus infection.  Going back to bed. 
Ughhhh I feel like crap.  Going to get some movies to rent.
just woke up  Going out to cut la grass before it la rains.
@ChiefPWNZjoo Going to the stupid posy parade. 
I'm hungry.  Going to a crash course thing for driver's ed at 1....be back after 5!
@immortalisxamor Hey hun! Going to the beach? It's cold here! 
What a beautiful day. Going to see my friend that is moving back to Atlanta 
Still driving.... Ahhh! Going crazy! ....... And my tummy hurts... 
UP was the most depressing cartoon I've ever seen. Going to cut my wrists when I get home with @IRockHisName282. 
@InfamousChris You suck! Going to the zoo without me!!! 
Working on research after 3-week hiatus. Going is slow, but it's hard to tell if that's because of time off, congestion, or both. 
on my way back to sydney I should just live here. Going to the aquarium with Jay I feel sick 
What the fuck happened tonight? Going to bed feeling very depressing. 
yes, wrong but very satisfying. google chat is down  Going out to weed now. mwa xoxoxoxo
At work without my laptop. Going to be a long night without 3 hours of mahjong.  Sadddface.
is ill and spent all last night coughing. Going to be shattered today. 
Morning. Going to Windermere today. Last day on holiday.  great time though.. But feeling fat!!
Morning. Going to school now 
So tired. Going to bed but have to be up at noon thirty, thats only ten hours  not a lot of time
@jemimakiss stuck in mental traffic with york way being closed of by police. Going to be 10mins late 
@DomZy I'm not looking forward to moving out of my house. Going to be a nightmare 
Okay, so I lied. Going to the gym today and seeing abt some new jobs. I miss him... 
@NYCtransplant17 poor thing! I'm sorry   Going to the nintendo store will make it all better!!!!
Finally a good/better night's sleep tonight vs. last night's NONE. Going to miss my Aussie friends, why does it all seem perfect now? 
@iantheeggchaser no they still haven't called back, they won't offer anything if we ring them! Going to miss the golf this weekend too! 
Finished my English short story. Kind of bored. Going to practice piano now 
Meeting fail, nothing resolved. Going to be a rough week 
Too damn hot in the flat even with the windows open been awake since 3.30 am  Going for a walk
I go sleep now...at least imma try to. Going to sleep hungry sucks! I hope my legs still work tomorrow 
I don't have any more fight left in me.  Going to sleep.
Finished the movie. Going to bed now 
Got the (non-swine, I hope) flu.  Going home.
Working..Going to the gym right now..and tonight a course.. 
Last day at school:S Going to miss my clasmates 
Last day at school:S Going to miss my classmates 
might not be on again tonight, going town at 4, Going on drums for a bit at 6, revision.  Sorryyyyyyyy &lt;3
I'm sick  my voice is totally gone. Going to the office anyways bc I have tons of files on my desk :\
Sammy's paw has gotten worse  Going to the vet's 2morrow if the swelling doesn't go down... *clings*
Eating at jacks bbq. It was delicious! Going to the airport soon  we have a show at hot topic in cali when were back
the jonas brother new album is out YAY !!!!! Going to get it who's withe me...okay I'm alone  for this so sad, shame to the jb fan club 
heading back to the gym after two weeks off.  Going to be painful 
Being sick is really getting to me. Going to bed now. 
Ugh.. Going to play the u18 girls in the effin rain! 
Not feeling to good..Going StuDy SomethIng I HaTe Doing 
Tired... Going to sleep, no #iPhone 3.0 tonight. 
Godddddddddddd, rain  Going to see the hangover tonight, yes!!
Cable just died.   Going afk for my own version of Kiampong.
@Ang3l it's a wet and windy day. There's nothing to do  Going to lush for a bar of shampoo though (gay woot!).
hungoverz!  but last night was awesome! Going for lunch with dad in a bit then prom tonight!
Still fuming  Going for a run to quell festering anger and rid head of ache...
@lizzclare Right I'm taking a leaf out of your book! Going to start writing down what I eat! Chubbing out when I'm supposed to be losing 
Getting ready for this appointment. Going back to sleep when I get home. The update will be at 3pm 
I just woke up. Going to work 11-9:30 today. Yay 
Procrastinating the inevitable... Going to international mall 
Car stopped accelerating. Going home via tow truck 
Computer is definitly not fixed. Going back in today. 
This years seal sslaughtering is over. At school.  Going to work directly after.&lt;3HopeHollywood
Finally watched the last episode of Pushing Daisies ever, this morning! Going to miss that show! 
@RoseOfTexan i appreciate the ones i dont have to make.  Going to have to design a process for tracking vuln remediation soon 
Ugh. Going into the lab. No cell phones allowed 
Tired of studying. Going to stop now, although i didn't remember a thing I've learned today.  but I just can't take it anymore. :s
It's about to rain  Going to the gym
It was so hot at the lakers parade... My chest got sun burned bad  Going to take a nap...zzzzzzzz
Rough day today. Going to take a night off of work and work on some personal projects and snuggle up with a movie and hubby 
says Going to start my work  http://plurk.com/p/11sarj
@HollyWhiting yep and Going to the airport made me wana go away so bad 
Feeling worse then yesterday. Not going to work. Going back to sleep. 
This place is so confusing. Going around the world to get to 95. And I gotta peeee  I wasn't about to go at my clients house :/
My cat Popoki is sick. Took her to the vet Tues night, virus, not doing well, it's distressing. Anitbiotics. Going back to vet today. 
I'm tired out. Going to sleep now. Blegh  school tomorrow. Rly can't wait till weekend.
I woke up this morning, and my whole face was swelling!!! Going to the doctor to have this looked at. 
@lollipopdaisy The fringe is doing my head in atm, it's too long!  Going to get it all cut soon, and thank you muchly! =D xx
Oh man i missed tmz  Going to go read vibes.
It's chesney and Bianca here on the bus we had maccas yews and there was hot guy there can life get any better? Going back 2 school  bye x
It's 5am. Eyes open, 4 hours of sleep... Jesus... Going for a shower... 
@ReaFaceToFace Oh man  Going away this weekend. Next time, I guess.
back to reality again. I'm in the office. Going back to work 
I GOT THE FORM! Going to school now... 
My vagina needs to be touched so bad! Going to sleep 
Morning, fathers day assembly at pre-school today.  Going to be very cute, but won't see it as I'm not daddy 
@dovevadar copy and paste is very helpful. Apart from that it looks the same. Going to try voice memo later. I want the compass 
Just finished work. Going shopping 
says Feeling really down today   Going to do some house work (gym) http://plurk.com/p/124qrk
Leaving Cleveland. Going home today to a husband who thought I had left him. Should be interesting. 
So sick...but, going to work anyway because I really do love my job. Going to miss it when it's over 
Finally ! External exams have been wrapped up nicely  ! w00t !! Now vivas  Going home after 15 days .
I waish the sun would come out  Going tanning, then attempting to find a new Job.
Now i want a chicken chow mein, and some vodka lime and lemonade. Going to the pub would be quite nice too,but that ain't going to happen 
@trent_reznor I'm not looking forward to that. Going to Leeds festival, uk. And the loo's stunk by the end of the first day 
Having way too many issues with my macbook pro. and its been 4 days since i got it.  Going to the store tomorrow.
@iFusion15 OMFG! U Going to 789?! idk if im going  how are we gonna meet now? im sad |
Is STILL sick!  Going to go take a nap. Ahh....to lay my head down! 
Got to camp 20 minutes ago, ate, now I'm soundchecking. Going solo tonight 
I love sunset beach the party is amazing!. Going to miss my girls when i move to Mo-Valley 
@Sparky___ I didn't get the new phone, but patrick did. At&amp;t somehow screwed up. Going to try tomorrow to fix the problem 
The sky here is black as a dogs guts! Going to be a shite cold night! 
@Dripps Not yet. Went to apple store at 6pm yesterday but it was too crowded  Going again today. Still debating on color, 32gb for sure.
Suppose to rain.  Going home early.  
Bleh. Going to stuff alone makes me anxious.  This better be fun. I'd hate to drive two and a half hours just to be awkward.
Email problems on the outbound.    Going to have a mango for lunch in the interim.
it's still light out at midnight!!! Crazy! Going to bed, jetlagg sucks!! 
is ready to sleep. T'as been a long day. Going home tomorrow too 
Thanks for not calling me for 3 days! Hmph!  Going to waikele with my ma.
Way beyond the point of exhausted. Going to work some more... 
Going 2 bed. Going home 2morw. So sad 
ooook - this is the 3rd prezi file i have started...its khacked. Never had these issues before. Going to have 2 say bye 2 that idea 
I'm freeeezing! Going back to bed now, I couldn't fall back to sleep since Brandon left almost an hour ago &amp; I miss him already 
Just can't think anymore. Going to bed. Exam is at 11am. 
is not impressed by the rain! It's thrashing it down so much it's stupidly noisey and i can't sleep  Going to watch it and have a smoke...
@avasamone You know what I find worse than having kids and not supporting them.... Going thru so many women u don't know you have them. 
Migraine all day  Going back to bed...
well...they had a swim team practice so we had to leave early  Going to K &amp; W (I feel like an old person lol) with mom in a bit.
Hanging out, Going to summer school tommorow to make up some of the work i didnt do in my school. 
too cloudy  Bad lighting  ...Going out to eat with my clan.
I feel really lousy. Going to Proctor 1st care. 
I seem to have been attacked a lot and lost lots of cash.   (Spymaster) Going to work soon.
I hate to be called, fatty.  Going on diet soon, tml.
Voice is Going 
@rawrjackie No sadly No   im Going effin KARAZYYY!
No, no. Quite painful. Going to take the day off work 
About to go to bed in a lil I have to go to work at 10:30 and get off at 7. Going to miss the NBA draft 
@qormi101 No I've just woken up and showered. Going to grab lunch, petrol, pack then bye bye Nottingham. 
@EmilyJDuncan Going to a wedding in the 'boro 
Finally left the office. Going to the gym to work off all the snacks I had today 
People are talking bad about the movie Transformers  I guess ill be the judge of that. Going to see it this morning....
Got a parking ticket yesterday   The roof is being fixed. A neighbor called in and complained. Going to try to get out of it later today.
Going out in the sun now! But working. Going to miss Wimbledon 
@nazzie86 No didn't get a chace to watch TF  Going to hit an I-max this weekend with any luck! I need it in my life soooooo bad lol ;)
it's friday !! And i just got on the bus .. Going to work later today again 
Feeling very very sick... Going back to the doctor so they can check if I have mono... 
Last session.... It's sad  ... Going to be back home in 2 days
Really tired. Going to prepare for bed. G'night! 
home time! Two days to go  Going to walk the puppies if I can be bothered...
@rosiesd So far, you are quite honorable.  Funny how that works, right?! ; ) and yes, I've been having a great night. Going to continue...
what were your favourite songs from the 1990's?  Going through a nostalgic phase 
Planning to renovate small bathroom. leaning towards &quot;subway&quot; style tiles on the tub surround (white) Going for the 1930's look 
Fuck it, I can't sleep! Going shopping today 
just bought latest edition of OXM. Going to give that a good on my lunch break. 
@louisabouwer Going to the airport just now 
Is heading back to Halifax for some lunch. Going to a really nice Italian 
W00t!  Really productive today. Going 2 release a new program soon!  
@Tabz I can't wait either, lol! Going to start rewatching the series to get his style in my head. And also just for fun. 
Picked up my new mountain bike, got my ass kicked by a small ride.. Going to take a while to get back into riding shape 
The day's almost over. Yay! Going outt..! 
@AndyLeigh You have an photography estimate in your inbox. Going to pack my @acmeBaby photo / overnight / snack bag. 
Likes tweeting...likes that I can tweet and update my facebook all in the same breath.  Going to bed..goodnight.
Just downloaded so much music. I officially have no memory left on my computer...but it was so worth it. Going to sleep now 
is finishing her final paper on tues. Going to shop for things and move on to the next phase of life 
Earliest tweet ever. Going to stockon for a race 
It's a new day. And it WILL be a good one. I'm determined. Going to church and then hanging out with Blaine 
counting down: approx 13hrs to start of first paper. Usher and svc were greattt! Going to sleep soon. Slp is more impt than keep mugging. 
Getting all ready! Going to lunch with my best friends family today 
It's a beautiful day here in Sedona. Going out to play now 
Ergh, I'm so tired! Going out in a min 
Over at Rachel's house... Going to babysit and then off to the egg hunt... 
I love being in good company. Makes me feel all kinds of good inside. Going to bed a happy camper. Night 
@Wenchy Thats where I went  - Clicks  Also got some vitamins which were k8k expensive! Going to attempt the bday cake on wednesday!
Feeeeel nauseous =/ Going to start homework now, then a piano session 
researching all things Colorado  Going to bed soon so I can have a productive day tomorrow!
Writing a video game script blind is fun...then again, I have full creative license!   Going to take a lot of tweaking though...
Going... Going... Gone! 
Out. Going to buy a smoothie 
is so glad the graduation party is over and went well! Going to bed then off to see my cousin off to prom 
Press conference over. Going to technopark for the first time, with @kenneyjacob @theanand and @benjacob... 
Morninggg. Going to Reading today! 
Is out and about  Going to...........
Morning!!! Going to get ready and go to the market  Then a full day of revision is ahead of me-oh joy!
An old friend is in town! Going to meet him! 
Working around the house and yard.  Going to buy flowers in a little while. It is spring in Wisconsin! 
Its nice out!!! Going to brunch now! 
meeting went great but no power left to hit the gym. Going for some beers with the dudsons instead! 
I woke up so refreshed today!  So ready to start my day. Going down to breakfast now... mmmmm
YAY. Going out later... 
Wow 11 hours sleep and i'm still tired haha. Going to get food 
In such a mood for the cinema. Going later  mmmm popcorn x
My new shower is amazing! Going back to the old house for a second then swap meet with jord and anna 
@TessMorris fine! Going to do my big walk today 20 or so miles 
@petabridges I do my humble best  Going on a works paintball day soon so that should fuel a few strips, no doubt 
Sneaking out. Going to work for a friend 
@JofArnold  Going to try it now and report on the results 
Oh oh! Going shopping with my best friend today! Yaay! Going to be so much fun  Need to get alot of new clothes..
Exam 1 today. Going to get my license renewed  The birthday is getting closer!
Less than 24 hrs until GRADUATION!!! Going out tonight to celebrate 
got a lot of shopping done today...really excited bout my new travel journal! Going to go to sleep watching a movie with my cousins 
What a fantastic full-on weekend!  Going to finish on a high, with a cheeky chilli thai fried rice &amp; a few glasses of red 
In shower and getting ready after I come out!  Going Christening!
@_anh Hmm, tasty!  Going to have curry rice with peas probably. ;)
Loads of little jobs to do today.  Going to be playing walking themed music today from BrickMan 
Going to take it quite easy today actually. Yesterday was great but it took a lot of energy out of me. Going out for some pirating later. 
Workinggggggggg....Going out to dinner with the family. 
Brunch at the Wynn was soooo bomb. Going up to the room. Going for a pool day!!!!!  happy mothers day ladies. You are so special!!!
Long day at work but its silly how the thought of 30 min of my morning can make it all better  Going to bed tired but happy 
doing a little old othing. Going to bed fresh and clean ...my day starts late tomorrow 
Today was a happy day.  Going to have a friend @flamingcatnip cut my hair tomorrow.  
Heading to bed. Going up to Erie for a while tomorrow to check out the new apartment and move stuff in 
Yay seth is home  got to spend some time with him tonight. Going to bed now.  http://myloc.me/QOD
Reading. Going to bed  Heil myself.
@shurlybee Layhawke is amazing.Going to see her tomorrow at QMU - so excited  I have listened to her album to death.Every song brilliant
is attempting to do her music essay... damn zoe at least knows what she is doing! Going to see Prey in half hour!!! 
@Apocalice It was great.  Going the other way around tomorrow.
Just woke up. Going to art today. Last Class!!! 
Anyone want to meet me down there?  Going with friends but feel like a third wheel. LOL
Everyone is fed, 2nd load of washing in! Going to try get the next section done before heading to JHB for a party 
My profile looks so sad with out &quot;cicm intern&quot; all over it. Going to miss my internship, but I still get to write guest posts 
Just left tavern in pacific beach. Going to the hotel 
just got back from diving pool session. Exhausted... Going to catch 40 winks. Or more. 
Wow this weather is tempermental. Going to draw for a bit 
has put on a DRESS today! Going out in the lovely weather soon, to celebrate the constitution day and listen to bagpipes 
Circus day!  Going to refrain from running away with them. I don't know Russian, so it might be kinda awkward.
Next running lap 4 dimensional!~ Going for 21 days fast! 
Morning! Going off hunting and i'll be back soon. 
I'm not off actually. Cbf to walk up the stairs so going to pass out on the couch. TWEET MEEEE  Going to be fucked for exams tomorrow 
Making a new myspace. It's looking baaad ass  Going to put our own production on it too!
Just go off a rollar coaster! Going again! 
@MathiasOlofsson Going to white castle? 
I've decided I love my curly hair! I take great pics with it!  Really really bored! Going to text him..I wonder...
Last day before I have to return to the hell that is the weekday. Going to make the best of the time I have left. 
Part till ya pass out drink till you're dead. Going to the hot pots again  but this time...we're wastedd
@stefanitoo Thanks! Some of the guys on here were really uncool! Going to lock my account after I find my old favorites, like you! 
Oh yeah... no school tomorrow! Going to the cittaayyy!! 
@dstack30 Yay!!!! Going to watch it for the first time in ages 
@oolamoola I like that! Going to do that with my daughter - she'll love it. Thanks! 
On my break. Going to head to the mall to get holiday clothes for my egypt trip 
Home from the most boring place on earth  Going to do my homework, that only that exists because of school btw...
At CHI&amp;Partners. Going well, I'm enjoying it. 
@Larkn0298 My agenda for the day is...Going back 2 bed, then getting a massage, and picking up a godiva chocolate from somewhere 4 my son 
Is likin this morning! Going really well. 
@koriannespeaks Threadless is definitely awesome! Going to do some more exploring around there 
SS501 fanmeet in HK. Going just for fun  awesomeness!!!
@A_sourgirl I'm good! Going home in a few minutes! How are you? 
@blckbettyboop Merning sis  Going to @brittanybosco video premiere tomorrow?
At shark club. Hella wack!!! Going to leave soon and get 110octane for the new software. Anyone wanna run tonight? 
Back from a very refreshing walk on the beach... Going to look at ovens for the new apt now 
Soon leaving for &quot;Karlskoga&quot;. Going to visit some Finnish relatives 
A monkey could do my job. Going to build a fort again later 
I've now officially finished uni :O.  Going home til Wed now 
Morning! Going to do some shopping today! 
Looking forward to next week holiday.Going to Birmingham Monestry.     
Last day of work before a long weekend   Going camping in Streetsboro with extended family 
@Schofe Ahh so many fond memories of Going Live! 
just woke up  such a good lie in! Going to watch the da Vinci code in a minute - really shouldve watched it by now...
It is SO beautiful outside! Going to the park with some people. 
Just left the house. Going to my kuyas graduation at usf . Sooo proud  haha
Goodmorning!! Going home today 
@AndreeaBerghea Croatia is my favourite. Going there yearly for the past 3 years. Going again this summer 
So tired... ha! Going to workout, then work!  #fb
Staying off chat in an attempt to get more sleep. Going to sleep... now! 
I love @meggx33. She's such a good friend! Going to sleep. LAST SPEECH TOMORROW, please say a quick prayer if you can. Goodnight 
Such a lovely day again today. I hope it stays like this for the long weekend. Going to try and get stuff done eary so I can enjoy it 
Morning!  Going out with the girlies today!
Up and about. Going by my old school today. The 9th graders have to make a show today, and my friends brother is in it 
Only a week till The Sims 3 comes out!!! Going to buy a new laptop to run it smoothly 
@Booooothman I will survive neil!!! Going well so far!!!!!!  x
