Most common words for this cluster:
[('goin', 177), ('home', 18), ('night', 13), ('day', 12), ('work', 7), ('w', 7), ('movie', 6), ('n', 6), ('im', 6), ('got', 5), ('tomorrow', 5), ('tonight', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Goin', 0.9956300258636475), (u'Stayin', 0.5271154046058655), (u'Gettin', 0.5211637616157532), (u'Thangs', 0.5101548433303833), (u'Doggin', 0.5036394596099854), (u'Wanna_Go', 0.5020236372947693), (u'Gettin_Down', 0.5014170408248901), (u'Whatcha_Gonna_Do', 0.4996982216835022), (u'Seein', 0.49926382303237915), (u'Knock_Yourself', 0.49893245100975037)]





Paper is done! Goin to workout with anne for a bit. Text!  feel better jude 
im up. Last day, sad sad  Goin for a breakfast now!
Goin to ancol 
Goin back home tomorrow  i love it away from home..just to get mom's company...ima b back manana. good nite my TWEEThead$
Goin out with my girls before I devote my weekend to studying! 
Goin to bed. I should've been 2 hrs ago, but I got into an argument w/ some dumb girl who called me a stalker just cause I like Chris. 
Goin 2 sleep nw. I hve skwl 2mrw  I &lt;3 my iPhone app called esleep I put on a timer 4 1h it jus mkes da sounds I wnt e.g peaceful rain.
Goin home 
Goin to bed sad... 
Goin to the mall by myself cause I'll my friends think its funny to leave me..  sad
Goin to wloo 
Goin ta bed dont care how early its is 
Goin to bed.. Had a loooong day! So not lookin forward to the work week. Or Kenna's shots tomorrow afternoon. 
Goin home and hittin my bed my throat is killin me 
Goin to bed. I need to sleep off this piglet flu so i can get up for work in 7 hours 
Goin out for Bianca's bday. I wish hubby wasn't working tonight  ladies night
I feel like shit. Goin 2 sleep very soon 
Goin 2 the vet....  to take the dog....R.I.P NONO
Goin to work.. Got a lot of homework to finish tonight 
Goin to bed, not feelin too good 
I gotta wake up early to fix the report card rincon messed up. Goin to school during summer sucks 
Goin 2 eat some SMACKS 4 breakfast then getting started on my day- catch ya on the flipside- I really wish I cud go mobile-dang Bahrain 
Goin to the mall and gonna see the movie ghost of gfs past i hope its good and top it all im goin alone  but ilook cute and feel good ^^
Goin to work.... 
Done! Goin home to eat dindin and contemplate what the night holds for me 
Hot 4rm bein in the sun 4 hekka long... Goin 2 watch &quot;stomp&quot; w my mother, a.kim &amp; p.k. I need a jak n da box tea!   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
Oh help me! Driving in my friends car. Shes not 2 good of a driver! She even admited it!!   She almost killed us last nite! Goin2 Triple A
Goin to wloo w my dad work 2mar 2-7 
Brb train. Goin home  rlly wanted to go to them cookouts.
Goin through X360 withdrawal...I just put her in the box to be fixed 
100 degree fever.... Goin down. Wana die right now 
Goin 2the movies w/Nessa...its a scary movie 
Goin to wolly world today...if we can make it there. Apparently our cadilac converter is going out and it cost 350 to change it. 
Goin' for a detox run...this should be fun. 
Forgot my pain medicine last night. Goin thru withdrawal already....I hate this. 
Goin to MOA to not spend money 
Goin to visit mommom n poppop...my poppop has to get surgery 
Goin home nothin to do no basketball tonight still sick 
Goin home to finish cleaning!! 
Goin 2 bed. Got a lot on mind, sooooooo frustrated with my life right now 
Goin to the gym   i hate it lol.  Gotta keep these curves under control hehe
I hate my life... Goin to sleep to dream of a new one 
Goin to bed so i don't have to think anymore  so tired of not knowin what im supposed to do with my life and who i'm supposed to be with
Goin to college to finish my course work 
Thinkin about life. Work is pissin me off. Goin to eat. . Missin someone 
Goin to see my other mama Chrissy in the hospital.  Not cool.
Goin to the orthodontist 
I'm tryna stay focused on the ultimate goal here...ima need a lot of support. Goin from boyish to girlish is a big change. 
Goin to retrieve our towed car  . . . not my fault
Goin on the log ride. Doesnt want this day to end. To bad it has too 
Goin on block leave next week!! the Iraq....   oh got my smallpox shot...pain
Goin to a bbq , but it wont b mch of one with this rain 
Goin to work.... 
Goin home....  back to no beach just hot weather basketball practice and my mean ol coach... ydig 
Goin to twerk  don't feel good tho
Goin to the dentist 
Got to see aaron last nite. now he's on his way to Florida.  Goin to work
Goin back home 2morrow. 
I feel terrible    Goin to sleep and hope it passes...
Goin to sleep way too late the time is 4.15 n iv gta b up at 8.30 bad times 
Goin to bed...Gota be at work at 6am  goodnite y'all!
I can't breathe out of my nose!!!  ugh! Goin to bed! Nite tweeps!
Goin to sleep finally arghh exhausted I guess 
Smh. Always something. Goin home. Not feelin well. 
Just finished eatin crawfish..yumm!  Bt sadly my throat hurts  Goin to bed early...weightlifting in the morning...noT fun 
Goin to bed now...soooo very tired 
Goin home im tired and i have tonssssss of homework 
Goin to class. 
Goin to lie down. Stomach's really sore now 
Goin to go get my tranny looked at  gotta be done by friday, otherwise the wheeler is gettin strapped to the top of the cavalier :s
Goin to the doctorrrrr 
Goin to the allergy doctor w mama to see what's wrong with me 
Goin to try and sleep had my pain killers fingers crossed it works tonight back at the dentist tomoro 
Why does love always feel like a battlefield?  Goin gettin some water + ice. then washing my hands. got all ink on them from fountain pen 
Goin through basketball &amp; KOBE withdrawal   http://myloc.me/3Ycz
Goin to support my team at our game...wish I could play 
Goin to bed sucks... That 70s show sucks... Nights suck.... All because i'm not with him  can't wait to graduate and move back home!
Goin o school in a few  I'm sooo tired!!
Goin to bed...work tom. 
yeeaah! Goin to work 
Goin' to see my dentist  Nooo  I am scared ! :/
Goin to court w/ my brother and mom...... 
@delicioustack Tell me about. Goin bck to Kch soon and i have 2 huge luggage of shoes and bags and one ginormous ones for clothes 
Goin to water world im not going to have my phone all day 
Goin to take a nap... dont feel good 
Goin tew lock up for five days tomarrow morning i love you Ambrosia. 
Goin for a run to give my mind some rest...tired of this confusion n feelings that arent sposed to b there 
Goin back to prairieville 
Goin 2 bed! Hurt my back! Not sure how! Cant hardly walk!   it sucks!
Goin to school. Too late like every fuckin day 
Goin to work...don't feel good 
Goin out 2 get my hair done needs a good cut haha my body still killing i carn't even laugh cos it's hurts 
Goin 2 the dentist 
Goin to see lisa lapaneli and got a free ticket...but not sure i can go 
Goin to sleep kinda sad  smh at some people
Goin to bed..workin at 3 in the morning is gonna come early--hopefully jason won't come visit me  lol night night
Goin to bed, night @GennaGirl, @AuntGulia, and @TigerGoesRoar...even though she was mean to me. 
Goin home. Phones dieng didn't tlk to my babe 
Goin back to work 
Goin to tweet off eyes all swollen and itchy 
Goin to Fresno  never here on the weekends no more.. Lockkk down!  have fun though we shud go out on a weekday or sumthing! @stinababyy
@Goin__baby well i work with people with physical and mental problems under the state of TN and i don't think they would  like it 
Goin to bed 
Goin to drop my grandma off at the airport.. Shes leavin me for a week   but im happy for her
Goin back home today... 
Goin to see my car that some kid stole n totalled  scared to know wut it looks like ~*Allie*~
Goin to the gym 
Goin to watch my sisters keep the mara with my friends heard its really say 
Goin into the lincon tunnel bye nyc hello jersey/upstate ny  &lt;Fob is my life&lt;3&gt;
Shoutout to my favorite flip flops from urban. Goin three years...this year may be their last run. *sad* 
Goin to work 
Goin to the hospital need stiches!!!! 
Goin home.. 
letting ALL worries go! Goin to Jacks for Kevins going away 
Goin see dane cook tonight!! I'm soooo excited! But sad becca's not coming! 
Goin to my moms cemetary later for a picnic with the family...hope it dont rain again grrr 
Goin to work now til 9 
Goin to work 
Goin to the second day of VBS! And I lost my make up.... not coolio 
We not gettin along right now!! Goin to stay at my mom's!! 
Goin to work 
Goin brother &amp; cousins Tek own do, grading..  I'm too sick to even movee. 
Goin to build a cube display 
ugh i'm up...someone shoot me! Goin to Sanford...god i hate mornings 
Goin to pick mom up &amp; headin to court 
sorry all my new followers, you will quickly find I am quite  boring in reality. Goin to work 
Goin 2 take a state test 2day, hopefully I pass 
Goin to halls prom dazzled up n the mercedes 
Goin to DQ with the fam! 
Goin to bed. Getting my make up done a MAC tomarro 
Goin home ...party was kooo 
Goin to the zoo 
The worst hangover FINALLY don't belongs to me!  Villy, goddammit! SCOREE!  Goin' to a birthdayparty now.
Just woke up. the past couple of weeks have been well..different, but I think things are taking a turn for the best. Goin to get ready 
Goin out with my daddyo! Chea girlfriend LOL 
Goin to the mall today and seeing a movie with my lover.  sunday will be a fun day :]
Goin out with Farhana in awhile .She's otw comin' to my house 
is glad the wknd is finally here! Goin 2 the casino 2morrow 
Goin back to albany now. I really enjoyed watching sister ray 
is DONE 4 the night... Goin to bed early to wake up on time for Shabbat tomorrow 
Goin up the town noww  Ahh Haaa :o)
Goin to work til 3  Be back later!! Text me if u have my new number!
Goin out, Tweet Later 
Goin shopping, The uninvited was a gr8 movie. U should so watch it! 
i'm so excited!!!!  Goin to the Beemer and Infiniti dealerships this week 
Goin to lunch wit her  &lt;3
Goin to see a movie, see ya 
Goin to stevens with lisa for some fun with friends 
Goin to bed now y'all have a great night! 
Gettin check outta school cause im siccck. Goin to pick up jimbbbbo. 
Played ball at the park, coached a youngster on fundamentals.. Goin home to steak and lobster.. Word up 
Goin to drive-in movie for the first time 
Goin to ma cousins soon, there dog is soo cute 
Goin see my mommie I love her so much 
Goin to bed early (ish) since I've got my interview tomorrow!  good night, twitter.
my shower ws broken... And then it worked! Which is good because i ws a smelly man. Goin to be an awesome day! 
Goin to bed. It appears to have stopped raining cats and dogs. I wanna dog. English Bulldog 
Goin to bed so i can get up in 6 hrs to go back to work 
is really lookin forward to this afternoon! Goin to manchester with the girls to c girls aloud,but goin for dinner a hard rock cafe first 
such a goood night Goin to bed! No after party but whatever! Night 
Goin to early church then heading to jacksonville 
Goin to the pub  lol
Goin back to siesta tweople...mansion 2night? Perhaps 
Goin to the Pamper Palace with @kristycurtis  (hands and feet again) it's that time of year! 
Goin shopping! 
Goin 2 ceader beach!  d - _ - b
Goin' to the Casino for the first time! gonna spend 20 bucks!  haha
Fresh out of the shower SQUEEKY CLEAN! Goin to bed! 
Goin to the dealey plaza, 
@NicLizD Goin to see him tonight. So it's &quot;Boss&quot; day here in Ronnie-Land 
Goin 2 nursery  The suns out! Yay hope its a gd day. 1Week of college starts now :p x
Goin to bed even though i didnt finish the packets....G'NITE!!..more like good morning i guess..good luck w/ur report 
Goin to bed...got a promotion to get to early in the morning!  
Goin to bed. Finished the shirts for proj grad. . Ready for tomorrow night  bye.
Goin 2 monterey w boyz n my grumpy pants 
Goin for a swim then havin a s'more. 
