Most common words for this cluster:
[('goin', 149), ('chillin', 95), ('feelin', 65), ('u', 61), ('gettin', 58), ('lol', 55), ('workin', 55), ('doin', 45), ('sittin', 40), ('mornin', 34), ('outta', 33), ('home', 32)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'havin_fun', 0.8144581317901611), (u'goin', 0.8134139180183411), (u'gettin', 0.7902353405952454), (u'listenin', 0.7725697159767151), (u'questlove_@', 0.7709423899650574), (u'laughin', 0.77059006690979), (u'thinkin', 0.7679023742675781), (u'waitin', 0.7629342079162598), (u'sleepin', 0.7613452672958374), (u'whatcha', 0.759172260761261)]





is missing n ol frend &amp; is thinking bout her rite now 
my drivin teacher says i should drive faster  dat seems scary drivin @ like 70mph
He called me a shorty!! 
no feelin well 
@KneeGrowSODMG i aint never been to a concert of his  all cuz of my mama.
chillin chillin my kitten hurt her foot 
not feelin so hot.. tryin to lay low 
workin, again 
So much for goin bikin today, it's snowin like crazy 
goin for a run and then showerin and back to torts 
i neeeeeed to start doin some workkkk 
@kirstk haha i know.. i think im already outta the loop 
tryin to upload a pic... but its not working 
@bradaus chillin man. i don't like eminem's new songs 
when it rains it pours tryin to get out from under this rock. 
bar hoppin over quick 
owell, we still have P   - goin to sleep now.- imma he here til the wheels fall off, will you? 
@stevepoltz That sucks darlin'! 
gettin ready to leave  !!!?
thinkin...would it even matter if he knew?   probably not.  
I think I'm just about done with Craigslist, y'all. 2 of the 4 ppl I e-mailed yesterday (renting an appt) responded with an obvious scam. 
@Rachealblack110 me 2 .....im proubly just gunna run errands 
listenin 2 alica keys no one on vh1......makin me depressed reminds me off my x 
i have some sort of stomach flew. i hope this doesnt follow me on the trip back to phoenix arizona.  womp womp womp
@aashleyyyy I know I know I know  and I don't want it to come faster cuz then our summers gone :/
contemplating cuttin tha hair...:S gettin tired of it now a days 
dreading drivin up to sva 
so hungry but can't get outta bed to save my life..wishin I was still in vegas 
chillin' @ home, listenin' 2 music and watchin' t.v. - it's a rainy day 
gettin worried.. too much sylabus to do 
thinkin bout the mess kids r gonna make eatin tacos for dinner 
thinkin waaaay too much right now!   
goin doctors see about tryin get over this fear of flyin!!! 
thinkin abt goin to play but its kinda beginnin to rain!! 
chillin out after a massive wkend at the sunny coast, which was awesome! but sad to leave 
goin to work  is it friday yet!?
@KaliJayBaby at my homegirls house cryin on her shoulder cuz I got flaked on again 
@NitaCashmere who you telling lol aw shucks 
goin 2 skool soon yay not!! 
@Karriedaway  u comin back soon?
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3ol72 - you guys look so amazingly beautiful!!!! so grown up too... 
I really don't want to get outta bed 
cycling while sittin on a hard seat + 40 degree temp + polution = tired aching legs ... 
i love my homeboys oh so mucho! making me wanna stayyyyy 
rip @TroyLLF he passed away this mornin ! 
swagga flu is different! 
*chillin and not feelin so good... 
Really need to stop talkin to jugs and slip i'm obviously umm young for them...  
chillin in bed with a terrible cough 
isnt feelin well 
bangin sore head! burst last nite 
its rainin again 
walkin on the moon...lookin down to mother earth...can't believe war is still existing....it looks so peaceful at all 
@AyoTwiz werd boo? u cheatin on me again? 
Ugh,hate this feelin 
I can't leave ella alone   she keeps poppin stiches when she's alone
At bamboozle working and chillin. ftsk is on. it sounds bad. 
gettin' ready for the kentucky derby.  i want mint juleps though 
@kwadmajestic i knoooo. womp womp womp  i missss everyone lol
y is boyz n the hood on tv at my job?i feel gangsta gangsta...RIIIIICCCKKKKYYY!!  lol
workin the graveyard shift 
@DjRioBlackwood wat u talkin bout 
in the kitchen playin on the playstation but got boreddd :-|  What can i dooo 
goin to bed early... bored out my mind 
at the library...tryin to work 
sittin here..havent been on in a koo minute...  i miss all my twitterz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@missxchelsey i love rob &amp; big but i dont have cable shucks.. 
feelin sick  devss.
My momma is makin me cleaaaaaaaaan the houseee. 
feelin sick but better but still sick 
sittin out side chillen! thought we was goin out to eat but we not 
Why am I always talkin about sex....I kno dat stops her from takin me seriously..mayb dats y I do it....hmmmmm I dunno anymore 
im thinkin about movin.... 
chillin at my aunts house... and i feel very alone 
Feels a lil bad my babes didn't want me to leave 
@xxashleykillsxx I know, I'm so very sorry  and I did. They were cool lookin.
@Fabolous_Krys23 shucks i can't find it 
 feelin very pessimistic ):
homeee... chillin. alonee 
feelin rough atm 
goin start revising 
how does one go to sleep feelin like crap and wake up feelin the same way? 
@effynius u r makin me hungry 
@zombiejesus thanks, its not even like 1/4 done tho  workin workin workin!
drizzy's gon be big and overplayed now  i want drake to be the best kept secret, ahh.
We got disconnected!  from bein live
is getting a cold.. i gots the sniffles and sneezes  nooooooooooooo!
trippin 
listenin some music and cleanin my room 
mmmhhh.....feelin bored! nothin 2 do actually 
messin around with visual basic 
softball game last night, 3 for 4 with 2 rbi's and a fuckin pulled hamstring    wtf! I've never been hurt playin sports!
had my hep b jab this morn...ouchie  lol
headin to work 
gettin in the shower sounds like we partying with out my better haLf again  this needs to end
just got back from fishin'... no fish for us 
bein bored   
thinkin about how scared i am of diein 
@Wardywanderer mornin hun, its raining ere 
is very sore after havin her apendix out!  x
whoa its wayyyy 2 hot outside. i miss the nice breezy days 
I think I havee a sore thoart comin in  ; but still listenin music .
just got outta da shower...watchn livin single! no tennis today...itz raining 
i wish the sun would come ouuut  im desperately waiting to ride with my sunroof open!- mall with jay, then fam din!
@RaqC myy fridge is lookin empty, too 
@staceysterling i'm just sayin... he seemed upset. he can stop bein fat, i can't stop bein black  but fine. i shall stop!
Its rainin 
goin to dry up now    
@CharlieShrem yes but i'm so tired and hurtin.... 
@shaneosaurusrex where u goin'?  
Bout to go to sleep.... feelin a lil puky tonight 
sittin at the docs 
@brentonfinn ahahahha fuck up no I went and bought a chicken to feed the fam for dinz and its pouring when I got outside  I blame you!
@michellecpa  i know. it's killin me too 
goin 2 bed now! 
This mornin won't be the same without fern 
thiking of goin to the library but not realy convincing myself 
gettin' started...not really sure abut this...bored already 
 i neva knew gettin an internship was this unpredictable
lyin in bed with a lemsip 
headin off to school! yeehaw! 
gettin over a cold  tryin to find something to keep me busy
goin to work 
doing the daily deed, workin !! 
gettin ready to go to work, boooooo hate working 
Cnt sleep sinuses actin up, da common cold is takin effect  not pleased i say!!
isnt feelin so great with a big ole belly ache! 
@fionahaughney ah cool. didnt go out. wasnt feelin' the mae west. 
@Sulpicia_V leavin soon 
up 4 the baby &amp; hear max sneezin &amp; coughin on the monitor.  had a feelin gettin soaked by the fire truck hose would make him sick.  
thinkin about stuffff .. 
just can't stop this pimpin I just can't stop this pimpin. 
@thisisrobthomas guess u'll b headin back 2 ny now?  i miss u already! luv u.
Is working this mornin' 
@sarahhhhhs Ed-Dawwwwgggg... yeahhhhh!!!! I wish i could go swimming with ed-dawg 
went to bed early last night&amp;still couldnt get up this morn. sittin in this chair feelin like i'm gonna knock out 
@lindseyrmr i didnt want to get up either  but im yard sellin here at tracys...its already flippin warm...
goin shopping .. but not for me  hate recession lol
@goldencountry All of my homies are married. So right now I don't 
@chrissydiane lmao.. naw, just hangin, too shitty to go out and play 
chillin at hm mad bored 
Ugh i'm hurting really bad!  but i'm going to bed. I'm getting up at 6 to go walking with my momma and cory.
I wish I could get sleepy as easily as a lotta folks. 
my swishy isnt playin well 
i should b sleepin  i hate 8am's!!!!!!!
wondering y my babygirl has been in my town twice w/out stoppin by  feelin un love ed
feeling bummed still because of the breakin 
@Cibaby @LittleMsCoconut y'all ain't rite 
hey twitters ...what poppin ..for me bed 
@bubba2010  That really sucks!
talkin to my girlfreind  we makin it
Finally back in the burbs, I miss delavin 
@vinylvickxen i kno i doooo!!!!!!!!!! yall partyin with out me 
lyin in bed, up faaaaar too early 
@ModelTheany  tee we beefin....what was u supposed to do before leavin????
the physical. It's coo now i know. Just lettin off some steam. 
i feel less than nothin'.. lower than zero.. 
@zacktate  where u goin
jus woke up, late  runnin to work have students to train!
Not made it to work  couldn't get up feelin blurgh
@TheReal_RedBone stop that babe u makin me feel very bad now! :/ 
@jackiejewel ohh yeahh with the showcase he said his artist will be outta town  so keep me posted as to the next one
Waiting patiently to go out tonight....al by my lonesome 
goin to work 
At a redneck hoe down apparently. 
workin at la bootay... wheres the warm weather at??? 
still trying to get better  had to get mommaz lovin..headed to her house.. ahhhhhh i so hate this feelin!
@cwjacobs lol, what's wrong? workin right now sowwwy 
feelin lonely now after spendin the last 50 hours with my friends 
@CainAndrews awwwh u stuck in traffic  booo!
http://twitpic.com/67f8o - Making the treck from lafayette to batonrouge solo. 
slightly burnt challah  The proof is in the eatin', though...
@osandisays dude...come to amel larrieux with me tonight...errybody fakin! 
shakalohana week two of flat wavez no surfin 
hey @mitchelmusso i tried callin u but it wont let me 
@Twinnikkib too late  I'm already on the bus goin home  what the he'll u talkin about drinkin tea????
i look like a freaking tomato  goin to graduation..
chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty burnt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with Ian, not happening though. 
@JamaicaPanama im missin out on all the fun aww  *cryin* lol
@imreallywildin u callin me grimmy 
@B_Flyy_ so the fuck what lol...im goin out too 
@LMcDaniels for what? R u leavin me again before I get to see u! 
Just got back from takin the little one to the park... She was sad we had to leave! 
@MobayPrinCess nuttin jus chillin at home  lol wats good wit u?
always bored outta my mind on fridays *sigh* 
chillin at home with my homework. dude, i'm kinda burned out hanging with you guys so much... 
Heading to the lil gangsta's house aka @nikkimariee for her going away party 
sittin at home doin nothin 
@DJKidFamous bein bored and tired 
Off to pasadena to @jeegunkim goin away party..  then to opera in hollywood!
aw shucks 
@dearfashionista where the hell u goin? n i wasnt invited? 
@hollywoodglam84 awwww shucks 
Why u feelin a little  @mileycyrus ?
@MzRenLee I live in north jersey now  but I jus tried smokin lol its ite.
@MissTeTe23 im hurt rite now an u pickin on me  lol but its all gud i went downtown an shock it off
@smariee aww yay. I'm sad now. I'm all by my lonesome 
feelin really stupid for listenin to m,y older brother now all i am feelin is pain 
waitin waitin waitin...it's so boring! and ahhhh...i woke up at 9.32 am...it's too early! 
@miiikeo dude drinkin and dancin aint the same wthout u  seriously(((((
riding scooters and bmx and goin 2 skool 
it is so hot n sunny ere in the lakes district n  mum is makin us go walkin in it 
@fjkeogh tired.. just woke up and missin all the sunshine  hows ya?
missin' all my buddies from mtl, especially mimisha 
thisz wy I dont like goin2malls on wiken 
tryin 2 revise 
@ddlovato talkin' about family. makes me feel... 
workin on my gymnastic dance moves...i totally suck at this 
tryin to txt... its not workin 
lyin in my bed ill not a hangover wishin i was out in the sun and feelin better 
chillin..then parade...last one ever!!  
workin at bigtop fleamarket in prov. wishin i was outside enjoying the beautiful weather 
It's so nice out but I'm trappd workin inside 
just finished playing a lil basketball in the blazin tucson sun!  40 minutes is too much in that heat  im exhausted!
a have a feelin am gettin blocked off this soon for tweeting to much 
@HolleyMonelle face hurtin and I think I'm high.... sittin in this studio session!  i don't even smoke....yuck son! LOL. I'm good how u?
@marleisse I wish I could do hoodrat thangs too 
@TehDrunknMunky lol.. no i dont think so! that is why i'm all on my lonesome 2nite! 
feelin depressed 
sittin in the apt...i'm hungry 
my socks are still wet from gettin to work this mornin. its been over 7 hrs    and my umbrella broke. hope it doesn't start raining again.
hoppin he come bac 
Is bored, watching telly and missing her bubba 
@boogie_mcwoogie I failed in that dept too  http://myloc.me/29gG
@chicagocali15  so sad &amp; my broski hittin me tlkin ish on the blkbry messenger
@SHELLZJEWELZ Whats good playa? All these peeps you are asking to follow you &amp; your not following me 
@cthagod i was out eatin/drinkin/chillin--damn i feel like i just got in trouble *hangs head* 
@donhalejr yea  just eatin dinner n goin 2 bed *sigh* ughhh
i cant be f'ed goin to work. 
@JaggedEdges beyond rockin boppin. I could really go for a coffee though   what are you up to?
m gettin bugged sittin at home doin nothin at all.......frnds lost in der own worlds..... 
feelin lonely 
@gamingindians awww shucks. I didn't win 
Still in my jimmy-jams, but I eed to change soon 
Just wakin up feelin crappy didnt even have a full drink last nite but feelin sick to my tummy.... 
just walked all the way down to the shop in the blazin sun to get a cornetto and they were all gone  ragin!!
@TYBANDIT mornin sunshyne 
@iShatara maybe it was only a bay area thang  dammit!
movin' out... wow, this is harder than i thought. 
Is bored and really can't be bothered goin 2 skwl tomoz. 
@dbuie thangs was great. I wish you would have come 
a lil cloudy 
@MsShawnna *innocent puppy face* why would u want to pick on lil ole me... 
omg lovin sum1 but they aint talkin 2 me what shall i do  ?
@sportsquota feelin a lil naked over here w/o a game to watch for 5 days. 
@ILLY5G bein held hostage by my fam 
All by my lonesome now cause kody is going to work 
oki doki, headin for a few z's before my head explodes  nighty night all, c ya tomorro after ive soakd up some sun 
sittin on the porch with my fli flops on ; i hurt my toe and i can hardly walk on it ouch !! 
goin crazy 
@19fischi75 darlin - me should leave u now 
drivin to my moms house 
goin to bed early. i think im gettin sick 
@livin4hymn I may retire soon because it seems we aren't getting anywhere fast.  #maureenjohnson #maureenjohnson #maureenjohnson
mornin  I'm awake, but I don't want to get out of bed yet 
chillin cuz i have no choice... nigga can't move 
dammn. i hella miss baby hatchie :'( fuckin saw everybody goin to 905 and i miss it!!!! 
realizing how much I miss my boyz! 
this nigga got me up @ 6am runnin around like achicken with my head cut off. i need 2 go back 2 sleep..i hate bein worried 
@MissDiscreet   y u goin on me lol
this diet fng isnt workin out for me. i eat MORE now..  how will i eva loose weight now(
hello i feel quite sick... waitin 4 the thermometer to tell me if I have fever... 
aww havent been on since yday mornin 
@merdah  ur makin me sad
hangin out goin to get my nephew from school then taking my caity back 
@sarebear9541 grr I didn't lie I was really busy revising + out and about so I was like hang on I'm revising! 
omq hella worried for my younqq moneyy fam n tdash 
@keepitrealphyll I've been really really sick wit the flu and I'm now gettin over it 
movin on to frenchhh 
goin to work early, so no more gym 
havin lunch w/o my sweetie...   wishin he waz here!!!!
tryin to revise geography 
@therealpickler i hope you feel better darlin' 
got loadsa fucking bites all over me. bet its fae fuckin sittin on the grassy hill beside teh motorway. 
@marqueshouston it sucks  its makin me tired!!!
sooo tired.  chillin' at the cow...
now my pic isnt workin 
@ciaobella6 ive given up on tryin to change that pic and background 
Its a fuckin monsoon outside!! 
goin to visit my pops in the hospital 
Why is there such a freakin long break for the finals!! No bball drivin me insane 
Tireddd,  why does he have to be so good lookin and he doesn't even notice me   
jamming to im on a boat. When i was at the boardwalk i wished i was on a boat  on a dolphin doin flips n shit
@jamael &amp; that's when the womp womp womp comes into play.  sad face.
Off work And feelin like shit. 
sittin under the hot ass dryer .... my flippin ears are on fire 
@SincereMusic well u left me  where were u? I like your new pic, lookin smooth LOL
@nowimgold Aww shucks. I miss you and nina. 
thinkin 
@MissBrynne lol I'm very jealous! I'm just layin here starin at the ceilin very bored  lol
@yahyan well since you're ignorin' me i'm just goin' to go to bed since I don't have anythin' else to do, g'night.. I love you........... 
@sexypeach23 it seriously isn't... This is getting outta control already! 
One thing i cant stand......walkin on tiled floor when my feet are wet  im goin 2 bed nite twiggas!
goin school now  its BOILIN outside! lovin it &lt;3
feelin a little upset 
Brrrrr its really cold sitting by the A/C 
should be in the sun  wats u doin????
@jellybear89 they're breeding outta control 
@karpaydm OUCH! @travelin_gypsy and I didn't make the cut. 
goin' to sleep.. my gums still hurt  ..
@nicole_b86 anooo  we'll probably end up just goin a walk lol as usual!
Where da sunshine gone?? 
still in the middle of nowhere...floating out to sea... missin @nevershoutkayla 
@yahyan seee.. You don't care about me  I never do anythin' to you, all I do is try to make you happy and you pay me back by hurtin' me...
oo this final is takin forever lol i have to write like 5 paragraphs. 
gettin ready to go out.... but really has no energy 
@YoungQ the vids keep gettin stuck for me 
@Foxyma2k9 hurtin my Tweelings!... 
@FreekitTweekit iDidnt even see it  iWas talkin about @ the beginning of this one lol
@sushirockstar ur tellin me... 
chatting to my bubba, i miss you 
@thznutz87 workin' 
@YungCEO nuthin muchhh!!!! jus chillin bored..  what you doin ?!
Ughhhh !! I'm nt feelin to good !! 
He said he doesn't like me  &amp;outta nowhere too! Laaaame!
I'm never drinkin and eatin fruit or doin whatever I did to feel this way becuz it sucks! 
starting to feel a cold coming on  ..hittin the sac
gettin ready for bed! lookin forward to physical therapy soon my back and neck hurt  boo hoo
@DjAlizay didn;t hear my song  i left the club cryin!
lonesome me 
mornin must do a few things this mornin then i'll pan out in the sun til i have to go to work 
 shucks.
So so sooooo ready to go home already. I miss my fam bam 
@rallen824 one you prob loved it when old man hit on ya 2I don't live near any sonics  3 free meals are the best
@paramorest whachoo cryin for? 
stuck at work again :S wishin i was outside enjoyin the sunshine 
is sat at home doin plannin 
@emmy_butterfly: *snif* *snif* ima b lonesome 
@veerooniicaa Exactly what it says, darlin' 
@geekgirldiva Aw dang! It's rainin'? can't tell you how much i miss regular rainfall. 
doin crappy hwork 
@lufii i no the feelin! 
listenin to sugababes &quot;nothing good as you&quot; lovin the song + my dad sold my mustang 
Another early mornin 
@lariece i know  its been rough. When yall comin to visit
i miss the westcoast 
I got shoes I said I would never buy today after I setteled for the best/worst dress I will find in Huntsville. Ohh what joy 
@optimuscupcake you do cuddlin without killin? i could fancy a cuddly sleep too.. m so tired 
goin to work! 
@antonykd they are dope..but i wasnt trying to camp... so i asked my homies but im coming up short 
TGIF...bored ugh...rainin outside 
@donniewahlberg @jordanknight @jonathanrknight @dannywood @joeymcintyre tryin to say by the vip entrance but they were mean 
@aceythekidd drivin around tryin to find a place to eat at 
fed up... things aint goin right atm... goin to have a sleep 
@callyyyy 'sup darlin'? 
I just got to play the standin granny at the rehearsal. No cain, though 
lyin in bed watchin corrie repeats, work in morn 
goin to work 
??? I feel like drinking, but not too much fun drinking by myself  Is it ok to drink all by my lonesome? LOL
Man just tryin to keep my mind off her and evrything...all these songs I hear just don't help 
Fever of 100.8  feelin gross 
Really really bored and stuck on kane and lynch ahhhh 
just sitting at homed bored n hurtin 
@tinoymom That's about where I was. I'm on meds now that keep it in check. Runs in the fam apparently 
hangin with @shhshakedown! I am not going to let her leave tom 
hung out with chris and jess. it was huge. now i'm just chillin at home. not huge. 
just blah..im guna end up goin to bed mad 
@mahafreed my moms gone to delhi...missin her 
@bryhobbs chillin just drinkin and being alone 
chillin at dell's, my internet aint workin 
My dancin' shoes didn't do much dancin' last night. 
can not be bothered goin to work  x
awww man goin out 2nite n its effin rainin facepaint is garented 2 run 
Legs are killin me from dancin like a tit at the wedding, just gettin a munch in social, slight hangover n the cunt decided to crush ice 
sat chillin wantin the rain too go away 
good mornin tweetz i didnt sleep 
@xVivaLaJuicyx lmao its looking bleek now I'm mad I woke up early for nothin 
@JAMILInRealLife I'm jealous. I'm at the mechanic gettin an oil change. 
I just need a little lovin and don't know how to get it 
@LovGloria im doin fine, dreadin goin to work  how u?
@juliezerbo sadly no   whatcha doing on the hill?
@shaloka sowwyyyy  I was 2 busy bustin movesssss! Lol!
chillin wunna talk to bowwow!! 
its rainin  soooo wet n tired
feelin supa F'd up, tryna get oval this feelin but it aint workin, my &quot;friend&quot; needs to come take care of me 
makin cinnomin rolls, then maybbe hangin out at the lake...who knows, it's chilly today 
-nvm. can't go back! so im stayin up... 
gettin reeady to go to st.louis cuz my cousins in the hospital again 
Just finished my sat  fml
Ugh DRILLz comin up soon...... 
billie joe has the bobble head thing goin on 
I'm outta shape. 
Hates the fuckin rain :@ the road is flooded on the broadway and the motorway is closed  and i need to be somewhere!!
@emmarossx probably :^) unlike us  is greg comin tomor?
is so very tired!  ..runnin some errands!
boring  and waitin'
I'm very sad n hurtin rite now I want be left alone 
I always cry when bubba dies in forrest gump. 
@keymah boyfriend #2 u doin wit me 
doin nothin that is exciting. 
waitin for my vizio and mytouch 3g 
@23graeme23 nah, just work n tryin 2 catch the gd weather when i cud l.week! I was just gettin used 2 havin a bit of sun about 2! 
@ hanabana09  and as like as soon as i get home from here ur leavin on that cruise.. 
My man just ditched tha bbq to go fishin.. 
Is all of sudden not feeling sooo good, goin to go lie down 
With @ iamsoodope and susan. He's tryna get cute for summer jam!  LOL
@golftippin early goal   out for vacation stayin at encore we should meet up maybe have a bite to eat.
laid up  watchin hockey.... hurtin 
Just left the carnival...didn't have fun cuz deja cried on every ride...then me &amp; him couldn't get on the rides  http://twitpic.com/6sozp
well my homie isnt commin which means im ridin solo at this event 2nite 
@Realitythedon shit! already called that shit a night aint shit poppin! so im chillin watchin the titanic all alone 
So mad..... Pens r goin 2 lose 
@SheriRocks  damn....wish i was in cleveland kickin it
@DaniEg08 sittin in my apt bored outta my effin mind cuz my car is in the shop 
so tired of goin to bed alone. mighta  made out w/ a rockstar, but its been so long i dont remember how.  still dry too. ugh  bed.
@borsche28  I know the feelin, remember when I almost touched gwen?
tryin to itch around my tattoo, I got so many tats mind as well call me weezy 
eye is hella sore.  chillin with the famlayy though!
sad cuz i couldnt go to summer jam todae 
workin. what else  wld i be doin? 
@mightyvanessa :lol: what r u doin then?? im so boring 
wow @THEREALJMAC aint tell me night... n he the only jmac i follow *smh* good lookin out fam  lol
@kevindavis1914 i liked that song...til u declared it the 'rat anthem'...darn 
@MzSkellington yes  it used to be cool but then it started drinking and hangin w/ the wrong crowd
yep  u sleepy? -carly
Me n whopper r drivin to michigan right now to visit grandma savoie. 
workin' too much,tired 
feelin a lil hungover  what time did i get in this mornin??..
feelin dead! packing up 
So now again im back on the road and gainesville bound...woop woop??? So sleepy 
goin to bed 
waitin patiently for my dream to come tru.... 
@CaspaDaDon this early.. Dammit man!... So not jealous lol but still don't like my head goin a hundred million mph when I'm trynna sleep 
@Sammehxo and i wanted to see oasis too  my cousins goin im well jelous, but shes wearin my boots so ill be there spirit hahah
I miss my bubba @JordanSchultz  but I'm really excited for him!!!
@SLessard aw shucks i didnt see 
@envysays  sorry...kickin it wit my brother in boston.  been off the twittering  hope all is fantastic with the russian hotties ;)
@DonnieWahlberg that pic is dope~ I love the roots!  Can u send me a tix for vegas...all my girls r goin &amp; i think i should b there too! 
@arieslaydee85 not much, was planning on goin this morn but didn't make it 
goin' to eat then sayin bye to big brother. 
it feels like i`m alone, they both sleepin` now . . I miss my bed 
@DebbieFletcher I can't enter the site ! I don't know what's goin' on 
headache. major headache... uhhhh goin to work lets see how long this lasts! 
chillin....about to drop off aunt at the airport....lucky....goin to vegas (i wanna go  )
at home chillin...goin back to richmond soon tho 
One more dance left  then out 2 eat with my family cuz there awsome 4 comin 2 it!!!
hangin out leavin tomorrow 
@vanitydoll I sooo envy you right now! I wish I was relaxing and/or partying!!  and not be a 'lady' if u catchin my drift! 
Deathly ill outta nowhere 
goin  to bed now - sooo sleepy 
it needs to be a lil hotter 
Just got done hangin with chunkers... I love chunkers... Chunkers had 2 go 2 work.. Now    
@hustlin_beats i dont come in here often 
Home chillin waitin 4 this boy t2 call me bak even tho he sed so 5 thousand yrsz ago  lmao
@phyllis8katz it's lookin' ugly isn't it. 
chillin at sydneys tonight.sick of bullshitttt 
@MissMillions im tryin babes cant seem to get it to work 
talkin' to papa &amp; told me to call korean airlines to book my ticket.m' leavin 4 states on july 12th..now i feel saad. 
@pussyprevails my bad i got bad timin' 
...jus gettin over a hangover 
--u mad grimy for callin my nigga @illmaticp eewwmatic!! @is0l0 !!! 
@DawnRichard ur sooo dope for goin live with us...  we love you!
@luvthecountry happenin to me too  boo hoo
packing up to go back to coral springs  ill miss my big bro!
sittin on the couch not feelin so great 
WatchiiN a Moviie...by my lonesome...n0t cuddliiN 
 feelin empty. lost...
ahh keep tossin n turnin cant fall asleep! too much on my mind 
reely dont feel like goin 2 skool 
goin to bed jus got done playin basketball at downtown usf. soooooo tired! 
chillin out and listenin 2 ipod again - gettin a bit pissed of tho!!! 
yup stil goin slow. Only bloody midday... 
So sad to see @livin4urkisses and @kristenwacholz go!!! 
I have a free all on my lonesome 
@jhayu !! lil slow i guess 
goin to work off @ 5 
@Mattdavelewis ...ahh too late. its pouring down in kent now 
ugghhh so humid ...went in a friggin track top that i ended up takin off while was out, all hot now 
@kwisdumb  aw, shucks.
@itztkbaby tryin to kill this echo 
singin this song about you!! 
wop wop wop! xp this is the end! 
@iluvjbonly ya  donno nothin goin good w/ my crush
hangin around, chillin, listinin to very very good music. and nooooo, rain the whole day 
hate workin' on the east side 
@sgbarnes sorry to hear about the sprinklers.  when does vacay start &amp; where ya goin'?
goin onto bio.chemi just really nt goin well. 
tryin to write a new song is hard 
it's gettin hot a little too fast.. i'm NOT likin it.. 
@gone2dmb I don't know any other peeps goin though 
goin to work...........fuck..........its holiday here and i gotta work 
@internacionalj u headin back to cali? I'm headin to your motherland...as soon as I can get off this runway. 
Ugh goin to hospital ! 
thinkin about kenzi 
@SADON_ it's goin well..I see u still didn't order it tho.. 
I just  seen the most evilist  messed up video ever!! @craffo it would somake you cry! i did, i will again if i dont stop thinkin bout it 
chillin at the house , bored as crap  livin life like a single girl !
drivin alone to ft worth 
@kwposton I'm sorry for makin you fragile 
@nicklovesslayer  sthop makin funth of me.
goin to bed!!!! i miss u baby!!!!!  ur too funny!!!! muah!
@TiONNAlASHAY loll I feel bad for eatin it  Why did you stop me!
@TiONNAlASHAY loll I feel bad for eatin it  Why didnt you stop me!
so heartbroken  ...tryin to sleep. hopefully forever...
wow.. sanders on steel panther's &quot;turn out the lights.&quot; offensive, but i still love him. &lt;3 i can imagine a guy sayin that to me tho.. 
@numberchic doin it rite now 
goin 2 bed wit louboutin on my mind.... @JennBMedia 
I have a feelin this goin 2 be a bad day i've already had probably had the worst mornin ever 
No aquarius so far    All by my lonesome
it's killed again.   i hate workmen. what r u doin?? 
goin down to take bout my grandpa... 
need to start doin some fuckin excersiiiise man. SHEEEESH. so ill after download 
Teacher's late so i'm stuck sittin here waitin.. 
im chillin' after a gazillion dance recitals!! sooooo much fun! miss you uliana! 
@kevinManno all by your lonesome!? how will you cope 
feelin a little left out 
is jus chillin listenin 2 sum music...its propaaa borrinnn  xx
shower then work! eek I'm tired 
finna get outta class and baby sit. so bored rite now 
jus finished runnin in this 100 degree weather 
walkin to work 
had da worst possible fall eva in horse ridin -so sore  help! 
workin' 
workin, workin, workin.... 
@GeeSoSweet  she did give it 2 me but I don't kno if I wrote it down rite..... shut up nigga F U
sittin' waitin' wishin' 
 going to heAD to bed its late in here, up for a swim in the mornin 
workin late as always 
leavin the mall. mission not complete.. comin home with no new dress.  damnit.
doobie, mi primo, is spending the night  just lovely
last playa standing I guess...  lol
just finished eating...now im feelin lovely...missing my one and only though 
goin to bedddd, i don't feel well 
drivin travis home with cancan and dustyn, so tired 
no more drinkin 4 9 monthz 
jus got home chillin wit babe even though he don't care I'm in pain right now 
late night and an early mornin..! 
They took pooter  i can hear him crying n barkin from far away i hate this!!!!
tummy started hurtin outta noooooowhere  i think it was dat qrape soda uqh!
@dannywood rub it in that i wont b seein it 
No 3.0 until the mornin' I reckon.  
goin to bed.. fml  *bad mood*
so it's back to the working out and i have come to realize..... i'm outta shape 
its stopped rainin but its still cold 
gettin stressed with the roads. 
I really should start ridin the X2 to work in the mornings to wrk... Itd be much cheaper... But I just don't do crazy bus ppl too well 
listenin'2 nadia's story.geez it mks me wnna cry so bad.  breakin up is such a big deal, isn't it? ummmmm....
wheres the sun gone? its rainin yet again 
@richtelford r u gettin rid of the clio? I never saw it  what r u getting next &amp; can we go blasting round the estate playin tartan techno?
just woke up, after goin to bed faaaara too late 
workin....i wish i was still in bed with her 
wooo how fun sitting outside waitin around until my presentation 
@noreen217 ragin must only work tonight then, bummer 
sittin in the library waitin to go home... proly bombed math final 
hangin out w/ @lele2lele , @nonnieyanie , &amp;some other folks... not going to the jumpoff this sat ; family stuff is going on 
a bumming me out... No bueno    ~M~
chillin and doin homework 
@JeffTheGirl yo i'm madd late! lol talkin bout can you get a beat! you already know you can! you done forgot about me and all that 
soooo bored  want somethin 2 do every1 is at oasis....
sittin at home bored  and exhausted cuz my kids keep me on my feet!!!
@itsalalaia just got back from swimmin  uugghh lol
missin' the good ol' days.. 
@isanaka where u goin and when u comin back foo? 
chillin at the crib wit the lil girl only got a week n a half left wit lil mama 
@Shonabonny so like am i in the dog house? or have just been kicked outta da yard period? this is killin me 
sittin here, waitin 4 sumthin 2 happen, i miss my sister  but i'm sure she'll have fun in dallas...without me 
I am officially bored and there is nothin' to watch 
too much walkin though 
blah goin to bed. damn allergys  night all
@kclark1007 good ol 19 ! not  haha
@FirstDigg Whats it for. I'm outta the loop. As usual 
it started to rain on me  i had to quit runnin
http://twitpic.com/7ogr5 - I should probably focus on driving more, instead of takin' pics of myself 
@realmfox i wish i could have been on your tour cuz it looked sooooooo fun 
@NAYMEZ nothin watchin wipeout!! I'm still hella tired.. 
Just got outta' the showerrr  still sick
@DCrais  sorry we missed the dcrais crew... but my boyz were starving!
@letbake aww its goin off now  lol
goin 2 sleep early .. becuz  i hav a stuoid red eye 
@NicRamirez chillin, suttin is wrong with my tooth 
i'm sooo shweeeepy  being a responsile young adult is soooooo fuckin wack! doin it all over again tomorrrow
i'm like all sleepy at the ofc now. 
@CBDuhh LoL big head!! Wats good, and U tryna ride out for me? Lmfao and bbq lookin like postponed..........  fucken weather drains pipe
@built2crash579 olive said she would teach me but nigga is always too drunk to do it 
so devo i have netball thingo on sat, so no more gig 
K goin to work 
@mothluna - Aww, dawg.  What's wrong?
just ended dj-ing. tired after talking so much partner-less. 
good morning. up hella early because the baby is makin me verrry uncomfortable  
feelin' sickish 2daii..  a lil' cough &amp; extreme colds.. badtrip!
When it's rainin i ain't makin the dough! 
@hartgirl10 sittin here bein bored outta my mind...  god if i could only go to toronto tonight i might be happy
gettin eady 4 vbs blahh      !
I want to go swimmin but i have no one to go with. 
Coughing outta control and it hurts 
I think im havin trouble tryin to sleep 
@Trecee  hey mamma, I'm good movin along bout 2 head out n2 all this rain!!!! 
@NatalieBejarano I loathe throwing up, too. And feelin like some1 kickin you sucks  @ least got a laugh @ my ranting n raving. j/p TTYS!
@sarahthorntonxo unfortantly you cannot  sorry but its from back when we fell out in jan? we made the blinging pack 2 sat 2gether 4ever
@ProfessionalOne   when u comin back?
tryin 2 figure out what's wrong with our 'Bentley'.. 
Stuck in chicago trying to get to new york  bored out of my mind
@michellecmartin he got called in at noon           whaddaya doin?
@IRocAirJays I tried you was too busy havin other convos... I'm hurt 
Suddenly... I want to go sit in my closet.... Where its safe.  buh.
chillin in west va rockin to paramore todays my last day here 
lovin the hot weather..jumpin on the trampoline.. too bad its gonna rain the rest of the week 
feelin sad and thinkin a lil bit..... 
Why u laughin at me @theomartins 
gettin ready forr practicee. 
workin in the a.m 
sittin home......bored outta my mind 
idk bored goin to church  bbbbboooooorrrrrrrrrriiiiiiinnnnnnnnnngngggggggggggggg
@mileycyrus when r u comin to dublin?.. y r u not comin to belfast 
ugh.. i hate traffic jam!! guys if u r headin 2 alauddin street, i suggest u 2 turn back 
Just got home from a big workout....and then I smashed  .. that kinda defeats to purpose of workin out haha
@Faahz wow who's calling off  lol ur keepin busy!
still the same feelin'  
@TWoodIzYrF im fine jus chillin now just finished cookin but no ones home  lol
@MissSididdy: damn peanut  lmfao. U gettin hood!!!!
Y is keyshia takin so long....this is the longest intermission ever 
This doesn't feel the same  I feel like I'm the one gettin played .
@mizzSupaStar  dam u leavin forreal?
@ExplicitBeauty waitin 4 it 2 cum on 
@Nolex youu trippin'.. 
just got home.  gin&amp;tonics went down so well...danced w/ my bitches but had to skip the afterparty cuz of the ouchies 
@JustMee_CynCyn LOL I no, I applied before but must have done them wrong then couldn't be bothered doin it again but my mums making me 
Its rainin heavily in twitcago. 
tryin 2 sell her sofa n chairs 
good mornin twitterville!...still rainin 
This cough aint gettin any better 
workin overtime! 
@djglobalkiller workin' on it 
on this and bein bored 
i want to go to live in the park  ragin hi. sittin in my brothers room wile my mum goes shoppin and leaves me with the painters. 
@FlyBecuzHEIs im takin pics for you!....but its rainy here and the concerts outside 
I'm intoxicated yet still alone must be fugly  i give up tryin
wearin new shoes and listening to the cd emahbean made me. thunnderstormin outside   and takin the toll road all by my lonesome real s ...
waitin in for a delivery so boring 
i am blocking them, may have to go back to tx  not many truckin co. hiring out of florida
aww it's gettin cloudy now 
@stiggypop me never i was gettin giddy about goin but my boss is a sheff u fan and woudnt let us hav it 
@bryanBLG Wahhh!  I can't go tonight cuz I don't have a ride 
feelin ill...need rest 
payday! to bad its all goin to rent 
feelin awfully dizzy 
workin then brooke's recital then more wedding planning alone 
I dont want to get outta bed to go to work 
@AstheniaRocks I'm a big ol' green. 
after all the trouble.. the ckts nt workin 
isnt outta bed yet  
Anyone gettin drunk tonite? I want too 
so tired been workin hard on placement lol! finished now bck to uni 
goin to work 
I so feel like a female doin all this damn shopping 
http://twitpic.com/7u9lo - so tired, sleepy and exhausted!  i need to sleep!
fuk no parking at my  favorite beach  boooo
I'm feeling so lethargic outta the blue 
When golf ball huntin, found 3 
@agirlwhocan what happened! But summary to the story: gettin annoyed bein tony the tiger surrounded by frosted flakes 
headin home wander what to do with myself since i am newly single.  guess imma go to bed early 
found dead rabbit in my backyard.  sad -  wuz hoppin around a coupla nights ago.   (was cuter then.) fraid he might've  scared to death 
luke skywalker i am your mommy.   goin home  but i gots bo and chuck 
the cubbies pulled it out...just like yesterday!!!!!!!    hmm, got nothin tonight b/c of storms and no 1 livin near me 
bein sad 
@supernovaLogo it is but sky gettin dark on my side of town memba I in canarsie 
@PhillyGG nothin worse than gettin locked out!!! 
We listenin to foreign exchange and I tell her its phonte from little brother and she say &quot;I aint kno he was a singin ass nigga&quot; 
goin 2 dinner...... by myself  bc the gym is more fin important than me......
gettin' this profile a lil more lively... our designer is away for the weekend 
i think im gettin old...my joints are forever stiff 
sittin here eatin strawberries bored as hell 
i'm so bummed...  104 min, hangin' tough is going, no &quot;stay w me baby&quot;  
Tired...from partyin all nite 
Is at home bored n lonely. missin my lil monster 
#inaperfectworld. A sexy, fun, hot girl like me wouldn't be home alone on a fri night like this  i would be out partying my 18yo ass off!
http://twitpic.com/7vbmu - @ the bowlin alley tryna be cute since I'm not winning!! 
@CityGirl912 bad weather, I take it up in Chitown today? 
@lala9806 i kno right this heat killin her she been goin to bed all early  leavin me all alone!
goin to bed @ 11:30 on the weekend...imagine that...feelin like a party pooper cause I ain't stay out w/ the crew but i'm sleeeeeeeepy 
@livin4hymn  That's horrible that you rented that van and they won't let you move in.
is wiiiiidddddeee awake with no where to go and my boo doin other stuff that doesn't involve me! Thats just not right.  
Just finished hangin and playin with the word alive and eyes set to kill, it was fun but now my tooth is on fiirrrreeee 
@souljaboytellem clubbin and u not here 
@souljaboytellem just chillin. can't fall asleep 
Not a damn thing... ridin lonely 
i'm with you @munchiie08 when did greg @juiceboxkidd and @ambestt start goin live, i wanted to see @ambestt jerk  i'm still a workin on it
@donNYboyFRESH partying without mojo??? 
sittin here wit this glass of wine...cryin my eyes out.... 
i hope i can sleep cuz i sure can't breathe.  i just developed a cold   blech!
@TCCarter23 We would love 2 except we dont have a ride cuz it far away 
At home chillin... feel weird bein away from him 
is finally getting tired; sleepin til 6pm didnt help any. missin my bf 
Yea buddy rollin like a big shot! Chillin with my homies..hungry 
@bkbuster is ranting about @johncmayer ruining free fallin'. i'm crying 
@CoryBedford I want a cd dude. And I so would've gone to your show, but I'm outta town. 
is #proto #startup chat workin ? for me its not   .... chat.proto.in
R.I.P   shit needs to stop goin sideways.
jus got out the shower, now im feelin better..gettin ready 4 work 
@_ketan @varun_dhingra feelin jeolous.. m gettin screwed @ my workplace.. 
@KayleighRees woah woah woah! This isn't fair  I want it. U got the Twitterfon app?? How's it all goin?
@KourtneyKardash where u goin? 
siting thinking and really hating boyz right now 
Still awake doin nth at all 
jus woke up goin 2 work soon seein sashka but i still can't get that one thing outta my mind 
UGH hungover.. not a good feelin 
@lexy31425 oooo....so wen R u comin???? its lonely here now.... 
@OGSun2 I didn't do nothinn..I wass tired. I didn't hear bout nothin either   //lol.
workin til 5 i love you baby i miss u  hub where the h r u? 
well bens hangin out with dad so i have to go to bed 
cleanin my room  goin 2 the beach after
havin' a bad bad cough 
sittin around not doing much... kind of bored 
so... she doesnt have leukemia, but it still isnt lookin too hot 
@katyAndrel awww.. how sad i wish u weree goin' 
PArty city lookin like shit isn't that great  http://twitpic.com/7xc7l
fallin off the wagon of workin out and cant get up...I need some that will motivate me but what  mmm maybe a wii but I have to save that 
soo bored nothin 2 do 
isxz  chillin....mizz u 
Feels like cryin'  never felt so scared as I just did!
ugh ! sleepin early on a weekend  stupid early mornin trips , nite ya'll x
on myspacee and bored outta myy mind 
hungry as hell, runnin low on weed. only 2 g's left. 
isnt feelin well at all  i need 2 sleep
maaan i have a bangin headache!! 
@KatvonStarLite no. I was yappin away walkin on and can't remember where I came in at.  
@Iggismallz its going good..its kinda shitty out, muggy but no sun  how ur weekend going?
thinkin bout goin to the improv tonite to go see @tonyrock...but since i no longer have a car to drive, i dont see that happening 
@so3finest cocksuckas ya doin good meanwhile I'm working 
bumpin music thinkin about myy keyy! her sk broke s0 ihavent tlk 2her alldayy . 
hey twitter fam how is ur weekend goin? mine sux so far bcuz i caught a cold  i hate being sick(
Ugh i'm soo tired... =[ can't sleep... &amp;&amp; i have 2 get up early n the mornin...  ugh...
not much goin right fr wsox....... 
@NellaBella123 chillin...watching the yankees lose  but it's all good
my best friendzz are ovaa yay! havin a fun time but its goin to fast  bout how rebel r weee 
feelin under the weather! jus wana lay down and cuddle!!!  
I've been outside since about 10:30 this mornin and just came in..I'm so tired!!! 
@AudraTheRapper The list shut down yessahday homie 
doing nothin 
@tinkaliscious1 this was my 4th already  and no... Not doing. Chitown....
@AlexAllTimeLow not right now because i plan on sleepin' 
goen to pass out rite about now... going to be sooo sore tomorrow from workin out this morn.. ahh!! sooo not excited for that. 
sittin in the hottel watchin grese, I cnt fall back asleep! 
@chrisj1k dang I'm wide awake with nothin to do 
layin n bed by my lonesome 
@dwadeofficial yourwelcome. but you never reply to me.  i cry myself to sleeep everynight! lol
just chillin drinkin it up by my self  lol
being bored  nudding to doooooooo. sittin here and sitting and breathing and winking and breathing....
2 bad me n my dad aint dat cool 
i really don't feel like runnin  ugh
feelin slightly hungover, family all drinkin wine, turning me slightly 
I HATE that I just got outta bed to go to work  boo !
listenin to smash hits radio, and revising  BORIN!!! got an exam 2mora
@meaniemarny Be careful, 'cause once you do, you can't go outside when it's rainin' or you'll get ruined. 
No more bam bam!!! 
feelin like she wants to do a huge photoshoot 
have the most horrible stomach acid ever... these rolaids aint fuckin workin.   
chillin in mi nanz sunroom.....by myself......i'm a total sadact 
C y'all later!about 9 hours later! I have 2 sleep now n forget about the chocolate milk craving..!  Gnite lol !
I hope i don't burn. I always burn.  eek!
gettin ready to head back to the desert...ugh 
@sweetliketoffee dunno  ..nothin really, jus longness
feelin a little brainwashed. is all. sigh... 
Where u goin? @JaguarFeva 
 feelin un-liked and not likin it
@Yungmarvingaye i cant believe u doin this to me..... 
ahhhh my foots asleep 
@PinkLeopardPrnt workin 
 goin to bed
ugh  goin to school. only 10 more days of this shit !
talkin to my jamy again!!! I hate the alantic for separating us 
goin running again  ugh
headin to the gyno. my mom keeps making fun of my shorts 
fresh outta the showah. my calves are killing me, fuck exercise  haha. fair tonightttt
missin my babeeeee...  as usual...waitin f0r this lunch break...been sittin here since 8am..0mgg...I hate sch00l...
on youtube singin songs - but it keeps playin up 
eeergh [ ! ] why is youtube trippin right now 
@cirrisian wow, what happened to you? I tweeted that cuz I wanted to go down two steps. LOL 
AAAH it's signal number one and I left my umbrella at hommme  Faaail! One drenched iska, comin' up!
ridin' to the airport   /sigh
missin my workout buddies 
feelin down 
**hating.. EVERY second of this.. Wtttfffffffff.......... I wouldd have come thru for *you* regardless....  druggin myself &amp; knockin out..
@missnanse i miss him   hopefully he'll b back on the screen soon and i hear soon he might start gettin involved romantically, YAY!!
@ashleycierra U tellin me ... im so ready to go 
@ariannagrace123 sent you a direct. but i gotta get off here. im goin swimmin in my pool  with the gparents. i love you! talk 2 u tonight!
tryin to figure this out 
doin nuthn 
@bachenbach I ran outta moneyyy  Is it like, worth it thoughhh?
@splashdaddy wow def feelin sometype now 
the real harley is getting sleepy 
@aka55 i was wondering what happened 2 u, u stopped talkin 2 me 
so tired  goin to bed soon
workin, wishing i was @groovecandy 
fucken tired! spendin the night at bridgette's on her bed, by myself  oh well.
feelin' like I could throw up.  going to ZzzZZzzzZzzZzz.
listenijg to music talkin to ashley(my cuzin) and britany and missing rose  lol were my nigga G be at?!?! lmaoo
@AndreaGabrielle i was thinkin about choppin my shit off, but i want a sew in now, like 18 inches, this summer heat do me no good 
i miss them homies. 
grrrrrr. I kick him off the bed and he keeps gettin back in. 
Bummed out that I missed Shood this morn &amp; LVN tonight.. Snuggled up in bed on the tail end of the 1st flu I've had in 3 yrs 
Still up doin nothin now 
had a ball w/ @PuddinCupLuvin and @humanhilite ..... the only thing missin was @PinkCandi81  ol sleepy azz lol
@GabrielleWhite got me over here feelin all unloved  j/k I know u out there grindin!
chillin at da crib...so bored &amp; i cant sleep 
@MzMogul lol...I know right...&amp; I missed cuz I was in the studio working 
I shld b chillin in da park instead of bein at work 
@HowsJosh haha, lookin' good then! 
@FYMTG don't fuck my meetings, yo . . I got two, flyin to chi-town in 45 mins. 
goin to georgia this weekend, my uncle passed away    r.i.p. uncle dave
i had 2 wake up @ 7 this mornin 
Ugh, relizes whose important and whose not just a lil 2 late, 
Looks like its goin 2 rain, i hav shorts on 
here at rita's. gettin ready then i dk what? i miss sammy 
when iam in boredom, my fellas called me and.. they are in gathering and doing singing together, i cant join them now 
@karakarth I'm jk :p and the sjo stinks for gettin cancelled enjoy the hangover I never seen it yet 
pullin an all nighter wit my bffl madison 
keepin it real.  
got a great first verse and chorus goin' i love this song 
playin some good ol' source, stayin up late, and enjoying spring break 
@colourfulmoney nothin layin in bed watchin tv  what u doin
@JaylaStarr hows your beautiful self doin..? 
@SexySubKaylee doin great! and u gurl? 
@GregMinton soakin' up the livin' 
gettin ready &amp; goin to kayla's with crystal! hit me up 
grindin grindin grindinnnn...tryna finish the massive amount of designs i already have to do so i can start on newer projects 
@goJohnnyGo y'all feed off it, don't ya?!  
Gooooood mornin twiggas...sleep was good. So imma go back 2 it.  the luxury of workin nites...
chillin with the homies 
@gilesaaron @JayAllbritton yay! lovin' it  thanks for verifying!
chillin...preparing 4 4 20 
Just woke up.....playin some gears.....then prolly chillen with gee at mall???.....crank 2 was good 
@donnieklang Donnieeee when u comin to the U.K ? 
@divawhisperer  and that's a beautiful thang for real   LOL!
lovin this weather - gettin ready to feel the earth in my hands 
@JGDavila don't forget about kickin it with me! 
i love this weather  i think my daddy and i are headin to the drivin range  then were eatin with aaron!
@raysworldd soo shez lookin flii 
rockin that shit at work with my beautiful ladies from 12-830, holllaaaa 
with jack havin a brew 
just practicing bass. playin some old lights resolve songs from when sherman was still around  miss that boy
playing Monopoly wiff the fam 
chillin with pammykins!!!! 
chillin @ nelle's gettin my mind right 
@charlesgregory chillin  &amp; you?
chillin 
talkin to my babyyyy 
jammin to the musiccc 
@Isz so u puttin up or what 
The usual routine... jammin before bed 
@stevielovesyou if you go to florida, your comin to south carolina first 
@kitiwiti guess your movin on up?! 
@peasnpickles hey! that show was sickkk! cool seein you again and im glad those pics make you laugh. haha. i love photo bombing 
chillin with artsky had a long shoot for urb zoo, but it was kool. 
luvin the new soca tune boom boom boom...love it   
website back up, talkin' to him 
@liliana821 lol don't laugh! I love wow  I stopped playin cuz of work
talkin 2 my cousin tina who came 4 a visit!!! 
jammin to the saturdays! 
goin ridin soon  yeyy but at the mo im stuck doin coursework... joy.
@mariannn yep the song is really good and its really catchy!!!! the beat rocks 
goin for nice walks in the loverly sunshine 
been to work again  now im just chillin' out :L
drivin lesson was good   (Y)
chillin and listening to some music 
waiting for helennnnnn. gunna do some jammin! 
shakin' it to Spanish music 
workin more on my essay, workin on math, and chillaxin in my oooper clean apartment 
wooooohoooo! its rainin!!! 
crazyyyyy night!  goin to the mall w @woahitscaylea
@tifflajohnson  just tryin to be a blessing!
just got done dying my hairrrr..at home chillin wit my sis 
@WeezyOfficial stay cool weezy 
seeing 17 again with my sistaaaa  lovin' me some zacquisha.
Loungin, doin my laundry, grateful for the positive convo. 
@nicolas_michael thank you!! I am so proud of them  they're on round two of rockin yankee stadium RIGHT NOW!
@Reptitude bingah-bam! bingah-boom! much appreciated reTweet 
chillin, should be sleeping....I miss you, hun 
@PinkBerryGirl aww shucks, not really, but you do 
@cahrowline feelin the positive vibes! 
@andyclemmensen is makin u a fansite  almost done
@ericcsz yeah, pop in on a sunny evening and we can have cold beers on my balcony with da boyz 
@honorroller no worries - don't rush, just wanted to remind you  it's happenin, just haphazardly, not sure it should though.
in bedd, colddddd! smokin smokin smokin. im priii sure its 420 errywhere in the world right now 
drinkin my dunkin fv coffee an startin the day off right 
@suprlatine its goin good, this baby is waaay heavier &amp; sits so much lower then the girls. can't wait tho until he's out 
chillin' 
@scribblepotemus Awwww shucks 
goin to see my momma at her work 
@apriljmurphy Aw shucks 
chillin wit paygeee 
going to bed thinkin about him 
@2ewgunnciz They R good  my lil mini me's how's everything goin w u
just finsihed workin out now relaxing to some david bowie 
@MellieMel86 no worries it aint goin anywhere 
@socontagious19 Cuz Jennette's voice is so awesome!! You can't HATE it! LOL 
Its early in the mornin and I'm sittin here jammin 
up at 2:26 playin the piano  and writin songsss.
good mornin' 
chillin 
@MissDivines waddup sistagurl   how u doin?
tight jeans double d's makin me go *whistles* LOLL!! 3oh!3 are the awesomest band 
Doing the hoedown throwdown with amanda 
layin down. talkin to allie 
oh the new yoko track got me gettin' down and lovin' it. and i'm chatting with hl. perfect!!! 
just got home.... tryin' to do somethin' tonight but may just chill with the fam bam 
@YoungPlatinum  how u doin
@trekkerguy ur makin me blush again 
@tractorqueen Not much goin on here.  How are you??
@realin oh dude its crazy summers here.. its burnin out here.. bt then again.. m chill njoyin at home.. havin super time wid ppl arnd 
@ home hangin' out w/my bro 
@NayBizz  I see your tryin to get heard you should check out www.digitrill.com its an indie hip hop networking site 
@lil69 layin down chillin.. what's ur sexc self doin 
@thick5150 u act like u drivin lol nite! 
@mistahfab sooooo 2mph rmx comin fareal huh? 
@etherealbeautyM yay  nuthin goin on this weekend U?
is do good at tweetin i think 
@spook68 mornin but nite too soon 
chillin 
takin' breath!! 
goin dog walkin with laura again today 
@AimeeNewell not long to go now before we can get outta here  x
had gr8 gig last nite! hilite - crackin up @drummer with head through cloud of smoke machine fog on a 4ft drum riser tryin not2 fall off 
gettin readddy 
chillin' with the fam 
talkin to zack again  i swear me n him are like best friends now that we broke up! i cant wait for monday= ridin' on the bus with him!
okay so the dancefloor has jus flooded, that's not gunna stop our feet from movin tho 
Ugghhh workin in the marnin ! Sucks balls.... I love my gigi for bringing me gossip magz 
is just straight chillin 
sittin in a camper with some sexy mofosss!! yea its an orgy 
goin outttt!! 
@pinksad sittin at mandys til they kick up out. We'll try to keep it quiet on the streets 
goin to bed! g-nite!  *yawn*
@SelfMade2K9 not at all  just ain't really been on like talkin bout'!
do the hoedown, throwdown (8) haha i love that song! it's catchy!  im out of here!  im goin to sleep (:   (8)(8)(8)
morn all, waitin 4 the sun 2 reappear, so cool not havin 2 chase around   chillin with som coffee, jst takin it nice n s-l-o-w  haha 
chillin 
@adamsconsulting hey u can turn it around and can have sleep while rockin' 
walkin home catchin spots buzzed as fuckkkk 
talkin to shana on the fonee 
chillin' 
goin 2 a bbq yaaaaay 
@nagibenny workin on it 
dossing and keepin warm in bed 
@janamashonee praying for your safe journey and every success in new mexico. I know you'll knock em off their chairs and have em jumpin. 
@Blackittyblack good mornin' kitty  how's you?
hmm wat can i do im sitting her lisening to songs from wicked talking to millsys sis bex 
@liakov right there w/ya. been chuggin h20. &amp; now for a run in the rain. 
goin to ikea later 
well yea im back home just sittin here with jay my little chihuahua 
chillin at my hizzy, catching up on my stories. 30 rock/the office/lost. oh heaven. the only thing to make this better... chipotle. 
sittin @ hm eatin some good ass speghetti I just cooked..waitin for my boo to get settled in from outta town so he can come chill w/me! 
@slimstrumentalz I'm here watchin crank even though I didnt watch the 1st one. How u doin 
hangin out with my mommy watchin the office 
kickin it with my homie and the girl  
rent is over. i'm sad and glad. i'll miss mah gangstas but i can actually sleep and do other things now. 
@purpleslurp I love u too! &lt;3 what r u drinkin! 
@overyy chillin' and workin' 
@michaelgrainger rockin! as always! U? 
goin to bed 
goin to bed w/smokey!!!!! 
chillin an havin a drink 
waitin 4 the skool bus soo tired nd still soo much 2 do...want 2 b lazy nd sleep but since I cnt ill sing all my fav songs 
In gym doin it up in paddle ball!!!!   xo.
@jay2busy I do now LOL. 
chillin with my bros and a couple of yeunglings   doesn't get much better than this
chillin tonight (at least for now) 
getted crunk of budweiser with the fam bam 
I am chillin w/ my homies 
chillin bored drinking a margarita. txt me 
just got back from hangin with the bestie at the pool, soo nice 
just doin some jammin 
Special chocr makin rounds @ Gourds show 
chillin' with Kealie. 
Uppp. dnt feel like goin to bed? blahh boredd.. thinkin about men hmmm  ha
just put the brats to bed, now im chillin with noodle 
sittin by the fire...yes! 
i just realized im off tomorrow. goin to the beach! who wana come? 
so i guess we r sleepin over. 
@DaveyJam live live or leaked live? If it's live properly I may just role outta bed and download it 
@pinkbunny69 o i c. i have no excuses i just love bein comfy 
@MissxMarisa i'm just sayin Scenie!! i suspect that you *want* the belt sometimes though 
goin to try and start drwaing again, i need to start doin what i love these days and stop doin what i think other people will approve of! 
in #boston with the fam, getting ready to go to #harvard mem church (my old stomping grounds!) ...and the weather is FINALLLY cooperating 
I got what it takes to get through this  just keep truckin Aubs.
@makeupblogging Aw, shucks.  
goin to the beach w mommy. 
I can feel the sun burnin me..shall i still carin on tryin 2get a tan? I think so  x
lovin hills marathons on mtv! 
is watching cardiff blues play munster on s4c! come on blues 
eatin my turkeyy leggg 
@Jumppmann15 me2! Lol! I've been workin, doin graphix, and recording! I hope u make it babe 
@UkieVera keep on truckin!  You'll be done soon  
@tdzarling Aw, shucks.  Thanks.  
@bonitaolivia btw, the fam farm is a huge clearing with a massive fire pit. It's fun for playin outdoor games and gettin a little wobly 
@Urvaksh they might be plotting a breakin 
@Dansterpower enjoy your ride bro. It was good to see u. 
sittin down 
hangin with trevy 
@KingVinyl lol they were just plain ol' eggos 
 chillin!!!!
@Loisfxckinhot well im gettin off the laptop so text it if yu'd like. if not holla tomorrow. 
in my cute lil pj's relaxing 
chillin with my hunnybunny...   lookin' at disneyworld and hawaii photos...awesome trips! 
chillin wondering what i do now 
So now we  in vip poppin rose' .... 
@DJSMOOK doing well... frantic cuz busy, but counting my blessings, so doing well 
burnin' it up 
@EvangelineD It's good havin' a believer. 
goin swimming later 
was twitter messin up on you last nite?? or was it just mine lol 
boppin to lady sovereign 
@KShock whatcha doing in my neck of the woods? 
singin' along to old cd's i've found... 
@emmdeeez keep goin down..it's there 
@justinbeltran singin karaoke with my mom at smokey's tavern if you can make it!! 
@lalavazquez chillin jammin to trey haven't seen it yet tell mel i said hello 
@crystalv32:  got nothin but love 4 you too   
rockin frogg 
Chillen in my room... listenin 2 tha rain fall 
chillin with the cooliest girls ever!  miss briee and andrea 
@ObviousPandaPR smokin' 
just got in....chill nite w/my faves. but so ready for sleepville. Gnite twitlovers 
yay maffus back from motorbike ridin ahaha he broke the bike 
drinkin bout to pass out 
Up watchin moesha 
chillin on stickam            
chillin' out 
chillin! 
makin a pcd-signature  (even if I'm bad in it)
yo yo yo ... its sunny 
ha drinkin with roxann and my cousins and brother!!! 
sleeeep finally; dreamin bout him 
wakin up early!! runnin errrands 
cooking  ... hang out with culo later?
is done with his verse. feelin it, hope i dont cry when i record this track. it's all good. 
http://twitpic.com/5d019 - how cute my lil boy smilin 
@khairell officially creeped out now but im glad you are now able to play long and hard with your wi all by your lonesome 
@DaElement lol nope sadly my mama is 1000 miles away haha but i could see how you would think that  i should of worded it better! 
is well xcited, goin in the studio in sept doin an album... Arghhhh wooop!  xo
Swing dancin at Shawns! 
@GrizCalhoun !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I miss u to love!!! dc chillin md chillin 
gettin' ready to go to the beach~ 
feeling fuuuuuuuuuuull and chillin 
sittin at home watchin a movie 
so proud of my dudes in @parachuteva for being #1 on itunes, and so stoked to see them tonight at house of blues with inpassing 
city walkin it wit the fam... 
workin' with the girlies tonight ) I never knew I could scream so loud after last night....that sounds wrong.... 
chillin with ashley 
goin to chicago the middle of june till the middle of july 
I lovee my sissstaa. She's the bombb diggity 
Ahah partyin tonight ! 
Bedtime y'all  good nite.. 
goin to sleep,cant wait,dylan comin bak!!i &lt;3 soulja boy and jstar  haha night
If it works I could have used it with certain fast-talkin', no-stoppin' bosses - http://www.livescribe.com/ learning to not press enter 
livin it up just because 
Oh the wonderful adventures we spontaneously partake in at 1 in the mornin 
listenin' to runaway by the corrs... i love how they play violin! 
I must have REALLY wanted to go outside after my nap cuz I left the house and I'm at a lil open mic w/ T by the crib. It's kinda hot 
sittin in my college library studyin gynaec...goin to panvel in a bit c 
@lesley007 good mornin 
@sittin_here I tivoed it.  
@Lunsfuhd you're lookin hot. 
Sitting in the jacuzzi relaxin after my hell weekends that I have... with a lil vodka! Mmmhhhmmm! 
@oleGsmith - thanks for hittin me in the head while playing trivia at porchlight 
@sittin_here I do like it.  
@OneFlipsta I'm doing really good, how are you?  Just kind of chillin, writin' and listening to music 
@hiphopdancer94  watcha listenin to?
@tommyoroguestar it was cool hangin out Brostrophedon, keep in touch 
@marginatasnaily it's worth it just 4 that,, &amp; gettin the boys around &amp; havin a ultimate fighting championship in the cage 
workin, workin, workin... sometimes it's good to be an investment banker 
@TEYANATAYLOR wassup, I'm jus stoppin by to show some love. def. like your music 
@DaphneA good thinkin' 
Its hard to keep from gettin burned when love is like fire   NemoNemesis 
http://twitpic.com/5fb1r - chillin with my brother 
@AriesVenusStarr chillin n nt sleepin 
@RobbyTakac LOL, makes me think of that old saying... if the room is rockin' don't come knockin'... just a small earthquake 
@polargemini rockin! You can get me a latte someday 
@KCstreetteam  Already a member. Luv y'all!!!  (via @twallichs) k awesome
@MrFaMouSJ mornin j 
goin to go on c.p in 15mins 
@JadeLovesJB walkin down your street now  x
@koduckgirl ...workin' on it eye sware!! 
goin to bed. gettin up early tomm. goodnight 
R U goin 2 promote my vids 1 of these dayssss??? I've heard sumthin like that? 
Goodmorning  How y'all doin'? :p I'm going to get some food now xD bye &lt;3
@saltyshutter mornin'!  You good? 
doin' homework in de back yard, in bikini in the sun! How great is that?! 
@souljaboytellem heyy  how r u doin?
@laubow_ ohhh a picnic in the woods sounds fuuuuun! 
@bubblegarm good mornin 
@BaybieeNatNat  it was worth it  and im watchin this mornin pretty borin man
goin to mannheim later... and happy that my new headphones can be connected with my mobile  it's so damn exciting...
@djdoitbig workin on the next hit 
@dravenreborn lookin' 4 wrd to see it 
Yesterday was fun, eatin B&amp;J in the sun, with my baby. &lt;3  about to go to the gym now.. &amp; waitin for sunday to come 
No hot water, so just had a cold shower. Brrrrr... 
sittin here when i really should be gettin ready to go to woking  i feel buyin new pj bottoms is a must. ahh pj week 
@djreddz aw shucks! you know the feeling is mutual 
@marielinton It's awesome that you're true to yourself. I am too, don't get me wrong.. But I'm just like, lookin at the similarities. 
after glow  feelin placid.
gettin crunk in k-town!!  
@vemana ya we shud keep doin it often !!! its so relievin 
cutting the ties, drinkin the starbizzle, watchin my babe sleep, listening to 15 step by radiohead... relieved. 
chillin n killin at Steves house... Riyanis lissup twas quite good 
http://twitpic.com/61cag - @clarkrichard rockin the basement!! 
home. talkin with sherri. messin around on myspace.  might workout before bed? who knows..
@jordanknight ummm...because you da jam! 
Gnite y'all!!  sleep tight, dont let the bed bugs bite!! &lt;3333 ya
@AlyssaDiaz &amp; @jeanxtrisha I'mma go out now, super hot and I want to cool off in the bedroom. xoxo!!!!! 
sittin at home on myspace and twittering  ha
home chillin....hittin up victorville mall with my bro tomorow to go shoppin for grad night  hmu
chillin watchin some disney 
@chuy1195 haha  ily what r u doin?
@rapping_fa t'was fun hangin'...hope you made it where you wanted to be tonite 
#unfollowdiddy is takin over!...lol 
At home gettin my grub on and watching flaor of love 
@questlove lol  enjoyin it papi?!
http://twitpic.com/65v0f - me &amp; baybayyy ridin dirtayy w/ the top down! ha 
@cjarmbruster I wish I made that up lol its from a song that I can't stop listenin 2 
@lfredman youre right, scratch that! lovin bein me 
@Future_BrandNu sure! small or big?  lovin the trax u sent me! thanks again!!
goin OUT 
SNAPPPP! The hip hop tap dance was hecka tight!! 
@GCofOBM well ima start kickin it with u 
gettin kinda sleepy.. maybe goin shoppin with beck in indiana tomorrow. concert in 3 days 
@souldelasol I have a feelin you have some natural skillz...we should team up  haha
goin 2 bed! goodnight tweeps! 
@AndrewKungPhoto workin on it, the new mix is blazin! 
@bellafira woah hang there....you can do it 
@lifecoach awww...shucks  well, it's good to be back online...
goin 2 bed now .. FINALLY lolz 
finally graduated!! ballin! 
@sonecessary good lookin out 
mornin peeps i'm back again  and it looks like its going to be one hell of beautiful long weekend!
@Xxpodex m goin to matheran...... d hill station near mumbai...... 
@Graciouskisay i refuse to help, ur wearin ed hardy LOL 
@paparazziprncss Just makin sure 
