Most common words for this cluster:
[('good', 1362), ('morning', 738), ('night', 267), ('day', 245), ('today', 161), ('everyone', 158), ('luck', 117), ('work', 71), ('time', 65), ('tomorrow', 63), ('thing', 55), ('world', 48)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Good', 0.9998923540115356), (u'Bad', 0.6176255345344543), (u'good', 0.5618909597396851), (u'Decent', 0.5172849893569946), (u'LAKE_WYLIE_Largemouth_Bass', 0.5050326585769653), (u'Better', 0.5045495629310608), (u'Awful', 0.48919621109962463), (u'Excellent', 0.48284032940864563), (u'Perfect', 0.4787592589855194), (u'bad', 0.47234922647476196)]





Good morning, hope everyone is feeling better than me.... this cold has really got hold now 
Good morning at work  don't wanna be there fuckit another day another dollar!!!
Good morning fellow tweets, there is allot of spamers on here.    but thats ok, I'll just get rid of them.
Kelly Good morning fellow tweets, there is allot of spamers on here.  but thats ok, I'll just get rid of them. http://ff.im/1Y9yn
why does it have to be cold? why do i have to be awake??  oh well Good morning all
@PhilonBOB Good morning to all of you!!  Who won the birthday game?  Cannot get you on my radio at my desk 
Good morning world. Another cold day. 
@jenscloset Good for you!  I think I'll live the rest of my life driving a mini van 
Good morning cloudy day  I hate cold spring morning !!
Good turnout for the party! I'm so out of it though, kinda just in my world for some reason  I guess I have too much on my mind
Good morning. On my way to the funeral of a good friend's daughter  
Good morning!!!!.....rainy day..  no climbing today...
Good morning! just helping otu to clean the house... 
Good morning mi gente. I got the bad case of allergys  no bueno
Good morning saturday !!! ...ehh spring break is almost over 
Good morning tweeps im running a bit late 
ok, I am done twitting...got to get in bed.  Good night.
@dancerboy89 it's true. Good thing i have my stephen pillow! ...it's losing its stephen-ness though 
Good morning. I have to go out to the coldness....  It's -4.... unbelievable! As soon as I graduate I'm going back to the south.
I'm sad bc @iamdiddy is the only reason I got twitter and he doesn't reply!  Good night folks!
Going to bed with a bad migraine. Good night everybody. 
Congrats to @anyasnader for her confirmation! Good night my firends. I have to be up soon  
Good day, bad night  don't know what to do now exactly..shoot.
Good morning everyone! Where has the sun gone? 
Good morning, everyone! Uahg, I feel like I'm heading toward a bad cold... 
Good morning tweets!!!!! On my way to my photoshoot!!!! And only slept for 4hrs!!!!! 
wants to go for a swim... too bad I don't have a pool   Good morning everyone!!
Good times with old friends last night... and now I need to run a marathon to work off all the beer... 
Good morning!!! I thinl the rain is on the way here 
Good morning world! a hot and sunny day in socal and I am indoors slaving away 
Good morning twits &lt;3 such a beautiful day...too bad I'm sick 
Good morning ! Last day of spring break. 
Morning everyone! actually Good afternoon! hahaha...just got up. gotta get ready for work 
Good lists so far today... But still a shit day overall. 3 hours to go, aargh 
Good morning world!! 8.42 am here and it's always raining 
Good night weeked..... Good morning Monday...... 
Good morning to you, too, @Toxophilist - it is indeed a glorious day. I will admire through office window 
Good morning! I love this getting tweets on my phone woke up to 46 texts lol. But idk how well im going to do with no computer till fri 
Good morning everyone, I am gonna to have salmon today! and get ready to go to work 
Good morning twitters! How come our weekdays go so slow but weekends go so fast 
Good morning everybody. Its raining up here 
Good morning world! I feel like shit but i have to go to school! Wish me luck! 
@Seamonkey86 Good Good just getting through paperwork 
Good morning everyone, yep another shitty day 
Good morning all tweeters, yes i knew this weekend's weather wouldn't last..  so sad back to another 3 days of rain and thunderstorms
Good morning guys! I'm still tired... 
Good day and goodnight. miss my bitty 
Good day, nice weather, bad mood. 
@Zycban Good luck ..I just hope the trains later today don't pull the same stunt 
Good morning all looks like i'll be off the bike today but doing claims in the car 
Good morning tweetheads. the suns shining again, but I got to do spreadsheets 
Good way early morning my tweeps! I wanna go back to bed, but thatwould be bad on my part 
Good morning twitter. I'm sooo tireddd. 
Driving to la... So tired!  I hope I get to sleep in holding. Wish me luck to get there in one piece. Good morning!
@cpritch  Good morning, no sun here its gone behind a big dark cloud 
Good night with friends. Missing my marty though.  night peeps
Good morning! At work again today  I wanna go home!
Good night endin 4 a day that didnt start out how I wanted it. Thanks guys. busy day tomorrow, and I'll probably only get 5 hrs of sleep 
@QUICNTEAZ Good morning sweetums!! I missed u yesterday 
@spldrttngrl That's true. Good luck with the &quot;accident&quot; thing, I think it works better for girls. Never has worked for me. 
Good morning...work today  tired from last night, but it was fun...anyway how is everyone?? I miss u all
On the way home from dinner. Good nite even though I was sick 
Good morning! Its beautiful out..sucks I got work 
Good morning twitter. I had an amazing dream last night. I wish it didnt have to end 
Good morning. I feel awful today. The past few nights I've slept, but not felt rested when I wake. Last night I had unsettling dreams. 
Good morning twitter land!.....so i didnt have enough sleep... dang! n we're not done with the cupcakes! 
Good morning everyone! I think I had food poisoning   I'm feeling much better today but not at 100% quite yet
@missbrandii Good, I gotta do a lot of manual labor here in a minute 
Just spent an hr on hte phone to my best mate in spain, miss her so much   Good excuse to org a weekend out too see her and family :oD
@decoystars there's no autosave? that sucks  Good night!!!
Good morning  I've got terrible hay fever 
Good morning all. I'm trying to stay away from the pooter today due to headaches 
@jordanknight OK!! still waiting on the explanation!!. Good job I didn't get up at stupid o'clock to see the meaning of 'tink'....  
Good run this morning (15s ascent time, won't mean much but good), got work to do today as well so probably no coding, boo! 
Good morning everyone!! Today is beautiful so far, but it's suppose to rain. 
Good morning twitters!! What are your plans today?  It's a dreary day 
Good morning people... I hate sunday... 
Good morning! We'll be hanging around the house today since all of the kids are slightly sick. Not really sick but sick enough. 
I miss my zouk dance lessons  &amp; miss my crazy but great dance teacher : http://ncane.com/ct6 Good thing i'm going to a party next week!
where's my sunshine?    Good time for a cup of hot tea and honey and a blanket.
Evening naps = late nights  Good morning, tweethearts A funderful week to you all
Good morning @all.I feel like s... today  
Good morning! I missed some tweets again...  (why does this thing only load 200 new tweets?)
Good afternoon, back work from holiday, today is tired! 
Good morning all, I have had no contact from anyone this morning, how sad 
Good morning tweeters. I look like shit today.  i'm glad it's not tuesday today.
Good morning twitter fam! am home this morning feeling sick 
Good morning tweeters...man I don't feel like going to work tonight!   I gotta play the lotto or something. LOL
Good morning! At the gym, hitting balls is ify with rain looming 
Good morning, getting ready for a day back at school 
Good morning....at work and i am just not feelin it today. the rain + not much sleep = a horrible day at the job. wanna be sleep!!!!! 
Oh I am so gonna hate camp, (think positive ash) At least now I have a camera, that can only take 144 photos  oh well Good night (morning)
@EvilSue I saw.  Shits on the others there!  Good luck!  I got up too late to shoot mine, think getting flu 
@rgoodchild Goodheaven's mother;s day wishes come in all sorts of ways.  Good and badhttp://bit.ly/jBsZB
I miss &quot;him&quot;  6/8 can't come fast enough. I patiently await his arrival knowing just how bless'd I am. &quot;Good things come 2 those who wait&quot;
Good night; see you in three and a half hours for moving day 
Good morning, I look sneaky today 
Good morning! Even though it's afternoon... I hate sleeping in this late, but it was necessary 
@_T_a_y_ lol. Good for you. Am on a 8 hour bus journey. And don't have any sexy flt attendants 
I miss my madre.  stupid oklahoma. Good thing I'll see her next month though!
Good morning!!! got a lot of things to do today  no tweets till 3pm?? i think so.. =(
So sad sometimes...  Good morning everybody!
Good chat with a friend... Trying to find something to watch because I never sleep well on these nights... 
Good morning, I wish I was off work today  just had a bagel and going to get ready for my run!
Awwww man i've been forgetting to tweet.  well... Good night.
I can't get used to waking up lafter 6.30 am yet . And I have a very sore throat. I should really visit a doctor..again  Good morning
@nickybyrneoffic Good luck with the game..  so totally gutted cant be there,  and dont forget the twitpic later ;-) its really easy!
Good morning tweeple, In the office early this morning  In need of some inspiration!
Good morning world. The winter is back 
Good morning my fellow tweeters..i'm bummed its rainy n cold out today..always on my day off from work  ..hope u all have a nicer day..
Good morning everyone. I really don't want to get out of bed this morning 
Good morning. What the fuck am I doing awake?  ugh.
Good morning, nice day out, I'm stuck in work 
Good morning, good morning! I'm exhausted. And it feels like friday, but it's not. 
@danlesserinc - I have to get up early to head to my &quot;day job&quot; tomorrow.   Hopefully, will be fully self employed soon, as well..Good luck
Good morning tweetah! Only have couple hours of sleep.... 
Good morning twitterainians how are we all doing this fine morning, I myself have to head off to work in 15 mins 
@theboomtube fair enough. It's 8:44pm here and all I want to do is sleep.  Good luck with the sleep!
Good morning everyone. It seems as though we had a sad turn of events - the music droids revolted at the country music &amp; self-destructed. 
Good morning! It is almost the end  I really want to hang out with people before we all go our separate ways...
No skyline  so crowded on a nice sunny afternoon. Good enough excuse for a second visit
Good morning everyone, ah monday morning , my favourite 
Good morning dear folloWers. The sun is shining on monday after a rainy week end 
I'm sic and can't stop coughing.  oh yeah, and I'm bored.  Good thing is, we all get a day off skewl 2moro 'cos of a teacher strike.
Good weekend turned bad and now school tomorrow 
I'm amazed at how everyone can move on so easy. I know I need to but I don't want to. Good sunday but I miss having my girlfriend  sucks
Good morning. Another dark day - rain 
Good morning world. I have emerged from the dead. Didnt sleep well last nite 
Good morn  my body saying sleep in but got school flo observation smh
Good morning.. way to early! 
Good morning Tweets! It's still raining - rained all yesterday and looks like it will do the same today - makes me tired 
LOL at the bomb scare at school, oh dear oh dear! Good job i am tucked up in bed at home. But i want to go out and buy more clothes 
Good morning peeps, celtics lost last night 
Good morning tweeps! I might not be able to tweet much today, woke up with a very bad cold, fever &amp; body aches... I just want my bed 
Good morning twitter world. P.s. I miss them 
Good morning monday!  ugh.
Good morning friends good morning Tani is cranky today very crannnnkkkyy  eff Mondays too!! - Good morning friend... http://bit.ly/H2Hdw
Good news...my son has 2nd degree bronchitis and not swine flu...bad news my cat has the start of a kidney disease 
Good morning. what a start..sister-in-law broke her tooth in our dressing room.. 
@dreamer7231 what? what happened?hope you throwed up for fun reasons and not for illness  Good luck with the exam tomorrow!!!
Just got home. Good afternoon, although I forgot to get my lightbulb. 
Good morning to you all. Not feeling well today 
Good morning,sick 
@_bmoney Good way to ruin your perfect body baby.  I love you, hope you're sleeping good.
@kirstyjean Good luck!  But... does this mean the end of fascinating social insect facts? 
Good morning...not a great day yesterday...my jeep broke down  
Good mornin errbody bouta go take my neice to school then ill b back then at 9 gotta go to work huh im tired lol 
So, nothing special about my birthday.  Good try, but just another day.  
Our last program is today. The K4's are moving up!!! Good luck in kinder!!! I sure do miss teaching kinder  but I won't miss these kids.
Good morning tweets... I'm at the airport waiting 4 my flight pray 4 me I don't like flying 
Good morning. It's warm outside, but the sun is gone! 
@donielle I feel your pain re: the laundry... I have a truck load to do this weekend  Good luck
Good morning. I don't want to go to school today 
Feeling sick again! I hope its just a bug and not whatever i had last time! Good night 
Good afternoon Twerts! I'm satying at home. Thanks to the fever and........the rashes. 
want to code for some time, but must go to sleep  Good night
@theother66 don't know of anyone  I would find it so interesting to study that. Good idea for a uni assignment.....
Good no test today,  but i have one tomorrow and the next day 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Good day! I can send some pics if you wish. I cant upload more pics here for some reason  I will send you my ...
I should go kennel the dogs and then go to bed since I have to get up early for school  Good night everybody!!!
@immaterialdepth  Good luck with your paper.  It's awful doing anything with a migraine.
is going to bed now cause I really dont feel well right now  Good night everyone
Good morning everyone!!! I'm so tired!   want to sleep but the school will begin in 30 minutes...
3d layers in after effects at 11pm. Good times! I wish these 50 photoshop layers would respond quicker though 
Good morning my sexy twitter how's yall doing??? I'm gd but it's like 7:49am n I still wanna sleep 
Good night twitter friends - I'm nodding off at the 'puter 
Good morning/afternoon/night to all.....studying as usual! 
@GregDigneo: Your mail server just rejected a simple, plain reply to you as potential spam/virus threat. Not Good 
Good mornin &amp; no u tol twitter LOL but I knew &amp; called u yesterday 2 see if u were okay but no answer  how r u feelin babe?
I was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  Good thing I got an early rest last night!
@wood83   Does she like it, or does she roll her eyes?  Now I'm curious as hell!  Good singing is a real treat as far am I'm concerned!
@JonathanRKnight Good morning! Aww, sorry that you were stuck in the airport for 12 hours!! 
@jroberson4 Good luck at the services tomorrow!! I wish I could see you guys on your vacation! 
@justinderekrich Good morning nyc! If I weren't broke, I would have landed there yesterday afternoon. 
Good am all..: hanging out with ma dad 2day, looking for a job still.. 
Appreciation lunch at work. Good food! But sucks being here on my day off lol 
@phxnerd sorry you didn't make it  Good luck next time though!
@james__buckley Good for you mate, sadly I couldnt get pissed tonight fucking driving bad times 
@SpringWestEnd i cant believe you are closing 2moro and ive never had a chance to see the show  Good luck to everyone - you are all stars!
@brookeburke Good for you, have a glass of red for me too... I'm jealous, I have to study for work tomorrow so need to lay off the red 
Good very early morning all!  @littleh77 I didn't see 2nite  hope u had a good one x
They don't have any &quot;Looks Good/Feels Good&quot; shirts.  I waaaaant one.
@thereisaseason okay - sorry I couldn't be of more help.  Good luck...
Good bye everyone I'm off to hawaii for a week and I won't have my phone so no twitter 
Good night...work early in the morning 
Good nite twitter bugs im off to bed have to get up early tomorrow      xo.C
@TraceyMmm Good night girlie i always seem to miss you at nights! Makes me sad 
Good morning everyone... Driving my parents to the airport 
Good morning, my faithful followers!  I feel awful 
Good morning another day of work 
@copax Good luck with the date, I wanted chinese yesterday too, but the wife wouldn't let me 
@pancakes4life Good luck with the move Pancakes.....If you need help let me know. I'm off today but work tomorrow  I have cheap labor too!
Good night now. Going to cemetery tomorrow to visit grandma and grandpa 
Good morning twitters! Up to start the day 
7:26am...hella awake....wtf? Good morning n shhhit tweeps....whatever...I'm tired. 
@jbristowe It's only a summer job, so it's about $1000 they're taking off of me. Good refund when I need it. I'm still on stage 1... 
Good morning twitterville, I feel awful when I sleep late  but I culdnt sleep last night. *sigh*
Good morning boys and girls. So hungry 
Good afternoon twitters just got up. what can I  do today I'm so tired of being bored 
Good morning all, today I have to go help my cousin put cement outside her house, sucks  I don't like hard labor
Good morning everyone. I've got a cold.  http://plurk.com/p/x8spt
Loading all my contacts manually into my phone because I was with bell... No sim card  Good texting practice though...
Good season Nuggets    happy birthday sissy &lt;3
My day officially sucks now! Sure wish I could indulge in a large plate of nachos and big bowl of ice cream. Good Ol'Days 
@wilsonpix Good luck!  You'll do fine.  Your pictures are awesome!  I forgot to come look at your e-mail.  
1.5 hrs into getting my hair done.. 2.5 more to go! Good lawd I wish I could lay on a bed while they do this shit!!! 
@domipheus Good for you! I tried to here, but (!) as it's a holiday, people went mental and got all the yum stuff before i got off work 
Good morning.  We might get snow today.  And winter doesn't even start until tomorrow.  And my central heating is still two weeks away 
@Whiskeypete yeah forreal! Good horror movies are foreign, sadly hollywood makes shit scary movies 
So wack that I'm missing my homies farewell bbq!!  shout to Sharema... Good luck in ur new career move...
What a terrible day on the links couldn't hit the broadside of a barn  worst round in a month.  Good thing i had a lesson and we fixed it!
Good night world, I really don't want to get up at 6 am for my lacrosse game tomorrow. 
today is the last bad food day... then its back to just the chai.  Good bye sugar/fat/simple carbs 
@calebrothe I hear ya on that. Good day trumped by bad baseball game 
Good morning earthlings. It's another sunny day... shame I gotta work 
@thespyglass I'm sorry I can't sponsor you again this year.    Being w/o a job sucks.  Good luck woman!
Good ole thai food at thai express sans bear..  
Good mor- ting... I dragged my ass outta bed (literally) n now I'm headin 2 work 4 da next 11hrs or so 
Good evening morphing to bad evening whilst waiting-waiting.. 
doesn't feel so good. Good evening everybody. (sick)  http://plurk.com/p/xe9j4
Good morning. About to hit the road to head back to tallahassee. I never knew it would be so hard to say to goodbye to him  i dont wa ...
Good morning everyone! I am at work  wishing to be still in bed!
Good morning so tired wish I could stay nd sleep on but got to work 
Good morning ... some gentle music for my honey's sore head.   ? http://blip.fm/~7dfjw
@dannyj42 rumour has it its gna rain  sorry! Good luck, see u in manc x
Good times last night, but i think they came with the flu. I'll be in bed.  
Good mornin ya'll...There ain't nothin like wakin up with a sinus infection. This is goin to be a fun day 
Good morning everybody! I'm breaking out! U can play connect the dots on my face 
Hellooooooooooo, thunder &amp; lightning  [o shet] electricity gone/dippin...Good byeeeeee, thunder &amp; lightning!! mudda skunt jed!! smt ugh 
@angela_gmb I think it's normal; email after the vacation is the worst  Good luck; hope you had enough fun that it won't matter though.
Good evening everyone  havent learnt my lesson and have ended up even more sunburnt  how is everyone else? xxx
Good bye tweets. I'm gone from twitter  still luv y'all ........
@GrantMc Lol nice one. Good time? I've no been up in loch lomond for ages 
@nicky_t a pebble beach though  painful after a short while! Good weekend-o?
@benthechaser Good man. You know your stuff. Also, are we ever gonna have a real conversation? 
@mileycyrus Good luck! I went to vote a few hours ago but the polls were already closed and the site wouldn't let me register. 
Bad news: In the car going home  Good news: 4 more days of school and 2 more days of classes
ok, i think 3.15 am is a good hour to go to sleep, even i don't want to!  Good night!!!
@DWsRoseC Good for you......mine will have already passed  No extra b-day luvin for moi!! lol
Good morning ... ruff morning 
Good morning, school back today  new timetable. Wish me luck ^^
Good morning tweaple, kids fed now time for uniforms, and after a week of no school run today is not a welcome return 
So tired and sad. I gonna go to bed and emo in my sleep. Good afternoon and good bye to a C 
To all those with exams today.. Good luck and relax... I got another 10days till my 1st .. You will all be finished.. 
Good morning.........making the breakfast and trying to get everybody ready and I have no coffee.       Strong tea instead .
@REALiiiTY get home safe! Good times in the pod wit all the ghost stories now I can't sleep  lol
Good morning! Finals today... 
Good morning. Its 46 degrees out   And where did the weekend go?! I still need more sleep!
Good morning twppl..the count down to the end of school begins. 
my throat kills. i think it's the over-consumption of alcohol  On a brighter note, it's another sunshiney day. Good.
@LightFoundDark Good morning! now its off too school! 
Good morning everybody! Unforyunately, I had to take down my picture recently because I have been working some undercover assignments 
Good golly long night. Couldn't sleep.  on the phone w phone company hate this music Wtf Wtf
Good morning driven w/out my ipod.  so sad. But still a good mornin tryin to mak it bac for wrk gotta pay dat rent
Good morning. I can't believe it's monday. The weekend went by way to fast 
@thesiegster wow, that is amazing.  Good job man.  I joined your challenge today, I posted a reply but I don't see it on the list.. 
Good morning world, goodbye mullet. 
Good job last night at the awards twilight cast . pretty sad nikki wasn't there . 
Going to be offline most of the day tomorrow.  tough. Good night.
@diana31380 Good! I was crossing my fingers for you! Yes, I'm working til 9pm. 
I'm off to sleep..it's 11:20pm... gotta wake up at 6:30am!  Good night Twitters =D
@MariaMcmillan Good idea lol! think i'll be doing some art revision tomorrow too 
Good grief... is that the time?? But I've only finished one section of my case study!!  'tis the biggest section tho...
Good morning twitterz! Productive weekend .. working on ideas 4 2 new songs.  Right now got a sore throat - winter ills  urrgh 
@theiancrawford i wish you didnt want to leave the cab  i still love you! Good luck with everything, i hope i get to meet you someday!
@cesarnoel had two bowls today, but no results     Good lookin' out @cesarnoel
Good morning. almost time to head for school again  ..  let's grab some coffee first
Good morning On the way to school  but only 3 houers juhu  german , history,  french and FREETIME 
Good morning! waiting for her parents to say byebye #caus they are driving home 
Good morning my lovely friends, again a new workday. I'm sitting here, drink my morning coffee and later I'm at work. 
@lewisbostock Failed miserably on the 1st day of diet. Good start weetbix, then butter chicken for lunch and casserole &amp; bread for tea 
Good morning. day 2 #quitsmoking...an kai gia #fail to vlepo pali 
Oh my, the work I did for this week's update was out of date by the time it went live. Good job work  I'm redoing it now 
Good morning twitter looks like I'm off to work today 
Good  night/morning, busy day today  and I am not happy camper 
Good morning tweety birds.. Another day, another dollar, and I guess I should expect to come home in pain since I close tonite 
Good afternoon everyone. Is anyone attending E3? I wish I was there 
Good morning twitfam. I have to take daughter to the doctors her tummy hurts   a mothers wrk is never done.  http://myloc.me/2m1Z
Good morning! I have to go in early today for tech apps 
I forgot to say &quot;'Night Twits&quot; last night ... I fell asleep on the couch quite suddenly ... I have a crick in my neck.    Good mornin' ...
@gg_the_undead Good girl. Always nice to be joined in the #tuesdaytantrum. But sorry your leg is still bad. 
Good morning stuffy nose, sore throat and achy body...please go away soon 
Good morning all, I am without beard this morning....it's a sad day 
@moviegirl09 Good today, but it is back to work this morning. 
At work. And I forgot my breakfast banana  I also forgot my fresh strawberries !  Good thing I keep an emergency pop tart in my drawer!!
Good morning twit fam..please pray I make it thru this day, I did not sleep at all. It was a rough night 
Such a nice morning!!! Good workout...now work in an hour. 
Good morning tweeple bout to get ready for class my 2nd day of summer school  smh this sucks
Good morning! working from home today, I have to run some errands today, too bad I have plate restriction on my car 
Good morning! Lots of issues with the coffee this morning. our big coffee machine has taken the day off, little coffee maker overflowed 
@jemappellekim No-one ever wants to stay up with me.  Good night!
Good morning! busy day today.i really just want to hang out outside,but grandma wants cleaning done 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Good day! Can you tell me more about yourself? I cant upload more pics here for some reason  I can send you  ...
Good morning all, gonna go to school in a min,i don't wanna leave my bed,it's soooo cold in my room I wanna go sleep insted 
Good morning! I really need to learn how to sleep for more than a few hours at a time 
Good morning world!  I have to go to work in a bit, but I wish I was still in my tent 
Good morning to the world... had a bad night, twice woke up with heavy nosebleed - what's not a good thing... 
Good start to the day. Just ran over a squirrel. 
ahhhh... Nothing like waking up to the sound of ur dog puking in ur bed. Good morning to u too winston 
is Good morning, what happened to the sky?  http://plurk.com/p/y3ho6
Good freaking morning! I'm totally sleep texting, walking, etc. NOT a morning person. Yawnnnnn 
Good morning world, time to work 
Good mornigan!! At work, looks like a slow day 
Good morning guys, gotta get to the office early to search for papers from 2004 in storage 
...Good thing we have LOTS of college ministry taking place at 2-year schools.  #sarcasm
@rogueevents Good point. But what if this is the last one. As in last season and they don't do any more  hmmm oh well i can only hope.
@Live720 I'm in the middle of my exams right now  I finish the 17th and hopefully then I'll be able to enjoy a 3month vacation! Good luck!
Good morning. I slept so good last night. I wish I was still in bed 
Good morning everyone!!! this morning I woke up with a really really bad dream!! 
Good morning peeps! Just getting up thinking about what the da has n store for me! I kno peeps were calling me b4 10 am  that's not wussu
Good morning everyone! Today I get no walk, even though its really nice out today  but mom is going to do training with me instead
@h33nah Good luck with that my friend. I know its not an easy thing to do 
@joeymcintyre @JonathanRKnight @dannywood You speak when one sleep and you will lie down when one rises   Good night and full with kisses
No one i work for is here! Good thing this is a half day. 
@HautTotes Good luck! I tried that last week and only lasted about one day because I have no willpower and sugar is my master. 
After a 10 day road trip and a week of catching up, no steps until today     Good thing my legs knew what to do but took it slow...
 I sooo wanna see hangover... Uuugh, well its still gonna b a good friday... Good tings a gwan tonight  http://myloc.me/2Imd
@angelixd Good point.  I did have a blog once, but I eventually shut it down because most of the people who read it sent me hate mail 
@americanadian sorry Sheils, won't be able to make it this time   Good luck, tho! 
5 hours overtime tonight, and still going. Good for the budget, bad for my knees, feet, and #WoW habit and I miss my @brdwychick and kids 
Good night..I've got to be going I sleep now  I have a very early start tomorrow...ugh sooo...good night tweeplys
@Ratspeaker Good job today. Sucks I cant show up tommarow  alas I am stuck with a bunch of 16 years olds. but it was fun hangin with ya.
Another boring weekend  Good thing I have my music.
@JamesMurphy wow 8 months of emergency funds! Good job on having 5, I gotta try to get to 1 
Good night world!! I miss my neice  !
Good night everyone!!! I'm tired as hell and this sleep gon go by reeeaaaal quick!! Uggghhhh...its my own fault though 
Good morning,everyone! Just reag the latest tweets ..and I'm not happy that there where NO steamboats  ..gonna have some breakfast now! 
Good morning,everyone! Just read the latest tweets ..and I'm not happy that there where NO steamboats  ..gonna have some breakfast now! 
Good morning got woking up by the post man 
Good morning twiends i am sooo overly exhausted  its not even funny!! at work right now trying not to fall asleep...
Good morning all, saturday... half day work 
Good morning twitterverse! I'm keeping my son home, he was going to grandmas with his cousins. He's been ill overnight, poor little guy! 
Good night out last night, now back to work 
Good morning! Its cloudy and only n tha 70`s here no beach 4 me 
Good morning tweeter bugs! Hoping to have a great day at work even though im going to be stuck there all day 
Good morning. I don't believe I twittered at all yesterday 
@Jaylien2010 Good morning, it's almost evening in scandinavia, and under +10 degrees of celsius outside which is too cold for me 
Good morning! I hate that feeling when you feel the sniffles coming on  I'm gonna let it get me!
@indii093 Good job someone is tweeting! And about the job situation, I KNOW there's NOTHING anywhere 
@poppy_dog oh no  so how do you get over having it done now. Good job you dad was there
so tired. Good day out with friends though. No winners 
Good morning thunderstorm 
My external hard drive just died. Good thing I back up to an online service, but damn I had a terabyte of movies ripped to it. 
Good morning world. How are we today?. . . I'm still tired 
Just watched hotel for dogs with my girll after doing 6 hours of regents studying. Good movie. I cried but not as much as marley and me 
Good night everybody..! W out phone yet..! 
Good night twitterverse...feelin tired n drained 
Good night, goodbye austin.  
So I guess this is just another night for me to miss you guys. Good night 
Good morning ;)  I am a bit sick 
@Jirad13 no quiere revivir  asi es que me voy a dormir... Good night and sweet dreams 
Good morning for the last time 
Why does it have to rain?! Good week of sun. Now rain 
@mars_d Good morning friend  !! well thanks !! where are your boots??my are in the rubbish! were broken  see you later!!
Good morning followers, its not a nice day today, the rain is out, and its cold 
Good morning all....cleaning time....then gym...gloomy sunday  
Good morning everybody. The weather is a let down 2day as per yesterday. It's been raining all weekend. 
Absolutely dead. So not looking forward to this week  Good night! X
Good morning my twitter family! How's it going? I'm at work right now--tired. And to make matter worse I'm 1 of 2 ppl  that means busy!!
woohoo free drink upgrades with combos at sonic. Good thing. I forgot my cooler with my bottled water 
@sethcaskey awe! I won't be there.  I've been sick all week so i'm resting up. Good luck and have fun!!!
Good morning fellows  sometimes I wanted to be an early bird, I'm almost asleep...hate snoring brothers. 
Good weekend, but actually knackered now : i need another day to sleep 
Good morning folks. I'm still so tired  lol
@nkirchmar and I changed it again...bwahah...I have no idea why my picture went away  I'll have to put another one up!  Good job in math!
@liveonmars lol! Good for you on the jog, I skipped it today. So I'm sure I feel it tomorrow. 
@NicWilko Your going to kill me... I forgot my digital camera only a disposible  Good day at whatever comics?
Good morning tweets!! The weekend is almost over 
Car broke down  Good thing its only a few blocks away from home. Pushing the car home is my exercise for the day I guess? Lol.
well... I'll ho to bed very tierd.  It was a hard weekend tomorrow school  see you tomorrow Good night tweeter world
Who ha. Good sleep but scary dreams about roaches. There was billions on them . 
glad my daddy is alright  Good thing I didnt watch the fourwheeler flip on him.
Good bye batman 5,6, and 7.  i'm just going to stop buying anymore fish
After a productive day it's time for bed! I really don't want to go to work tomorrow   Good night, sleep tight!!
Going to call it a night falling asleep at the keyboard and mouse is all over  Good night everyone
I think I'm coming down with a sore throat....   I hope not.   I need more rest and less stress.  Good night
Good weather in town this morning - thunderstorms later though 
Good morning/afternoon/evening/night  it's raining  xoxo
Good morning everyone, just had a coffee and made my 'to do' list, better get on and 'do' it now! It's very long. 
Good morning. I stayed up too late watching that movie 
@RenLucy I chose sleep/lazing about over the party down there  Good luck today!
Good news, I've a saved version which just lacks the most important part of the table... but has everything else intus 
Good morning twitterville!! On my way to work 
Good morning! I should not be up this early  I feel like crap and now I have to go work with kids for eight hours...Wish me luck!
Good morning! Another work week 
Good morning!..getting ready to run some errands...but before I go I have to make sure my niece is comfortable...she's not feeling well 
Good morning twitter!! No work for me today cuz my car in the body shop cuz I had a accident over the weekend!  picking up my rental
@drenee1026 The link is broken    But I'll check into it.  Good job on the boarding pass!  You're kinda awesome!
Good morning my twitter darlings. The sun made a brief cameo this morning and had me hyped then ran back into hiding  time for breakfast
Good morning, twitties! (: getting ready for summer school 
While going to through my purse to find nail clippers I found a hole in the lining.    Good news is I found almost $5 in change. 
While going through my purse to find nail clippers, I found a hole in the lining.    Good news is I dug out almost $5 in change. 
@sunnygirl82 I'd recommend speaker phone or a headset. You might be on hold awhile  Good luck!
Getting electric turned on at a house on top of starving.. Good morning 
Good morning today I dont feel anything right 
Good morning my lovelies! Apparantely, people with lifted trucks think they can just drive right through stop signs into people.  ouch 
@LilTanLines @emdeezee @JensCamaro Good morning everyone.  I still have a cold  so if ya don't hear from me much this week....
I'm going to bed with a heavy heart. Good night world. I pray tomorrow will be a much better day. 
Good morning everyone--woke up at 10 wait WHOOPS its 12  http://plurk.com/p/115zl7
hell a lot of things are left to read..  feeling sleppyy (1:30 am) .. Good night everyone
Good morning! i'm still awake! No time to sleep! 
@MixEdMaMi619 why are u guys moving anyways? Good luck must be a pain in the ass 
Good night everyone.  I have to work tomorrow, so no Nmm news till six.  
Good news is I got new passports for the whole family, bad news is my new surname is Zhusupov 
Good night. my brother is a computer hog. 
Good morning....or not....its mornings but its not good 
Good thing I checked my schedule for tomorrow. I would have been a hour and a half late. Not good. And no luck shopping today 
sore from my workout....I think I overdid it  I need a massage. Hopefully a good nite's rest will do me some good. Good night world!
Good morning everyone, it's gonna be a nice day today so yay for the uk it's only 68 degrees though   http://twitpic.com/7j2d3
Good morning all...the lovely sunshine helps me to forget I haven't slept for coughing all night 
@kyarorin YIKES you definitely are having a rough day. I hope yours passes. Good luck. 
I don't want to go to bed but I will be fucking awful tomorrow if I don't. Especially if I'm getting ill.  Good night 
Good morning... another day in hell...  to the study room for me.
Good morning!  now it's time for school 
Good evening, twitter :-D im still working on my revision though 
@e_noir  Good luck hun, hope you get something sorted x
Good morning, world! It's supposed to be rainy and thunderstorms the rest of the week so I guess I won't be focusing on painting. 
@DegaDeals Good morning! It's overcast and rainy here. Looks like it's going to be that way much of the week. 
Good morning....I can't find my sweater  come out come out where ever u are....about to miss my bus if I don't find it.
Good morning! I had a great #run yesterday followed by a disappointing loss in my flag football game  We dropped too many passes!
Good morning till my bf spilled cofee in my car last night and didn't tell me ! So inconsiderate 
@Peckinpaw hmm, interesting, but unlikely. Good convo tho. I hope to launch my own webcomic in 2010 but no clue how to profit from it. 
@db0y8199 Good Good! anotha LA trip is delayed 
Good shower, but have figured that I have no friends  sad times.
Good morning! Doesnt feel like going to school. 
@jschairer  damn roofers. The wine does work...But watch out for that crazy hangover! Good luck
@lmwarren85 Good night! At this time 2mrw, we'll be far away from each other! 
Off to sketch in bed, hoping my ultramatic bed will soothe my aching back with the massage option  Good night all.
Good night @nvncyble....I guess you'll call me back when you can pencil me in between masturbating and taking a shit 
@laurenjane001 Good night dear- sorry I missed tweeting with you tonight. 
Good night twittz...wake up at 5:30am tomorrow...we have a 6mile road march ahead of us 
Good night life chem regent tm oh joy 
Good morning twitnam! To the office without 3.0 update 
Good morning! all I can hear is the heavy rain against my window. Not looking forward to school today 
@DonnieWsGirl32 I think he's done  I'm gonna get to bed. I will talk to ya later. Good night! and good night 2 u @DonnieWahlberg love ya!
Good morning. starting an new day. still knee deep in amateur vb6.0 code 
Good morning... another busy day.. ..and I think is gonna rain!!! 
Good morning! I'm off to hamilton later... And the weather is shite! 
Good morning everyone from a muggy British morning...even tho I got my shorts on looks like rain 
Good morning peeps! bit of a late start but I was awake from 2:30-4:00am 
stomach cramps!!  Good thing im at home
Good morning world.  I'm not so peppy today.  
@StephCupcakes Good luck hunny!!!!! I'm good, just bored at work as usual and hating the recession  daydreaming about le wedding lots 
Good morn tweet fam...walked/ jogged the dog..its 79 degrees w/out sun 
Good noon, everybody. I'm feeling pretty sick today. Not so dy-no-mite 
Good afternoon everyone, not smiling today cos it raining 
Good morning world, woke up with a not so nice stomach ache. 
Good morning tweets feeling a little sick here 
Good morning! 101 heat index today 
Good morning dolls!!! I have a sick little girl this morning so we're gonna be lounging allll day in between me giving her medicine! 
Feels like it's one set back after the other!! Good news then bad news!! 
Good morning rainy day 
Good morning tweeties! I am in pain today. 
@TonyLetts Good afternoon! I was so proud, I guessed an English dude, but then I was accused of cheating. 
Good morning, and not so good to me, I'm with a damn headache 
@SteveGarufi Good morning~ We had 2 days without rain! YES!! But clouds are moving in now. 
Good morning! Last day at the lake 
@myogis Good looking peeps! Unfortunately I'm on mom duty tonight. 
Good morning. 48 days left. 
@melissajill I miss you too, roomie!  Good thing flights are cheap so I can come stay often. ;)
needs to stop panicin . Good night twitter 
Tracy No rain today - it went right by...  Good thing someone invented water hoses! http://ff.im/46LVZ
Good morning. I finally have a fever to go along with my colds. Might have to skip rehearsals tonight.  This sucls!
Good evening, I am very tired, tomorrow will be a tiring day 
@jewelpike I didn't see you at midweek tonight!  It was so weird.    Good luck on your exam tomorrow!
Good morning everyone...I don't like the weather cause cause I don't like the rain.... 
This week I slept about 2 hours less a day and that's killing me. I need 7h+ for considering myself a person. &quot;Good&quot; morning, btw 
Good morning everyone. I dont feel well 
okay im tired today! i worked since  7am-6pm Good night. tomorrows my last day @ voorhis  im gonna miss the kiiidddies
@hramos Good, cuz I don't have any more high-res soft-porn and totally-awesome pictures to link you today! 
Good morning. It's going to be a crappy day - physics exam... 
Good night with the nigs..escuela  in the am
Good morning, everybody! Here is cloudy and maybe is going to rain! I already miss the sun! 
Good afternoon folks. Its miserable weather today again. It started off okay but its now gone cloudy &amp; grey 
Good morning  my luvs....got that morning work out in...great breakfast...now I'm at work 
Good morning twits. I kno I say this every morn, but i'm exhausted 
Good AM twitter fam had a wonderful dream last nite hope it comes true!  on my way 2 the gym 1st i have to sit in traffic in the rain 
Good morning tweeeets! Having a bad day already 
Good morning twitter! I set the microwave @ work on fire again!!! not allowed 2 use it anymore  &amp; ppl wonder why I dont hav 1 @ home.
Good morning twitters.....hmpff another day of shitty ass weather....wish I was still on the beach 
Good morning!  one question... What is happening with the weather, where is the summer heat?
Good morning! The sound of the rain this morning is so soothing. I want to stay in but I need to go out and get food 
Good morning...I'm extrememly tired and out of it today. But I still have to go to work. 
Good morning! I have class today 
Good morning to everyone. What a rainy day. I guess the range is out of the question 
@_fatdad  Good morning  about ur account...
Good morning tweeple...it is a rainy day out here and I don't think me and the family are gonna be able to enjoy our day today 
Good morning!  what is up with tweet deck?  All my little icons aren't up there 
Good morning tweople.... I hate the rain......it's makes me cranky 
Good morning world, serious day of drum smashin ahead, I miss my Fernn 
Good morning....so I had fun last night. But I'm def paying for it now 
Yay no work! Good cuse i dont feel to good again 
@rachelle_lefevr what twi events are you scheduled for, i want to see if i can make it to one  ? Good luck on your movie! have fun today!!
@Tifflicious okay  lol. I hope you blow up like diddy damnit! I'll be rooting for you girl! Good luck &amp; mucho &lt;3
I wish I was feeling better to go to del mar &amp; watch jas, ros, &amp; marky perform  Good luck my rugrats!
The sky is falling! - ok, more like a giant branch. Good thing the hood of my car was there to break its fall!  Not cool!
My power has been off since 7 last night, and isn't supposed to be back on until midnight tonight.  Good thing I can tweet at school!
@binhog737 Good luck girl....nothing worse than finishing work and can't go home!! 
says Good morning! I had a terrible dizzy this morning  http://plurk.com/p/12096x
Good night. I should sleep because tomorrow I will have to study a lot and I won't have more time to do it later. 
MY dreams have been crashed tonight..... Good night everybody 
My church overseer past away  Good man, good man.
Good night... Test tm  but then a nice little break!
I freakin hate when we argue. This is not how i expected the night to end  Good night twitter....
Amazing dinner with brad otts, his arm pitt smells like ground beed. Good or bad? 
Ugh i want my tattoo  i don't think i'm getting it any time soon  but for now i'm going to sleep. Good night twitter
@dreamyla  zomg so pissed last night! Good luck today! You will be fine!
Good start to the day, get up, phone call, todays job canceled,,,,  not a happy chappy  best find something else to do!
Good morning! It's a really nice day here! Too bad I'm in such pain 
Good morning tweeples. We have allot of flooding this morning and a couple accidents already showing up. 
Good morning world...more llike bad morning, i had a bad dream 
Good morning everyone!  Another rainy day here 
Good morning.....with chicken pox all over my body 
Good morning. It's raining this morning, killing my chances of ridin' into work today. How sad. 
Good morning  . I have an la exam today 
says Good morning! crazy storms rolling in here. Probably gonna have to shut 'er down. No Market today  http://plurk.com/p/126kpn
Good morning everyone!  I have to say I'm super tired still 
Good morning. I got a lot of sleep last night, but also a lot of bug bites when I was outside 
is upset for the rain on the weekend! Good thing I have lots of homework and housework 
Good morning... last day at the firm  but so much to finish b4 5pm :-/
Good morning all!! I so woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning  it's ok got the rockstar I'm good to go!!!
@chrisdior06 but even with &quot;thunderstorms&quot; here it eill still be this hot . Good thing that's not in the forecast tho . Aw rain sux 
My car's towed off... poor thing looks rough   getting a rental tomorrow. Good thing I'm got cat-like reflexes... could've been bad
@kilianvalkhof worst day ever?  Good luck sport!
@PaulaJAfan4evax Good good, but I have a cold or something and summer just started for me yesterday 
Good night but feeling sad now that I've got home 
This is my last tweet. Good bye tweet world!   Lonelyandroid ):
Good nite tweet twitters, time for Nyquil and get rid of this bug  Good shot of whiskey would be better  , not
Good evening twitter; finally on the way home. sooooo sore.  its gonna be 100 degrees tomorrow.
Is really sick. Good thing I forced my mom to take me to the doctor before it got really worse. Now I. can't go to the wedding 
@DestinyTrack42 I barely talked to you today, we've both been so busy!! I miss you  Good luck tomorrow!
Good morning everyone :O I hate waking up early morning but I think I got used to it 
Good news/bad news.  Good news is we don't have to pay a babysitter bc bad news is we LOST at the casino!  
Computer keeps crashing while trying to install winxp  Good thing I got my iPhone today
@cassiehl I'm always doing things like that. I think &quot;I'll put the work into this one and make it nice,&quot; but it never works out  Good luck
Good night twitter. I hope your night has been better than mine has.   good night.
@WolfBitTink Been better, but you know how that is. Good days, bad days, then some that you just wish you never had to live through. 
Starting to suffer for hayfever already this morning. Good start to the day and weekend 
Good times headed home now tho gotta work tomorrow! 
@mizversailles I know I suck.....and its hard wood floor  Good thing i have a hard case on it already. but no cover on screen yet.
@shaycarl I'm gonna make  you a banner out of my hair!! wait...that would be gross...umm sorry That's all I got   Good luck though :-P
Good morning! was a bad night  woke up at 8 am because outside guys sit on their lawnmower and make noise!
Good night  saw the proposal  was.nt my chose in movie
Good luck to all those doing the photomarathon today, I had a last minute change of plans and won't be there 
Good morning. It is 6/20/09, a day of reckoning, and I will not lie; I'm petrified. A lot of people are probably going to die today. 
Good morning  I woke up late, this is good, but I still dont wanna go there. Even more after dreaming with him.
Good night world. I got a long day tomorrow 
@boyink - Good luck with the flooding, nothing worse than dealing with water 
Good morning tweeps lmao getting ready for work 
Good start to the family trip. Out with the slowness. Yay 
@superdumb Ugh. The early rising is so much more frustrating (to me) than kids who won't go to sleep at night. Good luck. 
Good morning everyone... I am watching a old spin city wishing michael j fox could get better  i love him!
Good morning... I'm cleaning my room... 
Good morning ppl. I wish i had some time for bfast. But its not fast enough 
@cloudsaredreams Good, but feel guilty for not doing a vlog  I had a water fight instead and cbf to do my hair :\ yourself? &lt;3
@BrokenStruggle Good idea! This year must take less stuff, I always say it but rucksack always so heavy, not getting any younger 
@Russty ~ awww.   It'll take time before you get your bike legs (and lungs).  Good on you for giving it a go. *hugs*
Nothing to do tomorrow , it's gonna be an other boring day  Good night &gt;&lt;
Good morning!!! have a lots of assignments to do!! and household chores  It's hard to be away from your mom for half a month.
At Good Samaritan hospital recovering from back surgery... missing the fresh air and learning to walk again 
I'm tired. The last store was not busy but slow as molasses. Good thing I'm off tomorrow...but without my dad. 
@markhallCC relatively small crowd for a festival! i wish i could be there. im only 4 hrs away.  Good luck!
@jonaskevin Congrats!! I wonder how the concert was! I couldn't go  But don't worry, I'll go to another one! haha well... so, Good night!!
alright. Good night. watching jackass with @me, myself, and I.  
Good bye grand wailea  I hope I make my flight home!
Good morning tweetland i have yo say that before the storm in live is horrible NILEY NEVERR 
Good morning twitts  making this drive.....*yawn*
@elusiveangel Good luck!!  I can tell ya, it gets pretty crazy! And then everything in the house breaks 
More rain today...Good.  I hope it rains all day, cause I have no desire to do anything.  
Good morning everyone, I'm waken up with a sore throat.  how's everyone's sunday going ?
@pedestrienne I didn't sleep the night before my early flight this past week. I believe you only make that mistake once. Good luck  *hugs*
Good morning.  It is strike/changeover day and I don't feel well.  booooooo 
Good morning everyone. I guess I fell asleep just a few minutes to early last night. 
@lbenitez Hopefully.... Good luck getting here! It's been that kind of a travel day. 
Good morning twitters I hope your feeling good today as for me woke up sick with bronchitis, no fun, am very tired 
Good day in school, played cards and done some gardening, doing it again tomorrow, burnt to fook the now 
Good morning! About to be on my way to the doctor 
I need a few Good men to help me move july 11th a sat, the family will be out of town 
I have school tomorrow  ... Good night!
Good thing no one can see the show my lip looks horrible 
@Artificialxgirl   its ok. Good effort but i guess my attempt at a @yelyahwilliams bday greeting was an epic fail 
Good night everybody...&quot;what a day...what a day&quot; I'm headed to the gym to do my evening work out. I have to meet my trainer this weekend 
@debaoki I'm sorry  I'm lucky and local and planned for it this year since I missed it last year. Good luck though!
Good morning!! Its too early  6.10 am here and I have work soon.Too too early 
ahh todays a big day! Good news: I'll be soon free! Bad news: I'm taking an exam and know nothing!! 
Good morning all! I have a poorly girl to look after today 
Ahhhhhhhhh my eyes! I hate you internet!  http://bit.ly/11FAWG Good bye innocence 
Good start to the day - feeling grotty and the water pressure is low at home (burst water main) so no long refreshing shower - great 
Good morning twitters. Waiting for friday to come 
Listening to pop ballads is amazing.  Good times tonight with some great friends. I'm gonna miss alot of people in a few days 
Good morning, it's 3:50am and I can't sleep 
Good morning every1   shit weather goin 2 rain 2day  (again) cant wait till saturday
Good morning all, up very very late today, cant remember my alarm going off, i think earlyer nights are needed. 
@Hollowbabes Good on you for keeping it up. I haven't been for a week as I've been too busy filling out job application forms 
Good night all dead tired walking up early no bueno 
Swimming makes me so sleepy  and i ate so much food i might get sick. Good night though after some minor bumps.
Swimming makes me so sleepy  and i threw up so much food i might get sick. Good night though after some minor bumps.
Watching click. All by myself.  oh well tonight was great. Good night everyone. &lt;3Verenise&lt;3 blv.n.ul.c
@CallyGage can you believe that only a week ago today we were blagging that boat party? Good times 
So y do ppl feel the need to bathe in their perfumes/colognes? Good thing I have an inhaler with me... just not sure I can get to it 
Good morning everybody. Unfortunately, the sun doesn't shine today as well   I'm off to this little town today - Wohoo 
Good day everyone, thanks for the wishes. I rly don't want to be quarantined for 7 days  I'm going for buffet now!!!!!!!!!! 
Good morning! Last day of school (1/2 day). Its gonna be 85*..god i hope it won't be humid 
Good morning, I had to get up early to go babysit...i wanna go back to sleep 
Good morn' daughter's last day of school, then she's off for 2 weeks, 
Good Morningggg! sitting trying to wake up with my coffee, reading ash's twitter and i feel so bad for her, she seems so tired  ily ash
@Elphabarocks01 Good luck getting it all done! I know its a crazy day for me and I wont have much to to Robsess 
Good night world. I miss my cuz 
@erin2011 If you have any questions about journalism don't hesitate!   Good luck with everything!
Good morning everyone! 
Good morning everyone 
Good night and good day twitters! 
Good morning everybody! 
@ElementsOfJazz Good question, had a bit of a rough day and physically not well but I'm hanging in there and still smiling 
Good morning beautiful people  - coffee &amp; sun ... 
Good morning everyone!  It's a sunny day here!
In our new feature we're launching tomorrow I am going to launch a new list &quot;people I really trust&quot;  Good night!
@JonathanRKnight Thanks, I'll go with &quot;wake well&quot;  Good night to you!
@isedo sush, memory- champ  Good morning honey 
Good morning twitter world 
@jerrycchen hehehe! Good morning, it's night here, time for me to chill out and relax 
Good morning everyone! 
And So drunk that im all numb and tingly. Good thing I'm not a real nurse yet or I'd take that to be a sign of head injury. Lifes great! 
Good mornin' people (for the brits at least) 
Good morning tweeters  did an hour in the gym yesterday can't cough or blow my nose today - its gr8 to be fit lol x off  2 treadmill now x
Good morning all. I hope today brings hope and joy to all of us 
Good morning  And to think I was  worried about another 30th birthday, nah, its a cinch xx
@msg621 There's not panic here, just bludging. Haha. Good work on making the move to become an official twitterer. 
Good morning...good morning..good moooooorning 
@greedydancer Good luck, then... for the meaning of life thing. And twitter too 
too many late nights are catching up with me...need to go to bed! Good night Twitterers 
Good morning jdzca.  At least it will get up to mid 60's today... But it was very chilly this morning. 
Good morning, advertising world. 
@alyssaavant Good morning! I'm sorry you had a not so good night. I hope you have a better day 
Taking baths are way better than showers, lol. Good morning! 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning, everyone! I hope you have a great start to the day! *raises cup of coffee* 
Good morning everyone and hope everyone has a great day. 
I woke up on time! LOL Good morning tweeps! 
Good lord, I still have 125 work emails to catch up on and actually read.  That'll teach _me_ to go have a vacation. 
Good morning twitter 
Good morning tweeters!  I am off to watch the news
Good morning everyone and hello to all my new followers 
Good morning everyone! I'm feeling blessed 
Good morning everyone!!  
finished my essay - time for bed . Good night 
There's a whole bunch of &quot;FlipVidding&quot; going on all over my building today. (Good to see!) 
Fabulous 1st date! Good food, great conversation, &amp; great to be treated properly &amp; appreciated. 2nd date next weekend... read &amp; sleep now 
Good night all  I hear the sounds of sleep calling.  
@snowberrycreek Good night my wrangler friend....! 
Good night world!!!  I'm still at 5!!!!  c'mon people...get me up to 6!!!!  
just got the 12 year old boys to bed (fort of blankets &amp; chairs in basement) now its my turn.  Good night all 
Good night cruel world.  LOL 
In your own way youre perfect!! Pretty girls only!!  // Good morning!!
Good morning everyone 
Good mornin folks, I think I'll make a couple of home made egg mcmuffins to go with this excellent coffee on this clear sunny 58* mornin 
Good morning, Twitterbugs. I'm feeling very inspired today... it feels good! 
aww you're so cute :$! love you @terregoss &lt;3 ! missing you already. Good luck 2day  muah!
Good morning everyone and especially  @jodi54 and @kcarpentier77 
Good morning my bebe hunny hotness chick magnet! 
@nycgrl88 Good morning sleepy head 
@SirenSongTX just his voice   Good morning.  Hows the weather in your neck of the woods
Wow fell asleep last night and forgot I was signed on myspace haha funny. So good morning everyone! How are you today? Good I hope?! Lol 
Good morning!   today should be a good day.
@jshe lolz you are just so interesting. btw i need to go sleep now. busy day tomorrow. Good morning to you! 
@Sixtiesguy Good point~it looks like it ties in front so ur stomach shows! So I guess making it, u could alter it 2 look the way U want! 
No bodily parts were exposed. What sort of minds do you all have? (via @RealRobBrydon) - Good old British ones 
@joepolitics Good afternoon ;)  nice quote, gotta agree! 
Out having a chilled time in a cool but laidback bar and excellent company. Good times 
@CandiceJarrett If you havent gone yet, Good luck with the show tonight!  Also you taking plato with you?
Good night hanging with even better friends!  Now for some sleep.   
Just saw the most amazing dance show ever and friends I haven't seen in a few weeks. Good night. 
Finally got home. I won my first game of settlers of catan ever! Good night everyone. 
I hate this new phone i got friday. Good thing I put it on ebay yesterday! 
@BBluesman Now thanks to you, I can't sleep. I'm gonna go read in bed. Good afternoon 
I swear to god @hanaispoca attracts alllllllllll the boys. Good thing i gotta man 
Just had a sock fight with my husband while folding laundry.  Good times! 
Just signing in to tell everyone  Good night! 
Good night and tweet tight! 
@Vasilly I'll check in with you at the respectable times.    Good luck reading!  #readathon
Good morning! Thanks for all the new follows, everyone 
Just about ready to go to bed. It was a long day today. Good night. 
I have a little crush on zac efron now... He was so cute in 17 again. Good nite tweetys 
Good night everyone 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning all  enjoying a cuppa T in the sunny but chilly garden watching while DIYhubby does his stuff http://twitpic.com/3l3v6
Yay for seesters, carne asada fries and dancing under the stars! Good night 
Good morning everyone 
@plumpgoddess Good morning to you; not tweeted yet; but good luck to your nephew 
Washing machine installed and running; no gushing water, no exploding machine... Good day 
@JonathanRKnight Good night... smell of home... 
I think my timeline in twitter is wrong and should it be 8 hours behind... I like that... !!!  But.... Good morning 
@SeBESTian It was a whole lot of fun  Good luck with the water damage
Good morning tweeple  Yay - it's my favourite day of the week!
Good afternoon guys, getting ready to go to class, how's it going? 
Good morning  Or afternoon, it's heading that way here
@Spoonsie Good morning sunshine. 
Good morning all my twitters 
Good mornin glorida &lt;3 i love you and your perfect summertime weather 
Good morning twitter  It actually is afternoon but who cares, I just woke up, so it's good morning for me  I had THE weirdest dream 
Good morning twitters 
Good morning twitters 
@bethcardwell Good luck with that rain staying away til 6pm. I only need it to stay away til about 1pm. 
Good morning u all , no rain , no rain, No rain ! I can get out and about 
@silvercrone Good tip! I've never presoaked beans.  Always make in crockpot, great results that way.
Good morning everybody! Today looks like a good day for atlanta 
Good morning! I'm working on work this morning so I can goof around in the sunshine later without guilt 
@pixiepop Good morning -- and good night 
Good morning twitterland. 2day is a beautiful day 
Good morning everyone!  
@KelleeHR Good morning, sunshine. 
Good morning all you beautiful people 
Good morning flippin twitterverse! 
Good morning/afternoon everyone!  Looks like I missed out on alot of tweeting by our boys last night. I hope all is well with everyone. 
@Sugarwilla Good morning sunshine 
It's time to sleep. Good night 
Good morning twizzlers. Thanks to all the family and friends that came out last night. 
Good morning twitter  I need more followers
Good morning everybody! 
Good morning  ah whatam i going to do today? [missingJuice]
Good morning my honeys, have a great day even its monday 
@cochina_40 Good night Cathyy  cant wait to hear your story sweett dreams 
Birds are singing, sun is shining .. no better way to walk the dogs  Good morning!
@Ethnicsupplies Good morning gorgeous. Yes indeed, but I love winter so much, it is my most productive time of the year 
Good morning, 13 Days, 10 Hours &amp; 7 Minutes without alcohol 
Good morning everybody! I wish you a nice week! 
Off to bed, Good night everyone. 
@xamiex That is the question women have been asking since the dawn of time. Good one! 
@amp451 Good morning from this side of the pond! Thanks for following 
Good morning or good night my friends as it applies to you. 
Good morning everyone! 
@JoeyShenouda Good morning to you too ; while working on that; don't forget to enjoy the weather 
Good morning, people 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning, it's a beautiful day 
@tesas i know! haha, thanks for the reminder. &quot;I just gotta....&quot; is a killer! 15 more minutes tops!  Good luck with school!
Good day everybody 
@Vanessica55 Good luck on your first day at the new jo, &amp; on all the subsequent days, too, of course 
@Vanessica55 Good luck on your first day at the new job and on all the subsequent days, too, of course 
Good morning my twitty tweets ..... hope your havin a nice monday ...  kinda crappy weather but at least it isn't snowing ... right? ... 
Good morning and happy monday 
Two Bones epi's this week... aweeesome! P.S. Good morning 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning all  It was a busy weekend, and looks to be a busy week as well.
@TizzySizzleberg Good morning!  How are you feeling this beautiful morning?
Good morning it's back to school for the kiddos  woo hoo!!
@23graeme23 Good luck with ur revision 2day hun, dont overdo it, mind 
Good morning girls 
Good morning, folks! How's everyone doing? 
Is all about sun,football, worden, his first frisbee since he was 7 and kerry getting a blackberry. Good times 
Good morning tweeters! its off to school for me 
@PinkCookieshoes Good morning  hope you had a fabulous vacation. thanks for the follow friday 
just wanted to let u know that ur an amazing person and u have many fans around the world who love the work u do ... Good luck this week 
Good morning, friends! 
@Xlex Good morning Xlex!  hahaha
Good morning everyone 
Good morning beautiful people!  How is everyone today?
Good moring another great day in the making 
Good morning twitpeeps  its gonna be hothothot today!
@SueInge Lol, it didn't seem minor at the time, but compared to a book, it is   Good luck with the move (and staying sane/calm!)
Good morn twitterville... on my way to start a productive day  yay me 
Good morning everyone! 
Good morning   The sun is shining and my head is still killing me #headache #moaner
Wow... Good job britney. Although i think u could have sang the slow song live hahaha!  Gooood show 
I sleep so much yet I'm always still so tired. Good thing I can sleep late again tomorrow! 
Good morning sunshine 
a dormir!! Good night everyone!! 
Good morning everyone  @nick:carter: your shouldnt drink so much coffee 
Good morning! It's a beautiful rainy morning here. 
Good news early in the morning 
Good morning! new day new tricks 
Good morning everyone The sun is shinning hope to have a better day then yesterday 
Two nights of drinking &amp; swimming consecutively.... I'm super exhausted!!! Good night 
Good morning everyone! 
@an0key need to invest in a folding bike though. The four mile walk in the mornings is getting a bit dull. Good exercise though 
Good morning  great start on the mornin =D
@AndreaCarnell Good morning. How you been? Just wanted to say you're lookin hot in that new photo 
@semanticwill Good morning, dude 
@jL Good question, and yes we pluck a few featured stories from the day's news. Ah, your call then 
Good morning all!  It is a beautiful day because I keep the sunshine in my pocket! 
@mariakitano Good morning ... have a great day 
Good morning all you stateside folks who are just waking up! 
allrighty....time for my morning nap. Good 'night' for now 
At home finally... Good night with good people 
Good morning twitter 
@Intelligentwmn  - I'm tellin' ya, 'healthy' is just as addictive as making money to me! ;) Good job on the good eats! 
Good night all gonna kick back and watch some movies 
@identitykrysis I think we'd have a blast getting pissed at noon on mojitos with brunch.  The rest of the stuff? Good to have goals.
Good morning, everyone!  It looks fantastic outdoors!
Good morning all! the biggest question, to go the beach or not? 
Good morning!  It's 8:11am - I couldn't sleep xD.
@sweetcherrypop Good night, pleasant dreams!  (SweetCherryPop)
Good friends + good food + a good game of cards = good times. what more could a girl ask for? 
Good times with good friends... it was a great night! 
I'm going to sleep now. Good night. It will be a good day tomorrow, if i'm even 10% as happy as I was today. 
Good night everyone. I love you craig 
@selves Thanks! The eyes in the back of my head will be staring down that broom wagon! Good luck on your first big race!!! 
@mamasvan Good morning! Would you believe I'm intentionally up at this hour and happy about it! 
Feeling a wee bit rough from last night...Good night though  I loveee karaoke &lt;3
Good morning! The weather is awesome!!! 
Good night  actually great night 
Good morning everybody 
Good effin night  I love old + new friends
@citygarden Good morning. I saw nice list of tomatoes you are growing this year  
Scouting For Girls She's So Lovely ... Good morning/night to you all!  I am currently trying to wake myself u... ? http://blip.fm/~5eoo5
@NathalieNL I'm up!  Good morning! How are you today, except tired.. =p
Good morning!! wonderful day, i`ll gonna do a lot! 
Good morning to all  I just woke up and I'm happy cuz it's a beautiful sunny day 
Good morning!!!! I think I will let the sun sleep a few more hours 
Good morning beautiful. Good luck today with SAT's. I know you will do amazing. I hope to be able to see you today! 
Good morning. Good weekend. Great weather 
Good morning, thank you everyone who are now following me...I  also found so interesting people to follow 
Good morning 6:30 on a saturday! 
Good morning! How is everybody? 
Good morning my peoples!  I'm looking forward to a day of yard work, and, yes, I'm seriously looking forward to it.  
Good morning world!  I'm going to meet my new granddaughter today.  
Good afternoon world. So far I've done all my forensics work and nearly completed textiles  xx
Good morning everyone  today i have the whole day off, yay!
@elizatizer you're welcome! I'm ok, nursing a 2 day headache that won't quit. How are you? Good luck with the auction, hope it goes well 
Good morning world!  Today is my bear's 4th birthday 
@Southerngirrl Good morning! hope you have a great day as well. 
Good morning starshine. The earth says hello! 
Good morning everyone  (via #zenjar )
@Mareeclo Good morning by the way 
Good morning all   i should get up.  hmmm jesusismyfriend
@jordanknight hey you! Good morning  american pie 2 is on tonight, I have to watch it because it makes me think of you haha xoxoxo
@Larkn0298 Good morning  hope its another lovely day 4 u
Good morning peeps....had the greatest dinner ever last night 
@jmayoriginals I can't function w/out my morning coffee. . .  Good for you for &quot;surviving&quot; that long w/out it?  
@TJGishere Good god that's a long nap! how was the park walk? 
Good morning twerps! hehe! Going dress shoping today! YAY!! 
Good morning twitter luvs...celebrating mamacita's bday today 
Good morning @tickerville - long time no see!!    $$
@flyirene yeah! And it's great to see u gals fighting hard for this!!! Good work and support.  now, for some serious work and partying!
Good morning tweet stars. 
Good morning all. All ready for work. Today better be not busy I like to day dream 
@justtakenotes Haha, yes you do! Good work.  You're one of the few people who will understand that update today.
Good morning twitter!! 
@leblanc74 Good for you  I'll get some down time later, but for now it's laundry &amp; general house stuff.
Good morning, good morning 
Good morning  a mes day. To get drunk!
@PaulHarriott  Good morning to you too   i had a blast..thx 
@Pepperfire oh so what now  Good morning there!! just in the middle of something 
Good morning  time to clean D:
Good night world. We'll take over the world another day 
@feltbeats oh yay... i'm so happy been waiting to use my amazon gift card for &quot;In Good Hands.&quot;  This just made my day 
Good night, everyone!!! 
Good thing I'm a freelance night owl.  Everyone needs their ads by the morning.  
I miss the days of truth or dare hahaha.. Good times good times !! 
Good day  I hope it stops raining tomorrow.
@renu19 We are friends and I will always take care of you. Good night, sleep well! 
@chamithal Good luck wid ur new life at work buddy!!! 
@romashkaaaa Good night! Thanks for the tweets and the sharing of thoughts 
Just got a &quot;brainwash&quot; at motivation training  Good thing... I wonder how long will it last?
Good Night. Good friends, Good life, 
Why am I still up at 3am? Good grief and good night! 
Good afternoon! wahaha woke up around 3pm 
@iantalbot Good morning darling. Even I cant text and drive at the same time  Just arrived and setting up xxx
Good morning everyone! 
@ridhi_07 wah.awesome hai! So 2years was worth the wait. Good luck for d future too 
Ahh hangover free again. Just lazy. Good night out, saw lots of people I knew from years ago 
@esmeeworld: Paris is awesome. Good food. Good people. Good shopping. Wonderful hospitality. 
@kimmcleod I hope your researh gives you some ideas about what you can do to have a restful, peaceful, nice-dream sleep. Good luck. 
Good evening ladies and gents 
@suzbowen nighty night....i will talk to you soon!! Thanks for your help tonight  Good luck with everything moving wise......
@colocelt Good buddy. I am just having my morning coffee waking up. 
Good morning  getting ready  then breakfast....
Good morning to all  The fetish tease pic of the day has been discontinued for now due to apparent lack of interest. I feel the same time
@MeganPires Good morning sunshine. I see you are my stiff competition with the cheese contest 
Good morning. I slowly feel like I'm getting better. I hope that today continues this healing trend. 
Good morning sweet peas  off to the beach... http://twitpic.com/4h9vy
@rajacenna Good dude - you are certainly one mad twitterer  I actually dropped my phone in the toilet once - it didn't survive though
Good morning sunshines! So much to do today  But if I hurry through the cleaning part-I get more of the fun! So let the chore list begin!
Good morning everybody. 
@mrrocknroll Good morning! oh, but it's such a sweet beast 
@ReneeSmyckova If it's any good: I'm relaxing in denial. I have to type lots of stuff and study and everything. Good luck you 
Good afternoon!  How good wake after noon! Especially after we have kids. 3 years, this didn't happen to me! 
Oh and p.s. Good morn world  and good morn bff who we wake up everyday w/ our meaningless chatter lol
@idreamofjeanny Haha hells to the yeah! I like walking when its pretty out! Good exercise too whoohoo 
@kaotic2 Good morning kind sir! 
@sezykins Good evening  How has you're day been?
@DavidArchie I was well impressed with your set last night.    Good on ya mate, really got the crowd going!
@JRSterne VODE!!! I had him freshman year. Good times, man, good times. If you put enough &quot;interpretation&quot; into it, you'll be fine. 
@eviltabbi  You missed an ACE night! So much fun ... You have to come next time. Good tunes and my set was well received 
@pinkmeringue No alcohol?! hehe jk. Good luck on your writing! 
@iamDavidMarsh Good advice. I'll be sure to take that break/mini vacation after my last exam on the 9th. 
@ChrisTJones  It was nice seeing you at the softball game, glad to see you take some time to have some fun!  Good game!  
@misscole74 you'll get close to the stage if you go there in the weeeeeeeee hours of the morning...lol.  Good luck! 
@teresa_most Good luck tomorrow! And hope you're enjoying your new place 
@thebrbb I'll miss ya too. It was fun.  we'll have to make it intentional and catch up next year!  Good luck on your finals!! 
Looong day of doing nothing! time for bed. Good night 
@JonathanRKnight I hope you had a great day!  Good night  xoxo
@nikonman60 Nothing, i just went to the mall today to know my new friend! what did you do today? Good morning tomorrow 
@MsJBell  Good! I need to get my housework done so I can sit without interruptions! Of course will Tivo so I can pause on the good parts 
@Jaaaaae awwwwww yayyyy!!!  I'm genuinely mad happy right now! Good luck mama seahorse!!!
I think one of my hard drives just took a dump... Good thing I got like 10 more!!! 
1 more week..finals will soon be over! Good luck everyone!! 
@bndesign Good morning, I am sure this week will be great! I hope so 
Good day today tomorrow will be even better 
Good mornin twitterers, watching my first naruto of the day and it happens to be the 100th episode  lovely juvely
Yay! Good way to end the night.   
Good morning universe, how are you today 
Good morning ladies and Gents.  it's going to be an awesome day &quot;even though the weather is terrible&quot;
@rosehwang U R &quot;happiness pollinator&quot; 4 shizzle.   Good friend you are.. I am smiling! 
Good morning twitter world.raining in dingle- hopefully means a busy day for me 
@utterhip Good morning to you, however it's night time for me, so I am off to bed *hugs* Have a great day 
Good morning everyone! It's back to work for me - so won't be able to chat until tonight - I hope everyone has a great day! 
@bobbyllew your lisa rogers carpool is now my alltime fave!! Good work!! 
@lccsweetme haha that's way cool! Good morning 
Good morning!!!! Yes is 5:57am 
@DrRus @BruceBrownNC Good morning, gents!  How are ya today?
Good morning  ready to start this week.
@DesktopGoldfish Yay, three followers! Good to know more than one person in this big wide world likes fishies. 
Good morning my little twitternut squashes   How are you all today? whats the weather like where you are?
excited how the jon does will do today  Good luck guys ;)
Good morning my fellow tweeters 
Good morning! It's going to be a kick-butt day! 
Good morning, everyone!  Just finished breakfast, and getting ready to see what this wonderful day has in store for me!  
Good morning tweeps ... wishing you all a great day 
Good morning  hope u all have a great day 
@maximCH  there's finally time, it's raining  and the hockey doesn't start until 4   Good idea for a myepisodes.com script, but it's me.
@azmomofmanyhats @rocknrod @gailelaine @sarahstanley  Good morning to you !  Its so pretty outside today 
Going to bed, in pain fell on my shoulder today. Good night 
Good morming my sunshines! Have a beautiful day! Last day of classes for me! 
Good morning everyone 
@teejay0109 Good morning buddy 
Good morning everyone 
@TerrieSoberg hey that is pretty good sucking up - my daughter is exactly the same - glad to see I am not alone   Good luck mom 
All new implementation of test discovery for unittest. This time in a loader. Good start I think.   http://twurl.nl/nz8f4y
Good morning scary world! 
one of my favorite, most relaxing songs to wake up to: http://tinyurl.com/c8fr3e Good morning. 
Good morning, everyone! 
@jtimberlake Good luck whit the show tonite man, ill be watching 
Laying in bed texting. Good night ya'll 
I'm sadly dissapointed in the show ''Jonas''. Good shows on disney= hannah montana &amp; wizards of waverly place. 
Going to bed, no plans for tomorrow, just hanging around  Good night people &lt;3
@LarieBeck Good to hear! I got a bit of a tan today too, which is unheard of for me- I am SO pasty white all the time.  Mostly I freckle.
Good morning twitter&quot;ers&quot; 
Good night all, 15 miles of trails with 7 peeks to climb in the morning, fun times ahead 
Good morning &amp; a very happy mothers day to all those lovely moms across the pond 
Sleeeep. Good day, nice night, comfy bed. 
Good night everyone  im going to lay in bed and watch eraser!
@aeche We didn't...but we did have to wait a good twenty minutes for one.  Good night, though! 
Good morning, sunshine! I`mm gonna start my day wth some movies. 
@marco_cali Good morning 
Scotts the only guy for me   Good night&lt;3
@WollemiPine Or nudge the partner! Good birthday/ christmas/ I just want to buy you something gift! 
Ive been passed out drunk for the passed couple of hours.  Good to go now 
Good night everyone 
Good night you twitter people 
Is going to sleep. Good night everyone!! 
@ddlovato Good to hear you're bck!! don't let stupid rumours put u down! as long as ur fans r behind you, you got nothing to worry bout  x
Good morning   http://bit.ly/Tjvhv
Good morning everyone  It's a nice day #iloveitwhen the sun is shining. And now I'm going to write some stuff 
Good morning  I don't think it has stopped raining once for the past three days or so, but who cares?
Good morning everyone 
Good morning!! It's 12:00, I think it's time for breakfast!! 
Good morning, to all the mommies happy mothers day.  Now I am off the pull the cats tail.  I know she likes it 
Good morning everybody !! 
@jazz_machine lol - Good evening/morning/day (just to catch everything!) to you too! 
@biancabritton haha ok good. I hate when parents get into that mood. I know it well. Good luck 
@TheBook411 Good morning buddy. 
@lannydoodle Good morning, good morning too late to say goodnight. Lol that's from singing in the rain, I'm in a singsongy mood 
@Patsytravers I had my french oral the other day, didnt go so good lol. Good luck  x
@AceConcierge @digitalfemme @twochix1 Good morning ladies! How are we all today?! 
@AlCarlton Good plan but I suspect they don't like you any better drunk ~ hang in there and kill them with your kindness 
@HilaryAnnDuff Good morning (or afternoon, as the case may be) - hope you've been having a great weekend. 
Good morning everyone! 
@walters Good point; I shoulda checked twitter before I returned home though 
What a great day!!! Good lovin... Good food... Did I mention the lovin??? 
Long day. Good night. 
wonders if today will be nice ) Good morning, y'all!  http://plurk.com/p/t0e7g
We got some wonderful footage today.  I'm working on the website this week adding new footage.  Good night, sweet dreams 
Goinggg to readdd eclipse and then going to bedd!!! Good night everyone 
Good morning! I love the sun 
@kirstiealley Good night. You're my favorite tweet vomiter. 
I hope I don't have a math test tomorrow! If I do, there goes high school for me. Good night, $$D 
Much as I'd love to stay on, I have lots to do tomorrow and need to get a good portion of the 40 winks in. :-P Good night, Twitterdom!! 
tonight was my silly night of the year  Good night Twitterhomies! HAha
&quot;The hatred you're carrying is a live coal in your heart - far more damaging to yourself than to them.&quot;. Good night!! 
I'm at the gym! Good morning! 
is off to bed. Good night guys!   
is searching for the sun. Good morning all  
Good morning! The sun is shining!  
@fixgear at the end of the day...no really, it's the end of the day. Good night and more tomorrow.  http://myloc.me/Qzl
Good golly I love my playlist   I just don't understand why people do certain things :/
Good morning everyone 
@pvponline I'll agree with the rest, today's strip is quite clever and funny  Good stuff.
Good... morning...  ? http://blip.fm/~68tu1
@DiznyPrincess Good night girl! have a good day tomorrow! 
@LisaHuntArt Good idea to bring a camera.  I'll tell customers that if they don't buy a copy, their pic is going on my wall of shame! 
Finished cleaning my room and my parents are finally home so I can now sleep in peace. Good night twitter world! 
@michaelcowles dude are you that desperate I'll loan you a ten spot  man say Good bye ;)
@michaelcowles dude are you that desperate I'll loan you a ten spot  man say Good bye ;) http://ff.im/2SjwU
Good morning.  It is going to be another great day! 
@Dropsofreign Good luck with cornering that cat, pesky feline that it is. I have my productive moments, brief tho' they may be. 
@jalove @ParkRat I find myself using &quot;Good luck with all of that&quot; on an almost daily basis at work (sometimes to myself) 
Good morning social media lovers 
Good morning everyone! 
Good afternoon! i'd better stay in my room tonight, really hav lot pending job, so next time? Thanks 
Good morning everyone!! Its going to be the best day ever so lets go enjoy it 
Good morning everyone  sometime during the night twitter text started working again but i think its kinda laggy :-/
@Jaineen Good morning I was waiting for that coffee.  LOL 
@thehappiest1 Good morning so glad to hear everyone made it through the storm ok 
Good one  &quot;sponsors of tomorrow&quot; http://bit.ly/8sNAl
Good morning sunshine, the earth says hello.  hahaha makes me laugh everytime
Good people lift my spirits no end  thank you 
Good morning!!  i ate a dove candy today..  here's what it said, &quot;whatever you give, give from the heart&quot; I liked it! have a good day!
@MissShuganah Your avatar 'mockingly' self screaming in horror at the 'pastiche kitsch' of real horror.  Good morning sweetie.
Good morning! I'm on cloud 9 and yes I skipped over 1-8 
Good morning tweeps,running late 4 work..blasting soul 4 real-candyrain..definately song of the day 
Good morning! Todays going to be a good day 
Good morning Safettes!  77 now, high of 91 here today, should be lovely on the playground this morning 
Good morning. Why give into rudeness when you can fight back with kindness..   rev run
I wonder too, is this like a chat room...? Good question, did you get any answers? This is my first time using this 
Good morning  ? http://blip.fm/~697rs
Good news all day, couldn't get much better than this 
Good morning...yet another day @ work. I hope 2day brings more joy than yest. But on a better note as of 12 am @s_ofelia will be 21 
@LatinaNichelle4 Good morning  we have some sales going on today 
Good morning/evening everyone!   how is everyone doing today? 
@ladykaisthename yeh I gotta get my hair done sat. Good morning 
Good morning twitterworld! 5 more days till the love OF my life comes home! YAY!!! even the rain cant damper this mood 
@clevertitania Good morning. We have rain and thunder here 
@thepottedpansy It was nice to meet you! Good luck with your party tonight! I hope the cupcake tier meets your needs! 
Good morning twitter 
@WearTheEyepatch oohhh no &lt;3 love you. Good luck with your exams can't wait to see you during summer  x
@JadoreMarmite I get hayfever - do you have itchy eyes too? I've always had it since I was a wee girl! Good blips btw! 
Good morning and good night. 
Good concert tonight  hope y'all are having a fun saturday evening!!!
Good morning, guys! 
Heading to bed busy day ahead! Lots of fun laundry to do (insert irratated face here) Good night everyone 
The more good you do, &amp; the more on the right track you are; the more people will try to tear you down. Good sign you are progressing. 
Good night everyone 
Good night my love, and who blip!   ? http://blip.fm/~6g699
Finally home! So I'm gonna get my clothes and go to sleep!! Good night twitter! 
Good night people 
In a bangkok phone booth waiting out a rain storm. Good cover but humid. 
Good morning, playing with my son &quot;Power Miners&quot; 
Good morning and a fine week to everyone! 
feeling a lot better, just a headache, but now i'm going to bed. I will tweet you tomorrow. Good night! 
@Atomicbrahms cool! And that's what happens when you talk last! hahaha! Good job!  I'll try doing that when an incident will happen
Good morning all you lovely tweeters.  What a lovely sunny day 
@feblub Good morning, gorgeous! And again, thank you! 3 inquiries are in progress. 
Good night by the way angels &amp; demos was pretty good 
Good morning and actually I mean noon. But I'm just having my breakfast. 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning everybody!! 
@mustntgrumble Good morning !! or good afternoon  relaxing time for you .
I find not working at the weekend really strange! Good strange though 
Yet another lazy day... apart from washing and cleaning. Good relaxing time 
I'm at my favorite hang out place but the wi-fi connection is not working.  Good thing I brought the prepaid internet connection with me 
@Crubalo Good morning. It the sun comes out I have to garden. If not, I get to vegetate  How about you/
I'm so freakin sun burned...getting blisters on my shoulders and back...ugh! Good day on the boat though yesterday 
Good AM! What am I doing today?Packing 100 years worth of living into whatever remaining years I'm blessed to live.1st things 1st--PANERA 
@amcmoore Good morning - I hope your vacation feels awesome 
Good morning Dears =D youre welcome for comments in my blog http://extraordinary.girl.zip.net 
Good morning everybody. Today will be filled with lawn mowing, catching up on a little work, and a nap if at all possible 
@HellenBach  Good morning sweet lady  how is you're day going ?
is going to miss the UIowa class of 2009, but please note that the future should always hold better things. Good luck to you all 
Good morning. I'm on my way to class to take my biology final. I'm so happy this semester is over. I'm gonna really party this summer. 
Good morning everyone! 
@MoocherGirl so, this is your night time!  Good night. hope you have much better luck than I did.  
Good morning tweeps! I pray that you all have a blessed day 
@nanisnap I am saying the same thing! Good night! 
@SexyNeleen Good morning  yes the rain is lovely.
@tweetles Good morning I have not seen you around alot lately  How are you
@ZwinkyNews Good morning sunshine! 
@420thoughts dude, that's a ton of rage! relax, retrace your steps you'll find what you're looking for, I promise. Good luck! 
Good morning everyone 
Good afternoon twitterbugs  about to workout, then head to work.  What a day.
@SamBennington  today is nice day  . Thanks. Good time to you
Oh well. I need to turn in. It's already 1:30 a.m. here!  Good night folks! 
@SamBennington  today is nice day  . Thanks. Good time to you.
@superspiritgirl Good morning sweetie.  I am groggy still 
@beebalmdancer @groton saw pj back in 98... Good times! theyre playin outsidelands the night before dave! 
@PheasantPhun Good luck and have an awesome time...send me some pics when you get back 
~ @evliving Good for you! Looks like a very good time  Yes, I was good made it to bed w/out tripping lol!
http://twitpic.com/5dek3 - Good afternoon world  #fb
Thanks to everyone who has signed up to the email list so far! Good to see there's interest in the subject 
@Rachellous Because that way people give up and only the most motivated remain? Good thing you're amongst these. 
@my_black_heart Good luck tommorow  sure u will do souper lol
Good afternoon people about to head to nj than going to get me my new iphone station 
Talylor swift album again I could play this album everyday for the rest of my life its just that Good 
Good afternoon twitter friends..im enjoyin my last week at work*sigh* oh well 
@Sawdustt Good day for a ride. 
is off to bed... Good night people of the interwebs.  http://plurk.com/p/uene0
it was a nice speaker dinner/welcome event. Good to see lots of familiar faces.  #360flex
@chelzmae okay I get you now! Good, I'm glad  I know what you mean, the rude ones those you dislike...I got ya!
In a few more days I won't have internet.... how will I survive??  Good thing I have books 
Good morning guys 
@Hugobiwan Good morning and have a nice day! 
Good to see that the internet progressed when I closed the facebook tab and opened a new window for facebook. 
Good morning...hoy hace sol 
@andreaguasch  Good morning in spain girl 
Good night twitter buddies   missed u today&lt;3
Good morning/night everyone and special kudos @D_D_ 
Home. Good day today 
@djpar07 Good night &amp; you did great on your song tonight, by the way. 
Good morning, busy day today, get new tyre, buy dog food, do banking, lunch and work + look after dog, how will I fit it all in!! 
@skashliwal Good morning  How are you today?
@kingdavid28 just pencil the stuff. I had smearing with the pen u used.  And gotta get better paper soon too.  ttyl. Good night. 4real. :O
had an amazing day.  Good night to all!
Good morning tweet WORLD , how ya all doing , well im fantastic and am so oooba excited that I have 8 weeks to go before my boy is born 
Good morning twitter. off to my sociology exam, wish me luck  x
@Grannny63 Good morning, my favourite grandma 
Good morning!  ? http://blip.fm/~6illw
Good morning everyone, had a busy weekend and didn't use the computer at all, so now back to office and internet access 
@bobbyllew aaah the good old tidy up of the computer, mine is long overdue! Good luck 
Bad: headphone cable + glass of water = everything on desk very wet. Good: keyboard &amp; mouse still working and now my desk's much cleaner! 
Good morning, afternoon, evening, night (choose one which applied u) 
Good morning everyone, hope you all have a good day 
Good morning everyone!Its a lovely sunny day already so today I'll take a chance to wash my car and hope it won't rain later 
Good morning everyone - I hope you all had a restful night 
Good morning @ office starting work / hope everybody has a nice start to a productive week 
@evilbladeuk Good morning my friend, hope your week is a brilliant one 
Good morning everyone! Looking forward to an exciting week 
YAY! it worked. The car battery charged and switches the thing on. Good start to the week 
@HillyHindi Your hair looks seriously great  It's pure awesomeness! Good luck with the post-production by the way!~ &lt;3
I think I'm calling it a night. Good night tweeters! Have a blessed night!! 
Good morning  having a wonderful time in Pfullendorf.......with my very very lovely friends
Good morning fellow twitters,well tomorrow is today and its still yesterday for some.....really there is only now..seize this moment  
Good morning twitter 
After very busy day, a productive night and one earthquake, I'm going to bed  Good night!
Good morning world!!  It's a bit chilly here in #westernma this morning, but we're looking towards 80's later in the week 
@wantit hehe well in that case include banana with the pineapple and a shower that goes cold at the end somewhere in there! Good luck 
@ImInLoveWithMJ Good morning haha I'm well, hope you are too 
Going to sleep. Good night everyone 
Good night world! I'll see you tomorrow 
@emscriv I sprained my ankle in 1993 &amp; it still gives me issues especially in humidity or if I've been on it for a long time. Good luck! 
Good morning all, having my first coffee of the day  yum, had a fake miley follow me ...i was so excited too. xx.
Good morning sunshine.  NemoNemesis 
@garethemery Good night mate ! whats the time there, here it'snearly tme for the afternoon siesta !! 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning. A little wrecked but it's a short week for me 
Good morning from the dull rainy north east 
@Jaaycooxo niters babe!  @AlexisMarie Good girl gone bad, eh? blame @nic0pic0 for that, she did that to me too! lol ;p *hugs nico*
Good morning! It's a chilly one here. But it's okay, I enjoy turtlenecks 
Good day twitters  , otro dia a sufrir en bancomext
@ home getting ready for work then that math final. Good morning to all my twit heads... Have a wonderful and productive day/week! 
Good morning sunshines!!!!! Off to school! 
@mrsboozer Good morning...having a coffee? 
Good morning  i'm running kind of late.
Good morning another day of frekin gay school.FOllow me 
@heidimotag Good morning  good luck on the show today, your the best ;D xoxox
Good morning twitters! Y'all have a good day! 
@kymhuynh thanks for the follow! I checked out your music and am impressed! Good luck with everything. 
Kids are getting uglier these days... Fuglier is more like it... Good morning, btw!  
Good morning everyone 
Boooom diiiiiiaaaaa!!! Good morniiiing!!! I hope you enjoy your day and the week... 
Good morning! The girls barely made their buses - it's the last week of school.  now back to work. . .
Good morning everyone 
Good morning everyone 
Good morning tweeters! Imbibing in mucho caffeine at the moment...6:20 am here on the prairies.  Looks like a rainy day ahead!  
Just got home from school.. was fun  Good luck to all the people that have exams today!!
Its not even 9 yet and its sooo hot outside! smh. Good morning all 
@Kalofagas Good morning, have fun in the garden. I spent the whole weekend there. 
@ALauderdale: hey sweetheart. Good morning. 
Good morning everyone, im feeling tweety to day 
Good morning all my beautiful people!!  *muah* &lt;~kc~&gt;
@DaveMoran Good going for having a wee baby  I think I clocked up 80+ hours. I had a lot of time on my hands then, however. #fallout3
Good solid recovery run this morning @ 5am 4.5 miles  Good morning ev1
Going to head to bed and try for a decent night's sleep. Good night folks 
Good morning sunshine hope you have  a great day i pray Gods sheer grace and mercy flows through you all day i love you 
Good morning bitches and hoes!  I just got to work ran half way and then took the bus
Good gym session, sleepiness now gone, woohoo! 
@markstanley - Good point, yes, we need to send the download link to the email address provided in the first step - oops.  Wow.  
@amandabynes Good morning, what u gonna do 2day? 
@RachelDennys Good night to you, may your next day be great! 
Good morning y'all  It's on the chilly side here this morning -- in the 40s -- but the sun is out!
Good morning! Should be a busy day- I hope everyone starts their week off right! 
had a power nap, now awake. Good for the energy levels  afternoon training will be 4 blocks of 4 x 1 minute sprints, nice!
thinks he has accomplished a lot today! Good productivity today 
Good morning twits  enjoy your day.
Good morning @yarnpr0n!  I &lt;3 finding new ppl to tweet with!  How are you today?
@queermonkey Good morning  how are you this morning.
The sky is the limit. Good night 
@adam_d I know, I know. I am too quick to judge =D Good night and enjoy the conference that I wish I could come to! lol 
Good morning! rise and shine! I've been up for 2 hours and I'm not tired! 
@LouPage Good morning tou you sir! Thanks for sharing great stuff! 
Good morning wakey with the bff 
@sarahgb @Bookorama thank you both! Good 2 know I'm not alone- it looks ok though 
Good morning everyone!  I sure hope this week is better than the last one.
@mcleodd Good luck-just watch out for the &quot;bullshit baffles brains&quot; effect. And no, you're not the one who's bullshitting 
Good morning everyone 
I know it's summer -- but I have never been this stressed &amp; tired. Good thing there are sweet things in life -- like your goodnight kiss! 
Good week everyone!!! 
@michaelgrainger  Good Times are coming mate,Good Luck lol 
@SamuelNelson Ah, class assignments. I know how that goes; endless nights! Good luck 
@thekeithchegwin Good morning, another happy man on board, hi 
@GeekMommy LOL, done that... And have caught hubby snoring in front of it fairly often, lol.  Good night!  
YAAAAAWN. Good morning everyone  What does life have in store for us today?
Good morning twitteries  how is everyone today?
@andyroddick Good morning sunshine!  Can I get a happy birthday from you? Haha!
Good morning world, ah its gonna be a good day 
Good morning everyone!  How are you all feeling on this beautifully sunny morning?
Good morning... what a gorgeous day 
@krystinascott Good to see you too! And I hope you have a better day tomorrow. 
Good morning everyone! 
I'm back home!! And my eyes are BURNING! But @ least I had fun playing bored games wit my babe and friends  Good times
Good morning twitters! just had a well needed coffee 
Good morning all...how are you today???....what a fab sunny day today 
Good morning everyone  last day today at work.. ahhhh! x
Good morning, hope everyone has a cracking friday 
Good morning everyone! (when you all wake up  )
Good morning twitters 
@Veronicah86  well, i'm going to give this one more shot and see if I can sleep see you tomorrow, k? Good night.
@PembsDave this is becoming a ritual for me! cant go to bed until i tel you good morning!  Good morning.
@briigita Good mornin my lady  what are ur feelin today 
Good morning all, I'm awake now  just added some tracks to http://tinyurl.com/psso8v #hiphopfriday sweeeeet
Good morning ! another lovely sunny day; back from my first meeting to find another wedding booking in my inbox 
Holy crap im up early. I dont know how that happened. Lol. I cant sleep. So I'll just stay awake. Lol. Good morning. 
@CosmicMother Good morning, thanks for following, how are you, hope your having a good day!! 
Good morning everyone 
@DeeParamour Good, glad you're on the mend. I once had a stomach bug which lost me a stone in 2 days. Every cloud has a silver lining 
Good morning everyone...have a wonderful and productive day...headed to the office early...so that I can  leave early. 
@peppastar Good morning...40 more minutes and its lunch dont time fly when your hungover.hope your day is going well 
Off for conference call with @gillmcl - then I can get round to actually doing some work! ;-) Good mood because it's a bank holiday! 
Good morning people 
Too funny, @pinefeather. I haven't thought about that in years but you're right...that's what we did on field trips too. Good times! 
@AshleyLTMSYF. Good luck with the concert tonight dolls!! IFLY   finishin my art work
@DavidArchie Good evening/afternoon/morning wherever you may be right now 
@ellyhart Good morning/evening, Elly  I would love to see some of your writing sometime. I'm seeking to improve that in me.
Good post by @kanter on how nps can work more like clouds. http://is.gd/Cky1 feel free to skip my rambling excited quote at the end 
@INKDMOM ha ha, yeah! Good thing I didn't take the wrong blue pill 
Good morning to possibilities  feels great outside!
Good morning everyone, have a great day  gettin kids ready for school here. almost summerrrrrrrrrrr timeeeeeeee..
@dani-lovely ill pull it out . .  Good ol ice on gums . And push in  haha jk im sorry. I seriously feel your pain i wish i could help
Good morning everybody 
@NayLov Good morning!!!!! Thanks so much I'll take it with a huge smile    What R U up to today?
Good morning my tweets. It is friday! And a three day weekend! 
Good morning everyone!  How is everyone today? I'm up, happy, less sore, and in love with so many things/ppl right now! 
Good morning everyone and thanks 4 following to my new friends 
Good morning tweeps, been real busy with work but I'm back. I have really missed all my tweople. 
@empiremagazine Doing ok, i'm 25 in at the moment and still going ;) Good work it's a good challenge 
Good morning sunshine. 
Good morning everyone!!! 
Good morning, everyone 
Good morning   Another gorgeous day!!!  And great weather for the holiday weekend.
More may come eventually but that is it for now. Good morning everyone. 
Good morning everyone 
@basantam Good morning! I will be more active soon! 
@basantam Good morning! I will be more active soon! 
Good morning everyone, you have to watch this! It is just ~that~ funny   http://bit.ly/2fzwGx
Wow, I haven't had 8 hours of sleep in forever, and it's not raining!  Good morning! 
Good thing about left overs? You don't have to make an effort with the dinner. *goes off to re-heat some pizza* 
No exams for over a week and prom tonight  Good times.
Good morning sad little indoor tree!  I can't wait to get outside on my break! ;) http://mypict.me/1nPX
@seblefebvre Good morning  oh cool ;)
In memoria of meetings: Not a one on my morning docket.  Good morning, Twitterversed.
Good day mate  hahaha
Good morning sunshine! 
Good morning! So glad it's a long weekend 
Good morning ppls 
@sugarrae Good luck, break a leg, break the realtor's leg, etc!  
@maiatee @andrew1913 sup my fellow ex coplanders hows exam season going? Good luck on the remaining exams look out 4 my tags on exm tabls 
To all who follow me. . .Good morning sunshines! The earth says hello 
Good night real good night! Now get up @Taleda! I'm tryna chill wit my baby b4 I go to steel city 2night 
@Schreibz88 Good morning, it IS gonna be a great day 
@onustees Good! I'm just planning the rest of my day 
Good morning sunshine!!  http://myloc.me/1oef
Good morning beautiful people. 
Good morning! Where's my coffee? 
@jgboghos Thanks a bunch! Good luck tomorrow 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Good day!  I am looking for long term relationship. I can send you my pics, tell me your email. Or write me  ...
I am stopping this morning to enjoy a well deserved (I think) long weekend with my family. Issues? Good.. glad we are on the same page. 
@geniewells Just twitter and tweet, keep it under 140. It's like &quot;real-time&quot; blogging.    Good to see you!
@RadiosInHeaven not too much ... Just finished finals yesterday so I slept all day today... Good plan  I work all wkend so that sux... U?
@TravelEditor Good news for my business - bad news if you get caught planning the trip  #travel
Good night diggers.  Good night tweeters.  Have a great night! 
@nickybyrneoffic Good to see you attending a great event.  Hope your teeth are great now.  Good night.
@BitchenFries True...a mother's work is never done. Good thing I enjoy my &quot;role&quot; as a mother. I wouldn't trade it for anything else! 
@iamdiddy Congrats on 1kk folowers &lt;3&lt;3 Good job !!! 
@insearchofnkotb It's ok-just don't let it happen again    lol  Good night
Being sleepy at work today. Good that it's only 3 hours and I can get to the serious sleeping after that 
Going to bed now. Good night everyone!!! 
Good night everyone 
Good luck with the baby  sooo tired and so much todo tomorrow
Just painted my nails and finished both of my projects, time for bed noww. Good night twits 
Good no test today,  but i have one tomorrow and the next day 
Something special about this day. Good morning everyone 
@Bizzarrojo thats what I'm sayin!!  Good night, gotta get up early
Bout to fall asleep... Good night 
@BeachMomOf2 Good night kind lady, until we tweet again - tweet dreams 
Good night, my friends &amp; #twitterfamily!  *hugs* &amp; much love to you all!
Good night ocean of cars, good night train horn, good night stars, good night moon  sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite
Good morning ppl!! I have had a great good night sleep! 
Good morning everyone! It's time to shower and grab some coffee. 
Good morning! It was my friend's bday last nite, and my head is paying for it today. Hers is probably worse!! 
@uconntam Good call  The whole song is just gleeful and fun. The whole show is great actually. I highly recommend finding a copy.
@picsiechick Good enough day for a free hug again? 
Good morning all happy hump day 
@thetristan Good luck! I hope work goes well and the coffee lasts as long as you need it too 
It's 10 and I have 6 screaming kids downstairs and burger king on the way....not a typical thursday night LOL Good night all! 
@RemiRockit haha ya. Good thinking! I think you have a solid plan to make money now!  haha You are to cute!
Good night All  good luck with the vampire politics!
Is Good @_mel_ good girl!!! haha  i have canned creamed corn for lunch booo: @_mel_ good girl!!! haha :.. http://tinyurl.com/lh6rzr
This has been a very long day.  I am going to bed.  Good night.   ...and have a pleasant tomorrow 
@taylorswift13 Good! Yay! Good night, Taylor 
Good morning 'verse - if yr able to stay in bed a bit longer, I'd do so 
@animallounge Good night and chillax it will all be alright on the night as we like to say 
@thewhooligan hello sir... Good sangria and lovely ppl at the table 
Listening to soft crackle of my pink floyd vinyls in my bean bag with a beer. Good times 
Good morning!  -well, for those of you who live in Amerika: Good evening!-
@zentaratea Hopefully the tea tastes nothing like valerian root! I'd rather stay up for a week then to taste that! Good luck! 
Good morning  It`s friday! :-D
Good morning !  'Neatza  http://bit.ly/SGDQi
Good morning everybody! and never forget: tgif! 
seesmic desktop keeps on acting weird on my laptop. Good thing twhirl is still superior 
I miss @caitlinrawson. Good thing she is coming up tomorrow 
Good night all, it's 1:45am and I'm wiped out....bye and thanks for listening 
@chadfu Good night. I'll talk to you tomorrow 
is up past her bedtime (I'm old....) and has such a long day tomorrow! Good night. 
Good morning everyone back to work, after my few days off 
Good morning in music to all my friend  http://bit.ly/ZZRtX
I'm out. Good night people. 
Good morning people 
Good morning everybody! 
Good morning sunny day 
Good morning everyone, how are you all? 
Good morning everybody. The sun is shining and i dont have to work. 1hat else doe a girl want 
@lararatnaraja Good call on the Stations. Could do it @ Lent, we could have some guys doing flagellation though that might put people off 
@piginthepoke Good morning, no I was tucked up in bed last night. A late night for you then. 
Good morning everyone. Looks like a great day, it's warm and sunny and I'm looking at pics of the new apartment right now. 
@AlexisMarie23 Good night!  sleep well, hope no one wake you up! 
Good news! I can pick up the guitar tomorrow, it's fixed!  (H)
Good morning twitter world 
Good morning,world!  .. I'll have to study a lot today .. so, don't tweet too much, don't wanna miss a thing *gg*
@mustntgrumble  What company do you order from? (Good morning btw   xx
@ohsnapattack makin me giggle at 1 in the morning. Good job attacking my snap 
Good morning! A busy, full, fun day planned today 
Good morning twitter  time to get ready for grad practice!
Good night everyone. 
