Most common words for this cluster:
[('good', 2710), ('morning', 765), ('night', 488), ('luck', 410), ('day', 354), ('today', 248), ('better', 139), ('everyone', 136), ('time', 123), ('tomorrow', 120), ('quot', 117), ('i', 109)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Good', 0.9353927969932556), (u'Bad', 0.6391125321388245), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.6023971438407898), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.5972517132759094), (u'gerry_davies', 0.5913062691688538), (u'KNEE_MAIL', 0.5901921391487122), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.5886508822441101), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.5880959630012512), (u"EDITOR_'S_DIARY", 0.5872719883918762), (u'LAKE_WYLIE_Largemouth_Bass', 0.5851882100105286)]





Bad news was Dad has cancer and is dying   Good news new business started and  I am now a life coach practising holistic weight management
This trolley has up packed in like sardines! Padre game and they REMOVE a car?! Good call MTS 
Good GOD they ruined my belly button!!!  
Good morning! Ready 2 go, but I want 2 go back 2 bed 
@JonathanRKnight Good Knight hun! Looking forward to ur tweets again! Hate that i keep missing out on the fun cuz of the time difference 
Good morning... I wish the weather was as good as in Germany today 
Good morning world, couldn't sleep tonight  Copenhagen doesn't want to leave my head...
Okie dokie my tweoples its been a long day and I have to be in the city by 10 am BOOOOOOOOOOOO  Good night my lovelies &lt;3
@grunt121 Good luck with The Big Meeting.    I hope the rumour mill is wrong.
@jjprojects  maybe a broken mbp from eBay? One with a broken screen or something. Good luck.
@JamboTheJourno I am indeed, the one with my RLC interview in. Good stuff, thought I'd finally found something no-one else had 
Levi- Good morning cruel world. Why does 6am have to come so early??? WHY??? 
@1indienation I wish  for now I'll read it the way Jane Austen wanted her zombie tale read. Good ole ink and paper
Good morning twitter world it's my 13hr day today   Keep laughing so I can get through it!!!
Good morning everybody! Hope you didn't wake up to snow on the ground like we did. Arggghhh! My poor tulips; I can see them shivering 
@pattigibbons Ha! Good one!  The snow missed us completely.  
@bigphatbandHQ No more hassle with vintage instruments  Good thing you (the band) help keep the flame alive.
Good morning everyone! Starting my day off with a nice cup of joe.....and an eye infection. 
@ddlovato Wish that i could see it..  Thats the downside of living in Sweden.. Good Luck anyway 
@geeksteve Good job, Stevo!  That game was dismal 
Good morning everyone .... Rob is trying to pull his foot out of his mouth this morning 
@rebeccajones Dunno how u can keepup w/2 accts. I could not. Good luck w/that!! ;) If I followed, I'd get randy 2, but it's bad for biz. 
Ummm. yeah. once again - blow a 9 -4 lead in the 8th. Good times... NOT.  Come on fellas... you can do it! #Angels
Dont wanna go to work in the morning  got soo much other stuff to do! Blahh. Good night
Good morning tweets. Sad day for me: i leave the Promised Land (Plano) for home (Indian Trail) 
Good morning twitter friends!! Beautiful day n have to be at wk 
Sick  Good thing its the weekend 
Bed time now. Stuart's off to Wembley tomorrow. Wish I was going  Good luck blue boys !
With my cousin and JC trying to get back to my car so I'm not extremely late for work.... Gunna be late though I think  worth it! Good day
Good morning freight train. Good morning Twitter. Weather is not favourable to drive in today. 
26 mile ride today,  got to see my brother-in-law and his family. Good day so far! Yard work may be the plan for the afternoon. 
Oh and also i want to reiterate my condolances to The Pirate Bay guys, good luck with the appeal. Good luck in jail 
Joeys team lost 9-7 today.  Good game though. There was a 9 y/o pitching 50+ MPH down the middle most every time.
Good morning tweetland ! Doing my sunday chores  so tat I can have fun l8r
Good morning I'm awake earlier than i wanted to be. Oh well off to work soon 
A Few Good Men is on... it's making me homesick 
Good Night Sweet dreams yall... wish i was in L.A right now  .....
Good GOD i just finished watching Making the band ...why he gotta to kick her out!!! i was so sad for Dawn 
@heather2711 Good thing I didn't find any then  None of the ones I like come in my size. Stupid big feet 
F1 at 8am needs to be more exciting than that otherwise I will fall asleep again  Good race from Vettel though!
good news, bad news...Warming relations with Havana!!!  Good cigars!!!  After taxes though, will be 1000.00 for one 
@Alecroce78 Howdy Bro! Good to see you here; trust Roma is warm and sunny despite bad day for Gunners 
@TheMattEvers Good luck! I still wish the show was coming to Scotland. 
A painfully dull experience is nearly over, new PC up n running, only probs;itunes  Bad Times! It's a speedy fecker and quiet! Good Times
We'll miss Robbie aka R2D2  Good show tonight, good times.
I had better go to bed if I'm going to school tomorrow.  Good Night everyone xo
Good morning Twitterverse. Rain has returned to the midwest. 
Good morning. Yesterday was a helluva day. I'm still tired. 
@smock1999 Good morning. Sorry I never wrote you back. Facebook has been blocked at my work.  But I can still get on here. hehe
@marksmithers  Good call, Dorothy will do. You should know this though...Herman
Good morning all. I'm up WAY too early for a Sunday 
BTW - went to the Lily Allen concert last night. She was great, so were her fans. Felt little old, though  Good signing, good entertainmen
@hanuman @lee_jordan Sounds like there are loads of you! Good meet I hope? Loved the last spag junc one. Wish I was there, but too busy 
Good morning. I just woke up. Freezing cold. I think it was the best spring break I've had so far. I'm sad its over 
Good morning. I just woke up. Freezing cold. I think it was one of the best spring breaks I've had so far. I'm sad its over 
@giannivt Good morning Gianni, ops it's a bit late but I am so sorry I missed the tweet, how rude 
@ToddKlindt Good deal!  I've been slacking on game time lately    You play Halo 3 at all?
We did everything but WIN today.  Fife 3rd. Good leadout for him. Couple premes. Good times and we are racing well together. BIKE DOCTOR!!
@SpectrumHope Oy. Good luck with that 
What a party last night!  Good old Emma comes up trumps with food and wine. shame the girl next door didn't show 
@simplyshannon Good luck with that!! The band was too loud accompanying Joe during some parts so you couldn't hear all the words. 
@natmrobinson It had a terrible ending  Good thing you switched books. Done with Picoult for awhile. Reading: The Help and like it.
Good thing I didn't put on make-up!  I'll never look at my dog the same agian. Oh, and I'll throw out the book. never again to be read.
Bad: Dead fox on the roadside  Good: Finally got my hands on mythical Passover Coca-Cola made without high-fructose corn syrup.
Good afternoon twitter world. Sad to hear chuck Liddell is not gonna fight in the ufc anymore 
Signing off for the night. Good night all! Seeya in 6 hours! 
Good morning all, another weekend in the bag. High for me, got a new TV, low for me ....still not finished unpacking 
Excellent start to the day! Looks like my mac died... 
Shit, lectures again. Better get to it. 
an x meant it was the correct leg!!! Good thing i didn't!!! Op will take an 1.5 hrs after I am through with drug guy. Getting a spinal. 
Good morning...mmm...the Winter is back...mmm... 
Aww meeting craig and alsly for lunch! Good Times! College tomorrow! End of semester closing in so its gonna be soooooooooo busy! 
Ughh.. School  Good morning everyone.. Worst classes today dammit! See you all at 4:00 and 35 more days of school yeah!
I can't Tweet from school anymore  If I don't want to get in trouble)...I'll have to wait until 4:30 - 5:00 until my next Tweet! Good Bye!
Good morning, Nashville. Looks rainy &amp; chilly today. In other news, wifey feels flu-ish. 
@Kyra028 Good ta. It's really sunny here today, but I'm working too 
@Ste1987 Good Luck! - you've probably missed this 
Good morning twitter!!! It's a rainy day in Connecticut 
@lilpoot @Xambot @franky1029 Going to listen to the show today. We'll never catch up in episodes at this rate.  Good job, guys.
apartment looks awesome. Good job @s_swan! Sorry I couldn't help... 
Good Monday morning! Beautiful day except for the fact that Ritz is off this morning.  Think it's from wet feet for 3 days due to rains.
@claytonchancy Don't ya just love it.  Good/Bad  - Not much tax to pay here, but that means that my sales are way down 
@IndyTalk didn't see it.. I'll be missing the races that have sold out to Versus this year    Good to have Dario back though!
Good morning not a very nice day here in Wales overcast   Off to work shortly so I don't think the weather will be a problem.
@purplesj Good morning, purple.. Sorry to see that you didn't sleep well. 
Better day in store today but not feeling quite right. Gurgley belly  my shorts have made their first outing watch out !
Good morning tweeples... I hope it is as bright and cheery as yesterday for you all. Even though I am still stuck in the office today! 
@peterdonald Good morning. Unfortunately I've got to work at base most of the day. 
@HagarSC Better not ask... 
@mitamata Yeah. Good thing I work at 3PM. &gt;.&gt; When will you be on this side of the ocean? 
@isdixon Good luck for tonight. Really wish I could make itnbut it finishes a bit late for me to get back to Skipton 
Good morning twitter world.  Feeling so lousy but I gotta head out to work 
@ParisCarney: gah!  I would totally love to go!! But, I'm too far away sadly!!Good luck!Eventhough you don't need it bc you'll be great!
Good morning.  Getting ready to go off to work after a 10 day vacation 
Good day everyone! Working on some big projects! Our youtube views keep freezing! It really sux! Guess we'll never see 12 million than.. 
Good news: Legally Blonde opens January 2010, Sheridan Smith confirmed. Bad news: DuncanFromBlue also confirmed 
SLG, last day n the D  gotta go out w/ a BANG! Toine will def get it right for us lol! Good friends, Good times, Great Fun! Let's Get It!
DRAT! Coach cancelled practice/game tomorrow. Good night. 
Ready to get next gen funders retreat started! Good: woke early. Not good: only cold water for shower and shave  moving on...
Rainy day in Victoria tday after grt week. Good day 4 r designer to take us furniture shopping. What fun  #victoria
Good morning, sunshine!  It's finally a beautiful day in Chicago! Too bad I have to work on a paper all day... 
Good grief---butter fiasco from other day is coming back to haunt me. Keyboard not working well and #9 key just fell off (bracket broke) 
Good morning.  I am dissapointed. Just received Paint Shop and can't install it.    Where's the serial#?
@Ice_Empress Good morning Sexy. California is already sad knowing you are leaving. 
@tjohansmeyer Covered in plastic bags? @ChristopherGurr Good idea! @rrayne Don't have any.  @viguera @Ladyexpat But it's so hot!
I started this week on a mission.  Good grief, it didn't seem that stinking hard.  Make a plan, follow it.  Not as easy as it sounds.  
@KristieW77 Good night, sorry you missed Donnie 
Good morning everyone! waiting for Kathryn, my assistant, for one of the last photoshoots we'll do together. 
Good times in Chapel Hill tonight... Sad that this is my last fun weekend in NC 
@LucasCruikshank  Good Luck In New York!! I ? you! Have a Safe Trip!! i wish i could meet you  xx
Good morning. What the heck, I can only upload to flickr with 44 KB/s ... 
Shower pump has failed.   Good job I'd ordered a replacement. Know what I'm going to be doing tomorrow.
Shower pump has failed.   Good job I'd ordered a replacement. Know what I'm going to be doing tomorrow.
Good morning!...gonna be leaving the beach &amp; heading home soon   Soccer game at 1
Good morning! Just woke up and took a shower now getting ready to play my last service at the Safe Haven! 
Good morning. Moving a little slow this morning from my bike wreck yesterday. 
@amblass We watched MILK last night!  Good, but so sad at the end even though you knew it was going to happen.  
@AnimalRightsNow Good4u~hate concept of Zoos period/&quot;ooh ur pretty lets steal u from ur family n lock u in a cage 4life&quot;  Buy  kids books!
Tummy hurts  Good thing mom's cooking today! 
Good morning...going to the gym. Have to keep the abs tight ;) ...it's raining 
Good morning twitterland. Wat will I do 2day? Finish cleaning da house, finish laundry  &amp; go grocery shopping - G my life is exciting ; )
Good morning Twitterville! @tedsmooth sorry i missed ur parties  I had 2 stay on the island! happy bday again! hope u had a great one!
Good laugh at Forest away, shame about result and that Dad couldn't go though  Liam made me miss the start of the match :-/ grrrr
Still can't shake this Swayne Flu(TM) dammit  ... but still had a great 12th Bday weekend with the boy! Good luck this week Tony &amp; family
Good morning everyone.  Rainy in NY 
@SpokaneDave I didn't run Bloomsday this year.  Good luck to U if you're running! (And please let me know color of the t-shirts-Twit pic?)
Good match today. Shame about Alonso though 
Good B-day yesterday: spent AM w/ church fam, dinner &amp; movie w/ my fam. Only downside: Canucks lost. 
Rite gonna try and do some of this much dreaded essay! Good times not! 
Good game, but sad ending.  Sore throat finally retreating, but hello sniffles!  Also, homework time. Meh 
@brokerkathy I've been here, but not terribly active.  Good to see your face.    Have you been well?  Doing reno's here.  
Good Night everyone and have a good morning if I don't have time tomorrow. I'm going to the dentist in the morning 
Mmmm... Good Weekend. I am sad it is over now. 
@meghannian  Sorry yes I was a little frustrated for being blocked  oh well tomorrow will be a better day  Good night
Good start! The pieces have come together. Sorry I take so long just to do this.  this afternoon let's do better!
Better not be sick again!!  
Feelin like ass   Good night...
Good morning! What lovely weather for a Bank Holiday! 
@isitvogue So I guess you miss the concert  Good set list. Too much bass. Couldn't hear the vocals very well. Ladytron was pretty good tho
is sad that it's her last night in Glendale. Good night. 
DOH. I have no self-control. Just downed 2 oreos.  Only way to stop is sleep. Good night. Lord bless ya.
@shushhh-Good morning! Getting ready to rain here...  We're not used to this like u guys are...lol ? http://blip.fm/~5je2p
Omg.... It's ssooo Cold! Bbbrrrrr.... I think I'v got a cold nnooo!   Not Good. xxx
Good morning everyone!. Don't think i can go swimming today because it's bank holiday, it might be closed so i'm staying in, again 
Good Monday morning--not really.  My cell phone just died.  UGH!!!! 
Good morning! 1st final today. Craming and so busy! ...Regrets? nope. Runnin my own race at this point. Congratulations to u for urs tho. 
Good night Twitterville.  Big Hugs all around everyone.  My clock is all screwed up.  This goddess need her rest.  (sighs) 
Good morning and goodbye. School.  Almost done though...so, so close. ? http://blip.fm/~5jjr9
@miczac Oh, no! I'm so sorry to hear that  Good job for toughing it out though.
[twistory.net] Good App!but  risk exposing yr privacy  all in  one     u can get  some  valuable competitive intelligence of one guy 
Good mornin Twitter  On my way 2 far roc  ii hate the rain it makes me sad 
Good morning all. Got my fishing daily done before work. I was g2g untill I got to work 
Victoria Embankment (650): Good size and spec rooms, nice location, but weird furniture and tenant hated landlord  #property #twdn
Just read my posts. I wonder what Homewrok is... Homework sucks.  Good bye for real now.
@valeryalta Wow, somebody has a very exciting next few months! I would like Lasik, but visual artist - my eyes = suicide  Good luck! 
Good night, even though we couldn't get into a club at 2:30 but its whatever! Cockpit needs to change its closing times, work tomorrow 
Thats me just in. Wohhoo. Good/bad night!  Party then Candle roooms. Fell out w best mate  but had amazing night!...
Good game MobileMe. Wipe my calendars and my hockey game was 2 hours before I though. No hockey tonight. 
@Shayne71 i'm so sorry to hear that, even my mp3 player is not working anymore  . Good news : i'm going out tonight to a club yay
@UncleRUSH sickness, it's bad... Good Luck tho. Feel better quick. I totally feel your pain. it's been 3 dr's, 5 surgeries and 1 1/2 yr 
Good for you Lace!! I hope you have enought fun for the bothof us. I miss my kids and I have to be where I don't want to be.  
I suppose I should lie down, and rest. I would truly hate to have to call off work tomorrow.   Good night, all. &lt;3 Zzzz....
@producerjacob Hi Jacob. Good for you to be able to go to 'The Big Weekend' In Prague I can listen but can't get iplayer  Enjoy! Cheers!
It's been 3 days I tweeted.  But that's too for a Good cause. I am Building a new site. So bit Busy.
ok having stollen and eaten all the sweets the kids are now grumpy and hyper! Better go!  X
Gonna catch some ZzZz's. Good night twits. Tomorrow is a day for enjoying with the person who gave birth to you. Your Mom. &amp; AP studying 
Good mornin!! Happy mothers day. Off to work  mommies shouldnt work today!! Especially not at 5:20am lol
Good morning, happy mothers day! Long day of travel ahead, and hours of precalc awaits me 
@leivah Good luck witht the walk! Running it will be hard on those knees though. I love walking and running, but I hurt me knees 
Aww there walking away and after about 20 minutes of crying the woman finally waps out a hanky. Better see what's on tv 
Good morning. Missing another worship service this week. A different child is sick this time. 
@Zara_X Thanks. Good luck for your exams too. I am so stressed about Computing though. I have no idea why I took it  xx
@JayNewell answer was a big fat no  only got in 345. Shattered man. Good result. U guys getting on it homie?
is sad that she can't participate in the hamster run today.   I hate being squishy! &gt;.&lt;  Good news is now I'll be an AT for the clan.
Back to my own store! Good ole store! Oh yeah store that comp floaded 
Good morning.  Happy mother's day.  Thinking of all those who have lost their mom too.  
@Ki_Innis Good advice! Thanks. The problem is, that healthy lifestyle is so hard to maintain on a college campus 
@chrisyeh Good review, I wish it hits India sometime soon 
Ok I'm exhausted. I need to sleep. Back to work tomorrow. I'm pouting  Talk to you latah! Good Knight!
@mharrell87 Good point. I'm still on season 2 from BSG though  Trying my best to catchup thanks to netflix 
Watching Celebrity Apprentice, and upset I now know won before watching the end of the show!  Good news is: I'm happy with the results!!!!
@LiveLove_Acting  Good luck!!
Good night Tweeple! I'll be off the air tomorrow,as I'll be moving some more. Early start &amp; long day! 
I forgot the Page 22 mag at home  but Felipe baby ... hm, will see  iPod with me ...  Good, good.  I thi.. http://tinyurl.com/odtwge
Kippy the cat had a sore tummy, so I had to spend an hour with her till she stopped making sad noises and crying  Better now, good night!
Bah, Canucks fail.  Good game, at least... Was difficult trying to watch both it and the season finale of House. ;)
Good night, Twitter! Wish me luck on my final exam  It's not going to be pretty.
Good morning all!  Feeling rather zombified yet again.  I just want to sleep!  lol
Good word, 'specific'. &quot;I name you the Big Ocean.&quot; &quot;Be specific.&quot; OK, I name you the Specific Ocean.&quot; 
@davidcook1 hi DaviD! Good Luck on your concert on Saturday! I wish i could go.. But i can't ..  Concert tickets are very expensive.. Hehe
@nennieknits I took a peek at your blog and I loved your blanket.  Sorry about the mistake, I know how it is to frog.    Good job, though!
@Trdboy15 Like my HS, college &amp; law school career.   Just force a page every 30-45m and hope for the best (or an extension). Good luck!
@SkywayAvenueXx At least you'll get Chemistry out of the way. Good luck with Arabic. Lucky you 2nd languagers!  uff
Good morning thespians, grey and stormy in Uk, a day of fixing computer for me 
Good Mornin' :$i've just woke up  but i'm already at the office  wish me good luck learning Ruby On Rails :d
@lesley007 Good idea. Problem is I'm stuck at work. No garden. 
can't believe how moving the plays were at the Leatherhead Theatre yesterday.  Good luck to all tonight and tomorrow; I cried so much 
Good morning world!  UGH!  Now I know why I make &quot;everyone else&quot; work the 7 -4 shift! It's barely light out there. 
@ThatKevinSmith Those are some sweet looking Jerseys sir! Good luck at the tournament!... Wish I could go! 
*sniff* Scrubs ending is sad  Good way to go out, although I always thought JD would have a brain tumour...would explain the daydreams
@jogblog I'll pass it over to you  - I'd feel a fake seeing as I don't run anymore  Yeah Good Idea about the jogger blogger
I wanted to go even though it was approx. 4 hours away. LMAO It sold out though.  Good thing it will be televised!
Ugly, rainy day here today.  Good day to stay in bed.  Too bad I can't 
Good morning Twitters and good night 4 me lol Laying down in bed Can't sleep Wondering why I'm alone and missing her it must be a dream 
Good morning everyone!!!! What great weather outside!  screw Canada and it's fluctuating temperature
Good bye, Mavs. 
Good morning. I'll have a Taco Mamacitas review up by tonight. I forgot #Lost was on last night 
Good morning from the (nearly) frozen north. It's very chilly again today at -10C (14F)! Getting very tired of this! 
Good morning, PDX. I did not sleep so well last night. 
@Absinthe_Review Good morning, did you have a bad experience with us? I am so sorry if we said something that offended you. 
Good night twitter. Sweet dreams xoxo. Wish I wasn't sleeping alone tonight 
@AdagioTeas Oh, the irony.  I feel for you!  Good luck getting to sleep.  
hangovers are never fun... even less fun when stuck on switchboard  &quot;Good afternoon St Vincent's. How can i help you?
Bad News: I haven't been able to find my ring all day  Good News: I had a really nice time with Gemini!
No Beyond Good &amp; Evil 2 on E3 
No playable Beyond Good &amp; Evil 2 at E3  http://bit.ly/GErwS
Good Mornin tweets!!! nice rainy day in England 
Good luck to everyone doing Manchester's 10k run. I had to pull out under doctors orders  but will be cheering everyone on!! xx
@nealthorley Good but I broke it already.  Stripped one of the cogs
. @DowneyisDOWNEY Good morning! Nope, @TheLastDoctor ignores me when you are not around! No battles without you!  But Tony was around...
Good morning! Listening to the wind and rain  not as relaxing as just rain on its own
Oh. It's suddenly got dark. Lights please. And it's raining. Excellent! 
I think i require Head Transplant  ...  Anyone Know A Good Physician ..?
Good morning everyone. Have to go out of town for a few days on business, not looking forward to missing my baby. 
Good morning!  Yucky day out 
@PvtMartinez Good Luck!! But 2 months is a long time  to be of the net
Good Morning Twitter ! I'm Starvinq  I So Need Comida !
I miss chatting with Jay on msn  Good times!
@Snappsgirl89 I just paid to have them bathed... now they are going to stink...   waste of $$   booo hooo... Good Luck... hopeit goes qk
Good sleep in Ames headed to Omaha bummed the audition isn't coming tonight 
@arte_de_gusTAVO *Good Luck Mister* Not going this year  Say HI to Raveka for me!!!
1first tri this year. Good news: 1st in Age Group. Bad news: I still can't swim   Friend Brian:     http://yfrog.com/12dh9j
Good Bye Vegas. 
@tommcfly U're not coming  2 years waiting for this!! Damned flu!! Please don't forget us! Good luck with the Latinamerican tour. Love u!
@Dannymcfly U're not coming  2 years waiting for this!! Damned flu!! Please don't forget us! Good luck with the Latinamerican tour.Love u!
@dougiemcfly U're not coming  2 years waiting for this!! Damned flu!! Please don't forget us!Good luck with the Latinamerican tour.Love u!
THe ATM took my card last night.  Good thing I have another account I can use.
@mcflyharry U're not coming  2 years waiting for this!! Damned flu!! Please don't forget us! Good luck with the Latinamerican tour.Love u!
Good day to wake up to the building's fire alarm and actually meet the neighbours while venturing to find some flames. Didn't find any. 
I miss driving the truck. How weird is that?  Sigh. Good memories, there.
Good afternoon tweets! Game not lookin so good. And with Kershaw on the mound, a comeback is doubtful 
I can't believe they did it with Michael Scofield... Good bye Prison Break. 
just lost, so this weekends tourney is over  Better luck nxt week!
reading Beyond Good and Evil reminds me of being in school.  i miss school 
Feelin that nasty acid reflux  yucky. I hope I can make it to class early enough to get some work done. Good night.
Good morning...or not. Don't feel like going to uni today but guess I have to 
Ive barfed two days in a row. wtf. Good news is ou have to get laid to be pregnant and its been too long. Way too long  Turkey Pot Pie!
Good night Ya'll I had a very berry long day  peace
@KeirCleland Hi! Good thanks, was really looking forward to coming over for the Railway gig, will have to book another trip now  How's u?
Good party last night. Played some footie and frisbee, had a good aul chat ;) too bad he didn't stay long though 
Good morning everyone! Had an awesome dream about Danny.... What a bummer it was just a dream  x x x
Gosh.. Good Night 
Good morning world of twitter - blue sky here in Cheshire but not for long I fear 
Too much work to do... Better get moving.  
Going home now - Lewis' BDay BBQ cancelled - Good could not be bothered  - too much bs going on down there! Washing &amp; Ironing awaits me  x
Good morning, whatever Tristan has I got.... refunding my supper in the middle of the night was so much fun!!!!!!!!  
@ladybug8320 Good morning hun, from a wet and windy Sheffield 
@iamsemmi @Fiskmat  Good morning Ladies its a lovely day enjoy it  Huggs such a long time since I've been slimed btw Malin 
@JoReynolds55 Oh no poor you  I'm good thanks, did you see my twitpic last night that Lydia drew in the pub?!? Good Lord!...
It's been a year today since my teacher Mrs. Good died  In Loving Memory Of Mrs. Good
Oh and Good morning twitters.. Its early and tryin to get these kids ready for school... Lexi's got her 12 mth checkup today...  (shots)
Good morning all , they are calling for a rainy day here in Ruskin Fl , No Fishing 
Good morning, Unemployment... ugh. 
Good morning... Back to work  why is it soo cold? Grrr
Good morning.  Going to school. On the bus now. 
Good morning everyone!! What a morning! Running a lot because i forgot the things i need to do.... i need a break right now to relax 
@Sarah812 Sorry, internet fail! Good morning! I'm faced with a day full of revision 
Better get back to work, only another 3hrs &amp; 40 mins to go. Then I really need to do some cleaning when i get in. 
@MrsNewlywed What a coincidence - I am getting an HSG today, too.  Good luck with yours. I'm nervous as heck.
@rahmuniz I just watched it!  Very Good!  Can't beleive i missed u again 
@arislyn Good isn't it..  I get a big laugh out of it in many ways.  I find a lot of the motion sensor moves hard to do tho. No Online.. 
Good: Starbucks chick gave me an extra shot of espresso for free. Bad: The sausage muffin I bought there made me way nauseas 
Good morning friends good morning Tani is cranky today very crannnnkkkyy  eff Mondays too!!
Good morning Everyone, although not so much, the boy is still sick, he's in good spirits but not well enough for a trip to the islands. 
Good morning all! First cup of coffee has not really done the trick.  May need to consider a 2nd. But first have to get Tot's breakfast...
@heathercawte Good plan!!! Your post is going out to you as soon as I can get the DH to the PO! Knee done in more  (hugs)
Good morning all!! How is everyone today? I felt so out of touch over the weekend with the tweeps 
Good morning all! Actually have to get out of bed cuz I have to do homework! 
Back home now! Good times (: Got to have Geography in my Friday.. not so good times 
Good morning!!!! CoCo is home alone 
Maybe I should start an Earphone fund and ask people to donate. Good cause na. Hmm...... *boohoo*   
Good mornin' tweets.  Mourning the loss of my Auntie Dalin.  I can't believe she's gone.  How do you tell kids about this?  
Good day gone horrible. Watching &quot;Seven Pounds.&quot; I need better friends. 
Saw Berkeley and Lan! Good times, but not seeing her for another 6 months 
The weekend is finally here!! Just chillaxin' after work watching Good Times and The Jeffersons they don't make sitcoms like that anymore 
According to the Good Beach Guide there are no decent beaches I can get to without a car. Public transport fails me 
A Few Good Vendors @StephanieKern - all my vendors are great - but not all are on Twitter 
@mike_online Ditto  Good choice of defense counsel - I hope she'll drop him, though.
Good morning, Twitter. Good morning, Spring allergies. 
@chrisdejabet Good Morn/oon. How you feeling? Not so good? 
Good early morning! Jj is not feeling well  keeping him company.
Cleaning day today   Better get going...
Good morning all!! So much to do but so tired at the same time 
is starting to prepare for the finals   Good Luck for all of YOU ;)
@RepubliCofFun Ouch. I hear you.  Isn't it funny how we &quot;plan&quot; it like it's inevitable/unavoidable? &quot;Good night and good luck&quot;(!)
Good morning! Got to deal with a lot of bs today  wish me luck ha ha thanks! Much love y'all
Good bye boy racing days  Hello truck and easy diving 
Good night twitter. ;) dinners STILL not yet done. ugh. 
@sugabear70603 Good too but my email folders keep crashing.    Other than that, awesome.  Thank you for reaching out.
@ChrisYosef Oh no! Good luck 
@Berlybugg  really?? GOOD LUCK!!! Doing well...work is calling  Have fun and again Good Luck!!
cing a heart attack or heart disease   Better start exercising tomorrow just to be safe
Well, isn't it always? I have time to sleep some more, but I am wide awake.  Good Mornin.
Good night. I won't be eating Apple Jacks tonight. 
@poprocker85 Well, yes  I deleted it for personal reasons. Good to know that your updating again! Your blog was really lonely this May. XD
Good morning all, No birdies singing this morning, but I dont blame them, it looks like it will rain today  Lets hope it clears for later
@PetiteAntoin my mom's French Mauritian and I can't speak French   Good luck learning it
Dammit, Evil Korea - be cool, just be cool. Us and Good Korea are over here trying to enjoy some bulgogi, no need to break that armistice 
@TheBigEasyTease Good! Sounds like you need to do more of that lately. 
?? is a creepy flick. Good creepy, uncanny shit. I'm showing it to Shaun, but Netflix keeps buffering at just the wrong moment. 
Good morning! Just went throuch the checkpoint in Paris and security took my creams away!  
Ok, time for bed! Good night world! P.S. I never heard back from him...   
@DavidCHerrera p.s. sorry they didn't get back.  Good that you are getting a lot of auditions. Something good will come!
Good morning all.. what a fantastic morning!! cant believe I will miss the 2020 cricket at Edgbaston tonight 
POWER'S OUT!!  Good thing I've got my CrackBerry!!!  No watching the news tonight. 
Is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear him say Good Night but that didn't happen  Good Night everyone....
I spilled my beer all over my leg. Wasted half my beer.  Home now. I met a cute girl. Good conversation.
@SuperFiasco  I'll make him nachos tomorrow. Better than if he would have made them himself.
How Come I Can Never Sleep Past?? Not Good 
@blindcripple Good idea Brain, you can't not be on Twitter... 
In Kelantan! Good to be (sort of) home! :pI'm guilt stricken after having that turtle egg.  Really. Won't do it again. Really. 
@addisontodd um hi. Good morning. Rough night? 
My mind automatically wakes up at 7. Huge fail -- it's SUMMER!  Good morning nonetheless. Gonna get ready for work now.
@DissidentFury Good morning, sis! Alas, it'll be time for me to say goodnight soon. 
@bethanyshondark Ouch. Better get used to it. I think 22 to 25 are prime marriage years. 
Better do some physics revision  x
got three grades so far: Math11 -&gt; B , Acct1B -&gt; A, Bio19 -&gt; A. Good times to be had. Sad about the math grade though. 
Good thing is: They have a computer. Bad thing is: It blocks ALL VIDJAGAME SITES! Yes, even VGTribune.com is blocked! 
These kids are terrible! If I was in Good Evans, I'd call Childline 
@rachaelblogs Good for you Rachel.  I have nowt 
A singing girl. Talented, yeah. Good to complain about? No 
@DirtLawyer Re: SWA &amp; Pets - Good news for owners, bad news for people w/ allergies who needed to fly for less $$. Sad for many I know. 
Almost time to say Good Bye to my twimulations. I'll miss my tweeps 
Fucking neighbors are slamming the door as a hobby. Good thing the middle class is dying and Ill rent forever! 
Doesn't have to go to work tomorrow! Good times! Revision though 
Well that just sucks. Good way to make me feel bad 
Good stuff, Smiles back? Why won't you go to his concert too? :o. Wish I could instead of working on my music which is failing  lol x
@xLilahhx Good stuff, Smiles back? Why won't you go to his concert too? :o. Wish I could instead of doing my music which is failing  lol x
Well good job to my two cousins that are graduates! Good luck in life!!!  &lt;never wear your pajama pants to school  &gt;
@rgoodchild yeah it made a great noise, and tripped the house circuit breaker. Good Times. $200 worth of parts too 
@JPuno Good to see you back. Sorry that happened to you 
Good there is a csi marathon on.. Not really feeling up to much!! 
Good try Nuggets. Maybe next year. 
@DanielleKulczyk OMG that sucks!! Good luck with that 
Cards now down 4-0 top of 5th and Ankiel is pinch hitting for the pitcher. New pitcher for the Cards already.  Good to see Ludwick too.
Good morning everyone in this twitter world! Bangun jam segini mulu  http://myloc.me/23fl
@JoenisNorac Oh no, that sucks so much.    Good luck getting it sorted out.
@davenavarro6767 nice meeting you in WA. Good luck with the rest of your shows. Wish you were playing near here again. 
..@LaBangBang I was a sec too late!! Sry.  Good luck though!! :~)
Walked into work, called &quot;Good morning!&quot; to everyone in reception, was ignored by ALL the production staff. Only crew replied. So rude. 
Is Good Maybe all of this was temporary??  hmmm, well i had some good times, it as fun while it lasted:.. http://tinyurl.com/ng6bsx
@stephenfry Good morning MR F. Dongle was fun. Must admit I got very confused at first thinking DT was a DNA creation. Mind's going 
@TomHemingway No probs!    Id promote you guys on my page but i only got about 20followers so wnt be worth it  Good Luck
@PammaApple i wish i could make your work be a vacation, unfortunately im no genie.  Good Luck in work today!
Omg. Good Evans was out.. Feel sorry about them.. 
Lady Ga Ga is done. Good but she talks a bit and appeared to be wearing no pants 
Good am.... Damn I don't wanna go to work... 
didn't get my bbq  but it's a beautiful sunny day!! Better luck next time...
Good morning tweets from Starbucks! My dsl has been down since yesterday afternoon - if you were wondering why you hadn't heard from me 
Good morning Tweethearts.  Tatt not done  still got healing to do. This joint is huge! Worth the wait for good ink art tho.
Wish i can just hang out like that w/ my Fave..   Good night!
Good morning!! It's a BEAUTIFUL day outside, but I'm going to work at Red Robin today. No outside for me for a while 
Garage sales with pops this morning? Listenin to coheed and cambria. Good times. Kansas weather is kickin in. 
@mikeschramm Good luck Mike! I would try the queue to get a ticket for someone (I live in CA) but I'll be at the Maker Faire. 
@epiphanygirl Good *whew* I just want u to know how much I love what u do &amp; appreciate any response at all. Best wishes on tour! No FL? 
Watching The Good the Bad and the Ugly with Clint THE MAN. As my b-f is a girly boy 
Good match (from a neutral viewpoint). Now back to the chores.  BBQ and music later. 
Good party! Looking forward to tonight! Although without tucker it'll be weird 
Good news. The more traffic I get on my blog site, the more spam I get. Oh wait, that's bad news 
@adam_d lol.. I'm not gonna marry her.. hehe =D She is an amazing person though, it's sad, who she's marrying though  Good night! =D
@angellalb went for a run today, and calf pain is back  back2thepool. Good luck with Danskin! You can do it!
@karenbynight Oh that doesn't sound good.  Good luck.
@mileycyrus Good, that makes one of us. Studying all weekend here, no fun 
How am i meant to chose who i want to win, four in mind are my faves, i will be reduced to tears, i want them all to win  Good Luck every1
Was quite annoyed with bgt last night cause Good Evans didn't get through 
Im passing through hilton head!  aw. Good times. Good times. GJK+KWR
@Ri_Guy:  paws are together in praying for you and your family!! Good luck! *smooch*
Good acts so far. Cringing for when Hollie's on though 
Good morning Suckaaaaas!! I'm so sick  i need medicine! Someone bring me some pls   
watchin' Britain's Got Talent on YouTube... Good Evans disappointed me 
Shift over!   But now I'm heading over to the studio for a session with Yellow Light Maybe!  Good times.
@falconsallies Good. Quiet this pm, due to footy. Few 2nd hand books  Sorry to have missed you. I'm off to Titchwell, tomorrow ;-)
@misshelen20 Good thinking! Clearly a genius so will breeze thru exam. I saw all the BGT tweets, feel left out. OH won't watch it  
@suzyonfire Don't know who the performer is  Will check when back home. Good music though! #bjm09
final over...no footie...i'm depressed  dunno why but i'm bored! Think i'm signing out for today! Good night then everyone x
Good Afternoon Twitter! It is a Beautiful day outside and I am stuck at work  for those who are not...enjoy the lovely day!
 It's NOT Gonna Be A Good Day Tomorrow 
@sofdlovesbsb Good, just hungry! Sorta upset that I missed the BSB stuff twice already, ugh! I hate my luck 
@Caroline_Pierce Good stuff...they have a really spicy sauce... nowhere near as good as that place by you and saddly no bread pudding 
@FallOutCookGirl  I know.    That's generally the way my luck runs too. LOL.  Good luck at meeting him, bad luck about show timing. Heh.
@tinytot9109 Good luck for tomorrow! Sorry I couldn't text back, still out of credit 
@ignorantsheep Good point. I hate to think what questions she'd be asked.  But then, Julie did a con, and they weren't mean to her.
Hate when books I want are out of stock.  May go and get Good Omens, though, since the copy I loaned never was returned to me. 
Last 3 episodes of Pushing Daisies start tonight @ 10. I had no idea. Good job ABC 
@Flossy28 Good 2 know it wasn't just me. I only just downloaded TD. Not a good beginning. 
@mayafish Saw it weeks ago. Good episode, enjoy watching! Shame its been canceled 
Just woke up! Stil got loads of reports to do...  &quot;Good start&quot; 
I miss being Bali Paper-Garlfrayn.  Good drunkie times.
Well there goes my hope of seeing a lebron-kobe faceoff in the finals... Good riddance &amp; good nite 
Better get back to work 
@ryee40007 The only console I have is a Wii.  I got no street cred! Good thing I don't need it any more! 
Studying for finals. Learned &quot; You Know I'm No Good&quot; today. Why did i watch the end of marley and me ! 
@heidiheartshugs LOL.  Good to know.  Er, they're not Chinese are they?  
@jonmcbride Awww man... that happened to me with Aki once. I called for her and wandered around until I heard her meow. Good luck! 
Snuggling under quilts with my baby cows... Good morning world! Assignment day today 
Wanted Lebron to win...  ok I'm leaving for work now! Good night everyone.
Good night all. I'm spent. On so many levels. Moving out tomorrow....so weird. Do not want....  all the sads
just saw Angels and Demos with my friend in Detroit. Good movie but what's with always having the hero being bad 
@MicheleAnneJ Better than being a boring 22 year old 
Good evening twitter. Jus been diagnosed w/ a head cold. I feel soooooo bad 
@kellyparadiso Good luck!! Sorry i couldnt be there. 
Good night last night. Worked all day. Day off 2moro. Hanging w/Belle b4 church. Work doubles Mon. &amp; Tues.  Want boyfriend/pillow. lol
@viveksingh  Hmm,,..well Good Afternoon to you to,.. Me wantin sum action on this lazy day,..but no chances o it happenin, sadly 
Good morning, well actually goodnight. Another night shift completed. Looks like a wonderful day. Shame I'll be asleep for most of it 
@jmkitten9 Yeah, can someone take mine too?  Good luck with yours.
Got to start packing up my apartment tomorrow  got to go back to the UK soon Good night all!
Good morning. Don't wanna leave bed but i know i have to 
Home....Gotta Wake Up Very Soon     Good Night
@janetcavanagh the climbing wall at one of them. Good article. Sperrins aren't high on the NITB agenda so we only get a few FAM trips 
@rachellucie Good luck at artsmix - it's local to me but I'll be too busy to get there  Let me know how it goes!
Hayfever sucks balls! Better wack the piriton out 
Good morning, tweeters -- school tommorow... These holidays have gone FAR too quickly!!! 
@The_Style_PA Good lady! I learned my lesson yesterday. Bad sunburn on left side. Staying indoors today! 
Good morning .. It's still dark .. Awesome way to start your day 
Good morning....I'm awake, was hoping to sleep later than this but my body won't let me  Oh well guess I'll get up and go to church!
Good morning twitterers. I was offline yesterday but, I lost 27 followers and stopped following 27 ppl. Hmm wasn't me. Something happen? 
@XlilmissdeppX awww I know the feeling!! Revising for human bio and health and social  Good luck with it, you'll do awesome ;D
@skybluedesigns2 bummer   My only other thought is Ebay. But I don't know how soon you need them. Good Luck!
Good morning Tweeps!! This is the day that the Lord has made let us rejoice and be glad in it! Pray 4 me I have a sinus infection 
Good Lord, I thought he was never gonna leave.  How do you tell someone you don't love them back when they'd kill for you? 
I miss his &quot; Good morning sunshine.&quot; &amp; &quot; Bye-bye Darling.&quot; Don't get it wrong people, i'm thinking of my baby cousin 
I had a great time at the Brickhouse last night!! Now it's back to work again today....   Good morning @jasondereksmith!!!!!
@jewelsmyfav Phoenix where are you?  Good news: I got a BB...well, technically its in the mail so I don't have it yet! LOL
@NB82 Good! I know how you feel about the arguments though... 
Today's Nat Geo India's workshop - Good workshop, badly organized 
W8ing 4 ID tech from the sherif dept 2 take fingerprints on my car. Punks tried a smash &amp; grab in my drvway last nite. Good morning! 
@buckhollywood YESYESYES! Why did you go back to 10? I was preferring 7  Better for the Brits. I can't stay up till 4am!
Good Mornin'. Unfortunately, I can't go to QLC tonight 
Good day at the races. Didn't win though  I suppose it's the taking part that counts.
@thecurvature Good post.  I was hoping that what happened w/the Clinton admin. &amp; clinic violence per this one wouldn't again.  It has. 
Good morning!!! Gotta go work on my research paper  
Excellent way to find out my grandfather is in the hospital- call during the beginning of my 12 hour shift at work.  
is at CC's Coffee.  A guy is sitting next to me and talking loudly to himself, like a real conversation.  Good gracious this is awkward. 
shit! Got coursework due tmrw that I haven't started yet. Better start now 
@jcwx86 Yeah me too...i just want all these exams to be over, they're making me so ill and im not really coping  Good luck x
Better crack on with the old science revision then. 
I love Sean Bean. he's the same in every movie. Good guy at heart who via events outside his control, ends up being bad. Not his fault. 
Ive not tweeted all dai.. helpd mothr with garden. No tan tho  Better luck next time x
The cable on weedeater broke. No replacements in town. That's bullshit. Headed back home 2 pull bushes in the hot hot sun! Good times. 
@Siz_Star POA is one sexy film/book. Hermione should blates be a boxer. Good Luck tomorrow. I've got mine too 
@Teri0542 lightening from last week?  Good grief that's a bit extreme. 
@1041pm You'll never ever be able to make me feel any worse than you just did. Ever. Good job. 
@Lucyylou Haha yeah. =P Don't know sorry, vaguely described as &quot;Summer&quot;.  Better now be when I go on holiday. Good luck tomorrow! xxx
Sigh. Good job mom. Take the key that unlocks the door off the key ring  stranded waiting for my dad
@GlutenFreeDiets That is a great idea,  I haven't got an Iphone to check it out on  tho, Good news is that the pass I got worked 2day!
@Londie29 Yoli Whats Good! I miss u guys 
@allynrawr Better be  I hate these people, theyre weirdly religious and are always asking for money
Just wanna say Good night to you all. I don't want school to be over.  Crazy,I know.
The joyous lack of school has been dampened for many by the amount of revision material that is replacing it. Better get started. 
Good morning!!! No one's coming with me. 
The fine set of Tennessee boots are def worth mentioning!! Good job keeping it real yet drop dead gorgeous.Matty got a haircut..zero vest 
@willeagle I miss ALL the good stuff  That's pretty amazing. Good for SBC.
Good news - I have my copy of Simple Student Ministry, go Jeff and Eric! Bad news - Gators thumped the 'Canes, no Bar-B-Q for the U 
Good morning all. Still in bed. Gonna get half an hour more sleep then I'll get up. I really need to learn to drive. I feel imprisoned! 
@fabro84 ok  lolll Good night! Make good dreams 
Etsy treasuries opening in about two hours.  I'll be asleep.  Good luck to those in other time zones.. #etsytwitter
Good morning Tweeple! Had a terrific WE! I really wish there were a law forcing companies 2 give out a 3 days WE instead of just 2  booh!
Good morning world. Exam in about an hour. 
Good damn morning..!  Very very annoying morning, and I'm once again late.. yippie for me! 
Better get out of bed, so much to do 
@thom_white Good idea . Trouble is i am already in work 
Good Weekend trend continues, won some gen contest  USD 50$, which sadly gets converted to 500 INR 
@CorNEILiuZ Northern General or the Hallamshire ?  Rather you than me  Good luck.
Good morning!! Outside is rain and inside is pain  Maybe its not a good morning yet!!??
Good morning  Got a busy day ahead 
Good morning all from Geneva! Wonderful weekend spent in France...now need to spend the day doing what I didn't do over the weekend 
Good morning everyone! Just woke up... Have to do some housework later 
@davidoz Good luck with the mass &amp; mess of marking. Unfortunately I can't make this years' shows 
Good morning everyone! Great weekend, too bad it ended with the babe scratching or poking her eye. Gotta take her to the pedi today. 
Didn't get into July cut of @oneandother  Good luck to those who did!
Better but still feeling sick 
@laurah21 Good luck with the work! Making money is no child's play.  I am in office too, too bored 
sitting with my bleeding nose   But y'day BBQ was great! All satays are gone... Good job guys. x
LOL sitting with my bleeding nose   But y'day BBQ was great! All satays are gone... Good job guys. x
Good ole fx makeup. Having an awesome time in Austin too bad I won't get to see any of the city though..  http://twitpic.com/6e8e5
Good morning peeps.  Time to get ready for work.  Back to the office for one week.  Ugh. 
Good morning everyone! I hope everyone had a GREAT night cuz i no i did lol i gtg to school now  ugh o well love you lambs! Bye bye
currently running at 55 degrees. Better than the 80 degrees it's been doing, but still way too hot 
@Mimo777 Phew! Good luck for Stickers ;-) But he said he was moving an cudn't comment... i still feel bad for Stickers 
@jennsbookshelf Good idea! Did I tell you what a pleasure it was to meet you at BEA? I just wish we had longer to chat 
@smileonice Salad. I forced myself to eat it with it being Good For Me and stuff but it was a chore 
@DonnieWahlberg So wishing you were in the Carolinas instead of ATL.  I should be heading to CLT today instead working   Good luck!
Good morning. Coffee email then work 
@dpeterfreund Good luck with that! Yay for saving electricity.  Here in TX, open windows are no longer a possiblity.  
@dpeterfreund Good luck with that! Yay for saving electricity. Here in TX, open windows are no longer a possibility. 
@chicogarcia Oh no. I don't like that, You get sooo hungry!  Good luck!
JUNE 1. Good bye, summer. 
Good weekend.Shame  it's over and back to work!  My turn to cook tonight so might have to have a day off tomorrow with food poisoning!!
@kardia Ugh, dude, BSOD's suck  Good luck getting it fixed!
Good bye Captain S  http://bit.ly/5ueRU
Do ppl think by not showering &amp; then smoking right b4 they get on a bus they wont b offending ppl around them? Good morning 2 me I guess 
@amandabynes Good morning to you!  Not so good for me... I got ill but not in the good Fresh Prince Of Bel Aire way.... 
@AlexFinnis It's nice aint it! Better if i wasnt at work 
&quot;Each day's a gift and not a given right&quot; - &quot;Today was Your Last Day&quot; Good song.  Driving home from my vacay 
@mileycyrus Aw.  I'm gonna miss HM too. The Last Song is gonna kick-butt! Good luck.
Good morning twitter! I am w/o my regular computer once more  This is already a MONDAY!
@TaraLynnFoxx  You are AWESOOOOOME!!! Good luck in the suckoff!! I wish i was there..... 
@MsLipgloss thankssss I hope I feel. Better too 
Fire season officially starts today in Cali.  Good times 
Good Luck today @JamieAnn66!!!!.....RIP Bowser.   
Good question. I'm baking for my daughter Brownie Troop's last meeting today. I am eating all the drippings.Lol my tummy hurts. 
Hmmm there turning all the Mobil stations in town into circle K's.  Good bye mobile has card you were a good friend 
@DayseluvsDMB Hi Dayse. Good to hear from U.. Been on a roller coaster as of late. No job - still - growing restless &amp; feeling like a bum 
He'd regularly e-mail me to check in and thank the 'community' as a whole for it's efforts. He leaves Wife Vickie.  Good man.
Good afternoon world. Today will be based on being as productive as possible through cleaning, paying bills, organizing and more. Pens 
@mitchelmusso  I'm having surgery that day... I wish I could go! Good luck, Hun!
Shame Ubisoft won't be showing Beyond Good &amp; Evil 2 this E3  #xbox #e3
hurt her knees  Boo. Walking to the beach was fun nonetheless. Good thing had the subway ride home to relaaaax
@rachelstarlive   Better lay down girl.
Noooo! I'm missing the Gadget Show!  .. Good job it's on my Sky+
Excellent motorcycle ride today, now let the sneezing begin 
@liagalanodel Good luck w/ the interview. Nea PMed me. He left the guild, so they aren't coming back. 
Excellent news ! A new  release of #MonkeyIsland is coming out ! Too bad it seems not to be available on ps3 
Damn no more Gadget Shows  Good final show. Fifth Gear is no substitute!
@nathanieltwood The 'Nate Good' caption/pic of all of us from the Men of Style party didnt make it in the magazine. The pics are out now. 
@willebil Good luck. The wireless adapter was the reason why I gave up on Ubuntu 
@heymonday Wish i could go to lets make a mess but my parents won't let me.  Good Luck on your first headliner. 
@Cameren90 you were first, but you already won this week.  Good work!
Nice evening out here on the patio - Wow!  Hope everybody is doing fine out there.  Good luck to all at GM, except the CEO 
@StarSlay3r starslay3r.net is up and running. Good to see. Now if #pmsclanforums was 
@beut1 such a stupid thing to do. I wasn't paying attention.  Good thing we were making aspirin today. Didn't have it in me to take it hah
Finally signed up for Audible (after innumerable podcast ads) only to find that it's not compatible with my player.  Good going, Audible! 
I was very unsatisfied with Ubisoft's conference... Assassin's Creed @ the very end and no Beyond Good &amp; Evil 2. 
@Pretty23rd Nah-AWW i was Good I attempted to be bad but the only REAL naughty-ness that i was capable of was Dirty dancing 
@Mamazilla771  Good thoughts from the NW.
Finally, sendmail works.  My TWC IP range for outgoing SMTP traffic to major IPSs does not.    Good thing it is only for practice.
BUMMED,,,,      Why do the Good People in our Lives have to Go First?????
@DavidArchie OMGosh!! I can't wait to watch that movie! It's not released yet here.  Glad to hear it's great. lol Good night!
@juicyjesso Yeah, I had that back in Dec.  I even got on a jury but thankfully it only took two days.  Good luck!
Good night  agh school tomorrow... AGAIN! Come on Summer, you're only a few weeks away 
@Savannah_Crouch Good job!!!  I miss working out.  I hate being sick!!!!  
@BlokesLib Good night from me! I have a long drive in the morning for my pups weekly chemo  Don't work too hard!
Tried to snag a dog that was scared, standing in the rain by the side of the road. He was dragging his chain. Good luck, little bud 
Morning, I still can't see my profile pic  Good luck to my son Jack for his English exam today.
Jay leno is off...i forgot..  i was looking forward to headlines... Good night world!
@Aeronautical742 Good luck.  Stupid spyware.
URL for the homepage of &quot;The Good Guys&quot;'s website: http://www.thegoodguys.com.au/portal/page/portal/tggwebportal/corporate/storelocator 
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Good day! I cant upload more pics here for some reason  Tell me about your character... I can send you my pr ...
@so_zwitschert Good idea. I'm struggling to write at the mo. Maybe I should remove myself from the distractions of home 
Good morning Tweets! Gotta go to work 
had a terrible nights sleep. Better get used to it  
Better start doing some revision 
@callasandra Are you ill? Get well soon my baby  Good thing you got your college already, hehehe. Luv you DD!
@thuybees Good to hear. Can you believe I am yet to start studying? So screwed  
@ProNotion Good luck, I just received the report, it was a good year so  No fun at all 
@belledame222 I don't understand why socialist is a dirty word in your country, Belle.  Good article, if very disturbing. 
@tawah  Good luck!!!! Too much of Red Bull is bad too! Don't stress yourself so much!
@leeannekenny Good. You weren't feeling the good times yesterday. 
@misrule_au Excellent news, although it's not until early next year 
@rnzr @happymonkeyshoe @markwithers Correct but not quick enough sorry  Better luck next time...
I hate getting nauseous (was up til 3 in the morning like this) and today's Mitty's last day! D: NUuu! Good things must come to an end 
@DJEIGHTMILE Good morning to u 2! Gr8 2 c u. Ready to rock 'n roll! Have to close twitter for a while 
Good morning Twitter.  Isn't lovely out?  I'm gonna be couped up in library the whole day 
the season is over  Good luck to the Magic in The Finals
Good Evening! It's raining again 
Good morning! Debating whether sleeping comfortably w/ windows open is worth waking up w/ legs covered in bug bites  OUCH
Good day at the park today. Think i'm a bit sunburnt though 
Good morning! Wishing that jobs had summer vacation to just like school 
Good morning!! Almost rescued a turtle this morning but a sweet lady stopped before I could get back  poor guy was scared 
Turned in early last night but had to get up twice to walk off leg cramps!   Good ride into work this morning.  No urge to eat this a.m.
Good morning! Gotta go take Duchess to Grease Monkey  new wires! Whatever that is lol
Donna your sister-in-law....you must make the reunion next year.  You've missed both of them now   Good seeing your kids and the rest.
Good morning everyone. Try to make today a positive one.... Still missin my family like crazy! ... Been away too long 
Better day @ worm so far...south beach steelo us fading 
Good that they show Petrucci playing, can't hear him 
Only 1 hour 50 minutes left of work  Better get back to it then 
@icurl Good luck to you! Miss you man  Please come hom very very soon or I will be forced into early retirement... from life.
Just finished Day 2 of 3-day retreat. Good content but no web access and near north pole. Have to drive car instead of cycle 
@tiffyT That's ok. Better late than never  what's up? I'm bowling tonight...playoffs for my league. And I'm not doing well 
hope I'm not really what I eat. I'm eating almonds..which would mean I'm nuts  . Good Night All!!!
@truskowski Good night! I already know I wont be able to. Too much on the mind. 
We both know I need 2 fall out of love with u. Would be great if u would let me try  Good Nite =*
Ok Tweeps, first : a Good morning to y'all! How are you feeling today? Second: I need to go to work  So... mornin' rush and no twittering
@dangerpudding Oh that's obnoxious.  Good luck tomorrow!
@metalmeisje Ewww...that pretty much defines crummy right there  Good luck with the presentation, and I hope your day'll improve.
Good bye for today .. I'm leaving the studio for my internet-less home! Only six days to go  Come on OPtus!!
Going to bed...another night that ended quickly.  Better luck tomorrow?  Who knows... Probably not.  
Good morning wold! It's a bit clouded hre in Holland, And I was planning to go skating today. but were not gonna skate if it's raining. 
@wossy Been taking zyrtec for 8 months straight...  Seem to be allergic to Brisbane. Try to go off every now and then. Fail. Good luck!
Good morning!! Just got to work 
@michaelnotte @siegertd @netlash Good luck with the #wawbe this evening! Too bad I have to miss the sessions 
Good morning to everyone. Damn I had to go to work in 20 minutes   .. Take care everyone
Good morning folk, i hope you are all well. I'm feeling a tad weird today... i just want a cuddle  xXx
Good morning, got to go pick up my car in the city  Tweet you later !
Good morning all! Just woke up with a killer headache  urgh. what did I do last night? (no alchohol was consumed I swear)
@AndyAdrenaline Good! I'm gonna be gone to Texas ALLL next week so I am gonna miss SOO much! 
@MICHAELKTHNXBAI yep  No wonder they're having to sleep in their van cos they can't afford a hotel,lol. Better play the old stuff tonight!
Good or bad news 1st? OK, bad - I've worked 100 hours in 7 days  UGH! Good - I'm going back to school  More paper, more options LOL
Good morning everyone (or good afternoon here actually ;))!! To-do list for today: find a job. Times are tough... 
@terrysharpimb Good to have you back in the ministry, Terry!  Up early indeed! 
Good morning Twitterville! 8 am mtgs are not for me. 
@joannasaw Good for ya! I'm still contemplating on getting it. It's bloody AU$99 
@radhikabajaj Good luck for tomorrow and have a great time! Looking forward to know more about Eco farm! No idea 
@MissKatiePrice  Good!! Can i ask, why ur itv show missed a week out, last week ? There was nothing to watch on that thursday, gutted  x
says Metro traffic was extra rough for me tonight...  Oh well... Good evening to everyone... (bye) http://plurk.com/p/y4zzx
Well, I change my background . I have to study. Good bye 
Good morning Twitterville! I am in class once again 
Good morning, I love twitter. So much info!!  Have a great day. Beautiful sunshine here this am. Day here b4 surgery. NO FOOD!  Not happy)
Not. Feeling. Good. Head. Ringing. 
@jordanknight I've never been to a Waffle House.  It sounds like a pretty popular place though! Good luck in rehearsal!
Good morning tweeps! Cloudy day here in #chicago  Let's hope it clears up by the afternoon!
Good morning Tweeties! It's time to rise and shine and get my day started. I watched too much news this morning  Have a great day!
@SzF_Stylist Honey! Im bored with twitter, few friends use it so its not that exciting  Hows things goining with the exams ? Good luck!!
Good morning! Off to an early dentist's appointment  Then, off to another meeting.
Good morning...I feel a lil better 2day...this HEAT is NO JOKE!!!!! They say it was 93 degrees yesterday 
Needed a shoulder, got the stiff arm.  Better at it alone anyway 
@themakeupbar thank you so much for the well wishes! Better today, just not 100% 
@ChilmarkD I'm very sorry to hear it didn't work out. Better to find out now than later I guess. 
upset miss @sophieharris10 will be leaving us tomorrow  Pastries for breakfast tomorrow morning! Better work hard at badminton tonight
Good news: Free floats at Sonic Drive-ins Today!  Bad News: The closest Sonic is 30 mins away.  
UGH. One flippin test brought me down a letter grade in Calculus  Good thing is, NORMALLY I would care, but I REALLY don't anymore hah
@jordanknight @DonnieWahlberg You speak when one sleep and you will lie down when one rises.   Good night and full with kisses
Just caught JCVD on Netflix. Good movie but the streaming version was dubbed! I feel slightly cheated 
@FlidMaster  Ah sorry to hear that. Better luck next time mon ami!
Good morning! Fuckin Orlando got spanked.  Home, luvin this rain.
@KimPossible40 Sorry to hear that  Good luck! I hope you find something you enjoy soon
just as I was getting excited, sad news: weather and aircraft difficulties have cancelled my tandem jump               Better to be safe!
@Celtsfan348 Good Idea but pharma/biotec stocks still seem to be on fire GNVC seems like it still has legs but not sure. Holding INSV 
Good morning tweeps! Runnin super late this morning AND I left my earrings on the kitchen table 
Good 4 u cuz im broke  well i have $ n my pocket its jus not how much i want! ----------  qcaffee: Well today I'm goin to the mall
this is kinda sad i have no one in the house to watch over me. i am about to sleep alone again for the 1st time in 22days  Good Night ppl.
@brendaobrian Eep. Good luck, lovely. I gotta get mine out this summer and I don't wanna. 
Good Thoughts and prayers please as my friend Sheri is currently in the Hospital undergoing tests to find out what is wrong with her!  
@tommcfly Good Afternoon Miss Twitter!  Tom thank you for the days he was in Brazil, not even going to show  - I do not know speak English
Good morning twitter friends! Van BC has lost the sun and the heat 
Ate lunch at Shine.  Good food...the tatertots...ahhh.  Service...eh...and no paper products in the bathroom? Wet hands 
@ShyTrbleMaker I know. Believe me. Just giving you a hard time.  Good luck.
@kjerstia I was looking at those yesterday (did you find them thru Rosie?). Good shots, but so sad..  What an empty life to live...
just bought a new blush. But things will NEVER,EVER be the same.Good bye, indian dust. I will love every mark you ever left in my clothes 
@vautrin Damn, bummer dude  Good luck on the search - I definitely know how it feels.
Ow. Good ice cream, but my stomach still hates it. I hate you too, stomach! So there. 
@leah_x3 oh wow! I'd be like 'Damn! Family time!'  you are very excited! Good for you! ;)
@FrankieTheSats Good luck with the Take that crew - I'm so pissed that you're not the support on the night(s) I'm seeing them!! 
Installed my new barrel heat shield on my shotgun and it doesn't fit and I kinda bent it in the process  Good enuff for now. #bangbang
Well, I change my background . I have to study. Good bye 
@HBanner actually I felt Better not Being on weird I know LOL. I missed talking to u guys tho. 
@tommcfly  Good Luck in Argentina, i wish i could be there 
Better go and fight the cats for a place in ma bed 
@alithered77    Good luck!! I hope you can!! Comps crashing BLOWS.
Good day for my fave stock NTRZ, up 33% - too bad it's only at 26 cents. I really think it will recover, but sure wish I sold at $5. 
@eventersmom Sounds like fun! Good luck! Hopefully the weather behaves! Got drenched again this afternoon in DB 
@TheIrishGuy I'm using my old (as in 6 yr old) laptop. Good thing I kept it. Not so sure it's software. HP Recovery Manager won't run 
Good nite all! Sweet dreams! Twitter coming down at 8:00 pm pst. And I've gotz work to do .... 
I woke up at 6 instead of 4 :'( Good news!; AMath was okay, though I freakin' sure my answer for the 1st question is wrong  Shiz!
Why must you talk to me? Better question. Why can't I just ignore you and dismiss you from my life? 
Visited many WWII sites today. Shed a few tears   Good night Twitter world!
I sorry cameron  is that why you didnt answer my text! Better be why girlie.
Good morning all! Short night. I have a headache and a sore throat. 
Good morning my Friends.What for a night the moon was so beautiful and i can not sleep. 
@BarryZito Where've you been all week? No laptop on the road trip?  Good win today!
Good mornin' evryone. It's raining  might go to the hair dresser later and my fridge is quite empty...who wants to go Shopping for me???
Good morning 8am! Haven't seen you in a while! 
Good morning everyone!!! Short night, shit weather and I have to work today 
All dressed up with nowhere 2 go!  bf lost his id so Im stuck @ home. Have a headache either way so...Good night guys... &amp; Hello advil pm.
I'm tired .. Boo   And also hating that the cold and rain is back  Good day to spend in bed!
@TheSpinDoctor no kidding, your son goes to Avalon jhs? I went there. Good school! Sad mr. Burke ex principle past away though! 
Good morning everyone! I think I still feel a bit loopy from yesterday's GA. And I _hate_ this tube bandage. It's giving me extra bruises 
Good morning everyone! At Praktiker, ready to slit my wrists... 
Looks @JonathanRKnight may be done twittering already  (usually I miss all the fun when he is on) Ok time for sleep. Good Night to all!
@katiachic No. As far as I know JK still hasn't announced the winner!  Good night! Sleep well! Have sweet dreams!
Good morning! What a dark, gloomy, rainy day in Germany today. Where did the sun go? 
@mars_d Good morning Mafia!!have you change your name??why??..ufff i don't want to study 
@paulpuddifoot Oh! Good for her! I will miss her! 
@AbbyGoodwin Good Times! she is at Heaven tonight, but I can't go cos I'm working! boo! 
Good morning twitter!!! Weather is poor  Dell Mini 9 Is Brilliant
@rahulgaitonde Good old 3 year old N70 ME 
@pcreux Sun???!!! Not in Lyon!!  Good Week End
@DavidArchie Indeed. cant stop sneezing myself  Good luck at the game today!
Good morning Tweeple! just so y'all know I'm not ignoring you I'm in a converence and have a junky phone. I'm not ignoring you. 
Nice and wet day. Good for...paper writing 
OMG  I just drove by a dead moose  There was a cop atempting to get him into the back of a pickup truck by himself. Good luck with that.
Good afternoon! Having a serious and bad colds today!  :-&amp; http://plurk.com/p/yu0sj
Good morning all! just got up myself. Missed entire #redsox game. kinda glad.  
Good morning all! Plans for today have been scuppered by shitty rain and cold, cold wind. Where has my lovely weather gone?! 
@MeaganOnlineNet :Good morning...wish I was over there on the Westcoast with my boo Lil'ant in Chino.  
Tired, so tired...listening to the Unbelievable Truth. Good times. Nothing to do today, would play golf but the weather is crap 
@Yossarian66 Bummer  I don't think I could write anything by hand now.  Good luck!
Good morning.  Woke up to snow falling here in Calgary. 
Good morning. I just too two Aleve - hopefully that'll kill this headache! 
Good morning world. It's pretty here n S.C. I'll be headin back to the carolina thats north of this one to go home tomorrow. 
Good morning! Well not really due to me having to work at 11  
Decent start, but it's all gone tits up at the end of the 1st half. Not good... 
Good morning, I love twitter. So much info!! Have a great day. Beautiful sunshine here this am. Day here b4 surgery. NO FOOD!  Not happy)
@michelleflores Michelle, I gotta wake up. Good grief, I'm lagging.  I still have that icky &quot;eye snot&quot; in my eyes too. 
Good morning Twitterer's... The zombie walk is today! I think I'm too late 
Celebrity pet show on NDTV Good Times. I miss my dog 
Good morning! Pretty dayyyy. Miss my friends 
Good campout. Needed more sleep though 
Good morning all.  Man my cat was bad last night... he would not let me sleep 
Good morning Twitterland. Apparently summer weather was only teasing us. Now we are back to Spring. 
@benjaminws Oh my!    Hoping surgery goes well!  Good to hear baby-in-the-oven is fine.
@lsmith1964 Good to know. Son learned in an hour at age 5. Daughter just not as coordinated. 
Good morning!! Headed to the DMV soon 
@leici Good luck! Sorry I couldn't donate this time around, with the kittens getting sick I've had to pay a fortune to the vet. 
just watched the most horrific and twisted film ever (The Good Son) 
@jmaxsfu Good thing. BTW really wanted to attend your session but was back-to-back with mine 
Took SATs and now have to go to work  Good news is i can go to Grad parties tomorrow!!!
@CharissaCowart ur still in Atlanta!  Good grief 
Missing him  Good Luck Love!!!! Your gonna do great!!! Heading out to jeremeys in a few...p.s congrats jason and steph!!
@andrewschof Good. Done a bit of shopping then work. Shame about the horrible weather though 
Good D-Day documentary on BBC Four. Old war documentaries are best, because there were so many more people alive to interview 
Good bye RHJ 
maxed out my ipod touch. What a tragedy.  Good thing I still have my 30 GB video ipod.
@KidnapDavey Mmm maybe... yes.  Good reason and good fun though!
need some lunch...can't survive on Good &amp; Plenty 
Dinner dance was awesome! Good job to everyone at awards night...official graduation today. I will miss you class of 2009 
@MissDK Good to see Dutch Pride on Twitter! ;-) Wonder why I don't see your updates though although I'm following... 
@PurpleSuede Good job!!!!!! Jer feels really bad that you are out there alone 
Efficient @SuperDMeister found the dog's owner. Good for them.  for me
Good Golly Gee Willickers....I think I am going to have to get surgery on my cocyx...again...it's killing me! 
@ameeface Well, if you do, you might eventually have to refer to http://civanon.org/. Good luck and God speed, brave one 
@DarkGX Good detailed #Sims 3 video review...video player sux on this site though  Maybe u will have better l... http://tinyurl.com/q67tqu
@backroad Good to know! Looks like the cable isn't actually up and running even though they said it would be 
Good luck and have fun on tour @mechanicalboy &amp; @windsordrive. Sorry I couldn't make it to the tour kick-off last night 
Why must tablet nibs come in the tiniest packet I'm destined to lose? Better order some moree. 
@grintoul Good point well made. I looked damn good. Unlike the hedge - me and hedge trimmers are not a match made in heaven 
Good luck Qusay. Here's hoping someone calls the number on her collar. 
@msmanket Good choice. . Knew it wouldn't be as sweet as advertised 
@therealTiffany awe, I'm sorry  I hope you feel better!! Good seeing you last night.. Wish we could've talked!! Take care!! xo
Good morning. One day left till asdfghjkl; Later, we're having a despedida for my tito and cousin  So early. I'm gonna miss them so much
Becoming increasingly disillusioned with Twitter.     Feeling a bit depressed.  Off to bed for me.  Good night all!
Had an AWESOME time with Moriah at the mall. Too bad it had to end  Good night everyone (ttyt ;)
@joebonsall Good Evening Joey - this pic won't work for me  Can u retweet it please? how was the show tonight? must be quiet on the bus.
I need sleep..I think my eyes actually ache  this phone is just too cool for sleep... lol. Better catch some much needed zzzzzz's. &lt;3
Sittin In The House Not Feelin Good 
Good morning Twitterville!  How is everybody tonight/today?  I haven't been on much today, not feeling well.  
@LouGagliardi Good grief..  well don't let it go if you can help it. Are there any support groups at college for the economy ?
@RowanMcBride I agree with all of those.  Twist and turns right to the end and I already miss it.   Good thing it restarts next week! :-D
WTB Good friend 
Good Night  (depress)
Good morning! Been up since 5am cos of baby  feeling like a zombie
Sitting at Europa,trying to connect,but keep getting connection time outs  dammit.. Good coffee though..
No sleep yet!  I'm almost home! I love NYC just not who I shared my time with. Good night/morning Fab Tweeps!
Better get on with work 
@Beachbabe1 Haha no problems! Better late then never! Horrible weather today! 
Better get back to work I suppose... 
@b50 Good marks? WTF! WTFF! Abhi se hi padhai ka pressure mat dalo baccha par 
@mlhelix  sorry you're feeling so awful! Better soon, k?
(1/2) Good morning my lovely twitterbugs!!!  @ work  uurrgghh    prayers go out to my husby, bestie &amp; their fam.. Remember your trials ...
Good morn twit fam!  Heard some bad news last nite.  1 of my friend hubby past away! Life is so short. Tell some1 u love them everyday 
Good times last night. Thanks @Caitielin34 and @jcw5002 for hosting. Too bad Robby thinks I'm racist 
Made it through a complete soccer game today. Good to be back. We lost though 
Bit of a washout, we seem to have jinxed the show   Better luck next time hopefully
Good morning All!! No beach today  way too chilly. Instead I'm cuddling on the couch w a cup of coffee &amp; u gr8 ppl!!
Just listening to the new Simple Minds album on iPod. Good album but not too sure about their version of rockin in the free world 
@jdakar Sucks, huh? I can sympathize I don't even think that I have it in my DNA to be irresponsible!  Good morning!!
Good morning! Shower time! I wish I got to spend more time with @thebeebz yesterday 
Good Mornin....getting ready to head into work...then to my WWers meeting to get weighed in....im crossing fingers i didnt gain too much 
I'm Really Bored And It's Been Raining.... Not A Good Day 
Good morning to all.  After getting home and in bed at 3 m, my dogs insisted on going out at 8, so I had to get up. Another call pending. 
Good morning, everyone!! To those in the O... Rainy/misty day!! 
@BengeeB Good morning.  I wondered what happened. I was sending dms to @Kaatje_68. Did know about you 
Good morning! No church today.  Not sure if Sierra is ready for Sunday School. Ear still hurts with loud noise. Going to get ready for KDO
Up too late to make it to church  Guess I'm podcasting it! Good bye Durham, hello Greensboro!
maybe i should go and read. No. Better study. 
Good morning tweeters! What a weekend! Too bad is almost over 
@MadelineDuggan Good good, Im not too bad thankyou. Not liking this rain though! Wheres the sun gone!  x
Better go wake up his majesty with a coffee, the things i do for this man, cant remember the last time iwas woken up with a cuppa! 
 No Longo again today. Better safe than sorry, I guess.
@jordanknight good morning sexy! Loved u @ the M&amp;G last night! I will b in DC 2nite 2 but not 5*  Come c me again 2 get some Good CARMA!
Good bye Georgia peaches 
@improvyourbiz It's a pleasure. Good news, Louis is coming over 2moro. Bad news, he's leaving Thurs so we can't come to the Store. Sorry 
Good Afternoon Twends. My last butt just woke up! 
Good News: It's unbelievably gorgeous today. Bad News: At the office with @n_o_r_a.  Good News: We are working on  exciting stuff!
Off to drive my parents to some meeting point so they can go on their way to the Mayo Clinic... Good luck, dad 
.@trakAx Excellent! I should just about have my phone back by then - in for a non-touchy touch screen 
Hving the best time at Good Vibrations in Brookline. I want to get a cow hide flogger, but it's $50!   I got this instead...
@Rossco_NZ Good thnx!  But know what u mean about work...  
jusy got back from Good-Will Hinckley's graduation lots of hug, rembrances, tears, esp they are susp ops on 6/30 104 people affected 
My last tweet dedicated to the Apprentice of 2009!  It has been a good three months! Good luck to all ppl involved! #apprentice
Good night everybody, my country makes me sick #eu09 Ump pwned the election  #fb
Good night. Have to go to bed. 2morrow have maths at 9.45. 
is off to bed. Tomorrow it's back to work... Hmmm I wish this weekend wasn't over yet!   Good night everybody!!!
@ButterbeanUK I've gotta wake up that time too  Wont go bed for another hour or 2 though haha. Good night bud
@iReen_Gob tired  But happy! I came home to a barbecue in my house. Good times!
Tired, got to sleep school tomorrow. Didn't get the chance to watch the boy in the stripped pajammas  dissapointed. Good night world. xxx
looks like the game is @ 2am in Italy  1am now but im going to sleep. Wake up at 5am to get going back home. Good night folks! Go to 7!
Movie was really sad  - Good but sad...
Awww... Decent movie. I didn't cry, but it is kinda sad. 
@judomary Good question, I have to get up at 6:30 am  @joystimson Awesome, all those people are wonderful. Glad you had fun. Good night!
A wasted day  I'm gonna retire to my bed for the remainder of the evening. Good Night 
Good morning, sunshine. Uh-oh: school today! I hope I don't get my exams back, but I also hope I do. 
Good shags this eve.  Leaving at 4.30 for Spain. Il miss aw cunt 
Good bye! Fast food and candy. You'll greatly be missed 
Enjoying the Tonys, going through boxes, organizing new house. Good to be home, but having serious waka withdrawls within 
Good luck convincing SSD and financial aid of that without an advocate, though.  I'm still stuck in the same old loop.
@GoonAffiliated I swear I be missing u when u don't twitter all day.  I love u sweetheart! Hopin u had a great weekend! Good night baby!
Good morning tweeps! Kaya to!!! Waaaah. 
Having a fling with Benadryl this weekend. It's almost over, and I think I'm catching feelings.  Going to sleep. Good night Twitterville.
Waiting for my peeps... there are cops all around the movie theater. Better keep my penis in my pants tonight. 
@HeddaDamasco and @Arraaaaa Good Luck on your first day! Gosh. I so hope we had classes today 
@HeddaDamasco and @Arraaaaa Good Luck on your first day! Gosh. I so hope we have classes today 
 Magic lost . ! they played so well. ! Maybe things will be better at home for Orlando . ! Good Luck . !
I'm have to go, I have to sleep.. and tomorrow school  I hate school. Good Night twitters &lt;3
Guess ima go 2 bed! So bummed out didn't think I wud be missin him so much! Good night yall 
@jenniejennie I know right? I'm not mad at Punk tho. Good swerve; bad timing lol. I'm still pissed about another specific match. 
Finished first Playtest game and AAR. Good times. Awww...now the workweek starts.  What a killjoy
Going to bed soon. Gotta take my dog to the vet in the AM. He has a boo boo  Good night my Twitter friends. Good night @nkotb
@copymatt dude, r u tweeting + driving?? looks like you're in Deliverance country! Good luck at work tmrw  @alelariu
Good morning,get ready for schoool  Have a good day.
Good news every body! Ankle isn't as swollen as it once was!(: On the flip side, it's bruising like a motha trucka' 
blocked ang facebook sa office! Bummer! Good thing I can still check it on my itouch! hehe! wala nga lang resto city. 
Glue all over my hands and construction paper in my hair, but I'm finally done! 3 hour till I have to get up for school  Good Night!
Good morning all. Beautiful day again. Catching up on the overnight tweets from Iran. Chilling 
@JoannaAngel you've got OnStar too. Good luck. 
@sai194 Good one...how was the movie btw? Am definitely watching it this week...too late already 
Good to see Britney's up nice and early today. Amazed she can keep starting all these new accounts with her hands full! 
@rockchick_30 Good morning Lisa! *HUG* I know the feeling, never got to sleep till 3.30, feel like my head/eyes are gonna explode!  xx
Good night/morning! I'm finally off to sleep to only wake up in 4 hours! Yeah I lead a sweet life LOL!  I need more sleep!!!
Good morning all! Oh wait, no it isn't. 
@GreyDeathLegion Honey I love you so much. Good luck with your presentation. Gotta stay longer at work today 
Yes another Supernatural night gotta finish my homework  + Good news week yay!!!!
@jeffpulver Good morning Jeff. Have an amazing #140conf. I REALLY wish I could be there 
Good god I'm shattered... not likely I'll make Spanish lesson tonight 
Better than I was thanks Viv.. I had some stronger pain killers today but they made me sick  Hows school?
Good morning!! I so wish i could sleep another 3-5 hours... This really sucks  but... Another day, another dollar! Yup...
Good morning twitterverse. I feel like I haven't spoken to my tweeps in forever  busy weekend I suppose... Now to start the workweek. Meh
Good mornin tweets!!! On my way to Toby Loves video shoot... Super tired 
Good morning!! Oh god! Today, I have an exam!!! 
@ThatsHot9 Same. I've got college work, house cleaning etc. Better get started then 
Good Mornin my twittaboos. I'm at the airport, hopeing I make this earlier flight. If not I'm screwed 
Good morning!! Good morning!!, Great game last nite. Too bad my team lost   Lol
About Rizal. Ekkkkkkkkk!! About to finish my HW. Good bye computer. 
Kettle is broken  Good thing we got a very nice old-school kettle for our wedding so we always have a backup.
Good morning.. Not feeling good.. Tired and not ready for this test.. Oh well ill b ok..my throat hurts 
Broke a nail already   Good night all..
Good morning! What a weekend! Exhausted is an understatement  we shot for 14 hours yesterday but Drake is the man
Urghhh Hangover from hell  Good night tho............I think lol
@IvanaDC Good Luck... I'm doing the same thing in about half and hour 
Good morning frans! Another LONG day ahead 
@krismap Good morning tweetermate! Sorry about those Redwings. 
Good weekend. Forgot to #squarespace though...  Hope I win and start this long week off right!
Headache. Ow. Good morning to you too. 
Good morning! Woke up sick today  Thought i was feeling better but i guess not.. I'll be home if anyone needs me.
Good morning everyone! Hope you had a great weekend! My computer monitor stopped working, so I'm out of luck  Any suggestions on fixing it
@JaemieNae Good morning. You too!.. Forgot my phone today so I won't be very active around here. 
Good morning tweeeties, thank GOD I took today off! I'm so tired 
Hurry up Good News Week podcast! I missed tonight's ep 
@GhadaSmallworld Good morning!  Sorry to hear about your monitor. If it is dead, it's cheaper to get a new one over trying to fix it. 
@RickeySmiley  I missed the church announcements this morning but the &quot;Good Times&quot; car-eoke was awesome!!!! : D
MaRiNe Good Bye PaRty Was AmaZinG!! Good Luck JoHn!! 
@teufl0302 Good thank you.  Sad that my daughter has a cavity... 
@nabiluppal Good luck! too bad India missed it by measly 3 runs 
Good morning! I missed the Laker game last night  But glad they won
Good morning Rise, wish you could join me in a cup of coffee. Just sold one of my sewing machines along with the cabinet.  
@DavidArchie..congrats! 3 nominations for TCA! up again w/ Cook! can't get away from him... haha ...Good Luck! sori Canadians can't vote 
@kristenJay I told u I wasn't going to tell Daniel lol he almost had his hopes up. Good thing I had enuff beers to keep him distracted 
Good. Busy.  How are you? PS Your mom isn't mad at me, is she? PS2: I love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very reluctant to say &quot;Good Bye&quot; to my weekend neck-beard. 
Good writing session. Now off to the dentist. Groan. I hate the dentist 
@lovemaegan It's heartbreaking with dogs and kids both!!! Good luck to LeRoy!!! Esp with dogs and infants cause they can't talk 
. I dont Know  When things Turn out the way you want them and you don't want them at the minute  Not 2 Good Hopefully 2mara Gets Better
@hellomatthieu Good. Pllease never read it again in your life. Which is now too busy to involve me. 
@MakeupLoveer I have a statistics one tomorrow  I know the feeling. Good Luck !!
Just spent an hour waiting for a bus I left my cellphone on. Good time for quiet work. Feel bad, I only had $5 on me to tip the driver 
Not good. Fell asleep at my desk while an audit is going on. Good thing my desk is in the back corner.... 
Good news: I didn't totally destroy all my customs when that guy's dogs knocked over my boxes  ...Just one of my favorites;  The Doctor  
Good grief, spoke too soon. There was fog in SFO so we were delayed 30 mins. Thanks a lot United - great way to spend my Bday! 
Well, we gave it a good go. Without the rain we might have had them  Good effort England. #twenty20
@TheEllenShow I'm so excited about tom.  I won't be at the game  but will def. Be watching you on wgn with len and bob!! Good luck!
Construction worker's last day.  Better make a move soon...
@Lorna_adshead No way, haha just spoke to you before! need to get up at 6 tomorrow which sucks  poo!! Good Luck and see you tomorrow! xoxo
Good morning twitter... HPE prack today, then 2 hours till my other class  its going to be a boring wait...
While I actually considered staying up and watching Raw, I won't. I'm just so tired.  Good night!
Good morning! Its very wet &amp; cold in Cape Town, wish I didn't hav 2 work on a public holiday 
@sargonas my heart goes out to you Sarg  Good luck finding more employment if this is a final and permanent problem.
@wharekumara Overpriced and not very good, either. Good call. Where's the best caramel slice in town? (My vote: Mt. Cook Cafe...too far  )
@aplusk Good evening Captain, missed all your tweets from earlier today. Would have liked to sent a reply on Iran thingys.  
Everybody's Talking - Good Shoes // No reception = no texts 
@vh1Feisty but patron can't make you happy.  Good people will encourage you to be the best  you can be. surround yourself with good people
Just thinkin'...it seemed so different yesterday. But today...I'm not sure it's getting better  Ah! Better, pleaseeee!
Early work shift tomorrow.  Better get ready for sleep 
@ObsessedTVonAE Good Luck all....I know ur pain n feel it draining me daily...I just stay home 99% of my life really sucks 4 me n future 
MissinG JDC!!!  Good Luck Baby!!! 
For Good - Wicked ; this song is beautiful, it makes me think of a missed loved one. 
Its All Good. I Mean Whatever He Wants To Doo??   
Good lifestyle site, but no feed.  Bah  ... http://www.livestrong.com/
Good day at work, kitty kat, Juicy purse, manicure &amp; pedicure, &amp; TGIF!!! What a freaken wonderful day&lt;3 im going to miss my best friend 
@boywonder101 Good morning....! No sun out. 
@Agendi OMG a 1cm square hole? That's as big as my index finger thumbnail! I hope your stitches heal well. Good luck  Keep us posted.
@GoldielocksCRO up early... Good luck wit today.. Ill be@work so can't listen 
Watching a movie I already seen with my brother. Good movie but he's NOT paying attention! Grr. Miss my husband! 
Good night twitter fam! Ugh! I'm being a crybaby! 
@brightshadowsky Ooh, thanks! Good picture, but I think I look fat.  Sob.
Good morning, Twitterland! Here we go with another gripping day!  roll on 5pm
Good morning all. Ran into a big problem with the game i'm reviewing last night 
Good morning! Guess wot?!I had a nightmare, though Matt wrote me yesterday  xxx
Good morning!Just had breakfast and now I'm studying 
@TomFelton YOU ARE BACK!! *jumpsaround* WE MISSED YOU!!! Where have you been?  Oh and Good Morning &amp; Good Luck 
Most r saying Good morning but for me its 515 am &amp; I'm saying good night! Bc I get home &amp; once again the pups have destroyed my place 
Losing a Loved One - I lost my umbrella today  I left it in my Japala Classroom this morning and some Good... http://tumblr.com/xqp2249t9
http://twitpic.com/7j7ri - Good thing I left my Aokis at home. Raining again. Boo. 
Good morning Twitterland!  I am going 2 take today off!  I am still sick. 
I really need some Good Luck at the mo *thinking positive thoughts* i have no money&amp;then a little bit less than no money,arghh 
The stereo in my car has broke so i cant listen to my new JB album   Good job iv got a spare at home just need sum1 to fix it in 4 me..lol
111 Hello insomnia.  How are you?  Work is keeping you busy I see.  Good you're so passionate about it. (via @THEsaragilbert) 3:46 for me 
My ankle hurts.  coz I had a nasty trip in school awhile ago. Good thing Jose didn't see. :p
Good morning...  Getting ready for work 
Good morning! Finally got a full night of sleep which I haven't had in a loooong time! I feel so refreshed hahhha! Worrk all day 
Doing Assist. Suicide intervention course for next two days.  Good so far. Food rotten 
@TropicalSun84 I can't make it, I have a double-header work day: The museum, then Twist-N-Shout, sorry!   Good luck though!
Good morning Twitterland. Nothing like 4 hours sleep when out of town. 
Good morning fam! still no baby  OMG im going crazy!!!!!
In the self check out line at Stop &amp; Shop. Good: No lumps! Bad: Need bail you guys 
@ChorleyCouncil Good stuff!  A downside of using Bags For Life is that one never has a carrier bag handy! Our dogpoo composter don't work 
@bhask I kidded. But oh man that sucks b's  Good luck at work... Nighty night.
@PS3Nation when does your connecting flight leave? Good luck with the interview...I've got an interview tomorrow too, teaching though. 
Good mornig! i am getting ready for school! i have to take @Mo4sho87 with me 
Good intro to RDFa at #semtech2009. Hopefully the audio + slides will translate for others.  No video 
Well, I won't make it to Panera.  Good reason tho... date with Jeremy!
@KasiaStrz Yer just a fool in the rain.  Good luck getting home.  I don't know how to use twitter 
@legalbear Good choice! I hate those spymaster autoDMs. Lack of respect. 
Better go 2 sleep, this headache rly killin me!!!!!! 
@LiveInLove10 Good! Then that's what you need to do, because I'm really upset about not being able to get it. 
@zoeox Good, a decent group of people took it (Y) Woopah.  Why do you get pissed off in there?  x
@HadoukenUK Good Luck.. Wish I was there 
@LaurenHawks Good, advice though... Don't start spending like crazy once you do. I got so used to having money, I spent more than I had. 
just went jogging now I'm eating Chinese Food...good job Julia...Good Job 
Good night people! I'm trying to sleep as good as I can.  Tomorrow will be a nap day lol! Ps. I'm not tired @ all... 
No sushi...   Just 1/2 chicken sandwich, 1/2 grapefruit, 1/2 my leftover muffin.  Better than no food!  : D
Good news? The doc called and biopsy showed nothing unusual! Bad news? My boss called and I had to leave the beach to discuss forecast. 
I dropped my &quot;old school&quot; iphone today. It is FUBAR and I no longer have a phone  Good time to get the new one I suppose....
@turbomichael  so sad - I'm sure you'll love it though. Good Luck!
@ Somn...tomorrow - learning day :|  Good Night Everyone! &gt;&lt;
@jamiecreus fuck I saw 'mark' and thought it was me...  Better get started for tomorrow then... #squarespace
Today I tried fasting...it only lasted 18 hours (Good Attempt), but as so as I tasted food I went crazy. That means no food tomorrow 
The Cowell Smoke Stack is coming down tomorrow  How sad. Tearing down more local history. Good work Concord.
Good Mooornin Twitterville....bouts to take shorty to school then come home n jump back in bed cuz I have a fever  bein sick sucks!!
@JohnGaltKnows Good for you! I wanted to go for an Masters in Business but time and money constraints  Maybe later who knows!
@theliscious miss you too alot.  RLE lecture was really tiring. So you have to prepare yourself. Good luck ching.
@jane_louise79 Good! Cause I don't know where my camera charger is... D: We need a picture of us together! And no, I didn't get my phone. 
@gracechin Good morning! Are you hitting up Urbanscapes next weekend? I wanna go! 
Everyone bailed today...  Better luck next time i guess.
Going to bed early tonight! I still can't seem to catch up on any sleep.  maybe tonight will be the night?   Good night Tweeps!! &lt;3
@ReneePimentel Exactly!  Good thing is they're still eating. They're very fussy. Their nose needs to be cleared every now &amp; then.
Good morning 5am. Alisa awake multiple times as she is so itchy 
Awwww albany GWS !  even though i was in your house 2 hours aqo..! Lol Good Niqht Everyone !
@RC_Proam Good News: I will make the flyer, fine. But u owe me WG ;) Bad news: I can't come Saturday I have to go to NJ for fathers day 
&gt;&gt;&gt; @IAMJUNELOVER LmAooooooo....iM Not a Good StoRy Teller    LiKe u
Was a &quot;slow&quot; day... I really need a job so bad  Good night, tweetworld!
@JohnPayson LOL! I was scheduled to do Hood but people died the weekend b4   Good 2 hear you enjoy tennis w/ your wife!
Good night tweets. Up again @4...God Help me   @granola27 yea for you getting your iPhone !!!!!!!
Can't really go to sleep  but Good Night!!! Today was a bad day for me, hopefully tomorrow will be good!
Good Godfrey. My child is not sleeping anymore  which also means I'm not sleeping anymore.   
Good morning to an updated day! Oh Wait, I suddenly found myself clicking &quot;check for updates&quot; button frantically like many more iPhoners. 
@A1exx_ Good luck!!! MJ has cancer by the way  boo
@philwest64  Hugs. Sorry to hear. Most medics are morons, we should be receiving better treatment than this. Good luck &amp; take care x
Good morrow twitties! Is anybody here? I'm so tired today I didn't sleep so well       #BSB
@sirron92277 Good night love, Im sorry I missed ur morning Tweet 
Good old British Weather, you cant beat it! Wish i was back in Spain 
Just got home from school. I'm so tired! Good thing there's no HW today.  But, unftly, I have to memorize the taxonomy yada yada stuff 
Worried about looking like Rick Parfitt in a dress tomorrow....NOT Good times 
Good morning people! Not very nice in Glasgow today. 
 Just watched the last episode of Cupid, I love that show...so sad it is over. Good night.....this time for realzies, it is like 3:10am
@LauraGuthrie, you coming back to KG? I am 99% positive it is the last known location of dial-up. Good luck not ripping your hair out 
@namralkeeg  poor you. I know what's it's like having to give up things. Better than feeling sick though.
@fjfonseca Good thanks, work is busy today though  - not much playtime ;) - Roll on 8.1 (though to be fair, it's v. stable for me so far)
@Amunishn @kojobaffoe Relative? I KNOW I didn't do shit this morning ... even tho I have lots to do  Good luck with the article!
Good (but not glad) to be back in America. Even tho I'm laying next to her with breakfast in bed, still miss her 
FNM tickets at the Olympia all sold out  Good old scalpers selling for 3x value already..once again its cheaper to go abroad to see an act
Good morning. Beautiful day. Have a lot of work to do. Very glad to be working from home today. Work air conditioner fail. 
Tired tired tired Zzzzz  Good partayyy tho (y)
@bigmadkev Ah that's a good point, tho I'm running out of space + dont like scrolling.  Good idea tho. Just like how Twhirl handles it
@sueissilly Good morning....least I hope it gets better.  Sorry to hear about your car. 
Good Mourning yall!!!! I'm sad today my ahole manager is back to work 
Good grief, mobile internet when reduced to GPRS coverage is just awful - like dial-up in 1996 all over again! 
Good morning tweeps! Heading to work ugh sooo didn't wanna leave my little bitch lol I missss herrrr already [[tear tear  ]] lol
Good morning twitters!! So i hate being a woman sometimes  Everyone enjoy your day!!
Thanx @bigrobnasty for effing my day up! LOL j/k. Good meerning! Loved the NJ Finale last nite, wish it wasn't over  Who watched??
Good morning! Now time to be productive on my day off 
@clouvi guess I should be there   Keep the tweets coming.  Good stuff.
@luciaann Can't believe I missed Crawl &amp; jello shots! Am so bummed! In MSN yesterday to present report and totally forgot.  Good turnout?
@flyyonthewall Don't think about it too much  Good night, Ate Nina 
@jennifer_nicol Good Luck! My final tonight then I'm done...for the summer... 
Good morning everyone! Arg I have go write a provinical in 30 mins 
Good Mornin fellow tweets.. I have a mjaor backache! Massage, anyone? 
@beth3014  Good! That would have sucked. Have a safe flight and have fun in Florida...lucky 
Good morning! Twitteroos!  today is danicas last full day! Nooooo
@teebs33 Sorry  Good thing I only tweeted about the Spain game!
Ahhh! Good morning everyone. Just kidding. Paged out for work.  (3:55 is no fun)
@BryanSimon Man, that sucks! I'm really sorry.  Good luck getting it back. Do you know who phished it?
@TheH1tman ouch! Good luck!  Sorry about that 
Good evening all ( well it was till Angel took all her clothes off on BB    )
The Lime doesn't open till 4  Hit up Rioja instead. Good stuff.
slightly drunk, and have a meeting in the city at 8am. Good night twitter. Hello 5.15am alarm 
@azbubba Good, but not in Ireland. 
@jordanknight Good god man- you do look on fire!  Looking forward to meeting you tomorrow night!!!!!! I will be the one with the boo-boo 
I swear im actually Pretty Good at making Lyrics for rap songs i make up. too bad i cant sing for crap 
Video: bethanyjo: Good Times! wish nathaniel could of jammed with us  http://tumblr.com/xyw22p9a9
@KimPossible40 Three kids sound like FUN! :\ Good luck with that! You can take them swimming, or stuff. I don't know 
I don't Feel Good!! 
Just had Mickey D's.  De-lish!  About 2 play with lil man.  Good luck to my honey 2nite... gona b djing!  Wish i could be there.  
Missed beginning of SYTYCD  but caught middle of couple #1 (jive). Good way to open show. Just how tall is hostess Cat?!
@knottybabywear Good luck at the expo!!  I so wish I could have joined you   Woulda been a fun day to do what I love!
@dashandwill Good luck with tonight! Wish I could go on Sat  You guys are so farrrr
@foodgeek14 if only I liked seafood  Better half does tho
@aussieboby tell me about it  Better be worth it..
* -  in a Good mood .  on Aim &amp; stuff . . . just relacksing . miss Goldie . . she's in the Hospital  grr , i miss my bessfren chenelle , 2
@ddlovato Good Luck!! Wish I could watch you 
@epicuriadotca Good night!  Take care of yourself please!  Sorry to hear about your horse. 
@TheEllenShow hey Ellen, who pulled your photo?  Good Luck tonight!
Ironing done.  No @jess_a_ca though.  Better luck tomorrow! Reading for a bit, then heading to bed.
Good evening, peeps.  How is everyone?  I see I lost my pets.    I'll miss you WAF and AAF!!!
@joebendesigns Good night. I'll be up late. Again. 
@NotAnotherExit Glad to hear it. Good to see you. I haven't been around much. 
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap lol.. Urgh I think I'm getting sick   ... Medz time and back to bed.. Good Nite ppl!
Good morning from #Duesseldorf ! Grey skies, foggy, no sun   Just a quick breakfast  i'm short of time this morning. Have a nice day!
Good morning twitter, Getting ready for my exam. Follow me &amp; I'll follow you. Got a 200/175 ratio now... Tomorrow I have economics  Byee!
@braustin Good night, Austin! 
@trixie360 I saw the last community closeup til u come back.  Good luck, Drill Sgt. Trixie360!!
@SwagBeezySODMG -  Hope U All Good. That Sounds Sad  x x
Up early. On the bus. Good day hopefully! Drama today. Speaking assesment oh no i am nervous 
Forgot my keys and therefore locked outside the office right now  Good job my Dad rocks and is bringing them
@Soph4Soph  Good morning for you... goodnight for me 2:27am  sleeepy
@lauramariexx alright for some!! My last exam isnt until friday  Good Luck !
Saw Terminator Salvation. Worth watching. Good action film. Good direction and style, story is not bad. Leaves it open for sequel tho 
Good morning, Twitterland! Dreary here in Michigan.  I think I missed our 2 weeks of summer! 
Good morning guys hope all have a wonderful day..its a rainy day in VA..gessh again? 
Good morning everyone!has anyone noticed that Jeff no longer has a twitter page? 
@kpdesigns07 Good morning! I ran out   I might have to drive to Starbucks today. ~Oh the sacrifice... lol
I just rounded a corner and made the Production Manager of How To Look Good Naked drop his couscous all over the floor 
Good morning! Marilyn are you feeling any better?? 
http://twitpic.com/7pftf - Good times, wish i was still in Tampa 
Good morning, everyone!  Rainy day here in Philadelphia.  
Good moning Twitterville!! Its raining again when will it stop 
Good, doper Beck is out. Absolutely destroyed his racquet at the end. Alves getting killed, not keeping up his reputation as a fighter 
Good morning all! Not a very pretty day here  we have had so much rain latley haha. I want sun! lol. Have a great day everyone!
I'm Shaking With Hunger !!...Not Good 
Good nite twitter. Freakin 3hrs of JAVA lesson tmrw  - http://tweet.sg
@josianna Good to hear. Yes, at work but day started rough! lol. Golf tomorrow yes! can't wait. But in training class all day 2day! 
@PennyPinchngMum Good Luck and have a great time! No hols in sight for me this year 
Good morning twitter fam! on my way to work, don't feel good! Sick!!!!! 
Good mornin to all! I am soo bored ..I dont kno how much bored-ER i can get lol maybe i should get started on my summer school hmwk? yeah 
@titaniumfish Good on you! I gave up half way because GTA4 ran too slow on my computer...  I will finish it someday...
Wow. Im going to fail math. No doubt in my mind. Good thing I don't need it to graduate. But it brings down my GPA 
@Loren_P Fantastic.. Good to hear.. I'd love a 3GS, sadly we're tied into an 18 month deal 
@wyllie Good thinkin! They only had bagels and danishes though.  @RealityTruck They took em back. Would look like granny shades anyway.
Good morning, everyone!  (Well, almost good afternoon!) Enjoying the cooler, rainy weather...hot and humid are coming. 
Good morning! Man my allergies are horrible today 
@Trilobitten Hi, Marek. Good to meet you. I like trilobites, too, and have personally collected marine fossils from New Jersey; no TBs 
Good morning. I dont want to get up. Bleh. I feel light headed n still stuffy. 
Good Day. Bored sick kid at home. no running until L gets home  
Overall first impression: Good and simple search, very fast. Of course searched first for &quot;djsojus&quot; - no results  #OneRiot
Good morning! &lt;33333 @Melani54 No, I didn't, Yahoo Answers didn't even know 
Holy crap!  I only typed one paragraph today. I spent the entire morning planning a birthday lunch for a co-worker. Better type fast! 
@peterfacinelli Good morning!!  I tried helping the count, but I can't make 250,000+ profiles.  I'd run out of user names fast.  Sorry 
@PhoenixLam Good point, but Spanish Banks is one of my favs! 
Just Finished My Showerr.. I Dont Fell Good..   // @AmandaaDes are we learning together today?
Crowd was insane. Good win... To be honest seemed like SA didn't think this through well enough. 
@Super_Ariel Not me  Good idea, though. Good luck finding your Hannah!
think I go to bed. headache !!!  And I miss @Larygoescrazy O: Why did we never call or chat?  Good night twitterworld &lt;3
@michaelisvy Good product: but there is not a Wicket pack template. Only Spring MVC 
Good to be home from Singapore. None of my post sent while I was gone. 
@TONYG2388 it really sucks, I wanted to see Better than Ezra, but it doesn't look like I'll be going 
@cbink90 yea!  Good!  Email me whenever about it.  I was disappointed in it last night, not too many good dances! 
Uh. Messed up my drama exam  Good thing though is that I am done!
@tommcfly This is too evil, I'm very curious now.  ha, Good night Tom. :*
taking Tyson to his Canine Good Citizen test - wish us luck! also, missing 3eb concert  
Good thing I texted Thea. I thought I closed tomorrow. I am cosa tomorrow.   which means getting up early. Not cool.
On my way to Oscar's viewing... Good bye dood!! 
@gboney3 no, sorry.  Boney is my married last name. Good luck finding her.
Nacho is leaving the tour  - ficklefreshmen: Yay!!!!! Good job Nacho. Thanks for the addition to the... http://tumblr.com/xu1234ahi
@WorldRider Yo, I just read your last two entries.  Good stuff.  I'm ready to get on the road again instead of this work stuff... 
Nacho is leaving the tour  - ficklefreshmen: Yay!!!!! Good job Nacho. Thanks for the addition to the... http://tumblr.com/xu1234bkd
@CharkinkieZz Damn, mama! Good recall. I was thinking about our matching collars the other day. And mine that got lost! 
@mgcady unfortunately there is the problem on Tiger. there are no workaround on it yet. Better way is to upgrade leopard so far.  
Just got home.  Good Lord I spent WAAY too much moneys today 
@KMoodie:  that's all? Okay. Good night Kevin
Good morning tweeple. Am sick 
Well everyone is leaving me  I have to go count sheep or something! Good nite Twitterville and all my peeps!
Well, off to take a bath, then bed adn up again at dawn.  not working this weekend. I'll have more updates then. Good Night!
@wooksnook Why did  ronark Gm change again!!!!!Bellathys is Perfect GM for Ronark!!! Good luck New Gm (I don't know who   )
@LeafspaceMonika @_JoAniMaL @LEAFSFAN71 @LeafsFaninBigD @Leaferbyblood Good night everyone. Have a good sleep despite the forecasted rain 
I swear I'm about to go to ihop tomorrow morning...so hungry now.  Good Night Folks!
@PrincessRatbag Good luck with your little ratbag. Def call a doctor or nurse and let us know how you go! Worried about you all now! 
@BeckyKingston Better not tweet in class, teachers will take your phone off ya 
@bsalais thanks for not hanging with me tonight  hopefully I survive tomorrow I'm kinda scared. Better call Spartans for back up.
Good morning. Last day w/ @XXCymbalXX :'( Then she'll be gone... Montreal is soooo far away!  *sobs*
Good morning All. I'm at work and have missed breakfast- bad idea! Well just 8.5hrs till home time! 
@Ingumon  rain... Sorry.. Good luck with test
@5LiveF1 No AD?  I reckon his technical/driver perspective input is the best available. Good comments superbly expressed!
thanks for all the #FF out of action today as bubby in hospital with bad burn   Home now and fast asleep. Good day tomorrow with my bday!
Relation to problem? Guy I told to go away seemed to think Good was boring and everything needed to be debauched and &quot;gritty&quot;... 
@moonduster Good morning!  Sorry abt the writing.   I only got abt 200 words. Struggling w/ a scene. Trying 4 a horror feel and failing 
I put a flouncy self-important Art Tutor in his place last night. I was very much pleased. Good night overall with @LAMWalker. Drink = 
@DrLanceSweets Done. Good to c our fave couple well out in front. Arggghhh that Jate is muddied once again thru association with Suliet 
Good morning! Exam #1/3 today 
Promoting Good sexual health &amp; helping conquer Chlamydia... www.mmym.co.uk. Website  But Vision &amp; Business Never better!
I'm not looking fwd to getting up early tomorrow  Better go to sleep now I guess...
Good morning!  I'm getting ready to pay bills!!!  Yucky!  I hate watching my money leave... 
Powerpoint slides are no fun...  Good thing I will get to party on a cruseship in a mo
Good morning! I'm NOT on my way to Holden Beach and I'm not happy about it   Have fun @JrMozart !
Good Mornin twitters, what do we have planned today, on this beautiful friday? I forgot my car is not fixed yet 
Say it ain't so! Good-bye Georgia Theater in Athens - they can re-build, but it will never be the same 
@scatteredbomb D: Stupid mindless idiots!!!! Good luck in fixing it. GDA is amazing.. 
No more text buds. Aww.  Hahah. Good night, twitter world!
It's going to be in the 90's here today.  Better cut my grass before it's too hot 
Better make lunch. A girl has to be nutrionally supplied for the day. I won't be using the bread, though. 
@jordanknight Good morning my love. it's 10.30pm in Indonesia, I already feel sleepy 
Good afternoon!!!! Twitteralley!!! Working hard today. Hadn't had enough time to visit the past 2days. 
Is Good Good afternoon followers, Im going to get ready for work   Have a great day: Good afternoon fol.. http://tinyurl.com/mlse6f
@Kinoma Good lord, how embarrassing. 
Good luck to everyone at the Jr. Nationals in Chicago! Sorry about the weather... 
@MightBeMarissa Ew. Good point. 
is going to a &quot;Good Bye&quot; part for Eva, a german foreign exchange student i met this year **sniffle sniffle** tuesday is gonna be hard 
Yes, had a good experience with #Chicago water dept. today. Responded to bsmnt flood, ID'd the prob. Good guys might lose jobs nxt wk. 
@RickOpp Good to know! Thanks! Sad to let go of the hemi 
Hangover=Good Movie. KC later. Work 10-3am 
@RPOdotcom &quot;I'm just a big, hard tool&quot; from No Good TV lol I have another one, but it's to long 
@LadyDiamondblue Good for you. Have fun girl. 
Better, just lots and lots of rain now.  were back upstairs now. REALLY humid 
Finally going to leave. Good riddance. Too bad I have to come back. 
Ive just eaten the entire pecan pie... that was at least 200% of my daily fat intake!!  Better not eat tomorrow!
@MeaganKate Good luck tonight at Mortified, sweetness! I'm so sorry I won't be able to see you RAWK IT 
Aww poor Bayhawks  haha Good job Michael boy!
@renie82 Wow, that's barely a label ;)  Good having you at the Pig!  You missed a lot in leaving... 
Good luck to everyone in Iran. I'm so nervous. 
@britl Good luck. It ALREADY looks like a bomb went off in it. 
@evaughanlee I've been crying about Khan all day-spent time with him &amp; his family. Good friends 
Good night world maybe 2morrow when I wake life will make a little more sense.... Jus maybe.... 
@JumpSmokers Good Luck boys!! I wish I could be there, but in lue of tornado sirensgoin off from Chi to MI...we decided not to drive down 
#cws - damn, #texas won.  Good game though.  Now we have to wait forever for another game 
&quot;low battery&quot; nooo!! Tengo q irme  @@medinaerick i love u, espero q me respondas... Good night twitterband!!
Calling it a night have to be up at 5am in the morning and be in the city by 7:45am  Good Night !!!
Lol, i gained 4 lbs in hawaii! Good foods for the win! Leaving tonight, arriving in LA @ 5am 
@KendraMarieK Good!! Tired though!! Had a long day!! Stayed out for as long as I could because tomorrow it's going to storm like crazy!! 
@miniatus Awww! Sorry to hear that. Fell better soon. Good night.  
Good morning! Going back to work today, but gotta say bye to my cousins first who are going bk to oz 
It was good to see everyone. Everyone looked great! Good dinner. Wish I could of been drinking tho 
Home...made it n safe...but sleeping by myself  Where is this Good Man???
Good night last night but head MHz 
A wonderfull Good Mornin to Team Germany and the rest of the world. Wie nicht anders zu erwarten regnet es im Norden ma wieder 
Britney Fuckd Vids is not spamming my follower list anymore. I kinda miss her.  Darn!    Ahahaha. Good riddance, girl. lols
Good morning!!! Just woke up in sunny and really hot Lisbon...yeah the beach house idea didn't come through!  I had to stay in Lisbon!
Good bye everyone.. Won't see u or talk to u in a week..... I'll miss y'all 
Good morning every body .. just red in the German newspaper that we will get a sh.t summer  as usual since years now
G'nite sweettwits! No debauchery 2nite.. Jus lots of dancing, shots &amp; drinks. Good fun! Long day 2morrow  xoxo
@groggits Good! Did it hurt 
Good mornin twitts  Getting prepare for work . Seem like its going to be a long long day 
Hello twitterland! Feeling a little worse for wear this morning! And I'm off to work now soon!  Good night last night though...sort of!
Woah I missed a lot in here LOL! Good night! Saturdays are my Fridays now so help me stay awake at work! I go in at 1. 
Good News:  http://www.fugue.com/pics/goodnews.html  but FAKE   http://www.fugue.com/pics/about.html  Headlines you wish would be.
Good morning. Headed to Starbucks then Podcamp Ohio. I missed my bus  Waiting on the next one.
Good morning! to all my homies that couldn't make it I wish u were here!  I'll keep ya'll updated! Have a great saturday!
Ugh, never ending day of work today. Better get out of bed 
Good morning SecondLife! I'm waking up with coffee and getting some stuff done before I can play on SL today 
Good morning!  I'm looking forward to movie with Tiff later. Need to clean house 1st. Blah 
Good 1st try, pity it was for SA 
@emberlivi Good luck today - any news about your wallet?  Definitely gone? 
@anAsterisk Good point, but I'd rather you come here and be safe and we all kick his ass into next week.  xx Glad you're ok.
Good morning Twitterville.  Gotta get up to do more worl 
Good morning all! How are you doing? Hubby is sick today, so not going in service. 
Forgot to use my network's unlimited service... Good bye 500 pesos 
Good qualifying session for Silverstone, rugby not going so well 
@BabyJamazing Aww  Good luck, Jenny! Hopefully you'll get a new 3G out of it!
Good morning loves! Gotta take Timmy to the vet to get fluids  poor kitty!
.. chugged 2 imperial pints for dinner &amp; 1 for dessert. i tried the fish cakes. Good and tasty, but.. still allergic to fish.  Drove ...
Good morning! Was off twittwer a few days, what did I miss? lol Cleaning house all day today! ugh.  Tired already just thinking about it!!
@no634 Ugh, great  Good luck to you and your dog
Good morning!! Finally got to sleep in now time for homework and then the work 
Doing nothing today  hate boring days. Good week although it was busy  Missing my company haha xxxx
Right outer CV joint on the Frontera is broken  Good thing we found it out new
Good morning! I hear a kitten crying outside  couldn't see it from the window though. Debating if I should go outside &amp; look...
Good morning. The good news: I slept in. The bad news: My back is still jacked up, just not as much. 
Good afternoon twitterers. No I didn't sleep in just been busy battling my computer for domination. Seems Mozilla FF likes to crash on me 
Ben just tested his new &quot;fence system&quot;. Apparently it wasn't very pretty. Good thing I was on a lunch run and didn't witness it. 
@healthymom02 Good luck with that! I have to get up EARLY if I want that to happen! 
Bored. Nobody to go to the pool with. Found out nobody is going out tonight  Good thing I have champagne and an xbox to keep me company.
Too much Ketchup is No Good. 
Good luck Candice! was actually looking forward to your return 
@NKOTBFanForLife Good afternoon!! I'm BBQ'ing tonight too! Having a party at my house but wishing I was in Montreal tonight 
Good Day Writing/Recording, wish i had nice drums  now i feel sleepy, AGAIN!
Good night and good luck in Iran to the greens. Seems like it's going to be a nasty night....  http://bit.ly/U7tPJ #fb
2day loads of recycling, cut grass, weeded, and washing- off to do ironing now  hope something decent on telly!!  Better wrap pressies 2
Writing a blog post. Won't be able to finish tonight  Good night everyone!
Good News: Nice little section of Texas, found a really nice suit 1/2 off (rare back home!).  Bad News: Clutch is slipping 
Good news, finaly got the replacement ear pads for decent headphones, bad news, iPhone headphone socket is shot  3GS time? No? Really?
seconds - Good night Yang...I couldn't text you due to running out of free texts &amp; credits  See you in the morn maybe.
Good gosh...no wonder my blogs not updating...iWeb not connecting w/my server since I updated. 
@teky Good question! - Trance in Kentucky is dead. It used to be quite popular back in 2000, now nobody knows what it is around here. 
@veloimages Good deal brother. TIBCO is now doing B'Game and the AVC is here next weekend so my plans changed  Enjoy France if we don't CU
@mgs Good to know.  We've had some trouble.  Right now the real raccoon is keeping most the other varmints away though.  
Good morning people of twitterland! Last day in Melbourne 
Sick and shitty  but better than earlier. If i had gone to work it would be ten times worse. Good night everyone &lt;3
OK.. The race is over.. Turning out the lights and climbing into bed with.... My DVR   Good to be back in the house w/ all my Tweeps!
Good show.. Offspring played the min of 1.5 hours and murphys played 45 min - both could have played a bit longer 
@chiniehdiaz Haha! Good idea. the only thing I can give my Dad is an email. 
Gotta wake up in 4 hours for work  Good night everyone.
Got my new iPhone today. It's not such a big jump from the 3G. The compass doesn't even work  Good for the Colombian jungles 
Good to be home, but I miss the beach. I miss the ocean. I miss the Bahamas 
At Stir so why do peeps profile and don't dance.  Good music lots of peeps no dancing! 
Really? Good job!@yeehaw104: I'm in a bit of pain. Bike ride gone bad 
Good morning Twitter! 3 more days of exams &amp; I'm DONE  Got French tomorrow  Wish me luck! follow me &amp; I'll follow you, Thanks and Byee
I'm drunk,Yeah...I need more friend to go out with...missing have a big group,missing PA.   Good to go out to go dance...
@nickjonas I am having a hard time sleeping to and I have to drive 9 hours tomorrow  Good luck with the MMVA's!
Woke up. Neda's face all over 1st page of newspaper. Fat women on Oprah cryin about being fat. Closing TV in disgust. Good morning world. 
Good night twitt fam... I'm tired  Church in the AM... Be safe all!  http://mypict.me/4Ofg
Good morning, not to bad, fresh morning, no sun  but we expect more sun and warm for this afternoon!, Breakfast outside, or inside?
HA! Just saw Ronnie in a pink chav cap.  He is a ponce!  Good though 
Just got home from Pak n' Save, it was a looong day and I think I temporarily misplaced my cellphone!  Good night.
missing &quot;He&quot; n my BFF. Had fun 2nite but it wasn't the same  ....See ya'll next week  Good Nite
Good morning from a cloudy, dull Hampshire - oh to be back in Kenya 
Good morning tweeters ! Last evening it's been funny, I listened to all Jesse's cds LOL.. I'd listen to BS Tour but I had no more time 
No more brother who will picture us always..  Good Bye Brother Ceci
Safely in Ndola, now getting off plane and navigating customs. Good to be back in Zambia. Lost every solitaire and hearts game on plane 
Better take my ass to sleep. Who knows what time I'll be woken up by my house full of people. 
Good Morningg! Computer crashed last night 
Good fun at Ascot but not so lucky  well worth it
Good morning tweeps..my vanilla latte is on the way! Leaving Boston today 
Just brought a tramp a cocacola. He looked a bit ruff. Better than giving him money for alcohol! I feel sorry for people like that  x
@Kiwein Ahhhhh, still no baby!  Good luck with the exams.
@PUREzzZ Good Bye 
I`ll get out of the computer now. Good night twitterland! Dream of me. 8-&gt; I think school will be boring tomorrow, a lot will be absent. 
Good morning !! It's raining here in jersey I want my beach !!!! Waaa 
@Shinybiscuit  *hugs*. I hope you feel better. Better than better, and you become a superhero and stuff.
@Rove1974 Good show tonight Rove.. Does your show air in the States? i am moving there next month but I don't want to miss out 
I fel monged. Good night out though! Danced with @bethan, saw @evieoconnor drunker than I ever have but @gemimaheggs didn't cry though 
Good morning, Downtown Olympia. All ready for the parade? Too bad that I'm not going.. 
@ddlovato Good luck tonight Demi!! I wish I could be there but sadly I live in California  Talk to you later &lt;3 Emma
@bdudney Excellent hike.  How was the weather on the west side?  It was cloudy and cold here 
UGH....has lame work today! Better go by fast, cuz im soo not in the mood.... 
So, I hide hubby's father's day present so he can't find it(I buy WAY in advance) Now I can't find it.  Good thing I had 4 things,2 r mia
@dibbly21 Good stuff.   I have Craft HMW 
Good morning guys.Just got off the phone with daddy,i miss him  Ugh,so much shit going on....i dont know what to do.
@hayleyjfoster Eek, humid is the worst! You feel all sweaty and your hair is poofy  Good luck in the studio today &lt;3
@juliepaton81 there was a surprise or two, you'll enjoy the hightlights. Good first day so far, 'cept for James B. 
Good Afternoon Tweets! Chillin With the Bff..stomach feelin weird off the queso.. 
@Spike_Says Unfortunately she's pregnant, so if you bake her there's a separate bun in the oven.    Good to know she's breeding....
@Droku Could consider Livestream, but that means changing platforms  Hv 2 consider it anyways. Good point.
@NikkiLav Woop. Good stuff. I am in a hunt for a job.  Rather depressing trying to find a job TBH.
There I go again... 3 in one summer. Good job, Ash 
Good news: 3lbs lost at fat club (after a weekend boozing, no less). Bad news: knee knackered again while running  Might be BUPA time...
Good morning  huh I guess I late.. http://myloc.me/55Hv
Good morning, Tweethearts! I'm having breakfast now, then take a bath, then take Goldie to see the Vet 
I'm starting to get sick  Better be able to make it through graduation tomorrow.
@adammshankman Good night Adam. Sorry you had to see the ugly side of twitter    99% of the people are good, unfortunately, 1% can be mean
Wow  I clicked on the &quot;Trending Topics&quot; for Secret Life and it ruined the season for me. Good one Angela.
@Runesque Asdkfsj;dkf /HUGS Good luck.  Is this about parents...?
Good morning. Home tomorrow   sunny day, off to an art gallery in a bit!
@markbirbeck Good A List Apart Article on RDFa. But your 1st sentence makes it sound like a passing fad. 5 minutes and then gone? 
@tamineedham Good thing I'm home sick today! Oh, wait... 
oh...I gotta go to bed now  See ya! Good night twitterworld!!! Xxxxxxx
Better not be what I think it is...   http://myloc.me/5egH
The mist is rolling in off the sea in Aberdeen. Good bye 24C hello 14C.. 
Good morning. Just got outta bed and off to a bad start.... Perez is still alive    
@louisetse GAH! Don't say thaaat!! Good one- jinxed it!  haha, it's always the way, gonna zoom past :/
Good day at the lake ! Not a cloud in the sky! I Feel for my work buddies being stuck inside     http://twitpic.com/87h10
@researchgoddess - I wish I could go with you.   Good luck! Keep me in mind for any other events.
Good night Guys 
Today, my night prayer gonna include Natali L. who was probably killed by her uncle. My sympathies to her family and friends. Good Night 
Aw R.I.P Good Books 
@pollypearson Good luck! Have a great evening. Sorry I couldn't make it. 
Darn it...just realized it is way past my bedtime  Good night tweeps.
Okay maybe i have to go bed. I'm not tired  But.. i try to sleep. Good night!
@BT What a beautiful deer.  Excellent photo and heartbreaking at the same time. you are a kind soul sir
@BlondieMcB  Good thing you didn't TwitPic!
Good night every1! Hope u all have a nice night! Gotta be up at 4 for work  x
Good morning - the weather is great, my ankle isn't better until today  - have to work now - CU later
Good Transformers 2 was sold out I have to wait until tomorrow. 
@katsosaucy http://twitpic.com/5ejak - Gross  Good Luck with that. (via @DoubleBagger)thanks 
@HillyHindi Good luck on the flight &amp; I hope everything goes great in SSIF. I wish I was there 
Ice cream never happened tonight  I feel funky. Good night all.
Good morning! Man, I was tired after yesterday's LON trip but slept very well.. Now enjoying my coffee. Task of today: dentist again. 
Good morning everyone!Dead tired and a bit sad!  But then as things develop! I hope so!
Omg english thing today  Good job I used my paint shop pto skills to design a logo x
Good morning to all my fantastic followers, and what lovely morning it looks too. Bet it's pissing it down before I get home tonight 
Good night everyone! Didn't study  But I'm getting up early to read those 15 pgs!
@andrewschof Good thanks, bit tired didn't get home until 12.45 last night, was queuing for XFactor from 2pm and didn't go in till 7.45pm 
Yo Stuart, welcome!!!!!, Been a while since I have been here, &quot;Good God&quot;, maybe I was busy 
@deidre_1922 yeah ur Good I kan HARDLY find you now Indy 
Again I know some really, really cool news. Good things are happening on the Swedish startup scene. ... but... Noooo, I can't tell you. 
Good morning! It was sunny, but now it's already clouded over &amp; a bit chilly!  oh well, summer in Newcastle!
Good first presentation at #SEMforum on professionalisation of SEO/SEA. No wifi though 
@bradiewebbstack ily bradie. Good luck for tonight buddy...i soooo wish i won  oh wells, have fun! Xxx
Hello world!!! Another day of downtimes in network  Getting be flustrated  Good Luck for a day!
thanks GOD...#BUMI stable &gt; 1900 and #BEI also in Good position. Unlucky #TRUB stay at 180  but it's okay, I already got a lot from #TRUB
Say Good Bye ... 
Seazer wide awake and still feel like clubbing in Rotterdam ..but where  :S... btw: Good  morning my peeps..
Good morning God's beautiful people! I love you!   Last day of Planet Backyard but ready for it.
No parcel  Better come tomorrow.
@kin4life Good mornin! miss ya Nor 
@samanthai ooh I don't think so - can't believe I'm saying that. MUST be sick.  Good luck with your day - fight the power! ;)
Good morning!!! Dentist this morning 
Good morning tweeters. Soooo don't feel like working out this am 
Good morning! Hitting up the gym to help start my day! Then doctors 
Good news this morning.Wish I was as excited as everyone else  Will happen, has to happen, waited over 6 mo. 4 it. Make 'em proud.
@Denyalle Good morning! It's hot and humid here. Clouds are forming for rain and thunderstorm later today 
@Shontelle_Layne Good?  nothing. the weather's bad here.
@Jedi_Amara I would go if I could, really  Good night xox
@shanedawson Good luck to you shane! It will be just awsome for you i know it! Did you ever see my video i made for you? 
Apologies for the Serenity listing confusion; there is conflicting data on different websites.  Good to know you guys are into this, tho.
Good morning! Study time yuck 
@KizzieRascal Sorry, I was battered  Congrats though! Good grades!
@oustcat Sorry. I have no charms or skills to assist you. Good luck. 
mourning Yukkies i dont say &quot;Good&quot; cause my Yum isnt here waking up with me 
Updated my blog with Good Bye Gary aka the auctionrebel  http://tinyurl.com/mwvp8g
News From Benton Harbor Is Never Good News....Sad 
I think of you and cant help but fondle my meat ;) Good day, cant see kit till monday though  Kooks tomorroooooooow 
@musicologist012 Good! How's school? I really wanted to go there but I got cold feet as the last minute bc it was soo far 
Good morning all! It's a beautiful 65 degrees in LA. We just woke up and are playing another tv show in an hour. Mornings= 
Installation dinner last night was fine. Good food and good people. Sad to hear that GSE is ending soon.  
Nikki is off working her ass off on a bike, trying to recover from her knee injury.  (Good for her. 
@beycah Good for you Becca, have a good sleep. 
Good enough.. time to go sleep off whatever I can, be happier tomorrow ? here's Hopin.. go check my Fb. for what is in store for me now. 
Good luck for Lauren and the rest of the cast of TBS, can't wait for something to leak 
Ahh, the tedium of fixing broken file links in Inventor.  Good times.  
@JonathanRKnight Good luck with the cruise!! Your gonna need it! 
Good Knight Jonathan!  
@JonathanRKnight You are so right for saying that and good for you that you said it!!    Good Night!! xoxo
Good morning dudes! Another day full of sunshine  but classes will take until 4pm :-/ but I don't give a shit. BBQ this eve :-D
Good morning Twitt-dudes for all around the world 
@JonathanRKnight Good bless you too! hehe  Hasta pronto!!
@Monkeymoo2  You probably neded it. thank God that you are O.K. have a Good Day across the pond 
Better then what I thought, I can sleep now 
Well heading to bed early since I'm heading to the mall in the AM. Good night tweeps! 
@lsndr87 Good Luck Girl 
@souljaboytellem Good Nite Babe!!  
@LynnSerafinn Good luck with your book launch today Lynn - you must feel very proud 
Good day today: out door totally prepared early, sun shining and salsa tonight! O and listening to Close to Me! 
@SirGoose LOL Start over  if u were a melerr dude, go firearms or big-guns - or vice versa! same for Good-Evil. lotsa fun!
@MabelleK Hola! Yes, one of these days!  Good knight! 
Good morning everyone! Got a package from Granma...let's see what's inside! 
Dear God, thanks for a great day.  Now please help me through these 2 midterms   And...into Notre Dame?  AMEN!  Good night!
@mileycyrus Wow! It is officially napping now. Good Luck..... 
@bogues26 Bye! Have a Good Night! 
New Gavin music = pure bliss :0). Okay, time for bed. Good night! 
holy crap I haven't updated in forever  I just came on to say that. And, I'll try to update more. Good Night! 
@K2Kyle Good luck, hope the weather holds out for you 
@sharagrif Kol hakavod.  Thought of you as I tried catching the final secs at 6:30.  My video wouldn't work.  Good for Psycho T!
@lizp02x Hahaha wow someone did they're research! Good girl  ps i hope we get to do that something so i'm hoping that someone says yes!
@mensdomain Good morning  Sent you some lovin' 
Recovering (in work) after d Beat 102 103 wedding yest... Good craic 
Good start to the day. Booked courier for collection of Hebden Bridge show; sent enquiry to book van to move studio next wk. 
@pezholio Interesting, a digital engagement peep. Good to know they're engaging with people at the coal face. 
@coy0te Good morning! Feeling happier today? 
@Lady_Twitster Good so far thanks, hope yours will treat you well too 
@TferThomas  Good Evening Sir,How is the travellin Man lol 
got accused of cheating by her cheating boyfriend! As if. Good bye, twat! Girly night in tonight! Woop! 
@spreadingjoy Good morning. Have a wonderful day 
says &quot;Good luck with your Theory Test  Chelsie  I'm sure you'll do fine  xxx&quot;
@EricsTXGal Good mornin' Kim  Nothin' too bad happened tonight. Luckily.
@mileycyrus Good morning Miley! I hope you have a great day 
@karynromeis I agree totally- Good session. Liked your point on corporate trainers knowing &amp;understanding learning &amp; therefore commented 
Ooouuhh... Good morning! Wie warm es heute ist! 
@cadelofficial http://twitpic.com/2y7pl - Yuck, lovely in Canberra   Good luck today.
@BloodiMari Ooh have fun! Good to make the most of the long weekend 
@Mendelt Good point, thanks, I think I never noticed because I am always looking to absorb info on DI/IoC 
Good morning.  Sleepy, cold and someone coughed on my coffee but I'm still smiling  (barely).  
@ecesarrivera Turbo Tax works wonders! Good luck! 
Good morning! Wow, temperatures dropped 25 degrees in one day in south Florida! Yesterday was 83, now its only 58! At least its sunny.  
@Staxx09 Congratulations!!! Ive been following that movie...it looks like a very good production...I look forward 2 seeing it  Good luck!
@Jayme1988 Good afternoon to you then. 
@TheRingLord Ha ha ha...  That's good! Good to see someone is intersted in NZ movie. They are not all bad.. 
Took a hiatus from Twitter. Very strange. - Also, back in Minneapolis. Good to be home. 
Took me 10 minutes to read through tweets from last 10 hours.   Good stuff.  
@bakersdog Welcomes new employee Josie! Too cute! http://snurl.com/fes2m And she slept through the night last night  Good girl.
Good Day Tweeps! Have a great day 
I'm gunna have a lazy day today.  Woo, Good timezzzzzzzz
Good morning, @mirandaanzures .... Only about eight hours until Noodles.... The only positive thing I can think of right now 
bb: Jackz47 Good morning fellow coffee lover   Glad to know ur up with us...
@M641 Good to hear you're busy!! Has spring finally arrived over there or are you doing egg hunt in snow? 
benefiting ergonomically from a re-arranged desk. Better 
Good nigh averyone. It is 9:44 pm in Korea. 
Watching Good Luck Chuck 
Good morning Tweeterville!  Looking forward to your tweets today   Make it an awesome day.
Good on you Parky  http://bit.ly/i3bAN
The Queen (U.N.I.T.Y) liked the new hair cut FTW! Good stuff 
@lindsaylou13 Good morning!  Usual comic work for me when I'm not helping my 2 year old build a tent in the living room. XD
@greyseer Glad I could help  Good luck!
@Natasja_Cupcake ...specially on the 'Let's have sex y'all' part. We're on the right side, right behind the tall guy. Good times 
Good morning. Just looked out the window  http://twitpic.com/2yhsy
@c_ohme it looked like he signed up, used it for a day, and threw in the towel..until YESTERDAY! Good job! 
Time to update my journal. Got a lot of stuff to record. Good night, Twitter. Good night, Micah (where ever you are). 
@jglasgow that wasn't my fault, it was YOUR fault. I'm not responsible for the noises I make. Good spelling reenactment, though. 
@misstoriblack Good morning Tori,,yes you will be ok hun 
Fine, with a heavy head I better get something done today. Damn the drink! Good night though. 
@winebard I think multitasting is what you do.    But yes, I am multitasking.  Good night for Pacific Northwest sports.  
Made it to OKC just fine.  Check-up went great.  I have 20/10 vision!!!  Parker has worn me out!  Good times!  
@michelleflores Good night Michelle! 
@BawldGuy LOL!!  Good for Mom!  
@bradiewebbstack How've you been latley? you havent twittered in ages, i miss you...and your funny tweets. Good luck today  xoxo MEOW!
I'm heading to dreamland...have to work tomorrow! Then to a going away party for a little bit after work! Good Night to you all! 
Just watched Babylon A.D. Good movie, but the ending was disappointing. Too sudden. Good movie though. 
Good night all - time for me to hit the hay, got to get up early.  Any one running the marathon 2morrow? Just wondering...Night! 
@Oprah Good nite Oprah, good show today 
Good night everyone in Tweeterland! Sweet dreams of you laying on fluffy pink clouds. 
@Oprah Good nite Oprah.. Shout out from Jakarta! 
@sweet19 Good! Try to eat something at least one at a time. I know you can get over that 
Just had an insightful conversation that lasted hours. Oh how i LIVE for those moments with interesting people!! Good-night tweet world! 
Eating while driving  Mmm... Good!! http://twitpic.com/3is29
@HomeSchBoutique Beaming some coffee over to you now. Good morning!! 
Good Mourning from the sisters. P stayed the night, it was nice. and GO ADAM, good luck with the bartending 
@lancearmstrong Awww!  It's a GREAT snowman!  Good job, kids!  
Omg the hair salon is packed!!! Good thing these are my in laws or ill be in here for foreeeverr and a day! VIP treatment baby  lmao
@Oprah I know I'm a bit late, but Good night Oprah 
Good morning  super tired only. 4Hrs of sleep :/ gonna b a superlong day!
@LambT Good luck, T!  Will be tracking your progress!  
@redduffman Nice!  Good choice...  
Good Luck on QVC Ellen 
Good morning! Take a look at Brokenanvil_CT  http://tinyurl.com/dll2qr
@Lint1 Good 
@AreeLulibub Good morning, Aree. 
Good morning  another day to start fresh, we will see what the day holds. For now... Breakfast!
@travisking I look forward to going to the Zoo this summer, my Ocelot is there &amp; I have yet to see my kitty! Good camera will come along 
Going to watch Band Comp in Richmond today! Good Luck 861!!!! 
@thakoharris: Good plan. Clear your head first. Then clearing the house is that much easier. 
Good morning twitterland. The sun is out in Chicago.. heading to the green market.. maybe a bike ride by the lake.. All the best to you 
Sick  Good thing its the weekend 
Good Afternoon everyone!! Hopefully today will be a nice day to take the kids out and work in the yard... 
Sleeping in feels so good!!! Ahhhhhhh..... Good morning everyone 
@MajorDodson Hehe.. Yes you were.. Good Job! 
Creative workshop. Good bk. Nice cup of tea latte. Warm shower. Funny movie. Precious time w dear. Soothing mask. My day. Nitez. 
@NotJennySanford Excellent. hope you enjoyed the show. 
@CoffeebreakDMV Thanks to you...that animated...&quot;my com-pu-ter love&quot; is in my head. Good thing I like the song  How are ya 2day Michelle?
@TheSickChick Maybe it can help teach me to make something that isn't socks  Good luck with it. I've had a load of fun blogging
@Silver_Queen Well let's drink 2 pots of coffee each, that ought to do it.  Good luck! 
@RealHughJackman, Hi emma from England. Loved you on Johnathon Ross! Good luck with the new film  x
@patrickfroman Good seeing you at one80! Tell your mom hi for me! 
@goodenufmother don't you know DELTA is an acronym for  Don't Expect Luggage To Arrive?  Good luck!
@vkgoeswild The new cam is awesome! Better sound and clear! 
Good Knight all...sorry I didn't make it on much today, See You tomorrow  xx
God is Good, Life is Good 
@lumendipity Wow, that is very impressive.  Better get my signed copies ordered soon 
STL/CHC goes over 9.5 early in the 8th. Good news and a fitting end to a nice profitable day 
@lanneb Good morning! Thank you for a lovely evening 
@Irish1974 I'll send him that message I sent you 3x, but FROM you.    Good night!
@Beverleyknight Good answer, look forward to seeing Wolves at Old Trafford next season 
@LordSnakie Good job, I like it a lot and it certainly fits well with what Bungie would do, doesn't seem over the top 
@alora Good for you! The way that weekends should be  I am sure that Austin loves you back, appreciation flows in all directions
Good friends......good conversation......good times!  Tonight, I'm chillaxin'.  
played with the band tonight, what a rush.  Excellent!  And now that that's done I can drink more.  Woot!   
@danecook I liked Good Luck Chuck but also liked your character in Waiting.  So it's a toss up.  Liked GLC because you were in it more.  
Back from, the mini homeshow thing/Bolt at kingswayyy. Good to see everyone  except of course you Rebekah -_-
Going to bed, another hard work day tomorrow, but I love hard work! Keep tweeting, talk tomorrow. Good Night 
@BreakupHelp I'm glad to hear that. Have a heart to heart talk peacefully, maybe things will get better? Good Luck, and God bless. 
@chrisrosa Good day in Monterey? 
@billbeckett I've been looking through all the SNMC's...I love them all, listening to Good Old War right now...Thank you. 
@fuzzz @emenel @krooj @astroboy @shapelike: Good luck at Paris-to-Ancaster tomorrow, dudes! Make me proud! 
@JonathanRKnight Ok I more I just can't help myself lol! http://tinyurl.com/dgnoej  Its midnight so I am off. Good Night 
@redwall_hp Good luck with your theme on Themeforest  Give me the link when it's approved?
I'm logging off for tonight. I've got some other things to do. Good Night, Everybody! 
@iheartyelle So you had two!? That's awesome! Good to hear, good to hear. Boys aren't everything, no worries. Just have fun with it. Haha 
@kaydeabc http://twitpic.com/3kulk - Sunset photos from airplanes are in a category all to themselves. Good shot! 
@nyproperty4sale J, Good evening. How did that go ?  Steven
@deustch whats up? Just got off the computer. Good to see you are on and all is twitterific! 
Sitting in my own bed with a laptop and beef and noodles watching Fresh Prince .... Life is Good. 
Good Night! I'm sleeping in tomorrow 
Playing HORSE now...First flop was triple K's.. Good thing I didn't fold a K 
About to head to bed. Better 
@anglcjen Sweet dreams..  Sounds like a great weekend. and next even better.  Good to see you happier. 
is going to try to go to bed but I might be back to see if JK tweets!  Good Knight...maybe! 
Sigh. Baby asleep next to me. Good little man he is. 
About to head to bed...had a great day chatting with a friend   Good Night all!!
@renatak Get some rest mom  You've got a busy, but incredible day ahead of you tomorrow @HeroesforAutism. Good night :-&gt;
Good night... have to get my rest and beauty sleep!  Tweet you all tomorrow........ sleep tight.
Good Night Everybody! 
in St Petersburg for changing planes. Good place for spending 10 hours  
@JBOB180 btw - Good job on finally putting up a PHOTO Avatar!!!  
damn is it 11 oclock? time to get off twitter. Good night all  Have a gorgeous sleep!
@smartsavvy Good to see you!  Look forward to your tweets  
@seattlegeekly Good point. Hubby and I were having a rare date night (daughter at a sleepover) so well worth missing 
Good day mates  Sunny on my part and i'm headed to the pool to get a nice tan! 
Yawn. I'm so sleepy. I'm going to bed now. Early, I know, but it's been a long day. Good night, everyone! Sweet dreams! 
I do love that Melissa knows every single lyric - even to the new stuff off the upcoming album! Good times 
I'm back home with a buzz. Good weekend, can't complain.  Now I'm goin to bed. nite Twitts 
Good day, all. Updating iPod and reading some today's newsletter 
@eccoitaly Good morning Italy!  We will visit your beautiful country in a few days time (Milano Fair).  Have a #happysunday!!! 
I shall attempt this 'sleep' thing at a decent hour tonight. Decent as in shortly after midnight, instead of 4am (that's just indecent!)  
@nikka_d Haha! Good then! Yeah, soon enough, you'll be veeery addicted. Haha! 
Good morning. Eating some breakfast now and will do some more signtseeing later. Going back to London even later. It's cold here 
@DiyanaAlcheva Good for you, I love the play area for the Chisslets &amp; Swedish meatballs for afters. I always spend too much though 
@OriginalLinDA Good morning &amp; good night.  Sweet dreams to you
Good morning!  Sun shiny day again here in Wales, we are getting very good at this sunshine business! Wonder what today will bring.
#f1 wish I got out of bed earlier. never knew the weather was going to cause so much fun. Excellent season so far 
@iamjonathancook Good! You deserrrrrve it 
@teaberry2 Ciao!! Good to hear from you   From your SlowTravel comments, sounds like you are having a fabulous time!  Enjoy!!
IAMX gig was outstanding last night and as I was driving it was nice to wake up without a hangover  ..... Good times.....
@JonathanRKnight Fun watching you be so happy tonight!  Good dancin'!!!  You made the concert extra special 
@liljan98 Send me a cup of coffee over... I sure could need one myself right about now.  Good morning. Happy tweeting.
Good GP so far. 
@DavidKirlew Good I'm really glad!  I've decided to make it my job to be happy everyday! Italians do it (relaxing) better! 
This is why I can't go to sleep early LOL I wake up to damm early writting shit here. Good morning Twitt's 
@KneeGrowSODMG Good to hear good to hear! Imma hit the sack. G'night 
Good morning! Playing mafia at tapioca  @mployr
@SnuffGnome Heh, heh! Good to see you're still around, hope the swelling subsides soon, lol  
@LaurenKay1994 Good one!  Therefore, he's a hero/heart stealer. lol.
Home. Good times w the crew tonight. Passin out... lookin fwd to tomorrow 
@iamdiddy Got the message, i totally agree! Keep up the Good Work, everyone  Thx, Diddy! Peace
@JonathanRKnight Good Knight Sweetie and Thanks for a great show  I skipped out on the HOB too 
Good dia! Boa morning!   
Booking a holiday to Malia   Good times
Good morning everybody! I have breakfast. Egg, ham, bread, mayo 
@MariahCarey  Hello MC! Good morning! 
@petewentz I'm going to the rescue too.  Good for you Pete, thanks. 
Good night out in Greenwich last night, now back to my daughter who thinks I've abandoned her 
Just downloaded twitterberry--Well, I'm done for the night! Good night to all!! 
Good morning everyone  looking forward to a sunny day in the midlands. Ooh and warm I hope 
@JonathanRKnight Thank you for making my night so amazing. I couldn't stop smiling... you guys are great! Good night for now 
@em_c Good try  Well done with the painting by the way.
@mileycyrus: Good Luck for Europe 
@TheEngTeacher young man... love it. Feeling ancient at the moment. Good night 
@Malach Constant learning is always good. Good on you for doing that 
@Magnetoboldtoo Ok, fine. I only just ate the one. I shall return them to the freezer. Good night to you and your sorry arse! 
Good morning sunshine!!! Another gorgeous morning here in NJ!!!  
@dsmpublishing Also, I saw &quot;A Good Year&quot; today, which is also cheesy, romantic comedy, and loved it. Blokes like me do enjoy romance too 
@jeffparks Good morning, Jeff 
@heybickley noticed you read/are reading Furies of Calderon. Good stuff. 
@fddlgrl Good m\night to you as well, Christine. Well... it's going to be a good morning when you see this, I suppose... 
@dannypcrook @iainmcooke Good advice from both of you - re: Thrush - dont use the chocolate balls corners either. - noted! TY! 
Good afternoon world. Been too busy to tweet. Washing,sewing,cleaning. Lunch at mum-in-laws. Lovely. Hope everyones hangovers have gone. 
Good Sunday morning!  Off to church listening to Clay Aiken Grace of God 
@LovingM3 Thanks Hunnay !!!...Had a good time..Good people...Good food..Good Liq...Who could ask for more 
Face is itchy. Going to bed. 5:42 AM, screwed for tomorrow morning. We'll see how things play out. Good night, Twitter 
@mhenslee Good morning and have a blessed Lord's Day to you and @mrsmhenslee, as well 
Good afternoon Twitters! Well what a night! Hypno dog, magic show, bbq and vodka redbull. For those who asked we did not eat the rabbit 
Good morning peoples... glad I woke. Up early enough to go workout... Then something tasty for breakfast 
@Teaslydale I'm sorry! But it's so sunny!!! Granted, I am doing school work. But still! Good luck with your tech! 
@Damzyland Hello Damzy! Good to have you on here 
Good Day, Everyone! Thanks to all my new followers. Not enough room to name everyone. Prosperity and Abundance to you! You deserve it! 
@pixiegal if u new to the app., VQG series are a great start: http://bit.ly/L02eG /Good luck with your new phone! wow, 12 mpx! 
@Mike_Wesely Good morning  Call me dumb but I didn't understand your reply...LOL
attempted to go for a ride today, pretty cold this morning. Soar ears and such. Good luck # Paris2Ancaster riders! 
@TraciKnoppe Good morning to you Traci   Doing well, how about yourself?
@LovelyRita13 Good morning! Glad to hear you've got a sunny day there. Rain stopped briefly here - looks so lush and green outside now. 
Good morning! Gotta love a really good night's sleep! 
Good times in London town   Also, Pretty Balanced have changed their name to The Alphabet?  That is not good Google tactics.
@jonprice Good ole Suzan 
I know most of you people despise Nascar, but I'm not upset, it's just because you're ignorant  #Nascar  Good to see M Martin win again.
@JonathanRKnight @jordanknight Just wanted to say Good night 
@kristianlaliber JEALOUS!! Good for you!! 
Good morning everyone !!  Loving this amazing weather !! :]
Good luck to all those braving the crowds at the SunRun this morning  
@IzzyJ_Is_Here Good morning bitch mama!  How are you and Iz today??? 
What a beautiful day it is at the beach.. Good day for jet skiing, but just still a little cold for that. But not for everyone  Have fun!!
@lyyyl Good on ya for standing your grounds (and on your pretty shoes!). Oh, and you graduated from the same place as my boyfriend 
Good morning. Daddy is cooking a yummmm breakfest 
@bubblesparaiso Back to work? Good Luck! 
@lyyyl Good on ya for standing your grounds (on your pretty shoes!). Oh, and you graduated from the same place as my boyfriend 
Good Trance music &gt; redbulls!  #asot400
@jenjoec2003 Good morning! Have fun with your party today. I hope you do really well!!! 
@Murphy24p - quick foyer handshake. Good to put a face with the tweets. Y'all have fun on the tour 
@Crastking man, I hve the turtle neck again . Better take a stool drool   Xoxoxo
@RhyleeRichards Good morning Rhylee, hope you and Rhyse are having a great weekend 
@tattood1 Good to be twittering, Adam. I should have expected to find you out here. 
Good morning, Twitter!  Hard to wake up - it's raining here, perfect sleeping weather 
@lovelysurprise To my credit, I'm NOT thinking 4 times in a row. Not that I wouldn't do it. But I AM spreading it out over 2 wks. Better? 
@shullah Yes I agree. Sometimes, at the dorm, you miss food ENTIRELY.  Good luck with Sheils! xo
@OsmentEmily Good morning Emily !  I love you so much you're such a great actress ! plz say hi to Finland ? 
Good afternoon! I woke up early today, Katy is still sleeping... that's a first. 
Sundays are the best movie days! Watching the Matrix &amp; A Few Good Men at the same time 
@LuminateBand Cool! Good Luck! Plz can u send me pictures later from GMA?  It would be fun! 
@NadavS Sweet. Good idea  They let u keep it? How often u in the states?
Good news from Cali: They overcame the issues; placed 10th &amp; won the communication award.  http://poisson.me.dal.ca/~dp_08_14/
@TheRealJordin Good morning Jordin 
@MrInfamy Good Luck with that! 
Good day of showing! Three fifths, two fourths, one second, and one first! Paris was awesome. 
I went to a party that started at 3am last night. There was 6 kegs and a bomb ass disc Jockey. I love college Good morning twitter nation 
@rockmp Good Times! 
Better prove myself  I was... #herebeforeoprah ! Where you...if so prove it!
@wingspouse Good luck! Hopefully it works on yours 
@OfficialTL Taylor, I wanted to wish you Good Luck with New Moon, soo much stuff for your character in this film/book! Your a great Jacob 
Good afternoon everyone. I'm cleaning off my desk today of MESS.  Its so needed.   
@SunriseNZ that is pretty funny. Better not ever happen to me....but that is pretty funny 
Has Just Joined Twitter.. Good Tymes.. 
@Jessicaveronica Oh sucks about your phone! I always end up losing mine &amp; find it in the randomest places! Good luck for tonight!  &lt;3
So, the guild gonna try to continue Ulduar10. Good Luck guys 
@IvanCampuzano You ROCK Ivan! Good listener = Priceless 
Flight landed within 20 minutes of ea other rather than 30..nice. Waiting for bag...then gonna reunite with the team. Good to be back 
@DavidPFrance   Good Luck  I used to dance, when i wasn't injured.   OH and Nice Last Name 
Good Night tweeties 
Good Night girls! 
@JoelMadden &quot;75K followers. Good grief. Thanks.&quot; You're welcome 
@Tyrese4ReaL Good morning man! Prefer ma Gucci teethbrush!  How r u? Congrats for the Mayem thing!
@bfheroes Lol And alot of NDA breakers, hackers, and other mischief as well. Good thing I'm around to enforce it. 
Back @teleacnot and back on Twitter after couple of sickdays and weekend of R&amp;R. Good to be back. 
@brob108  Woo! Good stuff guys, will pick up a copy today. 
@KimSherrell Good Night!  LOL!
Going to sleep to my favorite song. Peacock tail- boards of canada. Good night everyone! 
@kc8584 Good enough reason to fly with Jetstar   If they go where you want and the price is good.
@seventy_eight Good luck!  Well done on losing your weight 
@Meister_Schmerz Good job, hope it was a great weekend, and lot's of suspensions! 
@steverunner Good luck today Steve! 
@Senilius_110 Oh, enjoy your new job. Good luck 
@MarkNijhof Excellent 
Good morning new followers. nice to meet you all. My tweets are about my life and my networking businesses. Hope that will interest you 
@Mjamme Good morning. Needed a hug 
Ora bom dia and a great Good morning all 
Okay....Good night. Sweetest of dreams to you!  
@audaciousgloop  You avoid bandwagons? Better steer clear of me - I'm definitely a wheel on one of those 
@PembrokeDave Good morning Pembroke Dave 
@mimimyne Brilliant news! Good luck! 
@stephenfry Good luck, I have a number of crowns, not easy at the time, but worth it in the end. Nice strong white tooth 
Hi @angsuman: Found you through @MrTweet. Good to see you're a human being 
Good morning Universe!!! 
@sophiaannabush Good morning to you do. Well, it's 12 pm here so it's not really morning but for you it is..  Have a great day!
God is Good! Infact he is VERY Good! Infact, there aren't sufficient words to describe just how good he is! 
@_Lady_M sounds like a lovely evening...Good night now 
Good morning!  Glad we had beautiful weather over the weekend &amp; the rain held off...happier my new wipers didn't fall off this a.m.!  
Good afternoon !!! Waw  no tests for this week ,what's new with you guys ?
@George1024 Good point 
Good morning J! I woke to your voice this morning  Tweet!
@newoldmom Goodness, where are you at? I'm guessing East Coast? It's 3:20-something in Cali, and feeling awful late for a &quot;Good morning&quot; 
#GNW Good News Week just started and McDermott already bagging religion 
@RunningComm Sure you've got the right day?  Good luck
@willsmith727 Good luck Will, hope it all goes well for you 
Good morning Echelon 
@sboyle_offical: Hello Susan! You were amazing. I was crying through your performance. Good luck! 
@aplusk  Good Mornin. 
Listening to #Good Charlotte makes me feel all summery and shiney and happy  Well, most songs do, not the sad ones... Obviously!
@darrenram Good luck! Great weather  Have fun
Good morning Twitterville.  
Good morning.  Catching up on emails, enjoying first cup of coffee.  Had a great weekend 
@JonathanRKnight Good morning! Glad you enjoyed the show. I have heard that her shows are really good.  Off to make coffee 
@munchkin078012 Good Luck 
@CEPSocks_anne awesome! Have a run to work day and trail marathon this weekend. Good &quot;testing&quot; conditions 
@ronanofficial I'm over in Scotland uk, its''s beautiful sunshine....Good luck with the marathon,  you like to keep busy 
I get the feeling that #Tweetie will get better and better. Good v1.0 release 
@micahlef @danlefeb Good morning, guys! TGIM! 
Good morning Tweeters  It's a cold/rainy day here in CHI. Have an awesome day, be safe, and share a smile. It warms the heart. Tootles 
Good mornin. It's 420 n I'm gettin high!! On a plane.. LOL. Yall kno iont smoke 
@DateMeCT Thank you  Good luck on your date today
Good morning...The sun is shining the tank is clean &amp; 2days da day we get... I watched  Finding  Nemo last nite    &gt;&gt;Won-For-Tree-Seben&lt;&lt;
Good luck to my sister's first day of CE tomorrow 
It's time to twitter off to bed now...Good night my Twittering friends 
Tweetie looks like a nice app, but I want Nambu back. Hopefully it won't be a beta for long. Good morning, everyone! Have a nice day 
@KiddKraddick Good MORNING Starshine 
Good morning! Feeling a little sNaRkY this morning.  How are you, you, you AND you?  
@laragreenway Excellent news! 
Good morning! Just waking up.... NO CLASS so HAPPY 
@andysowards Haha, yeah I know how that goes. Good to see you back and feeling better! Same as usual here - working hard to hardly work. 
Morning! Just making an appearance. Cleaning windows &amp; corners today. Feeling closer to God already~  Raining in MI. Good day to stay in.
@Aeremaee Good luck!  Just stay calm and professional, and you'll do great!  
@JamieTimm Good luck with the presentation.  I know you'll do great!  Can I see your slides after? 
@Nemi72 Good! Relax a bit for me too 
@jonthanjay Good morning! I used to have a cat named Harley 
@ajcarlos25 Good luck! Sooner or later one will stick 
Good morning to all our new followers! Let me know if there if anything we can do for you! 
Good morning all! Yet another beautiful day. Take some time out to tell someone what you're greatful for today...or tell me  Blessings!
hung out at ATC just a few hours ago. Good times, good laughs. 
Good day my people, my community, my village! I know its raining at times today, but its healthy. Renew the soil(SOUL).   
@magpiecreative @metalmo   PIPE? !!! Good Lord! What kind of specimen of a man have you married???  xo
Bedtime! Good night my lovelies! 
Good morning  Just found out that I could have slept a little longer...still getting confused with time change in some parts of the world
Good morning Tweet Family. Gorgeous day - sun is shining, birds are singing, my coffee machine is leaking... but working... 
@orangearrows Hey! You!! Good work tonight. You are a good person. Glad to have been following you all this time.  Rest well.
@SentinelPrime #TFARP Yeah, stasis-time for me too, I think. Good night. 
@RealLamarOdom Hi LO, socal is super hot!!!! Good Luck tommorrow!!! You have many female fans on facebook La Lakers Hotties, much love 
@JohnnyLaird @John1954Moi Good morning 
@Dot12b Here's hoping! Good morning to you, D! 
Am finally giving up and going to try to get some sleep. Good night/morning! 
@tothemattresses Not that it needs any pimping, but I'm like an ambassador for The Good Stuff.  
Just finished studying and watching OTH. Good night, Janelle and Leah.  Ortho appointment at 10a. Good night, world.
Good friends are a GIFT @AgataAlexander @Enterbelladonna @Contentwhore @Peterwarren @SashaGrey &quot;Look at you all, so shinny &amp; beautiful&quot; 
@MHeadcase LOL Good! Night night 
Good morning Twittizens! The sun is shining and I'm feeling good 
@CaraLouLou Good Luck! 
Grape and pomegranite juice really doesn't taste anywhere near as Good as I hoped :/ pain au chocolat does though! 
Good morning everyone out there! Ready to rock the day? 
Good tattoos ain't cheap and cheap tattoos ain't good. Holmz kno's wot am talkin bout  Holla
@nathanrdotca Excellent 
@LyonsTeaBaby Good to see more people working from the proper book on Management 
@Shodanagal Thank you! Maybe, it's not too late for me!  (((((Shodanagal))))).  Good night to you!!!
@TexAxile Hi old geezers  Good to see you've still got some movement in those limbs! ;) Enough to raise a glass &amp; fandango, cheers amigos.
@serenamchugh Good luck! Looking forward to calling you &quot;Frau Doktor&quot; one day 
Good luck to everyone playing baseball tonight! Let me know who wins 
@Wathobio, you know what movies. They were 3 dvds ! Better have them by next week, or pre-order a coffin 
Hopefully today is going to be fantastic. Just woke up. Good morning 
@donnyosmond  So excited about the site!! You know we've all been waiting very impatiently!! Good luck with CH tonight! 
yay lol, my bipolar cell phone fixed himself! Good job, Gibbs 
@abctwity hahaha. Excellent. I will share all my silly thoughts with u 
Good morning Y'all.  Late start today, just now heading to the gym.  I hear the robins chirping like all-get-out in the yard.  
@EricNorthman Good morning Eric. 
Good morning!!  Did someone say new ink??  You read my mind!!  
@justads  Good Ads vs Bad Ads, let me know who wins out 
@perezhilton Good Luck 
@shawngann wishing you the best this weekend! Good luck and bring home a Wally! 
@JonathanRKnight I like how you corrected Jordan's spelling  Good big brother
@JonathanRKnight Don't you want me to come to NYC for my punishment for &quot;ruining&quot; your artwork?    Good night - try &amp; sleep 2night. 
@RPMotorsports Good luck to all of the RPM drivers tomorrow night!! 
Good night everyone! I'm out for the night need some sleep. Have a good one wherever you are. 
@DarkPiano Good Night Loren 
being 1AM here; I'm off to bed. Tomorrow we have to do some promo with the Argentinian Echelon!  Tweet ya later, folks! Good night!
My family is in town this weekend! Yummy dinner at Norte and now hanging out. Good times! 
@JonathanRKnight Dragging my ass to bed now. Good Knight, Jon! 
Got the Transformers song going through my head. Good time to go to sleep, I guess 
Good night. And good luck on your final in the AM 
@CLinterior Happy weekend; that is great about your father.  Good morning yet from our side of the globe 
@MarkRosenbauer   Good night Mark  
Last tweet of the day friends.  See you around.   Good Night.
@dphyfe hey man. Missed ya tonight. I'm supposed to be asleep right now  reading Facing Your Giants. Good book.
Good to hang with the ex AP peeps; and good to celebrate a birthday with good friend. Happy bday, @Magaard! 
@dannywood Good night Danny. You are so sweet 
@Hatz94 Good for you! They suck! 
Good night Ladies.. My Besties!! See you all tomorrow!  @melmer @Cschaefer22 @Rissajane06
@TehBlue Yum, greasy food. Well, I'm off to get some sleep. Good night/morning. 
Yay cat on a hot tin roof was super good. And paul newman is kinda. . . Sexy.  super duper tired now. Good night to all. . .
I just saw the new X-Men movie. Yup...Liev Schreiber just plain rocks!  Now it is time for bed. Good night, y'all! Sleep tight!
Bye twitter heads am of to sleep Good Niqht 
@caoo Arigato  Good luck on your  part-time job!!
Good morning and happy weekend  Hiya to all my new following tweeps 
Good morning everyone! Long day ahead, but the design is almost ready 
300 twitters! Well, 301 with this post.... Good night everybody ! 
@aslikeanarnian Hooray? Better busy than bored though 
@SohanaB @LegalCookie heh heh heh. Texas is a BIG state. Law schools in every major city. Good luck. 
@GillesMarini Good luck, Gilles! I'll be voting for you! 
Just got back from the KIDH show tonight. Good show, bad promotion from CUMA. Kicking it w Naledge, Double-O, Kolar, and gang was cool 
I'm up! Better night's sleep than I expected. Ready to tackle 13.1 miles! Good morning! 
Good night world.... I shall go to sleep yet again wondering... Are we human or are we dancers? 
@lostgirl66 Excellent play and character names 
Woke up.. Good night rest ^^ Let's do some more math! 
I haven't been out in such a long time! Good times at Vanilla tonight! 
@_ClaireBear_ Good night Claire! 
@ShropshirePixie Good morning Pixie 
@aikiverse Good luck, lady!!! Send our love to the rest of the 48ers! 
@londonali1010 Good for you Ali, Blocking is so final, isn't it. Well I spose not, but that sounded good 
Sleeping in extremely late tomorrow hah. Goodnight. Good Birthday  Thanks
Good ~Night All!! Sweet~dreams 
@fudgecrumpet Crikey! It's a long time ago that I could do that sort of thing without getting stomach ache.Good start to weekend, though 
@happyjodi Well done, the Eagles always lets them win the first encounter  Good Sports! haha
@aef6259 aaaahhhhh... Well... Good for u anyway! 
@staceeeeee shepards pie ::drools:: Looks like I'm headed to bed now Good night..! Your going to the party yeah? Be safe &amp; look hot   Ttyl
Goin to sleep got yooodioo sessions tom so follow and fux wit me!! Good night and keep it 100+ twitt world!!!! 
@matigo Good idea. No hot drinks before landing 
Gotta go. Good night Tweeties. See you tomorrow 
@prendalotutto Yes. Thank you. Good night. Talk with you, later. 
Good morning! Let one of the best days ever start 
@EasyTigerz Better today, was so so hungover yesterday. Going to a birthday party for my friend's kid (she's 1) I'm her godmother 
@geenathelatina  Good Times Missy  I especially luv when you jump on the mic and tell everyone to get &quot;f#@%d up&quot;
Good morning to all my sweet tweets *waves*  Xxx
@m0onstruk1 You were sooo hammered last night. Good JOB!!!!! 
Good Morning to ALL my followers. Just because I dont speak to you all doesnt mean Im not watching! Have a great day all of you 
@WonderingMick Every piece of thing has dual character , Good luck with you 
@bkmacdaddy Good morning! Don't worry- sleep is overrated. 
Third concert DVD today: 1. Simple Plan, 2. Good Charlotte and now McFly. What a great day 
@Just_Aimee Good morning! Don't worry- sleep is overrated. 
Good morning! I'm excited. Getting ready for the show tonight 
Good morning friends @YonishTrash @HiceRE @BobBarclay @Snookie007 @Amity_Cafe @USCrudeOil  Have a great day! 
Good morning! SAT time...Pray please 
@christian792 Good Luck!! 
Good morning all  Today looks like it is gonna be a BEAUTIFUL day  Enjoy...
@Simonforfilm Thumbs up to @LOVEFiLMLucy for taking the time to reply to my blog post about LoveFilm http://bit.ly/XZ7HM Good service! 
@writereader Oh ok   Good!
had a great time at Relay For Life  Good night!
Good morning everyone! I am going back to bed for a few. lol    Have a great day everyone!
@Dani_DVM  Good luck!    See you tonight!
@fangio44 Pyramid Plunder all the way to 99. The only down side is that it's hard to chat at the same time. Good xp tho 
says Good evening. Yey  http://plurk.com/p/rd2kh
@crisr lol no foods but everyone was stroking her  &amp; ooohing , she then knocked a figurine of a vile mushroom off the shelf, Good job Em! 
@domster Excellent stuff, good start to the hols 
Good morning Tweets  Need Starbucks!
Ahhh... Columbo again.  Good.  I do like a bit of shabby mac, even though I have seen most of them a few times before 
Good afternoooon Twitterbugs! I zonked out last night and slept for an incredible 12 hours  Got my nails did and now waiting for my lunch!
Good morning!! Nice weather today! Thinking about what to do today..... 
@Iggydwya Scholarship? Good luck. 
@ingrid_x3 Good Luck!  You will do finee.
@pollyworld Good luck Polly! 
Good morning ! Beautiful morning, 75min progression run in prep for race next weekend.  Drinking a cup of java 
@Rove1974 Good luck; will be watching to see if u win 
Omg I had the most fun ever! Good week at work, awesome day wakeboarding.... Couldn't be happier right now 
@BarbInNebraska  Mayor's run is the kids race. Is he doing the marathon? Ouch! Good morning. 
GOT ONE! Wasn't the one I necessarily wanted, but it's staying!   Good morning Wilmington!
@patrickrlaurent and @wDeanDodson are running the Mini Marathon this morning! Good luck guys!!! Please come home in one piece! 
@JBlazemusic Good morning.  Im waking you up early. You need to wash your stinky butt cause I smell u all the way up here in Jersey.  jk 
Good morning! Going shopping today. That always makes me smile 
Good morning sunshine! Nice tan here I come! 
@BethMalicki Great job on your awards! We truly enjoy seeing you give us the news. Hope u don't go anywhere! Good ones r hard 2 find! 
@Bball4life Good morning 
Good morning! Coffee...watching cartoons with my grandson   
@TheEngTeacher ah yes it will ;) And welcome to the world of #BlackBerry and @SocialScope  Good night.... zzzzz
Hiya, folks! Good morning! How's everyone doing? 
@lofreds Good Luck....makes me want to start working out again.  Thanks for the inspiration 
@suggasugga Good morning my friend!Just gettin ready to get a shower myself!Love you too 
Hi twitters!!  Good morning!!
@WarrenWhitlock Better luck in your next hotel stay 
@MissyWard Just saw your tweet on your navigation abilities. Good on ya! I've got a pretty good sense of direction too. 
@dollypink Better watch what I say then, don't fancy sleeping with the fishes 
@ComcastGeorge Good stuff!!  Keep up the great work and thanks a ton for updating me.  I'm going to follow you for future news. 
Good morning Tweets!  Have a great weekend!  
@jonthanjay  Good morning and happy to hear you're feeling  a bit better  Have a good day  *hugs*
@bareilles Your own kid? OMG, that seems early. Good luck with that though. 
Good old Devizes, dull as ever 
@clairehearty WOO  Good for you 
@Adrian_A_Diaz Good morning  Yes, yes, yesss! Keep me updated on the assembly date, cus my chances of remembering are not high sadly.
@GavinDeGraw yeah Gavin!  Good to have you on 
@ZacharyThomas Good point. Whatever doesn't kill you just makes you stronger 
Good morning Tweepers! Let's stay positive &amp; an inspiration to all those peeps u encounter today. A bit cloudy out, but no chance of rain 
has Earl Grey tea and a fat-free chocolate muffin. Good morning, Twitterverse 
@choochootheband Good morning. Haha. Just woke up. 
@EternalCow Good, also. Getting ready to head to the local comics store &amp; watch WOLVERINE with the family. Fun day ahead. 
Good morning Twitterville! Some yoga, fresh air and sunshine in the yard are sure-fire cures for 'rita madness aftermath 
@wahliaodotcom Good victory for all women in Singapore 
Bobo ah.. Good night tweeps.. 
Good afternoon everyone! I was out of town last week and didn't get a chance to send an update. We were visiting colleges in Texas 
@Childofares Good here. Things are quiet. How you dorin'? 
@citizendan Excellent, very funny. 
Good start to the series, Caps 
Good day outside. Let's do something before the fight? 
@LynnSerafinn Too bad I can't listen! You have to live in the UK to listen online. Good to hear from you tho 
Get my hair done, go to Kody's, Kiku's, prom, post prom, then stay up all night with my girls. Good night 
@corcoran What overindulgence? Live life to the fullest  And yeah, Wife is back. Good to have her.
@vonp2 Good mornin' Von.  
finally heading to bed. Good night at whitneys party. Meeting more italians.  i love it. Night.
dealing with a killer headache and stomachache. Good thing it waited for me to get off work..... Make me feel better? 
I just got home. I'm tired. =P Tonight was SOOO fun. LCBO paper bags, bacardi and coke. =P Nuff said.  Good night world! 
@pacquiaonews Congratulations! I was there 2 witness the TKO! Good job fellow Filipino!You make us proud  Time 2 relax from the excitement
I just got home. I'm tired. =P Tonight was SOOO fun. LCBO paper bags and bacardi and coke. =P Nuff said.  Good night world! 
Good JOb Everyone!!! 
@decoystars My sympathy. It has happened to me thrice before. So frustrating. Good night! 
@kameelahwrites Hey there! Thank you.  I really enjoy reading your blogspot and tumblr. Good stuff!
Tweeps,  its bedtime! Good Knight to all, and may the Macknightwahlbergwood dreams be smutty. 
Good luck to Gavin and Dad today. You will do brilliant, and I'll be shouting at you &quot;Run Faster! Get a real job!&quot; 
Just got off BlogTV with @obnoxiousacorns! What a lot of fun (even with the HUGE lag at the end). Good night, all. 
Good Night all! 
Wake Up !!! Good morning Everybody !! 
@hellivina haha I hope it did. Good night  Have a good sleep.
@Rove1974 Good Luck  Don't Fuck it up ;)
@MissKeriBaby Yea, Good Point. 
@CandlesbyTasha  me either!  I found Mr. Right, &amp; we both have grown kids so we will just wait 4 grandchildren!  Good luck finding yours!
Good Night Everybody gonna see if i can sleep feeling tired see you tomorrow 
Kicked out the club Early! c/ o @lovjay... J/K... Great night.. Good times! Holla @ ya girl 
What a day! Work + party with the family, gf and Tony + FOOD! + rock band + wii bowling + Pacquiao owning Hatton. Good times! Night 
Good night at the vern. Didn't think I was going to have 8 pints of ipa but sometimes things just work out that way 
Oh goddd. Late night driving with kate. Good night. 
@DavidArchie Hi! Good morning!  and hope u have a great day 
@astrospacenow Oooh, I'm liking the front page of ASN so far. I eagerly await me email update  Good luck with the launch!
Good Job Manny Pacquiao!!!!  you're the best, ya know?
Good morning Twitter! @Matik Good night 
@gerardway Gerard,How's going your weekend,dear?Good Night to you,Sweet Dreams  xxx
is cleaning out the media rack... and found the Class of 2003 KGV VCD.  Good Times! 
Hello world, good morning sunshine. Good to see you again, who me? I'm doing fine! 
@GregoryGorgeous Good morning tweeet from Singapore 
Good Night All! 
@weedoutofthepot Twitter Status: All Good. 63/100 and 30 more mins. limits are great! 
@DawnRichard Good luck Dawn! I know you're gonna be great 
@JonathanRKnight Good night  Sweet dreams
Morning all! Lovely sunny sunday morning. Good times 
@lissyvz Good for you. Just goes to prove me wrong. Nice things do happen to nice people 
@GrowHuge Thank you, Good to have you as a new friend as well 
Good afternoon everyone  Had an awesome AWESOME meeting  #GodRocks!
Good Sunday morning!  Gorgeous day in T-town today:  sunny and 70!  Get out and enjoy it 
Awake lovely and sunny outside! Good night last night and no hangover like last week 
Good morning all sunny out side to day! And it's..... SUNDAY! 
@gillianmckeith   Good Morning Ms. Gillian:  Signing up on Twitter's wefollow is an EXCELLENT idea.    Have a wonderful day.  Hugs, Angel
Good morning all! Coffee is good! 
@alysonwills Good attitude!  Shake it off 
@sophiestication Good luck Sophia! 
@pcornqueen I'm a bit miffed that I was the SECOND jeff you said hi to today, but I'll get over it. Good morning to you, too. 
@sophiestication Good Luck! 
@JapaneseJujitsu Good morning!  Hopefully this contest works for those of us in the states as well. 
Just got home from the mall. Good Evening, Homo Sapiens! 
@pauljholden Good stuff. Slowing down here too. 70 odd shots with gareth, about 20 each for the other two. Had my photo taken with them 
@RockumSockum Good morning Rocky!  Guess what Kiana did well in track - woo hoo!   Have fun chasing lizards today! 
@hobogene Good Mornin' Gene... rise and shine... well rise here in TN... it's raining!  
@Autumn4given Good morning!  I hope you have a blessed day. 
I would rather that RIM steal my idea as they will make it work. Good technology + great idea = awesome application and cheque for me 
@carissacaricato Good Luck!  I'm about to head out and look for a new coffee spot 
Good Vegan lunch : cucumber, tomato + green onion , bit of olive oil and pepper... mmm 
@petalsntwigs Good morning! Happy Waffles! It's good when I actually want the usual - 75% of the time. They're great there 
@courtney_s Well then I suppose sleep can wait!!! If u need help/second set of eyes, someone to sleep 4 u, let me know. Good luck. 
@dannywood Good morning Danny! Have a wonderful day with your family..I will be with mine too 
@ATC1982 Good morning to you too, and thanks  We'll be keeping this up to date during the competition!
Tummy hurts  Good thing mom's cooking today! 
Good morning everyone!!! I'm really sore, but I think I'll be OK 
Good morning  Headed home!
Good morning! Just finished an apple fritter for breakfast. That was my fruit serving for the day 
Good morning! How's it going? Check out our blog! http://www.gamboaphotos.com/blog 
is finally feeling inspired! Better cash in whilst it lasts 
@ArsenalSarah Excellent idea that could help her out you going to send it 
@JrMozart, @KCL1976 Good morning, boys 
@andypike Really? Fantastic! Good to know that! Will tell Martin 
@KrisColvin try difft church  Good % tweeple @ our #church, more than at tech confs i've been to. Tweets cross boundaries &amp; draw 2gether
Better look both ways before you cross that line -- the virgins 
Good morning twitters! I'm in la with Isaiah, gonna go to corona del mar today to see the tide pools 
Got some cute rubber boots!  sperry's..completely ruined! Lol! Good thing they were my old pair!
@DJIronik Haha sounding good. Good luck anyway mate and come play in Brighton soon yes? 
@Nemi72 I understand..some things can't be avoided   Good timing on the walk, but I do enjoy a walk in the rain too, if not raining hard
Good morning everyone....I feel great!  Storm last night watered all my flowers  and now the sun is shining today...Perfect
Good morning everyone! Happy #poynterday  I'm not with the right pic yet, but i'm gonna change later. xxx
Thank you Lord for blessing me with another day of life. Good morning to everyone in twitterville. Enjoy your sunday 
@tommasonbass i had my card details cloned this last week. Co-op caught it before anything was spent. Good people 
@Nololos Good morning Nolo   Coffee is ready and first duck feeding is handled.....  2 hrs &amp; 45 min til girl time 
Good morning tweeple! Heading off to the bookstore again, my new obsession: fonts and typography 
Good good got a new Bench top,Henleys jeans and a new pair of sneakers LOL well there really K-Swiss B-Ball shoes 
Good Night people 
@wpwend42 Good Luck with your thesis defense!! 
Excellent potato suggestions, all! 
Good Night TweetHearts 
Good Night!  It's never too late for GOOD NEWS! &quot;Jesus is &quot;The Good Shepherd&quot; http://aintathatgoodnews.blogspot.com/
@creamteam Better safe than sorry. 
Arrived from a hour walk, that felt so great. Good for killing the stress. 
@9thAveVintage Awesome!!! Good luck in getting your next 100! 
@Jester512 Good to hear it, I'm doing alright tonight myself, just watching cartoons and chillin' hahaha 
@roxyolin Good ole steph  Ive never tried sushi before... describe what it tastes like miss.roxy 
@NatalieTM Good question. Or it was a joke. Maybe both. 
Good night Twitter family..Early bird catches the worm!! 
@ChinaPaul You may transfer Lines 2, 3 and 4. Good morning. 
@overloved Sorry I couldn't wait for you on msn. :/ Good night and have sweet fun dreams with Jay! Nickisses from Brazil! 
@Marcus_Volturi I should resent that, but you are freakishly tall, so all is fair.  Good evening.
Waking up early for start of summer term.    Good Night.
Good night everyone...it was a great day for me and I hope it was for you as well! Sweet dreams 
haha, oh snap! I need to get ready for bed. XP Have a long day tomorrow. Good night everyone. 
Good night everyone on Twiiterville! Sweet dreams of sleeping on fluffy pink clouds.    (I just LOVE the color pink lol)
Home from Traverse. Good to see old faces today 
watching Bones with hubby - nice slow and lazy day.  Good after all the Swanee busyness 
@jeweloflight LOL, It means; rice and beans, fired chops and deep fired plantains... a traditional puertorican dish. Good Nite! 
Good luck to the SIFE Mount Royal Team at the Nationals in Toronto! Bring it back home team! 
That's all for tonight. See ya in the AM. Good night. 
Good night for now. Keep sending your requests to truecarvalue@gmail.com I'll post your value range ASAP! I promise. 
J.Ho is *out*.  Catch ya on the flip! Good night! 
@CandyGirl24 Thank You ...I Hope Today Is Good 
just got his wife a really nice massage today @ massage-in-vancouver.com . Excellent mother's day present! 
http://twitpic.com/4iuv2 - Gone Green! Won't you join me? Good night 
@zacseif For stating bands I love in your tweets, and making music that is grand, I'mma follow you. Good times. 
@thebraysmommy Good Night K! 
@meghannian  Sorry yes I was a little frustrated for being blocked  oh well tomorrow will be a better day  Good night
@donnieklang Thanks for entertaining me tonight.  Good Night. lol
@bentonpaul How about my wish? I want you to wish me Good Luck with my finals.. I'm gonna need it 
She walked in and made me smile... Talked a bit then stayed for a while... Good song. 
@joepatrick116 Good  to know Matt and I are in agreement. 
@OriconAilin Us? Weird? Naaaaaah... Good night and sleep well!  *hugs back*
about to lay down, i am tired!!! looking foward to next weekend ALREADY! lol Good night twitters 
@lilyofoz Hi Lily Of Oz.  Good to see you! 
went the city with the fam! Karaoke was SOOOOOOOOOOO much fun! Then went food shopping. Good times, good times 
Good night eberyone!!! Had an OK night , tonight to allll 
Downtown @ warehouse district with my girl having some drinks. Good times 
@jrphotographybc - Good luck, John! 
@AiWoShinjite MMHMM! A rusty knife will do, too. Give them a nice cut and some tetanus.  Good luck on your exam! YOU'RE FINALLY FREE.
Well, the weekend ended, Good luck to everyone!!! the beginning of this week!!  nite!!!!!
Good morning ! School for 2hs! and the competition's results are going to be posted today xD.Wish me luck 
Ready to wind down after a very nice, yet tiring weekend   Good night all!
@MargalitWard Hey how are you? Good to see you  
Good night! Come, morning, hurry. 
Was cleaning up my room and found three cheques I forgot to deposit! Good thing it hasn't been six months yet. 
@iantalbot lol,  Good morning Ian. Yes the ladies have very good tast 
@khodgkin1 Oh! Good idea about putting them on ice cream 
@DavidArchie Good luck with your breakfast search. But here in the US, I have to go to bed. lol. Goodnight David. 
@HOTTVampChick Excellent, he will never know, lmao. 
@StDAY Dude, that is eerie. Good song though, and a good movie.  
@TweetNewz Good prices for bulk SMS and Premium SMS too  http://promotion.itagg.com
@chaddlesm Good Luck 
Morning all. First tea of the day, and just about to record the voiceover for a documentary about modern Druidry. Good times 
@calilewis Just saw you on TV for the Best Job in the World. Good luck. 
@RobTSmith Good morning to you as well Rob, have a great day 
@jamiewhincup Awesome effort this w/e,even if u didnt win.Good luck at Tassie 
@rosehwang Good Evening Rose .... 
@textualoffender Good Luck.. mine 3rd day today ! 
@vrikis Better than work, work, 10 minutes for lunch, work, work, work? Actually it might be. I don't work very hard 
@Oreosandcheese yvw hun  ... I agree boy touts!! Freakin hate them with a vengeance! Good luck in sellin,sure someone will def snap up!!
@player112345 Good Morrow! How are you this fair morn? 
@an_other Excellent analogy 
@emilyrobe Good to see you haven't lost your sense of humour.  Get well soon 
@ElonNarai Ugh, looks like you'll have some work to do . Good luck 
@ShropshirePixie I've got some of those I used to use on my OES.  Good for the wrist muscles though 
@James_yeah - I know the feeling... Good morning mate! 
@ChrisCuomo oh my! Nothing like a rabid racoon to get the adrenaline going in the morning. Better than a cup of coffee. 
@andyramdin Good to see you hear as well, Andy! 
Good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;D and school now... Hmm new shoes make it better  http://tinyurl.com/dfggwj
@dcmjlive none at the moment. i used to root for adam, but there are some issues with his &quot;Feeling Good&quot; version with Muse fans like moi 
WOOOOO!! Twitterberry is working again!! Good morning everyone 
Good night all  Even though it's morning for most of you lol
@_Flik_ Good one.   Might think about it for this year's NaNoWriMo competition.
@BrianNeudorff Good morning   Been here since 4am, just quiet.  How are you?
Good morning in Twitterville. Off to work I go...Chat @ all of u later 
@jrathburn Good mornin' Jason! Ready for a fresh new week as well!  
@pcornqueen Good morning and thank you for the re-tweet. Have a great day yourself. 
Good morning tweeps! I have a feeling I won't be oversleeping now that Gracie is around.  She pounced on my head and woke me up at 7am. 
@TerriCook Good Evening Terri! Have missed you lately, hope life is being good to you. Have a wonderful evening !  
Made my first Skype to landline call.  Good call quality, quite impressed 
Sitting at the Audi Joburg fashion week casting. So many lanky people in one place! Almost 100. Lol. Good luck to everyone  xx
Good morning Sunshine   Tiime for $chooooL ! lol . BBL`
Good afternoon all. Sorted technical glitch. A rainy BH monday so a lazy day, then daughters and their menfolk round for a roast dinner 
@Lena_DISTRACTIA Good morning. 
Good morning! Kid going back to school after 10 sick days. Looking forward to a productive week.  happy monday!
@Jonasbrothers Good afternoon Jonas Brothers  x
Good morning everyone!  Nice to see you today!  Hope you a wonderful and funny day! 
is now at school! About to take the ECAs, &quot;LAME!&quot; (Steal from Brennan) Good Job LC and you too Brennan! 
Sayin' good morning to everybody in the Office . . . Must say &quot;Good Morning to you&quot; too!    Greets from Charlotte, NC, USA.
@UncleRUSH Good morning to you. Hope you have a nice productive day 
Going lay down, I'll get up officially @ 1! Yes 1! lol Good(night) again! 
$RZ Hope so.  Time will tell.  Good luck   $$
Wow the  vicodin must have worked I over slept... Better get updating BJADAY.com or I will not have a job  
@pathea Good morning  Duh. Must get my brain in gear before tweeting 
Good day all. Let's see what we can get accomplished today together. 
@battle4acure Hey!    Good AM to you too!
Office til around 6 today. Good day yesterday...I have a BSc now 
@SFX_LADYJ Good morning 
Good morning new followers. Time for my face-sized coffee. Don't be a stranger 
@docbaty Good night.  Sorry I missed you during our morning window.  See you at 5, I suspect. 
@VickiElam Better then her getting mad and using the floor 
Good morning baby. Wake up 
@RyMartinez Good morning, baby  Yes, i slept like a rock. Refreshed &amp; ready for anything. How are you? *hugs you &amp; doesn't let go* Miss u
Man... I'm really hoping I finish this Good Vs. Evil contest entry in time. Looking pretty good so far. 
Good morning ! Wishing everyone a great week  
@hyperren Good Luck with your interview! 
@robluketic  Thank you so much. That was so nice of you and I was happy to hear you voice  You've really started something Good!! xo
Good mornin. Today will end early, woo. Gonna work on rick's surprise PROJECT DUE ON TUESDAY 
@KG4RDF Good luck on final!  
Whew.... finally home after putting in some hours in the lab. Watching Catch Me if You Can and eating cheese and grapes. Good night 
@emilmor it was fun  Ate at mas.Thanks!!  Good luck w/ ur showing tomorrow.
@jtimberlake Good luck tonight! Canadas east coast is watching 
@alaina_ Lmao I know!! They have two days off. Good thing for them 
@ThisIsRobThomas Good night, Rob. Sleep well. Safe travels tomorrow! 
@akoyamiazaki #steel toe boots - Good to hear that you're comfy. Hopefully they are Kodiak or Terra brand 
Just got a new Ipod.  Life's Good.
@cassowaryjewel Excellent point.  
@Postlemonkey Oh, awesome, I have Yahooo!  Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!
@Harley_Dude Very nice. Good night 
@vivid13 Good for you! I don't think I'll be joining later. I'm hyper as hell, though. WHEE! 
@astrokitty75 Thanks! I downloaded the trial version of Stuffit, and it worked. Good advice. 
Good B-movie... Starship Troopers is cool! Citizen 
My inner desire is to go to an isle in the middle of the Mediterranean to soak up the sun; Good night... as I dream that inner desire. 
OMG... Folding my laundry and matched ALL socks to its perfect pair!  Good laundry folding day it is 
Ima go to sleep long day ahead....And its all Benicks fault ,i so dislike him. &gt;=( Well Good Nite World! 
Good night peeps! Give to your mom's the greatest love you have   xxx
@eclip5e Good lord, man.   I recommend the Dark &amp; Stormy at Casablanca.
&quot;how do you like them apples&quot; is from the movie Rio Bravo. Good Will Hunting make a lot more sense now. 
@NoahBond Good Grief! I can't say much, I was driving home from Martin through IKE last fall. Be interesting to hear what he says!  
Good night everybody, i love u Phillip! XO 
Home. Tired. Phone then bed.   Good night tweeters, happy mothers day! 
making margaritas and about to watch Milk. Good times 
@jehan_ara Good to hear that  Allah aapko sehat de (Y)
@QueenofSpain Good night Erin!  i wouldn't say that this is early or that you are old. 
Such a fun night. I needed the break. PS- I love you man is effing hilarious! Good night twitter world. Sweet dreams 
@djMIA Good Luck!!!  keep rockin!
@BackpackingDad Whooo Baby! Good luck 
@joshcough Also it has a dense treatment of CPS and Continuation based Interpreter design, which is not there in SICP. Good to have both 
@citycynic Sounds good to me! No more cleaning cynics orders. Haha. Good night. Talk tomorrow. 
@Noa_Adamsky Good morning to you and thanks for following me! Cheers! 
@_Freya Good Night 
@SirReigns Good luck with the design....remember the little people   Heading to bed, goodnight!
I'm way to sleepy.. Ill watch my shows lata..Good nite twit-fam!.. God bless!..XoXo 
Wango tango!!! Good night all 
Signing off for the night. Watching &quot;The Reader&quot; and I'm sure I'll snooze off at some point. Good night all 
a slightly less disturbed night, after a while, which is a Good Thing. Looking forward to some quality time with my toadtastic boy 
@dhewlett Stress test: http://www.selfhelpmagazine.com/psychtoons/glasbergen/StressManagement/StressTest.gif  Good luck! 
Something strange in the air lately. Been setting everyone on edge. Going to do a good smudging of the house. Good to do those anyway 
Good  morning! Just went to bed it feels and already morning...goes fast! Now i am going to the gym soon. Have a nice day! 
Good morning. Just bought flowers for mothers day and now it's breakfast time 
Good morning to another too late sleeper @DesignsbyValeri.  One of my excellent designers is Valerie (see @BooneWallbeds) picture 
Good morning World   This will be another wonderfull day, starting with breakfst with champions...  my kids ofcourse
@tim_buckley Good morning from sunny London...sounds like an oxymoron but happens to be true of today  Hurrah!
@ZirconCode I like how the binary code under your name says ZirconCode as well. XD It's looking very nice. Better than before. 
is going to get her ass in gear, have some brekkie then make a start on the kitchen! woo! BBQ later too  Good times 
Kakabalik lang from Tarlac. Good aftie. 
Okay I'm about to &quot;crawl&quot; into bed and ummm ummm. We are about to talk. We need to talk about somethings, Good Night Tweeters. 
@LittlestarRed Good too thanks  So, you had a nice evening with your father? that's cool  Thanks for the link BTW!!
need to push diet to last level. Not too good last week lost 1 lb. . Better than a gain 
@Susie_Nutbar Good morning  how are you? #TwitterTakeover
Good night all... Just set this twitter thing up. I'm very new at this, but I expect it to come in handy. 
Good morning Tweeple of the sun! What you all up to? 
Good morning! Driving to work 
Good mornin' everyone . Beautiful sunday for all the beautiful moms of ours. Had my breakfast with the lady ....   Lets move on . 
Sooo tired and have a headache-all self inflicted of course! Good times though 
@Vitriol_: &quot;@lordmitchnz  Good evening, kind sir *bows*&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~5z7zv
Good birding trip within 7 days with 5 Pitta and Bornean Bristlehead 
@Maggiemelba Good morning hun! I will, promise  Glad you like 'em. Have a lovely day :o)
@JohnBirmingham Yay, so the nekkid writing is working then?You keep warm now! Am in awe of the 6k - am always cactus by 5. Good luck 
@Joorrie Never heard Miley's version though  I love Everlife's Good bye!  me heart everlife
Abseil has been done! Was wiked fun. Good buzz. Est did it too and I know it wasn't easy for her 
Ok, so @hayleyorrx is just up, and didn't get a 'peircing' in her sleep last night. Good news! 
@moose73 Goody, can't wait. Good night tweet ya soon 
@nuloudotcom Awww thanks! When me &amp; @TracyNova are together, we ALWAYS have FUN! LOL Good seeing you @ the bbq oday!  G;night!
@Boddingtons A bit hungover... ;) How are you? Good day out with Mum, or is it today?  x
@dougpete LOL I normally do try to avoid any Crunchy Things in the Kid Made Breakfast, todays was Pretty Good 
@michaelsheen cant wait to see the pics and the movie of course  Good Luck with the rest of shooting!
@Jayme1988 Good morning sweet pea!  
@isla_fisher Good night! Have a good dream!! 
@glodowg Good to hear.  I'm running a little behind this morning... and I still have to pick up one thing for the kids' craft at WM!  
@lramnac You did very well. Sore legs tomorrow. Good to see that you tried out ping.fm 
@Mr_Dreadful Good Luck Doug-san. 
Good Night  getting the shakes a bit though
&quot;Goood mornin mommy&quot;  &quot;Good mornin babies  It's mommy day today.&quot; &quot;YAY!! Let's call grandma!!!&quot; The cats love me.
@leonkay Good luck for tomorrow Leon..hope it all goes well! Enjoy!! 
Good morning. Happy mothers day! I love being a mommy 
Good mood! Let's just say that this weekend has been awesome! MJ-SPF for example. Just what I needed 
Good morning! What a blessing to be able to go to church! Presenting the India slideshow today 
@willtompsett once shes had a play on it she'll understand, in the mean time Good Luck 
And before I log off for the day: Kudos to Fisichella on his P10 finish. Good race at least for him 
Today did Power Yoga at 7am at the sky bar. Good start for a sunday 
Good morning! Spending the day with the greatest Mama!  Breakfast then tennis.
Good morning ICT! Happy Mother's Day shout out. Sorry we got such crappy weather for it. Think sunny Bahamas ALL day today. Kthx. 
@jmbuckingham Good morning, Jeanne, and happy mother's day! 
Good morning and Happy mothers day ! i love my madder.  lol
Good morning! Happy mothers day to all the moms out there. All the soon to be moms too. 
@Aronado Good Morning and Thanks for the Mom's  Day Wishes  Hope Things are going Good for you my Friend 
@rdelizo35 Nahhh, I think the Mountain Dew wore off.... Good morning to you, too!!! 
get ready for tomorrow : mid report, indonesian presentation, what next ? Good Night everyone 
Good filmm...when she was singing &quot;The Climb&quot; we waved along to the songg 
Looking at some cute little bags  Wishing i had money. Good times.
@jedisista Good morning Amy 
Just got home from my aunt's house. Watch the final season of Amazing Race and it was a good show. Good to see the fam again 
@Cazling Good job, Caz. Sounds like you had fun. 
@cheesivore Yeah, it doesn't all have to be aural. Good to mix things up with short written pieces and pictures, etc. too. 
Quite tired. Good day overall. Bike ride w/ @allie_moloney didn't happen due to yoga complications. James Bond, mud pie happened though. 
@TbotTV Hi there, found you through a great twitter-gal, @JanSimpson. Good to &quot;tweet&quot; you. 
Good Knight, Happy @JonathanRKnight dreams!! 
I was pleasantly surprised by 17 Again, I got a sweet new pair of skate shoes, and is now talking to the prettiest girl EVER!!!!  Good Day
@bryanmcgee. You're welcome! Good thing I know my boundaries huh?  Hey, you asked for it with giving out whoopy cushions in church
is excited for this week's Wish List Wednesdays! Good night tweets 
Irma  come back!!lol .. Good luck on your date!!! 
@temptingmama (oops) g...lass of wine.  Good luck tomorrow.  Will be thinking of you (I owe you an email-  I'm catching up 
Wow.... The Celetics Won!  Good Game Guys Shout out to Glen Davis wit that last shot 
Here's an interesting article: How to Write Good Tweets and Be a Good Twittizen. Read on, tweethears!  http://digg.com/u12L0l
@Care4Horsescom Good stuff! We're getting the old Yamaha xj650 working soon- hope you have fun 
@jabba5 Good. It would've been reallllly inconvenient if we'd both wanted to come back as the same middleaged British actress. Awk-ward. 
@MSKOKOCHANEL Luv u too gurl, u will always have my support...Good luck on tomorrow 
@iphoneincanada I don't know if I can thank you enough   Excellent!
Goodnight Good Peoples, I put up a great fight but, sandman is kicking my behind LOL Zzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Okay, folks, it's time for me to go to bed.  Good night.  It's been great to be back.  
@jordanknight Hey baby...thanks for all you guys do for us - you go above and beyond. Love you! Good Knight! 
Good good KT. I'm excited. 
@Kalitastic Good Charlotte has its moments. Miley is always, always unacceptable. Unless it's late at night and no one is around 
@JonathanRKnight That's gotta mean something, right?  Good Knight!
@Christian_bale_ One more thing... will watching Reign of Fire help you fall asleep? Maybe, with some good tea and a pillow? Good night! 
chick flicks are over... now I don't know what to do... Probably going to lay around and watch scary movies with Mr. Conceited  Good night
Good morning! I'm still in bed, but have to get up and feed the baby some porridge soon. Yummy 
Good morning twitterland! First thing that greets me is a scary call to participate in HTML5WG. Not personally, but in general. 
Excellent game we took another  loving this
For real now ... xoxoxox all ... Good Knight!  BTW: I love this Joey song. 
Good for you. I stopped at 5'5&quot; years ago! @ddlovato I GREW!!!! I'M 5'5&quot; NOW!!! 
I am off to bed.  Plan on waking up early to workout! Good night everyone! Sweet dreams. 
Good friends are there when you need them- and I'm grateful to those people who Show Their Goodness &amp; Friendship day in and day out!  
Good morning twitterland!  Have a nice day everyone!
Twas a rather decent day. Good night 
@BiblioBrat You heard that? Good ears. 
Good mood.  Bad Mood.  Ugly.  Pretty.  Handsome.  The right person is still going to think the sun shines out of your ass 
Good luck Today with RE everyone 
@RobKardashian good luck! i will be up for the third night in a row all night long writing my 5th and final paper for finals! Good Luck! 
@Storm_Crow Truth will out. Better to know who your friends really are  *hugs*
Yamee GIVEAWAY: send us your story on Twitter or email sales@yameeorganicbaby.com.au Good Luck to all  !!
My 15 yr old sis has a gf. Good for her. Plus, she can't get pregnant that way 
@aef6259 Yes! I thought the voice turned out perfectly! Good job Adam! Thanks again so much 
@aprilleb hello! Sure I had a great morning. Thank youuuu. Good night, sleep tight, and have a nice dream 
Good night everyone! Good day = good night sleep! Work, Curves, all was well today! 
Good Night Twitter People!! 
wow time flies by so fast on twitter...Good Night Everyone!  
Good morning all! Have a wonderful day!! I'll be spending all day inside...but all in the name of justice! 
one more week then It is Good-Bye Ohio! Excited and sad at the same time 
@Silver_Craig @meghanwood @aileen2u2 @Djalfy @tweenkle77 okay folks, time for me to get some shut eye. Good night 
Good Morin' to you all... !!   a nice sunny day today    Xxx
@MrBabyMan  Good Luck MBM. May the force be with you 
Good Night my tweet tweeters.. Again &quot;two thumbs up&quot; for my Kris! 
Good AM/PM, Twitterverse! How are you all doing? I somehow survived yesterday's bout w/ heart palpitations. Thanks 4 praying. 
@cocotteloup Good afternoon! I'll give that remedy a try!  Also, I like that &quot;tweet-up in Atlanta&quot; plan!
Melo was killing it but brought it back 1 too many times imo. Good night 
is heading to bed, so i can be well rested for the Good Times to come Tmr Night! 
Finished my show. Heading home to sleep, only to get up and teach all day tomorrow. Good thing I love what I do!!!  
@Loviin_lyfe well, I think I'm going to focus on school and career and invest in a good good DEVICE lol.... (TMI?)  if so... Good !
Good night my lovely's... I love you all... Smooches!!!!! 
Good morning!!  The girls &amp; I have enjoyed watching our baby bunnies play Tag in their run!  - So adorable, so comical, so fast!!  
@Tenchizard OMG Thank you!!! Good song too. Works perfectly. 
Good morning. Away to Glasgow again later. I must like the place or something 
@ZaphodCamden Hey matey! Good to see you 
Good night, galaxy. A busy day awaits me tomorrow. Tomorrow's schedule: Work, School, Church, Girlfriend's,&amp; if possible, Twitter! 
meeting/talking to some potential web-designers  Excellent progress 
@nick_carter Good night Nick 
Cute guy who gets my train asked me for my number, then we chatted as we walked to work. Good start to the day 
@davidghc Good stuff! Keep it going! 
on my way home from a fun night.. last show with Mike was fun.  also enjoyed catching up with a couple people. Good night.
Hi! Good morning! 
@Sue_fun Good luck!!  x
@marcthom Good! Do you like my scarf? 
Good morning   Finally my 1st status after many phone-calls &amp; emails. Too busy to tweet - it really shouldn't be like that ;)  Discipline!
@gypsyraven ...and of course... YOU are the one to take him to non-chick flicks... haha! Excellent! 
@RealAdamLambert Good Luck in the finals 
@Dannymcfly Good morning, Danny. Just wanted to write to say I love you and I appreciate you, and I think you're amazing.  x
@rehna_tu Good! Glad you came back! 
@DrRus Oh wow, really nice!!   Good luck
@jeffpulver Good morning Jeff! 
@Real_DavidCook I've heard you will be a guest in Eat Bulaga tomorrow! Good luck to your performance! Hope you like the Philippines.  
Having the last of @crazy1man homebrews. Better than you'd expect actually 
@YumiAtAnimax Good luck with your exams yumi-chan . You have my 100% support XD Go,go,go!!! FIGHTO!!! 
Good morning Sunshine. The Earth says hello! 
@britttnicole Good morning  Have a nice day 
Good morning  Tea is steeping &amp; I think I am still sleeping!  #flylady
@poots Excellent news! 
Good morning! Hey guess what? It's raining outside 
Good Another Beautiful Day, Pocket Full of Sunshine   http://blip.fm/~6937e
@merttol Good morning to you too  It's past noon here  in Turkey though  looking forward to your interesting tweets 
@TomFelton Good luck today, I'll be thinking of you.  Sending good thoughts your way. 
Good morning everyone!! DC isn't all that sunny today, but it's still a good day! Don't let precipitation get you down!  
Good Luck with your Exams  xx
@TomFelton Everybody needs a teddy!  Good luck today!
@Djalfy Good Evening  Not too bad, how about you - recovered from the evil that has been twitter?
Sun pushing through the clouds and dimness; let the Light within us shine too and make this world a brighter place! Good morning, all. 
@aquamage Profile hopping. Wow, a close up!  Good job. Swerte ka. LOL
@zoebakes Good morning!  Everything you make sounds so fabulous and looks SO great on your website http://www.zoebakes.com --Henri's cake!
@eddieizzard Well... for those of us in the States, it is morning.  Good Afternoon to you!
@anneloup Good morning to you. Hope you have a &quot;Pretty Good&quot; day.  Talk soon.
@ocicat_bengals Good idea - I'm arranging more signings right now.  I can certainly ask if Dundee would be interested 
@ElkaBr Good morning  How late is it over there? Glad to have you here in twitter too
Good morning tweeps!  Fun night at the carnival last night.  Still sleepy but ready to start this wonderful day 
@lindseydevoil Cake Good 
Morning everyone...   Rainning ! YUCK! :p  big day for Matti (daughter) play is at 2 ....... Good luck baby girl!!!
@DarkPiano Ah there you are Loren! Now I can start my day! Good morning to you!! 
Good morning  on my way to college! Obviously late :s
Good mornin'! The scripture for today is Psalms 27 
@martharotter Excellent idea to have a dedicated #bringsabrinaback ... wonder can we get it to trend 
Good morning everyone, how is everyone today? Have a Blessed day! 
@mbranesf thank you, Chris!    Good start to my day.
I just got done uploading over 230 pictures of breakdancing into my ZUNE120! Graffiti shots are next, and then DJ'ing  Good morning!
@ClevelandGolf Good luck finding Stewart, and tell him Hi if you do 
@kateblogs  re:Good afternoon  What's #CappacinoCafe? Use #CappacinoCafe and @ reply people and tell them where your having your coffee!
Good morning TX!!! Lol 
@gniliep really good to have met you, felt young for a while.   Good Luck tomorrow
Good morning everyone!  School is almost over!  Ready for summer 
@pfischer With a number 6, I'm going to have to change my vote to 6. Best of both  Good job.
@alex Congrats on the launch - please let me know if I can help at all. Good to see you got some TC coverage 
@JGDemas Hey you!!  Good morning!! 
Good morning! Graduation day 
@AnoopDoggDesai Good to have a glimpse of you on Idol tonight  You look great!
http://twitpic.com/55hmy - This became crazy XD Excellent ! 
Thanx Rev: Good morning. Why give into rudeness when you can fight back with kindness..  (need ths,this morning)
Good morning  I love waking up next to an amazing man &amp; the 3 most beautiful kids on Earth!
@CeeBee619 Good AM woman 
@illiomellio Damn that looks Good! 
&quot;Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.&quot; Chuck Palahniuk. Good morning. 
@lartist Good to see a rescue cat getting a new home  We have a half Bengal with a similar look http://bit.ly/FdRPC
Good afternoon tweeps! A warm Miami greeting to you all. Enjoying this vacay until it ends 
@mindtechnica you think so? you mean, people will start proofing their posts? Excellent! 
Good night. Exactly midnight. 
@polarna10 Well, it's one of those knitting milestones. Good luck, I look forward to seeing it when you're done 
@special_effex Sure!  I have Japanese from noon till around 5 pm CET, but after that I'm all yours. Good reason to re-watch tonight, ha!
Watching @iamdiddy in Raisin in the Sun. Good job 
Good Night world   *or is it morning LOL*
@CHCatMom Good night, Linda!  See you tomorrow, Lord willing.
Supper with old youth pastors. Good weekend. 
#3hotwords for now: I AM SLEEPY. Good night, people. 
@oohamanda oh...u inspired me. I am now following kris allen and danny gokey. R they considered celebrities yet?  not like NKOTB. Good ...
@YankeeGirl20 Good Idea.  I won't again.  I couldn't help it - I'm a QA analyst in real life - its in my nature to test.  
Just back from Groesbeek: happy hardcore feelings  Good crowd!
@LiveManaLove Read the book. It's really. Good. I think the ending could have been teased up a little- but it leaves you with peace. 
Excellent advice from @RevRunWisdom today. 
@phillymac Few blocks from where I'm right now... Here in Brookline... Good public schools for our cute little girl 
Good day.  Scattered showers while we were home, sunshine while we were out visiting.  
Saw angels and demons today. Now watching bolt with my parents. Good day 
@TamaraSchilling Thanks! It is great meeting such wonderful people like yourself. Have fun tomorrow! Good Night 
@nkotb Good Night my sweets...hope U R all having a fabulous time...can't wait to see MORE pics AND videos..  XOXOXOXOXO &lt;3
@kg86 Enjoying wynad? Good, good. 
Good night everyone!  Must get some sleep!  Little one likes to get up extra early   Have a great rest of your night!  
Good night Christoph 
sooo sleepyy ! but Tonight was a Good night w/ the Bestiess  even got a Christmas giftt Lol
@DrAnthony Good Night 
Good night to all my followers and soon-to-bes. Till manana. 
Back from my fam party! Congrats Kerry! She's graduating tomorrow! Good Luck!!! 
My Day Ended Pretty Good 
...That's it, I'm done for Today.  I'm thankful for having all you people in my life  have a Good Night...
@DHughesy Good on the Blues... 
@whybluematters right on! Thank you! Good looking out! 
@JennaMadison Too true, one doesn't get a power blush all that often pmsl. Good work 
@MizSocialite Good Question.. I'll Answer it on Monday 
@ArnaudJacobs No probs. Good luck with it. Persist, it does take a bit of getting your head around 
@thisisKristine Omg. Good Luck. 
@HillaO Good morning Hilla! Just startet off with my morning coffee and sun is shining! Start slowly and don't work too hard totay 
Good afternoon!! Did a movie watchathon yesterday  ! 'Requiem for a dream' ,  'The pursuit of happiness' &amp; 'The road trip'.  #fb
Was just watching some YouTube vids of GreenDay...!!!  Good times,good memories,good music!!! 
@Jonasbrothers Hey guys! I can't believe that you are coming to Peru.. Good look during your trip. I'm waiting here 
In bed... Watching &quot;Good Times&quot; til i fall asleep. Hopefully i'll get at least a good 8hrs of rest. Nighty nite Twits and God Bless! 
@xoxoxoJennxoxox Good night Jenn!  have sweet jb dreams hehe
Good morning all come on Chelsea today 
Good morning (day  friendly humans of the third planet from our closest star! ;-) Last night was amazing!!! Thank you!!! ;-)
@frandrescher Good Luck !!     and enjoy Austria...
@Rosie61 Good luck with that!  x
@Phil77 have a great time. Good bash last night 
@alittlebit Hehe. Good good  Hope he had a lovely time too! Zimbra is the email/collaboration server we use at work
Hola! Good Aftee..  Who's on? http://plurk.com/p/uax6j
@Lady_Twitster Good morning!!! 
Good morning, Sunday  Having fruit salad for breakfast  Yummy
@drbaka http://twitpic.com/1c7xy - Excellent camera... to catch them moving at &quot;high velocity!&quot; 
@ceibner Good thing you're not in the cockpit.  Safe flight
Finally getting in bed. I had one of the longest livejournal posts in a while. Good night  Man oh man, I've got some good luck. happy! 
@Eliza_bookworm Good  i sometimes fell i take it too far and would end up offending some girls but your used to my perversion, how cool 
@linnetwoods Good afternoon!  (only 6:10am here!). Your slice of the world sounds beautiful!! 
I &lt;3 rain on Sundays.    Good job too considering the fact it's torrential out there.  ...Oh, hello revision.  :|
Sun is rising, still awake. Good times with good friends 
@limeliteshines Better than loud screaming murder, right? Besides, you're almost outta there. 
Good morning all! Spent yesterday off the grid, with Laura and finished up a  lot of wedding stuff 
Just woke up. Have to pack equipment into my car then go for a 2-hour band practice. Good times! 
@Jemillahayne Good Luck On Your Exams 
Good night all. Enjoy Eurovision... I won't ruin the result for you! 
Thank Miquel!    Good morning Cuz! @LezMirandaPOW
Good morning Twitter World 
@arleigh Haha. Good idea. Get you in the &quot;mood&quot; 
Good morning Linux users!! 
@Bball4life Good morning 
Had a good night last night, watched 'The Decent' - Good film. Today going to have a shower, pluck my eyebrows and do some designs 
http://twitpic.com/5cxhv - Good morning Tweeps!    Downright chilly here plus raining this AM  :O
@brabul Good morning, sweetie. Have a nice day 
@jonathandavies Aha.. good  I hope I could do this with my dad.... Good luck !
@samluminate Good Morrning  Wish Brandi a safe flight  Have a good day 
making breakfast - cinnamon rolls from The Best Light Recipe.  Mmmmm Good! 
Good morning, Have a Blessed Day  
@DawgOnU Good morning drunk a*s   How are you?  Did you have a good evening?
@swag_so_sick Good morning Swagger man.  watchu doin? y u up so early? lol
@wendilynnmakeup Good morning! And lovely Gandhi quote 
BLSAT: &quot;Wait for You&quot; by Elliot Yamin.  This is this guy's 2nd nomination on the list!! Woo-hoo, go him! LoL.   Good song.
Good morning to all the tweeps in tworld! Malibu Strings bikini fashion show at wet Republic today!! I'm so hungry 
@Mommykins41 LOL! Better late then never!  So... see you on here later tonight for drunken tweets with @Amazing_Grace13! 
@mediagrowthinc first time seller you also. Better description and layout then me  I'm sorry it's not a product for me
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to my newest followers!  It's chilly here, and I'm dealing with a sinus headache. Yuck!
@lynnesse Good actually! Tired and achy, but good! 
Used car search...man do cars depreciate surprisingly fast!! Help? Acura 2008 TSX 24,999? Good deal? 16K nav system and all 
@banolka Excellent,one day i might have a pair,that would be so cool 
@Dwarfette Good afternoon Chantal  Great news on the doves. TWO babies! Awesome! Glad to hear from you 
@vinayabn: Hmm, a long reply on the cards. Good, good 
Good morning!  the sun is out and its goin to be a glorious day in the Pacific Northwest! 
@madsencycles Ha! Good point. First ride on MY Madsen? 
says Good Nayt plurk. Aga pa tom.  http://plurk.com/p/uegvu
 Paranoid LOOOOOOOOOVe that song @jonasbrothers Good job! AMAZING!! http://bit.ly/Qqaqp
@BrodyJenner yo!  Good morning! They'll kick ass... Go lakers! Haha
@Courtney9392 Good Point!!  I want to do something fun though, I hope it wont be too cold.
listening to @taylorswift13 Fearless Album while watching my brother's game. Good combo 
My Digital Harinezumi sample montage is up! Check it out  http://www.vimeo.com/4691982 Good night from the QC!
Good for you! Bask in the after-graduation glow. 
@Caroline_S Good for you  And I will become a millionaire within the next week. Oh... is that not how it works?
http://twitpic.com/5dftr - Breakfast with little Vaughn on front. Good weekend. Even with a lotta rain 
it has been a great week, but just 5 more hours with family then heading back to WNY. Good thing I'm back in 2 weeks... 
@glaforge been there done that. JavaOne, 500 of them! Good luck! 
Good church.... Good lunch... Great to spend some time with Sara and Justin  Parents get home today!
Just had breakfast with my brother, cousin, &amp; grandpa  Mm. Good morning.
@fra66le ooh Wizard of Oz! Not seen that for donkeys!! Good horror film  Its posh cheese on toast made with Chleb Polki bread. mmmm
Just watched the first 25 Episodes of Bleach. I don't know why I decided to watch but I'm happy I did! Good show 
@thisisroger CONGRATS! Terrific performance. Such a joy to be your fan. 
@bassyc Good Night dude. I'll catch with ya tomorrow.. Got a lot to bitch about my college 
Had a great weekend with @danhowarth, in the wilds of Northumberland. Good to be back in civilization now though! Start new job tomorrow 
@Branduno It was Osiris.  I watched this several times as a kid. Good stuff. http://tinyurl.com/r45x3y
@JamesMW78 Good job on the Sunday roast mista.  Good going... Enjoy your breast 
@JackInChicago I hope you'll have success w/that soon, Jack... Good, glad to hear everything else is &quot;peachy&quot;! Can hardly beat &quot;peachy&quot;! 
Nice. Good job Mike.  http://short.to/a121
Good morning! Doing a high fashion photo shoot today! 
@VickiElam  Good. It's kinda cool here. Wanna go for a walk. Just realized I don't have the keys. Duh!
A classic sunday... Good preaching...Then fried chicken! Life is good! 
@SilknPearls  Better now?
Gyu- kaku plus pedicure with mom. Good way to de-stress 
@gustaf09 Good Lord I hope not. I'm talking about that fine ale called Samuel Adams 
@nanoraptor Good on you! Keep going! 
@Unusual_Peanut @spikemaniac Good point. Then I will kill @innuendogirl so I can have @jessstroup and @jesslowndes all to myself. 
Good nap this afternoon after the 60 mile ride. Tired legs 
Good night my tweeps. Mary Poppins is going to sing me to bed... I just love that movie &lt;3 
@Keltin Good stuff. Like I remember it from the good old days of riding grandpa's fridge for a can 
@IdolFanatic Good I'm glad lol.... Ya isn't it cute its a little chibi Adam 
@kookychick Good research on the Webnotebooks. Now we know to look for the 90 gsm version to get the better paper.  #fountainpens #paper
@Jabinya Good night! Your GaGa painting was totally awesome to watch btw.  Thanks for sharing 
Good-night twitters. have fun tweeting while i'm having a REAL great sleep. 
Monday tomorrow, which means school. So I've got to get off, if I don't want to be late. Good night, America! Good morning, London! 
Busy day. Getting tired. Good night U all. Sweet dreams. 
Good morning! And what a morning it is... My pictures are on the front page of both 20min. and News in Bern. 
Thinks its time for bed. Gotta be rested for tomorrows finals. Good luck to all my friends with finals! Hope ya'll do great 
Good morning and good week! Keep smiling... It is contagious! 
@ladyplatinum Good luck with the move! Never fun to pack, but unpacking and redecorating are pretty cool! Until about a week later. 
Best. Night. Evar. SO glad I don't have to work until 2:00 pm tomorrow &lt;33 Good night everyone 
@suckit_nerds Good Night 
@MGiraudOfficial Good night Matt! 
Good sunday... Aye baby quien te entiende... ekkk crazy earthquake!scary! Loving myself 
@anz_rocks Hey  lol Good morning!
Holy ice cream obsession tonight! Tonight much more fun  Good weekend and I still have another day! Love long weekends
On my way home from my cousins wedding she is waaaayyyy to young to get married.... 20 yrs old!!!! Good Luck Nat you'll need it 
@Mattdavelewis his sister-in-law is a teacher at her school. His niece and nephew go to our school.  Good old Baz!
@leeannl Good luck hunni  How are you? Long time no speak x
@squeakaz Good luck!  Have a quiet ine.
Good morning!  It may be raining (when is it not in Llanberis), but I'm still smiling 
Good day today. Saw stephen then went to big bear with zack. And then dinner with my booger 
Till we tweet again. Good night moon.  zzzzz
Good morning Hamburg! Wow, had a short night but met someone special!  #indigo Today rock the #designs and in the evening # greenpeace! 
@cocolee117 Try 2 have some propolis or ???. Both r good 2 throats n u'll feel better soon. Good luck on ur recording 
@IAmKat Ah yes! Of course! Excellent thought. 
Hope that One day i will ba at the Google Zeitgeist  Good morning
suddenly feel like watching Good Luck 
@mnrmg Oh purrleeez! you know this is a different kind of Ross song... dedicated to you! Good morning 
@JonathanRKnight Better start getting ready for the next one!!! 
I just realized that I'm a closet Good Charlotte fan. If somebody asks about it I'll denied it 
@IvyBean104 Good morning, Ivy. I hope you have a very enjoyable day today 
Tweeting from form again  Good Luck to everyone who has exams!!
@aliciamalone - Re: Parking - I know, isn't it great to walk everywhere?! Re: OHB - Good luck... not having a car helps with that too! 
Good night all; and have a fantastic week everyone! Ciao. 
@laura754 Hi!  I was in Wellington (back now).Good idea, should probably start mine- A:Short updates are easier then long blogs. Everyday
@mafraederscheid http://twitpic.com/5d3u6 - Excellent as usual 
@ClaireBoyles You are always saying good morning when I'm about to say Good night.  Something very Beatles about that 
Good morning. It feels good to have no school today  but still have to learn a lot for school though. Math exam TOMORROW! Scared.
@ddlovato Good morning Nighthawk 
@JoanDeLaHaye Hold thumbs? Is that like a &quot;fingers crossed&quot; thing? Never heard that phrase before. Good luck. 
Good morning everybody. Motivated for new adventures? 
@choc_milk @CateP36 @Akelaa @FoolishLamb1502 Okay folks, I think I shall try my hand at sleep again! Good night 
@MelvinNeo lolz i meant #LED big biz  can low profile also haha. Good motto! i agree tt highest form of biz is low profile high profit.
@FoolishLamb1502 Just heading back to sleep. I really need to get more than 3 1/2 hours lol  Good night 
@REMEMBERMENINAB I need &quot;Hands High&quot; for my mp3 for my workout.physical therapy! Good job! I'm old so I'm a little behind. 
All quite here so far today - Good sign, everything must be working fine  Dont you love support contracts ! !
@semi_mental Lmao! Good point, Elly... good point! 
@Garythetwit Good idea!  I just printed.xD So busy... *lol*
@chibialfa - Pasti  Not sure if I should say 'good luck' to you because surely you'll be awesome but... Good luck  Break some legs 
@Rove1974 http://bit.ly/bEdzG - is that your official charity? Or one that you support? Good work either way 
@LittleFletcher Good luck Carrie, I'm sure you'll do fine 
Celebrated our son's 11th birthday today with family and friends. Good Hawaiian food and company 
@KimSherrell Good night! Soft dreams.  Megaptera_novaeangliae on twitter?  
@LittleFletcher :O I have no idea :| don't you have to get rid of letters!? i have been on bbc bitesize all morning, haha! Good Luck!  xo
@paskalamonik Talk to Nicloas (esp. when he's drunk) and he'll explain some of those theories to you. Good luck understanding it though 
@rtd13 Better than good. You're awesome! 
Flying now. Good morning. Ciao! 
@RyanSeacrest Hey Ryan, (I Make) Good Girls Go Bad is amazing!! don't you think? 
@Sushilkrishnan Good one! I wish I could &quot;Recommend&quot; that or something. 
@BrodyJenner   I know it sucks,  but at least you still have the Lakers   Good Luck with them
Good morning  just getting out of bed haha! Breakfast now. Peace
Good morning  Work till 3:30 (as always) And just so you all know &quot;My life would suck without you&quot; Remember that!
@alvinlow Yeah, sometimes people just need an outlet for expression. Way to go, Bro! Good job! 
@NON53N53 Good morning to you  Yes am trying to get myself together &amp; hopefully lift my spirits with some nice tunes xx
GD night!! Crappy day.... Good Night!! 
@LolaLollipop Is this his 45 minute exam? I'm sure there will be no problem  Good luck @SirJolt, we all have confidence and whatnot.
@seiyaharris Excellent!  I shall try to be at the O2 around one, cool?
@AnDi86 Good Luck! 
waiting for Good Game at 8.30  yaaaay bajo &lt;3
works. Well, yes, I'm bored. Good morning to all of you 
@traceylien Really dig your work on Good Game. Genuinely interesting segments. Keep it up! 
Good morning......damn it's COLD cum over and let me warm you up 
@iamsuperbianca hi ms. bianca! I'm a faithful-regular reader of your blog. Glad to see your update  Good evening from Pangasinan 
@TomFelton Good morning, sir! How are you? Yeah, minds tend to do that. Sort of sucks... *frowns* Ah well. Hopefully it will fix itself. 
@ShashiTharoor  @ replies on twitter would do to ppl who wished you here  | Good luck Dr.Tharoor.
@annabel_x Good Luck 
another interview tomorrow! Good thing it's in Makati only 
@celebritymound Good morning sunshine! My alarm clock..lol. Time for bed! 
hey tweeples...off for some retail therapy today  Good Times xXx
Good morning twitter birds   School ....... Today ughhh !  Who wanna get fucked up ?  I do , I do )  So , complicated dude
@sinfulsignorita Good After noon sweet heart  though i missed wishing to good morning 
Just woke up. Really tired. Good morning 
@skwigg Good morning! I was wondering if you could suggest a new healthy cookbook I could buy. Needing new recipes desperately!! 
@danstanbridge  Good work boy. Keep it pinned and no more hugging trees too. 
Aah~ that feels good! Anyway, I had another great sleep quality last nite, YAY! xD Good things are coming my way   
@katyjreid Good night.  Nice to see a photo of you now 
Good morning everyone! Have an awesome day! 
about to watch this weeks ep of Good Game! 
Good morning Tweeple. Looking forward to another wonder-filled day 
@5w Good qn. Have been tied up with subernova.com and work but will be updating soon. 
@carli_chick Excellent thanks i never knew he was on twitter 
Good morning everyone. Late start because this cold weather wasn't doing it 4 me but the good lord got me up and started me on my way. 
@sarahstanley Good morning, Sarah!  I'm swamped today but perhaps tomorrow we could find 5 minutes to connect?  
@MandyPandy32 Good idea  Think I'll just pour it into a glass and get sozzled!
Good morning! Raining and cooler but always a beautiful day! Well, off to work. Smiles and hugs! 
I watched Ashton in What Happened in Vegas (something like that?) on Sat night... he's a hoot! Such a cutie  Good flick @aplusk
Good morning to Everyone ~ I hope that you all have a great day! 
@Lifelists Poor you. I had root canal twice last month. Was much less uncomfortable than I thought it would be. Good luck.  
Good MORNING early birds! who's tweeting? 
Hello Monty. Good to see you. 
@karawynn I would suggest something new. Break free of the old  Good luck!
@togetherwf Good morning, Susan! 
@JonathanRKnight Good morning Jonathan, I hope had awesome time on the ship, wish I could have been there, but that's ok, see u this FST! 
@bemaia Good night  It's a sunny spring afternoon here in France.
@heidimontag Good morning  have a Awesome day 
Good night all - or in the case of those not in the Southern Hemisphere - have a great day. 
is signing out.. Meeting a friend to help her with her wedding plans...  Good night guys! http://plurk.com/p/ujpf5
@yangwong Excellent. 
@JobRich LOL - you started it ;) Good to meet you BTW 
@elinafuturist Good luck to new challenges after Nokia or are they old one for you as I guess you've been a consultant before? 
Good morning!! Going to eat breakfast, then pack up my car again...and then heading home..the sun is shining, today 
Out for breakfast. Good start to Victoria day. 
Good week last week, got plenty of work done and achieved some new goals. Business Development was great 
@MAKAEL86 Good mornin' Makael.  Have a FAB day. 
@AndrewGirdwood Go Girdy!!   Good luck m8y
@vmlemon Excellent. 
@twitbird2 Good prices for bulk SMS and Premium SMS too  http://promotion.itagg.com
@msamayoa Good stuff! Will look out for you there 
Good morning twitterfam! Glad to see you guys weathered the quake! 
Good morning Twitterville! I hope everyone enjoyed their weekend 
Good morning Twitterville. Today is my hubby's birthday.  While he's sleeping in - I'm enjoying my coffee. How are YOU today?
@coldplay Good morning Guy  Wish you all a great day
Good morning tweeps!  On our way to a character breakfast! Whee!
@stargardener Good morning!! I'm doing well. Waking up slowly - enjoying my coffee.  Oh, think I found me a new FRIEND! ;)
@tampasmile @linrose Good morning. I see that you are unlocked again Linda. 
Well Good morning twitterers! Just got up and am about to do 2 miles before I go to work. May Jehovah guide your day and I'll talk later! 
Good Evening twitterverse.  Been busy watching movies. :&gt; What's up?
@JIM287 Good morning!!!!!! 
The Toothfairy didn't forget to come last night like last time!  Good tooth fairy! 
Good am. Going to a HUGE meeting. Pray for me. This is a big one 
Good Morn Errrbody  Let's make today a productive day by getting goals accomplished. It can be minor to huge but let's do this yall!
@adambooker Good!!!  Have an amazing day friend!!!!!!!!!
Good morning tweethearts  I forgot to charge my phone this morning ...nice. Have a great day everybody!
@amandabynes And a Good Happy morning to you!!! 
Good morning! Late nite last nite. Up early and back in S. Jersey. Its good when the COO asks me if I'll be driving him regularly. 
@FrankMillar  Good morning! It looks like we are going to have  nice weather today! (Chicago) wish U an awesome day! 
@Gino_Jackman Good morning  so what kinda things did u model... can we see u n-e-where?
Good morning friends! Concentrate on what you want to accomplish TODAY. Don't look ahead to the rest of the week. Hugs &amp; handshakes 2 ya! 
Good morning! Don't forget to &quot;whip your breasts out&quot; (ouch?) when you breastfeed today! 
@inklesstales Good morning, dear. How are you? Shall we begin? 
Good morning twitter. Getting ready to leave for Florida  YAY, I needed this mini vacation!
Man oh man, it's a gorgeous morning!  Good  roller coaster weather...I really need 2  get 2 a large amusement park...SOON! 
Good morning Twitterverse! Is #musicmonday yaaay  I'm excited ! What do you have for me?!
@Marge_Inovera Good morning to you as well 
@Mrs_Picard Good luck!  Maybe it won't be as awful as the others? 
@PaulAppleyard you mean there's one where I don't look like a strangled cat?! Excellent! 
Good night Philippines! ) Gotta sleep! 'til next time guys! ) add me up in friendster! http://www.friendster.com/joehnex   thanks! 
@RyanMeray Looks like you got yourself a stalker. Good luck with that 
@BeccaHabegger Key advice for B2 - Always be ready.  For anything!  Good luck and tell Greeley hi plz! 
My brain is slowly turning into mush. Better take a break and then do something fun... like crocheting 
Good day off working in yard all day, then getting a whipping in squash, cept for Joe  so it ain't all bad.
@ccdt Good stuff! We are going to breakfast now. Sleeping in was in order today! 
i am listening to music  right now , Good Mornin all my friends in twitter land 
@BillBubbaBussey Not an addrenaline junkie. Good dopamine levels without riding rollercoasters 
Good morning everyone!  http://myloc.me/15OT
@rob573   Good mawnin' Rob.....hope your day is bright and sunny   
@flytographer Good Luck on Your Midterms Liz. 
off to sleep. Good night everybody  i hope Trump won't wake me up tonight.
@nerdwriter Well, I hope you are feeling better.  It will make the two days go by easier.  Good luck!  
@ygurvitz Good news: &quot;Forty&quot; is the only number the letters for its name are in alphabethical order 
@Siouxsinner Where are you driving from? Des Moines? you're not too far from me!  Enjoy your trip...I hate driving!  Good Luck! 
@Mxgirl22 Good morning to you MX -- hope you have a good day today. Sending you a smile.  
@JalissaMunoz Im Doing Good 
Good morninf my twitterb's another productive day ahead of me... Most importantly thankful that the Lord has blessed me with another day! 
@PerezHilton Bit behind on The Saturdays post aren't we? It was agesssss ago! Good summer song though 
@bierbelly Good anniversary celebrations then! Did you get anything woody ? For a present I mean 
Good news - I hear #Chuck has been renewed by NBC for a 3rd series!  #iamageek
Good luck and positive prayers towards the girlfriend's way  Have a bless'd day  gooo @aangeebabee ! #fb
Good morning folks. I see Contessa Brewer is lookin' good as ever this morning 
Good morning! Tonight: @therealgrouch and @therealeligh in Pomona! 
@pcarrington Hi! I spotted u bought urself a pair of Earth! We distribute Earth from the UK, &amp; they are perfect for toning! Good choice 
@MonteCarloSS2k Good morning Char 
@spikejones as opposed to #unfollowfridays...when your social media curmudgeon comes out to play? Good morning, Spike 
Good night tweeps. Sweet dreams 
Good Mornin People  What a great weekend HoodStarz Epi.17
Morning! Welcome to a new week all! Good to tweet with you! 
Good morning!  Welcome to another week 
@ashleytisdale I'm looking forward for your &quot;wetten, dass...?&quot; Gig! Good Luck 
@cocolee117 Good night, CoCo. Have a sweet dream!!   I'm not home yet, still working in the office.
Good Mornin' twitterville...sun is trying to peek but still cool out...going for walk soon 
@aplusk help.com/fumanchuster. You worked hard for what you have in life, keep going strong! Good Luck 
Good luck to everyone doing GCSE's 
Good morning!  Seriously where is the sunshine?
making fun of Kirsten  Good night :*
@_swisschick_ Good luck with your Diana+  Join us @ Flickr group called Lomobook!  http://is.gd/B13g  #lomo #lomography
Heading to meet @recreate for coffee. Random guy at gas station rolled down his window to tell me I'm cute. It's 65 degrees.  Good day. 
@LaurenConrad, you are great  we are still I'm season 4 here in Australia, loving every minute. Good luck with everything post-hills! xxx
Good morning, Twitterverse! 
@mandiperkins Good-luck on your Texas tour!! 
Good morning, Twitterverse!  http://ff.im/30mIB
Good news this morning. Fefe is coming to visit from DC! Yaaaaaay!!! I looooooove Feefster 
Good Night All!   Gonna be a great day once I go to sleep and wake up!   
@OfficialSTaylo Good Night!!! 
Goin home .. Folsom was awesome in that tiny box.. So proud of my boys.. Good luck on tour! I heard everything I thought I'd never hear 
@hottea_ Good night, fellow otaku! Sweet dreams 
@leighpod Never tried it in the 98. Had them both for years. Probably time for something new. Good idea, Leigh! 
Good morning people. Dad gave me a lift to school. Wee. 
@poppya90 Good luck with the 40 hour no talking or eating famine -  BLISS - peace, quiet &amp; a clean kitchen 
@Braynerok Good mornin!  yes, I do. Don't you have a iPhone or blackberry? I'm now an twitter addict, because of the app. ;) greetz 
Good night Tweetle-Dee and Tweetle-Dum.  You know who you are. 
getting ready to go to sleep!  Good Night everyone!
@katetorralba Hi Kate! Good lick with work. Are you back in Manila? 
@MariekevdP Good moaning, have a great day at work. Hope you feel better. My headache is nearly gone 
New ticket number has been posted for my raffle! Visit my blog to see if it's yours! kre8tivknits.wordpress.com Good Luck! 
@eztarbright Thesis sucks. Good luck! 
@Sunshineliron Good morning!  Will you be home today? Maybe we could skype when gf goes of to her studio (if she does) ...or tomorrow?
@aTexasAttitude Excellent, well its all good here 
Good night all - Have sweet dreams 
@frankieroberto ooh, there'll be clever people there as well as us? Excellent 
@Rick_1953  Good morning although it's 1323 hrs here 
Good morning to ALL  ? http://blip.fm/~6subv
Good morning from rainy Norway   Remember our goal:  http://bit.ly/Cy7vq  @30SECONDSTOMARS - off to bake muffins...feel like spoiling self
@The_B_Ho_Show  It's what I love most about myself hehe Good night my dear... hopefully hear from you 2morrow. You brighten my days. xx
it is 8:30 - already taken Dave to drop his gar at garage - kids all ready for school and child #4 smashed a glass cake stand. Good start 
Good night! Sweet dreams!  TGIF, baby!!! 
@farmer1019 Good for you, Farmer! 
Good morning! Coffee, cake and cat - CCC  Minki celebrates her 10th birthday... old lady cat but she is still my baby.
Good night tweeps  tomorrow's agenda includes golden state bridge, alcatraz and get aids at Castro 
Good night :] we went out to a movie, ate pizza and then came back to my house to just sit around. Gosh I love my friends 
Good morning^^...http://www.mtv.it/tv/programmi/trl/msn/index.asp VOTE!!! for CB!!! 
Thx God for people who left their wifi routers unpassworded  Good for me and my iphone.
@Kanzi_XxX Good luck! Will be thinking about you  xx
@BlondeBlogger But the computer is so hard to drag yourself off even though you know there are a thousand things to do! Good Luck 
Good morning  Just 5 more days on sale &quot;The rainbow sleeve&quot;  http://bit.ly/FkXDn
Good Night all ... it's been fun 
Good morning !! New day new chance  Is better to setup some motivation from morning. Day go better then and time disapire  Good Luck!
Good morning every1. What up? Tommorrow with Janis to Gibraltar, Cadiz, maybe Portugal. Dunno yet 
@countryvicar I know  Real Fridays are seriously Good News  Might stay put a bit longer.Have a Phil Rickman on the go &amp; a v cosy cat
@JasonVonBerg Good choice, I was thinking along the kidneys line too! MacBook it is then 
@Pink Good luck will be watching 
Good night Every  .. Kisses - DamnGirl
Good morning Tweeps! Bloody hell it's actually sunny today, Although day ahead is looking a tad Dunkirk. Sun definitely making up for it 
Never thought I'd find a boy I could spend 17 straight hours with. Good Lord  succcch an amazing day. Wow.
Good morning all! Just crawled out of my pit and what not... Just making sure I've got everything for my Fly FM show this afternoon 
is going to bed....Talk 2morrow  Good Knight!!
Good morning! Well, now I'm gonna eat a real good breakfast and then I'll go out for a jog! Lovely 
Drunk. Again. Fuk. Detox starting monday. Good night twitbook world! 
@intruth Good news  Your blog post almost had me breaking out the cigars though!
@LisaDEFG Good night Lisa! Talk to you tomorrow! 
My own personal take on Game 2 finally up on MyLakersNation. Good night/morning/day!  http://snurl.com/ijjys
@julienrenaud Good one! I like this one more, CS save the world again http://tinyurl.com/cbfqty 
Good morning tweet pals. Have a good day.  Have to go out so #ff later. Sun is shining. Forecast says good weather Bank Holiday 
@FrankieTheSats Good morinig Frankie! have a good day!!!  xxx
@rowsell Good job: apparently you've raised half a million for TASC!  http://tr.im/m4XZ
Good Moro Twitter!! Enjoying today! gonna make a music video then work on my twitter vid  check out Parry Gripp too!
nice  @ngader: &quot;Excellent remake! Takes a bit of getting used to, but still good. &quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6swzu
Good Night Twitter World, Good Night Friends, Good Night Family, Good Night my Love, and Good Night Jesus! 
@lancearmstrong Make it a good day  Good Luck!
@Gaarawarr Good morning from Italy  10:54 here! How was the Ic? did you went stage 2?
Tonight Should Be Good 
Good morning @all! Summer's arrived...  ? http://blip.fm/~6sxdc
@garymcwilliams Good article. Feedback is the lifeblood of (personal) development. Are you one of those liberal lefty commie pinkos? 
Good morning!! Yeaaaaah! NO school 2day ? I'm lovin' it 
FINALLY done with my bathroom after almost 2 yrs. Its late but Im happy to be done. I'll put pics up tmrw  Good Night or Good morning 
Good morning @Justin_A, hope you have a nice day 
Good evening. Nice to cut a rug and be social. Definatly some very interesting twists 
Good night  Redbull Hookah is always good too.
@Stu_the_great  Have the Game rechargeable pack. Good for about 10 hours. Can get over 15 if you don't use the nunchuck.
@Itxi_Itx Excellent choice! 
Good news. The car is fixed! Yea! I love my dad 
Good morning everyone, Happy Fridayyyyyyy 
@lameymacdonald Good morning. Sounds great! Envy you  Have a wonderful time.
Good things are happening and I like it . I am blessed . I am truly a very happy woman  Plus , I have an awesome family and friends  
Just up. Photos to be taken for work and then collecting @danymilf from her last accounting exam. Good times... 
Good morning Gio  do you have some special plans for today? Have a great weekend  xx
Good morning all! Running behind this a.m. Got a surprise migraine last night and popped some percocets. Need coffee!  no headache tho! 
@tcoulthard Good find on Jetpack, ta 
Good Sunny morning to those in the UK  Costellos looking forward to their rehearsal today! Peace  www.myspace.com/thecostellomusic
@Jinxie_G Hey, you're still up! Good morning to you! I won the blog competition.  Thanks for your help! Lens coming soon! Yee haw!
Good morning world. Didnt run this morning but had a little work out still.  off to work soon. Text it &lt;3 9606047
@Renewablergirl Have one what? Good luck finding your dog! Let us know how it goes. 
@Rove1974  LOL!!! ROFPMSL!!! Good call 
Dull day. Better weekend apparently. Going to my first car auction tomorrow 
@afront They do sound very promising. I'm impressed that NME is pushing these acts. Good times 
all the examinations are over now  ... except the vocal'ish. Don't know what you guys call it. I don't speak school-English. Good day (:
@markhundley Good week and planning a good weekend!  Taking a few days off 
Good morning!!! it's FRIDAY!! yay!! 
Good morning everyone! Happy friday  Have a beautiful day.
@craig88 Good luck  You must be so relieved it's almost over!! Looking forward to the 'just graduated/got my degree tweet
@KarenReece Good luck Karen, think positive!  x
@sweetkisses277 Good Night Ashley!! See you later on! 
Good mornin!!! I just got into a fight with Cappy and Ugly Jack... I am not speaking a single word to them the rest of the day 
Good morning! It looks like another beautiful day here!  Wrapping up some final details, then headed to a rehearsal this afternoon!
@Rockergirl75 Good morning RG how are you 
@smilyross Mmm. Good idea - my heater is under my table. 
Good morning Twitter World......Gonna be a hot one in  the Northeast  
@Wossy you're in the papers for doing something good today! Bet that makes a change for you over the past few weeks! Good stuff 
@QueensOnly Good morning! Thanks for the #FF shout out! 
@sage_in_spain Good morning  How are you ?Thank you for the #followfriday !
Good Morninggggggggggg ! Or Afternoonnnnnnn 
@billbeckett Good morning. Tell me, are you guys gonna be at warped?! 
@brockter Better than other replies you could get, yes?   Hopefully, she's having a spectacular time!
Good morning Tweeple. Looking forward to another wonder-filled day 
@andrewghayes  Good to see you at ECM today.  Always nice to put a name to a face 
@andrewghayes They certainly are! Good to hear A YP's view of the world from time to time. Refreshing perspective 
Good morning! Lots to do today. Going to my parents lake house tonight. 
@simplytwisted Good luck! New house is a new start  Have fun!
Good Mourning twitterville 
@Zyote Good news  Congrats from Amsterdam!
@JJ_9Winds Good morning! Sounds good, should have it soon then 
Good MOANING twitter tweets! Headed for a sonogram with @rhysjlloyd so we can see that our baby is doing fine 
@teflclips Better than being born an English teacher would you say? 
@JohnnyGWeir Good morning! Here is the evening in Korea.  Cheer up!!!!!!!!
is sorting out the media fiasco - AGAIN! Good thing i had a shakeaway or I'd  be panicking now 
@strandsofpearls Good!   I hate the big refresh button on Tweetie &amp; I like how Twitterfon tells you how many new tweets you have to read.
@1aicha Good morning!  I hope you called me something good when you said &quot;Bonjour.&quot; 
Good morning world  Last night was full of worry but today will be better &lt;3 Spoony Bard
@selyn3 Good for you!!  Have a great day!  
@IWCharters   Good morning Ian.
Good Monring Twitter World! I am about to eat breakfast. Not sure what I am going to eat though! 
@brajana Well, I haven't played a hunter enough to know the answer... But. Good morning! 
Good morning! My nanny has the day off, so I am going to try to work while watching 3 kids. Think I'm going to get anything done today? 
@djshystylz I need somethin to bump too, I'll check it out this morning  Better be some female artists on there!!!
@pdurham Oh no! I did that once.... not good. Good luck! 
SIGNING OFF.  &quot;my state of mind has finally got the best of me. i need you next to me..&quot; LSS  Good night peeps!
@mikewhills  Like this?! Good old Google Image search... http://snipr.com/ijtsb Am looking into photo journalism prospects recently...
Good morning tweethearts! Almost time to get up and get ready for school. TGIF. And catherine comes tomorrow!! 
Good morning tweet faces. Let's end this week with a bang. 
Good morning / afternoon / night woke up this morning listening to The Smiths  its going to b a kick ass day
@ChrisOnAir You have been a busy tweeter these last few hours.  Good stuff all.
@sarahstanley Have a safe flight to Chicago!! Good luck staying still!!! 
@Fireforce Good Morn-Ting! my dear 
Good morn all! I hope your day is better than mine  I am NOT looking forward to the aweful meeting I hv in bout an hour. Deep breaths....
#followfriday @merlinfx  Good friend in the IT/Web Industry. 
Good morning Texas!  http://twitpic.com/5ortk
@Amy_Sultzy Good luck! Fingers crossed for you 
@jeanneeee Did you call me Pretty Clematis? I think I like it. Good morning. 
Good night twitter babies in Asia! Good morning twitter hotties in America! 
@xamylouise Ah.. 'normal sick'? Good, good.  Awh~. *rollseyes* poor baby.
@Hekman Good ;) Looking forward to it 
@lmfoley Definitely - getting ourselves ready to read Infinite Jest will be helpful. Good to know you're joining me! 
Good morning all! Yesterday was rough but today has to go better than yesterday simply because Ikea is in my future! 
@JMUdukes2012 That's great that you're still with the same group. Good resume building.  Are you majoring in business?
@sarah4380 Thanks! It was about bloody time too  Good to see you here. I have managed to avoid Facebook up to now.
@susysu Yeah, a good mango is a good metaphor for a good person. Lemme say it just one more time...Good. 
@wickedlibrarian I would but I'm in Australia..... touch the great man's sleeve... I love Good Omens 
@eddieizzard Good luck Eddie! Have fun and keep 'em guessing! 
@workingmoms  Wonderful!    Perfect way to live life!  :3)
Good morning here in California. Hello to all my tweeter friends!  Thanks to all my new tweet friends, may blessings follow you all. 
@G_Giallousis as valei ena 3ponto o Greer kai tous exoume... Good luck g Deutera  
Heading to school. Carnival today. And aww we just saw a bunny! Good day signs? 
@WomenCan Good Night 
@shaggieshapiro Thanks! Good morning over there! Have a niCe day ahead 
@True_Sanctuary Good morning to you!   
Good night everyone. Sleep tight. Don't let those bed bugs bite. Wish me luck  xoxx
@Jenidvm Good to see you, too!  Glad the donuts helped. 
trying to be happy about stuff today. Walking on a bridge pretty soon. Good times 
@JimserM Absolutely! Good things happen (or eventually happen) to good people. Just got to believe. Jeez, I sound like a preacher now! 
Good morning all. Watching some monk  wish I coulda slept a little more.
@thepromise2009 Good luck with the training! Will def promise something not sure what, will probably be something 2 help dogs/horses tho! 
@knapsack: Almost - it's PA this am. But sunny, w/ those hi wispy clouds predictive of rain in 36 hours. Good 2B a scout 
Good night tweeps! Early day tom... gonna island hop! 
@Angeldream05 Good, good! Where've you been if you've just gotten home? Been travelling? 
@DJDiva5 @MattShandera @asquillace - Good times at the Cracker Barrel  Have a safe trip back to Boston!
Math final in...like 2 minutes! Good thing i can text in this class  maybe i'll tweet for help ;)
Good morning world &lt;3 i'm on my way to california, baby! Six hours on the road, i need entertainment .. Care to entertain? 
@worshipeldertj Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt 
@markhoppus Good morning, Mark  tudo bem? LOL &lt;3
Getting to work on stuff.. But excited to go to @saeosu13 's graduation tonight!!  Good Luck to @rtiedemann6 for his 1st playoff game! 
@Siouxsinner Good idea. There will be plummeting off a mountainside or crashing into the Colorado River today. 
@prenticechiro you in/out of the OR yet?  Ask you anesthetist if his name is Andy. Seriously.   Good luck!!!
@hopeful420 Good Luck!!! 
@elver Gentle is always nice, but, rmmbr ur PAYING her to do a Good job not to just &quot;putsy&quot;-foot around.  Teeth r important.
Mane... Watta f'cking party... Feels good tho. Oh yea. Good morning ppls 
Good morning  now I don't have to go in until 1.  Now I have to closeeee. Blah lol.
@SusanCha Good morning my ray o' sunshine Alli oopsie LOL 
@heritagesoftail Good morning Su!  How are you ?!
@jody74 Haha! I wonder if my mom had the same thought whenever I stayed home sick from school. &quot;This close!&quot; Better luck next week 
@Am_I_Wry Good to have u back....thinking i need a rest from it now! 
@hostile_bioform Woo!  Good luck  Is Sarah going for the same place?
.@kristinnsmith Ouch! Kristin-1, LU-0 on that last tweet. Good point. 
@mmpotter Excellent thanks!!  She let us sleep for over 3 hours in a row last night! She's sleeping right now, so I am about to shower 
@AshleyBoo Good morning Ashley!! 
@steph_davies Good night, Steph! 
Going to Panera for Lunch with Todd VanPatten- Gone 4 Good Shred 
@chrisheuer Thank you for the #followfriday!! Good reason to stop writing Swedish tweets now  
@ScarletOHurtya It's not a cut. It's &quot;enhanced&quot; security. :p Good luck with your Swine Flu thing. Get well soon. 
@ememess Good. Your blipping has been sorely missed 
Alright, I have to do the responsible thing and go to bed. Early morning. Good night! 
Just got home from Marriage Equality rally. Good times 
@sarathegypsy what time is it there right now ? Oh. Good morning by the way 
Wsupp to Kirk&amp;&amp;Carrington! Good talkin to you guys today 
Good Nite Everyone 
Good morning Kuwait 
@FPsEvilSide Good Night Sweetness 
@ShawneyJ Congratulations to you and Mark! I very much enjoyed watching you all season. Good luck in all your future endeavors! 
@BlairDC Thank you! Good luck in NY... 
@NKFan1 Good luck! Remember that the payoff will be July 9th &amp; 10th! 
Good night fellas see you tomorrow. Sweet dreams for all of you 
Bedtime. Don't think there'll be any more big, heavy desks to move around tomorrow, and thank goodness for that!  Good night!
Good afternoon  Finally, it stopped raining
says Good Noon to everyone! Care to Plurk???  http://plurk.com/p/wh8si
Del taco and real housewives of new jersey. Good ways to end a good date night. 
@Lloyd_YG..Good handsome and the rest of crew! 
@Reita Good Luck. May the force be with you! 
@kpereira That was awesome. Good job Kev 
Good night my beautiful people. Today has been slightly eventful. Be blessed. See you in the A.M 
@DefyGravity81 Good Knight 
I hope I feel good @ 7am when its time for me to go to work. Maybe I should stop drinking......naw  Feelin Good!
@blabers Good morning. You are becoming something of a radio busy-bunny! Have a good day 
Sweet (accidental) revenge, math test going well, winning an award.. Good day, grand day 
I am off to bed. Good night everyone!  Sweet dreams! 
The forum is done, will finish with the rest tomorrow!! Good Night peeps, love ya' all! 
@jeffarchuleta Good that they didn't change your password! I hate hackers. Argh! 
is at his parents' ranch for a few days! *yawn* &quot;Good night! Pictures to come!&quot;  @ The Ranch http://loopt.us/8lsE2A.t
Good nite @ Dolce...sweated out the freshly washed hair but oh well...it was worth it 
@JwinfrmSA Cool, Thanks man!  Good Night! 
Good night everybody! Tweet you tomorrow.  
@summerrainx Good morning to you. Did you sleep well? I was a bit scattered &amp; clumsy 'cous I got up too early. 
And a HUGE welcome to all my new followers!  Good to know what I post is appreciated.  
http://bbltwt.com/griuu &lt;- Check baby out!...it is time 4 LadyScholar 2 get her beauty rest, so Good Night tweeties &amp; I'll c u n tha am 
@SharneseLaNier Good to see you, too! Been a bit! 
Hard to be back on the east coast schedule. I'm 3 hours behind everyone. 2am here? 11pm back home. Good thing I have diablo 3. 
@leahlamb Good to *see* you too!  and I do love Hawaii. Actually, I am planning to move there soon :p http://wallout.com/oahu_hawaii_2005
Good night tweets, need to get things in order before my small stint helping out at the Maker Faire. 
@lindx Good morning Linda, pleasure to meet you 
@sc430girl Wooooooo! Good mornin to you too super sassy lady! 
Going Offline now..  Parents demanding that I shut down the computer.  Good night, folks!
@wildobs Breathtaking!  Good morning from CT 
Good Night Friends/Haters! Let Lebron shine he deserves it!!  love ya tweeties!!
Good night everyone. Tweet you tomorrow. 
Stayed in the house today. Good Day  Tomorrow could be a good day if my bro stays home with me. Hee, hee, hee...
Good night all.  Sweet dreams and I'll talk to you all 2morrow. 
@MyInnerSexFiend Good Night 
@DawnMarieLS Thanks! Good Night to you 
Good night, always changing world. Keeps me on my toes 
Good if uneventful day at work. Now to have dinner and do it all again tomorrow. Goodnite all. 
@RyanStar Good luck and don't make Artie drive since it is his birthday! 
I can't seem to keep my eyes open much longer so I'm gonna sign off now... talk to you all tomorrow! Good Knight 
Good news on the Jetta  no error codes!
Hanging out with Uncle Mike and my daughter at TCC while the ladies shop. Good times 
Good morning! TGIF! Let's get you going ... http://blip.fm/~78lb6 
@JaydDragyn Hiya! Good and tomorrow is FRIDAY!! Woot! 
Good night from Mid Missouri (God's country)... 
Good morning twitterers! Finally worked/slept and no distubances during night shift!!! Hope you had a calm night, too.  Have a nice day!!
@smallfry1984: I can't get sad lyrics out of my head lately, either!  Go listen to some happy Beatles, maybe?  &quot;Good day, sunshine.&quot; 
@omeghan Already, Constance makes me feel all kinds of uncomfortable. LOL. Good to hear it gets better 
Got my hands dirty, burned a big pile of wood, had an ecclectic variety of music going through my mind, and got a nasty sunburn. Good day 
Good night...I can't do it!  I am having a serious case of RLS...Must sleep 
@Craigory24 Whew!!! Good to hear!  I hate cops.
@_MikeNewton_ Good Night 
@David_Kaufer wow that's great!! Good luck with that  will have my fingers &amp; toes crossed for you
Final exam.. It had to be Maths... Wishing myself Good Luck for the last time !! 
@daveonMIX965 I've always been a Letterman fan since I was 5! Good night D! We will hang soon. 
Good morning/afternoon/evening/night! Time to get up and get to work.  Have a fantastic day!  
Good nite  Dont let the bed bugs bite!
U see @Sparkal the tea made me tired. Going to sleep now. Good night! 
I'm feeling sleepy eyed. I'm going to call it a nite. Enjoy your evening and play nice while I'm gone! Until morning Good Night luvs! 
Good morning @TheLuxPod! Glad you liked the photos. Looking forward to yours of London, bringing me some city sparkle and pizzazz 
Just finished watching Benjamin Button. Good, but very very long, almost too long. Anyway, I thought it was a pretty good movie!!!!! 
Dude, ima sleep. Good night tweet, and people who are online right now  nighty night. Its so fun just spamming peoples phone. Haha sor ...
@harpydora Ah. I'm at a party in Alabama with good friends. Good times 
@musicsinmyveins Good idea, 'cept I don't have one.  Should maybe look into that.
@Cohenism Eeek. Good luck 
@nokiamobiletalk great interview. too bad LCG has no future planned apps. Good thing he has an 5800, more tweaks &amp; optimization for S60v5 
Ok, I am off to la la land! Good night all 
@_CrC_ Hey shaker man! Good to see ya on twitter! 
Your search engine and twitter convert well! Good job John 
Walking home from DMC with the boys... Good night 
@ColorblindFish Good nite! Sweet summer tour dreams! 
@1KrazyKorean Better than what? 
@jordanknight back to Beantown yet?  Isn't this ur usual Twitter time?  Hope ur getting some rest.  Good night  
Good morning all! Been up since 5:30am, and it's a beautiful start to the day here in #Somerset 
Good morning!  Today's going to be sunny and hot... and I have to work work work... Guess I could go work outside ;) That's what I'll do!
Good morning Titterverse! All stiff and sore today, no good reason, just need to work out. Body Combat in a couple hours should do it 
@macaholic13 Good morning Tatjana 
Good night  Thank you for props, RBs &amp; replies @SwingingtoDJFox @BattLady @Gaz50 @elocio @ocliao @aristeia @... ? http://blip.fm/~78sdk
@SherriEShepherd U think U strained a muscle? Try not starting 2 quickly or overdoing it. If not you'll burn out quickly. Good luck girl! 
http://ping.fm/p/Gk72N - Good morning, it's a beautiful day! 
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawn... Good morning Tweeps 
Good morning to all followers!Beautiful sunny day here in Hamburg 
@Mia__Cavallo Good morning and a good day to you too! 
@ScottATaylor Good bro...gonna hit the hay.  Let me know when you need help launching that book 
@XKirstyxo I downloaded Feel Good Drag 3 times :| by mistake and thanks 
Good morning Tweeps. Weather looks nice out today  Am getting ready to go help my nan.
@aysetugrul Good morning  Beautiful new necklace!
Good morning everyone.  Let the Sunshine in 
just finished a 14 chapter fanfiction...watching Ned's Declassified...Good Afternooooon all 
@dilipm Wonderful man. Good going 
@ciaoamalfi Excellent, I look forward to it! 
@maureenjohnson Good luck with the trapeze thing! I'm sure you'll do great! And LIVE through it! But if not, I call Ghost in a Jar. 
UPDATE#50: Good night, today was a grand day 
@peterwooley Good! I was shaken by the thought of having to anti-alias in subpixel RGB 
@issacfourth Good Job Kiddo!! 
Good morning everyone, i feel wrecked again today! But at least i'm in JS land today 
@TJThyne : Good luck 'n Have fun! 
Good morning  I'm very happy today !! I'm at Lenguage Class. xxx
@Kyle4Music Good nigtht...Good night...One from Decker and myself. 
@ZEROGreenhouse Good onya Bob, pulling for the Salvos, thanks!! 
Good moaning i bring a massage from Michelle! 
Joe left so now I'm going to sleep. Good night tweeters  Sleep tight and don't let the bedbugs bite! http://u.mavrev.com/68lc
To know how to Get 16.000 Followers in 90 days &amp; Make no Money doing it? http://bit.ly/SlgV8 Good tipps, but money?  Jesus
breakfast in bed on my day off? Excellent idea 
@JHAZEBeats Good look! Ty Woods is dope I'm listening now 
