Most common words for this cluster:
[('goodnight', 244), ('lol', 11), ('time', 9), ('amp', 5), ('day', 5), ('night', 4), ('x', 4), ('goodbye', 4), ('twitterers', 3), ('bye', 3), ('peeps', 3), ('l', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'goodnight', 0.9686561822891235), (u'goodbye', 0.6404718160629272), (u'hello', 0.6251170635223389), (u'Hi_Mom', 0.5752736926078796), (u'mom_Chrissy_Pribyla', 0.5711782574653625), (u'kiss_goodnight', 0.5680587291717529), (u'goodbyes', 0.5568415522575378), (u'cheerio', 0.5445351600646973), (u'goodby', 0.5372879505157471), (u'Hee_hee', 0.5369214415550232)]





@martiy ouchies.    have a good day .......and goodnight @SuperTim.
@sebby_peek okay, goodnight, I love you so much xxxx I'm sorry, too 
I can't sleeeeeeeeep!!!  I need a goodnight kiss!
goodnight 
soo tired  goodnight xoxo
goodnight 
i need to go to sleep  ....goodnight
exhausting day.  goodnight
 goodnight
i hate having anxiety  goodnight
Hates going to sleep without a proper goodnight 
I miss him already  such a goodnight!
goodnight peeps! work at 2 
going to bed have to be up at 5.. not excited  goodnight!
goodnight t0o my dear... 
I think I'm reaching new epic fail levels at saying goodbye/goodnight. It's just so hard 
I hope big bear's okay, we didn't get to say goodnight to eachother 
No goodnight! 
well that was painful  #goodnight and #goodluck
I officially suck at sudoku  goodnight
@itsHoodRich ouch... i see how it is....  i jus wanted to say goodnight...
@igoraragorn I keep saying goodnight on here but I'm such a liarrrr  LOL
soooooo tired  goodnight!
i hate that i am going to bed at 4:15 and i have to wake up at 7:15 fml   goodnight!
goodnight 
It upsets me that mum doesnt tuck me in goodnight anymore 
i'm going to bed i feel terrible  goodnight
wishing I could say goodnight 
Hiccuping  goodnight.
I want maffew  goodnight.
didnt say goodnight to you 
I'm not feeling so hot  goodnight
Could have used a kiss goodnight 
I guess the hubby isn't going to say goodnight 
@justinjood i wish im actually being quite the recluse tonight not having a goodnight 
Where's @n00tz I wanted to call and say goodnight. No luck. 
tired  goodnight ! (L)
you never fail to disappoint / goodnight tweeple, work in the morns 
@fastloudclose aw goodnight 
goodnight 
goodnight damn I'm missing rove 
goodnight done for thee night work in thee a.m 
@Veronicah86 awwww well I wish I could talk with more with you about this but I'm going to sleep  goodnight!!! ;)
its official just threw up! feeling so sick and down   babe you know your the only one I love!! ugh goodnight all!
 goodnight
going to my bed felling quite tired and burnt  goodnight x
goodnight, ugh tmrw, i have 2 make time to clean 
hello.  so sleepy. but goodnight. sorry no conan for me tonight 
hello. so sleepy. but goodnight. sorry no conan for me tonight 
  goodnight..
goodnight. *sobs*  
I can't say I'm sorry, you know I am, have a goodnight, and if I don't talk to you just know I still love you. 
goodnight twitters! 
I'm confused  i.ll let yall have dat ;) @beamoodyrose @WeedChieffa goodnight
goodnight....... 
tummy ache  goodnight
it is late and i am confused  goodnight moon
goodnight  ;/
Not feeling good...  goodnight!
Going to bed  I'm tired of arguing goodnight!
Does not feel good at all  goodnight
well so much for that...goodnight 
goodnight.. 
goodnight 
sleeping alone tonight  goodnight
@n33734 awwwww  goodnight
@ROBSESSED43 I didn't even know you were on!!   I'm sorry, well have a goodnight, talk to ya tommorow.
goodnight every one and @ayedayjonas920 you forgot to call me tonight! 
goodnight 
goodnight 
goodnight guys.   http://plurk.com/p/11ofbr
@MrRobPattinson ... I'm going to bed without your goodnight.. I'm sooo sad.. and if i have nightmare???? 
doesnt know how to go to sleep without calling jordan to say goodnight 
going to watch goodnight and good luck because i've had it for about three months from netflix. hugs to @davidarchie 
 goodnight.
horrible night.  goodnight.
@ai_nante No lovey, you're wrong. But goodnight to you on here anyways 
It's so nice sleeping in my own bed! I haven't done that in a while... it is a little lonely though  goodnight errrrrbody!
so tired  goodnight!
I'm tired, goodnight.. 
so i guess its goodnight from me  night twitterers x.
goodnight fenway, goodnight boston. rain sucks. 
@redassyellabone Alrite then have a goodnight ma 
 goodnight
my bed's so empty  goodnight.
goodnight moon. goodnight fierce hair 
@sleeakgirl thanx lol goodnight i have to get up at b7:30 
misses my goodnight kisses 
goodnight kisses 
sleeping. goodnight. i miss you. 
goodnight 
time to go  i'm so tired :[ bye! goodnight! :3
Ahh headache  goodnight!
 goodnight...
keep expecting a goodnight text from him. but im never going to get it again 
Off to bed, have to be up early  goodnight all x
@joeymcintyre i suppose you did not.  oh well i tried. im off to bed! goodnight!
@FlipLloyd I don't get a goodnight 
 goodnight.
@jodifuckinrocks More like goodnight 
goodnight 
@pago I missed the #goodnight train, so instead how about a beautiful #goodmorning? 
bed timeeee. goodnight to whoever is awake 
goodnight. hurrah. 
@nicthaquik haha I digg u  lol u havin a goodnight?
@followurheart09 I know me too..sleeping is so much more comfy with u!!  goodnight lovely!! Be safe and I hope u feel better!
goodnight all 
goodnight! 
goodnight 
goodnight. beddy-by time! 
goodnight 
i love L.A. goodnight 
@AprilFilms just got turned away at the door have a goodnight 7-11 for me 
goodnight @pkjaz 
goodnight tweople 
goodnight twitterverse 
goodnight pat! sleep well my friend1 
I'm tired now so... I'm going to bed...goodnight...   ?
goodnight loves. zzzz! 
goodnight all 
Going to bed goodnight everybody! 
i'm going to sleep guys  goodnight..
Everyone have a nice evening....goodnight 
goodnight 
time to get some sleeeep. goodnight. 
 goodnight
off to bed!  goodnight everybody! xo
goodnight 
@2NiteBoy going to bed already? aaww. goodnight 
goodnight 
daily photo!  and goodnight.    http://tinyurl.com/d8oeaz
hungry. and going to bed. goodnight! 
time for sleeeeep!! goodnight 
goodnight my little twitterlins! 
watching V4V then turning in. goodnight 
/ goodnight bitches 
@TruthBoe09 aw bad timing lol.. goodnight though 
goodnight fellow twitterers  X
goodnight tweeties 
and on this note, goodnight   http://tinyurl.com/cjzwmg
goodnight twitters..turning it off 
goodnight 
is getting ready to go to sleep......goodnight all!! 
going to bed... goodnight! 
goodnight 
@msishi imma talk to ya later ishi goodnight kid 
seriously. increasingly good nights. stoked on life! couldn't be happier  #goodnight  
going to bed.   goodnight 
goodnight  
goodnight!!! 
goodnight to all 
goodnight to all. 
listening to jubey snoring on the phone  hehe goodnight
goodnight and good bye to all of you, hope you have the best of dreams 
goodnight world.... goodnight eddplant. 
goodnight all in the twitterverse  
goodnight! 
off to bed. goodnight all twitterers 
goodnight 
goodnight Sealthrose. 
One more #familyforce5  LOL goodnight.
goodnight. 
goodnight 
Snuggling with my kitty and build-a-bear  goodnight
goodnight &amp; goodbye. 
ready to hit the bed... i'm tired. goodnight... 
@Charly_sp ok goodnight 
goodnight for real this time 
goodnight... for real this time!! haha 
goodnight twitterverse 
goodnight 
goodnight 
goodnight  &amp; this one is final.
watchingg 'waiting' with britt // nice  // txtme // goodnight!
goodnight!  
@playwright82 lol true goodnight  ttyl
goodnight 
goodnight 
good day  goodnight!
goodnight 
wow. i'm exhausted.. it's been a great/long day, but it was amazing. goodnight 
goodnight, peeps!  love, peace and blessings!
Is dwunkkk.. &amp; full! K goodnight!!!  bye world!
goodnight 
@charm_next_door goodnight! 
@mros01 haha. okay goodnight. 
so tired, but i don't know why  goodnight &amp; goodbye 
@h0ney_ goodnight gorgeous 
@lain7 it's ok goodnight . 
I forgot how good it feels to write  goodnight for real this time 
goodnight. goodbye. and i WILL see you tommorrow. i love you all. 
it's late...i'm tired....goodnight. 
@AndyWest1 AND... you're a twittaholic! Haha goodnight 
going to bed with my hubby  goodnight all
goodnight!! off to bed 
@madonnamike goodnight mikey! 
goodnight lol 
I'm calling it a night goodnight friends god bless 
goodnight tweetits 
whewww tired &amp; ready for bed. goodnight!! 
goodnight peeps! 
goodnight tweeterssss   
closing my eyes for a few hrs then up for this final  goodnight !
goodnight all, early night for me 
l love johnny, goodnight TITTER!!!!!  ( . ) ( . )
goodnight tweeps.im hitting the sack now.  xo
 goodnight
goodnight 
Right found her lefty fersure  goodnight twittlers!
going to bed, goodnight 
@therealsavannah lol.we are great,thanx! goodnight!  
@djshelton @mikeyballardo goodnight silly boys. 
long day. goodnight 
just got baq frn webster hall...goodnight 
goodnight 
@Veronicah86 awww I hope u finally went to sleep  goodnight!
@frozen85 goodnight sweetness 
@sergeantkero you should to go to sleep right now carol, nanti sakit looooh  goodnight, feel better soon &lt;3
wondering why she is still grounded.. lol goodnight  extremely tiiired.
@officialnjonas im glad you read your replies(: you should follow me. pleeease  kayy, goodnight.
going to bed, goodnight 
*goodnight 
ah well... twitterites... craig is nearly over, so i think i'll say goodnight.  have a happy wednesday all!  be safe and be happy 
going to b.e.d - - - goodnight 
goodnight 
goodnight 
tired , I just wanna sleep , goodnight and goodbyr twitterians 
goodnight 
goodnight! no college on fridays is awesome. I'll be home at 10 
thinks sleeping in is going to feel so good  goodnight!
bout to go to sleep goodnight takara rub you tummy lol 
heading to bed; goodnight 
@knauticus lol k goodnight 
... N finally, warm beddy, goodnight yall, have nice dreams... 
its bedtime  goodnight
goodnight 
elvis has left the building.  goodnight 
goodnight all 
goodnight twitties 
ohh kayy loves ii think it's that time : so with that being said thank you &amp;nd goodnight 
home. drank but didn't drunk. more dexter. goodnight 
