Most common words for this cluster:
[('goodnight', 481), ('everyone', 45), ('tomorrow', 38), ('world', 31), ('day', 22), ('twitter', 22), ('sleep', 19), ('time', 14), ('dreams', 13), ('night', 13), ('morning', 11), ('http', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Goodnight', 0.9999824166297913), (u'Blue_Skies', 0.4523526430130005), (u'jgoodnight@voiceinc.org', 0.4400491416454315), (u'Goodbye', 0.43411797285079956), (u'Cotten', 0.4144587814807892), (u'Birdsong', 0.41247880458831787), (u'Wise', 0.41069304943084717), (u'Spangler', 0.4103182852268219), (u'Polk_Salad', 0.40968257188796997), (u'Azar_Nafisi_author', 0.4095090329647064)]





I'm going to love this season of the hills... I can tell!  Spartans sucked.    Goodnight!!
Goodnight. 
I miss you girl!   (I'm going to bed now. Goodnight all!)
I don't even know anymore.  Goodnight.
Goodnight everybody i love you hahaha..... I gotta go 
cuddling by myself  Goodnight twitter world!
no charger = phones dead  boo, I hate the rain. Goodnight!
made it to salt lake... Just drove through what must have been an impressive mountain pass in the dark  oh well. Goodnight!
I'm so mad that I can't find my scarf! ARrrrGG!  Goodnight ya'll
I need to control my compulsiveness. I'm stressed as hell.  Goodnight.
I went a whole day without tweeting... I feel weird  Goodnight #yeg
Goodnight twitterverse thanks for your kind thoughts @makemebad35 thanks! &lt;3 @keithfries well thats good to know i thought you did  &lt;33 u
I don't want to grow up and be an adult in 5 days  I'm missing childhood. I'm delirious... I need sleep. Goodnight...
Goodnight, I have to go to bed early  laterzzz
 aw , he had to get off the phone *sigh* oh well. time to go masturbate now &gt;_&gt; Or call adam..idk. Goodnight.
@KhloeKardashian Goodnight twitter   
Just got rickrolled.  Goodnight hopefully.
Goodnight cali, wherever you are 
Goodnight  not in the happiest mood today but ill be alright tomorrow.
Goodnight from my new bedroom in vb.... I already miss my old one i had for 7 years 
Goodnight, work bright and early 
Off to sleep  tomorrow I have to work...  Goodnight!! xxxxxxx
Goodnight twitterverse! P.S: I hate you 
Its official, I'm sick and its more than allergies   doc appt tomorrow. I can't really breathe, I have vicks on. Goodnight.
Goodnight!! I have to be up in an hour 
Goodnight twitterland!   I have to wake up at 7!!.... that's really early for me!
I feel fattttt  crunches?!   Goodnight!
Didnt get my story memorized  ah well. I'll just wing it. Goodnight!
Not even close to being finished editing  blahhhhh. Goodnight &lt;3
I dont feel good  hopefully i can sleep. Goodnight.
not looking forward to work or waking up.   Goodnight world.  I wish I didn't have to say good morning in a few hours.  sad day  
Goodnight world! I have t o be up at 5am 
@lisaxjbx3 Goodnight is not on the trending topics.  lol
I guess its bedtime. Goodnight twitter.  my bed is so big and empty without him.
I wish I could go back in time.  Goodnight world
I am so tired.  Goodnight.
Goodnight twitter! Being sick sucks! 
My headache came back  ugh. Goodnight*
If sleepin is the only way 2 make it go away then ima sleep all the time.  I hate this! I hate this! I hate this! I hate this! Goodnight!
I want to watch showgirls again   oh well sleepy time!  Goodnight twiggas!  Lol thx bean, I love that word
my wittle boy's sick  Goodnight tweets.
Goodnight! 
Just got home. Extremely tried. Bummed I didn't get to talk to my girls today  any who, Goodnight twitter. x
Just got homeeeee... Goodnight. I'm tiweeed 
@Sall_y  Goodnight , work for me too in morning 
Goodnight all...back to work tomorrow so gotta get my sleep 
Goodnight. Fml. 
This is good! I have to sacrifice and wait until tomorrow to finish.  Goodnight tweeps
Goodnight twitterverse can't stay up any longer 
Goodnight ppl jury duty tomorrow.. 
@cjewel Goodnight to you. I'm off to dishes 
Goodnight, and good luck. 
I hate thinking about this sooo much. I hate making myself feel like this. :'( oh well I'm gonna try to sleep. Goodnight twitterville 
I should really go to sleep now, I have work in the afternoon.  Goodnight
Biiig headache  I think I go to bed tomorrow I have to work ;) Goodnight 'love' &amp; xoxo
@vzofficial i want too   Goodnight honey
I broke our little deal.  I can't let my eyes burn anymore. Goodnight.
Goodnight, I've been boring tonight  such a headache, being a Mumma is tough sometimes.
Why am I still up? I have school in the morning.  Goodnight.
Has so much to do  One thing I will NOT sacrifice is my sleep. Goodnight.
 i hate this .. Goodnight.
 i hate this .. Goodnight. LOL http://tinyurl.com/olyvhe
@tophatdog I think I'm going to sleep now though.I have to be up in a few short hours  You too?I see Goodnight is trending at #2 tonight!
Going to bed.  Wish I could take a shower.  No clean clothes.   They'll be dry tomorrow.  Goodnight, everyone.
@tracecyrus bring back some old school metro please... Goodnight and goodbye &amp; moving along are such amazing songs 
Goodnight everyone....I hope I don't have the nightmare about the giant cockroach again! That was the worst nightmare ever last night! 
i think it's nice when 1000's of people following you here , i have a long long , verry lon wey to go   going to sleep , Goodnight
Our angel has a hard period  going to sleep again! Goodnight you all! Goodnight my 2 men (l) schliebeusch
is sleepy. going to bed soon and driving hour tomorrow  Goodnight twitties !
Goodnight everyone, my phone died and my charger's in the car, so i'm sorry for not replying  talk to you guys tomorrow!
Goodnight, going home tomorrow, sad 
No water.   got an icecube and i'm tryin to melt it. . Goodnight. .
I wanted to see drag me to hell but idk y we didn't go! Next weekend?!?! Finally going to sleep workin tomorrow!   Goodnight all!
I felt like writing something intelligent or witty, but I'm too tired to think of anything...Goodnight to all, and to all a goodnight 
Goodnight. 
Please go away headache.  Goodnight, friendz.
Damnit, it's 4am. . . and I think I say &quot;damnit&quot; too much but it's so apropos.lol. Goodnight twitterlings. 
Goodnight and goodbye summer 
   Goodnight   
Goodnight. I am genuinely tired 
Goodnight. 
Goodnight all 
Another night in my bed with just me n my teddy bear    Goodnight
Goodnight twitter world...got to get up for church in 2 1/2 hrs 
Goodnight......off for dinner 
@xfftl8myheartx  Goodnight.
I wish my back wasnt out.  Goodnight twitter. &lt;3
Goodnight! xxo; school exams in 10 days. 
im tired  *yawns, rubs eyes, and goes to bed*  Goodnight! i will Twitter in the morning!
Days ended before it seemed to have begun! I didn't even get much time to tweet today 2 everyone, sowwy  Goodnight and sweet dreams 2 all
i think i'm gonna go to bed now, early, but i'm so tired!!  Goodnight everyone &lt;3
I have been neglecting twitter  i'll work on that tomorrow. Goodnight!
Bout to call it a night. 12-hour shift tomorrow...ugh  Goodnight everybody.
Goodnight moon. I'm hungry  but I still love you.
well I guess all my twiggas went to sleep on me  Goodnight!
Goodnight yall! I feel so bad that my sister couldn't come to tahoe with us 
My tummy hurts  But my bed feels nice. Goodnight.
Amazing wedding cakes is on!  Goodnight forreal forreal.
What a day! Now I'm tired. Goodnight. 
its so frustrating to see &quot;Goodnight&quot; on the trending topics when your own day just begun  dammit!
Missing a few people  wish I didn't live so far away from them. Goodnight.
Goodnight/morning everyone... 
Has decided my bed is too big without my boy in it with me  Goodnight, i love you
I'm going to sleep, for real this tiime! I can barely keep my eyes open, and they hurt now.  Goodnight ya'll. &lt;333
wow crazy bad day hope tomorrow goes better for me i mean i didnt even get the jonas cd  well going to bed now Goodnight&lt;3
Goodnight 
Goodnight. I'm ready to fail my exams tomorrow. 
I'm outtie the @doggles needs a walk and she cannot do it herself   Goodnight tweethearts xoxo-pm
I have a feeling tomorrow is gonna be hell, my forecast is a sneeze fest  Goodnight everyone.
@cherluvya Goodnight hon, even though I didn't get to talk to you. 
Goodnight everyone. I hope you go to bed feeling healthier than I do. *cough* *hack* 
I wish I wasn't so vulnerable  Goodnight.
I wish I wasn't so freaking vulnerable  Goodnight.
 bedss gayyyy ... oh well Goodnight people  @technotetris and @ShaunAcland ;D
will rest now. Naoverwhelm yung katawan ko sa morning class.  Goodnight everyone. http://plurk.com/p/11njig
ok going to bed... gonna try to get up early to go for a jog.  not motivated for the situps and pushups though...    Goodnight
Goodnight for real this time y'all. Hopefully I'll go to sleep &amp; forget I'm close to upchucking. 
Changed my mind...finna go to sleep...tired as hell. I start my p90x tomorrow  not ready to commit suicide though. Goodnight twitter!
Goodnight twiggas...not feelin well, callin it a nite 
@PrinceSammie awww was looking foward to tuning in again  Goodnight
@newworldfool ahhh that is so not true. Goodnight  
Goodnight twitter hopefully I can fall asleep 
Going to bed. So gonna have to drag myself out at 5am  Goodnight all
vou dormir, estou cansado  // Goodnight for all and some people in special
Going to bed  got to wake up at 7am for swimming, will be cold :S. Goodnight!
Goodnight tweeple I can't hold my head up 
Goodnight. I'm tired 
sent the letter. scared for her to read it now  oh well. had to get that off my chest. Goodnight Twiggaros!
Goodnight. 
@suriiita: me too  just stepped in. Goodnight!
Goodnight anyways 
Goodnight twitterverse! I'm going to be alone with my pain  #nastyearinfections
Goodnight 
Goodnight 10 hours 
Going to try to get at least three hours of sleep. I feel like a csw.  lol. Goodnight twitterland.
Goodnight all.. will sleep on it tonight.. I really look too small I guess.. 
Goodnight my tweets gotta wake up in a couple of hours for work 
Goodnight twitter, one of my last posts for three weeks. I'll prob post tomorrow before I leave 
Goodnight all 9 followers. 
I'm so bored... I'm tweeting my ass off..f*ck it I'm going to sleep! Goodnight! 
Already missing home  I'll tough it, though. 10 more days... Goodnight! &lt;3
Goodnight guys. I hope you all are having a better weekend than me 
I think I need someone to come and take care of me....I don't feel to swift.  hope I feel better in the mornin. Goodnight all.
Goodnight! I need some sleep pronto! I have been enjoying vacation, but have been enjoying it so much that I stay up too late! 
Goodnight 
@MelAStev I was thinking the same thing actually! Goodnight I hope ya feel better 
Finally Goodnight! 
@saraaaaaaaaa_ we have needles tomorrow.  and get some sleep bitch. Goodnight
Goodnight @simplykaits, you wonderful lady, sorry we didn't get to chat today. I miss you  Just 10 more days to go!
Goodnight... tests tomorrow 
I feel like being pampered  so I'm about to take a nice bath and relax so I can be wined &amp; dined... Goodnight twittville, be safe...MUAH!
Boyfriend just left  going to bed. Goodnight world &lt;3
Goodnight, doctors in the am  blah wanna sleep in
Goodnight night sky, it's unfortunate that the one person I wanted to share my achievement isn't in my life anymore. 
@nickjonas That could have been painfull.  Goodnight.
Goodnight is always a trending topic when I get up in the morning, I feel a little left out 
Goodnight, world. Goodnight, moon. Goodnight, stars. Goodnight, fleas on my kitten 
Goodnight ppl i have work at 8  only a coupl hours of sleep though i'm off at one
Goodnight ppl i have work at 8  only a coupl hours of sleep though i'm off at one omg
Goodnight ppl i have work at 8  only a coupl hours of sleep though i'm off at one omg http://tinyurl.com/nytsnu
Goodnight Goodnight Goodnight cruel world...You will not let me be with the one I love more than anything  haha I'm kidding, I'm not deep
Goodnight Internetz.... I missed saying that to you last night... 
Goodnight 
But I do not mind.  Goodnight
I'm officially going to bed! Goodnight 
@VampireBill  Goodnight and take care 
Goodnight 
Goodnight, can't wait for school in the morning! 
@Tyrese4real Goodnight 
Really tired. Goodnight everyone! 
I guess I'll try and go to sleep...Goodnight! 
Goodnight 
time to turn off and go to sleep i think, its been a big day! Goodnight all 
Goodnight all, shall &quot;see&quot; you tomorrow 
Going to bed. Goodnight everyone 
@cyclepath55 Sounds good!   Time for me to get some sleep.  Goodnight.
@LoveMariaElena Goodnight! get a great Night's rest! 
Goodnight  x
Goodnight all! 
Goodnight 
Goodnight everyone...gotta get sermon ready for tomorrow. 
Going to start getting ready for bed. Goodnight, twitter universe 
Off to bed verrry sleep   Goodnight everyonee 
Goodnight all! 
Its so nice to be in my own bed... Goodnight. 
Just got home, soooo tired! Goodnight 
I'm off to sleep. Goodnight every1.  
Having a sleepover. Going to bed. Goodnight anyone who sees this 
Going to bed. Goodnight  !
Goodnight everyone 
Goodnight twitterers... dont let the bed bugs bite! 
@JonathanRKnight Goodnight, sweetie. 
I love my bed  Goodnight!
Goodnight all 
Finally home and now time for bed. Goodnight 
weekend's over...Goodnight world  ...about to hit the sack...
has had enough of studying. It's time to hit the bed and get proper rest before tomorrow's paper. Goodnight everyone 
Goodnight 
Goodnight tweeterbugs!!  I'm going to sleep!! 
@thejessicadrake Wow theyre getting obnoxious towards you! They just want you to notice them! Its cute! Goodnight j thanks 4 the chats 
Goodnight my followers. 
I'm a &quot;nightaholic&quot;, as the Q-ster says.   Goodnight!
Getting ready for bed. Goodnight evrybdy 
just finished her paper and is going to bed. Goodnight! 
Goodnight tweet world. goals for tomorrow: be less of a consumer and to be more happy with who and what I have now 
Goodnight from the land down under tweeple! 
@jaygifford Goodnight 
Going to bed. Goodnight guys 
Heading off to bed... Goodnight peeps 
@craigsbeardwax Goodnight 
Goodnight, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite! 
Goodnight 
says ok, going to  bed. Goodnight!  http://plurk.com/p/pavmh
Goodnight everyone  tweet you later!!!
Goodnight 
@KyleHD I love that movie!!! Goodnight. 
im so sleepy, im going to sleep now. Goodnight; &amp; i updated my blogspot 
And now I will finally add to the three hours of sleep I got last night.  Goodnight, all.
@IAMtheCOMMODORE Goodnight 
Goodnight danny, sweet dreams to you also 
Goodnight!! I know I ain't update 2day, BUT in my defense I have been a little busy with white boys!!  LOL. I'll start again 2morrow!!
I'm downing cranberry juice like its my lifeline..  maybe I'll see a doc tomorrow just for you scooter... Goodnight Tweetah's 
Goodnight world see you when i arise to the sunlight beaming down on me 
Goodnight everyone. 
Goodnight twitter, sweet dreams everyone! 
@glamourdolleyes oh I'm so excited!!! Goodnight  &lt;3
Goodnight world 
Goodnight to everyone who's going to bed  it's 8:05am here xoxo
Going to sleep, I am exhausted today...Goodnight tweetlebugs 
Then, there's you. Goodnight. 
Goodnight everyone! work in the am! 
Goodnight, world. 
So.... Goodnight Twitterites! 
Goodnight everyone 
Goodnight world 
Goodnight 
Right signing off now. Goodnight all 
Goodnight...finally! 
I had a full day and I'm so ready to go to bed! Goodnight all! 
is in bed staring at the clock! I need the sleep! Why can't i fall asleep? It's frustrating. . . Goodnight everyone! 
I think it might actually be my bedtime, since I might go to church in the morning... Goodnight everyone 
Goodnight. 
Oh what an amazing night  Goodnight!!
Goodnight 
Goodnight twitts...long day is over.  time to fall into a deep sleep and wake up refreshed and ready to see my silly.  
I have to love you and leave you. Goodnight twearth! 
Off to sleep!  I need my 4 hours of sleepy time!    Goodnight twitterland!
Going to bed. Goodnight Twitterians!  Xox.
@chelsealynn818 Goodnight my lovely! 
Just beat my husband at wii boxing and now am ready for bed! Goodnight!!! 
Goodnight lovely people. 
Goodnight everyone 
Going to bed. Goodnight world 
spending the night at a friend's house....Goodnight 
@SecretLifeFAN22 Goodnight 
Goodnight everyone... 
I'm gonna finish watching tough love and then go to bed. Goodnight everyone!! 
Its time for sleeeeeepies. Goodnight twitterverse.  http://mypict.me/tmp
Goodnight everyone.. 
I had a amazing day ! I hope you guys had a good day to. Goodnight 
I'll censor this tweet... Goodnight 
Goodnight. I hope you sleep well. I love you guys.  grace and peace.
Goodnight yall!!! I hope u got nice dreams tonight... 
Goodnight 
Goodnight! 
I've made a lot of progress but i have a lot of work to do! Goodnight twitter say your prayers 
Goodnight all 
Going to sleep. Finally. Goodnight 
Goodnight everyone, sweet dreams. 
just got home from a meeting with the girls... Maaaaaan I'm exhausted!! Goodnight world 
Late news then it's off for some much needed zzzzzzz.......Goodnight Tweets. 
@arhh_ Goodnight 
@Souljaboytellem Goodnight lolsz 
Going to bed  Goodnight  xox
Sleeeeeeeepy.... I'm off... Goodnight twitterverse! 
Goodnight all 
@thebadhousewife  Goodnight.
Going to bed. Goodnight!  x
Goodnight 
is going to drink a mojito and lay down to watch movies with my hubby. Goodnight fellow tweeters 
Goodnight tweeps.  
says it's late. Goodnight people! 
@james_a_michael i plan on it! Goodnight 
Goodnight peoples! 
@polyzzz Goodnight and sweet dreams to you also 
Goodnight fellow twitters and tj ststas 
@SFOBear Goodnight!!!!!! 
Goodnight; 
Goodnight world and all who inhabit it! 
going to sleep now! Goodnight twitter! 
Goodnight 
Goodnight twitterworld. I'll tweet y'all later.  Goodnight, J. 
Ah, finally at home in my comfy bed. Goodnight 
At home about to go to sleep! Goodnight twitter world! 
okay okay sleep for realz now! Goodnight!  ::waves to followers::
I'm done for now. I need sleep. Goodnight everyone. 
@ReyCz me too, but I'm just straight up going to bed... Goodnight! 
is actually going to try and go to bed now... how do I let this stuff keep me up like this every night??!!  Goodnight!
Goodnight 
Goodnight. 
is really sleepy! Goodnight! 
i am going to kick my brother's ass &amp; then i am going to bed.  Goodnight!
It's like 12:15 so I'm going to bed now. Goodnight to all! 
Goodnight twitts 
Going to bed.  Goodnight, sleep tight, sweet dreams and have a pleasant tomorrow &lt;33
@AlexAllTimeLow Goodnight. 
@satisfymysoul Goodnight 
Off to bed twitzerz!! Goodnight 
Goodnight. 
is going to bed. Goodnight world! 
Some yoga before bed has me feelin' good.  Goodnight.
Is addicted to diet dr pepper. Goodnight 
just checked my site stats before bed.  I feel so appreciated   Goodnight, all 18 of my readers!
Goodnight world 
Goodnight to all my new &amp; faithful followers!!! hugs* sleeps well!! 
Goodnight twitter world, see you on the flip side! 
@mothman Lol  Goodnight!
I'm going to sleep. @teenfun101 is next to me. I miss @chelsey_taylor to death. I love her more than anything. Goodnight 
@jlieu Goodnight girly! 
Having a really good week!  Goodnight, i hope everyone's enjoying their week! D
@StDAY Goodnight, M!  
Goodnight everyone  &lt;3
Goodnight all 
Goodnight twitters  tomorrows friday for me. Yay for three day weekends.
Needing sleep... can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight all 
Goodnight from me. I hope your day is tops, and not bottoms 
Goodnight to those I am following, and to those who are following me. 
What an amazing, life changing night. I love the world!! Goodnight 
I'm done y'all. Goodnight 
Goodnight! 
I have been up allday so i'm going to go to bed so i can wake up and go shopping tomrrow. Goodnight 
Goodnight, people 
@isweatbutter Goodnight, sweetie. 
Thanks for all the standup views/ratings/comments!! http://bit.ly/CCeOd  Goodnight &amp; goodGITe. 
I had soo much fun today. Goodnight 
@Imissyourobot BaHaha oh giraffe, lol! Goodnight sydneyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
Going to bed. Goodnight all 
Goodnight! 
Goodnight 
Goodnight folks, tweet you tomorrow when I have my shoes! 
@MikeandToneRP Lol. Goodnight... 
@xmannyboix omv what the hell r you doing up????? I'm off .. Goodnight 
Goodnight world,and all who inhabit it 
Goodnight or morning I need to get some rest and some reading done. I might be too tired to read. 
@AlyssaNoelle88 saying goodnight to 3 random pol and ur number 1  Goodnight
So comfy  Goodnight!
@withlove87 Goodnight. 
says oh, its almost midnight ) Goodnight everyone  http://plurk.com/p/udr8b
Goodnight to all those going to bed. 
Goodnight world. I'm so lucky. 
This weekend was great. Goodnight. 
Goodnight 
@PUSHAQ Goodnight 
Goodnight! 
@bailar_vivir Goodnight.  
Goodnight all.  ? http://blip.fm/~6iiak
Goodnight tweople! 
Still cant get over how epic 21st century breakdown is! Goodnight now 
Just sayin' it seems that we're having earthquakes more often... Makes sense to me- anyone else?! Goodnight tweets!! 
Goodnight everyone 
Finally passing out from this wonderful day I love her  Goodnight all
@zeryck Goodnight ! 
Goodnight my twitters 
I am going to bed. Goodnight everyone!! I love you all!!! 
I am off to bed. Goodnight or good day everyone. 
@shaunmichaelb haha oh well :p Goodnight  x
Goodnight to All 
Goodnight twitterworld! And sweet dreams. 
@QUiN_NappyBoy Goodnight, bro!   
Goodnight 
I love amazing things.  Goodnight twitter critters! 
Goodnight everyone ! 
Goodnight world   - B
Finally going to sleep after a long day of studying! Goodnight 
Now, i'm ready to sleep, tomorrow i will wake up early, the school is waiting for me  so Goodnight
@michellelleeeyy Goodnight! sweetdreams! 
Fixing to go to bed. Goodnight 
Goodnight tweeties. 
Goodnight all 
Goodnight twitterverse full of my lovely twatters 
Goodnight! tomorrow everyone has to keep me company at the beachhhhh! 
Goodnight my lil pussy fart 
otherwise i like the little twist in the end. i am so tired now, Goodnight 
Goodnight to all, and to all a good night 
Tired. Goodnight! 
Goodnight 
I made it home safe!!!! Goodnight twit fam!!!! 
Success! I can go to bed now. Goodnight/morning 
'Twas a great day! Goodnight world! 
I really need to go now. Goodnight twitter world! hugs&amp;xx 
Goodnight.looking forward to tomorrow!! 
Goodnight twitterlulu ;)  good morning east-coast twittefam 
mmmmmm excited for tomorrow   Goodnight Tweetheart xo
@WomenCan absolutely! Goodnight 
Goodnight everyone! 
Goodnight ?? 
Thanks to that someone, this day was perfect! ;) Goodnight! 
Goodnight everybody....I NEED sleep!!!!  Muahz!
Ugh. I need to sleep. Goodnight. 
Packing done in record time! Now sleepy time! Goodnight! 
It was a nice day on set for the soap opera!! I have an audition tomorrow, wish me luck!!! Goodnight twitters  xoxoxo
Goodnight to you tweeters you!  
I think that's all for now... Goodnight for real, twitterland!! 
Going to bed now ladies. Goodnight. 
@GABBYiSACTiVE Goodnight sweet dreams! 
@LionofJudahllc Didnt forget about you, Goodnight. 
Goodnight ppl  http://yfrog.com/5fq53j
Goodnight everyone.  x
Goodnight world! haha I might go to bed I'll have to force myself 
Goodnight!!! 
Up early tomorrow. Last open home. Goodnight 
5-4-3-2-1... Goodnight! 
Goodnight wifey. Goodnight Zalamander. I luvs you both very much 
Goodnight twittersphere its time for a wonderful night with my boyfriend sleep i love him 
@steph_davies Goodnight buddyyy. 
Is cuddling with my puggies! Goodnight 
Goodnight! 
Goodnight 
Going to bed now.  Goodnight everyone. I hope tomorrow goes well!
Goodnight my friends. 
Goodnight.  ? http://blip.fm/~73x4z
@harrrykins I'm going to head to my boudoir now. I think I am sufficiently sleepy. Goodnight and we'll tweet tomorrow. 
Goodnight everyone, love and light to you 
Goodnight twitter .. and everyone else 
Goodnight sweet twitter hope all you dreams come true. Haha. 
Goodnight!  ily my crackberry
Goodnight 
Goodnight and goodbye 
Goodnight everyone  sweet dreams. xo
Goodnight all! 
Goodnight my fellow twitterers!!!  I &lt;3 you all!!! 
Goodnight followers!... them frosted flakes were bomb  KISSES :-*
I'm getting tired early tonight... I'm going to go to bed soon... Goodnight 
About to pass out. I guess I should probably update this stuff more often. I'll try harder. Haha. Goodnight tweet. 
Goodnight 
Goodnight, twitterverse 
@junkyardmessiah I'm sure you have better sense than to go over to random twitterer's homes.  Goodnight.
Goodnight 
Goodnight people,  see yaa
Goodnight @VulvaLoveLovely 
Goodnight 
off to bed. Goodnight! 
@GuitarLove08 Goodnight!!! 
@30SECONDSTOMARS OK! I'm anxious to know! Goodnight J! 
Goodnight. 
I will force my brain to have nice dreams today. Goodnight twitter. 
Going to sleep. Goodnight to all my followers 
Just got off the phone with my best friend.  Goodnight, all.
Goodnight world 
grease is the word haha. Goodnight twitter 
Goodnight   ? http://blip.fm/~78q19
@CrazyBliss Goodnight 
Goodnight / day tweeple.  I'm off to enjoy some tweet dreams 
Goodnight loves 
Goodnight everyone  http://tinyurl.com/d3u8w6
Goodnight tweeties 
about to go to sleep. Goodnight. 
Goodnight 
@xCraziiChiicax Goodnight 
Goodnight...I had a great day!ended my night with a smile...ohh man he make me feel so good! 
Goodnight 
Goodnight 
Goodnight everyone 
@madonnamike Goodnight and sweet dreams to ya! 
Goodnight 
I had the most amazing day with my long, lost friend and now i'm seriously going to bed. Goodnight all 
Going to bed.  Goodnight, everyone. 
Goodnight folks ill tell you tomorrow how I had fun 
Goodnight world 
@jlshack I read two hundred pages.  I would have texted but I didn't want to wake you. Goodnight you. And goodnight world.
@rondathezombie haha you're correct  Goodnight lady
