Most common words for this cluster:
[('good', 923), ('morning', 922), ('day', 165), ('i', 112), ('today', 93), ('everyone', 83), ('hope', 57), ('work', 42), ('amp', 34), ('twitter', 34), ('night', 32), ('afternoon', 31)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Good', 0.7961605191230774), (u'Morning', 0.7600677013397217), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.621685802936554), (u'Stephen_Berend_Savannah', 0.6082465052604675), (u'Gossip_Roundup', 0.5960882306098938), (u'FOXRAD_Forecast', 0.5938842296600342), (u'Severe_Storms_Possible', 0.5816523432731628), (u'Dawg_Bites', 0.5757876038551331), (u'Good_Things_Happen', 0.5755735039710999), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.5665895938873291)]





Good Morning...just found out I need to have a wisdom tooth out 
http://twitpic.com/2ya1c - Good F'in Morning  Springtime my ass. Global warming?! Suck it!
Good Morning...I got asian bangs and I dont love them....I dont think 
Good Morning Amy!  Your snow going away yet?  I can't deal with budgets &amp; numbers this early in the morning at work....... 
Good Morning Twitterbugs! Not feeling too well today....went to Margaritaville last night to party...should I say more? 
Good Morning! Looks like a perfectly awesome day in Long Beach for racing!! But..I won't be there!  I'll be hanging @ the hotel....blah!!
Good Morning! what a nice day in the A. I'm on the phone paying bills right now &amp; emptying out my bank account 
Good Afternoon.....hope everyone's day is going well....gotta work on such a pretty day AGAIN ugh...  i'll be fine i guess...lol
Good Morning.. well after noon. I feel all stuffy and congested  Seeing my uncle who I haven't seen in about 10 years today...
Good turn out. Evening plans might have gone south 
Good Morning to you all! Looks like it may be another nice sunny day!  I won't see much of it though! Dang this uni work! 
Good Morning everyone! I've had another exciting but exausting wkend! Lots of dancing n grinding + alcohol! Now I feel miserable! 
Good Morning! It's a nice morning for taking nature pics, but unfortunately, I've got laundry to do. 
Good Morning Everyone!!! UGH, its a nice day and where am i going... to work! 
Good Morning Twitterland!! Its going on 8 here my daughter woke me up @ 7 after a busy day and late night yesterday! 
Good (Rainy) Morning, Tweeple! 
Good Morning! Its a beautiful day, too bad I'm gonna be spending the majority of it studying for an exam. 
Good Morning! I Slept Like S Last Night  I just hope I can make it my mom's church in time
Good Morning. Coffee and emails again. The Berry is going to hospital today, he is sick  so I will have to do it all from the MAC.
Good Morning Twitters.  Start of another long week.  Oh how I love Monday mornings 
Good Morning! Not so good for me I have a headache 
Good Morning .... heading out for lunch today on my last day off before i go back to school tomorrow and then A Levels are 3weeks away 
@trendebarbie7 Good Morning Island It's raining here too.  Have a great day &amp; be safe.
@vyzion360 Good Morning to you!  Thanks for sharing with us, it's grey and rainy and cold where I am today 
Good Morning all... very wet and rainy day here in Southern Ontario  http://bitly.com/5Gheh
Good Morning!  Off work today...in the pouring rain   
Good Morning!! I'm going to go make some pancakes...since no one ever writes to me on here, i may as well delete my account 
Good Morning twitter fam..... i managed to sleep last night.... but i totally dont feel any better than when i went to bed 
Good Morning Tweeties  Nice weather again! For three weeks now ... and the summer will be rainy! 
Good Morning tweetworld,bit dull out there today 
Good Morning y'all... / not feeling very well / think i'm coming down with a cold. 
@SoloRunner Good Morning. Just off to the dentist on way to work 
Good Morning! Were'd the sunshine go 
Good Morning Twitterbugs. I just got a call from my son. He is now in Marine bootcamp. U could hear the sgts yelling n the background 
Good Morning. Just got my baby ready to go and I'm goin back to sleep because I don't have class 2day. But I do go to work @ 9 
Good Morning All, have tummy ache today, 
#flylady Good Morning! ds's had me up at 7  dh working today, so it's just us 3.  french toast &amp; bacon has been consumed by all,
Good Morning Twibulous Ones.....Its my Monday. @ work  this concentration camp ass place smh. Haha that's y I get off early @ 4:30 ; )
Good Morning everyone!  I wake up to yet another day of coughing, plus my daughter has a fever, yay! 
Good Morning flat tire.  
Good Morning All. Running off to the gym ... the stepper doesn't have the view of the ocean like last week. 
my day off..and I can't even sleep in. My body officially has gone APE shit....Good Morning  bleh.
Good Morning ;) I'm so fu**ing tired...Can I go to bed again please? 
Good Morning...Good Morning.... Is ready for a Work Filled day ....On a sunday  and didnt enjoy the fire alarm at 5.30..could be worse. xx
@dannywood No Good Morning from Danny yet?  Its only 4am here and I woke up just to see my morning twitter from you!...and the addict's!
Good Morning Tweets!!! Finals start tomorrow which means a day full of studying 
Good Morning Neverland.  Rain here too 
Good Monday  Morning
Up early cause I feel sick again    Good Morning My Twitts and Twatts!!
@Twiter_ME_This ...Good Morning...missed u this weekend 
Good Morning... Just saw on the news theres an accident on 101   its gonna take me FOREVER to get to work
Good Morning everyone! We r on our way to do a few errands before heading to the airport so me &amp; J can fly home  
Good Morning! My baby is sick! Want to stay home with her but have to go to work so Daddy is staying with her. 
Good Morning!  juzt woke up, and discovered that i have a lot of frans homework that i forgot 
Good Morning World.  Taking Chase back this morning  !  Pick him up Friday and off to the BEACH!  Hope his mom stays away from Jeff.
Good Morning All :* .. My eyes looks ill =\ 
Good Morning All- had some sleep last night and gr8ful my boys are on the mend- what a long 10 days its been. Now it is rainy out 
Good Morning! Not sure if my body is exhausted from bootcamp or too much pasta at Tracy's but I'm just waking up..been hitting the snooze 
@Hollywood_Trey Good Morning. Hmmm don't know how I am since u put me on blast 
Good Morning Twitters..!!  In College...!!  Hating mmy Accounting Teacher..!! 
Good Morning. It's thursday. It's not short sorry.  
Good Morning People. Had my coffee, made pancakes for the boys, and now I need a shower. Jeff is leaving me today 
I feel tired  and don't wanna go to QU!  Good Morning Tweets.
I feel tired  and don't wanna go to QU! Good Morning Tweets.
Good Morning World its a great day to living, pity we all cannot  hehe
Good Morning! ...HUNGRY!!!... still cant belive that Germany is only #20 ... 
I am finally home from my night out. It was fun fun &amp; bitter sweet   Everyone got home safe. Good night or shall I say Good Morning..hehe
@DebbieFletcher Good Morning  How r u today?lol i want bac to brasil but i can not 
Good Morning all! It's actually Good Night for me! Just got off work from working night shift for 12 hours! Miss the fellas! 
Good Morning!  I have to work all day today! 
maximo park in liverpool were IMMENSE! sad the weekend's over and had to say bye to rich  working on Good Morning Wales now - lil sleepy!
Good Morning everyone...its raining AGAIN today 
@xklamation &quot;Good Morning&quot; prog not on until 10.30-12.00, try again then.  Wish I was techy-literate to record and put online, sorry  
says Good Morning!!! Mini vacation finally over for me  http://plurk.com/p/uijtt
@workingnana Good Morning! I hope it is beautiful day for you! I think it is suppose to rain today 
Good Morning! Well, no dreams but he was still the first thing I thought of. 
Good Morning all! School...then home today! Track is over 
Good Morning Everyone someone please tell me it's not Monday morning and I don't have work 
Good Morning Tweeps! Stiff knee, swollen ankle, horrible cold and insomnia. Maybe not so good morning then. Boo! 
Good Morning.. Back to work 
Good Morning! I had a really great weekend @soulb, @rukuslive, @onimartin, @cashless but now back to a long wrk wk 
Good Morning.. Time to get ready 4 work 
@ColorBakery @bruxedo @Tymlee @Marge_Inovera Good Morning! My cat is having her kittens right now so far she had 3 one looks paralyzed 
Good Monday Morning  I HATE Mondays......oh well
Good Morning...  it is Monday, and i am late.  ugh....  
Good Morning Twitterboos! I don't feel so well! 
Good Monday Morning!!!...can't believe the weekend is over already 
Good Morning Twitterverse. *phew* I am exhausted after this weekend at Zompire. My day job is depressing me and making me more tired. 
I missed almost the entire hockey game.....   must've slipped into a coma earlier @tat2dsteelergal  Good Morning!
@DracoRigel Good Morning to you. No sun here today I am afraid, its rainng  But got my coffee ;)
@OhDatsBeezy  Good Morning, can you believe its still raining here 
@LadyWino1998 Good Morning to both of u! .. it's gonna be a nice day but I did not sleep well.. 
Good Morning! I can't believe our vacation ends tomorrow 
Good Morning!! I just woke up. I have a terrible headache 
@breedimetria awwww the baby sick!!!  Good Morning!
Good Morning World!! Today's a wonderful day.. simply b/c I woke up! [but my throat still hurts!]  But no pain... no gain! ha!
Good Morning...its Friday..and I still haven't done laundry 
Good Morning twitterland. I feel ewww from my tummy no more gray goose for me. 
Good Morning my sweet tweets! Hope everyone is feeling as great as I am even though boo is leaving me for the weekend  I'll miss u boo!
Good Morning Richmond, maybe we'll meet again some day. 
Good Morning campers, I'm not a happy bear this morning, had an awful dream during the night, &amp; am v worried. 
Good Morning, it's beautiful here today. Shame I'm going to spend most of the day being an unpaid taxi driver. 
Good Morning Every1!!! Its gorgeous out again n im stuck in work  Wish i was at home chillin out.. Hopefully tha day goes quick  doh !!
Good Morning Twitts! Another GloOmy day in NYC! 
Good Morning Folks 13 more days to go! and sadly 2 more days of the Giro  but that means the Tour is not too far away
@wendilynnmakeup Good Morning! It's been a while since I've &quot;talked&quot; to you   - Keep up the awesome tweets.
Good Morning  Sorry @goldi_m fell off asleep with my laptop on 
@geesmyangel Hey,Thanks I hope too .Exams were went  lol.Good Morning as well.I hope everything is good  xoxo
I totally missed my Vegasversary  It was April 13. Bad Fan  ::smack:: Good Morning
Home.....blah...Good Morning!.....Wishing i was in California!! 
@amp451 Good Morning. Not doing so well  How are ya doing?
Good Morning! Garage sale day... So tired right now. 
Good Morning! yesterday just got home beween 6:20 and 6:30 PM and class starts in 1 day! Why does my life have to be like this? 
says Good Afternoon!  Karma Down (tears) http://plurk.com/p/xbznf
Good Morning! Who bloody works on a Sunday? Me  Feelin tired and pissed off cuz its an amazing sunny day outside and didnt sleep much!
@RCantiques @tomjudy Good Morning! sounds painful judy  Do you all notice anything that is selling better then other things
Good Morning   Time to do, Jasmines nappy head! What fun! 
Good Morning. so gutting back to college tomorrow 
Good Morning to you my lovely ladies. (via @SashaKane): only the ladies~~you're breaking my heart 
Good Morning Tweeter Fam! I'm Sick Again  I hope I can feel better ina fews days
Good Morning my tweeps....just woke up...still sleepy...hella 4got that my sis is gone    sad....the sun is actually shining today too
Good Morning Twitterland! Heading off to the gym. Have 2 get my steps in for the Global Challenge &amp; for my team. Not so great for 2 days 
Good Morning!  Floor Calls this am at the ofc  then off to show property!  Full Day Hope your is fantastico!!
@bigred2381 Good Morning. Sorry for Cavs 
Good Morning amazing day here in Toronto! Sun, blue sky &amp; happy to be allive! Pearl's not here to make tea &amp; still no twitter avitar 
Good Morning.  A few of us are at the office updating the website and the office systems   So tired but the show must go on.
Good Morning Everyone...I hope you all had a gr8 weekend. ARGH 1st day of Winter and its freeeezzzziiiinnngggg 
Good Morning,Off to work 
Good Morning  Magisa lan ako sa haws whole day!  http://plurk.com/p/xidn9
@ahmednaguib Good Morning...it's a typical Monday  Sleepy at work..
Good.... Afternoon? *yawn* I have to do the laundry pa before I go to work 
@amon91 Good Morning! I failed in the referral contest 
@Lore1 Good Morning Lore, was it you who just talked on Joe FM???  I Listen to the straem but can't understand anything  Congratulations!
I hate Mondays.....I hate getting up early.... Good Morning 
Good Morning Twitterverse!!! Just woke up with pancakes on the brain! That's a mess right!  lol
Good Morning Friends!  Going to the dentist this morning, as soon as I return I will be working on site not finished as expected 
@anacazallas @Kaysis_bcn @SandralovesDW Good Morning Blockheads!! whta's up.. workyeah .. i'll the in my job in 5 hours 
Good Morning everyone!! Looks like I have a long day ahead of me...and it's not looking too good already.. I'm late 
Good Morning!!! Wishing it wasnt raining. 
@markhoppus Good Morning Mark! My last night's dream: nothing 
Good Morning Tweeters.  Today I have so much work to do...but I only want to write poetry   Have at least 4 poemss swirling in my head.
Good Morning and Hello to all my new friends! Still reeling from a horrible allergic reaction yesterday. Trying to see the Dr. today. 
Good Morning. Had a dream about an ex crush.... Makes me feel guilty.  should i tell him the dream?
Good Morning. Had a dream about an ex crush.... Makes me feel guilty.  should I tell him the dream?
Watched &quot;Spice World&quot; on Saturday. I forgot how much I miss my platform sneakers.  Good Morning Twitter...
@OriginalNajeema Good Morning! I guess we missed each other at the cookout yesterday  2x in a week. Sidebar: What's a motel 6?
Good Morning!Gloomy day in the bay  so i will work out all day...but FIRST...mani/pedi an a massage! I gotta feel cute while im workin out
Good Morning! I was going to go to the pool but it is storming 
Good Morning :-h woke up early. Six more days 'till school 
Good Morning freaks, it was a nice 7 hours of sleep but I am craving a bit more! I don't want to go get ready for work 
Good Morning, swiming class was @_@ 
Good Morning, I think I have overdone it with the personal trainer thingy, I hurt this morning 
@jaybranch Good Morning to you i feel so sorry for anyone stuck in an #office today  hopefully you can get long lunch
Good Morning!  Looks like more rain today   but I have 4th Row WWE tickets to giveaway with the lyrical challenge - also summer bash!
Good Morning Twitter World... I'm still sick 
Good Morning... School.  Ewww. I was in a good mood untii came on here ((((((( I hate people. Ugh!
Good Morning ! Off to work, rolled out of bed this morning bc I woke up with a sore back  ugh
Good Morning! Do you know what day it is in &quot;America . . . TODAY!&quot; ?  - it's National Neil Diamond Day! &amp; I didn't get him anything   #fb
Good Morning everyone ! It's cloudy up here, like my mood   I backed my car into a pole yesterday - $3775 first quote,  OUCH.Im an idiot!
@jordanknight Good Morning to u too!  I think we tinked at the same time lol!  Didn't get much sleep...bc @jonathanrknight made me sad 
Good Morning twiggas!! Damn I feel like shit 
Good Morning..I am officially a bum! No work, no money 
Good Morning! couldnt sleep well last night 
Good Morning! Ive starving but ive got to wait 'til mamsfinished drying her hair 
Good Morning World  It looks a little darker a lot more windy and a lot less sunny here in Norwich this moring  Where has summer gone 
Good Morning! It doesn't seem as sunny today. 
Goodnight Pansies!! I Hope I Feel Better in The Morning 
Good Morning tweeps! Busy day yesterday.. had no time for twiiter  Back today
Good Morning! Even though looking outside maybe it's not so good, where has the sun gone!  Good luck @_tanyya with resit T&amp;T exam x
Good Morning/noon/night/evening/late evening LOL I have the dentist today  I might have to get stupid braces but If I do u know am gettin
@polka_ Good Afternoon Lady! I feel sorry abt the demise of your Grandaunt! 
Good Morning fellow tweeters .... LOndon aint that sunny today no more...  ;(
Good Morning everyone, I have a finals all this week 
Good Morning. Leaving for my 830am pro am here in Springfield. Its raining!   #ng
Tweet,tweet,TWEET!!! Good Morning...just got back fron the gym, about to hop in the shower and get ready for work..and it's gonna be 90 
I feel like I slept with a freight train on my back. Good Morning Twitters. I'm sore as hell 
@dray_ozonemag lol, Good Morning 2 u 2 man I feel u, I can't do power naps, I jus don't get sleep lol went to bed at 1 and got up at 5 
@bizziefan Morning Bizz.  Good for you.  I slept like crap again last night, more tossing and turning than dreaming of hot soap men 
Good Morning! Wanting a free donut for national donut day but trying to behave so maybe ill go get oatmeal instead 
@guapomole Good Morning. I am now sad, as well. I was looking forward to some good pics 
Good Morning people! hope everyone has a lovely day today?! Katie and Peter - you guys are so funny on stateside, shame your split now 
Good Morning. Still raining... 
Good Morning everyone..... it was an interesting morning... a morning without #Twitter 
Good Morning people, shitty weather here, must go out in rain now to let chooks out 
Good Morning! Gosh i'm so tired 
Good Morning People i am dying from hunger here 
Good Morning World, mmm Saturday no work! but its rainy  darn looks like my car wash is off  WUSS UP!
@TheDeerTree Good Morning. Sorry you have to work today. Don't envy you that 
says Good Morning everyone! What a orrible wet day!  http://plurk.com/p/ytyt3
Good Morning! Up early, about to go check out my g-neph get shredded on the field!! I'm so hungry though 
Good Morning Twitterland. What's on the agenda for the weekend? Me.... a wedding 
Good Morning EAST COAST!!!!!!!!!! IT'S 72 and cloudy no beach today  however it might be a good day to go catch the Hangover.
Good Morning Czech Republic now It's 5:17 AM  and I'm so very tired 
Good Morning! Tweeting after almost a day 
Good Morning!!!! And it's the same shitty weather as yesterday! Ugh! 
@cavorting @Applecored Good Morning guys! No plans today - weather is overcast and dull with drizzle  Sunday papers is in order!
Good Morning Tweeple! It's another rainy &amp; dull day so far  I want the sun back!
Good Morning! Don't want to do anything today  I'm in a bad boring mood!
Overall I've had a good wkend even tho I AM at work now!  I shall have 3 days off next wekend so cant complain! Good Morning!
Good Morning, I just came back from the Vet.,but I have to go back at 4:00 to pick my baby up. I miss him already!  
Good Morning Twitter!  Going to Allison's house in a little bit to study for finalsss 
ok...so, I really hate cars (at least mine)...they are nothing but trouble  And Good Morning world...
Anyone catch Good Morning America featuring Main Street Greenville this a.m., I didn't get up int time 
Good Afternoon!  Still sick - actually feeling worse 
Good Morning Everyone -.- I still have to go school but it's holidays you know! 
Good Morning! time to get ready for work!!  i'd rather tweet but hey!
Good Morning! I want to sleep! I'm not much better today 
Good Morning! Busy busy times today, v busy. Urrrgh. 
Awwww nooo...  Good Morning!
Good Morning! I woke up at 3 a.m. &amp; couldn't sleep, went to check everyone's tweets &amp; my account was locked out   I'm finally back now!
Good Morning everyone! Monday again..  but i hope everyone has a good one! &lt;3
Ugh! Good Morning. 
Good Morning my tweets.....its my last wk at my current job 
@A_Montenegro Good Morning. Sorry to hear about your leg 
Good Morning. Hope everyone had a great weekend. Not ready to go back to work but I guess we don't have a choice 
Good Morning! OK, this is our last morning in DC. Planned to visit Arlington, &amp; a few more places, but Josie woke up barfing. 
@girlrokkstarr Good Morning madam... Its raining here too! Uggggh. 
Good Morning All, its a rain 2day in Trinidad... 
Good Morning Twitterville! Another rain fulled day in NYC  but the show must go on!
@Mennard  Good Afternoon, will probably have to go to meet my daughter from work later, she`s petrified of lightning too 
Good Morning my twiggaz. I'm on this bridge about to b in Bk. Its nice outside too bad I'll b at work 
Good Morning Everyone!!....my day looks like a cloudy/rainy one 
Good Morning... up already... and I already have to get ready to go out... let me be people.... arghhhh just wanna stay home today ..... 
Good Morning!! and Goodnight lol I'm still tired 
Good Morning, no results today  However I did get another appt with the surgeon on 24th June. Maybe he'll have answers
Watchin Good Morning America, would go good with a cup of coffee. 
Good Morning peoples, I missed McDonalds breakfast! 
&quot;Good....Morning.......BAYSIDE,........&quot; lol Saved by the bell   morning twitterbugs!
Good Morning...at work  Listening to Kanye's Graduation album...Singing &quot;Everything I'm not...made me everything I am...&quot; Come on 6:30...
Good Morning! i really dont want to studyy 
@slimthugga Good Morning! Ya kinfolk @RONALD_METOYER came thru da club last night and had that Patron flowwwing. I'm so sick @ work 
Good Morning twitter-land I'm half awake right now but I'll be back in a bit. Going to eat breakfast but I also want to go bad to bed! 
Gooood Afternoon. I can't even wake up and say Good Morning, because it's not the morning when I wake up. 
Good Morning Twits  Mommy Laurie @boomkack is leaving us this morning  gonna miss her but holdin it down while she's gone :-D
Good Morning World!!! I have a feeling todays isn't going to go very well!! 
Good Morning my Twitter friends looking far to bright in the Cotswolds. Migraine is diminishing but still there  Sunglasses needed today.
Good Morning...today is the Hell Day in school.I'll be there from 11:30 to 20:00 Ugh...  Wish me luck to come back in one peace 
I don't know what to do of feel anymore. =/ But what I do know is feeling like this sucks!  Good Morning?
seeing Kings of Leon this evening at the o2, not even that excited. Nothing ever goes right for me    meh.kiewjfnfm. Good Morning.
@blueeyezbaby   I tried to DM you &quot;Good Morning&quot; I didnt realize you werent following me, I will do the same if thats what you want? 
Good Morning Tweeple, on way to work and Im so mad I left my Purpose of Driven Life at home! 
Good Morning Twitterville! Hope everyone has a terrific Tuesday! My date is canceled for tomorrow, he has a job interview out of town. 
@nia5463 Good Morning...and No I have Not.  I need to...so much to do, so little time!    How have you been?
@dtagurit Good Morning my twin... have a nice run..how far are we going??  I must wait until this evening to run..late, like 9pm.  
Good Morning World!   More Coffee PLEASE seeing as how my 1 a.m. dose of Benadryl hasn't worn off... 
Good Morning everyone...today is so beautiful! Worried about my senior mare, her knee has swelled up and looks awful, but not limping. 
@djonpoint Good Morning..babes...im sick 
Good Morning twitter fam wen am I gonna wake up n the sun is beaming thru my window?!? Waiting on that real summer weather!!! 
Ugh. Good Morning! Today is our killer day. I don't get to spend time with my man till late tonight. 
Good Afternoon juss woke up (: and now cleaning my room. . . .  ahh im so tired 
@SandiMon Good Morning - hope you're feeling better.  BTW not going  .. possible stalker sent weird messages again overnight.
Good Morning, breakfast is calling my name. Then work, work, work, work, work. 
Feeling fluey. Got Hue-style spicy beef soup (amazing) from Good Morning Saigon, but they don't do cafe den (black coffee) 
hello twitteverse, I am alive!! gotta run, clients  no DM from @JonathanRKnight I see, ho hum.  Good Morning to all my girls, back soon !
says Good Morning.  It's very wet and windy here today  http://plurk.com/p/11kf40
Good Morning...its early as shit!  but I'm on the way to the A to see my baby!!!
@Greg888 Good Morning, No must do some &quot;work&quot; today 
Good Morning! Sistertime is over..taking them to the airport...they're so sad to leave me... 
Good Morning !  Yeahh. Just getting ready for school. 
Good Morning Tweets! Weather isnt looking good today! 
Good Morning Twitter People! I really miss @domsmommy11 
Good Morning Twitterville  Normally after a night when I don't sleep then I sleep late 
Good Morning!!! Today is my Monday...  I actually enjoyed my off days!!! Ready to get this week started so I can get it over with!
@MissD757 Good Morning woman, did you ever see @sneakermike lol. I think he went to sleep when i did. Aww he knows i sleep drive 
Good Morning.....I really wanted a hash brown this am from McD...but they quit serving in 15 min 
Still trying but not working.  Anywayz. Good Morning L.A...Hope your night was better than mine...Let's make it a productive one!
Good Morning, my teeth still aching 
Good Morning world!, its still dark, gloomy and raining here in joisey 
Good Morning! This weather is horrible 
Good Morning World! I detest school.... it seriously needs to like go die. I failed a math test... and I'll probably fail the final too 
Good Morning, it's 12:40, time 2 get up &amp; get ready 4 my date! There r men outside my window bangin while trying to fix d roof! NOISE 
Good Morning.....&quot;today is going to be a great, productive day&quot; despite the fact it is raining yet again!!! 
Good Morning Twitter, im a bit irritated but it will be ok 
Good Morning/Afternoon my tweeps! Back at work today 
Good Morning Twitter Freaks! 2 more days and my little girl is no longer in 5th grade  Next year she will be in junior high... dang!!!
@growline Good Morning! It was a really bad start today for me... 
Good Morning #madrugadores!! I predict another day powered by coffee 
Good Morning... I'm so tired... but it's friday... Anyway I've to go to work.. 
My manager just texted us saying: &quot;Good Morning its iPhone Friday &quot; God help me... Plus I woke up w/2 mosquito bites on my neck 
Good Morning, I hope that today is a very productive day.  Its raining again 
Good Morning Tweet friends... I've been up since 6am... Can't sleep... Feeling sad my daughter leaves out to Ecuador today 
@stacksZs Good Morning.....NOO there isnt 1 i can see the store from my Job lol...i should of just left my house 10 mins earlier 
Good Morning everyone! I just got outta bed after a sleepless night. I've been having sleepless nites 4 the past 2 days. It sucks... 
TGIF!!!!! Good Morning tweets!!! Running errands then maybe I'll go to work 
Good Morning~It's been storming here since 430am (its now 930) lost power for a while but back on now~lightening is scary so I'm off now 
@Pendulum668 Good Morning! I see u waked n baked already..lucky u  I gotta go get sum dutches.
Good Morning Everyone! I hope y'all are doing well --- I'm feeling sick, nasal congestion &amp; all... 
Good Morning ya'll.  Another day of &quot;online research&quot; before my research project gets approved, but I already finished &quot;Band of Brothers&quot; 
Good Morning!  It a stormy day in the Midwest. Not too pretty here!  Jordan still doesn't feel god. Blood in her stool  Going to vet.
Good Morning Twitter Family!! I hope we are all doing well... woke up with a crick in my shoulder- ouch 
Good Morning everyone! Have a great day...I'm off to work 
@HELLOJANI I was about to text you Good Morning but your phone's dead.  So, TwitterGoodMorning!
Good Afternoon Twitterland! I really need to get up and put on my face lol but I dont want to 
Did anyone catch the Crohns or Ulcerative Colitis bit on Good Morning America? I missed it and did not see anything this morning 
Good Morning, how ya'll doing out there? 17 degrees out there &amp; rain 
Good Morning Twittas!...Woke up too early..goin back to bed 
just made it home!! Good times. my ears r ringing though  ...Goodnite/Good Morning!! got a meeting/rehearsal @12. lataz...
Good Morning!  Looks like the rains came back. 
Good Morning.  Our internet is down AGAIN!!!   I'm at Starbucks catching up on emails.  RCN is the PITS!!!!!!
Good Morning. Our internet is down AGAIN!!!  I'm at Starbucks catching up on emails. RCN is the PITS!!!!!! http://bit.ly/yrk0k
Good Morning.... Can't sleep  been1up4 a hr doin laundry &amp; unpackn still =0( ... about 2workout &amp; then cook breakfast. Hope 2day is good2u
Good Morning Everyone! Breezy today, weather prediction is sun is going to hide soon &amp; rain will begin  Wishing everyone a wonderful Sat!
Good Morning clitter's happy sat, well my boo @tonymarvel just left  let's see what's in store for me 2day... Hi @aps695 whatcha dng?
Good News!! I got a new iPhone 3G S  ... Bad News!! I got stung by a Bee! 
Good Morning Twitter World....Who will make me smile today 
Good Morning Twitfam  @AHTHEGOD @Mrsgill105 @GemniNY031 @Monicatolli oh and @jimjonescapo back 2 the hospital 2 sit with Mommy.. 
Good Morning Twitters!!.. i'm doing homework  early morning!! that's bad  :G
Good Morning peeps... Sooooooo sick 4m allergies ughhhh :/  
Grumbles..sinks clogged, it's raining, I forgot to buy coffee...yet AGAIN! Good Morning to you too 
@jordanknight Good Morning. I missed your Tink  I was downloading the Uber Twitter upgrade. It's great!
Good Morning! Loving this very light drizzle. Perfect for running! Too bad I'm stuck at work though.  maybe later...hmmmm... #fb
Good Morning...;) // foood  &gt; jog #3? &gt; gift for the father?
Good Morning from Indore... some clouds, no rain... 
Good Morning #Pakistan, I just woke up right now after a hectic day yesterday at #Lahore #Management Summit. I slept at 3am 
Good Morning!! I'm only going to one meeting today because I have lots of revision to do before tomorrow  Hope you all have a nice day!!
Good Morning Baltimore... opps sorry I mean Bedford  not got the same ring to it.
Good Morning beautiful people!!!!.....i fell groggy 
Good Morning Twibulous Ones....Yes! I've made it to work and the entire time while getting dressed I was soo tempted to get bak n my bed 
@mrhihater Good Morning. I'm fine. Trying to get thru these 10 hrs of work 
Good Morning Connecticut!!!! It has been raining to much 
Good Morning Tweeple! Not a very sunny Sunday in Montreal 
@danielak Who will say &quot;Good Morning&quot; when I head to bed over the next month  Seriously have a marvelous time &amp; check in when you can!
Good Morning I didn't get anything for my daddy  he'll probably take us to mcdonalds or somethin, lmao;)
Good Morning people even though i never even went to sleep...i up sick allllll night!  
@MsBourgeoisie Good Morning 
Good Morning world......Last night was freaking awesome, although paying for it this morning 
Good Morning twitfam! UrGorgeous1 has awaken from her beauty rest. *KISSES* I have so much grown-up business 2 take care of 2day. 
Good Morning Rain 
Good Morning... Unfortunately can't make at the #expo2015camp 
Good Morning. Hayfever sniffly today  how are all of you doing?
Ooh man I'm so tired!!  Good Morning.
@pameladetlor Good Morning! I am glad you made it thru yest. &amp;the results r good...its nice 2 be put out for it.  I was- &amp; peed on them.. 
Good Morning! Argentina left the trending topic 
Good Morning Tweeples I can't believe I have class so early for session 2  Grrr
Good Morning ! -Im praying that my peoples come home today ! I miss them so much ! 
Good Morning Pittsburgh!!  Its rediculously hot and humid already... i'm not excited  #trackle
Good Morning 
Good Thursday Morning! I'm still sleepy but can't sleep anymore.  
Good Morning Twitt-world... Whats everybody up to? I'm stuck @ work, wishiN I was still asleep 
Good Morning! Only got 4 hours of sleep last night 
Good Morning Twibulous Ones...@myFabolouslife 's sho was wonderful las nite n NY THO my 2nd toe is dead n hasn't had feel n since then 
Yardwork by myself  Good Morning ya'll http://twitgoo.com/y3vs
Good Morning!  Lovin' the weather today... to bad it will probably burn off this afternoon. 
Good Morning!!! I have a friend (Not really a friend) coming over today. 
Good Morning TwitEarth! 
Good Morning, Tweet Peeps....Something to think about  &quot;Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.&quot;
Good Morning! Determined 2 make it sweeter than b4... 
Good Morning 
Good Morning all 
Good Morning you gawjuss Twitters 
[late] Good Morning Everyone 
@amradelamin Good Morning, I hope you did well 
Every day is another day for you to start over...Good Morning 
@Tojosan Good Morning Todd! 
@hooeyspewer Good Morning Ms Hoooooooey! 
Good Morning on this beautiful sunny Tuesday. Let's enjoy the weather while it lasts; more rain is on the way; be creative + make creams 
Good Morning 
Good Morning!  With apologies to my MState friends, all I have to say is Woohoo!  Tar Nation!    Better luck next year, boys!
@mileycyrus Good Morning  I hope you feel better!
Good Morning New York! It's a crispy 41 degrees out there. Bundle up! 
Good Morning! All it takes iz 2 dots &amp; a line to make stuff adorabl  http://bit.ly/qlI4
@MyNC  Good Morning MyNC! 
Good Morning good people of Tweeterville!!! I hope you all had a great nights sleep! 
Good Morning! It is currently 39 Degrees outside, so bundle up! .. Where'd I put my coats, anyways? 
Good Morning Sunshine! 
Good Morning Everyone! Just found out my daughter made the honor roll again im so proud of her 
@floris Good Morning to you too.  
@danpatterson haha Good Morning Sir  I agree with that, it is the Little Aggregator that Could!! Have a Funtastic Day man 
Good Morning Twitter 
Good Morning.. Going to take a shower 
Good Morning! Well, got a full house this morning!  BIL is all moved in and getting settled.  
Good Morning everyone!  It's is another beautiful day out there...get outside for a bit today! 
@trvsbrkr Good Morning Travis 
Good Morning! Want to applaud all u who r talking to conservatives talking leads to understanding maybe less violence. 
@AgustinaP Good Morning!  I hope that you are feeling MUCH better today  Do you ever have your meetings in Broward?
Good Morning Sunshine! Bring on the warm rays 
Good Morning.  
Good Morning world a perfect day for a picnic 
Good Morning!  Running some errands in the city and then out tonight!!! 
@NKOTB Good Morning &quot;Truck and Fish&quot; special encore tonight please 
@Alliegator8u Good Morning. The Shattered Halls or something like that. I think. I can tell you later in the day when I'm home 
Oh...Good Morning Twitty's.  Saturday Greetings to all of you.
Good Morning Everyone!!  
Good Morning 
Good Morning to the World of Tweets 
Correction! It's Good Morning Sunday! 
Good Morning Twitter 
Good Morning twitterland 
Good Morning on this beautiful Sunday 
@xxmarypoppinsxx Good Morning and no! I didnt realise it was on - I shall surf to http://www.tvcatchup.com/ now  How are you ? #F1
@Williamblake Good Morning WB  x
@welshmermaid Good Morning  How are you on this fine Pembrokeshire day? please excuse the gimp ball, aging rockstar and free shipping text
Good Morning.. Peace 
@FreshBostonChic Good Morning to you too 
@HoneyBfly09 Good Morning HoneyBfly 
Good Morning 
Good Morning! Watching cartoons wit my son.....well pretending their for him but really for me hehe ok for us 
Good Morning!! It is definitely WAY too early to be awake!! Coffee is good though!  
@FakeGerryButler Good Morning HRHF 
Good Afternoon Twitterettes, just had tweet from the wonderful @Wossy and I'm now up to 49 followers so over all a jolly good show 
@delilah88 Good Morning to you(It's afternoon in here,though  ) ^^
Good Morning ppl 
@GrahamGudgin Good Morning to you too  I hope yours is a nice and Relaxing Sunday as well
@jeffpulver Good Sunday Morning to you my friend  I hope your having a good one so far!
Good Morning  going to teach now
@DarkPiano Good Morning Loren 
@marcapitman Good Morning  Hope your having a Great Sunday so far
Good Morning Twitterland! 
@taraburner Good Morning 
Good Morning from Western Pennsylvania! 
@robbie42601 Good Morning! *hugs* 
Good Morning, Good Morning, Good Morning to you!  (I was singing it as I was writing  Have a good day!
@Heywa01 Good Morning 
Good Morning!!!  
@LeslieDYoung  Miss Young Good Morning 
@louiebaur Hellooo.. Good Morning to you  how old are you ?
@demarius sorry...Good Morning Friend is what I said  
Good Morning Twitterville! Let's Rock &amp; Roll 
@joyntheir Good Morning @joyntheir I will be on later  Hope you have a great day
@jordanknight Good Morning I freakin' heart you to death  So looking forward to Irvine 5* and getting my hug from you 
Good Morning  who wants to take me to ihop 
@jimmymarsh617 Good Morning Jimmy!!!!! I hope you have a great day 
Good Morning... Let The Stress Begin.... 
BTW, Good Morning to everyone I hope a great day and a great week for all! 
Good Morning I just woke up so it's morning to me 
Good Morning and God Bless! I'm going to get my church in! I do apologize that I will not be able to tweet during see you soon though. 
@txtmsgbrkup54 Good Morning Sunshine! 
@costarese Like the Isrealites taking the spoil with them during exodus from Egypt.  BTW-Good Morning?
Good Morning @  all 
Good Morning everyone  Im soooooo happy and i dont know why ?!
Good Morning Tweeps 
Good Morning Twitterverse! We have a sunny day here today, and im so thankful for it bcos im Solar Powered  #pmotm
@lookski Good Morning - It sure is! already up to 9 degrees here 
Good Morning to you all. its guna be a good day today 
Good Morning all   Just got back from an early morning meeting - lots to do today
Good Morning 
Good Morning Tweets! God is still in control, YAY! means an easier day for me.  MUST..REMEMBER..THIS!  
@BritTheIntern Good Morning to YOU as well, hope its a VERY successful day 
A late Good Morning to everyone 
@dannywood Good Monday Morning Danny!  Hope u enjoy your day!  I'm going to work. 
@dannywood Good Morning! Getting ready to do crunches here.  Love getting text from you in the morn. 
Good Morning, my Twittermaniacs! How is everybody doing today? Hit me on the tweet! 
Good Morning, Tweets  New day, new start, complete all tasks (JP) Read my Word, now the day can begin...NO NONSENSE 2day! 
@tear96x Good Morning 
@Barefoot_Exec Good Morning Barefoot Crew! Hope you have an awesome time on the cruise. 
I'm sooooooo tired. Good Morning Tweets 
@YESandME Hey hey ... Did U have a nice sleep?? Good Morning to you! 
@todayinsf Good Morning to all of you...my favorite morning peeps! Keep tweeting, please 
Oh, &amp; Good Morning  In &amp; out today. So, later!
Good Morning twitta bugs im halfway ready for work don't know what's planned gotta check my calendar! But im still a G no doubt! Lol. 
Good Morning...from snow to 70 degrees...loving Colorado today  Darn, i could have worn flip flops today...
Good Monday Morning, all! I'm excited about my three day week! 
Good Morning World 
Oh, I didnt say Good Morning to all  GOOD MORNING! and happy #420 all
Good Morning All off to school today   visit my store if you have time  http://tinyurl.com/dkol4w
@parnellk63 Good Morning Keith, how's it going man? 
Good Morning Everyone. Listening to #HowardStern and reading up on some news...if you haven't noticed  Peace and Love to you all.
@SUNSHiNE_D Good Morning  lol
Good Morning 
Good morning!  Or Evening. hahah.
Good Morning Tweets! 
Good Morning!!!!!!!! 
Good Morning Twitters 
Good Morning!  but I'm still sleepy..
Oh Good Morning.. I Love Money @ 11.. 
@Bwgan Good Morning, hopefully email will be back up for you soon  Have a Great Day!
@calw Morning! Good day ahead? 
@MariaHyldgaard Good Afternoon from Indonesia  i'm ready to go home.
&quot;Some rise by sin, and some by virtue fall&quot; -  an irony of life!   Good Morning again!
Good Morning! pjamas, This Morning,  Weetabix and some sunshine Mmmm 
Good Morning  Up and about 
Good Morning (:        I'm singing       ( I try to be happy /or not... )
Good Morning...! Wassup mates? Big day for me today, going for getting my ID Card... 
@Cheavor mmmmm sounds delish ! Good Morning 
Good Morning twitter world!! May 2 finally arrv= J.O.N.A.S time!!! Lucky Mraz lv 
@Giusepppe Good Morning!! 
I've substituted all my week's lack of sleep ... Good Morning 
OK - now I'm really going to bed.  Good Night/Good Morning to all my friends 
Good Morning everybody! Lovely day to go swimming (which I am in 15 minuits) 
@Morrica Good Morning Morrica! 
Good Morning people. Its a lovely day. I'm off in to town with Karn at 12.30. I won the Karen Barber signed pic on the tndtalk auction  x
Good Morning all, beautiful day here which makes a change 
Good Morning Twitter Poeple 
Good Morning to our new followers,hope you're enjoying the bank holiday weekend 
Goood Morning! everybod have a Good day  im drinking coffee.. trying to wake up..
Good Morning Twitt-lings. Rise up with the Sun 
Good Morning. 
Goodnight/Good Morning Luv bugs 
@vanwas Good Morning buddy, I can't wait to see the new place 
@1938media I think the rule is that I will win your Flip give away. KThanksBai.  Good Morning.
Good Morning To All 
Good Morning Everybody 
Good Morning Everyone!!!! Had an ohkay night wasn't feelin to good but that is passed I feel a lot better now.im just tired. 
 Good Morning! Super hyper today because it is officially my birthdya. 
Good Morning! still rainy &amp; gray but nature is amazing,&quot;No-one messes w/the WOODPECKER! Enjoy ur day 
Good Saturday Morning people! Ahh, feels good to sleep for 12 hours solid... Now to get started on a couple things... 
@mcintec Good Morning (((((((((((((((((((((((((((BigHugs))))))))))))))))))))))))))) 
@bevysmith Good Morning! I'm happy your event went well. Time to start planning the sequel 
@therock247uk Good Morning (((((((((((((((((((((Snuggles)))))))))))))))))))) &lt;3 
@socialitebeauty *singing*.:: John Legend::.Good Morning...Good morning!! 
Good Morning Tweeters!  
@KimKardashian Good Morning sunshine 
@melissamoog Good Morning! Glad to hear it. Clark and I are doing great. He's been very good to us. Hard to believe he's a month old. thx 
Good Morning Free Comic Book Day!  #fb
Good Morning Angels from Overcast Ontario California 
Going to sleep now! as im very sleepy, nearly 2am as well.  Good Night/Morning everyone!!!
Good Morning and Good Night my tweeter bugs  first time i'm signing in all day.
@CroSimpleMinds  Good morning to you   Afternoon over here
Good Morning Twitter 
Sun+Tea+Sinday DinNer= Good Morning 
Good Morning 
Good Morning all.  Another lovely sunny day  in Hertfordshire 
Good Morning Twitters, I pray that everyone has a blessed Sunday! 
@James_yeah - Morning sir! Good luck on the practice, although I'm sure you'll do fine (which isn't a lot of help, I know)! 
Good Morning everyone - a sunny blustery day here in central Scotland 
Good Morning Everyone 
Good Morning to all on this rainy day.  Getting ready to do the MS walk.  Wish me luck.  I hope I can finish 
@stevegarfield Good Morning and have a Great time at Boston Media Makers 
Good Morning Tweetland! 
Good Morning! 
@MizFitOnline are you there?  Good Morning! 
Good Morning  our thoughts on Mine that Bird. http://bit.ly/9lYyb
Good Morning ff, having coffee and watching CNN while tweeting on my PSP 
Good Morning! Getting ready to go to San Juan! ComicCon, ftw! 
Good Morning Everyone... grinding the beans to make coconut macroon coffee anyone for a cup 
Good morning, erm, Afternoon. just sort the kit out - it still works 
@pfmonaco Good Morning  Nope doing my bacon the long drawn out way hahaha Makes me feel like Suzie Homemaker hahaha
Hello people!!!! Good Morning!!!! 
Good Morning! 
@jeffmello Good Morning Sir! Blip on! 
@angel9293 Good Morning to you ! 
Good Morning Everyone! It's a rainy day all nice and dreary here  I don't know who got our sunshine but please return it to me soon. 
@coolvsratednext Peace &amp; Good Morning Mr. Cool V - what's good? 
Good Morning Twitter and everyone else! 
Good Morning! Wow, what a beautiful sunny morning here in Toronto... The Tree's in my backyard are coming back to life 
Good Morning!!  Little under the weather today ..will be back and forth heading back to bed for a bit 
@DonniesCupcake Good Morning Donnie's Cupcake! How's my converted cupcake this morning? LOL! 
Good Morning Everyone I hope everybody has a great Sunday!!! 
@DocNicole Good Morning, sunshine  
Good Sunday Morning! It's raining again so I'm going to make some potato soup for dinner and the rest of the day will be lazy day. 
Good Morning Twitterverse. 
@getfancy hahaha Good Morning Sunshine 
Good Morning!!!   Watchin' Girlfriends!!!
@Sexy_Biatche  Good Morning!!  hope you have a great day 
Good Morning    Hope you all had a nice weekend
@DorienBlommers Not quite monday for me yet. Good Morning 
Good Morning Tweeters - doing the Internet and e-mail with a nice cuppa tea! 
@richardbarley Good Morning  That means you need to do it more often .
Good Morning!! rainy day today :/ hoping for a good day 
having my brecky. Good Morning  x
Bom dia! Good Morning! Guten Morgen! I am returning to Twitter! 
Good Morning  please check out our new site, tactik is a new training company based in Warsaw Poland ! www.tactik.eu all the best from us!
Hey, Good Morning guys!!   
Good Morning BTW - A public holiday in UK, love it  and dinner tonoght with 2 special people.
@dannywood Good Morning! Hope that you enjoy your run &amp; gym workout this morning. Can't wait to hear some of your new songs.   &lt;3Pennie
Good Morning everyone!  Have a great Monday!  Thanks for following!  
@AlloverArt  Good Morning! 
Good Morning 
Good Morning, Twitter community! I just got finished eating a delicious stack of pancakes courtesy of my Mom and Bisquick. 
@paulina1 Good Morning and Have a Great Day at work 
@TracyeDukes Good Morning and thanks for the Retweet 
Good Morning! - Court - Crossfit - Bible Study - Someone very special's house  http://tinyurl.com/cjs668
Good Morning Everyone. !.!. Time for work 
Good Morning...hoping to throw back some coffee like right now! 
@afwife08 Good Morning, good wakeup music 
Good Morning Twitter Peeps    What is on your agenda today??
Good Morning! 
Good Morning everyone! Enjoy your day! Thinking of all my tweet friends 
@DH_Photography Good Morning! Hope you have a great day!! 
Good Morning Tweeties 
Good Morning Twitter Bugsssss 8:48am and my day starts nowwwww 
Good Morning!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jnl7
@TraceyHewins Good Morning 
Good Morning 
@mynameismo Good Morning - here's hoping it's a good one for ya! 
@CobrokeNation Good Morning 
Good Morning Sunshines! 
Good Morning people!!! Have a great day 
Good Morning 
Good Morning 
@SmilinNursAnnie Good Morning Rock Star Nurse 
Good Morning Twits!  Let's makes today x100 better than the one before! Start runnin
Good Morning All!   Hope everyone is doing well on this Monday!   Thanks for all the #followfriday recos!   I am blessed!
@Morrica Good Morning my Swedish Friend. I love the Meat Balls.  haha
Good Morning twitters!!! I am soooo tired...I really need 2 stay off of twitter...LOL this shit is taking over my life...LOL 
Just checking in to say Good Monday Morning to all my #mamo friends....  
Good Morning 
Good Afternoon 
Good Morning 
Good Morning Everyone 
@parboo LOL - Birmingham was my 1st love... but it's time to move on! ;) Good Morning 
Good Morning!!! Work and then it's ESPN's Sunday night Baseball. hopefully it won't get rained out 
@Morrica Good Morning to you  I trust you are well ?
Good Morning  Jess here  Just wanted to say thank you to everyone following us  tell your friends about us please  xxx
Good Morning  i ate pizza for breakfast
@hypnophil Good Morning 
Good Morning everybody and happy Mothers Day!!!! 
Guten Morgen/ Good Morning/ 
@SeanTheROBOT  Good Evening!~ 
@JayElectronica Good Morning Chairman of the board! www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivFM0pYyUcy its a living thing....! 
Good Morning Everyone 
@RedMummy Good Morning  Hows u ?
Good Morning Tweets, I like lazy sundays 
@jonathanrknight @dannywood @donniewahlberg Good Morning! Rise and Shine! 
Good Morning....in T-minus two hours I will be a Hampton University alumna....can't wait! 
Good Morning Twitter 
Good Morning, Twitterville!  xoxo
@Harley_Dude  I put my bet on sleeping lol - Good Morning 
@CarrieArmitage YEah! Good Morning!  And i hope u are great today! 
@juliarygaard lol  Good Morning and Happy Mother's day to you. #theyfuckinlostandaredown3-2intheseriesimnotfuckinhappy  
Good Morning Twits   Just woke up, had to do some stuff for work, now im just chilling until the family luncheon... txt me!
O Good Morning guys 
Good Morning.  Im Up. ^__^
Good Night and Good Morning My Cool Tweeds!!! Hugs  lolol
Good Morning 
@CindyRoyal Good! I also thought of MGMT and My Morning Jacket -- you might have that already, of course. Glad the schoolyear is over. 
Good Morning, another day, another chance to do brilliant things 
Good Morning !!!! Have a nice day.....   
@MHjerpe mm good then the eyes are still working.. Good Morning 
Nan at window writing note, one eye on commotion, she leaves room and note, which read, Good-Morning Early bird! Bus will be here 10:45! 
Good Morning ztweets!   it's Thurdsday and it feels like Friday for me. eek Another day another Dollar.  Coffee anyone   XOXO
@mileycyrus Good Morning Miley. 
Good Morning Twitterers 
Oh, and Good Morning everyone 
Good Morning Everyone! 
@Dannymcfly Good Morning 
Good Morning all!!! Getting ready for the first day at my internship...I'm so excited to learn!! Have a good day tweeple 
Good Morning all!!   We have Thunderstorms and Hail right now...
Good Morning Everyone! Hot Topics is just minutes away!! ~Ashley 
Good Morning Everyone 
@wisdompathart Good Morning! @SoulReader @Secret_Aura @samanthagreen @LarisaBelliveau @NatureSpirits @Marge_Inovera - my twtr favorites 
[Utterli] http://bit.ly/cREjI  Good Morning: Welcome to a &quot;Thankful Thursday&quot;. I hope you got the memo 
[Utterli] http://bit.ly/cREjI Good Morning: Welcome to a &quot;Thankful Thursday&quot;. I hope you got the memo  http://ff.im/2SxDj
Good Morning TwitterLand!  I know today is going to be a productive and active day for me!
Good Morning everyone! Another busy day for me, but the sun is out today so it should not be so bad..... 
Good Morning All! Live today like the triumphant being you are. Don't let nobody steal ur joy! One Love! 
Good Morning Friends 
Good Morning Tweet fam 
Good Morning Tweeties 
@writeinink Good Morning!! You have any extra awesome I can borrow, I might need some later today  Hope your day is fabu!
Good Morning Everyone!!!! 
Gooood Morning Good Morning Loves 
Good Morning  One more day closer to the weekend!
Good Morning everyone! 
@Lil_Red_Tulsa - Good Morning! I hope you are very busy today! 
Good Morning!! 
feels ready to go this morning (kinda   Woke to 2 sales (Yippee) Good Morning everyone! (girlkiss) (bye)... http://plurk.com/p/tsas4
@saytri Lol well thanks and Good Afternoon to you then 
@ChicaWest Good Morning sunshine 
@tejano76 Good Morning 2 u 2...So I guess its Friday 4 u??? Dancing Time!!! 
Good Morning! YAY! My dad is getting me a new laptop for graduation!!!! Thanks dad 
Hey Good Morning! @navyaircrewman   Thats a big question. I think it is dealing with indiv users requests / costs involved.
Another Day Another Blessing! Good Morning Tweeps 
Good Morning Freakz! 
Good Morning ppl.. jst woke up.. hope everybody is fit n fine..!! 
Good Morning to all my UK Tweeples! 
Good Morning everyone 
@piparrot congrats sweetie  and Good Morning xxx
Good Morning 
@IvyBean104 Good Morning Ivy enjoy your reading. 
Good Morning!! 
Good Morning  I'm still so tired but I couldn't sleep anymore -.-
Good Morning Twitterland, happy Sunday 2 u all. I wonder what today will bring?? I need to get up and have some breakfast first.   xo ...
Good Morning World 
@Elaine_W_84 Good Morning...Congratulations on Your Job!  xx
@DebbieFletcher Good Morning  How r u today?lol i want bac to brasil but i can not 
Good Morning  It's 7:15 am, a beautiful Sunday 
Good Morning/Good Afternoon or Good Evening depending what time zone your in 
Hey there I just woke up   so Good Morning World...
Top of the Morning to You All - Good movie going weekend!  Get out, have some fun 
@postalguarelas @postalguarelas Your welcome! Good Morning to you too  Hope you have a creative and productive day 
@tenishae26 Good Morning Sweetness 
@chef_duffy Good Afternoon to you 
Good Morning Everyone 
@thomasfiss Good Morning 
Good Morning! I love Sundays! Walking the dog and going to the grocery store 
Good Morning(with mad energy)!! I'm UP!! And I can't stop thinking abt my ending scene...sh*t,my fist is still hurtin lol 
@Shrewd_Boy Good Morning Sir  I trust you are well ?
Good Morning Twitterers! I've been up for a few hours already, I just forgot to say good morning. 
Good Morning Coffee Family!!  What's In Ur Cup!? Yirgacheffe Here Via French Press!!UmmmUmm GooD #ur B.O.DY #Coffee #Sunday Morning
Good Morning Everyone 
Good Morning Tweets to ALL my TwitterFam! Enjoy your day, be Blessed today 
@Mother_Teresa  Good Morning 
@karamilah hoping that the gym cleared ur mind a lil.. Good Evening.. 
Good Morning World! 
Good Afternoon! 
I'm done for the night! Good Night/Morning!! 
Good Morning my twitter-peeps! 
Good Morning everyone!! 
@JaxRaghibTrail Good Afternoon!! haha 
Good Sunday Morning/Afternoon for some... 
What is up people! Good Morning to you all.. you know who you are 
Good Afternoon to our BlackRadioIsBack.com &amp; FuseBox Radio peoples! How goes the day? 
Good Morning!!! I hope everyone has a wonderful day, it is another busy day in the office for us 
Good Morning Everybody  Wishing You A Gr8 Morning 
Good Morning Twitter! 
@chrishasboobs Good Morning, please reply to me  it would make my morning/night 
@UrbaniQ  Good Morning! 
@thomasjojo Good Afternoon 
@paul_steele Good Morning to you too! 
Good Morning UK 
@hanaabanana @lislBR  Good Morning My Loves  x
@Thats_Aryan: Good Morning, so, the first shot is the one featuring the SLR. 
Don't seem to be able to wake up this morning! Far to much Champage &amp; Good Times with Good Friends over the last 4 days! Morning All 
Good Morning...wir warten auf den 200. Follower 
@Lady_Twitster Good Morning 
Good Afternoon 
Good Morning! The very best start into the (mon-)day: Editor has accepted my proposal for an article. \o/ 
Good Morning everyone how are you all? woop business online  and if i carry on work shld be gettin distinctions lol
Good Morning/Good Night! Zzzzzzzzzz, lol! Leh sum2 else wake me! 
@RealHatter Good Morning! 
Good Morning Twitterland! How is everybody on this crazed weather day?! Walked to work in the rain now sun shining 
@JaseNewell Good Morning Minion!! I'm still up! 
Good Morning Kentucky!  Tune in now for the latest overnight news and for your WONDERFUL forecast! 
Good Morning! I hope everyone has an Awesome day.  God Bless!
@robluketic Rise &amp; Shine Rob Good Morning 
Good Morning tweople! Its ALL CLEAR right now on the roads, expressways, and tollways 
@emmaincannes Good Morning  x
So much to be happy for!!!!!! Big things ahead for this Pinay!! Good Morning! xoxo 
Good Morning Tweeples! I hope today is a great day for you 
Good Morning!  Start your day with some good work-life boundary advice   http://bit.ly/oiYxZ
Now I'll go to my school.. Good Morning too all 
@TropicsZ4: &quot;Good Morning  Thanks for all the messages, Blips,  RB's Tweets and Rt's Sunrise soon, looks like... ? http://blip.fm/~6irfu
Good morning to my followers/Togs and all the special ppll here *Morning Hugs* to you all xxx Happy to see you all up an about  7:31am adt
Good Morning yall, ready to start off the week on a good note 
@DonnieWahlberg Good Morning Donnie. Loyal soldier here... 18+ years and counting, proud to be in the DDub army. 
ahhhh Mondays = Good News Week 
May you begin this day with a smile on your face, and with happiness for your soul to embrace. Good Morning my love 
@ShawnaCoronado Good Morning! Make today your best day ever! 
@IvyBean104 Good Morning to you. At least it is morning here 
@irenerencsi Good Morning Irene! Wow! 1C that is cold, yuck  Did you get a good sleep?
Good Morning All 
@IvyBean104 Good Morning Ivy! Wishing u a day of sunshine and laughter  Maybe your friends will share the laptop later so you can tweet)
Good Morning     Hope  everyone has a great Monday!  Smile &amp; say hello to someone today, make their day 
Good Morning 
Good Morning. 
Good Morning Everyone   Running w/ my toaster strudel to catch the bus. Have an awesome Monday!!!
@danpatterson Good Morning  Hope you have a Fantastic Day!!
Good Morning Twitter! I slept SO good!  I had a dream about @aplusk but nothing kinky... it was kind of boring actually but I slept good!
Good Morning!!! Hope everyone had a great weekend 
@Ruth_Z Good Morning, have a wonderful week 
@carrielee Good Morning Friend   My eyes turn green when I cry.
Good Morning...Welcome to another manic Monday.  No, not going to play the song. Slept a little, except for the nightmares.  Keep Smiling 
Good Morning! Added Fosters to the list of brews acceptable to my taste buds this weekend at the company golf outing 
@Jchawes Good Morning hope your Monday is starting alright or great 
Good Morning All 
Good Morning , twitterverse! If you're looking for something profound or witty, yo'u'll have to wait until I wake up. Sleep typing=curse 
Good Morning  
Good Morning Everyone   I hope you all have a wonderful beginning to your work week!  I am on my first cup of cofee already gearing up.
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Good Morning!  .. when r u guys coming to India?? u got tonnes of fans here who are eager to see  ...
Good Morning to all not already enjoying the water 
Good Morning  Waiting for my coffee to finish brewing.
Good Morning 
Good Morning tweeps!  En el trabajo 
Good Morning Tweeple! 
Good Morning Tweeple...4th straight day at the gym, those new Apple Bottom jeans I just bought have truly been an inspiration  
Jtodd bring me back some  Good Morning everyone I still need that black firecat statue
Good Morning everyone! Ready to start another exciting week. What? 59 degrees outside???? 
And a belated Good Morning to all 
Good Morning! 
@KarenMcLain Good Morning Karen! Hope you have a great painting day 
Good Morning Tweeple!  Hope everyone, even @BReal_2, has a great Monday!  
@IvyBean104 Good Morning Ms. Bean. I look forward to reading your tweets  Hope you have  a great day
Good Morning my beautiful folks! Have a FANTABULOUS day!!! 
@donniewahlberg Good Morning D. I know you must be happy to be back on land. Have a nice day! 
@AppSmile Good Morning  Hope you have a wonderful day with lots of smiles 
The Show was touching o_o cry very veeeeeery much :O ( I hate this) Well Good Morning Twitter's ! 
Good Morning 
@Mrdrizzo  Good Morning! How was ur weekend?
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Good Morning Guy !  Kisses for the most handsome bass player in the world !
@TheChristinaKim  Good Morning Christina 
Good Morning Resistance Troops!  #terminator #sarahconnor #tscc
@itskeemsx -- Good Morning Keemy! 
Good Morning...time for another fabulous week...don't you just feel blessed to be alive and a part if it...let's go World Build 
Good Morning TwitterExpress! I'm alive &amp; kicking this a.m. after an interesting weekend! Hope your weekend was super! 
@DavidArchie Good Morning David! I felt that earthquake last night...they always scare me! Haha. But I'm glad your safe &amp; back in the US! 
Good Morning 
@itsayleen Good Morning! 
@pfmonaco Good Morning Sir  How's your day so far?
@oliverdog Good Morning Chris...  have a nice day!
@coldplay Good Morning...hope you are having a great one 
Good Morning Earth! Today will be a good day 
Good Morning @NeilPHarris Stay cute and Sexy! 
Good Morning......off to get some coffee first thing 
Good Morning! My day off today 
@ElkaBr  Good Morning  How are you? How is your little princess feeling?
@nanavette Good Morning!  How are you this morning?
Good Morning All... Took the weekend off from Tweeting, but back at it again today.  Hope all of you had a great weekend!  Take Care 
Good Morning All  RC http://bit.ly/tH4Uq
@TahitianHoliday Good Morning 
Good Morning Twitterville! Happy Monday... starting my mornin' off watching The View, sunshine, and my Twit-l0ves  Great day ahead.. 
Good Morning Tweeters and what a lovely day it is outside    #savekitt
Good Morning to everbody     In an hour a will meet me with my best friend...and that means a lot of fun  ;-)
@violetbakes oh, what a beautiful sunrise  Good Morning!
Good Morning...and the sun is out ready for the Bank Holiday! 
Good Morning 
Good Morning People 
Good Morning Evryone! 
@aha_com Good Morning guys...was a great performans on TV  Without sunglasses  with perfekt hair from Morten )) You are the BEST !!
Good morning! You're waking up to One Morning in May, so here's James Taylor - on Grooveshark: http://tinysong.com/uRv 
Good Morning Everyone! Its Friday, the Sun is shining and its a bank holiday weekend. Life is GOOD 
Good Morning world 
@geekachu Good Morning flower  Takes me a while to come round also! Off not to do a few things and go out,Have a great friday 
Good Morning Twittertown! How are you today? The sun is shining, it's Friday and life is good 
@hypnotized805 ..and a very Good Morning to you too  Sleep well 
@jessicastrust Good Morning Sir   #FollowFriday
@twittershenka Good Morning!  I've enjoyed having your fiance here on Daybreak! 
Good Morning Twitter !   ( well it's technically nearly afternoon)  Going for a subway when Leanne and Codie finish school. Yay 
@Wossy Good Morning....I have something you may be interested in?.....Nothing sinister...Just some comics 
Good Morning! Have a wonderful day and remember a smile can change a life-it might just be the thing somebody needs! 
@Imarius As a matter of fact, I do. They also happen to be my favourite band of all time.  Good Morning.
Good Morning, Tweeters! Up and awake and sending some positive energy your way! 
Good Morning, Good Morning.  Is it Friday already? So much to do, usually don't we look forward to Fridays?  Well better get going 
Good Morning, working from home this AM, then off to Houghton Lake 
Good Morning! Time to finish earning a nice, long weekend. Keep smiling 
Good Morning! TGIF!  Short workday for me then long weekend   No special plans, just relaxing
@DavidArchie Hey Good Morning! 
@vickycornell Good Morning Vicky! Have a wonderful weekend 
@jeffpulver Good Morning Jeff  How was your event you Hosted yesterday?
@ajt2 Good Morning and Enjoy your Work Day! Sounds like you already plan too 
@glorialynnglass Good Morning 
Good Morning 
@chrisastoyan Good Morning! Thanks for the update. Have a great day! 
@kipperdoodle Good Morning crazy Kitty  Have a great day and great weekend!
@ErikaRose Good Morning Erika. I hope you had a peaceful sleep and are ready to bring love and life whereever you go today 
Good Morning! 
Good Morning enjoying some coffee  http://twitpic.com/5oo8c
Good Afternoon 
Good Morning Everyone! Make sharing a smile your 1st activity of the day - it will immediately lift your day &amp; someone else's. 
Good Morning babes! T.G.I.F!!! I woke up in such a good mood it's ridiculous. Have a great day 
Good Morning 
Good Morning Sunshines! I'm up early for work but I get off at 1pm to head home for my brother's graduation. 
Good Morning Everyone! 
Good Morning- woohoo- nice warm summer weather is kicking in here 
Good Morning all -it is follow Friday - thanks to all who follow me 
@TahneishaN yooo Good Morning it's Friday 
Good Morning! 
Good Morning world  
Good Morning  @SwingingtoDJFox:  Thanks  nice song. ? http://blip.fm/~6t3at
Good Morning!.. Frank Ski &amp; Wanda in the morning!. 
Good Morning!!! 
Good Morning tweet friends... 
Good Morning my friends 
Good Morning to all who Tweet  
Good Morning, Tweeple- TGIF!! 
Good Morning everyone!  it is another beautiful day here in Maine. 
Wishing that @OddTodd would sometimes tweet more stuff than just Early Morning Bad Invention thingies 
Good Morning, Sunshine  Going 2 my 1st classroom observation 2day...as soon as I get dressed
@MyInnerBitch  Good Friday Morning   Have a great day!!
Just woke up to Green Day on Good Morning America.  Now I'm awake.  I think they bleeped most of the songs 
Good Morning Tweeters!!!  Still on my graduation high...I'm moving to Texas a week from today 
Good Morning Twidiots...OMG!!!!... I cant wait to be in Cali! Already got my ticket and I am soooo ready to be in Hollywood! Yay me 
Good Morning  Friday had come.....finally.......i am happy
@TropicsZ4: &quot;@TropicsZ4:  Beautiful SOng, thanks  Good Morning &quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6t79q
Good Morning Twitterverse! BUSY day! First up, Grandparents' Day at Jacob's school. 
@Writer993 Good Morning 
@BigMovingStock #followfriday, great stock market info, thanks Good Morning 
@ToddBrink  Just followed all 3 of your folks!    Good Morning.
Good Morning folks have a blessed day 
Good Morning! Getting ready for the &quot;Question of the Day&quot; at 9am (PST) then I'm going back to sleep 
@justagurl09 Good Morning, and Thank you for the #FollowFriday I hope you have a wonderful day 
Good Morning everyone. What a glorious Friday Morning 
Good Morning...Time to get up and moving.  Hope everyone has a great FRIDAY!!!
Ok..so now that I did those FF shouts...Good Morning Tweeties! 
Good Morning My Fabulous Twitters!!!  Ready 4 anotha crazy day!!!
@kirstiealley Good Morning Kirstie!  Have a great day!
@RonnieButler Good Morning 
Good Morning Friday  I love 3 day weekends!!
http://twitpic.com/5oydo - Good Morning Albuquerque 
@elbeard  Good Morning lover lover. 
Good Morning Peeps! it's friday! be happy!! 
@AdorkableMellie Good Morning! Mine is going well! How is yours?? 
@chrishasboobs Good Morning, Chris! 
@MissKellyO Good Morning to you too. 
Beeaamm . ?(o.o)? &lt;-- MOOSE  Good Morning!!
Good Afternoon! 
Good Morning everyone 
@juliankimmings Good  Morning! How are you today? 
Good Morning Everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a stunning day!! 
@she_writes Good Morning LIndsay! 
@TravDave Good Morning  
http://twitpic.com/61yot - Good Morning 2 All my Followers thanx 4 following!  Here's a Pic 4 yall..Enjoy
Good Morning, people! 
Good Morning Shakti!  @shaaqT
@saravananp Good Morning! I am glad you liked it! 
says Good Afternoon!  http://plurk.com/p/wxd2v
Good Morning tweeple!  i greet based on #.ke time...or maybe i just...naah! ;)
@YaelBeeri Good Morning to you and Hag Sameach !!! 
@anoopan nice...you are seeing the reality  Good Afternoon
@berkelium Good Morning, what's up? 
Good Morning Everyone! My great mood from yesterday has continued into today   it's so warm this morning as well     
@PreternReviews Good Morning Patrick 
@MrsSOsbourne Good Morning Mrs O. So nice to have you here.  x
@ParentStudent Good Morning  hows it going ?
@ShropshirePixie Good Morning   #followfriday
Good Morning!?! Too excited to get much sleep at all. Getting ready for the airport... I'm gonna need some coffee. 
@alexandramusic Good Morning  xxx
@GeorgeVoutsinos Good Morning to you too 
Good Morning  Twitter is a 'ittle slow whirring up your faces this lovely poets day x
&quot;Sun is shining, the weather is sweet.....&quot;  Good Morning! 
@JasonBradbury Hello and Good Morning 
@JasonBradbury Good Morning Mr Bradbury, &amp; what a wonderfully sunny &amp; warm Fri...yay for Fridays!!! 
@DonnieWahlberg Good Morning! Have you gone to bed yet? I am getting ready 4 work. It is Friday at last!! 
@casualcottage Good Morning 
Good Morning! Going to get these roots done - can't go into labor with bad hair! lol 
