Most common words for this cluster:
[('goodnight', 494), ('tomorrow', 80), ('time', 44), ('everyone', 43), ('day', 36), ('twitter', 36), ('dreams', 35), ('world', 32), ('sleep', 29), ('night', 24), ('sweet', 23), ('i', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Goodnight', 0.9311705827713013), (u"G'night", 0.608497142791748), (u'KNEE_MAIL', 0.5644825100898743), (u'K._Deonauth', 0.5543674826622009), (u'Sha_Kon_O', 0.5535638332366943), (u'Goodbye', 0.5530705451965332), (u'Paris_xoxo', 0.548675537109375), (u'Birthday_Quiz', 0.5450254082679749), (u'STRICTLY_OBSERVING', 0.5435804128646851), (u'Comedian_Jim_Gaffigan', 0.5431036353111267)]





In bed... I suddenly feel  I wish MA was here w/me... Goodnight TwitterFam
Hoping I can get some decent sleep tonight since I didn't get any worth shittt last night  Goodnight World! XOXO
@ItsChelseaStaub Goodnight, Chels. And sorry about the major layout-delay.  &lt;3
Goodnight everyone. Well I'm not feeling much better and I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.  
Goodnight&lt;3.  Sleeping in his shirt..I smell like man now lol. I have to wait like 9 more hours to see him 
Going to bed cause Melissa doesnt want to watch a movie with her  Goodnight world.
okay. Goodnight Twitterverse. I have to get up early tomorrow for work. 
shit its ten past one! and i gotta get up early. oh deary me. better going to bed now   Goodnight, sleep tight, Dont let the bedbugs bite!
I'm hungry, but of course there's nothing to eat  I'm gonna watch SNL, then bed. Goodnight!
Goodnight Space Mountain   Spending the next week packing/saying goodbye/ playing in the parks.....fish monster will be here soon!
At home now. Didn't wanna leave bestfriend's house  It was fuuuunn(: Gonna go now. Goodnight twitter.
Awh sh*t! The sun is starting to rise  Home finaaally @ 6am. Another crazy night with virgiz my niz. Goodnight tweeps!
@rawralyrawr HAAAAAAAAH?! Forreal, I was too drunk to drive home. Shoulda just stayed 	But I'm at home. Goodnight!
Goodnight. Idk why but I'm not looking forward to tomorrow 
No one speaks to me anymore  Depressed over it. Off to sleep now. Goodnight
Goodnight! Dang, its still hott&amp;stuffy 
Goodnight. Have to get up early tomorrow 
About to head to sleep everyone! It sucks being alone when it's raining  Goodnight Everyone!!!!
*ugh* this cold is just beating me down  Damn sinus headaches! &gt; Goodnight everyone.....
Fat Joe just witnessed me falling down the stairs. My right thigh hurts. Goodnight 
No twitter for a week, very depressed. Cutting myself off from the world for about a week. Gonna go cry myself to sleep. Goodnight. 
No puppy class tomorrow, either.   Sigh.  Goodnight everyone.
I need to go to bed like now... I am like od hungry hot and missin my baby  Goodnight World.
bed time!  Goodnight all! So sad this is my last week with @three6marissa 
And off to bed I go. Unfortunately, I fly back to MO tomorrow.  Goodnight my tweeps!!
Like my MySpace song says, when you feel you're down... forget about it, stand tall &amp;don't let anyone bring you down! Goodnight 
Movie night then sharis... twas a good night. Darrien leaves in two days  adam truelife in 7  who's gonna b next? Goodnight everyone!
Goodnight my twiggaz. Gotta hit the sack, so that I'm prepared for another work filled day...fun 
Goodnight, twitterverse. My mouth and foot hurt so bad. I want it to go away.. 
Did something I regret tonight  ugh and work in like 5 hours. Goodnight. Happy to be in my own bed tonight!
Goodnight Mohegan Sun. Enjoy my money 
Goodnight. Getting my blackberry. Not the dog  bummerrr.
Goodnight all. Dentist in the morning... 
@shamara99 Goodnight.  Even thought we didn't talk much...    LOL
Feeling really lousy    off to bed!!  Hopefully this cold will be better by tomorrow!?  Goodnight Twitterland!!  Sweet Dreams!
Sad, fallin asleep listening to pretty wings by maxwell on repeat. Goodnight twitter world 
Aight. i'm going to go chill w my love! Finishing up this bottle, then bed! Goodnight Twitterville  Hope your night is better than MINE!
SNL was boring tonight. We want to see Angels &amp; Demons. Goodnight. Follow us! We lost some followers 
Too much skwaness. Goodnight twittaverse! @reginareyes and @reichoole enjoy HK! Buy me McWings from McDo! 
Goodnight extremely tiring weekend... I'LL MISS YOOH! 
Ew monday; school. Goodnight 
Goodnight lindsayland. Send my doggy treats in doggy heaven 
Goodnight twizzlers. Mission avoid studying accomplished 
So sleepy. Hope josh has a safe drive. Papa has to get surgery tomorow  ah fingers crossed. Goodnight.
I'm gonna go read Eminem's autobiography and listen to LeATHERMOUTH and pretend I'm totally not still in love with her.   Goodnight.
@luwees Didn't work? Try sending it again, so it'll be there tmrw. Writing an essay.  Goodnight.
CD player won't work.  Yes I use ona those. I guess i'm stuck with STAR 105.5. Goodnight, sleep tight.
Dear California  Goodnight 
Sooooo frickin tired. N still feeling bad.  Work manana. Goodnight twits.
ugh. google has failed me again. this is three times now.  im going to bed. Goodnight Twitter bugs
Uuuggghhh.... I have a headache!  Guess it's time 4 bed... Goodnight
Dangit Orlando!!!  ...Ok I can't stay up anymore got class in the A.M....Goodnight all!!
@TerrenceJ106 Goodnight!!! Sorry ur tonight's funniest loser 
Clearly I'm an addict. Migraine is explosive. I'm seconds from tears. Goodnight tweeps! 
Have a headache  I'm going to bed. Goodnight!
marcelle loves @elsagonzalezl !!!! the ritz rocks my world!!!!! i wish i could have made it to your house  have fun!!! Goodnight Twitter
And so I go to bed, full of happy, and slightly disturbing, web surfing memories. Goodnight internets, for I must awaken at 5 AM for work 
Gotta go, I have course tomorrow  Goodnight and nice dreams!!!
Goodnight, Brooklyn. For the last time. 
Okayyyy, I'm super dee duper sleepy! I have to wake up early!  Goodnight Twitterville. Sweet dreams &lt;3
Dear twitter world. Those taco nachos are not as good as they sound from jack in the box  going to bed now. Goodnight world
Gotta go draw something christian  ...best get rly high and rock a buttplug. Goodnight.
Cute movie. Church early tomorrow. Brother still has friends over  haha I'm going to sleep. Goodnight everybody.
Goodnight y'all. Yummy food to Come tomorrow. No basketball for a few days 
Goodnight all! Gotta get up in the morning and do more work 
@riandawson Goodnight Rian! Sleepy me 
Before I burst into tears, I think I gotta close twitter and put on my iPod so I can get to sleep. &lt;/rant&gt; #mentalbreakdown Goodnight 
Goodnight Twitter, School Tomorrow so i suppose i better go to bed!!! 
@Valkesa That's no good.  Feel better. I hurt my knees when i tripped and rolled down the hill lol. Goodnight everyone.
Goodnight twitter friends!! The Movie awards was not that great 
I'm gettin sleepy...Damn, tomorrow is monday huh?  gotta wake up super early...Talk 2 ya'll tomorrow. Goodnight my tweets!!!
Wow really?  Not to many things are going my way tonight. Gotta think ahead, its the only way I'm going to get somewhere. Goodnight ppl
@__djenilin Fo sho! My batts about 2 die. Eep. Goodnight! I charged this fucker yesterday, 2. Holds no charge n e more. 
I just popped my back. It fuckin' hurt.   anyways... Going to sleeepp at my sisters house. Goodnight peeps!
I don't wanna go to bed  oh well. Goodnight y'all.
This weekend was full of missions w/ bbm minus joey though  time to sleep...happy 1st of JUNE my geminis! Goodnight my luh...-_-
- I've had enough torture to last me a lifetime! Ugh, freakin sunburn! I have blisters on my shoulders  Goodnight/morning.
Im off... Goodnight Peopless  
is tired. so tired. I have to be up painfully early tomorrow morning  Goodnight. Ox.
My body can't take it anymore. Goodnight, Tweeps! Another busy day tomorrow.  I hope it'd only take a while this time. :| See ya.
Goodnight everyone.. goin to sleep now.. Have a long busy day again tomm!  sleep well muaah!
Goodnight twitter! Working tomorrow FTL 
I hate tv adds, BORRRRINGGGG! Wish i had my UPC  OH well let's pick a good movie and then go to sleep.. Goodnight
Tummy hurts.  Goodnight world.
@StewartWade ditto!! Goodnight &amp; rest well!! Go play the lottery! I bought a ticket when I was n FL last week but no luck! 
Gross. I feel lousy after my milk and cookies so I'm going to lie down   Goodnight!
Goodnight Tweetertopia. I hope that my migranes stay at bay for tonight. I can't do that SHIT again. 
Damn wish I could stay up to watch Conan but I can't keep my eyes open  Goodnight
Off to bed now.  Got a stupidly early start in the morning    Goodnight all.
Goodnight tweeps, i'm medicated and about to be out. Ya'll pray I don't have to have surgery on my rotator cuff. The rehab didn't work 
Its unatural to play a game thatlong. Goodnight. Im really worried about channy 
So upset that I called my empa. Oh my. Goodnight 
Ohhh, my backkk!  Going to bed. Goodnight, Twitter!
Goodnight all! hoping for a better day tomorrow. Customer's were ruthless! tomorrow show be better. Gotta go in early 
Goodnight... Wednesdays are my hardest days!! 
Goodnight Tweeple, tomorrow is promising to be a day to remember, march 3rd-June 3rd... aaah I want to live that night again  ... see ya!
Mommy says its time for bed  Goodnight everyone!!
@Maestro Goodnight...Im gonna try to make the next event..missed the Mizell Brothers tribute at the Loft        really wanted to go.
Bed time. my eyes can bearly stay open anymore  Goodnight Fellow Tweeters
Goodnight twitterians. My bf makes me wait. I hate it  again, goodnight!
Getting ready to call it a night. My head hurts   Goodnight
Tonight just sucks. Sad and stressed.  SAT'S tomorrow, waking up at 6am. Goodnight.
@mattspac  sucks, and I make it worse by crying. Ugh. Goodnight kitty clat! &lt;3 ily!
Goodnight: Time to dream about the man I love who's over a thousand miles away with another woman 
Goodnight y'all. I have a terrible headache  time for me to call it a night! Here's a booty pic to dream about! http://mypict.me/2LXj
@ drdrew totally forgot my name  word reaches me all the way in Europe. Listen on Sunday in Austin to the delay. So sad. Goodnight
@sankofa1327 Goodnight lovey!!! I'm reading. Boo!  Sleep tight. Xoxo &lt;3
Goodnight everyone, so upset about the dog, animals are not toys &amp; need to be loved ! @Lexy_xo i miss you 
Rawr, I don't wanna go to bed but I must so that I can be awake tomorrow. Goodnight Twitterland. 
Goodnight Orange, whereever you are 
Going to bed now. I feel horrible  Definitely afraid it might be strep :/ Goodnight everyone.
Time to get lost in a movie or video game, buzz is leaving me  probaly for the best dont wanna wake up hung over. Goodnight twitter heads
Okay, I've had wayyy too much fun the past couple days. Tomorrow I'll be hitting the books  Goodnight/morning.
Just got off the phone with my Sunshine. Feel hella sick  Goodnight.
Im going to bed before i get blocked on facebook or my account gets deleted. I guess this is a sign. Work tomorrow  Goodnight
Holy shit!?! 01.25am and I've got school tomorrow? :o I think I have to drop Heroes today!  where did the time go? Goodnight then xx
Goodnight. Hopefully my headache won't keep me from sleeping. 
Good Night Tommorow is another big day at school  But i will make it the best of it!!! Goodnight love ya bitches.
Goodnight Twits...back to work after 9 days off   I'm definitely not ready for this!
OMG- I can't believe its going 2 b Monday already! I hate short weekends! Goodnight. 
I am headed to bed. Gotta get up bright and early  Goodnight tweeple!
K. Semi depressed.  Feel alone. Goodnight.
Bout to catch some Zzzz's. On the road again tomorrow. Another 4 days of clinical...ugh  Goodnight and God bless.
Goodnight the liquor is starting to mutate into sluggishness which will most likely end in a KO. liquor and weed always win im no match 
#iremember I took a 1996 Grand Prix  over 100,000 and ran the BEST of any car I ever had! Goodnight GM smh 
@stnihu why early rise?bet its not as early as me  You are a geek,you pull it off though..maybe.Sleeps for me now..Goodnight babygirl xxxx
Goodnight! Science exam tomorow. 
It's been a FML kinda day.  Thankfully, there's always tomorrow... Goodnight World.
Oooook...guess I'll go to sleep. I have a 6AM appointment w/tha treadmill. No smiley faces tonight...    Goodnight my sweetz xoxoxo
alright... gotta holla at this bottle of motrin then go to BED! Oh the pain...  Goodnight!
[-O] Missing a few people  wish I didn't live so far away from them. Goodnight. http://tinyurl.com/llr7sa
Soooo tired!  Goodnight twitter.
@tjlefebvre Goodnight, Teeje! I still feel bad about favouring my bad hangover mood in place of our breakfast that day  Forgive me!
I have to go offline...  im still sick !! -.- bye all Twitters ... Goodnight I love all my followers and all the stars ...  kiss
I think I'm giving up and going to bed. Studying again tomorrow  Goodnight
I miss Joel! I wish he was still with me  Getting ready for bed. Goodnight!
Sick and tired of being sick.  Heading to bed in a bit. Goodnight, you.
Too tired to play Sims 3  well i have all day tomorrow to play  lol .....well until tomorrow Goodnight TwitterWorld!
Poker is annoying but I love it... I hate bad beats   Oh well 5th out of 50 ain't bad.  Goodnight everyone :]
Goodnight. Class again tomorrow at 8am. 
Goodnight Twitter Land People ! ES is taking it in! (sniffing sadly)  until next time! yall hold it down...MUAH ! Sleep Tight
bed time... another exam tomorrow after all   Goodnight. Actual Love. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Goodnight! Sunburn, you burn 
I don't feel good  wow. When it rains on my life, it really pours. But I'm off to bed. Goodnight sun. Hopefully I will see you tomorrow
Goodnight Twitterverse. Pray I don't die tomorrow..literally. I'm scared 
@SilverSteer Too bad  Goodnight, Missy!!
Goodnight everyone. Have to be at the school in 4 hours  FML
Goodnight internets... MBP still hasn't shipped... 
Now I will only get 6 hrs sleep. Better stop playing.  Sad    Goodnight - fun evening!!
Goodnight Twitterverse  Remember,please follow @peterfacinelli and I want Alton Brown to be a tweep!!
Enough Tweeting or whatever you call it. Bedtime for Sammikat  Goodnight Twitland! XoXoX
P.S. The news makes me sad  Goodnight everyone!
Time to sleep... Bsk harus ke sunter lagi jam 9 pagi.  nge-test alat holographic. Goodnight all....
Sooo tired! Ye just know im getting woken up at about half 7 again  Sly on me! Goodnight Children xxx
Internet broken so no thursday cheesey song.   Goodnight.
Goodnight tweeperzz haha ;) Time to study 
Goodnight to an amazing day. Minus the fact that I can't get dave tickets 
Going to bed, hope im ok  Cant wait til morning to call the doc. Pray for me yall. Goodnight!
@becksdavis Yeah. I know I am being overly sensitive. I feel like I was made into a spammer. I don't like spammers   Goodnight
#inaperfectworld id be with my bf  Oh well...#Goodnight
Goodnight all you tweetaholics. I gotta go to work this afternoon. Vacation's over. 
Goodnight. Too bad i'm not in wyoming 
Adivino que tendre que dormir. I need some rest..  Goodnight! Goodmorning too.
Still got LSC tomorrow! And I need to east socks'! My poor feet!!  oh well.. Goodnight people!
Goodnight! Go watch PPP @ddlovato @selenagomez its amazing, made me cry when Demi was looking out the window crying :\ 
Ugh sick. Goodnight everyone. Friday FAIL! 
Goodnight everyone!!!  Must go to bed, we have a 12hr sale at work tomorrow, it's going to be brutal!!   
Goodnight ocean city maryland, ive enjoyed my stay here. Im gonna miss this place so much. 
@CityGirl912  Goodnight! Sweet dreams!
Just woke up from a pretty horible dream.  What's the beef REM? Hmm back to sleep. Goodnight twittersphere.
I think I've caught whatever flu bug is going around.  Took some chesty cough &amp; headed to bed. Goodnight folks!
@TickleMeJoey Goodnight Joe, 
Bye bye I must turn the laptop off   Goodnight for all of you ;-) Zzzzz...
Is off to bed because I have to work tomorrow    Goodnight everyone- Expesh the McFly boys, You make me laugh &amp; I love you! X
Cannot stand anymore of these atrocities. Need some sleep. Goodnight world. May tomorrow morning bring peace on this shitty word. 
Bedtime. Goodnight everyone. I love you! You're mean  mwah!        i'm waiting for that to get old...
@Geostar216 Goodnight 
Goodnight! Have to get up super early to bring cate to boston 
I'm so tired. Work took a lot out of me today.  well tomorrow I sing in the morning. Ehh and I'm sick. I know I sound naggy. Goodnight.
I'm going to sleep. Goodnight i have to work nine to two tomorrow. Meaning no  facebook or twitter. 
Damn not even my brother send love thats crazy  well I love ya! Goodnight :' (
I have a cut on my finger.  Going to bed. Goodnight twitter!
Well my night was kinda made sad   no nightly goodnight call for me  oh well. Goodnight world
Ugh! George Lopez isn't on!  iam off to bed then. Goodnight twitter babes! 
Goodnight tweeters! The A has been great. Sad that I'm leaving 
Goodnight - Not really, I just wanted to be in the trending topics 
Back at the hotel! I'm flying home tomorrow  Goodnight
Goodnight my sex goddess. Im in bed... but ur not here  maybe some other time
2am...early but calling it a night. head and throat hurting  ...Goodnight Glamberts and sleepwalkers! Sweet dreams 
Thighs and feet are killin  Shaybaby ily! You were so like my girlfriend for the day aha. Goodnight to a fun day and to all you tweeties(:
Home from what felt like Sober House Now going to sleep I has to wake up early tomorrow  Goodnight tweeters!
I gotta go now.  I`ll sleep early today. No cable. ((( I even know why. :| ugh. Goodnight Twitterland. Dream of me. 8-&gt;
On the phone with Vinh. Goodnight.  http://plurk.com/p/13vttm
Goodnight world. Unfortunately I must set my alarm for extra early so I'm not late for 9am meeting  Sleep well. Dream sweet. Happy Friday.
Well, tomorow should be fun. I don't know why! But I'm tired. Goodnight kids 
Good sense won. Squeaky clean and off to dream. Goodnight 
@Alleycat24 Goodnight 
Goodnight twitterland! Belle and I are going for walks and adventures tomorrow! 
Hitting the hay! YAWN! Goodnight!  xoxo
TCK is going to bed. When I wake up, it's warm up and get to work!  Goodnight World!
@jaredleto Goodnight Jared! btw, the yearbooks look beautiful 
@deirdresm Goodnight, Deirdre... hope you feel better tomorrow. 
Goodnight World  ... ...
thinks it is time for bed. Man!!! the sun is coming up and I can hear people already leaving for work. Goodnight twitter bugs. 
I am going to bed, it has been a busy and somewhat eventful day. I am to start IVF soon. I am excited!!! Goodnight all 
Goodnight  (Before I get in trouble...)
Goodnight friends  (((HUG))) hubbys almost home so not much chat for me for 2 weeks. I'll check in tho!
Goodnight Twitterverse.  Thank you all for the #followfriday and for all your sweet comments and follows/retweets. Really going this time
Need sleep. Going dark. Goodnight dear Twitterverse.  
I'm sleepy so I'm going to the bed ! Goodnight Everybody 
I am out now tweeps. Off to bed for me. Goodnight all! Dream loud. 
I applied at YMCA, did Gov't and Ag...I'm done being productive. Goodnight 
@everyone...Goodnight and Tweet Dreams 
Hittin the pillows twitchez!! *officially just stole that word from @LolaBunny21* thanks!!!  Goodnight yall! Church Tomorrow! YAY :o)
Goodnight TWITTERLAND! Hopefully I can wake up to an @socialscope update 
Rangers won. Redbulls won. Tonight was a good night for me. Goodnight 
Goodnight @nkotb Have fun tonight !! Can't wait till your back in Toronto  @jordanknight stay sexy baby !!
Ahh i'm so effin tired. Goodnight love! Shopping tomorrow 
Watching Fresh Prince, then off to bed! Goodnight and sweet dreams!!! 
im leaviinnggg! its been a looong, hot and BORED dayy.. see u all later  Goodnight &amp; Goodbyee! take careee&lt;3.
Goodnight, Moon.    The ORELA is over, I think I even passed.
Prom was amazing  i'm SUPER tired so i'ma sleep soon. Goodnight twitter 
Goodnight world. It's gonna get better keep your heads up from los angeles to Tokyo and all in between. 
@JonathanRKnight Goodnight Jon...we will miss you   I am glad you made it home safe and sound 
Mmmmm, Cum-nom-nom-nom    Sleep time! Goodnight everyone!! xoxox
- I never thought the word &quot;randomly&quot; could be so funny until my husband just said it! Cracking up haha ... Goodnight all  Be blessed...
Goodnight Shelby! &lt;2 Ill see you tomorrow  sleep none other than the best of sleep!
todd = saviour. Goodnight Facebook  
Tweet u later. Goodnight, see u in my dreams tonight. @thelackofcolors yeah sure. Ur welcome. 
is falling asleep to 'Comfortable' by John Mayer. Sir, you are beautiful at song writing. Goodnight to all 
Goodnight Twitter world! Gotta get up early 'cause dad needs to get gas in the morning &amp; STARBUCKS 
Went to meijers tonight with rachel bill and my mom. I have class tomorrow. I hope i see her soon.  Goodnight.
@theroser Goodnight Jason 
Goodnight world. Today was a good day. 
Goodnight to all fakes and god bless the ones who think they're real. Oh I forgot....God Bless my fat ass too!  Goodnight
On the phone with Joshua and then most likely bed time. Goodnight everyone 
Goodnight World 
alright, gonna try to get some shuteye. Maybe read for a bit first.  Goodnight!
Goodnight everybody! So glad to be Johnny's mommy and your twitter friend! 
@dmitriy_usher Sweet dreams sexy boy!!!Goodnight sexy boy! 
@MariahCarey Goodnight Mariah..sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite 
I am hitting the sheets.. right after The Tudors.  Goodnight, Twitters 
This is what i call going to sleep early... before 3.00 AM. Goodnight twitterland! 
Going to sleep. A lot of stuff happened today. Too much for one day acutally. Whatever. Goodnight 
Goodnight, Tweeps!  Change nothing about yourselves... 
Going to sleep. Still cant get twitter on my phone. ill try again tomorrow. Goodnight 
Goodnight twitters! Done with my work &amp; need to go to bed now! Good morning! 
Home now. Eating then dreaming. Loving life... Maybe cuz it feels like summer...  school 2morrow. Goodnight!
@ludovicah Goodnight, Louise. 
Goodnight! Well, actually, good morning! 
@DannieG8R Well then I'm holding my face shaking my head going &quot;oh no you di'nt&quot; but I look at my watch and realize I gotta go. Goodnight 
@krizzthina1993 Well, I guess we will talk another day. Goodnight Cris 
Goodnight world. Pray i get a job tomorrow 
I like Ohio 2night lol! Just finished reviewing all materials 4 2morrow..! 5am gym call then workshops startin @ 8am...Goodnight 
@HPGirl Goodnight HPGirl  Sweet dreams
@IAMtheCOMMODORE Haha, everyone wants chocolate. Bring us some! Goodnight 
Goodnight.  See you when thee sun rises.  [i w a n t s t r i f y ! ]
@dannywood Goodnight!  We all love you as well 
@PlumberzCrack Goodnight. Sweet dreams. 
@msleo816 Goodnight! Have a great one 
Tired, got to get up early tomorrow to pick up kid. Then help out a friend.  Goodnight everyone. 
Hot shower is the perfect remedy to a stressful day, mmhmm. Now I'm watching Clueless before bed. Goodnight, Twitterverse. 
Sleep, read, sleep again, then Canton Sunday morning.  Yup.  I'm ready for this!    Goodnight.
Just talked to @linnix which was the perfect finish to a great night!  Goodnight Twitterverse.
@Ladyalana Goodnight sweetie!! And we'll talk more about tweeting song lyrics another time. See, I DO listen... 
@Radio_Lady I'm not trying to be a source for you. You came to me, not vice versa. Goodnight my friend 
I'll cough up my Uvula... no, seriously. Umm, thats way to graphic and disgusting but oh well! Goodnight for real this time 
Goodnight. Tomorrow is a new day 
@rachel1975 I'm signing out, I can't stand this abuse!! OK, I'm frakking tired is all.  Goodnight! 
Goodnight Twitters. 
Wonderful day talking and playing wow with him. Actually can't wait to wake up tomorrow... How odd... lol. Goodnight tweeters!!! 
Goodnight Sweetheart, well it's time to go...do do do do.... 
Goodnight and sweet dreams. Be safe, blessings! 
Just got home with Bri bri, hehe interesting night. Goodnight 
I think I'm gonna start reading my new novel. I might end up watching Friends. Goodnight Twitterers! See y'all tomorrow. 
Last count for the day on the facebook group is 11,210.  Goodnight my fellow Aussie Ellen fans 
Goodnight &amp; Goodbye! I'm gonna watch Hotel For Dogs again! yiphee! 
Sing me to sleep, Ill see you in my dreams. Goodnight twitter world 
*yawns* I REALLY need to go to bed, so tired, and it's only 11:30! Goodnight Twitter-world!  Pleasant dreams.
Bride Wars is such a cute movie! I kind of figured out how it was going to end right away, but still really cute! Goodnight Twitterloves 
Goodnight people. Be excellent to each other, and may The Force be with you 
Time to crash. Goodnight guys! 
Goodnight good peoples. See u tomorrow 
Goodnight.... Or should I say Goodmorning 
@Ron_Starr Goodnight 
Goodnight Twitterland  LONNNNGGG Day.
Goodnight twitterland. See ya manana! And for those of u who just called my fanline, i'll call u back tomorrow cuz im tiiiired  muah!
I really need to get me a pair of skates... Goodnight Twitter world 
I'm off to bed for an early night. Goodnight All. Sweet Dreams 
Heh, I love Samuel L. Jackson. And film Long Kiss Goodnight with him playing the main carater is just great 
@Morticia626 Goodnight. Sweet dreams 
Going to bed! Goodnight all u twitters!  Rev 22:21
Goodnight y'all 
Goodnight and Goodbye 
Goodnight, Tweeps. 
Goodnight everyone!  Kuzco and I are heading to dreamland! 
I'm outta here. Fun night to the max. Goodnight 
@dequese LOL!  I used to watch them at my pops house when I would visit when I was about 15.  Them softcore pornos...haha  Goodnight 
@rachel1975 Easy! I know, just keeding.  I'm calling it a night. Why? Because it's frakking dark, that's why. Goodnight all!
I am finally going to bed! Tomorrow is going to be a long day...Goodnight 
Calling it...1:47 AM.   Goodnight, tweeps 
@JoelMadden So sorry for tweeting to you..I should have read your tweet right the first time and I would have just said Goodnight.  
I have been called by my friend the bed. It is time to acknowledge the inevitable.  Goodnight All, Hello Sleep 
Eh, I've gotta go to bed anyways. Goodnight. 
@DonniesCupcake I will tweet you sometime tomorrow, anothe busy day! Goodnight Hooker Chickie! LOL! 
Going to sleep with Horton.  Goodnight, Twitterverse &lt;3
@luluberry_0981 LOL I was going to do some homework, but kind of got distracted... Again...  Goodnight! 
Sittin at home, hellllllllsssssss yeah   Got the girrrrrl, the boysssss &amp; 2 mangy cats, this is a good time in my life.  Goodnight twitter
JONAS was absolutely heartwarming. Now, time for bed. Goodnight!  @Jonasbrothers
Good show, sleepytime. Goodnight moon 
@MsEDU Tyler Perry is Hilarious! I think I will.  I'm off to bed though so I tweet ya in the morning. Goodnight!
Have you ever been so exhausted your entire body aches? I'm there! Lights out - Goodnight little tweets...sleep tight 
Goodnight and Goodbye ? 
OMG, time to sleep, today was an horror, i really hope best weekends *---*..Goodnight buddies 
@Captain_Janeway OOC: Goodnight 
Goodnight Beautiful world  sweet dreams. olive juice!
Goin to bed. Goodnight everyone. 
Perfect way to end a totally boring day? Sleep. Goodnight 
Gotta get up early to spend some time with my mommy before I go to work, so I'm off to bed. Goodnight twitter 
Alright, I think it's time for bed...even though I'll probably surf the net for another hour before I go to sleep lol! Goodnight 
@pcsketch Well I am going to get off now so I'll talk to you later. Goodnight and good dreams 
@Kool_Aid16 Goodnight! 
The most epic weekend I've had in atleast a year. Night cap with @aaron_matthes and @trumpy03. 2 hours of sleep in 3 days! Goodnight 
I am soooo saying this phrase now &quot;Stop be so false&quot; thanks to some @aliciaway &quot;hater&quot;/yoda person!  Goodnight and stop be so false!!
Driving fast is SO much fun. I went 80 in a 25. Hahaha. Goodnight! 
&quot;you said &quot;darling what happened? did I fall asleep, and you carry me home? Cuz I know I wasn't here&quot;&quot; Goodnight twitterererers 
Goodnight world  Darn exams all this week.
@DavidArchie Goodnight! Have a safe flight 
Goodnight ppl!! Long day tomorrow: work + studio! Have a great night 
@Morticia626 Goodnight. It's been fun. Sweet dreams  #nowicanwatchmyshow
@TSStechAngel ;) Goodnight babe. Off to bed 
Watching &quot;my cousin vinnie&quot; with grandma, then bed. Goodnight Michael! 
w00t. Done. Goodnight everyone. 
Goodnight ya all... I'm finally in bed. Denny is snoring away... Wish I could let u hear. He never believed me that he snores.  Blessings!
I love you so much Abi. Goodnight little sis 
Goodnight Foxxy!!  
Takin my daily round trip vacation to Dreamland. Talk to you all when I get back! Goodnight 
Goodnight twitters!!  Love ya!
Going to Kentwood in the morning! Goodnight! 
@wondrous_as_u Goodnight....hug Mike for me. 
@princesssuperc http://twitpic.com/50vrw - Beautiful As Allways!!  Goodnight, Sleep Well!! 
Going to wash all this makeup off and call it a night ! Tomorrow will be a good day, i know it  Say your prayers everyone ! Goodnight x
Goodnight y'all! 
about to hit the sack. Davis tomorrow!!! wooo!!!!  Awesome day talkin spiritual stuff w/ my homies in the Bay [: Goodnight world
Goodnight tweets!!!!! Sweet dreams, don't forget to plan something nice for someone who doesn't expect it tomorrow 
@BlakeSummers Thanks Blake!! Goodnight to you too  kiss here...kiss there...ppccchhhuuaahhh :}
:: Home Sweet Home YES!  Goodnight  ::
Goodnight Twitterverse 
Done Checking ... Goodnight! 
Goodnight twitter.  My oh my, it's just getting earlier and earlier every day ...
Going to bed. Locking my doors. If I die, it's part of a conspiracy. Lol. Goodnight. 
@nick_carter I hope that you are okay . Goodnight  You are fantastic.
@GuitarLove08 Goodnight! EEP! I can't wait for tomorrows!  Bahah, that part was hilarious.
Fun night  superr tired. Goodnight world.
I'll be back twitter!  Naw I'll just take it in now!  Goodnight!  
So tired I can't even keep my eyes open back to work 2morrow. Booo! Goodnight twits 
Dozing off in front of my so-out-of-date television set... watching old episodes of Angel. ~Goodnight~ Sleep is looking awfully great 
Watching RENT and crying like a baby! Going to bed soon! Goodnight loveies! 
Big day for the Lakers tomorrow...I hope they show UP.  Goodnight Twitterland XOXO
I am off to bed.  Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams! 
Goodnight Cody 
I am going to head off to bed. Goodnight Everyone! 
Goodnight!  pop concert over so now it's bedtime! Agh hella tire 3'oclock in the morning.....
Goodnight Twitterverse. Today was a good one. Lets keep it up! 
Yeah im DEADD. ANTM is takin my life away. Its kinda hot. bummer. Goodnight guys. Happy birthday boo  !
Epic night  time for bed I'm pooped... Goodnight
spent a very long time on IMVU chatting. Goodnight 
Sleepy time! Goodnight  meeting tomorrow at 9 :p an hour of chillin with the coolest co workers. Well cept one I know isn't showing up :p
Gotta go to sleep .. I have to save energy for our Camp tommorow ..   Goodnight everyone !
Goodnight for now...Got stuff to do tomorrow  Need to donate some old books  Lights off!
Well I am actually going to school tomorrow, so I better go to bed  Goodnight x
got to go, sleepy @AnoopDoggDesai, thanks again for the pics. Have a nice &amp; meaningful day, guys!! ;) Goodnight, Godbless   
off to bed. Goodnight/Afternoon Questies! and everyone else! peace! haha 
&quot;You don't know what you do,everytime you walk into the room I'm afraid to move, I'm weak it's true&quot; -Ryan Cabrera   Goodnight erryone&lt;3
@musicfan4life Awe, okay. Love you!! Goodnight Virginia! 
Going to relax and watch a movie.  Love to all.....xoxox  Goodnight 
Bleh! cant study right now, although i should. going to sleep. Goodnight &lt;3 
Goodnight to all my friends in Twitterville! Tweet ya soon! 
@samantharonson Thanks for the warning! Luckily i'm gay so the chances of my husband being called Peterson are v.low, phew! Goodnight 
Goodnight. Early start 2moro. 
Watchin CSI, falling asleep.. Goodnight 
Emilia Bedilia left to go to the airport... I'm alone at work... I think I'll blast some tunes... Goodnight my fellow tweeters!! 
Alright guys. I'm out! Goodnight everyone. 
Well I'm going to try and sleep, follow me &amp; stuff  Goodnight
Ok going to bed for real. Goodnight! 
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams 
Goodnight Everybody sweeet dreams 
Off to bed! Goodnight Loves&lt;3 
SO not tired. Updating my ipod. And burning him a CD. Goodnight 
Going to sleep. Pretty exhausted. Wish I didn't have school in the morning. But I do. Goodnight, twitsville. 
Goodnight everyone about to knock out on my big bed big week ahead starting tomorrow  EXCITED !!!!!!
Goodnight tweeties!! Another hot day tomorrow. Talk to you guts later. Watching some office episodes while I fall asleep. 
@lovehound Goodnight!   Burning eyes should be a warning to go to sleep, but i'm going /them being a suggestion.
oki doki I'm off to bed! i got class at 10:30! Goodnight y'all &lt;33 When i get back imma register my golden ticket 
Goodnight!!! No more dreaming of food 
@RealWizKhalifa Ur Takin Forever. Im Goin To Sleep.Goodnight 
Shower, then bed. Goodnight my fellow twatters 
On one hand is Fuzzball, on the other hand is Goodnight  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
just watched Taken, and is now off to bed. Goodnight  &lt;3
@sethsimonds You mean your following #  Goodnight Seth!
Goodnight, Twitter people.  You ROCK!
Okay Tweeters, I am going to bed now... Goodnight  xoxoxoxo
Finally going to bed. BLEH. See you all tomorrow. Goodnight 
And hopefully I'll be at a Reno wedding tmrw ;) And hopefully @staceeeeee &amp; @jesseeeeee made it to ikea. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Fudge! Goodnight! 
@Syesha  Goodnight Syesha. Sweet dreams. 
Movie was pretty good! Now to count some sheep.. Goodnight all! Sweet dreams 
is having an early night with the help of a little Sleep Aid and Edward from Twilight! Goodnight!!! zzZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzz 
Goodnight! Off to dream about being able to say that I have a degree, not that I have completed uni and am &quot;pending graduation&quot;. 
Is it 3 yawns and I turn into a pumpkin or 4?  Better be off before I find out!  Goodnight tweeties! 
Goodnight Twitter world!! time to shut off the brain for a little while 
I was about to go offline, then something good happened. )) Yay me. Goodnight... in a while..  Twitterverse.
Tummy be hurten Goodnight goodnight my goodfriens. 
Time to turn in.  Goodnight, Tweeties...hasta luego 
@HawaiiRealty Goodnight my friend! Sweet dreams! God Bless! 
Goodnight guys it's 7:43 AM Where I am 
@wasabisauce Goodnight to you Laine! And good luck with exams and results 
Goodnight ily drew and thomas! Ahh I love VFC generally!! 
Goodnight everyone.... You too @Lacouvee !!     See you tomorrow
@superjeniffer08 Sleep nako ah. 3 a.m. na kasi. hehe Nice to meet you pala Jennifer. Goodnight? Morning na pala. Goodafternoon naman dyan 
Goodnight my twiggas  Make sure say your prayers before u close your eyes and drift off into wonderland. Bless
Recently came back from my 5k run, just in time before the rain! PHEW! Goodnight all! 
Goodnight my Twitter friends! Sweet Dreams! 
Tonight was SO WEIIIIRD. But whatever. Exhausted. Reading my Bible and then getting some sleep! Goodnight! 
@andrewtleung Good luck drew, probably see you tomorrow. Possibly pick you up from school?  K, time for bed. Goodnight.
Sleepy time.. Goodnight tweetnesses 
Heading to bed night everyone, @Alonis Goodnight and Locked in, have a great friday!! 
Goodnight everyone! See you soon 
Goodnight Twittererz!!!  I have begun 2 write down my dreams upon waking as an excercise in lucid consciousness. Talk 2morrow friends. 
Wrecked it. Frankenstein essay and New cbnq song. Cbnq and I FTW!  W.S.T.W.W.D? Goodnight
@SugarPlumKelly Goodnight Kelly!! 
Goodnight all. Long day, need my rest to start tomorrow's weekend shift. Til manana! Sweet dreams 
Day dreaming of Fuzzball and Goodnight  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
Goodnight SF 
I need to go now. Rest the pc, my fingers, my brain, &amp; my whole body. Goodnight in advance! Tweet dreams. xo 
Goodnight Tweeples.  Going to snuggle up and read in bed...a luxury these days 
Time for bed I thinks, had a strange night tonight... Goodnight everyone! 
Ive finally come to peace of mind when it comes to these fuckas. Im just not dealin with them.  Goodnight twitts I love you guys forever
Goodnight Twitter &amp; everyone in the world :E hahah  LoveYaGuys!&lt;3
Tonights conversations were enlightning. Informative and Constructive.  Goodnight Twittz!
I have just written my last Current Event EVER. I am now going to bed.  Goodnight! Sleep well, Max, and good luck on your exams. &lt;3
Time for my nightly ritual of lauging at something funny before I hit the sack... Goodnight all! 
I'm gonna go knock out. Goodnight everyone. Till tomorrow my beautiful followers. Haha 
OK, must go to bed now. Got through first 4 chapters of MS. Loving it so far. Goodnight! 
Exhausted , Goodnight wooorld  !
Wait...what is this? Kelsey going to bed at 1030? Something is horribly wrong in the world. Goodnight twatter. 
MVP Baseball And Pasta.. And I'm out Goodnight TWIGGAS!!! 
my picture shows up if you follow me, I swear   I'm so tired!  Goodnight everyone.  Pyro is wonderful &lt;3
Had a good day. Zoo tomorrow, yay!  I miss my sister and baby. Goodnight.
Goodnight twitterland! Fallin asleep next to my baby! 
Exciting news coming shortly   Goodnight Twitter friends
Ditto. Goodnight 
Goodnight   Dentist in the morning (For real this time). Then Liturgy, test, whatever.
Goodnight california. Flying in 6 hours- 
Goodnight Y'all twitters.. tnx for suppoting me.. lol..ahahha..enrollment tomorrow.. 
@cjredwine Goodnight! SK stay good. 
Sleepy, going to bed in a few minutes. Goodnight everyone! 
Goodnight Twitter. I have twang my last twit twill twomorrow. I thought I saw a twutty cat... I'm twit twired so...Gwoodnight. Smiles... 
@whatabout_ken Goodnight Ken! Sweet dreams of #Kradam 
Going to bed since I'm exhausted. Waking up at 8 is not fun. No work tomorrow...which is also not fun either. Too boring. LOL  Goodnight!
Goodnight Everybody sweeet dreams 
@X0BlackRoseX0 Goodnight Jess, ill head 2 bed myself in like an hour or so 
Sleep time! Would you prefer a sweet dream OR a beautiful nightmare?! Either way..Goodnight Twitterville!! 
Goodnight Everybody sweeet dreams 
Venture Bros. has to be one of the best shows.  Its just so good. Oh, look there! Ding, 200th tweet  Goodnight!
Okay, I need to get some sleep...  Goodnight Twitterverse! 
Goodnight to all!  Tomorrow will be a great day. Always is. @pshbrittx3 What's wrong? Text me. I love my new shoes, too. &lt;3 Fly with me!
Will&amp;Grace &lt;3 Everyones sleeping except me and arren.  Im going to sleep.  Goodnight 
Sharp pain in my side *sigh* idk why I think I landed the wrong way while doing a few flips on the trampoline LOL  Goodnight Twitterworld 
Goodnight!! Curling up to watch Seinfeld and sleep! 
I'm very grateful.  Time for bed, I have work at 8:45a.m. tomorrow morning. I have to eat breakfast, too. Goodnight world.
Goodnight Loves 
Goodnight Sweetheart:  http://bit.ly/nuJEK 
Whew! I'm beat! I am stripping down and going to bed!  Goodnight!!
Just got home from the grad party and now I'm about to take some Tylenol and Vick's so I can knock out! Goodnight. 
Nevermind! I'm going to sleep and I will study tomorroe in the morning! Goodnight twitters! 
Goodnight tweets  Too much unexpectedness going on :p
@bobbyedner Bobby this not good,you're missing all the basketball games! This is not like YOU! Ahaha jaykay (: Goodnight see you manana! 
GF booked us tix to Frisco! Goodnight.   http://myloc.me/1XJK
I'm gonna see UP tomorrow with Sarah Woohoo!. Goodnight 
@TikkaMadsen Goodnight  Thank you 
2 a.m. already, where did the night go? Goodnight Twitterland 
is gonna try to get some sleep tonight. Excited about the potluck tomorrow!  Goodnight humans
@frogboy229 Goodnight and sweet dreams to ya, Rhyse! 
@mattsingley Its good afternoon in India   Goodnight tweet dreams
Goodnight Twitheads. I have a busy day tomorrow. Gettin ready for my baby's birthday 
Goodnight Tweeter world  This is wayyy past my bedtime!
Goodnight. Especially to you 
Goodnight Twitter...thanks for listenin' to me and my crazy stories.  I'm sure there will be more for tomorrow 
@SummerXoxo Ah yes. And I have graduation practice. Alrighty.  good luck to you as well. Goodnight.
Well everyone I am off to bed. I have to get up early. To all my new followers welcome and I look forward to twitting with u. Goodnight 
Okay, I'm going to bed now... Goodnight Tweeters..xoxoxoxo 
@Asiaver - We'll plan this out. Later. I'm off to bed. Goodnight dude! 
