Most common words for this cluster:
[('got', 1202), ('ta', 288), ('today', 149), ('day', 86), ('work', 80), ('home', 75), ('night', 64), ('time', 59), ('amp', 56), ('tomorrow', 52), ('get', 52), ('quot', 48)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Got', 0.9445979595184326), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.677647054195404), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.6756702065467834), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.6754295825958252), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.6633471846580505), (u'Cooler_Than', 0.6628950238227844), (u'Want', 0.6605262160301208), (u'LifeFiles', 0.6572964191436768), (u'Gotten', 0.6569067239761353), (u'Birthday_Quiz', 0.655605673789978)]





Job Interview in Cardiff today, wish me luck! Got about 3 hours sleep 
Got to take Cleo to the vets. Not sure what's wrong with her but she's feeling very sorry for herself. 
Gnah! Inner tube exploded. Gotta get a taxi to work or be late. 
Awake ..why can't I sleep..... Got to work @ 6AM -4hours 
Got better at Vegas 2 today! &amp; had a blast w/everyone tonight! sucks that chick was talkin trash @ the end  watevs yo
Heard AT&amp;T selling mini laptops for 50 bucks. Got excited, then learned that the special was only for Atlanta/Philly. 
Can anyone recommend a router with *good* wi-fi reach? Got a Netgear WNR834B v2 now, but connection with the iPod keeps dropping 
Bout to start studyin! Got LGS test tonight 
@all_stars_fade, I'm lame! I forgot to tell ya about her appt! It went well, he's growing so fast! Got her 2nd HEP shot  but all is well!
Got most the way to ASDA and road closed due to am accident, driving to other now. So hungry 
Got to finish this work... Exam stuff... 
Got only 4 hours of sleep  Off to Pomona!
In for a long, long day  Got to the track at Northampton 12:30, racing starts 6:30, probably won't be back home before midnight - boohoo!
@BriggySmalls - won't be able to make it   Got stuck running around! Have a pint for me! I'll see you on monday. Go gunners
Ah I had a dream that I woke up and there was a snow outside. AH it sucked  but it's a nice day! Got a meeting at 1:30. Work from home FTW
Layin Down...super sore from workin out (3 days ago) like T-Pain say oooooweeeee!! Gotta go to work today...   Make dis money  
I think my #macbook is demaged  Got a green line on the top. During a reboot I can still see my last screen...    http://twitpic.com/3j6jx
Road trip axed. Gotta catch up on a few things around here. Like Springtini  ...and spring cleaning. 
Driving back to Bartlesville. Gotta work tonight 
Muddy shoes suck! Gotta clean my car now 
Friday: Biked 10.62 miles in 70 minutes (www.logyourrun.com). Tried out another bit of the Trans Pennine. Got lost again. 
Crap! Forgot lipstick &amp; straw hat. And I know they'll interview me today. Got SPF50 but woulda liked to look good for interview 
Got lost on the way to the hike  ended up at the ocean and now drinkin in Weho
@dannywood I am looking forward the summer tour!  Gotta go to Concord cause you aren't coming to Sactown again  but i will be where U are
Got a binary clock on my itouch, but now I can't see my Aperature Science battery 
@roberge No - Flash bug. Got lots of complaints too today about voting section not showing www.tr.im/CUBE4copaco  My prob's related to IE 
Just ordered a new bag from Urban Outfitters!  Woo-hoo!  Time to retire this old one.  Going to bed now.  Gotta be up early   Night all!
Ahh! Its been raining all day! Got like 15 in. of rain ,So sadd  But went to go see ATL. Made it soo much better; fo sho.
Is anyone else watching You've Got Mail right now? Rockstar. I need the pickup. It's one hit after another for my ppl the last couple wks 
Got Behind on Email Questions, only 4 left to answer  .... http://tinyurl.com/6x7kmr
Got ready and leaving back to Paris in a couple of hours! 
Stuck in the worlds slowest check in. Gotta love the airport 
@FionaMassie exactly same as me, bad, bad, bad. ABC starts tomorrow. Got friends coming round today for dinner 
Got injured in the process at 16k mark. Wasted good lead time. Limping arounf now. 
Gotta take my very cool Mom to airport   She'll be back for next gig in May.... keep you posted on that one. twitter.com/nickirichards
Got 2 in footy tips this week  Average for footytips.com.au was 3.5, well below the 5.1 of last week. 'twas a bad round for all
Just woke up. Gotta do math for an hour todaay!  Wanna go back to sleep
Beautiful day in Rio today.... Gotta work though... 
I have wasted a whole night youtubing past Britain's Got Talent auditions when I should have been working on design project. Fail 
studying Chemistry... Got up to pg 15 in three days  that not including the 5 chapters of reading material, just the workbook..
Weekends almost over  if only the weekdays went by as fast....Gotta make the best out of whats left huh...Cheerios lool
Got up, had eggs, and did my stripper aerobics. Realized I do some of those moves when bored but for no one 
right, one more hour of practice and then the rest of the day is free. Got to sort the Eb clarinet out 
Just took my FAA knowledge exam. Got a 95  70 is passing, so I should not complain too much.
1. Got my documents back, yay! 2. Landlady's husband is in the hospital 
@Fearnecotton Who Got Number One in the end?? Missed it 
Hot waters run out, so will have to continue with c/wk, ergh. Graphics now. Poop. Gotta wait for water to warm up 
Morning tweets. Back to work today  I suppose I gotta earn a crust. Done a night without booze. Got to keep it up all week.
Back to work after hol  Slept in spare room so i'd be fresh this morn. Was in bed by 9 too! Got up early and even did 30mins of Wii fit!
Morning! Got loads to do today  but looking forward to going Oxford tonight!
SUNDAY FUNDAY has come to an end.   AHHH FOOOEY!!  Gotta sleep now &amp; take my boy to the airport dumb early!. The things I do 4 friends!
Alice is hilariously messy! Got lots to do today 
Got up late, aw man thats more time wasted now. Gota get in the zone 
Got up a 5 a.m. to workout and now I'm exhausted. Really wish I had a Red Bull 
Got through a puny weekend. T &amp; H off to AZ this week  Rome is slowly building, ie, borders are being added to y new quilt top.
Got an email from my Aunt she and my uncle aren't doing well...at all  makes me feel guilty since I am
@ashumittal YUP.  Gotta count our blessings &amp; try to not dwell on the $1k of &quot;stuff&quot; that short circuited this week &amp; needs replacing. 
Finally awake. Gotta work 2:30-7:30  Happy 4/20 
Madly wrapping up things in Bangkok office before transfer to Rome over weekend. Got my handover note done. Now just paperwork  yuck
Omggg. Another allnighter  Gotta catch up though. Fack. I love alex. K bye
@Lyn_Pips lol good thanks. Got some boring stuff coming up today though 
Only Had 2 hours Sleep  dam it - Got a day off college wipwee =]  Lovin the weater @ the moment.If u see an orange tou rbus pass tell me x
Got in a little argument via SMS with my mummy. Over an exercise ball. 
Damn it! Got a press Invite for the Wolverin and Star Trek, but can't make it to either 
Gotta love the bloody NHS!!!! 
@p_money Got any Sydney gigs planned? It's been a while 
Bummed. Got lost had to cancel movie tickets 
Got a busy day in the morning. Feels like I will never get time to see the movie Obsessed. 
Morning. Gotta work today.  at least it's kinds wet and cold today in ' bonnie Scotland'.
morning everybody! Just watching Sonny With a Chance for the first time lol. Got work later  I wanna day off to enjoy the sun! xoxo
Got all my RFID kit and toys with me, but forgot the RFID passports 
Got it -- Touchstone House. Was a lovely old building  Pic here from new develpment going up across the rd: http://snipurl.com/h7n2t
Got bitten by Amazon's eventual consistency. Bought 6 kindle books for the upcoming trip, can't download 5 of them 
[Retweet] Got all my RFID kit and toys with me, but forgot the RFID passports  -  http://bit.ly/gOElB
Spent an hour getting the dead french bugs off of my Bike the went to fill the tank for tonight SERV duty. Got home and the bugs are back 
@ThisIsRobThomas Got laid off here in Dubai 
's Stomach hurts.. Gotta go to the hospital 
Was listening to Lauryn Hill-I Got Find Peace of Mindhttp://tinyurl.com/cwaghl and my IPod died.  
Got a migraine  I don't think the JD is helping it
@th3maw Looks like I'm going to be late  Stupid Britain's Got Talent is to blame too!
Still plugging away at my project. Got a lot done fortunately, yaye! Hopefully I'll be finished by tomorrow. Weekend has gone by too fast 
Got a bunch of water in the jeep because I'm a dumbass and forgot to put the cover on last night. Removed carpet and pulled drain plugs. 
Got up at 7 am to do text updates about ESWC. Shame cant get stream working on my MAC 
Ni nite tweeter world. Gotta clean all day tomorrow  yuck! Lady better come on mon dammit. I cant take much more of this!
Got off work,   @glenda c slipped me a red bull.  still up after 4 hours. Woo.  mad at book im reading. 
Got a notice letter from building manager regarding excessive noise from 2108. Attached is a list of dates and time when music was loud! 
Morning all ... Wakey uppy time ... Got bunch of sh*** to do today 
Got somes  good sleep here in the Dyt. im ready to get on home to studyin tho  Jesser jo*
Watching Britains Got Talent, the sad songs bring a tear to my eye lmao 
@tbridge I surfaced! I surfaced! Got sidetracked on the way to afterparty. Heading to BWI now. 
@ZenGrifter The Secret Millionaire! Got some spare tissues? 
Going to bed now. Night night everyone. Gotta do some LLW revision tomorrow 
Got my EMPTY PC back.   Gotta start from the beginning.
Plenty of room on flight 2 India. Got a row all 2 myself. #Continental won't let me move up 2 bus. cls ahead of me... totally open 2 
Got to go find a good bedtime snack, still have some calories left for the day. Worst part of dieting: always thinking about food 
@GinaGallina Cinderella is my cat. Got her after Kaiser died. She's cool. Gettin her def took the edge off losing him. Poor boy 
Wow what a awsome day. High of 72!  Gotta go back to work tomorow.  Tissa and her six will sleep, shop, eat, shop, sleep then sightsee. 
Got back from Jackies just now. I slept almost the whole time there.. WTF. lol @JLH22 next time just give me regular tynelol not PM. 
@kristarella it's just me then.  Gotta say I like the URL of that service though. Bookmarked.
@johannalee hi.. Got onto the channel... Thought it was an interview with you!!  anyways.. Looks like you're doing well 
I can't sleep  So I'm sitting here watching, &quot;You Got Served&quot;. Sweet dancing but awful acting.
I love Britain's Got Talent! Grrr...Why can't I watch it on my own tv?  Holland's Got Talent sucks big time
Could not ride this morning. Major sand and dust storm. Got allergy  pills  instead 
Mornin! Gotta go back to school and softball practice. 
Got Windows 7 up and running with Office '07! Only problem now is it means I don't have an excuse to not do this stupid computing project 
I'm up and alive! Looks like a beautiful day out... Thanks for the Gemini horoscope @missjo_ladie! Got the late shift today...  11-8pm 
@RenaBrown I'll keep u posted on the events so u can rock your new Jimmy Choo shoes lol. Gotta get used to not seeing u on wknds no more 
Afraid not  It's over in an hour but it's on again at 6:10! Gotta love Sky ^^
Bummed  Got the length &amp; one long side of edging done b4 realizing an error in my math. Need to find a new edging for scarf now 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/1aF4s6
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/1aF4s6
I haven't been in this much pain since watching Glitter!  Send me your methods for dealing with the flu .. Tylenol obviously isn't working
@carolinejJordan Hi caroline. The Lost Boys is 1 of my fav films. Loved Corey Haim! Have u seen him lately though? Not looking good. 
Dang! I'm just getting into the Valley ughhh!!! Got another hour  Must drive home cuz I didn't bring down Moms gift 4 today. SUCKS!!!
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/1aF4s6
Finishing off my RME homework now. Got a bad feeling about today; I think we'll leave the house to go to on a walk or something. 
Gotta start getting ready for my little cousins bday party... I'm so tired   Had a rough night... Drank more then I should have!
Horrible mood. Got some AP Prep and Spanish Grammar to do though. 
Rt@Elle_P: Gotta work xtraaa hard at the gym tomorrow nite I just ate a brownie with xtra nuts, caramel, and vanilla ice cream  extra?nuts
Got the BG's!! 
tired; Just Got Homee :]   Spent Whole Day w| Mommy&amp;Fam C:                    Homework time 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/1aF4s6
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/1aF4s6
@seanmoorhead You fell for the TAG ads, too?  Even I knew that ShamWows would eventually drip.  Got sucked in by the pheromone pitch. 
Just wike up, watching TMF! Got lots of revision to do though  got an english exam to do tomorrow
Got a GB Test now 
Just as things were going so well. Got a call from doc recalling daughter re abnormal cells in removed mole  Appt 2moro. She's only 7 
Got a blood test later for Gladular Fever! 
Byebye Ru  keeping busy today. Gotta work on get my passport. Getting outta here very soon. Granola &amp; Apple. Goodmorning, world.
Another exam bites the dust! Got another tomorrow tho  Non-stop study this side...
Got my ADM golf tourney app in the mail. It's one week closer to my wife's due date than I thought. No way I can sign up this yr. 
Got a Fox outside going mental. Always come sniffing around the night before bin men come. A Fox bark is awful. Was afraid cats were out 
Got to LV 10 mins too late for the movie. Its 127 mins long and I've work at 5 so can't go to the 2.20 showing either. Bugger 
Got paid, paid bills. Now sad. Lol just kidding. Wonder what paychecks will look like now that BAH is taken out 
didn't get to do her maths  Got her chart done though... Woo. Tomorrow is gonna be... NOT good. Xx
Have to go to school in a couple of Hours, Gotta Test 
Rented Dexter Season 1 from Blockbuster. Got home. Opened case of disc one. Pried it out. Heard a crack. I broke disc 1. Wiki'ing eps 1-4 
Got my new phone, but it doesn't work. Sadness 
@GrowWear Thanks! Got your link for KC's Queen of Clubs, but can't get it to work 
I'm around...worked 3 8+ hour shifts at my new job blah. Found my ipod  But it was broken  But had a warranty  Got that replaced today
http://twitpic.com/5clfh - Got a 2100+ combo on Techno Course; scrubbed out on last song 
Exhausted. Got the desk together! Now just have the hutch, filing cabnet and bookcase oye.I broke our spa, primer valves snapped off 
@Dave_Meyer  Try Viral Choice... it makes it go quicker! Got  backhanded last week too 
@MadFreshDaily no ma'am. Got a little tired  Have some tom during the day. WestCoast rappers bbq so you alllllready know. Clown time
Got up late.. was planning to go out for lunch.. Rain is playing spoilsport.. I'm very hungry.. 
is in bed, feeling very ill. Got a bad cough, blocked nose, sneezy and a sore throat  Night all! Xx
-Just in from my gig in Vancouver. Disappointing numbers wise but a great vibe nonetheless. Time for some sleep. Got to be up in 3 hours 
Got frozen &amp; soaked training this morning to the point where I could hardly brake/change gear!  Weather is worse than in Jan right now 
Missed the Offspring yesterday unfortunately.  Got down to RFK in time for the rain postponement, then didn't stick around.  
Got late start. On road. Vaction good. Miss Mom already.  *bummed*
POWER bored. Gotta hate being stuck in St. Stephen for the summer. 
Got told off by an old lady at the garden center who backed into my cart. &quot;You're a freakin' idiot!&quot;. Old ladies usually like me...  
@ladyloki Weekend ok. Slept far too long today but its ok. Gotta do work later  How about you?
@MontyRules naah I wish fella!! Got VAT return to sort out 
my Papa was upset with me this weekend....I took a few clients although I was sick &amp; he got up &amp; left! Gotta spend some time with him! 
Got up late so rushing around. Revision till 12 today. 
Stopped at carls jr. Got coffee. Knees hurt. 
Think I messed up my camera... Got it all wet  hope all my pics were saved! Won't know till I charge it and it drys out!
Got a banging headache and no Orange Juice    Coffee will have to have to do #fb
@alittlebit already been out there today. Strange weather. Wind in my face all the way round a circular route? Got soaked too 
Got a fecking cold from leaving the window open last night &gt;.&lt; Only got an AI lab (which I've got no clue  ) and a committee meeting today
Got excited about a letter from Yummy Jobs only to discover it was an advert for taxback.com 
Got ointment for my eye so all good. Off paintballing today with The Empower Programme! Going to be sore 
due to train problems was almost late for his exam. Exam went alright. Got to go home and revise for the next one now 
In another German lesson, waaaaaaah   Somerset athletics trials sooon :O Got a banana to keep me going!
Lunch hour distraction: Sorting out the mess created by migrating an old VB project to vs 2008. Got the app to build, setup still a mess. 
@leahGMGdiva Home today. Baby (hers) is sick.  But Thurs went well. Gotta get adjusted to having 2 kids. But I think we're gonna like it.
Is finally gettin on the Newday case...... Got FFAARRRR to much philosophy reading to do  Salsa tonight people?
Site redesign nearly complete! Gotta go to work though 
Got a splittin headache I feel so sick! In skool doing ICT then  maths the day has been so long cant wait to get home 
@johnjayandrich Congrats to Rich &amp; His wife for the baby news. Gotta go 2 work. Wish I could listen to you guys but my boss is SATAN 
@Got_A_Minute I wish I could go.  Unfortunately, I'm probably going to miss the next few games due to prior engagements.  
Got a job interview but realized it's too far to travle. Will cost too much . Bums!  sad times. Anyone know of a job in north London?
I still have a headache. Hopefully today is a good day. Econ final then i'm done. Got soap in my eye washing my face tho 
Done with work only one hour after! And the store looks amazing!!! Gotta be back @ 530 though. 
Got beat in a split decision over the weekend.  Pics up on my my space and face book later today
Got up around 8:30, saw the rain, then went back to bed. I am being a total bum right now. Exercise is not happening 
Got wet on the way home. New hair looks like crap. Trying to feel happy but not working. 
Got chicken potatoes and rice for dinner .... EWW ! School was hard got loadsa homework! 
Got headache  so,i shouldnt have to attend LIA,should i? mmmph
Gotta change my pic 2.  Bad luck. Had this pic when they lost. 
Got today off.  Lack of work.  Yay w-mart.  
RE sucks  Gotta do a presantation bout Fulda
@darkhorseradio  #amped180 Gotta be 'A' Build a Bridge for me... but so far in the minority there 
Got woken up by a Woodpecker pecking on the house, couldn't fall back asleep with my poison ivy, went to find cream and stepped in poop. 
@ChrisDuhamel im slightly under the weather today  that explains the nice comment! Gotta decide when i make the drive down to Somerset!
Got woken up at 3 by my crazy dog Seth obsessing over a cat in the front yard. It's now almost 5... still can't fall back to sleep 
Beat TOD w00t! Friday: getting ready for school. Got my xbox 360 back from M$. Eminems game still isn't on the app store yet, though 
tiredness kicking in. Got extremely drunk last night, then up for BNI meeting at 5.30am. Must arrange drinking times better 
Got my painting clothes on! Ready to finish that spring cleaning ... though I doubt the children are. No camping spaces left anywhere. 
Waiting on my chickenburger in the chippy .. Got called into work today .. Baa 
KFC grilled chicken with a side of mac n' cheese and potato wedges. Got it at ten, it's 11:33 and I'm not even half way thru. Pain 
Got a mowhawk cause it was cool, not to make a statement. Stupid people have issues with it. Now keeping it makes a statement! I cant win 
Gotta Go now folks, got to get laundry in and make my dinner and watch the final Paul O'Grady of the series 
a very long difficult day planning for the funeral and arrangements for my Dad's funeral. Got a copy of his will today. Feeling very sad. 
HOT PINK NANNA LIPSTICK...bad art director, bad. Got to get on the phone and have a bit of a talking to someone. 
Working on my India project. It's 2 AM. Man! Gotta wake up at 5.30 &amp;&amp; nowhere NEAR being done. 
Burning DVD's then going to bed~ Gotta find the kids a new TV tomorrow! Theirs just quit working tonight  ~Loving my babies!
Meetin @dewilde1 for darts and a drink!! Gotta spend as much time there as I can 
I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last week, went down $20. Got my insurance renewal email today, went down $100. I don't wanna be old 
Got a flat on the way in today - Pot hole. Another thing to tick off the &quot;crap things that can happen in a week&quot; list 
Wide awake. Wishing I wasn't. Damn nightshift routines. Got turned down for the job in Nashville  oh well ...
Tummy bugs are lame! Got about an hours sleep if that. 
Told Verizon not to send anyone before 11. He showed up at 10. Gotta deal with this bullshit now, dunno how long I'll be offline. 
is watching the final episode of E.R  Goon SuBo 2 win Britians Got Talent
Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and dont waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and cannot waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
@CarmelaMarie I'm okay. Ima go to the park and play some ball. Not in the best of moods. Got stress to relieve. 
I haven't logged onto Minto.com in like 3 months and what I saw upset me  Gotta do better!
Played  Friendly Gm today(Bulgaria). Def. is on pt., offensively, still working on timing.  Israel on Sun. Gotta cut 2 more players.  
Got Firefox working again. Now I just have to get back all of my bookmarks... 
Gotta go my phone is on it's last leg so can't promise any update.  3 years I have had it so not bad though  Dumb Blackberry 
Got insurance forms for Polo. Feel a bit  Has to be done though.
Got a deadline to meet!!! No TGIF for me 
Got to go shopping with wife down to Tesco's. I knew my day was going to well. 
@JoeysMissMac Blah! Got a shot at the hospital   Taking gravol and moving very slow.
Got word from USAA that the minivan is totalled.  Now we need a high valuation for something to buy a new car with.
@chrisbrownweb Hope Ye Got Dem; Ur Site Is Amazing, I Got On Everyday; I Tryed My Own, &amp; It Failed  Lol,
Been i while since i've been on.... bogged under with exams!  Eugh. At least theres only 2 left!! Britains Got Talent!! 
Awww my daddy! Got in a car accident! Pray for him! He's shook'n up a lil! 
NO MORE MSHS!!!!!!!! Gotta go to work...too tired 
Aww what a sunny day! Tasty barbeque with the family (: Got bad sunburn though 
Aww the little girl on Britain's Got Talent!  I actually love Ant n Dec!  Oh an' Simon Cowell. ;)
Got really sick today  text me later. Nap time
Got an email from @Unitedairlines telling me I could have got my monday flight to SFO cheaper &amp; Biz class if I had booked it tomorrow 
Checkin out oramarecords.com. Got a fever and cnt sleep 
Got out of work late. Lame! Busy day. 
Am I old? Pub kickin out time is whey too late, I'm stinkered:-/. Got the cubs tomorrow too  I'm gonna suffer !
@ElectricGirl_ sorry Rosa. Got your username the wrong way round 
My phone is back in action. Baking cookies. Got a funeral to attend in the morning.   &lt;.:|.KayMart.|:.&gt;
Got to put the invasion of Normandy on hold for Kroger 
Eye allergies means it's an early night for me.  Got lots more ideas, so I'll have a fresh start tomorrow anyway.
Man, what a bummer. Got a Monopoly game ready and set to go, but no one to play with 
Making reasonable progress in house move but probably not good enough to go out for beers.  Got van to pick up at 7am, too...
Got woken up by my Flatmate at 4am and can't get back to sleep 
Just watched my friend crash her car at 80MPH into a pole. Got it on video. 
Got up 6:30am on a Saturday, shocking! Walked doggy (with a muzzle  but tis for the best) was listenin to MUSE, now listenin to Elbow.
@Shugah I feel 4U. Family dog died 9 yrs ago. Got news @ work &amp; almost had 2B carried out of the ofc (&amp; I'm not a real emotional person). 
Got page from work, need to do some work!  It's gonna be an all-nighter, prob. till early morning.   Gr8!!!   
@DaveMora Got to Level 3 but saw no point afterwards 
Back on the AntiHistamines! Got to do something. Hate pills though. 
Clearing email (inbox empty , but being away has Now! folder up to 30 items  ). Gotta get to bed; leave for Loving More conf @ 8am :-p
Got season 2 of Jericho today and there are only SEVEN episodes!! Major disappointment  Better than nothing tho i guess.
Nite... Gotta help cousin move in the morning. 
Got home from Epic, was a good night besides thug boy #1 &amp; 2 trying to hit on us over and over and over again, lol &amp; no pappa burger 
Got to the start point of the walk bang on time only 2 find they'd left already and were out of sight. Crap another solo walk.  
Got home from an increaible night in Austin and my AC is out along with some other electrical issues.  THIS is gonna be expensive. 
I am absolutely enjoying this HOT Sunshine of 25c Got my sunscream on from head to toe, cos I got fair skin I burn easily  Bubbly hot hot
@Delicatesa no not this weekend but will have to take the plunge soon.Got lots of DIY to catch up on 
is disappointed.  The Suttie Wedding via webcast was not a great success.  Got to see the dress though! 
Got locked in the pressure room in Unreal Tournament 
Scrap the 3.5 miles, walked there AND back so done 7 miles today. Got a blister on the sole of my shoe now though. 
Good grief! Britain's Got Talent has bumped Primeval off the TV schedules. What a travesty 
Got my tooth pulled! OUCH! 
So Warm. Got a roasting at rowing  English C/W 
Tired! Got home from another swimming trip! Hindi na talaga babalik kulay kuu!  Next week, beach naman. Ate a lot today. burp! XD
Throat muscles are exceptionally stiff and sore today. Hurts to swallow water even  But I have to. Gotta work my way to the mac and cheese
Got too used to being served cocktails at the pool in Mexico... I keep thinking someone is going to come by and take my order! 
On the way to the island... Gotta love the ferry ride, thank goodness for gravol!! Windy waters and boat not a good mix 
Britain's Got Talent is making me cry. 
Britain's Got Talent - so far, so meh. Noone's excited me yet 
If you can't beat them, join them; I'm watching Britains Got Talent 
Got a baby monitor? Advice: when company is over don't ask your wife if she wants a quickie in the same room as the base station 
Got the jungle mowed again for another few weeks.  Now the stupid AC won't work on the house.  Supposed to be in the mid 90's today. 
I would vote for Diversity from Britain's Got Talent, but I can't get through 
OMG who's gonna win Britain's Got Talent? I think...actually I don't really care 
@SteveHealy enjoy! we're up tomorrow for the International Improv with @jupitusphillip you're missing Britain's Got Talent 
Got the Mr. Car washed today... And here come the rain clouds 
My whole iTunes library was deleted  Gotta re-organize everything now.
Britain's Got Talent, SusanBoyle Finishes SECOND   She'll still have a great career! http://bit.ly/LYjV7
@sidelanes Heard that too. But I doubt they will even have my class for the summer school program.  Gotta take it next year, I guess.
Feeling a bit funny about life today  but distracting myself with the sun and Britain's Got Talent! Falling asleep to 'Pride and Prej!'
Glad to see happiness with Britain's Got Talent result! Gutted Stavros Flatley didn't make it to final three though 
Bought Killer7 on ebay because of @ChipCheezum 's great LP. Got it today. The case is in shit condition and the manual is missing. 
Interview went great, until my car died in their driveway on the way out.  Got it started though, and got the job! Yay!
Britain's Got Talent was well goood  x Wanted Shaun Smith to win though  ..xx
Ight I Got Away N I mad it 2 My Brother Ceo House warming droping off da gift n going home 2 take care of my minnie me she sick 
1am I'm off to bed now, Got lots of work to do in the morning, Back to college next week and i've still got 2 BIG assignments to do!!! 
Got the vet bill for Haley's neck x-rays---what a bummer 
Got a fright today with my Thomson Masterpiece seatpost failing after 4.5 years. Will be tricky getting a 28.0mm replacement for my C50. 
Busy at work. Got a headache. Hand hurts and may be broken. What a way to spend a saturday! 
iiz headed 2 fulton! Ma gettiin sum drank... Gotta headache out tha ass... ii need my baby!     -J3R0M3z-
Worked 6 Days straight party tonight! Gotta work 5 Days straight prob 6 Days straight again too starting monday 
Just went 2 our little town ice cream shop. Got ice cream but couldn't eat it. Stuck it in the freezer till I can I guess. 
Got my butt kicked in a game of Ladder Toss. Fail! 
Poor LeBron  On another note....Go Wings!!! (Gotta hold down the home team)
Moved back to Hamilton  N0t fun~  Got to get back to Toronto soon!!!
Got to the O's game too late to get a Chick-fil-a plush cow 
NIN was great! Got a few nice pictures. Waiting for JA to start. It's raining and smells like beer and cig smoke. 
Got no idea what to do to kill the time. Meeting @1? Nanggung gila.. I wanna go home 
@jordanknight Night Night !! Got home from work too late to play your little game 
Got to staples@630..forgot tickets went home. Goto staples at 730  damn line was long so no popcorn. 
Long day. Just dragging us all to Beav Farmers Market was exhausting. Got everything I wanted but toms.  Were we too late in the day?
Morning all. Got to go to Parys today to visit MIL  hate those trips so very much
Got a new Toshiba laptop and have to install it before flight tomorrow....going to be a late night. 
Mum and dad were making strange noises in the bedroom so I went to investigate via the terrace. Got shouted at big time! 
It's offical I am missing Britain's Got Talent and Britain's Got More Talent 
Got Burnt Yesterday  But It Was So Fun 
I just read that 19.2 million watched Britain's Got Talent. 
Diversity Won Britains Got Talent 
Got too much sun yesterday so can't go outside &amp; enjoy the day properly  Will stick on BGT final to pass some time.
Dont know if I'm tweeting or twitting? Cloudy here today. Betsy has cold/flu?  Got to service my tractor- oil &amp; filters. Feed the bugs 2
Husband has bronchitis, he sounds terrible. Mucinex isn't in Canada  Gotta find him something else!
Got the cd player open! Moving the tender plants outside today to fend for themselves! Baby foxes left the den with mom this morning. 
Gotta Move a Queen size bed, a six chair dining room table set, fouton, tv, bike, &amp; clean a condo - the end of staying in 112 1800 JPA 
Anyone fiddled with Lightbox Gone Wild for Rails? Got it working but loads page content twice 
Last day to smoke!   Gotta drug test; waiting for Obama to get the 420 laws right . Sick of my privacy being invaded. Enough of the BULL.
Got my new HD enclosure, but now husband has done something to our computer that I can't fix until later.  #fanfiction
@ladyloki Aching all over. Got a cold  bluergh
Feeding Anderson again.  Got up three times last night.  This is not fun  I am exhausted......
Making sure I still have enough space in my Flickr after I upload... Got 30+ photos, but not much space 
Bike ride to Tintern and back, followed by lots of ice-cold beer and a jolly nice barbie. Got to stop drinking now for a 5am start 
Out teaching Tenderfoot flag skills. Gotta remind myself how to fold the flag again it's been so long. 
Random myspace message from stranger askng me to be friends w/benefits. Got Same message from same guy yr ago. life = full circle 
Ugh.. Gotta head back 2 San jose 2day 
Would love to know why my Nokia is just not switching on!!! Gotta luv technology sometimes... 
Anyone else in chandler area having internet issues? Has been crapola since thu/fri. Bah! Got the 'try a new modem' suggestion. 
Got to meet (again) one of my favorite racers of all time - Pier Francesco Chili. Hot afternoon. Haven't found Haga yet. 
Got a headache. Takin a nap. 
Woke up in the morning feeling a bit quesy. Might of been the taco...  Got a bit better, and am going out later to the Turtle Farm.
Got my cupcake upgrade for my phone this morning! But sad the Cavs where eliminated 
I'm sitting in bed. Got to be up early tomorrow. Stupid 6:47pm train... 
@Broken_Vibes I've got to go in tomoz  on my day off!! booooo-urns. Gotta do filming innit. You still done no work?
Got my tire replaced. Retraced my route &amp; couldn't find the Toyota cover thing.  Now checking movie times. Taking kids to see Up.
Awe  one of my fish died. I Got Fred still tho.     :-} ThReE11FaN :-}
Got a Headache ...2 bad i dont have a Boyfriend to take care of me 
@jontyb I'm jealous!  You love it Barnsey!  Gotta say, never thought I'd see the day when I said I missed working on a E3 game 
Set up camp in santa cruz. Got swept this afternnon.  will do better tomorrow.
Got History Next 
Coldstone is closed  they close at 10 on Sundays. BUT I gave them the pitiful face and they let me in. Got ice cream cupcakes!!!
Was crushing my table, 16k chips, when we got broken  new table much tougher. Got AA twice, made no money. Got JJ, lost big pot to flu ...
Got a flat tire  sittn on the side of the road waitn for AAA listening to howard stern lol
Kicked it on the Lake all day, fished, but they weren't really biting  damn. Got a lil sunburn, haha. I love floatin-n-boatin!!! lol
Kicked it on the Lake all day, fished, but they weren't really biting  damn. Got a lil sunburn, haha. I love boatin-n-tokin!!! lol
Sun is shining, back at work today!  Got the worst cough you can imagine!
Today is public holiday and I'm getting one phone call after another. Got woken up by the IT-Infomanager  Incident is crashing my holiday
Ouch, Ouch, Ouch... Sun burn almost killed me in the shower :/ sore stuffs  Got a full day of college and work today 
Got a nice pile of work on my hands  + Revision 4 exams X'(
Wide awake. Wtf? Got a big day ahead of me. Work n School Quizzes...... 
Got home late. Lil bummed. Missed everything  but I'm watching clips online now. Looked like a great show. Shocked w/ Eminem thing...
Got off work early because I wasn't needed, then walked home. Jesus that was a long way 
Good morning tweets!  Glorious weather and I am stuck writing contracts   Loved watching Britains Got Talent - well done Diversity!!!
Loving this sunshine!Got a tiny bit burnt though. Hospital will not be happy with me 
Empire building put on hold for a day due to not feeling well. Got a cold 
Bummer. Got invited to DMB in Toronto... but can't go because of vacation coverage.  Seriously bad timing, Dave.
Got up at 4:30 this morning to catch a flight to Chicago. Delays caused me to miss my connecting flight. 
Got A Exam Tomoz 
Gotta go peole anf do the exam  XX
@lynnskitchenadv It is so good. Panera is eliminating their tomato soup recipe from their menu  Thats another fave. Got a copycat?
Going to weather.com to see what's in store for Denver this week...surely not more rain? Got rained on while #climb ing this wknd 
Got hubby off to Oregon and now it's just me and Kaylee for a month. 
Next time the doctor gives me instructions, I should probably listen.  Feeling very icky    Gotta pull it together for tonight and tmrw
Got a Badddd Tummy ache  I just want it to go!
Re-reading one of my fave (now shredded by a dog) books. The Choice by Nicholas Sparks. I &lt;3 his books! Gotta get a new copy of this now 
This morning someone threw away old computers (Apple II, C64, Amigas, etc...) Got 2 Atari 2600s! Came back at 9h30 garbage truck took all 
BRB! Gotta finish my project!  I'll be back later!
BRB! Gotta finish my project!  I'll be back later!
BRB! Gotta finish my project!  I'll be back later!
Gotta color someones hair soon. Sucks. Cause i don't want to. i just wanna take a naaaaap! 
@U_Got_Gimmicked RE: Animal Colectiv. Check them on YouTube b4 u go.  U mite change ur mind bout goin. They get 2 &amp; a quarter stars.  boo.
Got my ear tattooed. Kickin it with @Areej807 eating din din and wishing I had gas money.  
just powerwashed a new yellow jacket hive from under our backyard awning. Queen was guarding it. I hope I killed it. Got stung last year 
Got hmw like ode CRAAZZZYYYY !  cant twitter for a bit. gotta stay FOCUSED MAN, you should no this MAANNNN 
It seems that #javaone this year is all about black T-shirts. Got my 6th, and counting. And about Java too.  Only one off-white T. 
Finally home, ready to hit the bed.  Gotta take my sweet Max to the vet in the morning.  Eye laceration is back 
Got back from the #SMXAdvanced pre-party, met some great people including @mattcutts - photos to come soon! Twitpic not working from here 
Got a 6 AM Yoga class in the morning.  Doubt I'll make it this week, but there's still a slight chance. 
Got Tool tickets today and the only available were the farthest back section. Even general admission was sold out 
Study, study, study! Gotta pass those mocks  On a good note, I got into the Ultrasound program! :-D
Trying to fall asleep by listening to music. But @kirbykrackle is too fun to sing along to. Gotta change it sorry KK 
Flight in da am.... atl you were great! Gotta do that again... hello nyc 
@emiliachi Me too...been here since 8am and I'm here til 7pm   Got my Investing in Children group tonight too so it's going to be MANIC!
@Ness_Fresh lucky duck. Got work at 9am and I'm still 45 mins away from home! 
Got home from school today with a tummy ache,  gone now but i wish it had earlier. Felt soo lazy in SPP
Got my dad to pick me up from ATEC because my BFF wasn't here 
Got some good Bible reading done this morning! And pray for me today 2 annoying finals! 
Got an INC in thesis 
@sassyele Just the top of my back and the front of my feet. Got absolutely roasted yesterday  Cheapest aftersun was Tesco ;)
Washing out now. Made tea. Got milk from clean fridge but opened cutlery draw to discover daughter spilled coffee in it  Shut draw and ran
All my baby birds have flown the coop    Got to witness that last one leave. Running errands today.
So im now not convinced its either an ulcer or absess.. Got extra strength pills from the chemist my my cheek now looks like Kanye west.. 
@MikeFlah as long as the idiots kickin footballs around n hitn evry1 feck off I'm happy. Got clobberd lots on Sat 
Got a bunch of things done this morning, heading to Kid's School for my last Volunteer Lunch Mom duties. Threw my neck out, ouchy!  
@Alphamoongirl I'm waiting 4 my new Samsung Impression cell phone. Got an email from Amzn this morning that new est arrival date is 6/9. 
Got the shoulder MRI done today. Not very happy ... 
Got lots of To-dos  but thank God for British pop music (((: love it!
Gotta  clean the bird off my  windshield/roof.  Scared the  bejeesus out of me and well, we know  what happend to the bird.  
Man seriously miss Magic World Online. Anyone playing that game? Got to lvl 51 and then couldn't find time to lvl 
Tim for some lunch and shizzzz. Gotta power cycle my internets. It's too slow 
Got home intime to see the PK against The holding call on Cleary.  #redwings
Got so excited that &quot;Pens&quot; was a trending topic. Then realized people were referring to the Pittsburgh Penguins hockey team. 
Irritated! Got home and realized that I left my usb cord in my work computer and I so wanted to download brandy-broken hearted  
Finally cracked the cover of the last-ever issue of Domino Magazine. Got to p.5 and stopped. Gotta make it last! 
Got work in the morning. Packed up my lunch and got my stuff together... K. has homework, so no shenanigans until tomorrow.  Sleep well!
@Rob_Rep LmAo....yup EveryBody 4Got About BrEEzy 
Got up and found I'm out of Dorset cereal 
Cant believe Pushing Daisies Got Cancelled!!!! 
Got to hotel in Birmingham about 11:50pm (BST) in the end, in bed 12:30 for a total awake time of 20.5 hours yesterday. Up at 6:30am 
@MrsPeeden I know you are the wife of a Trigeia Twin. Love ya. Be in bed in a minute. Gotta wake up at 6am 
Got a massive headache  Calling it a nite kinda early 2nite got another final 2maro early in the am
UCI orientation sign up server went down on scheduled run time.  Got back from cerritos about an two hours ago.
Lost my glasses when out shooting last night  Got to wear my old crappy ones until the opticians tomorrow! Rubbish!
Got another new hoodie. wahahaha. I still want a Clandestine one though.... 
Awake. Got woke up by phone  RUDE!
@YuriMoreland yeah me and Rich are doing pretty well... he's finished uni for good! Got another 2 years for me  haha
@mumdance Aw, ok I see I Jack. Gotta have boobs to get a beat,eh? 
Book sale at work is ongoing with fresh blood ... books ... added. Woohoo. Got some cheap design books. Cheap history too 
Gotta give my dog some Benadryl this morning, she hates it 
@MaKUltra No forklifts where I work unfortunately.   Got any fundraising experience? (assuming you're in the London area...)
Got a call from Casey at 4am... I miss him 
Supertoddlers at daycare, Tank is sleeping, ready to get some starbucks and head for his 8 week appt and first needles  Got the MB ready
Just had lunch (kinda) with @matthx. Got his Audi looked at for him although to no end 
 today, but its cool. The most interesting thing happened to me this morning on my way to the office hmmm.... Got me a cup of JOE!!!
Got an awful headache agan today  Slept in until nearly 10am!!! shocking! In need of some breakfast now.
RealLifeQuote: &quot;Ur honor, my partner wrote redlight ticket after an argument.&quot;- Cop defendant n traffic ct. LOL! Gotta turnoff cell now 
I just finish my Plant Science online datasheet.. Got 7/20. which means is ard 3 questions out of 11 correct only!!  
Got my ticket for chicago, but no luck for Houston. 
Got a little excited about BrowserLab http://bit.ly/6qqME but quickly discovered it's closed to new users 
Wore high heels to work today.  Got asked if I'm all dolled up for an interview.  They're just different shoes, that's all... 
Got Brennon at the drs office. He's soooo skinny and just not wanting to eat   this sucks. I feel horrible for him!
Got the stuffy nose  Getting ready then OOB with Phila.
@Motoko_K Gotta get home quick before comcast does. I already missed the first appointment and the bus 
Got trucked over again. FOUL mood. Mr Hyde settled in nicely and craving cuddles..  Stupid friends living too far away..  &lt;3 Trace
came back from daiy plazza where president Kennedy Got Shot &amp; Killed in     1963 
yipee bk home! straving ...  ohhhh yum... porridge wif bovril.....wahahah n it aint chicken! Got Beef.....thank you france ..muakz
@Sha_Ron that's good u feel better! Bad u have to wrk the weekend tho.  I'm just doing the daycare thing. Gotta go get an oil change,booo.
Headed home now.. Gotta wake up at 6.30  Catch you all tomo tweeps!
@Juice8076   Got tied up.  I try to stay very skeptical and explore every avenue of explanation - I think this makes unexplained better!
Got stung by a bee @ lunch.  Worried about Nance taking care of the bees now &amp; she is allergic!!  
Getting ready for Clovis.  Gotta take a good painkiller tho.  
Got to take a quiz online for my PR writing class...ughhhh 
I would like to go to Newport now please!  Gotta wait until morning.  
@ShawneyJ : Know exactly how ya feel, too. Got sick on vacation in HI &amp; CA once. Not fun!  Feel better, Shawn!
Gotta go get the kitties some food... Jake actin' crazy and obsessively licking the floor again 
Took in a walk in downtown with the KP steppin' thingy. Got free goodies! But, my legs are hurting now! 
@mollyanne1 Just saw some of the HS chat, then it froze.   Got to see them jam &quot;See U in the Dark&quot; though..awesome!
g'damn... Next weekend is now completely booked too  Gotta go down to SD.
Got The Sims 3 today! WOOO! Bad news is, it runs at 4 frames per second... turns out I need to update my graphics card! 
Got Demigod, got home &amp; wont install on desktop comp bcuz of graphic card it says, but works like a charm on laptop with EXACT same card. 
Got off work late and missed my last shot at @criticalmasstopeka for a while  I feel a little better after finding orange nylon @Joann's!
Got down to the bare essentials though I know I shouldn't lay down since Morpheus is calling me  http://myloc.me/2K4m
Goodnight TF.... Gotta get up early for work....  Have a good one
Bed.. Gotta me up in a few hours . Shame the weather is gonna b bad 
Got a HOT date tonight...well more like bar food and drinks!!! Its gonna be a great night! I wish @modeldomino could drink 
Got my reward zone certs back from Best Buy, so I went and bought Sims 3... wonder how long I can last before passing out. Tired. 
At @Nostrana having drinks with old friends. Got here too late for HH pizza  Next time...
Gotta go to work.. Full of bitchy backstabbing assholes who treat each other like shit  this is what i have to put up with to pay off debt
I'm a Star Trek Fan so I been saw that.(Great movie) Haven't seen Terminator yet(eventhough I'm a Huge Fan of that too)  ...Gotta see it.
Got really paranoid there were bugs in bed. Stripped bed, put on new sheets at 4 AM. Changed clothes too.  Sigh, paranoia.
I love living 3 minutes from set! Tonight was bomb! Got invited to the wrap party by some of the principals. Last night tomorrow. 
Got into the meeting ok even tho I'd lost my ticket. Long queue in the rain. Waiting for Toynbee to speak. Running late already  #bhadhs
And I'm up!  Again! Weather is poo today.. not even a storm... it's just... blergh... Got some revision to do too  Ah well! xxx
Got the keys 4 my new flat this morning. Woop woop! (via @mell_loife18) Also, my cat's ill  Poor Figaro
@CharleneBx I just hate them full stop now haha. Worst things ever!! Got to go back to Ellon next week tho  Whyyyyyyyyyy??
@alex_queneau I have the same problem in NL  Got really addicted to it!!
Got a busyish summer planned, no holiday to Devon though 
@Astranought @thecraigmorris @Moonflowerchild thanx 4 the commnts! ;) Gotta pack now. Dreading the goodbyes 2morrow in Narita airport.. 
Gotta DVR the Ole Miss game today. In Oxford today; sadly, the one in NC, not MS 
Gotta take Dune to the vet today. His eye is puffy and red. 
I don't know what I'm going to watch tonight...I miss Britain's Got Talent 
I hope to go car shopping this afternoon. Gotta check out more dealerships, this Nissan I had my eye on is gone.  http://mypict.me/2Ng9
America's Got Talent just isn't the same. Where are my amazing threesome? 
Got there late. Door was locked 
Got distracted by the Topshop website 
I PWND flippy cup last night. Got PWND at beer pong though 
is waiting for her second set of keys.  Gotta love Toyota's 'smart key' system. 
Got distracted by the internet (as usual).  Laundry's been done for about an hour now... And now I have to stay up later to get it dry.  
Got my ass handed to me Wii bowling, by my parents, after teaching them how to play...  
Flea market was cool. Got the boys some toys and a necklace each. Burt got a game from his childhood. Nothing for me   didn't see anything
Sittin at home. Watching obsessed. Gotta go deliver an order in a while. 
Got up early to get Glenn a Palm PRE. We were 4th in line! Best buy only had 2!   All is not lost., order from kiosk, should arrive Mon.
Got the confirmation letter. Am leaving my job on the 12th. That's very very soon. Bit of a shock, need to say goodbye to so many people. 
Just went to the Dr.  Got diagnosed with walking pneumonia.  Bummer 
Got to say it again and again: I can't wait to see HP6 and the Sectmsempra!!! But I have to... 
http://twitpic.com/6rzh2 - Could This Be The Reason Ive Got Flu? 
%$^#. Removed a Configuation file for my site by accident. Gotta reinstall everything 
Got Stephen clamped 
My favorite place to sit in LHR has no power anymore  Got to find a new place.
Got bleach on my Grey Leaky shirt    http://twitpic.com/6sfvk
Got to get socialscope. Dying without it. 
Got an email which subject says: Palm Pre phone now available. I can only drool in response 
Missed the sample people at Costco today. Got here too late. 
How the hell did I leave my house witout my damn wallet when I'm tryna go out tonite. Dammit! Gotta go back 2 Stone Mountain rite quick 
Gotta love Hardee's....but too much cheese 
Site will be down for awhile. Gotta wait on IPS to fix the problem. 
Got hooked on RuneScape again 
@BeauSchembekler I had an elantra GT and I loved it... Got totalled 
Just played a scrim on Left 4 Dead.  Got beat, but had multiple crashes during the game.  
Really bad night for Grams  ..Got a few crackers and her meds in her though. xx
Beat the toll! Gotta buy @andycarver a drink  - Nate Jeezy
@ericacline  that sucks..Have to find a new place next time...or try the one in Oakland.  Gotta plan a get together soon!
Got Iphone and installed my favorite Imob but it asking me for my username and did not accept my old one (the one I had for my ipod) 
Got Bored of watching movies in lappy 
@Podpodley Gotta go on a school trip to a zoo on Tues, gonna be a disaster if it's like this 
@SteveMoyes Morning Steve, I wish the sun would come out round here!  Got an apiary visit this afternoon - beekeeping under brollies ... 
Got the Sims 3 and I have 2 get a new video card to play it 
Awww. I lost 3 followers.  Got a full bottle of Mali for next weekend. ;)
Got up for Formula 1 only to realize that its at 2pm... 
At My Internship, Got 1 Hours 2 go..  But something unusual happend 2day,  a Dutch Celeb is here on our WARD, visiting his daddy..
Got to head back to NJ today 
I'm home now. Got lots to do today. Business, geography and Physics all coming up.  I LOVE EMILOO
Must have been a blip. All ok now. Can't live without my email. Gotta do a bit of local shopping shortly. Hope we miss the rain 
Mulching and painting this weekend.  Got a blister from the paint brush, but the fence is painted - Dave thinks it needs a second coat 
Damn! Got a place on the plinth in Trafalgar Square but missed the email and now the chance has gone  http://www.oneandother.co.uk/
Got some piano and saxophone practise to do now.   Cya in a couple hours!
Got a bit over excited when it came to pawing Daniel--peed on the floor. Again. Got sent outside. This brunch is a bust 
Got Dreamweaver. Talking on Skype while FAILING at coding 
OOC got five more minutes. Got to go to work. 
Gonna try my hand at the Main Event races and Face the Ace freerolls.  Gotta love the donkeys. 
Kayla's party was amazingg! Such a good night. Gotta a bad back now though 
@AQuietMadness It was the best show! Got cancelled though  My sister has SATC. I've got Arrested Development too. Love it!Scrubs,Entourage
Another 100 plus bucks for takin the baby Jayd to the vet. Got some sort of allergic reaction to something. What next my gosh  ?
Gotta Go! School 2morrow  Early mornings are just sad! And wearing UNIFORMS?!?
Watching Britans Got More Talent   
Got my hands on a Palm Pre today thx to @bowman_jesse. It's slick! I want one. $550 with no contract. Bit much for me right now 
I hate &quot;new and improved&quot; software! Got a new version of my trusty old Mastercook, and it's an ugly useless bloatware. Uninstalling now. 
@JerseyJoeyGirl got no video..Earl was on the case!   got some good stills..upoading now. Got mad love from @youngq at the bus and...
Sliced open my finger on the metal shower door while cleaning...I'm as clutzy as Bella.  Gotta clean up blood now 
Got my iPhone stolen at the beach out of my girlfriends purse.  Left the credit cards, cash, italian sunglasses, and digital camera.  
Gotta Go Peps, Tweet 2mo! RE Test 2mo  Byee xo
Got accidentally bit  by my 83lb Labrador, Dakota, in the finger cause she thought she was dropping the banana I was feeding on the floor 
@LavaLampLV Salt &amp; Pepper is to die for!   Got them in NYC, can't find them around home.  
@SteveSyfuhs No.... not going to.  Got one of them &quot;ChopOMatic&quot; things on TV and tried to make Salsa.  Succeeded.  And I forgot beer 
Anyone have suggestions for good carpenters in Richmond? (around exterior windows in particular). Got some issues... 
took sis to the airport, off to SFO she goes! made it in time for the laker game! Gotta clean the crib, it looks like I partied for days! 
Got back from a friends house, we're going to the mall tomorrow just to hang out. Asked if she wanted to go to Vegas..it was a no. 
&lt;--lonely guy.  Gotta kill 3 hours till I have to drive to LAX 
Gloomy afternoon. Got nothing to do. 
Going to bed!  Gotta get up early to say goodbye to my mom, brother, and Nick 
Watchin The Game. . . Gotta read for my class 
smells like Tiger Balm herbal medicine.  IT BURNS IT BURNS! Got a rash from something I ate at shabu shabu. ;-(
Crikey...just heard that cancelled the Oz tour!!!  That's not good!! Gotta run tho, investimagations will begin later!!!!
@nicolebad grrrr that Britney Got Fucked Chick keeps adding me as well 
Got to go to Fit Mums this morning, have put on 5 lbs from the holiday. 
back from the beach. Jet ski-ed. Kayaked. Wake boarded. Got stung by a jellyfish on my butt. I miss the beach.  I`m not ready for school.
Verdict is in... Nose isn't fractured, but they're unhappy with the way it healed last time. Gotta go back july 3rd to look at round two! 
Tried to make a heart monitor- it didn't work. Got caught in the rain- it was heavy. Boo.  
Got my sunglasses today and its raining  Irony !! ..
@Wildrose25 I can come over next week sometime? Got manic week this week - work, cricket, return of boyf, meetings and gym 
Gotta drag my tied rear end to work now- got home sometime around 12:30, cats kept me up as usual, now they are sleeping.  Jerks! TTYL
Just went to M&amp;S and bought a pasta salad for lunch. Gotta go out for Economics soon, not up to it really tbh. Out of breath all the time 
Got horrible cough. Took dollar-a-tablet (!! they make those in India ??!!) worth antibiotic thrice-a-day for a week. Still got cough... 
Got me a Dolce last night! Yessirrrr!! (Passed up the Chanel tho  ...ehhh..can't have em all!)
Got a Tonsillitis and now I'm totally wasted. Sweating like hell and can't swallow. 
Great day thus far. Got called into work at 11 for some trainging thing, then the guy didn't turn up for two hours. Meant to be off today 
Great day thus far. Got called into work at 11 for some training thing, then the guy didn't turn up for two hours. Meant to be off today 
Got an ear-ache. Feel rubbish. And to top it off I have to go into school for a statistic revision session. Great... 
Got an ear-ache. Feel rubbish. And to top it off I have to go into school for a statistic revision session. Great...  
Drss appt. Got a horrible fever blister after converting to a Nigger in cancun 
Got a 9 for my BSc project  Done some work in the house, hoping to be finished tomorrow... Not really believing it though  We'll see.
Now, it's off to Wal*Mart with Momala. Gotta call the health food store today and quit.  It's not personal...it's just business.
Crap day today, Got my arms bent backwards then got hit on the head 
First day of legit camp - not good. Got sick and have to stay in all day. Boo. 
Got to get the train up to Glasgow and don't have my ipod. Aw nuts 
i'm sick  Gotta go to the Dr @ 3
Got drenched today  ......went to go and see The Hangover, it was hilarious.....I recommend u see it!! XxxxX
Got home only to meet the landlord. Happy days  !
@NokiaN97User Got my N97, its stuck in customs 
Got work to do, but Mi nah feel like it.. watching dem GGBBQ pix makin mi feel 4 @claireonair Chicken..  n @stonerich Johnnycakes(no homo)
Got home from work. Put milk in fridge. Fell asleep in my bed until just now. And I still think I need more sleep. 
Ordered the large double 1/4 lb meal from Mcd for the coke glass. Got a duplicate, gave it to a friend. 
#45p Damn it sounds like Carnival in my living room! Got my soca on since I can't go to Zumba 
@jeanistarz I don't get a holiday  So still in KZN. Got any plans?
@kurstynanne Awesome so far! Got as week of color camp starting next sunday though 
@danrlewis I don't know. Got a phone call with what his room # is. Driving to the hospital now 
Got into nyc too late to make it to @zappos tweetup.  Heading to the #140conf VIP reception after hotel.
Those &quot; They should add a BA _____&quot; Threads got locked in MW2 forums. Got Banned and finally CUL Dropped. 
I think... I Miss my best buddy.  Got a little over 2 months before I get to see him again. Rawr. But on the bright side I like cookies.??
Minor prob...Primers gone bad since I painted my apt!Gotta take care of sum buisness &amp; go buy primer/paint.Be 2morrow b4 I can primer now 
Gotta do Jury Duty tomorrow at 7:30am UGH!! Prayin I dont get picked to serve 
Relaxing after cleaning up. Got to jump on a customer reference call @ 9:30PM. Will miss Entourage 
Didn't make it into Welly. Got as far as Silverstream on the train before freaking out and getting picked up 
Sitting in the hospital with little Eddie. Got hit with the baseball in his hand/wrist and he is in serious pain. I feel bad for him  #fb
Watchin the Disney Channel with my little girl. Gotta work tomorrow. 
Big shocker! Got my HTML assessment handed back to me... Not Achieved, so I have to resit it  Yah! New Kendra and Denise Rihards tonight!
Helped my Aunt today. I am very tired and sleepy...Gotta get up early--headed to bed early..Miss OPALLA 
Now getting off work. Boi am I tired. Only enough time to shower n hit the bed. Got two training class tomorrow.  pray for me
On lunch... going to @skipnoscar tonight for dinner and to stay the night. Got Doctors appointments tomorrow... yay! 
Stick a fork in me; going to bed. Gotta be up at 5 
Got google analytic to work! Wow...cool stuff. Off to bed now. Have to be at the office at a very ugly hour. 
Got a maltepoo puppy today, he's 4 months old. So cute BUT don't know if we can keep him w our Food allergy son 
Sleepytime! Gotta hit the books hard tomorrow..back to reality 
Got free tix to Bali!! But I can't go... 
@EHellquist I knowwwww so bummed. But I was walking home from the store still! Got back at 8:45!  couldn't believe it! Wrong shoes!
Crikey, I really am sick. Bugger  feel like crap. What are the symptons of getting the swine flu?? Got a killer headache though. Need zzzz
Gotta true the rear wheel on the Kestrel. Has FSA RD600's with hidden nipples! Have to remove the tire to get to nipples 
Missin' Superman...Gotta wait another week... 
Book another HORSE win, 22 bets.  Got c/r in razz on a board where I had A235679 but must have been wearing panties cause I didn't 3 bet 
I hate School Uniform. I know, i'm so moany today. Gotta leave in five 
Got back from Curve after Uni and now heading out after grabbing my battery grip from home.. Where to go? 
In the library with rory. Got the 1st nd 2nd off and have nothing to do.. Little red cap failed 
apparently Halifax aren't lending to shared ownership properties. Got appointment tomorrow at 9:30am, hope they give us a mortgage 
Got sleep at around 6:30 this morning  But sleep was unnaturally sound - for me.  If anything, I &lt;3 the curtains.  Bus noise, not so much.
Got to go &amp; take Max to X-ray now; he &quot;may&quot; have broken his toe; will no doubt take hours  
Got woke up by sister and Mum lying beside me in my bed at 7am, now can't sleep. 
Keey ?.  i Got to do the  work, but i don't understan, i don't now wath i will write, everything is beeing wrong 
@ruthscott2fm I thnk Perez blogged wot hapnd in the finale... Gotta hav the tissues ready 4 the finale nxt wk 
Got hit by a car yesterday....PAIN!!! 
And now the IT class starts for real. Srsly. Serious business. Gotta go. Linn can kiss my ass. (  )
Got a seat got a seat!! Bloody restaurant im working at is so disorganised, had to run about for 4 hours straight my poor feet 
has started his holidays at last! 1st day spent... shopping  Gotta get my MP4 fixed though :S
Got a backup from 4/24 to work. Have most my numbers except anyone new in the last month and a half. Back is hurting pretty bad today 
Got The Hiccups 
Got almost no sleep last nite comforting whiny paralyzed dog.  Wonder how much work I'll get done today...
Been at it since 6:30am. Got only 2 hours of sleep  and have like 3 more meetings to go. Hustle Hustle Hustle is the name of this game! &lt;3
@AnnE_Landers yea but they dont have iced chai lattes w soy  i guess I can try sumthing new-Got a strawberry coolata 2day. it was good
Got a lovely card at Papyrus...no Mom, not lunch! 
Got severe hayfever and had to stay home  Watched loads of ER and Friends 
what a day. Dentist for filling, dr for husband's inner ear, back home then work. Got stuck in Del Mar fair traffic. 
@_MAXWELL_  What happened to your planned Orlando stop?    Gotta rearrange schedule now...can't miss tour!!!
Got a headache :/ MC stop making music, you can't sing anymore! I miss her 
Finally updating my aging P4 system.  Got me some Dual Core action - can't stretch to anything better than the in-built graphics though 
Got Crackdown today,first time in ages I switch on the 360;the game crashes the whole system,can't install to HDD &amp; Live is down - #FAIL 
Got home from Trondheim 2night! We had so much fun  I've got a cold though 
had fun with Jade on her birthday, saw 'imagine that' it was adorable! Got a scarf and new sunglasses, cause my other ones broke 
Got to the U about 45 min ago. Up in Vs room and she's back gettin' poked.  Jer's not here yet, so I'm w the girls...
@sharakarasic Ouch! I'm the same way. Gotta remember to cut the Vit C a week before the dentist visit. Interferes w/drugs 
Yayyy! Gotta love MAUNUAL LABOR! Ughhh...about to finish up packing up boxes &amp; things for the move to Chicago...I hate moving ! 
Got my free 'Hogan's Alley' magazine in the mail today - all about cartoon art - awesome mag, great articles! (wish I could afford) 
@carlosarellano Rite I will try it out. Gotta finish pwning n00bs on CallOfDuty on my mere 3mbps connection.  soon will be on a 8 or 15
Got to sleep soon!! Worrying bout getting to and from @oasis 
Gotta lay off the sugar, my Doc said i was developing diabetes  no booze, drugs,cigs,sugar, what do I have 2 live 4 Lol
Gone to the doctor for more drugs. 10 days of antibiotics&amp; my ear/sinus infection feels the same. Got a NOSE spray!! This better work! 
@johneepixels7  I found mine!     Got a haircut today, had to ride my bike  Wayyy hot.     Watched the first... http://tinyurl.com/lt4ve7
Got a summer cold  Tylenol, get into my belly!!
I've been trying to fall asleep for the past 2 hours. Gotta wake up early tmrw but i aint gonna look pretty. Insomnia, u win again! 
Got new clothes from Forever 21 online, but for some reason their size medium is like a tent on me. 
Gotta get up early tomorrow, busy day. Dreading the agonizing pain of waking up to a fcked up throat like i did this morning 
Gotta get up at 4:30a tomorrow  At least today I got a 60 min P90 workout done. I'll be more fun when I get used to this schedule. Night.
@DestinySports Beautiful, really got! Got a bit burnt, bad 
Got home from Uptown... spent $200. . . argh! 
Bored. Got to be more to life than driving a bus gor 10hrs a day 
Morning. Work starts again in 5mins  feel abit tired this morning. Got to install 3.0 on my iPhone tonight
Got to drive to Manchester in the rain in a bit 
Woken up to a not very nice day. It's cloudy and humid. Got some work to do today, and grandpa goes back to Wales! 
Got an awful sore throat due to hayfever, can anyone tell me how to ease the pain?!?! It's soooooooooo bad and RAW 
@AdamRPhoto MASSIVE #fail on Mark moving   Can't wait for #glasto tho. Got a badass Tesco Value tent!
Gotta get up early tomorrow to go to Adelaide. Alarm set. Gotta book and iPod for the 3 hour drive. Up at 06:00.  Night xx
@PeetMcQ Got the flue on Mon! But getting better, tomorrow I'll be back into usual.. 
Bought a top today at Monsoon in MOE - alarm went off when I went out but security checked it and said OK. Got home and metal tag is on 
Got the new Kerrang! Neither me or Mathison are in it 
Got my Camera repaired, cost me 4800 bucks... now my camcorder has conked... this month has not been so good to me  #fb
It's raining  Got ethan off school poorly seems better today hopefully he'll be ok for trip to Attingham Hall tomorrow he's all excited
Got home from Egypt about 1 this morn, had an amazing time and made some fantastic friends, miss u guys already 
has been docs, turns out I may have asthma. Gotta take these inhalers &amp; steroids  This messes up my attempts to revise Science. *cry*
Gotta let @datelinenbc &amp; @todayshow know I hv had no signal on NBC in a week..I miss all U guys!!!! 
It's raining heavily in Calcutta. Got trapped 
@xx_Megan_xx Is the floor that bad? I'm having a shitty month myself. Got toothache now 
Got a good nights sleep, but still frustrated with WP MU and Buddypress... Trying again, from the start 
Got up early this morning to welcome Iphone 3.0 into my life, imagine my disappointment when I discover that it won't be out until later 
Good morning once again twitterville. Done with my meeting and back home in bed nursing this headache. Gotta work later  oy..
@Agent_M D3 is a game I am looking forward too. Got my B.net account all ready for it too. I'm just going to miss the necromancer 
Got locked up in a small storeroom. Patience is the key people! Knee abrasions thanks to the carpet. They hurt.  today was great.
Woke up w/sore throat. Must b getting old. Immune system isn't what it used to be. Trick knee is also in full effect. Got a limp going on 
Got half of my daughters Lyme test results back. It's looking like a positive showing  #squarespace );
Got stuck in a corridor between a whole load of S1s and fellow S5s while Rosie just laughed at me 
Talk about being thrown off. Gotta get my head straight. 
is searching for some random rare mobs in Outland.  Bloody Rare is a hard achievement to get. Got 4 out of 20 rare mobs 
Christine got the album! And I didn't! :O Gotta get it soon!  But still get one! LVATT!  Woot, woot!
College acceptance bittersweet... Got a jury duty summons in the same mail pile 
Makin cookies at jessys. Got kicked outta the pool 
Finally worked out! Feeling good. Got a couple compliments.... now, I need to keep going no matter how soar I get. I miss my bike 
Got the iphone 3.0 software downloaded and can't install it  Activation server is experiencing severe macho mannage.
WTF! Got an error  The XXXX cannot be updated at this time because the iPhone activation server is temporarily unavailable
at home sick   I hate being sick. can't do anything. dam it! Got to watch the Lakers
@JKnightTimeLove ready as I can be I guess! Got Mohegan tomorrow nite, not 5* though  , you going tomorrow night too?
Got to work early this morning. Eating porridge and drinking tea. I had a bad case of the snores lastnight - ruined somebody's evening 
@danddee I know.  I'm hardly in though. Got McFly duties to take care of. but we'll squeeze it in.
@fathomco I'm so sad I missed the Hamilton Beach event  Got swamped at work and couldn't make it. Hopefully next year!
Got to actually play w/ a real live #PalmPre at the local Sprint store. Joined their waiting list. Think I'm going to miss my Treo. 
Back from Dr--said Judy can start walking again (little bit) She's happy so I'm happy. Gotta fix dinner now. Need some rest. Work 2morrow 
@DonnieWahlberg Got my Sydney concert tix today.    But I will keep in my NKOTB scrapbook with my one from 92.
Sherbert @ carvel was a horrible idea. Got talked out my regular. 
Broke a cymbal tonite  bye bye money.  Got into a &quot;discussion&quot; w/ mom and dad today bout my music.  Lots of fun :\
Hard day digging ditch and installing electric line yesterday.  Today more of the same.  Long day.  Got to walk in the morning... uhg! 
Got a new cousin on the 11th named Benjamin! but he is currently in the NICU cause he is having problems breathing. 
This Obcecion Is Over!!!! I Hate U   I Got To Be Strong!!!
Goin 2 bed. Got a funeral to go to in the AM... 
Feeling really Sick today!  Got get better for my travels, lots of Coaster Riding planned!!
Got the vaccuuming done. Washed the rugs N they're hangin up 2 dry. Smells nice! Its almost 9p &amp; I need 2 get a shot  Not fun 2yrs later!!
Eating dinner (Mexican). Got to get back to work after that 
Got Jamba with Jared. And had to buy gas. 
Leaving Party Early. Got to be up early for work. 
Grocery shopping is done. Got everything in the house before the rain started falling. Wont be seeing the sun for awhile  Night everyone!
Got told off at work today. Slap on the wrist sucks  gotta get my arse in gear!
Got back about 9, nice guy, fell to sleep after getting more exercise than I ever have in my life. Woke having missed Mistress by 4 mins. 
damn it! damn it! Download failed! Gotta redownload the entire software upgrade again 
Got some books for Joey Mac's foundation. Check that off the list. Bubbles has escaped from her ball again. 
Surprised! Wadda... Can't understand this boy   why oh why...  Got all the appetite for that   Disgusting...
Programming Class going well so far. Got an error today in my code; I asked the professor about it. He couldn't tell me what was wrong. 
Heading to school in about 25 miniutes. Got a math test today &amp; im really scared  Tweet later ;D
Off to bed. Gotta get up an extra hour early the next two days.    iPhone coming soon though!!! Went &amp; bought a purdy case for it haha
The dude and I are going to watch &quot;Confessions Of A Shopaholic&quot; before photoshooting... Got a slight headache 
Found one found one found one  Gotta wait two whole weeks now 
@KarinaEHowell Got paid today...but all my cash this week is for Manchester    I can pay you back in the next couple weeks?
@eurini Done!! Wehey! Got indegestion though  and HAHA! Please don't stop Lorraine!
Got a call earlier from @HirstyDose, probably the worst timing for Danny to give me an ear full, I yelled back at him, sorry mate.. 
Got Fever  so tired
Got got back from gym. Nd now time to get ready for work! Yay 
Got hair caught in my nape piercing!!! Hurt.  Ended up cutting the hair out because it was pulling on the jewlery.
Having an eye allergy from my new Lancome mascara.  Gotta rest in and use eye drops. Sigh. TV and comp screens hurt my eyes too.
Just had a stunning homemade bolognese in a pub. Feeling full now. Got shouted at by Rach for looking at a hot waitress in a mini skirt 
@Greg888 Got the Gulp ready! That works better than live bait, I am just about convinced of that! I seriously need to practice knot work! 
Got back into work today to find that my NASA coffee mug was broken... Really pissed off. It was the first thing that my wife brought me. 
Unpacked my stuff. Got everything out. Right now just watching The Golden Girls and hanging out with Piccy. Cut my leg on the dish washer 
Awesome. I got a nail in my tire in a place they can't repair. Gotta buy a new tire. 
@myrika_fp Got twitter on a whim. Mind if I follow? PS I know what you mean - I've had no time/will to write lately. 
Im bummed cause my email via Outlook not working.Going thru Yahoo 4 email, cumbersom. Got to get a tech over, hopefully today.  Paul sends
Got a head ache  its sad.. Waiting for the aspirin to kick in
@DAUGHTRY4EVA I dont' know, maybe, but SO many are gone, who knows, maybe that's how it works! LOL no worries! Gotta go back to work  bye!
Got Jacob's 4 month shots today...He cried 
had a great time at Britian's Got Talent and got a few autographs but George didn't come to where i was. 
@pkay  Had no idea VPN was down!  When did that happen? Gotta love Qwest!
Got out of going to Fort Wayne, but I feel like crap 
@DonnieWahlberg but even with no pay we wil make it work. Gotta live with what ya got, but it does mean less NK's for me 
Got a rejection for &quot;The Devil Lives at the Bottom of the Garden&quot; 
Got to Central with time to spare, looks like I left Liverpool Tweetup too early  #lpooltwup
Got her to eat a few bites of food. Changed the water and she still rejected it!  She's laying down on a pillow in the kitchen now.
I am getting BSOD on my relatively new Dell desktop. Wonder if it is a memory related issue. Gotta read a bunch of very boring stuff 
Too much rain! Got soaked in my sweater on the way back home.  Hot shower after feels awesome.
@megbear ack!  otoh I was lucky! Got moved up from my 7.30 flt to 4.10! Waiting for TO
Got bugged in prototype. Stuck in a super soldier's embrace forever  http://yfrog.com/3o31nj
Am goin to sleeeeppp! Got 6th form in the morning then work!  I hate fridayys !! Night night twitter xx
Woo School soon  Gotta do some ad for school, nervousism is building up D:
Got a new blackbbery application Buzzd, pretty cool, get to learn about bars, restaurants, and events in chicago! Too bad I'm leaving 
Talking to Chris and feeling really sad about him possibly going to Afghanistan. Gotta find a way to deal with that stress 
FEAR 2 still not finished downloading. Got stuck on &quot;Download starting&quot; while I was asleep. 
Tired. Gotta let the dog out early in the morning. Yuck. Job training on monday. 
Got here MAD late!!!! Missed 3 songs  show  went soooo fast but still GREAT!!
(WoW) Got pwned with a raid party trying to kill one of the 4 World Dragons. 
Got back from church. / Feet are killing me. / And I'm sad now. 
Movie night a no-go. Got turned down  Points for trying?
just got in the office and carrying on with my favorite summer drink, lemsip!!  Got the Lem bit right of it 
Got to drive to Coventry today...  and then to the gym and then out tonight... not enough hours in the day!
my costal excursion ends in a couple of hours. Its bitter sweet. Got 3 Nokia phones (yeah..high end thingys!) locked on safcom  and..
On the train.. Heading to work for a marathon 9hr shift!  Gotta make the money tho! http://myloc.me/4qER
@JasonBradbury wish I had the pennies to upgrade to a 3Gs. Got another 11 months to go on my 3G contract though 
Got my tickets for Year One. I have a bad feeling that it's $20 I will deeply regret spending 
Wild night. Feet r all bruised up from bein stepped on  I'm exhausted. Gotta be up gettin ready for work in 3 hours...
Got the day off in order to have lunch with Rebekah at school. Just catching up on my accounts... 
Got 146/196 on my Steyr range practice last week, 10 off marksman score 
Burger King was quite funny all 30 of us just got up and danced in the middle of store..Got kicked out. 
Got my Moo MiniCards (no holder) the image is not how I set it on the website no tel number on website, contact form 404's  #moo #mincards
'Gotta start writing some business plans for mine + Greg's site. This is going to be fun 
@bbunderground I'm using UberTwitter, and really like it. Got prompted to update to new &quot;ad supported&quot; version today. 
Radio interview didn't happen this morning. Got up at 5am for nothing. 
Woo! Got my iPhone 3Gs! But I have to wait 'til bossman shows up to give my laptop an internet connection so I can sync it. 
I &lt;3 Aerosmith. Janie's Got a Gun is so sad though  &lt;/3 #swagbucks
Got my hair colored n now its dun wat should i do wit the rest of my day 2 more weeks wit my Bestie den back to germany 
@moanaah  that was me last night. Got to nj after work and was working on more stuff til 2 am BC I'm off today. Head barely above water!
@RubbaDuckyLuva KH good? Gotta go with my mum  Why're you getting your hair curled NOW? Prom's not for two weeks...
Way too busy to be online today   Sore from roof squats. Got my CHICKENFOOT blasting! Have a great weekend!!
Just finished doing round of plotting. Got more pages to add to the summary outline. Cheesecake is gone. 
TGIF. Gonna be pretty HOT again  yuck! Got up @8am &amp; knocked out my laundry . Spending last nite's paycheck on all bills. Broke time 
Got my breath back. Not a good final leg of journey home. Strong head wind all the way and got stung on the lip by flying stinging thing 
The cupboard is empty! Gotta go to the store..peanut butter no bread, milk no cereal, ham no burger, sugar no koolaid..Hungry 
Waiting for the call.. Nervous.. Anndd I wanna go back 2 sleep. Gotta work tonight 
Ew. I also register for Southpointe July 13th @ noon. And show starts @ 3 I believe. Gotta love my conflicting schedule. 
Got a big batch of daylilies from another MG this morning in pinks and reds.  Need to get them in the ground right away. 
Maaan tonight was actaully amazing! I've literally just stopped crying  Team hot stuff!! Gotta say, i think we bet last years =P
Playing some Guitar Hero 3 for Wii.  Got a few 5* on experts in the house so far.  I 4*'d Closer on Hard.  I don't play very often 
I gave in to McDonalds today. Got home with my Coke in hand, only for it to be knocked over, spilled all over my carpet 
great day of de-tiling the floor! Started off atom by atom, but then finally got chunks off! Praise the lord! Got blister though. 
Just did a @ reply search on Robin. Gotta stop adding his name in my tweets *blushes like mad* He'll think I'm a tweet freak!  
Got tethering but no MMS.  Boo. I wanted MMS more than I wanted tethering. #iphone #att
Got back from Toronto today, still feeling sick from spending 8 hours on a bus next to a DISCUSTING bathroom! 
Had a bad day... Dropped my Harley in my ToyHauler then took out a friends neighbors mailbox.  Also scratching my trailer!!!  Got Drink?? 
Got a little laptop at a yard sale, hoping to get it working just to install OC and SAI - I really need to get back to drawing every day 
Hubby i sstaying home tonight from work. YAY! But he doesn't feel well  I'll be taking care of him 2 night. Gotta get him better!
Got my Sony Vaio back today from their repair center.  Really missed Vista. Setting it up right now.  Got a lot of software to reinstall 
At UNOs for snack hour!!! Then block party then bed.. Gotta be up by 6 
Got her twilight back YESSSS! Stuck at home on a friday night siiiiick though 
Got done watching the grudge, now watching prom night. Grudge 2 was too scratched up to play 
Last show tonight  but it should be an AWESOME one  Lisntening to I Got A Feeling by the Black Eyed Peas !!!
Tryin to go to sleep... Gotta be awake and on the road in 3 hours... 
Thought I was going crazy... The (labs) option in Gmail to default to reply-to-all was removed. Got very used to having that in feature. 
Gotta love it when ur dad doesnt have enough time for you on Fathers day... So much for taking him to ICE AGE 3. 
Heading to the Carpathians in about 1.5 hours. Forecasted to rain all weekend  Gotta go pack my hiking pack, will update as we go...
Got  a B on psych final--B for the class. Math final monday! good-bye first summer!! helllooooo second 
Got screwed by the punk arsed Metlink App with its dodgy timetable. No more buses, walking to tram now but will be late. 
Got really sore throat and feeling bit Rubbish this morning !! 
Wow! Def shouldn't have listened to that safetysuit song. Got me all sad &amp; shit now.   He's on a plane comein home. I miss him so much. 
just back from seeing Beltane parade. Got soaked tho. 
Just got back from town! Got something for fathers day. Stupid weather its raining now 
Looks like the crew at modmyi.com have jailbreak for iPhone 3.0 already.  Too bad I don't have a MAC.  Gotta wait for the Windows version 
Beach weekend cut short. Elise with a 103 fever. Got it from sick kids at bible camp this past week. On the way home 
Just watched my friend crash her car at 80MPH into a pole. Got it on video. 
Got Headache 
Bad day for me. Got caught by traffic police. Was taken to police court. Charged. Bike was taken away from me. Really sad day for me 
Got new phone!  Have to wait until I'm back in SD to get it fully functional.    Cubs game today!
Got my intell Q6700 @ 5.2ghz last light and still didn't die.  Soo much for that i7 upgrade anytime soon 
Got freaked by late news report of woman IM training in Penticton in deadly crash. Won't ride bike on my own today. On trainer 5 hours 
@Anu2008 And it's going to last that long?  Where did you hit it so bad. Gotta do some first aid thingy
@wardle_26 yep, putting a couple of shelves up &amp; my drill dies, typical! Got a new one now, so no escaping wifey's DIY needs now 
Got a great swiss army knife. Cut myself by accedent 
Got to my destination. Water here tastes funny. Yucky tea  nice b&amp;b though!
Sweet girl has BAD ear infection.   Off to pick up Rx. Gotta get better before the beach!
Gotta live with this crappy laptop for now... It's freaking slow and laggy! Wonder when will my computer be fixed. 
Drove home in the majorly heavy rain - windscreen wipers full speed, and still cudnt see. Got out and got completly drenched  lol
2 hours to go to the Farmers Market.  Got a lot of stuff, but not everything I needed, due to faulty memory.  
@drewfosho Sucks! But I won't go when it's a thousand degrees! Gotta wait till Fall 
Got a cold. Sore nose, not nice... 
Got the Matte finish cover, had the Specialist put it on, found out I have a tiny chip in my phone face!!!!!  so sad!
Exhausted right now. Got bourbo and beer for tonight, but no scotch. 
Got EA Sports Active, cant wait to go on it, i fear the strap if it brakes in my face 
@maxreemer Exactly! Walked down town and the heavens opened. Got soaked. Gutted  x
Gotta tend to my crabs.       (Hermit, silly...I have a tank.)  ;-)
Gave a rev disc to my tow truck driver.  He was stoked, but as you can imagine, i'm not too thrilled to HAVE a towtruck driver. Old van 
Got myself a new camera today. Wanted to take it to venice for a try but too sick to get out of bed 
@Emmgie I didn't go to a summit, sweetie. Got home from Canada yesterday. I saw you weren't too impressed, though. 
Rained at BBQ                         Got drunk 
Got the PC sorted, i took it back to factory settings, but now i've got Man Flu and just cant be arsed.  
Got to be up for 8am tomorrow to go to Whitby! 
@Joshgroban 'june gloom' here in seattle too!  Advil?? Got a hangover??
Got home late last night from going to my Aunt's funeral. Resting today, feeling a little better 
work was a killah!  watch Proposal w/ Ngan tonight hm?:] Got a letter from Jet !  I miss my ate's like crazy  &amp; i'm stayin ghost4awhile.
Got a friend who isn't doing too well.  Her life does suck. I don't know what to say. I mean, it isn't worth dying over but I don't know.
Anyone know the name of the DJ @ Dreamz on Clairmont? Got his # in my phone but can't remember his name... 
Got a truck with tire issues on Monteagle I-24  not a good place for tire trouble
Got back from a party at a friend's.  We had to leave early cause the son wasn't feeling well.   Watching Hancock w/the hubby! #square ...
Battery is dieing  Gotta go charge it.
Got my &quot;Reunion audition&quot; e-mail today. and I don't know how to make the *tear* emoticon. 
Got the Fisheye lomo pics developed and half of them didn't turn out good. 
Got my nassau bittys on deck. Got this shot glass game on deck and we got the free crib! Can sumbody say TURN IT UPPP! Cassii cummm 
Got underpaid for babysitting!  I was there 7hours! I should have got atleast @70-@100! Wth!
Walked in and put a dub on red and won.. Got greedy and put 40 on red and lost. 
It's official: I'm really sad that I can't go to MTL for the Draft #NHLTweetup.  Got the passport, but not enough cash. #hockeyfanfail
Got invited to a Kiwi Climate confrence in Denmark...!! Shame it's $3500!! I need money for Arizona! 
Listening to Fuse by #LukasRossi and really feeling the words right now. Gotta just light the fuse and walk away 
Got back from Phoenix and I wish we stayed down there longer!  This sucks!!!! Bad day today...well sorta!
@quantumrun Awesome. I have a few UK books too but none of HP  DH is the best. I read it the day it was out. Got no sleep. It was amazing.
Done our last 2 shows yesterday and last nite was amazin..thw crowd were awesome.....Gotta wait another year now    xx well done every1 x
Bought my first Blu-ray disk. Got 5th Element. Going to watch it tonight and drink some beer! Too dark now to fit front brake  Tired++
Bought my first Blu-ray disk. Got 5th Element. Going to watch it tonight and drink some beer! Too dark now to fit front brake  Tired++ #fb
Mini-vacation about to end  Traveling back home 2Hellsinki today. So booring... Gotta get that thought out of my mind for now...
Got the new iPhone OS installed today - no mms for me though  the joys of being an early adopter!
Got the Ac fixed.  Out $200.  No tattoo for me.  
Bedtime. Gotta get up at 9am. Effing work at 11  See you guys in the morning. Toodles.
Leaving the cabin  Got bug-bit putting up deer fence around the fruit trees. Cherry and apple someday. Blueberries too. I believe in pie.
Got to go Head hurting again Diabetes 
5:50 am - feel like shit, not because of alcohol but because of too much food at girl's night. Food hangover sucks. Gotta run in 2 hours. 
Got a point...but why KIMI couldn't beat Felipe-Baby??? 
@Rendell7 Got twitter now? You stalker LOL. jokes jokes. I still havent seen your pink hair 
Got Rubik Cube as a present... Now have to remember how i solved it 27 years ago 
This humidity in NYC is killing me,Got my hair looking extra Frizzy! 
@unknownsnapper My mum used to have one of those, but she sold it years ago  Got an AE-1 Program for backup if the T90 snuffs it though.
@mwilton13 never made it to the beach. Got a call that Aidan had to get picked up sick about 2 blocks away, then had worst weekend. 
Anyone know of any rich people who would like to help me pay off my loans? Got denied from the Peace Corps because of them 
Got DTV! 4 channels, 3 of them PBS  More pending playing around with my antenna.
Waiting to get coffee with Jeff. Got cut from work 
Got in a car accident,,,car is totalled  not a good day yesterday! buuuuuut I leave tomorrow for FLORIDA!
@MonaSmith @howlieT Got right through to PayPal and last link got an error, not sure if I bought them now. 
Got 2 of the 3 dogs back from groomers. Too bad SuperDog (Bella) isn't ready yet. She's my favorite. 
The Mustard Seed meeting was good, but I was totally out of it  Gotta get on a better sleep/eating/exercise routine
NoFX's Soul Doubt seems impossible on Medium or harder in GWHT  Got 5 star on the first 4 songs..then failed it repeatedly. Not even close
@yelliebird great! Happy driving. Gotta love california traffic... But I miss LA traffic so bad 
is never thought i would be grossed out by lindsay lohan topless-   Got an A in OB so out celebrating with the crew
Gotta Whole double bed on my own tonight, feels farrr to big for just little me, need a damon sized figure to fill the gab again 
Got a tummy ache today.   Ate human food.
Just saw the vid of KStew falling. Aww, poor bb. Looked like a hard fall.  Got right back up and did it again though. Hope she's okay. &lt;3
Drinking a Caramel High Rise from Caribou and just got my haircut... Cant say i love it... Got it thinned for summer 
Countin down the days till mi bday! Can't wait till I go on hols either! Got the orthodentest when I cum back tho 
Gotta get back to reading Socio10 ekruh now.  So sleepyyy.
Summer !! Got nothing 2 do  no pool, no friends available, ahhhhhhhhhhhh !!
@PHLAK Awesome pic man. Not sure about tonight  Got to be on a plane tmw to head to Oregon at 5am.... Transformers 2 vs Work.....
Got off from work early. Who wants to watch Transformers at midnight with me? 
Ugh. Muggy day. Gotta get stuff done today. Errands suck 
Messing with iPhone workarounds. Got tethering working but not mms  Found this at B&amp;N the other day...  http://twitpic.com/87dr8
Got my tix 2 China manye! I can't believe I'm finally going after all this time! It's exciting, but sad at same time, I'll miss my baby 
Apple are annoyingly slow at dispatching stuff. Got an order in which has been &quot;Prepared for shipping&quot; went to &quot;Shipped&quot; and now back 
Got an exam tomorrow. Horrifying... 
Got tomorrow off work. Not for nice reason. Funeral. 
Got the call. Economy strikes again. Job hunt here I come. 
Chuck (cat) came to say hi. Sat on lap. Got kicked by uterine occupant. I no longer have a cat on my lap and think this is a sign 
Got kicked out cause jennys doing a voicelesson..I wanna SING 
Ugh the fish hook and drill guy.  America's Got Talent
Got my SOCAN magazine (Society of Composers, Authors &amp; N(ot know-embarassed!)-&quot;this is how my heart breaks&quot;(Rt)-I miss writing MY music  !
@SimoneSkye I wish u lived closer yo. You're my nigga simone! Gotta hit me up more before I disown you! Dm me ur number, got a new phone 
how the eff did it end up being 11:40?!?!  I gotta go to bed...Gotta stare at a computer screen all day tomorrow!!    Night tweeties!!
@Asfaq no re... i think i shall hv to let it pass. Got a lot of work to wrap up, in office  I hope you guys have a blast, out there x-D
Got my Mexican Food now I'm stuffed and ready for sleep buuut I'm at da Homie crib for a second first cus he leavin for a week 
Got to go to fucking Essex today  anyone know what the dartford toll is now?
I just watched all of Degrassi: Season 3.. Gotta love being sick! 
Just had the bus ride from hell &gt; Why put on a single when the double is nearly always full? Got that bus back as well. Stupid Arriva 
Got to go to some silly job fair today  i have no idea what i'll have to do i've just been told to brin CV's :|
Gotta finish up HW assignments today..... MEHHHHHHhhhHHh 
Got a txt from my Marine in Jordan letting me know he's alright! Dang, my 730am run is coming quickly 
Flu is gone but still have a slight fever and the headache is annoying  Gotta get better tomorrow to watch transformers!
@mark_till  Oooooooooo, the Killers ))))  Got the direct msg, but for some unknown reason it won't let me reply to u via direct msg 
Mornin twitterville whats been up?  Got a big bio test this mornin not so sure of myself send up a prayer 4 ur girl  holla later
Got stupid report back and failed maths  but passed everything else got my first C in Geography go me 
I hope I can get to the DIY event this Saturday @okcCoCo. Related: Can't come to the Jelly today. Got to hang out with the plumber 
I do not like working 24 hours in a 32 hour window. Feeling sleepy! Gotta love the Army  Good luck today @followtheblonde...
Got woken up by religious nuts ringing the bell. Guaranteed to put me in a foul mood. Took ages getting back to sleep after 
Missin my princess.. Missed my mornin kiss   she's spending da rest of da week wit her aunt n cousin.. Want my gmornin smooch 
@catman1975 oh! I really like that!! Gotta stress test &quot;new&quot; pc today anyhow, maybe I will bring up router config. Touch won't bring up 
Got a really really really really really Sore Throat  Not good!!
Got sucked back in and now I'm back to having to wait each week for new episodes of Bleach. And it's getting so good, too 
Got to reinstall EVE Online. Grrrr 
Got in for work late  well im not sad this time because i wasn't really feeling well and my &quot;Massa&quot;  knew that yet i am been talked to zzz
Got an email back on a job, and I think I mistook a real writing job for a 'steal &amp; rewrite' job. Talk about killing my front page buzz. 
not going back.  Got sick while trying to get ready.  I REALLY didn't want to use a whole PTO day today 
Woke up at 1 pm. Not nice. Gotta study Math the wholee day 
Went to the Dooce book signing.  Got my book signed.  Made an ass of myself.  But otherwise a good time. 
Going out soon. Got Mileys CD 
Long day. Hope I can catch a few Zzs as a result. Grabbing blankey.     then off to chair. Gotta B up in just a bit 4 the bloodletting. 
Plugged in iPhone. Dismissed syncing screen. iPhone synced WITHOUT the sync screen, then crashs... Gotta love hightech 
 Disneyland was great! ... Got to go and pick up the kitties in a minute ... ?
Got enough stamps for a free coffee today, so got myself a large Mocha 
Got my scottish cup semi-final tickets today  C'mon the Bairns!!!
Sitting in cineworld awaiting Monsters vs Aliens in 3d. Got my specs on in anticipation. 
Heading to my office at SunSpots recording studios near Orlando. http://tinyurl.com/cfyvds Got some auds and radio commercials to read 
Got approved to travel to Palo Alto the week of the SAP Inside Track 2009.  See you all there.  
Single and Samantha Who are back on tv tonight! Gotta love those shows. 
@charlief My cat did that. Got him a bigger box -- actually a LARGE plastic under-the-bed storage box.  Cat! Ur doin' it wrong! LOL
@His_Dreamgirl Got it! 
Walked my butt off. Ate spicey food du jour. Gotta get daddy to massage my ankles and we should be gold. 
Gold on my solo and in lyrical group and high gold for lyrical line, what an awesome day! Gotta get read for pointe and modern tomorrow 
Gotta get up early and raise some money  PANCAKE BREAKFAST @ William cannon and I-35! Help me out we'll be there 8-10am
Best to stay positive  Got a secret and brilliant present for Steve, he needs happy in him!
@cenelson08 HA! LOL I forgot u down there with Turner no leisure time with her!  Gotta get my bartending skills ready
@tamij I'll let u know later   Gotta do marketing literature, work on IT project, do SS lesson &amp; some family time...whew #hhrs #tcot #hcb
Stayed at laurels last night. Got to bed at like midnight. Thats early for me! 
@matthewmoloney it will give them a better chance but can't really see it working either. Got my fingers crossed for Lewis though 
I am working on a review of a great new self-help book... Gotta run, Landon wants to play outside in the sun 
@Fearnecotton dinner on the sofa in front of Britain's Got Talent for me too. TV highlight of the week  love it
Haa Britains Got More Talent is so funny !  I kindaa lik Pierce Morgan now ! =\
Got sweats and a t-shirt at the ERAU bookstore.   wearing them on monday
Gotta jump off for now,do the dinner thing,deal with husbands and kids and blah,blah,blah. Elvis has left the building-temporarily 
@DHVernon Got a butt call for you today. Surprised Nique, who handed me the phone, only to hear your butt and little else. 
Got #RE5 for $59.99 no tax.  Sweet! 
At home watching the re-runs of Britains Got Talent with Lauren 
Gotta go for now.  GOnna fix my things for tomorrow trip to Clark 
Just saw fast and furious movie! Got 2 love fast cars... Wat u all thk? Muscle vs import? 
@Elizabeth_N jus lemme know when ya need more. Got 27 yrs of jokes stored up 
I've just been shopping with the money my gran gave me for Easter. Got a pair of boots, 2 books and a DVD! 
@Cuppycake143 lol sounds like me when I was chillin with Jerson. Gotta love them old school jams. 
Got it  #ASOT400
Got me a pair of Air Jordan 2009's 
Got up early to write story with Dannie. Get on MSN Dannie! Hehe  x
Got triple head running on #LOTRO at 4240x1050 
Got some jordons (spelling??) for the first time last night at the mall, the Hubby says I'm cool now cause I've never had them before 
@piccic they never have chicken feet at Ming Court! Got my shiu mai tho 
Got the quad bike going. Fun time. Yipee. 
Math is so not fun :I Gotta work on some english now! Despite all this tedious work, i still LOOOOVEEEE my life 
Ready for the first BBQ of the year   Got the herb ready too ;)
@lynnnein #flylady How's the WHB going? Got most of mine done  Not perfect, of course - but so nice to be ahead cos busy week coming up...
Wish everyone a Fantastic Sunday!! Gotta get off 2 church, i luv it! we're like family.. love u ICC!!!!  we're in LA area,all r welcome!!
Puppy and I are going to the park!   Got totally drunk last night. ;)
Got the Bounce House set up, Radio Disney blarin' and it's not even a birthday!  http://myloc.me/4an
Got 3 new fish today for pond, mine is a ghost koi and he is called Andy 
Blah. Got phone back ;] Text  440-749-7014  [:
Gotta go clean now.    Bai!
Got a meeting at the Thirt Hotel this morning so I'm taking advantage of the weather and just walking in. It's lovely 
Got @danschawbel's book Me 2.0 on the mail  Looking forward to reading it!
Showered dressed, and ready for another week.  Refreshed because I got to fly this weekend - both days.  Gotta love spring-like weather!
Wewt 20/20 marks for Distributed Systems lab 3  Got the GUI mark for indenting incoming messages as &quot;seperating input and output&quot; LOL.
Got our aircon bk. It's 35 in shade with fan goin so it's NEEDED. Cycled to Angkor Wat for sunrise c5am. Slept again til noonish 
@holliedunny yay. Gotta take a day of work heh, but should be fun. Glasshouse + beer = always fun 
Yay the exam went well  Got alot of HW for tommorrow meh,better start.
after work and a trip to WalMart, I finally got to bed @ 1:30. Got an early start to create my presentation for this afternoon (finally) 
@ankhwk2008 I was just thinking the same thing. Got out of habit w all the church Easter preps. Will start up again more religiously. 
i just Got Home ..Home Sweet Home     ( came from the Stupid Vegas )
Giving a tour of the studio to Canadian Minister of Culture Aileen Carroll today.  Got my fancy pants on and everything.  All posh today. 
Gotta love Florida  First sunny then rainy in the blink of an eye ;-) How is everyone today?.....spending time at home with my girls......
Finally awake. Gotta work 2:30-7:30  Happy 4/20 
Got back from The Cutting Room 
@davescook - Thanks  Shame I still want a new  job eh? Got an interview with SAC for a PA next month too  x
@counternotions Water.  Gotta keep a clear mind for a decision like that 
@terralikesfire copying Liz and I lol got. Got those at hot topic did ya?? I was going to buy the ones feli got 
@htlnick HTL in Boston tonight was amazing. Got sweet photos. Happy birthday. I will bring you high fives &amp; poptarts on warped. Yah dig!? 
Got my bill from Optus - a credit for $53,580. Everything + more covered from last 3 months. Took forever, but great final outcome  #fb
Hey @jonasbrothers Are you excited about filming Camp Rock 2? ..PLEASE play Got Me Going Crazy on tour  See you in Toronto!! #jonaslive
Drinking a glass of wine, getting ready to go down to Wangs &amp; meet the boy... Gotta love the sandbox on a friday night  I &lt;3 Spokane!
Exhausted and heading to bed. Got some crazy cool photos of the Spryfield area fire last night. Will share soon 
Done touring Solvang today. Not much to do there, Paul and i just strolled the quiet streets &amp; got some Danish cookies. Gotta sleep now. 
@EnglishRoses  morning! Praying for fine weather. Loadsa garden stuff Got to cut a new Hazel stick from ye olde Morris tree. Any plans u?
Chilling at home! Got back from dessert with jen, diane, and nicole. Trinity was pretty fun, stress ball and sdc worship!  I love fridays!
Got a haircut. It looks way different.  Lonely now without Keira and Abbey
Got the fileserver up and running with some new hard drives. Chris can go home now. 
Gotta go to the gym...Tweet later on the tube 
Juss Got in the crib bout to how in the shower brb *Switters* 
@sweynh LMFAO, mate!! Got it totally, and it was awesome... 
@durian_girl Got Miera's email last night and she misses us terribly. And don't over-stress yourself with your house painting!   ((hugs))
Got another freebie code with my yummy Graze box - if you want to try one for free, go to www.graze.com and use the code VDHY9TFH 
Gotta love OSX' built-in inverse-colors option. It's so calm for my eyes to see all code in light-on-dark 
Soon I'll be out and about...Gotta love early weekend workouts..Not as early as Danny but it's still early...w00t! 
Told Kris Edler that @jessgliserman and I watched 'Pamela's Prayer'.  Got nothing but laughter.  
@ibeatcancrtwice Just woke up! I am about 30 mins from bed! Doubt I will ever get used to that  Got plans for today?
Breakfast,,then off to the pool I go!! Gotta get my Rican glow on! 
@nancyfma ya me too. Got myself starbucks  Yummy
Got Aleli's crossage, Chick-Fil-A, and now I'm on my way to meet her 
Just ate like. . . 1/3 a cup of Craisins  Got my 1 fruit serving. On to chicken alfredo!
Watching Britains Got Talent... 
Not home, tweeting from a friends place  Got noting to tell Tweet you tomorow, I think (K)
going to watch the rest of Britain's Got Talent. 
Just got in the bed. Getting up @ 7am for a Cancer Walk! Gotta love helping people. 
(OOC: And yup, I've gotta go for the night too. Gotta get up early tomorrow for church. G'night, everybot!  )
I loved tonight! Thank you Calgary!  Got my 2nd World Vision sponsor too yay!!!
@FlyBeauty yeah, it's almost over now. Gotta love Shia 
Got the most amazing haircut today...at a barber shop! Spent the rest of the day cardmaking...so sleepy from Komen's walk! Night all 
had a good chill/rest/do absolutely nothing day. Got a lot to do 2morro though so I'm headed to bed. Goodnite. 
Goin to bed soon... Gotta wake up early and go to Seattle    hbu?
Got that song in your head but don't remember what it's called? www.midomi.com/  Sing or Hum a few bars and midomi will find it for you.  
Voodoo with Beth was amazing!! I had a blast!! Got a new clubbin' buddy!! 
Just finished a late dinner. Headed bake to the hotelie.... Gotta get ready for my late show.  
Got to go to bed. Started 3 layouts. Will code them tomorrow. 
ok, gonna go get the papers for mum &amp; some breakie then watch Something For The Weekend and back here later. Got my 1st html lesson to do 
Party tonight should be good Got some new jack wills clobber for the jack wills tournament 
says finally! done meeting up with MS. Got some good news too! ;) No biggie but it's still a blessing!  Bday... http://plurk.com/p/rj477
is recovering, good night last night at BBB. Got some studying to do today, but I'm heading out this afternoon to enjoy the day 
Got Greenday tickets for October 
Had the whole weight section of the gym to myself today! Gotta love Sundays... Now... Off to Lincoln! 
@OscarDelaHopia @twittedsunshine Found it! Got the mp3 for you na.  Is it ok though, I got the whole thing not just the sond? 
Got home.  Took Amy down the giant inflatable slide during the party, she liked it   I loved it too, wish I can have one in the house!
Got some TM in today... Success 
megans party last night was soo much fun!  Got to hang out with my friends for once which i loved! Marching Band banquet tonight! Friends!
Shall now retire for the evening. Gotta go somewhere decent tomorrow. Wish me a good weather. Good night! 
Just got home from a long drive back from London. Worth it tho. Got to see my buddy H and Pink @ O2 last night! Good times! 
@TarotByArwen Doing great, just trying to juggle the three jobs and keep from running crazy. Gotta get my freaking WIP going faster!! 
Enjoyed a *Biodiesel* Duck Tour with mom on Saturday. Gotta love excuses to be touristy!      #Boston #Green
has his facial mask on. Gotta be pretty!  What's happening peeps? Spell Tired? D-E-E-K-E-E!!!
@therealnuma Awesome me too  Got a busy two weeks with uni and my birthday and Melbourne but after that.
Watching h&amp;a! Got new photos for myy room  Waiting for Ulise to get home.
Done with HW...gonna read a bit then pass out. Got a cool week to look forward too in between all the mayhem 
@createtomorrow good morning! Got to be afternoon in Germany 
@Antonio_Perth Awesome...love top gear..whos your favourite?Got to admit i have a soft spot for captain slow 
Gotta TeraByte  of space to store movies 
Got up late,yet still managed to do housework in same time. Not bad going. Better go and finish off 
Working from home today. Got the flu, not the SWINE though 
@MelodyLeaLamb Big Thanks Melody!  Gotta love that sunshine-lots of vit D 
Got into the show early. Jackson's chillen. Lil shorty 
Got caught in the rain. Sand Monsoon all the way home, even though i looked like a complete idiot 
Waiting for tish to get off. Got to drive my moms CRV to pick her up all my myself and duckie. First time 
Got caught in the rain with about 7 people  Now, probably just gunna watch Smallville till I fall asleep
Got a sunburn from Coney Island bike ride 
On my way to CP.. Got some work there. 
Got a Saturdays framed signed foto last night  and a Valentino rossi 1 aswell  eee what a night 
Got a sandwich &amp; orange juice. Yum 
@turab235 lol.. Baby Got Back... For the record, I am not proud of that moment  Damn u Sir Mix-A-Lot!
Got some of Gary Lineker's finest raspberries 
@DiSCOLENA @Swedish_em You should have come  haha it was an awesome party. Got home at 5 
Got power at 4am!  Woo hoo!  Thanks for the wakeup call to let me know it was back on CU!  
Rise and shine Peeps err, Tweets. It's a new dawn. It's a new day. A new life for me and I'm feeling good! Got to love Nina 
Got my mom a waffle maker (sorry A9) a couch and a disneyland pin. Job well done 
Got Accepted to Grad School!!! 
@Knitcave1 I have not tried natural dyes yet - keep meaning too  Chocolate helped nicely.  Got quite a bit of knitting done too 
Got to sleep in &amp; is now having a better lunch than Denny London. 
Gotta start my diet... after Celebrity Apprentice 
Got Betsey Johnson earrings! Cross, pink heart, black rose!  http://twitpic.com/4yhfc
Happy Mommys day!! Got my madre sum really pretty orange flowers...yes im such a good daughter 
@danomite84  Got the green tea and coconut in honor of you.  Yum 
Got home, rehearsed a lot today, celebrated Carlos' B-day. Nice day, had lots of fun. Work tomorrow. T_T Wish me luck. Oyassumi Nassai. 
@ciara_danella @ i Got our shirts from @410bc . They rock! Excited to sport mine on my plane ride tomorrow 
I finally had an ice cream  Magnum Almond  I'm in my way home now. Gotta study math
@annawilliams I'm the high end of what he charges, actually. Unsure how many mo' clients I'm taking on, tho. Got products coming out now! 
Gotta take lunch. I have to see Archie again on Eat Bulaga!  weeee 
... Despite the fact that I was &quot;Shot down&quot; that it's &quot;Not a warped porno&quot; LOL Gotta love you, you know who you are 
Got into D&amp;B's no problem! Met up with Braddah @BrianViloria, he let me hold his championship belt!  http://twitpic.com/557a0
Not amused  Got up at crack of dawn to write an AMAZING article for Ambition magazine at very short notice and now hear they have folded!
@Sodapix great pic, but try this one: http://bit.ly/Lj4o1  Got you 
@janiefinlay yeah was good fun thanks  Got one silver award, but Alan scooped the pool!
Jilly and I had a great date night! Saw the play &quot;Rent&quot; it was awesome! Got our birds all outside now off for a run, have a great day! 
Goodnight all...Got an early start and its coming up to midnight  Down Under 
@bigjstl I'm a Cornell fan. Gotta help spread the love. 
Has Just Got Herr New Phone 
Monkey class. Gotta love your flying mates... as' you are close  LOL
At lowes! Got a bench for the front!! It was my mothers day gift from my Mama.  http://twitpic.com/55stp
watching You've Got Mail 
Got Paid  and now has money to buy her summer clothes 
Just got back from a long walk down melrose haven't done that in a while I've been so played out on that street.Got my Jeffrey Campbells! 
This dog Chow kicks ass Gotta love peanut butter 
My bed time reading tonight? US Weekly and People Magazine, of course! Gotta keep up with my celebs 
Got something u want or need?? Place a wanted ad on www.chekkout.com Log on to learn more in FAQ 
At Helldorado Rodeo with a bunch of kids. Got my boots on. 
Went to a fair, a bar and a disco in Regensburg last night. \o/ Was the designated driver.  Got home 10 minutes ago. Good Night. (-_-)Zzz
Going to bed! Gotta get up early and go support my love tomorrow at the Santa Fe Century!! very excited!!!!! goodnight 
Shower then bed. Gotta be rested for tomorrow with all my buddies 
Gotta get up @4 an walk for relay,ugh I don't wana,I'm so sore,so sick,can't stand it,I'm just gonna lay here an cuddle wit ma Teddy  LOL
@JamesSmithComic @johncmayer done and done dudes. Gotta support the home boys. And he's got one girl from Perth following him here 
@GeorgiaPrincez Fair enought   Gotta admire a girl who knows what she wants 
Bye tweeple! Gotta GO!.. 
Got picked up by @thechooo &amp; Queyny &amp; Khanh looking for trouble  (or some food)
gonna watch Britain's Got Talent...  watch a few vids on youtube...ands it great/funny!!
@twobeerqueers Brieanne has some &quot;new&quot; found talents?!  Gotta teach the rest of the team...  
Got up early have done some studying and just having a break for breakfast and the papers. Dry and sun trying to come out here 
Got in when it was light after night out last night. Twas awesome time with Jonny &amp; @stevieperry. Also found place that serves BABYCHAM 
Riding singlespeed in the sun!   Gotta love weekends in Edinburgh.
On my way to meet my DSA family for the Aids Walk, not tired but excited! Got my skippys on ready to make awareness all over NYC 
sittin around at home, watchin bits of eurovision again (: Britains Got Talent was fabb (: iliked Harmony+the grandad and grandaughter  x
@jboitnott Thanks Got Following me 
@mark_byron Loved your T4 snipets - U&amp; Andrew could not be more different if you tried!! Lol  Got your facemask yet??
@Gomisan I wanted one for a while, but never got one for my point-and-shoot camera. Got one for my DSLR though 
Got 21st Century Breakdown.  Might be a bit absent for a while... 
Nap time  Will be mugging tomorrow ( studying crazily for hours) Can't wait for RR this week .Got a crazy challedge from God. And its  ...
Got four hours sleep and playing an acoustic set at the church   #WIN!
Just got back from Target.  Got New Shutter Shades (hater blockers).  They're red this time! 
Rain was nice but now I'm ready for it to be over.  Got some sleep too 
Got my Starbucks today babyyyyyyyyy caramel machiatto  or however u spell that shiiiiiiiiiit
OPI &quot;Strawberry Margarita&quot;...LOVE this color! Got it on the nails &amp; feet yesterday @ the salon. Think its my new official summer color!! 
Got the keys and since we missed lunch with the in-laws, we are at Bogeys! 
Gotta go get ready for a walk with the hubby!! Tweet with everyone later 
Got Maya and 3DMax. I just wanted to know how its like  .....I'll just play around with it
@Carls30 Hey Carla, yeah not bad ta!  Got the two youngest lads baptised today, so it's been a busy one!  They're all in bed... zzzzzzzz! 
Got my new work shoes and bag!  Outlets are amazing haha now onto Square One...
Lets go Lakers... Now time for Orlando to win... Gotta buss out these last two days of skool and then summer begins 
Got Two Aquariums for the fish living in the office. Created a micro-habitat for the fish with lots of pebbles, stones and drift wood 
Got word from @mae_dbl that Miguel can see who he's playing with now since he already recognizes who's making funny faces before him. 
@russmp lol not gonna try again. Gotta save up my brain power for ap physics. Jk 
Watched 'Britains Got Talent' last night. Even Pierce Morgan has a soft spot for Belly Buttons, one act he asked why only 2 on display 
Got 150 Updates 
@molliemoo 12 September, most things in place now.  Got my wedding invites through last week   Getting a bit nervous about it all!!
Worked out at 5am on the eliptical this morning while watching #Diggnation (episode 199) on my #iPhone. Gotta love it!  .
Got a Maths exam in a few hours. I'm still in bed! 
Kidds drop off to school.. With scooter!Car drop off 4 mot, now off into town to finishs prepping for ITV2s Britains Got Talent 
Sitting in TKMax waiting foe Claire to try a dress on. Got everything I need to start my project now  Woodwork wen I get home HAHA .
Got my Wenger Clipper today and some extra SAK scales  Also have a cool streamlight stylus pro on the way as well 
@20Tree  nah... FL. Got a new mastering plugin (Ozone4)... so will be learning as much about it as possible 
Got The Man an appointment to register at my GP. Like all men, he thinks he doesn't need one, just me when he's dying from a cold. 
Simon - Two big proposals to get out this week that I need to immerse myself in. Got some great ideas for them 
Got to reboot my iMac just did a software update 
|Coda:702| [Mule] Got sword swings to work while on horseback  Need to make game design decisions now...
Got a day off today. But still woke up early. Plan to go enjoy coffee at starbucks soon. Casual life is my favorite 
Got one! Philips DC910 for half the price on their website! 
Bout 2 go to school. Got a field trip 2 a baseball game today. Fun 
Good morning! Gotta love Mondays! 
@the_mackem Got your message   XX
Star trek=awesome. Got Sasquatch tix, and the forcast this weekend is looking nice 
Liked &quot;Give it to your wife. it's her job  - http://bit.ly/krz43  (via...&quot; [pic] http://ff.im/-30aXI
Got my Aussie shampoo, conditioner, and Harry style miracle! Thanks @mumble_rosie 
Got the Job!  #tgame happy
Got Starbucks - again  i really should get some help   lol Michelle~JM09
Got to 2nd Prestige on Cod4 at the weekend  Don't think I'll be getting to 10th - I'd need to play for another 20 days solid.
Got Reiki 2 certified this weekend. Great class. Got about $100 in donations in the mail. Also got mystery butt bruise. Coincidence? 
@calisummer I won't stay too late today!! Gotta get home and make sure I get my Joey CDs... LOL!! Take Care!! (thanks for the reminder)! 
@I_am_10_ninjas Looking up Uncle Tupelo &amp; Jeff Tweedy. Got a feeling this is going to get expensive! 
bye the way...Got a NEW job, 
Got new Profile pic in my FB acct 
I only had two drinks last night and I feel hung over today...  Warrahell man....  Gotta be this GYM thing.... 
Got my sister's 5310 fixed for my own personal use -- just so I could win the bet I have with Martin that I won't buy a new phone soon 
Got to see little Ava tonight - she is adorable 
Early to bed, early to rise. Gotta get up for a little lake weekend with Fork 
Just got home. Got some of the best birthday gifts ever in the mail from Emily. Wow! 
Bedtime for me now  Gotta dream up some #FF magic for the morning! Sweet dreams to all x
Got my camera back from Canon Center // Clean Sensor at last 
is going back to Manila!  Gotta face problems. arrg. hate it.
Came back from a lunch at Civic Mac. Had EVM fillet upsize+McChicken share with sis. Got the blue cup.  Then walk abit at cwp.
Got seasons 1-3 of Skins. Marathon, yeah? 
Slow day. @work. Lots op people have the day off 2day, but nooo not me. Gotta defend the fortress here 
Crap day...my new &quot;Iphone&quot; is playing up already... missed my train.. Got stuck in the rain and now cracking open a bottle of Wild Turkey 
Got My Voice Back 
Gotta charge my batteries for Mount Vernon tonite.  It's a rare opportunity to be in there after dark...  #photog
Got back from an extremely terrible morning. Afternoon should make it better. 
Gotta love this song. A very toned down Pink!  ? http://blip.fm/~6t18m
@JulieBodart I'm going to have a nice quiet one with plenty of BBQs, gardening and sunning myself  Got much planned your end?
Got 30/05/09-07/06/09 booked off work! Ahhh..9 Days of glorious relaxation 
@Djalfy Shes lovely.  Where would we be without a pussy to stroke! ;-) LOL. Gotta go out, catch ya later Angie, byeeee! 
Fire alarm just went off!! Got to miss some of lesson!! WOOO!! 
Got my Starbucks n I'm on my way to Chicago!! Ready for a busy day of meetings!! Wish me luck!! 
Oh! Got some work experience for a week at a vets surgery in Richmond to see if I actually like it 
Almost all set for the weekend! Road Trip  I get to see my nephew who turns One today. Got presents, card, now need wrapping...hmmm ideas?
@LaurenCrace Hiya Lauren, how are you doing? Got any plans for your birthday this weekend? Hope you have a good one! Take care 
My gramps from Portland flies into DFW today. Gotta pick him up around 2:30ish. Hes flying down to visit with me for the weekend. 
Getting pumped up for the weekend! WOOHOO! Got a little &quot;Rock of Ages&quot; playlist ready to rock in my 'pod for my AM workout. 
Got a lot of painting done last night, but there's still lots more to do. Moving out is worth it though. 
Yay, My son Connor Got 4 Merits for his BETC Sport,  = 4 &quot;B&quot; grades  in GCSE
Got my new iPhone 3G today... Christmas for techies 
Got back from my interview, graduating from high school today, JACON this weekend, and Scott all three days. I love life! 
Gotta go tonight. Night, twitter-land! 
FINALLY finished prep-ing for tomorrow's audit. Got everything packed up for new Treasurer. Broke a nail-but it was for a good cause! 
Just put in my reatiners for the first time in about a year... OUCH!! Way overdue. Gotta get my smile back 
LOvin me and staying positive at all times. Gotta keep my eye on the prize....Jesus that is. 
Gotta Go do laundry, then bed.  Night everyone. **
Nose jobs and piercing your own belly buttons at fifteen. Gotta love stupid people. 
Got home and now I'm watching TV and hanging with the family. Excited for my day off tomorrow! 
Got my Sushi  
my favorite movie is on! You've Got Mail 
Trust me . . . jump off!  @Sweet_Minx: &quot;&quot;Someone call the doctor Got a case of a love disorder Stuck on a ro... ? http://blip.fm/~78opp
@andrewseely @mikeprasad Got a big campaign launching next week, going be a good employee.  Reconvene at Comic-Con perhaps?
Got the map for the upcoming 10K Run..  Waiting eagerly to hit the roads..
Got an invitation to my cousin's wedding in October!  Looks like America is asleep again. Sweet dreams everyone! I'm off to have dinner.
Gonna watch 'Glee' and the 'You've Got Mail' with @_Michelle_E .  &lt;3
Going to work now. Almost 11:30pm.  I love my graveyard shift.  Got Jamie Foxx's  CD today so have something new to listen to.   Nite all
I'm getting my iPhone back today  Gotta go pick it up very soon. Tweetie.
Got a direct message from Iron Chef 
Got Terminator tix for tonight 
Got an interest in poetry, then follow @biffgriff &amp; make sure to join his twibe  #FollowFriday #FF
Got signed up on Face Book then played a few matches of quake before off to bed! 
2nd day in Dhaka... Looks like its about to start raining. Got a SIM and should be online tonight 
Got to remember that I should go to the Perfoming Arts Centre by 6pm 
@Louis999 http://www.myetymology.com/english/deplane.html should answer that question.  Got the iPhone list yet??? 
Yayyy! Got HD  now just waiting for my other mark.. hurrry up hurrry up
What a lovely day for a train ride! Gotta go and see a client in Clacton.  #essex
