Most common words for this cluster:
[('got', 1001), ('ta', 121), ('today', 84), ('work', 51), ('headache', 38), ('http', 33), ('phone', 29), ('brainbone', 29), ('tomorrow', 28), ('question', 28), ('bit', 27), ('home', 21)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Got', 0.9999845623970032), (u'Want', 0.6449794769287109), (u'Have', 0.6117540597915649), (u'Gotten', 0.5921412110328674), (u'Need', 0.579614520072937), (u'Get', 0.5658934116363525), (u"Ain'ta", 0.5634213089942932), (u'Gettin', 0.5569225549697876), (u'Covered_Red_Carpet', 0.5458955764770508), (u'Forgot', 0.5447210669517517)]





Got a speeding ticket 
Got to do Spanish revision today 
Got to pause twilight now as nearly at work 
@LFTA Got me what again? I'm sorry I can't understand ur last tweet 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://apps.facebook.com/brainbone/stats/339?ref=tw
@CaptainSeeBass @SparkyMA girlfriend troubles. Got some serious thinking to do 
Got zoo much work to do it's not even funny 
Got a full day ahead of me. No time to tweet 
Got a toothache 
Got my baby's shots today. He flipped out. I wanted to cry 
Got work again now 
Got to marine world early and I'm already impatient in the line to park 
Gotta take Roxxie to the vet  or  we shall see
Got a tummy ache.. 
Gotta head out to pick up my sandal from the shoemaker! Not sure I want to venture out into the cold though 
Gotta go do some work now... 
Got bored  watching tv
Got nothing to do on sunday 
Got fried today at the swapmeet 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://tinyurl.com/dkd9bb
Got the viruses out of my PC, god what a hassle 
Got evicted from a public street 
Got my new keyboard and the y,u,i,o and win keys doesn't work  what a bummer 
@laurelexmachina I caaaaaant. Gotta paint! 
Got wendy's instead of taco bell 
I didn't win a free chocolate bar. Got a free sugar headache though 
Got about twenty torrents downloading as we speak... accidentally deleted all my music. 
Got ma coffee and my 3G is down for some reason 
Got a F in maths back  I hate maths ^^ okay... I got a german 5 and 6 is the worst (1-6) 10 of 31 points
I've Got Conjunctavitus 
Ugh!!! Got sick last night, tummys upset, freezing then sweating ...  not good.
Got tweetie, however have no time to use it 
@stevedangerous mneh. Got an auto-responder... not good news 
Gotta go to work. 
Got far too much work to do today 
@abbey_johnson Got an aching swollen foot..on crutches atm, not fun at all 
Got guitar hero cramps in my fingers. 
Crunchies are awesome! I only have one left now!  Got 80 bars for easter, finished them tonight!
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://tinyurl.com/crewx2
Off 2 bed... Gotta wake up early 
Gotta go off to work   
Got cold....and A long week ahead...working this may 9!! 
Got an eye infection 
Got zero books in the mail this week 
Got to cut the grass   http://twitpic.com/4egwz
Got to be a ballerina yesterday! And very sore because of it today 
Got back from they gym 
@xNitsuj LOLL they're so cuuuuttteeee. Got me thinking of bird flu LOL. I just left them 
@andrewpjohnson can't do it   Gotta work!
@kaitokamui I good! Got into a little trouble with the ladies before...  #pawpawty
Got too drunk and missed 90% of my last formals  time to party!!
Got hurt at work today 
Got distracted on here again! Off to savour the silence whilst it lasts and a nice cuppa.When I find my notepad that is 
Got headaches for 3 days now 
Gotta go to work yay 
Got some coffee.  It is awful.  
So so bored. Got hours to kill 
Got a bit of a headache! 
Gotta go to class now. 
Got picked and lost my wallet for the 3rd time.... 
Got a sink full of dishes to do before I can go play 
Got absolutely Kasteeled last night. Now I have the hangover suited to such an event....owwwww 
Got a cold 
Got shot twice yesterday and it huts like hell 
Got a little headache 
Gotta read of mice and men 
Got a cold 
Just done paperround and 8o'clock alarm went off just as i'd finished. Got soaked as well 
Got to get the train really cannot be bothered  still really tired
Got a friggen headache 
I am sooo out of practice for writing episode tags! Got a feeling this is seriously going to suck. 
Going home. Got no gas. 
Got cystitis again! 
Got my phone stolen/lost 
Got ma 1st tattoo tadae took iyt like a g lol i  cant believe my best tried to scare me how mean 
Got severe head ache 
@mattyza nope, @tessneale will be there though! Got far too much work to do 
Got a lot on mah mind 
Got to have my tonsils out, hope i can sing afterwards 
Got tonsilitus!!!! 
Got may puppy back, she is almost bald 
Just finished worship practice.  Got a big tribal meeting tomorrow, not happy about that 
Got kicked out of the hilton earlier - noise complaints 
Got mohair &amp; pattern out for new bear. Must get busy to replenish bank account depleted by root canal 
Gotta do my own beer run 
Got hook on lotr: return of the king on TV, yhat leave me 4 hours to sleep 
Got a cold! hope its not swine flue 
Got to do R.S project but really cant be bothered 
What a day!!!   Got a new computer and all my passwords are messed up  
Got a bad headache  xoxo
Hip parade was awesome last night. Got to study now though  x
Gotta go to church @ 12...  LAST MASS!!!!!!! Except wednesday....
Got up early to go hiking... and everyone punks out on me. 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/FpSgX
Got a right headache 
Got sausage links instead of sausage patties 
Got ready, drove to the gym and it's closed.   They're on summer hours.  I don't know if I want to go out walking, though.  Blerg.
Got a new little project ongoing, but the continual hurdles webhosting provides is proving tiresome. 
Got german aural today... Not looking forward to it!!! 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/GGRyx
Gotta be up in 4 hours, not sleepy at all. 
@Sorrellk I feel shit. Got a bad sore throat  x x
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/GGRyx
Got a bad headache. 
@chevalier_noir Got load of stuff needing done .... can't be arsed - seriously 
Got made redundant today..... all the more reason why I hate Mondays 
Got my maths exam in less than an hour. 
Got a chicken salad #chamlunch which is pretty tasty, but my wooden fork just snapped 
Got a storming headache, and didn't even have any wine yesterday 
Got tonsillitis again. 
@LAGraphixGirl my football team... Got smashed... 
Man, I was an idiot. Got up at 5:30 to day when I didn't need to be conscious for another 5 hours. 
Got sum bad news today but pushing through it 
Got sunburn from walking in the rain yesterday. wtf. 
Got the graphics card, works great. But now I need a new cpu 
Gotta go to work 
We been invited to captains party tonight. Got to wear a tux however  what a parlavour
Got into the office early for a change only to find the coffee machine is broken 
Got into work 40 minutes early dam 
Ahhh Got tennis in about a hour but my arms hurt soooooooo much 
Got into my office and I am the only one here from my team  an un-scheduled holiday??
Got up to take the dogs out and now I can't go back to sleep 
Got up early to talk to my boy but looks like I missed him 
Has finished her exams for this week!! Got loads more after 1/2 term though 
Ugh. Gotta take my tablets! 
@josianna It happens! I have already done 3 loads of washing which is now out in the garden drying off! Got to hoover etc now! 
Got dscntd missed the part a long 
@inanutshellus I placed, but didn't win. Got ambitious on  a few hands I shouldn't have.  But I did make money on the tourney, which rocks
Got a bad back ache and feeling sick 
Got my A in chem yay!!  I really don't want to get ready for work now 
Gotta go to work soon 
Got up early tfor the gym, and I don't think I'll be going. I feel horrible 
Got to go to school doesnt that just suck 
Got bitten by fireants.   
Got ice cream on my phone 
Got a choir concert performance tomorrow 
Got in a horrible car accident last weekend 
Got the new phone and am not quite sure I like it. It's not just the same and nowhere near as nice as the W580i that I had. *sigh* 
Got the new phone and am not quite sure I like it. It's just not the same and nowhere near as nice as the W580i that I had. *sigh* 
Got the news 
Gotta go back out there. 
Got back and putting in the laundry. We got in there last  o well as long as its clean. #DSAA09
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/11dd2T
Gotta sleep, and then off to work 
Got a day of painting 
Got about 2 hours sleep. 
Got three shots today.   I can't lift my arms...
ooooh.... I have a headache.  Got to go to work now 
Got the sniffles   I SO don't want to get sick - I don't need this.
@chamillionaire Wish I could go. Gotta work. 
Got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when its dry I'll do the work tops 
Got my new phone - now to program everything since my old one had no memory card like this one 
Got a right bad headache 
Got 2 get ready 4 work  would rather be fishing!
@sirhova its been clownin since it got flooded in htown in april. Got it repaired or so I thought. 
@ebay_andy Got it, thanks! I mean really, how rude.   
Gotta work.  Lonely weekend ahead. 
Got a bad headache 
Got let go today  
Got my report card back- I was at 88 for my average and i went down to 82  now I have to kick it up a notch!!!
Got rocks. And found my car got birdied this evening. 
Got stuck in a traffic jam today, i now have one sunburned arm 
Got two shows of @omnitechnews I have too edit now 
Got a toothache 
Got back from the hospital yesterday. I'm so sick. 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/11dd2T
Got nothing to wear for tonight's event! 
Got a piercing instead of a tat 
Iiiiiiii meant to get cucumber for magic cucumber water. iFail.  Got orange chicken, though.
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/p1iiR
@pallaviade lucky you.. Got to sleep till so late.. I had to get up at 5 
Watching E.T., getting ready for bed. Gotta open tomorrow 
Got my laptop back but already used up all the broadband 
@tristanshout Got woken up by my neice!  But I usually wake up really early anyway, not very good at sleeping
Finally off! Gotta be back at 10 am 
@dansturm i guess i didn't realize that the twitter could sound worse than it was. Got some concerned texts 
Got to get two new tyres on the car  #fb
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/p1iiR
Got a nose bleed 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/p1iiR
Got a sore throat 
Alive @ 25... Gotta be here for the next 4 hours. 
Got to do work 
Gotta go to work  byeeee for now!
Got to go clean now, knowing it will be messed up again by tomorrow. 
Got upgraded to first class!!! Too bad I can't drink 
Got into a fight with this guy on the forum. I swear they all hate me on there. The only person that defended me deserted me. I miss him 
Gotta go cut the grass. I don't feel like it but I have too! 
Got off work early. 
@Katiee @merysjones Got me all disappointed now 
Got sunburnt at the beach. Now I look like a lobster cooking accident 
Got a tattoo touched up yesterday.  another 2 weeks of healing.  
Got a massive bruise on my calf 
Got back from a quick run, sadly no sun, 
Got a few friends requests on TheSims3.com, i hate those emails really annoying 
@iJohnHenry I'm hanging out at the apartment. Gotta go back  eventually. 
Just got back from pet mart. Got musik shots he hella cried when they gave him the chip 
Got cheated out of a much anticipated bike ride by a series of unfortunate events. 
So. This is the time where I put: Yay. Got the tickets. But did I?? No! 
Got two bagels for me and two for @ilona but I ate all four of them 
Got no sleep. about to fall asleep on the road 
Got real bad sunburn  anyone no anything to help ? X
Got at home then not really sleepy now  damn it!
Got slightly burned at the fair.. I thought it would be overcast. 
Kinds glad my plans have fallen through so far today. Got a sudden bad tummy ache 
Got the blasted hiccups now 
Got such a bad migraine 
Got sunburnt..proper hurts  But at least i beat amy at badmington (Y)
Got to walk 2 miles home now 
Got to love yahoo..they are getting rid of 360...I loved that blog site  w/e
Got too excited about craving milk.  curled up on couch
This light novel translation is just begging to be rewritten, but I don't have time.   Got to get back to the comic.
&quot;We're not swingers. Got any condoms?&quot; 
Got sunburned... 
Got at $230 ticket yesterday 
No swimming. Got cancelled.  feh...
Ouchie! Got my tooth pulled today and I have a dry socket  *cry*
Gotta go back and study for my astronomy test.. YAY!!  
I am so shaken up!! Got smacked in the face by gay bashers!!!  not a happy bunny!!
Got drunk tonight!!! Some party though....I was all alone 
Got all ready to go out but had to cancel. stupid headache wouldn't go away...  http://short.to/cp3j
Got made an example of and I liked it!!! I tried to get a security guard to frisk me. He was interested but the chick had to do it. 
Got to do housework later  The weather is so fucking hot lah.
@TheDarrenxshow Got cut off for me moving flat next week 
Got to love living in a flat in weather like this ... 
Got nothing today  all items really not in my budget.
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/CKqOh
@ourman boo.    Got those sausages and fags...shall I pop round with them? 
Got a seat all to myself again, too hot and sticky though, i need to get off this bus soon! 
Got the shop's air con on at 17degrees and i'm still dying of the heat 
Got  two exams 2moz 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/CKqOh
Tired as balls. Got called into work. 
Got stomachache 
Got mauled by ants in my sleep 
My brother is in the hospital. Got to go and visit him. 
Got his feelings hurt 
Got a bump and cut on my head 
Got sick from the heat yesterday 
Got the TV on in time (Y) Aww the doggy keeps sneezyingg 
Got 4 pages done yesterday...none today.  
@CandyMaize those who don't vote are Fuglies  LOL Gotta run. Really late now and i havent got shoes on yet! 
I think I've got indigestion. Got an awful stomach ache 
Got the flu and a bad Greepe ... bas timing as usual 
Gotta hit the hay now.  Sucks. :&lt;
Got to meet the people who made my adoption possible today. I was too nervous to ask them details, though. 
Got phone up to twitter, just need to get a new phone so I can update 
Loving the weather! Got sunburned tho! 
Got cool whip on my bed 
Got a headache that wont go away 
Got no 1 to talk to 
Gotta go to work 
Gotta be the juror for this week  not looking forward to it so scared
Got to the train station and it feels almost like I was never away. 
Got heartburn so bad I can't sleep. 
Got an exam soon 
@yeracnahbois Lols yeah  oh well, Ive got enough for now. Got way too much. spent more money then necessary :S
Gotta think bout this one!  for sure
Got two wrong on my exam  oh well, still a B!
Got the swein flue or something... feeling so sick. not going to casting. stayin in bed 
Got to go hospital at 300pm  have dye injected into me then a x ray :S
Got a severe headache.... Ah my head is exploading.... 
Got heaps to do today  got to start revision, contracts, packing all my life into boxes etc, helllllp
Got up late for work  hit the wrong button on the alarm
Got my salary today and after paying the bills, there's nothing left       How sad is that
Got maths n tech dis afternooon, stupid mrs faux 
@alitre I need some of that! Got to me up at 4am 
Got to get ready for school pretty soon here 
Got some chance to tweet around...my comp still down...  What up peepz?
Got some chance to tweet around...my comp still down...  What up peepz?
Gotta say, I am not loving the new blockbuster system. Now, they don't send me the next one from my queue 'til I return my in-store. 
Got new shoes! But they kind of hurt my feet right now  #fb
I hate not having a computer!!! Got it's so fucking annoying. I miss the youtubes 
Got wayy to much sun yesterday. Now I am at home sick 
I did not sleep at all, stinken cough! Gotta rally for later today- universal studios! Wish I wasn't sick 
Got a headache!! 
I'm not feeling well today. Got a cold. 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/E9PjL
Got a shot.    At least i get some muscle relaxers.
Gotta have a C-section.  http://myloc.me/2izn
Got the kids down for a nap and just waiting to hear from hubby.  So sick of this war 
Got rained out 
Got dressed for nothing! No one wants to hang out with me today 
I am bord of revising why do we have to do silly exams  Got 1 2morro as well
Got to sleep.....early start tomorrow 
Got sunburnt knees 
Got 2 go 2 a wake. 
Got cheese under my nail 
Gotta do some laundry tonight.  
Got a temp phone! I miss my little baby propel 
Got the truck back. It was a wheel bearing as I originally suspected. The new F150s require a new rotor when replacing the bearing 
Got that wrong #HaloODST 
Why has the sciatic discomfort chosen to return just as I'm about to try and get to bed? Got to be up at 8.45am!! 
Ugh, flunked the online quiz. Got 45 
@pinkzohot me too! I can't go! Gotta work. 
Got about 5 hours sleep... Not good  wish i was not an insomniac!
Got my first speeding ticket 
Home..in bed... Gotta wake early! 
Got a middle seat. How did I deserve this? 
Goodmorning! Gotta go to school today 
Got up in the middle of night, now I can't go back to sleep 
@Naxos Now my eyes are hurting  Got to rest, darkness, pits, dungeon etc.
@sophiestication That AppGuide link didn't seem to be working  Got a 404 not found.
@Myuze Got one too  
Got my hair cut this mornin and i'm not quite sure what to make of it, maybe it will grow on me... i hope 
Got to shower and go to work. I want to hang out in the sun 
Got so much work to do     hopefully the sun will be out when i'm finished 
@BlackestRayne me too. Gotta make money while I can though 
Got sunburned yesterday, still hurts. So no sun for me today 
Got a sore throat.    I'm hoping this just passes by.
Got lab to day 
Got a headache 
Got up feeling so  much better now headed to work. 
Got the magazine with my article in - so awesome! But they chopped out a few important bits to make it fit  xo
@davidrules04 someone looks happy haha. i`m jealous. Got my diet coke and a design problem 
Got my phone takennn, i miss jimmie.  so much
Got me crowns but ouch too getting the temporary ones off, want tea and sympathy well would prefer choc but I can't bite 
@YoungQ Got to rub it in ? missed it 
Got the phone working now I just need to get all my contacts...again.  
Gotta get to work soon...tired 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/HNCiS
Got damn!! I go to sleep for 30 mins and I miss all the action with @LesleyER 
Got the biggest, itchiest bite on my right shoulder blade, can't reach 2 stratch it 
@SpikedEffect i drink so much of the stuff that my skin is getting screwed up. Got to quit it for just a few days 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/HNCiS
Got woken up by thunder must go back to bed 
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/HNCiS
Got one of those eye-strain headaches  maybe i need some caffeine
Got 2 pairs of earrings and a bracelet done so far - still no postman 
Looks like I'm going to have to have surgery later today. Got appendicitis! 
Got a bad headache this morning.  
Got another long day of work ahead 
I feel so sick! Got the  the shakes this morning 
Got up early to continue working on the presentation 
Got too much salt in my minestrone 
Got a lovely dm from a random person telling me how great I am... It was intended for @DaveJMatthews 
Gotta leave twitted land for now have to get ready for stupid school..... 
Gotta clean my house 
Got a fever, fuuuck 
Got a whole bunch of new hardware/software. But I still have to study for classes 
@MythosEngineer you got it!!! Got a feeling it'll be late home too 
Got to school too soon the ten min bell hasn't even rang 
@jquesmith I'm headed there in about 20 mins! Got an hour and a half to put in  this is hard but it's a must!
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/HNCiS
Got a nightmare about the exams tonight 
Got to pack my stufff, cba haha 
Gotta fly...back to work  xx
Got really bad tummy ache 
Got braces put in the top of my mouth the botton will be put in later. Not fun. 
Got my eyebrows done today.  The lady was not kind to me. It still smarts hours  later. 
Gotta keep it gangster while my boo is gone, I'm breaking down here 
Got cussed out by one of my bosses this morning 
@gruber please don't say stuff like that! Got another year to go with mine 
Got the wii set up...I really need some games to play 
Got Tonsolightous 
Got all the gear packed up for the Skelligs tomorrow although I'm convinced it'll be called off 
Got a new phone. But all my pictures are gone 
Got a sore throat 
Got nobody to text on this long drive to houston, how sad 
Got a bad cravin for some smothered oxtails 
Got my ass kicked today -- literally 
Got to make sure the hubby is well-nourished and taken care of since I will be leaving him at home 
@FKi88 LOL it b like that sometimes... Gotta sacrifice 
Got to order after one hour of waiting. No food yet 
Got kicked out before meeting anyone 
long night at work, bed, then work in the a.m.  Got a new phone finally, need numbers!
Got hit on 95 and my car is totalled   pooned for life ...seriously only fucking me
Just finished inputting final grades... Got a huge amount of sadness suddenly... I have no job again.... 
Got merked  by @ajmanalo
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/13fSrY
Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/13fSrY
Got to work today 
Got used to the got weather and now its chucking it down 
Got sick today.  That's why I didnt update any tweets earlier.
Got 2 go more dump runs 
Hummph..  didn't win anything at khelo jeeto jiyo... Got eliminated in buzzer round
this is not the restfulll saturday I was hoping for. Got only 30 minutes to read. 
Gotta get ready to go to work. 
ok, so bored. Got nothing else to say. still ill 
@mrsellars  too bad.  It really is great for chronic problems like migraines and back pain.  Got rid of 25 years of pain for me.
@jonscovergirl I KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Gotta clean the house first though.   I'd rather be getting ready to go!
Got told off by security at the @WesleyCarr concert 
Got my lightening bolt charm for my bracelet. Only makes me miss them more 
Gotta shoot today, but it's cloudy! 
I'm dying for some toast with peanut butter. Got neither. 
Gotta have stronger glasses 
Tweeps - what's the maximum hourly rate? Got locked out yesterday 
Got a headache 
Got done canoeing and lost my new sunglasses andrew got me for my bday 
Got back from shopping. im superrr tired. and about to have ice creaammm and then do school work. ughhh i really need to get it finished 
Gotta work again 
Gotta knock this laundry out 
Got a new phone but now ha to go to work pretty soon 
Got the wrong comicon   ;(
Got a story rejection 
I've eaten so much and am still really hungry.  Got nothing in the house either 
Got to wake up at 7:30 tomorrow to head off to an archery tournament. 
Got a headache from the marker pen fumes 
Got rained out of my senior shoot. 
Gotta go to the store.......ugh I hate grocery shopping 
Got 210$, still 560 away from my guitar though 
Little hungover.. Gotta go to rehearsals 
Gotta love that summer cold... my head and throat are killing me!!! 
Got a scale and I weigh 48 kgs.. I don't know what that is in pounds but I was originally 46  am I fat now
Got stood up  lol @bereccat
@cutie_vee: Got some recommendations? I fail at eyelinering, it's so embarassing when I can't do basic make up for models on my shoots 
Got sucked into going to walmart and now we are at ihop going to be tired tomorrow for church 
Got super glue all over my hands 
Got my subwayyyyyy! I still want my yogurt 
Got to go to work at 11, don't mind though, nervous about exam tomorrow, don't feel like i know it enough  x
Got a bad haircut 
ugh. Got woken up by the stupid thunder storm!!! 
Got a headache peoples 
Got terrible headache 
Got my guitar .. I got the small one, i wanted the big one  k now i have my tuner how do you tune a guitar with a tuner? o___o
Got a whole load of studing to do today  fun much !
Got a cold shower 
Got cold again 
@DontEverThink Ah... Got a way to download it? 
Got to cut the lawn 
Just woke up and showered. Gotta getbready for church now 
Got a good sleep but now I need to finish up my school work 
Got a hectic sore throat, so going to be working from home today 
@MaxiMuzzlewhite Got so much of it to do though. Its not just ideal client, its everything that goes with growing  
Gotta get ready to go to work. 
@Gawge Got around 200 shards to find 
performing tonight!!! Got to do some studying now though! 
@tunatallulah thanks for the offer. Got home before seeing it though 
Oh no  Got to go to songsters soon and it's gone very dark, looks like we're about to get our share of the rain - typical!
Got and egg on my head. Hurts 
Gotta wait 50 mims for it to bake 
Got caught in the rain cutting lawns!  http://yfrog.com/42hk0j
Got a blister from trying to unscrew an overtightened hose  I need tools. http://tinyurl.com/r4nwzk
Got soakeddd at triathlon today 
Tits.  We didn't win the lottery.  Gotta go to work tomoz 
Got a nice house warming gift of a 'friends' multi photo frame...not enough friends to fill the pic slots though! 
Got 2 finish article so I cn zzz 
Got to wait till 10  Its taking forever!
Got off the toilet and started walking and almost broke my neck.....foot fell asleep on me 
Got a bad back 
Got twitter.  I promised myself i wouldn't... hehe.
Gotta go change my charm out  I hate my workmates
didn't get my nap again! Got too interested in research...my mind would not relax 
Got french listening and maths exam tomorrow  x
Got a new phone.. Really lame. 
Gotta wash the dishes 
Just gettin ready for bed, Got skwl in the mornin 
Got alittle burn 
Got sunburn on the back of my neck 
Got sunburned, despite sunscreen and precautions 
Just over four hours sleep - not feeling great.  Got to sort out a mortgage and a solicitor today 
Got to work early today, the only trouble with being punctual is there's nobody there to appreciate it 
Got to snap out of this 
Got up early just to fail in a differential analysis written test... 
Got lots to do today..  may have to posepone my trip to bahraaain!
@PinkPickles may have to be tomorrow.  Got tied up tonight.  
Got home from school. I'm so exhausted. 
Got work soon 
Got that metal taste in my mouth again!  What does it mean?!!!  
Got to the office early only to find I'm the first one here &amp; the door is locked 
@toddbeltz is it good? Got stuck with some work at the office unfortunately 
Got to enjoy when one department doesn't know what the other departments are doing in a company. 
Got a bad headache. 
Gotta go to dr for lab work..  .. be back later.
Got to work late and am now soooo behind 
Got straight ditched last night 
Got a hectic sore throat, so going to be working from home today 
Got water in my ear 
Got a new goal for the week, no junk food! 
Got a sore throat. Just took an antibotic and i accidently swalled a sore throat lonzenge. 
Got caught in the rain! AHH! I got soaked 
Gotta go back to the phone 
Got my new kite! Too bad there's no wind today. 
Got to go out in the rain 
Got to find a new hair place, mine was shut down. 
Got on .com illegally from work and no blog from @donniewahlberg 
Got an eye infection 
Gotta go !  hate this part just cause i love twitter 
Got news today that a offer on a appartment didn't go through 
Got one killer of a headache and now I need to just print a document off with details for my new employer and printers crashed. Not good 
Got a headache... 
Got a headache... &amp; ... sore throat ... 
Got my frst speeding ticket 
Got a headache!!! 
Got cut early cause i'm sick 
Got my bent Boomers card replaced but my history didn't transfer over. 
So I didn't get the job I wanted  Got some other leads.For a very reasonable price you can hire me to inspire greatness in you!I'm a muse!
Got my first mosquito bite of the summer. 
@ErikJHeels  lol...I am for a bit!   Got to go to work tonight. 
Got stood up 
Got hit in the head with a ball at practice and now i have a head ache 
Got be at work early in the morn...ugh 
Going to bed. I am not feeling well today. Got a fever. 
Got arrested on sims 
Got home from anatomy not to long ago and now i must study 
Got colds!!! that is bad.. i skipped school so i am in the den of slack! 
Got to do loads of homework =[  Mommmy...........!!! 
Got woken up early by my dog... 
Got dangit regina did you send horny hottie my way  that's just evil
Got a sore throat 
Got tons of work left to do 
Got news bout my pay revision......now m sad why we went on a strike to get this earlier 
Disappointed ! Got put in wrong place on tweeterwall ! 
Got stuck in the rain. 
Got to go down the bank and move some money about and then to find the best place to give me more euros. Only just woke up too 
@DWslipsnhipsgrl Got a laugh!!!!  But still says no.  
Got in the here too early.. Waiting in the car before work.. 
Got an ear ache! 
Gotta put the kitty down today. Not good. 
Got a little morning sickness going on  nausea
Got woken up at 4.45 this morning and i'm starting to feel tired 
My kid brother just fell off a tree, in the hospital now  Got no news.
At home, relaxing! Got lots of laundry to do though... 
@LLElleLL don't have one at home (duhburger)   Got a bed :p
Got picked for a civil jury.   eating subway before opening statements
Got stuck with an issue 
went to doc. Got 102 deg F temp. 
Got blood tests tomorrow. It feels unreal like how can I be sick? But the symptoms match up 
Got a stomach bug  This sucks.
Got hiccups 
is feeling weak. Got to hit the bed. and oh, I'm hunger  http://plurk.com/p/11fqti
Gotta love phagocytosis  why can't all exams be on genetics
Got work 2morro. . .  
Got gum on my shoe 
@AndyBud so have I - how sad are we. Got the technique down with the kids now. I have a feeling it's going to hurt tomorrow though 
Got an appointment at the optometrist today again. To test me for glycoma 
Got a headache   and sore thoart 
Got to keep typing but can't keep my eyes open. It hurts 
Got pulled all over the place by the dogs today  not very fun....
Got a fever, and this ain't the disco kind 
Gotta go to work 
Just lost   Got third place. One place off from getting my money back!
@xoxoBear hmmm wtf? Got right? I hate when u keep secrets!! 
Got free txt msgs but no one to txt 
Got to take raiden to get his injection  so horrible then fathers day shopping!
Got within ~100 feet of my apartment and rained on at the last moment. 
Got soap in my eye and i cant get it out 
Got up at 6 to install 3.0 ..... And u can't install it yet  not happy and to make matters worse there is a downpore outside!
Got 1/4 of the way home &amp; had to turn around because I missed my dog too much. I know that's pathetic but I got really emotional about it 
Off to school. Got another chemistry test today!  have not revised!
Got some nice sales this morning... But still behind on monthly target 
Got my spanish visa, YAY! I hope i dont have to wear a face mask in the airports. 
Got a doctors appointment tomorrow.  Not fun.
Got tired after long journey... 
Got into work late! that means i have to stay late!! eeerrrrhhhh! 
Got woken up by his mother at 10:15 moaning about how I get up late, now i could of easily got up at 12 today if she hadn't woken me 
Got my results. I need bnj cookie dough now.  - http://tweet.sg
Got an exam today 
Got a driving lesson in less than an hour and the gym at 4..and still not feeling 100%  
@krailton I know, I didn't dress for rain  Got flip flops on
Got to go and run, looks like i am going to get soaked. 
Got to stay in college till 3 today 
Got up early to sit on my aunts couch with nothing to do .. 
Got a cold sore  yuck.
Finally off work. Got a headache. 
Got my credit now. Now got to go back to college. 
Got up to pee now I can't go back to sleep 
Got the mumps.. Not good! 
Got a head ache  and bored
Got up at 7 to take my moms car to get fixed 
Got hayfever today! 
Got no car. 
Just woke back up. Gotta go to att and beg for a new phone 
Got weird emotions going thru me!!! 
Got to go to the doctor this afternoon. Not looking forward to it. 
Got the new iPhone software....yessssss! Now I just need the new phone since mine can't send pictures 
Got a sore back  ! but still going out loves love loves
Got the 3.0 firmware without any problems. Although I can't now sync my mail/calendar 
Got a headache. No painting today 
Got to wait 2 weeks to until I can update. To 3.0 going away for work 
@jakestir  Got it downloaded, but it won't install due to &quot;activation server temporarily unavailable.&quot; 
Going to bed  Got school tomorrow   Only 7 days of school left!!!
Got my diploma in the mail yesterday... it's not half as pretty or exciting as I had imagined 
Got a busy signal after it was ringing 
My skin is on fire yo!  I Got sunburned... I'm a lobster. That is not good...
Got to swim today. The deerflies kept trying to eat us. 
Got to skate most of practice except bump bump goose 
Got half of the burrito in. no room for the other half. 
Got my first search engine hit on the site, but the search term was www.billson.com 
Craptacular... Got straight B's for the first time ever 
Just got home and it is almost bedtime already.. Got to get up early tomorrow. 
Got a little too much sun today 
Got a meeting with the boss at 11am..... 
I can't sleep! Got to go to class at 8 am and I am still up. 
Is up to my neck in stupid theatre work  Got a B+ on my exam though 
Got that horrible feeling at the back of throat, like I got a cold coming.  Not good. 
Got an 85 on my final, I'm going to miss forensics 
Got dentist later today for a filling, 
Got my haircut todayyyy. Not too sure if I like it 
Got to go to maths revision  I hate early mornings
Got to go to school.  Does anyone actually like school?
Got tired of waiting  I'm going to (try) bed
Got woke up by horrific heartburn...and I can't fall back asleep 
Got the sniffles  boohoo!
Got a bad headache yesterday afternoon.  It's still hanging on. 
Got my equipment, heading downtown to my shoot... In the rain 
is not looking forward to this afternoon - Got to reconcile last months expenses 
Got a sore back out of thin air 
Is chillin with amanda. Got the worst cold  cinema soon!
Got noting to do until haircut at 1.45 
Eating fried curry rice while thinking about school. Got to work in 15min... 
Got up early so I could change the oil in my camaro, but it looks like its going to rain 
Got the update but now am not seeing all incoming tweets 
Gotta go back to work in 10 minutes... 
Got up and realized all that rain last night wasn't just a bad dream. 
Got stung by a bee today. 
Got a bad sunburn. I am going to drench myself in sun-screen from now on! 
Gotta work again, I guess 
Got nothing to do  I'm off now!
Got caught and raped for it 
Got a cough 
Got t do the dishwasher now 
Is laying on the couch. Got my wisdom teeth out yesterday. 
Got yelled at about how worthless she was until she almost killed herself, and is now extremely sick 10 hours before graduation 
Got braces 
Got a toothache 
Got my hair cut  s'all short
Got the new iPhone 3.0 update. Now waiting on the jailbreak 
Got my bangs trimmed last night. They're too short and look ridiculous 
Got hot glue on my heel... 
Got 3.0 installed, although it took a complete wipe and restore. But apparently installed apps are not saved in the backup 
Got a new phone. I am sad i lost all my ringtones 
Got caught in the rain waiting for a cab...in my awesome new gladiators too 
Gotta clean my room 
Got stranded with @marieclbrt. I was jerkin. They left 
Got my food handler's license! But still no job... 
Ugh... one of the functions in my program is wrong.    Got to try and fix it.  *sob*
Gotta go back to work after 5 days off. 
@CafeMetro Got this too late.   What happened?!
@Cremedelacart Got stuck at work late 
Got too much to do 
Going to bed!  Gotta be up at 530. 
Got an itchy throat it really annoys me cos I can't stop myself eating sweets and this pie is my last option  http://mypict.me/4oJx
Got so much accomplished today, and I have so little to show for it. 
Fnsh 2 chptrs. Got anthr 10 chptrs 2 go 
I'm bored,, Got nothing to do,. 
Got wings n things are catching up    damn it
Gotta be up in a few hours and can't sleep 
I'm going to bed now. Gotta be up in 5 hours. 
Got woken up in the middle of the best dream in ages...  I'm NOT AMUSED!
Got our first journal back, but it wasn't as full as I had expected. 
Got internal and external stitches and its killing me! 
Got up &amp; my throat is on fire 
Got played again...stupidy stupidy stupid!! why did I think he would ever changed 
Got a meeting this morning, so instead of going to an o2 store I'm going to be sat in an office 
Got rid of my old G4 
@adamrowley No idea. Got the missus at home waiting for it 
monumental dissapointment, tried 3 stores no iPhone. Got shouted at by the old bill for my troubles 
Gotta start getting ready now. I don't wna leave my bed!! 
Be back lata! Got work 2 do  http://myloc.me/4suz
I'll tweet more in a bit! Got to go away from the web!  lol
Gotta go to work in an hour  
Got a shot 
Got a massive headache pff 
Got lots to do ... and no motivation to do it. 
Got ditched by my own husband 
Got a big day ahead. Coming down with a sickness. 
Got results today. More studying tomorrow 
Just woke up, Gotta clean the house before i get ready and leave 
Dammit - I was supposed to be napping.  Got waaay too distracted.
Euugggh! Got a cubs camp this weekend! 
its friday almost done for the day! Got paid yay! Gotta save ! 
I am hella depressed now. Got my other watch I was expecting. It is too small.  can't send it back. http://twitpic.com/7ulsb
Got a really bad headache 
Gotta love the 91 traffic! 
Got called in to the hospital 
Got my account back, gbank stuff has been returned, now just waiting for all my gear and gold. 
Got my phone! But i got no numbers.  text me guys!
So they missed their connecting flight. Got to love waiting at the airport for two hours. 
Got a nice, strong cold just in time for the weekend. 
Got a tennis racquet but the grip was too big  I want to play now!
Got headache 
Got a new scratch in my iPhone  #squarespace
Gotta be at work for 6 
Got that new iPhone 3g S for the people that don't know u can't mms message yet  but the video camera is awesome !
Got off wOrk my baby was gone 
I am just about to head to bed! Got work tomorrow. 
Got sunburned todaaaaay  ohh well now I'm gonna be taaannn!
Got so much pictures to upload and still have to clean up the mess in my room and pack  
Got my ass beat in scene it 
@coy0te looks a mess. Got viewings 
Got cricket this morning. I'm so tired and I've got a bad sore throat 
Got cricket today, bad weather  cloudy and cold + early
Got the weekend without @sexybexy24 
Got up early to go shopping, not even going now  back to bed and listenin to music. What to do today?
Got the cold 
Got dat look on my face when i want wut i want. 
So it's probably an infection. Got some drops for the discomfort but may get worse before it gets better. 
Got a really bad stomach ache 
Got very little sleep.  This is going to be a long day.
Got to love mornins wen u wake up and dnt know where u are... 
Got my broken camera already.. Now I have to find a store that could fix it.. 
Gotta work now 
Got this really nice dress and a nice top n this other dress was 2 big was still really nice n they didnt av it in a smaller size 
@ mvizdos Thanks for the training. Got back to find out that we only completed 1 story this iter. And corporate is coming to our review. 
Got to do so much revision 
Got stung by a wasp. That was fun. 
Got another headache. These have been coming too often and it's kinda scaring me 
Got lots of sleep but I'm still tired. 
Gotta go to work at 3 
Just worked 11 - 5. Got 8 - 12 later 
Got a headache  I hate headaches, they ache?!
Got green light for beekeeping from @existentialgard , now i we can just afford 'em. Brit black bees are not available 
Got called into work.  
Got a massive migraine, and my muscles and bones ache 
The Days not looking too bright. Got family in the hospital 
Ugh. Got sick at work due to heat and my chemo. 
Got my wisdom teeth pulled outttt.   ouchh.
Got my nose pierced, what a painfull 2 minutes 
Got rained out  this sucks!
Got a manicure. It wasn't all that i thought it was. 
Got hit in the face with a cricket ball yesterday  i dont think i have EVER been in so much pain! im surprised my nose wasnt broken :L
Got my phone! Not new. 
Got to the movie late and now i'm sitting in the front row  i'm going to have terrible neck pain.
Got sunburt at the athletica game today 
Got my phone working again! boyfriend went to the mountains 
Got the icee I wanted. I always get what I want. 
Got in trouble at woqk 
Got called in for an 8 hour closing shift 
Got hurt in the pool 
Got to talk to my love today. He got his phoneline fixed, but still no net. 
Got a pimple on my lip?! 
Got a bad tummy ache 
I wish i could go to the @coolworks   meetup   Ironically, it is because of @coolworks that I can't go.  Gotta work. #cwmeetup09
Gotta go to work 
@beautymoogle thank u!  Gotta go back to flushing tomorrow. 
Got my review done and sent off, now I have to study but I dont feel like it 
Got burnt swimming today 
Got a tummy ache .. 
Got vegas clothes but wow, the most important item, a speedo, was not in sight.... 
Got an intense burn from her hair straightener  http://twitpic.com/7zbpj
Got a viewing to go to tomorrow. 
Got a headache, can't sleep 
Got too drunk last night, my memory is missing and so is my phone 
can't fall asleep. Gotta be up in 4 hours 
Got up late and am so not ready for work 
Got a fight with my bestfriends, really sad, i feel so alone now 
Got lots of work to do... 
Got woken up by drunks...... Now can't sleep. I hate this!!! 
Gotta go now. I still need to do my homeworks 
is in bedddd. Gotta be ready by 7.30 tomorrow 
Gotta go out today when I want to just sleep in. 
Gotta do some work now... 
Gotta go back to work today 
I'm a sucker for stickers. Got cheated again  lousy stickers!! &gt;:/
Got that pre-flu scratchy throat feeling 
Got the van back.  It's running great.  I can't wait to see the bill 
Got to talk to my dad! But now i have to get prepared for tonight 
Got the post holiday blues. 
Got a cold  Making us a Modepass account. Who's on Modepass??
Got a big slap in the face... literally 
Gotta do all the chores on my own now- cooking,washing,ironing... and i hate it 
Got lots of meds to take  
Finally got my stupid english book ugh. Got my window fixed too. But it looks retarded because its not tinted  poor baby
Got new clothes. Have to work for band tomorrow, not getting paid. 
Got a free drink down the pub but is now rather burnt 
Enduring pain.  Got a headache, which sucks since I have to study later.  
Just passed the GAIQ test. Got 96%. But no badge 
Got stung by a yellow jacket 
Gotta stop pigging out, stoopid pms 
Still got a toothache.  Got cheerleading tomorrow! Yay
Got a haircut...kinda regrets it now 
@lipserviceradio  though I think your aunt should of asked your parents before getting you a dog, to see if it was ok. Got your hopes up
Gotta study for test #2. Would rather play infamous. 
Got a headache from looking at cars that i can't afford 
Got stomach ache! ugh 
Got blood drawn from both arms  ouchie
Got to go to bed soon!! Got work at 8 
staying home from school. Got the sorest throat 
Got the sudden urge to gamble. I hate that! 
not happy. Got a bad cold 
Got no robsten news today  ....... I'm angry!   -_-
wondering why ellen hasn't sent out any tweets!!  Gotta love her!
Just reached office! Got a long long day ahead! 
Finally home! Gotta go to work tomorrow 
Gotta go to work soon 
Got to take the kids to school and then to work 
Got a stiff back  on pain killers
Got an assembly today. 
Got chores to do today, they need doing too! 
@TyMaKing lololol I will TyTy when I gets to work lol. Got loads of work to do anyway smh 
Going to sleep now!!! Got to be up by 4 am 
Got childcare now ... exam tomorow 
@darrenjrobinson Thanks.  Got pushed back to an 8pm start  though 
Got a headache 
I'm now starving and still don't know what I want  Gotta leave the office to get food. Any ideas?
Yeay!! Got my tickets!! =D &amp; now..the waiting part! 
Gotta do dishes 
Got offered a job as manager but does not know what to do 
@RickyFriedRICE G'morning to you too bebe. I don't know but it was hard getting up this morning   But I still made it. Gotta doooo it
@djheikkil still not checked it out yet, no, sorry!  Got loads of promos to get through 
Got it back in, looked fuckin gnarly but dont have pic 
SATs are out: Got 1750  is it any good? i was hoping for a 1860 or something...
Got up at 5:45 for a conference 
Got my egg &amp; cheese but not time 4 sports center 
Got to go resign the lease  http://myloc.me/5AKu
Got sick  but workout anyways :p can't give up now!
Got a headache  booo
Got to go to the open evening tonight 
Got a full day slated...  The hardest part is starting. 
Got scareded by the little spider 
Gotta clean today 
Got bited by some kinda bug in the pool 
Got an inspiration -&gt; dyeing my hair! 
Sleeeepin. Gotta rest up to finish painting 
Got a 3.5 in French!      bobo sa exam!  YEY! 75% lang haha///
Got to see my bestftiend 2nite. 
Celebrating a minor banking triumph (that's banking with a b). Got one to admit it was wrong 
Getting ready for work. Got to sleep in today though 
Got a bag full of blowpops so I'll be happy today. 
Got the cutest me 2 u, thank u so much astridoooo 
Got to pet a police pony!  omg I WANT ONE!
@garymurning Still, it's great! Got to link us to it once it's done. 
I made dirty rice. Got jalepeno beef sausages and boudin likes! Yummo 
@AKSonline oh lol thanku very much glad u enjoyed it. Got a lot more shows coming up if your about 
Got my hair cut. more revision time 
Got to find some friends to follow.  It will be kinds like eaves dropping on them. 
Got new boots called Today 
Got his perfect teeth 
Gotta love men in uniforms. 
Got a tattoo! 
Wow, what a night  I have to convince myself to get out of bed now. Got some tiki bars to hit up!
Got a very nice long distance phone call  thankyou you know who you are!
Got me a new holister hoody in attempts to cheer me up. It's pretty comfy. It's working. 
@deedledeez LOL! Exactly what I said about a week ago!!! Got a phone w/ a full keyboard....ain't NEVER goin' back! 
Got called a hooker tonight. I take that as a compliment haha 
Got a haircut today 
Got all his IT coursework done 
Hogs breath frequent diners baby! Got the stamps! 
@Sekoja Ah, didn't mean the tweet but the reality. And, sorry, missed the one it balanced before. Got it. 
Finallly sleeeeeeep after a qood meal  - Got a lot in mind hollllla in 3 weeeeks !
@myfabolouslife okaaayy.. Got some old skool iPhone ringtones if u want 
Got the job! 
@psycho65  I had a cadbury's creme egg!! Got to finish them off before back to work! 
Just gone bowling. Got the highest score of everyone in both games! 131 
I kept praying &amp; praying for something- never got it - Got something better 
Got the short codes to work - 1st msg from phone 
Got high, without getting drunk. I know how it feels to be on a &quot;high&quot; now 
Too many music photos on the blog recently. Got some sunny stuff to post from today thankfully 
Got an iphone 
Got called up for an encore. Yay me. 
@grantstandridge haha thanks! Gotta love photo booth 
Got my sleep, it's ten thirty now 
Got back from my cousin`s house. 
Got the nested jqModal to work 
Got the basis of my new instructions screen working now 
@HenryHoward Got it.  Thanks. 
Got the first follower on my blog   Thanks @Andhi
Got so many games too play 
@ ChiefRedbeard. Got it.  Clothes on, appts set, and yes husbands are supposed to do all that! 
Got to love it when the boss asks you to wait for him to come in and it's to tell you how great you are doing and offers you more work 
Final observation for school went very well! Got an excellent! The pressure is finally over! 
@loungekat Gotta love it when you get the train as the doors close behind you 
Got sun burned yesterday playing golf. Kids hardly recognized me 
@dareiff LOL yeah well that's very true. Got to hang in there for the flashbacks!! 
Got locked in shopko, for 20 minutes. That was funny! 
Got to go to netball soon getting excited WOOOHOO 
Got over it. 
Got the greencard 
Got a comment from 57 years old podcast listener. 'Dance music for adults' for real. 
@raherrier Got any vodka? 
Just had a showerr.. Cousins comiin round laterr   Gotta do revision noww =/
Got a chicken wrap 
Got this from Lykasexy  http://twitpic.com/4equm
Got in a fight with some ivy. I won 
Got twitter on my phonee 
Got to spend quality time with her best friend. She is the best 
Got some new pet fish 
I am buzzed  Got the hiccups!!
Got to see a movie I thought I'd never get to see! 
Got an account 
Got the book I want. YAY! 
#pkz seems very popular. Got 3 instant replies in 1 minute...  Fatties !
Got lucky number #420 for the race!! 
@bohemianone that's hilarious!  Gotta love little boys and their silly expressions.  
Working on one of my stories. Got a few more ideas to try to work in. 
Got back from the mall !  
Got a bit of sun today!  Awesomeee.
@BSbikeNJ  cool. Got to say that is a great pic  all shiny and stuff.
Got tomorrow off 
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://tinyurl.com/cdpyzz
@elliottjb yes. Got it you're so clever. 
Got my vid up 
Got some tiki stuff and a hawaiian skirt for the project 
Waiting for the store to open. Got to fix computer, if possible; today! 
Homeee  Got new ear phones finally!
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://tinyurl.com/c9ryqc
i woke him up in the end. Got bored. 
@pattidigh we are all so proud of you! I am seriously thinking of joining you next year. Got to get training 
http://twitpic.com/4jdkq - Got a new belt  it's a sheriff star
Got told I got a good chance at gettin the job  I am so so excited .omgggg. When I come back I want too...
Got some new clothes  and series one of supernatural on dvd 
Got moommy somn special for mothers day 
Got to reconnect with some dear friends tonight.  I am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  I am blessed 
http://twitpic.com/4wff3 - Got these pretty sweet stickers from @refyousuck 
Got 38 followers now! 
@mylesagnew NICE! Got any that are indexed that you want to unload?  I need a few.
Last night went really well. Got some cracking shots 
Got a new lyric book!  
Got pulled over by a cop, got a warning 
Got me a dark red hair dye, going to get some bleach 
Got people round for dinner,anyone else coming? 
Got up extra early to hang out with a very special lady today 
I miss my ****a! Gotta phone him tomorrow or I'll just wait for him to call, it's better 
Got my final year thesis all printed up  sending it to the binders tomorrow
Got twitter on the phone now 
My birthdayy was spectacularr! Got a new camera... And helped plant flowerss! 
Just talked my moms!!! Gotta love Lavencia 
Lovely weekend. Got to drive the F1 simulator yesterday! And I got to catch with my sleep 
Got my conky script working. 
Got a nice email from a reader. Always a day brightener. 
Got my last exam back. Never been hapier than a six  that 3/4 in the last exam session.
@kinkychicken Yay! Got someone to laugh today! 
I take back all the motivation block. I motivated myself and just go done doing about a light 20 min workout. Got to start easy.  YAY!
Got a little messed up during service while doing security. I don't have a weak heart, I have a sensitive heart. I'm not a bad friend 
Got to hang out with four bulldog puppies today  http://tinyurl.com/qnvdlu
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/11Q0xi
Got the new update for I tweet is so effin cute! 
Got some trouble with my code... winder how I can solve that 
Got a bottle of nuvo for tonight 
@MissShonah  Got to go out for 20 mins,if you are not on,I'll speak later 
@cheeaun I was there yeah. Got my t-shirt 
Got some stuff to clean my car yay 
Sitting here with him...watching movies  Gotta love boys!
Got a new cell phone 
Got lost in the woods yesterday but still had funn! 
Got some space for some new tweeters   !!
Just coming home. Gotta love the city 
@cmcbrady  I suppose you're right. Got no choice but 2 keep plugging away; minimizing weaknesses and accentuating strengths huh?
Got a number at the bar! 
@janptr Waahoo! Got the link sorted out-had to change country to worldwide and now running youtube app 2.0.14 and sound speed fixed 
Got a real easy weekend. cheers 
@alandavies1 hey! Just to let you know completed it in 8h30m. Got my medal, celebrated with champagne, now in the pub!  x
Out shopping, Got 3 new polo shirts and dropped ANOTHER size  The world is good today 
Got a whole row to myself... 
Got my shoes and dress 
Got the baby watching princess diaries while I get ready for church 
Got my nails done 
Is having a fantastic morning  Got my brother and his friend to come to church!
Got video taped doing my sales presentation...it went pretty well 
Got there vs a 71 card mirror! I had the windbrisk into overrun, then topdecked the wrath to take it home. 4-0 
Got my long overdue haircut! 
@GardenGuyKenn. Got it! Thanks 
Got some shopping done and beachh 
Got to stay home today 
@AnnHawkins I was about 19 and. Got claustrophobic and had to leave the museum after 15 minutes. 
@gotCJ I worked today...but I plan to do that tomorrow!  was hoping to go for a hike. Got any  suggestions?
How did my beautiful inbox zero explode to 59 unread messages? Got to keep fighting 
@B0ATMAN lol....  I fixed my luck.  Got rid of it.  If it doesn't make me smile or happy then it shouldn't be.. 
Got up way to late today ... now catching up on the news 
Got twitterberry working again (: just uninstalled, restarted, installed 
Waiting outside the office where I'm having my meeting/interview! I'm always bloody early! Got to wait half an hour! 
Got 2 go my friends! Have a happy day! 
Got an new bikini today. It's pink &amp; white. 
At the library, working on a paper...Got almost 3 pages done yet 
@rrodrigo  You can spread a project out more on a bed than on a desk.  Got to spread that project around.  
Nvm. Got it! 
@Elinalipona Got your postcard today. Thanks  I always enjoy getting mail.
@s_soliloquy Got it, thanks! 
@HermF  I know.. Gotta love it.
Morning! Got my hospital appointment today so no school 
Got his full 7 hours in 
Got silvester back. He's all happy with his new wheels 
Got a new home for my blog. http://mannylive.net check it out 
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/cUUcw
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/cUUcw
Yay! Got the full report for free!  
Just recieved a call at 8:38 from briii  geekedd but still sleepy. Gotta catch more Z's
Got yummy yoghurt for my cute little sister in law, hope she'll like it 
@LaurenVelasquez lameee. I understand. Gotta graduate! 
@linnix it worked out actually. Got my car in and out for free 
Got back from dinner and dessert out with the girls 
At work now! Gotta say loving this twitterberry! 
Got my cap and gown today 
Got my laptop!!!!! yay been waiting for 2 months!! they lost it! hehehe wochin Gilmoregirls! sooo good. they talk soooooooo fast!! 
Gotta love how small our world is 
Got two spots open now 
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/gIpwO
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/gIpwO
Got my car back and working with good breaks again. 
Got to have a brunch then starts my work 
Got my cupcake... it tastes good  especially the on-screen keyboard 
Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://bit.ly/11dd2T
Got my purse i lost! still doing biology trying to get those grades up 
Putting my new desk together. Gotta love ikea 
Got my hair did  
Got a hair cut as well 
Got my results. I did really well, of course. 
Got a new bberry case 
Late night :/ wanted to get to sleep way earlier but got caught up. Got myspace ads set up for all shows @ me if you see any ads! 
Late night freaky questionns haha  Gotta love em
Got a pay rise of 53 bucks 
happy 16th too me... Got a macbook :O 
Got my final grades at this school, and I'm so happy! 
@OAKTOWN1027-Got it, reading now. 
I just found a whole new way to tweet from my phone! Gotta love technology 
Yay! Got my first review on RoSP and it's a nice one. 
