Most common words for this cluster:
[('got', 911), ('ta', 383), ('work', 135), ('today', 110), ('day', 101), ('get', 81), ('home', 79), ('tomorrow', 66), ('night', 59), ('time', 59), ('am', 45), ('school', 41)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Got', 0.9998694658279419), (u'Want', 0.6468303799629211), (u'Have', 0.6142751574516296), (u'Gotten', 0.5946841835975647), (u'Need', 0.5812089443206787), (u'Get', 0.5690788626670837), (u"Ain'ta", 0.5665498971939087), (u'Gettin', 0.559695303440094), (u'Forgot', 0.5476241707801819), (u'Covered_Red_Carpet', 0.5469703674316406)]





@mangaaa I hope they will increase the capacity fast, yesterday was such a pain. Got the fail whale +15 times in 2 hours.... 
Yawwwn! Gotta get up early tomorrow  who's ready for the weekend???
On the way home from work. Gotta rest up because I work tonight. 
The animatic project is done. Got a positive result.  Now I just have to write a 20 page report in 2 days. It's gonna be fun. 
You're all obsessed with this thing...So much to read, so little time! Got work in a few hours 
Got home. A parcel that was meant for me was delivered at our neighbours' house, but they're not home... 
Got to take kitty back to the vet this afternoon  She is in the garden looking worried &amp; grumpy. I won't murder u honey!!! xxx
Got hardly any sleep and missed all my errands this morning 
Got home. A parcel that was meant for me was delivered to our neighbours' house, but they're not home... 
http://twitpic.com/2yh5g - Today is the day. Gotta sell the scooter 
Thinks I might have sciatica if that's how you spell it. Got a pain from my lower back thought my butt hammy knees calf and foot 
Got 14 hours of sleep! On the other hand, I had another bad driving dream. 
Got stuff to do n don't wanna do it  I'm sleepy, I need a nap
No tattoo today    Gotta wait till next time the guy is here!
Off to bed.  Gotta get up early tomorrow 
Long day at work.  oh well... Got some money.
Oh I really wish I was still snoozing. Gotta go-have to be at work for 8am 
Got the sunday night blues  Really not looking forward to returning to the work treadmill...
@23graeme23 Arghh that doesn't sound fun...I'm having a lazy day today...Got a busy week 
Gotta do some chores now  Then will do a bit of revision, and then finish up my video!
Gotta go to the doctor's again 
Got drunk.  Got loud.  Got obnoxious. Pissed my friends off.  
Got home last night at 1am from night time archery tournament. Wheels came off for most of the kids.  Gotta get back to fundamentals. 
Has just woke up and come straight on here Lol  Got alot to do today before I go back to college tomorrow  xxxxxxx
@Sjj_KimDanielle oh I live in wildwood. On the bus now. Gotta go to ac, buy things then take another bus to absecon. 
been out topping up tan !!! Got sch 2moz  why arent holidays longer ?
Gotta run y'all.. just found out my other cuzin died...   y'all be good ttyl
Got to uni, only to find my room internet connection doesnt work and I have left my I pod 50 miles away at home 
@brianne9 lazy?   It wasn't really a nap.  I never went to bed.  Got home at 8 in the morning, watched my @mezmovieaday and got a few z's
Gotta chop down the grass on our back lot. It's up to my hips!!! That's going to take me few weekends as it's a third of an acre... 
Up way too early. Gotta catch an early ferry back for a rehearsal... So much for hotel posh 
Got up this morning with nosebleed and headache, third time in a row. Not happy 
@Mrs_Sanders Got into one and not the other  but that's ok! because this one is 1/2 days so I can still work some huzzah! brunch was yum!
Hounds all had their breakfast and been for a run, sunny day here. Got to fill up some holes they've dug in mother's garden now...oh dear 
Got woken up because of the phone! I will have 2try 2enjoy my last day before I go back 2uni 2morrow 
Got my new guy lil juan 
Got a papercut on my knuckle  I should be sent home early for the trauma.
Got hit by a door  darn height (they cant see me through the windows)
I should get to sleep. Gotta be awake and ready for when I rehearse my scene tomorrow... Why do I have to do this? 
Got a later train today after 1/2hr more in bed. so far it's a slow ride and no wifi 
Got another boring day at school 
Got a blue-ray player today.. yay for me.. hmm.. now I need something to watch in it. 
Just awoke from the bed   Got work at 2 Last night we had band practice to find out we had water in our guitar heads  not good!!
Gotta catch a flight.  Saying goodbye to my home and animals. 
It's way past my bed time! Gotta get up early tomorrow at 9:00am. 
Got my bacon egg and cheese with black pepper...mmmmm...about to go in the crib and tear this down!...only problem....I'm by myself  lol
Gotta grab something nice to wear for a luncheon with my doctor... i've got difficulties in defining the 'nice' word though 
Gotta catch up from a week on the road and prepare for the in-laws' 50th anniversary next weekend...no time for fun and games ...  
Gotta go to the vet's for a shot this morning.  ? http://blip.fm/~5eyd8
Gotta study all day   Only 3 finals to go!
@ladylocs40 I was going into work :-/. Got an hour and a half of sleep 
Got home at 6 today...but explain to me why the f I'm WHEEZING?! breathing is hard 
Got super-sick drunk last nite. It was horrible. 
Gotta go supervise my neice at work 2nite &amp; she wants to be at a mates party instead so should be a fun filled nite 
Reading i hope they serve beer in hell. Got it for free..would never give this tool my money..but this is such a good book so far 
@kriselliott wish I had plans, no blackberry = no plans  Got some lovely tuna though mmmm yummy!
I have had an eventful day! Got mowed down by woman in a wheel chair! she deliberatly went into me, have very sore ankles now! 
Got a bangin' headache ... not good when you're playing out six hours of dance music 
@gerkshinobi aww man.. Got the cha--didnt get the ching.  hahahh ok jk.
@StarKat7 heyho  I'm gooood.  Got work soon though   And omg no.... I must go and take a look..
What am I gonna do today? Gotta do the production log and critical analysis  - wow this is gonna be fun 
Gotta do homework today! I don't want to. 
I have a busy week ahead of me now. Gotta wake up early tomorrow  I'm gonna transfer via SunAlertz. 
About to go grocery shopping.  Gotta get home and wait on the crappy weather 
Gotta my ny head in the game! I can't concentrate! 
Gotta go home and iron clothes, I should have done it earlier. But nooooooooi had to take a nap 
Gotta do homework  and my mom is making me make my own dinner. 
Shit, I'm so tired I'm like falling asleep! I still gotta finish my project though  Gotta stay awake O_O
Got koi pond cleanout done today &amp; 2 winters of car salt stains &amp; vacuuming addressed. No tires or brakes tho' -ran out of time &amp; energy 
Going to bed... Gotta work in the morning...  good night twitters!!!
Going off twitter for an hour. Gotta finish reading, at least that. 
Gotta get started on that essay! 
Another day at work   Got gears practice when i come home so thats goin to tired me out...
Got to take one of my baby cats to the vet tommorow. As much as I am against it, I may have to euthanize one of my cats if he gets worse. 
Got a tattoo on my right bicep temporary one though.. permanent once are too expensive 
can't believe its raining again  not fair. Gotta stay in now.
Got a feeling it's going to be a boring bank holiday H is at work  it's raining so cant go out on the bike and no films left on the hdrive
Gotta get ready soon.. Really don't wanna work today  But atleast I'll be with @CAHinxman.
Gotta go to skool.....noooooo......and today begins another episode in my dramatic life 
Got food poisoning ar Chilies last night!  O well, better the swine flu
Gotta work 6 splits this month... 
@thisgirltv I would but I'm kind of pressed for time this week. Got a big weekend coming up &amp; have to get a lot done to prepare. 
@j_boogie_sf only here for the night. Gotta be back at the airport at 9am  ugh...
I'm going to bed. Gotta get up tomorrow and work 
@Nakpangi no prob. Gotta enjoy the movie nites while I can. Soon you'll be moving off into the wild blue yonder  bitter sweet
is guna crack on with the revision today  Got lots to do but very lil time!
@neilinglis There's little chance it will convince someone to rent and a distinct possibility it may put someone off. Gotta go 
Got to send my claim form and 15 pound away for breaking my 3 stick  hope i get a new one,before my lads 5th bday sat
So happy it's sunday, but not looking forward to monday  Got to study for my Business final all day today!!!  So happy it's nice out!!!
Gotta log off soon!  waking up early tomorrow.....
At home for the night. It's been fun riding around the city all weekend. Gotta take the rental back in the am 
Got hit with homesickness bug big time.   I miss my mom.
Mothers day totally did not end the way I planned... Got in an argument with my brother which kinda ruined it 4 my mom... I feel bad 
@sebrown154 i would love to thister, but i picked up a couple shifts so maybe i can next week. Got bills 
Got body and bag searched this morn on way to gym 
life with man-lurgy sucks. Got to just tough it out 
Got tomorrow off work, yippee!  Still hoping for nice weather this weekend but it isn't looking good 
Just woke up and showered. Gotta get ready for school 
agiht list closed. Got the folks that dm me there info. If u didnt sorry 
Ugh.  Got work 8am till 3pm tomorrow 
Gotta get up at 6.30am tomorrow for dance comp 
Such an awesome day! Gotta get up early to start studying for upcoming finals week! Ugh! 
Shopping , shopping , shopping all day with the boo , heading home now . Got a load of study waiting for me 
Up at 5.58am on a sunday, something is wrong with me. Got woken up cos I was cold 
Got headache      but hav very busy day ahead ho hum........
Got carried away makin beats &amp; just remembered I have to be up in like 2 hours 
Got a head cold - really do not need this right now. What I actually need is a few days away from work, but no chance of that happening 
Got to be up at 6.30am tomorrow  Anyone want to take my place at work. lol
Got to love that #apple reject #iPhone apps over a month ago asking us to implement features that aren't launched yet  http://tr.im/lzIq
I need to print 70 sermon notes pages and the copier is broken and my printer only prints in sea blue.    Gotta do whatcha gotta do.
getting ready for work!  There's no messin around... Got off the ship yest. n back into work today! 
Got a lot of work to do.  *dives into accounting books*
Enough intertubes for now. Gotta clean my man-cave up 
Got a new iPhone.  It has the vibration switch but none of my music or videos.  
Gotta clean up the broken glass in the bathroom. 
Got sent home early cause we had a longer break than usual 
@hkFashionGeek ohh i'm making a supply run! Got a few things I want casted and yes, i do not trust them to do it here 
is about to leave for school.  Gotta get through 12 more days...
Gotta study for my french test. 
Wth happened to the warm eweather? Why is it cold today...  Got ready in 20 minutes cuz I woke up late for work  could sleep for days
I hurt my shoulder mowing this weekend  Gotta keep the house pretty!
Got an A on the first exam of the semester, yay! Now I have to find something to do till 11am class 
drivin to school.  supposed to be there at eight. Gotta make up time for mattson
Got an offer to do some consultancy.. lots of money, pitty that I cannot work for competitors... 
My french exam starts in 40 minutes. Gotta leave now.  Not very confident with this one, hope it goes okay. &lt;3
Man this going to bed early so I can get up early to work-out kinds of sucks cause I miss all the boys late night tweet  Got go pump it!
@BgirlShorty I'm so excited u guys r coming. I hope I can go. Got graduation that weekend.  busy busy... But stoked.
@RichardCarter I'm a bit grumpy!! Got immersed in a site so was distracted  - and I *still* havent made the coffee yet 
Last night was the first wake session. How draining. Got 4 hrs sleep &amp; now I'm babysitting a sick baby.  poor kiddo.
C2 exam went pretty bad  Gotta get 100% on S1 now....
is bored too @captainmeg I hate job hunting!!! Got nothing planned fr the entire day 
@feliciaday beat PvsZ last night! Got stumped on the big dude with lightpole, was the only time I failed  workin through minigames now.
Got no money. Looks like a crap bank holiday weekend for me 
Gotta do my hair makeup n find casual clothing. 
Gotta put the bike up for awhile ... again!!  (near the golfclubs!) http://twitpic.com/5oxbr
Got my laptop and papers and money stolen last night  hope it will be usefull to someone at least!
Got nothing really done today, noone called when they said they would.. i feel useless 
Gotta go grocery shopping but hate how much time it takes.. especially with no car 
@ramkitten Thursdays are my racquetball night.  Gotta do something besides sitting in front of a computer all day and night.
Got 1 question right at sports trivia tonight.  Gotta watch more sports Center. I can't go just to be eye candy for the team every week :p
Just ate  a marilyn monroll, and a me so horny sushi rolls! Gotta love the clever names! I am trying to get over heartbreak! It sucks 
Gotta go take a shower. 
Got woke up at 5am to babysit my sisters daughter great huh? Now it is 6:25 am i am soooooo tired 
Got finals in the morning  so I'm finna hit these sheets peace out.
Going to sleep . Got to get up early like 9 45  yes i need at least 11 to 12 hrs sleep still in teenage mode
@willxxmobb work at 6am. Gotta go to bed soon 
Should have gone to bed ages ago, damn you tedtalks!  Gotta get up early too 
Got approximately 3 hours of sleep last night....I love my life 
iProcrastinate: This is by far my #1 character flaw. Gotta session at 11 and I don't want to emerge from my covers. 
Got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i'm spending it &quot;PACKING&quot; 
Gotta drop off some car parts for a buddy to press out, then to the dentist!    http://yfrog.com/0a7v3j
Gotta wait till wednesday for my new guitar to be delivered 
@iamdiddy I need a hug... Gotta find another place to live and a new job 
@nick_carter Gotta make the video public, dear. LOL ...can't see it. 
Gotta go to the doctor this morning  i feel so sick right now. i can barely talk but i'm still yelling across the house lol
Got up early did a shit ton now im headed to cherokee park to run  and walk !
Installing a new hard drive! Gotta redo everything though 
I think I've never been so tired in my entire life. Gotta go now, I've got some homework to do 
the weekend is about to begin! Got an idea for a project that I think would be cool -- just not sure I've got the time for it right now. 
Gotta sleeep am so tired  good night tweeps!
Gotta get up early tomorrow...gotta be at work for 9 
Gotta love nasty weatherrrrr. @kileyymariee so jealous ur at knotts 
Working at hop city. Gotta miss baseball 
Got fully denied tonight  sleep time now, lnd in morn!
Just got my dress for my friends wedding. Its a little tight in places. Gotta work out more 
I'm actually sad ab leavin the boro for good!! Last night here. Gotta make it count 
Finally home. Got homework this weekend  but only 1 more week of school!!!
Got caught up with a bunch of homework but now actually feels a lil sick.. Wishes coqui were here 
Got the clothes I ordered last week today. The zipper broke on my new hoodie already 
9 days down &amp; one day off. Gotta make the most of it cuz not seeing another one for atleast 7 to 9 more  what would I do if I didn't work?
Got my laptop back...now the wireless in my house wont work 
Got a new puppy today and am halfway iffy cuz of my baby pup I lost 
Gotta work tomorrow   
Have a skull and crossbones necklace in the works.  Got some more beads a while back and so blew my chance to take a bead road trip! 
Morning tweeps, another beautiful day in the uk. Got to work and not happy  I like my job but wish it was a 5 days a week one.
Got one of them nutty really buzzy super fast flies upstairs, I can't get near it!  There will be house damage soon!
Got tha sniffles. Pretty sure im sick. 
yest i had a gud travel from chennai to trichy... Got the last seat  due to late booking...
Got up... found out the youngest is working when &quot;all&quot; of the family are going to an astros game. Now, that just puts a damper on things. 
Gotta bring my momma to the airport this morning 
Morning twitterville! I'm up!  I'm sleepy but I'm up. Gotta work all day &amp; all night today. But it's cool.
Got a bad electric shock today at work  Still another 4 hours to go before I can go home and get a cuddle.
@savagestar morning honey! Got beach yet? Lol is so hot in here, I wish I had a beach to go to 
I think ma moms mad @ me for the ppl and music last night  can't have &quot;my heart&quot; mad @ me! Gotta go sweet talk her!
Having a really bad headache... Gotta lay down for a bit 
Got a farewell party at school tomorrow... It's gonna be my last day at school 
Not even noon yet, and it's 84 degrees    Got my cake but forgot the ice cream.....Not sure what to do for dinner tomorrow either.
Headed to lunch wit tha girls...Yay! Gotta get up b4 I leave tomorrow 
my bf, he is workin   i hope to hear from him soon tho. Got my friend her b~day gift for monday.lolz...ice cream sounds good!!store again?
Got a blister on my finger from playing basket ball yesterday 
Got hooked on flamin hot cheetos again the other day.  
We were so sorry to have missed you @cjcubs last night  Got home a while ago, too tired &amp; &quot;campy&quot; for shopping.
Got sunburnt today in Brummyland whilst playing 2 hours of football ... and we lost 
Gotta go to momma dukes to help her out, she can't move her arm for a couple months 
Gotta find an alternate outfit for Tues night..... The meterologist said that's it's going to be p.m. rain...... 
Breaking evening plans  so I can stay home and learn everything about Canadian higher ed. Got tips?
Wish I could go out tonight but my vacay is ovr. Gotta be to wrk in the morn 
Gotta work at the butt crack of dawn tomorrow morning!  6am-1pm
Gotta be at this wedding reversal at 7am 
Got home just in-time to watch the cavs lose 
@lauramingram awwww  I didn't feel sick luckily. Got to sleep pretty quickly too, but then the cats next door woke me up.
At the black label kicken it! Gotta b at work in the work though 
At the black label kicken it! Gotta b at work in the work though 
sat in the airport lounge waiting to go home. so glad diversity won bgt woop woop. Got to finish of my assignment today  fun times lol xx
Got a mountain of prep work to do for a week working away, don't think I can make #bcleeds09  miss you guys, have a great one
Got a hole in my knee. It bled so much just now there's a big red patch on my jeans. How to wash off!  - http://tweet.sg
Got a house guest from pakistan, chain smoker, can't say to him get out of the house! 
6 am. Up. Gettin ready for work. Gotta miss church  *sigh*
@lilac_princess No sorry,im really gutted i left it too late,but i will be there nxt time,Got alt of things happeninthis month x 
Gettin ready to go to work.  sleepy as shit. Got me a nos though   (lOVE fOR $$$;]
Got sunburnt on my right arm yesterday, must have been all that driving with my arm out the window, can't wear any tops with sleaves 
Gotta go get ready... 10am. It's way too early 
Gotta give my sunburn a chance to heal, so am gonna be stuck indoors today 
Man... last night was pretty intense! Rays game today. Gotta get out of bed soon 
Got a call to roll out of bed and play ball instead of continue sleeping. I like softball but not on blacktop 
Hey tweeps, hope you're all having a good day / wkend. Got the hayfever, so I'm stuck indoors 
Got school tomorrow  got crap lessons 
Got lyk 2 hours of sleep last night. Couldn't breathe and still can't!todays not going to be fun! 
Todays revision has been a bit of a failure.Got some biology done but chemistry has been thrown out the window  bad times. I blame the sun
Just decided to get out of the bed. Gotta be at work in an hour  Its gonna be a long day.
Gotta wait a whole month till the new all time low album 
@heartbreakers hey simon loving the show really calming me. Got school tomorrow and a exam proper worried  give us a mention please and
Realy can't sleep! Got school tomorrow cba to go german cw 1st lesson  such a bad half term fel into a stingingnettle bush tue well hurt 
Got a red bathing suit! I am still not skinny enough for a bikini.  http://yfrog.com/5et4mj
Got everything done early... almost too early, now I have nothing to do. 
@cre8tn Got ya. I paint miniatures for wargames. I haven't finished a model in about 6-8 months.  
I'm going to miss my babe. He is traveling tmrw for a couple days with his business. Gotta get dat $$ though 
Gotta get back up in a few gours for school..not lookin forward to it 
Gotta go now -_- Have to stop and say hay to my grandma alzheimes before we go to my big sis. I feel sorry for myself 
Tired as f**k and just now getting to bed. Gotta be at work at 10 and I already know its going to be hard to get up  night
Heading to bed. Gotta get up early for another doctor's appointment. 
@vinny_vegas I'm home visiting my family now, but my trip only overlaps yours by 1 day  Gotta make it count!
Got bitten to shreads at harrys bbq  but am looking forward to another day of sun in the homeland!!
@geoffowen your a good lad ain't yer! Got case study in ok, gonna take a look at the wiki task toneete 
Got my wallet stolen from work  250 euro + amex gone. Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk
Got a lot off my chest at work this morning and now I'm eating pizza. Feeling a tad better eventhough nothing has improved 
Got up early, did things around the house, but no gym  dang...now want to go back to bed
My parents are gone home and everything is wet  Got a lot of rain in a very short time. And I wanted to sit outside this afternoon 
Me and @killian101 are going for a run then I start my busy month of june... Gotta drive to asu tempe 5 days a week 
@rosie21 enjoy! Got my latin exam now 
Got sum feedback on lit review: need 2 address 1 criterion i missd: so thats 2nites task: anothr late 1 planned 
Got the day of work,, Yes!! Have to go back tomorrow though 
Got a bit sun burned this weekend  But enjoyed every second in the sunshine all the same!
This laptop spoils me. I am laying in bed, thoroughly disinterested in leaving the warmth I am currently enjoying. Gotta go get ready... 
Headed 2 my 7 month ob appt. Gotta get a shot 2day 
F*cking f*ck. Seriously, what's wrong with #flash #cs4? Got this after saving a document and reopening it. http://twitpic.com/6eie0 
So the fever is back  still lying in bed! Got the box set of heroes season 1 (yeah I'm late) got all day 2 C what the hype is about lol
Got in from school, sore nose, headache and really pissed off with my mother, she always said she would be proud of me, she lied. 
Got caught up on sleep yesterday, and annoyed that I am having issues getting my cell to work with my tweeting!  
@prettyclassic sigh yeahh, had one today... it was awful! two hours blahhh. Got another tomorrow aswell.  boo. How're you? xx
Got up at 3 and went to watch my sister work in Colorado. Been here less than 24 hours and am about to leave  Gotta go back to bein an OkE
Home PT came 2day. Got new exercises. They r gonna hurt like hell.  
Got to hand in a history source analysis tomorrow, was supposed to do it over the week off, but, I didn't. 
@its2l8dw @jonsgirl6769 u mean im a celeb? Got 2 watch that i missed the damn wedding 
Got sunburnt today  That'll teach me to lie in the garden topless. That was one for the ladies ;) lol more maths tomorrow. Woopee!
Early dismissal day allright. Gotta study for finals tho 
Gotta get my school things ready 
Got contract for school...there are a lot of (bad) changes. Going to have to seriously think about this before signing on another year 
Gotta study but don't wanna  can I just keep watching deal or no deal?
@kevskrilla lol yea I see. Its dead now tho. Gotta get a new 1 
Got two packages today.  One was wrong, so I delivered it to the right address, and the other which was mine was broken.    Of course.
Got three quotes for my car damage.  Looks like it's going to cost ~$1000 to replace the door entirely or do a laborious fix and repaint. 
Ugh! Gotta wake up at 3 tomorrow morning 
Yikes, got up at 6am, super-busy all day around the house, preparing dinner right now and guess what?!?! Gotta work 2nite from 10 til 6  
OK ladies, I'm out. Gotta take care of my babies. Tummies have settled, but still fevering 
Driving range.  Gotta raw thumb.    hope that doesn't mean bad technique.
It is really Bad here... its a severe thunderstorm  60 mile an hour winds and lightning and thunder. Got to get off here.
Finally got the star trek blu-ray set. Gotta work 4-9 tho so gotta wait to watch 
Got hit by a pitch 2nite &amp; have a major bruise forming on the inside of my right knee. We won again but game was called early due 2 rain. 
Got to see my bestie today...its been a while...and tomorrow breakfast and then goodbye again.   
Got headache  think I haven't drank alot today
Got the update: dude got 10 rounds shot at him obviously killing him. Seriously, I don't even want to b home right now 
@anca_foster oh yeah. I have had this one for a while. Got tired of the animated one. lol I should have warned you. I'm sorry 
@zappos_spouse  We just picked a bunch off our tree last week. Got enough for a pie and two batches of cherry liquour.
Got no writing done tonight, and the next two nights look like a wash too 
Morning all. Gotta get moving I didn't hear the alarm 
Should have been in bed a few hours ago. Gotta be at the salon at the crack of dawn 
Watching mall cop about to go to bed. Gotta work at 11 tomorrow 
I'm up! Gotta get ready for school, buu 
Not sleep but i should be. Gotta work in the am. 
Got something in my eye on my pupil  giving me headaches :'( on the bright side no school - however I fear eye drops
Gotta take my girl 2 the doctor, she might have swine flu. 
Typical.  Got the day off of work, and the sun has buggered off 
Got home to find the whole side of my car smashed up! Wow. . .  what a great gift! 
Just finished washing her pink marukan hasmter cage. Gotta give away my hammies asap before the boys reach here 
Just finished washing her pink marukan hasmter cage. Gotta give away my hammies asap before the boys reach here or they'll be bullied 
About to go to school :/ Gotta drop my brother off first 
The sun is amazing ..(: dont leave!  Gotta clean my room :Z:Z wanna go out 
Gotta rush my t homeworks,discriminant of roots,vomit my S off! 
Just got home. I'm supposed to do my assignment but I don't think I have the strength. Got work at 5.30am tomorrow 
Just woke up and showered. Gotta get ready for school 
Finally home.. Gotta b up n an hour and a half...  but tonight was definitely worth it!!!!
Got told I've to work at 3.30-10  then last minute revision before bed, then chemistry exam tomorrow ahhhh
I'm selling nearly every thing I own... Got to have less stuff for these travels... Guitars go bye bye 
It is 8am and I woke up to finish reading a chapter before class. Gotta love summer school! 
R9.10 said I looked like an old man, gimping around on my bad knee  Gotta get it fixed, I guess
is workin the off tomorrow. It's suppose to be cool and rainy  ! Gotta love the midwest!!!
Got coffee while I'm waiting in line at starbucks for their coffee...slow lines 
is soo bored without her brother around  Gotta go pick my check up today.......and then off to work at 4.....
Got stuck filling nursing home prescriptions in the office alone today,then at three I have to go work the payment center until eight   
@VictoriaDiamond ahhh poor baby got a sore throat...hope u feel betta soon. I am just mad tired V. I need more sleep. Got 2 much 2 do tho 
I had to stop my cardio workout today  Gotta finish tonight!
Got in trouble for going out side. So my mommy put me in my cage 
ughh missed 2 days of school. Got the flu 
Got into a car accident!  me and honey are shaken up!  The mr. man hit me!!!!!!!!!!! &gt;
Got conned into working til 7pm on my b-day...go figure. No party 2nite... 
Evening tweeps. Gotta go finish my 10 pg paper tonight and tomorrow morning. did anybody watch my youtube vid? 
Got back in touch with an old friend tonite; i miss her  but great to hear from her...time to hit da sheets
@JeffreyLin *(^$$#%Y...Got stopped out on a trailer yesterday $AKS...was nice...but coulda been beter 
Got some sleep but my phone getting emails woke me up 
Still can't breathe right. Wish my sinuses would clear up. Got decent amount of work done today, hooray. Tons more, so no real dent made. 
is going to have another glorified nap. Gotta be in at 6am again. 
I'm soooo hungry, but it's toooo late to eat anything.  Gotta suck it up 
Just made a doctor's appointment. Got a chlamydia warning from the guys of the party the other week. And I got an itch... 
Gotta bring my sugar gliders to their new home, for two months, tomorrow. I will miss them so... 
Morning! I'm walking to beach again this morn to make the most of the sun b4 it disappears. Gotta walk past shop with lovely shoes again 
Got a real fuzzy head today I think its the change in the weather 
Home from work. Already ate some din din  Wrote people back. Got a real bad sore throat that started after work  What the heck? NiteNite
I'm workin on makin a web site or sumthin. Got sick today now I'm at home. 
Got Finals, wont be on the internets much  Loved ones arent online 
Got a thumping headache... but there's sooooo much work to do, there's no time to relax 
Got charger, she's using earfones  guess i'll have 2 use my old ones 
Gotta work tonight aswell now!  it's gonna be along day
Gotta say good bye to a good friend today 
Got some good drugs at the allergist yesterday, but cant take them at work 
Got my english paper 2 exam tomorrow, 
No camera time for me...    Got in trouble yesterday at school and detention after today!!!
Gotta go get ready for work.  Too sad, want to stay and tweet but must earn a living!
Gotta return my super cute shades 
Gotta mow the yards today. 
Got the gist of the melody laid out yesterday but recalling that much theory made my head hurt so I burnt out after a few hours  next time
Up till 3am with oldest son and the stomach flu!  Got a short break nows he's starting again 
Got to go hit up home depot and get a washer to fix my bench press bar.  One side of the bar keeps slipping off 
Man it's 12:21pm now. Gotta get back to work. 
Got my keys..........I am now a property owner whooo hooo now to furnish it oh the joys 
Got all the way home and realized I left my keys at work 
Gotta get ready for work. 
Got all my exam results back on one piece of paper today... I'm genuinely suprised that I'm still alive... yeah, they were shit 
Got a much needed haircut.. The sad day has come to throw away my very favorite pair of jeans   http://myloc.me/2IrE
Gotta turn my phone off 4 graduation! Say a prayer 4 me I'm hungry &amp; it looks like they're 1000 kids out here! What u won't do 4 family! 
@drwhanson it's bogey btw. Also, i was at hole 13, home now! Got your twit too late 
Is working all day  oh well. Gotta make that money some how.
Just got back from meal out with family and the usual weekly family catch up! Got to be up at 6am tho  not happy
Gotta make sure I take my camera everywhere now so I can show yall some of this stuff, can't twitpic wit my phone 
Got off work, now im gonna go babysit phew 
@justash23 So hard 2 stay on sched.  30 min elliptical/30 min tread speedwalk on incline. Gotta keep it up tho tomorrow, the next day...
I've had the flu more times than I care to remember... think this is another bout of it. Got home, took a shower, threw up... 
Got a nice face sunburn and it hurts  but my friends party kicked major ass!
Got back from my &quot;asian shopping sesh&quot; and well.. didn't come up on much  I'm gonna try to make a KoreaTown trip soon!!!
@scrivener wish I could go. Gotta fix a network, blog, prep for early weekend rides, and do reports 
sorry to leave u hangin ms T...Got busy...i am not a wine expert but as far as calories red is the least...stay away from dacquri...sugar 
Totally seeing it in 3d- waiting an extra hour for it though. Got pwned in guitar hero arcade in a freak nerd encounter, too 
Got attacked by my kitty  I have 4 huge scratches.but it's summer!!party tonight and tomorrow!!!YAY&lt;3 night.
@ReeseMcBlox Got deleted because parents canceled something on account. ne way 2 get un-deleted?  I owed my friends tons of money T.T
Off to bed. Got a wedding to hoot tomorrow. 3:30 wakeup to drive to rocky mountain house area. 
Dammit.... My tailor didn't hemm my suit pants  Gotta do it myself
Raining hard.... not a good start to the day.  Got to pack up all my belongings into a car in this rain 
Physics and french today. Got absolutly soaked on the round this morning as well. 
Gotta work  I really was sooo mad with work last night I could have handed my notice in !
Last night was alrighttt.... Got crappy shitty work soon 
Got home last night from the hospital, it was a long week  hopefully i dont have to go back anytime soon
Got a sore throut and dont feel well 
@nmcgivney As for harbingers...them &amp; portents can sod off.  Each time I get smthng for the garden it rains for weeks. Got a tomato plant 
Got up early and fight with the pillow  I didn't wanna wake up booo I'm still sleepy... having breakfast
I miss so many people, I could seriously make a list. That's bad!  Gotta re kindil those flames.
Gotta work on the tornado of a house today  Hoping it will be decently warm though outside and I can go for a dip in the pool!
Got all ready for the much balleyhooed thunderstorm last night: drinks, popcorn, chairs set up on the porch.  5 stikes and 3 raindrops 
Gotta freakin walk to work!!! How annoying! 
Got sims 3 last night but can't play till after work tonight  looks much improved tho!
Up thinking of a master plan... Got 2 much on the mind 2 sleep  what am I going 2 do????
Got wayyyy too drunk last night and pissed off @romo18 
Got up this morning pumped for bootcamp, couldn't find the mtg spot 
Gotta get ready for work  ...... I think I'm gonna get some homework done while at work
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH this sucks! I just wanna SCREAMMMMMM!! Gotta go to work 
Just had a dove on my ceiling fan on the back porch.  Have never seen that happen before.  Got my camera but spooked it away! 
Just waking up.  Got a hell of a headache from last night...sm1 bring me some aspirin please. 
SO DEPRESSED  Got my phone stolen, 120 dollars, and my pink nanny ipod--someone just shoot me and take me out of my misery
Got a late start on the community bike ride, rode to the end of the rail trail, never saw any other bikers. Where is everybody?  oh well
Got the palm pre at the pre-release party.  Already have a dead pixel, and charger doesn't work.  Other than that, I really like it.
Gotta get back to tiling work.  2 days and only 19 square feet up so far.  Could be a long road to completion.  
@mandacrow Just turned it off cuz my headache is back and the headphones aren't helping.   Gotta go grab some grub.
mowed the backyard jungle again- 3,764,502,915 dandelions just met their maker! Got a lil burn-boo-boo from soem hot thingy majig tho 
Mcdonalds for breakfast. Gotta get ready for work... 
@MaschaD we are going to dumber's parents, the kids are there so I shall be playing football or colouring in! Got some work to do too 
Gotta find some chow to feed my machine...baked tater or chopped salad? I would prefer a cheeseburger, but those days are gone. 
Eating funnel cake outside while its windy is not the bidness. Got powdered sugar on my jeans. 
Got 12 hours of sleep and im still tired 
@sojufied yes I'm ok. Got hit by a car behind 
Gotta change my bed clothes and clean out my turtle tank 
Gettin ready to fly to chicago. Gotta love conferences that start on sunday. 
having a good day!! Got plenty of rest, got served breakfast in bed...too bad I have to go to work pretty soon 
Brb in 30 minutes... Gotta clean a bit 
Gotta take a nap... I'm so tired, so very very tired  Those shoes gotta wait.
So I missed free ice cream day and I was sad. Got there at 5:42, it ended at 5. fml. 
Gotta work 2nite 2 ya'll  i always miss the good games
its nice to be home! Got a flat tire on the way in the middle of nowhere wyoming 
Gotta go back to my little jail cell aka work  http://myloc.me/2R5p
I guess 1 vs 100 will have to wait for another day for me, again. Gotta go in a few. 
Got soaking wet feet from walking home from work 
Got thrown in a pool by 3 middle schoolers.. Got movies.. And heading home to watch them.. Pray i dont get beat up by middle schoolers.. 
Got a boo-boo at work. 
Got my first speeding ticket in over a decade today...  81 in a 65, oops.
@jaymayyyy so I got out of bed cause I was hungry. Got a bowl out, poured me some captain crunch. No milk in the fridge 
Gotta be up for a christening in 3hrs, not feeling good at all 
Bout to call it a night. Gotta work in the morning 
Sitting in front of my computer waiting for my wifey to wake up, hoping she'll be up before I head to bed. Gotta get up in 5 hours. 
Gotta pack for newquay tomoz. Five and a half hour car drive.     
Morning! Still in bed but think I deserve it after y'day, plus it sounds v wet beyond my bedroom window  Got a desperate need for tea tho
Got busted by joey kevin and ace on home 
Gotta unpack &amp; sort out all the stuffs from yesterday.I desperately need a new makeup bag/box.And oso throw away sum old junks! 
Got sent home sick from work  feel so bad
Just got up... Gotta go 2 church. And I could have NOT gone to my dad's boat AND gone to mass light night! Sermons...so...long... 
Late night partying.. Got back when the morning chorus was a-starting.. Not done that for a while! But a whole morning wasted 
Just woke up... feel like shit. Got loads of school work to do, why can't Summer come quicker? 
Just got up, waiting on coffee.  Gotta run into work for an hour or so at noon 
Got the maddest headache  ah me n rawz saved some bday party 2day
Gotta head out to the storage unit to pull out the extra door for the cellar. The seal is broke on the old one...  #beer #wine
Got to get off my behind and get moving got to go grocery shopping while it is still early somebody give me a push i don't want to go 
@cookiemonster82 sounds good! I'm like 1st 3 overweight whatever that works out as  had to buy new trousers today. Got 2fat lol
Gotta love closing shifts especially when you have an opening shift the next day.... 
 packing up all of our stuff, gettin ready to leave our wonderful b&amp;b. Gotta find somewhere to kill time till we can pick up our dog  ...
http://twitpic.com/6u8hm - mama pigeon feeding her babies. Got too close to take the picture &amp; a blob of food fell by my food 
Really don't feel like leaving the house. Really want a lazy day. Gotta visit family for housewarming.. That means changing outta pjs... 
Got to hang out with this wee man for a few days, miss him already  http://tinyurl.com/nf6fgh
Gotta work on math 
@joeyanne not sure cat would be much help as this little fella is stuck in the wall  Got a man coming tmrw to flush it out
Got a maths mock test tomorrow  not looking forward to it.. no where near prepared. &quot;/
Got bit by a bug or something yesterday while walking and its swollen, red, puffy, and itchy 
Got to go and fill in some form things for college  Watch this while I'm gone: http://bit.ly/QYTZn
@pinkmotown no  not ballin enuf yet! Gotta work up the food chain to 8900 first!
@GloriaMcg I wish I could have gone. You do alot of fun stuff. I just stay at home  Gotta get out!!
Home from church, again! Got a headache  guna snuggle up in bed and watch some tv
Home at last! Gotta do laundry tho! 
Got physiotherapy tomorrow morning, so I can learn to move my broken finger again! It's gonna hurt so bad 
Right i'm turning this off- too much of a distraction. Got a feeling it's gonna be a looooong night for revision  x x
Got a sun burn on saturday. Hurts like hell 
Home now its gonna rain  Got home just in time starving Its 6:40pm first time im gonna eat today LOL!
@Kaleyedoscope_i I have calc tomorrow. Gotta try to keep that A. &amp; chem on tues &amp; I'm not looking forward to that. 
Missed the chilie cookoff  maybe next year. Got to spend time with my dad though.
Got stuck watching the damn game, go figure  http://myloc.me/2Y8m
A 30 min nap somehow lasted 3 hrs!Gotta figure out dinner. And try to take a nice walk on my 1 non run day!seems like the day disappeared 
Going to sleep.Gotta get up early for e.s. lab tomorrow. 
I decided to skip the $20 valet and prk at the bev center for $4. Gotta cut costs...unemployment lurking  sad 2b poor again
Gnite tweeters! Gotta get up in 7 hours 
Gotta do that more often, I don't spend enough time with my family 
@x0me880x I am here for 13 more minutes.  Gotta head to bed for a super early am mtg. tomorrow. 
@whatwouldjessdo chillin doing my huurr and watching some heroes. Gotta do inventory tomorrow. 
Got back from a state park and had to pluck off an abundance of hungry deer ticks. Now I'm feeling phantom ticks and can't sleep. 
uuurrrrghhhhh got the monday morning blues!!! Gotta go to work when all i wanna do is hide under the duvet 
Gotta wake up in 3 hours 
Got my french speaking test in just over an hour  But im pretty confident about it 
After a lazy day all day sunday it was great!  Got to go see the bank again today  and the solicitor  buying a house is not so exciting.
Gotta clean up my room and do homework now 
Got like two hours of sleep. Now i can't go back.  i have to be up in three hours.
Just got home from school. Got lots of stuff to do. 
Feeling guilty about unfollowing people with either &quot;spymaster&quot; or &quot;squares**ce&quot; tweets. Got to be done 
Gotta goooo get the bus  I hate hate hatttttttte public transport, haha
neck still hurts as hell  but finally up. Gotta take a shower and get ready for school. 2 days left!!
Got woken up by a call. It's all stormy outside and no-one else is here  I'm not allowed downstairs either! *goes under covers*
Just spent 14 hrs on the road! Got in at 3:00am and I'm about to be at work... I hate starting my week like this, I need my sleep! 
Got excited when I thought I could get on planes again, turns out it's just my old passport snipped up with &quot;your passport is on the way&quot; 
Got a mother of a storm here  No fair...hate the thunder and lightning! 
Gotta love early mornings in the summer. 
Got woken up by my sister this morning thinking it was sunday still...now at work 
@mameekins yes  can't have the day off as there is no1 else to do my job! Gotta get up at 6am!We have s3 of supernatural to watch now woo!
Got forced onto a pirate ship ride and now i'm just braindead to play anything else.  - http://tweet.sg
Gotta work early...  talk to u guys tonight!
Got an oil stain on my new dress....the first day I wore it.  
My vacation was ruined by a little white bug.    No kid at camp and gotta clean up all the bedding  Gotta look at my chart for today.
Working until 6. Got a hugeee order of dry goods in that need to be priced and put away.  I wanna go home!!
@ILUVNKOTB good...how bout you? Got off work early...sick kiddo @ home 
Gotta go to the doctor today..  stupid sinus infection
finished first day of residency orientation. Got the pager - now on a leash 
Got a doc appt @ 2 hope everything is ok! 
Got a tweet that said shuttle to go at 0540 wednesday, prolly not gonna try... Too early.  
@victrola7 I refused to watch it without watching &quot;Begins&quot; first. Gotta do things in order... even if it means missing it at the theatre. 
Got a blister from my walk. If i keep up this whole exercise thing i'm gonna need new sneakers. 
Just had a shower. Now im getting ready, then packing and then bedtime.. Gotta be up REALLY early tomorrow 
All settled down at work, about to cook me something to eat then call my friend to talk to him. Got homework 
On my way home to go chill, blahhh!  Gotta minor headache 
It's only 606! I can't be tired yet!! I'm not guna nap tho bc then I'll be up all night!! I'll fall asleep at 8-9! Gotta get up eeearly 
Turns out I really tweaked my back. Got prescriptions, a chiropractor referral, and orders to take it easy &amp; skip the gym.    &amp;  
Leaving lv a day early. Got waaaaay too much work to do!!! I think I need a laptop with me 24/7 now 
Pretty high fail getting some musc #strobist stuff. Got coroplast, stores for ball bungie and gaffer tape both closed  #photo
@orjan_nilsen Wish I could GO  Gotta wait ... hm... 1,2,3 more years!
's blackberry is bent where you plug in the charger. Got to get it reparied tomorrow. Until then, I'll chat with ya later. 
headin to bed now  Got stupid 8:30am shifts all week long.
Got badminton today  how t play sia with my nails like that ugh
Got a sore throat resulting in the almost total loss of my voice 
Got some chicken nuggets, hot mustard + gonna curl up with tivo + a beer since my baby is not hereeee 
Just woken up...anyone got tips for puffy eyes?! LOL. Gotta go running in like an hour 
Got a haircut, so hungry! and I need to study for a maths exam tomorrow before I can eat 
Got physics exam tomorrow.... Its going to be probably the last physics exam of my life... 
Gotta gotta go to work; then I have to babysit until 9:30 
Got a busy day again , im goin 2 the hospital now 
Got science exam results, did okay;90% didn't past my average. I'm a little sad about that 
Got a kidney infection.. feel sick and i have pains in my back, side and stomach  proper hurts.. formula 1 on friday though (Y)
Gotta get off my nice comfy couch into the freezing cold to pick up ash from work 
Morning everyone!  Got lots to do today and don't wanna do it 
Got rained out of my ride last night  @YRMagAllieG was brave and went to a horse show in that rain... and she won lots of ribbons!
Needs a coffee terribly bad. Gotta attempt to fix a project this morning...no idea how. 
I think that there are immature people everywhere. Gotta  deal with it...ugh 
No dentist for me today. Gotta wait another 2 weeks 
Gotta clean the table with the motorcycles   &quot;is every godamn women in this godamn hellhole out of their godamn mind?/no sir! Were j ...
@lauraily  Thats not good to hear. Got nothing to cheer urself up with/others to cheer u up?
Going in @ 2:30 today. Gotta make the most of time left but not sure what I should do. TV I guess....ugh 2:30 
just got home from a hard day's work.  Gotta go run now, don't want to because I was on my feet all day and they hurt     .:tears:.
It's only tuesday evening and i'm knackered!! Got too much on this week and i just wanna sleep 
Man, this suck. Gotta work till 11 tonight &amp; be back tomorrow @ 7 am. 
Just found out am not gonna be here for fathers day  Gotta get him something extra special**
@johannajoie I've been babysitting three babies all day, I'm surprised I'm awake haha. Gotta be up early for the gym 
I've gotten my haircut 2 times in 2 weeks,I was having hair issues! Got 'em resolved now,but can upload my new do to show ya'll,sorry! 
fuck it im too hot and tired its bed time. Gotta work at 745 am 
Got a new guitar today. Les paul, however there was a lil dmg on it from shipping.. 
@MissD757 sorry homie I had to roll. Got alot of work to do 2nite 
@xKimster You were gettin it! I had fun too! I couldn't jerk in my skirt  lol. Gotta have more nights like that haha.
Got like 7th place in the pub quiz...epic fail 
GEtting ready for bed, Gotta work at 8am 
Is up way too early  ... Got fire training today, learning how to use a fire extinguisher. Surely you just point and squeeze :p
Got 2 admit: 1 of my least favorite activities = watching my damn words.  But is a worthwhile 1 @ times, I know. (..is helpful 2listen 2.)
No baby just yet...not sure how long it's going to be, so I had to head home.  Got work in the morning and I can't afford to call in.  
WOW having an iPhone is like my goal in life! But i'll never be able to afford  Gotta get a job 1st. It probably helps out in the long run
@SteKeyz ... Got my passport sorted huni... its jst the modeling job i was supposed 2 do this wkend, they mite not need me nemore 
It rains  Got to pack and go to the gym today then a night on the tiles with my fave journalists in the whole world!
Got a major headache today, not sure how I'm gonna get through the day, can't even think coz of the pain 
I should specify: he was project manager for a custom home renovation company. Got an offer 2 months ago but has yet to get a start date 
@caitymay Not 4 me, 4 1 of the reps @ the company I work for  Got ur msg, but was too knackered 2 phone back. Not home til midnight 2night
Just had lunch with debbie . Got 2 get the kids from school soon 
@ChocoboDancer YAY! I just started my next one last night. Got the first purple stripe done but I'm out of beige. 
Got ya, bummer  I will definitely be game next time
is packing and cleaning. Gotta head home tomorrow 
Wow that one large coffee from the grocery made me this jitter? Gotta get my body chemistry right 
Gotta study for exams today. Science tomorrow 
Got new paramore poster &amp; stuff. They didnt have the mcfly one thats on the hmv website  going to dads now 
Got ready for work in ten mins. Looking busted  ehh
I want!! Gotta wait till I get home though 
Gotta do some school work now, eventhough I don't want to, but I have to 
Got booted from the chat  can't get back in .. I guess that means it's lunch time !
Going to the city tonight for supper with some friends...  Got to get dressed up, no jeans allowed.. 
Got proper ram shanked at golf 2nite  had to stuff face to get over it.
UGH. Why am I ALWAYS SO TIRED? Got nothing done today, as usual... 
@xirclebox My ipod touch broke  Gotta get a new one http://myloc.me/4d0u
Just got home and am gonna sleep now! Gotta wake 5 hours later omg  - http://tweet.sg
Got out of class a little early tonight. I will be spending the rest of the night reading for my 'reading exam' tomorrow. No fun 
had a great workout for the second time today and really tired!!! 6miles aint as easy as it sounds!! Gotta njoy time wit ron b4 he leaves 
Got a killer sunburn doing the summer reading project. It hurts all the time. 
Gotta go to work tonight.  it's not bad. Only six hours but this whole day has been just enough to screw up my whole scedule
thinkin sleep sleep please come. Got busy day ahead of me 
@mcscribe bro @ my aunty's family service, her sister (my aunty) had a heart attack &amp; died ryt dere  but datz life eh Gotta keep on movin
Got my hair butchered today &amp; cried like a baby for a few hours. Getting extensions tomorrow to try and fix it 
I think my body might revolt on this triathlon training... Gotta be up early for chiro too 
Getting ready for bed. It's my last night sleeping in my bed for a loooong time  Gotta hit the road in the morning.
14 hour shoot in the 100 degree heat has taken it's toll on me. Got 6 more days like this coming up 
Gotta wake up early tomorrow again...too bad I just wanna get drunk! 
It was a nice run but all good things must come to an end. Got thrashed in the sportsbooks tonight 
Got up an hour later than i should have, oops. I miss handjob 
Gotta go pay some bills now.. I seriously need some sleep 
Getting ready for school. Gotta go in non-uniform as i've got blood brothers trip. Gotta stay in school for first 2 periods 
day 1 of 9  train is late! Gotta feelin its gonna b 1 of those days
Gotta wake up at 530 am for my grandmas 40th day death anniversary  I couldnt even tell you how much I miss my grandma but
Gotta suspend my yoga account for another 2 months  I miss hatha1 heaps already..
Gotta tooth ache... On my way to the dentist... 
Got my baby's pre school testing today... Where have the last four years gone? 
Got mac lustre drops yesterday, a bit disappointed to be honest  in other news i'm off to get my nails done
Got a few things off my chest I feel a lot better! I hope she isn't mad 
@ladebelle so I jinxed myself n my shit doesn't update. It crashed the wireless so I Gotta try again sunday  whack!
Gotta pay the internet bill  So now ima just be on my blackberry
Late night, late start. Gotta condense my a.m. routine into 35 min. Awww 
@crfalls yup! Gotta work at both of em today and I really don't feel like it 
Got soaked through in the bloody rain  Not good, in pjs at 4pm now tht is good lol!
Gotta work down at the chicken houses... Ugh! I hate it! 
Raining the day  Got chased by a man in his car on the way back from school :-p So funny
Leaving the computer.. Gotta choose a recipe to take to my french class, it's my homework, actually... gotta choose AND translate one... 
Got work experience for 2 weeks, no fun 
Kind of upset &amp;&amp; feeling like i dont know who my friends are. time to get it together  Gotta move on Gotta be strong 
Got my school awards ceremony tonight and the procedure sounds awfully complicated. It's the last time I'll be in school properly though 
Gotta work today  but its payday
Got no gift to give my dad for fathers day &amp; no money 
Got problems with my stomach while reading twitter article in times magazin 
Waiting at the bus stop. Gotta go to school  the parental signed me up for summer classes 
@LToya818 I know! It sucks  Gotta go thru a bunch of bull now...
Got no gift to give my dad for fathers day &amp; no money  What can i do?!
Gotta run sometime today 2day 
2 months with my baby. Gotta shower and shave, then going to the cheesecake factory. She leaves me for a week tomorrow 
Such a busy day in work today. Got a delivery of 50 boxes compared to the usual 7 or 8 
Got quite a few things done today.  About to get outta here and go to work.  
is releshing from a long day in the sun. Got bit by a horse fly today 
I want the iphone so badly.  Gotta wait until august though. 
Just a lil over 400 pounds on the leg press today! Got damn I'm hurtin!!!! 
time for bed. Got to be up and painting again in about 6 hrs time 
Got the monitor, backlight's shot - returning tomorrow and getting a different one off newegg 
Ugh, shitty day...got absolutly nothing done. Got another migraine, eyeballs hurt, can't get any rest...or anything else for that matter. 
Gotta step my twitter game up. I don't even have 100 followers   come on ppl I'm actually quite interesting lol
sports day tomorrow @ maywood , early morning again - LOL   Gotta get to bed soon, after the night we had last night haha love you three.
... Tired. But still up for some reason.  Gotta get up early... must sleep//.
Feeling extremely lazy today. Gotta pick up dog shot now 
@darklycute You are converting me to soya milk, gah! Got so used to it on my cereal in the morning, milk tasted funny on it today 
Got a headache  Trying to drink as much water as I can. Don't want a headache at the swedish midsummer party tonight
PC is on a go slow this morning, maybe that was abducted with me! Got a feeling it could be one of those days 
Gotta sleep nao because of the medicine 
@lesleh We so better, I haven't done it either. Neither have a lot of people. I'm off to get ready now. Gotta walk  laters Lesleh! XD
Going to have such busy day &amp; hope get 2 enjoy some of this lovely sun 2.Got parents coming @ w/end 4 3 weeks,oh joy,cleaning 2 b2 done 
Still awake. Gotta be at work in 3 hours 
Bout to go to practice. Gotta do a whole lot of conditioning  but it will pay off later
Weekend is almost here! Gotta do my homework. 
Got waaay too drunk last night  ow
Got to get some stuff done before work today but have no motivation 
Got a call my son vomiting in the wee hours of the morn may have to bring him to the e.r. not good when you wake up to bad newz 
Got a phonecall from the police, someone broke into my car 
Hoping for a quick day today...  Got a little boy who woke up before me and was devastated that I had to go to work this morning 
Got bitten by a red ant or fire ant or whatever they're called! It stung and itched and everything all at the same time! Not very nice. 
Got bitten or stung by a red ant or fire ant or whatever they're called! It stung and itched all at the same time! Not very nice. 
Got an email about something happening at noon today just now.  I thought it was 3 or 4 o'clock already 
Got all in my kitchen *happy*. had a fun afternoon, now I have to clean up everything 
Gotta eat lunch alone today 
Gotta clean my room before going to the party 
Haven't had a chance to hook up my page yet. Got too much work to do. 
Gotta get some work done before I he'd down south to see the girls. No dinner with a boy tonight 
@DeeSobek A net monitor is something that I've not needed until tonight  Gotta go out now, I'll ping you if I find one that's good.
Gotta get ready for basketball, won't be back til like 3 30 
I only slept 8.5 hours and I feel like I slept 12. Not a good feeling. Gotta go to bed earlier. we'll be slammed @work tonight for sure. 
Yay! Got some rocky mountain spotted fever and swine flu exposure today... 
Got covered in fibre glass fixing body work  oh the joy that is my life!
Got called into work already... This is going to be a fun weekend.. 
Got 1.5hrs before phone rang and woke me up 
Not feeling well   Couch, bed, couch, recliner. Gotta be better for tomorrow.
Got my tetanus shot and flu shot...n my finger pricked for anemia....the finger prick hurt the most. 
Aw  Gotta go to bed in all this excitement,well....cya ~NANONINE
Got a parking ticket!!! Sucks  http://tinyurl.com/lt7ens
Got in a car wreck today   hurting SO bad from it from my neck, lower back, and right hand
Gotta love summer break, full of work, work, work 
I need to sleep! Gotta work @ 9:30am 
I can't spend another day not leaving the house. Got work at 4, meh 
Got woke up....   Took something, and should be going back to bed shortly....
@Curlyminx At the dentist for 90 mins. Got an infection in tooth &amp; gums  Put a medicated filling on. Got to take antibiotics &amp; ...
Gotta go guys wilk be back in an hour on my laptop! @honeyjune once again sorry sis! 
ohmyohmyohmy - no gym for me  Gotta see a doctor about a foot 
Just got up! Got till 4 off then massive busy shift in work 
can't believe how much money she's spent today  Now off home to make cheesecake. Got natural yogurt, hoping it's like fromage frais :S
It sure is nice to chill out and hang out at home the whole day. Now back to sleep for a bit. Got a headache. 
Got tix to Mets game today but unfortunately I think its going to be rained out 
My glasses got bent somehow.  Gotta get them readjusted.
@jonniker Hugs.  I'm sorry. I so know how it feels. Is she about 3mos? Both mine did that ~3mos. Got super fussy at the boob for ~a week.
on my 1st break... Got a tummy ache 
@komplettie hard  tried vlc &amp; mpc. Got the eps from a friend and didnt vet them before hand 
Got a lot on my mind right now with everything going on 
@robertdehart sadness  we never Got to hang man. I better be on ur top ten things to do when u get back
Gotta love sitting in the back of the plane with strangers. So jealous of the girls. One of you has to re-see the proposal with me! 
I dint get permission to sleep..  Gotta wait longer to get some rest
Got some great food at the farmer's market today. Doesn't look like I will be having homemade pizza tonight though 
Got to c phillip tonight, he goes back to zimbabwe tomorrow  he will be missed!!
We seem to be back up. Got taken down by something related to our recent server move -- no word from @mediatemple as to *what* exactly. 
is tired and sleepy...only had few hours of sleep.  Gotta take a nap soon, got headache   ~ so hot &amp; sunny outside..
I'm weeping now   Got a birthday party to go to in 20 minutes.Looks like I'm going to miss qualifying
Gotta love it when last minute changes happen after you set up half the stage 
Got a 97 on my English final!!!! Got A's in both of my classes but I still have that dirty A- from last mod bringing me down....... 
@emberinthedark I'm sorry. As for me tonight, I think I'll stay in and get some sleep. Got 3 hours last night. 
Gotta go to bed... I need energy for father's day, only it's kinda grandfather's day for me cos my daddy's away 
Currently feeling sheepish.  Got cocky ghost riding a bike, and fell.  5 band-aid minimum.   But I think I'm gonna try it again anyway!
Got bit by sometin  dont kno what but it hurrrtttss
Got in trouble I don't know how tho... Y dosent my mom like him he's perfict every thing I ever wanted and some 
@Storkdok Got 2 patients, one with crazy parent. 45 minutes of sleep made me not so brilliant on rounds 
Got to love being up all night ill. I'm up even before the birds and the sheep (am in the countryside), this sucks 
@LangleyStar I think gettin gettin glammed up a help me feel better. Gotta shake this tomboy ish. I been feelin so sick lately 
Gotta find a new guild this week when I get home from vacation.  Not sure I'll find something without transferring.
Got to work mornings this whole week at work   8am till 4pm mostly everyday.
Got that whop ass caugh agin. this shit is killing me maira 
Got out of work near 10 minutes late. I know it could be worse, but that's 10 minutes of my weekend I'll never get back. 
Got many things to do these days. No time to come online 
Gotta smack myself for missing out on the listening party for fashawn I know that shit had to been dope 
Gotta eat - cooking for one is no fun 
Got me a 16gb flash drive today.  A lil bit of regret that I didn't spring for the 32gb 
Gotta get up and tidy the house now 
Got a headache so bad that painkillers have had no effect - feels like somebody is knifing my eye! 
craaaazy night! Gotta work in da morning!  NIIIIIIGHT!
@kristi04 yeah not bad, two more this week then done. Got sick though, and now I can't talk 
Rains come home. Got drenched in the first monsoon showers. Missing a ciggi-stick 
Got the hiccups and can't sleep!!! Gotta be up early. Stupid opening shifts 
Got a banging headache after the wedding yesterday, wicked guiness  now the 250 mile trip home 
@Alchey Mornin' chica! Got mor of my tat done last night. Or should I say......this morning! Got done at 4am  
Got two major pieces of work to finish by the end of the day. 
Gotta go round my nan's in a bit  x
Mentally preparing myself for 5 days of gray, rainy weather. Gotta love waking up on the first day of summer to a torrential downpour... 
Got 5 hours of sleep and can barely stay awake atm 
Gotta get breakfast, a shower, and find out prices for the zoo. Looks like possible rain today...also cooler temps? Next week hot tho. 
Got the whole family over for lunch today .. I really don't like big family gatherings 
Got up early to make my dad the best breakfast ever, to find that he was leaving to take his friend to the airport 10 minutes later. 
Got seriously two hours of sleep.  curse you sleep insomnia!
Got home at 4 am...fuckin bus 3 miles away from the gig, feet are in bits...think me toe is broke from the prodigy haha And i sobered up 
goodmorning.... Gotta get ready for work. I hate opening on weekends... I miss my old schedule 
Feeling knacked. Got homework to do but don't think I can get it done  will get mum to write a wee note =]
@SuppaKid hey you showing everyone your house man...Got me missing home 
Ugh up early! Gotta wrk til 630 then fastin til my test tomorr!  you never miss solids til your told you can't have em!
@voodooexp2009 I know!  I was gone all day/night and phone died around 10... Got home at 1am to see contest over. I will pay better att'n!
just finished a book I started last night... I'm gutted  Got to wait until tomorrow until I can buy the 3rd one in the series
Gotta get ready for work 
@tinybabybolster and @hockjeen: I am! But it'll be another two more weeks until I am home. Got work commitments so cannot go home yet. 
My son has the worst luck with bugs. Got a horrible bite today. No wonder he hates playing outside 
Got a little drunk last night and had to b in wrk first thing,never drink on a school nite...not good 
Got home too late and missed all the golf  time to relax!
Gotta get my tax returns done this week - hate bloody paperwork...especially when I've gotta get up at the crack of sparrows! 
I need followers,, someone give me a chance im kinda loanely and upset. Got in a fight with my bestie, we arent friends anymore.  advice?
No more masturbating for awhile.  Gotta minor sprain in my right wrist 
@Baddb0ydre ya I suppose I can throw you a mill or so. And no I'm not goin bowlin tonight. Gotta save my moneys 
Got a rental car but wishing I wasn't a retard who forgot her house keys, and chris is in class 
Got pizza to celebrate #iphone win; turned in front of a guy, misjudged his speed; got the finger &amp; the horn, multiple times  #RoadRage
Got a very early start tomorrow so have to call it a night already. 
Oh this job of mine... Got errands to run and my girls heading to egypt today 
Morning yall. Gotta go back to work later  I wish I could just coach basketball for a living. I think that's my next goal to chase...
Got a bunch of texts this morning from people mad at me as if i did drunk mistakes late night. Didnt even drink, What the hell 
@peltypoo  I can't believe your actually gone! Gotta admit im kind of sad 
Got some exciting news today  but can't say anything about it  but it will be good times again when it happens 
@JackKk_ Sucks dont it.  boo. Gotta eat a curry 2moz tho, not a good start.
In car on way home from gym. Really tired. Got loads to do when get home, cant wait 
http://twitpic.com/87stl - Got congrats from publix baby club &amp; sears. Too bad he's dead. 
Putting plaintext data into a database for a freelance project. Got to insert 300 rows manually, regex won't be able to save me this time 
Getting myself off to bed now.  Gotta take my baby girl for her injections in the morning 
@MzVivacious aww you miss choir rehearsal? I miss new beginnings a bit.  Gotta stop being an occasional member Lol
@lulifabregas I went to college, then spent the whole day studying. Gotta get use to this since it's what I'll b doing until next tuesday 
Got sent home from school today with a 101 degree fever 
Finally on my way home. Gotta hit  the sprint store to replace my palm pre 
Getting ready 2 go 2 bed. Gotta b up at 3am 4 work. 
Got school in the mornin then laundry n a dentist appointment  hopefully my sunburn turns into a tan soon 
@JerCurr23 I'm broke right now. Gotta save my pesos because i graduate this year. 
is off to bed! Gotta get up early (6 am) to drop off kendra! 
4AM showers are intresting. I shouldn't be up  Gotta wait for hubby to come home. I'll be hearing birds outside soon...
Got news last night that one of my brightest rays of sunshine at work will be leaving me, no fair 
Got a hair cut and it looks funny this morning because I am too tired to straighten my hair in the morning. 
has an inset day and is sat in the sun hopefully getting a tan. Got the presentation tonight  (N) &lt;3
Ahh all those lovey dovey dramas are making me cry. AAAHH! I want a man like that too.  Got the hillsong tickets.
Thats it,break time over.Got2go bk2wk now. 
Got tonight's dinner in the crock pot to cook all day. It'll be too hot to use the oven or stovetop; should break 100 degrees later 
Got to give my blackberry back next week, meaning no mobile tweets  Need a wap enabled phone with sim on pay as you go &amp; cheap mb's
Got through to kdwb for jonas meet and greets...had to guess a number....didn't guess right 
Is soooo pissed at apple and AT&amp;T... Got the new update and still can't send pics  gotta wait till late summer!!!!!!
Gotta go to work soon..looks like im takin' my paretns car since mine decided to die on me this morning 
Fracture clinic was a waste of time really. Having a scan on it next week. Got 2 start exercising it too 
@FoamingBBQ I had to read it last semester.  By &quot;read&quot; I mean skim for keywords and read online outlines.   Got an A too 
Got the vocals done! now time for the best part: the music track or bed! whichever you wanna call it lol 
Got up to work online, but I don't feel well so just surfing the internet listing to gospel music, hope morning is more enlightening....  
About 1/2 an hour before I bring the program to an end ... Got a little something for you.  http://www.wlrn.org
Got the tube at peak hour &amp; got a seat?! wooh! Stupidly/dilariously happy at that... how sad lol 
Got a &quot;thing&quot; for doctor chics. 
Got work experience at radio 1 thanks to @sra and ben cooper 
@SamJones_71 I've been looking at your tweets, you really have some gr8 info there! Gotta go back and read all of them w/the links! 
@Energized Gotta get them started on the business casual wear early. 
@AuntieCelene I think I'm going to try making those newspaper thingies this year.  Got a lot of herbs to grow!  
Just woke up! Gotta get ready &amp; go to class! 
Just came back from shopping and running errands.Girls will be in bed soon.  Then will watch a dvd. Got 5 for $5, so lots to pick from 
Got home from concert. playing hide n seek 
Got out of the motorcycle class a little bit ago...  damn there is too much info to remember all at one. gotta study! We ride tomorrow! 
Off to bed now. Gotta get up early to have breakfast with some lovely people 
Just cashed some paychecks...  Got some mad bank  Aroundddd.  I need plans till Tkirk comes in!
Got back from work then went shoppin woop 
What a beautiful day. The sky is an amazing shade of blue &amp; the trees have brillant green buds! Gotta love spring!   
@BJMendelson Got one but it's in spanish... haven't updated my english blog in a while... / I wanna go ooooooout 2nite!!! 
Such a blessed day!!! Got to spend quality time with my favorite people, help someone move and now shopping. 
Got for the record watchingvit love u britney u do love yr fans 
FINALLY home. Gotta do some schoolwork. But since it's still early-ish, there's hope for some writing later on. 
Got my first dance show rehearsal this afternoon  fun fun.
Got ready with my personal blog site  please check and comment thx http://dezsopapp.com/
Gotta be up early to play #drums tomorrow at @VWCAZ ... 1st time in our new building! ... I'm pumped!  ...nite tweeters.
I'm deciding to either get a bath or just watch the scrubs marathon on comedy central.  Gotta be scrubs.  The bath can wait 
Has just woke up and come straight on here Lol  Got alot to do today before I go back to college tomorrow  xxxxxxx
Dressed myself again this morning.  Got coffee and bagels for breakfast.  Kids are screaming up and own the hall... feels like home 
Gotta go rescue @dynila from my child... poor lady had a sleepover birthday party... probably ready to get rid of the extras now 
@melcoach Have a safe flight home! Looking forward to a catch up in your neck of the woods soon. Got lots I'd love to talk to you about 
just had the most relaxing spa ever. Gotta enjoy the last day of holidays... 
baby bump is showing a lot. Got the first &quot;is this your first baby&quot; question, just based on my belly and no prior convo. 
Me and my little brother have to do 2papers runs tommoro becausec were releaving for some one. Gotta go to bed now.night every one. 
im home,so stuffed now....Gotta make luches and clean some more......wish i had chocolate 
@kfitzpatrick - all i gotta say is that sticky notes still rock  (via @kmartino) Gotta agree! The physical board thing was so helpful.
@candice202 yeah we're going to be doing it a lot more... Gotta find a recipe for energy 
Got up at 0700... these are the days I'm glad that I only work 4 days a week. 
@Antoniablue  Got the shorts and flip flops on.. Bring it on. 
Got a random italian guy staying with me for the week, fun times 
Car show was really good but was knackered yesterday.  JUst went for a walk in the afternoon.  Got lunch with outlaws and dad today 
Got my limited edition marc jacobs- daisy today! Ahhh! I &lt;3 itttt! 
Got me some shades for the sun today. I don't care if i'm in the office... i'm wearing them all day! 
Leaving work soon. Got to visit a couple of people, maybe, just maybe a bit of pokertime this afternoon, at least I hope so 
@nearlyneutral Got your text, btw. I'd love to hang out in the afternoon today.  Just give me a text whenever you want to swing by.
Got phone, loved phone, modded phone, broke phone. Cursed phone, googled phone, fixed phone - happy 
Night guys back to normal tweets now  kids b-day party today! Gotta sleep soon, after movie :p
Hey girls! Just checking on phone! Gotta run, gotta lot 2 do 2day! 
@r27 thanks for the retweet, mate. How are you doing today. Got some time to relax? 
Gotta work today 
Trying to figure out how my husband is twittering during his class! This proves just how A.D.D. he really is! Gotta love him  &lt;&gt;&lt;
@shepbh6 ar thx  Hows your weekend going? Got some sun?
@djfelipeavelar yo hit me up brotha! Got some news  get at me on the text dude haha
Just woke up... Gotta wash my work uniform and working on the school's site 
@cg_2001 THANKS! I adore this track! Got me dancing already!  ? http://blip.fm/~5fkpy
My two year old just fell out of bed.  Gotta' go.   
@ummtravis You're welcome. Gotta pay attention to some of those points on my own blog 
Got up to use the bathroom and read all those twitters! Hopefully ill get to talk to more followers and even get more? 
Gotta work in an hour. my ears are still ringing. oh and i want to sleep for another 10 hrs  hope yall have a great day!
@ninh Actually go ahead without me. Got up at 4am this morning and 400 miles are just hitting me. We've got 5 days! 
@jeremydallas - What? No msg waiting on me? I know, it's only one game. Gotta run, kitchen floor is dirty... I need to go buy a 'broom'. 
// Just cut my old skinny jeans into shorts, boo for the summer. Got tanner already, yeah for having mucho melanin. 
Loved today @thebamboozle.   Got to see demi and I stereo skyline, &lt;3
http://twitpic.com/4iy31 - Gotta have the drop top in so cal 
Got to go to my grandpa's 86th birthday shindig.    Absolutely exhausted after a weekend at home!
Got to sit in the new camaro today at the chevy dealership.  It was very cool.  If anyone wants to buy me one, you can pick the color.  
Gotta go tweeps, got a mall to go to, and an orientation to attend. be back laterr...  byerz!
@allyouzombies Ah, now I see the flaws in my assumption. I suppose that's why one shouldn't assume things  Gotta love all the $ for books!
Got a lot of things to do hehe daya sa mga walang ginagawa 
Is on her way home bk to civilisation. Got my ipod bak  carnt wait for home x
@cassusriff Yes! I feel the same.  I've still got lots in boxes.  It's so fun though.  Got to my new place yesterday.  
@marnixtfn Ahahahah, hello to you and welcome on twitter ^^ Got the hang of it already?  xx
Got home from audition awhile ago. I think it went pretty well  Now my math homework is calling my name -.-'
Got my attics w sadie art work included  good times just broke my head phones bad times still happy buy attics!
Averaged $31 per hour at work today! Gotta love holidays 
@reinamexicana garcia bend- learned that lesson last night! I thought i was gonna throw up! Got our tix for fashion show at end of mo. 
Gotta be at church by ten for camera meeting  Finally!! =D lol
@stellery Thanks!  Got tired of bleaching it. The, um, bangs there... yeah they are actually a bit purple &gt;_&gt; oopsie.
@jholden23 we'll test that theory  with no right arm to strum with.  Got a feelin I'll be humming my new tunes for a while 
Gotta get creative with these mothers day gifts. I'm gonna win them over with my love!! 
whats new with xtine? Got my hair done today  ,waiting for jerry,work at noon tomorrow,currently reading &quot;he's just not that into you&quot;
it rained.  i'm glad i'm spared from getting all soaked on my way to church. Got by without an umbrella. and yeah, I prayed before I left 
Got some tasty pasta thingy for lunch, and watching the F1  awesome
Got a txt from my brother saying he's taken a photo of my ideal reg plate. What could it be? Probably looser. He's nice like that 
Wow. The next day. At church right now. It ended at 4 and in the car there was a very nice session with my date and I. Gotta wake now tho 
@BuzzEdition Indeed. Got it out on thursdag, sadly - weather has not been good enough to take a ride. But I'm here with friends so I'm ok 
Whoo! saved my file  Got a test intro. Got an idea for touching it up a tad when it comes production time, but til then. Yaaay 
@Waves313 I'm a hot mom (@mnufoundme) Gotta brag on myself cuz no one else will 
@djvinceadams Thanks darling. Gotta get the word out!! 
Ahh pain in back going away.... Gotta love the percocet 
Is watching &quot;trick my truck&quot;... Then time for bed... Gotta go to the shop again tomorrow 
It's a good day! Got my new &quot;mac&quot; workstation and the nuggets are in the  conference finals... It's business time 
Finally back home.  Got 90% of the nursery done...4 rooms almost down! 
Just sold more cards to my wonderful client  Gotta get busy making more cards and tags now.
Got a coffee, eaten a donut, prepping for my appraisal, it's a good day so far 
Got all I need at the office  now the English test in 10 days and I can oficially apply for the masters degree! 
And it's a wrap! Got some kick ass shots so I'm a happy camper. Now some bday shopping for my mothers bday 
@tmdwrbs When cop saw my Spirit 106 bumper sticker at the time &amp; recognized my voice. Got nice warning to slow down &amp; met a fan 
Off on my monthly one day 500mi trek for a meeting. Got coffee AND I am driving away from the rain! 
On a sugar rush.  Two more weeks until the next one   Gotta eat healthy inbetween 
Nothing to do. Gotta go.. nites everyone 
@woolnoir Ah yes, that work thing, terribly time consuming and over rated. Gotta earn those beer vouchers though 
Got cooking stuff- making bread  Not long left at school now! How Is everyone?  xxx
Gotta get Amberlicious 4 yall 
@JustBon4 Got you three, too.  I like that, too. Getting tired of the stuff being available, then gone.
@simonmainwaring Aww thanks!  Got the tweet from @nickb and was like.. woah must spread the awesomeness 
@MoroseDuck non existent plot, but amazing fun exploring  Got to the top of the tower yet? Getting all the orbs was a great feeling
Got a pete wentz bass and gonna get it signed 
Gotta interview in two hours  to work in the mall 
Gotta work out today 
@NinaCruz927 c u friday nite!!!! And thursday if u go !? Gotta go seee my fave girl work that pole lmao 
Got my nails did today by my maaaamy, hot pink maaaan 
Got to chill with my baby girl today it was fun like usual 4 months strong ! Many more months to come  love you baby 
Got credit!!! And free texts woohoo!!!  have yourselves a nice day 
Got a huge week ahead. Tons to do, so little time. Bring it on! 
Got back from donating some books and meeting oh so someone! 
I'm in a really good mood today. I melted my lipstick with vaseline and vanilla and it's awesome! Got more contest entries too. 
Gotta memba that my tooth brush is downstairs!! 
@mikecj Thanks. She will. I think it is just typical rite of passage of being a kid. Gotta build up that immune system. 
Got my new cycle http://www.osta.ee/7776163 happy as hell 
Got carried away w/ sending emails all weekend &amp; almost nervous bout replies.However I'd be more nervous if no 1 replied!That'd b stress! 
Got a bit of jellyfish on on this #music monday 
Like 4-5 people at my school are preggers. Gotta love dem small town whores 
@lambonica I'll be up to see you in a little bit. Gotta buy a book. 
Ahh trashy daytime tv. Gotta love come dine with me 
Got a lot done in her yard yesterday 
Home safe and sound in bed. Wow what an adventure! Gotta do it again! 
Got my fill of some george lopez now its time for bed  night twitter world
Got some drawing in, I'm about 2 go back to sleep my times are all mixed up now, yesterday really threw me off today's a good day to rest 
Its time to get this body of mine in shape!!! Got up at 6.30am &amp; went for a bike ride - feeeelllinnnggg greeeeaaattttttt 
Even if ur over 40, u might like my #music. I'm over 40 &amp; I like it.  Gotta keep movin' forward not hangin' n the past.http://is.gd/A9ex
Got attacked by sun at graduation ceremony. Have now discovered that hands have freckled. I fscking love my skin! 
@shanitomorrow Not everything - just a penny arcade (tacky gifts and cufflinks) - maybe #cake! Got email - everything is good! 
@kittencaboodle Thanks  Got your email btw, thanks for the thought 
It's alright ...... my ego got a bit carried away there ....... now back in control - phew! Got a bit scary there for a minute 
Feeling amazing this morning. Got a great night of sleep. And dont seem to have a care in the world right now! And thank god its friday. 
Got asked to stay an extra hour at work, so I was like, ok! 
Gotta do 4 hours tennis coaching today, should be fun as long as weather stays good. 
on the bus. Got a lie in today  finish at 3, short day. 
Gotta love a short work day before I long holiday weekend! 
@7son75 Most definitely! Took the day of work though. Gotta mow the lawn and run a ton of errands. I will be around tho I am sure. 
Got hair dne and so glad i did  the hairdresers is like 30secnds frm the house hehe i cnt w8 to b wth u again buba i love u so much xoxoxo
gettting ready to paint my kitchen today. Got the living room done yesterday. a pretty aqua blueish color 
@claymuse woo hoo! Gotta take the 4yo to preschool then it's smooth sailing for mama here 
 had a nice afternoon nap. Gotta get ready quick to get my lil rascal from school and go to play station ! 
just finished dinner. Gotta do post-production on my next song  http://plurk.com/p/vhrs7
Workout went well. Been at my desk with coffee in hand for about 45 minutes now. Got good news: boss is working from home. 
outrage_designs@chorale lol tis a designers eye to pick things up lololol xx  Got that one right !!! keep looking after me ok  
Today was a good ass day. Just got off work. Gotta go home and take notes. Then second final the next day 
@chris_prec13 -9pm liberty PUNK! ;) idthink @jenesaispas n pablo are going. You can invite others though. Gotta look for my volleyball 
@markhasse &quot;Supposed&quot; to be a two week case.  This is the end of week one.  Got out early today, so bought socks and saw emerg. dentist. 
Gotta get up early tomorrow to shower &amp; put gas in my car. G'nite twitterbugs! 
Got some more writing done but I'm tired, I already plan on calling out school and clean my room and relax for friday  g'night &lt;3
Got a nice muscle soreness from the past days in the fitness studio. But hey, today is refeed day 
Gotta love it when a woman calls you a &quot;dork&quot;.  
Got healthy stuff  muesli, brown rice, wholemeal pasta, unsweetened cranberry juice. also @xylokz which coles do you work at?
@xiape hi bro  thankyou both very much,, will send loads of picks!! Got her a trampoline so there will be bouncing fun 
Got to see so many good friends today  becca, brian, angela, ray, judy, dan, and jennifer. Finally hittin the hay
