Most common words for this cluster:
[('great', 1025), ('day', 112), ('night', 70), ('http', 64), ('work', 61), ('tomorrow', 61), ('quot', 56), ('time', 55), ('home', 53), ('today', 50), ('amp', 47), ('com', 34)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Great', 0.9156335592269897), (u'Antonio_Santino_emailed', 0.6274160742759705), (u'hrogers', 0.6002615690231323), (u'kingsnake_wrote_Hi', 0.5977186560630798), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.5938059091567993), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.5835855007171631), (u'Opinionist', 0.5835684537887573), (u'RSR_supporter', 0.5811045169830322), (u'Turns_Tragic', 0.574202835559845), (u'M._Chilo', 0.5731977820396423)]





The Hoyts Distribution NZ website isn't working for me. Great. And it HAS to be like this when I need it most 
went to ihop again. Great for a diet   At least there were no kung foo pancakes this time. -Rachel-
Very tired this morning - no idea why! Great start to the day 
sitting at my desk eating dinner. Great Thai but a bit of a sad situation overall 
@wgrzmarissa / Great. That'll make for a long adventurous commute! 
Think it's away to piss down!! Great!!! 
Great now my mom is sayin that i get to go to the doctors to let them check my back today!  can this day get any worse??   My love baybay
Great day in Trabuco today.Spent the morning in Aliso looking @ homes. Thinkin' I want to nap on the hamock now, but work calls. 
Between moments of greatness, good friend Pam's mom just passed.  Great woman, HUGE contributor. Changed many lives.
Lost my orders to Great Lakes.    
Omg i feel like a jerk! Great guy and all I can think of is Craigby 
Great to see A tonight. Stoked Silva won, obvs.. Too sick for the bar 
Great Easter holiday has sadly reached it's end  back to school tomorrow but on thursday It's Gothenburg and Underoath @ brew house !!!
Eating my Final Easter Egg &lt;/3 Doing Business n'all  Great Stuff
Wake up and have no idea where I am or what time it is.  Great feeling, shame it doesn't last 
@adaveyouknow Sorry...it was difficult to keep it under 140 characters. Great time had a the Hawks, right? Fell asleep at 2:00 AM 
@ThatKevinSmith Great recent podcast. Jenny McCarthy is awful. Check out http://jennymccarthybodycount.com She hates us autistics 
@johncow Oh Great... another Auto-Follow tool. We need more of those. 
I have soaked the garden, my dad, my sister and the path. Great stuff. Oops - fell in to the paddling pool face first. No so keen now 
Goodmorning! Great day yesterday. Homework day 
Just got back from #Moab. Great Jeeping but lost my wedding ring at one of our camp sites 
Great week..took those 4 days off after Easter and recharged. Now back at work  hard first day back. ok .. to bed.
@ColonelTribune The new Mc Donald's angus burger? Great. Calorie count for one will range between 720-860 calories! 
The boiler is buggered. Won't stop blowing fuses. CNt get anyone out until thurs. Great.....  
Great, something is wrong with the well.  No water this morning. Water guy is called.  
@goodenufmother morning loved your video You even have the head man talking about you. Great. Probable still wont get bag 
@sonwright Great start to the weekend! Sadly, mine is just as boring 
@Mz_K_ - Great pic!  I'm jealous... freezing in Sydney. 
Great, they've just pulled out the guitar and bongo drums. Bongo drums! Kum-ba-yah here we come. 
I'm a DNS for the Puffing Billy Great Train Race tomorrow. Disappointing but I'm not in good form at the moment, run down and ITB issues 
@lesley007 morning . Great night. Flat battery. Hung over 
Dinner was Great...But im to Full to fit in Dessert! 
@Alyssa_Milano Thats a Great Picture and wow really thats so sad 
Great so @mikesigner and @jodywagner will both be in Farmville this am and I cant see them 
At Busy Chef in Essex for breakfast while I still can. She's only open for another month   Great food, uses local! #btv #vt
Had a great day on Hampstead Heath. Great weather, will definetly go for a swim there in the summer. Now I'm bloated 
Great day to close out the visit w/ my friends that began on Apr 25. Sad to see it end!  Lots of good times and stories though.
Great kiting weather + Twisted knee + tons of coursework to do = 
Tattoos, friends, vodka, lion's den and homemade Greek food. Great day. Why must this end? 
Woke up with a raging sore throat  Great family BBQ yesterday, more decorating today
@stephenfry I miss Dublin    Great walking city.
Have to sit down and enhance a load of photos today in photoshop. Recording an action would be too easy, each one manually. Great! 
Got busy, didn't tweet yesterday   Great bike ride through Whonnock. Weekend is going waaaaay to fast!
Long weekend a lot of baseball games got rained on twice. Great church!  Momma D not doing so good today. 
Great long-weekend so far   Going for a run now - no Judo tonight  Then off to Blue Water for some &quot;Retail Therapy&quot;
Ahhhh.  It's below 60.  Great sleepin weathr but got 2 getup &amp; pull weeds.  
Great weekend in the K-Dub...round 1 of 2 overnights begins in 12 hours, see you in 3 days 
Heading to work. Suppose to be a long day. Great. 
@yoyonb87 Great movie about friendship and love! Well, this movie everytime makes me cry!  I recommend to watch it!
Havn't had my Ellen fan Club account for an hour and lost the password. Great!! 
@Katieee_b Great thanks, I'll check that out. So tired  Just want to have my notes finito by tomorrow so I can wake up &amp; practice Qs!
Great. Carpenter Bees. Never heard of them before. I just found 6 hives in my overhang.  http://bit.ly/q8w1w
Wow. Great night! Broadway for paddy and allyssas grad night and last night  now to work in 7 hours
@luke2177 He ripped my Hawks and kept telling everyone about it. Unstoppable! Great to watch....hard to take! 
Great weekend. Made some new friends at the SG party, and went to a kicka$$ show last night. Too bad I have to work today. 
I'd say something thoughtful, but I'm not feeling the best. Great birthday, (thanks baby) too much margarita and food makes Lauren sick 
Great plan Ferrari 
http://twitpic.com/4xb7n - Great day golfing w/Family yesterday! I had to just watch...back still a mess. 
Great weekend!! Missing belle house and I haven't even left yet    
Exhausting weekend. Great times, though. Passing out in my nice comfy bed. Not looking forward to work, though. 
Crying now. Great. Just fucking great.  Gramma, why'd you have to go? I miss you. 
@Arenachik I love Rose's Lime Juice! Great Idea!! They finally went away after like 30 minutes! They hurt!! 
@rickypaull I'm so sorry.  I lost my bouvier in Sept and still miss the big hairball. Love AMC! I watched it forever. Great comedy in it!
Great job @jennyvokals...u were on another level....Im not sure where they was...lol~So tired  Nite tweggies!!!
I hate the feeling of living in Brighton and the Great Escape being out of bounds 
@SilkeSchild Great can't wait!  Maybe we should leav them to it and go to the pub!
Specsavers - Argh!walk-in  for a test - yes come in no probs!Great.Then waited&amp;waited no updates.Walked out 45mins later no test!Not good 
I can't talk. Great. I feel like Ariel I just hope a Prince Erik doesn't try talking to me 
@FBA_Matt oh no! Great 
Great... Now it's raining outside. 
Great Eurovision party, shame aout the migrane- didn't make it to the end of the songs  Car shopping today tho!!!
Great Finland, it's the 1992 pop scene again! East 17 eat your heart out  #eurovision
@suziperry Great race, such a shame for Rossi 
Great. Found out that the post from last night got cut off somehow.Delete the blog post; will have to work on it again today 
What a Great Weekend, back to PEI tomorrow  but only 4 sleeps til I come home again and 4 weeks left....
Last night: Great show but disappointing.  Maybe @trent_reznor will let us watch from the stage in Irvine.
Its deff. gona be the Great Depresion part II at the 315 with out Sarah Chaves 
@DjInfamous804 good! Great actually! Almost every1s tweets today are about CODY!  lol
Great BBQ but now so tired at work... Won't be done until 9:30 
@victimofthegame N2L representin'! Great postal code! Thanks for the follow! Are you stuck in KW for #May24 like me? 
Ahhh Cold Case officially renewed. Great.  WAT probably not. sad 
Great services today but NLC Central was PACKED! I heard from someone today that came but couldn't find parking so they left 
My Great Uncle died today. its sad because now my Grandfather and all his brothers and sisters have died, its the end of a generation 
// read 2 chapters of The Great Gatsby. I only have the e-book because the King library didn't have any I could check out 
Great. Im only 60% done and stuck again. 
Just woken up, I haven't slept for over 9 hours in MONTHS, this feels so good! Great escape comedown though 
@TCC, just looked at your bird pictures. Great work. No mushroom pics?? haha. i found 2 yesterday, left em, no place 4 em on bike 
Back in miami...cant believe it is over  already saving 4 next yr...like jord said i wont b sorry! Great fucking times!!
My Honey has only been gone a few hours and I miss him already.  All for the kingdom baby. Great rewards will follow!
Computer finally broke, I think it's the motherboard!  Oh Great! 
Great. Medicine that makes me stay awake at night. While everyone else is asleep. All alone 
@buttscene he's just as adorable has he was in Jebediah. Great gig. No sign of Farnsey though 
Lost two mu-shirts plus infield sticker in the lobby of the jurys inn. Somebody just took them. Great way to start the day 
@THEREALDJCLUE Great His page is LOCKED !  thank u anyway
Great sunny weather. Missed the RVA update. It was 3 a.m. here.  My favourites where allready sold out. 
Sick... Great. 
Apparently a bird has come down the chimney but the Mrs won't look!  Great! I guess it's rubble like the other night! 
Bad sleep night-long periods of being awake. Throat sore and tonsils obviously swollen. Great-on a long weekend no less. 
Great evening out on the Bund - vacation winding down   http://twitpic.com/5p1z4
@deluzione Oh I am just need to get my freelance site up. I don't like how things are run here.  Great company, just not compatible...
Just away to start at Asda. 5-10. Great ! 
Just away to start at Asda. 5-10. Great !  http://bit.ly/15m4YT
Hooray Bank Holiday weekend &amp; guess who's working tomorrow until 1pm???  Great, NOT!!! 
@ComedyDeathRay Great show so far! Surprise guest @EugeneMirman just took the stage!! -- OMG. I'm missing Eugene 
Great game - Bad ending 
Oh no, all the OTT happy,positive,world changers,spiritual enlighteners,expert,guru,mentor bullshitters are in. . . Great 
@szonjafekete  AHH Great. I was wondering!  The weather is this way at this time of year. Forecast suggested sun today--it never made it. 
@mathplourde Great news about the Sakai Fellowship.  Know how you feel about the Sakai Product Council    Great blog - http://tr.im/mKVy
Fighting with Nagios configuration.  Great tool but the config is a bit of a labour 
@umphreysmcgee Great Podcast!  I wish you guys had more Chi shows this summer.  The only times I will see you will be at Alpine  
@VAustralia flew Brisbane - Lax today.  Great flight.  Love the lights.  Shame about one drink limit though!  
Just read McDonald's is actually running more ads than before the economic slowdown. Great. I'm lovin it. 
Got my hair cut. Great.  stupid gum.
@WreckTheLaw Great write up.  Player won't start though 
@velcr0shoes Great... I'll check it when I get off work...  They block Sims at work...
Being followed by compliance.  Great.   Have to watch what I say now. 
Out with the guys playing 10 pin &amp; doing Mexican! Great combo! My bowling was not so good though  I blame it on my previous broken arm!!
Great first impressions about the little netbook- they only downside is there is no access hatch to upgrade the RAM 
@grouptweet Great service, but I find the time lag from time of posting to appearance on Twitter to be a small downer 
Back from comedy night. Great fun. It's only midnight. I'm knackered. I'm getting old 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Great. Now there's a cloud that's really, really dark grey right outside my office window. This sure has a lotta precip with it. 
Great episode guys.  Sorry I was late for the tweet time.  #s1e8.
listen'in too red light by: David Nail. Great song, but I am still upset. Stupid guys. I really like him. ? 
Great Uncle Len passed today. Funeral Monday. 
You are in my thoughts @xhalt Great Uncle Len passed today. Funeral Monday. 
@nathanlburton Great we will have tunes when you pick me up on the way to the lake. Sold ours last month. 
Great day! Now I'm sleepy and have to work tomorrow  Weekend over
Great season Nuggets...it's hard to give the lakers props so I won't....sorry Melo 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Off-line until Monday. Trekking with Grizzly again, for the Great Bustard. Camera at the ready. Oh dear, it's live firing on the range.. 
Great.  Twitter has spam applications to pass around now. 
@mfowmes Great to hear it..gawrjus here too! Bout to go for a marathon sunbathing sess! Tried that...its not makin any difference! 
On my way to my Great Aunt's funeral  on a side note, I look damn good in a suit.
Great  Working on Saturday
Who rec'd How to Knit a Wild Bikini to me? I can't find the original tweet.  Great book, though. Thanks!
Great.  Just great.  Come home from work, in a nice wee mood.  And the BBQ doesn't work 
Spent an hour and 45 mins waiting in lines 4 my physical. Great way 2 waist my morning  but then I went 2 starbucks!
Great time at the beach.  Dogs had a blast until Blissy cut her foot 
Back. Great holiday. Fab weather. But why is there no mobile signal in most of North Yorkshire?!? 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Loving the Great British weather for a change, but it's killing the turf I laid last week! 
At Great Wall China Buffet in pickering. So full! But omg scared to go outside... Looks like a hurricane or tornado storm 
@allievalder13 Great work on ur new chapter!!! Loved it! Wanted to review but couldnt log in...  I'll do it as soon as it works!
Great dinner in Little Italy with my love. Home now watching b.ball- wishing I was in Fla seeing the D.D show 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Great day at the Hennings. Hard work, amazing food, great company. The only problem, i have bug bites all over my ankles. 
Great. Someone jumped at our building. Multiple cops here, ambulance, cordoned off our back parking lot. This will be in the news 
@DavidArchie I so wanted to see Aerosmith and ZZ Top tour, but missed it   Hope to catch Heart again sometime too. Great bands!
Replaced couch, watched Sounders, catching up with friends over a drink. Great day except T and @AmesPratt are at home 
@Great1Stan gross... 
@sethg Great to chat tonight looking forward to your presentation at #twtrcon tomorrow. Sorry about your Lakers 
Great. Rain started to hit Mugello right at the end of the 250cc warmup. Freaking weather! 
Great result BGT! brother just kicked me in my eye  *by acciedent* :L x
Twitter distracted me &amp; I missed the whole of Great British Menu 
Back and refreshed from the countryside sunshine.  Great stuff.  But did have to say goodbye to a very dear little companion  #fb
Great relaxing weekend! Back to school next weekend 
Have been unwell since after lunch. Great start to day before then too. 
Great show ! Rough trip 
Great day for a church picnic! Too bad I feel like crap 
@Twisted33 Great thanks!!!! I missed u 
Great weekend!  Sad it's almost over! 
@jazzgirl4 Great, now I have Lovin' You stuck in my head... Thanks a lot  la la la la la....
Dog Mountain: 3/4 win, 1/4 fail. Great views, perfect flowers, tough hike, mom broke wrist in a fall. 
Waiting at Orlando airport...an hour til we board and the kid is already a nightmare.  Great, flashbacks from our flight last year 
Great day at the races so far, except we had a 12 yr old race get transported to the ER.  
Good night out at Imelda May, bit of rockabilly, jazz and blues. Great set of pipes. Off to bed now, 6am start 
@LoveBollywood I missed listening live  Great interview; she packs such oomph in her speech alone! Is Neelam Jewels still on Linking Rd?
Yay! No more squeaky breaks!!! But my stupid car has other problems! Great!!!!  there goes my vegas trip! :-/
Great. Some asshole threw a broken bottle into our backyard. We just finished bandaging Butters paw, the pad is cut pretty bad. 
my Great Grandmother passed this morning.. 
just got home from the Phillies party.  Great people, great fun, great time.  Will miss everyone now that the season is over.   
Great weekend. Back to reality tomorrow 
Stopped taking Propecia because it's a banned drug and now my hair is falling out.  Great.  
Mad as hell...took my online exam then couple hours later, the server dropped. Great...I got a zero 
Great weekend. Back to real life tomorrow 
Great way to start MONDAY! flat tire on my tractor at 2 a.m.!  Off 2 Winston Salem when repaired.
Great. I can't fucking fall asleep tonight. WTF. The past two nights I slept before 11 and Im no where near falling asleep. 
@bobblehats Well I did see him in Great Yarmouth. I didn't realise it was his proper home now. Bag piper was outside Primark t'other day 
Great! Now, on top of being so tired, I feel sick to my stomach 
Great sunny morning at the shore.  Too bad I have to leave today. 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
@dmilor Car is broke again  Helmsley or Suggits in Great Ayton would rock about now.
Great weekend... Back to work 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Great, another $30b of our money down the drain to GM. 
Great WE in Dunkerque/Bergues ! Shinning sun (= sunburn), blue sky, hookah, B-days and a huge part of my family :-D I'm back tonight 
Mazzer: Great idea for a lens!    I went to check it out, and many of the videos have now had embedding disabled.  ... http://bit.ly/zKFqp
Starting to taper for Boise 1/2IM on 13th. Early a.m. swim &amp; run done. Great to swim outdoors again. Paperwork, office today  Hate it.
Great afternoon on swindon @homdaum &amp; @gnashar's with @mkste. Wont see them for another 4.5 months 
@legendofzarl Great, now neither of us can go to WV without fearing for our lives from @nychus.  Way to go Pookie!  
Great run at lunch 2day, probaby run more 2night! I  want to  up my mileage again but maintain Crossfit. May have to get up earlier. 
Reason: ours didn't fit up the stairs.    Anyone looking for queen size box spring?  Great cond., good price.
Going hiking in Great Falls. Great day for it, too! Sad to be missing out on the #bacon 
Great Sunday @themeetinghouse yesterday! But today? Broken furnace. Engine light on car came on. House is a meat locker. Fighting a cold. 
@seanpaull Like all kinds of war films but favour Great War films...not so many of them about though 
@Savage1971 Great day. Met some awesome people. My phone battery hit 1 bar by early afternoon so had to stop twittering. 
Great. BlackBerryOS 4.5 software is on my phone. BB rebooted. Has been at a white screen with the hourglass spinning for 10 minutes now. 
Great...    http://bit.ly/4Inv8
Great.  The Blackberry battery is dwindling fast. At the boyfriend's house watching the Bachelorette. Tweeting may have to halt 
Great workout today =   Sore throat = 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Sooo hot today. Great day to leave office &amp; go 2 the beach. But here is no sea in Moscow 
Great point, but no Food Network?  http://tinyurl.com/foodnet
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
@tmjr3 Great game. Sorry abt it 
Great day out yesterday.. Beth Chatto garden and then lunch at Milsoms.. Now back in the office 
Watched Capote yesternight. Great acting yes, but what a tedious film! 
Great. The screen on my Mac just went black and now I can't do anything but power it off. I have a load of stuff going on 
On the plane back to Newark. Great trip. Happy to be coming home though. Pulled a muscle in my neck, slight agony 
@bethjbates Great blog post Beth! I feel your pain. Unfortunately it is not only AMEX that is taking these measures. 
@skrishna Great opportunity though.  Maybe you can cut down the number of books you read a week to take advantage? 
 Great Falls Tribune story  only talks of scouts in title. Story's theme is Be prepared when back country  traveling. http://bit.ly/8cRXR
@ktbeeper Great! so @iiKrisii is Bug, I wan't a cute nickname too 
Great! Legislation has decided that we the working class deserve a 50% increase on car tag renewals beginning september 1. 
@secularstupid Great 2 meet U! Yep! Small gov. conservative 2 the core, 1of those right wing extremists plotting to take back USA!  BHO 
@Shurikenblade Great, we have a Console Fan Triangle.   
didn't get to P90X today.  Need to work harder tomorrow.  Great   
@MGiraudOfficial Great Movie. Saw it at the drive-inn with the kiddos. Not in 3D though 
Just had dinner with my parents and said goodbye. They're headed back to CT early tomorrow. Great to see them again. Sad they're leaving 
Gators lost  maybe next year girls! Great game!! Past my bedtime. PEACE.
OMG! Me too!  I'm craving me some almonds now.... Great! @sabriebrie yay dry pasta!!
@allan_amazing Great minds! Ive been dreading 2012 since I was 18 
Long slow day ahead... Still, it has to be done. Great night last night, Woke up feeling great too. That feeling vanished with her...  xx
@Kingarthur1079 Awe man, we got ta talking &amp; neglected the music.  Great Convo tho
Swine flu is getting worse. School should be cancelled. But I want Munch Potato and Great White. 
Forgot to say - went to Great North Museum opening with @alex_mcvey and loved it...except nobody puts T-rex in the corner 
Great.. it will be raining in Prague on my birthday  (which is also the day of the Papa Roach concert)
Great. Now she's on my comp.....reading out loud whatever She's searching  i can't kick her out.....
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Tried #lolascantina last night. Food was good. Margs very good-several flavors. Great patio-no entertainment  friday/sat may be better
@muttmoxie sorry to hear about your Great Aunt 
Great .. Now it's raining 
@EricMillegan That's awesome u should be proud. I love that show. Great chemistry! Makes me laugh. Very sad about Prison Break 
Great.  Son has strep throat.  Poor kid.   I will be repeating, &quot;I will NOT get sick.&quot; for the next 3 days....
Big Brother 10 launch night: liveblog http://bit.ly/SxU9Z  (Oh Great    )
@JaySlacks Was too busy &amp; drained doing @Ubisoft Live at E3  Great E3 show excitement seems back though!
@VisitBritain Great offer. Shame it's for the California Sealife Centre. The discount won't make the trip worth while unfortunately 
Great night, lots of crazyness,unfortnately no alarms were set, didn't wake up or show up to work. Got my 1st AWOL &amp; another suspension 
-@Xyphias Break a leg! So how'd it go? Great, yeah? Sorry I wasn't there. 
@TRAINS_SPOTTING Great to hear from you T!  I don't think Idaho has the political will to compete for anytyhing other than call centers 
@chartreuseb  Cheaper to subscribe to the magazine than the website.  Great business model ESPN  
@robbieong Great profile photo!!! I lived in Alaska in the 70's beautiful, I want to return 
Great. My knee's gone out. Just in time for the weekend. 
@Karen_The_Great only ones that haven't been released yet 
Now I am pissed. Great morning, sucky night. Got to work (26 miles) and was sent home cause there isnt enough business to keep 7 servers. 
#Fishbone @fishbonesoldier are as good as ever.  Great gig but where was sunless sat ?  still, I have new FB tshirt !
After sunny days in Paris and warm weather at work....a nice rainy weekend!! Great 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Great...Boy Problems Suck!! 
Thanks for all the support everyone. Don't quite know what I'm going to do yet; son and wife's birthdays are next week. Great timing... 
Great @Ironman_Tim was instructed to go to urgent care; yet he sits and says he'll do it tomorrow. 
&quot;Oh, yeah, they're on the board...I just forgot those minatures.&quot;  Great moments in DM history.  
@yurple67 At my Great Aunt's Funeral 
Laying on Great Gram's couch with @justababy trying not to fall asleep. She's watching wrestling... 
Great night, aside from Phils loss  love dancing, friends, good times. Wedding tomorrow, the 2nd of 3 this season.
Great day despite being the &quot;slow&quot; one of the weekend... Damn I did NOT make enough merchandise! I'm near sold out of some items already 
Great great night. Ready for bed. Waiting for juno to get the Fuck off the couch and take me home  
@Shripriya Great Man, really, RIP 
@UmAlawi Plan is unfortunately to do the housework I didnt do during the week. Great big clean begins in 30 mins 
@BarryZito Tweet tweet? Are you not playing with your tweeter anymore?   Great win, nice pitching, and good-looking. ;)
Fairwell Southampton for another year! Its been Great! Good times and bad but i am feeling sad to leave 
@pollysells Great night to Party. Enjoying the spoils of a hard weeks work&lt;&lt;enjoy for me....I work  
Watching John Mayer's pre-D-bag days. Great loss. 
Great... My AIM just crashed... 
Great, I work in a pub on Saturdays, and it's going to be busy, football and horse racing. So much for a quiet shift. 
I just got some sad newws  feel like crying right now. My legend of a Great Uncle died last nite. R.I.P love u so much xxxxxxxxxx
Sat in burger king with scott and birthday boy chris. Great start to the week off apart from the rain 
1 carat diamond on no reserve Ebay auction http://tinyurl.com/ptyux7 prices are so low right now. Great for clients 
IT'S SNOWING !!! Great day for a garage sale 
@ConApps Great job on the tweets Chris! Sorry, you have to get on the plane  you aren't going to defect are you? ;-)
it a very warm morning w/ a southerly breeze in the Great st of TX... summer is on the way!! need to get some yard work done today 
Great night with Brittany, now back home and getting ready to head off to work 
Great, hundreds at Coliseum think twittering is introducing yourself on a mic at an arena.    #rosefestival
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Heyyaa .. Turkeyy=Great. Went to Hospital! 
@TheMattEvers Lucky you! Weather in the UK and turned horrible again just in time for the w/end. Great! 
Cutco, your knives are so nice and sharp! Great in the kitchen. Not great in my thumb. 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
@jamiemcflyx thats shit. Why the hell are @mileycyrus tickets so expensive. Great. Now i can't go. Totally ridiculas price! 
Great, my car broke down. It might the starter. Remind me never to buy american cars again. I miss my Mitsubishi Eclipse. 
Don't get me wrong, I love the M's...but, is nice to see my other fave team w/out MLB live.  Abll 4!! Great!  
Is back from a shit weekend only to find out she can't see Tom tomorrow which made her feel even shittier. Great. 
Went to get the mail. It smells like more rain. Great.... 
Busy swimming all day. Headed home. Great day other than no Dustin! 
Chillin - just ordered pizza and about to drink some wine. Great day with J. Don't wanna leave tomorrow 
@langfordperry game 5 of the finals already!? Great! Why aren't they airing it here?...I'm from the other side of the world, bye the why 
Great. I was updating my laptop bios and it died mid install. Now its a zombie. Fuck me 
watching Great Big Sea @ The Dakota.. SO wish I'd been there!  to think I was mere blocks away when they filmed it 
@Great_Britten 
Great, something fucking up when I was patching WoW so now I can't waste time playing free 10 day trials. EVERYTHING is breaking today 
Great Rain! At 9am 
woke up too early as always... Great. Have a cold again! 
Great. Now he's mad. Killed my mood. I wanna go home 
@Great1Stan 
Great Night  360 is still broken   but oh well   for now
Great day.  Great date with Mela, Max and Ermas, and a great rocky show where people said I was a great Brad.  Hooray!  Now for work at 8 
I hear you Jenny. Great way to spend a long weekend if you are where I am!   So much work..
I can't believe we have just had a Great Spotted Woodpecker visit the bird feeder :O Flew before I could get a photo though 
Capital summer time ball sounds wicked.  Daughter going and says she'll ring me when Daniel Merriweather on Great!  Wish i was going too. 
Great night last night in the Porterhouse. Lost my phone though 
not happy about missing the Great Lakes Surf Battle 
Recital 2day...hoping it goes better than rehearsal   Great day!  Got the dogs walked this am.  Finally seeing end of laundry mountain!
Great weekend, BBQ, Camping and mates. Only let downs....Torrential rain while camping and eating too much meat, guts are in agreement!! 
Just finished series 7 of The Shield. Great stuff! Sad it is no more 
.....Weekend Is Nearlyy Over!  Shame; Its Been Great! ;)
Great. Forgott my keys at my parents. Now drove half way back to meet them. Stupid waste of time 
Great! Mischa is really sick and it pains me to look into his eyes 
@coldplayingHQ Just imported the free CD they gave away at the concert but it won't download onto my ipod   Great review of last night!
Great time with fam in LR! Heading back to nwa for a crazy work week 
Great day with my MYLead bestie. Now for some BDubs to say bye to Matt 
Great the far right is taking over europe.... nice work people, 'Talk Liberal, Think Conservative'... all is bullshit, all the time 
Great! the siren of the police and the ambulance are adding on to the noise  Hmm, at least the drunken guys are quiet now.
Great service this morn 101 in attendance. Lost in soccer w/ a goal in the last seconds.  Getting ready 2 go to Argentina tom.
 bringing my lovely back home. Sucks. Great day. I love her. Steven later.
Great. Weekend's over. Working next weekend. 12 days of work coming up. Ages til my next lie in! 
Great day. Hate that it's almost over  Ryan heads out of town for the whole week tomorrow.
Great - joda-time blows up when using Long.MAX_VALUE as a millisecond value 
Home from Jacksonville. Great weekend!! But really sad to leave 
Depressed about the results of the European Election. Seriously ashamed of Great Britain, right now 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Great fights tonight but BOOO faber lost 
@NAKEDdmblauren u poor thing!!  I would def have gone! No DMB fans? THAT is nuts!! Great loca tho, many shows. Only Tampa, W. Palm 4 me 
Absolutely terrible headache  Great night. But, now it's time for sleep. Goodnight!
Had 12 solid hours today. Woke up 2.45, ate lunch and ate frozen Great Apple Thing with milk while watching stardust. Now my head hurts 
Sat - yoga and dance - Sun - dance dance dance! Great weekend! Shame bout today 
Great BB app for brightkite users, Silence your camera shutter sound and timer!  not free  http://ow.ly/e9vN
Yea figures he'd have to work saturday. Gracies b-day, our 1 month, &amp; the concert. &amp; he has to work. Great.  ...sigh...
Just came back from the opticians; two receptionists in, but no optician. Great stuff. Have to go back tomorrow 
@DHSmostwanted I had to miss the game  but I saw the highlights... wow! Great game for sure! A Classic &quot;playoff ping&quot;
Great! Just got home chainsaw in hand ready to cut the timber in the garden and the heavens have opened up, British summer time for ya 
Great, now I have &quot;He Could Be the One&quot; by Hannah Montana stuck in my head. 
@passwordreset Welcome to the Twitterverse!  Great handle BTW.  I can commiserate as @Micaiah was taken as well.  
hey hey twitterers...lol im back from Great Wolf Lodge but im moving in with my dad soon so im gonna have to leave again... 
Great! Cable tv and internet just went down. Stuck at home with nothing to do. 
@yoobieku Great, it's gonna be showering on Sat 
Ohhh, heartbreak    // just leaving Great America.
Great time at driving range, but now see supposed to rain Fri for my golf outing. Bummer  #fb
@sorchar Dell fail! Great googly moogly. 
Anxiety attack. Great. Been awhile since I've had one of those... 
Great. Water has seeped into our apartment and the carpet is soaking it up 
Great Khan's! I wish I could eat 
Bookstore. Great, now I'll have to cram tmr night! 
@bleekster Wow I bombed out in Great Books  Pass plus for journals, credit minus for creative piece. FML
Great, I'm stuck here, till I can get out, and I said &quot;F*ck&quot; and horny hottie is following me again. Well so far today sucks! 
stupid phone, not tweeting as i want it to!  Welcome home, Mange! Great match-racing at the end and grats to Puma for taking home this leg
omfg! Ugh ... I hate wen it storms and I'm by myself!  This sucks ... Now I cnt sleep! Great! Ugh! [Betta. Den. U. Think}
@NinaDi had a look at your new photos using Holga! Great stuff! Did you process your negs? Mys canner does not scan my negs properly 
ARGH. I can't find my phone. I've called it a thousand times, and just realized it's on silent. Great.  Searching high and low tomorrow 
is SgMummy. Just came back from our nature outing!!! Great but my camera never charge,,, low batt half way 
Great!!! Ive just stabbed myself in the finger........ Theres quite a big hole there now 
@gulpanag Great...madamji mein aapse bahut naraz hoon..jab dekho aap Twitpic mein photo upload karti rehti ho 
No LIVE today... all day... 24 hours to be precise   Great service, which is why it hurts so much when it's not there for you.
uhhh...what a crappy wet day   Just got to the office. Sat in a traffic jam for an hour and a half. Great way to start your morning.
@esperanca Great! Unfortunately the Mrs. can't tollerate spicy. AT. ALL.  (I'll have to sneak in the myself sometime!)
@GirltaristHan  Do they not have a @Soles4Souls branches in your area? Great group, but don't know how far their reach extends.
Great! my Itunes just froze. 
Great, now I have &quot;He Could Be the One&quot; by Hannah Montana stuck in my head. 
Great....I just poked myself in the eye. Sorry bout that left eye stigmatism 
The 24 Best 8 Bit Games http://phaze.me/f61m No Castlevania III or River City Ransom?  ... Great list either way
Great. An unauthorized transaction just hit my account. SMH. Personal phone calls to make. 
@MatthewLeathem Great to hear, and thanks! It's a shame about the edits. I have a PDF of the final version but no unedited. 
Theres bats outside my hoose!  bleeeeugh, What if one got in! It would be like The Great Outdoors, how good is that movie!
Great Diez 2 log in isnt working account in use 
@cakeforbrkfst / I didn't think they were really gone' kill him - I cried so good  ukno? Great actor. As for JT o lawd.
@MusiqSoulchild My only gripe with you is that you make us wait too long for you drop another album  Great music is hard to find.
Great game of tennis even though i lost  Argue-1 Kuhn-0  good start to the 09 tennis season for mikey.
Great. I just managed to follow 28 people in one go. My ratios aren't too healthy anymore 
2 shows &amp; 3 practices a week for @WaterSkiTeam  Water is finally warming up! Great timing since we can't wear wetsuits under our costumes 
R.I.P Great Aunt Betty 
@GetReadySetGo Great green treasury, miss! Sorry to hear you're under the weather  Red-Wing blues?
Great day at Loudhouse Coffee in TN today! but... 7 story fall van lost a starter 
HypeDC just hit me back, they wont be getting the Nikes I want in  Great service though, they went above and beyond unlike other stores.
My input goes to a window that has NOT the focus and is NOT in front and where NO cursor is flashing. Great Windows world... 
Wake up at this hr and im sure im not goin to fall back asleep...Jus Great    see y i don't like goin to sleep early?...steups
Hey  @gilbirmingham! Great to see you on here  You looking forward to ET2 in the UK? Wish I could be there  x x
@speedyian Rain eh? Great, that's something else to look forward to  Tell me some good news!
@theguiltyones Oh yes, Season 3! Lots and lots of Faith there. Great choice. Season 5's also great but no Faith = 
Great! They think I've got swine flu! 
Great, XBL is up but the page I need is still down for maintenance. 
@JDWingo Great job.  Would have loved to have been there...cracked frame though   Stupid lightweight stuff...
hahahhahaha @samconnell Great Promoting Spammer! LOL at the end of this tweet i will have 72 twooshes!!! I'm such a silly twoosh cheater 
ick, i woke up with my eyes shut together. Great!  Now my eyes are all bloodshot and I have to go to work soon. :/
Sooo tired...I'm dragging today. Great times yesterday though. Sadly, back to normality today. Work @ 4pm 
@superjeans Hi! Great thanks. Back to rain though 
Great! Because of that post this morning, twitter now thinks I'm gay 
says &quot;Great&quot;! NOW we can't eat farmed fish else we will get mad fish disease.  http://www.tgdaily.com/content/view/42888/181/
Great start! Forgot my mouth pressure washer at home, had to walk back and get it! Going to be late 
@alpcoterie Great! Find the Stuart Weitzmans I've been lusting after and they don't have my size 
Migraine meds aren't working. Have to &quot;work&quot; 11-7 and I feel like I'm going to pass out. Not allowed to eat there either. Great 
@ScottMode Great to hear your being requested to produce new shows. I only have HI speed at work so Live at home will not work for me 
Listened to abridged World War Z audiobook on the way in this morning. Great book. But audio editing is awful. Sentences cut midway thru 
Crying, Watching Oprah. A little boy who lost his legs. What a sweet &amp; joyful child. A true miracle.  Celine is on, Great Heart.
MOving files to back up so the Great Reinstall may begin  See? A frowny face. That's how distressed I am
Great.. I just did a number on my thumb with the piping hot straightener   Ouch!!
@PRSop2000 Oh great, Great that it might be a common problem. But that sucks it won't connect 
@lkenner @nickyduvyrda @YourFav_Redhead Great suggestions. I'm going to sleep. lol 
Angua ate Tris' phone cord.  Great.  Too broke to afford a new one, but we're going to have to anyway. 
Great day of shopping! Wait what?? That really doesnt sound like me... I miss my guitar  That's more like it
Great now I'm just stuck in the house watching Cops...and no joke about Cops today I'm not feeling up to it  so just tweet me back....
is quite tired. I have only two days left at the academy  but, this has been a great learning experience. I love Alaska. Great Place. 
Great day with the friends. Lousy results on the paper. 
The Hangover = Funny.   RIP Great Grandma 
Grr I'm up at stupid o'clock to load a truck. Great 
@itvprimeval Hi i am a new follower, and I am gutted this has finished  Great to be here with you guys though 
hopee yu all have a Great Dayy &amp; i Am Veryy ILL  x
Watching The Great Outdoors while working and really missing John Candy.. 
just peachy  &quot;the Golden State is in its deepest and most profound recession since the Great Depression&quot; http://bit.ly/CAD00M
Burgerville is putting the calories on the receipt. Great idea but hello fatty! This meal is more calories than i eat in a day. 
@LAPR Great program last night! So informative, speakers were excellent? How was the Standard? Wish I could have gone with 
Great. Left channel surround speakers not working 
Thoughts to Great Ape Trust who lost their bonobo, Nathan. 
Back home, pretty drunk...! Great night-out with my girls, I'm gonna miss Eric so bad ! 
So the power cable from the PSU to the Mobo is fried. I found 2 of the pins were black. Great. 
Great. Got sick in school, bdy ache + coughing + blood/vomiting = worst day ever. oh.. + lightheadedness &amp; shallow breathing  schl is EVIL
Great the power went out  . . . . .again  Grr it better b bck on by mornin but considerin its late it b okay 4 now until morning! hurry
Home from the theater. Great movie and time with my good friend @etheralfirefly whose moving to TX next wk 
Great. Now I have an ear infection. 
@crawlspace Great.  I better tell my siblings who don't drive. Lucky I picked up an ID req. package for them yesterday. Thanks 4 heads up!
@Dougiebaseball Great! Would you mind lending that lucky bat to A-Rod? He needs some help 
Great night with a new lady. We enjoyed some great jazz and Convo. Top bad the hangover was soldout at northpark Mall tonight.. 
Great weekend lined up. Problem is I've got eight hours of work to go first 
Well so far pain killers not working, antibiotics making me feel sick and toothache remains. Great 
@THEREALBANNER you were awesome tonight at Club Avalon! Great b'day present!  Too bad you're leaving.... 
Great! Reached campus when the McDs just closed.. looks like no Milo McFlurry for me tonight 
@xchelface Hopefully we can catch up soon!  Great seeing you guys!  Sorry again! 
@dizzyfeet I totally agree, Nigel. They are all so talented, but someone has to go home!  Great season so far!
@backstreetboys  It's Great that you are coming Back! But.. I really don't like thep prize of the vip tickets!  Whyyyy????
Injured person at limehouse on the platform. Stopped all dlr trains in all directions. Great 
OMG. I was just joking. Now he deleted his twitter.  Great. I'm always the bad guy.
Great, the USS John McCain is headed towards N Korea cause of a flagged NK Ship that may or may not have bad weapons. 
Just found out the key he sings &quot;Be A Denist&quot; in is lower than previously practiced. Great... Now it sounds shitty.  
Great. Flt to Philly is delayed to the point I might miss my connecting flt home. 
Great day at the waterpark only to come back to tornado warnings and sirens. Show might be cancelled 
On my way home, 20 past 3 in the morn in Dubai airport and got another 4 to wait. Great! 
@StephanGeyer ... And what about Balotelli? Great foot but no brain... 
@mmangen. Great to connect with U2!  My dm's are not coming through.  The tweetdck seems to have fallen asleep on me   I'll be watchin' u!
@equine_artista Hi EA!!!!  Great to see you!!!!   Today was great...it's storming here now though!!! 
Great family time golfing tonight but Amanda beat me by 3 strokes on 18 holes!  
Oh Great. Grumpy husband approaching for in depth discussion about my wifely failings. Could. Not. Be. Bothered. 
had a campfire with the family and ended up singing &quot;How Great Is Our God&quot; with my sister... makes me miss camp and leading worship 
@kaestl I met FFDP and talked to Ivan. Great guy, but definitely Moody! Heard their new record is going to be radio friendly though. 
Watching The Great Debaters...she fell asleep on me 
Great day today, took the motorcycle out for a ride, 2nd time out absolutely amazing. wish it was nicer weather tomorrow  Goodnight tweeps
Arrr need to organise this Great Yarmouth Battle Of The Bands...still kinda scared about phoning the geezer 
Great. Missed 4buses all in a row  stil@ busstop. Late again...
R.I.P. Great Uncle Richard. 
Rainy Korea  and I'm working on a saturday afternoon Great! 
Great time at @DURHAMGIRLGEEKS dinner with @asmithdesign . Felt very much outnumbered, but that was ok. Now it's time for MBA Assignments 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Awesome... Up at 5:00 am being sick and curled up by the toliet when I have a 12 hr. Work day to look forward to... Great!  
http://twitpic.com/7w54p - I closed PURE nightclub club tonight! Great sounds by @DJHope. Lights are bright 
gosh Singapore traffic is just getting from bad to worse. Parking in plaza s is full... Great! 
Great..now i can't go back to sleep. Ugh 
@deputyd0g Couldn't agree more about IntenseDebate. Great when it works- annoying when it's down. 
Just watched Valkyrie (Tom Cruise). Great movie but kinda sux since I already know the ending from the history anyway 
Great Clips next to Dierberg's in Creve Coeur has poor lighting and my shitty haircut shows it. 
Great time at southcom going away last night. Going to miss these great people 
Not awake...  Great day for the beach!!!! Too bad i'm not going.... :/
I'm sooo bored at work. Great weather = no sickly patients  Guess I'll read a book  http://mypict.me/4EbF
in Great Yarmouth. With a headache or a migraine whatever it is it hurts 
Threw my backout last night! Slept on the floor. Still in pain. Great way to spend my weekend 
Great. Dad puttin the internet down to even destroy the last thing that kept me company... i do so feel like run away from home 
Great time in Lockhart...time to head home 
Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great 
Today is a sad day.  Our very best dog LUKE is no longer with us.  13 Great years he will be missed 
Great. The first customer was this snot-nosed teenage boy who put me in a worse mood. Ugh. 
Great big ants all up in my Golden Grahams 
Just got back home after Sat at silverstone. Great day! shame Jenson wasn't higher up the grid though 
@imsteveduncan  Great answer, you obviouly loved E.T too,, I cant believe I still  cry  when E.T and Elliott are sick in the bathroom.. 
Great game of ping pong with my son, Andrew. I thought I might even win one when I was leading 13 to 7 but once again, he rallied. 
Great... They just cancelled tomorrow. stupid rain/river 
@WSOPlive You switched to Stud8 just the one time we have 2 frenchies at a FT  Great coverage, been watching from France all the Series !
Great Fathers are amazing people! Having fun hanging out with them this weekend.  Am suffering a terrible bout of procrastination 4 work. 
Heading back up the mountain. Great night out! Sarahs painin from what we think is a kidney stone.   headin to  kpt tomorrow!
In Bondi, lunch for @rachleggott bday with the fam. Great pasta and coffee, walking along beach... Oh snap; just started raining 
@bubbly_vicky Great...okay not really. Fishy passed away a few days ago.  My mom got me another one...but it's just not the same. D:
Great reception, headed home! Snap! Forgot to set to record British GP this am  http://myloc.me/4NYH
Great... He didn't post HOW TO get to the solution 
Great. James is sound asleep and im the one That's wide awake. Why did we have to go all freaky friday?! D: i wanna sleep but i cant 
BEP e.n.d. Album release was wikked except fried an amp. Great to have everyone out!  Tired but cant fall asleep with things on my mind 
For goodness sake! Youtube isn't working.... I can get on the main page but not onto the actual videos. Great. 
@djuler @sujokat Just watching Nature's Great Events then will watch Miss Marple - altho not quite ready for tomorrow 
Great. History. Yay... 
It's summer, and I have a cold. Great! Besides - got nothing new to read  boring...
~ Has Had a Great Week off of Work &amp; Does Not Want to go Back Tomorrow  . .  BOO  ~
Listening to: The Postal Service - Such Great Heights. Damn, I miss MgG.  http://bit.ly/zw8ZL
@semenovich Great Videop Anna,you look AWSOME.I would love to buy a copy of that Maxim with you in it.They don't sell Russian Maxim here 
@Mr_Sidebottom Great show last night! Had to leave just before the end to get the train home. Shame, wanted to get a pic and autograph. 
Last day in UK before heading home tomorrow. Great day of shopping. Harrods, Selfridges and M&amp;S. See you guys tomorrow 
Great....I'm sick  Hopefully this goes away soon. Happy father's day to all the fathers
Great church service this morning. Heading to my life group now. Rebecca has lost her voice so missed her first choir performance. 
Ugh! It's too early... Going to eat some yummy artery-clogging Mexican food for breakfast... Great first day of my diet (NOT)... 
Having mixed emotions  Great time with Elliott tho 
Great Card last night!!! I can't believe Damarques lost! 
Great. I woke up today and can't even get up because of the pain in my back. Guess it's time to call for help. 
has just been for his first run since doing the Great Edinburgh Race.............not good at all 
Ahhh Todays Been Great People But I'm Feeling a little down as lauren won't be doing dancing n'more 
@mellyford when were u in my neighborhood and why wasn't i told??  Great Look though boo. get ya grind on... Muah!
@naughty_ottsel Great, thanks!  I don't have my 3GS yet.   (What does &quot;pretty crap though&quot; mean?)
Great! Got a file completed at work...now won't open 
I need cake. Sadly, don't have any  Great rehearsal tonight &quot;one day more&quot; sounds great!
Great dinner. Off to a bar for drinks with my sailor friends. Sailor moon friends. No, just sailor friends. Ok - Regular people. 
@brianhprince Great idea till you see the limits that US Rails have when commercial runs the tracks.  Few trains to pick.  
@salemonz Great work! Plz keep the tweets coming - note: I'm jealous I could not attend... 
@salemonz Great work! Plz keep the tweets coming - note: I'm jealous I could not attend... 
@_danalynn I noticed that! Great minds think a like... or starving dieted minds. Sucks about J&amp;K+8!! My friend got me watching that show. 
@Cunninghamster it is okay. All missing my Great Nan loads, but were trying to keep upbeat, it's what she'd want (but still sad too  )
@Chulz awwww what A Great day to go to great adventures!! I'm missing itttt  ... Enjoy! The sun is Out!!
Great day  six flags tomorrow . . . . More sun  &lt;&lt;*Karina*&gt;&gt;
On the way to Great Mall, but Imma broke hoe 
Harder than expected 2 pick them out but got it first try. Great people! Fun nite save 4 altercation I had w/ gang of drunk arses  5 to 1
Great final send off for Aughghgh tonight @ rock bottom. Damn man..we'll miss you. 
Blind spot in the middle of L eye. Great peripheral vision. It's a migraine! Since I only get 1-2/yr, don't know where meds are post-move 
Awesome day: Great pizza, peace carrot cake, Tranformers and hanging out with my BEST Friends.  Downfall: puked all the food. 
Great show tonight. I got the sad news out of my head for awhile...but the second I walked out of the venue I thought of Bill 
Err, Mince for dinner.  Great...
Getting my hair cut today. Great. Just great. 
Morning to everybody. Slept like a baby, 9hr straight and overslept the alarm. Great start of the day 
Great. Now i have a headache. Me duele en mi cabesa. 
Great morning!! So happy my daughter is graduating from kindergarden! Dag I just had her 5 years ago......I'm old 
Need to water the garden this morning before the hell heat kicks in. It's already muggy. Great! 
Train just pulled out 2 mins early. Great ... except I was only 1 minute early to catch it  Next in 1 hour. (
@rabiagarib Great comment by Imran..  unfortunately.. i am yet not able to review videos.. 5 videos pending on cio till now 
http://twitpic.com/8d9l4 - Great times at MOTM last night! Not feeling so good this morning 
Going to the final Third year discipleship  then off to bowl and eat ice cream with the #GTAustin Staff the @GT20mobile Great day
My UT Longhorns came up short against a great LSU team last night  What a season though! Great job guys...!
@jimmybuffett I usually go every year, but this year I have to wait until you come to VA  Say hi to Great Woods for me!
Great. Morris was so excited to see me he rolled in shit and killed a bird in the backyard.   http://twitpic.com/8dlbq
Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Pat Brady, drummer from Moving Targets.  Great band, great drummer.  Rest in peace. 
@JonathanRKnight Hi Jon! Great to hear from you! See you on the cruise, I cannot wait! Hope all is well on the Knight bus!  You are loved!
@DonnieWahlberg Great words of wisdom D-Dub!! Now can you tell the doctor to let me have some alcohol &amp; caffeine!! 
@greggrunberg Acting! You did it wonderfully! Great ep!  &quot;Monster&quot; will be a fate worse than death for Danko, hopefully.
@justG Great to hear G! Very glad your Uncle's doing alright 
@levarburton yes I watch 'The United States of Tara' via the wonders of the Internet as I am in the UK and it's not here yet  Great show.
&quot;It's a nice bright beacon in a sea of really dreary, dreary booths at CTIA this year...&quot; -  http://bit.ly/9lfZH [Great YT Video] 
@MotionX Great -  I look forward to trying out the new features 
Might go visit some ghosts at the video shoot! Going to have a nice catch up with chloe and going back to work. Great!! 
@ASOS_Julia Great idea... let us know when you get it done  x
@Schofe thanks so much for having the @twitchhiker on TM! Great interview 
@markhundley Great thanks. Almost bedtime here  How u going?
Great concert at the opera house yesterday evening! Looking forward to some outdoor climbing later! 
@sarahstanley Great!  Enjoying spring break week with my kiddos and also trying to get SOME work done!  What's next on your race agenda? 
ran into Alaina on the T.  Great way to start the morning.  
I love this band  Great version of the Bee Gees classic.  ? http://blip.fm/~3xehs
@bcavanaugh Its an embarrassing thing~ they see how dirty you are and what kind of &quot;stuff&quot; you own  Great Blog~
@JennMFitz Thanks! Great minds think alike 
If ur a BB owner, lover, etc. Go to 'berrytastic.com' Great articles, forums, resources and more! 
@ckedwell Great meeting you over coffee as well. Maybe next time we meet we can have a pint. 
@RealtorJimLee Great Pics there Jim...  but if I saw you three on the path I might turn around..   
@ditucci That's OK, as long as you're thinking about me   Great job, especially given your extremely busy schedule.
Nice and Sunny, Great day in the NW!!! 
@andye6 Thanks man, I'll have to keep an eye on them... Great conversation, Thanks for the interaction! Have a great weekend! 
@nisper I LOVE him! Baz Luhrman is amazing. He's doing the Great Gatsby next, and they want him for Wicked. 
@hermanwitkam Great sound clips on your site! Gonna have to buy the album. My kind of film music. 
Lemon juice! Great skin lightener...add to your cleanser and use it as a toner, then say bye bye to acne scars &amp; discolouration 
Had a lovely evening. Family BBQ. Lots of laughs and memories. Great night. 
@marcmawhinney Preach on Marc!! Great tweet on vision and execution!! 
@MizFitOnline Hi, how are you? Great? 
my mom is here for a visit! Lucky me! Great way to spend a weekend 
@uncleenore Great suggestion.. I like the nap part too   Re: canoeing into the sunset - is this your romantic side, Unc? You sweetie, you.
Out in 'Edge' country  Great photoshoot with Janet &amp; family. Beautiful country, people &amp; dogs!
Work, Great Winds show tonight with Ash 
Reading Skinned by Robin Wasserman.  Great so far. &lt;3
@jcwisu Will you drop off some Great Plains in Cedar Falls on your way home? 
Great game of golf !!! Nappy nap time on the roof in the sun 
@PamelaGlasner Sounds like a very interesting and fun book - look forward to it!  Great Alan Rickman story  
@dvineexpression Im doing Great! It's another beautiful  day  How are you DevineE?
@trmj Hey, ur on twitter now. Cool. Great seeing u last weekend. As always, great show!  
@frandmb I LOVE it. No la like tinytwitter and it has built in url shortener. Great interface. Best mobile client yet  you gonna try it?
@B_Tab Glad to hear it! Great guys are hard to find 
Enjoyed her night by spending it at Relay For Life with bayside central! Great times with great friends .. Thanks Christie Pape 
@LessaT  So u take pride in hurling wild unauthenticated divisive comments?  Great.   I'm happy u are a &quot;Independent/conservative&quot; #tcot
@moonfrye I'd like to think so.... Great question, I'm Still trying to find mine 
@Will_Surren Great work! We are getting there  Say Hi to Macy for me.
@LouiseRedknapp  Hi Louise.. Great programme the other week about weight loss.. 
Great day :p Band played, ate some uber good food &amp; caught up with old friends  Too bad it was so fuckin' hot all day lol... Nite nite
Great night! Goodnight 
@rustyrockets Holy shit i watched Bedtime Stories last night absolute classic man! Great performance 
Thought I'd try and get back into writing the Great Australian Crime Novel - unfortunately, got waylaid by Twitter! Oh well, another time 
@waveydavie OK I see. Great day! Enjoy 
Sunshine, 16 degress!! Great day today is meant to be and I am not going outside to fall asleep again 
Great party, great people.. Nice of the cops to show up to 
Great sidewalk sale at the Great Escape yesterday, got 9 classic rock vinyl LPs for 4.50  Listening to Jefferson Starship raht now.
it is afternoon! I venture, to do Great* Things! *possibly inconsequential but nevertheless fun things 
@UltravoxTP Great gig last night - really enjoyed it. Bought backs loads of happy memories - thanx  Enjoy the rest of your tour 
@hethfen Great thank you  Have you been making music goodness today? 
getting ready to go back to tafe Music + Great friends + sunny days = Living the good life 
@sukisusan Great idea! I'm heading to Kittery now. Totally forgot about Crate &amp; Barrel outlet 
@EliaPenn Hi, Elia! There you are, missed you  New day, new style, new ideas! Great! Is the storm still over Central US? 
I won a free Blacberry Storm. Great birthdate gift.   Won it here: http://tinyurl.com/dccdxb
@Michael_Cobb thanks!  yep - I have read http://TwitPWR.com/cBW/ Not too bad for a lazy git!  Great info 
Great game, West Brom pushed us all the way. Al least we wont go down now with 41 points 
@ABZQuine Great, will add you on Flickr once you post a photo! 
@johnjoliver Hey! I've seen a tweet or two from you on CNNI recently! Great to see so many people around the world doing the same thing! 
@thomaslennon Great interview. &amp; the new season of Reno has been very funny!  Quite a talented guy!...maybe you'll host SNL sometime?? 
@Lennar Great added them all  thanks! All of our sites are listed in the footer of http://varenters.com
@RobRutkowski: Did you sing Greased Lightening? I think you should swap your avatar. Live on the wild side  Great pic.
Great show the other night... Excited to do another 
Great day to be lazy...reading in my PJs, watching the rain, making cookies, all with my favorite person in the world 
Great day so far at church and taking Tucker to visit the in-laws. Now baby shower time! 
#vegas #baseball #area51s at the game? Come get your raffle tickets and support olive crest . Great prizes! By the ramps and food 
Great day w/ @CinemaChurch ers...  we def learned a lot!  Excited about some projects kicking off this week - hopefully! 
@sueandsteve Great w/e thanks...nice and sunny (for a change). Link is http://www.4fm.ie  Later 
@greggrunberg http://twitpic.com/3n9es - Great picture of Drew...waiting for the picture of you too... 
is so proud of everyone involved in the NWFASA Conference.. and thinks our Showcase was one of the best ones.  No bias.    Great job!
@OfficialDHough That was AWESOME! Great job with the editing. That must have been a lot of work 
@gourmeted Glad you're feeling better  Cranberry, almond, cinnamon, maple and pecans in the granola sounds so tasty! Great combination.
One more Advice of the Day: With Great Powers Comes Great Responsibility 
Morning Twitterverse!! Great looking day! 
Excellent start to the day today. Great weather and more work to do! First, tea time! 
Great Ideas comes out of little pencils 
Great OS Interface Design Between 1981-2009 - http://is.gd/mSb0 Will make you remember history 
@RichardMadeley Great to see that you follow everyone who follows you Richard. And i'm lovin your profile pics - very inventive 
@MarloPerry Great idea. Not needed just yet I calculated their For &amp; Against incorrectly. 
Great weather for President Medvedev in Helsinki... I might see him from my balcony 
@RawAndFit Remebered Hicks used one at Xerox. Great idea. Have had the same thought recently   http://ping.fm/g250W
@Knoc Great Job With quitting  Share this with your friends and family who cant quit. http://bit.ly/15g0H4
Great morning everyone in Twitterland. 
@eilla Great minds think alike  Coffee (and cigarette if you smoke) will give u a great boost ;)
@BUTTERFLYWHEEL That title spoke right to me - was surprised at the content  Great article by @FeliciaSlattery
Great day unfolding, that reminds me &quot;freakin&quot; laundry needs to be folded...SAH husband and entrepreneur what a tough combo...I can do it 
Launched scout-made badminton birdie rockets yesterday in our Den meeting.  The scouts had a blast! Literally.   Great day to be outdoors
Great lunchtime ride. Track was quiet(ish), sun was out, blue sky 
@bigced Great Concept! 
@KewLLady Great!Thanks 
Wow, watched her fiesta movement vid and @alisonhaislip looks (even more) amazing outside of the studio. Great video Alison  Enjoy Fiesta!
Great time at the NFG show. Didn't have to stop once on the drive home!!! 
http://twitpic.com/3payr Great reading before bed time! Its important to think. Positively right before sleep 
@britneyspears http://twitpic.com/3oknf - Great Pic 
@ yardhouse in la live. Great food, great beer, great weather. Happy Nate 
Great piece on the Beeb, LJ.  
110+ Best Twitter Tools http://is.gd/tBX2 (via @phaoloo) Great site to bookmark 
@alzaid Great  Thank you very much bro 
Enjoyed reliving Quake 3 at QuakeLive http://ow.ly/3piI. Wish they'd make it portable. As it is, needs IE/FF w/ plugin. Great fun though. 
@CocktailVh1 Congrats on the win! Yall make a Great Couple 
Great British Refurb launches... inspired by our Green Your Home series  http://www.decc.gov.uk/en/content/cms/news/pn045/pn045.aspx
@30secondstomars http://twitpic.com/3oa1k - Great job Brazil Echelon! 
Check out our Great New Lowever prices www.digigonzo.com 
Just noticed Made by Elephant designed the @atebits site. Great job @maxvoltar! Big fan of your site too 
@neallivingston Great! Yes we are coming this sunday  it's been too long! I am sure Addison is beautiful as ever.
PB&amp;J Sandwich + White Russian + Cross Examining Meredith = Great Friday 
Great dinner with @scsdesign and the girls. Now, it's time to get my learn on. Just 24 weeks left until I'm a &quot;Master&quot; 
@ArnaudJacobs Expressing gratitude! Great to hear U say Aloha &amp; remind me to maintain love in my heart. To not be angry. And so I'm not 
@KelliThompson aaww Thank you for including me in your &quot;Great Moms&quot; follow friday group!  That's too sweet! 
Great big weekend ahead: kid bday party, bachelorette, and baby shower! Busy but fun. 
@richeisen Your wife is gorgeous! Xander is so cute. You are so fortunate to have each other.  Great special. I lol'd a lot.
@melodysmind Great! Sounds like we have similar tastes in humor. Let me know if you have anyone you find good to follow, ok? 
Great day  Wish it wouldnt end though. Ohwelll, goood night twittt heads. ;) Be safe with your fridaynight/saturday earlymrng.
@Lili1 Great news about the Poet Laureate being a woman 
@MichelleKwong Yeah. Great to know U too 
@itsjudytime I just spent the last couple of hours on your YouTube channel.  Great videos!!!  
@swiftmed Great Cheryl website! 
I seen Obsessed with Beyonce and  It was amazing I could hardly hear anything with the people screaming but what I did hear was Great. 
Found a Starbucks here in Basel, finally breakfast. All other places only serve beer! Great gig last night! I'm in love in this country. 
@Jintanut After 25 yeas in Queensland I relocated here so it's especially challenging LOL  Loving the snow though. Great atmosphere.
@KristinsAwesome  JUMP IN  It's great you will love it!!! Great Music Killer workout! Great results! Go For It!  
Spent hours in the Milan cathedral. Now having coffee at Bar Mercurio. Excellent weather. Great weekend trip 
@Ladytronmusic  Seattle is Great!!   Try Queen Anne street after your show for good pubs...  
Half time at Boro. 1-0 to Man U. Great goal from the Welsh Wizard. 
@SandyGuerriere @TomMorris - Great day for a run! Enjoy your sunshine fix 
@glemak Great to see you more active again here and Friendfeed (There is one good reason for the end of snowboarding season 
Great day... going to a party  Yippie!!!
Great time last night w/ friends, mojitos, &amp; &quot;Loaded Question&quot;  http://bit.ly/4FMTu ..now treadmill, swim, &amp; geek work 
Morning Tweet-heads! Early rise and shine! Great show last nite w/ @MarieLuv .even had a director call me 2 hate on us! life is good. 
@TheFabulousOne Great douchbag, er PEOPLE watching though 
@Jenniewrenbird Yeah. Great watching 
@bobgarrett http://blip.fm/THECOASTDJMJ via  Sound Wonderful! Have A Great Sat! 
@steveagee Great show, Steve! I am now following @scottaukerman thanks to you! 
Starting to pack up. Great day. Made $1600. Met some GREAT people and some...interesting ones.  some tweeters were there too!
Oh my goodness! A whirlwind evening. I love being in the ATL on nights like tonight.  Great seeing everyone!
Great time wit Mi Mint, eyes burning and liquid fallin frm them but worth it... 
@buzz Great news !!  Keep us posted!! 
Great performance at UCR spring splash tonight Common. Thanks for coming out to socal. 
@DaydreamLily  Thanks, Liss!  Great blog and the mugs are a perfect idea for a friend's upcoming birthday/anniversary.  
wow 2 rounds... Manny, suntukan tayo! Hahaha! Great great great 
Climbed Mt.Tibrogargan with my lady and an old colleague. Great way to exert yourself on a Sunday and be rewarded by breathtaking views 
totally enjoyed Wolverine and 17 Again, tonight! Great job Hollywood!!!  
@mileycyrus I love Hanna Montana the movie  Great job miley,you're so great! xoxo
@macpowell http://twitpic.com/4gzod - You truly are AWESOME, Mac!!   Great job!!  Way to go!!
Great thanks. Enjoying the nice weather here.  What's new with you 
@HelenLeathers Hi,I will check out 'the secret'  Great charities.
@seancarasso I'm glad you enjoyed the A&amp;M MOVE event!  I did too! Great to see you! Glad you finally got some sleep in a good bed! ;)
@schlagerroyalty Hi, sweetie! Great seeing you here. 
@abstreetteam Awesome. An asher Book street team ! Great 
Great time at church this morning. Got to play my acoustic upright. Lots of arco! My technique is definately improving. 
@SpecialDee Great line. Maybe: feels warmth from the Sun King manifest in...  Gets rid of the repetition of the word the. 
@thequills Happy to hear that.    Great show yesterday, I'll miss them.
@Larryferlazzo Yes Larry, I do believe you are the last person to see Evolution of Dance. Great, isn't it? It never gets old. 
Great skate today! Minippi Parklands skate with wildlife. No deer or pythons this time. Not even one turtle. Lots of ducks though 
Flying back to San diego from Seattle. Great meetings and great time on john k. s boat. Bainbridge island is beautiful. 
@Djalfy Crikey! Love putting Cspan on a Sunday afternoon, pretend it's still morning here!  Great fun listening to idiots calling in too!
@TweetDeck Good evening to you too  BTW I just downloaded TD and it's a lot of fun to use  Great job
my stomach is so mad at me.. I'm tooo ugh to get up and do anything productive right now.. But what a Great Night 
just decided to run the Great Race with Keli!!!  
@dannywood Great plan. Will tell the hubs when he returns from his Guard drill, will call parents now, have already told my rugrats! 
Great trip to SoCal. 
Hi @overthinker. Great chatting! 
I was super-stressed after the &quot;Media Credibility&quot; mtg, so @jason_roche took me to Mattingly Brewing Co. Great place! 
@TrinaMLee Congrats!  Your book looks awesome!  Great review too.  
@AKGovSarahPalin Welcome to Twitter Governor Palin  Great to be able to get updates on Alaska, all the way from NY! We love and miss you!
@AL3X_M Great mate! We are burning the midnight oil to get it to you as soon as possible  Pass on the good words!
@Race_in_Hattan Great! You can tell me all about Kite. 
OP was fun. Good movie. Great friends.. 
@AndrewKelsall  Great - I'll be watching for it 
The ratings for The Game keep going up every week. Great job guys 
Reconnected with old pal from high school. Whoa. Great fun. Good night New York. Thank you. 
Great workout tonite! My new friend is loving it! I love helping to grow my family 
@rachel1975 We pulled her through folks! Great work. Drinks all around. On Talos! 
Now I desperaty need a shower &amp; will relax after. Great day! Accomplished a ton, enjoyed weather, my dogs, friends. Burned MANY calories! 
@bob_saget Correction... Great Evening! 
Having my monthly mentoring session with my Hi-po team. Great future for them in the firm 
@stevenbward http://twitpic.com/4iza9 - Great pic!!  Nothing but the best to both ladies!!
Great rode trip!!! Only bad part was the Padres lost both games, but I still got to see my boys play some ball 
@mileycyrus I looooove that song! The Beatles (L) . Great music miley  You're great.
Talking on the phone with Christina!! Great to catch up 
Great time of worship at FCFC with the crew 
@ShalonAVM THX! Great slideshow. No prob with using my pix  I plan on using Picasa, too. I'll send you the link as soon as I upload them
@chenaecarey Great! DM me and I will give you details. Our agency is looking for a work exp intern 
is looking for intranet professionals in Perth to host or chair site visits. Great networking and benchmarking opportunity 
@JennaMadison Ooh, coffee!  Great idea...  want one??  
@amber_benson Loved it! You continue to delight us Amber.    Great job on the backing and the video by @adambusch. Kudos.
@tynishakeli I like Light out, Walls up &amp; shatter'd the most! Great work, Germany must get to know you asap.. 
@siouxsinner hope you had a FAB time!!! Just saw your twitpics ... Love that you wore THE dress. Great pic of D too 
Great weekend, even though my site is not moved. Plenty other things to do and learn. Keeping the faith and looking to the future 
Great long-weekend so far   Going for a run now - no Judo tonight  Then off to Blue Water for some &quot;Retail Therapy&quot;
@sammythewizzy Oki! Great. All the best! 
done watching Slumdog Millionaire.  Great Movie! 
The Aspitar Hospital in Doha is amazing. Great service, nice building and free WiFi. Win 
@jakeperks - Woo! Great subject for this month. Now I can use my sparklers 
@Pink Can't wait to see you on December in Switzerland for a third rendez-vous  Great show ! You are just amazing  ... Enjoy in OZ 
@NEENZ Bye!! Great meeting you! 
Yay, watching Supernatural   .. Great way to end a hard day. I miss you Jesse.
Done with FNR on Fox Charlotte. About to record online commentary. Find it at www.myfoxcharlotte.com under Rising tab. Great team @ FNR 
Stuck on NJ Transit for the past twenty minutes. Great way to start the week 
@solutioncoach  Great! I'm glad you enjoy them  I hope you have a GREAT day 
@SurrendrDorothy Yahoo ! Great! Always nice to hear successful stories! 
Tonight @ 10 on The Northland's NewsCenter we kick off a week long look at Great Summer Getaways in the Northland! Don't miss it! 
@onesweeterlife  Great!  I was hoping to run under 40mins and ended up doing 39:07  Woo hoo!  Gotta love the C25k 
@jesslina Awww, yeah, I love that one.  I remember seeing him at Great America w/ Tassi.  Such a great memory 
@LisaBernart Great to meet you! Thanks for the use of your umbrella...I hope you ate and got some sleep! 
time for The Great Yakuza Horror Theatre, wish me luck 
@LucasPace Wow! I am impressed Pastor Lucas! Great work!!! 
@mrskutcher Years ago, my brother saw you and Bruce walking on the sidewalk in Sanibel. I used to live on Pine Is. Great place  
@slicedlime That your blog? - didn't realize I was following the blogger on my RSS feed! Great idea btw 
@ElvenstarArt Great !!! Your book looks fantastic ? I want it 
@GeekySteph also, try Friendly Fires if you haven't already heard them. great stuff  AND Florence and The Machine. Great, great music 
Great exercise for a Sunday morning: &quot;stopping the wheel of karma&quot; (R.A.W.) and transforming negativity into love... Life! 
Great to be sunbathing in my garden.  And this afternoon I'll be watching ADO to see if they can win this important match (on tv). 
@DonGeronimo Please give Big Freda my love. We, the Great Unwashed, still love her. I know you'll make it a great day for her! 
@leatherzebra Great to hear! I've bookmarked their website.  Did you approach through your agent, you them or them you?
@samantha01020 Great site, Samantha.  I've bookmarked it.  
@bluetooth13 \o/ I'm the first one! Great. You can call him daddy too. I don't mind. 
Great Night 
I have to agree!  @rsoliveira: &quot;Great Song.&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~5zc12
Just had cracking brunch down at @urbanbeach 's new Urban Reef beachside restaurant. Great stuff 
Great afternoon with my besties  Bowling was funny :p
@agallerylondon Hi! Great to see your tweet follow. Thanks!  How's the weekends for you?
Volviendo a ver &quot;Great Teacher Onizuka&quot; , el mejor anime que he visto hasta la fecha. 
michaelajones: Welcome, @joeboy05  Great to see you on Twitter. Mrawr. http://tr.im/kYgA
Driving thru the Great Smoky Mountains in NC. Absolutely amazing. 
@capitalself Agree 100%, &amp; what if could be experienced without dying . . http://tinyurl.com/ofl2nb Great 2 connect with U my friend 
@Wieben Great stuff man. A Vent cover. EPIC!!! You knew what I meant when I said be creative! 
Great mothers day, seein American idols live this September 
@datalore_tv Finished watching  Great piece 
Phoenix is Waaaaay to HoT! 100's...yuk!  Prescott was Great but did get sunburned up there! 
@neidahorrid Looks Great!  thanks for showing me 
@cassiebelek i'm watching Freaks &amp; Geeks too! Great show 
@SamLuminate It's worth it, it sounds amazing and it's not even done yet. Great job you guys. Can I see your pretty faces tomorrow? 
@sillyvalleygirl that's what I bought! Hahaha. Great minds think alike. 
Great mother's day! A little time with the kids, and a little time for myself. Got a desk organizer from my daughter with notepad and pen 
Gonna watch Rookies on KIKU tonight at 8pm.  Great series for those who love Baseball and feel good stories... 
Cool! Managed to connect to my office network from the Starbucks across the road. Great start to the day 
@DavidArchie I just saw you on TV. Great performance! I love every lyrics of your songs! Keep it up 
Cubs Won, Braves Won, Great day 
is thinking about moving to Cairns for work offer! Great $$$ but I do not know anyone there! Is it a nice place? Help! 
@101holidays our pleasure!  Great site.  All I can think of is St Lucia now... 
@Motoko_K nice. Had a bit of the prodigy this morning! Great for the m-way traffic 
@larizzard Thats good then  i go to St Marys. Great school. you should consider it...
@tinhead Great to see you at #bsapphire  good times, Raj, good times 
@savvysticks Great stuff - congrats. Please be sure to upload pics of u in ur nurses outfit... 
Great news indeed....Maybe start painting people's pets asa commercial enterprise?  @okse @psychicsarah I was well chuffed with that. 
@dannywood Relay4Life is tom. night here. I am walking. Got a luminary in memory of your mom. Great cause &amp; lots of fun. 
@carolharnett Wow! Amazing catch. Thx for sharing this. Will explore, for sure. Great catching up w/you.  
Great Morning Twitter 
I got a super wore out Great Dane puppy! Thank you rollerblades!  @ Home http://loopt.us/RRMHEg.t
@PeterJThomas Great!  When is she publishing?  Also, is she going to refer to you as a consultant??? 
@catherinegca Great! My mom says she's real' sweet! 
@KtShy Great! Thanks, guess I'll just have to see what works... it's the one thing I struggle terribly with. 
@YoungFamemusic Happy to follow you Great to hear your idea is coming along really well. They can follow it on junction49.co.uk too 
@DBlundellshow Great show today guys. Gay Jeff is always hilarious 
Tonight, I went out with my 'normal' friends and did 'normal' things, which only happens once in 2 months. Great play we watched. 
@susynandfolsom Oh my goodness! I had no idea! Great tip Susyn 
@TheLettingAgent Great News 4 U - I work with one of Surreys largest too! Its always good news 
@jimmyeatworld Great show! Glad I was able to catch it online. 
@cystalvision99 Gotta head out for a bit. Great meeting another pagan, would love to talk more  See ya later!
@idaydream Welcome to blip! Great song...  RB @idaydream Falling in love all over again. (reblip) ? http://blip.fm/~6g4ex
Great Balls Of Fire has become one of my favorite songs 
#mugrads2009 I'm a Mizzou Grad! Great job by everyone at the ceremony...I know the class of '09 is going on to amazing things! 
@delasoulsdugout Great to have you through the office - killer show as well! Have a great tour and stay in touch 
Made it home from so cal. Great times, long drives, and lots of elmo  I sleep now. #fb
Great show tonight!!! Definitely worth the drive to Wisconsin  @petewentz @falloutboy
Leaving @nic0dice and goin home. Great night  Tomorrow's jampacked. Joes party then @nic0dice and I have 2 essays and kinkos. Fuck.
@cgallo: Great movie! Also, congrats on the car. Looking forward to many keg runs or late-night White Castle. 
Finally watched slumdog &amp; Benjamin button. Great weekend so far 
@johnmaine Oh i know. haha Great show tonight ur awesome. It was fun seeing u  walk by in the hotel hall. the girl u hugged was my sister 
@skallott most welcome Steve  Great to see you and thank you for you imput 
Diva Dolls shut it downnnnnnnnnnnnn!! Great job babe 
Nice work stefan and ingo bethke at the Dakota tonight!  Great playing, great writing , plus going out downtown makes me feel cool 
Otw home.. So tired.. Hoamm.. Great preach by Ps. John Scalon   http://myloc.me/11Ea
Great job Eli, and happy birthday! 
Going home. Rocked it out at Gorilla Club.  Great opening! WERK.  Thanks to all of you that made it out! 
@Essendon_FC &amp; @JobeWatson Great game tonight, despite the result 
@tessajames01 Thats Great  You are the best actress and Todd and Lincoln are the best actors, how are they?
@MikeHill dude you rocked it! Great stuff man! Stay in touch 
Great gig  It's 6am &amp; I wanna be sedated!! OI! Drunk punk needs 2 sleep... Saftly outta LA, no one wants me there anyways...
@ariawallace Hi Aria! Great that you followed me back  Love everything about you! So, what's the plans for the day? 
Great Day here in Oslo.. Norwegian flags and &quot;Fairytale&quot; Song in all pubs.. 
@kferin no idea! Was raining until we headed up the monument. Great views 
@victoryinstitut It works great.  Change channels, watch recorded Tivo, movies, live news.  Great when with wife and she is shopping 
Watched Revolutionary Road... Thank God don't have to live like that anymore!!! Great movie!!! 
@al_ewing Thought I'd let you know I found The Performer JD story in 2000AD highly amusing, fyi.  Great stuff!  Now onto zombo!
@serenajwilliams I'm really impressed how you're personally doing the Twitter thing  Great example!
Great Sunday  though I still cnt believe I  hv school 2morrow. I love you. Goodnight.
Playing some Emmy the Great on the geetar 
@lynnehorn  Great post! Looking forward to reading part 2 
Beautiful sunny Sunday afternoon!  Great day to cut the grass and work in my garden!    Isn't life Grand?
Great time at @quattro2611 with the entire crew. Good seeing @eptaproperties again too 
Great party on Melrose at the Village Idiot last night. Met many, was inspired by many, beautiful creative happy people all around me. 
@LoriJY Beautiful song!  Great pick 
@pwheeler_agent  YAY!!!  Great to see you on Twitter, Paige!  Welcome to the dark side...lol 
Longest hour of my life. -What? Im running away with your wife. -Great   hahaha 
Watching Whats New Scooby-Doo? Its Pretty Great. 
@dovesmusicblog is Jimi really that small, or is everyone else quite big ?  Great pic tho'!
Listening to Im Yours-Jason Mraz.  Great song &lt;3
Great day  going out again.. Marsascala anyone? #fb
Great service this AM at FPCJ! Four babies got baptized  Infant baptisms always make me misty-eyed..
@DonaldJTrump  I will - then check out my book - Canadian Recipes of the Great White North...headed to Vegas today..  http://chefbari.com
Listening to Falling in Love. Great song 
@UP_dates Great pictures and congrats on a wonderful week at Cannes 
@tommcfly @dannymcfly  Great singing guys!! Loved iittt &lt;3 Was fun hearing you guys here in Belgium   x
Just baked a chocolatecake, now Im going out to lay in the sun. Great weather up here! 
@HeatherTesch Great job Heather! &amp; it's not like you never are or something, but you looked stunning in your outfit today! Gorgeous! 
@TennisNews ha ha part Brit myself but still glad Andre won. Great day out, roof works great. 
Readin 3 books .. 2 for english class (The Great Gatsby and The Spoon River Anthology) and 1 for fun (Angels &amp; Demons) weeeeeeeeeee 
Few more hours of Ohio driving- then we're home! Great visit. 
Bingo!   @JeanValjean: &quot;Great song...I keep on falling....&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6h5iu
I am so sick hearing about the #swineflu. The press is like BOB in &quot;What about Bob&quot;!!! Great movie! 
Back home from the Shriners Hospital of SLC Kids ride.  Great to see nearly 1000 bikes to raise money for the kids treatments. 
@patrickswayzed Funny! Have the movie unopened as a VHS tape- U R gonna make me buy a DVD &amp; CD- Great 4 Summer driving ! Great 4 Anytime! 
Ramen Ya - hiding down that laneway beside GPO - Great ramen!!! 
@JSpikEThinG  just finshd your essay. Great point on bad credit/potntl jobs missouts. Good I enjoyed it. 
http://twitpic.com/5ewi2 - . @caseorganic Great idea. Here. 1234 spam mails. Proof 
@AlexAllTimeLow Just saw you play in St Paul.. Great show tonight, and a great end of the tour 
@MissCocoaLuv welll I know ur gnna gt ya relax on! Hopefully the tides change and we cn be The Great Cancers we are! 
getting a good nights sleep. Got 2 talk w/ Jessica tonight  and hung out w/ mario and billy all day. Great way to start summer. One love
@gregmishka Great for a Monday.   Thanks
@Ace6one7 Great seeing you tonight hun.  Let me find out you can dance Ace   lol.
@kyle_newman I'll try &amp; post some pics of promoting FANBOYS this weekend.  Many people have shown Great interest.  It'll be a Blast!
done with the Finnish Great Depression of the 1990s - on to the next section of the paper 
Great dinner w/ @justinsmith and crew. Memorable moment--when six people tell stories about sleeping for months on their thermarests... 
Just off from running on the treadmill for 45 minutes. Great feeling, I AM A LIVE, or so I think. 
Just got a massage. Feeling great and relaxed. Great start to the day n week 
@MarcusChang Thank you! Great blog as well! 
@CathyBrowne Great photo, Cathy! 
@aha_com I'm so excited to see the video when it comes out. The song is AMAZING as always. Great job guys. 
Twitter's Great! 
Good morning tweeties  how are You doing? Great sunny weather in Germany
@Cyranix Great! He is an uncanny fellow! Now get on with P4 
Sitting down for Danny Bhoy &amp; preparing to laugh my ass off. A good night ahead I'm sure. Great seats too! 
@glamumous Hi Amanda! Great site and name, bloggerbuster.com. I just sent you an email via the contact form; hope you get it. 
Was on first minutes of first date in Fullerton during earthquake. But I told my date, &quot;The earth moved when I saw you.&quot; Great icebreaker 
@goodshoeday Great to hear you're thinking of doing a #livelocal challenge in the UK. Let us all know how it goes. 
@godskiwi Yeah my weekend was ok but not as exciting as other people's. You take care @godskiwi  you are a Great friend!xo 
And speaking of running, just had a call from Aspire (my chosen charity) and have paid the entry fee for the Great North Run 
@karynromeis :: Great article :: http://bit.ly/gPMmh . Have left my 2cents worth 
@PaterickSchmede ROFL..Ooowee. Just a quiet night in the carpark!!!!  Great link, Thanks Hun 
Learning how to draft brief to counsel and skeleton arguments. Great 
@Lynchie555 Great!...Tired still, bit achy but really god overall!  x
Great to see Steffi Graf back on court 
@aha_com I am, and anxious for the new video! Great to have you updating like that! Keep the good work! 
Morning. Great workout today.  Gaiam DVDs r so good. Don't miss my gym membership
@Chisstwitt Oh yes! lol Great choices there! Would be fab if we could just have music on hand for our life blasting in the clouds!  xx
completed the 10k Great Manc Run yesterday!! 
Morning. Shout out to all my folks up before the butt crack of dawn! Great Hot Day in the Bay.  Go enjoy it ya bastards 
We went to see Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers over the weekend. Great show! He didn't ask us to open tho 
@petshopdad Great! I managed to shorten SPE paper to under 10 pages. Now adding &quot;thus&quot; (my old boss expression) 
@helenmc52 Great to hear!  @Darcy1968 is an inspirational leader...welcome to our PLN 
@rolandosandor Our national day ! You will find links in my updates ! Great new week to you from Bergen, Norway 
is listening to &quot;IAMX - Kingdom Of Welcome Addiction&quot; Great album. Concert @debasersthlm on thursday 
Great #Twiiter #background - @Farrhad http://twitter.com/Farrhad - love it 
Business Coach - Just posted my latest report on How To Survive The Great Recession. Free for the asking at www.bgaccelerators.com. 
Great Morning to you all...i still believe some ppl are truly clinically insane and THAT'S funny 2 me 
@worldmegan hehe! The mask was from College Ball! I got the mask from a craft shop &amp; added feathers. &lt;3 Great Magpie 
@RealHughJackman Hi Huge, I seen Wolverine..Great film! Damn..you are the RealWolverine  have a nice day
Giggling at &quot;How to Influence&quot; by @TimBrownson http://is.gd/AZEz . Great tips, too. 
Great meeting with Frank from www.funnylittlemovies.com and who was that sci fi actor I just saw in soho? fame passes me by.... 
@jordanknight Great to hear from you! Glad you had a GREAT bday!! When's the next cruise so I can go???  LOL  
Finished a grueling 3 1/2 hour ride in the Santa Monicas! It was hot and furious..Great fun 
Listening to Against All Odds... http://bit.ly/439fG  Great song 
@lexinthebox I was!  9:30, Great Hall.
&quot;To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.&quot; William M. Thackeray   Make it a Great Week! 
Listening to theCubicleMan (Douglas Knudson) at #360Flex ... &quot;The Great Mashup&quot; ... interesting so far. 
@meghanphillips Just FYI...I absolutely &lt;33 your new avatar. Great pic in general, composition wise. And such a pretty face! 
http://twitpic.com/5og79 - #guildwars party in Sunspear Great Hall. The bunnies are my guild.  Tune into Bladeradio.com
At Jon's wedding - rain has held off! Great day and going to be a big night 
Had a Great time Stargazing tonight 
lots to get done today. #Seminar content, marketing #strategy, blog theme update, #book writing. Great end to the week 
Met Mathew Mitcham today... Great guy, great diver 
@JewelStaite...Mastiff x Great Dane + food + big soft bed= a happy pooch and happy mummy! which = bliss!! So little for so much!! 
Great Bible Study tonight, fun shopping online, now night-night time 
@paddydonnelly Great idea! Get the translucent, colored type.  
@cArtPhotography I'm not sure?  By favorite dork, do you mean ME?!    - - Ha!!  I am feelin' good.  Great, actually.  And you?  GIMY2.
@MissShuganah Thank you for the good egg remark.   I double that for you!  @MissShuganah   &lt;---------  Great person, give her a follow! 
@IRobots OOOOH! Thank you so much for those Sailor Moon coloring book pages!!!  Great find! &lt;3
Im alive but im barly breathing. Great song. 
Great its Friday and I am taking my wife to the London Eye then a Boat cruise and then lunch 
Morning all !!! I wake up very early this morning (10h40) !!! Great weather in Paris... Everything is coooool so 
@technokitty Haven't tried carbonite, will give it a go later. How's things anyway? Great to see you on here  (Delusion)
Great catching up with the guys but feels like a Take That reunion: we're all a lot older,fatter and slower than the 'good old days' 
@wpstudios Great! I'm really excited about it  and TGIF!
Ha just saw five episodes of Heroes, ha I love hiro...LOL he calls himself in the future and ha the famouse catch phrase &quot;Great Scott&quot; ha 
@GlamSU Thanks and A big hello from Denmark  Great finding you guys here 
Great day thus far. A First on my essay, and out of lecture early. Could get better if my iMac dispatches and next week's RB DLC's good 
http://twitpic.com/5omto - At the cinema after The Jonas Brothers 3D ! Great ! 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5o6qh - Your RayBans look awesome, love them ?  Great pic ;DD
just got back from the city. Great day out  Little pitter-patter and a bit of sun...
@EmilWilbekin Aww hell no!! Remember baby Biggie and 112 lol. Great video 
#FollowFriday @julibarcelona another wonderful woman from Chicago. Great links,smart and engages you with smart links 
Woohoo! I'm up &amp;about already  Great start to this busy day full of lots to do. First: going on a jog, then shower, then taking my...
Morning all! Great banquet, mucho fun at Kelsey's!  Last day of school
Off to Beantown; have a Great Friday! 
@justashley Great fun   I have 11, 9 and 6 yr olds which makes for v noisy household lol. Twitter is great tonic
@xanneroo Watched R&amp;J. Sky info called you 'Moving Wallpapers Alexander Armstrong', tsk...idiots. Great interview tho! 
@noahhawley, @EthanSuplee Great idea!  Shall it be #savetheunusualmustache ?  
Mind Priorities EP launch was good. I have awesome cousins  Great job guys!
Breakfast burritos and coffee @ work today. Great start to my friday 
@sspieker Great to meet u in person yesterday! It's so funny when u meet people that u chat with on Twitter; it feels a little stalkerish 
@Jeth2DaRow I dunno what's worse, drunk dialing or drunk texting... I don't practice either  Great tweets you've got there! Stay tuned!
Having my coffee, hope everyone has a Great Day! Thanks to all for the follow's   www.scgiftbasketsplusmore.com
Great morning so far. Sleeping on a table-less kitchen floor is not so bad 
@LauraKennedy Mix of both pool &amp; beach and shopping! Great sales this weekend 
@skeletonkey Great comments on community in that column. Nice work. 
RB via@maufeitio: She is unique and I really like her a lot, too. Great choice!  ? http://blip.fm/~6tgcp
@cadillaczak Yeah, I sure did! Great stuff, but I think @nicburleson held up.  He should have swung for the fences! http://myloc.me/1oju
Great aunties house, offered food 4 times in 10 minutes! ... Agreed to small meal = 4 course feast then coffee, biscuits and chocolate. 
@SeeJay @chanux @geekaholic Watching the video podcast on UCSC tv. Great work guys 
Great brunch idea..Indulge in sweet italian sausage, carameized onion, white pepper omlette!!! W or w/o the bun   http://twitpic.com/5p3yb
I just haven't heard them in a while  Great Song &gt;&gt;&gt; via @NicoleVSanchez &lt;&lt; ? #FollowFriday ? ? http://blip.fm/~6tjku
Great day in the park!!! Pics coming soon 
@rarmendariz Great Blog! I think it's great 2 have that insight. I turned 31 last wk. A life plan would b nice, but I love my life as is. 
@identity4 Hey very cool stuff there Paul! Keep it going  Reminds me a bit of the early Hybrid sessions. Great work!
@StoneDarth Commented, favorited, and 6stars (if I could)! Def one of your best! Great job!! 
Enjoying '05 Nth Degree Syrah from #wente ... Great way to #wine down the day 
Great day. Its gonna be hard to top. Goodnight. 
Great brainstorming day today. Off to bed now. Goodnight all! 
@prateekdayal Great post! Most of your recommendations are bang on.  Funding your startup by consulting on the side: http://bit.ly/pSSCh
- Great day people-watching in Berkeley with my bro  I love him.
@KyeGrace Great blog Kye... of course I maybe slightly biased...    http://www.sablok.com
@gypsyraven I have a portable one from Costco. Great for those 4 days a year here when it is summer. 
Great shower, so fresh &amp; clean. AYE class tomorrow. Day 2 of school and i already want to cut my toe nails...   I never cut my toe nails..
@OKStateAlumni I love the new &quot;What is Orange&quot; campaign! Great to get us alumni involved &amp; engaged. 
Ha ! The just fledged Great Horned Owl was perched on my TV antennae on roof !  He looked really funny there  I laughed and he flew off
@Virus_Wolfcane http://twitpic.com/54zn0 - That is Great!!!! (Is that a blue jay talking to the Cardinal?) 
Great workout, no girls' night. Personal Bible study instead 
@TamaraSchilling  Great linking up with you on FB, too!!!
@prihani I knew your name looked familiar  Thanks for reading! Your nickname is now Mr. MANO. Great organization.
Suuuuper tired. People love them some lumpia. Thanks to @Massive_Monkees for coming out. Great show 
@davidhoang I love Rice 'n' Spice.  Great food.  Nice owner. 
Watching So you think you can dance/ Spelling bee....Great shows!! 
@MSquared42 Thanks for the follow, Maureen!  Great to connect with you here. 
Great post on Marketing Pilgrim, social media is not necessarily important to everyone, regardless of all the hype    http://ow.ly/9N8d
@djdnice My fav DJ!!!! All is well w/ me, I knw things are Great for you! 
@McStaci Was that Tom Glavine I saw in those pics? Great pics, especially the last one. 
&quot;Be yourself, everyone else is already taken.&quot; - Oscar Wilde Great Quote 
Great now I smell like a fire.  Again.  I need to not have so many fires!  But I loooove S'mores!  And friends. 
I'm tiiiiired, I'ma go to bed. Going Great America tomorrow  Hella excited. Sucks that hella people are not going though.. *sigh.
Great ride!!!  Palmy to Wellington. 4:31 Near perfect conditions. 
@genehiga Great shot of you (and Bogie 
@cityguyyoga Great to 'see' you! Your blog article sounds interesting 
@CarrieEmmy Thanks CE! That was fun! Great to see Julia and Cooksterz in there too. We'll have to do it again soon.  Tag you're it! haha
@paul_steele Great weekend to be moving. Will be good exercise too! I hate moving house (unless someone else does all the hard work!) 
SEnuke SEO Software Great auto submitting content to web 2.0 accounts with auto captcha  http://bit.ly/AKRp7
Great night at chain reaction.. Props to @LYDIAmusic and @mindywhite  And 21 minutes till I turn 20! Yeahhh
Great social media tip from WebProNews, optimize your social media profiles, it matters in the longrun    http://ow.ly/9N9V
Raelin was amazing tonight, as always. Great seeing the higher too.  lets do it again tomorrow!
@Odegard Great to meet you too! I look forward to more Estonia tutoring before my trip. 
@velmadaria Great wordz of wisdom! I feel as though my entire day has been ruined, but it's def a lesson learned. Thanx for that 
@DodgersMLB Great Victory Today! 
MUST FOLLOW! @FullySustainabl The Guardian of Gulf Islands nature  Great Guy! #followfriday
Great time tonight @ Buddha Tao. If u haven't made it out there yet. Come! I think I put on a great show! 
Aah, this time I WILL take that MINI cabrio to test. The whole weekend. Great, here comes the rain 
@enricoeric Great! It's easy to make and tasty, too. I was just thinking, &quot;gosh, I cook like an old Okinawan lady.&quot; Doh! 
@dylanmoran: Hence the lack of literary masterpieces in one tweet...  Great to see you hear, loved Black Books and your shows!
@AdamClark905 Great use of Twitter, Adam 
Hey all !!! Tomorrow big party on a boat, free entrance for all on my guestlist !!! Great 
Meeting with The Book of Life people... Great gang 
@HelenHRSC Great! Let us know what you think 
@BostinBloke Great! Enjoy the riverside if you can 
Saw Derren Brown last night, Enigma... Great show... 
@aubreyoday: elton john! Great song.. Just mastered it on the piano! 
#followfriday @weeyin @carolemoyes @carole29 @arancinibaby @tyrelassie @keryje  Hot hot hot!  Great Tweeps!  
@JasonD interviewed by @ChrisGarrett of Promotions.co.uk - http://bit.ly/FapF6  - Great Comedy Images 
@lmcnelly a better film? Even in two weeks?! Great art is never finished, it is abandoned. Know when to stop and lock 
