Most common words for this cluster:
[('guess', 358), ('i', 74), ('today', 27), ('ll', 24), ('m', 17), ('quot', 16), ('time', 16), ('amp', 15), ('night', 13), ('day', 12), ('tomorrow', 11), ('work', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Guess', 0.9545446634292603), (u'KhloeKardashian', 0.6880626082420349), (u'Hmmm', 0.6794171929359436), (u'Yep', 0.6689238548278809), (u'Alrighty', 0.6668652892112732), (u'Hey', 0.6665633916854858), (u'Soooo', 0.6634314656257629), (u'Hmmmm', 0.6616461277008057), (u'Hint_hint', 0.6575297117233276), (u'Whadda', 0.6570452451705933)]





feels slightly ill. Guess i shouldnt have eaten Mc Ds after all. 
Another day at work!  Is it 5 o'clock yet? Guess not 'cause I'm still here.    Well, gotta go!
bummed that I forgot to go to Wal-Mart this morning at 5am on my way to work to get the new RF CD! UG! Guess I'll go on my way home 
@TheLegalVADana Guess I'm not cool  Can't make the  IVAA summit, but hope to follow some live tweets. Hashtag anyone?
Can't get into the cleaning/packing groove today. Want to be at Coachella too bad... So sad  Guess I'll listen to music? Bah. More coffee
So.. Here i am today... Trying to let go... Hell, they did... Guess i gotta move along my road without them. 
Guess I should think about opening the shop 
i really want to go to the cinema today as well  Guess I'll have to settle for a DVD
@sixtwentyseven I know! Guess I'll have to bring an umbrella 
Guess whos still awake? I can never sleep. 
Hmmm. Power's out... Guess I'm going to bed early! 
Now it is drizzling  Guess that means the IDT wins.
Woah. Guess Swine Flu has become a worldwide thing. 
Watchin Guess Who. R.I.P Bernie Mac. 
watching Guess Who? starring @aplusk and Bernie Mac....i love this movie.....i miss bernie mac.... 
Damn. I bought pitted prunes instead of pitted dates for my sticky date cake  Guess it'll have to wait till tomorrow.
OH got up at 4am to watch the Ricky Hatton fight,so I guess he'll be having a lie in  Guess we won't be goingt to church again!feel guilty
GRRRRRRRERR Oh well, Phone is broke, And twitter API is failing... Guess im off twitter for a while 
@Stickyplasters Morning gorgeous! Mylene stood me up  Guess she had someone better to do.
@Storm_Crow Bah humbug indeed. I mean, whatever happened to logic! Guess that's just a science thing... 
Oh, hail! Naw! Hailing outside. This was unexpected; it was supposed to be sunny today. Guess the backyard will have to wait. 
Hating that my ABC channel 2 is going out  couldn't watch the game--- Guess I'll be hitting up espn .com
I want a banana split sooooo bad right now! Mmmmm...Guess I'll settle for a fudge bar 
Finally located my WDW APs - in Jim's already washed shorts' pocket - they have not survived the ordeal  Guess I'll need Guest Services!
Gah! Comp is acting up. Dreadfully, this means my comp goes to work with me tomorrow. Guess who's editing during lunch break? 
@hollyalyxfinch Just Dm'd you...Guess that's a no 
Oh. Sorry to hear that...  Guess I'll see you when I get home...
St. Joe's is crowded for mother's day. Guess we're gonna be worshiping standing up 
 All my TV shows are ending for the season: stars in peril, cliff hangers, chars. written out. Guess I'll have 2 read (or write) a book.
Damn, #LOST won't be &quot;DVR'd&quot; for another 40 min. Guess I'll just go to bed... 
I actually said to myself at the time &quot;If this is right I will eat my hat&quot;. Guess I'm going to find a hat. Metabolism 
@HelpSaveBees Uh-oh. Guess who's in an &quot;up to 60mm&quot; area...  Thanks for the warning!
Hmmm, cold meds decrease milk supply. Guess I have to suck it up &amp; deal or Gremlin doesn't eat. Stupid baby 
Sleepy. Guess I should watch the microeconomics lectures 
@B_Cutno Guess you NEVER focused at a relationship because you sucked at that!!!!! 
Failed attempt tonight. Guess I have a couple more tries. 
Bollo*ks. No egg fried rice for Melody. Guess it's going to have to be those revolting fake noodles in a pot 
listening to my 2yo sing What What In The Butt... NOT GOOD! Guess I should pay more attention to what I say 
Discovered that a good friend of mine died today, in his late 30s, of a sudden heart attack. Guess non of us are invincible after all... 
No wildflowers yet on Green Mtn, #Boulder. Guess I'm gonna miss them this year. Bummer 
@Killaya BLIP FAIL! It's not there.  Guess Panty Shot will have to do.
: my season opener in USTA mixed doubles was a walk-over victory...  Guess a win's a win 
@wanderblah Eat yes. Hog no. Guess what, as punishment for all my meat eating, I am joining a strictly veg hostel, Gujju place! 
Just seen dates for Oz tour. Guess that means if they carry on after in Europe I def wont be able to be there 
ToysLogic took down their 1/8 Touhou Project pre-orders. Guess I'll have to pre-order from J-List for 10 dollars more per figure. 
Well... then instead of being excited for new episodes I'll will just be excited for the con next June  Guess it means bye bye tscc 
Going to be nice all week and crappy this weekend.  Guess my long weekend is Maine is out  
 no swimming today, it's raining. Guess I'll get some reading done today, going to barnes and nobel for new books.
@rafenator I know   Tweetie posts them with Twitlonger wich is awesome as some times 140 just isn't enough.  Guess I'll be using both apps
Going on day  4 of antibiotics and STILL feel like shit. Guess i made a bad choice by goin out last night. 
@Jalew just saw the announcement on #kwod. Guess I have the high school station #kyds, and Pandora in my car. 
@MonkeyBoi123 Well done MonkeyBoi on the job. Guess I will go back to into isolation that is my desk when you leave.  
Proud that a Latina was nominated as Supreme Court justice...too bad she is bleeding-heart liberal activist.  Guess you can't win 'em all 
Punkbuster Still Unsupported --&gt; http://bit.ly/sGVvJ &lt;-- So much for Gaming. Guess I'll just have to stick to working 
Guess I really do  need kettlebells! 
Well it almost was a good day... Guess I just retry tomorrow 
cries. AJ radio is gone  Guess I won't be DJing anymore.. until I get this fully fixed.. How are we btw? Heaps of homework, long weekend.
@serda23 Depends on what they want for it....I've become poor again 
@RhChestnut .. Guess ol' Tom has another mission impossible ... some of this is like trying to prove innocence .. I didn't get hugged 
@Emma300 Guess I'd better look out for a new best friend once those VIP tickets have been used! You won't want me anymore! 
Boooo Animal collective is already sold out.  Guess I'll be missing that show 
Guess I have to go back and scrape out the oven now. Blerg 
@caligirl00 ur Mom just called. Guess NOT. C U @ 5 
@StewartWade we did away with our netflix!   Guess I'll have to try our local Hollywood Video!
The geriatric negro grabbed my hand, forced me to let him kiss it. UGH. Guess who's fresh out of pine sol wipes. 
@_stl_15_ i liked the Guess ones  but NOOO they were &quot;too square&quot; ugh... ;)
@_STL_15_ i liked the Guess ones  but NOOO they were &quot;too square&quot; ugh... ;)
@LegalCookie Hmmm. Guess the stars weren't aligned. Welcome to my world. 
Damn... cop drove by my house 3 times... if that isn't a sign I dunno what is.  Guess no roof for me tonight...
Guess I'll make coffee and a frickin quilt if I can't sleep. 
@sharlease Laid off, you say? Guess I'm lucky - just my hours got cut back   This has been a BIG help to me: http://snipurl.com/i5q0h
not cool that the Vegas #blink182 show sold out so quick. Guess I'm really not going 
U know traffic is bad when u r concerned about breathing the 2nd hand smoke from the CAR in front of u. Guess no oil change 4 me. 
@halfwelshdragon@chorale winner.......#bgt Diversity..............YEAH!!! that's good............&gt; Guess so    hehe
Bought my son a new bike tire from WalMart. Somebody swapped out their old ruined tire for a new one and took it back. Yep, I bought it. 
Why did they use a girl wit a flat booty in the Birthday Sex video???? Guess that sucked for him 
@NKOTB well i'm Happy for everyone who gets to see u guys. Guess NC is just screwed. 
It's a wrap .......next game Orlando &amp; Lakers....Guess what I don't care for either! 
@SongzYuuup -dead- @ that retweet. Maaad funny. Guess they gotta give Dwight a puppet now. 
At Up!  No 3D. Bummer. Guess I'm too far in the boonies. 
Just spent an hour working on a new blog header, went to save, and Gimp ate it. Guess I should start saving for photoshop. 
Nobody is talking to me today. Talked to @elmorin for like an hour on the phone but Noone else in any form. Guess I'm not loved. 
Oh and my back muscle spasms returned  Idk why, cuz I haven't had any more probs for like a month. Guess I better find those exercises.
I feel like crying. Without stop. Well, there's nothing new with this feeling. Guess sorrow has been my friend throughout my whole life. 
Got elements for water heater and installed, turned on breaker: got FIRE! Thermostat shot to hell. Guess we get to try again tomorrow.   
@VernalEquinox I'm on now, but if you can't connect  Guess what Nicole did last night.........
@Rachelle323 I wanted to go see this with my husband, but had no babysitter   Guess we're both in the same boat tonight.Enjoy blockbusters
@crzydjm Well that wiki link to Splinter was spoileriffic  Guess I'll not need to watch it now.
Sunburns are not fun  Guess I'll get a tan this year... by force!
Hmmm...new code isn't better.  Just different problems!  Guess I'm going to have to give up for now and finish this website for tomorrow 
@justingimelstob Thx. That's what thght, since it isn't streaming either. Guess will know result before it airs  Looking frwd to Verdasco!
Soooo sore from roofing. Guess that means no Silver Comet ride today. 
Guess theres no more nice tennis to watch 
@wyndwitch Guess what? my 8 year old has just returned from his dads and has swiped my Buzzz!  He was doing the whole mum pleeeaaassseee?!
Soooooo bored n lonely!!  Guess I'll start dinner soon.
The raisins turned my face red  Guess I'll stop now lol.
My cous in Austin hasn't txtd me back yet  Guess no vape (smokies) break. He has the BEST vaporizor. Mmmm &lt;3
@jimmydapants congrats! Guess we will have to find some new &quot;trailer people&quot; friends  you have graduated &amp; moved on. Sorry to see you go.
@Jay_Tiz Guess I'll have to watch it on the laptop before they cut off the internet. With sub-par sound and a small screen. 
Guess ill go 2 bed early 2nite . . . Theres nothin 4 me 2 do and i dont feel good 
 I forgot to put away my laundry earlier so my beds full of clothes. Guess its going on the floor. Dog hair is always in, yeah?
Sorry for the invite to SpyMaster everybody. Guess I should have waited for people interested to ask for an invite before I sent it out. 
@jaffne  Nope    Guess Google has just made me a bit spoilt!
@jaffne Nope   Guess I've been spoilt by Google!
@Sugarplumdream Thanks soooo much. Honey seems to be the key ingredient. I'm having warm milk and honey.Guess time &amp; patience will do it 
Following @Anduial to the bus... What am I going to do now?  Study? Guess I have to...
@RGreenberg Hey! Saw the post about people finding ST confusing  Guess I better get to WordCamp and inform! Still grabbing wine soon?
@MissMarie01 omg! I know. It sucks. Guess who our trainer is. Effing michelle. Not a fan!!  just my luck. Haha
@joeymcintyre Damn...knew I was gonna miss you.   Guess I'll just have to watch the video later.
heading to birth class and its storming. Guess I gotta drive  I LOVE thunderstorms so its totally worth it ;)
@EvertB Brilliant thank you. That's a very impressive profile. Guess I'll have to fill mine up a bit then 
BAH! I know now how ZipCar actually makes money   Late fee = $50. Guess I should double check my resie end time next time...
Have discovered my month-old 85mm f/1.8 has back focusing issue. Guess it's off to the Canon repair center 
Battery dying and my charger is at work .... WTH Guess this is goodnight 
@EricsTXGal Did you listen to Dallas' show last night? Guess I have to do that too, in spite of it being a love fest for the damn Viking. 
Guess some of us arent ment to find love and be happy. destined to be alone. 
So @robertverdi didn't show up on Housewives  No 3rd time=not my lucky day. Guess the Shopping Gnome won't be leaving a gift at my door.
Sorry but &quot;I Guess&quot; no 2 o'clock call 
Anzac lying on the lounge next to me and was just a very dirty dog. Guess which end was closest to me? 
@PH7S coffeeTU, sushiTU, karaokeTU, all are not pregnancy friendly . Guess everything must hold until after labor+breastfeed period 
Guess I'll take a shower now 
Barnacles!!!! All these channels and aint ish on! Guess I will watch Lilo n Stitch 
I am awake at 3:47 am and thanks to Sarah, I can't stop thinking about French toast  Guess what I am making for breakfast.
Guess the conversations runs dry 
@harsha Guess what! What did they try to prove by giving 2 spot awards in 3 months to someone you know. Screw him really bad! 
just got my all access pass for #SummerJam.  Guess there's no way out after all 
@idkmybfferin  Guess what. If I had the link, I'd show you, but I was watching a vid Jackson made for MTV. At the end he showed his kitty.
@ItsJoelen Aww thanks but I'm good. I get mine from Smart&amp;Final. Guess I can't buy ER cups from Michaels anymore tho. 
Laundry baskets full too. Guess tmrw's chore day  http://twitpic.com/6ofql
Gas is $2.98 here.  And so it begins. Guess I won't be travelling that much over the summer. Only for special trips.
awwww!  Dang!  Wrong package!  Guess my new clothes aren't coming today 
So, the oven is missing knobs... which means I can't bake.  Guess I'll have to settle for virtual Wii baking. So sad.
Okay so these jeans USED to be fitted......  Guess I need a belt
@eckodabrat: oh ok. Guess it'll still be FOREVER before I see U 
No show tonight.  Guess I will have to amuse myself somehow. Pride is next weekend though! Yay! Parade! and parties!!
- went to the library &amp; checked out no books for me.    Guess I'll chip away at the Mt. Everest-sized stack next to my bed.  ;)
Camera died while trying to download all of my photos  Guess I'll work on dinner while the battery charges....
Cv joint went out on the way to leave topeka... Guess I'll miss that wedding. 
Guess who got stuck sitting next to an evil ho at graduation? 
Bicycle pump doesn't work, CRAP! Guess I'm walking the entire shift. 
DANG want some pho n too bad there isn't a 24 hour place like in Cali  Guess I have to go to the FOB club n eat it there...
Gilmore didn't record  Guess I'll just read a bit of Brisingr before I sleep.
Cell died in the middle of talk w chat guy. Plugged my phone in for 20 min &amp; when I called back, he was asleep. Guess no cumming tonight. 
@DailySpud Oh no!  Guess it was too much to ask for the glorious sunshine to last too long. Tried to grow tomatos-spent $200.00-2 tomatos 
Everyone fucking bailed on me this weekend  so now I'm free up.  Guess I'll just play WoW.
Trapeze school: FAIL. Disappointed. Guess someone who is afraid of heights shouldn't try hanging 25 feet in the air. 
@Amie__88 It does say delayed on the schedule. I only read the NEW part..LOL Guess I should have looked for the live. 
*Sigh* doesn't look like I'll be going out tonight now  Guess I'll just stay in and play on sims 3
@_natearchibald I'm Feeling Better...   I Guess
Guess who's mom forgot dessert? 
Purple dress was wrinkled and blue one is lost?  shorts I Guess...life is hard
@armyofians Sorry to disappoint. Guess I'm starting from waaaay behind the armyofians. Its just that there aren't that many Marjas around 
Had a GREAT time at the concert, wish there was another one tomorrow   Guess ill have to wait till next year too see them again!
I just bricked my wii and had to send it away to Nintendo. Guess I won't be playing Punch Out! for a while 
Dunno whats wrong with me...from past 5 days...I sleep only for 4-6 hrs a day. Guess its exam. 
BOO! iKasper was taken.  Guess I'm going to be iKasperr...
@WelshDragon72 Really, have I been that naughty?  Guess I'll have to take my punishment then... *Sits sadly on step* 
Sigh.  My Kalu'ak reputation is 350 short of exhalted.  And I've done all the quests and dailies.   Guess it'll be tomorrow.  Pengu &lt;3
Urrgh.  Dealing with another migraine today.  Guess I'm going to miss the Tweetup and crawfish berl.  That really sucks, I wanted to go.  
Tweet grade = F.  Guess I didn't study hard enough... 
nnnnoooooooooooooooo       Guess it's ok that I'm not at Pocono now.
Just tried to eat with an inverted spoon.. Guess cash-training took more out of me than expected. Split-shift though  3-hour break LOL
Guess he couldnt in shopping after all 
Portable earphones just died  Guess there's an excuse now  to splurge on some IEMs. Still, I'm quite found of these JVC Marshmallows
Guess who has a whole jug of diet Hawaiian Punch?  blechhhh
Awe! Yogatoday.com just started charging a subscription fee  Guess the ad supported thing wasn't bringing in the $$.
Noon in th NL and i'm still in bed. Guess it's safe to say  I'm not going to work today... I feel  blah
I wish I was in PIT right now for the parade. Guess ill have to settle for the wpxi feed 
How many Britney's are there? I just got 5 more of her 'vid' proposition, just by typing 'Britney'. Guess I'll get more now. 
Lost my access.  Guess I'll watch it tonight when I get home (DVR). Keep me posted people.
Guess two is a crowd. 
I'm home people... Sad part is I still can't rest! Guess where I am... WORK   It's all good, sleep later! I give a speech on Wed., Wi ...
@beaker @ruv Cisco puts together the cloud dream team. - Guess I'm still on the bleachers getting picked on 
Buy magazine solely cos of free lipstick in shade that suits EVERYONE.Just tested lipstick - yeeugh!Guess I'm not everyone 
Guilty. As expected. Only $180. Guess i won't eat or drink for a while 
Registration for Semicon 2009 is $100!  Guess I won't be going as free passes ran out on the 5th. $#(&amp;@*!!
Gr! @100MonkeysMusic will be playing within walking distance of my house on saturday. Guess who can't find somebody to go with? Tragic 
is wishing the SOX were on tonight. Guess I have to do the housework instead 
@ElexisKababitch Yeah this is quite messed up.   Guess we'll just have to wait until we find out tomorrow! woo... I'm nervous... ((((((
@Gillette73  darn it, those 2 games you mentioned are PS3..dang it, I got a 360. Guess I gotta pick up Gears of War instead.  
Where you at mane?? Guess you went to sleep. No...... You're on TWITTER! 
Soy promotes estrogen.. Cowmilk promotes 'damp heat' and digestive intolerance.. Guess I'm quitting lattes 
http://twitpic.com/7jd6o - Guess who showed up at the show! Sorry @dougiemcfly You were too far away. 
So bummed! Tried to get @taylorswift13 tix during the presale and immediately there were no tix available   Guess I'll be tryin again  ...
Gooooood morning!!!! Guess what? I STILL haven't gotten the cd  I have to wait till later today... Oh well happy Jonas day hahahaha
Just took my computer to Geek Squad. Guess I'm offline for a couple days 
Hm. Guess I won't be eating lunch today. 
@goldeneye Looks like I missed the local DFW equivalent. Guess I'm waiting for the Windows 7 launch event now. 
@adamsmith Ugh, that sucks! Guess we won't be hanging out at the PG pool anymore. 
Guess i'm not going for a run   stupid tornado warnings!
101 degrees in Florida!!! How I'm i gonna make it this summer?!!! Guess I'll be spending my nights in the bathtub 
Guess I'll start packing   then go buy some gifts and then I'm going golfing again...
@TuttleTree Hmm...it used to be sold by the same people who brought us baconaise.  Guess it's a colectors' item now... 
I haven't twittered today; whadd uppp my tweepies. Watching GrandTorino at fuckers house.. Wow. Guess I'm gonna play dumb right now 
@gilesvangruisen Sad face.  Guess i will go off to sleep then.. thanks for the heads up Giles!
Using a direct download link of the 3.0 ipsw link didn't work... sigh.  Guess I'll have to wait for iTunes 
Uggghhh - I am so sad that my trusty babysitters aren't available so no Robin for me   Guess it was not meant this time around.
I am up at 3am because i have an iPhone addiction and thought i could get my update now...i cant.  Guess i have to wait till the actual AM
I hit my sister using my pillow from the back and she got shocked. Guess what she did, she actually pinched my nose real hard! Omg, hurts 
@AllStaffRecruit Well done you! Guess that means no more M&amp;S biscuits when you next visit 
Oh sweet, insomnia/hyperness kept me up all night. Guess I won't be sleeping until I take a nap during the day! Fail. 
@chartier: shoot! I was all excited that our iPhones show a 6/18 delivery date. Guess when Cupertino says the 19th, they mean it. 
@visualmadness II'll be in bed in 5 hours  Guess it's not that exciting really, features will be more helpful long term.
Fuck you fever for ruining my plans. Guess I'm not going to MOD after all 
Worst week ever!!! Can't get a student loan to save my life!! Guess I'm dying 
@mz_Karen  Guess what numbers packed already ... 
Just Waking Up..Guess I'll Get REady For SKooL 
BTW, I had a diet pepsi, not beer!! Guess what? Our flight has been delayed!!! 
Omg the only tickets available for Blink were the VIP packages that're $200 something. Guess I'll wait for the public on sale. 
Well, the house sparrows rebuilt the nest we tossed 2 days ago, and now there's an egg in it. Guess we'll wait for the rest to be laid. 
Another late night for @jakespotter  Guess I'll make my own dinner tonight. Boo. Actually yay - SALAD time! And wine of course;)
@SoOunTM Thats what I was afraid of. Guess I'll have to wait for my cool copy and paste. 
@casperlove I MC today. Guess with the medication can't join you tmrw for drinks le. Sorry. 
Spoke too soon. Guess today isn't that great of a day afterall... 
Well I'm bout to get me some popcorn and have a movie night alone. Movie for tonight: Halloween! Guess ill cuddle up wit my pillow again 
@ddlovato Hi Demi! Guess what? We're in the same province! Too bad I can't see you  You should totally stop by Hamilton. Hahah
I wonder how long it's gonna take f me to pay back my college loans AFTER I graduate...? Guess I'll never be rich. Sad, but possibly true 
Wanted to run, but creepy guy has been out there all night tonight  Guess I get tonight off.
This is BS!  Its 3am and I'm just tossing and turning in bed. I can't sleep for the life of me!  Guess I'll be a wreck tomorrow 
Isnt feeling the brightest.. Dunno if imma stick around work.. Guess we will see... Other wise good morning. Work to 4.. hopefully sooner 
Slept for 3 hrs, feel better but can't go back to sleep. None of my Messenger play friends are up yet    Guess I'll try to sleep more.
Looking at my calendar and only see a 30 minute opening today. Insane. Guess I'll use that time to file my expense report. 
Tried 2 turn green, but it doesn't seem 2 be working 4 me  Guess it's because the computer's having a hard time opening anything right now
@LilPika Sad face on the work thing, hope it turns out okay.  Also, 8800GTS no good for ArmA 2? Guess I won't buy it yet, then. ;3
Blegh it's back up. I got the message that you get when they change something on the page earlier. Guess false alarm  #QuickPwn
Believe our pirate ship is sinking... Mapped most of caibbean, real estate industry= ouch! Guess time for a new plan.. don't like offices 
@YoungQ Guess Dreamer Drive only for US preps  ? x
just went to Avante Garde store and discovered the bracelet they let me borrow for Gaga concert cost $400. Guess I won't be buying it 
Hair fail.  Guess I go back next week. 
@Mangomo sorry I just got your message  I'm at QT Nails now then off to a hair appointment. Guess what? I got Aimee!
I really hope the weather tames down in Kentucky &amp; pray that my bf stays safe while he's there! Guess I'm going to find some food alone 
Wanted 2 go 2 #smcmelb this morning 4 the 1st time, but slept in and running late     Guess I'll try again next week
&quot;lol Vito. Quite the lala land you're in.&quot;  Guess that means I didn't argue my point cogently enough?  
@Jax_Weather  Guess no rain tonite! 
@ the shop today!!! WTF?!? Who wants to sit in a shop on Fri afternoon??? Guess that's what happens when ur hair stylist is ur dad! Ugh 
MBP screen won't turn on. Guess I'll take it to the mac DR in the morning. 
Darn it I liked Ashley. I even voted for her &amp; K. Guess I didn't vote enough times.   #SYTYCD
annoyed that the vending machine doesn't have vanilla coke.. Guess I'll have to have Zoke (coke zero) instead  I was badly craving it too!
@thefresnan damn. Ch 30 webmonkeys' vids don't play on iPhone.  I want blooood! Guess I'll watch tomorrow.
Geez. @xZullyZombiex's bed was dirty. Had to clean it myself. // Guess I'm singing by myself tonight. 
@luvlotsafun hey Kevin. Long time no talk. Guess you are not talkin to me any more 
Missed the iPhone development seminar today because of a number of big orders  Guess thats life! Sad though!
@amyfelker Guess who's at work?? ME. 
I received no text message. Guess sunday is all we have to have fun again  nyaks! may meeting pala ang metro  SAD.
cant believe tickets to the Vancouver Peace Summit start at $100. Ouch! Guess Im not going this year 
Cherry Dr pepper rocks! Too bad they never have it at the gas station. Guess I'll drink a regular dp 
@markjardine Sorry to hear that rebooting didn't do the trick. Guess you just need to wait. 
Catastrophe-my banana just took a dump.  on the office floor-major EEW. Guess I won't be eating THAT banana (I sense a theme here...)
@dotmariusz  Guess I need to find a Gotham anonymous meeting...
No drinking with @nbalsera 2nite.  Sniff.  Guess @SamIAmADog will have to match me shot-for-shot...
Heading for parking now. Guess no Curly W beach towels for us 
@terracecrawford Dude, that sucks! I was about to ask if you had any luck there. Guess you did...just bad.  #squarespace Fasting.
@JooIs + 2x5 paypal charges as they paid by card  Guess I was lucky the payment went through. Buyer rules on there.Sellers get the finger.
Gaaah I think I killed the wireless in Abbey house!  Guess I'm not actually done working for the week yet...
Wife's blackberry took a little bath today.  Guess we know where my 3GS upgrade is going to be used if the bag of rice doesn't help 
Darn it! Guess I'm going out after all 
Sittin @ my parents house with no power  FML once again I'm starvin! Guess ill jus go 2 bed n get me some Henry's n the morning
@DoinItWell Guess that's what I get for saying I wasn't going to be here  Sorry I missed you, W.
Guess I was forgotten  ass
I can't find my post from an hour ago.  Guess TweetDeck is glitchy. 
hates life.  Guess I'm back to searching for schools out of Indiana.  Lost my reason to stay.  
Ahh! Serenity movie from the library is too scratched to play properly &amp; keeps skipping.  Guess this is a sign that I should go to bed...
Got no one as yet to watch Wolverine with... Everyone s either pre-occupied or not interested..  Guess i'll have to watch it myself..
Unbearably bored. Guess I'll just turn on the tv and watch some stupid tv shows. 
Booo I can't sleep and my husbands not here to put me to bed.  lame. Guess I better do it myself ;-)
So much for doing anything with my hair today... It will just go POOF ... Guess I'm tying it back! 
I have a Grad party 2night @ 7 They're Met fans.................  Guess I'll have  to watch the encore
Noticed something wrong with my dogs eye last night. Looks almost like pink eye. Guess i'll be spending the day at the vet. 
@JessicaJang wait... Money doesn't grow on trees? What have I been doing with my life? Guess I'll have to find a job 
Used Pwnage to upgrade to 3.0 to use my non-iPhone plan AT&amp;T sim. Guess they don't like that, I have phone but no data.  Back to 2.2.1 
@kennyisamazing I wish I had the same tanacity as you   Guess I'm just too lazy... and I don't have anyone to kick my ass. LOL. XOXO
Monitor. Worst timing ever. No more warranty either. Guess i get to get a head start on the desktop i'm building  sigh
Have to take macbook in for service  The encasing broke. AGAIN. Guess I will have to work on windows for the remainder of the evening 
Nobody, really? - Guess i'll have to go on with Dolby PL II then.   
No marching in parade tonight. Doctor's orders. Guess I'll comply...I don't feel much like dying in the name of Marty's 
Guess I need mobile spell-check. 
Aww, my Flight Control stats were lost when I upgraded to my 3G S. Guess I'll just have to go make new high scores. 
@TheLindsayLohan Guess you two Are &quot;Back together.....AGAIN&quot;........ 
Smoke alarm just sounded briefly. Guess one of the batteries is dead. Wish it would kindly beep to alert &amp; not sound the sirens tho 
I thought things were ok. Guess not. I'm not in the mood to chat.  Night
@SooSpecial my drank aint do nothin for me last night. Guess I gotta stick to Malibu n jus b fucked up the nxt day  boo love n as well
Damn, me and @msnarain couldn't get the #novelrace web site done by yesterday night  Guess it'll have to wait till after my exams are over
Guess i'll have to wait until tomarrow for a video. 
WHEW! Finally gained access! Guess I won't be doing that crap again! I knew better too! 
@michelleann68 Oh, I see. I think it got boxed up with the wrong season, as a special feature. Guess I can't watch instantly, then... 
Guess I'm starting with hip hop tonite 
@RasmusP Unfortunately no.  Can't buy that for another few years. Guess again!
Sigh... $300+ USD/month by my calculations to enable push on iPhone  -- no unlimited plans. Guess &quot;find my iPhone&quot; is out of the picture
@originalist nope, I don't    Guess I'll be running to Blockbuster!
Thanks to my parents, up WAY earlier than I wanted to be  UGH Guess I'll eat breakfast--power hr at our pool bar starts at 10am!
I wish we had a Starbucks here - I'd KILL for a caramel mochiatta!!! Guess I'll just have to make do with a green tea ...yet again!!  
&quot;fox&quot; hates me    They made etsy take off my listing for a reconstructed Simpsons Tee, Guess they didn't see the skirt I have, uh oh...
@lallen349 I know  Tried to delete it.  I keep forgetting to uncheck the names w/new tweetdeck. Guess it won't matter now 
Everyone left once we got home, and now I'm lonely.  Guess it's Vampire Knight time then.
Forced to watch politics.  Every channel!?! Guess I'll crochet in quiet.
Someone needs to explain to me how #saveohiolibraries hasn't made NATIONAL news!!  Guess too much celebrity fluff?  
Swimming with Sharks got cancelled  8-10 foot waves with 30 mile an hour winds out there. Guess mother nature didn't want me to do it
@SmoothKnight21 Dang u got me waiting like a mug! Guess I could wait, and listen to Usher's version for now   lol
Hmm why do I feel so sad and alone this morning. Guess the pills ain't working so well 
Can't access Google in China - BOO     Guess I've gotta us MS's new www.bing.com  meh.
Raiding the kitchen for food - MISSION: FAILED   Guess I should go to Tescos, uuuuurgh
OMG, my allergies led a full attack on me today. Guess the storms unsettled some allergens last night. Zyrtec, take me away! 
Heading to a debriefing at the EOC. Guess they need to talk to people if you were there when they pull a 5 year olds body from the lake 
I just smelled this Guess by Marciano Gotta get it!!!! I guess i'm gonna give up the polo double black  til fall that is.
Hmm. The fridge in the break room appears to be broken. Guess I better hurry up and eat my yogurt 
Now I understand why new kids say it's easy to make friends at Lab. I have difficulty at Neuqua. Guess I'm there for training not friends 
@feblub I was gonna go alone. Haven't done it in 5 years. Blame Coldplay and Oasis. Guess we're the only ones. 
@HorrorGeek Yer site is missing the awesomest of all site links in your 'llinks' section  Guess which site?
@sharlyn_lauby Cool - sounds fun!  Guess I need to start a blog 
@aj99000 pineapple is my faave! I can eat it till my tongue goes numb. LOL!  Guess IRS the Hawaiian in me. 
Guess who's a twit? 
@dotnetcowboy  I lost Federer a few weeks ago too. All my boys are getting married. Guess it's good that I already decided on Warren. 
Finally awake. Have to go to work and, do groceries and do laundry today. Yuck! Guess I shouldn't put it off 
@mrphildog Ahh we saw a couple of photographers we thought might be you and Colin. Guess not 
@swampfoxx @dirtcarracing not sure Hannity would hurt... think of the numbers.  Guess it depends on definition of famous.... 
I rang up a girl's purchase today at work and she used a Cardinals themed credit card. Guess who I was reminded of? Haha. 
just saw that Telstar lost against Omniworld. Guess they really don't give a fuck about those regular games anymore 
@catango http://twitpic.com/4auud - Too funny!  Guess Bryan thought you were overworked and wanted to take some of the load off. 
@jason030181 Yo, you got a celeb to block you. Now THAT is Internet fame!  Guess she only wants followers who praise and look up to her.
Hey! @JackAllTimeLow Guess What?I'm a Barakitten, MEOW! 
@stuartleech Depends who's asking! 
I feel much better Sleep was the charm I have a headache but aspirin with alcohol in my system?Guess not. Going to find something to eat. 
Suckage on me. BTW, two pairs of work pants in there too. Guess I'll start a trend of pants-free Mondays! 
@Jonasbrothers How do you have a live chat on Facebook? I don't get it... Guess I'm stupid. Anyway; I'll be there!  &lt;3
@danvallier Haha.  For the record, it's one word.    Guess who you get to see next weekend?
In an empty theater in Westwood about to see #wolverine. Guess everyone's seen it already? 
Had a busy weekend so couldn't update, except for yesterday which was spent on the couch watching SITC DVD's. Guess that's a type of busy 
Well, I'm happy with half of the final two. Guess which half?!? 
@amyknapp I dont like using the mouse.  Cmd-N has become 2nd nature to me. Guess I better learn Cmd-R.
@geewhy  You're just jealous!  Guess you'll be walking around the office tomorrow in your Malo!  
@RealMikeKnight @TeresaKopec - Guess POTUS will be able to do more digging &amp; folo up on the SS nomination. He's in a good pos 2 do that, 
@ppatel So Windows LiveWriter's accessible? Guess that answers that. 
Whole body is sore from moving hundreds of pieces of luggage last weekend.   Guess I should visit the gym more often 
@hma4983 I'm a laid back person for the most part, Vinny is the opposite.  Guess we compliment each other  it will all work out! How r u?
@MaxizPad hahaha! Guess you will have to reinforce your skates, haha... Remember who u r my friend, our semi-God with a gluten intolence 
@moodlefairy students at Leeds Uni using Blackboard I spoke to recently were very happy with it. Guess they didn't know any different 
I'm wearing a skirt today.  Haven't worn one in . . . a LONG time.    Guess losing 78 lbs has given me a little confidence. ;)  Heh.
Let's play: Guess where Kevin is posting this tweet from. You only get 3 guesses each, others will be deleted!  http://myloc.me/QXK
ordered the Sims 3 ^__^ waiting waiting waiting...and waiting some more  Guess I don't need wow now ^__^
It took us like twenty minutes to find a button that flew somewhere. Guess who found it? Duh, me, not matt 
Today is the anniversary of the first USA same sex marriage! Here's hoping to many more  Go, go I-O-WAAY!  Guess the state I live in!
@TheLonelyGnome Cool. Guess I'll bump into you when I bump into you 
@spranesh Guess the first question I asked it.. &quot;Is P = NP?&quot;  . and it replied &quot;Functionality for this topic is under development.&quot; Sweet!
Hooked up the MP4 player and ready for my walk.  Guess who I'm listening to ... 
Boredom...Guess i better go over my lines for this week lol...OR listen to Zachary Quinto talk in his interviews 
@hullywood_bound Guess who's joining you? MOI...I decided, what the hell. I will be there at 4! there is one that leaves even earlier. 
Guess where we were  go on i bet you cant guess!!! :L http://twitpic.com/5digg
Soooooo tired. Guess what! I'm going out with sean and we moving in together  yayaya lol. Going to Fuck sean now on the floor 
shout out DMooreMoney and his team Guess Who Ent. shout out to Rome and CBF qnz niggas never did me wrong 
@scribesolutions it is bad ...  I'd like 2 bake bread &amp; make soup but afraid power will go out.    Guess I'll organize closets.
@Vader101   Here's a non-Palin post.  I  have actually been talking a lot about Notre Dame. Guess u missed it.  http://tinyurl.com/pc389f
Just did the math. I didn't see my @glue_genie win yesterday because that's when I was boxing w/Wii Sports! Guess it is good to exercise! 
@theTVaholic  Thx I didn't realize that.  Guess I was the only one who watched it 
I am always so early for work at Vinny's. Guess that's a good thing. 
@thomasfiss Wow my dear. You sure are something else!  Lol! Oh! Guess what! I got your individual t-shirt from cinsay.com!! 
@westcoastvegas oh shiz! Oh well  thanks for looking out for me. Guess that's what tweethearts do!
Escrow is done for the most part. Moving into the house next weekend, rather than this weekend. Guess it gives us a little more time. 
@micah Aristocrat... indeed. When one has to resort to such lewd tactics... then you've really made it! Guess you keep good company then 
OMG still in Dena and I gotta go home wash and dry my hair, finish packing, and download music!  Guess I can sleep after Miami 
@lyracole Great set of pictures. Messed me up with the Guess Where Seattle stuff 
