Most common words for this cluster:
[('guess', 294), ('today', 23), ('day', 19), ('i', 19), ('home', 15), ('time', 12), ('tomorrow', 11), ('lol', 11), ('na', 10), ('night', 9), ('wow', 8), ('hours', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Guess', 0.999944806098938), (u'Hmmm', 0.6010755300521851), (u'Yep', 0.5934146642684937), (u'Hmmmm', 0.5729276537895203), (u'Hey', 0.5706316232681274), (u'Soooo', 0.5658504366874695), (u'Any_guesses', 0.5639199018478394), (u'guess', 0.559463620185852), (u'Who_cares', 0.5571087002754211), (u'Hint_hint', 0.5542635917663574)]





Why is it raining tomorrow night after it was sooo nice today?!  Guess I should be thankful that I was able to enjoy it at least.
can't sleep.  And wondering why my following keeps going down?    Guess I gotta try and be more interesting!  Haha.
is still waiting for a dispatch, and just got up about an hour ago, after sleeping 4 hours. Guess I'll go back to bed 
Two hours late for school. Guess gotta go for make up again 
@bradradke you supposed to ask me, doing anything today? Guess i do nothing, so hot here 
wow, @myClipperNATION is following me, thats more than I can say for my Lakers.  Guess theyre too busy for their fans.
Guess I'm just not...cute any more 
@JonathanRKnight Thought we'd hear from u again b4 bedtime. Guess not this time! 
@mrtonylee Guess that means you're off then 
My mothers alarm is going off and keeping me from sleeping--Guess sleeping at a normal time ha its benefits  
No orders this week  Guess I'll spend today sewing and trying new cookie recipes.
@koolitz Guess we simply can't have it all 
imma gonna get some food myself.  sad. I wanted to go out and have a nice breakfast. Guess my breakfast dreams hardly come true!
Absolutely bummed by another rainy weekend!!!  When will it stop ????  Guess I'm going to have to forsake all outdoor shows only!!!  
Is sad we aren't going to kenny chesney this year.  96.3 playing kenny all day. Guess it will have to do.
@jackyj510 Seriously, i've been trying to learn to walk in stilettos for a while.. not working. Guess I was just meant to be 5'2 
its re-goddamn-diculous that its 4am and im wide awake. Wtf?! Guess im gonna get up and do some laundry 
Shit! My bro called me @ 12am, I was up, and didnt even hear the call  Guess he was locked-out.
I planned to sleep before 11pm but it's 5minutes to 12 already. Guess I'll definitely fall asleep in sch tmr... 
@atebits_support I would use. I'm a systems dude. I like complicated. I hate waiting. Guess not for most. 
Home on a sat night  Guess it's time to take over the world starting with my frezzer
   the batt to my internet connection died.  Guess its back to the mobile!
@edeneavanhanna I need 2 print pics too, maybe we could walk 2 the pharmacy? Guess wat happened 2 my mac this morning! 
@sn0rl4x What about arizona green tea? Guess i should chug a last glass of soda now 
Guess where I'm headed 2 this early! 
@stonexbaz Does that make us sad then? Guess it does... 
Sadness is a broken router.  Guess I'm upgrading the home after a blackout last night.
@IrishLad585 no, didn't have breakfast!  Guess I have to wait until lunchtime!
@artie711 gaslight manor in aurora. They went with a family friend before asking around to fit the budget. Guess you get what you pay for 
Yikes! We both got pretty sunburned today. Guess bay to breakers is definitely out this year. 
Craaap, why didn't someone remind me tonight was the last new ep of #snl for the season  Guess I'll catch the rerun eventually.
I'd be a lot happier if I were asleep. Guess not tonight 
Slowly gettn out of bed to a rainy day. Guess no layin out today 
@ether_radio ooh really? I haven't noticed... Guess I don't see them live enough 
Guess I'll go to bed 
I need a little cheering up!  Guess I better sleep it off!
Wow. Guess who's single...?    
1 &lt; 4. Guess who is more popular  @sjaardak
@HBSExecEd that was the class I was keen on. Guess I have to wait for next summer. bummer. 
I wish I could buy blink 182 presale tickets, but I totally don't have the money right now. Guess I have to wait for general admission... 
@benjamin_cook Guess I am very shallow then! 
Whuuurrrrr - glands really swollen now. Guess the weekend's a blow out. 
@jordanknight PS- Missed your tweets today!!!  Guess I'm addicted too.
I am so hungry...if my arm were on the core diet I would eat it!  Guess I have to wait until dinner is ready 
@Aphrosie It would still involve me standing up. lol. Windows are too high up. Guess im just gonna have to go out 
I don't understand teasing hair - how or why. Guess I'm not all that southern 
@AbhorrentAspen I am  Guess I gotta find someone else then.
@kathysena Guess u missed tweets from this morning. wife and i are kaput.   Figuring out my options..
I keep farting in my Guess dress. 
Guess I better go to bed since I have to get up early. Not really looking forward to that 
Sadly the car company I was buying a car off has gone into administration yesterday. Guess I can kiss goodbye to the deposit. 
 #asylm J2 panel is over. Guess it's back to normal life.
@knitch Guess that it might be then 
@akafrancie Guess you had that &quot;uh oh&quot; ?  
@LuckyRivera it didn't happen   Guess I have to wait till tonight...
@JordynsMom idk. I just got off the phone wit them n they said they'll look at it. Guess I'll have 2 wait till monday 
Something is technically wrong with twitter. Guess I'll wait til they fix it 
@JaylaStarr Guess i missed it, looks like it's been deleted 
I've never been so sick in for a competition... Guess there's always a first time for everything. 
@KickingUpDust; I'm still waiting her to retweet. Guess not 
it really did die. Guess im not going out anywhere since i can't use my phone anymore 
back from camping...seems the boy got a bit too much sun (without sunscreen! tsk tsk) and is not moving.  Guess we're stayin' in...no bbq 
Aaw there's no one to talk to at this hour. Guess il have to get ready instead. 
My bed is lonely tonight. Guess it's up to my body pillow 
What the hell is going on downtown??? It's madness!!!  Guess no pita pit for me 
It was fun tonight... I forgot to pack my pj's darn... Guess I have to sleep in my jeans 
@realbillcosby baby went home today  the house is so lonely without baby giggles! Guess i'll have to pop one out to make up for it
So much for the museum  Guess I can take my favorite youngest son &amp; drop him so he can enjoy, then pick him up later.
The cough isn't going away. Guess I should see a doctor... I hate doctors 
@lollipop_nana Just tell me &amp; ur sister what happens then. I can't stream it yet. Guess I just have to download it later or something. 
So much to do....so little time to do it.  Guess I should quit napping.  
it is 4 am and I cant sleep  Guess I am still on hawaiian time..
4am and I can't sleep   Guess I'll have to try to sleep on the plane.
No phone call   Guess I should give up, considering it's after 5am. lol.
It's a bank holiday so.......I'm working! Guess rhinos are not allowed to do holidays  and it's sunny too
I'm going to end my sale in folksy shop as no one seemed interested  Guess I shouldn't have picked a weekend when everyone was out in sun
@NewzHuddle  Guess someone else will get that then..
I just drove all around downtown because the bank turned out to be closed. Guess they changed their hours. 
Really....raining on my day off  Guess I will be running on the treadmill today
@gssq Guess I was too late. 
Who do I submit a request to in order to increase the hours in a day?  I just cant seem to keep up anymore... Guess I gotta cut sleep now 
@MalcomOSX I wanted to help warm your house. Guess I'm not meaty enough 
@fontenot619 Guess what? I'm gonna have a (somewhat) early night tonight, going to bed in 20 minutes 
- @flopearedmule  Guess that's the end of my love affair with emusic.
@pdxpeacock no snack cakes?!? Guess I should turn around and head home. 
My network is playing tricks on me this morning... Guess I have to do more things off line today 
What did I do wrong? I didn't win the $20m.  Guess winning the lottery's a bad backup plan.
@neethiisaac oh yeah!!  Guess we were too busy being pulled in diff directions!! ;-)
I am starting my 401K, but I thought I started it 4 years ago.... Guess not 
seriously I need some freaking chapstick and I left mine at home  Guess working past 6 is not going to happen.
@saucony darn, and I have an injured ankle!  Guess not. 
Guess some of us are ment to find love and be happy. destined to be alone. 
charm school suckz......pup is asleep....im all alone now. Guess I'll go to bed 
Gators lost in softball tonight.  Guess it will be another year of not watching baseball's evil stepsister.
The only thing I want to eat tonight is chicken schnitzel. Guess who is walking to the shops to buy it to cook it for me. Now I feel bad. 
@BrainTwitch I thought those things were to sleep as automated indexes were to libraries! Guess we've both hit a brick wall. 
Heading to another call. Guess I'll do my 12 he shift tomorrow with an hour of sleep. 
OH!!! It literally came through as I sent that last tweet  Guess I'm off then *sniff* remember me...
Ugh! And now I'm hungry. Guess I'll stop fighting it and get out of bed. This is going to be a long day 
Shins are a-killin'.  Guess 1 day off after long run wasn't 'nuff.  
@techcommdood So...we can't just by the music, but have to buy everything new?  Guess we won't be getting it either)
@angela618 what??? you are supposed to chose cereal based on the free toy????    Guess I've been doing it all wrong
We are SO far behind schedule for this wedding!!! And I left my camera at the hotel. Guess my page won't have pics. 
Oh ow...it's raining! Guess no 100m dash to run to 
I lost one of my chacos in a strong current.  Guess im gonna buy some new ones.
@MissPrissyBitch Guess what.. I've been smoking ciggz again.. hardbody 
@MarriedWDinner that's too bad.  Guess they just can' t handle their crowds. 
I have like 400 shards to go still, and that is way too many heroics for me to handle.  Guess I won't be getting that meta. 
@katie_roberts I got a D in gertys class.  Guess I'll be spssing in the fall.. 
@SkydiveMacca same here. Guess it'll have to be shopping and hair cut 
My human said I woke her with my snoring. I actually had rhinoplasty once for my stenotic nose. Guess it didn't help much 
I just woke up. Guess i need to do some housework before work!   ...im starved tho...is it wrong to eat chinese for breakfast?
Not feeling the treding topics today  Guess I will hitup bossip &amp; theybf
Wow, the garden is growing great.I seem to grow grass better than I do okra though  Guess I will be spending my weekend with a hoe
@audreygene damnit! I was gonna stop by and get icecreamm.. Guess im too late 
My friend carrie's apt smelled like alcohol and regret. Guess who didnt get laid 
Looks like another gray and rainy weekend  Guess l will just do so house cleaning :/
Oops.  Guess mommy didn't want that hosta dug up. 
This new script lets me see who I follow that isn't following me... like @barryfromwat Guess he doesn't like me 
Running out of quests.  Guess it's time for Ungoro *sigh* I don't like the sneaky-saurus rex 
Neccy stood me up  Guess he's busy!
Limping around all day....   Guess I'll be swimmimng tomorrow...rest my leg for awhile
@lisamwiseman LOL I don't have a tripod   Guess I'll have to keeP gawking to a minimum.. doesn't sound as easy as the red carpet shoot
Wow I at least thought one person cared about my well being! Guess I will go and sulk in my bed! 
had fun tonight, but I don't want to wake up in 4.5 hours.  Guess I'll go to sleep now.
@robsessed_twerd I didn't mean to seem like I'm ignoring you. Guess I'm a bad multitasker  Friends?
There's no ice cream in my fridge. Something else is missing too..... Guess I'll just go to sleep 
@e3visa Guess what, my friends on L1 are getting only 33k-40k p.a. 
@swingang Guess I can't swing cause I like to sweat! 
On the way 2 work... actually sober but sleepy  WTF! Guess thatswhat I get for staying out @ rooftop lol
@radiofreejenn I wish I had an answer for you.  Guess we will find out tomorrow. ;)
@LoweCocoLowe It would be nice if you answered BBMs....yep that would have been nice. Guess you didn't want my drop 
Home alone, but I don't have my car. What if a place I applied to calls me? Guess I got to leave it straight to voicemail..crap 
@lethalcupcake Guess the car charger idea was out then 
I heard quest crew was partying at the bank sat night too... Guess we barely missed them  bummer.
The rain is falling, the lightning is flashing and the thunder is cracking. Guess what, it's time for me to cycle to work. 
My father drives that dump truck. He waved at me. Guess i'll have to wait and go running this afternoon. 
Sitting at dr office with littlest monster. Guess she got an ear infection for bday too 
@haaswrites Guess that won't work #fail  
I own 2 soldering irons. One was in my spares box. One in the protective holder of the soldering station. Guess which one I plugged in 
@jtparker I miss it already.  Guess we will have to survive sleeping in other people's homes and swimming in their pools. 
I wish the gym was open 24 hours a day....I'm in the mood for a good workout! Guess I will have to wait until tomorrow 
I'm clicking my heels, but nothing's happening......Guess I'll keep on clicking until it finally happens...there's no place like home 
Home now. Guess I should start on this website.  wish I got paid well.
bleumoon: Guess everyone left....oh well  http://tinyurl.com/ntyzud
Just looked at my photos from download and i only have a few  Guess thats what happens when you spill alcohol on your cam
@heatherlbyrd  Guess I need a new direction, and perhaps climate. The mirrors are everywhere.
@anndouglas I was trying to reveal the writing under the art work with a candle flame. Guess I was holding the paper to close 
@heartshugs Still no job for me either.  Guess we just have to be patient.
Getting ready for another thunderstorm.  Guess I'll do some more homework.  
@DJHeatDC thanx, but no luck  Guess I'll just use my imagination
Guess i will be painting alone tonight 
@fentonslee yes, I'm having a fit.  He's very much a climber. Guess I need to let him learn that falling hurts, but it;s tough 
a week until my next/final exam! Guess i wont be leaving my house until its over  
@billbeckett Guess I missed where the chat was being moved 
@pdubtimm thankss! Guess hanging with me was no fun 
had a bad day and got in an accident. Guess choosing whether to drive or walk won't be an option anymore. Going greener, yay? 
Sleepless again. Guess that means writing more late night poetry. sigh... 
Really need to stop talking about food when everything is closed for the night.  Guess I'll stick with brownies then.
@Ayyaya Guess what I had a bad day 
@ImSoAuspicious I thought you was paying for the gas...that's a free trip.  Guess I'm outta luck 
Ouch, strep throat. Guess this means no more kiss-chase for me 
@sylnt Guess we're both oinking... I'm sick also  Just a head cold though, but I already had one 6 weeks ago!! #$%@!!
@beijingboyce It could also have been marketed as a real multicultural food place. Guess it's easier to do what everyone else does. 
Rather upset about the feedback i received from my ethics essay  Guess i should just not do ethics in the future lol :'(
Finally going home.. Guess no parade for me tomorrow  no ride 
@Mactown8Guess what?  @murphylee is trippin...he shows me no love anymore! 
Thanks for the #iphone clarification ppl.  Guess they're still gonna release it while I'm stuck on my 2 hour net-less train commute home 
So... My good friend is  that I won't be able to vote for the 2010 elections. I wasn't able to register! Guess who &quot;good friend&quot; is!
Guess I'm heading to work 3.0-less 
iPhone activation server issues   Guess I'll have to try tomorrow.
Guess I'm not moving out 
*sigh* Guess I should start doing what they pay me for now  
@peterfacinelli Guess not... 212,939 now 
not sure why my tweets are posting in pairs.  Guess I'm hitting too quickly.  #fitfam #bluebox
@panacea81 Guess what? I found pink mascara today! well fuchsia...as well as gold, green and burgundy...$1ea! but they only had 1 of ea 
@crispinfreeman Don't ya just love non-disclosure agreements?  Guess they need some way to keep the public curious..
I have absolutely no luck with the charcoal grill. Guess I'm a gas grill gal all the way.  #grilling
so twitter only keeps my last 2000 posts? Guess I should have backed them up sooner. 
thinks he threw his back out bowling last night. Guess I'm old 
I hate writing process documentation.   Guess i better slip on the headphones and get to it.
Testing twitter from my phone now. Guess i've become a nerd (again) 
I have so much work to do on our website and I can only do it on the home computer... Guess it's going to have to wait until the weekend 
I'm ready 2 go home!! Guess that won't be happening 4 another 5 hours cause I've gotta go 2 job #2 today 
Stooooopid third kitty in the house got sick too!  Guess I'm being clean-up-nurse again...
I wish i had more confidence, that girl in Guess today...wow! 
annoyed that the vending machine doesn't have vanilla coke.. Guess I'll have to have Zole (coke zero) instead  I was badly craving it too!
@sweetdiesel Getting over what?   Guess the sex podcasts didn't help?
I want a nap but there's stuff on my bed. Guess I better move it cause I can barely keep my eyes open 
Damnit. The package containing @asdfasdfghjkl's birthday present still hasn't arrived.  Guess he'll have to make do with hugs instead.
Another thunderstorm? Guess no bike ride today 
@IamDonJuan I will. I'm having so much trouble on this connection of mine.  Guess I have to wait til I go to my folks house. 
@willowdaisy Guess we won't see you tomorrow then   
had an amazing day, minus this wicked painful sunburn I got.  Guess I really am too Irish to tan 
feels like rain tomorrow. Stinks for the 6:30 am session I've got lined up  Guess we're callin' it last minute!
@cozmosis freaking update the whole day.  Things like that used to happen to me so much when my domain was new. Guess it's just a tiny..
Without a computer again. Guess its back to doing stuff with my ipod. I hate not having a computer!!!!! 
@bombazinedoll I texted who I thought was you! Guess you didn't get it. 
Still not able to receive calls on new iphone, but i can make them. Guess i'll be carrying around 2 phones for who knows how long 
Guess i should really go exercise 
Is hungry already... Guess I should have eaten breakfast 
today it is raiiiining  not fun. Guess i should go shopping...
@JazzeeJEF Looks like it wants to rain about here but I know that aint gonna happen. Guess you will be staying inside 
Up and about to try and enjoy this gloomy saturday.... Guess @Princesuave and da crew aint goin to nobody beach today. 
yikes! went off the reservation when I clicked that link. Guess it was something I didn't need to know 
@officialTila Guess I ain't cool enough to come...  haha
No tweet from #squarespace. Guess I didn't win today. 
nnnnngh, don't wanna get my ass in gear for school.  Guess that's what I get for taking summer classes.
@ddlovato Aww  .. Guess she can't see this. 
Guess I won't be going out 2nite 
@SinnamonS sorry hun. I tried     Guess ill make that up to you too ..
No more basketball   Guess baseball will have to do... ughh
AT&amp;T sucks. They should call their internet service medium speed instead of hi-speed. Guess I need to open the paycheck and call comcast. 
Just getting back from the family type thing. Why is it so exhausting? I did not get alcohol.   Guess I can handle it every 3 years, lol
 I got scolded for not waiting and spending MORE to find my perfect storage solution...  saddies Guess I should have *hangs head*
Guess I pissed u off.  I'm sorry 
Footage is 2 dark guys  gah.Guess we'll just have another fun day!But this time we'll have lights @matthewandrew @sammah @AcTiOnJaCkSon90
@kahlerisms Guess it spreads awareness of wtf is going on in iran. people dont need to die like that 
I can't figure it out. I hand selected @Latinegro &amp; told him him he could have ONE chance 2 fuck me. Guess he's not into sluts.. too bad 
Guess it's too late  @hnprashanth #bangaloretweetup
Another gray day...could have sworn it was supposed to be sunny today? Guess I'll start doing some ironing...ick 
Off to the game.  Guess I can't boo today.  
@SlwMtionDaylite I can't imagine anything else either...Guess we're gonna have to save up to even apply to film school... 
It keeps getting louder and is blocking TV noises!   Guess that means it's shower time.
@ecmanthony shit!!! Guess we can't shoot huh? 
Yay for brand-spankin' new phone!  =D but not for losing speed dial settings &amp; locked messages!  Guess it was time to let go. Haha. XD
@garbetjie Guess you figured out why I'm bleak when you got my sms earlier. Kels can't come to my 21st so she can't say her speech. 
I got a C- on my first test, damn it. Guess I need to study harder. 
Is gutted goodbooks are no more. Guess that means no second album 
spent the last 2 hrs entering data &amp; the lady that showed me how to do it, gave the wrong info!! Guess what I get to do in the morning 
@spazziness She totally did.  Guess it's down to the two of us again....
The tea I made yesterday is all gone.  Guess I'll make more tomorrow!
@nursechristiec Guess I have to die then. 
*Gives Up* I will try again tomorrow. Guess I'm without a phone for today. 
Just got denied by 3 babysitters in a row. Guess spontaneous date nights are tough when u need to book a sitter a week in advance 
less code is good code, no code is better, Guess I'm done for the day then 
Morning, wow are we slow again...Guess I won't feel bad about not working and taking kids to the zoo 
@himynameisgee  oh hey  the movie was amazing. You will love it. Guess what
Should make some coffee and wake the hubby up.  Another snowy day... Guess we are just staying home today!
I just slept 13.5 hours. Guess I needed it....?  
@sumudu Guess you'll have to wait and see 
@pinwheelstars Guess who misses you? 
I haven't slept yet . Guess I'm up for another day 
@carpesomediem Killers more than the other two, but I like all three of them  Guess I have to download some.
@daybreak1012    Most definitely. Guess ridiculously high salaries don't win games!
@AlohaArleen @HawaiiRealty thanks ladies for the warm welcome back home. Guess in another month I get to experience it all again 
@DinoRubble yup, it is. Guess that means I have to relax all day today, rats 
@humorzo Ah, bummer. Guess my corrupting influence is unavoidably spreading through the twitterverse. I can live with that 
Making (again) a huge pot of coffee. Who said two dogs are better than one - especially in the rain and mud?? Guess that would be me... 
@JLSOfficial I've got 122. Guess there'll be people with more than that though 
@nikkiwoods My congratulations to the team. Guess they really put their... forgive the pun, foot in it today. 
@IvyNyx Lol, I don't remember either. Guess were both bad 
@TheFabulousOne I have a finger raised. Guess which one, smartypants!  #iamasimplecaveman
@milkandpillows Guess now I better set my mom up with twitter so she can see the introduction.  
msstaceyk  I think so - I've seen several other messages. Guess I'll wash clothes 
@rileybeebs thanks! I was close to figuring that out after much searching  Guess I'll have to wait for now.
Guess who's up earlier than usual? 
It's 6 am, I haven't been to bed yet, and I just got my second wind.  Guess I should edit or read or something until I feel tired huh? 
@LovelyLu I don't watch - just wish - TV's been off for months- I love it  Guess I won't win though LOL
Guess I was too late  #sigjeans
@feliciaday I did laundry tonight too.  Guess I can admit that now that you paved the way.  
@critter42 I know   Guess I was hoping they'd revitalize the plot lines as well instead of reverting to old cliches!
Wow, my phone was blowing up with tweets all day. Now that I'm home, it's a ghost town! Guess I'll do some chores in my apt. &amp; go to bed. 
It feels like its nine and not one. Guess what? I love making money 
Best show of my life. Guess I'm going to sc this week 
@mrsmicah Guess not, funny though-that was my hubs timeframe 
@Richnfg Guess what I was about to ask you just then. The only reason why I logged in was to ask you if you were still up  
@yeyeismynicki lol congrats on almost getting your car. Guess the hard work at kfc is payin off eh? 
#WhyITweet; well, I don't really know actually. Guess, I'm just having fun? 
WOW, scusi mucho...where in the hell did all this come from? Guess I could delete, delete, delete but what for? Who reads this anyway 
@HumeEnquire Guess. 
@jRusler Guess who made you cookies? The best media lady in the world! I don't mean to brag, but they're real good this time. 
@xannawintour I don't like him, nor 95% of the people he associates with. Guess that make you cool 
@macdaddy27 Guess who 
haha  even my dog doesn't like the movie.  Guess I'm not the only wimp in the household.  
@lordmuttley strange isn't it? Guess they want to have celebrity status...must have a really lonely life, and I'm doing great! 
going to see a man about a #chainsaw. Guess i need now is a leather mask 
rt @MarkJamesHandy going to see a man about a #chainsaw. Guess i need now is a leather mask 
@cleaninggirl Guess we all have our favourite bits, huh? 
well, my computer is down. Guess that's a good reason to start buying more parts  http://bit.ly/edz5W
@knitster that's too bad. Guess if it gets too offensive, I can always unfollow. But being a knitter gets you extra points! 
I fell asleep so quickly last night.  Guess I needed it.  
@CynlovesTI Guess you need to &quot;run out in the middle of the pouring rain&quot;  
@adlyvelasco Guess you've really got to; can't wait to check  out your next blog 
@EverImprovingMe  morning you twit.   Guess who? lol
@Olllala Guess what i'm doing 
@mayhemstudios Guess u're way more followworthier than I am   http://is.gd/GiJ4
@mubix wonder if the code changed this weekend?  Wasnt it done just updating the docs?  Guess i need to build it all over again. 
Just  tried taking a pic of the fog but its.....foggy LOL  Guess sometimes u just gotta be there 
@geekgrrllurking Guess I need to get started on writing mine!  It's been in my head for a few weeks now. Hands over chocolate! 
@THEflyGIRL doesn't tell the tale of our meeting nearly as romantically as I do. Guess I saw it differently 
@ThogoriwithaT Guess who's skiving work on tuesday 
Hey. Guess what. I'm pooping. 
@dewaldbotha thanks. u seem more keen on referring work than they r of actually reaching out.  Guess the logo designers aren't tweeting.
