Most common words for this cluster:
[('guitar', 383), ('hero', 75), ('piano', 53), ('bass', 34), ('drums', 34), ('playing', 29), ('com', 20), ('strings', 20), ('http', 17), ('songs', 17), ('fingers', 15), ('lol', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'guitar', 0.9495305418968201), (u'guitars', 0.8185420632362366), (u'acoustic_guitar', 0.809871256351471), (u'electric_guitar', 0.7892323136329651), (u'saxophone', 0.7849671840667725), (u'piano', 0.7767257690429688), (u'harmonica', 0.7735016942024231), (u'sax', 0.7718189358711243), (u'mandolin', 0.7684963345527649), (u'bass_guitar', 0.7521145343780518)]





@ThaStevieG but what I really want is my old bass back 
is missing playing my trumpet 
im bored and my fingers hurt from playing the guitar all day 
damn, we are signed up for the banjo &amp; fiddle competition and our fiddle player cant make it! 
Gahh I need a job!!! I want a new guitar...like now 
strings to cstrings 
@guitar006 I know 
@MelodyAnderson melody  i want to help u!
thoughts on the new noisettes? i'm missing the crashing drums and screeching vocals 
playing guitar hero ps2.. im such a noob. 
I was just thinking, who would want to play an instrument you have to blow. You can't sing along! that makes me sad. 
Restrung a bass guitar without the aid of pliers - my hands are h-core.  Also the bass now sounds shit 
wishes guys would stop playing her like an old strung out violin. also, going back to ithaca regrettably. back to that 
remembering how hard it is to find a drummer. we had two drummers going for us but they wouldn't make time for us  we wanted a drummer.
Not much more irritating than wanting to learn a song and not having your guitar  I should probably go to bed anyways
I'm getting back into rythm now, but there may not be enough time now to do the second piece! 
can't find the guitar hero anywhere and dnw to play rockband 
I hate percussion methods.  The teacher is an asshole.
Missing the piano 
A string on my guitar just broke  I've been playing guitar for 3.5 years and I still don't know how to change strings haha.
&lt;--- cannnot sing, thank you for showing me this, guitar hero 
its seriously so cold that i cant play guitar properly 
Is now looking at instruments they can't afford 
I am going through guitar withdrawals and it's only been two days.  I desperately need to get a travel guitar...  : /
my drums just collapsed. all my guitars have broken strings, basses included and my piano isn't making noises! 
human saxaphone 
@fiddles4 most def even got my first bbgun. But i already broke that 
@prediketflowz  *packs up her oboe*
can't find any of my guitar picks!!!! 
currently learning how to play some piano pieces. totally suck man.  but i can improve, hopefully
wish guitar lessons would be longer... 
@fretless74 I work 5-11  I think I may call in though.  I never have but I'm really considering it.
keeps a dream journal now after he lost a great riff that came (was just too slow getting up/writing mats, guitar was in case, etc  #riff
sucks at guitar hero 
My hand is too small to play the notes A, E, &amp; B at the same time on the piano...Ruins one of my favorite songs....lammeeee 
i want 2 pull my bass guitar out and work on some riffs but i need 2 tune it + cant make a lot of noise 
@MCRmuffin If I played guitar,than totally.But unless you have the bass tabs(that song doesnt even have bass I think)I couldnt use them 
Guitar final at 10. I'm nervous. 
now i have to practise for orchestra...100000 sheets for just one little clarinet 
i want mario kart and guitar hero on wii 
i might get to learn some 30 seconds to mars songs on the guitar! i hate the fact i haven't been playing for long enough to be real good 
Lol my fingers are bleeding, stupid guitar 
Wow there is the flute. 
@elanorelle that's fab, I've always wanted to play an instrument but couldn't even master the keyboard! 
why on earth is my brother playing his guitar so early!? can't get back to sleep now  morning twitter x
my celli  is broken. 
@jason_mraz Trying to grow out my fingernails so I too can start playing guitar without a plectrum.  But I always seem to chip them 
While my guitar gently weeps! 
I want to learn how to play guitar!! 
@erniehalter how about one teaching me how to play the guitar, period? 
Guitar solo performance exam in a couple of hours, absolutely terrified! I love the weather this morning, very relaxing! Wish me luck... 
ugh. i'm getting rusty on the piano.  i forgot how to play 'warmness on the soul' by a7x. -___-&quot;
@DrRus hi there - guitar playing and video making kind of stalled, I need to get my behind in gear! I struggle with changing chords at mo 
Just finished the bass track and I must say that I'm very unhappy with how unlively it sounds  I hope it'll get better after the guitars.
restringing my guitar with steel strings = realising an hour later that my fingers are bleeding 
I miss my flute and it's very sad. 
i hope our album sounds better than i think it sounds...i cant get guitar tones right... ever 
@deversum aw damn! don't work for an electric guitar 
I just broke my guitar string so now I have to buy more! oops 
@ohmydaysitshayz http://twitpic.com/5dcno - i want a guitar 
has strep throat  but i got a new guitar (:
@mariedigby I kinda miss the acoustic marie on the guitar  I hope you're still writing songs on the guitar (and piano)..
Give me a guitar soon before I start playing broomsticks again....  &quot;sigh...&quot;
I want to learn how to play guitar 
damn, i really wanna play guitar right now, but everyone here is sleeping 
@jongomm ouch  hope it gets sorted soon! A Fender combo fell on my foot last night so am similarly stumbly!
Wish I could play the piano...  
It's hard to sing and play guitar at the same time 
@ohrensey32 Ayyy, I wish I can play the guitar. 
Practising guitar and feeling a little ill! 
http://twitpic.com/5ffek - Trying to set up the drum kit, and failing 
@mymemoirs my dad wotn get me a new one, my dad my guitar turn into a asian guitar. with untuned strings 
For a moment then, i thought i had a Telecaster!.... turns out i dont 
@achingtopupate I sold my guitar hero on ebay this week 
i miss playing guitar hero.  http://plurk.com/p/vi70v
going to work, i miss playing drums 
he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar... 
think ve destroyed the bass on my headphones   damn these dnb songs!!!! lol
I just broke a guitar string trying to tune it. 
I got a guitar pick at the concert, it was really good only complaint is the sound was bad on the mic and couldn't hear jesse that good  
@briska but I'd like to think that I'm an actual musician 
I'm frustrated that my Guitar Hero controller appears to be broken.  It's throwing extra strums in for no good reason  #fb
I looove guitars, and playing them. I think they sound magnificent. If only i was better... If only 
@keytar @badtwin BUT THEY ARE EXPENSIVE. 
Ahh feels good to have played guitar hero after months! I suck at it now but  haha
@lupin_bebop that's lame, sorry 
Guitar lessons tomorrow. ( I have to wake up early again. 
Grrr, I can't even practice Trumpet or vocals because my glands in my neck hurt too much! Guitar it is then. 
at the house home alone   , playing guitar some guitar hero loud.
My guitar ain't herew yet?, feel like i lost a limb!. 
My guitar ain't here yet?, feel like i lost a limb!. 
 I wish I could play guitar..... my guitar I got a few christmas`s ago is collecting dust! I need to learn! haha
@tyefighter I had to sell guitar hero with ps3 to fund splitting with ex 
@tommcfly can't you write a song without your guitar? i thought you could  look for something to do!
new guitar hero metallica guitar is already broken  #fail
Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it 
Running late to my guitar lesson!  
right now im eating doritoes and learning songs, lol...man i want to be a famous guitarist.  but im young only 12 and a half ;[
Playing piano for a little while because soon enough I will have to pack up my keyboard. 
Ouch, my arm still hurts after playing the piano for so long. 
i miss playing guitar hero!!! even if i always lose.. boooring day 
just lost a guitar pick in the couch. and it's the stainless steel one. 
@fuckingdew I know!  wonder who the new bass player would be.
did i mention i always dreamed to play violin? i gratuated musical hool but play piano and &quot;bayan&quot; rather than violin 
Actually, what I really wanna do is learn how to play the guitar. 
Wtf!! The buttons on my guitar hero have changed i could do expert on jesses girl but its different 
trying to work out the solo to 'that girl' on my brothers guitar realy wishing that my strat had strings 
#myweakness generic music, or music with guitars and synths 
@intheskies aural and keyboard. aural is impossible, keyboard I am just shit at 
I'm on my guitar playing fealess. Also i've done some revision today there is so much to learn 
@sharl0ck still havent got the guitar yet.   where u from?
@falloutboy_RoxX I can't speak to his hotness, but I can speak to his bass playing...and it's not good 
I really need to put a tape recorder by my piano because when ever I'm up there, I write amazingness, and then I can't remember it 
@whoselinerules it would be hard to play the solo to 27 when my electric guitar's E string broke. 
i took out my old flute to look at.... Its like tarnished....   
hey man...my Fender(guitar) it is scratched 
I miss my piano lessons 
I really want to learn how to play the guitar, drums, violin, and piano!!! 
@ddlovato: when i dont have a guitar i use a dulcimer except they dont work the same! 
@ddlovato I need a guitar right now 2 
i wanna  learn how to play the guitar 
hmm shoe horn sonata speech due tomoz for me  ill so walk off while doing it then cry as usual
Has just broken her bass AND her keyboard at the same time 
missing my Guitar 
@donaldchung he plays guitar. There's three guitarists in the band  it's boring and unnecessary.
fucking flute recital! 
@KirstynSmith soon my guitar callouses will turn into mega huge bass callouses and the world will not be safe! Also, I want a bbq 
Has a piano recital. Is seriously very nervous. 
I need drum tracking done for a senses fail song  I have everything but drums 
guitar string prices went up.... 
I hate losing plectrums in my guitar 
@ericjstar I wish I knew how to play the violin.  It's on my list!!!
i wanna sing in a band and learn to play guitar.  damn why did i choose college??
just sitting.. while playing my guitar... i'm here alone.. 
is back at uni, raging over my broken guitar  wanting to kill this annoying kid
i can't find my pink guitar pick. the first one i ever had 
@maudelicious I hate you. I suck at drums on either rock band or guitar hero! 
Just found my dream guitar. Not that i could play it 
@a_mandolin It doesn't.  It likely goes down.  
...needs to find a saxophone teacher in melbourne urgently!! if anyone knows any sax teachers, please message me asap! 
@jeanetteyeap I'm trying! But it's soo hard, just too hard.  I'd rather learn drums. HAHA. \m/
yeep hee! bought a guitar online..now the excruciating wait for the delivery  my old guitar is still staying with me..i love him =]
@lindseyraye That's really cool. I wish I could play thr drums. 
I hate hate hate recording guitar  I love playing and singing but put me to record guitar seperate and I become an agrybitch
looks like we may be looking for a new drummer 
Guitar hero arcade machine at cinemark folsom... was surprisingly lame 
I miss my sidekick  i really hate not having a keyboard
Just taught two piano lessons, get a little break now as one cancelled. 
I hate putting new strings on my guitar. They always sound gross 
@Bulletplug  no, now how i am suppose that cover of tool all in banjo, i guess no more yeehaw for me
he's is teh reason for the teardrops on muy guitar ! is so really.. 
beatles rock band actually looks awesome. shame it aint a guitar hero game though 
@rhiZEE if you mean guitar-hero YES!              but no guitar 
I found my guitar its so sick now i have to wait three months to get it 
@jennettemccurdy what songs did you learn? I want to play the guitar. I started lessons but my instructor really scared me so I stoped. 
My guitar teacher forgot about me 
I kicked her out of my band on guitar hero world tour. Now she's mad at me  I need a new drummer. Lol
@fretless74 Still checking them all out.  SocialScope isn't accepting new folks.  
I miss my guitar... 
I want--no, need--this issue of Drummer magazine. why won't the website work so I can order it 
finally done with press conferences. Have all of two hours until next meeting, which clashes with the awesome-sounding Guitar Hero party 
or a grey street guitar - 
Playing the guitar, having the hardest time trying to figure out out this song. 
Doesn't think there are many things sexier than someone that can make music with their hands. (ie. guitar&amp;piano). I only have mi voice. 
i'm practicing guitar. got a lesson this wednesday. i need to find a uke teacher. 
http://twitpic.com/6gayu - I feel like my guitar pick collection should be bigger than this 
My brother an I noticed the movie theatre arcade had Guitar Hero arcade...wait for it...by konami. We both facepalmed.. WTF konami!!! 
I need new HyperDunks and a new snare drum.  NO MONEEY. :| )))
wish i could play guitar so that i could put melody on the stuffs i'm writing 
http://www.jamlegend.com/tutorial/guitar - Looks like I need tutorial.  Haha.
@mandiiurie  i have an acoustic guitar but i cant play  i will learn one day haha..
@Mikeeisawesome the internet sucks on trying to find tenor sax beginner stuff. 
I hate guitar strings 
my dad is after taking the guitar away. 
i enjoy and produce for words and photos.. but not music. i can hit guitar and make some organized noise, but can't claim that i play it 
@dougiemcfly i wanna see your new guitar  LOL how do you feel now that you have a son dougie?!
my guitar string broke   it hurt. i dont know how to fix it eitherrr!
Wish i knew how to play guitar 
I do believe that my fingers are far too skinny to be able to play my ukulele.  *sniffle*  I guess that's what I get for being a pianist. 
@tartdarling I really miss my piano as well - I haven't been able to just sit down and play in so long 
@ASBFOREVER haha yep..damn i wana play guitar but cant! 
@SwissTwist Sometimes you have to just cut the chord and let it go 
Struggling to play a piece of music on piano 
i think the guitar hero guitar spoil 
@vanmacguy I know, I think it's a saxophone. 
@bauergirl21 I suck at guitar. 
i wish i knew  more than 3 chords on the guitar 
@AnalogTom It's not just the guitar part though, it's the actual lyrics too. 
@chatterboxcgc life isn't about blood, guts, and guitar licks? oh, shucks! 
silly @hellolivvy is refusing to rap along with my guitar over the phone 
I miss my drums 
welllll, got 2 cheevos, but i've had to resort to doing vocals and guitar at the same time 
boo, the office pink guitar has two dead frets 
@stephdewhurst you didnt tweet enough in guitar. it disppointed me 
@keytar what's wrong 
@brandyway is a shame the 4th chord of my guitar sounds strange!!! 
@TomboyTigress 11 already. Which means I am getting fucking old.   I got him Guitar hero and a guitar shaped carrying case for his DS
Q5 I can only play them on Guitar Hero, LOL I wish I could play any of their songs for real  #MCRchat
I want a Guitar Hero drum set 
Teaching yourself the guitar is harder than it looks... 
@tweetchristeen i lost my chord 
I hurt my Hands playing Guitar Hero  LOL can someone talk to me?
i still cant decide if i'll continue my piano lesson. 
@PtitBout  i found a pic w/3 guitars but it was too big 
damn it my phones speakers just screwed up  no bass  and vocals on all songs seem sooo messed up 
@khal the thing about D.O.A. is...... it sounds like one of my studio tracks...recording my guitar plus beats..... but i'm not famous 
my sister just got her clarinet yesterday. now i can play flute with her!!! yeahh but she still has 2 take summer lessons 
i found someone who beats me (by a little) in Guitar Hero.  this is such a sad week for little po.
 they cancelled the guitar hero tournament 
I suck at guitar hero metallica 
sadly packing away my drum kit 
@sheilawesome I wish I had a uke. 
@roberthuskinson sorry I can't carry a guitar with cruches 
blah... I can't play Guitar Hero for nothing. I don't know why I suck that bad! 
@wyatthaplo i have a guitar...but broken strings 
@secondhandjohn i met your drummer! But never you 
so i am trying to learn anyone else but you but i fail at guitar playing 
wants to play guitar but I can't because the neck is messed up. 
Misses the electric guitar 
The music is done. The song order is complete. All I need is the vocals. Where are you, vocals? You are the last missing instrument. 
got my 1st guitar. trying to learn some basic chords and tabs. i don't get any of this 
@teatotally I want @mollieofficial's 'blonde' guitar 
Looks like the guitar is not happening anytime soon   
I want to get a guitar really badly so I can learn it and write music to my lyrics...how I long to have the time to learn!!! 
misses his guitar.  http://plurk.com/p/z21ju
gah. i have to suffer while my sister attempts to &quot;play&quot; the guitar. 
can't do hard very well on guitar hero 
isnt ready at all for piano exaammm 
...Shit... I am NOT ready for this cello recital 
now that I am listening to classic rock station I miss my guitar hero so much  boo!!
Trying my hardest not to suck at drums 
really hates thinderstorms.  playing guitar hero to make it better.
abeeeeeeeeeeee el chords 
snapped top E string on my guitar so I can't play it now 
My Guitar string broke while I was playing it 
I'm addicted to Guitar hero on my computer but I really have to sleep now 
@haeriepyo it felt neglected. your guitar was getting all the attention.  so it committed suicide  how sad! LOL...
@Izmit90 i want to play guitar but i know i'll be tired 
UGH....why is the whammy bar broken on my guitar? 
Missing my guitar! 
@photine, no, I was playing the drums.  I'll check the guitar out, but I might just need a new one. 
I can never do better than 98% on guitar hero 
guitar hero isn't as fun with a broken arm 
@maryannepstein he had some concerns yesterday about the mariachi band so we need the drum for desensitivation... 
@theacademyliz their guitarist is in/writing for anberlin now...I think that's the closest we are going to get 
just noticed they cut out kevin's guitar solo on the &quot;fly with me&quot; video 
@AngeDoubleYou me tooo  *hugs ange* i wish i could have a piano and write songs ughhh
i miss my guitar. 
Playing some guitar  and still learning something 
@LillysLittleJoy wishing i got my guitar now instead of the jacket 
is getting fritrated with the guitar 
@DeannaBanana74 shut up!!! i have school but i wont be bak till 2:30  where did u find the teardrops on my guitar???
I suck at Guitar Hero... 
@sophiemcflyx You should try working with two whole octaves. It's so hard to read  haha x
Not getting guitar hero world tour 
I need to get a guitar...pronto 
@adamjames_yo I know 3 chords, but I can't even switch from chord to chord left 
ive broken my guitar hero 3 controller, so many memories 
wanted to go on guitar hero world tour but mother is watching eastenders 
@fretless74 No  I saw it. I havent recovered yet.
i am frustrated with my limiting viola 
@_pixie_  no  though I want to learn guitar.
Never thought id be selling my bass 
i just want to learn how to play the guitar  
my guitar string just popped. 
@ejbaldwin I know, where is a cowbell when you need one 
I have most of the Drums now... most. 
Shit. I miss my guitar. 
I wanna learn to play guitar.. 
So that was like an awsome show. I wish i had a gibson guitar. 
really needs to play his drums 
I want to play my guitar so bad right now!!! but I can't 'cause its not tuned!!! 
upstairs neighbor stomped on their floor for me to stop playing guitar.  i feel so deflated.  
@melody missed u  
i really want to play drums but i feel sick 
Sitting at the piano with steph. Really hungry  inventing next
@DanielMiller89 guitar was my first instrument when I was really young. But I kinda forgot how to play.  *sniffle*
hot doooog. piano man is here to take away my beloved piano.  &lt;/3
I can't find my guitar pick... 
I miss my piano right now  ;)
Going to be late for my piano lesson 
i killed my tree   poor little Fender!
@KlownDogg haha! I wish!!! I can only hummm  i wanna learn how to play the guitar...hopefully i will start soon 
I want my guitar back...i left it up the caravan 2 WEEKs ago 
@megbc YOU + wedding = electric drums, sorry!! 
just got 100% on metal by tenacious D on guitar hero on wii. streak of 353!!! it was easy thou 
gotta re-do all the guitar tracks... 
really wants to learn the violin. that'll probably fail like my poor guitar  i guess i'll stick to piano for nowww
guitar lesson were awesome. im pooped. those kids wore me out 
 i haven't played my guitar yet
keyboard cat, you are so good at keyboard...I wish could play instrument 
I think Guitar Hero has lost a lot of its magic for me. It just does not feel special anymore 
my guitar string broke 
The volume knob fell off my bass guitar 
@CarysBeth I'm about a 6. I am trying to revise whilst some idiot plays saxophone badly 
Played Guitar Hero for most of the day yesterday and now have a saw pinkie finger. Guitar Hero Drums need work... 
@djbrainchild  i play the tambourines better than you!
i love playing guitar, and writing songs, and stuff, but my mum took my guitar, and now i cant write songs 
just got done playing guitar hero. now we gots 2 fold laundry. 
rebuilding ma old guitar cut two fingers already 
@wowgrrl Need ergonomic/split keyboards. 
@stuiy I'm so frustrated with piano right now! 
i just wanna play guitar hero world tour!!! agghh   
@piano_vamps I'm sorry we broke you  
@piano_vamps yeah it is! #TWITTERFAIL 
guitar! &lt;3 ((not mine  ))
Trying to get good at guitar hero.... Not working well 
Getting yelled at for playing guitar this late 
i have like 50 guitar picks and i lost them all. I set the guitar in one place but i seem to set the pick in the dumbest places 
boreed  txt the celli if you dnt kno it just ask...
I wish i knew how to play guitar. 
@racheline_m do you have ready linkage to your post(s) about guitar craft? I tried to look myself and 
@bettinacas I'm so jeaaalooous. I miss my piano 
Fingers hurting from 2 hours of guitar! 
The guitar is still stuck in Morsdorf. I am getting worried 
a stupid rat got into my piano 
I wanna play guitar, but I suck so much it's no fun 
Does anyone have a guitar hero guitar controller serial number that i can use. I really need one and i cant afford one 
@ericasadun so it seems. the strings are still in there but they don't work any more 
learning guitar iz hard 
@mandyfreeland do you play the piano?? It is so much harder going from the piano to guitar  ...but fun!
@melody you sound like me. 
@staticRVA The guitar 
I really fee like an old guitar.. they just played me.. (with me).. and leaved me.. 
sitting at the piano but ochen tired  http://tinyurl.com/mqj83s
I really wish I could get my guitar fixed soon. I MISS IT!!!  I might cry.
I broke a steing on my sitar.... 
well....i broke my wrist....now i have to wear a stupid itchy cast  and i cant play my guitar 
@shanniemoy yea, I had a piano in my old house. And now that I have a guitar here, I just thought I would give it a try. But u are right 
plug from amp to guitar is broken   left with no guitar, well, guitar with almost no sound
in this moment...i miss taco mambo. and the oboe dance  wah!
@rahmin come on man. I wanted to learn beginner guitar too... 
I hate playing guitar with sweaty palms. 
i love my bass, if only i could play it  http://twitpic.com/7semm
says ohh mannn i so miss playing the piano when i hear songs that are gorgeous on the keyboard  http://plurk.com/p/124ywr
I wanna play guitar or bass in a band  i miss being in a band
@Jonasbrothers I wish I was like you and could just play any instrument my heart desired. But no, only vocals, piano and guitar for me 
Wants... needs a new bass guitar. The red's neck is bent so far that the strings are too hard to push down onto the frets 
@eatsoupandroll I've still never played guitar hero 
This has shown me that I suck at guitar and well never be in a band.  need a new goal in life now 
playing guitar but still bad 
playing some guitar and regretting not going to the victoria secret sale 
broken ym acoustic guitar  one of the pegs is damaged
wish i had my guitar 
@mcflysstargirlx You no how i feel most of thetime. my bass guitar gave me a blister  bad bass:L
i need my guitar..  where are you? ..
@piano_gal_79 They changed the sign!!! 
playing guitar hero by myself 
I want a drumset. 
is getting tired of trying to play the piano softly - i can't hear myself it, doesn't sound right and I'm playing all the wrong notes! 
Ugh, why can't I learn any more freakin chords!?!? It's like the last time I learned a new one was nearly 10 years ago! I fail at guitar 
I wish someone would teach me how to play guitar. I'm sitting here trying to teach myself 
Ngarrrrrr... I want a new guitar! I miss my old band  xoxo
i'm missing my piano and the guitar  i wish i had some good music to listen to.
@Guitarist970 cool dude! nothing that exciting here. looking at the radar, it looks like i won't get much excitement, either 
http://twitpic.com/7v8a4 - ahsifkjgfdiosg i want this guitar so badly! 
i cant play guitar  my fingers r cramming evrytime i hold on the fretts, it hates me :O
My guitar hero drumkit has been overtaken 
I miss my guitar 
doubt that i will ever get around to playing guitar properly since i am super shit at it 
my feet are cold  ,listening to music, already practiced the oboe and the piano
@LindaHeathNH cant thing of the melody of that one it escapes me 
@joethemusician hmm have a short quintet. (strings) tons of wind quintets with awesome oboe parts. No solo though.  coupla e horn pieces
@smueller94, do you have a guitar?:O damn why does everybody has a guitar and play guitar? i want it 2 
I was loosenig my guitar strings and one broke 
searching tae yang make love piano sheet.. so difficult to find 
Guitar heroing !!! Drums are lame  vocals are lamest tho
no dog.  starting to learn some new songs on my guitar. 
@moosegrinder I want this so bad - but I want drums and can't afford the cash. 
The sustain pedal on my piano broke 
I broke a string in the piano  ..
Having fun with mates drinking beer and playing guitar hero world tour. But I am sad my drums are broken 
why do my strings keep breaking!!!!???? 
played a friend's Epiphone Wildkat guitar today. excellent tone with the P90s and overdrive. very good. too bad he won't sell it to me! 
i just sold the first guitar i ever owned 
nooooo more horn.... beeped it all out.... 
i just sold the first #guitar i ever owned 
@RNBRiter I don't. I bought my sons acoustic guitars so they could but they weren't feeling it. 
i saw a beautiful piano!!!  but didn't have the chance to play it 
all the guitarists r out come find me 
was tht a violin 
@johncmayer that would be great. i have a guitar sittin in my closet that i can't play 
@strings_puppet How? 
@wildbill7 guitar arpeggios sound nearly as dangerous as walking 
@hrcneaubrey the reason for the teardrops on my guitar. it's made out of onions  http://twitpic.com/7zp0i
@johncmayer I would love to get some guitar lessons! I've always wanted to learn but the youtube lessons are too fast for me 
there's 2 scratches on my guitar...and a little piece of its skin peeled off     
I missed playin my keyboards.... 
@heycassadee i saw you guys in concert on 4/25 you were amazing!! i almost caught ur guitar pick but the guy beside me caught it 
i cant play the guitar...my fingers hurt too much 
Guitar is impossible to learn, i always forget the what strings and it's just hard 
Guitar is impossible to learn  I always forget the strings and stuff
I miss playing the piano. 
I want to own a tambourine!! 
i want to play the drums but... its too late 
mmaaaaaan. pendulum are a shit representation of what they can only loosely be described as drum n bass 
Needs a guitar! 
Tuning vocals is such a chore. 
got my new guitar but now I'm at work and I didn't even get to play it yet  butttt its all good I'm chillin with the doggiessss!
Wish I knew how to play the guitar... 
Oh my gosh my fingers really hurt, I need to give the guitar-playing a rest! 
I think I've just broken my right thumb, playing Guitar Hero drums.  There should be a warning on the box 
play the guitar is the best , i just wish to some of mine friends could read this.. 
@willdarden by the way i love your twitter picture what kind of guitar is that i have a guitar the string broke though 
Just got back from guitar lessons and I am so hungry 
I need drum sticks. 
i broke two of my guitar strings  gotta go buy some more...
wish i knew how to play the guitar 
@Wingkit knowin how 2 play guitar is gd, n once you know the basics, you can play a huge amount of songs. iv still got 1 exam 
where is my guitar... how can i play something whitout my guitar 
GAYFEVER. And singing followed by flute lesson. I am NOT happy 
My headphones have gone downhill  the extra bass isn't helping the lifespan.
first guitar lesson, the result? my fingers hurt 
Just played Guitar Hero for first time in a long time... and I'm a little rusty  This warrants lots &amp; lots of practice!
just finished playing guitar hero for like an hour with jmac.......... my fingers hurt 
guitar = painful fingers 
I miss my guitar  he needs to meet jenny...
I broke a nut..... On my guitar 
@MammaSteph It's not on Guitar Hero 
@_lyra_b aiiieee that deductible is rather large 
Playing the drums on Guitar Hero and I suck. Just got kicked out of easy 
i wanted to learn guitar in my holidayz... but bad luck... holidayz made me lazy... 
Still really tired...want to play guitar but people still in bed !! 
trying to learn more songs on the guitar. determined to get love story sorted... just a bit tricky 
ARRGH! no more guitar for a few days.. cut my little finger while attempting to slide it along the entire length of the fretboard.. 
i'm thinking of going to my aunt's house to overnight there. BUTBUT, i want to learn guitar first! cause there has a guitar! no keyboard. 
Nnnooooooo!!!!! my bass peddle on my rockband drums broke!!!!! 
now i can imagine how the drums bugged without my grandpa 
@mileycyrus - hey  i just wanted to ask how old you were when you first learned the guitar.. thanks
the bass, the rock, the mic, the treble 
Playing the guitar...hallelujah 
Playing the clarinet makes me happy 
@SpiritSurfer I see it more as dormant. If you await the time, you will play on both sitar and guitar. You know intuition will help alot 
still playing guitar even though my fingers hurt 
@genochurch I'm a die-hard Fender guy and I *still* think is awesome 
@inkedmn By not tuning their guitars. 
open tmro. then moe's then recording vocals 
6 songs tracked on drums!!! Over half way! 
going to play guitar hero instead.. ky is so boring.! cant wait to go back to miami. 
@tommcfly i have an acoustic guitar...i am trying to play its all about you!! can almost do it!!  xx
@EisleyJacobs looking at it again, it's a guitar but whatever 
http://twitpic.com/3k1ia - Guitar Hero! @danmonkey rocks 
http://twitpic.com/3k1ig - Guitar Hero! @danmonkey rocks 
@Frodden93 no worries, hope the guitar learning goes well, good luck! 
just learned decode by paramore on guitar.  i feel special.
guitar with @jeffnail 
Sometimes I play the piano  http://www.myspace.com/mdannypiano
Vibraphone + double bass = bloody awesome @ post rock 
@paykan haha very funny  i friggen need a guitar first lol.
just playing my banjo/ukulele 
Going to play guitar hero today - will be a laugh!  x
had a longgg day.... just back not long from playing guitar heroes... weeee!!! 
@caaaitysarah cool! i have a guitar but i cant play it, so i just strum the strings and it makes a crapy noise lol but im getting lessons 
I wish i'd managed to grasp playing the Guitar. 
got a guitar hero toy in my corn pops  hahaa
I'll play guitar hero first 
watching guitar hero vid's on youtube 
may not be musically talented but fosho can play an air guitar  love it
Rocking out with guitar hero! So much fun 
playing 'broken strings' on guitar.... 
@evybabee you look like you can play a mean guitar too and cards  ~scott
@prinzessiiin chuck bass is the only one 
@narrativesuzie, synth is awesome 
fixed my demon keyboard 
I am preparing my last points of presentation. After my presentation, I will go to lunch with a classic guitar concert  wish me good luck!
is thinking of what to do next, musically... i have done a dreamy acoustic song and a piano-based cover... maybe mexican ??? 
@meganrogers here come the drums, here come the drums!! 
dominating at guitar hero 
guitar hero sucks balls. im sticken with my rockband 
i want to learn how to play the theremin, and the keytar 
@mr_mustash and acoustic guitarists 
playing the piano in awhile 
allow this, going to play with my rockband drums 
I'm going to the guitar center this evening and I'm wearing my rainboots! 
Off to play guitar for abit  X
ahaha.. i just now cleaned a trombone! 
is playing guitar and singing. 
@drtiki guitar and clarinet, I just told you. 
@greggarbo will you teach me how to play bass guitar?! 
@andyclemmensen http://twitpic.com/4gqvq - That is one damn fine looking bass. But I reckon my guitar is just much sexier. 
studying sanitarium by metallica o nthe guitar 
ouh have i told you that i got a new guitar? she is so wonderful, shes black! hehe i love it 
PLAYED guitar hero. about to leave the regino's house.. but my sibs are still playing for awhile. ) 
violin. that's correct 
@klick2me We play guitar so usually keep them short... 
I crushed 'white horse' on guitar today 
Feels good to be at a solid keyboard for once 
@gregxgore can't read it, no. chords help me 
WEEEEEEE bass tonight 
I  have always been a sucker for the sound of an acoustic guitar! 
learning to play sweet child of mine on guitar.  yays.
i'm yours - jason mraz....looking for an electric guitar  yay!!!1
@echoinghim it was my pleasure playing guitar for you!  So fun 
I'm learning the guitar very quickly. It's coming naturally 
@MattG124 you own a didgeridoo?!?! 
http://twitpic.com/4wij6 - my oldest nephew playin on my guitar hero drums 
Today I'm lonley girl with a guitar 
Playing the guitar 
@EmberKomodog I quite like the trumpet too, how crazy 
@williamhein what's that? A Mellotron with wheels? 
playin guitar hero with all the cousins!  
@speleojunky You want a suit and a cajon, too? 
@kmacleod ethereal tuba or ethereal marching band...doesn't matter, just needs the word ethereal in it. 
@melody I'll just keep saying it, then. 
just figured out chords to a song i currently love 
Pretty amazing and awesome guitar riffage in this classic metal song  ? http://blip.fm/~68waw
@LadiiVerity yes I am learning guitar. I've gotten a guitar from a very awesome dude at bible study and I'm taking a guitar class fall 09 
Playing guitar now 
@JayLink_ He needs a studio and some vocals. When he sings, we turn off the mike!  U have killer chops!!
yummm timtams are the best  now my fingers are to chocolatey to play guitar with  cooool.
@bilalhouri if it plays guitar then lets seal the deal 
@G4G3 go for guitar class   and b a  rockstar!!! yoooooooooooo!!!
I didn't get up early... but I won the guitar anyways. 
Having a guitar sesh! 
cool, i also got guitar hero world tour aswell, so if you want to go on the drums somtimes around my house, i would be glad  hehe x
silence is upon me and I can hear my heart beating ... my very own internal rhythmic percussion instrument ... dance to my drum  x
watchin nate and kelly play guitar hero....hmmm wondering if i can be that good ...LOL 
i finally beat teen age riot on drums!!!! 
@LoungeFlyZ does it have a banjo holder? 
had a rockin' night.. jammin' on the guitar with my baby on the drums. 
Feels wrong heading out to church without my guitar, my message notes are so much lighter  #fb
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/4qpzx - can't wait to see this in australia. woow i'm jealous i want some of your guitars 
because he's chuck bass. 
had a little chord/lyric jumble up, but it's all good. 
LaLaLa  someone needs to help me tune my guitar!!! :/  ;'[ I can't do it and I want to play my songgg.
just got back from ccd, and now i'm listening to hey monday!guitar later, and then aunts house! 
Finally found my @jackalltimelow guitar pick! Now making it into a necklace and hopefully get it signed in the future????! 
http://twitpic.com/5dcno - guitar (: i lost my pick so i had to use my fingers. 
trying to play my guitar.. 
@imperialjenny I play the violin   www.yongfook.com/about heh
@totallykiller That is so cool. I like the happy little kid swaying dance he does with his guitar on stage. He totally pulls it off. 
@jennypoynter we can force him to do backing vocals 
@x__claireyy__x he can play acoustic drums 
back at home again .. cold shower &amp; some old guitar-riffs .. and you can stay awake all night long.. 
signed up for guitar lessons today 
Ashers house playing with cheerio, on youtube, playing guitar. How typical 
is strumming some guitar! 
@kineticturtle what was the instrument that the percussionist played--the boxy one that he strapped to his chest? 
It's Guitar Hero time 
urrghh i miss learning how to play the piano i remember when i was like kindergarten i used to take piano lessons and perform in recitals 
guitarist? need tabs? check this out  http://www.songsterr.com
@bradiewebbstack heyyy can you play electric drums?? .. well that was random but it would be cool if you did 
@essteeyou Both albums they have done are v v good!!! In a jangly guitar way!!! lol !!  a bit romantic also!! toothpaste kisses!! 
@bluevibestudio I mulling bass ideas on your track... 
@kbash_1801 haha, it's never *really* over.  cory and i live together, so we're both always picking up guitars and singing. 
@ztnewetnorb lol i can play them both  not on guitar tho
In the studio, james is tracking drums and i fancy a baguette 
@MiL0_ get one saying &quot;josh rocks&quot; and then a picture of me playing guitar hero ;) i can see it now 
Playing guitar 
is getting back into drumming  with a fat eyebrow.
can now single blow taps on harmonica 
eating doughnuts at cello's with benny. 
it's a little late for guitar...i'll just count this as a lullaby. 
@DougieMcfly You're my favorite bass player &amp; we have the same birthdate 
hey, nick ist recording hott guitar licks with nick.  complicated isn't it?  write us!
new guitar soon 
Playing the piano 
@yeracnahbois :O:O:O can you give me the guitar chods to those songs at school ? i did giutar last term 
btw: why is the output on one of my guitars higher then the other one?? Identical guitars according to specs 
not alot playing my bass 
oooh well, i love playing guitar and i can't wait for my new guitar 
You should consider giving $oku his own guitar solo  @johncmayer
Guitar all day 
@meghmik like a distortion guitar at 4 am? 
Playing piano again...  It's great!!
@neilworms Wait, no, he's on guitar.  Of course, I was wondering... 
@solobasssteve You just make sure they pack that bass well. 
weeeeee...wondering what to write ^^ just finished piano lesso 
@soverpeck oh, not to worry, we can worship with djembes, bongos, cajons, or timbales! 
mornin 2 days till metallica guitar hero wahay ! 
@FakerParis i know how to play fur elise on my piano  haha
@tommcfly I'm glad you've got your guitar fixed, and that you have 5 toes 
learning to play guitar!!!!! fun. but i still suck 
@BenRemiz And I could never learn a new instrument if I tried 
@bztak1020 thanks  no, I'm not. I just sing a song and play my guitar  my friend helped me   it was live recording, though :/
