Most common words for this cluster:
[('gym', 521), ('time', 28), ('lol', 20), ('membership', 19), ('today', 18), ('tomorrow', 15), ('morning', 15), ('trainer', 14), ('day', 13), ('days', 12), ('class', 12), ('home', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'gym', 0.968046247959137), (u'Gym', 0.7253947854042053), (u'gyms', 0.7212252020835876), (u'Kento_Shibayama', 0.6649645566940308), (u'gymnasium', 0.6529346704483032), (u'tae_bo', 0.6119782328605652), (u'lifting_weights', 0.6019455790519714), (u'weightroom', 0.5933347940444946), (u'Gold_Gym', 0.5864335298538208), (u'boxercise', 0.5830261707305908)]





Doesn't know why, but is feeling very down. And a trip to the gym didn't help 
hitting the gym! afterwards looking forward to rewiring my studio... yet again 
Pure hurt my neck at the gym 
Feeling very sleepy after the gym - need to snap out of it and drive to mansfield  not even hjad any dinner yet 
Heading to the gym and running out of fuel 
last day of my vacation!   getting ready &amp; headin to the gym for a great workout!
Just started to rain pretty hard. Looks like I am going to the gym insted. 
No gym for me 2day..i think I just sprained my ankle 
I'm so bored.  I don't want to go to the gym.. or do laundry.. or do anything..
After five years my friends are closing their small gym. Last workout was today. I'll miss them. 
Contemplating a trip to the gym, but it's raining outside. 
gym tonight? idk  so tired.
is skipping the gym to finish his damn paper. 
is about to do his 2 hour workout at the gym gotta love it whoo hoo 
Overslept and am late for the gym and thus work 
Gym a lot more packed than I expected this time in the morning. Plans of working from garden have gone kaput due to weather 
Ugh train cancelled meaning I can't go to the gym &amp; see my trainer  but means that I can pack my bag tonight!
just finishd at the gym, and now going to reward myself with kfc... my mum didn't cook and I dnt know how to 
the gym needs to get their air conditioner fixed! 
@GracieAlbernaz and obviously I wont make it to the gym in the am, I am so slacking with my diet!  I was doing so well. I was down to 132
Getting ready for the gym, making bfast, packing for rop, trying to figure out how to be w/ my boys I haven't seen in 2 days &amp; won't see. 
getting ready to clean house, go to the gym,  then sign my oldest up for swim lessons
Soon going to the gym, getting summer ready ! (still tired of being without a phone  )
Going to the gym right now.. I was too lazy the last months 
1 protein shake down 3 more to go  sick of weight loss and gym programmes
@clairesamantha Probably be in bed for most of it! Might hit the gym tomorrow if it's not too painful 
Should get up and go gym!! But I have no energy!! 
still have to hit the gym, montreal is no excuse 
tired as hell. never went to the gym 
Less than 7 hours of sleep tonight  Gym time tomoz, after a nap 
never made it to the gym or to shred  why do I even bother  to try every morning?
The gym totally killed me  where is my energy ?
@KingBigLou I've been talking myself out of the gym all morning  lol
The gym is closed anyways  sam is amped on making aapep's house since we got the new tank. Gym tomorrow I guess.
watching the commercial ad for abs workout. I think it's time for me to go back to the gym. 
Starting to feel the effects from the gym this morning 
@EmmaMarieWood lol mini gym. I want wiifit 
@kyoisorange I want you to come out too to the gym 
did not attend any gym classes this weekend  must go on a weekday too
@energizedmofo yeah..later i'm going out, but not for gym.. unfortunately i get hurted on a leg 
i've been traveling the last two weeks and my gym routine got screwed  i compensated with better eating and few at home workouts.
2 sessions at the gym tomorrow...i cheated on my diet so bad...not really any carbs...all protein but beef takes so long to digest ughhh 
Girls at the the gym have big butts, sadly they also have boyfriends with big muscles! 
i miss the gym! 
Up soo early  boo !! Gym time though :-D !!
Off to the gym 
so tired after my Gym session last night - there has to be an easier way 
bumped my head few times at the gym.. so far, not passing out yet... Not sure bout tomorrow... 
@SimoneElkeles Wishing I had money to hire a trainer....even a gym membership.  But it would have to be at school.  I'm never home. 
time for the gym  hissssssssssssssssssss boooooooooooooooooooo
Hey guys sorry I've been so distant lately  I've been obsessing over this gym/loosing weight thing  I don't think I'll ever b satisfied
i'm missing those care-free dayss.. sleeping.. goin to the gym.. my usual routine.. then all of a sudden-i just got 2 weeks to enjoy that 
Is headed to the gym. I want to go back to sleep 
Just been the gym... Only to find that its closed 
Wants to join te gym again. I'm the biggest gym junkie! I love it! It's my second home. Until it got to expensice 
Wants to join the gym again! I'm the biggest gym junkie! It's like my second home! Until it got too expensive. 
I NEED to go to the gym  this is depressing
Just returned from the gym. It is shocking how much fitness you can lose in only 4 years without sport.  And I am hungry as hell!
bout to head off to the gym and meet with my personal trainer. wanted to sleep in soooooo bad... 
went to the gym last night, i didn't feel like i pushed myself hard but i must of since i was a little sick, gym not open today 
Still OT in my office,can not go to the gym 2night, 
At ze gym.. Y so crowded 2nite? 
@SavvyAuntie oh  I'm @ the gym now
Oh dear, too long in the sauna at the gym, now i have a headache 
@dylankelly I still don't understand how they work! haha, we're probably doing it wrong  what time 2mrw for gym? i'll be there at 6!
Off to the gym.... and only 40 min. late 
id forgotten how much the gym hurts! 
is recovering from 2 days of hell at the gym...who knew those muscles were even there??? 
guess i should wear my gym clothes to the movies, as i shall be devouring pretzel bites and the gym is on the same strip as the movies 
sooooo sore from the gym 
@daisydukelba oooh, that's what you do? that's so cool! ohoh...getting late, must get ot the gym and still in my robe! 
trying to unfreeze my ipod so i can go to the gym! 
@neiko34 I hate when that happens.There was this one instructor that I loved but she doesnt work at the gym i go to anymore 
my chest hurt...i go to the gym, i am training a friend....i still worried 
Working the desk at the gym for one of the dead shifts. Having to listen to tunes over and over.. only interupted by a gym user grunting 
Dreading the gym.  
@whitenova do you think it maybe at the gym 
I miss @misstake_13 too, but the gym still sucks when she's here or not  love you brittany!
morning, still trying to find a babysitter, there is a creche at the gym so might leave him there, but just know he won't be happy 
@gulpanag unfortunately I choose sleep over gym almost everyday  trying to get over it!
good morning! off to the gym I go  
My stomach effing hurts. Sadly there'll be no gym class this afternoon 
It's raining  I can't go out to jogging... I have to do it in my house gym...
does not feel like babysitting. i want to go to the gym. weird, i know. i miss zack 
@imalexevans He he i wish i could go to the gym 
I hurt my foot in gym class. 
Just realized I hold a membership in the gym - saw my bank statement 
Just got to the gym but w/no energy 
Waiting for my turn on wii fit gym closed 
soooo tired from the gym 
why doesn't anyone ever want to go to the gym with me? 
wishes his legs wouldn't be so useless after the gym 
I wish I had a 24 membership. F-in with la fitness the gym closes at 12. 
gym in about 40 minutes. As if I can even be bothered to go, painful feets 
Going to the gym 
Taking a break from gaming to go to the gym 
awake, probably going to the gym.. wish i was still sleeping 
I really need to go to the gym 
just got done running errands. trying to motivate myself to go to the gym. still sick! cold, cold go away!!!!! 
Going to the gym 
I need to go to the gym, it's been like 4 days 
Wants to get a gym membership and stop drinking! you make such a dick of yourself and regret it the next day 
Wanting to be at the gym     stupid ankle...
hitting the gym!  its bout time
@ames43 settle down you. Gym was closed 
I exit the gym to loud music, and fireworks. Wtf? And I'm pretty sure the gym showers are the new homosexual hot spots. For my loss 
Some guy asked me if I was preggers cuz I just ate...  ... I'm going to the gym
@rachelmccarver i saw you from the other side of the gym...but i left right after the ceremony was over. i was a wreck. 
Up and about finally, going to the gym yaaaay  lol
JUst got back from a big rally at a gym  it was SO boring
My Gym is closing today. Last birthday party ever right now. 
Off to the gym!!!! 
off to cancel gym membership so i don't have to worry about them anymore. just canceled my netflix 
This is definitely not a day for the gym.  But i have to go and force myself to get up 
didn't go to the gym......again 
pilates, then lifting at the gym. hello 7am. i always wake up early. 
@tbones I miss the gym 
ok it's back to the gym for me. got to get rid of this gut  
@MamiNami3 I'm headed to the gym but I wish it was with u 
finished gym...abs hurt 
At the gym...daycare isn't open yet...guess no yoga this mornin 
At the gym by myself  learned how to tape my foot for running on webmd.com last night
Is off to the gym and his sadistic quack-trainer.  Taking @cheenijohn with me for company and physiotherapy
too shag to do anything.. let alone running and gym. 
@big_blue_wolf That's not fair. I've been to the gym every morning and eaten MUCH less, and only lost 3lbs 
finished gym. but haas lost.  i thought he was going to win!
to the gym then back to work 
awake! eating, gym, then movies with either linds or the ginger, but apparently i'm never allowed to hang out with both at once. 
@djpenetrate lol.. I couldn't go back to sleep..  But I went to the gym!!! So that's good.
laalalala. i'm bored.  tempted to go to the gym.
Just got through doing yoga  now about to hit the gym forreal... this sucks!!
WTF, I'm so stuffy!  I thought I was getting better.  I think I ought to skip the gym tonight.. 
Washing clothes is cutting into my gym time 
i need new gym gloves, their ripping 
Just came back from the gym...almost died 
pizzza or the gym ??? though decisions everyday  lol
Is really sad she had to suspend her gym membership 
still trying to ward off this backache!!  I am sad cause I havent been to the gym 
curses golden spoon opened up near my gym 
@corycupcakes btw, do you have a gym membership yet? i'm so tired of going there by myself lookin a fool 
@corycupcakes btw, do you have a gym membership yet? i'm so tired of going there by myself! 
off to the gym. I need a workout buddy lol 
not going to the gym anymore because nicolas woke up crying 
Heading to the gym. 
@thecx don't want to even imagine how my first time ever in the gym will be :S 
Just had the craziest nightmare. that wasn't cool. @ all. I'm going to the gym.. 
tired  going to head to the gym soon!
no gym for a long time 
It's gym it's grim it's 5.48 
&quot;through the storms and the night, baby you stood by my side&quot; http://twitpic.com/6g80m  G'night twitterverse! Gym final in the morning 
Going to lift some weights. The walks to the gym are creepy now that I gotta walk way around, since they tore down the bridge 
Off to the gym...yay. 
Wondering whether the tide will turn!  someone motivate me for gym!
YIKESS! I had gym today for sport. It was tiring. and omg my legs are dead 
Just got done at gym...now off to work 
Taking a break from the gym this morning to go to the doctor 
Really should go to the gym but I so can't be bothered, too tired 
Lunch,studying then day two of my serious workout! Just gotta get my foot in the gym. But why is that sooo difficult? 
I'm always sad when i leave the gym. 
Because I planned this retreat! Gym tomorrow the abs are sick and work  bed early as hell cuz I got a 5 mile run at 5 am! Yikes!!!
@k0p just got out of training...omg...so hard..and i'm still crispy...not sure if i'm going to make it to the gym or not 
Should have learned how to use the chin up machine at the gym before she got on it and injured herself. 
Just got done washing the car, couldn't wash the busted out of it tho.  going to buy some sweats for the gym.
Gym is fucking packed!! 
@dhaval88 no wonder you didnt want to have lunch with me...you were too busy looking at other girls at the gym 
Gym time.....geez I don't want to go.  
@cr09manutd, i just got home from the gym. i feel like i'm just getting more and more fat 
I just went to the gym and it hurts 
Just got out of gym....really pushed myself tonight....wow didn't realize how out of shape I really got 
I've got a long day tomorrow eww bleakaliciousness is not cool! Gym @ 6am and then class, and handling people's bizness for them ugh 
@charitorae proud of you! wish i was motivated enough to go to the gym. 
At the gym 40mins on thecross trainer -missed start of spinning class 
procrastinating.  I so do NOT want to go to the gym, and I so need to 
@delovelyTM no I don't have a gym membership  but I do want to siGn up!
doesnt really want to walk home from the gym in the rain 
gym! yay! then gym shower! major yay! then work  then dentist appointment at 10 *scared*
today I am thinking about venturing back into the gym, trouble is it will probably involve the dreaded treadmill 
Is tired after joining the gym. 
Going to the gym! Really need to lose some weight! 
back pain  later gym
Is having a fat day  lol I need to join a gym asap but I can't afford it  who wants to pay for me a gym membership?!?
Coulden't go to Gym  and coulden't have a nap  Hmmmmm I think I need to go for shopping or having coffee in festival city this evining !
@rhettroberts doing squats...in the gym. 
....came from the gym, still have a bad cough... 
slept in too late to go to the gym.  shower and working 3-8
Thinks working out is funner &amp; better at the gym. 
Laps at the climbing gym today....forearms are tired  #fb
Is clean! And unfortunately was lazy and didn't go to the gym 
Gym time, I hate soderling won 
wow just gettin 2tha Gym was up stupid L8 
Gym is done. Yanks rained out. 
I think I broke my middle toe at the gym today 
naptime then gym..gotta rehab my knee 
Gym....weights...cardio.  I'm tired.  
i need more sleep, why did i go the gym now i feel even worse 
@DaWoman504 no pizza for me...u know im in the gym..can't eat that anymore 
is going to the gym now 
At the gym warming up to do legs! This is going to be fun 
4 boys were accused of raping a 13 yr old in their gym locker room 
I woke up at 2:00  wasted my day already. and i was suppose to go the gym.
too much bud last night lol Gym time but not feeling like going 
scratch the gym..i dont know how to workout-havent exercised since cheerleading in h.s. 
need 2 get up the energy to go 2 the gym, my abdomen is not fit for bikinis 
Going to the gym...... yuck 
About to hit up the gym... I'm finally working out instead of eating when I get depressed... I figure it's healthier 
I need a new gym membership 
Who spends $9 to go to the gym? Apparently me, that's who.  Not happy.
@Lavers12 where u run to? i need to join the gym again 
In Gym class  lol hating everything
Going to the gym,weightroom is being cleaned up.I can't beleive we have practice on a sunday 
wishes he has more gym discipline 
Jewly is gym then work 
@Carmyell just came from tryin to play ball but the gym was closed. 
Not being successful in finding a huge sports bra  how can I use my free gym membership w/o a sporys bra?
Just went to the gym to work on the guns or lack of... I think my best days are behind me 
Already thinkin bout skippin out on the gym tomorrow 
sorry its been so long! ive been so busy moving  needing to get back to the gym
@ScottRhodie Ah, didn't know about it and no, hitting the gym, then the bed. I am crook 
gym &amp; science finals todayy...ohh joy! 
i want to go to the gym but i cant be arsed 
I'm up and need to head to the gym but I would rather get back in bed 
What a shitty weekend, my locker got broken into at the YMCA 
woke up.. summer gym 
Has sore calves for da gym 
is not looking forward to the gym tonight 
@QthePhotog I know  it sux so bad and I think its from the gym.
Of course i finally feel motivated to go to the gym and cant. I hurt my leg 
so tired from the gym 
i hate the dentist  now work til 7 i believeee..and most likely working my arse off at the gym after :X
Watching gtst! .. not going 2 gym anymore  ...
It's cold  may need to re asses my going to the gym with shorts
Nothing like getting in the cold water at the YMCA pool and then getting kicked out 10 minutes later so they can shock the pool 
i was at gym.. now i'm going to.. idk 
Gym, check. Groceries, check. Watching the view, eating oreos ... Then back to the to dos ...  laundry and cleaning 
Tiredness  gym tomoro, please give me the motivation to go!
Gym bound 
my gym is closing   I need to find a new yoga class.
Gym  ... i'm tireeeed!
going to the gym to work my butt off 
went to a hip hop dance class at the gym that was not that hot 
#haveyouever broke your ankle in gym class?? .... *guilty face* 
finally got to the gym.....felt good but im still grumpy and my head is throbbing 
need motivation to go to the gym! 
is still aching - two days after the gym induction 
college today  then the gym a few more pounds to go
Its a sad day my friends - I just gave up my gym membership!! 
i shud get ready n hit the gym  i'm fed up with it already!
at the gym ...off to work now 
I think I overdid it at the gym. my legs are killing me 
was bhangra dancing wid the ladies at the gym.. Now off to bras basah and orchard for supi's farewell! 
Hates waking up  back to work today... Gym tonight... ~9 days in countdown~
annoyed that most of the machines were taken at the gym this morning. I wasn't able to get in the workout I wanted. 
enjoyed the gym but feel like i got jipped. i only got 30 min with my trainer but becca got an hour!   
@ the gym lifting weights...gotta get rid of all this fat 
@bellesea my gym partner left me 
ackk. my feet got bruises because of my shoes  and my knees are so tired of walking from amv-coa bldg-gym-library-gym.
Finally home, gotta go gym then start the coursework. So tired 
no school today! Gym time though and then a loong day of studying for geo 
Walking on the treadmill after attempt at jogging @ the park didn't work out!! 
My personal trainer killed me in the gym  feel sick
Gym timee! The who knows...who wants to visit me in delawareeeee  I'm lonely without my friends
Gym is miles away... D guilt is much closer 
back from gym! had dinner and took a bath. now it's time to do my homework. 
Starting the gym tomorrow.Or going 2the hairdresser.But if I do that I wont go 2the gym cuz my hair would ruin.It's hard being a girl 
@ the gym personal trainer is pissed I'm late 
damn broke my nose at the gym...it hurts 
@prithvi I m waiting  I have been lazy in the gym!
sleep time. Gym at 9 am tomorrow, then work, then running with dylan. JAC- sorry no beach tomorrow. 
@DavidArchie im late with this too.  you don't even need a treadmill. i need a treadmill, i've used one before. i know what you are...
off to the gym -I am really forcing myself to go! 
@Shawno74  I am heading to the gym lol
is really hurting from the Gym. I didnt realise that the instructors wanted to kill me...? 
cba this morning. why did i agree to the gym? 
away shopping.. in the rain  &amp; then gym.. cba! i want sleep.
sore from the gym tonite 
@edibow got told off at our local baby gym for bouncing on the special trampoline-y floor, kids only apparently, boo 
aches *so* much from the 4 circuits she did at the gym yesterday 
@shontelsherrea who wants to get up and go to the gym right now? i certainly dont  lmao
In the gym my trainer is killing me 
has not been to the gym for a long time 
@wednesdaychef There's definitely not room in my cubicle for an exercise ball. I fear using one would give me back probs, not hot abs. 
Too sick to go to the gym 
Bout to hit tthe gym...maybe...still sore from yesterday 
Not sure whether to be happy or sad that I don't have to go to the gym! you're all very mean this evening 
at the gym ugh.....tired 
ready to go home...tired of the gym...24 more minutes on the bike 
Gym two times a day for four days now yay! I think second session today was slacker status though 
Is disappointed coz I couldn't get up for gym this morning 
At the gym 
Off to the gym 
@o0owhosdiso0o because you didnt go to the H street gym 
3 days left on my gym membership   Not renewing.
It's way too early to be arriving at the gym. 
haven't gone to the gym for a month now  what a waste of membership
My foot cramped at the gym 
really need to go to the gym....not feeling the motivation. 
starting new job july 8 i am sooooo excirted!!!!!! still no gym though 
Our last gym 
headed to the gym......again, but i dont mind, cuz pretty soon i wont get to be there 
Omgosh my ankle is still big and we have gym class tomorrow 
At gym, aarrgghh so tired 
ugh, i hate days like this  i don't feel like going to the gym, i hate when my friends tell me to go with them... I'm not a &quot;gym person&quot;
@RobKardashian I'm at the gym waiting for my trainer to get here  I've only had two sessions and my entire body is sore already
She just stated that I talk about about going to the gym  and she stated it  does not look that way  @sbumblebee
doggy woke me up  but now its time to hit the gym,.
gym again later,  i need a six pack for spain ahah grossss..
At least I know going to the gym is working... now my pants don't fit 
at the gym ... all by myself 
Ugh so not going to the gym tonight 
going to the gym....hopefully everyone doesn't stare at my ugly red face  lol
Sickly.  no gym, no tanning, this sucks.
Thinking gym is a no go again due to continuing headacheyness 
I am sleepy, but I have to go to the gym 
alana never came over   have dance then 2 hours of gym....
Is going for a gym punishment 
im mad I left my gym bag at home! I really feel like being at the gym 
Ugh... So upset... I can't go to the gym for a week or until my knee gets better... So bummed... 
My throat is really sore  feel like I've swallowed a tennis ball. Also I've put on half a stone. Gym membership next month?
@itsChrisOhh I hate the gym  you need to come back chris
Not fun being at the gym when you have zero motivation. 
Seriously sore from Gym  OuCh!!
@ean2007 swirll will probably be closed before we're done with the gym 
tired from the gym 
is quite disappointed that the gym is closed 
I miss the gym!! can't afford it anymore 
Thickummzz is so missing the gym   I will get it in 700 calories on monday
Still feel wrecked after the gym this morning so not fit 
in the gym .. all aloneee 
is headin to the gym soon 
These gym sessions are killing my arms. 
K bout to get myself in the gym  before all machines are occupied again! like yesterday 
All these women in tank tops at the gym right now, and I have to be at the office 
just got back from the gym and very sad there were no cute firefighters this time 
on my way to the gym..tryin to get in shape, you should have seen me in gym class last year, well no, you shouldn't 
Not going 2 the gym..  :'(
Going to the gym later; damnn 
is trying to find the motivation to get out of this house and to the gym. booooo. 
I have so been back sliding with my diet these last 2 days.  I haven't even gone to the gym.  
today has been so annoying first i walk to get hair dye and they don't even sell it and then the gym was closed 
@cecilong you betchhhh you went to the gym without me 
Best get myself to the gym, no training partner today 
i hurt my calf muscle at the gym 
good morning... off to the gym, so tired 
home fro the gym now and I dont now wat to do ! 
Gym then who knows. No zoo  damn weather!
achey from the gym 
back again, the gym closed at 7 
have eaten so much food. desperately need to go to the gym but busy tomorrow 
Running errands...in the rain. I have so had it with all this rain   http://myloc.me/4Gym
just kidding, stupid gym is closed 
@halesbells Haha sorry about the gym. 
I'm so sore, but all I can think about is going back to the gym.  ON IT!
bout to get a gym membership so i can start gettin back in shape...if only i had a workout buddy 
trying to look good is sooo hard, sore from the gym &amp; guys are so dumb! 
I should really renew my gym membership...I'm gettin fat 
didnt do the YMCA dance, but did, hesistanting, the chicken dance and then had to sit. damn pinup shoes are gorgeous but deadly to feet! 
still waiting to go to the gym 
is sore from gym 
Going to the gym... Yay 
@MattLGraves seriously... all this gym talk...i miss zumba   enjoy breakfast. hi to laura...
is still dizzy    I blame that db at the gym for hurting me.
Getting ready for the gym. I dont know what to say or do 
Upset that @imcudi won't be able to drop sky might fall when transformers 2 drops  Gym has been calling my name, time to answer!
I am off to the gym again. I hope I am not sore from the weights again this week. 
Wants to go to da gym... But is too poor to get a membership... 
is heading to the gym with her boyfriend...ah so lazy 
Gym time! Somebody buy me a new rifle with a strap 
just came from the gym and saw my trainer...I wish I still had my old trainer 
I feel tired today , i`m not going to Gym 
@ChandraSpencer a studio.....I'm giving up on tne gym 
@positivemommies yoga is wonderful, v good 4 chillng me out.  I am not a fan of gyms so I enjoy outdoor activities 
back from the gym...feel like raiding my fridge 
@LucyMarie85 awwww your such a sweetie thankyou sooooooo much for doing this!!! I lurrrrrrve you! P.s just got back from the gym 
Just came back from the gym... legs are sore!!! 
Wish i was in atl (never thought id say that) at the game with th and kf. Gym and baseball on tv 
Going to the gym now I need to burn off some frustrations...yooo I had to call my mom so she could talk me out of the store  issues
I'm at the gym, but still in pain frok last time's workout 
@Everbr i got mine in the gym  and yeah, too much gaming takes a toll on me too bro!
good mornning. already at work and had breakfast. going to the gym again tonight. my muscles still ache. ouch. 
Ramen and donutholes and pringles... Hahhhaha after I went to the gym earlier too 
At the gym again. Not enjoying it again. It's like going to the dentist. I hate it but i do it cus i know i have to. 
My lil Katiebug is at gym til 1230  and josephs sleeping. so yay.
@jtbritto I think I may have forgotten what the gym is. 
Getting up n going 2 the gym is so hard! 
Ughhhhh I'm hungover, not going to the gym here 
going to the gym 
Gym time!!!!! I hear thunder??? 
is soon off to the gym.. alrighty .. but too tired 
so not in the mood for gym class. still ache from dance audition yesterday 
ouch! my back really hurts and it looks like i won't make it to the gym  puchita!
at the gym &amp; just found out about farrah- thats so sad 
working out at the hotel gym.  112 calories burned.
@RheaP better be careful with that aching feet in the gym. 
@ijustine How bout u remind me to go to the gym 
I am back from the gym! 
off to the gym 
is home from the gym and is going to sit on her butt all day 
feels good after being to the gym 
Sooooooooooo i went to the gym and it was so lovely 
@rheeuhh enjoy the pizza.  You've been such a gym rat lately, your metabolism will probably burn that off pronto!
@katita87 then do weights at the gym, you dont have to run. lol 
Going to the gym 
I have to hit the gym extra hard.I've been slacking lately and not eating good at all..very mad at myself. About to get extreme baby! 
well, that wasnt as hard as I thought!  workin it at the gym!
heading to the gym. 
productive sunday, now off to the gym 
@StickyGooeyChef all of this reminds me...i need to hit the gym!  (sigh.)
Picking up my new treadmill, yay!!! 
just arrived from the gym  burning some calories 
has been at the gym and is real happy!! 
Up in the gym working on my fitness.... Last week for early mornings 
Going to fitness studio now 
hello just came from gym 
Hoping that @marthabird will return to the gym. 37 days later and she's changed continents to get away from the gym 
went to the gym with my dumplings feels great! 
@mikepking - don't ya wish you had a gym where u live for free?? you guys should move to st. kitts 
Heading off to the gym to lift weights 
At the gym w/ my red nikes and fave red shirt, burning calories n shaking off stress b4 meeting  love it!
Going to the gym for a good core-workout. you should try it, it's great!! 
just had 9 hours of sleep, but still feeling dizzy. Gym on top of that, and I'm ready to go back to bed 
@brokenbabydolll did you go to the gym? 
@essapamandanan cool! i always work out at home. i don't do gym memberships  so i manage my own exercisin sched. lol 
Having a great couple of days! Gym time!!! 
Just got out the gym... now on to subway 
dance. gym. more dance. homwork. dress shopping for graduation 
is heading to the gym 
laundry + breakfast + gym + pho. sundays @ geneve. finally. 
Gym here i come! 
Gym cross trainer 1 hour, sunday papers, Coffeeeeeeeee 
sprained his back muscle at the gym. shouldn't have read ohlala before going for a workout - too much pressure! 
Apparently Irish pirates like firm booties. Off to the gym I go 
Apparently Irish pirates like firm booties. Off to the gym I go 
Trying to motivate myself to go downstairs and do my cardio 
Off to the gym shortly 
@CRCMwn be honest.  the treadmill was off and you were sitting on it 
Waking up early to go to the gym 
Looking forward to a session at the gym 
@MattLewisMusic lol we are going to place called frosties its a soft play centre it knackers them lol, then i get peace for the gym  lol
today will be productive: gym now....lots and lots of writing later 
@dannywood lemme guess - you ran 5 miles at the gym, and are waking your kids up, and then going to the beach and / or recording studio?  
just had a gym sesh. 
@kyoisorange ok ermm I'll meet you in the gym at half four then 
has just returned from the gym  time to work..
Gym session over, now for some breakfast 
Finally im home again, always feels better after a gym session 
@rmurphey dude -- do it and let me know how it goes -- *I'm* interested in mobile dojo. 
Just got back from the gym I feel great 
It feel so good after working out at the gym! I have so much energy right now! LOL... 
@FizzyDuck look forward to the metro goss then when back from gym 
@MyCaribbeanFood hehe. I love that excuse blogging instead of the gym. 
Morning  should really get up and go to the gym....but topshop.com is so much more inviting
been to the gym been shopping and its not even 9.30 am yet. 
@JamesMW78 always worth going to the gym for that 
back from college, gym later though 
bank done: currently at the gym, ran 2.5 miles on the treadmill, now doing chest exercises, it hurts so good 
@WeeMagic LOL maybe if there is a gym in that cupboard  Thanks for the follow!
At long last it is time for bed. Gym in the morning, golf early afternoon and O's midday @ 2 
Off to the gym for a swim 
Off to the gym again 
@imjustcreative  not sure why I got up so early - but went to the gym  
Just got back from a 13.8 mile run - decided to do it on the treadmill at the gym, too much rain outside!! Most boring 2 hours ever 
@TrinaWright I was with you until the lycra and gym bit 
I am finally going back to the gym after my weeks hiatus. Other than that. I have absolutely nothing to doooo   
Off to the gym 
At the gym, so far unnoticed 
Gym bcus its almost summer 
gym tomorrow  what have i gotten myself into!?
Just joined a gym and loving it  ....can summer get here already?
back on tracxk with gym - yay! spray tan desperately needed though 
going to the gym  Z'YAH!
time to sleep, have to wake up early to go to the gym 
morning: job interview. not brilliant. afternoon: pilates &amp; gym. local tv actor at gym  he's fit 
Going to the gym 
gone to the gym 
looking forward to going to the gym after two weeks!  
Getting ready for gym and work 
Is going to the gym in a minute 
Off to the gym i go! 
wahoooooo great gym session, the weeks started now  howdy all
Heading to the gym and happy about it 
Heading to the gym 
@saskiajones ohhhhhh. I see. well they probs won't come up on it  yeah I'm in the gym tooXXXXX
Gym time for me 
revising but looking forward to going to the gym followed by a nice long run 
going to class then out shopping to get more stuff for my room then going to the gym 
just got back home from working out @ the gym with hitomi... am having pizza now... 
@betyoo Is not long out of the gym and its still sunny tho windy 
Being at the gym is awesome! 
Gym fuckin blowsss.  Going to the state house for a leadership award today. The nervousness is killing me... 
back to the gym after a month!!!!!! pain has never felt so good 
Headed to the gym!! 
just got back from the gym &amp; did a little pilates  showerr..then grocery store &amp; some other errands.
Going to go swimming  . and Gym!!!!!!!! One day i will have both of these in my house -- we can always dream aye
Yay it's friday  Off to the gym and then out for some beers 
going to the gym, then swimming, then off to sarahs 
is tired from the gym - but loves the hockey photos 
Right. Off to the gym I go! 
was more sweatier than a fat kid in a cannibal camp at the gym today 
Morning twits! At the gym 
To top that off, my triceps are killing me after working out too hard yesterday, but im going back to the gym today for cardio 
Itd be shitty. If they did that then water ballooned thr gym. 
I know that I should go to the gym.  I know I should.  But I don't want to know .... 
well ok girls im off to the gym to get all sweaty working on my fitness!! 
in the my gym, waiting to leave cedar point. 
Gym tomorrow at 10 with vanessa and melanie. Be jealous  good night!!!
in bio. haha played tennis in gym, it was fun. 
butt kicking at the gym, now work til SIX. 
At the gym 
@musiclove18 no u can't fail lol  its better if u take gym.. =D
Mmmm bison burgers + sweet potato fries + salad = healthy but tasty  now more work to do, everything is organized finally! Gym tomorrow
YAY for the amore gym floor trainer job! 
I'm not as much too lazy to workout as I am too lazy to drive to the gym, does someone want to give me a ride? 
At The Gym 
at the gym, watched the tigers loose 
@Miameow09 haha i knew you were LOL.. i am 19.. how can i do kettlebell the gym is enough for me  i would die!!
Gym then hot box sauna. Yay for a in evening!  
@nickeeh It seems like you're always at the gym! So dedicated to staying in shape 
