Most common words for this cluster:
[('had', 1225), ('day', 215), ('night', 198), ('today', 135), ('time', 124), ('work', 72), ('dream', 69), ('weekend', 68), ('home', 64), ('fun', 57), ('morning', 56), ('tonight', 38)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Had', 0.99990314245224), (u'Has', 0.6592661142349243), (u'Have', 0.612246036529541), (u'had', 0.5796770453453064), (u'have', 0.5324918627738953), (u'Having', 0.5003449320793152), (u'hadnt', 0.4842384159564972), (u"had've", 0.48359400033950806), (u'Would', 0.4819699823856354), (u'Was', 0.479139506816864)]





My mind and body are severely protesting this &quot;getting up&quot;  thing. Had nightmares to boot 
got highly bored today scanning 24 pages for daddy. Had to do it! 
back @ work. Had a bad start of day almost falling down the stairs  Not enjoying work yet...
Had a moment with run fatboy run 
Had too much fun last night- paying for it now... going to go and fry an egg 
Had a great 21st birthday but is sick as with the flu 
@DanceofLife hiya which slides do you mean? Your contact photo in B/W? Had minor crisis too and had to replace all contacts so no photos 
didn't sleep at all last night. Had a terrible dream of being caught in a car and zombies trying to get in and eat me.  no bueno.
Had stress relieved, now it has returned 
Had horrible dream in which one of The Sats died :|  The first dream I've had about them that I properly remember and it's that terrible!!
Had my studio taken over by some bloody musicians. That leaves me stuck in the office. 
: Had to come inside because the cable didn't reach to the bit of the garden with sun  Now sitting in the lounge instead...
Had a very long day.beat. getting ready for saturday to be a same 
Had a great night last night, except for the fact that my bike was stolen 
Had to cut my round short 
Had my scooter stolen last night...I feel so violated.  It was a piece of crap but at least it was my crap...now it's someone else's 
Had some ask me to make their site rank 1st in google for the word printing... Where do people get their information? 
Had my first windsurf day this year, weather was perfect except for the wind  little bit more next time por favor
Not the best of pics, but better than nothing I suppose ;) Had more, but my cell ended up resetting resolution to 120x160 
Doing surgeries.  Had to withdraw from a tennis tournament because I won't be done in time.  I'm the number 1 seed too!  
Cheers to all at #webdd (esp. @plip, @davesussman, @apwestgarth &amp; @blowdart). Had a great day, just sorry I couldn't make beers after 
Had our 1st soccer game today and lost 2-4 
@noizangel  Right there with you on the migraines. Had one since yesterday. 
Had too much caffeine today... 
Had an awesome day but can't shake this weird feeling 
Had vegetable rice 4 lunch which cost quite alots but still hungry.  - http://tweet.sg
ugh why did the weekend go by so quick? Had a really great time. But now it is time to study...for physics. 
Had a great night out with the girls but wishes the boy could have been there 
Murrrr I'm rusty.  Had to put lots of my website stuff on hold during college. Trying to revamp my portfolio, tough work.
&amp;so tired. Had to call/deal w cops for random kid who got jumped in street, srs bleeding  think they found the guys tho..hoping
Had my shift canned at work. It sucks balls. 
Had to remove 27 fav videos on youtube from 256  Those were the best -.-
Had I known about this three day weekend, I would have flown home. 
Round 2: lost - mostly against myself...  drop! Had 5 mulligans in 4 games AND played like shit
Had a horrible dream about my man..... 
Had to lock my dog in the kitchen because there's a plumber coming. He's crying ....breaking my heart. 
Had a kickass weekend! but now has to face the consequences of leaving homework and revision to the very last minute 
Had a great night with some bad revelations.  I always want someone I just can't have.
Had one of my reoccuring dream themes last night: I'm at an amusement park and I never make it to any of the rides. 
Had the worst dream. 
Had a very ugly dream and is not feeling rested at all 
Had a really tiring weekend- and back to school tomoz...fun times 
Had a bit of a rough day and have slowly worked my way through the medicine cabinet - ending with the diazepam...which has worked best 
Had a dream bout nick last night i miss him 
Had to come home early to take my little boy to the doctor 
Had a fantastic weekend, which will make today suck that much more 
@laursy no my dear. Had a quite night in with me and laptop  listening to tunes all night.
Had to endure a trip to the docs today  he decided i have tonsillitis. it struck me that its the only time i see my name in lights!!!
Had a terrible dream that I've practically had a million times before 
Had bunches of fun at prom but now has to go back to school 
whoa - email is killing me.  Had the inbox down to 4 unanswered items last night.  woke up to 20 more 
@keeperofdreams off to doc this morning. Had collapsed lung late last year, wonder if connected! 
Had 27 thoughts about the same thing. This is why I try not to miss you. 
@SaschaGommel I'll have a look at it ;-) Couldn't come to the lecture - Had to go to the dentist 
Had to get up early this morn 'cos of an appt., mother got up earlier and found a puddle or three on the floor, ooooh dear 
I missed so much these last two weeks! Had a huge web project to launch. Finally catching up. So many missed tweets 
Had a very rough night and struggling at work... 
Had to park so far away 
Had no time for breakfast 
Had a blast tonight but wish my guy could have been there 
Had a great night with people. I wish I was 21, gah it's so frustrating having to be left behind cuz i'm only 20 
Had fun tonight. Would have had 10x more fun with alissa though 
Had my hair dyed in dark brown but got no results. 
Had to give out his lucky 1us bill to pay a cab 
I just dropped my 3rd cup of coffee on the table, &amp; it spilled all over when the cup broke  Had 2 clean up a mess. &amp; i'm 1 cup short n ...
Just got home. Bout to go crash. Had a freakin blast last nite. I love my friends &amp; am gonna miss them seniors. 
@emzsy I've come down with something. Had to come home from work.  feel shit. xox
Had to cancel the treasure hunt part of my bday party bc of rain 
#windows7rc installed on nc10. Also converted from trial to paid for version of MSOnline. Had to pay for 5 licenses but only needed 2. 
Had a good morning - facial and a pedi while chuck had the kids, now time for my shot 
Had a fun day at the beach.  Now gotta study tomorrow 
Had an awesome time last night! not enjoying the down-buzz though 
Had to say goodbye to my leather jacket today, it was replaced by a new hopefully not going to fall apart after a week one. 
Had to get out of bed with my lover to go to work 
Had a great night with some pretty awesome friends  But now I have to go to work for some sunday banter. booo 
Had another bad night, though got about 6 hours sleep. Feelz dizzy 
Had such a blissful sleep and woke up having completely forgotten I have work today 
It be a wee bit windy out there today. Had to cancel a shoot. 
Only just woke up! Had a horrible nightmare that the cat died 
Had a great weekend, buts its getting over now.  Nonetheless had a great time. i am very happy.
Had a nice night but nowhere near as much lulz as a muser meet 
Had a blast last night got in 5:30am and my fone is  already ringing..... 
Had a great night last night! Not looking forward to what's in a week 
*2 days til 26, whatcha getting me?* Had a night alone for once! WOW! I miss him though 
Had an amazing time with the girls at the bachelorette party! Now its time to go home 
Had a good fruit day at the allotment got my beans and peas sorted and made a proper bed for my strawberries, I'm now aching 
Had my credit card number stolen 
Had such a fun day with my baby ((: now back to hw 
Had a very nice weekend, but now back @ work again. In a meeting whole day! 
Had a wonderful weekend with my brother. I'm tired now... going zzzzz.... need to go to work tomorrow 
Had a seriously fun Wappu weekend with a lot of action. Just quite tired now 
Had some really messed up dreams 
Had to wake up early to wash my hair  I have to go to school today which is gonna be pretty much pointless
@adamgresty that's horrible. Had a similar experience on a flight last year...makes you want to weep for humankind, does it not? 
Had a rough night sleep- still tired 
@girl2008 he's much better this morning thanks. I use this enzyme stuff on him. Had to stay out last night &amp; he's a bug sissy about that. 
Had to type out her drink request on her phone at starbucks because she cant talk. 
I have a killer headache   Had one yesterday too.  I wanna go home!
Had a fun afternoon and is tired.  And didn't get any work done.  And should start packing up 
@drunkstepfather i swear man, all was good, i went there, clicked a link + started getting uncontrollable popups. Had to reformat 
Had to restart my computer... sound wouldn't work.  But it's all better now!
was really good. Had things I was planning on saying. But it looks like I'll never get to say them 
Had a fab day shopping y'day.... Just a shame that it's all over and stress has taken over again! 
Had a blast a formal with my lovers, at home and thinking I just won't be able to sleep w/o my pup  but he always sleeps with me always
Had a very weird dream, was in a forrest walking with my brother when these skunks started following us, You can't chase skunks away. 
Had a really good dream last night  
Had to take my son to the hospital, he's sick 
Had a hard time falling asleep without my babes 
At work  went to church. Had to leave early gay...
Had to cancel my date today..far too many red spots on my face  
Heading home after dinner. Had a great weekend with hubby, daughter and baby. So sad it has to end 
Had a nice mother's day and spent with the best mom ever. also, my car broke down today. that wasn't so nice. it just got towed. 
@Babasfarmlife Had to post here.  Having problems sending direct messages for some reason. 
Had a great weekend except that I wasn't able to get my filters check and get new tetras 
@blondemomblog No dogs yet. Several false alarms, though  Had one alleged spotting in your neighborhood. You may have seen me cruising
@jhosie I'm at the office. Had to attend presentation for new researcher 
Had a lovely big bowl of honey nut cornflakes but due to some malfuction with my eating I didnt eat it all 
Had neither telephone nor internet connection for a day 
@p_puddleduck @HoneyButterNuts @abs1399 i just woke up &amp; I missed all the tweets  Had a horrible dream...anyway good morning
@nggary you must show me where they are! Had corn stuck in my teeth all afternoon 
@aneD LOL I hate it when that happens! Hadn't checked link but was alerted by a sudden rash of similar offers from other mags and looked! 
About to go to bed. Had a super long day. Just wish I could sleep in 
Had a long time to finish angels and demons... And faaiiilleddd 
Had a good time today with my mom, sis, daughter and bff. Jsut wish I wasn't in so much pain. 
@secrettweet they just want the car...no one still cares whether or not one is alive anymore.  Had to add 2cents.
_girl: on way home frm gig ~ featured 5 of the city's entertainmnt award nominees!! Had gr8 soundNcrowd, but crowds lightr than usual  ..
Had a fun night watching movies with james. Missing the boyfriend like crazy 
Just got home from the movies. Had a really good time but unfortunately all good things must come to an end 
Had a blast at disneyland for my birthday!  Thanks all that came!! It's no longer my birthday!    http://twitpic.com/5ckzh
Had a nice gig 2night! Going to sleep now...gotta b up @ 6! 
Had a rough night on her new bed 
Had plans to go cycling this morning but the weather is too bad. It's is raining most of the time 
Had a great, relaxing week @ the istana. He leaves in 10 days &amp; I have my driving test tomorrow 
@Jamash Had that, but nothing happened 
Had scrambled egg for breakfast partly because there is no other food in the house 
Had my first crash 
Had a dream that she met @tayswift and wished it was reality! 
@kenkenthenext  Had too much fun last night? :3
Had some yummy blueberrys..wish it had pancakes.. 
Had a fight with my mom, which almost always happens when I'm at her house 
@wtfwilliam yeah  woke up to terrys mom balling her eyes out. Had to put her down
Had a great time last evening. But still has chores to do and I'm not feeling good today either.   
@LondonElek Had 2 gigs of fail due to needle problems this weekend... 
talking to my lovely lovie. Had a bad dream  scary.
Had 2 leave church early. Now I'm trying 2 get babies down as nap 
Had to cancel his daughter's first birthday due to illness 
Had to go into work thanks to ntl:telewest  going home now
Had 4 days off this week.. Lots of work pending 
Going out last nite was a bad idea. Had to get up early to move house semi drunk, haven't stopped all day and now i'm doin a 12hr night. 
Had to unfollow a few  so I could follow the new, can't wait till the 2000 limit is lifted!
just got home from #otafest... took all day, got there late though, so it felt like time went by quickly.  Had fun though. &lt;3
Had a fun and busy weekend. Now it is back to the grind call work 
Had pretzels on the plane for dinner about 3hrs ago  my punishment for binge eating on the cruise :p
Had a call at 11h30 that she had to take  why the guys shows up when the party's over ?!?!
Watching K U W/ the kardashians. Had to postpone my work out for precautionary reasons 
Had no birthday wishes on myspace.  Where's the love I ask you?!?
Had bust his knee and had to go to work.  it's swollen and can't walk but I'll struggle thru. Lol
Had a great weekend and now to clean up the garden. And I've run out of smokes 
Had a really scary nightmare and couldn't go back to sleep. 
Had a great weekend, but here i am once again sat at work. 
is in college. Had no internet at home for like a week and still won't have it for a few days 
Had an awesome weekend!  Now back to reality 
Had a mini panic attack a second ago. Trying to relax but failing. 
Had a nightmare about zombies last night 
Had to keep seth home from school...sick little boy...poor baby 
Had some crazy nightmares last night 
@MrsNewlywed Had one of those before...I feel your pain! 
Had to take a sick day 
Had one crazy weekend... Now i'm almost to tired to work. This is going to be one long day. 
Had a tiring weekend  could not even get enough rest  but still hoping to have good time ahead 
Had to take a sick day  it's crazy because I'll start missing the office by mid afternoon!
.... Had a waking nightmare.  Not good
Had a terrible panic attack driving home last night - in hospital till 4am then back up to the doctors at 10:30am.... Now back at work 
Had some elaborate dreams last night... back to the books again though, can't spend all day in bed 
Just came back. Had crazy bus ride with KAITING last bus ride together!! 
Had about 7 nightmares last night. 
Had a great night last night, but I am very tired now 
Had no idea there would be a wait at the tanning bed at 8 am! 
Had a really fucked up dream 'bout a zombie outbreak while i was @ co op. I wasn't very good at saving children 
@xlad I'm sorry! Had 2 nights with little sleep so i was shattered last night 
@pennydog can't deal with the heat!  Had a home-made muller rice!
On cup #2. Had to brew a new batch.  I made it really strong, haha.
@jennipps Oh, true, it could be very depressing.    I used to get queasy transcribing the fishing injuries. Had to take a lot of breaks
Had to have an injection 
@jchiarelli No love from the command line unfortunately.  Had to end up restarting. 
Had a really good vegetarian pizza tonight... Though I feel a bit sick 
Is sick  Had a migraine and had to be sent home from school. Just had a 2 hour nap. I feel betterish
End of another long ass day. Completely out of the apartment now. This all feels strange. Had dinner &amp; said bye to the Laulo's tonight. 
Had to flush the goldfish...It felt so wrong 
Had a car accident today - not very happy at all 
Yay!!! I finally have a computer again! Had to get a new one  damn crashing laptop.
Had to cancel wow for now 
Had a good day till he twisted his ankle on his two mile run 
Had to fix bike chain on the way to work...arrived a filthy, bloody mess   lovely weather though!
Just woke up &amp; can't go back to sleep. Had a txt from the bff sayin if you're up call me, sounds important but that was 4 hours ago 
Had a crazy night, lost keys, walked home, missed my papi's calls from the swizzy.    I'm sad
Had nicotine replacement patch on for 4 hours. So far, so good, but I did sleep for most of those 4 hours. Getting a bit twitchy now 
Had to come in, was baking out there and have slight headache now 
I've got sunburnt knees... it's funny now, but I bet they'll sting later   Had a fab day though  x
Had to take my bad ass dog to the pet hotel....so sad 
Had drums, but they where made up of other peoples sets, so, had to give them all back 
Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
has bronchitis and is on 3 prescriptions. No fun at all. Had to miss two days in a row of work. 
@ClipperPrincess No I haven't made my page yet.  Had to work 
Had lunch at a Japanese sushi restaurant &amp; I ordered in Japanese as I usually do in sushi places. Cambodian waitress didn't have a clue 
Had to spend lunch murderin hits  
Had a nice visit last night from a boy with voracious stubble, does anyone know what to do about a raw chin? haha 
Had a great day...but slightly depressed.  I don't know what I am going to do.
Just had a horrible experience with a dentist.  Had a crown made that doesn't fit right and they won't fix it or give back the money. 
@southbel took my computer in for a new dvd drive &amp; screen wouldn't come back on  Had to order new computer &amp; wait...
Had fun swimming. But is super depressed. And not sure why. 
Had one of those dreams and when you wake up you realise it was a dream  and are sad the dream could never be true. I feel kinda sick now 
Nothing I eat agrees with me. I ate pizza earlier, had the shits. Had pizza again, feels like I gotta puke!! 
Had fun watchin my mom break boards at the park 2day..an im hella fried..i need some aloe vera! 
Had the worst night ever. 
Had a terrible day  why can't things go right for once? :'(
Had a painful experience at 10:17 
Had to wash the dishes 
Had a good time with @R0DRiGUEZBBY even though it was short 
Had my phone in my had and my arm twiched and I hit my face with my phone lol 
@carole29 I forgot my mug today.. Had to use styrofoam.   http://twitpic.com/68s28
Had a horrible night, too hot couldn't sleep, even on top of the duvet 
@WhippetOut  tried rock climbing and failed the hard course. Had to switch to the intermediate one 
morning Tweeties all.  Had a rough nite - am into first cup of coffee ...beautiful day out there. Seems we are in 4 a scorcher. I hurt 
Had some really weird dreams.....now I can't sleep  
Had so much fun at my grad party and sad its all over 
Had a horrible bad dream and can't shake the feeling 
@biglittlemelody I love that. Had it with the 1stborn, missed it in the 2nd as I had an anterior placenta, which minimised movt sensation 
Had to beat a kid in round one. 
Had a great time catching up with fara and the siols! I'm going to miss them.  - http://tweet.sg
 Had to take comp inside as the baterry died...sadface
Had a nice hour in the sun. But my hay fever is bugging me now 
Had to close my blind cos its too nice out 
I'm awake. Had a very depressing dream  .. getting ready for work now. Feels like it's gonna be &quot;one of those days&quot; :'(
Had a lovely best friend night..now all I want is him  ugh.
Had the scariest moment of my life today. 
Had an amazing dream and is now disappointed it is not real.  and my hair looks like marie antoinette's wig right now.
At work. Had my day shortened.    I needed those hours!
At band practice. Had 3 cords screw up so far  http://myloc.me/26jT
Had a good night planned with ben and now its not going to happen 
Had worst night at work last night, worked 3 hours past shift thanks to asshole manager, phone died and locked out of store with no ride. 
@Jenniewrenbird  Had to come in about 7 though, the midges were starting to bite 
To be honest i couldnt give a flying fuck-a-roo who wins britains got talent. Had a nice day,pissed off now tho  FUCKS SAAAAAAKE!!!
Had to go and get beer,  it will cradle me throughout the night until I sleepy, also got some nail scissors for 97p, be the better man!!
Had an authentic southern style breakfast this morning  i still feel sick.  waiting at the airport for my flight back to new york. uhg
Had sonic again.  need to break this habit of going out and buying sonic every time.
@rtkeeler I won't make it (even though I paid). Had to go to a bday party. 
Workout was good! Had to stop early 
Had to stay home tonight 
@lollingtons I'm with you. Had a jelly babies incident earlier. Neither big nor clever 
Had dinner of penne carbonara on rosemary pizza breadbowl and spicy chicken buffalo wings.That was just way too much!! It has to stop!!!! 
Leaving the best place for shopping  . Had fun today though . love love love the city .
Had a great time skating to beach to meet some friends I don't know that well... It was nice., just sometimes think I give too much info. 
Just got up. Had a headache this morning...  feel much better now that i've had another sleep
Had so much fun at sean's! But spent all day in bed with a migraine, it sucked 
Had a good day at the zoo.... But lost a koala 
Had an old man wish death upon tommy and/or me 
Had a great day, but bad night.... thinking too much 
Had a crappy day   If my husband ever makes it home this weekend, my mood will get better~feelin' a little lonely!
Had no idea the 97 bus stopped running at 10:30, and got stuck at howard station in chicago 
Had a pooey day, and now a pooey night.   I'm ready for this month to be over.
@xXFriendXx Had ice cream last nigh, but we're out now and I want some, tooooooo. 
Had a bad day 
@dolfin4hid The food was great, but they lit cigars during dinner &amp; I became sick to my stomach. Had to leave quickly...just n time. 
@NovaWildstar Nothing to do with the night out, unfortunately. Had a headache for 3 days now 
Had a better than expected day, but now a little bummed 
Had a great bike ride yesterday, was looking forward to another one today; instead I woke up with a cold 
@kavisolo I know!  it was so fantastic. Had a great time (sorry 
Had to surrender my long-time, trusty pocket knife at the airport 
Had a lovely day in the sun yesterday. It's left me with a splitting headache though 
@missjmar omg it IS freaking gorgeous! Had sooo much fun, wish I remembered to take a picture of that beautiful waterfall 
Had argument with wife.. my life is fail 
Had the best dream ever ! well actually the worst  jesse mccartney loved me but said it would ruin wot we had ! then i woke up. it sucked.
Had a dream that @alextrafford and I had a massive fight 
Just got up. Had an awful dream. 
Had been helping @richspa to varnish his dining chairs outside in the glorious sunshine  but have to go soon 
hates getting woken up at 5am with work, staying up to workers, and then not having the workers call me back...Had to give up two jobs... 
On as Paddygt.  Had a go today but failed as I didn't really know what I was doing  was a multi question one....
Just woke up .. Had a scary dream :'(  @Jinsing  was in it. 
Had too much edinburgh rock 
couldn't sleep ..so tired!! Had to force myself out of bed cause I was that uncomfortable 
Had a dream about a walk in fast food resturaunt that sold ice cream and guitar strings.They were sold out of 12gauge 
Had the weirdest dream and just had the best breakfast. I wish I wasn't so indecisive about things 
Had to come inside cos I'm burnt and red! 
Had to come in because tummy rash 
@rocksolidhair I am! Although it's warm.  Had to take it out the fridge so shopping would fit!
Had a wonderful weekend and is super sad its almost over 
Had to dump my honey lavender ice cream back in Missuola. 
Had to call 311 this morning to help a poor baby seal that was stranded near the pier!   http://twitpic.com/6cby1
Leaving Leeds now, I'm a reet mardy bum!  Had a great weekend but as ever it's never long enough!
Had planned to start studying again at 7....its now 7.03....Urrgghhh! I hate it!!  
Had the best weekend ever, full of barbecue+badminton+sunshine...better crack on with some revision now though to balance out the fun 
Had a crappy night last night...and now I really don't feel like going to work 
Had lovely week off &amp; weather still gr8 2day - work 2morrow 
Had fun with water guns and had lots of burgers feel fat 
Had to clean out my bank account for rent today. I only have $25 now 
Had a blast  @BuddhaBelly09 's baby shower!  Feels like crap because I had to leave early to come to work 
Had a dream last night about my prom dress not getting here in time for prom and I had to miss it all together  !!!
I can't believe it's 10pm. It's been such a good day but now it's over, and I have a migraine coming  Had this stinking head for a week.
Had a terrible dream last night  I blame my little friend. She told me to dream about a boy, and I did but he was an ass hole to me!! 
Had so many meetings today,..  ........after lastweek.   
Had to rescue grad  balloons from the neighborhood kids - little brats were letting them go one a time.. saved the 9 but the 0 is lost 
@carolmwagner Awww thanks! I appreciate it. Just been in a weird slump all weekend. Had a bunch of great plans &amp; all got cancelled 
vacation is O V E R  Had a great time!!! Now back to work!!!
Home finally, Had the last meeting of the team and now the retreat is really over   
Had to part with the hubby. Prayfully this will pay off when its over. 
Had a fabulous weekend...I wish it didn't have to end 
@MissRed187 sorry about this weekend. Had issues with boo's dad. And I'm sorry about your ankle 
Had the best day ever at coney island but the worst hot dog ever at nathan's...seriously...gross 
Had a great time today @ the show! didnt get to meet him tho  next concert july 20th!!
Had a blast hanging with good friends! However, my right leg is killing me.  
Had to work today  but had a great service this am
turns out I have an infection, no swine flu! Had to get a jab in the butt though and have to have another tomorrow. 
Finally back home. Had a great time with the family but I always feel tired after the two-hour drive back. Now I need to start packing.. 
Had the longest day.. And my body is exhausted  
@DerekBerry hey! I checked out debonair. So good! The djs were hot!! Had to leave because real life and 9 am meetings called 
Had no sleep at all, sooo tired and dont want to go to work 
Had an awesome weekend, but unfortunately most great things have negative side effects. Have to pull an all-nighter to do an 8-page essay 
Had a relatively nice wkend, sunshine, whiskey, a new dress, icecream, sunburn, slushies...but got sunburn  boo!x
Had a lovely b'day yesterday, but is gutted she can,t watch the mtv movie award clipscos i am in uk 
Had a great wkend but back to being cooped up in the office all day whilst looking out at the sun 
Had great weekend packing again now for move into new office tomorrow 
Had to create new flickr account so I lost my friends and contacts  http://www.flickr.com/photos/davidboag/
Had a wonderful time... But misses her already. 
@Orchidflower think I'll have to do that. Had it in right arm all last year, nearly gone but left just useless, no strength at all. 
Had a nice weekend camping at folly farm. Now back to the norm at work 
 RMPS exam today - t'will be rubbish I presume. Had a fabby weekend shopping with zoe, 16 mile walk in 4 hr 20 and family dooo XD
Had a wonderful bday weekend, but now has to go back to reality and get ready for media 
Had a hard time sleeping because I felt like something was gonna happen. Why am I always right? 
Had a dream about @djknucklehead and @iamjonathancook Then i woke up 
Had 5 calls from ppl who promised to help out tonite cancelling, so pissed off, more hard work for me 
Had to get seth ready for school, now i can't go back to sleep, i'm to awake  dang
Had a bunch of hacks for partners yesterday 
Weekend was so so... hate it when it is windy and chilly hard to get anything done. Had bad feeling... read this morning a plane crashed 
@countingcrows wish i'd got tickets to brixton. Had to miss brighton on sunday, apparently you were ace 
Had a swarm off bee's going over her garden today 
Had a fuckin splittin headache! 
Had my cute gypsy earrings on but they were bothering me  had to take em out.
what w/e over already! Had a leak down there  emergency plumbing required,
Had the longest walk home from school EVER! 
Had the very sobering realization a couple of weeks ago that getting permission to use music in an indie film costs shite tons of money 
Had chips &amp; queso and tacos for dinner yesterday ..woke up feeling guilty today 
Had a dream all my teeth were falling out  not good.
Had a dream that I woke up and the man on the radio said it was going to get to 32 today. I just found out that it was a dream. 
Had the worst dream ever last night 
Had a good afternoon nap, woke up with a banging headache tho 
Why is it when things are just going ok, something has to ruin everything? Had surgery delayed for another 4 weeks. Am gutted 
@accordingtonina It's probably best that you go that route. I have been procrastinating way too much today.  Had to give up cards tix too 
Had a piece of caramel today. Going to work now til 10pm. No food til then.. 
Had to get rid of my buddy...    That's 2 dogs gone in a week.     http://mypict.me/2iRF
Had the worst fucking day 
Late night at the office - Had a priority project come up at work and I ended up missing all the E3 stuff from this aft 
Had a good supper of chicken stir fry, a small dish of low fat coleslaw. Had too many tastes of the sloppy joe mix I made   will do better
Had a math exam and a tech exam today !!  but the weather was wikid and I enjoyed riding in it this afternoon !! 
Just poured myself a glass of wine....then I remembered that alcohol is not allowed on this program!!    Had to give it to my hubby!
Had a great dinner w/ family~hubby leaving tomorrow for 6 days  I'm missing him already 
Had a boring day, and witnessed a thrush being murdered! 
Had a bad dream and it was about school! 
Wow, neighbors got smart fast!  Had to use computer at the library.  
Had a really nice walk, its way to beautiful outside to be inside but I have to finish a few things before it gets too late...so in I go 
Had to give up the computer for today. 
Watching the hills finale!! Missed it last night!! I'm gonna miss the hills!!   Had an awesome day!! 2 1/2 days left of school!! Yay! 
Had problems with my eyes all day. This sux! 
Had a pretty suckey day.    
Had an amazing workout, but there is nothing I hate more than running 
Had a rough weekend got a ticket   so i am kinda sad...
Had so much fun tonight with my friends!!! I miss them when I'm down at college.  At least we have a whole summer to make up for it!! YAY!
Had one of the worst starts of the day. 
Had to perform emergency accupuncture at 4am.... 
Had a terrible headache tonight. 
http://twitpic.com/6gb74 - @mandalynn17 Had to adjust the color tons to be true to the dress 'cuz my webcam's crappy. 
In work - with tonsilitis! Had to come in, boo 
Had a great night up experiencing minor hiccup in great plans and not enjoying it. 
Had a rather long sleep i guess, but my eyes still feel tired 
Had the most rotten dream last night. Really tired but don't want to go to sleep again incase it comes back 
Had a 2 day work week this week and next week is only 1 work day for me! Too bad I have an exam to study for 
Had fun talking to @alianaflo15 ! Daymn. I miss 1-1. 
@nejsnave last time I was there I couldn't get in the vatican b/c I was wearing shorts  Had to buy the worst cheap long pants in the world
Had to pluck a tick off my puppy's head this morning. poor bb 
@3dogMcNeill Had dog who thought the only way to escape a Tstorm at night was to dig a hole to china through my pillow w my head on it. 
Had to cut my run to one mile last night.  9:04 for a mile is slower than what I've been doing but better than nothing. 
Should have went home last night, now i'm at work with no jacket and freezing.  lol oh well. Had an amazing night. =D
Had more wheat lodge in last nights storms.  Probrably 25% of my crop is now on the ground 
Having issues with the new specs.  I'm one of the few people who can apparently see prisms in the lens coating. Had forgotten about that 
Had more wheat lodge in last nights storms.  Probrably 25% of my crop is now on the ground  (via @FarmerHaley)
@turtlegirl904 I just realized u prob meant this am... No internet or phones when I came in. Had to take care of that.  still no internets
Had to put on my &quot;business&quot; clothes to run by the bank. I'm hoping i'm done in time to change, if not I am wearing these all day!  
Had an  awesome day! |    It hurts-- &quot; you're a wholedaughter&quot; .. 
Had 17 deliveries today quite a lot of replenishment 
Had a lovely evening, but I wish I could sleeeeppp so that getting up at 8am won't be any worse than it needs to be 
@nmckean hehe! Had a baby monkey on my shoulders yesterday. It was the cutesy teeny thing ever! Last full day tomorrow thou 
@kelcouch I'm good....last night was a bit rough. Had another bad comment on my blog but that's going to happen 
Had fun at the pool but don't know what to do now 
Had a horrible day and to top it off just took a swig of spoiled milk  gawd! I hope my day is better tomorrow!
Had lunch...knitted a few rows of my sock....better get back to study 
Had the best day ever...too bad it has to end 
Had the workout of a life time...but overall pissed cause I couldn't get my game today 
Had like 5 hours of piano last night so i didnt get Rachaels book done 
Long day with an assorted bouquet of stressors! Had to erase my hard drive and tomorrow I get to start over! 
@crimsonx76 I heard...too bad I missed him.  Had I known, I would've set it just for him. &lt;3
Had forgotton how much of a pain in the backside it is when ur car goes tech  blasted busses!!
@andychisholm Gutted I couldn't come last night. Had homework to do for today 
Had sleep, settled back into the flat and ignoring the fact the rat race starts tomorrow. 
Had to park a million miles from work 
Had to rebook my flight  leaving about 3 days earlier now.
Had choir rehearsal this afternoon. i'm pooped 
Had to play with myself all night  lol
Had my eyes tested: going to develop double vision as I get older due to muscle imbalance. 
Home from the 2nd to the last day of review  So sad, that thought! Had a very good conversation/chillage w @imnothunder @GABREEZYY
@lleroj nothing much. Had a dinner party tonight and now can't sleep 
Had to cancel studio today  bk in nxt week tho. Yizzer
Only been up for like an hour, even although i planned to get up at 9! Had a weird dream...never found out how i escaped though 
I'm sitting here at work trying to look as if I'm not sleeping, when I actually am. Had a hard time sleeping last night.. not my fault 
Being up at 6:30 should be illegal.  Had some few setbacks yesterday but I hope we can finish the shed today.
Had to go home sick from pip day  intense fever is taking over!
@garethness you weren't wrong about the weather! Had to make a trip to primark to buy more suitable clothing- it was sunny at home 
Had Shakeys for dinner. I feel sorry for the delivery man. It was raining so hard when he arrived. 
Had a pretty good day today, but missing @EveMayBoi very muchly  iloooveyoouBABE! xo
Had the best dream in ever last night. It took me about five minutes to realize that it wasn't real though. 
@loweryc That sounds good.  Had buttered rice with cinnamon and dutch apple pie.  Not healthy at all 
Had to leave #fowa speed networking early far too hot even with an ice cold beer! 
Had to turn down the power on my laptop...and the resulting dark screen has shown me how dirty my screen actually is!! 
Had two puffs of a cigarette 
Had a really long hard day. 
Had the job until she said I had to commit for 3 or more years...back to the drawing board! 
Todays a good day..and its just gonna keep getting betterr. Had a 2 period game show assembly which i lost my voice at  oh well !
AHH..Had the best cardio workout..but ate too soon after and now my tummy is all messed up 
Finally got that thing in here. Had to take off our door! And some of our base boards are dented now  lol
Had to put my kitty to sleep yesterday... was a tough thing to have to do 
Had the worse dream ever 
Lunch was great. Had lamb with veggies and white wine. For dessert we had vanilla and honey ice cream. I can't believe I am back at work 
Had a great audience in for tonights show. What wasn't so good was the rain on the way home 
@charlotte_anne awww I feel you. I was there when i was 16. Had all four removed. 
Man that damn tummy big infected me. Had to come home cause i was t sick!  Lol.
Had to fix tail light during trip   At least it was quick!
just got home. Had to pay for my own ticket, bleh. Ah, well. More disappointed about not getting anything from my parents. 
Had to forfeit a game of kick the can. Shoot 
Had alot of fun at dinner. A lil bit of drama, sorry @hnsmith18 
Had the yummiest mcnuggets! MMm.feeling real guilty about not wrkn out 4 almost a mth now 
A missed opportunity - an evening by myself. Had girls all day, so now too tired to do anything with it.  So sleepy...
Had so much fun tonight except for the sucky service at supper 
Had upsetting dreams:a friend getting punched, one getting sick,lots of pple crying &amp; simon pegg passing out from exhaustion. 
Had a shower,having breakfast and then going to study...cloudy day 
Society will NEVER change. Had sum1 spray paint dyke n faggot on my car n break my bak windows. So fukd up, neva did anythin 2 anyone 
@kirstyt Been there. Had some left in a box for a year  after a serious storm. You can save some negs with care. The prints, sadly not. 
Had a awful day, found my wee man unconcious  fever got too high, never want to be in a ambulance again, love u jakey 
@GeoffDicks Morning! Had pleasant dream's, then had 2 wake up.  what's your plans 2day?? 
Had a sketchy mix tonight  need a lot more practice..and music..oh and a new labtop would help too :/..tomorrow is a new day..motivate!!!!
G'Morning, twitter bugs. Had 11 hours of sleep and is still tired. 
Had to leave my camera in the cloakro because it had a 'long lens' 
Had a horrifying nightmare. Now I really can't sleep! 
Had 2 glasses of wine last night and woke up with a pukey hangover  but this lovely scottish air is chasing it away yay! V excited fo ...
Had hardly any rain last night, despite forecast, so being doing last night's watering this morning. 
@chrisilluminati Ended up not seeing it. Had to be back home cause babysitter (my parents) could only watch kids till 10. 
Had to go into work 2 hours early and open  what a great start!
@johnwinsthegold No the headach is bad today  Had 4 myprodol already - going to take another 2 at 16h00
Had a dream about what kind of marinade I should do for the wings... I'm going zesty/ tangy! Sadly it's for a going away party 
Feeling really sick  Had to go to the doctor today. Everyone seems to be having such a great day and I'm not 
Had a fun time at graduations last night. Out at church today for more work. Last weekend at southland 
Had a horrrrible night after all the fun.   http://myloc.me/2NCr
Had a great bonfire last night @ http://tinyurl.com/qllum4, now at work 
Had a great night...my head hurts 
Had to leave my princess home for a couple hours while I go to work. 
Had 22km ride today.. Too cold 
Had a shot at playing go (I couldn't say had a go *pun shudder*) and was thrashed...the manga makes it look, well not easy, but do-able 
Had a awful dream lastnight. It was a nightmare. 
Had a good time #pcampatl thanks for organizing @jbrett - had to leave early 
Had this song on repeat since 7am. Its givin me a headache tho. But I dnt wanna change itttt 
Ughhh. Had to do two corrections for that last tweet 
Had a ball last nite - bit sad as well out with all the people who got made redundant 
Had to leave church because I started crying and hyperventilating during the song I was supposed to sing...and I feel awful for leaving 
Had a great start to the weekend but now I feel really sick 
http://twitpic.com/6rukb - Had to take it off 
http://twitpic.com/6rutq - Had to take it off 
Had to work later than I was supposed to cuz ppl came when the desk closed, to sign up for memberships. 
Had a great time at the game! But they lost 
Long nasty day... did get to drive stormy!! YES!! Had a slip and feel bad about that!! 
Had suuuuch a good time with the girliess!    ,, but cannot stop thinking about him...    
My foot is still itching and hurting  Had the most amazing night though.
@kuttyedathi i know but i had no option.. Had to get up. 
Had my tattoo removal today and in so much pain 
@carpesomediem wish I could lay in bed but it's covered in art supplies. Had to put them there since my paint container was at the bottom 
Had sundried tomatoes and snowpeas in salsa for dinner with feta! Now having yogurt andgoig sleepy since michael is gone. 
Had to eat meat just now 
Had to have a soft pretzel for dinner...ugh  wish I could've had real food.
Had to get garage door fixed spring broke. $195 to have both springs replaced. 
Had to have a root canal today   But that's not going to get me down...gonna go woop it up and find some trouble with the girls tonight!
Not looking forward to being a bachelor for the next week and a half. Had to promise that the dog would still be here when they get back. 
Had to delete the kristenstewart9 messages because that account no longer exists and her replies weren't there anymore 
Had alot of fun at my best friend's brother's graduation party. too bad i left early. 
@Motleysfamily lol, I had just read it.  Had to go back and find it again, so I didn't win 
finally...sleeping in my bed, I REALLY don't want to go back to work tomorrow   Had a great past 2 days, even with the hangover this morni
Just finished work. Had plans to go stanley park but its rainin 
Had fun. A little bummed out coz I didn't do much shopping 
Had a good day. But thinkin of you brought back old feelings  I miss you and our friendship *tears*
@RReedPC Had such wild white frosts the other day, think I've lost my banana palms - decidedly brown where there used to be green.... 
Had to leave  Didnt get to give this photographer guy my # LOL just when I'm leaving he comes down from the stage. It's ok, I'll find him
Had to spend the $2 bill in my wallet on the bridge toll 
Had to change phones   i'm not using an iphone anymore... I dont know how some of you can text without a keyboard
Had craftime with @reading_angel, but unfortunate lack of @jenn_is   But I made a dandy little book--yay for excursions into bookbinding!
laying in bed. Had about 2 hours sleep  i'm jiggered
I'll miss a couple people I won't see anymore.  Had lunch with my two favorite aunts plus grandma, then came home and napped for 2 hours.
Had a great night last night, on my way to work now unfortunatly 
Had a good night! Is itchy 
Had a call from a really nice guy with a room to rent.  He's not taking couples.  Only wants 3 people total in the house. 
Had enough of work   I wanna go out where my boys?
Had such a good night at ambers party! Feeling crap today though  can't wait to see my little girl!!! X
Had such a weird dream, it made me kind of sad as well 
Had someone hack into my computer 2day!They started to download my files when I logged in2 the net! Bastards! disconnected &amp; stopped them 
Had smoked salmon &amp; rocket penne for dinner, unfortunately didn't taste as good as it sounds 
Mental alarm clock went off at 8 this morning. Had a late night and just want to sleep 
Had a rough night. No circulation in my legs  Had to get up and walk in the middle of the night. At least baby is happily kicking me!
Had to get up eairler than normal because there's no starbucks on the way to northstar 
Had bad dreams last night! 
Had a dream that I was a camper at some wilderness camp where we had to shave our heads and I wasn't allowed to be vegetarian. 
Had hotish shower, still feeling chilly, think I may need hot drink to warm me up.  don't like bring cold, hope the mk lot had fun!
Had way too much ouzo last night at the toga party and fell at the beach! im cut and bruised  &amp; had tooo much fun 
Had to reinstall/repatch WoW for the second time this weekend due to a crash that corrupts the game texture files 
Had to get up early today to vote and then work all afternoon. 
Had dinner my evening plans now consist of fuck all 
Had a hair-cut, it really pained to slaughter my shouldr length tresses 
Just woke up. I feel very nostalgic for something, but i dont know what. Had a dream about aaron last night. Mmeehhh 
Had me tea, getting a bit sick of doing everyone elses washing up today though 
@MartySmithESPN I feel your pain, I picked him too. Had the fastest car in practice. 
@kevin_hoare Had you not read them then......sorry 
At work  Had a TropicalNight! 
Had to leave my baby in reading 
Had so much fun last night. It is a night to remember.  So tired now though. 
Had a pretty crap day @ work 2day 
Had a great time at the party.  At work now. 
Had to swim in a pool at the gym with an old dude In a speedo.  Rlly nasty.
And I'm back home ... Had an awsome time with my girlies. To the ones who didn't make (u know who you are) u were missed 
Had a great vacation in arizona and really dont want to go home 
Had chipotle for lunch... better start studying for my final at 10am tomo 
Had to take my little brother to the emergency room 
Had a dream last night my friends &amp; I went to high school musical prom but nobody asked me2 dance cus all the cute boys thought I was fug 
Oh man!! Had a go at touch footy with da boyz this morning to find out my foot is still messed up!!! I freaking hate injuries   hehe
@mafer_1up missed you too ! Had a really bad day. it sucked like hell on a stick. 
Had a nice convo with my cuz phillip, I miss him 
Had a great weekend...and now exhausted! Last day of school tomorrow 
Had a great time at the cottage but am now resenting going to work.  I hate my job 
My car's brakes are broken.  Had to put it in the shop tonight. 
Had an excrutiating night 
Had a huge fight with my guy on friday....feeling sad 
Had to force quit on the editor...   When I start moving quick it decides to slow down.  hmmm... Figures-
Had far too much wine, which has lost me a chunk of the day 
Had community service today, pretty gay ayhe and tomorrow my arse of a friend ryo is joining me 
Had soooo much fun at the game today! @TamplainYoFACE sorry I broke your finger lou lou 
Morning. Where did the weekend go?!  Had better get ready for another day of boredom!
Had a good sleep but still down about 10hrs 4 this weekend so thats why im yawning then! finished all my home brew 
Had a real upsetting dream that I'm trying to get out of my head 
back from camp! Had loads of fun! starting to miss the girls now 
Had such a peacefull sleep and woken to be told I needed to go to perth. 
@preityzinta  I am sad too... Had high hopes from the team...
Had to run out at 4am to find medicine... Eeh  
Hasn't been on for ages, shit time last week, hubby had a fire in his workshop, so lucky, could have lost it all   Had good wkend though
No hot water! Had to have a wash at the sink in cold water  certainly woke me up!
@gleniboy morning chief. Nothing much man, the usual monday morning work blues   Had good w/end, hopeful of flat sale soon... what bout u?
Hardly slept yesterday, just about 2 hrs in the morning.. Had to format my comp and install xp again.. 
Had to pass on spin class today...still sick.  
Had bad dreams last night 
Had such a realistic dream last night and I loved it...ugh can I go back? 
Had forgot how miserable having really bad hayfever was. 
Had a dream that I worked for @MarthaStewart last night...she DID NOT like me. 
Had a good weekend with the family...I hate Mondays 
Had my 1st experience of pupils pursuing me around a shopping centre.it was weird and more importantly i didnt buy what i set out for 
Had a rather unproductive day at school - everyone is planning for next year and I won't be there! 
Had an awsome weekend !!! Now bored at work! 
Had the worse sleep ever last night 
Had a piece of bacon for breakfast. 
Had a nice bbq but had to come inside because my hayfever is so bad 
Had a very discouraging round of golf this morning.  I really want to enjoy this hobby...
booooorrrrrring day at work  ugh. Had a great lunch thanks to @nursamore though!
Had a scare last night, i'll never forget it. 
Had my mothly shave. I hate right after, chin all scratchy. 
Had to train someone at 8:30am after getting 3 hours of sleep  But had an awesome time last night hanging with @brokenepiphany baha.
Had bad a bad dream where i couldn't contact @JarZ 
Had an awesome day. Now it is off to work ughghgh 
Had dinner in Delfino. Almost nothing vegan there, pizza contains milk, cooked vegetables contain butter  Had fries and an enormous salad.
Had a good first day at work.  Not looking forward to the storm thats supposedly headed my way. 
My bf just came home &amp; informed me that he got laid off. Had 2 tell him grandpa died  2day isn't very good..But, I know it could be worse.
Had a long day at work  glad I have tomorrow off.
Had a customer tell me that I was &quot;unpleasant&quot; and that she's going to complain to my boss 
Had to turn down an article assignment due to schedule.  But new big project needs to remain priority.
@bbhollogramz it was a mad man ting @mesodke told us all these stories bout the so called 'hood' smh. Had me quiverin' n shit. 
Finally home.. Had fun in vegas but was starting to get home sick  ... Thanks for good times @gonzales_05 @lydiaatthedisco
I'm recovering from a 3 mile run. Had to stop 3 times too, man i'm fat and out of shape 
Had to throw out the cakes.  yeah kinda scared.
Had dinner at chevys then dropped off my cousin at the airport. I'm sad.  
Had a long day at work, tomorrow will probably be the same.  
About to work on my fitness!!! Had to go back to work tonight!  hope u feel better miss danielle being sick is not fun!!!! 
Had the crappest day eva 2dayyy! 
Had to walk home in the rain  But on the plus side, had a garlic naan !
Morning, folks. Had a very crap night last night 
Had so much fun trying out dresses! But I still can't decide which to get 
It just took me 10 minutes to do a svn check in.  Svn update failed and locked the file system. Had to svn update, clean up and commit 
Had to check that I wasn't dreaming when I woke up to turn the tv off last night and saw the tribe had lost the 5 run lead they had.  
Had a few issues syncing up twilight rifftrax to the movie 
Had tonsils art last nyt.......Just got bk from hospital n in hell of alot of pain 
Had a very rough night and I feel like absolute shit today on my b-day, this sucks!! I wish I could stay home!! 
@UXlondon I'm disappointed that the workshops are being re-run. Had I known that, I would've attended for sure. 
Had another nightmare, again. And this time i have no one to comfort me... 
Had to restart my computer 10 times today 
My morning meeting board is a disaster... started the day with a new marker too  Had so much potential.
@Jameszy Had me exam and loaaaads of work  Hows it going?!
Had to take a break. One of those video's was so incredibly disturbing; made me feel this is all hopeless. 
@PoetressFloetic Nothing much! Hadn't seen you in awhile. 
Had to turn around and walk home because my flip flop broke! 
Just got followed for 30 mins by huge scary dude from liverpool st. Had to run into 2 starbuckss and run round spitalfields to lose him 
Had a great evening and morning and is on my way to work...my desk is prob going to be crazy since I was out yesterday  I need a assistant
@karinb_za Had limited lunch funds and the cash machines weren't working! 
On break. Had my cafe misto (w sugar free caramel this mornin) now wantin a venti passion iced tea hahha . I'm sbux' best customer 
Liftn and some boxing. Had to stop though my knuckles are ready to bleed 
Had my first &quot;You've been blocked from following this account at request of the user&quot; 
Had a very weird dream and I'm glad I am awake now. 
Had my jab!  last 1 in 5 months time
Is wondering if his boys won the battle of the bands?  Had to work and couldn't go. 
heAd 2 beach b4 it rains. Hope the rain passes. Had bad storms last night while out playin. I got trenched! Had white pants on, not good 
Watching the dark knight. Had the worst dream 
Had the last dans-lesson from this year 
Had lunch with the supervisor...now back at work 
Had a great time with the boys last night. I miss them!! 
Had popeye's chicken for lunch and I swear there was more greese than chicken in there 
Had an unfortunate string of dead ends in #sharepoint dev projects yesterday and today. It's bringin' me down 
Had a fight with a good friend today, and now we are not talking.......   makes me very sad....
Had a fight with a good friend today, and now we are not talking.......  makes me very sad....
Had a very boring day today  x
Had the worst melt-down this house has prb ever seen. 9yo upset that he &quot;ruined&quot; dad's life by not going to work with him on his bday. 
Had a good day but is really nervous about tomorrow morning 
Had to tape her book back together 
@wepilates Thank you! Had a look this morning and what I want is out of stock  will check again soon!
Had the saddest day today going to the funeral of a tiny baby with a girl from work 
Had to leave the garden to make lunch. 
Had a good day, now its off to work. 
Had culmination practice today. In the sun 4 3 periods  then I got my robe and now I'm getting a hair cut!
Had to leave my exam after 20 mins because I felt like I was going to be sick. 
Had to unfollow some people guys.    I can't get flooded every time.
Had fun @ stoneridge. :p I wanted like 13 different things but I only got 4 
Had to put the little guy to bed.  who am I supposed to play with now?
Had stir fry for dinner...alone 
@theboomtube  Don't rub it in. Had some great dogs over the years... definately not the last one.
Had an awesome day,  &amp; also ; Why are sephora and forever21 taking so long to open  !
Had a wonderful time with the family but sad to see them go 
Had a huge fight with my dad 
@branli I've been in an out today. Had a long day at work 
Had to take the bb to urgent care...  the bb is doing better now
Just woke up... Had fallen asleep but now i have one sleeping arm and a neck a leg and a shoulder thats cramped 
Had a suprisingly effective day but have bad ray burn on my wrist 
munching away at some delicious smartie chocolate. Had too much 
&quot;Just another day that I.. Had the worst day of my life&quot; 
Had a good day until someone said something very rude... mean words can really alter your mood fast... 
Overslept. Had to skip breakfast to make sure I get into town on time 
Had hard time in gym this morning, after 3 weeks absence 
Had a great day today... Last day tomorrow 
Had to go to the store and get some more drugs for my tooth..this shit won't stop and I'm so sleepy 
So tired. Had a boring day at work, ochem grades were never posted, and I still have no xbox. 
Had some weird/strange dreams 
My head is spinning. Had a lie down for 2 hours, feels a bit better but not great. I'll be working late tonight to make this time up 
Had a skype session with @smpfilms and then i got the sads, because i miss being at his place! 
Had a horribly realistic dream last night, don't wanna go into details, but I hope &amp; pray it's not a premonition. 
going to bed after i clean the house   Had fun last night!
Had my daily caramel latte, off to subwayyy &amp; to see if i've somehow been paid a day early  lolll
Had a really sucky way to start of the morning and was scared that it was going to end that way 
I'm disturbed by the fact that many people are showing up in my &quot;following&quot; who I DID NOT follow.  Had to delete lots of unsavory folks! 
Had a terrible workout this morning - new instructor and now am off to an all day class. 
@Troyzee so bummed that I miss it  *shakes fist at uni*. Had a good night then?
Had been saving text messages for the last year (I have good reasons!) but this morning I awoke to a completely empty inbox 
At the toy store on this stupid rainy day  come and visit!! Had a great night last night!! &lt;3
Had a big argument with my sister this morning. Of course, we're talking on the phone now, but I still feel sad for the things I said  
Had a head ache all day 
Had a fail at work today.   Not an epic fail, though.
Had a crazy dream about my little brother woke up cryin  ughhh going back to sleep!
@boffbowsh I know when i get upset/really stressed I get nasty stys on my eyes  Had 3 in the past few weeks!
@karenwink cool. got two 2-tb wd drives.  Had a 500, critical crash, but think someone knocked it over.   lost everything.
Had my first round of morning sickness this morning.....not fun. 
Had a terrible day! It can't get worse than this! :X 
Had to put my dog down 
Had my 2 meals of egg whites today...not so tasty withoyt ketchup and microwaved  grapefruit and oatmeal was also on the menu...
@JasonBradbury takin bloody ages to download. Had two updates fail Crc checks so far 
Had to switch my brain to corporate design mode today. No fancy stuff 
Had 2 near death experiences in 2 hours.  x
@kristenbyers  No more dog  Had to give her up, she had to many &quot;issues&quot;   But I would take her if I still had her...
Had to get a shot in my shoulder joint this morning. It is hurting soooooo bad. Feels like.....well it just hurts!  
Ugh. Had to help sister with cakes and now I have to clean... It may just be a partial update. 
@sammi_jade yay can't wait hun! Had a laugh tonight shame you couldn't have sat with me  x
Had a good day. But I still have an exam tomorrow I should probs study for 
@cfsmtb I guess I'll be forking out for a set top box sometime soon then   Had to happen eventually I guess.
Had to spit into a tissue. It stuck to my tongue. 
Had a hard time sleeping last night 
Had such a great fun day with my buddddddy now driving home 
@bigjstl I upgraded in bed, sleepy eyed with two clicks. Had no issues, guess you were unlucky 
Had fun at the rehersal. Now to work a shift at my &quot;day job&quot;. 
My book will be out soon! Had to take my industrial out  Fuuuuuuuuuuuck
@PoorBritney I Had other pics i wanted to use but noooo the stupid twitter thought my photos were 2 big and kept denying em 
@ellyn_mei Would love a cheese bage right now. Had to be custard creams though due to lack of bages. 
Had to leave the kids...against my will  I already miss them
@chirokitsune We had that problem last night.  Had to bring in about 11 of our 25 people......needless to say - disaster ensued 
Light workout on the basketball court. Had an off game. 
What else will go wrong? Had to walk down 16 floors due to stupid firedrill before visiting the doctors' 
** Had the worst nightmare ever  can't sleep.
@jack_daniel Had the exact same car rental myself, recently. Absolutely terrible car 
Had a good 9 hrs of sleep, albeit too early, 9:30pm to 6;30am 
@JulesFletcher For over 6 ms., they thought I lived across the street. Had my modem not died, I would have had free internet for life. 
Had a leak that bursted through my ceiling in my kitchen....when it rains, it pours. 
Had a horrible night  i mean horrible .and morning  &lt;lovin'Leland&gt;
@Pookthy rain makes me sluggish too.  Had one sunny day all week  
Had to go to the resource fair last night... losts of great info, but didnt have what I really went   for..    
Had a l8 nite &amp; played hookie frm class. 
Had a good session at the gym.... but now what? 
Had a dire day,  my 3 year old was burnt with hot water and is now bandaged head to toe in bed  Hurts my heart to hear him cry in pain 
Had to get an injection today for holiday! 
Had a lovely nap!~ time to get ready for psych class 
http://twitpic.com/7qtfl - Had a lil accident wit my scooter yesterday. lol. The result was huge scratches on both me and my scooter 
Had soo much fun doing asian pageant but suuuper tired but gotta go to graduation supasadface 
Had plans but cancelled them because of the weather forcast. Now its sunny out and I'm sad cause I don't get to see my favorite ppl. 
Had a little break - time for some crazy hardcore bio now  sigh i can't wait for summer and freedom!
Had no plans all day  wasn't fun at all.
My camera is gone...sniff sniff  Had to send it in for repairs.
Had to downgrade the massage to standard hour after car repair bill  #fb
Had very very very bad storms and tornado watches last night and early this morning.... 
Had to turn A/C on today. No more open windows 
Had a nice time @ my brothers! But I've got a migraine 
@TreeinCally  Every girl loves presents!!!! Had a good day yesterday, just got up ready to go digging, weather looks shit though... 
Family study tonight...kids are watching TinkerBell and then bed.  Had to cancel service for tomorrow...work issues. 
Had a good day out with some awesome people, but one of them was much too far away to join us.  I MISS YOU, @hclaireb!!! &lt;3
@Sarahblac sorry I did not answer. Had roger myself to bed as I have got work today 
Had to take the mirror site offline for today. Biiig issues!! 
Had to return faulty copy of dead space 
Had a great night out last night, but now has the flu! 
@AthenaTheGreat Thanks for the followfriday! Had no replies to my emails about the premiere  I'm thinking that maybe there isn't one 
Had to get up at a ridiculous hour to straighten my sister's hair. Not cool 
@Karageorgakis oooooh come on again dude... Had to do it in like 2 days... did not have time to click next slide to open 
Had a blast tonight at the mark ultralounge, now for the lovely long drive home 
Just bought a new TV, 29&quot; for a reasonable price. Had my other one for 8 years til I turned it off last week and it never came back on 
Morning all! Had just 4 hours sleep, now I feel like crap 
@backlon, did you get my photo? Had to reset N97 
Had to say bye to my dad like 13 hours early!  today.today.today!
Had another sleepless night. We were up 4 times between 1 and 530  mommy's tired
So I was awaken by the house phone ringing continuously; which is why I'm up at 530am. Had to pick up my daggone bro! Now I'm wide awake 
Had my #fishfriday fish &amp; chips! It was jolly good *licks lips* Now to sit &amp; make an eating plan to eliminate certain things frm my diet 
Had a crappy night's sleep, a lot of weird nightmares, then woke up n a bad mood  just one of those days!!
Had a very stressful morning, and now my eye won't stop twitching 
Had a very strange dream last night...the husband had to work so there was no one to comfort me 
Had a fun day yesterday but last night sucked got sick eww   &lt;3 &amp; peace
Had a long day. I need to go shopping! But I don't have time at all 
Had a nice 30 minute dream last night.....blown I had to wake up 
Had to wake up at 5am for fishing.  I'm sleepy. 
@dashpr Did they sing &quot;If I Could&quot;?Had the song in my head 4 days.So depressed I missed it 
Finished my 3 week school placement  Had a great time, will miss everyone!
just tried to make a cake but found loads of weevils in the flour. Had to throw it all away - about 10 bags full inc. bread flour  
Finally got my twitteriffic working again!  Had to delete and reinstall it  loving the new iPhone os!!
feeling a wee bit better.  Had to pass on all the chocolate that was on offer at work the day though 
Had the army day today although tr zip wire got closed because of the wind  o well driving lesson now !
Anyone else having MediaBrowser stability problems? Had it crash twice in 3 or 4 minutes 
@nxc42 I will tonight. Had to take a tiny nap and now work 
Had to cover up my art. It's starting to sprinkle. 
Had a shit day tbh. Hopefully tomorrow will be better. Though work says it won't be. 
Had fun with the boy!!!... now to work 
Had to leave work early cuz I was blacking out. I really don't handle the heat well 
Had women's bikinis this morning, but now i have to look at a bunch of dudes. 
Had to miss band practice due to paiges sickness today 
Had to take my clit bar out altogether  scared of it healing in the next couple of days...though he said it would be fine
@GeekySteph not a bad day thanks. Had a lunchtime kip. It's too quiet at work though  you been upto much this evening then? xx
Had to take my cat into the  vet today, he couldn't urinate   vet's going to have him overnight...doh!
Had a nice time with my dad and litlle bother, they're just awsome. A shame we didn't get to celebrate midsummers day as we use to. 
@BulmaBriefs yes he is.  &lt;3  No take over of the world today.   Had a headache.
Had a hell of a day and dressed up for nothing 
Had a great vacation...  Gettting ready for the drive home 
Had to miss band practice today due to paiges sickness. 
Had thought that I had recovered from this flu that I had during the week, but woke up this morning and its bck 
Had to say goodbye to a lot of my friends today   i'm gonna miss them :'(
Had a great nap! @jenniferhiggs Wish u were here 
Had a bad day  staying home tonight...
Had not so gentle reminder of son's need for consistency in routine:  would not allow dad to put him to bed...major melt-down. 
@DaisyMeowCat &quot;Had one last weekend&quot; 
Had sum delicious Wendys about 30 mins ago n came home to find my mom just cooked. Had to stuff myself so she wouldn't feel bad  I'm sick
Had the most massive head ache this morning after my banana pancakes. Do you think it was the pancakes? 
@KMoodie: I was soooo tired. I just woke up  how you doin lover? Had a good day?
Had a cry with my momma @thelmarocks and stephanie 
Had fun woth the girls. goin home 
Night all. Had fun at @citystages! Not looking forward to an on call weekend.  #fb
Had to go and buy some extra socks mine are so so so wet 
Morning to my only few followers, Had to get a partime job due to lack of band work, this sucks  off to work I go....oh &amp; I hate the uk.
Had a bit of a rubbish sleep  been up since 7am. I feel an afternoon nap is on the cards later.
Had a fun day today... But why am i so sad right now? 
..guess i Had 2 lose something.  but damn, dog.. 
@leenta @Mrs_Banjer @inn0va Had a great day at the races but lost more money than i won  
Had a good telling off, thourougly deserved 
Had lovely day yesterday but back to reality today - work!!!!!! 
Had cheese on toast for breakfast for the first time in ages! Consequently feeling rather ill. 
hi every1  Had my prom last omg it was amazin  i loved it, guna miss ever1 when we leave love u all  Cnt belive its all ova x x
Had to doss out of a party though cause im not quite feeling well enough!  i was looking forward to it! :/
I need a wee. And food. And I wanna go see my ickle babies. Had a dream about them last night. Had 2of each&amp;one was evil 
Hadn't planned on devoting time to a headache today 
@chipmunkgeek actually it's 2hr til volleyball now we're playing a tournament tony's organizing. Had to call in jeff to sub for you 
Preparing for holidays. Had a look at local weather forecast... now looking for my hand gloves and raincoat 
Had a pretty nice luch, and the sun came out for a bit!    But now it's gone back in 
Had a terrible sleep again last, stress  now feel dazed as I managed to doze for 15 mins
Had the weirdest dream. Now...time for work. 
@rivastarr did he like her cooking in the end? Had to go out and missed it 
@Transmecharian still to play it. got it but not played it yet. Had other things to do 
@Saaamm has left now   Had an ace time yesterday though &lt;3
Had plans to build a deck today but it started raining right after I started...guess it's back to work on company business 
Had a baaaarrrrilllliant day/night yesterday, feeling a tad delicate today journey home was a killer 
Had a workout now i feel very sick 
Had fun last night. But only four hours of sleep  going to breanna's house soon  ;;alex(:
Had to cancel my run today, as I was too hungover, still am 
Had a good day + Starbucks, Then a rain had to come 
 Had to work today. 1 hour down, 6 to go.
Had the second football tournament in two weeks this morning, now minus a big toenail 
Had my 12th surgery yesterday. Had my gallbladder removed..sore as all get out and cant sleep  tomorrow has to be better...
Tired... wheee  Had a hard day with cleaning al those cages at the shelter! www.knaagdierencentrum.nl &lt; come and adopt a pretty bunny.
Had a great workout....now i''m @ work 
Had a reallly bad dream last night that all of my friends rejected me 
Had a great time at my cousin's wedding yesterday. Now back to the normal stuff....like laundry....lots of it   
The boat cruise was the s***. Had so much fun. 1 year old b-day party today then back to studying for mid terms 
Had a late night with my bestie, so exhausted she gets to sleep and I have to work  uggh i want my bed!!
Had sudden cravings for long john's cheese and fries 
Had been experiencing nausea since yesterday due to motion sickness 
Had a really bad day .. 
Had fun tonight, first hens night and I kinda liked it! Just watched the season finale of scrubs and cried now sleep before work tomorrow 
@racheljean1 We arent going. Had to sell the tickets so i had money for an exgirlfriends partial birth abortion..  
Had a real nice day, now something's made me happy&amp;sad  I miss you but I don't suppose it matters anymore...?
Had an upset stomach all evening... 
Had a birthday party to go to today....but she doesn't feel so hot.. 
Had a horrible leg cramp overnight 
Had a rough night with almost no sleep - bloody neighbours partied until 6 am or so!   
Going back to camp ground Had to work this morning 
Just getting back from ascot today. Had a good time but now completely knackered. Only won 1 race 
Had the worst possible sleep last night. I'm dragging a$$ right now- can't seem to get the ball rolling 
Had to cancel babysitter for tonight, my first baby (hubby) is sick. 
Had more nightmares last night, I hope this isn't becoming a routine 
Had to leave. It was pouring.  i took pictures before it washed away though.
nnnooooooo... the first time my mac has crashed on me.  Had something important unsaved.
I had to take my redbull bedroom jam wristband off today  Had it on for almost 2 months.Really sad as it was my first @blackgoldmusic show
Had a near miss with our house and a small single engine plane.  Yikes....must be a new driver up there 
@blakeshelton I've had many of those seats   Had a great view of airplanes flying over though
@whyywarren I didn't!    I think I'll try to get it done tomorrow.  Had a lot going on yesterday and wasn't in the video mood. 
Had a lovley night with hubbily bubbily- missing him lots now tho!  xxxxxxx
Had a rough night 
Just got back from #bash17. Had loads of fun today! Sucks that tomorrow is canceled 
Had 3 seperate sets of plans today. What are the odds all 3 bailed out on me  not cool!
Had to do a swine flue test today. Negative, meaning no treatment for my flue 
http://twitpic.com/7yjm6 - Had to say a final goodbye 
Had an amazing time at her party.....even though it rained 
I can't sleep  Had only a few hours sleep in the last couple of days. No fun.
Had my chips @ salsa taken away by my girl. 
Had a full day  However, I feel strangely empty. 
Had a great day with danielle at adventureland today  on my way home now :/ i already miss her... 
@sherylk1515 It's 1 street over &amp; broke before the party started. Had water for while but no pressure, now no water, very frustrating 
Had to say goodbye to my mac for awhile because it's sick 
Had really busy day at work today and is now very tired and has sore feet 
Had a fun match but lost 
Some other Texans just gave me Chinese take out! Had to pass on their offer of glendfiddich. 
Had another super busy day. I miss you twits  Hopefully tomorrow will be better!!!
Had a fun day but feelin suuuuper sick now  uuuugh...I wanna shake this! gotta get some rest so I can enjoy tomorrow with my family....
I'm so tired. Had a very bad night. Just couldn't sleep. I wanna go to bed! 
@Rynsk yay! So happy for u. Had a cat missing but he wasn't found 
Had to put my damn candle out. 
@the_carl Sounds like I missed a great time tonight  Had a good time here but can't wait to get home.
@dougiemcfly lol, thank you for an awesome gig last night.  Had red bull, now I feel like I have a hangover from hell.  I'm starving.  X
Had really greasy curry last night and now i can't move 
@endlessblush Didn't make it  Had a mate call over and now I just couldn't be bothered going down to the shops
Had a hectic day, first hospital then doctors argh...lets just say sick. 
Had a nice dimsum earlier but starving already now 
Had an amazing night! About to pass out hard core! Not too thrilled about waking up and cleaning in the morning 
So I'm just gettin in from dancin my ass off wit my cousins. Had tons of fun wit da fam tho! But@itsmynxx is gonna b mad at me  I lied
Had a really good time.  I wish I had better lungs so I could dance more than 2 songs in a row 
Off to church this morning then back to my apartment to clean and catch up on some reading - Had to miss the Philathropist yesterday 
Had fun at skwel on the occasion of founnder's day.... met up wth old mates...!seniors and juniors....I miss skwel soo much Already!!! 
Just got home. Had some good Japanese food. I think my migrane is coming back. 
Had to do a march with the church with the scouts     no lie in on fathers day. not good.
Had a great night out ... some funny moments ... missing tom  &lt;3
Had one of the most disturbing dreams I've ever had last night. And when I woke up it took me several minutes to realize it wasn't true. 
Had on of the worst days yesterday, pulled a muscle in my chest, could hardly breathe, my heart hurt  I only tripped up, and fuck it hurt.
Had a great weekend , watching greys, baking, cleaning and dancing, sad about work tomo 
Had the most horrible dream ever 
Had to come inside seeing as we have visitors now I can't post the pics   Of my hair  I will do it tonight
Had to pee on the side of the road...not fun 
Embarrassed to say 24hrs before 4 blisters, 2 on each foot got better of me. Had 2be collected this morning. Now a week or more to heal 
Had so much fun on my birthday that he does not want it to end.  But i love the presents that i have receive.
Had a dream that i became good friends with miley and nick. wish it was true 
Had to work almost 20 hours this weekend   But had a great night out with friends.
Had a nice breakfast with the in laws and now time for cleaning, laundry, etc 
Had fun with muh boy lastnight, all I can think of is the long road ahead without him 
is sick today  Hadn't happened in so long that I could not remember how much it sucks !
Had to do my work  oh well I gave it a shot
Had a minor wobble yesterday at son's birthday bbq, the build up of the party, bbq, youngest being in hospital, all got a bit too much 
Had a great weekend with family! And now back to work 
Had to go to the doctor's today. 
Had to walk home in thunder and lightning storm  scary times.loving krakow 
Too much to do! Had to back out of a night with friends. 
@kizabrat Had a really busy weekend and was sick today 
Had a sugar free energy drink... Falling asleep... I didn't get any wings from it...  lol
I think something is wrong with family ria. Had dinner there last nite and was rushed to the toilet just now 
Also - I am sunburned. I am hurting  Had a good time at meet yesterday, but walked all over creation and now am very tired.
Woot! day is done. Had a bowl of homemade Strawberries yum. now off to bed...well soon anyway another early day tomorrow 
@happylovesChuck I wish I could... 3am here and I'll wake up at 7. Had an exam today and have another tomorrow.  No music now...
Gads! Just read audio transcription of video interview clip of me - am new brevity fan!  Had NOooo idea how rambling I was in the shoot  
Had a horrible dream, of riots, people killing wife n kids with bamboo sticks in front of the father and then then killing him   
I spilled coffe all over my pants and shirt. Had to go change I am very clumsy today, I spilled it twice!  
Had a horrible stressed day editing this film, and I missed my deadline anyway 
Had a long exhausting with little sleep at work and no time for a nap before job #2....sad 
Had so much fun last night with  @marhood @alexapal @laurensab  going to miss everyone
Had to go home sick today  600mg ibuprofen on an empty stomach=not a good idea. feeling better now.
In other news I really hate it when trips go by too fast  I miss orlando. Wish I could've spent another day. Had so much fun.
Had monster hiccups twice today. Just went to yawn and hiccup-burped at the same time, now I have both major hiccups and a stomach ache 
Had to work tonight. 
Had a dream about my report lastnight, hopefully my grades won't be as bad as they were in my dream 
Had a great day in lbi &amp; now has to come home to study all nite 
Had a great idea to roller blade &amp; walk my dog... having a great time till he saw a dog and took off!!! That will hurt in the morning 
So tired. And not feeling well. Had an embarassing sick day 
Had lots of fun hanging out with the family in nebraska... now its back to work 
Had a pretty decent workout! I miss sammy 
Almost bit into a chocolate mousse cake after brushing my teeth for the night. Had to put it back in fridge for tomorrow evening  *sigh*
Had to bounce from @groovecandy early...got too much ish to handle  happy birthday @karliehustle and @djm2 and I love you @djmj have fun!!
Had to switch phones again. 
Had a really fun night of watching old movies and remembering about when i was a kid. I kind of miss it 
Had a terrible start to my day. I'll spare you all the details, but suffice it to say everything that could go wrong did. 
Had a great evening, now off to sleep. I wanted to mail home today but didn't get to it  tomorrow another day of lectures.
@henryb12346 sorry I had to leave right after.  Had to get a grumpy girl home........and it was coooooold. 
Had a good day, until the afternoon 
Had such a bad dream  glad to wake up
Had a horrid dream last night 
Had a fight with someone yesterday, and he's still not answering my calls  Have sent out a white flag SMS.
Had the BEST dream ever...how sad I had to wake up to reality 
Urrrrrgh! I'm in alot of pain with a very dead arm! Just come back from the hospital. Had to have 3 blood tests for some reason ouch!  lol
From 8pm until way past 1am, there were 2 choppers circling in the sky above my head. Had to close windows to sleep even in hot weather 
Had a heart-to-heart with someone last night, and it quite shocked me the stuff that got said. I wish id have been more honest before 
Had a scary dream bugs were crawling all over me, therefore, I couldn't sleep!!  sleepy today!!
Had a horrible nightmare last night about my children - ugh - ... I need to shake it off! 
Lots of painting done but tip of the iceberg!  Hadn't realised just how shabby this house had got 
Had a bad dream last night that my dog died.  Had to wake up &amp; hug him.
Had so much fun last night with @squidallen and is not ready for her to leave tomorrow 
Had horrible thoughts today!  I really should find someone for the time being tbh
Had a piece of candy this morning.  Now I'm fat.  
Had a busy day and have sore feet. 
Had fun at the lake yesterday; but got really burnt, ouch 
Had a great lunch with one of my &quot;mums&quot; today, @christineirmler  It's her birthday tomorrow too so I got her a little something
Had an interesting, really random day... I'm glad my friends have found it hilarious... keeps me goinig. 
Had a great night..really enjoying life  
Had a really good day today. Now it's  time for bed.  
Had such a good time tonight...it was needed...thanks sistahs! 
Another day of courses, looking for a job and audition preparation. Had a good night sleep 
Had a great swim this morning, apart from nearly being swam straight into at top speed, and having to dive into the next lane 
Had a good start today! 
Is up at 7 am for no reason. Had a great day yesterday... hopes today is just as good 
Had a nice lunch  time for some work now.
Had to wake up to feed the baby lamb! 
Had a great night last night hanging out with @coachbanderson 
Had a decaf coffee... Does that count? Only half a cup! 
I'm tired and feeling kinda dehydrated... Had fun though. 
Had a lot of fun last night 
Had to call my dad to brag on my breakfast (eggs, grits, biscuits, bacon, and milk gravy). He was proud 
Had no sleep now off to the wedding 
@DeniseMerritt  Had a great time too! You are welcome any time 
Had lobster thermador fir the first time at lunch, yummy  http://yfrog.com/eq5saj
Had a great time last night with my friends 
man..I wish I Had a car like bumble bee 
Had a fabulous massage today - signed up for a membership 
@chrislparton thanks for that blip - Hadn't heard that track before.  How are you doing today?
Had a bass lesson today  gonna learn a reign of kindo song too!
Had fun with emily  hopefully seeing chris tonight
Had to change my password, I forgot, I'm old. 
Had a very fun evening and  I suck at mario kart on wii.. 
came back from my friends house. After carnival. Had fun 
Had a lot of fun last night. Things could of gone better earlier in the night, but other than that, woot 
A huge thank you to everyone who came out to #12for12ksd tonight! Had such a fun time with all 
Had a great day at the zoo!! And yayy for pike carwash today 
Had a lovely evening and off to kew gardens on this nice sunny day 
Had a good run to sidetrack with @ethanhaan and @met164 among other kinksters 
Had a wicked night last night and dinner was lovely so on to tonight and I think I will be wii fit'in up again !! 
enjoy GIAN @wudzy   lazy day today though I need to do homework!! Had a really good day yesterday 
@JeffTracey Had forgotten about that one 
@WTFJAY Had a lovely day... almost bedtime now at 10.20 pm. 
@SidneyKidney IKR  Had been a long time ^^
Had a wonderful time of family gathering celebrating my cousin's 21st birthday. He's a grown man now 
Heading to the airport... Had a blast in D.C. 
Had a good break, now I'm about to go get my babies.. 
@mattjarrard Had to -- there were just too many tweetquests!  Had a great time last night 
Had an amazing time at meagans surprise birthday party!!! 
Had some trampoline fun,think the average age of user was 25  my nephew didn't get a look in!
Just waking up. Had a marvelous breakfast, read 5 magazines, now it's time to start a new day  Editing photos, site, and a new blog. &lt;3
Had fun at laos new years cant wait until the next one in may 
Had a brilliant gangsters &amp; molls birthday bash last night. fab time dancincing eating and drinking with friends 
Had a great day spoiling my guy rotten with cruises and things...happy bday! 
Had an amazing weekend with the most beautiful girl on the planet  I love you Melissaaaaaaa
Had such a relaxing weekend &amp; am ready for the busy week of designing that I have ahead of me 
Had a lovely day at the beach in bournemouth on saturday, followed by barbecue action on sunday, big up the sun beams 
is now 25. Had a lovely birthday 
Had 2 skip the coffee argh. On the other hand I put no effort into getting ready today and I think I'm quite presentable.  good day today?
Had a day to digest all the information and views from #altdotnetinthenorth , glad my impromptu #azure session went down well 
on the couch now..few ferals roaming the hood tonight. Had to tell them to stay away from my yard...now back to TV 
feels relieved. Had a pretty great night   http://plurk.com/p/p6vwd
Had a good time with the girls today 
Had a good workout now chillin.   
is so tired! Had boxing lessons with Genille a while ago. 
@what_tha LOL why yessirree. It was very enjoyable and the perfect intro. Had I known, so would have invited you 
What a glorious morning! Had a wonderful 2hrs walk 
Had a long day at work .. now some time for r&amp;r 
Had a great healthy living lecture today with 75 attendees, great turn out! 
Had a great girls night! 
Had to make sure i didn't schedule orientation on the day harry potter comes out. 
Had a wonderful time tonight! 
Had a great night tonight watching a movie with my parents... 
&quot;Yes I'm conceited and that's no lie. I'll be an A-K-A 'till the day I die!&quot;  Had to shout that out 
@mmchu Missed it.  Had family plans from before I knew about the party. How was it?
Had the best night that i have had in a good minute. Thanks to a beautiful woman. 
Had a good time with my &quot;gm&quot; and my &quot;mam&quot; .they're the best senior everr aaah 
The day started fantastically... Had an awesome time with the family today 
Morning everyone!! Just woke up! Had a nice nightsleep 
Had a morning walk in the park, found a cache.  I have so much work to do this weekend...dear god.
Had a good day  
Had a jolly time reminiscing about late 90s nu-metal and other bad music that we used to enjoy with some of the #tumblrs folk. 
Had a wonderful sat night 
Just woke up. Had a dream I met ashlee simpson 
I agree @michaelnorwood. Had a cup this morning as well. 
Had so mch fun 2day !! 
Had a fantastic day out in Glocuestershire with @Sparklegirl21. Had such a great day today and the weather was gorgeous. 
Had a long day~ enjoyed all them hours 
Going to bed! Had an awesome 3 hours and 50 miniute phone call with @annakayh!  fun times!!
Had a great day. There was this couple siting in a coffee shop... the way they interacted was so refreshing and beautiful. 
Had lots of fresh air this weekend!  I fell off a rock into the catheads 
Had a good mellow day, went to the oval (kicked the footy), went to darby's (ate), came home nd watched the dragons beat the warriors! 
Had a fun night with an old friend. 
Had fun at the meet  now shut eye!
Had an awesome time with @mikemarquez @gojohnnygo and daddy  good seein you boys tonight
Had a great retreat. 
Had a californian pimp her mac, and thus is playing n64 super smash 
Had a nice weekend with my gorgeous wonderful boy.  Now it's back to attempting to design a scientific investigation for 4 to 5 year olds!
Had the most spectacular prom ever  but now my bed is serenading me and i must answer, sweet dreams my friends what a wonderful day
@bridgetjayne lol won't post until tomorrow night at the earliest.  Had a great day, thanks for the pressies, the shirt is gorgeous 
Had an amazing time alone in my house for 3 days! A lot of icons comming ur way ppl! 
Had such a good birthday night out 
is home now! Had fun at church tonight too 
Had a dream about getting married 
Headed home. Had such a great time. It's nice to have friends who can pick up like normal after a long time apart 
Had a lovely evening out!! just a lil hangover 
Had my first guitar class today !!!! I'm loving it !!! 
Had a fuckin great night. 
@BSelphFSU yeah, couldn't figure out how to add you on my phone last night. Had to get to the computer 
Had a nice weekend with @tommydegerdalen.  Waiting for the kids to come home, they'll be here in a couple of hours! &lt;3
Had an awesome day!  goodnight
Had a great weekend. I'm out. Two more weeks and I'm off for three months 
Had a great day  thank you all.
@RabbiShaiSpecht - The best. Had a rousing jam session with my son tonight, too. 
Had a great night with the princess! I miss her so much! 
Feeling pretty good. Had the best weekend nd seems as if this week shall be pretty awesome also 
Had a nice conversation on the phone. 
Had a good lunch. I'm a happy girl! 
Had a cute little date today, but ate too much and now my stomach hates me  hehe..
recovering from mexican fiesta. Had a bit too much of a good time! 
Had some lovely sugar puffs and just been playing with my amazing dog jack 
Had an awesome weekend and an awesome turn out to my rummage sales on friday and saturday!! 
Had the best wknd with her man and levi and sara love u guys 
Had a nice pre mother's day dinner out. Now a cocktail before retiring for the evening 
Had a little romantic date with suzy in uptown 
Had a good end to a busy day and now I'm off to bed with a full belly of sushi 
Had a nice dinner with the hubby and now on our way home  45 min drive out of the city. *sigh*
A long day with the family.   I'm so tired now.  Had fun!
Had a ton of fun w muffin today 
Had tons of fun, yay!!  On to after prom for lots more fun, horayyyayayay
Had a nice dinner with mom! I've started the chicken rolls. They are going to cook overnight. The rest I'll do tomorrow. 
Had a great day with the moms and sis  really makes ya appreciate those days
Had an awesome pedicure today!! 
Packing up and leaving inlaws house heading home sweet home... Had a nice weekend and back to work in a few hours 
Waiting to go to bed. Had a great weekend 
Had a fantastic day at the beach. Thanks friends  xoxo.
Had a lovely day with mama cuppy 
Had a great time singing karaoke with the fam...good times 
Had an awesome lunch with the family &amp; now dinner with the in-laws 
Had a nice chat with an old frnd... its been a while since v talked  was fun...
Had a great time with mpix shootout, just great  thanks mpix...
Had a neat mothers day - nothing flash, just some chillin time with my girls 
Had the best night I've had in a while. 
Had fun 2nite...i was pleasantly surprised 
Had an amazing night with my favorite lady friend 
Had such a boss night out. 
Had a great time last night! 
Had a great evening with relatives 
Had so much fun last night! 
Had an amazing bachlorette weekend with the girls, now spending the day with my wonderful mom 
Had breakfast with my grandma! I love her! 
Had a good mothers day now just deinking with the fam. On my 3rd case of smirnoff ice and I weigh 120lbs im feelin goooooood!b! 
Had a great weekend with her hubby.....I wish it would never end 
Had the best weekend 
@ARStager I've got a link to it, but figured I'd read the book before reading reviews, to be fair. And, thanks. Had to lay down the law. 
Had amazing sushi tonight with the family 
going to bed ..Had a great day 
Had a job interview today and it went good :] and it helps that I know the people that interviewed me 
Had a great dinner and is off to bed 
Had a fabulous time out tonight  Just what I needed
Had the most wonderful day today 
Had a great day, walked niece 2 bus, lunch w/ gram and vintage shopn, cupcake batter fight w/ niece ahh home 
Had to fill up with gas this morning. A whole $6.60 One of the many reasons to ride a motorcycle 
Had a good work out this morning.  
Had an extremely eventful and fun filled night. Just got home going to sleep for a bit. 
Had an amazing morning! I love you shane 
@mrheretic Had seen it already. And their other hits too 
Had a great couple days with rach and daph..good times 
At home watching tv  Had fun tonight...way to much fun!
Had a great nite with the always beautiful @lydianorthern 
Had a flat tire now i am getting wasted. 
@MonteCarloSS2k Had a good flight. It's amazing how tiring it can be to sit on ones bum for a few hours 
Had a good day...now time to sleeeep...buenas noches my fellow tweeters...y que suenen con los angelitos 
Had a nice photoshhot today; got wet at the beach, but the camera is fine!  
Had a nice long day with my b/f and got a surprise visit from a few old friends  Now... off to bed x3
Had an amazing night out with her boyfriend and her sister 
Had lunch today wid my mates, for pani and anns bdae..it was nice, great feed and good laugh today.. 
Had fun tonight with @pinky_27 and @iheartmycupcake 
Had a blessed night with friends who are such a blessing 
Had the greatest night, but would love a cuddle buddy right now!!!! Any takers??  http://myloc.me/11F0
@Amalari Had some good overnight rain for several days. V good for my vines &amp; my fruit bushes. Saves a lot of watering after work. 
Had a fun night 
Had a good bargain from vinayak mall in panaji..i luv gud bargains   #goa
just got back from a great sleepover  Had a bit too drink and just had a laugh  We did quite well in eurovision :O!!!
Had my pot noodle 
just finished eating dinner  Had a bad day but it's ok.
Off to church.. 40 min late yes but umm better late than never? Had to make a dunkin donuts stop 
Had a great time last night 
Had fun in sentosa..it's been a while since we had fun together..u guys are great!! 
Had a good afternoon meal at my aunt's place. 
Had a great/amazing day so far 
Had a great night last night on the boat with m'lady  &lt;3
Had a good time last night. Some things have definitely changed  
Had a supertastic day or whatever it's called!! 
Had a great time dancing last night 
Had a nice brunch with mom and my sisters 
Russetiden er over...Had a good time 
Had a lazy day today, but am having roast potatoes for dinner!! 
Hey peeps....I'm back!!  Had to stop to eat as well....soaking up all the wine!! 
Is going to bed soon. Had a long weekend. 
Night everyone.    Had fun twittering about the quake with you!  But, it's time for me to put the laptop away now....
Had an amazing day  now to get a nice night's rest to go along with it!
Had a fun night out with my pledge class  and now it's off to bed! Officially on summer break 
Had one hell of a weekend 
@Gailporter Had a fantastic weekend in porty. port says 'hi' back to you  hope your weekend was good! x
Had a good birthday  thanks dan and liv you guys are awesome  goodnight twit freaks!
Had a great day singing out loud at the school chapel service! 
Had a lovely weekend with my other half 
Had a great bungee jump  x
I missed the train this morning.....Had to wait for 20 minutes reading the newspaper in the rising sun! What a start of the day... 
@fartingpen You must be really lucky! Even the translation is exact for you!  Had lunch?
Had a long, fun day, but now I'm passing out, peace 
Had garlic bread after long time 
Had a back massage 
@jayesh it was fine. Had fun. 
@ikki_oo Awww sweet   I trust she's keeping you very busy!  Had a great weekend thanks, beach yesterday with friends, really nice day
Had theory for my tractors/frount-end loader licence today, now for the prac work tommorow 
Had the most inspiring discussion with my 20 year old about her boobs. This young woman embraces  her femininity in a way I never could 
Had to do some old fashioned debugging, glad to find out that I still know how to do it 
@KellyOlexa wow. Had to go to bed early last night  and I missed all the action. 
Had to get three up and moving for school this morning. Just like old times 
Had a pear, now off to gym. 
@lorenmary ... and I always thought ants in your pants was a metaphor. Had a slug in the kitchen if makes u feel any better 
Had #ElevensesTime at the nutmeg tree in town 
Flagging now... Had a productive morning but all my energy has been used up. So tired after a busy weekend moving. More unpacking tonight 
@neosurgehosting I'm not sure tho think it might be port related on my router to be fair. Had this kind of issue since 1998. 
@viherrera and you never answered my random proposal! I'm hurt. Had fun duuuude. 
Had a late breakfast today, french toast with spicy sausages and hash brown  - Had a late breakfast today, french... http://bit.ly/WeFwW
Had a great day with my hun 
@JunkFoodTees boring, how was urs? xx (via @BBRRIITTTTYY) - Had a good weekend  
In the train now! Had a bloody great driving lesson today  yaay I'm gettin betterrr  @Connyyy @sarahroters there's a party in ur bedroom
Calling it a night early! Had a great time with my girls!!! Nitey nite 
@gregor_rohrig he is awesome! Had a whole week of lectures from him when I did the PDMM last year! 
Had lunch with @marklim and @migs88 at pepper lunch. 
Had a nice breakfats today, left over from last nights party! 
Had a great time at my uncle's and aunt's summer house yesterday. It's wonderful to visit your parents at times 
is a little sad that #webdu is over. Had a blast and even placed 9th in the trading card game comp  Thanks all! I'll be back next year
Had an amazing time at retreat. thanks everyone 
Had the most complete day. I did everything I wanted to do. 
Had a great birthday yesterday....peaceful and received many good wishes...I am so loved. 
Had an awesome lunch with the angels of SWEDTEL 
Had an awesome birthday by far  had some cake and spent time wit family and talked wit a few friends and family
Had breakfast, now farting. 
Had a great run with the gf through old st georges this morning, then went overboard @ fort st. Catherines...good times 
Had awesome dinner for marios bday  thanks again pal  now going to see angels and demons with jaxxy
Had my coffee...still sleepy...back to bed 
Had so much with migs, my sistahs from another mother and my new friends kimi and jeff 
Morning  Had a good night at ash's...suprisingly very awake despite going to sleep at 1
Had a great convo with a local daycare/boarding facility about doing a display and starting a business relationship 
Had a bird fall down my chimney 2day, managed to catch it and set it free, that's one very lucky bird! 
Had a beautiful day at the beach, soon going to the pool 
Had a great night 
Had a good physio appt. the pain in my hips seems to be coming from my back, but is improving 
Had a good time laughing at facebook pictures. 
Had a really good coding day today for once 
Had the most perfect day yesterday.. I hope today won't disappoint me 
Had an adventurous day 
Had chicken adobo for lunch and is now eating some yogurt with peaches, mangoes, and bananas! 
@grace134 I'm working on mine right now.   Had some editing to do.
Finally made it home in the family car. . .lol. . .   Had a good night at my brother's house   *S. I. S.*
Had a small resume writing seminar this morning  Something came up last minute for about 20 people ;-) I'll remember holidays for future.
Had a tough conversation But its gona be okay! 
Had quite a long talk with buddy last night. So much have happened in the span of one week. Now he is happier. 
Home from walmart with the girls. Had a fun night out with some of my air force friends  hope you night was at great
At home, doing a couple chores before I go to bed. Had a fun time tonight. 
Had a really neat conversation about laundry detergent with a woman at work tonight. 
Had a really great night 
Had a good day 
Had a great time tonight 
Had a great workout dancing.  9933 aerobic steps.  
GoodNight World. I Had an ok day today. But I'm Pretty sure tomorrow will be better.  Until then Gnight!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Had a very nice evening laughing with @garypetersjr and @splitpz. Three cheers for friends! 
@givememyremote Enjoyed the dance chat earlier tonight. Had a prior commitment so couldn't stay. 
@danielkrishnan Someone's been rajin.. Had a 5 mins panic attack last nite when I THOUGHT your pendrive was lost 
Had a good workout tonight and is now ready for bed! 
Had a great day and can't wait for date night with the mrs. 
Ah everybody loves the sunshine, bring it on. Had the best sleep I've had in weeks now time to catch some rays 
Had a 2nd interview today. It's looking promising. 
Had a gooood night!! Lol 
Had to delete some celebs that just were not paying attenting to me. That is the way it goes sometimes. But I press onward and upward! 
Just woke up. Had a great sleep 
Just woke up after sleeping from 11 in the morning. So i have no idea what to do on twitter, haha im a newb. Had desert for dinner mmm... 
