Most common words for this cluster:
[('hair', 1244), ('haircut', 104), ('com', 78), ('http', 69), ('skin', 64), ('day', 55), ('lol', 54), ('done', 50), ('look', 38), ('looks', 38), ('today', 36), ('tattoo', 36)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hair', 0.8947849869728088), (u'curly_hair', 0.7134275436401367), (u'hairdo', 0.6995555758476257), (u'wavy_locks', 0.6947704553604126), (u'eyelashes_eyebrows', 0.6913518905639648), (u'tresses', 0.6852438449859619), (u'blowdry', 0.6828691363334656), (u'naturally_curly_hair', 0.6811226010322571), (u'curly_afro', 0.6762709617614746), (u'mousey_brown', 0.671790361404419)]





Getting eyebrows waxed. More pain 
in makeup and hair  why does mother nature hate me? my tummy hurts, im falling asleep, and its rainy!!! im exhausted,
flo the dog has had all her hair cut off  she's bald!
i really want my next tattoo but haven't got the cash right now.....so many gd ideas in my head and i cant get afford needle on skin 
Going through hair and make-up as we speak. Sooooooooooo tired! I miss my doggies 
bout to go pay some bills then stop at the hair shop and then the nail salon...YAYYYYY i miss doin this every 2 weeks! 
Getting hair done tomorrow.Nawt exicted at all. 
I hate to wash my hair  it smells so nice but looks terrible hah
Off to get my hair done, still feeling poorly.. 
trying to cool down my itchy skin that is reacting to retinolic acid cosmetic stuff. 
dyed her hair... not all the way black sadly  just got a job at arbys
playoff beard is in its awkward annoyingly scratchy phase 
*sigh* And yet again, my hair is ruined 
@rachelsuzannee yesyesyesyesyesyesyes. i completely agree. but he needs to bring back the curls... i miss them 
Sometimes my razor hates my skin 
my hair used to be song long  what happened? http://tinyurl.com/chkrmb
hate my haircut...as usual 
Second tattoo delayed 
I HAVE to get a really nice fake tan before tuesday w.o going to a salon. I am nerv0us 0mg 
@McJayxo yes.. im veryy cofused  be ready for heaps of questions haha. and my hair looks okayy i guess, lol.
Undoing my perfect, intricate hair for prom is painful 
i just got up and washed my hair, i'm still tired like hell 
Going for a look round the shops with my mum today. I want clothes! And i wish my hair would bloody grow already 
forgot to comb my beard after shampooing it...damn!!! bad hair days coming up!!! 
@isaaclim because I damn lazy to keep dying colour already! hehe and it's damaging. thinning my hair like crazy!!! 
@ashleyblah but i am fat.  you look good with bangs, btw!
awake but ready to go backk to sleep, ugh my hair stylist isnt working today 
@bethh_kidd your soo lucky you get to dye your hair. my mom won't let me dye my hair 
@anidee yeah was cutting her hair and nicked her neck  they had to put 2 staples in to close the wound
Bad hair day.  
I lost   my mom helped me and cut a couple of hair off   the hairdresser must come soon !!
Just got done detangling hair...way too much came out 
claudine's hair is really putting me off my wine - like a dirty horse tail 
@queenbmakeup  i haven`t found a face cleanser/exfoliator that i`ve liked since. i have real oily skin so idk what to look for ! 
don't like my hair no more jus want to get it back to how my hairdresser done it 
feel like im turning 80 with my current hair loss 
I kinds don't like my hair anymore 
...but my hair smells like wood smoke 
is havin a bad hair day 
@Mrjaydeeone I chickened out on the bb piercing and the parlor was shut  I'm just having my hair trimmed and restyled as I'm growing it
picking eyebrows is NOT that much fun.. 
hating the new haircut 
@McJayxo awesome (Y) @AussieMcFlyFan Heeey, join the club.. hairdressers just dont understand how i ever want me hair 
I paid $2 for a pair of plastic gloves! and she's not even gonna perm her hair 
@SplashMan I don't have to put on the red dress either, but I like to, even though it clashes with my hair. 
@emandsammac I preferred bare skin to be honest 
@cokeman what r u saying bout my pigtails 
is more upset about her hair then she thought was humanly possbile... there's a chunk missing.  awkwaaaard.  
Headacheeee, I dyed my hairs 
watching house season 1. i miss the old team  and cameron's natural hair color.
@storyfan no moon boots.  It was more his demeanor and lack of social aptitude. that, and the fluffy curled red hair. and the glasses.
eww..just saw this cell comercial w/a chick that had extra long armpit hair  that was just wrong..lol it was blowing behind her...ewww
Out of cigarettes, I tried rolling some pubic hair in a 20 dollar bill but it just wasn't the same 
The guy i like says he hates my hair. 
being unable to deny the fact that I suffer from a receding hair line is the worst part of getting my monthly hair cut  haha
eww i need hair extensions now they cut my hair to short 
The smell of this hair mask is putting me right off my redbull 
@brionyqueen awful lol! Its sorta lost its curl and afro-ness 
is re thinking the hair shop idea... it's abt to rain again 
@xSkylines :O that was very rude. I offered to straighten your hair. I think the price you'dve paid would be very fair. 
@jordanspires i caaaant  its all hot and the sun is coming in my window and my hair is messy and im hungry but not sure lol
i wish i was manlier and could grow a beard at a reasonable speed 
cleaning my closet ugh :S booooored out of my skin 
going to get a haircut 
NNOOOO!!! my hair poofed!  but the color looks great! okay, must plug in the straighter
Bout to tap out and make a hair appt.  I was trying not to stress my hair every week w/ heat but what's a girl 2 do? B fabulous of course
@mandyconforth they moved me away from the dog but now I'm sitting next to a lady who has cat hair all over her clothes. 
getting my precious curls chopped off! 
Isn't it so fun when a haircutter f*cks up your hair 
my hair is dry as all hell  damn chemicals
Combing hair and bathin kids when we should be outside 
Hey I'm not getting my hair cut here if the fucking stylist is a white trash rocking a mullet!! 
I am having such a bad hair day 
10 hairy tees to satisfy your need for mustache and beard 
I've noticed is that a lot of men have bad teeth. I'll tolerate most things: baldness, tummy but I'm not going there if the smile's bad! 
urghhh, i'm getting makeup everywhere. 
needs loving but mike is at work  also the logies sucks this year its because ofgretel killeen and her lesbian hair cut
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - prettey (:. But please don't dye your hair dark 
My mom messed up my hair cut!!! even though she practically yelled at me saying that she understood what i wanted to be cut 
@sillyyak11 ....I am making my next one better and excuse my hair and makeup my stylist wasn't here  I didnt get to see her this week....
can't do anything to make my hair grow faster.. 
I wanna get my hair cut agyness deyn short, but my mom howled at me. 
My shanana shaved his beard! 
@lilivonshtupp I love that about you though. I still need to see this fantastic hair of yours. That's how long its been 
I made billy's hair look soooo good. And he didn't even like it.  Haha
finally got to touch up my hair. woot! woot! unfortunately i had to pay this time  i miss working salon side
@Yorksville i would if i could find my hair clips lol. All my hair accessory's get stolen  lol
Oh...I liked having facial hair...I could have fun disguising myself...back to the old fashioned way of fake nose and glasses 
is straightening hair ,,,, bad thing is it wont straighten good 
doing something this morning I don't like to do....coloring my hair.   
my mum called me crazy for wanting to cut bowl shaped hair. 
christianne amanpour: what i want is her intellect, but all i've got is her hair   flat iron fail
@SpokeWithPics wow, sorry you went through that   kids do tend 2 be great problem solvers though, don't they? explains my gray hair!
me and brooke being crazy (i still ahd long hair i miss it  cry cry) http://twitgoo.com/28g7
@beijaflor I liked that movie too ... &quot;Is this hair yours?&quot; LOL! 
@RACthatsme I didn't do the bangs 
I really don't like my haircut. Not what I asked for at all 
i cant untie the knot  my hair looks so bad at the moment
@tomatonoob my haircut doesnt look like the haircut that you wanted me to get 
@mitchelmusso mitchel tate musso! why did u cut off all ur gorgeous hair!? i saw u flip ur hair and nothing happened. it was sad. 
My grandma in-law told me my hair looks like her old auburn car today and what did I do to it when its been this color for yrs. 
got a horrible haircut... one side is longer than the other it looks so dumb 
My bangs piss me off 
my hair smells like chemicals. 
I miss my awesome purple hair. 
well washed hair and dried it and it looks horrible, does not look anything like it did when the hair dresser did of the other day 
i like it how i am now broke after splurging on my mother, and can't even afford to get my hair done  oh how being selfless is hard
showered. battling with that piece of hair that will NOT stay down. i think its winning 
My eyelashes hurt 
I had a dream last night that I could put my hair into a ponytail. Ahhh, someday 
I really, really, really want a haircut and can't afford one. 
@jejejejen I have a lot of zits on my forehead already. 
Man... Now i've got an afro. And my hair didn't look too horrible this morning. 
i don't see the change in my hair 
Dammit, I forgot to color my hair. I'm gonna do it now. I have to color my hair back to black again coz it keeps washing off. 
idk. i wish i could make my hair how the lady at the salon did it.  http://tinyurl.com/p6ju4c
will b goin 4 an haircut later on as nwadays kept wakin up wif hair drenched in sweat.  http://plurk.com/p/szuop
i wish i knew how to do more things with my hair   i suck
I just pulled out 4 eyelashes 
@andyclemmensen http://twitpic.com/4lcr8 - hahah, he has facial hair but he cant have chest hair   lool
fact i hate bout my hair ; when i try to straighten a part of my bangs it just goes frizzy..and not straight 
@Vorruna hahah well at least it's not a dead raccoon  my hair literally feels synthetic, it's extremely creepy lol
Why am I so itchy? I haven't changed soaps or degergent or used any new lotions or anything. I am on day 2 of my skin driving me crazy! 
Awww youtube seems to be missing the hair regrowth energizer bunny ad 
ew my hair is so screwed. ahahah. i hate my life 
http://twitpic.com/54yym - im missing my long hair 
@cazashton @helenbyrne same here. i could never do the same thing with my hair post salon... 
@heycassadee u guyz were tottaly awesome at columbus but the rain made my hair dye run 
i've got hair the colour of dark sherry  it wasn't supposed to look like this!
I got my hair cut and highlighted...and it looked good until the lady cut my bangs half way up my forehead 
misses her long to-her-ass hair  I think i'm going to get extensions this week
Only powder pink slipon vans would have completed this look. I rushed out and forgot my hair ties 
bad hair day 
they left right away @alexleyton  i had to literally walk outside with shampoo in my hair cuz i was in the shower!!
angels and demons in like an hour or two shower fer now...i hope now that my hair is cut its easier to straighten. I miss richard 
wishing i had red hair right now    finally updating my crackberry! totally shocked at my motivation.
wow, my hair is wiiiiiiiiiild, thats what i get for getting up early 
i swear i can still smell smoke in my hair.  ahh i hate the after -bon fire affects.
ugh, revision. i really need to dye my hair. and where is my mum? she's supposed to be back by now 
i want a tattoo too 
My hair feels like straw from the pool and span 
had a bad hair cut.  *cry*
My skin is horrendous 
Everyone loves my hair. I dont wanna wash it later! 
thinks her hair is too short.  http://plurk.com/p/ucnjh
I don't usually complain about this but, my hair looks awful today.  x 2
A little late for church...had to straighten my zac efron hair 
Oh yea I cut my hair. 
I'm totally getting my hair cut today. So shaggy! 
i want my dark brown hair back 
I just want to go to bed...ughh but i gotta wash all this makeup and hair product off  soooo sleeeepyyyy
My hair hates me 
wondering if this shaving cut will ever stop bleeding. yucko and owie! all at once 
:sigh.I wishh I had my hair backk.I mean.I know I'm not bald or anyything.but what was I thinking when I cut it 
@robbyy_g hahah, well maybe, but too bad i haven't lived that long yet. and ew, i wouldn't want too. my skin would be all wrinkly! 
lost my eyeliner... lame 
I don't know how to style my new hair  my mom said it looks horrible and I'm going to cry
@Deniki I can't wait until my hair is teh longs like yours, brustix. 
uhoh. agent is saying no tattoo 
@smegatron i unfortunately don't have an afro 
Bad hair day.. 
what is going on with my skin 
bye my long hair! 
on the mascara (: running out tho  think i might need to buy some more :-\
@sammi_jade Its just so not funny thats its funny... off to dry my hair... 
un able to re-dye my hair due to the stoopid bus, finish work @ 8 so the shops will b shut 
god i need a hair cut 
so i might have my hair curly after all on thursday if it's going to rain... 
omg I'm starting to get tired of this transition to natural hair 
I hate my hair, Its to freaking knotty which makes it painful to brush but I need to brush it or otherwise it looks like lard. 
2nd exam done, yes?! went to get my hair cut and i think the guy flayed all the skin off the back of my neck with a cut-throat! 
@FireGypsy poor cookie monster.  yarn dreads...i'll have2 look in2 it 4this summer. u know what itches like hell? hair colour remover.gah!
@brownsmoke09 3 brilliant things! unfortunately I am unable to grown facial hair 
i want to so bad mess around wif my hair and fix(cut) but i want it to grow longer so no cutting for me 
i want another tattoo 
I'm having a really bad hair day  looks like fucking candyfloss!
hates her new haircut LOL!  http://plurk.com/p/vfa9l
@maysiefurs I miss having pink hair myself! 
 -strokes fake beard-
@ecarter37 I got sticky uppy hair guid.....  xxx
my hair smells burned. 
I have a cat hair caught in #mypenis and it's watering up and all red and puffy now. 
I now have a fringe and it looks great, but .... I think I've just committed myself to blow drying my hair every single day 
hurry up, bangs! grow fasterrr!!! pretty pleeeease? 
My hair appt has been cancelled...I am bummed 
Getting my hair cut today. I'm going to miss the length 
@darcydinosaur daaarcy. i don't have my piercings anymore 
work  than changing my hair... don't know what I'm gonna do yet but it should be fun!
Mikes golfing, Megans getting her hair done and we are packing to go home. 
I need my hair done...and I just noticed that. 
@Spazzyboy tryna go out but my hair not did 
@CherryPiePunk i like bleaching my hair...but ive decided that now its a bit longer it looks stoopid blonde 
@danphilpott I will keep the superglue out of reach! He is a little rocker at the moment with long hair, will be a shame to see it cut 
@avasmommy That is a great hairstyle! I wonder if I could pull it off 
I am totally having a bad hair day 
omg they have to recolor my hair all over again 
@JohnFrancisHair my hair is super straight but i love it with loose curls, they just fall out within half an hour  there has to be a trick
I'm so sad that kourtney kardashian wears fake extensions..i thought her hair was just long and beautiful 
My tattoo is itching so much, I just want to scratch it 
i'm about to delete all of my pics off of my computer.. it's like cutting off all your hair.. it'll grow back, but it's still hard to do. 
Just got my haircut- oohh.. And now it's raining. 
its madd nasty outside ewww I hate havin to put my hair in a ponytail but I really have no choice 
I washes my hair today and it was really curly and pretty ... then it dried like a hard brillo pad and turned into a frizzy afro. 
@dhabz haha oh i hate rubber bands in hair! they REALLY hurt! im sorry 
@kyza you'll find pretty girls with large cleavage will get asked but always let off. my hairy moobs don't do the trick. 
@JazzBuddafly not funny!  i think its the curls....
I  need a product that keeps my hair curly   Not frizzy woolly mammoth mess 
didn't get my eyebrows tamed 
got a haircut. if you call like, 3 centimeters a hair cut. more like a trim. i'm disappointed  i wanted my hari to be shoulder length...
http://twitpic.com/65yzt - look at me with my cool long dark brown hair! oh and also my bangs! now my hair wont grow 
I cut my hair  it's shorter and definitely brown hahaha I'm going lighter when I have it longer
nobody wants to talk to me.   Is it 'cause my hair's too big...... http://twitpic.com/661c9
My skin is looking terrible. 
so i showered but i DIDNR dry my hair &amp;now my pillow's all wet 
so i showered but DIDNT dry my hair &amp;now my pillow's all wet 
it's 11pm &amp; i reminded my wife she was supposed to give me new #hair earlier. she said i must stay up late for hair cuz i look ridiculous 
@blood_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?
we can get a temporary tattoo. I would be totally sad if he died. 
its raining  now my hair will gett all gay
i have the biggest headache right now, i washed my hair wif mum's shampoo and now it's gross  i like my shampoo way better
I think I've finally reached the point in my life where I need a nasal hair trimmer 
I had my hair cut today and my boyfriend didn't notice.... 
All of you can have fun tweeting all day while im cleaning hair  LOL
Just had my hair cut it looks like shit 
i've been sick for the past few days  and thus, my hair looks wierd.  if i didnt have a hat on it would look... http://tinyurl.com/mnf4kw
just got a haircut, NOT happy! 
We'll watch &amp; wait &amp; tomorrow I can take anyone who needs to the dr w/o having to take everyone else....N's cheeks &amp; ears red as my hair 
@gladieator  got my hair rebonded at some korean place. dude! my hair is f'in fried! cut 5&quot; already ... now just chopping it off!!! 
@AskAroundOttawa it's annoying bc my hair products don't have perfume, but smell like the ingredients in them 
my hairs straight  lmao
My hair dresser passed away yesterday from breast cancer  She was the greatest hair dresser I'd ever been to!
@MissMelody in my opinion one gray hair is one too many... I have way too many as well 
bad hair day 
i cant believe this woman talked me into getting a different hairstyle...real talk though...i have no clue of what to do with my hair 
Almost fell asleep under the hair dryer  so tired, feel like I'm going to puke
Finally got to wash my hair! I feel much better now, but I gotta dry it ... Effffffort. 
missed my friggin hair appt!!! 
@tattoos1985 is it seven yet? 
My hair looks sooo short 
is getting her hair did shortly! and hoping everything is going well for her friend currently getting surgery! 
Its so cold! I wish @shelby_says or @tattoos1985 were here to cuddle with me 
Getting my hair done...missing him 
**i hate my hair hiss tee, I feel like I shuld hang out in the ghetto wid dis style  
nice hair and nowhere to go 
I had my hair in a messy ponytail all day &amp; I took it out just now and it looks really nice (: but still messy 
My tattoo is ticklish 
Just saw my boo he went back to work now time to do my hair but it's going to rain WTF 
@EvilKimIsEvil I was sad to hear they shaved too  I really liked the beards. I feel like I'm in the minority.
my skin is burning up so much 
I want a hair cut but my mom wont cut it 
@_micster  How the hell does your hair not fall out constantly?
Ouch...waited to long to get eyebrows waxed 
 goodbye hair length
You can't headbang when you have no hair  #fb
Now my hair smells like cigarettes not a good look. 
I'm tired. I'm getting my hair did tomorrow. I have to wake up before 12. 
i miss someone real bad with purple hair! 
dead dead hair 
there's just nothing that'll look good with your hair color hun  you just need to style it differently
I think im all prettyfied up, but my hair is being a bitch 
I just watched gucci mane punch this girl n the face on youtube.  i dont like him n e more 
I just realized I burnt some of my hair.  boo wind and trying to light a cigarette
 i thought we might see real @GregGutfeld tattoos. #redeye
@yelyahwilliams noooo!! dont shave your head  your hair is to pretty 
now i keep thinking i feel things in my hair. 
@lpfmfan i know!! damn you mike and your awesome hair!he shouldn't have cut it 
Steaming my hair now, for some reason have early kylie in my head (over dreaming over you) go to play the cd and it's gone!!! Not happy 
@tinkerbelledust Tonks says don't forget her hair is more-or-less red at the moment  :-p
ny hair  wtf
coloured my hair....except it dosnt look any different 
getting my hair done finally, i'm sick of been orange 
Waiting for a bus to go to work. i just got a perm yesterday &amp; my hair's smelly  paranoid that the other passengers are sniffing me
@samarowais 49??? OMG no wonder my skin is burning up! And the humidity- giving my hair the 'finger in the socket' look 
Just used some hair removel cream and it work so well i'm afraid that when i wake up i wont have any legs.. 
@fashionesedaily my mom used it for my hair and yes,it's grown and black..but it gives more waviness 
needs a haircut, my hair is all over the place 
 i'm not allowed to dye my hair ginger  WHYYY dammit, ohmygod 
off to get my hair resolved  poor hair; coffee w/j; soak up the sun; ''jennifer goodbye''; mood altering...
 my hair is to dark  i didnt ask for crown im a blond i just asked for it to be a little darker... twilight !!!
Sitting under the hot ass dryer in the hair salon...one of my least favorite things to do.... 
@victoriacandy WOW!! how short? I want one too!  ... and a tattoo 
@Cazling You can wear heels, I can't shred skin  I miss you! x
Getting my hair cut by tam..then taking her to the airport 
the beard off was not where it said it was, so i guess im not competing 
i dont see me swimming with this hair..but i will put on a suit n lay around. my pimp is almost here 
@hoyle1337 I like pigtails 
i don't know whether i can say bye bye to my brown hair for mcuk.. 
Aww i forgot my straightener 
Sitting in the hair salon with my sister after not getting home till after 2am! I want to cuddle in my bed 
@michbabyy alright i guess.. the haircut rly super ugly 
had my hair dyed but doesnt look much different 
I want to get a memorial tattoo so bad but I cant afford it 
needs to wash her hair, like pronto! pimples keep on showing up on moi's forehead and it's just simply annoying. but it's almost 00:00 
No more trash stache 
My tattoo still doesn't look right... 
finally got through but my favorite stylist left  sad! haircut monday, though. yay!
@realmfox your tattoo now applies to me 
Writing in the sun an old lady told me I had dirt on my face but its just my facial hair 
Hair cut. Whatever is left.   
I have to shave me playoff beard 
ugh obsessed with @highwarlock hair, if only i had the guts to do that 
So many piercings I want... so little monies I have 
My human cut the little dreadlocks off of my neck!  I wanted to be a reggae kitteh. 
I gotta blow Out then flat iron my hair.. That might take a while 
why did i rush from the airport lookin a mess and hair/makeup are late, i though i was gon be somewhat ready by the time people showed up 
Tinker had a tick.  He'll have a new haircut soon!
@kialana i need to start back waxing..i got lazy and went back to shaving and that's never good 
I am mad at the sun. Its makeing my hair brown ..l.. 
I'm going to have a real hard time combing my hair out  all these curls bobby pins and twisties huh...
@YiyannaLive yo i want one of those lacefronts so bad lol but dont u hafta wear makeup? i dnt wear makeup 
My momma cut my hair and i think she cut waaaay too much 
i got wet in town  and my hair went EXTREMLY curly http://tinyurl.com/mmjmfg
My hair was so cute when it was still a little wet. The under layers were straight and the top layers were wavy. But now it's all dry  Lol
got a haircut &amp; doesn't like it 
my mom doesnt let me dye my hair black 
what did I do to deserve thiss, being stuck under a dryer that smells like pee in a hair salon?!? All I wanted was a new style! 
I don't have enough hair for a fauxhawk.  http://yfrog.com/5f1opgj
@Strawburry17  bad for you, but i cant wait to see your hair!
awh my hairs gone blonder today  I think imma need to wear a hat or something to stop stupid sun changing my hair colour 
Just squirted myself in the eye w/ hairdye. These are not problems I should have. No one should let me do my own hair. F-ng economy. 
My shoot got canceled because the heat was making me sweat so much, my makeup disappeared and my hair got all fucked up. 
i want to see his new haircut 
@Savvybay tattoos for me??? hhmmmmm.....i dont think im brave enough, lol. it'll hurt 
I dyed my hair it doesnt look any diff though 
scott's finally getting his hair cut...soooo short 
I hate doing character descriptions  how to describe indian skin without being racist?
where'd all my hair go 
@_erica Your hair looks very nice! Wish I had wavy hair 
the stress in my life is causing my hair to fall out in epic proportions 
i did my hair, makeup, picked an outfit all waiting to have a blast tonight but i guess somethings arnt meant to happen. 
I haven't heard from @_needcaffeine. I hope his neighbors didn't kill them &amp; make skin suits out of their flesh.   I was going to do that 
dwight howard has some nice skin!! but still sad 
Just finished with my budget... no more getting my nails or hair did  but a new apartment awaits me so it's worth it I hope
My skin is so hot 
@amelliathebeast i know  you cut my hair and it flicks now! I am forever greatful for this gorgeous flick
@velvethammer he is busy with having a date night...worried about his own skin...not ours...'sides..he is putting skin in..our taxes 
i started using mane and tail again i miss my hair so much  is jonesing to go to the book store......i need my book fix!
all good, im getting there!! also was trying to watch chonny, but stuffed up  he got a hair cut?? why was i not informed!!
eww i have sand in my hair 
- new haircut, it's shorter 
@Johnnyacop oh but your hair is so pretty! 
Wishing I was out on a long hack getting sweaty hat hair, finding wee jumps... Suddenly wishing I was 15 again 
is how her hair looks 
i am lookin a drunkin mess...hair not brushed...clothes stained n not matching...ugh 
help  I have a pen stuck in my hair  http://tinyurl.com/m48pyo
's freckles are out! 
just finished colouring my hair i had to way to much grey popping up and i'm not even 30 yet 
I'm giving up on the dream of sporting a beard, and having a shave.. *sniff* 
Just came from my lola`s house. All my male cousins were pulling my hair. 
Just came from my lola`s house. All my male cousins were pulling my hair. 
@MickPuck I went diving with some Germans last week. Two of them sported entirely non-ironic rat-tail hair-don'ts 
my hair being a bitch to mee 
short hair tips: don't fall asleep with slightly damp hair, and the toss and turn - you will resemble a troll. or a gremlin. 
Up early once again, very low key weekend... excited about my hair &amp; my face getting better! Not excited for a serious convo later 
i want another tattoo 
@xxamyrooxx My freckles are out 
is not sure about her haircut 
@tattoos1985 you shut up! 
my hair is a mess 
is totally not happy with her new haircut! 
I got soy caramel latte in my hair 
@omgsage :o -gasp- you old wrinkly cougar -slaps you- omg  im dying my hair ...again. my eybrows are burningggg
OOPS! I died my hair the wrong color..... 
@buckhollywood I'm going to miss it! I'm going to get my hair cut! 
The guy next to me at the library has so much cat hair on him that I'm literally having an allergic reaction 
ive lost my hair mooouse?!  hmmm 
still missing her lost makeup .. 
i dunno what to do might do some homework when mum goes downstairs xoxox lol i hate my new hair cut  xoxox
@jorjafoxonline  I really wish she didnt get her hair done like that  she looked so much better with it shoulder length and straight
i think dying and straightening hair in the summer is a pain... cant someone PLEASE bring curly frizz back into fashion 
the new me   in the sun my hair is plum    inside its just darker  
After swimming I think the purple is pretty much washed outta my hair now 
my hair is SO gross today  i need a shower. stat.
my hair fall terus 
O..................m.....................o........................m.....................g!!!:@@@.......Wow found my 1st white hair  wow 
; getting mad at my skin, =.= wishing that it'll all be clear soon 
@jjlangley I just saw meg fox on red carpet and it's the worst I have seen her  I did NOT like her hair boo
my mom says sallys is closed so i cant get my hair dye today 
greentea shampoo and coconut conditioner. my hair smells deliciouss. watching tv &amp; missing @patricklol 
getting hair braided... back to work tomorrow. 
@RobPattzNews man rob is just sitting there running his hand through his hair.. gah! I want to be there too  following all your tweets
@CynthiaBuroughs  falsies
@banshee4711 Giggity! I am so torn. Ive gone 9 mnths w/o dying my hair and its starting to actually get healthy &amp; thick! But I miss color 
@optimistic_vamp he did lose that boyish cute look!! I think it was the combined effect of too many hair products and too tight jeans 
@JimCim my mother used to cut my hair when I was very young don't tell anyone  lol
The hills  lc's last episode. I'm jealous of the length of her hair.
@BonjourHoney I am in mourning for my straight hair. R.I.P.  lol.
fuck just found a grey hair in my eyebrow - don't want to turn into alistair darling in negative 
kinda annoyed that my new hair gum is hydrophobic  it means having to wash my hands with soap after i apply it. soap dries my skin ((
@ZydrateFairy Awww...  *pats back, holds hair back*
Just touched up my blonde/pink hair which is sadly damaged. Such is the life of a bleach blonde 
@suplada halos pareho nga! tho i feel like mine is shortr since i haven't had my hair this short! kakaloka. can't wash my hair until tom. 
My tattoo's so itchy 
finally perm my hair but they're too curly now! make my head look so big 
i am totally not in the mood for drying my hair. 
bad-hair-day 
its the beginning of holidays and i'm already fat, and with short hair 
I need to grow my bangs! 
what a lonely feeling at the clipper 
Brushing knots outta my hair.. ebil bunny hat.  now I have to go to bed cause it's getting too cold. *sneezes*
haha kinda dodgy dye job  damnnnn o well i guess i can just wear my hair up for a couple of weeks....
just pulled out three eyelashes!!!!!!!!!   i think i've developed a really bad habbit of pulling them out!!
my hair doesnt look as good as it did when it was first cut 
think I'm going to color my hair darkbrown...... close to black. but i dunno... I want new pants also.. 
i dyed my hair last night and i used a different color that was lighter and im soooooo not digging it. my hair looks gross 
You can't make a silk purse with a pigs ear. But you can make a pigs ear if you cut your own hair with wallpapering scissors  fucked off
Flat ironed my daughter hair today when I turn to ponytail holders and turned back it was back curly 
all my freckles have come out 
@Shelltroy I hung out washing and I could feel my skin burning 
i hate straiighteennnin my hair ii burned my toes  !!! _dont even ask how i did thattt gotta finish gettn readyy
I took my braids out again and my dreads are now up to 4 inches!! to bad my hair looks crazt today though 
new haircut much shorter 
I meant hairy cat hair... oh forget it!!! 
@sparkyannc we were aiming for the synchro haircut record, we didn't get it. 
oh how i'm missing my long hair 
it's time to chop off the hair, I'm getting daily migraines! 
@Jocassels will try again later...haircut has been forced on me 
I smell like mustard, my hair is drenched and my shirt is covered in black stuff from the dumass food fight  I got hit before everyone lol
http://twitpic.com/6esy2 - troll hair. 
@changibedsheets But you need to get rid of the blond hair bb 
eep! running late! no time to make the pink hair look pretty 
@Chasitycrisp http://twitpic.com/6eekg -  i miss the hair ....but cute pic wish he was alllllll minnnnnnnnnnneeeee
sad.. no one notices/comments on my newly dirty blond hair  Thats what i get for working w/ a bunch of engineers #fb
I need a haircut 
i dont know what i whant to today i just spent 6,000 dollars on my nails and hair and ow i am stuck not knowing what to do 
Trying to cheer youngest daughter up with cup of tea after she just bleached her hair whiter than white and she hates it oooooops 
Why haven't my freckles joined together yet  #fb
@sophieharding jasper's curly hair! it's really annoying me, i liked his hair in the other movie  also jackson in general distracts me...
I wish I could grow a beard 
rockin black squared earrings that cannot be seen at all due to the dark complexion of my skin. 
I found my first gray hair today! 
i singed my hair while making spagetti....again  remind me to wear a ponytail the next time i'm near a stove
My gotti hair is gone  back to the summer fade
@LisaMRicci l love the cut and the colors..looks perfect..I would love to have that cut..but my hair is way to thin for it 
bejewelled is amazing, and why didnt i wash my hair last night  fml
Refreshing the pink in my hair....should look good for a week or so.... 
is thinkin about cuttin her hair again! sidenote miss being caked up! 
@rosyblue It just does to me what I imagine it does to them, with the hair on the back of my neck stand up 
@SoSweetTT no I believe her I was tweetin bout the ignant women on tyra teachin their kids about 'good and bad hair' 3yr old gettin perms 
I got a haircut. I hate it, it's to short 
ahhh my hair isnt straight anymore 
@flossa i'm jealous.  my hair is too thin to do anything at all with. it's pathetic.
@ItZAllAbWtMe fair enuf.  was ment to hav hair comp 2moro mornn but hairdresser hurt herself so now hav 2 listen to brian
I got a freaken haircut 
i wanna go to bed but i can't...still takin my daughter's hair out 
wants to kill the haircutting lady. she screwed up my hair 
Bad hair day , 
is cutting your nails off like cutting all your hair off??? cuz I am crying a little bit 
I went to the store to buy razors, but I forgot the shaving cream 
my hair feels ew  chocolate pudding here i come
http://twitpic.com/6gb0s - i miss my long hair 
i cut my hair short! after 18 long years together.. 
Before i knock thee f out: So that one dude with the hair, two eyeballs, limbs and to top it all off nice attitude is gone  ohmagod! I ...
i have two gray hairs...and im only 22 
can't sleep . I need someone to play with my hair .. 
doing the hair, make-up &amp; whatnot&lt;3. frigg i wish i was lucky enough to have someone else do it for me .. 
I need someone to dye my hair pink ! This is really gay 
bah i have hayfever  trying to hide my sunburn with my hair....really not working though
i sun-burned my moobs 
morning all!!!! I regret having cut my hair. I regret really very much. I hate my new head. I miss my long hair. 
Now that I've washed my hair, I've lost the crazy style. 
having a bad hair day 
I shouldn't have cut my hair.  I look like a primary school kid with a bad haircut.
I shouldn't have cut my hair.  I look like a primary school kid with a bad haircut. All I need now are bangs.
bad hair day. uuggghh 
want a new hair style....but don't know what  http://tinyurl.com/noj442
-im scaaaaared  I hate short hair...i LOVE long hair *sniffles* wwwhhhhyyyyyy!!!!!
@sophieholly i burn soo mcuh! i burn peal then just go back white  it's truely shizzle!i've got pale skin though, so i burn like a bitch
@Meezyy  you're right. k lemme go wash my hair &amp; i will BBM you when i'm done
my hair looks pretty bad. the dye didn't hold as well as it normally does, so now I've got patches of blonde. 
man i hate passport photos. all that extra makeup and attention to my hair &amp; the photo still sucks!  who is that strange creature?
daaaamn i wish i had the bleach blonde back 
should i keep my hair blond? or go back to black? i need some ideas 
@emmilyhs yeah, he just cut it all off before christmas and now he regrets it!! I miss his long hair too...   It's almost to his shoulders
needs to go for a hair cut sooon ! my bob growing out 
I want a new tattoo!!! I can't hide piercings 
Freaking out because I can't find my hair dressers number, lord KNOWS I need it! 
@grapefruits lol i have dark hair and blue eyes.  it's not that tho, i guess i'm just used to the brown so seeing blue is just...weird.
well, I've only have my hair blonde and green  for one day.  Now I have to dye it brown for my new hairstlye 
i have such a long day tomm: i have graduation practice then i have to get my hair and nails done 
woke up tired and with extremely messy hair! 
My new hair doesn't do pony tails very well  least this rootbeer float is tasty
ugh if i didnt care how i looked i wouldnt waste time doing/straightening my hair...such a long process 
my hair looks awful 
it's time for me to tone down the funk.  goodbye pink hair 
why is it that you always have the perfect hair when no one else is around to appreciate it?  my curls are *just* right right now.  
One on my tattoos itch 
@hannahdrums im not sure i know anyone with red hair  haha.
My hair can't even stay on my back its burnt that much 
the stupid rain is making my hair gross  
jared leto has a beard now omg so hot 
where is everyone?  i need someone to hold my hair...i have plague 
Dying my hair now. The wave turned out t be curls instead  sigh - http://tweet.sg
ohh another bad thig: i cant sreak my hair pink cause soem1 else is 
@elaineewing I love black hair.  Even if I had a mohawk, I wouldn't be intimidating to anybody. 
trying to bleach my hair. pretty sure i don't have enough powder left 
hates when spiders use her own hair against her  not cool!
http://twitpic.com/6isxi - want my long hair back 
today, my hair looks great. unfortunately NOT my heart! 
but i dont wanna straighten my hair 
Going to dry my hair now,  Eyes hurt sooooooooooo bad
I have to go wash my hair as it stinks from burning wood yesterday! 
argh i need my hair re-dyed my regroth looks so shit 
terribly burnt. i want my old skin tone back please 
bad hair day 
is super gutted she cant even do her hair cause of this stupid powercut! 
My fleshwound won't stop bleeeediiiiiiiiing.... aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh.............You would think the skin could just reattach.. 
@92carina he deffo dont look like @dannymcfly anymore   He needs to get normal hair again, or I might go insane!!!!
I plucked more gray hairs last night than I have ever plucked in my life  . At least my eyebrows look good now too :p
I think I reached the point when grey hair is not an abnormality, but a sign of aging. Gahhh 
@imsoharlembitch nothing just missing my baby and a lil aggy that my hair apt got pushed to this eve 
@getdirtyDIANNE I wish, I need a haircut  but I izz brokeee.
@torimain give up and photoshop it... or use a ton of hairs and fill hairs until it looks good. It's not easy to make C4D grass look good 
waiting to find out is no fun...   but i should be getting my hair cut so soon!
trying to figure out how to wear my hair next week for prom, i'll say , it's not easy 
I can't watch my hair fall 2 the floor. It hurts a little 
Doing my hair with my icky thumb was a challenge. Accidentally banged it and it's started bleeding again 
@kylefaticoni your hair looks badass. also, david carradine, oh no. 
@dreamboatann actually I dont understand me wanting lint or car hair either...so sad  a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
apparently you cant see my purple hair on pictures 
enjoying new hair cut but not paying to get my car fixed 
getting krystals, I'm starving I smell like smoke and I need to wash my hair b4 I go to bed.  oh the joy
didn't tie my hair up last night. I look a mess 
@jessiekins1 I do, my hair's grown 3 inches since I had it cut but the problem is more so with the fact the person who cut my hair failed 
everyone loves @jaykpurdy's new hair. I kinda miss the blond w a stripe of black in the back. 
I have moobs 
hates relaxers 
now i want a tattoo. But I dunno what to get 
My hairs gone 
Also men with long hair is a turn off  I prefer a dark ceasar and well groomed facial hair. LOL
i want to run...its raining...just got my hair done  ::sulks by the window::
Its just mean to spike your hair at a concert when your standing infront of somebody  http://short.to/e002
Has just realised, my hair has gone 'KAPOW' because it has dried and gone curly  i fell like a puff ball 
EUGH washed my hair at 11.45, still is not dry. but I put it up semi wet at like 4 and it's gone horrible 
have decided to colour my hair on sunday. it's too late anyway and I am too worn out to do it 
i want my mullet backk (8) stoopid rainnn!!!!!!!  
my lipgloss is actually liquid lipstick, ridiculous pigmentation and v unflattering 
@ste_routledge You would think not!but my hairs gone all big wavy and flicked out all over.not a good look for me 
@KimPorter827 the rest of what! It does what it wants. I be tryin to make it do what I want but the curls dnt listen. 
well I guess it is time to wash my big ass hair... 
@apercheddove  stupid straight hair
Best said not to get my curls put back in  but I know I need the length since it's effing cold here. Extensions IT IS!
I don't know how I should get my hair twitters!! I am so lost 
My mom only thinks i'm pretty when I brush my hair. 
There was no service  and u were doing ur hair
@VictorianQueen OOh, good. I'm glad. He made me lol as well. And swoon! But what was with the beard? I was slightly off put.  But still!=D
i hate da rain its messing up my hair 
All my curls dropped 
ugghh gonna straighten my hair  love straight hair but hate having 2 work 4 it.
@RocknRollBride pink hair when I was your age was for old ladies!. Now at 58 and a celebrant not quite suitable  my tattoo I can hide)
I'm definitely going to quit shaving my pubic hair. :| Clearly hair bumps right down there are the worst. 
dreads going outttt 
I think my girl repellant aka my beard is getting a little out of hand. I might need to shave it 
goodnight i am off 2 bed after the mask dries and i was it off.... i have an early morning have 2 do my hair my alarm is set for 5:30 
no more short hair ; dont care. my hair is back to my shoulders. almost my back   qrrr! imma cut it aqain.
soooo....my hair is 9 1/2 inches now. i wonder if i should cut 4 inches off. my hair grows too fast  i just cut it last week!
dreads packing. 
just got about 4 hours sleep, sleeping with rollers in your hair is tortuureeeeeee 
http://twitpic.com/6qe9t - I cut my bangs.  I think I'd rather I hadn't 
my hair wont go right! sighsighsigh 
went to sleep with my hair still abit wet last nigh, what a mess it is now 
@beautifulfro lend me a razor. 
so its 3am I cut my bangs bleached my hair that resulted in me fucking my hair up. what to do now... lets dye it red! I hate my life 
Waiting in the massive queue at the barbers to get my hair cut, might be a while 
off to get my hair done! text me if you'd like! I'd be really happy actually. I'll be inthe chair for like 6 hours at least 
off to get my hair done! text me if you'd like! I'd be really happy actually. I'll be inthe chair for like 6 hours at least 
Huge queue for haircut  I knew I should have come first thing!
Why is the barbers always so packed out? It is not fair, at all 
@newmediajim I completely understand. Pictures make my hair look thicker, I'm really see through thin on top.. 
looking tho hair styles, getting mine cut really really short  o well, it's for a good cause
@lee_jr man! u can't outshine me! my hair is horrible. 
ugh bad head,eyes,tummy ache.  getting my hair cut with my mom too.....
my hair looks like crap. It was so pretty before I went to buy the present, but it rained, and it ruined everything 
Walking to the barber shop to get my little brother's hair cut. 
Finally got my hair out the thread...washing time 
@bimbola16 still tho it looks stupid. And my poor mom thinks that short hair looks good on her and so her face always looks fat 
finally getting this hair done... its only 11:00 a.m. and i feel like i need a drink 
I had a dream that my hair was past shoulder length again 
@askandiwilltell I thought you was gonna do my hair!  see how you treat me!
http://twitpic.com/6r23q - I miss u so much  i miss our games, when you bother me while sleeping, when you wake me up pulling my hair. ...
My mama dem got jokes! They talkin bout my hair! Its hurting my feelings 
47 bobby pins in my hair and it hurt to take them out 
shower, hair and make up, tori's coming, then wake  rip&lt;3
I had a haircut and I hate it 
@KimKardashian I did and I missed my long hair and its almost a year and it still hasn't grown 
@KimKardashian i cut thirteen inches off my hair last year &amp; i liked it for a month then wanted my hair back  still hasnt grown back 
@KimKardashian do NOTcut your hair!!! You'll miss it 
@KimKardashian YES! and the sad part is...you'll start to miss your hair when you see someone's hair longer than yours 
@KimKardashian Don't do it!  You have THE most beautiful hair I've ever seen!  I can't even get ur effect w/ extensions.  
@KimKardashian dont cut your hair you will regret it trust me 
i accidentally decimated my sideburns trying to just slightly trim them  
@KimKardashian I had veryyyy long hair like yours I chopped it off 2 years ago n it's barely growing  don't do it!!
It looks like imma be pullin a all nighter @ this hair salon 
hate my hair 
i miss my longer bangs. 
@tasya_d, i miss ur long hair btw 
@KimKardashian i have! i had like really long hair almost to my butt but then the lady cut to my shoulders! i wanted to cry 
@bodbod Whatever happened to the first footage they made years ago, with the actress with long hair? That was a great trailer, I loved it 
@muertecaramelo thank you! I'll post a twitpic if I end up liking my hair cut.. otherwise ponytails are gonna be my bff this summer. 
My daughter (3 year old) just cut her hair, to the skin on the right side. All those gorgeous blond strands had to be cut off today! 
agg cold wet hair 
@KimKardashian yes my hair was super long and i had it cut right below my ears and it was the worst hair mistake i ever made  
@KimKardashian dont cur your hair short  its lovley long
@bitofwhimsy I'm sorry, my 5yo is that way about his hair he was all for a mohawk until he belatedly realized the sides would be gone 
dirty hair 
Never fails...I ALWAYS tear up when it I get my eyebrows threaded  oww
@harnould1906 @Songzyuuup makes me kinda sad that I'm not a red bone...I got the hair/legs/thickness but the melanin aint going nowhere 
My new hair looks even worse scrunched than it does straight. 
@KimKardashian i did i cut my hair and now i hate it 
@johannajoie well I don't think its her real hair but at the start its really long and princessy, and then they cut it, made me cringe 
I had to amputate my mullet. 
I kinda miss my long hair ;/ ok, I should stop whineing.. But it's the barbers fault 
@KimKardashian I just got my long hair cut short and I am so sorry that I did 
trying to upload a photo of my hair and makeup but twitpic wnt let me log in 
my grandpa makes fun of me because i have blonde hair and brown eyebrows 
WTF?!?!?!?! The color doesn't show up in my hair  I'm gonna do it again later and leave it in longer under heat.
The thing I hate most about having dyed hair: having to take cold showers 
can we stop while i go and wash my hair pelase:[ ill feel elft out 
My hair is all gone   http://twitpic.com/6s771
hair hair hair all weekend long....uuuuggghhhhhh!!!!!!....sometimes i just wanna say fuck it its me time!...   
Hates my hair!!!...it's black!...What was I thinking???? 
My beautician is no longer doing hair now I have to start all over 
dude i want 2 swim but my hair will dry out!  help me!
just got in an icing fight with andrew..its all in my hair 
i've got something sticky in my hair 
Ouch. I was just curling my hair and i accidentally burnt my neck  perrrffecct... now i look like i have a hickey!!
I wish I could apply my own lashes 
I told @Iceflare my skin was getting better b/c I'm eating more junkfood...she laughed 
Not sure whether to cry, pout or complain about my hair...so I've done all three...repeatedely  woe is me currently
ppl r telln me not to dye my hair dark.. 
sometimes i hate being a redhead lol but my hair is so pretty. . . cept when it looks like a dull penny. . . or i get burned. . . .bad 
Dyeing my hair hair, just stripped it, its blotchy as fuck and I needa go into town 
finally stopped playing sims3 ha the pink in my hair is already coming out  i think i messed up the dye. but redoing it next week
http://twitpic.com/6sp3a - @donniewahlberg getting on bus...that's my hair...notice bg right in front of me 
I'ma miss the feeling of long, nappy hair along my back 
My arms hurt! I hate hammer curls, bicep curls, cheese curls, press n curls, jheri curls, anything that curls... 
@KimKardashian don't cut ur hair  
is trying to decide what to do about her tattoo design.....and her hair too....its not jet black anymore 
My haircut   still pretty though  http://twitgoo.com/oj2g
@KimKardashian I did_any plan of doing so?please don't,I luv ur hair 
@KimKardashian i've done it and i found myself putting hair extensions in bc i missed my long hair 
At the current rate of facial hair growth, I should have a visible moustache/beard by my 30th birthday.  
and it's burning under my skin 
goodbye pink hair 
going to bed soon.. but i gotta blow dry my hair and everyone is sleeping. ???? 
@KimKardashian my hair used to be long and wavy like yours.and i had it cut to shoulder length.Now i miss my long hair.a little regretful 
@veggiehead21 is he really old or just a young dude in makeup? he's so creepy 
I just fucked up tracy's hair...awe 
@chadfenley too short!  I'll have to upload a pic.  It's a decent haircut....just doesn't look like him at all! 
i miss my last year's hairstyle.  aaa, i don't like my current hairstyle. looks like.. a retard. (
jus got my hair done....looks nice but i cant sleep...braids too tight 
@j_e_p same. i think they needed their hair. maybe they felt naked 
miss my old hair.  http://tinyurl.com/pqpvsl http://plurk.com/p/z0kyf
i want to draw, eat some chees and i have to wash my hair. ... choosing my priorities is harder than it should be 
hmm i wish i ddnt die my hair.. 
@thakkar Thats cool, man! I would've also loved to but unfortunately no hair on head 
@lizzieeeh ahaa we got the good bus on the way there and back when we went ;) and the nun with grey hair hates me  (she looks like an owl)
I got my hair cut. it's gotten way to short. 
has just curled her hair and its raining 
i had a dream that i had curly hair and then i brushed my hair and it turned straight again  oh poop
The dude awakens 2 a bowl of coffee =D and the hair of the dog that bit him 
wants to wash her hair everyday so it feels this soft however I do believe I would go bald 
It's kind of cool outside, which is fine by me..I have curly hair..and curly hair in hot weather is very FLAT yet FRIZZY hair 
lost my comb 
due straighteners backk 
im super sore  going to get my hair done. texts are coool.
I really need to get up and put my makeup on 
aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh my hair is a mess 
will braid her hair until she gets a haircut. this hair is hopeless. 
ugg, got a haircut 
the red/purple colour seems too have disapeared from my hair.it just looks brown again 
i wanna curl my hair, but i dont know how 
Fact: my eyebrows are starting too look like pete wentz's eyebrows again 
my bangs are so wacky lately! i have to keep pinning them up 
And I need a haircut 
I'm having a great hair and bangs day ;) lol just wait tell I go outside 
I seem to be having a bad hair day. Driving me nuts 
@samdammit I have to take meds they kill the bad cells in me but they also kill some good ones and it caused my hair to fall out already 
hate dad  I just have a shower wash and dry my hair... just about to straighten it and he tells me to walk the dog.... * pouts * :@
My bangs now remind me of spock.  they need to grow out soon, lol!
@deeliciouz that sounds lovely! I aNt my hair kissed 
i want to dye my hair right now..  my hair's gonna die 
@scoooooooooooty Think I would rather have a new tattoo though 
just got a haircut 
now that I went for a swim my hair is all un-curly (but still fluffy) 
@officialTila your tattoos are air brushed out  x
@xmollieannx I don't know if I like mine yet. I want my brown back so bad  Doesn't help that my hair is uneven.
Today @lalohovis and I lectured in mass, but we both had red hair and the priest made fun of us 
update on vaseline-in-hair situation: tried cornstarch, clarifying shampoo, dandruff shampoo, baking soda w/ baby shampoo. still greasy 
is thinking of getting a hummingbird tattoo (maybe 2).. where though 
@LindyyR my cuzin is a hair stylist an has locks her opinion kinda matters 
@dougiemcfly playmobil haha i like your hair doug, don't cut it 
had a blast at the pool!! damn I gotta do my hair a long ass process I haven't washed my own hair in forever!! 
Probably going to die in a tornado..of course my hair gets wet after I got it done 
I need a haircut.  i need more weave too.  but im poor. 
@dmeeno decent, i think he would make my 47 kids seem even more talented. I mean all i have is cool hair, how i love him. 
bad hair day 
at school just played spor and the humidty made my hair look shit and the sewat took out my hair spray 
@tommcarron  just spit it out and come back ..then again you don't have a beard now so your not the same tom 
@catchmybreathh so my hair is much lighter than the hair. kind of awkward 
@dougiemcfly you're hair look awesome like that, you don't need a hair cut 
@lilygetcrunkk awww.  ive never dyed my hair. and i wan to so badly.
Getting my haircut by an amateur 
@MelissaEGilbert I know all about hair with its own personality when unleashed except I have NO curl, it just flops. 
wow pretty much everyone i know or have meet is a whore.. WTF is this world come too...    i want my hair extentions 
http://twitpic.com/6vwep - I want my hair like this again 
My skin is screaming at me. 
just washed my hair super ghetto baptism-style.  boooo.
-commits suicide mums making my hair blonde not red. i don't want blonde! 
@Mamasbaybeh nahhh my hairs baddd!  uh  ~n0 w0RRiEs~
My hair is really dark lmao I hope it stays like it and doesn't fade this time 
: bad.hair.day blahh 
#iremember happy pants, mullets, and bad, very bad blonde hair, and rats tails.  fashion victim of the 80's!
@Ammouni noooo ammouni leaving the toilet seat up is definitely 7aram. why not suggest other things like not flushing or leaving hair too 
i need some foundation to hide my toothpaste skin 
@missmonnie i never get free makeup from my chemist! 
is gutted because she has forgotten her makeup !! Noooooooooooo 
@cateycancer ohhh??? That bad huh  u still got pink in your hair where you working??
@Schofe I have a phobia of hairs, they make me feel sick 
i hate my hair red. it looked ten million times better blonde 
has a new hairdresser, please don't ruin my hair 
bored  tired. and gotta wash my hair =/
does someone want to straighten my hair? 
I don't like having wet hair  it's gay and cold
@yohanik My beard of lust used to do this.  I miss you so much, beard!
@lasiaf no i am always too lazy to wash my hair and by the time i finnish my orders hairdressers are closed 
@Claudlaar, ah you see, my hair could never be like that... its too thick n heavy  hmm hes cute though hehe i might do it...
@_ynnie36 i feel your pain girl.. nearly 3 months later and i still hate that all my hair is gone. 
snip snip snip and my hair's significantly shorter 
My hair is still a bit greasy even though I washed it today because I ran out of shampoo so had to scrape the dregs - there wasn't enough 
i miss my epically long blonde sophomore hair 
@lessallan Did you find an intern to scratch your beard? I need that too 
@martaniuk ohh didnt know.  sad i missed out on that  loved the pic the other day. rockin hair style  !!!
my scalp is burned NOT happy im in pain washin my hair 
i got drenched by the rain in pe . and my hair went curly 
My hair is drying in nice soft waves! I'm hoping it doesn't turn into a big frizzball. I want to wear it like this tonight. Silly frizz. 
momdukes making me cut the mane today. imma miss this head full ofamazing curls 
@xSKYLINES  lol same here, i don't wanna cut my hair. i'm growing it like i did years ago.
crap i need to blow dry my hair 
@taliemarie omg i hate my hair in that picture. it all blew in my face. actual bad times, i may cut it off 
Working...need to shave, do eyebrowsl and get a haircut. 
@_kimcaldwell i just saw ur message 2 me! yes popstarts u had long beautiful hair, i loved u on there and on idol! so mad when u were cut 
is dying the barnet. ;D laters reddddddd. 
i'm so self-conscious about my skin right now. what the heck is going on? 
i'm just wondering when my hair will get that bit of longer. 
@lovepink86 the least you can do is get your brows done. i JUST walked out from there. i was looking wicked.  35 aint that old.
my hair looks like crap as usual 
@reemerband cant believe you like pixie, seriously 
just had fries..and is sulking over her frikkin straight hair 
I miss my mustache.. 
@wraithfodder That explains a lot, noticed gray hair since I was 18, got more now that I am 30! 
Every time i wash my hair the purple streaks look more blonde.... noticeably more blonde  even with color protecting shampoo  
Just had a ricdiculously long and amazing nap. Just realized I slept through my hair appt. 
@leddy2286 well im fearing that the blonde hair colour may have damaged my brain cells  lol. getting my groove on to KIGH woop 
cant wait for my hair to grow and be pretty again. 
i hate taking out my braids 
the top of my head is sunburnt. it hurts when i brush my hair 
my hairs wet 
On a mission...to find a hair waver...2 stores so far &amp; nada... 
I just realized that I have dog hair alll over me!!! And its raining I pobably smell like a wet dog! 
why does keeping trim have to be so bloody long/hard/penis-like. 
My obsession with eyebrows is grwoing i really need to go to mac  xxx
@gypsydancer13 wow girl look at that old phone in the pic! you look cute with bangs! HOW do you get the ringlets? not like I can do it  ha
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/7hbnl - did you cut ur hair????  look good tho
omg!  3 days tll blonde hair with purple and blue highlights! XD 2 exams first tho 
really can't afford to get the locks changed 
Bad hair day 
@effperiod how many tattoos do you have? I could barely stand my little one. 
I burnt my cheek with the hair straighning iron 
omg my hair is totally messeeeeeeeed ! 
http://twitpic.com/7id9f - looking @ some old pics, i def am never cuttin my hair again HUMPHH!!! 
i look fugly  i got a hair cut thats up to my shoulders 
Overslept. no curls, rings, perfume &amp; makeup  
@unntouchedd  don't worry. hes just jealous because you're a million times better at putting on makeup than he is !
i don't want to buy my makeup no more 
i want my hair to be this brown again!!!!!  i miss it: http://i43.tinypic.com/2ag67vo.jpg
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/3pwy7 - ohmy, i swear your hair is ALWAYS perfect. I`m jealous !  Yourrrr simply a stunner.
@djramen I think my bangs just remind me of a past haircut disaster, so it makes me sad.  I'll get over it. Thanks. =/
Waiting....I hate when I straighten my hair it never stay super straight all day 
French braiding is hard 
My tattoo is itchy. 
i REALLY wish my hair would naturally flip the way i want it to 
@BlkSportsOnline celebs should also be banned from that hairstyle 
http://twitpic.com/7iq3o - short hair 
@victorcina well that certainly isn't your fault. I'm hanging onto my job by the hair of my chinny chin chin! 
I tried to colour my hair blue yesterday... such a pity my naturally goth black hair are so hard to change.... 
i think imma wear pigtails n my hair tomorrow!....and i think ate my cheeseburger too fast uggggghhhhh  
not used to my layered haircut now 
@NickyMcB haha I think that would be pretty great! I have never died my hair an awesome colour 
@sittakarina Do you have any suggestion for a prom night medium-hair hair-do? I dunno how should i style my hair 
I miss the freedom of teasing my hair as high as I wanted in missouri. No one teases their hair in california 
My straigtners broke so what the hell do I do with my hair this morning, not good 
http://twitpic.com/7j1e8 - i miss my hair being like this.  i cant wait for it to grow out again.
@myopicjoe if it were baby C I'd be even more upset. C's fair &amp; T got darker skin genes. Even so his back is red &amp; hurting him 
had to walk in the rain today  oh poo my hair's gone all puffy and curly! Also my umbrella broke and my bag's soaked
i want another tattoo so badly 
@cyberprvideo I'm tired of having the same hair style everyday 
Decided it might be a good idea to misjudge where by hair was &amp; prod my neck with my hair straightener this morning. Ouchee 
I want a tattoo. 
had a hair cut and looked the same  boring !
i hate my hair, i needs somehting being done with it  x
I want another tattoo. 
@sancta_terra - you should! I miss having exciting hair, and when I'm a teacher it won't be possible 
@riversideboy i would if i could!! i have a hair appoitment at 1:20  xo
yesterday was the first time i had to go outside with my hair up, cause i was at soccer camp. well short hair = burnt neck 
This weekend with my girl has changed me.  There is conditioner.  In my hair.  It is silky and smooth.  I'm scared 
straighting my hair  skool tomz 
is disgusted becoz her hair stinks of icecream that dropped on her hair 
@runfromzelda at least you can wear lotion so your skin doesn't get dry. here, you'd sweat the lotion off by the time you leave home. 
My hair is falling out in record amounts. 
Curling my hair .. burnt myself 3times already  xx
having a bad hair day! 
goin 2 get my hair cut 
new haircut. very ugly 
I like em long hair, thick, red bone. Why u had to go n do that. Short hair, thick, red bone don't sound the same 
five more years of having pink hair on my passport 
i miss my loong hair 
@pixie75 it really is! 
skin is peeling really bad. 
I'm like totally breaking out in zits. 
I never get dressed anymore or get ready anymore water polo makes stop  my hair is a mess haha
@Jezriyah lol. I want the mohawk-style female troll hair on my lock 
hates her hair... 
is so depressed n doesnt know what to do with her damn hair .. 
angelus is the sex!!!!!  i wants to nibble on his arm hair!
Bad hair day...literally. 
new haircut looks good! it turns out my suitcase is too small  and i got soooooo little pounds for sooooo many euros...bad :/
aggghhhh! my hair straightener broke 
really bad hair day 
Heading to work in the shirt i wore to bed and ridic amounts of product in my hair that i havent washed out yet. Obv i just dgaf today 
@apaerie umm matt skiba is my husband. are you asking me if i think my husband is cute? i miss is full black hair! he's balding now. 
My hair is almost done I'm so excited then back to the room to finish a movie 4 class &amp; to write a paper for religion  blah
#iconfess i def. do have the keri hilson hair style in the turning me on video....not on purpose and now im    ...nothing against her
Its raining so hard and I have my good hair in 
omg. i had a gray hair right in the front of my head  i'm turning into my mom!
wishes he brought an umbrella.   Dangit rain, I just did my hair!
Just got my daughter a hair cut and she looks like a teenie bopper! 
Plucking the brows.. ouch 
Just got my haircut. 
@crissangel noooooooooo your pretty hair why did u do that?? 
At pita jungle with jeer. We are going to see drag me to hell. He keeps bashing my new hair! 
mom is getting her hair cut off 
This job is causing unwanted hair color. 
@JackAllTimeLow really, ahh i liked his curly locks  twitpic?
@kristinnsmith  I know, right? I hope it fades out to a dark brown...... or i'll have to redye it which is terrible for hair........ 
got a haircut...I haven't decided if I like the new length...I miss my damaged long locks! 
i look gross... that gurl asked if i had skin cancer..... 
im tired, and i still have to clean  and i hate that my hair doesnt hold color... there is a difference but not much, oh well
@crissangel miss the long hair and the blonde!  
want to take this towel off my head but my hair is not dry  bleh thick hair.
i hate my freaking hair, it's so curly! 
I had to shave my beard already......so young too 
i wish dying your own hair was as easy........my face and scalp are all green, pink and black &gt; and tomorrow is my birthday 
@TonyLovesRaevyn im not cute unless u do my hair  lol
lifes really getting away from you when your day of consists of buying hair product and maybe a washing basket 
@livee_tan no they stick. did they get on your skin? 
@leetmarie Giiiiiiiiiiiirl its just a monsterr. I'm just over it taking 2 days for my hair to dry completely. I miss my white girl hair 
@beaniewasmyname hahaha that's what i made it sound like! but i got my hair cut really short, got a sunburn, and now it's all flaky 
needs her hair to be blonde before it will turn pink 
@TomFelton platinum is a bitch....i burned my scalp once really bad....it was very strange...and hurty 
shit i really need to get my hair cut 
@kmjacobsen lol dude.. I have paint all in my hair. 
Just dyed my hair red and turned out to be a complete mess 
@lamborghiniT well i aint got no tatts 
scruffy-blond-hair is leaving on friday 
my hair looks like shit. 
@xoxodashsaar curls everywhere! 
Wish I had a better haircut. 
good morning babiesss. i don't feel like straightening my hair that takes 45 min. 
@jezhiggins I've let my hair grow a bit longer and noticed I've got a few grey hairs - age marches on for us all 
@huihuis wah highlighting ur hair again ah? 
have an allergy cold and have to go to work  and can't wait to get my hair done on friday!!!
washing ym hair (N)   be back soon 
bad hair day 
must NOT go to sleep with wet hair tonight, we allll know how that turns out 
wants to grow a beard so bad... but darn my facial hair just refuse to grow   http://plurk.com/p/11m3og
i hate my skin. seriously. some people hate their hair, some people hate their height. but i'd give anything for nice skin. 
its a side fringe,and i can see my temple.i'm never letting anyone else cut my hair ever again. 
@cassidystarship Haha it sure is, im a very lazy person though , i wash my hair wayyyy to often to try that though 
so i got a bad hair cut and im going to a little black dress party tomorrow and idk how to do my hair 
Is distraught that this rain has frizzed the only parts of my hair I didn't let the perm sit in long enough.       *sighs*
@marcusflint LOL, i know, right? i have to stick to a quote from twelfth night.  even if my sister's hair looks like wire.
I started pulling my eyelashes again... 
my hair is not looking it's best  and i really can't afford a trip to the hairdressers grrr! #squarespace
wish my hair would stop falling out 
At bart freezing and my hair has blown to hell 
Just took a shower and all the red washed out of my hair.  imma re do it'..
bad hair day is an understatement. 
at the apple store round 2. amazing facial hair boy is not here 
@MsElvisFrshly lmao!! porcelain china doll??? It took me forever to get my hair line right...6th grade n shit. I don't want it to go away 
haircut isnt short enough, poop! 
shave or dye. 
Getting ready for the day, I miss my hair extensions 
I wish I liked myself more....  Also, I'm no longer crazy about my hair, and it makes me sad...
Why do I have ugly bangs todayyy! 
my hair smells like man 
OUch something was stuck in my hair  it has been removed.. along with half of my hair!
@megan_ellenx I do it's just that the pollen stays on your skin 
My tattoo is fading 
i want a new tattoo 
finished picking up my dogs hair. time for the dishes! 
might get my hair cut today, depends if i feel like getting rid of all my baby curls by midday 
@_missnicole lolz well you are sorta, nightmares  and darker hair? why no time?
sittin at the hair salon,watching some lady get her feet done 
@GeoffTheHint I didn't see your, but I don't like mustaches. Please, shave it.  lol
No twitter for weeks  sacralige, more dreadful is my hair  dam I need my hairdresser bad, being broke sucks more
@GLAMOURSORUSREX I still havent done the front of my hair from when we went swimming, its sooo puffy.. LOL 
@lovelessandmore looking different with brown hair but just as good ;) loose women started early 
@hBiC_730 i've had too much of his shit. I'm getting ready to start pulling my hair out. 
I want my hair to grow back to the way it was in this picture... 
toddler is throwing a knock down tantrum. pulled my hair &amp; scratched my face. WTH??? out of no where.  
@e_v_m  i dont like you. but your hair looks pretty &lt;3
i'm thinking i'll need a wig if i go to pride...gawd.. it'll be so hot with a wig on 
 doesn't know what to get fir a tattoo
piece of advice...don't go to the beauty shop w/ your computer when your getting a hair cut, I have strands of hair all in the keyboard 
I'm giving up on moisturizing my pale ass skin until its tan again.  What happened to my beautiful tan!!!! 
@semipenguin wow! annie lenox looks pretty hawt with short hair! alas, my face is too masculine to pull that off 
@subes01 I like the goatee, don't shave it 
No tattoo for me tonight 
i will NOT use a razor to shave my eyebrows! 
Loving myself right now. Just that i seems to have alot of bad hair days lately 
@wishicouldwait_ agh! feel your pain, my hair is so crap curls last like 3 min  sucks to be us. lady gaga did it but i think hers is a wig
sore from hair to toe nails from cheerleading, cant even walk downstairs 
My hair is short and I look like a little kid  change is good.
@SarahSmiles99 like the tongue piercing I had a week, hubby threatened to never kiss me again w/piercings  he hates tattoos &amp; piercings 
24 today!! I'm getting old  I've half a head of grey hairs that I disguise with hair gel.
@EmsySinclair  Ahhh see its messing with my head, I need to go shopping too as well as go to the sunbeds and dye my hair  no time to r ...
Another wet hair ponytail day! I need to set my alarm earlier   maybe 2:15 instead? I don't wanna work!
I miss dressing up and wearing fake eyelashes and wearing ten layers of makeup 
@CatatonicCat keep your hair in check when the roof's off? I look like i've got a fro if I don't wear a hat 
My current shampoo is making my hair look and feel dreadful. So tangled and not shiny. 
Bad luck with beauty brands continues... bought a leave in conditioner that makes my hair feel like straw 
@PeterPaega @karmachord I started growing a beard but it came out ginger so I had to stop 
i have a grey hair in my goatee...  im old  
is thinkin that her hair looks very dark today 
burnt my thumb so bad on my hair straightener this morning... doing girlie things can be dangerous sometimes 
@minxkitty I should have known it was a mistake with jokes - girl decided to have laugh with my haircut 
bored, and need a haircut  might go skate soon
@ispunk I use to let my husband @lambstefani cut my hair when we would get drunk. 
hate my new haircolor. damn 
No tattoos for me and lrnn yet 
ok so hair washed, no beats  now for the great run from hairdressers to jobcentre....GiRoooo!!!
@SusieSprinkle can't stand that when u have been around it long enuf u smell like it and when u turn ur head u smell ur own hair  ughhhh
aw man...i totally just broke my hair tie  lol...that upsets me more than it should.
@shabbychicky I've now got 3 grey hairs  although apparently (according to my hairdresser) we are doing very well for our age!
none of you have said wether you like my new hair or not  - http://twitpic.com/7p5dn
i want a tattoo 
I need a haircut. 
i have  a load of syrup in my hair 
just washed my hair, wish i had a personal hair dresser to dry it, ohhh so dont want to do it myself 
i've never been a fan of straightening my hair, today i tryed and failed and have the frizzyest hair eva 
My hair stuff in my bag has spilt on my phone and now i have to bash the buttons to make it work. 
shitty client  you cant go blonde in an hour if you have black hair. eugh.
is gettin the nails and hair did! and needs a freaking job 
I have a hair appt at 3.  sister is still sleeping.  
i hate my haircut 
Awee, one of my braids came outt 
Everybodies laughed at my hair so far  Serves me right for wanting change.
#ihate receding hairlines &amp; braids...NEVER a good look 
is thinking it's &quot;Supercuts&quot; time again. Why am I dragging my feet so much in looking for a hair stylist? I hate Supercuts and their ilk. 
has short hair now  i miss my boyfriend... i feel like a trip to america tbh!!
damn u empire made me miss my boo by a hair 
Ahhh, new hair!!! I also have been writing down songs to download and have an eye infection!!!   I shall... http://tinyurl.com/klgtkx
@pdxlilly I like that haircut too.  Unfortunately I don't think I have the right kind of hair for it. 
Bad hair day (n)  http://tinyurl.com/myrvl4
fuck, my hair dryer has just dyed...Not cool.. 
Getting my hair done will proly e stuck at this salon allday 
too bored n too lazy...at least i didnt bother goin 2 de hair salon cuz weather sucks major 
@msashleyvee omg, mommy, who's cutting your hair!? don't cut it 
@NickkkJonasss sorry your hair isn't done  I promise u won't have a big blob on hour head http://twitpic.com/7qrh5
It's always the old ladies that comment on my red hair, never the young ones!! 
I want long hair! asap  stupid short-ish hair
loving lines vines and trying times... got my hair trimmed they took alot off 
@Boogiesecrets I wish I had the funds to get my hair done by you 
@stellarBELLZ wheew I can't let my hair air dry  gonna be breaking combs and shit trying to comb it out if I don't have a perm ).
hahahaha is i wish my hair wouldnt frizz when it got wet 
Brazilian keratin treatment apparently means no washing your hair for 4 days. It's only day two and I'm already stringy and greaser gross 
@KarolinaGirlX @nikkidreams personally I prefer to save for natural extensions specially 4 going out, wigs are fun but not 2 be respected 
@ddlovato wow u look so pretty!! i wish i could go  i love selena's hair!!  hope you have fun(for me!!)
http://twitpic.com/7r4cm - I wish my hair was like that again 
i love my purple hair D: why cant my parents under stand that  i dont want them to hate it ....
Wish I had left my hair dead at the ends instead of having it cut. I miss it long! 
i want my hair to be looooong again! 
still very sad about my piercings. 
i hate plucking my eyebrows 
Why does swimming dry out my skin so bad? 
(cont) shaving before I wet shaved because I had man-hair and now my legs are all razor burned and sore... *sigh* I just suck.  *hugs*
My henna tats are fading 
@NeverMinceWords Aw, lots of gingivitis?  (your hair couldn't handle how sexytastic you are)
finally off work! Now I need to hurry up and get dressed.... wish I had debbie to curl my hair  lol
is a sad bunny. and all this crying is fucking up my makeup. my makeup actually looked good today 
I want a tattoo 
@DatGurLiZpoYzuN gurl I went to get my hair donri don't like it look like dierrah green yelow orage n brown the worse case of dierreah 
@ConvertSpndthft I got slave hair &amp; there aint nothing I can do about it. 
just now starting on my hair..... i have a feeling imma be up aaaaalll night  help me
they cut off all my gansta fur dreads     never getting my fur trimmed again
LOL, there was a small piece of cabbage in my hair.  Wtf?!
@sashaalexandria So I did your hair !@#$% and thats how you act 
I hate pimples, I hate my sister for jinxing me and my once flawless skin 
bad hair day 
#inaperfectworld I would never have to wrap my hair at night and flat iron it before I go out 
argh! facebook is being annoying! or is it the internet connection? &amp; boo, love is cutting his hair. i'll miss that hair of his 
looking through grant.gov info...i'd rather pull my hair out 
@dawn_sleeper oooh! I want to cut mine too but i can't.   I have to wait after the wedding to have my hair cut!
I've got my bad hair day 
.........I hate washing my hair myself 
bad hair day.. 
ugh, so disappointed in my hair right now.... it doesn't even look like i did anything to it &gt; 
colored my hair and lost the straight look 
eh bored hair dye smells really funny  it also gives headaches 
Oh god black clouds looming, and my hair looks half decent too 
owyeash.. hairdryer rusak.. bad hair day menanti..!! 
really big hair! ran out of mascara with only one eye done 
yesterday reeked havoc on my hair - it turned into a giant monster of frizz 
yesterday reeked havoc on my hair - it turned into a giant frizzy monster 
totally just cut my hair dude, then one side was longer then the other so i just kept cutting and cutting, 6 inches later im almost bald 
got my hair cut!! and the boy insisted I didn't! 
@rachel_laurent sure when is it due because i have to go out to have my hair cut now  i have twitter on my phone so x
@sukazhafira hahahaha! it can be very very bosan!  but i'm still getting my hair done :L hahahah!
hates her new haircut 
i am sleepy and tired but my hair is wet and i cant sleep and no i dont blow dry cos its bad. also i want to spend some money 
how come if i try to have a new myspace skin it doesnt work, and i cant find were i out the code for the skin i have now 
@nikki721 Right. I hate that about my hair too! That's y I'm confused   I'm sick of ponytails!
@lowlyy REALLY? jeez that's not cool.  it's for real.. the short black hair.
honestly, I think k's old hairstyle is better than the new one, sorry k 
I hate my cowlick. 
Just got out of shower blowdrying my hair debating straitening it have nothing planned  :] &lt;3
i have a picture of nancy spungen on my tshirt and its scary ..my make up is all runny and my hair is messy ..i look quite like her  !
@justin_smile i have no hair  did you
http://twitpic.com/7t2wk you can kinda see my scene hair! was really big earlier but the wind has flattened it  (@rachel_hills)
I want to go somewhere so bad, but i look so bad because i need a haircut which is kinda forcing me to stay in, but its so beautiful out! 
just broke my chi...mid way through straightening my hair 
@1Omarion did you ever regret cutting off your braid? how long did you think about it before cutting them? i regret my haircut, too short 
@1Omarion did you ever regret cutting off your braids? how long did you think about it before cutting them? i regret my haircut too short 
My hair is breaking apart at an alarming rate 
Sitting and waiting very impatiently at the Hair Salon. When will I learn to stop coming to the salon hungry? 
can't wait to get my hair cut next week. It feels so gross with its ends and the bangs are so long 
@Kippiepoo @AthenaFatale and I have the same stylist. Barfiness was not in the ahir but had to do with a bad reaction to an antibiotic. 
I screwed my hair!! ugh!! I guess you just learn from your mistakes!! 
i wish i could wear a brazilian bikini. i could work it if it werent for my skin 
http://twitpic.com/7tr7x - i want my blonde hair bacckk 
At work waiting on next hair client! She has hair down to her butt! I'm going 2 B here awhile 
My hair dresser moved out of state. What the hell am i going to do?!   
My hair's in that awkward in between stage - i'm trying to let it grow, but now is not cooperating with anything i try to do with it. 
got an alergic reaction to her hair dye. took a benedryl and is falling asleep at work 
Anyone know how to get nice sleek &amp; straight hair.... Mines so freezy 
I need a haircut 
lost one of my faulse eyelashes 
@Lbaje  i does reach u faster pon twitter than real life phone calls :O you at hair dresser?
@itboiz y thank u baby....awww i miss ya hair 
Not feeling like I look 80's enough for @DowntownSundown... guess I should have started preparing weeks ago. No denim skirts or big hair 
the burn on ear is getting worse   while flat ironing my hair I missed and got my ear  http://twitpic.com/7u87v
My hair sucks 
Holy shmoly it is gross out. How can I have cute hair for my date in all this humidity?  #squarespace
Shhiizzz i broke my eyelash curler. 
just died my hair platnum blonde not a good move i am now orange 
No matter how hard i try to straighten my hair, it still gets curly in five minutes. 
My sister has ran off with my hair drier and straighteners 
i tried to dye my hair lighter...but instead only the roots took, and now its fucking blonde roots, dark hair http://twitpic.com/7ujpn
I fell asleep with my makeup on 
@jennac0re They sell most of the hair they get to high-end salons to use as extensions. 
im such a blonde...i was blowin dryin my hair and got it stuck in the blow dryer i thought i was gonna have to cut it 
I miss da way yazzi did my hair 
@shopcora oh that was another trend I couldn't do as had such curly hair &amp; was before I discovered straightening irons! 
i know i said i'd get a haircut but i can't do it  i know i'd regret it...
just got a haircut.. 
My headband is giving me a headache but I don't wanna take it out because it's keeping my crazy unstraightened hair outta my face 
I just cut my bangs. I think its ugly 
about to get in the bath wash hair then off to bed got to be up early seeing my dad im so nervous and scared 
My hair is giving me the epic shits today 
@taymur I'm soooo sad u can't come to the movies then we could see ur hair 
morning yall. i should get my haircut right about now... say goodbye to my long hair. 
olive oil and eggs in my hair. the desperate things i do to get my hair to grow back 
My haircut isn't that great... 
@reneenicholas Oh yes. I had to put on acid-washed jeans, so it would look like I just have that freaky style instead of a bad haircut. 
excuse me. my hair is now dark red. dyed by mummy last night   -it really doesnt look that good-
:/ no beach tomorrow like planned... i have to do someone's hair for a wedding  blahh.
takin down my hair... @hooper4lyfe where u @ when i need u... 
I miss colbert's hair. 
The rollerbladers ruined our indoor party  bye hair.
i'm getting my hair done in 9 hours and i don't know what i want. 
lmao my new/old picture makes it looks like I have underarm hair.  For the record, I do not. http://tumblr.com/xvv23i8eu
haha i kno ashley but i burned my forehead with my straightener so it will hurt if i put in on 
TFLN while my hair processes. bf says the purple doesnt take that well anymore 
wendyy not makin mii a skin no more 
dyeing my hair. looks so bad 
@_sputnik but weight is so much easier to maintain than your skin! 
Getting ready to run some errands. It has been raining nonstop &amp; the humidity is ruining my hair!  But I love being with my sister!!
@Moonsinger yeah...but i do miss the hair...it was my trademark 
really wanna do this: http://bit.ly/1anIeD  to bad i don't have long hair 
@evAllTimeLow but not now cos ihavent even been wearing makeup and the weather makes my skin shitty and  hmm
getting ready to do an insurance bill out and get us paid....provided medicare doesn't make me rip out all my hair first 
doesn't have great hair anymore 
is waiting for the hair fair to start  I probably won't be able to get in at all anyway http://plurk.com/p/12czzr
i cant get rid of the chlorine smell out of my hair 
finished my hair :| it looks crap. stupid weather made it all fuzzyyy. it wont de fuz! 
http://twitpic.com/7vwb8 - miss my short hair 
@KellyRuthxo yeah I am  bored already! I want my hair done
i don`t fix my hair anymore 
@MissCay But the beard is no more! 
Sitting to get my hair cut from a small black haired beauty. Not many people in here and no remarkable #boobs. 
@Dolphz no straighten it to make it longer. so by the time it grows longer i can curl back. i want my old hair  haha.
I've got chlorine hair.. eww 
as shit hair 
I want my hair straight 
Has just Straightened wet hair. what a dick 
omg am so unbelevably bored i really cannot be botherd doing my hair. 
@drux73 has had me all cut and trimmed. I miss my longish beard 
Getting probably my last haircut from the woman that's been doing my hair for at least 18 years. 
went to the barkers had my beard trimmed a little too short, not happy 
she scratched me so hard on my hard... that my skin is peeled off and even bleeded 
i want my personal stylist 
I need a babysitter ! I want to go out with my hubby 2day  ...I have to go on the beauty salon, my hair and my nails need attention, LOL
whose hair is in my damn car!!!!   SAVAGE
I think @lesamonster gave me some bad hair dryer mojo - I go to fix my hair and it's not working!  It worked last night so now I'm  ....
If a person is wearin a hoody or a hat it probably means they r having a bad hair day like me rite now lol its rainin and my hair got wet 
I did my hair in 10 and finished dressing/accesorizing in the car. And did my foundation powder crap. Its raining 
Just got out of the *shower* fixing to go *fix* my *hair* 
I tried to color my hair again but the difference wasn't that big... 
@soulsystah Aaaww...well you'll look faaabulous when you are done. I still need to get my hair and nails done 
I'm back.. and my hair is almost the same  the hairdresser didn't want to cut it, he said I shouldn't because of the shape of my face.. :/
My hair bothers me. It never does what I want it to. 
gutted the wedding hair trial went so wrong! 
really needs a haircut 
@marissamonotony i wish i had the guts to cut my hair short. 
im seriously tired of the color of my hair, its sooo boring 
Has had it with short hair  .. time to grow indefinitely... off to the nail salon, im in dire need....
Late for a haircut apt again...I suck 
@shawnee_dj the rain sucks! Lol it made my hair curly 
note to self... don't eat/breathe in hairspray! 
i just burned my hair blow drying it...and now the room stinks 
Yay for clean hair. No bra shopping today  off to wallyworld.
About to wash my hair even though I dont feel like it.... 
I feel like such an emo waste of skin. 
 Such a nice day has turned into a rainy one. I think it heard that I was doing my hair.
couldn't get my hair done, my stylist was not available. 
So the girl who does my hair is my stepsisters stepmom so she just did everything for free, color, blowout and I feel bad 
You don't realize how much you rely on a headset until you snap yours in half with your giant hair and noggin. 
hayfever has been making me feel crappy all day  eep i want to dye hair so bad, it's been too long&lt;3
is bummed because the lady, who he thought did a good job, jacked up his hair AND cut off his tail 
My experiment failed.  I have shaved my beard.  
On my way to get my hair cut 
cut my hair... still going natural... getting ready to work  ...
curling my hair.. ate too much at sizzlerz 
i wanna dragqueen boyfriend.   and do his hair/makeup everyday.
just figured out that i have 30 years of great hair left...after that baldness will set in.... 
@sfgiantsgirl he probably thought you were making fun of him lol. his hair is really beautiful  I think I'm crazy.
just put some dye in my hair. will see some results shortly.  just trying to get the black out, probably wont see too much difference tho 
tried cutting freds hair and the razor thing we bought broke  Now we have to return it and fred looks really funny. 
ugh my hairs a frizzy mess from the pool  oh well at least i had fun
My hair is unbelievably in knots!! xO I hate being sick. This has never happened to my ugly curly hair 
can't find my eyelash curler 
I wish weather &quot;acts right&quot; so I can wear some pin curls,this humidity is no bueno for my hair 
Getting ready to go w/ my brother for a haircut.  No hair cut for me 
i really don't feel like washin my hair a the moment but i have to 
My hair is growing !! But I feel like its falling out... 
why do i no longer wash my hair? 
my hair feels gross  I washed it but it's still weird D: oh! and he's bored out if his shitblock (head ) right now.
giving my hair A-1 treatment...blowdrying sweat back into my hair and preparing to curl for work tonight. where's my wig? 
i got a haircut, it sucks  watching hulu.
Really want to dye my hair purple, gotta consider damn jobs first though 
@lowkeyriez boo  I'm on my way to moya and my hair is already messed up lol
after being gone for pretty much 4 years my hair is not use to this humidity.  it won't do what i want it to. 
vacuum just died. it is simply pushing dog hair into piles 
My eyebrows ot waxed too thin 
My eyebrows got waxed too thin 
@MGiraudOfficial no answer to my ??'s, no preview of the mickey mouse fedora.....       I luv your new hairstyle, though! ; )
Today involved a pedicure, tanning, and a haircut, and yet still not felling 100% 
@KIMNB best haircut by far,besides the joe-fawk,awwww how i miss that so, 
Tending to these poor dreads, bonnaroo was not kind to them. And I can't find my wax, my bands keep breaking, and I lost my dread tool. 
I will never ever get a haircut 
my hair smells like the ocean and beer.  
My hair smells like airplane 
My hair straightener tried to kill me.  It sparked, fell apart and burned my couch   It did last three years.
cut off my dreads  over a foot of hair and now left with 2 inches. have to start over because i was not please with the look.
@BoltClock lol, i had a haircut too 
my hair is gross.  so tired. goodnight.
My complexion is officially dying  
soooo im almost ready. have to make my hair and make up and then im watching pro7  and going to work 
wonders whyyyy she washed her hair. It totally didn't need it  pure effort now (N)
i have some hair stuff that smells of wonderfulness. it's so nice i want to share it with all of you... but a picture wondn't really work 
i have some hair stuff that smells of wonderfulness. its so nice i want to share it with all of you... but a picture wouldn't really work 
my hair is back to normal again... 
what they don't realise is............... that i'm broke. and they think i'm rich. and they think i can buy my own hair colour thing. 
FINALLY gets to have a shave!  i want an autobot! 
My hair will down off soon in no time!  ASSIGNMENTS!
so no hair cuts for me any time soon 
mahnn... i just washed my hair, and its went totally greasy again ! &quot;/ 
HATES this humidity.  its doing the opposite of wonders for her hair     ugh
Just woke up!! urgh look @ my hair 
my hairs a mess  i think i got cream and fosters in it. i was so embarrassing yesterday i actually loved it :') is that normal? probs not
@ginger_curls I'm so sorry to hear that 
everyday there is hair on my toothbrush 
@strawz because multiple coloured hair is just that trendy and awesome 
@ohimamonster Really? I was thinking of shaving my beard into a gotee 
I've been for a walk now and my hair is not as good as it was before 
just had hair done by janine then trecked up to the tanning zone (: but just had to wash my hair out 
@pamelarocket I miss you! I just got my hair chopped cos the bleached bits were blegh. But the lady couldn't do it awesome like you. 
just watching news on french tv. some scientists did research on men evolution : bigger, fatter, shorter arms, bigger head, no hair. ... 
It's bout to start raining!!!  and my hair is goin to bush-up, i cant take this!
It's dry and humid outside. I hate the humidity. It makes my hair frizz and gives me a head ache! 
Getting dreads takes longer than expected. It is also a lot more painful than I expected. And now I've got a sunburn  (and some dreads )
@staygo1dkid i can't do french braids either 
My bangs are too short 
Some boiling water splashed from 2 ft way and now the skin on my belly is red  it went through my shirt.
there's very strange smell in the lift when I went to take the rubbish out, my hair seems to have soaked the smell up  hair wash tomorrow!
The beard is completely gone! 
I do not understand why lil orange kid is scared of a hair trimmer razor. unless it grazed the top of your ear, it's harmless. 
@summershere ooo pink margaritas? very excited! btw I am wearing my hair wavyish can't do anything with it 
sitting in a hair salon waiting 4 my mom 2 finish getting her hair cut and colored. *sigh* i have other things 2 do 
I just saw a lady that made me wish my facial hair grew like hers. she puts me to shame ... 
Sometimes i feel like shaving my hair off and pulling a britney 
I am not too sure I like this short hair thing very much 
@sarking I like his neat hairs 
I need vanessa hudgens hair 
Suddenly sporting a ridiculous number of gray hair 
@perki i am not impressed! grrrr! ruined my hair  :'(
oh no ive gone through bushy indie hair to a chav skinhead 
Neither hair nor makeup was done when I met all the new family medicine interns. 
@TomboyTigress lmao @ &quot;drenched backside&quot; aaaaand when i cut their hair the sweat from they nasty heads pops off the clippers and hits me 
ok back to blow drying my hair 
badddd hair day 
omg my hairs getting really light! and its drying curly   bleh i want black hair 
I think maeson just wiped boogers in my hair 
@letoyaluckett glad your having funn here! Wish I could see you be sadly I'm getting my hair did 
omg...my hair is still not done.....ughhhhhhhhhhhhh 
waiting for mum to go to bed so i can dye my hair and chillax 
@overthewire At least u got an invite...but I guess u have something to offer to'b I only have doc martens and dee-lite hair 
mad i can jus up n do watever to my hair. white ppl aint got too many options 
is tired and hungry...need to fix my hair. 
Just got done cutting andrew hair. Now I'm all itchy 
a good 20 hours of sleep, my bed hair is amazing. my head is still exploding but good news is its travelled down to my ears. yay 
My hair is almost done I'm gonna look cute in the rain 
 grandma wont cut my hari! which is good AND bad. because she wont let me straiten it! so i am stuck with this gross curly mop of hair.
@millamanila what the fuck. lol, WHY? cause they have matching stupid hair now? 
My hair...I look like a boy now 
 I really don't like my new haircut... It's too short.
Is a a good idea to wash my hair now? And remember I'm asthmatic 
@ejxi..oh no tape in the hair is unacceptable...u need to tape something to them...lol...we're girls tape in the hair hurts..ouch 
looking at old pictures because i'm thinking of chopping off my hair.. i miss my monroe piercing!! 
ughhh dont u hate removing makeup?! putting it on is fun, but taking it off 
rawrrrrrr. my hair is at an awkward stage  not feelin' it dude, not feelin' it
i wish i didn't shave... i miss my beard 
There's no one to save me here...what's wrong with my hair? 
My tummy hates me.....just like my hair and my liver.   
WTF I miss my beard 
http://twitpic.com/8clzo - new hair, woohoo. i needa dye it, but i cant 
feels much better now that her hair is washed. I still have mosquito bites though...  unfair.
http://twitpic.com/8cp27 Probably should have left my hair how it was 
my hair :/  mi god i look liken a sheep for real
I chopped off all my hair- I probably could have donated it to someone needy  uff
dried my hair and its gone PHWOM. its too frizzy 
@lilluckygirl17 we really need to go to disneyland, but under the conditions i wanna talk about   finish your hair and call me please
eurgh, breakout skin 
just got my hair donee. but srsly not even happy. you have NO idea how scared that bloody dream made me 
fucking ceeebbbzznesss on curling the other side of my hair !!!! 
@samm_xo haha, yeah. but it was a long hair one, and it wasnt as hot as he is now  all of them are up on the opposite wall though ;)
you know what i think would be sad, to be joe jonas' hair, it was like so beautiful two years ago and now your a srs trainwreck 
my throat is sore, my hair is a mess and i can't get a hold of anyone i need! 
oh no!! my hair is frizzing 
i want to dye ma hair  brown but i am so pale and then i need more make up and this is not good for my skin..  but i want have brown hair
new extreme haircut make me guilty 
@vocaltest Me too! they are the only iron that works on my hair! If they break and they go bust, I will die  a life of curly hair is a no!
@vocaltest haven't straightened it for a month, I destroyed my hair with dye &amp; heat, my curls don't know how to be proper curls anymore! 
Is having a bad hair day 
I'm having a bad hair day 
goodbye purple bit of hair 
I'm trying 2 figure out what to do with my hair. I have an asymetrical bob, so the back is pretty much all natural now. Not a good look. 
Getting ready to go to class and learn some perms 
My nails, toes, eyebrows, and hair look a hot mess this week! 
My skin is peeling off. I might not have any tan left by the end of the day. 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/8c741 - nice logo... but grow your hair back  ahah
My bangs are all messed up. 
I miss my straightener. 
http://twitpic.com/8deyi - goodbye long, beautiful, rad hair 
My hair looks horrible, i look like a man 
Bad things happened 2 my hair man, smh. Not a good idea 2 go to sleep w a wet head. I now have dreads  tryin not 2 cry....
friend says i look like a butch with my new hair cut 
My hair has grown a lot but there are so many split ends now 
so sad farrah...your hair and your smile and your spirit will live on, angel. 
@kameelahwrites phew! all that hair, gyal! 
@LisaNoelRuocco oh and i like your new hair too. i think it really suits you. 
my ex boyfriend once blamed me for making the freckles on his skin raise above the surface. he thought I'd done it to him.  i said wtf
just got back from the hairdressers 
just got out of the shower. nothing says 'wake up' like body lotion in your hair 
@giordanobc  Too late. I meant it in a positive way though, but make-up artists and hair stylists can make people look very different!
On another note, had hair cut today. It looks alright but i could have gone shorter and less layers but liking the full fringe 
@helga_hansen I am dark ash blonde.... and most people think I am highlighting the front of my hair, when it is actually grey hair! 
@aussie_ali @heidiheartshugs toothpaste??? If you use the whitening stuff the bleach will burn a layer of skin off. 
It cracks me up that the toll workers know me well enough to comment on my haircut 
booked a hair appointment - I'm having an organised day 
drying my hair listening to some good old rascal flatts. lovin 'here comes goodbye' atm 
just got my bangs cut 
@NinjaFanpire hair = v. cute. Also, your voice is adorable. 
@claudiagmodel frizz or not you know u still beautiful! 
how should i do my hair???...considering a fade lol....hey,cassie did it 
On my way to straighten my hair. 
leaving for my hair appt!!!! 
gots my hair cut 
gong to get my hair done 
about to get my hair done! 
Getting my hair done feels so wonderful 
Is happy she's getting her hair done 
mew mew , hair , then waiting for kris. 
I'm liking how my hair looks today. 
@chriscornell loving the hair by the way 
@jessicasimpson http://twitpic.com/3krpo - cool  i like ur hair!!
crazy facial hair makes me laugh 
I love frozen yogurt. For some reason, I like my hair today! 
@lulusf77 Whoops, sorry, I didn't mean _you_ were brutal! The joke was for the perspective of an individual hair 
just had a hair trim.. looking dashing as usual !! 
cant believe my hair stayed straight 
yayy, my hair is no longer carrot coloured 
@that_wig wig, roadblocks and detours, the mind boggles 
just chillin'.. good thing the barber didn't murdered my hair 
@latinabeatz hair tie...in EFFECT!!!! 
im pretty clever, put my own hair extensions back in 
likes me with a new hairstyle...  http://plurk.com/p/oyrvl
loves her new haircut 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3br5p - omj! you look hot in every pic you're in!  I love your new haircut! ^^
still suffering a little from all the celebrating,might have to have the old hair of the dog 
@scooby867 I always change my hair colour...i'm naturally blonde though 
@puravida26 pureology? Thats what I use. The conditioner makes my scalp tingley 
@bwomble1224 Yay your haircut is cute. 
@petewentz uhmm, cancer, i want... happyness, and i dont want a bad hair day EVER again 
http://twitpic.com/3ludy - I've had a haircut 
@bobbibillard are you joining the army or why the haircut? 
loves her different colour hair extentions. clip in out colour how cool. and decent ones for capital hair place  x
Waiting for my hair to dry, maybe i'll do some laudry 
dressed getting my hair touched up BABYSHOWER  ugh it looks so nice ima twitpic it later
http://twitpic.com/3n9sc - my new hair 
thinks a neatly trimmed rob zombie is flippin shagable I never knew he was so hot under that mass of hair..I can only do so much goodboy 
I just need to point out that, - I am miss fabulous hair. And I thank god for it  http://tumblr.com/xmo1me8f2
I just need to point out that, - I am miss fabulous hair. And I thank god for it  http://tumblr.com/xmo1me8f2 http://twurl.nl/duqsa5
@dicotyledon  but i have to eat and have coffee and blow dry and iron my hair and put on a face, i'm high maintenance 
changed my hair colour and loves it!!! 
@RealJessicaAlba I saw picture on your hair color it look great make you look younger. I love it. Who ever dosen't their wrong. 
Just woke up and liking this messy hairstyle 
my skin is going strong... 
Just got a 3 inch haircut. on my way to sallys to buy color. 
Question: should I stay with red hair or get rid of it completely and go blonde again?!  please @ reply!!
Morning all...up early, hair appointment @ 11 so looking forward to banishing these roots to a mere memory 
@cliveatkinson lol always thought he wore false eyelashes.  No mans lashes are that long! 
my hair is all wavey today!.. Really couldn't be bothered to straighten it.. 
goodmorning[:   im going to get done quick.,  my hair was already straight and my outfits picked out YAY 
My hair looks weired... but i like it 
@TawnyHeath you look good lol your hair looks nice 
@theogeo I would say hi but I can't recognize you. I'm red shirt spike hair necklace walking around 
@cheapshades yep, just by a hair! need a landslide! 
@momof3crazykids LOL.  I'll follow you no matter what hair color you have.  
@leeives yay, but you can run rings around those young things. so there! just pull that hair out right now! 
@brianhogg oh you boys and your lack of hair product knowledge. 
@RachelMcAdams_ btw love your hair in that fork pic. 
@MaddCB  had my eye brows done and my hair. I'm lookin goood 
i love my new tattoo 
doin my hair 
Yay, just got my hair cut, soon going to put on my national costume, called bunad... I'm excited 
so girlie time.. making the whole beauty stuff, nails, hair and then dressing up 
On the way to the salon getting my nails and hair done. The good life 
@ckellyireland7 def the mane...can beat that perfection lollll but I heard he changed it back...hmmmm 
loves having blonde hair 
a test in facebook said that my hair color should be brunette. what do you think?. 
running errands with my sisters and getting my hair done and mall maybe... be back laterrrrrrr 
where can I buy a mullet wig? 
@hellorhiannon that's what i've done cos the updates are freaking annoying. and dw about your hair/makeup, i'm sure you look beautiful. 
uggh i hate being up early.. getting my hair done! 
I love my new haircut its exactly what i wanted 
Just had some goddd food; now I have to do my sister's hair  &amp;&amp; make it pretty like mine 
@MsLaurenLondon Haha i like the creativity with the lyrics! What are you gonna do w/ur hair? twitpic it once your done 
@krist_e It seems I ALWAYS run into friends when my hair is a mess! 
My hairs is done 
Just got my make-up and hair done, next to pick out an outfit; dress? yeah I thought so too 
got another haircut 
my face feels amazing right now... did a salt peel and exfoliated and moisturized..omg is my skin smooth! 
just saw wolverine pretty good i must say never new hugh jackman was that muscley going to cook a roast dye my hair and get in bed 
@mileycyrus your hair will loook soooooooo nice dark! go for it  x
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - i love brandis hair that colour !! it looks so nice 
@bkmacdaddy ... no hair of the dog but just had 2 strong espressos hopefully perk me up  a bit and hopefully feel better soon thanks 
http://twitpic.com/4h49t new earphones and new haircut 
@beepiratehooker http://twitpic.com/4h3ab - sup wavy hair  you srsly have the prettiest eyes.
always excited for a good day in a photshoot! i love shoots, getting dressed up and my makeup and hair done makes me exstatic!  YAYYYY!!!!
@noncehence I would never block you! I like you, even when you don't have facial hair!...I'm just bad at following @replies.. 
gettiing a haircut todaaaay 
my hair is finally getting nice and long and sexy 
@machpe: I got a haircut.  @robynplusone: Which one? #punday
getting my hair done. text. 
Just bought my hair dye  xoxo, jenn
new tattoo 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - i luv brandi's new hair i think u would look awesome with darker hair too 
  I hate allergies. Should I get my hair cut tomorrow? I'm taking a public poll...
@GeishaLee oooh thank you! i have heard of it and since it won't make my hair the usual crunchy style curl, i am ready to try it. 
@alexlove123 haha... well i g2g straighten my hair.. bye 
I bet my hair will be messed up again by tomorrow. 
So I've decided on what I want for my first tattoo...  Now to just decide where I want it.
http://twitpic.com/4j1wh What boredom makes you doo but hey my hair is growin 
@mileycyrus mileey  I love your clothes,and your hair, and your songs.. but I really love your personality..
im not a narcissist, but i love my nose and hair.   
@natobasso I love my haircut 
i want to cut and style hair.. -zohan 
doing an online makeover thing to see what i'd look like with purple hair.. ill post when its done 
Once again i'm at a crossroads with my hair. What to do, what to do.  should i cut, colour,braid. Its winter and its exams soon.
Once again i'm at a crossroads with my hair. What to do  should i cut, colour,braid. Its winter and its exams soon.
spending a 'girly' day wif my four big sisters! shopping. pedicures and dyeing eachother's hair. ohh yeah 
is sitting in her nan's bathroom dying her hair for the x factor auditions tomorrow 
Searching for wavy hairstyle 
got an awesome hair cut todayyyy  it looks so hottt haha doing homework
@nurseju I treat my hair so badly. It's revenge for it turning grey prematurely 
so most kids love my dark hair some say that I dye it too much and they never know what color its going to be  yea me hahahahaha
is now going to the hairdressers instead of running due to rain 
haircut as short as possible, even change color , new me 
I love my hair blowin in the wind 
@zouljiin That is the best sticker EVER. Also. I dig your hair. It's gotten long since I've seen you last. 
About to pik out my hair, braid it up, scrub off my make up and relaxxxx.... tonight was fun 
@amyxstftk actually, i really do. mostly when i forget to take off my makeup before bed 
@danielradcliffe snitchsneeker photos were cool -but, dang, what's up with all the comments about your chest hair - that's just creepy  
@xxcharrrs aw anytime, boo. I realized that all I need to have some fun are you guys.  We should change our pics to the poofy hair ones!
@dorkydeanna I'm watching it at the moment  -sighs- and straightening my hair which takes hours as my hair is so curly!!
@SabrinaDee paint it, like what u did with ur hair 
@sm bacoor  wahaha may wifi toinks new hair wiih short.. short.. http://plurk.com/p/sveoi
i dyed my hair back to super black again! 
@_sarahwilson_ Absolutely love your hair and outfit in tonight's ep 
you can change your hair and you can change your clothes, you can change your mind thats just the way it goess (8) 
@EnvytoEnergy : I cut my hair short to shoulder length. I wasnt plannin on anything drastic, just shorter hair 
@thEE_ambie try oil sheen before you flat iron. it'll protect your hair from the heat 
@BJpickleman I sympathize with her  I have to straighten my hair everyday.
@BrandiHeyy wht color is ur hair?   love yaaa gurl
http://twitpic.com/4x845 - sister tried curling my hair for prom.... hopefully it will work out better on the night :S 
cleaning my room, the getting my hair cut 
@Bixxy LOL and we've been following each other for ages  I love your hair btw! it's good, I finish on the 21st may, so not long now! You?
@freckles4him right back at u! 
sitting @ home dying my hair. while the dye is settling in, my mom is givin me a pedicure  finally after months with ugly toes n bad roots
@Ponyy lol yeahh, hey are u any good at hair or makeup? 
@hayleyhorcrux @DaoDaoEricaDao @michelemalice I got a haircut  That is all.
my bangs are being veeery good to me 
@lickmycupcakes I'm up for that  i has a hair appt at 3 on sat though, so before that would be best for me
Finally got my haircut earlier 
@ashugreene http://twitpic.com/50afy - bahahahaha cuuute kid  his hair got so much darkerr
@MichaelJPerez haha i wish i had my own personal stylist 
@maryabam it's dark blue black actually, makes my hair more radiant...miss u too marya! 
Is in love with hair extensions. 
@Jonapova ok babbessss tonight my love so you can see my hair 
is good , tired but glad i get to get my hair done today!!!    X
@nolf new haircut looks rather nice 
@sammutimer hope to make it tonight, though my hair is black now. should update my avatar 
new haircut , so chic 
just got hoome . i got my hair rebonded.hehe  it tokk 6 hours ad i was so bored.LOL :0
says hello :afro:  http://plurk.com/p/tqgrd
I have freckles now! 
is home from the hair dresses lovin the new look 
@CressFerriera I still like you^^(and your hair  )  greetings from europe 
@nikamarie ok. What's up w/the green shirt/hair n da pic. Where u human broccoli that day? 
haircut and beard trim...I am looking sharp 
@fauzielaily hello fauzie!  you want your hair to be like zac's huh? lol. 
I'm thinkin of jus dye-ing my hair...can we say blonde? or aubern they both sound yummy lol 
@LaurenBosworth I'm pretty sure you look stunning in everything! I think you look so elegant and refined when you wear your hair up! 
is leaving to get a haircut.. ciao!  http://plurk.com/p/u9w2u
If I ever go tanning and dye my hair blonde... then you'll know I've gone insane 
i love my sexy background, his hair is amazing ha. And his face is beaut ! 
haha finished homework  off to dye hair now omg yay
@__parasite__ http://twitpic.com/5crtq - this is so damn cute....and i just noticed how much your hair's like oli's 
I just re-pierced my neices ears!! The same neice that let me cut her hair. 
putting hair and makeup on. then getting all my dance crap together. textt me pleaseee!!! 
@haleyymae  thank you!  unfortunately I had to go out like that...it rained so my hair got messed up. not my best day O.o
I dyed my hair last night, and i didnt wash it after like i usually do, so its much darker 
What s a different between tenors and altos? ... Tenors dont have hair on their back. Haha 
sideburns. 
you know those hair wraps with the yarn that you used to get when you were like 5? i have one now 
@mistressmia I've always had pubic hair, at least since puberty. Does this mean I'm behind fashion yet again? 
I'm back.... squeaky clean hair and fresh polish on the feet  I'm a happy camper
I'm having a bad hair day 
@the_reaper yeah. I love his hair long. Especially when he's drumming. 
@clothesminded happy birthday! [and yes, your hair looks awesome  ]
@lilyroseallen http://twitpic.com/5dflq - Wow! it must be amazing! you look so pretty! i love your hair 
yay my hair is dark again and it has a red tint  wally world with @imxsoxnotxscene.
i love how the damage done to my hair resulted in a beautiful color and a natural curl i never had before. 
Having my bangs be curly is odd haha 
Cleaning the apt then going to the gym and then doing my hair 
how come when i'm done flat-ironing one side of my hair, i look at the other and want 2 cry? lol 
my hair is more red now, thanks  xo
@mom2toby aw! Everyone is cutting their hair! I guess I'm next 
http://twitpic.com/5ebzo - I did @RosemaryHelen 's makeup 
i want a tattoo too 
@thelexvision but u get to sing that twist my hair song 
eartquake in la? ha       awake,breakfast,clothes,hair,makeup 
gave my brother a mohawk tonight. I'm actually mad good with the clippers. and he got a little shape up going on! 
@roar123 soo excited kasey!! i bet your hair is miles long 
I miss my long hair already. and I'm going on a diet. but on the bright side, I have the cutest, best boyfriend in the world! 
@Wookiesgirl 5'0&quot; tall, long black hair, werecat. 
@sampsonian Teeheehee I'm glad I ran out of tweet space before I made that glib remark then; best not mention locks of hair, either? 
just making a appearance  what's goss floss?
puttin some highlights in mah hair 
@kyspeaks Maybe I can plait a pony tail from my back hair LOL I have the umbrella 
@ddlovato ..I dont know u personally but u seem like an amazing person, so what if u change ur hair/clothes as long as ur hearts the same 
going to school with new hair cut and color. 
@myloveshine *turns green with envy, like an alien*  I am having bad-hair-days lately &gt;.&gt; Can I borrow some of your hair please? 
I'm going to find clothes, straighten my hair and then bake a cake 
@jaychannel4 must wear a lot of protective clothing, don't let the hot spaghetti drip onto your skin! 
my hair is not really up to par right now, but i strangely don't mind. Lets throw it up and say the alarm didn't go off 
@ishyx She could ask the same about that hair piece you wore on your vagina. Lol sorry. That was uncalled for. But you'll get a laugh 
@shelleybookworm If you're talking about the dude with the sexy blonde hair. 
@Mitchelmusso i've decided i like ur new hair wasnt sure @ first but it grew on me 
i wanna have scene hair and a glamour kills tee. 
new hair cut...much shorter  at 3 pm dentist :/
finally finished my hair. now onto my homework 
@fannypackfanny http://twitpic.com/5eqdt - ahhhhh!!! look at you! your hair was so blonde!! the purse and muffs are amazing too 
Feeling more confident now my haircut isn't so boring and dowdy, loving it 
should i let my hair cut shorter? difficult decision. can anybody help me? 
now doing faux-hawk on my hair 
@chloerose18 yea i smell fantastic after the gym!! nice hair 
Trying new skin care regimen to clear up a few old marks 
I'm so late. But my hair looks cute 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5dvr8 - haha, everyone have black hair it looks fun, xd 
@shemah love the new haircut! not too long and not too short! 
@mariahcarey question how did u knw what my hair color was b4 and r u going 2 go on tour 4 the new album, cnt wait 4 the new album lym 
@ccmatthews ohh shweet. email me a cool one. would love to see  . omg u have blonde hair now i see. hehe
http://twitpic.com/5og21 - my haircut. nothing too special. just got my bangs back 
@AshleyCandyLand your natural dark skin and your dark hair..aaand...hmmm yes thats it 
Finally i had a haircut! 
@solobasssteve And what, pray tell, is wrong with a blond goatee? 
@cArtPhotography At least your hair smells good.  
@emmawoohoo my mum would have  left me with pink hair. So long as it wasn't on her head, she couldn't have cared less 
@michaeljamesway http://twitpic.com/1p3e0 - cool hair 
@samkelly and distrupted sofas and courtains, let alone not being able to wear anything black without having it covered in hair 
@aha_com ruined your hair? how that? well hope u slept well - anyway: good morning. 
@paulsthinking keep your hair on! defo making a lovely batch of cupcakes  
@loserkid745 lol who u tellin?!? curls still curly!. &amp;&amp; I'm still sittin pretty 
got my hair rebonded!  yey! haha
@RoseMcFlyxDanny : aw, I love his straight hair. but his curly hair aswell!  he always looks good.  xx
new haircut 
@georgiaface the tattoo is looking really good 
is giving jack a quick hair cut 
welcome back black hair   I've missed ya
&quot;i got bangs! my hair is so now!&quot; 
@jaqchapman be sure to wear some flowers in your hair  #mamas&amp;thepapas
Getting ready for leavers ball, hoping my hair wont all drop out! 
I woke up and the tattoo was still there. 
I'm sooooo frustrated and sick of my hair! I want it a lot shorter. Can anyone suggest a hairstyle so I can go for a haircut next week? 
i think i'll go to work with wet hair, glasses, and no make up. again. 
Y'all should follow @curlydena because she's ace, and wins at hair. 
yes my hair is now decent haha! i love getting my hair done 
I love getting my hair done its so relaxing 
excited for the hair  wooo
eating otter pops yummmm :] not feeling to well dying my hair then bedtime! goodnight 
loves the sounds, and my new hair kicks ass. oh, and 4 days till paramore 
@logicoflove if you can even COERCE your hair into waving at you? you are hallucinating. just so you know 
watching stupid filipino drama show, as I may say that I smell pretty good right now  fresh out of the shower! SHAMPOWING my hair 
@izzagillianne why don't you try henna tattoos.. 
@hollypowell love the new haircut!  very cute 
bella got a haircut 
dyed my hair black, planning to take a razor to the sides and get a mohawk... then dye it blue 
I feel innocent when my hair is curled  but we but know thats not true http://tumblr.com/xd41vngha
thinking about chopping off my hair and getting bangs for summer 
my latest obsession: hair scarves. perfect quick-fix for messy locks 
@bobbiandmike You are one step ahead of me, I need to lose the weight AND grow my hair long to do that! 
@bentonpaul nice pic! like the hair. 
@gnader I just lol'd at your hair dryer tweet.  
@CarlieElizabeth its sweet, its not harry potter hair anymore n no more bandanas. 
@saraliechty thanks  I have an awesome hairdresser.. One of those personalities where we just get each other's vision for my hair. Haha
@oCassieface wet hair, no makeup and wearing a robe, but I thought I'd make your night!   http://twitpic.com/65vz0
Thanks for all the advice on dog tangled hair - gave her a a good wash and was able to trim some crazy hair out and brush the knots out 
iwiLLmOOnU6969 : i h8 you  iwiLLmOOnU6969: as a woman Queenlexxxiii : its my hair   iwiLLmOOnU6969 : no its your brain.   ^^ 
straightening hair tomm. 
@JennananaPink ur hair in ur pic makes me smile  its gorgeous!
had a diy home spa! face masque, strawberry and walnut shell body scrub and hot oil hair treatment. feeling so good all over. 
had a diy home spa! face masque, strawberry and walnut shell body scrub and hot oil hair treatment. feeling so good all over. 
going to to buy snow boots and red hair dye... what an exciting afternoon 
is having her hair done today.  Lovely 
@tishh ahhhh ii should be there! in boxers, spice girl tee, no makeup, and my hair on top of my head 
got a new tattoo 
@JohannaGarloqui soooo cooool  love ur profile pic  pink hair!
@toddkeebs i still don't get your mullet obsession 
Short and purple hair = summer hair=forever young 
looking for a blonde hair model to tint back to natural...interested? 
i'm about to wash m? hair :L and getting fitted for a bridesmaid dress this afternoon; then clubbing tonight 
@pookeynoodlex eyeshadows, lipgloss, lipstick, body scrub, perfume and mascara  ugh school soon. i want summer!
just got  that hair job confirmed  ....now what about ting jia yi?
