Most common words for this cluster:
[('hair', 306), ('http', 16), ('com', 14), ('dye', 10), ('cut', 8), ('haircut', 7), ('salon', 6), ('lol', 6), ('appointment', 5), ('haha', 5), ('curls', 5), ('colour', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hair', 0.9919531345367432), (u'curly_hair', 0.7546245455741882), (u'tresses', 0.7526417374610901), (u'hairdo', 0.6885755658149719), (u'mane', 0.686699628829956), (u'blonde_hair', 0.6630277633666992), (u'naturally_curly_hair', 0.6586653590202332), (u'hairstyle', 0.6580005288124084), (u'wavy_locks', 0.6567928791046143), (u'wavy_hair', 0.6564717888832092)]





there is a green hair on my screen and i cba to move it 
waiting... waiting... waiting... for janis so I can dye her Hair 
My version of touching my shoulders and my stylists are very different. Hair is way short 
No my hair place closed down no Wtf where am i suppose to get my hair cut? 
Feeling really bad for cutting my hair..... 
@siriuslyheather If I get a real job, I'll have to get rid of my hair 
My hair is pissing me off. No one ever knows how to bleach black hair 
needs a hair cut 
@troytaylor86 awww mane i really wanted to see that 
eeeeeurgh my hair still smells of hair dye and I've washed it like 3 times since last night!! 
haha. done with my hair. about to leave for schoool. 
I picked up his hair genes, unfortunately... 
setting in the hair salon with my mom. 
I miss laying on his fat belly while he runs his fingers thru my hair 
@__mares__ not to sure about his hair though 
just had my breakfast  full now though :-\ and i need to wash my hair 
@ether_radio i know! and she has the most awesome hair everrrr. i actually regret not going to mcfly now. 
@dhottie315 I wish my hair was long so I could do it like yours  You have the prettiest hair girly girl!
Just got a haircut. Now my hair is very short. 
my shampoo smells weird. but my hair is so soft when i use it. hm. so my options are soft hair or good smelling hair.  hates to choose.
How come my hair is still fucking oily although I changed back to my won shampoo already. 
Just got done washing my hair. I should have gotten a perm... 
fail, that's the stupid hair dye that can be used on color treated hair. 
@deannetheresa That's awful  I had a hair disaster of doom like that once &amp; it made me stay away from hair salons for years after
im thinking of getting my hair cut short. but i love y long hair  i hate decisions 10
I want those two inches of my hair back. I feel naked without them. 
Only 6 bobby pins in my hair but I'm not looking forward to washing out the gallon of hair spray 
i miss my longer hair. 
Hair dye burnin my scalp  am so worried about this!
@SokiMak I did my strand test and my hair went brown!  does that mean I have lurgies!! Lol
Just got back from the bathroom, I dnt think my hair is growin' umm I miss my long hair 
if my hair looked oily today, it's because i ran out of shampoo and had to use the colour me shiny one 
I hate the stage that my hair is at right now 
back in business. but the hair hasn't grown back 
@mellicakes nessie's hair is awesome. also. random comment? I really miss you 
@chelseacriner Yay blond hair!  I had to dye my hair back brown because my water is SO bad/hard where I live and it turns it orange 
why is my hair always in my drink 
Waiting in the hair salon........its still raining!!  
I am perturbed by my neck hair 
Looking for a new hair style! I just don't have the patience to grow my hair long!! 
frustrated bc my hair is too straight and i miss my curls 
i got all my hair cut off, it's almost above my ears 
http://twitpic.com/66vld - i don't like this bangs! I want my hair back! 
contemplating getting my hair cut and having severe anxiety about it....  
trying to straighten my hair, but it's too effing hot in here. also, i need food 
Just finished curling her hair!!!! And now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair 
@mareyachristina haha i shaved all my facial hair off except for my moustache cause i thought it would be cool! But it made me look gross 
I need a haircut. I should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail. 
'Ready' for work.Hair straightened holiday skinned myself make up on dressed but never been less ready for work  feel so ill still bleugh
awake. going out soon.. but i have only just got up and i cbb with my hair and makeup but my hair is a must need 
Holy shit.. So tired. Bout to waste the beautiful day at the hair salon 
cant rock the curls today  no Hair gel in the house....I wasnt curls not a fro...hahaha
@schmetallica yeahh.  curse hair dye being so horrible for hair. 
i miss my long hair. i want extensions. 
At this rate, I'm going to just grow my hair back out. 
ggrrr...hair product bought when had hair cut/colour makes my hair smell like boy hair 
i miss my long hair  i guess that's what you feel after every haircut...
burned myself on the hair dryer 
@PurpleMuffinMan aw you just jealous because you still waiting for body hair 
I gave to go get my Hair perm now..  brb
me tink my hair is a little toooo short  agonyyyyyyyy should i do it all over or just rock it like this???
Finally pressed my hair after 13+ months of natural. I don't like it    Never realized that I don't like the smell of burnt hair.
showering is going to be interesting... I don't think I can even hold my arms up long enough to wash my hair. 
My dog was eating my hair.. I thought she was being weird so I left &amp;noticed syrup from my French toast in my hair 
Security took my hair gel 
Now that the musical is over  how much of my hair should i cut five or six inches off?
I have a fucking strand of hair in my eye that I cannot get out! 
Dying ms hair brown.  No more crazy hair.
Aarrrggghhhh my hair is soo tight!!! I almost feel like my scalp is bleeding!!!!! 
I wish my hair would at least get long enough to put extensions in. 
@adzada actually it was conditioner &amp; didn't realize it was still there till i tried to dry my hair! then i had to get back in. not fun 
debating on a new hair color 
I was looking at hair ties and i noticed i cant the my hair on more. 
Doodoo... I think my hair color is fading already 
Ugh I don't feel like finishing my hair but I know how bad I'll look if I don't 
 i got my hair confused with my curly noodles...
@vanessatx OMGGG I hate it when your hair is cut while it is dry... it just doesn't feel right. Uhoh, sowwy to bring back the trauma 
I miss my black hair. 
I've been trying to braid my hair since this morning. but it's too short now.  how I miss my long hair...
arghhhh i hate my hair  my fringe is so gay!
tis why i don't like flat ironing my hair...i see a good ammount of hair on my hands instead of my hair 
@starrfucker did christian shave his beard and cut his hair!?!  i liked all the fur
@Phosephone I had a mohawk for a while that was green and red then pink and blue. and pink hair. Too much chemicals and hair ruining 
not straightening my hair for a week, going to see if my hair is healthier.. it might make my hair feel good, but i wont 
I can't believe I slept so late. I've a hair appointment at 10 and loads to do before then 
dying my hair, but my hairs too dark so no point 
can still smell lake in my hair and still very unhappy about loosing my bracelette 
@chermayneugenia wow he let u cut his hair. hehe...that's nice! yenshan would never let me touch his hair 
Holy humidity, what will become of my hair 
about to perm my hair. so not wanting to comb out these naps 
http://twitpic.com/6pcqn - i really miss my blonde hair 
ughhh... wondering if I should just cut my hair short again or keep growing it  i'm starting to really hate it buhhh.
i can tell my hair dye is starting to wash out because my gray hair is coming back  haha
i should just go for a shower. even if my hair is clean 
; My hair is no longer long  
must find hair salon too hungover to do own hair 
http://twitpic.com/6qw5a - Long hair steel.. 
just drying my hair, it actually takes a lifetime. 
@robiscate hello, how are you? like your shoes, love your hair 
I regret cutting my hair.    I knew I would, but I did it anyway.  Looks like I'm going to search for ways to grow my hair out faster.
so.. I'm so tired.. that I actually forgot to wash the conditioner out of my hair when I showered.. that's not good 
got my hair cut!!! now i'm bored stiff! 
I might as well have cancer... I'm going to lose all my hair 
My hair is being puffy 
Flat-ironing hair. I hate my ugly curls. 
@misskatie86 please don't tell me that bleach is going on your hair. i might cry. household bleach will eat your scalp/hair away. call me 
wants Hair muskkkk , rambut rontok bgt  http://plurk.com/p/z10xe
I just left the club, my hair is now offically f*cked up  lol
Trying to take all these braids out of my hair!!!!! This is going to take all day 
Doing prom hair trials not going as well as I wanted 
i want to dye my hair, but then knowing me it'll go wrong and my hair won't go back to the way it is 
ARgh I wish my hair was longish again I really look like i've a mullet 
I put my hair in my tea 
@stargirlm I miss your sex hair 
I dont think I know how to use twitter, and I think that just cost me free Hair tickets!!      stupid twitter!
been under the hair dryer 4the past 2hrs..I hate having long thick hair 
@dougiemcfly your hair is beautiful dougie I wanted to have my hair the same as your hair, my is very ugly 
The kuzin in law really hates my hair! 
Now I'll NEVER win the Hair lottery 
Just had the worst stomach pain ever  its gone now.. Hair time.
my dvd ran out before the tonys ended  I need the last number. I didn't win any tickets, but I  bought one for Hair so I'm excited 
My hair smells like cigarettes, but it's straight so I don't want to wash it.  Hair people, tell me what to do!!
washed my hair, i look like a drowned rat!  lol.
I've clearly tied my hair too tight in this ponytail...I've got a headache 
@Leighkid wow...so you paid 85 for orange hair  awww, so now you have orange poof!!!!!! awww, when you gettin it fixed girly?
waaaa my hair dye is almost faded 
my hair needs a cut 
just couldnt leave it alone i now have brown hair with red roots! 
@sarahsea Your hair is lovely. I got mine cut short recently as it was coming out due to lupus, wish I could've kept it longer 
@missBERRYtoyou im doing buttons hair.. should have told me earlier  well stop by
I tried the hair dye. it dun work! 
my hair doesnt grow  going to sleep.
@burnflare I've already list mY hair... 
Hasn't dyed my hair in months 
didn't get as much sleep as i wanted  and now i have the not so fun task of taming my giant hair :S
my hair + humidity = not good 
I need to go and do my hair but I haz a sleeeeepy puppy ;_; I hate waking him up 
me and my hair we got issues 
@myhocuspocus did u go to saoursally? I didnt manage to go out to cut my hair cut 
Thinking of getting my hair cut like this http://tinyurl.com/lswf64 -my long hair is too hot for the summer 
http://twitpic.com/7k9sm - @EstherSausages I can't get the hair right 
UGH blackouts  dyeing hair  bored,
I miss my blonde hair   http://mypict.me/45cR
...not a hair stylist 
I can't even fucking brush my hair    
should I take a shower now or just sleep? my hair is horrible now 
the hair was another epic fail. going to bed extremely upset. 
Has normal hair again  need a stupid job
http://twitpic.com/7lx13 - missing my long hair.... 
melting next to a heater = static hair! 
http://twitpic.com/7mdot - with my long blonde hair.... i miss the length 
new hair... and a to-do list that is wayy too long 
@sassycrass curly hair shampoo always frizzes my hair out...dunno why, it always has... 
Hair is getting cut as I tweet 
Hair is de-curling 
thinking of getting her hair cut but my hairdresser moved now i dont no where to go 
dying my hair, and apparently my forehead! its blue 
@docmarvy I am jealous of your ability to grow facial hair. 
I hate my hair.  It's so thin, frizzy and ugly. I wish it was normal like other people's.
http://twitpic.com/7otth - I miss my long black hair. 
i want to chop off that one portion of my hair that the previous perm killed (i.e. dried, crinkly and ICKKKK).  
I don't like my new hair cut 
Hair cut in the morning 
not happy with the hair dresser, she balded me 
@thelittleladii I hate Asian girls with blonde hair!! LOL it just looks tacky.. So I prolly won't  Thanks boo!
Needs a new hair colour 
@KellyRuthxo I used the same dye I used on my hair but its gone darker than my hair does  I hate my roots too
I untie my hair, than tie it back. Suddenly I've got a big hair ball on the desk. I want to cry....  
trying to get my hair dried before it turns into ice!  sooo cold
I thought I had glittery powder in my hair because it seemed sparkly. Turns out, it's just grey. 
just dyed my hair. dissapointed, don't expect light golden brown to darken my hair! well it just did 
Has had the majority of his hair shaven off! 
 I can see my hair all over the floor...
I miss my hair dryer 
http://twitpic.com/7r169 - I already miss my hair! Not happy with my haircut 
i have an ingrown hair, it hurts so bad. 
Washing her hair,she hates her own hair style 
I want to have my hair cut short.. But I totally can't.. Or else I won't be able to tie it in a bun.. This is so depressing.. 
wishing my hair would grow already... I swear my hair takes forever to grow! 
@maestroLB mhm.  my hair dried and she's usuing a razor. and now she's pulling it with the straightener.
I absolutely hate what chlorine does to my hair 
i miss my dark hair 
Dying my hair was an epic failure. It's still dark as ever 
I want my hair to be how it used to.  I shouldn't have used that toner. Gaah.
In a hair saloon. It's scary... 
just got a haircut he mashed up my hair 
noticing longer hair around my knuckles. 
overslept. late for my hair appointment. 
My jeans are covered with cat hair 
I need another haircut already.  stupid fast growing hair!!!
is getting her hair dieddddddd. i miss my baby 
trying to find my hair dryer 
wishing I had a hair tie, its hot in here 
Y do curls always drop out of my hair  x
so many tangles in my hair 
writing before my session later... p.s i miss my long hair.. 
Hair dye in your eyes hurtsies 
pulling my hair out with this viscom 
I had planned on straightening my hair. But then the computer DIED so I didn't straighten it. 
Hair cut im scared 
@kristinburbey to bad you didn't live near me! my hair dresser moved   i loved her!
@joeynavarro I would wear a fro if I could. My hair just won't do it 
I wanna wear my natural curls so bad but its 2 hot  I guess I'll perm my hair http://myloc.me/5g18
Hair looks really good  I look pretty damn good! I'm missing a few select people. A lot  they know who they are...
i wish my would stop getting lighter! i miss my dark hair. 
My hair is too short  I just wanted a trim  boooooo!!
@EmilyKateW aaw afraid nottt! sorrry, i didnt like my blonde hair very much 
Almost all the pink has washed out of my hair now 
Finally about to get my hair washed...I hate when my stylist is behind sched.  but I love how my hair comes out! 
And like that, she was gone! (But at least her hair is natural brown again) 
booked my hair appointment 
aabinker@ no hair dye on the cealing 
making cute hair clips 
is getting ready to leave for her hair appointment 
Putting my hair in braids  what do they call me?
going for a cut, a hair cut, 3 down 4 up 
My hair is pretty much dead. does anybody know how to get smooth shiny hair LOL 
@sexc_hair I'm really not that deep. 
I got an appointment for 3:00! No more orange hair for me 
about to go to the tanning bed then to get my hair cut. 
brown hair 
@cassieventura omgs! Your like so bomb!  your really pretty. I love your new hair cut 
is rising and shining off to the hair shop 
I'm so satisfied and proud of my new expensive hair cut!! 
in the process of dying my hair 
@mileycyrus Don't dye your hair dark! I love it the colour it is 
just finished blow drying my hair! jamming to music. 
Rocking my eighties hair from now on  just call me rio
@MattBennettMB  yo hair in that clip!
@unluckyfrank When u make dreads it works well to finish all the backcombing before waxing, then use the hair dryer to melt it all in.  
My friend just pulled out a pubic hair and showed me, just to prove he had brown colored pubic hair.  haha
About to dye my hair and do my nails 
my hair doesn't look completely retarded. success 
http://twitpic.com/4wtii - new hair going to greeattt use! 
In my moms hair salon, dying my hair 
my hair is dripping wet 
new hair cut 
waiting for ashlea to finish drying her hair 
@Chantywunder P.S. u were my haircut model!  i brought a pic of u to my hair dresser!   you've got the best hair ever!!!  &lt;33
Watching qvc for ghd hair styling tips 
I tried to curl hair wit straightiner but did not work.....am now attempting to braid straight hair....i'll let you know how I go. :/  &lt;3
@megaaanftw darker i think you look really nice with dark hair  !
http://twitpic.com/5dde2 - I love my black hair 
@CarolineDy It was around 1k+.They didn't bleach it cos it might damage my hair so they used another process to lighten it 
@ReneeJRoss the hair looks great! all's well that ends well 
@babybebe i love your new hair color 
backems  i dried my hair... and nows its all poodle :o haha
@babysteph Don't forget the hair net. 
@g33kgurrl Without the hair or the falsetto 
@dietcokebottle  @hullywood_bound LOL...I'm so excited about tonight...after I finish watching svu I'm going to find a hair salon 
@kellydwen your wedding hair's pretty, i liked the colour 
says @xyfemzy, I love your hair.  http://plurk.com/p/vi2zs
dying my hair black 
hey I put salt spray in my hair its too help it 
http://twitpic.com/65xyp - Going to go wash my hair now 
is about to wash her hair 
freaking out about this interview, just quietly...at least hair's good though 
