Most common words for this cluster:
[('hand', 533), ('hurts', 28), ('right', 23), ('left', 17), ('lol', 17), ('com', 15), ('http', 15), ('today', 11), ('water', 9), ('work', 9), ('amp', 9), ('time', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hand', 0.9164077043533325), (u'hands', 0.6181963086128235), (u'absolutely_lifeless_Hermanstorfer', 0.5900771617889404), (u'Hold_dumbbell', 0.5517641305923462), (u'fingers', 0.5481211543083191), (u'finger', 0.5459755659103394), (u'bandaged_stump', 0.5367068648338318), (u'pawprint_shaped_bruises', 0.5348185300827026), (u'THE_PRESIDENT_Okay', 0.528568685054779), (u'nose_itches', 0.5275986194610596)]





played another hand very bad and lost half my stack 
M is the only thing I know like that back of my hand 
M is the only thing I know like the back of my hand 
stayed home from school, lost all my feeling in my right arm i doubt because of my broken finger(typing with one hand is harrddd) 
my hand hurts from playing so much last night  
has a very sore hand 
@katluvsdmb don't worry, I grabbed a branch halfway down. there're just no hand holds to grab to climb back up. 
He is pretty good for his age, I on the other hand suck really good 
@blackandred im not a very musical person, ive got no hand-eye coordantion to play any instroment very well 
@jonna_2 its ok but it was annoying cuz they were sitting there holding hands and i wish someone wuld hold my hand 
LOL failing miserably at guitar, my hand hurts 
i burnt the piss out of my hand! 
Oh hand scab 
http://twitpic.com/3l50n - and there it is in my hand man i almost cried 
@TimCAD I hope your hand gets better. 
@londonstarlet do you know he fell off his motorbike and he will never regain all movement in his left hand! alas,will be a gammy hand 
I'm home alone  I wish my hand wasn't jacked up so I could clean
dishwasher broken...guess i have to do the dishes by hand 
I have a rash or something on my hand... 
has black and blues on her right hand 
burnt my hand on a sandwich toaster and it really hurts! Owwwwwwww! 
@DaveMachineDean I have sufferred a particularly bad papercuts on my hand and face today  I hope you have added evil paper to your course
there is something seriously wrong with right hand up through my arm 
@jaycsantos  should code a right hand...
i hurt my right hand, but i don't know where I hurt my hand  it just happened
i just cut my hand open yesterday . now i cant move my thumb, without opening it. icould see inside my hand.     cant wait for him to come
My hand is looking hennalicious! And I'm starting to miss my new place 
back from work, washing is on, in love with hand sanitiser, really don't want to do uniwork, sigh 
Sumbody hold my hand 
Sumbody hold my hand 
My hand is really sore. I think it might be broke 
has a broken hand  
 swine flu - 1st reported case in jacksonville. there goes my anxiety. hand sanitizer for all!!!!!!
i burned my hand with chicken noodle soup   ouch! its a big burn but i wont let it get me down! i'll kiss my hand a few times extra xoxox
and i think i just broke my hand :S or there is somthing fo' shore wrong 
have woken up with a random sore hand  feeling happier though will take a deep breath and read the email from my ex....when I get to work
Sucks about his hand though. 
I guess its about time i get ready to come hand the gash in 
i just burnt my hand with boiling water 
just lost 5k in a hand 
i burned my hand  owwwy
Home, softpants on, pb&amp;j sammich in hand, knitting at the ready! I miss @jfew already 
My hand just lost in an epic battle with my cat  I hope it heals quickly!
burnt my hand on the oven. 
@tweetpea those are a must , plus I am  a hand washing / gel freak. Becuz I have 2 fake hips I have  to be xtra careful about germs 
i just burnt my hand with a lighter 
I burned the back of my hand on the oven 
http://twitpic.com/554gy - my messed up casted hand  sigh. i did my best.
My whole lip is swollen.. prolly because I bumped my hand against my piercing yesterday.. 
My hand hurts 
There's a problem in one of the weight files, so now I have to decode vertex weights again, all by hand  urg
I don burn my hand at work 
Sometimes I wish I could fly...so I can grab ur hand and sail away with you by my side...but knowing my luck i'd hit an airplane..  Lol
i feel like typing with left hand it feels unloved  
I just burned my hand from curling it 
@mark_ca you win, you're better than me. I, on the other hand, stood on the low bar crying, not wanting to jump to the high bar 
my hand is really sore this morning. its bleeding now too. pulling gloves on and off is going to a problem 
@bennycrime indeed - looking forward to using my writing hand again (left) instead of right which now clicks on the wrist every few secs 
and my hand is bruised from trying to catch that jug!  lots of little swollen bits 
I want a guy who when he holds my hand, can somehow touch my heart 
I'm having a stale brain this morning and just hurt my eye with my hand.  
I'm tired as fuck and I have a hand cramp  But off to school I go....
burnt my hand  now its blisterd  and now its weeping 
I just spread hand cream on my toothbrush by mistake. I'm such a looser. 
My other half is getting a tattoo done and I'm not there to hold her hand. I hope she's alright 
my left hand's ring finger hurts so bad 
betrayed by my own pencil..stabbed me in the hand 
There's nothing breakfasty at hand.  but I'm tired and don't feel like going to the store.
is  in mums wrk wit a swolen hand   
hand hurts really bad!!!! 
My hand hurts  What's wrong with me?!
How do you treat your hand eczema @esbjornlarsen ?  Sounds as if it is sore today 
I punched someone in the face lastnite multiple times and hurt my hand 
@nkvanhoosier You just got a really bad hand of cards this past few days, haven't you? I'm sorry. 
My hand is not raised 
burnt my hand tonight.... 
i just burnt my hand baking cookies 
my hand's aching from the flu jab. 
ruined my new dress by hand washing it myself 
Is going to get a full nights sleep tonight so her arm can get better. It's no fun being forced to use your left hand 
need to get a hand 
hand hurts 
i cut my hand open!!! 
stood on my curlers and burnt myself  then burnt my hand when i picked them up..
@nikkie20six well I learnt to use a machine yesterday! not too confident yet though so... hand sewin for me!!  xxx
has burnt my hand on the cooker, it hurts 
@NikkiCrivello i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. I cant use my thumb at all 
owe i just burnt my hand on the toaster oven 
@DaysofBigWheels I wish I could see that first hand 
@xeltaloth I fell over my dog onto concrete and tore the wound open. Not allowed to use that hand at all for a week. 
I burned my hand owwwww!!! 
my hand's sticky 
praying that my hand feels better tomorrow too   stupid cobblestone sidewalks!
I love second hand smoking  ha. I need a pack.
the down side to me playing heaps of guitar is that i know have my ordinary really white hands, but i now have bright red finger tips  oww
I can't use my right hand with my mouse  I'm going to try a Evoluent  VerticalMouse so see if I can't fix my wrist.
waiting for my plane to board. i need @useemetcouture to hold my hand when it takes off 
my hand hurts 
@LauraTanser I had a dream one of my best friends got stabbed and he was dying. I had to hold his hand and try to stop the bleeding 
my hand hurts 
#fb I should consider taking a penmanship class. After using computers for so long, my hand writing has taken a hit. 
My cat cut my hand and now it hurts 
Just hit my hand really hard with a drum stick.  
@perreau the genius had gone to the back unfortunately so can't blame him, it just flew out my hand and hit the deck 
@jcg1483 we've all seen pictures of the 3 row keyboard with the space bar on the right hand side.  that's a tough sell.
My left hand doesn't quite get along with piano keys 
I got hungry sorry  she cried! ( I guess it hurt her! Lol....this is getting out of hand!
@saRahparKerTM i didnt do it....someone hit my hand 
now ive got a bruise on my hand cause i flung and hit the table when i put them on. 
Waiting for top soil delivery truck. 10 yards and going to spread by hand 
ouch!! i just stabbed myself with a pencil and it got stuck in my hand. 
Maybe next time I should try to catch the ball with my glove and not my other hand, ouch 
i have three cuts on my hand from opening a gatorade bottle. 
Maybe next time I should try and catch the ball with my glove and not my other hand, ouch 
@mattycus on my ret pally i kept on pressing hand of reckoning and pulling off tank, talk about dumb 
No coffee when inking... hand too unsteady. 
i have four blisters on my hand now  ugh.
Just realised that strained hand means I probably can't write. Not quickly enough for interviews anyway 
burnt my hand cooking the roast  wah!
My cat just savaged my hand 
Wonders where and how I got a splinter in my hand - it's soo sore 
ohno. my mum got a deep cut on her hand n now going for stitches 
i just burnt my hand with boiling wax. I now have a massive and painful red mark.  
hitting rock bottom ... stress and sleep deprivation are starting to get the upper hand, despite liters of diet coke 
my mum came back with 3 stitches on her hand  @goodboygonebad @allyourmums
ugh... just opened my refrigerator to find out that my hand hurts too 
I tripped on the stairs and now my wrist/hand hurts 
I wanted to do hand gliding but you had to be 18 
Ouchies my hand is killing me  LOL
@XxLouLou90xX that was nasty that with the bottle. i feel sorry for your hand 
Something is really wrong with my hand/wrist 
 I burnt my hand baking, it hurts.ouch.
@binchn  yes,i  know ;) you've brocken your hand? right? what did you do? my  poor  little bine 
my hand is soooo colddddd but i have to hold it up to stop the swelling and throbbing 
hand hurts  
! @KCtweets you don't want to shake my hand? 
Thunderstorm.. I want to hold his hand... 
cromags was really awesome tonight cruel hand was bringing the mosh outbreak was sweet the mongoloids i missed   but sleeping naked  ...
skool  bisted up my hand
my hand hurts a lot this morning. maybe next time i beat someone i should wear protective hand gear. no but seriously its bruised 
My whole hand is bandaged up  cnt write either
totally lame move i burnt my hand 
@rachmurrayX  im sure they will be, the one thats just been rushed into hospital is because he managed to get a hole in his hand.
So...the palm of my hand/thumb went through a rusty nail--just my luck that my tetanus shot is out of date &amp; I have to go get a new one! 
Just flopped a royal in spades, but no high-hand jackpot, 
just broke my thumb (on my left hand) thx to my sister closing the door on it  hurts like hell 
My hand is *not* better. 
http://twitpic.com/6ezvt - I on the other hand still look my usual deathly shade of pale... 
I think i broke my hand 
OWWWW my hand is allllll tingly i hit my funny bone 
@PinchedPink And I used to think free hand sanitizer was one of the perks at work. 
my cat just scratched me so bad across the hand&amp;&amp;hit the vein..i was literally gushing blood for like a minute 
Holy mother f'er! I just burned my hand on my stupid food!  Owwww!  
i just burned the crap out of my hand... 
Not happy I accidently punched the edge of a table though, got a fat lump on my hand now 
@veropperez owwwwwww  i hurt my legs and my hand i think ill sit for awhile that really hurt
Just about to clean my hand  I have to scrub it wid a soapy wash cloth  
@michaelsarver1 What happened to your hand?  I'm glad everything went well!
@DannysGirlinSFL I don't see it  you have that lovely red x in the left hand corner.
last week i went to kenting and ate much sands... haha but got hurt both of my legs and right hand 
this is it. I'll be back with my left hand casted. 
thumbs down, literally: broken scaphoid (is found on the thumb side of the hand, within the anatomical snuffbox) - no pain no gain?  
I have a cramp in my hand. 
@katshimmers  would give ya hand if we could
I am trying to braid the fingers on my left hand. 
has a sore hand 
ughh, i have to use a bandage in my hand fro one week  why do i have to fall always? 
@lethal_logan nahh it needs hand washed  euuuuuuuugh  work is fun! total party!
Something wrong with my hand 
@simonkirkman no haha, why would I be ;) I burnt my hand on the oven, it hurts 
I am hoping that I can handle the pain,I'm not even gonna have anyone to hold my hand 
I have cake. It is chocolate. I have no cream  How can a man survive on such meager nomage? It's like eatin Frosties with your hand 
have to take a break, my hand feels broken. Only 20 more pages left (only  )
Missing my hubby...  i wish he was here to hold my hand hand hand.
off to the vampire's office. sure do wish someone was along to hold my hand. I don't likeit the needles 
my wrist really hurts today  I don't think my hand likes typing anymore. lol
Just got back-hand smacked by a black chick 
goodnightt. dad proper scared me earlier, he sliced his hand on the hedge trimmer and went to white.  it was horrible. he's okay noww. (L)
Ah I just noticed I have a cut on my palm 
@urbansmiler Looks like @alicam has his hand on my leg  http://yfrog.com/12a5xj LOL
wakin' up to love....and a spider the size of my hand 
my left hand is shaking and I don`t know why. 
@laneescrochet  bad nail day for me too.. I broke off the ring finger on the right hand.. now have to cut and file all the rest 
gmornin, i m at a hu table, fish leaves after a lil setup hand  so sick
History over and done with  lol wrote 12 pages, my hand hurts  french listening soon 
@TheSims3 yeah i have it in hand... and it's already crashed on me 2 times 
@extralife  the hand in the image of your new Appslappy podcast has only 3 fingers, poor guy 
@Eclairez_moi awe your poor hand  Has it gotten any better?
my hand just feel asleep 
@TickleMeJoey can you please give a shoutout as my hand is in pain after it was trapped in a window again today  x
Icing my hand. Ouchie 
We are slammed at work. I'm about to fall over. And I burned my hand 
@stereojorge i actually put my hand up to that hand... hahaha my hand only fits in its palm 
sitting 2 hrs in a hot auditorium is no going to be fun and having a cast on my hand is going to be painfull 
every single bone in my left hand just popped, owww.  haha
This hand is typical  http://tinyurl.com/m6ophu
We understand death for the first time when he puts his hand upon those we love. 
Just burned his hand on the oven 
Also I burned my hand on my sister's curling iron! 
I burned my entire hand with the curling iron 
cut my hand wide open 
gogster quit!  But might return! But on the other hand, I got a new style on the blog and hopefull a cooler header!
Just finished a drum track for one of my songs. Only toke me an hr. I now hav 3 blisters on my right hand  not pretty SO TIRED!
my hand fell asleep 
My little motorcycle is sad I have a broken hand. He wants me to ride him, and I wish I could. Very sad 
Just completely bashed my hand off of my door handle. It kills! 
giving my cat a pill = hardest thing ever.  i now have fresh claw marks on my hand 
clumsy me!  freshly bruise just form on my hand. ouch*
my hand's asleep  hard 2 type
Hates havin a hand that hurts 
@Bubbles86 *raises hand* / *puts hand down* I forgot, I'm already at work 
My hand hurts now though... 
Having mixed feelings about the end of school...on one hand: sleeping in! on the other hand: missing my team...and unemployed in august! 
I didn't burn my hand.. just a little warm oil fell in me.. just that.. just hot  
Just played handball my hand is swollen  http://myloc.me/2QFt
Playing softball just got done batting &amp; i think i missed up my hand 
@friendssmile is a mess  bb's hand hurtz. but we got some sterling and cheeks and chinese food and troop beverly hills!
@kdiddy hah yeah, just smashed the bejesus out of my hand moving large rocks, as in, &quot;caused visible bruise on the heel of hand&quot; smashed 
@terrikap homeboy is getting married in two weeks. no more hand holding 
i was trying to take a pic but my hand shake and the photo didnt work out 
I think i hurt my hand 
my right hand hurts from playing legato and staccato T_T damn me for cannot playing the piano w two hands 
Now it gets sad  sinking ship, arrested jack, hand-cuffed to a pole
my right hand is ache 
has a sore hand 
goddamn mosquitos just went to town on my hand. 
She's really good lol me and my left hand  lmfao
I'm frustrated! The game is soooo hard, my hand hurts 
I'm so hungry and my hand is so dead from writing a ton  i just want to get this done!
Just painted my left hand red and is having difficulties painting my right cause my left hand can't control 
..uhh!!..my hand hurts!!..all because of my kumon worksheets!!.. 
are you kidding me??............how can someone sitting on your hand result in this much pain???still can't bend my thumb 
@Katietonia why was yr hand bleeding? 
ironedmy hand 
My hand hurts mysteriously  I have a feeling it won't get along with anastasia today. Also, someone should make me a sandwich. That is all
@Tinker_belle I can feel that, I have hand washing to do for the birther 
Has a large hand and nothing to spank 
The skin on my hand is dry! It's not meant to be dry! It's red &amp; flaky 
@blk_celebutante nawwwwww that's not fair..these times they always get everything first hand I don't get nothinggggggg 
has a squito bite on her hand that itches really bad 
7300 at the break..lost a big one two hand before  -- play resumes in 30 mins
just got back from golf hand hurts 
I just pissed off my boss by taking the day off, fell down the stairs and my ankle is killing me, and just got a pin in my hand.  fml lol
@IamSpectacular aww...poor thing!! second hand smoke is a killer...espicially if it is weed!! 
@Emmbby87  cookies, you should make some. unless they are already at hand then you should eat some. That is what i do. cookie+me = better
@Short103 his hand is broken 
ouch  I have these really randm pains in my hand 
@wackyberry I started crying during hand that feeds 
@Alexhatesyou I'd raise my hand, but I didnt get a text! 
I don't think I'm making sense anymore...I feel sad about that and my hand/wrist is angry at me 
bummed that hand of mercy arent playing at kanga anymore 
back off to the flat for the last time, hand back the keys today 
i wish i was ambidextrous so i could draw pink hearts on my right hand 
has some dodgy ol' pain in her left hand side 
I burnt my hand  on like boiling water so I'm doing it bear grylls style and made my own icepack  ouchie
#iremember clackers, nearly broke my hand 
@nikkithompson had to dry my hand off, and get a fresh drink.  I didn't do it slowly and wasn't looking, so there was no hesitation!  
Just fell on the floor on my way to bathroom, my bum hurts so does my hand. This isn't very funny. I screamed too 
just found a booger on his hand. 
@JJenrodriguez I wish. No I was shaking and like I had to sleep with a chancleta in my hand 
Fucking computers gone nuts. And whacking it hurt my hand 
my guitar just cut up my hand and arm. fucking thing. ow. 
@ charlobo boo, no bella  but yay for hand-me-down scrabble dictionaries!
Although my hand got stuck to the oven tray 
@GraceDimond I was flipping or w/e it up and down and it flew out of my hand and now it's gone 
@lisacray can't get osim now. Too early.  need some all time favourite hand massage.
@zbeauvais - No idea, the joints hurt when I stretch it out  Just glad it's not my writing hand!
I wish you hold my hand, when I was upset 
I think I just broke my hand.  How can i still be such a klutz? 
@mizhalle I feel like such a chicken shit trying not to cry holding her hand when she's the one under going treatment. 
Pins in my hand for the lose. 
@kalena1995 hehehe that i am.. that i am. and i know i should but i am not really that tired. but my hand hurts 
@notliz @nikasmith I turn a plastic bag inside out usually to cover my pepper-holding hand.  But then later i touched the knife blade.  
Has just managed to stab myself in the hand, whilst trying to open the seal on the milk 
I think i know whats missing in my life  a small dog i can keep in my hand bag.
@gavreilly On one hand, yay. On the other hand, fail 
adjusting splint on my broken hand 
holly ran past me and stepped on my hand. it hurts 
to you ....  want to hold your hand but I can't. I want to hug you but I can't. I want to be there for you but I can't. i just can't 
Hey baby, can we have a start over. i tink we got a little bit out of hand then 
i wish i could paint the nails on my right hand as well as i can paint the nails on my left hand 
@corky1994 for you the hand gestures are completely over, this is just because it is you.. sorry i didn't wait for you today babyface 
@BrokenGrandma I know  I should go hand in my badge and firearm at the whore station :/
I have 2nd degree burns all over my left hand and no interesting story behind it 
really need a helping hand here 
@hannahrochelle That's my hand 
I just burn my hand with boiling water... 
Our washing machine decided to start leaking from the bottom. Looks like we'll be doing laundry by hand for a while 
@ buhrandee i eat you one time ! haha my hand hurts MORE 
I cut my hand on my door....better not scar  all bloody..ew
Ouch! the cat just scratched me, must have hit a bone in my hand, as started bleeding and is bruised 
buggered up my hand 
@voyagerfan5761 i hate it when that stuff happens - tried to save a mouse but i smushed its brains in with my hand. stroked it as it died 
my hand hurts  its like norbit (@alwaysrecycle) except invisible and painful
ouch, i now have a burn blister on my hand from boiling hott water  its huge. And college is busy  i need a pc to work raaah.
Lol I was in a total daydream and the ticketman like waved his hand in front of me and scared me 
is it ever ok to cry when you fall over running for the bus and cut your knees and hand to pieces?  
getting a new one about friday...don't hold tea and your phone in the same hand 
Shredding paper...by hand... 
So I just realized that I only use two fingers on my right hand when I type, and it's totally bothering me 
quite bored, not much to do when you've got a swollen hand wrapped in a bandage  very painfull
my hand is asleep and its really annoyin 
burned my hand and tongue on microwaved lasagna 
Ouch must stop sitting at desk with hand under my chin. now have a big hurting spot there 
merging csproj files by hand. This is what I get for holding off merges  
@Bscottyberg  but at least it wasnt yer dominant hand
getting ready to head to the doctor to get my right hand looked at 
Its official hand broke  got a big ass cast
Going to take alyze to hospital she hurt her hand 
using the mouse too much gave my right hand massive cramps. 
http://twitpic.com/7o2go - im typing with one hand :'( it hurts so muchhh 
@sephiros Angels wasn't too bad. Salvation in the other hand [shudder].  I seriously don't want them to remake the original 
so tired but cant sleep, too much pain in my hand  hopefully painkiller will kick in soon...
walkin around avery estates wishing i had a hand to hold 
I just banged my hand on the table and my ring broke!  im kind of seeing the humor in it though!
@Oberstconor I realized tonight that many parts of me are more of a shaking hand than a nodding head.  
lost 300 quickly (10 mins!) at bj earlier in evening.   +17, with about 3 decks gone.  i was doing $50-$75/hand. lost quick, bad cards.
What do you do when you get the biggest (almost perfect) opportunity in hand but it's unattainable? 
ok so i ran my hand under cold water for like 8 minutes and it's still throbbing 
i have a blister on my hand from opening a waterbottle and it hurts 
got a 2nd hand tamron instead...tho its cheaper..the image seems less sharp and detailed..i guess i gotto live with it for now 
UUggghhh....spilled some of my hot oatmeal on my hand!!.. 
@Stickyplasters I need a firm, guiding hand to keep me on the straight and narrow 
Just wipped my ass with my left hand........missed 
fell on the sidewalk...ouch my poor hand 
@juliaroy Is it the sanding dust, the noise of the sanding (hand or power?) - or a combination of both?  
@tincan23 *shows hand* I just lost the game 
Just been stung by a bee on my hand - wave of guilt hit me as I watched it die 
I cant get any bandaids to stick to the palm of my hand 
The dogs on the other hand have frozen over water bowls 
@xandersly dang chicken, slipped right out of my hand 
ouch! i just burnt my hand really badly on the rack from the oven. i misjudged the size of the potholder. 
@MuddyMooseAK oh cool! Which sample did you get? oh and sorry about your hand 
I think my 6yr old has broken a bone in his hand   and summer has just begun!
just burnt my hand with raemen noodles... 
I might have to redo my right hand. 
Thinking about how bad my hand hurts from the cat bite at work 
@mskarenbaby biotch you didnt even offer an invite or an extended hand full of cash 
I put my hand under, and it was really hot...  
Trying my hand at henna... I think I made it too watery  http://yfrog.com/658zsj
injured my hand 
i mopped my floor with a bucket pinesol+water, bare hand &amp; a microfiber sponge. shit is peeling the epidermis off my right hand. 
when they asked who wanted to be a zookeeper when they grew up i was the only one who raised my hand 
Mission accomplished 99 red ballons, 9 left over and i have to pump them up myself with a hand pump cause parental said no helium 
@gigdiary Fingers on left hand have square tops due to years of violin abuse...and my fingernails still won't grow on that hand 
Ouch, burned my hand cooking dinner and now have a nice collection of blisters 
My hand looks like it has leprosy, and I look terrible in V-neck shirts. 
OWWW i hit my hand on the corner of my laptop 
@shelightsupwell I want toooooooooooo.... @adrain_windrose touches my hand for stupid reasons. 
I hate this diet  first meal of the day just not, and all the food can fit in the palm of my hand lol
@illybeedot i done messed up my hand 
has cut her hand washing dishes 
Ooooooouutch!  I just bit by a masqueto on my hand..
Who's never ever wearing short shorts again out of paranoia? *raises hand* 
Not feeling to good, I think I hurt my hand pretty bad ... typing is not fun right now, not a good thing for a writer  
almost vomited as I watched in slow motion the giant, open wound on the man's hand I was about to shake 
Also, I just tried to stick my hand into the TV. It didn't work. 
My hand looks freakish, and my arm aches.  I need a twug. 
my clumsy self...hit my hand on the edge of the door and bent it. it hurts  there's strong then there's army strong.
I get back and less than 3 hours i get injured.. I burned my fingers and now i can't use one hand  god i am so accident prone 
@lindseylu They are not.   About two years ago Jlist had them, and everyone was doing double takes.  They said &quot;hand massager&quot;
@mjmbecky My original feed and most links on my review index are broken  I hope they fix it...redoing it all by hand would be such a pain.
@Gaminegirlie But I love my right hand 
my hand hurts sooo much 
Put your hand up if you just love it when every form of technology goes out in your house 
So I was playing with guns today and hurt my hand  That will learn me huh???
I scraped my hand  but @toyayu tended my wound, I feel like I'm five again! She's soooo sweet! I love my mommy!!
I scraped my hand  but @toyayu tended to my wound, I feel like I'm five again! She's soooo sweet! I love my mommy!!
@RosieKeomala only wit a gun in his hand.... It's a dam shame that nobodies tough without a gun these days 
is very very sad she isn't going to see muse   on the other hand i need to go out more often you know more about me than i do!
@nickjfrost What happened to your hand!? 
she scratched me so hard on my hand that my skin is peeled off a bit and it bleeded even... 
I've got fusball hand 
@mikeyway broke my middle finger on my right hand  i cant play bass for six weeks. any tips?
My sis got to touch joes hand. 
showering with one hand takes for fucking ever. i think the shampoo knew i only had one hand and decided to not wash out easily. 
my hand is throbbing. i am no longer a fan of toaster ovens. 
Spilling boiling water on my hand= alot of pain 
oww i should not have rubbed my eye with the hand i used to handle jalapeno peppers, it burns 
finally getting back to work, having a coffee in one hand and have to deal with some e-mails  
THAT didn't go well, wasted $$$ on a handprint mold, river wouldn't cooperate and the mold dried before i could get his hand in it. 
I burn my hand...and hurt so much 
messed up my wrist  i cant move my hand!
hahaha my hand hurtss so bad 
ok, this wasp sting puffed up my hand... 
@ddlovato once, i hurt my hand on the elevator's door 
@tommcfly hey tom  reply me, please? i think my hand will fall 
@tommcfly hey tom  reply me, please? i think my hand will fall
@tommcfly hey tom  reply me, please? i think my hand will fall
poor mama, her hand is swollen from that yellow jacket sting 
hand sanitizer + open cuts = bad idea. 
i'm not liking the light saber... it hurts my hand 
I got a tattoo on my hand now, is that unprofessional?!?! 
My mother, on the other hand... 
my hand hurts 
@MattiaRenee aw poor baby all that 2nd hand smoke! 
riding to the hospital, messaging w/ my left hand b/c my right hand is tingling 
@KingTexas I fell  ugh my hand is grizoooos! And it hurts bad
Catched my hand on my razor now a tiny chunk is missing and really badly bleeding 
@Disklabs it is shockingly boring isn't it! I am sure I could count the on track passes since lap 1 on one hand 
@heymisterdj okay, this shoot is dragging  that green screen is making my headache worse, and i have to hold the iphone w/ my hurty hand!
wants everything to be alright again. I want to hold his hand and squeeze him.  oh how i miss, how i miss.
ouch! cut my hand trying to open a juice bottle again.  i have such soft girly hands.
Using my hand as a hammer is really unenjoyable. But that is what i wil be doing for the next 2 hours 
@lifewithroses aww princess  what u been doing with your hand!
my hand hurts SO much and i have no idea why?! 
I hurt my hand some how. 
@fbexpunge i was mounting a poster to the board and when i flipped it around to cut it it sliced my hand 
Something bit me on the hand and it itches like crazy 
curating a list of 894 items by hand 
Operation on my hand I think  http://myloc.me/5dpd
I hit my hand on the desk 
Just accidentally hit my hand on the desk. Yes, the hand that has the huge bruise on it... I felt a tear. Wow that hurt 
i aim to please...tequila on the other hand does not....sad but true 
My hand is killing me...carpel tunnel is kicking my ass today...I'm just falling apart 
Just scolded hand 
@m3lissad but see, your purse avails you to have them on hand! men are deficient in this aspect of preparedness... 
homee from softball; swollen and bruisedd hand noww  ughh.
shower. hand still hurts. can't get a hold of tim 
@w00dRabbit too bad I don't have the kind of hand you like 
has a sore hand  bloody work!!
To write 100 times a theory for mathematics is a torture my hand continues hurting me! 
i have a bug bite on my hand. and one on my arm. 
omg i just spilled hot water on my hand for my tea.  its red and it  burns now.    water pwned me
@goldiestarling  I wish I had hands like you. I'll let my man try next time lol I'm awful with a paint brush.. you on the other hand....
The freeway is finally back up to 100!!! And I think my hand is twitching from writing too much in the exam 
@AlexLJ This is where hand gestures come in handy, don't mouth insults though, I did that once &amp; forgot to just mouth it, boss not happy 
@_scene_queen_ he punched glass and he has cuts and shit all over his hand! 
has crippled his right hand 
@wallewhoa i dont have my favorite red hoodie at hand right now 
The birds mock me -- the elusive ones show themselves when I do not have camera in hand 
If a dude can do this I will thank him and shake his hand 
nearly holidays    on the other hand.... camping D: D: D:
@MichaelCalienes sure it is..... ;-) No, actually a hand grenade.  
U2 and 'tallica tix in hand.  I am happy 
@shawnmichael I have first hand experience with that brother 
@RobWinmar let me know if you need a hand!  will give you &quot;mates rates&quot; :-p
@jdnorton thanks for lending the power guys a hand to get it back online 
http://twitpic.com/3l6hz - me, again. and my cool hand 
and my bag is well heavy so if u see me struggeling on the northern line later...a helping hand wud b much appreciated!! 
Now there is a project in my hand , that i'm working on it 
@newjerseyphil I am actually preparing the package for the accountant, ;) who is waiting for me tomorrow with a stick in hand 
Headed to a&amp;e to get my arm checked out - it's doubled in size!! Driving and tweeting with one hand  not now of course, stopped for java.
@charlesyeo No first hand experience but I'm not ruling out the possibility 
Money is like a hand of sand, slowly slipping throu my hand. Dummdidumm... 
@tpr2 A nice port or other fortified in hand I hope 
http://twitpic.com/3cftm - hand made from scratch 
@mariedancerr  i may slip up, you knw.. if i won a m&amp;g, hand joe a pick and a wink ;)... muhahaahhaha 
@meganrogers my mind. or my hand? in my PANTS!! hahahahahaha... 
@RachelBlack1 ::thinks to self weird:: ok well lets go *hold hand* 
It seems after a few mentions I am becoming a swine flu focal point? So remember take hand tissues with you and wash your hands often 
@KateWritesBooks  for edits recline with laptops on  laps, tea at hand - for moving well there is no rest so edits first me thinks 
After that I realized I just pit by hand in a toilet  thank god nothing was in it. After that the buttons wasn't working =.=
Headed to work with coffee in hand 
@jantielens @stefanvds Haha, my last shoot at a gig, there was one holding his hand before the flash, because it kept on popping out  LOL
can officially crack eggs with one hand! 
@adaggio1 I've got a tattoo on my hand  do it, they look sick!
@eskimotuesday so true, they do go hand in hand but only for some 
@tranini *drools* *raises hand* me want me want 
@springtree We have excesses of furniture (mostly hand-me-downs) wish I lived in your 'hood so I cld give you some. 
My hand-sanitizer smells amazing. Reminds me of the shore. It fills me with happy. 
@iDrewbs ouch!  Just switch it to classic t9 if u can text with one hand 
There's so much responsibility in one little key that fits in the palm of my hand.. And I just gave it back 
@saraparker http://twitpic.com/4j763 - take this hand of the view!!!!!!!! 
http://twitpic.com/4jbwh - we were at a sleepover, and nobody stops me when there's a camera in my hand 
Just sat down to play a quick hand of poker and won $5k on my first hand with a flush. I'm done for today 
@natalietran not to seem like some crazy paedofile typing with one hand and fiddling with my willy in the other but you the coolest ever 
@Sianz lemons? I'd favour hand grenades, with the pins removed for the cockney shite she produces! 
Finally picked up some handwraps, but struggling to wrap my stronger hand with the other! Defo should have got some a lot sooner though 
@sparrowstudio They turned out great! And I had a killer workout before-hand so no guilt 
@iggyp We gotta hand out when you get back. 
@ManonBlaauw ooh i know it, i can hold your hand 
- off to hampstead we go  - pick nick basket in hand.
food on the other hand... is what I need right at this moment.... my sisters are late... darn I'm hungry  http://plurk.com/p/swcyi
there's something about sunshine and a fabulous mood that go hand in hand, ya know? 
according to marga, i have the upper hand 
He sits on my hand with that loving smirk  http://tinyurl.com/qahfgs
&quot;can't let the music stop.. until i touch your hand..&quot; = touch my hand @DavidArchie. 
@mafraederscheid always with a brush in your hand, have a special day 
i felt like i was five again last night for sleeping with my blanket over my ear and my hand on top of that to stop the thunder 
http://twitpic.com/4wvp6 - luv being an aunty  hand them back when they cry!!!
@BrianMcnugget I'd like to think I had a hand in that decision 
@miss_om indeed.. the iching, the intuition, the hidden hand  ... all guide us .. if we allow it   human volition is great, fate good too
@swirlyarts As long as you enjoy doing it  I on the other hand don't know much about sewing except sewing my cards.
@3aneeda LOL 3 weeks, hehe , I don't know writing by hand ... but on keyboard it's easy  ... the secret is practice .... 
harlee woke up and wants attention now  goofy cat grabs my hand and pulls it to her head or kisses my hand and rubs her face on it.
david archuleta - touch your hand... love it really 
@nicholasnick I am ready with my rolled up magazine in hand, 
has to go to scool 2moz on the other hand..., band at 6 
@taiforever done geo finally. now i have a hand cramp :/ photocopying it for you now  -s
hello my handycaaaam, you are on my hand 
@abmendez I sometimes play #guitar with the side of the pick because it's easier to get a 'ping' effect using the edge of my thumb. 
@nealejames spoken like a true native of the shire! i look forward to learning more vocab and customs, not to mention hand gestures  xxx
@ILuvMyiPhone88  look on left hand side at other sites I belong to  http://www.youtube.com/user/jima6636
Today was fun? Not really it sucked I coloured my hand in math 
@beaumitchell You kicking back, beer in hand, watching footy yet? 
...just found an extra finger on my hand....... oh no maybe not still only 6 
I have a new hand bag! Its fabulous! 
ooooo I cracked a egg wit one hand! 
@honeemel:better late than never le me guess, falls asleep while packing and a chocolate in one hand heheheh 
beautiful mornings, on the other hand... 
@dannychoo That's rather impressive. That due to holding breath and steady hand or image stab tech? 
@dnajd ha!  no, the salary goes hand in hand with the ace pitcher part.  
@ThePuma35 i'm doing well. just staying focused on the matters at hand. 
where else could you get a hand painted custom canvas flag for 10:00  http://bit.ly/9cr4v
A lady next to me is quilting.  I realized that there is nothing quite like a hand-made quilt to make you feel comfort and security 
@WiltingSoul  can i give you a hand? no i'll take a leg lol  i'm tryin a for effort lol
@gpelz out of hand? nah, we hardly got started  #decemberists
@twinkle47 it wasent easy,,, she squeezed my hand so hard during the birth !!! But I was strong  lol
@RebekahHarriman thanks - funny that coffee in my hand  now 
@hisart76 Nothing soothes a smoker like a cloud of 2nd-hand smoke. 
