Most common words for this cluster:
[('hangover', 182), ('hangovers', 17), ('night', 7), ('hell', 5), ('day', 4), ('lol', 4), ('amp', 3), ('slight', 3), ('remedies', 3), ('haha', 3), ('sleep', 2), ('suffering', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hangover', 0.9865769743919373), (u'hangovers', 0.8097562193870544), (u'hungover', 0.5927237868309021), (u'indigestion', 0.5817074775695801), (u'blahs', 0.5654855370521545), (u'malaise', 0.5402529239654541), (u'jet_lag', 0.536457359790802), (u'overindulgence', 0.5358517169952393), (u'Marital_bliss', 0.5305490493774414), (u'Hangovers', 0.5213904976844788)]





has a hangover 
have got a slight hangover 
I need a hangover cure 
I need some hangover remedies. Currently feeling a mess 
has a hangover from last night 
@thtswhtshsaid unfortunatly no, my dad drove here and isn't too happy with my hangover/vomit situation he had to deal with earlier sorry 
I realised scrambled eggs on a hangover not a good combination 
@home, hangover 
dying of a hangover 
Bad hangover 
just lying in bed with the biggest hangover 
i have the hangover from hell  i think i'm going to die
god dam selfridges is tough with a hangover!!... i need a cure, the brunch didn't cut it 
i have a really bad hangover 
got a hangover 
I has a hangover    courtney :]
I partied a bit too hard and have an ugly hangover 
asfuwegharegu hangovers = 
such a hangover 
I'm waiting for my hangover to kick in. I know it's on it's way 
@TilliChapman haha, my sister would love me to take her to see that ! but i have a hangover   and tbh, i dnt think i could handle her !
stinking stinking hangover today 
was slightly forgetting how bad these hangovers can be. i feel horribleeeeeeeeeeeeee. 
hangover 
@abacab1975 aawww hehe i woke up with a hangover 
Just getting over an epic hangover and missing out on menomonie tonight because of it. 
@wills19610 No  I hate it when you're ill and it's not even your fault! You're not allowed to complain about hangovers!
I have my first hangover ever...I do not like it one bit 
@AndyCorney LOL I wish it did! I always get a shifty hangover 
Why in the hell has bacon and eggs not cured my hangover 
living out the full horror of my hangover at work. i want my bed 
Does anyone have any real remedies for a hangover??? Pleassseee I'm dying ova here 
disapproves of hangovers. i feel ill. 
Currently in possession of a small hangover hat. 
i woke up without a hangover... now i've got one  not fair!
I actually woke up this morning without a hangover. someone HAS to get this shit written down but my throat makes up for the hangover 
champagne hangover 
@tacojones I have the 2 day hangover 
is nursing a terrible hangover 
Ugh...such a hangover 
healthy food is NOT helping my hangover 
still having a hangover 
ugh... hangover. sign that i'm getting old 
Fighting off a low lying hangover... so annoying 
hangover is a bitch 
just got up with a hangover... 
attending my hangover 
is dying slowly of hangover-itis. 
i have a really bad hangover....  all i want is sleep!!
@Shealan i would go outside but my hangover won't let me 
I has a hangover. 
Moving with a hangover is no bueno 
@peejles aw. hun. hangovers are no good. 
Ouchies. My hangover is creeping up on me 
is trying to cure a hangover 
@troublebrother I've got a hangover and no lie in 
i hate hangovers........ 
I have a terrible hangover 
suffering from the second day of my hangover 
I am so dying. I have the worst hangover imaginable. It hurts to even blink 
hangover's a bitch 
team hangover 
was prayin to get off early but my supervisor had a hangover and got off early so that's a negative for me 
Any remedies for a hangover? I wanna die on my way to work 
@heartmisuse I was in Morrisons 2. It's huge, didn't expect it to be so big. At the airport now with a fairly large hangover 
the epicness is now over now here comes the hangover... yay... 
had a great night, despite the massive hangover headache that i'm now experiencing...tommy's bacalaureate at 4 &amp; back to work tomrrow 
Really bad hangover 
hangovers suck. 
going to work with a slight hangover 
Bad hangovers really do make you feel like you're dying 
@ShannaMoakler I'm crazy hangover too 
Still got a hangover from hell  but it was so worth it!
i have a hangover  :o
I think I may have a hangover from prom.  No more chocolate covered strawberries for me!
At the laundrette with a hangover, the spin cycle is going to hurt me 
@trevward to trev ,,, just had the hangover from hell 
Urrrgh...hangover. I'd forgotten how much I don't like them 
I can't cope with this heat. Not with a hangover! I need my bed to be cold right now 
nursing my immense hangover 
up and on with it, feel like I have a bad hangover which is really bad as haven't had a drink at all 
@MISSMONMON what r men like!? LOL I feel my hangover trying to catch up on me. 
hangover...  
going to watch the hangover.... And missing my pain 
the hangover is hysterical. shower. bed. not looking forward to tomorrow 
ugh didn't see up it was sold out   saw the hangover it was hilarious
Watching the hangover hungry as fuck. 
Still don't think i've fully recovered from my hangover 
Note to self : hangovers are not fun. 
Has the worst hangover in the world after a really boozy night... 
raining     so no thrifting     ..... i have a hangover to keep me company ..... ouch ..... and have to do it all over again tonight ;)
@craziex3 no i do NOT have a hangover! haha &amp; no he didnt  cos it was laaaate &amp; in bed still you? 
@laavenus i've got a massive hangover lor... and you din pick up when i call you last night... again!! as usual... 
has the worst hangover ever 
Having a hangover. I'm hungry 
Burning cd's with a hangover 
all my hangover have come at ones 
@mknell i wisssshhhhhhhhh i could goooo   the hangover is hilarious, and i love burgers 
i feel like i have a hangover and i havent gotten drunk in a year 
i have a huge hangover 
Whooooooo! hangover 
I think i have a sleep hangover 
Fckn hangover! 
Has a hangover 
i have one baaad hangover 
mmmm bedtime! not looking forward to how this hangover plans out 
@chucky i feel like i have a hangover too. unfortunately i was drinking. 
i want to see the hangover! but everyone is seeing it already 
At century city and I wanna see the hangover but there all sold out  I have 2 settle for land of the lost or maybe sneak into hangover LOL
i hate hangovers. headache now! 
sad that hangover was sold out  maybe next time
@starchild112 I'm glad u saw hangover without me  just joking, was it really that funny?
only one more night with @gregoryfocker  i miss you already! ps the hangover is hilarious
I want to see the hangover again. 
has a very bad hangover 
hangover 
Recovering from beachfest! and not enjoying the hangover 
double hangover! ooooooooooo 
Off to work w/a nasty hangover 
This hangover is terrible 
Dying with a hangover 
You can't get a hangover if you never go t sleep  wedding was fun though.
Recuperating from a busy weekend! (hangover)  
@danelle how was the hangover?  i want to see it - but don't want to be disappointed 
@bjolena hangovers suck 
I need a good workout to kill this hangover! 
working out how to use twitter with a hangover 
worst... hangover... ever! 
the hangover is soldout  going on an adventure with @lilibaby.
the hangover was so funny! i suck at twitter lately. sorry 
The hangover was hilarious. I'm so tired though I am going to pass out. I have so much to do tomorrow 
waking up without @albumcoverart is far worse than waking up with any hangover  haha
.K I'm off to work!  I have a feeling this is going to be one long hangover inflicted shift! Laterss!
hangover..... 
watchin the players club-mini hangover  i got a headachee..GOOODMORNING!
i still have yet to watch the hangover. 
i want to see 'the hangover'. 
@markryesNeed to go to shop so i might just do that. I'm meant to be doing some filming at 4 so really need to shake the hangover asap 
@markryes Need to go to shop so i might just do that. I'm meant to be doing some filming at 4 so really need to shake the hangover asap 
hangovers arent cute 
i really really really want to see the hangover and pelham!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but no one to go with  ugh
I have a nap hangover. 
@prettyashleyxo worrrrd hangover with no @youngwonder 
Wow wot a hangover I have got! 
that is one masssive hangover i have there 
wtf, abit hangover  I hate this.......
day off !! why do i feel so crap ???? i'm calling this a tiredness hangover 
the hangover wasnt as funny as i expected 
Early start and hangovers are not good 
has got a major hangover 
hangover! not good 
I got the wine flu last night. Now I have a hangover 
hangover 
 hangover not good..
just woke up, its was raining so much yday  saw the hangover, it was funny! i like new york but its exhausting lol
hangovers bloww. now i have to go to work? ahhh. i want to sleep 
Should have seen the hangover instead. 
Just woke up with a hangover 
suffering with a baaad... hangover 
how the hell can I have a hangover? I didn't even have much to drink 
maybe cinema tonight? the hangover? cinema has become quite expensive... 
OH! I have to go to work with  a bad hangover... 
This is a bad hangover 
I am laying in bed dying with a hangover!!! 
now off to work with somewhat of a hangover 
@rocboyjig it really hasn't started...i'm experiencing a slight hangover, so i feel awful  but i'm good though
I'm hungry and hungover...not a good mix 
hangover!!! 
having a hangover...arghhhhhhh 
went out last night and is suffering the consequences of the alcoholic beverage...one word hangover 
@lliswerryguy That's not fair, how can you not have a hangover 
who knew staying up soo late can have this drunk effect on you!! wow i feel ive been drunk for two days with a hangover.....wow 
just recovering from hangover 
has just woke up , got a mega hangover 
Bulmers hangovers hurt 
have such abad hangover 
I have a hangover 
@himynameisgrimm what's wrong with seeing the hangover again..? 
mary and terese went to see the hangover, ragged i missed it, i was away from 6.15 to 10.30! the whole evenin was gone! 
@rarelady lol i didnt realise how much i was tweeting yesteerday - my bad  was a happy hangover day for me though
uuuuugh i still have a caffeine hangover... 
watching the hangover with sore gums 
i want to see the hangover!!  no moniez
Watching the hangover and not transformers. Fml 
 hangover
@firsttiger I actually avoided a the hangover 
hangover clearing 
@gpelz I aim to please  (and appease hangovers)
@Danasgems no hangover? 
Still having the travel hangover 
I am up and feeling pretty damn gud! I dont even have a hangover what a nice feeling 
doesnt have a hangover  and is getting ready for a good ol' english fry up 
I woke up with a horrible hangover. 
not enjoying the hangover!  and it wasn't worth it! ok maybe it was 
besssst weekendddd , hangover to the max (n) but good funnn 
just woke up, i actually love how i dont suffer from hangovers 
Finally im legal to drink with no more regret than the hangover 
@bloowind YES!  i have david hangover.
