Most common words for this cluster:
[('happy', 393), ('day', 270), ('mothers', 140), ('birthday', 77), ('mother', 62), ('mom', 30), ('moms', 27), ('today', 25), ('everyone', 22), ('bday', 18), ('fathers', 17), ('lt', 15)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Happy', 0.9998923540115356), (u'Tail_Ale', 0.6031915545463562), (u'Actor_Jeremy_Northam', 0.5812783241271973), (u'Merry_Christmas_Happy', 0.5559324622154236), (u'Happy_Belated', 0.5472368001937866), (u'Happy_belated', 0.5356507301330566), (u'Gung_Hay_Fat_Choy', 0.531147837638855), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.5305662751197815), (u'Happy_Valentines_Day', 0.529018759727478), (u'Valentine_Daze', 0.5264331102371216)]





Happy and sad, I don't have to go into work until 3:25 today, but I miss out on my 12 Asian kids on a bus route. 
Happy birthday to one of my dear friends AICYD!!! sorry I couldn't make it tonight   Hope you had fun!!
Right... getting set for back to work 2moro.... ugh!  so that basically means ironing for england   Happy sunday!
Happy bicycle day! so devo'd didnt get on it 
Happy from go karting yesterday but normal school routine starts tomorrow. 
Happy sumdal twitt-friends. Its very windy and cold down here so no golf today 
Happy to be off today, I would love to be able to stay home in my jammies all day and do nothing, however that won't happen! 
Today's storm has taken some of the heat out of the air. Happy for now, but mildly fearful of the coming summer. I may die... 
I am eating my last piece of carrot-birthday cake  Happy 30th to me.
...don't you hate getting woken up! Happy mothers day everyone! I am sooooo tired 
Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there! How's the weather looking at your place...its cold and rainy in sydney 
Happy mother's day .. I miss my mum.. 
Happy mommys day, wish my mami was here 
I miss and love you mommie!! Happy mothers day you all, don't forget to call your mums. It's hard when your unable too. 
I feel bad for the people who don't have mothers in their life today  Happy mothers day though.
Going to visit with my mom! Happy mothers day! And then doing CATS one last time....my last musical at south columbus ever 
Happy mothers day to me. I get to go grocery shopping. 
Happy mothers day mommy! I miss you big spoon 
Happy mothers day to all the mothers. I am spending mine at work instead of with my beautiful girls! 
So mad it's going to storm. Now I can't buy my new furniture  oh well... Happy mothers day one and all
Happy mother's day! I wish my mama was back already. 
Happy Mothersdayyy..I miss my mommyyyy..too bad I can't b with her on this special day cuz she's more than 4000 miles awayy 
sitting around...prbly gonnna have to clean our garage for mothers day...  Happy mothers day to every mother out tthere!!
Happy mothers day... exept my mother isn't too happy... 
Happy birthday me!  Happy birthday evil identical twin! We're old 
@emaxio still @ the courthouse!     Happy to have a job... sad its this one!
Happy as hell to finally be home. Bummed I'm missing a poetry event  but gotta pay bills till side biz come$ out on top, right?
To the little bastards that scrawled stuff on my windows last night: you are little bastards. Happy Luilack 
@heart_3boys Happy 4 month birthday! I'm right there with you, I can't believe mine is rapidly approaching 6 months. 
Happy birthday brittany! I remembered when I turned 18! Now I'm old 
Happy late birthday! @dubbausa  You old man! I went and celebrated our birthdays last night, and am hungover on my bday  How r u feeling?
@WeTheTRAVIS aww - i'll probably be asleep at midnight  so i'll just say it now lol - Happy 5th band birthday!!  yous are amazing!!
Happy 100th tweet! 15 hour work day  http://bit.ly/voteforsusie
Happy memorial day!I want to go shopping 
Waking up to my son pooping his pants and then blasting chester french in his room. Happy monday! I have to go to the dentist today 
just got finished having a very productive morning...had to walk into work an hour and a half late though  Happy first everyone!
@raykeenanqueen kok bisa ibund??  hiks hiks... Happy bday andung!!!
Happy birthday daddy, life sure is a bit gloomy without you here. I miss you so much. 
Happy doughnuts day! dangit, I didn't to get any free doughnuts! 
can feel a cold comming on  but is going to enjoy today despite feeling not great..Happy one year to my baby, heres 2 the first of many!xx
@luvara Happy birthday hun  Is there not any vegan cake?  xxx
Happy anniversary to myself and my hair. Its been exactly one year since I hacked it all off. A year later and its still the same length 
Happy 6th birthday, Mattycakes... *sighs* 
Happy that my husband is so helpful to my family, but bummed that he is spending our only mutual day off in forever not here.  
Happy schools gonna be ova in 3 days sad that i probably wont see most of you guys after that! 
@BethRosen Happy birthday to them! And congrats to you for surviving 16 years! ;) Driving is scary - not looking forward to mine driving. 
Happy birthday mom....I miss you 
Happy birthday @robmademedothis and I hope everyone is having a better day then me. 
Studying all day, everyday!  Lol. Yay! Happy birthday, janice!
Goddangit! Happy #420! #MMOT sorry I'm late, I missed da #GANJABUS  smoked early 4got 2 luk at time......
Happy to see my lettuce plants are growing in leaves and bounds, fertilized I think by cat poop that mysteriously appears in dirt heaps. 
Just finished my last music exam.. Happy that I wont do another one ever again, but sad that it's the last day that I get to play the sax 
Getting up this early every morning is no fun. I already miss college  Happy to be a working girl though!
Happy hump day, off to work....  http://twitpic.com/7m0oy
On my way to work! I can't believe its my brothers graduation today ! Happy and sad 
wow, 2 months after my first &quot;tweet&quot;, haha. Now here's my 2nd one. Happy it's summer, no school for 2 months! next: college applications 
Up way too early but need to go to work. So sad  Happy living my life in an air conditioned stupor.
Happy friday everyone despite all the rules...can we still laugh or do we have a maximum laugh per day? 
Happy 18th birthday to my little sis!! The older she gets the older I get 
@tomguilmette Happy birthday you old bahstard...I turn 35 this year 
sun started to shine after I got home from the golf course  Happy midsummer for everyone anyway!
Happy birthday john taylor!i'd have made you happier than that de cadenet bint 
Happy Caturday furrends.  C U Laterz cuz Meowmy's got to beat feet to the grocery store B 4 the big rain hits. grrrhisss, no patio 2 day 
Just had some crazy ass party at my house. So many people. It was my moms 30th birthday! Happy birthday mom(you don't have twitter  ).
Just had some crazy ass party at my house. So many people. It was my moms 40th birthday! Happy birthday mom(you don't have twitter  ).
Happy fathers day 
Happy fathers day  i couldn't buy anything for my daddy (
@MzPurrfection Happy birthday!!! I wanna talk to you a bit my friend 
Happy father day dad! Even thou your in panama 
Happy fathers day shame i dont feel to well hayfever really getting to me this year 
@andy457 Happy birthday! Also, I hate falling alseep when I'm trying to stay up 
Happy father's day    
Happy father's day! too bad my daddy is on vacation now 
Happy father's day... I miss my dad 
Happy fathers day i gotta study exams tomorrow 
Happy father's day! I miss my dad. 
Studyng marketing  Happy day dad!! 
Hhhh flu  now is dinner, and then we'll go back to jkt. yay the food is coming nowww. Happy eating everybody hihi
Happy fathers day! Missing my dad today 
@mattlogelin welcome to mpls! Happy fathers day! We've been having some nice weather this weekend but I think it's going to rain today. 
Happy fathers day all you dads out there. I get to work. 
You never kno what you have until its gone... Happy father's day papi 
Happy fathers day to all the dad's there, I'm getting ready for work 
Happy farthers day! I only got 6 hours of sleep 
Happy daddy's day to all. to bad the hubby's missing is 1st. 
Happy fathers day! Leaving the track but I don't want to drive home without my baby 
Missing my grandpa. Happy father's day. 
I feel bad 4 all the daddy's in iran fighting  that cant have their kids come up to them with a card and say, &quot;Happy father's day daddy!&quot; 
Happy B-day to me, my dad's a dick and I've never met him  so congrats to u loser suck it nerd, I'm still here.
Happy father's day. I wish I could enjoy it with my son, though sadly I cannot. 
Happy day of the fathers , (: buhhyeah im bored &amp; i miss daniela. lol 
Happy fathers day daddy, wish I was home with my family  ....Only love can break your heart
Happy fathers day to all the daddys that actually spend time wit their seeds  :'(
Happy fathers day! 
Happy daddys day ppl! lof ya papi!... in other maters all the hoping didnt pay off 
Happy fathers day! It's still too hot to shoot some hoops 
Happy fathers day daddy...wish you were here to tell you.  I miss you and think about you every day.
Goodmorning! Happy fathers day daddy!! I wish you weren't on a plane and that you could come back for wednesday  i miss you already
Happy father's day! Spending it with some great dad's buy sadly not mine  love you daddy!
Happy father's day dad rest in peace. 
Happy father's day to my hubby - great daddy to his three little &quot;birds&quot; (as he calls them). Too bad you have to work today! 
Happy fathers day to all the dads out there..just called my dad right now..im not a dad so i get to go to work for 9 hours today 
Happy father's day!! Lunch with dad then heading back for my last 3 days in sc 
@Sunshineliron Happy bday, sorry i couldnt attend your bday chat but im workin 
At the movies for my bday, but no one wants to sit next to me  everyone's fighting to sit next to my mom. Happy bday to me
Is both happy and sad at the increase in bit rate of spotify. Happy because it sounds good sad because he cant browse the web at work 
At work macbook connected to the company network then back in to the home network. Happy man 
9:55am i will offically be older. Happy bday to me 
@mattilde33 Happy birthday to you! happy birthday to you! happy birthday to Matilde!!! Happy birthday to you 
@PhotosbyLee Happy birthday from all the boys 
@ChrisMDP http://twitpic.com/3ithu - Wow, that is incredible! Happy birthday to your daughter! 
Happy birthday to my good mate bobby rhine!!! 
Happy birthday wonderful maryana!! And congratulations to victoria and alex 
It's a perfect snow day for in-home yoga and meditation  Then movie and table games with kids! Happy weekend my friends
Still busy writing, but after 14 hours or so, I'm still getting nowhere fast. Happy days 
@martheezy Happy B-day!    so how old are you now?
@danieltheo Not fair! I want some lemon and egg soup! Happy greek easter! 
@Gillywillykins Happy birthday 2u, happy birthday 2u happy birthday gillywillykins happy birthday 2u! lol 
@RoxxiNikki Happy birthday, fellow bitch 
Happy-Sunshiine but tomorrow school but today barbeceu 
@dancebabydance ohh btw i saw on my myspace that its ur birthday! Happy birthday girl and have a wonderful day!  xoxoxo
Another beautiful day outside!!!! Happy spring 
@StaciJShelton Happy day to you, my Twitfriend. 
Happy with my new boldy berry from my father 
Happy #420 everybody! Here's an awesome video to help us celebrate this glorious day: http://tiny.cc/QHSYM  #marijuana #pot #weed
Happy- bday mommy 
good morning everyone. Happy start of the new week 
@ashleebradford Happy birthday! I hope you get a chance to have some fun today! 
at school...massively bored. Happy 420!! i hope everyone has a very good day! &lt;3 
@16Stars Happy thoughts to you and your son. 
@SufiBEE Happy holidays !!!!!! ok it's only one day 
Happy prom day 
It's the most beautiful day of the year. Happy birthday to me. 
Happy birthday to my mummy @zatzie!  
Happy 1 year wedding anniversary/7 year anniversary as a couple to my sissy &amp;&amp; brother-in-law! 
@MissFarrah It's your bday east coast time ;)....Happy birthday babes ! get it poppin tonite 
@michellecorona HHHAAAPPPPPPYYY BBBDDDAAAYYY MMMIIICCCHHHEEELLLLLLEEE!!!! Happy bday girl! have a great day!  &lt;3
Happy birthday lil sis 
Finally made it to the outside sunny world and the coffee girl has under charged my mocha. Happy days 
Today my sister sent out e-invites for my nephews 1st bday. When you open it you hear @jonathanrknight singing Happy BDay...how perfect 
Oh, Happy birthday to my girl! She turns 17 today xoxo tell her happy birthday 
@sarahmarkley @dg4G and got a hug.  Happy days.   I could wax lyrical abt the impact @charliepeacock had on my creativity for ages 
@joehoax Before I run out of time...Happy birthday! I hope you had a wonderful day and perhaps we'll get to talk 
@allthatglitrs21 - 21 days to go  Happy birthday for then 
Happy star wars day everyone 
Calling it a &quot;night&quot; abt an hour early.  All brain activity will be prorogued until further notice.  Happy journeying, everyone!  x
alright, back from my twitter decompression  Happy monday folks, what's the good word?
I completely forgot it was mothersday today.. Lol  Happy mothersday to all of you beautiful mums out there!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there! 
@sarahdope http://twitpic.com/4w22u - Its so pretty! The girls must love you a whole lot  Happy bday again!
Happy mother's day nfty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@meghan7x Happy birthday in 2 hours and 54 minuets  Haha
Happy mothrs day 2 ; all thaa moms outt thr  *
Happy mother's day!!! oh, I love my mom.. hehehe... happy mom's day!! 
Happy mother's day, mama. You're the most amazing person I've ever known and I'm so proud to be born as your daughter 
Happy mothers day to all the mums! 
Happy mothers day in 25 minutes everyone 
Happy mothers dayyy all mothers especially mine 
The hair looks sicckkkk.  Happy mothers day to all the mothers!
Happy mother`s day to your moms ! 
Happy mama's day to all the mamas. 
migraine and leg pain and woe ): should go to bed but it is 2 flights of stairs away. Happy mother's day 
Happy mothers day! 
Happy mothers day! 
Going to bed! Happy mother's day for every mom here! 
Happy mothers day mom!!!  i love you.
Happy mother's day to all mothers here! 
Happy mothers day!   
Happy mothers day mumm  xoxo
Happy mothers day  just tried on what I'm gonna wear for breakfast and I curled my hair it took forever http://yfrog.com/0gmunj
@JonathanRKnight Happy mother's day to ur mom!!! i hope she has a wonderful day!!!!!   
@MsDamn Happy mothers day to you beautiful! 
Happy mother's day to all the moms 
I love my Maitu. N she loves me. Happy mothers day mama! 
Happy mothers day to all the mommies 
@peaches5068 Happy mom's day to you too 
Happy mothers day everybody 
So tired and I have to work till 10:30 tonight!    Happy mothers day to everyone too  http://tinyurl.com/qu62bl
@mrskutcher Happy mothers day 
Happy mothers day mom.. i love yew... 
@iamoph Happy mothers day sharon 
Happy mother's day and to the god mother's and step mother's too.... 
Happy muthath's day to all moms!!! I salute you! 
Happy mother's day everyone! 
made breakfast today......Happy mother's day .. 
Happy mother's day to my sweet mum 
Today I wrote two songs (one for temple which I will probably never perform ever) and one for mothers day. Happy vesak everyone  rena xoxo
at @JonasBrothers   Happy mother's dayyy Deniseee &lt;3     
Happy mothers day! 
Happy moms day 
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there and to me also 
@_PurpleRose_ Happy m0ther's day ms. Rhix 
Happy robbie drank a good bit, as long as he doesn't wake up sick 
Just got finished cleaning and putting out my mom's presents.  Happy mother's day. I'm going to sleeeeep.
Just got home. So glad I decided to go out. Yay for new friends. Yay for a hug from my crush. Happy 
wishes Happy mother's day to all mothers!!! 
@rushtoaugust @wonderchae @elyfont Happy mother's day to your moms. 
Happy mother's day !!!! 
Happy mother's day @mrskutcher 
Happy mothers day to all u milfs out there. 
Happy mothers day mom  ?
Happy mother's day to all moms! 
To all moms out there, Happy mothers day!! 
@craving4sweets Happy hot mamas day! 
Goodmorning twitter, oh my gosh, i woke up soooo nice, lol ... oh hai thar twitterverse. Happy #mothersday everybody  (especially mine) 
Happy mother's day to all moms out there!  i just played tong-its a while ago.
Happy mother's day all you moms! 
Happy mother's day everyone! still playing pet society!  
Happy mothers day! Be good to your momma's! 
Happy mothers day to those of u that are mothers, and happy mothers day to all of your mothers      I miss my mom....
Happy mother's day to all the mums out there 
Happy moms day to all 
Happy mother's day to your mothers 
Just having a nice cup of coffee before taking a nice mother's day walk.  Happy mother's day to all the mothers out there 
Happy moms day! 
Happy mothers day to the most amazing woman I know- my mom!!! I love you! 
Happy 18th to me!! oh! tell your mum I said Happy Mothers day... 
Happy mothers day 
At logan flying to london. Happy mothers day to all you mothers out there 
@krisbedient I was about to wish you a Happy one. I'm sure your son appreciates and loves you very much  it's nice out, enjoy the day
Just got done cooking breakfast for my mommy  Happy mother's day!!!
Happy mothers day!!! 
Happy mother's day to all the mother's out there... even if you are the mother of a pet. 
Happy mothers day to all u mommas out there 
@LamarLee Happy mother's day to ur mom. 
Happy mothers day  the greatest mothers day gift is too see our kids serving god
Gmorning  off to work. Happy mothers day 
Happy mothers day to all. And happy anniversry to T and I  &lt;3
Happy mother's day to all of you out there 
Happy mother's day to all that apply. 
Happy mother's day to all moms out there, to those with human-type offspring as well as those who parent furbabies. 
Happy mothers day to all mom... 
Happy mothers daay  love yah mom &lt;3
Happy mothers day, do somethin nice for your mom 
Happy mother's day!! 
Happy mothers day to all mothers! And a happy expectant mothers day to my wife 
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there and to all the puppy moms like me 
Driving to griffith. Happy mothers day 
Happy mothers day to all the cute moms out there 
Happy mothers day everyone 
@sn00py74 Happy mothers day 
Happy mothers day to all those amazing mommies out there 
Happy mothers day mommy ily 
Happy mother's day to all the mommyes taking care and raising the future 
Happy mother's day! 
Happy mothers dayyy  I need to go to best buy and get my computer fixed, ughhx2
Is so thankful for my amazing mommy... Happy mothers day to all the amazing momma out there 
Tweetle-de! Happy bday dadda! Happy mami's day 
Happy mother's day! 
Happy days for mothers!!!! She's deserve all good 
Happy mother's day to all the beautiful moms in the world 
Happy day mom  i love u
Happy mothers day everyone 
Happy mother's day mothers around the world!  I love you mommy!
Happy mothers day!!!! Shoutout to all my baby mamas 
Happy mothers day  breakfast with mum and then shopping 
On my way to church  Happy mothers day to all the mommies out in twitter world! Hugs!
Happy mother's day!!!  mines allready the best ever!  lyric slept till 10:30!!  
Happy mother's day @reneeoshields and welcome to twitter@minister4848 you are handsome 
Happy mothers day  . I love you mum &lt;3
Happy mothers day! 
Happy mother's day. 
Happy mommy's day! 
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! 
Happy mothers day! Going to pick up niki in a little bit, then we might visit my grandma, then we're coming to my house 
Happy mothers day 
Making cookies and brownies for dessert tonight. Happy mothers day to all you mums 
Happy mothers day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 
Happy mothers day @fyre55 &lt;333 love you mommy 
Happy mothers day to the mothers, grandmothers, great grandmothers, great great grandmothers, and everyone aspiring to one  #cliche #annoy
@kellyprovence Happy mothers day Kelly...hope you're having a great time 
Happy mommys day 
Happy mommys day. 
Happy mothers day all the moms 
Happy mothers day 
Happy mother's day anyone who's a mom! 
Happy mother's day to all you mums out there! 
Happy mothers day  lol -killahbell(:
Happy mothers day 
@DebbieFletcher @samjmoody Happy mother's day 
Happy mothers day to all of you mothers out there 
Happy mothers day.. Currently going to church with the parentals.. 
Happy mothers day 
Happy mommy's day to all the wonderful beautiful mothers 
Happy moms day to everyone. 
Happy mothers day to my madre!  now delicious family breakfast!
Happy mother's day! 9 days! 
Happy mother's day!  going to legally blonde with my mama today 
Happy mothers day mom! I love you way more than 140 characters!!! @rltgutow &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3         &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Happy mother's day! 
Happy mothers day mommm! i love youuu! 
Happy mother's day to all mothers out there, your the best 
Happy mothers day 
Goodmorning loves! Happy mothers day to all your mothers and mine! 
I luv how the sun shines through my bedroom window!! Happy mothers day mommy 
Happy mother's day. I would pickup the phone and call but, I&quot;m being a bit lazy today. 
Happy mother's day to all!    -V.
Happy mother's day to all the mamas! 
Happy mothers day...i love you mommy. 
Happy mothers day mothers..hehe 
Happy mothers day tu all moms out there  !!
Happy mommy day 
Happy mothers day 
Happy mothers day! 
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there. 
Happy mothers day! Be kind &amp; polite to your mom, bring her breakfast in bed for one, not that you shouldn't do that always. 
Happy mothers day... esp to my mom 
Happy mothers day! I love my momma 
Looks like a day of soul searching for me. Happy mothers day. 
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there 
Happy mothers day to all mothers 
Happy mothers day! 
Happy mothers day to all you wonderful moms out there!  I love you momma!
Happy mothers day to all the mommas out there!! 
Happy mothers' day for all those lovely mamas out there 
@AYS110 Happy mothers day! 
Happy mothers day to everyone whose a mom  and don't forget to tell your loved ones happy mothers day
Happy mothers day! I love surprising my mom 
Happy mothers day all my moms  yall deserve a month not jus a day..
@caitlinplus1 thank you and you too! Happy first mommy's day. 
Happy moms day to all the moms in the world  ?
My mom is awesome! Happy mothers day 
Happy mothers dayyy  I love my mom . She is prettyy amazinng !
Happy mothers day everyone 
Happy go jump in water and fly day r.i.p dave your always in my &lt;3 with out you i'm just erika with the hair 
@MarniStar lol. I was down there working. Happy you're having a great day 
On my way back home ! Getting some well deserved rest! Happy mothers day to all the mommies out there! What a weeekend 
Happy mother's day to all my mama friends. I hope yours was a great one. I'm lucky to know so many amazing new mommies. 
I got a free cheeseburger, shake, and parfait today. Happy day 
@mikeyway TODAY MAY 14th!!!  please. Just wish me Happy B-day. 
@paigeiam Happy birthday in 20 minutes! We should celebrate! 
@singletrackmark Happy birthday! Not a day over 39 
your still my sister even though i wasted time. Now im wasting space in lou of a rhyme! Happy bday jill 
@TranquilMammoth Happy B-day 
@CaddyDaddy5150 Happy B-day, douchebag. 
@PreppyDude Happy birthday my drunk friend 
@jordanknight Happy birthday!  hope it's an awesome day!  soak up some sun for me 
It's 11:43 my time and I haven't eat breakfest yet. I should, 'cause my bro is going home and he'll eat it all before me  Happy FRing!
Happy 1,000th tweet to me!!!  I just wanna say thanks to me for making this happen LOL
@breakyboy If you're firing out of both ends it could be ecoli, hope not mate. Happy bday 
at wendy's 21st Bdae party.. Happy Bdae pal! 
Celebrating little brother's birthday today! Happy birthday kid 
@trent_reznor  Happy Happy Birthday ! 
@jordanknight *** Happy birthday to you. This is your day.  xoxo
Happy birthday, mom!!! 
I dedicate this twitter to @bananaface, my bestfrand. Happy birthday.  i love you, and feel better!&lt;33
Happy 25th birthday to my sexy debab! 
@petewentz Happy wedding day I love you two, then repeat it several times 
@ashsimpsonwentz Happy wedding day I love you two, then repeat it several times 
@Carebear30 Happy early birthday! I'd like to tell you 30 isn't bad, but as soon as I turned 30 my body started falling apart!!! 
@petewentz @ashsimpsonwentz Happy anniversary  well you two are great together. hi to bx too. im sure he's happy also.
Happy birthday to me. All I hope for is to get at least 19 points (or more) above the avg on my phys final 
I made this link for you.    Happy early/late birthday!  http://tinyurl.com/ReTweetRussianEp1  #fb
Happy bday @anela83  have teh biggest blast evah! we love you!
@OneCraftyMumma Happy reading! And btw, bathroom walls are freshly painted 
@muzzzza is it your birthday today???  YAY!!!  Happy birthday 
Happy 4 month birthday to my baby!! 
Happy birthday brother  (L)
@BAvante Happy birthday!! I'll see you tonight for some very legal drinking. 
Happy Birthday to my baby brother, I love you and thank you for the pretty tattoos  Happy 23rd!
Happy monday! Yay gossip girl finale tonight 
Happy theres no school and just relaxing and enjoying the free day! 
Going to bed..say your prayers! &amp; Happy birthday to @mama_gedlu , have a great one boo ! &amp; go hard 
Whoho, Happy friday everyone. I just finished munching turkish sweets now im relaxing and drinking my cup of tea YUMM! 
@Jimpossible7 Happy birthday man 
Happy birthday, sister! 
@jennywaltman hey girl! Happy graduation day! 
Happy birthday to my sis! n bbq tonight 
Happy holiday! Schools are out for half term and it's hotting up for bank holiday weekend - enjoy   http://bit.ly/U9AXl
Happy bday mama 
Happy 25th anniversary to my parents.lol! I so love my parents! &amp;&amp; they love me too! 
Happy birthday @CleverClogs, thank you for being you! I hope you will enjoy the day a lot 
@Adamfyre I've been an activist my entire life. Happy day when I can be inactive 
@peacelovetylr Happy birthday poo poo face i love you  you know this weekend is gonna be fun!
@peacelovetylr Happy birthday poo poo face i love you  you know this weekend is gonna be fun!
Thinking about selling my house &amp; moving. It's time for a new journey. Happy agrees. 
Happy birthday Nicoke!  love youuuu
@AmandaSevasti Happy happy hope its a great day 
Happy day 
Off to home in about 20minutes.. Happy weekends. 
