Most common words for this cluster:
[('happy', 457), ('good', 230), ('monday', 205), ('morning', 181), ('friday', 177), ('sunday', 147), ('day', 114), ('everyone', 96), ('saturday', 70), ('today', 56), ('weekend', 51), ('hope', 43)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Happy', 0.7035124897956848), (u'Friday', 0.6932668089866638), (u'Sunday', 0.6812806725502014), (u'Monday', 0.6627926826477051), (u'Saturday', 0.6613820195198059), (u'Thursday', 0.6319568753242493), (u'Tuesday', 0.63126140832901), (u'Wednesday', 0.6206605434417725), (u'Blog_Hoggers', 0.6006905436515808), (u'Kickaround', 0.5810121297836304)]





@PinkTowerLady Good luck to you! We start testing today.....no peace for us til Friday! 
is bummed that she has to work on Good Friday... 
@TomFelton HAPPY SUNNY DAY! Happy Birthday Jade (for, was it, Friday?)! Happy Sunday! Unhappy going back to school tomorrow  lol xx
Feeling deflated. 2 seperate flat tyres in an hour. Good start to Monday morning 
I hate today. I'm so tired. I don't want to day anything this week. Good thing I have three projects due Thursday I've barely started. 
Happy Monday everybody. I want to be playing at the funfair on Shepherds Bush Green but instead I'm working 
Morning twitterland...Happy fraking Monday!  
On the metro. I hate public transportation and its raining. Happy Monday 
Happy Monday Twitterville! Had a great weekend except my phone died.....Time to look for a new one 
Good morning all.  Gloomy day today. I wish it was like Saturday. 
Good morning Twitterville!  Happy Monday.  Record high temps in L.A. today and of course I have to be at work.  
Good ole Monday morning....working 
@PBreaze Good morning P, it's a stormy day here as well.  It's supposed to rain through Tuesday. 
Happy Saturday everyone!  Doing some house cleaning today!  Would rather be sewing 
Good morning, here we are again. Another Sunday but rainy this time 
RIP Pushing Daisies. It was fun while it lasted  Happy Supernatural Sunday!
@boxofchocolates Good Sunday morning to you too! Pretty lousy here as well 
Happy Sunday! Sounds like someone is &quot;lawning the moan&quot; as my insanely intelligent other half would say. Back to the books for me 
Happy Sunday everyone.  My favorite day of the week.  Though I do have to do laundry and grocery shop 
Happy Sunday! Aka Homework day 
very hard treating today as a work day while everyone goes for Dim Sum for Bank Holiday Monday  #fb http://ff.im/-2zcy2
Good morning @krissymk! I thought it was Friday. 
Happy Sunday turning out to be a Sad Sunday  ......... god plz help me (
Good morning tweeties!!! It's gonna be a lovely Sunday even though it's suppose to rain 
its Sunday already?  Its gonna b a hot day! Good day to be lazy and watch movies!!
@ramin987 Good luck bud, I just had my higher english on Friday 
has moved. Happy #Monday I have no net access after 5pm  sad day
@nikobatallones It's just a shame Fox didn't give it a chance to see another day. Friday is indeed Judgement Day 
Good morning all. What a dreich Monday morning 
Great weekend. Monday again. Good runs on Saturday - looks warm this week 
Boarded my flight to Detroit. Pray 4 warm weather they had a freeze warning last night. Happy Monday to me! 
The wknd is over?!  Happy Monday to you!! &quot;A day without a laugh is a wasted day&quot; &lt;----yup! ;)
Happy commuting! Its Monday 
@magnumchaos Happy Monday, huh?  
Good morning Twitter Folk! Happy Monday... 
Just had to send my cat off to the vet.  He seems quite ill.  Sad start to my Monday.  Hope it's nothing serious.  
not feeling well, lighthead and sick to my stomach.  also can't find my mp3 player transfer/charger cord or my sunglasses... Happy Monday
getting ready for work again  Tomorrow I'm off and working on what I love most. Happy Monday all.
Lost a ton of followers over the weekend... Happy Monday to me. 
Happy Monday all - home sick today. I guess spending all that time in the wet, rainy weather this weekend wasn't smart 
Good morning...somehow Monday has found it's way back... 
#Chuck: Renewed!  Rumored to be heading to Friday  Good news: with a ratings boost there is the possibility of a 9 episode pickup!
Happy to be at work this morning. Just found out that Tom's buddy lost his job on Friday 
Good morning people. Friday at last. Start of the day speaking to Vodaphone 
Goooooood morning. I have most definitely got that Friday Feeling. And its a bank holiday. Happy Days. However Sami's last game tomorrow. 
Hi Everyone! Happy Friday! hope you have a good one. I'm still on holiday - off to beach now. Home again tomor 
Happy Friday, but I have to work Sat so still no weekend for me. 
Good morning, last day off till Monday  
Life on Mars canceled  Scott Rosenberg is working on Happy Town would that get canceled as wall as October Road, not happy ABC
Happy Friday...I think I'm getting a cold...just need to make it thru the day and then a nice weekend ahead..don't want to be sick for it 
Fat Boy Slim 2moro, White Lies Sunday, Friendly Fires Monday.....Exam tuesday  Sack it off i hear you shout?? x
@XPLOSIVECXC Happy Friday to you Sweetheart! I'm home alone this weekend, My wife left to Texas  so I'm gonna hit up Da BeeHive
Happy Friday everyone!  I am insanely jealous of anyone who has Monday off 
Good morning world! Hope your Friday is going great so far. Mines is ok. I'm still beat there's so much I want to do but just can't...  
Happy Hump Day!  Too bad it isn't Friday!    So ready for the weekend with my LOVEEEE!
Happy Friday! I just realized I left my cell phone at home today though 
Happy Friday. Just pulled some yummy radishes out of the garden. Hope the strawberries turn out. Still no blooms. 
@crystalchappell Have a wonderful weekend at home! Good day today (it's Friday!), but no Otalia today (*tear*)  Lots of love to you!
Happy Friday Dance, no rain and I'm about outta here..till 2morrow  I sat the saturday morning shift, but its still all good
Horrible thought... I have to go back to work on Monday   Good thought... I only work for 90 minutes   Life is good.
Fun Friday night planned...... Spent at work 
And now I gotta drive all the way downtown FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUKKkk &gt;_&lt; I guess my Good Luck Friday couldn't keep it up   
Happy Saturday.. But I have to study.. 
BUMMER! It's raining @ mission beach, boot camp  is canceled  Hiking tomorrow is a go! Happy Saturday.....terminator salvation anyone?
@summerplum I keep forgetting about text msgs.  Good to talk to you, chica.  Happy Saturday!
@mfhorne You wouldn't have loved it pre Good Friday agreement. It wasn't pleasant  Bad times 
Happy Saturday Tweeites!!  It's a beautiful day today but I'm inside working   The kids got to go to the park tho 
@ermadea Was out last Sat..planned today to get house stuff up to date..Fail! :-S *Big Hugs* imagine Friday was awful 
Visited w/Maske'Jacqui, who is movin 2 SuFu on Monday,   we had some laughs..no winyan but me, @Inipi so let the wicasa have one.Grateful!
Good Sunday morning!  It's a nice, sunny day here, but I have to spend it glazing 
@Andretti26 Good luck today!!! I wish I could come see you at Kings Dominion on Tuesday, but I gotta work 
Enjoying the last day of half term. Birthday on Tuesday -at Walton on the Naze with hordes of Year 9's. Joy  
I would say Happy Sunday, but this June gloom is too depressing. Another day of clouds and overcast. All week s'posed to be. 
Lazy Sunday, books and sun in the park, fabulous. Pity it's got to be an early night - must be on a train at 7.30 tomorrow. Awesome 
Happy Sunday morning.  I 'm going to church with my brothers today.  Tried to get daddy to go but he's going to the salvage yard.  
@ijustine Happy Sunday to you too!  First sunny weekend in the UK and I'm stuck in bed with the sniffles. Boo! I wanna go play outside 
Its Monday. Its 1st of June today and its the first day i'm gone jobless. Happy Penniless Day 
Wow... it's Sunday evening... mostly night... Good buy, sweet weekend 
Good morning everyone.... Another Monday.  Hope everyone had a great weekend.
Happy Monday, it's time for working!!! Wonderful world.  I'm looking forward to the English class at night! How coming?????
Happy today is Sunday...Mad tomorrow is Monday 
Good everyone wish me luck for Monday I will need loads of it 
@DonnieWahlberg Lucky u. Wish I was eating waffles instead I'm sat at my desk at work. Got that Monday morning feeling 
Boooo hooooo, it's Monday  Waaayyheeeyy, it's summer!  Happy 1st of June tweeps!
Good morning! Off to work - now you see me now you don't :- ) Have a good day and try not to think about the fact that it's Monday 
Back is wrecked this morning. May take a half day.  Happy Monday!!!
Morning twitters!! Happy Monday! Gotta go to the dentist today! Ugh 
Good morning : It's Monday    ... - http://tinyurl.com/l2csyc
Off to work for me...can't tweet from there  Have a great day everyone! Happy Monday JM ;)
@Ribeezie I'm not saying 'no' yet - but I doubt it  Happy Monday !!
Good Morning Twitterville! Busy hectic weekend is over, back to the grind   Happy Monday everyone!
Happy Monday all 
Happy Monday to all! I want 2 go bac 2 sleep bt I can't 
what up my young twitter friends!! Happy June 1st!. Wait, why am I excited. this just means I'm getting older this month 
@StarSlay3r Boo! I have to work all day Saturday  Good Luck!
Work again , nice hot morning and stuck in the office  Oh well, Happy Tuesday to you all!
Running late after 3 wardrobe changes and an emergency gas station stop... Happy Tuesday 
praying to the almighty that Best Buy has the new J Dilla when i go today.  If not, I may have to boycott    **Happy Tuesday**
So much 4 a happy Tuesday   Good friend got some bad news and my kid's car was repossessed!  Bummer!
Happy Wednesday. no fun being sick. ugh. 
Happy Wednesday, everyone! Reading some reax to HR1109 from back home...it is THAT bad. 
Heffewizen keg just kicked!! Sad day!  Good thing I am brewing a new one on Monday!!
Morning and Happy Friday everyone. Very not happy about this rain! 
I missed Lulu - which Richard said was A Good Thing. so now I'll get in my pyjies and crawl under my duvet until Monday morning 
Happy Friday Tweeties.. Too bad its raining here 
Happy Friday, guys! You're fairly quiet today.... Is is crappy outside where you are? Cos it's pretty crappy here. 
Wooo!!!!! Its the weekend!! Going to go lay out by the pool. Hope twitter fixes my texting issues  Happy Friday! 
Busy until Monday.  At least tonight &amp; Sunday will be fun. Tomorrow, not so much. Hope I can still witness the silly Keano drama tho, ha!
Miss Megan ready! She left for Wisconsin already  Happy Friday everyone!
Overtime at work. Yatta  Good times on Friday
I love my bed. Good night. Work at 5am-10:30a then Paiges dance recital at noon. Then slitting my wrists cause I gotta open Sunday too. 
Watching Monster in Law, at home, alone, on a Friday... Sad/depressing.. But I guess its what 'normal' people do sometimes..? 
Good morning to twitters n Saturday! Preppin to take Gibson (cutest kitten ever) to vets for his 9week jabs..my poor ickle tiger  Gulp
Good morning the tweets out their! It's Saturday and I have no plans!  usually we go racing but my hubby decided 2 take a weekend off!!
Good morning twitter bugs... I've been up for the past 3 hours... On a Saturday! I can't sleep  ugh!!
Happy Saturday! Today in history in 1933 the 1st drive-in movie theater opened in Camden, NJ. (And today it's hard to find one) 
Happy Saturday!  I found some great plastic letters today..too bad, my photo studio is down 
Good morning everyone!! It's Sunday and i have to work!! 
had such an amazing Saturday with my cousins but now its time for bed cause their leaving 2moro  Good night everyone
@callumchapman: Shoot! Bad weather sucks! We're probably gettin a few storms 2 this week  Happy Sunday!
Good morning, everyone! It's Sunday! I hope your day is full of happiness! Aunt called and woke me up. 
says Happy Sunday everyone! Looks like it's another rainy day here. 
up and attem...Happy Sunday everyone!! Off to do some cardio 
@BitchinWallaby I have two science papers (tomorrow and Wednesday)  Good luck with yours Bitchin!
@ChrisCuomo Happy Sunday to you too!  Your garden is gorgeous!   I have no green thumb at all. 
@balloonsandlin  Good Luck Thursday Night, I will be in Canada and can't crew   I love crewing......see you on Friday
I'm off to bed... work tomorrow  and it's gonna be crappy weather... 3 most depressing things in life Monday Morn + Work + Rain = Bad Week
Good morning, Monday. I miss the moon already  will it stares at me again 2nyt?
It's been a fun and unexpected day 2day. Good nite all  u twitted kids.. &amp; Monday begins again 
Good morning twitterland! Monday 
I have survived the Busy Weekend...its a real shame its Monday &amp; work though 
Another night of weird dreams &amp; woke up with a bad back again  Happy Manic Monday Everyone! xx
@pjpryan Bad luck about Friday  Enjoy a brief rest and then unleash yourself on the world!
@Dog_Crazy Good morning!  I hope it is just a cold &amp; not the flu.. yikes!   How was your weekend?  My Sunday visits were good. 
Oh Happy Monday  I feel like poo today!  Sleep time again...
Happy Monday all -off to work shortly, only 5 days till Saturday  Have a wonderful day see ya around.
Happy Monday (if such a thing exists). We may toy with triple digit temperatures today. 
Slow Monday at the Donut Shop 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOW, I just banged my knee on my desk.  Good lord, I'm clumsy lately. Sliced my finger open yesterday, hit my head Saturday..
Good morning! Last Monday of freshman year 
is back from her exam....it seemed to go quite well..Happy days! Only now I have to revise for the next one on Wednesday.....Bad days!!!! 
@BlondeByDesign Happy Monday, Sprite! How are you? How is your toe? I hope better 
Mixed bag of a weekend. Good day out on Saturday, but some other people's selfishness spoiled the rest of the weekend 
Night twitterstars!!! I go to kentucky on wed.....for a funeral,  Happy birthday to me   June 18th hasn't been a celebration since..??
Happy Jonas Day!!! My copy of LVATT might not get here till Friday 
Good morning! I have been missing everything I haven't had internet since Sunday 
@ Home! Tge suites didn't fit me... As all the clothes does =/  I dont know what I am going to do  Happy Tuesday ;)
Back@ my desk... yesterday is now but a distant memory  Oh well onward and upward! Happy Wednesday!
Happy Thursday! I have to leave, without my iPhone  I'll have it back later though, can't wait, peace!, tweet tweet ;)
Good eve. Another hectic class tomorrow. it's a no-thank God it's Friday for me 
Happy Friday eve! This weather ruined my plans 
@mhwallace have to work today    Good for Saturday though if you're up for it.
DANGIT! I won't have my lens until Monday!  Good thing I have like 5 more weddings before my surgery to use it with! LOL
Good morning, world! May you have a blessed day today. I am on 6 hrs of sleep &amp; exhausted.  Happy th!!!
@missimonique Happy Thursday to you too. Busy day at work. 
I am desparate to get Libby back. Happy Friday 
I am over being a hobo and desparate to get Libby back. Happy Friday 
@STLPhoto yeah it's a bit stupid really  Happy Friday though :o)
@AmyErika ha me too. Happy Friday wish you were coming with us 
Woke up to wet carpets. A/C drain clogged and soaked the hallway and bedroom. Waiting on the carpet service people to arrive. Fun Friday! 
It's Friday! And it looks like it's finally going to rain in Vancouver. Good bye sun... 
is sad to see Andi go  Come Monday, interns are on our own... check out Gadget Deals of the Day for a screwup!!
Happy Friday! I miss those days in high school where I use to get Happy Friday stickers. 
Happy Friday !! Flying to Vancover tonite ohh how i hate flights 
Good day turned bad..goin back to sleep hopefully I can sleep all the way till Monday 
Good job Jonathan. Go for a nap and wake up 5 hours later. There goes my Friday night. 
@krrley Good Luck! I wrote my exams in April on a Saturday too 
Oh work. Good thing I'm off on Sunday 
I'm at work, ubertwitter still doing me wrong  I guess it has to work out its niks. Everybody have a blessed, safe and Happy Saturday!
Good day Twitterville! Happy Saturday. I have to work  But Monday, I'm off!
Sinus infections suck especially on a Saturday.    Oh well, I'll just nap until the antibiotic kicks in!  Happy weekend!
@MattChandler74 Happy Birthday Matt! I will turn 50 on Wednesday 
Good day, everyone. Sunday morning has come. I'll go shopping today though it's heavy rain 
Good morning! Feels surreal to be waking up so early on a Sunday morning and head to work 
 Happy Saturday  But its closer to monday  but it's summer :-D
@ayahav Happy way belated birthday! I knew it was Friday but it kept slipping my mind  Hope you had a good one!
Isnt happy he's not getting a propper Sunday dinner today  Happy Fathers day.   Enjoy the last of the weekend! Least it's a nice day !!
Good morning! It's Sunday  I don't wanna leave palmdale just yet.
Good night....I don't like Monday 
oh please let me have a Happy Tuesday tomorrow.... pretty please! I've been down in the dumps lately. 
Good game and well done US and all that, but thats ruined what should have been a spectacular Sunday of football.  Hmmph till August now 
Good morning...feelin a little Blah..My weekend starts on Thursday and of course that would be the day not to feel good   
@dallas_news Happy Thursday! No relief for us here  YIKES 100 try to stay cool
@hertbeat it is still only 1st coffee of the day for me ! Happy Tuesday, off to see Jeff Dunham and Achmed the dead terrorist tonight ! 
@Mariuca Happy Tuesday, lovely! 
Good morning to those along the east coast that are just waking up. Hope you have a fantastic Tuesday 
God damn vending machines are so depressing -standing at them waiting for your sad little snack like some Pavlovian bitch! Happy Tuesday! 
Feeling a bit better today. Had an awesome time at Rocco's last night!  looking forward to dinner tonight. Happy Tuesday!
@ImWendy Good morning.  Hope you are having a super Tuesday!  
Good morning #JobAngels A very happy Tuesday to you all. Welcome new members! We appreciate you joining in our cause to help &amp; be helped 
Shabop Shalom! Happy Good Tuesday, guys  (it's a Beatles thing...)
Good morning folks! It's a chilly Tuesday morning and I'm ready for the day! I think... 
@gmccrory Oh, so many ways to respond to that. Best left alone.  Happy Tuesday!  
Happy Saturday, everyone. Code and The Prodigy ftw  -&gt; http://tinysong.com/3zQQ
Happy Saturday, everyone. Code and The Prodigy ftw  -&gt; http://tinysong.com/3zQQ
Good morning, everyone! Happy Saturday  Started it with a ban muffin and coffee. Getting ready for the day now.
Good morning!  sun still shining but...birds ain't chirping..caprices ain't boomin, no crackheads beggin.....must be Saturday...
Good morning Swap friends! I hope you are enjoying this beautiful Saturday! 
up... having coffee, Saturday gig today...  Good thing too... cuz were outta bread!!! lol...
Good Saturday morning all! It is the weekend! I love weekends! 
@Dragoncade I see you're delivering your daily dose of sunshine to the twitterverse!  Happy Saturday to ya...
Good morning everyone.   Wishing you all a Lovin' Life Saturday!  
Happy Saturday Tweets...Oh my goodness we've been battered by rain all day today, it's been a sluggish day...oh look, finally some sun 
Happy Sunday 
Good morning everyone! Today is such a sunny day and for me also a non-working day. So enjoy your life on this wonderful Sunday !!! 
@CheyanneBrae Happy Sunday to you as well.  
Good morning Sunday!  I'm up!
Ughhh i am awake way to early, having lots of coffee now  Happy Sunday everyone 
After a gorgeous Saturday y/day, today is looking very promising with wall to wall blue skies over Manchester, UK.  Happy day Tweeps..
@SFXmagazine Happy Sunday  - Are you guys going to run some Joss/Eliza/Dollhouse stuff in the May issue?
@BrandyandIce car boot sale! Happy Sunday. 
Hi guys, sorry for the non-twitter the last few days, was sick with the flew. Promise to start again by Monday. Cheers 
Happy Sunday!!  http://tinyurl.com/322t9k
Good morning, have a great Sunday! 
Happy birthday to my Barton!  Its Sunday funday 
My gf and I are heading out to look for fossils. Weather is awesome! Good Sunday for sure 
Good Sunday to everyone!  
@BingFutch   Happy Sunday.   ? http://blip.fm/~4kx9q
Good morning, tweeties! May everyone have a fun-filled and gorgeous Sunday. Live it up! 
@info4every1 Blessings and a very Happy Sunday to you as well  #faith
@pickleberries Thank you!  Happy Sunday to you!
Happy sunny Sunday! 
Happy Sunday, my heathen friends...  http://tinyurl.com/6ecyom
Good morning people!! Happy Sunday...Let's get this week started! Hope u all have a blessed day 
@davidspruell Good morning! Hope you have a great Sunday 
Happy Sunday!  
Happy Sunday morning, twitter'ers! 
Good morning twiggaz!!! It's Sunday &quot;Funday&quot; LOL Go to Church if you can. God bless! I love you all 
Heading to Home Depot to get some supplies for updating a bunch of home stuff! I'll post some pictures later   Happy Sunday!
Lazy  Sunday afternoon. Better get my ass in gear 
@CountryGuy Awwww, thank you  We have a blast in the mornings and I'm glad it shows. Happy Sunday. Get out there and soak up some sunnnn!
@etherjammer Happy Friday!  
Happy Sunday to everybody, hope all are doing well 
Good Sunday 
@8callalily8 Happy Sunday my Lovely. 
Happy April twentieth 
Morning everyone. Happy Monday. 
Happy Monday morning, the sun is shining and I'm happy to be alive- I believe this. I am happy and will have a good day, hear me ?!!! 
Happy Monday ya'll! Just letting you know I've updated my blog: www.blog.raylenesongbird.com 
Housemartines - Bow Down - Happy Monday morning  ? http://blip.fm/~4mk0i
@gyggles808 Happy birthday friend.. If you want .. We can get nuts this Saturday 
Off to Leicester now - Happy Monday everyone 
Good morning ppl  Hoping to get rid of this Monday morning feeling!
Happy Monday to all...I Love Mondays!  
Good Morning   Happy Monday to all!
@DaveJMatthews (and) Good morning, sir, Happy Monday/Holiday 
Good Morning Twitter! Happy Monday 
Happy Monday all! I'm up early and feeling great  Kiddos until noon.
@DonnieWahlberg hello, 8:23 here in Ontario . Happy Monday 
Happy Monday greetings tweeps  
@Circustrainer Happy Monday! 
Happy Monday world.  Lots of reading this morning, starting with www.copyblogger.com.
Happy Monday!! I'm so excited for this week, now that its getting warmer and the days are getting longer... 
@seedoflife Good Morning! Happy Monday to ya! 
Happy Monday to you all; especially to our newest followers. Thanks for joining our community ~ looking forward to connecting soon! 
running late...as usual! ;) LOL ...oh well! Happy Monday! 
@dailycurl @Jessicurl @curlyqpgh Happy Monday  I'm happy to be a new follower!
Good morning everyone  Welcome to my new followers and (((BIG HUG))) to everyone! Hope your Monday morning is moving along spectacularly!
Happy Monday! Good morning 
@azeis Happy Monday to you as well! 
@lilyspeak you should follow @VancityAllie - great blog and pics of you-know-what!  Happy Monday lady
@daniamiwa hey thx for the FF shout-out - it was lovely to see you, as always (despite the uncomfy chairs). Happy Monday to you 
@mrskutcher thnx for bringing up slavery...people need to know...we should find ways to end it...here and abroad.  Happy Monday 
Happy Monday! 
Happy Monday to all fellow all my fellow Tweeters... IS it a beautiful day here in the Doo Dah!! Man, I love that name! 
@laurawaltz - Welcome to twitter. Found you via @ebuford. He said to expect profound/interesting tweeting. Hope you have a great Monday! 
Good morning and hello new followers  How is everyone this Monday?
@teejay0109 aww thanks buddy, you are the best ... Happy Monday to you 
Had a brilliant weekend  Happy Monday ALL
Good morning! Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday so far 
@jjoeyy Happy, happy birthday darling. I hope it's a wonderful one. I have a surprise for you for Saturday night at the party. 
@LunaCafe Its all my pleasure.  Happy Friday
@Tparash multivitamin with zinc and c. Prevents virus from binding to cells accord to dr I talked to. Happy Friday  have a good wknd!
Ok. I'm getting off the pc and going to bed. Happy Saturday Tweeple!  [I better be fall asleep. Now]
 Good morning peeps, ahhh it's gonna be a wonderful Saturday 
@NeilYamamoto Hehe, I like referring to them as dates. Helps keep the luv alive! ;) Happy Aloha Friday 2U2! 
@k8dt Hey Kate Happy Saturday to you too  xx
Happy May 
@beachbms Hey you! Long time no speak but hope you're ok!! Happy Saturday, hope you have a great weekend!!! 
Good Saturday morning!  Kris - we'll try to stay healthy!    It will be good to see you and meet your babies!
Good Saturday morn 2 u all! It's a grocery shopping kind of day here. But first, exercise! Push Circuit 3 is on my agenda. What's on urs? 
Good Saturday morn 2 u all! It's a grocery shopping kind of day here. But first, exercise! Push Circuit 3 is on my agenda. What's on urs? 
thinking it's weird that the Americans are waking up and it's night time here! Happy Saturday Americans! 
It's chilly here but the sun is ashinin'!  Now if it can infuse me with the energy I need all will be well.  Happy Saturday twittuns!  
@TheHouseofMouse Happy mousy birthday  Yahoo, it's on a Saturday too... Have a terrific one. I'm sending you e-birthday bumps!
Good Saturday morning all! I'm getting ready to feed my kitten, then off to walk the dobies! Happy Tweeting!! 
Good morning everyone! Happy Saturday! 
Happy Saturday.... It's papa &amp; @veddegre are building a deck day &amp; going to see my new nephew day!!!!  YAY  Heather comes home tomorrow.
@itswendylou Thank you  Happy Saturday to you too!
Happy Saturday everybody! Hope you're all enjoying it 
@primadanna it is an honor to stalk you  Happy Saturday!
Good morning twizzler twitters!!! Say that 5 times fast!! LOL well last night was fun but last Friday was wayyyyyyy better!!! 
@MajorDodson Good Morning dear friend! Happy Saturday to you.   Wishing you a great day.
Good morning Twitterverse!! Happy Saturday 
12:47am on Sunday May 3rd 2009. Happy Birthday P  http://tinyurl.com/dkrl42
Good morning all! Man I'm tired. I stayed up way too late.  Oh well.  Happy Saturday! 
@jm302music Hey Joel, thanks  it's great you are on here!  Happy Saturday!
@bigsant Hey there! Happy Saturday 
Happy Saturday tweeple! 
@amyatq13 Happy Saturday, hot stuff! Sorry my 'desk area' is so messy. I promised to be a better cubicle-mate  Miss u!
@amyatq13 Happy Saturday, hot stuff! Sorry my 'desk area' is so messy. I promise to be a better cubicle-mate  Miss u!
I love sleeping on the couch, and I thank my parents for introducing me to it. Good morning Saturday 
Spent Friday at the beach...we watched a beach wedding at the exact spot we want to get married...so beautiful!       Happy May!
@TempeSEO Tool that does dishes? How bout one that mows the lawn? Happy Saturday 
Happy Saturday to Everyone!! 
@forexmilmaker Thanks. Glad you like it. haha. Happy pipping on Monday! 
Just got home from an evening at BINGO! Fun stuff...althought I did not win, I still had a great time!  Happy Sunday to everyone!
Happy Lazy Sunday everyone 
Happy Sunday! $3 off Science Diet in the coupons today and I got 3 inserts. WIN! 
@mattsoutherden payback for Friday.....? Happy birthday dude, have a lovely day 
Good Sunday AM to my Twitter ride or die peeps! 
Happy Sunday! Church 
Good morning Tweeters hope everyone has a blessed Sunday. 
Good morning!  Happy Sunday! 
Good morning! Waking up to a rainy Sunday here - enjoy your day! 
@AJM1030 1:11pm. Good afternoon! I can tell you, from further on in the day, that this Sunday is going to be a gd one. Enjoy! 
Happy Sunday twitterville!!!! Hope you are all enjoying your weekend. 
Happy Sunday self portrait  http://twitpic.com/4h61h
@dannywood I love and appreciate you!!! Happy Sunday 
Well it rained here for 5 min. then quit what a beautiful morning! Happy Sunday 
Off 2 Purnima fest.. Have lots 2 celebr8! Happy Sunday all! 
@dannywood Good morning  It's a beautiful Sunday!
@JohnnyFirecloud Love @antiquiet tho....will def keep up with that..thank you so much for all the info! Rock On! Happy Sunday 
@micgeronimo good morning dorkling! Happy Sunday 
@suzannetobias Dusty rooster! Nearly a coffee spit take. You may have been up early but your *funny* was WIDE awake! Happy Sunday to ya!  
Time to sleep now.. Good nite everyone  Hope you had a blessed Sunday 
Happy birthday, @MattHelms! May today bring you lots of chocolate treats and sweet potato fries! 
Sunday brunch with the family at The Flying Biscuit.  Good times... 
@fakerpattz Happy Sunday Sir 
@Djalfy Nice to see you in nearly real time! Happy Sunday 
@TALENTSCOUTS  Happy Sunday 
Ms Carpenter for the day   Happy Monday to all...
@TooTexty hey you too!!  Happy Sunday!
Happy Star Wars day. May the 4th.. be with you 
I had a lovely Sunday.  Mario and Food Network. Daddy time: Popeye's and Happy Gilmore. And it's still not over 
Good night Twitterland! Busy Monday ahead, but I am well rested   I'm ready to break down any brick wall that is in my way..Bring it on!!
@swingie Good luck on your Monday's, 
Happy bank holiday Monday guys! Good day for gardening and seeing family 
lees net op Twitter dat het #Happy Star Wars day is... &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot;... Sjeez wat slecht 
Good morning friends. Happy May Bank Holiday. 
@michaelmknight Good morning! Nothing in particular, meeting people and having drinks this evening  what are you doing with your Monday?
Yaaawwwnnn.....Heading out to the gym, then off to work. Happy Monday. 
Happy Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you! 
Good Morning! Happy Monday, Everyone 
@MiaMiaDC Good morning MiaMiaDC  My weekend was great and I just had my Monday, which was also great  I hope you have a wonderful day!
Happy star wars day! May the fourth be with you 
He he ...Happy #star wars day! May the 4th be with you  Brilliant!!
Good morning twitterland. Happy Monday 
Good morning Tweepsland! Makin' it a great Monday! Huge shout out to all my followers .. muah, muah! I appreciate you all  
Happy Monday morning! 
Good morning everyone i hope you all have a great day  even though  it is Monday keep on smiling 
Happy Monday tweeples... hope it wasn't to hard to get out of bed and back in gear! 
Happy May Bank Holiday British Peeps 
Happy #StarWarsDay. May the 4th be with you!  From everyone @dxs_paintball
Good morning Monday...  I feel as though you came to visit too early... But I am happy to see you none the less.  
Monday mornin', back to work today. Good thing I live my job. 
Looks like the sun is making a comeback in the midwest!!!! Happy Monday to me 
Good Monday to all. It's still wet outside but inside I'm sunny  I'm feeling a surge of warmth and energy. This will be a good day!
@vbnavarro Love that song! Happy Monday 
@pegkd Good plan, Peg --plus I like the sound of &quot;Money Monday&quot;  
Happy Monday everyone! Loving the new arrangement in my family room 
Good Monday morning to everyone- Hope everyone's week is off to a successful start 
@JAJMiami  Happy Monday!!  Hope you have a great week!
Happy Star Wars day ! May the 4th be with you 
Happy Monday, Twishers!!  Passing the coffee...
@WSPNews  Happy Monday to you as well! After a great festival this weekend, I have lots of soap to make..and a order to put in with you! 
Good Morning Tweeters... Happy Monday!  Grab a big cup of coffee it's a new week 
Happy to have a Sunday off from work 
@Immunerock Good luck on Monday!  Keep on rockin' 
@camerontdf Happy Birthday  Hope you enjoyed us singing to you Wednesday &lt;3
D-group Saturday's, with a little bit of football, an hour nap, 3 hours of soccer, basketball in the TSU and Yogurtland... Life's Good 
@RichNeville well you scared me saying there may be rustling in the trees!  Happy Sunday to you sir
Happy Sunday. We have sunshine in Frankfurt. Hope all mothers enjoy this day 
Up and working. Happy mom's day to all the moms on my list! May your day be full of guilt-free chocolate and love. 
@KevinSpacey Good Saturday morning! What're your plans for London this weekend? 
It's 10am.  I'm up! Happy Monday Morning! 
Good night guys....  20 Tuesday is comming be hungry 
@DavidArchie ur so nice and down to earth David.. saw the guesting on sis and eatbulaga!!Good luck for Saturday concert on MOA, 
Happy Thursday to y'all &amp; myself 
It's rainy and grey in the Tdot. Happy Thursday everyone!! Almost time for the long weekend  Woo woo!!
In a good mood, boss approved a 1/2 day today!!!!!  btw Happy Thirsty Thursday Everyone 
Good Morning tweeps! Happy Thursday. I really wanted to go to the gym before work. Does the intention also count? 
Conference at FLA this morning... Raiser's Edge this afternoon... time to my put on my learning hat!!! Happy Thursday 
Happy Thursday to Everyone! 
Happy Friday Eve everyone...  We're almost there! 
@mommygoggles Yay! Happy Thursday! 
@jazz3586 Good luck with the interview on Monday babycakes!  xoxx
Happy Sunday!!  
had pancakes and sausage for brunch. Happy Sunday everyone 
Finally home after a very long day... Tomorrow will be a rinse and repeat.  Thankful that I have Monday off  
Good morning. Its Sunday and last day of the weekend. One thing I love about working from home is I get three-day weekends 
Husband and son taking apart the bathroom with sledgehammers. Good Sunday evening boy bonding activity, I guess. I'll cook dinner 
@LouiseBJ Good morning Louise... gr8 to receive yr as always warm wishes.  Have a superb Sunday yrself 
Happy 17th of May Norway 
Happy Sunday. Life is so nice 
Going out with friends, to celebrate the 17th of May  Happy birthday Norway!
Happy 17th of May!!! 
@gerdaduring Good morning! Tokyo was cloudy and rainy day. have a nice Sunday! 
@notmuchtosay whoooo, can't wait for lost.... Happy Sunday  I've just baked chocolate fudge brownie cake. YUM.
good moring to all,,is a beautiful day,, and a beautiful Sun. I Wish you all a Good Sunday.  
Last chance to relax before a whole new week unfolds  Happy Sunday, everyone!
Good times  The sun is now out. The report I'm working on is coming together well. Reckon it's almost time for a slap up Sunday lunch
Good Morning Everyone...Happy Sunday! 
@2kutekreations Happy Sunday back atcha! 
Happy Sunday morning! 
Coffee is being made... i can't wait!    Happy Sunday Everyone!
Good morning everyone!   What's your favorite thing to do on Sunday?
@timetogetupclub Happy Sunday!!! 
Good Morning! Wising Everyone a Happy Sunday  
@callmaggie Good morning! Going to have a fabulous day..usual chores and just relaxing w/ no agenda.  Hope you have a lovely Sunday! 
@MarlaPena Happy Sunday to you! Have a great day. 
Happy Sunday 
Join me for our live chat at wibw.com this morning. Happy Sunday 
Happy Sunday to everyone!!!! Its a great day!!!!!! 
Good morning tweets!  Happy Sunday. 
Morning tweethearts!!! Happy Sunday  Im dying over here with my damn allergies... anyone else suffering?
@Yahzarah Dang...I need a teleporter LOL Happy Sunday 
Happy Sunday all! 
Happy Sunday  Had such a pleasing evening/night all around (great friends, better scenarios) &amp; now looking forward to babysitting today
@michaelsarver1 Happy Sunday to you too  You are an awesome singer and seem like a really genuine guy.
Happy 17th of May to all my Norwegian friends  Enjoy
@brandoncrouch That's great, man! Happy Sunday! 
Happy Sunday! 
Star date 51709-2p TOYA's log: &quot;Twitter continues 2 decrease my work productivity. Twission suspended!&quot; Happy Sunday, tweet ya lata 
@NBA_PLAYOFFS got Rockets &amp; Celts   Happy playoff Sunday!!!
Good Sunday to all 
@kirkfamily I hear you - but good on ya for trying! Even if it touches one person, it's worth it, right?  Happy Sunday to you!
@seospeaking Good to see you too! Hope your Sunday is going well. 
Listening to some 80's music and hanging around and in the pool. It's a hot one today..Happy Sunday all 
Happy Sunday everyone!  What a great day to be alive!!!
@LoriMoreno Happy Sunday, how're you doing? 
@petersuniverse  Because some people on my follow list will see you and maybe think you would be cool to follow too.     Happy Sunday!
Happy Sunday everyone! I'm at work and it's my friday 
Happy Sunday morning! 
Enjoying a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Going to relax, catch up on some writing. And perhaps search for a new read at B&amp;N. Good day ahead 
Happy Sunday! On 2days agenda: 1. Eat breakfast 2. go to Costco 3. Accompany Matt to the fish store 4. Watch the 3 hour survivor finally 
@greeneyes1966 Good plan....  Sunday nights are made for chilling, nothing but!!  
Monday tomorrow! Good thing it is a stat holiday. It will not be as busy 
Happy Monday all. The sun is shining but it's chilly.... Nice quiet week for me 
Happy Monday people  Been a productive one already for me and its only 7.30am lol. What will the rest of the day bring I wonder?!
Happy Monday   yay! ..the winter pounds have started to shift...I saw hint of hip bones in the mirror this morning ( always my gage!)
Happy Monday y'all  sunny day here i'll be outside alot  maybe that will help me to get rit of this stupid sneezing
Happy Monday everyone 
Today (Sunday) was goooooood!  Good times, good times!  
Good Moring! Monday again.. raining again. . 
I'm going to sleep. I'm still sore from Friday's bootcamp and I'm looking forward to going back tmro. Good night, my tweets. 
@JohnnyLaird and you Johnny! Happy Monday 
Happy Monday,everyone!Let's hope it's nice and productive! 
All luv tweeps.... My eyes will soon defeat me  I'll holla in a few hours. Happy Monday baaaabee!
A whole page of twitter and not even 1 Eurovision tweet! finally! Happy Monday! 
Happy Monday Morning to you all. Here comes yet another week!!!  
@londonva Great - Happy Monday to you! I am doing fine thanks 
@arengrimshaw Happy Monday at new desk! 
Happy Monday! Getting ready for work - BBL! 
G'm All  Happy Monday! Hope every1 had a lovely weekend! Seen Star Trek Sunday,   absolutely BRILLIANT!!! Lookin 4ward to seein it again!
Strong cup of java, eyes starting to open. Happy Monday ya'll. Don't know where to start today. Pack or work? lol Little of both 
but I'm working on it.   Happy Monday Everyone!
@justsimplyholly - Good morning lady! Happy Monday to you 
Morning sunshines! Happy Monday to you all! Hi and Thanks to all my new followers! 
Happy Monday everyone... 
Happy Monday 
@spaulds1 Hi Susan. Just revving up for a new week. So much to do, so little time! Happy Monday 
@DontHateBeHated Happy Monday (I hope) Tweetheeart  !!!
Happy Monday everyone! Let's make this a great week 
Good morning everyone  Starting another week, albeit a short one for those of us taking Friday off...
Good Monday morning everyone. Smile. 
Buenos dias tweeeeeeps  Happy Monday! Off to the gym.
@temposhark You all must be shattered, two days solid! Good fun on Saturday though 
Happy Monday. 
@hobogene  Don't I know it! Especially since I have to use it 2 conduct inspections during the day.  All is well now.  Happy Monday 2 ya.
@tinafightsfire Happy Monday to u 2. At least next week is a 4 day one 
Happy Monday!  So far that is all I've got 
Three Thanks is up and awaits yours    Happy Monday! http://threethanks.wordpress.com
Happy Monday!  Today I get back to work on my soft furnishings line!!  Exciting stuff.  The weather looks FABULOUS 
@boxofcrayons Let's say the 3rd type of person is he who wants to count, but needs some guidance! That's where we come in. Happy Monday! 
@snakeburm I couldn't agree more! Happy Monday 
Happy Monday to all! 
Good morning! How will you make this a Marvelous Monday? The choice is yours, really it is! 
didn't get enough sleep, but decided I'd feel happy to be awake. Gorgeous day in Chicago. Good Monday, everybody! 
Good morning you gorgeous people!  You know I'm talking to you   It's Monday morning and I want to wish each of you divine happiness!!!
Postulating that eating this bowl of Life cereal somehow compensates for not having much of a real life as of late. Happy Monday 
@TheLastWitness Good morning! Yes it IS Monday - isn't it fabulous?!! Enjoy your day. 
Happy Monday, Everyone!!! 
Happy Monday!! 
Good Monday morning to all my Twitter friends!! 
Happy Monday everyone! How are you, dear friends? 
Good morning everybody, I know it's Monday but let's make it a good day 
@AnaRC Yeah me too! Thanks for flagging that  Happy Monday!
Good morning Nebraska! Happy Monday and all that 
has tea....    Happy Monday!
Happy Monday everyone!  What a gorgeous day it's going to be - &amp; I get to use my new sun shade for my car today!  I know - so exciting!  
Put on Destiny's Child's Happy Face to invigorate your day this Monday morning. And put a happy face on yourself 
Happy Monday twitterland! Another crazy weekend down. Thanks again to everyone who came out to meet and/or greet us 
GoodMorning twitterloves! Up early this morning. Have a few personal errands to run. Happy Monday! 
Good Morning  &quot;Tweet Buds&quot;  Happy Monday............   
Good offline- Back later today or tomorrow.  Hope everyone has a cool &amp; great Monday! 
@trainifique thank you for the retweet...I appreciate you  Happy Monday!
Happy Monday everyone! I had a great weekend upstate NY. Hope you'll have a great week 
 @RobertHruzek I most definitely would if I could! Good Morning to you and Happy Monday!
@northernchick Good morning and happy Monday! 
@DonnaNBC4 Happy Monday Donna! This site is hilarous. Have a great week!   http://www.textsfromlastnight.com/
Happy Monday everyone!  Welcome to all new followers 
its Monday lets start the week. Happy people let the sun shine 
@TomAllen1965 Happy Monday to you too! 
@JohannaFischlin @motivationmama You are very welcome!!! Happy Monday! 
Off to get some work done. Happy Monday 
Happy Monday all, going to be a kicken week. tweet you all soon  www.yoursurpriseshoppers.com
must get off the 'net and get things done.  Life is short   Happy Monday all!
#Chuck: Renewed!  Rumored to be heading to Friday  Good news: with a ratings boost there is the possibility of a 9 episode pickup!
Happy Monday everyone!! 
@MisfitDior have a safe trip sweetie  Happy Monday!
Happy Monday everyone!  
Happy Monday tweeples, I hope everyone has a great day, &amp; if your not release the negativity and tell yourself u will no matter what. 
Just scored two pairs of TB flats for the price of one. Happy Monday to me 
@northernchick Happy Monday!! 
Happy Monday Twitter World 
@gonzalocordova Happy Monday to you!!!  Sending smiles ....!
Reading chapter, after chapter for class... then writing a paper.  Happy Monday 
Good morning! Hope your Monday is off to a good start. Mine will be after a steaming cup o'Joe! 
Happy Friday to y'all! And congrats to the PIttsburgh Penguins for their game2 win against Carolina last night 7-4 
Happy Friday everyone  Have a great weekend...bank holiday and airshow woo hoo 
Good morning all, it's a bit grim here this early. Complete lack of sleep again, and not in a great mood. At least it's Friday! 
Good morning to you all, it's Friday.. and you know what that means ! The weekend is starting, and I am looooooving it ! 
Happy Friday  Went to see &quot;Ghost of Girlfriends past&quot; last night with the girls. As ever Matthew didnt disappoint xx
Happy Friday everyone! 
Where's @lkr?  Oh, there she is!!  First, she needs to be #followfriday 'ed and second, I miss her!! Happy Friday Laura!!
@Papigiulio Happy Saturday   May it be a goooooooooood one!
Happy Friday, everyone!  Looking forward to the weekend ahead!  Brother coming, flights booked and forms being sent off today! 
Happy Friday everyone! Only a few more hours until the weekend! 
Happy Friday you twitters- the long weekend here we come!!!  
Happy Friday  &quot;The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled.&quot;  - Plutarch
Happy Friday! Off to Chitown for a wedding. And maybe some #business  #kbuzz
Early morning meeting!! Yippie!! Still raining here...I might as well just give up on it ever ending! Besos twitters!! Happy Friday 
Good Morning, BB Lovers!  Happy Friday!
@xoshannon25 Morning, Shannon   Happy Friday!!!
Good morning. Welcome to Formal Friday. Charity BBQ downtown at 12:00 at the old post office to support relay for life 
@amyramirez @amalfi @jimsmeltzart @PowerSellingMom thanks so much! Happy Friday!! 
@shan8299 Happy Friday to you too from sunny Geneva 
Happy it's Friday and I can't wait for Sunday!  I am going to see Leann Rimes in concert and meet her back stage! 
@AceBlack Happy Friday to you too 
@mzondag Good Afternoon and Happy Friday to you  Hope your having a Fantastic Day my friend 
@YourWxToday Good morning Amy and a happy Friday to you! 
#followfriday  @knealemann a smart intelligent, engaging, spot on, handsome did I mention smart ?  Happy Friday everyone
Good morning! It's Friday  Will be busy today. Not sure how many, if any, #followfriday recs I'll be able to pollute my stream with.
Hello Friday. Good to have you here 
*YAWNS* Good night sleep, but it's still way too early to be up! But a long weekend coming up! Yay! Happy Friday! 
Happy Friday | Whatever you have to do today, just smile  and do it | This is your day | #followfriday | http://ow.ly/8uWW
Happy Friday all!  Have a safe and happy holiday weekend 
@MarkRosenbauer Indeed! Happy Friday 
@Nick7782 Thanks for the Friday follow &amp; Happy Morrissey day to you 
@getfancy Good Morning and Happy Friday to you Girl!! I was feeling a down this morning, but the kids really Cheered me  How are you?
Only has to be at school for a couple of hours today.  Happy Friday!
Good morning! Finally, Friday is here, and looks like we're in for some great weather! Life is good  #TGIF
Good Morning my tweeters!!! lolz!! are we #lovestruck today???  nothing like waking up in the city that never sleeps!  Happy Friday!
Good Friday morning!  I hope each of you have a wonderful day! 
wading back into the stream after spending too much time in my cave  Happy Friday!
Spending most of my day running errands. Too nice out to sit in my dark office all day! Happy Friday  Can't wait to start my weekend!
TGIF!! Happy Friday and Happy Labor Day wknd. Be safe. 
Good morning everyone  wishing you all a wonderful Friday
Happy Friday all! So ready for a long weekend. Not quite awake-think I'll have an iced white mocha from sb this am to get me going! Yum! 
Happy Friday. Day 2 of a wonderful vacation. 
Good Friday Morning, Tweeps! We Made It!! Happy Long Weekend to you all~ May each one of you be safe, happy and joyful today! 
@jonathanfields Morning Jonathan and Happy Friday 
Good morning! Yay its Friday 
Good morning!  It's Friday and the beginning of a holiday weekend.  I hope whatever you have planned, you have fun and are safe!  
Good morning @SlowFoodReno, The book is called Healthy Bread in 5 Minutes a Day http://tinyurl.com/qj9rbs comes out in October! 
Happy Friday Everyone..Awsome game last night...this old dog learned a hat trick.lol 
@RPatZHood Happy Friday Morning to you Hoodie 
Good Morning and Happy Friday everyone! I'm back to the A today! Yay me! 
Good morning and Happy Friday! 
Happy Friday..it's a bit cloudy here..could get rain today. no matter, make the most 
Good morning everyone... heading out 2 meet w my partner to discuss our book.  Happy Friday! will catch up later 
it is another beautiful day! Come in and see all the new spring arrivals.. open at 9:00! Happy Friday!    (1606 Oregon st. Oshkosh)
Good morning tweeple! Happy Friday! 
@SookieBonTemps  Good morning, Sooks.   Happy Frackin' Friday!  
@theladywrites Hey there, Catrina! Happy Friday. 
Happy Friday!  I thought it would never get here... 
G'Day! It's Friday. Happy dance? 
Good Morning All, May you have a delightful enlightening joy filled Friday 
@AndyAndrews @RichBrand @ChristianVDV @donnismusic@philbarbato Happy birthday y'all, just wanted to share some May 22 love 
Good morning tweeties, happy Friday! 
@TribeofJudah Happy Birthday! I always love it when the birthday is on a Friday. Hope your day is a great one! 
Good night, folks. Have a good Friday 
Good looking @prophpeezy on the shout outs!  have a great Friday everyone.
@brenleigh Happy Friday to you too!  I'm so ready for a long weekend  
Happy Friday To Everybody! 
@smileKuzya Happy Friday!  Hope the doctor appt goes well!  
@jesswrightradio  that it is!!!!! keep the good music comin!!!!!  Happy Friday! 
Happy Friday!  Yay for 3 day weekends 
Happy Friday!!! This weekend offers me 'Angel's and Demons' and the museum of civilization in Hull, including some IMAX science movies 
Happy Friday everyone! Lots of work to do this morning...Franchise Solutions is having a cookout this afternoon! 
@ChristinaVOS @SupportMyOffice @DianaEnnen Happy Friday ladies! Thanks for the #FF shout outs 
Hammock camping... Gotta love it! Happy Friday everyone.  http://twitpic.com/5oy03
@Duck13 Awww. Thanks Duckie  Happy Friday!!
@140lover Mornin &amp; Happy Friday back atcha! 
Good morning and Happy Friday all! 
@txjess Happy Friday! Glad you're feeling better 
Happy Friday! may we all find our own sacred spot and just breath!  
Happy Friday! Thank god for it and starbucks!!!! 
Having a brilliant Friday  Working on lots of exciting client briefs and totally lovin' this week's campaign results! Good times
@KronistheiLL Happy Friday 
Happy Friday!!!!  I hope all are doing well....the darling son (5) has decided that we should have a cookout - happy, happy, joy, joy   
@miraclelaurie Happy Friday to you too. Soon you'll have more DH. 
Yay for Friday! Time to power through this payroll so I can get out of here early. Happy Friday! 
Good morning everyone! Happy Friday! How is everyone doing? 
@AppStoreMod Good morning Dewan!!  I definitely will   I'm not sure if I'll have another segment-if not today, def Monday! r u in Sac?
Happy Friday Everyone!!! 
@TammyPowwow Good Murnin and Happy Friday to you too! 
Good morning everyone, and happy Friday!!  I hope y'all had a great week, and may you have a delightful weekend ahead. 
Happy Friday   Waitin for the weekend to start... wooo hooo
@shoemoney Happy Anniversary! Tuesday was 8 years for us 
Good morning everyone! It's Sunday already. Today is special because I have to wake up early and offer prayers to my mum. 
Good Morning Tweeps  It's Wednesdsay! Tommorow is Thursday 
Hey kids! Happy Wednesday, Twittermates. Let's hope for a Barca win this evening 
100th update!  Happy May the 26th!
is now going to sleep. Magic lost *sadness*, now must wait until Saturday. Good night! 
@taylorswift13   Good luck in the morning Taylor!  Can't wait to see you on the Today Show and your special on Sunday night 
I'm off to bed now.  Thank God tomorrow is Friday!!!  Good night! 
I took the bessst nap today! &lt;3 Good night everyone! I'm so glad tomorrow is Friday! 
Is it Friday already? Yes it is...let's hope I'll have time to send you some #followfriday love from work  Good morning.
Good morning. 6.45 am. Sunny Friday morning. Wish all of you the same 
Good morning all, have a blessed Friday 
@thesciphishow Happy Bday mate for the weekend. Give you the pressie on Sunday! 
About to go to sleep!!  TGIF in a couple of hours....  Hope everyone ones enjoys their Friday and the weekend!!!  
I have a beautiful red Betta on hold which I am going to pick up on Sunday. Happy end of first semeter to me  
@darkstar76 Happiest Friday to you and your family, too! Thanks! 
Happy Friday peeps, dress down day at work for me 
Yay it's Friday, Suns out...Good morning everyone 
Good morning Friday 
Good morning world!  Say after me &quot;Yippppeeeee! It's Friday!!!!!&quot; 
@Khushee yay for Friday!! The last 1.5hrs at work went forever hehe.  Happy cooking 
@deadstockric I sent you the invite for Sunday. I will follow up with the film proposal tomorrow  Good night Ric!
Happy Friday arvo all  1 Cor 5:8 - Let us celebrate the feast...by getting rid of all the old yeast of evil and wickedness...
@Fionaw77 Good morning!  Yay for the Friday-ness! How are you? xxx
@SomersetBob morning bob- Happy Friday 
Happy Friday  not quite as happy as could be as at work on Sunday morning. But otherwise... Yay!!
Good news on Friday whoopeeee its just the kind of pick up me that I could use 
Happy Sunny Friday to all you tweets 
Right, should stop Twittering before people unfollow me (lol) and get ready for work. Happy Friday! Mwah to iBostin for #followfriday 
Happy Friday everyone 
Happy Fabric Friday! $3 Flat rate shipping for all the great Japanese fabrics   http://bit.ly/2mFB2
@Rubyletters -Happy Friday to you 
went to see Romeo &amp; Juliet at the ballet last night...tonight is a 50's diner style party!  Happy Friday all! its going to be a hot one! x
Good morning all, happy Friday 
Good morning tweetple! It's Friday the sun is shining and it's looking like it's going to be a great weekend  I'm feeling very happy 2day!
@theadocia ... I think the answer to #1 is the fact that people have loosen up a bit (along with their shirts!).     Happy Friday!
What Beautiful Friday!! Happy Friday Yall! 
@SteviBianca keep quoting Soulja Boy and i WILL block u. Happy Friday 
