Most common words for this cluster:
[('harry', 236), ('potter', 179), ('movie', 19), ('i', 18), ('book', 16), ('com', 15), ('http', 14), ('quot', 13), ('prince', 12), ('rupert', 10), ('na', 10), ('blood', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Harry', 0.8768147826194763), (u'Potter', 0.736790120601654), (u'Gampel_Pavilion_Storrs_CT', 0.6151114106178284), (u'Vernon_Dursley', 0.6117559671401978), (u'Rupert', 0.5984697341918945), (u'B._Scheeler', 0.598395824432373), (u'Aunt_Petunia', 0.5793293118476868), (u'nemesis_Draco_Malfoy', 0.5763140916824341), (u'Alfie_Enoch', 0.5672098398208618), (u'Mrs_Weasley', 0.5623372793197632)]





after the 1000. time watching...still don't really like the 5th Harry Potter movie  sad actually, i love the book though
Frederick just turned off the blazer game to watch Harry Potter, I think he is mad at the blazers.  But I don't mind the change! I &lt;3 Ron
Watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Need to start working, but got work on the mind. 12 hours in hell tomorrow. Fun 
Just realized my night of movies I wanna watch and a bottle of wine has turned into rubbing alcholo fumes and endless Harry Potter 
Is watching Harry Potter because i couldn't hangout with my friends and the ones that i haven't seen in a while!!  i miss you guys!
Dear 17 Again, While we appreciate the Harry Potter reference, no one knew what a Hippogriff was in 1989. 
watching spiderman 3 with mom and bro. Why did they kill Harry Osborn! 
Harry Potter series? - 80% of the world knows it. 10% thinks it sucks. and 10% doesn't know how to read. 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3rro1 - I was there, and I touched Harry's drumstick. I wish he'd given it to me     ......... waiit th ...
About to start Reading the Harry Potter Series... Although I'll get no credit at school for it.  lameeeee
@ShelleeJane That's so sad!    It's &quot;Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets&quot; I like Dobby.
My tears came falling! lol. I'm rereading Harry Potter 7, the part when Snape died. 
@kisfrancis http://twitpic.com/3yd6x - Poor Harry Potter. He can't snort coke 
I wanna go to Six Flags but Harry won't come with 
@laurensbite I've been meaning to email you.. we have alot in common.  Rob, Harry Potter, abusive former man, except I married mine 
It wasn't Harry Potter that woke me up. It was the bowl of Cheerios smashing on the floor. 
Awww... The young Harry on his eleventh birthday... Always makes me sad... 
@wesley83 Coraline was last 3D I saw. I'm looking forward to Harry Potter and Up in 3D this summer. Didn't get to see Monsters vs Aliens. 
don't know what to do today ...as i can't go and see Dougie+Harry in MK 
Harry and dougie #mcfly signing todayy in milton keynes....cant go 
watching Harry Potter. my sneak out plan is not going to be set in motion 
Harry Potter is scaring me 
Harry Potter is officially gone from the Trending Topics  Oh well. It had a good run. Out.
watching some early Harry Hill http://tinyurl.com/pvkmt9, just learned he might be moving to Sky...  
@DavidRGarza They're not into Harry Potter? How sad. 
No photography in Harry Potter the exhibition 
I lost my Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone PS game 
I can't believe I'm excited about Harry Potter 6 
Hairy Harry! LAWL They're all so old now  http://bit.ly/EDgwN
I have a job at camp!!  Only downfall? No midnight showing of Harry Potter for me 
goin 2 bed after finishing Harry Potter &amp; the Deathly Hallows for the 3rd time.. can't help always crying at the same parts of the book 
Why is Prince Harry in the city for only two days?   Must find another way to become royalty..
Watching the first Harry Potter! and it makes realize how much in love I am with the world of HP! I'm gonna cry when its all over 
Harry: see it's morning because gran has got up. Gran: it's too early. Harry: why are you up then? I mngd 30 mins of snoozing btr get up 
@iluvjbonly I meant from JBIT  and hey Paranoid Potter's still not in ur top frnds 
I can't remember who borrowed my Harry Potter 6 book. :| I think it's been years. Is it with You, friends??  
Prince Harry was in Harlem and I didn't know  he was down the street. now i'll never be a Princess ::cries::
Just finished Harry Potter  .. so sad.. but now I'm starting a new book called &quot;Looks&quot;
@tommcfly I'd like to give this drawing to Harry http://twitpic.com/3joif but I think ur producers wouldn't let me see u all at the hotel 
@KauaiMare I did that once with a die hard Harry Potter friend, fell asleep midway  but not for too long I think hehe.
Harry the cat is in bad shape again tonight. 
love the new Harry Potter trailer. Wanna see the movie right now...have to wait 2 months 
AND I saw Findi the designer he was doing a photoshoot. i only took a pic of him. the rest i didn't  AND i didn't see Prince Harry  boo!
Its sad, that while watching this movie, its like &quot;you die next book, you die 6th, 7th&quot;. Snape, Moody, Dumbledore, Fred... 
@catyy I had to fix my glasses with tape once  I looked like Harry Potter because my glasses were EXACTLY like his. I hated it.
watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. Where are the vampires in this movie 
@mona_tweets  I am sorry about Harry 
Every single time I cry @ this part... It's soooo sad.   I can't wait until the Half-Blood Prince! I heart Harry Potter!
Watched the end of Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire on ABC and now I have this weird sad feeling. I miss Harry so much! 
USA not showing House... stuck watching Harry Potter marathon on ABCfamily        
@electra126 awwwwwhe xD looks jus like my cousins dog Harry. makes me miss my doggie 
No way @fluxthings! Harry Potter 3 was such a disappointment 
Watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.  Old School Pattinson!!  Not wanting to go to school tomorrow 
really tired  watching Harry Potter and The Prisoner of Azcaban how big of a loser am i ?? can't wait til saturday hopes it goes good
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire SUCKS after Cedric dies. What's the point of this movie once R-Patz is gone? 
Has been watching Harry Potter all day with @hpala. but she left 
I understand its a lot of Harry Potter books.... but he just getting to old. 
I wish Harry Potter was still on 
Aw, I miss Richard Harris's Dumbledore.  
I wanna see Harry Potter so bad. 
Harry potter clip left me wanting more! Does anyone know when the movie comes out? I feel outta the loop  #MTVmovieawards
I have a throat infection and just want to go to bed with Harry Potter, Christian and Ron. But I have to work and be a pseudo mum 
@tommcfly there was a Harry potter preview but it wasnt that great. 
@EveKiller I got a cold... and I'd like to meet McFly but I couldn't  want to give to Harry and Dougie my drawings... and hug them all! =/
just finished seeing Harry Potter: The Experience and the level of detail in those movie props was insane. Photos were prohibited. 
Aw. Scarhead is making me realize how much Harry Potter stuff I used to have, but lost over the years. 
@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/6grz8 - I hate how the Potter premieres are always in london  makes me sad.
hunger temporarily fixed. still totally tired. need something to cuddle with.. where the hell did Rupert go?? 
@VisualGarnish YAY Harry Potter and Dobby! I wish we were going to see the midnight show together. 
@tommcfly aww!  poor Harry..!    hahaa, did you not take a nappp??  xoxo.
@looktwice_ Ugh. How old is Dumbledore anyway? Tsk, tsk, Dumbledore. You have an affair with Voldemort and cheat with Harry Potter.  Bad.
Rounded out Spider-tastic week with Spidey 3. *sniffle* Peter and Harry made a great crime-fighting duo. Too bad it was so short lived. 
Yesterday, I was at an NBS branch. I saw Harry Potter books, of course. Unfortunately, my money is exclusive for school supplies only. 
owwww Harry 
 I want my stupid fourth Harry Potter book.
 it would appear that my garmin, Rupert, &quot;lost&quot; the data for my last 2 runs - today's race too + it didn't upload to garmin connect. 
About to start reading the fifth Harry Potter book!! I totally should've went out tonight....bored!!! 
Harry Potter 5 is on video on demand! but it wont work 
misses X-Men, Law &amp; Order SVU, Pushing Daisies, Kyle XY, Harry Potter, and a whole bunch of other stuff... 
@Harry_O yer i am going to the game 2moz go pies not goign to the VFL  sad
Call me a geek, but I'm pissed. My copy of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is missing chapters 16 and 17 
I just had a really good conversation with Ryan about Harry Potter and starbucks. it was odd, because we never talk anymore 
On the sofa Watching Harry Potter, missing the F1!  but I have been out numbered! ;)
@stargirl16 dammit...he should use one of the OTHER guy's phones...darn Harry's butt 
Ew. There's apple in my braces. And I can't find Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. How depressing 
@hockeydork i want a pic with Lord Stanley's cup. 
I haven't read book 6 of Harry Potter yet... I hope the library brings it soon! Except it's the children's large print edition 
is sad to know he'll never be able to read a new Harry Potter book.  They made me feel like a kid again.
Aww Harry  That is so special that they bring Harry Kalas' gear on the road with them. Thought they only hung it at CBP!
Getting some new tunes and plowing through my last Harry Potter book. Kinda sad 
a month had passed since Harry wasn't on twitter  xx
Is sad she's not allowed to go to Harry's party tomorow afternoon  x
'Theres a storm coming Harry, just like last time' change Harry to Michelle! Its so black out there! I think its goin to be stormy later! 
So mad Harry Potter won't be in IMAX till days later 
I want Chris Columbus to come back to directing Harry Potter  I don't like that new guy who's done the last 2.
@JeremyHentschel I want to watch all of the Harry Potters with you! 
@documentdiva Still hang out with that unsafe site (Notrot)? I stopped giving my money to Harry years ago! He fails to police the baddies 
@nicksantino I love Harry Potter too.Bahhhh! See you on warped,if i can. 
Just realized with the new Harry Potter movie coming out I'm going to be needing kleenex since one of my favourite characters dies 
in prep for Half Blood Prince, i reread HBP and Deathly Hallows and teared when Dumbledore and Fred and Snape died. so sad! 
http://bit.ly/m3dub  ok, it wasn't THAT bad... boo, can't see Harry in the background... 
I can't find enough people who like Harry Potter irl to play Quidditch with me 
Harry just called me &quot;miss&quot;! 
@janiesmile The epilogue made me kinda hate the whole series. But I still love it. I don't think they're be another Harry Potter book. 
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince pictures released! They're not exciting!  http://www.sodahead.com/question/438159
&quot; yeah well Harry is gone, I think&quot;   Awe  so sad. Cute old man isn't sure if his brother passed away :[
2nd summer without Harry Potter 
@ShierlyAngelina Dude, we still don't have any Harry Potter poster here yet 
Harry's had some lamb for tea, but he's still a bit down and quiet 
FINISHED  Harry Potter + The Order of the Pheonix next... - Not looking forward to it. I love Sirius  http://tumblr.com/xfa22oua6
Just had a very strange Harry Potter dream. I don't understand the point of having a HP dream and not having Quidditch or magic in it. 
@Potter42 I miss YOU, dude. I don't wanna wait 5 months. 
Should have been at the Harry Potter Tour this afternoon 
Noooooooooooo Harry Potter premiere today and I have to work, s**t. Ah I don't like it anyway. But I wanted to see Hermione. 
I want to read Harry Potter, but i fear the destruction of those books. 
@jonisss Stupid Harry Potter... I wish I wasn't a fan  haha
Won't make it to Harry's tonight  
got my Nick magazine today (I know my age, sod off) Harry Potter is on the cover, my poor broken heart. I can't see that movie! I'll die 
Heading home for a girly night with Chris.  Harry Potter ice cream and pizza.  i miss my boy though 
I am being forced to get rid of my daschund Rupert... the worst part is I dont know when... He will just be gone one day when I come home 
@mcflyharry Harry!! brazlian fan here, u don't know how i missed u, thanks god you're back! answer me, please, just send a hi,please  xx
If Harry could make it on short notice, I'd be taggin' along! 
I am currently on my third day of serching for my first Harry Potter book. I feel ashamed for losing it. 
@mcflymusic thankyou for an awesome show tonight, it was our last a-level so especially epic lol, though sorry that Harry hurt his hand 
Just saw a commercial for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Why can't it be July 15th already?  It looks amazing.
Just listened to previews of songs from the new Harry Potter movie 'Dumbledore's Farewell' was sad  Im gonna turn my head when it happens
@commish24 Yeah, we're without Harry and Gary in this area now.  Still trying to adjust to Harry being gone.  It'll never be the same. 
OH NO! I'm gonna be at camp when the new Harry Potter movie comes out 
@JJ_McGuire absolutely... but Harry prefers experience 
@danimercado He was my crush since the 1st Harry Potter, leave me alone.  HAHAHA.
im going back in bed  i hope i feel better tomorrow. time to listen to some @Jonasbrothers and read some Harry Potter. night
Note to self: Harry Potter The Musical Act 1 Part 9, 2:00 Inhave to go now 
Note to self: Harry Potter The Musical Act 1 Part 9, 2:00 I have to go now 
Some of the Harry Potter kids did not age well... 
@mynameisnotmaja By the way. Do you need some Harry Potter-posters? I have two HUGE, and I don't know what I should do with them 
oh god my brother's friend is going to be an extra in Harry Potter &amp; the Deathly Hallows! no words can describe how insanely jealous i am 
Wishing now that I'd gone and seen the Harry Potter bus in Leicester Square but the queues for it were stupidly long 
I cant believe I had tickets to the Harry Potter truck tour in london on thursday &amp; I worked instead.... I missed @TomFelton...why 
oh and I lost my 'Harry Potter and the order of the phoenix', so sad 
Film three of Harry Potter marathon. I have to leave as i live in bloody Surrey. Little Whinging. Well, a fair amount of whinging. 
@mcflyharry I want a Harry hello... Or a Harry smiley 
Harry needs to reply meeeeeeee  I need it... &lt;3
what a crazy manic Harry Potter filled week that was. Now I'm depressed that it's all over 
going to go wash the dishes now. I had wanted to read some Harry Potter before bed, but I don't think I have time  oh, well.
OMG I just found out that Harry Potter is out on the 15th and I'll be at the Gaeltacht...I am freaking out! 
Just finished Harry Potter 4 Ceedddrrriiiccc 
Just finished Harry Potter 4. Cedric 
already missing Harry and Lincy 
@Harry_Johnston nah i can't be bothered getting one lol. where have you been working? i wish i could go to edinburgh  xxx
She's ruining Harry Potter now. 
@mcflyharry Harry Potter. 
I don't like that DC theaters are hating on Harry Potter. 
I wanted to go to the Harry Potter Tour in Haarlem with @whoknowsLisa! 
@ohmynikkywoo I wanted to go to the Harry Potter Tour with @ohmynikkiwoo, but unfortunately Warner Bros. owned us. 
I am watching Harry potter with the kid. 
Harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban. Bored. :/  im still sick. Which really sucks. 
can't wait Harry Potter and New Moon 
My ipod is frozen  Life suuuuccckkkkssss....Harry Potter, come quick!
@mtrang yeah!  Especially before I go back. If not then maybe we will have to meet up for Harry P night.  And why is it a cruel world? 
Why do they NOT make Harry Potter extended editions like the ones in Lord of The Rings?  I need more accurate HP movies in my life. 
Not impressed just found out the new Harry Potter release has been delayed by two weeks for IMAX cinemas 
@saintcreaghy NOOO! The GoKids website cancelled their Harry Potter competition! I'm gonna scream now - ARGH!!! 
really should be getting on with my Harry Potter Fanfiction 
@yaraju Wow, i missed that  I've never seen a 3-D movie..may be Harry Potter in July...
@nicklucido P.S. We never made it to the Harry Potter exhibit  Let me know how it is if you do go though
- *cries* I'm going to miss Harry Potter when it comes out.  I'm leaving to Vietnam on July 11th.  I'm going to cry!!
@JessicaHamby Minx, I bet you have not watched Harry Potter either? Another movie night maybe? 
Ah, breakfast is a great meal  now I'm listening to Stephen Fry narrate Harry Potter- bliss
Just watched the new trailer for Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Looks like it's going to be good 
The 1st meeting of the TG womens group is underway. They are eating pie, having a drink and playing Harry Potter Trivial Pursuit 
Everything's coming up Millhouse! Harry Potter and Saturday night on The Lane 
I just cried my eyes out. idk why. freakin hormones. haha. im watching Harry Potter now. 
I am now the proud owner of Harry Potter y las Reliquias de la Muerte -- aka, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. In Spanish. Sweeeet. 
Watching the end of Harry Potter on ABC. They were so cute back then! 
Okay, tbh, Marley and Me is one of the best films of the year so far. until the new Transformers movie, and Harry Potter 6 
@thaisenayane hehehehe  Harry Potter is great!!! you view the new trailer??? It's fantastic!!!
107 people want Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy) showcased! Repost please.  ... http://tinyurl.com/cvye9j
106 people want Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy) showcased! Repost please.  ... http://tinyurl.com/cvye9j
http://twitpic.com/3lusk - Harry with sunglasses and a towel on his head  
http://twitpic.com/3lvlv - Danny and Harry  Harry took off his shirt *rawr*
Balaam, Harry and other video game knowhowers suggest me some games for my lovefilm 
Just checking up my bebo.... and im trying to find the book Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets so i can read it..... i need it BAD!! 
@mcflyharry Harry, you're alive! 
says he LOVES Harry Singh's business idea and is looking forward to working with him..YEYAH!!! 
@ohindiegirl http://twitpic.com/3pg7r - love that you have an old record player, very spiffy. and kudos on the Harry Potter book 
Readin Harry potter.  he makes me happy.
When Harry Met Sally 
is chillin with my favorite Bug today!! Makin posters for Estonia team &amp; watchin some Harry Potter 
Watching Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban on abc. 
@Rupert_Grint i can't wait for harry potter  
@vamplien also; i was watching Harry Potter 1 instead of doing hw.  Mini-actors = adorable.
A day of relaxation....which means reading Harry Potter....  
@rainbowlezzy He's my crazy kitty... Potter's my favorite 
re-reading 6th Harry Potter, did dishes, mended a cushion on the patio sofa, &amp; fixed one of the outdoor barstools. An accomplished Sunday 
@Rupert_Grint About the dog thingy, an adorable golden retriever would be awesome !  Or a husky, too. x
I &lt;3 Rupert Grint......&amp; of the boy, Ive accepted tht I do fancy him  But im certain he doesnt feel the same so its not worth telling him
@penguinnose http://twitpic.com/4rnaq - I have my own Harry Potter robe, too!!!  it's a Ravenclaw robe, though. 
I'm reading Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince 
Damn, Rupert Grint is awesome in Harry Potter!  (especially now when he's older) Great lines and facial expressions. He's a good actor.
@Bvictor awwww, jealous!! I'm watching Harry Potter  Its 4am here and I slept all day so I'm wide awake now!
@foreverxdirt there are three big guys upstairs spread out on the couches (like you and  me) watching Harry Potter. I feel safe here now 
Harry Potter Chapter 2, here I come! I hope you know this proves that I really do like you 
Harry potter, harry potter, uooh, harry potter, harry potter, yeah ;-) harry potter uoh harry potter, harry potter that's me!!  hahaha
Harry Potter is one of the most popular tweet topics riht now 
New picture. Can't wait for new Harry Potter movie 
I love ABC for showing Harry Potter on Saturdays. 
Harry Potter nos Trending Topics 
I'm watching the fourth Harry Potter movie. Now tell me, how effing excited are you for the sixth one!? Haha I know I am 
I'm not even sad I don't get ABC. I have all the Harry Potter movies on dvd. I can fast forward Cedric &quot;going to sleep&quot;. 
Day dreaming of Fuzzball and Harry Potter  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
Harry Potter is on.....so I'm signing off...night all 
The 1st book that really sparked my love for reading was &quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone&quot; in the 5th grade. Thanks to my teacher 
Watching Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire  w/ meh mommaaa! 
Just saw the commercial for the next Harry Potter movie and it looks good. Can't wait for it to come out! 
@shannon0303 he did  and he also got me Harry Potter's while in London, a few months ago 
@hasmathair AJKSHDFUWIFHOE!!! ahhh can't freaking wait!!! this movie is gonna be sick!! the trailer is AWESOME!!! I &lt;3 Harry potter.. 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/5d2qj - sexy expression there Harry  xxx
laughing at Harry and his exlamation marks on Radio 1 and Dougie's issues with everyone's grammer  x
@Kiminrainbows Ron/Krum? Mm, Hermione/Cho  the one I like the most is Snape/Hermione XD
@hollywills congratulations and all the best for you and Harry  take care x
@Rupert_Grint rupert where is the premeire going to be? what's up?  later 
@rosietypewriter Hahaha! James Potter: 'I wanted Bellatrix squirming and screaming at the end of my wand.' Yeaaaah. Loving this fic 
Reading Harry Potter for the gazillionth time.... it never gets old 
Reading the sixth Harry Potter book again to refresh my memory. I am really enjoying it.  Cannot wait for the movie!
@HarryMcBride good luck Harry on your exams today. 
Reading Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. I hate Mrs. Umbridge. This is rare, that i hate a person after so few lines of text. 
Home! Wow , well done Harry. swim swim 
Oh, yay! I love hotel cable... up next: Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire! OR Yes Man! Votes? 
Off to see Harry Potter: The Exhibition this a.m. with my mom. 
@Bearpiglett I have Harry Potter in July  I will try and only see it once ;)
is re-reading Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows 
can't wait for Harry Potter 6!!!!!!!! 
would have been cool to see Blondie live in their prime. Debbie Harry was the hottest woman alive in my mind when i was a kid 
@lordmuttley you rock dude!  Yes can you believe it, Harry Potter is on too, but thought Transformers was more your cuppa! 
I wish I had brought my copy of Deathly Hallows home with me! Summer and Harry Potter go together like cookies and milk! 
@mirrelldc thougt you might like the link.  Behind the scenes pic of Harry Potter and deathly hollows shoot 
because I'm tired, but can't sleep, I'm going to put on Harry Potter and make popcorn. 
@KwikSpell I'm glad there's someone else in the world besides Ron Weasley who understands that. 
It Had to be You - Harry Connic, Jr. An old song, but a good song. 
@BackstreetBB21  Aw, I miss you. Send Matt my love tomorrow! You me and @lizeelou2 gonna go to Harry Potter right?
@cpark9 I know! You can never go wrong with Harry Potter 
in Prince Rupert . . .  getting ready for my sisters wedding! 
There's new Harry Potter merch on the Hot Topic website I want/NEED! =p Sucha fangirl, I know (don't care) 
