Most common words for this cluster:
[('hate', 244), ('today', 18), ('time', 13), ('am', 12), ('work', 11), ('quot', 11), ('day', 9), ('home', 9), ('days', 8), ('http', 8), ('amp', 8), ('hours', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Hate', 0.9562444686889648), (u'Hate_Them', 0.6707244515419006), (u'Despise', 0.6487374305725098), (u'Funnier_Than', 0.6451072692871094), (u'hate', 0.642501711845398), (u'Misunderstand', 0.6422085762023926), (u'Piss_Off', 0.640322744846344), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.6400322914123535), (u'Self_Loathing', 0.6388803124427795), (u'Hate_Mail', 0.6380550265312195)]





Got a cold  Hate this Dutch weather!!!
@FemaleProdigy Hate to burst your bubble but TV Guide's Matt Roush says it's a disaster!  I was looking fwd to it also. 
Wah. Hate sewing, hate my machine. 
 thought i was off work at noon. Very wrong. Hate that!
@mileycyrus Go Miley!!! Hate I missed u in Knoxville 
Laundry washin' and lots of it. Also watching Spain on the road again. Hate that gourmets diary of a foodie doesn't play on phx PBS! 
Dentist today -   Hate needles....
life goes on, the ear is still a pain with  healing , its NOT happening   Hate to think I am back to the dr,  no insurance SUCKS
Why is it always 2or3am before I realize it? I should've gone to bed 2-3 hours ago! Hate working AM's. 
Hate being sick  one of my ears is soooo full of wax  can't get it out. Might visit a pharmacy today. First: shave 'n' shower
Just got up.Hate Nightshift 
LFSHS kid passed away from a drug overdose earlier. Hate death and sadness. RIP 
Argh gotta work from 14-23 pm today. 9 fucking hours!! I'm gonna die! Hate it to work besides Uni... 
Hate saturdays at work. Always eat too much junk.  we have multipack doritos and cookies and biscuits and starbucks so far. Fattie.
Hate saturdays at work. Always eat too much junk.  we have multipack doritos and cookies and biscuits and starbucks so far. Fattie.
Morning Twitterville...need coffee but off to take puppy to vet for another round of shots. Wish me well. Hate to see her cry... 
GRRR. Hate it when I forget about something on Ebay and miss the closing time. A nice set of 55mm close-up filters missed 
Hate working Bank Holidays. And the rest of the week for that matter. Eurgh 
@aianna21 Oh booo  I think I should get drunk more often, it helps me sleep. Hate myself the next day, but what the hell.
Hate to be on a downer but Feeling Sad/disappointed/annoyed/upset/regretful 
Uggh! Hate that my sidekick is shot  I miss keeping in touch w/ppl (besides being on my desktop).
Hate seeing a kid so sick   Esp.the boy b/c he is rarely sick so when he is it's usually really bad.
@Hate1990 Oh is it totally fucked? 
Hatred for everything right now 
Gah. Hate server outages. Mail AND sites are down 
 Hate Holidays
Hate to get up very early in the morning. Need to hurry, have to leave at 6.50 am to pick up colleague to go to Amsterdam for a lecture. 
http://twitpic.com/556nr - Arghhh!! Hate Airports 
Am well pissed off today... Totally on a downer  Hate everything (( Boo fecking hiss...
If I didn't have Josh moving in here, I would let  You move in wit me and help you out! Hate to see you go!  B[dub]tm[TRUST]
Tummy so full, but I still want to eat.  Hate that feeling. Was thanked for speaking up about retarded morning crew. I can has raise now?
Just dropping in. Missed too many tweets to ck. em out. Hate it when that happens.    Oh well! Que cera cera!
Tweeting with the birds cos in my befuddled state left the house an hour before I needed to. Hate that. Being rained on now too 
Hate whn my doc is right. On 5/12 @drsadrieh said +4wks til foot norm. I lafd. 2 days hvy walkng &amp; swollen beynd shoes. Cabs today then. 
Am about to head to Oxford to church.  YEA!!!  Hate I will miss @polsgrove preaching today 
is feeling so edgy and angsty :S Don't know what to do :S Hate this feeling  So confused :S AARRGGHH!! 
@Kerry_Katona Really pleased you're back after everything! Hate the press when they make life so uncomfortable for you guys! 
Finally got to this one @PuckTarget time for bed now?  (re: &quot;Loving every minute of it! Hate for it to end! ) ? http://blip.fm/~6ibun
Cried in school just now cos of Math results  Hate crying in public. Got 1st in class for English, though 
Hate worrying. Have done in my neck also 
Hate being sick cause I'm so tired all the time  Going to bed preeetty soon. Night xxx
@lisa2976 Hate it   Most of the organic salad (major brands) use corn plastic containers too. I have not had issues here but others have.
Just called for transfer of Persians to new home.   Hate to c them go.Ignoring the cruelty to animals going on under our noses is sinful.
Hate these AM exams 
Hate to admit this, but I'm having serious difficulty keeping all the Japanese names/places straight in my head for Devil Summoner 2.    
Plus I totally didn't go to school today...oops. But I will do study! Bagpacking at four today...why oh why  Hate it
Ugh...up at 5am.  Hate west to east coast flights.  Leave at 7:30, arrive in Birmingham at 5pm 
@trent_reznor why can i stream albums from the iPhone app but not online? I can't find Pretty Hate Machine on lala, spotify, etc... 
Gross grosss gross, would sit next to me. Hate right now bus 
I want some broccoli and pasta.  Husband is doing a show. I'm going to get &quot;I Hate Karaoke&quot; t-shirts made. You watch!
Hate washing my hair! Because then it has to be dried &amp; straightened.  And then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair 
@mikusi gawd. People still remember the preggers comment. Hate you! 
@sarahchambers19 Ooo you is back!  Good time? and argh! It hurtssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!  Xx Hate headaches!
Decided I should study  (finger down throat making gaging noises) Hate MFs!!
I want to shoot Viva Hate... this is only the second time since I got my new camera I've had a chance, and the other was pitch black 
@bhamboxset I saw them at a show a few weeks ago.  Hate to say I was not all that impressed    fun. and AS were good, though.
I wish I could go to the Love Music Hate Racism gig this weekend   I'm not in the right part of the world even 
Hate being skint  Anybody want to give me another job? haha!
@epiphanygirl I had no idea you were performing at the Civic Center tomorrow!!  Hate to miss it!! Saw u live last yr and l loved it!!
I feel u bro. Been up since 9 but not able to start getting ready. &gt;@kashaziz: Hate getting up early 
@indeuppal f****** t*ats!!! Hate the stupid lil sh*ts!! BNP 
I would love Saturdays so much more if I didn't have to work!! Hate when work gets in the way of fun!  
Train line to my dad's is fucked! Hate replacement bus services  better no miss too much of the game! X
Making the rounds to Lowes. Hate when you run out of Propane 
Hate warm wether at night time! Far too hot to sleep 
Hate it when you forget to lower your ISO after being inside and get grainy shots in perfect light outside...when in Paris 
http://bit.ly/fBB1J  Snippet of Mariah's new song &quot;Hate u&quot; play at L.A. Reids party 30sec/cellphone recording  lol.
Hate Satrurdays I'm all alone 
FUCK. Bad cramps. Definitely hate it. Hate it. HAAAAAAAATE IT 
@Holly_Baugh Hate to cut this short..I have to go to work  BOO!  I will catch up with you later this evening?
will post to Etsy and Art Fire soon. Watch for listings for a few of my very pretty porcelain dolls...they are so pretty. Hate to sell 
Hate my life!! Somebody kill me please! 
Relaxing Finally.. Went to a Funeral today  Hate Funerals but I always support my Friends
Hate not being able 2 sleep. Watching ferrets play in cage. Feel bad that i didnt get them out this weekend. 
Don't want to go back to work tomorrow! Hate it already! Life's so unfair! (ok, I'm in a baaad mood today) 
Hate Mondays 
@Loki_ZA Hate you 
Its boilin outside. Just moved my car 31degrees!! Hate leather seats burn my back 
Knackered. Hate this weather 
@craigy1 Was bit tender on Sat night but ok now. Hate it as I'm usually like you and go brown 
Hate This Weather  Hate Exams  Had Enough
Is there something wrong with Multiply?  I can't view who viewed my site. Hate it.
Gotta go... time's up. I hate not having internet! Hate it!!! 
@DerrickJWyatt ... I just realized! We still don't know what Slipstream's trait is.  Loyalty? Hate? Will we ever know?
had a great day with my kids on the beach, cant wait for summerbreak. Lazy mornings. Hate the fact that school starts at 8:30, so uncool 
Hate this part of Bank Holidays.....the realisation that there is work tomorrow 
Have I mentioned that I Hate Shoe Shopping. 
Hate having to repeat what is wrong wit me like 78542578 times can't they just ask the person I just told!?! Just make the pain go away!! 
Going to Ikea.. but first need to clean boyfriend's sick out of my car. Just wasn't feeling it at 1am! Hate drunk boys 
Hate when I wake up early...Ready to get day started but can't for another five hours 
Gettin ready 4 work early since I havent been able to go back to sleep for an hr now. Hate that if im up more than 10 min, im up 4 good 
@mrlex Yeah it's rubbish! Hate not having my car 
Dreamin abt this blasted job!! Hate waiting around for a phonecall 
@Anime81  Hate when that happens. :laughs:
Hate skype. Have to move to windows if I need to join a public group chat 
Watching 10 Things I Hate About You. I miss Heath 
Bored! Hate not being able to drive 
Cookin' for 5 friends that came around. Hate them, I don't feel like cooking today 
Im 20 minutes early for my interview at priestly, so i will sit in the car + get warm first :/ dont like interviews. At all. Hate them. 
Hate the dentist. Am there now. 
1st time in months- made the mistake of looking @ ex's LJ. I've been all fucked up for going on 2 days now.  Hate I let this get to me.
sad sad day, The norman hotel, brisbane is on Fire. Hate my steak well done as well  http://bit.ly/13bvDY
Rainin Day In NYC. I Hate it! 
Fck! Just fell asleep watchin tv.. Hate that 
Decided not to go to Disneyland  stayin home for my birthday. Hate my friends to death right now
Hate funerals   R.I.P. Uncle Mike.
Dude this movie is trippin me out! Hate being home alone!  I'm all looking out my windows and shit! Lol
Hate brother's mocking evil laugh! His favorite! 
@garymac1965 I should think not! Too young yet. Plenty of time for all that. I'm fed up today. Hate the rain. 
Probably gonna play at &quot;15 Minutes of Fame&quot; in Wijchen, June 17/18.. Yes, in the middle of my last test week!   Hate it when this happens
Feeling worse by the minute. Hate having a flu!  Think its time for a nap!! http://myloc.me/2MYV
@nhoustonreed   I Hate HACKERS. their so so what is the word I'm looking for?
I hate Flash CS3's scale 9 grid handling. Hate hate hate. Look how bitter it has made me! 
@HowardCosell Ha!! L is short for Grimy? Hilarious! Give me some type of scoop right quick. You got me feeling all raw again! Hate that! 
Rushed home for a class that ended up canceled. Staring at my computer in disbelief. Hate when that happens but that's life I suppose. 
Hate how my sources aren't getting back to me and one of the theaters closed! Stupid cut backs on theater in this county 
played Left4Dead yesterday. Involved lots of screaming and shootind at ones own/teammate's leg. Hate zombies. And suck at aiming. 
@Rumcheeka Oh no! Hate when that happens 
Cleaning! Yeah I really am, believe it or not! Hate it 
Love-hate relationship w/ street festivals. Hate how old I feel. 
@dougiemcfly Hate the fact that you didn't even look at the crowd  You were awesome tonight Doug! I love u, thanks for the plectrum!!!
Hate when my favorite target doesn't have everything I need. Now I'm forced to go to Wal-mart. UGH. Shoot me now.  
Ugh ...I Hate Sundays 
@TDLQ @JennLovesM5 Thanks...and I'll miss y'all too. Hate to leave w/out knowing who's going to win. 
@emcomm1 Hate to cut this short, but I have to get some shuteye. Wife says I have a lot to do tomorrow, which is code for &quot;laundry day.&quot; 
Hate men who sit directly in front of you with legs wide open. Like they're showing off their masculinity to you or something 
Showered now,just gunna get dressed and rough dry hair before getting some toast cos I am STARVING.Hate it cos painter is outside my room 
@postalgal1 good morning mom! Love you. Hate mondays 
Damn... Tomorrow scares the shit out of me... Hate my prof and I suppose she doesn't like me 
Hate Mondays... So hard to wake up and realize I have to work... 
@Karen230683 Awww booo that is crap!! Hate goin shopping and coming home empty handed! 
Hate it when I have to start mon. Showing someone the door 
@MLB_ChiVino Love this show! Hate finales though 
Its hot in Vegas...... here comes the HEAT!!! it sucks lol Just getn started  Hate 2 See next month.....
 there goes my A for sociology. Sigh ... Hate myself
Almost packed and ready to head back to Switz.  Hate travelling sometimes and today is one of those days 
Chocolate for breakfast - again. Hate being this tired. 
It's time I put my foot down n end  all this BS that has stressed me for so long! I just need the strenght 2 do it! Hate being sad 
@Chells   Sad. Hate it work work interferes with real life...
Waiting for 1:05 so I can print my bosses boarding pass &amp; go home. Have a bunch to read before class tomorrow  &amp; laundry. Hate laundry!
Grr not having a good am. Getting in trouble at work for being truthful. Truthfulness is my big flaw. Hate getting punished for it. 
Watched Pushing Daisies finale.  Hate ABC even more now, but at least there was a pseudo-&quot;what happened to them&quot; at the end 
Nahh.. i think its more of a &quot;Sliced my toe on the edge of a bed Cut??&quot; I Hate them Their the just the worst... 
Out in 37th place. No cards for last two hours - made a final stand with 22 and ran into AA. Hate poker. 
Hate my life, I have to study 4 a relly big test tomorrow. Bye. 
Ran out of smokes. Hate having to go downstairs to get another pack. 
eating meiji strawberry yoghurt !! Yummmm. Should i start with my homework?  Hate comprehension !
Hate my sauna-like room, a heat that is impossible to escape. Also, WHY do I have no post?  *kicks Brunel*
Omg, new dentist appointment today at 3, im shitting it. Hate them. 
I HATE websites. Hate hate hate. STUPID thing 
Everytime I thing after that it's gonna be amazing .. But when it's time everything that Iwanted to do .. is cancelled, ...  Pff  Hate it!
I am back.  Talked to my daughter over a bad line.  Conversation was pointless yet am saddened by it.  Hate this i really do 
Leave for Philidelphia tomorow night/ friday morning! So excited, Hate long haul flights though 
Hate the way that iTunes keeps focusing itself during the iPhoneOS3 upgrade while I try and work in other applications, very annoying  ^ST
Missing my Boy's poetry concert tonight. Hate that 
Talk about Random Hate... 
Math is soooo pointless. Hate it 
Slept bad, feel tired. Hate exams. Hate hate hate!!  stomach is a bit upset too. Wish me luck. Don't want to screw up my last exam.
@section59mike Me too  Hate when they tease us like that
Nope, won't get it. I can always buy one later if this one dies. Hate missing out though. 
Hate it when im forced to listen to my ipod. It always seems necessary for me to do that when im around him. Grr. 
Lunch alone @ FUJI, emporium  Hate eating alone... 
Need another cigarette before i call all the staff together. Hate this part of my job 
Minha dining room table chegou, finally depois de 2 meses de espera! Sem nanny hj, hubby viajando e chovendo  Hate it
mmm pancakes.  W/ peanut butter + syrup.  Hate making pancakes, but this shake jar thing, just add h2o - so simple!  Problem:  want more 
Hate u @Natty_Bea oh how I wish we had crack n the box here 
@stealtheshow Hate hate hate Office 07. Been using it for months and still can't figure it out 
Dentist appointment at 3:30 to look at broken tooth. Slightly freaked out due to probable expense of visit and dentists in general. Hate. 
Yes I'm still here...another client w/hubby outside. OMG, are they done? A miracle! I can go now. Hate when ppl block my car 
Argh argh argh.... Hate Sree 
I am actually watching TV! YAYA!  Hate watching alone tho  Anyone else watching Psychoville?
Feels soo stressed..  hate that feeling!
Hate work. Johnny depp is in chi town tonight and I'm missing all the action 
Ugh. So. Tired. I took resumes around this afternoon in the burning sun. Ink coffee, chocolate factory, hire me. Please! Hate the b&amp;n. 
Man, itunes 8.2 upgrade forcing me to restart. Laptops has a solid ~6 months of uptime. Hate having to set everything up anew 
Hate it when husband falls asleep around 11! I've only seen him a whole 4 hours today.  Think I'll jump on the bed and tickle him awake.
Hate When dad's break promises 
@sunnygirlsf Least I'm not the only one up.  Hate thunderstorms   Can't sleep and power keeps flickering.  Sigh.
Think I've trapped a nerve in my shoulder, agony. Hate picking up injuries. 
Away for 3 days!!!! Hate sleepovers @ work 
Have glass of wine in hand, am in a foul mood, but dont want to harrass boy to give a shit when he is sick..... *sigh* fuck uni. Hate it 
don't want to go to work  Hate working at Sainsburys...
Hate Economics..  Sad face
Watching Why did I get married? Jilly from Philly needs to beat his a$$!  Hate being up this early after being up so late. 
@FOEtweets Ouch! Hate it when that happens! Try eating cold stuff, like icecream or a smoothie, may help but most likely just has 2 heal! 
Feeling shitty! Been sleeping on &amp; off all day, still feel tired &amp; nauseous  so hungry but can't eat. Hate being sick!
updating address book in anticipation of iphone.  Hate how Tmo makes it impossible to download phone #'s onto CPU.  Fist to wall. 
Hate MOT test here... All very officious and no chance to bung them a tennet and let it pass 
In work. Wishing for death. Hate iphone 
Driving the van to Richmond... Hate driving this thing! 
Hate young annoying chavvy kids. Shops been full of them today  haha 
Wow, drush was a fail on my live server.  I very sad.  Have to post an issue.  Hate it when I can't figure out for myself 
Whale Wars   'Humanity' shouldn't apply to whalers. Hate would 'seem' appropriate but that bring me to their level - Dislike whalers.
Hate this job. Stuck here and can't go see my papa 
I suddenly feel this sadness and emptiness around me. I don't know how to describe it, but i Hate this. Night, people. 
but Florence has the best leather Goods.  I want some new bags...   Hate having caviar dreams on a bestland's chicken egg budget.  lol
@MyrtleShuffle What? You don't believe me? LOL. Where should i eat? Hate this rain!  Re: Gender roles: You can be WHOEVER you want 2! LOL.
Hate that Wal-Mart doesn't hand the bags to you, just places them in bags on a turnstile so that u pay &amp; then forget to pick up all bags 
He's Just Not That Into You. Hate. 
Hate it when husband curses!! Which is almost all the time  wasn't always like that though.
Plus I don't know how to put a green tint on my picture to be like Rainn Wilson  Hate everything!
Hate it when people keep asking me to hurry up. Why rush? Why deadlines? 
Hate doing this stupid PDH assignment 
Whirlwind of a week.  Last day with T and Paul.  Hate that they're leaving. 
Goshhh! Hate winter! Sick with flu! Want to not feel like this... 
Gotta be 18 to apply to be in the audience for 'You have been watching'. Hate being 17 and 3 quarters 
Hate to bitch on my 400th tweet, but I got a F'ing parking ticket today at UTA for no decal.  I was already parking a good 1/2 mile away! 
@MissMaryFaith Hate to say it, but you prob will have to wait til Thur for Regina Spector. Bills, bills, bills. I'm sorry 
I've been trying to delete K'naan's album Troubadour from my iPod for 3 days, but it keeps hiding from me apparently.  Hate this album!
Is In A Mood Grrr Hate Perants 
@tranquilista Ugh...I loathe riding by those trucks. Loathe it, loathe it, loathe it, and try so hard not to look into any of their eyes! 
Tired of uni. Got to sleep (an achievement for an insomniac!) and floormates woke me up but shouting next door. Hate complaining though 
Hate when BB put the bloody bird sounds on !!! Wanted to hear whether Scree actually had ANYTHING of interest to say 
is missing the Transformers 2 premier tonight.  Hate being sick. :'(
Damn Youtube is taking forever to process the video. Hate waiting. I may have to photobucket the video if youtube fail  frustrated
Hate writing out CV's it takes ages 
Hate it when my coffee is too hot to drink in the AM. 
Hates goodbye! Any kind of goodbye! Geez! Hate it!! Period! End of story! 
Hate Rain  blah
PAIN - Shut your mouth / Hate them mornings when the only thing u wanted was some milk   http://chilp.it/?c3f236
@craig42k  pretty good! Looking forward to a good week. Hate this rain, though..
@pablorovalo Hate marketing, Hate Information, Believe in Communication. 
Hate Santos all u want. But the music is jammin' on the friggin' one. Get me somewhere that plays great music, I'm all over it. 
@vivid13 I hate the Mamba! Hate it hate it hate it! I'd be smiling as I was driving past it only for the fact that I'm not on it. 
Hate Mondays..let us hope that it'll be great. 
I'm bored... Hate mondays.. Just realized that I'm like Garfield, the cat.. Miau.... 
@emmyrossum ah  Hate it when that happens! The Race to Erase MS is this week. Are you going? 
Happy Mother day!!  Oh wow, i just done watch &quot;THE MIST&quot;, it's a pretty good movie but what an unfair ending...!! Hate sad endings....
From a few days ago but funny nonetheless. Racist Japanese camera?  http://adjix.com/cc3q (via @GuyKawasaki)
From a few days ago but funny nonetheless. Racist Japanese camera?  http://adjix.com/cc3q (via @GuyKawasaki)
Cried in school just now cos of Math results  Hate crying in public. Got 1st in class for English, though 
OMG!!!! Volleyball these days are sooooo tiring!!!!!! 4 hours 3 times a week! Hate it but it's the only way to get in the team. sigh ;) 
Left naples at 330am and now were a few hours from home. Hate being home but ill get a home shave in 
@_Dylan_Lewis_ Hate me if you will, but Recovery &lt;3 !  Thanks 
Wooo sister passed her driving test today  McDonalds is in order lolol. I want to study outsideeeee! Hate being stuck in
