Most common words for this cluster:
[('hate', 297), ('work', 16), ('home', 11), ('today', 10), ('rain', 10), ('time', 10), ('sick', 9), ('feeling', 8), ('na', 8), ('day', 7), ('days', 7), ('life', 7)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Hate', 0.9999552965164185), (u'hate', 0.6429013013839722), (u'Hates', 0.5836285352706909), (u'Despise', 0.5521208047866821), (u'Piss_Off', 0.5469616055488586), (u'Hate_Them', 0.5442812442779541), (u'Misunderstand', 0.5414069890975952), (u'Racist', 0.5383980870246887), (u'Sucks', 0.5363960266113281), (u'Condone', 0.5358688831329346)]





Hate my life sometimes  xx
Hate keeps crashing 
Hate feeling this way 
Is it not ok to just want to Hate you?  i can't do this anymore.
I miss my old house  So many memories lost... I Hate not having my own room
? Is thinking that she wants to go home..Hate college  ?
Hate politic!! Huuh 
Hate bn stuck in an office wen its so lovely out 
Hate home work, isn't doing work at school enough  errr
Hate this weather! I can't sleep my room is too hot! 
Ughhh. Hate this turn of events. 
Worrk worrk worrk. Hate the whole every weekend thing 
Hate watching my hubby in pains 
@vdehejia I Hate that its really annoying 
Hate calling out but me no feel good and I didn't even drink last night 
Hate revision 
Hate to see when my oldest muppet daughter's heart aches.  she is tough though and will get through it.  http://myloc.me/s6r
Just woke up... Hate the rain  I wish I was somewhere down south
@MiaChambers So cute when that happens! Hate waking them up though. 
Hate it when I wake up with a headache  think I've been in front of the computer too much lately, as having breakfast and tea didn't help 
Hate the doctors, especially when they dont tell you what wrong with you! 
Hate when the first 2 thoughts when I wake up in the morning are abt bad things 
Feeling pretty lonely!!!! Hate this feeling... 
Hate that my back is going out again...grrrr.... I wish I could go out with it 
Hate my back today... Normally, it hurts just a little bit, but today it's like a 9 out of 10 
@antgalvin Hate that 
@StephCyrus09 LMAOOO I Hate you 
I'm gonna go back on a diet. Hate being overweight !! 
Hate trying to go to sleep when the sky starts to light up  http://twitpic.com/54w50
Hate toothache! 
Hate being ill. 
Dictating dictating dictating. Hate ebt summaries 
Hate my life 
Hate that I'm getting sick again 
Waiting desparately for the monsoons. Hate to be a couch potato  during wkends
Going to bed. Hate 5.30am starts 
Just feeling bad..tired and sad  Hate sundays..
@taluta How's your boy? (Hate me: if I got the gender wrong  and the weather. We're about to hit rain season here...it's getting humid
Hate being sick  but love getting a few days off work to chillax!
@Sarahdouey aah tonsilitis is sooo painful u got antibiotics? Hate that you have to work when u r sick 
Hate being ill 
Hate to leave  but catch you shortly! x
Hate driving in the rain.....   
Wishing my car was fixed. Hate riding to work. 
Hate these &quot;premium&quot; articles on mckinseyquarterly.com 
My arm is sore. Hate autologous blood donation 
@andreafancinell i am currently sat with my sunglasses on... don't have any lavender tho  Hate my head! 
Hate it when my kids are sick.  At least the big ones hit the bowl when they puke 2 year old, not so much 
Hate going to the doctor  someone send help 
Hate hate hate hate turning down gigs. 
i'm hungry again!  Hate being on a &quot;life style change&quot;  
Waiting for my driver! Hate to wait!!!!! 
Cars been dropped off for service and mot  getting the train home! Hate public transport!!
Hate be late 
Hate being sick  especially when there's no one to pamper me 
Hate I am going to miss the tweet up this weekend 
Hate fighting 
I'm so bunged up!! I Hate colds!! 
Hate it when I put my foot in my mouth. 
Hate getting up early 
@ozazure oh that's really sad   Hate hearing about small/good businesses in trouble 
is going to shower and then get dressed, Hate working when its so nice outside! 
It's sooo hot outside! Hate that I'm stuck inside revising 
Feeling exhausted despite getting more than enough sleep. Hate being here on my own, it makes me sad 
Hate it when a cop is behind me. 
Hate it! 
Hate this latex allergy of mine. no water balloon fights 
thinking (&amp; crying) on my bed. I Hate me 
Hate getting three blocks away and realiZing these shoes are going to hurt 
Hate it when mom and randy fight. Seems like that's all they do lately 
Hate spending Sundays at home. An argument always erupts 
It's brilliant weather here yes We're building a flatpack bed!! Hate that.  Your beer sounds lovely. Small anon french lager here  
Apparently its memoriesnmore day on tybee.  Hate I'm missing it! 
Hate it when I bring my reusable bags to the grocery store and the bagger insists on wrapping things in plastic before bagging them. 
has hayfever. It completely and utterly sucks. Hate hate hate it. 
@AliLinds  sorry! Hate those!!
Hate work now 
@nishitau I spent about an hour in the sun the other day. I am now as brown as a bucket of mud. Hate. 
just got to work.  Hate waking up so early 
Out last night for the first time in ages and have a banging headache today. Hate bank hol mondays 
Ugh! Hate mornings!! I'm gonna be living off coffee the next 5 weeks.  xoxoxo
In science class  ugh... Hate school its a waste of time
Not feeling good... Hate it when he's gone 
Off to cinema with youngest daughter. Hate going to the cinema 
*sigh* Hate having to turn work down 
At school and missing my molly.  Hate leaving her.  
Hate coughing!!! 2 more weeks and ill be the big 24 man I'm getting old. 
@twitbudgie Hate it, especially as a teen when all my friends were tanning! 
@Tiqui54 Hate you 
I knew this was gonna happen, so why didn't I stop it??  Hate this feeling
Hate that no one is actually discussing #clothdiapers anymore 
Little sad 2 leave this place tho  This from the kid who used to cry when we threw out the xmas tree. Hate endings
@Jakesmom02 awww dang! Hate when that happens  I've been lucky/spoiled hubby's job now we can plan things n they actually happen-amazing
Hate when youtube is down 
@fetmats Would have loved that but I live in the wrong country!!! Hate borders 
Hate working when it's sunny 
@helloiamjon naw jon just naw go just go get off this no1 cares! go away and like not be on this man! Hate you! ko ko ko did i scare you? 
Hate being caught n the middle of the boss &amp; the boss's bosses battles. 
Hate to tell you all the sun ain't guna last 
can't sleep. Hate this bed...I want to go home 
@ciaobella6 Any idea if you're gonna have to stay, or if you'll be able to go enjoy some vacation time yet? Hate it for u if no vacation. 
@tipadaknife I never let myself play too much of a beta anyways, so I don't mind. Hate to ruin content by over-playing it in beta 
Hate E3 sometimes, mainly because I want most of the games they are showing 
Hate being a slave wage, need to get out of this frickin' hell hole, can't do anything until august though 
Keeping myself busy this morning. Hate being bored 
Going to have to nap! Hate napping but after a night of acting out in my sleep and waking up wondering where my arms went it must be done 
Hate being on hold!  Boooooooooored...
you know? I Hate remedial and an unfair teacher, arrgh what should i do? 
@Rockbuddy Lol love my riding mower. Hate looking for part 
@wiredjazz Hate you 
I wanna sleep but the timing's just off. Hate these kinda days. 
Should go to bed, but had so many unsettling dreams last night I'm not looking forward to it.  Hate weird dreams. 
Hate thunderstorms  and hate that my doggies are scared.
Hate being up first in the house. I want to do things, not sit and be quiet 
Hate getting out of bed 
@Supermong Hate all of the people who get to pack first. 
@Djalfy Hate is such a strong word....   
Friends asking to join the adventure, i'm not feeling well. Hate to miss all the fun and adventure 
And by Snsherjks whatever I mean Brueggers. Hate autocorrect 
Hate packing  The last year has gone far too fast...
Hate being alone on days like today when im feeling terribly sick 
Hate it when it's late, I'm tired, and I can't sleep 
@MelissaEGilbert I am literally so white, I'm translucent!! Hate it 
Hate sitting in a cab on a saturday 
Hate goodbyes, mom going back to ireland 2morrow, both kids in tears 
@squooshfiber probably a 56 or less grade  Hate that!!!
@all2brite Hate to tell you but, it only gets worse as you get older... 
Hate theses family talks 
@marilyndavidson you had ironstar?! Hate u  I left w/o cupcakes double 
Hate having a busted car 
@natalieannem yep, all by my lonesome, with hundreds of customers waiting and abusing me. Hate work. I just wanna move overseas 
20 minutes to get ready. What are the chances I look decent? Hate being up early 
Hate being up this early on a sunday. 
Hate being sick  fucking stuffy nose and coughing.
@MyBottlesUp I'd definitely come home with wine if I was bathing suit shopping.  Hate that task. 
Hate being sickk. Sneezing my guts outttt. 
Misses alf n everyone n the simple life! Hate being home 
Hate I have to be at work right now. And of course, they have blocked streamingfaith 
@Lkudrow Hate it when that happens, especially when they start good and have a really disappointing ending 
Ugh i Hate being rushed to get around 
Hate morning class 
Hate when weekends come to an end 
have an extra lesson....too many assigment,Hate it! 
Hate feeling down 
At the airport. Hate getting up this early in the morning 
should really get to bed. got work at 7am and therefore gotta be up at crack of dawn! Hate early shifts 
Hate to see animals in distress  how can humans be so in-human??!?!
Hate mondays 
At work now. Hate having dreams of ex lovers and ex friends. Hate it more though when they're both and then I wake up sad 
Oops,I'm still working... Hate this time 
Testing out twibble. At a funeral.  Hate seeing the dead...
Hate it when your mouse goes all funny and won't move! 
Listening to all time low ugh its raining  Hate rain
Hate playing the waiting game at dealerships!!!!! 
Hate the doctors office 
Twittering at 5:00am... I think I might have insomnia or something. Hate sleepless nights 
If its not one thing its another... Hate my life   right now 
got my laptop back.  going through, and seeing what I lost, when my hard drive went tits up.    Hate that!
Hate forgetting to change the page setup before printing - makes me feel so wasteful 
I just got back from my bike ride, enjoyed it now i've got to go to the dentist...AARRRGGHHHH!!!! Hate,Hate Hate!!! 
Hate being up so early 
@conor_pope Is it sunny? I cant see out of my poor hayfever ridden eyes.... Hate the summer 
It's that time of the year again  Hate good byes...
Hate the fucking cops!!!! 
this flu is killing mee!! booo! Hate being stuck inside on a beautiful day!  whomp whomp!
@Reinhoren Hate to be a buzzkill but those people who &quot;fix&quot; credit are all crooks 
Hate it when i have to fix a stupid mistake like that 
@LKHamilton Ah yes...the perils of home ownership!  Hate it!  When we had our kitchen redone I thought I would kill myself or the workers 
Ugh mom's being a bitch and I'm getting sick. Lovely. Hate this every month. 
@IamButton Hate is no good  We need more love in the world!!!
I wish i can wear my blazer to work. But its so bloody hot! Hate the weather.  - http://tweet.sg
Hate being sick at home...i'm sooooo bored 
Hate hewy right now. 1st he attacked me when he found a chicken bone &amp; just a sec ago he went psycho &amp; bit the hell out of my hands  jerk
@colormekayleigh Hate when that happens. 
Hate to wake up so early  Going to shower become wet, naked and wet lol
Is not feeling too good today.....  Hate this cold winter flu.....  Where is that blarry nebulizer with the good stuff in it 
Hate this time of year...not sure if I hear gunshots or fireworks 
Babies getting a blood test today and I feel sick!! Hate needles but gotta be brave!!! 
Aaaaaaaaaaa! Hate it wen computers wont work! 
@Schofe  I'm diabetic &amp; I have baby needles to take my blood  for testing. Last time I cried as I had to have an adult  one. Hate them 
Hate 2 hour meetings. I want hugs 
Feels the need to skype!!! Hate using my phone 
Hate the rain 
Feels inferior all over again. Hate it! 
Hate when my free txts are gone! 
Hate going to the mall when I feel ugly. 
Hate the 140 limit, why couldn't it be 150  
is feeling fat. Hate fat!! i hope it's not a relapse  x
Hate this dam rain ruining my day 
I hate being a disappointment to people. Hate that bad feeling in the pit of my stomach 
Or it just gets taken away by someone without them even knowing. Hate it when that happens 
@mcgoverny No I left home this morning without plugging in. Hate the fact that I can't sync my iphone with work comp as well 
@dasme I'm still waiting for 2 updates and a third app to be reviewed and released.   Hate the wait.
@sinspired oh thats too bad, I haven't podcasted yet...but I really like 'em.  Hate to be excluded 
is going to school in awhile.  Hate afternoon classes!!!(((
Driving home.. Hate the rainnn 
twt.fm has no delete function! Hate sites without it. @twtfm, You should warn about it! 
Hate humidity. Can already tell that today will be miserably muggy. And it's only 6:45am! 
About to drown myself in insect repellent... Hate mosquitos 
Hate to see my best friend with a broken heart 
Hate when its so foggy that I can't see the statue of liberty on the way to work. 
@sonnyengineer  Ah dear..Two hundred and how much?!  er..For not having a problem..?Hate to know what he charges if you have one or two 
I wanna go to cobh!!  Hate this long distance crap!
Working then off to snowshoe j thought it was yesterday but I was wrong . Hate that I missed a good movie 
Hate waiting at doctors offices.  http://twitpic.com/7q5b7
Hate rainy days 
home and don't know what to do...my arm hurts and I Hate Shots 
Would you rather be heathly &amp; broke OR sick &amp; financially healthy?  I'll take healthy and broke any day. Hate being sick! 
Hate rain and my parents 
Wow i Hate my life used eardrops to fix left ear now right ear is trippin out I feel so light headed 
Hate being so sad I can't even sleep, to much on my mind. 
Stressed! Bills crap. Hate this. 
Hate it when such news arrives 
Hate my hair after hair cuts . Also I forgot to pack any shoes so I need to pop into primark to get some flips 
Hate this after gig depression business i do, i dooo. No planned gigs to look forward to  @airtrafficlive were amazing as always though!
@jagregory agreed. Hate it 
Hate going to the doctor 
My son has bad #eczema days, but we both saw another kid that had it REALLY  bad. Hate to see when kids are robbed of their fun
Hate missing trivia night tonight 
Hate doing my hair...only 1 hr till I have to be ready for work 
fed up with being single and being ignored by men on dating sites etc...it's all shite! Hate feeling lonely. All I want is a proper hug 
@wendy_munro I really miss working!  Hate not having anything 2 do! Always been studying or working!! another... 
Today Sucks...  hate being married... Hate being an adult
Daughters softball game got rain stormed out   Hate when that happens cuz I luv watching her play..Specially since they were scoring!
Hate payin bills. There goes my money. 
Movies with my boys. Missed these kids. Hate being away so long I can't see them grow up 
Haha @websurfer1232 and @MissionSixRoxur convo was funn! Hate this weather 
Hate the fact that my baby is 15 hours away.. I'm missing my honey, my bae, my sweetie pie  no air-air
Hate feeling as if I'm being ignored 
on my way to the airport of pick pps up...hope that flights not delayed! Hate getting up early! 
Hate this 
is trying to complete her 600 words chinese essay that has been dragging for three whole weeks. Hate chinese 
Its 4am pst/7am est and I'm so tired  I Hate airport security at small airports.. They are always doin the most! So bleedin dramatic.. ...
Hate waiting for cabs  - http://tweet.sg
Hate's the rain 
 Hate having no internet! I can only get it at the weekends...
@Hooded Ahh yea ill pull through eventually, christ one of my wisdoms has been coming in for 2yrs now lol  Hate toothache, hate aches lol
I'm so dumb. Hate you @mariannapss !! 
Hate giving my cats liquid oral meds. No hissing, biting, scratching, but still makes me feel like I'm waterboarding them or something. 
Hate late poco busses. I just want to go home 
@JACKIEJEWEL feel better hun. Hate to see my always happy ppl down but were human so turn that  into a  xo
@radradxx Agreed!!  Hate it soooo much! You don't even want to know what i got on the final!!  I'm dead!!
@omgitsafox Hate when that happens  I used to get blisters from flats, boots and sneakers all the time...
Does anyone have any cotton wool? I have left mine at home w clean T. Hate using tissues to clean make up off. It feels funny and wrong 
Off to work. Hate working wkends 
Hate my hair now 
Hate hayfever 
@omgadrian  whether you take my offer not. Hate seeing people all down and shit.  That's lame.
my body aches and i'm tired  painting finished, just wallpapering 2 do on the other wall now. that will have to wait now. Hate decorating
Hate sunday nights   need more time for weekends !!
Feeling rough... Hate that its the last day of my holiday 
Hate it when I wake up at 3am, then can't sleep again. 
Hate havin little squabbles wif my mom  - http://tweet.sg
falls asleep by accident. Hate that. 
not feeling well  oughhh...I dont want to take medicine again. Hate them! 
1 hr of work down..13 more to go! Hate workin when everyone else has the day off 
Hate my hair. Hate my silliness. 
Hate all the rain and thunders...and it will be like this whole week  blah
Hate sundays. Really want some new things for my room - if only I could use ebay. 
Hate how boring mondays are! 
UGH!!!  I'm massively bored today.  Hate work and didn't win the jackpot this weekend---a bad combo!  
Hate that girl who put the kitten into an oven 
@EmmzGx Hate to say it he would have switched that of the moment he came in, much to my upset 
@DorsalPhin ouch. That's so wrong and such a hassle to fix. Hate it when that happens 
Hate when I think I'm late for work and get here and the one with the keys isn't actually here yet  and she's ALWAYS early :S
Hate the weather.. feels like a desert here in singapore 
Hitting the sack! Yes I can finally sleep. Hate being in a state of nostalgia........ 
Hate my life now without my maid  mina come back!  - http://tweet.sg
urgh 2oclock and i've done fuck all. Hate days like todaaaayyy D: 
@BrianNippon do you have those Hate demos? myspace blocked the links 
@LizS4ra Hate it when that happens  Could you give her another name?
Nothing to do but watch tennis! Hate warm days 
Hate to bottle up feelings  I feel so lousy right now. How I wish minuteman exists! 
Just spent about an hour eating an apple. Hate feeling ill 
Hate how someone else took my nick 
Hate the red sox...but celtics let's get ittttt! 
@devonromeo biking without me??! Hate it 
Hate them or not gotta get them done  replying to emails n payment cancellations
@rachelbeer me too. Hate sentences that begin 'You should' 
@mrskutcher Hate to say it, but even if i had the money, i would'nt spend it on shoes, well maybe, if they made me fly. 
 Hate this song  ? http://blip.fm/~5jg6f
@sensualbodyrubs Hope you get your car today   Hate anything that stops me from my work ;)
@picsiechick I haven't ridden on dirt for a year. Hate single track, can handle double track, slow. 
@Hate1990 LOL that's a bit freaky.   How was your weekend dude?
@mchl lmao I love that skit. Hate mom jeans though. 
@TalkingWithTami hey pajama birthday mama!    Hate I'm gonna miss that one.  Thanks for that follow referral.
Total fail on dinner just now. Hate when that happens! At least the side dish was good 
@light_bikes bahaha!!!  Hate them!
@jimmycarr http://twitpic.com/5opwl - That explains it yesterdays question  Hate working nights .... nice view btw,
