Most common words for this cluster:
[('have', 1789), ('day', 291), ('fun', 220), ('time', 136), ('today', 135), ('i', 113), ('tomorrow', 92), ('night', 90), ('amp', 87), ('work', 84), ('weekend', 80), ('http', 67)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Have', 0.936363935470581), (u'Has', 0.7308263182640076), (u'Got', 0.6639067530632019), (u'DrSugar', 0.6520218253135681), (u'read_Mobitopia', 0.6460567712783813), (u'Pause.', 0.6280565857887268), (u'Isn_t', 0.6222149729728699), (u'Hate_Them', 0.6216214299201965), (u'Never', 0.6198845505714417), (u'Couldnt', 0.618517279624939)]





@Warlach Curse ye!! Have fun at it. I miss doing online PR for Paramount Pics 
Sooooooo busy right now. Have a lot of custom orders to catch up on! Haven't blogged since the 31st.  There aren't enough hrs in a day! ;)
@Amelia_Torode Have fun shopping ... but bear in mind the horrible forex truth  http://bit.ly/kHBN  
Have to update my picture cos I look old and fat.  Oh I am old and fat  playing badminton is not working on weight 
@NYBabe Oh balls,  I forgot all about your article in the mail yesterday!  Have you got a link to it or an electronic copy?
Have so much to do today: hand in coursework, pack and tidy (and this is the wost work) and then my shift at work from seven. Shattering 
@Majestic76 hour just to check if Jon had twittered. Have a major headache fr such disruptive sleep pattern. 
@tiffanymarie_x3 Haven't been to bed yet.  The perks of unemployment  And yes, apparently your TwitterBerry updates DO come through.
Haven't twittered for days! Cat was sick and to the vet, now my four year old is sick with a bronchial infection and fever 
Feeling really unspeakably bummed out today. Have absolutely no idea why, which is bumming me out even more.  Bah.
More torture from that weather, uhg. I wish there was a cure for Migraines. Have little hope of growing out of it since mom suffers too 
Gots to go now Twitters, Have an MRI scan at 5.30pm  I HATE MRI's.
Sleepy from dinner at the governor's mansion! Have to study for org 2 test 
Going to sleep-migraine  but The Rez was great! Have fun all you Rez Twitterers! Drive home safe!
@OlivialuvzChris I Have To Study  Exams Are In 4 Days 
Just saw the pilot for Caprica. It was excellent. Have to wait ages for show to start next year 
@songkat Kat!  Have a good vacation.  Personally, 1st year on a new job=zero vacation days.    hide the damn alarm clock tomorrow!
@willcarling Have Gloucester actually turned up or if this a pub team? 
Games have been moved. 3 hour delay. Grrr. Have to wait till like 1:30 to play. Instead of 10:30 
@skimud Sorry   Upside: weather says snow all day today in Georgetown CO, but clear about 6AM tomorrow &amp; then partly cloudy.Have good day!
@ChristineTonkin @yogagrl3 Dark Horse reminded me of my fave cafe in Sydney (Bill's). Have confrmd tho that can no longer drink coffee 
I do think Vegas is out for me. Have a virus &amp; my sinuses are an issue 
Have to wait two weeks for my cord  thankfully I had a great experience with Apple support. Thanks, ladies!
Ugggh ;___; Have to go cut the grass then write an English paper I forgot about. So much for Platinum today 
Hurt my ankle. Have to answer phones 
Have 100 followers. W00t!           Probably all SEO spammers, though. Bah 
@ErinEven Oh I understand, it's happened to me and I never forgot it. I can tell you stories about OOBE's. Haven't had one for a while. 
@jhodgin I wish I could be at GMA this year, it's a fun time. But I couldn't get off work  Have fun!
@jameswedmore Delays &amp; circling Houston for 1 1/2 hrs and I didn't make it  Met some others here at the Marriott who missed too. Have fun!
Walking around Asian Garden Mall... Haven't been here in ages! Last time I bought some trance/techno cds 
is back in Chch, oh yea!! Now to find a new flat  Have to move out, flatties moving in with boyfriend so I have to go ...... 
@heather_a_11 You never told me you were going away so soon...  Have fun though!
@dickiemaxx - Sorry your day ended up sucking. Have one for me. 
Ok so I am going to try to go to bed.. Have to be up at 8:30 for work 
Wonderful sunny day  Have to learn today :-/ al day long 
Have anybody a link from the GLAAD Media Award yesterday, where I can see a video??It isn't on youtube 
Is taking a while to recover from last night's party at The Crypt on Holborn. Have missed my usual brunch outside Cecconi's. 
Enjoyed last night. Have mega loads of work to do today 
Grr.  Have friend who is determined to massage me today (trade, he owes me). But he talks A LOT, bless'im.  Not in the mood, blehhh...  
Is back! But not unpacked from Spring Harvest. Haven't got the energy, and it's college tomorrow! 
@Mollieandme haha Did you Have  Nice Easter mr.evans..? its soo nice outside and im in the house somthing Not right here 
@MissBeckala sorry I missed Miss Em's Sunday show!!  Tell her I will catch the next one. Have fun at movie! I LOVE the EM! ;-))
@EvilNanny Finished painting now (run out of paint)! Have managed to annoy Em as well 
Have tidied the kitchen, now sorting out the back2work stuff. Hair regulation army cut, now shining my shoes and soon to iron the shirt. 
@cookrn mmmmm Ryan. Haven't seen you forever! 
Caught the train with 1min to spare. Bloody schoolkids making my bus late! Haven't even had time to buy coffee! 
Have a good day everyone, make the most of the sun and think of me stuck in the office   Tweet ya laters xx
@Schofe Frightening hair indeed! Have you any pics from 2002-3 Test the Nation? With me in them? Have none. 
School again.  Haven't finished my lab though... FML
@digitaldrivel Re: lunch today. interested:yes. available: no.   Have fun without me and I'll try and catch ya next time.
Home from Hawaii, Jax &amp; I are sick   Have tons of laundry &amp; cleaning to do  What fun
Gonna go to the gym...  Have to do something about the little beer gut. Was it worth it? No, drank a bunch of shitty beer...
Omg I Have A Cooking Exam 2morrow 
I'm @ the libary again. But I'm not very motivated. Has anybody a reason fo me to keep on working...I'm a bit exhausted 
Sad about Stevie. Haven't brought my iPod either 
It is 1:18am and I am sleepy! Have to get up for school in the morning  So goodnight to all! Until tomorrow!
Have put my etsy shop into Vacation mode... work &amp; life are taking up all of my time 
Have no friends.  Hulk.
Finally home. Computer hooked up. Have to teach yoga and then head to the office in 6 hours.      (But a nice night!)
Off to work.... Have to be in Stratford by 7am 
Have I timed picking up Thai with the start of NCIS perfectly? Yes, the answer is yes - I was so excited I left my umbrella in the shop 
Lol, Have to play a Prince song for School.  Very sloow and boring, but too easy too. *Sigh*
Shit. Airport is busy. Have a feeling this is going to be a terrible day 
@ANDIbrown_ oh my gosh!  Saw that today and cried so much! Haven't cried that much in a movie before 
Must. Have. Water. Ow, ow, ow! V bad hangover 
@Andy_Bloch  Have a good flight! xox
Wishin' I was with you Air  I miss you over here! Have fuuuuuun.
Yikes, supposed to bring couple of dishes to family event in Toronto - 3 hrs to shop &amp; cook. Haven't even figured out what I'm doing yet 
Thanks for all the followfridays! Worked late, never got a chance to twitter. Have to go to work today 
Have a real craving to swing by Halfords and pick up a new rear wiper. But I&quot;ll lose my parking space 
@jordanknight Well, I'm happy for Tatiana, but sad that it was not me   I just hope that you did read my e-mail.  Have fun!  lots of love
Everybodys at the March of Dimes 5k this morn except me!!   Im stuck working.... Have fun guys!
@joshdivision I really really want to go to Okkervil River and I have no money  Have fun!
@mellowjohnnys   Hey MJ's sorry to say but I don't think Guy will finish with the group.    Have to say 87th place and time 1:45
@PeteWentz @GabrielSaporta Have a great time today at #bamboozle Wish I could be there  The Pier was awesome last night.
@SherriEShepherd uh oh. Have you gone the way of Ashton and demi? Retweeting personal convos that nobody else needs to see?? 
is very, very affected... Has regrets with the lost opportunity.  http://plurk.com/p/rhh7b
I swear someone has moved Huntsville.  Must. Have. Sleep.
Goodnight everyone! Have good sleeps!  School tomorrow... AGAIN! 
I'm just having my morning frappe. Have to work tonight  Well I guess I'll be fine.
Havin a lazy day in front of QVC but not buying, my card is broked!!   Have changed the linen &amp; now trying to summon energy to hoover up.
Have a Nature / chemist test tomorrow about plastic!  
Eating Quorn watching The Hills. Haven't driven yet today 
Have to go to Donegal today..eugh..for one pointless night! 
Have been MIA due to an accident involving me, my face and the pavement. Booooo 
Have a headache..brain doesnt like me. Had the 'mother' lecture last night..always fun to be told ur wasting your life..  I need a HUG. 
Have to get ready for work in a bit..  Booooo
@tommcfly Your life seems really sweet. Have good times on tour bus? Well coz of time difference I'm bout to sleep when your up and about 
@dannywood My mum's b/day today, shall give her a call later. Otherwise stuck inside studying on a nice bank holiday  Have a good day xxx
@mickael Is tweet.im gtalk down? Has been offline here in all my clients since 1st of may 
Have to wear Evans clothes for work. But they're too big... 
@myrewyn Poor baby  Was Isabelle not very welcoming at first? Have you thought about a name yet?
Haven't shaved since razorgeist the other night. Face itchy. Gonna have to go get a new razor 
I am so tired I don't think I will make it to Masterpiece Theater. Have to sub in the am.... 
@thebrockoli ANTM and cake! Sounds a-maze-ing. Have to save it for next week then  Do you know if you can make it Sat night?
@AmyleeEdith Hope your enjoying L.A. Have a Starbucks or 2 for me while your there. Missing your almost-famous self. Come home soon  LY!
@abhoopathy Expediter was the only available position  Have you taken the exams?
Wants to go to bed. But Has homework. 
@keyrover Write until there are blisters on your fingers.  Write enough for the both of us...Haven't written in weeks... 
Haven't felt this sick in a long time. Nausea fatigue body aches runny nose. I feel very very bad &amp; can't get better. 
@aircraftloves72 NO! We're still driving home! Haven't even passed Bakersfield yet. I do hope he's ok though 
Morning 9 of 13  who needs it? Roll on friday! Have a good week all  mornin james n nath x
@susielin oh man! What a BBQ I'm missing!  miss you babe! Have fun n @bubabox @kaimanapine @bonjiri
Have gotten way behind on sleep this weekend. Won't be catching up tonight as the alarm goes off in 4 hours. 
Insomnia  how can that be? Have to stop mulling over things and filling my mind with needless worries.
Have to get up at 6:15 tomorrow for practise training   Been watching SG-A today, but went for long drive around the coast, was calming.
@kiwinerd Sorry to hear you are getting bugged by needy folks who want but don't wanna give.  Have you settled in back home yet r u ok?
Have been thinking of a way to stop software pirating. I found a way. Then i thought naaah, someone must have thought of it before me. 
@dannykurily aww poor danny!  @AlexAllTimeLow must feel really bad. I hope you feel better. Has it gotten any better?
@timminchin Sad to hear you're leaving but guess we aren't allowed to keep you forever  Have a good flight!
Really cold today. Have jumper and heating on. Bloomin bank holiday weather 
Just discovered Something Serious hasn't been listed. Have fears our second birthday isn't going to go to plan 
Have made it home...but I wanna go back to Darwin! 
Ok, I have to go to work.  Have to get there early to lock myself in a little room to get my paper work from last week done.  
@invisiblesparks let's do tomorrow. I'll pick you up. Have a favorite udon place? I wish there was decent dim sum places in SD. 
Today is our 1 month. Baby, if you're reading this, I love you. Have fun staying at home and sleeping all day. 
Relaxing. Sold nearly 2000 dollars worth of perfume today! Have to work 12:15 to 7:15 tomorrow. 
Ugh goodbye home sweet home. Have to go back to Longmont now. 
@kindlejunkie And the mouse died while I was trying to send you Chapter 2. Sorry. Have to wait until later! 
Worked nearly 8 hours and I'm dead tired ugh  Have to do it again tomorrow
Have they always named fires?  Seems fires in California are beginning to become a regular occurance these days 
Ommg  this is so sad!! Has anyone else watched this?
Have to leave home soon. I would rather stay here than getting back to berlin and keep on writing my BA.  Life s so hard! Boohoo
Ready for Baby Jack's 1st birthday party. Have promised not to get too drunk!! 
Have to complete another bureacratic form  Well I will ask if it's really necessary since I don't see any advantage for Shareforce
Paint, paint and more paint. I'm whipped! Haven't touched wire or beads in a LONG time. So very sad and tired. 
Going to sleep.  Have to take Tank to the vet before work today. 
@rynsk Xanax only made me more anxious.  I ended up taking an allergy pill. They work better.  Have A great gig, wish I was there.
@jenrose28 Not all of Wilmington   Have fun though!
@And_OKeefe. :O Has one less follower 
Hmmm. Have been unfollowed and blocked by a previous mutual follower / followee. Baffled as wouldn't like to think I have offended 
Have to do like the entire final draft of my History paper.... lame 
@jeweljk  The Roxy...I wish!!!!!       Have fun!  
@talldan  Jealous. Haven't eaten anything today. Eat something disgusting and fatty for me?
Cry almost everyday &amp; barely eat. Hasn't been this bad in a long time.  I need a change. 
Haven't has anything to eat yet today. Fucking starving. Where is everyone 
I swear to god I have the mood swings of a pregnant woman. Ever have a mood where you just wanna sleep and like, not wakeup?  &lt;|3
@thatchickleelee I love Nutella. Haven't had it in a while though. 
Hey friends going to #LSOW I regret to say I can't come.  Have to let the wave pass me by this time.  Sad, but time home is precious 
Long day!! Sigh  off to bed .. Have swim early in the morning!! Gnite twitter bugs!!
UGH, RIP Have Heart 
Have Heart is breaking up  http://tiny.cc/lBf6V
Have a final exam 2day and didn't get much sleep!p.  Stupid thunderstorms!!
Have Heart is breaking up. Second sadest day next to Verse breaking up 
Urgh! Have been doing a little weeding out of bott followers. Didn't realise there were so many!! Internet being very slow doesn't help 
@chichul I KNOW, RIGHT? Strange.  Come visit me. Have fun with Smachie this weekend.
Drove the van in today  boo. Have a lunch hour appointment I need to drive to. Realized riding in rain provides for a dry day in office..
@greekpeace running out the door...looovveee loovvee loovvee you!  Have such fun!   Kiss DEW for me 
@kristinekopelke Don't ask me...  My Flash confidence is low at the mo.. Haven't programmed enough since out of classroom.  
I'm so devastated about Have Heart splitting up I have to twitter.  Fuck my life.  
@molliesmummy No  Phones are fixed  Have you made your phonecall?
Have a look at what the http://www.meonvillas.co.uk homepage should look like: http://tr.im/lkzx. Also, completely broken in Safari. 
@jim_herd Hmmm... amputation isn't an option... snds dubious to me  As long as they are working. Have to say I am glad I don't hv probs.
Bored of reading! Would like a USB port in my head to upload. Have tried shoving my memory stick up my nose but it doesn't seem to work 
Have Heart is breaking up wtf 
@DonnieWahlberg You know what? I am the chick on your shirt, they took my sillouette. Have fun on the cruise. I am sorry I am missing it! 
@Nekkobus Hot off the Pre...I've got nothing. 
@sundog just saw Benjamin Button. Excruciatingly great movie. Have not seen the Underworld films - wifey is not into them 
@LexiSterlingTN LMAO!! I would love to see you! I will see if I can make it out 2morrow. Have bad allergies right now 
Resume rewritten and saved.. now to work on the rest of my portfolio. Have I mentioned how much I hate job searching 
@GMmellymel Maz went-I'm stuck  Bruchetta,  a Coke and &quot;Laws of Attraction&quot; is how my night is looking. Have fun!!!!!
A classmate from MBA will be getting married today.. Have to shave before going there 
@kirkkittell you're feeds aren't complete on Reader i.e. I can see only part of ur post there. Have to click read more for the rest. 
@CarlyByron Have you used PlayTV? What do you think of it? We don't have it here in the states   --TopaZ
@miss_hazy wooo!! Vegas... Have fun. Wish I could go. 
@ThisIsRoTV Thanks. It's actually been since Xmas Eve.  It's pretty depressing &amp; terrible. Haven't been able to go to work or anything.
@R33S aw oh well i am not going either  Have u seen this interview with Lady gaga on the ellen show? http://tiny.cc/hZTaL so random :S
Watchin the footy replay with dad. Port betta win. Work was boring. Have 2 do homework all day 2morra. Nooooo 
What is up with Vimeo? Has anyone else noticed major lag on the feedback of videos posted there? It used to be great! 
What is up with Vimeo? Has anyone else noticed major lag on the playback of videos posted there? It used to be great! 
@Panda1984 woo hoo! Have discovered im a bit sad.nobody watches eurovision any more! 
@EMHDesign which is what would make a mugshot that much more amazing! Have fun in Florida! Really no twitter for a week?! 
@gembemjellybean hehe I'm not sure the kids'd really see me as a Cap'n Gemma...  Have fun in town!
is soooo tired, why can't I ever sleep before 5am!!!! Grrrr.. Have no time to be tired today 
Morning in Billings, getting ready to start Day 5. Have to make Minneapolis by tonight. Google Maps says 12 hours 
@karloh I was gonna say I'd take Gareth's +1 if you were listed, Bummer  Have a good night though babe!
Hello Tweets, hope you are all having fun? ;-} Weather dull,more rain! Have to go out anyway.   Laters...
@psychicmedium HI, I was going to take your poll but it didn't show up quite right for me  Have a great day!
Have TV on in the background while I get some writing done. Some holiday thing about Turkey is on too... I really want to go on holiday 
@urbanfabricfm Did you end up getting it all downloaded? &amp; what do you think?Server fail for me 1/2   Haven't had a chance to listen yet.
Sill no luck with jobs  I hate not knowing my future. Have a busy week ahead
Have you ever left the Bay Area at midnight with a 16 foot truck filled with art? I have 
Have a VERY bad tummy  the pain! 
I somehow lost my cell phone in between TJs in the Udist and my house. Have you seen it? 
@jamesnaylor Lucky get - I've not been allowed to play with mine this weekend  Have to upgrade the RAM too - a scary lid off job!
@wilsondan sorry to keep you waiting....   Have you got a pressure cooker by any chance?  That is best way. Otherwise I am emailing.
- Refrigerator went out  Have the kids carrying bags of food 2 the neighbor's house. Hoping these 3 gallons of milk aren't already bad!
Have only gotten like 2 subs since yesterday  What am I doing wrong? Ready for my &quot;big break&quot;!
Arrived in Seattle for Microsoft visit tomorrow. Have to wait for JimM until about 9:40.  
Ready for bed, about to lay down, hoping for sleep tonight. Haven't been so successful last few nights. 
Have been in Summer mode this weekend. It's not really a good thing right now 
@Austin_Irl  Have a safe trip anyways...
Morning Guys. Just done Homework last minute! School today. About to get ready! Abit late though  I'll be off. Have a nice day everyone!
@GrumpyOwl Blimey! Have a beer for me being as I have forgotten what alcohol tastes like 
sad my PSP cannot mod  Have to wait a few months to be modded
Have scary gym induction later - where I'll find out how fat and unfit I really am  Oh and the cat was sick on the remote control at 5am.
Have contacted The Rev with regard to the missing advertising this weekend 
And no ... I'm not jealous .. Have you seen the person in question ? Yuk! 
Have a pain in my shoulder that i cant get rid of. Guess this means i have to start  sleeping on my back again 
@emotionalpedant I'll see SOME scary ones. Just not ones like The Hills Have Eyes, Saw, etc. I can't handle the gratuitous violence. 
@FaithOfAChild Have u seen the last PB episodes? I have seen up to episode 21. It's kinda sad. It was the first show I was really into. 
Have you ever used.. Garnier whitening cream? I'm so random I'm sorry  )
presentation went good! Heading home now. Have to clean my room 
Have you guys been on the AI forums lately?  Just not the same... 
@Edu4U    Have you tried uninstalling Air and letting the tweetdeck download install it automatically? Just a thought.
@katecottam Yeah but I cant be back too late. Have to be at work at 8.15 
Wish I could say good morning...Woke up sick and still came to work!  Boo! Have a good day everyone!
Most. Painful. Haircut. Ever... 
Have to get up in 5 1/2 hours  night all... Zzzz....zzz..
@oc_tgirl oooh, I &lt;3 Vegas. Have fun!!!  I wish I was going soon. 
@FoOie Have you watch Terminator Salvation? Is it as bad as what the review says? It's not open in the UK until next week, sucky 
@feebsquared Ohh I wanna come to that but I have to werk  Have an ace time
Off to my stressy job! So unhappy at the moment   Anybody want to employ a 37 yr old able lady?? Have cv ready.
Bugger, my phone died last night. Haven't yet been able to ressurect it. Will not be receiving texts/phonecalls until further notice 
two hours now spent waiting for the Bosch service person...Only two hours left  Have geeked, cleaned, laundried, shaved, played...
About 30 minutes left at work. Happy b-day dad! Have to come in at 1900 instead of usual 2100.  ~88~
@missyjule Have busy day...first meetings, then GP. Have a bad ear infection, very sore   And then a birthday later. Enjoy ur day off!! xx
Have broken my mobile. Dropped on floor. Now in 2 pieces but despite trying my body's electricity will not connect screen to keypad  ;( ;(
Have the urge to make a batch of homebrew. Alas, my kit is locked away, alone, in the dark in a Queensland storage facility. 
Have to go home in awhile. Goodbye, internet.  I will miss you.
@Mark_H_Swansea Have a good one! I have to write my Panlibus bit over the weekend 
@NBkorey I tried to get tickets to ND/Paramore but they sold out in about 10 minutes.    Have fun!
Couldn't get the #Surface SP1 installed before unit was picked up. Have to do that app in 1/2 day now in v1.0. Going over the edge here 
Awake. Have to do my math hw before 7:30  or I'm screwed!
Just got back from Drs.  Have kidney infection and antibiotics... looks like I won't be drinking and free holiday cocktails now then 
Disappointed to find the Arse blog is nothing to with bottoms but is about football   Have I found a 'gap' in the market.....?
14 hours until i see Adam again. Haven't seen him all week 
@CheshireSwift Hey my laptops a Dell :-p Have to say dell are one of the better builders but still R.I.P Alienware 
@RobertKazinsky Have a great time, wish I could be there  Heard its a Wild West theme, are you dressing up?!?!
Have cycled all over Aylesbury this morning so refueling with crumpets. Evie watching Barbie Thumberlina 
Washing dishes by hand this morning since dishwasher is leaking. Have to wait until Wed. for repairs 
Losing track of days! Slight complication w/my csection plus blood pressure skyrocketed since delivery.. Have to see doc on a daily basis 
@my_sundown I wanna go to Starbucks too, I love their icecream. We don't have them in Norway.   Have fun! 
I don't feel very proactive today.  Ever heard of weekend blues?
@MadJulia Haven't told you Kim that I couldn't come online because of my mom? She's been a little bit angry about me. I'm so sorry! 
@haykuro Exchange is still busted.   Has anyone gotten you log files yet?  I can this evening if no one has.
Limited tweeting today    Have to go to work early and go to uncle's funeral. Hopefully the last for a looooong time.
@Pink Have a good show cant wait for you to come to Melb so upset though I missed out getting a ticket even though I waited in line 7hrs 
Have just strapped up my legs with tubigrip. Stupid joint pain 
wants to see Have Heart live again and again 
is bored at home because she is SICK! Has stuffy nose, and has super sore throat and a really bad cough. sad! 
Haven't been feeling well for days now.  Sore throat, ear ache and head ache. Not really ill, still functioning, but still... unpleasant!
@janole Yes, low res.  DDR3 laptop mem is a bit $$$.  No problems so far and it's been dropped once.  Haven't tried the displayport either
@missmaisie Nope, none of them, sorry  Have you got the plane or the train?
@elizabethmis Of course!!! LOL! Haven't talked to you on Facebook in a while though  
oh and I want a season 3 of Junjou Romantica. Haven't heard news about it, but is there any? 
@SelGomezTeam I Love Selena Iam Happy You Make A Site About Her I Have One And It Got Detele 
I'm blown I missed the game.. I am not feeling good tonight  but I hear the Magic pulled it out in the end..WOW! Have a blessed rest,Nite!
@jordanknight prob 75%. Ive only been to 1. Planned on 2 this summer but travel plans fell thru 
Hardee har har... Have to wear a costume for the dance recital I can't even join 
@dabuzzmedia Ditto.  Have an early morning, too.
Have to scan some pages and mail it.. Looking for a cyber cafe with scanner.. Can't find any 
Cool &amp; rainy here.  Hopefully we have some sunshine tomorrow. Haven't seen the sun in a few days.   
Have to go to the dreaded DMV tomorrow  
Found my book. Starting a real paper-bound journal tonight. Have an annoying zit above my lip. Makes me look like I have herpes 
Have decided I just can't stand @GuyKawasaki's Alltop spam any longer. 
Have to sell my car. It's costing me too much. Can now afford one rollerskate. Bye bye petey 
Is anyone's #visialvoicemail working. Have done the sync. Turned off &amp; on. But still not going  Help?
Nooo! I'm ill  Must Have Paracetamol! Nice weather today, though.
@gleeding Need a tickettttt  Gah. Ya you've got me on there, reason346.. Haven't listened to dear Elliott for a few weeks...overdue..
@Iam04 tea...  Mmmm crispy but no cake  Have headphones!
Yay !!!! It's firday.... Have a good one everyone. On my way to work,    Lot's of work pending.
Omega is tomorrow. Haven't really planned anything for it. Make sure to come if you can. It'll be awesome. Then move-in June 1st. 
@JonathanRKnight   Delays/cancellations really bite. Have had my fair share and can sympathize. Hang tough!
@idlemichael I will watch that at some point. Have it on hd but Stace also wants to see it in hd so waiting 
Have $#@&amp;!!! Malware on my work PC!  I miss having an IT dept 
sitting thinking how warm it is and wishing it wasnt so! Has so many things to sort out its driving me bonkers 
Have hardly worked out in the last two weeks but am losing weight.  Fear I'm losing muscle!!  Just made doc. appt. for injured foot 
@MareBear2534 I know dude, i'm doing re-runs, making Jenny watch them now too so we can have conversations LOL.  Haven't been online much 
@MyNC I was wondering....   Have a GREAT weekend!
@wmdev Every time I succeed with a code, I get &quot;We're Sorry. Your Credit Card Has Been Declined at this time.&quot; 
@scavengerlor LoL Clever I'm Extremely Jealous Of The Amount Of Followers You Have  I Only Have 24
Woohoo! Procrastinating doing any work by going out to lunch! Have to wait for my sister now though  dang it
Have @ Irma Vep rehearsals. No...not really.  
Goodbye sex in the city  let me hurry and give mi cuz that paper work @lailashah !!! Have 2 have summer in BK !!!
@DerrenLitten  ITV plugging the Special a lot. Have a great night all of you, will miss your tweets when you come back home 
I miss @BillieSyadrie I'm sorry for being able to call you when u already sleep  I love you,Have a great trip tomorrow! Send my ? to them!
@AYoungOne Yep that one works. I LOVE Potbelly but I can't get it in AZ  Have to wait for my Chi-town trips @PotbellySdchWks
I did the dishes and I'm now on a train to Newcastle. Have to leave #nontweetinggirlfriend behind for 2 weeks, which is always a bit sad 
Hm. Have you ever realized how incredibly over-rated Tokio Hotel is becoming? It makes me sad. 
@pimpstyleo Yeah prbly pickin up songs for SingStar. Haven't checked the last few store updates. And dunno that Cranberries song. 
@stephenfry Tinkered with open-source Virtualbox &amp;Win7 yet? Would've loved to have seen you @ Hay. Always unfortunate timing for students 
@BeachBabe4Ever genevaaa! my picture isnt showing up  i dont think im doing it right
@Lint1 No  Have you? And what's your favorite RHCP song?
Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move 
A long and stressful day coming up tomorrow. Have to write responses to EOI; doing a colleagues job 
@arikhanson Shoot! I voted and somehow looked over yours ... boo hiss. Forgive me   Have a great weekend Arik.
@TomFelton Have you seen this girl!? http://bit.ly/14LVI    I feel so bad for her 
@GracieAlbernaz I know told you, and it tells you last tweets and all.  Just can't get it to play music.  Have it set, but it won't play 
Have a fantastic opening flower drummers!! From the ALL Asian cast and crew 
Have a HUGE headache... don't have asprin here at work. 
 Hubby went to pick up  my Fringe comics today @ store by his work. THAT store was out of business too. No comix in Houston. Have 2 Web.
Soooo bummed I'm missing the blockparty again! Haven't been able to get the app to listen on my iPhone!! 
Ok, back to packing. Have been sitting in car charging phone as charger was left @ home as well 
@LadyRedCrest @miss_hazy  Have safe trips! And Indy is my home 
@dkmashino couple days?! Sheeeeit. Wish I were there. Have something at Cafe Claude for me. 
@stella84 can't complain. Worked then relaxed. Watching game now. Have to be at work tomorrow 8am 
Making phone calls I don't want to make... Have to work at 9. Say some prayers it will probably be a week. 
@dannywood NOOOOO! didn't even get my chance 2 c u  Have a safe trip home &lt;3 miss ya already. Can't wait till u Full Service me!
@sarahrequiem it's cool at parents they're making me potato cakes! Awesome! Have to do assignment at some point 
@RutledgeWood Grrrrr! I can't watch, no cable tv  that's why I'm here waiting for updates and details.LOl I want my cable back! Have fun!
@Evil_Sam lucky! Have fun. I am still working on my budget  I am trying to make sure that I have enough saved first.  sorry i am so slow
going to bed!! Have to get up and take David to washington! BLAH!! So not happy! 
@kybabe1001-I am so jealous. I wanna be in bead with @eviemarie0493. Threesome sometime soon? Y/Y? Have fun while I watch VH1 all alone. 
Haven't been twitting for a while been really busy wit work....gotta make that money, too bad Maria hates me 
@sunburndiary Haven't you heard? Coffee-i is now closed.  Stalls nalang sila ngayon. We need to catch up, seriously!
One tweet today. Have bad headache  Awesome seeing Kevin. Had a great night. Things are good for now. Time for sleep. Bye.
@daLoved1 Awww      Would've been fun!
Tried to see Up.  Alas it was sold out!     Have to plan these things out better.  will see tomorrow.
@GatorCarrie Sorry to here about the Internet    Have fun at work ...
Busy day. Time for  bed. Have to work early in the morning. Sheesh, and I thought this was the weekend. 
in Fort Worth, TX...just moved DeAnna into her apartment and had visited the seminary.  Have to say goodbye in the morning 
@AnnelieSch26 lol that does sound better and beautiful lol  Well I am off to bed now. 5am workout  Have a good night and I shall ttyl tm
@mileycyrus CANNOT star in the remake of Girls Just Want to Have Fun. I will simply die! #favoritemovie 
@DennisPedrie Thanks for the note. It should be a great series, I'm saying Pens in 6. Haven't been able to find affordable tickets 
Have turned into a grown up  (Not before time you might think given my great age). Looked at weather - and went to find things to wash!!
Very sad that my back is preventing me from going to the #DunedinTweetup tonight  especially since I organized it. Have fun tweeps!
Have got sun burn on my neck and shoulder  I DID use cream! F50! Must've got me just before I put it on.
@perideaudesigns so sorry I'll miss the morning with Kendall  Have a good one.
Woken to peaceful sounds in caravan! Chill this morning. Have to do some work later though 
Have also been given the task of trying to find Ollie's ipod Touch...which is why im on here procrastinating as much as possible 
@razitul Yeah, next time I'm gonna see her is Jan2010!  But with the technology nowadays, everything will be alright.  Have fun later.
@RoseWired Have fun...I am having lunch with Tomm 
How did I manage to miss hearing that Have Heart split up? 
@ceekaigax Heey! I wish I was going to Glasgow today! Ive only got the last 2 newcastles left now.  Have a wicked time!
Off to Niagara for the day to do some gardening at Nonna's. Have to buy a new lawn mower since we forgot to check the oil level- oops 
I'm going to bed... finally. Have six days to make my Arabic decent again. I'll probably vanish for a while 
I'm exhausted  Hoping that my injury is healed quickly. Have a nice night everybody.
Going to a pre-stocktake sale for VIP's where I will get my MacBook. Haven't been tweeting much, no laptop  I will attempted to soon ;)
@Bambi_2790 Have a look at my following list, there's some cool people like tom felton and stephen fry!! oooh!! awesome! yep still am  ...
Last two days to MBA and oh so much writing to do.  Have to go to Habitat to give donations
@hongkongwong Sorry to hear about the clinic...   Have my own stressful week as well...
@CinWomenBlogger Unexpected visitor at our house this morning - I can't make it to the meeting.    Have fun and I'll catch the next one.
@wirbelwind1111 I think they are too ashamed to bring it up. Have you heard Julian is actually professional? http://is.gd/JTcW Fake show 
Tried printing sheets at work. Ink almost gone.  Have to take the laptop to game after all.  I hate it when it cuts off the side. 
@valeriesteinier unfortunately we have a packed day  we are going to the #dentc next Tues. Have fun! Would love to ck out Hi*Rise soon
@olympiahoops Goodmorning O! You know I'm going to miss you tonight!  Have a great day w/ur family,fiance,and friends. I'm so EXCITED!
@MrPaparazzi Has to be Stavros Flately!!!!! lol but i think susan boyle will win it cos of allt he hype 
Have just seen the fittest guy ever ever ever in peace gardens, I was acually heartbroken when he walked away  Corp stalking time!
@NightClub937 Have fun with Brett! Drink a drink for me, i'm on my way to work 
Have no clue what to wear tonight. Going out in a hour and have nothing to wear and not done my hair or my makeup 
@Jeremih augusta georgia woop woop woop woop dats where I live yay!!!!!!!!!!! Have fun at the mayfest I gotta work. 
Haven't tweeted in a while! Sorry! 
@x_Superstar_x  Have you given up on Skype so soon?  lol
Hey...I lack in your cool person editon list...    LOL. Have a great day! Te quiero mucho...Besos ???
@tommcfly Wooow! I'm in Rio and I both wanted to be there with you!  Have a wonderful show! Brazilian Kisses!
@zeroshift Awhh yay!  That's exciting! Have fun and tell Sammy I said hi! I miss your family.  Anyway, let me know how the movie it. &lt;3!
Have to spoil the fun though  Now I heard the rumor (still a rumor for me) first hand that Jensen will be moving out ;( #asylm
Have been watching Anderson the whole day.. I need a break 
@NathanFillion Waaah, can't come to Milton Keynes...gutted  Have fun!
Sitting here watching all the BOB strollers come by makes me miss my son. Have not seen him in 36 hours. 
Ate something that's got me super sick! Haven't felt that in a while... I suspect bad salsa at #costa vida 
@khatruman To be fair, I haven't done a Rita's run, either. Falling asleep here. Have to go to sleep now. 
Have to go  Goodbye
Wishes I can go to the FP Party!!  stuck at work. Have fun guys.
Twitter homepage is really funny still. Have no idea what's going on. Makes it very hard to use. 
Soooo damn hungry.   Feed me.   Haven't eaten all day 
Made it to the studio, but could not work on my metalsmithing designs because there was a class going on! Have to wait till next weekend 
Have to miss The Shack study in the morning &amp; may even have to miss church. 
@RealTalibKweli: Always sad when I miss a chance to see u live!  Have a kick ass show &amp; see u in DC! :-D
@Meryl333 Haven't heard from you forever!   So glad to hear from you now, though!  How are you?!
@Sakai123 Have you already forgotten all the good times we had snorting lines off hookers' naked bodies? 
home from #ICTEV09 great time-lots of thinking, drinks a bit  where was everyone, it was so quiet.  Has twitter got everyone's tongue?
is heading to bed. Have to get up early. Erg. 
Prom is amazing. Have to leavein ten minutes though. 
New iphone 3G replaces old, water logged iphone.  Have 30 days to get newer iphone rev. Come on Apple!
POW! Haven't been on here in a while, good morning fellow twitters (if thats what you'd call it) i'm really not up for work today 
Have to go home today from our caravan in Scarborough  Looking forward to finding out who our new vice-principals our for our new academy
Awoken early. Have a sore neck 
New possible master is down to one. Haven't met him yet, but he's already a lot of fun. If only he'd let me Cum  Meeting him this week. 
Morninggg!!! Revision Timeee..I Have A Media Exam Tomorrow 
Have to go to work; and its soo sunny!!! Not Fair 
I am definitely watching a Sesame St. film... Have I woken up in a parallel universe? In other news... my whole body aches 
@MeanBot Owning both a business and a home is probably better. Have a good night, CPUs are good to keep warm with. Charger is in car  Cold
 Have sooo much to revbise I don't even get to go church. Boo to exams
@EMH0130 Quick trip 2 ur town to see a friend from MD. Didn't call b/c the sched was so tight.  Have you eaten at The Chicago Diner? Yum!
@MorgothsBalrog omggggg. I'm so jealous! Have funnnn! Tell @marcweil I said Hi and why isn't @heytakeiteasy there 
@mjcostajr Missing church to visit out of state family. A little work before leaving. Have more on To Do list than will ever get done. 
Have whole day off today (monday) what 2 do?? Nothing on  heeelp pls
@unmarketing bumming that I can't make the Vegas monster tweetup   Have a big speaking gig that I can't miss.
Haven't gotten my mind round to the fact that season is over, and I won't have those boys for the next 3 months.  And that Guus is gone
Oh noes! Have not set BTCC On to record! Missed first 3 hours! 
Kailee Potter is sad. Has very sore leg  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6824149
Oh no!!! Haven't twittered for 4 hours!!! Oh well &gt; Going back to school soon 
@gfalcone601 *coughcheetingcough* They probably using proxy things. :-/ Not fair. Have nice BBQ while I'm inside revising 4 exam 2moz  lol
Have to go to Roseville for a volleyball BBQ  Blahhh
@fossiloflife Don't say that maan  . Hasn't he won enough??
Okay, cam hates me. Have to wait a while. If I'm unlucky until I'm home  sorry. Cross fingers
Have to get ready soon to go to Brother's Ian to spend some time with dad before he leaves tomorrow 
Sigh. Have spent the entire weekend indoors. J is painting and I'm supposed to be unpacking boxes. Looks so nice outside! 
I've a flight tomorrow at 06:55. Have to get up at 04:30  Presentation to clients at 12:30. Hopefully I can stay awake!!
Have had no mobile reception for 2 days. Think T Mobile have arsed something up. Being told ppl have txted of but getting nowt 
It was actually a huge bee! Have opened window and let it out. Looks like I'm the stupid one 
@naughty_ottsel Tis worth getting  Has kept me from maths revision so I'mma failing that 2moro :L 
@rossmurderscene LOL! beats daisys jai ho dance anyday. Have u seen little miss sunshine? Cause I think I'm the only person who's not 
I don't feel good  gonna lay down for a bit . Have a headache. (Ugh)
@HLindskold yea that's what I'm lookin at. Have to go in to apply with VZW around here...local ATT is only looking for assistant managers 
what a nice sunny day..it looks great from inside! Running a fever.. Have to take disgusting medicine and migrain so i can barely stand! 
@Lynsey_G  Have you got your AST to read your supporting statement? Mind you, there are loads of people who haven't got jobs yet.
Have said this before, will say it again, the Megaman 9 OST is so frickin' rad! http://bit.ly/gODWu Now if I could only complete it... 
@poploser We drove around for an hour and gave up and came back home  Have a mojito for me! Sorry it didn't work out.
@amandabynes U Have To Go! For us in England, we cant stay up till 5am to watch it cuz we've got skul!!! boo hooo!!  *sniff sniff*
Razor Have no energy to make it out of the valley...I am missing Maker's...  But as an alternate I just discoverd... http://ff.im/3rs7c
@arttherapy2heal LOL that is old! Haven't watched NCIS for a while 
Found out yesterday when I went to use it that my D300 is broken.    Have to send it to Nikon.  Hope it's not too expensive to fix.
that was a poor poor quality final hour of 24. Feel severely let down. Have an ache of disappointment in my heart. Shitty script writers 
Thinking about scrapping this remix. Vocal just isn't clean enough.  Have another clean vocal, so might reuse some of the work.
@roulla We're not all idiots tho Roulla.  It was an awful mistake to make. Would hate to be the employee in question. Have a nice day.
@bronte_saurus Oh, sweetheart! I'm sorry! Have you tried soup? 
Have? Has? My English training has failed me. 
Throat is killing me, runny nose, dizzy and tired. Got it from Aki(still sick). Riri getting sick 2. Have 2 cancel my lesson this week. 
Need to stop thinking soo much and give my brain a proper rest! .. Haven't had one in a VERY LONG time 
@Esme_Taljaard yessss a very happy day! Short lived though  haha! Have a superb week essel! mucho love xx
@ekahi Do you think the stress is causing your supply drop? Have you tried to look into donor milk?  poor Row! *hugs*
@donpackett Nah, had shit last night also. Haven't been able to pay salaries and accounts   #fnb #fail
Have a good start on a perfect Tan, now i have to spend 2 hours inside doing an exam. 
Morning!Haven't been about because our internet is playing up &amp; TwitterBerry is still kaput on my phone  Boo!
Morning!Haven't been about because our internet is playing up &amp; TwitterBerry is still kaput on my phone  Boo!
Ready to go to school. Have two tests today. 
Hey @hawkcam Has anyone seen a parent ?  Havent seen one since early yesterday.   (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
Awake. Haven't actually gone to sleep. Damn insomnia. 
Soo tired from the awards last night.  Have EQAO test this morning  wish me luck
@clogwog52 I'm going to miss reading you on the DB.  Have a wonderful time away, though. 
Don't find the solution for the &quot;jumping&quot; div with jQuery slideToggle... Have to bookmark more sites when I needed them the first time 
Have to say &quot;Bye&quot; to my hamster Chikki 
Bought Sql,Pl/Sql by Ivan Bayross !! Have 2 study now 
@PaoloNutini Have fun in Edin today! Wish I could be tehre with Char, but stupid accounts got in the way.  XX
Have to take Mikka the kitty to the vet today - he has an ear infection 
Have been lent to the 3rd floor, so don't have Twirl installed on this computer  hence the quiet Molecat84 today
my twitter is being weird. I wish I wasn't so sick  Have to go to work here soon. Sigh.
Have huge bump on head &amp; headache  Forgot ceiling sloped in bedroom &amp; nearly knocked myself out last night &amp; ended up on floor. Not good.
Have to find a new car today  ~Sundance~
Haven't been on here in forever ~ Just busy and i'm not sure I like the new way twitter is set-up  Oh well ~ how's everyone else doing??
@kpereira I'm jealous.  I've only been once.  I work at Mot and just don't have the need to attend anymore   Have fun!
@Elizabeth_C Have a great day off. Enjoy the time at the beach. My Birthday uis tomorrow, except I do not have it off 
Cloves, vodka and red bull. Oh yeah. Have yet to find yesterday's yummy cherry wine.   #wgt
Have a kickass day people...idk if I will I hate Deerbrook mall 
bus guys playing SRK's Devdas in bus. Damn! my ipod battery is also low ... Have to sit through the movie 
@ClaudeKelly Kinda jealous here... I LOVE swimming but it's been a long while since the last time  I did. Haven't had enough time... 
Well... Haven't got a tan today (N) 
Pro: Chinese food for lunch. Con: Haven't started on my custom for the PUDDLE contest on Saturday 
Have to go back to work shortly   Anyone have any way at all to watch or listen to the conference live via iPhone?  #E3
Discount Tire. Don't let me down. Drives worse now than before tires were balanced and rotated! Had to come back. Waiting again! 
@jenwcom Sure! Have fun. I hear some Big Lots also have AC Modern Albums, but mine didn't. 
Finished reading/listening to The Sorceress. I thought it was the last book in the series. Have to wait for next book  sucks
Holy Shit! Have been waiting for a top important email since past 3 hrs 
Gutted I'm missing all the big announcements at the MS E3 conference  Have to catch up on it all when I get back to Dublin!
Have hit the wall with my Derby County game on Football Manager. Several players aren't playing for me 
I am really getting annoyed w/back issue. It has never lasted this long before, usually good night sleep and over. Has lasted 3 days now. 
@RachelBlack_ *text* I'm at Second Beach. Haven't left here since last night. I got a call last night from um, you know... 
@DWiley224 LOL!! I can't have that fun tonight!  Have to get up early for mini vacay with bf!! WOOHOO!! ;  )
Have a migrain!!!! Wanna go home and get in bed. 
Have had a wonderful wekend in Stockholm, unfortenately it came to and end way too fast 
Have to switch stream quality to low  WiFi is DSL at bubble lounge. 
Hubby has bad case of hayfever  Have dug out all the remedies we gave but he is still suffering with it 
Welp, last day of vacation today. Have to go back to work tomorrow 
@RainbowAnne NO. They cannot ruin that song for me  Have you seen Seduff's vid to it? Gorgeous.
Have a killer headache today that Advil just isn't touching and I'm being totally unproductive 
@reemerband Booo (: Ive Realised Ive Never Had A Tweet For You!! I Feel Left Out  Kayley xxx
Have no cell phone service so if u send me a msg, be patient, esp if I am out and about and not in front of my computer!  This SUX!
OMFG. DMV never sent my renewal tags, and now I'm stuck with $73 in late fees because I didn't call sooner. Have to plead to get waived 
Oh boy... Love summer vaca. Have good night I am in DC. My family is driving me nuts.... I want to run away 
@AustinGurl  I am so sorry!  Have you tried the car or the stroller?  Sending you both well wishes.
Kinda hungry.. Have to pack all day tomorrow  .. Going to miss everybody 
Haven't been able to get unsleepy all day  gonna hook up some Dr Pimpin Ho's and call it an early nite ... Maybe
Sigh. Have to leave for home in 9 1/2 hours 
@GrumpyYetAmusin Urgh! Missed you again  Hopefully, we'll catch up tomorrow! Have a great afternoon!
@PRESIDENTMUGABE i dont get it,  Have fun in Poland!! x
@joan9 Ack! That sucks.  Have some *good vibes*!
@Ant4fatony Nooo! I have never been to USA.   Have you been to Spore?
Have you ever been so sleepy that you couldnt fall asleep?????? Well thats me tonight.     
@iamsteveholmes Yeah, I'm a slow writer.      Have a gr8 time at the Thirsty Bear!
I'm so exhausted! Have to get to sleep ASAP so I can wake up at 4:30am and leave for vacation  It will be worth it once I reach the beach
Not sure how I'm going to cope with a 7hr, non-stop  train journey. Haven't been on a train for years. Don't have a laptop!   Books it is.
Wee. Haven't ridden Chi the waveboard for two weeks.  Forgot how to turn. Harhar.
@Em_ilyxXx Haha after going to Narrabundah college today I think I wanna go there. Have to get accepted first though  Xxxx
@BstiNatosi  Have you met Pushing Daisies?  I so hope so.  I was upset at its cancellation.  
@tmgj24 OMG thinking the same thing.. Have to wait till next season! 
Crap. I updated mysql to 5.1 and now Rails is totally broken. Haven't found a solution yet.  
Have you tried texting him?? Cuz my textings blocked 
@Makinsey CAMP!!! Have tons of fun for the both of us kay. Since I can't go this year 
@smityas Sad face.  Have fun at E3!
@Sinteque Lucky you...8 o'clock. Have workers here in the house since 7  But you are right, the weekend was great, I'm still in party mood
@azrealtorjp Oh don't I wish.  Have committed my car to visiting daughter. I'm stuck in office all day. Means I must work.  
Parked on the effing 405 at sunset about to cry.... Have to get up in 4 hours! FML ughhhhh I just want to go to bed 
Just Not Mine To Have I Guess 
@TravisKaimi LOL I DIDN'T  But I'm gonna pig out once I get home!! *sigh* Be thinking about that gordita though! Have fun @ the gym cutie!
Have to go back to work tomorrow... Vacation pau 
ARGH!  Have a business meeting this afternoon and my site is down for the first time EVER!!  ARGH!  Help!! 
Have locked myself out. Bollocks. 
Ordered coffee yesterday. Now they say I havn't payed for the last sending. But I did!!! No coffee to sell tomorow  Have to call them...
@donniesgirl01 Hi sweetie, I'm o.k. just a bit more busy at wokr today, it's annoying  Have lunch right now
Boo, I'm ill. Have to stay at home so I thought I would do some coursework but remote access isn't working. It's just not my day 
@eddieizzard - Greetings from Bulgaria Eddie!  Rainy here  Send some SUN over here please ! Have a fab day ! xxx
G'day' all! A gorgeous God-made morn in Fayetteville! Have u noticed fewer &amp; fewer tweeps saying g'mornin? Just jumping in 2 business. 
has to go to the DMV this morning.    Have to get copy of car title.  This is a good reason to keep important papers safe. No DMV visits!
Have to start packing up my room today. Very sad 
@aianna21 Oh boo, I missed you  Have fun, see you later twin! xx
@YourSavvyVA Same. Have a full day of tasks and feel like my head is the size of a watermelon.  Not good!
Well the sleeping in late thing didn't work.. But i'm glad he called.. Haven't heard his voice in days 
@MaxineXRox Hey Girl!!! Whats goin on? Haven't see u much in twitter land these days 
I have actually gotten something done today (that was not domestic/farm related) Have NOT written, however. 
@tommcfly Life is that ironic.. Have you heard about the song &quot;ironic?&quot; Haha! Can i just ask if you're getting my tweets? 
Haven't been feeling well for almost a week now. Hope it's not swine flu! Haha! Really busy with studio - probably be here all night 
@lightkaji Bioshock was brilliant. Haven't tried Mass Effect yet. 
I miss Bug  Haven't been sleeping well and annoyed by everything. God love SF and it's year round ability to cause SADD. *headdesk*
Have Sims installed (finally). Hate to say it, but I think I will have to try it out later. The Advil is not working for me anymore 
SHOCK. Has Barry really gone to man city. What about his champions league dream. Bit happy 
@WritinginCT I HATE the name change, and the addition of wrestling.  Haven't watched the channel in months.  
Haven't been Tweeting I've been doing some planting and I kept forgetting to update 
so just heard there was a murder oh 2 blocks from my condo! this is supposed to be a revitalized area! When will people learn?Never?Ever? 
@JonasRoxs4Ever lol yeah i'm sry  i hate commenting lol messaging is way better 4 me.
@DJ_AM nice!  Have a great show!  Wish I was there!  
@JennsReverie on eBay!  Haven't put the JA items up yet - having a hard time letting my damn near 20 imports go!  Years finding them all! 
Oh Man I Have A UTI and is SUCKS 
So tired and drained (X_X). I've done two projects YAY! and they are not great. I have no knowlege about Action Script. I need it.! 
@mlydy Just missing each other by a week or so.  Have fun while you're in Cancun!
Wishing I had the money to get the Sims 3. Have to wait till pay day 
Im Tired. And i Have to work tomorrow.  but im going to see briana after work tomorrow so thats sweet 
@GauravSaha Have to..  After 2 I'll be without net again..
EUGH. Have the dreaded Politics exam today. I'm going to fail - I know NOTHING about the damn subject. 
Morning..! Feelin poo, covered in bites and not very happy   Ah well hey ho.. Off to work I go....... Have a nice day peoples! xx
@lory_ishii so fun! Have a blast @ big bear!  Say hello to the stars 4 me, it's been a while since I saw them 
@shefaly I suggest Goodreads for English, aNobii for multi-lingual collection. Have been too busy to write a post about it. Sorry. 
@tommcfly  I realise too many people tweet and ask you this, but.... Just throwing it out there - I sound so pathetic...  Have a nice show
@JohnMarsden Fab thanks!. Have an absolute hangover today tho 
@ school, weather is the not as good as it was yesterday...  Have to watch the MTV awards on the web I think... xoxo
@Wossy Ugh! Tell me about it! Have succumbed to GMTV advertising and am trying Prition Max strength! 
[Gaming] Have to download MGO again. Last time it took all day, i went out and someone plugged out the ps3! 
Have one hell of a flu. Bedridden  Does anybody else get real horny when they're sick? Or is that just me.....
Well I'm 21 now.. Have no idea what happened last night.. I wish @mikeyshim was here 
Have laptop with WiFi in bed with me. How addicted can one be?? Would be *lmao* if I wasn't afraid it wld earn me a trip to the bathroom 
Have to say I am a bit disappointed about Tori Amos newest album by the way 
Might Have The Mumpss  x
no @brianedward today  Sadness!! Have fun in Cali, I'll miss youuuu
@JCTurner That was done ages ago. Have to use my touch on the laptop as it won't work on my iMac. 
Did not sleep well at all  Have a great day though everyone!!! XOXO
Screwed up the OS..    Have to reinstall I guess. My heart is pounding!
Going hoomee!!  Have to finish my exam tho  Boo!!
@ImTiffanyNicole Tiffany Whats Good HowCome I Never Never Never Ever Ever Ever Got A Txt Or Call Atleast To Say GMorn/Nite? NoLove4Me? 
Have an antique commode chair in the family room. Theboy has long been amused by it and decided it must be a functional toilet. Mom 
@JasonBradbury Haven't had chance to play with Garageband  Would you have a listen to my songs? www.jadetremarco.com. Your blog rocks! xx
@Aysun29 Where have u beeeeeeennnn?? Have u fallen pou of twitter love 
Can anyone in Camberley tell me who to vote for tomorrow and why!?  :-/  Haven't had a chance to research 
Can anyone in Camberley tell me who to vote for tomorrow and why!?  :-/  Haven't had a chance to research  (via @dogsbodyorg)
Good nitezzz to everyone .... Have to sleep &quot;early&quot; .. Have to wake up at 0640 for my Physics remedial @ 0800 
Feeling miserable, don't know why. Have RDBMS exam tmrw! Finally exams knocking the door. 
@BETHBRITTBRAND Have a great time together &amp; a lot of fun!  The weather in Germany is to cold for swimming! 
Have to refund the Oakely Jawbone because it doesn't fit well  Pity cuz those sunglasses are pretty bad ass
Joined a new gym and went for a sesh today. Haven't been to a gym for 18 months. Poor stroke rate on rowing machine and sore calves. ... 
Have to sleep, got work tomorrow. No more Sims 3  No complaining. Good money.
Brantford tourney all weekend!! Have to get up at like 5:30 tomorrow morning!!  
back home from Texas &amp; already missing my brother  Have a great day y'all.
Have to make this summer good.  I miss Jon!
The Triple K has.   @staHHr Ever just wanted to choke someone out for existing?
@AdamOrtega so sad we can't go  we are broke! Damn bills to pay! Have fuuun!!!!
@sujamthe No140con for me. No $.  Laid off in Dec '08; still looking. Have a BLAST; please tweet lots so I can feel like I'm there 
@lukemarsden I did but got told off cos it was outside and they dont let you shout!!!! Would've loved to have waved to you though. 
Have to go for now.my street has got a power cut  doing this from my mobile but not much battery! Bye for now. X
@TVFanUK Hehe no...Molly hasn't been very well  Haven't had much time to tweet! x-x
Haven't Tweetd For Ages  x
@LauraLilyan It certainly looks like it will pour any second.  Has it been raining there all day??
@hollapapabear I told Rose and she made a sad face  like that. Have fun with your mom papa!
Have to skip out on tonight's SFS Berg/Schubert concert... My poor kitty is in emergency surgery 
Well, I guess I will be leaving as well. Have to get up at 6 am tomorrow (on a saturday!!)  Enjoy the night/day whatever ;)
@Starrgirlxo Sounds fun. Angus wants to go on a cruise  apparently. Haven't you slept enough already D:?
Pulled muscle in my back. Man didn't know it could hurt this bad! Haven't been able to do anything all day. 
@heybobnanna I tried to go, but it was sold out  Like early this week too! Have fun!
Stressful day. Have to get my mother mental health help. Bipolar disorder is no fun. 
@SookieBonTemps *txt* Yeah, it did  Have a good night at work
@LadyNightowl How r u?Have I been tweeting 2 much 4 u 2 follow me? If yes I can cut way way down.Promise.I hoped u'd keep following?Sorry 
@ebassman I'm not there uuuh  Have Fun Tonight!!!!!!!!
Made it to the end of the week, but not the end of work. Have to go in this weekend and work on an SBS08 and Hyper-V install 
@HennessyEyes Yea im good... I dont wanna go out in the rain and be worst the rest of the weekend!!!! Have fun though!!! 
Watching Wrestling...And I Have The Worst Headache 
@BecaBear Lucky!! I want to shop   Have fun, Buttons 
I seriously hate tom,   ugh. Hes the most annoying person i've ever met. Ever!
arqqqh Feelinq Down  Cuz i dnt Have Him   =x arqhh
@britneychantal feels good... your goin to Vegas? Another weekend where we dont get to hang out  Have fun tho
Up for DMB, dr., then slept all day. Have a fever, no big deal, but Dad couldn't come down tonight.  Here's hoping for next weekend!
Haven't even ate dinner yet. &amp; Its 9pm  I'm Fucking starving. gonna have some  Asian Food(:
@KendrickHarmon I want to be at Pure!!  Have fun!
@Sarahre sadly it's 14. Has to sit in the bottles 7 days too 
Really wishes he had money.... damn I need to be an EMT already... Have fun J and M 
Still bummed out over death of regency author Edith Layton.  Have pushed aside lesser paperbacks to make slot for final book 
@greekpeace no afterparty  on way home. Have to walk at 8am all around dc for walk for cure!  CRAZY!
@CaraNScott AWW 5ME I miss you too! I wish I were there  Have you had any CalPis yet? Drink some for me 
Starting to worry. May Have too ditch my mobil computer, for one I need a cell phone plan on. Either that, or get an IPod touch. 
@carole29 Copy cat. Have you work today? Raining hard here. 
Ugh! Woke up so late today. Have to go to the 12pm yoga class. Wanted to lunch in the marais too  Tomorrow I guess...crepe at GB then ;)
@velvetella hi beauTiful ! Love the new photo stunning ! Um feel urgh also  is it kitten allergy still ? Have a great day  xx
Have you heard about David Carradine's death?  So sad 
Goodmorning! Oh my....its super late already...Have to work on my Thesis all day 
@AcePower i won't be getting any rest  wedding celebrations are starting tonight (longgg Asian Weddings) Ever been to one?
@marginatasnaily I know!!!  Have hoovered it but still feels sandy ffs!! Nightmare!! lol
@Catwoman123 Haven't got a clue now, due to shi**y weather  Off to collect my birthday carrot cake from motherinlaw, then off to Waitrose
@justinparks Might take you up on Skype.  Have to go out now though...  
Still in bed! Have been up to put the washing out but now it's rained  off to see Han in a bit... After the ASDA man has been!!
@ohsnapBianca I can't  I'll be in Palawan. Have fun though !
@xBabyV Ewww I'm sorry. That's no fun. I've not even gone to bed yet   Keep your head up though love. Have a wonderful day none the less
@CodyButcher I'm in a wedding tonight! Otherwise I would soooo be there!  Have a Blue Moon for me!
Arse! Problem with plane. Have to spend 2.5 hours sitting on Tarmac waiting for a spare part  I may pass the time twittering....
Have just checked in to the Ship and Bell. No porsche dealer near that I can see.   http://bit.ly/HGcvt
@JasonFalls wow, what a night.  Thanks for coming!  Things got busy after you left  Have fun in SF.
@michaelsheen aww I left Wales now cause it's the summer holidays  I miss it. Have a good time with your family.
Have just downloaded a Font from Net...now how the hell do I access it?! Bloomin' hate being such a tech idiot! 
@j_nessa Have fun. Jordan's still sleeping at a sleepover and I have to go to work.  We wont make it. 
@loneresearcher Wow! Better weather up there than in rainy Belfast  Have a great day! x
@abcaryndef  Oh, that's not good. Have some water.
Have you ever noticed that while you're doing busy work  you're thinking of a million things you want to do with your life? Break's over 
Good morning twitter-friends! I was MIA last night because I was feeling under the weather  But I feel better this morn. Have a good m ...
Going to CT for the rest of the weekend for the DMB concert. Have a great weekend everyone! &lt;3 No updates for a few days. 
@Nefertari224 so of course turning it in 24 hours late is now an option for you, I'm sure. Have phone calls to the prof helped? 
Have friends chasing the Gray-collared Becard today - will post updates as I receive them. Wish I could have gone. 
@DavidArchie YES! I've been waiting for you to tweet from web. Cause you never reply people anymore 
@NathanMillson lol. Deal! Have a safe trip hun. Remember to powernap if you need to... How long are you gone for? 
@Cosmotastic :O You got Sims 3? Lucky duck. I only have Sims 1 and it doesnt even work on my comp. anymore.  lol. Have fun playing!
@DavidArchie   You look handsome in ANYTHING..even the shiny suit which I grew to love!  Haven't seen you in the shirt I gave you 
Checked out THE Pre, I've been anticpating for MONTHS, and its really weird. I'm not feeling it....not absolutley set in stone yet. 
@Triona Have just switched to o2 for better service. Vodafone only axed roaming for summer months. Ends in Sept 
@DavidArchie BTW, I wish I was there to hear you sing the NA live   Have fun tonight!
Have downloaded TweetDeck and do not love it as much as I want to 
@topgold I only really need it for email and some internet sites. Has been ok before. You've got me worried now 
@malakeas .. nope! Hes out so can't send him on chocolate run  .. Have found Digestives so am coping!! (( hugs )) xx
@Shirin_Dubbin yep. Have you looked at it yet. She told me if I can't stand her harshness to stop writing 
Bye, Claire! Have a nice flight  - http://bkite.com/08f5O
@LizUK Haven't even heard of it this side.  Quick blurb? 
@daracorrato so excited for you at the 5*!!! Why is Belgium so far from USA   Have fun for me!!!! And say hi 
Google contacts on Pre. Problem is that it imports all contacts while the iphone just imports 1 folder 'my contacts'. Have to clean'em up 
Well. Haven't been on in two days.. no point in catching up with all y'alls tweets.. Though, sleep sounds good.. its only 6;00pm. 
@Jchawes Thanks for saving me from seeing Land of the Lost. Ugh! I'd hoped it would be a decent movie  Have fun in Canada!
hates packing! Has too much stuff and not enough bags 
@JessicaMF Wish I could be at Squam.   Have a great time!
@garymurning Haven't mainly because can't face system change etc. Computers something always goes pear-shaped. Law of Universe 
@RAWRteecakes Ohhh, sweetie. :cuddles up: Have you got a sore tummy or something? 
@SongoftheOss I'm asleep. Have been for hours. Sorry 
@TATTOOED_CHICK That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Niece's graduation ceremony today. Fun! But I ate too much yummy tri-tip at the party. Have a bit of a stomach ache 
Have come to the conclusion that these LE results are sick &amp; wrong, against god &amp; nature  #fb #le09
On set with Trixie again! Last night on GTG!  @elissaislegit Have fun at prom!!!
@tippishorter Nooo and I just heard that you won't be there tomorrow.   Have a safe trip, stay blessed!
@KimKardashian Really disappointed that you cancelled your appearance @ club Karma in NJ! Have been looking forward to it for weeks 
is ill. Has been for over a week now. And is getting worse! 
Damn it. Buy a bottle of vodka. Have 1 drink. Everyone drinks it. I have no more. Saddface 
feeling so sleepy already.  Trying to stay up to watch Bleach.  Have to work about half day tomorrow.  
Me failing at @mylifesgallery's first picture. I'm sorry, Brendan.     Has anyone seen that episode of... http://tinyurl.com/nj7gvs
@sanjukta Screen has taken some damage, but still works. Hasn't cracked though.    *But my heart certainly has 
Haha I know @Noosiekins, I'm a total geek :-$ hehe. Haven't been able to play tho, even tho Jus preordered it for me and I got it day 1 
Getting ready to go to 10K charity run in English Garten. Nervous as heck.  Have a feeling I might tank.  
up early because Jack is. Have I got a cold? Very bunged up this morn. 
Going nighty night. Long day ahead of me tomorrow. Have to drive back to CA  Want to stay in WA! 
@Didi_Pop no  in the am we're to be leaving... Speaking of which I should be sleeping! Have fun if u go out!!!
Idk WTF is wrong wit me  Haven't slept in like 4 days
@vincent_ray amazing. But such a sad ending  Have You seen it?
Haven't found my iPod yet  I want a Death Note
@freosan NOOOOOOO  ::sigh:: Have good dreams.
is soo bloody tired. Have to go on 6 mile walk around the village today with Charlotte for 'D of E' training. Pah. Weekends nearly over 
That 'Compare the Meerkat' ad is well funny ;D Haven't seen 'Bring on the trumpets' in a while though..  &quot;HAHAHA! TRUMPETS!&quot; Legend ;)
I was very disappointed with my Kauai wrap this morning.  Haven't had 1 since Jan.
@Linda_Sgoluppi Have to preplan the weekly meals now...boring 
Home. And tired. Haven't slept for 30 hours. Saw a dead man in Cologne main station. That freaked me out. 
@nadalnews - What are all these rumors I keep hearing about Rafa's parents divorcing? Have you heard anything about that? 
Calories did not go away. Aerobics session cancelled.  Haven't worked out for three days this week. I must have a full week next week!
Today. I totally. Have no will. To move on. Felt that my heart just. Broke. It hurts so bad.   - http://tweet.sg
@eunicesrhapsody what's Koko Black? I've never tried that before! Take care when you're at the airport! :/ I have no luck with Mamadukes 
@PaulHarriott Looks like a nice day. Have to work today    how are you doing ?
@Drifter0658 Alex? Have you write your answer? I need it ASAP! 
Have just seen an awful lot of very lovely photos of Albania, and now want to go on holiday somewhere exciting and abroad 
@Capricci0so Here in Guangzhou it is pretty well blocked.  Has been for the last couple of hours.  
*weeps* I still crave The Sims. Have to wait till Craig's days off for him to take a look at it for me. Ugh. Another.. what... two days.. 
@LexiStarGirl Ohhhhhh  Have good time!  Remember...rocks ;) Haa xx
Have not packed for my trip. to Boulder. Leaving this afternoon. Cutting it close... I hate packing  
Good morning! Didn't get nearly enough sleep last night  Soo tired...Have to babysit from noon 'til three, then Giants-Marlins game!!
@KirkAFur Of COURSE I've watched the Fairly Oddparents! I don't remember anything about the game though... 
@SJRestaurant Sent Pete out for lemon. Have awful headache.  We're going to have sugarsnaps fresh from garden instead!
@kelownagurl No, just got the thing last summer. Haven't even ridden it 500mi yet,   She's pretty &amp; great most of the time.
Completed the online checkin for tomorrow's early bird to UK. Have to get up at 5  bah!
Sorry couldnt make it back to #wcchicago today   Kid issues this morning   Have fun all!
SIGH! Skipped church 2day.  Have a sinus headache. Pray 4 me. 
@imaginechurch Hi everybody!  I Wish I was there  Have a great day!! 
I wish...No I already deleted Episode 2 from my computer.  Have to go back and find them.   It'll be worth it.
@rowdavid ah!! Have fun in tahoe!! Say hi to megan for me and I sorry I can't be there 
@janelle30 I ate her flowers   she is more patient with me. Have you seen what @jaredleto does to @dukkrogers when he is mad? BOY!
Have a cold and feel really cold need a Hot chocolate to warm me upp 
Tomoro have to list all the participants for the LC -09 Bangalore  Have a lot of work...
Have to miss church again because of Amanda's piano recital this afternoon 
@KM_Productions I can't. I have to work &amp; i have no way to watch the ep.  sorry. Have fun tho!
@AgelessJen I was hoping to see it in its IMAX brilliance-but it's gone! (there yesterday  Haven't seen Terminator, maybe go there
Back from Cleveland, Have Internet,will get the site running again smoothly tomorrow after a good night's sleep. Someone got up at 630AM 
Yesterday was a GO!!! Haven't eaten yet, due to my extreme alcohol consumption  
Still sick!  No tweeting today   Have my Z-Pack and I'm waiting for it to kick into action.
@butterflymaven how was the movie?? Better then the book? Haven't been 2 movies lately no time 
@mcr_rocks_alot Really? Ever saw a tornado maybe? 
@lancearmstrong   The end of prison break    Loved the show. Never missed an episode 
Omg, Have to use this realy old Computer and its so slow ,, i tye fast it takes 50 years to catch up .!   @deirdreFTW Wats ur E-mail . ?
Haven't eaten all day! And I have a headache  But I'm about to eat Subway woohoo!
Have been forced onto the Sofa... b***h stole my bed 
Just came back home from the friend's marriage. Have about 4 hrs to catch up with sleep coz have a 1130 hrs meeting at Gurgaon 
Have I just heard right? Have the BNP got a seat in Yorkshire and humberside? I'm fucking disgusted. And I've lived there 
@EricMillegan congrats on your tourney. You'll get first next time. Have fun at Disneyland!! I've never been to either park  Sad huh?
@MimiJohn2009 two assignments. 5000 words each. Due tomorrow! I can finish one tonight. Haven't started the other one 
It's 9pm and I still haven't exercised today.     Bellydance, then bedtime.  Have a good night everybody!
*sigh*  Weekend over, back to work in the A.M.  Have enough personal stuff to do that I'm not even remotely interested in work tomorrow.  
What a disappointment. Orlando could have had this  They really need. Have a plan of attack 4 next game!
Been #knitting a cabled wristlet, it's looking good! Blocking now, working on wrist strap. Have a splitting headache 
@simoncurtis I Have Have Nothing To Do...And I Have To Stay Up Until 6am...Gosh Life Sucks 
home again from weekend at parents house. Has to do math the whole day 
@ElementsOfJazz We Have an Annual General Meeting tonight, put the trading accounts to the members all fun! 
Sick! Have to go to the doctor! 
@Shontelle_Layne I second that! Haven't been there in so long 
In paaaaaiiinn  Waiting for Jodie so we can walk to school. V. warm. Have far too many weekend tweets to re-read :s
Goodbye tweeters off to school  Have a good day!
Going back to college. Hmm. Have I packed everything? I hate packing, I almost always forget something 
Have to see if they even carry BOTH though since it's an overseas film. Just like the Robin Hood seasons. 
Oh no. Have left my phone at home   The Builder has left his home too Clearly we don't want to engage with the world today Or each other!
@esmeeworld I am at work, when r u going to do a CD sign thing in my town? Could not make it to Fame  Have a nice day!
WOW Have you seen this? http://tinyurl.com/lkqm8y I had no idea it was this bad, the Gov spin doctors must be working super overtime 
@Stellar_MC awww you're leaving already??   Have an amazing trip babe! Mwah xxx
@playcom got my three Take That cd's this morning - no slipcase  Have called CS not very helpful. Have to wait for  them to look into it!
@Schofe Mud!!!  I've got a hatred for that too - comes of living on a farm 
@_Miss_Mia_ I've failed at budgeting thing this month too. Had to raid savings to pay for train ticket for work. Need to pay tv licence 
@BedlamB They are indeed tropical, just populating the tank now, a species a week. Have to stop now thanks to a breakout of &quot;dropsy&quot; 
@younganddivine REALLY!? I wanted to go see 100 monkeys last night in Allentown!! But I got out of work late so I missed it.  Have fun!!
My friend who is from Gemany (the one that stole my shoes.) Has to go back in a week and I wont see her for years. 
Need To Have Fun  So Bored x
at school! Have to make a book report, of gossip girl! Kind of boring though. 
@KiddKraddick I did  I got last Mondays show. I eventually found it but it keeps skipping. Boo. Have a good show!!!
Have to do Chemistry revision... 
is seriously ill. Has come home and is in bed 
Broke dryer! Gotta go dry my clothes  Then having lunch w my girl from rehab! Haven't seen her since I got out a month ago!
Locked out of the flat... Have a crap load of work to do... 
@ShakeEvilMonkey Hey monkey, was thinking how I've missed you  If I sleep now, won't sleep tonight. Have to get body back to day time 
@SidneyKidney I know  Sorry. Have been so incredibly busy and now I have to write all these papers. Chaos in my head!
#MilitaryMon    Where Have All the Flowers gone? http://bit.ly/7DaUq
and it's finally the end of summer.  9pm now. Have to go to bed. Night.
@OntarioDdubfan I've been good.  How are you?  I just wish that I was closer   Have I missed anything??
@Cavalli_Cali Morning hun! Haven't tweeted u in a while! I been mia 
@grahamcoxon So upset I couldn't get to Brixton today  Have a good one!
@juls10 Aloha! I'm afraid Denver is not in forecast as yet  that's OK, but hate to miss out on all the fun! Have to email little story &lt;3
Have to get some shopping. Sooo tired, but have put it off long enough  Back soon xx
@DeWanaC Have a GREAT time whether u r thinking of me or not! Just have one of ur drinks for me!  I'll be in Missouri w/ no beach 
@Uk_joedan_fan But yeah that sucks about someone cloning your account!   Have you reported it?
@MsSerendipitist Oh no! Have you been to a doctor, yet? 
#MilitaryMon  Where Have All the Flowers gone? http://bit.ly/7DaUq
Have any of you had luck with @bodyguardz skins. I swear these things are impossible to get the corners right on. Peeling after 3 days 
@VictoriaDahl TY will check it out when i get home.Have been following student tweeters, but silent for awhile now. 
@ThisIsRobThomas Have fun in Minny!  Then you are here tomorrow and sadly, I couldn't win tickets.     I will listen tho!
is absolutely exhausted. Finally updated RBCM.net with the latest design and categories for the year 2009. Have still 3.5 years to cover! 
@jordanmccuaig I've been keeping a bit of a low profile lately.. Have u been stalking San an? I'm jealous.. Missed u at kontact 
Sorry for lack of tweets the past day! Have had a busy day at school!  but glad to be home now!  gunna watch the supersozers tonight!!
@DEdmondW KL Thanx hun ;) Have you found DEWs blog I cant see it 
Have to do inventory today.  Bum my trip.
@askij Do you Really Have a Apple Tattoo? I thought you were Innocent 
@turbomichael: oh no  we just gonna have to blow it up @ TURBO Camp ;-). I've gotta book anotha, but that's my goal ;-)
@Oliv3rInterior Hasn't worked for me the past week. Totally not good timing as I'm on vacation with limited computer access. Ughh 
Woah!!!! Have I even seen a more amazing sunset with my own eyes? Where is my camera?!! 
@Drumtasticnick Never!! Bugger!  Have you had one before??
It is pouring here in NYC!! I don't have an umbrella or a cab... Have a feeling this is going to be a long night. 
Have to get bark collar for my dog....the neighborhood just left us a note about Freya's barking. 
How funny is Lee Mack. Last of &quot; Have I got news &quot; tonite 
Have a MAJOR headache. 
Have a burst pipe outside our villa.  MC in a 3ft hole and KUA looking into it (no pun intended) 
Crap. Have to take the GRE...was hoping to avoid standardized tests for the rest of forever 
Exam sucked... 2morrow back 2 the office... Have 2 get up at 6am 
I can't make it.  Agility every Tues and this is the first week. Have fun yall.  @kayoungche @talljules @Jo_Crew @vbkim @JulieRe
My UTI is back with a vengeance. Guess I hadn't cured it completely. Feeling very depleted. Treating it naturally. Have to lie down. 
Sad to be missing the Limestone media meeting tonight in K-town. Have fun guys 
Trying to make the greatest pot noodle has turned into the worste. Ever. Hard and powdery cardboard thats too chilly 
@mwegner Pretty awesome!  I seem to have a problem with text rendering though.  Have had the problem since Off-Road Veloiciraptor Safari. 
@AnnouncerJustin Have to wait an hour to watch it here    Say hi to my friend Michelle for me!
@Wersching are you actually filming in NYC at all?  Haven't seen a casting call 
Staying over at the beach to take care of my old English man puppy dog, Cyrus. Have to wake up every 4hrs to give him his medicine. 
Today was a slow tweet day for me... i'm off a little bit.  Haven't been to the Y in two days...   Getting my mojo back in the morning!
Haven't been able to run because I hurt my knee  Feeling fat now
@Fan4Ever when did Donnie come out to the buses in Greenville anyway? Must've been after we left. 
In the hands of the police and the Lord now. Have to let it go coz I don't think she'll come back 
@dazzleme18 Ive missed you, too! Same ol same ol, minus the Anooping and Trooper chat!  lol You??
@Racegirl29 Always lots in their store. Too bad everyone else is finding out about it now.  LOL! Good organic stuff too... Have fun!
Bad hangover as booze still flows in my veins.Wish I could just go home and sleep.Have to chat up with my Country Head on why I did what 
@hitzdotfm Hey there. Have been asking how Hitz Top30 actually works? Havent got any reply  How do we vote?
Have to cycle to college today otherwise I'm gonna be late for work  I'm still really tired mann!! Xx
Have mothers phone bcuz I do not hve mine  love being a teenager.... NOT!  I'm currently planning my first Cali, national park vaca!
Just got home from painting. Got a lot accomplished today though... No painting tomorrow. Have to deal with FIL on my own this week. 
Have so much more to do but need sleep. Will have to wait until tomorrow!   Good night all *muah*
Raining outside.   Have to do some work for Latin before going to university.
@Hargiteam_42 Haven't watched Nichols episode but agree: Want to see Goren being Gorensque! Am scared they will can D'Onofrio   
@easycompany510 Hahah, true, true. I was 5'2 in 5th! Haven't grown since, though.  Plus, she was prob just trying to spit game. LOL
@wazupwithat Sis i miss you sis! What is dis?! you is gone...gone away....sad   Have a blast!
Have a feeling I'm gonna be up ALL night, damn.  Ran into a door today  haha messed up my lip.
WOW Have you seen this? http://tinyurl.com/lkqm8y I had no idea it was this bad, the Gov spin doctors must be working super overtime 
Dumbass! I slept all the way to paradise interchange! Met Leandra but she quickly left  Never soundtrip on late dismissals. Ever.
@developit I've been ok. Have limited luxury of bandwidth ATM in office, so m not online as often as I used to be  what time is demo 2mr?
Have a nice time Tweeting Pals... I am afraid my tweeting days are over - cant tweet from office anymore  Adieu!!
@olospo - good luck with moving out, you're probs gone now! Weird  Have a good journey home x
3.00am and am awake AGAIN. Been awake since 1am. Having trouble sleeping lately. Have restless arms and legs and just can't get comfy. 
The weather is always nice when I have to work  Has to be done I suppose...
@ThisIsRobThomas Welcome to Chi-Town! Have a fun time today with Eric &amp; Kathy! Have to watch on Webcast  but just happy to have you here.
@thejameshunter - Why can't you sleep mate?? Have you been hanging out with Chemical Alli?? 
Hurt my back something fierce ... popping ibuprofen     Haven't done this for a long time now.
Beautiful sunny day in London. Shame I'm stuck in an office  Have to gym it up later- have bridesmaid shopping to do at the weekend
@SimonBishop Sir, am I out of favour? Have my recent tweets disappoited you? Has my language lost it's eloquence? This cannot be!  (hello)
@MorganCamie Jealous! And all I get to do today is go to work  Have fun girlie.
Jboy is sick. Have finally admitted that he's not getting better and heading to the Doc this afternoon. 
@ryan_buell Welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter! Haven't see you since Indy!  Missing you and PRS! 
Have to take Oreo to the vet today for his shots.. 
Have filled the paddling pool up for when Ollie wakes up from his nap, and the bloody sun's gone in 
@girlnovember @fraize Have a good trip home. Sorry to hear you have to leave paradise. 
WOW Have you seen this? http://tinyurl.com/lkqm8y I had no idea it was this bad, the Gov spin doctors must be working super overtime 
You ever walk in the room , and no that people are talking bout you? Ever happened with like a thousand people! 
Have hayfever from Hell &amp; the tablets arent workin 
@Leslie_Mills Enjoy a Starbucks Colorado latte 2 strt ur day. Have a gr8t show tonight! Wish I could b there.     XOXOXOX
@BookChicClub No  Wish I was! It's long drive &amp; husband is working tonight, so no one to go with &amp; keep me from getting lost ;) Have fun!!
Morning Tweet World!!! Have a big head ache!!!! 
Getting ready for work. Practice later tonight, then relaxing with @filichinoboi for a bit. Have fun at the Fair! So sad I can't go.. 
Have to go for an imp. meeting! Very sad about the whole Rob situation especially after watch eonline video again  &amp; http://bit.ly/11Ortu
Amazing finished all today's ToDo list!! Have to be ill more often.. maybe not 
Thanks @JoePJackson . Never sh&amp;^ on by a bird while driving...but I have 3 times while standing up outside. Embarassing 
@AngelaPinkerton Boo!!! Have to move again  That sucks!
Have to take my 10 yearold German Shepherd to vet tomorrow 
@patsoreal I hope you're okay! Your last few tweets have made me sad  I hope your stay here in SD was alright. Have a safe flight home! (:
Augh. Haven't had time to even glance at my RSS reader. 82 new entries already. 
@jacqui_th Now stuck on reports, should be in tomorrow but 8 subjects STILL to do  Have asked for extra time, it takes so long!
@RealAudreyKitch Awwhh  not good  Ive never seen pink hair dye.. i want some. Better run !! xD
@ZacBentz and ctrl+T NEVER does the same thing cross-program. Ever. 
Meetings and training not too bad. Almost time for the gym. Haven't been in a week 
Getting ready to leave work and pick up the wee man...   Have to stop by Walmart before going home 
im bummed. Should've gone. 
Have you #squarespace seen this thing: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIRV - bombs which could destroy whole continents 
I can't reach my Johnnie.  I am worried!   Haven't heard from him since around 430!  WTF?!
Haven't heard new Mariah yet! 
@bipolarbeauti7 Hey boo! Awww I just came from leaving work downtown!!  U shoulda called me earlier  Have fun! xoxox
got my license plate today: the letters are BRG.. I got excited (&amp; dyslexic) for a sec and thought it was RGB. Could've been component 
Waiting outside for @elizabethistiny so we can go to Panera! Haven't been in like 2 weeks! I've missed it 
@ebassman Wait, u r a Sox fan?? Man, I thought u were cool   GO CUBBIES!!   haha Have a good show!
Hope everyone is having a good day/night. Take care. Won't B on tonight. Have a headache that won't quit. 
Haven't bought tix yet to DC cause I don't wanna leave the dogs.  I am pathetic. Matt's being nice about it though. I gotta get over this!
Have a lot of homework though!!!! Bummer 
@reesie I have a B&amp;H package on the way!  Stupid hood and uv filter coming tomorrow.  Have to wait for my new lens 
P!ssed off - Have virus on main PC that's making it run like concrete.  Backing up to external HDD is taking forever!  It'll take days!!! 
@monkey29992 no that kind of music isn't even fresh, it's so The-Dream I've heard it all b4 
Watched Keith @ work for a bit..super boring. He was working near my parents house. Have to go junk my Taurus tomorrow.  I loved that car
WOW Have you seen this? http://tinyurl.com/lkqm8y I had no idea it was this bad, the Gov spin doctors must be working super overtime 
@dinealonemusic dammit! wish No Doubt was playing with blink again!  would have been such an epic tour!  Ive never seen them live.
@winnerbowzer: Not going to make it tonight.  Pity we're going to miss a @chrisstrouth outing  Have fun Jagercon groupies!
Threw out my back playing basketball tonight. Have tryed Everything to get it to loosen up, not working. Lots of pain. 
@YallcancallmeK dammmit! BK  ill be there one day....lol. Have fun with that contact...I could use that right bout now.
@emmastarks, Still an after-taste from the gelatine thing...ick. Haven't found a good cupcake in BJ yet  Would make some if I had an oven!
@DanWarp http://twitpic.com/7lelu - Why isn't Jennette there??  Have fun at the table read though! 
Paint to dark... Have to try again 2morrow. At least her room only takes an hour to paint.. 
Haven't twittered in foreva. Feeling like vomiting after eating my cupcake 
whoa one of the movies that is on a billboard in Cinemania I've seen: Startup.com not that great though  #trackle
11Somethin n i  feel horrible  ugh hope i'm not sick. Have to job hunt tomorrow
Have to go to some robotics thing tomorrow at 7am.  Ughh... :-\
Have to get up in 5 hours. Boo. I may be useless tomorrow 
@SooSpecial Thank you...I need it...Haven't went on an interview since 06 
Righty-ho then.  The M60 and M62 beckon me to work   Have a good day everyone.
@JonasRoxs4Ever yeah i was shocked they did! since they r totally anti-jonas  but i guess they realized i'm gonna love them no matter what
FAP Turbo - the autotrading forex robot! go http://bit.ly/6oZXCL --Has a bad feeling about college 
Successful story See http://bit.ly/vXOB3M --Has a bad feeling about college 
Ill.  Have no mood to do everything.
FAP Turbo - the autotrading forex robot! go http://bit.ly/6oZXCL --Has a bad feeling about college 
Have to leave school earily tomorrow for my last HPV injection   i will miss science and were puttong on a radio show lol its soo funny ,
Successful story See http://bit.ly/vXOB3M --Has a bad feeling about college 
Stayed up way too late again of course. Have to get up early tomorrow too 
@BoroChris Grrrr  Have to prepare a 'special' #followfriday shout for you this week then!
Well, first draft. Have to get the comments past the bitch of a boss. 
@MagicallyAdept Have I ever stopped thinking that... God how I hate RL. 
Have lost Sky Remote!!! Nooooooooooo! Have checked under sofa, in fridge and dishwasher.. Molly is happy am stuck on playhouse Disney 
@Galvinatwindows Thanks Fred but I won't be able to make it today. Too much work on  Have fun!
shares 2nd day is tiring than 1st day. I hate breaks! Break after every class! Have homeworks already for Russ10, Stat 135, and Comm3. 
Have been watching cute shirt on eBay. Ends tomorrow &amp; noone had bid so thought I had it in the bag. Alas, the bidding war has begun.  !!!
@HQ_Mattster I tried to download it this morning when I got up but it was a no go. Have to wait until I am off work now. 
BONUS Twitter Achievement Unlocked: Have *only one* person tweet to a hastag you have created ;) 
Have 23 items listed on eBay right now &amp; that number is growing. This is why I am permanently attached to the computer... 
Have SERIOUS case of Green-Eyed Monster!  Oozing jealousy from every pore........... I want to be Matt's! 
Haven't been getting paid. What. The. Fuck. Where's Laura?! 
Have major writers block reviewing new Placebo album. Thoughts are there, but they're lacking structure and articulation 
@1capplegate Glad U had a great time &amp; R home safe..Very sad about Samantha Who also!  Have a great day! ;)
@TutyFruitty Hey hey! Yessss back in Munich! Have to work again  And u? Are u alright?
Boohoo  Have to wait until 1 PM to download iPhone 3.0 firmware.
Have I mentioned that I hate jimmy Buffett's margaritaville? Annoying Ragbrai staple. Playing at the top of both passes this week. 
@tiffanill Yucky math  Booooo.  Have fun, if possible.
I can't believe this, Proof's dead since 2006. Haven't heard the news about his death. So sad. R.I.P. Proof. 
Ahhh. Headache.. Haven't had one of these in a while. Please make it stop 
Making a new beat. Very different from my stee. I think it's going to work for who I'm making. Have to study radiographic equip... 
Have a long day ahead work 2 to 6, class 7 to 10, gym 11 to 1 at GO station right now nd my earphones not workin  http://twitpic.com/7ml2n
@lizk723 Sorry to hear that!   Have u contact our Customer Care team?  http://bit.ly/Yx8Pb I'm also here to help if u want 2 DM me.
Just landed. Have tp go to work now. So sleepy  http://myloc.me/49VQ
@gsmbk @daddybird Damn! Wish I could join u guys! Stuck at work  Have fun and safe trip @daddybird
@mikasounds Buon viaggio! Have fun in NYC!! Jealousssssssssss 
@DAREALGC where have u been??? Have not seen u for days!!! Ivy leaving me  gunna need some friends lol http://myloc.me/4a4X
@DwightHoward Have you ever tried acupuncture between games?  not for SNL, sorry... maybe... nope, i have no ideas.   sorry!
Have to watch &quot;Mascara&quot; episode on CSI tom. But how? 
Have now confirmed why I could've never gone to law school. Bored to tears by legalese. And tax law's gotta be the worst. Totally evil. 
Have upgraded iPhone to 3.0. Seemed to work OK, now can't get off the &quot;emergency call&quot; screen because activation server is down.   
Cant though.... Have to budget! Mom is frontin up no more money 
Have the iPod flowing through the home theater system and my novel ready for a read! Life is GOOD! Oops... also a board meeting at 5 PM 
On the comp browsing. I'm bored. Have major homework to do thats due tomorrow. Argh! 
@yelyahwilliams I'm so mad I got screwed and can't be seeing you in MTL .. Have fun! 
Tried to use Dad's laptop to update phone. Laptop acted like phone wasn't even there. I hate Windows... Have to wait till I get back. 
Have tasted my way thru Lon for a yr. Must go back to US on Sun  Would love to tweet London's deliciousness as a last hurrah! #tastefringe
Precal Has truly made me an unhappy being 
NOW I'M LEAVING  I just logged in and I already have to leave, lovely. Have to do some math stuff, a living nightmare. Wish me luck xx
Hey Bitches.  Haven't been on During the show  SORRY 
Have a goood evening. Sorry 
Haven't eaten in a few days. No appetite. Food is my BFF dang.  anywho I'm out n about...have a good nite all...
Troy Marshall will be speaking for chapel tomorrow! Have to give it a miss  Leaving for Kuching for missions.
@KhloeKardashian Sadly not mee, Im going to Vegas in August  Have a great time there!
Started to paint and now it's so hot out   Have to get cracking in the am before the heat sets in.  I love making my house look awesome!
on xbl for some Call of Duty before bed. Have to open tomorrow 
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/7oigi - Woohoo! Have a great show. wish i was there 
I'm still at it. Haven't quit at all. Just took a small break.  #trackle
Have blocked some of them- they seem 2 be able 2 bypass &amp; r back  @d_hallucinatory  Block these guys!! http://twitspam.org/ #iranelection
Ouchhh.. Ever pull a hair thinking it was a loose hair but it was still attached to your head. It hurts. 
whats &quot;saposta&quot; short for? im clueless. help anyone? no one Ever answers me.   oh well. thats life. i guess...
Wiped ... volleyball is more fun when it is just my friends.  Missed SYTYCD  Have to watch tomorrow for the recap
@BetsyLackey YES it was! We just need to do it again when I'm not crunched for time...  Have a good night and I'm glad you like your Mac!
really bored. Has nothing to do right now. 
Haven't had power for two days. :/ It's so hot. Stupid storms 
Yeah...pretty boring. Have nothing to do. 
Have a personal appt late tonight! I need MA's. Only had 5 MA's in 18 days. Nobody wants to sell in my core area!! AHHHHHHHH 
@GirlfriendMAG Have you seen the one were she's rapping with T-Pain.. it's so  BAD!!! Not like her 
XPO, Have to bind to the object directly  no visual binding method if you want OnChanged to update your WinForms control of new value 
Bored! Have nothing to do today! Just Stand-ins for two actors....driving around in cars.....want to go home, but have to be stand-by.... 
Okay got OS 3.0 installed (yay) but itunes still says &quot;an iphone has been detected but it could not be identified&quot; (boo)  Have reinsta ...
Have we officially skipped summer? I think this is the 10th straight day on RAIN!!! 
@Lauraleethatsme  Have an amazing time in Rome!!! I'll make stir fry in your honor. I'm going to miss you!!!! 
@RikaRik Yeah I think so  Have an exam too. So its gona be tough. We'll sort sutin out tho! I'll check my timetable!
I am sooo sleepy!!! Should've gone to bed earlier 
@Travismtv Have you left SA? Damn man, we at The Times wanted to interview you  you'll have to come back so. Keep up the good work man
@hellonicolee yea. I Have VIP sorry 
@toxxxicjordan I would give anything for cloudy and rainy I think.  Hasn't rained in a month here.  Too dry. 
Phoned Nokia Regent Street store  to see if i can pick up a N97 today, they won't sell it until tomorrow.  Have to wait until next week 
We'll probably be here and working on the farm.    Have a feeling it'll be end of summer or Fall before we get out heinies up there.
Starting to feel this summer will be really shit. Have to go work experience with mum's boyfriend. Call that a start to the summer?! 
Have to miss LRO/LCROSS launch today due to a meeting.  Will DVR...
I apologize for the tardiness in live blogging from Atlanta. Haven't heard anything from our reporters today 
@__Gale__Girl__ Well I am glad he didn't call you again.  Have a great day, hun!
So. Exhausted. Have to turn my brain back on for more heavy lifting today. I miss caffeine 
I'm just wondering when the hell it's gonna stop raining! Has not been a very good beach season so far 
@S_Cunningham it breaks your heart when they say stuff like that.  Have fun though!
@TarynThomas Good morning back @ ya!! Have a safe flight!!! Oh btw, it's hot as hell here on the east coast.  Enjoy!! lol
Okay so no bus for me :'( Have to look after the guesthouse 
U r right.  Ever check out idealist.com? @xparanormalityx
Have been wandering around Manhattan alone in the rain for a few hours. Too much rain to take photos  lots of neat stuff to see though!
omg wtf del mar fair is on?? Ahhh! Wish it wasn't so expensive though  Haven't gone since I was 14. Hmm...
@mightymarce Ouch, that's a long time.  Have you written us for help/troubleshooting your speed? http://www.smugmug.com/help/emailreal
Just found out can't drive rental car into Czech Republic.  Have to change our travel plans. 
Heading to cousin's graduation at Lawndale HS with the familia! Mann, I got a bad sun burn from yesterday!  Lol Have a nice day everyone!
@MegganMallone Waking up alone =   Have a great time in Vegas!
Going to watch The Italian Job (1969) and then I'm off to bed. Have to get up at 6 am tomorrow  Not a good way to start the weekend ;)
Have this feeling Mom's gonna be home soon, so I'mma get off &amp; do what I'm supposed to now...  bye, twitterers... &lt;3
@spacedragon @Forkthief @pinandstutter Going to be stuck at work tonight!!! Have to cancel the D&amp;D game, for this week. 
@supermacsbomb ~ We're officially eighth graders! xDD I'll miss youu  Have a great summer, and throw another sleepover over the summer ;DD
@BNBuzz &quot;Into each life some rain must fall.&quot; Not funny! I am drowning in NJ! Have small lakes in yard now, but no rainbows or ducks  
laying in bed. Still missing spain!! Have to be up early. MATH EXAM 
Oeps.. wasted my whole evening doing.. well.. Nothing! Heading off to bed now! Have to work again tomorrow 
@Marisa_Ryan Awwww  Have fun!!! Be Safe!!! I cant believe youre leaving already!! Ahhh!
@iambriangreen Checking it out now. Have had a busy few days of work 
@hilsofhove Not much improved I'm afraid  Sneezing a fair bit and slight nosebleed again tonight. Has finished ABs and due back at vets
I said &quot;Have a great day!&quot; to this man today &amp; his reply was &quot;I don't have great days anymore. Just mediocre ones.&quot; Sad 
My wonderful napping plan has just been scrubbed. Have to go shopping for stuff for my BIG trip. I know right shopping YAY,but I'm tired 
Sorry I've been a bit quiet lately. Haven't been feeling myself... 
Have tickets to see @jamiecullum in Aspen tonight but no way to get there 
@AmyB34 Ewww. Have fun with that! 
Hmm! Attempt to sleep failed  now trying to concentrate on reading! Have to be up at 6!
Haven't gotten my room yet  and I'm dead tired! Aaah!
@carolista Whaaa? Should've read Tweets before I tweeted you lol. I'm off to Google it 
@_CrC_ Have a great show!  Wishin I was there 
Have fun at the Lincoln! I wish I could have been there.  Next year! http://www.prairieghosts.com/conference.html
Have yet to get him to sleep. Potty time, more water, songs and stuffed animals have not worked 
Gettin ready for  bed... Have to get up at 4 in the morning! 
@joelmchale I really WISH we were   Have fun and enjoy Cleveland!
Ok now... I need food in my system. Haven't had a real meal all day.  need my meds n sleep. 
@jodycones I just don't want the 21st to come. Ever. 
@dannywood I have seen EVERY concert that you've played in Montreal. I can't believe i'm missing this one  Have a blast
@JonathanRKnight I have seen EVERY concert that you've played in Montreal. I can't believe i'm missing this one  Have a blast
@joeymcintyre I have seen EVERY concert that you've played in Montreal. I can't believe i'm missing this one  Have a blast
@debraoakland  Enjoying my week as well, lots of work to do though. I'm still waiting for my weekend! Haven't had one in months 
@crowderband Wishing I could come to Student Life tomorrow. Haven't seen ya'll in about 3-4 years.  
@poinky Are you and @rubaiyat meeting up? You are the only 2 I know who are going to State of Play I think. Wish I was there.    Have fun.
Hitting the sheets after a bit of Jimmy Fallon. Have to be up at 7 a.m., really hate having to wake up bright n early. 
Have spent the day cleaning &amp; unpacking (still) while Tal's sat watched movies! So hate using tv to occupy him but had to get crap done. 
The new Ubuntu kernel broke my audio  Have gone back to the previous one
Have to pee SOOO bad just don't wanna get outta bed!!   Ughhh!
My Friend is off to Pakistan tonight    Have a Safe trip homie
@CHactingNYC Unlike you, me is not on vacay! Have to go to work everyday 
Haven't heard from him all day  now it's time for bed. I have checked my messages for the last time. Goodnight all. Have fun in HK love.
or 8 hours then leave   Custom sun   Have the feeling that I only worked 
Have a long day ahead of me tomorrow(6/19/09) working 8am-11:30pm  But only 8 more days til I am 21! 15 days til Coldplay! WAHOO!!!!!!!!!!
@TheEllenShow Haven't laughed like that in a long time!Wish I got a tennis ball  
Have a Misty's craving... the diner not my dog! Who btw is about to hate my guts as I have to go out and she needs to be put in her pen 
Haven't been able to sport a pink eyeshadow look in some time now.. Stupid red hayfever eyes 
Haven't seen @Leaper_ all day today aww  waitin 4 his call now nite nite.work at 7am again.my day off was too short
Morning all.  Have buggered my ankle completely in 5 aside.  Josh goes away on holiday thus morning with his mum and him.  Not happy. 
So exhausted. Going to fall asleep as soon as I turn the computer off. Have to wake up early again tomorrow and all weekend 
Urgh. Ill, so ill. Have the worlds worse ever sore throat, sneezing, and now developing headache. I wish it was #wineflu. but its not 
Writing an e-mail to my bro! Haven't seen him since last Christmas 
@loris_sl Hi luv. Have you published your book yet? And will it ever be available in english? I want to read it but cannot read Italian 
Have to go to Alex 4 biznis. Being white = serious = biznis. She won't deal with my associates 
Now that I'm out to everyone, and no one seems to care, I regret not doing this years ago. Could've saved me a lot of grief. 
is sick with a stress fever of 102.3. Ewwwww  Haven't slept.
@jameswragg If only mate. The line up looks pretty good.Have to go to Aidans wedding. Gutted  I'm going to make sure they have a shit day
@cessii &quot;Someone who is in Oslo atm? I'm bored! xD haha&quot; I like it... Say something else... haha... Have a drink of water 
Have A Cold  x
@Ubisoft i'm so excited! Have to finish the first one now 
Have I mentioned that I'm very pissed off with my BM marks ? I went from a bloody A1 to A2   
Have just watched about an hours worth of Zero Punctuation game reviews now can't read the Guardian seriously 
@mlbarnes2009 Michelle... you've been a bit quiet lately. You ok? Haven't heard from you.  XXX
@3heelshigh @aDeSe Uff is kanpuriya moh ne kaam ko bhula diya ..  ..!! Have to leave early to pack bag. Now I should work fast 
@wendybattles Wendy, I'm so sad we haven't made your list yet!!!!  We'll keep trying. Have a great day!
No Skiing this weekend...boo!!! Have to go to the races instead 
@Dyana_ I am so satisfied with the result. And I'm sorry that I've done this with no explanation!  Have you sunburned?
Bye bye twitterers out there. Have to go and study 
Have to call her college to ask for tuition extension or something like that since Dad is getting kidney removed 
@Lizibuff I got neither  Instead I got nausea and a big, fat pile of tax returns. Erggh. Have some of them
Upset with elder son for not doing well in exam. Have to lower expectation  console self that younger is more promising. Sigh...
@michellebranch isn't that like the 3rd time u r gonna c fleetwood mac in about a month lol. Ps. Has your album been delayed? 
Haven't even started loading vans yet, and its already def, DEF not the same w/out@chasquimorgan.  JBV2 #Ragnar http://myloc.me/4rJf
We are driving to atlanta!! We are in our van! Have not rolled in this van in years! So many memories! Kinda miss it! 
So, I read @nelsontejada 's post about vaca time and checked mine. About 3 days worth. Have to take it by 7/1. Immediately depressed. 
8-12 : still at the hairdresser. Haven't been under the dryer and I still gotta go to the Nail Salon. This turning into  an all day thing 
Sister cut her wrist badly. Has to get 3-4 stitches!!!! 
Have flatlined my iPhone playing about - oops. DFU mode to the rescue! but I lost any pics/messages from today  .
Too early to tell what's happening  Have to go back in two weeks to get a definitive answer. Thank you for all your kind words.
@slimchurchill  Quiet Corrupt Ahmadinejad! Haven't you got something you could be falsifying, elections, poll numbers, human rights etc 
David needs to eat faster  sooooo bored. Have to wait up front because the guys are eating, too...
Have just realised, I'm away with my Dad and have forgotten to bring his present and card 
Have to work.  #fail  Wishing I was with the Family in Battle Creek this weekend  #familytime #blamezatkoff
Damn! Missed skyways and Niazi too! Have to go via GT road now. 
@DaGodchild Oh, that's so sad  . Have fun with your Godchildren!!
Have to wait 'till tomorrow to get my iPhone 3G S  They're getting a shipment in around 12 tomorrow.
@tinricarte Whaaat?! No more Vegas? Dammit... I thought we were gunna get crazyyy again. Haven't seen you since like March, girl! 
Have fun @ salon @PriYaxX!!! Sux I'm busy. Realized I'm not gonna see u b4 u go 2 England 2 moro! 
@CandyWWGM  Have a cat called Harry ( http://twitpic.com/7ubv3 ) The calf was the second one that died at birth from four cows 
Pwnage Tool hates PowerPC  Have to wai until I get home to jailbreak 
This whole iPhone business is making me crazy!!! Have to go back to the Apple store 
@AGHChad I wish I could go!  Just too expensive for those of us who work in the service sector!    Have fun!!
Haven't seen Adam in forever! And probably won't see him until next weekend  But still excited for the weekend ahead.
I had the chance to leave at 10  Have to teach someone how to close. FAIL!
@Sweepea69 aww poor thing  that's good . Haven't heard from her!  Arent u so nice! So not Skye for you ? Ohh emm fucking gee!
@cswint Oh wow! Haven't seen him in ages! I'm sunburnt and stinky and nearing my bedtime tonight.  #squarespace
Darn! Have to return back to office this afternoon 
@rachaelbender No, not going to Chicago  I'm on crutches right now. Have a SUEper time!!
Have won vball semi - by one point.  Nothing left for final now 
@emriko Emily, you shall be missed those weeks you are away.    Have fun for all of us who can't be in Chicago with you.
I am always so busy and all I want is one free afternoon to sit and read  is it going to happen? Ever?
I just came back from Yamaha. Have to cut my nails. 
#dontyouhate When You Have To Fart.. But Turns Out You Have To Poo Really Bad  In PUBLIC!!
WHY?! Why are my BOOBS the only part of my anatomy that are allergic to the sun? Have mercy, por favor 
@ChristieRessel Serious? I've been going since I was a little girl.  Parents sold our place though. 
Scratch that.....Going to sleep. Have to wake up at 8 on a freaken saturday. 
@Cabrissi  oh poor La  I decided not to go. Dammit  Have to get this NPM work done and also some brochures 2 take 2moro 2 busmums thing
Ughh. Has work in four hours and still hasn't fallen asleep.  help!!!
Sun burns are noooo fun  I'm bored...sittin at home watching Bride Wars with my sister =D Have a good weekend everyone =D
Shoot! I forgot to lay flowers under my headpillow! Oh, man! Have to wait another whole year again then! 
@Snolly I lived in Athens for 10 years. I miss it.  Haven't been back to visit in a while. 
I'm ill! :O After the show! I Have a runny nose, bad cough and sound like a pig squealing! 
@indie_rockbaby @boy_v U guys are both quiet too. I'm tired but not anywhere I can sleep yet  Have work in the AM.
@ElleMcFierceson Oh, well. Have a safe trip, and say hi to everyone back home! I will miss you, too! 
Have been forced to learn the k/board sh/cut for reloading a page in Safari because I do not get the new location for the reload button 
Caroin Has goneee,, whyyy didnt halfwit gooo  x
Good morning everyone. Not ready to get up, Gym doesn't open until 7am. Have so time for myself. Feel more congested than yesterday 
@DonnieWahlberg Send you a TWUG and a SMOOCH! XO  Have a GREAT show tonight. Soo bummed I won't be able to make it out! 
@XakliaAeryn Nowhere glamerous I'm afraid  Have to go help clearout my new room @ the new place, it's currently loaded with junk.
@AnnaBokova wish we'd been able to see Shinedown  Safe journey tomroow hun. Have a great day xx
@C_S15 @RocketMinx Did you see the Burnout tweets!? Have you both got BSI yet? Sad @wilbossman is out. 
Bored bored bored, yeah i am bored. Have loads to do but i feel sick 
New #iPhone3GSorl delivered while @ work. Have to wait 4 apt leasing ofc 2 open @10a.waaah  Any hoo, much 2 do b4 get-away wknd 2 Atl.
@denial_island Glad you're having a great time! I'm envious...currently its bucketing with rain here  Enjoy the lovely weather - Have fun!
Off to the Metro Centre with The Beans soon for a little shop. Have a feeling it'll be packed 
@WildPaw Not surprised you are tired.Have London to Btn bike ride tomorrow so I have to work then.Miss out on BBQ with friends every year 
The weather is so gray. Depressing!! Have again a headache 
@NuttiNatti13 Jealous! Have a good swim - working until 5 or 6 today 
@mickeygomez Hi Mickey! Haven't been as much as I would like  Doing well. Always nice to see you!!
Another trip to IKEA.  Have my headphones on and am semi-dancing in the middle of the subway terminal. People probably think I'm weird.
@GlutenFreeMama1 I'm in TX, no tj's here either. Have to wait to visit my folks in AZ 
I can't find my iPod! Dx I'm like freaking now... Have you seen it?  lol
@lethebashar Funny! Have you seen David Attenborough's film on the sex life of snails...Gorgeous, truly gorgeous..This 1 will never know 
Frantic game of rugby live Tweeting for @RugbyBreakdown. Have horrible headache now, plus the Lions lost. 
I miss you DSi.  Haven't played for a week.
@donniewahlberg couldn't find u in Mohegan  it was a great show though. I will save my Twugs 4 u for another time. Have a great day xoxox
@DavidArchie Have fun tonight and the rest of the tour! I'm having a pity party 'cause I don't get to see you on this tour. Wah! 
@itseleen oooh! Have a good time! It's sprinkling in so cal  I want more strawberries. Hehe
@KarenAlloy  http://bit.ly/DOZp3  &lt;3  Have a nice day at the pool! Shame t's raining cats &amp; dogs her... 
@KarenAlloy  http://bit.ly/DOZp3 &lt;3  Have a nice day at the pool! Shame it's raining cats &amp; dogs here... 
@DavidArchie Look for a Canadian flag in the crowd, my friend flew down from Toronto for the show. I'm stuck here though   Have fun!!!!!
@nevadawolf I hear ya, Sister. Blocking spam is becoming a part time job.  Have fun with the new cache ideas!
@ShaePadilla I thought you were leaving today! I was gonna see you off   Have fun, the Proposal is funny.  As is Year 1.  I miss u!
@GalleryCat no go  I'm sure I'll see you play sometime in Dallas when i move back =] Have fun!
@SandraRose Have fun! You are not the witch of the east, so you will not melt. Its raining in Jersey 
Have flat to myself. What shall I do? Oh look, lots of studying to catch up on  But first, food.
hopes her Baltimore peeps have fun at Pride today; back spasms will not allow her to stand no parade for me  Have a few drinks for me OK?
on my way to Heather's for grad party...hoping to see @erikscottberg there!! Haven't really seen him since Thurs. 
Have been watching a Spotted Flycatcher in my parents garden for over an hour now. Too dull to Take photos 
@MzGossipGirl Was that you with the pic of Jenna J? Have you read her blog on myspace?  Ouch!! She likes Harvey but not you so much 
@markAchambers Heh nah not that ot today  Have to take it easy on Kerry with spicy foods since the op. Not as hot as I would have liked 
@mrsview ugh, I'm so jealous. I wish I was in Flag right now  ... Drive safe! Have fun!
@saintsisjane that's disgusting! Have they not heard of Rugby ;) sorry can't be nice really 
Finally made it to the gym! Haven't been here in so long! Shameful. 
@PillowPR Have a great season! I want to visit the Pillow 
Haven't played TF2 in a while.  
Have postponed the brick until tomorrow. No need to chance getting caught in a storm all by myself. Trainer it is for today. 
@Surabufix I have Sims 3 too, LOL! Haven't seen A&amp;D cause I didn't like the first movie. No twitter updates to my phone from you 
@DonnieWahlberg Have a great show tonite!!! The Bean misses u   That pic of u &amp; Elijah is too frickin cute for words!!! He's a mini-u!!!!
Missed Have I Got News For You. How tragic 
Haven't gone to bed yet. Mum went into hospital again today. Babysitting.  Killer headache.  At least it's sunny out, right?  ugh. fml. 
My dryer ate my favorite jacket   I was really upset.Have 2 get a new 1 which sucks.I loved that MCR jacket..ah the memories.This bites!!
Haven't tweeted all day! Bored 
@theocgirl93 http://twitpic.com/7y83s - OMJ!! ur sooo Luckyy i wish i was there  Have Funn!! and can u follow me please? (:
Year One wasn't as funny as I had hoped.  Should've just watched the Hangover again!
Having fun reading all my twits tweets. Haha. Hotter than h**l here is se wv. Have every fan running and still melting. 
@Chris_Gorham Do they reshow episodes of Harper's Island anywhere???Have feeling tonight's show will be interrupted due to weather 
I just want this to end.     Admit me, Idc; just get it to stop. :[
@mengtar  I'm sry hon, I wouldn't intentionally rub it in you face... HAH! Have fun at work. :-P
Oh, &amp; I don't think I'll me making it to event 3. Sorry Allee  can't be at 2 places at once. Happy bday again! Have fun gettin crunk!
@Janiece65 Not a lot.  Have to pack, so I'm up.  Also finishing some stuff at work.  
@webcrush yay!!!  Have a great day with her!! Tomorrow morning ... i leave my daddy for NJ... 
I'm so sad because I left my blue travel mug in the lighting booth and it disappeared. Has anyone seen it up there? 
@LaurenLee_ Moving from St Lucia to Kenmore this week. Have to start getting up earlier now as well. 
It's Twilight time! Haven't seen it in a while 
Have a headache, David doesn't feel good! 
@1freakofnature Going to work NOW?  Have a good night!
 sad to see friends go... Have a good drive back to Washington state Standfield Family. See you again soon!
SO glad to be back on a computer! Have things already clamed down in La Push? 
Just got back to my mom's. Night isn't over yet. Now we toast my dad with German wine. Have 2 wrk tomorrow at 10. Ouch 
Oh no. Have been awake since 5.30 with a yearning for roast beef &amp; Yorkshire pud. Sadly, I do not have these items of foodage available 
Jon im sure! Have to wake up early! No! 
Cousins woke me up so I could let them in the front door. Have to get up in five hours for work. Awesome. And my beffie is sad 
@kate_bee a lace? is that some drug lingo? I'm soo disconnected.  Come visit Greg and me in Davis! Have margaritas on our porch!
@Astara What is free RPG day? Have I missed out again? Damn my broken laptop! 
Have to go to sleep but this twilight book new moon is finally getting good! Going2chapters 19 poor jacob 
@heidi_heidi_ho Ugh lucky!  Have fun and take lots of pictures cause I wanna see themmmm
@softlysoftly Funny u should say that, I *did* just find one of the AC charger leaders for our camera gear. Haven't found yours  #tgshoc
@magicpotion Nooo I missed you!  Have fun with the sun ;)
Have to finish a PowerPoint presentation before tomorrow morning  #workingonSundaynight
Xron, Hairmann360, icedragon 1b Have arrived at Rs-Gamer office We are un happy due to changes made in meeting  I got tea to cheer me up
UGH! Have to tidy my room!  There's crap everywhere!!! Lol. Let's just shove everything into the wardrobe....
Have been listening to The Legend of 1900 over and over but still can't concentrate.  The music magic doesn't work this time.  
Have just watched Robin Hood on iPlayer very sad  cant wait for the series finale!
Awake at 7... Have been laying in my bed trying to go back to sleep guess it's not going to happen... guess I'll do laundry instead 
Is anyone leaving Australia any time soon? take me with you! Pretty please i beg of you! Must escape boredom....Have mercy    
@unahealy You know I'd LOVE to go - it's just me livin' in damn Australia !!  Have a good show though !! Xxxx
Have to go out today. Just want to lie in bed and read.  Then maybe a jacuzzy party tonight with some friends
My Olly pee blood. Sigh. Have to bring him down tmr for checkup. 
Have to go work at 12, Sea World has too many people during the summer 
Farcry 2 for me. Have to start it all over again! bummer 
Have had a really nice time here on the beach. Shame I got stung by a jellyfish whislt swimming 
Made it through the quarter finals after 2,5 hours (3 sets), lost in the semi-finals.  No match today. Have to play all week, next week!
@Fearnecotton Hey Fearny, When Is Lenka  On? Have I Missed Her  If I Have! x Mared
Have left Mr H in Hampshire for another week. Been home all of half and hour and missing him already 
Haven't gotten any sleep at the ER with anthony.  but he doing better now.
@Rikku819 LOL. Got to go outside soon. Have to pick up stuff like milk, bread, cat litter. 
@pjcooper That is extremely sad   I Have read the Book 'The End of Food' and I was quite shocked about the condition of our food supply.
10# 7oz!! Gone up 1# since the 6th! Haven't used much formula at all! So proud!  Shots are no fun at all, though. 
Have to get up early tomorrow  Economics test!!!!
@JohnLloydTaylor Have fun I tried to win tickets to the sound check party in Denver but it did not work out for me 
@interactiveAmy Probably going to miss this one.  Have an industry event at the same time.
@FearlessSon  Haven't they figured out yet that you wear a tie EVERYWHERE?
Prom dress shopping tomorrow with daughter! Haven't seen her in a dress for years! She blames me for the frilly ones I used to put her in 
@Tim_Wayne ........but we were gonna play Have You Ever and have Honeydew me ice cream off my abs...... 
My foot really hurts  is that bad? Has.
Carrying the iPhone 3GS. Computer glitch ate up my Fido $s. Had to pay full price now! Have to call back in 2 weeks to get credit applied 
@nikiblack You're 1st person I know to like beets...have a pile of them collecting from our CSA. Haven't found a way that I like them 
Have finally arrived in Austin and it's GREAT so far!!!  on 2nd floor but coworker went out while I took a quiz online for school 
@brianyc Anytime a person can't vote it's sad. Has nothing to do with CB personally, more the process. So yes, sad. 
Haven't even started Government and I already have homework?  This class is going to suck.  
@xFLIPSTARx   Have the producers gone AWOL?
@TeAsEtHiSGeMiNi wow just sayin right lol. Nah thou we do have 2 hit up BWW soon. Have 2 run my mama around right now ugh 
Have the worst headache  Target. Then yogurtland!
Have Zero time to be on twitter today/this week!  But am logging on quickly for a few minutes so followers will not feel I'm a dead end!
Off to bed... Have to be at work at 8AM 
@janiehobbs Thanks for TT offer, but will have to decline. Have analysed logistics &amp; it will be a nightmare. So sorry, would've loved it 
@kassy_luciano Sorry, we don't have a facebook page. Haven't had time to make one yt 
Ok, time to work.  and I was feeling so #tweetalicious today too! Have a great day, tweeps!
Have a feeling my macs hard drive is starting to fail.  Getting random freeze ups which is not good.  Hardware troubles everywhere 
Have you ever felt somthing is just wrong or like you just feel like somthings not right ?   Yup.. 
@kellbell68 Take care! Have a great time!...Sorry to hear about your Coffee Pot! 
@mikasounds Good luck in NYC tonightt! I wish i could be there  Have fun, lotsaaa love xx
Have a headache the size of @PerezHilton. It hurts.  xx
@jordanknight hey! Haven't heard much tweeting from you in the past couple of days!  Hopefully you are getting some R&amp;R. How is your b ...
@naenae0412 I work the 3rd  Have fun in Miami!
Haven't managed to give @ironrav the birthday he deserves, since I am ill with a cold. Cancelled dinner, surviving on Lemsip right now. 
Soooo tired and sore... Have to get up again in 7 hours.. 
@jasonboche - not sure. not chatted to Carl recently. Have you tried the beta. Tried creating an OVF with vCenter4. but it honks. 
Have a couple of limbs down on the big tree in the side yard.  Arborist is supposed to come today to give us an estimate. 
Have now built over 1900 peeps on Cat's tree.  Grrr, found another branch of sibs decendants marrying. Had to delete 45 dups 
@lollipop26 Hi! Is there any chance you know of any websites that ship Sleek makeup to the US? I've looked everywhere and can't find any 
@GinoandFran Guys! Have you watched Transformers? How was it? I can't go to Manila due to thunderstorms... 
Haven't tweeted for ages  I want an iPhone 3G S... they look AWESOME!
@Rachelle_Lefevr won't be able to make it this wkend  but I think your awesome &amp; Sydney loves u! Have fun! xo
@SongzYuuup Ever since you stopped following I got no new followers 
JB complete ... Phone operating ... Have to set up my apps again 
@Sumthn2c Nevermind now, The day is over.   Have a safe flight tomorrow.
Have to get an ultrasound tomorrow. Very nervous 
Have realised Its not so funny when its your Ipod thats frozen 
@HawkNelson4Ever I don't envy you - a project AND an English exam?? ugggh 
just woken up...  Has Geography today... 
No fair. @SVSN4Ever gets to be a singer. 
@piccolovtamayo Sorry I can't play on Sat  Have to cover NCAA opening.
@Miss_Nicks I wish I can be there  Have tons of fun for me!!! Tell wiL he's Jesus plzkthx!
@jtaby anything less than 1920 x 1200 is a travesty.  Haven't I been saying that for weeks now?  Meanwhile I'm stuck with 1024 x 768 
@SVSN4Ever Shut up. 
Have been in bed with a bad chest infection all day   Now on 1 hr conference call with Paris.  Think it's going to be a lo-o-o-ng hour
@vishalmathur85 Have work today  Next week will try and come down... Kool Hai??
Have to go now  Tweet later!! xx
@everyonelistens presume that should have been @thespiel and not @simpike. no Origins for me  Have you got the Dominion expansion yet ?
@pearllowe andI forgot to wish you luck for your gig. I'm so glad it went well. Have an amazing time at Glasto.  xxxxxx
@ladybug8320  Mornin Ladybug ! Have fun in yor lovely surroudings today !! 
@TaperJean_Girl_ Good morning!! Have you missed JK then  xxx
Hubby back from Cambridge for the night tonight , YAY !! Has to leave at 5 tomorrow morning to go back though . Arse 
Have to tidy my desk now, and then do some paper work, yay....UGH! 
@SparkPeople Have been exercising/eating well for 3 weeks and haven't lost a pound! Feeling very disheartened 
@GeordieGuy Have reread The Cat in the Hat. No mention of covering hair and/or eyes. To-do list item failed. 
@Hollycrapbatman  bummer... Have some alcohol!!! Hehe!
@williamstuart I wish I was there  Have an ace time, and make sure Yuni gets to see Lady Gaga! 
@Nat78 I Haven't been able to watch SYTYCD I don't have cable  *sniif* was it really good?
Anyone have any idea what is going on at trafficnowfire? Haven't been able to access it all day. Major advertiser down, can't be good 
@maximopark Wish I could be there  Have a great one and make sure you play Limassol! 
Annoying internet connection I have!! Hasn't worked all day. I decided to use a dial up one. Which works like crap and I has limited time 
@KarenScottRadar I attended Summerfest at least once from 1984 to 2004. Haven't been back since  and not on this trip. 2010 for sure!
@djmissnine We wish we were in Australia fullstop  Have an awesome time we know you will smash it
Have been painting for a couple of hours. At first it seemed to go OK but then it became a battle between myself &amp; the paintbrush. I lost 
The Last Ever day of grade 8. I'm going to miss every farhavener oh so much 
@gemmabeardmorex =O Hello stranger! Haven't spoke to you in aggeeeess  How're you? xx
Have to drive my brother up to Boca Raton.  Kill me now. Please.
@TwoPeasandPod Pretty good, just counting down to the weekend. Haven't seen the bf in 3 wks   Hanging in there is better than not, right?
My heart is Broken  but GO CaVS... Have to follow my baby!!! ;) #32
just won VIP pass to Warped tour..but only one!  Have to leave my hubby to go up onstage?
@tweetnotpurge1 just checked, am following U. Maybe something's wrong?  Have a GR8 Day Doll!
Bom dia, twitt population! Have a nice gray day! 
Drinking French Vanilla coffee @ work.Have to pack clothes 2night 4 my roady 2mrw.I dont want to leave @sneeke04.I want him to come with 
@peterfacinelli A fan I will always be, even though you never twitter me.  Lamo I know,I am sick in bed &amp; lonely &amp; bored.Have a good one.
It's raining here in the city. Have I ever told you guys how much I hate rain? Bah  
Is nervous he wont be able to get tickets to see Have Heart in Vienna especially as they are spliting after this tour 
Have to take my dog Tally to the vet today around noon. The underside of her tongue is swollen with fluid to the size of a small egg 
@wendy_bowser Thank you for the kind words!  I appreciate it.  Have a great night 
@ddlovato I am so FUCKING jealous of you girl. Have fun though  xxx
@pkahleeb how that big baby boy doing? How are you and Em doing? Have you figured out you may never get a full nights rest again? 
OMG .. Have to load up the iPOD off to Fresno tomorrow.. I need to stay entertained.  Leaving at 4 am urrrggg!
@JonathanRKnight Hello there Jonathan! I didn't know you tweet.  Have a good nite
@mariannemarlow Hehe Watch out for it tho  Have a great morning at your end...
@peppysophia Welcome! Have a nice (twe)Day 
Have a massive headache for a long &amp; fucking BORING day shopping for linen &amp; crap for my new room but I do now have a Metallica ringtone 
@gfalcone601 Naw. I wish I was in London.  Have a nice day.
@sillypucci   Yes and it won't be long before you are playing easter bunny too! It's so much fun Em.  Have you been well?
@Dutchrudder Saddle up the buggy! lol How cute! Have a great day Steve &amp; take care, thinking of you  Tweet you later xx
Hitten the hay. Have a good nite everyone. Nighty nite. 
@Robi27 Has a happi yes! 
Have received my first title name      &quot;Creative technologist&quot;
@PaulaAbdul Have fun at the studio, Paula! I'm rly excited about ur album. It was so awesome to watch you perform on Superbowl before. 
@mileycyrus Dang, you're up already?! Have a good day!! 
@eveforhermcr_xx Hahaha that's so sad, poor mom! Have you seen Coraline? Ahh I really want to meet Lyn-Z she's great 
@Abbie12 Have a great time and take care. 
Have been convinced to do the second talk at tonight's DJUGL. I'm hoping not to become too regular a feature 
Good night Twitterverse. Have missed you all today with my running around. Looking forward to #Canucks bounce back game tomorrow 
Coffee is ready! I will be showing homes this morning, you can always reach me on my cell.  Have a great day!
@McZoe Have a fab time in Geordie Land mi dear!  Don't get up to too much mischief!! ;) xx
@BruceBrownNC WOOT! Have a good meeting! 
@Darchak oh, I should catch up with S. Africa news too some day  Have a nice afternoon!
By @worldgolf Have you seen Mio Destino Lingerie's sexy golf-themed skivvies?  http://twurl.nl/q7t3rj #-golf #lingerie
Have my Echocardiogram in 3 hours, as they say they need it for the WLS RNY, hope it all goes OK. Just like a &quot;Human MOT&quot; I guess  .
Morning! Spring took the day off..it just got 2 darn it. I have work, errands, gonna read more &amp; work on my own novel. Have a great day! 
@nellypt Thank you I thought it was. Pass it around. Have a great day Luv ur stuff 
http://www.ikeonline.net @JohnKFaye: FAVORITE song of yours, love everything about it. Wish I were enrolled this morning! Have fun! 
Have a gig in Northampton at the racehorse tmw night 
@georgegsmithjr ok thanks! I ordered 8 pairs online too! Only cost me $106! Kids cant wait to get them! Have a great day 
@Sevdolo ha ha! Kam told me he wanted mini burgers from Jack n the box so he could get the girls! crazy butt!!  Have a good day patna!
Just ate some fruit and egg whites...keepin in healthy today. Goin for a run then starting my dayyy!  Have a good day to all.\
Just ate some fruit and egg whites...keepin in healthy today. Goin for a run then starting my dayyy!  Have a good day to all.
@blueglitterfish Have a great day at ATWT, Cady!!!!   
@cenedrawood congratulations!!! Wait, i mean.... Have fun! 
Just got back from band practice.  Have a gig tomorrow night.  Sounded pretty good for not playing for a month... 
@AmyStark UR most welcome Amy!  Have a great wknd!
going to work on my myspace some more. Has to be done! add it - www.myspace.com/leerawr 
@markmcnulty cool, looking forward to seeing it.  Have a good gig at the Academy tonight, sooooo envious! 
@Jarnaldo I'm envious! Have fun in Germany 
@LowieGal Have fun! Vodka is good. 
@HoptonHouseBnB Have just emailed you Karen 
I'll be on Twitter in 10 Hour from now  See you &lt;3 Have a great weekend ... lots of LOVE
Beautiful Shinny day in SoCal. Have you shared a smile with someone yet? 
@marinmaven Thanks for the shout out!  Have a great sunny weekend in Marin! 
Have a great weekend, the sun is splitting the stones in Dublin, Dont forget your sunscreen 
@RealHughJackman Thanks for the interview we just had, it was great, man! Have fun in Berlin! I'm looking forward to the next junket! 
@KTLAMorningShow Have a great work-out , Gayle 
@Wossy sounds like you guys liked it a lot. Now I'm really excited. Have fun 
@anaperiodista coachella ? really you? cool wouldnt have thought 
@NLiukin - Have a nice flight!  Whatcha headed to FL for?
@alekandsteph Very nice! Have fun 
@PreciouStar Lol. Most Definitely!  Have A Goooooood Day! 
Just got off work, going golfing &amp; dinner with friends. A banner day here in the Twin Cities - Sunny &amp; 70 -  Have a good evening  Four !
@Tallis33 I'm so jealous!  Have a great time 
Home for the weekend. Going to get a few things done here in the office. Have to pick up the family at the airport around midnight. 
@koryou Logan/Remy ftw  Have you read the fiucs by creedcascade??? They're v.good *nods*
@tal2706 Let me know if you have any questions while at the mall of america. Have fun 
@heidimontag Have fun. I'll go to bed now.  It's 2 AM here in Germany. And its rainy and cold. Have a nice day!
@dannywood Hi Danny! I wish I could be there. Trying to call and it's gone to voice messages. Want to call me?  Have to ask.  iTwat
@joeymcintyre Thats awesome Joe!! Have fun with it 
@DonnieWahlberg Have a great show tonight!!  Enjoy your brief time off too!!  I appreciate all you've done for all of us   Jenn from Vic!!
@ScottyBeane Goooood!!! I've missed you guys! Have only been able to tweet a few times a day! Having a great time in Tampa  How are YOU!
@THEDAYTRADER888 - thanks! Appreciate the advice.  Have a great weekend
Vino is good! Have some 
@sayhello_walrus Corrupting the youth of yet another nation, I see.I was watching Zim too last night  Haven't called for lack of monies.x
@BrokenDoll  Have an amazing weekend   Schwin Schwin  (sound effects)  
Ah. Going up to bed. Have a god night everyone 
@ncbadboy4life Have a safe trip...God bless!! Try not to get too lonely!  ANY AMOUNT!!!! lol
@ShannonLeto You are gorgeous. Have a good weekend. 
@itsmeduh woop! Doin it real big I see! Have 5 more and then you'll be at my level ha miss u mama 
@sbirr Same here! Have a nice day! 
@achristopherf unfortunately I can't because there's some family commitment... Whole day long... Have to dress up and get ready now .. 
@JonathanRKnight one can only imagine what the boys were up to ... LOL  Have a good one and goodmorning from Belgium!  
Hello cloudy day ! Today I'm inspired...  Have a nice sunday everyone !..
@ronanofficial At Rove already? 'lol' Have a nice one..!!  
@toxiccupcakeCxC LOL I can only imagine.  Have a good nite. Crashin early. Glad to see u were feelin betta.
Have moved on to SG-1 to combat previous post. Huzzah for the new 
@WollemiPine Makes SLIGHTLY more sense if you do...sort of. Have a good one 
Have lots to get done today! Garden, photography, then college homework, all to be done before lunch  Then out for afternoon with kids 
@e_walsh Okay, I will give it another try. Have a nice week-end... 
@JasonBradbury Have a great show. Yesterday's was great  Jon ok after the race yesterday?
@SamanthaPadilla I come home tomorrow. Oh well. Have fun and I'll see you later this week hopefully 
@Loquacities I've been a linux user for, oh, a decade now  But loving the new Ubuntu. Has really broken through a barrier this time.
@davidandletty A big warm welcome to you from Holland  Have a great sunday!
@Wossy Have to eat the eggs (choc ones) else they go white if left.  Like you say, there's always tomorrow 
@stephenfry Wow. Very nice. I've had a walk around Draycott nr Rugby (W Midlands), big river, swans, peaceful, lovely !! Have a nice day 
@DonnieWahlberg Glad that love runs you  Thats so awesome!!Have a good day!!
@michaelgrainger Thank you! Haven't heard that one in ages! 
Have you got a property to sell/lease?? Feel free to list it @onlineproperty www.onlinepropertyseeker.com - Absolutely FREE * Cheers 
@StaciJShelton @JimHunt @Iconic88 G'morning! It is always a blessing to wake up each morning to your tweets. Have a fantastic day! 
@Salena Have a wonderful trip!! 
Have just got twitter  Add us x
@ddlovato Have fun sleeping xP and tell me how pretty it is in Spain 
@hyundaiman Hi stranger!  Haven't chatted at you for a bit. How you feeling?
Have finaly arrived in Southampton 
Some of my blog redesign is done. Have a look and give me some feedback   http://bit.ly/Xq8Sc I'm off to sleep now... night all.
@David_DB Morning!  Have a great day too ;)
@TheDangerMagnet Hi there TwiBloggy friend!  Haven't been online much lately. How have you been? 
@veldagraydon I looked for @Oprah too after she mentioned that she tweeted on twitter and found her too.  Have a glorious day. 
@rayfoleyshow Testing 1-2-3.  Are you getting this?  Have I managed to send my 1st message on Twitter? 
Wait a second...Have you guys seen our video commercial yet??  If not, check it out at http://TwitPWR.com/cx5/  POO! 
Updated my &quot;about&quot; page of my website.  Have a little lookie-loo    www.chrisgosnellphoto.com
@Otaku_Teri I've joined your Twibe, now it's your turn to join the JapanSoc Forums: http://forums.japansoc.org  #jsoc
The &quot;Only Backup Device You Should Ever Have&quot; demoed by the wonderful @Cali Lewis!  http://bit.ly/42Q3GM
@PublicityGuru TY 4 posting this ...Have 2 chk it out! 
@wendywild Fret not, you're still a beautiful girl and people will continue to love you no matter what...I think :-P. Have a good show 
@LuciaLillo Have a great day:0 TTYL 
Have played by Howard Elliot thingy album today.  I really like it.  Well done me 
@atomicpoet: ~ how many hrs/day do you sit at the computer? Do other activities? Eat much? Physical activity? Have friends? 
@crosas87 OMG!  HAHA!  I was listenin to Whitney today too HAHA!!  It's not right, but it's ok!!!    Have a great day Mister!
Off to a late start. Have a lot to do today. Yardwork, laundry, moms garden, fix dads computer.... off I go... 
@PaulaAbdul wow  Have fun, love to dance! Wish I was even a quarter as good as u are xxxx
@k_rab Welcome to twitter world!!   Have you downloaded tweetdeck or are you yet to discover that new addiction!? xx
(Have a glorious week filled w/limitless potentiality, be blessed,aware of the love in your life &amp; in yourself &amp; just BE. I love you. xox 
@PaulaAbdul Have a great time dancing Paula 
@joethemusician Thank you,  Have a great day, Love you.  I'm going to take a nap with Mom,, maybe even sleep.  
@randymatheson Wish I could go to An Horse. Exams are buggling up my schedule though, of course.  Have fun!
@erinshawstreet JEALOUS! Have fun!! And then tell me all about it. 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/3lwfk - Have fun in spain!!! We love u! Next time come to Barcelona u would love it! I see u june 13 
@mrskutcher is the link available? Have been a fan since GH. Thanks for being so accessible.  New 2 twitter not sure how it works. 
@vilpponen Sunny but cold  But it's nice to see the sun nevertheless. Have a great week!
Wait a second...Have you guys seen our video commercial yet??  If not, check it out at http://TwitPWR.com/cx5/  POO! 
Layin in bed.. Hopefully I feel better in the AM... Have a long week ahead of me 
@michael_saul  Have a fun week in SF!  Have a drink at the Tonga Room for me.  
Have started a new Etsy site!! so excited  Decided to call it minicyn.
@KarinaSchulz oh dear .. hope you are well, even with less sleep. Sun is coming back today .. hopefully that helps a bit  Have a great day
@MissKeriBaby Welcome in Germany  what are your tasks here? Have a good time
Have a busy week, starting with a meeting in London today. Already done 3hrs this morning in prep 
@astrid_amalia - Amazing! I've heard of someone who actually use 7. 
I'm new here! So I just want to say HY!  Have a nice day guys. xoxo
@essence_thapoet Yes I am.  Have you been before?
@Serendipi Why are they trying to find you? What have you done?  Have a nice time in Newmarket!
@Lady12s Have not been here in a while, but i am loving your new pic and seeing your name...we share the same name. Bendeniz Deniz 
@dannywood Yeah, ladies wanna see you in good shape on  the cruise  Have a nice day!
@hardcharger70  Good morning Jim. Remember, any day off work is better than a day at work    Have a good one!
Just cheking my uni grades list. Has been a pretty good year, so far only 8's and 7's. 
@ravindra1982 Sorry for the delay, saw your message now. I'm doing fine. How are you? Have a nice day! Here in Brazil is just 8:23AM! 
@tnmskeena08 yes, but I'll know for sure when I get my schedule. Have an extra drink for me in Vegas, and happy early birthday 
@C_DIG Amazingly they are still there too! I thought for sure this group of spammers would be gone by now.  Have a great day!
@JonathanRKnight Wasn't Brittney's show good?!! I caught it when she came through Dallas.  Brit's back   Have a great day!
@Marialuvsmusic Have a great day, Maria!   
@mcflyharry Finally a Harry tweet!  Have a great show sure you will be amazing as usual!
@Jon_Favreau Have a good day at work bro 
@SophieNtais ....&quot;Have I told You lately, that I Love You?&quot;  XXxxXX
@imPLastic @GothamDiva @NEKLORMAS ---- HAPPY 420 !!!! Have funnnn &amp; get loww 
@candacetodd good morning Candace! thanks for the twitter welcome - it's fun to be here. Have a great day!! 
@trevslovelyface Yeah, I'll probably end up sequinning! Have some tea and some fresh air and you'll be fine!  xx
@TokyoDriftMovie Oh what I wanted to ask?Have you seen Fast&amp;Furious 4? I thought it was a good movie. 
ROR, fonctionnel  Have fun now 
@joshpenny Hey Yalie! Have loads of fun exploring Yale hun. Keep big sis updated 
@chris_coltrane Good to know everyone's entering into the Center Parcs spirit.  Have fun, love!
@pamelajdot You ARE awesome!! Have a good day Pam! 
@carlottamattox awww! Congrats Car!!!! Have a wonderful day!!! 
@michaelskolnik thanks Mikey! Have a fabulous week 
@ScottATaylor Have a great flight! Say hi to the ppl with my money! 
@NatalieAdcock Sadly not. Haven't ventured out of my street all weekend. I'm complemented that I have such a memorable look, though 
@ErikJHeels Wish I was there!!!! Have fun!  Go Sox!
@JanaAlyssa Oh, I have to see that movie too.. Have read the books and saw the first movie, but not the other 
Freezing even though I have the heater on. Slept with the electric blanket last night. Have officially become total wuss. 
@30daysofbikram Go you!  Only 11 more days to go. Have you tried doing doubles?
Okay folks, time for bed........again.... Have a great night 
Just got up.. off to school!! Gonna watch 17 Again with Ranou!!  Have a nice one!
@stephenfry Stephen Have you ever tried the remarkable, challenging &amp; detailed www.isittuesday.com ? From one voice of games to another 
Wait a second...Have you guys seen our video commercial yet??  If not, check it out at http://TwitPWR.com/cx5/  POO! 
Wait a second...Have you guys seen our video commercial yet??  If not, check it out at http://TwitPWR.com/cx5/  POO! 
Mornin everyone another beautiful day here  and only 2 hours before the gates open! Have a good day
@SomersetBob oo -happy birthday Bob!! Have a great one 
@BlokesLib Night night sweetie! Have a great one! 
&gt; @phillipgibb: Have any thoughts on Fatherhood &amp; wht makes it successful?// Your guess is as good as mine dude! Ask your wife - or mine 
Off to post office. Has &quot;things&quot; to send 
Early Start today 4:15am Have somethings to do today. Can sleep so got up 
@FakeCedric Have a good day Ced 
@Aur1 Saw your tweets and I just wanted to say hi! I'm pulling an all-nighter to finish some work. Have a great day, and be good! 
@KindDog HI! not in danger of being blown up.  TNT is a courier company.  Have just tracked my package online &amp; it is nearly here 
@hpals You'll have to take a picture!  Got u added 2 my Flickr &amp; will pay a visit later   Have a great day!
@Ste1987 Have fun!  Their show looks awesome.
@dbrodbeck Tx, I'm using #PeopleBrowsr, so not install needed.  Have you thought about doing a 5min prez @ Ignite Sault? You'd be great
Bored as bro, got nothing to do. Have work tomorrow 
@mcflyharry Goodluck! Have an awesome show, yeah? 
YAY! HouseTrip's Blog finally ready! @housetrip.com Have a look and let us know what you think. We are always open for feedback! 
i am missing cathy torres and so excited for her!!say hi to Micky!!  Have a safe flight  love ya
Hmm.  3:30 A.M.  Have just enough time for 2 and hours of sleep.  A full night for me.  
Have a singing lesson with Harri later, am looking forward to it muchly! 
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun !  &lt; 333
@perrilewis @salcg @happyhouse Have you guys met? You have a lot in common! Guardian, crafty stuff. Spread the love! 
@jefflwilson That's really awesome Jeff...very generous of you! Have fun 
@Simply_Positive Ohhh, sympathies re allergies &amp; headache. Have a good healing sleep! 
Have fun tonight   Wishin' I were there!!
Uploading the first song on myspace! Divergent! Have fun! Download &amp; share 
@nick_carter Yo send mba my love! Ask him to get a twitter soon! Show him what he's missing in the Twitterworld.. Have fun at the show! 
Have a good night Twitterville. Catch y'all later. 
@DrDavidBallard ~David, awesome tweets! Am honored for your follow &amp; gladly reciprocated. Have a great weekend.  
@melissa_snow sounds great! Jeez...I wish I could be there! Have fun! 
Good night Twitterland. Have a great weekend. 
@johnkremer Thanks for the follow, John. Have a good weekend 
@minimalcha Girl you are a blip fiend! Have fun over there 
Have you seen this yet? http://tinyurl.com/chgpxx - AMAZING! 
Sorry gotta get off my designated driver is here!  Have a great weekend everyone.
@VampireKitten Welp, there will be other Bats Days and other scene-related events.  Ever go to Sinister?? Have fun tomorrow! Err... today!
Hello world. What's up today? Have a nice day, everybody. 
@ChristineCaine run Chris RUN  good 2 c u yest. Have a great day - we're going bac 2 holland this avo - so pumped! Xoxo
Yay for the long weekend!  Have lots to get ready for our BBQ tomorrow so a trip to the supermarket first I think !
Have a GREAT weekend everyone!  Take care and be safe but most of all have fun! ~  #fun
@Abbywhite32 Come on get a picture on here!!!!  Have a good skate this morning 
@SrKaR What a lovely piccy  Have fun with your day!! XX
@lorenzHeil Glad you're feeling better! Have a top day! 
Have to apologize for writing Little Feat wrong in my last update 
@LittleDishy Oh goodness, and here I was thinking I was productive!   Have fun!
@miss_lautner Aww thank you. you too. you're awesome! hehe. I'll letcha know bout Jonas later if its good or bad. Have a good day! 
@T4Texas THANK YOU You'all  Have a Great Day !  
@mayorsam @tgeisler THANK YOU for the #FollowFriday. Have a Great Day !  
@nkotb Congratulations Tatiana  Have a blast
Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to work I go!  Have a great day!
@Misato517 Have a nice GW!! 
Re-pinging @asexynyfemale: @mzkane fuck you for having sex?!! Have an orgasm for me!! Wow turn on 
@BOBCHUA Have a great Anniversary...turn on that Charm  
@ustreetmike Have fun! Hope u were safe in the rain last nite. Was really horrible. 
Alex has now lost 2 won 2 so is feeling much more confident  he wants win a rosette! Have now resorted to radio 3 in the car to kill time
Have just arrived in Moscow and the ESC host welcome was fabulous... will upload pics soon!!!!! 
@lindsaymwalker Better things await you   Have faith
Uh Have I got news for you was hilarious this week, and hosted by the one time Mr. Rochester, which means it was technically still work! 
@CHERYLtheArtist Oh great your plein air class! Have fun and let me know how you get along 
Migrated from bed to sofa... Haven't began studying today, busy night tonight so I need my rest 
@burtonct Milwaukee   Have fun in the 'born
Have just taken pain-reliever tablet and applied Voltaren emulgel on my neck.. 
@Philhellene Woohoo!  Have you tried biting diagonally opposite ends off a Tim Tam then drawing of tea through it? Yum!  x
@MariSmith Have a safe trip doll - was thrilled to meet you at #IPS09 
@thefore  Hi! I am French so I don't speak well english ;). I Have heard your music in your my space and I realy like that! 
@jenessa17s HAPPY BRITHDAY!!!  Have fun!  
is awake.  Have to work this afternoon, then take Ri to Victory for Peter Pan Pics 
@MrsDDoubleU  OMG can't wait to hear/read how it goes!!! Have fun 4 all of us at home!! 
@Lady_Stylezz Just passing by to say hi!! Have a great day 
Trying to wake up. Have to head into work today and sell more beer, hopefully more Scotch too. Last night a 31 Tomatin left the store 
@sharper865 Happy to oblige! Have him follow all of us as well. 
@Jollybgood I'd show up, but I gotta get ready to take The Fam to FCBD!  Have fun!!
Ahh, what times Britains got talent on? Have I missed it?! Catch up, here I come! Ahh! 
@EricaSpindler Have a great weekend too. I'll be reading Last Known Victim now.  I rate things on &quot;weRead&quot; so it'll say what I think too.
@idolkatelyn Keep enjoying that beautiful weather, it is cold and rainy here in Northern California.  Have a blessed weekend...Joy 
@NKOTBfan4Ever09 I will! Thank u! 
@johncmayer Look forward to seeing you in OK &amp; US Weekly with your new girl of the week...lol. Have a great weekend 
@JhaBaby peace! Have a goodnight..I got ya email too. Blessings! 
@mutemonkey hey hey gorgeous!  Thank you so much for coming the other night   Night was BRILLIANT!  Have netball tonight, but call u after
@davidarchie good morning!  you're probably awake. It's passed 2am here in Ohio and I need to go to bed. Haha. Have an awesome day! 
Arrived in Sofia. Have a whole day of lazy before me 
@Gecy YAY!!! Have fun 
@KSBong I hate the that Pac-Man music, it's really creepy! Have you finished filming? 
@KhloeKardashian Wish I was in Vegas... Have fun and cant wait to hear stories 
@o0suz0o Nope off to Duxford today, car show and tank rides!? I'm just going to sniff the aircraft ;-) Have a good day 
@InLuvwithJON Congratulations!! Have fun 
@SyllliAszJamal Have you watched the fight? Classic! 
@mileycyrus I'll be in Atlantis in spirit! Have a amazing time 
@ollieparsley Oh my god, you're old, but I've got another decade on you! Happy birthday! Have a great day. 
@ChamberKnight Well done. Have a Gold Star http://sn.im/g-star 
@mnjLOVEjobros hey! Thanks and no problem!!! Have you seen JONAS yet? 
@OLMMark Yeah, just wrote something. Just published it, actually. Have a third glass of wine left. Bed soon, I guess.  How are ya?
Have cleaned out my inbox.  All intern applications received to date have been responded to.  Feel caught up 
@LF_IG64 Oh I loved Quantum Leap.  Haven't seen Dollhouse yet. I wonder if it will be coming to the UK.
@ThankTank @suzimcdowell getting ready for church.  Devil at work already... Have such a terrible headache but fighting 
@apostlethatroks  Happy birthday!! Have a great day!!  
@SherriEShepherd Fortunately we're still awake here in Australia.  Have a great day! XOXO
@mileycyrus Atlantis is beautiful! Have a great time and a rockin' show   Wish I could take the hubby and kids down to see!
@DHughesy Loved your stuff Hughesy. Have a good rest of your night with your bubba's. 
@rollandteo POS?! Oh ya Emerge is back this year. haha. I'm booking in now. Have fun! 
Off to the zoo in a few.  Haven't been in a couple years.  Excited 
Download this talk with Dino Esposito http://bit.ly/AlXIt , put on your iPod and go for a walk or bicycle ride. Have a nice day 
@revandy Cool. RenFest. Have fun. Say hello to the exposed breasts and turkey legs for me. 
@emmacrook Hope it stays sunny for you and you stay awake to enjoy your roast! Have a good one too!  Tweet you later x x x
God gave me the opportunity to wake up out of my sleep today SOOOooo let me take advantage of it  Love You Tweeples! Have a beautiful day!
@cancerscore Hi!  I am quite well today. I feel a very good day coming on!  Have a Beautiful Day!
@DavidArchie Have a great show tonight in Ipswich! Haha what a funny name lol. 
Have finalised Book 2! 
@MLRomine Now that's a picky squirrel. Well, it's his loss. Have a nice day! 
@Lanakynd haha Do you have broawband internet? Have you seen the tmobile at home deal? Get a carrier that's best in your area. 
@Numberrr2 Eh, I try  Have fun at the flea market. Buy me something too!  ;D
Kinda beat from bowling last night. Had fun   Going to visit a high school classmate I recently 'found'. Haven't seen her in 42 years!
@Teddy_Salad LOL, we could always take up a collection! Have it hand-made, that could work! 
@sammulchan Have fun!  I went to Iceland before...beautiful there...have to see your show ???? soon!! 
@tgeisler THANX for the #FollowFriday. Have a wonderful day! 
@mayorsam THANX for the #FollowFriday. Have a wonderful day! 
Have you ever been, like, ooberly tired and weren't able to fall asleep? It sucks. Majorly. So, since im wide awake, talk to me tweeps! 
@twitseeker  Thank you so very much! Have a great evening and its nice to meet you! 
off to have a McFLY jam session. Haven't had one in a long time 
@b_club Have a GREAT time &amp; send Donnie my love!!!!!!!  Be safe!
@sun_ho Have a great trip to NYC!!!  Keep healthy &amp; happy!  
Have Some Hindi Gumbo  ? http://blip.fm/~5iwt7
@Jay_Apparition @collegiate Have a good time studying and good luck on your exams/papers and stuff! 
Have red UT sand in my lash extensions! 
@b_club Hey Tay! Can't wait to see the footage. How about sending us a twitpic in the meantime? Have fun! Say hi to DDub and all for me! 
ChinoXL Mann Has A Sexyyy Voice 
@DonnieWahlberg wish I could be there, but I'm stuck in Merced!  Have a blast of great fun! 
Ok tweeps, finally finished my movie, off for bed! Have a great night! 
Okay I'm out now. Have to go to work...see you all later 
@MsPonita Thanks! I'll do my very best. Does it help to know that I'm knackered too? ;-) Have a good sleep to follow your productive day 
Aloha blip land. Have a pow wow day  ? http://blip.fm/~5j7en
@DavidArchie 2/2 Here's the candle link  http://tinyurl.com/crpql8  Have fun today! 
@DarleneZschech Ah!So jealous  Have an amazing, inspiring time over there, lookin forward to hearing what's happening&amp;reading your tweets!
@DavidArchie OK David, talk later  Have a great dayyyy ay ay ay ay
@velvetella Bye ! Have a great time being whisked away 
Have a huge block of snack chocolate here. Tis calling my name already 
I'm going home now. Have you seen my new twitter design? Quite....heavenly isn't it? 
- It's time for Kathleen to go to bed... waaaaay past time. Don't expect to hear from me before noon. lol  Have a BLESSED morning. 
@TiaSparkles  Yeah, I should at least try myself.  Have a good night &amp; visit with the Chiro tmrw!
@PokerNostra Indeed. Have a nice week! 
Been working on a framework for web based #SL application. Have product registration, server, login, site, security, &amp; comms all done 
@KristinaHorner Wow, you're car's awesome! Have fun with Alex. 
@GeekWearsPrada Have you been going to the Trop for the last 5 years?  No more games for you!  
Thanks @Mosskat you little star! Have been offered to come to JA for a weekender but dunno if I can afford to go. Looking into it now... 
AP gov exam. Haven't looked at this stuff in months. What's that? I'm a total legal nerd and know these cases like none other? Oh, yeah. 
@Catwoman123 Have a good one 
@grentone If you have specific questions, let me know. Always good to have them when writing stuff. Well, I am off  Have fun!
Hey David! Gone on the Eye yet? It's my birthday, and you singing @ Ipswitch-best present ever! Have fun breakfast hunting! 
Heading to the U of Utah hospital. Have a great day everyone 
Offline.... Have to give private lesson now and eran some money 
@J_Stathamfans1  You sure are dedicated...Gotta love that!!!  Have a great &amp; productive day 
@YESandME Mornin' birdie!  Have a fun-filled day sweets. 
@RobertHoliday @mmichelle35 @missjo_ladie - G'morning...  Headed into the classroom now. Have a good one.
@dannywood lol good morning!  Ran 4 milles &amp; hit the gym?  Have a great day!!!  
Haven't worn this hoodie since SXSW. Forgot how amazingly comfy it is. 
@babycakesjk I know, It's so crazy! I love using it too  Have you seen my YT recently? I am a partner now  xx
@clemchaz Thank you so much!  Have a fantastic day!  
@sea_breez Yer please do! Have a good day! 
@MatReesUk Has to be a Mac! Believe me - you won't regret it 
@FunkySteph Thank you! I hope you have a great rest of your day! Have you had your afternoon coffee yet? 
@ianweiqiang Interesting Combination  Have a great one ;)
@amcmoore Have fun, hon! Ooh, look what a poet I am. 
Packing for Florida  What's the liquids in a carry-on rule - 3 or 4 oz? Haven't flown in over a year
Watching the film Real Women Have Curves  Why are good films on in the middle of the night?
Have to eat my veggies today.Mashed corn and string beans.But have steak along on the side 
It's not now... Nor has it ever been Weigly North!! Have avoid drive home!! 
Just got in a fight and kicked out of the bar. At least I knocked him out. Have a fat lip though.  Pulled another number 
@rockonrebelchld Happy mother's day to you as well!  Have a good one!
Off to bed - I have a hot date with Sudoku and maybe a chapter or two reading if I can stay awake that long. Have a great night tweeps! 
Have been writing since 6pm &amp; I only have 300 words. Can't help but edit as I write. Stop it, self! Oh, I've also been researching too.  
@FrankIero Thats amazing quote indeed.Btw Have a nice weekend  ! 
Getting Emilie in half an hour, should get up.... Have a nice day all! Talk later I hope 
@markii187 Eeee! Hiya!  Haven't spoken to you in ages! How you doing? *enormous hug*
@Albz86  oh man i wanna be in the bay asap! Thank you   Have a great day!
@PeteMoring Well it's nice to 'see' you. Have a great day and tweet again soon 
@Emily_Murtough I'm sure you'll be fine   Have you learnt it?
@Jo3ll3 going to bed for real this time. Have a good day 
@ash_786 It's no secret I'm an apple boy! Have considered the iphone dark side MANY times 
@sallythomsett you're correct in your hypothesis Sally  when are we going to see more of you on GOLD? Have a word can you LOL
@MayLouis Wow! Can't wait to hear how you got on! Give those men something to think about girl! Have a great match and a great day! 
@henrik I have.  Well, sort of. Once made a tiny script to do just that. Haven't seen anything more robust, though. Would be interesting.
@Eggology Correct, what gave it away?  Haven't seen it yet but plan to soon.
@ohanne I didn't no. Haven't bought any today. Hee, will have to read that 
@barnine No probs.  Bit early.  Earliest we could get there would be about midday.  Will catch up soon.  Have fun. 
Hello all you Mothers out there  !!! Have a great day !!! Without you ladies this world would be pointless ;)
Bedroom painted, lawn mowed,gerbils cleaned (their house, not them!) so now lounging in garden. Haven't felt this relaxed in weeks 
@ReneeJRoss We will miss you, but I think you can get a Mimosa starting at noon   Have fun!
@Marialuvsmusic THanks Maria! Have a beautiful day today 
@markbrown83 hehehe! Shame grass is way too wet. Have abandoned garden in favour of garden box construction!! Tools screws ! Job done 
@ColbieCaillat Looking forward to your video and tour as well Colbie. Have a wonderful day and week. 
@jeweljk  The Roxy...I wish!!!!!       Have fun!  
@ronwessmusaq You're welcome, Ron! Have a great week (and don't get TOO bored at work - smile) 
@DavidArchie : Have a nice week. Welcome to Asia the second time  , have fun
@DavidArchie good night!  Have fun in Philippines
Just got back from seeing petey, elyse and @jillieface off!! Have a great time in Europe! 
@ taylorswift13 LOOOVVVEE the video for &quot;You Belong With Me!&quot; Incredible! Have a great day ahead! 
@audaciouslady Hey, AL.. Have U tried search.twitter.com ? Adding hashtag (ex #Disability ) in front of words finds likeminded tweeple 
@LexiePixie Cool! Have a super day 
@popgloss Oh nice, didn't realize sidekick was the actual name.  Have a great night, I'm turning in.
@csixty4 I've got a Mio 320 widescreen.  Not bad,but not great.Have to hack it to update maps not released by MIO. hackable tho, which is 
Morning  Have to get ready before the handymen come. I refuse to let them see me in my PJs again
@KrystalNichole &amp; I Have A Mystery Dude Too! 
@Cazling Night!  Have fun workin' in the morning!
@iAquarian Thanks. I'll work on a plan tonight &amp; maybe do my 1st proper post. Have a couple up but I don't like their direction. DELETE! 
Getting ready to take on the day. Have a lot of errands to run and what not. Hoping that everything turns out okay 
@ItsMariahxOxO Well ... Have to go!  Take care!
My birthday tomo  Have to get permission for leave, gotto arrange plans for tomo!  GM guys!!!
@katepickle Mmmmm.... sounds good   Haven't even thought about what we're having yet!
@Siduli Haven't seen you around these parts forvever?...we're back at Heriotdale. Should stop by for a Bull with Mich, Ingo &amp; I sometime! 
@nicolamills1976 Ahhhh, you are so beautiful  Have a wonderful day! xx
Hi everyone - the feed is working properly again - thanks for bearing with us!  Have a great day 
@NoelClarke Congratulations for your son! Have a lovely day with him.  x
The spill Canvas.  Have mixed feeling at the moment. Kinda up for a jog, but I dont have running shoes.
Woo hoo!!! Have completed two essays this morning  must go and get ready before twin @sn1357 arrives.
Welcome to @damacrafts @chicboutique -&gt; Have you both signed the crafts pledge? http://is.gd/phmh 
Gonna give Twitter a rest. Have a good night everyone! Remember, if you want me to follow you and I'm not.. tweet me!!!!! Byebye 
@MikeWoodsFox5 : I envy you for being at the beach.     Have a nice day Mike.
@ColinUdeLewis I don't mind long reads tho have to find right time.  Use several progs to bookmark and make lists. Ever growing lists! 
@dannywood  Happy birthday Danny!!! Look 40 hummmm  Never!!!! Have fun tonight and on the boat 
@iatwitts Ia! I'm done! Have a safe flight! 
@Gathatcher1 have send you an email Gav  Have a break from your blog writing and read 
@cry123sni Heey Good Moorniiing  Have a nice day ! :p  Take Care of urself, T.
@maddisondesigns Nice. Looks like a machine that screams &quot;power&quot;  - Thanks for sharing. Have a great day.
@dannywood Happy birthday!! Have fun this weekend. 
Have you subbed on FF now  re: http://ff.im/2SFbL
@NKOTB Don't know if you'll be back again..... (in the UK)  - soon I hope. Have a gr8 Cruise!! tweet us lots pls  x
@Astro_Mike Have a nice spacewalk up there 
@NKOTB have fun guys! I wish I was going! Have a good birthday danny and happy birthday to jordan on sunday 
@Jrathbne Hello Jackson when will your band perform in Minnesota? i would love to see you play. Have a great day 
Off to start the day! Have a good one, Tweeps! 
@Astro_Mike Have a good space walk! geetings from paris 
@RentToOwnHomes Thanks for the add! Have a blesses day as WELL! Hmmmmm coffee...I think I shall indulge in  one too  now! 
@NKOTB Hope You do know when You'll be back again? LOL! Have a great time!  xx
@shrem Hey! have a safe journey. Have loadsa phunnn. TC. Keep tweeting! 
@LucieLKS Haha oke ! Have many many fun tonight and enjoy !  Ciao (K)!
@mikeyway Yo  Have you ever checked out theblackparade.net? You should.Don't worry, it's not all Fanfiction. Theres 'real' stuff too 
Have been cleverly duped by @LucienneDiver into appearing on early morning panel with her. I blame the Long Island iced tea. 
@RealBillBailey http://tinyurl.com/qe7d93 Have you ever seen DeBurgh's photo on Wikipedia, he looks like an 80's Cop Show Villain... 
&quot;That was so fucking money, like that Jedi mind shit.&quot; Swingers is on  Haven't seen it in forever.
@Health4UandPets Thanks  I really like reptiles. I haven't had a lot of lizards except what I've caught. Have had tons of snakes
@lalavazquez http://twitpic.com/5cdix - awwww wassup Melo...The movie is great. Have a good time 
@officialkristin Welcome to twitter officially!  Have a great day/night wherever u are!
@DavidArchie Definitely in your element in Manila, WOW!!  Incredible vocals and performance!! Have a safe trip HOME! 
@yddy HAHAHAHAHA! Have a good night 
@lapcoverz Thank you for joining amilya.com Glad to have you aboard. Tweet in anytime. Have a great weekend 
Have to buy Diego a jenny n grand marnier cuz I just chugged his 
@dangerjoe @NicholasJerry92 Que Bueno South America? Have a safe tour guys!  TWEET Often when ya get a chance.  nitey!
@Travelingbrood You could check this http://tinyurl.com/p54cl5  Hope it helps. Have great trip 
@sarasioux I wasn't kidding when I said I was impressed. Have fun sleeping it off  ps: Is Melo built on drupal?
I think it's akward how everyone was watching. Has I hope they were all drunk and forget about it! 
@shezDOPEx3 Lo siento!! Promise next time, you'll get dibbs!  Have your drink on deck cuz they hot az u ;-) OutROe!
@NigelRichards62 thanks Nigel. Its great chapter. Text and audio from today will be on blog later in week  Have a great day
@tweenkle77 @_BBreezy @mtstanford @CateP36 @Donnette @ginjagin Have a good night folks! Im off to get some zzzzzz's 
@PGA_JohnDaly that's badass JD! Keep it up and in no time you'll be looking like Camillo!  Have all them cougars following your group!
Today is the Norwegian national day ! Have a great day everyone 
@harleyvj7 Harleyyyy! *hugs* I missed you babe! Feelin' under the weather, but otherwise great  Have fun at work!
@Travelwriticus Have a lovely time - went there YEARS ago - happy memories of the ferris wheel 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - Dont you get a private jet ?? Have fun 
@saffanna Oh, Canada! Have a great time 
@Christian0386 her latest performances have been A LOT better though. Have you seen her performance of pokerface on ellen? check it 
@anime_star Have a nice time in Bali! 
@JessicaPinup Like, for example, Have a good day, @(person you're talking to) or Hello, @(person you're talking to), how are you today? 
@renmiu Oh so it's around 8:30am there.  Cool.  Have a great day then.    I'm doing sum lounge dancing b4 I head off 2 bed.  x
@xoxoHelenHilton Have Fun  hehe
@tommcfly Norway won!  That's where I'm from and I love McFly! Have you heard the winning song?
@Darine Have a safe flight dear and ENJOY 
@CarrieLHall Have fun house hunting with your Mom! 
@MangalaLife Happy birthday to your daughter!  Have a wonderful, wonderful day 
@JilNelson not sunny at all. Rained yesterday and brought a nice *chill* to the air. Almost brisk.  Have fun gardening!
@McGrathComm Haha, that brought a smile to my face  Have a wonderful day, Noeleen!
@BBCClick Have fun at the BAFTAS! 
@CEPSocks_anne Not at all  Have whatever you fancy Anne. Is it scrummy?
@bethaquotaholic Yup - yesterday  Have any quotes special for a b-day?? 
@ChantellePaige Happy Twitterversary! Have a great day. 
Have to Force my eyes to stay open, so I'm going to bed. Will write &amp; Tweet later. Love to all! 
@lyingawake OMG! YAY!! *turns to @micheleeeex* Have you seen it? *turns back to you* Srsly, sweet movie man! I've seen that like 7x now! 
Going to sell Kettle Corn today.  Have an awesome day! http://makemoneynowontwitter.com/
@Holme Have fun! My second viewing was on IMAX too. Was THAT much better! 
@dellbillings Thanks Dell. I look forward to hearing how your cruise goes. Have fun! 
@heritagesoftail  I'm fine. Just hanging out. Okie dokie! Have any plans for today?
@justinmoorhouse looks very civilized. Have you seen Brad or Angelina yet give them my best when you do  x
Have a lot I need to do today, plus ball game.... I love my Cathryn 
@SCMunson Wanna meet at Orange Bowl around 3:30? Have a couple other people who might come. They also play D&amp;D. 
@cartermason Yeah, I saw that!  Have fun!! 
@Jamiebower Glad you made it home ok. Have a great time with your friends! 
In Cleveland... Peabody's... AGAIN... Last show of the tour... Haven't been home since February... Sooooo ready to go home tomorrow!!! 
@lilyroseallen http://twitpic.com/5dgty - Cuuute!  Have a nice trip Lil!
@carole29 Cool  Have you seen this? Puts things into perspective - http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/9624/planets.jpg
@dannybanany Amazing!  Have you got a Dressing Room pass?
Just got back from taking a walk up to Bramasole....the walk is as beautiful as the villa itself  Have a video update on it
@KeepinUpWKris I am so excited to watch Keeping Up tonight! Have to DVR it while putting the kiddos to sleep but then, it's ME time! Yay! 
@DJ_AM Have a safe flight, don't worry. GOD is with you. 
@ChrisDca Ahhhh, okay - too far away to try tomorrow, haha. Have fun in Fargo! 
Have no idea where I was but didn't feel a thing! Tasha came to stand by me and I just thought she needed a walkie 
@KRAPPS Good to hear that  We should not talk of SoCal problems again ... Have a nice evening!
@Mnmissy Gr8 2 c u here Missy  Have a super week ahead 
Haven't talked to my pops in about 2 months...whoops!  So much going on!  Just spent 3 hr. catching up on skype   I &lt;3 technology!
Ok, I've had a full day and am tired.  Have a nice evening everyone! 
@emoisforluvers Already? Ok. Have a good night. 
@renailemay Pics &amp; captions are great though ;-) Subtle is good. Office 2007 ==  Have found I'm using &quot;hidden&quot; features now, esp. Excel
College tonight - boo hiss. Have you done any studying Scotty? Eeehh - no - whoops! Now on the list. Nobody tweet today please - thankies 
Ahh, I watched The Grudge 2 &lt;-- Scariest movie ever....Have a good day everyone 
@JesCoolbaugh Thank you! Have a wonderful day tomorrow! I appreciate you thinking so! 
Blue skies here but clouds are running, won't be long before the weather changes.  Anyway, have to go to work.  Have fun 
Review deadline postponed!  Have a nice day! 
@TyleneBuck Kisses back to you too beautiful! Have a great week cutie! I hope things have been well with u! 
@ianemery good to hear. Yeah, had a good and much needed rest too. Have a great day 
@LuvinDanny4Ever good night, I am right behind you 
 Have a Nice Day!
Have a plan going to janet's gaga birthday party tonight at lollita, kemang. Yeay! Happy birthday my janette 
@Scooter1983 Oh yeah! Long weekend woooh! thx for that you`ve given me some light at end of tunnel! Have a nice day now 
Have missed Steve so much! I was so happy to talk to him again today 
@robcollingridge welcome to 2009 sir! ;) Have you downloaded Ocarina yet? Enjoy the apps, the iphone is rubbish at telephony! 
@SueMurphy Aww Thank you!  Have entered ballot for Marathon but definitely want to do MW again next year!! 
Ok, time for me to force my eyes closed. Take care everybody!  Have a fantabulous morning!
@LilEmoBoi Cause I've barely talked to anyone for like 4 hours. That's too much time alone with my thoughts. So thanks for saving me 
@DawnMarieH Have you got a new name for Reed yet? He settling in ok? 
@elleLOVESgreys HEhe. Listening to Stay over by the Rescues. Gosh I adore them!  Have all their songs! Wish they'd tour in Australia!
@IvyBean104 Have a lovely day Ivy 
@michaelmagical Oh Happy Tweeterversary hun. Thank god you are here. Have to send you a prezzie 
Oh Man Have a lot of school work to do! But that's what has to be done!!He He  Having an awesome day !!!!!!! Lovely!!! 
Have to go Clean my room, its a mess &amp; me fella keeps slaggin me about it 
@Vixxenkiss Okies, will do! Thx.  Have a good night/morning!
SWFL: Roads are Clear! Have a safe start to your workday 
@StaciJShelton Haha, thanks Staci..Yups i'm good to go!  (until i start asking clients for payments) haha!  Have a positive day..  
@ShashiTharoor Have High hopes on you 
Have I completed Persona before @RocGaude again? Why yes, I think I have! 
@AKGovSarahPalin Have a great week Sarah 
just heard that a colleague from accounting is in Edinburgh for the weekend. Have to ask her for details and recommendations tomorrow 
@KarenMcDade Thanks for the comments. I will check your Behance profile as soon as posible  Have a great day!
@Raven12 Well hun, I got to go. Have to pack my stuff *I hate packing*... Talk to you later...  Ill come soon to see what's going on....
@JohnLloydTaylor  Peru says &quot;goodnight John&quot; and then when you wake up it will say &quot;good morning&quot;! Have a great day!!! 
@robluketic Ok, thanks I will watch your nice ustream.  Have a nice day.
Have just changed my twitter design to make them better resemble what I do. Appreciate anyone's feedback. Thanks to Sarah for hers. 
@wlwarriorsuzie Hey Suzie  Wouldn't say ALL humans are like that, but most of them perhaps ;) Have a grrrrreat week! Keep well!
@flowerstone12 Oh ! hehe2x  Have A Nice Day Girl ! 
@3CB Have I? Maybe I just need company.. 
@GabriellaSky Anytime! Have a great week! 
@TheFreakSquad  Yup, got it!  Thanks .... working on the members area today.  Will keep ya posted!    Have a great day!
@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/5f6yt - Afternoon boys!!! Have a great day  xxx
@CarolRiddickRDU Same here. Have a great one! 
@ClarkeHuffJr Heeey Guten Morgen!  Have a nice day!
@DavidArchie So glad ur home safe and sound. Its good to know  Have a great week all-hopefully I can hijack my mom's computer in ALABAMA!
@sage_in_spain Wow! Congrats, and good luck! I've got to run for a bit, but I'll be back  Have a great day!
@FiCD Naughty woman!! Have fun though 
has lots to do today so I'll be back laterrr  Have a GREAT day girls! http://plurk.com/p/ujz02
Have a good one, tweeps! Sorry to those of you NOT in Canada and who are unable to luxuriate in this long weekend 
wwearn.com re-launched  finally on Wordpress, and I finally have a main topic. Have a look and pick on anything, constructive criticism
Rise &amp; shine tweeple! @wyclef woo whoo happy haitian flag day! thanks for tweeting that I wouldve never known. Have a good one 
@patrickgraves Knowing that you're going home makes me want to go home! Have fun in the Sooner state! 
@abbyharenberg  Thanx! Have a great one too!
@Ruddster Ever think about moving? Move to town. 
@taospace Haaaappy birthdaaaay to youuuuu, haappyy birthdayy to youu.  Have a great day Thijs, sorry I can't be there!!! I'll make it up.
@soozezq LUCKY! Have a great short week. 
@KoreanCelt Have fun! I hope the next time you'll twit me it will be in Hebrew 
@MyCheMicALmuse Have not heard the CD yet... think I will love it when I do 
@sweetchica329 Hey!! Haha o yesss it is!! yayyy im so glad we're on break  Have a great summer! Any cool plans?
Good morning everyone! I'm fresh &amp; clean; &amp; had my coffee. Now I'm ready for my day to start. Have a wonderful day! 
Well time to started the day, Going to take a shower will tweet again later. Have a great day if I dont hear from ya...  
Tidying has gone well. Have eliminated many clothes and found much contraband around the room. Mother laughed 
Have a good day everyone.  I'll talk to you after school. (:          -Christie. 
@mezmar Hello my friend! Have a good day. 
@VMDoug Have fun, Im sure Hal will go easy on you 
@aqmusic Thank u. Ill be sure to send that out. Have a blessed wknd. 
Have had a bomb ass time in the 716 &amp; LOVE those I spent it with, but def. ready to return to ChiCity Sat morning 
@danielspengies lucky you! Have fun! I went to the science museum yesterday. Free wednesdays  take your kid(s)
Okay Miss Bliss has gotta call it a nite. Tweet you in the morning.  Have a great nite @mommaconniebass. 
@Alun_Lifesense Thanks  Have a Great Day!
@thegaydreamer  @MykeTV   Have  a dose of relaxation after the busy  week schedule with some bollywood spice  http://bit.ly/19n3Ou
is off to LDN. Has o make important business calls later this morning, *gag*. It's all good though 
@t0nym0rtimer Alton Towers is amazing!  Have a great time! xx
@AussieMumTwo Thanks Rebecca. Have a happy #followfriday! 
@misswhipass Happy birthday  Have a wondeful day!
@Marci_Lall yep, me too  learning&amp;teaching....I love this life! Have an amazing day!
@queenneon Ooh, you're doing it!!! Have fun, if you make it! 
@tyrelassie Thank you , your very kind. Have a lovely day. 
@Dj_Flava: Have a good flight! Enjoy! 
Have you guys heard Permanent by David Cook? LISTEN TO ITTTT!!! 
Goin out to a movie &quot;date&quot; tonight. Haven't been on one of these for a while. Hehe..... I know exactly what I'm wearing 
@Patty_B Ooooh Have fun 
@molenik Thanks Michal! Have a nice weekend 
@KateSees yey  This is going to be great  Have a good flight, and I will see you in Oslo. 
@Susy86 thanks for writing. Have a good weekend 
Have a twitter friend clear out today.  If 1. You're *real*, 2. Following me, and 3. I'm not following you back... then drop me a message 
@takingonthetown You're more than welcome anytime Jess, you know I love you, come and stay anytime. Have a safe trip back to Wales. 
@ColeenRooney Of course it's the weekend..and a Bank Holiday one!  Have a good un! x
Just woke up, shoud have been at school an hour and a half ago : / Ah well  Finished my music course today  Have a nice day peoplee..
@DeeRiley Yep!!! Saw her with it on Ellen and then saw it in a catalog  Haven't tried it yet but am looking forward to trying it! 
@havenward reading but I might have not commented  Sometime I forget.... *ashamed* Have you linked them together somewhere?
@JGroothedde It's a pleasure Jenny! I am now a bit sick of resting - time to get back to normal i think  Have a great day x
@Zawamura too bad I'm not in AMS today. Have fun there (and remember that they don't really serve coffee in coffeeshops  )
And morning to you too hun, to the girl who texted me after reading mah FB but doesn't have international texting... Have a not $1 reply 
@isacullen Alrighty muffin! Have fun, and I'll be waiting for your return home 
More #FridayFollow @Sparty1216 thx 4 FF last week - sorry not 2 reply sooner @ArticlesBin - thx 4 sharing great info  Have a lovely day!
@_Viv Have a good time then sweetie 
@DavidArchie were you star-strucked/excited/nervous being able to see Jason Mraz? Have you talked to him? He looks pretty nice.. 
@thekeithchegwin Hi Keith..just a new twitter and wanted to say 'hello'. Have a great weekend.. 
It's SUBWAY time!! Have a nice meal to me 
Have a gr8 day to all...I am off &amp; running for an early appointment...ALL SMILES 
@OutnumberedMama This is Sue, sorry 4 the delay, things R good here. Have U joined the nation yet? http://www.seventhgeneration.com/ 
@smithcnn Sweet dreams, Chris!! Have a good weekend 
@mango_pie @mikeyfletch It does work, you have to leave it in for a few days though. Has worked for me and a friends phone 
@NicholasJerry92 Have a fun day off!  btw, LOVE 'Fly with me' :thumbs up:
@dannywood damn did u sleep in again? U &amp; Jon must have danced ur fine asses off!! Ow did u get my message on myspace? Have a good one! 
@nickybyrneoffic  Eek, that IS early! Have a nice and rainless day 
@So_Talia Since you are already shopping...here's a link to more!!http://www.zappos.com/zeta Have fun shopping! 
@sispirate it's quite nice smile, Doreen! Have a great weekend 
Have a great time in pool.. Haha.. Laughing all the time 
@KyranBracken Hi Kyran. Any chance as it's follow friday that you could follow me? Have a good day 
@lordtoede  Good morning. So glad it is the weekend. Can sleep in tomorrow.  Have a nice day. Its going to be another hot one  
@SASSS09 I'm all better  Thank you for asking ... Have a great upcoming weekend. Doing anything special?
@sunshinetalia Happy birthday!! Have a great night 
Haven't tweeted in a while. OOPS.  School makes me tired.
@Mix96 I need Keith Urban tickets!!  I have tried all week...and was 1 caller too late twice! Have a great weekend.
@Mitchley Have a fab time. You can't beat a good wedding 
Please ignore the double tweet. Coffee is only as good as the amount you drink. Haven't had enough yet 
@SlvrSprg7 Just think, you get to see the babies soon!  Have a good day!
#followfriday some new friends, i enjoy their tweets... @dfarver76, @JimPap, @BitAfterBit, @Beach_Body ...TGIF  Have a great day!
@kirsty_gilfo yup! That's the one  Mmm....yum cha! Have lots of dumplings for me
Have stunning French holiday photo of peacock displaying. will try to work out how to upload it here over weekend. 
Well Peeps, this has been fun, but I need to &quot;Tweet and Run&quot;!  Have a sunny day 
@C_Joy Have a great last day! I'm excited for you 
@mommaof4wife2r Heard. Felt.  Have got now.  Ahhh. 
@amandabynes and TGIF to you, too!  Have a great day/weekend!  btw, you are my fave comedian.    You rock!
@Chrissyb189 Have fun. Geek girls are cute 
Woo. Have my phone back 
@Fitchgirl1701 Hey amy  Have a good day at work. Check your MSN if you get the chance. I love you and i'll be thinking of you.
@scottgould great thanks ;) Excellent week - could do with a long weekend now... Aha! Have a good one 
@Xanadugrrl Have fun Xan!!! 
@peterfacinelli Hello  You did a great job in Twilight, I loved it. You're great. Have a nice weekend!
@MGiraudOfficial Yay I'll look for you all on Larry King show.  Have a great weekend  
@katyperry I don't know if u're the real Katy Perry (there's lots of 'fake') but, anyway i adore what you do. Have a nice day  xoxo
Have a great Memorial Weekend and be safe on the road 
@Playboy TGIF!! Have a good one 
@amymarie2534 Oooooh I can't wait. Have a good one darlin' 
@gina_pina_14 Exams? Eugh.  Have one for me, I think I'll save myself for next weekend, going to Blackpool, think it could be a messy one 
Have a very Goodmorning to everyone here in the Philippines! 
@meganv926 Lucky!  I'm jackassing around myself.  Haven't done an ounce of work yet!  Correction:  I did put on makeup!  
@anyidiot Mornin..........Have a GREAT day!! 
@TheYandR_Lady Thanks for the #followfriday hon. Have a great, great weekend. 
@MrsWerewolf  Hi, looking forward to the weekend.   Have a great day.  
@bocan I could not agree more! Have a great BH w/e mon ami 
Hop up out the beedddddd! Turn my Swag on!! Have a good day 
@Othercyde Thanks a lot for the blog comment. I understand it ain't easy for a grad  Have u been visiting UNT's journalism job bank?
@Al_Hannigan What kind of pictures did you use to take as a pro? I wondered. Have a nice day. 
@JoeJacobi haha so true...could be way worse  And tell Hugh I said hi! Have fun and enjoy the long weekend!
@mr_imp Have a good trip and lots of fun in Chicago. 
@Azlen Have a great day Brad. I'll check in with you a little later 
Absolutely love the Should've Said No duet with @taylorswift13 and @JonasBrothers. 
@jenniferRbaulch @DeniseMpls @rechargelife  #followfriday #smbmsp   Much Appreciated!   Have a great weekend!
EXPO here I come! Have a fab bank hol weekend everyone 
@leejorgensen Thanks Lee. Have a good weekend. 
@whereivebeen Right NOW? Madagascar. Have always wanted to go. A bit tough to get to, though. So, if you will, my blank ticket, please! 
@DavidArchie Have a super awesome day, David! Gonna be working on your album today? Heard it's coming along haha, I'm so excited!! 
@DJGI Oh cool!!! I'll make sure to check your tourdates then!!  Have a great weekend 
Listening to Japanese hiphop: Rip Slyme. Haven't listened to these guys in a while, so awesome! 
Guten Morgen! *umarm* Keep your head up! You're strong, don't be so hasty in things decision. Take it one step a time. Have a nice day  &lt;3
My back is killin me. I ono why tho. Haven't been sleepin well. Prolly pushin my body to hard wit no rest. Anyway good night twitterville 
@Imjustfunsized A Walk To Remember. GREAT movie!!! Have fun tom on your last day 
@libbydibby - yeiiii, so happy for u guys! i pray for a safe trip.Have lots of fun! Ciao! 
@amykant Fun! Have fun with all the settings and pic-taking 
Goodnight twitter. Thank you to all those people that are following me  you guys rock! Have a nice night love
@sandipantz I can't sleep.   Here are some more, they fucking hilarious! http://tinyurl.com/qauqfp  Have a great night Sandy.
@stephaniepratt tell Jillian I LOVE her! Have since '96w 
&quot;Excuse me, you don't sleep with my girl &amp; then ignore her. Have you seen her? You just don't. You should be so lucky to repeat that.&quot; 
Givin it up for tonight! Have a good one everybody 
@boomdyno A lover huh? It depends on the person.Have I found true love in the opposite sex in the past 35 years ? Nah,not yet 
@TimmieGoGo Vegas was an amazing experience, the pool parties are amazing there!!  A must go again next year  Have fun there T
Eyes are droopy and starting to nod off. Have a blessed night/day ...tweet some more in the morning  XO
@kellie_marlatt THANKS!! I will def have to find them and check them out!! Have a great day tweet friend!!  
@JaeKuzco we will see! Have a great night! Drink one for me 
@passionsista Hey! Haven't seen ya in a while. Good to see you on again. 
@DavidArchie Oh. Cool. Have a nice sleep David! Sweet dreams! 
@KCWeather YES! &lt;---Coming from a native Southerner Have water can cool off Pool just up the camground street 
@reimagin BTW, thanks for the retweet! Have a great evening! 
@Demara lol. Probably too late.   Have fun on your date tonight!
MESSAGE TO ALL VEGETARIANS: Romans 14:1-3      Have a good night
@feliciaday Wow, you've read a lot of vampire smut!  Have you tried Richelle Mead's Succubus series? (technically supernatural not vamp)
@chantaleto I'll be back soon to myspace! OK?  I'll go to sleep now! Have a good day!
Packing is going great, even took a break to make cookies for the hubby! Yum! Have I mentioned how much I enjoy packing? It's a high 
Nite Tweeps! Have a good sleep or day if your just waking up 
is talking with two of the more beautiful women in his life online simultaneously. Have I mentioned that I'm a lucky SOB? 
@therealTiffany Has there ever been a celebrity you admired that you got to meet that left you really starstruck? 
@paulmason10538 Egg and chips, what time did your day start?  Have a good day, it's going to be a hot one 
@R_City Betta get packin! Have a safe flight tomorrow mista 
@NaniWaialeale Have dessert first! ICE CREAM!!!! 
Zuma bitch tomorrow. Have a wonderful night everyone  goodnight.
Okay, at home and about to go to sleep.  i'll be talking in my sleep... @shawcroft you should hear it     Have pleasant dreams everyone!
Have fallen in girly love with Amelie-les-crayons, who knew french pop could be so magically beautiful...   
@drdrew Have @oliviamunn back on. She's the best part of your show. It's not the same without her.. OMFG!!!! 
@sjrz Hey Joyce!!! Have a great day today!!! The weather is fantastic  Kisses
@TheSugarDames Thank-you! Have a great day (evening?) too! 
@BeKultured I try my best. Sometimes with success ... somtimes not. But keeping all the time the sunny side up  Have a nice weekend.
@AnditisLiz Omg!!! Lol.   Strawberry Daiquiri from bath n body works Is the best, smells sooo yummy! !  (Haven't tried it tho, lol  ) 
Leah, I can't go shopping tomorrow, I have $0. Have fun without me 
Have to fight sleep after an awesome lunch! Chicken Do Pyaza + Pulao 
@Suburbman Happy birthday! Have a great one 
@Chili_bex Have as good a day as you can 
@_reh: AH! You still alive!  Have great day!
@officialTila Ok, night night sweetheart! Have fun there and send lots of pics and vids! Love you! 
Up early.  Making breakfast.  Have to start @ 530 this morning.  Fyi-The early bird sings their first song @ 415am. 
@semsy I sent you mail!  Have a great day! Talk to ya later  Byee
@miafreedman I was once breath tested at 8am. Have you had anything to drink today? Well, only the bottle of breakfast whiskey 
3D Movie tonight with @laurenvharrison @AyeJayx  Should've said no !!
@stripeybea Ah! I see. Have a nice day, dear..... I said HAVE A NICE... (oh never mind)! 
@sonnycentral Thank you! I did  Have a great day!
