Most common words for this cluster:
[('have', 1818), ('day', 279), ('fun', 199), ('today', 153), ('time', 92), ('work', 86), ('tomorrow', 79), ('night', 77), ('weekend', 61), ('days', 48), ('lol', 48), ('everyone', 48)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Have', 0.9999313950538635), (u'Has', 0.7469319701194763), (u'Got', 0.6138622760772705), (u'Had', 0.6102997660636902), (u'Were', 0.5839150547981262), (u'Never', 0.5808385014533997), (u'Want', 0.5713408589363098), (u"'ve", 0.5542173385620117), (u'Are', 0.5537188649177551), (u'Would', 0.5533643960952759)]





Haven't tweeted in ages my twitterberry doesn't work anymore help! 
Heading to bed! Have to be at work in 6 hours 
Taking the rents to the airport...not excited about being up this early.Have to go to work at 8. 
Guess I should go to bed... Have to be up in 5.5 hours... haven't been able to sleep lately too stressed about website not being done yet 
Have a ouchy head which is making me feel sicky 
@rowandaze Aw hon,   Have some extra pixie dust from me.
Have to wait 45 minutes for the next bus home  I need my own car so bad...
@paulfisher Have sent you an e-mail but not sure if working as haven't received anything all day     Or, I'm just unpopular!
is wearing nothing but a sarong as a house dress. Have to, weather feels heavy and humid  http://plurk.com/p/n1w2g
Have research report due at five  in the library trying to get it finished
Have to wait to check out the new Splattercast until I get home.  
@zefer I dont think so, not sure. Haven't learned iTunes much. I just miss file-based players 
@DearYvette  Have a mojito for me too 
@KDBabylon where the heck is my friend? Lol what u doin? Haven't talked to u all day! 
Hey everyone... Have a good weekend... it's a dull grey day here. 
Off to do 1,000 chores.  Yay. Have a great day, everyone. ? http://blip.fm/~4j6he
Some of the design has come off a little, nothing major but still not happy   Have stopped attempts to stick it back nothing was working.
Have to go to my church to get some community service hours for school. I slept in to 9:30, but I'm still tired. 
@petewentz are you here yet? Have you noticed the sky is falling? 
Have no time to create new post in my blog... 
Have a sneaking suspicion that the sundays will be dire. 
@garethemery tried to get tickets but they were sold out!  but i'll be listening. Have a good one!
Have to go to the car shop, my poor mustang is messing up 
Have been on vaca but the weather wasn't cooperating 
@luvnewkids I just felt silly so why not ask sth silly? LOL it seems to be ok now but i'm sure d flu wud sneak on me. Have a headache tho 
@TheWineVault   busy but would love to come to the next one.  Have fun guys!!
@esoteric_vae I can beat you on that front.. went to bed 4ish.. back awake 6.30.. failed to get back to sleep. Have now given up 
Haven't waited for a table at Wokano in a long time 
Have a good day everyone ...back to school 2mrw 
Have giant headache 
Off to get some nap. Haven't slept much lately 
The bags have been packed. We are now ready to leave for The States and visit @flyingdog. Have to wait another 24 hrs before the flight 
cursing the friend who pitched up at mine at 11pm with alcohol. Have an unshiftable hangover today &amp; the prospect of another on top 
Haven't been updating my blog  If I can't sleep tonight, I think I'll do it!
Have just raced and been very ill 
Have to do more homework what fun! 
Have manouvered upstairs to my bedroom now, as my dad is watching the footie 
Have a big week ahead of me...and I woke up sick. 
Off to work. Wish I could listen til the end.  You are all so lucky. Have fun!!! #asot400
Finished cleaning. Have to go to the store, but do not want to. 
I  want to get into a vampire the requiem game but 1) I can't find one and 2) I'm too shy  3) Haven't figured out the dice part yet. 
Have so much work to do today  Should have started yesterday
Everyone is going on and on about Princes new album. Is it REALLY that good? Haven't heard it yet. 
It's been an hour and I'm only half way through my junk mail.    Have these telemarketer not heard about environmental friendly efforts?
@olafsearson I do  Haven't seen it for ages though! You? x
Have to do homework cause spring break is over 
Have an exam tomorrow. Have I studied at all? No. Fail. Have a response and a thesis due tomorrow. Have I done the reading? No. Fail. 
says another day and back to college.  Haven't completed 2 assignments but hoping for extension til end of week  
Have been at work form an hour and already wanna go home 
Have to wakeup early 
Have to leave at 8 tomorrow morning... 
most people are waking up at this time. I haven't even gone to bed yet. Have to be up in an hr 1/2. 
Have to be up in 2 hours. i'm not used to getting up early. lame. and it's the 2nd day in a row with no exercise. 
Have had so much food this morning, now my tummy hurts 
Have not slept a wink tonight 
Lovely weather! Have walked 2 miles this lunchtime! Have blister on left heel! 
@writer_atdusk I crashed and you were gone  Have a nice day, ok, sweets? 
Have you ever felt like someone was ignoring you intentionally? I feel it and the feeling gets more intense as the hours pass. 
Have to go move my car for street  cleaning... I hate that 
Morning twitter. I've already been up for two hours. Isn't that horribly sad?  Have a fantastic hot day. I know I'll be bitching nonstop.
I have to go to college now :/ Its 6:58am! wtf!!  I hate early mornings pfft! Have a good day yall :] xx
Packing, packing, packing. Have I mentioned I hate moving? 
@kateboardman Don't sweat it -- turns out I won't be online as much as I'd hoped  Have a good one, everybody #ItsGrimUpNorth not
Have a blinding headache am going back to bed 
@gtvone yeah.. Have been planning on going all week, work might be getting in the way though 
Have a strange old lady lookin at me at the bus stop 
Have a huge headache! 
I'm still ill. Have to cancel my performance on thursday  not good. I also had a strange dream about The Maccabees last night.. aha!
Have to be up in less than 3 hours - afraid to go to sleep 
@sumrtime Absolutely, Fridays are my favorite days... now I want to go out. Haven't gone out for a long, long time... need a beer 
Have to get off so rick can get on  bb tomorrow morning.
Have a great weekend everybody because I know me and @xadorkablemex3 won't 
Have been reading up on gallstone flush and not looking forward to it.  I may yet chicken out.
Have to clean up our house now  not funny
Have a sore ear  Why do bad things happen to good people!?
Have just met the gayest man alive and the thinnest woman alive - still not bought any toys yet 
Ahihihi younger sister just IMed. Haven't seen her in a MONTH. I miss her 
Have to go to work in an hour 
Drinking fizzy vimto  Have lots of spanish to learn  me deteste espanol ...i think thats a bit french ...
@petsalive me.  gotta work today... Have a fantastic day!
Have been cutting chicken meat for dinner. Now cuting grass in the garden. No boobs there. Not even neighbours. 
@adamsconsulting  My younger son - he speaks of how he wishes he had a twin (I actually miscarried his @ 9 weeks.  Have yet 2 tell him.) 
@raditsracquel Luckyyyy  I couldn't get off work today. Blehhh. Have fun though!
At ballet school with the brat!! Haven't been here in a while.. rain rain go away!! 
@daytonagrlmandy I so wish I could be there.  Have extra fun for me!
@SusanLM4 Haven't seen that one either; sorry I missed it 
Man, I need to get this bad tooth pulled. Haven't been to dentist in years, and I don't want a lecture about it; just need some relief. 
Have to go back to work  Wish I was making more money 
Have to stay inside  yay how fun 
Have a headache....still 
Have to leave at 3:00 
Have to study for finals 
@cofo314 me too! Have been working all day tho. No time to enjoy fresh air! 
Haven't worked in a week.....too bad summer's right around the corner 
I haz a headache. After some more chinese I'z going to bed. Have to wake up so early to drive tomorrow 
@frankiedelgado not up to much tonight, bored   Have fun!
Haven't ben able to find a good template for a database driven photogrphic web site ...so I am writing myself one ...not straightforward 
Off to bed! Have to be up again in less than 5hrs for work 
Haven't unpacked since my trip back home. I dont like the disorder in my bedroom 
Have to get up for a 8am phone conference tomorrow public holiday  but if it helps my system, I will!!
@StumpyKim Have you seen the preview for next week? omg I'm so confused. And apparently a doll is going to be 'retired permanently.' 
Going for a shower soon. Have to do some revision today 
Have to miss church today. 
Have been crying for about two hours or so the last 16 hours. I'm really gonna miss my horsie.. 
Just dropped my brand new phone and now it won't work. Have to exchange it  so Pissed.
Landed. Have a huge headache 
Haven't slept.  throwing chocolate whoppers at andrew's head from upstairs. Suprisingly very entertaining
@timdouglas @leesto - Have I started something there 
@ddlovato Have you ever had a moment where you fel that everyone is too muchh of a grown up for you? i am   no one won't play with me..
Have to go to bed now 
Even after the paycheck, still broke.  Haven't put into the $10k savings after hitting $5K.  boo 
What a fun show tonight @nrrradio ! Now off to brush my teeth and go to bed. Have to leave early tomorrow morning 
Haven't been doing much but reading and sleeping, my glasses broke so can't do much 
@Therealkiss Have fun...wish I knew you were coming!!! 
I need to get back to the drawing board...Have been neglecting my sketchbook and artboards 
Have a fun bank holiday - I'm off to work 
Haven't been this upset in forever 
Have to learn biology.  That's too much for my brain.
@richardepryor You'll have to show pictures. Sounds like my ideal garden. Have a worm,slug,snail phobia so can't do gardening . 
Have been dancing with the waves dill dusk, tried to fight off my cold #saltwater ... didn't really work though 
is soo sick...  gone to work until 130.. then i think ill nap.  Have a great monday !
@ninamania No  I've finished my lifewriting one but still have my dissertation to finish. Have to work today&amp; tomorrow, am panicking 
Have a horrible spot on my chin. It hurts and looks awful. 
Have to go to work early today, not going to be a pleasant day 
Have i told u i hate mondays? Another day. Another boring class lecture 
@xxUnleashedxx Lol yeah I know. I'm still dying 2 see him... Haven't seen him since he was a new born. That's suckey.. 
@PokerProfits Let's hope so. Haven't been so far 
I have a huge paper due monday. Have not started 
I got chocolates but theyre not for me  Have to give them to my sister.
Have to redo my whole itunes 
Have I really only been sleeping for 2 hrs?!  This is going to be a long night.  I miss my bed and my kitties 
Have to go to work 
Tired.   Have to study !
I'm finally getting up. Have to do housework today..  Anyone care to help?
Haven't seen my boys for 10 days  A levels suck right now
Morning all, or should I say afternoon? Have been roped into cutting the lawn today and am not looking forward to it, not one bit... 
Haven't been reading for quite a while. Which is really bad cos i realise my vocab and grammar isnt improving 
@pineapplebun it gives me &quot;We have been unable to process your request.&quot; error everytime I am trying to book a tix. Have to call them tmr 
Just got up. Have to get ready to go to my aunts for mothers day and finger is still killing me  &lt;3
hello to everyone else doing revision. Have just realised that this is the last time i will do my sunday afternoon prep for school 
@awv signed up fir that awhile back. Have not recieved anything 
Have been sick with possibly strep for over a week and the sewing machine had to go in the shop. 
Have the ting tings - that's not my name stuck in my head 
Have a bug bite on my neck. It hurts. 
Have to do homework soon 
Have to go to church. 
@maxamphoto nope... Have originals obviously, but been playing w diff types of b'up and so not started.. Almost did a manual this morn.. 
Have a random craving for limeade from hot dog on a stick 
It's been such a long day. Haven't even started my home work 
Have to get my wheelchair fixed! Not happy.... 
Have to wake up in 5 hours to head home. I miss my nephews already. 
Going to sleep can't figure it out   Have an early morning meeting that I need to be alert for!  Have a good night everyone!!!  xoxox
@BrandBaylis Awww ... I wanted to go and all my girls flaked on me. Have fun without me. 
Haven't touched my website for a week  http://www.niquehappy.com/blog
Going 2 bed. Have to get up early in the morning 
Have some problems with friends. 
Have no energy 
@austinklar87 Haven't seen it yet  can't wait though
@jtahrens I miss my wine buddies too. Haven't cracked a bottle since I've been down here. 
@NattyMcElls tis weird! Have a few friends that r really lovely feisty women... with bastard BFsthat treat em like crap!! dont make sense 
Have heart broke up 
@danielkirkley I think they are going to leave us hanging, I so want to know what's gonna happen! I Have to wait till tomorrow, no cable! 
 our camera battery is running out. Have to be smart with what we film at #netprophet
@Lariit no, I have not watched it yet.  Have you? I haven't had anytime to.
Have a terrible headache and want to sleep....But have to be in office till 5:30.    
@cameronfindlay you lucky things  I have to get up at 3am! Have fun
Morning wasted!! Have to get ready for work in a bit 
Have a bad habit of saving txt messages too...  ahh memories suck ass.
Have a doctors appointment at 830. Not looking forward to it 
Have returned with abundance of mangoes but no nori 
Have flu again. I thought getting fit was supposed to stop this from happening 
Have to quit the movie business. All I do on set is eat eat eat... 
Have u ever been so tired to the point where in the middle of a txt, email, tweet, etc...ur hand falls and ur eyes close? That's tired! 
Have been sick all weekend 
Have a bug bite on my leg the size of a dime... kinda purple it looks like. It's right behind my knee, so hard to see.. 
Has work again  not had a day off in about a week, and I Have to work tomorrow too 
Going away to the airport... Have to wait 3 whole weeks to see him again 
Haven't been tweeting like I used to  uni work is startin to pile up
I'm only up! And its half eleven! Its been years since I slept that late, dogs where strangely quiet this morning. Have a huge hangover 
I'm so bored. Haven't talked to anybody in ages 
Have i ever told you, I love being inside a room with surrounded with metal blinds while using my mobile broadband - dialup is godsend 
Have just transfered money for various kid-related activity. Kids are very expensive these days. I cannot get enough money in! 
is not happy with his lawnmower... major smoke from the exhaust, oil droplets, too. Have 1 fix in mind, otherwise ... new mower.  
Have to go to a memorial service today...... 
Have work to do, but don't want to do it! 
I know and I have been a very naughty boy!  Have been blogging on my own site but not on there 
Have wayyyy too much homework to do ! 
@Stickyplasters Quote: &quot;poop!  Have you tried furious &amp; constant masturbation? Might help.&quot;
Looks like my podcast recording is f#cked. Have to mix it over 
Have 2 b 18 4 job i want. 1 more year! still unemployed 4 now 
Haven't been able to talk to him all weekend, and now he's off seeing Angels &amp; Demons 
Allergies driving me nuts. Have to go take wildflower pics today too...and W is going bike riding...so I will have to go alone. 
Have 2 damn exams +sleepy 
Everyone I have to go since I have been in the cloud have not paid bills or cleaned my house and I must do that.  Have a blessed day  sad
Have 2 study 4 my math test tomorrow 
@LikePacDiv u guys are awesome! Kisses to all of ya! Haven't seen u since the roxy last year 
Have to &quot;freshen&quot; my eyes every hour.. What a bother 
As predicted I am now starting to crash and could quite easily curl up &amp; fall asleep! Have to drag my ass off sofa and get ready for work 
Have to be up in 6 hours for class  why can't I sleep?!
@souffront_ semester is over.  Have no reason to ichat anymore 
@lostgirl66 I used to write stuff, stories and poems mostly. Haven't written anything in years 
Have gym fear, what if I look silly, what if I fall off or over something? Or just can't do 'the gym' this feels like P.E allover again 
Have to go to work again  so tired today..
Have to go to school now 
Have to go do a maths exam now 
@mmbopidy I'm the same  I really want this essay to be finished. Haven't even looked at my court report  big faillll!
Have to take Anacortes to the vet today 
@trishaforbes I hate moving house, still unpacking from our move a year ago  Have fun on friday!
Haven't been up this early in a loonnnggg time... 
Have just quarreled with mom ... 
@FatDaddySweets i'm sorry  Have you been really busy with the shop? I was thinking it might be busy w/mom's day and graduation...
@eletyl I'm sorry you're having a rough time   Haven't had time to read your blogs in full yet but you don't sound happy on here. *hugs*
@twit_julie I've always wanted to go there  Have fun!
Still at the library, don't know when i'm leaving. Have to get up at 8 to finish english and keep studying  but pizza is on the way lol
@CremeMagazine yay, can you tell us what posters are in it? *hints* hehe, netball this weekend and freezing weather  Have a great weekend
Have one lesson to teach and two meetings on the afternoon . An easy day. It is raining 
Interesting livejournal homepage this morning.  Have they been hacked as a 10th birthday present? 
Have to go to the gynaecologist today...  I hate that... there ain't a more dreadful med for me..
I don't understand how men can be so cruel, stop &amp; think plz! Have a heart!!!!!!! I'm gonna die w/ the next punch I get frm one of u 
@letmesign I know  lol. Ahhh, poor you! Have you seen any of the rumours about the new iPhone? It's gunna be awesome if half are true1
@Peircy ha hope u havin fun walkin.  Have a good night  wish i was comin
Have a really stiff and achey knee this morning 
@HellenBach oh hells, that cheered me up no end, thanx so much.  Have a cold starting, 2 weeks before exams &amp; stepson has moved in 
Off to changdao tomorrow.. Have to wake up early though 
Have to learn now  Even if the weather is a.m.a.z.i.n.g. outside (
Have now got to rush and shower as I'm being kind and heading into my other job  *sigh*
@mr_goodwin I'm seriously tempted, but ive got a conf call to take  Have a bucket of fried chicken for me!
My leg is busted. I think there's a nerve pinched or something. Have scheduled a doctor's appointment because it sucks. 
Prayer to start the day, no gym today.    to busy today starting very early maybe tonight! Have a good day twitter world!
@marcnobbs Send some over here Pleeeeeese. Haven't had decent fish and chips since the day I travelled over. 
It really sucks that one can not customize UIKeyboardTypeNumberPad  Have to draw my own keyboard bah!
ok im off leaving town for a wk already feeling sad at leaving wonderboy and hubby behind  Have fun without me!!!
Owwwwww... sinus headache. Haven't had any allergy issues until now 
@Spincerely @thepaintedsheep   Waaaaa, wish I was going.    But too many other plans this weekend.  Have a blast &amp; buy lots!!
@nicksantino me too! LOL except it's like 11pm and I'm wayyyy too tired..... Haven't gottn much sleep all week!  why don't u go..?photos!
Have a gallon of chicken in 'licious sauce cooling! So much food and all I have to eat is toast, (and coffee!  ) a 20 min power nap now!
@sheilajb I wish I could go!  Have so much fun. xoxo
@Moonshayde Have fun editing!  I shall message you on ms later.... to catch up and hear about this bat biting incident 
Have to write a college application. Then i have to go to spanish. 
Have tried to find every excuse not to, but must now tackle mountain of filing and then clean the house 
sad that less than 2500 ppl have signed up at http://www.saveturtles.my/ to help efforts to ban turtle egg consumption  Have you?
Have to convince myself that there's a greater reward for delayed gratification somehow to make myself focus on more pressing issue 
Have to mow the lawn today   We don't have a good mower.
Haven't slept yet.  I'm so tired! At lunch with @reifel69 and my dad.
TGIF my ass. Have to work tomorrow. 
Have a headache 
Have to get my tonsils out. 
@KellyG5 Have you tried adding yourself? I just tried to and it gave me an error. 
Have to go to school at 11:30am *yeahhh* but I have school till 15:30pm 
@FaraiToday hey my friend how've you  been lately? Haven't seen many tweets coming from you lately  Praying you're well!
Just fed the momma cat that I stole the kittens from... Have a feeling I'm gonna be doing this for a while 
LOL That'll work! Haven't seen roy on today 
Have to wake up at six for baseball but i cant fall asleep 
The heart hurt is starting to set in now.    Have to remember what's in front, but it ain't coming easy...
Have a feeling I'm not going to the gym when I get home. I'm exhausted! Another hour away from home 
Have not seen mother in forever and she won't visit  miss her to (there ya go mom) 
Haven't been feelin 2 good the past couple of days...damn i hate when im sick 
@leopardqueen @seekinspiration Have fun! I miss you guys a lot! 
Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
Have a golf ball sized swelling on my ankle and it's turned black and blue. 
Have you ever stepped on a slug by accident? I just did  I hate bugs
@lesleyroy haha! nice! Have fun doll! Hopefully I'll see ya soon! I miss ur face! 
Have you ever realized you never fully have everything you want?  feelin' down.
Have been feeling very sick    had day off today... ARRRGH  
No http://twtvite.com/3koyqo #twtvite #aptw Have to miss this now because of other engagements 
Anyone got any remedies for neck pain? Haven't been able to turn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now 
is having a hard time concentrating today.  Have to get it together!
@jodieharsh Ahhh so Jealous!  Have a nice time and I'll see you when you get back x
Have spent half of the day troubleshooting something that wasn't even within my control. Clusters doesn't always mean high availability. 
Have to walk to school, and i have two welts on my thighs! 
@simoncollister I moved in with the other half, so no balcony anymore  Have got a great mini-herb garden on window sill though! you?
@Chilosa09 Have fun tomorrow night. I think it will be more fun at a bar than art gallery. Wish I could be there 
Have a slight headache 
@dreamobscene I know how you feel  Have a lovely relaxing weekend!
@Tashster Have a cold one for me, I'm just off to work now 
@suzbooze I wanna go, but I so freaking broke   Have fun for me
Have I mentioned this bus was sloooow? on it for about one hour now 
At the doctors office woooo so much fun. Have to go back to wotk after this cant afford to be off. 
@tsa4string Have fun at the show tonight... wish I could be there 
Have I ever told you I absolutly hate writing emails, status pdates are fine but emails have so much...finality...to them 
@NPollard unless absolutely gorgeous I'd rather men stayed covered up! Have seen sights today to put you off your food.......  #ukpubs
@meganduffy aww I miss u too! Haven't ate 
@MysticRose01 awww...on ur way out  Have fun for me toooo!
@TDRFarmer Are you going to the game tonight? There is so much excitement today that I'm feeling left out. Have other plans 
Haven't eaten all day  I need food...
@angisori It's not a reg gig yet, but hopefully it will be! Haven't done massage in a while actually 
Have to work today.  http://plurk.com/p/x2rt8
@coollike Sounds awesome, wish I could go but no way I could afford it   Have fun!
Have to go to my old house and finish moving. 
@JelaniFr3sh  boo. I used to live in upland... Have funnnn
Have a horrible headache 
Haven't been to altantic city since aug.   me and my ex used to go at least every month we got free rooms parking food everything!
@Bean525 Haven't been able to find anything that'll help you  A few forums say it's not really possible without expensive switches.
Legally produced Unpasturized cheese! 'bout bloody time! What's it taste like? Have to wait a bit longer, that part is still ilegal 
I kind of don't like this upcoming weekend. Have a feeling it's gunna be too hectic 
Swapping out elements in hot water tank tonite. Replacements are too low a wattage. Have to get correct ones tomorrow = cold water still 
Feeling sick. Have to remind myself only 24 hours left. Would love to stop sneezing 
Going to bed! Have to work in the morning 
Lying in bed with a fractured foot. Ouchhhhhhhh. Have to be with cruches for a month no! 
Have I really lost control? 
Everyone needs to try a TankaBar!! Haven't had one in a few months..   ima need a supply for all my summer events!!!
I spoke too soon @ widget looking fine. Have restarted. Should be fine for today now. Not happy 
I need to sleep!! Have a long day tomorrow. 
Have to get up too early after a wedding.  oh well, the sun is shining, luxemburg is waiting, let's get up. 
Haven't tweeted in 2 days. For shame.  one of my best friends might be coming over tomorrow! Yay! :-D
@StephenMulhern Have fun tonight, thank god 4 sky+! my lil sis hen night so cant pull a sicky 2 stay home  diversity 2 win x
Have to do something heart wrenching today... 
The weather's so gloomy. It's been drizzling all day.  But what the heck! Have fun in the rain! 
Have to go tweet silent today - lots of housework to do 
Have you seen the lovely weather.... and i have to work 
@MadamSalami I know.  Have loads of knitting books to go now and a beading book no idea why I brought that I don't bead!
Its so gorgeous outside! Have lots to do today, but I don't wanna walk about town in 6 inch heels 
Have mailed package. But haven't done the heart wrenching thing yet...  I can't bring myself to do it...
Its such a nice day! I wna go to the beach or something ! Have to work 
Have u ever done somethin' you thought at the time was right, but afterwards realised u wer dead wrong? 
@timtfj i cant play at the moment as I've hurt my neck  Haven't played for 3 weeks now 
Have my third migraine in as many weekends. So fed up now  
Haven't completed any study what so ever !  &amp; I'm extremely tired off to bed for me
@sixdaysandy Too ill to move  Have fun though!
I'm so out of the loop! Haven't been on much all week! 
Have fun for me please...working 
Haven't slept all night and I need to head to a match in 2 hours 
Have burnt my hand twice now  #fb
Have to go to the workhouse in less than 2 hours......not happy about that fact 
I am still sore - plenty of aftersun should help! Have more work to do  But have day off tomorrow so will carry on!
@willcarling Have two for me too! We need to be better for the next game! 
Late for an 11:00 mtg in N.O.  Haven't left B.R. yet 
Have to go to work now. 
@laurensantoine I wish I could be there  Have fun though!
@EverythingFab no good news  ..btw Have a great weekend!
Ah crap. Have to wait for the game update. It will took at least half an hour 
@dreday308 I was going to go to the car wash, would have been my first activity since joining, but I had to work!  Have fun!
Have hard time to sleep lately 
I am beginning to wonder if I will ever work again.  Have not worked for two weeks now 
Haven't started yet..........I'm such a procrastinator 
Have I lost my profile picture 
Have a headache 
Have been doing so much work outside in the last 2 hours since I woke up I need another shower now. 
@KehSauce I don't know when I'm seeing it  I'm just hoping to! Have fun today!!
Have spent too long in the sun today = headache. Also, hate 80% of things i have bought. 
@TiaColleen I feel you. I'd prefer a 1 piece too, but the top problem is a bear.  Haven't worn a suit since 2005  When I was a size 4 
@melwhiteWTF Have fun tonight without me! I'm so bummed I can't come! 
@skynellor YES...after your birthday soiree for sure. I miss you babes! Haven't seen you in forever and we live in the same damn city! 
Haven't slept in over 24 hrs and can't to to sleep at all. Have a wedding to go to 
Have a good trip then,  im sorry not near a computer cant
Have an interview set up and need to extend my stay now. I will not be able to attend. 
Have a video done, but my computer won't save it.  AHHH!!! I've been trying all day.  
Have arrived in okahoma city and the traffic suuucks 
Have come to the realization that I might actually have a cold  *I* don't get sick.
@p_puddleduck where r u?? Haven't talked 2 u all day 
@shelbyuf2013  be happy tonight! Have fun...this is it remember!
Have successfully not run into anyone I know. The steampunk stuff is all spread out this year. 
@mbeasi @calaggie I found an 8-pack of it once, but it was the last one on the shelf. Haven't seen it anywhere since 
@sukaira  wish I was there. Have fun!
Haven't been on twitter all day   j
Have a headache... meh.  At work on my day off cause it's better then being at home.
Haven't updated all day! ahh cuz my laptops not working too good 
@waysidedrive  Have a great show! Wish I could go but still too sick. 
@andrewbarnett Writing is coming along ok...big sprint of work today and tomorrow. Have had to give up time with the girl to do 
@flyingjenny so frustrating! Have friends visiting from out of town; sorry can't chat more 
@carajean24 ack i'm not leaving until 2 or so. Have an eye doc appointment in the morning 
Have been sleeping most of the day, have a bad cold and it draining me, so tired 
Going to bed.  Have to work tomorrow.  
Have to get ready for work soon. Another late shift on call 
@CelebStylist I know! Isn't it amazing! haha!!! I just got home from downtown. I'm exhausted! Have to bee at work at 7am too 
Haven't read a novel since long...... 
I should have gone to bed a loooong time ago! Have to start moving at 8am!   I hate moving!
@bobbyprom  Have any of your replacement cards arrived yet?
Have had a migraine most of the day. What a way to waste the weekend 
Have a lazaaay sunday at homeeeey. Hoaaaahm. I miss him 
Have all my twitter followings gone to bed?   
@petrushyna @klamma @sebastiankelle I won't make it to attend the summer school  Have a great time there! #telss09
Have to stop eating this almond praline otherise there will be none left for pudding.. but I have no self control 
Have got my phone back. Now it's boring... On sunday I can't go shopping  I'll take a bath.
@Croftybaby Have a great time! I went in winter - always wanted to go back in the summer 
Working today     but I suppose if I wasn't I'd be tempted to sit out and get fried (again) Have to look on the bright side!
Ugh. Have to revise! 
Have to study  - Not happy at all.
Have to go to brother-in-law's house today.  Not sure if I'll be connected at all   we'll see.
@_spikes_  Nopeeee  Have Youu ? x
Enjoying my first day off after 4 weeks by sleeping all day!!..Lierally! Haven't moved a muscle and don't plan to..back to the grind tomm 
Trying to sleep between night shifts. Last one tonight. Have managed to wake up and now can't get back to sleep 
Have to keep out the sun now or I'll burn 
@annadiaz That really sucks!!!  Have you tried talking to him/her/them about it?
@treemama  bad rain! We were just talking about the need for some &quot;tent time&quot; around here. Have a good sunday
Have been fined twice already.Seems to be the way to get around here 
You have no idea how messy my room is. Haven't even made the bed in 4 days - and I have no idea where my shorts are 
@snowqueen297 Have fun with trouble....sent you a message you never got back. 
Have to take hubby to the airport today.    He'll be gone for four days.
@SapphireElia woop same! Haha but I've been using fake tan too! LOL how are you? Haven't tweeted u in agges haha  xx
@JeepersMedia Haven't been able to get any audio on the last couple videos 
Have i ever mentioned how much i hate shop rite? I don't wanna work, i wanna sleep! 
@ahj I'm gonna listen in to the surgery. Haven't tuned in for a while now  It's all this revision, pfft. Lol, anyway hope it's good -x
@masonpants You're probably right there. It looks delicious though. Haven't eaten today as @mrskennett isn't here to feed me 
@BrumGPA I wouldn't mind (as much) if it wasn't like the most disgusting picture of me everr. Have no idea how they found it like. 
Have a sore foot today  It involves my toenail, a couch and a pair of open toe mules, won't bore you with details.... but It's agony!
Have the mobility of a 90 year old after hardcore exercise session yesterday.  Muscles are killing me 
@Ames1103 Have fun!!! I hope your eyes get betta.  I blocked those peeps!! On my way to get ready. Have a great day!
Haven't put on mascara or eyeliner in four days...there's no point 
@TexasJackFlash Doing fine and you?  Have household chores to do today. Have to try to get kids to do theirs. 
Have a bad head Not from sun or alcohol unfortunately 
Finally @XxMilkyxX has done his revision for the day! Have made it to the pool, then realised I have ear infection so can't partake, doh 
Haven't seen my pussy since yesterday morning. 
Haven't been on in forever 
Have had a great day out in the sunshine - have to go make dinner now 
Have to study...so boring  hate it!
@hotsports my tree is still broken  Have to remember to call the gardener, thinking I need a whole new tree. lol
Have an emergency recovery meeting 
Have to go back to work tomorrow 
@evil_sin lol, yea im from the big smoke (london). Have u ever been 2 london? i'd rather be sexy then cute  lil puppies are cute
Looking for the pr I sent out yesterday to see if anyone picked it up.  Haven't found it yet. 
Have over 10 more pages to build of our magazine supposed to be online tomorrow! 
Have to go back to work tom 
maybe I'll just go to bed and start afresh in the morning. Have to go to work tomorrow tho  boo!
is home from recording session. Now exhausted but still have to help G cook and cut J's hair. Have begged for an hour to myself. Denied. 
Have Tipjoy account now, but all buttons are javascript, which myspace won't allow. 
@justjimmyjimmy sorry  Have fun
Zzhh... off to bed. Have to be at work at 8.30 2moro. It's a holiday... 
Have a headache so I'm gonna take a nap before the big game. 
@frankiedelgado Have a blast, I wish I was going  Have fun!
Have to go to school 
@SharonDV nope. Haven't called. They were supposed to call my mom back but they didn't. 
Have been lax on tweeting lately, I am a bad tweeter 
Have a really bad headache that it's making me sick 
Going to pull an all-nighter to get going with thesis paper - p.7  . Have to stay up for the boy anywas who lost his keys due to drunkness
@leahmarcella I would have gone with you! But I was full  Have fun, lovey!
Haven't seen 360 yet 
 Have to drive home now &amp; leave the show in the middle.........be back soon!
Still at home and sick   Should I go to work? Have to 
A case of web designers block today! Have been working on the @bigclickstudios new website. Struggling to come up with something I like 
Have been headachy all day and can't even take a panadol 
Have been neglecting my camera for the past 2 weeks 
Plans changed yesterday for the internet shop so it is delayed once more   Have, however, found more photos to use so that is really good!
@karinb_za yep  Have you heard of the twitter cullens? I am following them - they're funny!
Have just waved goodbye to my 11 y/o baby girl who is going on a week long field trip with her school. I miss her already 
Have to go to the dentist today  nice day for it I guess ...
Pens lost 3-1 last night  Have faith.
Haven't replied to email in days or responded to posts much. Apologies to everyone 
Have you ever just been sitting there, thinking, think of something funny... then laugh and blow some snot out? I hate that. 
Trying to edit this blog template  Have no idea.
It's time to bid you all a fond adieu! Have to be back here at 7am for a breakfast meeting - yikes! And there won't even be good coffee 
So busy. Have 4 websites to build and I want them all to be completed this month. Three of them are way overdue 
Have no seat on train during this mornings commute 
Have a urge to go swimming in the sea....  but also need a job, so no hols yet! 
@PureSimplicity thanks Cuzo!! Have a great day! I am still in bed...having a late start too - humph 
Writing a letter for tomorrow - applying for primary school for daughter. Haven't been writing anything longer than 140chars for a while 
Have to die hair tonight, roots are showing, seems to grow so much quicker in summer 
@childrensjewell Wish I'd been outside  Have been working on laptop with breaks for laundry &amp; tidying 
Have been a less than wonderful wife today.. 
I love toy story and pumped for toy story 3 but! Have to wait until next year 
Ticket sales person today called me sir. Have i gotten to that age to be sir 
Have just run out of things to jet-wash 
Haven't felt this bad in a long time... 
Just got off the bus and am walking home. Have so much to do tonight as have german oral and history rxam tomorrow!!! 
Have coffee and breakfast with my pups, not walking very well today   I did way to much in the studio yesterday.
Have to run back and forth between places before work today. Wouldn't need to do that if only I could apparate. 
Have to get back to &quot;watching what I eat&quot; again, have gone buck wild with food and bev since honeymoon.  
What a busy day, can't believe it's nearly 5pm!  Haven't been out all day, other than to get some milk first thing...  
@AshleyTylerRix I'm SO jealous!!  Have so much fun!!
Goona leave office now. Have to start early tomorrow 
Ugh! I'm so bored! Have to go to art class!  just wanna get good to my guitar! &lt;3
Have not had a moment to myself at home for days...hubby is always there  Trying to staff off when he is around to keep the peace
@eminiwizard There is one of those setups a day. Haven't had one today though, so I sit. 
@vickixashton i have.. 19 days left, and.. I Have 10 exams left! 
Not feeling well. Have to go to work anyway, just planned a long vacation next month and cant afford the extra time off 
can't get rid of the &quot;have I left the immersion on&quot; feeling. Have to go into work to check something  anyone in town? #fb
I'm wondering how my friend D is doing. Haven't heard from her since last Thurs 
@catiemonster  On my birthday? Have you no heart?
Have to go to summer skool this year  fucken lame 
@davecurlee  Just a few hours behind you guys. Have a safe landing.
@Parentella yeah, last night was actually a good night! (it's mostly when it gets cold like this that it happens). Have a cough tho. 
@ddlovato Have fun tonight demi!.. I wanna go out!  but I have homework LOL
@BDPPhoto Have fun! I don't think we're going to make it! 
Just came from dentist.. Have to get my wisdom teeth pulled!!!! 
Have had 2 nosebleeds this morning and now have a blinding headache 
@_runaway_ Wish I could. I'm stuck in the kitchen.  Have fun!
@Sweetnote Have to tell you I'm bummed....I missed your ode to coffee this morning!! 
Have to eff'n format my lappy tonight due to a dodgey free vpn application. 
Have a major headache !!!!!  
Have no beer  have no money  its ok I have rum and diet coke ;)
Have sooo many projects for this friday  fml.
woah last tweet 21 days ago  ... Haven't been feeling good, I still don't
@ElwoodJBlues I will be so glad when it cools off tonight. Have felt so yick at work tonight so far 
Ugh! Have the hiccups 
@heardy wait, how old are you? Have you stolen my reign of youngest at massive? 
Getting really really worried about @shanayancy   Haven't heard from her in a few days.
Have have minor surgery tomorrow, can't sleep and nothing to eat or drink in 30 minuets  
@yomissb yeap   Have you?
Have to make it a habit to practice piano everyday. Or else I'll make lots of mistakes at the anniversary of my grandparents when I play 
@teslaman2003 Haven't seen it.  Haven't really spent much time looking around online 
ooor any movie. Haven't watched one recently. 
I can't sleep again.  Have to wake up for uni in 4 hours (
I am currently at work right now! Haven't had breakfast yet 
Ah! Have to go to school 
Haven't seen a sign of @timvdl at twitter for days 
Have started to forget what clouds look like. You just know it's going to start pissing it down on 9/6 at 1200h, then not stop till 22/6 
@MollieOfficial  Have fun on tour ! I wish I could see you on stage ... 
Have a look at the aquatics info on Asdas website, oh dear! 
Now I have my Tickets - I can get excited and start countdown - 5 days to go - Have no idea how I am going to get there 
feeling about 20% better today. Able to take a short walk without screaming. Have hope for a quick recovery by the weekend. No century 
Have a stupid resume workshop today, where I'll probably be meeting a bunch of people I actually DON'T want to spend five hours with 
Wow! Haven't done that in awhile...hitting the accelarates and not the brake...poor car 
Have to go back to work tomorrow 
Have no idea how I am able to keep my eyes open! I wont be able to get any slp until after my two o clock lab! 
Have to take my iPhone in for repair today..  The little silver button on the side just fell off the other day!!!    #fb
Haven't seen much pics from there either; now I got a link from @ropemarks and behind a friggin' firewall at work. So far for pr0n @ work 
@DevonHernandez Haven't yet.  I need to do that today.
Have so decided I'm the worlds worst mum 
@mdquilter I know all about that little vanity!  Have had to give it up tho - forced now to wear bifocals.  
@MatthewFroese That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Taking a 5 minute breathing. Haven't even had time for lunch yet. 
Have twisted my knee playing tennis ... its not good 
Just came back from another roadride. Haven't been on offroad tracks for a while now...  
@oneofthosefaces I'm sorry.  Have you talked to her much in the past? I'm jealous you got to talk to her, ha-ha! Even an argument is good!
Bad day's almost over. Have a bad evening for a few hours, though before I can head home. 
@juiceegapeach mostly.  Have to see a specialist in a few days.  Seems like all my injuries are sex related.  
Have an exam on thursday 
Hey twitterverse... I forgot you were out here. Have you been cold and sad 
Have to study  
Just heard a loud crashing from inside my house. Have walked around house, cannot find any evidence of crash. Not scary at all 
Have to go to farm tomorrow 
I have two files that call the grim reaper when saved with CygnusED. Have to find the cause. Not allowed to send the files in bugreport 
Have u ever been so high your voice sounds 1000x's louder than it really is...? 
Haven't worked in 4 days. Feels very useless. Sit around the house and doing nothing is &quot;fun&quot; 
@ejsoto what happened?   Have fun!
To bad i worked tell 10 tonight i wanted to party in tacoma  @amberhamilton @julieannaj @tjlibra Have a drink for meeee!!! &lt;3
@RobinRene That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Have to write up my case study today and it has to be in tomorrow  god damn twitter made me forget lol, how is everyone?
Have not twittered in 15 days!? GOO'NIGHT.. 
Again forgot a frnds' bday  hate doing this! Have everything in my calender but i kinda miss it at the last moment!!!
@Postaltoots Dont know if thats good or bad.  Have had so many grumpy customers this week shall be almost glad if the sun dont shine  xx
@star_pixie uh lucky, it's dull and grey today here   Have a nice day x
@Jase88 I would have come last night too, but I can't even get out of bed  Have a good time!
Have to go to a meeting I don't want to go to 
Have a monster toothache  But still ate cake with my lil brother, for his birthday... such a chore lol.
Haven't even got to work yet &amp; already I'm countin' down to finishing time! 
Have been really busy and have missed you all so much 
Have to go to work on such a nice day 
@pizzle_bunnick I passed it on to you...that is bullshit!!  Have you taken anything???
Have to take the last final of the last day of school the only final i had to take... This sucks! 
Have a bad head cold 
Morning All. Have a French exam today 
@Shiminay Have a graze on one arm and bruise on the other and it was only meant to be a light session, match tonight 
#howarewe 1/10 Not happy, just little things pissing me off today. Have a migraine and need to revise/work. Just hate everything today 
Trying to pry my eyes open. Have to work today 
Haven't been able to be on twitter as much as I would like.  The wifi guy keeps screwing up my access, and I don't get time for the comp 
@mumphlett - What's up? I am here..Have a lil summer cold 
@fallenaphrodite What's going on hun? Haven't heard from you in awhile 
Have not had much time to tweet due to my new job 
happy that I passed my degree program with a B average! Have to wait a month before I get the dipolma in the mail 
Have to go the orthodontist! 
@spacepal sallllyyyy is there any big planniness for this eve? Have heard scott isn't going  is everyone looking flaky?
@westernslopetix I'm so bummed about not being able to see them. Have family in town (leaving tomorrow) and I came down with bronchitis 
Haven't been to city in awhile I guess..some familiar spots have disappeared 
Haven't done any revision today, been playing sims 3 all day. This is baad 
Haven't really updated in a min, haven't been doing anything so interesting lately haven't had any sudden theories I feel so unpreductive 
can't sleep    Have to be up at 4:30 am and I'm still up
Have a verryyy bad headache 
@HenleyFenix Have a stopover in phoenix.    Looks nice to visit. Reminds me I missed you 
@cindywaffles @platypusfactory Have either of you heard from him today?  I have a feeling that he's not on his way to nyc.  
Have to get back to work, regardless if my tummy's upset. 
Getting ready to make the cake for tomorrow.  Have to wear my back brace.  No fun there.  
Have I mentioned lately how much I hate finals? I am so fucked. 
@ftwcandice lameee  she lives off pershing &amp; semoran. Have any idea where that is? Lol
@x_maricca_x I won't be outside whole weekend. Have to study 
Morrisons had no wii points cards in stock although they were clearly advertising them as in-stock. Have to buy on the console itself 
@evanielsen WTF? Haven't talked to your dad in 3 months? Don't get along well with him? 
Haven't worked out since last week and haven't really been eating healthy  http://myloc.me/2I4k
Have done a good job this week avoiding her (note things that I am good at), but have a hard time being nice when I have to 
Have a good night cowboys. tomorrow will be the last day of school  nuoohh.
8.5 hours work on 43 minutes sleep.  blehhhh. Bring on 2:30. Have a lovely weekend children.
@Lefreak78 Haven't heard much from you today, makes me sad. 
Is that the sound of the rain? Haven't heard it for a week or so. It's cold, too 
Babysitting.. Have no signal .....  lonely
@chickenofthesea  I'm jealous. Have fun!
Have a biggg headache 
Oh man. Haven't checked tweets all day. So behind. 
@Kalijames Congrats!!!!  I would've signed up for that if it wasn't during the game.    Have a blast!
@crowderband ... i wish i was there   oh well.   Have fun 
Have to sit this one out 
@shiraz_ali That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Have to work tomorrow. 
@spunky_monkey Have u thought about getting a new doctor?  U've been so sick in the last few months, so many times.  Doesn't make sense! 
Have to work tomorrow at 6:30 am - 3:00 pm.  I never have any family time now that I work every weekend 
Have a cold  in south carolina driving around trying to find something to do...
Have to be up in the morning  suppose I better go to bed before 6.
thanks all for the #followfriday...hugs to you all.  Have a great weekend. can't be on here all night, have important work to do at work  
Have to go and clean the bathroom now. 
@kirstiealley Making a pot of coffee and working all night...  Have some fun for me please.
Have to clean my house before the estate agent inspects it... 
Have fun @jefftomyleft, @amytee, @beefchurro and happy birthday to @urbanbutterfly!!! Wish I could be there! 
Have a headache...goin to bed  
One of the chrome wheels has sprinkler water spots that wouldn't come out    Have never had to polish them before, not sure how, sigh
Out tonight...one of my sweetheart is really sick. Haven't seen her like this ever. I hope she gets better! poor thing! 
Ah cant sleep!! Have a headache from being so hot. I just want to sleep 
@continuum lucky. Haven't even ran all week 
I have to practice my signature. Have books to sign &amp; my writing is chicken scratch. 
@morningreverie I feel your pain! I have work yet again  well things can only get better. Have u got anything planned for tomorrow?
@FizzyDuck  Have to fix broken things today   A trip to B&amp;Q looks on the cards - What about you( besides shopping )
Have woken to grim miserable weather. Pants. No sky jumping or long bike rides 
Have cold, not happy 
Have woken up with the biggest headache ever 
@mnstrsnmnchkns Thanks.. I just hope the sun comes out... what bad weather today.. she should have done it last weekend  Have a fab day x
Have to have tea as we have run out of coffee 
Have a bad feeling... 
Haven't had breakfast yet I want crunchy nut but we've run out 
@drealoveslife how are you my darling? Haven't talked to you in ages 
LEAVING.  Have a good night everyone. ;) Have a great weekend. B-)
@sandwichgirl24 I Only Have 51 
Have pink eye 
1 or more lights shifted btween 1st 2 render sets and next 4 sets, so they can't blend together. Have to re-animate couple hundred frames 
iPhone being soooo slow today  But have to venture out of the comforts of the apartment today.. Have a business meeting at 5.
Have let wife have the laptop; she's found it has games  No more more tweeting during the match sadly
@vanessaftw yay you! I am afraid to get back on mine. Haven't been to gym in weeks, been eating a lot on dates. 
@Alicatcuz Have fun!  I miss the ocean  
@StewartKris Have you seen the message I sent @kristenstewart9?  I hope you did :-&lt;
Have i told you how much i LOVE not sleeping 
Have a lovely saturday evening all, I'm off to get drunk and then regret it in the morning when I remember I have work 
Have a busy schedule today. Have two graduations to go to. Fun fun not really 
@berkleys Yay! Have fun and give Cathy my hellos and xoxox's please  Have a great weekend, miss you dudes.  Next year!
Have u ever jus wanted 1 moment 2 last forever? now uk how i feel. 
worked the whole day  now it's time to celebrate marcs b-day in paderborn! Have a nice evening xoxo
@dgabby16 &amp; noo  I need to go shopping !!! Have u found anything yet ?!
@doginyerpocket http://twitpic.com/5rthc oh sh... i know how you fell. Have the same problems once the week 
*Have you ever been at some place recognizing everybody's face until you realize that there was no one there you knew?* I feel invisible 
@drewcipher No, I'm in sunny socal. Have skool next weekend so can't make it up after all. 
Have an awfull headache right now 
Have to go out, walk to the library and return a book at 11.30 pm 
@DianaLeeIris Awww, that sucks *hugz*  Have you been able to talk to him about this between just the two of you?
Have been wishing for a quiet weekend home for SO long. Now that I have it, I am not liking how obvious it is that the husband isn't here 
Getting worried about project deadline ! Have done very little yet  !
@muttiworld oh  it's truly not the same just seeing the bits, or do they have the whole genesis of it posted online?? Haven't been there
@love_purple wish I was there. Haven't tried that one yet 
Have to work tonight 
I'm awake and i can't fall asleep. Have work in a few hours. 
Have lost my shoe 
Walking home from heaton park! Have been for about 45mins now! Losing the will to live! I'm not even in town yet 
@DavidArchie I wish I could come see you tonight! But I didnt get tickets  You'll do amazing! Have fun!
Have a headache 
Staying in tonight and watching tv. Have to get up early tomorrow for a meeting. 
Haven't been feeling too good all day today. I need some chicken soup 
Have updated the blog winningafortune.blogspot.com , not such a good day today 
Have updated the blog http://winningafortune.blogspot.com , not such a good day today 
@lorene1voice I am so envious that u r not dealing w/ allergies at moment. Have found it hard to stay awake today 
Have to get a needle today 
@SashaKane I'd probably say that. I'm a hopeless romantic. Have lots of love in my heart but no one to share it with. 
I'm waiting for my 'date' to pick me up, my lovely sweet girlfriend. Haven't had a girls night in ages. There's no good movies 2 see 
Have my niece tonight and she doesn't feel very good... 
Have a terrible headache right now 
Have a very strange pain that the back of my head, second day with it, if I die avenge me by kicking the shit outta hats. 
@Bluedice0003 Have fun...I'm at the station. 
Heading to bed early tonight. Have to get up at 5am 
Home now and will be off to bed early. Have to work in the morning. 
in good news: Have probably found the new apt. bad news: now I have to pack up &amp; move. 
@gavincreel hope they will all spread the loVe! And wish I could see the show myself.  Have fun tomorrow!! I'll be rooting for you.
@jukekartel don't make it too long b4 u grace us with your presence again boys  Have fun taking over the world with your tunes xo
Talking to my cousin. Haven't seen her 10 years  only a couple more days!!
Ugh..  so stressed out.. Have a big headache...
Oh...time to get off, wish I was going home to someone  Have to go to mommies award ceremony luncheon later...
@ClaireA Have you got sunshine? We haven't 
Have to start doing yesterday's dishes  pots, pans, plates, cutlery, glasses, bowls for 8 -  I really wish I had a dishwasher 
I'm officially sick! I have a sickening headache and weary eyes... feel dizzy when walking. Have to rest all day I guess... 
Heading off to bed. Have a long day of job applications and trying to navigate the norf shore roadways ahead of me.  G'night tweet world!
@xxandip You too! Have fun at the gym 
One very nice geek will be sorely missed for @geeksonaplane   Have a safe flight all the others!
Have trouble transferring some money 
@iamhelenharrop I'm too busy making games to attend games conferences  Speaking of which...I'd better stop slacking. Have fun..
@heidiheartshugs LOL.  Have you no heart at all?  
Haven't been eating well lately 
bones was quite adrenaline-y. Haven't made much progress on samurai sudoku 
@green_i_girl Aww, poor girl. I'm about to go to bed. need to get up at 10am my time.  I'll catch you later. Have fun at breakfast. xoxo
Have to leave and go to work after the 2nd service 
@jen_christie I know!  But knowing you, you will have enough fun (&amp; wine ; )) for the both of us!! Have an awesome time! xxxxx
Haven't done any revision  going to town now see ya
Have to work til 8 someone please text me to keep me alive...please?  
Have to finish 2 chemistry papers by tonight!!! 
@scarlettlillian Have fun today!! So sorry I had to call in at the last minute..thought I could pull it off w/ 2.5 hours of sleep 
@tasha_pencil NO but I've always wanted to!  Have you?
I love everyone. Have a great day, I just woke upppp  didn't sleep much
@drops_of_dmb will do! Haven't had much luck in my search though 
Have to go drop my sister off at a birthday party  Now that I'm dressed.. I'll probably be addicted to going outside!
@virginia04 so bummed I won't get to meet ya  next time. Have an awsome day girl!!
Have to be in the wards by 8am tmrw  I thought we're supposed to be on holiday..
@xlad link, link? Have you done a mix and not told me? 
Have to go make lunches for tomorrow. Right when I wanted to watch the movie 
Haven't twittered in a while i was so busy at she workhouse, and i got a meeting afterwards  i'll tell u how it goes.
@mewize Thats where I should be going   Have fun! and thank you!!
Haven't twittered in a while i was so busy at the workhouse, and i got a meeting afterwards  i'll tell u how it goes.
Have to go into work.  Really don't want to 
Haven't drivin this since minivacay07!! 
Have had 2 great parties from neighbours...unfortunately it was raining 
Finished eating. Have a headache. 
@ChristineHitt me neither. But I got hook ups as a realtor. I'd share my secret but I may get in trouble.  sorry!  Have a nice day!
Have a man from heaven coming to install sky+ hd in my room tomorrow,shame i can only use it for 2 months 
Whoops ive just dropped my phone now it wont switch on or charge and I have lost the back of my phone. Have a feeling im gonna get killed 
Have to wait 3 weeks to find out if I am pregnant or not.. 
@kjgriffin18 Thanks you too! Luckyy! I only see them once this summer  Have fun!! 
@ASinisterDuck  Have a good time anyway pal  (Y)
Have a cold and sore stomach.  That is all 
has to attend an issue-tracker conference call..So much for being on-call! Have to miss dance class today 
Have exam tomorrow. I'm going to faaaaaiiil. 
@JerseyBop Congrats on being picked! I am so jealous, I didn't get picked for mine.  Have a great time!!!
Have to be up in 5 and a half hours 
@Pepperfire phew one minute to go - was doing dishes sorry  Have a good night and see ya soon xo
Have u ever needed to take a shit while ur out in public  its a bad feeling lol
@EricaMueller Have a good night we'll miss you at the party 
Too many things on my mind...  can't sleep. Have to work tomorrow..
@babymakes7 idk. Haven't been sleeping well lately.   if you remind me around 10ish ill do it then. 
Have the biggest headache ever. Trying to get asleep but failing 
@qtvt bummer  we will miss you. Have a safe trip back and we will see you next week.
Have completly torn apart the apt for the inspection tomorrow- Both closets are n the car and the cat is worried that we r leavin her 
Have purring cat on my lap but need to go shopping  #crazycatlady
going for a medical appointment... Have to deal with one nagging medical problem... 
Have to get up early for school tomorrow   too tired.....but I know I'll be able to do it anyways, lol! ;)
Have a migraine with 8.5 hours more of work to complete 
Have to go to cuz house, with a headach. How fun! 
Have a fever 
Have u ever realized that something u never imagined u would need is the one thing u want the most now that its gone? 
waiting for our new fridge to arrive. Have been waiting for an hour &amp; a half and still no sign of it  not cool
oh dear the man has arrived with the key, better do some work!  Have fun guys i will return x
I'm gonna go night night. Have to wake up at 345am 
On my way to college! Have lots of work to do 
Have to be at work in like 5 hours and I can't sleep YEKES!! 
is going to have to get a new tyre today  Have you seen the prices of them though? They're blaming it on the inflation.
@kovshenin hey wordpressaholic! Have you found any hooks for when widgets are put in a sidebar / inactive state? I can't 
feel really bad going to bed so early last night. Have calculated that it's made me miss out on 21 votes!! :O I feel like such a let down 
Have to work 6 days straight. 
just been in newsagents, guy gave me a ripped up fiver as change for my oyster top up! Have since repaired it, but it still looks dodgy 
Have to be awake in 2 hours and yet here I am tossing and turning thinking the same things. What a great life! 
Have to go to the doctors today, I hate the doctors! 
Have netball training early again tomorrow morning.. starts at 6:30am... I don't do mornings 
Have my eng assignments to do. Not feeling too good today 
omg ii miss my brutherr already  ... Have fun in lebanon!!
Haven't paid council tax for the 2 years ive been in my flat, &amp; just got the bill... ouch.. massively epic fail 
Still tired from yesterday. Have zero motivation to get up and go  going back to sleep for a few more hours.
Have the worst feeling right now, mix of anger, frustration, sadness, nervousness and abandonment 
@randomblonde I`m fine thanx!!! Have a day of today too and it feels sooooo good...but not good for the aussies tho... 
It's so cloudy today, boo hoo  Have no lunches planned today, so the canteen will have to do today.. 
@buffysquirrel That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
It's official, I'm sick. Have a fever, my throat is killing me, I gotta terrible cough &amp; my body is hurting all over 
@joeymcintyre all that twittering and I missed you   Have a sweet day off!
Have to finish up the software arch doc  gym'ku 2day boongu
Haven't been twitting...nothing to twitt about 
Have to wait another day to get the album 
Haven't enjoyed my house in over a month, back to work 
Have to wait for the maintenance guy today. Pipes in building getting a makeover and bathroom sink went haywire this weekend 
ehh - car repairs are so expensive. Have to get front calibers, rotors and pads replaced. Over $600.00 
Just back from school. I've got a bad result from the Dutch key. Have to make it again next monday 
@val_beck I know  my no fun zone really will be the no fun zone. Have I mentioned I don't like her?
Have a sinking feeling that I am going to be late for work today. I hate not having my truck. 
@EricaHeartsYou naaaw. Have you slept at all?! 
Have one extremely crabby baby right now. 
Have the odds gotten better to win the free iPhone from #squarespace? The are not even topping out on the trending topics  #squarespace
Have to leave unconf to go meet w/ vendors   #sla2009
Have to go to gym for weight lifting in 15 minutes Euhh! 
@NextwaveRay Have not.....heard it was sad 
@bobbythomas1 I just missed you   Have a great day.
Have been feeling really ill all day  think it is due to too much time sitting in the sun yesterday- that'll teach me!
@runningaway8 I am craving a hot milo.  Have no milk or milo... desperate   am drinking water, very boring!
@KourtneyKardash I'll be home working, I miss your fams show   Have a nice day!!
@twasadark  my boss is on vacation, which means life is good. Have some of my happy, okay?
Haven't got much credit left 
Have to change my research question for my honors thesis. This is terrible news 
Have tried to be nice about it, but that term and &quot;retard&quot; really really hurt sometimes 
Have to do some geography homework. I don't want to  so tired today.
@PRsarahevans Oh crap... I'd so go but I have a class to teach.  Next time. Have a good one. #140conf
@NicoleIntravia I wish I was gooooing with you  Have fun, send me texts if the awkwardness becomes unbearable ;D
Sitting here eating chicken noodle soup. Have to get ready for work in like 15 mins . And now I work tomorrow 9 to 4 
Haven't driven in way too long... 
Second abnormal pap test  Have to see a specialist!
Why did director decide to take a meeting that still isn't over before finishing reading my grant proposal? Have to stay 'til it's in. 
Have been at work for two hours and have accomplished....nothing. And there is so much to do ... 
@abbyschim just dropping my brother off. I don't feel good  wish I could come though! Have fun!!!
@msblessness That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Have been trying to catch on some videos... but my volume is not WORKING! So frustrating 
Have been home for a while + wasting time. I'm tired! I'm afraid to go back to bed, though, b/c I don't want a return of the nightmares. 
@meaganxtine  That's no fun! Have a happy birthday anyway!! lots of love!!!!!!!
Have you ever had one of those days where you just felt like crying...that's how I feel right now 
Have to get some groceries again seems like everything runs out at once 
@campingtent  R U still up at the lake?? Haven't seen any tweets from you for like a month.    lb
My organizer is keeping me on track...except for my personal blog  Have a bunch of topics though that I keep in the organizer
Yawning here .  Going to go to bed early tonight. Have a good one everyone!
Haven't tweeted in like 10 days and still pulling in followers. Too bad they're spam 
Have an exam soon 
Haven't got a chance 2 tweet all that much!! 
Have 2 turn in my report 2morrow n other compiled work!!! I hope I finish early!! I can't stand working long hours anymore!!! 
@meganmkessler @kevintbrooks I'm missing out  I miss you guys! Have fun
Thanks everyone for letting me know about the broken link. Have fixed the link but now we've down for maintenance 
Haven't talked to any humans for the past 1 hour 
Haven't updated my twitter a lot today. 
Also feel guilty and sad that the person who I avoid was an integral part of my life! Have a long way to go in handling these situations 
the neighbor's trampoline just totally rolled through our garden in this big storm. Have some clean up in the morning.  
Have had the best rainy day fun- riding a tram, splashing in puddles and aquarium. One downer- I lost my new hat 
Having a little something to eat.  Have to fast until after my 1:00pm doctor appt.  
Haven't been tweeting so much lately, kind of makes me sad 
Have not been very creative lately in the lab or the rehearsal room 
@davesnyder no - I'm so bummed, wish I was going... its only a short drive from here too!  Have a cocktail for me with everybody 
Finally going to bed. Have to wake up at 5am.  This just sucks.
@LariiTran ahahaa, english!  Haven't started.
@numberchic I really want to see that one.  Have to wait for dvd which I will hire and not watch then finally catch it on tv in 5 years 
Have a lovely day tweeters, i'm off to sulk because of lack of tea bags 
Just woke up, Have an exam at half one, I Really cant be bothered. I just feel like lying in  X
@jaystokes4 very true! At least your up being productive, I'm up trying to go to sleep. Haven't slept much in days 
@thisdaylastyear those motorola routers crash on too many incoming connections on wifi. Have to go hardwired 
@alexandrargh hope you get better real soon! Haven't seen u in yonks 
got to sleep somewhere after 5 this morning. Have had to reschedule all teaching as getting up at 6 for school was not happening. 
It's not a joking matter really. Have been made redundant before and hope I don't have to go there again 
last night made a cracking baked tatty, hung out with a pug and watched city of god. Have to walk 2 miles to a post office at lunch 
good luck with the moving out, you're probs gone now!  weird. Have a good journey home x
@TalkBackWCPO oh goodie.  Haven't seen them yet and I'm still on a quarter of a tank.  Have they cleared 3 yet?? 
Have you ever farted yourself awake? Not fun to be scared awake by a loud noise then the smell hits 
getting ready for the day. Have to go talk to the judge today 
Have you ever got the impression a customer may be lying to you? It's a very hard position to deal with 
@brian_nathaniel That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
I'm sleepy. Haven't done any homeworks yet!  wow it's raining so hard.. I hope classes would be suspended tomorrow! haha 
@msigner Wish I could make the meeting!! Got another appoint at the same time!   Have a good one and fill me in later. Thks for invite!
Have got a second round interview for a job tomorrow! Suit pressed, shoes shined, beard shaved 
Have to, need to study more. 
Haven't had a cigarette for two weeks, feel like pulling the head off a baby rabbit 
Have to get ready to take my son to the bus stop for his last day of kindergarten 
Morning tweets, I think I blew out the battery on my lap top last night?? Have an appointment for today. Now I am tethered to the wall 
@chamada so I won't be bumping into you again  Have a fantastic trip!
Have insomniasex &quot;rate my puppy&quot; (misspelt on purpose, t9's a star!) &amp; &quot;make money 4 u&quot; following now! 
@danespinoza I spilt shit on my phone so it hasn't been working. Haven't got a replacement yet 
Have a storm moving in- its very dark/ thunder &amp; lightening getting closer...may not get to stay in twitterland this moning 
@mission4mars37 poor honey  Have you been to doctor already ?
@mitzs I like the camera so far.  Haven't gotten to play much with it though  #squarespace
@endlessblush lol. Thks. I dont think I even have any here  Haven't had it in ages. As a kid I used to have a mug every nite b4 bed 
@rereality Of course I remember..and as you can tell, my old ways have not subsided! Lol. Have fun drinking! I'll be working 
Have a very sore cheek from getting smacked in the face by the ball in rounders 
thinkin about my sister. Haven't seen her in a while 
@loritodd I can't, I have class tonight  U going? Have fun!
sick  going home now.. Have a good rest of the day, everyone!
@HolisticMom Haven't had more than 9 ppl showing on my list to add to groups for weeks now...  come on #tweetdeck, get a grip..
bbbbbboooored today. Have come to the awful conclusion that I have no proper friends. 
Have an hour left  the reason we r doing this is bc of  finalls  can't wait till aftr class I love my next 2 periods
Ugh. Have to pay $138 for my speeding ticket and I'll also get one point. 
Have to wash clothes and curtains today. 
Haven't seen my dad since last friday. miss him so much. 
@michellebeckham Now my invitation is crapped out. Have to wait a month for another one. Having a bad month 
Have been a really bad teacher today   - (sadly as in a load of rubbish and not just naughty).
Have a stupid virus on my other comp  on the brightside the sun is out and music is blaring x
Have sore throat of impending doom and a desperate desire for some chamomile tea and chocolate.  Not a happy bunny.
is having an early night. Have to get up at about 6.30am to get my final art class 
Have some sort of stomach virus, not how I planned on spending my day 
Have to cancel my gym membership out here  and have to pay 50 bucks and show proof that I'm moving. WTF!
Have to get used to being up early. 
@Jreinhold206  miss you guys already. Have a safe trip!
Haven't been able to get twitter on the computer all day     anyone else having trouble?
Haven't exercised today, now I feel like the biggest piece of lard in the world! 
Have torn the ligaments in my ankle and now walk like a pleb!  xXxc
Have a damn cold sore on my lip...feel ugly 
Have badly dislocated my knee       I have to head in and get it drained
so sad I'm not seeing 311 tonight    Have a great show guys!
@kiwijem don't think so - no it's not swine flu! No I am not going into quarantine. Have had same headache before.  
Have a terrible headache calling it a night 
OmG. Haven't had a sore throat this bad in years 
Have missed 2 full days of twittering b/c I can't get the app on my iphone to work.    need to look into that.
Gggrrr... Have to join facebook now 
@JonathanRKnight Wish I was there   Have a great show!!!
Haven't gotten out of my pjs today... Not feeling good 
Have to miss the area meeting tonight due to the work schedule  But still able to go hang out with people tonight, so I'm happy.
Is anyone else not getting the tweets via text?? Haven't gotten mine all day.  boooooooo
Have to keep telling myself sleep is overrated... so tired 
@jacobawhite Have you stopped twitting? 
Have a great show @priscillarenea wish I could be there but here in college  but one day for sure 
is going to bed early. Have to be at work at 5:30 am. 
@rhetorica2 Don't think that I can make it tomorrow  Have houseguest arriving at noon.
Feels hungryyy...... Haven't eat @this mornin.. 
Have to wear the penalty sombrero for the rest of the afternoon after losing in foosball 
Have to work tomorrow since my assistant manager broke her arm and is going in for surgery tomorrow #6dayworkweek 
Going to bed, sooooo tired. Have to wake up early to study 
Finished radiata stories...again. Have to replay it.....again 
Haven't finished my homework yet!  shame! :'( and I'm sleepy!
Have to take the dog a walk now. And it's raning  boo.
Have to go to school in 20 mins 
@suziperry I'm so jealous! Have you been to ascot before? I'm stuck at work 
Have eaten all of the food i packed for work and still sooo hungry 
Have to go soon. 
@monnie That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
@andreaclear not yet but I will! I've been really sick with a cold  Have a safe trip home xo
Looking forward to another beautiful day! Have to go to class.  to beautiful to be inside all morning!. Have a good day!
messed up my math exam..  Have 2 do two other exams tomorrow and then finally done!! well.. then I have to learn for my second chance..
Have a headache and in a seriously bad mood now 
Haven't sold yet, people are looking though. Most say they don't like our basement   it's pretty slow here too
@fuckyeahgia  awwww, i heard your farewell thing is on saturday. Have fun! ;)
Have to go to school today  one more day till it's over!!
Haven't went to bed.  This is bad.
I'm wasting money. T_T Haven't freezed my gym membership yet. 2 weeks na nasayang ko.  http://plurk.com/p/11mchy
Where is my pheenix  Haven't seen him all day. *sad now*
Up n out... Have to take my little snowbelle to get fixed.... 
It's back 2 work....the week I always dread   It'll be better next week though. Have a good day!
Have to go buy dog food... 
Have to go to dentist today and I am afraid I'll be told I've got the start of one or two cavities 
Have a two hour driving lesson in half an hour  http://tinyurl.com/kmjdq6
Have a chat with your ghost and maybe you'll get along better. - you: hello ghost: boo. you:  ghost: boo.... http://tumblr.com/xc722jcus
@Deidein Have to watch my dad's store while he takes care of the insurance, so I can't nap. 
@mhgoblue  that sounds terrible! Have you seen a doctor about sleep issues? I can't imagine the mix of insomnia + tired when you do sleep
no bike today  Have to wait a little longer...
Have to tidy my room - again! 
Just woke up with a headache   Have tons of laundry and cleaning to do!  And wondering if this twitter thing is actually worth my time..??
Have had a day full of the most dreadful customer service - I can't believe how rude and downright unpleasant people have been today 
 I'm mad at myself, I haven't stopped smoking yet. Haven't actually bought any but I know too many people who smoke...
Have 2 be @ the hospital @ 6:30am for Jesalyns surgery 
Haven't been on in a whillee.been a pretty lame past couple days. 
Have to go now... Have to study for my stupid physics test 
Have you ever hated yourself for staring @ the phone your whole life waitin for the ring 2prove your not alone ...   
@SteamExplosion I wish I was going  Have fun!
Have to learn 
@NS_Archives Have a good trip -- will miss my virtual vacation thru NS photos 
But today is going to be a bad day. The owner of the pet store I work at died a few days ago. Have her visitation to go to today 
Have to restart my laptop again 'cause the software wasn't able to install in my phone 'cause apparently the internet server timed out. 
@NikkiH may not make tonites event after all  Last minute changes happening to my day. Have fun, looks like it will be a good event
@dmjeanne That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Off now. Have to get out of bed early 
man I think the @neogaf assploded today for some reason.  Haven't been able to get on all day.  
man I think the #neogaf assploded today for some reason.  Haven't been able to get on all day.  
Another fucking let down. Have to wait another day 
Have to be up ridiculously early tomorrow morning, but annoyingly too nervous about it to get to sleep. 
How is it only wednesday? this week is going unbelievably slow.. Have to give a tour first thing tomorrow, I may collapse with tiredness 
@captinmo It's raining here.  Have fun!
Haven't exercised for two days 
@iran09 I can't message you back since you are not following me.  Have a friend setting up proxies for Iranians to use.
Have to be up in 3 hours. No ice cream today 
Hey ya'll! Wats up? Haven't been on im a while 
I am seriously regretting running this iPhone update. Have been without a phone all afternoon. &quot;An unknown error -9807&quot; 
@LexiRae12 I was out since 8am and by 6pm, I was so tired &amp; my feet were killing me from all the walking I did.  Have fun at the show!!
Have bunny sitting all line up for the next few days. I'm going to miss Pancakes so much....even her ginormous claws 
Have to go bed with dry feet. i have plenty of lotion at home 
@DynamicShock Have u bloghed about the sexy letters yet? I cant reach dynamicshock... 
I'm saaad. Haven't seen @caradav in two weeks!!! 
Have to get up in the morning and do a 6 mile tempo run before work.  I hate getting up early 
Have huge headache 
@sdweathers  yeah! Haven't seen or heard from u for ages! I'm doing ok, now having trouble finding a good photoframe 
@DarkAsKnight hey...Just droppin' off some love for ya.  Haven't heard from  you in a while.  Looks like I'm gonna miss all the fun tdot. 
Have a reeeally bad headache 
@definatalie shite! You haven't had it long  Have you tried kissing it better?
Have to make the chocolate mousse again  it came out super wrong!!
Ugh i'm already at work! Have been up since 5.30, rubbish!  don't honestly know how the hell my dad does it every single day!
Have you ever tried showing someone that your great, and yet some how you come off looking like the crazy person you arent? yeah! woops.. 
Up late... Have to work early 
Haven't slept the past 24 hours! am SO exhausted 
@alyssalovesm yea bad accident with tooth today bad dentist. Have 2 go again to cosmetics to get fixed  but ;) to cosmetic surg. Loves it!
Have to go to the dentist in 30 min ... do I need to say more ... 
Have you ever listened to a song that made you cry because it described exactly how you felt? Having a moment 
@andrewd9ers That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Have to stay in bed today because I pulled my back last night during training. In so much pain, and so hungry... 
Really need to figure out a sched for doing the knee strengthening excerises I was given. Haven't done them yet 
Have my cold drugs now, and I have new shoes!  Feeling a bit down though, and angry at a certain someone for no good reason... 
Shoot, I need to find a crock-pot recipe for ladies night in.  Have prior engagement right before so can't go with usual donation 
Have yu ever missed someone so much it hurts to think about them? 
Have to go to catch the bus and work. 
@radiojoec hehe. I have one! Have fun! I'm going to work in this weather.. 
Have I said that I don't want finish the practices yet? If I could, I never would leave this school...   I want work there!!!
I'm in the mood for fish and chips for supper! Haven't had any for well over a year 
Off to have some sort of adventure... Have the day off  cause its at the awesome place but I could use the rest http://myloc.me/4hrF
Have vowed to file and clean my back office today so it is no longer a work-comp hazard.  I'd rather do massage though. 
Only two more days to get through to get to the weekend. Have no clue if I'll make it 
Have now resorted to wearing TWO sweaters and a blanket. The A/C is freezing me at the office. 
@garylewisOR Have you had good luck w the shad this year?  The water level got really annoying.  
I really need to find a new job. Have benefits now, which I really needed, but it's not leaving me enough $ to live on. 
Everyone's going to see take that and I'm not, it's times like this I wish I was well  Have fun though all that are going xxxx
@julie_katz Have fun!! I want a mini vacation 
Ugh, sore throat this morning. And then coughing makes it worse.  Haven't stocked the new pantry with tea and honey yet.
Have I caught the #chinatummy from @marcusnelson's tweets? not feeling so hot today 
okay bed now  Have to go shopping in the morning
Feeling sorry for myself.  Have a rotten cold in the first week of my holiday from work... *sniffs and sulks* 
Have a headache but still have just under 4 hours to go at work. 
@MojoJojo78 Wow that is hot. But we're already 88 over here.  And it's muggy cause it just rained. Have fun cutting the grass. : /
Haven't had my phone in a long time. Haven't tweeted.  shits been whack as fuck. I miss all my friends!
On our way to the beach! Have to even out my awkward sun burn from yesterday. 
My car is fixed. Have to return the rental today which has air conditioning!!  Now I can sweat to/from work!
@MissLaurenW I miss you more!!!! Haven't seen you in so long  
Haven't had coffee, yet---starting to feel the caffeine headache coming on. 
@dingledebt That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
@zolakathryn That's sounds like so much fun! Have a smore for me, because I'll be here writing another paper 
Have to sleep now; have to get up at six, have to be at school at eight 
@Living4him1982 so why don't you find another??? Haven't you hated it for a loooonnnnnggg time now?  I'm sorry, I've felt this why also.
@AdamWoodyatt Have you got two accounts I am feeling confused 
Sticking to my loseIt! app plan for today means no quesadilla @caltort. Have to plan better next time. 
@kateblogs I'm very disappointed in myself - I started using the F-word again recently. Under stress.   Have to go back to using &quot;poop&quot;.
@tallulahdarling yupppppppppppp.    speak on saturday? love you, nightyyy night. Have fun with whatever you are doing?
My song is on! Haven't heard it days ''remember those walls I built well baby there tumbln down''(halo,beyonce) thinkn of y-o-u... 
Have to move house today 
is as sick as a dog.  Have a fever, chills and a pounding headache.  I have no immune system; I catch every single bug.. 
@Natbags lol I read that n was like what?! N then I remembered! Haven't laughed that hard in ages! I have to build furniture?!  ha!
Have had enough of work and have deicded to try and sleep, thinking this may be a long night 
Is taking a nap... Trying to catch up on my sleep... Haven't slept good since my surgery 
Have to work tomorrow.. yay me 
@Hatch61 ... was taking dinner out of the oven.  Have blisters now 
Haven't eaten today, superrrr hungry 
I am so sad... I Have fear of losing his friendship  and only for a boy that, I doubt that knows that we exist u.u ' I am so confused!!!
Have a horrible headache 
My right eye is kind of red. Have 2 wear my glasses 4 the rest of the day. 
ooooo that sandwich I had just isn't sitting well.....Haven't felt good at all today, shouldn't of eaten 
Have to start studying for finals!! week and the next! AHHHHHHH!! 
Have people photos of our place today. Gues it's really being sold 
@djjdnap ahh.. i remember those nites @ Tremors...lol... i traded that in to make $$ so now im @ work...  Have fun n be safe!!!
1 day down! Have to be awake in 7 hours again... 
Have to climb mission peak twice tomorrow. 
Have to be up early in the am for work... sweet crappy weather ahead = little business  It needs to clear up sooon!!
Have to go to school in 10 minutes 
Have the worst headache.. 
Haven't slept in days...Clearly I'm suffering from another one of my insomnia cyles..ugh 
@PureEuphoria209 Have to work sat night....  
Haven't heard from @nicholasddrew all day long 
@DJMoReX i've been good, enjoying my summer so far.  Have to catch up on music though, fell a little behind 
Have to take Tigalily to the vet, she's not eating anything and being very subdued. I hope she's okay 
Haven't had a good week this week  feel very low, like i'm losing the plot!!!
Have a bad stomach ache  its making me not able to fall asleep
Have to be at work in 5 hours. Boys are being loud.  
Have to study and don't want to 
@SongzYuuup I missed you today  I hope everything is alright... Have a good night ;)
Have a cold 
Have lost my hair curly crap, not cool man not cooool. 
I don't feel like going for training.I know i'm gonna be really lousy.   Haven't played in 2 weeks. :'(
Morning!  Have to pop to asda today b4 work  I like to be lazy b4 work lol
Have to find an affordable motor bike that fits short people i.e. me 
Have to use the laptop everybody uses intill mine comes back 
Haven't twittered in forever, drinking at kathys slowed down so bad I'm bored 
@TraceCyrus I am so ready tho shake it! But I can't be there.  Have to work.
The worst thing that can happen to u is that ur bro gets u a NDSlite which has Japanese games in it. Have no clue how to make it work. 
@PrabhaSatish The weather in chennai wud have been a lot better if for a strong monsoon  Have to wait for a couple more days pbly
Have to write exam 2moro. 
Almost lunch time. Have been trying to decide which pub to go to today. Decision has been reached and O'Neills is deemed the winner. 
Have the office all to myself for two hours! Sadly I've got lots of filing to do!  roll on 3pm!!
hmmm, slight sore head 2day.  had a great nite tho.  Have to go to work soon 
I'm allowed go home early - sweet! Have to do SOME work first though 
@mizzdmartin Wish we could go to #KNCMIT, but we're short staffed today  Have a great time!
has an avalanche of holiday homework to complete before the june holidays end! Have been slacking since day 1. 
Have flu-like symptoms... 
@krystyn13 busy day! Have to get ready for trip next week.  But I do have a massage today - yay!
I want my bed so so so so so so so so so so so much right now. Have to go out again though. 
Yarrrrrrrrrrrrgh. Have to work tomorrow and today is still not over 
@thebookwright You are too kind. Yes, I want this darned flu out! Have lived on a couple of digestives and cream crackers for days now! 
@GiaTeolis really?! Haven't felt any of that yet..bet its coming my way 
Have to repack and drive a terribly boring drive home  at least I'll see my girls today!!
@Vickiedoherty Have fun..I'm very jealous 
Have to finish some half-done reviews soon, otherwise it won't be relevant anymore. Arrghh.... 
Have emerged from my dungeon to find it's unexpectedly raining 
Have a back wheel puncture. I ll be walking home then 
Have to go get lab work done -.- who knew getting your wisdom teeth out was such serious buisiness 
@peta2 hope you will forgive me... I unfollowed you by accident... Have now re-followed! *hangs head in shame* 
last day of vacation  Have to drive home tomorrow
Haven't been this down down for a while. 
Have a ulcer!!! 
Waiting on a client..... Not enough time to work out or go anywhere...  Have to wait and be bored. 
@andrewschof Have had lots of replies thanks. He's out 
@dlr1967 So far is is simple, fast and great. Haven't had much time to use it though. 
Have you ever been in a situation where ur pissed @ someone but the nature of ur relationship doesn't really justify ur anger? I'm there 
having a frustrating day. Being asked to prove something that is next to impossible. Have a few more options to check out, hope they help 
@LlianCornish some sympathy from my husband would be a start. Have a really sore watery eye 
Haven't been on  twitter in awhile  oh going to the movies with alex
Have decided that being sick is punishment for blowing off so many English Lit lectures last semester. UCT's mighty wrath strikes again 
Apologizing to all those who got an email from me a zillion times today.  I swear I sent it once.  Have no idea why all the repeats. 
Have a massive headache! 
http://twitpic.com/7svst - @aliehs_pro Tsss! I can't leave my cell Have to talk to custom broker during the morning 
ok tweeters, off to do some writing then off to work! Have to close tonight 
Have to trash all the carpet that was put in 1.5 years ago 
Haven't eaten all day .. I unno what to eat 
Have to go to school tomorrow morning to take a test 
Have to mow the bloody garden tomorrow, dam house chores! 
I'm the worst person to buy sweets for. I bought a mini carrot cake on monday. Haven't touched it since &amp; probably won't eat any of it.  
@penguininja alas and alack! I didn't see this until just now.  Have a great time!
Starving!!!! Haven't eaten all day. 
Have had a long and somewhat terrible day. 
My press release is up! Haven't seen any news outlets pick it up yet though.  http://bit.ly/165x0p
Have you ever been told that you suck at something,that you love doing. It just happened to me 
Have to wait 45 minutes to an hour until i get a  table here at the cheascake factory 
@afrakkingbet lonely panda is lonely.  no be lonely. Have some tickles!
Just back from the after hours animal hospital. Have a sick puppy. 
@definatalie  I love it, suits my colour scheme fantastically, thanks 4 doing that! Have to wait until I have money though unfortunately 
@lisabattles who ya go with? Have fun @ biltmore!  wish was on girls trip! 
Going to sleep. Have to wake up at 8 to go do my hair  uhf
@pablovillatoro That's awesome! I haven't been there yet  Hopefully my dad will take me..Have fun!
@michaelstewart I Have tried a few locations.  will keep trying tomorrow as i am about town.  thanks for your help.  I think I give up! 
@abc That sucks   Have you thought about a franchise type business?  I do this: http://bit.ly/1864ml
Have tonnes of work from office 
Have a feeling my  new found insomina is back again tonight 
Have to wait 20mins at this hell hole  i need me a hero!
I really really miss @iKimbot!!!!!!!  Haven't heard from her in...3 days 
In bed with a horrible stomach ache.. Haven't had one of these in a loooong time. I feel like ralphing (&amp; I just might) 
Have to stand up so early today cause of a family celebration far away from home  
Have just realised that despite telling the children not to get up before 7, they have to get up to find out what the time is... 
Have a 12pm shoot in a few hrs...can't sleep...actually ive been havin a hard time sleeping the last few days...too much work on my mind 
@nicolejensen sorry to be missing your party tonight  Have fun!
My liz biz is leaving to vietnam!  Have fun girly!!
@pittkethley good morning. Have a great day snorkelling. I, on the other hand, will be doing the washing. 
has got a really bad cold. Haven't eaten in more the 30 something hours 
@laurainheaven Yes it does  Have you any plans for the weekend?
so I did end up going out and now Iakm regrettinh it  Have a funeral at 10am tomorrow! What am I gonna do!
Have to study for mathemetics in a few 
Have been trying for an hour to get the new MySpace player, but nothing seems to work. It's probably only available in U..S.. 
@Anck421 I want some too! Have to settle for poached 
Have you ever had so much work yet felt so bored...I am there now 
Have to move to a new room again and this one is close to the highway..which means i'll b gettin no sleep for the next 6 days 
Have to work in a few minutes  No weekend for me...
Have you ever had that feeling that you live on the wrong side of the world ? All my friends are up while i'm sleeping 
My lovely independent fabric / haberdashery / sewing machines shop is closing. Have no idea where else there might be one locally. So sad 
Have u ever been spooked so bad u didnt wanna move at all.... that me right now! 
Have u ever miss someone so much that it hurts? i'm experiencing it now, the feeling won't go. 
Have to do 5 volunteer hours today 
@love4allthings i wish i was there    next yr def !!! Have a great time, i cant wait to see what ya get 
@JerseyJoeyGirl good luck movin in the rain  blech hope it clears up soon! Have  a great day!
NOES!!!!!1!1!!! Have run out of space for lights  #dumbrun
@coldfusion1970 It sounds good, I really want to see it now! I agree about the 3rd film  Have fun at the barbers!
Have a great day got to go now 
Have to work in a new store 
@MyWayOnNow Have a great time and get a good tan for me.  I don't get beach this year.  
Going shopping. Have to pick up the books I have to read this summer for ap lit 
 Have an awesome leave. DONT forget aboot me. Have a shit load of beers for me but do it safely. Later/
Haven't slept in days... 
I'm hungry  Have to eat something the next hours...
@tonyvaughn oh man  i wanted to go on thattt! Have fun!
@DonnieWahlberg couldn't afford to make it out tonight  Wish I couldve been there.  Have an awesome time-be sure to treat the ladies nice!
Have completely forgot to get my dad a fathers day card, eeeekkkkk !!!! 
Haven't slept n a while....  must have sleep sooooooon
@BritArchr Have been busy working in doors, servers have temporarily turned the office in to a sauna and not a Swedish girl in sight 
Have a good day all. I'm off to work 
@SlickTalkJ Have fun wish I was there 
Have it narrowed down to  410 photos, there gonna take all night to upload 
Have I just been checking to much or is none of my friends updated twitter or facebook   big massive HUMPH
Have I missed anything good?  I was hoping for some reunion pics, but not finding them 
Haven't twittered as much today  well at the movies now going to watch the proposal expecting some laughteeer! Buying candy to get hyper!
@mkmiddleton  ok, will try. Have fun!
@dorotheasalo I already eated them.  Have this sugar snap pea instead! (I didn't even shred it this time!)
@BrandNewName that sucks...  I wanted to see them so bad but couldn't get the tickets on time. Have you seen them before?
Painting real things is not the thing i'm the best at  Have to re-do my painting entirely !
@Designinprocess very sad that ur not going  also not feeling well. Haven't eaten anything all day 
@DreamasaurusRex Have you seen the video of that girl dying? It's awful. 
@uknowulovemeh  Do you have the flu or something? Have you been to the doctor?
@gina_v Have fun!!  so sad....wish i was coming....sniff
I miss my horse!!!! Haven't been riding in way too long... sigh 
@pwilson ahhh, this will be the first picnic I miss in the entire time I've been a CP'er.    Have fun, and jump on a bouncy thing for me!
@Phoboy86 word? You talked to her... Haven't seen her in a while if you see her tell her what's up.  Gotta get back in now 
@iMrNiceGuy0023 I can't I'm at my aunts house and my mom has my car so I'm stuck   how's the new iphone? Haven't got mines yet
Haven't been this sick in quite a while 
Have reconciled with the fact of not being able to take a vacation this summer 
Just getting home from work.  gotta be back in the morning. Have a good night.
I ran 5km today, very proud of myself I must say.. Have a sore ankle now though 
@ThatGuyCoryG  Haven't talked to you in ages!
Have to wake up early.  http://plurk.com/p/12ltwf
Have a good weekend everyone! I'm burried in my books once again! 
Haven't been there, haven't done that. 
More coffee not equal to more productivity    Have finished sketching on one half of sneakers. At this rate will complete design by 2019.
@EMMAKATE76 yup, too awful, and it never goes away even when they're cured  Have a good run/walk.
Have to repack my suitcase for norway. I will do it on tuesday. I have my english essay to do first. 
Haven't tweeted in awhile  just been snow under with revsion, which hasn't been really working! (N)
Have slept a lot but still don't feel energized. Not ready for another work week yet 
Have woken up w/ a splitting headache. Not a good start to the day 
Have to in to school again tommorow. 
Have tried @powertwitter and although has excellent features its way too slow which unfortunately means its a no go for me  @luckylobos
My sexy fiance. Haven't spent much time with him this wkend  http://mypict.me/4OYp
Rargh. Have had to get up early and I'm now super tired 
@pampers197 Me too - Have to wait until next week again 
@chesshirecat Have a great a great ride today. I am hearing rain bounce off the windows here 
@berrygurl919 sorry  Have you seen a doctor about it?
Have just scoffed a load of biccies, probably ruined all the good work I put in to lose 1.5 pounds this week 
Have to  study :S  got my official exams in 13 dayzz ...
Have some instant noodles for dinner. 
Have some instant noodles as dinner again. 
Have some instant noodles as dead fish's dinner again. 
Have to learn for my german and bio test tomorrow 
Have no laptop, no moe twitter for me 
Have to revise for 2 scinece exams tomorrow 
@darkblue106 yeah, keep pimpin!! Have to go to spain..  thought I don't feel like it, it's so hot I feel like walking on the sun...
Have a tummyache  tryna go back to sleep
Have had ham salad and a muller rice (strawberry) for lunch, could eat it all again though  &amp; here till 8pm
Have about 104 sums to do . So less tweeting 
what happened catie?  I'm going to play badmitton with my daddy L8er. Have a good father's day everyone!
So bored...  and still have a sore throat. Have to go back to work in 2 hours. But 5 more school days until summer holidays!!
 Have to take my mom to the hospital...Hopefully she'll be alright
spending the morn tryin to get new ebay acct. Have to delete old one that stepdad created  complicated process...ugh
Taking a shower. Have to go to church 
@davidarchie haha oh no!  - yay i love her + you! Have fun guys!  loveeyouu! X
Hvnt notified who the winner is.... Have I? Congrats 2 my brother and mum! *glum glum*  I guess thy will be sleeping with the trophy. lol
Have to get up sooo early tomorrrowwww! 
Have been upset lately over small things. Usually I can get it off my mind by going to the gym... however, no gym near my place...  night!
Have to try and get it to work now 
My milk has gone sour now I can't have or coffee  Have to go to the store tomorrow I guess...
Have a busy day work and work!  need top also find someone to check out my car 
Have just been stopped twice in the street no less offering me a discounted makeover  #Imustlookrough
Have to take care of something unpleasant today 
@Gailporter I was supposed to be there today but plans change  Have fun being home  x
@BeauFrusetta I'd love to, but I have a commitment  Have fun! Should be epic!
Have been sleeping in installments today...  #fb
Have a sun burn - I rarely burn  #swagbucks
I'm too warm, my room is too warm, and the shower will be too warm. Have no idea how to sleep tonight 
Have to turn my computer off - the light is making my head hurt 
@Nnenia aww sorry about your loss, but to each their own! Have a great nite pretty lady! We must have another getty before our departures 
Shit. Just looking at the practice problem set for this quiz. I NEED a calculator. Have to run over to main campus and buy a basic one. 
@yadikeith I am still on lots of meda  Have bronchial pneumonia...not fun! What is going on with hubby?
@dahveed76  Sounds like you've been having some tough days. I'm sorry. Have a {{big hug}}
@BopRock Haven't found any yet 
Have to wake up early for a fasting bloodsugar test 
Have to take my sonto doctor 
Have to get tish a cell, p thinks she's gettn 1 too. She also thinks now can go do family portrait. 
@EllisFan14 Have to run... the baby's crying  #clothdiapers
Have come back frm riding-the-car-lesson! I'm a super driver,4x trial then the others left the car  me alone! But it's awesome!!
@jeremylarner Aw, did you ground the kids from twitter? Haven't seen anything from @foxielarner or @astrolarner in a while. 
Haven't received my new PC yet  Hopefully tomorrow...
@lauratml I sent mine in yesterday!  Haven't heard anything back yet but it's still good to do it!  Definately a let down 
Have coffee, want to travel, stuck at desk. 
Have to get off teacher caught me 
Just had diner. Have to go to work at 7 'o clock. It's going to be bussy 
I think I fell sick. Have cold n cough 
Warm morning as per usual. Have to get on a plane this afternoon. 
@jonnybabyy I am SO JEALOUS!!!! I want to go see him  Have fun =D
Just finished working. Have to go back at 3 30 
Haven't been feeling too well since yesterday afternoon. What to do what to do? 
Have to go to the doctor's office 2day..the arm is not feeling good after vicodin and ice 
Have turned into vampire that seeks beef. That or an anemic who really should get herself a doctor and an appointment. 
@srxtclay sorry...... Have a safe drive back.  
Have you ever had one of those days where you don't feel like talking to anyone? I'm having one of those days today. 
Have to go now have work experience soon lol. Its going to be boring but have to do lol.  
Have had an allergic reaction to something random red pimples poppin up everywhere FuckMyLife   !!
@Pepperfire Aww darn it I missed you again  Have a great day tomorrow and hope to see you soon xox
Have the flu (non swine) have to suck it up and go to a drum audition/instructor thing 
Tired as hell ... Haven't slept for 3 nights   But I'm still going to the gym  LOL
I always miss the fun stuff! I gotta be stuck here workin at the hotel  ! Have fun lol!!! @sdotthepen
Haven't twittered in a while... I miss it  going to watch a movie with my momma in a few minutes.
Have to leave for dance practice 
Have no clue what to do.. im not tired at all 
The movie was amazing!!!  But I'm gonna sleep now.  Have to clean my room tomorrow 
@hot2definc  I don't think so. Have fun for me
@andyclemmensen http://twitpic.com/8cin5 - Wooow ! I really wanna go  Have fun guys
Have just been told that I should join weight watchers and go to the gym.  *sobs#
Haven't tweeted like all day... 
Have to get off my phone and let it charge. 
I wish we were all at #atmedia  but instead stuck in #theJar all day. Have fun everyone! #atmedia2009
@jiblog Everything worked just fine till yesterday. Haven't changed a thing, started it this morning, and no 3rd party app works... 
Have spilt coffee on myself this morning 
Have to spend the next few hours putting letters in envelopes 
Have now woken up tired the last three days in a row 
Up at 5am again. Haven't slept much the last 3 days. 
I wasn't expecting it to be such a nice day. Have to take some earphones back to the shop later and do some more packing 
@AliceWndrland same for me. Have no clue why  *huggles* You, take good care of yourself, okay?
Have to clean the house, not fun 
Have a sore throat and a headache 
Have to throw some of her stuffs. Luggages are too full! 
Have to take dh to hospital today due to abdomenal pain  I have 1 hour to clean my house for my mom....
@fairygem That story ends in an unexpected way! Haven't decisded on the shoes yet, not sure whether to wait a month, car needs new tires 
Have mowed the lawn. I don't like gardening one bit; going to get someone to do a makeover of it since it looks hurrendous 
Have to help clean my cousins entire house..&amp; her house aint small 
Have tradespeople coming round tomorrow - hope they are cute. I will make em a cuppa, but do you provide lunch? havent been shopping 
Have to do a video presentation. Anyone good at public speaking that could help me? Please! I'm so awful at these assignments 
Have a test in few days!!! What a pain 
@KennethCK Have you tried restarting everything 
Have a good day @cp9549402809.. I miss you already 
Have to do stupid chores 
Have u ever seen the things doctors do to our pets?? I mean, it's scary sometimes looking at thermometres poking to my cat's ass 
Please don't bank with #abbey / #santander - absolutely useless business banking. Have locked me out of my biz account for 2 months now 
Have been gardening this afternoon was v relaxing, been planting lots of new flowers im sneezing now though 
@DonnieWahlberg I've been checking out the F.S. tour on youtube-WOW-don't think I will get 2 go 2 this round tho  Have gone 2 1st 2 tho
I hate traveling by train! Have to stand all the way to utrecht 
Have to write and implement a client survey 
Have done something to my foot which means that I can't walk and therefore couldn't make the most of the glorious sunshine today 
Have a test in Informatic tomorrow.. I don't understand anything 
@dustyedwards Of course! Have a good one! 
@VampireBill Have a safe trip then. 
@deepbluesealove  Have a good evening sweetheart {{hugs}} thanks for the tunes glad i got you closer to your blip goal 
Have to do the washing up :|:| mum gets home from melbourne tonight 
@willcarling How's the ski jumping going? Have you beat the missus yet? 
I must go everyone. Have a splendid day. 
Have started using youtube &amp; vimeo more, need friends/subscribers! www.youtube.com/user/zinziii &amp; http://vimeo.com/zinziii  #fb
@loris_sl Have you seen the way cats look at you? They ar planning on taking over the world. But their cunning plan is thwarted by dogs 
@julennanewbanks Aww sorry you had the mishap. How's your recovery going? Have a good day, J. 
@chrisbrogan I've always thought you were cool. (And I'm right about that.) Have a good flight, day, week and everything in between. 
Off  to work, gotta love it, embrace it....get it over with! Have a good day everyone 
gooooooooooodddddddddd mmmoooooorrrrrrrrniiiiiiiiiinnnnnnngggggg my SUNSHINES!!!    Have a FANTABULOUS day!
okay, I'm off to continue getting ready. Have a great day everyone! 
@McDroll ain't that the truth!  Have fun with the cakes - jealous!  
Working on a film. Have been busy. Have a nice day everyone 
@GenaLivings You're welcome  Have a fabulous day yourself!!
@jimyackel hope you are staying warm! Have a great day. 
Have a lot to do this week before leaving friday after work to visit grandma! She already has events planned haha 
@RealtorMcVey  I love this thing called twitter dont you? Have a great Tues 
Have entertained the children now have to go to the post office.... 
@lauriebrenner You're welcome! Have met some great people through twitter 
@0boy aww thanks Oboy you are the first one that actually re-tweeted besides my gf  Have a great nite with your wife 
I'm off to watch the TV. Have a great time here  http://tinyurl.com/c7fh8z
@SoloRunner thank you! Have a safe flight! 
@raytoro Don't bother for some people.we know You work too much for new album.We appriciate everything you've done.Have a great weekend 
@miguelrodriguez Yes it is beautiful here too   Going to a kayak festival and then to my daughter's soccer game  Have fun frolicking!
@lollipop26 I just bought box dye too hehe  Have horrible roots showing!
@meghankathleen enjoy the weekend  finally sent you the facebook page feedback and a reply to our earlier discussion. Have fun hiking!
@zyber17 I Have it, but have no idea wtf it does. 
@LilPecan I have never met such a clever guinea pig, I am so lucky to have found her ahh I mean it ;) Have a great day! 
Eating nuts &amp; fruit like a squirrel (gettin my omegas), working on small claims case. I WILL be getting my $. Have so much evidence 
@Beaniebanks online shopping! Have had a wonderful idea for a necklace &amp; needs some bits 
Just got to ballet. Haven't watched emily is in soooo long. She is only ever graceful on the dance floor. 
@punkpolkadots Night, night! Have all the yummy dreams 
@_EmilyUley oh cool  Have fun!!
@MsBelindaJ did u love it??  Have fun at the party tonight 
@ddlovato Have a safe trip &amp; hope you have a great day today !  Much love &amp; support always ?
@ddlovato Have a safe trip &amp; hope you have a great day today !  Much love &amp; support ?
@NikiScherzinger          Have a good rest of the day! 
@prymadona unhuh....  next time! Lol.. Have fun.. I'll look for you while watching the game at ur local sportsbar!
 haha have fun girl. Have fun at thaaat mormon dance tonightt too!!
@davidleibrandt hahah Totally wish I was there! Have fun, my man! 
Have a couple hours to burn between jobs. . . Thinking beer. 
@JJgirl20 heheh you've gotta be kidding me.  I'm loving this.  Have fun figuring it out... i still don't get it 
Have a great night twitters...xo 
Have to let the dogs out first 
@GenaLivings Goodnight dear sweet friend!  Have a wonderful day tomorrow and know you are appreciated!  Hugs back to you!  
@nick_carter awwww Have fun!!! 
Haven't had popcorn for years, was nice to have some with the kids tonight  next time we should have it when we watch movies
@audaciousgloop so you are the man now  Have fun with the follow backs. 
Have some new followers! thanks for following me. 
@ddlovato Have a safe trip and a fun one as well!! 
@gematkinson weekend just got better! Have my brand new trek road bike, life is good  will send pics soon! x
@JonathanRKnight Glad u had a great time. Have a fantastic break of work for a bit. Have a gd nite out &amp; don't get into trouble!  &lt;3 &lt;3
@anish9807 Have a nice trip then 
@djsyncity Haha, that's awesome. Have fun! 
@NomadTheWolf kewl  Have fun with your raids ;3
@jokfoley so you found a race in 2009!!!! Have a great race 
@sebattical ouch! Have a listen to spiritualized 'songs in a &amp; e' to calm yr nerves 
@javiergodoy welcome! Have a nice day! 
@faiththiang nice... Have a safe trip back home 
@Zephyri I'm so glad I found you here.. love your work. Have a wonderful day. 
@JasonStatham1 Making sure you don't die??  I think that's probably a good idea.  Have fun!  
@EscapeTheFate you don't even understad how much I wish I was there!!  Have a good show 
@jgormlyjr that is awesome, I hope your enjoying it   We are expected to warm up today and by tuesday be back in the 70's!  Have fun!!!
@konghee pastor, it was a privilege to serve your 'Love Busters' drama series. Have a good trip, looking forward to your next blog post! 
@NauticalUrge I can tell that they place was PACKED yesterday!   Have fun.
@JessicaGottlieb  what?! Have to read it, think missed old one?
Haven't seen him for a week now. I look forward tomorrow to see him at the train station 
@Knapster gutted, mobile wouldn't Connect after I posted. Have a good holiday mate 
@EricN88 Randomish.... Have fun! 
@paulaabdul have a great sunday! Have fun dancing 
@MarandaGibson Have a safe trip back girlie!!! 
@sadeduh yayyyy!!! Have fun 
Have a nice day, 	 Today the sun shines 
@rubyrose1 @reneebargh - I second @tabloidterror's well-wishes.  Have fun and enjoy the moment.  You're blessed to be nominated! 
@thewesleychan hope you are having fun at the playground. Have a safe flight and a fun tour, since its the last stop. 
*nods* @poeticimmortal  you have a good night and rest well. Before you know it, they'll give her the all clear.  Have a good one dear.  
@minapaige hi mina, how are you? Have not heard from you for a long time. 
@MollieOfficial hehe , good luck ! Have good day at work ! 
@treesandshrubs Perfect timing - I'm going to pick up some shrubs for my front yard.  Have you seen this? http://www.popcap.com/games/pvz
@neptunenicole thanks sweets  I really wish I could have made it! Have a great monday!
@hollywills sun, garden friends and vanilla tea... what a lovely combination!! Have you tried licorice tea?! Have a happy day 
Have a nice time trouble 
Have a great day everyone  http://spiritfree26.livejournal.com/
Have a great day twitterbugs! 
@jordanknight good morning! Have a great day..hope to hear from u soon  luv u..
off to work!  Have a beautiful day everyone. 
@ChinaDoll74 Haven't had a chance to say hi to you yet but have been reading your tweets 
@AModernMother I know what you mean! Have fun 
@cArtPhotography thanks so much!!! Have a great day!!! 
Goodmorning. Have busy day  kids off to school and I get to spend my day cleaning. :-/
@lilaznangel16 I get to stay home and snuggle with some good reading and do some writing. Have fun in the rain, K! 
@Dagette Have a great night 
@dshiggins I don't trust either house anymore I hope people pay attention 2 this even if it appears it may not pass Have a great day BigD 
@katyperry you're lucky T_T Have fun 
@abramsandbettes @abramsandbettes You all sure are tweeting early!!  Have a safe trip. You both going?
Have a nice rainy day 2day 
@GloriaVelez k. Have a gud trip , touchdown safely and get some sleep 
@eddybai man you're so lucky! Have fun. 
I have to go now.Have the grueling task of ironing and selecting what i am going to be wearing 
@Lakithia I saw your message  Have a nice day
@davidwynne That was fast.  Have you gotten your coffee yet?
@Hapson aww. I hate being tired. Have a quick nap later  x
Have mastered deployment of the passive/ aggressive 'can i help you/f**k off and die' line. It worked a treat. 
@Rippche Have a nice day... 
Have a good night or morning where ever you are! 
@brykins the picture..I love it! Have a fab day 
Have back temporary custody of the husband! 
@calw @caldjr Only joking! Have a great day! 
I just uploaded my new site. www.oohlalaza.com. Have a look and tell me what ya think 
@pauline_jc Have a great week 
@high_priestess pleasure   Have a fab day
@davidjpnorman Thanks dude. It isn't, but thank-you... cancer is a*swear* fucking menace. Have a good weathery day :o) is good here, too 
@xohanna it should be easy to sort out hotels with hotels.com  Have you tried the map view?
@mkellner wow thats awesome!! Have fun 
@lavagal Perhaps tweeting will help keep you sane tonight.  Have tons of fun.
@kiddo47 Thanks!    That makes me happy to hear!  Have a great weekend!  &lt;3
@tayycornwell Yay! I'm excited for you. Have a good flight and keep me updated!  xoxo
Have now landed, smallest airport i've ever been in. 
Thanks, guys! Have a good weekend! ;) @mastercelo + @sandraew!  from @marilovisky ? http://blip.fm/~5ehdt
@niclauren: Watch out now... Here comes trouble! Have fun tonight. You deserve it! 
Have a good night and a wonderful day tomorrow tweeters! 
@fluffyVW  Have a nice christening shoot 
Morning people! Have a lot of work to do today! 
@adel Your road trip sounds awesome. Have the bestest time 
@DolloftheValley Have a fab time!!!  
Have found a fish related item in the loft that will make a nice surprise present for my girlfriend 
http://twitpic.com/4e7tl - Have you been waiting on that @CathrynMarie ?? 
@jasmyn_e d and his &quot;baby boo's&quot; LOL that's cold LOL.  P.s.  Haven't got a text in a sec 
@ravenme Wish I could be there, perhaps the next one  Have fun!
about to head out to see the family. Have a nice day y'all 
@soymilk0609 You're welcome!   Have a nice weekend too...take care! 
@holmescnn on my mind: how badly you must've needed coffee when you stumbled into makeup room this am.  Have great show!
I'm being nerd...That's 07:36 a.m. and I should be on my way to my english classes but guess what? I'm nooot..Have a nice day, everyone 
@MartinAssmann thanks, good idea! Have a nice weekend! 
@kels450 Am glad u liked it.  Have a wonderful day (and weekend)
@TiNY_13 Have some fun for me too hon!  
@CFLca Have a nice day CFLca - I guess it's gonna be a busy one for you... 
@garygoy Even while giving it away for free, some people decided to order. Have sold more than I hoped for already, my hope was 1 sale 
@ebuzz7090 Thanks again! Have a great WE! 
@mediamacaroni Thanks for the followfriday recommendation. Have a great weekend 
Have a good day everyone. Thats it for me 
Have still got that fantastic feeling when the whole long weekend is stretched out in front of you 
Have fun at MDSW festival!  I am so envious.  
I am having coffee and reading the paper going to check the TV to see if and what time golfing will start . Have a great day everyone 
Just woke up  Have you ever thought you we're doing something else when you were sleeping?
@ddlovato Have a great day 
Off to put the final touches on the party room for my sister's baby shower. Have a beautiful day everyone!  
@misty glad you are getting some peace later though  hey my keyboard is fab. I have batteries on standby!  Have a good night xxxx
@nursestacy I'm glad you finally made it! Have fun. I'll look forward to your tweet updates 
@stephactive Have fun!! 
@oogytweet I wish I could have seen that morning hahaha! Have fun working with the pops 
is gonna go get ready to head out. Have a good day 
This last month I experienced great love &amp; great loss...now begins my new chapter as im starting to move on!! Have auditions next week! 
@morganafaithful Thanks for the follow. You'll find your way around twitter soon I'm sure  Have a great weekend. 
Have decided that @anieto is better than me at everything! 
@purple_sage thanks for the compliment!  Have a great weekend! 
Have to stay inside  yay how fun 
@renebekker sounds like a plan... alas... other plans tonight   Have fun, drink one for me...
@heisenman That's a great way to attract patrons...make it free! Have a good time and bring back tips &amp; resources. 
@SolaScrpturaMan btw, thanks for the episode about fear.  Haven't listened yet but I was thinking it might be useful this week. 
@DonnieWahlberg Have a good night!! HUGS 
Have you met toni = awesome 
Have a good #hoppusday 
@FrankBecker  yay! Have a good time! 
@DavidArchie lol. You're twittering hard!! lol Thanks I really enjoy reading your tweets. But don't stay up too late.  Have a great day.
@MrFlossy I've learnt my lesson about driving in pj's - broke down once - not a good look! Have fun - hope it's a productive night 
funny cat on icanhascb - http://tinyurl.com/cnppmc - Have a nice day for all! 
well my work here is done for tonight/today. Have a wonderful tweetful day/night and I'll see you after I go practice my sleeping 
It has been a long day, that is it for me for today see you all tomorrow in twitter land. Have a great night cheers 
@joshtastic1 Have baked brownies and buns 
@BabeNatasha thank you for this nice conversation.... Have to eat something.... I am looking forward to watch your tweets. 
@ianthe88 They'll love you   Have fun!
@stephenashfield http://twitpic.com/4gs3f - Have a brilliant time; hope you get great weather. Have fun! 
I love the smell of horse shit in the morning smells like countryside  off to plymouth today will post photos later . . Have a nice su ...
@NewAgeRecordZ  thanx for the follow  Have a good day! 
@8beatbasic who can say but it is sure to be an adventure. Have fun. 
@SuzeOrmanShow But it sure is really cool!  Have a fun day at the beach! Its raining here~
@yeseningles You'll do great and afterward you'll probably have a great sleep. Have a great walk 
@JaiMami Have a great time walking girl! 
@vlietco it is hard to find a good picture!  Have a nice afternoon at the movies!
Have a good day everyone 
@Superv24 how exciting!  Have a fantastic time!! 
anyway, goodnight twitterberries, i think i'm heading off to bed for the day.  Have a wonderful day, since most of you are just waking up 
It's beautiful, sunny and warm. I'm going to church this morning, and I cannot wait. Have a good day twitterers! 
I hope everyone enjoys #writechat today. Going to miss it, have to work. Have a good day and lots of interesting tweets. 
Have to work today :\  Just for an hour or so 
Have had a lovely day watching the crime and investigation channel  haha
@suziperry your welcome! Have a great rest of the day 
@TampaGurlie: Have fun!!  
@MattWayneCeleb Have a great day of filming! 
@cyandle Hooowwww nice! Have a wonderful ride! (I just got back from a run and snapped a pic. It was heavenly.)  
@bastasia Thanks for following us too! Everywhere we go on the internet, you're there  Have a fantastic day!
@JustinPollard Have a pint for me. 
@csegismundo aww you're very welcome  Have a wonderful birthday!!
@DonnieWahlberg we probably won't hear from you until way after the launch. Have fun, baby!!! 
Just to let you all know once I can add follow more people I will, so don't delete me please.  Have a great say
@dakotafanning I saw your movie &quot;The secret life of bees&quot;. It is great. Have fun with the vampires.  I am really curious.
@SGBCandace  I will appreciate you forever and just met you last night sweetheart!  Have a great week with the kids! 
@DonnieWahlberg WHOOHOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a great time tonight D 
is getting ready to watch a movie with my family! Have a great night everybody! 
I don't think my shows start till 8. So I have time to maybe finish my short story &amp; read a bit. Have a good evening. 
@jennihogan LOL - you are such a goof!  Have a good night!!  
@thebandfar ... &quot;Have you met our drummer, the lawyer?&quot; 
@Sansoy Have fun!  Make lot's of good contacts!!
@ryss86 miss u too!  Have a great week - no cute shoes this time 
Have decided to create a blog! 
@missbossy Really appreciate keeping us overseas up to speed on aware. Have been enjoying your tweets and links, thanks 
@jamesbrentbrown that's a fun fact! I like her voice and her cd so far  Have you checked it out?
@TerrenceJ106 Have a safe flight 
People don't take me too serious... I don't even take myself serious. Have fun, it's life 
How do the weekends manage to go by so fast???  Have a good week everyone 
@AndrewBravener happy birthday andrew!  Have a good one.
im sippin on som'n 4 ya. I know u gon do yo thang tonight. Have a good show-!!!!!! 
@ambermatson OK, will send you details when back in work (assuming they've done something...!) Have just had high-level email so far 
@Dasit Thanks for the retweet! Have a nice evening! 
sleep well! Have a good day 2morrow! Make it great! 
@osanewsletter No problem.  Have a great day as well! 
@wstmjonathan Have fun! 
morning everyone  Just finished my breakfast coffee, gonna start some things to do. Have a great day!
@Syberspace  http://bit.ly/Z5hNt  last part.    Have a great night don't stay up late.....
@JacquiOx okii pokii. Have fun. ly2 
@arjendroog  I can ask him   Here is the description of what #officenomad does:  http://bit.ly/Gyofs  And he is good! Have a nice day!
Just finished getting my dvd player &amp; vid games all set up. Have a bit of a headache, but now I'm relaxing. 
@mskiannathediva  He's awesome... Have you worked with him before? He's a good friend.
@InLuvwithJON Have you managed to breathe since getting the news? 
Have been practicing for the last 40 minutes. I don't think 40 minutes will suffice for 7-days worth... More later 
@dduane *waves back* Have a good day 
@jojoUK55 Have a good day 
is getting ready to start the work week...work 2 off 3 then work 3 more. It's not bad  Have a great one everybody!!
Have just bought a TV tuner for my laptop.  He he.  I deserve a present 
@DReinhardt1 ooooh it's you lol I didn't know!! Have fun with your princess 
@AlanCarr hmm Have to admit was a good episode and his man bag was rather fetching 
@peacecharade you will be great! Have a wonderful first day 
@jenniferjayy so long, farewell! &lt;333 Have a super amazing day! I'm going to sleep. 
@backsue rofl rofl. Have fun 
@labella27 That is so sweet!! Have a good day 
Off.  Have a good star wars day, fonz day, dancing taco day, whatever you celebrate, it's all good!  
is off to work ... still &quot;recovering&quot; from an amazing and beautiful weekend. Have I mentioned how incredible my friends are?? 
The sun is shining  Have a great day
@dannywood made me smile...that's what you did already this morning!    Have a great day!!
Haven't a clue about this twitter! 
unplugging for the rest of the day.  Have a good one everybody!! 
@subtleserpent I'm fine - day off actually so relaxing with laptop. Haven't done a single other thing yet. 
@ssherrill115 Thanks! We're still all passing around germs here but we're surviving.  Have I missed anything?
Have 3 of the 5 grandbabies again today. 19 month old twins and a 3 1/2 month infant. I love every minute of it too. 
@crumcake That's a relief! I feel better knowing it's hereditary.  Have fun!
Haven't been on in foreverr!  Almost happy mother's dayy. Yay. :]
@Paigex3 hah yeah, its that bad, not gonna lie. :o Have fun 
@tyk505 I want 2 see that movie, too!!  Have fun!  
@stephanewws Thanks for finding me!  Have a wonderful evening! 
Yaay congrats Shmolan on graduating  I'm proud of you!! Have fun! &lt;3
Have beautiful dreams all, I'm off to snuggle down with my beautiful babies as they are done with the outdoors. 
@alidg take me with you!!!  Have fun!
@mrskutcher yes he is hot. you all make the perfect pair. very sexy and stylish. Have a wonderful mothers day 
@greenatelier awww wish I was there! Have a brew for me B! 
@chiwhitesox i need 2 b getting 2 sleep 4 the night. Have a good sunday 
Still feel like craaaap and like everyone on earth needs to know this lol... Have fun birdies 
@pjhoody &quot;It's your birthday, so I know you wanna riiidddddeeee out!&quot; Have fun in the club 
@howie_d It's a pleassure making you both smile.  Have a nice day and you are making me smile as well being on twitter.. aahhh nice..
@jacquelinesteps Haha you're welcome! I was honestly going crazy too. Have a great night as well 
@wicked12 Have a good night and thanks 
http://bit.ly/PenQl  I've added a new icon to the feedicon database  Have some fun with it!
@laingrithdz Thanks a lot! You're very kind!  I just got back from a nice drive in the 500. Such a fun car to drive  Have a nice day!
Have just slept for 14 hours, would have been longer but working this pm 
@sethu_j 4ever, it was in she's the man aswell  I love them now. I want gossip girl too! Have decided summer = spending lots.
Right, is too glorious a day to be sat inside....must go and do something more active! Have a good day all 
had nutella croissant+mango+melon+coffee and a lovely stalk of iris for breakfast in bed courtesy of N  Have the house to myself til noon
Have a nice day  ? http://blip.fm/~5z6y6
@GayAdoptionDad please do  I'll settle for cheap cider for meeting deadline. Have you seen our new blog at www.havealovelytime.com?
@timlichfield alreet chap! Have an awesome time! N congrats on it recent results! 
Have put washing in and it's now bath time!! 
@im_lindseyB yay ur on twitter  twitter is facebook updates on crack but so much more haha. Have a great day 
@gulpanag All the best for your shoot! Have a lovely sunday 
@DawnRichard Aww.... Have fun!! 
is going ffline now so that I give my brother a turn all fair in family...  Have a good day everyone
@stu_allan Have fun playing in the garden....ill pop up for a kickabout with ya mate 
Just want to wish a happy mother's day to all the moms outthere. Have a great day!!!! 
@CHEFS_RESOURCE thank you for the #followfriday  Have a great day!
@WahooPooh I will doozle  Have a goodo day 
@etowndz good girl! Have a great day! 
happy mother's day @ every mom in the twitterverse! Have a good one  roadtrip postponed...still on queue
@tintower Have you tried it using the chain rule? Much less messy. 
Have a good mommys day. kids be nice and respectful to ur moms . off to my mommas house 
@tamicks  thnx - saw your tweet about feeling like having a baby ...Have a happy day1
Starting my workout tomorrow. Have to get hot! 
@Have2LoozIt sounds good 
@nj_joe hi there appreciate the support Have a gr8 week 
@WWSIV haha, maybe for you, but I take my last final sometime tonight when I feel like it. Have fun in the morning 
@niknik7809 cant wait ! Have a good night 
Going 2 bed now. Have 2 get up early 4 school 2morrow. (but yet i stayed up late anyway).  
Have enough birthday &amp; mothers day cake to be eating for the next few weeks   yum!!
@LeelooDogBlog I just bought a bike. Haven't ridden since I was a kid (ages!) - this could prove very ouchy 
@taeram thx for the info...frustration all around! Have a nice evening 
@lesslee43 sweet, that's how I am. Have you read my blog? You would know that if you have  www.keepingupwithmom.com
@joemochas Oh sweet! Have a grand old time 
@TatianaMzPretty no problem...I have a meeting to hit up, so I'm off. Have a good night 
@crusaderz4life aaaaargh..g'morning.. bluurrgh!! coffee!!! Have a great day 
@gollystacey @karunasharma @AlisonandKris @ytitchauhan @sarahanne2908 @guavalava @jn33zy Have any questions? i can help 
Have a shower and then thinking about what to do today.. Should try to have a nice day n the balcony in the sun. 
@kishorea YAY  Have fun with wedding festivities
Have to wake up early to go observe at a school but the kids are so funny so it's totally worth it! 
just woke up. Haven't woken up this late in awhile. I miss my sleep 
Off to bed, I think. Have a good night 
@blizzardsoundz damn you, bitch! :-p I wanna play there as well! Have a nice 1 mate 
Morning all. Have a great day everyone 
www.myspace.com/foxleymusic Have a listen to my stuff Twitters 
p.s @DHughesy r u about to watch home and away! gotta love ourAussie drama! Have u met any H&amp;A stars? How's the mum &amp; baby (&amp;dad) going? 
@JasonBradbury Have you watched it yet? I'm inner trekkie was very impressed with it. 
@DavidArchie I'm watching too. I hope you're enjoying your time here. Have you ever tried eating menudo? It's my favorite food 
@RizzoTees Just dont bite the bug that bit you my friend. I hope you feel better. Have some gatorade 
@DanHawes sounds exciting! Have just sent you an email 
At work--working hard.   Of course I am...while checking twitter! hehe  Have a wonderful day to whomever is reading this. (like 1 person)
@t_rave good luck!!! Have a good day!!! 
@ddlovato Have u ever had a point in ur life where u felt helpless and knew u can't change anything because of some idiotic reasons? &lt;3 u 
Thanks for the props!  @67stanng, @metalmassacrefm, @SpinninR, @tomperanteau&lt; and @SteelGuy- Have a great day!  ? http://blip.fm/~69buh
Have to go to awards in a few minutes...glad we don't have class for a while. 
@ msharae: Yay for productivity! Have you had your caffeine today? 
@timekord Thanks for heads-up r.e. http://www.spatialkey.com. Have applied for beta! Amazing visualization tools. 
@DonnieWahlberg good luck with that man! That's hard as a human to do! Have a safe trip 
Feeling artsy fartsy today.  Haven't been this way in a while.  I'm glad it's come back. 
@ceibner You'd be silly not to take it. Have a safe flight home! 
@jsmithready I certainly miss my kitty's when I am away. Have a good night. 
@TheBetterSexDoc Have a great weekend 
@LjTx hey! Haven't seen ya around lately, just wanted to say howdy 
@RiRiFenty thanks for being so interactive with your fans. Have a good night! 
@forensicmama Aww she's so cute. Have you done 'Dancing phalanges' on her yet? 
@ddlovato just remember that you will ALWAYS be back, makes it easier.   Have fun down south 
@SHADWELL1970 Have fun, Make sure you don't miss the bikes! 
@Jonasbrothers love ya! Have fun 
@JohnLloydTaylor @Jonasbrothers Have fun and be careful! 
@Jonasbrothers @JohnLloydTaylor @greggarbo @ddlovato Have fun. 
Have been smiling to the screen for hours 
@nicolerichie hahaha you are soooo funny!!!  Have a good night!!!!  
Have my number and warming up. Tolerable rain so no overheating. 
@bathlizard http://nimrodavissar.com/blogica/archives/130 Wouldn't be a first. Haven't had a cut since 
@EverywhereTrip Sounds fabulous! Have fun 
Have a tidycity.org activity today.. A clean up 
@lmorrison79 he loves the responses he gets, us all tweeting saying we want to be there with them! Have a nice day honey  xxxxxx
Going to eat breakfast whilst listening to @ddlovato on my phone  Have a great day everyone!
@iantalbot He is and I'm very glad he agreed. He has send photo and text already. Have to thank you for that 
Mkay--starting my shift. Have a great day all 
@biffgriff LOL!!  Have Twibes said you can change the background?
@2ECjosh Have fun guys!!! 
@SamiiStarr Have you tried to change the way it looks 
Have a good day, time for the cinema 
@LaurenBosworth I think you look really nice in the one you have!   Have a great day!
Baking list; Cinabuns-check, foccacia -check, mincemeat pie -next. Have to make a couple of veggie salads for guests today too. 
@fabeku That sounds like an awesome day.  Have a terrific time. 
Has the landlord coming today, Have a lot to do.  yay for us
@dottyral Have you seen my latest tutorial?   http://bit.ly/F1yEy
Getting ready to head out for Six Flags. It's gonna be a longg day! Have fun everyone and stay safe! Phones on to text! 
@backtoacting Thanks! I'll look through them.  Have a nice day!
@NickiePhilbin Have you got it well weighted down... thats the secret to an even colouring on the bread 
Haven't touched my books for a whole 2-3 days.. 
Have been on twitter as much as usual lately... I apologize 
@JApromotions Thats exciting!!! Have fun!! 
@mikesawriter thats a cool original idea  Have u nearly finished writing it? x
@caseyhopkins Now you're packing my style...right before you leave haha - Have a safe trip, and I know you'll have a great time! 
@oliviamunn good luck! Have fun 
@timkurek good luck! Have lots of fun! 
Again at home, what a lovely evening... @taylorswift13 Have wonderful performances! 
Have fun in pune tomorrow *swinging hands* 
@jos897 happy birthday hun!!! Have a great day 
Have decided to put http://inhale.it up for sale, so if it takes your fancy then do get in touch...  x
@kahilee Sounds like it was a blast! Have a safe flight and hope you get some rest. I can't imagine catching a flight the next morning! 
Have I said yet how pretty it is out yet? 
Haven't been on here in ages!  I've dyed my hair today 
@MaryAliceHale they are amazing and look amazing too. Have fun shopping 
@olivierturbis IM me when your online, Have some work needed done. 
@lucheuh13 lol, fine and u ?? i saw u tomorrow or in the week  Have a good day xoxo
@EmmaJaneR hey!  Have you been enjoying the weekend?
@CosBoss I'm so jealous! Have fun 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE Have fun...which u will. 
@ivrilider Now that's awesome! I wish I could be there.. Have a good night 
@jack_love  Aww a family photoshoot? That's awesome. Never made one with mine tho. Haha. Have fun at the party. 
@laurencastillo heyyyy I'm good  And You? Haven't talked in like, forever basically. Haha.
@daredev03 You are most welcome and thank you for sharing. Have a totally inspired and awesome day! 
@DavidArchie Have a safe trip! And thanks again for the fun concert! 
@epcotx It's a pleasure mate, Have a great day.lol 
Off to work! Have a lot to do this morning - and in case I decide to take 2 days off toworrow and wednesday.... I'll have even more work 
@amy_i Have a great week! 
@jbrisbon mmhm! Have a goodnight at work! 
@shandi_archie you have go to bed, havent you? Have nice dream 
@Morrica never! Have 4 cups 
Computer off again today, dont miss it, am really enjoying the freedom. Have been sewing today 
Have a maths exam at 1315 today :')...boy i sure do love maths  x
@kaecyus Jealous!! Have a great flight! 
@dbdc the ps on friday ) xx Have a great day!!! 
@melindarice I will! Hope it is nothing too bad... Have a good day at work! 
Have the biggest headache, going to make noodles! 
@SinnamonLove Have nice night after nice job 
Have a nice day/night twittersphere  xoxo
@ndless alright I'll speak to you soon. Have a good day 
@OneFlipsta Have a great night! 
@mothompson Does she work on anything famous? We love the insider info! Have a great time! 
@DHughesy dont know if that helped, but I dont speak nerd fluently so I find it hard to explain  Have a great night hun!!
Going to sleep , Have a great day to everyone 
@DavidArchie Have you seen our shirt already? We really worked hard for it, so we'll really appreciate it if you tweet us back. 
@shamara99 hey! &quot;screw u friend!&quot; lmao it was cool meeting u at the show the other day! Have a great day @ work! 
@ heidimontag I love you and spencer you are both soo funny! Have so much respect for both of you. any tips 4 some1 mving 2 la 1st time? 
@povester Your bourbons are going down lovely now with a cup of tea  Have you seen the rain, so pleased I came home
Goodmorning sun  The birds are singing no rain in sight..... Have a wondeful day my fellow uprights 
It's going to be a good day   Have fun everyone!
Oh, that was quick. Here. Have a video!  http://bit.ly/74pWN
Have arrived at my dads safe n sound 
Have a nice day friend.. G0d bless u 
Taking one of the dogs to the vet with coffee in hand. Have a great start to the week - skip or whistle if need be. 
@Jonasbrothers HEY GUYS! I am a big fan too  just like my twin @sarahmostafa ... lol.. Have a good day! and wishin' ya the best of luck!XD
@TheMaffeo Have fun, enjoy your cruise! 
@SnowVsAsphalt Have a safe trip home!!! 
Have a good weekend?  Looks to be a great week, weather wise!!  
Have to get ready to go to work 
@lukeburrage OK, nice trip you are doing  Have fun!
Off to spackle my face and brush my teeth.  Have a good day everyone!
Off to practice the chords. Be back after my class maybe. Have phunnn until then! 
Have a great day everyone... don't forget to smile 
@Nickf4rr Have a good trip - and we'll see you in 2 days! 
is off on his morning 7 mile walk, hope the rain stays away for 1hr 45min, I just hate coming home soggy!  Have a great day all 
@AngieBuckland Have a safe journey and have lots of fun! JONNYFEST!!!!!!!! 
Have decided to book impromptu holiday ... yayyy for next week off ... blissful anticipation 
this isn't getting anything done..Have to go but be back later   x
@b_kelly off to great start girlie! Have a great day! 
@ronsparks I am not sure I want to view your pic. Have not had breakfast yet.  
@e2ct3z Wow. Have not seen you on here in awhile!  
Have you mooed today? 
Have just realised im not gona b able to do walk for life on june 7th as i shal b in corfu with @xallykinsx  am actually slightly sad
Have got nothing to say as of now...just a random twit 
@ResourcefulMom Have a fun and productive day! 
@smdarie good luck! Have fun! 
@cathy_cochina40 Have fun with that! hehe. Have a good one 
Have i tweeted enough today!? Probs not. Linds got me real drunk, work is gonna be rough!! 
@ChesterBe Have fun and dun work too hard, okay hehe ;) And we're sure you will, like always  Wish u a nice day! 
@ChesterBe Have fun and dun work too hard, okay hehe ;) And we're sure you will, like always  Wish u a nice day tomorrow! 
Haven't felt this chilled in a while; its kindaa nicee 
@toothwempale That sounds lovely.  I had no idea @dvdastarr was engaged.  There u go.  Have a jolly time.  
@bigyahu No! not sure whether to be relieved or offended!  Have a gr8 wkend
Tired. Have to go to work. Would like to keep on spinning that slate gray bamboo... Ah, well, I'll do so after work. 
@ViolaMaths Thanks for the #followfriday  Have you had the piano tuned now?
@babblingbrookie It was a fabulous finale, and you looked beautiful on the red carpet! Have a great weekend. 
@busylizzie71 morning! Have a great day 
@Charliecondou Have a jammy day! 
@Splodz yeah yeah, day off, yada yada yada!! Have a good one 
@JenovaPainting Lol i wish. I might try tomorrow  Have you seen my fairy babies? http://www.tinysouls.com/tssculpt/images/fae/pixie1.jpg
@JennaMadison  Have a break for coffee Lol   http://tinyurl.com/8p8lu4
@RaceB Have a good trip! 
Have ordered @andybudd's brekkie. Now thinking about eating it too 
finished work for the week. Have a nice weekend 
@nigs I am in a little less pain today  thank you. Have a great day x x
Have you ever been running and accidentally ran into a parked car and fell down and said, &quot;I like cheesecake&quot;? 
Many thanks @piginthepoke for the #FollowFriday! Have a super day 
@glenzgolfmmbr will need to make that decision for you  Have a gr8 day 
@mbreinholt Yes..I was swwwwwwwwwwwwweepy  Have a gr8 day!!!
@Attichris LOL! Have fun with them hoes! 
@ErikJHeels Sounds great! Have fun!  How many kids do you have?
@ChrisSlay  Have fun 
@kikujiro Although, personally, would lose the tomato   Apols if over-tweeting about 'em. Have become something of an obsession.
Have a flick through my followers a diverse, intelligent, hilarious smelly bunch of scallywags and very worth a #followfriday 
@GaryBoy hey did you get my photo text last night? just wondering if it sent ok, never sent one from that phone before. Have a nice day 
@lucylemon Somehwere nice I hope! Have a lovely B/H weekend with lots of sunshine 
@frodeste Thanks for the #followfriday recommendation, much appreciated! Have a lovely weekend 
time 2go. Have a gr8 day, you guys! 
@fleurdeleigh Don't mention it! Have a good weekend dear! 
@SolitaryDancer Thanks for the compliment!  Makes today even better. Have yourself a very fine day, too!
@MilliGFunk hi &amp; bye! Have a great meeting 
@Sssimone8147 even though I have an account since march, this is my first twitter message. Have a nice day &amp; see you at db.de 
Have a great day all, and enjoy the day whatever you choose to do! 
@Synwpn Have a good one! 
Have a great afternoon everyone 
@adellecharles wow, busy bee? Have fun in there 
Have a good friday night 
@thaman2x even though times get tough, I still love you through the rain, til the sun comes shining.    Have a great day baby.
@mrowsell you got them done yet? Have a good friday 
my first #followfriday tweet.. Here it comes! @dawsko @digsby @wilsonicfest @mindprint .. Have a nice weekend 
I will continue my #followfriday recommendations later - the girls missed the bus; gotta run them to school! lol Have a blessed morning. 
@Trish11400 good morning!  I'd love to have that kind of energy too lol  Have a great day!
Have a flick through my followers a diverse, intelligent, hilarious smelly bunch of scallywags and very worth a #followfriday 
@Libbyextra hey no problem  Looking forward to the weekend, got an addition to the family coming home! Have a good weekend.
@kobinaceous Have a wonderful time at the event. 
Have a great holiday weekend everyone 
Is it sad that I am happy I am only working one job today? lol Have a sweet day, friends 
Haven't got anything to do, only know one person on twitter 
Have a great day all - 
Have I mentioned recently... How much I love greek people!?! Hahaahha 
Have  a fun long weekend twitter-verse! I am taking some much needed time away. 
@robluketic Have a fun weekend and a safe flight. 
@UncommonWine We sure do love funny (and cheap) wine tweets.  Thanks for the #followfriday shout out. Have a kick ass, long weekend!
My blog ; http://bowtiemania.devote.se Have a great friday afternoon you guys 
...........so lots of countires are represented, so plenty of opportunity to taste an espresso or 2  Have a great weekend all!
@markhoppus good morning dude! I can't waiting for news about new song! Have a nice rehearsals today! 
@cArtPhotography thank you following as well. Have a wonderful and blessed weekend. 
Have  a good day everyone, off to gym and more outside work  later. I'll still follow on cell phone 
Have fun, bud bring ur ax to learn control !! Lol 
@xxAnnaSxx  Have a nice day too 
@ElkaBr Have a great day too 
@etckt Thanks so much for the ff - so glad we 'met' yesterday! Have a great weekend 
@SheenaJavier That's a good one.  http://bit.ly/aHnUN  Have you seen this?
@marty125 you too! Have a safe &amp; wonderful wkd. 
@YankeeGirl20 lol made me giggle on that one  Have a wonderful weekend....
@StefanieRenee Wow, that sounds like an awesome combination. Lovely breakfast. Have a great weekend! 
@kriciamorris With new camera body and #coldpizza, you'll be great today! Have an excellent trip! 
@LindsayEWarren Have a great trip and a wonderful weekend too! 
@randsco Just on ya blog commenting now  Have a nice weekend.
Have a good, long weekend everyone.. I'm signing off for the week.  
@wzpl wow! Haven't heard that song in ages! Just what I needed! 
I'm here, @butterflyhealer! Hugs and kisses to you too. What a sweetie you are!!!! Have lovely dreams and good night. 
Have a safe trip ibuuuuuu  take care.
Have a great night everyone. H &amp; L  
Haven't twittered in a while :\ Anyways...goodnight 
Have a great night everyone!  
@kvnmcl mine too! I've been around a few more years though. Have a great birthday 
@EdEntrepreneur Have a great night 
@myklia shadow before liner.  mascara before both.    Have fun at dinner!
Haven't gotten anything done because I'm working on site re-design - it's a lot of fun and I don't want to stop.  Posts can wait, right? 
@NancyLeeGrahn I hope you're enjoying your vacation as I know @sarahjoybrown and @brandonbarash are. What are u up to?Have a great night 
@OUBad Your noddin off early tonight! Have a good Night! 
@misstakentrish Have I ever told you that I love you?  &lt;3
@PegasusAngel Have a great day my friend. 
@StephStricklen protective of newborn when she was around him. Extremely interesting to watch. Have good night. 
@natyrios Thanks mama! One thing this city has done is give me an open mind for sure  I am glad for that! Have a good night! xoxo
Have you seen my pug/chile pic yet?  http://www.flickr.com/photos/pleasurekitten/3573906863/ @lilibelle @shetlandshaun
@AmberHughes That's awesome   Have a super time!
@LauraMarie79 TWINNY!!!! **boobpound buttsmack** Have a goodnight sweets 
@buttaflyprncss I hope u get some sleep soon!  If ur free tomorrow, I'd luv 2 chat with ya.  Have a blessed &amp; stress free day @ work. 
Have been up for two hours now and am completely boreddd, 
@perpetualspiral lol well I did the appt for my own sanity and just make sure the boobs are okay lol. Have a goodnight and sleep well 
and off we go. Have a nice day @everyone 
Morning  Have a great start into the extended weekend, all.
Your cheeky weekend starts here! Have a good one 
G2g - back later... Have a good night/day across the time- and spacezones 
Have I said before? &quot;I love the twitterverse at this time of night&quot;, you guys rock 
@Locococomoco more like burnin way beyond the midnight oil.  Have a wonderful furahiday.
@RedAntiques i know mine did that too earlier - hmmmm lol - well i hope we do get the odd moment outside!  Have they arrived yet?
@AlexAllTimeLow Have a good show 
Have a free day, so going to help my mom decorate the garden with flowers and statues lmao. and hopefully get a suntan in the process 
TGIF! Have a great day! 
Have a new keyboard...no actually just cleaned and disinfected it... previous owner was reall... well no comment needed ;) 
ok i gotta go get dressed...i have to leave at 10 and its 9.15.....damn you twitter you keep making me later. Have a good day twits! 
@JamesMW78 they are mean! Have fun wherever you are going 
@anahulshof Have fun baby 
@Mylightyear @SLaaDi Have a great time tonight guys, looks like it'll be massive. I have girlfriend night but wish you all the best 
@raytoro It's fantastic how much you're keeping in touch with fans  I know I'm only one of many who appreciates it. Have fun recording!
