Most common words for this cluster:
[('have', 208), ('monday', 158), ('friday', 146), ('sunday', 140), ('got', 95), ('saturday', 81), ('day', 65), ('morning', 63), ('tuesday', 62), ('today', 60), ('night', 49), ('weekend', 45)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Friday', 0.7039920091629028), (u'Sunday', 0.694619357585907), (u'Monday', 0.6903084516525269), (u'Saturday', 0.6816340684890747), (u'Thursday', 0.6813493967056274), (u'Tuesday', 0.672335684299469), (u'Wednesday', 0.6606626510620117), (u'Have', 0.6131840944290161), (u'in._www.mtvpress.com', 0.6092236638069153), (u'Get_HuffPost_Los_Angeles', 0.6007497906684875)]





Can't sleep again. Face is kinda swollen. Don't let me be allergic to the thing that'll get me to Thursday. School tomorrow? Doubtful. 
*Sigh* Rain??? Why did you decide to show up? Move away! You were not invited to the Tuesday-party  (this is not the start I hoped for)
...another long day ahead. I think my voice may be returning, but my head is still pounding.  Is it Friday yet?
Meeting Time!!! Is it Friday yet??? 
@HasmukhKerai I Know, highlight of my Tuesday breaks from revising/essaying is OTH 
So bored.  Need something to do on a Friday night.  
Not looking forward to Sunday. Would rather be doing something else. but I am now obligated. 
Been up since an ANNOYINGLY early hour for a Saturday, laying in bed attempting to fall back to sleep....it is evading me 
@StephanieDrumm They say 75 today and snow on Monday  Gotta love Michigan
Just about to leave. Have a good Saturday night guys, i'll be studying all DAY tomorrow 
FAIL FAIL FAIL today. ABC starts again on Monday. Can I call this week practise?  I'm so fat and I have no scales.
@aimers69 4 new caches in griffith park. Don't think FTF will still be there for me on Tuesday 
Made my flight and just landed in Dallas.  Have to try to sleep so I can do Sunday AM... Starting to feel sick 
@katiep68 @3rika Might have to make the next Taco Sunday. Got a story to finish and tonight's not looking too promising 
Back in The Vault, arrived 30mins early as forgot it was Sunday and there was no traffic. Have to wait till 10:30 for Starbucks to open. 
@traceylien Ok no worries I will speak to Mark, the ed, on Thursday. Haven't heard from Dan since Oct  maybe get a Fasterlouder ed too?
Had a great week at work. Priscilla the Queen of Evil was on vacation but she is back Monday... 
Need another 1000 words then I'm free of another assessment until Friday's exam   (I hope you're having fun in NZ Tristan!)
Awake. Nice and early on a Sunday morning. Thanks to my child who wants to be an alarm clock when she grows up. Keep up the good work. 
Just woke up... Want to go back to bed!! Watching teevee! Todays Sunday and I get to go home... But don't want to go to school  text meee!
@heidimontag It's Monday here. Wasn't able to go to church yesterday. 
Working on a Sunday. . . this is just wrong.  Got tons to do before tomorrow though.  
Got a headache and it's Monday - could things get any worse?  
@josephcorreia good morning bud. Have 3 workshops conflicting this afternoon. May struggle to attend yours 
Morning peeps.  Another Monday morning  Only 3 days of work this week tho for me. Have a good day one and all.
Got doggy back this arvo, crucius ligament is ruptured, she'll be having surgery this Wednesday  My poor girl. Also, my poor wallet, $860.
is exhausted on a Monday! Must be the hard rain last night  Couldn't sleep eh   http://plurk.com/p/p4nhz
Monday morning... Another day to do my soldiering skills. Argh. Got to love mondays 
Let me know how your wrist is doing.  Have a good week.  Love you.  Off to work   I like Saturday much more than Monday.  Hahahaha
@simonrim oh no that's terrible  Are you still going to be able to do SFTW on Sunday though..
Can anyone here help me with getting some help on resolver one , sent email to company on Friday still no reply 
Had a great birthday party Saturday night.  Thanks to everyone who helped me celebrate!  My Pens lost yesterday.    Bring on game 4!!
Had a great weekend .................. it's a shame Monday has to come around 
It is a yucky, windy and rainy day here in Maryland!!   Have a great Monday, my friends!! (((HUGS)))
Tuesday morning. Awake at sensible time. Only drawback? Head still hurting. Get up and do things, or go back to sleep?  
Forgot Monday= Inside Sport night, iPlayering it! I want Logan's job! Apparently 80-90% of todays rugby players will have arthritis by 45 
Good Saturday morning lil kavities. Gotta go to work today 
Have to work 11-4 today. Then going home and doing homework. Looks like its gonna be a fun Saturday.....not 
New motor sorted. Have to say goodbye to my beloved Rover Coupe next Friday 
Damnit! I missed the landmark 666 retweets of tweetmeme.com. It's now over 680... Must've hit 666 late Friday. 
Dreading the doctor on Monday  Have to get the tonsils taken out! Get to play WOW yay
Good night y'all.  Have P2 of my class tomorrow so it's an early Saturday... What a way to spend my birthday 
I'm going to have a mathematics test on Monday about Pi. Can anyone help me? 
@musiclikemercy I was glad you came by. We will have to watch The Last Five Years another night. Have board meeting Monday night 
Borewell drilling opposite my house. Got to keep windows closed to beat dust, but its really hot inside  Bad Sunday!
Spring cleaning today. Have already sorted receipts for April, now on to the backlog of paper bills 
Wondering why I'm up so early. Feeling icky.  Barely any homework today. Woot. Skipping school on Tuesday, doctors appointment. 
Feel the need to party again. Friday flew in too fast. Must be the sign of a good night. Missed all the models though 
Ahhh. Want Jessie back. Why does she have to abandon me on a Sunday, when everyone is away, to go to a paaarty?  x
Sunday morning. Need to relax and let this day go slow. Back to work tomorrow  Why does that always happen?
@NADMEVENTS I know  tomorow have to wake up at 4am. Sucks! Def next Sunday. Try to see if @msaja wanna come. Have a blast tonight!
Wow. Cannot sleep, what the hell is going on? Have to wake up early tomorrow morning for school.. grr.. Sunday's upset me sometimes  ..
is not exactly thrilled that tomorrow is Monday. Had a really great weekend - except for the part where all of M's stuff got stolen 
Another Boring Monday !! Is there anyway to Skip this every week 
@5c6a 1:58 - hadn't trained over the last 2 months! Came last!  Slower than the fat guy and old woman! Have to redeem myself in June now!
Going to school today! Finally! Haven't been since Tuesday!!! soo much work to make-up 
Bad way to start a Monday. No weight lost this week  No more getting lured into drinking and eating by roommates. Gotta strap back in. :-/
Yay! Got a great cover quote from a fab author. Monday is looking up--although, no milk for coffee 
Back to work...Mondays suck  Devil Driver rocked Detroit Saturday night! Had a blast. Going to Clutch this Friday 
511.org appears to be highjacked at the moment  Want to check out bike to work activities on Thursday.
Weird angmoh and I jus parted. Not cool. Have to wait till next weekend that poor boy in camp ok Monday 
@US_EUCOM Is there only the one photo of the Change of Responsibility ceremony from last Friday? 
@bourach Not too bad today. How are you? Did you have a good night on Friday? Hope you're not missing the books too much 
Down with a cold - very untimely   Had a very long nap. I love a 100% free Sunday afternoon.
Was on the phone with #alice again this morning; they sent out a new splitter on Tuesday, but my DSL still drops out every few minutes. 
Argh. Have to learn for my biology-test on Tuesday, but that's sooo boring. 
@LJsBaby  Thanks, Got my last one on Tuesday, just so much to learn for this one, feel like none of it's going in! 
The washing machine has finally died. New one will be here Tuesday. Need new tires on the car. Guess the Iphone will have to wait 
It's bedtime. Gotta do a lot of cleaning and laundry tomorrow. I can't believe I start work on Tuesday. 
Monday Again...No Mood to go for Office 
Have to be spinning a lot of content for a Friday deadline 
@kinagrannis  I just got invited to hear you at UCLA on Monday!  Too bad I'm out of the country.    Can you please come back in the fall?
@Redwebtoo Not aware of anything planned for next Tuesday  Are you coming down to Lancaster? I am off to Amsterdam for a meeting.
Im gonna have a long week! Gotta work Saturday 
@designmilk will you be around tomorrow, I didnt make it out tonight  Did go to Design meetup at Bludot on Thursday.. very nice place
Have had a lovely Sunday, lovely indeed! Can't believe it's Monday tomoz, the weekend goes too fast 
Got the optical drive of my laptop replaced this Saturday. Weird, but it simply stopped reading DVDs although it was able to read CDs 
@xSeaShellzx Don't say that word ! You know......the...the....h word....Never good to hear that on a Sunday........that means school 2mro 
Thinking about what to cook for my food tech assignment on Tuesday. Have to get ingredients and stuff. I get marked on it  eh
Do not want to work all day on a Sunday 
Got the Sunday Nite blues 
Have to go now  Bye twitter, will be away till Friday! I'm in Hungary, you know xD ? xx
Had a great Sunday funday now off to work in the morning 
Just got up.. Getting a cup of tea then going to start my politics revision  Exam on Friday  HELP!!
Eek. I have all my finals on Tuesday! Gotta study for three exams. 
@likeomgina haha. I felt bad cuz I didn't call you guys and it was Sunday   I sent them an email. Say sorry for me!
Forgot it was Monday for a second there. On with revision 
Have lost my phone charger  ... waking up for my exam on Wednesday may be a bit of a problem!
Three more weeks of school. Will I survive? Find out on the next episode of.... oh forget it. It's Monday 
Woke up... Got a shower. Now I'm almost ready for the last Monday of the school year 
Coffee time!! Its Monday. WooHoo.  Need more weekend!
So you know that field trip I chaperoned Friday?  ... someone gave me pink eye     Moral = Never Chaperon Field trips!
Another beautiful Monday, the sun is shinging the birds are singing-but I donwanna go outside cuz I'm sickly.  Might make myself go anyway
Disappointed. Gained a pound this week. I'm never supposed to gain while dieting. Upset and filled with self loathing. Bad mood Monday 
Today must be &quot;Submit Bad Art Monday!&quot; 
@Schofe Have you seen James May's plastercine display? I'm writing essay...boo 
Goin 2 lunch. Short 1 tho. Have 2 b back to cover customer counter. Monday  my day this week. Friday is ALL day 
Didn't get what she was supposed to get from the dean.  Deadline's on Monday. Huhu!
Everything's good except I've got a stuffy nose.  Anyway, it's Friday...Have fun at HOME~~
Bout to tune in to @colinkelly for the last time till Tuesday!  Will have major Face-Off withdrawl by then! lol
@pinkSakuraDC Did you saw the weather? Saturday = rain 
I can't get a Zoom for the week off and it gotta be in on Monday. I've only recorded one interview. Massive fail. 
@rhemsworth Unable to listen in today, Ross...   On the road, heading back home. But here's a Have a good Friday greeting from me anyway!
Haven't tweeted (is that even a word, LOL).Getting ready for what seems like will be a rather long day  But, Monday is a holiday, no work!
Can't be bothered writing any more. Should probably go get ready for work  I hate Friday late shifts
@megsimone You got me going there! Have a fun day today, and a good wedding on Sunday- though not yours 
I won't get Punch-Out Wii until next Friday. I should have paid for faster shipping, but I was trying to save money. 
@Alisha4FaceTime Have a Scentsy party Saturday night, thats about it. Nothing else 
@blondemom978 I wish I could be unemployed!!!  LOL  jk  Have fun without me!   I'll probably meet them on Sunday, we're going to manch
@rocuronium Could be old age!  Turned 33 on Tuesday   Out celebrating this w/e (and need to get back exercising as I've been slacking!)
Didn't make it to the gym last nite. Sleep caught up wit me. That means double time on this beautiful Friday 
@johncessna Correct  Will Bijoy be in town on Monday?  I could run the cash over before I hit the road with @screenrider. #LAftw
Currently trying to get to level ten on this vampire thing, still wishing my damn PSP would work. Have to wait til Monday to get it fixed 
Has a huge Headache and it won't go away  mannn this sucksss. Getting ready for bed.. Yayyyyy it's Friday!!!?nightttt
@kchealy @gpsrunner @thazlett @bowerm Thanks for the support.  Need 2 get through a 5K with my kid on Sunday.    Then bike riding &amp; core.
@endlessblush yeah  maybe move Friday to another day me thinks... Got blown off the other day for one of the others (O was home so no go)
Oh hell, I forgot the non-alcoholic cider for Monday's dinner. MPP is teetotaler. Now must drive to Waupoos. Have 7 cases of wine in car. 
@Rob_Hammond Were on the way home from a night in London! Was lovely! Now working all weekend and Monday  when the weathers nice x
Hope ur all havin a nice Friday! Been feeling down this past week since my dog's passing... 
Turned my alarm off this morning because I thought it was Saturday. Had to rush to get ready for work because its def not Saturday   #FAIL
Have a happy Friday and weekend everyone .. TGIF for me is nothing 
Searching apartments in Kaohsiung. Will go seeing the apartments on next Tuesday. Haven't found a good one with reasonable rent... 
Did you guys figure out Saturday? I really wanted to go but my mom is sick so I have to take her to the hospital in Tampa 
Wish my U2 beta key worked now. Don't want to wait 'till Wednesday to play 
Have to keep bumping the mouse so my computer doesn't go to sleep. No Internet access  No files to work on. Slowest Friday eeeeevvveeerrrr
Is anyone else having a bad Friday? Is not a fun day today. 
I've just realised. I won't be able to talk to any of you crazy cats on Sunday. Is sad now. 
Have to leave twitter alone for the night..last night in Barcelona   back to Philly tomorrow. Hope u all have a great Friday! Muahh!!
Don't really wanna go school on Monday to be honest 
Bored now  - Must improve my Friday nyts lol
Husband Went off to bed, now off to missing him again until he is off again Tuesday 
Have to wait till Friday to pick up my Visa for China- not as expedited as I would have hoped, but at it's done   #geeksonaplane
Been so busy for the entire week. Be able to take a breath next Tuesday 
put ad on craigslist/Quebec 4 tan salad plates with bird drawings  can only do 1 area @ time. I still need 3 more. Got 2 at my Tuesday AM
Got the CofO to late didn't close today   Will close Monday....back out to meet a buyer tonight to show a few homes to
http://twitpic.com/67wb4 - Gotta a show on Monday at 9.... hopefully my head will be better by then.... 
@Parquette1 I just watched Medium. (I DVR them) Is it true that Monday is the last episode?      Say it ain't so.
My exciting Friday evening plans: looking at the Kaiser website for health coverage. Got a bit late for game, and there's no dancing. bah 
Got to hold my beautifully packaged Sims 3 Collector's Edition tonight! Too bad I can't take it home until Tuesday. 
I hate rain. To all rain lovers, sorry. I hate getting wet. Be gone by Monday! Don't want to get soak while commuting. 
Saturday!  Have to clean up around here.....cook out again today...taking care of mom, 3 more days till doctor day..............   
Have a wonderful Saturday my tweeps! Think of me while I slave away for 12 hours. 
Have to go back to hospital for surgery on Monday, hoping its not cancer 
Back at work on a Saturday   Have a few new projects in the works. Some new jewelry ideas and a small line of boys clothes, Well see.
@muhreeuhh I had to close on production and open server Sunday  ily2!!!!! Did u have fun?
Been 1 week &amp; 1 day and my back isn't fixing. Hobble to my chiro on Monday. Very humbling thing to lose the ability to do physical stuff 
I'm playing in a golf outing on Monday, so I really, really need to hit a few buckets today and tomorrow... Haven't swung a club all year 
@flashlight Ugh...I'm with you on that...put my back out Thursday night while rock climbing.  Have been out of commission since. 
Gotta take skyler to the drs Monday, he's not keeping any thing down   on a lighter note, were off to the zoo!
Holy cow folks, what a beautiful Saturday. Get out there and enjoy it! I gotta sit in the office and write some SOPs today 
Need cheering up! I've hit my Saturday bad mood 
Am I late for my first Follow Friday? 
@SynBen woman, I feel your pain! Think back to last Monday, yah that's how I felt! 
Work has killed my body. Don't want to get out of bed but need to eventually for the last Tequila Saturday for a while.. 
I feel like I'm swaying on a boat. Haven't been on one in quite sometime. Been this way for 3weeks  Appt on Monday.
Been awake since Thursday night, I'm sooo tired 
Lesson learned: Never stop taking meds abruptly. Results: disaster. I miss you all.  Haven't been to work/out/anything since Monday.
Have had a relationship Saturday with hubby; have made my 1st batch of flour with no wheat in it. BIscuits here I come! Allergies are 
@_calzephyr_ Wish I had Thursday off  Gotta work.
Coughing so much I pulled my back. Cannot wait until Monday when I can see a doctor. 
It's Sunday. All he wants to do is play GH:M... But no. Has to go to work. 
@elgosso i got a car? no no. my car DIED on Good Friday. I've need my own car ever since 
Just woke up, I hate Sunday morning teli! So wank! Need to do some more revision today aswell  hope everyone has an exciting day planned!?
@RobTyrie Too short notice, can't re-org my day...  Next Sunday for sure. Wish G my best for today. Strength, courage, success + luck!
@HAMMER32 @androidtomato Night Guys! Have a great Sunday... heading into Monday for me  SOOO Depressing! ewwww. Sweet Deans &amp; Sexy Jensens
Got those Sunday afternoon blues 
Cannot believe I am up at 9:30am on a Sunday  Stupid people and their need for phone numbers. Its called the phone book use it!
Got to work on Sunday 
Work on a Sunday....Gotta do what u gotta do! 
Still hung-over from Friday night ... Never again in my life will I drink that much!! 
Slept in and missed my Sunday game, Need to wait till Tuesday for a decentish game now 
Sunday funday! No lake tho  pool party! Hit me up!
Got NO homework done this weekend. Will suffer the consequences Monday 
Done cleaning. Realized that I have an English exam on tuesday/Friday  grrr. Hate exams week.
It's Monday already?? How did that happen? Working away and the office is freezing  Missing him xo xo
Didn't win the lotto this weekend  There's always Tuesday.
Didn't have time for bowling before curfew,  I leave for work in 30. Went to Friday's for dinner. They've overpriced for portions
Had an awesome Monday. Love all the healthy discussion and idea generation. Wet weather rest of week = no biking to/from work though 
Hay leaving today to go home, had an amazing time and don't really wanna go home but have to go to work on Thursday  Got my pics though
Couldn't get a badminton court for tomorrow night - or Thursday! Boooooo  Will have to book up many times tomorrow am. Or just buy it... ?
@vicsoto We play Wed &amp; Thurs plus pick-up games most wkends (usually Sunday afternoons). Was hoping to practice again tonight. Icky rain. 
Thursday going to the doctor for my eczema. Had to take off my rubber wristbands, cause they may have caused it..  I hate going to the doc
Having all 4 wisdom teeth pulled on Thursday, under a general  Got 2 coming through sideways - a dremmel job methinks.
Cannot BELIEVE it is Monday... This week is going to suck so bad! Wish it was the weekend again, sipping on coconut rum 
Back hurts.  Feel like crap.  Does it have to be Monday? 
@moon_ferret I feel your pain. Checked Barracuda filters and looks like normal Monday traffic... Don't know what to tell ya on this one. 
I am sooo...bummed! Had a huge presentation for ooffoo contest, and my comp died Friday. I am attempting to recover all data now 
Had to begin with routine computer maintenance.This has put me a little behind schedule...not good for a Monday. 
Monday Morning back at work.    Had a great weekend tho.  Did some shopping and just hung out and barely any cleaning..hehe
Back from my first day of school. Got a science exam on Thursday 
Anxious! Head to DC tom morning.. Have so much to do today... And worried I wont get a Palm Pre because I'll be flying out on Saturday. 
Have to wait til Wednesday to get internet back, they sent us the wrong modem 
Just saw one of my favorite drummers at the ball field.... Have not played with him in months.  May never get the op again... 
Don't know if I can make it til Friday..... 
20 mo minutes and I'll be 12 hours in, I will never do OT again!.. on a Monday! Can you say tired Dominican!!! 
@NKOTB Can us &quot;cruisers&quot; get a red track jacket? We were in line on Saturday and they were all out of mediums. 
I'm up. Goodmorning. Have to work on my portfolio. Deadline on Thursday! 
Just saw @kittenishgirl off at the airport. Don't get to see her until Sunday. Makes me a sad panda 
@thelongmile Make the most of the heat! Looks like it could change by Friday 
@DoonaDoo not 'gone' no  ...i live in hope though  Shall we say Monday, 1pm, usual place? You met F &amp; S?! Live up to expectations? x
WOW&lt; Mr Tweet working for me, I have alot of new followers.........what a day. More blessings..Need to catch up, Big Surgery on Thursday. 
Root canal for abcessed roots  With drugs pain is nearly faded. Need week to let &quot;drain&quot;, then Monday for packing. Are we having fun yet?
sad @  my house. we lost our little cat Sunday night  Only 10 months old / sudden illness. Need to throw self into work.
Nothing but exchanges and customer service issues today.  Gotta love Tuesday's in retail.
@JJ9828 I missed History Tuesday.  Can I read it somewhere else?
Feel like I'm getting sick  if I do it better be gone by Saturday
Lazy Tuesday. Got up, worked for an hour, came home, played Zombies, ate lunch, more Zombies, went back to bed for 5 hours. Still sleepy. 
Its been a while since I watched regular programming with the playoffs going on - Never again on a Tuesday night... Reality TV Marathon! 
Got a gig next Thursday, still haven't practiced with the others in like a month 
Need to find something new to do on Monday nights! Medium is over 
Need to find something new to do Monday nights. Medium is over 
Made my first excursion (lol) out since Friday. Photocopy lady laughed at me for peering too closely at the change I was giving her. 
Haven't tweeted for a while. Am enjoying the sunny weather although it's soon to be gone, just in time for my cousins wedding on Saturday 
Good morning everyone! It's doughnut day Wednesday at the office &amp; hump day! Have a great day! I'm off to work 
Gumby power reigned supreme at the Faversham on Tuesday! Is there any point to me having a day off when my return is this stressful 
Done dealing with Austrian bureaucracy (until Friday) Only three got stamps! Took 45 minutes at the post office to get my mail forwarded. 
Have to stay back in Korea until Sunday.  no Hanna Montana movie for me this weekend....
@TomBeasley you lucky so and so... Have you got IT on Friday? S'pose you've got a lie in on Monday too, unless you have a Welsh exam 
Tweet: Have to stay back in Korea until Sunday.  no Hanna Montana movie for me this weekend.... http://tinyurl.com/of5sbp
I really wish that @thisisrobthomas Was playing the last day of the Fall Frenzy, not the first. I can't take that Friday off. 
Have a seminar Saturday 
@SteveGarufi Hot &amp; humid this morning. Could really use some Colorado weather. Have to wait until July 
Going to Alton Towers next Wednesday and all of a sudden I've become really excited. Got to wait a week though 
Is jealous that the Mr. got a Rise Against ticket! (well him and a friend) Guess I will be all alone Saturday night...  
@cindythroop Under the weather 2day. Got drenchd last nite  Not sure if I can mk it morrow. Sunday arnd 2pm in DC? @aviars wanna join?
Woohoo, Its Friday..... Gotta spend the day doing system re-install! 
Been waiting anxiously to receive a price list on dung paper.... hasn't arrived yet, I suppose I shall hv to wait til Monday 
Read over 500 pages in school books since Tuesday. Took 7 quizzes 1 exam and did 6 assignments. Only got a 75 on my exam 
@Azlen I'm excited it's Friday too. In a pickle though. Have a graduation tonight and a b day party.  Did u get my DM?
wont be online until Monday- B-day celebrations all weekend- no phone allowed  Have a great weekend everyone!!
Have to work on Saturday  But it's with @411God and @votaband  I think I'll manage. #followfriday
Got my first job offer. It starts on Tuesday. Damn! Can't start till July 1st therefore, I have to call and see if it's still open then. 
What a great way to spend Friday....at school working on our final paper! Did I mention it's a 150 page report... 
@jetforme I have not been able to try! Got home today, packed, and on road out of town right now. Sorry  will try Sunday night
@studioindus @Shawnabarnscher @hummingbird604 Thank you.  I think food poisoning   Ah well, at least it's Friday!  Have a great wknd!
I guess we will have our second no show Friday, will give it till 8:30 before calling it a nite. Need to ask GOD what am I doing wrong 
shit shit and triple shit. this test matrix just tripled. Is it Sunday yet? 
@Sinitron Hope your Friday night is going well. Have a great time tomorrow night. I'll be sad you are not at work 
Have to work Saturday 
Morning all. Had to get up early for a Saturday as I am working today  All I hope is it is going to be a short working day today???
Boo! Have to wait until Sunday for game 2 of the NBA finals 
Damn it! On Follow Friday I lost a follower! 
Screwed up!!! Have GDPI on Monday and I know sqad about politics !! 
@serioussarcasm I wish I could go with you guys!  Have a great time and you gotta tel me ALL ABOUT IT on Monday!
Wish it was Friday  Didn't hear any of Scott yesterday
Been to oxford street and back brought a pretty dress but looks awful on me will need to take it back on Monday 
Just realized I typed an extra e in street. See below. Is it really Saturday? I miss my man 
Got to learn for two exams this weekend. English + math.  But looking forward to the WWDC Keynote on Monday.
Saturday night @ office!!! Can it get worse than this?  #fb
@cloverdash Hmmm, I hope it doesn't go cold  Got the Saturdays on Tuesday, but more excitingly, it's Rent on Wednesday!
my back is still killing from Thursday   Need a massage!
Keep an eye out for another book contest: Sisterchicks in Wooden Shoes to start on Monday!  No one won the other giveaway 
On the train home. Too busy. Have to go in again on Tuesday 
Got to go to work. Its Saturday 
@DavidKyle Sorry u have to work!  Have same free tasting every Saturday. CU Tuesday? Wednesday?
OK... Better Than Ezra in-store has been cancelled due to illness. So, no in-stores for today, Saturday, 6/6. Sorry guys 
Have a good one everyone. And heard the weather will be like this till next Tuesday! 
Man. I miss my fam. Especially my daughter. Haven't been with them since Thursday. 
@sweetiestar7174 This internship.. I have an interview next Wednesday! Are you okay? You seem stressed 
Tummy upset today  Will need to spend tomorrow getting ready for our 1st co-op session on Monday
Took a nap and woke up feeling sick!  my throate is very sore. Going to have to go to the doctor Monday.
I'm thinking that there's a big conflict w/ next Friday's plans  Please,please,please tell me it's not so!  Been waiting so long for this!
No bike race for me tomorrow.  Bike is out of commission.  Back rim apparently shot to shit.  Have to wait until Monday.  
Got rid of the things that no longer serve me, can't believe how much junk there was. Time went by so fast, what happend to Saturday??? 
Been up since 7 am on Sunday 
Dud Sunday Morning! Just when I thot I could laze arnd, watch F1 &amp; Cric, summons come 4m workplace! Gotta go slog mmy a** off there! 
Loved the MOs Friday, wishing there were more tonight 
Don't want to go to work. I hate Sunday service buses plus work is gonna be boring today  grrrrrr
Yay Sunday! Gotta do my accounts  but at least it's stopped raining
Watching CBS Sunday Morning talking about Tim Horton Donuts. Never had one and now I MUST HAVE ONE..but they are in Canada!!! 
Had got that Sunday afternoon, belly full, uncomfortable hypoglaecemic feeling 
Gawd, I've been feeling sick since Thursday! Gotta visit the doc tmr! 
@Lady_Gig thanks for the follow! Have a great Sunday! I would but I'm off to work in a couple of hours until 8 o'clock tomorrow morning 
Was going to eat Chick Fil A but alas it's Sunday. 
Last day of college on Monday...Total gutted btw!  Don't want it to end! x
I'm waiting for it to turn 8, so I can go home and have a couple of days off. Been in every day since Wednesday 
Haven't felt well since Saturday morning and it isn't making studying any easier. Pity you can't blame failing maths on a stomach bug 
@LAMBinibabini I can always see the film with u another time...I just told Michelle I'd go with her Sunday.   Forgot u worked.
Boring Sunday  N Work 2 Tomz  Just Got Lenkas And Enter Shakri Album 
Got into some chicken on Friday night and have been sick ever since.  Left a couple of bad surprises for my mom today while she was out 
Weekend is over, today is Monday but I see no difference. I worked the whole weekend.  Need some rest from the rest of the world. 
Got the Sunday evening blues 
Sick on a Sunday  Thank heaven it's not on a thursday. Stomach flu I'm guessing?
Was supposed to see the hangover today, guess its gonna have to wait till Tuesday 
Need to get an outfit for the interview on Wednesday. I don't really wanna do hotels but I'll still be crushed if I don't get it 
Spent time with Mom &amp; one of her friends last Friday evening. I miss home! 
Gotta log off now. Don't want to go to work, but pulling a &quot;sickie&quot; for a Monday's too obvious. 
Did loads of work on Friday and weekend but no appreciation... instead dumped with more work and even tighter schedule, damn it.... 
@Samwahlberg I wished I could come too   Gotta keep old husband happy lol.  Look forward to seeing you on 5th July, woo hoo!
Today is a *very* tired Monday.  Weekend was not good for catching up on sleep as I hoped it would be.  Makes me write in passive voice. 
Got to work this coming Saturday so have the day off today. Which means dealing with the 101 tasks I've been trying to avoid for weeks 
Monday morning..bwaaah  And it's raining. Friends from out of town still here. Don't feel like getting ready for work, of course.
Got Mike on his way.  He'll be back Thursday 
Got the Monday Blues 
Do work. Monday 
Got bad case of the Monday blues! It's always the same after a great week end. Work just gets in the way sometimes.. 
@chrispetescia  Feel better. What happened on Saturday? Any weird filming?
Got a speeding ticket this morning....Monday's are the worst.  
@tygerlyn  sawwwy. Did you at least win lots of $$ at poker on Saturday?
Ordered my iPhone today...but I won't get it until next Monday.  Operation Waiting Impatiently is a go!
wishing it was the weekend..... that is wrong as it's only Monday! Think its going to be a long week 
The lady that gave me a facial on Saturday has done something to my nose - it's really sore! Think it was the white nettle potion 
Had to pay $211 to fix my laptop... FML!!  Get it back on Monday  http://myloc.me/3WYR
I'm having an early Follow Friday.  Wish I could find more people from around home 
@ThinkTings you're right. Sounds much better that way! Was reply to a twit but 4got to press reply! Cocktail Tuesday! Its 130&amp; I'm awake 
I hate summer school bc that means @agblair is 3 hours away  Will Friday evening get here soon enough?
@SuperwomanAK Broken-hearted Monday. Never thought I could be so overly mooning over a guy 
Got in a car crash of course  can't afford my life... May have to turn to hooking
I got Ghostbusters the video game and Friday The 13th - Killer Cut. Xbox Live is down for 24 hours, though. 
@xxxxxkarlaxxxxx - So.... did you...? have sweet dreams??? - I can't remember mine this morning...  - Have a Great Tuesday!
@creatific on Friday. Lady fell asleep and ploughed into car full speed! Find out later if written off 
Been transfer  Start new store Monday ;(
crap. I am feeling sick! Must get better by Friday! 
Pulled a muscle in my leg Thursday, now I messed up my arm. My entire right side is fucked 
I was looking for the CMT Awards, but I couldn't find them.  Were they on next Tuesday?  I hope I didn't miss them. 
Cox installed tv+internet wrong. Have to wait till Friday for them to come fix it. 
No iPhone 3.0 Gotta get some sleep before long drive tomorrow.  Now I can't update till Saturday 
Hey, i can see the Sears Tower out my window again!  Was so foggy and rainy on Tuesday that i couldn't see it all day.  
Just got back from Beatrice.  Bruins lost 8-7 in 11 innings   Same thing tomorrow and Thursday.  Haven't ate since 6am!
At home today, sick. Missed 3 exams at school  Following Peter Facinelli. Gotta get him 500k followers before Friday!!
@LynneHutcheson Yeah  Will be til Friday night, possibly into early hours of Saturday. Have the hump today for no reason :/
Dammit ferry isn't going when they said. Got to get it tuesday and get to the festival Thursday when it starts and less camping space 
Haven't got the PAC yet from Vodafone so no point going into an O2 shop on Friday to get a new iPhone, bah! Just have to rely on DHL 
Cripes - it's Wednesday! Would have liked to have been home in time for #SpicksnSpecks but don't think I'll make it 
Need to study for an exam on Friday, but have no motivation whatsoever 
 Otalia is only on 2 days this week! Have to wait till Friday!! 
Hope everyone has a Great Wednesday!!!!!!! I Have alot of errands to run. 
first night of packing. Don't feel like I got far. I'm gunna be up late Friday 
Gotta go to the dentist today  ugh i hate it! I'm so ready for vacation Friday!!!
Got to leave work AGAIN soon  Days off tomorrow and Friday yey!
Got my run in before work (and the rain!). Now prepping my forecast for the Noon show on @WRAL. Friday could be FRYday. 
@Victoria2105 Can I sponsor you after run?? I def will but payday is Monday 
Have my 1st Alp cycling marathon of this year on Sunday - Weather forecast: 80% chance for rain - Seems I will take a looong shower Bah 
Had my first cancellation for Friday. Lets hope there's not anymore 
@Soomka  Not here Friday... Need to find some other time to watch the destruction of one of my favorite franchises...
@lukeanderson meh! Rain  Got soaked earlier. Bloody jeans were all cold  Had a hail storm on Monday too! Better be nice on Saturday de!!
Cannot believe that Supernatural finishes the series on Sunday 
 was sick for the last two days..missed working out. Don't worry I'll be back on my game in no time. Friday!!!! Watch out Beyonce.
First Spaceport Ever Begins Construction on Friday:  http://tinyurl.com/nlsqnh (what... no cloud city? I'm disappointed  ) #space
Had a great time with the cuz and sad because she's going to college next Friday... 
@webcrush Of course I won't get mine until Sunday because I'm leaving town. Feel sorry for me. 
Great Thursday morning! Gotta return to work. BTW now working on Working Drawing! 
Rainy. It keeps me not to be able to play catch outside.. Get out of here, please! Especially on Saturday 
Have to work now... it will be a hard and long day  and then preparing all for the painter on Monday... OMG
I hate quarter-hour clock ins  Got in at 8:00:42am &amp; clocked as 8:15.  Which means a 7.45am start for Friday *sigh*
Thought it was Friday when I woke up. Gutted to find out it wasn't 
Feel like crap. Got a cold  And I'm bloody knackered, still trying to catch up on Saturday's missed nyt of sleep! Roll on the weekend pls!
My knee has been hurting since my 8 mile run on Sunday...  Couldn't even run yesterday... how do I make it better?
 I'm feeling a little under the weather today! Gotta get good before Nashville pride on Saturday!
@LexieLerro @mikeyil sounds like a good time for a Monday night but alas I won't be in town   Haven't seen that movie in ages too!
@semipenguin Now I'm hungry again. Have had no starch since Sunday. Longing for potatoes. 
Haven't won a #threadless shirt for #threadless Thursday. Sad.  I even wore my birdhotel shirt.
102 fans on Facebook but only 14 followers on twitter  Help spread the word. See you Tuesday at 7 for our next walk.
Another Thursday. Better be some Reward Points tonight!  #GuilDWars
Have to wait till Monday to find out what we are having   Today has been the let down kinda day.
@mistybelley me too! Got to love $3 buck chuck, how come we get no good trash tv on Thursday? 
@GarveyBen I've just got back from the girl that I am seeings house. Got to leave her on Saturday though 
@simonmcnamee onto the forth episode in a row man...SO bored! Need a friggin job, it doesn't feel right being in on a Thursday 
Lol. Can you tell it's late? Lol. Forgot tomorrow was there.  I wanted to say it for Friday and Saturday - cool and rainy. 
Recieved my tracking info for the 3G S. Have to wait till Monday 
So glad it's Friday - but wish I wasn't stuck in the damn office  Have a good weekend everyone!! x
Got work tomorrow and Sunday  ah well money is money!
Ugh, AT&amp;T is gonna get an earful for this...  My order said Free Overnight Shipping -- it went out 2nd Day - no #iPhone 'til Monday  
Friday. Progress made on various projs this week. Have to mow in 101F heat this weekend 
@arataka ignore him/her    It's Friday!  Time to be happy!  Do what I'm doing later today... take pics!  
@ShropshirePixie Sounds like a good way to start a Sunday, will you be up for the sunrise?Been packing again and realized how much I have 
Have to take grandson to Albuquerque to his other grandma for the weekend.  Will b off-line 4 most of Friday.  
@AngelaAtHP Thanks for the #followfriday!  C6380 arrived today. Will have to wait until Monday to set it up though 
Its Friday!! Too bad I have work tonight  its all good though....Gotta make $$, that's wats important
Need another nap, just too hot for anything else. Dogs/cats flopped out all over, hot too. Heat advisory in Shelby til 7pm pst Saturday. 
Was beautiful week, ended with a rainy Friday... spent indoor with sick toddler 
@musicologist012 Workin  hey u deserve to go out and do something... Enjoy the Friday LOL!!!
@claudiagmodel why on Sunday   Would love to have checked it out
Friday night and I'm bored, this is a great start to the summer...8-) Have to wake up early for soccer tomorrow 
Omg Friday night! And I'm off tomorrow!  Yesssssss!  Gotta take @alexmillar to the airport tomorrow morning tho.  
Had my MRI today...that was painful...grrrrrrrr...I don't get the results until Monday 
Been waking up a 5:30am every day for a few days now. It's 11:15 on a Saturday night and I'm already exausted. 
@thespunkyone I NEED to find something to wear Friday! Did you find anything yet? We are running out of time 
Got sunburned  Hopefully it turns tan by tomorrow or Sunday 
I hate it when I wake up too early on a Saturday, and can't get back to sleep  Would never happen on a work day!
Had the most boring Friday night in alone   working tonight, what a great bloody weekend to be had!! Roll on next weekend!!!!
@lostgirl66 u=very dull?  Never! if your work was tax accountant I'd agree - be glad its not!  Working on a Saturday isn't good tho'. 
Can apparently only wake up early when she doesn't have to work. Yay 7:30am on Saturday.... 
@BTCare Sent u DM, seems to be problem with modem. Had wireless been ordered correctly would have been fine, gotta wait till Tuesday 
@ShaziaR72 So what's your plan re: September? Got tickets or are you unable to attend? Sunday nights are a bit impossible for me  I think.
Just managed to get next Saturday off...then I'll be off for a week xD Need to work til 5 tomorrow though 
Had an awesome time at Britney concert on Wednesday, Want to go again!!  ..... Boredd x
Called Adam. He's out in Sigma, &amp; I don't blame him. Haven't spoken since Wednesday though  might call tomorrow afternoon.
WTF? I seem to have lost the ability to post pictures to friendfeed via tarpipe... Have to check what's wrong Monday  http://ff.im/4eq0i
Home now from kitten sitting, having spent time with her since Friday night I now miss her  Want kitten.
@jshe Will check out your latest post shortly doing paperwork.  At school.  On Sunday.   Been here 4 hours already. 
@HeatherRivlin you must have some pull b/c they said they couldn't get my images to me till Monday!  Had to disappoint some clients!
Our police vehicle just broke down.. Had to push it a good distance. Hard day's work on a Sunday morning.. 
@MattGanzak just left the city! Didn't think anyone was hanging there tonight, I went Friday 
@GoCheeksGo hills in heels is NOT fun! Had to deal with that on Friday. 
@BluntNate Looks interesting. Will just miss it   Coming up to Sydney on Friday for Supanova. Good luck with your presentation!
A Sunday well spent! Don't feel like work tomorrow 
@LucyKD Workin on a Sunday. Gutted for you  In that case make sure he pampers u when u get in 
I woke up at 5 a.m.  5 1/2 hrs. sleep not enough, especially after only 5 hrs. Friday night! Must fall back to sleep!
Up at 7:30 am on a Sunday.    Gotta be up even earlier tomorrow.  Doing some maintenance at 4:30 am.
Sunday night  Wrote some good songs this weekend. Didn't want it to end.
Was in a car accident Friday, no one was hurt though. Confused as hell... I Love him, but I like someone else too..  I need help.
@frannyfroofroo just sent you an email.  Don't think Tuesday is in the cards for me   Miss you lots and lots and lots.  XoxoSee you soon!
Had dinner Friday night to say goodbye to Vincent, one of Only Network's founders, now I'm the last guy that was there from the beginning 
@ByronGlick Byron, it's you again!  How did U get stuck with Sunday desk duty at the DNC?  Are all the other Obamabots dads?  
Haven't been on WoW since March. Midsummer Fire Festival's just begun. Need money 
But shiieet. Gotta wake up at 4 in the morning Wednesday!! Layover in houstons gonna suckk. 
@casket4mytears What's a matter Tiffola?  Break up shiz?  Are you around on Sunday?  We are all coming for pride
Found parking in front of place I was heading into! For whatever reason thought it was Sunday. Parking meter guy thought different - $35 
Went fishin and swimming in step-grandpa's pond 2 times this weekend. Goin to see Transformers at Midnight Wednesday! I miss my friends! 
Reall bored. Don't want Thursday to roll around, Have to read out my 'Room 101' stuff, Stressing big time 
I want to go and see Public Enemies. Could get free tickets for Monday but all gone. 
damn - thought it was Thursday when the office girl gets me coffee! Was going to be highlight of day. Feeling very let down now 
Was so sick the last 2 days Not making any videos until Friday 
tired...Have school on Saturday too 
Just found out I won't get my car til Monday or Tuesday  Was hoping for a weekend of driving! Never mind, will save on petrol/insurance
@iescape Boo  Is still sort of sunny here in Dorset, don't mind driving in rain tomorrow but sun on Saturday please! Can you organise?!
Feel like a right idiot - thought my final theory test was tmr when it was actually Tuesday!!! 
Kottonmout Kings in Chicago this August.  On a flippin Monday... Want to go.  Sad..  
@renabelle...um, why would you start on Saturday?!?  Boo!!!    Have fun in Dubai, though!  *Hugs*
@traveladdict I think I missed it for today  Thank you for the pw though! Will try again tomorrow before heading to a box office Saturday.
@ingridcoles The cyclazine doesn't seem to help much. Had some this morning.  Think it may be an ulcer. Gastroscopy on Monday - Yay! Fun!
Have hit a snag with race wheels for Sunday.  
@Nikkyface yes bekuz I was listen to that album too.. Lol nah not gonna make it this time.. Gotta a meetin this Sunday 
@RAPEY Have a good Tuesday 
All set for Get Diverted this Saturday at Plan B in Brixton, always a great crowd 
OK, I've now recovered from a mental sesh on Sunday... NEVER again! Need to start concentrating on business and start making me millions 
And no, Tuesday's not over yet - not by a long-shot! Have a good evening ahead 
@hippielove Feeling good today I hope. Feels like a good Tuesday to me, cross your fingers.  
@TomOKeefe1 Good night Tom! Have a good Tuesday. I'll let you know how Wednesday goes 
@Floris Thanks Dinggggggg &lt;3 ... Have a wonderful Tuesday 
@Piers_the_First Your show's on Easter Monday? Is that AM or FM? Will tune in. 
Good morning tweeple! Have a safe and productive Tuesday. 
Have a great day, Jen.  &quot;Somebody&quot; had me up early because she was hungry...it's Saturday.  
What a wonderful Saturday! Have a nice day everyone! 
Hey everybody! Have a great Saturday, because I will 
Off to breakfast and then some shopping. Have a great Saturday everyone! 
It is a rare gorgeous Saturday in the 'Burgh. Feel compelled to take the Schnauzer to the D-O-G P-A-R-K.  Yay - finally dog park w/o mud!
Up early on a Saturday.  Need to run a couple of errands, then off to  Ancient Egypt.  
@leslieberg April 29, just checking to see what movies we have on our flight.  Have you been there?
Didn't realize how much I missed my Saturday whole foods runs 
Getting ready to go to store. Have to get some black boots for my daughters class play Monday night. Its a Pirate thing. Should be fun 
@didactylos yes! Will have to try it! Back home  to York on Monday so guaranteed good pint 
Need new tires, but just to tired to go and have them replaced..maybe Monday  Now that's tired, LOL
@BizAvWeekly Copy! And Wilco! See you on Monday Afternoon! 
Had the perfect Saturday with hubby. Life is good 
Today being Sunday, plan to chant 16 rounds of Mahamantra. Never done it before 
Good morning busy MariSmith!  Back to earth!  Have a sunny Sunday!!! 
Had a lovely Sunday. Nothing beats good friends, good food and good weather 
gonna get off the tweets till later... avoiding F1 comments   - Going out for a BIG breakfast with a buddy.  Have a good Sunday all.
@kinggayle You'll get the hang of it before you know it.   Got a kick out of watching you and O Twittering on Friday's Live Show!  =D
Dad's curry is sooo nice  Need to revise Spanish for Tuesday, but i cant be bothered at the moment
@TraciKnoppe sleeping in is such a Sunday treat! Have fun with your family 
Have a ''SWEET'' Sunday  movie was awesome!
@reikifurbabies Good morning! Have a good Sunday 
@saralwin Thanks Sara!  I feel like such a twit here on twitter!   Have a nice Sunday. &lt;3
All right, tweeps, I'm out for a spell. Good morning, afternoon, evening to all. Have fun discussing some heavy Sunday topics.  
Enjoyin' the shit outta my Sunday! Have a great one everybody! 
@equestrian Afternoon! We've been doing great! So hard to be inside when it's so lovely outside. Have a wonderful Sunday! 
We had a package delivered by Canada Post just after noon today. It's Sunday. Had no idea they did any deliveries on Sundays. 
OK time for a lovely Sunday afternoon nap.  I am cooking today! HOORAY! Will be back later. ((HUGS))  I've missed you all 
another manic Monday  Have a good week everyone! 
Off to bed!! Had a pretty good Sunday! 
Hooray! It's Monday! Start of a new week. I love Mondays 
It's Monday morning; time to start another week of work, and such.  Have a good one everybody!! 
There is something very amusing about a 3yo singing &quot;Put on Your Sunday Clothes&quot;. She knows most of the words. I blame WALL-E. 
@Samchampion http://twitpic.com/3ngrl - Great pic....you should do one every Monday! Have a great week from sunny Florida!! 
Had a great weekend with everyone...back from Quebec....slept all of Sunday and now back to work.... ahhh so rested 
@Kerrlaw Ah, the beloved Monday morning at the Attorney Generals Office...   Have a fun day and I'll see you soon.
@SensualStories I'm very well thanks, no jet lag which is great. Off to Napoli and great gelato on Friday  How are you m'lady?
Morning! Have a blessed Monday folks!!  let your light shine!
Monday morning rain &amp; two appointments postponed...I'm pressing the &quot;Start Over&quot; button NOW!  Making calls &amp; creating a shift in my mind! 
Rainy Monday here. Lots to do so guess I'd best get at it. Will check back in later. Wishing all of you a great day! 
@ShabbyGomer It must be fun getting to play with ballons first thing Monday morning. Have a fun day today 
@BulkyWebEU  thank you for the retweet glad you liked it . Have a Great Monday 
@TownHallForHope So excited for Thursday.  Was on the streaming test last week.  Excited to see the real thing 
Have booked my train ticket to go see beautiful men dressed as fairies in Newbury on Saturday! 
Got an interview next Tuesday!! woo!!! 
Good morning Twitters. Had a great Monday, lookin for an even better Tuesday. Tweet to youz by mobile if the need arises  Off to 9 to 5
Thanks 2 all new followers! I will try and do Follow Friday late again - but really appreciate the interest  Have a great wkend!
is very very sleepy.. Thinking about her mister..  Wish he was here.. Heading to bed soon. Such a loser.. Stayed home on a Friday night.&lt;3
Red Wings take game 1. It was inevitable.  Cannot wait for Sunday's game and of course next Thursday 'cause I'll be thereeee!
Earrings promotion was a blast!  Thank you all!  New additions coming up on Monday. Stay tuned! 
Got LOTS of good snax for Study on Sunday 
Ok. Time 4 some shut eye. Morning Twietnam! Have a wonderful Saturday ppl 
Have a wonderful Saturday everyone!!! 
@dennisirby Don't tell mom   See you on Friday!  (Surprise if you didn't know yet!  LOL)
@knightopia your son in the stroller looks pissed off! Is it because you got him up so early on a Saturday? 
IDIOTat)glorialynnglass Th*nks for the Follow Friday. Have a great weekend  (geltdesigns) #IDIOT
Let people know: May is the final month to book a 2009 wedding for under $1200! As of 1.6.09, prices will rise! Have ppl email me! 
added to the goody bag  Will YOU be a winner?? http://tinyurl.com/cjtlu8 Wednesday, May 6th at Doc's Place! See you there!
This has been one lazy Saturday.  Been helping my sister revise for french exams, and playing the amazing portal from orange box . 
@ceibner Have a safe trip back home. Was great seeing you again on Friday night. Don't be a stranger ok? 
Sunday Morning. Flying Training today. An impromptu session due to some good weather this weekend. Will Tweet from airfield later. 
finally off on a Sunday   Don't know what to do with my self now.  Go shopping or just rest mmhhhhh
Got back from another crazy Saturday night, and this time, there was no ankle twisting 
@cheth Just trying to recooperate from mini golf with the boys ;) Jk, Weekend has been a blast! Have a feeling Sunday will be a lazy one 
What an awesome weekend!  Don't miss Chasing Corona Live this Thursday!! And the Hooters Charity Bikini Contest on Wed. May 13th!!
@froggie775 Thank you. And do enjoy your Sunday too! On my walk I met a man with an RC plane that ran on batteries. Got to get one! 
@Charonqc and put a spanner in the works for the military -level keep-fit regime! Have a great Sunday 
Good morning all! Have a nice Sunday! 
http://twitpic.com/4h0rw - Off to do grocery! My hair looks like a haystack! Enjoy your Sunday everyone 
@jesscocaine thanks you too  all we can do is stay in our place. calm. cool. good. Have an amazing Sunday
@skyblues4eva I'm o.k, thanks. Better than I was on Friday. Thanks for yesterday, it really cheered me up when I read your d.ms  xx
Good morning! Off to breakfast w/ the family before political study  &amp; editing. Monday's work starts today  Need Bible study today, also.
Have a lovely Sunday outdoors with friends. Greetings to everyone! 
catching up on work and cleaning today. Had a lovely anniversary dinner last night....14 years on Wednesday!  
Have a great Sunday everyone, and if you got a little extra love, stop by my place and share. I always give what I get. 
@live1day Have a wonderful Sunday 
@forrestfyr Pups are always game for a little sugar!  Have a great Sunday!    WOOF!
@typezero3 Ohayo! Have a great Sunday..and maybe even a great &quot;sundae&quot;! 
@TashaNiicole yeah I'll def go !! Don't front hoe ima tell toya. Anddd RENEEEEE is cumn home nxt Monday!!! 
@rodjek Sounds like Friday morning when my toes went numb. First stage of frostbite  Better buy warmer cycling sox.
@asplendidaffair night! Sounds like an exciting weekend.    Have a fantastic Monday!
@ragdollgonewild No please. Make it Saturday 
Did her pilates and her crunches... AND a facial  Ready for another miserable Monday....
Had a gr8 Sunday relaxing enjoying the beautiful weather. Good nite 
@IndigoGardens Lol! Joyologist? Love it - much better than the happy freak who can't stop smiling  Enjoy Monday!
Get yer freak on-it's Monday! Have a Great one, if it's possible to have a great Monday! 
Happy Monday!  Lots of little things to do today!  Tried to water plants out front very early in jammies! Got caught by two neighbors!! 
morning... on Monday. Is it really?  
@JasonBradbury Have a great Sunday wit the kids and Mickey 
Had a great weekend... but ate too much I think..  I am looking forward to my trip to Hobart on Friday the 15th....
Have don all my paper work now for a lazzy Sunday 
Headed for the field.  Back Thursday.  Try to behave in my absence  
@lynnmosher Here is the slideshow of the wildlife from Friday.  Have more to add from yesterday 
@gfalcone601 hope the gig goes well Have a good Sunday, in what is left of it 
I wonder if the matriculation exam results are released next Friday? I'm nervous as hell. Don't even know my predicted grades 
Just got back from taking my dad to get a tattoo done...im getting one on Thursday! Can barely contain myself! 
I might go to the gay club on Wednesday.  Should be fun.
The Kills were so hot tonight. Look for my review Wednesday on @TheCultureBully (still have to get through my Mogwai review-so many shows 
@laggsa2009 Thanks Laurie! I will tweet from my phone   Have a great Thursday!!
@Boffbowsh Looks tasty, I left my selections to fate! See what arrives next Tuesday 
@joeymcintyre Get ready to take it to another level...party starts tonight! No sleep til Monday 
We saw Stephen Lewis here at the College last night - great speaker!  Have a terrific Thursday.   xoxoxo
@ClaudeKelly Gmorning Claude! Have a wonderful Thursday! Today I'll spend my first lawyer's fees with myself! Nice! Brazilian kisses 
Will be diving during the weekend, Madonna wait for me here i come  Wait for the videos and photos on Monday 
Bored. HTT free gig in Mansfield tomorow. Want to go! Seeing them Saturday anywho. 
Ha, five folks in my feed are tweeting about alcohol. Must be Saturday night... 
Had an AMAZiNG SHOW!! May 9th Follow me for more info. on upcoming shows Plan on updating my twitter more often sorry guys! 
@janole Thanks, got that also form @phoneboy yesterday so I'm cool now!  Have an excellent Sunday!
@LorindaV @sarahlbenjamin I second that  Coffee is desperately needed xxx Have a beautiful Sunday girls x
Another Sunday, day of rest, my a...! Not with a boxer around, suns up, lets go out to play!!    Ready to go and he's gone back to bed!
@Inspirationals u r certainly welcome  Have a Super Sunday!
Woke up after 5 hrs sleep - can't wait to share w the world how was this super weekend. And it's not over yet!  Have a wonderful Sunday!
@masapong Yes, will be until next Sunday. Have fun in China! 
Define fun. Sunday. Stuck in a bedroom with some cool fun people. 
Are going to Stockholm this Friday, its going to be great. Gonna see my girls again, its been a while now. 
@DavidArchie LOL. Does David Cook have any twitter? I'd love to follow him.  Are you gonn` be on Wednesday's finale?
exam...so I still have to learn a lot :S Anyway...Have a nice Sunday 
Beautiful Sunday Morning All!!!!!!! Have a Great Day Everyone 
Heading to church..Have a great day...Be inspired and filled with peace and love on this Sunday Morning..It's not over 
Did you use your Sunday to recover &amp; recharge or were you checking email and worrying abt the week ahead? Just something to think about 
Friendly Fires Were Amazing Friday 
Its Sunday  Watching George and drinking coffee  Gonna do yard work later and go do some grocery shoppin. Have an Awesome Week!!!
@Dirtdawg50k WOW- what a fun day!!!!  Have a fab Sunday. 
@MorningWhiskey Have a wonderful Sunday!! 
@CheriePop Have a beautiful Sunday 
Okay I better go help my hubby plant the garden Have a great Sunday  -S http://weightlosswiththefabulousfatties.wordpress.com/
@Sunday28 Haha, it's already past midnight here. Have a nice nap now 
Enjoying a lovely Sunday afternoon  Got back from babysitting and now gonna go shopping and get a coffee!
@mr_rogg Have a great Sunday! 
Cooking cinnamon rolls and generally enjoying the day! Have a good Sunday tweeps! 
Okay - really have to get some housework done - LOL  Have a wonderful Sunday afternoon all.  I wish you all SAFE passage into the week 
Long weekend here in Canada! Heading over the border for a little shopping and a change of scenery.    Have a good one, see you Tuesday!
@jamesmalach Love the Netherlands! Going back June 12  Have fun!
omw 2 th gay pride parade! Im sure Ill b uploading sm interesting pics l8r  Have a good Sunday every1! xoxo
Got some new digs!! Moving next Saturday! 
@rtkmusic Don't forget about Tuesday night...and thanks for the compliment on the new track 
It's Monday morning, the sun is shining. Must be time for a run before work! 
@ work...... totally hating Monday.  Want to go to NY!! NOW! 
Amazed @ how much work I got done today. That 2 on a Sunday! Caught up on stuff that was pending since April. Was it the coffee or what? 
Have a good week. May your health increase, your path be clear and happiness settle in all around you.  
@EnterPeace I'm ordering it sometime this week, probably on Tuesday.  Sure!   Have you tried SwapTree yet?
It is Monday and this is going to be a very productive week  Bring it on
We'll be heading off to the province on Tuesday... finally, i can have my much needed rest!  Off to Bataan we go! See you all next week 
@fah20 Wordbook is one of my favorite apps! Be on the lookout for a delivery Tuesday! 
Had a great Saturday! First session at 5.30am...clear blue sky and 4.2... Big Smile! 
@brizzlebabber actually,  ishould be doing something with Natums on Friday, if you're joining us. Give me my beer money then! 
Hey @halltom. Have to do 70-536 as base exam - scheduled for next Monday, and then 70-562 in a few weeks 
I had a great weekend.    But freakinay!  My Monday started 4 hours ago.  This is going to be a crazy week.  Bring it.
Eating cheese, waiting for my roast chook to cook, watching How I Met Your Mother, yaaay for Monday off 
Have a great day y'all. Our tip of the day is to say I love u at least once.go on try it and have a happy Monday... 
So now It's 51 day left (but if to count 8 of July too)... But I prefer number 50  Want to see you here faster Dear.
@queen_yinci Morning Queenie! Isn't there wii programme for WHB ? With feather duster/royal rag controllers? [wink] Have a great Monday! 
Walked dog, ran 3.5miles (wow, get me!!), had shower, still not even 10.30am!!!  Beat that for a productive Monday morning!!  
@donnapartow Glad u had a gr8 Sunday &amp; were able 2B @ home!!  Have a gr8 day!!
No clash on the Saturday of download. Got 5 mins after the prod finish to get to the main stage for slipknot 
Got to get going to work... I hope everyone has a fantastic day today! (Even if it is Monday!) lol 
I can't believe its Monday already! Got a long week ahead!  
Gooood Morning everyone..... and here we are again, doin' the hustle  happy Monday all. Have a fantastic day!!!
Morning folks.. it's happy Go Monday in St. Louis, Missouri -- Have a great day..  
@scotdoc Oh i see - there is nothing worse than a Monday morning after 2 nice lie-ins! Have you got the long weekend this weekend? 
Nitey &amp; Have a good Monday Tweeters!  Enjoy the Musical Selection!
May have a third job today.  Gotta make that cash!
@melliz tweet. You likey my tan? It's made in Greece. I love you little pe..nut  Have a good Tuesday x
We're joining the strike on Thursday. You should too. See you outside State Library at @ 1pm.  Just so you can say &quot;Been there done that&quot;
Ok guys, I'm @ my desk about to gt started. Have a Motivating Monday!! See ya @ lunchtime 
Have a great Monday 
Good morning! It's Monday! Have a wonderful day!  
@stellarSuki I like that.  Great way to start a Monday morning! Have a wonderful week!
Wow my last comment, a month ago, on a Monday pretty much fits today as well.  Only I did my excersizing in a Sauna Suit this time! 
Friday before bank holiday. Don't have to drive round the M25. Sun Shining. Safe to say I'm irritatingly cheerful. You have been warned 
@labradors Good mornign! Have a great Friday!! 
Morning all! Feeling great this morning. Probably something to do with the weather and the fact it is Friday!  TGIF
@speaktothewind thanks for the tip. Have just packed the Berocca and had one today for good measure too. No hangover for Jayney on Sunday 
Gotta Catch a train @ 850 am! Back to CT then off to Cali Monday! 
@JoshKin Plan H3's outing well. I'll start working on Tuesday. Off to Tagaytay. Will just look forward to your pictures. 
Mornin all! Slept thro bleddy alarm again!! I'm sooo late, #followfriday recs to come later in the day. Have a good Friday 
Woof! Just had one heck of a night  Gotta love The Tavern on a Thursday night!!
I'm leaving tomorrow, for camp . Be back on Sunday. 
Leaving for SASQUATCH tomorrow  Be back Monday!
@JohnnyLaird morning johnny - and a gorgeous one here too  Have a great Friday
@Gailporter yay!  Keep smiling and have an awesome Friday/Weekend!
@aussie_at_heart Morning  Got customers arriving 2day so busy. Invited 2 a bbq Sunday &amp; F1 Monaco..Go button!! M. xx
Yay payday! My bank balance hasn't looked this healthy for quite some time! Bring on Wednesday 
Tired. Had a whole day spent in the school hall. Thank god it's Friday. 
@BraveMaiden Have a great day....Its Friday!!!!! 
Shoppinq tomorrow for the fashion show and for the school thing.  Yey! Vacation is over?! HAHAHA!! Love it.  Have a Great Friday ya'll.
@OpanaKzia Have a great Friday 
Just woke up. Going to stay with my nanny in a bit. Glad its finally Friday!!!! 
Heading to work! Have a beautiful Friday! 
@dudeman718 Why thank you   Have a great Friday! So beautiful outside again here in Chicago...
Good morning!  Have a nice Friday!  xxoo
Good Friday morning!! Yay!! Had WEIRD dreams last night....but feel great this morning! 
@JuicyJenBunnick Morning Jen! Have a wonderful Friday 
I just ruined Friday for some people. Took all the sweet bagels from Atlanta Bread 
It's Friday!! Are you ready for the weekend too? 
Goood morning Chicago On this great Friday Morning ! time to wake up and watch Fall Out Boy on the Today show 
Friday at last. Not on call anymore and off work for a weeks holiday next week \o/ Need a few beers tonight 
Waking up on a beautiful Friday morning with nothing to do  Found Invaders from Mars on tv - lolz!
@fingwindmills, thanks for the shout-out! Have a great Friday. 
Today is a wonderful Friday. Todays Objective, is to BE YOURSELF!!. Have fun with it and BE Gratefull for it. 
I'm heading to the fine Hoosier state for the weekend.  No Road Warrior on Monday! Trust me, you wouldn't need me.  Have a safe weekend!
@gracesmith Happy Friday! How are you doing? Get my email ok? 
@vene2ia Thanks for the #followfriday &lt;3 Have an awesome Friday. 
Follow Friday Reckless_Apples poor thing aint got no followers beside me 
@Stpoodle Awesome!!! Have a great time.  If your there on Monday, maybe we'll pass each other in the crowds! Enjoy it and the chocolate!
Follow Friday ; Do what everybody else is doing 
Ask me anything  (p.s. It's Friday!!! Hope everyone has a good one!)
@LakerGirl77 Gotta see them sexy Boys. Which reminds Me Your boy did AWESOME Wednesday 
@mileycyrus I'm having a very intense surgery on Monday.... Could you say a prayer for me??? Thanks Miley 
@odaraia Thanks so much for the interview link - have made space in the day for it later  Have a great Friday.
What a Boring Early Friday Morning  Have 2 Study + Ustath 7asan :S:S
@Splend I know that one! Have a good Friday 
Friday Feeling!! Enjoying the sun!! 
@AlexKNelson thanks Alex! Have a wonderful Friday 
