Most common words for this cluster:
[('head', 321), ('hurtss', 6), ('hurtsss', 4), ('s', 4), ('lol', 4), ('neck', 4), ('amp', 2), ('haha', 2), ('n', 2), ('helmet', 2), ('pins', 2), ('paulhollins', 1)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'head', 0.9999533295631409), (u'heads', 0.6402336955070496), (u'Head', 0.596099853515625), (u'director', 0.5173880457878113), (u'assistant', 0.5160231590270996), (u'deputy', 0.4886332154273987), (u'chief', 0.4804253876209259), (u'chair', 0.4789925515651703), (u'Youssef_Kanjo', 0.4646691679954529), (u'arm', 0.4430754482746124)]





has a bad head 
Really wish I could fall asleep, but to much is going through my head 
@MissVerna I do have a big head 
Ah my head! Everythin is too bright 
punched in the face, not good.....my head is sore  x
Also, I do not like broomballin' because my head is too large for the helmets.  @ElementalKnight
i hit my head earlier n it still hurts 
why is my head hurting 
Ouchie, my head 
i slept like the dead. i slept so hard that i have a bad crink in my neck and can't really turn my head. 
@stephlester my head! 
babying a badly concust head 
my head still hurts 
Uuugh, that migrain still in my head. 
head still hurts 
head is killing me! ahh make it go away 
is in bed with a broken head and rather bored 
Ouch. My head is not happy 
My head srsly hurts so bad. 
My head! 
finding it impossible to  think just with my head sometimes. 
is sitting here with a very sore head i drank to forget but cant rememba what i did 
omgoshhh, my head hurtss 
My head is spinning around 
has a bad head 
owee, my head is going to explode 
@bunnyfluff same here  my head is pounding.
my head 
My head hurtz, 
I need to get out of my own head, not good 
@neekzilla  head up manzzzz
has a head acheee 
Just woke up....... Owhhh my head 
@hazelnuttt i can't find my head 
ugh! I can't sleep...or stop thinking....head swimming 
my head is killing me. nothing is hepling it at all. 
My head huuuurts 
My head is breaking 
my head felt like a lorry crashed into my head.. 
my head is spinnin around 
@itwasenough even blinking or turning my head! lol @woodycakes i didn't even drink that much 
pounding head 
@TessMorris not right in the head 
Just bumped my head while cleaning  it hurts ;)
My head is still killing me  shit i dont want to go to work.
My head, it hurts 
has a sore head 
head is aching 
My head is killing me, and I feel as though I have too much to sort out. 
had hair cut - now have a cold head 
my head always hurts now. 
my head, neck and right elbow was extremely hurt.. 
Just hit my head and knocked myself out...when will I learn 
My head is orange 
i put fingure in my head 
my head is going to explode 
urgh, my head is banging. 
Trying my best not to share this lovely head cold 
My head's THUMPING. 
@lauradawg LOL she is okay, its just he songs are so catchy they get stuck in my head 
my head huwwts 
my head is bruised really bad :| 
my head is hurting 
my head is hurting.. 
head hurt 
my. head. is. sore. 
head still pounding 
@roudy4561 my head is hurting 
My head is throbbing 
Morning all, ouch my head 
still has a sore head 
learning my head of. 
@irgxana was very funny - i am in so much pain now - head still hurts 
My head is pounding 
@angib23 cuervo's head is bittersweet to me now 
@kenleylott my head is pounding. 
my head is pounding 
@Bringxknives i sorry  meanie head
Oh my head 
@helmet4head i wish you'd call ME 
Washing the blue out of my head 
my head has never hurt so bad 
Why head do you hurt? I'm soo good to you! 
my head is hurting soooo much.. 
@swannny my head == 
My head 
sore tummy + head 
My head... 
My head huuuuuurts       
is being killed by cold/cough and a heavvvy head 
blehh my head is kiiilllliiiing me 
head still hurts 
sucking my head at the books but my head is hollow 
@icarusforde  but...the anonym head and I are doing so well 
i dunno  my head hurtsss
My head still hurts  off to work
@tobycastle  i need a new helmet as well  maybe you can take my head to find one that fits..?
better head to bed early. SCHOOOOL 
my head is cold 
My head hurtss 
my head is killing me 
I wish my head would stop pounding. 
I wish i had some head on to apply directly to my forehead 
Holy shit my head is killing me 
my head .. 
my head 
maybe I slept too long...my head is all achy.  
head hurt real bad. 
i cant sleep  i have to much shite in my head (n)
@yogurtsoda or dead in the head 
my head hurtsss  ... going to sleep
My head is splitting in two. 
My head is killin me......... 
Hayfever doing my head in 
I've got a hitchy head 
trying to keep my head up, but feeling so incomplete. 
It feels as though my head is going to explode 
I'm calling off, I feel like my head is going to explode 
literally...my head is killing me 
ugggggh my head 
@chucken but they'll fall off my head 
my head...  it hurts 
Bad head 
Home! But along  and my head dizzzy all over.. :S..
getting my head round this 
has a sore head, so im going to bed 
ugh my head. i'm so sick. 
just woke up....   head still hurts bad! 
got a very sore head 
my head is killing me 
I wish my head would stop hurting so damn much 
my head my head my head  no booozing for me tonight
sore head 
head starting to hurt a little!!! :S still 1 more hour to go!! 
why are there fireworks my head hurtssssss 
I was laying on my bed i stood up and fell over and hit my head on the cabinet next to my bed...i now have a lump on my head 
head is going to explode 
My head is going to explode. 
My head is hurting so badddddd 
I'm sunburned from head to toe.  
@MusicSnob75 so sorry about your head 
ouch my head! do I really need to go to work now? 
ouchiee. i just whacked my head in the showerrr 
I guess i better head over to kinkos   lol
ouch.. my head! 
@ImNess *shakes head* but i dont want him too. 
@Spiderdueler  keep your head up!
my head is hurting! 
My head really hurts!  
my head hurtsss 
OH NO!! i have shake it stuck in my head  this won't be good !!
I can't get my head around why I'm still hung up about _ _ _ _ _ _ 
My head is stillllll pounding. 
Awww, my head 
i just hit my head on the lowest ceiling ever. owww 
Just woke up and my head is pounding! 
I'm so hungry I could eat my own head. 
my head lol 
Again, with passed in my head.. I'll never forget you 
My head is so big. 
my head hurtss 
head is pounding 
@DonnieWahlberg 2 much on my head 
ughhh my head 
My head is totally killing me, fuck 
i have a soooore head 
you're doing my head in 
watching go deigo go with a sore head 
still got that nagging head ache,  if only i could hammer it out of my head, maybe some more gardening will help
@tannermoehle i'm sorry to hear, keep your head up. 
I think I'm getting a cold  head is pounding
i can't move my head, I tweeked my neck... 
@livingpixel haha you know it! i'm always a posterstein. my head huwts again. 
even though i try...i can't get my head around you 
I think my head is going to explode 
my head my head!  aww
my head hurrtss 
@ryanp_smg my head beeen killln me 
#iremember when i split my head open.  
my head is still throbbing  i want to cut it off it hurts so bad!
...has a really sore head!!  
Some Teachers really do my head in!! 
My head is pounding never experienced pain like this in my head before!!  #squarespace
I need to get him out of my head 
My head.... It hurts......... 
My head still hurts... 
thinking... my head keep turning 
I feel like my head might explode - it's all stuffed up. 
my head huuuuurts 
@DaThirdEye their bigger than my head 
is watching hollyoaks suffering with a bad head 
My head is killing me  I just want to read
has a sore head 
my head is hurting me :o -dies 
obviously, i didn't sleep and i didn't dream but my head still hurts  / and you got me thinking.
and my head is still hurting 
Ugh my head is throbbing!! I'm taking off early. I can't stand it anymore 
@serenetan rise your head...  I feel sooo drained..
My head is throbbing &amp; its storming  snugglefest?
@fashunvictum shaken my head 
head is killing me 
I'm tired &amp; my head still hurts  I think I should just go mimis!!
@splpduff well duh i keep forgetting i can't stand up and keep bumping my head 
My head is killing me 
@Senshuu I am trying.  This is really doing my head in, though.
I just scratched my head and two bobby pins fell out  
I just scratched my head and two bobby pins fell out 
is tired and has a sore head 
I hate finance  my head always wants to explode 
@LilyRose74 owwwww I have that eileen song in my head now! 
I'm tired and my head is aching 
@hxcfairy ...it was so fucking annoying, because it was also falling on my head. 
@DeliciouslyRico  don't bump your head
my head still hurts 
My head is monumentally fucking wrecked 
so tired, head's in so much pain 
just wants to feel better...my head is going to eSpLoAd 
my head is killing me. feel like dying.  might throw up.
My head hrts 
My head is pounding 
i bumped my head 
Ugh my head 
@heytherejojo joni hit your head  Haha
My head is killing me.   
my head hurtss 
ouch, my head 
my head is sooooo sore 
i want to sleeeeepp DDDD: ugh and my head hurtss 
@Nawlintweets I know! I can feel it drain down when I moved my head up or down.........so disgusting and it hurts 
pretty downnnn. wtf is wrong with my head! :S 
My head is aching 
i'm pretty sure my head is about to explode. 
too much going on in my head can't sleep 
head really hurts.. i think i studied so much that i forgot everything 
@_J_A_M_E_S  *hangs head* goodnite..
My head hurtsss 
isn't much of a red head anymore 
head and ear really hurts 
@ChrisEYB  head back to texas! i missed yall in abilene! 
@Naytally *shakes head*  no, she's still missing. 
my head is pounding 
is feeling very sorry for herself as her head is killing 
I just hit my head 
uggh my head is pounding. I am not feeling good @ all 
wished I have danced along rather than just stare and bop my head 
And here comes the head aches ...yet again 
And here comes the head aches ...yet again  And here comes the head aches ...yet again 
@NuttyNewswire nooooo!!! off with her head 
My head is killing me 
my head still hurts 
omgggg- my head  
My head is killing me!  *tosses and turns*
my head hruts 
Ouch my head 
my head is spinning 
my head really hurts. 
ouchouchouch  really sore head,
sore head 
I need a head board. I'm tired of hitting my head on my wall. 
my head is still spinning 
My head is killer!!!! 
my head 
now I'm stumped-  we r now officially over my head   is this what you meant about filtering?
my head is about to explode 
i think my head's about to explode, like literally. oww! 
bow wow.. my head is bursting now 
My head is pounding. 
ouch my head 
my head hurtss, 
my head is hurting so bad. I feel sick  buuhh!
I feel like my head is hurting... But then it goes away!  I hate this!
my head is killing me 
Finally flew...to bedford for head bleed.  No a/c in 886 
T got me sick  stupid head
has just shivered from head to toe,  not feeling to clever
fucccckkkk my head is going into overdrivee.. haaattteee this 
my head still is killing me.. i want to see them right now really badly  exhaustedddddddddd
@mellabloo yes mella. just that the head is spinning. boo 
i think my head it's about to explode! it hurts so much 
I hurted my head 
my head is killing me from having it head butted by a little kid. 
My head is sunburned. 
 My head really hurts!!!!!
is like a bear with a sore head 
ive just seriously hurt my neck :| its reeeally hurting and i can hardly turn my head 
my head 
@Wrathy I've a really sore head too 
my head is killing me!  
the head needs to be blown.. 
@PaulEastabrook Your fat head 
@SaraS85 I think its because my square head makes me unapproachable 
@JobRich how is the head? 
@BridgetteBanks i can't DM you big head...you're not following me.  
@sarahoaks you would cute with a cheese head too. 
@mjg89 we love terrified.  I don't know how I'm going to get that damn song out of my head.
@Mintyboi i can smack your head for you 
@LovelyLu very nice...i cleared my head 
@Suzyqbee10 I told you ... big head. 
@ABWaite: I do tend to live in my head, you know.  
@cookiemonster82 head spinning all well 
@mccatfly i dont believe that  her head is too square for him to like her 
 happily falling head over heels for him &lt;3
proving almost impossible to get close to you out of my head 
@mileycyrus it's in my head too now, haha! damn 
@littlebitlil I've got 'don't stop believing' in my head now! 
@AlenaSerrano keep your head up!! 
@PurpleMuffinMan how's your head?? Is it a nice head? Or a crazy lumpy head? Wow reading this now, totaly sounds weird!!! 
@SelenaJoey keep your head up 
@PaulHollins If you do get your head around it, *please* let me know 
