Most common words for this cluster:
[('headache', 1006), ('day', 86), ('nightmare', 68), ('nightmares', 50), ('headaches', 48), ('killer', 47), ('night', 34), ('woke', 29), ('days', 27), ('amp', 25), ('today', 25), ('morning', 24)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'headache', 0.9026431441307068), (u'headaches', 0.7801069617271423), (u'nightmares', 0.6280584931373596), (u'nightmare', 0.6142816543579102), (u'indigestion', 0.5912514925003052), (u'cold_sweats', 0.5864022374153137), (u'splitting_headache', 0.5716772675514221), (u'insomnia_constipation', 0.5687329769134521), (u'Sleepless_nights', 0.5571982860565186), (u'heartburn', 0.5567618608474731)]





feels a headache coming on! 
owwwwww!!!  What a doozy of a headache.  2 tablets later and it has only taken  off a slight edge 
right got a stinking headache but I need to run I'm not a happy bunny 
Has a huge headache but gotta go to work 
in a taxi on the way to get pizza. bad traffic and headache. worst. 
having a horrible headache day and nose bleeding...awful feeling 
Lying in bed with a banging headache 
I woke with an insane headache this morning. 
the sun has given me a terrible headache 
having my first lie in in ages has given me a headache 
This headache is still splitting my head open, for the 4th day in a row now. 
@Katsweat you never told me the ilaa horror stories. And I will be out of my rut when this damn headache goes away. 
The man behind me on the train smells so much of booze it's giving me a headache 
 woke up from a nightmare and @vodkascene wasn't here. &lt;/3
finished work, have a lump on my head and a killer headache 
has had a headache for 3 days and need to do coursework  cant be boverd
has had a headache for 3 days and need to do coursework  cant be bothered
ughh. i have this huge headache..... 
Oh no noo major headache 
glad we fit the game in, but fighting a headache now 
Art walk was fun, left early due to a killer headache.  birthday tomorrow!
still has a horrible headache but cant sleep 
worst headache  lying in bed all day and being lazy
@LaBellaSiM my headache was so bad I woke up from sleep and have no meds and don't want to take none 
At home and I have a headache 
i still have a headache, its been a week 
ugh, i have like a permanent headache! i want to go ice skating tomorrow but apparently its closed! GAYYY i dont want holidays to end 
had a long day. sooo tired, and headache 
@doorofkukondo oh no!  I haved a nasty headache too. boke. 
@fourtonmantis frank gave me nightmares 
@djknucklehead What are the nightmares about? 
got a thumping headache - taken magic pink pills but they are not working 
I have a headache. I think I've already lost readers. 
has a sun-headache and cannot concentrate 
has the worst headache in the world, ugh, but has to do homework, wonderful 
sicky pooo  massive headache and yucky coughhh  BLahhh
Is back in bed suffering thru a horrible headache.... 
@Bebalicious69 i have a headache  i don't feel good at all hun it was a crazy night
Just woke up from a nightmare 
working near kelvedon essex, having an A12 nightmare ? 
my eyes have a headache 
@davidfsmith ouch - nightmare! 
I'm not at school, why? because I still got this freaking headache 
feel a hardcore headache caused by pms 
@soulsurrender wish i could help you with either the template or the headache 
Wow, I am so sick. How did this happen? No voice, headache and dutty congestion. Blemmm 
have a huge headache &amp; sore throat today  and i can't believe this shitty weather, why does it have to rain!
feelin like crap today - wicked headache and yucky cold!  
@Amathria ughs that sucksm sorry to hear that bout ur headaches. 
i should go to bed. i have a headache. going on day 4 now. 
I am going to sleep . I feeling like crap headache ,dizzy, bad stomache 
i have had this annoying headache/pressure pain for 3 days 
@ajstillings ahh i think thats what i'm getting  been really dizzy, headache, stomach ache all day today.
finally got my pad thai.. it was amazing and shrimp free. yum! have a headache...at work... hope it doesn't turn into a migrane 
has sudden, strong, headache (tears) (cry)  http://plurk.com/p/pbt8s
@ledisxo feel better soon. I has a headache too 
@porridgelady (2/2) but it doesn't help that sugar brings on a small headache so i couldn't much of it 
I've had a headache for 2 days and it won't go away 
has a monster headache...  
@ashotofbrandy So i just turned my laptop on and i saw you were trying to talk to me...sorry but i had a horrible headache 
getting a headache when i'll be work out the exam . hufft  i think i got a lil fever .
omg  i have the most terrible headache! 
I had a terrible nightmare 
I had a nightmare......  
Its another glorious morning. If only I didn't have a headache 
A morning of cleaning and tidying awaits.  I am greeting it with reluctance and a headache 
Has a major headache and I didn't even drink last night 
Massive headache  y god? Y me?
I just had a nightmare and now i cant sleep 
woke up with a headache.  I think I clench my teeth at night and that's what causes it.
Sleeping's such a pabtis. I love you, sleep but no more nightmares. 
is on day 11 of my headache....pretty sure it has to be altitude sickness.  
so hungry I feel FAMISHED!!!!!! killer headache 
I have a headache and a littile stomachache  maybe i just need to go home and ill get better lol
oh my. bio is giving me a headache 
Is awake  nightmares ... &amp; no1 to hold me
I had a nightmare 
have such a headache this morning  x
Going to the gym in 2mins, still got y headache tho 
Going to the gym in 2 mins...still got my headache tho 
What a beautiful sunny day! Unfortunately, I have a soar throat and a headache, so can't enjoy it. 
woke up with a headache  hopefully it will over so i can study for the next test
@tintinex do you wake up with a headache if you over sleep? I do and it bloody shits me 
A whole lotta sewing to be accomplished today. And woke with headache. 
Waking up with a nasty sinus headache... 
woke up with a headache and now off to work 
okay now i have a really bad headache   it's only just started now D:
really bad headache :/ working allll day 
I'm at @ashleighraynor's house, and we just woke up. I have a headache though. 
It was a good meet up!  But I still have a headache and a dry throat. 
not feeling so good this morning  i have a headache and feel drowsy..
woke up to some texts. i'm going back to sleep. i hate morning headaches. 
ahhh raining outside. headache ensues. 
Has a massive headache and has three projects to do before tomorrow 
Feels like shit &amp; has the worst headache 
ahhh i have such a horrible headache and have for the past 2 hours  go away!
it's me and the headache going for round 3, headache wins with a knockout. 
dinner was great. have a horrible headache right now tho. 
Just woke up from my nap  and now I have a  bad headache 
has had a headache all day 
ok that was a total fiasco. now i know why the nail salon charges 25$ to french tip your toes! me doing it was a headache and a mess. 
urg i hav a headache 
Oh no. I feel there's a headache coming. I'm only 22 and have back problems like an 100 year old. 
get my headache now 
fck sore throats and headaches!  goodnight.
has a monster migrane and feels yucky.  
Is sick of having nightmares! 
Needs sympathy and hugs because of his headache 
has a headache...  ... wonder if i can talk jon into making dinner
woke up with another killer headache 
man, i have a massive headache today... no fun 
ow headache go waaaaaaaaay 
is going to lunch then forensics! i feel a headache coming on 
ugh I went outside without my glasses. now I feel this terrible headache comin 
has a really bad headache  ouch
Man, I've got the biggest headache 
i finally got on! i go hom like 2 hours ago, i have a really bad headache 
has a raging headache 
meh ... killer headache won't go away 
I slept in and woke up with a terrible headache- coldified 
Long day: I have a headache 
Just woke up with a killer headache 
still has a killer headache. I thought it would be gone by now. 
Tension headaches are a horrible, terribly awful thing!!!  
writing a paper for english composition, i have a headache 
i have a bad headache  night
How do you get a 17 yr old to sleep after a nightmare ? Hes starting to annoy me 
&gt;.&lt; coffee gave me a headache 
has a terrible headache &amp; is going to head to bed early. I hate this feeling! 
8 hours with a headache.... 
I think I'm catching something  can't fall asleep because of this big, stupid headache I've had all day.
Off to interview I go! With a banging headache n sore thoat! 
I have got a bit of a headache..  boo
just woke up with the worst headache ever. and cant go back to sleep 
boredddd. got a headache  grr don't know anyone on here..
i have a headache almost everyday and nightmares at night. its not too good 
is have a litte headache n feel stress out with my test  http://plurk.com/p/tql2x
More server nightmares. 
Oh man.....I can't deal with a headache, I wish I had Starbucks 
*minor headache cos of my cold  i dont want this to get worse~
bloody headache 
sinus headaches please dont start up again..i feel you already 
Starting the day with a headache...uff!!! 
@mclewis  TTL4 gave our IT team a major headache.  It took months for assistance to come from company. we can't even have it networked. 
sitting in my cube with a really bad headache 
So far, my birthday begins with a killer headache 
Not feeling well today...horrible headache...feels like tension...in bed, laying low 
I  seem to have a small headache and ugh I had a dream about my exbf and it sucks!  gosh.. 
wes is home again, day 4. headache has subsided but now dizzy w/some nausea&amp;sed rate came back elevated. 
went to slep with a headache and woke up with it 
doritos, book making, book binding and a headache ... YAY 
killer headache tonight for some reason... this sucks 
just had a red bull for thee first time...it gave a headache  lol
Not lovin' this constant headache.. two days in a row now! 
anyone think that if I take 5 advil I might overdose? ha. this headache is really bad 
the lack of sleep i've been getting is giving me a headache 
Wtf. I hate sleeping, i hate these nightmares 
has just woken up and goes straight on my laptop.... :\... has a headache, and my throat is killing me!! 
Fever, head feels like it's splitting in two, headache in my teeth, huge amounts of sinus pressure. Yes that's me tonight! 
suffering from headaches - what a bad day! 
never thought painting would end up becoming a chore 
too much chocolate = headache 
woken up, sore throat, headache, vomitting and aching, tour on wednesday is gunna be killer 
Huge headache mmm 
Oh my god headache. 
Just woke up unfortunately I have a bit of a headache 
but it gave me a headache....  poor me
@an0el lmaoo i would have nightmares yo i would never feel clean 
fucking worst headache ever. 
Is sickk , my cough is gettin worse 
time to cook dinner. I have a headache  .
I'm having a headache from drinking all day long... 
i've got headache this morning 
4:15am... awake with a serious headache... 
i hate nightmares 
heading out to work for what will be a full week of headaches.  Would rather go back to bed and pretend it's not happening 
I second that word. . .major headache. If my boss was at work i would call in 
@rebeccao372 that must be a nightmare!! 
I went to bed with a headache that could kill and woke up with a mild headache that will drive me nuts and from a bad dream!  
morning headache 
gotta love having a headache during an electronics lecture... 
went home sick. horrible headache.  sleeping soon.
has so failed maths &amp; has a well bad headache  
My headache is back  so this makes it day 9, maybe i should go to the hospital
@Yellowsharpie I hope your headache gets better!!!!  I hate when I have headaches at school!
worst headache right now 
I had a nightmare again 
fell asleep on the couch while watching tv. just waking w/ a headache &amp; feeling like i'm gunna be sick 
has a terrible headache and cant sleep. 
@Misssarahnoir it's a bloody nightmare isn't it 
night at the museum 2 tomo . headache @jonasbrothers why are you a cartoon?! 
i had a nightmare that i had 6 cavities!almost woke up crying 
@saronti Ewwwwwww red wine - headache fodder 
hopes her headache goes away before the cinema this evening 
My god. I have the worst headache ever 
Just wake up!  with a stomache and headache bad bad baddd day  oh also with hungry jajaja xD
Working..... the wheather is terribly humid and I have a headache. I had to turn off the lights 
seriously needs motivation. headache 
has had a headache for two days now  gah! is it because i stopped drinking coffee?
has a headache for the 2nd morning in a row. 
Ugh still have this awful headache.  i really hope it goes away by tomorrow!
good morning everybody. I have a tired headache 
major headache  im thinking being on here is making it worse but oh well lol
@benSHIKARI nope  though i only have like a headache/sore throat and can't swallow and stuff, so doubt i'm as bad as you 
*yawn* i have a bad headache 
I have a headache and i miss someone very very much!! 
Feels so sick has such a bad headache 
Man another f'n headache! 
oooh headache starting... too much computer maybe  
I've got a headache  night everyone.
suffering from a killer headache. 
worst. headache. ever. i want to go swing. 
@Kcastillo72 same K.. i am having a headache too  night fun chatting about food
why does this headache feel like it needs to keep recurring all day?  
@naivetteh different...headaches all week...lol...and a toothache tonight... 
Almost one &amp; I still can't fall asleep. To add to that now I have a major headache  eating ramen super late I know &amp; my bracelet actua ...
Waking up nauseous and with and headache... nice 
@HarryRHamlin lovely now ill have nightmares 
I hate nightmares!!!! 
I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this. 
Huge headache...goodnight!! 
very very bad headache that is getting worse by the minute not better. 
massive headache. argh 
This headache is killing me yet I need to cover some boring police event. 
@inotherwords_c re:headaches my wife is in the same situation and has finally decided to go with meds because its just too much  
suffering benadryl hangover this morning and a killer headache.... ugh!   
I have a headache. And I have nobody to keep me company.   _wants.to.be.a.kidd.again&lt;3
@JoeWitless more nightmares?  *huggles*
Tired with a headache  me no like sunshine
sinus headaches suck big time!  
slammin headache from being out in the sun 
kinda has a headache... 
at work doing website stuff with a slight fever and tiny headache 
sore throat and a headache starting on a friday is not a good sign 
bored. tired got headache 
massive headache  going to see terminator tonight!
I have a stupid headache on my day off. 
@shabooty are being douchie? lol...thats hilarious man. i have a headache from the meeting. 
wow i love how we have no headache medicine in this house. 
Finally get to lay down for a bit i have a major headache 
gots a headache now 
i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
@MileyIsAmazing1  take tylenol or advil? whatever one i never get headaches so i dont know which is better
feels a sinus headache brewing, but can't take drugs.  
i just read online that a symptom of sleeping too much is headaches throughout the day. i have had a headache all day. 
feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd 
is dealing with another headache, this sux 
I have a horrible headache rite now 
back from wonderland... headache from roller coasters 
got a nightmare 
Fucker of a headache 
@JrFresh tell me about it ! i'm so incredibly bored, have a super mean headache, and have no date to prom. 
i'm sick and tired of getting these headaches every day &amp; aspirin doesn't help!  ..nothing does!
I have a headache and my internet isnt working! 
swollen glands, sore throat, headache....great combo 
have a headache and my room is on fire! not literally but.... just came on ol' twitter to see if @rustyrockets had graced us....but no 
has a major friggin' headache. So much for going out tonight. 
I don't think it is normal to have a headache everyday, 
massive headache ...im not lovin this 
i have the sniffles and a horrible sinus headache. why did i agree to wake up at 9am for coldplay tickets? 
is home  bbq last night made me so ill i threw up and got a nasty headache 
@Vandalyzm designing and online grinding! lol....I gots a crazy headache/tooth ache! 
dinner now. massive headache. my jaw aches. worried. scared. upset. you name it 
bah... headache! 
was at the farm a few hours ago... the smell of durians gives me a headache.. 
4 buses taken and 3 markets visited; the whole seasoned with a great headache..will I succeed in working at my thesis?...It's a mystery! 
Trying to rewire the clothesline - what a nightmare 
I have this bad headache.  bla. have to tidy up my room.
Ugh I hate nightmares!now I can't go back to sleep 
day two of huge headache. pls go away 
caught a well-sized snapper. But also caught a chill and now home with a swollen left eye and headache. 
My headache is killing me.  - http://tweet.sg
WORK. its 100x harder to be nice when all I want to do is sleep off this headache. 
ugh. a huge headache, coughing constantly, legs feeling week, and feeling like throwing up.  This sucks beyond compare 
@TreeinCally I need that aspirin 2, allergies are kickin 2day and its given me a headache 
Just realized I have had nothing to drink all day.  That may be to attribute to my headache.   I'm a tool
has overslept on her nap, now bracing a headache 
had a nightmare and is scared to sleep ever again 
has a headache.  This makes emailing peoples not fun.
I've had a headache now for 24 hours  it's miserable!
I wish this damn headache would go away! 
All I want to do is lay outside in the sunshine but my headache won't allow me 
yeah freaking worst headache and sorethroat of my life. these prescriptions are NOT helping! still have 13 more days till it heals 
has a headache on this beautiful day 
I have a headache the size of @jonasbrothers' fanbase 
Apparently whether I exercise or not, Saturdays is just my day to get a headache  #fb
*sigh* think i'm getting a headache. 
gotta headache 
sometimes there's no just forcing yourself to be productive, headache still pounding, too much stress for one day 
ow.... headache 
@Senfaye &quot;has a headache&quot; ugh, so do I 
I have a horrible headache!! The cherry on top of my crappy day. 
Graduation went great. Although now I have a ridiculous headache 
had an early night but still has a headache... 
The only bad thing about this cleanse... I have an excruciating headache!  I think it's a lack of caffeine.
i feel like a black and white cookie is doing battle in my tummy---i fear the streak is going to be over soon.   and I have a headache  
worst headache in a long time. 
I just took a three hour nap because I had a headache, but the headache just followed me 
ive had a headache ever since i woke up this morning 
another night of a bad headache, now with a fever  what the junk?
I had a nightmare 
i think i won the war with my headache but ive probably just jinxed it now 
Has a headache and a bit fever ish 
killer headache, has me wanting to do nothing 
ugh. got killer headache. wishing i lived in el salvador again 
I have the biggest headache and can't sleep...maybe I shouldn't be on the laptop  what to do.....
dizzy.. im having a headache 
Wow haven't felt this bad for a while... Trying to sleep it off but ended up with a stiff neck and headache 
It's giving me a headache, but it's soooo kewl   http://twitpic.com/6bl72
All these nightmares need to stop 
Just woke up with a splitting headache..  - http://tweet.sg
just woke, btw, you can be veeeery hungry when you haven't eaten in more then 12 hours + you get a terribel headache 
@thatlass the only effective way to get rid of headaches is loud music and sleep and little yellow migraine pills 
@StephanieEllen thanx for the headache advice! Its making my eyes hurt 
@DiiLee  3ndy headache thaaab7ny  
not feeling good this morning.... bad headache and tummy not doing good... 
oooohh. i've got a slight headache... pending snuffles... 
I fucking hate nightmares 
ohh. headache. 
just listen music and feel my headache 
I have a headache  hmmm
i guess sunday is a good day for a splitting headache 
think i'll stop with the revision... bloody headache. 
been having the worst nightmares... 
I'm tired of thinking. wondering. dreaming of you.  it's a constant nightmare.
its this damn room that gives me a headache 
what is with this headache  ouch.
@autologicality  nightmares suck!
gah! i love croatian weddings. but i have a real bad headache now 
Sleeping in is a sin. I always wake up with a headache. 
@MCRsavedMilife is there something else besides your headache?? 
@Fearnecotton I know!! bad times indeed  i've got the worst headache too.. I thought I was just hungover.. but I'm blaming hayfever lol! x
has a sore throat and a major headache, thanks for getting me sick 
has a minging headache 
really bad headache again  give me something to do on this shitty day
awesome weather and i have a headache 
I have a huge headache now. I think it's bc of allergies. 
I have a headache, argh 
This monster headache is putting a damper on my day. 
ugggghhh fat ass headache 
i have a killer headache 
@panacea81 ha ha. headache? i'm great, but it's so fucking hot here,  how are you?
banqin ass headache 
i don't feel good  i've been getting these crazy intense headaches lately where my vision and hearing goes out and i get all dizzy... D:
naps are evil. why can't i just take short ones? mine always last a few hrs...it's impossible to wake up and now i have a headache. 
@SarahLuv yep a nice headache and now the boss wants dinnner so this should be fun and sorry to let you down @dickgaida. no booobie pics 
hunger headache 
@TripleB wierdness - I had one of those persistent overnight headaches too - not fun 
i hate doing school portfolios! :| ...i haven't even started, but just reading the guideline gives me a headache  haha
sinus pressure and headache (from allergies) is to the point of being so unbearable i just want to hide in the quiet and get a good sleep 
@livelikebrit yessssss    my worst nightmare.  but your here.  and i'm here.  and so is mels.  lets drink soooon!  i have much to tell!
I had a killer headache all day 
overslept! slept til 12pm and end up with a headache  curses....
heyy.OFF for now  annoyed by my headache.. tweet later if i can.........
@loveyourchaos awww. &lt;3 we can be insomniacs together. I have a headache too 
Seems like I'm having another heartburn.. It doesn't feel good 
Why won't my god awful headache go away  I've had it for almost two days.
Oh shit, this f... headache again 
horrible headache that wont go away... 
hangover headache definately coming along nicely  such a good day yesterday though!
I'm going crazy headache for over 2 days now 
My lip is sore and I don't know why. I have a headache. 
my throat is sore, I've a headache &amp; earache &amp; I gotta go to work 
Tense neck + shoulders = massive headache.  
loves the rain, but it has caused a sinus headache. 
has a bitch of a headache 
Has a fuckin splittin headache!  x
pretty tired and have a bit of a headache 
sooooo tired but my headache and sore everything won't let me sleep 
i hav cold , headache ,,,yea,,,, 
Shit, I have a major headache...and I'm coughing too much. I hope I'm not sick 
My cough is getting worse. 
At the stupid summer program junk I have a super huge headache which might be a migrane idk but I just dnt feel well !!!!! 
got a headache boooo 
i oversleep when i have nightmares 
Home with a pounding headache  so not how I wanted to start the month
I hate nightmares 
worst headache ever 
Home from a neverending day, with a headache 
ow ow ow! huuuge headache  #pain
I'm so bored, and tired, and have a horrible headache...someone come cuddle with me 
I have a headache from hell! 
killer headache 
having some killer headaches since last night.  The chills stopped though, so that is good.
ooh...whats the best remedy for a headache..i cant even focus right now 
hollyoaks was good, got a headache 
My headache wont go away 
Bad headache  hopin the medicine kicks in soon.
@lukaswinn I drank *gulp* tap water. This is probably why I woke up with a headache. 
I have a headache  boo no fun
I have a headache.  Why are little first graders so streesful to work with?
I have a headache and I feel like I'm forgetting something.   and I have to go give blood blah.
night night, i have a headache 
I hate shots, I've got a killer headache 
had a migraine this am which has downgraded to a mind numbing dull headache. plus work shenanigans = 
@sourcherry7 I hate when that happens.  I always wake up with a headache. 
I'm craving taco bell &amp; I have a massive headache.  going for a walk
a random headache just popped up 
@B3CKAR00 okay, good  blehh i have a headache 
@luckee13 @michellecpa and I'm definitely going to work on it. I need to work on it asap cuz I'm getting more frequent headaches 
I hate having my eyes dialated....I have a headache 
still having a headache. last nite i hurl like an anorexic skank, and let's just say that some things are meant to be stayed in. 
@RumRunnner i'm sorry  hope you feel better, i have a massive headache if that makes you feel any better. haha?
stuck at home with a headache 
just woke up and i have a headache! =/ and i have homework to do 
Trying to drift off to sleep with a rotten headache.... 
I keep clicking @pintsize0101 links. I need to stop that. They are dirty dirty and i get nightmares 
im even more tired now and i got a headache 
My body definitely isn't handling this stress very well. It hasn't kept down any food I've eaten tonight  ughh, headache. Going to sleep.
Going to sleep! I hope i don't get another nightmare! 
Ah is so sleepy. Has a headache.  but feels way better then yesterday.
done with first phase! down with headache, burning eyes and sleepy! 
the stuff i won smells so sweet but its giving me a headache 
ohh headache why have you forsaken thee!? 
fucken headache. 
Trying to wish away the third headache in the past three days.  
My headache has recently graduated from mildy annoying to full blown migraine, complete with nausea 
woke up from a nightmare and now I cant sleep 
Ive had this headache for 15 hours now  thats gotta be a record (though a record i coulf live without)...
What a simply horrible nightmare. 
Eating breakfast at my desk, wishing my headache would go away 
I just had a nightmare. 
says wth?!headache.  http://plurk.com/p/xvzgr
Massive headache and long day ahead 
Not only did I wakeup with my headache back but to my mother screaming out crap that I have to do before 1015. I predict a bad day 
I gots a headache.    I have been ordered by the girlies to make aebleskivers for breakfast.
Little after 8am and already have a headache--can I go back to bed. 
havin' a terrible headache before the flight home 
I am soooooo sick of these awful, never-ending headaches. How do I make them go away already? 
i've had a throbbing headache for 12+ hours now. nothing is touching it. 
going home... have a headache 
@Nilssonsoofia hi have been taking a nap had the worst headache before!  how was the weekend?
major headache and my baby has a fever 
Man have I got a headache! I need it to go away... 
i have another headache....that means its been a headache every day since friday 
I forgot to take medicine today and now my headache is back...ewwy 
Wants to be at home. I am hot, bad headache and still have to get my shots 
My headache is gettin worse 
I had to do a chore 
ew i have a headache 
worst toothache ever 
Has a massive headache and is broke. 
@kkaj ouch... that is a nightmare 
I've had this intense headache allll day. 
Having one of those nightmares where you wake up suddenly...fall back asleep &amp; it continues...   
listening to imogen heap and trying to get rid of my headache  boo to headaches
has had a headache all day! 
just came back from watching angels &amp; demons with a headache, sorry i made you watch it ji 
you knw when you have a annoying sibiling?? guess what you get a horrible headache   stupid peoples!
today i had a headache it was a shame 
How do u go to bed at 11 with a headache and wake up 7 hours later with it still 
 woke up with major heartburn    owww.
It all the margaritas that gave u a headache krystle. Becuz i got one too 
Oh man... major headache... can't sleep 
ouchhh got banging headache, need some brekkkie, really fancy waffles 
It ain't a good morning when you're woken up to a headache! must sleep..can't sleep 
has got a bad headache &amp; cant find any paracetamol 
@PembsDave still not sorted yet mate? its a nightmare at mo isnt it 
Wants to go to the gym but having a headache now  blah.
my headache is getting worse 
Just had a really bad nightmare 
So many nightmares 
I've got a migraine all the sudden, but I dunno the cause  I think it might just be a caffiene headache
so friggin sleepy... and I have a headache  no bueno
i have the worst headache  i be's ragin' y'all!!
@saintcreaghzy No and it sucks to have a headache that goes on forever 
Oh great it's not even halfway through the morning and I got a headache. 
has just got home with a headache and a lot of worries  http://plurk.com/p/y4i9y
the mother of all headaches has returned 
@jesscarosello I have a headache too! And a stuffy nose  this week sucks
i still have this headache that kept me up all night 
urgh. writing headache - i.e. must get new glasses cos i have a stigmatism now, just like my granny 
had the worst headache ever for the past two days  too much sun?
ah, summer gives me a headache 
@randomemmalieee i have a headache and feel nauseous 
Has a fcking headache,not what I need have a busy evening,  x x
has a headache from too much sun/ too much revision/ stress... so not cool 
oh i'm running behind! i way overslept and woke up with a headache 
trying to enjoy my day off but have a throbbing headache... 
Has a killer headache 
i gotta headache 
Such a raging headache. 
LOL oops that was a direct message gone public... my headache is gone...now i'm sick 
this headache shit has to stop. i feel like i'm ready to jump out of my own skin 
is @ home sick, just woke up, massive headache and highly medicated on asthma meds. 
dunno if it's the pressure from the rainy weather or no caffeine or slept too long-but i've gotta heck of a headache 
About to get midday snack... have a headache 
I have a killer headache 
Not good: its raining and i have a headache and the party is tonight! 
i have a terrible headache..  i need some poison for my brain immediately!
this has been a stressful day. I have a headache and the last thing I feel like doing is working out.  I should anyway, though.
ugh major headache  and major soreness 2 more hours!
@IndieTashi I hope your's doesnt give you indigestion!  booooo!
my stupid ears are giving me a pounding headache 
@casualeveryday I love the smell of laundry but that stuff is giving me a horrible headache and I'm sitting OUTside 
I have a horrible headache and advil didn't help 
been sleeping all day still have a fever and a really bad headache 
Ive had a splitting headache for like 2 hours now. 
home sick  uggg....headache!!
I took a nap and woke up with a headache. 
i have a headache...boo   
Has a pretty rockin headache  http://myloc.me/2K0C
feels a headache brewing. 
can't sleep coz of headache, headache coz i can't sleep 
is like ahhhh.... got this bangin' headache.... but why? 
el headache 
I've got a killer headache. 
Out working in the sun all day...now i have a headache, and i feel like crap 
Is not enjoying this nasty headache... 
mom made me take a tylenol for headache 
has quite the headache tonight... 
Now in bed w/ a headache and hurt leg 
oh and I have a headache with no panadol  and its my birthday
its killing meee headache 
urrrrgh spiders are my worst nightmare 
gotta hugggggggggge headache 
@Gilly_Jynxed75 hello, i'm alright, just have a really bad headache  how are you? xo
Three-ply tissue and a killer headache. 
Just woke up after sleeping 12 hours and i still have a wicked headache. 
i have a headache too,feel very sick,taken paracetamol,ears hurtin too 
i have de worst  headache ever!!! 
@johnwinsthegold Ah man just saw you also have a headache  We can be woe-is-us in headache hell!
I had a really long scary nightmare 
I have a headache guys!!!! I don't want to see a bottle of goose for a long time!!!! I still feel drunk!!! 
the nightmares just wont go away! 
Feels like awfull =\ stupid headache 
massive headache + feeling dizzy = bad day 
@moonfrye I'm having my caffeine now woke up with a screaming headache! 
@TheKellanLutz good morning sunshine I hope u didn't wake up w/ a headache like me 
woke up with a headache.  
can't go back to sleep. Rlly hungry and have a headache. 
I think I need a nap.  I'm starting to get a headache!   #lame
@victoria_tweed opted for a corona - it was a mistake. my headache just got a million times worse 
I put on this gorge musky perfume now i have a headache!  does this ever happen to you?!
Has a bangin' headache 
i just had the worst nightmare. 
back in milan. terrible headache. sad 
Another terrifying nightmare. It was nuclear winter. I freaked out. 
::sigh::   studying in the car- not working out.    the headache isn't helping 
I've got a damn headache  wtf.
got a headache from wearing my beanie hat too long. 
Dosing up on meds I still have a killer headache 
got a headache from wearing my beanie hat for too long. 
I've got such a killer headache 
fuck i have the worst headache right now 
thinks its time for bed.... the headache is coming back 
SO I got a headache so unfair to the one side of it that doesnt feel it 
there ain't ever a time i don't have a headache  abbies
aw these prams r givin me a headache man  lol .... .... .... #hateperez
fever and headache..... what a great weekend 
trying to quit pop again. i forgot the addiction my body has to it. horrible horrible headache 
i have the worst headache ever and i feel like i'm going to pass out. but it's whatev. 
Gaah. This headache all feckin day. Nothing will shift it 
with a headache  missing my dog :'-( and tomorrow going to visit my grandma 
i would like this headache to go away, please.  three hours is long enough.  
just took a shower after i went swimming and now i am sooooo relaxed...but i still have a headache!!!!! 
drag me to hell was scary biscuits. nightmares tonight! 
uhh, i have a headache 
Still fighting off headache, afraid might become migraine, might not be on computer much if gets worse, no tinis tonight 
i hate nightmares 
wake up late!! i have got a severe headache. 
ooooh god! i've got a terrible headache!  
I have such a headache, guess I over did it when i moved my bedroom around 
omg...i'm starting to get a headache... 
I have a headache from hell. 
Home from the movies. I have a headache. 
just realize that i've lots of assignment... and there's residual effects drunk from last night.. headache!! hugh,,  WTF!! 
i just sprayed some spray paint. now the whole house smells and i have a headache 
I couldn't sleep at all. Problems breathing and a headache. Now I'm feeling even worse than yesterday. 
has a headache and a loss of appetite.  Could be worse I suppose... heading to bed.
omg sinus headache. ugh. 
is now resting... becuz of mild headache..  http://plurk.com/p/z022h
dammit... i have a bad headache 
Light is to bright! I have a major headache.  I don't want to go in early tomorrow. 
i have a headache. it's loud in my apartment. complain complain complain.  good night and study hard friends
woke up with a massive headache. najs 
I  keep having nightmares tonight 
@HelloLizzi now i'm all angsty.  @emilyjscott another word for headache
i have a horrible headache  and i have textiles coursework still to do and a mountain of revision. man!
@JessicaNaval so u cnt buy?  this is my worst nightmare. :|
 woke up to a nightmare...
I love sims 3 but unfortunately it gave me a really big headache yesterday... 
thinks: ceiling lights + ceiling fan = bad = flickering shadows = headache 
I'm very bad today  headache, sickness,fear... wallow in self-pity and what not...
aaahhh!!I have a pounding headache  I just feel like banging my head against something 
I wish pck's stupid (irritating) rap would stop playing already. It aggravates headaches  - http://tweet.sg
coach didn't field me in, and we lost. bah. anyway, resting now, i'm having signs of my tension headache again. 
I've woken up with a massive headache two days in a row. 
Ugh, have a date today and have a rager of a headache.  I hate faux hangover feelings 
has a terrible headache!  wish it would just go away already!
@michaelweissman awww i'm sorry   nightmares are not fun
note to self: don't cycle when you have a bellyache.  It just makes it feel worse when you stop 
@jawnj I have a voice but have a slight headache 
got a headache but just about to jump into a lovely warm bath...hopefully it will ease my head  (: .
ugh, still with this headache...  hopefully it will go away son
cleaning the house with an headache 
woke up with a headache and cant find her viola book  crap
i hate it when i'm in a good mood but have a headache, it's confusing! am i happy? am i grumpy? ow!  /holds head
worse headache of my life!!!! it won't go away  that's what happens with too much cheap wine.....lol
hungoveer. meann ass headache 
I ate to much! I want to puke! have really bad bellyache 
kept dreamin last nite, then woke up w. headache 
I'm sweating like crazy... took some pills against the headache...hope I recover soon... urh... so annoying 
@YoungQ I did not I am pregnant and my headaches won't go away! I've been laying around not my idea of productivity I'm better than that! 
Nooes! My cheese went bad!  And why do I have a headache? And no energy?
Has a bad headache but can't go to the chiro cause I have no money 
all this harambee stars talk is giving me a headache and making me hungry 
I have a nasty headache and a whole bunch of paperwork to do 
Finally done with exams, have this terrible nagging headache prob from those wine coolers bouta lay down for a min 
3 more hours.. I have a huge headache.. 
has a fucking bad headache 
One margarita and I have a headache  fail.
And I've had the worst headache off and on since thursday. Fml 
i have a headache, too much drinking i need someone to take care of me 
got a headache from being in the sun for too long 
having the worse headache  must... do more... homework...
is watching the best of britains got talent .. should really be in bed but this stupid headache is stopping me from sleeping 
has a headache ... and right before evening service begins. 
ugh! I have a headache, and a little dizzy, feel bad 
i havve a badd headache and a stomachache  please pray! love you all(:
I have a major headache... I guess i had too much fun in the sun 
The headache season has begun in ernest 
im starting to have a headache...boooooo!!!  
has a headache and can't take any mess that have caffiene 
tired....freakin' headache yesterday draaaaained me  yet, this is a problem that can be fixed w a new pair of shoes... see how i justify?
Has a fat ASS headache 
Going to bed now guyzzz, I have thee biggest headache like ever! 
My energy is zapped and I've had a headache all day.  
has a horrible headache and hasnt heard from mayra in a while 
@cyph0r I can't eat durians tho I would love to, I get huge headaches once I start eating  I never really thought abt other ctries' supply
Oh and marlboro lights give me a headache. Sepically when u smoke a whole pack 
man i have a headache 
I told you I'd have nightmares  woo 3.30
Feels a headache coming on. That means I'll have to turn down my music 
I have some problems with my eyes  this morning I had a terrible headache &amp; couldn't even read a book  I'm exhausted, I guess
Just had a nap.. It supposed to be a good one, but I woke up with headache, I want u 
@sorcha69 oohh i cant drink it either..i get a headache after only having a few of them  xxx
@imanidhillon haha well my headache made me miss out on my friend giving me a muffin  lol he made them haha suprising
I am suffering from post barbecue headache disorder this morning 
suffering from a headache  someone hand me some aspirins!
@Franklero I had just had a werewolf nightmare  and u can totally taste the difference.
@redvers nope no hang over. had a headache since thursday 
nightmares suck 
i can't read cause im getting headaches and i can't concentrate, i can't read my favourite saga now 
Still in bed, damn headache  zero motivation today! x
im awake with a killer headache 
has a headache from saturday when she got in the car and whacked it on the handle 
i just woke up from the worst nightmare  ever 
just woke up from a nightmare.  
I woke up with a killer headache for the third day in a row and no alcohol was involved. 
oh that fucking terrible headache 
@dlhj0603 @BaleBabe66 Is your heartburn better? 
Massive headache  , going 4 a coffee brake.
redoin' my nails now... any idea what to paint on it =S oh i fell in the air the headache is coming...  awww  x
I'm tired of having nightmares 
Has on raging headache from last night 
waking up from a nightmare 
has a really bad headache  xxx
has a thumping headache 
hates all day headaches 
@ciaela I didn't have crazy dreams, but I did have a bad headache too. 
At home, I have a headache, it's raining 
kind of has a headache... 
keeps forgetting to bring her glasses in to work - now I have a headache, yuck 
i've been having the same neverending headache for days now. enough 
Evening all I greet u with a headache  anyone had a really wicked day?
fighting a killer headache and depression. I just want to go back to my nice comfy bed 
worst headache today  makes me nauzzzz
I have a killer headache 
have a killer headache! and I have exams this week! 
 can't sleep. But oh well, half my headache is gone.
my left eye is causing all sorts of problems for me today, so now i have blurry vision &amp; a headache on top of my lack of sleep... yikes 
@danielabo what time is your exam? why are you so weird and wake up xxxtremly early? nah just couldnt sleep had a headache 
i have such a terrible headache. i want this cold to go away now. a few days has been long enough... 
Battling congestion &amp; headaches all day 
Just got outa wrk. I have a headache now 
I'm soo fucking tired and I want this damn headache to pass 
Why do I keep waking up to nightmares 
starting to get a headache   I almost NEVER feel good anymore.
@brianrubin @lomara sorry about the headaches 
waiting for wendsday - hopefully will be better then. got a bit of headache so cannot knit 
whew...headache is not gone 
I'm so tired from not getting enough sleep last night, b/c of this stupid headache. 
@FranAspiemom same to you love. no fogginess. just pain and a bad headache starting  the rain is literally killing me. damn i need to move
I have a massive headache man 
I luv the convenience of wearing a ponytail but hate the side-affects of headache &amp; the bitchiness that comes with my headaches 
Dealing with the headache of the century.. 
sound tripping night... with a bit headache 
Having nightmares. I'm scared 
has a sudden onset of pain coming from the temporal region of her head....ugh not another headache....ouchhhiee 
volcanic erruption in my noggin, aka massive headache 
I had terrible headache last night.... and my weight decreased!! aaah 
I have a major headache and am suffering from serious laptop withdrawl. I wanna get these pictures done! 
Ugh...my headache hasn't gone away all day.  
A killer headache put me to sleep earlier  and now I am up 
crest white strips! holla...then shower and bed...still got this awful headache 
I've had a headache aaaall day  and I can't get rid of it. #fml
Oh the joy of having a headache.  At least I'm going to bed soon.
need to go to bed it's late and tired eyes are dry and my headache is back.  I'm tired of this. my migraine pills aren't working.
is I'm having a headache due to raindrops..  http://plurk.com/p/118ou7
Not feeling too good right now..I have a really bad headache and I'm dizzy 
@ptolemyalexande that should help, drink water aswell. I usually get bad headaches when I get dehydrated 
i has a headache  but im going to hong kong! 
i hate feeling sick  i seem to have this headache which doesn't wanna go away
im tired, i feel sick to my stomach &amp;&amp; i have a killer headache = no bueno 
i have the worst headache and my eyes are closing as im typing, SO tired. and i have to go to dancing rehearsals in 75mins counting down 
@k23will i`M hella sleepy...  &amp;  i have a headache.
killer headache 
is officially dying due to the lack of air my brain is getting because i have an awesome headache.  here's to hoping sleep will cure all.
has a headache from tasting coffee all day.. eww 
twitter has given me a headache 
ahh I wish wes's dad would just go to work he makes so much noise and I have a headache!! 
I hate nightmares.    goin back to sleep.
hangover lastnight. funny! headache this morning, not so much. 
I don't even want to say it- I sound like a broken record. I have a headache 
ugh, why'd this headache come back again?!?  
not feeling too well. drinking lots of tea and using my peppermint for my headache 
This is the fifth day I've had this headache. I think i'm dying  
I #blamedrewscancer for the first bad headache I've had in months. 
the nightmares won't stop 
I have a headache and its messing with my grove 
had 3 such bad nightmares.. i hate nightmares  
@waterstonej dang... about an hour to go... wondering if a headache will follow  *replacing bib now!)
Ouchie! I just got outta bed. And I noticed I have a headache. 
@lovesgreyboy i can never go in cos it gives me an awful headache 
I think it's time to go back on the headache meds  this is the 3rd headache in 3 days!
@RAWRitsBryony It's making my belly make funny noises  and now I have an odd sort of headache 
I'm guessing getting a headache everyday isn't healthy  I should probably get that checked out.
...is having a bad day. I have a wine headache and it hurts 
aaaaaaaaaaaa cant wait to go home and crash  my chest hurts every time I sneeze or cough, headache and potential fever  boooo
has a humongous headache  idk why
with a terrible headache, I go to bed  good night!
Feeling like a facebook junkie (with matching headache) doing all those silly tests. Wants to sleep for 20 hours tonight, not possible 
oh headache... go away please.. 
I have the worst headache  I neep a nap!
cranky workmates, passionfruit, congestion, freak downpours, new nailpolish, messy desk, regina, lunchdate, headache 
I am sooo exhausted. I have had a headache aalll day 
Heading home. I have a nasty headache 
Oh massive headache.... Possibly caffeine. That &amp; the week of camp is probably just now catching up 
@snarlingsnark I don't know. I haven't been able to get out of bed today: terrible cough and headache. 
I wondered why I had a nagging headache today. Apparently I can wonder no more....  http://yfrog.com/581j8j
No mojo for me tonight...I dont' want to jinx the headache.  There may be few cardfronts for swapping at seminar 
has a banging headache 
@DatKidSpade he's doing ok. We r laying on the couch. He hasn't stopped throwing up since 12, fever, shaky  I just hv a headache.
indigestion. how? 
 caffine headache now lol follow @peterfacinelli @gilbirmingham @billy_burke
i have a headache. booo!! 
My dog won't stop barking. I'm getting a headache 
Packing some stuff to move back with me tomorrow, then bed . . . massive headache 
Massive headache  , inspiration at the moment is the pain.
soooo tired &amp; caffeine withdrawal headache, i hope this doesn't last for 2 many days 
this headache really ruin my morning  huh
@onedayonesong I had to bail, i'm rocking a pretty serious headache and the last thing i want to do is drive to TO to see a loud concert 
just had a nightmare, so i'm up....  
has a terrible headache  someone call the wambulance.
I have a headache and I ate too much olive garden 
Hoping that the headache I'm about to go to bed with isn't still around when I wake up tomorrow. 
hates allergies and this headache that wont go away 
I had the worst headache of all time. And still does. 
i've got a headache and i need food 
how the heck did I get a headache?  This is lame...
bleh terrible headache 
has got one hell of a headache right now 
have a bad headache  so tired from last night lol
gots a headache and lots to do   go away headache
I'm going back to bed, cus I don't feel well  maybe all the stress got to me and gave me a headache. I try to sleep but I keep waking up.
is once again off to school, but has a massive headache and pains in her leg 
long day,,have a mass headache 
isn't feeling very well today has a headache and feels sick 
is having a badass headache..... 
got woken up by having some nightmare about a bee trying to sting me 
ewwwww, I've got a headache. 
Damnit, this is the fourth day in a row I wake up with a headache 
6 AM - soon to be massive headache 
has a headache..  http://plurk.com/p/11l0fp
just woke up from naptime, headache' still there 
@clairetweet that trully sounds like a nightmare... 
Up quite early since I went to bed early last night. I still have a bit of a headache. Which sucks. 
I have a headache and I am tired bc I didn't sleep well last night 
I'm feeling very ill at the moment  I wouldn't mind if it was just a headache but the shooting pains are horrible.
thinking of the packing I've got to do is giving me a headache! 
Another day, more meetings=dreaded tension headaches 
has a headache and is leaving for work in 10 min 
Another crazy headache 
figuring out why I'm on day #3 of a headache 
feel sick.. having a headache as well 
@boardopboy so basically we r both unpleasantly screwed  sorry ur headaches back!
@izzaluvsmusic for now, sucks.got headache and hungry  .how's yours?
been chillin' and readin' today... nice... but got a headache now 
bored witha headache @ work 
I have a really bad headache  http://tumblr.com/xfa22lfkf
Leaving the studio with a headache again 
..turn evil supernatural killer, wonder what that phobia would be called? I just wish they'd leave me alone in my nightmares 
has had a headache for god knows how long. 
has a wack off headache 
hyuj}hjk}huj-hj work is so stressful  ... I have a big headache.
[-O] I wish my headache would go away  http://tinyurl.com/lqel2m
i have a killer headache 
massive headache  save meeeee !
has the worst headache!!! i hate sad days!! 
i have a headache and im tired 
@hesa  insomnia is a nightmare..
Talking with my girls, but not for too long, I've got a headache 
@kasiafink my husband had his first (and I think only ever) slurpee last weekend... he said it gave him a sugar headache 
I have a headache &amp; no food to feed my young   Something's gotta give!
@andreanichole woo hoo!! cept i can't read for the rest of the day cause i have a killer headache! 
ow. still have this horrible shiteous headache. 
I feel bad, this headache is very strong!!!  sometimes it bothers to be sick...
I have a headache for the fourth day in a row  I need to get my butt back to the chiropractor.
Laying around and doing nothing is always fun. However, doing it with a headache is a little less fun 
eh, headache 
Just got done cleaning my kitchen. I got a headache  
Oh no... headache, sore throat and i feel sick... shit!!! 
Goingto beds now, kilLer headache! 
watching xmen, i have a killer headache 
my entire house smells like perfume and fingernail polish removerrr. doesn't help my headache 
I have a headache and period cramps even though i'm not on my period 
Has a nasty headache 
I cant fall asleep because I have the absolute worst headache right now. Why? its 12a!! 
@vikaskumar not good... headache because of the sun  and  a client meeting
has a freakin' headache...arghhh kung kelan may deadline  http://plurk.com/p/11tdm6
Having a headache and neck ache now, but still must work, appts all full.... 
Morning all.Another beautiful day spoilt slightly by the headache I woke  up with. 
woke up with a headache 
having a headache from last night 
Bad headache like I was drunk last night but I wasn't  
trigonometry gives me a headache. 
got a right fecker of a headache and not a painkiller to be found 
STILL has a salad-induced headache!!! 
Oh my wine headache  self inflicted
is ignoring her headache and trying to do boring drama notes. 
I'm not going to practice today, I feel like poop still. Is this headache ever going to go away? 
bah headache 
tired sore have a massive headache my eyes hurt now and i have to go to work now early and then drive home tonight late 
is heading home - have a severe headache 
wishing I wasn't having headaches everyday after cutting out sodas and caffeine 
My headache has come back  So annoying, I might just go see a doc.
I really don't like waking up with a headache. I need diet coke! Its not sunny today     p.s. I miss you.
uhhh.. i have a headache..... 
is not happy that weather.com constantly lies to me. also not happy about my pounding headache 
trying to find something to do... plus i have a minor headache 
almost freaking out cause of this damn headache 
@Sassciepants idk i just had this aweful headache this morning  but i feel alot better now ; awe poor little bella is it that time? lol
Man I have a major headache, I am feeling all congested. 
About to leave for work and a monster headache just smacked me in the head... no fun 
I have a nasty headache!!! Its not going away... 
has a headache!  Lots to do but just wanna sleep!
so i guess chinese food gave me a headache  boo
I have felt sick all day long and I can't seem to shake this headache. 
What I thought was garden-variety headache...I think migraine is rearing ugly head...better tend to it before it gets any worse. 
I got a headache  ouch!
I have a splitting headache and no asprin. boo 
finally home from a long day driving  and has a headache 
I have the worse headache ever!!!! No bueno... 
bad mood &amp; headache  ...someone make me happy
@cathyjh  pmsl dont worry i wont keep you xxx im ok, just trying to get shot of a bad headache 
Wow... 2 days without caffeine, and I already have a terrible headache! 
I have a headache...no workout today  But made big changes to my myspace
the rain gives me a headache...therefore i've had a headache for about 2 weeks now 
I've had a massive headache all day. I pray it goes away soon. 
trying to read tweets, but I have a headache. ....maybe later 
I have had a terrible headache all day.  I wish it would just go away 
Arrggghhhh I just want to crack my neck... this tension is driving me NUTS and is leading to a tension headache 
It is scary. I had a nightmare about it lastnight 
@jessicamackay haha yeaaah... and i got a headache because brittany w slammed me into anotherr go kart 
I think its going to be another early night for me. This headache just won't stop. 
ugggh i think im getting a heat induced headache 
editing last batch of vacation pictures. hard to do with a headache. 
I think that days where I have a headache are not much fun 
Massive headache need some food 
Laying down cause i still have a headache..  who wants to give me a massage?  
@nightmare93 i wouldn't know, i was always invisible 
ughh headache 
had the worst nightmare 
i have a headache and i need some emotional cheering up 
The kids are excited and we are almost finished packing.  But now I have a headache. 
Ugh I just got hit with a really bad headache.  no bueno.
wow just got a huge headache   gay
A cold I think...fever...cold....headache...came out of know where 
still has the headache from hell  x
I have a hell of a bitch headache 
into day 2 of headache 
I shouldn't have kept the electric fan on when I was sleeping . Now get a headache... 
another headache.. damn it! 
I'm getting a headache from listening to the tape and transcribing 
woke up with a headache. not good.  at least its friday!
worst headache ive ever had 
I think i hit my head cause i have like a headache 
my eyes hurt  i've had a headache for like a whole week... asprin doesnt work! suggestions?
sleepy.. z,Z i want to sleep but i cant sleep. whats my problem! headache 
Having terrible nightmares! 
Gonnna try and sleeep now. Fckn headache 
I have such a headache..  And there isn't anything on tv to even just blah out to it.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa I don't like caffeine.  headache/jittery/nervous/rambly/can'tsleep/can'teat/buzzing head
hmm think I fixed it.... anyways, bed now!! and please pray for my headache to be over 
home... have a headache. 
dude, this blows.  i could have totally slept for one more hour.  maybe then my headache would have gone away.  
woke up feeling migrainey- major nausea, headache, ugh.  thinking about going back to bed when Z naps if I haven't improved!  #fb
has a killer headache 
Just had THE most awful and upsetting nightmare. 
I feel siick  I have a killer headache!
i have a friggin headache 
feeling sick. stupid headache. 
woke up wit a damn headache 
Is having headache and blur vision problems in wrong time...while studying for the finals.  yallah....
I have a throbbing headache that seems to be recurring every now and again (&amp; I'm heaving); starting to give myself a bit of a scare. 
I think I found the cause of the headaches of death... my fish oil pills. Now if I could get rid of the headache right now. 
2000 piece puzzle gives me a headache...i will never get it done.. 
ughh i feel sick   i have nothing to do and i have a headache 
hayfever, a massive headache and a very sore throat  wot else could go wrong i just want to sleep.
ugh...hungry..headache...tired.. 
got a headache, dad is in hospital. 
I have a massive headache and all my 250 advil are gone. Also cleaning the nasty apartment. 
has a headache... like one of those babon babon headaches... and it's the last day of program 
listening to bullet for my valentine. massive headache 
ugh killer headache  go awayyy!
Its like my headache gets worse by the second. 
nighty night all! i have a headache  xxx
@neecolemarie lmao. hahaha owww. headache 
I feel a million times better today, but woke up with a hangover-like headache 
Something in my house is causing an impromptu sinus headache and stuffy nose. Just as I was about to go out biking, too 
Transformers 2 gave me a headache, it's just bang, smash, boom but too much 
When ever I wear a headband I end up with a headache 
just got home.. but feeling a headache coming on 
@annajaneb That's probably for the best, he's got a killer headache and probably wouldn't be any fun anyway. 
@suziam not sure why.. Overslept maybe? I feel a tad headache.. and it's really bright outside.. eeeppppp... light.. 
@iamhewhoisiam i don't think i can ever sleep for fear of warped nightmares 
Hour and a half nap did not work. Now I'm nauseous and I have a headache. 
My headache has gotten so bad  I guess thats why they invinted tylenol.
Watching blue collar comedy tour. I have a major headache 
serious heartburn from lunch - and headache from all the msg  
Has a beer headache and wants to go to bed! waiting for my washing to finish though 
Headaches suck so much  i havent eatin sense 11
@atlanticwasborn The gas smell in my house for the past 4 hours has been giving me a headache. 
@imcudi make my headache go away 
monster headache  hope i can sleep it off
i'll soon be knocked out by the tylenol pm. headaches are uncool 
@blacklondon sorry for your headache 
@ashleyxtellez watching that 70s waiting for my headache to go away  lasted all day...
i blew up this balloon that tasted and smelt like burnt rubber and now i have a fricken headache    
So I did a lil' drinking tonight....now I have a headache which sucks cuz that means I can't take my migraine medicine 
Having a light headache 
is really really really sick of nightmares 
worst headache ever 
Lying on my bed nursing my headache..hopefully it doesn't become full blown 
@MissDuveaux hihi, we just came back from running! But I have a terrible headache, which is getting worse 
I have a terrible headache. Not even medicine helps!  Actually one thing could make me feel better, reply from @tommcfly.   please reply.
has the mother of all headaches! 
suffering a serious headache and trying to type up exam this is not good 
so kids please listen to me: don't drink more alcohol than you can manage.. it only ends in a big big headache....   
has a headache and feels too sore to fall asleep. 
on a second not i have the worst headache ever  might have drank just alil tooo much lol
just woke up from the worst nightmare  i want aaronn
all I did tday was wathchin' videos n now I'm getting a headache 
Just up, got a headache 
says wahh.. my project gives me a headache!! wahh..  http://plurk.com/p/12f8dm
@Nevidge20 i woke up to a tweetdeck headache...thankful for my 4 hours 
STILL got a bloody headache 
So i'm awake at seven and I've got a mother headache. 
Basically the worlds worst headache mutated into the worlds worst panic attack topped with nausea  this sucks.
my lawd, that was one killer sinus headache.. i just woke up from 12 hours of sleeping 
another headache.. sigh.. 
what a nightmare 
such a bad fucking headache 
suffering bruises from yesterday's reality nightmare .. god.. 
@chgthewrld sorry bout the headache and humidity 
Man, I have the biggest headache from last night. 
Is up and has one hell of a headache no good at all. 
I had a nightmare 
ughh i've had a headache for like four dayss 
woke up with a killerrrr headache 
I have a headache in the worst way 
Working a track meet...kids are a headache! 
woke up with a headache 
ow ow ow, i've had a headache for the past 2 hours and it keeps getting worse, i think my head is going to explode 
has had a headache for the past six days, booo 
I've had a headache for a week. when will it end 
2 day headache...I thought these were over 
woke up with this mad headache i've had last night. 
@ginachristine14 cuz i have a huge headache  shhhhhhhh i drank red bull and vodka secret lol
slept about 14 hr last night..had a headache  there was a party above us, they shut down @ 2:30a, no bother..
I am sooo sorry twitter. if it makes you feel better, I just woke up w huge headache, all the lights ON, and just in my brassier. worst 
i just woke up from a double nightmare. ugghh. 
woke up wit a headache ... 
Ugh I have such a horrible sinus headache. The last thing I want to do is get ready and go shopping. 
@sammy1986 aw same :/ i have a bad headache completely 
having a headache  sobs. wheres the panadol when i need it?  oh. its in the kitchen.
ohh headache 
i've had a horrible neckache/headache for three days and i'm becoming more and more paranoid that i have some terrible illness. 
says mornin. i had a nightmare  http://plurk.com/p/12itm1
I simply can't understand why I keep having strange nightmares. 
god i hate it when my sister gets in trouble...all you hear is screaming. ugh, i gives me a headache 
i have thee worst headache 
ahhhhhhh i got a serious headache, hasnt stopped all day 
At home...i have a headache. 
just came home. in search of a good headache reliever, advil is not working for me anymore. 
rawr rawr.   ahh im at young alices house. but i have a headache, and i want to be at home in my bed     ahh well x x
I have a f*ckin headache again  I've been getting headaches a lot lately smfh!
gotta headache 
has a headache again. I'm really bothered, kinda pointlessly, and I just wish I could give him a hug 
when is this headache going to go away? ugh shoot me 
I have the worst headache this morning  getting ready to go to church with my fam.
can't figure out watt to wear its like a terrible nightmare 
I always get headaches before I go out. I was meant to go on a shopping spree, I check my balance... And I have $50 left. 
Lying in bed never felt so awful  stupid headache.. just wont go away
@champagnehearts  I'm actually feeling worse. I have had a headache for more than 4 hours and i'm now exhausted
sooo tired and has been getting headaches and dizzy flashes alll day 
I have a bellyache. 
@tommcfly i am  getting a headache   !!!  life is not good (buah) *cry*
sick, headache, no concert anymore 
i have a headache since morning 
I just want to wake up and realize that this is a nightmare 
I still have a headache from passing out in the middle of the street 
Recovering from a nasty headache today. 
I have a massive headache! This has been happening a lot lately 
I'm not feeling well.. I have a huge headache and I can't stop thinking about things and it makes my head worse  going to sleep. xoxooo
sick..sore throat and terrible headache 
@ARKATECHBEATZ sorry hun!  i ended up staying longer then expected n got a huge headache from all my loud cousins!
I have a horrible headache tonight! 
I have a really bad headache its like a stinging rush in my head. I cant sleep anymore either. 
been gone all day..im so tired!!! have a massive headache 
bout to crash. i have a headache.  lame!
i gotta king helL headache ...... 
shit my headache is back 
well i finally made it to sleep but woke up after a nightmare 
@feelinofluv1302  That's crazy!  A total nightmare 
i have a headache from sucking the helium out of all the balloons. 
I think I've got a headache :| Making it hard to do school stuff 
my sweetheart had a headache..and now i can't sleep..boo 
just had some nightmares 
Sometimes I feel like i'm in a neverending nightmare that has no ending! 
monster headache after 114 homework.... and its not even done! 
LEXX was such a beautiful, wonderful, erotic nightmare... It's SUCH a shame it had to end!  @RealCliveBarker
Waking up with a headache, though I drank no alcohol last night 
has a headache .. its to hott  .. happy daddy's day !! XD
I am wide awake after the cat threw up and then I threw up. I hate having a headache that is so bad it makes your stomach upset!! 
to much paint major headache! I really don't like painting anymore 
headaches and Sundays. not a good mix.  http://plurk.com/p/12o92g
am having a splitting headache now. blame the piles of physics homework 
tummy ache and headache great!  =/
@thelipprint yeah they do! I love headbands. But sometimes they give me a headache 
hour and a half of sleep. bad headache. I miss brian and betsy. 
is at home. suffering from a headache due to excessive drinking of vodka last night at the ark 
That wasn't as bad as my nightmare, but it was up there with it 
is feel the effects of last night....i got a major headache 
absolute thumping headache coming on  thats never good
I all ready have a headache  and I have a long day ahead of me.
has a headache and can't sleep. Also, she opened her big mouth and got herself in trouble yet again. She needs to not drink so much. 
The nightmares need to stop 
Aw man, I have such a bad headache 
is hoping she can kick this sinus headache or dj'ing tonight will be less then fun. 
I'm sick... I have a fever... and a headache... and I can't breathe through my nose... I can't sleep either  *wishes he had someone*
gots a headache 
ahhhh I have a headache 
got a monster headache yet i'm still writing code 
Still got an effing headache! 
Working in customer service with a throbbing headache ouch 
finally out! these are going to be some long days. i have a headache too 
@IamJadedBeauty  just talking bout all this has given me a sick headache 
I have a headache............. for 3 days now!!!! 
awful headache/having a crappy day 
watching tv. i have a horrible headache. ugh. 
head feels like it's going to explode... no point to a headache like this if i didn't even have fun last night 
i think i may be allergic to nighttime! that would explain why i can never sleep and always feel unwell! bloody headache &amp; insomnia! 
doesn't feel well.  The headache is getting worse.... 
@GCBoi not around me at least  as i get a headache and feel instantly ill (nausea) if I smell cigar smoke...  *sigh*
i have a terrible headache creepin up 
About to have my tea and try to relax but I have such a bad headache 
has a killer headache that gives her dizzy spells.  And makes me tired.
is there ANY permament spell that can be casted on to relief headaches for life? 
I've had a headache for 3 days straight went to the doc and I am dehydrated  drinking lottttts of water now!
has got a terrible headache, had it all day 
has a bit of a headache 
@cheesygiraffe sorry you have a headache now 
killer headache 
@semipenguin thanks honey. i think i'd rather have the bumpy ride than the headache. ive been having more since the increase in meds 
argh.. ive got a banging headache 
Yay!... doctor said im fine, just tension headache , given me a prescription tho  x
i've had this headache for three days now 
waking up with a shitty headache sucks! way to ruin my whole day you stupid jerk headache 
I think this caffeine headache is going to make my head explode 
is headed to work, slept good have half a headache tho 
I'm distracting myself from a headache it hurts ow 
has got a banging headache 
I just had the worst nightmare 
I've had this killer headache for 2 days now  leave me alonee.
i miss my baby!  &lt;3 i have a small headache! and i have nothing to eat! -_-
freakin' headache. 
i took a nap and woke up with a headache  well my eye hurts lmao time for new glasses
I have one hell of a headache  Going to rest and go to bed
Please rain, I can't take this headache anymore. It hurts 
I have a terrible headache  and i can't find the advil over here.
I have one of those dumb headaches that you get when you sleep too long 
 How do I make my headache go away?
bad ass headache . 
still got a headache, going to bed try and sleep it off 
This humidity gives me a killer headache 
I have the worst headache ever, and I really, really miss @minuet.  
I had a headache all day 
guh, headache and eyes feeling weird. 
man I wish this pounding headache would go away 
Why do I have pure nightmares. 
my headache is coming back  slowly but surely creeping up the base of my neck...
i have a icky headache that wont leave me alone 
don't feel well and certain things are giving me a headache 
i have a colossal headache. it  feels like a nuclear weapon testing facility in there 
So I have a pretty bad headache and I think tomorrow morning when I attempt to wake up.. my legs won't work.  
@MiSidebar I've had a raging sinus headache all day!  feel better
whitening my teeth with a thundering headache. I have an hour to do this....seriously 
Gots a headache 
@linxi  headaches suck big time! pinch your fingertips!
i have a major headache :/ and it's one of those cry your heart out nights. only thing, i dont have someone to cry to. goodnight 
Feeling sad and headache-y at one in the morning. 
bugger! headache 
terrible headache! and no meds! 
At home with a nasty headache..  http://myloc.me/5y8k
major headache  going to bed! nighty nite!!
Ahhh...out of work 10 min early  with a headache 
just woke up from a nightmare. 
got the chills, sore throat, and a headache. please don't let me wake up sick tomorrow. 
just had another nightmare thats 4 different nightmares in like the last week 
I had a nightmare, so now i'm awake. 
@AngMoGirl 'designer' coffee gives me a headache 
is hoping her eye gets better soon and this rubbish headache goes with it..... 
soooooo hot      I don't like this weather, it makes me feel so ill...trying to take my mind of the headache that keeps starting up
Gahh feel sick  headache and whatnot
Not feeling well at all today  huge headache and nausea 
Has a nasty headache!  mehhh
its a new day.. going to work with this really bad headache  oh well..
ugh. . its 6 a.m. and I cant go back to sleep. I had the worst nightmare. . 
feels like shit today! headache and upset stomach 
another nightmare 
I have the killer headache from hell 
So far im having a pretty good day, still have a headache though 
Has just about had it with this damn headache! 
@danradxmichelle i forgot to tell you i had another nightmare 
amazingggg night/morning...bad headache though 
ugh... woke up with a headache... 
I have the worst headache in th eorld. I have taken meds. and it will NOT go away. 
I have a headache this morning 
watchin divided.. got a headache 
still got a headache,cant have ibroprofen or codeine as i get stomach pain, grrrrr, kids back to school soon on the up side  
Watching the nightmare before christmas. 
Tired, headache, good show though!  haha
@niah_ I love your background. And I had a slight headache before... 
@djknucklehead start dancing out of nowhere to get all the nightmares away 
with a good ol' headache, no slept enough, too much drinks... you took too much man, too much! 
yakisoba causes nightmares especially when eaten this late. 
had a good day  now...I hav a headache and bak to the folio
has a killer headache... but... only 3 finals to go!!! 
@dieverdog #Migraines Yes, hope it's a headache -free zone for both of us!! 
@lina_luka i've had a headache for the past 4 days but i feel better now. how are you? 
is having this massive headache! and all i want to do is eat some nachos.. 
Morrningg  just slept for 12 hours and now i have a headache D;
@Halfdeck - didn't have any nightmares.  
Off to bed I go.  I have nightmares to attend. 
@mimiller hope your headache goes away soon...hang in there 
After a 6-hour headache, I'm alive again!  Yayyy!
Outch... Still have a headache. :/ I need to drink some more water. 
@angdoherty lol yup i caught the sleeplessness bug, but when i did sleep, i slept too long lol. hmm headaches..i'll wiki an answer for it 
off to a good week as long as my headache will go away 
@FatDaddySweets that is very true- would have been a nightmare trying to fill orders and etc during that... I bet you will be swamped 
@casual_intruder I feel your pain. Sounds like a waking nightmare. All gone now 
@doctorpancreas OBG used to be a nightmare for me, but I scored the best in that... 
- right I have a small headache but it is not stopping the music pumping...well maybe i'll turn it down a tad....  x
Playing ps3 and suffering from a massive headache... 
