Most common words for this cluster:
[('head', 1569), ('hurts', 464), ('ache', 88), ('stuck', 44), ('lol', 41), ('amp', 35), ('hurt', 33), ('feels', 31), ('chair', 27), ('day', 26), ('boss', 25), ('today', 25)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'head', 0.8928970694541931), (u'heads', 0.6229825615882874), (u'Faye_Dunaway_bopped', 0.5720280408859253), (u'SMH_shaking', 0.5622690916061401), (u'pawprint_shaped_bruises', 0.5454192757606506), (u'rattling_Ghiloni', 0.5435455441474915), (u'Head', 0.5400562882423401), (u'Ow_ow_ow', 0.527540922164917), (u'Youssef_Kanjo', 0.5268820524215698), (u'butt', 0.5180276036262512)]





laid around too much today... now my head hurts 
running nose + spinning head = not a good combination for a meeting! 
having a major head ache!!!!  this sucks men! arrrrrrrg!
urgh. my head hurts. think I've had about 7 hours sleep, but the cat was miaowing...   no rest for the wicked!
head got bashed by a door today. 
i slept for too long last night. my head aches now 
Just baashed my head on sum iron railings 
rehearsal makes my head hurt. 
@Imsosorry now thats stuck in my head 
amazing how his big head hasn't made him lose his balance and fall on his face...yet...and I love him too much to watch it happen. 
got rear ended and now my head hurts 
Feels like my head is going to explode! I don't want the flu 
@gemmak500 It's amazing how many couples you see when your only one  Head up chest out sit up straight.....you are loved xx
Mapping out this hat...I have a large head. 
man...my allergies got me again!  can somebody please rub my head??
I have huge head ache 
is damn sick...my head is literally blowing 
Uggggh.....my head hurts 
hit her head last night  ouch!
@MyAppleStuff bad head in the morning 
my head is full of confusion 
has her head full of a guy who knows nothing about what she's going through 
Just got up from my up &amp; my head hurts so bad  lame.
my head hurts 
@gracechild great, now it's stuck in my head! I wanted to go to karaoke 
@Lauraannhacker this twitter is sooooo confusing... my head hurts now 
tireedddddd, i miss hilton head island &amp; beaufort. marrweeeennies 
My head hurts. 
My Head really feels like it's about to implode. 
@mileycyrus hey hun! i couldnt imagine traveling like you do.  keep your head up! your such an inspiration to many. we all live up to you!
My head hurts.  I think I drank too much?
I look a hot mess...my head is bumpin 
is in bed with courtnee being a sleepy head. too much chinese has been nommed and now we are fat 
My head hurts 
My head hurts 
's voices in her head are giving her the silent treatment because she yelled at them to quit interrupting... now she is lonely.  
@carrielinn83 i don't even want that thought in my head 
Oh man, my head is killing me 
my head iss bangingg 
I just woke up and my head is screaming.  plus my whataburger chkn sandwich was half eaten and I passed out on my couch to sportscenter
Head still hurts from yesterday 
finnishing my hair. im needing some smiles because my head hurts 
@JessicaRabbitJR yay for natural hair!!!! i may order this week! just not sure if i need 2 bags or 3...i have a big head!!  lol...
My head effing hurts, medicine please 
Theres a voice inside my head saying &quot;You'll never reach it&quot; 
to much stuff in my head and I can't fall asleep 
my head hurts from crying 
tired and head hurts from toda. 
hit my head on my guitar as i was taking it off.  i think im going to big bruise on my forehead tomorrow.
thinking about valuations and multiples and things. Head hurts...  
My head hurts 
wishes my head would turn off so I could sleep...  http://plurk.com/p/p52sc
@robcthegeek yes, it's proving difficult to get my head round! 
Just me and the cat.  I'm all stopped up.  Head colds suck 
- I am wiv achey head 
My whole body hurts!  From head to toe 
it's like we were kicked up side the head with a big winter chill 
just stuck my head out my window....not sure why but it was freezing...i got sun burn yesterday!!! and now im freezing  whyyyy
muh head hurts 
Head still hurts! Wish I didn't have uni today 
my boss is still mad from me i guess 
I think I need potassium, my head is bothering me. like it don't hurt a lot but ugh its a irritating feeling!! 
my head hurts. i need to sleep.   goodnight world.
@illBLvnDW4Evr32 im here just nursing a goose egg on my head from slaming it off a door earlier! 
i just broke my tooth on a lemon head 
My head isn't healing well it feels that way 
finds it annoying that she just bought $15 head phones that dont fit into her ears properly 
doesn't knooo what to dooo today, it's lovely and sunny out...still banging my head against the wall 
my head hurts 
my head hurts... great! 
Not getting your head kicked in is win-win for everyone, really. I stubbed my toe today  But my head is intact.
Alcohol = bad  my head hurts 
Laying in bed.. sorest head known to man  d
got my new chair from @ebuyerdotcom but was missing an arm rest and hydrolic pump  sucks!
is sad the director cancelled the scene 
My boss passed away. 
What a very long night...my head hurts.  
my head feels not quite good  bad, bad alcohol. i will never ever drink it again
Ive slept on my neck and my back weird &amp; now everytime i move my head its complete agony. Owwww 
Oh my she is takin me all around!! And my head hurts 
@calperry Not sure if u r banging your head against the wall already, but the O's r down 3-1 in the 3rd, sorry 
i have a head ache 
spoke too soon about feeling better...my head is pounding again 
Drinking a huge mug of tea and nursing a sore head 
playin bowlin... head hurts 
Doesn't feel too great after that box fell on his head :s 
my head hurts 
@timlovejoy the heart ruled the head again 
@penelopeloves ohhhh about him being married and shaved head:O  is there any pictures
I've got the headache from hell today. Head spinning, throwing up and been asleep on the sofa all day 
has a major headache. it hurts when i but my head on the pillow 
my head hurts. 
my head ache is back 
I cant stop touching my shaved head 
@kriistennnxx31 worddddddddddddddd . I've had the same head ache for 4 days ! 
my head hurts.  
My head, is pounding so badly it kills  2ne1 are near debut though, so it's all cherry lemmy! (cherry lemmy was just made up by me!)
owww, my head kills. 
My head hurts 
Horrible migraine. What is with head lately? 
@itsonlywords hope you don't have what's been going around  my head was pounding for two days.  sleep well, feel better!
Tired and my head hurts... 
It's sunburns like these that make me hate being a red head. I'd trade it for the ability to tan instead of burn any day... 
My head hurts!  but i'm happy haha
I got a head-ace now from to much thinking 
in coles... bah. so boring. and my head is killing me 
Ive been trying to sleep for like an hour to no avail... And al's cat keeps head-butting me 
@myaddiktiion how on earth did you manage to do your Haloscan? :O my friend told me to sign up for one and I can't make heads nor tails 
ohshit. there's a line from a song in my head and i can't remember the song. all i have is 'i miss you, yeah, yeah, i miss you'. 
@MaximumTheSibbz noooo !!  lmao. That was stuck in my head yesterday!
@MaximumTheSibbz noooo !!  lmao. That was stuck in my head yesterday!
will take a rest for awhile. my head hurts and so as my tummy.  http://plurk.com/p/rpgx0
@andyclemmensen @shaundiviney you guys are silly. come to canberra  silly heads lol
@Zokathepuppy i only slept three hours &amp; i couldn't go back to sleep, now that I have to leave for school soon, my head hurts a lot 
doesn't know what to do and its making my head hurt 
i woke up with this in my head  http://tinyurl.com/c36mgk
@rina_123 My head hurts!  waaahhh!!!!
some mornings are just not pretty.....have head and neckache 
@DMFP in my head i think he reads the subject but doesn't have to open the message...he doesn't write back to me 
my head feels like spinning 
my head hurts. 
@Basicapes what?u miss hearing my shit talking all day..lol! Haaaa give mike a slap on the head for me!tour's going great,we miss u 
My head is killing me, and I've even taken excedrine migrane. 
:Head hurts so bad and i gots a fever  ... hurts to even lay down and sleep some one call for help
can't sleep... too much going on in my head, I just want to cuddle with my sweetie but alas he is working 
Ugh. I have a really bad head ache... 
Head has been hurting since yesterday evening. That makes me sad. 
I want to lie down and go to sleep... But as soon as i lie down my brain starts spinning in my head. Not comfy. 
my head hurts 
everything hurts D: especially my head 
...I have a head ache!! 
ergh. i love rove, but now i have wes carr stuck in my head 
head hurts 
No sleep since last tweet. Head is nearly to migraine stage. 
ok.. i have a little hang over. my head hurts..  
So now I'm back, with a bad head ache think I'm coming down with the cold my sister &amp; mum has  can't be bothered to revise but I have too!
is genuinely ashamed with himself for that involuntary LOL at the man with a doughnut on his head 
My head hurts. And no one wanted robinson's with me. 
there's a story in my head and it won't come out  it's making my brains hurt
poor bubba just cut half his mohawk off, so we shaved his head and now he says his &quot;head look ugly&quot; poor kid 
my head is thumping &amp; my throat is sore, finding it difficult to concentrate on work 
Head hurts 
Has a ache in her head  it's just getting worse and won't go away
head hurts 
Head hurts.. 
Head feels like its stuffed with cotton wool balls  stupid cold (N)
@zandraisabelle morning hun. &lt;3333333 aww.. too bad.  I'm here for you. &lt;3 same here. I woke up by only feeling pain i my head. :/ ily &lt;3
i just can't stop whining how my head feels. ughh 
I have reached the point of being so tired that I am not   Even trying to center &amp; relaxed breathing won't clear the noise in my head.
in computing class i have a sore head 
is feeling rather unwell - my head feels like its going to burst with all the information inside of it 
My head hurts 
had few bumps on the head at the gym..  so far, not passing out yet... Not sure bout tomorrow... 
taking pepto... like the boss. 
head hurts wicked bad. 
ugh the morning head ache is back 
Head hurts and getting worse. No tablets. Ouch 
my boss had to take the chair i've been sitting in to a customer to test out yesterday. i really liked that chair 
never drinking red bull again. *ouch* my head 
feeln worst dan i did earlier  &amp; missn my big head. tryn 2 fine sum calmn musiq 2 listen 2
 my head hurts now.
my head hurts 
my head hurts 
@Errricuh no kidding  I want to shave his head
I feel dizzy and my head hurts. 
my head hurts 
Just hit my head and i have a huge knot 
my head hurts 
My head hurts and I have to work today 
is trying to go back to sleep....but the thoughts in my head won't let me... 
I think my head it frozen, now I have a headache. 
@littledevil84 oops  missed this message till just now - sorry! seriously my head was dropping and my eyes were hurting
morning everyone! got a throbbing head 
My head hurts 
ouchie! i found a bruise on my head 
i got up to quick, head rush! 
my head hurts 
was up most of the night worrying about my daughter, who fell out of the bed and whacked her head. She is ok, small bruise on her cheek 
My head hurts 
My head hurts 
I am still trying to wrap my head around my maths homework - t'is not going so well 
I keep burning my head with my hairdryer.....owww 
is sat eya bored outta her head  x x x
@pipsytip ... fail. we has a v fuzzy e4.  cannot see his shiny head 
Head hurts, I haven't slept at all, friend's wouldn't be quiet, &amp; when there was silence, SOMEONE started snoring  - fell asleep in taxi.
a boy was very cruel yesterday and threw a rock off my head and now its swollen and sore. 
ugh, my head hurts, my miller time went well into overtime and now i am paying for it  
i'm gonna try to go back to sleep  my head is killing me 
My head hurts  From laying on my tummy...how weird is that?!
Studying business but cant seem to get it into my head... 
i have a song stuck in my head but i can't remember what it is 
I have a certain song stuck in my head and I want it out. 
Head ache!  &lt;3verdy f. baby
in bed with vertigo. can't move my head 
OH still feels pretty bad, thumping head  So I shouldn't complain, I just feel wiped out, no longer any particularly bad symptoms 
aaaaarg, revising from german, not fun, it wont stick in my head   x
my head band gives me a head ache 
this head cold is hurting ma 
my head feels like it's going to explode!! 
getting sharp pains in the back of my head  Its not a tumor.  I think.
I went to busch gardens yesturday and now my voice and head hurts ....... 
my head hurts  showwer soon.
my head hurts. i wish i could talk to you.  #fb
looking up schools makes my head hurt! 
Is hating her internet lately and has a pounding head for some reason. 
my head still hurts. i think i need to go to the doctor.  i will never use the pool slide again. not.
Going to bed, my head hurts 
i have a bad headache  if its not the stomach, it's always my head! &lt;
something's wrong on my head. i should consult doctor 
my head hurts 
i'm bored and my head hurts! 
my head hurts 
Just put me head in a bloody cobweb eeewww 
Splitting headache. Seriously. It feels like the left side of my head is going to fall off. (At this point, I kind-of wish it would.)   
Why is every lockable postgrad desk not available until next year? *head thumps on desk, ever so ungently* 
my head aches  need to go home.
http://twitpic.com/5f4ax - great! i forgot to turn it -.- my bad  turn your head ;) hahaha
somebody buy me plasters. i don't want to work, my head hurts 
argh. my head and my throat hurt so bad. i'm going to bed. 
mysql problems grrr.... head hurts 
my head hurts so badd 
Head is starting to feel a bit better thank god, still got a headache though  probably hormone related
@FantasyParade I know I fail at life. I believe you knew that already though. I have a sore head, studying bores me 
Ugh, i need someone to take over my VEDM for today, i've got too much on and my head hurts 
head stuffed up this morning. can't breathe 
@shaunarawrr_x haha! no you fell of your chair...now i have to fall 
        my head feels like a bowling ball
my head feels like a bowling ball   
Feels weird to be a red head again. I miss black 
i knew it was too good to be true.my head feels like its gna explode again,only this time its worse 
@PRtini @libbaloo @SternalPR I had special left-handed scissors that our exec asst. nought me, but I can't find them. 
fresh out the shower..bout 2 head bac 2 kissimmee 
@benvantende lucky you - im still going head over heels 
@hellorhiannon no, definitely not! haha its stuck in my head badd  i love ittt.
pain in the back of my head  ouchhh
@shadesofoc I know that's right. I wrapped the scarf around my head and left only the eyes out, but they started to water  from the smell
in work bored outta my head 
I have a head ache... 
sleepy-head is heading towards disaster 
gah! head hurts! 
Really sore head and eyes...i HATE hayfever 
Head hurts... 
Owch my head, i need a gregs and a cuddle 
sleepy head  it's very hot.
@saffrontaylor yup tell me about it, I was trying not to bang my head against the wall while it was on,I was even thinking about reading 
having a very slow day at work. Head not all there... 
it feels like someone's hitting my head with a hammer. oooww. 
i feel like someone threw sixteen basketballs at my head consecutively then made me scream for two hours straight. 
my head aches 
looks like my head gasket has gone  boo!
I have &quot;No Boundaries&quot; stuck in my head. That's bittersweet. 
got a massive head ache  !!
@rachelmoon they found cancer everywhere just about. It's sad  I'll miss that sweet dog. She was a knot head but I'll miss her. 
I still feel crappy and keep biting poor @KimMobey's head off  #fb
one side of my face is numb an i have 2 new fillings in my head 
@aluinnsearlait  I am sorry you were hurt  Who did it? We can go buy a barbie bat and beat them mercilessly over the head with it BWAHAhe
I have the worst freaking head ache right now.  
My head hurts so bad, I need to do so much today as well 
@daisyeater ohhh sooorrreeee head... 
@StripeyGreen  zombies ates your head insides? I weeeel keeeeeel them.  *wields cricket bat*
my head has turned into a big booger factory 
my head is breaking over something minor. but I have to knock this out before I can move on. I hate that!! 
My head has not stopped itching since I set foot in this barbers. Have I made a big mistake 
my head hurts this stinks 
my head hurts bad 
im sick...  my head hurts really bad...
heading to kepong.. accounting issues always make my head spinning 
What the crap i'm just sitting here and all of a sudden my head feels like it got hit with a baseball bat 
Head ache, ear ache, sore throat..I'm a walking ad for lemsip.. Eurgh 
i think i can actualy hear my head pounding!  i hate feeling sick.
Dangit, my head still hurts 
wants to whack someone in the head. I feel numb  
my head and throat hurt 
thoughts filling my head n cant fall asleep 
Man, my head hurts 
my effin head still hurts...i need some1 to take care of me 
Gots a head ache 
is tired and is getting a head ache 
omg i have the worst head ache i can feel it in my neck  
My head hurts. I need to focus  I regret so much
my cold has gone to worst - my head is double the usual size .. 
My head is pounding  No more sickness please enough already!! =,(
My head hurts so bad I could scream! 
my teeth and head hurts 
this time, i really need to shut it.. i'm going to sleep! my head aches badly and i really can't take it.. 
This train is so squeaky its givin me a sore head its bad enough i have to go to work! 
@sarahlchu  poor you lmao, just stick your head out the window!
My head hurts 
i have the song here comes goodbye stuck in my head not a good song to be singing considering my situation 
Heading home. Could really have done without banging my head on the way into the bus 
No allowed a calculator for this exam despite it containing laths that is impossible to compute in my head. 
new flat heads 
I'm so dizzy already and I'm only on the third page of chapter 73  *plops head*
my boss is bullying me... 
my head hurts             
ow, I just rolled over my toe with my desk chair.  
omfg, my head 
i have such a sore head 
At work my head hurts a little due to my neck! I hate when I sleep wrong! 
@Huneychild ....back to a frizz head again 
Ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song 
need a break...my head hurts 
This chair is not comfortable at all 
 @ coming to work w/ a rag on your head.
head hurts and I feel sick  and I have to go to work tomorrow  
My boss called me anerexic 
@crusaderz4life not here for long hun, head hurts 
Head hurts bad 
getting rained out @ the devon horse show.  *head desk*
ouch... head hurts 
Head--&gt;ache. 
Has a head cold 
@melly16 hmm a certain one who ive gave up on liking as he mucks my head about :^) i give up with them sometimes tbh 
@naomijlea good job I have the track in my head, cos sadly can't access it, boo 
My head hurts beyond much. 
sigh.. stayed up late cause was on a role w/ assessment, now I'm so tired my eyes r stinging &amp; my head hurts.. &amp; I still need 500 words 
My head hurts 
My head hurts....  Can wait to see the new photoshoot!!!!!!!
@kemiFRESH i mean we mite do sumthn.... what u doin hope i get 2 c u b4 u head bak 
@jimsissy end count  *hangs head lower*
My mouth hurts. Wish I could cut my head off 
my head hurts.... 
@jackbox noooooo! I just spent two days getting that damn song OUT of my head 
Too many cocktails last night, my head hurts 
UP is out today!!! Why why why why does my head hurt so badly??!?!??!!?   I want to see it!!!
My head is spinning and I feel all blah 
my head hurts 
i just got hit in the head with a swing. Fuckkkk. 
would like someone to come over and stroke my head until i feel all better 
* sigh * has no one to talk to. The voices in his head went on vacation. 
Working.. My head hurts 
just had some dinner.... putting an ice pack on my head again... stupid having a concussion head 
omg my head is kiling me! 
@runiteking1 i have a better chair....but it don't work 
My tummy and my head hurts  
@BigBlueSteve: that already happened, I have a mark on my head from my nightstand 
head hurts 
Today ended up pretty fun. I guess it's all been inside my head, but I still have that burning feeling inside. 
Trying to go to sleep..I hate when my head hurts so bad I can't think  Gnightt
@sprightlyj if that was a joke it went over my head 
my ear hurts and its blocked, so does my head 
my head hurts 
@TheRealNobody haha! I'm home now, no more swivel chair  But this chair is comfy too.lol
My head hurts 
Housemusic in my head *boink, boink* 
My head hurts  sleep time
Bad head  From lack of sleep and possibly that wine :S
head hurts from the comp 
has a head cold and has to revise for her exams....i cant revise 
My head hurts  @xtranger
arm on my chair just broke 
My head hurts 
aha, it's so lush outside. But i'm so ill. The sun is giving me a sore head 
One just stood with head down, the other nuzzled under her arm for ages 
Has sore muscles from head to toe 
my head is pressurized by my sinusitis  lets see how quickly nasonex works on this on
I cannot wait for desperate housewives next weeeek!!. Its sooo sunny and I want to go out but its hurting my head 
my head hurts  laundry and hanging out with the chillins all day
ouch my head hurts sooo bad 
My head hurts so bad I woke up in tears.     I didn't do anything last night.  In bed by 9:30.  YUCKY!
definitely just hit my head on the wall.  
http://twitpic.com/69gpq - How on earth am I supposed to eat something the size of my head?!?!? 
I slept on my neck wrong. I cant turn my head to the right. 
The back of my head is numb for some reason 
My head seems to be getting worse by the minute 
I have my sister's fucking SHITE song she pays oveer and over again in my head... 
ow, my head hurts 
my head and stomache hurt.. 
i'm warning everyone now,... i survived some head trauma.. And it forced me to shave my head..  i look like an alien.
oooohhhh my head hurts 
my head hurts soo much!  i hate being sickk!!
head hurts  !! cleaning room its to stuffy.. ;/
ma head hurt 
Has hey there delilah stuck in her head. Thanks @honusjonas 
@peanutbutta30 lol. haha. i mean if she was tired . i woulda went to sleep too. lol. yooo. &quot;your a jerk&quot; .. is stuck in my head. 
Just got hit in the head hard by my sister she threw a starburst at me 
my head hurts  ... i have rollers in my hair lol
@jameswalpole sods law mate, i feel like i want to bury my head and hope it all goes away, but i know it wont 
@Dangerous_T U so damn silly! I wish my head wasn't so foggy right now... 
My head hurts. I had a fever last night. 
My eyes and head hurt from crying so hard.  
My head hurts soooo bad... 
tori is mean ! she called me a crotch head 
ouch my head hurts who woukld've known falling ov in a bath could be so hurtfull 
@richardAmills yeah, it was super intense. i had to turn my head at that part  it was so sad and disgusting. it got alot worse though haha
@richardAmills yeah, it was super intense. I had to turn my head at that part  it was so sad and disgusting. it got worse though. haha.
being bored sitting on a chair 
watching walle and coughing my head off 
ugh my head hurts 
sitting here eating my donuts scratching my head feeling a little disgruntled wondering why @BrianMcnugget un-followed me  maybe I am ...
imma go lay down n watch some T.V. my head is killin me! 
Just saw that i got a little sun burn on my nose and i have a head ache 
i have a head ache i dont like it 
i have a head ache... 
my head hurts 
I just decided not to take my daisy duck hat to disney  it's too small for my head now...
@ilovemakonnen damnit u just ruined the image in my head... 
My head hurts soo badd. 
my head hurts ! 
I just slammed my head into an ihop table.  ouch. So drunk
MsLika is not as big a hip hop head as she thought....it's nothing but loud beats &amp; yelling....  MsLika
Head in a toilet bowl! I'm so sick I need someone to take care of me!!!! 
Eurgh, my head hurts  x
From church now.... great confi photo!!   xD but you only see my head....  
I adore this weather =] but it sucks when you have a weird head ache 
My head hurts, I feel like crying... Why do I feel like this ? 
is pulled a all nighter and cant hold my head up!! 
i woke up with koi in my head. aw. 
@iambitty I wasn't able to stick my head out bcoz the window had a net over it. 
@AmyStudabaker I woke up with no cats on my head 
'bout to sleep... im dead tired and my head hurts!! 
History hurts my head 
my head hurts.. 
I have a killer head ache. 
im soooooo tired, so much that my head hurts, but i can't sleep! and i have to 
mad hangover! patron to the head aint good 
Up..have to get ready to check out and head to the airport 
head ache 
my head is in a financial spreadsheet when it should be in the sunshine 
@head4thestarz NO, the dirty tile!! 
@ReconChesty I Completely agree. He did have all those bailouts though, but he kind of had a gun pointed at his head to do it. I miss him 
omg. i swear everybody is doing my head in. :Y 
@liziporter go stick your head in a garbage disposal 
my head hurts  ugh hate havin headaches. not fun!
My head hurts again this monotonous reoccurring event is really getting old I am going to go lie down. 
bit of a sore head 
My head hurts  still...
My head feels like it's been stood on 
@zoecello As soon as you mentioned the name of that song, it popped up in my head. It's been an hour and it hasn't left 
My head hurts 
no run tonight - i don't cope well in heat, have a sore head and my kit is wet  2morro it is.
my head hurts 
i slept wrong and now seem to be unable to turn my head to the right 
oww, i fell off my eletric scooter yesterday (being really stupid) and the handle bears fell on my head and now my head hurts!!! 
owwww i fell off my electric scooter yesterday (being really stupid) and the handle bars fell on my head and now my head hurts!! 
I have like 5 welts on my head, bruises, and my hairs falling out. I just want sushi, a bed, and some good movies. This sucks 
ugh, my head hurts 
my head hurts 
My head hurts. Badly. 
Now I am getting cranky...I want to lay in a flat position with a pillow under my head and watch #Weeds but my flight is delayed again. 
has a head ache... 
My head hurts 
is sooo confused ? ? Theres a film on that I known i've seen but don't know what the hell it is! ahh my head hurts..? 
Has got a really itcy head  stupid nats 
@my4brats @RawHealer @wendilou too bad he went into a full meltdown after that.  But he came around, then wanted his head shaved bald!
My head hurts. 
my head keeps making a funny twitching thingie ... am broke 
Huge head ache 
My head hurts soo bad  make it go away!
@jennybunnybunns Me too. I shake my head in disbelief probably at least once a day 
my head hurts 
I just can't get you out of my head. I don't want to move home, it's really sinking in now and I'm close to tears thinking of leaving... 
@maired75 *pats head* you never do  its ok.. its a gift lol
Ugh my head is killing me  someone make me feel better 
My heads banging. 
head hurts 
My head feels swollen 
@Vonnieee ... except today I accidentely hit her head off the table  but it was partially her fault, she was being stubborn. lol
@rachitshukla I'm drinking. it's mostly due to my head cold that has drained into my chest. 
@HurricaneHelms   you have to be kidding me miley beat the boss - i guess we are getting old 
just hit my head in a car and now feel sick 
has the keyboard cat song stuck in her head. 
My head hurts so bad that I think I might go to bed early (for me). 
Just fell backwards in my computer chair, did a flip, and cracked my head on our NordicTrac..oww! 
Just saw a disgusting image I wish i could erase from my head. 
my head hurts noww teww 
My head hurts 
I feel like there is a cloud in my head.. I'm all stuffy.. 
At college  head hurting
Right off to buy some sunglasses and head to work! 
OUCH i just ran into a door because i was being chased by henry  my head really hurts
Head aaaaache. 
@dmeeno so you're managing to eat your lunch while thinking about an elderly giving head? I am pretty lonely but.. 
ow ow ow...  my stupid nose bleed from the other day has made my head all congested, my head hurts so much... 
@ComeOnEILEEN87 sorry my fist punched your head... 
And it is stuck in my head 
my head hurts again. 
@lutesvegas   I'm really mortified. There flies and sh*t buzzing on the poor thing.  UgH! I can't get the vision out my head.
so horribly unmotivated and utterly, utterly exhausted. i cannot keep dates in my head  too much. too, too much.
I just realized my avatar has no head. 
Has a head acid from being im the sun too long 
go on get out of my head 
My head is starting to kill meeee   
 my head still hurts from last night
@schuetzdj thanks for getting that one stuck in my head.... 
my head feels so heavy  daddy is stroking my forhead cos apparantly it would put me to sleep when i was 2 doesn't seem to be workin now
@mairri i know, i feel like giving up! nothing is going in my head 
head hurts after textiles exam  
My boss is disapointed in me  gahhhh
@kaourika  yeah, it's pretty sad. But he seems very jumpy and lively, so I think he might make it, though he'll have a bald head :x.
@head_scan shame... take care of yourself   hope you feel better tomorrow
going for a run under the sun, then gotta head to work 
i'm only started to get my head around this stupid maths 
Head been pounding all day 
@VitaDevoid she makes frequent appearances in my head too 
@mystacon oh god NO!!! *rocks to and fro while holding head and hitting head with fist*  ...... ((but I fear you will be right))
have a head ache 
was trying to lighten up then got nailed in the head with a cupboard door 
watching 90210 and baking in this heat ...i have a burnt head 
my head hurts and i feel really nauseated. 
I could also learn to spell, knob head 
@ThisStarChild honestly you going to have sore head in the morning 
Bout 2 take a nap my head is killing me 
shit - now i have the theme from cheers stuck in my head 
I really wish someone would make me soup and rub my head ... 
my head hurts 
I really wish someone would make me soup and rub my head ... 
head hurts 
Dickshit manager at tgif wouldn't give me drinks, my I'd is expired 
@christianeee just called me a chicken head 
My head hurts so bad... I feel like it's going to explode 
wait...head hurt @ halo. 
My head hurts.. 
sees lots of rest for donna  head hurts
Late night + busy head = bags tomorrow 
head hurts cuz i hit it on the wall....  owieeeeeeeee!
@jamesmoran I have fuzzy head and need to take bins out too. But I am sick and it is morning here. 
My head hurts 
I has headache. I study make my heads hurt worse. I can never win. 
have a huge head ache 
My god my head is murdering me from the inside... 
@milkshakesmelt for real.  I'm sorry your radio is holding a gun to your head and forcing you to listen. 
DAAMMNN seasonal allergies.. I believe that my head is going to explode any minute now! Going to sleep 
@tabooxchanz  ...sigh.... oh well.... *hangs head* really wanted to see u 
my head hurts  sooo close to graduation!!
Head is pounding 
Head hurts 
Fainting is no good  it makes my head hurt!
my head hurts 
has a bad bad head ache 
I wish I was cool enough to have voices in my head, but sadly I am not 
i can't stop saying like a boss 
Home from getting the little dude's head stitched back up.  
my head hurts 
@ciaobellaciao Not really fun, feel like my head is going to explode 
My head hurts 
hardware to the head=headache 
feel sick,,, head thumping 
Head hurting me and got me can't sleep 
is trying to get rid of this head pain 
@elizamanson your mum needs some meds to regulate whatever is goin on in her head. you okay  ? ilyy
having a conflict of interest in my own head... its not going very well 
my head hurts 
my head hurts 
only problem for me are the really long and hard to remember names  i cant get them in my thick head
My head hurts - too much work to knock myself out with codeine yet  #fb
my head hurts because of stupid people 
my head keeps hurting and i don't like it 
has a head ache and has to go to work... 
my head hurts 
i tried to put it back up... it fell on my head and my labbits bubble gum broke 
Ugh what a head ace 
slept on my neck wrong again.. can't turn my head to the right 
think I just got a sunburn on the top of my head 
Ugh! My head and nose is all stuffed up. I sooooo don't want a cold 
Head sore. 
just kneed myself in the head ! :'( ... from spazzing around .. i have a massive bump on my forehead and a permanatly intrigued eyebrow 
My heads sore 
@Seventyjane i haven't put a brush next to my head for weeks now. it's a bad scene. sorry  i'll fix it.
my head hurts 
head full of sand. thank the gods for migraines 
i wish my childhood would stop running thru my head 
My head hurts 
I have a head ache 
I'll probably get fired soon haha, my boss probably hates me 
owwwww, my head hurts 
 my head hurts...!
My head hurts. 
i got sunburn on my head 
my head hurts. 
@dastardlypirate thank you&lt;3 I just miss nick a lot  its hard for my head to admit its real
@GGGKeri night xx, i think i have the same headache you had earlier..my head is pulsating 
My head hurts 
@butadream thanks! i have exams coming up soon as well.  and my mum was freaking out thinking i had swine flu *shakes head*
@ShadowDreamer i cant be bothered moving from the chair 
So so tired today  my head hurts and have heat bumps on my neck! I don't want to do anything tonight urgh.../grumpy
@freddurst i'd be satisfied with a lemon head, i just wish we werent fighting right now. 
kinda regrets becoming a pot head. You want it most when you ain't got it! 
twitter break. i need to rest. head aches 
My head hurts 
Haha I growled at my dog and she tilted her head and gave me the 'wtf is wrong with you' look then walked away 
get out of my head! 
@cgiridhar no boss. still trying to locate that 
My head hurts 
got hit on the head by a volley ball today 
@GenMom if the caffeine doesn't work, the next step is chopping my head off. this is a bad one 
Sickk..(N)  head hurts so muchh..
suffering from head spolodey disease 
my head aches 
grrr - if you always walk looking backwards you will sooner or later trip and break your neck (banging head on wall again, again, again 
@tommcfly that made my head hurt 
go away splitting sore head that is impervious to drugs. 
Exams ...... study is doing my head in 
My head still hurts   going to work anyway
boss is always right ...when he is wrong 
got a bad head ake 
has a head ache!! 
heads a fried potato 
My head hurts! 
@shizukera Tryign to get some writing accomplished, but my head hurts b/c they weather here can't make up it's mind between rain or shine 
woke up feelin like crap my head hurts 
would it be wrong to go lay in bed right now ? my head is pounding 
My head hurts 
Even after a lie down my head still kills like a bitch 
Total boers and if got a sore head! 
i really hate revising it is so boring and dosnt go to ur head 
my head hurts 
My head aches  I feel a little off.
http://twitpic.com/6nkxq - the full head of hair, excuse the rest of me 
Just finished crying really hard...my head hurts now! 
@morganjmontgom she just lost her womanhood yesterday-she is so sad looking with her cone on her head 
Head still pounding 
my head and heart are going to explode.  
no more mark's gospel  my head hurts  it's friday 
still has glass in her head. hurts like a bitch! 
@pherny is it a panoramic shot bc my head looks really wide 
My head is pounding, I can't stop sneezing, and I can't breathe, and my body is tense! 
My head hurts too much. 
body doesn't want to listen to the priorities my head made 
my head hurts 
Head hurts. 
but my head hurts bad -_- 
Head to the ache 
I keep having bad head aches!! I'm getting scared 
@beckyystarzzz they dont play the full song though! thats what does my head in 
My head hurts. 
shaving heads 
My poor doggie was running and hit his head on this statue we have...I kept telling ppl 2 move it.  Now his head is all cut up &amp; bleeding 
i have a head ache 
my head hurts 
@gabtroublemaker IKR!i love that song!i just have the outline in my head, but i dont think i have a big enough paper &lt;/3 
@inkandchaos You hit the nail square on the head when you say monsters. The sad thing is they probably actually have children 
Hoping i make it to vibe before tc plays. And before my head explodes. Unfortunatly, its not looking good for either. 
my neck and shoulder are bloody killing me, I can't turn my head right and anytime I stop moving my head my neck goes stiff as a board! 
ow my head, wtf.  someone gimme some love. and aspirin.
I've been fucked at handball, my leg hurts  and my head is burningggg.
My head kinda hurts 
I have a slight head ache 
Hates when pple don't keep to their words or at least make an effort too!!!! Argggh...I need to scream..but my head hurts 
Going home head hurts too much 
I'm very lazy to get up my head from my fluffy pillow 
banging my head against the desk, trying to organize my forum  
@lisaabrons ooh! have fun...jamie and i were going to go, but i am disabled with a head/neck-ache that is not condusive to large crowds 
@angeladegaitas or be a big fat bitch head  or at least come tomorrow!
my head hurts from all the screaming 
Why does it feel like it's 10 pm at 7?! I have a head ache..  
 valued member of our team just skipped town due to annoying exec...~sighs~
head hurts 
Relaxing at home, I want to read eclipse but I have a head ache 
@journiepants omg it is sad  theyre trying to catch a bull by its things on their head wtf?
who know a new song that says party on the dance floor in it? its stuck in my head and i cant figure it out 
I feel like doing something, but my head hurts 
my head hurts 
Head hurts so much 
A rush of blood to the head 
i just banged my head off the top bunk so hard i think i'm tweeting dead....  
@corpses my eyes are about to fall outta my head though and I am in bed 
I hate it when the barometric pressure changes.  Hurts my head. 
rad someone just dumped water on my head  jerkkkk
My head is sprouting nubbies LOL I haven't shaved my bollah head in 3 days grrr I'm starting 2 hate it 
goodnight everyone, my head hurts 
@thecutiedisease It's head had been bleeding a little and one of it's eyes is swollen shut. 
@charlottekane I've tryed but none of it will stay in my head 
meiosis and genetics over and over again are giving me severe internal head injuries 
I am absolutely freezing, hungry, sore head and i have no clothes to wear. 
My head just got slammed in the wall  I can't do none though
I feel like my head is going to explode  ...but so excited about things!
drinking+trampoline wrestling ain't no way to live  someone rub my head
red wine has given me an ouchy head 
@Hammerette_ you wouldn't be jealous now my tongue has been replaced with carpet and my head is pounding 
Head hurts 
watching the devinci code. my head hurts and i miss faith  fuck
raged at myself tbh  and my head is bangin :'( x
@jadoon88 and the silencer in clogged - i have smog in my head now .. 
Ugh. My poor head. 
So bored. I can't actually keep all this information in my head!!!!! 
I just sneezed again and my head phones fell out  Lol
I don't remember hitting my head on the retard wall 
says my head hurts..lack of sleep maybe  http://plurk.com/p/yu9pp
Head hurtin 
says my head hurts  http://plurk.com/p/yv1kg
wishes she had a long straw so she didn't have to lift her head 
my head feels like its going to implode 
@stewartcutler and now you're on the way back with a very sore head and feeling sick 
tired..Head pounding.. 
Head hurts, coldness, feel a bit faint, dizzy...But on a more important note...its my birthday 2 weeks today 
my head still hurts  damn ... stress??
gettin such a sore head 
chuck in 3d without 3d glasses is making my head hurt 
owwwwww my head hurts 
I wanna go back to sleep.  and my head hurts.
my head hurts 
Head hurts now 
@Crtone my head hurts. 
I think it's time for bed, my head feels like it's been smashed in with a hammer 
My head hurts 
i fell asleep so i done no studying  i guess i need to get my head down tomorrow
I just got a head rush so bad I fell over.  that's never a good sign.
@mizsprieta i have &amp; it still wont go away  ahahaha i wanna cut my head off it hurts so bad ahahaha
I think im about 2 head north 2 c my mom. Things dont look so good 
@salandpepper not bad thanks, apart from my youngest seriously doing my head in 
my head is aching  and not even from a self induced hangover...how rubbish!
Today has been so tiring. And it doesnt help my hayfever is doing my head in. 
chemistry is making my head spinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
is laid looking at my computer screen through my hands cos my head hurts baaaddd  cheer me up
I have such a sore head. 
twitter makes my head hurt!     and my trust issues flare up!
Why does my head hurt? 
 just busted my head on my friends windshield. i hurt.
wat can i do to stop my head from hurting like crazy? 
I have a huge headache right now. There's a pounding in my head..make it stop 
@nicolah even when turn my head, i feel a stinging in my ear! wtf!? 
My head hurts  bedtime me thinks!
intended to get some early sleep, but needed to get some code out of my head first 
Just got out of shower.... taking a nap. Head still hurts 
ughhhh bored, tired, and my head hurts like you wouldn't believe 
 damn wendy's commerical got that damn song in my head.
spongebob squarepants! that song is in my head 
my head hurts... 
@SarahNics basically... head + wall moment  I think I may just kick it and go to bed 
My head hurts 
has a head ache 
Now they're playing *head*-de-ball-to-de-keeper... 
I feel like shittt my head is dying I cant  sleep cause it hurts too much 
my head hurts 
Now have a lump the size of gibralter on my forehead cause I walloped my head in work today 
head achee. advil is so not helping right now 
Head hurts bad 
my head hurts so much 
didnt get to drive to day  and i cant get my head out of driving mode!!
Head still hurts a little too much. No run for me today  Looking at an early dinner with the house guest and off to sleep.
@rondra32: @CalendarGirl09 @mrslizz *hangs head* sorry girls 
@BoneHI  keep your head up my brother
@mrstephens85 my head hurt hella bad 
 my head hurts
Head colds suck! 
I dont like when my head hurts 
@SonyPS3Sucks its always a lie :/ and Glados is a mean female voice in my head 
@GideonGirl if I get the hiccups I'll seriously have them for the entire day and they make my head hurt. 
I'm so confused and the cough syrup is fucking with my head. I don't understand 
doesnt feel so well, all this nonsense is making my head hurt 
my head hurts sooooo bad and i have to get soooo much done b4 i go to sleep  BLAHHHHHHHH
I feel like shit  tumtum hurts and head does too
head ache 
My head hurts 
I am awake.... which is a good thing.... it's too early and my head hurts  not good
@JanicePhua It was nice to meet you toooo, sorry I was like half dead cause my head was spinning 
Head hurting, seems I'm (obviously) not 20 anymore 
I need a personal assistant.. 
feels like crap  eyes, head, stomach all in pain &gt;_&lt;
It's 3:20 and I'm not really tired, and my sinuses are bad so my head is killing me 
my head hurts.. 
head hurts 
my head hurts... 
Ugh, I think I'm getting a cold again. I hate runny noses. They make my head hurt 
head hurts bigtime 
ergh. this cold's doing the head in 
@NovaWildstar Awww but I have a list of comments running through my head 
being startled awake by a huge crash of lightning next to your head is yelping material...scary 
the easel is calling, but my head is aching 
@EskimoJoelted shocking! I shouldn't have napped,my head hurts 
dreamt about you again last night, why can't you get out of my head 
i nearly fell off my chair 
ouchhh! my head hurts after wacking my head of my friends table last night!  got a huge egg shaped lump as my wound 
Just watched a girl wipe out horse jumping. She head planted the ground and is now in the ambulance. 
my head is hurting. some sinus trouble, i think. 
Ouch, sore head.  I bought suntan lotion  and it smells really nice  x
I don't like when big spiders are near my head when i'm in bed. 
my head is so sore and i have no tablets  boo hoo
Head hurts 
nearly bought a neon head collar and lead rope....but i didnt 
Ahoo hoo hoo, got a head ache 
Much more of this and I'm going to start slamming my head on the kitchen counter. 
@IBandBAMfan I can't get the song out my head! And what's worse is that I don't remember the rest of the words 
@hotteayummy: i wish he wasn't such a fuck-head. 
my head hurts... a lot 
Head hurts 
i have a head ache 
Head is pounding.. 
my head hurts 
ughhh. i'm so tired. just woke up with my head hurting 
my sister just poked my head w/ a fork. 
It feels there there is a firework display going on in my head!!! bad times 
My head is killing me right now :s, pills are not working for me anymore 
Projective geometry is going to make my head explode 
soooo wricked     seem my head go to explode
too bad headaches don't go away by just tilting your head. 
feel like my head just came out of a vacuum and it looks like it did too 
no concussion, but my head still hurts like a mother. my neck hurts too 
Watching tv in my jammies getting my head together for another weeks work. 
my head hurts a lot 
@m_kellogg lol I appreciate it. We decided 2 just head home after we knew the guys were on the stage. 
hit my head yesterday on a table and the area is really sensitive, hurts, and I have a mini headache again  ouchies
i messed up my neck this morning while brushing my hair. i can't move my head to the right 
Where is my football head? 
gisele got out the shower and she had a wrap around her head. she looked muslim i begged her to do a middle eastern accent but she didn't 
My head hurts 
head hurts 
my head is just killing me. pain killers, caffeine, nothings helping. 
@niqya @30seconds2paija my head hurts and im sooooo tired 
i have a big knot on the top of my head..it hurts lots. 
Head hurts 
My favorite manager ever is transferring 
@telemaniatik and yes I'm still sick  I think I have a cold that's why my head is exploding! 
Is so doped up on vicodin, and so out of it, I just passed out in the shower. Now my head hurts. 
@DopeScience ...i....didn't visit you like i promised? *lowers head in shame* i'm so sowwy 
my head hurts 
thinking about going to besties house and laying my head on her shoulder so she can listen to the words i say and understand.  i &lt;3 herr.
my head is gunna be fuckin mashed... i want an alt... i feel left out!  lmao
About to finish wathcing this game and probably head to bed....my head hurts little. 
My head hurts 
wondering how in going to sleep with all these thoughts in my head. 
Head and tooth  hurts. 
My head says its bed time but my stomach says no! 
getting very sleepy...bout 2 head 2 bed alone 
@_annie2 @davidismyangel Thanks, i'm not sneezing as much but my head hurts. 
@suzannahcalhoun keep your head up sweet girl!! 
i guess it is what it is. . i still have a million questions in my head 
i cant sleeeeep. and my head hurts. and i want someone to take care of me 
my head hurts. 
DND I have a migrain...i think my head might explode 
need new head phones  ipod just isnt the same when its not able to go full blast
my head hurts like hell. 
my head hurts. 
throbbing head ache.... 
head ache 
my head hurts 
got a big headache autsch....trying to hold my head high 
gah I miss u.. You kept popping into my head when I was doing practice anxiety tasks for music  sux that I can't txt u 
@dearvienna mimi . i am so bored  and my head hurts ouch.
sick; like dieing. my head is killing me and I can't move  god it's so bad! blehhhhhhh.. head mouth throat back shoulder legs stomach hurt
@ohohvanity whats been goin on?  keep your head up
i got sunburned on my shoulders and on my head  yowch! im sad dload is over for the year :&lt;
has a moer of a head ache 
getting ready &amp; going to my salon to see if my lady can fix this mess on top of my head 
trying to get economics in my head.... but i got a headache 
my head hurts so bad  any suggestions on how to make it feel better??
@mormolyke I will have these huge spider images floating through my head if I ever try to visit your home continent. 
@oprahspinfrey time to put the pt out in the pasture. bullet to the head. 
I'm not feeling happy in my head. It feels disconcerting. 
@KRANGofEZACCESS I had to shake my head at that tomfoolery!!! I'm hungry 
gotta stop reading now. head is killing me. roll on painkillers 
And I have a big ugly spot on my cheek.I HAD to squeeze it as it had a big head and looked ugly 
my head hurts and i can't stop sneezing.    oh well life goes on!!!
Head hurts ouch 
i hate this job. i almost think banging my head into the wall would feel better... 
can't get his head around this plugin 
My head hurts sooooo bad  it's no fun! Blergh!
so tired after today! and my throat and head are killing! i wanna go to bed 
@EJayOkay  and the half-shaved head??  why??? 
Parents have total lack of trust.  do my head in sometimes 
i gots a sore head 
my head hurts so bad 
head hurts sooooo much. 
I'm hungry  my head hurt
My head band broke  so sad.
@LeaBensen it cut my bloody head off  this is seriously bad leaaaa xxx
sick. threw up. its hard to hold my head up. and typing is making me tired. hopefully whatever this is doesnt last long. 
@RuthFor yey! at the moment i'd be happy wit satisfactory with the head i've got 
going to bed shortly, this weather has me feeling like crap, like a ten ton weight is sitting over my head &amp; holding my eyelids down 
I barely woke up, my head hurts and I feel like throwing up 
still banging my head with word automation. 
Head ache 
my head hurts 
My head hurts 
trying to relax. got a sore head 
@xenon21 my head hurts tonight too 
my little head hurts 
Looking for some music for my car journey tomorrow before heading to bed. So tired again and have a really bad head ache 
This chair is no helping my already suffering back! 
Just Passed out outside.... my head hurts now 
My head hurts and I have to go to a meeting for work. 
Ouch my head hurts 
My head hurts 
Ahhh my head hurts soo bad  I'm about to start crying.
head surgery 
I'm banging my head against the wall repeatedly. I really messed up in class! 
my head hurts!!! and im bored  #fb
just woke up from a nap still out of it. my head is splitting. 
head ache 
my head hurts 
can you believe. i'm shopping but my head hurts and i feel like shit. WTF! 
layin here watchin a movie with a fever burnin on my head 
@jenthegingerkid oh no. makes me shake like a crack head 
ow, migraine... head could explode at any moment... only I'm not that lucky. 
i hit my head on the stairs going to my basement. and now i have a killer headache 
... ugh i dont even think coffee is going to help! my head just wants to hit my pillow   i NEED exspresso! lololol
bed time now methinks. my head is faaar too blurry ;D i miss @jayechan_ and @promisepromise and bee  ily @sadiiiefidget
I'm sick and my head hurts so baaad 
My head hurts from studying. 
pretty sure I am about to have my head in the toliet  bad news bears
My head hurts a lot, and I'm tired... I want my mommy... 
Why does my head hurt THIS bad?? 
I'm going to need at least one more cup of coffee to get through this nightshift. Head is not in a good place right now 
@mothman i'm doing ok..weather is changing again so my head is starting to hurt 
i need to pray more. I'm full of anger again.... in my head 
My head is killing and I feel nauseas but the fireworks haven't even started yet 
Needs to go to the dr, my head won't quit hurting 
@benjaminsummers just destroyed me in monopoly . . . i bow my head in shame 
ugh my head hurts! 
so i tried to go to bed but everytime i shut my eyes they wonder around in my head. man this sucks i have to be to work in like 6 hours 
Ahh. Head hurts 
@torihf my head got so big.    I'm suprised I was able to function so well the next day!
Just got sucker punched in the head while at the beach?? Really? 
My head hates me 
Sadness my head hurts  I really wanna work on this lab.
my head hurts 
my head hurts and all i can hear on the other side of the phone is snoring 
After washing my hair about 20 times the chicken smell is gone, but my head hurts. 
my head hurts 
@ThisIsTRACYJ rip ja  i'm so sorry, i still can't believe it, with his huge head always looking in the window, he was the best .. awww 
i got a bump on my head and it really hurts  random bump...dont know how it got there...what a mystery
i have a sore head 
i can't stop sneezing, and my head starts to ache 
@nadhiyamali yea...i do realise it but can't seem to understand the head or toe!  @thenewbnb
lol my dog is giving himself head 
i have a headache and the hick ups and everytime i hick up it hurts my head 
many things goin rnd in my head! Not good 
I fell of the top of my bunk-bed head first, trying to save my pillow  It realy hurt 
Just rested his heavy head ! For half an hour, stil tired 
my head hurts so badly.  http://plurk.com/p/11bueb
there's a volcano in my head!  and i've got a paper to sit for tmr!  
just sitting at my nans bored out my head 
my head is starting to hurt with all these informations... 
going to work but my head is still in my pillow 
@holmpat no way! I need to track down mr motivator immediately!! oh my head hurts  how are your bruises?
i'm a mess. my head is spinning and i'm confused.  not a good day
@JosephMiller___ i did try to. but i cudnt get the saw around my big head 
can't turn his head  This will require physio, methinks...
my head is killing me!  anyone know whats up with headaches like this?
Not feeling well today, my head, my throat, not good 
I must've slept in a strange position because I can't turn my head right without it hurting 
Freaking out b/c my son fell and hit his head and has a huge bump already! 
@icaughtfire09 that would be awesome because i have everything planned out in my head  lol   if not i can find something else to do 
off to play more ToW. I can't beat the last boss 
@islesrebelangel i'm sorry your head hurts   i hope it gets better soon!  take anything yet?
i can't feel my head, i have an explosive headache. son of a bitch 
@trexsandwich Money?  Sadly is the only reason I can think of, baby. *pats your head*
@mycameraandi maybe. anyway, @danlavie is on it now  believe me, this is a major head ache 
I have such a kink in my neck that I can't work out  &amp; its making my head feel all woozy
I think I am finally getting sick, my head hurts, my nose is stopped up, and I have slept all afternoon 
@SuperRecords okay, you had to say it, now its in my head! - i just got shouted at for singing it  - doing my parents heads in ! wahoo!x
is a head full of biochem 
fell asleep at the computer just woke and my head hurts so bad 
you guys. there's no more hockey. what is going to distract me from this head cold and sunburn, and the mess in this apt? 
i cannot turn my head i slept bad lastnight... my neck hurt soo bad! 
pulled something in my neck at the gym and eff does it hurt!! I can barley turn my head 
feels sick again and getting a wore head 
My..my..my...head hurts 
@collegiate lol i dont think im contagious, jeffrey just had to sleep with the window open and now my head is about to fall off 
@thatlass not suprised after recent press *hangs head and shakes it slightly* 
my head hurts...  http://plurk.com/p/11ep9t
@Kelly62 some of that is a bit over my head. can't quite figure out the question.  I must study more.
oh great... i dont know if it is possible but i drank juice an now my head hurts even more 
@allenmonroeiii *hangs head in shame and sorrow*  I know, I know... 
holy cow! staring at this darn screen is giving me such a head ache  Hopefully this day flies by because my head is going to explode!
And she's always telling me my boss is only nice to me because i'm new.  I like to think he's nice because we get along.
Silly boy get out off my head 
my head hurts  and i'm going to sleep&amp; i'm going to dream all over again :$
@lynsoliver My head says nooo, but my pocket says a resounding yes.  
Raindrops keep falling on my head  ... when it's so crappy out... what do you do?
Just managed to nearly knock myself out by banging my head on a drawer 
my head is bout to explode. pressure headache. 
Whhhhhy does my head hurt 
i think i may be getting a migraine.  my head hurts really bad
bored out my head lol,, school tomoz 
has got a horriblr head ache 
having a head ache 
@TiffanyLD i feel you, only my eyes are fine it's my head that's killing me  feels like it's inflated from the stupid tree pollen
@viltefelt pictures look great vilte!  sorry your head hurts 
gettin a head ache 
my head hurts 
@hilaurenjohnson you better hurry back here my heads about to explode 
Shit i just hit my head on the wall how upsetting  baaaa
disappointed  ugh and i have the prayer video stuck in my head?!!!
It playyyys over in myy head everyyytime im in myyy bed , s m h 
my head needs major ice 
doneeeeeeeeee, head hurts 
@KSchmidt4 shakes head in disappointment  lol
carpal tunnel pain rearing its ugly head again 
I have such a bad head ache rite now 
My head feels liked a clogged toilet 
Hanging my head in shame 
@peterfacinelli i wish i can have the chair...but sounds dreaming 
my head is going to explode, ahhh!! major headache. 
my head hurts and i have flue  not one of my best days
Does a past decision ever just randomly pop into ur head and u start thinking if it was the right one...its to late to take it back 
why does my head hurt so bad? 
I just hit my head so freaking hard on the corner of a  shelf above my bed. I'm gonna have a huge bump 
@EloisaJB you suppose ? meanie head. 
my head hurts again 
I shaved my head bald, and not on purpose 
damn the devil to hell! what the fuckery??? i don't understand lost... my head hurts! osh 
My head hurts and my vision is messed from getting jumped... im not feeling so great... 
@silver91485 I saw that skull head vodka... And it made me think of you. 
mixed up feelings....exhausted....but gotta hold my head high 
head hurts! i really need to sleep more. contract 
my head is one fire 
i feel like pasta haha. sooooper dooooper bored.nothing to do  grounded! ugggh. i have the rocklobster song stuck in my head.bahahaha
my head is uber full of snot. 
my head hurts 
Man, take away the pain in my head! 
hates getting silly songs suck in her head. 
My head hurts. 
Still feeling poopy. Head hurts so bad I can hardly hold it up. 
Head is hurting from putting together ough!!all loads of legal stuff     i WILL win though!
pretty sure i whacked my head this afternoon too  dang
my head hurts very much 
@mulletmonitor  I hope you cried like a small child. Preferably banging your fists on the desk and throwing back your head.
Head = Pounding .. belly churning!  boooooooooo! bad week!
Why must my head hurt so much?!  have had a headache for several days now.
I feel tired and it's going to rain and my head hurts. 
i feel like shat,my head hurts and i wanna hurl.ugh 
i dunno why that song is in my head  . . .  i wanna go back to sleepp
ouchhhh, my head hurts so much. it feels like someone threw a door at it 
I'm feeling very ill today  didn't go to work, my head aches...and I think I've got temperature...
I feel like my head is going to explode. I think I'm getting sick. 
Tired and bored and i've another head ache  lunch was poor yet again  just want to crawl somewhere and die
waiting for my email to work again  honestly it is doing my head in.
So irked right now at this training. I cant my eyes open or my head up 
So irked right now at this training. I cant keep my eyes open or my head up 
I'd like a new head please... one that doesn't hurt 
My head hurts! 
@SoFloBoJo did you decide?? Also, feel better!! And sorry I barely responded last night, was sooooooo sick and could barely lift my head 
my head hurts 
Ouch my head, please make the pain stop  But in better news I am feeling a little bit better than yesterday.
I don't feel me so much good!!! so many thoughts for the head!! 
my head hurts!  damn the side effects of drink!!
oh I think my head is going to explode..!! I hate headache 
 i so wish my head would sort itself out, god i hate being 15 sometimes! 
my head is fucking killing me.    took some paracetamol, but it hasn't started working yet.
heh apparently my head got bigger because my headband no longer fits so when I wear it, I get a headache 
@dioramicview just today. Who gets sick in the summer?  Head hurts &amp; achy...I want my bed. 
my head hurts 
My head hurts.  got hit in the head by an evil piece of falling timber!
got such a bad head, need some tablets 
I want to read, but my head and eyes hurt. 
My head hurts like freaking bad . Even the slightest movement feels like someone is punding my head with a hammer  I'm gonna die . help ?
trying to re-count my prints in my head, and I cant remember 
sore tummy, bloated and sore head  bath then bed for me 
lmao just hit my head on the back of my bed, ouch 
just woke up, i had a baaad dream and now i just can't get it out of my head 
@bosoxmas you fight the devil in your head too? Sucks. I'm feeling for ya 
I'm so sick!!! UGHH head hurts soo much 
i have the worst head/face ache! and i accidentally just kicked a bee when i was walking.. sorry bee 
@BeastOfBurdenJM raising hand butbi can't shave my head 
i feel like someone took a hammer to my head. Ahhh 
I just accidentally slammed my head against the edge of a table. Frinimey laughed. It hurts. 
eughhh too much wine, sore head 
my head is sooo sore. boo @ taking too many painkillers at once and notbeing able to take anymore! 
.. let someone talk me into a perm and if it doesnt get fixed soon i am going to pull a b. spears and shave my head  ..
head kills, time for bed 
@SooSpecial awww  feel better love don't stress too much keep your head up &amp; try to stay positive *hug*
my ipod head sets are all tangled up 
Finally home but my head hurts too much to even be happy about it. 
crying makes me hurt all over: my eyes and my head and my stomach and my heart  ..... why when one fight happens does another always start
My head is still pounding, even after the tylenol and napping 
I wasn't late this morning but my head hurts. 
I've got another head ache. What's up with that... 
my head hurts 
Head hurts  yuck.
I'm hoping when I wake up tomorrow, my head won't hurt so much! 
My head hurts 
Another day another head ache  .... all else is well, how is everyone.
says my head hurts!  http://plurk.com/p/11ri8a
How could anybody put a gun to a 9 yr old girls head &amp; pull the trigger? The news completely sickens me anymore 
ughhh i just bumped my head on the wall  got a bad bruise. isn't that nice? it just makes my bad day better! *rolls eyes*
Just, extremely clumsily, managed to totally pound my head on a door. Now I have a major headache and my neck is sore. 
I just banged the shit out my head! And it hurt  ..
My head hurts again  ugh and tomorrow I have to look through all my jeans boo thats boring
err my head is thumping, 
Holly hit me im the head with her spastic pen  now she is putting on a lisp
head ache. 
my head hurts 
my head hurts!  on my gramma status. haha.
my head is sploding (exploding), my throat is sore so i didn't sing today  and i feel like barfing. rock.the.fucking.house.
@jellyybeannn haha, c, In my head, by me singing, my reward was hearing you sing.  and u said u weren't gonna sing either way.
My head hurts 
@SCRUFFYSMOMMY no i am not. sorry i asked her but she has me as like a head person at camp now. so  sorry
Not a single smack upside the head? 
this sucks. so many things going through my head... 
i cant sleep..uhhh my head hurts    im feeling really lonely.
In the cinema with media lol. Head is fuckin killing me. I may vomit 
This is starting to get tedious... my head hurts and my tummy rumles 
heading to work early to get a head start on all my crap---ugh I hate even talking about it. 
I'm a full on dick head, feel free to kick me 
my head hurts 
@hennasooq I'm trying the wrap my head around it but it's not working.  
I feel like someone hit me over the head with a hammer 
@hulalah (i hate how this thing has a word limit) and about the head thing, i was just telling. head injuries are DANGEROUS 
having a massage of my head, its paining like hell 
my head is hurting  ..... i guess ill take my pill now!
sitting here.. so congested  shoot me in the head
My head is burning from the dye 
And I accidentally squished it when I rolled my chair back!!! 
Head is killing me..  why does this keep happening to me at work?
This pimple is growing a head of its own. I think the rain is encouraging it 
@sorcha69 I've been rather busy lately and don't think it's going to get any better over the next few weeks  also got bad head cold 
@katieeelouu can you come overr tonightt? p.s. im sad i didnt get to see you shave your brothers head, ahah 
scratching my head over my tax return docs... 
I'm a seinor now so I'm thinking about college and it's making my head hurt 
I just sneezed &amp; it made my head hurt. 
my head hurts 
oh..my..head....help....i can't read or play any rpg 
My head feels like its being squished by a vice 
Early morning seizure, foaming at the mouth, eyes rolled back in head, ambulance ride... and i remember none of it. 
have a sore head and i am so bored its unbelievable. help!!! 
pff... my head hurts 
Still cant upload a pic, doin my head in grrrrrr  
think my brain is too big for my head 
head-ache. and i can't go bowling 
ugghhhh....head itches from these kinky twists!! 
my head hurts 
I dead ass about to pumping iron @wallieee came at my head yesterday said I need to get my weight up 
gaah my head hurts 
major head ache!!! 
@MontyTheMack  thats that bull...my head hurts when i dozed off my head hit the desk :/....im plottin on if i can sneak outta here -_o lol
omg the actual homework is over my head 
hope this rain clears up soon. my head feels like it's in a vice. even silence hurts 
head hurts  sade faced
My head burns 
Oh no I'm in bed again, my temperature is rising again, since I feel cold and my head is starting to ache... 
has just filled in the application form.. Its hard to make yourself sound good without feeling a big head  x
My head is still all kinds of fuzzy weirdness 
um,, my head like hurts. real bad. 
The pain the currently resides in my head makes me 
i shoulda gone home, my head hurts 
My head hurts 
Head hurts, body starting to ache...think my roomie gave me the flu 
My head is peeling all dirty, it hurts. 
My head has a heartbeat 
My head hurts 
@nixhurley :O you betch! I finally got that song out of my head... and now I'm gonna start singing it again 
the 100 degree statesboro weather is causing me to have a major head ache 
My head hurts 
Freaking A my head hurts 
Head hurts like the other day... 
Head pains plus hunger pains is not a good thing 
My head feels like it is going to implode form all the calculus studying  #Snacktastic
My head hurts 
hi my head hurts alott 
Head ache 
@r0e19xoxo and I cracked my head and we were all huddled up together. I was so scared there too 
my head hurts so bad 
My head hurts cus so much water got in my ears 
tired of niggas forreal..taking a bubble bath..needa clear my head 
my head hurts  I need a hug
(@hollywoody) my head hurts  I need a hug
and guess whatt?! my head sttill hurts 
why does my head hurt so much? 
feeling super-sick after getting hit in the head way hard 
@ChelsieSaid @_taylortrash_ It's a heart with head phones, twidroid won't let me upload it  But it's all disproporionate!
my head hurts... 
@humetewow got damn black sabbath stuck in my head!! 
  my head is killing meee
My head hurts. 
my head feels like a big back of rocks...  sucks.
My brain hurts, too much information stuck in the head. 
i have an icepack on my head  .
she just hit me in the head. she's as strong as 30 men. 
my head is killin me .  i miss andrew.  that 70's show is a RERUN 
My head hurts 
my head hearts  xx
too much paint.... my head hurts. 
@x33ieroNINJA *crosses arms &amp; shakes head* No! .. Okayyy,  But, only for an hour!! &amp; since I'm bein so nice don't use all the fairy dust!
woot..just got home. my head hurts 
i think i got a concussion last night. my head hurt... 
My fuckin head hurts  wahhh going home in a mintue
I can't sleep  restless thoughts floating around my head
procrastination running circles in my head 
the cappuccino is still sick, even after replacing the head gasket.  apparently this means there's a crack in the cylinder head itself 
@bluebus i feel your pain, for i to suffer from having a head too big for standard hats 
my head hurts really bad 
It's not that it was hard, just long. It made my head all fuzzy, and my hand hurt 
man my legs r killing me and my head is still drilling  im so deved lol
@green_shoes she bumped her head pretty hard, but she has a seizure disorder so it happens from time to time 
playing keyboard n singing.. trying to compose but seems like nothing is coming out of the head 
What a craziee morning.. Too much has been going through by head!! 
feel like I slept with my head in a bucket of pollen 
has an achey head and its sore 
@FallOutSteg haha yea too much dancin and head banging! U shudda came  But love the tattoo! 
MOOOORNING WORLD!! my head is itchy. 
got up. my head hurts 
my head hurts 
so sick  head's pounding.
My manager just quit 
@perrycpb why do you insist on walking by me &amp; ignoring me. iCant deal  I almost threw my croissant at your head. That is all.
my head hurts and i cant breathe out of my nose 
Feels like shit on a stick. Not just shit, mind you- but shit that has been placed on a stick. Head hurts, nauseous, dizzy, tired... 
my head's been hurting for the past 3 days. i wish i knew why. 
My head feels like its going to explode 
slept to long my head hurts  bah!
Stupidfuckingboys goddammit get out of my head 
@mileycyrus Thanks, now I'm going to have that song stuck in my head all day 
my head hurts!! 
@CalebFTSK is a liar and would HOPEFULLY never shave his head............ 
Downloads going wrong obviously  it's doing my head in !
Head hurts! 
I feel so ill  I feel like I've got a golf ball in my throat and have been knocked over the head with a hammer
my head hurts 
poundin head ache 
Its so freaking busy in the office my head is spinning and my neck is sore oh no  I need a massage!!!! http://myloc.me/4w5O
@an12ew it really did. I have a flat head now 
i a now taking care of my nephew and i bumped into his head and now my nose hurts. 
Note to self: Never lay head on a backpack with a banana inside. 
uh waiting for this day to be over..screaming children make my head hurt 
gary papa died  philly heads, you will know who i am talking about. i feel sad.
wow. im hungry, my head hurts, and i jus realized gas prices are over 3 dollars 
hates when headbands hurt my head 
Something is buzzing around my head &amp; I don't like it 
head is spinning and cant get to sleep...its already 6.25am in the morning 
Has a head ache 
wet from head to toe... 
@ArpiCmonNow lol.im about 2 head out in this traffic right now 
head hurts 
Just bought some a new candle and reed dispenser and it smells so good, but i've been shopping all day so my head hurts 
I just hit a fly away from me and knocked my earbuds out..and somehow conked myself in the head with one 
@timmelko I have two songs stuck in my head 
looking back (to this afternoon when I got it), I hate my yearbook pic! I look like an absolute shit-head  LOL
ugggh i feel like a huge sack of poop. I do not feel good @ all  my head is poundin like crazy
Just had the chills so bad I almost fell out my chair 
im hungry, and my head hurts 
@_StudMuffin im shaving my head...my barber got booked  i fuckin lagged it to long cuz i been hoppin on one foot. i think i need goose!!
Scratching my head trying to figure out why my webpage isn't working 
I think I mis-measured Lolly's mouthplate. The gasket rubber won't lay down flat when I put the plate in the puppet head. 
I'm sick of thinking! my head hurts 
The concert is over....  but the song is stuck in my head 
#dontyouhate getting kneed in the head.. like me 
@CalebFTSK please don't shave your head!	 
Head hurts 
I have a killer head ache. Right Brian fyou 
#inaperfectworld I wouldnt be over my head with student loans 
i feel like shite. if i dont sleep tonight my head will implode. i cant even smoke a cigarette i'm so tired 
@GCofOBM I decided to get on the train and head back. I'm so tired 
It's 1:45am and I have the worst headache. All I want to do is sleep and my stupid head won't let me. 
My head hurts. 
I can't sleep  i have gimme a call stuck in my head. And although it is an amazing song it is annoying me. 
@redvers @kelliesimpson group of lads trying to kick a lads head in and tried to help 
My head hurts from thinking so late 
my head hurts really bad 
it's been too long since I knew anyone willing to give road head 
My head hurts. 
@breckland have thick head now 
But still has her massive head ache hahaa wait its so not funny  'sighs'
my head hurts, my nose is stuffed and I can't sleep no more. so far I hate this day! 
@parny  mmm never good in the sleep dept always too much going on in my head 
headache after my youngest jumped my head yesterday. 
Morning what a lovely day althought the hayfever is doing my head in! 
Still has that head ache. 
@haraya what?! poor van gogh!! first his ear and now his head!! 
I am severely worried because at four o'clock my hair is bieng shaved off (on my head). 
My head hurts. 
@juna_vital i cant sleep  i think my head is el brokeno... lol....
woo im so hot now lol... my head ache is starting to come back again 
I didn't expect her to be in my head so long afterwards... But she is and it hurts 
ughh my head hurts so bad and I can't sleep still! This is ridiculous 
Just watched some twat drive head first into my car. I'm not amused! 
heart, head and eyes are aching 
and i had about 10 dreams  too much for my little head so now I'm a bit tired, unhealthily to sleep that long 
Also not excited that I seem to have a head cold.   
I feel sick. I have no voice. And my head is clogged. What a great day 
lounging about.... got a sore head 
I shuda stayed asleep .....my head hurts 
your like a song stuck in my head. i wonder if you miss me like im missing you. i wouldent get my hopes up. 
My head hurts so bad. 
nope...my head's gone. can't concentrate at all on what I need to do 
@NerdAtCoolTable: I've been missing your tweets  where u been big head?
My head hurts so bad that my vision is blurry 
Rough morning...   head spinning.
Has a sore head  this cant be good! x
My head hurts 
@haraya  well find someone to weld his head back together again 
OH NO!!! i just broke a chair!!! i guess it's now confirmed: i AM heavy 
my head's killing meeeeee. 
trying to stay out of the way and hold my head straight. I slept wrong and have a horrible crick in my neck...no looking to the left 
 my head hurts so bad.
has a sore head.  #fb
just got back from the pooll!!! and got hit in the head with a football!! 
boredd out my head, grounded  stuck in while all my mates are out!!
@naseemfaqihi btw I know what you mean. I cant get the image out of my head. 
@JustShemaBaby shaking my head right now @modelchick2 
sore head and back  bought a g-star hoodie to make me feel better 
My arms are full of brusies and my head is still spinning 
sitting with dye on my head smells great 
My head is killing me  It's so so bad right now, and the painkillers aren't working!
Head hurts 
my head hurts 
it's silly to be so sad over something so not important... but i am and i can't get my head to get off it 
my head hurts from i duno what-got damn work soon 
I feel weak and have a head ache 
being very bored and has a really sore cut on her head  boohoo
definitely need a fucking drink to clear my head 
My head hurts.  
@stephmccall but I felt like I had to the voices in my head told me too 
can't be ace's official assistant anymore 
Thinking too much. Head hurts. 
I can't find any sunglasses to suit my odd shaped head 
head.ache. 
I need a new head for my driver. I'm broke today.... 
So much going on in my head, in my heart...I don't know what 2 make of it all... 
i'm going to bathe the puppy. i miss my loverla loserkins meany head 
haha i have been checking!just nothing to say as all i do study  i cant do much more studyy elllleee my head hurts i feel yuck...lu
I think my forehead is growing! Head hurts too bad hrs of pain 
my head hurts!!!   i took 3 aleve and it hasnt done shit!!
http://twitpic.com/7ymrb - Head dropped in shame - I am embarrassed 
owwww. my head hurts  i dont even know y...
My head hurts!   ( tear tear)
the meanest headache son..  feels like my heart is beatin in my head.
I'm going to go lay down before my head explodes. 
Wishing i could go 2 nags head 2 see my whole family 
my head is now falling like yesterdaaaay  and dont know what to think once again!
@Stelicecreep i wish i had a jonas brother to kiss my head and make it feel better 
Oh no, dearest just banged her head against the plaza sing carls jr logo while picking up my laptop! 
If I was in dc I wld be doing blow w/@jchase85 and then taking shots to the head.I'm in the chi being bored 
My lamp is randomly attacking my head. It now hurts. 
@Dasit And now that song will be stuck in my head. 
ok goodnight tweeps. my head hurts and it wont go away 
I think I'm going to try and head to my bed in a few minutes. I still feel not so good. I'm hydrated, but my mind is still... 
@nerissa02 I would but my head hurts 
i would hate to have my head in a water box 
@edwood_jr I have rum lol but no money to buy jager. I want coedine actually, my head hurts and I have to go to school tomoz 
my head hurts 
@paperclipface it's okay; she's fine. I terrified her, though, and she jumped and startled me and I jumped and hit my head on a table 
My head hurts 
my two sisters abandoned me  home now, damn tired, sleepy head
restless like always..and a reallyy stiff neck  cant even put my head up
I got headache on my left head. 
I have the worst head ache 
ahh i cant find my black head ban 
damn my head hurts 
My head hurts 
sore throats and heads abound in the M-P household 
@MizzTeeze F1 on later, also suffering from spinny head syndrome as well 
watching the fifth element now. still haven't had breakfast... can't get up my head feels really heavy... 
I can't get science in my head so boring 
ouchy, my head hurts 
Godam head, why do you have to ache  #oww #fb
 my head hurts.... joes fault...wanker...ghgo p ]# = kujhvc
 my head is sore. I just took some pain killer. I'm gonna diieeeee
my head hurts from the bump I caused myself yesterday 
@szhjunkie and my head hurts 
Just head butted the window haaawww major head ache 
I have one epic crick in my neck from falling asleep in the car with my head thrown right back over the headrest 
Oh my god my head hurts so damn bad!  I wanna sleep!
my head hurts :S  
My head hurts! I think I've got writers block 
my head hurts ; long weekend 
banged her head on the grass 
Head is sooo sore! 
this chair they so rudely replaced my desk chair with is very uncomfortable 
is tired of her head hurtin all the time 
 i just hit my head gettiing into the car
My head hurts so much. And I'm still so sleepy. 
my feed looks ... *shakes head* I may have to do some clean-up 
tired of everyones shit.  my head hurts, im tired, and summer is super boring. id rather be somewhere else right now. peace, 
@stephsill Don't put that idea in my head!!! Awww I want to see it  boo
my head hurts 
OMgosh I think i need to sleep now...my head keeps banging the computer's monitor...i got a tiny bump on my head 
my head hurts really bad 
My advisor accidentally punched me. I got a bruise 
my head hurts 
@repeattofade85 that's exactly me,stupid things get to me and stick in my head and I just badly stress 
i'm taking in painkillers tomorrow! my head/ear genuinely hurts 
@selenagomez I am upset and u know what would cheer me up! a reply ;P no but seriously my cell is being a shit head  it is fghjkojhgy xxx
my boss is leaving 
Ahhh freestyling syndrome  can't stop rhyming in my head!!
this month is finally catching up to me. I am sneezing, coughing, and aching in my head while still trying to write this inkblot report 
So much good tv on tonight. But my head hurts 
My head is pounding and my tummy is disagreeing with me. I feel like shit. 
head cold of doom 
It's my birthday and I'm in work... and I have a splitting head ache 
My head hurts!! Haven't had caffeine yet 
(banging my head against a wall) I'm just soooooo board 
My head hurts from all the stress I've been having lately! 
The worst head ache of all time. It sucks 
Swearing at my boss under my breath secretly wishing he could hear me 
Tired.. sore .. my head hurts  lame.
i just know i am going to peel right around my scalp... you all know how awful that is... flaky head  dang! i am very sad about this burn!
head cold sux. 
My head hurts.  
has an annoying song stuck in her head 
homee sickk   throat &amp;&amp; head kill. i'll be sleeping
my head is going to explode in a million pieces 
No Medication in house when need it... Head pounding 
My head hurts 
bad head-ache  i think i should turn off my pc...
Feels sick. Really cold, head ache, and very sleepy  
My lil head hurts 
At the dentist again  ugh my head hurts and I'm hungry!
i feel so ill  got a pounding head ache  i feel yuck  and just want to go sit on the toilet [too much info?] yet again 
ow my head hurts 
eaten too much haribo! major sugar related head ache....oh the come down is terrible 
the full length mirror jus fell on my head  lol
Mexicans just honked at me and the one stuck his head out the window to stare at me 
My head hurts, I'm tired, I'm bored, and my entertainment has gone home 
I have a head ache 
urgh. my head hurts 
ugh head throbbing i hope i dont get sick before thursday 
my head hurts...i miss all my friends 
head hurts  nap time. (ihope)
Head ache  
Has a bad head ache...!!!  think its time for bed! lol x
ihave a sore head!  
My neighbor just stopped by to show me she got her head shaved since she's leaving for the army in a week...   
omg my head feels like it's about to explode... i miss my mummy 
I can almost see it, that dream I'm dreaming but there's a voice inside my head saying you'll never reach it 
i have a head ache 
oww my head hurts 
coughed so hard last night i feel like my head is going to explode 
my head hurts 
has a headache on the right side of her head and it is currently throbbing  http://plurk.com/p/13dcid
it's so quite I hear a clock ticking n the other room, ticking so loud that's all I hear &amp; made it into beat n my head &amp; can't get out! 
ugghh my head hurts  ears = 20mm
@k_bright lol ya I can't sleep  head hurts that much!
My head hurts, right behind my eyes. 
at a sleepover...really tired, was at the pool for 4hrs.. i think i got too much sun (head hurts) 
I am EXTrA upset at myself lol I got all these curls in my head but I can't find my nightcap? 50 bucks down the drain 
@Darenzia i can relate, got hit by a soccer ball right on my right ear and my head still feels like it is going to burst 
@Bopsicle  The sand that I made for mi mic, sticks out really far, and I bent my head down and it hit my lip and cut me 
I can't sleep &amp; my head is pounding more than before  #fb
having a song stuck in my head that isnt recorded yet is REALLY annoying cause i cant listen to it  @shawnisthenewgo fix that please! lol
my head's in the smasher 
Just spoke to my manager, really not liking what I'm hearing.  
My head hurts 
has call waiting music stuck in my head 
My head hurts 
My head hurts after yesterday's party at ProxiAD's  
lol @thatgirlRegine and my head hurts 
Just had a nap. I don't feel that good  head hurts.
My head feels heavy.  - http://tweet.sg
@auditiondanny wow seriously?! get out of my head. I had my fingers all ready and poised to tweet that.  ya can't just steal tweets...
@the__director   how disappointing
I think i'm gonna cry. Thats how bad this is right noW. Eveytime i swallow my ears hurt and my head's pounding 
My head hurts so bad! 
My head hurts 
just got woken up by her boss  mehhh
I'm at the taxi now. And my head is very pain now. 
@seethebuck  got a head ache
@laname  &lt;hug&gt; would arranging a beating of said boy help any? mild punching or crowbar to the head perhaps?
Not only is my whole head burning, but now I can't fall asleep &amp; my eyes are killing me!!  save me...
Almost ready...... feeling more awake now which is nice! But it's not nice to think it may be 24hrs before my head hits a pillow again! 
@MadamSalami my new hair extensions are too big for my head  i thought i had a fat head aswell. going to have to try make them smaller :/
didnt sleep at all my head hurts 
@emmaswann oof! good luck with that. i'll stick with banging my head against jquery for now 
@johncmayer Your lucky. I get the song from the freecreditreport.com commercials stuck in my head 
the chai is less enjoyable now. some babies in here need to stfu :p my head hurts 
my eyes legs and head hurt i really can't wait for the term holidays!!!!!!!!! 
my head is killin me this morning 
woke up to a spider dangling right above my head. i screamed. it fell. i think i swallowed it. 
oooo boy coulndnt sleep like dat my head hurts 
the thoughts in my head make me a sad person 
My head hurts and I feel like crap 
Ouch. Head hurts. A lot. 
I think I pissed my boss off 
@ShellyH88  has got the backstreet boys in his head now... cheers 
@PinkJoey joey i need to find him  its doing my head in lol.
sean is explaining how ghetto angels stadium is ghetto since some cop got shot in the head. 
the hellicopter came back and like flew over my head 
I feel strangely ill for some reason right now. Head hurts. Probably anxiety. 
ouchouchouch! sore head 
I am so tired my eyes feel as though they are bulging out of my head 
@kristacolvin I have that cd in my car right now. Now song in my head 
I have a bad head ache. 
@noiseboyartist i love writing letters of complaint - i just always forget to mail em. I'm an agent-of-change (in my head) Lol 
@maxnugget Its stuck in my head now! Thanks! 
@msldyl0st ugh now u have that song stuck in my head! I'm totally buying it off itunes as I tweet. 
got &quot;the fortunate&quot; by cartel stuck in my head  but i don't mind
sweet thing in my head 
@Stelartron Ah! I see my antler head jib is catching to be ons! Yays for me! 
sitting on a chair 
well tonight was succesful  now i have hoedown throwdown stuck in my head again
@tinaconnolly tyra certainly helps to inflate his head. i swear, those two make love with their eyes all the time. 
@jackie_long hey big head  follow me 
almost got hit head on by a semi. haha. whoops. i think i can still hear my mother screaming. 
@Luckypunk well, regarding those, all of them were good  but that one particularly  made me giggle (my boss is Australian)
@BlytheX I'm on so much shit right now, I can barley feel my head 
@lkenner u can use my head to knock on - I know that is made of wood! 
@cliftonmiles haaappeeennnn.....      it was stuck in my head the other day.   
@ellenpatrice omg now I have it stuck in my head and I didn't even have to hear it! lol I love it though 
@wendychou  checked it, thanks for the quick reply. sorries. im so over my head right now. hell week!
Morning  My head hurts a little... :\
why is 'breakout' stuck in my head?! 
@gerald_d Head??? 
@Jackula I know about other things, don't you worry your silly little head 
I fell asleep, in my chair. Haha. 
@gerald_d @mnystedt says that is a nice head LOL 
Although life has been unfair to me, I still continue to keep my head up 
@yuvipanda  He'll get on the train and realise he forgot his head
my sleepy head  http://twitpic.com/3n98u
@mistermorales i think if your boss told U to don't show up, just don't show up, because, he's the boss and you're not. he said, you do. 
@Scamtypes I have needed eyes in the back of my head lately and they see everything 
now im on my chair 
I have a song stuck in my head....but I enjoy it 
@thawrite1 keep ya head up and smoke one 
@helen456 i know. im getting sng to poo on your head now 
head hurts! but i shall live on.. listeing to the land before time 
My head is still feeling like cotton wool - but thankfully, the fog is starting to clear! 
@mismis That is one of my favorites! That song gets in your head though 
---bang, bang. shot you dead. 50bullets in your head  
Maybe it's because I keep patting him on the head saying good boy. I've worn a patch of it out doing that. 
got sway sway baby stuck in my head. watched the video 20 times in the last hour 
Listening to black cherry by goldfrapp &amp; barefoot in the head &amp; thinking about cafe mambo 
Its stuck in my head too 
@amazing_sauce hehe you can kick my professor in the head. thanks. 
head hurt. feet hurt. back hurt. heart exploding with love. bed now. 
@davetran haha i forgot what you were replying to then. and no i will not shave my head! decided on the side fringe instead.. 
off to the sea to clear my head 
I am so happy.I randomly had a song in my head and I found it on youtube 
http://twitpic.com/4h1df I just put that above my head with strengh to spare. 100 pounds in weight + 20 or so more with the bar 
@lrmurphy which pub &amp; what time? We'll try and head over 
head is pounding....must have been a good night! 
@schatzie0302 woow ...  my head hurts 
@janebutton wheeeew - those systems just made my head spin 
@taylorswift13 &quot;white horse&quot; is stuck in my head!!  i love it so much! it is so beautiful! u r so unbelievably talented!! i love u taylor!
Finished my chair!! 
Home from ohio... doing homework... my head hurts from hitting heads with my cousin lol 
All the things she said, all the things she said... running trough my head... running trough my head...(8) T.A.T.U. 
Raindrops keep falling on my head. And just like the guy who's feet are too big for his bed nothing seems to fit. 
yep... i think i might have just made the decision to go head first...  we may be witnessing a historical moment... real talk
Head in the clouds 
@markhoppus ahaha its stuck in my head; thanxx 
@vivid13 Thanks about the ponytail. I dreamt last night that I shaved my head...??? I guess it's a bigger deal than I thought. 
I have found the best songd to have stuck in my head are relient k songs...I know every word and can finish them 
i want to sleep XD !!!! but i have a song in my head that make me crazy and dont know if i write the song or not hahhaha 
welcome to the family new pillow  im going to lay my head on you tonight!!!
your the voice i hear inside my head, the reason that i'm singing, i gotta find you, i need to find you 
has now been informed by a close personal friend that the sore head is due to infact 4 pints not 2 
my head feels sooooooooooo much better 
sitting on a chair 
the bug must have found a better head to sit on, i'm invisable again! 
@goreboyradio i don't think you should hang your head in shame, i think you should shamelessly enjoy it! I would. 
change to the old one, my head looks like a mushroom in the new one wikikiki 
@Geeno33 i suppose  I`ll put me positive head on and make some jokes about donuts maybe ;p
ok ... am looking for a marketing assistant or coordinator position. In publishing prefarably. 
@meerasapra  You always hit the nail on the head !! Literally 
is carrying on a conversation with the voices in my head!!!! I told you they like me better then you 
It's a beautiful morning.    Now I've got that Rascals song stuck in my head. LOL!
@itsmichaelyeah I think I'm gonna head on over 
thinking of some titles for these songs in my head 
:: @jenbarrow I could not agree more, @cherylhendrick hit the nail on the head topping the night off with stogies 
@flutters_bye that stuck in my head 
@garymurning hehe - just your average pounding head, run over by a bus chills and thrills - other than that, I'm fine  how are you?
@nakulshenoy I am going head on towards my dream 
@mmmadeleine it's really a song that will stick in your head for a looong time 
@springlamb hit the pharmaceuticals and take the day out of your head 
@Hanster7705 bulllllll, she's evil. look at that tower on her head, probably has a gun in it 
Too much fun last night. my head hurts!!!! 
@nuttychris coz of my mates. sometimes, i want to knock bash them on their heads! 
i swear...the drugs are messing with my head...(and for laina's benefit) i mean more than usual 
song stuck in my head. &quot;shut up &amp; let me goooo!&quot; 
(@redsoxfan13x) song stuck in my head. &quot;shut up &amp; let me goooo!&quot; 
@sexifresh one day (if not already) you'll find that one guy who loves you for YOU. Head to toe, and everything down to bad habits  lol
@Gravebunny saturdays are usually no go for me sir... i will be nomming brains in my head, though... 
eyes burning, head hurting, ipod dying. it'll be okay. 
@firstshowing Your eyes must be falling out of your head by now 
working on getting a head shot for the new @mileycyrus movie!!! 
About to go get a head shot for the new @mileycyrus movie!!! What should I wear?! 
@joepettis i love butch walker. i would travel anywhere. damnit. give me a head up next time! JEEEZ! 
My boss just told me that he's glad he hired me! 
@lingeriepr i hated givin head up until like 2 years ago. .. now i can handle anything! 
Thanks, but I'm gonna head up with one of the cast members. 
@wezli333 what about a good old fashion kick to the head? Lol youtube it 
@ddlovato But i think u didn't changed. You still demetria devonne lovato  And you've not the &quot;big head' no. You're the best !
who watches the IT crowd? haha 01189998819991197253  i have that number stuck in my head.. damn episode.
@madmohican lol just something I had swirling in my head and decided to put out...not intended to be lyrics though 
@ddlovato if you grow a second head and start dating an ant i will still be a fan 
@IchLiebeBizarre thx  .. but you musnt be envious *shaking head*
@_MandaPanda_ totally have that song stuck in my head 
@netWire you'll see my boss there... 
@ToeCracker Congrats on your shaved head, and I agree with @MagneticWoman that it looks better 
Head down to do some revision for last day of exams tomorrow 
yehey i dont have a head ache anymore! 
@athenanaa  that's a head up... ;p get energized!!!
@lorannah are you narrating your life in your head again 
shall i smash this guitar on to your pretty little head? 
@joyful_chic ahhhhhhhh i miss you! where the heck are you stupid head?  jk
in science wid biq head :p bored ... txt 
Head &amp; shoulders comercial today 
@mrch0mp3rs I pondered just laying down and sleeping the head wound off.. is that bad? 
@tsoslow if YOU wore a ponytail on the side of your head, you'd definitely be less likely to be picked for a jury 
@Ithildyn I can't believe you haven't seen that before! It's 2 or 3 years old - and it just sticks in your head 
@camthecameraman the thought of using another platform and getting my head around it is enough to make me feel ill 
@aphrodaisy as long as he's your former manager... 
@gamathew chaos in the head??how abt a change in music for the soul n for the voices in the head..ps: check gmail 
@InvisibleGaijin there is one in harajuku, the manager is crazy 
@annainterrupted that is a good idea. Head off for a walk then a pint and lunch outside 
@xiaodao ??????? dream head ??? drain head??????????????????????????? 
awoke with loopy ex's passive aggressive hellium voice in her head&amp; will drill through her skull to scoop it all out! yay! 
@RevRunWisdom so true so true. that really hit the nail on the head. 
@hugslenali you will honey, keep your head up and eyes open 
@jordanhowell heads heads heads (btw the way its katiie  )
I wanna head out on a driveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! 
ok, ok . . . . ideas are creeping into my head . .   mwahahaha
@guppies You doing some survey ah? *Proceeds to throw head back and laugh when everyone else stares blankly* 
@rashirv huH! I still do..bt I wont mind using a devil to unravel a fountain head 
@Dichenlachman It's because you are leaning forward.  At least compared to every other chair you normally sit in.  
@jester Only when I hit them over the head with it 
@rmilana Hands on head to be exact.. 
will go now, because her head hurts. :| hopefully, i can update again tomorrow. bye! 
The worst part about my job in warm weather are the flies. They bite my head and arms. 
http://bit.ly/jcxqm  I've had this in my head all day 
@jnsns Haircuts are 90% for the head massage anyway, aren't they? 
@dr_pete @BrentDPayne @LisaBarone only pretends she's got a big head. She doesn't. So keep encouraging her till she really does 
I have the best boss! 
Watching the fireworks over my head on the freeway!! i love DLand 
@cherrysnaz Its ok melly, i'll just knock you upside the head with a pan &amp; knock you out so you can just sleep through the pain 
@lemon_head no making out...yet - it is a good story and hot women  
2 goals set in my head. D &amp; D for now.... 
@beauttweet well kinda, the throat is kinda in your head area... 
my head hurts so bad but it won't stop me from going out with my friends 
@TheRealNobody hope all is well - keep your head up &amp;  i'm sure He'll see you through whatever ur going through 
@mopgirl5 haha just trying to get your new boss to see it 
@lyfSaMistry Aybaybay! I'm still at home, in bed Ducks head in shame 
@vincenthofmann I think my neighbour is a coke head, but I can't tell for sure 
@CherryBear get outta bed sleepy head 
my head hurts 
