Most common words for this cluster:
[('headache', 135), ('headaches', 57), ('migraine', 10), ('splitting', 9), ('fever', 8), ('sinus', 6), ('slight', 6), ('pounding', 4), ('mild', 3), ('medicine', 3), ('lol', 3), ('tension', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'headache', 0.9816350936889648), (u'headaches', 0.901667594909668), (u'heartburn', 0.6296834349632263), (u'indigestion', 0.6165620684623718), (u'Headaches', 0.5706914067268372), (u'nightmares', 0.5692140460014343), (u'Martin_Prado_exertional', 0.547356367111206), (u'pain', 0.5425751805305481), (u'palpitations', 0.5381564497947693), (u'headaches_dizzy_spells', 0.5374478101730347)]





has a headache...it wont go away and i dont want to od on panadol....lol....seriously though it hurts 
I think a headache is in the works 
i now have a headache from that huge lollipop. 
Doing the grocery with a massive headache....not fun 
is having headaches 
In bed with a splitting headache 
Up and blessed, trying to kickstart all these ideas through this sinus headache. 
@LeeannDunton   I hate headaches.
I've got a headache  I think its down to alcohol, but still feel sorry for me 
ughhhhhhhhhhhh! headache hangover. i hate these 
Tired plus headache 
this headache is slowly killing me...how much more advil does it take???I already took 1200 mg and it is still there 
i wish this stupid headache would go away, 6 days of headaches aren't fun 
nursing a sinus headache 
just woke up with a migraine headache. 
I am having fever,headache, cough.. 
Pondering. And I have a bad headache, with no headache tablets  bah
Sleeping soon. I am so tired and have a minor headache 
has the worst sinus headache 
headaches suck 
Has another splitting headache 
i'm ready to give u attention now . . . after this headache goes away 
has a splitting headache 
these stupid headaches can suck it 
headaches suck. 
headaches are the worst 
I hate side effects  i didnt have a headache or drymouth before  [becca #1]
Really lovin' this headache the heat left me with... 
Reproduction gave me a headache 
still having mild headache 
laying down, dizzy and I have a headache.  
just got this diarrhea  that explains the headache
i hate maths, it causes major headaches 
has a headache still ... must be the barometric pressure ... at least it's not a complete migraine though 
Hungover.  At least I don't have a headache. I can handle the queasy stomach, but it's always the headache that kills me.
I've got such a headache. Hopefully it's not a migraine creeping up on me 
Wine has given me a headache 
@LOPchelle thanks! Usually when I wake up with a headache, that means a migraine is brewing. I hope not 
bad headaches are bad 
is having headache and colds... 
has a headache from the the heat. 
noooooooo...another headache...hopefully not a migraine 
Wish my headache/almost migraine would go away! 
headaches are dumb. 
Misses JP  I do not know what to do and iv given myself a headache thinking about it, just makes me want to cry
Home with the only headache 
I has a headache  weird headache
i have a really bad headache  ... i need some more baby aspirin.
@coolvsratednext tooth ache headache 
Up so early to work with my group. This wouldn't be as bad if I didn't have this massive headache too 
@aianna21 @aristeia I knowwww! I may have cried a little  It didn't help my pounding headache but I did it anyway.
Bad headache infests me 
has a splitting headache. 
I get headaches far too often 
this is really irritating.. lately i've been waking up w/ major headaches 
Y do I keep getting these headaches? 
Just woke up from my nap. This flu is serious, headache headache 
i have a fever  with a headache 
Has a headache and I think a fever  #pigbirdcowflu
This headache makes me feel like I have to vom.  I think I should probably stop wearing my contacts.
headaches suck 
slight headache. 
headaches are farked 
isn't ever hungry any more, but gets hunger headaches reminding her to eat. not fair. 
i keep getting the worst headaches ever!! i have come to the conclusion that they're stress headaches!! worst pain ever  !!
@DaveC15  im sorry headaches are the worst!!
I hate headaches 
Oh no, sneezing and headache... 
I am up and raring to go - no massive headache and no pills 
...tension headaches suck!! Why can't it just go away??? 
is going to bed.. massive headache from allergies.. fuck. 
Tension headache. 
I have a terrible headache and I'm stuck in traffic  great combination..
...just took some headache medicine 
tired.  tired.  with a slight headache!  
bored.com and ive given myself a headache 
Tired of sinus headaches. 
This headache is turning into a migrane 
i hate headaches 
headaches  need a massage badly blah
I hate hangover-related headaches 
headaches suck 
arg headaches suck! 
I hate headaches 
@cpt_zeed I have SUCH a headache 
Ugh migraine headache 
Why isn't the caffeine fixing my headache... 
tired of these headaches. please go away!! 
has a frustration headache. 
High fever and a headache. 
I hate headaches. 
not really enjoying this throbbing headache. 
I have a headache from just reading what I'm supposed to prepare for my next trimester 
Has a backache and a headache yet again 
ugh, still with this headache...  hopefully it will go away soon...apparently it's affecting my ability to spell as well. lol
Ugh it smells like vacuum i have a headache 
@Kristennxo  i hate headaches.
Why am I so prone to headaches! 
I hate it when my power gives me a headache   
Looking for an aspirin..I got a headache 
stress headache 
serious sinus headache... 
I should be *freaking out* fainting and screaming for in now instead I am in bed with a splitting headache dosed on tablets 
bad tension headache 
i hate headaches 
Wine headaches are the worst 
I hate headaches 
it seems like i have a permanent headache 
ugh getting a headache from staring at the monitor too long I assume 
and i have a mild headache seeping in... 
having fever all of a sudden  n the headache is still here.. i need help..
I hate headaches 
Really tired of the daily headaches 
Sorts got a headache. 
i have a massive headache, and the storm outside is scaring me 
I have the biggest headache!!!! I hate headaches! 
i have a worldclass headache 
I hate headaches 
has really bad headaches.. 
does icecream help headaches? 
I hate headaches. 
I have a headache and I feel ill with fever ojala me better soon 
i think im having a caffeine withdrawal headache... 
I need these headaches to go away. 
blast those inequalitues - they gave me such a headache 
i hate headaches  goodnight
@AnnHawkins Yes I had this really bad headache and frankly wouldn't have been good company. Coming and going too  But I'll be there next
i got a really bad headache and i cant find any paracetamol   
I need some headache pills 
had to take out my contacts.. now i have the worst headache ever. 
I have a caffene withdrawl headache....  #squarespace
has a splitting headache 
I had a huge headache  I wonder why I never  get headaches or get sick often 
still suffering from headaches. 
trying to get rid of a headache...It is 108 degrees here, ewwwww 
ugh craft headache 
I have the worst headache from my allergies. 
suffering from a headache. I think it is from the 3-D glasses 
i have a bad effin' headache. why do i get so many headaches?  
I have a mild headache 
I'll be glad when these accounts are resolved, it's giving me a headache 
I have a slight headache 
has a slight headache 
@JamelaV no and I can't go back to sleep  I also have a slight headache
Finishing off a project with having a bad headache 
i have a headache and the cold 
its funny how listening to whinning gives you an instant headache 
is going to bed to try to get rid if this migraine headache 
i hate headaches. 
mass headache again 
I hate headaches! 
is about to go to bed with a pounding headache. 
Who needs an alarn clock when I have daily headaches to wake me up 
pounding pounding headache right now 
Umufuke weehhh!!!!!! I'm oozing shiraz and a headache 
working out with a headache.. it just has to be done  dynamos tonight
horrible headache and i'm sad cause i just took my last pain pill 
@kbakeratl lol any suggestions to make my slight headache go away? 
mass headache 
I definitely don't feel good. I have the ultimate headache which means that I'm going to turn into the ultimate b*tch! I hate headaches! 
has a splitting headache 
i has a headache.  no magnet picnic for me
i don't like headaches 
Massive migraine headache right now, took excedrin migraine, its not working 
@dragonrider5170 I still have those headaches and I still feel dizzy. 
Dissertation headache 
headaches...owwy 
Waking up with a headache is seeming to become a daily occurence with me 
got a pounding headache 
sore throat. headache. *frown* 
can't sleep anymore sighhh starving and ... having a splitting headache 
I have a wine headache 
headaches don't want to leave me  alone,so could someone make them go away please 
I have a headache with no medicine 
Totally fed up of having a splitting headache 
I hate headaches 
I'm sick....... with headache and fever 
my headache and fever is coming back !  
had a headache and medicine is not working 
Trying to keep my keys open. I'm sooo sleepy. And I have another sinus headache to boot! 
can't shake this headache and has a mouth full of ulcers 
@Mizgeorgiapeach headaches have a great solution: drinks 
