Most common words for this cluster:
[('hills', 234), ('finale', 60), ('lauren', 57), ('season', 48), ('lc', 30), ('episode', 25), ('i', 18), ('quot', 17), ('miss', 16), ('beverly', 15), ('na', 14), ('laurenconrad', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Hills', 0.9242339134216309), (u'HIlls', 0.6888182759284973), (u'Springs', 0.6161049604415894), (u'BEATY_Black', 0.6043742299079895), (u'Valley', 0.5684905648231506), (u'Lakes', 0.564594566822052), (u'Oaks', 0.5636635422706604), (u'Corp_BKH', 0.561690092086792), (u'd_Modbury', 0.5593990087509155), (u'BY_KRIS_GARLICK', 0.5408090353012085)]





I am listing more items on ebay to sell!  Takes forever..meanwhile Coleman is watching The Hills season premier without me.. 
Such a tough game to watch tonight for State  Finally going to bed after also staying up to watch the season premiere of the Hills!
wants to go home and watch The Hills 
@heidimontag The Hills episodes were so sad   PS. LOVE your name
@SheridanBlock Aww I am sorry!  lol yu saw the HIlls too.. I wanna watch the season to see why Spencer calls LC to appologize lmao!
just got up. bored enought that im watching The Hills 
Holy crap, it's going to be 97 in Woodland Hills tomorrow and I have to be there until 3:00. What a drag. 
@heidimontag wishes she could watch the Hills, however she lives in Australia and doesn't have pay tv  Love you Heidi!
i missed the &quot;Hills&quot; and &quot;love of Ray J&quot;  ehhh 
is addicted to The Hills! I don't want LC to leave 
I can see the sun!! Too bad Heels and Hills half marathon got this morning canceled, due to bad weather 
I am watching the Hills and Kimora's show, flipping between the two. There is a superficial hole to fill since the end of Girls Next Door 
I actaully sat and watched a whole series of The Hills today #thehills This is what happens when your PS3 breaks and its raining! 
@karac1120 It was a GOOD episode tonight. We'll have to have a Monday Hills night when we are back in Barrie sans Lauren though 
@LaurenConrad The Hills wont be the same without you Lauren,I am in sydney,Australia and I think I will stop watching 
Is about to set off fo the Welsh Hills. Weather looks bleak tho'. 
Can't blve all my fav seasons have endedd!! Only got The Hills left now 
have a great night!  I hope I won't have nightmares about the Hills...  So sad that Lauren's gone...  
Is deeply saddened that The Hills finale is next week ... Only 1hour left with @LaurenConrad in my life 
can't find Skins on the stacks, @milosundae  90210/The Hills? wdyt?
@milosundae akhrnya The Hills nggi..90210-nya macet2..HIMYM cm ada season4,pdhl gw nyari season3nya 
I watched wayyyy too much Beverly Hills 90210 today and I am not proud of that fact.  TV FAIL
@shellbell2682 Linden Hills.  My mother took my car and left me here.  
Just lost my two favourite people at work to Alex Hills...   even better i have graphics to do D:
Watching reruns of The Hills. I'm sad to see Lauren go 
Sigh, of course I feel sick on a Saturday, not during the week.  in Vestavia Hills, AL http://loopt.us/tULISw.t
Clue #1 Your lady friend is hormonal: Tears up while going through programming guide b/c she realizes TOMORROW is the last Hills w/ LC. 
mlc0038mlc has no signal in Whittrow Springs 
i cant wait for The Hills season finale tomorrow! im sad that it is Lauren's last episode though 
10,000 frostbite bullets and killing the boredom of Grizzly Hills in Zul'Drak.  Hungry for Kogi but I have to wait til 4 p.m.  
Oh so sad, finale of The Hills tonight... 
Got the cold  and sunburn eew! So excited for The Hills tonight. Last night is such a blur...
Can't wait for The Hills season finale!!! I'm gonna miss LC! 
I have lots of errands to run today and it's the very last &quot;The Hills&quot; with Lauren!   So sad!
awwww last episode of the Hills with Lauren in it!!! 
excited about The Hills finale....goodbye lauren 
The Hills Finale tonight at 8. 
Ahh Beverly Hills coyote almost chased me down scared to walk the streets now 
Casey is coming over. Hills finale tonight with the usual! I'm sad 
The Hills is over for another week.. 
is excited for the season finale of The Hills tonight! but *can* wait though... since it will be LC's last show. 
@stephaniepratt @LoBosworth @LaurenConrad  - Hills tonite! gunna miss it, MTV wont be the samee. 
I'm really depressed that the Hills is ending tonight. 
The HIlls finale today...i cnt believe its already over 
awaiting The Hills Season Finale ... after this no more LC 
probably shouldn't admit it, but is really sad that tonight is Lauren's last episode of the Hills 
tonight last episode of The Hills for Lauren... 
going out with ashley to lee lee's house &lt;3. I have to miss my Hills  boo
No more LC on the Hills 
@LaurenConrad is the reason I watch the Hills  Hopefully, leaving the show she can do better, bigger things! LOVE YOU LC!
The Hills finale tonight! Yah! Bye LC!   we will miss u!
@coylobos she's a skunk, bitch, ho, fake, and all that stuff. Sadly LC is gone  she and Whitney were the only reasons I watched The Hills
I don't like how the red carpet is interrupted by The Hills. 
Waiting for Laurens final episode of The Hills  then MTV movie awards! ;)
Excited to see the Hills finale, but i'm not sure if i'd watch the show anymore without LC on it 
Bout to see the season finale of my show The Hills.. I'm so sad that Lauren is leaving.. 
The Hills Finale! Aww I'm gonna miss Lauren 
So excited for The Hills season finale! Goodbye Lauren! 
@danjlevy More red carpet less The Hills. 
my munchkin &amp; other fam ditched me  stuff around the house, Hills finale, then some of the movie awards...woo eminem!
is watching The Hills series finale!   I hate when one of my fav shows end.
getting for the season finale of The Hills, oh I will miss Lauren 
Excited to watch the Hills but very sad it's Laurens last one 
Finished YG in time for The Hills! So great! I'll miss Lauren! 
watching The Hills Season Finale (oh my gosh the drama...lol)  ....Lauren's last episode 
Season Finale of the Hills !!! 
Watching The Hills season Finale - bye bye Lauren 
Watching the season finale of The Hills, byeeee LC 
OMG...the last episode of the Hills!! I think I might cry 
watching the season finale of The Hills. Lauren you will be missed 
The Hills is on! Lc's last episode!! 
Watchin the season finale of the Hills...saying goodbye to my good friend Lauren 
Shhhh!!! The Hills season finale 
getting for the season finale of The Hills, oh I will miss Lauren  Oh I am a little confuse do I like LC eyebrows or not...
Is watching the Hills finale! It's so sad to see Lauren go! 
Watching season finale of The Hills..Aww no more Lauren 
watching @laurenconrad 's last episode of The Hills. Sad 
is watching the finale of The Hills ... I'm gonna miss Lauren!!! 
Season Finale of the Hills 
DAMN! I turned on the Hills 30 mins late! I hope I didn't miss too much 
Watching The Hills season finale. It's Lauren Conrad's last episode ever 
Watching The Hills season finale. It's Lauren Conrad's last episode ever  At least there will be another season...
watching The Hills...this is LC's last episode! 
Hey @x17online Lauren conrad!! she looks great! It's sad she's leaving the Hills   (X17Live live &gt; http://ustre.am/39qb)
@spicyspice ugh I wish. Hopefully some day we''ll get it but they just played it on The Hills 
i wish i was watching The Hills 
Watching The Hills finale!!! It's amazing!!! I'm sad Lauren is leaving tho!  Ha! 
The last episode of The Hills is soooooo good, dang imma miss this show  
FUKK!!! JUST realized i missed the Hills season finale!!!!!!! Didn't even know there was one since i've missed the last 2 weeks! 
The Hills won't be the same without LC 
Ahhhh the Hills preview for next season looks intense.  Good bye LC 
Sad that the sound is so screwed up for the Hills finale.  I don't think I can watch it without Lauren.
So I can't wait for the new season of The Hills!!! I enjoy Kristin but I will miss @LaurenConrad! 
Watched the Hills season finale  No more Luaren. MTV music awards 
I'm not satisfied with The Hills finale.  gonna miss you, LC. &lt;3
The Hills season finale! Its not going to be the same without Lauren! 
Awwwww da Hills is over... Tear...I knew she would show up @ da wedding!! I'm gonna miss Lauren!! 
Season finale of The Hills  I miss Reilly so much. Fuuuuck.
@LaurenConrad I cant believe you wont be on The Hills anymore  Cant believe that the end of the finale was messed up, couldnt hear 
The Hills Finale tonight  Goodbye Lauren you will be missed!
Missed the Hills !!!!!! 
Watching The Hills season finale 
@avilas  I didnt get to see it The Hills...I need to catch the repeat i was still at work
The Hills finale tonight! Lauren's last season! 
@sofifii great Hills episode tonight! sorry to see lauren go 
@GallifreyReject I'm on the west coast  its barely 7:20 here I have to do almost 2 hrs of the Hills still b4 I can even watch the awards
@Potasnik LOL Scott! I watch The Hills too but I think we're perhaps behind a few episodes in England!  xxx
Im so sad i missed The Hills  cant wait to see it!
Loved the Hills finale last night, going to miss LC.   .... Gettting increasingly nervous for my interview on friday!
Don't think The Hills will be the same without Lauren 
Yea but it was still an awesome episode! The Hills won't be the same w/out you. 
On my way to the sitter.  Mad I missed The Hills last night 
@mraisa 75K daw. Yeah, she wanted to get out of all the drama. To concentrate on her clothing line,etc. This Hills will never be the same 
is at work and wants to go home and watch The Hills finale.. roll on 5:30pm.. 3 hours left 
Watching the finale if The Hills online. It's sad that it's over 
The Hills was so good last night . ugh . its now over . 
i'm so sad that Lauren left The Hills 
watching the last episode of 'The Hills' 
@BrownTink haha i gotta say it hooked me in  im tryin to catch up on the last season of &quot;The Hills&quot; too not sure why im hooked on that lol
Catching up on the Hills episodes online. Just watched the 2nd to last one. So sad 
LC is officially gone from The Hills.... What is life goin to be like now??  Gonna miss u Lauren! :'(
finally watched The Hills finale thingy. justin bobby looked like a bear 
Catching up on my tivo, watching The Hills finale, Lauren's say's goodbye to The Hills 
it's been 2 days since i've been on. so sad lauren is leaving The Hills! 
I'm at the docs in Beverly Hills for my spidey bite 
 bye LC...I LOVE that Kelly Clarkson was all over this season of The Hills...her new cd is Great!!!
First MTV.com said The Hills Finale would be available at 9am.  Now 11pm... 
I wonder when @heidimontag and @spencerpratt will have a real wedding?On another note goodbye LC  Kristen sucks. Def boycotting The Hills
Awe Lauren leaves The Hills tonight  She was my fav Hills girl  * tear*
Watching the Hills. So upset LC isn't coming back  but I am really loving @heidimontag and @spencerpratt tons more recently.
so bored nothin' to do...just watch last episode of the Hills damn love the end sucks that lauren wont be in it anymore 
Really truly trying to get all my ideas on paper.  good nite tweets. P.s. Before bed I'm watching the last LC episode of the Hills.
watching The Hills @LaurenConrad this is funny and greaaaat! yet sad. Idk if Ill watch any more without LC 
wow The Hills was crazy!!! Missed it last night, watching it now  We will miss you @LaurenConrad
Lauren Conrad has left the Hills 
Bacl to work from north ryde to Surry Hills.  taxi driver asked if I could guide him  he has a fucking GPS in the car!!
This finale of The Hills is full of laughs and cries. I'm sad Lauren is gone 
Watching The Hills for the last time as I don't think I will watch it without Lauren.. sadness 
would really appreciate more The Hills time. 
Just watched The Hills finale. Lauren's exit was nice. I will miss her 
Just watched the Hills finale, LOVE Lauren!! But now back to criminal law... 
last episode of the Hills with Lauren..i'm gonna miss her. The Hills won't be the same without her 
The Hills season finale was amazing!! Can't wait till next season, but really said Lauren is gonna stop with The Hills 
just watched the season finale episode of The Hills...boo hoo no more Lauren 
I need to sleep more. And not watch the season finale of The Hills online becuz it wasn't that great anyway. I'm sad Lauren is leaving. 
Watching the season finale of The Hills, and already missing Lauren in the show 
sad that the Hills wont have Lauren anymore... I probably wont watch the show anymore 
just watched the season 5 finale of The Hills...... cant believe Lauren has gone.. 
I miss The Hills. 
Awe. The state park in Chino Hills where Cait &amp; I hiked w/ girl scouts might be shutting down b/c of the budget crisis. 
Just finished watching The Hills finale. @LaurenConrad I have never been more sad watching than what I am now. You will be missed. 
Here at movie screening here at Beverly Hills. Although I worked on the movie, I feel very awkward. 
The Hills has officially lost a viewer! 
My bad, only 4.5 km.   Oh well. Hills tomorrow, maybe
The finale gezien van &quot;The Hills&quot;   Can't wait till next season only without Lauren 
is watching the finale season of The Hills. Goodbye LC! 
WOw. Just saw the new Hills season 6 preview with Kristin in place for LC  .... MTV. you really screwed up this time
I miss The Hills! 
just watched @LaurenConrad last episode of The Hills....  sad times!!
watching the Hills now. sad face because these muthafuckas playing w/ my check  and i need to pay my babysitters
shitty weather outside and The Hills on TV. I miss L.A so badly right now 
leaving Hot Springs 
finally sitting down to watch lauren's last Hills and the Duel 2...but i still should be doing homework 
....only @ Three Hills. 
Dammit. My planned day of #geocaching in the Port Hills tomorrow doesn't appeal as much with an expected temp range of -2 to 6 
Wondered around Surry Hills for ages today with Nat, and bought nothing!  x
@Jimeninchen me siento desfasado por no ver The Hills! 
Just turned on MTV and saw @LaurenConrad leaving The Hills and it still makes me upset. 
just noticed that watching The Hills has almost melted my brain. 
@LaurenConrad Can't believe you left The Hills  fans miss ya so hopefully you'll guess star!
wit my fave... watching Beverly Hills Chihuahua. I want a puppy so bad 
just finished watching the last season of The Hills 
I'm missing being at Brook Hills today. It just doesn't feel right to not be there 
KS dust gone from La Cruz. Flint Hills killed a 2nd tire on my bike 
Wedding today at the Four Seasons Beverly Hills. No 5DII, just EX1 
I've run out of The Hills to watch so now I am extremely bored 
@LaurenConrad I love her. She's amazing in every way. The Hills' not gonna be  the same without her. 
Watching The Hills, Stacie is such a bitch!! 
Disappointed to learn that one of tomorrow's guests does NOT, in fact, share a name with Beverly Hills Cop villain. 
I guess the yogurt was so cheap last night at the Walnut Hills Kroger because it expires today. Good thing I bought 10 of them 
@bbqshari I'm going to live in Beverly Hills when I become 18 years old. No I Don't but I wish I had 
@bexiclepop :O I looooove Whitney! I miss her in The Hills. And I miss The City.  
I also cried during The Strangers and The Hills Have Eyes...sorry but they were SAD!!!  lol
Hoping to be at Valley right now!!... I knew I was regret this! 
Hoping to be ay Valley right now!!... I knew that I was regret it! 
so The Hills is fake? 
Oh no-a giant scrape on my rental car. Friends don't let friends pull out of driveways on narrow, car lined, walled H Hills streets  
Watched the season finally of the Hills the other day cant belive thats it over  dunno what ill watch on a Sunday night now? LC rocks!
oh my sweet potatoes there is nothing on television.  Forced to watch Beverly Hills Cop 
is going o miss everyone next year when I'm at Hills Road and you are all at Ryston! 
Damn, can't believe Beverly Hills Cop is 25yrs old, what a reality check! I remember when it came out, I feel old now 
The Hills without Lauren Conrad is not going to be the same 
@stephaniepratt love you in the Hills hun...Was so sorry to hear about what you went through, my best friend went through the same thing 
Up WAY too early  watching the Hills.
Getting The Hills S3&amp;4. Yaaaaaay! I heart The Hills. Don't want Lauren &amp; Audrina  to leave though. Gonna miss them! 
Once I finish this episode of The Hills I'm gonna have to wait for my boxsets to arrive  booooo!
I don't wanna move to Bloomfield Hills. I wannna stay here  Who want to emotiona shop with me? ;)
Just watched the last show of the Hills! For the second time now! Wow no more lo! How sad is that! It just wont be the same! 
finally going to bed!  so tired. Was gonna watch The Hills but didnt =/
shhhhhhhhhh....time to watch the Hills. 
Dang. Heroes and The Hills amazed me tonight!  off to do more studying!
done with &quot;The Hills&quot;......have the flu....I think? But I need a smoke. LOL. 
Little work out was good  Specially since we were watching the Hills at the same time lol
Morning all! Some hysterical things happened on The Hills last night.. watch for my post 
@TahiraBellot what's going on...how you been...I swear you need a reality show...MTV &quot;this is your next big hit since the Hills&quot; 
I love Beverly Hills 90210 and Gossip Girl 
Hi @SusanSullivan nice to meet up with you at #mgws - with @nickjamescom we're at the airport too.. going to Beverly Hills Wilshire 
Watching The Hills 
getting ready to see Adam Hills tonight 
just followed LC and step pratt  miss The Hills, havent seen it lately...
Back in Beverly Hills  Thank the lord! hehe. Going shopping soon. So guess I gotta go. Then to eat out. yummy! xoxo, S and C
Crisp Saturday Morning in Farmington Hills, MI 
In Surry Hills  http://twitpic.com/4gy1m
The Hills tonight 
watching The Hills, 
is trying to find a profile picture that isn't too big!!! and loving the Hills marathon on MTV 
now going to watch the brand new episode of 'The Hills'  cant wait!!
@ThaEntertainer The Hills- go LC 
The Hills tonight Whoo-hoo!! 
The Hills season 5 
@elephantparty you can celebrate by eating lots of chews on your way to Simi Valley! 
@WiredPig not alot to do in Holly Springs, GA at 5:30 in the morning. I sleep alot more when I work this shift 
@audrinaxo : Has Lauren Conrads a twitter-page too?                       I love the Hills 
over in Cherry Hills at dad and Joanies for a BBQ and beer 
is scared for her exams :S and about to watch the new Hills 
really excited that Kristen will be on The Hills next season 
@heidimontag my friend and i keep arguing over if the Hills scripted or reality?? i looveee the show but i was jw so i can tell her!  xo
@spencerpratt i cannot stand you on 'The Hills' but you seem nice in real life  im glad! not that you would care or read this anyways, xo
My firefox is being really stupid. Stuck with Safari! The Hills again 
Hey @mileycyrus i was in the bathtube when the earthquake happened. It freaked me out. i live in fountain Valley by huntington beach. 
Agh, morning. I don't mind you when you don't bring work with you.  in Vestavia Hills, AL http://loopt.us/JLl54A.t
Pacccking for Springs 
Lovn' So Cal  tooled round downtown, Hollywood, Santa Monica, Venice &amp; Beverly Hills. Gyms here rock! going to get tanned up soon 
Catching up on &quot;The Hills&quot; 
Finally! Caught up w/ all The Hills episodes &amp; waiting 'til next week for the new episode to get online!  haha
J::nods head:: E::nods head:: D::nods head::,our The Hills moments 
just updating our Beverly Hills Screening details at http://treeparty.com - my favorite LA online event calendar 
So many times and places I've felt &quot;out of place&quot;, I like it here because I feel at home.  -sonya is content in The Valley
@ScarlettLavey i miss you my bff Valley! 
