Most common words for this cluster:
[('his', 144), ('her', 132), ('their', 64), ('today', 24), ('quot', 20), ('name', 18), ('amp', 17), ('day', 16), ('friend', 15), ('time', 15), ('mom', 13), ('poor', 12)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'His', 0.952565610408783), (u'Her', 0.9442896246910095), (u'Their', 0.8450914621353149), (u'My', 0.7545841932296753), (u'Its', 0.6612668037414551), (u'Your', 0.6263863444328308), (u'HIs', 0.618301272392273), (u'Our', 0.6018836498260498), (u'his', 0.5908082127571106), (u'whose', 0.5834516882896423)]





.. sad to hear about the discovery of the little girl from Tracy. Her poor family 
Now our kitteh Stanley is sick! His lungs are filling with fluid and he has to spend the night in an oxygen chamber at the emergency vet. 
@michelle182 no gurl. His momma is gunna be at the Houston show, I think 
@selenaxjonas AH i know. Their so expensive, I have to get straight A's a college prep school to go to demis 
@jwhof Thank you again for your help. His family will be devastated after he has survived so much. 
@jbekkema Rain + balding tyres + being tired + not really paying attention = hitting L plater... His Mum was a real bitch too  
@silvergrrl please also keep @JackThaCat in your thoughts. His tail had a run in w/me &amp; the recliner. He's home, but sporting a cone. 
@feedthepoor I wonder how much money they made from JUST u?! Their female line is not dope. So u and @pinkglambam can't be twins aww 
The 'baby' isn't really a baby anymore. 16 today.  Her momma feels old.
My husband turns 31 in a month and I have no clue what to get him. I have to decide soon so I can mail it in time! His 3rd b'day in Iraq. 
Just got back from hospital,little brother will be staying up there.His face is a mess,he looks awful, covered in blood  Getting scans now
@SexyPauline you dont mean HK do you ? Bovey , i`d like to behead. His mrs too. And the chef ? How anal ! Did like the young guy though. 
Update: friend of friend that went missing last night was found. Her husband confessed to accidentally shooting her.  http://bit.ly/2uG4v
@AdamOrtega LMFAO! Her eyebrows are a bit thick for me but not bad. He looks kinda ragged, still tons better looking then BC though 
Wait..... what happened to SheHeartsCandy/ Belightful Brunette (Dena) ?   Her account is gone.
Going to eat at my grandmas. UGH!! Her house reeks of cigarette smoke. 
Just had very uncomfortable &amp; heated discussion with owner of aggressive dog in leash free park. His dog was being aggressive with Monty 
Still awake..working and cleaning!!  I'm resting next to Natey and he smells like pee pee.  His diaper is big 
Parked my car next to the gate. Gots my snacks. Gay boy dozing in the front seat.. I want to be snuggled up with Her, on Her comfy bed 
So much for going out today... Hubby is sitting with the new love of his life..... His piano! &quot;oh I must practice.&quot; 
Has just been for her first post-injury run. Her chest feels so tight its as though she never ran a mile in her life. BOO 
@bogwhoppit Awww cute. My cat is 12. Also a rescue cat from the RSPCA. Her sister, sadly, had a fight with a fix a few years back. 
is crying.  Their dog died.  http://plurk.com/p/sx413
@Nongling Any idea what became of @Catloverr? Her account has vanished altogether and she never said anything to me.. You? 
I'm at the bike stop and this man was eatin him out. Seriously. His armpit 
Breaks my heart....15yo in a car wreck asking for her mama. Her mom didn't make it....showing her a little extra love tonight. 
my son was admitted to St. Lukes for bronchiolitis, wife is spending the night with him. His O2 level was 83%.  http://ff.im/-2Y24j
Getting ready to do the last of my His final.  
Heading out to a bday party 4 a 2yo. made her some cute pink poodle undies. Her mom doesnt do cloth...and wont. 
@tophatdog Aww thats so cute  Here is a pic of the doxi I had for 19 years. Her name was chub chub  http://bit.ly/ywdNH
is sad! Her dog, Lily's eye is swollen &amp; has a wound on her front paw! 
Emilyhas been sent home again.  I feel like such a bad parent. Her Dad us having her then I will tomorrow.
@Tuna Their better be, I missed the last one... 
@xlad My ex-boss smelled like a butchers county, all meaty. Her feet were so dirty she left a stain on the carpet under her desk 
My mom is washing my hair at the salone. Her first and most definitely last time. 
The mom's name is Tiffany Toribio.  Her son was 3. She said she didn't want him to grow up without ppl that cared abt him. 
@jamiefarhat lol that's okay. His death was a major shock though 
Awww, sad  His poor family, that's too young.  http://bit.ly/16lp0O
@ChantalKrahn it broke my heart! There is no way they cld hide their feelings from those kids! Their life is now turned upside down 
@ryanntani WRONG. His love for ME is non existant. 
I came with a q: &quot;any recommended hairdresser? U r full and they suggested me to others  &quot; His ego talked and I'm in d line
I can't believe I thought I had a morning shift today and told Alex that I could take him to the airport.  His flight is during my shift! 
But he has an out of date script. That's really bad. So midway thru his pitch we catch it. He gets all butthurt and storms out. His loss. 
poor bella is in the ER with her first and second ear infection since both ears are infected. Her screams were blood curdling! 
@JosephFrost  don't hate on Bree, she's my favourite. I like how red her hair is. Her face looks like it's made out of china.
@Chinadoll34 Their losing  damn you kobe!!!!
@backstreetboys Aw AJ can't stop sneezing?? His allergies are acting up again? 
Watching jay leno. His last time hosting the tonight show 
@DerDonYogi Vicky's secret? Their trainer. And their consistency. Probably not the youth system though 
@stimpeh PLEASE ADD again @nicohilton!! His account @dontflashme was hacked  ! tell everyone to add him again please! god bless you!
Cameron Diaz doesn't habe nice feet  Her lips is cool but that's it.
Either my dog or my sister's dog is going to have to get fixed! Her dog keeps trying to hump mine 
http://twitpic.com/69s12 - I really love her, her smile is contagious.  Her mother is diagnosed with breast cancer  *prays for them*
My little turkey is feeling alot better. Still no walking for at least 2-4 weeks..   His pain is better.
needs Jake to fully recover.  His old is really getting to him. 
Oh no! So sorry to hear about @Oscarthecat! His poor people!   *headbutts* to @BrewskieButt &amp; all his other good pals.
@KarronAnne He died this morning  His tiny body couldn't handle his vaccine.
The birthday girl was thrilled w/her Spongebob cake. Her smile &amp; 'WOW' makes it so worth it. No pics since I was cutting close 2 deadline 
My poor Tommy is not feeling well. His HepC meds are really kickin' his butt today. 
what happened to logan? His twitter seems to be gone 
@Pearl thanks doll. My dog's a yellow lab (i have 2), he's almost 8 years old.  His name is Cholo. Sadface.
getting ready for bed then laying down with my son and watching sponge bob. His allergies are acting up  and hes getting more teeth on ...
in love with samaire Armstrong but instead lost His love of life..!! sucks.. 
@zorythevirgin my little sis  the bb. And I know right?! Her hair isn't even curly!
Late night sushi and reverse happy hour. Q. What more could a barbie ask for? A. Her barbie bff. 
@rosatifanda nope.. and I dont want to..   get Her out of my Head..!!
@Swizzlesqueak  but I want it too be sooner for dad  His life is not joyful for him or Mum...Old age sucks dogs balls, truly.
@Carlton75 Their is going to be  washed all the rubber off from yesterday.
@Teh_Puma good god YES. Their voices break my ears 
Holding my sad baby who had to watch his brother go off to a birthday party he didn't get invited to.  His feelings are hurt 
Peanut just made a funny noise, looked at me, then puked everywhere. And immediately began crying. Her first real vomit doesn't bode well 
misses Sue and she's only just gone to work.  Her working nighs sucks! 
Is Doing Her French Homework! 
@Noadi Disgusting. And very sad. His poor family. 
Awwww, nuggets! @TonyKanaan is done for the day  His car is billowing smoke. #indycar
It is heart-wrenching to be here with my brand new niece and my very ill mother in law. Her first grandbaby and she can't enjoy it. 
My poor bunny! Her toenail fell off and she was bleeding a lot so we had to put her in a box so she doesn't get an infection 
My poor bunny! Her toenail fell off and she was bleeding a lot so we had to put her in a box so she doesn't get an infection 
My kitty doesn't feel good. He's been laying in the same place ALL day! His poor belly probably hurts 
@JustHendo exactly. Its sad. Her kids r gonna suffer 
@keka_ontherocks His account is gone from my list as well.  . They did mention it was hacked a couple of days back.
@Cynical_Woman kiddo insists on the same - only on the weekends. Except his alarm went of at 5am today. His clock was out 2 hrs 
@susanreynolds - tx for asking. His kiddo's brain tumors weren't cancerous  CDC tests on why calcified? prob. weeks away yet 
My son needs a computerized axial tomography scan. His head is to big and having trouble sitting and crawling. He's 10 months old. 
is sitting in the world's most uncomfortable chair. Her back is aching and she still has six hours to go 
@ColdHearted19 Her appearance on Letterman has been canceled 
@Louiise_t His heart just wasn't in pop music anymore, so sad to see him go. DeLeon's new blog explains it.  http://symphonysoldier.com/
@erisb Ugh, sorry to hear that  Their loss.
Just got off the phone with the big boss. His new home network router uses the same IP address scheme as our corporate network. 
@MadMadMaddie I know what you mean. Their so delicious, but then it's over. 
@x_Vivaldi_x Their header teases me with longcat and it makes me sad. 
My baby boy was playing basketball at the court today and he fell. His face is bruised.  He wanna play like the older guys SO bad!
Nellers JUST got off work. Her shift was done at 8:30!   another night ruined.
@wendywings if only we knew how to do that! Their idea of self love being very different to what they actually need 
4am and the poor puppy is pacing the floor. Her hives r bad again. 
@beckycloonan Our upstairs stomps EVERYWHERE in her apartment. Her bedroom is above ours. She is a Mountain Dew commercial made reality. 
OH: My grandmother needs surgery....  Her heart arteries are bad  fml http://tinyurl.com/ns45fy
is wondering why her future inlaws are trying to ruin her wedding. His mom flat-out said, &quot;I don't care&quot; when we said it was our wedding! 
@Sommar Their website blew before, even worse now! 
Alone in my bed. My baby callin out to mi. Her cries r pullin at my heartstrings nw but i cant even get near her lest i infect her 
had a bad day. His great friend accused him of not understanding her, and that I didn't care. But I did.    
How was I supposed to know she was a crack whore in her past? It was still a funny joke. Her friendship will be missed. 
I feel so bad 4 my dad...His really good friend died and the worst thing is that he apparently killed himself  My dad is really depressed.
@majorlyepic so I went tp joanne's today. Their styrofoam balls are smalle than the ones at michaels  I'm gunna try this other place Pearl
@NSuissa   I just bought Sammy some joint/hip supplements.  His back legs aren't attached to his hips anymore.
@MissNoah is a fake! seriously! Her page doesn't exsist anymore because it's been reported by Miley. For offending me 
THAT'S IT! @polykitty just sealed his fate. His recovering kitty ass will be going to live with my mom &amp; dad. Your own doing little man. 
This guy has the same txt msg tone as me. His keeps going off. I think it's mine but it's not. So sad... 
@Gailporter why oh why do we watch this shit? That guy looks like a half formed foetus! His lips r making me ill  yuck!!!
@Anonymosity in fact this year has been very traumatic for them. &quot;Their&quot; hotel sold out. They had to stay in the one next door... 
@Tikken I bet it was Bounty! Their thirsty power probably sucked all of the moisture out of your face  Where will this end?
Oh my gosh! I just got a call from the bride. Their wedding I was shooting next weekend is off! I'm so sad for them 
Child found dead in the county beside us. Awful  Her name was Nevaeh.
@jollybenjabi Can I have your autograph? &lt;-- WHY would u do that @jules_88? His head is gonna be HUGE now ... aww mahn geez tsk 
@ncrtrolo How come Rajon don't twitter? His momma don't let him? 
@Cephikun Their almost stepdad is a cop / fireman so I can't hold movies not out yet over their heads 
is not a fan of these antibiotics! Her stomach is too upset for her to sleep! 
feels sorry for Shannon.  Her stinking boss changed the schedule behind her back and she is missing her parents anniversary party.  
The boyfriend has just had a car crash.  Apparently he's ok - just a little shaken   His mum and I had a hug when we found out 
@ErinNYC75 His back has been aching  Yesterday we was told he couldn't play today! But My Daggs is tough!
I net a little girl today. Her name is maddy and she's an angel.....who has cancer  so we're putting on a benefit for her
Going to my cousions graduation. His last name starts with A. Which means after he walks by 2 hours of boredom 
@iStuhler It's true. I just checked. Their account has been suspended, stripped of its picture, the whole nine yards. 
Lizany just left. Her mom picked her up. I wish she could have stayed longer 
Grandma's party went well today. I missed it.   Her 95th birthday is tomorrow. I'll spend time with her tomorrow for her birthday!!!
@AgentF His phone makes my Centro look shameful  *hides phone in purse*
omg these kids I work w/ just hurt my feelings  Her and her lil sister said I look about 29..I'm only 19 almost 20
@Ricksta01 that's right rick haha! Their just making noise playing the wii  did u get ur margirita 
I am sad...my cousin is in the hospital   I Love Her So Much
I sad...my cousin is in the hospital   I Love Her So Much
@suenotalex he looks taller today! He's alot better slept well last night! His nose is still crispy 
Hubby is bringing home a new kitty condo/tree for our cats.Their old one is on the curb for garbage pickup. They are howling @ the window 
Missing My ICE...His Birthday was the other day, but we didn't get to spend time together. 
Disappointed in my parents.  Their priorities were messed up today. I had to suffer for it too. Not cool!
@KevinShipp Her pitch was dreadful 
@Izzy_Artest Lol, s'all good. Ah i love that chicka! Her show doesn't come on here anymore though 
The ASPCA always makes me feel like such a bad person for not being able to afford a monthly &quot;gift&quot;. Their commercials always make me sad 
I'm really worried about my bff. Her brother just called me and asked for her mob number and now she won't answer her phone. 
At dinner with jaime. His last night 
@twituyu exactly! That's what makes me feel sick. Their supporters are not all skinhead morons but supposedly &quot;decent&quot; people 
Laying around at brittany's waiting for her to finish up eating.. Her rooms about a bajillion degrees 
@angrymarks Holy cow, Pulver done in under 1 min. His career should be done, too. 
a little bummed--our beach baptism got rained out.    God is sovereign though so I will simply trust His loving heart.
@Rookbeats he's not in it. His bumass was with yall I think when we were taping.. I aint messin with 4 too tough I don't think 
I think being a mother is the most challenging, yet most rewarding experience ever. His temp is normal again, but bumps from head to toe! 
i'm very upset that Colbert shaved his head. His hair was so beautiful 
sheesh, need to update Her Majesty's multiply site 
In order news, I spent most of my day looking for a new dress for my mother.  Her original dress for the wedding no longer fits.  
feeling bad for our nanny. Her sister is leaving Canada today to get married and C already misses her terribly  So hard
@KathyFriend Did u hear about our visit to the Indian ER today?  Her ear is infected and she is in serious pain. 
Saw my sweetie again today ^^, Her foot is still not well..  Get well soon &lt;3
On my way to the best friends house on an emergency call! Her bf dumped her  stupid hoe...
Just ran into exboyfriend's parents. His mother has brain cancer. 
@Brii1017 I &lt;3 the part with the wedding &amp; the honeymoon be4 she gets pregnant. So sweet! Her in pain breaks my heart 
@chrisworthy Just got word the grand opening has been postponed  Her credit card machine won't arrive before then.
sitting in class, Just googled &quot;His&quot; name and it has me a little more than emo 
Is listening to his grandmothers stories about her trip to chicago this weekend. Her first time going without me. 
Listening to the new @jonasbrothers album. It's...It's just not the same. Their old stuff was so.much.better. 
Making pesto pasta for memy 2nd bday dinner! Her bday was last tues, but yknw wat happened den  &amp; I messed up d cake I bought her oops!
Ok guys N a couple of hours I'll be 27 no bday sex wit d boo @ 12 we baby sittn d nephew.  His sister n d hospital might have swine flu 
@beer_chris Her taste and acumen are beyond reproach, as well as her card playing skills. 
I stayed up all nite, slept over in my bestfriend's place.Her fiance broke up with her, They've been together for 8 years..ciiaaaaan 
I have two baby ducks with me...Their mom was being chased by a cat &amp; flew away  I'm sitting outside with them to see if she hears them...
is on 2 days child sick leave.. His daughter Aria Sheza is downed with fever, running nose &amp; cough.. 
Just got home from trying to help out a friend after the storm  Her building had the roof blown off, water and glass everywhere.  
Never got the cross country train tickets. Their website didn't work, then they hung up on me three times. Could of saved a tenner. 
Daughter and I are both sick. Her first cold at 4 months old.  The big green snot-sucker thing didn't go over so well. I don't blame her.
Daughter and I are both sick. Her first cold at 4 months old.  The big green snot-sucker thing didn't go over so well. I don't blame her.
My youngest brother is sick. Fever with rashes. I feel so sorry for him. His whole body is red and itchy. 
Diggles no longer do Frappes. This makes me sad  Their coffee milkshakes are just not quite the same.
had a sad day  Met some beautiful kids! Flip I've got a bit of a challenge! But with His strength, it will be conquered. Romans 12:9-13!
Everyone please pray for Issac's family today. His funeral is this morning. What a horribly awful day. 
Praying for my friend. Her best friend just lost her 3 month old grandbaby - probably to SIDS     
Watching 2 pigeons groom. Their necks are crazy flexible. Waiting for bf so we can go park but I see clouds overhead 
@AhmNoHere oh, poppet!  Where in Her majesty's realm are you residing this evening?
http://twitpic.com/7kli9 - Her and a friend after graduation(just a few minutes or so before she died  )
is uber bummed.  Her XBox 360 has the red ring of death 
@_JoAniMaL Big Red, I like... My red truck (Her name is Cherry) is dying  Her block is cracked and she has 3-6 months left lol
@LEAFSFAN71 I'm just fine, I'm here with a friend. Her mom is in the late stages of cancer 
Going to get some ice cream with cameron. His mommies viewing was today.  I definitely know what he's feeling.
Now across the street for sushi. Their miso isn't veg.  Avacado rolls are goooood, tho.  http://twitpic.com/7ljvr
Just got home. Snuggles is staying overnight. Her first time. 
@LG090794 Thats what I'm trying.  Its so hard! Their are so many stories out their so its hard to come up with something knew... hmm...
@davidmckenzie wow....im speechless ...i love bein in worship like that ..but havent been in His presence like that in awhile i miss it 
@darrylwoodson u kno i'm NEVER sleep!! tough nite though  &amp; @onlyjonah &amp; I were supposed 2 go run this a.m. His excuse is the rain!!!
Apparently Alice cracked open her noggin.. Her first real injury and I'm missing it 
The brother and his friend have shattered my bonding time  His friend's whispering instead of talking, probs 'cause my father's asleep
@LaurenDewey Me either, but what can I do? His dad's family loves him too and they spend a lot of money to see him. 
oh noes. Her pianist for leavers can't play cause its a break, her fingers are broken!! 
@ericaatl No  Her mom was bringing her on her way to work but she got up late so she couldnt
Well damn if I didn't get on the bus going in the wrong direction.  His sign was wrong.
@srna16 agreed. Their sorbet is decent though. I'm jeal that you're chilling and that you still have your little Bangkok leftovers 
bleh bleh bleh im going to miss  the last day of school, but ill be in Floriduh&lt;3. Their goes my perfect attendance! 
Has a huge problem. Her laptop has died after 4 yrs and I have no money to replace it. I also have no one to look after BCS  shit!
just found out Ts work-week in Texas has a chance of doubling, ugh! His boss apologized profusely, which to me means its definite 
Almost time for bed. Kendyl is cranky. Her mouth must hurt. 
@alphaque @kavilan @veen1828 @visithra Her eye is all red and she can barely open it  Thanks for asking guys
Swapped vehicles with @charlaalma for the day. Her car lacks Sirius 
@allyzajim So emo.. For who?  Her?
How sad. Just heard I wont see my Italian bff in Germany at the wedding after all. Her grandma had a stroke  So sad 
@marie_scott she is a pretty dog.  I hope she wins there.  Her brother did well in MT.  I miss her already!  
@shalerbooklady My uncle, her brother, is most likely dying. She's taking it hard. Her only sibling. 
My poor sweet girl is sooo sick. Her fever is getting worse with tylonol. I hate to see her sick like this. Its her first real sickness 
I'm worried about my mommy.   Her mammogram didn't look good &amp; she was referred to a surgeon to get her results and discuss options. Ugh.
@tommcfly Is Harry still alive? His twitter is soooo... &quot;eeew&quot; 
Oh god. His jacket and shoes clash today! How did he make this mistake? 
Failed Her Exam Today !! 
I would send Her Flowers...but she movied 
I think the spider living in my left rearview mirror died. His web has gone unmaintained for days now. One of the most traveled spiders. 
Oh shit, I just realized @PoonStabby is gone. His updates cracked me up. 
@birdinhand I just don't get how someone can be that inconsiderate. His &quot;recording studio&quot; is adjacent to our bedroom. 
So...my dear friend is mad at me. His crazy wife is causing problems and apparently it's all my fault 
@cayetanasmith omg caye i cant even handle that picture. Her eyes are yearning for you 
@KayleaOBrien haha yes. His happiness is alll datt matters![: gosh how i wish i was her 
@PompitousOfLove They will leave in the morning though it's not like we will stay there all day..  Her parents would pick up up semi early
Has been banned from buying any more glasses.....MR B thinks that 10 pairs is enough! His so cruel to me 
is sad... Her panda is working and not coming round to play. 
Working from @dkunlimited's house since they're filiming a movie next door. His internet is flaky. 
@CameronW11 a) I'm sure she's fine. Her grandparents are coming up and b) why is my name spelt wrong on that reply!? 
@Lara82 It's a sick joke.  Their only fooling themselves...
WOW i can't believe candice got released  Her fans are going to miss her!
@JBnVFCLover786 I know! haha! His face was like: oh shit, I shouldn't have said that... lol. And he has officially said that he was taken 
@slimdollars porsch said she will meet u 20mins. Her phone is dead 
@_anahs iCANT why'd she do it? Even worst, here eyeshadow matched her shoes and capris! Her boyfriend gave me the side eye 
Eww, my new neighbor reeks of Asian fetish and diesel from his weedwhacker   His wife seems nice, though.
I think I'm going to go back to sports! Considering it seriously...I have to admit, I miss it; not the only thing I miss - His smile! 
hi,dad wasnt well tonight  His feet are 3x the size they should be and he was so cold all night! I wrapped him in blanket and love!
@Arezoumo His speech suggests that he sees a threat to his entire world, so he may respond by killing, you may be right. 
I am helping a good friend get setup on Linkedin  His company is in the process of layingoff. 
@thedailydish I saw the greyhound @ the vet! Her &amp; her owner both looked so sad.. 
Making a really cute gift basket for shae! His last day 
Has @bobbylongnews posted the new song yet? His myspace says he logged today, but i can't see the songs on my iphone 
Ahh!! Kiko got an allergic reaction to the shots this morning! His face is swollen  I'm scared. But this is the second time.
My cousin called 3 hours ago from Tehran. His friend's 15 years old brother was just shot in the abdomen (killed) next to him 
Maybe not! Their sold out 
Filling out paperwork so my kids don't lose their health care. Their is a notice saying that some cuts to certain programs r coming. 
My poor uncle Bob is bein airlifted back to the hospital he just got out of after weeks of agony. His bowels have ruptured apparently 
Missing my papa. Her big baby is so far away 
Is there anyone out there who has sold tickets on StubHub before?  Their site is totally confusing me and there's no contact # for help 
@bklynallergymom that's good to hear. I'm frightened to death to take my dd to theme park. Her #foodallergies are so high off the charts 
Waiting for the vet to call and then we are going to see him. His name is &quot;Tippy&quot;. He has to stay tonight and probably tomorrow night too 
Spending time getting my son squared away for a trip to Europe.  His third in three years.  I've never been. 
@ladymaryann 22 days.... and the day after I return is my teachers birthday! Her dad is in the hospital. 
@GuyHirsch http://twitpic.com/7yg2a - Her name is Neda and she was 16 
I saw this little boy soaked &amp; wet today.  His parents, whoever they may be didn't seem to care   I hope he doesn't catch Pneumonia.
@gillianvirginia aww I'm sorry darlin! As Noelle just said, &quot;fuck technology!&quot; Her phone is retarded right now too... 
Going back to sleep, might try to make some babies tomorrow night so my bf can actually celebrate fathers day. His dad is dead too 
I'm up way too early. My husband has duty at 7am and I need the car so I'm driving him to the ship. His 1st fathers day sucks 
Is gutted! Her 'puter died 
I feel sorry for our neighbor, who is dying because of breast cancer... Her story is very bad.. 
can;t believe the time has come to say goodbye to her friend Joel. His party and tomorrow will be a barrel of tears. 
He was only three, but still. His mom was there and I know it's a place for kids, but still?! I was so frustrated.  So I finished Yoda...
http://twitpic.com/855cf - His name is joe and he looks sad isn't he, thats because his girlfriend just dumped him poor guy 
@thermidor101 @anthony5uah Her father just passed away 
My wee mam got stung today. His arm all swollen 
@LilyMazahery shocker,so they only come out when there is blood? His staged press yesterday was retarded with all the fake crying! sorry 
Prayers for my doggie please. His cancer is giving him about 24-36 hours with us until he meets Jesus. My poor Hunter boy 
Barely slept. Was checking on @DeeJness from time to time. His fever wont go down. 
My hubby just cut my daughters hair.  Her hair was below her waist now it's just below her shoulders ---  me sad.    But she looks cute!
@SAlbrecht  from my recollection you didn't climb wearing a tutu or singing show tunes from the 50s so I suspect not  Their loss
The doggy people are on their way to pick him up. His bark vibrates my door  What if he gets back to his owners and come back again ....
@kezbat no luck. He can't get his vacant head around it. His words, not mine. I tried very hard though. 
@sally1962 @ReneeDeLuca That probably is just my romantic hopeful side showing. Her publicist said it was last rites. 
Riding downtown to work in the mornings without @operaben will be very sad. His temp assignment ended, while mine continues. 
Watching videos of Kerry's last....  Her taking off in the taxi and waving as she pulled off was SO Eastenders-like!!
Met @deeptialla at fc today. Her arrival saved me &amp; sowmya frm  some of d pj's @horrormeister was crackin. She left &amp; he took ovr agn 
Wishes @christoferdrew would update,update! His little quotes are pissing ne off! Their true, but come on! Be real with us 
@matthewkempster I know, AOL suck. Their software sucks and the connection is &quot;jittery&quot; 
How knows Anthony  Robbins? ? ? His ideas are inpowering whom ever is ready to change. 
Cal &amp; Shall are back! Their honeymoon pictures are posted - looks like they visited paradise 
@halsparks http://twitpic.com/34j3j - Awww! I have a Maltese, too. His name is Scout 
@STUDIOLAPIN Aww thanks.  His new mom said she would contact you, I hope she does 
@bradgallaway read the interview - nice work. His interpretation of the ending was the same as mine. 
@lucyhunter  excellent! Their first is a bit different - more quirky samples and stuff - but it's totally lovely, fave of mine too!
...going to go fall asleep in His arms... and get some real rest....   He is SO good.  What took me so long?  *sigh*
God loves you, but I am His favourite 
@eggrollstan Thank you so much.  His fever went down and he was back to his old self, like nothing ever happened. 
@misshsawyer she is good. Her teacher didn't have flu it was allergies. 
@paulagroenink well, that was nice of @andygroenink. His night to cook? 
I am proud of Tong Tji's latest product: Fruit Infussion. Their tastes are excellent! Not to mention that it's Indonesian product 
@zappos_fly  I didn't find the muddy paws the worst. It was the muddy belly. Their paws kick up mud and his black belly would be covered! 
@ roku roku with her anggio  Their beef teriyaki is delicious huaaaa
God's way is unique and yet can't be understood. He has His own time.. 
@foryoutonotice Yes, Thieves and Their Hands will definitely be on the next record 
I just donated my old drumset to a little 4th grade girl. Her parents couldn't afford to get her one. I feel good about myself 
@CALLmeJUICY I am a clean mess, haha. His name is brownie 
YAY Their party was great, as expected  ...but since it was all vegetarian, now I have a craving for... grits? *cooking grits now*
Listening to @mikasounds makes my day a lot brighter. His songs makes me smile. 
@erry_reeves Thx Ri.. That's all because of His grace  Kalo ngga, aku uda nyerah dr awal, hehe.. His grace is enough..
@chaz81 Do U have a Morrisons near u?? Their chemist should be open! 
@ BeardBurk: Their being optimistic 
@SweetWifey Her new cd is lovely. 
Guess what? mom adopted a kitty today (11 months) His name is Corky 
@lawoogie That's just how babies are  Their little rhythms are still in sinc with when they were inutero.
@acryfromthesoul &quot;Her's before mine&quot; hon. It's one of few rules I do NOT break, under ANY circumstances. 
ready for a day full of His presence  i'm expecting the best!
Daniel has won DSDS. His voice is great. 
@iMBA haha Good job getting close. Her eyes are set somewhere else though 
@hellosascha I'm currently into Emarosa. Their new album is the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit! Haha 
Has been watching Savannah Outen's YouTube covers for 4 hours. Her voice is incredible! 
How have i not been following pete on twitter for this long? His frequent updates are insightful statements of a true genius. Hmmmmm 
@SammyRevenge yeah, I did. God he's gorgeous. His eyes were all twinkling  wish we were there again! next time eh?
@Jaaycooxo  I love how he looks in light colors. His extremely gorgeous skin... *siiiigh* I wanna see him in a wife-beater (bad name lol)
@elliotellsworth I made my sister listen to 'Paparazzi' because of Patrick's sex noises. Her eyes went O.O - your reference reminded me. 
Q: What is the last thing that goes though a bug's mind as he hits your windshield? A: His asshole 
Yeahhh. Her boyfriend deffinatly hates my life! 
&quot;Why should I gain from His reward? I cannot give an answer. But this I know with all my heart, His wounds have paid my ransom.&quot; 
@theoshu Oishi is cheap, but I've never been very satisfied with most of the sushi. Their soups are excellent. Close to Edwards 
@simpleboy1997 He didn't end up proposing but we got to see the ring, he will be proposing soon yay! His girlfriend is really nice 
I bought a new pair of Converse. Their so pretty. My collection is slowly growing 
@ashertan HAHAHHA!!! Her cam was lost and now is found~ 
@conceived Perhaps not pitch black, but definitely not brown. Their camera needs proper color calibration, perhaps? 
@Aurelie88 His arms are fabulous in that movie! 
@martinowen love the idea!  Their probably isn't analog speed control on that car
Pitbull! The band. Their songs make me want to dance and They're half in spanish and half english. Couldn't be more perfect 
@BaronessHeather good idea! He always does get an A+ at the vet. His checkup is in a few months and I'll ask. Yay, I'm smiling now 
I got my new doggie. His name is Adicous. Or rather Atticious? Weiner dog! He's 3 years old. 
Having a gd morning - our swan's babies have been born!  Their tiny fuzzy yellow bodies are soo cute I can't stand it 
@_LisaL Everything revolves around THAT man! xD His big hands have driven you crazy 
@csmyers88 that you are!  Their discount was awesome!
@IndusLogic yes! His name is Hector 
@RobertHruzek Their lives were not given in vain, rich lessons were learned 
Making a Vietnamese wrap... Mmmm... Their sooo good. 
I effin' love Kina Grannis! Her and her songs!  ?
@karinb_za he has no choice, I practically force it on him permanently! His pc is in the same room as the tv, so we both get our way 
@mads_s  It's not!! I thought too ) Her real one is @itsmeleighton I miss you too! Come watch our concert 
#FollowFriday @KristineRusch is a fantastic writer whose books you'll read over &amp; over again. Her Tweets are as great as those books. 
@realworld - RackSpace have been good for us. Their new user portal is a bit of a nightmare 
#FollowFriday @JArmintrout is a genius writer who soon will have world-wide acclaim for her talent. Her books &amp; Tweets are a JOY to read! 
@seppert tumblr has found a great niche, getting the whole blog/status/sharing thing done in one swoop. Their users and investors agree 
whose lineeeee 
@LLLGirl Lol oh ok, I don't care anyways  Their loss for not being able to check my awesome... and pointless... updates lmao.
@StephStricklen awww.. cute   Her coloring reminds me of boxers 
My #followfriday this week is @gracesmith - always posting great #design related links. Her @themethursday is a clever idea too 
@Savvygrl7, oh, okae savvy, ill check it later. O yea, one of my friend wants to knw you. Her name is @BecomingBella, a.k.a andrina. 
The #coriandrexpress VIP is @KittyBalistic  Her shop is full of wonderful #handmade felt and jewelery creations! http://tinyurl.com/lp7yka
