Most common words for this cluster:
[('history', 161), ('http', 142), ('quot', 126), ('today', 113), ('com', 99), ('day', 94), ('amp', 85), ('learning', 73), ('tomorrow', 71), ('time', 52), ('i', 52), ('exam', 51)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Exhibit_Explores', 0.760728657245636), (u'History', 0.7484394907951355), (u'Exhibit_Showcases', 0.7474376559257507), (u'Author_Explores', 0.7453678846359253), (u'Book_Explores', 0.7422937154769897), (u'SKIRBALL_CULTURAL_CENTER', 0.7281476259231567), (u'Author_Writes', 0.7270781993865967), (u'Glimpses_Into', 0.717749297618866), (u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.7160440683364868), (u'Op_Ed_Contributors', 0.7146356701850891)]





Essay time.... 
omg... &quot;The Reader&quot; is making me 
4.52 am ... I'm 2 tired 2 think!!!!... Peace out!!!!... M... 5564583833755523.... 811... 
At University of Hawaii's Hamilton Library.  Doing HW  drinking orange soda 
completing reports and meetings this morning.  Interviewing people this afternoon, busy bee today blurrgghh 
my project is going down the drain  Legal issues seem to have dealt a fatal blow...
I really should be sleeping already but just can't seem to get to bed before the sun comes up. Progress on sorting out life is slow+hard. 
Why are there kids shows on PBS right now? Its supposed to be Nature! 
Essay finished, 3,605 words, very pleased with self but dreading the return to project work 
gotta stop turning in homework late, would be gettin an A in Information Systems if it wasnt for the few late assigments 
@honeybeess Me too girl  Thesis thesis.
Having some lunch &amp; watching The Women with mother... throat hurts sooo bad! 
got paid fuck all and wants to kill the lostprophets. Peace out world, i'll see you in the next life 
@jgamet Jeff Gamet is out sick for this week's Design Tools Weekly podcast. I miss him 
@PaulMdx  Visual studio doesn't  let me draw things quick enough when I'm trying to explain a concept 
Critique with skees sucks. I've had about two hours of sleep and I feel like death 
In History class. Learning about the slaves. I`m bored 
Finally going to the Social Security Offices. -__- Text me! I heard theres always a long line. 
My former Edu/Phil prof, teacher of Critical Thinking has 2ndary liver cancer: announced her Reiki Master quals. I want to shoot myself. 
@ColleenLindsay Literary agents *killing literature*,I should stop writing, crawl up my own bum, keep my words to my lit l33t friends 
Anatomy is hard 
My desk is completely covered in paperwork... None of it being related to Programming and all of it being related to taxes saddens me. 
Bored. back to school on monday. dont want to go. Math &amp; History homework to do Grrrrrrrrr. Pe moderation on Wednesday. my life sucks. 
@markygk if they are i think my mum helped me she suggested Jude Law and A Semester Abroad? i dunno though that seems a little strange 
has been watching the film The Visitor and is feeling depressed. 
Watching Where the Heart is. Family is off to Maryland and I'm sad 
Studyin for my Intro. to A&amp;P test   so glad semester is almost over!
I so am not looking forward to working tomorrow  I think ima play some Dead Space insted of freaking my self out watching the History TBC
@Minervity sorry, this: Creating a Space-Helmeted Future Retro Illustration - http://bit.ly/TiWeN &lt;--wrong 
http://is.gd/tgGE Youth kills father for not voting to chiranjeevi  #indiavotes09
Doing my History coursework  how fun.
Inspiration is laughing at me 
Today's Revision: A-level french, Japanese, and Geography. Argh 
Laptop To HDTV Problem  - Monitors, Displays and Video Cards (DaniWeb IT Discussion Community) http://tinyurl.com/c4jp6b
Gaaah, Leadership Training. 
Is trying to complete my History source-based essay. 
my parents wont let me go to the Invisible Children rescue in leeds on the 25th april 
I've got English Lit, Art, LFL/LLW, Digital Tech and Maths stuff ALL to be done for tomorrow. 
@charlotte_doyle Stuck in doing Physics, Chemistry, Business Studies and my Media movie. Sweet. 
Technology in 1998 was horrible. I have found one old old video in which I am very interested in watching, and it has no audio.   
Essay is finally done.....school tomorrow. I'm going to have to get up early...7.30 a.m. 
Need to spend the rest of the day finishing my Media Studies coursework. It's so difficult!! 
Wonders why she woke up so soon. 
Thesis all afternoon once I get back  this is never gonna end!!!
Modern technology really doesn't seem to like me! 
@Gimbi My grad proj is &quot;A Guide to Modeling&quot;. It's easier said than done  But if I pass I pass HS!!
Intro project stuff. Wahhh! 
Just bopping in the kitchen to Human League's Greatest Hits on the iPod. I almost feel young again  Kids thought I was having a fit 
woke up feeling blech, prob a cold... tho shouldn't infect my fellow webbies at Ideas5 - so might have a spare ticket up for grabs 
ANOTHER presentation on my Battery Recycling Project. Which is fine, but when will someone important notice and take action huh? 
did all my papers for Entertainment Law...YAY ME!!!...5 assignments and 1 take home exam tho 
I just finished 2 yrs Culinary Arts, now Im ready to spread my wings ...lol Just need a job now 
In Media Lab C messing with the 02R/96 desk waiting for people. Must get a G4 soon or I will go mad, want ProTools Mix|24 running 
Stuck in the Linc by myself   Charlotte decided to go to Psychology rather than keep me company!! Cor, College is boring; sucks being back
I object to channel surfing &amp; finding full on sex scenes on 2 of the 4 channels we get in our home.I wish History Channel was free. 
wth breaks over and I find out I have a History Exam tomorrow morning.  Completely unprepared, and history is my WORST subject 
@Moonflowerchild I'm at work. Press day tomorrow so I have to be here 
Smalltalk Design Patterns Companion finally came.. and my Physics one, not in such good condition as I hoped it would be. 
School. Lunch. Mall. STUDY. i have a loooong night ahead of me  Again.. Physics is POOP.
Bad morning to leave the Creative Zen Microphoto at home. S'gonna be a loud commute in this morning. 
I think Nature's gone bipolar. What happened with my 75 degrees?? 
W00T, off to the adults night at the Science Museum this Wednesday.. This one is on inventions of Wallace &amp; Gromit.. Missed to space one 
writing a politics essay on Fascism!! not fun 
I wish I could have gone to Heroes for Autism. 
@mjrobbins: syndicating your blog to DreamWidth and it says you have Bad Behaviour 
Anthropology is fun... but can sometimes be tedious 
In need of someone to finish my Mathematical Statistics take home test 
down to the dungeon to work on Service Reminders.... 
It's hard to 'hear' anything in the midst of all the election campaigning!  Rhetoric rules!  
grr...i should have stayed up last night and waited for davidmovie to let me watch the rest of The.Reader...because now it's removed 
@jamiekennedy any info regarding scream 4 reached u?i hope it doesn't happen  loved you in Criminal Minds btw.the twist was awesome!
@hibbins @chrisherring, @birdsigh 'I need you clothes, your boots and your motorcycle' (Austrian accent). Epic! Writing went well ok 
#TEDIndia apps opened yesterday btw &amp; they were supposed to announce #TEDGlobal Fellows ysterday,TEDGloobal Fellows anncement on 27 now 
@watraci Rough times with the watercolor for my final Architecture project  I kind of fixed it ? sort of? eh!
Finished the Statistics Lecture 1 (Part 1-10) Savetube became shitty so I can't download the parts 11-13.  But I learned a lot.
20 minute gap in Service 18 this morning due to the additional buses getting stuck coming in from other routes  we are looking into this!
aaaaargh !! Colloquium 2 beckons !! Have to finish the slides. 
I can't go to Youth Service! 
Learning a new language is so hard! Why am I doing this? I can say &quot;como estas&quot; and that's about it. 
Night went sideways.  Now at Maritime Labour Center event.  At a table.  Next to Leninists. 
@anked  can't mail to you  would like a talk about the eDemocracy/eGov2.0-Camp on 28.8. #pc09
Wants to go bowling and party but can't. Have to study for my Business Information System exam 
...and that's what is so sad about people today. Fiction,  for many, is far more appealing than fact 
Library at the weekend sucks 
Exams coming on tuesday and i'm still here! I need to unwind before going back into Geography all over again, then Literature. 
: Coaching! College!! Coaching!!! 
I have just upset my kid by telling him he can't have the new X-Men Origins game as it has an 18 rating. 
Looks like this season's first ducklings won't survive. 4 out of 10 left, and the mum dead... Nature takes its toll 
good morning. Programming today 
@PDXyogini and @soycamo : Is the &quot;Women + Tech == Yay!&quot; session really at the same time as the Yoga session?   #bcp3
Century city having lunch where is forever 21? 
Watching the National Geographic Channel, poor little baby baboons are being eaten by crocodiles 
There is a Documentation Broadcast with a man who has got tourettes..hmm its strange, im really sorry for this people...realy poor people 
http://twitpic.com/4gzx9 - Swine flu comes to Hundred Acre Wood  (Language warning)
Still up.  Writing my paper.  Probably won't go till bed until noon when its due.  
Finished my Project Monthly report. It's abt 8mb &amp; emailing it out is taking more time than the time i spend to create the whole thing. 
Needs to concentrate on History 
Doing Art Coursework 
Desk in the van ready to go!!   http://yfrog.com/3appuj
Home from Relay  Unpacking and then a kitty cat nap!!
Looking to sell my 30&quot; Cinema Display 
come see closing day of Realm!! 2:00 and 8:00. Final UArts show 
is kind of stressed out with her Tech Writing class and the three assignments she needs to turn in asap. 
nice weather in spring but everywhere in Fine Arts faulty smoking,   wished it was forbidden in campus
Listening to @PRI World Books podcast, which I discovered via #podcastfriday. I wish more would participate in that. 
What the hell? Animal Abuse   http://bit.ly/WGWUU
In the Press office. Last issue of the year! 
Huge stack of articles I thought drained for usable references and ideas produced huge stack of notes I should use. Paper will grow more. 
@barbylon How was Montgomery? The Science on a Sphere was broken at McWane. 
I lost my Invisible Children heart. 
About to watch &quot;The Business of Being Born&quot; on #netflix.  It's a documentary about hospitals using clout to gain money during birthing. 
sigh @nk_m in charge of assessment of Public Policies and Development of the Digital Economy in the French government insulted the geeks 
Watching The Art of War while anxiously awaotong impending poop storm 
I'm gone. I haven't been feeling well since I got home.  Hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow. Peace!
about hearing other people said in the movie X-Men Origins,i was disappointed.. 
What's worse than edu websites? Their terrible &quot;Online Communities&quot; and &quot;Learning Environments&quot; made of javascript and fail 
Someone in UNITED STATES didn't like Chess Tower Defense http://www.smartestgames.com/gotd.php 
Hostel breakfast, then off to buy that crazy hat I liked, then Reykjavik 871 +/- 2 and National Museum. Then airport  hopefully back soon.
@Imaginations Studying Ancient History 
Feeling really shitty. Researching popular support for the Holocaust while being repeatedly attacked is not helping. 
Academics kill me!  *waka*
.......Thesis... 
Yes! Bought a bathtub and toilet at Pet Society! Which, sadly, leaves me with 38 coins 
Should probably do something with my day off other than watch National Geographic, the other half isnt well though 
@DonnaD2009 Journalism...really enjoy it, but not so much at the min with exams! 
Studying History is never easy, especially remember 
Learning a French Speech 
Why are all the other races in Civilization always so aggressive 
Just back from the British Library's Henry VIII event. It would have been so much better if the weather had been sunny 
Called the Games Workshop only to find it will be closed here until sometime next year 
@_wendydarling I've never been to a day club!  I want to live this filthy life. Guide me!
I have no money to actually buy playboy, otherwise i would  Damn Economy fucking me with a god damn sandpaper condom.
Watching The Visitor w/ the family. &amp; feeling the full pain of dialup internet. 
uh oh bad news I spaced getting something for mothers day!! Ideas? Ideas?  - #housewife #hair stylist #dog walker #not techy savvy/into it
I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY dislike Human Geography right now. 
Were contemplating going back for Youth Service tonight but can't find a driver for the cottage Van, Disabled taxis are also unreliable 
Technology killed our warming up joke at #euruko 
hell yeah! Modern History done!!!  now... maths 
can't believe the end is nigh for Memory Makers magazine too.  So sad! 
It sucks, can't go to the Medieval Convention today  ... happens once a year and I'll miss it
Learning french cards 
Just balled my eyes watching Greys Anatomy  that show is great with depicting human relationships I think - powerful music too *sigh
Learning some important things about video editing. For example: not to forget where you stored your footage. 
Aggie Innovention Contest &amp; Design Process class:  http://tinyurl.com/pgsdzs.  Intriguing.  Wish I could've taken this class. 
looking up info on the Fashion Institute of Design &amp; Marketing in CA. bummed though bc w/ tuition &amp; housing its nearly $30K 
Humanities is annoying me even more now.. 
@Fantasy_Art Harmony Steel's website seems to be down, unfortunately. 
done Literature exammeans i'm almost free 
chillin' a la casa de JWG Photography staring at chickenscratch on a sticky note and unable to edit   ...I need my own mac!
chillin' a la casa de JWG Photography staring at a chickenscratch login on a sticky note and unable to edit   I need my own mac!
@freegovinfo help! What is the software Open Library uses for determining a book's copyright status. I can't find this info anywhere. 
it's really unfortunate that I'll probably never have the Renaissance man 
I am so sad I can't go to Honor Society this weekend. AND I didn't win the team Jonas contest. This weekend is going to stink on ice 
Graphic design is the most difficult task for me 
is having Principles of Computing lab session. *yawns* boring. sleepy. urrrgh. work later, damnit. 
Late night Paper session 8 pages to go 
I am at my new house! Freedom somewhat has a bitter taste. I am a bit emotional at the moment 
@crazytrain1978 pulled up short of sending 'account details' as  an attachment though. Ethics got in the way  ...
Just found out that I got exams in History n Philosophy, n Politics n Human rights... Sort of sad  But also sort of glad 
@mariekeguy V good yep. Environmental stuff is a bit depressing albeit interesting. Planet in v bad shape (as we know but ignore)  #futr09
@patrickcphoto hey there P! how are things going in your busy life?? I am sad I can't be there for your Model Appreciation!!! 
@The_Librain Tradition and change  never goes down well, but after I am sure they'll see the rewards and agree!
Learning guitar...my fingers hurt!! 
I am done with all my work and as soon as bossman dips I am gettin my study on.  Anatomy test tonight 
*thinking what to do next..Financial Theory Homework, Building Assignment, Risk Management assignment oh &amp; Fractional Interest 
So... Farming low level herbs is boring  
Greys Anatomy has never made me cried that hard before. omg, not george 
Looks like the 5K Cancer Research Race for Life at Kemble is going to be a very, very soggy one. Torrential rain here 
Arrg I hate essay's  especially when they are about Eugenics *sighs*
So my mum is in the states and i want her to bring stuff back for me, but the only stuff i can think of is junk food.  Ideas?
@Cheeviee Research &amp; Data Amalysis... Zzzzzzzzzzz.... 
Is excited to make an Excel spreadsheet of her Address Book/Contacts 
This is what I call, Technology Devotees.... we all are becoming so freaking dependent on technology!  piTy!
@HoptonHouseBnB Translation - sorry, trying to fit around 140 characters 
Learning irish - its hard 
Learning for test tomorrow 
Youth pastor is leaving my church.. 
I'm beginning to regret throwing out 99% of my closet. Society still demands you wear pants. 
Finishing Up my National History Day Project  
Wisdom tooth=kills! Ahh I can't chew gum on that side anymore 
@ubvs Your website is broken  Trying to find an advisor so I can register for Art History but I can't get in!
Quadratic Equations suck.  
Wisdom teeth are a bussstt 
Wishing I were @ the Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Conference in Detroit right now.  Next year for sure!!
It's 3 in the morning and school's in less than 4 hours. Why am I still up at this hour? Researching for a fucking General Paper essay. 
Why is twittering so much more interesting than writing about eLearning in Further Education?    
Writing Holocaust Paper... very depressing 
Righty-o... Library times.. am gonna have to stay till late 
really doesn't wanna do the Literature project 
's trying to work through a book called: Integrated Organisational Communication. It's just so super boring 
Humans/Professionals - imperfect after all 
Finish reading Argumentation chapters tonight = FAILED.  I'm gonna have a lot to do tomorrow.
EcoCinema2009 6th Int'l Environmental Film Festival - http://tinyurl.com/qbn255 but not @hcinema ? 
@explosivityy Public pool 
The Lost Art of Reading Aloud- http://tinyurl.com/pg75zy  Interesting take. No one has ever read aloud to me. 
I'm going to bed.  It's WAY too late   On the plus side, I got to use The Union in my final paper for Social Ethics 
I think I failed the History test.. 
Urgh i have to study my Strategic Information Systems today!!  Tea first!!!
Human Rights and Medical Law. Joy is thee. 
I've been up all night. I'm deathly sick. There's no way I'm doing well on this histology final. AHHH! Freedom...so close...yet so far 
Technology just conspiring against me today 
I miss my classmates on Sacred Heart Academy. Batch 2008-2009. 
Headed to Statistics. 
howdy... incredibly happy despite lack of sleep! Essay extension= good! multimedia performance to finish for wednesday = bad 
Is going to study soon. History was tough today 
In History lesson 
I have such a case of the Mondays.    Who says that?  I do... But only because Office Space is one of the funniest movies ever made.
&quot;Taking queues from history's greatest musicians,&quot; Journalism is going down 
Ethic Test today. I didn't even sleep all night. Now I can't stay awake. What can I do? 
In not looking forward to the Graphic Design Essay which is due before the end of term, your bloody kiddin' me! 
If only time hadn't run out my Mechanics exam would've been awesome! 
finshed the Literary History's exam, bossed the Romanticism question...but my dog is sick 
@amandacdykes don't have a summer  Starting a new job as a Technology Integration Specialist! Exciting but no summer
huh... I guess, I am Just Another her  Private Collection 
@PaulPurcell I had then entire series downloaded but then that hard drive crashed. Western Digital fail  Only made it to S4.
Stressing out about Computer Architecture exam. Why do they make us learn this? I doubt I'll ever really need to use most of it 
In Business Economics. 
3 perspecitves approach to Open System Science: Synthesis, (missed the other two  ) I'm getting slow #TEDxTokyo
HOLY SHIT. AS Philosophy exam in 3 hours people i so cant effin do this. I'm totally bricking it right now !!!!!    x
Hoping Billy has a good time. Studying Network Security today. 
Thanks to all new followers! I don't know why I'm not getting anyone following today  Whem it is possible, I'll return! Peace ..
@RatheeshP The best would have been External Affairs ministry! Disappointing  ...  
is in Business Studies  so so so so happy its friday ! yeyyyyyyyyy But not so happy about the terrible rain  x x x x
Also, since when is being polite and attempting to be sociable 'encouraging' someone?  Interpersonal fail.
FINANCE - lecture. quite booooring 
Learning about how Microsoft Project can make business &amp; project management even more confusing... 
Philosophy for me again today. Buuh, I don't want to study anymoooorreeee 
@galooph Trade you. I'm at a desk. Writing endless documentation. 
Yearbook luncheon.....last one ever  my 7th and final yearbook ill ever contribute to the making
is in Applied Info Technology 10, roasting in the unbelievably warm weather 
Finished. That is the fastest I have ever done a chapter. I'm going to take a break! Circuit Class at 10am at Fitness Evolution! Yay  !!
Wisconsin Historical Society has kinda failed me.  @raanve is actually filling out a comment card.
Why did I ever thinking choosing a course entitled: 'Advanved Neuroanatomy' was a good idea?!?!?!?!?!?! 
And a quick look at my i-tunes tells me I am totally lacking some Journey.  
Saddest day of my life. What I thought was a Medieval Times restaurant is really a giant adult sex store. I wanted to see jousting 
Learning about Sustainable Design 
@KittySorceress But unfortunately because we are a territory when the Legislative Assembly approved Gay Marriage the Feds could reject it 
Youth was sad tonight because phil is leaving 
Studying for Spanish and US History Exams tomorrow. 
@doreenhowell  Freedom costs us minimal dollars, compared to the major lives lost 
Scientific Motor Body Works failed to deliver... Won't get my car back until next week 
@PreDevCampPhx those docs aren't what I'm looking for sadly...  I am looking for explicit documentation on System Libraries.
I really want to go to Humble Art's Party tomorrow, but probably have to work overtime again. 
is honestly shocked at how much of a pig she allowed herself to be.  Discipline challenge: lose 5 pounds!!!... http://plurk.com/p/wxfk2
No Topic Maps talks at the Balisage Markup Conference 2009   Program online at http://tr.im/mL6Z (via @bobdc) #topicmaps
decided 2 trans frm relaxed 2 natural hair but i wish my whole head looked like my roots.  Age of the instant gratification....
I got a new high speed Machine stuffed with latest technology for Development in office but it z crashed now 
won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Summer Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding 
Checking out Ciege Cagalawan's S/S Collection and I am regretting that I did not see his collection tonight  I got invites!
I've got a bit of neckache after going hard (not going home) at Alternative night. I mean I have to, it's nearly all over 
Trying to revise Environmental Studies and write my personal statement at the same time is really hard!! 
Art History Quiz...  I didn't study 
am about to sell my Medieval trading pavillion... v sad 
@MouseGoesSqueak ahhhh.same here with Geometry, like i said b4, if i didn't have it, i would be graduated!! so i feel ur pain hun! 
I though the clothes of AW0910 Collection from +9 designers will be there, together with the visual arts, but it is not 
@LifeCoach2Women  i wasn't able to go the conference.so I didn't get the outline.. however I have been doing my own &amp; it's coming along.
@grentone Content content content .... gah! Story of my life right now - thx for reminding me. That's what I should be doing v. Tweeting 
Eurgh.. Revision.. Who invented History? 
Thus far, Metaverse U has used the Second Life = Virtual Worlds, rather than the gamier Terra Nova usage. I'm in the TN camp  #metaverseu
@dai_bach I'd suggest #pta for such alerts, but PTA generally stands for Parent Teacher Association in the US &amp; might confuse tweeps 
I'm gonna cry    I went bad at my History test ! I really hate History  !
Musem equaled FAIL!!!!! hall of fucking life was closed cause of construction 
Sooo the Children's Museum was closed for a fund raiser when we got there.  annoying
awww  Lukes been evicted from the Quiz 
Rats the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com I'm too late. 
@chicksnchickens and @momtv the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com (missed it)  but thanks for tweeting about it
Crisis: forgot my fringe comb  I'm with men....no one will help me
I seem to have run into a bit of a keychain issue.  User differs on /Library/Keychains/System.keychain, should be 501, owner is 0  
@Media_Molecule where is Sackiroth 
Wonders why its so hard for me to concentrate... 
Homework &amp; Study Guides 
Am now a member of International Thespian Society Troupe #6492!! Now if I can only make my family stop fighting....sigh 
@Media_Molecule play my shitty levels :-D I got a bit too ambitious on one and broke the thermometer  so it only got half done!
Is on the way home .. Clubs were wild .. Drama everywhere where we go ya dig .. Early start tomoro though 
@Childhood I was at knitting playgroup so I missed the chicks' show too    I'll have 2 listen On Demand
Ah dammit, I forgot about my History project... 
@jackal27 @ addison_l And you guys were right, my Color didn't have a backlight. 
Playing the Guitar a little while longer and then going to sleep! Coaching soccer for the last time until the fall tomorrow.. 
@limecello Sowwy.  Intellectual property...wow...stimulating.
Cookery sucked 
Revising for History. 
I hate orals!!! Language oral exams are so hard   http://twitpic.com/68vwe
@beverleycuddy well sorry but that rules out the &quot;stage fright&quot; tears from last night!  Diversity to win!
Woo I had a hair cut ^^ Not much different but shhh and like it! But boo time for History  least I am in the sun
watching Pulp Fiction - my fav. film but critically for essay 
@theredeemed Ideas, but no way of tracking him down. All I can do is put the word out and hope for the best, which I'm doing 
Better start these past papers  -start off with the easiest (English) then get to the harder stuff (ie Geography) 
http://twitpic.com/6902y Peace in the sky i cant enjoy 
Still sorting out this Identity fraud stuff these monsters have really stitched me up.   feel like crying!
Learning.... bad weather outside. 
Freedom ends tonight at 9pm  lol
@sudhamshu Oops. i'm sorry. The Competition is accepting entries. It's not open for voting yet. 
@brianbreslin @facebookmiami @UlisesOrozco and everyone else: I can haz #fbmia stream? Archive even better. At work and can't watch today 
I think I left my Senior Collection paper in my car....my car is in the shop..... 
had interview, got job...  not appropriate at this time  Dedicated and enthusiastic Music teacher still available - any takers?
40 mn for presenting Visual T# at #CodeCamp is just not enough! Just time for half the presentation! 
@lucylumcfly mmmmm yeah! History for me, suckkkky Vietnam! Hahaha my wet hair a dripping everywhere  x x x
walking home from the post office see Animal Safety truck and complete paw prints in blood on sidewalk, like full on dipped in it 
Boreedd... Studying History!!! 
BGT finals tonight... tough one to call but my fav atm is defo Diversity, bookies seem to disagree tho 
@joecrm CRM 3.0 Small Business Edition (for SBS) could send and receive (promote) faxes out of the box. I was sorry tosee it go 
#BGT want Diversity to win but dont think a dance act will win coz votes will be split between 2 dance groups 
I want to fast-forward to Diversity 
How long will the press give Obama a pass? Journalism is dead 
Graduate I did!! I realize it's been 7 days but I haven't heard any protests. I do apologize I came down with a bad cold 
Somehow the Window Media Player on my Mobile doesn't play sound  The sound comes well on other players.
RMC RE-tweetness: [Wayyy] Inside The NBA: Western Conference Game 6 Analysis [Video] http://tinyurl.com/n9fvy5 [we turrble, kinney!  ]
My Gramma'z telling me a story of Domestic Violence...itz a crazy world out here 
@rawr_megasaur  never! Diversity
@gardengnome1 Pretty bad, isn't it? (i.e. Human Society) I had no idea. 
Aw  Diversity to win it now!
#bgt If Diversity don't win I will cry 
 I really wanted her to win lol. I kinda guessed Diversity were gonna to win anyway. 
&quot;im sorry, can u turn around plz?&quot; (checks his jeans) thatll be all- dismissed! im not associatin w/ u or ur knockoff True Religions  srry
Dammitt!! Textbook store was closed  off to the regular bookstore!
YOU were going in this morning. Women basher  @BelizeDaHype what time you stoppin' by my store?
I had a fabulous day at work today, but my feet hurt  Now I plan to research for my Theory of Knowledge project... Long night ahead!
@PaulaFanx13 Diversity  pure rage hi i wanted susa 2 win 
why is everyone saying Diversity won? won what? my summer is gonna be the worst one yet  going away with people i hardly see!
I wanted Shaheen to win not Diversity 
This Darfur vid  http://bit.ly/69QZE  makes me feel sad and upset, not 2 mention feelings about Human Rights lack 
Crying my eyes out at Greys Anatomy 
This Darfur vid http://www.youtube.com/watch? v=5DcFs4NSDT0&amp;feature=related mks me feel sad&amp;upset, nt 2 mention Human Rights lack   
damn, i was really hoping #Diversity was referring to the racial &amp; cultural kind 
Electrical fire at the mall so I get out early - 1 point; Learning I have to get rid of my kitchen sink - -5 points 
watching &quot;Nature's most amazing events&quot;. It truly is amazing and kinda sad to watch 
Then again you need boobs to be able to provide a proper canvas for rubbings on a braile t shirt  ~sigh~ Nature hath endowed me w/ fuckall
Cultural Anth. doesn't transfer to NMU so I think I have to switch to Human Geography for summer. ahh I don't wanna start school again 
@jordanknight I am watching the Full Service Concert...oh wait it was cancelled, guess no full service for me and the rest of my posse 
...Wow. Marriage nightmare stories are scary.  poor girl.
just woke up from a nap... Diversity won! yeah! gonna hunt for vids on yt  on a sadder note, im very congested this morning 
Or at least I do... I should never watch Food Network. I get really hungry watching it. 
@Taeshi Hue is my baby  i love him dearly. Character design for spectrum spelunker is my fault.
I can't wait for Princess Protection Program 
?????? ???????????, ????? ??????????  ???? ? ?????? ?????? The Prodigy &quot;Experience&quot;
ok my knees are sore as hell now from all that walking. &amp; not 4 any fun or acceptable reason either goddammit   Aging is most inconvenient
Going to sleep (hopefully)... shall be home in the morning... Orientation is this week 
About to embark on 'Trade Union' and 'Poverty' revision with my son who is revising for Economics A-Level...on a beautiful day like this 
@velvethammer @the_OT @Chriscarroll50 - Yeah we need a Constitution Czar sadly... ohh wait isn't that SUPPOSED to be the Supreme Court 
I'm sorry to say that I have to join the crowd.  #fuqtwitter #ohnotheydidnt  Society made me do it. ha
This Darfur vid http://bit.ly/13L9fs    mks me feel sad&amp;upset, nt 2 mention Human Rights lack   
Just prestiged on Call of Duty 4- Modern Warfare i lost my gunns 
Wishes he didn't have to spend ANOTHER sunny day stuck in a dingy room in the Library 
@hydie lol yeah.Ive ben talking about Diversity all morning. and well its not worked 
is about to write two English Literature essays which I was supposed to do yesterday 
Just caught Family Outing! omgg..hilarious! i dread e day when it's yejin's n chunhee's final episodes! Family wont be e same again! 
Doing History of photography final paper 
Media Cramming. 
German and History tomorrow....:/ and German orals. 
Ipod on shuffle and up full blast, lying on a sun lounger and revising History  but i may read breaking dawn again soon 
Trying to absorb &quot;Factors that Impact Business Actitvities&quot; facts for tomorrow test 
Back on Law but don't know where my Tort Law notes are  I'm a mess when it comes to this subject!
@SusanWiseBauer That sucks  I'm spoiled now, can't fly anything other @JetBlue.  Btw, reading History of the Ancient World now, LOVE IT!
AWESOME!!! Bill &amp; Teds Excellent Adventure is on TV :0).....oh.....ive gotta fix stuff 
is not looking forward to the #imaginecup Game Development Finalists announcement tonight 
Listening to Meet the Press discuss the nominee for Supreme Court Justice.  Just what we need, another liberal judge 
History project. 
@missargument We're still in mourning over the loss of WaPo's Book World section. 
So happy for Diversity last nite!!!! But im in agony after the hike to the party in those heels 
is back after a busy weekend....back to work tomorrow....but without a car  Public transport it is!!
#astd09 -- I think I'm the only one twittering from ASTD's Virtual Conference - I feel so alone!!! 
@joemcd Maths: Cumulative Frequency Graphs, Science: Physics Booklet. 
I'm doing History because I really cant get motivated to do English thats bad aint it 
TO Women's half not as badly organized as thought it would be, but still not keen on necklace. 
@thaza: I felt that way too! ha yeah I love Diversity but I feel many of the singers weren't as good 
I will be at the Louisville Girls Leadership Summit Graduation. I hope it's fun. It's going to be so sad tho  Last time being the chair.
I'm doing the most boring school projects. yeah that was plural. Math and History.  sadness
Revision break. I think I'll be ok for 4 out of 6 exams this week. I'm SCREWED for History and probably for Chemistry too 
@emberinthedark Stoicism would be a total romance killer, though. I don't see ol' Spocky getting stupid smitten and giving kisses. 
What a waste of a lovely sunny day- planning this half term's science, this week's Literacy and writing school reports 
Exam tomorrow morning, on Mechanics with Quantum Mechanics. It won't go well. After that a free week until the Solid State and EM exams. 
is watching Inside 9/11 on the National Geographic Channel.. WOW.. this show kills me.. So SAD  &lt;3
School Website: 6/1/09 - SPEECH Final Exam 12:18-3:40pm Auditorium. Thanks for the reminder, I'm still not done writing 
Learning the ins and outs of the rear derailleur. I'd rather be riding than repairing today 
@ursulaisgomita I'm interested in Arts &amp; Culture and Environmental Studies...but I hear the latter is really tough to get into. 
Thinking about the BIALL Legal Foundations course in Sept, but why does it have to clash with my choir night?   
Review one down. 3 to go. 
Unveiled Community site is down, -&gt;&gt; http://community.myunv.co.cc I have no clue what's wrong.. 
heading to my Religion Lessons. I've missed it for 3weeks in a row, so its gonna be awkward. I hope the teacher won't get mad @ me 
Trying to BS my way through this Human Sexuality paper. 
I am now VERY bored of uploading stuff onto my school's Learning Platform 
@sweetie_pi @greenani Writing academic peer-reviews requires time, concentration and ensuring that you write a solid statement 
thinks Virtual Machine technology is very very scary 
Studying for the History test 
My turtle is dead  Rest in Peace, thanks for your company, bye my little friend.
@pickardpink.... Friendship hardrive crashes 
@socalvixen workin' then Library to study for finals this week... 
Scoping out some niche market opportunities while taking a break from my book on Psychological Experiments. Damnit I dropped my popcorn 
Wisdom is better than weapons of war. ~ Ecclesiastes 9:18 //obviously, Republican christian conservakooks skipped that one.  
I really want to watch Career Opportunities but amazon.com doesn't have it on video demand. 
@darrenthedude We're supposed to be going to a convention/concert thing...Planning to explore as well, just dunno if I can go now 
@JasmineMcGregor High Edward's Novel Project  I should have gotten it done earlier, but I had work loads elsewhere... Muh it's dum.
Improved on all my past SAT scores! I'm pretty happy. Today kind of sucked. Tomorrow probably will as well. Physics presentation. 
@prncsstwtrtoes Freedom not to be able to marry someone you love. I don't think that's a good definition... 
@Seddie2yacom Aww... but you CAN'T quit Seddie2ya Era, I won't see the day you quit. 
My International Relations/Law class starts only a few days before my birthday  oh how sad
yeahhh I got my summer classes figured out! taking Physical Anth. instead of Cultural Anth. I still don't wanna start tomorrow though 
@majornelson what's up with a riot shield in Modern Warfare 2?! I think they are just trying to use weapons from other games as ideas but 
Learning for the Advanced Security exam 
Failed Science exam. It was soo hard   Have to studyy have 3 exams tomorroww.
@voidboi It costs 10-butteloads of money for Adult priced tickets  It's like double what student prices are!
Someone tried stealing shit in my house when I was outta town &amp; almost caught!! Fingerprinting tomm &amp; only a few tiny things missing 
Writing reports  gawd I hate this part of my job  crai: Writing reports  gawd I hate this part of my job :.. http://tinyurl.com/n2zdjy
Slept in Physics and Maths A, got jumper marks on my forehead  Worried about Personal Project, relived @ rumor that it's due week 8.
@Riccoz to be hounest, disaster. Service incredible, food not even worth one star 
@McNeillsWheels ha ty. wasnt many tips i got from it  Studying a BInformation Communication and Technology... how about you?
Has RMPS exam at 1. History tomorrow at 9. And gets to round off the week with Art on Friday at 9. YAY 
surbhi04Need to write an Essay!!!  #Battleground
sorry guyz but I am off to look for my marks I got at my Film studies essay... 
Right, today's jobs are these: 1. Finish Student Finance 2. Jobwork 3. Typography project re-do 4. Jobwork 5. Finish and sleep.  Sun?
Needs to do law summary!! Law =  
another gorgeous day outside and I am stuck in the office    Congrats to Diversity though, they were fantastic on saturday night
@HereticalNumero &quot;Mastery of the Self thru complete self-discipline.&quot; --&gt; which I'm utterly laking right now  But is something that I want
I'm still sad at the fact i missed the Poly Tausala for Photography! 
@QueensCouturei hadn't been outside yet, andnow I have NO. Motivation to get outta bed. 
 ..had to turn back to North due to body on line. So missing Design Council Design 4 Tech Transfer event   http://bit.ly/pXrzV...
Desk is piled a foot high and still not ready for tomorrow. Might cry soon 
My new school dosnt have Marine Studies Or Geography 
4 hours to solve Image Cropping issues, what a crap 
@james_a_hart yeah, if only the compiler would let you have initializer syntax anywhere BUT an initializer..  (i.e. an Action&lt;T&gt;)
@jonnyyiasoumis We're screwed for Politics... we really are 
I was having a good day until my Student Loan annual statement arrived 
All day watching Him play volleyball. Those beautiful eyes... I could stare at them all the time. &lt;3 Now-learning History. Test tomorrow. 
Class again at least im starting to understand what he is talking about. Lab is still going to suck 
knows someone who has been physically abused by their mate. Violence against women must stop! http://www.ncadv.org 
Journalism has no future? That sounds pretty morose  http://tinyurl.com/m7hnqd #com466
First session this morning-Advanced Data Packing &amp; Protection Techniques. Been to busy to post anything  #technosecurity
H5 ashleigh !  History is boring 
Stuck with Software Engineering &amp; those power failures started again 
Today is the last day of our Technology for the Virtual Office! 
Loving the sunshine. OMG Advanced History tomorrow, someone shoot me now :O 
Relationships suck so bad 
Fast up date: Not finished Engineering write up :0, Studying Maths &gt; Fucking class day and girlfriend and friends are at the beach 
@jonasobsessedx The Science tests are REALLY difficult, trust mee ! )= Screw Welsh ..  -Moves to 8B-
Water conducts heat much better than cotton. Experimental proof: pick up a hot baking tray with a damp tea towel. I did. 
Today is GORGEOUS  Little bit of a tan on the old arms ;) ah i can dream. History tomorrow though 
Streaming MS Press Conference from @IGNcom so far has been a fail  Might have to wait until its ready for download.
sitting.waiting for History class to start.. whishing i was home 
Handicapped kid jst took Winksy &amp; threw him into the little bit of water.  he's a bit soggy.
Technology is making my life difficult today 
Speech tomorow...so freaked 
can't believe Diversity won  +&amp; hates being back at school  :@
Website Design Jobs: Designer/web-designer by anneyoung: It is a re-post.  I need a graphi.. http://tinyurl.com/mb5w8u
Listening to Press Conferences... buffering... 
Arghh! Writer's block!  Drafting up some cover letters for some applications...
good night! Examen tomorrow 
I didn't make my deadline for History revision   I'll have to make good use of my time tomorrow then, I have all morning from about 11.
History projects are lammee 
No more History or Art class 
@RemyCharest Thanks for the thoughtful response. I think the history of the cookbook is fascinating. Apprenticeship continues to wane 
Give it a try.  I wish I had better Ideas.  
Just learned on Intervention that self injurers are 30 times more likely to commit suicide.  
Insecure and unloved. Friendship is hard, especially after nine years. I want to cry 
[Travel] Today has been quite warm, and yet again a hotel's air conditioning not up to job  Why do European hotels find this a Black Art?
Society rejects me 
The heels I want our out of stock. Moral of the story: you snooze you loose. 
Wish I had more than 26 days left on my Unity trial. It's going to suck when it expires and I can't afford to buy a copy outright. 
watching &quot;Inside the Vietnam War&quot; on National Geographic....I'm so sleepy 
there really is NO WAY to make a County Government Strategic Plan look engaging.  Fail.
Gym+BigMac= The same History!!  yayyyyy
Intervention is so sad and depressing 
@Childhood   no...my computer shut down   
@IBAG_ you never watch In Living Color with me! 
@crazy_moon I'm having this problem, too. I wanna do a Creative Industries minor.. why aren't more artsy things in the bachelor of arts? 
Aww...the Humane Society just picked up the baby bunny we found  Brayden fell asleep holding him 2 keep him warm, he has such a soft heart
X-Men Origins disappointed me 
@Homage bellydents sounds like celllulite to me 
Doing some major studying for the Social Studies assessment tmrw morning 
@CrixLee Technology is giving you a beating tonight.  That sucks.
The tops from Future State are nice but why 40% off for 2nd piece not the 1st piece??? So not good 
Essay isn't going so well. I'll be up for a couple more hours 
In Architecture Building, all day research meeting with external network - will look at the sunshine thr' the window  #yam
has to spend the day at Farm Business Survey entering financial data into a spreadsheet 
@AceyBongos hmm no new News for an Release of Community Games in Germany? 
At the amount of job i have in hand.. the Public holiday announcement doesn't make me feel good at all.. 
@janole I'm getting a &quot;Network Error - 1&quot; &amp; on connecting it just says &quot;Connected&quot; not &quot;Connection established&quot; anymore?! No updates now! 
I'm so scared  tomorrow I'm having a terrifying credit in History of Foreign Literature and I'm not sure if I can pass it ;(
Going to settle down to some History revision - I really should learn those dates as the exam is tomorrow  AHHH
National Archives has a nice web-interface, search for: suffrage http://www.digitalvaults.org feminism gives no hits 
is sitting in the Uni Library and still procrastinating  
Sitting in on our System Architect training for other detps, odd how Anti the  delegates are. 
I don't think History could have gone any worse if I'd vomited over the exam paper. Probably would have got more marks for that anyway 
Latest Illustration - King Monkey Lunchbag Art - http://bit.ly/vQ7Vg - This was actually stolen from my Desk last nite 
Just discovered International Fetal Alcohol Awareness Day.  Now I am sad   Preggers ladies, please don't drink.
Heading to school now. Promotion will be tonight after school so need to go through an entire day of school first 
Hates Business and Economy revision 
Sunny weather  Writing paper 
Paris. 1:53 pm. Glorious sunshine. Lots of work to do. Library closed 
Ready for client meeting. Now working on Social Media workshop... that I was really interested in doing, but have since lost interest in. 
I'm doing my Junior Cert Tomorrow! English Paper 1 and Paper 2!  My hand will be falling off! 
@sidin The 'Search for Peace' service is unavailable. 
@mmfernandez It's good. I'm a sucker for a new world to explorer in a free roaming game, and climbing all over stuff is cool. Writing is 
Geometry and english2 exams ugh!  I wanna c paramore 2day! But i wont       R.R!
@jchutchins And still it isn't possible to order Personal Effects: Dark Arts in german book stores (I just tried it) 
Watching The Terminal in Geometry. Last day in this class!! 
I miss my Literature major friends  Just got my shifting forms a while ago. I'll be with new and unknown people next term. 
fighting off a total depression about the lack of job opportunities in Academia.  
My throat hurts from too much Color War cheering. 
History 
Sometimes I just really don't wanna be a grown up..  Childhood went far too quickly.
@jclwilson It was the history. crusades!  What teacher do you have for Archaeology?
doesn't wanna go to Anatomy 2 for 5hrs 
Philosophy was boring  i can't really imagine that religion will be much better :/
Relationships are hard to come by. I really liked him. 
So tired. I just ended .. Cause i was studing Biology  ok . See you all tommorow twitters. Peace out !
Still curled up in a little ball like a potato bug after dealing with Unemployment Office Nazi Robot this morning. Bureaucratic bullshit! 
2morrow Biology and History huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu helllpmeeeeeee 
@krist0ph3r Yesterday I heard a kid of say 10-12 swear in the choicest language possible, at a supermarket. Innocence lost probably.. 
LITTLE JOY. Playing live on State Street in Santa Barbara right now... but I'm not there  ...  Stupid Finals/Essays/Studies.
My Ghds are broken. And I can't find anything. And I'm going to fail History. And this is my last day of high school. I hate today 
@Therapist_Model  probably don't want to hear from me, boo hoo
Forecasting : Weather  :: My Parents' House : Internet Connectivity/Stability  
I have never been so nervous in my life. History is making me so depressed. 
Apparently I have a French exam as well as a History today... WHAT, I wanted to go home and chill 
with enough caffeine I can write an essay. Writing a play needs creativity. Creativity doesn't come from a can 
Could this day take any longer? Stuck in Small Business Management 
Experiment failure: no breast enlargement specialists are following me 
Attending Observer's Ethical Awards tonight- anybody else going? I'm by myself 
5am, still not done.  Thesis will prob be like 80 pages. Not THAT long, but a hell of a lot to write in a few days. No sleep again 
Depressions, Anticyclones, Ecoclines, Forcasting, Population, Migration, Mangroves, Transnationals, Fairtrade 
is a little sad that her volunteer work at thge Leukaemia Foundation has ceased as of today cause they are centralising transport 
Learning Czech literature 
@l0zza Aww, you in college  I'm sat working on some Computing papers and responding to emails lol.
Danish/History! 
Drama201 exam in two days - AND a Criminal Law exam the very next damn day!!! HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just checked the back seat to make sure Justice was ok and then remembered she wasn't there. And now the tears are flowing 
Ugh! Wisdom teething 
Geometry first period 
three things why I hate this day....:  1.it was stupid in the school 2.I have tons of Learning 3.today, I have no time for my friends... 
@maynaseric I wanna add that to the right side of the post!! . Exploring how to do that!! 
Last Day of School.  2 Finals Today: English and Chem (besides Physics these 2 will probably be the hardest)  
@SteveDahlShow this &quot;mr. Memory&quot; guy just mentioned you and disco dem on the radio. I miss you  radio isn't the same without you.
@MrsHarrisonBHS I'm mad cuz Creation doesn't have enough $$$ 2 pay 4 them 2 play this year 
I miss Snigglets ... the original Urban Dictionary 
National running day!!!...I plan to celebrate by resting my sore ankle 
Wooop 2 more exams to go.. History n Textiles.. oh and a maths module 3 re-sit 
@alicam template shops are below my game, being #nospec since 2001.  Climate site looks like a 6 year old coded it, the code is so bad. 
Spanish today, twas alryt but now i'm stuck doing History Coursework  At least the sun is out 
Special Relativity Quiz today.... studying for it..... i forgot to set my alarm clock dis mornin so i missed swimming  noo
gosh, deep in some Moral assignment. I can't believe we have to study Moral in COLLEGE! 
@Paleo_princess i'm still fiddling, too. i wondered if -protein, +carbs would get me there. i just hate the carb/insulin rollercoaster 
History 
I'm home. &amp; my back is killing me! Health&amp;Social = BORING i wanna be in the other class 
Bombed my Science final. And I even studied for it. 
@itsmachupicchu I hate work spam! I get daily emails from Skillpath Seminars. 
@MzChrisRose @Expert_Image @at100747 @alyciatomora thanks... I hate that I'm driving w/o my I.d  o well guess I'll &quot;drive slow homie&quot;
Library computers are so gay.   
My work trac server has just died without explanation, and won't come up. Presentation on trac tomorrow. It's going to be a long evening 
River Tame Flood Risk Management Strategy Consultation. Closes 10 August (Massive PDFs  ) http://is.gd/NkZn Public mtgs next 3 Fris
Cleaned up and updated my Deviant Art page.  I *will* start drawing again.  I miss it. 
I'd equate it to the Libary of Alexandria burning down everytime I take a cooldown lap... Mankind is losing so many songs &amp; story ideas.. 
Had an okay day today! Geography was good! Economics 2887 was fairly bad 
Planning on going swimming from 4:30 pm to 6 pm. Need to catch up on Economics and do Food Lab by Monday. Beginning to hate school 
@Kellers536 haha I know, but i remember us talking about how much you love Northern Liberties. And I dunno next time I come back 
So today is National Doughnut day.. get a free doughnut at your local bakery. Sureeee.... I can't even get one today 
Workshop cancelled  No yoga for me
Geography Exam today = Total fail  bad timess...
@nneoma I wanted Diversity to win  Flawless were good but Diversity were proper off the hook!
Hey #socialmediatv Refreshing didn't work   (Social Media TV live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NjV)
Scouting alternate location for the Child Protective Service office. The hospital didn't approve of our film's content... child murdering 
why don't we have National Doughnut day  i want a krispy kreme!
Service quality going south in eurostar premier lounge. Barely no food, half of the usual drink choices and less than welcoming staff 
@MizorMice Where else would i be. Economy is doing terrible 
In worl History class.....Writing whether we should be ashamed about the holocaust evest....so sad 
@jondickinson The only solution appears to be to tell Win7 not to monitor AV status in the Action Center or tell WHS to ignore the issue. 
Learning by doing: never use soy milk to make instant pudding. It will never set. 
Apperently it was National Donutday but nobody told me 
still not eating a doughnut on National Doughnut day. 
Lost my Oakleys at a Criminal Law Conference, Sulking 
Technology hates me today 
@amirtedros you don't have a camera? Filmmaker fail! 
Oh gee... I missed National doughtnut day! 
Due to unforseen circumstances I will not be playing at Urban all ages party tonight... sorry kids 
@vllg Link via Design Observer isn't working at tinyurl.com/phrkn   
Vital Information #2: Space travel will make people ugly  http://tinyurl.com/p3u8n3
I don't want to read the books for my sociology class: Crime, Law and Society.  
The Metropolitan Museum of Art shops are closing!  I finally picked up some hawt jewels on sale, tho!
Homework - At the moment it seems near impossible to avoid! Working on Media Theory...oh joy! 
@DJLaser Interior Design, its my last year so work load got 1000000x bigger..  iv been sick so iv been neglecting it.. gta catch up
At carrows right now. Service is horrible. 
Finally done with my Philosophy paper. I think my head exploded 
Wants NOFX/Bad Religion tickets. No hope in getting any though. 
Just back from Technology Enhanced Learning summer school in SLovakia #telss09; poor bandwidth meant Twitter and v. all else didn't work 
Missing Sexy Security Council 
Left my Geography homework long enough.. gotta start it now  ... tell me something that isnt boring about homework please... 
@like_herod Are you still coming to Art Clash later? It's the gloomiest ever weather here today 
Intro to Law marathon for today: Ratio Deciendi to Leading Case..stress. I hope our classes will be moved to next week 
@Zut_Radio @southerndelite  I like U folks as a people .. just don`t like the US Int`l Politics&lt;&lt;&lt;who does? The home side needs a fix !! 
@HoptonHouseBnB  #elevensestime Not to worry - know what that's like ! Broadband+Rural Area =  BTFail! 
currently on chapter 51 of saunders. Oncological disorders. I feel soo sleepy. It's so quiet in here. I miss our noisy lovebirds. 
My face feels like It's going to explode. Wisdom teeth may be gone but pain is sticking with me 
haha sadly no.. I'm doing Psychology at Sheffield!  Nowhere near her party location  what are u doing?
Learning 4 accounting on ths miserable day in durban. I nd a holiday 
Raining outside :'( just spent 4 hours on History coursework and now I need to go to the museum and get more info 
Studing for my Oral Radiology Exam, The most tough subject ever!! wish me luck! Am very nervous 
BLAHH trying to do History study but it isn't going too well 
Science, Biology and Social Study in the first day of my exam.. those subjects is difficult  wish me luck y'all
@geraldinetan Studying for Diploma in Electrical &amp; Electronics Engineering. Working as well. 
Why can't I read instructions BEFORE starting something?? I will never be able to complete even a single campaign in Guild Wars 
preparing for today's presentation - Managing Projects. I hope to get a break from my cold - at least for few hours! 
Justice just threw up.  I'm running on 4 hours of interrupted sleep. This should be fun.
Learning algorithms on Caturday 
Learned a lot about climate change, clean coal, and more!  Yay YP4 Leadership Academy.  Sad it's the last day.  
@ikklePickle Spanish, Science and Maths and they just decided to throw in a History assessment too.. what a month 
No &quot;Business of the Year&quot; gong at last night's awards 
@litherland SVA posted su courses, incl. &quot;Elements of Communication Design&quot; w by Nicholas Felton http://tinyurl.com/qybyvm so much $$ 
@litherland SVA posted new su courses, incl. &quot;Elements of Communication Design&quot; w/ Nicholas Felton http://tinyurl.com/qybyvm so much $$ 
Learning biology isn't easy.  Taken time away from my kids.. 
Learning math 
In an effort to reduce spammers, non-tweeters, &quot;Social Media Experts,&quot;  &amp; make money onliners I inadvertently unfollowed some real people 
At da vinci's. Service is so fucking slow.  hungry hungry.
@dustergrl we love the place its just small  it was ok but now with Journey its a bit small
looking forward to Futurism at Tate Modern next week. hope I can get to press view despite tube strike.. 
Learning the art of the chainsaw is held up by the chainsaw being broken 
hates History and politics revision 
@Forum_Messiah True, I just wish there was enough time in the world for me to update my twitter as well. 
Wonders why I am hungry 
At fire and stone now after watching terminator. Film was ... not like terminator classics. It could have been so much more. 
@Trisomy_Mum @sdrb had a brilliant set of slides on twitter that he used at the National Voice Forum but we never received a copy of them 
Saturday night and im on a date with Advanced Tax Law  yippee *roll eyes* 35 days til my last exam *sigh* Wish me luck twitters xxx
watching a History of Violence .... cant get the aspect ratio of TV right 
http://www.squidoo.com/Alternative-MBA = awesomeness.. I wanna do this too.. but missed the deadline already.. 
@richdevans 'fraid so. 'Hard drive fail. Press F1 to continue', and nothing hppens. 
Dear History Teacher, I knowwww grades were due on Thursday! Where are they. 
really wants something to look forward to  History exam on mondayy doesn't really cut it! :|
There's a show on National Geographic about recycling old diesel locomotives. It's sad to see such a powerful machine cut up like this. 
Over $500 in charges just in flight changes  Moral of the story: confirm when and where you're going before you book!
Sometimes it is hard to be a colorblind Political Scientist, especially when graphs are color coded 
i doubt the American Sign Language class i signed up for will make. i guess have to teach myself this summer.  what a rip off.
@mikeshelby what did you watch? I just finished &quot;The Reader&quot;... so sad  not my usual flick
Intriguing Character Poll page down; not sure if that means poll has ended or not(like at midnite EST); try again later  
Technology hates me today 
I miss my Journey serenade bella!!! 
Health Food Sucks 
i just saw .. The Reader.... soo sadd... 
Now I'm mad my show not on. Family Matters 
Master Thesis - a neverending story ... 
British summer = rain  Off to Oxford Museum of Natural History with the kids.
omg, Hybrid Theory came out in 2000 ... man i'm old 
the scarce can't lead the abundant. we operate in different segments of the Universe, sorry.  Kitchen Counter Wisdom that has been proven.
I want to sign up for the Travel Channel Filmmaking Academy! Except it's $2,000 that I don't have 
is really disappointed that he is gonna miss the french open finals today  History is to be made in 6 hrs.
Learning for that stupid biology test... 
Here we go.... Mastering the track, mastering the school 
Been thinking of making an iPhone app for all of the Art History content I am working on. Apple would reject it: Too much sex in Art 
 Today's shooting postponed after Art Basel! Hope the Los Angeles Gallery gives me some more time to finish this new project &quot;Connected&quot;!
I hate postponing, it closes my &quot;Creative chakra's&quot; 
Sitting at my desk doing History revision  no fair!!!
@HariSian  I do... But i have not been to the Libary since I got it done...  prob tomorow though!
1st of all only old ppl are up this early and at church 2nd of all these stockings and this dress are killing me... Tradition I tell you 
Learning. The most boring thing in life, but it has to be done. 
Geography Revision, Boring 
File Structures, ughh!!! B-Trees and B+Trees, - - - - 
@jhayu thats the Fair Usage Policy. All unlimited plans now come with a data cap. 
Business 
Revisingggg for Business Studies Test on Tuesdayy! 
Wisdom tooth pain does not seem to be going, been a week now and it still really hurts 
Why doesn't the Reachout site let me sign in? I've done almost everything. There was this poem I wanted to comment to, bcos I loved it 
Homework, homework  Yesterday was awesome ! Music makes you lose control &lt;3
1 year ago right now I was in the National Building Museum waiting for Hillary's speech to start  2016
Times HE award for Outstanding Library Team to be announced on Tues.  Shortlist here  http://bit.ly/BWlVj but no info on why chosen 
no Meet the Press this am 
Night At The Museum 2 is not that funny and great like my friends said. 
Learning!!! 
Actually can't remember half of all this History, bad times! 
Spanish literature--&gt; finished! ...now Philosophy again 
The History of Jazz Music....how fun...now to write a research paper abt it for school! blehh 
Doing homework, so tired. Last night i had a party and i slept just 4 hours... Now i have to do an essay and then History... Whyy??? 
Doing homework, so tired. Last night i had a party and i just slept  4 hours... Now i have to do an essay and then History... Whyy??? 
@uknowulovemeh  as the adverts say 'Always use a condom' in teh uk, the National Health Service always push the use of a condom
Being lazy drinking coffee and watching History channel. Yard work coming soon enough. 
The National Lottery has &quot;exciting news&quot; for me. Gets dutifully excited and logs in to see that I won a tenner. That is NOT exciting 
Online Chess sucks, I keep losing 
 History Revision
@welshcollector they do come from Itweet, but on the net.  Technology is confusing 
Toiling away at Washington Real Estate Law again today 
Attempting to make a proper start on my Design Authorship and Ethical Design project. This is the 2nd time doing this project! 
@thisisdavina really warming to the housemates now. Watching @ 10 then two History A2 exams tomorrow how sly  love you on big mouth too !
My assistant took a position with the Enterprise Call Center as a claims rep.  I am glad I did not check my email while away. 
@JordanNicholls History British Warfare paper  whats the point.
Distributed System and Software Engineering Work is completed  . Now returning to C ++ to finish Compilers  i have a sad life
/me misses watching Swat Kats.   Cartoon Network used to rock then
Wanting on Yolanda and Madison to call to confirm Practice. Texts and calls, after calls and texts. 
is hard at work making a review for his Art History test tommorow. 
Politics proving to be depressing viewing thus far. 
just sent a request to Outdoor Research to see if my Exped Airmat can get repaired...it has sprung a leak after 2yrs   
@KirstieMAllsopp Iand I too have now insulted you by spelling your FIRST name incorrectly!! Public humiliation for me &amp; an apology to you 
@travismckie omg, shut up! okay, you need to enroll me in the &quot;Mckie Rehabilitation Facility&quot; .. i wanna get better  lol
Dear Lord I think I'm living in the 1970's! History taught us fuck all hasn't it? Prime Minster Cameron looks inevitable now 
@mileycyrus Imagining miley is crying makes me fucking said 
@kristianc It's a terrible day for British Politics... 
Deviant Art is being slow and moronic w/ uploads 
I want to play the Criminal Minds drinking game! It would just seem kind of sad without someone to play it with me. 
@hurokitty  oh, so sad    Peace, kitty.
Three Page Essay 
Watching World's Tallest Children on TLC. A 13 year old is 7'11&quot;! As if I didn't feel small enough. 
@chrishasboobs i'm writing an opinion essay on Sexual Orientation Discrimination &amp; I'm feeling a bit stumped.  I wish you could help me.
I want to be done with my Lemur test   Writing about lemurs is less interesting than watching them and taking notes and photos.
And it begins again. Essay word limit: 3300. Words written so far:...4413? Surely not!  #essaynumbersgame
@pastorying @eugenehor We might need to resched our meeting... we have not discussed the plan for the Discipleship (MAP) Conference. 
received the package from Children International, even though I canceled my sponsorship.  my little girl is cute.  now I feel bad. 
@necolebitchie http://twitpic.com/6vs2i - Buffoonery at it's finest... Modern day minstrel show SMDH 
Essay rape-fest going on right now 
I must be really out of touch with popular things these days - I've used Urban Dictionary twice in one day 
this early, I wanna shift to Fine Arts ... feel like m rly not that meant to be in communications.  
I have my first A2 exam this afternoon. I think i'm going to fail! Essay writing for 2 1/2 hours . I won't be leaving school til 4pm 
I got an invitation to work for One World Group of Companies as a Marketing Specialist. I can't believe I declined without hesitation. 
Please don't watch the movie &quot;The National&quot;.  It was such a bad movie 
Laziness decreases Health and Wealth....  igo ko dah! hehe http://plurk.com/p/110s46
It's raining in Lucerne.   Still tons of stuff to do ... maybe see the Chocolate exhibition at the Museum of History. www.hmluzern.ch
ehhhh had school today  mrs moyon *shudder* is making me do my Music Test in Detention tommorow..LOL  x
At the Library feeling sick 
Just got back from school... TIRED.... Geometry homework... 
Gotta go to Borders @ TS to buy my AP English Summer Reading List Books 
Speech to write by tommorow morning. Yay! 
OMG! 0_o  3 exams in a one week?! that's right!   -&gt; American Press, Audiovisual culture n' U.S. History *!help!*  I go to learn :/
:O ...Statistics is really hard!! :/ i think i may just fail 
I am in my office at the Technology Centre today - I must get some marking done today 
Software Driven Software Development Presentation Tomorrow and still no slides to present 
Works so cold 
On my way to ILEIA sounding board meeting for Farming Matters (web2.0) project. http://farmingmatters.pbwiki.com seems offline right now. 
I am getting ready to go to the library and study for this test in Cell Biology. Woe is me 
at my desk. sending out an email about Fieldhouse stuff and getting back to the Writing Center stuff that is a bit behind. 
Putting on a new timing belt/water pump. Manual say it shouldn't take longer than 8 hours.  Wish me luck!
I never knew that u can insert a row into a table &amp; specify the Identity value, where the Identity is 'on'. I thought it was readonly. 
i've got BAD score for my Math, History, and Indonesia Language 
@CheliFuld I don't have time for it, unfortunately  It's German History after the Holocaust. Heavy stuff, I know...
@BeaLindo Translation and Interpreting. I love it, but it also sucks... i'm a bit confused about it, to be honest 
Not Feeling well today  Just going to do some Textiles work!!
Final week of 'The Object of Photography'  But looking forward to 'A Malham Family of Painters'! https://elgg.leeds.ac.uk/burton/
Dental check-up tomoro! Health is worse  have to rely on playing ddr, to forget the pain bt it wears me outt. Theory law class too, blah.
Statistics revision 
I did not have the keys to the Writing Center today. 
4 chapters to read about Native Americans today before class at 2....it's not gonna happen. I hate summer school 
Shit!!!! Just remembered that I haven`t finished my Math ISU which due tomorrow on Interest and Finance  my free day down the drain 
but totally isnt looking forward to having to revise for Re and Business tonight have i havent really started either 
grr... still angry about that glitched Achievement in Prince of Persia. 6 Hours collecting light seeds for nothing! 
I don't see History of Modern China listed as a future course for winter 2010 
Reporting vicious pit bull mix to Animal Control for an unprovoked attack on my golden retriever who was merely walking with my wife. 
Relationships suck 
Historic Comway reminds me of my hometown. 
@prazy I was waiting for History to repeat itself... 
I got a 73 on my exam for History....  
Is thinking of someone right now and hates the way I'm feeling right now. History repeats itself again! 
Eatin a hot pocket and watching Ned's Decalassified School Survival Guide is cool but then i gotta get back to studying  !!!!
History essey  ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHH !
www.NRI-Online.com Digital Transition, No locals  http://tinyurl.com/mcwbmf
www.NRI-Online.com: Digital Transition, No locals  http://tinyurl.com/mcwbmf
Home. Ran some errands this morning, but didn't go to practice. Still not feeling too good...  Doing Physics Online now, unfortunately.
@BeckyKingston  Geography, Spanish, and Business Studies. Regret taking business though, Its a real pain. 
Wisdom teeth suck 
@KanikaLove i couldnt draw a picture of mr blobby  (Childhood hero) looooooool
Find out how much you should be paid.   The 2009 AIGA|Aquent Survey of Design Salaries is now available online! http://ow.ly/edG7
Eugh. Writing yet another personal statement. http://bit.ly/uD0g9  This one is horrible 
Working with teachers on blogging - Creative Commons makes my head hurt 
doesn't like the way the College World Series is going 
So tired of World Civilization homework..anyone want to write a paper on your opinon of why the western roman empire came to an end??  
#ASEE Brouhaha was sold out this morning!  If you can't make it let me know.
Shit, forgot to hand in History Coursework at lunch 
Assembly Language homework  , then Applied Synth homework 
@thecraigmorris Nothing so exciting! Sign Language - decided I am useless with my hands. A v sad state of affairs! 
Wow! Geometry final is giving of a super big headache!  boo!
words of 2day- Relationships r like bridges trying 2 meet in the middle but sometimes the islands are just 2 far apart 2 reach &amp; meet 
I'm a student again at Inbound Marketing University free marketing training online program http://bit.ly/UNIV #IMU  Only I missed today 
Goodnight all! Early morning tomorrow  i have.. Pe. Rs. Science. English. and History? Great!!! 
The Study Of Language ! here i come 
Ten TasteCasters at @hillsmarket. Learning about their smal farm meats. I was tardy to the party because if traffic  #hills
Does anyone know the photo policy at the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre? Can't find info on their website or automated call center 
Finally finishing off the the Sculpture4Kids competition results www.rbgtrust.com great trust for schools, would be a shame to see it go 
  In case I feel emo in camp (feeling a wee bit of it alr)...am bringing in the Human Rights Watch World Report 2009..hope it'll work
@ronniewilson - I hope you are able to find a solution to your phishing problem. This must be very frustrating for you.   Peace. Namaste
 Of all the things I lost, I miss my Community Organizer degree the most.
I am screwed!!! Presentation tomorrow. 
Love the College World Series...even though we aren't in it 
Watching my cookie demise on the Food Network. A missed $10k opportunity. 
Moral of the day: Never leave revision for an exam last minute... especially when you have a bad memory 
sorry it was the wrong video  click again on the link and you can get  the -Groundswell Business Strategies - http://tr.im/laxl
Cramming everything in for Geometry regents tomorrow. 
Claire never found out  i'm sad. Have fun tomorrow @ the Science Center Clairey! LYLASMTA (love you like a sister more than anyone) &lt;3
Dr. Gong lost me at Genetic Mapping.  Today's lecture is like learning a foreign language.
Watching &quot;Intervention&quot;, sad stories.  I will never use drugs, drugs are like a life-taking disease.
Finals in Math, History, and my elective (Theater Prod.) tomorrow.  Studying my azz off right now..haha
supposed to be in Business Studies but no teacher  rather do work than sit here and do nothing 
Just got Infinite Jest in the mail today! Sadly it came with Edith Hamilton's Mythology which I must read for AP English Lit. 
So wishin I could sing so I could audition for the Color purple  Lol
Youth guys night was fun...too bad it had to end 
First subj! Eco with Taxation... Prof? She's kind but the only thing I hate bout her is she's treating us like an elementary students 
I'm starting to have heart palpitations. Wisdom teeth removal tomorrow  this sucks 
http://twitpic.com/7ijof - Progress - barely any 
Trying to download @darthjulian's Design Fiction essay but all the short links are broken. 
@Conscious_MC Look here now...I know you're tired of the questions....but Graphic Designers? Like...I do Graphic Design too lol... 
Argh! I have to go to a Public Health and Environmental Resource Protection forum tomorrow. I am dreading the fake &quot;hellos&quot; already. 
My kitchen looks like a war zone and the Revolution-administration machine keeps chugging on. 
is watching her day dose of Justice League after already having watched some Xmen Evolution. A good day, but misses Ephaba. 
Cruised down the Potomac. Holocaust Museum is amazing. Only 2 days remaining 
@LuckyGlider Economy hurts gliders too.   She wishes she could take in more. But then she couldn't spoil US and the pets as much.
Just got home from work. Dreading History and Geometry finals tomorrow. 
@amanda_pandaa it's rained when i stepped out of my house just now! :/ I'm figuring out how to use Reader now! 
Graphic design 
Finally got my itouch. Writing a 5 page paper on psychology. So tired   http://twitpic.com/7isnt
Watching Intervention right now....dang, so sad! 
@srilatt Got kicked out of Degital Type and Image Manipulation on Saturday and ended up in Typography on Mondays 
I think I killed my Creative Zen  Last night I threw it against the kitchen counter in attempt to fix it after it wouldn't reset &gt;_&lt;
Early start  getting ready for exhi @ Tate Modern - come on over and visit.
@Lore_duh aww work? i'm envious!  you work at old navy right?
Finally Home.. Rethinking the stairs at the moment. They are still a killer oh well... 
Awww...Silent Library is over!   Haha but that asian guy is so monotone
@jddalton I could b there in 7 hrs, but u'd have to b up by then.  Imagination time, I guess. ;)
Learning how to do contracts... I wanna go back to the 300.... 
Motivation low  Not long to go...
Studying Financial Accounting &amp; Innovation Management.. That's basically all I'll do this week 
So here's how my exams went. English/Media/Psychology: A. Legal: A+ Methods: C &lt;--- HAHAHAHA. It's going to get marked down, though 
Catharsis, please.  
Still Searching for 3-4 Displays for the Gamescom Exhibition ... 
How did i miss that there's a 5th edition of Javascript:The Definitive Guide 
Homelessness: It's just not funny when it happens to you. 
wishes Business class to give him less stress. In my dreams.  (tears) http://plurk.com/p/11bjxo
Geometry regents (final) today 
At school... Geometry Regent today ! Yayyyy not 
Arrrgh Access Denied !.... Electronic Arts Guildford... 
Geometry sucks ! 
@Passion_Nature  all the time.
Learning french vocabulary!   tu penses trop aux choses terrestres!
@Passion_Nature and it sucks obessing over itm 
Troubleshooting CTS (Documentum Content Transformation Services) 
Wisdom teeth surgery 
I have to be in the World Trade Center at 9am tomorrow.. and my seminar is 4-5pm  can't tweet all day..don't think they have wifi there 
at school and my friggin teacher wont give us our year books till after activities..... when everyone else has them....    *Int. Graduate*
Learning biology, it's sooo much and sooo hard !! 
Recieved emails from LRB and Tass. I miss them  Writing mildly emo responses in return.
is getting ready to take an online course about NIMS..... National Incident Management System.... It makes my head hurt!!!!! 
Economy is not funny  anyway, i want to pass the economy test.
History Regents 
I've lost count the number of times I cried from watching Rosy Business  #fb
History regents.... 
off to work this morning  Film school is in the works though!!
Wisdom teeth out today. ;( would rather die 
I can't undersant a shit  That's why i hate you History!
Toy Library envelope stuffing today! not birthday shopped yet 
Coughing up a storm   About to get on a conference call for the HIV Vaccine Trials Network.
English exam went marvellously and Ancient History seemed fine. Missing @debating for this newfangled 'revision' nonsense though! Grr. 
omg totally failed my Geometry regent 
@Mjean2790 Foundations of Education, History 101, Spanish 201, and Philosohy. I tried getting bio and education 165, but it was full 
I for one am not very happy with my Art Direction I class 
Everyone in the office is out enjoying the National Public Service Week festivities, except me. Boooo. 
Watching Pulp Fiction, just munched a chipper, and now i feel sick 
@DJRossstar I went to the Museum of Tolerance in 8th grade. It was depressing 
Int. Makeup Artists competition tomorrow. ..I know skin/color theory like no other; missing IMAT's tho   http://www.makeupartistshow.com/
French Essay :@ i hav to learn the stupid thing 
@lissyroxyoursox Oh wait, u have Earth Science, wait wouldnt that be Living Environment?? no....... cuz i have the Math and LE regents 
Quiz at the end of each section! really should've paid attention 
hates confusing situations  in the end, every decision ends up being the wrong one. History repeats itself in different ways...
@Freedom7Fighter  100% agree.....
Competition is now over 
Made an 84 on yesterday's History exam! 
Wisdom tooth pain day 5. 
@euan_hello I don't think so  I wont anyway... Double Modern Studies! =D
@desconcentrado @starkness Going to miss being at the Open Video Conference  but am making some open video with @bensisto who'll be there
Wisdom tooth growing and boy does it hurt.  Mostly lazy day. I love days off.
College is finished  passed with a Distinction. Anyone need any CAD drawings doing? Missing hayley still though 
I had an awesome weekend, I finally saw X-Men Origins and hung out with my friends. But I just found out one of the might leave tomorrow 
@Mikki1992 It'll probably be you!!!hehe..it really sucks that Legal and Lit clashed  good luck though xx
Learning song can be tough specialy when something is not working out 
ok no Criminal Minds for me tonight  SLEEP!!
I should be going to @Kirtsy's &quot;Hands On Social Media&quot; event tonight - instead, I will be cuddling and comforting my sick baby. 
sick, sick, sick! staying in for the night and getting as much rest as i can before Orientation tomorrow 
@singersroom That was a great article about The Rise and Fall of Video Based Music Television. It was on point. I miss Video Soul! 
Am I ready for the Regolith Science exam today? to sum it up...... NO, no I am not..... 
Still no phone twitter  well, time to head home. Peace out everyone
So borderline for all my grades...  I almost cried in History when I couldn't figure out a problem LOL.
The National can't pull out another one!    Yankees win 5 to 3
Oh, Children's Miracle Network, sneaking up on me with your heartbreaking commercials... Currently attempting to stop crying. 
Off to bed  Analysis brain is already asleep. I feel like a bad hubby for not taking the dog out &amp; barely seeing @eeebyeck
@justlegendary haha I don't think the yankees cups could ever compare to the Medieval Times cups! I wanna go back to get that cup now 
back at home from work. Wisdom teeth couldnt be more painful 
kitty,  Violence is so stupid!
Human Growth &amp; Development for Health Professionals @ 9am. fml 
Meeting~ :3 Class after. Library after class. Probably getting new glasses after, my spec's frame broke. 
Goodnight Tweets, dream well! I know I wont I have my Project Management Final to do tomorrow  drat!
Oral mock exam in Religious instruction and Ethics this friday  Preparing, shhh...
Exam tomorrow....yikes!! Fluid Mechanics..the bane of my life!! arghh 
damn, I need to sleep!!!! Orientation early in the morning 
Video: Unfortuanately Racism has become the new Sectarianism for the scum who blight Northern Ireland  http://tumblr.com/xag22h57g
@simonwheatley Online audio books unfortunately have the same issue. Book publishers seem to be permanently five steps behind technology. 
happy world hugging day ;) Could use some of those cuz I have to revise Cognitive Modelling 
Playing with #groovy! Writing groovy tests for maven projects works fine. But the #testng #ecipse plugin does not execute them! 
Theory test today. Perhaps i should have practiced 
http://twitpic.com/7lzw8 - no more paper Knowledge Mag 
Job Centre this afternoon,  but first... some more painting.
@Velourian @sarah1230 Chess is back in fashion in my circle of friends! Unfortunately I believe we're a little remote from you two. 
Racism won't get you far..things will never change 
Learning 
Welfare day tomorrow 
Advanced Functions Exam today!  ahhh fail. =[
is working on Personal Data Protection 
Learning semantics of control system software... *yawn* 
&amp; my Narrative, Character &amp; Voice coursework is in but I can't collect it because I'm in Portsmouth. Have to wait until July for my grade 
My 1:6 bodies came today. one of the neck knobs is bust. Color me unhappy.  
Wisdom teeth less painful today, but muscles on the right side of my face tense which is giving me a headache and making eating difficult 
In Science!!!  What a Waste!
@AlmostZara good luck with the new job. i don't think Touch Media has anything to offer Stuff 
@LADYwSENSE I know...you are very right. Culture and context is everything. (still so sad to me 
Trying to study for an exam   &quot;Contemporary Issues in IT Management&quot; - not as easy as it sounds, even for an IT dude...
Online registration for taking the Driving Safety course is up and running again.   I've got to bite the bullet and plunge in.
Just realised I've never read the &quot;Science and Religion&quot; textbook, why did I take LC religion? Better go read that 
i ate 5 apples...so i am missing Africa Fashion Week 
I'm missing all the cool conferences in NYC. First World Science Festival &amp; now #140conf @obilon = FAIL. 
going to the school .. today Natural Ciences test 
Failed a Science Final, or so I think   &lt;333 to all of you out there
Starting my day listening to Tape 101 webcast   So wish I was at the Social Media Marketing Summit in NY, it seems far more interesting
survived her first slot on the Library Duty Officer rota  with no library-related incidents but lost half a tooth 
@YankeeMegInPHL nah the Math &amp; Essay sections kicked my ass...I may have to retake this exam again in the Fall 
Coffee no longer working. Introduction of food created an exponential growth in how much sleepy was in my head. Praying for no snoring. 
@litherland especially not today's project.   (Graphic design is not fun and it is not about expression.)
English Essay 
Also decided against the Online Fashion 100 party after spending 2 hours stuck in traffic on my way home 
Just been to eldest's Reception Parent's meeting - nooooo, she's too little to be thwarted by education just yet! 
@ddlovato I'm not from the us so no unfortunately i won't be going to any of your concerts  I want to. World tour yeah? Promise.
iPhone battery died  Learnt from last time and now charging via my MBA rather than my clock radio.
Advisory Skills homework bleghh.. 
Doing homework(History n english) 
@rockeye I live in the Opposite Marriage State.    #marriagefail
Just got back home from school. Spent 3 and a half hours longer, to finish a Media Arts project.... It's still not done 
@dbshores  I'm in Western NC, and it was Inside Edition, not Access Hollywood...   
I can't believe the Chess concert on PBS right now. It's not nearly as good as I wanted it to be. 
So Tired, Art Exam Tomorrow...studying 
@ my mom's job . . Service sucks &amp; I want some hot coco 
Occupational hazard of the day: getting ranch in my eye... it just squirted out 
I wanna go to Creation! 
@Chet_Cannon I saw u on the street a month or so ago on columbus in front of the Natural History Museum!! I was too star struck to say hi 
says Dictionary doesn't work with 3.0  lookin for another one http://plurk.com/p/11s392
Discovery Travel &amp; Living showing a programme on Disneyworld. Now I want to go back! Impossible to see everything there in one trip 
@DisciplineCC @smashleypants yes, it was Smashley then Discipline 
I just watched a really creepy episode of &quot;Criminal Minds&quot;. I won't be able to sleep tonight 
@DiiLee Law 7alma thak el 7ilm wayed abrak min hatha 
@brandonmcb &quot;Is it much to admit I need. A solid soul and the blood I bleed.&quot; - Animal Collective learned how to make a rhyme!  Poetry 
&quot;You either fix it or you stand it.&quot; Learning to deal with the fact that nothing is ever perfect. 
@zaboots @lizbt  Same artists decorated statues on the forecourt of the Library, but masks and signs have since been removed. 
@NathanaelB I was hoping you were talking about Under Cover Detectives. User-Centred Designers aren't nearly as exciting 
I am sitting in bed watching &quot;It's Tougher in Alaska&quot; on History Channel. Girlfriend is sleeping, and I am typing away on some projects. 
The Moores Building Temporary Art Gallery to say hello and good-bye 
Trying to figure out how to do my History thing. 
Doesn't even know why she chose History 
@RoryWallace I didn't know that! Business is business though 
I'm not good in Physical Education, and I'm gonna suck in tomorrow's lesson. 
I don't wanna learn. History is so ... hisory  I'm not a girl who lives in the past
Coming back from an interview for HND Practical Journalism. 150 people have applied for 20 places. I wont know til August! 
I have been a busy bee. Promotion @ work means more responsibilities w/out compensation 
@ericneumann Freemix does seem like webgui builder for Exhibit - also doesn't seem to allow direct data editing   http://freemix.it
Lab 6 (Chapter 13A &amp; 13B) and Exam 1 are due today. That will take around 7-8 hours to do. I have to start it after VBS today. 
No sign of the new Computer Arts Projects today 
At work.  This is my last day with Human Resources.  
Rational Development Tool Suite comes on top?  Hrmm...that seems strange - http://bit.ly/nU7wb...need to register 
Missing my Partner in Crime. 
Learning for my French test 
Motivation has left the building 
@OfficiallyAlly  I WISH I could be at Book People to cheer you on today!  There's this little thing that I have (work) that won't let me. 
Listening to the epic performance delivered at Superstate, because I miss my band buddies 
@lawgirl329 Me too  This Con Law lady sux, is not funny, has bad hair, an ugly outfit and terrible teaching style....grrrr
leavinq the crib at 11:2O _ hop on the 1 train ; than catch the 2 in 242ndd . than Livinq Enviroment Reqentt . 
@Psyche please call me, your number has been lost 
Re-reading study notes for this stupid E-Business exam tomorrow morning. It's going to be lame I can tell  
Prize giving tonight.  x
WPMU install for the latest Northants Study Centre - http://corbystudycentre.org Like the grungy theme - not widgetised though 
Presentation at 1:30.... So many butterflies..... 
I wish I could see Princess Protection Program premiere tonight, but I got no ride and I probably won't even get close to seeing anyone 
Art History test at 1:00 
Revising For A Science Exam  Hate It !!!
2 Literature Assignments, Science Revision, Iphone Problems, Science Exam, why is all this happening to mee????! 
flight  OfficeSuitesRDUcool is down with Office Suites Executive Suites, Office Space, Virtual Offices, Meeting Rooms, RDU, Raleigh Durham
I can neither be in Rent: School Edition OR Thoroughly Modern Millie! 
Senior Survey sucksss. It's dificil. 
Two meetings down, one more to go... looks like I won't be able to make it downtown for the Social Media event  bummers... sorry!
Works till 5 
Engagement rocked.......... But iam soaked...  chiks were cool in that ocassion
Wisdom tooth is pissing me off (to the max) but I'm scared to get it taken out 
@symbianguru  Can U tell me, where N96(FP2) stores Music Files info and ID tags which we edit on ph itself..m searchin tht file fr ages 
@Remnant_Leader There's moar but from Crisis Core  no sexy brothers there but well http://g.imagehost.org/view/0474/full_3
@MsPinkSlip_Blog I love Law &amp; Order, except for C.I. of course. Problem is I ain't got cable where I'm at right now 
@hermalina KLASSY. Works sucks today want to be in bed 
studying for an AP World History exam... couldn't hate this class more 
just finished watching the last part of the bbc drama Occupation, the last episode is the most sad... 
In the New Mrxico History Museum (got the name wrong last time). No photos, sadly 
@Michymoo I agree re-Occupation-excellent programme.  So sad when his son died 
hard drive died out of nowhere, lost 300+ gigs of data  damn you Western Digital
Our ps2 is officially dead. So is corey's ipod. Technology fails us. 
'Design Analysis' save meeeee I'm so bored! I want swine flu so I can go home 
I'm freakin' frustrated about not having the chance to attend Princess Protection Program's Premiere night.. 
@jenstuart27 @wtoppert Indeed!  and was on the street before &quot;Public Enemies&quot; premier standing in a primo spot before i was told to move 
Imma Press Conference- Your nothing  more then a Conversation  LoL
watching The History Boys.... alone  I have nothing else to do!
Okie doks, SLEEP soon.. History exam tm  Bluck
@angelicbiscuit my tank licence was revoked after that incident with Human Nature 
@vodafoneNZ Rugby Museum was a disaster. Frustrated wheelchair user arrived 2:03pm &amp; couldnt line up for foot race. Excluded from it 
I do much prefer Procedural Programming Languages as opposed to Object Oritentated Languages 
Wishes I could read something interesting right now instead of &quot;Organizational Behavior&quot; but gotta do it.   
I'm looking up schools of Library Science and Information - U of M looks so good but I could never get in 
R.I.P. BauerCTU's Office Chair  
@Childhood  mine is missing, my toddler hauled off with it somewhere
Just got back from a Leadership Training in Sac.  And coming home to an empty house is sad. 
@_douchebag Princess Protection Program *hangs head* idk if there are even pictures up yet 
Wishing he had've done his History. 
says last subject, Humanities but I'll be attending Orientation at 4pm til 7pm  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/122twz
BBB: Brain, Beauty, Behaviour. Such a combination hardly to be existed.. 
searching  Mass Media Research: An Introduction by Wimmer...still no luck 
Just want to sleep. Writing 3 charts instead.  Freeloading junkie, then status asthmaticus, and an AMS/post-apneic trached guy. No tubes. 
I don't had any friends so i decided not to attend Orientation today. 
wait... Vanity Fair isn't listed on @FocusFeatures website. but it is a Focus film, which means their film archive isn't comprehensive. 
60% of the way through Perseopolis after one pillow session and one bus ride. Graphic novels go so quickly 
@Cymon Deaf deaf deaf deaf.... doesn't sound right.. no sound at all!  haha
Natural sleep remedies are a little less effective than lunesta 
Environmental Science exams today - Unit4 - Biotic Resource Management &amp; Unit5 - Pollution &amp; Physical Resource Management. 
In english  watchin a borin Film  xx
Slept less than 5 hours last night. I hope I'm not cranky and overtired all day @ the Renewable Energy Fair. 
OK... have ordered the GLUTTONY snack size+kumara chips woth sour cream. 40 mins   hope it gets here before Criminal Intent!
@msalecia Collections Review, I didn't get it 
says Just received official word that a friend and neighbour died last night at the Heart Institute.  http://plurk.com/p/125r1y
Thanks @maynaseric, I would, but #followlimit'd  http://tr.im/followlimit for info.   Hi @jshe - ICT Teaching &amp; Macs? Seen @MovieFest? #FF
YAWN need Starbucks! Research paper to do and Informative Speech to plan for 
cool! My Social Studies teacher just said I could skip the final exam : D But my math teacher says I have to make it up 
The house hunt begins!  Programming will have to take a back seat 
History and Individuals. I can do it. I can.... not. 
@GreenAdvantage Great NG work! and check out new Pew Science Brief 2 http://tinyurl.com/mwcjnu everything worse that IPCC AR4 
I work til noon today! Sooo happy. Craft-0-noon with @shegotthatlala today. she made it all the way to AP Art, I didn't...  
Google Book Search New Features (G Price) - Thumbnail view only available for full view titles  http://bit.ly/wCdvR #GBS
A visit with our good friends at Taylor Family Dental, left with 3 new appointments for the Executive Director though 
SLEEPING EARLY: FAILED because of Systems Analysis and Design subject.   Pls friends, pray for our group. Prof is super hay 
Hey #DrawTutor can't connect.. i will try next time...   (Drawing Tutorials Online live &gt; http://ustre.am/31UN)
SIGGRAPH posts their Computer Animation Festival '09 Preview Video http://bit.ly/NRKjz  So much to see but no opportunity to go this year 
http://twitpic.com/7t6fh - Museum of Childhood was very twinkly today but they have taken away the jukebox! No more MC Hammer 
All hopes crushed, no bookout. National Service ruins relationship 
http://twitpic.com/7tgqz - So proud of all the Future Marketers and their amazing presentation today! I'm going to miss Aissah 
about to get a perfect score on this Nutrition exam ... then studying for my personal training certification   ...
Watching Princess Protection Program but I had to start it over since I opened my big mouth to my sister.   Ugh.
was sooo close to a 4.0--damn World History!!! 
@DaveRamseyLIVE Ugghh...basement flooded and our Financial Peace kit was destroyed 
Game Design Student (BA Creative Computer Games Design, Swansea Metropolitan University), PC Gamer who can't watch E3, makes me bitter. 
going to sleep now .. Journey tom morn 
Reading Foundation and Empire, but not really enjoying it - it doesn't have the spark that Foundation had 
I AM SO DAMNED TIRED!! WHY?  I should go over lines, but I think I'm going to take a quick ass nap. Yes. Colored Museum rehearsal 830-11p
Trying to design some stencils to put on my helmet.  Inspiration is lacking 
@christa42 Lore recorded it, but then again, it was pretty short anyway 
Wisdom teeth 
Highest level breathing technique in Qigong (but in Chinese  sorry) http://twurl.nl/75sjad
Philosophy homework 
@susansheehan I'd like to do the same with my jewelry! Business stuff eats too much valuable creative time 
@steveray feel so bad I missed musicmatch breakfast this AM! Calendar reminder nvr went off 
Essay testtt 
I miss Discovery Health 
wondering what else her son touched when he had Archival Ink all over his hands. 
@jchutchins I was looking to host one next weekend at Origins, but don't have a venue to host it in. 
I give up on this twitter shit, no one responds to my replies to them!   Peace out!
Aww man gangsta baby's mom is a party pooper. She went and got booboo a cage... Aka put him in a cart so he can't get down. Injustice!! 
Speech is finally on que cards, ahhh finally haha, i'm totally dreeding doing my speech tho, gosh i h8 speeches 
Is crazy tired, and have been all day. This is soo weird for me!  uh oh. Bedtime soon for me I guess. Study study study all day tomorrow.
@alexheizer Creative work is always on edge when some moronic businessman figures a bus. model that exploits artists' naivite 
hi cuon sach phai doc thuong xuyen .  The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering, Anniversary Edition
@lizlieu http://twitpic.com/7voku - Natural 8 for the player... looks like the bet lost 
My seminar for World's Economy didn't go through.... I have to rewrite it almost whole 
where's the Geography Book? can't find it 
Having mad problems with my microeconomics notes. I'm currently stuck on the Bordered Hessian Determinant, and they're only week 2 notes 
@Rebnation No.. that would be creepy for me..   I need someone a little more ... Feminine.. in mine. No such luck tonight 
Midday and we've done; Rita, Oblivion, Submission, Enterprise, Air and Nemesis. Rita has top-billing so far. Enterprise made me sicky 
@riseagainst I LOVE YOU!!! I wish that I could get your beautiful songs Voice Of Dissent and Grammatizator  I can't!!! :*(
Studying for History test for monday (Grhhhh) 
The #Bahai National Assembly meeting continues this afternoon, this evening, tomorrow. And it's a lovely day outside 
Exchange crashed + AD Global Catalog = fun filled Weekend 
last day of ACS 2009 National Convention  Looking forward to Elizabeth Warren at lunch, however #ACS09
Not allowed to go anywhere including History Alive because my parents weren't too happy with my report card 
Wisdom tooth is growing Ive got a toothache 
is working at Theory today...but my tummy hurts! 
Anyone want to get lunch around campus? Class done at 1. Brain hurts 
Warning Graphic clip, today tehran 's massacre   http://bit.ly/fo2uk   #iranelection #iran
  -- Meet your Meat http://bit.ly/15SSCI
@michellerperry I'm not sure I understand the Tool Academy reference.  
Gross Anatomy study session 
Youth camp is over.    I hate that!
This was fucking awesome...  Ear reconstruction: check, Museum night: not check...  PCgaming is better than partying? idunno XD
Wonders if @JamboTheJourno is right 
Warning Graphic clip, today tehran 's massacre  http://bit.ly/fo2uk #iranelection #iran
Moving in 2 weeks! Excited about the change, but we're going to have to give up our new rolls as Members on our Local Spiritual assembly 
Technology hates me  it took me 6 tries to switch my laptop on
Looks like Chicago was overlooked in the TOTC Spirit Award Nominations this year  http://bit.ly/KsRQ6
Not well at all  However still wish I went to a school like The History Boys...
No movies today  But got groceries! Hopefully I get hired by Medieval Times, wish me luck..
I love animals so much that I can no longer read about the abuse. Awareness is good but it breaks my heart. 
wish i would be at the @jonasbrothers concert today  start of the World tour with @therealjordin and Honor Society &lt;3
Just doing some Pyshics/History revision for my exams on monday !  
@kttunstall i lost Eye to the Telescope. Disaster! 
@donovanglass they were   and death still found them sent by their Supreme Leader ... #IranFreedom
Really frustrated right now.  I don't understand Keplar's Law  &amp; I still have one more chapter to go through!
Is home from Experience 
Mostly I'm bitter because I still want to play Before Crisis. 
Unable to download Five-Column Springboard.  
@Artee_L have you ever seen National Treasure 2? I never got around to seeing it 
Honor Society only sang 3 songs? 
I didn't place in Computer Security  lmao
i regret taking Speech over the summer.. 
@hannahbeck8  Science &gt; Religion anyways.
Oh my gosh.  Paper is so evil!!  How do paper cuts hurt so much? 
**Graphic** she was shot 3 blocks away from the actual protests, http://digg.com/d1uO5N  her father could do nothing but watch her die 
History Essay 
Was going to take Z to Museum of Natural History tomorrow... looked up ticket prices &amp; now looking for something cheaper to do. Boo. 
@podgypanda I went to the Museum yesterday.. thay still haven't chaned the volcano exhibit...  Since late last year...
@ey3_candy According to my research. Women dont like to hear about how much a certain guy is checkin for them. It can be annoying. 
OhMyBudha.... so bored. I reaallllyyy cant be stuffed doing my Humanites Assesment 
@mhall214  u shall not rename Companion...we will find u ur own RaTard haha
Farming for Scholar items in Lotro is not fun 
@alannahwastell History 
@intrepidteacher oh no!! It is *so* common at our school - ridiculously so. Climate here also doesn't help. 
Learning for my exams...i need holidays  ;)
Sleep help hopefully. Took ambien &amp; watching the History Channel (sure thing usually) sleepy tea &amp; lights off. Quiet bedroom = loud brain 
That was a busy weekend. Car : purchased Social activity : done Sport : not enough   I need to burn more calories...
Workshop is ending 
Perdendo o Workshop da Body Systems...  VPPB sux.
Zak didn't like Princess Protection Program 
 wants to go on Ajax Experience 2009 http://bit.ly/10gpwQ
feels like a fatty b/c she had McDonald's 2x today and hasn't gotten up from her bed all day b/c she was cramming for her History Exam. 
@juliegr: definitely will b some new ones.  Library  to print my boarding pass my printer is broke 
Library all day 
I left the &quot;Taking Music Online&quot; session once as I realized it was just an excuse for the corporate sponsors of #musicedweek to promote 
Exam of Computer Oriented Numerical methods tomorrow. I am so dead! I dunnu a thing! 
lately my weekends are way too short  #exhausted - btw.: portfolio updated with: &quot;Out in Space&quot; Artwork - http://patrik-inzinger.at/ #fb
I forgot what I wanted to say. That really sucks.  I just became a ninja on Free Realms. Haha. 'Life of Pi' keeps getting better.
I forgot what I wanted to say. That really sucks.  I just became a ninja on Free Realms. Haha. 'Life of Pi' ke.. http://tinyurl.com/mogot7
I get super stressed when I have to teach Relief Society... in Chinese. 
Learning........ 
@dibbly21 That was slightly gay haha. Craft + Design Homework was what i was getting at. I cant be fucked with it 
Works one to ten again 
is in no mood to attend college tomorrow...and she still has to finish her Psychology Assignment  It does not seem so easy anymore!!
Learning... 
Desk is all packed up and ready to move tomorrow. 
Technology and I are not a good mix today... 
Off the get Art Supplies! and can't find my Black Sketch Book 
Wisdom teeth leave me alone 
overwrite, not merge, then MS will send changes to Address Book. 
Now that I've wasted two hours between watching Intervention and making jean shorts... I must start working on crisis comm plan 
Also on the list of heart-wrenching make-me-cry movies is &quot;American History X.&quot; The scenes of violence reminded me of the Neda video. 
Trying to promote my article, sadly with little success this time  http://www.fnatic.com/articles/565/Motivation.html
Gaaaaaa! Wisdom teeth coming in 
Off saving the world... Or atleast the pictures that somehow were deleted from my Post-Production computer while I was on Vacation. 
@stephanieblake Reasoning with any child is not good.  But we still do it sometimes.
Orientation almost over and I'm a little sad. 
I love the Food Network. I really want shrimp now. 
@courtneyleigh25 unfortunately this gal was not in training...that was her best effort.  Service is so sad all over...not just there. 
Winter classes- Early Empire, Pop Culture, Peopling of North America, Holocaust, Rise and Fall of Czechoslovakia. Goodbye social life. 
Just seen the list for the Mercury Music Prize... dear Lord 
@trickyshirls Not really hun more resources for Autism in schools etc would be good..Communication the biggest area of need 
just finished technology presentation to the summer institute of Southeastern Louisiana Writing Project. Blackboard went down 
GChrome crashed for de very first time.I was playin a very interestin game in Y! Chess,it terribly crashd nd I lost 20 pts 
's arm aches bad   Learning to dance, hopefully
@diana_music Not another bad eye!  If it gets really bad, make sure you see a doc, don't let it get worse. Prevention is betta than cure x
Harry Potter Exhibit at Museum of Science &amp; Industry is unbelievabley cool! My inner child was freaking out!  No pictures allowed though 
Understands how the bus system works, finally. Ahaha. Orientation = almost over 
is done with Math homework! (dance) Now my problem is the Art Stud 2 report  No idea ano ippresent namin.. http://plurk.com/p/13cjg3
Business is sooooooooo slow 
US Economy: Bridges &amp; Roads - Is the Money flowing - I can't tell (yet). 
Off to ikea to fill the new house. Homeownership is expensive... 
Too many cats at the Humane Society  http://www.2news.tv/news/local/48882562.html
Wisdom tooth definitely hurts 
going to sleeep now (: hopefully the Geometry teacher lets me in 
Wisdom teeth hurt  (OUcH)
Today was the Parent Teacher Conference and I got number EIGHT in the class!! TOP 10!!! WHOOO!! Oh and my bff got last.. 
Mystery Science Theater is good times. none of the Alfred Hitchhock silent films will play on my player. 
Just landed.. nothing to do. dnw to do my Human Development lec extra credit 
@limshiru haha ditto, and I'd be the first casualty in any of the World Wars &amp; Civil Wars  I'm quite freaked out. I haven't touched Micro.
I'm fucking hungry and I can't fucking eat! Wisdom teeth out in the am 
wishes he could hold a Press Conference announcing an affair - but it wouldn't be true 
OK it's been a whole five minutes now  it's still floating around lost in Cyberspace &gt;.&lt;
@greenfelttip Social networking and the fundamental limit of 24 hours in a day makes everyone a bad person 
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance. 
hopes New Braunfels' McKenna Children's Museum will revise their anti-mama/baby policies. I had really been looking forward to visiting 
Office meeting  Free cake and coffee 
Now I got the subject Data- &amp; Application Developement. It's so intresting. Why must be outside a sunny wether? 
I lost the bet.  Women don't run in spain according to our mini-study today.  21 men vs 2 women runners 
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance. 
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance.  http://bit.ly/w8a8a
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance. 
The guy who wrote Designing for the web. should have considered designing for the iphone when laying out the ebook. horizontal scrolling 
@thewaterox thanks!  that is, if I ever get beyond having to defend my decision not to use Marxist Feminism 
No longer moderator on the Encyclopedia Gigantica.  I hope the rest does a good job, it would be a waste if not.
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance. 
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance. 
Learning informatics  Writing exam tomorrow evening
Systems report My Academic Resource System and Utilities requests maintenance. 
Guess I better get ready to Re-Design my channel 
Wisdom teeefie  be back later with my mouth blown up like a chipmunk! Yay :|
@Alexmilway I've been wondering this myself!  That and Creationist &quot;Museums&quot;.....omfg.
is Texas lost College World Series 2009!! I was hoping texas would win that Baseball game....But No!! 
Coming Home   But Orientation tomorrow!!!!
Learning learning learning. But I cant concentrate. 
@KevinRuddPM hey, I have an assignment draft due tomorrow, and I havent started. I look at it and all it says is nothing to me  Crisis.
Leaving dallas today  but coming back....different! Peace is necessary..
Just walked up the stopped 5 story escalator at peachtree center.  Who knew I'd be getting a workout on the way to class? Urban trek.
Ticket sales for concert not doing well  sighs. Journey home now. - http://tweet.sg
MS Wiki Research surveys of 100+ wikis - Concludes - Immense Appeal, some successes, mostly dead wikis.  #e2conf
Any Ideas as to where my dead cell phone could be?? I want to pull some photos off and well I can't find it. booo 
Why do Revolution's 2-4-1 vouchers only last until 9? We're never out before 9!  And it's so ruddy expensive.
I didn't ask to star in it. I'm EP'ing it. Doesn't seem like I'm directing anything. It's all part of the show. Film. Saga. EPIC 
Freedom is a week ahead 
English Essay 
@craigritchie I get failed security errors every time I try the Prototype Experience 
Windows 7 upgrades priced at Home $119.99, Professional $199.99 or Ultimate $219.99 new retail copy will be $199.99, $299.99 or $319.99 
I'm in class! Political science.. 
@tothepc Did you check out http://www.weboword.com We aren't a dictionary, but we are all about Visual Vocabulary!  Come have fun.
@NickityNatNat Color it purple! 
@lspearmanii @milagro88 @dmf71 @paulmason10538 @mauibeech @gunka @maczter @ThankTank  #Gratitude
Progress on the Math Quilt is slow, but steady. Tomorrow I will teach children and finish sewing the Quilt. Then on to my beloved comics 
Hey check out my new blog, http://www.examiner.com/x-6143-Chicago-Enneagram-Examiner Learn about the Enneagram to land that great boss! 
Listening to Honor Society 
@Flying_hei Yes, thanks - just about to get some hot coffee and hoping that 'Normal Service will be resumed as soon as possible'! 
Guitar Learning System   http://www.extremetech.com/article2/0,2845,2344543,00.asp
Great blog - Justice Conquering Religion? Shining some light in darkenss  http://bit.ly/C7k4
[-O] Varujan Pambuccian is rocking da house at the Information Security in Web 2.0 Era conference  http://tinyurl.com/cnlsz3
My Report Was: English: B-, Modern History: A-, Geography: B, Maths B: B-, Accounting: A and IPT: A      
@BrynDrescher LOL History belongs to the last person to write it... 100 years from now could well be rocking robin 
is debating, Vietnam or the Phillipines? Culture or the sun? Heat or more heat? Life is good 
awesome song by Press play on tape: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLWw1OpDrpI geekyness at it's best 
@bookie_girl ooh, the Room of Requirement! http://is.gd/raut 
First, came Software as a Service... Now, Food as a Service!  http://is.gd/rauq
At the Royal Library for the first time. I get the attraction that some guys at DTU have with this place. Very nice! 
Examen 2009!!! 
@horrorhannah Very similar then. I did Broadcast and Multimedia Tech. I specialised in playing on the internet and not going to lectures. 
ALL slowness on my laptop (including problems in Media Center) seemed to evaporate after disabling search indexing on the hard drives \o/ 
@starlightlife wings4you I thank you for the info.on Nutrition People going through cancer need to understand the Value of this 
Engineering Photonically.. 100% Bioluminescent mode.. ie Researching/editing/writing before Illustrating 
just arrived at school traffic was terrible! English &amp; History trimesters then off for 2 weeks 
thought he fixed his sleep schedule, but is about to sleep at 5am again. At least I don't have to catch a flight today  go Louiville Women
@bellbajao's ad campaign won gold for Integrated Campaign at the abby's 
Presentation over, seemed to go well 
Looking forward to the Student Employee awards party today! 
@loumanna Just ordered your Digital Food Photography book after being inspired by your talk at Hallmark! 
@sammywilsonmp We are all doomed !!! What are you as our Environment minister going do for us !! 
@yourbartender  a Food Turing Test - now that's idea for a sci fi short story!  It'll involve tea too, of course, &amp; Infinite Improvability
@DHemily didn't realize yr in premed! Congrats Daphne! Any plans to visit Ohio? Historic Conservative Meeting on campus   Beautiful.
Loving the cold  And I want YOU to apply for the March of Dimes Collegiate Council! Want details? Msg me!
#cloudforce lots of talk about the Content Library in the sales cloud track. Worth looking at 
@Frassington Crisis averted now, pesky ketchup was eated  Next time I'm gonna make toast 
@schulman Yes, I am obviously the only one at the National Aviary who answers the phone.  
@bensummers Isn't that sweet of them.... Altruism at it's finest.... 
Treasured moments with my Pop @ the Nursing Home tonite, special times! Missed my Connect mates tonite, hope you're all doing amazingly 
@MarilynSasha @louielennon I'm gonna say it's whores on the street and I applaud them. Business women staying true to their nature. 
In the Digital Media Lab working on video.  Did anyone go to the networking night last night at LUC?
Sports History test well that went well.....not, at least i have an afternoon of gym to look forward to 
@AaronStrout &quot;Minister of Social Media&quot; has a better ring to it. 
Feels like cutting his hair. Ideas anyone? I will be doing it no later than 4pm 
Hey cool, the DW got accepted into SACAP (SA College of Applied Psychology), so going back to school for her from next month. 
I am going to record our first Video for the new brandnew Podcast Section. Wish me luck 
Coursework has made progress  but not as much as expected as time seems to have disapeared!! Gettin through it with Hall &amp; Oates x
@stanfordsummit Stanford Summit 2008 short video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAxcVIJu-XQ Remembering funtastic,roller coaster ride 
Private Project for lindaenever by GreatNotion24 #Jobs #Copywriting #SEO: As discussed  (Budget: fixed $250, J.. http://tinyurl.com/canxhb
@IraFromSyosset Sexual openness - what @wqueens said.  
OMG - Film: Masters of the Universe! Special film   \o/ Dolph, where was your head at?!       * L &lt;3 V E *
good convos ppl  (at Science Club)
@jsnail An excellent choice of building your vocab!  We'd request you to check out http://www.weboword.com Vocab visually! 
@Local_Music_Fan of COURSE you do! 
@suzannetobias Ended up getting the cheapest one Attitudes had ($21!). But thank you. 
Going to see the Cezanne and Beyond exhibit today at the Philadelphia Art Museum! Loving the sunshine today 
Hanging out with @ServingHumanity this weekend ~ Learning some fun, funky, Pranic Healing stuff 
@PrincessOfPlano @tiinag @Axiomtoo @nick_jastix @Reach @Persona_Affairs thanks for welcoming @playaholic my friends  much appreciated!
@johnrackham I've told you my idea for the British Museum security guard and the mummies, haven't I? You're the inspiration for it. 
I am sitting on the deck outside, enjoying the beautiful weather and writing my Behavior Change Paper for Clinical Psychology! 
Everybody should has a healthy lifestyle and save our earth! Peace! 
shares http://tinyurl.com/dy354j (Bahasa Indo Class Project performance. ) I'd played the kulintang  http://plurk.com/p/ovmsm
back from a cultural day at the Teknisk Museum, it was fun 
Is reading the Essential Kierkegaard 
My Project Exam was done, and i wasnt very lucky, but it is done. My Management Control System course is over and i feel free... 
@Lamartian30 Pfft school is koo. I'm ranked 2nd in my Experimental Psychology class  lol heeey do u have time to peep a track?
Working on a Management paper on the Hawthorne Studies, and watching the Cubs 
@delfar &quot;Comics: The Podcast&quot;  that a winner right there 
@delfar &quot;Comics: The Podcast&quot;, there you go. 
@taz288 I kid you not, they were showing me &quot;Rules of Engagement&quot; and they showed the promo. 
@TweSommelier fantastic  I'm trying some catawba wine in mine. Writing an article about it....it's very sweet, with a beautiful gold color
 Design with humor. Escape key on the run!-- http://ow.ly/3dfT
@drkilstein There are a lot of &quot;Social media gurus&quot; on twitter with &lt;30 followers &amp; tweets.  Isn't that kind of similar to the diet prog? 
Laying in the Living Room... Watching Forensic Files... Talking to my Sisters!!!  The Good Times!!!
Looking up classes for next semester. Sociology of the Family, Psychology, Speech, Spanish, Self Discovery, and Economics 
Thought Adventure Land was good.. not as good as Superbad 
has changed my profile pic again  It is from It's a Sensory World. http://plurk.com/p/oxeao
watching the movie i rented The Women with my mom. btw i realized i have no followers so i'm going to try and get some. 
@TPO_Hisself The &quot;World's Smallest Political Quiz&quot; places me as a centrist; That way, all sides can consider me loony 
@kristacolvin  *Postal Procrastination*...that's a mouthful  The largest nation in the world is PROCRASTINATION, I fly there often!
Finally finished my final Art of Cinema Paper!! I'm Practically home free!!! I can almost taste the beer 
Ponce (The Retarded Police) remembers me! 
@matadon Code. Until 3am at least. I'm reading Synchronicity: The Inner Path of Leadership. Code=Cake, right? 
@Jenreynolds25 Hopefully I do not get the tata, I enjoy the reminders to watch the Science Mystery Theatre 3000 shows... 
#Razuna features now a Explorer-Tree. Yeah, we listen to our community  Open Source Digital Asset Management http://razuna.org
Volunteering to eat homework on ABC Science Matters Mailing List, The offer stands for everyone. 
@maverickwoman Social Media Alternate Reality Game meets Pension Funds  http://twurl.nl/1yvhgq
On a bus. Novel experience for me! Thankfully it's just taking me back to my car 
@DH_Photography thanks! 
NeW account.  Can you follow me guys? x3
@jeffpulver That's really wonderful!! I love that too my friend, It's Great to see People putting the Social back into Social Media 
Long Live Diplomacy! 
Ainaku ainaku hehe.. sign off na muna ako... Review na ng seryoso..  wish me luck sa tuesday and wednesday guys!
getting ready for church...still working out the whole Awareness thing during the summer...looks good though 
http://tinyurl.com/dmmmhd &quot;Social Engineering&quot; it's whats for dinner 
Learning how to use this. 
Quote of the day: &quot;Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.&quot; Haha 
lalala new phoneee &lt;33 Museum of Science with the fam, out till laterr.  call/text 
Supposedly three Guns N Roses records up to 2012 starting with Chinese Democracy. 
@theladywrites The Write Skills Class or The Write Class 
After an Intensive Golf week, I would love to stay at home tomorrow, but I guess that after a week of school, next weekend I'll go to ski 
@legalgeekery I guess @Harvard_Law getting rid of grade still wasn't enough to push YLS out of the spot. Suckers! 
@HenryMelton Care to come visit? Research a future book?   http://bit.ly/UHuwd
Learning to twitter! 
@worldexpats Legal! they keep it under their hats.and when they greet each other, they exchange coca tea 
@Blueprint4Style: books to read about travel 
fun times with the Chows... Natural History Museum and black bean sauce - epic 
Excited for my last Creative Consultants forum of the year--such a great group to work with, especially with @KDarr at the helm! 
@Zappos_Service thanks! that was a super fast reply. @zappos rock! 
@MegganW I decided on Sense and Sensibility, the recent mini-series . . 
Brushing up my knowledge of the U.S. Constitution--I like working in a bookstore 
&quot;The Psychology of Cyperspace,&quot; A New wave of Addiction - http://bit.ly/T0i7c - Apparently affects more women than men - 
Learning our new biz tools from  http://tw5.us/FQ  Vital 4 our business &amp; yours. Never dread tax record keeping again. Powerful! again! 
is researching the aerodynamics of bees... hmmm, interesting!!  Learning something new everyday is refreshing 
1 more chap to go  then i will be done Mechanics then i can start studying for my ecnn
Just bopping in the kitchen to Human League's Greatest Hits on the iPod. I almost feel young again  Kids thought I was having a fit 
Listening to the album: The Jackson 5 - History 
I have a newly aquired affinity for the Food Network 
giving thanks for a beautiful day...Peace 
Some great Social Interactive Cinema ideas coming from AFTRS Directors at 1st day of Innovation &amp; Form  Refreshing, even talking Twitter!
@rickyli99 Had to look that up in the Urban Dictionary! Those days (as brief as they were) are over for me. 
Intro to the ministry of youth and sports, &quot;the fresh ministry&quot; --yes that really is their motto 
is listening to &quot;Why did'nt I&quot; by Honor Society 
@JustinPollard sounds like a perfect day! i love the British Museum.... and beer! 
Learning Papervision3D... 
Advent Children Complete ud beres!! Skarang nungguin english subs ny deh 
is going to lecture today about her Thesis. I know what I want to say. 2 bad I need to prove it 
@Health_Tips not anymore... 
didn't knew Professionalism was a real word. I won a stress ball because of it. 
@britl A Bible Class on the letters of Peter-going after my Master's Degree in Pastoral Leadership-hope to get it before I retire 
@umbraco I think we need that Case Story / Gallery section soon, hard to keep track of all the big solutions out there these days 
@heyiloveyou Bagay ka din dun  I used to like Liberal Arts and Anthropology too, but I think I'm not cut out for that.
@MariahCarey aka Mrs. 500-hours- Beauty School: What`s your personal Cosmetic &quot;Highlight&quot; ??? 
coffee is good. So are ethical standards in International Relations and anti-oppressive representations of women from all backgrounds 
Tech Webcast Community Forum now open! REGISTER NOW  http://snipr.com/g9tyt
Shnuggled up in bed with my puppy  mmm Grays Anatomy reruns lol
Yay! Dissertation is finally done. 11350 words. Handing it in this afternoon 
@lightsup Gender and puppy haven't determined yet. I imagine this process to be me falling in love with some dog and not having a choice 
I love the last day of classes..pizza in Tax today and pizza in Business Math tomorrow night!!  
just came to know that I have an exam tomorrow  Professional Ethics, can someone plz temme the venue and time of the exam ;)
Finally done with school!!!!!! Graduate on the 27th and can't be happier....I've got my Masters and I'm done with school forever. 
is in yonkers with katherine.  National weed day, gonna be chilling with robbie, drew and belle i guess?  
Studying: Math &amp; History- o yea and an English Paper 
@Paleo_princess because you don't throw half a tub of cream cheese with chives and onion on normal bread. mmmcream cheese and salmon 
another 95% grade in Crew 440... looks like I'm heading for a 95% average in Scriptwriting... YAY 
Learning to share the computer again. 
@SarahStewart EDNA Education Network Australia 
@edcommander you need to book into da Vinci's Better Briefing Workshop 
And with that going on a full day Twitterbreak. Peace and a bottle of hairgrease 
dang me, HS != Hidden Sword, WS != WuDang Sword  it Health and Sanitation, Water Supply
@AndyJHunter 'bout Cultural Shift - i happen to own the record - it rocks! 
if you do the Enneagram  profiling test could you let me know what type you are? 
@mayank That's what D. Carnegie was talking about in his book &quot;How to Influence people and win friends&quot;. No give at first,no take at all 
Learning how to communicate DKS thro twitter!  feel free to ad us onto ur list! lotsa action comin up  cheers,raoul/eddie
@Dutchiedude LOL European Connection Service getting paid 5 quid for this?  rofl!
@gcrush looks fuckin awesome, clean and simple, although I'd change the font to Century Gothic 
Showering, then talk with my love. Peace 'til next time! 
new galaxies Urban Design Proposal - seeking Ideas and feedback  - [pushpullbar]2: Currently the U.. You must be authenticated to acce ...
is watching X-Men Origins today! 
X-Men Origins... 2 thumbs up 
Oh well, another year older....off to the National Space Centre today 
after the wine....the History Channel....today's topic...Ancient Greece...The Battle of Troy....I'm such a nerd. I love this stuff 
up and off to watch the finals of the Malta Photographic Society open competition... dad has 2 prints in the top 5. fingers crossed! 
Hey everybody!! Peace out!  I am out for the night! (maybe, who knows maybe I will be back on twitter in 5 min, but I will try not to!)
Tech Conclave Episode 4 is now 70% done. 
A Snob's Guide to the Internet Class System http://tinyurl.com/dht3g9 (via @techxav) I'm not saying a word 
@THEREALSWIZZZ  k  xo  hey he mixed to me when I look at his wrk.. Preraphaelite and Modern.. just loved the lines as good as Tadema xo
Someone in UNITED STATES liked Phage Wars http://tinyurl.com/b7jogl 
@ChrisMatkaris hey! Dead Poets Society isn't for everyone &amp; I know you have excellent taste in films  
http://twitpic.com/4e9cb - Nature will always win 
My favorite songbird just flew in so I'm a go to sleep while she sings to me...Peace 
VPs (Med, Dentistry and Med Sci), Treasurer and Social Concerns have updated their pages on http://imusrc.blogspot.com/ do check it out 
@adlyman Youth... 
Hello World! This is the first tweet for Dynumo Interactive Web Design Agency, and I hope that it is the first of many! 
@Barnsleysime Individuality... yesss. I'll drink to that, being proud of who you are and what you're all about and showing the world! 
is getting ready to go to the A.P Studies Headquarters a.k.a Tisdahl's room, peace out homies, I'll cya if you're there  &lt;3
I woke up this morning with an article on &quot;5 Levels of Learning&quot; fully formed in my mind. I have to write it down before I forget it 
Finishing the &quot;I Am Presence&quot; Illustration 
Our windows #Homeserver now with 1,5 Terabytes Memory 
Just bought the Princess Bride, the Time Travellers Wife and a British Harry, A History for @melanelli. Book shopping makes a happy Andy 
is going to be sophisticated today. Detroit Institute of Art 
; Math = 63% , English = 100% , French = 83% , Science = 88% , History = 89% , Info = 37% , Dance = 94% , Gym = 74% , Moral = 61% ! Woot 
is giving a presentation on Accessible Technology for Seniors at the Calgary Seniors Housing Forum! 
Color day yesterday was awesome  and today got a bbq. =P
*clutches proudly his Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from top art school* 
@yqwong Democracy also means that booing is allowed  If not, it would be curtailing one's rights.
Learning &quot;The Middle&quot; by Jimmy Eat World. 
Rereading Living Dead in Dallas: Book 2 Southern Vampire Series by Charlaine Harris! Great series, recommend to all vampire lovers 
I am going to run around- life is so  calm today  Who loves Greys Anatomy?
Hi everyone! @vppanman is INTO jazz ~ Steel Pan Performer, Composer, Arranger, Teacher. Check him out&gt; http://www.victorpanman.com! 
http://twitpic.com/4f2zp - Peace,love&amp;&amp;music 
@Works247 cool 
&quot;Social networks&quot; are good for &quot;Social distancing&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/dggnor
@kimokali thank you for your kind words... seems like I should try this Training (tm) stuff... I hear it works. 
Learning about twitter, then goin' to catch some z's for a good day again tomorrow 
Best Collection Of Free Wordpress Themes http://tinyurl.com/dxax9r please retweet 
@jewlicious Non-Jewish hotties. Aha, that explains the lack of pulkies (thighs) 
Egypt Write Literary Academy opening its worldwide English Version soon!  http://EgyptWrite.com
Should really start Human biology revision right about now 
@Collingdale welche mit Physik und Religion? 
@TrulyJamesNeil  Lol its not really poetry, just randomness. Human biology is hard work :/ probably my hardest subject. 
@slipandstumble Aus History! woo! but i've stopped now. Games&amp;Quizzes is much more fun 
Tech Webcast Community Forum now open! REGISTER NOW        http://techwebcast.info/forum/index.php
@Woork Women in all ages read this!  http://tinyurl.com/dk8dyx
In church, then doing Journalism with MANDA. 
@DH_Photography yup- that and sleep 
@EMA_Photography yeah, it's today.  reports say it's going to rain on and off all day--could be a good excuse for me to get new rainboots 
says 2 more days `till Review!  http://plurk.com/p/rkpc3
@sanjeevn : ah, but I don't have a dog in this fight. Policy of cheering whichever lot plays good cricket on the day  being v zen n all
@HeyAmaretto wow, that's way too deep before my coffee, I am listening to Politics which is bad enough   MOrning ....
Just loving life today in a quiet meditative way.  I love G-d, and He loves me.  I am so content.  I need nothing more than this.  Peace.
@Adam__Carter Ahh, im hoping to do International Relations and Business, clever me ;D thanks for following me btw  wubu2 2day? x
Starting off today with more work on the novel, and trying to recruit some help with it   Brainstorming is best done in groups.
@trentvanegas yes  wish that song wouldve come on. We got a little Journey right now.
The weather is g-r-o-s-s today. Writing my last college paper ever. 
Trying to knockout this last paper for Family and Marriage Therapy- send motivating vibes please 
@BRich404 Menace to Society 
Watching Little Women with the rents 
Learning German with Speedconkiwi 
@bygbaby I fit the same definition except substitute &quot;cracker&quot; for &quot;Negro&quot;... I would love to change the world one click at a time!!! 
ignoring the nasty popcorn smell, still reeling from the awesome Criminal Minds episode that i just watched 
LOVING the new computer! Learning some PSCS4....should probably be sleeping 
Strike that: Introduction to Electrical Engineering final tomorrow.  so i guess i should start studying that and put the Naut sci away!?!
I want the X-Men Origins of storm 
Playing Human-Age 
@sizzlemaker check out all of the celebs needing interns on quarterlife.com/intern or in my Examiner Column 
http://twitpic.com/4j5r0 - I got the Artistic Differences gypsy coat. 
@ryanr09 Youth....and maybe caffeine? 
Yes! Got an e-mail stating that I've been selected as a Confidant in the Peer Helping Program by the Student Counselling Center in NTU 
@halfpastoctober So wonderful! I recently reread Hitchhiker's Guide and then read the other three for the first time.  Definitely a fave.
the era of the word - 'UN' (not united nations lar) is coming on fast - Unconference, Unreason, ... better get those domains ! 
I go to &quot;User Experience Roundtable Hamburg - Detlev Fischer on Accessibility, BITV Test&quot; https://www.xing.com/events/333622 Don't miss! 
My Chemical Romance Official Sodahead Profile  http://www.sodahead.com/mychemicalromance/  
@crustydolphin Journey!? Wow... u just became cooler.  hehe... (is that possible!?)
@GirlfriendMAG thank you sooooo much for my snoopy T-shirt! I love it to bits! It's a perfect fit, just got it this morning!  Peace
Ken Wilber - Realistic Expectation of Integral Wisdom: http://tinyurl.com/clfzdx ...very interesting.  I don't mind the video quality.
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/449yj - If I say &quot;Mystery Science Theatre 3000&quot;, does that mean anything to you? 
@leeprovoost the movie takes a lot of digs at the Indian Movie Industry so may not much sense, unless you have followed it long enough 
Facebook Group: World Leaders  http://www.theatlantic.com/a/facebookhumor.mhtml
Mattcutts.com: Domain Umzug und neues Design http://redir.ec/iF2b ... 
Feeling much better  Doing History Research.
Getting ready for school. Class starts at 10. Critique at noon. I'll be painting my Vermeer most of the day though 
Building the radio studio from which we're going to podcast from. It's for our foundation called the Insight Foundation 
Getting to play golf with our kickin' Leadership Team...I have a feeling they r gonna kick me on the golf course 
is stoked for spring! Amazing wild foods! Nature is abundant~bless up!!! 
ill and bored on bank holiday.. Nothings open.. Bad times.. Film it is 
@oninobaka you know it's a place with &quot;Action&quot; 
In Study Hall with Brittneyy!! 
I went to the World Education fair today. It was a whole different kind of circus. 
@IamRah Peace to you too  How's the day treating you?
Trying to figure out what to do tonight. See the game? Social events w. friends? Or stay home and play the s**t out of my drums 
Women in Science &amp; Technology conference in La Jolla - what an interesting day!  Met some really great people!  
And the boss said thanks for all your work 2day  Peace
Learning how to jerk and stanky leg at sunset cliffs. headlights spotlight  with colorado and fam
@macgenie sounds like an episode of TV Wine Library with @Garyvee. 
just got home from church. The Service was good 
I am now Vice President of Social and Cultural Affairs at Southwestern College 
@RisaRM do you like the rain, too?  I love rainstorms and fresh wind.  Nature is amazing 
Please Review Sunehre Ad Placement  http://tinyurl.com/oow6mk
Cultural tour 102 by loiusa's family: kangaroo sight-seeing in cemetary. Lovely 
@gabemedina my problem is the other way around.  Except I have a loop hole.  Education = equivalent experience 
is off to Body Power Expo! Thanks to Mike at Performance Network for the free tix! 
Loves when hard work pays off. Yay for being nominated for the National Society of Collegiate Scholars!! Wow!! 
As old as the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe &amp; everything. That's 42, for all the non-Hitchikers Guide fans 
Greys Anatomy is so fuckn awesome atm!! 
Thanks @PARKPLACEMTG @StopChronicPain @Kerrysherin @Health_Twit01 
mothers day today      school tomorrow and a full week of National Testing
@alucinari Moral support for students 
auntiegail says 'Today I am picking up the hi-vis vests for the kids they say 'Auntie Gails Childminding Service'  xxx.'
@dark_jayy It might hav to cost u a History essay. 
finishing session handbooks - Just Health and Safety and Manageing Discipline and Grievance to add!! 
Spent some time with the Guild Wars 4th birthday update. Menagerie is a welcome new feature... For Rangers anyway. 
Of to photograph Highpreformance boat.  Action
@mojustice it's in the Constitution I think, must admire and know great Americans. 
just took a break from GCSE revision with Faith to have some lunch.  Watched the start of the Grand Prix 
says Night at the Museum 2 ???? ????????  http://plurk.com/p/swowl
And now - Museums, potentially!  #ahsunday
Heading to Philadelphia for SIFE National Competition! Can't argue with a free trip! 
@thelight1 combined studies of History, Psychology + Sociology access course and probably History Degree after  wanna go 2 Falmouth Uni 
Haha. Freedom was awesome.! 
On my way to the Learning Trail with my 2 favorite kids!!! We skipped sunday school so we could play!!! 
Follow my hubby @CommissionerAnt - Law Professor, LGBT Rights Activist, Politician, and all around amazing guy #samesexsunday 
I'm recording a voiceover for a Home Working Health &amp; Safety Assessment E-Learning module for local government. Hush! 
@MadisonMitchell LOL galloping? I'd have to see it to truly believe it. Picturing it is making me giggle though 
On the bright side, i did get an A- on my Art History final 
Oh dear sweet humor...I remember theses Justice Friends. Wow, ow, it pains me  I love Dexter's Laboratory.
@dvineexpression Go ahead Pastor/Professor/Author! 
@karasorensen I'm all about Peace with food  Gives us back a lot of energy to focus on the life we want to live.
@xallperce hehe. Peace tayo @deathnotebook ah! 
Someone somewhere liked Tomb Chess http://bit.ly/sY5DE  
Distinct Space is listed http://bit.ly/Njp81
@KaulitzToyzXD it just reminds me of becca barsoda.  Peace.&lt;3.Gnomes
@chillinwithjeff Service started rough, but ended much better. The word was well received. 
Oh you know, Democracy is power 
great day  NCDC won Outstanding Student Org. AND Outstanding Community Service Event (Project Pumpkin!) PLUS FNS IM Soccer won 4-1!! WOOT!
Learning the ins and outs in twitter!!! 
Essay officaly done. @natkattt WOAHHH. im glad.  no staying up too late tonight!!!
btw the &quot;History of Native Literature&quot; class  was awesome. I learned a lot 
@AngelIVXXX, we have some Astrology in common! 
@mikeboyd just got a Hive Brisbane invitation through the Entrepreneurship and Innovation Cluster at QUT via email! 
@SashaOPine MSc Human Rights, who is you? 
Youth group was awesome... (if you didn't come, you should have 
@misslaura07 Works fo' me 
Listening to TMV while doing Archaeology h.w 
Lots of people at mount Jump awaiting the Holy Chair. Language can be a great toy to play with 
@RavikiranRao Hmm... Learning for the day: Succession is dynastic! 
didnt go into 2 Peace the past 2 days... peaceful indeed... 
prints down the bottom  i think you'd probably use, Paper stock &amp; Method of Printing?
No written exam this year. Celebrating with coke, Martins treat. 
@storagebod  I think it's to distinguish from the CWU. Was originally the Society of Post Office Executives. Distinct from mail carriers.
@thorbenl Wow, http://OrSiso.com seems pretty impressive thus far!! ths will help me tremendously 2 organize my Social Media experience! 
put Rural Living to bed at 5.45 - woohoo it was pretty smooth so I'm pretty happy 
I met the Exchange Students from Soka Univ this afternoon. They were nice. I hope they'll instantly join our org.  YEY to new members!
Listening to a song called 'Parlez Vous Francais?' by Art Vs Science, check them out on myspace too 
The Colours of Southern Africa: the Wildlife Photography of Hannes Lochner http://bit.ly/a1lH3 Enjoy and have a fab day  ;)
Last paper tomorrow! Lucky I've bought Biology Matters or I will be dead. 
@freakgoddess Had I not clicked on the link It would have though of it as Natural Language Processing 
is a proud new member of The Art Fund now 
@capricious_and thanks again for coming over.  BEST Change Room evar.
I shall study History later. 
I've now officially decided that I am addicted to manga   It rocks big time!!!   Peace to those who love manga too 
Just found out that I got exams in History n Philosophy, n Politics n Human rights... Sort of sad  But also sort of glad 
@TheBookseller Arts for kids author and publisher/editor...enjoys talking drivel about publishing, crafts, choc and being a rubbish mum 
@treewatcher21 Age yes 
going to work Lansdowne Private Wealth Management 
@toddcreager @new_zealand_guy @ritasoutback - Thanks, if you love art take Art History, if you want an easy class, dont take it 
We are actually get a LOT of traction on UI unit tests using WatiN.  Writing wrapper classes around our pages 
@myeggnoodles http://www.barnraiser.org/aroundme   http://www.phpizabi.net/  Free Social networking scripts... 
Yearbook distributions all day  and then my date.  everyone look for me when you get your yearbooks 
@jchutchins I can't seem to get love from my local Social Media and Mainstream Media Circles, but you're making me blush. Thank you. 
finishing up my coffee, taking a shower, working until 5, then off to the Fashion Center at the Pentagon 
AP World History exam today; feel great 'bout it!  x
Outside in the sun reading Zombie Survival Guide with a drink   Also thinking it might be fun to write a western, as long as it's original
Preaching RedDot to Student Affairs this morning 
Just finished breakfast presentation on Bootstrapping to Clinton Co. Econ. Dev. Council. Great group! Maybe future IBA chptr location!  
oh! a real bug walking around on my screen   Nature makes a visit indoors.
Modern Warfare 2 Details leaked  http://is.gd/zo44 I can't wait!
One more thing - the event is in support of the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation 
http://twitpic.com/55nkx - 2days craft... Paper plate lady bugs 
Just submitted entry to Writer's Digest for contest.  Wish me luck 
National Geographic. 
http://twitpic.com/5c5z8 - Bill thanks the fans for their TRL Artist of the Year Award 
@TweSommelier lol..i actually asked for (and received) a gift of &quot;Chess for Dummies&quot; a few yrs ago..still haven't mastered it 
@asmorrison you need a Holistic Health Counselor 
Watching &quot;National Treasure: Book of Secrets.&quot; It is a good movie. 
@DanaSingleton thank you National Advisory Council member 
is a happy little vegemite, as bright as bright can be  Learning to salsa tonight, I hope. So excited.
I appreciate the marketers, but I REALLY appreciate those who just like to talk &amp; have fun! Diversity is good 
Now I know. Programming this particular web site is easier with a glass of alcohol within reach. 
Made it to Animal Collective! 
All matter is energy, all energy is information. Information is thought, thought is consciousness. Consciousness is All That Is 
All matter is energy, all energy is information. Information is thought, thought is consciousness. Consciousness is All That Is 
Learned a lot from Abstract Art. 
@rbuerckner Symbology is literally the study of symbols. I still think we're talking symbolism or symbolic representation here 
I saw &quot;InThe Land of Women&quot;  great movie!!
Depeche Mode 'I just can't get enough' and Art History revision go together surprisingly well  And the rain is back, which makes me happy
July 1st I will show you how to run a successful business without relying on &quot;Tv&quot; &quot;Newspaper&quot; ads 
Tomorrow I am going to see Matisyahu perform at the Health and Harmony festival. I am really excited about it 
Sweet - up to chapter 7 exercises in &quot;Common Lisp: A Gentle Introduction to Symbolic Computing&quot; 
Talking to mr snedden about tweeting vs twitting. Freedom tral today yay! 
When Bears Meet the Modern World ..   http://budurl.com/66ll
@tinafightsfire  National Band Aid week 
@tinafightsfire  National Band Aid week 
@Art_Advisor @Art_News  ~Thank you both for the smile. 
Engagement shoot then meeting up with @k_cole 
@melgrimes They don't mean what they are. Marriage is usually symbolic of Ministry and Pregnancy is of preparing to &quot;birth&quot; something. 
Watching life after people on History Channel. Peace at last 
@DDGriffith Translation: *look* young but *feel* old! 
went to a Fort, got shouted at for going there  attempting to revise Politics, sadly failing
Printed pictures, ran, brothers game  last night was fun and todays chiiiiilll
@MGChislett  I really like The Worst Tatste in Music by The Radio Dept.  
@JoWiKi enjoy bro... U might should head east when u get there and spend time in the &quot;Natural State&quot; 
lazy sunday. no bra. back to bed. cell on charge. hopefully Law &amp; Order is on. later tweeties 
@aileen2u2 That is exactly what I'm learning to do now. Building databases and building queries, fun stuff 
@adamsleepers Myspace link for Poetics ? 
@priceysixtysixx I have a degree in Geography, ask me whatever you want to know about Budapest...and I will consult Trip Advisor for you 
@BeShayBe ooOooO Museums are wayyy awesome 
For success with Personal Computers focus on the former more than the latter. Same advice for Social Media success. (via @Paisano)  Faved.
@JayDoub Peace, folks prefer clean versions of music for the radio show, but accept whatever for the BlackRadioIsBack.com - thanks! 
@shaycarl http://twitpic.com/5cvo5 - Beautiful Family 
Just took a shower, cleaned my room, still haven't done my History reading = good day. Haha 
By the way - Case's progress on Jean's character design pleases me.  He even designed the Enterprise patch on the shoulder! 
officially has a Master's of Accounting degree! 
@JodiGrundig I think it's a third of the entire cost of my trip next week. Ouch. Research trips have small budgets. 
Making dinner and watching the season finales of Animation Domination! 
Presentation went well than expected... So I'm very happy 
Learning to live in the tension can be very challenging at times.  Remembering to breathe always helps. 
@WookieeChew I listened to some of the Future of Forestry EP, and I really like it. I might have to order it! Thanks Wook 
hey ppl!! just found an excitingly easy way to make money in me pjs!! totally cool guys.. check it out and join me now.. Peace ppl!! 
@gulpanag oh I'm studying to do well in my LAST entrance exam..it's to get into BITS..u know,Birla Institute of Technology and Sciences 
If you love to read ...check out Book Blogs at http://bookblogs.ning.com/ You'll love it  
@ALOliver Morning. Our eldest had Computing last week. Physics &amp; Maths later this week. I'm more nervous than he is.  Good luck to yours.
Learning to use Mixx  http://t.mixx.com/mirM
@iaindale The people of this nation will rescue the HoC at a General Election  because the English know how to deal with these matters
has something exciting to announce re: Progression Project....shortly 
@mattwithers Welcome back! Thought switching to Education Board (or sg like that) took up all your time. 
Wie Social Media Marketing nicht funktioniert! Witziger Spot  http://ow.ly/7p0r (via @MarcoWieck) (via @Ennome)
@fartingpen Sin City is like the Modern Wild Wild Western  Artistic and Excellence in performance.. not many ppl understand it 
I'm going to bed.  It's WAY too late   On the plus side, I got to use The Union in my final paper for Social Ethics 
eek, fixing nonsense-sentences in latest blog post on Careers in music - http://twurl.nl/oyn6ef - really shouldn't blog at 2am 
@kunaldua ask for Hermes Heritage complex. Its a small eatery. nothing decor-wise but awesome food. hope you enjoy 
got a revised Gender topic. Yay! 
@psychemedia Fine! But nice to have a socially positive outcome on the side  Political &amp; cultural change from open data will be big.
@lizzie4berries do you also read other books? I love reading. I read everything. Crime, Romatic, Fantasy... 
Just finished the debate at the AIESEC Leadership Debate..great panel and good bunch of students..thx for the opportunity @disruptiveplay 
@hfordsa Social media to the rescue? 
Searching For Peace 
Just did my presentation on Business Correspondence for Batch, online, on demand and User Interactive. audience loved it 
El topic de hoy, Design Patterns 2 
Everyone trying Social Media as a promotion tool should read this site  http://ow.ly/7wF1
@ModelSupplies  To be honest this one is new to me Didnt know there was a ranking site .Learning everyday 
Everyone trying Social Media as a promotion tool should read this site  http://ow.ly/7wF1 (via @NikkiPilkington)
Peace begins with a smile 
Just in.. Exploring.... 
tooo much party but, never enough rock &amp; roll....however I have to sleep sometime    Peace
@xelaxexi workshop internal kantor  Living close by does not always guarantee you reaching your office on time. Memory does 
I am currently enjoying my day  It's May 18, see   and I really like Biology and Inductive Research (UPCAT Review! ;)   aja, aja!
@brianteeman Thats not far from here, oh well will have to meet up another time  Mid Wales Joomla Training Session maybe.
Learning about twitter! that's what we're doing today.... 
Today is the International day of the Museums ---&gt; Go visit one! NOW! 
Persiapan nonton 'National Treasure : Book of Secret' di P3kmegaplex, lagi buat pop-rock corn (jagung rebus) dulu 
Sixteenth birthday 
Playing Pet Society while playing RAN Online 
We now have Scuba Diving Insurance specialists on TheScubaSite forum  http://bit.ly/UQ9lE
@twofistededitor The idea is hers to run with, formal story prompt or not. Ideas are cheap! 
@andybeckwith Review for you  http://bit.ly/NZeQG
@officialTila Translation: I love you. 
@twitchling We homeschool and have a variety of activities during the summer.  Camps, fun classes, etc.  Learning doesn't stop for summer 
Unusual and Creative Toilet Seats http://bit.ly/x5vhR (via @dollars5) The tabbed one rules 
@yukai_chou I did have fun at the LG Service Center. Quite lovely people there. 
Today's children are tomorrow's beekeepers. Teach children about Pollination and the importance of Bees 
Working on my world history project, &quot;Ethnic Problems in Yugoslavia,&quot; school in a few hours! 
Ancient all the way 
wants people to know the Alumni Notes have noy disappeared.  Online http://www.putneyschool.org/alumninotes/, pswd on p. 7 of spring Post 
I have discovered Secular Humanism and it is awesome!  Sign me up!
@seisiad online? Thanks for the tip. Technology these days 
Urban Active then going to the zoo 
 Web Design Trend Showcase: Rockets &amp; Spaceshipshttp://www.webmasterclip.com/node/394
@juneAmbrose its time for Intern J 
Learning to use Mixx  http://t.mixx.com/mjMt
@SaikOo National, dude, national epic fail day. You seemed unharmed tho, in your leather 
@jameshoskins Ah, point for clarification - FOSS = Front Office Shared Services not Free and Open Source Software 
@bismoyo Youth's eternal, senior complex's optional. 
Reclassification of the Political Science collection begun this weekend 
There you go @Elsied you are now in the Copywriters &amp; the Poets &amp; the Thinkers zones at http://linnetwoods.com/twitterhood/ 
@linnetwoods Got my own listing in my own Product Creators &amp; Digital Publishers category - sounds good to me - thanks 
In my first and only #Graphic #Design class! Yay for finally getting some &quot;formal&quot; instruction! 
Getting ready to go to the gym for a few hours. Then a meeting with Project Uplift. 
@waynemansfield I can't ask him until he follows me  I don't want to forget 2 ask him.  Pls remind me!! Memory going fast ya know.  
On my way to the Creation Museum. 
Publishing: Hard Business sometimes. 
Just finished &quot;Writing for Visual Thinkers: A Guide for Artists and Designers&quot; - http://bit.ly/19tH8o from @peachpit. A must read! 
@IdahoDomestic Learning some good techniques for cleaning my apt. from you. Now to find the time 
playing Pet Society!  &amp; don't know how to keep hiding my bad grades from my parents hahaha!
Paper is finally done 
thinks today was the best. Went to Science Center and it actually made my day  http://plurk.com/p/venwh
At least Technology was funny 
Anyone who wants a Graphic Design of a twilight character or characters let me know with the background and il make it for you 
@sbtfly  U got it on 1st try! Think I was the 1st black staff @ Toronto Arts Council, circa ..ok will have 2 get back to u bout my 3 yrs
@b50 omg no NOOOOOOOO I am from PETAQ - Ppl for Ethical Treatment of Animal Quotes 
Night at the Museum 2 = pure amazingness. True story. 
@christinastrain Lol, only b/c that Journey song has been playing in my head ever since.  And not just me.  
@lidasshi yeahhh same as archie ,but its gonna be alright like archie do now  btw have you heard the 'No Boundaries' studio vers ? Its ...
So....what am I doing? Writing 
Wow, den fra 1993 er jo nesten en iPhone  | The Evolution of Cell Phone Design Between 1983-2009 http://bit.ly/xMtTs
@vicwhite1 morning! Drafting a blog about which beauty products beauty writers and mag eds can't live without- any recommendations?!  thx
Now a show called World Heritage is on. It's got subs  However, this narrator has the accent of an English speaker, somehow...
Learning the ranks of nobility. Someday I will type kingdom's stroy 
@brunost For a solution like this I'd say convenience trumphs security.  The alternative is that you won't use it.  Paper in wallet? 
Achievement unlocked - 1000+ updates  The mark has been crossed, but noticed it just now!
Thought this happens only in movies  - Pentagon Seeks High School Hackers - http://digg.com/u13qfq
History of weed  http://adjix.com/e7pt
@ZoeFox try some DAT Politics. Daft silly great electro nonsense 
A woking woman,a mom,a homemaker,a companion,a friend &amp; more!Women rock!very soon we'll celebrate their success on utvi!Watch this space 
@terrywygal You look good on Eben Pagan's Video for the Guru Course. Video sure make people know more about a person. 
I feel a twoem coming on   ... dedicated to the Emerging Writer's Festival which starts tonight.
@BenjaminEllis I do so wish Margaret Spellings continued to hold on the Deptt of Education job in the US. 
is Constructing The Analytical Framework of Her Thesis 
@Tennis_Review Grata pelo #followfriday 
World Class Graffiti Inspiration | D-Lists http://bit.ly/NMpWt &lt;- really cool graffiti if you're into that sort of stuff 
@LJsBaby Peace is a very rare commodity here!!! I'm relishing every moment................. 
So ne Clipboard History ist schon was geiles. 
is in Business Studies  so so so so happy its friday ! yeyyyyyyyyy But not so happy about the terrible rain  x x x x
@VioletsCRUK Cancer Research UK Relay For Life: http://tu.nu/0a/31/4e good choice  life's not only business!
is in Business Studies  last lesson was so so so so scary we had to perform our Limbooo dance in english ! x x x x
The Joys of a Free Press and the Internet. 
just came from Driver License Center 
Massive BigUp 2 Lady Krii: the new Master of Business Administration 
@ThomasCrampton Social media savvy youngsters know how to tweet smart   If they don't, they're not cut out for it?
@villa81 hey Emmet, super congrats on winning the Net Visionary last nite! hope the head isn't too sore today  x
Interaction Design Association http://www.ixda.org/  (via @FairyGhost)
heading into town for the SAQA conference in about an hour; excited to see the rest of my peeps at tonights Quilt National opening 
At Schoool  Free Lessoon ..  
@booksbelow yes today is Primitive Antique day - we are moving lots of the baskets and heavy furniture outside to take pics 
Drafted my Business Plan! .  Yes, the Art Snob is planning to open up shop. 
@sanjukta don't wonder, @gulpanag actually is humble, friendly and approachable in real life ! Experience speaks, if you believe me 
Dictionary.com's word of the day today? &quot;Buss.&quot; As in &quot;You may now buss the bride.&quot; 
National Finance Transition happening 
Modern Warfare 2 teaser  http://bit.ly/nSjx0
Good morning twitterers  Hoping to get a lot of work done before heading off to the Diversity Workplace Symposium at OneUp on Bay+Dundas.
is reading about Economic Game Theory (input in welcomed), doctoral dissertations, and NCES/NSF annual reports 
@lovenals I totally agree with you. Youth is wasted on the young 
#followfriday !!!! @soccerfan007 @Tennis_Review , their tweets are the most updated!! 
Alexander Design - Final Pictures  http://bit.ly/nIXW1
@detoxdave http://is.gd/ClBU  Works a treat.
Advice: Econometrics can be studied perfect along with classical music! 
@Goleudy Works great, I enjoy it. It's just I get a little excited when it gets close to having a week off 
Human beings were not meant to sit in little cubicles staring at computer screens all day, filling out useless forms... 
@SofiaMiller  I'm quite fine. And @ work  Planning to get at least 100 more followers today . What's your schedule for today ?
Free Web Design Tutorials on Traffic, SEO, Etc at www.youtube.com/mwdwebdesign not bad if you are bored... 
@AshleyLTMSYF http://twitpic.com/5o7al - Peace out  What's with the bangs? You look a whole lot better without  lol
@TopiG I do believe in Booze-driven Economic Theory 
@toosilnet Yea, I can see how it would crimp the style of all you social Chemical Journal and Mathematical Journal Editors.. 
http://bit.ly/lLCL3 Business Scene Suffolk - Book now for our first event in Suffolk thanks to the Write Impression for our lovely venue 
Video: Brief History of Weed http://bit.ly/bo0zC  - only posted cuz is such a nice song... 
@zsbcreations Oh yeah - the Book Depository, another one of my downfalls 
#FF @BeaconOfLight would prefer we follow our Constitution 
Recognition is key to our Youth Development Strategy. And it sure gets a lot of mileage with adults too. I received a spot award today. 
@AlpacaFarmgirl Looks like your Fiber Arts link gave up and went on holiday 
@nationaltrust back in the '70s my parents joined the National trust because &quot;you could always count on your loos for a long journey&quot; 
Created a script which creates bulk AD Global Groups, put it in RES Wisdom, parameterised it and it rocks 
When photographing a sausage... 78 #Photography Rules for Complete Idiots http://is.gd/BmF9 I disagree with 4 and 9, and sometimes 53. 
@Ava_Horackova LOL no, I'm a tour guide at the Intl Society for Technology in Education on Friday mornings...  
I just listened to Gym Class Heroes &quot;The Quilt&quot; &amp; &quot;As Cruel As School Children&quot;  ; I'm just the coolest don't you think?!
Chase and Caden our GSD's Graduated from Advanced Obedience Class today   Tweeps best thing for your dogs is to train them.
k finally made to the hammock and this is the innagual tweet YAHOOOOOOOOO  Peace and harmony.
sleep time  tomorrow i'm not going to school!! :3 i'll be studying Constitutional Law all day!
Whoo I just got my Application for Conferral of Award Form for my Bachelor of Environmental Design 
is glad to be home again. 3 days left of Review 
Night at the Museum was so good  @jaymejj you would love it (minus amy adams is all over it haha)
@_erica lesigh. True enough. I love Typography, and playing with text and letters. I just get annoyed by easy kerning. 
long time coming! Lit Property is in Author's hands for final sig- should have it finalized by mid-next week according to management! 
is at SL Training Week and was just officially &quot;initiated&quot; as a 2009 Rec Leader! 
@JosephBTreaster  I think Hemp needs to be restored to the Agricultural landscape and the out dated laws overturned. Just a thought. 
The History Channel at two o clock as I flirt with the notion of a different summer trade. Interesting... 
so glad we'll use Motion Portrait http://www.motionportrait.com/e/ on our next project 
RA Banquet = Success! And I got a gift  
@nan_jones  - Information overload is becoming more and more real. But we love it right! 
@leanne416 I like the Mortal Instruments series better.... lol SO, yes. 
@fossiloflife No man, I have a sad life... Not as happening as our Poster boy @crucifire 
@norbs Mass Human Formations - astounding! When HORMONAL everything tends to be a little astounding! lol!!! It's Human Nature 
Peace out 
was just accepted in to the Psychology Honors program and is smiling about it  #fb
Watching the National Spelling Bee... 
matt giraud singing Human nature &quot;wow&quot;..i ve been listening to his version of the song over and over and over 
taking my measurements. 2 weeks from now i'm modeling a dress made out of magazines. Modeling my ideal career. 
@podgypanda I'm at MDS  Doing Diploma of Digital Media (and graphic design last year). Just made a website for the Big Day Out 2010 ;)
You have a new mail from Eureka Campaign.   Subject: Eureka! Internship Programme Acceptance  WOOO!! I have decided to stay in Singapore 
and with a click of the mouse, &quot;Murder by Design&quot; episode 1 has been submitted for approval over at @podiobooks  
@PCBC_TheShow  Agreed! Twitter Acct=Social Media Expert these days. How about 5 min in locked room w/ me.  If screams = they're not real. 
New offer? Hip hop dance rebill continuity. Training videos, a back end forum, video upload,  and local meetups with trainers. Creativity 
The National Spelling Bee is badass. I like TIM 
Why, oh why, did I ever hate Thursdays so much?  I love you @JaredRabinowitz. Everyone: listen to The Scene Aesthetic's cover...
I happened to pass wind right as a car horn went off outside. Honest-to-god thought I had begun emitting cartoon noises. MBA in 2 weeks. 
Watching the National Spelling Bee Competition. Nerrrds unite 
I love people that get excited about how they are the creators of all they survey! Victimization goes out the window..create your life!!! 
@buckhollywood &quot;Reproduction! Reproduction! Where does the pollen go?!&quot; 
Agenda for tomorrow: Finish spanish final, cram history info into my head, fail history final, struggle with spanish oral, fail bio final 
@HolisticJoe thx 4 checking out my blog. I love Young Living EOs. I personally don't use much EOs at births; mostly use Reiki. 
Mentor Training tomorrow in the Auditorium!  3:35pm-4:45pm!  Don't forget! 
Four nights without enough sleep. Quiz night tonight is going to be a disaster 
@thechasemasters to the Wonderland Arts Society, u should be highly recognized...you all do masterful work at making musical masterpieces 
Freedom comes from seeing the ignorance of your critics &amp; discovering the emptiness of their virtue. I have been free for over 3 yrs now 
We've got a group on FaceBook! Search for Marriage Equality Florida. 
No keith Urban on the show today! Probably a good thing  pumped about the podcast coming soon!
i got promoted to Creative Director!!! 
@EarthLifeInst &amp; @argentbeauquest ~ Not sure quite what you're up to, but thank you so much for the repeat World Land Trust mentions! 
