Most common words for this cluster:
[('history', 321), ('exam', 35), ('tomorrow', 15), ('essay', 12), ('study', 12), ('coursework', 12), ('today', 11), ('paper', 11), ('homework', 11), ('world', 9), ('project', 8), ('class', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'history', 0.9467490911483765), (u'annals', 0.5675032734870911), (u'histories', 0.5588832497596741), (u'lore', 0.5414410829544067), (u'female_ticketmate', 0.5341807007789612), (u'darkest_eras', 0.5239964723587036), (u'History', 0.5166945457458496), (u'histroy', 0.5163769125938416), (u'geography_civics', 0.5162152051925659), (u'tricolored_battles', 0.5123285055160522)]





Is stuck in history 
study history of music ..... bored ..... help me please!!!!!!!!!! 
history test  
I spent the whole morning practicing piano.  I now have to try and get through 40 terms for my history notes. -_-
Last day before back to college! noo ive enjoyed being off so much! Going to write up my history essay and then maybe do some maths?! 
history homework..... no no no 
to do list: 1) freedom rides essay; nearly finished. 2) another history essay; i dont know what i'm doing it on though  x
I hate history!  Why it gives the shit?
getting my brain cells destroyed by Canadian history 
does NOT want to write this history paper 
is finnishing his history coursework while it is very nice and sunny outside 
US history study guide is a real pain in the butt 
I'm in history, so bad 
About to take a stupid pop quiz on some history crap! 
In a history class 
i think i just failed my history quiz 
learning about the history of art 
Just gave my history presentation on the middle passage. I didn't die, but i was internally shaking. 
At school heading off to history 
I have an F in history  ugh
I have sooo much homework im drowning in it. no joke. i have to do history and english corsework and practise for a music exsam 
Doing work in history  
chyllen. have soo much american history work to do 
doing history internal 
im doing my ancient history assignment 
@amyxstftk That movie is so sad!  We watched it in history
history nd english tomorrow 
stupid history homework... i hate you 
revising for my history exam  so much to do!!!
Ugh this history paper is killing me. Its not even hard I'm just lazy and tired 
PROCRASTINATION....solves nothing in history 
@selenagomez to who? um it would be pretty cool if you did come to aussys capital for up...and i should study for history..yay!! 
aiiiiiii. hate modern history irp. 
going to my last ever lecture now! ahhh! uni has gone far too quick 
@anchorzzz lol so am i. I'm in history with nothing to do! 
is nervous for the history presentation tomorrow 
has got a history assessment to do 
got a history assesment due in 3 days, havent started yet  im f*#!$
still learning history 
history 
i cant beilieve we dont have enough history text books when i dont understand untied irish men  i also dont understand treaty of v...HeLP
has to do homework for history... 
*sigh* more boring history to do 
failed english and history so far 
in the canteen, I got a d on my history 
history essay to write 
history class =\\ blahh i got my phone taken away 
Is also in history 
off studying history, unfortunately... 
I hate having nothing to do in history. There's a reason that i don't take study halls 
about to fail my history final.  i regret not studying more, but when people i love need me, im always there. &lt;3
About to take my history final online..... wish me luck 
tired! still have to finish history. 
i hate history coursework sooo much  
i HATE U.S. history 
dreading history coursework on monday 
hateeee history of rock! 
is in history 
@stephmccall ugh I'm more worried about history on wednesday  I'm freaking out about it so much!
history project 
dont want to do anything in this awful weather but i cant keep putting off my ancient history assessment 
i hate history  doing a past paper getting ready for the exam!
oooo I got to finish a history presentation for my exam  ewwwww.
Studying for history final exam. Not fun 
i have to start on my world history project 
yeahh i'm still sick and i have a history and a physics project waiting for me...&amp; im gonna have to start studying for exams 
exhausted. don't even want to start thinking about my art history midterm...but it's on monday 
@ddlovato oww that movie makes me cry, beatiful history but sad 
In history class without @alooi. I'm so screwed for the essay, wish me luck! please, it's my final 
history is so boring 
chemistry, history and art tomorrow 
@allysonalfonso lucky, i still have to do modern history 
Is inevitably going to fail her history exams 
also 2007 would have been the perfect history essay paper 
Goodmorning, today should be better. &quot;yesterday is history, and history is miles away&quot;. I wanna see bry 
got 2 do history projects   
I really should revise chemistry and history 
Studying physics and world history. I hate finals 
needs motivation to do her hair  history project killllllll me
Editing @christoboom 's history term paper of 2008 for my editing course. should've chosen something that needs less editing 
in 48 hours i will be dreading a history exam 
@gloriachoi yeah we have  i know! ahhh i'm so scared for history.. if we don't we need to pick another subject :/
@amandamurphx omg me too. I'm supposed to be studying for history but I can't fucking focus 
@xodramaxo I missed it  I blame my neverending history!
i can erase www.hunkymalecelebs.com from my browser history, but i can't erase the fact that totally, totally went there 
just read that lacroix has filed for bankruptcy--a sad day for fashion history and couture 
exam tomorrow for history subject .. 
@Jazzor i am appeasing today  history is the worst to revise for!
i am bored and have to study history. damn it 
starting some history revision.  #621621621
history exam was horrible 
sitting in history bored 
And yeah they wont let me before. I guess clearing up history and cache worked... I cant acces facebook though. 
in history.. 
anicent history 
this history will nottttttt go in my head 
World history 
Last minute history revision 
in history class 
I hate history 
http://twitpic.com/6eoo9 - history smells. im never ever going to be able to learn all this for tomorrow 
in stupid history 
studying for history exam tomorrow  should be okay though!
@mariarose_ i have history, but i'm still dead worried about it lol =[ i just dunno what questions will come up  lol
@PattaFeuFeu i have an exam tomorrow. history. i'm just worried 
Doing history coursework 
@emmacandlish epic fail for me  haha i suck at history its my worst subject xx
@gregvalentine Those that don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it 
Studying for history and english, 
@TashaLxo i actually would rather kill myself right now than sit that history exam!! 
studying for history test  bored
preparing for history essay 
im still up doing a paper for history, ugh 
my biology test is a bad history 
my biology test was a bad history 
is sure that she will fail her history exam tomorrow 
I have a history exam today  wish me luck x
in school doing a history project! yay 
very very very very tired ..... history exam 
thinks that i must offline study history  http://plurk.com/p/xuqy6
@mandajayne22 It's like a timeline, so as soon as people send you *new* tweets, they'll show up. It doesn't automatically show history. 
is debating whether to go to history revision this afternoon, not like i'll learn anything but i'll have to hide, they'll come n get me! 
schoool  history, science, fcs, mathh, &amp; englishh. all review for finals except for history and fcs.
studying history todayyyy..i dont like humanities but what can i do?! 
failed history 
im sick of physic and history, give up to learn it more, i think my brain not good enough 
revising for my history exam 
I'm trying to think whether history revision is actually going to help me at this stage 
okayyyy. revising for history sucks hard 
Oh crap just remembered I left a question out to go back to at the end but never did. I hate history revision 
right i need to revise for history tommorow, but  i dont know where to start and im just too knackered to concentratee 
finally - I'm done. Now, studying for my history-test. 
working on history 
history makes me want to cry 
is revising for her history exam tomorrow  x
@jordanhowell history 
workin history 
I am SOSOSO nervous for history! It will be so hard! 
must get ready for this history exam which i am sure to fail   wish me luck &lt;3
up early doing history  laaame
has her french and history exam today  not ready at all
history exam today  not looking forward to it at all!    
Studying the history of education................what a bore 
an hours nap isn't long enough...but this history essay won't do itself 
I would absolutely have failed gcse history if were to sit it today with my appalling eu knowledge. 
is a bit worried now about his history exam yesterday. what if the essays werent good enough? 
Just wrote 12 pages 4 history exam..got a bruise now 
history - FAIL! 
two exams today, ugh, world history and p.e. 
just got in from history exam 
my hand feels like it wants to die after a 2 hour history exam  ooww
just failed her history exam. French now 
3 hours and 50 minutes of exams left (1 history, 3 science), I'm a little worried bout history  , but science is easy ;)
revising ict  why do you hate history daisy, how was the exam? x
learning history 
so glad history exam is overrrrr got 1 moree  lool
My art and history coursework isn't going to do itself... 
Last history class ! 
is working on my history essay 
Doing history.... 
french &amp; history exam next week ... 
is doing history coursework 
@Kwickks i sadly have history left  i really wish it was last week - all motivation has gone now! what was your first act of freedom?
@giantlawnmower It doesn't seem like any of you actually *enjoy* history anymore 
stupid history study guide is missing a chapter!! help! 
@hasti_namaki me neither!!! I wanna stay outside!  last history exam forever!!!
extra credit for history is golden! scared about algrebra 2 final...i have a 91 and if i mess up im screwwwwweedxddddddd 
Insanely screwed for history on monday 
off to do english and history papers 
fckin history hw. that's what I get for waiting this long. 
watching the history channel... wishing I was with kev or liece 
@sammylau my weekend is all math and history. 
I am so sick.  And I need to study, but I can't focus on history.
 modern history homework... siiigh
@independentjc latin - two on the same day  latin makes me miserable. are you all ready for history? a level?
tired  and should really do some history revision :s eeek
my history channel is not working 
learning some infos about amercian history, because tomorow is the history test 
oh i'm so tired  and i hate history
argh. history 
history coursework time 
No more history today. I give up! 
reading lord of the flies....then history project 
history, re, geog, pe, english. like the 4 shittest lessons going?  least we're watching the notebook in english 
history exams suck  i suck at revising for history exams 
doesnt want to memorize her lines  and study for history final :'(
has a scary history exam tomorrow 
Russian history, why are you so confusing 
history cao 
U.S history essay 
history homework  gotta finish...
Finding art history internal hard 
had the worst nights sleep in the history of the world 
@clrzqstn do you know where to find the answers @ world history's homework?? 
i got a 72 on my history final  im upset.
My boobs have grew lately, I feel like I'm wasting one of the best manipulating tools in history. I don't want them to grow bigger 
has just completely depressed herself. facebook should not let u look at pps history so far back 
doesn't understand her history homework 
i'm studying greek history!! help me 
i have to go do the last part () of my history coursewrk ....so suckish! 
need to start studying economic and history for university entrance exam, but why am I too lazy too read, I used to have all the spirit 
examms  and history project
studying; history finalll 
i am so worried about my history grade, i can't sleep 
An even 100 followers..I might drop below the century mark 
history final tomorrow 
loving my bed, bed, bed. us history regent tomorrow 
goin to sleep, history exam tmmr 
My brain feels like it is going to explode...too much history 
i'm so fucking stressed. i hate history. i'm going to cry 
i'm so fucking stressed. i hate hate hate history. i'm going to cry 
am i now just another page in your history....? 
in history. blahhhh 
history assignment  waaaahhh. internet finally working again. happpy much
history 
back home now! feeling great, but the weather is still bad  also have to prepare a presentation for history :/
I have history...absolutely crapping my pants 
Sitting in a review class for history regents 
tired... learning history and english... 
I am doing better in math than history  that is so weird!!!!
has to stop doing facebook quizzes and read history 
writing a 15 page paper on American history in the 1800s... kill me! 
I wish I had a more... intellectual... partner for this history/religion class. 
@Popernickle yea it sucks I have history 
is doing her history project 
i hate essays! world history sucks 
studyng, I hate history, that's not fair 
I have to study, i hate history that's not fair  
trying to study for history. 
Still in bed, missing a history lecture. Seriously am so fucked. 
@Kaatje_68 but I saw it in the history channel 
I just got my butt kicked by the art history test 
learning for my oral exam in history 
double history 
Sitting next to @shotgun_sinners in double history 
Doing geography and then economics &amp; one more lesson in history and I'm all done. Now i need to do all of it first... ugh 
history homework !  x
is studying history!! 
Just finished math final, lunch then history final 
need to start studying for history now 
is studying history 
@WandetheBoss it's cool. I need help with global history 
@surgeAA ahh alritey well I'm off back to history  I'll check backk laterrr
Watching history repeated 
I'm in love. But she's done with me. This is history repeating itself. I'm sorry. I miss you Kairlin 
studying for history. i hate exams! 
@AdmiralStanley stanleyyyyy shafer is soooo dull! i love history but the way he teaches it makes me sleepy 
@rarararah stalk the whole team! hurhur! I study history till I wanna cry too 
does not want to revise for history exam 
Ugh..english,history,art finals today 
history and geographic, this is going toooo sloooowly  I really need vacation &lt;3
@rarararah int'l! I'm really starting to hate history 
history and spanish projects forever 
history exam tomorrow!  studying
ewww i hate history coursework 
Studying for history exam tomorrow 
@bethluvsbubbles haha lol at least u dont have to write a history essay that i havent even started and ahs to be in tomoz  lol
doing the most boring history essay  but i'm listening to damned if i do ya(damned if i don't) to keep me happy i love it &lt;3 x
@TheBluePages haha true! I had a cheesburger though! I widh to sleep but I have to study for my history final! 
still incredibly full! cleaning then studying world history again 
we only found out history and i got 47.5%. eeeekk didn't pass 
@maggiephilbin If not recommended I hope it doesn't become banned. Next step - rewriting history! 
I have to study maths and history  pfff.
@xfugox just a little bit of history repeating 
just listened to the whole lvatt album, now for the second time while doing history coursework 
@jamiedavinci i was touched din during the spoliarium history...  and the paintings about the deaths during war 
has so much history coursework to do 
@Kaitikins sad face!  such a sad day in history
@CelineTek It's really hard to work .. I don't like history and geography .. 
yeah it was good while it lasted. now i have to do my history assignment, yay 
has got an history essay to do today 
learning for the history test...i hate it... 
learning history for the testweek 
@elizabethbuchan how fab. I miss the history in the uk 
UGH.I hate history so much.I dont want to flunk it again. 
woo. one chapter in history done. too many to go 
The history channel is scaring me 
So hungry  waiting for history to start
given up on studying history and going to sleep. hopefully my jaw will unlock 
arrggghhh this history homework is so so so so confusing 
Doing my history common task  i know nothing !
I love my message history: :-D declined 
wishes history had never happened so she didn't have to do this coursework 
@playniki2007 aww were all leaving abbey alone in history  hahah
@chrissie_ LOL yup  i deleted history. ((
Going though history exam. Missed some really obvious bits 
@sudhamshu shoot... i cant find it in my history !  sowwie !
want to CHILLAX but I can't  never again I will do a presentation in history -.-
may have just pulled off the greatest save in the history of tetris. Three cheers for insomnia 
@chelseabird  thank you.  I will be doing my history essay tomorrow (hopefully.) Then I'll be attending a wine event sponsored by my aunt!
@newtgingrich you should re-write the rewrite of the history books 
Just finished my history coursework! yay! 
did i ever mention how much i hate ap world history?! 
just got done with her history paper       on to chemistry hw..... lovin him &lt;3
Getting my history mark in a few minutes 
This professor makes me want to be a history minor. I can't wait to take more of his classes he's amazing 
's blog has just been 'hit' by a century 
is digging deep to find ambition to organize notes, write a history paper and begin studying for finals.. but the bed is waaaay too comfy 
@NikkiBenz ever see that series 'life after people' on history channel? very cool 
@SaraPhotographs haha...i had to write a long paper for history today. but i got it done early 
@fitbrotha dahntay actually had the funniest dunk in duke history  http://tinyurl.com/d83zw
@mathewhulbert  Now there's a question for 140 characters   One of history's great unanswered what if's, I would say
@musiclove18 haha thanks  its for history and its on how the invention of television has influence america lol
@joshboulton  I should be doing history.....
listening to taylor swift vs. coldplay  HAHA   should be studying history but am not because i am not. &gt;:3
@MajicoEnt MAn u are such a history tracker 
Finished history, going to bed 
@abetson typo of the century 
is in history with mell &amp; dean  x
history final at 8!! last final of the semester! come on, 80!! 
is very much not looking forward to staying up all hours tonight doing a history paper on things that i just don't care about 
@JanaAlyssa off and ever since I've been obsessed with kings &amp; queens! We would be awesome travel partners history excites me so much 
@jmcclure Haven't-- sure it was covered in mus history classes, but I was kind of blown away by the shawms so I was probably distracted. 
in history class with chelsea 
we are making movie history here @ work 
wow so I hit the century mark!  
@nicksantino i love this century! and that song 
everyday create your history. 
Finishing history homework, then off to bed!! 
is done with math, pkn, history. time to relax  http://plurk.com/p/wxjsm
@pcam I think you &amp; I must've showed up about same time, so I'm merely making assumption based on loooong, consistent history!  #hhrs
i am doin my history homework about changes in transport don't want to do it but oh well  :-D
