Most common words for this cluster:
[('hmm', 468), ('hmmm', 355), ('hmmmm', 66), ('today', 44), ('hm', 40), ('day', 35), ('i', 31), ('time', 28), ('quot', 26), ('home', 25), ('na', 22), ('amp', 22)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Hmm', 0.9686404466629028), (u'Hmmm', 0.9599817991256714), (u'Hmmmm', 0.8810806274414062), (u'hmmm', 0.8501591682434082), (u'hmm', 0.8327131867408752), (u'Okay', 0.8023666739463806), (u'Hm', 0.799406111240387), (u'Ummm', 0.795813262462616), (u'Uh', 0.785115659236908), (u'Hmmmmm', 0.7706596851348877)]





Hmm.. The work is not easy. Wasted two hours for a silly mistake. Now one system is too slow 
Hmm I'm trying to upload my picture but it isn't working 
Hmmm, I'm on holidays, but working. How does that work? 
$Q stopped out a $3.86 for a 14 cent loss - Hmmm - both my long and my short stopped out today! 
srsly.. what is there to do? I can't go out because it's my &quot;rest&quot; day. Hmm.. looks like college work! 
Off to work. ....hmmm 
Hmm... this tea is not the best I've tasted, it's not bad but it's not great either... oh sheeesh, I've turned into a tea snob 
@TraceyJ305 I'll call you tomorrow afternoon!! You don't have a nudge link!! Or I can't find it... Hmmm 
Hmm im usually dead right about night...ugh skool monday...looong spring/easter break ugh no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda.  
Hmm im usually dead rite now...ugh skool monday..no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda     i wish u went to skool for a millisecond!!
Hmm... Said he would call. But he never did. Not trusting him again.  that was his last chance...
Hmmm didnt want to wake up this morning  Lots to do today though, i'm sure it'll be worth it.....
Hmm, I thought daddy was giving me milk. But I think I'm seeing double. And how can I get rid of these hickups  http://twitpic.com/3l7pb
Hmm homework and shit man 
in work. In toilet while twittering! Hmm not good but not supposed to have phone on me  lol
Hmmm, not to self, don't repost anything from failblog, it seemed to offend A LOT of people! It wasn't even rude 
Hmm, coffee at Nolita's used to be so good... What happened? 
@ananyah Hmm 
Hmm back to school tomorrow, this is not good.  I could cry
Hmm, dane is super angry at me                                 im sucha doofus.
Hmmm.. who wants to fill out these application forms for me, and then attend YMCA tomorrow aswell?? dont really fancy 7am start 
Hmmm I need to review my previous 3500 words, and aim to write another 4000 by the end of the day. 
Hmmm, our car clearly thinks i should stay at home today as he is refusing to start. Public transport time 
Hmm, I'm off to revise some and then reward myself with a Scrubs marathon. Seems such a waste of a nice day  Might play some b-ball later
Hmm..someone stopped following me and i dont know who, who rooood! Anywho, get 500 words done, jog, sains, and stay positive, but so ill! 
Hmm , .. the singing practise was canceled today  . But i got home earlier !  . Also , gonna get a bad bad grade on the math test..:/
@drunkenmonkey87 Hmm, that's not good 
Hmm now why would @eBooze start following me, is that a sign that I drink too much 
@la_loquita Hmmm, little one is fine, big ssister is having one of those hormonal days 
@stevedangerous hmmmm www.totallyteeshirts.com but it seems to have died 
Hmm so like 6 people just followed me back to back!!! No cute boys though  Ladies where r ure cute gay friends lol
@shanegold hmm, didn't think of that 
I'm going now &lt;3  hmmmm
Hmmm, no more volleyball practice for me this season.....  
@ManuelViloria Hmmm... that's probably it. I never stopped being in school - brain's almost gone 
Hmm, maybe not as good as I thought. Only 16 mph on average.  - http://bkite.com/06HcA
Hmm... and Highrise (http://www.highrisehq.com) is much better than the inaccessible, unusable CRM we're currently using 
your a weirdooo. Hmm well that sucks he logged off 
@RopeMarks Hmm :-\ I think I would have made time to be there, had I known. Now I can't. 
Hmmm fell asleep again apperently but still  work in 4h bah!
@Kelliekk Hmmm...let me check it out.   I'm sorry
Hmmm, sun is shining, sky is blue, nothing else to spoil the view except me pc screen and working indoors 
Hmmmm, bored  wat shud I do? Any suggestions??
@ohsevenphive LMK. I need to lose 10kg in 4 week....  Hmmm
Hmm It's cloudy and the trees are blocking my sun 
Hmm jack the ripper is scary i just read one of his quotes its on this film 
Hmmm...note sure I like the VoteHandmade thing.  Or maybe it's just because my two entries have been down-voted.   Not good for the ego.
@SanaArshad WTF!? Hmmm, yo u should have gotten it by now! 
Hmm don't know what to do today -- Model just canceled   = I hate it when that happens..will have to do gardening!
Hmmm... still up... haven't been able to sleep at all 
Hmmm...tired of being made to feel like a bitch...some things never change...maybe the truth is that I really am one 
hmm, I'm bored :/ and I want to go out 
@purelaura http://twitpic.com/44d3b - Hmm wine. I have some for later, yours is almost empty 
hmm, don't think it worked... 
Hmm... there's only one Ask Bossy article to read today. It was also &quot;too long; didn't read&quot; most of it. She talked herself into it. 
@NyceDaytona  or r u jus not sayin? Hmm.. lololol
Hmmm well im eating gold fish and they all dont have a smile  oh well they taste yummy
Yay er time. This time its bryce. Hmm. Something tells me im next 
Hmm, I wish my hubby didn't have to go be a cop when there is a protest in Brighton    I worry about him.
hmm, guess not then 
Hmmm butterhams with peanutcheese... I miss my students 
@ amanduhwood ... hmmm i don't know how i feel about that ... 
hmm....it is awfully lonely here now 
Hmmm found a ride to work. No idea how I'll get home. I hope nothing too bad is wrong with my car... I've been nervous all night 
@MissDomo Hmm.usually if alot of ppl are on here doing stuff, you'll get that &quot;whoops&quot; thing off and on&amp;i noticed ur pic was gone earlier 
Hmmm.. it's jat lag alright.. could not sleep tonight.. wondering how to keep awake at office.. that too scheduled to meet so many people 
Watching Smallville and I'm starting to lose interest in the show   Hmm... I wonder how there going to wrap up this season.
Hmmmm, looks like its gonna be an early night for mee. I'm super tired.  lol
Hmm..goodniiiight. Allergies are acting up again making me feel like crapp  .
@FenDi09 soo what is this research u doin in the streets at one in the morn?? Hmmm...u kno u in the house juss like me 
 I need study a lot, tommorow 2 tests: in music and physics, oh, and also art homework! Hmm... I think, that I will make optical illusion!
Hmm, I think my tweet failed? 
@LittleFletcher Hmm..no but I take it I want n am going to...*runs to nearest dvd store* it is a film yeah? Or is it a play? I no little 
Hmm tommorow the tests start  looks like it will be an early nightt tonight
Hmm its taking ages to eat 
@garydriftwood alright  hmmmm how could I convince you.....?
Hmm, seems the changes @twitter made to appease the #fixreplies crew have royally pooched the system 
Hmm Canadian diamonds are they cheaper than regular diamonds? I've never heard of them but I don't have money for any diamonds at all. 
Still not showing up in the public timeline. That's weird.    Hmmm, I wonder ... are we supposed to see our own updates in the timeline?
Hmmm....throat probems.  
Hmmm I'm so boored 
@SouthPaw1805 Hmm, I use that powdered stuff with water. Milk is too much hassle and far too many calories 
Battery at 4%  how much do you think i can charge it over lunch... Hmm... Yay i have another cup of tea!
@clintredwine Hmmm I think the NRE's might be related to my children. 
hmm talk to me  i feel so left out
@JasonTrenton Hmmmm that phone seems useful but I have AT&amp;T and don't want to switch  I hate phone companies.
Hmmm watching this movie is making me miss my best friend!  Trying to keep it together!! 
Hmm.. I've decided not to join Singapore Idol.. 
Hmm... wondering where the cool &quot;MySpace Chat&quot; function is...! I think they switched it off  hope it comes back!!! ...where are uuu? 
5 days down 2 to go. Not feeling to good today  dont know why. 2 options, back to bed for he day, or get on with work. Hmmm???
5 days down 2 to go. Not feeling too good today  dont know why. 2 options, back to bed for he day, or get on with work. Hmmm???
Hmmm, the sun has come out and buggered up my plans to lounge around all day   Oh sod it, I've started so I'll finish....
Hmm.. The new Jonas Brothers song just isn't doing it for me. 
Hmmm... Tired and sleepy. Yet, nothing much happened.  Why???
@JudgeJeanine Why exactly did they taser them??? They didn't anything to desver that. Hmmm that's mean 
Hmm, an unfortunate tooth incident - a broken molar - very painful 
Hmm i wonder what kind of lunch will be served today, im kind of hungry, and i ain't got any money, so i have to eat in school today 
Hm, I won't be able to tweet from school, cells r not allowed, and the internet has been restricted to google and the school's website 
So tired  thinking about putting together a group... hmm......
@donniewahlberg  seasick????  rreeeaaalllyyy???  hmmm.....we shoulda had bkfst b4 leaving   but I'll c u soon!!
Hmmm - looking like I have a small person home sick from school again today 
@kovshenin Hmm I guess that means it is still too long  trying to find the best formula for it still.
@mmmonkman Hmm, am not eligible to enter 
@rhinovirus Hmm, my company picked up flights to Nantucket for the summer season. I would offer our companionship if we had vaca time 
Hmm, I think I should move the post ratings from the side bar into the post content. Barely anyone rates posts 
Hmm... I think there's something wrong with my twidroid client on my phone 
@phpslacker hmm... won't be catching that on the big screen now 
Hmmm feel just a bit left out now 
@VineceaBrown hmm... i dont know that one 
Hmm...can someone enlighten me with the meaning of 'follow friday'... I don't know what it is 
Hmm looks like the iphone is out of action for a while  Call me on work phone if you need me 07818 034392
@sjeffreys7 it's always guaranteed big night, gonna be such a light-weight my first night back drinking. Hmmm I see a monster hangover 
Hmm probably shouldn't have had a hot drink I'm sweating like crazy 
Sometimes studying is fun and easy for me. Just not right now.. rly not. Hmm 
@xxsachixx Hmmmm... I might not buy it... 
Watched night at the museum 2 with the girls today. Hmm no more angels and demons for me? 
Hmm it's started already!  But I'm spending money so I am calm 
hmmm tweetdeck says update failed on lappie 
Hm my uncle is evil &gt;.&lt; he owns and icecream shop and arcade. I want icecream and it's only 11 am 
@ahmier hmmm..could be. 
hmm, i guess the applecare tech will not be calling as promised. 
@SuunTzu was just told they can't do it tonight.   hmmm..I am not sure when it is now...
@mel_delvalle Hmm, maybe tues, or thurs! I work from 2:30-8:30 though. So it'd have to be before or after. Weird schedule, I know 
Hmmmm cheeseburgers are yummy but I'm forcing myself not to eat it  I have to stay skinny forever. Lol
@KarlaaM_ hmm it was ok, raining   how about you?
Hmm can I reply to 3 pages of comments in 30 minutes? :p hell no so no YT todayy eaither 
Someone want to try and make me feel better? Hmm, this is really getting to me! This is want I get for finally being careless! 
is a temperature of 37.5 bad? Hmmm 
@goniknik ahh hmmm...just like u didn't have faith in me earlier thx 
Hmm theres this seriously drunk bitch fl4rting with evfryone and i mean everyone.. usd 2 kno her frm HS i wish i was tiny like her.. 
@chutchuwa Aww. I want to try it. Hmm. 
@xivyy it seems to work for me on safari, too  hmm would you mind sending me a scrnshot of what you get when you try to go on?
@kymherbert Hmm it no be compatible with b3.54  be loooking at home
Hmmm. http://www.djhero.com/ is down 
Hmmm. Using TinyTwitter on a small non-touch screen is really not much fun 
@yellowbag Hmmm, should have looked at it a little more methinks 
Hmmm thinking about taking back that I feel better this morning - I think I spoke to early 
i juz registered my cp in twitter, but my tweets wont go thru? Argh..Hmm wanna follow my idols lyk @DavidArchie away from the PC.. 
Hmm... the new sports catalog and card jitsu updates are not appearing for me 
Hmmm, I just realized....I didn't have any bday cake for my birthday...boo hoo! 
@JessicaMaley Hmm announcing your summer shifts on facebook...you're cool! hahaha. Mate I think I've got sunstroke  xxx
Hmmmm where is everyone my house is empty.  am all alone.
Hmm, had first pizza in ages and feel a bit sick now  That'll teach me!
@LezmirandaPOW *humming* hmmm hmmm hmmmm hmmmmmm Touched for the verry first time..... Hmmmm hmmmm hmmm hmm hmm mmm mmmmm ...... 
Hmmm go to sleep because i have to be up at 6 on a saturday  for work, or watch 2 more episodes of one tree hill? one tree hill i think!
Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??
(@SharonSmiles) Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??
and its over now  watch on now? hmmm
Hmm maybe I this time I really did over react and do the worst 
Hmmm... he's so lovely. I wish he was here now. I'm tired but can't sleep 
Hmm, no holga for me probably 
might go to bed? No nightmares about bad grades tonight please!  Hmm!
hmm, do not feel like writing monthly reports tonight!  probably should get started though...
Hmmm...I wanna a hug...I miss you boyy 
@sandwiched Hmmm... I can't think of a good situation for that scenario... witness protection, rent evaders, home foreclosure, robbery   
Hmmm this will be an interesting summer &quot;project&quot; 
Hmmmm that coffee was probably not the best idea I've had 
@koenigjg hmm............ i miss you? 
Hmmm guys..... I'm freaking out!!! This is so NOT me!!!! 
Hmm... the longer I stay up pretending to work, the less packing I have to do tomorrow. Only problem is a wife who follows me on twitter. 
Hmm Twibble wont upload my pictures. 
Hmmm can I rescue the data from an phone crushed under a bus......no as wasnt enough pieces of it left 
@cidermaker  I hadn't thought of that - hmmm. 
@subzero77 Hmm not sure yet, my mate cancelled our plans  boo! you?
Hmmm. Alcohol isn't going down as well as I'd hoped 
Hmm suns out again, but no time for sun really.... 
hmm love is hard too find... 
Hmm, I wanna go into town, but i don't wanna have to walk all the way back down for 1 thing 
Why am I so sleepy? Hmm..guess am aging.. 
@lukegrimesnet I read 'March' as 'May' omg,  I wonder where they might have it. Hmm.
Okay so rmb how I said my bed's so comfy, sleeping is so great? Hmmm. Maybe that's a bad thing cause it's SO hard to get up in the morn! 
@fynralyl Hm  thats not very nice,  no, but they might just want to keep the gear in guild.
Hmmmm.....What to do.....Boredom has struck! 
hmm finally got to eat. I was so light headed 
Hmmm... I miss you. 
can't seem to get this tweeter thing down. Hmmm, can't get my background up and running, nor my picture 
@zuhaibz Hmm, there's no way we can fix it  Thanks for mentioning the problem any way.
@plumlipstick Hmm, my point wasn't to argue here... 
Hmmm such a nice page and seems to be a great Hotel. http://www.graftononsunset.com but with a poor PLESK favicon ... come on 
Hmmmm recently ive noticed that i am really mean to some people &amp; for no reason.  i will fix this!
Hmm, I see a bill from a store beat me home. That's not nice. 
@lozakasuperman Hmmm I dont think 4 people is enough.... 
@sarahlynng Hmm maybe! I can't drive yet  but hopefully by the end of the week I'll be able to come down!
@Ry_Hmmm07 please don't 
@blood_noir I know  He hates doing them. At least he doesn't get given 2 in a row like he used to do! Hmmm, i fancy chinese!
@blood_noir I fancy a beef szechuan with bolied rice! Yummy! Hmm..too late to order now tho 
is backk off to school tomorrow  Hmm neeed to sleeepp in! xo
Hmmm....wait...when does #mitm4e &quot;end&quot;?? I hope I can make it out for a little bit 
Hmmm for some reason i cant upload a picture of me 
Hmmm.... something is actually wrong.. why don't things always work the way I want them to?..  
Hmmmm, no mention from the wife about going out tonight and now she is watching a movie. Chances of staying home: high 
@paulgil hmm not good then 
hmmm.....am i crazy or stupid for moving? 
The second version isn't really worth sharing.  Hmmm.
hmm dont want to sleep, but i have too 
Hmmm... it seems that the fatal error is not really fixed... 
I'm finally home with my turkey ! Hmmm now what 2 do with it there's NO room in my freezer 4 it  http://myloc.me/29iP
hmm. i feel better, than i dont. i feel better than i dont... 
@rawitat definitely not price...   LOL. Hmm. One decider of mine is that I paid more for the Leica so I have no excuse for bad photos.
@ShaneandShawn hmmm maybe I'll try it too since I had coffee at 10 
@gleeofficial Aww, so, it's definitely not Rachel?  Shucks, I really wanted it to be her! Hmm...trying to think of who else it could be.
@ohhijustin Hmmm, I do like cheese! That's all I know about Wisconsin 
Hmmm work 
Hmmm ... missing my fav shows on TV .... 
No luck finding accommodation for next weekend... Hmmm the back of the ute might just have to do... 
Hmm... It's getting late. I should actually try to finish my work now. 
@RoyKlein Hmm, that's pricier than I remember seeing. Only they fly direct though, as far as I know  
hmm what to do   im randomly, really bored...
Hmm another library day... Ohhh the agony of studies 
Hmmm, all quiet on the 38th parallel today, they must all be in church. Either that or the electricity has failed again 
Hmmm, all quiet on the 38th parallel today, they must all be in church. Either that or the electricity has failed again   
Hmmm, seems to be all quiet on the 38th parallel today, they must all be in church. Either that or the electricity has failed again 
Hmmm, seems this wknd has had a theme of death. Whales and family 
@Applecored hmmm, have I chosen wisely....don't like this collar much 
Wish I had icecream right now  Still craving something rose flavoured. Hmmm.
Hmm a bit sad today  I actually do give up on trying to re-build my so called relationship.  
Hmmm...it seems that I trying to change my profile pic was NOT a good idea.  I am now just a blank box. 
@AceyBongos  Hmm thats really puzzled me umm Bus!!! umm....  i dont know 
@Coriantura Dismissal? Hmm.. that sounds like I backhanded you, which wasn't my intention. 
Hmm, so there is a difference between &quot;erase&quot; and &quot;erase all&quot;....she says after losing her entire photo gallery on phone... 
Hmmm im starting to get really sad that hannah is leaving me for a month 
Why isn't my picture showing! Hmmm - maybe it's cos I've got a face for radio and not for twitter! 
Hmmm boobs are a little too big.  I'm popping out all over.  http://yfrog.com/15keazj
@LittleLee hmm i was really lookin forward to that programme too 
Ano twitter is not made 4 moanin but ma feet r stingin!  stupid god damn blisters a nees nu feet! Hmm...
@BellaKavner98 Hmm, well I don't know then 
@pramsey Hmmmm ... you could be right about that - was something my Ex said to me on a regular basis .... 
hmm.. alright.. why can't i log into WoW 
@AngusGibson hmm i usually cook healthy 
Hmm...i need chocolate 
@zymandthebean hmm. you think you sambadi now. 
@mrmartyna hmmm, well that's not very nice. 
Hmm work is going well, not so sure my Amazon stuff will arrive today now - tracking feature on courier website suggest tomorrow 
Bing.com is redirecting to m.live.com  hmm
Hmmm potty training my son is not going well 
@kirajones Hmmm, maybe our's is faulty - it won't charge from the sun, only from charging it up indoors through mains 
Oh yeah! Only 45mins to go &amp; i'm outta this boring office! Hmm, whats for dinner ltr? Yikes, i'm on diet 
Hmm... stuck inside on a real sunny day 
Hmmm bored tonight....There's not alot on TV!!! 
@butadream Hmm, they must have changed some settings. I HATE it when websites restrict content by country! 
@IamZafrina hmm it won't let me on again it says it is under construction 
@havenward hmmm...damn I'm vanilla.I don't like it too dark 
Hmmm...several people on the forums have received their DYSMC singles, but I have yet to even get shipping confirmation. 
@jj_jiles Hmm... I don't remember 
Hmm ... my home computer isn't talking to the internet anymore 
Hmm. It seems that every silver lining has a cloud 
Hmm, rubbish day over all, bearly up on a day like this - lots of bits just off a tad but skimmed off my profits 
I must really be on the wrong track! Hmmm... I lost 2 more followers..  I guess silence is golden on twitter for keeping your followers?!
Hmmm. #Bing does not find my blog, nor does it find my most red posts 
Hmmm not feeling very well 
Hmm....this chicken polenta lasagna gave me a tummy ache 
I'm hungry and thirsty in class with no $ for the vending machines.  Hmm...
I just need 3 more people for my top10 D: Hmmm this is hardd 
@krissi55 Hmmm, u don't sound brilliant tho....  
So far i have no follower..hmm  
Hmmm profile avatar pic screwed up again  here's me as made by @niftyknits after joining #BNI http://twitpic.com/6es0t
@KimJKgal awwww booo  hmmm.. i'll look into it
Hmmm....I tried to post a new 'profile' photo and now I have none. 
Hmm... Everything is so slow... What's wrong with my mobile internet not working for me...  this sucks
@thesims3 comes out tomorrow, and I don't have the system requirements for it!!  So very sad. Hmm.. What to do..
Feeling neglected by @iBeChief and@GREENory ... Hmmm I need better people in my life!! 
@mdhughes Hmm... that's true, though I don't seem to have that same problem so it didn't click...   all I can say is sorry 
Hmmmm... and not especially impressed 
Just got back! Chem1 was (y), but chem2 was just oohkay. Hmm i feel sad 
@shaunau Hmmm, spin class is good. Wish my old gym didn't closed down 
Hmmm...waiting 
hmmm why are there so many wierdo's out there 
Hmm.......i sounded like a complete dork at the telephone.......damn it. I hope they just don't mind it. Short talk....less informations. 
hmm well nathing 
Tummy huuuurts  owowow. I kinda wanna move my room around... Hmmm!
hmm.....   talking to myself 
@skotte Hmm, you could always pack it up and go to ireland... that's what we did. But now we have to come back. 
Hmmm so far no comments to my blogs 
Hmm, I'm coughing again. 
Hmmm it must be nice to sleep in 
@cloverdash Hmmm ok, that rings a bell. I'm going to be wondering all afternoon now! And no, still cold and blah 
Up early again   I hate taking my truck in. But there is a chick-fil-a across the street. Hmmm.....
@MissLiz27 hmm. that may be too soon, unfortunately 
Hmmm, according to the weather man were not guns have sun for a few days 
@hollyvale You got exam disease as well  It's okay me and @zoziekins have a plan. If someone dies in the exam everyone gets 100%. Hmmmm
@osbald Hmm, not sure I'd be looking forward to a mention of TwitterFX by The Register, they rarely have anything nice to say... 
Goodmorning *yawn. Hmm physics... 
Hm, today I'll be visiting the poor to donate food to them.. really sad to see all those little children there. 
Shh dont tell anyone. But my nose has been bleeding since saturday night. I think its cuz i cried too hard. Hmm i wonder what that means 
At the hell hole once again 12hrs. Hmmm will it go by quick???......... NO!!!!!!! 
@h2theizzle Hmm... it is still in the process of going live, so sometimes it works.. sometimes it doesn't... 
Hmm seems like twitter has decided to not let me see @dougsymington s updates. Booo 
Hmmm... bf's kinda angry face  eh well it's the games fault not mine XD
Hmm, the carrier is too hard   #flightcontrol
I just got back!  hmm physics1 was (y), physics2 was.. Not so easy. And bio practical was just okay. Hmm..i dont wanna get low marks 
Hmm....the clouds have arrived. The partys over in Southport.  #weather
Hmmm... I haven't done anything useful all morning  I'll have to work twice as hard this afternoon!
Hmmm... Blip.fm only plays a 30secs preview. So does Last.fm I just noticed... that's no good... 
Hmmm can't really talk to peeps doing the jc/lc for the next 2 weeks 
@textualoffender Hmm.. considering more brands/more products too!  donno! ideas?
@JustRosalie Hmm aww  I dunno, I can check it now
@jo_whit Hmm I have more that one pile now tho! 
...hmmm... i'm tired but  i can't sleep .. 
Ahh @mileycyrus news is about her tour. Hmm thats not even that exciting, seeing as its not a world tour 
@CaityPineapple Hmmm well that's alright then.. haha i'm so bored Kitty 
@frankmpc Hmm...  I don't see IDOL or worms...   
@pokerfacexxx Hmm, that's hell shit 
Hmmmm still not feeling any better 
hmmm, twitpic isn't working for me  oh well, i'll try later
hmmm... I want 2 go 2 cali now  but im skared lol
I'm starving. So hungry. Hm.. I wonder what's for dinner today. Probably nothing good with my luck. 
@JuJuBeeMT Hmmm I didn't notice that before. Honestly, I only liked the guy that made it, but it's sad that they are separated now. 
@chasepino hmm, that really sucks 
@TheEllenShow Hmmm truth hurts but its always the best option 
I should be making up for all the reading I haven't done this week but instead I'm watching my like 4th movie of the day. Hmm Yay school 
Hmmm...mourning my iPhone 
Hmmm... R massages supposed 2 hurt? Cuz i wuz in so much pain when i got mine 2day.  Not a good 1st experience! 
@racheellloviin i missss you too bestfriend ! (: hmmm. he's got me. but just taking it slow (: i missss grr toooo! 
@etherjammer Hmmm  *patpat*
Now figuring out what to do. What's right?? Hmmm... I hate this self doubt stuff. 
Hmm i wish i knew how to play a synth 
Hmmm me too kristie sadly the 15th he leaves to boot camp. 
Hmm funny dream... And its STILL raining!? 
Just saw the new Terminator. Hmmm, I am sorry but I found it really boring. 
Hmmm, Natures almost brutally adervtised SciBx is obviously not accessible through my library 
Hmmm.....sitting at the bar w/ a glass of water  I'm the D.D tonight, my girlfriend is drinking for both of us
Hmmm... heavy rain this morning may just put paid to us trying out the tent later on 
Hmm it's rainy its sunny its rainy its sunny? Bathgate galaday? I may get wet 
hmm I'm out of fruchocs  
I guess, technically, it IS tmrw. Hmmm. 
@Uch1028 Hmmmm the world changed too fast, and I am still standing here, babe... Mates are busy! 
Hmmm.... my text showed up as symbols on here?  Strange... Anyway, my interview went well.  I thought I was gonna get the job.  I didn't. 
Morning twitter! (1pm haha) Hmm overcast day... 
Hmm.. someone just sent me this phisher email to my student account.. asking for name/password..social engineering never ends it seems.. 
Hmm - not looking good for kimi tomorrow 
Hmmmm...so much for a few minutes peace. Already there are &quot;bugs&quot; in the water, causing the children to leap out screaming 
Hmm it's raining in germany 
Hmmm....party was okay....meh.....raining now  please stop  i wanna go out  xxxxxx
Hmm....my text updates don't seem to have worked today 
Hmmmm why do i have to lyk him so much when i know im just gunna get hurt in the long run 
@beyinbe hmm but I have to go to sleep 
hmmm, i am bored! 
Hmm...I'm bored already this weekend... 
hmm....i guess i have a cold 
Hmm... What to do? Or what to watch? 
getting my study on for my final at 3. I need to eat breakfast  Hmm what to eat
hmmmm still cant do it 
Hmmm craving for some pb&amp;j sandwich 
hmmmm still raining 
@CurtJester hmm, already following tweetcatholic but i'm not on their list! 
.. What do I wanna wear today!? Hmmmm .. I don't know  ugh this is like the hardest part of the day!!
Hmm, twitpic never posted a couple of pictures that I uploaded last night 
@HoptonHouseBnB Hmm, I noticed the tweets earlier. 
Getting ready to take food to my lover. Hmm I have to skip kick boxing...  ah @josejj. The things I do for you
hmmmm, i guess i hav to leave  
Hmmmm - looks like I need new microphones 'cos the background noise here isn't good 
@Unusual_Peanut Hmmm...Tempting, but no. I've told you things via PM before and you always hold it against me. 
@volmasoft Hmm yeah seems like it  I think I'll need a job this summer then... I get an abysmal amount to live on after rent!
Both of my cheeks are swollen  idk what he even did to my teeth? But they're clean as fuck! He's bouta show us his ballin as house. Hmm..
Hmm what to do tonight? Whyyy oh why does my boyfriend have to live in by? 
Hmmm my laptop battery is on 33%... that means I may have to get up soon to charge it... 
@limecello Hmm, good idea. I've got orange juice, but I don't think I've got any vodka 
Gosh dangit I don't!!   Wondering if I ought to add the sports tier to my cable... I would love to have the tennis channel too. Hmmm.
Hmmm...my son took the cap on and off my USB memory key earlier. And bent it a bit. I snapped back together, but now it doesn't work 
@chicagocali15 don't remind me of what I'm comin home to  everybody was teasin me 2ay bout this move.   Hmm girl u late flirtzone is on..
@unogates Lmfao... Hmmmm, thinkin bout it. What should I try??? I'm goin thru sum things, need 1 badly 
Hmm washed my car an hour ago. Bet it rains for sure tomorrow 
What to wear tomorrow =| .. ?? Hmm.. I have to coughs  boo.. Whack x] #fb
@sonecessary thanks jason! Hmmm I still to function though for iz so I can't be drugged out  if not then yeah I would. Enjoy ur night
I lost a follower  and I'll never know who it was BECAUSE I can't check on my phone. Hmm I don't agree not being texted back either! :/
@thechurchmouse Hmmm... I just confirmed you are following me... so why am I missing off your list?... 
Hmm, frustrating match up between identi.ca and twitter, if usernames are different, it doesn't translate them.  
@coy0te haha you're sounding more and more like something of man-izer! Hmm that doesn't work as well as womanizer 
hmmm, my TwiHaikus are not getting to twitter 
hmmm... I dont know what to do 
@LizUK Ooooh, nasty.  Hmmmm, will have to find something for you.... (evil grin)
go snowboarding or go see a movie ?  Hmmm can't decide 
@DivineDavy hmm, but then im probably sleeping 
Hmm... well I've now drawn him, but it doesnt look like him 
Hmmm I didn't get any rest yet 
@mumbleguy I also have a peach tree! 3 are almost ready but no new ones growing .. Hmm . But u can't have a peach tree there 
@DoreenatDMS - Hmmm... weird that I would call it Favorite 40 and then list 50 albums... not great at math 
Hmmmmm, not the reply that I wanted. 
Hmm. Wonder if I should go ride the sand dunes. Haven't had a chance to in a while  I thnk I might!
Hmmm berry all fancy new after the two hour update, but I can't get the multitap keyboard to suretype 
Hmm... i think I got stood up... she hasn't called 
@Ceridwyn2 Hmm, isn't showing up for me now either. I didn't save it the first time, sorry 
Our dryer seems to have bit the big one... fix it or replace it? Hmmm. And right in the middle of packing up B's 0-3 month stuff. 
@AddisonImprov Hmmm....VERY tempting...but I have a bunch of stuff to get done tonight.   Have fun!!
@Antharris88 Hmmmm my daily twittascope hasn't worked 
@eyehartfrogs_96 Hmmm... Sorry imma protective bitchi know i didnt even discover them 
@johnneebee hmmm...guess I don't get to sample 
Hmmm.. tis not fun changing a punctured wheel on a jeep at 1:30am in shorts and a t-shirt on the side of the tallaght bypass 
Hmm, I kinda don't care about this Basketball season anymore.  Without the Nuggets, I have no team to root for 
@TamarahLand Hmm, probably closer to get to LV for me, but I just got back from a 2 week vacation and need to get to work tomorrow. 
Hmm  The last weeks of school are the worst!!!
Hm thought the bath would make me more sleepy but its just made me more awake  lol
had to leave, was laggy  hmm what to do now?
@iandexter Hmmm, this one's more underhanded than Marcos - if these 'manipulations' are indeed true 
@iandexter Hmmm, this one's more underhanded than Marcos - if these 'manipulations' are indeed true  #conass
@refeup Really like new look at www.creativedeconstruction.com Easy nav, everything to hand, clean. Hmm... high time to sort out own site 
Hmm.. Odd. So I actually feel a deal worse reading those fml's... Guess other's misery doesn't make me feel as good as it used 2...  ha
Hm. What happened to me sleeping 
@Satise01 Hmm ye few ppl seem to be having that problem 
I think I dont know how to use this. hmm 
@StevenMcD Hmmmmm maybe i have the wrong meaning then 
Hmm... This def sucks!!  grrr
@cobie1982 hmm maybe i'll do that too, tho sadly i now look less popular 
Which one's better: Spend the evening at home mooning over a guy or go watch a movie by myself? Hmm..movie? 
so where's the magical timemachine? hmm? i miss you guys 
Hmmm apparently my laptop no longer has floating point math support, interesting... 
Hmm not good... even curry for lunch couldn't cheer me up 
@kaysis_bcn Hmm. didn't send anything 2 messenger. must not be accepting sms from my phone anymore 
Hmm - seems like latest win update may have set ntlmv2 as being required which has killed most of our samba auth  Appropriate gpo needed
@grumblemouse hmm don't think I have a pic.... 
Hmmm can't see tweets on my phone    have fun tonite all you O2 girlies!!!
Hm,imissyou 
WTF I've waited allcday and shehasbt texted. Hmmm? 
@BunnyNut  Hmm..Sorcha, I have no idea what any of that means. 
Hmm, doesn't know what to make of it. Over analysing is one of my many flaws 
@BrienBear no  she sings something between impossible &amp; so strange. I just can't make it out &amp; it's not impossible again. Hmm. Curious!!
i've been waiting for ages  wonder whether to just do it or not?! Hmmmm.
Hmm... flaw in twitter plan: Being unable to check it all day to the wilderness meant a hell of lot of effort to catch with tweets! 
hmm. now seriously starting to freak out when I think of testweek 
I hate waking up late  I have nothing planedout for today.. Hmmm
@shonsa Hmm, hold on... Hospital staff have told you to bottle feed? 
Hmm.. AIM isn't connecting 
Hm, I don't know how to start an instant messanger on fring 
Hm, it did not. 
Hmm.. just updated to the new Tweetdeck and now it's not working. Wonder what's gone wrong 
@jenwithpinktoes http://twitpic.com/7hs1x - Hmmmmm I might save the voucher as you already got Jared tonight! 
Hmm in managerial accounting class 
Hmm all my hours just got cut and my sunglasses broke  hope this means something good is about to happen for me
@amalinaaa hmm no control over? well i guess they can't help it then... 
Just at home and watchind dvd. Hmmm..  bored
@sprfngr8 Now I wonder what triggered THIS? Hmmm... 
On the way to the jungle!! Liburan dadakan! Hmmm,feel a bit guilty nih..  But I need vacation!
hmm.. wonder y i can't send msgs and can't call.. 
Hmm I'm thirsty for beer. But I'm too tired 
back at mi yard.Hmm, on here is feeling a bit warmer... not good 
@nithinkd Hmmm... guess no one. We're in between the magazine closing 
I want to get a haircut today. Bangs again? Hmm.. I've been hating my hair for the past few days 
Is almost famous!!! And wonders if I can blackberry message people that live in the states?? Hmmm to bad I don't know anyone 
@robinmatthewfry hmm, that somehow sounds less than erotic 
@McChickie Hmmm you're right about that.There are a lot of people who tweeted that.This might get worse before it gets better 
@xChez Hmm...dunno what it is mama. 
Hmm, Twitteriffic still not working 
@darkskychick Are you serious?  Hmm, that would a twist though since he's always wanted vamp blood, well now he got 'em! lol.
i'm totally confused how do i work out who's following me? Or is no one following me? Apart from alan? Hmm this is confusing  x
wonder where is E right now. Hm, come home soon please! 
@ImajicArt Irk, not good   Hmm, what else works for me when ill... nothing milky, how about spaghetti hoops? Or plain noodles
Hmmm... day of COD4 has developed into a day of washing and unpacking a 2 year accumulation of crap from uni 
@living_autism Hmmm sounds like trouble ahead, stuck in the middle of that....not good 
i need a place to lie down! Hmmmm, it may be too early now...but i NEED it, believe me!  #stiffness&amp;more #fatigue&amp;more
@myu_myu I knowwww  damn job ... I need to get paid to travel and buy things. Hmmm
@cwhisonant @ivettej Hmm.. thanks for checking.. I'm on 3G and for the last week it's been broken..  Forums are no big help..
Hmm just realized that a plain latte from Starbucks isn't as good as a vanilla latte. 
Hmm what to do today...:S 
Hmm, my tooth hurts.  I hope I don't have a cavity. 
Hmm what shell I say... Where is my Mommy? 
Hmm. I installed TwitterBar and sent a post. Authorized the plug-in, but it didn't work! 
Hmmmm this is looking pretty hawt http://bit.ly/W7l5R  bye bye Tweetie? 
Hmmm hehe I wonder where my laxatives are 
Hmmm, waterpark may be a no go tomorrow... 
Hmmm there's something up with my fone and twitter updates  #BSB
Hmm not been the greatest day in history  hope things get a little more positive ... and soon 
So many photos to edit. I'm stuck at work though  and then frisbee later. Hmmm
hmm where did i go wrong 
@Anime81 Hmm...I think it's still on my computer. I'm not sure, but blame my cheap microsoft program  FAIL
wish i could sing for living!!! i'd do it in my sleep. Haha Imma beast. but til then gotta get a boring job! Hmm 
Hmmm, I must be busy because I did not race tonight 
hmm cold and bored 
Hmmm I want to post a twitpic from my phone, but everytime I do it just says sending forever (hours) and never sends! 
Hmm I wish my username was something else. Just figuered out that it is the name of a band that did a horrible version of &quot;Flood&quot; 
Hmmm, it's the 17th here...still no 3.0 update. 
Hmm, that last RunKeeper tweet should had been a run. A run that gave me a bit of a runner's knee injury 
@gearhedd1 night hike? I've been there too before and ya I agree. Wouldn't want to encounter a cougar. Hmm I don't even own flip-flops 
@Chisa Hmm, not sure 
Hmm can't sleep. Watching a movie.. The boy in the stripped pjs. Hopefully I don't cry 
Hmmm... first impressions... till ugly then  looks quite impressive otherwise.
Hmm, got beaten pretty bad with tablesoccer by @ankoduizer 
@guycollierphoto hmmm ... not available yet then 
Has work at half 12...  Hmm...
Hmm.. appears I won't be getting breakfast in bed tomorrow 
@stevieness hmm..sadtimes. 
@LorettaK Hmm...what woke you up? 
@shauninman Hmm I doubt it's gonna come through because it's going on 40 minutes now, any CPU that backed up usually times out.  
This seems pretty confusing  Hmm...
@jmkizer Hmmm, I'm really wanting to get this ride in tonight. 
@NinaPA Hmmmmm... thanks 
hmmm my tweeter is not forwarding 
Hmmm spaghetti on toast - got no cheese though 
@spyboy Hm, I haven't heard... it was on as far as I know though. I'm too busy this week to get to any of the events going on 
Hmmmm, still can't subscribe to anybody at all on friendfeed. Weird. 
Listening to music and just chilling, its really late and i cant get to sleep  Hmm might play sims again haha!
iPhone is officaly broken  funnily enough it will only let me use apps atm. Hmm crazy stuff right here...
I'm soooo hungry  Hmm.. I hope there are food immediately
Hmmm.. I think that went well. No eye contact at the end gave me a clue though. 
Hmm... Wondering what I did wrong with my hash tags in my last post   in the mean time... iPhone is in stage 2 of the #os3 install!!!
wondering if Patep has the same thing as JohnIvens.  Hmm. 
Hmmm which wich is yummy! Not as good as my sushi 
@NicholleMonique Hmm i guess i'm not worthy enough...yet 
Hmm so iphone is not so much working...says I can't connect to the itunes store...phone is in limbo 
Hmmm... had a busy evening away from computer. Now iTunes store giving error when I try to upgrade Touch. 
Hmmm ... can't wait to head home .. missin the boo. 
Hm, it seems the color pot in that #atari 800 is toast. Turning it changes nothing. 
Hmmm os 3 seems a bit slow and buggy for me 
Hmm ... the greenified version of my icon looks ugly 
@AM_Dolores Hmm, would be good if it was different.... 
Hmm, fell asleep at 5pm. had dinner meeting at 6pm,  now 1:43am and feel wide awake...  Grr, what coffee &amp; an hour of sleep will do 
Hmmm date night with hubby is going to be cut short cause of work... 
Hmmm... Blogger won't let me save a draft and i don't want to post until I've had time to reread it later. 
Hmmm... I looked, can't find him anywhere 
Walking home now. It's soooooo cold outside.  I might break down and take the MTA instead of walking. Hmmmm .....
Just tried to follow @cbusimPRessions and I'm blocked? What?! This is the first time I've ever tried to add her or talk to her. Hmmm... 
My phone is messed up.  it says messages I just got came 5 hours ago. Hmm...
What to do, what to do. Hmm maybe watch a movie. That would b fun I guess. we don't have any popcorn or kool aid.  I'll find a new snack
Hmmm Shazam geotags your identified tracks but doesn't tweet them? Lamesauce. 
a little sad...just finished talking to a good friend - why do the good guys always get the raw end of the deal?? Hmmmm...going to bed... 
Hmmm Fentanyl patch...Not as much fun as you'd think!!! 
@SexyShawty426  Hmmm..Wrong guy I don't have any 
Hm, I want a new car  Inteeegggrraaaa ? AHAHAH!
sort of sad!  hoping things will get better. Hmmm... not tired.. but good night! =]
Hmm not sure if I should go in to work today. Better than yesterday but very weak and dehydrated 
@JFilms Hmmm, that sounds like you are not going to sleep much tonight. 
@DJPLAYTIME Hmmm I heard hangover was up there but didn't see it yet 
@Denpasar Hmm . . . looks like the cloud could be coming our way soon also  . . . . at least we have twitter heh!
Hmm.. it's not really a day off if you have to study 
Hmmm i want to go out cycling for a bit but the huge dark grey clouds outside are warning me off it 
Hmmm. I just feel so bad. No email from them? I didn't qualify? 
Hmmm, OperaUnite needs port 8840 in order to connect to the proxy; not good if you don't own the firewall and that port is blocked 
hmm, this is far from interesting... 
Hmmm iphones arrived in store are stock only ones no demo versions 
Hmm I wanna go out clubbing but I gots no moneys 
Hmm I am hearing so many bad stories with 3.0. No wifi and bluetooth, shorter battery life, missing this and missing that etc.... Hmmm 
Hmm major stomach cramps owww 
Hmmm my girl wont be home tonight.. 
Hmm coffee shop girls appear to have gone off me   http://twitpic.com/7pey5
@Phil0u Hmm, not available in my country though  What's the title?
Hmmm, nice hat. 
@NicholleMonique Hmmmm 
@Diortem Hmmm, yeah I can see that being a bitch 
Hmmm I've been neglecting my blog on Microsoft technologies  When will there be more than 24 hours in a day? he he
@tolchi really?? hmm that's weird.  
@n00rtje Hmm my dad wants me to stay home 
Hmm I wonder if kirsty/vici are home I need one of them to go to the shop for me 
Hmmm now my tweets are  appearing twice, how nice. 
@AlexanderMcNeil Hmm not really, still feel the same. 
Hmm am thinking its not easy to take good pics with the iphone, times like this I miss my samsung  well a little(!) lol
Hmm, today #asot is... just boring... 
Hmmm...I guess that's just the way it goes. &quot;If you wanna shine, go find your own star.&quot; NO, I don't think this way but so many people do 
@crunchysue Hmm. I don't think boyfriend would be happy if I brought a puppy home. But I REALLY REALLY want to. 
@spicypeppermint lol.  sorry didn't mean to make you cry. Hmmmm now I'll have to buy you something to make up for mistake 
hmmm. i seem to be the only one posting. maybe i should get back to work 
@inspiredbyjenna how cool is that! Hmm I can't think of a name though 
Hmm..so you're being treated really well by a guy and this is your first time experiencing it? So..how I was toward you meant nothing huh 
hmm, I have tweeter's block. 
hmmm not really feeling whrrl... 
Hmmm....shred and exie have apparently left LF as mods. 
@TGWTG hmm, you didn't follow me you moofer! 
@sarahsmith5 me either  haha damnit. hmm.. what to do.. what to doo..
Hmmm.... if only everyone would write back..... 
@deighe_d serious?    Hmmm maybe it is because I have a widescreen laptop.....I will look from my desktop and see what it looks like
Hmmm.going home to shower n nap before work.. 
@adrianlynch thanks for that. managed to google it. Hmmm your tweets are not appearing in my tweetdeck 
Hmm my skype does not work 
@jordanknight Hmmm...paid $3000 VIP for last cruise..even stayed 7 doors down from your room &amp; u wouldn't take a frickin picture with me 
Hmmm. Disappointed in the rangers 
Hmm still apt searchin 
hmm i give up 
Hmm...don't know whether it's going to rain today or not 
@peterfacinelli hmmm, where are the millions of fanpires?  I thought u'll get at least 100000
Hmm I got the feeling I'm getting sick 
hmm... i'm bored and afraid of the thunder!!! 
today,  Hmmm....  too-too bored 
@JoshyCouture; is that the cute Jonas? Hmm. 
@maysiefurs Cheers bb.  Hmmm. I dunno what to do.
Hmmm... I think i need a haircut!! Huuu 
Hmm 've become a bit obsessed with baby treesons lately... about a year too late i guess  Does anyone have the white one wearing glasses?
Hmm, bloody manchester weather seems to have found us 
Hmmm can almost see the power bar dropping on iphone Since OS3. Fully charged at 6am now 1/4 full only made 1 5 min call 
Hmm never found that bug...... 
Hmm...still no 401 in my registered products page... 
iPhone Hmmmmm.... I wonder if I should switch.... 
@baphomette Hmm, I'll think about it, but I do know how vocal Siamese are and that may give up my little UI one to the authorities. 
@stewie__ Wish I could go to bed! Hmm. I love you. I'll see you when I get home at an ungodly hour. I really wanna go out tomorrow w/you! 
Hmmm -- I'm wondering if I'm eligible for an upgrade so that I can get 3gS? (even though I know I'm not) 
@littledotty i dont know what to do though....hmmm 
@londonsfoggy Hmm, I know this kind of people... although it's not me 
@Spite1977 Hmm not doing nuthing prolly stay home.. I really need to stay home..These couple of weekend has been really rough on me 
Ok... It's wayyy too hot for walking up kennesaw mtn.  what else can I do? Hmmm
Hmmm doesnt seem to work 
@Hmmmm234 ha i had to &quot;dispose&quot; of our &quot;science project&quot; and i accidentally touched it  it was well disgusting
@AMorZan Hmm, well, i would give you a cookie but i don't have one either. sorry. 
So I just failed bad at making chocolate coverd strawberrys.  Wondering what i did wrong. Hmmmmm
Isn't getting twitter updates on my phone.  with the exception of @nicksantino and @christiantft. Hmmm...
@Chloii14 hmm, if i get it. 
Hmm this weekend shall be fun learning three whole topics in physics over two days 
Hmmm...it's time to mow 
Hmmm i love my hair! but i am really bored! empty house tonight?  kmgnbwvngmpjcdvd
@blkwithwhtstrpz lmao oh yea! Hmmm...this celibacy crap sucks 
Hm. I hate it when ppl u actually want to talk to don't text back. 
@photo678 hmm... I don't think I got it...  I swore I signed up for it...
Hmmm.... I guess it didn't work 
@endlessblush awww thanks d. Hmmm...too bad i'm sick, we could have met up for a coffee while you're kid free 
Hmm, just woke myself up by knocking over and smashing my favourite pint glass 
Hmm i guess i won't be watching wall-e lil bro wants the incredible hulk instead. 
@section59mike Hmmmm..... I may have to check that out! I have no credentials though 
Hmm, my sons are on the couch playing NDS...for hours 
Hmm, interesting | visiting grandparents tomorrow | behind on bb  | hearts you all | this | *fingers crossed* | thirsty | so sleepy
@djorgensen hmmm that's definitely not fun 
Hmm, working at office today 
@JasonFurtak Hm. I can imagine that is disappointing 
Hmmm maybe it's just when one uses it in Ubuntu 
My brothers going away for 2weeks today  I'm actually so so upset. Hmmmmm.
@sarah_zacefron and what can that be?... I don't know what I can do.  Hm you're right you have a really bigger problem...
Hmm rain rain go away... I guess we'll do open art fun another day 
Hmmm... I was very resistant in yoga today   But some breakfast afterwards has seemed to appease my mood.
@BMartha  Hm...then I'm just disappointed with the whole thing &amp; show script writers  
Hm.. Sounds like all my favorite people are having a rough day 
Hmmmm I'm actually a good 8&quot; short 
@mmmeg I know! I know! I want one so bad  but there is a possibiltty my connection is delayed....hmmm...
@kevinbaby hmmm... maybe its screwed up somehow... 
Hmm...The audition thing to be on TV is canceled!  Mommy said they called her &amp; it's canceled because of the rain, I think.
is probably staying in tonight and watching movies or going out again tonight...still contemplative. Hmmmm? 
Hmm, no offers of a free hair trim yet 
@muse_queen Hmm. I can't think of a cool way to twist your boardie name. 
Hmm.. waiting for the weather to be nice... so gloomy out there.. 
Hmm one pair of prada disco pumps or like four pairs of steve maddens???? ugh  whats a girl to dooo!
@dboixel hmm  so will I ever see u ?
Hmmm....my dance partner is MIA.   I suppose I'll sit tight and just save my energy
hmm, thinking.... 
@ayazmatin I don't. I'm talking about the fact that the world won't let you follow your heart  Hmm. I wonder what I would choose.
hmm. I just woke up. 
@TaylorRHicks: Hmmm! That can be a problem so far from the loo!  Ugh 
Hmm cant seem to get aMSN to login when I'm tethered to the 3Gs 
@AdamLRocksMe Hm, can't hear it, then? 
Hmmmm... Getting up early hurts 
@sleepydumpling Hmmm, tis a mystery 
Hmmm twitter is being rather interesting on my phone right now. Can you say MALFUNCTIONING? 
Hm....i almost have more followers than i follow. But idk 3/4th of them 
@BLeigh1130   Hmmmm, I speak spanish but not sure what gringa is???  The indonesian won   maybe I should just go to bed
Hmm what to wear .  Its a really hard thing to decide.
@andrewpycroft hmmm the hoover must come out. 
noooooo braai is cancelled hmmm i have to cook now 
What to do today? Hmmm, just gonna chill .... is it really sunday already???? 
Hmm, jammer, geen Wordpress functie voor sticky in catergory 
Hmmmmm have no idea how this works 
lying in bed thinking... hmm 
Hmm, have just been informed that I'm going to be an #uncle.   That definitely makes me feel old 
@Yuifan16 Hmmm, I would come home soon but I have ant's in my room. 
@cmongood :-O that would have been awesome!! Really so she still has the special? Hmmm, I might get one then!  I bummed now 
Hmm I'm pretty sure that my new cinema isn't opening tomorrow... 
@KatieMcCullough  Er.. as I weres, um   Hmm... ahhh now I got paint all over keyboard 
Hmmm...don't think I'm up for goin to the cemetary, but I have to do it 
Hmm might have to buy a new card   I wouldn't mind as much but it means I've lost most of the pictures from last night - sucks
Hmmmm sundays are soooooo boring ahha wearer isn't great either  xxx
I tried to sleep in but that really didnt  work out the way I thought  Waffles or a bagel? Hmmm...
Hmmm 6 more months and I'll be 21. 
Hmmm, that reminds me of that song by... damn! can't remember who sang it now... 
Hmm im pretty hungry. Ill shower, eat, and then I have to clean. 
Hmm..In 3 days ,Leaving gahh 
hmmm  where are uuuu
Hmmmmm, is re-thinking a few things in her life right now or shall i say a few people 
Hmmm, forgot to download anything to watch.  I don't trust my wireless connection to stream anything anymore 
Hmmm, Thomas is frustrated because his teeth hurt and he can't walk  I can do something about the teeth, but he is on his own with walking
Hmmm, hate random injuries that cause unecessary blood 
@martyworrall Hmmm but the wood is wet 
Hmmm no good comic shops left in my area  looks like im gonna have to go on a field trip
On my way to work, another boring day in the office   im starting to think im to young for an office job... Hmm
@whateverdude Hmm, the link takes me to the main site, which is showing Year 1. Transformers 2 is not showing up no matter where I look. 
@joyroett alas, Joy doesn't seem to work for a alpha male spy  However, maybe for his heroine? Hmm ... writing it down
@slushy_gutter Hmm, I dunno if he did... he seemed really distracted that night on and off stage. (I met him before that show) 
@mstum Hmmmm the stats on the netbook look good , need a comparison against the lenovo though , which i cant find 
@leifwickland proxying? Hmm ... on top of the initial DNS lookup + connection, some ad networks then redirect to another domain 
@f2point4 Hmmm  There was no need for that!
Hmmmm, headache again 
Hmm, internal server error on youtube just as I was gonna watch something 
hmm don't think I like it   http://twitpic.com/886o7
ahhh i have my window open and the blinds, the sky looks weirddd. Hmm 
@lightinaugust but I dont have his email  Hmm I know a mailbox I can drop it in. And thanks for the yes 
@joshuadraws Hmm... poopy... yeah... the work printer only does legal / letter sizes... no 11x17  
@butchersangel hmmm it's all rainy n cloudy here 
Hmm.. my fb url seems to have hijacked the apex of the my google search  twitter pushed down  
@OMGZZITSCC Yahhhh it's sad! 3 years! All gone. Hmm... It was time for something new anyways..but still!  Sad day.
@blackbarbie86 ummm hmmm u aint told me nothin sexy allll week. 
http://twitpic.com/8cjm2 - Hmm..Strane, for me it does show it delayed by 10 minutes  himvats
@erinbatt blueberry allergy really? Is it citrusy? Hmmm boooo!  it *is* good ;)
@bisante And the coca cola will help the strangling how exactly? lol I want one 2! Hmmm make it 1000, can't fall asleep, must study... 
My smiley face necklace just broke  ... But my wish is supposed 2 come true ... if i cud only remember what it was.. Hmm..
Hmmm, do I chance just wearing a shirt today?  The weather ain't looking that great 
I am craving bacon. Hmm turkey bacon and mayo with bread. Sounds like a plan. I still have to pack  boo!
hmmm....just here!!! 
Feels like insomnia..aaaa... Hmmm I miss it too much 
Hmmm...failed photo testing last night  damn it!
Hmm... Gwibber doesn't want to play with identi.ca today 
hmm, about to leave milwaukee 
Hmmm. 3 hours till I head to the airport and I can't for the life of me remember where I put my swimsuit. 
Hmmm just leaving work, no lunch break and no time for gym tonight 
Hmm, I appear to have chicken pox 
gan ca thang roi khong co hinh gi de upz ca? Hmm... 
Hmmmm.. all this is giving me a headache 
Hmmmm... GeeksWithBlogs.net is down   along with my blog. This makes me sad.
my son's cloth diaper leaked last night   In my bed   Hmmm, I wonder why.  #clothdiapers
@kstar10 Hm, you fooled me. 
hmm... confused 
Hmmm looks like istockphoto have put up there prices significantly 
@plentz Hmm...  a test comment I just did seemed to work fine.  
@karmadillo hmmm.  not good 
Hmmm. . . I miss chad   ell.ohh.vee.ee.
Hmmm now that i'm not a student any more i'm going to have to buy my own clay. 
Lallalalla. What to do, what to do. Posibly out by the  poooooool. Hmm. I had no idea ftsk broke up.... 
Put &quot;invisible shield&quot; on new iphone. Involved misting shield with water. Now can't use my new phone for &quot;12-24 hours&quot;. Hmmmmm  
Hmm...I keep losing followers. Wonder what I'm doing wrong. 
is home. Hmmm how lovely to be in 85 degree weather. 
@baker_girl Hmmm, sounds like a real dilemma in the baker household 
Hm maybe if I turn off the sound Dawaun 
@jackiemcghee Hmm. They want to capture ALL my internet activity. I hope they have a LOT of storage space. 
@jonw_uk hmm.. slightly different scenarios methinks 
@pviktor Hmmm...not good...carrot juice and marmalade on toast may help? 
Hm... This is what you get for allowing coworkers playing with your twitter account... 
@ssbohio Hmmm. Interesting thought. Would you start with semi-automatics? Which ones are the assault vehicles? What about hi-capacity? 
hmmm, this is working very easy actualy 
@scorpionkiss hmm deal! who'r we inviting? 
Hmm...fuzzy picture from the window....I guess eventually blackberries will go to Zeiss for their lenses 
@shruticute Hmmm... my mom... well... thanni thelichu vettutaanga... 
@AliceCullenlJ Hmm...how about you take me out? I know that's your favorite thing, auntie... 
Being lazy and bored. Thinking I'd want to do something really weird.. Hmmm, joining twitter apparently wasn't weird enough. 
@bjflanagan Hmmmm....so only $137 is the difference?  What about the technology capabilities?  I'm not a techie, need help.  
Finished work  wat shall one do with this pritty nite? Hmm *holds chin* #helpmedecide
Hmmm bed, Bonne nuit Tweeterers or whatever you want to be named 
guess I should go buy some groceries.  Hmmm grocery shopping on a saturday night.  How exciting is that?  
@ckconner Hmm, SkipBo and dirty martini's and I promise to make the drive up.  
@sleeprun Hmmm that's perceptive of you  Why do you think that?
Could i be any happier. Hmmm well maybe just one thing 
@SirEdwardCullen Hm. Interesting, oh so very interesting. 
Hm.. learning history. and listening to music on my ipod.  Omgosh i almost lost it yesterday ;o. but i found it back after missing my bus
Hmmm... not sure about this twitter thing, but I figured I'd give it a try.  Now just exploring the site 
Hmmm I wll have to think on that one for a bit 
@RuudHein hmm. evernote looks stunning. I just might download it. 
Hmm I have a feeling today will be another wasted day. 
@jamie_oliver Hmm it was lovely  finishing coursework ready for school tomoro :'( then helped mum cook a massive sunday lunch-yum  u? xx
Hmm , .. the singing practise was canceled today  . But i got home earlier !  . Also , gonna get a bad bad grade on the math test..:/
hmm? how so? 
Hmm..yeppers ditty, ditty would follow him any where I think ditty would really like to get to know me yes I dooooooo 
Hm, it only takes so little sun for most guys to take off some clothes  I'm not complaining :-D au contraire!
Hmmm a few other people I wanna give shout outs to and they are @angieleah @geckodelimon @cocoancream and I guess @Magnum74 
Changed colours, added a photo, added a link. Hmmmm, call me a phillistine but I'm not yet certain what the fuss is about 
@Insanechicka33 hmmm you must not get out much huh 
@karJg Hmm, if its over at CH, would you mind if I nipped over &amp; had a look sometime?  Not that I'm suffering from gadget envy at all 
Hmmmm, two exams taken, two to go 
@sidneymohede  @Maxperience  Hmmm.... did you really had to share that? 
Hmmmm cornflakes with blueberry yoghurt  http://twitpic.com/3pfxz
@awesomepam Hmm... I'll check how much I paid tomorrow. 
@missmonnie hmmm, we shall see then 
@sammyfung Hmm... I am wondering which project is proposed by the HK student. 
@tarniecullen Hmmm, I plan to try it out. He's rather busy, but im sure he'll notice fairly quickly.. 
@jackgraycnn   Hmmm..lovely walking companion.  
is bloated after eating pizza &amp; tim horton's. Hm, good stufffffff 
Just felt like testing this out... Test test... Hmmm... I hope it works. I hope it works. I hope it works! Sorry for being random...   
@iboy It is a lot of consonants... Hmm. 
Hmmm this is actually more fun than I thought! Finding out more about twitter every second 
I did it! I got the tube all by myself  now I have half an hour to kill tilll my train. Hmm what to do?!
@shaileelathe Hmm, considering it. Thanks for the idea! 
Hmm q dia lindo!!! ow finally a sunny day 
@keeperofthekeys you are bothered because of the increasing no of people?!! Hmm. Chill girl! You're my fav on flickr, if that helps! 
@invincible82  what is the only animal that doesn't make a sound...? hmmm?  
Hmm, thats it.. will play some flower to relax the mind and then read and sleep 
@EETWiz But they're so cute! And hmm.. 37? 
@maynaseric True.  Hmm if you're hungry perhaps some fruit might be a good idea. You still get the sweet &amp; more nutrition thrown in.
@ikidboogiei hmmm i think it was around there 
Hmm, the birds are singing. This can only mean it's time to go to bed 
@ryancross - hmmm, old-ish... that'd mean over 40 right?  did he speak/ask questions?
Late night documentaries and sleeping on the couch, or hanging out at shows and beths to save us from ourselves... Hmmm 
@mangoboost hksusa..hmm..maybe i should check it out oo so i can get surprises! 
Hmm what doo i love rightt now? MYSICKASSLIFEEE 
@Orielna Hmm... Where do you wanna go? I can take you anywhere. 
Really good weather today. Hmm...   ? http://blip.fm/~5h0da
Party tonight? Hmmm not sure yet. 
@theNetImp Hmmm odd I have no problems with it. 
@bndesign Hmmm maybe... And lovely dragonfly too 
Hmm, shud i go get a mask before heading out 2 vegas 4 #railsconf . Its a way 2 get noticed, wlkng arnd w/ a mask.. Nah, maybe not 
@Dingelidong here...hmmmm... there is always dark... 
Hmmm.... online traffic school. Who's got the cliff notes? 
@_xotashhh Hmm, sort of. I'm taking Psychology next year! 
Hmmm @turnerfortner I thought @griffinbinnicker was your hubby. Does @brooksBROmanley know this?  
Today Hmmmm. ... got up got dinner done make up hair ...inn abbeys ever sincee 
Hmm twitter is interesting 
Hmm, #TwitterBook on Safari... looks like a good read. 
@chathamnj  Hmmm...well hate to say this but I woke up w/ a flu...seriously...IMO it's a normal flu tho' I have no idea what the dif. is 
Hmm... new blog post on http://ashleywrimo.blogspot.com/! 
Hmm... new blog post on http://ashleywrimo.blogspot.com/ ! 
@curious06  Hmm ur missin out  :-p N yeah ima try to go tomorow itx my only day off xD
@JonathanRKnight Hmmmm I will try counting Tweets tonight instead of sheep 
@GottaLaff Hmmm, yes.....but we'd laugh at our kitchen disasters and then amaze ourselves with our 'rita skills. 
Truth in advertising.  Hmm, might work  http://bit.ly/absMN #humor
@JRHIGHTOWER  you told me u would be there...lol! Hmmmm where were u.....
@Icethevillain hmmm; somewhat.. i would say more spontaneouz 
@BoltClock Hmm, I will hear more. 
@ctreit Hmmm, maybe that's what they meant. They eluded to something brand new but you know how the media is 
@freakgoddess hypnotyst .... hmmmm... i should beware.. 
@red_hawt Hmm..  Interesting choice.  
@nuttychris Greatings from planet shannan, we have laded once again on your lanet &amp; hopefull we come in peace =/ Hmm...Haiaa 
found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o\
found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o
Hmmm.. If I skip the grocery store and head to Walmart, I could potentially leave with so much more. 
@zedomaxbiz Hmm it seems to me @lone_gun needs the followers. 
Hmm I guess where the world is headed 2day....Lets make predictions 
@SteveAgent I think I should... But with who? Hmmmm. Maybe a friend in ALASKA 
@Ssisch Hmmm... Sisch &amp; sound design. So when you say soon, you mean weeks 
@shelviahendoro Ow.. not a single one? Hmmm... Bertahan ya 
@SirRawlins Hmmm, that's not a crazy idea 
Hmm..I love drivinq the whoop whoop  :; but I hate back seat driverss!
@lindasmith247 Hmmm ... my son really wants us to get dirt bikes ... so we're selling the boats to get bikes!  
yeah,  @sohyunna @laingrithdz Hmmm, so should I keep asking this kind of questions until I become famous?
Hmm. Wondering if I'm happy having my firefox skin be christmasy all the time.  May need some getting used to. 
Hmm. Enjoying my afternoon. For one day it's not hot and humid 
@sarabeth13137 Hmm.. I might have to try that.. thanks 
@SnowWhite23 Hmm I wonder why?! Lol 
@PS1968 How are you doing tonight and whatcha been doing? Hm, guitar time now! 
@crazytwism Hmm, maybe I will, but I am not losing any moments at college anyway  I guess I know how to enjoy on the GO!
@DavidArchie try to request for some halo-halo, one of my fave dessert. Hmmm Yummy!!! 
@khouryrt Hmm what is 'not pricey' for you rita? 
My 60th update.  Hm, what to wear on the concert.
@damohopo so why you being coy? hmm odd 
Hmm subwayy sandwich makes me happy  yum yum more :p
@ndless oh I love Subway haha. I actually had it for lunch. Hmm well I like my height  You?
Hm, I just finished Fallout 3. Looks like I have killed everyone in the end.. Hmmm 
@penpen72 Hmm, good point... anything with Doc in it though, regardless of story, I'd happily watch 
@mint910 Hmmm how about Alea Awesomeful? 
still getting used to twitter.. hmmm 
hmmmm, i think i have a new crussshh 
Hm I'm like about to pass out. I'm so tired. Haha six flags tomorrow. 
I'm now being featured on another site. Hmmm...feels goooOOood!   http://bit.ly/dILnO
@moonfrye Hmm Id say Ghriadelli dark chocolate squares with raspberry filling 
that voice in side your head saying... your just...just a dummyyyy   Hm
Hmm yess, i should REALY be revising maths now but im not, im going to go and have fooood 
@stephenfry Hmm.....should have said I'd have brought it to you...no reason...I'm just nice like that  At least its dry today 
@a_leach hmm, knowing you, i bet you would. 
@shrem Hmm. Btw changed pic eh? Nayice! 
@kermmartian Hmm, we'll see. I've got some plans today. I'll keep you updated if I have any free time 
@gulpanag Hmmm, mayb Rann wud want dem to invte u on da shw Not dat its a measure or sumth 2b on it. But wud b fun 2 c funluvin ppl on it 
wondering is the film Angels and Demons worth watching..Hmm let me know twitters!  xxx
Hmm, have a meeting in an hour, have to prepare for cheer tryouts! 
Hmmmm 2 finals to go.... 9 days to complete bliss and contentment 
I love sleeping in until 1 pm. Feels good  Hm, no plans today &amp; the hubbz is workin' ;(
@introspectre Hmmm, not sure if you're psychic really.... Prove it, read my mind or something 
Is it wrong to wanna take a nap at 7pm? Hmm. I'm going to go for it 
@melaniekeys Hmmm, I know someone else who has a bunch of time off.... you should talk to him. 
Hmmm...what should I do today?  I think I'll go to the gym and keep working to get summer ready 
@yougotmichelle lol...alcohol and the high seas. Hmmm...hope the guys have adequate security.  http://myloc.me/12W3
what am I doing twitter asks? Hmm, I am laying in bed with my laptop in my lap chilling and then I go to church 
@Paisano Hmmm might that by yet another assignment for someone over at dadomatic? You know you should pay me for these ideas. LOL! 
Hmmm a &quot;hard&quot; day of camming deserves some delivery food... 
Hmm feel ok about exam, gonna look over notes  wish me luckkk
@SexxyLexxi80 wat was that for? hmm? 
@AlmaLaCubana Hmm... what is there really to debate? haha Women have the same rights... get over it? 
@Wookiesgirl Hmm... decent height. I tend to like the short girls. 
@leingangzj You must be busy, hmmm, I will just leave you alone 
@RevvedUpDip The question is, what exactly did you watch to send your mind reeling a thousand miles per hour.  Hmmmmm....what indeed.  
@wpstudios Hey buddy! Hmm, need a more settling breakfast over here. It's going to be a long day. 
Hmmm.....earthquake eh? That sucks. But anyways, I'm looking for a car 
@SukieBunny Hmmm yup but you can't get within 10ft of me..chilli,garlic,onions..... 
Hmm...good night, very good night indeed haha! Right, back to my world of music!! 
I wish I was interesting and had something cool to tweet about. Hm. I think I'm going to see @paparoach in .. august. wooooo! love them. 
@drewm Hmmmm, I'll let you away with it this time. I'm keeping my eye on you though. 
hmm...i should probably write my announcement in spanish so i dont get a 0 on it 
Just done re exam. Now sitting watching a silly film that noone gets .. Hmm  
Hmm, i can do maths 
Hmm... I wonder if anyone will notice my new shoes at work today.  
Hmm judging by the rain #dojo is going to smell faintly of wet dog tonight! 
@jmn32 Hm, you can't find it through the interface but that link does work, thanks! 
is feeling somewhat calmer after a massive rant. Hmmmm 
@senrable Hm...you might want to try harder! 
Hmmm... what should I do today... call IS... see if they can work on my networkID. Mean time... a tutorial sounds good 
@adamkmiec video doesn't have to be linear? hmmm.... 
@SensualStories Haven't read it, but I have a godson with a 6th birthday this week.  Hmm..  
@carltonreid Hmmm, I didn't see any bike on those pictures 
@JoshBerry26 Lol, you're welcome!! &amp;&amp; thanks sweetie  Hmm...do you know me to not watch you're videos!?!?
Hmmm @C_DIG that would be my fault... I don't know the difference btwn madonna &amp; not-madonna. 
I'm up and I am up again and now I cant go to sleep.  I'm needa bowla cerial!  Hmm...RAISON BRAAANN...yaaaaay 
Hmm, is there already some Spotify user sharing (Dutch) charts playlists? Would be darn easy 
Hmmm.. toast or danish first??   Could be a tough day if it carries on like this...  
@lyndons Hmmm.... that sounds like a bachelor's cookbook 
@LilCease Hmmm sounds good to me lol til next time love! 
@seanchoe Hmmm..sounds great.. 
@bhalash Hmm... build your own 3D game engine. 
@shaundiviney hmm...to celebrate, i think u should reply ?  haha
Hmm, is this the *real* @kfrenchum, or someone pretending to be her? 
I am so happy that I have a puppy. It fills by day with joy...until she chews something. Hm.  
@mehulved hmmm I was half expecting you to join in yourself 
@jolinsdell Hmm? Sounds like you need to do a travel guide to navigating the mercato for us 
@JulieWilson09 Hm, that might be a good time to visit. Interested? 
@meekthegeek Hmmm.. curious...love gifts. 
Hmm, what to do with my first real day off in months? 
@nadiap Hmmm.. well some. Probably aim to grasp the basics and terminology, then experiment &amp; play.. 
@greekpeace hmmm must have misread something oops! 
@tbush With that kind of money, though, you could brand a turd. Hmm. Actually, just realised that's what a lot of the industry does 
@CharlestonArea Hmmm, is it possible to do all of those things? 
@gina_pina_14 Hmm, maybe I'll just risk it then.  If it's cold I'll have to stop off in a pub to warm me up 
Hmm it's started already!  But I'm spending money so I am calm 
hmmm.. text me??? 740-412-3166   sound good??
is trying to figure out what her horoscope means...Hmm... 
So she is here  hmm thinking what to do 
Dorm or new car? Hmmm. I'm picking the car. 
@PatrickDean but it's so easy to laugh, it's so easy to hate. It takes guts to be gentle and kind. Hmm, pretty sure that's a Smith's song 
@rehabc hmm you can always put fore your thoughts 
Hmmm since ms.grosvenor took eclipse from me...im laying in bed with absolutely nothing to do...just listen to demi lovato 
@timriley hmm, that's annoying - but still, why macports ruby? 
@MenschZwoNull Hmm. Point taken 
@ChrisAlbon  Hmmm...I observe that you do vs. try   g'night from Seattle
So I just took a quiz that determines where you should live based on your personality. The answer was Colorado. Hmm couldn't agree more! 
hmm... going to sleep now... i wonder what i'll dream about... 
@theabundantgift That happens alot...Hmmmmm...  
@gregs Hmmm...you better take that same advice tomorrow night! 
@JanaeLucifurrr hmmm lovely status, you 
Oh. Uhm. Hmm. Wow! 
@3000farad Hmm, I guess I haven't got any social skills from my sister, all I got from her was anger because she keeps annoying me 
Hmmmm.... sleep schedule is still whacked... =/ But I'm going to the beach tomorrow!!!  yay!
@Milonare Hmmm, that's a tough choice, I vote LococoShale, has a certain Shakaism to it 
Hmm ... I've been sleeping for 36hrs straight. This whole graduating high school thing is kinda awesome 
@pinkadelalala isn't everyone shuld feel peace,cool n tranquil in mosque? Hmm that's a sign. Only u-kno-what will feel hot-like-hell girl 
One hours sleep??!! Hmmm.....another busy day again  catch up with sleep another time! LOL
@TadekChavez Hmm... looks interesting! 
Hmm..I have excuse myself from meeting..past documents by e-mail..Yay! for technology 
@ThePrinceBeMe ahahaha SWEEEEAAAAR!!! Hmmmmm I think you should 
@lovethatfabric Haha! Drinking wine at 9 o'clock in the morning? Hmm not such a good idea. But I will have some tonight. 
Hmm that wasn't so bad 
@fadilnet -- Hmm. I remember trying to predict like that... but they mix those finger shots up on purpose...  #apprentice
@gsalvadi Hmm dont worry happens, btw I am also sleeping [almost actually]  let the market do its job, we will do ours, enjoying life 
@gsalvadi Hmm dont worry happens,btw me also sleeping [almost actually]  let the mkt do its job, we will do ours, enjoying life that is 
@kenkeiter Hmm, that only makes me more curious about the idea 
@lheybella Hmm cupcakes sounds good  how've you been?
Hmm....I'm in the mood 4 tea 
Hmmmm, a tail? I dont have any tail 
Hmmm, I think it might be time for tea &amp; cake. 
Trying a hard-case for blackberry. Hm..this is nice. 
