Most common words for this cluster:
[('holiday', 373), ('vacation', 217), ('holidays', 114), ('easter', 84), ('bank', 79), ('christmas', 65), ('day', 37), ('days', 25), ('time', 24), ('santa', 23), ('tis', 23), ('work', 21)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'holiday', 0.9133263230323792), (u'holidays', 0.8793724775314331), (u'Christmas', 0.7863233089447021), (u'vacation', 0.7258465886116028), (u'DIARY_MidEast_African', 0.7177974581718445), (u'Thanksgiving', 0.7039509415626526), (u'Holiday', 0.6945167779922485), (u'vacations', 0.6850707530975342), (u'Easter', 0.674420177936554), (u'Xmas', 0.6669836044311523)]





vacations makes me feel sick! 
definitely no vacation for me...   http://plurk.com/p/mzygb
@cyantificNHS Balls  Although without the tunes, it's just a holiday then ;-)
is losing her hubby for a week tomorrow for work.  Easter and all 
its sprained!!  so glad im on holidays
I have a hole in my favourite top. I bought it in the sale before Christmas so I can't even get an exchange  might try fixing it later.
3 days leave then Easter, no work for a week,  Except for the long list of DIY jobs to do at home, 
Struggling regarding the fact that dance is 5 days away!!  On the other side, Vacation!!!!
@MichellePen immensely!! Started playing with new sites as I didn't want to mess up Easter one - paranoid moi? 
Needs to go to the dentist now. What a perfect start for the holidays,hm?   
@MissWyn I bet you are  I remember Easter as a kid was so excited, you'll have a great day!
Coughing up a lung - again !  I've had this on and off since Xmas 
the great holiday homework sesh has begun  now bugger off twitter you distracting menace!
@siximpossible yes, it was Easter Chocolate - i'm a sucker for a hollow egg, and there was this discount store and .... 
i want to go on holiday 
who is working over the holidays?? i am!!! 
@karmadillo No - bad - very bad  Not bought a single Easter Egg yet so in family bad books and dog is missing his extra long walks.
is thinking how short are the Easter Holidays even before starting 
@CosmopolitanUK have you tried the Kschocolat Dipping Easter Eggs http://is.gd/raZl not the best though 
Trying hard to resist eating the kids' Easter Eggs  
@lannalee Easter bunny didn't come to my work 
I ate too much chocolate, and now I feel poorly  Easter sux.
Easter; 2 week holiday from school and loads of chocolate. Awwh snap! Loads of portfolio work to do, maybe it's not a holidays after all? 
@Casarina It's snowing today, like full Christmas kind of snow 
okay this holiday i plan to. go shopping in birmingham, have a sleepover. urm, go down walsall. do more fun stuff 
Desperately tired with another late night to look forward to  roll on Easter break!
Right - off to spend quality time with the kids as working over Easter...BOOOO  
@ doc appt #2 before our trip to suprise my baby boy 4 parents wknd. Wishing it did not have 2 be Easter wknd. I'm gonna miss out @ FRC 
Would really like good tracking info for Girlie's Easter dress.  It was sent USPS, and their tracking system STINKS.  
Eating brunch then heading to work... Vacation time OVER! 
@dropstoppop totally  zzzz believe holidays are ending hmph
Just ate the last of Easter 
vacation's almost over 
The rain is keeping me from riding bandit  It feel like someone cancelled Christmas. 
Not long left of the hols   x
me wantz more vacation 
Neighbor's boy was killed in a plane crash when on his Easter holls teh sad   http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/8006100.stm
Wishes his vacation started today 
is down to just jelly beans in my easter basket 
Just wainting the vacation ! .......  S A D N E S S  
being borde and watchin a movie called The Holiday 
also the last day of Holidays tomorrow 
Last day of vacation... need vacations!!!! (again) 
is sad its the last day of the easter holiday .. 
last day of the easter holiday 
I am not ready for this holiday to be over 
doesn't want the holidays to end.. 
last day of Easter break  where did the time go
ohhh *cry* holidays are nearly over  seriously so unfair! we only got 1 week  At least I had awesome holidays!
sad my vacation is over 
Last day of Holidays Tomorro  
@angelinajonasx ahh I know the holidays ended too fast 
Just finished my homework. It took forever, I'm so sad Easter is over 
I don't want Easter hols to end! 
@LenEdgerly my hub says he is buying me one for Xmas ... I tried audible books but fell asleep on airplanes and lost my place 
Last day of Easter holls and its really sunny and I have to spend it doing work I shouldve already done 
gotta do some blogging..still holiday planning...why must life be so difficult?! i just wana freakin holiday 
@lana_berry disappointingly no  I want to lay on the couch and watch The Office Xmas episode lol
@kevinpollak who are your guests tonite - missed last week w/holiday  
cannot believe the Easter holidays are over 
@haleybabiee when are you going on vacation again so i know when to start crying that your not bringing me 
Cooking and washing for the week.  Vacation seems to be over.  
Hoping I'll be able to get Kristen's Easter basket to her before Easter 2010 hehe  http://twitpic.com/3lxzg
Holiday over...back to work today 
I cant celebrate those kinda holidays anymore  @aulstar
What a lovely morning, feels like I'm on holiday. Except I'm walking to uni 
@jimwebber argh now my whole world has been thrown upside down  I haven't been this confused since the whole no Santa debarcle...
Tis bright and sunny and i'm in work 
can tell the Easter hols are over - took forver to get to work again   at least I only have 4 and a bit weeks left of it! lol
last day of easter holidays 
@stephenfry Have appt this afternoon for dentist to try and sort out the mess that is a crown which fell out over Easter. 
I miss the holidays already  soooo tired just want to go back to bed!
I have finsihed my essay - let the holiday begin ... yay .. well till 12 30 when i have to go to work  nice while it lasts though
wih i was still on holiday, aaah 
Wow this holiday break for me is soo boring, I ended up watching celebrity plastic surgery on channel 10 before 
My first day back at work after Easter break and it's a lovely sunny day. I was prepared for this but it still pains me 
My Easter bunny toy has gone! Last seen in my mums hands... She was pushing some white stuff back in to it! Toy not seen since 
getting ready to fly home. Vacation is nearly over... 
back to work - vacation is over - 
In music really bored because we have to do coursework already on our first day back from Easter!! 
ugh I miss holidays 
back to work now..vacation over 
@saintcoxyboy 60. Not bad. No way, I have done no revision over Easter so I can't afford to go out at all. Ever 
Last day of Easter break 
@Synergiance Tis too big, and mean. 
Wishing I could be celebrating the holiday.  
back in the office after a long weekend in texas - sometimes i feel like i need a vacation after a vacation 
vacation is over....    
Ah. I can't believe the holidays are over 
i have just returned from a beautiful holiday in western australia! i miss it already 
it's always winter, but never Christmas 
it's hard to begin working after Easter holiday 
Omw to a client. @kenasiu yes, you were right, it is tuesday. This Easter vacation screwed me up a bit. Or I'm just getting old... 
geez these holidays goes so fast !   
is heading back to work this am... Vacation time is over 
no more vacation,  back to schoooool
bank holiday comedown 
How hard is comeback from holidays.... 
@stigblog never been to yoga but done it on my wii fit before lol Tis sore  I love the sauna as well good to relax and chill out!
i hope everyone has a great bank holiday, although i have to work on monday 
tiiiired,, vacation ruined my 
@heaven_chik ia dental Christmas party - wanted rehearsal dinner there, bit peggy didn't let us choose where we could have it 
vacation's almost done... 
@moonfrye That Santa's not real 
Santa you player, I thought we were friends 
Typical bank holiday weather, chucking it down 
On a lovely lazy bank holiday weekend, what better to do than shop on etsy for hellbabies and cherrypiepunk clothing?!?.. I'll be at work 
lying in bed relaxing my way into the bank holiday - but where's my pastry delivery?? 
i was under the impression that there was never rain in israel after Pesach. apparently i was wrong 
cant believe i have to work on a public holiday 
I'm going out with the kids to enjoy the sun - being a bank holiday, it's got to rain soon 
Please tell me why most bank holidays are just doom and gloom  ???????
is suffering from post holiday blues.  where is my blue skies, yellow sunset, boat trips and galfriends 
@joeymcintyre you still look tired and the vacation is nearly over 
3 days of holiday is over and now back to work. 
... a child AFTER vacations ...    X-(
is stuck at work on a bank holiday 
bah to working on bank holidays! 
Heading to work on a bank holiday is no fun at all 
no bank holiday monday for me...off to work as usual 
vacation just ended 
no more holiday for us... back to basics 
off to work. must be a national holiday 
Holiday is definitively over 
bank holiday and i'm working 
off to work on a yet another bank holiday 
getting ready for workk! working bank holiday monday  how fun..
Is tired and wishing I hadn't agreed to work today...it's bank holiday!  x
welcome to another sunny bank holiday 
It's a bank holiday and it's raining 
it is a bank holiday and it is raining. I am disappoint! 
its cold wet and grey must be a bank holiday 
morning, piddling down here!!  must be a bank holiday.!
homework on a bank holiday what a joke,i should still be in bed 
terry wogan on holiday for 2 weeks...i miss him already 
@KiwiMcI why is it always so rubbish on a bank holiday  when I was younger they always seemed sunny
working every bank holiday truely bites 
bank holiday bliss. margin recovery ticking at back of mind though 
Working! even on a bank holiday 
I am sooo BORED (again) that's what i hate about vacation 
boooo to miserable bank holiday weather 
another bank holiday but ive still gotta go to work  dont think ive had a bank holiday yet this year!
working 2-6 on bank holiday 
it so not happy it's raining on a bank holiday 
surprise, surprise its bank holiday and its raining 
Why does it always have to rain on holidays 
bored at work wishin my holiday would come fasterer  
too much holiday 
is wasting away the bank holiday 
bank holiday - pah I'd rather be at work 
is excited about her holiday with @xkiss  &lt;3   bank holiday weather sucks 
because my mum is on holiday from work i have to resort to buying TIME magazine 
Holiday monday!!  The traffic I just like a friday afternoon rush hour in glasgow. 
@gashead Really? Never knew that. He bought loads from my uncles shop at Christmas, I never got to meet him though 
Vacation is over    back to work 1230-9. Uggggggggh
@UKAsh It's not a vacation. I wish it was, I really wish it was. 
Someone somewhere didn't like Easter Bunny Differences http://bit.ly/tYM7x  
@out_and_beyond it does make sense not to adopt a kitten so close to going away on holidays 
@stratosphear I wish my dad looked like Santa 
vacation is over 
oooh no! I'm getting fatter during this short holiday 
Watched yesterday's SNL. Imagine being 8yrs old &amp; getting a Christmas stocking full of fruit &amp; nuts. So deceived! What a letdown! 
soooo... it's like a working holiday but without the working, and instead of 12mths will be like 3... 
m craving for a holiday 
When it gets cold in the US, there's Thanksgiving and Christmas to look forward to.  What do we get in NZ??   
@DJCOKI wow I feel like a kid again... Like when u find out there's no Santa.... 
sooo bored so i did online shopping 10mins ago..there goes my $$$$$$$$$$$ only left with 200$ for my 2yr6mnthsary celebration tmw 
@KrisBuytaert I'm on vacation , well actually , but  for zoocamp
vacation is almost over, how sad 
I want a holiday 
The weather keeps changing. Tis a study-day today 
@aimeehill yea i no and its heaps longer then the holiday one 
@madalinav we don't have sept holidays! Or maybe I checked wrong 
@jonoakden Thought we were all waiting for you to have a holiday?  I don't have a horga'hn 
needs a holiday 
Why oh Why netflix do u have every Muppet movie but a Muppet Christmas Carol?????? 
@DefyGravity81 i was hoping they would take a break.... i just hope they get a long vacation and come back to us 
@hahaha no fabulous green hutches at the holiday inn 
@amandasikkink hahaha, sadly no fabulous green hutches at the holiday inn 
@kurianJ I'm honored to be the subject of your 1st tweet  Congratulations on the wedding - although I will be on Holiday at the time 
Just updated my calendar and now I am on holiday when we are still rolling out a project! 
The law school weeks inch along, while the vacation weeks fly by.  Vacation is winding down, flying back to the States this afternoon. 
Just got back from Crete, it's raining, I'm at my 2nd toddler party in 24hrs and back to work tomorrow. Holiday over 
hols over  back to porridge mon. busmans holiday productive but not restful
@hiphopcheerio He killed my heart to. Tis' broken. I think he would be my dream guy. And the fact that he killed himself makes me sadder. 
I think my brain has turned to mush - and i want to go on holiday 
@Msmith2740 when I was a kid I used to ask for a radio controlled car every Christmas. And I always got cheap _remote_ control cars 
back after a thoroughly satisfying and a delicious vacation.. my bags haven't arrived yet 
Vacation is practically over 
Spending my holiday making comments on a document 
it's bored holiday 
Just checked-in for my flight tomorrow. Holiday's almost over. 
seriously needs a holiday 
@carryfiasco Tis sad isn't it?  I'm hoping they might process the refund after tonight.
this means i probably won't get my new passport in time for going on holiday to zante 
laundry doesn't take a holiday 
Just woke up.. Vacation no more  what to do what to do
Just learned The Unusuals won't be coming back for another season. Tis a sad day for me 
Trying to get in touch with reality  missing my holiday.....
@helenreynolds Never   Especially the last bank holiday - they were miles off !! We can only hope can't we?
Why am I up so early on a holiday? 
@EvilNanny ah that sounds good, I'm at work, we don't get bank holiday weekend 
is getting a cold .. before she goes on holiday !!  not good !
@caz_smash eep, I hate to say it but think you really needed a holiday from the family instead 
looking at holiday clothes wishing i was rich 
forgot its bank holiday weekend - towns full of kids 
Working over bank holiday 
I'm on vacation but still up at the crack of dawn 
It's supposed to rain for the remainder of my vacation 
is working in it-should-be-a-holiday.. 
vacation is over..  back to work again!
@themikesmith holidays and special occasions. I live on grind ,mode 
My mini vacation is officially over 
?Ughhh.. vacation is almost over. hate it. 
can not WAIT for holidays ..need some sunhine!!! 
@cuzza It just snuck up on me, is all. It's a state holiday, so I don't get bonus pay for working it 
@HelenH20 ugh! Tis so warm outside too  unfair! I want to go read and pack!
.. these holidays are soo boring.. 
Feeling so low and depressed that I'm not on holiday 
It's about time I let people know whats happenning, although I often wonder why I bother   but hey it'll soon be Christmas........
Holidays are now over - not fair!!  
Santa monica bound 
no Santa cruz for me  but I do have an interview at jamba tomorrow morning (:
@mothman that sounds good..reminds me of Christmas time  but we don't have any  earl gray tastes good too 
@_casserole *sigh* i need a vacation. 
it's saturday.long holiday.don't even had any plan. boring.. 
@officialTila I need a vacation 
@putfolker bnr bgt puut. liburnya kapaaan. . . ?? i reallly need a holiday 
@mizmindy my son lost his, so we made him chip in all his Xmas money and he bought a new one. We found his other one three months later 
my holiday's over in 2 days 
We have landed. Vacation officially over   home sweet home!
Having flu, Not feeling well!!my holiday is gone 
lying in bed suffering with hayfever and a major case of holiday blues 
I'm full  feel like... a turkey on Thanksgiving ! I should go walking and running tonight, burning the excessive kcal...
summer holiday! but I'm already missing my friends 
Working at the Santa rosa hospital, sleepy and bored, looking forward to my babey coming home in 6 days 
laptops not working  so tired, holidays are boring haha.
@ToriMartin1 wow you guys are lucky because having summer vacation... is it 3 mths? we have holiday for only 2 weeks this june 
There's lots of assignment to be done! can i have a break? definitely, no holidays for me 
We've got holidays and it's raining 
@hellorhiannon ah no, that sucks  we made sure we cooked them properly! picnics are totally amazing!
@xoxoHelenHilton let me spell that right.. hope not haha. and nopee-all my friends are on holiday  lol youu?
@ddlovato aww have fun! i wish i was on vacation  can't wait for the album!!
yaaaaaaaayy i have vacation! only 4 days 
@ddlovato  i loveeee vacation!! in brazil its only in july 
these holidays are soo boring 
@jellyyy cannit believe you're on holiday and i'm not 
my fone's gne on a holiday 4 2dais  i miss it soooo muchhh
I wish I didn't work tonight  Vacation next week though!
@_amberlovely i have missed you tooo!  hope your holiday was good!
got robbed on holiday lost itouch and ds 
@_sophielouise how do you feel? i got it on holiday babe 
ugh @ddlovato just left to go on vacation and already I wish she was back 
So I got a Wii last Christmas and have probably played it less than 10 times...no one ever wants to play with me! 
is going back to his regular routines... vacation mode is over. 
wanted to go and buy some dvds to watch during the holidays but momma said it's better we do it tomorow after the exam 
oh my goosh!!! i hate scoooooool!!!! i want holiday 
back from greek holidays; wishing I were back in skiathos 
got sunstroke bad  good holidays thouu xD
vacation is over, back to work 
working on a bank holiday 
Holiday being cancelled  I'm soooooooo upset n f**ked off!
@MickyFin same as ever really, knuckling down to normality and dieting after recent holidays etc, plus i'm not a sun worshipper 
wishing i was on vacation already 
Q. What does it mean if your Christmas present is a vacuum cleaner &amp; U spend your B-day alone ? A. You are more an employee than a friend 
just got back from my vacation 
End of halftermm holiday 
Santa monica for mani-pedi. I miss the sunlight 
is back from holiday to face the washing mountain   but we have a healthy growing back lawn still!!!
Nearly finished my holiday 
Holidays are over and therefor so is fun 
Aww gyms not open on public holidays 
@Liteskinpoppin I thought you couldn't sleep I was bout2 break out the j. holiday 
vacation is officiially over 
Vacation is over.  
My mini vacation is over. 
And a certain someone in the office (who is just back from holiday) wont shut her mouth! I mean it was a holiday for us too! 
@GinnyFromDaBloc I'm very jealous ! I want a holiday too 
I need a holiday, don't know when I'll get one 
@radianceleong @amandaym looks like you guys are definitely going fo bangkok?  no more holidays for me argh
Ah, public holiday again in Holland - but the last one until Xmas 
@magnumlady we dont have holiday here 
holiday sindrom 
Angels and Demons was cool!  in work now on a bank holiday! 
i need vacation  
It sucks not working on a bank holiday, nowhere to go and nothing to do 
is back from holiday 
Vacation is over. 
im upset that now my holiday is over! 
discussing a (very small) change in OTYS with one of our Czech programmers, they don't have a second Whitsun day... 
Relaxing...last days of holiday 
Up early ass hell  back on my grind! Vacation official over!
was up until 3 with a bad cough.  I love coming back sick from a vacation 
@essteeyou I know the feeling about coming back to work after holiday oh too well 
@muscledit It was so lovely meeting you guys!  Even I'm depressed your holiday is over.  
so bummed...  but looking forward to seeing nick and then holiday
went on vacation now i am back 
Vacation is officically over 
@Lopsi awh where are you going on holiday? I'd love a break. anywhere. very jealous 
#murphy strikes  part 4: It is very sunny, and very warm ( 25C ) on a public holiday. But I have to work 
is tempted to brake her deal but doesn't wanna be all  if it goes wrong after the holiday
ugh its a public holiday and i conveniently forgot. wondering where i can get food- everything's supposedly closed... 
freaking out over holiday hw. and its only the first day of hols 
vacation is almost over 
I'm just sleeping at home... the best part is that I feel sick.  so yeah, I REALLY enjoy this holiday!
has the holiday blues 
I smell of holidays. I now want a holiday. Holiday. 
vacation almost here...so close and yet so far away.  visiting ur mom isn't really vacation anyway. hmpf.
# About to head back to work - the holidays over 
is drinkin lemondowneys and wishing she was still on holidays 
; i studied very much  i need vacations!! :G
@shanejewell  I'm sorry they crap so much.   I will have them buy you a Christmas gift.
No more vacation for me... 
@gotseoul I want a vacation too!!! 
never going to have any vacation! ever! 
vacation's closing to end 
@mrskopdan the means my holiday's nearly over before it's begun 
i'm so tired. i def need vacations 
Tis Poslaju wait until i have to go their counter send the item rather than wait them come our place for pick up maybe mosquito bite d 
@EmmaCL that's harsh. I really really am looking forward to the holidays 
Tis is annoyin no voice and my chest is so sore i'm afraid to cough cause it hurrt's 
just got the email confirming the cancellation of my holiday! 
I really need a vacation - but I can't afford it. 
*Really* wish I was still on vacation 
I get sangria tomorrow. And I have been reminded how much I love 60s music. And I don't want @violetvine to go on holiday 
holiday almost over 
it sucks when everyone else has to study and you're the only one on holiday 
is thinking i need a vacation 
i really wana go on holiday  someone take me to italy!!
Home is not as good as vacation. 
i need vacations right now 
@davidgallant  I'm bummed -- I'm going to be on vacation then!  
holiday is over 
i need a vacation 
@jiajiaaaaa sch's kinda tough on project =S poly all hands-on luh. holidays like no holidays one,,, 
@lawrencebrown  must be a sign you need a holiday !
blakkkk. stupid holiday organising business is tripping me out 
i'm bored  i want holidays!
Holiday coming up - so the weather has broken 
does anyone know a good place for meals on a public holiday? reservations we're cancelled 
@adambuchanan101 @NialMcKim @DavidPerdikou this is healthy shan, I just thought she was on holiday. But I've been blocked too 
Just opened a pack of small Cadbury solid eggs. They taste different after Easter 
My mac has awoken from its week long coma! i've lost all photos since Christmas though 
says it's a long and scary extended vacation  http://plurk.com/p/y2xes
so knackered from the gym, first visit since coming back from holiday 
On ferry home  why do holidays go so fast?!
@glendashley I guess  have you done your holiday homework :/
The wait is killing me...want to get a new PC but there are so many new things coming out...so I will wait until Christmas 
i think this is the worst vacation i ve ever spent 
@CarowTheDreamer me tooo  very looooong vacation!
cant make a hula hoop pyramid and is stressing about saving for her holidays 
back to work for me...vacation officially over 
holiday puuurlease 
@MarkoPolo87 twas yesterday  we got some good ideas though....and we're remaking Halloween in uni....wonder if they'll let us smash glass?
Holiday, holiday.. It's gonna end 
I'm sweating like craaaazy. Tis hottt here. 
i really miss my holiday.. 
I've only got 2 days of my holiday left! 
@heatherseed im goin to kelantan tomoro.. got weddings to shoot.. 
@pablosu working  I wanna be on vacation!
I need a vacation, but I have too many responsibilities. 
I cannot believe my vacation is over.    Transducers and bullshit, here I come.
&quot;A dog is for life, not just for Christmas&quot;  just wish their life wasn't so short 
My spellings gone on vacation 
@vinternals Don't talk to me about R35s ... I had a GT-R on order last year. Cancelled it just before Christmas.  ... drooooool
is cleaning.    not quite what I wanted to do on this vacation.
@O_TownMagicMatt ...vacation?  i don't know?  i hope he's not gone for good   that would suck!!! how are you?  drunk yet  ????
:O not going holiday now 
I can't believe this will be my last free week until Christmas break. bum-mer! 
Is upset that neil won't be comin on holiday 
ahh it saddens me to have to give like half my pay to dad  rich then back to being skintooooo. oh well it's for a good cause! holiday!! 
Not feeling too good  fevers suck, especially when on vacation
I'm going to need a vacation from my vacation 
I'm feeling cold and haven't eaten chocolate since Christmas...I want chocolate 
I love this Halloween episode. So much better than the creepy attic brother one 
i need money, i'm never going to be able to afford my holiday 
i miss kyle already  i hope i see him before he leaves for stupid vacation
I'll never get a summer holiday again! I work  loool, at least you'll be rolling in money! @slimthing19
@hugobrown are you on holiday? I miss you! 
What a week.... Vacation, moving, surgery, funerals... I adore sleep now more than evar 
@H2_TheMovie Halloween got banned in thailand  sucks..i wanna watch it so much!!
@Anime81 oh, and we must not have been good this year for Christmas to take so long to get here 
vacation is almost over. 
@yellebelle I'm assuming you're asking if my long service leave is over? If you are, yes, holidays over 
Works horrid today. Busiest it's been since Christmas and I'm the only one on the till  ...till 5.30
Just found out I am working all Christmas off new years eve back on at 6am new years day 
Santa cruzzz.....thn all night prty @ wetevr his name is is house....hehe.... I he was there 
Vacation is over 
i need holidays 
@jtotheho  have a good holiday 
This has been a fabulous vacation, but it's going to be over much too soon... and then back to work 
I need a vacation 
@Angiex33 oh that sucks  i think ours might have passed already! I came over there at Christmas last year.have u been 2 england before?
At the airport checking in... Vacation is officially over 
@fnemejia01 my hubby won't buy one for me, have to wait till Xmas...  
my target would be dead if he/she wasn't on vacation .... 
2/ I just talked to him and he left very quickly. I couldn't say goodnight with a kiss behind back to him  He is going on a holiday to
@MackenzieRosman have fun in cancun!! i just got back from vacation 
Holidays almost over 
Thats my holiday over 
Holidays are ending  boooooo!!!!!!!!!!
@BTMcClure I have..no siblings. Tis a lonely life. 
Just got back from a great vacation... so hard to go back to work 
vacation is over 
bored with holidays!!! 
I need to go on a holiday! I need a break.... Why do I have to work? 
@Kaulovesmangoes you idiot. haha i didn't miss you at all. have you started on holiday homework?  ttly haven't.
is hating how her awesome holiday went by so fast... 
But unfortunately a mid Winter Christmas is not followed by a holiday the next day 
@beckinelson cause its gonna cost an absolute fortune I bet flights will crazy prices around Xmas too  aww my parents might do the same...
back from vacation, 2moro back to work 
Seasonal allergies are kicking my butt today. Hopefully the meds help.  http://myloc.me/2UsF
i want to be on holiday now 
I have a week long holiday...no interesting books..or movies or places to go 
holidays for me now,...are just too exp to pay for 
I waaaaaant a vacation 
i feel terrible  . uqhh i hope i qet better . . .  s.o.t.d _ fall ; j. holiday .
i want vacation !!! 
unfortunately my vacation is over and getting ready to head to the airport  now to count the days till my vacation in vegas lol
@Blazex3 holidays? ooh we had no holidays  damn lol.
Just found out my dad got kicked by a horse while on holiday 
why does always rain when i'm on holiday 
@giblahoj I sure did go voting ^^ for the very first time. I hope you had a lot of fun on your holiday....I want vacation too! 
@flutterbye338 'Dear Santa...I've been a good girl this year, Please can I have a car for Christmas?' ...oh.. Is your Grandad not Santa?! 
vacation ended  ohhhhhhh, will i live to get retired?!
why is it Cream eggs are around all year, but seen as an Easter thing, when Easter eggs are only out round Easter 
Guuyyys, i need a vacation!! 
needs a holiday 
I broke on of our big mugs...it was a Halloween one. It is a sad day in the Salcido household 
@amberlicity I got mine for Christmas when I was 4, it was one of my first memories.  I loved it so much, but I no longer have it. 
@hellkelpie :: hey babe...  you gotta hate public holidays...
on holidays and bored already  plastic last nigtt was awful
Hates going to work on a public holiday! 
@commuter_dirge It's so depressing to work on public holidays 
but i dont want it to be 1am already. Vacation is over. 
@ayeshabilqis many thiiiiiiiiiingss!! LOL i need holiday 
@VonniiLuvsCB where u going? i want a vacation! 
vacation is overrrr! 
Vacation is over 
I have got the major holiday blues! 
Why are holidays not long enough?!?! 
I want to go on holiday. 
working on holiday 
after a relaxing holiday... here I'm back in the office... 
@fudgecrumpet I guess it was cheating slightly to use a holiday photo 
It's a holiday but I don't feel that I am having holidays cos I still have way too many stuff to do and I am like a busy bee! 
back from vacations....  back to the rotine
@IamIli me toooo! payah ku kan belajar ni. qualifying's a week after holiday! i study less tapinya. 
I need a vacation 
Holidays are ending soon! I'm sad! 
uggh :S i get to do some filming with my cousins company this holiday but theres a chance that it will clash with prom  hopefully not
I need a boyfriend and a holiday... None of them on the horizon! 
Upstairs neighbours played their music at 1000 decibels to announce their arrival back from holidays 
@ShaliniN aww no  I'm good thanks and you? we have a public holiday tomorrow
@krist69 I wish I could afford to go on holiday. 
i need vacation 
watching &quot;Last Holiday&quot;.  And feeling a bit of pain in the stomach. 
i want it to be recess already 
Wudnt mind a holiday 
bored wit holidays .. 
@parlai holidays... maybe 2 weeks in about a month. but since I have a patient, I don't really hace holidays  how long will yours be?
last day of vacation at lucknow. Already getting into post-vacation blues 
Vacations are almost over  Rutine is about to come back..
I can't wait for xmas eff a recession  http://twitgoo.com/tly9
#haveyouever spent hundreds of $ on Christmas gifts 4 someone who was  suppose 2 buy U a gift as well &amp; didn't recieve anything SMH  lolz
need vacation right now !!! bored !! 
3.0 delayed a day   like saying Santa will be a day late!
need a vacation 
my vacation is slowly drawing to a close  gnite!
@thisromantic my holidays are ending 
It's bloomsday!!!! Almost better than Christmas! I wasn't tipsy last night but poor girls  -anw
Tired wanna go on a Loooooooong Vacation 
Oh, and I want a public holiday too! 
@mirasupernova there is no public holiday here 
going to bed. Wish it were hols already. 
Enough searching for gifts ... back to work 
@soapydoc you know i dont know if we have that store here anymore i think it closed up here   i liked buying xmas gifts there
i wish it was halloween everyday.. and maybe christmas too. christmaween? hallowistmas? whatever. 
i'm learning english   almost holiday
@shandreen Heh, I quit after Christmas, too much time - guild dissolved not long after 
@StylishWanderer I'm really looking forward to goin' there but terribly I can't go this holiday 
Does not want this sneaky-inbetween-holiday to end 
I want to go on vacation. 
I want a gps for Xmas or my bday  I'm poor.
Ugggh- O's running a fever on vacation. 
I don't wanna grow old and alone  haaa. watching The Holiday.
@erikaANGEL   well as sooon as you get out b4 you go on vacation we NEED to hang out 
@teamDdemiLovato I mean it's so weird, before every vacation starts, I always get sick!! 
I need a vacation 
i never thought that this holiday would be such a  boooooorrriiingggg holiday 
Vacations... i need it!!!! ummmmm 
@sabah13 g.p. debate? i've done my research already but i haven't prepare for it. too many holiday assignments 
@soco1187 I am jealous of you. I want the new iPhone 3G S, but my contract isn't due for a renewal till at least Christmas. 
2/2 ...seems like vacations have me busier than ever. 
my sanguine ideas of a tropical holiday seem to be fading.. 
I wish I could go to a concert on my birthday. But there are never any shows here so close to Christmas. 
@PoynterJones i no, u can always tell when im on holiday, bloody rains 
Tis an awful day. 
@p3nguinprinc3ss oh the unrequited love. It really does hurt. Tis gonna get more painful as time goes on if u don't anything bout it. 
@fionaaa_ have you got a ticket yet? I need to get one but i'd have to wait till i'm back f'my holiday &amp; I bet it will have sold out then 
@sheow I bet you are, although I don't really want to know that you're on holidays. 
It's the 17th...  where's my iPhone update?!  I feel like Santa skipped my house.  
have to join commonwealth from monday now  joining preponed. i was looking forward to the holiday 
I've completed all my holiday homeworks!   But i'm still held captive at home 
Cancelling holidays 
@Broncogirl97 i wish i was goin on vacation. 
@LisaNoelRuocco liiiiisaaaaaa you need to tweet more. stop being on holiday!  haha
Really, really want to start writing something but I've gotta be at work in less than two hours... Vacation is a sham! 
@imogenheap Sounds like Santa Clause lost his deer. I hope he's following you on twitter. This will be a bad Christmas, otherwise. 
Holiday in 9 days!!!!! Needs to start packing...... only 2 days off until then 
@CheerGirl1009 aww that's really nice. i hope you feel better. i'm sick too.  and lawys before vacation starts too!! 
@idddy holiday. I don't know whether i should go. 
@pinkiecharm aww I am sorry your vacation got postponed. 
Months passed with a Christmas tree still up near me. &quot;Make a video, make a video&quot; swarmed my head, &quot;make one before it goes&quot;. It's gone 
vacation over back to reality 
Home from my holidays  its less than half the degrees here. brrrr
sooo tired, again.  Defo need a holiday 
almost forgot Cricket was gone today....was gonna save our watermelon rinds to give her!  Tis sad 2 go up there &amp; have no pony 2 greet me
http://twitpic.com/7nwhp - i miss this beauty, hawaii 08  I need a vacation..
i want a vacation!!!!!!!!! 
i want holiday so badly 
@desde_debajo how could u go on a vacation without me !!!! 
@sam2579 Wish I could! Gonna have to wait till Christmas. 
@eponymoushipstr go on vacation 
I need a vacation from my vacation...   but this time I want it to be all by myself!
@ikyduhlucunya i'm on my bad holiday  just boooooorririiinnngggg now on..
Wow.  It's finally hitting me now that since my dad disowned me on Christmas, i will miss out on a lot. 
Halloween left me paranoid and now I can't sleep 
i want a vacation 
missing my holiday 
has to choose between a split short vacation and chance for a publication AND a nice and long vacation and no publication-guess which one 
oh god, I really want an extension of holidays 
@BBBaumgartner so far, my staycation is working out great. 
i need more vacation 
@johnlegend I sooo need a vacation  You're teasing me! I could use a tan too, LOL!
Holiday is passing so fast  I want it to stoopppp.
mini vacation is over 
@LemonMurder wow 3 months for holiday? my longest holiday just not more than 3weeks 
Really need a vacation right about now... 
Then had to get 2injectionns for  mah holidays,, i cryeed 
vacation is almost over 
@KRALock I know.  I am sad too.   I hope they are better than the Easter one too.
returning home after a sunny holiday is definately rather depressing 
Only 3 days of holidays left before I'm back to work  but thankfully I'm still in bed.  http://yfrog.com/5k2nij
She has holiday whores 
@my4brats aww   boo. (so, they only sell 'em where u live during the holidays???)
@Rebstarbaby i needa vacation  loll
No vacation for me....surprise surprise... 
you get to have a holiday. a real vacation. cool. me? where to? 
Home from the beach, just a few more days of vacation and then back to work...I bet I've got a few hundred e-mails to catch up on 
is afraid of becoming a fatter girl in this summer holiday! 
@MissLaura317 Halloween even though I don't dress up anymore  lol But it's the year of the vampire so I must celebrate!
Completing imp updates for projects.  as some says when you go for a holiday your business goes for a holiday 
holidays but still working 
Holiday this evening yass head is fucking killing me just now but 
is deciding whether or not to have the other half of that cupcake...holiday tomorrow so maybe best if I don't. 
Home from vacation. It was really fun and i'm sad I had to leave 
Packing up and getting ready to leave. Vacation is over 
Sickness and vacations do not mix well 
I need a vacation. 
@b_richhh barrett I envy you. I'm not on vacation 
I need the holidays....so badly!! 
Christmas is far too far away  One hundred and eighty seven days.
I hate going to weddings by myself 
@stevemc11 nope. Tis gone unfortunately. 
On vacation and my cousins have to work. Lamesauce   o well just cuz im on vacation doesnt mean they are too.
....the worst holidays ever... 
vacation is almost over. 
i wish i was on holiday, somewhere hot too.  3 more weeks @LishyyBaba. (: x
@s_floresco less, actually.  we'll probably do the real camping vacation starting the 29th after the movers are done.
is going on holidays to lanzarote, but is wishing she was going to sanfrancisco  oh well!!
I really need a vacation!! 
@ememmyem Short holidays 
@orangesesame  When are you coming back from vacation? 
Getting ready for vacation to be over 
this is depressing. i can't go see @mitchelmusso cause i'll be on vacation 
http://twitpic.com/7v2t8 - This is the only picture I have of my last Halloween costume  
i'm missing nate so much... he needs to come back from vacation. especially tonight, it's storming. 
i dont want to turna around and not see the @mmitchelldaviss gifts behind me 
holidays boring nowadays 
screwww holiday homeeworkkk. 
My jump rings didn't arrive. No chain maille for my vacation. 
holiday is soo boring 
uuuhhh bored...now holiday but i'm not going to anywhere 
Just gave Santa a $20 and he didn't say thanks. 
my mam goes on holiday next week  to mallorca
I need to go on Holiday 
I need a holiday, I want a tan and some sunshine 
i want to go on holiday to somewhere very hot 
holidays coming and i still have no plan for the holiday 
@tinytim2701 I want to go on holiday to mexico so thought I'd sell em. but now there are too many bands I want to see &amp; I can't decide 
@LauraCorbieres You have me craving icecream now LOL I've been doing so well but since we got back from holiday I'm hungry all the time 
somethings been stuck in my chimney since 5am, and its not Santa 
i don't want sam to go on holiday,  desertion!
my holidays are almost over 
@nettieboom1 i'm not loving your keys vacation yet, boobie 
i'm back and it was a terrible holiday. thailand i'm not coming back again. 
Home from holiday last night and already the tan is fading 
Home from vacation...wow I'm burnt 
@wheresitallgo I moved to Santa maria 
Weekend's here.. but am not even close to finishing off work. Desperately need a vacation but can't do so b4 Blogertizeworld launches.. 
Vacation almost over 
missing the holidays 
Watching The Holiday... by myself  womp womp
@kirstenin got that book for Xmas and still haven't bloody well got round to reading it! 
Feels good to be home. I miss vacation though. 
Vacation almost over 
My vacation is almost over. 
argh!! holidays are ending soon 
my mum is getting her stuff ready  she's leaving tomorrow    booo im not gonna see her till christmas.. or maybe Halloween
To all who have ever tried to shop for gifts for me: I'm sorry I'm impossible to shop for 
@destructolabell I know, but it's hard.  The vacation high wore off.  I want to come back 
I'm so dead, I've many holiday hw undone 
Is in bed watching vegas vacation.. Haha wtf?? I can't sleep 
i really need this vacation 
@milo_69 I know I hate it... and Santa fe is the worst place for finding guys...  oh yeah my favorite fucking holiday lol
I'm craving being on holiday somewhere exotic &amp; hot!! 
having a well earned beer. dad left me to have it by myself  gahh holidays soon please
feels bored with my holiday  http://plurk.com/p/12mp6l
hurrry up holidays 
I hate packing  But holidays 2moro so im excited... xoxo
Pleaseeee extend the holidays!  - http://tweet.sg
really needs a vacation 
@JLSOfficial aww thats no good, i've just come back off holiday and i cant get on the site 
Vacation is already over!? 
I'm flying back to bmore in about one min! Vacation over 
Peevish. I'm waiting for next holiday and I hate uploading photos 
i am supposed to be on vacation right now. camping. instead i am sitting at my desk. working. blehhhhhhh 
Why am i on holiday for all @thesats signings?! 
 want holidays ... now! - B
i want to go see saving aimee but kathryns on holiday  who can i go with!?
@brownsmith  I had that over Christmas. Apparently just a cold gone to the eye, you can shake it without drugs in 7-10 days..
@melons_2009 I'm on holiday for my results 
@rache183093  this ruined my Christmas
no ideas for holiday 
My holiday went too quick oh well never mind! 
I need holiday  
@debxter I think they forgot about our gifts 
can't believe she's been poorly the whole 2 weeks of her holiday!!! 
Not going on vacation this simmer after all 
Vacation is over 
Halloween four!! I miss my best friend 
@Andreawk   you need a vacation!
could do with a holiday... october just seems so far away! Already my company are talking about launch of xmas shop only 183 days to go 
i desperately need vacation 
@Nicolaarthur that's where his mum and dad live now,he went over to surprise them cus he hasn't seen them since Christmas 
Just watched an hour of Cruise Holidays on Sky - I so should be on Holiday 
is back from holiday...lazy to work... 
i need vacation 
aww  realized harry potter comes out while i'm gone on my first vacation 
tired  I miss holidays.
Holiday plans are falling to pieces 
I need a vacation crazy part is that I just came back from vacation..maybe I just need a drink. Finally going to bed still no ginuwine cd 
@Jrose__ @mariamariaaaaa @kimberlyC__ i have your disneyworld gifts just sitting in my roommmm. 
Vacation over but not cold 
Attempting to get in contact with my creative muse... she has been on vacation for far too long.  I miss her...
I just watched the worst Halloween episode of The Simpsons! 
i want to go on holidays sooo bad 
I need a holiday... 
trying to work on my thesis during my vacation time!!!! it's just unnatural to be graffting during the holidays!!! 
@pussygaloria007 Aww no fair, Munly makes me swoon like a silly schoolgirl hahaha. Tis freezing and wet here  i need some gluwein stat!
in a boringg holiday 
Up and getting ready for a new day. Vacation is over 
is finally on holidays.... sorry I haven't twitted much lately been sooo busy and all 
@JessicaSunner I won't go on vacation as well 
i need holiday...   
In English with @poptartsandsex and @giddygiggles ... what is this? WORK? so close to the holidays? 
so, after a good holiday, I'm back to work. 
@LaSource_Hotel Your hotel is beautiful too bad there's no availabilities for this Christmas. 
never thought this holiday could be this boring 
Wants to go on holiday 
Vacation is over! 
@mcrmom614  Vacation soon!
This more than makes up for the vacation I won't be able to take with my fam, because now I have to pay for my own 
@mandiebear I promise.I am so tired today I think it'll be an early one for me too. Tis 4pm &amp; I'm stuffed  #blib
@sydney_holidays Thanks for those 
@LauralKGW It wouldn't be Easter in the Portland area if there wasn't rain.  I have 18 years of experience in it. 
3 days leave then Easter, no work for a week,  Except for the long list of DIY jobs to do at home, 
@jsamuelson I certainly won't exclude that. I might have some time over Easter - i'll put it on my list 
waiting for Easter 
feeling very happy with the giant box of chocolates that arrived this morning.  Easter is a wonderful but underrated holiday 
nooo more assessments.... now in holiday mode 
sitting bored... its 10.44 and i have no skl! its easter holidays  x
At home, enjoying my easter holiday 
i mean its a holiday, who wants to go to netball practise on a holiday??? Is she out of her mind?????? 
At birdworld and the place is full of kids, I'm the only one without a child in toe... Easter holidays for you 
@harrietlulu how weird. yesterday, i was thinking I really wanted to listen to Christmas songs.. not so strange I think. 
so... i'm new to this  I love when holidays come around but they can be totally boring :S
lord Ike likes Easter too 
Looking forward to a few days off for Easter 
@dhmorton Tis a mystery.... I'm hoping for a mini-displayport to displayport cable 
@purpleplant teehee i would so share if there was but sadly no it's really just holiday brain 
Packing to go on holidays!!! 
@dsloly Bought them lots of Easter eggs  Chocolate = seratonin = happy
Going to have a looooooooooooooooooong vacation for awurudu 
Working out discounts to make Easter just that bit more fun 
Loving that the only thing trending higher than #mesh09 on twitter is &quot;Easter&quot; 
@lolroy enjoy your holiday 
@RecipeGirl I can't believe how real those carrots look!! The Easter Bunny will be happy. 
So much to do in just a few days... but Easter soon!  I don't really get this twitter thing, by the way.
@karenstrunks Cadburys Buttons Easter Egg... we've eaten all the buttons already.   http://twitpic.com/2ygqb
Easter is 5 days away!  
I forgot how cute Easter could be...dying eggs with the kiddies all day 
still at work, it's going to be one of those long days again..  No complaining - Easter is here, business going well..  
http://twitpic.com/2yjoj - Easter eggs hanging  on Nowy ?wiat near the DeGolle circle- iphone twitting!
going to make some tasty Easter cakes :-D woohoo! it'l be fun 
@MissKatiePrice you must come on holiday to scotland - you can stay in the hotel i manage 
Is Santa with you? 
@babymoon4 I love you too! 
@janasalles This is my favorite Christmas song EVER.   ? http://blip.fm/~4jxqn
one week down, only one to go. why do the holidays have to go so fast? winter term coming, yummy 
@pappup Maybe if you continue to behave you'll get the doghouse for Christmas! 
Home for Easter 
Now watching nightmare before Christmas and coloring hello kittys 
@pussbackfoot absolutely exhausting - will need vacation from vacation! 
Just in case anyone was wondering-its 250 days until Christmas! 
Easter day for us here today... so relaxing on demand! 
Off to Easter picnic - slaughter of all kinds of animals incoming! 
shares Sigrid is painting the Easter eggs...   http://tinyurl.com/c4s9bd http://plurk.com/p/oysph
yeeeeey!!! holiday holiday holidaaaaay!!!!!!! i'm free 
@gmaddockgreene  thanks - did you get away or time off over Easter?
@RevzNexus a fairy, this Easter morning. dnt know abt later, but will let u know 
Just had a Romanian dish for dinner.. Celebratin their  Easter  
@BananasMel I love magic holiday!!!! 
waiting for holidays 
Happy Easter to my Orthodox friends!  Spending the day with family...
@pamwiles did y'all get to watch it last night?  He's GREAT!    &quot;It's a Christmas miracle.&quot;  
Is going to a Passover celebration today. A little late but whatever, I'm up for it! 
Thinking about booking a holiday 
is about to have Christmas dinner with all the trimmings! Three and a half months late but worth the wait 
beautiful day.... beautiful sun.... brightening inside and out  warming inside and out  ... happy Easter to all Egyptians 
@rockphotogirl Have a happy Easter Val! 
will send off the game design soon... perhaps it will be on shelves in time for Christmas 
Getting the day started.....tanning, shopping....getting ready for vacation 
it is Easter and i feel festive 
@OMGsuzanne is just being silly! I'm just enjoying my vacation. 
@mabeswife Thanks.  I learned at my mom's knee. Halloween sends me into a complete and total tizzy.
holiday,sun,sea and twitter 
@dannywood just went kayaking in Santa barbara harbor... 85 and sunny! I love my life too!  
watching the holiday .. relaxing 
@duckscratch it's a holiday if it falls on a weekday  If not then we miss out
@sarahdunys that looks sweet!! very jealous which i was on holiday 
back from a much needed rest over Easter kids back in school and ready for work 
@mcjim hope you had a good holiday 
is enjoying her mini mini holiday 
Hello twitter buddies!  Easter in Corfu was awesome! The best in the world! 
I hope everyone has a good holiday! 
back from holidays 
I don't remember the time when the weekend+Easter holidays were so wonderful as these 
i'm just waking up, i love holidays, it's so good 
back from an amazing easter vacation 
Floralia's Eve is like Christmas Eve. I can hardly sleep, imagining what joy tomorrow might bring! 
simultaneously updating twitter and facebook with skyfire. Tis grand 
the bank holiday weekend starts now! 
@sylnt Tis hard work typing when you have 5 eyes and only 2 fingers 
@MikeSouthon no worries. hope you have a great bank holiday weekend. 
A challenge for you all - suggest some good books for my holiday. I will need a few 
is looking forward to this bank holiday weekend! 
@vickixashton We could do  and awww, you on hols? 
Is tanned n ready for the bank holiday 
@juliaxgulia that is my ideal vacation right now. 
@julieb1975  this is from our friend's house. some people go overboard like Americans at Xmas. colored signs. streamers. it's ca-RAZY! 
Getting ready with @athornton1 for the Derby party! I feel like a kid on Christmas...so excited! 
@markhoppus happy #hoppusday I apologize that most reminds me Easter, ah I'm crazy if you have not noticed. 
Looking for a job is like an adult Easter Egg hunt... There's so many colors to try but you can only grab one at a time 
i love bank holiday weekends when people are home 
At busbys in Santa monica for part two or erics last weekend. Drinks games friends...it means good times 
@cassieventura If your on Holiday enjoy and have loads of fun 
@tommcfly Now you can have Christmas everyday  xx
Out on a bank holiday bender 
been playing some henry hatsworth and hitting the bank holiday weekend windows 7 install on my xps what a way to spend my holiday 
@deiknuo 'tis fun. Beer &amp; Carols at Christmas was even more fun 
@dwonder3 I have a bank holiday as well 
@hannnnnaaahh how can you be revising!! revise tomorrow its bank holiday  x
@tonesource I'm not in a good mood, and designing a magazine. You getting a bank holiday tomorrow? 
Listening to @jinime's playlist on blip.fm. It's like having candy when it's NOT Halloween. 
 recess!!!
Still accepting gifts 
@UnkPhoenix well Christmas came early!!!  
@misshelen20 gosh! you are up early on a bank holiday 
Ah, the bank holiday shift at work. What fun 
is having a cuppa and chilling... i lovebank holiday mondays 
holiday again 
@sidthelab so what are your plans seeing it's a bank holiday there and raining, well it should be raining it's a bank holiday 
Tired, But glad its a bank holiday 
haappy bank holiday  2 weeeeks. aah!
Yay for bank holidays 
I love the fact that it's a bank holiday monday and i can stay in bed 
@grekwood laze about ! It's. The bank holiday law 
ooo how i love a bank holiday  x
yeaaaah tangerang in vacation 
@Andph112 hope you enjoyed your holiday 
@joshtastic1 so you are like the rest of us on this miserable bank holiday.then LOL 
i loooooove bank holidays 
not ideal bank holiday conditions.. a little over cast and rainy but perfect for a lazy day with a dvd 
Working on a bank holiday, but I don't mind - it's all good fun 
@PoisonIvy69 Fine thanks, not long now till Christmas....I'm excited 
@lulazoid So vacation is good so far? 
Having a lazy bank holiday monday 
@jonathanbriggs glad to hear it's good bank holiday weather down there to 
has bought more holiday clothes 
@gashead Prowse? I got a Christmas card of him last year.  &amp; I wish I had the money right now. Saving for an apartment
nursing my scratches and bumps from Festivus mud wrestling. I swear there's still dirt in my hair but a good time was had by all 
@amberchase more gifts for you 
@o0ginger0o Tis me SharonP... 
Just watched the movie The Holiday. I had forgotten what a feel good movie it was!  Lovely evening. 
Watching The Nightmare Before Christmas &lt;3 Ask me if I care that neither Halloween nor Christmas is any time soon 
Going on holiday in 6 days  yay!
@shradzDeDevil cuz u have long summer holiday and in indonesia the summer holiday only last for 2 weks 3 weeks tops! haha 
has her holiday sorted, egypt yay! 
@qmuser  extended vacation , exellent! 
Celebratin' moms day with @susiepops, p.m. And my fam in Santa cruz, wine in hand 
@firqin That's the fun of being a pilot, you will be happy regardless you're on holiday or duty. Except if you're grounded 
@nanashambles - Short course or freelance bu? Although I must say that you better take a rest. Vacation and stuffs 
Looking Forward to my Holiday to Magaluf  ... except the fact people tellin me some not so good stuff .. x
@UberSandMAn love that game - kept me going over Xmas 
need holiday.. 
On my way to model in the 32nd Angels of Easter Seals fashion show;lots of fun for a fat girl! 
@bexiclepop it's called Valentines day. 
@lynnakay They are!  Fireflies are mid-summer Christmas lights.  And I'm hoping for a good year because of all the rain.  
i love weddings 
@GoatHerderEd Sounds like Thanksgiving at my family's house 
@JoelisGagafied Holiday! 
@bifnaked my dad faked us out when I was a kid with carob at Easter time. I remember feeling cheated. 
http://twitpic.com/5cndz - Holidays, rest, countryside, fireplace 
is waiting for holidays 
Holiday pics...glad ur having a well deserved, relaxing break 
Relaxing watch The Holiday .  everything feels fine 
@robsteadman Just some bits for my holiday 
5 days until holiday 
I have a new item to add to my Christmas list! http://tinyurl.com/q2hhgq isn't it prettyful? 
Finished brunch at mildreds now off to an afternoon at #insideout, some docs and an Xmas comedy 
On the best mini vacation everrr 
Sohooo ready for holidays 
@heisbeis118 i haven't seen it too... but i have red the four books in two weeks ;-) and i have no holiday...  i will buy the dvd 
Listening to the Nutcracker.  Who says it's only a Christmas thing?! 
@shaktijs dood fwd @gsik my gifts to him.. 
@gypsyroadhog I only love the rockers for the Christmas number ones 
@venustong coming for 11 days just for a holiday south island only though 
Listening to J. Holiday's 1st album..no repeat..straight thru..&quot;he's gonna put me to bed..bed..bed&quot;..literally..Gnite..(yes yes ya'll) 
cant wait for my holiday now roll on 
@ayraerae i'm doing good too  are you on on holiday?
@Hadramie 4 more days to go. it's a looong holiday you have 
@MrBeatnick and they've kindly put the bank holiday on my birthday too 
@alibalijeweller I certainly don't miss not getting scottish bank holidays 
@swedishmike mmmm looks good - a good one for the coming bank holiday i think 
is looking for holiday clothes 
really really loving j holidays &quot;thug commandments&quot; 
can't wait for the holidays  2 weeks and counting..
Is most definitley looking forward to a holiday clothes spending spree this afternoon  X
@wlwarriorsuzie ohh cool! That'll be a nice holiday for you 
@LenaSvenson I hope you have a blast on your vacation! 
i'm enjoying my holiday! it's really fun 
Waiting for the vacation to end with a blast!! 
@technotetris He's going to thailand for a holiday  lucky him!!
@amandafortier you can do it! but 11 on a holiday was an unrealistic goal. you have to set reasonable goals for youself 
@richardpbacon Is it stag weekend bank holiday, by any chance? 
Looking forward to a great bank holiday weekend,yay,need to finish making my bread pudding  x
got new ideas for vacations! 
bring on the bank holiday sunshine! 
@JDNX it must be the weather, when its hot i want alc-e-hole.  and bank holiday wk'end
i hate packing for holidays. looking forward to it tho 
Yay for fridays and bank holiday weekends 
@chrisgarrett Didn't even know it was a holiday. 
carnt wait to go on holiday!   x
one period left until the holidays! 
And yeah... here's to Bonk Holidays! 
il be leaving internet and my cellphone for almost 3days, starting now! vacation vacation! 
is getting ready for her hols 
Yay all done, just getting sorted then we are hitting the road for bank holiday rush 
Holiday at last...even jus 4 a few days. feels goooood   
@AprilAMiller Xmas tree a good analogy 
watching holiday showdown 
My three day weekend starts now!  Madonna &quot;Holiday&quot; ? http://twt.fm/125298
enjoy the bank holiday sunshine people 
Ah - the optimism of opportunity.... * sigh * .... and it's a bank holiday 
happy..  holiday is ocming now...
happy...  holiday is coming now....
@HollyJ2 enjoy your vacation day and the holiday 
@whitter86 i think you need a holiday in the caribbean again ! 
Vacation just got sweeter. Nailed the internship at @myjive, I start tuesday! 
muahahahahha #holidays now in #luxembourg for us the students!!!! 
@ChopBlack have a wonderful holiday 
looking forward to a holiday weekend with my husband 
@MsCarlaPauline that's great to hear. i hope you have a lovely holiday, even if you're laying low. 
@bridgebldr Tis a pleasure 
@Dachande663 and the bank holiday makes it all the more fun! 
wants money now i'm back in my overdraft. Holiday in 3 weeks 
Oh sweet vacation 
omgahhh. so ready for my vacation 
@MsV1959 on vacation...  
@BigIkeDogg sleepy time! Vacation from vacation please 
@brooksbayne Have a good vacation sir!! 
@houzhou I'm on a holiday after had finished my final exam last week..  but I should start doin my final project tho..r u in holiday too?
Holiday = Hallio day.... doesn't mean u don't have to stay at home, office mai hallera basyo bhane ni holiday huncha 
@jroo76 I never liked the Halloween buckets.  I thought they were a cop-out.  I wanted my toys! 
is making most of her vacation 
@KostynRacing This makes me want to work on our Halloween sets. 
@mandamonium harden ... the ... fuck ... up ...  Actually, I love knowing you guys are on holiday drinking wine - enjoy  #ambientintimacy
its okay to be fat on holiday 
@twinkle_x thankyou!  there's a few episodes I am dying to see... *cough* Pizzy!Christmas... LOL
@SidneyKidney your on holiday ?? jammy git LOL 
going to get my holiday snaps developed. 
@chrisoakley still posting to spaotp i see. i thought you where meant to be on holiday 
@jiahuisiau wow jiahui enjoy ur holiday and have fun!!! 
holidays!!!! I love it 
