Most common words for this cluster:
[('home', 1315), ('phone', 31), ('house', 26), ('lol', 26), ('baby', 24), ('friends', 24), ('mom', 23), ('car', 21), ('family', 16), ('dog', 15), ('ill', 14), ('com', 14)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'home', 0.968842625617981), (u'house', 0.6094818115234375), (u'Superfast_WiFi', 0.596388041973114), (u'Resident_Connie_Bushman', 0.5256839990615845), (u'bedroom', 0.5238680839538574), (u'homes', 0.5216661691665649), (u'Adriana_Solis', 0.5193473696708679), (u'asked_Raechelle_Groce', 0.5082364678382874), (u'lakehouse', 0.5071163177490234), (u'Kazemi_texted', 0.5064471364021301)]





I don't want to walk home in this snow. Who wants to pick me up? 
my baby just went home 
@alessandrod: dude.. hope you guys are alright, except the home/car 
so bored.. still no internet at home. 
mum, where r u? your beloved children r hungry and starving at home  @superfluidstate
i am so hungry, but my lunch is in my refrigirator at home 
Sitting in my car, waiting for my mum to come home. I'm locked out 
@itslacey hey girlie. sorry you're having so much troubles with getting home!!!    have a safe trip!!!
@28parkave ... but either full or 2 expensive - no space at home 
@holly_Dougiemad my mum could have droped you home 
just realized i forgot my lunch at home 
I forgot my phone at home 
LaKuata: good morning! well I had an appointment but..my car won't start  I'm stuck at home
@ConfessionsMom I would LOVE to be a stay-at-home mom.  Right now I work outside the home   Thanks for checking it out!
is missing his friends from back home.. 
How do I carry boxes home on a bike? I can't. Have to make two trips 
i am bored at home with no camera, or friends online. aw. 
my bestie ran away from home 
I want to invite my parents to my home,but my wife don't agree with me  
just got home... can only tweet from the web until may 15th 
Home sweet home. I'm so glad I came back to warm, sunny weather. I miss my boy though 
soooo bored. left my phone at shauns. no one is home. 
ordering jets breadsticks with ranch. sitting home for the night. i wish i could see my baby. 
Sitting, waiting for the parents to finally come home 
bored at home sitting on my laptop 
at home without my queen     
@joebobhawkins we've decided that home improvements are best left to the professionals 
@stevejankowski lol.  I wish I were able to sit at home making money  haha
home alone....just me and the pup.....lonely 
Finally heading home. Virgins cancelled tonight 
the gf just got home....i think she hates me 
home.  but exney with the phone. 
i just want someone to come home to 
@beethequeenbee Night! I'm getting home now... 
home. I think I left my jacket somewhere 
i'm at home while my boyfriend is at the club. i wish i was there with him 
@zubinlalani @manishbodhankar : You guys atleast have the comfort of home available 
hating being home right now wouldn't of come home if it wasn't for mel and a few others 
is looking at a home, on the streets. 
Missing my friends from home. 
 i have the flu i feel horrible... @roly50100150 please come home i feel bad
is back home from the lovelllyyy hotel  listening to sufjan and being mopey
Sitting at home doing laundry.. 
Off to work...boyfriend going home.. so sad 
at home w/ a fever 
Just got home from church. I left my phone here 
at home with a sprained ankle 
sleepyyyyyy but on the phone and home alone 
Is waiting for dinner why is nobody home yet 
on the plane home.... 
my son has gone home  we had such a great time , i'm missing him already 
@anahavana She can't help it. She's chasing me now, and I have now found out i left my wallet at home 
just got home from urgent care 
sitting at home ill 
is having a high fever @40C, resting at home.... 
my stepdad is home!! 
At home ill, very bored 
Just got home from house hunting.  Not much out there 
@reviewerx i'm home &amp; online but i don't see you anywhere 
My rents just got home and are literally screaming at each other 
@_spacepilot I have to get home first am waiting for a taxi  then I think I'll go to sleep
i hate being home alone during a storm 
Heading out to shoot the sunrise - then home and back to work 
I'm so tired!!   waiting for my honey to come home so I can zzzzzz
sitting at home wishing he was well enough to go ride a bike 
Is at home with a swore neck  lol
@ home bored 2 death 
@KacieGorman i called you! at home and on your cell. i think you disapeard. 
sitting at home...and not so sure about life right now! 
@Purevenge baby you should've come home with me  i miss you already
@mileycyrus, also i had a poppy that i was very close to that died in 05 from cancer too. soo ur song i miss you really hits home 
Just came home to an empty house... 
Just came home from my friends house. We were going to make a video, but we didn't. 
With my brother in home :s    he`s noot exactly like i want it
sleeping over at katrinas. I hate being home alone!! And now my dog is home alone... 
@LaiDAShian my moms mad again because i told her ill be home 12:30 &amp; i came home at 1  &amp; i cant believe they ruined the surprise too!
@vicchi I find orange mobile broadband v reliable. And it's the only signal I can get at home so hobsons choice 
is sitting at home with a small depression 
still no connection at home...  
wishin i was at home with my fiance  miss you baby
babysitting. i'm so fuckin ill  be back home later.
Leaving beach....headed home 
@ home, but my heart is there at church. still not physically ready to leave home! 
This pedicure was very much needed. Now back home to work. 
at home  i wish boogie bear was with me. i love you baby girl
Wish my baby were home already. 
at home eating gross fruit slad 
Phase 4. The drive home.  snb foreal.
at home taking caRe of my baby..he's sick 
not looking forward to driving home from lithia springs 
@freemissryder come home already  life is SO boring without you around
i just got home. i sold my truck, i miss it already 
i have come home to an apartment with no internet! 
is running last errands before leaving home once more 
My hubby just went home 
Realizes how much happier I am at home w/ my family, if only I could spend the rest of my life at home! 
i just got home from dance. soooo sore 
miss my home! 
is in the airport .. going home 
finishing up a take home final then more cleaning 
i'm going to stay in my home,  i miss my mom :'(
LOL. I know I made the mistake of sleeping when I got home 
Just got home from the dentist...feeling blahhhhhhhhh 
Just got home, and I didn't get drunk.  
Missed my train home ah 
I am going to miss my home... 
I have just got home for the second time. I love it when you get home and then realize you took the van keys home with you. 
I'm not on tour with skyway. I am sitting at home, bored 
@antdeshawn just can't tweet away from home or no wifi 
bye, home. i'll be back sooner than you think. 
My tattoo is itching and I left my A&amp;D at home 
@breagrant I don't like it when I have to work during the warm  came home to work out and it was chilly
@LaBellaHustler I feel you. I'm at home relaxing now. I should be out partying but I'm a square 
just got home from my grandparents' house and still feels sick  inspired though~
Just got home, finally I felt home sick 
back home from hoggene... may fest was cool ... tired like a dog 
dads was fun. now home again by myself 
At home.... feeling ill 
Home sweet home, philgrant was very confused, missed the start of the F1 
At the airport coming home. I'm only doing this because delta told me too, I'm not happy about it.  http://twitpic.com/4wyft
waiting to go back home to no power 
on my way home! I miss my family 
just got home from work n no-one is home 
aunt just went home.now i'm all alone in the living room 
Omfg! I'm crying, my brother is doing really bad, he had to go to the emergency room he can't walk, and i'm home alone. 
@philclarke sitting in traffic 100 meters from home  thanks for letting me know why.
Says great first fight since i've been home. I haven't even been home a week yet.  fml.
cousins are going home... so sad 
LAX...cousins are going back home to the Philippines 
@FrankieTheSats not a very long stay at home 
The poor neighbour kitty had to have her leg amputated.  I guess she's in a foster home now, but I wish I could have adopted her instead!
@heroicfools I didn't get mcdonalds! I was chillen at home and he came home with it, so I had to eat it  but I've been good since then
Headed home..sober 
Sitting outside my house waiting for my mom to get home ahh no key. 
sitting alone at the new home. I hate moving. I miss my grandma already 
where's my mom?so bored in home 
I didn't  I figured since I'm only driving up to ride my horse and driving back home I won't be able to help afterall, I'm sorry 
my life seems so much greater than i thought. didn't know that til i missed home so much 
I'm the only one left at home again.. 
Just got home to an empty house 
Going home empty handed 
just got home &amp; my brother dislocated his knee  i feel sorry for him!!
@MelvilleB the dog of our neighbours also did this when he was alone at home. This is really disturbing, I know this 
had some pizza, and now we're heading home 
I wanna go home. The home where my heart it  taylor i love you
It's too hot outside.. I hate being locked inside my home 
at home with a sore throat 
My husband brought home the cutest pug puppy that gave the greatest little kisses..then he to go back to his home 
Is hoping that dad will bring me some bubble gum  when he comes home can't walk to the shop  to far there &amp; back 4 me 
I just got home.... I wish tonight wasn't over yet 
Is sitting at home incredibly tired and now with a sore throat   
just got home, the mother is gone now  i miss her already! whos going to clean my apartment now!? hahah
Ah home alone the whole. I hate waking up to an empty house 
With two sick children at home  Hopefully they will sleep well tonight (so I can sleep too ;-))
my auntie went home 
woo just got home from ball ....the sky is crying because u left me 
i'll wash the dishes now.. it sucks. i need my mom at home.. i miss her 
at home, about to start some research for a paper. 
At home! Going to work on project soon! 
@AyeshaM13 you're busy with your show.  I miss you, and I want you home now.
also: i hate coming home to an empty house 
Trying to find a mobile home lender. Not having much luck so far! 
@switchfoot Boys!!! You stopped following me and I lost you!!  I miss home &amp; I miss you! xx
home again home again - pity no wemb yet 
heading home to do assignments 
8 more sleeps, need to come home now 
I don't feel like going home right now, but i miss my mom 
@queenofsheba1 I know  I'm thinking of another pet one I could leave at home- or a really tiny one I could bring to work?
sick at home or should I say at Fonzies office 
never ending stomachache  *im on my way, home sweet home*
Off to work soon  Wish I could pull a sicky and stay home.
Feels unwell and is going home early 
back home - :s feeling like a squished tomato -  
so sleepy. family is leaving to head back home 
i want my tramps home 
ill at home 
@TheRealSugaloso just stuck home drinking tea 
has been driving her little car around but had to leave her at home 
@manuortiz amazing! It was so much fun...You're in the library working and I'm still home, I overslept 
we are sad because mom is not at home 
Working at home writing reports 
going home.feeling terrible  born/for/this;
Wishing I hadn't forgotten my banana at home.  I am hungry.  
Boyfriend is home... He doesn't feel very well 
Why did i park in a carpark i can not find  i want to in home
just got home from the hospital... my grandma was admitted. 
Still driving home... Should've good to bed when i had the chance 
ugh....had fun at the club now im home n lonely.... ohhh the horror  so not cool...
@gem_ren can't on the drive home 
At home in bed ill 
@bytera  piano and cello in my home...collecting dust 
went out for breakfast with my sister, now back home to study 
so much for going home first before meeting @danielloo 
@kaylynbeda that phi delt...he graduated and went back home to buffalo 
he always gets the train home 
just got home from dorm-hunting. Badluck man! 
just got home from the hospital! worried about my princess! 
home sick...ugh. feeling awful! 
just landed back home....... back to life, back to reality 
I left my wallet at home 
i saw 3 deer on the way home!  so sad they have like no home anymore 
My woman is very sick and I'm not home to take care of her 
home now. tired and hungry. wife's still out somewhere. sad. 
at home with migraine 
Just got home ... I already miss the bay  
@nodgarb But I can't have @Lionnesss bring you home for me in a doggy bag. 
Just got home from baseball and it sucked, we lost horribly... 
Wishing my husband was home with me.... 
what is up with my cat lately and biting me?? Really worried about him b/c I haven't been home much lately. 
I hate not having anymore text messages. I feel so disconnected. And I'm not even home yet. 
Going home to do more tests! 
There's like no food at home  I'm making myself noodles instead x]
soooooooo sad im leaving my roomates soon  back home to mom and dad for good..
is still missing her husband.    I really want him home.
@BarbSchaefer yearling in pet home died... very sad for their whole family  
Just saw a fox!  as i was getting on the freeway... I hope it goes home 
just got home after killing a possum 
My baby was so drunk I brought her home for an hour to pass out then carried her to the car 
@kevindavis1914 @taylorblack said no  ...she'll b @ home in 5mins to tweet u lol
imissu, come back home now honey 
just got back home with my disappointing report card 
is upset, I left my phone at home again 
is upset, I left my phone at home again 
working from home and ran out of coffee! 
Going home to get clothes 
tired and bored, watching movies while i'm home alone 
Just about to eat, home made indian food is boak  x
@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed. 
.@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed. 
@danger_skies miss you too :'( it is!i never want to come home.....seriously 
Just sitting waiting for my husband to get home 
not certain if it's good to be back home or not.  dropping of car rental now though 
About to go on 6 hour journey home 
i miss our walks home together 
at home and sore knee 
OooooOOOOO @golougo  but you just said you were dancin at home.  so doesn't that count?
I didn't bring my pokemon with me I forgot them at home 
.@throwedmind210 No sun  but I can see the ocean now..I almost ran over a squirrel driving home from the store, was so foggy! Where r you?
Watering the plants at home. Drinking a delicious smoothie from morgans because my jamba exploded. 
@djeebus i cant drink cause i dont have a dd to take of home 
i need to speak with @sofiedeville! but i left my phone at home 
Home now. Some invaders have taken over my base 
home sweet home-hate to come home to an empty house    where is everyone?
Staying home is nice - unless you REALLY wanted to go out 
On the bus going home. I've got the sniffles! 
Vacation is almost over   I am not looking for the long ride home.
i need a new book  at home. alone. singing all by myself.
@dramadork001 finaly home myself. @lakernation pipers was packed couldn't get a seat. 
just got home, really tired  mikes was fun though! lol
Just got home. Now doing laundry 
Lakers advance! And i'm home alone 
Wants to be at home. 
@keeda well i am at home, down with fever 
@KIMBOSLICEEY i can't! i just had a beer @ home. 
It's weird not having a selection of cars at home to drive. 
or its like the strangers and i'm about to get cut up because i'm home. 
@SuzanneReed I wish I could say I've lived somewhere 19 years. I'm tired of moving around.  I need a home.  
I wish I was at a club instead of at home folding underwear 
home from netball- so tired! 
@onebabyzebra why did you leave me? I know dying was your choice but...I want you home with me 
@jeans29 i agree. i just got home. i didnt see you 
i dont know where my family is  im home all alone
is at home, doing assignments; yet again 
i miss loosewomen on a weekendd  @McGiff haha! i'm so sad i even come home for dinner to watch it lol!!!!!!!
mmmmMmmMMmmMMmmm....... want to go back home  and also need sleep
I tried home depot @dozi1 and they told me they dont 
1 hour to go and my shift will be over, I will probably go home since it still raining 
1 hour to go my shift will be over, I will probably go home since it still raining 
@DHughesy at home, trying to finish an assignment 
If i were at home i would be out in the sun, but instead i am stuck at home, indoors bored!! 
Going to the funeral home to make arrangements for my dad 
home and...going shopping 
@faffyfoo I'll try but my home computer is broke 
is going home now. It's bloody stuffy here. 
Waiting for the other vehicle of the carpool...they left the tickets at home and went back to get them. 30 minutes behind so far 
horseback riding! then heading home 
I'm going stircrazy at home, but seems no one wants to head out 
@KateHartman7 I stopped by but no one was home. 
argh I'm so gutted about those photos  waiting for the bus home, won't get back till 20 past 10 :| haha
i miss my friends     so bored at home
home from a partay...had some good last goodbyes...quite sad though 
just got home from the adoption event @CASPCA - saw so many doggies i wish we could have taken home! 
Watching old home movies makes me sad  I want to go back.
It's sad to come home to know tweets. 
It's sad to come home to no tweets. 
My munchkins  are gone. . .home alone 
At home chilling listening to music and now bord 
Home now!!! mmmkay well actually been home for a couple hours now...I miss my sister 
no win...  finally going home. exhausted!! too much to do still...
just walked my girlfriend back home and i am bored. 
My allergies are getting really bad. going home hope my sister is still home. i was suppose to help her 
Hoping my baby comes home soon 
Is sitting at home bored out of my mind  
at home procrastinating... husband working late 
@teresacao I'm home bored  my parents are leaving soon
Going home  http://twitpic.com/6b155
In rjs car lying down wishing was at home 
home...my baby must not love me no more  lol
Giants lost  driving home.
Staying home alone without your rents is lonely 
is at home, now has to get ready for the presets. farrout 
I don't like it so much when burglars break into my home 
My mom still isn't home. I'm worried. This must be what she feels like when I'm out and don't text her 
it's over!!!!!!!! now the long train home 
just came home to an empty house. i feel so unloved 
is sad that her friends have gone home 
at home, with the dog 
@laylool I keep trying to follow you but then I go back to the home page and the following i did goes away. sad 
@JitterJorge: everywhere except home  I actually sorta miss my bed now...
i have to leave my pillow home 
On the train home.. Bombers lost badly 
just got home and cant sleep 
@MsDee821 I know, right?! #fuqtwitter is totally a home wrecker 
leaving home fml! not coping 
Waiting for @eye_an to come home 
why do the closed captions randomly pop on randomly?! they make me miss home 
why do the closed captions pop on randomly?! it makes me miss home 
back to chennai!!! already missing home food! 
miss my home so much 
At home... And i freakim cant sleep 
just arrived home from the bank.. still no salary yet... im broke.. 
home alone, only with my maid. 
Vacation's over, heading home 
seing up with my friends. going home later 
heading home  miss you already, braintree.
waiting for my baby to get home....I miss him 
Just got home  back to reality
Heading home from the shore 
Building my website.. I wish my doggie was home.. 
waiting for my friend coming home 
back home, vacation over...reality setting in 
my friend @NaomiL413 just went home from my house 
Ugh I hate my body! I need to go to the gym, too bad I'm stranded at home without a car 
99% sure I missed my flight home. @airtran , help? 
Missing the parental unit (my mom) I can't wait to get home 
@adidas09 I know!!!   @wynk will bring some home for you I'm sure if we go though!
Sending bree back home. 
i am home and i miss all my friends  124ish
shower timeeeee! my best friend needs to come back home. right now. 
Heading home from the beach...  
I want my little girl to come home already 
found a dog wandering around...brought him home to call the owners...i rly should have thought it through...now he won't leave me alone.. 
at home with a toothache.  
Wants to be relaxing at home 
@fhnixon aw baby! and home is waiting for you too! ps...you always leave out lillett-skillet 
One more stop then back home to finish up yard 
I wish I was at home taking a nap 
Still no one's home... 
Driving home  hahhh i dont want to leave tahoe!
: wishing my suitcase was bigger so I could bring my lovers home with me. 
At home! Looking for a new job! 
@saffrontaylor just thinking that I am am probably further north than you are ;) lol I am craving the sunshine from back home!! 
i love it here... i feel like home really isn't home, without my husband there. back to ohio in the morning, unfortunatly 
Literally shaking because I hit a bird on my way home..his wing is broken  I brought him home with me
home..... go to sleep....my ears are hurting 
i miss home  i dnt wanna stay at home. I need to sleep (
booking my flight back home soon 
making that long drive back home 
Is allmost home after a long search for a missing aircraft. It was found status 3 
home at last. unpacked and laying on my bed.... grandma will have the twins home any minute now 
company is shmoozing me to stay  but work from home. (
sitting at my desk and wishing I was at home with hubster!! 
just got home from the trip  it was fun but it's very very HOT there 
is on bed rest but working from home  
@ home with my busted arm 
fucking allergy!i'm sitting at home with heat and sneezing 
at home not in the hospital any more(: in so much pain 
is back home, no more being by the sea 
is bored at home. Holidays are such a drag! 
@andrewcamp booo i'm sorry, but i am not going home on break 
Oh man I need to get my arse home 
D'oh! I left my headphones at home. 
is at home ill  ... what can i do when im ill?
@RogueFrenchFry I left my earphones at home 
left my phone at home, so i'm sad 
Is headed home from the lake 
Still missing my home boy. 
must walk home. fear will melt. 
so what's for lunch twitterland? i've got a home made snadwich 
i wish that my mom was home. 
home server is down!  Drives me crazy! 
@tswizz i have the best recipe but it's at home 
I forgot my phone at home! 
is still waiting for hubs @bigdotmedia to come home...  
back home..   storms lookin pretty nice, too bad it'll prolly miss us to the south  
Just got home. I was locked out in the heat 
left my phone at home 
just got home from softball. we lost again 
@ home... watchin extreme makeover... this one's sad... 
NO, my dad's home! 
Wants to be at home 
Aliens won't carry me home? 
@stephaniewaller dang that is my favorite movie and I'm not at home! 
just got home (:  miss you too @jonasxoxolove 
home.. My fingers are hurting 
sitting at home  hating life.
already ready to pass out, and i'm not even done until 1. my bed never looked so comfy, and its not even close to my bed at home! 
waiting for my plan to take me home and to work   
to send my magazines home or to give them away... they're so precious 
biking in atherton neighborhoods, then yoga at home.  new peugeot definitely needs an overhaul. 
home sweet home. Taking my car to the collision shop tomorrow 
argh, nan's home :/ no more music 
argh , gran's home :/ no more music 
I appear to be doomed to be without internet at home forever! 
damn it! I was all excited about coming home to the cook and the chef, but it's only tuesday! I've been working too much.... 
is just sitting at home, bad sunburn!  its not good lol
just got back from the doctor and is home alone 
1:45 AM just got home and ready for bed... and yet again... no bubble bath 
@SharmaineB I have 8 animals at home. I simply can't afford to take on another 2 
back ick went to bed at 5 n got up at 12 :L all well back home now 
going home. don't feel good. I'm very dizzy and I'm losing my vision 
is at home and ill, once again 
I am upset that it is raining because it is holding up my patio project at home. 
Morning.......just got home from the doctor and feeling very violated 
home early. in a sling 
I want my kitten to come home 
I forgot my iphone at home. I feel naked without it 
@agiletortoise the van may become you're new home 
-.- I have no idea...I'm just sitting at home alone  lol BORED!!!!
is relaxing at home with the whole family in bed watching TV... we are all sick 
You are an incredible human being.... I miss you, come home 
@Gemdread I didn't go   mom went to the hospital so I came home.
phone is broke, hitme up on fcbk or home # 
@veronica11258 her and her sons were killed in their home 
heading home....  confused about what to do when I get back to reality...
left my pen at home 
sitting here waiting for my boyfriend to get home 
Walking home from the dufferin bus alone is always super sketch. 
Feeling really miserable, wishing I was at home 
Headed home  What a trip!
I am tired, but can't sleep. I miss my puppies at home 
Please, go home naaaaaa. 
I have a dire craving for lemonade, but I just got home and don't want to go out 
hopes bum will reach home safely. Roads are slippery. 
I'm on the bus home and all I can think about is how hungry I am 
@ElizaClaireUK tired of j being at home and the arguing and then having to nag him to fill in forms 
Staying at home for now, no swimming. It's raining. 
Just got home from the mall. I haven't been tweeting for a while. 
I'm relaxing on the couch with my brothers.  I'm glad they're home, BUT they are too lazy to change my puppy pad and it stinks in my room 
I hate leaving my dog home  lol
Driving home from the beach 
is waiting for the hubby to come home 
Just driven my dust covered car home  
hey just got home. i was planning to chermside it but, my boss will have left 
I miss my friends from home so much 
I forgot my charger at home 
just got home  but no one is here  i hate being alone! i miss ru ru
uggh madd bored home alone no plans 
Car and me back home - with a really heavy invoice... 
went to the gym finally, got home and dropped my laptop on my foot  owwww.
i feel like i'm going to faint. i wish i hadn't left my burger at home 
At home with two sick boys 
@paulOr  - I think I was too late for the toast as I fell asleep before @rossknight got home 
@manamanot i nak also! at home club. but no $$ 
How does http://www.bing.com know my home address?  
i want to eat my burrito, but i left it at home 
Walking home I have Allisons keys 
bored waiting 4 mom to come home 
I'm bleeding profusely because my cat decided to freak out when the printer came on.  This is what I get for coming home for lunch.  
i want my brother to come home from the cinema.. i miss him 
stupid weather  parents are staying home
@CuddlyAlex first match,home ground and they lost! 
Missing home and my mom 
is at home and doesnt know what to do without her computer 
I always forget my lunch at home 
 I can't waite to I have a hubby and little one to come home to
My grandpa is doing so good but he's also depressed  i wish he'd hurry up and get better and come home
home early....waiting for @geen82 to come home and let me in..i feel like a dog 
is at home with no broadband and feels very cut off.... 
i'm going home right now, bye computer!!!!!!!! 
I just want my friends to come home 
is tabbing out and going home to fix her computer. 
just drank three beers and now home alome 
Should have been home by now  at least we're up to about 20 mph now...
just got home from vacation 
it's lonely now that the people i talk to dont want to talk to me..  ive just been sitting around at home alone.
my mom just called and said i had to come home to do dishes 
it's raining right now here in manila...i think i have to stay home 
I just want someone to come over!  dad's home.
my baby is sleeping in my room...too bad my parents are home  lol
ugh, just back home, my neck is killing me and i have to play house wife again  summer is killing me!!
My parents get mad that I'm never home. But when I am home I try n talk with them n they don't even pay attention! So frustraiting 
@lanceriprock how's indulj? I just got home from bmore like 30 min ago 
is at home, all by her lonesome  .fearLess.
just at home, wishing someone would text me 
I miss my kitty, had to take her home. 
@ebassman have a blast at my old hangout spot...damn I miss home 
I'm at home now...away from the glorious internet. 
home is nice. but i'm bored. i want to go hiking! why's there no hutans here? 
home sweet home. so burnt from today  i'm ready to pass out
Just got home from pueblo 
@TiksHI: I did my girlfriend gave me a box upon her coming home n now I'm hooked crappola 
about 30 minutes from home   just passed gallery burniture.  ....too soon?
had 2 make sure @tonyboy702 n mukediggler made it home safe. they cool....my dog swervin all faded, not cool lol but 
just got home and needs to be up for her marathon at 445  
I all alone at home with my dog. Sighh. I don't know what to do!! 
just got back home from tennis. trainer said i got really fat! 
is at home...with no one to play with 
cleaning the hosue home alone 
trying my hardest not to be distracted at home with food! need. to. work. 
is unhappy...such as a prisoner in my own home...  http://plurk.com/p/yuvgp
not just home.....home alone   and the cool type of home alone with ellaborate capturing of sterotypical burglars
Sadly I think I'm going to have to leave my phone at home to charge. 
@TheYoungDiva  u shuld take some rest @ home .. u r not fully recovered yet
Is headed home from falls creek  27 disicions awesome is all i have to say!
wow..I'm rather far from home..  gas tanks almost empty..what if I don't make it home?! x_kristie
at home with a poorly baby missing out on a wedding reception  What shall I do???
left the phone at home 
so at home watching the hills.. don't want to get out of bed.. 
 Ever since my brother got married, I feel so alone at home. Even though we seldom communicate but he's presence at home is enough.
Feels so good to b home! Missing my family already 
At home alone watching a movie 
Going home on the bus 
home from the bahamas  i already miss it
needs @beckybuckwild to be back home 
I miss being home.  i miss all my friends. I miss sleeping in my own bed. I miss my dog.
is waiting up for beck to come home - she's forgotten her keys again 
i miss my best friend already  coming home now.
Is sitting at home missing her sweetheart!!!! 
moving house is so tireding...miss my home 
sitting at home. I really miss my baby 
Lonely Saturdays waiting for the husband to come home 
@arwyn84 no, left my phone at home 
Is tired.drunk on the nightbus home 
@savageface i miss you too  i cant believe we've been home for two weekends already!
home very tired miss him already 
lol @HauteFuss cant now I aint home. when i am home you no on 
made it home (Y) after 6 hours of no standing we made it. home sweet home. but there was a kuffufel with the dog  he's all better now.
siting at home crying about life.... 
@suddentwilight haww... you're not even considering our hypothetical home sweet home? 
Home sweet home. Finally! But no ones here 
Just got home from lunch. @musicjunkie11 i'm not yet ready 
Wishing my man was home 
Just got home from a friends wedding! Just a reminder of how lonely I am...boo-hoo!!!  
We don't fix my home computer 
@Enamoredsoul i hate sitting at home on weekends. going back to sleep now 
So I am walking home, I should have brought the camera 
I miss my hubby.  when is if coming home to me!
saaaave me...  going home to maybe sleep
mom, dad, come home.. i'm home alone.. i was scary 
My car is home, why isn't yours? 
missing my friends  i just want to be at home.
soo good that the storm always comes when i'm at home alone  the thunder is so formidable..
My home nets down 
my moms making me go to church and letting my sisters stay home. 
why has gone away  home alone  360 marathon?   
first night in new apartment was rough.  i must make it more home-y 
Heading home. By port a 
I hear children. Which means I'm not home alone. 
Aw man, it's raining  enjoying conneaut for a little longer then heading home.
on the long ride home....so sad 
@SiriuslySmitten I cried on the flight back home.  I miss you and love you too!
home from the cottage....and burnt 
Driving home from the beach 
@Ms1stLady ooo  iwill finagle when iget home
heading back home... missing my bestie 
just got home . I NEED to charge my phone only 10% left aaaaah !  :|
at home with two sick boys.  I guess it made the rounds in our home.  
just hanging out @ home with a broken leg.. damn  
@IanJenkin lol aw i was hoping you'd be in there long enough to do a few home improvements!! 
Just got home i really want to go to my dads 
About to start the journey home. 
camp!  so excited but i will miss home 
Heading home. Apparently my moms never heard of A/C...its hot 
just home from annas.. i ate too much im so full now 
back home. fml 
LOL @JessiDavis_ no not me and @damonDCclark I see you haven't taken your medications since you were released from the nursing home! 
Aww...my family went home...now im by myself... 
Long beach = home sweet home. 
We lost in the last inning, 3-2   going home now
home from palm springs 
@sdotspider you know I live in an apartment! But i miss home! Immensly  
sad to be back home  coming back home from vacay is always depressing :p
At my cousin's house, can't watch the game. He thought it was on at 6 so he isn't home yet. 
on this long ride home 
Considering going home. It's freezing in here and there are no beanbags. 
Taking the kiddos home 
Just got home from shopping  I hate spending money
@heathenshearth wow, sad that the lost their cat  but they can have the triplets and give them a good home yay
I am tired, but can't sleep. I miss my puppies at home 
that was the longest 10 minute drive home ever....goodbyes are always the worst!  i can't believe i'm leaving home....  
Shiiiit forgot my movies at home 
doesn't anyone have a home I could live in... obviously no one loves me in mine... 
just got home and i have a bad cough 
I hate coming home to no food or weed in the house  I'm tooo tired to go out!
@Hurly_Burly almost home...apparently the game is unbelievably whack and I'm not missin much  So lame!!
just got back home. now doing tons of hmw 
going home.  missing the tony's 
Trying to get home to my baby 
Just got home from my dad's funeral. I'm sad 
6 gauge went home and cried 
Already packing up load one of moving home  The apartment looks so empty already!
Is gettin sleepy but doesn't want to go to sleep until he gets home  . So tired!
love the food at home. but ugh i eat so unhealthy up here 
eating at home and will continue with my extended essay soon.. 
just walked home  but i finished my film!  yay
has left her phone at home... feeling very lost now 
Sitting at home with a very sore knee unfortunately. 
@egdidwob my hair got curley  and i felt funny. so i came home.
@kingkathy lmaos, i have no tea at home 
@vanntan i miss home cooked food 
Home from hols, always get a little depressed when i have to come home 
My computer at home is broken 
going to clarinett lessons. So boring, want to stay at home. 
miss my home 
Getting ready to head to the airport to head back home 
#iRemember when I lived at home and didn't have any bills! 
Getting ready to fly home, vacation's almost over. 
it's thunder and lightning  i am scared and have to drive home in it
Yay going home to see my baby! I've missed him 
@Cyberdale1962 aww..well you better go home after and get some rest then 
missing my friends from home  at least i have @FaHizzle here! love you!
Not thunder and lightening! I'm well scared of thunder and lightening, and I'm home alone 
Why is my brother home? 
@polarizedtweets me too, but can't work so much @ home, no internet yet 
At home rather bored  waiting for L200 xxx
blahhh no ride home, hopefully it doesn't pour on me 
Why is it that when you're not hungry, you have plenty of food at home? And why is it that the exact opposite is also true? I'm starving! 
at home again and still no gecko. 
wanting my best friend to come home 
Its thundering and lightening outside and I'm on my eay home. 
Starting my trip home in traffic 
home sick  should catch up on an assignment!
Yay there safe!! but not home 
Going home yay! But not looking forward to all the cleaning I have to do 
soo bored at home  qot my kick back YAY !
just got home from the work house.i ssso tired 
I wish that my tomato can come home 
@Mikavictoria come take a nap with me. I'm home alone 
Severe thunder storm and i'm walking home in it. 
@kaijuu Maybe the fleas sabotaged your home server. 
My sister has been asleep since 4pm when she got home. 
@fErNniii yep, our home computer is broke, so I have to share mine.  
can't believe she's home so early! But annoyed she left her phone in heathers car!  x
is stuck in the law library because she has no laptop at home 
Finally back at home settled in and ready for some sleep.....so not ready to go back to work  lol I miss the beach so much!!!
I can't wait until my husband comes home. I'm so lonely in this bed 
Literally stuck in the rain blocks from home 
All packed and ready to go, sadly it looks like I'll have to leave my guitar behind at least until my next visit home 
my mom needs to come home from the shore!! i miss her 
Plans changed. Not coming home till july 1st  greattttttttt.
I will regster 2nite &amp; we will touch base 2mrw as i cant guarantee she will b home right at ten 
@XLUSIVE yes it would be but my plan got ruined as soon as mom and dad came home...... 
home now! YAY but I have to do english assignment! 
back home....net too slow  ..unable to config router! have to seek help on this
home sick  need some serious cheering up...
home sweet home. didn't miss those bloody crickets, though lol all that chirping 
@jodimullen ick  how long is your commute home?
Just got home from alecias photography exhibition. I'm scared of the mental people 
@craigross316 i'm at home had to come home last night  my babysitter not so easy like you lol
is up home and ill 
Should be @ work, but decided to just stay at home. And so the downward spiral begins 
@citizensheep they look like toy calculators don't they?  So now I won't be making transactions when away from home  
Leaving  back home to the lake, and chickfila....woohoo.
craving some bread... damn it I had some at home and didn't bring any!! 
Just got home. haven't slept yet. ugh  soso sick of drama!!
Is sat at home searching for jobs again!  This really shouldn't be this hard!
Sitting at home resting .. just had an injection  .. wasn't as bad as i thought it would be  
home with twisted ankle 
At this rate I have to write about a dozens articles for @depressingnews when I'm back home. 
At home with a bad back 
@roxtarrr have to watch it at home - no sound here 
@kathrynmurphy16 5 of her own and 6 others actually... now you know why i dont like being at home 
brought the wrong document home to work on. arrrrrggghhhH!!!! 
wow. i'm actually dreading going home. going home means cleaning the epic war zone i call a bedroom.  help?
Its so hot out...I really want a beer but I have to drive home 
Hey @moonlightprostudio, 404s make  on home page!
@musicaddicted13 i would join but im going to the movies so im forced to stay home and do it myself 
aw fuck, i left my mcfly dvd back at home. wantwantwanttttt 
i'm afraid to phone home 
is almost home, my legs are sore 
And now starts the journey back home... 
ugh walking home! ;( totally failed this regents 
Weathers too bad to go to the river so I think I'll stay home and be lazy...since I can't drive anywhere 
home...i feel sick.  weeds
been on holiday now bk home 
home again theyrs tornadoe warnings out it looks so gammy its not funny 
getting ready for the drive home--cloudy and dark  
@t doc  really sick almost going home
I want to paint. my paints are all at home 
@mollywood  just goes back to my home page. They should get onto it, yours is the first I tried to hit after registering my own!
On plane about 2 head home  
@iaman awesome, ill be home after this awful run from fullerton 
On the flight back home 
home sick with my younger brother 
not feeling well  want my hubby home to cuddle 
is stuck at home without curry 
so happy i got home before this bad storm  #squarespace
My mom bought LVATT for me, and now I'm home, waiting for it. 
i wish my cat would come home. 
I wish my boyfriend would hurry and come home 
Should have waited for my honey to come home. 
I'm so tired &amp; bummed  I got into maid-mode once I got home, &amp; now have so much to do all by myself... I hope I can get most of it done
man i just love this weather. Now i get to drive home in it  lucky me
I'm home...and tired. And yet I need to keep packing up my room. 
just got home. vacation is over 
it's 11:30 and we're home from carindale already  dentist appointment at 1:30 
is wondering if ash got home safe, i'm worried 
@vickitHU I haven't been home in over 6 months 
is at home...extra tired..! 
Wishing I could nurse @BobbyTML back to health right now  come home silly goose.
@Lakers Staying home~afraid of the rabid fans.....will cheer you from home where it's safe. 
Not sleepy and misses her husband back home 
at home. got home from church. LOVED IT! but i lost my phone  its okay i dont need it
I missed my loved ones who are so so far away from home 
home where are you??!!! i wont to be there, feeling like i need a holiday badly 
@JosephDexter how is it?  i wanted to go but lost all energy when i got home .. 
go home late and wake up late... 
home to an empty house  should i do the dishes or wait on help?
i'm so cold and hungry... this is when i miss home 
airport.... home..... studying? 
I go back home to my condo and my bff goes back home to the bus on the road 
waiting for a train home, looong. +i left my gameboy at home 
Fixtures out and away for 2 home matches not good 
@garrymunro NO government will  - makes me sick - I am sick of trying to re-home abandoned animals - small and large
had difficulty in going home 
says been busy with home schooling, I've neglected my farm...  http://plurk.com/p/11lsti
@lonelyjoeparker I wish I could use a montage, I'm not reslishing the prospect of cycling home 
http://twitpic.com/7m56q - The waiter won't let us take them home 
boo toxicology. boo  but yay! @derrbub's home!! ^^
sore throat from walking home in the frost 
after video calling to my mom only i knw how much i miss home 
Just 1 hour and then i will drive home ;-) miss jochen 
i left my book at home 
Tired, just back home from a survey camp. 
Just got a beating at home 
i would scream but i'm working from home so only the cats would hear me 
no gas, no going anywhere  hope @souxyie is home... can't wait for @tinnersteveo to get home
at home, hungry.... 
back home,no wind   have to study 
I just took down the photos in my living room and kitchen...it is already feeling less like home... 
@marleywarley awwww you are?! No I'm not working right now I'm back home in the bay 
I forgot my headphones at home now im bored. 
at home, ill 
On the road heading home 
Is sad to say I left my headphones at home  I feel so naked
To late home for swimming 
At the long island airport getting ready to fly home 
Home sweet home.  I'm exhausted and covered head to toe in sunburn. 
so bored!!  my cousin just went home!! 
I'm stuck @ home with the flu. 
home sweet home! Headed to the lake with my fam for a little dinner and boating... Where is the sun? 
there is a starving dog outside the apartment...i wish i could take him home and love him 
i miss my home and my old friends 
Just got home from baseball which was suspended 
Wow! I need a side home... 
digitizing old home movies and tearing up 
How does it feel to repatriate your lover back to her home country??  tough one
I had to walk to my gradmothers house, because my car broke down in town...  finally got home after a while.
Blahhh migraine  going home early. At 8
Sitting at home missing bellydance 
2 more outs and we're going home 
Still hasn't talked to me since he got home at 6. I'm really heart broken 
@24hrPIFFness It wasn't purposeful  I'm going home now because of that mistake.
Just got home and it's weird....I miss my other home at the lodge.  I don't hear my waterfalls. 
@knarleysurfer54 http://twitpic.com/7olm0 - wtf? when are you coming home? 
sitting at home wishing my baby was next to me 
I came home to an empty house 
chillen at home, waiting for the roomies to get home....  where o where could they be
I miss my dog, I hope he likes his new home. 
back home! sweet home! don't wanna go to work. 
@robertrippel I'm at home. When the sandwich lady goes home, she loses her touch. 
sad i bought a nice green dress but it doesn't look right when i tried it again at home 
bored being at home for so long ....... missing  friends 
people rarely say home alone but i'm different i'm 2nd home alone 
@Pietrina1903 even though they are obliged to wait 8 mins!  so now I am back at home! 
is bored because she is at home ill 
I swear I'm NOT a home person, i hate staying at home, I LOVE to go out, anywhere but here 
home alone; hearing weird noises! oooooo scary ! 
At home, bored and missing my family 
I'm home &amp; its pouring. 
@GlossalFragster i don't think they'll let me  take him home through customs. 
is sad that his girl is leaving to go back home.... 
is seriously bummed that her dream home was sold 
Coming home from our little mini vacation  but first eating at ihop
@thegucciniga I'm jealous u home relaxin I'm @ workk  lol
just got home from dancing and my side is killing me 
back from home  i miss so many people there
At home and figure out what i'm going to cook 
home sick with the flu 
I left my phone @ home 
@melgrimes You should get home, get some rest before it gets worse 
I miss my friends at home. 
my cat has left home 
Invoices and im just sitting here now and i really could be doing this at home! 
going home in 20 mins 
@giovannamarie the puppy got no home anymore.. 
Hopes the shanks come home soon 
driving home after shopping in long island - weathers still horrible 
heading home early to watch the little girl, wife's birthday and she is home sick and heading to the doctor 
Wow just got home early to an empty house 
I'm on the train home, too drunk for a poor girl who has to be up at seven 
I don't wanna go home to my lonely apartment 
so pretty outside too bad i gatta stay home 
puppy is home but in pain 
Just picked up 1 of 2 ....I've got one really unhappy puppy @ home  http://mypict.me/4n3q
I need to win the lottery so I can stay home with my babies! 
my cat got knocked up and ran away from home 
No girl too stormy. And i just got home. I feel bad. 
currently working from home with a busted ankle 
Still not home yet  another 30 mins I guess.
I just want my dad to come home 
Last one on the bus  long walk home!
waiting for my boy to come home 
home alone!!! my baby is out of town!! 
I'm officially home and missing my man. 
@wdwlive http://twitpic.com/7rd23 - makes me miss home 
j wants to take baby birdies home 
I am sitting at home, exhausted from cheerleading! 
@MaggiieJonas I'm so mad!! I had to miss it!!  atleast it's on record at home
if someone doesn't get home i'm going to die!!!! 
I'm home and my computer won't turn on. 
home from the cws and i can't cool off...   so sticky... 
@billy_burke I'm jealous you get to be in the desert.. I miss it  3 1/2 years is too long to be away from home..
wishing my baby would come home 
Home!  My yard is a jungle 
just got home from the hosp. 
@DavidArchie  goodnight! and if he laughs again remember that it's better to have a neighbor than being all alone at home 
watching home via webcam. where's eric? 
@tinamarelina Thanks darlin'! They were soaked when I got home 
@jonubian aww i just left, I'm back at home now working on art  LOL
home now nd slammed my finger in the door 
is sitting at home, starving, and really missing my friends. 
chilling at home with a bad foot 
Gounded at home... food poisoning... 
holidays at home again? hhuft 
at home ill  i hate flu its stupid
Staying home due to a cold... 
@superiorpapers ahahaha. well there's no one to boss around here. since i'm always the first one to get home. 
is going home. wordpress is hard. 
otw home. pulang basket tired 
It's storming really bad and I have to go to work and leave my dog at home. She's so scared!! 
can't believe i've left my phone at home!!  I feel so naked!!
I can't upload pictures now on twitpic!  later i guess when i reach home.
Starting the journey home now 
Man, i feel so freakin' tired whenever i'm home! 
At the last hotel. 4 hourrs till we get home. Then im grounded 
There's going to be a severe thunderstorm and i'm home alone 
sitting at home waiting for my hubby to get home before I have to go to work 
ahhh so sleepy i want frosted flakes but they are home home 
Leaving the hotel to head to the airport.  We miss our kitties back home.  
feeling lost without net connection at home 
sat at home ill !!!!! 
my husband is at home... and I wish I was there with him  #fb
Missing the family  can't wait for them to get home!!
I need to find a good home for my dog 
@jjuntamed25 i AM home but no pool 
At home, pretty worried. It sucks to not have a car 
bored...doesn't know what to do now that friends left my home... 
ugh, I forgot my phone at home. I feel so naked and lost without it. 
It's a long walk home 
eeww...thought I grabbed the garlic hummus only to discover it was green olive when I got home 
This storm is freaking me out. I want alan home now. 
Ugh i left my camera at home 
This is a loooong ride home. 
@djarems I wanttt to! I'm trying to figure out a ride back home! 
I'm far away from home..I need my friends 
The boy and I are still home alone  we need some company over.
is babysitting and wishing she could go out later but it prob won't happen because the parents are coming home late... 
No power at home. 
at home, because my olans got changed and the new ones i could have i cant do because my car is broken. ugh. 
no one in the home right now.. im so lonely 
I am roommateless  this is a very lonely 5bdrm apt when only I am home .. @desiraegrace @LoverBritt @MacKenzieMM
Misses the home land 
at home in bed depressed with a heartache 
The pottery barn catalog always makes me want to have a home 
change of planss   at home watching 'taken'
Just chilln' at home, wishing that the storm wouldn't have missed us! 
@kerriw that sucksss  but yay for 'bama. my couz and I are trying to get down there to visit the family home
just got home.. my phone is dead. 
bored, tired, wanting to go to bed, but not home -_________-          
I only have one contact in and I can't see  I'm not home nor do I have my glasses
home missing her honey 
got sent home from the shops 
Just realized both my parents aren't home. WTF could have been smoking. 
10 o' clock. Loves still not home yet. 
just got home. was flying in the sky but not anymore. 
home is still at least 3 months away...  
@brendanb the only issue with a coffee machine at home.... is that it is at home 
my boyfriend still isn't home 
@edgexd_lux and here I am doing that at home for free 
@lalashahtya idk laaa, I've got some viruses from dufan-it's really kill me now, so have to stay at home.....  how about you?
finally got home and peed. had to pee since i left prom. i predict a very unfortunate future for my bladder 
Loading the van for the drive home...so sad!! 
i wish my mom would come home already so i could go to sleep. 
@jellybones_ I left my guitars at home 
miserably home with the flu   
Effing cramps  I'm staying at home todayy, too lazy to go out
torn between working from home or surfing the net... 
@danieltait10 how dare you mr. tait. That's my home state. 
Soon to be on a plane bound for home   Why do holidays go so fast?? 
home from a meeting and can't fall back to sleep 
Waiting for her boyfriend to come home... 
home from camp  it was fun; i wish i was still there.
I wish I was back home in the desert where it's warm 
home sweet home, now to study  *sigh* yaaay....&gt;.&lt;
I definitely won't be at the last vector  I'll be back home
mom is going out and i have to stay at home its so unjust!! 
Sitting at home.  i wanted to go to the parade, but there are no vehicles and i am by myself. 
take me home  *hospital,.. rain outside...*
take me home  *hospital,.. rain outside...* @steveappleton how are ya doing?
@wonderchook aw, man!  i wish I was there for #geoglobaldomination.  I'm at home in bed with a cold 
Finally at home, got such a sore back!! 
Flying home from gran canaria tonight 
Is chilling at home, missing her baby 
is finally back at home but now headed to storage in baytown. So tired 
talking to family on the phone always makes me miss home 
home from the shore 
home. i want plans tonight, 
no stitches!! but chef sent me home. 
@ShannonKimmie the zoo is fun; now I wish I had come home  LOL
http://twitpic.com/7yi9o - Not even halfway home... 
is missing the green green pastures of home 
home from south beach and saddddd 
Fucking ayyy, my parents won't let me out, I'm going to stay home... 
Races got rained out tonight, were headed back home 
at home, having a cold and sore throat 
holiday at home,,,, so boring 
@weaves3 heading home 
@krispykrunky you really need to get online as soon as you get home 
@animatronyx I've been wanting to write you back but my connection at home is barely working. 
My husband is getting sexified to go out while I get to stay home 
My back is killing me... been in bed pretty much since I got home... off to bed again. Hopefully it won't hurt nemore.  
Home sweet home. And all alone.   
home to a house that looks like a bomb has hit it 
@etsnow12 no.. not worse.. well i dont know. maybe... the meds are not nearly as good at home. the liquid morphine was great, now im home 
@ksdflowers hey! I'm at home, I stopped by block 21 but it wasn't poppin at all, so I left 
We have the best girl crew, 90% are here on the west coast...10% are back home--i miss that 10%  @brynnfoley @danielleguizio
at home....but still working  i need a rest!
I hope my cat comes home 
home finally! my nose is peelingg 
No, I don't want to miss the concert. At least I'll return home. I'm soooo sick 
@celdee they're making my cabinet their home 
my bestie just went home 
has bid jayne farewell and is waiting for train home 
another early morning. than the drive home  at least i will have internet again
just dropped off richard 2 sea-tac airport.  i'm home now &amp; the house feels eerily lonely w/o him (even though my sister + parents r home)
shopping some more &amp; then heading home   i love vacations...
Drive home  text
I get to go to work  while my family relaxs at home 
@bethyv i was at home and didn't feel/hear it so i'm going with explosion.  no more quakes!
no news on when the puppy will come home yet 
I've got home and reallised I've lost my phone somewhere between the dam and the yard  So I've got to go back out again.
I wish I could be at home with my daddyio and my papa 
I'm home and I miss my vacation 
I really wish my car wasnt broken. I wanna go home! 
about to get on the plane to go back home   
is not excited to have to drive home from my dads house and go straight to work! 
driving home from the beach. i miss my puppy  but i will see her soon! haha
I miss my husband.  He can't come home soon enough.
just got home from church. I hate home work! 
Is commin home from the lake then finish packing 
And so it is.... Leaving home on a holiday, again 
Racheyy just fixed the laptop and is now going home 
 My sis just left for home....Wishing her a safe trip home.
i need to be in sweatpants and home 
bored at home without my man... 
Looking for a new home and job 
No power at home... 
I'm home now, but have no power! 
I made it home. 5 mph the last two miles or so. 
home with the swine...again 
heaad of to rehearsals w/ edsel then going home. 
Going back home from the airport and I am extremely tired. I miss her already 
@starmoneymitch y every1 went home 
Just got to work. Wish I was at home in my bed asleep 
I don't work until 5! ...but i have no car so I'm stuck home. 
I am SO mad at myself for forgetting my almonds at home 
Sitting at the doctor waiting to get this over with so i can go back home. 
i don't want to go to work and leave my baby home by himself 
I think @ 4, I'm goin home... I think I'm catchin the flu or a cold 
is finally home but bored to death 
@iDreamOfMiMi i got some you can make at home just heated it up at feezys...she didnt have any salt 
home from work...really wishing i could go swimming but none of the neighbors are home...i wish we had our own pool 
home. I need a nap 
hiii lewes, nearly home. Just need to work out how to get home. I wonder if my mother would pay taxi for me? 
going home finally! I miss my puppy 
definitely havent been to this funeral home since my grandmas funeral 
on the train headed home 
left my phone at home. 
Driving home and there's subway in my lap. Haha but i can't eat it yet. 
Heading to home hill 
@GeoffatDell no not at home base on plane getting ready to take off from west coast to home (red eye) 
going home to go to bed.doctors tomarrow 
At home in bed trying to recover from this awful flu 
I feel homesick.. even though this is my home now. I miss my friends and I just need to be with them 
@misskely hey... am definitely feeling better.. wolfing down home cooked porridge in the office.. I didn't know you were ill too.. 
waiting for my honey to come home ......... got ages yet 
is fukin heartbroken....i h8 men...but i love him soooo much ..... please cum home 
@ home... n so very tired... reinstall all PC in my lab.... 
is packing for her trip home.. 
just got home. :| apparently, a truck of softdrinks fell apart.  idontknow, i dont get it either.
Walking home (2km) in high heels isn't fun or easy  http://twitpic.com/8d360
sat at home, need shower 
Why can't all the good festivals be near my home!?!? 
i'm ill  sitting at home is so boring.
Missing my baby badly  come home soon!
@YayasSexxxy home resting my sprained foot 
Watching hunter. Waiting for dad to get home. I'm hungry. 
@ home with the flu 
Looking for a home for a puppy 
has just got home!  what a journey home!
It hurts when your workdesk's window overlooks all the planes touch down and you wish you're inside one to fly back home 
I'll sleep well tonight.... If the missus doesn't kick me out for being so late home, that is 
Home sweet home  shower time
Finally at home  holidays!!!!!
@sonnyjoeflangan home and away love short stack  , almost as much as i love them. but i think i love them more.
Just got home, I got new creative headphone ! 
@Mummyofmany I have home-made brownies, too.... 
Going home, going to have dinner, going to wait for my wife 
having fun with my friends at home 
home....soooooo tired. Two more sleeps to go 
just got home haha...trying to get some rest now... 
Off to register the jeep in my home state again   It's good to be home.
my honey is finally back home 
I just got home and getting ready to feed my new babay boy 
at home on aim talking to connor  
out to breakfast andd car shopping with my daddddy ,hopefully bringing it home 
I am off home  to enjoy what sun is left 
There is seriously no place like home.    Going home in an hour, going to my cousin's party and possibly hanging out with some friends? 
@eightysixxgirl welcome home  #ASOT400
i like it when i have a babysitter while i'm home  it's relaxing.
Just got home from the beach 
heading to nashville with @andrewbelle and his girl! excited to meet my potential new home 
@dotcom3 I'm ready for you to come home! 
I'm home babies. I love you all. 
@Marielhemingway home sweet home 
home and ready to crash 
@nibby01 i told him they expire b4 he is home!!! me and clive are great thanks. hope the gardens looking good  x
on a flight home! 
Having brunch and redecorating my home 
Headed to the airport to fly home  to my family and my pool! 
goooing hooome froom raave. rozner taking me home  hollllah
Resting at home sweet home with wiffy. 
@ the airport! about to come back home  from china! yay!!
At home ... feeling good &amp; watching TV 
home alone... enjoying the quiet and preparing to watch the rugby 
@nuttychris you sound like a parent with empty nest syndrone aww know what you mean tho i'm not looking forward to when mine leave home 
@feinbaby haha, miss me? that's new!  I'm home.
Going shopping  departure from home in 3...2...1.........
I'm about to go shopping and then I'm going home from my cousins house at 4pm!  
there are wild violets blooming outside my home 
just got home &amp; I'm super tired, only 6 days then muskoka woods ! 
is just relaxing at home. the wife and boy are taking a nap. what else to do but twitter 
@Ivymere you still interning at 2 places? work is exciting to say the least  when are you coming home?
finished packing - just waiting for breakfast to start so I can eat before heading to the airport  - going home!!
is at home and cozy in a nice warm house with the rain pattering away outside 
Just got home from the gym 
Home sweet home! I haven't been home this early in a really long time. I think I'm going to clean my room.. Haha 
Out of the theater, and he's attempting to drive me home, SLOOOWLY 
going home from church. very tired and currently laying on cherynes knees 
just got home from the most amazing game!! 
getting ready to do some serious home re-decoration 
is glad all her people are home 
cafe coco then home sweet home 
@Frankiedafish home. With my favorite labradoodle. Haha. 
@HannahMcArdle Thankx....LOL....I have no idea  I can't believe you're home already did chu fly out with @isaaclikes ?
Sitting at home About to have a shower 
just came home after a vacation on the tip of the mactan island... 
just got home from the gym 
at home with the missus 
just came home  :&gt;
currently at home...relaxing as it should be. life is good! 
detention blahhh -__-, then back home and sleeping 
Just got off the road.  I`m home now 
saturday night at home sweet home 
Almost home  aaand I need to pee rather badly. Also read all 8 comics :S
just got home from a street mass. 
exactly 5 weeks until we get to take home a new puppy  names: jamie or marcy?
I'm watching 7 Pounds with the hubby  I'm so glad he is home!
leaving home for the river!  around twelve. me and mommy!
got home 20 mins ago from a very fun evening 
home.. then idk. text me? 
back home to the grey north. couldn't be happier! 
Incense. A must have if we share a home. 
Tired..but well worth the trip. Finally home!! 
I am in my friend's home 
just got home .. we might be keeping one of the kittens! 
just got home. drove myselfff!!!  got my license yesterdayXD
at home watching twilight 
My home girl is here sleeping over 
just booked my flight back home! can't wait! 
now that your home i feel complete again 
@botsteve   They're all waiting for us to get there.  All home pining away in anxiousness... 
Feels good to b home ! 
@gfalcone601 did you get home by train?  x
Home sweet home  I'm craving pickles..
i'm heading home now. then we're going to get my tattoo! 
I'm finally home! Taking a long shower.. 
@jimformation then we could stay home in our pajamas 
@keegs58 Thank you! We had a safe trip and we're already back at home. 
house hunting is hard work! back home now. 
almost home. perfect. 
just got home from a walk with hayden, now enjoying a relaxing evenging at home 
just got home from my friends house. we grilled out and had steaks 
I am home people. 
waiting for my mom to get home 
@therecordlife wow. have a safe trip back home  and we're all begging you, please come back to bloomington as soon as you can!
@easytouch lets go home 
just got home from the gym..tennis first then badminton.ehehe! 
@dayzie63 I work at the group home 
@heidimontag It was wonderful, just home from a wedding. I love it   How was youre's?
Heading back home with a win! 
Relaxing at home, loving my mom 
@aurellion I realised when I got home that I left mine in your fridge - you're welcome to have it if you like. 
@thatswhack74 aww that's sweet! i made a home made card and i wrote her a song...   it wasn't that much but oh well..
Heading home  i love my boys
Just got home i love stake and shake milkshakes 
just got home from the sunshine coast 
home! tonight was so much fun! goodnight twitterbugs! 
@okneil welcome home wherever that may be 
@MeBec go on the msnnnn or ring my home phone  NOW 
@Joshwaleigh    i did on my walk home. it looks amazing 
@bearboyph69 just got home lng. 
just got home and my kitty was by my door waiting for me 
sitting at home watching rove 
Just got home, had so much fun!! Now I definitely need a shower 
Ugh i woke up at 6 to go back home! But i'm surprising my mother 
home and relax 
home from basketball 
@mrsmeganc...and him going home to basically live the life we shared together for 4 years in our home. i dunno prolly being overdramatic 
came home to a new kitty 
just got home from working out at the gym- and then went to the spa in my apartment complex- relaxing.... 
An infant bat has made our balcony its home 
Ahhh, hotel suite, hotel. (like home sweet home) haha 
after about 7 hours out my baby came home   off to sleep now i know pippin is home safe and sound..
funny how after 5 years i'm going back to where i started. you can't beat a home base with family. it will ALWAYS be there   
home-cooked food 
i guess i should add i'm thankful to have a job but still id like to stay home 
is happy my baby is home to me 
@KarrieLyne not much trouble so far...still at home  and you?
at home now  my brother helps me with my mobilphone 
@markgouge aren't you the happy little home maker! 
is going home sweet home 
home from a good dayyy, food tvvvvv phone and shweep 
is back home... preparing for meeting at the coop later..  http://plurk.com/p/u999n
Chillen at home with the two brats!  i love them!   http://myloc.me/118A
on the M train going home had mad fun with the wife 
Just chilling at home mate... 
hey just got home from the strand! 
home n making breakfast....        much happier now
@ddlovato at least you enjoy your home   I hated home when I was younger.  Of course now the things that are home usually travel with me
@Shavedband thank gawh your back home.  we need to talk soon.  
@ammiisaurusrexx lollll just leave your books at home again 
With a car going home from the phenomenauts with mark and his soulmate. It's awkward and adorable. 
@MarySayWhat wow it feels great outside. I should go for a run. LOL well I'm headed home. Ttyl 
just got0 home from my cousin's house. 
Watching good old home videos lmao 
@tmazon about 2 board my flight back home  wahoo!
wuaaah we have strawberries at home 
Coming home at 3:30 then waking up at 8:15 is starting to take a toll on me!!! ahhhhh MONSTERS ARE AMAZING! and sooo are naps 
@nuttychris i bet. all shouting &amp; rowdy! haha. i know the feeling since my cousins practically live in our home! 
I'n driving home... Jeah shower waits at home 
just got home from a short vacation 
@pleather and @veganfreak: I hope the move goes well and you enjoy your new home 
I love home runs! 
Eating lunch with my wonderful boyfriend who surprised me by coming home early! 
@nzbeks have a safe flight(s) home 
Finally heading home.  I had such a blast!
@wielding It is an awful home, at least for books that need murdered. 
just got home from dinnner, watching american psycho 
@wymesei I'm not walking around with it. But I have one in the car, on my desk, and at home. 
I'm so happy to be at home!!!!! it was incredible wedding!!!! 
Finally free  now home to get some rest
my dad's home 
Just got home from the dector   watching The Simpsons and are tireeed !!
@lizz1979 good, i'm glad you made it home safe. 
is at home with a nice brew 
Sitting at home...doing art 
@MissKeriBaby have fun at home my dear 
@robomatt I'm at home without load. 
just got home from the mall with v 
@mattchedit I would, but they always seem to leak. I'm opting for one at home and one when I get to work, made myself, in a real cup 
On a plane back home 
Just got home from the mall.  We went shopping. ) YAY! xD Haha!
so glad english revisions over... home soon  
@ivrilider wellcom home hope u had a good time but still it's so good u'r home 
Amazing how you can stumble upon fresh locally grown markets on your walk home. 
dad's finally home. 
jez got home. i heart slammers  http://plurk.com/p/ukj6t
At home because of a thunderstorm!! 
is resting at home... I need a vacation  http://plurk.com/p/ul40j
home needing a cup of tea......  and son asking when can we go for run....   
@AugustRhapsody so the location of the job is right in your own home 
just got home from the procedure  laying in bed
says I'm home people  http://plurk.com/p/vephd
will be going home in 15 mins.. 
Lol dude i'm home i was on the phone 
@bakatadi hey, you made it home alive   Cheers! mate (hear that @clarashin?? ) LOL
has finally moved.  (no internet yet at home)
@lonkay scratch that, I am going home right now  fooood here I come!
Just came home from @Patriizia's house. had fun.  haha.
@gabbler did you stay at home phone doc and get tested? Not to panic you just incase? lol If you didnt it's manslaughter 
Having dinner now  at home
I'm finally home. I bought the blouse I wanted! 
Wooho just landed at home sweet home 
Prolly failed test, driving mum home now, need to check out house first tho 
@StirringTrouble because she owns her husband at home 
Home from the capout in Alyssas backyard ;] So much fun 
home from schoooool. just woke up 
Steffens mother has gone home and i can finally relax.. 
I bk to my home now but i feeling not well cause i thinking of one !  Where is my hero ?????
@taalz its not so dude!! I have 3 laptops at my home and I suggest you to buy from a authorised dealer and you will be in peace! 		??
@stinkle still watching it!  we just got done babysitting and we're about to finish the movie at home! 
the lightning was pretty cool to watch on the drive home 
Just hanging at home with the family 
Is happy all my little ones are home!  
@blueparrot2 extreme makeover home edition!  lol
@SPProductions for twitter or home?I got some home games 
he called me...he made it home safe 
sitting at home listening to the thunder 
At home...browsing the internet... 
@Thatguy858 looks like it came out of a nursing home...lol.  
home from gym 
@labeet The son's homecoming is good news  - I think I also should visit home sometimes
is at home. practicing singing on the way home 
home-sweeet-homeee!  driver fetched me home from cousin's house today, saved me from walkkking . hohoho :B
just got back home from lunch, really enjoyed it 
