Most common words for this cluster:
[('home', 3043), ('way', 272), ('work', 198), ('sick', 170), ('na', 109), ('im', 90), ('lol', 77), ('amp', 74), ('nothing', 67), ('u', 58), ('time', 57), ('mom', 57)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'home', 0.8751739859580994), (u'Superfast_WiFi', 0.6050746440887451), (u'SeekingAffluent.com', 0.588463306427002), (u'chilly_INSIDE', 0.5825934410095215), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.5748487710952759), (u'Kazemi_texted', 0.573913037776947), (u'house', 0.5697482824325562), (u'EAGLE_COLO', 0.5677570700645447), (u"Sorry_ma'am", 0.5658753514289856), (u'Neighbor_Luis_Yanez', 0.5646087527275085)]





playing game at home! my new boss didn't call me yet... 
stuck at home 
home for spring break. no one is home tho 
Someone needs to give this baby a home!!! I would but it's a bit too soon  http://tinyurl.com/dzbppd
just getting home...its snowing 
@zinziii dammit! when ya heading home? we didn't get messy drunk together at any point! 
@xambix wow, welcome home eh  that's well shit, especially just coming back off holiday!!! Some fucking people!
@RellyAB will likely be unable to attend - crying all the way home 
has a poorly cat at home, i want to be their to hold her fur back and pass her tissues 
It rains heeaaavily outside and i trap in this building cant go home 
im sick  at home  alone 
just got home from training , ate dinner , now have to complete an assignment 
I'm sick of living in this apartment by myself...I miss home so much 
heading for home, sick 
i got very unexpected guess at home and right now they're in my room  what a distraction!!!
Missing his babe! I just want him to come back home and lie in bed with me.. 
at work... forgot my phone at home 
i'm back. now i need to work out what i plan to do with damn paperwork. tweets at home aren't very interesting! 
@fushujing Yes! I am beginning to like it here man! And the friends I have made are amazing. Seriously. We are all going home soon. 
just got home from work sooo tired..i miss my baby 
@cutiepie04ct I miss u tore whore  come back home
@IngaLeonora I just got home but really didn't want to  was nothing to do out there...
on east coast time even though im home. so annoying.  must get back to sleep
@ work, forgot my cell @ home. sad 
@PeterBlackQUT but im home safe now dangerously twittering with a bogged mind  spellings r okaaay soo far 
don't wanna go home. it's all empty there. maybe i should get a cat but who will care for her when i go to office 
been shopping then got home to fine i have no drink 
@kathrynyu I stopped by mayahuel for a quick drink on my way home from work but I missed you 
@traix23 go wait at the airport for me I wanna come home to you!  x
Just got home. have a hang over, and really want some cake  idk why?
 i'm sorry. well i couldnt wait....ooommmmggg it was so good. i promise we'll go together when you get home.
@rachaelcaine I wish i did tooo.   my sister went! and brought me home a cup hahaha.
Just got a puncture riding home from work, am bowing walking a mile home 
i have a cold again,boooo  waiting for my love to get home&lt;3
I'm feeling invisible right now.. Is it time to give up and just go home? 
sitting at home sick 
@Irish1974 Finally home.  No cute guys.  
back home. taking a nap because i am wore out, kinda on the sad side since i think its finally quits with the boyfriend 
going home now.. cant find info i need.  have to find another way to win...
@alesa13 got home for a stand up comedy thing, had a blast, but its too freaking cold out  i want summerrrr!!
On my way home from terra haute :p i'm so sore 
just got home from work.... sun burnt  ouchhh
home for dinner, major headache. 
home all alone   what to do, what to doooooo.  someone come play
I almost got killed by a softball. great. someone take me home. 
@NikkBrown it's still sittin in my room. lookin for a sweet sweet home.... 
We won our last game,  and thawed out on the way home. Going to grab a hot shower and get jammies on, did I mention I am getting sick? 
not feeling too good  home with the fam
@ home, doing nothing  bored
Sitting at home...borrreedddd &amp;&amp; sick 
has to stay home while brandi and miley go to germany 
is walkin home from the football cos he could not before a ticket 
Everyone is out having fun without me and im home recovering from being sick. I'm lonely and sad 
I'm totally in the mood to make buttons, but all my supplies are at home 
just got home from attempting to go to the club. chelsee passed out before we go in. so we left, no club. got ready for nothing. 
is gonna go to bed, alone and wonders who he is going home with? 
@nick_carter my boyfriend leave me alone today  I'm here at home and he is at a show.......send me a kissssssssss
People who assume I drive and have my own way home are frequently mistaken. 
sitting home taking care of a sick nephew  wish i could have gone seen my friend's band tonight
Almost out of work then home to sleep in an empty bed 
Everyone flaked on me so I'm stuck at home 
home sweet home, sickling is in bed and my eyes are fighting to stay open. time to crawl into bed, i have to function for the ap tour 
waste of time, this function. and fight with dear friend. should have stayed home, after all. 
Should have stayed my ass home!!! Haha 
at home, listening to jeezy...got the munchies 
bummed not havin margaritas with my gurlllss at alenas  ...bought to go to bed home my g-ma is okay in the hospital :/
@ home thinking alot 
made it home safe hope my friends do 
@osohollywood im at home, about to go to bed. my social life is going down hill 
@triixilala no  he stayed home tonight i belive.. i am out w my sis
@dswints just got home myself! I had an event I asked you to swing by! 
Just getting home from picking up a few things.  
on the train on my way home and its raining 
umm so i'm home safe n sound but my girl had the worst night ever 
Chilling at home on my mac feeling sick 
242AM just got home. in biggggggg trouble from mommy 
@lisa_storm aww hon, you are so sweet to me!!!hubby is off to cumbria as well now,   so home alone tonight.
sitting at home bored ,,, hello the web has got boring for me 
just getting home...sucks to be designated driver 
got home. feelin exhausted. 
has just realised his first mistake of returning to college, I left my doona at home!! 
stuck at home writing an essay 
home from costco no good samples 
I'm alone at home... that's ok, but it would be better if one person would be here...  ... miss you! ...
at home watching the yankees and wondering why she doesn't look for me 
well i guess ill just hang out @ home and do nothing ...blah 
bout to leave dis hell hole in drive anywhere somewhere..hmmm boyfriend's house.hell is a place called home 
coming home from south carolina soon. 
Just got home from shopping for make up and boy am i suprise at how much i spent i could have gotten clothes for how much i spent  oh  ...
sick, got sent home  but i work tonight yay!
sick at home!! 
so sad shelley went home 
Missing hubby  can't wait till he gets home...
way back home....damn i miss her so much 
@JeffSchwerdt yeah i got a 20 minute drive home still   I'll be lucky to be in bed by 3.  It's my own fault I was BS'in at last masters.
So no take home food. That's to bad. 
B oddkode ugh that sucks im at home 
@s_swan u can't sleep? That sucks. I just now started charting.   I'll be getting home very late.
On the way home 
ahhh home sweet home...bleh work tomorrow 
is thinking how home it would be at nice!! 
is thinking how home it would be to still be at nice!! 
other half already home from work. didn't actually get to work - migraine hit hard b4 she even got there 
@lisamccormick i'm back in world of fabrication and welding  im missing t fresh air and home cooking that comes with working on t farm ;)
Hopefully coming in late. If not staying home sick 
net capped @ home,unable 2 do notes  so sitting here watching swearing midgets,paulie from pizza &amp; politically incorrect couriers on sbs!
Lol   enjoys reading kevins posts. But also wishes i could stay home 
slept when she got home and now must do homework at 4am.  
in the office. canot survive much longer without broadband at home! 
just home from being with mates, won no money gambling 
@Lily001 i know i get addicted to them though, its terrible-especially when u can make them at home as well  hello winter (says my tummy)
at home sick... 
at home? really thinking about my lifes path. i am in the beginning stages od a divorced. 
ah humpf! at home. amazing weather. and i'm stuck inside revising! ah boo 
is at home sick 
Watching my son play in the park from my office window (home) and wishing I was outside in the glorious sun 
longest walk home of my life. now my legs are twitching 
home sweet home... let the homework begin 
home from coachella 
is having trouble sleeping without my hubby home...I hate when he is away!  I am going to be one tired wifey when he gets home!!
Wondering why everyone makes the best coffee at home and nobody seems to manage that at the office 
ffs! my stepdad is home 
just got home from up town... feelen pretty sick right now 
traffic jam so close at home. 
got home, tired, need to do maths 
@CristaltheGreat home safe.. didnt go do what i wanted to do b/c i got a random ass email from an ex-boo and it made me feel bad! 
is at work when i could be at home chillin out in this lovely weather!!! 
physical ed = i'm home for 80 minutes. i suck, i know i do. oh and i've lost the remote for the tv. 
@MusicalProdigy the movie gets out at like 11 so ill be home at like 12. I'll try and have sess with you but I have work 2mrw 
sick at home 
just got home from ralphs, walmart, and omegas house to help her feel better.  SATs tomorrrrow! 
i bump this song in the car...wanna play it at home and cant remember the title or nothing 
at home tonight and still feelin like caca 
home alone bored. roommate's gone with her babe for the night which leaves me n movies. 
wow 15 min with no one tweeting. I am the only one boring and at home. 
My mum &amp; little brother have left their mobiles at home. While I applaud their mild shun of technology, I want to know where they are! 
@balaji_dutt @ashwinn wah nice for you guys. going home and all. 
just got home. got in a big argument with one of my ferends. whas her fault. i dont kncare what she says she will cant be forgiven 
I really wanna go home. I can feel the random bits of hair down my back. I want a shower 
On my way home 
 I wanna go home. I hate people.
got home n electricity's out!  shoulda stayed out drinking longer I guess
decent night. @edengiver hooked it up with the sushi. Saints &amp; Sinners was fun, now @ home...rather, the boyfriend's house. w/out him. 
being cold and waiting for mumma to get home, hopefully she isn't too long 
me and tori just got home from city wernt that many hot guys 
just got home from temecula.. im so fuckin tired 
on our way home from holibobs 
oh no. the beaches are flooded and I can barely get home 
heartbroken thanks to @jordanknight. I totally rushed home, drove thru an earthquake, and ran a red light to get home to find out i lost! 
Just got home from work. ugh long night! I want chicken noodle soup but my cupboards came up with nothing even close. 
at home... sick 
Going to take measurement for furniture at the model home.. It just sold so soon no more model to stop by  5 months seems soo long to wait
@Sheald ok i know u said u hd to work on friday but working whilst you're sick...at home trying to recover...that's just not cricket!! 
On the train back home now, I want to stay in london though 
@tkofthewildboyz back home, missing out on all the fun. that's where we're at! wahhhhh! 
Please someone take this sweet little kitty! She needs a home and it can't be mine! 
i'm at home so tared  i just want to sleep a lot!
home now. tired. finally going to give up my laptop &amp; start using the mac full time 
i went to the gun show with matt, now i'm taking my sick self home 
moving alllll my shit home. so depressed this year is over 
i might sign off twitter...these updates about bamboozle are very saddening... my favorite bands in my home state...and i cant see them 
no internet at home  fuck you verizon, breaking up with you and moving to comcast tyvm
i freaking lov exeats. i get to chill at home for a whole two and a half days! but i have to go home early  aw well gotta enjoy it  xxx
Is tired...bored...home on a saturday doing nothing...  
spending saturday skint at home 
@7w337yBurd i looked it up though it said if you have flu symptoms stay home so you wont' spread it though.. 
hung over in xray class. I wanna ho home 
home from work 'cause xander's sick and nikki's out of town. 
@kirstysmac This is the worst bit, the going home! 
had an allergic reaction, I am going home to take a nap 
home from work with the flu 
Home now buggered from the ride home.cut mi leg and now blood is pissin out of it 
Anyone wanna pick me up from white room in a bit and give me a ride home? 
Going home. I hate this  I just feel like nothing is going right.
hectic sunday... working from home 
I'm home... Safely! Lots of hw are waiting for me 
@funkyturtle_des oh wow that sucks  but I think it is either everyone helps or he cant come home  bcz he needs help when you are at work
is gutted for the hitman   i cried! time to  throw in the towel return home  proud of you m8 ... your  a true  champion to your fans .xx
Just got home &amp; feeling like shit. Physically &amp; emotionally 
well im..looking past my fear of sleeping at home alone  because im just to darn tired! goodnight everyoneee.
Family went home  sad, I miss them already
On my way home, didn't really have a good night, I should've stayed home like I was planning 2 N the 1st play, smh 
aww my kitty cats gone to live at mum and dads till we can find another home....sad 
stuck at home 
Nearly bk home to realise i actually need to start revising majorly  god how depressing.
@ i wanna go home, so miss my mom 
No trouble found  b-fast, meetings, then the long road home...finally.
hates how she can't sleep late at home 
I got stuck at home 
want to be at bamboozled. but what am i doing - sitting at home grounded and cleaning mi room. yay 
bored at home cuz its raining 
is about to go to foodlion with my mom then back home to clean...cant see mikey allday both really bussy  i hate days like this
@nbrachelxo their whole family went to church i stayed home cause i don't feel good  get on myspace !
boyfriend is home sick  wishing i could leave work &amp; take care of him.
marathon is over.. for me at least.. going home now... that is if i can actually get home thru street closures.  
On our way home. 
yeah definetly sitting at home right now with a hangover! 
@SophiaF3F3 no  nobody is home
At home with a sick child.  I hate it when they don't feel well, they're so pitiful.  
back home, its not about work tonight  i wanna go out!
On my way to wk, will be out early again, and my love just went home  Anyone got plans for tonight???
Just finished work, going home to get ready to hit the town with uni mates  we've not been out together in ages 
I'm not home to read bb 
is glad the net connection at home is back. unfortunately, wifi's gone...  http://plurk.com/p/rm6vj
home from california  unpacking and whatnot
i have a headache.  going to make some semi home made pizza. (bought the dough) http://www.raychelllibby.blogspot.com
 stuck home now should I bike ride or run?
Everyone's either home already or on the way home.  this weekend went by too fast, boooo!
is coming back home from louisville, uber sleepy for some reason &amp; i need money 
On my way to run errands the second time..cause I left my wallet at home 
at home, sick 
On the way home... 
on the plane to get back home. wish my stay was longer 
@meloballerpoet exactly its hard since i got her i havent gone clubbin or really gone out. i try 2 get home early. just seeing her face 
*sigh* everyone's on holidays at home 
Taking a little nap before I go back to the library...  I hate home work!
Just finished work now home to an empty apartment 
jus got home from work so tired 
@AshleyAmbers you should come over.. there's plenty are you sad @rongeenj has gone home na? 
stupid internet both at home and at uni!!! 
wow think this was the best homecoming ever...yeah NOT...its bad when u feel like ur parents dont want u home 
Leaving vegas on my way home.  * tear
Thinking about moving my desk into the bedroom... when hubs is home, the tv's on and I can't think at all. 
@DonnieWahlberg im at home in cali!  have a great time.
im at home doing an english paper 
home from boozle and showered. food and sleep to follow. sick 
@phillie_cheese forsure.  i just got home from visiting him...we gotta chill!
bamboozle is over. sad. staying didn't end up working out.  thank u to everyone who helped me look for plane tix! driving home tomorrowww.
@bleszed you guys are never at home, and when I call the answering machine comes on after the first ring sometimes! 
should be leaving to drive home, but really doesnt want to 
I dont know how to listen to loveline on my iphone.  just got home from work
@vishnupsp Studies started..? I am yet to start  do uou have a psp at home..?
@johnmayo offline through choice good, offline through faulty home pc frustrating 
im sick at home and i think ill soon call the doctor.. 
is on the way back home from dropping dad off at the airport and has almost finished listening his audiobook 
Is sitting at home doing homework becasue its pee-ing it down 
home from sydney &amp; i miss it already 
@shellpelley  crappy, should have sent you home with a TV dinner 
doesn't like the look of the weather and would rather stay at home doing nothing 
flying home. make the rain stop 
sad i don't wanna go back to work. I wish I could be a stay at home mom but doug won't let 
@firinel I don't know yet: there was a horrible accident in front of our home, but we have no info yet about the outcome 
hate it when he goes home, absoloutly gutted! 
mmm getting your blood taken doesn't make you feel too good. Not very excited about this medicine.  anna come home!
going to work... hoping i can find a ride home, bluuuhhdd. or else im screwey. 
@nannersiam our dog!  everybody is very sad back home...
hello twitters. miss my home! 
dont want to come home 
is at home fighting laziness... Trying to start studying 
at home.. sick 
Tired. And I forgot my headphones at home.  #fb
*sigh* I could sit around at home 
Waitiinq and waitinq to leave naenae's house ! i do not wanna stay here ; ! borinq as _____x :[  : i wish i was at home ! im nvr home tho 
@pmocampo Looks like power is going out everywhere around here. It's been raining almost non-stop since I arrived home, actually. 
on the way home. bye dallas 
@ayyorudy im not even home yet so I don't think I can go out tonight 
@laura_schalkle: jealooooous! I'm sitting at home. Doing nothing. 
hate being home alone on a sat nite 
Looks like im going straight home tonight, my friend just called and canceled on me cause its too late 
ugh. only half way home and we have been driving for ages  and macca's internet is sooo slow
not even half way home      
Just got home from state paintball. I'm tired as hell! 
Heading home with baby spit up on my clothes but I woven't have it any other way. I miss my nieces and nephew already 
Heading home with baby spit up on my clothes but I wouldn't have it any other way. I miss my nieces and nephew already 
On the way home after unsuccessful hunt for energy saver bulbs with screw cap. 
on my home from brisbane. tired and sick. i should probably be doing english 
@ArmyWife98 I'm on my way home.. And bummed I'm missin it 
@dee011902 I'm so heart broken!!!  I'm home by the way...I just got your text!!
trying to download apps and its taking forever to load the home page of the itunes store  this is gay.
Still ill, sleep done nothing! Going home now to do some of my 3000 word report! 
chillin at home sick 
is just gettin home and gotta sleep on the couch!! uncle passed out on my bed  I guess it runs in the family LoL
left.  on my way back home.
mum's gone out so i'm home alone. she left me a 'list' of stuff i gotta do 
just came home from prom (kinda disappointed) 
At home, maybe I didnt go enywhere w/ my familly today..everybodys busy and I feel boooring at home  just watchin dvd till drunk -__-
@Keels_90 Yay we left early haha, that was super boring!!! But yay lol home to clean up my mess 
Is on her way home 
I need to find a home but feel I dont belong anywhere 
Still in my jammies chillaxin watchinn shipwrecked .The letters from home always make me cryy !  :'(    
I duno why,, but suddenly my home become noisy!  aaarrrggghhh!!!
in the car on the way home D: /verysad 
home.. not feeling so good. sick 
i didnt see antonia cause she was grumpy so her mum had to take her home  sad times xx
is so bored at home tryna find somehing to do 
At work...not at home with my mommy. 
@theheroisme  Have a safe trip home love!
i cant board the plane fast enough...i wanna go home 
at home again. oh my gosh, i'm missing them so much .. 
On the way home from the shore. 
he probably doesn't appreciate my being around when I bump his coffee-pot home kinda hard, like I just did.  
@AlexNevamind ohh  when are you going home?
is at sbux waitin for the ferry to go back home 
@audaciousaudrey no they did not drive me home  I asked for directions and they said &quot;jump in! we'll take you there...&quot;
Biked down to molly moons, but the line was ridic so we went home empty handed 
On my way home...if I want something clean to wear tomorrow, laundry must get started...  I hate doing laundry.
home. finally!!! relaxing for 2 days. my hip needs the break!!! cant believe it popped out 
About to fall asleep in my own bed in my parent's home...feels great to be here but I miss everybody already 
Man I am tired right now...I'm home trying to fix my phone. This shi sucks!!! 
M'e over home editiom from vegas made me cry tonite. 
home from work and my fett hurt like hell 
im really excited to see my daddy..he's in work for a week..and he's now coming home!yehey! i miss daddy! 
@erendrake gee, i wish you were at home and not out drinking without me 
I miss you coach bag  hope you are happy in your new home
A lingerin' sadness dwells in my home after my siblin' didn't score what she expected in her 12th grade. 
at home &amp; sick 
At home wishing I was in monterey wit my girls  ....ugh.
m bck home ;) .. but still away frm net 
there is nothing to do at home. 
http://twitpic.com/54r6e - no! we didn't eat the little guy but i begged to take him home and he said no 
would rather stay at home and do the washing than go to work 
:'( i wanna go home.. i hate work :@ 
I hate being sick at home. 
im on the bus home and I've left my ring in emmas house 
my dad came home early from work, so I'm not home alone anymore  going to study..
goshhh i'm hungry and want it to go to starbucks soooo badly =/ but it's far away from our home ok it's not that far away but still 
Not doing much just at home on ma laptop pretty board 
just got home from the skul.. confused! perpetualite or bedan? i super want to transfer but der's a huge conflict!! 
Last retsina, said goodbye to the goats, home now 
home page says a 30min delay 
Headed to the compute doctor for my poor baby  just realized I left the power cord at home...crap!
is packing, home wud bound 2moz 
  forgot my lunch at home
Is rly stupid to have left her keys at home and now is sitting on the bench under her own window  R come soon save meeee...
i miss diego  i hate being stuck at home.
At home with a sick little boy... 
Watching a movie all by my lonesome  I miss my baby, but soon  he will be headed home.
Going to the home, didnt finish hp4 
finally on my way home! im exhausted &amp; my feet hurt 
hopes the power doesnt go out again  thunderstorms suck when ur home alone
just got home feel like shit 
Is watching troy play home.... I'm so bored 
home! but missing riley.... 
at home procrastinating...just spoke 2 my girl &amp; she's drinking our favorite drink right now...wish i had some 
of course now that i am finally home i feel like crap. haven't even gotten to really see john yet 
loves her j0b. talking to my brotherr from brasil; i miss home. 
On our way home from middlesboro to camp in the livingroom since its raining out 
god i miss you  come home soon &lt;3
Is crying b/c when I got home I saw that Stoie's kitten had died. We just had a lil' funeral for it....  
going out is fun but coming home to an empty place isn't  snugglin with meat head http://twitpic.com/5chn5
Should be out partying, instead, at home feeling like crap, coughing up a storm 
haha @JWall18 my parents will pick me up it's cool lol. @ily23smcc yaaa i gotta stay at my own home 
@dannygokey U brought me back2life. I was a zombie4months. U have NO idea how u saved me, literally. Wish we could meet when ur back home 
hmmm mums home late from work 
Sitting at home sick! 
no knockouts tonight    i like go home sleep
on way home from taylas  bored already. gunna sleep when get home.
Hey all.... my doorbell keeps ringing every 5 mins. I'm home alone buggin out. I think it's the weather but still. I'm scared 
@lovetf  thats no good. how are you going to get home?
Home sweet home. But nowhere near tired  i dont imma get any mimiz tonight.
I felt useless at home, I mean I can't even help my mom about household chores.. 
Really should have downloaded a copy of code before I left home... Only 3000 files to go... 
Really should have downloaded a copy of this code before I left home... Only 3000 files to go... 
ahh, just got home. its raining so hard, i got soaked!   but, good side to it all....wait..there is no good side! 
waiting for foster cats to go to their new home god this is the worst bit of it  gutted
sick...staying at home...  
home. deeply gutted. damnit FailMedia, i'm tired and i just want to watch football! eff you!  - home. deeply gutt... http://bit.ly/13qmkp
home!..... and its raining 
Ugggghhh, my foot hurts.... So tired mama  now I'm on my way home then prepare for om aldi's dinner birthday at indochine. So hungry!
M&amp;G and greet is awhile ago!??!?! i wanna cry    . we waited for him to go out. we didnt sleep.  and when i went home. he poofs out
CRINGE Fainted whilst lending my gardening skills and got send home  lack of breakfast and/or sleep suspected reasons!
parents are off to the ac/dc gig and I'm home alone.this day sucks! 
waiting on hubby to get home from staff duty!!!   
well...so much for the fun the dad is coming back home 
is heading home  call me i am going on the road for a while
i am so tired. just got home. and brought all my stuff with me. Not going back in the dorm.   
No plans for later!  Wow stuck at home again. Kbye.
My cat is missing because somebody accidentally let her out.  I hope she comes home soon.
On our way home from the shore. 
at home listening to music...mann i wish it would just rain already i feel like cuddling up with someone 
 now im home with nothing to do...boring!
family's at the cubs game while i stay home to do homework and look for my cabaret costume  anyone have some 20s apparel i could borrow?
just got home.. tired.. *sigh*  http://plurk.com/p/uei7r
@james_hancock bloodyell suprised that your still not walking home now haha! YOU BITCH! I carnt even reach 20,000 
They brought it from home and refuse to share.  their sister is practicing baking so they get cakes and pies every night...
On my way home 4m waco but I think I'm getting a cold 
went home sick from work 
Just got home... no longer cold or wet .... still tired and sunburnt 
i just ate lunch. but mommy came home.  boo!
wow can't believe I got send home from work. I don't want to get sick 
Hanging out at home kinda boring 
woah... feeling dizzy... home to rest me thinks 
at home chillin...really bummed 
@DavidArchie glad you're home safe. we miss you already here in manila.  please come back for a solo concert.  thanks for everything!
Probably should head home now. But they just brought out guitar hero! 
home time soon...some stuff to do, i feel like the bottom of a bird cage 
home from work now i have to cook tea 
thats cool i have 2 do home work very boaring 
Just got home from my bro's place.  I'm so tired!!! 
On my way back home now 
home early from tafe and really cant focus enough to do her script 
off to bed, wondering what to do tomorrow!  might have a sick kid at home with me 
wishing i was partying at the rodeo instead of lying down at home healing my potentially broken legs 
I just came home from skool 
@ home studying for maths wooot ! im so going to fail this shit 
my parents arnt home from work  its 7:00pm and im hungry too lol 
on my way to home &amp; its raining 
messy messy messy home...... lazy to clean up 
damn, I left my mp3player at home! and it's not that I forgot it: it must have slipped out of my bag as I was rushing out! I miss it... 
is on my way to home.extremely tired and not feeling well 
@cheskaaaa When are you coming home ba? 8-| 
just got home from hanging out with the gang. annie leaves  it came too fast.. i love you!!!
is about to pack his stuff to come back home. Probably won't be online that much for a while once I get back home  #fb
Any one awake???? I am I am at work  totally wishing i was at home in my comfy bed
watching reno 911, then sleep, then final taking, then home to study bleh 
misses her doggggg  come home babbbyyy. . 
at home not feelin wel 
hmm it's raining. I will get wet when i'm biking home! 
Oh my god my hangover has well and truly kicked in! I had to stop in 2 layby's to be sick on the way home and i have to go work at 1pm!! 
On bus now.. Going home to do project  - http://tweet.sg
I gotta go home man. This headache is killing me 
in studio, i wanna go home, fell like i may up chuck 
i could've gone home at 11, but i decided to stay back, thinking my DMPF groupmates would stay to do filming but i thought wrong 
in love with the old coheed&amp;cambria stuff... again. back in trier. home &lt;3 ... but leaving again tomorrow 
Something is wrong with my internet at home 
Walking home sans coat and it's bloody cold 
sick at home 
forgot my gym clothes at home  argh
Going home sick 
hey you.. I left my phone at home  I'll prob go grab it at lunch
Ugh! I was on the way to work and then had to turn around because I left my laptop at home! 
home sick,   givin up on my dreams.
@zanity ...an hour or two on the shirt, until you get home and the wife notices and you don't get any pudding. 
at home with my sad and sickly doggy 
can't help it &amp; keep looking back the last 5 years happy &amp; sad memories in his very house he called home.. He's going to miss his home.. 
i'm home, it's rainy, wet n cold...my pc arrives tmr but i'm off on an away job 
is at home sick 
all good things must come to an end. packing &amp; heading home  it's been a blast...bye bahamas!
@carrielee oh!  did you go all the way back home for your laptop?
Having break, sitting in my room, and wanna go home! This hotel is so ewww .... I hate it here!!!! I miss home 
I am soooo cold! Not even @ home so I can't nip off and throw a big warm jumper on  I'll just have 2 freeze
come home already! missing you to the moon and back 
Someone take me home 
i'd rather be at home sleepin 
@djhsecondnature same here, just returned home after a nightmare afternoon of clothes shopping with the mrs and my sanctuary is down 
Going home to drop off my books then going to my physics lab. I want sleep  can't wait for long weekend!
is finished working but really doens't feel like driving home 
Everyone at home, me in the office... 
@idazlious ummm well i was gonna ask if i could come over and watch skins with you but a)no one home, b)raining, c)clean room clean house 
@raincoaster Are you going home and to bed? What's up?!?! You got through your workload way too fast! 
Its hard getting up 4 work wen the kids are still in bed! I want 2 stay at home with them 
Has never been so happy to know that i'm going home.... But not until tmrw! 
drank too much wine.  feel like the wives, i miss the guys and want them to come home too.  wish i was out there with them.  
im too cranky to party, i got sent home by @charmaineadrina 
see this is what i hate about ejeets in the office!! coming in when they are ill  this is why every1 gets it, silly old sod, go home!!!!
@lostsoldier960  I love you more than anything baby! I wish you were home I miss you soooo much 
on the metrolink ready to get the train back home to s.wales...super sad to be going home, wish i could stay 
bt deee...cant go home earlier 
home safe n sound... time to do homework! ughhh  I'm starving someone bring me sum yummy after the club food
wishing i went to the melbourne high social instead of staying home. seemed gay before but it sounds like fun now 
tonsillitis strikes.   unpleasant feeling.   voice gone.  still contagious.  have medicine.   going home.  tea soon.  no whiskey 
people here at home are a bit preoccupied...and scary. 
came home to relax but has ended up feeling really ill  maybe i might have a quick sleep
i'm soo tired ( i just got home from greenbelt. grrgh!! i hate it when i got tired! haha! weird 
home alone and hungry! cant be arsed to go outside, its 6.30pm 
No more cuddling... On the way home now... I miss him already... 
on the way back home by herself 
I am talking with my father on skype. He said that the workers are breaking and removing the swimming pool at home. I am sad kitten 
I miss my fiance she's at her second home... work     lol  p.s. who in the world mows their lawn at 7:00 A.M.? hope they hit a stick lol
@EmilyAllTimeLow awws, you lucky ducky, haha, ill be looking for you on the tv, at home  not at the game , hahahahah
but im not in a very good mood now cause i was squashed like a sardine in the freakin' bus back home. 
At home and sick 
just came home from a night int he hospital and ii have food poisoning 
damn, i left my healthy coffee @ home!  guess i'll go w/this stuff in the room 
damn, i left my healthy coffee @ home!  guess i'll go w/this stuff in the room 
i want to stay home and do some job hunting but i have to help someone move... 
goin to class. then home to the hud office then to my grams. &lt;3. i miss my kitters  but ill see him later!
at home..jus waitin for some people tuh get home 4m skool!!..yes..muh man is still in skool..  
Thinking if library doesn't have a digital camera I may have to run home for mine and forego my great parking spot 
@xCraziiChiicax I just got home and I wanna sleep. But my mom won't let me 
omg.. wt happened? a helicopter is up above my home for more than 30 mins.. arh.. it's soooo noisy...... 
@joel134 buhu. we could have stayed home together 
havent even gone to work yet and am already ready to come back home 
@bedfordwolfie i hope ya don't hav to stay home for the rest of the year!!! how r u?!?!?! 
I'm excited! I heard my cousin is going to have her first baby tonight...I so wish I could b home with her 
At work wishin I was at home with wife and puppy!!!! 
On my way home for a lovely sit down...and then to do dishes 
goodness...home less than 24 hours....i hate bank holidays and am feelin bored 
Stayn home frm school goin 2 beach dis weekend  no internet connection there 
Aarrrrrrghhhhhhhhhhh .... drowning under an increasing to-do list, and everyone else has gone home 
just got home from work. .my radiator is messes up 
@LolaStarshine im back home now 
Ugh a relaxing vacation turned into stress, confusion, and heartache on my way home 
iam back home back to work 
Ugh a relaxing vacation turned into stress, confusion, and heartache on my way home 
noodle had another seizure tonight didn't think vets were open this late  just getting back home feel better dog
don't feel good ...wish I was at home 
Totally got shafted with duty and found out I can't come home for bro's graduation  http://myloc.me/1MGh
just getin home frm work sad and touching I know! smh 
@TiTUSofficial super sleepy, driving home 
looking out the window for my baby to come home...almost got to see b.scott so sad 
haa finally I got home, tired 
so like i saw a white butterfly earlier and i was like 'does that mean someone died' then once i came home i found out my godmother died 
@AnyMeans1 get home safe.hit me up when u get home.or mayb i will b sleep layin in my comfy bed in da warm house.while u wait 4 da train 
I am bored at home while the boyfriend is sleeping and i am killing some weird looking bugs around me 
@vghc  what's wrong with ppl back home.. i'm one of them y'know...
I'm at home. sad that i finished the last sookie stackhouse book  the next one needs to come out now!
Walking home- alannah and i are sad cause rehearsal was cancelled 
Just sprained my ankle on a drunk walk home.... 
huh, so bored today!!! i'm alone at home!!! someone help me!! 
my procrastination has GOT to stop... was planning to write this paper since i got home at 8!! and its 11 and i have 1 paragraph 
Missing my boo horribley,,,,,,,can't wait till he comes home 
@yahyan I said I would be able too after I got off work at 5 30 'cause I was off but my parents came home at 7 now there's no alone room 
home from atlanta  do not approve
Eating lunch..but with a heavy heart...can't imagine me eating while my cat suffer back home 
is sitting at home waiting to head to the hospital  update more later, Thanks jenn!
went home sick  said goodbye to my family from kansas 
done with my housework,feelng weary and feels like eatingcup noodles.  i h8 rotting at home!
Stranded on my balcony.. I've locked myself out of my own home someone come help me 
not super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with 
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover 
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to be over 
@crunchmonkey78 well i just got home and its not on till tmw at 530p but with comcast its on right now  but i didnt miss it
first puppy gone 2 new home. 
happy to b home .. then my mind wanders an I can't sleep 
just got home. im so effin sad 
@DontLetGo14 at home  im so lonely here...
i lost all my friends, i'm alone and sleepy..i wanna go home 
sleeping... would've been home sooner but we accidentally killed bambi on the way home 
Off to work now apparently sun shining not a valid excuse to stay home 
@jj1814 WOMAN, I didn't know you came home  you so suck!!! When are you going back!
is SO frustrated!!! I'm stuck at home without any transportation to the global god conference!!! Ahh 
On the way home. 
on the way home , no sleep  makeup and pedicure then graduation ceremony 
@AyeshaM13 bored in class. I wanna go home. 
stuck at home b/c my mom is sick and we haz not moniez 
Finally on my way home 
Going home... with sore #eyes 
@VarrenAKABabyV oh no not difficult. It's just nuts that's how you have to market yourselves on home turf 
Going home but will be back! After I get groceries and stuff 
editting crap on here in school is a drag. i give up lol ill do it at home. i wanna go home T-T my vida is so boring right now 
Up and moving... my dad home when he should be working.. im due to work at 12 
I want to go to my home!!! D: I don't like stay in the work all alone 
I am soooo hungry. But waiting for bf to get home, he has car trouble and is waiting for the mechanic to help him... 
@anz_rocks19  i have to break the twitterparty... im off home soon
family are home doesnt seem like they missed me at all tbh 
shit back home in tallcree (rez)  now i cant see my boyfriend
@apt10C I was walking home when he fell to the ground 
at home sick 
wants to go out tonight but cant get home 
i had a dream that i was going to my graduation &amp; i started crying...then i went home to take a nap &amp; missed it...then a bee stung me... 
@mrs_aaberg it certainly was their fault that I had to crawl all over the woods today but I'm afraid it would have broken at home too 
@blairangela I don't want to  !!!! I am going to cry all the way home!!!
I came home thinking that maybe there was something good to eat. Apparently not. 
after bragging about kitten cuteness, my cat never came home  i wanna throw up
Looking for food at home!.... nothing 
at home and sick    http://yfrog.com/17zw1j
found a swing set for sale 2 blocks from home, super cheap. I want it 4 my kids but no one is answering the phone # listed 
We are checking out and on our way home  I am rwady to be home!
Sadly, the time has come to put my mom in a home 
just when i get the music to start playing..i clicked &quot;home&quot; 
cant wait to get home. i hate my job 
@misst7 yes, actually, I am. When I'm home, moms does the laundry &amp; I do the babysitting. She broke something that didn't need 2 b fixed 
Off home ill from work. This man flu is hell 
I could live off of mediterranean food for the rest of my life. I miss home 
needs a new job either closer to home or worth the drive 
Loving the new skype! Especially for someone like me who lives half a world away from home! 
late for @mobicamp  sick kid at home, hope she feels better later tonite
I wanna go home, but I can't cause the customers won't leave... And my boss won't let me leave either 
sitting at home...need to be pricing the garage sale items...but i have no help so its boring by myself 
@msapples1985 yummmm make sure u leave some 4 me im home cleaning up working mad hard 
I wish my roommates were coming home soon  maybe i should take a nap to waste time
@designbreaker Nothing, stayed home 
Is heading home from foot surgery and wishing she had a boyfriend to come over and cuddle with 
still at home goodness 
j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo, but if i'm in a collared shirt then chances are you're staying home tonight 
kind of.i'm trying to make sure i have everything yet still look after the boy.hubby isn't home yet 
staying at home. unpacking!!!! crap! 
mommy coming home from vegas tonight! going to pick her up later in islip her plane doesnt get in until 10:40. KILLME. i want my mommy 
oh and i forgot my cell at home  thankgod for this crackberry
at home sick 
lost at home depot  http://yfrog.com/13ti6j
@mileycyrus aww homesick  i feel you! im homesick for my 2nd home, campp
@TwiObsession  i cant im stuck at home with my parents    wish i could though.... 
@scotolsen hey I am not gonna be able to stop at home b4 work 
Eating nachos on the boat back to the city...def need to hit the gym whn I go back home 
home tired  and is kinda upset
Sitting...alone...at home...and in dire need of someone to talk to 
show was super fun. driving home with howard. my head hurts 
@kkryan idk why that's happening  and i'm sorry i'll try to twitter more but home is boring
I should be at home watching the game but instead in waitin on my sister in the valley  http://myloc.me/22Nf
My battery is about die! And i'm not even home yet! This sucks! 
The stubborn effin cows have not come home yet! In fact, they are miles and miles away from my property 
ridiculously tired, on the way home  don't text me i need sleeeeeep!
@rajiedas @kath3000 doesnt work for me...hills hills hills!!!!!!!!  i dont get home til 8pm anyway....
I wish @beejaypee would get home already so we could have oodles of sex 
dshfiojsdofjiosdhfsdfuihvihxcnsoihfdsf this is how i feel. i need to dye my hair. roots are not cute. i miss @livaalovaa  come home
I'm being held hostage at home by one very upset tummy 
@dani3boyz She fell asleep and missed our plans... so I came home. 
done with the show and headed home. im tired 
@danadearmond why arent you home 
On the train home from work. I think somethings seriously wrong with my back 
@dannygokey oh no that sucks  well, at least you're home!
So I always fall for a guy who ends up leaving far away...  he goes back home to russia soon and I do not know what to do now. :/ lame ...
home from wrk and shopping now cracking down to do skool work and assignments  
had TONS of fun with my cousin but really wish she didnt have to go back home to iowa 
On my way home. It is early. I forgot my panda 
poor cass  but you'll see your husband when he gets home 
Frnds back from india so pissed... they hated their holiday back home it seems  dunno y they say tht!!!
 ... had weird encounters with so many homeless/creeps on the walk home tonight all by myself   awesome... really...
On my way home.....so sleeeeeepy......got a 30 minute drive...  sucky
@monpio &quot;... And I came home early and you're all dressed up. What gives?&quot; Then he went on about the ugly homeless look.. 
came home to no hubby  getting waaayyy too dependant on sleeping next to someone. We can never break up now, lol.
just came home from wedding rehearsal  suuuper tired. &amp;i still dont know what to do tmrw. ugh
I wanna go home tears 
is on my way home 
Anyone in the mood to give a few tired bikers a lift home from malin head?  its looking like a 70 mile pedal back home at the minute.
why is it that everytime i'm going home from work, it starts to rain.. 
dolled up, prim and proper just to be sent home for looking so pale and sickly. this isnt fair, i can still move despite a 38.1 whattt!!! 
on the way back home. 2cold and 2wet outside... 
Just fubared by home dir...  looking for a backup
way ill  and has 2 maths papers to do before mum gets home. Is that humanely possible?
@TheGatt at least your not stuck in a shop wearing a horrible polyester tunic watching preople eat out in the sun  I want to be at home!!
remembers why she hates bringing work home... everything is ergonomically uncomfortable 
Driving home with no sleep  ahh ily &lt;('-')&gt;
so tired  home alone tonight.  ehhh.
@keza34 oh i havent, ive bn sat at home with withdrawels, so not good 
wants her sister to come home 
i'm sick  and home sick! stay in bed!! wish someone could stand by my side right now! 
&quot;home is where the &lt;3 is&quot; - what if you have half of your heart in one place and the other half in another? 
stay at home, no where to go. zzz. i really miss my boyfriend 
stay at home, no where to go. zzz. i miss my boyfriend 
On the way back home 
cant see the purses  locked up.  whats with the move?? new home?
staying at home,I don't feel like goin out 
i  dont approve of me missing the bgt final  it starts at 6.45 , i donnt bloody get home till half  10 x
@MusicalProdigy  that's not good! *flowers* I'm heading home now feeling sleepy. He's unloved right now for a reason!
@LesleyLambert I'm hurting for a java   home brew or starbucks?
is sleepy like hell but is not home yet..  http://plurk.com/p/x816f
has been watching a real housefire being put out by many firemen opposite my home. there's now a gas leak which will be sorted soon 
in the aeroport, waiting for the plane to land to take us back home....i'll miss you puerto rico 
@ktabez125 lol its goin, I'm beyond frustrated with being home  I need to find a job asap just so I can get out of here!
spent last night in jail, spanish laws are stupid, I can't even kick a neighbor who invades my home. And no comm. with the world 
home alone again tonight - did get invited to a bbq but don't have the address and no one is answering their phone 
going to play wow - babying my noodles (his shoulder is all messed up and he came home from work already) 
Just missed the train.  oh well, home to figure out the best way to get to #makerfaire!
I'm a very hot mess right now  Wish I was at home sleeping...
@dizzybunny home computer  broke so have to do some of my work here.
@rosiesiman &quot;She's going to a good home.&quot;  It's like giving away a pet - they're family too!
@DJNEPTUNE ahhhh my home!!! wish i was there now  missing it a little.....
At home watching spongebob , i want a bf 
On da way home wit @jayeire 
has a teasle stuck in her sock and is still half a mile from home 
heart broken without our cat home.  gonna go post some more notices hopefully someone found him and will bring him home where he belongs
Heading to the nursing home, my G-ma not doing very well.  
well we got a kitty..took her home. introduced her to butters..and they didnt like eachother at allllll. so we had to take her back 
@dancer4lifex no! I'm not home  i promise I will write three paragraphs then, I will show them to you tonight.
@CheesyCaro haha okay  i wanna go buy it now but no one's home  my mom left like 5 minutes before i found out haha. what else is new lol
bored outta my mind at home 
sulking because i've been home for 2 days and already i'm starting to peel! i don't wanna lose my tan! 
at work....i wanna go home 
There's alot of girlfriends here... I'm not a fan of that. I'm chilly and left my blazer at home. 
so since i've been home from chicago my dog hates me! she wont come near me and runs away when i call her 
my phone is gettin on my nerves...wanna go home and use the lab top 
MAJORLY confused  I wanna spend time at home with people where I can get a hug rather than here on my own 
@annagurl so do I   im gonna be at the lagias house later, the boys are back home 
stuck at home with nothing to do! 
trying to get my baby to come home right now..job is not worth it..no one deserves to be trated like crap 
@home, couldnt get in!  i forgot my keys, now i gotta wait for my brother!! hopefuly he has his keys lol!! :-p
Someone is still taking a nap &amp; not helping--&amp; it ain't me! I'm in the home office &amp; feel trapped. So much to do; so little time. Yikes! 
my kitty hates us for bringing home a baby and not kittens.  She has been avoiding us since we came home, with no sign of relenting.
Off to work, home around 1130 probably  visit me at eskimo king or text!
Its freaken cold too. No wonder I'm still at home 
@andyjudd la cancion home is where the heart is me hce llorar a mares 
being dragged into a home store - yuck 
I've been home alone scince 1. my mom needs to hurry up. im getting hungry! 
@MissJizzle But, I just wanna stay home and be comfy and relax. 
On my way home shud get home at 1am cant wait 
@BlakeVE no fair I wanna go but I have no internet and I'm not home  will u guys do another 1 soon?
I'm stranded at home because my sunroof is broken and its raining out and I'm eating triscuits and cheese cause I have no groceries. 
looks like I'm stuck home alone for the night  ordering some food and finding a movie to watch I guess
This is boring  at home without parents and without being able to do anything!!
Is back at home in bed, I've got to be good- internship starts monday, wish the boy had come with me though 
one more saturday in home! 
just arrived at home, i saw tha puppies but didn't bring anyone, we still can't - so sad 
my doggy ran away... hoping she will find her way home!   
Is bored and hating being home alone. 
@kayt_marie grades came home. phone got taken away 
Just got home from the mall,I actually couldnt find anything to buy 
Just got home from shopping. I couldn't find anything cute 
hella bored!!!!!!!!!!!!! at home by myself 
I miss my bubby.  He's coming home soon!
@MizzMadrid to pick me up and drop me off home makes me feel like a burden. 
staying home...i need to get better for the 7th.... it's no fun when you sick 
So bored at home but somehow not motivated to go out. I miss my boo 
@RobHolladay it looks like lebron is going home 
My brother is missing!  Now all i can do is wait &amp; hope he's alright &amp; comes back home...
drive-in was sold out.  watching nick and nora at home instead.
@candidcomments you just made me hungry for my aunty's dishes back home in hawaii  haha
@eckdorable ok, unc left her home all alone so I had to go over there n help her. He left her as soon as she got home 
And I just imagine how it is when I'm not home to pull his fat ass off her and stop biting her 
Nearly home, feeling slightly travel sick though 
Aaaaaaa boring at home wondering why everything turn so boring at hometown, maybe I miss people to hang around! 
Bumming at home  yeah I'm lame lol I know
Going home 2morrow ugh 
Just got home, nobody here 
at home doing nothing. 
@bree_1287 i miss my real friends who are normal!  i cant wait to come home women.
&lt;---just got home, and is missing her friends on here tonight 
stuck at home b/c i'm sick 
@gingerandhoney i would not have been much fun - excess of snot + tiredness + frustrating coworker sent me home for miso, and then bed. 
have to pause one tree hill  and wait for mum to come home she doesnt want to miss it hopefully she brings credit
@tnnkotbgirl I have tried clicking home. I don't know what the deal is cuz I still have to go to your page to see what your sending me. 
@Missred187 still driving home from seattle....didn't make the bout 
Elese go home now. I miss her. 
I miss my boyfriend..come home 
Just got home,nothin to do 
just got home from thenababes casa. i hate going home early!  now i'm waiting for my mom to get ready &amp; goin' to wal-mart lataaah.
@DJTGUTTA I didn't go c it  now im just at home zooted watchin my bloody valentine
@MarissaC500 oh no, we had a layover in ny. We're home now 
Nothing belongs to me ....... in this home  =(
Heading home. I can't believe it's only 1 ammm. I don't really wanna go homeee.  Since when does everyone go to bed earlyyy.
@Rubyletters morning to you. I also got home sick from bloggirls.  Just dosed myself and back in bed with a cuppa. How're you feeling?
Ohhhhkaye. I'm not even two blocks away from home and I already miss the girl!  seperation anxiety begins...
Oh my I haven't been on here for a while. Waiting for a plane, coming home from paris 
@bella456 she went out with some friends and left me home all alone and hungry    *sniff*
locked outttt of my hoousee w. rico, dima &amp;kris,waiting for mama to get home 
@ULIKEumTALL I'm staying home tonight  I'm getting over a cold and I don't wanna make it worse...have a shot for me though ;]
home from fiddle... i hate getting colds 
At home sick 
home // so bloody tired now  // cold rock take two tonight? hopefully
@jeremydurden you should! You have no idea jeremy... come home 
I have nothing to dooo.  I wish I was back home. ( I hate thiss.
watching home made...yea mum's got the remote 
Someone take me home 
@ShYnInStAr lol I'm on the j goin home 
@siskack got home with nothing but a heavy head  must be the heat and titles reading at the bookstore...
ugh internets still dwn at home 
stuck at home...heavy downpour 
Everyone has buggered off to the beach and left me at home because I have a driving lesson at 6pm 
@micahcr Me too!!!! I'm really ready for home sweet home... I'm just a bit further away though 
@sohailanjum  london now, but visit southampton often as the parents are there. but theyre hardly ever home 
thinks her boyfriend is the best and i miss him sooooooo much  cum home xx
my guys are playing golf, my daughter heading for the beach and I'm home doing laundry, emptying the garbage and doing dishes. 
mom, please come home as soon as possible. i'm so hungry and so does maxie 
I slept wrong on my neck and damn if it dont hurt like hell... all stiff and what have u ugh....i have alot of cleaning to do at home 
on my way to church...had fun last night but im too tired .sh0outs outs to the home team![i def burned a hole in da sidepanel of my car] 
just got home from driving around the bay and now the sun is coming up... aww man 
On my way to home.. So tired! 
 ma plans have changed. and now i must stay at home... soooo sad
@regins please get home to me 
Hanging out at home, nothing to do and broke 
why can't i play music on my multiply home page?  http://plurk.com/p/xf5mo
@artsychic5 thnx, I've worked on a nursing home almost 14 yrs, I know just how tough it can be 
wow, rough night.  but going to see angie later, then home. finally. i cant wait to see my baby.
I'm tired of being at home with nothing to do. 
Not fun = waking up sick in a city 1100 miles from home.  Time to locate some meds.
Looks like I'll be watching the wings from home... alone, again. 
buhu...my sisters are on their way back home... 
On the way home 
Should be helping the 4m move, 'stead I'm home sick 
life is 100x more boring when there is no groceries in the house. ugh. my dad keeps forgetting i'm home for the summer 
How is it I got home @ 6 this mornin from the hospitial n yet I'm awake this is not cool 
back home, a lot of homework to do 
wants to be at the bbq at home... thanks for the invite ! 
my dad likes the show numb3rs so i always made sure to find out when its on when im home and its on now in enlgnad, making me homesick 
@JohnTShea I'm in central walking back home now.  I thought it was closer sorry
I'm home...  I wanna go back to the lake
at home sick 
Missing the parental unit (my mom) prettiest lady in the world. I can't wait to get home, miss her 
I am a dork. I went out to run errands this morning and when I got back home I noticed my zipper was down 
is back home. bored. going to work on project again in a bit 
just got up and need to clean house befor emom gets home from the baseball overnighter i wasn't invited to. 
Awww hurry up time  I wanna go home
heading home from sunny tampa.  i wish i could stay in tampa forever...
on our way home 
sitting at home, sick 
is back home and missing the guy she met at the beach 
at home chillin, damn the weekend flies by quickly 
too much on my mind. i can't sleep. coming home to reality is really killing me 
just got home from gettin a drink but now i want chips  if i only would of thought of it while i was out, oh well nothin i cant handle :p
just got back from the beach have no idea how I managed to space this tweet like this, droppin andrew home soon 
I wish I could be back in elgin with @DeannaElaine06 we no longer share a home 
on the way home 
I'm hot and tiredd  but got some new clothes frm urban outfitters. On my way home
quality time with my [PRiNCESS] _ some noqqin and&amp;' toyzs! dhen eatinqg dinner dhat my babi3e cooked for me&lt;3 dhen back home 
@TANGG that's not good I feel sorry for peeps who don't have beaches I have two within walk distance of home 
stuck at home. wish i could go shopping. sucks! 
On my way home but stuck in traffic    i wanna go home 
coming home from the lake with kelsey 
@thestorygoes im at grandmas, sick, throwin up everywhere. they sent me home from work 
On the way back home 
Friends at the rally and I'm at home studying  boring
@ashuhleyx  i would but im getting a ride home with my friend and she only has her provisional lisence 
about to head home in a little bit 
storm clouds chased us home. loud party still going on at church.  makes me wish for that home in the quiet countryside.
unpacking like crazy! will miss everyone back home though 
Just held the most beautiful blue rat, he tried to get in my purse, wanted to come home with me 
hmm back home yay I feel like i never sleep her 
@davekennedy ok. heh I did enter the hgtv dream home giveaway in sonoma county - didnt score 
this doesnt feel right, being home totally alone. anyone spare 5mins to pop round and give me a hug? 
my arms are jello. never buying a ton of groceries again to carry home alone. 
@sidanshugupta Ahh, you know, I'm just hosting it out of my home  I'm debating whether it's still a good idea, I'm an awful server admin
Has returned home from the beach  &amp; I have almost come to a decision on the-my first car debate with my bf.
http://twitpic.com/6d3hd - i miss my home &amp; everything in it.. i need it!!!!!!!!!!! 
taylor, i miss you come home to mee 
on my way home to study for finals and do homework. 
I just wunna be at home right now. wearing regular clothes. in my bed  grrrrr.....
I thought my boyfriend would have came to see me after work.  Looks like he's just gone home 
has just noticed how bad the sunburn actually is. It's got worse since I came home... How does that work 
Going home, im tired, and i still have to go to the gym to work out. 
at home sick 
Sitting outside home, forgot my key and there's none home 
@DKJ63  yeah I have owned my home for years but sadly the neighborhood is not what it was when I bought it. 
@hello_jodie please keep updating! I'm at a baseball game 4 hours from home and won't get to watch 
@ashbaby_02 naw cuz i went to sleep when i got home....i want some brusters but nobody will take me 
broke her favorite sunglasses on the ride home. 
Leaving wifey now to return home  http://myloc.me/2e9v
is at home sick 
at home- bored- wish i could take a long walk through the neighborhood but w/e cant !    i feel confused o.o
at home. wishin my boyfriend was here 
@ciaobella6 u may have 2keep me updated idk if ill b home yet 
feelin pretty good...@ home and wonderfully fed...but I'm missin my sweetheart 
I'm back home from the beach  now I'm about to take a nap bc I'm soooo tired..LOL
Headed home from tims cabin 
I'm going home and putting a heating pad on my back.  This pain is brutal!
so my mom comes home with three meals...and there are four of us here....guess who got left out 
back home from disney and it's really sad 
@BrentLauren what is everyone watching with eminem?? i just got home I feel all left out of the jokes 
@paulina1 so sorry that I missed it!  Just got home and we had internet connection problems.
just got home. rip best friends old house. 
stuck in traffic @ battery tunnel. need to get to hoboken then dumbo. not getting home until late  boo.
Nvm we got denied  on the way home.
I miss everyone back home 
My mama came home and left me again 
I miss d bay  ill b bak its all good here doe might just b home sik
I think I have accidentally gotten myself a ride home from a crackhead 
yayayayay 308 and then the best sleep everrrr! keykey come home 
still ill, working at home to avoid spreading illness  #fb
arrived at home now. wanna service my camera 
i9t's rainy and i'm sunk too deep in retarded dramarama re: academia and tennis. i want to stay home and sleep. 
flight j got in . i dont wanna be home  anyone keen to fly away with me ?
http://twitpic.com/6e4vs - cant get home soon enough! 
im gonna miss my best friend.  be safe in utah baby. ill be waiting for you to get yo booty back home!!!!
I knew i had sun stroke! just got sent home sick 
5am. I am home and my dog attacks me and slobers all over my blanket 
havnt twittered in a while lol at home sick 
Sorting contents of apartment - spread all over. What's sentimental enough to be worth the hassle and expense of bringing home? 
oh no, i think julie is going home 
On my way home, coffeeless 
on the way home dreaming of my bed and dreading writing yet another paper 
I am sitting here with with my best mate lol just came home from the maths exam 
@PK_1 is that you wondering because they're not not here, or asking out of interest? i'm at home - inside - booo 
is bored and wants 2 out on sunshine!!! but no1 is abt  dam it wit this place wana go home 
why why why??? gotta go to see the dentist, can't stay home and might go home late 
I miss mommy and daddy; wish they were in town!!!  Being home doesn't feel right without them.
I miss mommy and daddy; wish they weren't out of town!!!  Being home is lonely without them.
I'm finally back home! Spending sunday protecting my camp gate from monkeys really sucks 
@dufffer I have a throat infection! I've been told to stay home tomorrow so I won't be there to cuddle you or put pubes on your desk 
On r way home...  
on my way home now in d lrt headin taman melati. wish i could roam around but i cantttt 
the internet at my parents' home is way to slow 
chilling at home way too windy and cold to be hanging outside 
I'm on my home to the city ;-) Its bitter sweet cause I just left my bff and I'm going to miss her 
12 hrs of shooting only to be stuck in dead stopped traffic on the way home 
enjoying the sun, but i still miss the sea. wish i could be in spain, my sec. home 
@timsta789 thanks bud!! what r ur plans for the summer? r u @ home  i miss everyone
heading home from plymouth for the last time 
back home from work and i'm officially dead, my feet and arms hurt sooo bad 
i dont wanna be in college anymore  i want to be at home! talking to leeum!
@sharebear817 I was doing 75mph both ways.  It took forever to get to my friend's house, but felt like 10 minutes to get home! 
I have been ultimatum'd. If I don't get a job soon, the parentals are coming to take me home. 
Leaving for home..fml I'd really rather not. Long islands tonight? Anyone? 
Just woke up, about to bring my grandma and aunt to the airport for their trip back home to the philippines 
I'm up for good now hubbys still not home 
chilling at home and missing jj 
twittering at my home while doing sam learning? 
At home sick 
At work, i left my ipod at home. 
leaving work to get a bite to eat worried about my cat at home he ate some string last time he did this he almost didnt make it 
The drive home was pretty revolting; I feel like a damp rag 
@hanaabanana It's ok, the one at home earlier didn't work for Me either  x
home with sooo many projects to do  why!?!?! in need of another getaway!
News coming from peeps who've already headed home that the M40 northbound is still stuffed ... looks like it's the long way home for me 
awwww gotta mister who wants to come home early......my lovely peace &amp; quiet is ended  longest D has been away from us.
Working from home with sick girl. 
home..doing some random stuff and just hanging out. Where is the sun?! 
@home again... missin' my honey so much 
@Nosreplive temp home?  that doesn't sound like fun!  
has one baby home sick and just found out my grandmaw fell and broke her shoulder   worried about both!!!
@G0ddessbaby i don't even know where to get cayenne pepper?? i am at work anyway  can't just be sick at home or anything
wishes she could have stayed home longer during lunch with her hubby.   
hubby is home with a tummyache  i hope if he gets some rest he will feel better
Its not fair that some ppl get to go to the beach while others have to stay home. 
i miss my hubby!  come home honey boo!!
@iheartrocknroll okay going there, now..I'll have to send the pics from home, I don't have them here at work. 
just finished eating my mcdonalds. im bored at home now! 
I miss my work dog  but she deserves a good home
It's quite chilly now. And I forgot to put cocktails in fridge for when we get home. D to the oh 
&quot;meghan come home soon so we can put together hello kitty puzzles.&quot; - caitlyn. 
leaving maine for home. 
@cherrychpstkluv u suck  I'm going home wasted 12 bucks
is at home, sick... 
Yes, yes they can:  http://www.thebeatles.com/core/home/  
Heading back home from bluff falls. I think I'm going to be sick if they stomp on the brakes again. 
I hate the london transport sometimes.  All I want to do is get home and its taking far far too long! 
just got home, didnt get a car  Going to work now
I'm at home sick.  missing softball, the BEST sport in the entire world! Dangg.
@YoungQ aww man im not home yet just got on the train, 
@mekkanikal dunno. I hope it begins to work when I reach home. It's a scary situation. Just can't log in  #facebook
is hanging at home; hoping i'll get to see my mom and cathy s o o  n  text it!
@harrietrobson nope  even rang the home phone from my mobile to be sure. i'll give her til tonight before i really go apeshit
just ate my moms dinner, sooo good  I miss home all the time   http://twitpic.com/6fei7
@azveganchik  youre not home yet?
Leaving home (portland) for home (london). Will be there tomorrow  It's always hard flying east.
spin was crap. i wasnt even their for even half an hour and i went home 
@unpluggedxo aww  ill give you a ride home ;)
surfing the internet just for something to do... sick at home in bed 
home from melbourne 
...home now, listening to good music and looking at my big pile of paperwork. 
at home, sick 
tlking to ma mum n missing home  quiet alot actuli feels lke ages since i was last there 
Ah just home from mums no joke you should have seen all the flies outside I swear I think they've given me malaria  LOL bad times
Eating at the hospital. It comes in handy when there's nothing to eat at home 
home from work and exhausted all i wanna do is eat and go to sleep 
@krees91 lol, i still need to geta camera...  iam back home now so sesh or something soon
Wahhh 1 hour and 20 mins before I'll get home.  On my last break...
Just got home from shaws  couldn't even be with my bf on his break 
home 4rm work; but soo bored!! damnnnn 
What pisses me off-- freeloaders........they bring a 12pack and take 6 home BUT they drank 12+ an some shots............ 
&quot;You may find that you are visiting someone who is confined in a hospital, rehab center, nursing home, or other institution&quot; Not again 
We have small group at neighbor's at 7:30 &amp; hubby went in early so he'd make it home in time but he's not home...prob have to go w/o him 
wrappin up the illest session i've had in the longest!! bout to head home and tend to @p_downing!! poor baby hurt himself playin ball 
@liltortillaboi ...I was gonna say just bring my lid but I have boxes to take home 
I've officially grounded myself. I have to stay home tonight and do laundry and clean house and stuff. 
Being sick away from home has to be the worst - no one to take care of you  try to refrain from the parties long enough to get well!
wish i had my skateboard...too bad it's at home 
@KockiTsRanduM: Being sick away from home has to be the worst - no one to take care of you  try to refrain from the parties long enou ...
is at home sick 
wishing my sister would come home soon. its pretty lonely here without her 
: Looking at piles of my books that used to live at work.  Trying to work out where to put them at home.  Boxes in the garage? 
@KBrizzle I wanted that for dinner! But I was too lazy so I just made something at home 
ugh..i am so tired, and i think i might have caught a cold   and i hungy daddy get home please
home! bout to sleep; DICKLOAD of work tomorrow after school  fml fml fml...
failed miserably at the friendship bracelet  still need a home for little bella.
My marios sicky poo     I'm just home watchinn the hills n chillaxin
Is hanging out with my red headed love heather so sad she's leaving me in 2weeks 4 good  back home to cali i will miss you my damie dame.
I'm so proud of myself I worked out when I got home from work, only now I'm wired and cant get sleepy 
At home, and I miss my boyfriend like crazy! 
@paulsamples I can't believe you tweeted that while I was driving yr azz home from work 
Dogs are on their way home  oh well I will see them again soon hopefully!
stay at home......... and do nothing 
@dosx2 my computer at home is broke too  but I've got cs4 at work so I guess that's cool
just found out my besties not coming home for summer after all!! this sooo sucks i miss her sooooo much!!!!!!!!! 
@marinadp home sick and I can't sleep 
i got totally emotional right now.  why cant little sisters stay little forever. home movies....
missing @mattbunsen   come home already! you goin' to viva?
@Kcatz check @itsjustdi I think she posting. too short: we had t get home to sitter. 
hey...so im still frustrated...internet not working at home yet  but im using it from work he he!
@ThisIsDub just got home from the studio a lil tired but I can't sleep 
it's annoying that they decided to go watch a movie after they dropped me home...  i hate my parents...
@alsoekim it stopped raining, and the sun came out, so i rode to the plaza in just a t-shirt... was bucketing down on the way home 
Aw, snap - looks like rain for the ride home 
just got home..with anew pencil case but no country road bag..they didnt have the one i wanted 
working from home on a big presentation....WISHING my wireless stretched into the garden 
At home and sick. 
I know i put my keys in my bag...except i didn't. And now i'm locked outside and gab isn't home and i'm tired and sick 
is bored at home and there's nothing on tv!! 
I'm hungry, but there's nothing really to eat here at home 
The wifey has gone home now 
being sick and at home isn't fun if you can't even read a book due to lacking cocentration 
I only slept about 40 minutes .. stayed at home cos I'm sick 
Me is scratched and has a dent  poor x3 I just feel like crying, math lab until 10 comming home and laying out if it's warm enough...
hopefully that pandemic exercise won't be activated tmw..*finger crossed* lugging the 2+ kg home again... 
I left my ipod at home 
Home sweet home....didn't really get to sleep on plane  ...this red-eye was not so good....worst part of all...the bag I left has my keys!
got home from the english exam and flopped it, nice....there were no clouds to stare at through the window even though I sat at the back, 
At home... I don't know what happens to me 
going home. laundry. shower. nap? sister goes home  then chillin with my baby. getting his bday present today.
home... sitting... wanting jess to be on.... 
Debating whether I should stop at a rest area. I'm sooooo sleepy..I shouldve listened to my mom an slept before I left. 
I dont wna rot at home during june hols....... 
I accidentally ran over a frog on my way home from work.  I hope it wasn't Kermit.
@pray4plagues my friend got an over 18 ticket for friday to buy us drinks, but I have to drive home  haha
@Mimidncr96 haha i think i can picture that! Lol ugh my mama just called and said i got to get ready in 10 minutes!  im home alone! Lol
Here's a bummer: somehow my home is one of the few spots east of the mtns where it isn't raining! 
@rose_janice I did  but sadly t is one of those ones that i left on my external at home in aust 
home early from work sick 
i miss @JamieVallentine  but @emilygolightly comes home tmrw finally!
I'm going home,wish I could stay in town and enjoy this weather,sadly everyones to busy 
At home after 4h of training with hills, need to rest now...  I miss my wife....
i am hungry.  mother dear isnt home yet haha I wonder whats for tea....
so cold outside i wish i could stay at home, but i have to make a geography homework in a friend's house. i'll cry 
gettin ready to move some things back home 
@tecasse sign yourself out. Thats what i did; im home now. I still feel like puking 
at home bored. need somethin to do 
working. working. and more working. I wish I could stay home with my kids 
All good things must come to an end- packing the bags, gathering kids toys, we are headed back home from vacation 
@angandrada I'd like to.. but multiply is not accessible here in the office.. but I'll try.. sorry.. don't have internet at home..  
sick at home 
At the doctors  bored going to 4-H meeting for sis next then finally home! yay im so tired
Going home sick 
chillen at home. hw suck... 
back at home. its so dang nice out. hanging with linds probably later on. i don't want to go to my court hearingggg tomorrowww. 
i legit cant feel my legs- 3.5 mile run was a killer. home now 
being sick away from home is not good 
my house is not my home anymore. there i said it. ouch! sorry mom  i still love you and shobe the same.
@bem123 hey just gto home form swimsuit shooppingg! and i didnt get anything again!  are you still having a water fight?
at home cooking......wish i had somebody to talk to 
@chefali How do I find out how to donate my magazines? We have way too many. I was going to give them to the rest home but they closed 
just got home.. miss charleston so muchhhhh! 
Just got home from some intense swimming. All sunburnt though. 
@dammh At home sick, actually. 
Why do ppl I know have to move in apts I wanna be in! When I'm stuck at home saving money 
Ahhh goal on empty net  makes me sooo sad! 2-1 series... At least the wings can win the cup at home now!
I'm feeling very lonely  why my mother don't want to stay at home or go out with me  - http://tweet.sg
chillin at home watching some sportscenter, sox streak is over   but wait, the cubs have just a knob slobbin of a record!
I hate myself for not knowing daddy's going home early. I'm ruining the plan 
Feeling like crap... Can i move home yet?...... 
@teepham i have no idea BUT im home in bed 
oii devs that i dogged claire and forgot to go on when i got home 
@kysol I goof around on a G5 at home. At work it's a PC. 
at home...nothing to do and the boy is asleep 
I'm feeling hungry. well as usual. and there's nothing to eat at home! 
my heart is so heavy. i miss my sister! shoko have a safe flight home to japan! just watch ps i luv u and now i feel like crying 
@wrenagade Missed my flight  wishing I was in the bay now. I miss home and the mister even my job.
@Tatterededges and I am not even normally home then  -normally working-it is so not fair-I felt like throwing all phones against the wall!
didnt get home till 7:10pm &gt; because the stupid bus broke down after rehearsals! and also i was waiting with......benji pitty me! 
@motchick  get thee home quick smart!!
watched a sts dvd of old photos and home movies..so im going to sleep on a nostalgic, sentimental, wishing, missing, and saddening note 
Just got the word that one of my ferrets back at home isn't doing so well 
gah! the drilling in the office at work has started already and i've left my headphones at home 
Feeling sick  Going home...
at home bored trying to find something good on tv...grrrrrrrrrrr i can't sleep 
@bogart17: He went home already. 
@Musojourno well, happy looking/shopping (while I sit at home feeling ill and sorry for myself  *sniff*)
stay at home dad over, back to work  
@sarachew I've missed you loads lately I'm so homesick just wanna come home and chill in the sun 
@BecaBear yeah was alright I guess. The bus trip home was unbearable, I have a bad headache 
sick at home 
is back, haven't been anywhere interesting, actually just been hanging at home, was trying to make my life sound more interesting 
goin back home  ... standin on hyderabad intnl airport ... miles ahead when compared to bial blore ...
@krailton No sunshine here  - still wish I was at home rather than work though!
got back from spain yesterday. didnt want to come home 
Anyone else find it extremely hard to go to work when the kids are at home?? 
The holiday was great and I have a lovely golden tan - shame I had to come home 
Is chilling at home awaiting a phonecall to go into hospital for an operation on my neck 
@ItGirlSerena you're welcome! I'll just be at home studying for finals! looks like we're both in a stupid situation! 
stephi is in the train on her way home with the kids! yay! not-yay: she possibly caught the flu and is starting to get a fever.  #fb
@OhSweetNibblets anywhere i can get a job LOL ive had interviews twice at a fancydress store, topshop, argos and pets at home but no luck 
my grandpa died  ... I need to find a away to get back home as soon as I can... hope he's better wherever he is now..
has just come home from work and is going to do my coursework  boooo
@isalou yeh walk on my own? beach on my own? all my friends from uni r home and all my home friends r at uni  i'd like to be in a van atm
@jlusujith am @ home now... wont reach his house until 9 even if i leave now 
Sometimes I hate being home where my moms frikin mouth runs faster than my internet 
well I have done it.  I have gone of and left my brain at home.  Now no way to talk to my sweetie! 
successfully transported  an ice lolly back into my home base down my bra... without the evil mom intercepting!!! poor boobies 
In the my sister's car ! I'm returning home  i had a great walk with my friends!
@karmachord It's a bit burned - the microwave here is stronger than my one at home 
home with a sick little one. 
@christinaconkln BYEEEEEE  its not going to be the same without you!!! Don't annoy gail too much on the trip home!
sick at home   so not liking this at all
My internet's broken at home, I wish B3ta.... 
sick at home 
@khrystyne yay for you sis! i'm stuck in traffic on my way home ugh 
On the train home cause I have red on my top 
is at his childhood home and is feeling bad for having grown up to be a retard! 
I'm home alone again  andy no likey
off to the dentist and then home to do uni work 
sick at home. 
my whole fam are off to the cricket match. i am left at home to revise 
home nice and early shame there is no sunshine 
Going to walk boomer lake with @sarahchaloner then to get some coffee and prepare to drive back home! 
my mom is sick..have to stay home and take care of alaina. miss another day of work..they'll fire me forsure  I needa bbysittr
i do not love getting stuck in traffic on the way home from fishs 
me &amp; my daddy's song came on when i was driving home...  he always told me that he wanted to dance with me at my wedding to that song.
is sure a downward spiral is coming. i absolutely despise my home situation right now. no one deserves this much stress. 
@wantit thank u!! But home tomoz!  boohoo!!
@FACEmafia tell me about it, walking from the train home I was soaked  looked like a wet chicken
My friend didn't come home last night..  I'm worried, his mom doesn't know where's he at.
find a ride..going home to a cold empty bed 
At home I think I might b getting sick 
i could have earned a few hundred dollars by now if i had gone home, instead of staying alone in ithaca 
i can't wait till everyone gets home!!! aaahhhhh i miss you guys so much 
im back home  its rainy 
omggg i just got home after a 3-hour traffic =/ poor pao  still on his way home 
This weather fuckin suxxx...I don't think I'm goin ne where but to the mall and home 
@slagzoo i was in nyc. now, sadly back home... 
isn ot a happy bunny, my baby is ill and i'm all alone at home 
@bubblet0ess no i had no stuff when i came home 
@ashleyparnell yes, definitly misses her big sister.  how long have you been there? when are you coming home?
back home... I am feel so ill.. 
I just want to feel better &amp; go back home 
Technically meant to become a daddy tomorrow...doesn't look like it's going to happen just yet though  going home to shake wife up a bit
sad that i am home alone again... without my mum...  had a nice holiday with her... gut going to see my love soon...
Is officially home sick 
The black cat's still not come back.  I think he might have gone home. I do hope he visits us again soon.
i dont wont 2 go back home 
had good dinner less of a headache but had a little cry when my man got home all very fragile it's rubbish  x
im home all is well doc thinks its mirgraines!! 
back home. ughh i hate the rainnn 
@conradtheart I'm home, but sick in bed 
@dcurtis I knew there *must* be at least one other person from my home planet! The ever-advancing circadian rhythm drives the wife nuts. 
At home with my baby, other half @ work 
i think im going to the honor society concert alone  and then driving back home to pick up pll and then drive back to see jb?
My lawyer just called me... I have a crud ton of work to do for the estate  So much for relaxing at home this weekend...
i need crisps!!! why aren't there ever any at home when i want some. grrrrr. 
stuck in an absurd amount of traffic. still not home 
just home , some nice out . too bad no ever calls me 
just got home from night at the museum 2 and it was awesome  when the jonas brothers came in I screamed so loud and everyone got mad 
my son is sick and in the way home from the hospital we came across 3 accidents 1 w/ two fatalities, is sad 
@MRzN714 im so jealous  but i guess u guys are marriedddddd so its only normal u get a baby before me lol.. u back home?
@GrenzePhoto no I'm not in miami yet...  I'm so home sick 
home relaxing!! wishing this cough would go away 
I'm at home bored  why isn't there anything to do...
On my way home.... can't find the one named costa who has my supplement. 
hi guys, home again4weekend!mourne mountain drawing closer and closer! 
Not a bad curry in brick lane. Now gotta work out night buses back home 
Just finished off, on the way home now 
Just got home went to burger king and it's NOT jonafied I was extremly disappointed 
sitting here at home...wishing i was with my ex bf... i hate break ups... 
i'm home from the chiropractor. i have nothing to do 
home from work since 6am. got out. payed my cell bill,chilled wiff melissa,came home, cooked..I'm soo tired 
On the way home. 
I'm already tired and I still have to close at work, then go home and pack. 
home from work  dinner with dalton!
JUST got home...oh bed how precious you are to me!...unfortunately heather decided 2 take up residence there. 
my friend went home....tear.. 
home doing nothing...  
@ home... Feeling od neglected right now 
grrr, i hate home loans, can't they just give it to us? lol 
wtf is this shit. my brother can't come home this weekend bc he is working. ugh 
is just chillin at home with nothin to do!!tear 
Looks like ill be home later. 
takin some stuff home...my closet feels so empty now... sad day... 
Pretty pist off that I'm home alone doing nothing. It is wut it is 
@greenegeek you should have stayed home if your mouth hurt.  
I really want to go home   Just a little more work on this commercial audio bid, then home! I hear there is a new puppy at home - fun!
Eating food by myself, sitting at home alone 
@sneeky me too  I've sat alone on my grandma's couch since 5:00 when I got home from work, fml haha
Walking home from the bus stop is scary 
But I'm home  maybe ill go have some water
@hello_mcee I keep missing the anon posts because I'm never at home when they're active! 
Is heartbroken that the absolutely amazing christina woodard is going home 
On my way home from foleyyy. im hungwy 
Thanks @thescenic for leaving the van door open, but I have to get home. 
sweet! dad didn't bring my stuff home like promised  silly old PC
just got home,gave chris a bath, totally exhausted,,and i cant find my phone 
Heading home early, i feel like poo. 
at home feeling sick 
mike and ilene are in tx for he weekend and i'm home alone. somebody come keep me companyyyy 
mike and ilene are in tx for the weekend and i'm home alone. somebody come keep me companyyyy 
at home. went to graduation. sad. gary... 
sucky night! bored at home 
@jaimgee I am soo sorry I passed out.. it was about twelve over her when you got home  sorry what are you up to?
city gets borin after a while...trainin it home 
home before the fun even started 
at home doing nothing.... 
just got home from work. my feet and lungs hurt 
@brittanyrulezzz please come home baby  i cant sleep now and i need you here 
@poindexter28 just got home and im not tired  my niece will come jump on my bed in like an hour lol
plus its raining &amp;&amp; i gotta cycle frm westend back home 
Going home delgadito has work at 730  kisses love you!
drove home from heights because she felt like barfing alllll over the place  siickk belly.
laid out the parts of my home gym before assembly and i'm missing 4 bolts 
anybody seen my baaaaby? miss you baby  and the dogs  come home
My folks could've stayed home 
sitting home alone with nothing to do 
I feel bad for my little baby  well I'm home now so she has no reason to be scared!! =]
leaving home tmrw to glen waverly, staying over a friends. don't want to be home when my sisters come home from Wintersounds. 
@jayesh yes! I'll be late  just got home
@jennyjardine same with me woke up at 10.40 jst gawn for a shower now,home alone well dad jst gawn  then am gawn to my aunts cs i nd 2
on the train home whooopa  pretty damn bored tha 
@victoriamonro calm down  it's okay, only 2 years till our dream home ;) loveyou xxxxxx
@TwitWatkins I'm home... but I hate my life bc I already miss my phone 
I feel sicckkkk  come home cus of it, urghhh.
@misshara at home, sick  &lt;-- the power of copy paste..   . get well soon, dear! *hugs*
@Maialan  now am depressed and br'3ii is sleepin since I came home 
on our way home 
Just squelched my way home. Nothing like traditional mancunian weather making a reappearance to cheer you up 
On my way home   I want to stay longer.
@boonxewok nice! And I'm home sick 
On our way home. Vacation is over. 
@lorenita327 I'm getting excited too....but gotta get home first.  ugh.
man i shouldve gone for a cruise what the hell was i thinking coming back home now i'm bored 
Boreddddd stillll  gahh I want to go out  but noooo, I'm stuck at home on twitter...how sad!!
I hate walking home after I've stayed at a friend's house tbh. I'm tired, I need a shower and I can't be bothered doing anything 
saturday night just at home 
Coming home  sad
On our way home. I could not be more excited to pack for camp... and that was a total lie. 
@FrewYou take my spot. I'm home sick! 
am back home and very tired.....and sick 
nothing right now, waitin on my other side to come home 
On my way home now 
cough drops just aren't doing the trick.i wish my mommy was home 
Finally I'm home from work. I'm tired, hungry, and want my boo 
flying home tonight = +2. leaving sister behind = -1,000,000,000. wish i was bad with numbers 
pretty upset I left my ipod home 
Hates being home, boring as fuck 
Sitting at home. Helping my gma soon 
Missing everyone at home right now 
sittin at home, hoping for a job to call me back. 
Headed home from the beach but doesn't want justin to leave 
heading home from C-land. i miss my sweetie 
On my way home. 
Waiting for a ride home, gay!  
babe working here. feeling like im not part of the family. suprise. suprise. I need to get home. 
At home horribly sick...no small plane ride and camping for me.  
at home bored nothin to do 
home from awards breakfast. super hungry &amp; now doing a stupid essay  blehhhhh
I miss my fiance, can't wait for him to come home from work 
On our way home from nyc a little early..miss jaz too much 
just got home from doha, abt to go to bed... or should i revise? blahhhh 
on the way home from six flags 
@seanpadilla nuh i'm not   just got sent home from work.
I need a new home around here...  urgently!  http://bit.ly/pV53N
im siting in my bed so so so bored watching extreme makeover home additionits so upseting i think im going to cry  .x.x.x.x.
@mslisafs @ladylala14 That pic made me miss home a little bit 
@CandyceMelania hmm I'll have top delete it from home I guess. There's no delete option 
On the road again :/ get out of work then go out, I miss home 
you know what! ali i got in trouble on the way home.. 
So sick  i dunno if i can even get on the plane back home yet 
sittin at home bored!!!!! 
On the way home 
@monochrome_yes! please come home soon! 
at home... enfin!  exausted but can't sleep 
.@krissyface12  is home,her real home of sweet alabama!!! i miss her already,didnt get to say goodbye 
On my way home. Feeling sick  i love my big brother though! I'm so glad i got to see him graduate!
ugh, mainstream neighbor gave my kids toxic snacks, my oldest wanted to come home to get her own, but was told she would have 2 eat alone 
@kaboofa haha been to where hunt's photo is? oh and they're repaving your favorite spot on 93 coming home 
@KenyaDMorris: I'm not home &amp; my tivo's using both tuners. 
Coming home...  what a buzzkill
at home with sist. no parents. no food. lol 
home. house is kinda quiet without the pup pup around.   and to think i have to hear this silence till tuesday--so, so sad...
Still? I thought that was a no-go - u aint mention it again - I aint home 
home from vacation. had so much fun. missing everyone already. 
im sickkkkkyyyy  about to head home from the shop.
i want my brother home so i can play sims 3 
i want my brother home so i can play sims 3  idiots http://tinyurl.com/kvyukm
wishing i was at the brad paisley concert and that mike was home 
home finally. in dire need of sleep 
The moon is full and pretty. I'm sick with worry though, i need to get home and make sure gravy is okay and in the house  i'm dying
home bored out of my fucking mind 
Home...bout to put my NiNi to sleep n relax bymyself for the nite 
Just got home and my head is pounding like crazy 
wish my bf didnt have to leave and leave me home alone   i miss him so much and am worried about him!
I woke up and had the scariest dream ever  I don't wanna be at home..
@SnakeDoc71 just got home from a depressing shopping trip (no shoes on my size)  ... Trying 2 find somethin on tv- how about u?
work from 8:30-1:30am not fun, i need a ride home!!!!!  http://twurl.nl/okdk4a
waiting for the bf to finally come home is a drag.. not a fan of 12 hour workdays 
still sick  think im gettin better....i have home work i need to do. somebody help me
@LipstickxMalice but im not home 
@tonhiebear thai food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  me home.
home from ohio, couldn't twit  look at facebook for story :\
i'm stuck home making a powerpoint and babysitting matty's car while he goes out with our friends. boo 
on my way 2 the airport, heading home. Bit sad 
@umasswmr I hope so... but this thing looks like its made a home! 
none of my sisters are home 
 why didn't she pick me up!!! now i have to take the bus home. what if i get kidnapped and sold on ebay??
remembering when she was in hawaii.. never wanted to leave and sooo depressed on the flight home.  i miss hawaii!
Still dying...wish they were coming home soon (i probably still have an hr though) 
drag me to hell was so friggin scary. on my way home, feeverish. sick as a dog basically 
@SabrinaNorrisss my parents just got home and want me to stay home   next weekend we can have a shleepover yeah?!
sickkk  just got home from work. shower and bed!
home for now; gotta go work at 8. ugh 
In this dammn cab and it seems like I'm never gona get home 
I'm so happy we're home. I miss my peeps though 
Heading home early. I am such a grandma, but i have a stomache ache. 
The hangover was good... home and doing the dishes 
Driving home - I really do miss not having someone waiting for me or worrying about me  how sad am I...?
home  but glad the drive is over
heading home from the beach in the am 
wow so i just got home from ihop and im ao disappointed at how small my plate of food was   
oh so bored...stuck at home 
On my way home 
@imcudi stay home, be happy  it upsets me that your mad
Is at home, in bed, wondering if shes losing all her friends... 
layin at home, sick on the couch, no bueno. 
who has heard from rubby?!?!  they're filing an investigation for her disapearance from home   i hope she's ok....
home now and nobody awake to play with 
Missing my daddy  can't wait till he gets home! 
@extramsg yeah, i figured that - but i'm at home, no longer within 20 feet - i thought @piechamp was supposed to be giving updates 
home.  miss my man. is it the 24th yet? 
ok know i just got home my family just drop me off and iam sad . i feel lonley in these room. 
anybody home? hukss 
A shot of patron would top off the nite n be my last drink n then I wud need some1 2 b waiting @ home 4 me n neither is happenin 
@ileanatweetie now that's the best advice I've had all nite. I wanted to get them up by the time the kids came home.  
So I'm home alone, grandma has the kids, and I'm doing laundry. I'm so lame sometimes 
I'm not going to fucking make it here. I need to be at home in the damn bed. 
@jonah: When i sleep out youre home bounded! Hmp 
home alone and doing my final project, sucks!! 
up talkin to the bestie...he out at the club  I'm at home bored but he must b bored to tah be textin like this
i`m sitting in my garden, and whate thats my boyfriend comming home... the sun is shining but its very cold outside... 
Finallly on my way home  I plan to sleep very long tmrw
bestfriend just got on the road goi nabk home to atlanta. I tid 2 stop him but....to no avail 
@tia.  you leeft even before we made the decision  are you home ok?
no electricity at home  cant study properly!! mooooody
my poor puppy  i got home and I cried ;( i want her pain to be mine 
playing wii @ via's house. homesick 
Now otw home from serang. I want to meet my bf 
@sipod1 have just thrown up in ali's stable, am home now. Really not well. No one here to look after me! 
Classes moved, I'm effin bored. F*ck A H1n1, I'm home bound once more. 
Always feel this way. miss my home so much  http://myloc.me/2U4I
the drive home at 3.30am wasn't a pleasant one. it was raining quite a lot 
@iRockaBerry its ok so far other than b n left home while she went out 
got woken up at 11.15  still tired. got home about 1.30ish. cant believe my dinner is in 1 hour...
I really wish I was anywhere but home right now. I miss my old life  I wanna be 5 again
stuck home with a cold, it sucks 
@Glasgowlassy I was hoping to come home and someone would offer a massage but no I'm still waiting 
@RubyRose1 I hope the cards say that ur heading back home! I cant go to an mtv event if ur not there its not the same 
@hnvns oh me and darren went home at like, three cos we felt ill lol  i have suchh a bad cold snottt good ! what did you get up to ? xx
i had so much fun in cuse i hope when i get back home its not boring 
needs someone to fetch me home after band tmr 
on out way home 
On my way home 
home xD I burnt my arm on the steamer at work twice  lol
@summertime_grl i was told to stay at home by the doc 
@miss_micaBAYBEE same here. gotta check out of the hotel n a few to head home 
wish i could make a vid but my laptop is at home 
says hello... im home  http://plurk.com/p/z44zq
at home, its boring 
At the horse show. I'm suspicious my horse is sore though so they're taking her back home. 
on the ferry on our way home 
ohhhhhh rascal_security you lucky dog.... my mom's going away and I gotta stay home  
hurry go home 
sitting at home setting myself up on twitter and just abot to go to work!!! 
it's cold &amp; kinda sprinkling outside, no jacket 'cause I 4got it at home 
Gathering @starbucks to say goodbye to the first wave of bloggers heading home 
On our way home. 
waiting to hear news about my grandma    she might have had a stroke.... i might have to head home sooner than planned
Dreams were a hodge podge of events. I woke up screaming from a home invasion 
On my way home, giving twin atlantic a miss. couldnt even get into the courtyard they were in. Thats twice ive missed them now! 
Home abt to get that wii fit in since I'm not going to the track today and then to the open house, and I just remembered veggies only 
loves being at home with her family....bar humbug....work tomorrow 
@ home @ lunch ...headed back to work in 20 min      maybe sent home early cause its dead
driving home soon  weekend went by way too fast
I heart you!!! @ducna I'm still not home  by the way
hate faulty cable net  i wish i could install dsl at my home 
back home in helsingborg... but its raining 
I'm waiting patiently. Going home in a bit.. 
at home. doesnt feel good. misses chase.  hopefully he will call me tonight!
@joeymcintyre i left my books at home  so i will bring all of them in @ my next concert...sorry 
@SamuelHorler I'm actually jealous...  I wanna' come up your house now just to eat cake and then go home. 
I wish I had a car, I've been stuck at home for most of the summer. Or atleaset old enough for a job. Everyone else is working! 
houston was great, but I brought a bad bug home. after 5 days of being sick, now my mom and gaura are sick too 
About to get some much needed rest b4 my pooh comes back home to me...I miss her 
@NorthstarX  you love the mj. I wish you were home to go see the hangover with me...   
@wherever_i_roam o and she didnt get home till about 7.10pm, with no food aswell 
so im about to pee myself. i keep hearing noises from upstairs and im home alone 
I'm doing some work at home...sooo boring but somebody have to do it 
at home doing  nothing 
my grandma is in an extended care home now..  fucking cancer
http://twitpic.com/6ujqv - view from the bar...nice right? But I wanna go home! 
siiting at home. sad that my boyfriend is not here... 
@kend_ohh  my daddy isn't home  he is golfing. and yeah she is, everyone always says it seems like she has the car more. i guess its true.
@heyitscarly_ http://twitpic.com/4mgs5 - aahw! coming home from camp o  oh camp o i love you
totally destroyed derailleur that was a long walk home. 
I wish my dad would call me back.  Don't know what time the kids are coming home.  
is hanging at home relaxing ! still worn out from yesterdays shoot.. i want a smoothie so bad. but juice it up by my house closed 
Why do there have to be so many insurances and taxes for home owners?!?! 
ugh still trying to figure out my chem. now I find out that my lifeline is not home 
On my way home to see hubby!  I miss him 
Getting my things ready to go back home 
bored at home.   this is why I hate being sick, I can't go anywhere..
http://twitpic.com/6uz0f - everybody left me now im bored at home lol 
blah i dont feel good i want mama to come home from the boat 
i want my mom to come home so she can get mcdonalds for me  i am starving
killing time with twitter.....'my baby' headed back home and I'm lost without him. 
home now...no more vacay   back to work and the real world
home, totally unmotivated but I should be cleaning...ok doing it 
@Littlejon27 it's the apathetic stay-at-homes that caused it 
@damarisens Sadly not.  I was taking friend home &amp; by the time I got back to the cow the police were there.  I had my nice cam too! 
@moniboo523 he wasnt home  sucks.. lol otherwise yes you could have : P Aww huggie &amp; kissie. do that to him! lmfao. were such tarts!
On our way home 
@30SECONDSTOMARS at my temp home with a stiff neck. 
On my way to wrk wishin I was still home 
@__simplytrice in the car goin home 
With my bff about to watch hangover and then back home   duty calls
just got home from playing volleyball!!! work at 6 am 
On my way home. Studying physics 
at home now. i miss my mommy 
driving home from clackamas. just got out of tumbling. tired. and has to finish the project for hayden. bummer 
My mommy is coming to get me then I'm going home.  I'm had fun.
Heading home from costco, my weekend is for all intents over  have lots to do at home &amp; will wind down
came home to find that i had left henry (the mac) plugged in all weekend. bahhhhh who wanted battery life 
mommy left for the week  I miss her already. waiting for daddy to come home to feed me. I'm hungry - want me some chicken. sniffing 4 food
On my way home to study for finals wooo? 
Dads in hostipal  and waiting 4 my mom 2 get home
That poppinjay just dropped me off back home and left for a movie!  So much for daddy time.  
y is it everytime i try sleep i get woke up by people outside comin home from the pub.... its so annoyin 
My baby is at home crying and won't go to sleep, and I'm stuck at work. I wish I could be home with her 
@robynfantastica YAYYYYY! (sorry I forgot my proper shirt at home though  )
@imlarry well... that makes two of us!!! had to stay home babysittin my mom:s she is sick 
god i miss home 
@SHRPublicity  feel better! We're on the road home...
@onlylies @TaraNicolee   9to5 goes home with nothing.  *depression*
feels good to be at home by myself and to be able to do what i want- but... think dad is just home now 
had a perfect weekend in norfolk; especially with the boyfriend. now it's back home/back to reality &amp; there's so much to do! 
ugh finally home so late i am super tyered ! bout to go to sleep, i love you @ezeuptown2nice ! ugh i miss him so much 
forgot wallet at home 
i wanna go home. florida home. i mees everyone so so so much 
@captbarbel dimdim, when are you coming home? i miss my kuya. 
so upset   finally at home,  hope i get a C for english
almost 150 miles of driving and I hit a deer for the first time in my life .6 miles from home  poor deer.
@joshsabou go to bed when you get home! dont die! 
Really trying to have more 'fun' and stuff, now and then, but when I try, I wish I was at hoe or just went home instead. 
joe seriously just got home, think were going to bed 
staying at home on her 21st  cos she's sick 
came home sick and barfy... passed out within a half hour. Dammit! I wanted to unpack, work on costumes and tie my boyfriend down 
So lazy to get out of home 
just fell asleep in the canteen. wana go home 
@mcast1308 I know the feeling...I hate having to go to work knowing that I should stay home and take care of my baby 
On the way back home so hot wuff 
 leaving tomorrow. miss home. mum's incessantly whining to go shopping. i wanna stay home.
i'm home. and i'm alone. missing my babe 
@MissTeeGee hahhaah yep!! been throwing up since ive been home!! 
yay, video finished (: meeeeh; home &amp; away is on, and im missing it. i got homework to do 
got car sickness on the way home 
has just woke up and feels ugh, got wet on way home!!! 
I wish I had booked an earlier flight home. People are leaving and I'm left alone. A little sick and blue, too  9 days to go...
waiting waiting waiting.......wen will matty b come home 
Man I was SO excited. I clicked on my @ replies &amp; it took awhile 2 load so I saw @swiftkaratechaop ...but I was still on the home page 
i need to get home so i can get the new atl song 
Man I was SO excited. I clicked on my @ replies &amp; it took awhile 2 load so I saw @swiftkaratechop ...but I was still on the home page 
is back at home bit bored though 
When at home I often forget to update things here, but niw, I have barely anything else to do 
is completly pissed off because im stuck at home feeling like crap  i want to go to college!
i love how im watching something on telly, and fam arrives home and takes over rudely. go back out please 
am at home with a strained chest musle  an its not nice ;~(
at home sick..... 
catch u -news- at home only if my wife permits 
Statistics exam, T minus 33 minutes. I hope it goes okay, I want to be at home instead 
in the cape for the next few days. missing my new home in la though 
Going home sick  feel like s***, and hope it will disapear soon
Is going to work...for a meeting...and would rather stay home in bed w/my bf.  financial freedom is around the corner!!!
grrr.  i left my book @ home.  guess i gotta make another run home 
@soapboxohio when I try to take care of home, it seems to not want it  but, thank you for the info.
left my moleskine at home and feel completely lost without my to-do lists that are scrawled inside it. 
Going home now...i don.t know what to do 
just got home from work ... it is getting really hot huh 
super tired..and I forgot my ipod at home.   http://myloc.me/3UnK
revising at home  so thought i would twitter as im bored stiff lol.
Someone should bring me some gas so i can get home  - STYE -
@ home sick  tooth ach
@bighomeless have to look when I'm home! No internet in work 
home from work..still got my stupid cold and cough 
This is now the 3rd time my matt has now tried in setting up home for tropical fish? yet still no fish or even plant life in the bowl 
hi all i am just chilling out at home job serching  boring or what
To the library to study I go  really would rather stay at home pretending I'm on the radio and playing the sims
just got home, traaaaffffiiicc jaaam.. *sigh* how can i forgot, its monday 
ive been forced to stay home and revise while everyone else goes punting. usually wouldn't care, but hot rich friend is going  missing out
is struggling to keep his voice going...sick kids at home, and now sick dad at work 
@MissD757 ahah you are?  i wish i stayed home and i wasnt even drinkin 
at the airport on way home. 
Just got home looked in mom's room for happy in her corner  sometimes I really miss that little bugger
barley have internet connection anymore, but i'm coming home friday, real excited! i miss my bestie 
@sheeeby ya, I'm home. I feel terrible 
@iHaps lmfao got interweb trouble @ home so am hardly on  wat u bn up 2 then?
it's official folks, I'm going home 
you would think working from home would be better but I really need a shower and cant find a moment to do it  so sad and stinky
@pk_is_1337 I wish you we're home already. 
Off to work  But at least I don't have to do crap at home I didn't want to do.
At home.. sick 
ha i loooooove the price is right! lol. and nothinnn just home alone, grounded 
I have a headach from looking into the microscope  looking at like 100 slides.. Ahhh I wanna go home already
Headed back home...the computers at the library have a timer  at least i finsihed one assessment
Is on the way home.  .
@wessthedj oh baby    I miss you already and I'm not even home from work...
sittin at home bored 
On my way home... 
home now. took the kitty to the humane society...safe journey, kitteh. 
I think I am getting sick! @jjarrel1 could you take me home to rest 
hoping on my bike to return some movies that i didn't watch! diana is gone  sad, 17 days until she comes home!
Kelly is home sick again 
@liy i can't seem to access tumblr. scot's lovely but cold. beautiful but rainy. missing u girls back home 
@HanniFresh that's the thing. I'm never home to watch it online. And when I am home I like to hold vigil in my rm. I don't own a laptop. 
awww at home, sick 
@cmatt312 if you come home to dallas soon you can join us for dinner! i wish you would. 
I'Mm back home  I love 2 travel!! The only reason I wanted 2 come back is b/cuz I missed the kids.
At home ... sick 
so we just got home from the doc office with jordan. we though that he was getting better but he now has bronchitis. 
missin eveeryone back home...i feel like cryingg 
@home makin micro dinner as the oven is broken 
bored..don't want to go to work in an hour and half.  wish i could get paid for chillin' at home... but i can't and i need money..lol
i got called a bitch and retard by my lovely boyfriend. and i left my cell at home.  work soon.
 nothing at home 
@tangerineftw me too! im about to travel 7,000 miles away from home and im on 3hrs of sleep and it doesn't look like i'll be getting more 
left her ipod and home keys at the office. That's two out of three things she just has to have with her all the time. 
I got caught in the rain on the way home, I ran but still got very wet, I'm not sure if running helped as I was running into more rain 
guess the neighbors chihuahua ran away...they still haven't come home, 2nd day now and the dog dug out.    he's so little.poor thing
I hate staying home by myself... 
i should really watch what i say on here... going home, guess who's not there 
gettin ready to clean my closet because i never really fully unpacked when i came home 
hates sitting at home being bored...it really sucks 
trying to call my mom....nobody home  I need to talk.........
@bobryuu I can do it tonight for sure, but I don't know when I will get home  What happens if you move later?
@itsjonnelle you know I was goin the hell off! I was too pissed I'm in jersey finally but still not home 
On our way bak to buttonwood then home then work tmro 
@redheadedjesus you better not be working on the vid  i wanted to be in it! stupid doctor and surprise parties at home =/
@ImChrisJamez I was just checking lover bunny. I almost called you on my way home, but you wouldn't have answered so I didn't 
Just ate an undercooked quarter pounder with cheese mmmm... Just gose to show we should eat at home more often 
Actually I'm not home because i have teh curse of teh swines, I'm home because I'm going to my mothers coworkers funeral at 12 
home sad my hubby left with out say bye into 2morrow 
I'm finally home after an hour of working out...I'm so tired now...I need someone to come cook for me b/c I'm too weak 
driving back home  Raging Waters was the shit
chillin' waiting 4 my puddin' pop 2 come home! I miss her 
aw man my dad is home that means no more blasting musica  party's over
ugh i hate nights like this. thankfully my friends down the street are home if tornadoes head this way; i hate not having a basement 
taking work home stinks... 
@ home watching E! and thinking about my baby he's in france right now on tour missing him like crzy 
Going home to play prototype and escape from the humality of my speech 
just sitting here doing some home work blah not fun at all ......yay exams are coming.......yay 
Lot's of  home works to do and no energy to begin 
is at home sick 
home gettin ready for social studies final 
I really hope my brother gets home soon! 
@31138 She told her mom that she'd be a while, and I didn't wanna walk home alone but I did anwyays... 
sitting at home by myself!!! 
Driving home from vegas     .s8n.
@valauren weird, right? I saw them crossing the street on my way home and I had to stop by! There's only one baby duckling left 
I wanna dance this feeling awayyy to some r&amp;b :] but no ipod anymore or a dance area at home 
wow ok so i went swimin @ 4 a while and now umm im home.... i have an eatin problem  i won't eat that much anymore!!
hubby is home tonight so I'm being booted off the computer...bastard! 
is trying to get a hold of her friend and really wants to move back home 
is so impatient... come home now! 
is sad bc my boyfriend is back home, when he should be with me  miss you and love you baby
@GADBaby man.... i just get here and dh gets home and i have to leave. and i wanted a detergent sample  #clothdiapers
Looks like I won't be going to work tomorrow.  I've got a sick little boy at home. 
So tired of stay home..... I need a job.... 
is sick, but still had to drive into work and grab his laptop so he could work from home... 
my life is ever so thrilling- i'm 20, home @ 10, eating wheat thins, watching fresh price; still unemployed   &gt;:o  :'( FuuCkkMYlyyFe.
@M_Scofes sitting at home being a slush drinking by myself 
@flicka47 oh no...did my special milkshakes make @henryandfriends get lost on his way home from #pawpawty? 
sitting at home watching cheaters    and waiting on chris to call
i miss home and living in columbus 
@Kalediscope first: none of those fuckwads speak spanish. second: they're fuckwads w/ no home training. third: that show has BEEN over. 
Once I lay down the mind starts racing...wtf!!! Missing my tio right now can't wait for him to come home soon 
home sick  i hate this had2 call out off work
sittin home all by my lonesome 
Headed home n snuggling wit ducky as usual 
watching run's house, feeling cozy..i don't wanna leave home 
bored.  at home.. alone    .. drawing, watching tv and craving some popcorn..
back at home.. twitter blocked at work.. i don't know what to do 
aunties house, aww they all went home to vegas 
@gregcolombo im an home takin it easy. close to you but gonna stay in... 
needs to be at home by 6am everyday  http://plurk.com/p/118udo
Lots of missed calls, and I don't wanna go home 
@billyblackguard fu i want to go back to bed, but then i'll get home from tafe and somehow be like all awake and then bed at 3am again 
had to walk home in the rain, i cant feel my fingers and my shoes are wet 
sick  at home
disadvantage of stayin home: hav to do chores. just finished washing dishes 
sitting at home chillin bored 
@funkyferret514 Aw, I'm sorry everything isn't working out all wonderflantastic.  BUT if you do come home soon, we can have funfun?
going to make B stay home from work.  feeling like a kid who doesn't want to be home alone!!
i need a job sick of beening at home 
This trip has served its purpose of being THE wakeup call. I wanna go home now. 
*ugh* I can't even enjoy my movie  the way I want to...I'm so ready to leave home 
I'm at home by myself and can't sleep bc of the scary storm 
@seamalam damn, I'm already on my way home  did u already have ur gear?
my stuff is now back at home...this is a strange sight 
home from work, hungry....but dinner doesn't even look like being ready 
mad @daorignialdame went home...don't have anyone to bother me anymore  lol
packed about to venture home on my 29 hr flight. i dont want to leave my nugget with this chinese bitch!!1 
I was in a rush getting back home, though, and I almost ran into one of my jhs kids  whoops.
is wondering why there is still no1 home to cook er tea 
is missing daddy  i can't wait 4 him 2 come home so he can make it wetter :p
hates it that she's home while her friends are having a great time! 
@choochootheband excellent!I have a home studio. Suits me for the moment...but filled with two rooms worth of stuff  clear out needed soon
i'm home from peru; i miss it already 
@TizBanana first ur to funny and now ur going home when does ur luck end...I wanna go home 
home sweet home. i didnt want yesterday to end  im too scared to watch my videos back... sounds like me and lucy are being killed :|
major headache for me  argh! and I got into a minor trike accident a while ago when I was about to get home. gee. I was trembling. scary..
has had too much to deal with lately, there comes a point when your body says &quot;can't&quot; no matter how hard you try otherwise!  miss home
first day back in boarding house..wish im at home 
Wish I was with my friends  instead in at home icing my shins
i missed your call  have a safe flight back home.
I wish my ipod wasn't at home charging 
http://vibejournal.com/jessica_art/ needs a new home 
miss my earring  going home earlier in the hope that the store is still open....
On my way home from london 
is missing her family and soph lodz whens she cuming home hurry babe i miss yhoo 
sitting sick at home. 
Wasting money logging on to twitter, while I once again waste my life waiting to be fetched home. I want my own place! 
Another lazy day at home... Why the computer still not fix... I wanna produce some tunes please... 
is back at home, catching up on the confed cup. forgot to rec the opening tho 
@jusNate yeah, she has obviously missed me, she is being so affectionate! I wish I didn't have to come home  sad my hols r nearly over
home is still a mess but love to go there... still need thousand visits to ikea and habitat 
at home with my sick little boy again.  spent his bday like this too
is at work, but I left my phone at home 
Just left home, hope traffic isn't too bad or else I am gonna be late 
i hate working  take me home
home from work,my baby sick 
so smart me checks his phone...and finds txt from 4 other women, so now I'm at home, curled up in bed sore and broken hearted... 
@QueenofScots67 does home-made bread = cakeporn. If not - ok, if it does - oops! I ate it before I could photo it. sorry  It was good!!!!!
forgot my lunch at home 
@AQuietMadness  I know you dont wanna deal with your sister but maybe you should think about going home.
home workK  ...i hate that!.....so follow me on twitter!
on train home now  and to welcome me back home tom is a.... university trip! everyone sarcastically 'yay'
@AznAryl yeah it was right after we moved here but apparently he is doing great in his new home. We were super sad 
@CientifiQ .. I know..  I left my phone home and by the time I got home it was late.. I didn't want to &quot;bother&quot; you..
On my way bak home 
at home... take shower soon and cont. work again... 
i have to sit in silence until about seven oclock when my brother gets home... i dont know how to work the TV 
@octav totally agree. it was a real pain.  For me after installn, i realized that i cant do much with it on windows basic home  no iis.
@stuygurl lol u right  when u go home u can nap or nap at therapy feel me?
is sitting at home planning trip to perth and addicted to restaurant city  oh dear
had to come home  blood sugar was loww, how crap.
i hate bein home alone....i always get weird numbers calling my house!  help...
watching extreme makeover home edition ! soooo sad 
My head hurts sooo bad and so does my heart.  wawzaa I cried alot last night when I went home. What's up with me!?
Starting work now. I wanna go home already. 
I wish i'm at home in front of lappy right now, so i can post my special post on my LJJ and blogspot 
one 60miles closer 2 home, and pays a few $'s more (closer 2 what I was making) before getting laid off from a place I was @ for 8+ yrs 
home and bored.. want to get oooout! theres nothing to do in this town! 
i so tired. came home and had to clean. discovered that my mom took my bed sheets off without putting new ones on. 
watching tv. i want my mommy to come home.i dont feel good 
@favier nope she's at home  but at least she's learning.
@damarisviviana naw they have all the streaming websites blocked n i left my ipod @ home  and sade is the artist
Driving home from the dr.'s office wit the fam... back still hurt 
i miss my hubby @DellDOUGS87 hope he's okay n made it home safe.. muah 
Going home to clean and stuff 
I really wish someone would buy me lunch i'm starving, and i left my card at home  damn
Wants to be at home with my bf 
was taking a computer to my home for service on my bike and started to rain heavily. I hope it will wrk when i turn it on tmrw  
Really hoping I can find someone to work for me tonight so I can stay home with my sick baby. 
@Jekema my face hurts really bad  and my mom said i was emotional on the way home..apparently i cried the whole way home hah
looks like i might be coming home 
got the escort home..... but wish he has a new car 
Oh snap. I 4got my charger @ home. I dnt kno how ims make it witout my blkbry. 
aww jack has gone home and patrick is sad 
hi i am just trying to finish home work 
Has finally got the camp fire going and is going to have to camp out here overnight  ..aha jokes im home now
At work  wishin i was at home in bed with the air conditioner on high it is so hot!!
I'm hungry but waiting for S before I put the dinner on - He's not even phoned yet to say he's on his way home from work! 
At 16.00hs far from home again 
On my way home 
On my way home now 
Just chillin at home.  really bored and tired. but im kinda pissed cause my friends mom barrowed my breaking dawn and hasnt givin it back 
@fairykikka My computer at work does this all the time on certain blogs   I can only comment on yours from home 
@mboogie just home doing nothing  probably go to the gym in a few..
@omgittssophia zomg. you're so lucky. damn, I'm afraid you might not come back home 
stuck at home, my mom is forcing me to stay here 
@Jagfan2365 what's up mr I'm not fat no more?!? You heading home?!? If so you r hanging with me nd the wife I hope. 
@ThisisDavina on to late 4 me davina have to b up at 5  but hurry home
home from the dentist....bout 2 take a nap...and wait for this numbing to go away 
Almost done go home and take some meds   think my voice is on the way out the door...
sick stayed home all dayyyy 
ugh mom wont be home till 7, ill have to wait till then to get LVATT 
Going home sick 
at home, watching tv, bummed about not being allowed to go to modeling 
was waking up in vegas but she had to come home 
home from the gal office...they are laying people off left and right from there..sad situation 
going back home tomo... hope grandpa is all right....  
dads coming home soon...ill have to get off the comp 
is finally home with my baby...he played a while then fell asleep in my bed! 
Sucks being stuck at home  reading ap government...
Driving home its all gray and rainy out and for some reason i dont feel to well now 
my sis PROMISED to take me to get #LVATT before my dad got home (cause i cant get it after he gets home) and shes not home!  i wanna cry.
im home! very tired! had lots of fun. parents anniversary today- me home alone          taking naps? ha
Driving home still feel like crap 
going home 4m my g-mas house  but me and my sister r going 2 buy LVATT
i want my lvatt cd but my mom wont be home till late 
k so i was supposed to go to the gym then i came home to roast, mac and cheese, and my favorite rolls. Why??????? 
@thetricktolife lol thats not nice! then again, sucks for being home 
On the way home! 
does anyone want a kitty? still cant fnid her a home 
on my way home 2 become a prisoner in it...this sux 
Car brakes broke. I'm now walking home.  oh well. At least I'll get lots of exercise.
@ home missin my nephew  bring him home B word !!!
waitin for martin to come home  x
At home feeling sick 
is at home and is sick 
is glad to be back home from glam camp. I'm pathetic about sleeping outdoors alone. 
home safe and sound - great reunion, great friends, great mini-vacation. Now back to work 
uh. home now. so boredd! 
home from vbs after ethan almost fell all the roof haha. bored now 
@heykrys http://twitpic.com/7l5ev - I miss home 
waiting the boys to get home from their guys night out grrr I hate when im home alone 
aweeehhh; i love sweet home alabama. i need a boyfriend  haha, not to sound pathetic or anything....
@ddlovato unfortunately not me im stuck home with the flu! 
Its gona suck walking into home room, knowing ill never ever return for tlc 
@donniewahlberg So my bclub tee is on transit back to you guys  I had a foster parent home makeover I was gonna wear it to  
the internets at home are broken 
just got home from work and store. starting to make dinner now. wife isn't feeling well... 
@peterfacinelli it got to be way to expensive  but saw twilight 2 in theater and 13 times at home!!
home. grandma and grandpa are in the hospital. 
sitting at home and feeling sick... 
I am snapping at everyone at home bc I'm so tired and exhausted and I hate myself for it  can't wait until I've adjusted.
needs to get bkc into shape! i put on 10 lbs since i got home from college 
I'm convinced something is wrong with me. I want to come home 
@shuttergirl I tried calling you  I'm sorry your working so late, go home and dream about yummy white steamed rice...
tummy ache, home sick.   @GregRuggiero IMISSYOUUUUUU!!!!!! come hold my hand on the beach.
I was gona go watch a movie with my brother, but he isnt home 
at home sick  down buzzzz
at home sick 
On my way home 
Just got home frm cleaning my tias new house  well at least I got some boombbb tacos frm it!!!
@romaineami @lzsantana. Heffa its a song from trey I was listenin to on my way home. N I am lonely 
@cheri_amour hey you! come home 
@msmaisha hey I'm still home  don't know what happen but I hope she's ok
is at home all by herself and doesn't know what to do.  things to do: watch friends, sleep, laundry, i don't know. meh.
Neelyyyy just left  home alone uhhhhh lame
@ home. so bored! heaps of homework to do though grrrrr. sick 
takin babyy home  but MADDIEEEEE &lt;333
have abit of a headchae  ugh cant wait to be at home !!!!
I miss my girlfriend and her sexy face. Baaaaby I wanna come home 
@tehmani hahaha i left my credit card at home 
@maryjane202 i left, lol...im home now 
at home chillin, bored needing sum1 to talk 2 
comin home... 
Driving back home, kebon nanas stuck!! It's unusual, what's going on?? 
just took a walk  around the neighborhood, is back home and  is once again fighting with insomnia.... and loosing! not good 
@missgiggly Probably not good idea. U r responsible for stable home environment for pet. Can u negotiate w landlord? Seems unfair 
says class still hasn't started. I wanna go home.  http://plurk.com/p/11j37u
sick and working from home 
havent tweeted in forever! back from seattle...it didnt rain once there  glad to b home. missed uuuuuuu
I'm going home now. To shoot things. I'm running out of budget on this gig. I'm fearful. 
forgot her mobile at home  *argh* #frustration
@ThePanIAm i feel your pain, so much. coming home after travelling/touring is the worst thing ever. i just want to go away again 
chillin @ home 
is at home- sick 
Isn't it such a great feeling when you get to the check out and realize you left your wallet at home. LOL I love that! No cereal for me 
sick at home 
is already home. i feel  (sick)! ahuhu!   hassle ang rain.(angry)(lol) http://plurk.com/p/11kjoz
i don't want to go to bed its only 9.20 but nobody else is home  just have to google search!!
is at home sick, ohgod when is it going to end 
4got my ipod at home 
wants my baby home now, stupid having to wait till sat 
on my break! at work start @9 ddnt gt home @half 1 lat nite dam tired man 
Home sweet home! miss u london 
I'm back home again I got here a little bitch ago but now I can't sleep 
everyone has gone home  missing hanging out with @wee_hen @JamesHillyer @JordanMcDeere come back soon please!
@billfer oh how I wish I could work from home with just my #g1. I'm too much of a grunt at work to warrant a laptop so I can work at home 
home !! very tired , traffic jam sucks . ewww 
... workin from home .. 
is stuck at home waiting for the man to come and fix my shy box 
(cont) haha awesome. I'm infront of my house and my mum isn't home. Let me in 
I'm at work eating a pot noodle, wishing I was at home with emma 
At work briefly, finished absolute necessities in taking care of my cells, back home to take care of my son soon. 
miss you girl .  come back home... &lt;3
@MoREthANHuMAn  sorry you are still sickee. Not at work yet, at home putting on my face!
@melissabeck because if it works out, that means you won't have an excuse to stay home with her... it'll force you to get back into work 
ugh my mother is coming home..wtf kinda life is this..i need 2 move on my own 
@sherrzie sorry! didn't mean to run away on you! went for H's permit and ran errands, came home and made dinner then she had the comp  
working and fixing to finish sisters bridal shower invites. Wish I was at home in bed with my love! 
is at home chillin out. hate it wen it rains   x
At work. I'm sleepy. I wanna go home. 
at home, sick.... 
my gamosa/velour type shoes is ruined  why does the rain have to stop everytime i got home?!
@dougiemcfly DUDE,, send us some suuuuun!!! we already told tom to tell danny to send some sun back home to us 
on our way home 
At home sick 
@heartmychloe we'll come home to annapolis on saturday...  
sittin at home hungrrrry! 
@lovekelsey hope u had a safe flight home! i love&amp;miss u soo much! 
can't find her ipod // is coming home. hmmmf. :/ 
@doctorpancreas  The nicest thing to read when you are 800 miles from home and looking forward to dry chapathi with rotten dal. 
@london_vice iTunes will let you do it from like 6 onwards I think, I'll still be coming home from my lesson then 
martin officially is at his new home. it was so sad. i'll miss you, you big dummy. 
@UrbanInformer  I noticed that there are a lot of older flight attendants.  Have a good vacation.  I am on my way back home. 
@mmckinney16 I'm on the bus heading home, was sikk in work  feel like shit, so won't c u 2nite baby x x
On the way back home. 
@blindcripple sucking you dry until you're a shadow of your former self    go home ... rejuvenate!
I had to stop at my mom.. i hate it that i don't have a computer yet..   welll going home in a few min to make dinner.. i'm hungry..
too much bandwith usage from our deployment  ....going home now
On my way back home again 
Going home is depressing when I know I have to switch off work brain and switch on student brain. 
Watching the lakers parade at home 
cant bring it home cos bet on how many working days it will take so eating it at home is forbidden 
at work, left my phone at home 
@russelltanner thanks carphone warehouse still say no  but then it's closing time... They wanna go home. Doors locked.
http://twitpic.com/7mysf - even orange ted cant make me feel better- i'm missing uni and none of my mates are home yet 
Headed home to pick up my work shirt....left it on the couch 
Oh god. I want home, but it's late wednesdays 
annoyed ... there's nothing sweet at home ... dying for chocolate 
stuck at home baby sitting 
Is gutter that everyone seem's to be going to see take that, but yet im sat at home 
@lovekelsey thats you saying you're glad they didnt lose all your chocolate ;D just kidding. glad you're home but I MISS YOU! 
am at home missing my lovely husband who is at work.... 
loves having her son home, but wishes that his heartrate drops would stop. 
i am sit alone at home 
I really hope it doesn't storm while I am home by myself!! 
At work chillin with my boyfriend...he goes home tomo morning 
finally feeling like doing something at home and have to go to a work dinner, won't be home now until 10 or later... 
just saw my mommy at potomac ave. :-D but we're going in two different directions  but we'll see each other at home :-D
@JulissaB omg me too! When I go back home, we still have it, but it barely works lol 
@IamMrBloom: sent home from work for being sick 
sitting at home doing hw 
finished making dinner, only to have someone come home 30 min late...ie food is cold, typical 
Feeling completely wiped out, and still gotta keep working from home... 
@kittypurry i dunno how id get there, or get back home 
Just now leaving work, starving and zero dinner foods at home. 
waiting for hubby 2 get home. He's stuck in traffic 
at the airport. going home again. this time 4 a wedding. unfortunately, cld not find ipod 
at home sick! 
at home by myself  
body at home, mind in cornwall! 
Everybody just went home. And I'm still here. 
home changing up my profile pic again and again lol i just cant decide 
ahh  stuck at the store during the stormm! on my way home now. scared as fuck.
I am at home sick 
@mrdink I asked if we could stay later for the concert...no go.  I'm at home.  
Typing an email to my mom, feeling a little home sick  Where is @keepitfierce? 
so why is the weather like this... so glad i got a ride home from work, but i couldnt go get my new headphones 
she dances waaaaaaaaaay to soft for me.... omg... i hope she doesn't make jason get sent home. 
wishing chris was home so he could take care of me....still don't feel good 
the directions failed me. came home from my chipotle search empty handed. 
On my way home. Wish I could find my sunglasses. 
damn i hate sandstorms in baghdad my bestfriend should have been home already!!!!   
@gammagum omg enjoy it! I'm dying but can't work from home due to too much crap on my desk. I wish I was at home  how's the ankle?
and also misses some ppl back home 
@msproductions was told to email news@theiphoneblog.com and have the subject magnometer, anything else i need to know.  i just got home 
@puffmclover awww poor 2 she lost.  but awesome u found a home together for the other 2 ;-)
home from class with nothing to do! 
On my way home my baby broke her hand I'm very drepress 
ack . . .saw a road killed bobcat while I was driving home  from work. 
@semisara video is for new hardware only. you'll need to find another way to make your dirty home movies. 
at home sick 
just waiting for hubby to get home from work I am so ready for bed.  I cant go to sleep without him.  
On my way home with a bladder full of pee  just thought I should share...
home, doing nothing, just yeald at by my son again 
@stephmedina am i invited to any of this. Lol. I'm bored at home. With abby. 
Husbands on his way home I already made supper he wanted me to make some tea. I'm not very hungry  but I know he won't eat without me!
i just got home, took off my work clothes &amp; now itching soooo bad it hurts  but i can't scratch 'em othrwise my hives will appear all over
I wish I could take the kitty home w/ me, but the apt I live in doesn't allow pets. I fed it an hr ago &amp; I still hear it outside meowing! 
@iliv4hm lol, you lost it on the last train home. I certainly hope it doesn't come to that, but it's not looking at all good right now 
at home tired  and so sore from cheer camp ugh  i cant move i might break into a million pieces  lol seriously im going to fall out &lt;3
feels uneasy without my star necklace. where is it?!?!? hope it's at home... 
living in this craphole makes me appreciate massachusetts...i miss home 
@jordansftd noooooo poor cows  come to droops &amp; drink w me when you're home hordawn!
My dad still isnt home from trying to fix the power from this storm and now another one is here.  
Woooa, early bird wtf! Bnc is getting up with me! More people in the train than expected. But forgot my lunch at home  naw!  http://yf ...
I hate being at home. It's so boring and lame. 
its harder to know hes home and hang up then to not hear from him at all, but im glad we talked even as little as we did... i miss him&lt;3 
boreddd and stuck at home 
@ckcyn she's home! Some lady took her fr/our driveway at the road. She had no collar. 
Just made it home to the T! I better be getting these braces off my dentist be playing games with me!  We'll see though.....
@tiggerlover75 now y would sis b happy? lol her parents r going home tom too  LOL
@ansbanans WAIT how are things at home? i don't have a working phone still... 
on my way home w/ my shoe split open  wish me luck!!
sitting at home fighting the urge to break down.  feeling as though i am walking through life alone and lifeless
everybody's in fontana now &amp; i'm still home...waaaaa...  http://plurk.com/p/11srpv
@Loserofthemonth i know, on the way home i was fine. 
no keys and no one home until 6 
yeah, i might totally be crying because i'm home now.  
just got home. i already miss @kevheartsmar  comeback babe
Crying like a baby  cause I'm leaving the one place I feel at home... Being with my mom. :'(
Shit..no electricity at home 
@nonikins haha! but there's nothing to do at home, plus no food pa! 
just got home and is sick 
hates sitting at home alone 
Oh I miss my piece of old crap at home 
sick at home. The mediciation is giving me shaky hands... 
just got home,  got some doughnuts with jovahn abd listened to hot hot heat! it reminded me of being 19 again 
stuck at home with a very sick &amp; very &quot;zielig&quot; daughter 
tada home. well this means back world =P is everybody asleep now  boo
still no internet at home! darn, i don't know how long i'm gonna survive this... 
Is at deaths door oh roll on 7pm get me home 
sitting at home watching tv but should really be in bed  but just not tired
My desk plant at home is falling apart.  I prefer bamboo, because it's almost impossible for me to kill. I have one of those at work.
7 am is a lot earlier here than at home 
I've left my commuter pass at home. lost 1200 yen 
i home my prada 2 is home 
i hope my prada 2 is home 
mom's back isn't doing well -- home taking care of her today. to doctor's later. hopefully we can fix the problem 
@BiffBenson safe trip home!! Unfortunately it's raining here, I sense delays in ur future 
on my way home ..just got back from the salon and botani square .. all alooonee .. 
god i cant work wen i feel like this just wanna go home n sit in a dark room 
wishes lucy would come home from dancing and get her butt online!  i misseth youuuuu! x
is now home. Stressed with work, at an all-time low, plus I'm worried about my sick dog. 
says boyfriend is not home yet.  http://plurk.com/p/11wl7u
waah. soo tired  just got home. wew!
@Honeybfly215 B i'm crying inside  you gotta come home or get a phone or something!
just got home from photoshoot at fun ranch. the philippines is SO humid.  blaah.
On our way home  I'll be happy to see my cats, my leeuwtje and my parents again. But it was so relaxed, I'm sorry to leave
What are you watching? @halcarabeo if it's a sitcom, why am i sad... probably because it hits home 
gauravs' in pune  the boring-meter at home just went sky high
got a sunstroke...i'm not allowed to go out of home  xoxo
woooooooooooooohh. im finally home! got homesick at dorm. 
@chrisgillbard hey thanks for the comment! Just replied - I have felt threatened by drunks on my way home at times 
reached home... the 5 min jog from the hotel to home got me drenched completely!!! 
So bored. i swear i have no social life watsoever   mums out, sisters out - im home alone. what to do, what to do 
being home sick in a dirty home 
off to work   i want them to send me home as soon as i get there im so sleepy i got up at 6  but yea be on latter
is at home sick 
waiting for brandon to get home to give him a big kiss before he has to leave again for practice 
at the library checking my stuff  wish i had my own comp to do it in the privacy of my own home lol
just got home.. super tired.. throat hurts too 
I left my pen at home...   *facepalm*
on my way back to the ville  wish i could stay home...
am waiting for geezer to get home so I can go to work - just wanna stay home and sleep 
@trekbeck  sorry, just got home 
@jonaskevin stay in home.. cause i'm sick 
So bored ..being home with nothing to do is torture 
misses her boyfriend, bad. come home, please? 
ah already home ... hmm I really need holidays 
not feeling too good these past couple of days  but having home-made fish and chips tonight which will make me better im sure 
@jamesofctpmag lol i have the bootlegged home and i still havent found fit to watch it  it doesnt look all that good really
Guess who tripped over a kerbstone on the walk home and is now having difficulty walking 
walking home by myself yayyyy .. 
just got home from french exam. yuck.  and cleaned out my locker todaaay.  twas a sad time.
At home crappy out 
hungry and there is no food is this casa  good thing the rents come home today #squarespace
I'm hubby's bitch. But hubby isn't home 
What if I just clocked out, drove home, and went to bed? How much trouble could I REALLY be in for doing that? Mnn.. not trying. 
just got home from work. im soaked from the rain 
just got off the phone with my bff awh i miss her (shes in lanzorote) *sniff sniff* come home 
i wish i could of closed my eyes and when i open them back up o was @ home in my bed....sooo not looking forward to the commute home 
just got home and im really sadddddd! 
cant wait to get home so i can go to sleep 
I saw mom come home, I'm hot, I wish she'd put me in. It's at least 100 out here! 
Just realized i left my ipod at home. So bummed I can't listen to @MGiraudOfficial sing to me at work 
Lunchin' at home sitting in front of a fan. Its so freakin hot outside. 
@Glasgowlassy ah I'm wide awake  hate whisky! How's u? U home?
@ work just got my last check and i got bank i must say...looking at trips for hawaii now!!  sad to leave my cf home  lol
is chillen at the hilton beforeheading to the airport to go back home. 
so missing my family, they in fiji without me  ugh....but than my baby is coming home this weekend! woohoo!!!
oh darn! the loights in the office just went out on me. maybe I should finish this report from home 
is ashamed at my mom because she thinks that she can just find our cats a new home... and it doesn't work that way! 
@stefathena not yet  i went home first. I'll be on my way soon... and I KNOW
@alysilverio cause I can't understand what anyone is saying! It's all French!  I miss home so much! And youu!
@Ashcash1 no maam. i just made it home.. 
@kdudish it all hit me on the subway ride home. I'm completely exhausted 
just finished cooking alot of chicken and now im super bored i guess im staying home today 
@Mazketeer and going home after july show chelmsford so bit home sick  anna has the show link i think x
@yancynotnancy glad you made it home safe! but sad we didn't ride together  have fun with your hubby!
I am home and my throat is killing me!  I need to cook... and work out... and clean... and shower... apply for internships... busy busy me
At home and sick. 
Sometimes you just want a home cooked meal looks like   its take out again 
gp put or stay at home?? i dont know  
I hate watching the solos.  So sad to know someone's going home  #sytycd
Last nite out in gville before going home 
no cable or internet at home  callin comcast wtf?
On the way home alone  miss sleeping with my nello
@Lilllian  wish you were home to get bootleg pinkberry with me
Just got home a little bit ago, took a very refreshing shower...have an urge to run, but it's too dang hot outside &amp; the gym is far away 
@justinwarfield just got this...me and my massive pompadour are now at home.  
why do I feel weird? I want to eat more food but I also wish my dad was home. 
so i jus got home from work n im so tired!!! 
at home being bored nothing to do! 
@chitjn my mom just told me about it tonight on my way home  I will pray for him
Home for a coffee, trying to con my hubby into bringing takeaways home, he said no to early, curses I don't want to go out 
is at home sick.  wonder who gave that to me!!! &lt;.&lt;.
@billy_burke O_o i want barbecue sooo bad...our mom wont let me grill when shes not home, and when she came home we already ate 
home sweet home. packing... im gonna miss my apartment 
I want to twit on computer. But I'm afraid dad come home suddenly then we act so awkwardly! 
Just came home from work od tired 
@sdiabr12 -  hope you get home soon!!
is listening to tracks and chilling at home coz I'm sick 
iii just got home from da pizza n moviiez...... 
Sleeping, eating, and reading at home. . . . . . 
Awww max got sent home 
Really bored at home i wanted to go clubbing but dont have any money 
so upset that max went home on so you think you can dance...wish it had have been kapono 
At grandma's after shopping and coffee with some friends. I'll have to head back home soon 
I am angry that max went home!! He was great!! 
@ktom808   id rather be broke in vegas...than be at home.
i sure do wish @dj_wigs would get home already! kitty gaga and i miss him. 
i wish my family would stop buying nice junk food home. 
high temp for my son! viral fever  Both at home.
is in need of some home-comforts, i'm not feeling the may west. 
@NaturallyNike a good experience.. the only thing is that he had to go back home.. 
im at home TRYINGto asseble this thing 
@spry Looks like I'm going to have to either come to the party or crash somewhere tonight. I left my keys at home 
@djnycesf a damn leeadership conference, I wanna go home 
gtfo my home base, nub  ugh cooties.
@TMURPH74 yea i just got home like 5 mins ago...got off later than usual 
.insomniac.fuck ihatethis.gf come home 
My Stp.brothers wife ran off&amp; left him with nothing after he ret. home from iraq,they were moving and she just drove off with the uhaul 
http://twitpic.com/7sdzz - I remember when we used to get sunshine on the way home from schooool 
need to get up out my boyfriends house and walk home to mine  can't wait to get my car !
where did everyone go?! just coz its friday doesn't mean you can go live your life outside home and not talk to me hahaha 
Just came home 2 eat something....have to go back 2 work in 35 minutes 
nobody wants to leave me home alone 
have to get ready for work  that is shit man.. back home at 3.
So bored now that my friends went home  lol and so hungry... need food.
waiting 4 jarrod 2 come home 
Sitting at home coz of food poisoning, 
is sat at home doing nothing 
@SlimDiggs LOL thanx! ! Just got home 
sorry I have been so quiet recently - I have had my little boy at home w/ me - not much chance to tweet 
Too busy at work to tweet.  can't wait to get home and bust some ghosts.
Just got home from work still feeling abit sick 
I wanna go home and play with my new TV 
I wanna go home and play with my new TV 
omg, fml. I do not even remember how i got home last night.. phoneless and purseless 
@bethg40 I am not happy about that either...we don't have ac at home 
@#itsucks when you are the only one home and get stuck in the bathroom with no tissue 
Unfortunately I have to go backtrack home. DS dropped his lunch bag someone. Most likely in our garage. 
going home. too many good people are leaving the earth. sigh. 
forgot the crackberry at home.  lost without it.  
Its my 1st time missing home  i wanna go home, mummy ! - http://tweet.sg
@DraikeDawnfire It was weird. I don't know if I can finish before lunch--forgot my tablet at home so anything I do will be with a mouse. 
@jalenxcapesius ugh im not even at home to move things up off the floor 
@sophieholly i cried walking home after they said goodbye  they were like when you coming back? ooh glad you're enjoying reading!xx
waiting for hubby to come home so we can go on vacation. with stop in durham on sunday for grandfather-in-law's funeral.  
goin home in thirty 
I'm going home for some major moping 
at home chatin i can't go out cuz it rainin 
I have just endured the worlds most annoying wind whilst cycling home from work. I am not happy and I have a &quot;do.&quot; 
my nieces are going home today.   it wasn't an easy job being a mama.
@mileycyrus Could you not tweet so much your filling up my entire home page. 
is bored at home. I hate being sick 
just taugh mu last class  awwww. But i cant wait to get home
Not going home today - D is too sick and said it wasn't a good idea for me to come home; probably just get sick myself.       &lt;big.tears&gt;
Sitting at home with my sick kinder graduate 
@faffypants The cupcakes finally made their way home.  I don't have any to eat at work 
u know things are not alrite when u r at home alone, no food and no water 
@Rawrrgasmic what!! im going home now so i will miss them 
At home with a cold...feeling like my head is going to explode. 
@BizarreJC I am now learning to adore it. But what I walked out with is no joy ride home  I regret it now lol. Ahhh stressshopping is  ...
@home..so boring i want back to san francisco 
@thejeanmachine home is good, except its raining and i wish you and allison were here so all the girls could hang out! 
I'm kinda bummed out that my cat back home at my mom's house might have cancer of the foot. 
@portiswasp I know, I forgot  I'll get some nice whiskey at the airport on the way home - maybe you should make a card? and b in bed?
@pinkjcee he had too much to drink.. i did too...  i am home now though, thank god.
@lisaechung youre extremely lucky youre not home! i felt like curling up into a ball, but i didnt. i went out to get ice &amp; got rained on 
feeling lost without my p-nasty  he is off having an adventure with my dad and brothers...ugh. come home soon my love&lt;3
Jules went home sick and i miss her already... 
lonely night  working then home to hang out with the puppy till mike comes home from the redsox game
is happy home from work.  have to get up ealy for bloodwork tho 
soo0o0o0 bloody tired  hurry home Squshie xox I need snuggles 
I hate watching extreme makeover home edition because I cry everytime 
@lizzismacks aww thx! On our way home! 
@chizlak oh no  i'm sorry. i hope you get home soon!
@katielharper noo  im going home to nor cal again 
sorted. came home to my mum's to try and get some new songs demoed away from distractions of glasgow and i've forgotten my headphones 
so i decided to just stay home and play ps2... lol 
I just wanna get home 
@trent_reznor    *gives you some home baked bread*
im so bored at home! 
@o_carrie no just a very long journey home!  2 mins and I am there! X
sittin at home with my hair did with nowhere to go  #squarespace
Feeling healfy sad I'm back home  should be sitting on a terrace getting reeking
Wants to get out of the house ! I need food too  home food sucks . I hate being at home -____-
Waiting for my man to come home from work 
I chickened out on being topless about 4 miles from home.  http://flic.kr/p/6xToGE
Heading home from work..On the trax line  haha damn I need a car
i am home and i have a dilema 
Almost home thinking how much, i hate men right now &amp; thinking i might be in the wrong business, i have on idea anymore 
Just got home from food shopping and now cooking  my god I am tired
@johnjpark yikes!!! I'm on my way home now 
just got done talkin to my cousin b4 he goes back to iraq.  i cant wait for him to get back home. *depressed*
@mistygirlph I'm sad - got home after you left 
in my home a little sick 
@NinjaDropper omg! you're going to norcal? T__T things always happen when i'm not home. 
at home sick 
made it to atlanta... :/ ... my little (big) brother on his flight to orlando... i kinda just wanna go home 
Just got home and what I'm seeing on here doesn't look good.   #redsox
the new home dream vanishes more and more everyday 
@thebandit718 hurry up and get home, they gonna close the laundry 
for once i'm not happy about everyone else going out when i'm stuck at home 
tick tock.. only 2 hours and i will be at home.. soo sad 
I woke up and nobody was home. I feel like a loner 
So, anyone want to pick me up in mason. family is home early and i'm stuck here 
Just got home man I'm beat that was way too many nine irons &amp; big berthas or whatever....calgon take me away..my head hurts 
my poor dog dexter got neutered today...he's been crying since i got bak home 
at home...wish i was going out but my funds are tapped out... 
#dontyouhate when you gotta shit real bad but you're far from home? 
home from an awesome adventure with ash &amp; olivia . // where did the sunshine go? 
@xgfan Transformers 2. was ok but a little long-winded, i think im ill.... i was really sick wen i got home 
on my way home frm the beach. then hittting up the club tonight. i miss you jeremy &amp; edgardo 
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/7elx4 - I wanted to go.  I had to stay home tho.
@jocelynvv1 Haha...I can say that after you leave again...cuz I'll be alone again!  When are you coming home again?
On my way home. 
*hubby left for a side job.its just me and grace 2nite  I h8 being home alone @ nite!
I so don't want to drive home  *sigh* but i have to
@jenwchiang I have a cold  I went home early. It sucked a bit
home chatting with sierra. wishing i was drinking coke. 
home from the carnival, dont feel good, those spinny rides will be the death of me 
leaving the party early was a good choice. I'm waiting for my mom to get home.  I miss youuuuuuuu.
have begun packing to move to the new home! boxed few things, already my studio looks empty 
@mollywood probably could have gone to reset&gt; and reset home screen. 
is missing everyone back home so much 
going home after dinner and starbucks. I was treated to it since i'm broke. 
@buddalunch she just texted me and told me she dosent wanna come home! 
correys out with the boys.. work in the am so im stuck at home 
is at home watching old shows....alone!  will u join me?
Sometimes i feel like @jonasbrothers like performing over seas than at home in the states  guys, dont forget where you came from.
is waiting for hubby to get home from work. 
the scent of this shirt is my favourite smell in the world. come home. 
@mzgunn im up and @ home 
@wwwjeffmayca I worked 8-6 but had a rehersal dinner to go to after, and I had to plug it into my home computer. 
@robotcars reaaally... it's really damn bad  i want to stay at home and hide forever lor.
I'm really wanting my kitty to come back home now....its lonesome without him meeting me at the door. 
home feeling like shit again 
At the airport, pineapples in hand...time to head home and back to reality 
On my way home...no drinks for me 
home after a great night. but i left my voice somewhere along the way.  i knew another sinus infection was in the works... poo
i miss hiiiimmm! hurry home 
@mademmoiselle yah, i'm involved by sitting at home and paying my taxes. kidding! i'm on duty tomorro. 
not feeling too good right now. i got home from wrk and found my kitty passed away 
@bhaven, @craignewmark, i literally just got home from 3 wks in spain, so won't be making it to bootcamp after all  sorry, just too wiped
im home now and my eyes hurt 
on the road again...hehe...going home...i dont wanna! 
@lialestarisxo at home. pampering myself before study for uASShitty.  can't go anywhere tonight, geez 
just got home.. had a lot of fun... but cant sleep 
at home in this sunny saturday  huh!
Is doing laundry at 3am and still has to find the strength to drive home 
i hate being hungover back home. I just wanna smoke! 
just wants to stay at home instead of going to this family get together 
i'm packing a box but i don't know what to put in it.. everything is crap i should have left at home in the first place.  :\
im so sad studying far away from home..  so so so sad.!!
Hates these problems at home 
hates to stay at home with parents 
is now not having indian  instead has to eat whatever her dad brings home. i hope he comes home soon.
ready for home but still have a lil over an hr left 
home from the club... i had a blast! but my head is killin me  i HATE ciggarette smoke!
How is it going?? #zensursula it is raining in #hamburg - #piratenpartei    I am still @home
@christibot2pt0 sorry  i'm at home wishing i could call my boyfriend but he threw his phone in his washer 
I am worried that the florists screwed up their delivery schedule  we'll see when we get back home.
at home and trying out my new ebay purchase - looks like another disappointment 
just got home, and so damn tired... my body feels so dirty with all the jakarta pollution, i need to take a bath.. wanting salon  
Daughters just came home with huge shop bought bagette and nothing for me, would I have done that....no 
At home and ill  but only 6 days till I`m going to fly to manchester 
just got home! i need to copy the rules and regulations for chem 
I can hardly wait to come back home... Pleease, let me pass the exam!! 
is gutted my mate had to come home from htid in the sun early  women+raving=not good lol no offence to the good ones out there 
I'm tres sad after watching some really old home movies 
wasting my time sittin idle at home 
sitting at home by myself 
home sweet home, here I come!  o sa mor in tren 
On the way home 
@djdoggfather no ways! I was waiting for @djKT808 but he was still working so I'm heading home  sorry! At least I stopped by!
http://twitpic.com/7w9ba - @ home, lounging around. I seriously need a fringe cut 
might as well do the dishes now  or ill never get to it. my dad would be pissed if he got home and this many are sitting there
hates being home again 
http://twitpic.com/7wa0r - @ home, lounging around. I seriously need my fringe cut 
parents, brothers........ they haven't come home, I'm just spending my time with yuo pc  I need y'all fam!
@tfarahat looks good  omar is asking when is muhammad coming home. and it's driving nuts!
@CanarsieBK LOL! yeah. my bad. well, at least the londoners feel at home. we don't have that long until fall. 
I am home....and sick 
chilling watching a movie, oh it's like being @ home lol checked my back...shreeeeaaaacck! I've bn robbed, I've surely not spent it all 
is on her way home from the beach. 
Is sooo hungry and not home yet all those who know me properly will know exactly the mood I'm in now 
I'm having some problems with my home life. 
On my way home from the beach 
feels like death and wants to come home 
On my way home now, suffered one injury helping pack up the marquee 
playin wii wishing boyfriend was home   
I'm alone at home and no electricity  oh pln
Sitting idle at home... Feels so pathetic.... 
I'm feeling slightly flu-ish. But everyday is like a self-home quarantine for me anyway. 
I wasnt doped up after the surg. They didnt give me morphine  but they gave me drugggss to take home.
Almost on her way home! I wanna take a dip in the pool but i dont have one 
forgot my cell at home  boooo... working til 5
@ChichiTjandra my condolences  call me when ure home bebeeek
@tayzonday She is shocked because security forces broke and entered into someone's home. She also hears gunshot in street 
im still sitting at home  we are about to goto the park i think bella could use the fresh air and matthew needs to get some energy out!
Ugh jst sittin at home 
@alexxwatson bro it makes me wonder i thought u were home when i came back 
@ddlovato i'm sick and home alone plese talk to me 
@ddlovato i'm sick and home alone plese talk to me  plese
@ddlovato i'm sick and home alone plese talk to me  i'm from P.R. plese
@ddlovato i'm sick and home alone plese talk to me  dem pleseeee
I'm really sick ya'll they sent me home damn that H1N1 got everybody scared of a common cold.. 
@ddlovato i'm sick and home alone plese talk to me  plese dem follow me i'm from pr.
driving home from the beach   wish i could stay here!
florida was so relaxing. until i got home sick. 
Home for lunch.... kinda feel like stayin home- I don't wanna go back! They're having a swim meet 
@StephDavis I'm currently on way home from picking him up even tho I fin work at 5.  got to sort tea when I get in then. (
Going home from the guys adventure. It was awesome except i got burnt 
@rei_c ah! Not at home! I didn't think it was starting yet. 
home from the bahamas  im verryyyy sad! came home last night and here at home doin nothin......
home  i feel like a rapist a little        gosh durn
I dont like to think of nea going home.  it makes me sad. I wish we could just get an apt and live together! Paaarty!
T^T I am stuck at home!! 
home from home depot, so that was fun but it is 91* out side  cant wate to be in denver co.
Man i fukkn hate the weekends  i hate bein home. Aghh lame.
Clearly it's too hot for me to do anything ... but I don't wanna be boooored at home!!! 
here @ home bored as hell 
Looks like ill be watching the game from home 
went to a bar in the middle of nowhere on the way home. i fell in love and didnt even catch her name 
going home now.  update's could be short/non-existent (like my hair!!!) tomorrow. lol
doesn't feel good!  hope i didn't bring a mexican flu with me home 
@andy__c hey! that's my home town now! but yeh it sucks 
just got home from shopping didnt find anything 
the bf is home but he's leavin on the 28th for the airforce :/ i need cheerin up...big time 
@djjemz At what time are u going to the hotel??? , -- i just wanna sleep and stay home  ahahahaha
home. really f'n mad/upset/angry/hurt... dad's been in the hospital for nearly a week. who knows when he's coming home 
Not liking a lot so far  and waiting on my mummycoming home from m&amp;ds ...boooooooooooo
On my way home from my visit w/ my fav cousin and katie 
@ChitownNelly whats up! thanks for the follow...chi city is my home away from home! im gonna miss the taste this year 
@aaronob I do!  I was literally crying on the bus home because I could hardly remember anything about the actual concert. 
just came home from downtown... hate it when my family yells 
at home.. bored out of my mind and can't think of anything to get into.   
home... ugh!  sooo annoyed!
On the train heading home. No sign of any celebs coming to the #MMVAS... 
Home sweet home but what will we have for dinner????? ;( gotta go back out &amp; get something 
Just got home, nobody is here  now off to the kitchen to cook.. What should I make?
damn it. i only got 5 minutes with my amp turned all the way up. then someone comes home 
@tommcfly me an my sis waited for u guys by the stage exit but you drove past us an we flew home from egypt an drove 3hours to see you 
hmmm what should I eat when I get off work....really wanting some harolds chickin! wish I was back home 
In the taxi on the way home, I'm so tired &amp; I don't feel very well 
cry he's gone home 
hope @pelesmk gets home safe! sorry about your flats 
came home just now to find my little sister has made the house smell of sick hmmm... nice! poor lucy 
as much as i love being updated with what the boys are up to on there jouney home bed calls .. up at 7 
Sitting at home by my self  nothing to do
@ms_cornwall not fair  though I've some nice home made chocolate cake in the kitchen, might have a bite of that instead.
at home... being lazy. too muggy to do anything else 
on the way home 
i don't want to go to work  i want to stay home and finish my homework....strange i know.
back home, cookware set from walmart  when are the macys ones going to be in the kitchen?
My sister is home from florida...I wish she would stay 
service. What you have was family, and the feel of home. I miss being there. 
Is at home chilling w the hubby , gotta work tomm 
be back in a bit in Amnerica . miss home me d0. 
driving maiya's sister home, way south of my shower and bed 
@Bersies sorry home meant duluth  i will come back to eyota someday!! lol
at home miss my baby 
@b_club but I'm a stay at home mom...I RnG simply because I love my kids....i'm nothing uber special 
All alone @ home  just rented my bloody valentine mall cop and bedtime stories...
@sarahmoller come home now? i miss you should a lot 
@eddieizzard no fair, stuck at home and no good stand ups 
figuring a way home 
home from work, tired  footlocker is a workout
sick at home! 
At home feeling run down. I think I'm getting sick 
bored out of my mind no of my friends are home 
stay at home and ...surf web 
pissed bcus i  wasnt able to find me anything to wear..so im stayin home  tonite 
Just got home from work.... ahh so damn tired  my legs are dead lol
just got home. tried to feed ethan pancakes at moms, no good. oh &amp; carolann hates me. 
I'm supposed to be in church. But mom hated that, so i'm at home right now.  - http://tweet.sg
Just got home. I made a big oops by going under the water!!! 
@prissycook mines aug 6! you can make them for my coming home tho. lotto ticket not a winner  *~SassyD~*
Issss gonna stay home on his birthday 
Almost home after droppin caris bf home in useless(eustis) lake county 
@jammymusician i know its hard 2 b away frm home.i'm tied 2 the army so i left my home town 16 yrs ago and am lucky 2 get back 1 a yr. 
At paige's abode. Probably leaving shortly, then home to shower.. I smell like a fire.  eww. ahh well
weird banging noises coming from outside. my neighbor is murdering someone? i hate being home alone 
@gummyx haha ai.. back home..cant see her for 2 weeks  so sad
missing her lazy dog back home 
I've to go back home bcoz I forget the adaptor 
@KingACole nothing at home! david is working!  when are you coming out here?
home from chelsea's 
Still not home..  starting 2 get anxious trapped in this car. I had an anxiety attack in the resuraunt and had 2 leave! :\
home....the rodeo is horrible to lil cows!!!  
texting the boyfriend...who is by the way drinking and getting trashed while im stuck at home sick 
cousins grad party rocked, but i kinda wish i stayed home and went to the sk6ers show. ugh. not its another year wait for a concert 
sobbing on my walk home from fremont 
finally back at home, tired, bored, and I feel like I'm getting a little sick 
@DuckyPorkchop that's totally the opposite way... and i'm home already 
@Wookiesgirl oh I'm just home alone and bored and lonely 
@winecountrydog becasue I might fall in love with a precious kitten and I have no place for it to call home yet. 
yet another sat sitting at home- things remain the same 
nobody wanted to take me home  finally on my way home now. party bus &lt;3
just got home from work.. gotta be up at 5a for inventory. hating life 
, cuzzy just called, they're going to watch a movie. jingyi's staying at home  ;( 
chylln at home...feelin very sick 
Finally chillen at home from work. A little mad because I'm at home on a saturday. 
I dont want to come home.  leah, come to me.
on my way home ;) where are you now? 
at home getting bugged...nothing much to do.  
home sweet home..time to k.o like a baby..ughh my daddy is traveling on fathers day 
Just got home......kinda lonely 
on the way home 
sitting in clifftop by myself. everybody went home 
sitting at home watching tv, ugh I'm missing out the party-hop. 
im boreddddd, being home alone is boringg... 
Just got home from mikes and dashas go away bash!!! You'll be missed guys. 
watching tv and trying to warm up after i got rained on walking home 
Nothing like heading home at 1 am because a crabby baby was too hot and wouldn't sleep. 
tiny adorable kittens at the vide grenier climbed all over me, but i couldn't take them home! 
come back home and tired  #fb
@srhchn hahahah busteddddd. feel like having frolick  what time r u coming home?
@KeNiJoeFanatic ha. i forgot to add home economics on that. we'll study acctg  gaaah.
were feeling me. Then i became aggravated by the lack of maturity that i decided to go home. I should have stayed home like i planned. 
boarding plane for home. bye bye beach. 
My boy's just come home very upset...he'd been beaten up by the nasty little boy who lives next door but one 
guess what guys.....i am FREEEEEEEEEEEEEE. back home, my own home, my own bed but for only 2 days 
caroline just gone home all sad now 
home from the footy, sick 
I wanna im home. At the nature preserve for 4 more hours. 
I wish i could work from home...better yet from my bed that i miss so so much at this moment 
@ScotteeTee I have no idea this is the 4th nite he hasn't come home. I've walked around looking for him  i really miss him too
@Minervaswords didn't get the kiddies last night  ended up staying home learning some photoshop.
iit's soo boriing... all my friiends aren't @ home 
is travelling home, boring tbh 
I promise i keep intending on going to church every sunday but i keep waking up with terrible headaches.  staying home again 
@bloobleebloo HOW? I need to get crap off my home page 
I got so fucked up @ the white party idk how I got home! I'm so disappointed with myself! 
not going to the cottage. wishful thinking. staying home until my mouth feels 100%. such an inconvenience. on drugs 
@BlondeNoa yeah  were usually always together too when were home since I go to uni across the country. Does he not live near you?
On our way home and my cd player is not working 
just got home from camping at the lake! Thinks she ruined things between A.J and her. 
Finally! im goin to bed.. And,i miss my home 
@HOSSnessmonster im happy u made it home.now your far away from me 
home, hopefully napping while my poor hubby goes to work for like 2 seconds 
@paulhomer My mum fell over, half her arm is missing cause she fell on a glass at the train station on way home from wedding... 
sitting here board, waiting for hubby to come home 
is sitting here board, waiting for hubby to come home 
Just got home&amp;mum decided2have a faint attack.I obviously panicked&amp;called an ambulance.She got really angry with me&amp;said i was stupid. 
@ddlovato i friggin wish i could come. but i cn't go to any of ur shows unfortunetly  i wn't b home when ur in my town  but i stil &lt;3 u!
@toolbandphat dob, i'm so sorry you had to paint that room. i tried to tell my dad to wait until i got home in 2 weeks.  sorry.
wants to stay home and sleep but has to go shopping.  http://plurk.com/p/12qjm9
@KitiaraTomsen my girl is in tears im making her stay home.  
just got home soo tiredd.... missin you nikki 
Feeling quite anemic....left my iron pills at home 
Nearly home. Missed everyone 
sitting at home without @calidreamin22  no fun.
happy father's day. sick at home  and sick of being at home lol cant wait to get my car back!
could you make this sunday more longer?still wanna stay at home 
@shaneholling it blew over me when I was rounding the bay on lakeshore.  Thats when I realized I left my phone at home 
sitting at home still anoyed that i carnt go back to work after my injury for atleast another two monts 
http://twitpic.com/847nw - what a nice weather!but i should stay at home and draw some animals for my dear art lecturer 
sick of my home  haha need to go out  x
I miss my little one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! He needs to hurry up and come back home and play with his mommy!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
got back from the cheesecake factory ~ not so good ~ hanging out at home with natasha yayy .  my fishes are dieing .. so sad cant help it
My eyelids are so heavy right now that I'm scared to blink. I swear if I do I'll be out for the count &amp; out of a job. I wanna go home 
had the scariest experience ever on friday: breaks went out while driving home from work. needing a tow truck and new breaks 
Is at home feeling sick 
just got home from the hospital... feel absoulutely rubbish 
baaack from lunch. only 4 1/2 hours to go. well then the drive home, so i guess i shouldnt start counting yet. 
at home crying...anyone want to make me feel better 
well..i'm back from the gym.and fuck you all!!! sorry..but it sucks to come home alone..and now without my sweet dog to cheer me up... 
baby less than 24hours old found in the lobby of an apartment....so sad....i want to go take her home 
the show was pretty good, cept the fat people trying to crowd surf on me, then tristan slept over, and went home around 11:30 i miss him 
came home to a little boy suddenly running a 102 deg fever 
chillin at home. gotta clean soon. ugh! 
jus home kind of  sad 
i need to find something to do. nothin to do at my house. all my friends r not at home. 
arg hugeass spider!!!!! and i'm home alone 
I need to start on my take home test...  
Is at home safe, and watchin the news. So sad 
@hot2definc matter of fact I got home from the gym &amp; my sister had a big mac sitting on the counter 
last night with nick and ryan  i'm going to miss being a fake stay at home mom! ha
On my way home. without orderin new glasses  not happy...
I think I'll finally leave work, since it's almost 6:00.    I wanna go home and go to bed...
Just got home, it's hot now..just when the americans leave 
@inothernews You are so sweet to worry. @gnagesh just told me he got home safely. I wasn't anywhere near a train. What an awful situation 
Just got home....waitin for my studsband to get off work....I need to smoke but it aint the same without my boo 
I came home because my dad wanted me to wash fruits? I should've stayed out 
home resting my little feet  too tired from work
sick at home 
I've been off the plane for 2 hours and we're still not home  my mom always side tracks
at home trying to study agian 
...is on his way home. 
 I miss my sisters alot and want them to come home soon. I don't like being alone
@meggdavie i miss you too my child!  we will hang when u get home!!
coming home. super loud  but i got a coooooool shirt 
after graducation di fam and i went to nakisaki to eat and now we on our way home so no work for me tonight 
I just got home from work, Its so freakin hot in this house, I feel sweaty 
on my way home. i definitely miss my husband 
just watched an episode of the bachelorette.... I'm sad that jillian sent jake home 
back home...sad...want to be back with my friends 
this extreme makeover home edition is too sad. 
my trip to alabama with magin oh is almost done  heading back home soon until i'm off to new mexico for NINE DAYS!
Packing up and going home... I feel like shit! 
how can people say the right things, when you're other half of 11 yrs decides to sign up for a online dating service when your not home 
My battery, hang on until I'm home 
27 dogs on our waiting list in a home needing to come into the centre- and that's not as bad as it has been 
sitting at home with a bruised leg  why is my life so happening in all the wrong ways 
on my way to the airport flying back home ! 
sitting at home all alone with a sprained and bruised foot ... why is my life so happening in all the wrong ways 
I left my headphones at home  I'm abt to run and go get them lmao
wishing I had an ipod  on the bus on the way back home
came home.its raining heavily 
@thetek yep a whole 30 mins of research down the pan  stupid library. now got to do it all again at home!  lost all my documents 
@VingzBayBay he's comin home on wed..........he's n nyc! i miss him 
sittin at home on ma own  who needs men
figuring out what i wanna do. bored at home, with nothing to do. 
Is on her way home sick. I hate my gallbladder. 
home, pretty ticked off right now at my mom, nothing new! 
wants to know why every time I'm home alone with the kids that the power goes out and I have to journey to the creepy dark basement. 
piano lessons, shopping, flag...won't get home unitl 7 
If i Could i would cry now in the train on the way home. 
 had to go into work today grr how 1982... then i came home and had to build furniture !!!1 at least I got a nice new chair 
@boozer444 i just finished work going home...you suck so much right now 
still sick, at home. I've been mia 
@BeckyPidz we'll meet you half way  and walk you home x x 
Just home from work, feeling as sick as a dog- not fair 
http://twitpic.com/87wq2 - makin our shirts, that I didn't get to take home 
Geting bored of being at home. So dont like vacations 
@souljaboytellem y u always stream live when I'm NOT @ home?!  *tear*
Not looking forward to sitting in traffic on the way home......  
going home. ugh im tired of work! 
@vagelisv  it's 71 but feels like 90 to me...   I feel dizzy and I am heading home in a bit, how have u been?
@himynameisciara sucks  but heard weathers good at home right now so might not be too bad!
 i really wish i could have kept that kitten.... someone just picked it up. It will have a good home with no mean cat hissing at it 
sick  going home as soon as my daddy comes back from the dmv and pick me up @ work
sitting at home. bored. kind of wish i was with brit, kaiti, &amp; julia.  why must i insist on staying home all the time?
Is driving home...sad 
I'm bored at home doing nothing. 
I hate my job right now...wanna be home with my girl 
Wish my wife would come home guess she loves chris more 
sitting at home 1/2 asleep watching tin tin and resting up  #fb
Laying at home,sick. Might have strep throat. 
im going home to an empty house 
I need my mummy the spider slayer to come home from work and save me 
feeling bittersweet right now im glad im back for a visit but ii left my baby home alone  hurry and get here
dear april, come home  justin's hot tub and grill won't be nearly the same without you.
@ home with a cold...ugh 
ciera an netbook @ home. I'm @ work.   
I'm home! I just wanna sleep some more 
Oh man! I jus got home  i miss my friends and cedar point already 
@Amberoxsox i want you home too!  I miss miss miss you with all my heart!!
@partygirlmia at home...by myself 
@ jesscuuhh if i go...could u give me a ride home  http://twurl.nl/1hool4
Watching money making recipe. I'm dying at home 
Just got home and comforted my family..... This just isnt fair no one should have to see there dad cry 
omg how I miss home. all these fine men!!! why can't indianapolis have it like this 
damn mood off..leavimg m dear home..hyderabad..i l miss it 
is working from home. Maybe the cute guy next to me on the plane had the virus? 
Getting damn late to office today.all coz of hubby.came home late n got up late. 
Having a great time out in oklahoma but missing everyone back home 
sitting here at home... wishing i were still in missouri 
@SongzYuuup hey...r u loving california? i wish i was there i miss home sometime 
I think I ran over a bunny on my way home... not sure... 
wen is she coming home     
getting ready to head home for good.. 
going home  i have to wrok tmrw. i had fun ;)
@leeteuk : why do you leave Hyukie at home so long. I think he is hungry  comeback comeback quickly
I wanna go ooouuuut.  I can't stand being stuck at home anymore!!
Just got home. Wish I was at the movies with my loveee tho 
late night pizza stop then headed home. I'm actually really tired tweeple... 
Getting ready for work  I guess I have to bring home the bacon some how!
has the hick-ups(spell check!) and is wanting to go to bed, but i'm not home... 
come home...  imy
i am back to report epic faliure. now i have been tempted and have fallen in love, to come home rather empty. no fender strat for me 
G'night world.  Ickest...I hope your doggie comes home....  
G'night world. @ickest I hope your doggie comes home.... 
@keisyaarya yesss i miss home  can't wait for december!
I'm dying at home. i wanna go out  This is like a jail. Mummyyyyyy, I'mmmm dyyyiiinnnnnggggggg.
here at home, doin' nothing but home works since classes were suspended and there's nothing else to do 
just got home, detroit fireworks were lovely, tothy was a good wasted guy, overall good time, except for when i came home, no 8in stephan 
my poor mom can't sleep cause she had a bat in the house last night.  she's home alone and terrified of them.    poor thing.
@smittenkitty thanks hun *hugs* He's never been away from home this long. He can hear a tin of catfood being opened from a mile away. 
Where have all the staff gone? This office is far too quiet. maybe they are all watching wimbledon and working from home 
@Mels85 i dont know  it just wont start..... and no one is home to fix it.
@carsonjdaly whazup i never get home in time to c u nowadays   coz im L8 shift at nursing home w Grams..had any cool artists on .. share?
As I predicted to my husband earlier: I can't sleep for shit when I'm not home. 
its been a while since i tweet'd! home for my sisters wedding and iphone broke  how is twitter land?
@alyoka Someone must have stolen it on the bus home from Skt. Hans aften 
sittin at home realy bored..missing my baby  love him sooo much xxx
just got home twitters. I'm so tired 
@TessiieS2 look forward to hearing from you, I have things to tell you AND I'm home alone and super lonely  lol
I just wokee upp and found no1 home . . .  ! Heading to the beach soon!
chillin at home got wrk soon 
packing my bags to in home. the bus leaves here at 10 am. 
@felicialeung wow u played that as soon as u 're home? xcan;t c u on now 
im so bored at home 
just got done working out. I'm home sick! 
I'm tired of going out. I just want to stay home and kick it with my mom...  
just got home, my patient's still in bad shape 
afraid of staying home alone...there's someone who has no body...no see...knocking on my door... then calling out my name... then... 
@ytevo79  offensive comments, which is wrong because i was on home in xi and to get my rug then went on codwaw with my clan!!! 
@textualoffender The food is really... homely ! but it wasn't something to write home about. I didnt know if i liked it or disliked it 
I'm alone, home by myself  I want to to somethiiiing!
im home and tiRed.. but still have some stuff to do.. 
stuck at home, missing my dad. 
damn it... I left my wallet home today. I am gonna die from starvation... 
I managed to make it all the way to the office before realizing that I forgot my badge at home. 
@LiammTh - ahhh i agree pal , tbh i can't wait to get home , but i got 2 hours of torture 
@Skibble I'm still working from home &amp; shall be for the considerable future by the looks of it! 
heding home from vegas  had a blast sad to see her go!
@faustxklo Ooops, I actually meant back to my apartment home 
bored as ever   naty went 2 tlk 2 a frend so im alone    in this vehicle   when we get home i wish shed play crds    but she wont  
Is at home sick 
dropped kids off at vbs, got dunken donuts, came home went next door and said my goodbyes to elizabeth before she goes to columbus 
Lots of fox still here  they just sent some crowd wrangling minions home.
ahhhh home, now off to do some life chores 
welp back home, and the sun is missing, its rather sad 
@lookadollar sorry I did not give you a stauts update. I got shelby home around 11ish and I was too tired to go.  
home. work. miss my boy 
Just home debt to ulster bank all paid off only to hear about fww  gutted! still, good luck with album #2 guys! x
just got home from work. i can hardly feel my legs right now... 
At home upset cause had a massive argument with my mate 
http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSN12456813 rat island is finally rat free!  looks like ephraim lost his vacation home 
Jeeeeez somebody is grumpy today. I asked my mother for a lift home but she bit my head off  another two mile walk for evey. Blehhh.
Tired  not at home now. - http://tweet.sg
home. i gotta go and have a camera shoved in an interesting place on the 14th july. 
I am so mad i cant use my phome at home because omeone has a signal booster. 
@Hibippytea I do too...it hits home when you hear someone went to work and had a heart attack but left w/out a kiss  or a hug 
@xFreshToDeathx yes you are. i couldnt buy everything i wanted, cause i left my card at home, and i only had $80 to spend. and i got food 
@bryhiga I wish I could, but I have to go home for my brother's wedding shower--I haven't been home since christmas 
Singing..&quot;Lonely...I'm so lonely...I've got somebody but he's not at home 
on my way home. damn i miss that sunshine state! all it does it rain here 
@strawberishake have a safe flight home love! sorry we couldn't meet  next time for sure
I still have a headache from 5am and I feel like I am losing my mind....I am heading home soon 
At home, wondering where the hell everybody is!! 
i am home alone.. no kids, all by my lonesome self 
On my way home 
@Executivefocus Ah thats so sweet, I wish, doctor ordered me to stay home and rest pre hospital   don't think it's serious, back tuesday x
@ashtonteal that's so sad...shes from back home 
Oh, gosh. I am watching news video of my friend's home burning.  I need to get a hold of her to see if they need anything.
@MissNappyBoy and ur home is where? ohhh i nkow lexington ky rite next to me 
@belliestobabies I have two too. I just don't know how people survive winter without jungle gyms at home 
@SilkCharm re: #nbn as someone already said, does fiber to the home mean we will all at least be regular now 
250 miles from home and its nice and sunny 
back home from working out    and i've been eating way too much!!!
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - aww how cute  this made me smile, i'm sick at home :[
Still sick at home....flu...trying out several twitter desktop clients 
waiting for home &amp; away to come on .   gotta love that shoooow 
Just got back home, sleep time before going to the (mighty) comm to fetch some beds 
@ladykathrine hahah we went past kryal castle on our way home from sovereign hill - so we did the backwards kitten trip lol 
@limburger2001 No no, catch up now!  I' home now YAY! 
chillin @ home watching pdid on ellen ! 
Heading home to @mighty_mel 
@chipcoffey safe flight home! bet you'll be glad to see your babies. 
i will spoil myself with luxurious things while i'm here at home!!! take that intern!! 
@5dots Wait, your professor asked for a ride home?? What a concept!! 
i will spoil myself with luxurious things while i'm here at home!!! take that intern!! 
home from drive in with shayy  prob going to bed soon so nite everyone 
ryan hit that home run just for me 
@mrzhollywood lmao, bet! But I'm okay, though! And I'm home, another plus 
okay people! I'm back home..now you can IM me 
At mad city, going home at one 
gots to go clean her room...brother and sis in law come home tomorrow!! 
@DeLaGrana what are you buying me?!?! I'll buy you a one way ticket home. With no return flight 
working at home on PC's for eveyone else but me 
in the car coming home from virgina  yay. wont be home till 4:30 though! soooooooo much traffic =/
@Domness yeah... little location button on the home screen 
@LouiseBrig because I'm sitting in the back of a car on the way home, so I would spill it! 
Laying tile at Juds, I should have my own home improvement show 
isss home!  http://plurk.com/p/ow7t7
@dotmad u have ghosts at ur home? 
just got home from practice.. now hanging out with kolbster&lt;33  !
@kuzzofly heyyyyyyyyy sweetie! whats up with u? u back home? miss u 
At home baking muffins from a mix. 
Is now at home, In brisbane, and still doesnt have a phone 
On our way home. 
@iMoby haha she was already there.. and wouldnt move so i sat on her  and then i thought it was funny so it turned into a home photo shoot
im never on this. haha. just got home a while ago from dance competitionnn, now watching twilight/house bunny with alyss! wooop 
im never on this. haha. just got home a while ago from my dance competitionnn, now i'm watching twilight/house bunny with alyssa! wooop 
@phanxhunter oh i am home lol. And my parents are asleep! 
long night at work...home now and drinkin some wine 
@playaraedaboss i'm envious  throw a big fat kiss to my home town!!
@mickles7 yayy youre home! and of course soon  as long as i dont look horrible (it does happen!) (same with being scummy, it happens!) x
@mooncici had to get some fresh water for the ladies at home. 
Tweeting my way home... 
just got home from amanda and bryans wedding festivities and is exhausted 
Off to see the family back home later this week. Always nice to go back home for a while, but I always miss a dog, a rat, and a kat. 
on my way back home to chicago 
I love how i'm never home  i haven't been home once since i came back from disneyland. I need clothes damn i guess i'll go home tomorrow
At home! About to knock out. So sleep tonight. &lt;3 u guys 
Just sitting home &amp;doing some youtube.. 
Only four buses on the way home 
On my way home. 
is far far away from home but having fun 
@mikasounds finally going to your own home. that's gives you a relax feeling  and too because your 2nd album is ready, how relax is that?
sitting at home with my bff!!! 
on my way home 
@dwz_pingpong @jenypher408 @n_k_mama glad you made it there safe sisters! Have safe trips home. 
@DeidreKnight I remember going to see that movie and wishing someone like that was waiting for me at home.  Then I met my husband 
@bgryphon ah.  at home, very expensive compared to my fresh ground coffee.  And I sure don't waste a drop 
chillin ay home me and my 360 
she still thinks of me while back at home in virginia.  I miss her
I woke up at 8am took a run with my dad -_- When i came home i jumped in bed and fell back asleep. 
@improvedk What's the point?  You're not going home until thursday anyway, right?
@NIYANA I'm on the road now about 2 go back home...as soon as I get settled in I'm goin 2 load some pics, so that u can c them!! 
@dub202 me either... i cant wait to get home 
Oh wow, my #tek09 webcast is being featured on the @slideshare home page. And they even e-mailed me to let me know.  #awesome
chillin at home. 
home sweet home.. nothing better than your own bed, so tired for all the traveling but it was all worth it to see my dad.. 
@seshadriv yay!!! come back home then!!!! 
ahhh home sweet rental.  i love sunday afternoons.
On the bus a swanny haha shay is dero. Going home now, yay movies and sharnnas. 
just got home from cali what a trip that was 
getting ready to go up north, sister home tomorow 
@ on my way home  haaah, feels good. 
i dont know what to do ahhh :/ but oh well. emmas home 
got home from the gym.. sooo tired!! gotta rest 
@GinnyMoss so glad she's home  as long as I have happy gas before the dentist comes near me I'm fine LOL
@gumbylbn I &lt;3 extreme make over home edition!!! 
@allthatglitrs21 yeah houl whn youget home 
home with my sweet boys 
@DannysGhirl yes back on rout to my wee town in germany 93 days and im home to scotland! 
is back home now.   http://plurk.com/p/p63ka
happy you're home  jealous of your new kitty
On my way home, see you soon. 
@eatdrinkbekerry do you go out for that or is that something that occurs in the privacy of your own home?? 
@stefanodimera Some of us home the marriage doesn't last long, either 
I ain't got no money, so I took my broke ass home... 
me and my bby just got home from the streets! lol 
Yayayayyy on way home 
Husbear brought home flowers for the sick wife 
@PennySA i like just ginger and chris chameleon and a few others  not usually into music like that but it reminds me of home! 
http://twitpic.com/3ph30 - There's nothing better than home cooked pizza for dinner 
SoOo nice to be back home. never been so happy to be reunited with my bed. . and my turntables  back to work now!
@LMehdi happy! I wanna get home to test the new lens! 
@_mel_ seriously....regular sized chips then laksa at home....seriously... 
@cheekygene i use to go 2 the wineries in south aus when I had a fiance. I lived there for 2 weeks once  and escaped and drove home perth
http://twitpic.com/4dr0l - 2 down, home time now and bed 
Ahh, it feels good to be a gangsta! and to be back home with all my pets and mom and dad! 
Home + good coffee + home cooked meal = happy 
@AsPgameLive  i miss nick swisher as well and follow him- i happy for him but want him to come home to oakland  sniff sniff
@rustym30 thanks for suggestion. I'll take a look at the page when I get back home 
@SarahToshiko home...doing nothing  we were looking for something to do but everyone's home like us evidently!
chillin at home 
@kalelprime I believe in you sir!  Also, your poster made it to my home safe and sound- will get a shipping estimate when I can  
Just got back home, my trip was delayed mhmmm.. I'm online on multiply and facebook! 
pretty bored. i think ronald is home from the feild but he's not talking to me. :/ watching robs fantasy factory 
wooo back home from mama margies. hittin the hay  holllaaaaaaaa duece
chillin at home 
Waiting on my beautiful bride and CoolCat to get home from a movie.    // cool http://gykd.net
me and sararh were singing war songs on the way home 
just got home from work.. laughed my ass off 
@serialseb:  from @alexjmackey for you.  http://home.inter.net/mjm/mugs.html
and taylor ,, arena then home soon 
@brod3740 Absolutely! If they can keep it close they'll have a chance. We have the home advantage. 
I`ve just gotten home from work, and I`m going to see the russerevy.. Now I`m gonna eat dinner in the sunny weather! This is perfect! 
Is getting paid to sit at home, how much better can it get 
had to drive out to the storage center. food, home, shower, maybe supporting my loves in tennis 
@girl_on_recon it was friday. i was bored and home alone. not a hardship really. 
Getting ready.  Molly's coming home and we're hangin' out 
@curtis55 miss you guys!  bring home a porcupine for me!  
just reached home. super happy. 
@delilahlove214 im going home to my dog now. 
Off to home after working out...on my gaming skills 
@roryjames http://twitpic.com/4et9h - don't hate. it's all I ever see. Feels like... home 
@dmmedlin1 hahahahahaha  i can only imagine what happened after i left(left as in stumbled back home)
@judy_jay just got home from work and relaxing at home with food and wine, maybe wine will help calm u n yr mum a bit 
just got back from soccer fanatic and waiting for my daddy to get home so we can go to lunch 
My little brother has just arrived home. He is smiling. Sure his team trashed us tonight. But he is scared he opens his mouth 
jus chillin @ home 
@beaniekins Welcome to your new home  *sends brownies*  
just got home from a fun wedding 
home from work, midnight snack/snuggle hubby time  @therooster805
just got home getting ready to go to sleep now so night everybody on twitter!! 
Just got home..! off to earls and caprice 
home from jacob's  tiiired bout to hit the sackk
Just got home from the bar   love u jenni always 
People need to learn how to drive. Anyways just got home and I'm dloading games onto my phone 
a ride home, and free tacos, whats better than that? 
is attempting to race god's flashlight home...wish him luck 
sittin at home, just got here. went to taco bell  
Thinks it's funny that she has 333 updates coz she took the 3.33 bus home this arvo 
is finally home  xoxo 
is playing playstation 3 home..hee.. 
@Faahz its a miracle!!! I'm on my way home now 
is reaching home soon and going to find my baby niece play 
@stephanietokona i went to nz and came home from nz by myself when i was 11, so you can do it ! 
loves that he's back home.  http://plurk.com/p/rjau6
home from work  missed borat tho
Is happy hubby surprised me and came home 24 hrs early! What an awesome thing to wake up to, a knock at the door and him behind it 
will be going home na.  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/rjvdc
@devilduckies: when david gets home 
I'm home;going to the movies later to see seventeen again 
Getting stuff from my sisters house and bringing  them home.. i wanna go to vero. 
Just finished work, going home to get ready to hit the town with uni mates  we've not been out together in ages 
home..playing some texas hold'em 
On my way home (:  likes orange mango smoothy 
@theseawithin not all of them, just this nincompoop.    It's over, I am headed home to sew and drink tea.
Today was semi fun  hanging with aaron and samm right now. Going home soon though
is watching extreme makeover home edition with my Alexanderrr 
baby we belong, ive got another you at home - that 70s song, the cab. 
You can say goodbye, you can say hello But you'll always find your way back home 
@ablondiemoment There was food involved too  but I didn't get home until 5:30 so lunch pretty much lasted until dinnertime...
just got back frm my lame dads house..soooo happy to b home 
Driving home half blind and not knowing how fast I'm going 
Waiting on my boo to get home!  I miss him!
Driving home with the ladies. I got leftovers for ben 
A's home and been passed out since 7:30... I've been twiddling my thumbs ever since. I guess we'll chat at 5 am when he wakes up 
@jadeofjades i know hell, i miss u too! gyrl come back home i need good energy around me 
home sweet home, finally!  wus tweetin? http://www.younghustlazmusic.blogspot.com/
With my sister at home, watching tv.. Going to make some nachos 
chillin at home 
back home. man im hungry. getting ready..shopping 
Nothing like home-made paranthas for breakfast 
On the way to home 
hah.. finally got home... 
On my way home. I think i am over him 
@GregorBenjamin yeah, nothing like the heat of home. 
@OxygenOverdose awesome! have to take a look at them when i'm home. 
I am going to work than, ill be home, and im going to look for my camera since it must be lost in my house. everyone have a wonderful day 
in 1st period. i hate this class. can't wait until i'm home!!!!!!!!!  i'll b the happiest person in the world wen i'm home!!!
@greggrunberg http://twitpic.com/4jdtj - have a safe journey back home hope you come back soon 
@jkreeftmeijer you can turn the bird sounds off if you like in twitterena - check out settings from your home page 
@dougiemcfly have fun walking home on your own  xo
Staying home to work on a linoleum block carving for a project (due tomorrow). There will probably be pictures. 
@MsCatou someone really needs to make a kit like that avaialble for home use 
weee! internet is back here at home! 
staying home because I'm badass. 
@sarahjlwest I ake it you're at work then and not lazing at home on a sunny bank holiday. 
home; just had yogurt factory, i love yogurt  also hung with my uncle and lucy
@paulwingz nothinbg home about to jump in the shower the streets is calling meeeeeeee  @STEFFSOFLII what is it 4 tonight @COKEbabyy tell m
yey finally home 
takin short nap, gym and work before kids come back home tonite 
who not here be glad!!!!!!! ur sso luckyyyyyyy i hate u r home n r not enduring dis!!!! 
We just crossed into the golden state, its nice being home 
is home  i love traveling, but there is nothing like coming home!
just got home from the show opening.  fantastic. thanks to everyone who came out 
alone @ home... nice  very nice!!
just got home, talk 
on my way home from ny...then sleeping 
loving phuket with melai and badette. i'll be coming home soon  imiss everyone 
@imfunsizee and jarita i'm going home now and i'm with two hot guys  drool.
mmm - home-made pizza (that I helped to make), a home-made cheesecake (to eat soon) &amp; family... a nice day for mother &amp; nanna  
@linnraz home for 4 months  or less. depending on how fast i get bored, hahs.
back home in palmdale. in bed with my mommy 
just rocked home from maccas, and now signing a petition for big bang to tour aus  LOL
watching bruce all mighty at home 
Is finally home, fed and ready to go to bed and its only 2:45am.  That's gotta be a record 
feels at home to be back at church 
Loves fatty take away nights... yummy  then coming home and facespacing with my roomies 
@jaztwitta welcome home babe! 
Headed home, see yall in the A.M. Tweets 
last sunday before going home!   
All the money in the world could never make me as happy as being a stay-at-home mom with my son 
on our way home 
home from my date. goodnight. 
just got home. im very happy.  http://plurk.com/p/swbwr
vettel vs f95... thank god there is more than one screen at my parents home 
On my way home from the stable 
listenin to some 80s and early 90s music with my dad on the 11 hour trip back home  Haha
On the bus now nearly home  ive had my lomdon fix thanks
on my way home to be with my mommy! 
@mdzulkar9 aww damn. its okay. i still go to the gym regularly and now i can do 10 pull ups at home. 
@ahdum   yup...just gave her a call.... really misses  home especially seeing every family's celebrating with mom.
@peanut2468 basically i was going 2 go 2 ur casa as soon as i got my license but u wernt home so... 
Going home to help make lunch for mom. 
on the way home 
At home, gonna spend some much needed time with my mother 
home from the wedding!  I had so much fun!  The wedding was beautiful, and so were the people  &lt;3 @craxyrae &amp; @porp!
@pritchard92 but that means he'll follow me..i'll get him to get it when he comes home 
home with mama and fam 
currently trying to clean the whole house, finish homework, and cook dinner before my granny gets home.  happy mother's day!
Driving home  thank god!
hangin out at home with the parents 
Still driving home from san diego...someone entertain me 
On our way home from bart nows 
@JESSIMTV i am home to now so i can watch the aftershow. i could only watch the hills one! its been 4 months. i am so excited. hahahaha. 
There's no rest for the wicked...miss home but not too much lol...hard work pays off 
is at home chilllin about to roll on to sleep! feelin so fresh and clean plus cool!   ahhh! ^^
just got home! fuck russel brands like to tweat-whore.  how are you JESSM?
@drmanitoba thank you so much for hosting the party! it was great  and @DcalDcal thanks for the ride home!
on my way home from jenn and jons . trenton is just to cute 
had fun with the girls drinking margaritas and now sitting at home watching glory road 
I am on my way home from work tweeps 
first solo trip to disney was fun  now home, cleaned up, all packed, alarms set, and ready to relax
@jennifergould pop champaign whoa!!  (That's when you get home!) 
@Kryslynn7785 hell yeah u got the home town lovin going on...that concert will be crazy....take some video 
My love is finally home.. Now I can fall asleep 
Just got home. Taking with my sweetie while playing  hehe i miss you sweetie
my cousin went to visit me at home. as usual she shopped from my closet... but it's ok  coz i love her 
just got home. bought two col shirts at analogsoul. 
ok... home... after running around doing chores... whilst freaking out about cutting presentation down 
@hayleymorrey I'll get you a doughnut on the way home if you want. If you're nice to me 
came home to revise/get out of doing games 
'got already ticket going home this december. 
i was right, danny went home. wish him all the best tho! 
http://twitpic.com/55cqn On way back home now and sky looking much better, big patches of blue 
@tricksta94 dont care besides had fun here @ home doin drama assignment - seriously chill and do sumthin positive and google phelp twins! 
is missing my baby. i cant wait for him to come home 
good begining  I sit at home, because I've got cold 
is up. going to pick my love up from work....then headed home later today. can't wait to see my mommy &amp; sister. 
http://twitpic.com/5c3lk - YES! i learned how to post a twitpic. NEVER do i look like this outside of home 
On my way home  I love lake houses now 
@MaskOfTruthJust got home, drinking hot chocolate  u?
just getting home from a play at church. Also spent some time with my family. 
aint nothin like free food, it tastes better. now im full &amp; happy on my way home. 
home from work at eating bagels with my hubby 
Fantastic evening at home with chris, altho miguel came home briefly w/his o &amp; we look a hot mess! Oops 
@usmcwife8999 oh that's good! at least they are in ur home and not out running roads getting in trouble 
just got home. passed a skate park on the way back. daaamn. 
my day: skate to the ghetto, get a friend. skate home, get him a board, skate to friends home , not home, go to averill park, eat crap 
jus got home from skatin in smithfield now im tired but it was fun ! 
Here at home playing phase 10 with my mom 
@cal44  heh. I am going back home after this and sleep. 
@jasabout Haahaa, if i actually start to sweat bacon fat, I'd probably have dogs from the entire neighborhood follow me home 
Just got home, and am going to bake a cake 
On the way amyrah zandra home 
@ShawnORourke damn bro! I'm already at home! done my shift already you'll have to catch me on the next one dude! 
My best friend is coming home! cant wait 
Going home to drunk roy 
Just got home 4rm visiting someone special 
home from work - gourmet burger in hand  awesome
The concert was great it was like swimming with sweaty bodies haha sweet  home now and no black eyes
@lawreca hmm...not really. I mean I used to perform at a bunch of places. But I just mainly practice at home! 
@90_angel haha coolness...well welcome home 
@jiggleaud aww but at least he's in a good home with a mum who lives him  that goes a long way
@Zeroblade I ever had a cramp like that too, but there was nobody home when I screamed 
@chrishasboobs glad ur home safe 
At home on sunday  the best feeling!!!
@KurtisBlow1  wanted to say thanx for the prayers they worked, my son is home tonight  !!!
@mahmoudtaji Thanks. I'm not at home atm, but I will most definately be having a look through your site 
@_emmyhall_ lol but the song was quite catchy and i was singing it on the way home  :L
is at home chilling /w fam 
home againkickin back with a bottle jack 
OL!  wooh! just got back home.. so exhausted..
@jemillahayne hey!just got home  did i miss anything?? ;)
@leftyjes u will get more done at home...see quack and touch base after. We have stuff to do after my nanna nap 
up.. airport.. donuts.. home.. update.. sleep..  
just got home from watching angels &amp; demons and eating bakkutteh with bf! purrfeecttttttt 
My family went somewhere down town and I'm home alone and it is very peaceful listening to the birds and not hearing a tv and shouting 
home. listening to music &amp; getting ready. getting picked up at 12 &amp; going to the ninth avenue festival in new york with michelle! 
On my way home  I need to go to shoppers.  lol aha
tenative plan: pack, shower, nap, home 
@notmonica I sent @erinnlewis &amp; @limegreenvw111 home with something for you. 
heading home to work on the *secret* project 
Just sittin' here @ home doing nothing...fun!!! 
Doing some chores around the house to have it sparkly clean when my love gets home 
@KayCoatessss i didnt i have been at home all wekend lol  hit me bac
just got home from the church! tiiiiired! danngg. im starving. lol 
just got home from church. daanngg. im starvinggg! lol 
is on her way back home...pray for a safe return my twitter friends.. 
about to get off of the train...stop have a drink and write a few songs....then heading home 
On my way back home 
bored. at home. with tyson. 
tiny is not coming home =( but at least sol yes!! 
@karmalaaa oh no, I knew I should have stayed home LOL 
has just realised what a great mother and cook i am. maybe i shld go into that profession....stay at home mummy!!! 
@TittieBaby  i need to visit ny..i miss home so much
home now  harry +.+ i think i could fall in love muahahah
chillin at home      
back home from girlfriend. finishing project documentation and reinstalling my broken notebook. maybe deploying cym l8er 
When my mum got home she made me a cheese sandwich and it was goood ...waiting for the two game 7s to start 
on my way home.. breaking out thw swimsuit and getting some sun I'm thinking 
@cathicks I have a bunch at home...and I ALWAYS forget em! 
hello earthquake, makes me feel like home 
Off work  i have to say, home depot is badass ;]
@watraci hope u got home safe! how was the bday? 
just got home from soccer. Mcdonalds is sooo good 
@rockingla yep...just got back home a little while ago. things keep getting better 
@andrewleeonline haha the concert was awesome  im already home
we were looking 4 anthr #haikuwordgame player. u were not here. paradise came late.  welcome home btw
bout to walk home with my love 
@DavidArchie cool. so you're home? thank goodness your safe. 
california is beautiful... peaceful sleep in my new home 
SWiSSKNiGHTS although we cover events and have the time of our lives on location. Here is new home studio.   http://twitpic.com/5f0km
home. chillax mode once again 
@Cangreja hahha yes, im going home..  whiii
although mate just got home from his job saving people's lives, so you know: not that proud. 
@Alannnnaaa lamahh you perve seriously!! all ready for our acting tomorrow?? AHH kill me.. i asked mum to let me stay home 
@pr3judice you can walk to work since your workplace is near from home. besides, look at it as a good exercise! 
@madilovesmerder omg i love that song to build a home. 
doing science homework. i should get it out of the way so i can come home after acro and relax  good plan mikki.
and home from sean and zoe's (and work) at last.. 
@StephenRinaldo i wish, its mesant to be a holiday home..not a lifestyle change need to make more money first 
is resting at home, because her dermatologist injected steroids into e area near e eyebrow there..hope it'll improve! 
@abhinavsircar what are u doin in office? thot u were supposed to be restin at home...take it easy buddy 
just got home... gawd, i missed him...  
blasted love story on the freeway on the way home  now watching desperate housewives
explored some really nice mtb trails in the woods next to my home... great to ride after work 
lol, i told ana i would twitter when i got home  .
not sleeping really sucks..off to class then coming home and taking the longest nap 
@teabot we all know @jasarien is really at home playing on his xbox 
@chris_ryall, when you learn a new song sometimes you just have to sing it!  I bet you can find it a home. 
@MiamiMel yup, I decided to come play  ...hurry home...someone misses u
@ThePaulDaniels so your glad to be coming home then ?   you have a safe journey mate
My sister came home at 4am again and disturbed my before-finals sleep. And yes, great minds do think alike. 
cooking dinner and waiting my hubby to come back home. my angel is asleep 
Gna leave anglo, go shopping then home to watch lots of the inbetweeners 
@elsiekins2 i left the library - i realised i hated it  so i went home, sorry :/
Wearing a paper clip ear ring  good home made jewelry
im back home 
On my way home!  Uppdates later! x
just woke up, felt good to sleep in  But i still gotta do my hw before my mom comes home or i'm dead/grounded =/
hong kong was great but its nice to be back home in beijing 
doing homework and chillin at home  super bored right now...so lonely. lol.
On robyns iphone. Going home from college in a min  #jordy26
Just got home, Just want to thank everyone for following me 
home from the east coast!  it truly is lovely    makes me want to move away asap and stop waiting.
Getting ready to come home...  #fb
@dagmaroon I know.  I almost danced my way out of my last class. oh the joys! now I'm stuck at home not knowing what to do &gt;.&lt;
just visited uncle dans. came home with 6 beers. not too bad 
Hey, what's up, guys? Just leaving the club and taking the party (sic) back home... 
K knocked out from all the excitement! I'm glad he is home. He racked up three rolls of film! I can't wait to develop them 
jus got home from vagabonddd funn nightt 
Going home after the 'day from hell' to get ready for the school ball. Which will probably turn to the 'night from hell' 
just gave my client a quick tour of his new computer.  Now heading home!
Weekend plans?.... I am hoping to do a little redecorating,  lots of cleaning at home &amp; cooking some breakfast food. 
on my way to alton towers. excited. wish i hadnt come home last night, soo happy  and for the record, you fell asleep!
has a wonderful hubby who's working from home to help look after the little one  huzzah
@fierceviolet yup. awake. heading home from work.... 
Guess who's home 
@sarchan yah, myra asked me to tapau. so i'lm going to check with immigration if i can bring beer home. 
kenny, home, now 
@gfalcone601 My mum's out visiting from home (verrry hot country), she's brought the weather with her  (and presents) have a good daaay xx
@denayce well at least you made it home ok 
home from work. my back hurts now its time to go find dinner 
is glad you got home safely.  you are a rockstar.
yup @algonquirnt  @mskathy the trip home update was all kinds of gorgeous. 
up at 4 a.m. to get joey off to the airport for his return trip home and now can't get back to sleep. what a suck way to end a vacation  
@semanticwill yup  It would be better if @daniellebaty were home, but she's still working
@uppington  Thanks! I feel I've come home after a long sea journey.
i just noticed im the only one home  im going to be rebelious and eat upstairs haha
@kalsing still it didn't may be it's bcoz i'm in office network will try it when i'm back home n let u know 
@THICKDECADENCE nope...chilling at home! 
changed my shirt. on my way home now 
@_santi  when he gets his butt home...tell him to make both of  us eggs....just the whites for me 
is at home, trying to figure out how to use twitter 
On the way to new orleans! I love going back home 
at home  thank god.
just got home to find a pair of new shoes at the foot of my bed ... life its good 
oh i'm home 
family, coffee, mom's food, dogs, birds, grass, no cars/horns/trains. I love home 
@MirrorTiffanyJ I'm on the way home to you boo! Lol. 
Going to cleve to visit my fam! i love being home 
waiting for pizza - dominos home delivery - 30 minutes or free  - lets see
Sitting at home reading the comics and waiting for my sisters to decide to come downstairs. 
Going home, see you later 
@MamaSeal fideoooo! that's it! where's my mom? she needs to make a home-cooked mex dish for me! 
@drozanc @wm_hofrichter anyy weekends u guys go home let me kno, cuzz im coming with  kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkbye.
@Clostar14 he's good  still heard nothing, I rang home and they haven't called my housephone eitherr
with my lover just got home from a wet cubs game 
@petewentz How's the home life going? I'm glad your getting a break to hang out with your family. 
home sweet homeeee with my besties 
my sissy's home! 
@trillprincess lol oh ok.. im at home  felt like being home for a change lol
@kelly_whitton  I wish I was a handy man. All my home projects generally end up as a huge fail.
Damna damn, just got home, nice suite they got 
@ashlieh I love the feelin of just getting home. 
walked home with judy and antonia!! 
I'm home tweeps. What's up? 
goodbye home. i'll miss you  i'll come back on sunday though. yay! haha
Almost there!!   On last break. Then home!    Legs hurt lol ...
Sitting at home with my tshirt and my pantys on waiting for someone to come back 
Just got back home from @chelsey_taylor's house!  i love her with the most whole heart  &lt;3
its bout 2 eat not @ home 
@godskiwi   nice, new computer and new phone, all necessities for home and on the go ! good work ! ! 
just got home...goin to sleepies 
home sweet home &lt;3 good night. getting up early to watch my baby cousin 
this is for you @mizrik  lol i look more of a mess comfortable in a t shirt at home
just watching new flicks in our home theater..talk to y'all soon.. 
just home from pop's concert, which went pretty well 
almost home time!!! luvs it 
chlling, and atd-i, gna chiill at home 2maro, maybe go to the taco trucks if i have money, then possibly go to a friends band practice 
Just got home from the symphony... *sooo beautiful* 
I'm gonna workout at home and catch up on my shows! 
@Urbanista Couldn't help noticing your tweet 'bout new home owner gifts, it's one of the things we do, very well  www.theuptowngiftbox.com
:: The perfect trifecta that ensures I always want to come home: a fabulous husband, an amazing kid, and my temperpedic mattress. 
@toughIQ sorry, there won't be any tweets from london. i will report when i am back home 
@boxcarwendy I am home and safe  miss you!
@liebermeister stop by on your way home and take some cookies with you - could be breakfast for the family  tomorrow  no kidding!
gymm was heaps gud! deb8ing now! then home 
having awesome dad-made snacks at home 
@BellHeartsYou its great when our humans get home...I dance around in big circles to show how happy I am when mine come thru the door 
woot I am now home 
at home. watching scrubs. and eating soup 
okay, if it is dull and damp I wish I was at home in the warm, if it is bright and sunny I wish I was at home in the warm 
@drummershuff Congrats dude  (on the getting home, I was really worried about your safety)
@frak heading home... Might get a friend over to shoot some pool and drink with me 
goin home. will be reflecting bout &quot;emptiness&quot; on my way home... will continue listening to the podacast later. the rain fits the mood. 
On the way home... 
is at home and happy to have talk to him over the phone a while ago. i loved it 
On way home blasting mcfly in the back of the car in the sun good times 
