Most common words for this cluster:
[('home', 1939), ('today', 441), ('day', 418), ('night', 231), ('tomorrow', 202), ('time', 157), ('weekend', 109), ('morning', 95), ('tonight', 93), ('hours', 77), ('week', 76), ('work', 74)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'home', 0.8113532662391663), (u'day', 0.6072008013725281), (u'night', 0.5742180943489075), (u'EAGLE_COLO', 0.5721655488014221), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.5555053353309631), (u'Superfast_WiFi', 0.5535889267921448), (u'Marfisi_canceled', 0.5526822805404663), (u'MCCLELLAN_Good', 0.5507010221481323), (u'MCCORMACK_Good', 0.5437484383583069), (u'until_midnight_Treter', 0.5370850563049316)]





home with the flu ahhh  suxz well and tired will go to sleep in about an hour or so Goodnites !
Waiting for my love to get home... and getting sad that there won't be hot cross buns after next week! 
I'm so damn tired today, actually I need to take a nap when I'm at home but there's no time 
does not know how he got home last night 
Three cheers for fiber to the home... now we only have to wait 8 years for it 
is at home today...not very well again 
Just got a call from the s2bx: my little one is sick and wants to stay home today. 
Having a 'working from home' day - got one of those lingering cold bugs that won't leave me alone 
is working from home but wishing it was 'home time' 
meeting @ 10 today, then possibly headed home to sleep off this terrible stomach ache 
going home today  such an awesome vacay!
despite a 14 hr sleep, i am already starting to fade this morning. i think i might have gotten sick on the flight home... 
Having a nurse come today to give me supplies for cemo at home  This cancer thing really just blows.
just got home, long day at the office again 
home from the gym. showered and fresh. going to catch up with #lost and #theoffice. what a fun filled friday night home alone. *sigh* 
just getting home not feeling so well!! hope I don't get sick and miss a nice weekend!!! 
just got home from working overtime.... 5:30am..... *yawwwwn* 
@Kateusface Aww, I lost mine at home or in the car.  I've been searching for it since three weeks ago, but I still couldn't find it.
back home from a longgg day! today = party time!  too bad i'm missing someone that's pretty darn special  &lt;3
is at home all day 
So pretty out.. We decide to head home and skip knott's for next year. The rides are too big for me 
Shutting the gallery down for the day -- body is doing things it shouldn't be. Not sure I can even walk the 2 blocks home. 
Another night without mum &amp; daday at home. and I'm feeling lonely 
relaxing at home after working all day 
Everyone is gone home - What a fun day!  Too quiet here now 
home studying on this beautiful night 
http://twitpic.com/3kzmu - Already time to come home 
Going home today  bye val, thanks for everything http://short.to/51zp
Packing heading home tomorrow 
just got home from a long night and im not even tired 
nose ring fell out  , worked all day, finally home,went in jacuzzi now time to rest!!! FINALLY!
homework takes the fun out of my life always  it seems i am always home on some weekend night due to it how pathetic
is drinking coffee. parents come home tonight 
Another boring night here home alone.... The number 1 is deff the loneliest number 
Wish she would have been down to drive me home in the morning  oh well.
just got home from work. i locked kadin out of his apartment last night so he had to sleep at mine. my eftpos card was inside as well 
i stayed home this morning cos i am feeling fough with this cold 
going to try and enjoy my last day of maternity leave home with my kids....it sucks so bad that I have to go back to work....I am sad  
going bk home 2day  wish i hadn't drank so much last night
looks like a wet ride home - all day 
hates when you go out, say c u later, and then end up not coming home til 11 the next morning &amp; didn't call/txt to tell me. i worry 
is sat at the station on my mammoth journey back home care of bloody weekend engineering works grrr 
had a great time visiting with friends last night.  Now up early to help mom shlep to art show then fly home   (on both counts)
I'm home! The child started screaming so there was no fun filled alcohol fuelled afternoon for the lala 
Going home today 
Last day of vacation  I could SO be a stay at home mom!
@ home, just took a long shower... shit it's laundry day 
Almost time to get on the road toward home.  
home sick  going to doctor tomorrow
back home today. I have parcels waiting but can only pick them up on the morrow 
In the days of being home I somehow lost my card again!! 
Not tweeeeeted much lately...at work at the moment...back to uni tomorrow  settled in at home so don't really wanna go back
is finally home again. what a fantastic week. i wanna do it again 
on the way home. nasty rainy day. 
just got up like an hour ago. now i have to do home work  can you say boring....
Just got home from church.  Wish it was warmer today, I really wanted to golf!!  
wow nobody is tweeting today. I'm the only one at home? 
is working at planet smoothie all day...wishing I was at home planting flowers 
@epochblue if you get a chance and aren't too tired, gimme a call when you get back home! sorry i missed you last week 
I did not want to get up this morning! I wish I could stay at home. It looks like another gorgeous day &amp; I'll be stuck in an office 
Looking forward to getting home tomorrow, I miss @canadaka 
I f'ed up our flight yesterday causing us to miss our flight today. Not to mention how much it's all costing to get home 
is ill at home  so not good, missing putting up my exhibition at college today because of it!!!
listening to pink floyd while drawing. i wish pete wasnt coming home late tonight 
Not feeling well. Staying home today 
1 kid staying home with pinkeye + 1 kid staying home because we can't go to coop preschool + a rainy day = a very long day for me.  
coming home from washington today 
looks like I won't be making it home today. 
Where on earth is the street sweeper?I need to hurry home to get 5 more minutes sleep 
My wifi wasn't working at home last night and this morning - hope it's working when I get home 
working from home because i'm sick today. 
wishes it was time to get train home. Today seems so long 
@uynnie36 i wish I could. too busy this year. i have several friends from home who will be there too.  I know the place like back of hand
I'm going home an hour early in an effort to stave off mystery illness. I don't get sick pay you see 
Wish i was at home in bed on this rainy day 
Wish i was at home with the hubby today. 
Ouch!  I think I just broke my toe.  At home today and the couch bit me 
I am home with a sick little man today 
@andreapatola and @DanaLedesma guys super sorry i couldn't go yesterday! if it's any consolation i was stuck at home 
my aunty from australia went home today 
Just got home...only to leave again tomorrow!! 
so the time back home is 3ish..and I'm feeling like the time at home has caught up to me 
Going to be so sad tommorow...just booked all the families flights back home.... I guess I will go back to being a workaholic once again. 
Should have never gone home for the weekend....talk about being homesick 
Were to do tomorrow afternoons work at home, boooo! i want to get all my books finished  crappy doodles.
learning all about some rather dull stuff for my assessments this week  ... but all signed off so working from home 
just got home from ballet... crappy day 
so tired/home. wish i could have stayed the night though!  stagecraft tomorrow 
Ugh, must be up in 4 1/2 hours to catch flight back home...I'm sure I'll be a chipper person tomorrow 
I love visiting my sister. I don't want to come home and go to work tomorrow 
616 and I just got home.... what a fuking shame!!! No partying tomorrow!!! 
what a lovely and sunny day!! but i am sitting home 
@danieleazar i'm stuck at home tonight 
no parents, car all to myself yet i'm home on this freezing saturday night!  lets do something!
home by myself all day 
Another night coming home from work in tears. What to do, what to do.... 
back home. still sleepy  off to work to make some money today!
At home thinking this might be a painting day 
is sitting here at home with yet another rainy day. 
Working from home today...ugh 
Our first night not sleeping @ home with the kids. 
what a long night. i got home at 5! reading native son and trying to get rid of my headache 
The house is now tidy ready for the family visit tomorrow, got to get to stanstead airport for 11:30 so no time to go riding 
at home with my son...another rainy day 
sitting at home on this rainy day 
work blows today, shoulda just stayed home and cleaned! and maybe made cookies. wish steven was oming home today 
got fucking rear-ended on the drive home tonight. 
stayed home all day  good night!
going home tomorrow 
realized nathan wasnt at church this arvo. wonders why and is excited for wildfire night. on the car, on the way home now 
snap, im going home today 
sitting at home the whole morning  but i'll go for a walk with my best friend and her dogs later 
@rowanmorrall i'm going home at some point today 
home from the mercedes college fete... my feet are killing cuase i have been standing on them all day 
Oh I'm home!! I got home around 3:40 but I had to get myself together. But I'm have a massive headache ugh  welpl night twitter bugs!!
really really wants to stay at the beach for just one more day!! So sad to be leaving for home today 
K too busy in the studio to come home today 
direct message me so i have something to do to keep me awake while driving home! only an hour left 
coming home today. 
My daughter's first night away from home was a raging success.  How depressing is THAT? 
weekend (seems like holiday) home almost comes to an end...  back to berlin in 3hrs...
 great my dad locked himself out of his car n its on... N we are 5 hours from home
just got home from the mall!! haha! but still sad... my grandma was just burried yesterday... 
is feeling down in the dumps today!!! Living back home is hard  I need my own flat!!!!
back home...exam in 10 days!! 
Is sooooo tired! didn't get home till 4 last night 
Going up to make dinner for work tonight....Most people don't like the rain....I LOVE IT!  I just wish I was staying home 
ughhhh no more! i want to stay home and play all day - libraries stink. 
@zarter i dont feel gooooodddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  you should have came home last night 
Stating home today won't save me from deadlines 
target run real quick then studying for the rest of the night  home on wednesday!
home from a craazy weekend 
bailed on my skateboard! pretty painful  + walking home 3 miles! not a good end to the night!
I probably will be staying home sick tomorrow  sadday
working live on the air until 10 tonight, then heading home and going to bed... not feeling well.. maybe a cold or flu.... 
is back home from a hectic day. Now in the man-cave doing homework 
Why doesn staying home alone all day make me depressed? I wish my baby was with me 
leaving the @georgiasouthern library after a disastrous trig test  going to get a pick me up &amp; head home for a sleepless night
On my way home, have to work tomorrow, sad 
hanging out at home with the dog.....getting ready for a long week at work  
On my way to work....another 12 hours away from home 
does not want to go to work tomorrow!  would much rather stay home with the boys!
@DonnieWahlberg I am at home preparing for my presentation tomorrow  so not having any fun...
@manyeels dude wtf this prov opening for hey monday at the knit. i wish you weren't going home for summer 
Just got home from spending an amazing day with the hubby...I have to be up in a few hours but I can't sleep 
sun was pretty mellow and now its back to work  but only a month till i can go back home yay!!
Staying at home today looking after my poorly baby  hopefully he will feel better soon!
Is at home, it's to cold to be outside today 
guard duty tonight! not going home 
is at home alone...and extremely bored and lonely...whoa! what a weekend! went too fast!..i miss my ladies already  x
home  I love week nights with my beautifull girfriend
e went out yesterday and I ended up getting really sick. came home and wet to bed. 
I am home sick today, i feel really sick 
sean is home. hopefully for a bit longer this time! be good to not hug my pillow at night 
Just hanging around home, will go shopping in a few minutes, and then start to work   
@herbonestrcture    that will be ideal for me. i want to stay at home all day and rest.
Supposed to be a day off for me, but instead home with two sick kidlets 
Heading home today 
I've been home alone for hours. I'm so bored. 
i know i said i wanted to spend more time w/my boys..didn't mean i want them home sick! 
Really hating that I'm not home in bed on this dreary, rainy day.  
well last night was a disaster. today is just a waste of my time. ugh i just wanna go home 
was hoping to be entertained 2day but is sat at home seriously bored....bad times 
heading home soon. that's 2 late nights in a row! wtf! 
do not wanna stay home tonight 
just got home from the river. beat and burnt. both. together. summers almost over... classes start monday morning 
I stayed home and watched movies all day, fuckkkkk 
Going home tomorrow 
i have been deliriously cheerful the past few days but now i'm home alone again and it's starting to wear off 
I been home all day have not showered finishing up 2 major projects for this class im taking 
@mismile My mom isn't home 'til tomorrow  I would love to snuggle with my mom today!!
I'm chilling at home sick on a party night. 
It's 1am and I'm sitting home doing nothing. I really should've went out tonight 
Home sweet home. I lost a lot of harvest today 
just woke up, i dont do mornings well. anyway off to the park at midday with some friends, then back home to prepare for school tomorrow 
@xingkit awww... you're away from home on mother's day? 
just got home from a very tough close... and a little discouraged  granted it's only my 2nd close on a busy saturday night, but still.
headin' for the airport in 4 hours....oh man I'm really gonna miss home! 
awww  I'll be going back to jakarta soon , and the day after tmrw.. bandung, home not so sweet home haha
wants to go back home now.  good night http://plurk.com/p/swegu
@tee_tuhm I'm so bummed I missed it! I went home for the weekend  I bet it was amazing!
ugh today will be a test of how much job-time i have left. betting i'm there an hour before they send us home - throttled call volume ftl 
Just woke up going to get somthing to eat the clean before mom gets home. No wow today 
Another sunny day that I should be at the beach for, but I have tons of home work still 
what a beautiful day and i stuck at home cleaning 
happy moms day. i was just told my breakfast was getting cold at home and they set my spot at the table.  shouldve gone home...
on the way home. my sunburn is worse today 
is going to have a productive day! but wishes she was home with her family 
sitting at home fixing to bath and go to bed gotta work tomorrow morning!!!!!!!!!!! 
wonderful weekend. i miss home 
I'm home alone today 
@Cabtion They had to go back home they were only here for the weekend 
staying home tonight, not feeling too hot 
I forgot my cell phone at home today, I felt so lost all day 
i still cant walk  meaning i have to stay home the whole day!
@AleyaJ http://twitpic.com/50syj - you went home tonight? 
What else to do on a rainy day beside staying home? I can't go on a bike ride with my cousins 
spending a day at home with the kittens..both are ill 
home for the summer   i miss my love already. . .
@BalHaze ... your not coming home  for the summer ?? 
Going home tomorrow, back to rain and back to work 
heading home so no internet again for the next couple of days. 
Is thinking of @tjutrostina and wishing she has a safe trip home.. I'm sorry I missed her last night 
@LuvableSole so i went today to pick up that lap top... my friend talked me out of it  i came home dissapointed
With no home in a couple of days  someone has a box where I can live?
boring all the time at home 
@toodamnninja I woke up not really hearing right today and on my way in i feel sick, so I went home, I wont be in 
home today with a sick kiddo. 
at home trying to study for her last two finals tomorrow 
The rain has started...wish I could stay home today. I love rainy days, but not when I have to work 
A big problem with my sciatic nerve push me to stay at home. No bike training today ... 
Just heading home after training night audit...my eyes feel dry and I have a slight headache  not bad for  first timer
last day at home.. insanely depressing 
He was supposed to come home 2day 
going home today *cries* I wanted to stay again 
@prettynay I'm home... I can't believe its raining...iheard its supposed to rain all week   you didn't do anything tonight?
All of my friends seem to be partying tonight and i am home 
eventful day! so proud of heidi! bored at home though 
home for the night, great day! missing someone.... a lot 
@courtneypraise  I started crying when I woke up this morning, just thinking about it. I knew it was over and you were headed home. 
aids walk morning. jet banquet afternoon. no concert  home now
I luuuuuv mornings like this one ;;) . last day home  .
it is a very hot day, trying to arrange a flight back to my home base 
had a good night wit my king wish I didn't have to come home alone 
i worked 10:30 - 2 today and now i'm home alone doing assignments 
@LuvsGigglin To me 70 is perfect. I was wanting to go to the beach tomorrow, but everyone is busy so im staying home 
came home tonight to an egged house 
just got left home alone in the middle of the night and doesn't very much appreciate it. 
Going home today 
@andyclemmensen was such a good weekend love, just getting home now. miss yesterday already  x
sunday already  but what a great weekend... what beats eating pho, contemplating modern art and walking 3 miles home at 4am??
I love my holiday  i will be back home in 7 hours though  &lt;3 video tomorrow http://yfrog.com/5axiij
is enjoying her last day at home 
I'm home... safe. I can't share my crazy morning with TwitterLand because my TwitterTexts are not showing up... 
Another beautiful morning at the beach! I really hate to leave,but headn home in a few hours! 
feel absolutely awful  spent last night in a car park. On the train home now. What a fantastic weekend !!!
@thatswhack74 i'm good, spending the day at home and relaxing. wbu? i miss being in love 
Spending the actual day of our anniversary driving home from the beach. 
time to leave psu...so sad   heading home today
A bit worried that the amount of work I have to do may make me want to actually stay home on my birthday tomorrow 
really doesnt want to come home tonight... 
well back to work it feels like I just got home  I heard it's going to be hot again business will prob be slow today 
at home...bored...rainy dreary depressing day.....need to figure out how to make more money so I can get a car!!!          
sick at home.. had a terrible migraine attack last night. now getting a little bit better..  messed up my weekend 
@larryfleckinger  And unloading in the few minutes it took me to get home.  Too bad it didn't last for very long!!  
so i'm not going home for the summer after all...pretty lame 
home. spending the day with my jungle babies before they leave. 
packing  headed home tonight at 10:30...
@katherinejonas OMG. You're moving?  This is so sad! That house was like my second home. All of our summer memories..man I'm going to cry.
Going to sit at home today ,and worry about my grandma 
This weekend stuck at home was a total waste.  No more hospital visits for me!     
{my little boy went home today} 
sitting at home - alone and a little bored. Not looking forward to the start of another week and more german classes 
@thejohnblog No, didn't you get my text?  We got home fine but he had to work this morning.  
wow! time seems to zoom by quickly this morn, almost lunchtime! but then again, i'm dreading the bus ride home this evening 
busy morning. i contemplated going home to bed every ten seconds. i pushed through every minute of the meeting. home now. sleeeep 
Flying home later today. 
I'm so tired. On my way home from emmy's house. I just remembered i still have to study for a test tomorrow! 
my brother is leaving tomorrow morning, I'm going to cry all the way home from the airport  (via @westsideloft) 
I'm on a bus again!  ohgod I remember why I don't like coming home at this time... cramped friend 
Ugh working from home is no fun bc the day never ends  still working ...
I'm taking a day home 'cause I'm still ill  the radio is keeping me with company though
We're going home today 
At home sick today 
is stuck at home today with a dodgy hip 
At home today, little un is ill, she has a cold and ear infection not to metion the throwing up inbetween  I hate it when she's not well.
working from home on my day off!!! 
I am staying at home today cos' I and ill...  ........At least I can tweet though!
Is pissed my husband is not working today he's playing hookie nit a fan of having him home during the week 
doesn't have cookies to sell today  she get home just too darned late
Working from home today as my trusty 190 or so horses have decided to go into engine management meltdown.. 
i dont know @aplusk but... i sure need a bunch of sleep here. wishing i could stay home today and just sleep... pray for me. 
at home today...sick as a dog 
enjoying some sunshine this morning.....my sister goes home today 
Staying home sick today. 
@innocentdrinks would love to have a go but can't get the link to work so will try tonight from home  - you're too popular perhaps!
@DonnieWahlberg thanks for driving home the fact that we missed out! We've spent all weekend disgusted and sad that we weren't there 
gotta work today...blah...baby is gone with the grandparents for a few day..our home is so quiet 
I'm getting ready to head home. The long weekend is nearly over 
@younork hoped to see you, cause I came at home 2 hours earlier 
@nwdreamers horay! florida! guess we will stay home for the 3 day weekend. 
finally.....heading home.  this week, I'll be stuck in the office  
Shoot! I forgot the granola bars that @alliemag made for me at home this morning 
@sharonsnest babysitters 4 days/week. dh home  1 day. I'm working 5.  But I'll be glad to be free of the getting everyone up, fed, dressed
At home ill today 
Feeling a wee bit zonked on painkillers...will be very glad to get home today 
Girlfriend is back home  now wait for weeks again till she's back (((
Heading home after what feels like the longest day of my life  I really duno how I am going to manage 7 weeks without flipping out?!?
@NurseSoccerMom I'm not even gonna b home till 10, 2 ballgames tonight 
looking forward to being in the office this afternoon   working from home is pretty lonely.  
48 hours until freedom. home? not so close 
@the_real_shinga   I know you were hoping to leave her at home this time...  *hugs*
I'm sick, and I stayed at home today too ... 
Going back home in 1 hour. I miss my tv series 
@laRYANNN i miss you already. come home. lonely night, no &quot;you! TONIGHT!&quot; for me... 
@laRYANNN i miss you already. come home. lonely night, no &quot;you! TONIGHT!&quot; for me... 
I hear you cassie my date cancelled home alone tonight 
bad day,.i wanna go home 
On my way home from work, just to work from home  case may go to the jury tomorrow
is working from home today and is not being very productive.  #fb
I can hear my bed screaming for me to come home and keep it company  Two more hours...
very sad because its stay-home friday. 
is staying home tonight.  http://plurk.com/p/vgh5s
another boring day at home 
Waiting for my train back home for summer 
i think after being home from holiday for 3 days, it's about time i unpack my suitcase 
@aussiecynic at home, still  what time is it there?
Hey hey long time no write I just got home been out it wasss great!!! I miss lean but it's just not the same  I'm out night
home alone on a friday night??  tis goin to be a stay-home weekend *sob*
home alone this weekend...roomies are leaving me 
SUMMERRRR =D text me today, i've still got the 6 and a half hour car ride home with my parents 
forgot my glasses at home today - not good - may as well left my phone at home... hope this doesnt spark a headache 
At home was sick 2 days ago  still have to rest a little.   
it's impossible to get permanent marker off your body. period. home for memorial day weekend! missed my friends 
at home and bored.. sleepy the entire day that i wasn't able to watch a movie with a friend.. tsk3.. 
Packing my bags.. got to leave for college tomorrow... n wondering why do these relaxing days of home stay have to end?? 
Headed back home today. 
is at home until noon and then it's off to the office for an afternoon of meetings. 
thinking of camping this bank holiday weekend even if its pouring down - to avoid looking at more brown patches on the ceiling at home 
is bored at home..watching hongkong serial today.. 
dropped Anders off at train station this morning. i'm back at home now for tea and toast and non stop working 
i don't feel well  with kyle and our dog enjoying another night home alone with him. yay.
home.... bored... should probably start studying for provincials.... nah.... 11 days to go... than provincials 
@just_kap it was my late night at work and I forgot my phone at home. I felt so naked. 
made home-made sopes from scratch today! now I'm too tired, and bloated to move  lol
wondering where i will rest my head 4 the night....i miss my home 
@shilenabug make sure you stay home and get some rest. I've had a lot of students coughing on me this week 
busy day tomorrow  not looking forward to the drive home
I am so glad that is done...now, I have to do the same in the rest of the house...and I almost forgot..finish what I left undone today. 
It`s friday and i am happy... hopefully there is no traffic jam when i drive home... there are so many tourists=terrorits... 
It was an amazin night! ! But my mom was yellin at me to get home 
@jose3030 aw man I head back home tomorrow 
going home, photo day was a fail 
&lt;3 wallflowers late at night. also, i realized that i really missed my room at home. and i'm going to really miss it come november 
took over an hour to get home 
home from school had the shitest day today 
@TicketChoice lunch was going home to rest...not well today 
Up early this morning, first to portmeirion then home 
has woken up feeling a little special...i dont thing drink the bar dry is on the cards. when i finally sober up its home time i think 
just woke up, its laura's last full day here  Last night we watched embarrassing home movies
@mimisaurusrex i know... I don't want to be left in our home by myself during the weekend... 
I'm looking forward to going home tomorrow, but I really wish it was for a different reason. 
is sitting at home wishing that i didnt have to work today. ask for it off and still have to work 
moving back home today. pro: obnoxiously closer to @thom1937 con: no more mpls runs/excursions for at least a year.  
at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you 
not feeling well at all today! ugh cant I just go home. 
@duncangela I tried sooooo hard to work from home today, but failed  Not my fault though.
just got home from a long day at asda. joy 
home, don't feel like going to work tomorrow 
I totally forgot my phone at home this morning 
Yay almost home i had to go walking today ..... 
I was going to visit my sister today, but she's grumpy.  I'll just chill at home with the family and visit her tomorrow.  
home from work today.....son is sick 
It appears I'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing... 
Heading home in the rain  no pool today...guess I will hit the treadmill instead.
Headed home, dad duty tonight. Might take the kids to the course again. Although my boys took me for $11 last night in a chipping contest 
today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick! ... stupid dead rats 
absolutely gutted that i'm not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun...! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!
@mitchelmusso I'm so sad I missed your calling time, I got home from practice too late 
My poor little 7mth old was taken to hospital yesterday. We are syringe feeding him at home because he doesn't want to drink. 
Its been a slow day at home, one of my kids is sick  .  This little picture cheered me up http://is.gd/JrLa
@BraveMaiden I don't get as much time here either. It's going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  It stinks.
10 yrs ago, on a night like this..id have been drinking with co workers, then went home got cleaned up and went clubbing.. 
@mileycyrus I know how you feel I was away from by home town for only a month and I missed it so much 
i'll go shopping tomorrow.. just for a while, cause i'll have to get home for the internet exams 
Just got home from shopping all day. my feet are killing me. 
Enjoying a quiet evening at home - packing 
Is having drinks with his friends for the last night at home. 
@selenagomez went to the house you were filming at today, too bad you weren't there.  have a safe trip!
@killingdance going home time. 
got home like 30 minutes ago! mannnn that movie went 'til after 12! it was soooo scary 
going to bed... lonng day tomorrow  bye bye home 
almost out of home made bread that i made..  will be a couple days before i can make some more..
what a fucked up night for me .. nothing went right at all, heading home  ...
It's my youngest's 19th birthday today, how did she get so grown up all of a sudden? and she's been talking a lot about leaving home too 
@jasonnolan #28 is my favourite too. i'm coming home from vacay tomorrow night! 6 hour flight... 
Short weekend.. On my way home.. But I don't feel like goin bak  ..
I'm sad...my cousins are on their way back home. Its been a fun month...back to reality. 
Ugh..going home between 530 and 6 and going to bed forever!...so I can come do another overnight tomorrow night 
Less then 24 hours til my flight home... I'm sad 
awww I think its too late to call her   hope she has a good night! home now!
has been up over 24 hours &amp; is no where near home... 
 packing up, time 2 go home, wish we could stay another wk!
spending the saturday night at home 
It's all very well to have a 'tidy up session' at home, but you can never find anything you want afterwards 
been waiting for baby for damn long miss her. thought she was coming at 6. at 6pm she says at home and leaving at 645 
gotta go get my mail from the post office, in this day and age they still don't deliver home 
is now home.     The past two days were just. like. amazing.
Being bored at home  nothing to do on this nice night
i just realize, in a few days i'll start college, goodbye home, see you every saturdays 
home from work  was quite looking forward to being home alone all weekend but I'm all lonely now my friends have gone 
Headed to orlando to sea world...sad we are coming home  tomorrow 
http://twitpic.com/699ro - 'ridin with my baby and its a brand new day...' We're headed home  boo to vacations ending 
just got home from dylans. have to clean all day. fun   ...... NOT 
is realxing at home and not looking forward to another week 
would love to stay home today. 
has a little one with a cough  We'll probably just stay home today and let him rest.
the house is quiet without that almost-2yr-old ruling my life. and like most silence, it sucks. niece went home today. ugh 
biked to yoga this morning, great  practice, got home b4 it starts to rain for the 14th straight day 
@DHughesy unfortunately I'm stuck at home this evening 
morning!  had to leave the house right away and wont be home till tomorrow    getting my haircut right now
@StephStricklen I haven't had an @whiffies pie yet either and my hubby @DaleChumbley was there last night and did not bring me home one. 
Sitting in my car in queens, in front of where my home used to be...the yard makes me sad, i miss the old days 
@demache i want to so bad!! I miss home  I'll be back soon though, and this time we're really getting breakfast!
I had so many things on tonight..but its just best if i just stay home n revize..  
I'm home.... Like the other weekend same as ussual... 
@aykayytay I wanna go home and sleep/do my night scrapbook  haha and maybe our apec project ughhh
bored now, want andy to come home. suffering from exertions this morning. 
Moving home today. Almost ready to hit the road 
@iamjersey I need a 'yes' though or I'll take the three hour trip home right now ='[ that really would suckkkk 
Home sweet home. Now the beach is a bit more than 10 minutes away 
Really misses her husband today and still got 7 more sleeps until he is home 
I rushed home from the gym so I could go to the farmer's market. I stayed for 5 minutes. 
Eating at my favorite mexican place then home for more cleaning and laundry. I'm boring today 
jst going to be at home and do nothing all day i feel sick and 
Going home from the barn...didn't ride today because boom got a big scrape above his eye 
belly full now im about to head home and go into hibernation before the game tonight! still tired from my  long day at work yesterday 
 I am about to have to go back to work. It's time to work my shift now... I wanna go home but I make extra $$.
home from a long day of baseball...out to the yard 
home alone this weekend 
iLackControl: I bought 6 SKORs from 7-11 on the way home last nitee (10pm)... I only have 2 left. 
Such a beautiful day and I'm stuck @ home  next week will be diff tho I'll make sure of it!!!
G0t home from work a few hours ago;; ry gets home in 6 hours ahh &amp; my phone is br0ke 
Money got stolen so instead of a really nice romantic day out we have to improvise with no food at home 
is hopin her car is safe 4 the night its in a bad neighbourhood..... :'( shudnt of drank n jst drove home 
Last class for today then I'm going home 
bout to call tyler then just hang out cause he has to go to work  ill be home in 2 days!!!!!!
I feel sad today    I miss having my dad around, he has been in a nursing home for 2 months, see him everyday, but just not the same
being home alone all day kinda blowsss, especially when i have to clean the house  lamesauce.
home from the beach 10th time being there since summer started and went bowling today I sucked haha i got third place 
wow I made no money today  time to pack up ad head home!!
just got home from the beach and sadly enough i left my celly there...i am out of contact with the outside for going on 13 hours 
Just got home.... and we have no electricity. Apparently its been out all day. 
I'm sad we're going home tomorrow  I'll have to come back out here before summer ends..
brought home 3 little kittens today,I couldn't leave them. They were in a cage in front of the store panting from the heat 
just got home from the partyyy funn day!! now going to bed dont really feel like myself!! 
i had an awesome time with todd at the zoo and at his house today. wishing i could spend all night with him. 
thee best friend comes home tomorrow, so we can say our goodbyes.  she going to japan while stay here in LAaaa pooopville.
back home ,,had great time miss you nedo 
in the hotel room uploading pictures...ugh...going home tomorrow 
Sitting at home really tired n have to close tonight 
Just got home, today was so much fun! And I rekkkk of smoke 
@VanillaLace29 no instead i stayed home sick ALL day.... 
soooo glad to get home. What a night... 
is 2.5 hours into the trip home w/ only 17 hours to go  p.s. @ brad, i found the grasshopper.
Just got home from hanging out with some of the guys Giants lost today  !
I'm about to bring my girlfriend home  I'll be back in about 2 hours twitter.....
@heenim I went back to the cafe I went to yesterday and all the other places I could think of at home but ... 
today, ive been bumming around at home. nothing interesting. its a bumming day, its cold and rainy. 
is trying to have fun but just feels awkward and crappy instead. thinking it's time to head home. 
@mohitmahajan really,..?!  Thts sad,..as actually i hate to be at home on this day, beleive it o not!
On my way home , I hate it when good days end 
has no food at home today because the maid is on off  spoilt brat alert!
@TheBellaShow damn that sucks  Just got home already in the bed...went out last night, so I'm chillin...
opening night for r &amp; j, but I'm home early and have to work tomorrow 
I cant go out. Its home time today 
go home in 5 days homesick 
Staying home the whole afternoon. 
another gorgeous day, spent at home revising. 
@Jantunstill it started to lose uummmph yesterday and by time got home it sounded like a lawn mower 
had a nice day in manly although he didn't find a new home yet 
@chocotry ouh god, i made pancakes one morning, i made like 8, but i cud only stomach 2! and no one is at home... 
just got home and is feeling lonesome. No chatting tonight. 
Getting packed for my flight home this morning. I miss seeing all my church peeps today. 
staying home from church when she doea not have a fever....  yet she cannot breathe, so.....  its almost been a week.
@cloverdash Still annoyed at stuff yesterday, and having to spend most of the day at the in-laws. I want to be at home 
flying back home in a few hours, im dreading it only because my ears can't stand the elevation 
@earthtoandrew i'm only home for tonight. i go away again in the morning. 
is NOT coming home,,, j/k... Last day of vaca 
moving day.  bye bye home of 9 years
@clairemasterson we thought about going to that midnight showing,but we came home instead 
@crazyjack24 i cant do my normal day shows because my stepdad lost his job and cant realyl do them while he is home 
Headed back home today...  but will be stoked to see my little puppy!! &lt;3
My skin hates me! I'm sunburned.  lakeee again today, then home.
is going home now. so just 3-4 hours in a boiling hot car = not gud  cyaz laters!!
I got home... But i am sick...  Ineed to rest whole day tomorrow!!!! zzz.z.zZzzZzZZz.z....
Headed home today 
At home spending the day listening to old love songs...im bored 
@sparkyourheels I cried a lot the last couple of days. I LOVE home, but jesus, it physically hurts to be away from scotland. 
just got home. terminator was awesome. i still want to watch night at the museum though 
staying home from church today....  
Wish my student accommodation had a pretty garden like back home...  It is a sin to be stuck indoors on a gorgeous day like this!
Ugh I don't want to fly home today 
@jenxstudios ahead of schedule! Doesn't that mean more time at home, or do you have a connecting flight to hang around for 
last day at home   moving to the apartment for the summer tomorrow
My baby done gone home, 5 hours away. 
Leaving Cal for about 2 &amp; a half months  ... Lets see how home goes!!
Walking home from work, i told my boss how hot it was today, she said why didn't you put the fan on? I thought it was a heater... 
home from church...lots I'd like to get done today..not sure if I'll get any of it done though 
dont feel good; hanging at home all day i guess. i miss blake. 
@at3k dude when you called me I was going home! I couldn't go that hard and be here alll day 
mmmmuuuussiiiiiccccc and flying home today! 
I want to stay home all day 
on my way home  the beach was absolutely perfect today!
I love being home alone all day. 
i feel sick...and i wish rojer could stay home today and not work. 
@mrsleftybrown I'm stuck at home too   I wanted to go this year so bad but it wasn't in the cards.
The last day at home 
i am sooo tired!! i went to church came home, and slept for like a million hours. finals tomorrow  i want summer to be here!!!!!!
@mtrh I scrubbed it top to bottom....and the cloakroom...and the kitchen!!! And now I have to go to work - home at 7am tomorrow!!  *sobs*
is sat at home thinking her update is gunna be another day because her computer keeps buggeing up 
@dramaticmisty My family had one back home without me today too!  
so apparently I'm not staying home tonight and I can't feel my finger 
trying to unpack all my gear back into my room at home. taking so long, and I have so much to edit/mix tonight 
I'm soooo hungry for a home cooked meal! I won't get one tonight. So I'll have to settle for take out.   what should I order???
lalalaaand, im upset, tomorrow school  haha i just like to styaed at home ill like the past week 
@ShawnKing well you could be doing home improvement chores like me all weekend 
@HellYeahHolcomb I miss you too!! But, I don't think I'm home on beach day  idk yet though. We take mucho pictures tomorrow!
@IluvJoelMadden i just hope i get to meet him one day; they have concerts at my home state but i never get a chance to go 
going home today! no more grand piano 
@hopeinhell Mines going to home alone today...his cough is terrible..I feel terrible leaving him .. 
@Jennicricket I'm going home tonight dearest! I have to wake up early for work 
Out tonight! Then early morning trip back home 
It's getting to be that time when I have to take my grandaughter back home... 
screw finals and major projects! I would so stay home if I didn't have a final and major project due.  And I can't miss a day! *mad*
@WesleyJonathan haha i used some vicadin last weekend; but sadly it was in the hospital so i couldnt take any home  sorry..lol
On my way home...and not happy about it whatsoever  probably the best weekend of my life!
home. tired. sick. not looking forward to tomorrow for the sheer fact that i will have to get up out of my cozy bed at some point. boo. 
@nyisles I was all set to meet you till little guys fell asleep. I needed to drop them and wifey home. There went my evening. 
@robyntastic I feel really awful - been running a fever all day. I think I have to stay home.  I'm sorry! I'm really sad to miss this.
Waiting for my husband to get home from the races.....it's been a long lonely day 
Ive been home for about 2 hours now, and i am so tired. I slept all the way home.... But i am still exhausted... I miss my group 2 
had a great time in bandung, now misses home  but still it was a blast! thanks to all who stayed and made it my best vacation ever!
About to board the plane back home. We land at 12:40 - I'm going to be sleepy tomorrow 
@KatMeyer I hate myself for not planning the days more carefully... It seemed like it would be so long but I blinked and I'm home ! 
Going home tomorrow.  but had a blast!!
sleep! i have a busy day of hanging flyers and making a million calls tomorrow. keep your fingers crossed we find his home! 
got home from a nice weekend, now i'm in reality 
Finally, i am back and started work today.... But i had left my wallet and $$ at home... what a day... 
@JoelyRighteous @ellyhart - i would pick smelly seats and public transport home over still being at my desk for the next hour. 
waiting for sissy to come home and make me dinner. I don't want to go back to wollongong tomorrow. 
I am so bored. being home all day stinksn especially when there is hardly any good shows on! 
is not feeling well today and staying home... I guess we can't feel great all the time 
augh! one hour more before going home... 
It's 05:30, off to the hospital, be home by 7pm.  This is my short day 
is glad eliza is home and safe, but bummed cos i cant see her for a week 
Staying home today... sick  I better be all better by this weekend!
is about to fly back home tomorrow... How I survive 13 hr flight, hate it already 
staying home this morning with soren, he's still sick  then working half a day cause we're crazy busy!
totally going to rain again today and I have to go to the coldplay concert  another ride home with out pants I believe
ugh I came home crying. first time ever. I hate this 
At home..took the day off so I can relax..not feeling too good 
heard a song today while on my way home, it somehow made me smile...hayyy..i miss the song like crazy 
Almost time to leave!  But I'm not going home... 
doesn't want to go to work, i want to stay home and play halo 3 all day 
who has some time to go swimming I but nobodys at home  =(  =(
Going back home tomorrow... 
Is working a late one tonight  won't b home till half 7/8 
At home sick today 
just got home from friends house! we stayed up all night. Now i am soooooooooooo tired! 
last full day at home. 
allergies kinda botherin me today.. wishin i was back home in my bed relaxing 
just got home from my brothers house found out that the pool was closed for today  but will be going swimming tomorrow hopefully
stuck at home without a car today 
I don't feel good today  I should have stayed home...
 going home. We all knew I would have to go home some time 
staying home today. my poor baby  i just want him to be okay....
I've had such a bad day  but I'm away home early to enjoy the sunshine
on my way to work soon.    I would rather stay home all day!
home from toronto...long drive  relaxing the day away now.
Heading home from jamaica  sad day
It going home today 
is sittin at home sick today 
i-`m chillin home in a sunny day... hateing  my boyfriend...and his  stupid jealousy 
Has to work from home tonight. 
@neilbeynon I rode home and am sticky and sweaty. I haven't decided whether to run tonight or not. I'm really not good in the heat 
I am at home cleaning and it looks like it is going to take all day. 
@JackieOness i'll take pictures this week! I have no internet at home right now 
@amytuggle i won't be here for rsf either  heading home tomorrow
I burnt myself on the bus home today! The heater was on by my feet and 'cause it was dead warm anyway I didn't realise my leg was on it. 
is at home.. trying to get rid of this headache i have had since 2:00 yesterday.. boo 
@ghengis317 yeah. It's sucked here today too. I wanna go home now  LOL
just got home from work....pretty much stuck here 'til wednesday 
staying home today sick 
Another hour in the car before I even get home, this is so shitty 
Dragging my feet all day and being lazy, unfortunately did not result in the early trip home I had hoped for 
enjoying another night home alone....6 days and counting....why oh why wont mi phone ringgg    lol
@kimmenaster i heard you were home tonight 
finally got home from a day at the office -- and a migraine starts. 
just got home from work, via the pub. missed the last bus home so had to walk for an hour. it's too hot. 
@FightFairsd it's been so ugly here i got home on thursday nd haven't hit the beach yet 
maybe if i watch a movie the whole time i am home and alone i wont be sad    although nyc was fun durring the day!
 i came home and didnt have anyone to tell how my day was to
Really sad that I fell in love with a house today and there was an offer made by the time I got back home 
at home... day 4... feels like forever 
Going home after a long day 
home from babysitting!! off to bed...exam tomorrow! 
@DirtyRose17 I sure would have if I was not home by the time that message was read. 
back home from a very interesting weekend, now back to studying my life away 
@akpoff I feel your pain, I have AT&amp;T for internet at home and work and their network has been painfully slow since last week 
just got home. long day. sooooo much hw to do 
just got home about two hours ago. getting ready to eat dinner. miss my family already 
Wish it was home time today feels like it is going on forever  bring on home time.
argghh... this day off is stink !! i rather joking in school with my friends than just stay at home and do nothing 
just got back home, tomorrow will be a bad day  ugh
@kabraun where are you... I wanted to talk tonight andyou aren't home yet!  hurry I have to be at work @ 6:30 again
@nothingsir home today?? are you sick  ????
after not sleeping half the night due to my anxiety, i can't seem to keep my eyes open and i'm not at home 
on my way home. i hate homework, it ruins a perfectly good night 
home time now  damn light rain is making it hard to tweet while I walk   http://twitpic.com/6g8yl
I'm kinda bumbed that boyfran won't be coming home till tomorrow afternoon. 
@FreddyS87  good night! you home?
i feel like i i havent been on this in years. i was gone at the river&lt;3 home now, long day tomorrow 
@chellybooo 79 days?!? that's sooo long.... i wish it was next week, i'm not enjoying being at home at all 
Another sleepless night  contemplating some time at home in the country to relax and catch up on stuff.
@HappySinger I have home stuff I cannot get out of  ... week after next (16th) is looking good thus far 
Its a sad day .... my second home for the last 18mths is going  Part one of the portakabins has been remove and now loading on the lorry.
it's rainy season now, i hate rains because i can't stroll outside. lol just stayed at home all day so boring! 
Just got home after working on a critical down issue for 9 hours  so tired
Yay my man finally came home last night after working for 2 weeks straight! But now he's off to work again, who knows when he'll be home 
@misty I am stuck with house work today  2 are going fishing &amp; me &amp; C are staying at home....boooooorrrrring!!!
@ocifant Not sure? I'm in the process of leaving 3 as the signal strength has got worse in the last few months at home and work 
Never fails. 2 in the morning has terrible traffic. I want to get home 
i bought some orange juice at the co-op, but when i got home i noticed it went out of date yesterday  ... after i drank a little.. ew
I can't push myself today. I'm staying home 
Staying home sick today. 
been at home the whole day  so bored!
Off home now because this afternoon I will mainly be doing my monthly accounts 
ughhh i finals today ! sucks sooo bad ! i wish i could stay home again . 
Looks like another day at home, still sick. 
home from the gym. heading for a shower then to bed. work early in the morning   gah so much to do b4 fri!!
ugh. got to work today, and realized the desk key on my motorcycle keyring is broken. had to go back home to get a working key 
ah sunny morning would love to go for a walk on the beach but my wife is home sick  what to do?
Waiting for his laptop to arrive. It will probably be delivered tomorrow, when I'm not at home 
stayed at home today sick and tomorrroww to  hope i get better by thursday!!
goodbye home goodbye beach see you in 12 hours 
@BrownSugar1870 awww thanks! I am so home sick already  have a good day!
I can't believe he'll be back tomorrow. This will be the 1st time he comes home &amp; I won't be the first person to see him 
@imalexevans hey, atleast your bus showed up then. i had to walk home after my exam today  so hot and sunny though! don't get that often!
at home today, too sick. 
I left my lunch on the counter at home  Everything will go bad. It's going to be one of those days.
Walking the three miles home from school on a day like today? NOT the best idea I've ever had, I have the BIGGEST stupid blister 
Working from home, movers just dropped off the furniture and I get no lunch today 
last day at home. then back to the tundra tmrw 
@mlj1243 we just moved my sister down here. We are heading back home today  I saw you were home this weekend  I miss youuuuuuu
I am relaxing at home after a hectic day 
My energy level has experienced a dramatic decrease in the last week or so.  I'm so grateful I can work from home and nap if I need to.
waiting for my bro 2 come home- the week is so long 
another lonely day at home. 
I sure am ready to go to my second home, lack of sleep from last night kicking in 
http://twitpic.com/6hpu9 - staying home sick today 
it's national leave the office earlier day - i should have read my google home page sooner 
I leave early tomorrow morning for that long flight home.  I had such an awesome trip!!
is Finally home. Not having the best of days  http://plurk.com/p/y10lx
Just got home hanging out with my friends ...tomorrow is the last day aww 
home from work early. going to doctor in half hour to see if i has swine flu... 
I did not have a good bus ride home today 
@stusi lol, that's exactly what I do when no one is home, dance around and sing I was doing that this morning, but people are home now 
my time home is too short 
got hit in the eye by something cycling home last night and it's now swollen and sore 
my pleasant home working morning is being ruined by the builders taking down the scaffolding around the building. I'm getting a headache 
just got home from work, i'm tired, it's probably going to rain tomorrow so i won't see my daughter play softball 
home ill 2day 
Is working at home today 'cos the wife is a bit poorly 
is sick and confined to home today! 
I'm home from the #wafflehouse I go back in 7 short hours  to work 2nd shift!
doesn't have internet at home  i have to wait till next week for it to be turned back on
@CruciFire not one but all of the are gone - I am working from home they from office &amp; this will continue for quite soem time 
Staying home today - got too cold in the night and it was back to the pattern of nightmares/upset guts. 
 home and away (i've been home to watch this every day this week?)
I just woke up! I wanna stay home today! 
Heading home later today 
Just sitting at home. I in a test week 
no doubt was awesome last nite&lt;333 ugh now leavin in about an hour to come home 
@krepthin haha... I never knew there was an omelette day! And I forgot it at home 
been awhile since i tweeted- at home in rockwall. looks like i got a job a few days ago-whoop! and i'll be moving 
on way home from hsptl, doctors gave me tablets that i need to take for 2 months! 
heading home for lunch to prepare for my nuked afternoon 
On my way home and it is raining  bye bye sunny days
Not feeling so hot...heading home earlier today 
resting at home then work but only 2 hrs..ahh tomorrow woking 7 hrs tho 
home sweet home, still not sleeping, used to having talks with the girls at this hour 
relaxing at home on my night off... gotta work through the whole weekend 
@ivfdiary I know, they'll be going home tomorrow I think.  dad and aunt get swine flu results this morn.
@davenavarro6767 I'd take 'em if there were only a way for me to get home from there!  No buses past 9pm 
At home with a sick baby today. 
This is the third day that I'm  home I'm really sick  I have to sing in the recording studio on monday so I have to get better 
I was going to head home and watch game 1 of the #NBAfinals (recorded last night), but I've just had the result spoiled. 
15 mins and then home!!!! happy days!!! Why did the ex have to text.... hate feeling like this! 
had a bad day. plus got home and pete is damaged and acting a bit poorly 
What to do tonight! I'm tired from today, one client left, then what to do?!.....oh and ben ain't home! 
I might be going home tomorow no promisis 
@tujamo  have fun... and rock for me... i have to stay at home.. has to work tomorrow 
@SnowConeGuy free eskimosnow?! Too bad I moved home for the summer! 
Hanging out at home...have the house to myself all weekend  what to do???
dear @sheenabeaston and @anthonyc i couldn't bear to wander the streets for three more hours. I'm sorry! I'm omw back home  next week  ...
So, we have to buy a new car.  We knew it would happen someday soon(ish), and today's the day: the mechanic won't let us drive ours home!
@TheDaniater I'm pissed at my mom too  one day when we are old enough, we will get revenge by putting them in an old age home! mwahahaha
home ( : .. going to mom's .. then I still don't know what to do this weekend  ..
bored. home alone with the kid on friday night 
history final was easy, just walked home form friends house in rain. Now i have to watch sister all night 
home sickkkk from work today, paint fumes gave me the worlds worst headache and it won't leave me alone 
off to work  not doing anything tonight..i'm so tired i'm coming right back home and going to bed.
Home from rehearsal, now going to take my son out to dinner before he leaves for the summer tomorrow  I will miss him!!!
One more weekend...Once again my bf is drunk...  but this time i didn't let him come home.i hope i did it right.
@oharris69 man, I'm jealous about twice-yearly visits. Been over 2 1/2 years since I've been back home/seen the fam. 
It was nice skateboarding with friends at home today....landed two kick flips!.....no one saw them 
home internet is acting up this weekend, so online on BBerry instead - won't be able to post my #followfridays until it's back up 
home, the storm out here is crazy... lets see if we can still have a girls night out 
at home playing my guitar wanting brian to come over..but my bro isnt letting him 2day 
aHA. drove home today. What's everyone up to? @jordanelyse I would KILL for Chinese. @kenzie_rocks sorry bout luna 
Naples vacation coming to an end.  I leave out tomorrow morning for home.
soo full...plane for home leaves tomorrow 
i dont even think my dad's coming home this weekend. 
just got home. phones not working  time for bedddd.
so i feel like i completely wasted a day...i basically sat home doing nothing. 
Just home from darts, not a great night for scoring though 
@kmosol23  (sad face) - thought it was chicago's lucky day with you coming back home...
On a friday at home 
Going to bed soon...flying home to stl tomorrow 
Home sweet home... but, got a power outage 2day 
@tommcfly tell me about it your tweets have been helping me stay awake on a night shift  nearly home time now though xx
Right when I was about to go have fun, joy makes me come home because I have sat tomorrow 
at home for the weekend, not really sure what i wanna do... 
bed,flight home tomorrow  ugh.i love this place.don't takemee homee!
i am so creeped out. like, i see any more roaches i will probably go home tomorrow. i keep looking at the ceiling. 
@kootoyoo the last time would have been THIS year.  It's not me tho' -i'll just sometimes get home and find an extra s'thing in the pram 
is so mad she's home tonight bored   @DelonteWest13 love you baberz !
@simply_rothy having no moneys had me stay home on a friday night 
just finish and now going home, get a few hours of sleep and start all over again  lol but tomorrow this time the fun begins!!! 
got home at 3am.  it took two hours by public transit to get home because everything was fucked up 
@jaimejune26 idk what happened to us tonight. next time we'll take naps BEFORE so we dont get sleepy and go back home at 12  
reggaefest was sickkkk. studying all weekend.  @melgetsbuck coming home on monday... yeeee
the parentals are heading down in a few hours to take my comfy bed home. sadness to the extreme.  graduation is so unavoidable 
i just wanna stay at home all day 
@Rafas_tache i took it out yesterday but it wasnt in my bag when i got home 
saturday nights are so boring when your stuck at home 
where shall I go today?  i really don't feel like spending this beautiful sunny day at home ...
I'm too tired to drive home  making beads will have to wait another week
is at home taking the day off work because her house got broken into last night 
ever so slightly delicate this morning...plus baddy on my knee from slipping when walking home  i didnt even drink THAT much...honest! ;)
if you're graduating today, congratulations! i wish i could be there, but i'll be stuck at home, babysitting. 
frustrated because of the rain here...sitting home the whole day...how can you go jogging or so when the weathers like that 
Going home from the beach today. 
sitting in a bus which is taking me for a week away from home.. 
@OlorinLorien how was holiday?  @NicolaHerbert goes home tomorrow 
Is having a nice day revising for my exam on tuesday at home 
just got home from work. suffered all morning sunburn blisters killing me slowly but surely 
work at home  just finished. and. i. am. sleepy. good night!
formsem today was postponed. nothing to do at home. 
Totally forgot my car radio at home and had no time to go back for it. Such a quiet drive. 
so sad that I am shooting a wedding today instead of staying home to take care of my boy, he is in so much pain 
cleaning up, packing up the van, and heading home for a couple weeks. I won't be twittering a whole lot  sad face
@banjoist123 yeah I'm well, just stuck home all day working  how are you feeling today? Any better?
Finally able to have a morning at home  someone drank my tea though 
&quot;With a bird I share this lonely view' I don't feel so good these days! I miss myself when at home 
i'm not going back home to nashville today  ughhh , music city i miss you .
at home, nothing to do this weekend 
Just got home from aquatica. We had to leave because of weather  leaving tomorrow.
hit a deer last night on the way home from the drive-in. That's 2 claims in 3 months, neither of which were my fault. 
mmmmmmm...it's 12:46 and i just woke up. i didn't sleep at all last night  lucky for me, peter's coming home today
tomorrow i have to wait for my brother to get home from work to open my presents. he finishes at 5 
not too excited about going home in a few days 
Family headed home!  what a great time we had! Now, let the cleaning begin!
going home today 
so my sexual assault victim from last week didn't come in for her counseling today because someone broke into her home and beat her up 
just got home from one of my friends beach house =D I had a great time!  now its raining 
it's a nice day outside. too bad i'm at home sitting here 
it's such a beautiful day... and im stuck at home studying for finals  booo!
i have strep throat  i'm coming home tomorrow!
I guess no home theater today, 
was supposed to go to my cottage today but is staying home now 
@hautecoutureash I'm home now  I'm not comin back out. I'm sleep 2day away. But save me a piece of cake.
home, been in the gym. training tommorow  i have no time
it's raining,,ggrrr..storming right now  better to turn off this pc..b back home in 4 hours..have a wonderful day!! hugs &amp; kisses
@mamacoosah, if I wasn't so far away I'd pick you up in an instant  I don't want to be at home at all today :/
@beauknows Come home! We missed you last night. 
i just realized i can't leave my hamsters for a whole month in july at home 
At home. Finals this week 
@thegreatjustin and I are chillaxing and have a movie slumber party! my last full weekend home until mid-july 
At home from an awesome day of paintball. We were victorios! I come home to find a new cat here. I wonder why. . .  family,
this time last week we were leaving the venue &amp; going on our crazy jounrey back to the bus home. i miss ittt! 
On the train home x sad its over  had such a good night x x x
It's weekend. I get to work at home. 
home sweet home...shattered but had a great holiday! few days off now b4 bak 2 work 
Hanging out with J then back home to get packed and ready for basic. i'll be gone for five days 
This is one of the worse days ive had in a while. i just wanna go home and sleep. 
In my bed, drinking red bull, alone at home, with no where to go - there is the party, but I can't go there...  This weekend sucks!
@darthdilbert - I watched some of the ceremonies this morning - except when you know who was on.  A lot of grandpas didn't come home 
I just loooove spending my friday night at home 
home home home.. 11 months today that makes me smile.. i have a cut under my eye.. sad 
I miss everyone from state so much, and ive only been home 8 hours... 
I don't feel good  going home after work instead of to the boat because I need to be all better for tomorrow!
I am all most home. And am hoping my farm is still okay, I have not checked it all day. I is going to be sad if I lost some crops 
home all alone  what can i possibly do all by myself on this saturday night... man i wish i had more friends... i only have two! lol
My love, tylenol or sumfin...  6f... no home all day 
sort of watching iron man with my family. last night on the island  tampa tomorrow, then home monday.
Wishing i had my pillow from home  i hate night time in strange places
home  going to bed I'm exausted. I'll listen to some @joebrooksmusic and call it a night.
im officially at home for the night 
We lost  so coming home tomorrow
sick and at home  time to pop twilight in!
whew....   I had forgotten that when I'm home on vacation, I rarely check mail.  It's probably been out in the box a day or two 
I forgot the last time I was home  Now going home, finally. Yay!
Wow what a day. at home now....no fire pit tonight  but at least i got free food. wish my brother would pick up his phone.
my baby love &amp; are always enjoy the time we have 2gether but its going 2 be over tomorrow     i dont want to go bk home i love it out here
just got home. rufff. rufff, ruff night. 
I spent the day at a farm shooting...the parting words I got were ''when you get home, check for ticks.'' 
Last night in disney world.  loooong trip home tomorrow.
Its saturday night I'm home bored out of my mind 
whent to the hospital friday at home drugged up and so week i cant even walk  f my life
wonders what time will the whole family be home for this great lunch?  http://plurk.com/p/yzbkd
is heading home from an awesome day in cincinnati...missing it already 
does NOT want to sleep in the motor home tonight.. 
just boredddddd...i hv been home alllllll day 
Put my family on the plane for home today....now I'm sad.    
home safe. hoping my fishy lives through the night  i love her.
@thebruce0 I do not tweet on-the-go. I'm old-fashioned and stick to tweeting from home  But great day, no?
So there singing happy day and I now wanna go home to my leens should of at least brought her 
The meet was so much fun, as it is every year. On my way home 
Home sweet home from a full day of wedding stuff! I am so happy for my friends but so entirely tired. (feeling ill too  )
i miss my sis even tho i jus came home a day ago from visiting her i miss her so much  i hope to she her soon....ily
feels bored....through this weekend only at home because my mom don't allow me hang out  http://plurk.com/p/z0phc
@DJFAMEMISS awww man I wish I had seen this before I got home from work!! 
today a quieter day catching up at home, washing  ironing -( and some emails...
I have a lot to do today as computer is going into the shop tomorrow. Doesn't help that @osiesbest is going home either. 
is having a great weekend this city is so different to melbourne.. flying home tomorrow night 
I really want to go out today... I doin't care where... as long as I'm not stuck at home 
home alone for the third night in a row  upside, a sweet dinner is in the making!
is awake. Early airport call...guests are flying home today 
@zigdon That would have been nice this week, yes, but some of us had to get home. 
Just getting home, last pool party tomorrow for gay days 2009 
Ah his sky dive got cancelled  now another 3 hour drive home.
what a rainy sunday  the perfect day to joining the european election today. after that staying at home and watch some live-dvd's
mum and dad home tomorrow cleaning to do 
is flying home today.... 
Boyfriend going home in two hours. 
wasting my time just at home 
@konkonkon you not coming home today? 
Up early on my way to the airport  time 2 go home I'm sad
No kiddies at home! tonight! 
@clairespenco ok so i have to catch the bus home tommorow afternoon for some reason so it means i wont be able to see you! sorry  love you
I'm stoked my hubby is coming home today! I was unable to go camiping with them. 
@IvanaE  i'm not at home till friday.. have fun.
soooooo bored there's noonw here, everyone's gone home for summer 
is going home today 
No internet at home for next 3-4 days 
im stuck at home today, all day - quite depressed as i have no money to buy clothes or makeup or even go anywhere 
Is going home in an hour and half  !
made me a nice little arrabiata ... with conchiglie ! ... last 3 weeks at home now .... waaaaa 
The anticipation of home was killing me until I saw that I can expect temperatures in the 50s all week long 
I remember what i dreamed last night.I went to a mall,and I didnt have money to come home. I dont like the dream 
@BIGGC_ I know!!!! They must hate them being home enjoying time with their families 
i am up north in south shields haging out with my family having a great time but have to go back home on saturday 
oMG! my head throat &amp; chest is killing me. HowTF did I get this sick in a matter of hours. think I'm stayn home 2day 
 everyone from home is going to the beach today &amp; I'm stuck in philly
gahh! last night was aight at necros.. slept over at maceys, now im at home getting ready for church. cant hang out today 
another beautiful day wasted stuck at home, damnit! 
i am home today, NOT in buffalo... what shall i do. not feeling so hot 
One of the puppies found a home a couple days ago, he's gone now 
Today i tried to study at home. I failed 
@tommcfly you really don't want to be back at home atm it is raining , has been all day 
Thinking about watching some baseball today.  I left my running shoes at home  
no car and moving home 3 weeks today! 
do I really have to go back home today? 
at home....just relaxing. Not feeling to great today 
i want sunday dinner from back home 
Is still not feeling too hot  will probably spend all day @ home  doing 2 webinars and reading!
my sister comes home today 
Coming home from harrison today. I'll miss the hot springs 
technology is not my friend this week. the hard drive on the newly installed comp @ church crashed &amp; my wireless router @ home has died. 
just got up....coming home today 
Hubbys not home, eating on my own tonight! 
My little sister is going home today 
No home cooked meal today 
@winafred_jen welcome home! i think you missed summer 
Still out and about haha just left the pool!! heading home now 2 study the rest of the night!! 2 more weeks of anatomy 
@RealHatter so I'll probably miss you during the days unless i stay home for any reason. 
Is bored on a sunday night at home  x
Heading home  what a great weekend with amazing girls!
my day started out so well... and went downhill so fast when I got home. 
I don't think i'm going  home today.. 
@sungangs i am home all day today; my mom is suuuuuuuuper sick so i gotta stick around to take care of her 
just kidding - mom*s not coming home today  ...
Wow this the longest time I've spent at home since being back. I have nothing to do today... 
about to go for a walk/jog such a pretty day outside, enjoy my time home while I can ((tear)) 
allergies are not fun. doing sub plans for tomorrow so I can stay home with my sick little man.. 
 Looks like we'll be getting home around midnight.
Heading back home! This weekend wasn't long enough 
our exchange student went home today - I miss him already. 
Wish I was doing something else rather then sitting at home...its such a beautiful day.. 
@Triphoppin: Grats on the shirt!  I left my phone at home all day... 
husband leaving home for the week 
whaaat a day !! at home, just me tonight with my cramp .. 
back from the lake. i'm SO tan! no internet connection at home and class starts tomorrow  the weekend was perfect though.
Just got home from eating tacos! . . Last day i went out with my babe. . 
soooo much happened today but i couldnt tweet about it cuz i left my phone at home  so sad..
Couldn't be happier that works done &amp; I'm on my wayb home  ugh! but I'll be back there tomorrow 
was just woken by the home phone. By the time I got to it the person hung up 
@NOLAnotes oops, forgot to bring your cookbook to the burl....will drop if off this week...was out, just completely forgot it at home 
it is not home time 
@nickwall0 It looks like I am stuck at home tonight 
Going home  time to study.
buying groceries for the week. So sad my fam will b home while I have to work tomorrow  should of taken the day off LOL
Driving home from a beautiful day 
home for the night, knee is killing me 
home bored. sucks the weekend is already over. 
@smestwan I'm coming home tomorrow night 
on my way home  great weekend with the fam
A wasp stung me on the ride home  I hate today
Comming home tomorrow 
Off-day is not that great when all I do is sit at home alone 
We eat out every night!! I want a nice home cooked meal 
heading back home today. 
i wish i could be with my girl at home! but i have to work today. 
Last night I had the most weird conversations ever with the girls. This has been great, now its time to clean and go back home-reality 
wishing i was going home for one of my best friends birthday this weekend 
@LShoecraft I should be making this change from home (it'll take like 5 minutes) but my internets are down 
At home today, ill 
Just got home, class tomorrow  good night
is poorly at home today  feeling pretty ill
@ljdavies68 we made it home in 3 hours including a lovely stop in the lake district on the way lol don't want to be in work today 
it's four in the morning and @ceoramershon and I are on our way home and my tail light is out 
way too awake for 9am!!! fun day ahead of me, then going home 
Last exam today!! Then I'm home free for a whole 36 hours. After that... back to work  
think i'm gonna stay at home all day long. It's so cloudy/rainy outside 
at home due to stomach ache  but I need to finish drawing today...
its going to rain tomorrow...gahh and ill be home late from tafe. its going to be all dark, wet and cold 
@snowtiger86 i have got to go and help with patsy in a min then off home then to work!  what a lovely day think not! you? xx
already falling out with my parents at home. been back less than a day.  someone get me out of here..
another boring day sat at home,looking for jobs that are not there 
its the toughest day since my last son left home empty nest now 
@simplicimente I said 20 minute away from going home one hour go.... You know what, I'm still at the office 
Staying home today because i'm so sick. 
@ericapelaez why were u sent home and what time? 
In search of coffee (made a pot this morning, left it at home). 
home with my 2 little ones whose allergies are bad and kept them up all night 
can't be bothered with the 40 minute bus journey home (N) 
horrible morning, woke up super sick &amp; in pain and not able to travel home  Praying the hospital isn't in my future
sick at home I havent been sick in almost a year I guess I was due for it.  
hiya all am in home today as i have the flu  so i get the day off skull 
@bartonbishop in search of yogurt.  took one out of the fridge this morning, left it at home. 
Going home in just under an hour. And I have homework 
@superficialgirl - I'm subbing for a colleague,and it is dead quiet here today.I might as well have stayed at home,in bed 
As soon as tonight is over the better. I miss home and him 
going home today 
I came back home from work. So tired today  4days interval influenced probably.
last full day in florida  but excited to get home and see my babee &lt;3
yay home. nap time til noon then projects and studying 
not feeling well  staying home today ...bored
Not working from home today. 
just got home from camping 2 hours ago. slept on dirt last night. 
I'm so nervous to drive back home today..i don't want to get lost again. 
Clouds are back.   But I'm looking forward to a fun day with my hubby at home!
thunder is back, no bouldering for me on the way home today 
back home after day camp was cancelled   stupid rain
In for a long day of laundry and finding a home for my cat 
wanted to go play some vball...can't anymore  gotta stay home all day again
left my cat out in sunshine this morning, is throwing it down here now and am not home until after nine, poor thing.... 
just back home, was a wet day today  but i got my phone fixed :-D x
...going home soon....been a very long day 
@jibson i always feel bad coming home at one and two in the morning. if i try to sneak in the back, the dog barks and wakes everyone up. 
i took becky home  i really do not want to go college tomorrow, but i guess i need to
monday morning+drinking over the weekend+major back pain=I need to take my ass home...NOW!!!!! I'M TIRED!!!! 
Such an amazing weekend.  Driving home today 
I chose a very bad day to leave my coat at home... Its hammersmithing it downe 
staying home today because I'm feeling pretty sick to my stomach. 
going home after work to pack  moving this weekend... anyone that wants to help is more than welcome lol
@mamanze I was going to see them about 3/4 years back but was back at home ill so missed them 
@kellytpj  blehhhhhhhh! i wanna go home. today no good.
home today. sad to leave the lake. 
@seiblue my train ticket is already booked to come home on the morning of the 10th 
I'm at home bored ..... very bored. no orioles game on tonight 
is gettin ready to head home...kind of bummed about the weekend!! 
At home sick today!! 
@maryc0urtney dudeeee Robos been calling me a cat cause that's exactly what I said! No girls day.. totally at home cramping and dying 
night at home with nothing left to read 
am soooooo bored sat at home with a broken finger 
home from the beach, but leaving on friday for the whole summer 
I hate driving home from class in rush hour traffic. 
About to head home after a long day at the clinic and hospital and hanging out with the big sister...soooooo tired 
talkin to the boy..hoping i dont have to stay home tomorrow night 
headed home for the day. just to write a damn essay... 
has finally got the laptop up and running again. Going to take advantage and wk from home tomorrow as am full of a v.nasty cold 
@lisxlovex haha, at least you're home now, i have a two and a half hour exam tomorrow 
I want to go back to bed and stay home today 
At home, sick today 
To make my day worse, I got home and was told my grandfather passed away this morning 
just dropped my lyndsie at the airport. now im home all by myself   i think she needs to come back tomorrow.
lol i love u to amanda and no we didnt go and dreas going home today 
so now i'm going on over 24 hours with no sleeep. wtf man, i'm so sick of this  i can't wait to get home and sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep&lt;3
Taking syd home  But we had the best time!
finally going home....i didn't have any luck today 
I just got home &amp; i lost a friend today 
had a good nite at work for once... made over budget! on the sad side.. hes been gone home for a month now 
@Roxystahl ohh no I came home last night at 11pm   sad day I missed you!
Home from work. We went &amp; had mexican food. I brought my leftovers home for lunch tomorrow &amp; dropped them on the floor! 
about to drive home with @lexoh.  8 more hours of happiness.  then    #squarespace
I got sent home today for beein an hour late!!  i was just mad they made me go all the way there, they culda called, lol.
I'm finally home! ... but only for a week 
glad i'm not flying home tomorrow. Seems like everyone's flight is cancelled or delayed. 
@urbanfortress I wanna go home and enjoy the snow day 
Just got home since I left my house at 9 this morning ugh my feet hurt 
On my way home. Last night with visiting family. How sad 
soo happy to b home. had kind of  a messed up day 
Staying at the office for lunch. It's really dark outside and it's probably going to be a flood when I'm going home in the afternoon 
I'm home watching some TV before bed. I really don't want to go to work tomorrow but since it's part of life I guess I have to. 
@koriannespeaks awww. I have my brothers mic tonight, so I can talk. But he is coming home tomorrow, so I can't use it. 
just got home..going to bed in l\a couple of minutes  class at 7:50 am tomorrrooww!
going home tomorrow 
@jessecashmoney ahh so old!! its really scary!! seriously the academy seems like yesterday!  but let me no if u come home! miss u!
is sick.. spending the day at home.. 
gearing up to brave the cold winters night on the tram back home. Yes public transport!! 
@stuti_ I am trying to rest but just cant sleep... :-/ and the best thing is i have 2 small mischievous cousins at my home today.. 
stayed home again today got the meanest headache.. i miss natz nd tayla 
ok i have a fever as well, so staying home today! 
@wowgrrl just tired and irritable and knowing I won't get home for 12 hours 
I am wide awake and home alone for two weeks 
morning at alex's house gotta drive home later today...  was lush to sleep in a real bed though!
just got home. listening to @heymonday.. i dont think it rained today 
ohhh as if the boys are now home  if only we could replay last night over and over again!
@ddlovato wow you must be exhausted ! You were awesome last night!!! I'm travelling back home today 
maybe today i'm @ home @ 6pm or something :-! don't like to think about it 
@sellabcd i stayed at home. what a boring day! 
I'm waiting for my ratties new home to be delivered and I have a feeling it won't be delivered today 
ohmigod.  i am so tired.  i cannot wait to come home and fall asleep in the sun.... at 415pm 
@mickeymaclean I left my bb home! All day without it, not sure how I will survive haha. It sucks 
packing up today and heading home from vacation with sister and family. It has been a wonderful 10 days and they will be missed! 
Staying home for 3 days this week got a brock trip and I cant go 
@cdavis620 I'm working all day, too  how was your trip home?
i think adele is going home this week  it saddens me.
At home today with a very sick little boy. 
sitting at home feeling poorly, its crazy, it is summer and i have the flu!! 
My dad fixed my tire yesterday but this morning it was flat again :o so i have to walk back home again, without my music 
it took me two hours to get home (and that's only 19 kms!)....bad for my knee...really bad! 
Not feeling well today...going to stay home 
staying at home today...just dropped brenna off at my moms. i need to sleep..don't feel good 
just reached home from the library. sigh! not going to hospital today 
@mtviveiros  feel better! are you staying home today?
home sick... not sure what's wrong with me   woke up freezing with a fever last night.
morning! Trying to get ready for camping trip this weekend. Would rather let rest of family go while I stay home and do nothing at all 
I left my headphones at home. Now I've to put up with the sound of skittering American bulldogs all day. 
@vasta The day I work up the nerve to leave the house without making my bed, I'll likely rush home at lunch to make it.  So silly.
@KristenDiCianni I have a pile of books to give you to help distract you next time I'm at home. I'm sorry about this weekend 
@rawkzee that's what I miss so much! cuban food  ill be home for 2 weeks end of july. I mustt see you!!
work time.. id much rather be at home with my man 
just home, knackered  prom after party tomorrow! v. excited!
last day at home tomorrow 
not feeling well  going home and taking a science final tomorrow that i was supposed 2 take 2day
@JFash My dad said I cant have people over today cause I have an exam tomorrow :l :@ So I'm stuck at home now doing nothing 
Friends dog gone home  How come I have put on 2 lbs while doing two walks a day?  Something not right there!
home sweet home. a lot of things to do today, god 
going home today 
Last night i tore open one of my moccosins.  shiiits weak! Just ate mcdonalds breakfest, now going home, then ptown?
at home sick today 
Just got home, headache, tired and cold  not so good end of the day.
home after two pretty rubbish days at uni. 
finishing off home work  5th year  hate it
I gave up on going home today  As soon as I thaught I was nearly done cleaning, I realised how far away from reality I was... x
this sucks. i'm stuck at home. i really need to study for tomorrow &amp; i still haven't gotten LVaTT 
wish i was at the beach today   instead im at home contemplating getting another job&amp; figuring out how i want the rest of this year to go.
@tommcfly Any chance of getting a hello? I've twisted my knee and am stuck at home all week in agony 
Today really is not my day. I'm tired, sleepy and so wanna be home right now... 
shower, movie night at puppy's with gwam and pooks. (: wuuuvs! come home from six flags 
With my otherhalf then going home to do make up work  j's sleeping over tonight...yayyy!
another boring day at home 
Just got my boys home. Now it's off again- this time to nana's. ugh. 
there was a robbery at my home today, lost a handycam 
going home.. I got a meeting in my home building tonight 
Right, off to bed now, hve to be in skool for 9  just like the old days lol Then home just before lunch for some more 'revision' = xbox x
checking out air fare home to ohio in the fall... debating if we can swing the price... miss home! 
I've been home sick all day 
Almost home, now have to back up all my data on my laptop as courier's picking it up sometime tomorrow. 
@ Bwfcon noo am home now  please wait. . .
Going home later than I wanted, but not as late as last night. On my way to the Y. W/ new car note, may have to take my workouts home. 
Just got up... staying home sick today.. 
at home in bed today       soooo boring, home alone and having withdrawal symptoms from not being in a suit and working
Going back home after a day with good friends, not looking forward to it 
went out last night....T&amp;G and magic.....was cool but i went home lonely as usual!! 
omw home after a long ass day..w/ 0% sleep... 
home from another typical day at the office. No email, no love. 
quality family time with the power out... everyone is finally home but only for a day 
at home, my baby comes back tomorrow. I've missed him 
Wish I could stay home today, perfect day for sleeping 
i went right into the bed after got home!!! so tired.... but still need to wake up @ 6pm to do tmro's project  
just got home.. like 5 hours early 
@mellalicious yeah, I've been home for a day now. I go back to work tomorrow  was lovely to meet the family, missed seeing ur new cut!
crazy # of meetings today!  trying to find the energy to drive home 
home from the gym, upset I lost my gold J ring, I didn't even have it for 2 weeks.....  so sad
just got home  from the long day at the beach with friend tired and hungry 
at home with the a headache and my ears hurt soo bad  .... busy day tomorrow
Just got home from work at 9:00 pm and there is sooo much more to do!  Crapola!
I still don't want school!  Nothing beats spending the day at home doing nothing!
just sitting at home not well today 
can I just stay at home today??? 
I'm taking some well deserved me time in my new home. (I'm also skint and heartbroken). 
joined in bike to work day. Now have to bike home again with tired legs 
back home. been interrogated for two hours. they did not give back my passport 
When you have had a tough day it is nice to come home to a familiar face... Only I don't know anyone here 
morning all - had an awful nightmare and now missing @samueljordan22 and wants him to come home 
Feeling sick, not go to work today ... at home ... alone.. 
Moving the end of week, sigh, means I'll be offline for a little while at home too 
m back home. feeling tired today. 
sitting at home just chilling back to work tomorrow 
I did just come home from a short day with the class at the beach. It was so fun, to bad that everybody did leave so early 
so tired  going to bed- long day tomorrow! school, rep netball then work leave home at 730 and wont be home till after 930pm
About to head home. It's supposed to thunderstorm, but be hot all week 
just got home from a long, cold and boring day on set....  
the weather is hot outside! and I stay at home studying  still 1 week then I'll be on holiday =D
just realised i left my sandwiches at home this morning 
first I had fever (not anymore) then it was a cold... today I woke up with pink eye...  does any of you have a home made remedy???
 i'll be leaving home tomorrow.
yay; it's sunny today!! i wanna do something fun but noo... math classes again and then just coming home.  but who knows; maybe i will. (:
Taking a walk. One hour from home and the sky just OPENS. 
I'm so sad...left my cell phone at home.  All day at work without it 
Is at home sick today ! 
just wasted the best part of an hour walking home to discover my keys were still on campus so coming all the way back up 
I miss the days when I looked forward to him getting home. 
Heding home. What a day. No good 
I really miss home today 
@woodyxrunner been sooo busy at work - been comging in early skipping lunch and home late i have run outa time to text 
Nothing like coming to work and getting punched in the face by lots of bad news.  I knew I should've stayed home this morning.  
On the bus home. Finally the day is over. Tons to do tomorrow though 
i hate days that i leave my phone at home.  
been ill all bloody day. Late in to work and now home early. 
@stinkerpants I am wondering the same thing! Now I have to wait until I'm home tonight 
i got completely soaked today, planned to buy some cards for my dad and had to go back home - what a weather 
#iremember getting 2 tickets on graduation day going home from the club 
So sad... they left me home alone again today  
why does the rain have to wait until it's just about time to walk home? 
@barnoah DPs left this morning  but they've already texted that almost home safely. No foot massage, thank you, too ticklish!!
I still have at least five hours  are you at home?
@amieewhitney hey! i\ve been w my freind all day, shes going home to sweden today  so i wanted to spend some time w her
still stuck at home with pneumonia  b back tommorow!!!!
I just want to be at home in bed, but that won't be possible for another few hours. 
now at home ... kids in bed ...what a short day 
At home sick today.  
my last day at home,  
home home home  i wish tomorrow was today then the next day was tomorrow too. cant wait till edinburgh! arrgh!
@4wide not sure why they waited so late in the day to put it up. Ah well, will try later tonight I guess. No 3.0 for the train ride home 
have stomach bug - will spend day at home so I don't share.. 
@LiliCosic I had to stop on the way home to buy cleaning supplies for her, she was not impressed with my collection this morning 
This day does not get any better does it? I've left my chapstik at home. 
@anna8687 I just got home but I have to go again in an hour 
I went to work but they sent me home after two hours 
I'm home sick today 
@origazgirl I haven't had a chance to read details, nothing but technical problems working from home today.  
going backk home tomorrow. 
Packing sucks! I'm about to go check out the new place i'll be staying at for 2months. I swear. I'm Always moving!! I have no home 
bored, at home.. exams tomorrow 
I'm so tired and dreading the drive home tomorrow. 
having an off day now that I'm home and having to speak with real people. socially somethings weird about today. 
Being home by myself at night is so lonely 
babysat all day, home with a migraine 
tomorrow i will go to my friend house i promised her i will , i have cold and wished i d stay all the day on bed but have to 
@villafup wow, can't believe I got home before you!! Sucks  u should take the train tomorrow.
groundeed all summer long... couldn't find anything more boring than staying home everyday! 
@grahamhills i can't d/l it  maybe i'll get it from my home computer instead in the evening...
so I haven't tweeted (or is it twittered?) in a few weeks. have been swamped at work and working at home evy night. 
Not looking forward to this hour plus drive home.   hopefully it'll be worth itm
at home... on to work tomorrow.. 
@josefloresjr. That's mean to even mess with me like that. I have had a long day &amp; have a 3 hour drive home left. &amp; I really wanted it. 
im sad and lonely. just found out hubby wont be home until next weekend 
@ambercrazyass I hate being home alone!  and I'm stuck in traffic at 9:52 at night, fml
missing my fiance  hope he gets back home earlier today
sittin at home.  summer school tomorrow.  grr. really missing him. 
@MechanicalBride respect for my mom! and i like coming home after a week for a clean room. my bus leaves at 9 and i have to get up at 7. 
last day of vacation  coming back home tomorrow, but looking forward to socal weather
home from work. wish i could go to shinny tomorrow morning but I have a non-functional truck 
enjoyed the beach and loved my day, back home now 
just got back from a crazy four wheeling adventure. last night in texas. heading home tomorrow.  text me.
@SheaStarrM1 just got home; good night?  uncrowded room you might have gotten that piece, me in my inebriated state
Updating my resume! Trying to rejoin the workforce, will certainly miss my little bundle. So used to being home with him every day 
@JameshasFish I'm moving home in the fall because I'm in debt 
hates that he has to take two trains to get home after a night out. 
just got home..very crazy day...i hate firing people, especially wheb they dont take it well 
resisting playing rock band on psp after i nagged josh about it this morning; he left it at home with me and i'm supposed to be writing. 
This lazy morning, I can't believe I'm stuck at home again having so much to study 
really dont want to go home, i have dreamt so bad today. i just can't go home, here is already my home. 
waiting for baby donkey to come home. only one day left before he off to spore 
I'm working from home today..... 
@impossiblecat yesterday - nice to come home to after long work day. All jewellery gone - electronics replacable - mums rings not 
missed twitter for 1 day.  supposed to be at home by 4:20. but instead i arrived at home by 5:00. haha.
flying back home today... 
@bridieanstee youd be devoed if you were missing greys tonight apparently its going to be the episode of the year :O..  come home.
looks like a stormy one today.  i worry about the puppy being home alone and scared. 
Heading back home today. 
Just got home man it was crazy last night   gone 8/15
has basically had a panic attack because i left the instructions that i need for my english essay at home so i cant finish it today! argh 
going home today 
erggh im at home for the 3rd time this week . this is getting ridiculous now. i just want to be better !!! 
Inching my way home from dropping parents off at the airport. They'll be gone for 9 days!! 
What a perfect day to stay home. I am literally schlepping off to work. 
is getting bored with working from home all the time 
my social quarantine is going sooo well - been home 1 night out of 4  who says I don't have discipline!
going to the orthodontist today ugh!!!   my baby comes home on saterday!!!! i can't wait!!!
I left the pod at home today  let's see if I can survive 9 hours, or if I go home at lunch.
i had tried to get offtoday with no luck so i could get some organizing done.  today is so icky that i doubly wish i could've stayed home 
breakfast was good.  back to bed for a while before the drive home.  
Rough start to the morning left my train card in my jacket at home  and I had no cash on me
Sitting home - smoking ciggs - coffee - work tonight 
playtime is over...the roommate gets home 2day...  
spending the last few hours on the lake then heading home 
haloo.. please understanding me.. i'm at home all day yesterday you know! 
Just got home from ANOTHER exam .. 4/6, almost there. Detist later on today ..  &amp; karate ..
Packing and getting ready to head home  one month until my birthday!
Going home today 
in tourism  going home in half an hour
holy crap I got home just in time, it just started pouring. 
The most beautiful day up here and we are headed home  
just broke the strap on her shoe &amp; is working at a property in carrollton today so she can't just run home to change shoes!  
heading home  yesterday was soo funn ;)
damn have to drag laptop home and do some work at home this evening 
just stay at home today and i get sick . hufh .. so bored 
@kday_slpa had babysitting I had to do :/ I had a kid I was babysitting at the shelter home yesterday. How sad 
just got home hurah!!! busy day, my feet hurt  now for the wine! 
My car got hit yesterday while parked outside my house.   #squarespace make my day a little better.
was hoping to go home earlier tonight... but all the 'birds' decided that maybe she should make the airport her home 
was hoping to go home earlier tonight... but all the 'birds' decided that maybe she should make the airport her home 
ohh just out of my bed, didn't get home until half nine this morning, it's not good 
going home now. would have wanted to go to the gym tomorrow, pero no time. 
shouldn't be awake at this time of the day but god i miss home 
ooohhh.. still at work.. a few more minutes and I'm going home... no nephew today 
its over, im off home tonight,  so sad for everyone to be gone and for this to be over,
i just want to chill at home but i have to work all day 
going back home today 
@StephenRawson nah, remember, Mondays I work from home  but otherwise, yeah, back to work next week 
@dontaaa: nooo! i'm going home that weekend to deal with some naturalization things with my family  how about thursday night or something?
good evening peeps, looks like I'm home alone again  
home from the beach and unfortunately going back to harrisonburg in an hour 
study'n for regents tomorrow. @oohitsmoi left home after almost 2 weeks of being  in my house   . #peterfacinelli
@owilkes ahhh im not sure might have to postpone til next weekend! im going home after work today  did u have fun last night
@bengrant hi i was listening to that this morning  &lt;3 instead of going home july 4th, come to nyc and see conor w me.
work-blah-home-dinner-alainas last night in the states  drinking wine and crying with her about it
NOT happy to be headed home today...stupid everything 
I would like to go home. But more like go to the home i had before last friday. 
@katelynvictoria i'm home bbygrl! hanging out tomorrow before you leave me all summer??? 
Feels good to be back home. Too bad I have a night class to go to soon  oh well, I'll be with @kaceemaree so it'll be good times.
Misserable driving back home! I am going to need a drink tonight  
hangin at home until tomorrow ... then driving 3 hours 
finally at home enjoying the air conditioning since i've been in the sun since 9:30 this morning...off to the next job at midnight 
At home trying to relax but with no air conditioning it sucks today, and missing my wifey who is at work 
So much for my vegetable broth. It was dumped out when i got home last night. I didn't even get to use it 
@jamesofctpmag man I had a bad day I'm very frustrated bout my ankle  but I'm off 2morow so it feels good 2 b home watching tv half nakey
@bocabella not so hot unfortunately and to top it off i got a flat tire today and came home to find that i forgot to pay some court fees 
is at home sick, might have to miss out on the footy tonight. .so dissapointed 
I'm home for the night. I be a bit bored 
home from work/team meeting, short night of relaxation 
hole hera, is it juneteenth already!? im staying home tomorrow  .
i feel like a nerd today.... haha i miss everyone at home... 
just got home from camp glad to sleep in my own bed but i miss all my new friends that i'll never see again  get to see my man in 1 month
homework sucks...  I miss matt... He still isn't home yet. I hate auction night!! and why do they always show grease on vh1???
Figures when I'm back home I start having bad days 
sittin at home lamenting her wasted afternoon! she did not leave the house at all today! 
I went home early today only because I need to start sleeping early  pointless.
Just came home from my late night hype with the second fam. I missed them 
i just got home from dinner... the last time rpda will all be together 
Off to china in the morning... I miss home already. 
@ricolover  im busy towing my car home for the mechanic tomorrow.  
home! had real trouble staying awake today. going to fix myself a sandwich before i worry about all the work i have to do this weekend 
nooo im going home 2day 
Mums off home today  
@iamjohnmartinez I've been home from tour for over a month and I've seen you once 
I always sleep better when I'm lying next to him... Why is that?? I am at home tonight and can't sleep....  
back home... now getting ready to go out with @kikuuu for the last day she is here 
ah im absolutely nackard today  watched transformers 2 at 12:05 last night and didnt get home till 3 and i woke up at 6 
is sick.. sore throat. staying home tonight 
Finally back home but no sleep and gotta start working today 
i hate 6am. i truthfully hate the hour as a whole.   home around 3?... &quot;stay thirsty my friends..&quot;..
i feel shit today, i wanna go home! 
@kirstieh Haha! I sneakily suggested twissup for last night cos I'm working from home 2day. Sadly, @eBeth's got to fend for herself 
since it was raining we went to home depot and purchased the materials to do the garage over inside.  No bile ride last night 
has a social studies exam today, then has to walk home!! 
generally getting home from work around 11:30 means that I'm not the one that has to get up with the dog at 6 in the morning. I was wrong 
On my way to the office, already want to go back home &amp; sleep.  Two soccer games this evening=no after work happy hour 
Wish I could work from home today; nothing will be going on here 
won't be back home this weekend 
No music to listen to when I head home tonight...      I'm sad tweople
@LexiMorello come home! I'm so excited for this week! I haven't packed anything yet though 
no plans yet today  i refuse to stay home bored on a friday night
Early early start today  soooo tired-- I'm goin home soon to take a looooonnnggg nap!!
It isn't bad today. But I wanna go to home 
3 1/2 hours done...4 1/2 more to go. I want to be at home, playing with my kids. 
On way home from edinbrugh uni open day seriously confuesed as to what course to do 
going home in a few hours 
home alone again on a fri night 
I was hoping I could stay home and work today, but looks like I have to make another trip into town 
On the train home after driving a van all day! I miss driving 
had a bad day, shouldnt have gone home 
ahhhh my squirrel almost ran away from me today  but hes home safe now
SCHOOLS OUT!! but on the way home i broke my tech ed worked-on-it-for-2-months project 
just started the 6 hour trek home... alone this time 
this time last week was driving to see the saturdays, now sitting at home 
@hunterheather @sjean70 hey! i showerrd tho!! im not that gross just havent been to my own home in 3 days 
will b home w sonia in a week 
last day at home for a minute. sadness. 
home from work...enjoying the nice weather....working on the weekend!! 
Home sweet home! 24 hours with my sweetheart, then SHE's gone for a week  I'll have to keep busy!
@Elabeth I am home now. Last night I was begging on the couch watching survivor and totally forgot about snb. 
today is sad... although I'm glad I'm going home but really sad. stupid socal sorry but I hate you... 
leaving tomorrow  can't wait to see my sister and everything but... i'll miss home, that's for sure.
Last weekend home, I officially never want to live with someone after college. I love my own space to much 
was going to evansville tonight, but had car trouble  so back home 
@serialseb sorry mate finished up not going towards soho  on way home. been a long week
bored at home, nothing to do this weekend but revision 
Enjoying the sunshine on the way home. It's predicted to rain all weekend. 
I wanna get outttttt ! I can't stand stating at home for 2 days straight ! 
@aalmario talk about it. i came home to an empty house the other day. so sad and lonely 
going home tomorrow 
TGIF.. but im staying home this weekend. haven't fully recovered yet 
stuck at home doing this stupid pe assignment. and to add to that, the sun didnt make an appearance today 
stupid rain is keeping ben at home till next weekend 
driving home by myself for the weekend.  and  all around.
I don't know how I'm getting home tonight. 
Sitting at home and needing to get some sleep long weekend of working 
Hey pplz just got home I feel sick  I'm in da studio all day tomm
10 pm...wish i was at home in bed 
just went shopping, very unsucessful  going home to clean the house more and then start drinkingggg..tonight is going to be messssssssy
is home sweet home for the night... 
So I am at home bored cause the rain ruined my plans!!!  When is summer coming?
just at home today 
@SocalGurl the worst part is that i bought some tonight, then saw the news report a few minutes after i got home. 
Finally goin to bed. tired as crap.game sucked. up tomorrow. then shower. then hopefully goin home. I miss you baby. 
soo.. tomorrow ill leave to my grandparents home! there's no computer so i wont be around here until sunday afternoon! 
Not coming home tonight. No warhammer for me 
...I Just got home....I have been gone for five days....though it seemed more like a month....I miss that comfy bed already 
@dizzyfeet who got sent home last night on sytycd? i missed the end 
sittting home alll night 
well, d&amp;d closes@11...on a norm night, i would get out by like 11:30-11:45......its 1:05 &amp; i just got home  i hate my job...
just got home, boring day, rather upsetting went to buy an arsenal tee and the stupid shop didnt have arsenal gear. ridiculous. 
Heading home now, work tomorrow 
well, d&amp;d closes@11...on a norm night, i would get out by like 11:30-11:45......its 1:05 &amp; i just got home  i .. http://tinyurl.com/nnhhhp
gah its been a busy day today, make it stop!  thank goodness its nearly home time! yayy
this is one of those night when you know severale hour will be spent sleeping it off in the car before heading home 
the movie was pretty good. time to crash. heading back home tomorrow 
@roseangst nooo... unfortunately I've been home sick, I called off today .. I've been lounging in my room in the ac ... 
@shanhood no i want someone to come home  because i miss him. but assignments and some audition tomorrow with olive?
will not make it out today.  What to do tonight whilst sitting at home. :S
We r goin home in the morning. 
@Wyldceltic1 I missed my shot regular time so I just got home. I didn't carry it with me today. 
Not looking forward to going home tonight...rough night and all I got waiting for me is a empty home 
just got home. feeling drained  thinking tonight will be me crashed on the couch with a movie.
HOLY hangover....don't know what time I got home last night...stupid happy hour 
@kttylttrdsco Haha on them!!! I walked past the shop an hour ago - nobody home... 
staying home tonight, too sick to go out! 
@TyCity home gettin ready to go out of town tomorrow for father's day. about to hit the bed. i have a long weekend ahead of me. 
staying home tonight! Too sick to go out! 
second night home in a row,  hates life
second night home alone in a row,  hates life
Laying on my bed..been waiting @hhendryksen for 5 hours  i think i stay home tonight
0245...driving home..still have about 3 hours to go. 
bored as at home. grounded for the night 
from hours ago- won netball by three closest game in a while- played terribly though..than one out for dinner- come home early to study 
packing almost complete. not much left for next week now. going to be very strange being back home 
packing up the bungalow and preparing for a day of travel back home with the magoo.  
home from car wash this morning...im knackered n bored and sooo lonely !! Not a good day 
awesome, it's the most beautiful saturday of the year and i'm stuck working and packing at home. 
Is going to the airport today, and then turning round and coming home  really wish I was flying somewhere exotic!!
heading down home today..another 20$ to take the bus 
At home on a saturday night working on an assignment...this will probably be me for the 3 months I think 
nearly fell asleep on the couch. todaaay has been a long day at home 
@antphilip packing and cleaning my house, moving back home tomorrow 
is going home tomorrow 
On my way home from disney   soccer camp next week...
Going home today 
I wish I was staying home and not going to work  ... I must try to have a good productive day.
@Melissica i know  ad its like i been at home all over the weekend since friday and i hate being indoors lol x
got home very drunk last morning. paying the price for that right now 
im cursing the bus i was on on the way home. didnt hear my bell apparentely so i had to walk 2 miles home after a long day at work 
waiting for mum to get home... she takes farrrrrkin days! and i lost my phone 
on my way home getting ready for an extremely long day. keep your fingers cross the phone doesn't die on me. 
on my way home and its pouring! not gonna be a good day 
bacck home.  .... drinkkkss tonight ?
Awww  my swiss friend left back home today ! 
i miss you  its still a long time, until you come home 
sitting at home, watching tv all day long 
Boring day at home. No money so can't go anywhere 
@billyroy24 @meglud I don't have my phone, I lost it last night. and my mom's not home so I cant 
So apparently @aadisht really is going to be away for most of the time I'm home. Not happy about this. 
ohmygosh NO trains are working today? i hate bus  not even half way home yet ! ah
back home now for the summer.... bad times 
emotional day! dont like hearing bad news from home  still loving it out here lots though x
doesn't want to get ready for the day, would rather just stay home, i don't feel to good 
Just got home. What an interesting night. I can't believe it's already over! 
I'm leaving tomorrow for a plane to my parents' home country. Just not mine because I was born here. So I am partly. I won't see twitter! 
@vickaguirre he's looking for a ride home...wants 2 stay for both services on his last day 
back home from italy without my car  hope it will be delivered this week
didn't manage to stay at the wedding reception long, am back at home and in bed again 
I'm tired. I have't really been home all week! 
instead of 80, tonight 120 km to get home..A1 and A12 closed 
year one was hilarious! now i'm home alone for the night 
Wanting to do something because my bestie isn't coming home this weekend  I am crushed. I'm still pissed @ at&amp;t for my phone not working!
missing home!  its the worst week end i ever had!
I love seeing teenagers spend alone time with jesus on the beach at sunset. Coming home tomorrow 
@RadicalRuby182 quidditch where? When was the last time i saw youuu? it has been so long! im coming home this sept but only for a week  
at rjs, going home soon to a house with no one in it til tuesday 
heading back home now. vacation is officially over now  it's also gonna be a long drive, like 7 hours. im so sad now
@dougiemcfly please come back home soon baby, i don't wanna take another night without you here 
coming home tomarrow, not looking forward to my flight at 5 in the morning 
I want to drive home.  4 hours. nearly done. don't have my towel. wtf.!
home from dinner with friends went nicely.. hubs leaves tomorrow 
The night I got home from my vacation, gramma fell and broke her OTHER hip!   Now she has a matching pair!
so basically i am working 12 hour shifts this weekend which blows! and tomorrow is father's day and matt is stuck at home with the kids 
@EbonyStarr55 It's raining, plans cancelled and my partner in crime didn't come home this week 
home. had a good time tonight. ready for camp. not ready to miss stephen and hopes he doesnt get in trouble for being in the car w/me 
forgot my phone at home  working tonight
home, failed movie night 
at home. my david is gone for a MONTH!  missing him. 26 days to go!
went white water rafting today and only came home with one shoe 
Bacck home tomorrow.  But it was fun while it lasted. Going to my aunts house for the nest couple of days. I'll get to see him&lt;33
@djackmanson poor darling.  I walked to first aid course this morning. Not surehow I'm getting home yet... ;-)
hopes evry1 is enjoying daddies day. We still don't have net connection at home.  http://plurk.com/p/12kkyx
going back home tomorrow. will be passing through the T.O. too bad i can't stay to watch the much music video awards in person! 
Goshh I'd do anything to be in my bed at home right now. I thought today was gonna be a cool day, turns out im wrong 
On a cab home -_- bus stopped running at 11:30. I waited an hour for nothing... 
I really wannted to go somewhere to day but marlie didnt so i was stuck at home 
just got home from working at a car show for A&amp;W and man its been a long day, sooo tired now. Another one coming Augast 21st as well 
9 hrs til my scheduled departure... Then  a week in the garden state. Weeee! I will miss you all at home very much, though 
boo, I couldn't make it back home in time for father's day 
2 hours away from home And my phone might die!!! 
it's 2 in the morning. I went home from emilys party early  because I'm sick. I feel horrible, I almost threw up in her bathroom =/
i'm so jealous @bekkajoy  but i hope you're having fun! i'll miss you tomorrow night  call me when you come back home
Heading home - church starts in 8 hours 
going to bed then driving 15 hours again to get home 
Waiting for hubby to get home!  missed him alot today 
@ home and about the hit the sack..long day. bummed that paris hasn't gotten my messages..   
What I have planed for today. Staying at home and playing guitar. 
nite my tweets...time 2 drive home...man I wish I was @ the club right now 
is really bored back home... shoulda stayed in sj for another night...  o well... happy fathers day!
in sunshine coast with kassie(my love). home tomorrow night 
i am lying in bed with the beautiful sunshine shining through the window in paris. going back home later today 
@sweet_kiwi57 and I feel bad because I won't even get to celebrate fathers day!  I will get home at midnight tomorrow
But we're all sick as dogs at home thu weekend 
@tmtn  At least you are feeling better now. I'm going to have to see how I feel tomorrow - may try and see if I can work from home!
Just got home from the grocery. weekend is almost over...  gah
@sudhamshu No, I'm at home, messaging friends and trying to study for tomorrow's exam 
I have a sick husband who is now asleep after getting home from his gig at 6 this morning, poor thing 
Today is so silly day, outside is so sunny  and hot, but i have to sit at home 
Heading home today, back to work tomorrow. I am sad about vacation being over.  
just got home from malling...i saw this very hot gay couple.. wish i had one to share my day with... 
is craving for  a paan. gawd, never thought would see this day..............missing home 
another long and boring day at home 
i'm going home today  .
back at home in 4 hours - leaving hamburg for a while 
evening .. just got home .. so tired ..  http://plurk.com/p/12o7lf
Really dreading my work trip today. Would love to stay home and get rest. But alas, no such luck. 
@miriamsays coz I didn't get to attend church today. I felt sick this morning so my mom said I better stay home 
is staying home sick today, have a low grade fever, can't eat or drink 
@alondraxpeeee awwww  I just got back home! yay! I can't wait for practice tomorrow!
is going home tomorrow 
will be moving home within 6 minutes... today in office from 6:00 - 19:00... 
I'm going home today 
is st home sick in bed in a GORGEOUS day 
@itschristablack if i were still home, id be part of that 'canada' mentioned. poor me  but hey, at least i got to see you last weekend!
just got n from my morning run on the beach &amp; packing to come back home 
is going home today 
had nightmares about roached last night. also needing a trip home. 
had nightmares about roaches last night. also needing a trip home. 
parents getting home after 3 weeks holiday and didn't have one nice word 
@sarahbelle_4 when we came home last night your car wasn't home 
 I'll get home like 5pm today it will be a long day no hangover just my body is drain out n my legs hurt ;-( I'm dehrydrated
Headed home today. 
like i said: stay away from freeways! i was coming home on he 60 this morning and a bird hit my windshield! i hope it didn't die! 
At my grandfathers house, practically saying bye, cause he's going to a nursing home tomorrow (tear) 
wah i dont get to stay home today 
is finally home.  What a week   So glad it's over.  So glad.
the boy is coming home soon.  i have to drive all the way to michigan city by myself today 
Its a sad day when you are out clubbing and you r still home before the parents lol 
wishing I was going back home this summer 
at home today sick 
Going home today 
@Welchzjelly   oh no! i guess ur just unlucky!!   ill be home wednesday!
it's 9pm n I'm still on d train on me way bak home  dangerous trends of difficult times!!!
Decided to come on home....using sick time but at least i can try to sleep it off now. 
i hate obligations.  and i have way too many  cant wait to be out of this city and home for summer
ugh nights like this i want cuddles...coming home knackered with worries about tomorrow 
No babies coming home today. 
spending the night @ rachael's with everyone except meagan  wahhh. &amp;+ meggno! needs to get home from floridaa. i miss my bestfriend.
in bed all day sick. I think I have the flu.   and he worst thing is that I'm by myself at home.
Haha got home an hour ago but fell asleep on the couch. I'm feeling really sick though and i still have to get a haircut 
Too bad I found out today was take your dog to work day when I got home. I did not see one dog at work. What a disappointment  tear.
@deargdawn around 5 weeks  just the thought of getting home and having to start from scratch again 
a quiet evening at home, john's working 
Home @ last--though it sounds like we'll b spending the day @ the chiropractor's! 
@ReKabke i couldn't go today, sorry. i had to stay at home. i've got this terrible flu, you know. 
On the train headed for home. After a day of mock trial, my head feels like it could explode. 
Not feeling so hot, will probably spend the evening at home. 
Just now going home.. Such a long day 
Only an hour left to go...... AHHHHHH I can't wait to get home! 
Sitting at the airport. Really want to get home.  even though it'll be late and I was looking forward to this evening
Not having a phone all day was werid  I'm never leaving home without it!
Sending prayers out to those who lost their lives taking the metro home from D.C. today 
really really busy day, just home voor 15 minutes and have to go in 10 
is at home sick today.  
I'm home from a 2hour drive. I think I don't have the energy to finish what I gotta do. 
Yesterday was the last day of school! i went to my friend drew's house, then i went to erica's, and came home at 1:30am really sick 
Coming home soon. Hopefully friday so i can make it to the shower. But it's sad at the same time    
@tllanes I cant believe you didnt say hi to me yesterday and let me know you were home safe ;) 
can't stop saturday starting late this week as my cat is getting a home visit from the vet for her sore paws 
@JeniferChampion I'd rather that then an hours wal home!! it kills me 
I am sad this morning because one of the 3 kitty's I rescued has found a new home. 
Otw home, no transcab today, too tired to think and to bathe  netball is wearing me off!!
Today is lazy time for me.. just stay at home 
sittinq at home readyy to take my drivinq test. . .qotta qet everythinq ready for colleqe on friday 
On my way home now, walking as battery flat on car this morning 
home for the afternoon with a sick little buddy.  
home now. house feels like heatings been on full all day. opend windows but hardly any breeze coming in. 
sitting at home on a beautiful summer day.  
I reallllllly dnt want to go back home tomorrow 
10 minute break. I want to be at home. I'm skipping out on shopping, that's how tired I am. 
@KimSherrell how was your flight home? im so sad that meeting up this time didnt work out  and its sunny today!!
just got home &amp; im already exhausted. but i still have a long day ahead of me..yay! 
@VictoriaLynnnn I can't  I'm going home the 4th and I just went home this past weekend can't take off more days from work right now
--back home for the day...trying to rest my arm    #fb
The fence is finally complete!!! But now I'm home alone for few days 
coming home today, i have a headache. 
I don't wanna go home this weekend 
should probably listen to the cds i bought today, not touched them since i got home. but tired 
home just in time to miss going to the ballgame 
forgot my laptop mouse at home.   I guess I'll have to live with a trackpad for a couple of hours.
I'm pretty dix tonight...took the v instead of the F rushing to get home 
has work today. with cramps. i'm home yet i can't wait to be home again 
Bad day of traffic.. took 2.5 hrs to reach from home to work! The roads have already started to deteriorate 
well i'm home alone today, its so boring here, everybody is away not fun have noting to do 
Anxiously waiting for tomorrow... I miss home... 
My neice Rayeana comes home tomorrow i'm excited..at work bored nd half asleep 
@RBKCreations oh no! that sucks!  I hope you get home tmr. good night.
@Sporbo going back to the office now. need to prep for tomorrow's event &amp; no internet at home now, so can't work from home 
Sounds good but i'll go to sleep around 5 leave at 7 come back home and sleep and stay up all night and be tired fri morning 
Is at home doing nothing on his first day of holidays  ah well
a week today I'll be on a plane back home!!! 
@lovetheme arrrghhh im feeling dizzy too, should have stayed at home today 
M's unwell so she's home with me and I've lost my one day a week with childcare 
but I'm ready to go home to the one I been going home to for the last four years.. Yeshhh I wnt let go 
sat in tutorial and would much ratehr be at home.  why is the common room shut today 
So tired after a long day at work, now I've come home to a crying baby, that my poor wife has been dealing with all afternoon 
otw home from cibubur junction, what a day, going to miss adit 
is staying home with her hubby today. I've got a bad tummyache. 
@oinktastic Unfortunately about 36 miles/1hour away and no working from home   Also, back upto 5 days - no idea how I'm going to cope!!!
last sick day home 
@shadowsierra88 i don't want to fall ill too but i think its worse having to be caged at home for 7 days! i can't go anywhere until Tues 
about to go to bed. Just got home today.... grrrr 
@K2_is_my_prince | I know  I wish we won, it was really bad for us but cause it was our home ground as well. oh well, always next year !
On the way to home. Today not really good day 
cleaning and packing are INCREDIBLY dull - who knew!! i'm going home from exeter today for the summer 
bored out of my mind. tried sleeping. i culdnt...  although i get to come home today later tonight :]]
just got home after a night at the hospital  the flu dehydrated him! Is still sick but on pain killers lol
staying home today. I'm sick still 
Still having horrible migraine  don't want to stay at home alone and so I'm going to stay for the day at my friends house.
@soozafritz then I have to go back home and deal with people.  but hey!! At least you get 2 months  enjoy ittt.
bah i hate work. wish i could stay home.. but i did that yesterday.. 
trying to get motivated...running a little slow this morning...forgot my breakfast at home 
slept over my friend morgans house  now im home and going to take a shower! pool partay today!!. might rain 
Drive alive day. Would rather have stayed home and make *some* progress with all my homework 
@kerryeflynn no i am not home  i need to be soon though. at some point this summer. i will let you know, of course!
After one week, I'm still at home... recovering!!! Last night was very painful and scary 
stuck a whole hour outside home. i should carry my keys more often. 
Sleeping before a busy travel day tomorrow. It seems strange not having my little dog at home though 
@crimpomatic stuck in meetings all day so can't get out into it  but it is beautiful 4pm finish for me I think &amp; a nice walk home =^~_&lt;
why is this rehearsal schedule so epic?! tired. sleep in tomorrow. not going to get home more than once these holidays 
@x7laurax7 What time? I ll need to get my last train home. Working in the morning!  xx
@chlojo I'm tired and nowhere near home time 
Compng home in 2 days 
at home..day off feelen sick 
@zeryck you should pre order tomorrow to gt the $49 home premium.  me wants one too.... 
Jennys going home today .. 
on my way home from a relaxing weekend  to bad it's back to reality :/
home - yay bought so many nice things in the city today 
is on his way home after a fun evening. 
just got home aftre a night with justine 
Praying to the gods of well behaved kids for a peaceful afternoon working from home.Meanwhile, It's nice to catch up with @jaynetunstall 
cleaning the room for passover, after a full day without internet i'm feeling now at home 
Another power day. On my way home 
waiting for my mum to come home  so i can hopefuly go out today.
missing my baby boys....home tomorrow 
sat at home doing nothing? looking foward to bakewell next week though 
my last dayin the office... tomorrow, im staying at home to pack. 
going to class but not feeling too good.  then heading home for the surprise! i love surprises 
will be on way back home in 5 minutes! 
heading home today for easter break  my parents don't think i'll be home til thursday, so what a surprise!
Is sat in the car on his way home from a great weekend at his mums 
wearing my coach cal shirt  home in 2 days!!
So, back at home. Now i can relax a few minutes and than i'll be cooking 
thanks for your prayers for mom, she should be coming home tomorrow. Now you can pray for me. 
just came home from an exhausting day of cute little kids 
is now home after a fun girls night at claires 
Just got home from a little morcyle ride. Now heading to work  then I am off for a few days and start shooting my first podcast episode.
going home today  i miss everyone.
back home from a longgg day! today = party time!  too bad i'm missing someone that's pretty darn special  &lt;3
I woke up at my cousins house this morning, now im at home and I have done 1 and a 1/2 piece's of coursework. 
@Kristinetweets thank you babe! We found a beautiful home just down the road, so it's packing time this weekend 
kind of sad to leave pensacola, but soooo glad @josethames is coming home for two weeks 
Hey I am home for the weekend and am supposed to be working on homework.  insteas, im sending a tweet for the first time! 
is sitting in the lobby at the hotel. i can't find either of my mothers! ahhhh! going home today 
home now mom and dad out, getting shower be 15 minutes awesome stuff 
@kimmiecubaby its good but its time 2 come home. B home 2night...ive been busy all day 
thats me done for the night  home n bed i thinks im shattered
10 hours of travel later team shark arrives home!!! Wow haha but anyway it's cha-cha time 
is sitting at home. watching tv, going out with joann tonight. 
is at home now .. gah now its time to study.. no wait.. after dinner 
just got home from a successful day of shopping! i am ready for tonighttt! 
home. and bored. talk.  118 more days until my 17th birthday.
at home had a fun morning today 
going home today 
Just got home from having a fun day!  and now I'm tired!
Heading home after a fun day of duck, goose and nephew chasing 
Is at home about to go to bed...what a good day it was. 
just got home from a fun night 
home from L&amp;L, would rather work at night, much less of a rush 
On the way back home after a long night 
Finally home. Of course i had to drive home  lol sleeping in tomorow!
@heyrileyy wow you had a pretty bomb day!!  I just got home from six flags but it was fun
Home sweet home  night mimis time
Coming home tomrrow, I'll be at the skateprk around 4. 
Home sweet home. I already miss melbourne... I will move there one day. 
Home from prom today was long but amazing time to sleep the rest of my weekend away  goodnight everyonee sleep well =]
is heading back home this afternoon after a great weekend up here 
just got home...what a wonderful night  (enyam sirhc rehtorb si yllaer etuc) lol 
just got home from a great night out..shower than sleeppp 
Just got home...going to sleep will give details in the morning 
Just got home after a great day/night out with kids. We had fun and laughed so much; They woke up to early though 
is at home ... bring on monday!  ... NOT hehehe
home all day on a beautiful sunday 
@aussiecynic Only for about 5 minutes. Am most definitely on the home straight now  You still functioning over there?
off home tomorrow, birthday in 3 days,  watching iron man in bluray tonight, 
at home again, still tired, going to read and check everything tomorrow... 
feels happy she was able to talk to her mom back home. looking forward to a happy week   http://plurk.com/p/ozzvm
the boyfriend is flying home today! i'm so happy i could scream! 
Just got home from church. Now time to do laundry and later a nap! 
has just got home after leaving for her night out 24.5 hours ago 
having a relaxing day at home with my doggy!  
@dannywood Have a nice time at home 
Finally heading home. It was a good night 
baby just woke up but I did get time enough to have a shower and a good cup of coffee  having a day at home and then jacuzzi tonight!
@strawberrynose  extremely busy and loud.. but the older two leave for home tomorrow, so will prob be back annoying everyone soon.. 
relaxing home alone this morning 
@tsgarner Coming home for the summer? 
just got home from dejans. such an amazing day!   love you guys! &lt;3
I have a strange dream....i don't know why i dream about it... i'm going to my parents home today, see you ! 
all day I was excited about @megdia new album arriving! I just got home &amp; noticed the package waiting 4 me! it arrived early!! 
YAY my baby came home today... i'm all sweet now 
@cabert17 cheer up! tomorrow you'll be at home 
@ShanniiLee I am here. I got home about fifteen minutes ago 
have to clean my room later... mum and dad come home tomorrow   won netball this morning 8-22 
i am going to bored myself at home today 
is sitting at home do nothing !!! but excited for tomorrow !! 
just home bored had an eventful night 
i just got home, saw gema earlier today  and then had one of those random nights...
Most incredible night ever. Finally home. Drinking a gallon of water.. And then bed 
Just got home...should have been in bed for two hours already.  I'm too old for this shit.  
Just got home after 7 hours at work... Now sitting in the family room, watching TV with the air conditioning on at full-blast. 
The walk home made up for my night! 
I got my first package from home!! I wonder what's inside!!  What a wonderful day!!! 
@MattFreeAllred I'm practicing my viomalin! That's what I'm doing at home! Also, I work in the morning. 
at home  just got back from a long day of footy.
home from the club.. time to drink more! 
Heading home from an overall good night on my part! 
Not really stressing about finals as much as I should...parents are visiting tomorrow! I'm in the home stretch 
GPS tracked the last leg of my journey home the other night, so accurate to the train tracks  http://twitpic.com/4e9rk
going down to my in-laws allotment to pick some fresh veggies to bring home. have a nice day everyone  x
just got home.. good night 
on my way to work at the bead store. last day there and then home to work on my new jewelry designs! 
Another day to enjoy with my lovely girlfriend at home with no interuptions.  Lots of fun for us. 
home for the weekend 
@citygirllife love that you are at home enjoying your pink day 
@dangerphill We miss you guys already. You left a game, will post back with Louisas bags  We napped for 3 hours when we got home hahah!
still tired.. but staying at home all day.. 
on my way home... such an interesting evening.... 
just got home from #barcampla. but y'know what, it's 110% worth it after hearing from people how awesome today was. exhausted, but happy 
home from a really really fun day 
sitting at home the whole morning  but i'll go for a walk with my best friend and her dogs later 
just rang home  the specials are on the stereo in hmv and i'm looking for 'withnail and i'.. had a lovely night
just home from a great weekend away...refreshed, and ready to take my business to the next level 
still sitting at home eating mushy food but today I am wearing a new skirt 
We made it 2 clevland last night. We are now on the road for the last part of the trip. We should b home around 1:00pm today 
still in pjs jst back from hazels came home in my pjamas might jst stay in them for the day lol 
is coming home for summer today 
got home from the chef's place  tiring day i have to hit the hay early
essay. then sara's house ! probally wont be home all day again 
@kiwinerd Have a good trip home kiwi and enjoy the rest of the day. 
spending time at home today  going to clean and do laundry!
@randyHOD   lol-  i'm glad it's going to be a short work night. i may get home before midnight!
@sennydreadful welcome home!! Who did you dress up as this time? And more importantly... do we have video evidence? 
@iitzfresh  I work at home most of the time. It's just widgets to me ...
spending a quiet day @ home with my kids 
at home watching some tv..what a beautiful day it was 
today i'll stay at home 
just came home from a week long vacay with my boyfriend and he still can't get enough of me 
@crisann parents come home tomorrow. I sleep in my bed again and eat homemade food 
just got home! this has been a very very long day! if fact I was barely home all weekend 
It's home time.  Yay! 
pool party at sherraton n brodi had  a blast! the friends made the evening bbqd at home with great conversation  funky n lifted day!!
Second wind over - home time! 
just got home had a major daily tset today. its math and i wish i got 6 or more 
On way back home after a crazy night on the coast 
No more tickets for today.  Having dinner with Mimcy after work, then we head home. Then again, she might get a call 
just got home and counting the days till friday 
@ShashiTharoor i hope such moments inspire you on your political journey back home. all the best 
Going home, see you at night in local time 
first trip home since diwali. But before that a couple of days in saddi dilli 
feel like going home and sleep till the next day! 
going back home tonight 
Going home.. no meeting today 
working from home office today and catching up on everything except twitter 
Just got home, doing art all day.. i want to be in a film 
Going to search out areas we would like for our dream home to also home my home based business one day soon. 
home for the night to hang out with my mom and study 
here it's 3:34  a.m. and i'm at home, after a night in a pub 
first weekend at home 
relaxing night at home with best people 
arriving at home now.. had a great time with friends today 
fiiiinaaalllyyy home after driving all day. speeding ticket. torential rains. ... fun times 
Just got home from a wonderful day with my family!!  I had so much fun today. 
I had so much fun tonight!! But i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep 
sleeping in my own bed tonight... at home!! 
just got home from all states honors choir, the 9 hour drive payed off, it was amazinggggg! 
@kimberlinax3 oh kimmy really?  I give you one week from when you get home to hangout with me. I better get to see you. &lt;3
coming home tomorrow with a car full of treasures 
just got home. went to totoro cafe (finally) for the first time ever. i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere 
home! day scale from one to ten is an 8  damn i feel old compare to him, haha so cute.
finally got home and get to sleep! had a great time with @jessimon and friends! 
just got home. today was fun 
first night sleeping in my new home 
just at home, not much going on, had a long day 
made this for you when i got home from wango tango http://bit.ly/1UjzQ    what a wonderful day.
had a great night with some old friends...we're still &quot;home-town heroes&quot;....some things never change  
fun night tonight, and my house looks so purrrty. Until tomorrow when the kids come home 
Is on her way home  aloha and good night everyone!
Driving home after an ok night  Iwish
@home last night after long drive, slept really well, now time for dino's wasstraat 
hey!! at home about to sleep i cant believe weekend finished so fast! happy mothers day!! good morning and have a great sleep 
is back at home...had a great day  http://plurk.com/p/svkc8
@Misstaken77 always good to polish off a few in the comfort of your own home  Nothing mischevious went down, just a fab night gossiping...
home after spending a day catching up with my old pals 
Just got home from another wonderful night 
Just got home from another amazing night 
Just got home  interesting night 
Just came home from my sister where I spent the night 
I'm heading to the library in a bit to finish my paper so I can spend some quality time with my baby when he comes home tonight 
i'm home! good evening. 
On our way to the philly airport to head home after a great weekend. 
mom's day b-fast at home, so as to not fight the crowds. plus homecooking is better 
home for mother's day. 
home now. really sad day but it's over now! eating da lasagne  kristina i love you &lt;33
relaxing at home today 
It was great to be home for the weekend but glad to be goin home tomorrow 
2 weeks left and ill be home sweet home 
coming home after a longg longgg weekend with the mother 
just got home from perkins and ready for bed, but no more jazz band in the morning 
Just got home, tomorrow should be busy because interest rates will be better 
ight heading home. been with tray all day chillin 
I chillin at home, but tomorrow I have class at smc 
Going home tomorrow, then only beach and car driving will be on my schedule 
is at home again   and hoping to do more than yesterday 
Just got home from a very long day... Now it's time for some sleep 
@ChrisRoperZA yeah he does. now you know  and she's sweet enough to have given him her car for today.walking home in cape winter.devoted!
wonder what means dobraneech :O thought of the day: sick at home... and very happy because katheryn winnick is happy! 
@pandorazellas I shall not talk to him at all today. ...  He'll still come home grumpy..  It's his time-o-the month. 
is coming home today! can't wait to see the puppies 
at home 2 hours earlyier 
miaoooww miaooow.. just got home from a good night out! atleast i slept this time  lol breakfaaaasssttttt 
Going home today! 
is finally going home!     this was like the longest day ever!  xD
@TSapi1 usual office drama ... can't wait to work from home one day 
Packing my things to move... @Catthyy 's home tonight 
A night at home sounds gooood to me 
Getting home from a nice quiet evening with great friends! 
just got home from church--i got baptised tonight 
ahh! getting ready to head home for the weekend  have fun all...
is heading home. need to rest. only had 3 hours sleep last night.  http://plurk.com/p/u9klg
wooo steven finally got out of that house. now im home alone! just invited jeremy over.1st time ive seen him in days  yay for a good night
so im going home after a loooong day 
On her way home from hanging with old buddies ;) excited a/b church tomorrow 
ugh finally home. arguably the best night of my life.  i loved wandering around va beach for two hours!
just got home from a lovely night out on the town with my sweetheart. 
just got home from the movies  good day!
@lizluvsJK YAY, then you can get caught up on your time out of the home 
@kamanu aloha braddah! how the rock? looking forwarding to being home by tomorrow. 
@Veggiebiker He doesn't know yet. He was sleeping at a friend's last night. He'll be delighted when he gets home 
@fruityalexia nothing wrong with getting home at 5am   aslong as you had a good night
 just spent the last couple hours catching up with nicole. i missed her so much. yey for summer &amp; friends being home.
home after a good weekend 
Is staying at home today and might go to boots and get me some urban decay! 
@katepickle we're home in the arvo if u need to drop in &amp; debrief 
amzar's coming home in an hour 
Is enjoying the beautiful morning,,,too bad I'm going to teach and not just sitting at home to enjoy it more.... 
just came home from mass. I don't really remember the last time I did, but now I can't help thinking maybe He really is all we need. 
going home tomorrow 
I woke up today at home and realized I want to completely redo my room. It's too dark and I want some lighter colors.  Something happy 
Some household cleaning before The Lakers bring it home today  
My mom can come home today!! After i get back from church were going to get her 
another good weekend in brighton! back home and fully in love with the maccabees 
Just getting home... Last night = AWESOMENESS 
just got home  had a fun evening with my sizzies 
back home from staying at my mums the weekend, peace at last. 
at home!!! i think im going to go swimming today!!! 
packing for home for a few days. i need sunshine, food, and family! 
my weekend is so busy...but i am so glad my sister is home 
past roseburg. an hour or so 'til home! 
up and ready for the lakers to win it at home today! 
finally back in coloRADo.  driving home to the springs, taking a nap, then driving back to denver tonight to see @danecook !!!  
About to eat...then come home. It's been a good weekend!! 
home for summer...finally 
parents came today and took a ton of my crap home for me. we also got mcalisters, yogurt story, and went to target!  time for laundry.
is now at home! (; yesterday was so awsome 
sometimes being at home is just the best thing ever... but still planned a 2 day city trip for Hemelvaart. 
@blakehealy have a nice time at home then  can't wait for the 7th july when you play in munich.
Is about two hours from home and can't wait to sleep in her bed 
Just got home.today was pretty awsome!perfect weather. was wit family.had fun. 
@allyheartsBB a constellation of frustration driving home.  how was your day, Ally?
@thomas_typo3 just came home from running with @t3rob - #refreshed for a day in the office 
@Luvstiff @kesoo i went running near home. got so red and burnt but its all gone today haahah  i look ugly dark. lalala cu both in 20 mins
just got home ... had a great day 
2 of my girlfriends are coming home this week! Excitedddd 
Is working  for one time i'm happy to be here.. Being home makes me sad
I'm on a bus again!  ohgod I remember why I don't like coming home at this time... cramped friend 
@andrewghayes I had some lovely spare ribs actually but I think a home made pizza will feature some time this week 
@iNGO98 first  haha nawwh thank you, again! i'll try and write the next part today (at home, i'm ill, again) but i can't guarantee it  x
Finally made it home..I'd rather be n dallas..lol...good night beauties 
just at home had twilight sports today i was really fun to watch 
home for the night ...finally 
Nasty head wind on the way to work this morning, looking forward to speeing home this evening though 
reached home right on time to hear the great news!!! 
Testing #pingle on mobile; home will make me save time 
@joshdurham it was awesome  should i watch the second part today or watch it on the plane on my way home ?
full of sushi and rias! just came home from 80s night at nobu 
My day so far, laundry, trip into town, back home.  Now am going to have a well deserved break before lunch then a visit to the library 
The future hubby and I are coming home this week! 
is staying home this weekend!! No mad dashing about...will be a nice change 
home cooked meal tonight with the parents.  i live for this.
home tmrw  and summer '09 begins...
go home now,, bye all,, have a nice day 
@Lizzidoll aw, maybe that's why you feel tired.. you should get some rest  i'm going home in a few minutes, it's 8pm here now. ttyl! 
@Small5   That's awesome!  I hope she comes home today  
@VickiElam eek! i hope your day goes great and very fast for you...but not too fast to wear you down. just enough to get home to relax. 
just got home, today was so much fun!! 
stayed up all night with bekka, we had lots of fun!  and i just came home from visiting my lovely grandmother &lt;3
i love monday afternoons, no ones ever home 
@aphoenix rough morning, dear?    I really enjoy having you home.
@chitowngal82 we had a good time. A little drama at the end of the night but we all had fun and made it home safe.... eventually 
I've had crazy busy day &amp; just going home soon 
hi all working at home this week end  have a great one!!! 
just got soaked in the torrential downpour on the half a km walk home. It was nice 
Going home for the weekend. 
enjoying the fact I didn't have to be up at stupid o'clock for breakfast today. hurrah for home 
home and no hw for the weekend 
can't wait to fly back home to canada, one month to go 
just rolled out another update on http://wearehunted.com - home time ! 
Packing my stuff. I'm coming home tomorrow! 
going home early :today... 
home stretch of addressing invites. 8 more left!!  another batch is being sent out tomorrow. all of them will be out the door by tuesday!
going back home today after 3 days in the lake house. need to get back to my music  missed it!
is working from home and feeling much better after about 11 hours sleep! 
just seen that @suewaters has been tweeting about me all day. we had nice trip to movies &amp; didn't get lost once! 40min til i am home 
yayyy, i'm home today   except last class x D
working from home today 
Just getting home.... had a great night with the bff.... work in 4 hrs... ugh.... sweet dreams ppl 
I'm home, let the weekend begin. 
is wide awake... wonder what's in store for me today?!?!?! countdown to home is now on 
Nearly home only half an hour to go  olser seems to be getting worst!!!
every time i see a postman's bike, i wanna steal it to ride home  one day..
weekend. going home to family again. can't wait to be home. 
has had an ace night!  and now needs to 'plan my journey home' ha!
just got home. went to kai's with jehan and stayed there for three hours 
working from home today after a great night out with @paulwalsh @yiannopoulos at #digitaldinners3 really insightful conversations 
gotta get ready... going home for the weekend. 
one days hard revision then home tomorrow 
I think I'll work from home today 
Boyfriend finally comes home tonight... yessssssssa! 12 hour work day will be nothin when i have that to look forward to 
home early from work   watching tv with the g/f and dog and enjoying some nice early morning weather
i love 3 day weekends and going back home 
stayyyyyyyyyyyyyyying at home today 
This train route should have a special seat for me! 3 times in 3 days! Going home now though 
@holisticguru its not lame if a clean home makes you feel good--if not, then find a way to make yourself feel good &amp; enjoy your day off 
and home  tired will look at photos tomorrow
@AbbiDawson sure ting  lol. I'm just chillin at home tomorrow
@grimesforever i'm sensing a much needed trip to dead city. we're setting up the home studio this week too - even more reason to join us 
@DJWhooKid morniiinnnggg  have a good day home skillet
is loving the home improvements her hubby did while she was gone this week 
i goes to party home with maiken tonight, and to morrow with my coausin! &lt;3  so nice !
Going home today, very excited! I get to see my long lost boyfriend 
Going home to change then off to work... cheers for now.. doubt I can stay off twitter for the evening 
on my way home!!! going to church tonight 
Heading home for a long weekend!  #fb
Today is the day I actually feel like I truly am... home 
having a great time in nyc, but happy to be going home today 
today was insanity. but i loved it!  i think i'm almost ready to come home....
is finally home after a long day... but no complaints... life is good 
Just got home from hanging out with the boyfriendd &lt;33 Today is our two month :]]] Feels like forever 
is heading home in &lt;24hours and is looking forward to seeing his friends again 
On my way home after talking to summer booking contracter for discovery green park and having special date with erin. 
Just home  wonderful evening with friends
@momJulee  ah ah that's ok!I chose to stay home because i wasn't feeling good and tomorrow i have to go to slc 
Just got home goin to bed... It was a great night 
@chucksteneck saved the the day and came home with a 'cloudbuster' kite 
i played little big planet today with @blogdesignblog..it was pretty fuN! took it home too 
12:07am and just got home  I had a great night with him &lt;3
Going home today 
back home from an insane evening at rodeo+midway...so much fun with my kiddos 
At home  tomorrow I have to : give blood, bible study, &amp; swim party.
@butterapparel staying home tonight everynight.  make some more ladytees!
Is sitting at home on a hot sweltering day trying to work a plan out..  and watching replays of champions league final
sun always shines... at home  schleswig today. find some new shoes for the forthcoming summer?
had an unexpected really really awesome time tonight  &amp;&amp; came home to having internet  now I'm craving armenian deli @rickyftw you in?
@takingbackbambi lol i know what u mean, just almost, ;) im working from home this morning 
says today isn't as bad as expected but wishes she was at home sat outside with a book and ice cream  http://plurk.com/p/wyqnz
