Most common words for this cluster:
[('homework', 876), ('math', 35), ('done', 24), ('science', 14), ('p', 12), ('lol', 12), ('haha', 11), ('loads', 10), ('lot', 9), ('maths', 8), ('lots', 8), ('com', 8)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'homework', 0.9926843047142029), (u'schoolwork', 0.6807469725608826), (u'homework_assignments', 0.6621970534324646), (u'Homework', 0.6203863024711609), (u'homeworks', 0.594919741153717), (u'homework_assignment', 0.5865334272384644), (u'classwork', 0.5732110142707825), (u'practical_Zich_says', 0.5548982620239258), (u'math', 0.5517057776451111), (u'classtime', 0.550749659538269)]





homework.... 
buttload of homework! 
Still doing my homework!!! 
homework homework homework 
Almost through with my Italian homework!  Weeeeee.... now if I only understood what I was doing.  
I'm doing my homework. It's gosh darn hard!! 
Still doing homework. 
doing homework...  
 have to work on homework tmrw...
Doing homework 
whatchiing commercial breakdwon lol and havee homework to do  enrtertain meee
now i have to do my stupid italian homework 
Fuxing homework 
soo tired but i gotta do homework  sadface
@jemcam hey i've finished homework but B is tired... 
has got homework to do 
at mobap doing homework. 
is super overwhelmed with schoolwork 
o chem homework since 7 am 
trying to do some homework. its due in 30 min!!! 
homework 
Is trying to do homework, but can't seem to focus 
has loads of homework 
doing science homework!  YAY 
Doing homework.  
homework 
watching confessions of a shopaholic and doing my homework 
homework....still 
homework 
english homework 
cbf doing homework ! but i have to 
gahh i hate homework !!! 
english homework 
I hate homework 
do my homework 
ah jeez. painting finally done. english homework now.  
Aww, it's lovely outside, however there is too much homework to be done to go out! 
blegh! starting term 2 tomoro!  and still havent finished my homework HAHA! but whatever =D
It's beautiful outside! But I'm stuck inside doing homework 
ngantuknyee..pnat tul..but really need to finish my homework      gambatte!
homework..  
homework... 
doing some homework 
hasn't done all her homework  i was fooled
Lots of homework to do 
Doing computing homework 
cheer then back to do homework. lame. 
@scratchensniff eww it doesnt to me, cause i have homework to do tonight 
so much homework. 
doing tons of homework 
homework  
doing homework!!! 
Sundays are usually not fun. To prove it, I'm spending mine doing homework 
And..... working on homework   
homework 
No matter how long i work on homework the list seems to get bigger and not smaller like anticipated 
does not want to think about homework 
is doing homework 
fuck you eye structure homework :O 
I have to do homework later 
Why does it feel like it's still a 100degrees?! And why haven't I done any homework? 
english homework  major buzzkill
I need to make homework.. But i not in the mood for homework 
has lots of homework  http://plurk.com/p/p5ixd
I do my homework 
does not know what to do with his homework.  http://plurk.com/p/p5zyp
has a crapload of homework 
doing homework 
doing homework, and it wont ever finish 
I'll die with the amount of homework I still have to do. It's so difficult not to procrastinate! 
gonig to do some homework  not fun. not fun at all.
has a free. re homework 
two chem. labs AND math homework.... ugh 
procrastinating about doing homework!!! 
bored....homework 
Doing homework 
I'm trying 2 finish my accounting homework but some one is still on my mind. 
doing English homework 
About to start chemistry homework 
literature homework....I've got a lot 
i do my homework 
still havn't done my homework it i hate homework 
homework 
Ah i totally forget about the shitload of homework i have to do 
stiiiiiiilll hasnt finished her homework. arghh. english 
is cramming up my homework for school tmrw 
im bored doing homework? 
doing homework 
ugh homework 
doing homework in history and math!!  boring!!
I'm starting to believe that 'my dog ate my homework' just doesn't sound right at postgraduate level 
doing homework 
i just did my homework, argh i hate math. 
Ugghh mountains of homework to complete 
doing my homework 
homework timeee 
off again...can't seem to get any homework done..may need an extension 
About to do homework 
Doing homework, i'm so sad 
English homework 
homework...blehhh. 
bored doing homework 
homework 
needs to do her homework 
homework 
doing homework 
Going to do my algebra homework. 
exercising and then getting last minute homework done, i hate sundays 
doing homework 
is doing homework  haha
Doing homework 
doing homework 
i dont want to stay up any longer, but i have to do my homework 
eh bout to do homework.  what a drag.
i dont want to do homework 
Working on history homework then math homework   i need summer
doing homework 
its annoying in my crossword for my homework n it says to find ambitious but it only has ambition 
schools a bitch, i'm procrastinating. i needa do homework 
There's too many homework to accomplish. I feel so suffocated! 
my internet is down. I was in the middle of doing homework too! 
buuuuuuu I want to sleep... and I havent finished homework... 
done with math homework. monster fell asleep on me  txt me im lonely
Doing homework  sooo much to do arhhhh and soo much math lol
Doing Italian homework.. 
doing some homework 
@___radioactivex homework!  you,?
english homework 
says homework tiem  http://plurk.com/p/rqi4p
Making homework 
going to do some homework 
doin homework!!!.................... 
Stressing over homework   *Trying to get through this. boohoo.     lol any helpful tips so i can get through this.?
has a bunch of homework to do. 
homework blows 
more homework 
Going to bed now....still so much more project and homework left to do 
i can't find my homework sheet and i'm sad now 
English homework . 
finished socials homework..  so tiredd
I think I should do my homework... 
Starting at homework 
procrastonating on the homework 
Doing homework...aghhhhhhhhhhhh i dont freakin care what the egyptians did! 
shower - homework. 
homework... 
More homework... 
homework 
doing homework, but i'm too tired.. 
Doing science homework .. 
now starting doing my homework and such stuff 
@skrobertson homework 
I hate homework 
awesome weekend... now for all of the homework I have yet to do. 
 homework. uggh
I have stupid homework to do 
bye. homework. 
doing homework 
just had jamba, and now i need to do homework. 
i still heva homework 
Historrrrry homework 
My tea was yummmy to bad I have to do homework now 
doing homework...at 10:13.. 
Hates this french homework. 
How can I still be up just starting homework 
fuck this math homework ugh 
Considering im totally lost in algebra right now, i did like half of each homework assignment, therefore nothing isready tobe turned in 
Doing english homework 
trying to figure how to drag the awfully boring story longer for my homework. 
doinq homework......who wants to help me  
Doing homework  
@WadeBagley homework 
homework 
about to get stuck into some homework 
Doing loads of homework 
is doing homework 
is in bed - really tired - loads of homework to do today 
im supposed to be doing homework 
i have to do schoolwork. 
homework 
Still doing my homework 
homework?? drawing n coloring yikesz 
still needs to do chinese homework. 
matt is starting his homework 
i'm doing textiles homework 
i officially hate spanish homework. its so confusingg.! 
Doing chem homework... ugh 
homework 
more homework. 
math homework . i hate math 
I will do my homework. 
going to finish my homework now  byee xo
i love online homework!!!!!!! 
I forgot my homework 
Still up doing homework... And not even close to being done... 
doing homework. again 
so much homework 
can't sleep. math homework in a minute 
I am ill, hear music and wait for my homework  i'm so tired  ):
too much... homework 
i have to do my math homework. but i dont want tooooo.  ahhahaha.
is doing homework she 4got to do!! ugh stupid homework pointless!!!! 
Going to do homework.. 
homework  lots and lots of homework
I can't concentrate on my homework 
I'm so tired, I just want to sleep! But i got homework to do now! 
i'm at university !! i have a lot of homework so 
Finally home! But now the homework can begin 
have to do my homework...booooring! 
a lot of homework      :'(
Going to do my homework  
homework 
working on homework! 
homework ffs !! 
homework it sucks 
homework! not ready to get kidnapped for asb 
I hate homework  
i hate homework 
doing homework 
homework 
borredddd !! homework ewwwyyy 
Finishing homework! 
I hate homework 
i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!!!!!  
More homework. 
working on homework!!! 
homework 
homework...boring 
why is this english homework so hard  i seem to be getting nowhere
doin homework ugh 
i'm bored guess i'll do homework...le sigh 
@stephdizzle13 haha who is there?  i am doing homework 
So much homework 
homework 
doing much homework  ... but it's lit homework, which is the best kind
boredd, doing science homework 
making my homework 
swans lost, aboiut to do some homework..... 
Making my homework 
homework 
sat outside doing history homework  do they not know it's the holidays?
I'm watching tv,not doing homework. 
homework 
is stuck inside doing homework, then work 230 to 8. 
is cleaning then doing homework!! woo then idk i b lonely!!! 
homework homework homework weekend 
homework alllll dayy, then the ballet, then more homeework 
homework and such 
Before there can be football, there must be homework 
doing my endless homework.. 
my homework 
doing a homework!! 
homework, that's bad 
Feels hungry and tired and doesn't like doing homework 
sunday = rest day! ahh i wish! more like homework homework homework!! and then clean the house 
homework is such an epic  fail 
doing homework on saturday, 
catching up on some homework 
@DirtyRose17 k i'm bouta look as soon as i finish this homework 
me is doing my homework gahhhh 
Trying to do my homework but its so boring!!!! 
@iluvmiley23 just woke up now im doing homework  lol xxx
@staceysenor  yeah homework overload 
cbb with geography homework 
about to do homework...sigh 
homework 
back to doing homework *sigh* 
doing my homework 
ah homework how i despise your existence 
Is doing homework........ 
@SelGomezPassion today=booooring day!! homework homework and more homework  what are u gonna do today??
@HeartMileyCyrus i'm really borreeed, doing homework 
@nere13 awesome! hey talk to you later ok? homework homework homework SUCKS!  xoxo
Still. Haven't touch my homework 
too much homework though 
doing homework 
still finished my homework . 
i have science homework, so stupid; i'm meant to be enjoying my holiday. 
i hate homework 
Holidays= choirprac,choirprac,choirprac,choirprac,homework,homework,homework,homework! I'm breaking down! 
homework 
doing homework !! I have a lot to doo 
@giannasmiley homework  as always
doing homework while the video is exporting 
away to do graph comm homework.  !!!
about to shower! and then endless about of homework 
homework 
stuck inside doing homework  
is confussed to were her science homework is. I have finished it but were is it? 
poooool with sydneeey. after math homework 
attempting to do my stat 200 and stat 480 homework. 
ughh homework all fucking dayy 
tired.. homework to do  familys coming over later!
finally finished my stress speech! now i wish i dont get nervious! one homework down! 5 to go!  noOO!
STILL working on a homework... 
going to do homework  lol
homework  blehhhhh
Still lots of homework to do... 
trying to do english homework 
doing math homework 
i need human anatomy homework 
im going off, to do homework  xoxoxo.
Unfortunately, I have homework and another group project to work on today. No nap for me 
is doing homework again 
homework! 
is doing homework 
homework 
starting my homework 
I'm tired...I don't want to do my math homework  booo for summer classes.
homework 
uggg marketing homework 
I don't feel good :'( and I have homework 
doing math homework ugh 
still working on homework 
I hate homework. It most definitely feels like bedtime, but I've got stories to write before midnight 
Doing homework at the last minute 
uhh.. I should do the homework 
Bahhh...homework 
I hate my homework 
My dog is wiped out from the graduation, i still have homework to do 
homework 
@iamthenoface I wish I could do homework 
doing homework how boring 
Just finished homework. Now moving onto assignments  Can someone please tell me what a 'twibe' is?
I just attempted to do my homework and once again I failed 
stupid mathletics. stupid pe assessment. stupid review. stupid homework.  bleargh
I`m doing homework 
homework 
tanning! &lt;3 while doing her science homework 
doing homework  boring!
doing my homework 
i really really really miss you  i hate this math's homework
in science finished my work bored cant wait 4 lunch (not) i have to finish math homework@lunch study hall  i guess its my fault 4 waiting
Goiin for my tea now, then sadly its homework  so, i shall see ya'll soon xox
is doin homework how exciting 
I'm home, homework done .. going to extraclasses of maths and physics .. it supposed to be tired, annoying 
Napping or doing homework 
being attacked by the homework monster 
doing food tech homework 
yay homework rocks........ ok im lying 
going to do a bit of homework now 
homework  ...
making homework.. 
@ddlovato enjoyyyy!! You deserve it. I'm doing homework 
homework... 
@AbbieFletcher_ French homework  Hbu? x
is home doing homework 
doing homework very far behind 
homework  homework and more homework is just not cool... .: i hate homework :. 
its nice out  stupid homework
homework 
homework suckssss 
doing my homework 
Too much homework 
doing my homework  evil science....
must resist internet.... must do homework 
homework from newsomeeeee 
doing an all nighter, got loads of homework 
homework AGAIN  I'll do an overdose!
i'm always doing the homework! 
got to go now.i got to do homework 
i should really be doing my homework/studying 
i dont get my math homework 
is doing homework 
homework.... 
I should working on my homework. 
Officially starting homework 
homework 
going to do homework, math sheet and dbq 
I'm doing my homework 
finishing up some schoolwork   it's hard.
Doing some homework 
homework 
@mattchuk04 - congrats matt - now focus on your homework 
doing homework got a math final it sucks 
incredibly sick  need to finish homework.
I'm back twitters and ohgosh I'm exhausted ! but I've to do my chemistry homework 
homework 
doing homework 
homework 
i'm so sleepy but i have to do darn freaking homework!!! :O  D:
homework so boring 
Finishing my homework 
homework is so draining 
i gave up and did my homework 
doing my homework 
homework 
homework 
no homework. no chores. friends all awayyy  absolutry nada to do.
math homework will be the death of me  ew.
doing homework 
going to do homework 
i have physics' homework to do 
i really wish i had no homework 
homework 
awwwwwnnnh its 9 and im still doing homework 
I don't want to do my homework but it's already 10 o'clock! 
@_KateDenali_ I am bored because I am doing homework and that is no fun. 
@GQbound must. sleep. can't think to do homework 
Is really tired and still got a butt load of homework to do 
aaargh the last weeks of scholl will be stressing. im not doen with homework yet. 
im sick of homework ...   .. there are more 10 pages ... 18 or 20 i guess   
I have all the focus of a goldfish. =_= It is too early to be considering avoiding homework. 
Still doing homework. :/ I'd rather be with the gang at vivis right now. Fml 
so sleepy.. but i have to finish my homework 
i do my homework now 
I got a ton of homework. 
cant be bothered doing homework 
@eunice007 I had to get up to do homework 
oopps.....i can't find the answer in our homework... 
so many homework 
@notthejadedkind *sniff* now i'm forced to do my spanish homework 
need to do my homework, but i don't want to 
@miguelangelji that really sucks   i'll do it for you if you want! :p i miss having homework and assignments haha (no really!)
really cant be arsed to do all this art homework 
making homework 
What sucks about end of term is the homework remaining is the homework I've put off cuz I don't like it or want to do it. 
i have to do homework but i cant concentrate 
Up and doing more homework 
doing homework...   
i have so much to do. i need to do some homework now.  i really am going to hate these next 2 weeks.
doing homework!! 
@loyer7 jealous. dumb homework 
trying to get focused to do some online homework 
homework 
i'm boring..!!! too lazy to do my homework..goodbye 
worrying about my social studies homework! 
needs to do homework but doesn't want to 
urgh doing maths homework 
homework...homework...homework...thats all i ever do! 
i dont want to do homework 
homework 
doing some homework  + I have a cold! Borinnnnng!
doing laundry and working on homework (playng catch up in school) 
back to earth science homework. how fun. don't i just sound thrilled?!  ..... 
is still working for homework..  http://plurk.com/p/yxoml
doing homework again... 
sooo much homework 
homework 
Lots of homework 2 do... &amp; i wanted 2 go out w/@lucy_g 
finished homework   now i don't know what to do 
Doing homework 
wow packing took 6 hours! Now for scrapbook, studying, studying, studying and homework...SO STRESSED OUT!....i need a hug 
avoiding homework and studying for my final at all cost 
about to get stuck in to homework. soooo not good. don't want to do homework. But i have to... 
Should be doing homework....... 
well, I have to do math's homework!!  
homework. 
doing homework... 
doing homework. again. 
i am doing homework...boring... 
doing homework 
fucking homework 
is ashamed to admit that she struggled with her math homework more than she should have... 
Looking in planner ...... Yay no homework 2 do .....Buts lots of revising 4 tests 
Doing my science homework :/ harder sheet and it is harder atm 
I need to do homework and get ready but i cant be bothered 
math homework...formeln 
homework 
homework! The person who invented it sucks! 
doing homework. 
doing homework 
homework 
I have homework to do  I miss being in half term.
@martinaxD sooorry for that  i'm doing homework as always LOL
I want to relax and I don't have to do homework...I'm so tired... 
doing my homework. I hate doing that but i have to 
@fabulousselena goood too!! doing homework....i hate it! 
homework 
homework can be so boring 
is going to finish his english compre! still have more homework to complete!  http://plurk.com/p/z3z6p
doing english homework  Cba
i'm done with my french homework- it took almost two hours...now i have to learn geography... 
I hate loads of homework 
heyy heyy !! doing some homework....  but later going to the mall !!!!
bored. still haven't done any homework + i feel sick 
doing french homework  i don't even get french!
doing my homework 
needs help with homework 
is about to do her maths homework. ugrh... 
I want to go outside  but i cant... homework.. homework..blablablah.
The homework 
fixing to do some homework 
so much homework 
homework 
homework.. 
doing homework  !!
soo much homework to do 
HAAAAY i hate homework 
homework 
maybe going to do some homework. it's pretty necessary. i wish i had index cards 
Doing maths homework... Boring 
finished the paper.. now math homework.. 
Still got homework to do 
@RickyDeHaas lol I'm doing my homework now  math sucks! What time is it there?
Finally after running errands since 8 am, I am done!! Yay not really cuz now I have to do homework. 
I miss the guys  damn u homework!
whatching thats so raven even though i have homework sigh 
@lovebscott homework 
hate doing homework on sundays 
I'm so tired of the homework really really tired 
I hate English homework. 
im so bored an have to do english homework 
doing last minute homework 
I am so damn tired from all this homework  shower then bed!
My homework is due in 2 minutes and I didn't complete it because I was watching titanic 
AHHH my printer has stopped working! i'll never get my homework done now.... i should not of procrastinated 
Doing homework  #squarespace
@LoveTruck good to hear. hahaha. u have homework? I do 
I have to do my homework 
so many homework! 
Doing lot's of homework 
says sooooo pressured!!. wahhh.. so many homework.  http://plurk.com/p/113epr
Off to get tuition homework done! So many pages.... 
is bored out of my mind doing homework 
About to do homework 
doing my homework 
science homework is bad  ...........continued
@Raptorine I miss having homework. 
feelss shitt after such a dull dayyy... and now has homework to do 
homework 
doing homework 
getting ready to do some serious french homework! 
homework. don't have a clue what i'm doing, so  reallyyyyyyy bored.
is on msn  and doing homework 
ughhh i have 2 do homework in a couple minutes!!!! 
homework   
Doing bloody english coursework (homework) 
i guess homework and a quiz will have to wait till after work. and i really wanted to get to bed early tonight too...   
doing my homework , i'm a little tired 
Working on homework for summer classes....NOT fun! 
i'm doing my english homework.. it's so boring. 
science homework  brbz
@ivanahumpalott   doing homework 
Ahh back from whatever I'm doing. I got homework 
homework...homework...MORE homework... ahhhh..... 
@RobKardashian homework 
boooooo @kevinkallstrom is always working or has homework 
i have wayyy too much homework  bum deal
So i never got the homework done that i was supposed to do. and i fell asleep on my couch and missed john and kate and greek and im up. 
(yawn):O i'm pretty tired I should start my homework though 
has to do boring science homework 
Mums making go and do homework 
so tired, got media homework to do 
homework. 
doing homework and being really boring 
i hope i get all this homework done 
..as always.. doing my homework..  eerRhh!.. :p
tired of doing my homework's.. so things have to search..  ugh! 
doing homework  i have alot
have to do my homework, but I don't like... 
i'm doing my homework right now... but i'm soo tired... 
homework 
I really should be doing classwork/homework, but I just don't feel like it today! So I don't think I will! 
I think I answered my bio homework wrong o__O so confused 
i dont want to make my homework....arghhhhh 
homework 
feel bad for me i have loads of homework 
really bored  but aat least i don't have any homework
doing homework. -.- arrgh.. it's so annoying 
have to do my homework ... 
I have to do homework  but I think, it has to wait ;)
doing homework 
i'm real bored! doing homework  
i dispise homework.... google is my enemy 
I hate physics  ... my teacher give me extra homework on the thing i didn't do my complete my homework for in the first place :@ !!!X
is doing homework.... yawn 
homework.... 
hiyaxx out in the graden doin homework 
is doing homework 
making homework (business skilss) 
Why do schools always give you loads of homework when you have exams to be revising for!! It is so annoying 
doing my french homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
going to school  havent done my homework.
Doing my math homework 
is doing homework 
doing homework..  i want my bed so badd  grrrr.
doing homework. again  
is doing homework 
I hateeeeeeee geography...I have plenty of homework I didn't even start doing 
STILL working on homework   
math homework all night. 
doing homework 
Doing homework...and then some more homework and then some more homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
I'm doing homework!! buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.. probably i'm not going to sleep 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
I guess I have to got do homework now 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is going to do homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
i used up all the broadband so now im on dial-up  andd i have homework that i havent done. downn buzzer
@ooohh_its_leta U already have homework?! I miss homework! 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
It is now time to start the never ending math homework! 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
@manaloloandlola i heard that we have homework already for chem 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
homework tym YAY!!!! 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
I seriously have to get my homework started soon 
is doing homework 
is doing homework 
Just sitting here reading my homework.  
is doing homework 
Doing homework, urgh 
doing my homework? 
Doing homework. 
homework shits! 
I don't want to do my homework 
English homework now peeps  boring lol
is going to do her french homework 
doing some homework... 
must do homework 
doesnt want to do homework 
Finishing up some math homework  I hate it with a passion!!!!
not even finished my first lot of homework yet 
so tired, I have a lot of homework 
homework 
homework, then studying 
Doing my homework.. and wishing I didn't have to.. 
@jordanknight TINK?!?!?! I have been up, to work for 8 hours, and done some homework  boooooooo
very boreddd (N)  dont like doing homework 
homework 
homework is such a drag !!!!!!! 
math homework and stuff for work..yippie 
Has become addicted to fml and im doing homework 
homework 
doing homework from scool 
homework 
@lindsa Haha so am i and i should be doing homework 
sitting in my room doing homework... ugh im so tired of homework 
i hate chinese homework 
doing homework 
argghh , shit , i have homework 
Is sick of doing homework! 
i must do my homework 
I do my homework  That is so boring..... I hear music and bored me
I feel sooo sleepy but I still gotta do homework 
photography homework 
I'm really behind on homework now. better get on that this afternoon. 
chilling then doing homework then work 
doing homework 
Has got loads of homework 
accounting homework consumes me 
@jonaskevin homework  why do we need it ?! lol xxxxx
going make homework!         
homework  writing about the rainforestt funn :] joke x
Still making stupid homework.. 
so i guess before all these meetings today i need to attempt to get all my calc and khp 300 homework done 
still not feelin well but I need to do my homework 
i need to get my shit together and do my homework 
busy doing homework   I'll be back
ZzzZzZzzzZ... wait no I have homework. 
homework 
http://twitpic.com/7rwxu Finnaaaallly doing my homework  2 down 18 to go lol
making myself a cheeseburger...still havent finished homework 
haha! I want to sleep!! but I can't  because I have a lot homework! 
man..i'm so tired! need to do some homework.. wanna do my homework? somebody? anybody? twitterville what about my homework? 
More homework, try to sleep, and back to work again tonight. 
oh.and my tuition homework 
i hate homework 
I'm making some homework 
I'm sleepy and I don't like homework. 
homework 
doing homework 
@Nadyalani it sucks, i know. i'm taking this english intensive and there's homework up the wazooo for it 
homework! 
doing homework 
i wish i could listen to led zepplin for homework, but noooooooo 
is standing outside tutors house now, unwilling to go in.  because, i haven't do my homework! tuition.. Rocks my socks......
lots of homework to do after coming back from turkey! wah 
-k- not gonna get sleep yet. I have homework for my online classes. not cool 
still can't finish my homework. 
is so tired.. not yet done with my homework....  http://plurk.com/p/12dq2o
i am doing my homework 
@wimjimjam is it a big project? What arses you get a small break AND homework 
just havingg some chillin time then i got to crack on with my school homework back to skool on mondai 
make my homework 
now I remember why I'm up so early....i have to do homework 
listen music, and doing my homework 
i hate homework. 
Needs to do homework 
got 2 go homework 2 do 
debating between homework and reading for fun. I think I need a break 
watching out cold. should be doing homework  but feeling extra lazy.
so much homework that neeeeeds to get done! 
buried under my homework 
I have to redo my homework cause I spilt coke on my file &amp; I want to cry! 
homework 
Doing my geometry homework. It's sort of hard. 
French homework needs doing 
homework 
ohmygod. stupid english homework. 
Doing homework. 
do homework its so boring 
doing ETAR homework. not fun. the answers are hard to find. 
doing geography homework... yay. 
Lit homework. 
homework, homework, revision and homework.. no  baking, no lazying around.. lolz.. 
English and French homework, and plenty of it !!! 
needs help with math homework 
makin' homework. 
is really sleepy and would rather take a nap than do homework 
English homework again   whyy so much from one subject
has loads of homework 2 do 
doing homework  again.........
I can't do my homework 
argggg, doing science homework.  does anybody know what boyles law is ....
i do my homework 
so much homework to do!!! 
Really, spanish homework? Why must you be extremely difficult to finish? 
I am a student again and already have lots of homework.....  I didn't miss this
doing homework....      it's a lot   :S
English homework 
I'm doing homework 
i'm trying to do my fisic/math homework  boring
working on homework 
got to go to bed! gotta wake up and do math homework! 
History homework 
Doing homework. 
i have enormous amounts of homework but it requires the effort to actually get up and start it 
homework 
so much homework, so damn tired. 
done with math homework. now econ 
I finished my chem homework early, yaay more studying time...! 
finished going thru pic for homework. so hard to choose 
It's too late to be doing homework 
gahhh, loads of homework 
is still doing homework. 
doing homework   BLEH 
might as well go do my homework now... 
too laZy to doooo homework 
maths and french homework 
i have just too much homework! 
have to finish up my homework right now 
moving mountains.  ...of homework. 
i dont know what i am doing, but i only know that i have not done my homework . 
i hate it im not yet done to my homework!! 
behind my desk doing homework 
At work doing my math homework. 
a fun filled day off full of laundry and homework 
do my fuck homework 
pls someone help me to put my eyes away from twitter! D: i feel devastated. and depressed. homework homework homework 
Just doing my homework. Blehh. I don't like it 
about to do some homework 
doing homework... unfortunately 
today i've completed all my legal and psych homework  i'm currently doing my health homework trying to get it done all tonight!
finally finished homework...off to bed now 
homework ALL day... 2 assignments due by 4:30 (but they're almost done!) 
@ERIOGERG @simsing haha. i know right? thankfully no homework.  @syamira723 at least we are almost done!  yay
shower, homework then volunteering 
working on homework and doing laundry... get to see heather on monday!  i am excited!
doing homework then liz is sleeping over! 
@misetak Wicked. I will watch/read as homework and report back to twitter. 
PROCRASTINATING homework like MADDDDD! But I honestly don't care! I'm soo sick of homework....fuck it! I'll do it tomorrow! 
The homework is coming alone well I should say  I can do it!! All you need is faith 
is doing homework haha talking about last minute! 
homework is nearly done 
@SasLovesCookies you always do your homework in the last minute 
Doing homework! 
doing homework wih rocky 
doing maths homework 
Going to bed. I didn't do my homework ahahaha 
not working on my homework. 
doesn't have math homework ! 
just made stirfry for my foodtech homework and its actually really good ahha 
just finsihed homework  thats what i get when i dont do homework on time just drinking a monster and off to school 
completed my homework 
I'm doin my homework 
@babyexpat just a little homework ;) - I said soon you'll be speaking indo really well 
I was doing my homework.. But now I'm twittering. 
Late night homework once again. 
has anyone read to kill a mockingbird and can help me with my english homework? 
@indiaknight @jojomoyes So long as that doesn't mean 'an opportunity to make you finish your maths homework at long last'. 
@gummibunny24 haha you'll have to watch it indeed, you've got homework now 
@mincus2 for reals? I have no homework 
working on homework, and watching my babies play 
crushed by homework and reports and work... weee! 
Considering thinking about taking my homework out of my bag 
done with the homework 
goodmornin!  grrr homework. then finally maybe ill find a dress for graduation. this is very important. but it needs to be non-expensive
@Eldirao am good and nothin really i had no homework to do 
I'm finding my English homework to be extremely fun and mind engaging  haha.
still doing homework and quizzes and reading ugh this will all be over soon 
doing homework...and a little sleepy 
@annabdavid homework done, i may take the dunce cap from ted, but i tried. can i stay out of detention? 
wellllll, I did most of my homework. and i kind of finished with editing. And I'm not as tired this morning as I thought I'd be 
Doing homework , and then , BBALL! 
I'm going to do my homework... bye! 
I'm going to; eat-homework-tv-I don't know yet... 
listening to fedde le grand and doing chemistry homework 
just finished her art homework! 
is doing homework with my mommm. 
going to bed with my homework done. 
yeah finally finish with all my homework!!  i can finnaly sleeeeeeeep 
I'm enjoying my homework 
and watching shaun the sheet 4 homework 
done no homework since tuesday or whatever :S saturday is my homework day 
Doing my english homework. 
homework 
Doing homework 
woke up at 6 to finish homework... which i did. 
the only homework i have is to type something for ap english, but it's at school! finally have a sunday away from homework 
softballl, new shirt &amp; hat. booooom  homework later!
so thank full i dont have any homework! 
done with homework... for now 
I finished my homework! Yay! Lol! 
ive done my homework. i donno... maybe it'll be okay...  i hate tuesday when i have to go zemi. ((
gah i frikin hate homework. especially projects and essays! rawr. i love benny! 
finally done with homework...made a new piicture. es pretty cool.  haha
is done with homework. 
done with homework, and i feel lighter already. 
now i've to do my homework.....uffi! and then.....guitar! 
Homee  now lets do some schoolwork haha
thinking about college! and not doing my homework lol 
i forgot to do my homework... again.  i neeed some vodka.
@auriea need some reading homework? 
Now. I will start my homework. 
so freaking tired. bedtime. finished moooosttt of my homework, well, what needed to be done for tomorrow. 
