Most common words for this cluster:
[('home', 362), ('school', 266), ('sick', 22), ('homework', 17), ('kids', 15), ('exam', 15), ('today', 15), ('college', 14), ('lol', 14), ('day', 13), ('work', 13), ('tomorrow', 11)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'home', 0.7957133054733276), (u'school', 0.7176847457885742), (u'Neighbor_Luis_Yanez', 0.5798571705818176), (u'parents', 0.5738045573234558), (u'elementary', 0.5462570786476135), (u'Superfast_WiFi', 0.5399478077888489), (u'house', 0.5360597968101501), (u'Woodmeade', 0.5307357311248779), (u'States_Morovich', 0.5299363732337952), (u'%_#F########_7v.jsn', 0.5288257598876953)]





walking home from school drains all my energy 
@_elliee haha yeah, i thought it would be much more complicated :') and well ive just got home from school, we've not got holidays  x
stayed home from school again, i ache 
thinks it's very surreal being back at university and wants to come home already! 
Is wishing she was at home getting on with her college work 
ee don't want to go back to school and don't want 2 do home work 
I'm finally home! But I have all of my homework to do 
children back to school, house feels rather empty  i like them being about!
sick, possibly staying home from school once again.. 
staying home with two sick kids 
school..  then home unless our game in canceled..
I fail @ life so far this week  going home right after I got to school
At school again. Wish I was at home with Brian 
Yay the uk people are coming home from school! burned? i have to leave in like forty five minutes 
just got to school + its so quiet. I hate it + want to come home  love you all x x
droping ricky off at his school and an hr drive to get home  ughhh I wanna be sleepin right noow
is staying home from church because of allergies and asthma. 
still working on home work. i hate this part of high school... 
is at home.... ready to go back to school 
My kids are late coming home 
@maliciousmandy1 ... u should definately have another meet-up no one could watch the kids tonight so I'm stuck at home 
@meganpants wasn't feeling up to school.staying home and doing chem,and waiting for yesterdays motogp replays on channel 24 
:/ home from school not much to do 
At home alone  not looking forward to school tomorrow
@yellowbrickedrd i wish i was feeling slightly unwell so that i can rest at home for some time and stay away from school 
@aussiecynic cause my parents just like to stay at home 
my baby is sick today   staying home from school to watch him. ((
@home from school...and now I have to learn again... What the hell is going on??? I wanna do sleepy time 
dead phone until who knows, and i forgot how much i hate living at home  i've decided i cannot stay home for school next year.
@rtryson apparently it's going around at school, and i took it home with me 
i just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong have been out since ten, and its eleven...still sick 
just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong have been out since ten, and its eleven...im sick 
just got home from flavius's graduation and i dominate at volleyball and ping pong. been out since ten, and its eleven...im sick 
had a horible day and just got home  and school 2moz grrr.
back home. without mommy  doin some stuff for school
home from school today. megs sick 
english homeworrk, texting ardenn &amp; waiting for my brother to come home and order my ticketss! thennn bedddd, schoool in the morning 
home from school due to a sore back 
starting my take home exam... i'm glad it's take home so i can get a good grade, but i can't bring myself to settle down and do it 
school  bah. can't wait for home again.
home from school. everytime i check for the post office note. still no @johnnudurham19 shirt yet 
Almost done studying for tonight...  Now i gotta pack up my heavy backpack and walk home from school. 
 i left my yearbook at home!
off 2 school  gotta learn... then track practice to home...
my crackberry is addicting! on the train to school, wish i could take it back home 
I'm on my way home from school  not feeling well 
Just got home from babysitting. I want kids! 
at home  doing homework nO
leaving for school.  back home on the 31st...
home, bored and sad there is school tomorrow 
Doing my homework i dont wan to  english and indesign@home
home from school! yay, ovver it  i feeel sick! itwont go away
At home  doing homework. 
finaly home from school but now i have to do homework  but at least i can listen to music now lol
in school really bored, wud rather be at home! double science this mornin 
i am ill and i am tierd got sent home from school today 
@Rosellyanna cool...no I'm at home on study leave for my exams...but I have to go into school at about 1.30 
i'm so sick to my stomach  working on two hours of sleep. i wanna go home already and i'm not even at school yet.
grr housework on hold even longer now. my 9 yr old has just been sent home from school.really unwell 
Home from school and in a very very very bad mood, I hate some people!! 
kid#1 is sick and staying home from school today  
Off to school for an hour  then home again
home from school... the whole weekend ahead of me but it is raining!!! 
Ah, I have Tonsilitus  had to come home from school..
Off to go to school  i thought I would stay home, but I,ll not...
school.home.clean.practice.home. i misssssss him 
it is sooooo nice out today!! i wish i could stay home and go swimming instead of going to school 
ah home early from school, feeling sick still but i wana go to shannon's sleepover 
http://twitpic.com/5ow7d - at school  well home in a bit and ill excplain more cleary what i was trying to do     abie+chels ere!
@MzTasty me 2 LOL...thing is it comes on an hour earlier here at home than at school so i b forgettin  I will let u kno tho
@ home! breally bored! just had some shity dinner and starting to think about homeworks! 
just got home from cecilles. school tomorrow 
it's really boring staying at home and missing school  muuuuuum?? when can i go back??
just got home from high school music concert...it was awesome, my oldest sons last hight school performance   
home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him
stayn @ home from school. sick. doc says I have bronchitis 
just got home from school and from the wake of my friend's father.  so tired..
@socialcalamity Haha k we should stop here. If not, it's going to turn into a bitching section. Ohwell, my parents just came home 
just get back home. the first exam was too long no time to finish it ... 
here again in school bored wanting  2 go home 
i REALLY hope my parents don't make me stay home for being sick 
Getting ready to ship a care package to the daughter. She's not coming home this summer from college 
home with chocolate and peanut butter. stupid kids on my bus ruined my yearbook 
@emmakid prolly none. since parents are going home soon  otherwise I prolly would.
@lorigies i wish i could! i have to go to school  how about you come home early?!!
grr i hate flvs, hate school, i hate being home bored 
just got home from niece's graduation.... I'll have another one next year! 
UP was fantaaaastic.  now back home doing homework 
@miss_djdanger it's going well, you? haha thanks for trying. i didn't get home from school till 4:30 then had to run to work. 
Is happy to b home from girls camp but really sad also 
packing dort's suitcase for her first school trip away from home. packed in accordance with instructions, but can barely shut the thing 
Waiting for the kids to get home!! I miss them 
finally at home and working on some homework. my laptop crashed so now i have to use my parents desktop which is really slow... 
@babydolldress lucky you, going to the beach!! i have to be at home studying for exams! 
just at home. exams 
sitting at home studying waiting till I have to go to school to do the exam. 
i feel all depressed from staying home from school. i hate my doctor 
a take home law exam 
going home from school..math was easier than english.. 
home from school - homework time 
I'm up for school it's 8am and I'm shattered I want to stay home, look at the weather it's not the day to be sitting in a classroom 
at home nowwww. ah i have homework , and schoool tomo nooo 
kid home sick from school with a bad stomachache 
I'm off to summer school... It's so sad. I really, truly have not been out of the house. So, this is actually exciting... 
@JORdashEL you were getting home when i was waking up for school 
had a traffic mishap on the way home from school, 20t estimated damage 
going to school  wish i could stay at home today,it's so cold, i'm freezing  xx
At home because of pink eye  Although it's nice to have 1 day of school off
i am sickk soo i stayed home from school 
is up at the school wishing i had made it here sooner..o well im back on my way home now  (womp womp womP)
i got sent home from school. i'm really sick and have a temp of 102 and to top things off precious is getting put to sleep today 
had to come home early from school, my stomach was killing me. 
i triped over my shoelace when i got home from school  rofl
at home.. studing for trimestral exams 
Just got home. So tired! I have a test to study for too  bleh school is lame.
Just got home from 5th grade graduation...oh, my baby is growing up too fast 
at home and NOT ready for school to start tomorrow 
home- didn't go to school today because i was feeling like crap 
Just got home from my classroom.  End of the year paperwork is killing me 
sick... skipping class and staying home to get well 
wants to read her book on both car journeys to and from school but i felt sick doing it yesterday on way home     it sucks lol
@suzzz_ferry ahhh lucky! haha. i've been at school since 8  home now though 
at school! ugh i wanna go home. 
I am going to school today! But i have to go back home and get the homework i forgot 
Just toto school during 2nd period. I would have stayed home if I didn't have to work right after school. 
getting ready for class, and i just want to stay home lay out and have fun.  schooooll ehhhh..
I'm sitting at home and do my homework....boring 
At the house, giong to school later. I have a doctors appt. 
i keep forgetting my yearbook at home. it makes me sad.  cause i need people to sign it! kben :]
So i think my parents are gonna make me go to a school 3 hours north of home... 
home from school, I received a B+ on my last essay    at least a made a 90 on the test :/
@Kimbob16  exams you get to do at home?
at home, surfing the net! ohh, i'm so bored. i wish it wasn't school holiday. 
i'mma wannah go home  i hate twatty people at school
Just came home from hectic school! This day is not soo good for me right now.... Trying to cheer up... 
just got home from school ! super tired ! 
my knee is really bad and it hurt so much  i'm gonna try to survive 2 hours in school and if i can't i go home again u.u'
At home jet.. But school isn't off... So I went home cuz of my bad stomach ache...   
i really wish i was sleeping. its cold and i dont feel good. at least i'll only be ac school... 2 hours? i have to walk home though 
On way home to revise for an exam I am not passing  sadtimes
Would much rather still be at home talking to @chrisontv88 instead of on the way to school 
got sent home from school, feel so ill. bad times 
home from school ... inet traffic very limited ... can't tweet a lot the next few days 
just sitting in school...terribly boring  wana go home
i am soooo ill  got sent home from college x
Going home from school early  it was totally pointless to come in the first place 
@jessiicajonas i'd rather be @ school then home sick in bed  misss u too grease buddy but im going tmwr so i will see you &lt;3
came home from school early...got a wicked cough/sore throat. 
well, my family is about to come home from school. yay. o_o i'll just hide in my room &amp; do my homework. didn't make cookies yet. 
I am staying home from school because I have a sore throat. I have been coughing alllllll night.... 
left school at 1:15pm because of choir rehearsal. &amp; I had to walk home w/ sis  so tired.
have had home search visits in the morning, then a huge nap and now I just realized it is too late to leave for the school communion 
@mom2boy I'm not with her!  she's at the venue by the buses, i'm still home 
@home with kids not feeling too well 
just got back home from a fun night at my cousins house...not looking forward to going to school tomrw 
parents are home. dragging me to church at 6 
i have a cold, i can't go to school because the health authorities have advised students with colds to stay home 
@damana sad too  am home studying for stoopid exam
@greekdude it was fun, wonderful!  but now back home, back to exams  headache! i dont understand about literatture
at home out of the shower omg its freezing!school tomorrow 
is stuck at home doing english coursework.  
Home, had a great weekend  now back to school 
is at home, packing up to go back to school. Last week 
@RWSparkle unfortunately, you're probably the only who even notices their kids aren't at home.  Too many don't even care . . .  
leaving in a few. HELLo school. I wanna go home 
Just came home from my dads.... I'm really really tired and I still have to do some work for school! 
Zaxbys with the family then home to study for spanish 3 exam 
home from maine. back to suckington! ah school tmrw 
driving home to do math homework 
got sent home by the school doctor....  they said I was sick but they say that to lots of kids who aren't sick
got meeting at school this morning and was going to sit in garden when i got home but someine has stolen my sunshine 
bearly got home   ugh need to wash clothes,shower,sleep and wake up early for summer school :@
school portal down  and me with my laptop on the sofa at home.
left gilmore girls at home! now what am I going to watch before bed 
just got home from school, sooooo tired!!!..... twitter break for a while gotta do lots of homework! 
just arrive home from school..err too many homeworks.. 
@lalameow  i wanted to go to school sooo boring in my house ((((
@noofnl ASS! better bored at home then at school 
Just got home from missing my college interview because my car broke down 
just got home from school!  i hate the programming thingy!! even the flowchart, i cant even understand it!
Just been sent home from school i am like ill 
i'm taking one exam and either going to lunch, or coming home and crashing.  still don't feel good &amp; still no phone. 
wishes her computer would work so she could do report cards from home instead of having to stay late at school.  
home from school :] i thinks it will thunder and lightning later 
home from school, now doing some work.. 
stayed home from school sick again 
I stayed home from school today. 
just came home from school... history and sports are sooo exhausting  gonne get some sleep now ;)
Wow...so I'm home this summer and just found out a good number of my friends are staying in college station. 
came home from school at 11:00 am sick 
I hate this town! I hate that school! And that people!  I want my home! And I want now!
I start driving school tonight, so I'm not getting home till 11p.m. 
im at school  doing home work   i have a lot to do  
just got home from summer school, personal finance- not fun. 
has anyone seen my dining room?  I've lost it amongst all the end of school stuff that came home    
@utkla all this time together reminds me of when u were little and how I couldn't wait till you got home from school miss you already 
Just got home from school. Telly will be gone till the weekend ... 
jack came home sick from school with a 102.8 fever.... 
home from work. nap then school wk  rinse then repeat tom. 
wants to go to school but my mom told me that I should stay in the house since i have cough and cold. 
is off to bed, school, home, studying for exams 
is at home sick ... but still doing school work via the internet 
back to school by 1.30 pm, go home by 2.30 then be back again at 5.30.. quite tiring.. 
So i just got home from school. and it completley sucked  exams please be over already.
@Henaxxru hva fun at hom? I DON'T wanna go to school but my dads at home so I kinda have to  x
just got home from school.. wasn't a good day.. 
at university again, should do something for my classes but don't want to...should do it now instead of tonight at home...need more sleep 
@chotda wellll... all school kids returning from melbourne have to stay home for 7 days. kid's missing school photo tmr! 
at school  cant go home till 6pm
just came home from school.. and im sooo tired.. 
At school going home in a mo tho 
@sweetemmaxxx you miss me, and no internet at home  so can only tweet in college, or on mobile so no @ replys, lol so hows you?
Just got home from school. I'm so tired. 
@leeanne_tom at least you're at school so u have something to do! im at home bored 
14;15 going to home... now going to the classroom... 
Ive got school until 1:00, and then our visitors (family) are leaving 
only went in for exam then came home  still ill !
aaahh my girls went home already me lonely lonely 
just got home from class. tired and sleepy. 
just got home. iv singed up for a school play  but im regretting it now as i  hav to sing a hard song 4 a part..... 
i wanna go to my friends festival, but i need to stay at home studing math 
school work cleaning house 
Just got home from middle school. A girl thought I was my sister. She looked so happy to see me. 
just got home from school and doesn't fit in becuase haley is changing because of azia  
At home doing coursework 
is going home to work on homework 
stayed home from school today  i am siiiiiick
yesss just got home from school...these long days are killing me 
just got home from my first exam, so sleepy 
I made dinner for @tokyopop24 and I, and she still isn't home yet from school  I'm worrrried 
i am home from school and cate aint on msn  i am soo bored
just got home from school. i'm so tired 
im home sick from school  yesterday was so humiliating  xxx
just waiting for my family to come back home... missing our exchange students from wales 
@AxelleVanVliet yeah i have to work after school ASWELL (((( i have 4.5 hours til i am allowed home 
is goin to write her exam then coming home.... sick  
upset stomach.. glued to home when d exams are rite on top of my head 
so my dads really trying to rope me in. preparing a large incentive package in order to make me come home for school. ughhh 
got home from my friends end of the school year party cried so much leaving middle school so sad 
home from school (: why is it when i sign on xbox everyone signs off! :O  lol Cannoeing was a laugh =P
On the bus home from school - one of the longest days of my life 
wooohh!! what a day!!? so drained up..from school..  anyway..at home..FINALLY.&lt;3
@wendykbaby i took a bunch, just havent had time to upload it. got home late and now im at work and i have school later 
sat at home doing college work 
home early with a 102 fever (only symptom) &amp; will have to miss work tomorrow--the kiddos' graduation 
just got out of school. so sad cuz it was the end of the year. i was crying when i got home. miss  all my friends. 
is at home, doing science coursework  but will be worth it if i win the money 
school. the house is boring without elise lol 
i'm home sick  but at least exams are over now XD
@natashagomes1 ahh i didnt buy it yet i havent left the house since school yesterday 
home from school, sick again 
Home from my graudtion... What a sad but hot day  I already miss my friends from my 2nd school
Home from school sick and mum has me cooking for her &amp; her friend! How is this fair!? 
i was sent home from school coz i'm still sick  though i wish i was with you guys, happy birthday to my soft cheeks @mitchsanchez!
Just got home from school. OMGG my ipod was playing up 
@aymes80. As a victim I feel this is too close 2 home. I took kids 2 safety&amp; she movin out 2nite She was so bad couldn't move out of bed 
home early cuz i have school tomorrow 
home from school, obviously netball training soon and i really cbf but i suppose i have to dont i  ohwell a bit angry right now dunno why?
good afternnon people. just cam back home from school. im tired.. 
parents are encouraging me to work in an int law firm in spore  how do i convince them that i want to be  based at home?
@chellewhiz dude.. i TOTALLY new it was your birthday yesterday, I was even thinking it on my way home from school! I'm sorrrry  Celts..ha
@chellewiz dude.. i TOTALLY new it was your birthday yesterday, I was even thinking it on my way home from school! I'm sorrrry  Celts..ha
Just got home ... (from school)... bunch of homeworks again... 
i don't like coming home from school 
One of my best friends was sent home from school because she had a fever. She didn't have it when she went to her school in the morning. 
home from schoool with headache   revising forrr examm tomorowww :/
ill be home soon...  class.
is at school again and i am still grounded form the computer at home i dont know why but i was for 4 months now 
Just home from school, it's raining outside 
@snazzzy714 I used to stay home from school to play the first group, it really is addicting. my dad wouldn't buy me the sims 2 
omg i rared be at school than at home any day 
home from italy. i'm so sad i'll probably never those kids again 
bored at home waiting for another exam 
just got home from school. need to finish retail group assignment 
Yeaay woohoo tomorrow's saturdayyyyyy... But I still have to go to school  can't the result be seen at home?
off school sick  mum refused to let me go to school as i came home early yesterday. i still get to go out tonight though! 
just got home from school because of finalls weekend starts early for me yaya... movies later and five guys then gillys for the last time 
visiting my parents for diner then back home to do some hardcore homework. reports has to be finished on monday. 
i just got home from my last day of middle school! it's sooo sad  but i have to get my gown on now and put on a happy face!
Now I'm at home again, but I'm still fit and wanted to celebrate with my boy but I need to go because it was the last bus which drove  sad
just got home from school. i hate saturday classes. 
home, got to see my old frieends and old teachers 
exam then by the time I was done the buses were leaving so I had to walk home 
Sitting at home working on homework. I wish grad school would be over soon. Only a year and a half to go. 
Just got home from school the simulado was hard 
i hate when schools over for me but not for my friends, now i have to sit home and do nothing 
On the bus heading home. I miss all my campers 
got home yestreday from student life 
A migraine after 6 hours of dance: lovely! Going home soon to (I assume) not too happy parents, seeing as grade came home... 
got home from oreillys and it is raining... might write a song, if i have time... lena doesn't have school cause of swine flu - unfair 
asdfghjkl. just got home from camp. haha. graduation party got radded. 
home! and might miss school tomorrow to avoid a relapse 
@PauiSoAwesome are you serious?! that's so whackkk  you stayed home doing traffic school crap!?
Leaving state college...boo.   going home for the papa's day.
just reached home! gg t school tmrw, sad only! 
just getting home from school at half nine at night is not cool people 
wishes students coming home from overseas stop importing H1N1 into our shores 
just got back home from an hour drive from school. So sick and skipping class because of it. 
just got home from school. gotta work and cut my nails 
i came home early from school didn't feel well 
@thinkthinkers @MrsDesperate - They are 5 and 3. One is home sick from preschool, so that's not a help either 
Just got home. Going to eat dinner and hitting the books again  I forgot how stressful &amp; restless summer school can be.
home from school watching mcfly so loud table is vibrating lol, besties made me laugh so hard 2day i cramped  lol
home from school ready to go to bed  is it friday yet
One more day of school term, &amp; I might miss it  my girl's still sick &amp; we're stuck home together; at least we're together oxox
Home early from school but I have to go back. I finished at 10:51 and I have to go back for 2:22. I have to leave in about 20 minutes 
@heyyitskate cause i go to a chinese school? lol. idk. maybe they just want to waste time. lol. i mean we like go home at 5:15pm 
home from school. have to learn so much 
i hate waking up this early and going home really late from school 
just got home from school (: meant to be getting my hair cut .. but i cbf. lol dancing soon 
just got home from work  @f_florentina  heyyyy, how was the phoro studio thinggy? you coming to school tomorrow?
i'm home from school, yay!  wasn't that bad actually, and i had a nice dinner with graceeeeee.
stayed home from school today. got a new stove. haha 
let's let the day begin... more job searching and waiting for my son to get home from school 
just came back home from the kindergarten  now chillin, then driving lesson at 6:00pm! woohoo !! =D
Babysitting my favorite boys. Then coming home and reading. 
Going home, showering, packing, maybe hanging out with people do a bit   then back to school :/
staying at home like the good girls do 
back home for lunch!  than school again =(
soo tired ... school and then home 
is sat at home bored :'( wishin for sumit to dooooo  awwww well college wednesday 
just got home from school  Beautifull weather today..
Working from home.. Kids finally went back to school  Still stressing about the closing on my new house.
off to school for double economics then home for lunch 
just came back home from girl's place... now preparing for university but first breakfest 
on my way home from school  lol in my car and so tired!
big shout out to all my home girls you know who you are 
home from school today 
@sillyyak11 haha well have fun at school! I'm gonna be sittin' at home with my italian restaurant by my side 
stayed home from school today   doctors sooooon.
home from school now. watching that '70 show 
@SimplyStar I got sent home from school in 4th grade for having hiccups for 2 days.  Peanut butter took them away!  
Home from school, getting changed, eating a bowl of custard then I am off to the office until 9:00. Yay I have a wonderful life and job 
I was too tired to go to school.  I'm enjoying the comfort of my own home. 
1/2 yearly exams at school, so annoying. home now though 
going to school now grrrrrrrr lol coming home at dinner tho  xx
on my way to school then home 
is at college  can't wait to get home
soooo tired....off to school to teach kids and then back home to sleep 
at home  doing english homework xD... school was sooo boring
Just got home from my commencement, I graduated college! 
home tried college tomo urgh nearly summer 
home!! no school tomorrow.. yay for teacher strike 
school.. home later.. i love you! &lt;3 
going home from tha school 
back home.. passed my exam 
Just came home from the school. 
home early from college. 
home from college. had lunch and watched scrubs and gilmore girls. chilling now 
back @home from school, but i'm bored.. so i look to the pica's of my following. 
Heey! I'm home now from school. Ended the school one hour earlier.. 
Enduring a long home-renovation holiday. But sharing wonderful experience with kids/family is priceless. 
@Mileyc1fan im 15  and ive just come home frm school lol  its craazyy that your just going and im leaving lol x
got home from school,now staying at linas house no more school this week 
i am @home again  after a long schoolday
Preparing to take my parents to borispol and home. I need a drink 
at home not at school until 5th period 
is getting ready, school, and then kyle's house 
chilling at home with heather teaching her to read  
back home ;D! german exam was piss! talk to me on the band profile 
Going to school for graduation practice then home! 
is done with high school and is at home relaxing now 
I stayed home from school! Now i can watch one tree hill and the O.C! 
@metaphoricxeyes hi  im@school rn -_- english class  and last period  going home soooooooonnn YAY! 
just got home from school. had to train it. carried 6 fucking subjects all the way. my back hurts. oh hey pickmeup, kfc in my bag 
just got home from school a few hours ago 
Just got home from school, we only had 2 hours 
