Most common words for this cluster:
[('hope', 1516), ('day', 235), ('today', 121), ('u', 108), ('time', 100), ('morning', 89), ('good', 83), ('night', 81), ('everyone', 73), ('weekend', 70), ('x', 54), ('tomorrow', 53)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Hope', 0.929844081401825), (u'Actress_Christine_Lahti', 0.6588396430015564), (u'Overeaters_Anonymous_##:##-##:##', 0.6335912346839905), (u'Scott_Modeen', 0.6245608925819397), (u'PORT_HOPE_Port', 0.6151894927024841), (u'Paris_xoxo', 0.608678936958313), (u'M._Novosad', 0.6062838435173035), (u'K._Deonauth', 0.5984188318252563), (u'Young_\u2022_hyoung@thenewsstar.com', 0.5981901288032532), (u'Offertory_hymn', 0.5937150120735168)]





@PhillyD Awe it always sucks when you cant sleep in your own bed  Hope your dad gets better he is in my prayers .
I'm having a panic attack, so I can't sleep. Distracting myself with TV and internet. Hope this goes away soon 
@bethanjenkins check out #pman all kicking off in Moldova. Hope people ok 
@dastevens - Yikes! Stay in bed and forget the weather. Hope you get to feeling better.  Poor you!
Hope someone is having spring weather because it's snowing in TC right now 
Hope to ride first TT of the year, Bangor 5, if I can get away from work in time, looks like rain too 
The Red Shore and ent will make this Tuesday a little more enjoyable...but that's after class  Hope I make it...
@Aje_in_Regina Hope you feel better son! It sucks being sick 
I havent been home since xmas break. lm a lil homesick  Faith.Hope.LOVE
@KatyLinda Wow! Kudos 2 U.  4yrs &amp; 3 mos.? Hope Ur 4yr old gets btr 2day 
Is it the weekend yet??? No??? Bugger!  Hope it gets here soon lol
in bed getting ready for my last night at Camp Hope 
@GraftFinder Hope you enjoy Deliberate Acts of Kindness. Note the weird shelving designation. As a newbie author, I didn't catch it. 
@irebo Will try... but am all  still, so we will see! Hope yours is better!
@pjrea Haha! Hope you're enjoying the Easter Break, doesn't last for much longer. 
ooooh tonight not goin as well as planned   gonna hav a bath &amp; try chillax. Hope everyone else is enjoyin their Sat nights!!
@lizwoolly @LouiseBrig @alansheppard Thank you. Hope to hit sleep soon, but have a tooth dilemma going on 
@Jen_Niffer Hope it's nothing serious with your mom. 
@KATaylor007 Wish I could go with you    I am not going on the cruise. Hope you have fun! Have enough for me, too.
@SandiHockeyMom and @sarah_connors Hope you guys had a great time following Stanley Cup play tonight (I had too much work to do)! 
@cndmndrgn thanks! I was so happy to see SF today! yay home! but I'm still sad to not be at Camp Hope with my homies anymore 
Totally sick but all the cold/flu medicine is missing!  Taking some daytime pills. Hope these don't have caffeine I them. So sleepy
@kdiezpina Hope you're feeling better!!  Good news. I have a new hairstyle for us! Show you tomorrow at lunch I'll bring some yummy soup
It's late and I can't sleep. Bf pissed me off... Not good.    Early morning and a long day ahead of me... Hope to sleep soon!!!
woke up with pins and needles in her right hand - but it got better when she dangled it over the bed.  Carpel tunnel?  Hope not pregnant 
@guyoseary Hope Madonna is ok, the paparazzi go to ridiculous lengths and compromising someone's safety is disgusting 
@boomstickplease  Sad times, sad times indeed. Hope everything is ok.
I don't feel like revising!  I want to go out! It looks well nice! Hope it's hot! Get a kickabout on the go!
 Hope all is well in the Kill Hannah camp.
@abilovesjesus I'm sorry.   Hope you get better soon!  Love you!
@MochaMom365 Thank you very much for the follow friday! Hope you're having an awesome Sunday! Its pouring down rain here 
Woke up sick  Hope work is easy!
@alexleebehan Just saw you couldn't make it to the Sun Run.  Hope Jaxon feels better. Wish I could be there to help out.
@dannywood So jealous!! I am in Chicago at it is 55 and rainy   Hope u enjoy ur time off! Can't wait for summer and I get to meet u guys!
@this_is_Aiden Rubbish  Hope you are okay!
@BraeScotland Morning  Hope you had a lovely weekend! No news on missing Romany....very sad 
@Tara_Rose Yeh I've noticed the Buzzen is down  I woke up and was told that the Buzzen is down  Hope it won't be too long til it's up
@whatdoisell Hi Lisa, I can't log in to WDIS  submitted a support ticket. waiting for reply. Hope to get back in soon
@coriannh are you on the plane that's been hijacked in Jamacia? Hope you haven't been he'll hostage with a chocolate gun 
@dannywood Good morning!  Hope you have a great day.  Wish I could have started my day out right @ the gym, but my baby is sick. 
@reflective Missing you girl.  Hope you are having a great time with the fam though...
 bit disapponted with new DM album. Hope it's a grower.
Then off into the wide world. Wonder where we'll end up? Hope not the Northern Territory 
Hope JSL is feeling better. 103 last night scared me &amp; made me feel bad for &quot;deserting&quot; him &amp; my wife to go to my grandmother's funeral. 
@tommcfly goodluck on your tour. Play your heart out, Cant wait 4 the next time ur in OZ Hope you have Fun Touring! so whish i was going 
@astonwest Good to see you and @clhunter68 tonight! Hope her headache goes away soon  and good luck with the reading @meadscorner tomorrow
is on the way to Aberdeen to build a Hope Not Hate float for the Torcher Parade, but am without phone 
@staceyramos (re:flu) Are u serious? I haven't heard that one (poss planned)...WOW! Hope you are ok. Its close to us here too 
I've had a cold for the past 3 days  Hope it isn't Swine Flu!!! Need to get better for @cchana stag!!!!
Hope it rains really don't want 2 go 2 a soccer game @ 5:00 p.m.! It is going 2 b so HOT!!! 
Rise and shine everyone ! Hope the sun will come out today !! 
Wondering why I keep receiving status change notes on almost all my Amazon orders lately. Hope none gets cancelled again... 
@bheiibaby Good night! Wait for my tweets as I watch the fight live. Hope it won't be delayed. 
@EmmaPham FLN, weeknights, I believe 11 and 12. Hope you have the right cable package--I don't 
Im sorry I missed out on the Post Secret/Hope Line Fund Raiser. 
The Spirit of Gravity (over time) -- is the Devil which returns to Silence -- the plucked Resonance -- the Hope -- of the Spirit's Song 
@SOTCC  You went to the Amber Pacific//Fight Fair show tonight at Chain?! Awesome! Hope it was good. I had no ride from LBC to Anaheim. 
Harmony in house has been disrupted indoor cat got locked out all night now is running around beating the other cat and then dog  noisy
Hope &amp; Bo from Days Of Our Lives are in Melly and i cant go see dem  lol
got home and was not greeted by Bret. Hope he is okay and is just of gallivanting and has not been run over or something 
Morning already.  Slept pretty good.  Ready for a new day.  Hope my sister is going to be ok.  She is really sick &amp; she is scaring me. 
@velvetmorning I'm starting to really miss you  Hope to have some time for MSN tonight or tomorrow, not sure though -.-
@brisaya aww  Bless you! Hope you feel better soon chick! *hugs* xxx
Better dreams last night, thankfully. Hope I was wrong this time. 
Clock got put back an hour somehow. Missed journey today  sorry @journeychatt !! Hope everything is going great!
@ChammyGrrl Ack!  *huggles* Hope you feel better soon.
Ugh Horribly sick. Sent out Charlie for some medicine. Hope I'm better soon. 
@MarkChavez that's too bad.  we got early start this AM and am now sleepy. Hope lunch wakes me up.
@dougiemcfly nawwh sounds bad  Hope you're ok Dougie! Your physio might have hurt you but the pic was still hot ;)
Oh man what a week SEEN had. 16 events! Hope we can fit them all in tuesday's paper- the pictures might be smaller than usual 
@mynameismo Eep! Hope ya got something for that! 
Finally got the eBay auctions up and running. Hope someone bites soon, I'm running out of time to make my car payment. 
Headed for unload location near Chicago. I hear this place is a real nightmare. Hope I don't get any tickets or get in a wreck 
Hope everything will be alright in Nepal 
Busy preparing to attend Bio2009 - Atlanta.  Hope flu situation improves by then 
was up half the night with Halle. Beginnings of both strep and an ear infection. 
Hope everyone had a great weekend. I'm looking forward to the Camaro launch this wed. Hope everyone can make it. Bulls Lost 
@Wossy splinters are bad  Hope you did manage to remove them
2 more hours til Freedom! Brazil never got back 2 me so i guess i will b home tonight! Money is limited  Hope every1s good this Sat nite!
@itsmemorphious man she looks bad Carlos. Hope she gets better. 
Hope's this flu goes so i can start podcasting again   Voice does not sound too good :-/
I miss Cookie.Hope he is surrounded by family love and resting. 
@TalesOfSaku Very sorry to hear that.  Hope your grandmother recovers soon!
Looks like trouble over at UML. Bunch of cops and students standing on the bridge looking over. Hope nobody jumped  #LT
 getting ready to leave for work. There are other ways Id like to spend my day. Hope your feeling better! x
@Namiie great movie. A little sad though  i'm waking up at 9:30 and meeting with Joanna at 11. Hope to see you. Muah good night &lt;3
@mfhorne  Bless..Hope things get better!! x
@Old_reprobate Bet poor lad was cold and frightened tho'  Hope there's not usual kneejerk reaction stopping others enjoying great outdoors
@SimplyStar Good morning Star. Hope your day is nice so far. Rainy and cold here. 
Enjoyed Mother's day with my momma and the ones I love!  Hope everyone had a good weekend... I hate Mondays 
Hurt my wrist helping the g'parents.  Hope it feels better in the morning.
I am now playing Ikariam....I saw David Archuleta earlier in Eat Bulaga and Sis...Hope to see him some time but I don't have a ticket... 
Twas in a bad place last night  Hope todays going to be better, but i doubt it
@DavidArchie Thanks for coming to the Phil.! I wasn't able to watch you on TV today though  Hope you enjoy your stay here. 
I cried so much cause Danny left &amp; cause u cried  sad night.Hope u feel better,he's a winner 2 &amp; will have a successful career.Love u xoxo
@Beccalou37 Aww sorry to hear you have lost your job  Hope you find something new soon. I know how hard it is at the min. Enjoy your skate
@tommcfly not me  I'm stuck on me lonesome in Southampton (but normally dont live too far away from MK) Hope you feel better soon. xx
Dreary day...wish I could've stayed in bed. Hope to get some rest this weekend. Today is the 2nd anniversary of my lil brother's passing. 
Ugh, got a call from my 8 mon preg sis in law she has Bell's Palsy.  I had it last yr. (tweeted about it) Hope it goes away fast 4 her.
@DavidArchie I want a meet and greet with you..  You're greater than ever!! INDESCRIBABLE! AMAZING!  Hope to meet you.. ((
is a coughing sore throaty mess. Slept in the van at the show a couple times today. Hope tomorrow is better. Swallowing = pain 
@JonathanRKnight Wishing I was on that ship.  Hope you're have much fun - miss you! &lt;3
@JonathanRKnight Wishing I was on that ship.  Hope you're having much fun - miss you! &lt;3
I'm cleaning out my laptop as I am handing it over to someone else tomorrow.  Goodbye laptop  Hope hubby buys me another one soon!
@Schau4 dang it! sorry for everything. Hope you feel better. 
Off to help with the car-parking at the Watercress Festival. Hope the weather won't put too many people off. 
Feel like I have a hangover and I wasnt even drinking last night! How is that fair!! Hope I ament getting that bug thats going about 
@mossyrants Me too   Hope all is going as well as it could be under the circumstances. Your pink hair is gorgeous btw 
Am finding it very difficult and painful to walk. Hope my ankle gets better soon 
Got my paper done... Hope I do good on it... i don't like accounting 
@Linda_Sgoluppi Thanks, but no, I didn't. Got another shot of insomnia  Hope will be able to sleep tonight...
Just bought slimaluma and acai. Will report in a month how they are going.  Hope my overdraft holds out 
@Forbesfarm I'm sorry   Times are really tough just now.  Hope things pick up for you VERY soon.
@Jchawes hubby and I love the show!! Steve and Tango crack us up.  Hope this is really u and not some twitter fake...they're everywhere 
At home recovering after business travel. Back in HK this week. Weather hot and sticky  Hope Jen Delgado has some good news ahead
@KezzieN  I'm sorry for you ! Hope you'll feel better later !Take some pills,you'll see some change in a bit.Enjoy your weekend !Hugs day
At work  At least its a nasty outside since I'm stuck here doin hair on this rainy day.Missin the Arts Festival though.Hope every1 is ok.
@heatherofficial Hope you made sure you specified the vegan miso soup! Won't make that mistake again!  L x
@bc0035 Hope you feel better soon  .  Enjoy listening in to your meeting!
RAINING  Hope it's nice tomorrow for going down the bing  Music Lesson tomorrow : s Haven't practiced (As ussual)
sorry folks, looks like i was cut from Family Guy tonight. Hope you enjoyed it anyway. 
#musicmonday Green Day 21st Century Breakdown. My sister bought for us to share but she isn't home yet  Hope she remembered..
@didyna @vitsky Hope you both alright, lovelies... Kok sering bgt sih tanah disitu goyang2 
MBP console's been showing disk io errors all w/e. Now won't boot  replacement seems likely. Hope I can recover some data...
Morning all, cant believe the weekend is over  Time for shower and rushing around....@RyanSeacrest Hope everyone is ok on the west coast!
just heard about the Earthquake in LA,Hope evryone+evrything are safe 
Could not talk properly to anybody in office today... Bad mouth ulcers right on the tongue  . Hope things will be better tomorrow.
Good morning twitterverse! Gettin ready to start a fun work week here.   Hope you are having a good day so far!!
Good morning folks. Hope everyone slept well. Had damn heartburn all night. DW says no more pizza for me 
Physio later  Hope all is well?
I'm sorry that I haven't been able to do all my good mornings today  busy morning.. Hope u all have a fabulous day!! God bless
@amypalko Really looking forward to tonight.  Hope I can sneak in a 45 minute nap after work though   Knackered.
Throat still feels like gravel  Also feeling run down. Taking some over the counter cold medication. Hope I feel better soon!
@Pippi43 wow you're lucky girl! I hope 2 see them 1 day...i've 2 keep waiting 4 my dream 2 come true  : Hope u have a great time!
@pezholio  Hope you're better soon. Lotsa fluids. Take it easy.
@vickytcobra Aw!  Take care of yourself. Hope you feel better soon.
Oh dear - tears on phone this arvo from 5 y/o playing at friends place - she'd ripped her new dress from Grandma.   Hope I can fix it!
@Mamy_B Hope you keep popping back to Leeds once ur in Uddersfield. Or bring us up there! I miss my birthplace 
@paulmonkey  sorry you have a meeting  Hope you and @danmonkey have a wonderful weekend.  Must get together soon. xxx
I wish I didn't fuckin ADHD..maybe then I wouldn't have such a problem takin tests  Hope I do good on my Sociology test...
Hope my friends who work for BA keep their jobs.. 
@sleemol Whereabouts are you? It's pretty touch and go around Toowong, it really depends on your area. Hope you're not on a contract! 
@jayteebee  Nightmare. Hope you get back home soon and the 'device' was nothing serious.
Someone got hit by a car at the corner of Commonwealth and Glebe. Hope it wasn't a kid, but I think it was. 
@StaceyNorton I ahve to work from 2-10 on Saturday at LKTYP  Hope the Fort York party is a blast!
@HildeM_EN Are you sick now?  Hope you enjoy your day love! xoxo
T is so sick  Hope Dr. has a magic shot or pill for her. http://twitpic.com/5otnr
Very bad accident @ Preston + Travis downtown this AM with a flipped over SUV. Hope they were wearing a selt belt. 
@niftynique Ugh!   Hope the BBQ goes well without rain! 
@HOTLabRescue SO jealous!! Our friends live right near County Line-- wish we could have some over the holiday  Hope you &amp; the labs enjoy!
@MGiraudOfficial Awww Matt. I was kinda waiting to see you duet with someone... So bummed that you didnt.  Hope youre ok, do a duet soon!
Computer problems ... again! Major operating system woes that won't let me even open a browser. Hope it's not a virus. 
Hope the weather holds though  It is Ireland after all
on a break at practice. Stole my phone. Hope i dont get caught haha 30 more minutes. My legs feel like rocks 
@Hope_Isabel rightt, we run then we run for some chicken nuggets  lol story of my lifeee
@TraceCyrus rlly?? Sad, betcha Miley and Noah dont want you gone   Hope to see you in Japan or Philippines tho!!  Stay safe!
@melissabrooke34 That sucks, Mel! Hope you don't get too sick! 
@mollycyr Maybe. Hope TX has good libraries.  
@Fourthman Best of luck.   Hope everything work out for the best.
That sucks, @Shanti509.   Hope you start feeling better...
@tommcfly Yesterday I was out of the hotel and just saw you so far. But today was incredible! Hope I'll can give to you a hug tomorrow 
Today is the big Day...I Hope I Dont fall infront of everyone  im gna miss everyone soooo much 
Up early got a long drive to London this morning.  Hope the traffics okay on the way. Got a bit of work to do when I get back 
@novacomics Hey! Greetings from California!  Comic con san diego is sold out! Major Bummer  Hope you are all well
Morning world, the sun seems to have gone away, maybe to Majorca or some other popular tourist spot. Hope it comes back soon 
@steve228uk Awh I forgot you had the pox  Hope you get better soon!
@Jayce_Kay Morning! Hows your day. Hope you're not another lying in the sun 
Forgot to set the alarm for a 6am ride  Hope I can get in a few easy miles after work.  Tomorrow: racin' the Gap!
@Kainz_UK I'll hopefully get a chance to play it tomorrow. Hope it's good otherwise I've wasted so many points 
Not feeling too good at ALL, about to head to work from 12-5.  Not a bad shift, just not fun when you don't feel well! Hope it goes FAST
Frank from UPS' last day today...  sad to see him go   best delivery guy EVER!  Hope the new guy is NOT a fucktard...
@manderbeth aw, no! feel better Mandy! Hope you aren't getting sick  At least we know a nurse, hehe!
Rough start to my day.  Taking this one off from DON so as not to spread my bad vibes. Hope you all have a great weekend! I'm outty.
@jy6 looking forward to your mandarin album.  Hope that you will come Singapore again  
@mileycyrus  they closed the voting...all u can vote for now is best movie  Hope you win it! My 4 y/o Daughter lovesss 2 sing &quot;The Climb&quot;
Doctor then work. Hope you bitches have fun at the conditions show without me 
@LindseyJaffe Loved the shoutout on TweetHampton, congrats!! Hope you're feeling better, i missed you last weekend 
@gfalcone601 Britain's Got Talent? Such a cute little girl. Feel so sorry for her!   Hope Simon finds the time! xx
Man tha mojitos from earlier got me feelin type funny. Hope I don't get sick  http://myloc.me/20DD
@MATTHARDYBRAND What is everyone saying about the supposed nude pics of Matt Striker? Hope he doesn''t get in trouble  
Sunburnt  Gutted! Hope it's faded by tmw!
really is missing her daughters in Haiti!  Wishing i could go back.
@MC_Craig_G Hope your enjoying the money..it's looking real good to me right now 
@MidgetheMutt voting for you Hope you are voting for me I am now a white blank with my name  mr Twitter and Funniset
@joyzaphine Ouch! Sunburn's bad! Hope it's not to sore on your bedding, that's always the problem. 
@nofearentertain Just read up on your Mom   Hope she's okay!!
@jordanknight off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! Hope ur well and got back safe,poor Jon  xx
Not feelin right. Hope the feeling passes. Stupid stomach. 
@vmarinelliRVA Parvo sucks. So sorry pup has it.  I lost a puppy to parvo many moons back. Still sad over it. Hope he's better soon
Aw, Zach wasn't feeling well  Hope he gets better. So babysitting was canceled.
@YarnThing Hope she turns up soon! Been there before and it's not fun 
@Docforkids awww, sorry you're not feeling well.    Hope u feel better real soon!!! Take it easy girl!! Rest.
@CandyKelii: Hope all is well...you get a few days after this show to breathe, right? Drink a Diet Coke for me, I just ran out. 
@MrPeterAndre Hope you're doing well, Pete. Wish you two would get back together. You love each other and the kids. They are lost. 
@jamiesugah exactly! And yeah, double shifts suck, especially on Saturdays.  Hope it goes easily, or as easily as possible.
Off to rehearsals on this beautiful sunny day! Hope we get to finish early today so I can enjoy some of the sun! Feel sleepy 
@JdotRose LOL. Nice. Hope she's worth it 
Ugh, things coming out of both ends on my birthday.    Hope it doesn't continue today (Sat.).
@Pink Hope you show goes great tonight, can't believe I'm missing it! 
Dammit, I have to take another break from the #asylm  Hope I won't miss TOO much!
@Amanda_Holden: Everton best win (: Hope the final goes well tonight at bgt, cannot believe another year and its finished again  x
@marns_ ugh  mine's eased off nicely, hope yours does too. What does one wear to a Tubes concert, btw?! Hope don't have to dress like Fee!
I suddenly feel like listening to some John Lurie. Too bad he can't make music anymore  Hope that changes.
@joyeuxmort, @poprawkz, @ridhiculous, @dinophile Thanks guys! Joe sorry I didn't catch you before you left  Hope your summer is great!
@marcusfoster1 aaaw Marcus  Hope you feel better soon!!!!
@BCourtneyWilson - Hope CoCo Brotha showed up 4 your interview. 
Morning &quot;Peeps&quot;! It's a beautiful 86; but I'll b in bed again  Hope u have a gr8 day, I'm guna try!
@ASOS_Amy oh no! Hope you're ok &amp; it didn't hurt too much.... 
@Soph4Soph oh no, what a horrid day  Hope tomorrow is better x
@nevesmommy You are way too funny there nevesmommy! Hope the shower is good. Really sad that I'm not there  Stirling is lonely
@Cup_Of_Katy Hope we don't spoilt it for you 
@Enigma32 oh man that sucks  Hope you feel better *hugs*
Sad moment today. Woman stomped a spider my 2 to daughter was admiring. Hope it didn't ruin her love of insects &amp; arachnids 
Waiting for the baseball game to start. Hope they play well... Bartlett's gonna be on the DL longer then originally thought, boo. 
@limecello  Hope it gets sorted out ASAP!
@dannygokey wow that must suck   Hope you will be heading to Asia soon :]
Just tye dyed a bed sheet for my history project! Hope it turns out well!! By back hurts now 
@carlamouzou http://twitpic.com/69dax -  I love you. Too bad I can barely see you... the lighting isn't that good.  Hope you're ha ...
Sitting at the animal hospital. Hope Cass is ok 
@Modelinia I looked for you but never found  Hope you had a blast too!
@activistchica You lost your wallet?!?!? Shit!!  Hope it's in your friends car!!!  
@TRC_Jessica Poor kids.    Hope they get back to normal!  Enjoy the new bed!!!
@introversimonDu Gutted I missed the first 20 mins! Proper hilarious tho. Hope it's repeated so I can see the full thing 
Hope @papagoth @mommagoth and @cthulia are ok, as there's a HUGE tornado just north of them in INDY, heading their way http://is.gd/Kh4g 
@tylerhilton you spelled Sacramento wrong  you're forgiven but I wish I knew you were playin here sooner! Hope sac does justice as a crowd
What a beautiful day! Hope it's not gonna rain  Perfect time for a delicious donut ^^ . Enjoy your weekend.
Bringing Rebel to see his Dr today. Hope he's ok. 
Feelin a little woozy! Hope I'm not gettin sick 
@KillerKara I have had a Migraine all day. lol. It sucks.  Hope yours goes away soon.
Finally out of the traffic and moving. Saw the car. The almost entire back was gone nd tney windshield was smashed. Hope people are ok 
I &lt;3 Patricia, even though she's mad at me.  Hope you feel better darlin........... 
Came back from church.... now i have a afternoon hockey game! Hope we win!! lost 3 games in a row. Not Happy 
Hope ur friend is ok...I'm heading home from yoki's. Gotta work in the morn... 
@Chet_Cannon aw man that blows!   Hope u feel better!
@blueholly  Hope you have plenty of Aloe handy.
Making chocolate self saucing pudding. @mellalicious indicated needed to drink wine. Cork fail. Hope not a bad omen 
Was not a good day     Hope tomorrow is a better day.
morning all. Its another gorgeous start to a day here in Glenrothes-apart from being up early  Hope you have a wonderful &amp; blessed Sunday
ohh noo.The room is spinning.  Hope I don't meet Earl Boykins tonight.
@rhysatwork @dsko @beet09 @ausi1 Hope you guys are all going well with your #NET12 assignments...I'm trying to cut 34,354 down to 3,435 
At St Pancras. I have credit card, wife has joint account debit card. Think most bookings made on my joint debit. Problematic? Hope not 
@cdlowell Sadly, I have you beat.   hehe  Hope you're well, bro! Night
@hannahpoulton sorry to hear that. Hope your not as stressed now?drove 2 my parents,  they are now driving to Portsmouth as my aunt died 
@GoldCoastGirl High five for THAT!  Hope the housing search improves. It's brutal out there atm. 
Have that I'm missing the sun today. Hope to feel better later. 
Work...can't wait til tuesday. Day off. Hope this day goes by quick. Soo sweepy. 
@ToastedFrenchie Morning! ur totally right about that, it was nightmare, but it still felt amazing 2 b with him  Hope u have a GREAT day!
safe travels lady !! hope its not too freezing for you.. like .. seriously  @MissPhoenixxx Hope your flight goes well.. love you a ton Xx
@Al3x4nd3rR Eye not really better  Hope it won't get worse, don't have time to go to the doctor until Wednesday
Lost my 8GB jump drive  Hope there was nothing special on it. What do you do to keep from losing yours? Keychain?
Missed BEA completely this year because I'm still sick as a dawg.  Hope you're all having a good time!
@cranky_pants Good to see you yesterday! Hope you're not making buttercream frosting again all day 
@Zatannna Nice ! I made a t-shirt with my coat of arms on it , but the washing machine ruined it !  Hope you get to sell yours ! 8)
Hope kojima's teaser reveals a new metal gear solid, just hope it's not for PSP, or I'll have to buy one 
Ripley hurt himself again. Hope it's only a bumped front leg... 
@LouLou699 Seriously I have a clown's mouth!!! The skin's all dry around my mouth and my top lip is effed. Hope I can get appt for Tues 
I have given up on my original account ( @ImJoeDaddyBitch ). Twitter has unexplainably locked me out. Hope it never happens to you...   
@geohowell Cheers George! I am very surprised to see you on twitter! Hope your half term is going ok, what with all the revision 
@DawnofOURnight Hope you feel better   Chicken noodle soup and lots of rest. . .
@jordanknight Was supposed to see you guys today in West Palm tonight.  Hope we get to make it up sometime!
Need to put a leash on my Sony camera; can't find it anywhere  Hope I didn't lose it, tho this might be just the excuse I need to upgrade.
Time to roll out! Hope my bag doesn't get mushed 
@REGYATES Happy Birthdayyyy  Hope it was great day! You were terribly missed today on the chart show 
@inexorabletash OHNO! I missed it  Hope it's on again!
@rabbitmatch Hope you find a home. I am in Iowa so I cannot come and rescue you 
Reading Hope Leslie, doing laundry, wishing i could be poolside 
Hope everyone had an AWESOME weekend... Gone too soon... Monday here we come 
The weather is cold today in Montreal...  Hope tmo will be better... Still feeling the bike ride yesterday in my legs...
Sprained or broke my foot at a street fest yesterday. Hope it gets better by next weekend for the shows. Sitting down is not rock &amp; roll 
@Jei87 I'm sorry.  Hope you feel better soon.
Woke up all cold-ish from my nap. Hope I don't get sick! 
Came away from Olympia Sports with 2 pr soccer shorts (YES!) &amp; lacrosse stick for my tall &amp; skinny kiddo.  Hope he won't be a mean jock. 
Aspro Clear - yuck. Hope it helps my throat though  stupid cold...
Love my pigtail girl dolls but, finding them too hard to stuff without getting lumpy. Hope I don't have to retire them. 
my facebook keeps playing up darn thing keeps exiting on me. Hope its fixs itself soon!. Sob sob lol. 
@Wolfgang_  sorry to hear dat. Hope ur mom gets well soon.
Can't find my iPod.    Searching high &amp; low.  Hope I didn't toss it by accident w/ all the weekend cleaning.  Drats!
4am just woke up..ugg hate when this happens. Hope I can go back to sleep again before alarm goes off.  Still have my perpetual headache 
@Serendipi Ouchy  Hope they get you sorted out, sounds like a nightmare! I love the sunshine!
@clarissabelle Hope you got back ok? Sunny up there? Back to work for you  At least you don't have to queue for the bathroom, ha!
Sewer blocked at home - again    Hope they come quickly to clear it
Back to work. The air con is stinking. Hope they don't find the bodies up there 
Jennifer-Good Monday morning everyone. Hope you had a great weekend. Mine was typical of a Cleveland sports fan. THERE'S ALWAYS NEXT YEAR 
Neck still hurts, like if there is a heater inside it.  Hope 2morrow this thing gets fixed
 Luck is not on my side today!! I'm in a serious trouble.......Hope I can solve it tomorrow.
it's now officiall that Veneman leaves Hoegee  Hope he finds another (competitive!) ride soon!
A plane from Rio to Paris is missing. Hope that nothing bad happened. 
Good news my 360d is still under warnty.  All I have to do is do some printing and phone up UPS now.  Hope it will not take to long.  PS3 
Hope Mom does ok at work today with her hurt knee  I also hope my car decides to not be a douche this morning so I can get to work...
On my way to the Kandinsky exhib. Hope to find a pharmacy open on the way so I can purchase something strong for backache 
@JessicaPinup Does it mean you're not gonna be in Manila?!  Aww.. Hope you get well sooner. The Dolls aren't gonna be the same w/o you. 
Oh dear, that's sad @aral @rellyab. Kids on board too. Hope there's survivors. BBC says it'd be out of fuel by now http://tr.im/lostplane 
@TweetRamona It's not very good. Muscle ache, blisters on my feet and the burned skin is hurting.  Hope you have a better one!
Hey guys, dont know if im gonna tweet2day. Feeling a bit blue  but might come back on in an hour or so...Hope ur all ok, lots of luv xxx
Hope every one had a great weekend!  Rainy Mondays are not fun 
Didn't do as well in Secured as I hoped.  Hope 1st Amendment treats me well!!!
@matthoughton How is your revision going mate. Hope you're enjoying the sun too (Mother Nature KNOWS we've got exams  ) Take care mate. x
@thehoosiersuk No Peanut  Hope she's ok xxxx
hate going to work in this heat! i wouldn't mind so much if it was working week 2 days weekend 5 days...Hope Peanuts ok 
I'm a BIG Fan of Ryan Sheckler, and i have every product of his. I wanted to meet him in London  Hope i get to meet you soon Ry. Peace.
@tommcfly Today I'll back to the hotel to try see you.Hope I can... that's so important to me.I just wanna a hug  It's my last opportunity
I really don't like school anymore!  can't wait till this shit is over! Hope I Graduate! Lol
@que_day26 aawww,  I'm sorry Que. Hope you find him!
Saw a cute raccoon mom and babies this weekend crossing street. Saw a dead raccoon in same spot today. Hope it is not that same mom. 
Nice workout on the treadmill. Sun is trying to come out.Mandatory water regulations went into effect for us today  Hope my roses survive.
@thehoosiersuk Awww Peanut  Hope he's okay. Once my mums cat got attacked by another cat and that caused its death a few months later 
Ubiquity is cross platform, sorry about that. Currently only works with google stuff  Hope it will work with Mail soon.
A giant pterodactyl took a big ol' chit on my Element  Hope I can get it off.
@TinyKsass Poor Mavis  Hope you feel betterrr.
Hope noone's gonna be mad at me for blocking them  Starting to block people now...jsyk.
@JTalk100 Hope your headache stop soon.I'm about 2 die....  I miss MaryJane so much. That was my boo! Lol
Tried to shave Sugar Bear but clippers didn't do so well. Will try again later. Hope I don't have to resort to scissors or professional 
@JonathanRKnight Hope you had a great day. heard U won't be going 2 SE Asia  my husband is deploying that way &amp; I was gonna watch a show
DD is sick with a fever.    Hope it doesn't last too long.  She looks terrible!
Hope misses Bell  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/4259368
@chicmommyusa Too bad we can't blip here  *Sigh* Hope to have some time later at home.
@4hoursstanding Feeling horrible today but I look like a pirate with my eye patch! Eye is still sore!   Hope all is good! Must catch up!
Pearl Jam sounds like crap on Conan. Hope all musical guests don't sound this bad on that stage 
Hate my alarm clock  get ready for work. Hope, weekend comes fast :-D
i miss my friend Harmony very much 
@lisanoelruocco Still haven't been able to charge my phone.  Hope you had a good night, I'm about to head over to the venue. Love.
Is really bummed out :/ Bout lotsa things...i Hope this Summer gets better cuz rite now: Booooooo. 
got a text from Optical Works! My glasses are done! Hope I could pick it up before 8.30pm. 
#air-France nothing yet, when I fly the same route, I'm always afraid. I think the most fear is see happening. Hope that they didn't! 
Hope tomorrow is fruitful. Sad that today wasn't. 
@MandyyJirouxx Aww   Hope you feel better, Mandy!
@zsafwan Salamat! I was sick on the weekend  Hope you get better
@grayle sorry, I'm in work, may be checking my Twitter belatedly  Hope it helps with your presentation ;-)
@waxinglyrical - O Lord  Hope she'll recover soon yah.
My heart goes out to the friends and relatives of those aboard Flight 447. Very sad  Hope they find peace and closure.
Hope to God the school make me a prefect - I couldn't stand it if they turn me down for THAT as well 
Elliott, it makes me sad that you are sick   Hope you feel better real soon. You are too sweet to be sick.  Love ya.
@filipe_murteira....Not bad, not bad at all! Hope all is well over there! Only away for 1 week 
@weeelady I know the feeling..lol Hope the uncle is ok? Have a bunch of running around today to do 
Hope my cousin is alright. He was in an accident and was airlifted to Topeka. 
Eating my cup or noodles for lunch. Hope I can afford something better next month! Have to make up a month\'s rent this payday. 
Not feelin good. . Dizzy n blah  gonna try n take a nap. .Hope i wake up by time lunch is over. .Sigh
Erica mom was hurt at work  wish I could leave but I'd be in the way! Hope she is ok, details soon!!
@DonnieWahlberg i am at home with a headache.  It isn't a really bad 1 but it still hurts. Hope UR day has been good. Hugs
@dogasaur I read about that the other day but didn't know the ultimate outcome. Very sad  Hope they find the people responsible.
I just said goodbye to some friends  Hope I'll see them again. Tomorrow, Sweden!
@real_tom Good to know. I'll be putting my coffeetable up soon. Hope you didn't get screwed. 
@tommcfly I can't believe it's over  Tom, thank you so much for everything! The two best weeks ever! Hope to see you soon. Love you xx
is a sad Hope cause she has a sad Mac 
Bed. Soon. Hope I don't dream mountains of paperwork are going to eat me. 
@ladyozma Lost power to one breaker. Hope the modem isn't fried. Thought storm was over  
I've been throwing up all night. Hope i don't have the swine flu.  ~*~Chelle~*~
MeiMei is at the vet's, will pick her up at 5ish. Hope she's okay. Missing her badly 
Morning all! Hope ur all ok today! I'm off to Liverpool this morning after my fateful session with Satan at 8:30!  
Good morning everyone! Hope you're all well and slept well, got the mother of  headaches this am 
Facebook won't upload my new photo  Hope it's not too ugly and they're just denying it.
. @karlyross Cool. See you tomorrow then. Hope I can sleep. I'm all jittery now. 
@puddingface Did you have the sublime sticky toffee? Hope you shared the wine with JT - can he drink and bike? Wish I could go to Smiths 
Outpost Gallifrey and its forum will be closing on July 31 - WTF?? http://bit.ly/ko59H Hope there's going to be a good new alternative.. 
@markholt: Hope your both ok, that's just shocking. Scum of today 
@fountain1987 Hope it all went well gona miss seeing you in Hollyoaks 
@sharre I'm surprised at how fast its kicking my arse! Hope I stay awake for the Origin game, I loves me some footy! 
JC: finished finally! another session tmr morning @ 9.30pm for 2.5hrs..   going home NOW. chat tonight ok? Hope u got off on time!
@isntit  Hope it was cathartic last night. How you feeling today? Have you eaten something this morning?
It's really pouring now! Hope it won't be as bad as last year. Goodbye sunscreen, hello mosquito-repellants! 
@clairehammond Better than you by the sounds of things... whats up with Jayster??  Hope he hasn't caught Mo's illness from last week 
Send me some love! Woke up at 5 with the most horrendous headache. Hope it gets better soon or I'll be dysfunctional for an entire day! 
I am so jealous of everyone who is leaving for Camp today. That should have been me!  Hope you all have fun, I will be praying for you!
@sinspired Bummer that. Late lunches suck &amp; lunch being over does too.  Hope the day perks up for you. Allergies are kicking my ass lately
Hope I didn't drive all the way to Brentwood for no reason 
Going to see the Yankees today .. Hope we don't get rain  out 
Since people won't respond, all my hype &amp; excitedness 4 the Blink 182 concert is gone. Hope I can figure thisbout &amp; find some way to go 
Got to PostNet...and didn't have the Fax# I needed.    Hope the AC appt goes better.
@vBSetup That's awful to hear. Hope he'll get better real soon. Road rage FTL 
@craiggerH woah, bold... really? Hope  ur wrong, but like I said, Nigel is making a tv show, doesn't nec. mean the best dancers  #SYTYCD
Very sneezy today, and my throat just started aching a little. Hope I'm not coming down with my sister's cold. 
I am soooo bummed out about leaving this place.  Hope that Cebu won't let me down! 
Up now on the way to Universal soon!  Hope it doesnt rain like it did the other day 
I'm finally GOING HOME!!! Hope to find some transportation to reach home  Sigh! Cya later tweeps.
Hope my kyssja feels better! Wish I could be sick for her  http://myloc.me/2GS8
@alphabetania Having the flu is certainly no fun  Try to get lots of rest. Hope you feel better soon!
@melanie_1973 Hope it's not too tough on you. Glad your finding your way. I think this has been a bad one for lots of relationships 
@jamiefishback So I'm not sure how long the BBQ is gonna last, but now it looks like I'm working till 8:30.   Hope I'll be able to make it
@partridge  Hope you find some relief. Back pain is the worst. Husband and dad have had surgeries for their back pain.
@RaychelEspiritu  Hope you have a safe trip.  Best regards to you and your family for your loss.
@tinietempah whats up darlin? Hope your okay  be happy! UR SUCCESSFUL!! x x x
@FranAspiemom I'm flaring too. Must be the time of year.  Hope ya feel better soonest! ;)
@cosleia GAH.  Hope everything's alright! 
@Drizzle772 Lol sorry  Hope it stops soon 
@TheRealJordin Awwww I hate periods!! I get the worst cramps too     Drink tea n keep warm! Helps a lot.. Hope u feel better hunny xoxo
@stephanie_x33 Hope you had an amazing 21st Steph, I'm sorry I couldn't make it   I love ya girly!
Hope I'm not catching what Alex has! Sore throat and pains in stomach. I know something is going around 
I've worked on support dept exercises all evening. Totally cross-eyed. Hope to finish tomorrow 
@mikegentile aw that's such a long time! Man, I feel so bad for you  Hope you just sleep through all the flying and it doesn't seem 2 long
@betterthanezra Hope you have a show here in Omaha, NE sometime soon. Had tix for d Whiskey Roadhouse gig but my husband didn't feel good 
@carshowgirl Have fun! I'm going to the power tour this weekend in Madison. But it's supposed to rain  Hope the weather is better by you!
@rachellacour I won't be running into you on the streets this time   I MISS NYC!!  Hope I can get back there this year!
@mariethebee Good to see you, too! Hope your back is all better now!! Back pain is the worst 
@Orchidflower hi lovey! I'm just about off to sleep  Hope you have a lovely day there in Surry! I have a long day tom. it's 11pm here
Sad Marlins loss 2night  What ever happened to clutch hitting? Hope they pick it up tomorrow... too many left on base... Night everyone!
@do2w I would totally be there, but I'm in AZ right now  Hope you guys have a great show!!!
Up early to drop daughter number one off at school for an Alton Towers trip... Hope the rain stops... 
Hope these damn Air Yezzy's are worth it!! I'm dying in this car. 
@SomersetBob morning Bob-started nice here-seems to be clouding over now  Hope you have a good day
Off to Maidstone in a min to go to @KimmyFalconer 's BBQ. Hope it doesn't rain! 
Hope the Gryphon reunion gig at QEH goes wonderfully - wish I was going but not to be, alas 
@Emmamackriel Thanks for the #followfriday Emma! Hope you are having a great weekend despite the rain 
@christie_brown Drinking coffee,  I'm not feeling so good this morning. Woke up w/ full blown cold. Hope it don't last long 
@KateRothwell *HUGS* Hope your BIL gets better quickly 
@coledc There's nothing like a little foreign food poisoning to make the trip memorable. Hope you have some Cipro... 
@morris2009  I think this MIcrosoft training event was not your best travel trip  Hope you enjoyed the Elvis impressions!
@Stormy1810 wow, that's unusual. Hope it doesn't put you out too much 
[-O] @Findafurry She looks like she's been thru the wars  Hope she finds a good home. I wish I had more ro.. http://tinyurl.com/lymx2e
@mandythetwit Aww, what's the problem for Max? I hope he's okay. Hope your vet doesn't charge megga-bucks for a Sat too 
@peejie Clue tour dates released. Not a single Scottish one. Very poor show  Hope tennis went well. Wanna look and plan trip (s)?
@Quilt_nut  Hope you work well under pressure! I spent about 1/2 hour  on the machine, and then ended up back on the computer. 
@jordanknight Not in NJ today   ALL the way on the other side of the country.  Hope you got some sleep, and are enjoying your day! 
Last GA tour date tonight, sad times  Hope everyone going enjoys it!
@AsiaBrands No i'm not  reading about the air france thing. Pray to their families.. Hope they are survivors.
@Cheyennie Hope your day gets better. At least you're not older than Tetris. 
@Raven12 Still, it's not the est to be around all that noise if your head is bothering you  Hope u feel better @loretin Aren't we all?? xD
@Scott_Little holy crap! Hope he's ok! 
What a miserable night!! Hope we at least see a bit of sunshine in Ireland 
@ashleynewcomb I know allll about kinks.  Will be emailing your crit prob 2morrow b/c I'll be gone next wknd.Hope it starts flowing soon!
@NathanFillion Hope stadium was warmer 4 u 2day!Was lovely meeting you!I was a bit starstruck &amp; couldn't say much  But I think you're fab!
off to a BBQ where I will drool over lots of yummy food I can't chew right now  Hope there is some pasta salad that I can eat!
Got the shock of my life when Fi texted earlier saying she is in hospital with suspected appendicitis! Hope she feels loads better soon 
@janibrajkovic Very sorry to read that. Hope you all feel better soon. 
@elfy21 i didnt twitter was being a spa and wouldnt let me tweet  how are you? Hope carol is having fun Xx
@mikasounds Awww! I'm happy youre enjoying it. Wish I was able to see u  Hope you'll come to Egypt someday
Surprisingly this 12 hours went by fast. Hope tomorrow does as well.Headed to my friend Shari's going away party after work.So sad 
Dropped my iPhone and screen cracked   Hope I can keep using it until the new one comes out - will be able to record videos, right?
@Hope_Isabel nothinggg, just wokeee up and I'm hella sore 
@stephanie04 flying from Moline looks like $500 and multiple flights  Hope she has a lot of miles!
@DaisyDuhh I'm sorry Daisy  Hope you feel better
Hope all my F1 Twitter friends enjoy the race tomorrow. B/c of taped-delay in States, won't be tweeting with you all tomorrow. 
@olllllo all you need is a 60. Hope you still passed. Time is a bitch though 
@Phyrra Ow.  Hope it goes away soon.
@gototennis And I was looking forward to another rafa v fed final.  Hope he doesn't miss Wimbledon.
@ElvaHsiao Gotta love those oysters. Hope you didn't get harrassed too much 
@dominant_view I Oi.......Hope i dont come under that category !! 
@UhHuhHerMusic I can't see your photo either Leisha  Hope you had fun with the cute little farm animals Cam x
Sunny day is over.  Hope for lots of sun tomorrow (maybe not as hot)
@jonathanrknight R u sharing ur Tylenol w/evry1 or has exhaustion set in after 3 shows in a row? No TweetFest 2knight!  Hope 4 1 SOON!
@irukoumori http://twitpic.com/6t7fs - I Hope @FrankIero read it  Into that pages we try to show how much fucking we love him and we l ...
@annepudelek No can drinking tonight  Decided to be lame and stay in to watch movies instead.  Hope you had a fun time!!
Is gonna try to make herself go to sleep now... Hope it works... Lol ... Doubt it... Wud be so much easier if the Mr. Were here 
Listening to the Hope&amp;Social album (thanks @TheHuxCapacitor!) and cursing the rain as it's the Middlesbrough Music Live festival today 
Listening to the Hope&amp;Social album and cursing the rain as it's Middlesbrough Music Live festival today 
last day @ Nick hotel. Hope daug. wakes up better today. So sad 
Morning time for me. Just woke up! Going to have morning coffee. The weather is so BAD!  I don't like it... Hope you have a good day!
@Megan0905 Thanks sweet! I've missed talking to you  Hope you're okay m'love xx
Hope the sun comes out  Homework  tidy room 
Good morning Tweeps! I am up but will go back to sleep in a bit...did not get the sleep I needed   Hope you all have a good day!
Good morning twitter!!! Hope u had a wonderful sleep!! I woke up with a sore throat!  I am sad!   May God bless all of u!!
@jennettemccurdy hehe! Unlucky  Hope you're having a nice time 
@BigHeadAsian what happened to you guys last night...you missed out on the VIP party  Hope those noodles were good!
Oldie ex-working collie has come in in a right state.   Hope he picks up.  Kennels no good for elderly dogs.
Ren's last day here   Making orange glazed chicken w/ onions, mushrooms and carrots. Hope it comes out good!!
Going to bed early today. Hope to sleep my hangover away!  Tomorrow got to go to work again. 
Evil evil back pain. Hope puppy won't demand silly long walks today 
@lynndyshella  Hope it gets fixed too! Hot weather sucks. Drink ice water or something to stay cool!
My pizza from Bj's last night is still in my car.  Hope it's still good I'm starrvingg.
Goodbye las vegas. It's been swell! Hope I see brandon again someday 
will miss vision meeting tonite at church   Gotta work.  Hope all have a great day!
@JohnjayVanEs OMG JJ,sorry to hear that  first the boarding pass &amp;now a delayed flight  Hope things get better soon...hug
Tisha the cat is, unfortunately, still missing. Hope begins to fade. 
Cant believe how much my feet hurt, walked2much for work. Got no money n have to walk2work.Hope one day i dnt have2worry bout that 
@westmo Hope not he's sooo annoying lol. He says he's from Newcastle too so thats a bad point 
@YoungQ wish u was here @ Patriot Cntr  good luck with the taping of MTB. Thanx 4 pic last knight! Hope 2 c u soon! Be safe traveling.
Just landed! There's nothing like recycled air    Glad to be back in philly! Hope my bro is early for the pickup!
About to watch the season 2 finale of Reaper.  Hope its not the last ever episode 
Forgot to bring my sweater to work. Hope I don't freeze!!! 
Need to fixed my self first!!!! Hope i dint her hurt her that much.. 
Reading Angels &amp; Demons. Hope it's good. I never did read the Davinci Code. 
Daughter is sick, really worried, 102.3 temp.    giving her meds hopefully it will help. Hope everyone is doing good....peace....
The Magic couldn't hang with the Lakers tonight     Hope they make a series out of it - at least 6 games
Goodnight night my tweethearts! It's well passed my bedtime. I hate Sad Sunday   Hope you sleep well. Tweetcha tomorrow
really wants to buy LICD Beginnings but due to him being broke, will just have to cry about it.  
Just a few hours to know if Kaka will leave ACMilan or not... Hope he stays... 
My lola's (grandma) in the ER... H2O got in her heart and she cant breathe right  ... Hope shes gonna be okay...
It's definitely a &quot;The Climb&quot;- @mileycyrus and &quot;Hope &amp; Prayer&quot;- @therealsavannah night. 
@ebassman @YoungQ I just missed you guys in the chatroom   I watched the archive tho!!  Hope to catch the next live one!! One Love baby!
@nnorafiza Reg. Twitter works 4 me. Hope u get it fixed soon. 
@jgordo1 aww bless ya!! Good car for a guy of your age. Hope you've got something good planned for your 21st I had to work on mine 
@rugbynick yes you've been gone forever and ever!!!!! Gutted about Ryan too  Hope he's ok and its not too serious
Hope not tomorrow strike in Kathmandu! Today everything closed, not good 
@highschool789 Bless, Hope they all feel better soon  x
@leonblair I realy want the hard copy but won't be able to use a credit card devo  Hope there's another way. Xxx
Just got off of work!! Gotta get up early to check on my uncle at the hospital!! Hope everything goes good for him!! 
-@RachelSalowitz Long time no c  Hope 2 c u asap 
Found a bookstore! With limited choice of books  went for Gladwell's Outliers.Hope I can finish it otw back,hv so many unread books @ home
Welcome to all the new followers of cpapsupplyusa.  Hope you had a great weekend.  It's raining here now  , have a great week!
@MarkusFeehily Aahh, I'm sorry to hear there r problems with the technology  Hope, it everything can be fixed again and soon. Hugs+kisses
Just went to the library and got some books. Hope I've got time for them. Now I'm learnig to write a CV and a letter. French and German. 
@KeepTheFaithXO  Hope you feel better by tomorrow. Like you said, Panadol cold and flu hopefully will do the trick.
@J4K3YY I wish that BioHell let out early today.  Hope to see you on-campus sometime soon!
going to the pediatrician with Chloe, she has still fever and cough. Hope she'll have a better night of sleep, just looks exhausted now 
Hope not too much blood will be shed in Iran. Freedom can be expensive though  #iranelection
@LucyAnnabel  Boo-urns to stomach infections. Hope you feel better soon!
@ddlovato Hope the show goes well tonight. If you replied to me I would feel so much better. Not going to your show hurts  Love you.
@Lyric07 good afternoon luv! Hope ur havin a good day. I got the case of the mondays 
I wanna go to sleep already!  Have to grab some coffee I think. Hope it's fresh!
@JubalFlagg Hope ya feel better!!!  Headaches are never fun.
Oh no I just remembered... John's on call this week     Hope we don't get any thunderstorms!
Got brew equipment washed, water drawn, yeast started, need to wash kitchen floor, want a nap more. Hope Holly's having fun @ Cedar Point 
Sick today    But very excited about a new parcel that we just acquired!  Hope to have it catalogued and uploaded to the site soon!
Hope that Shia and Meg dont leave twitter 
@DiscussAntiques Oh  Hope you feel better again QUICK!
Going through the photos I took this weekend in Carlsbad. Hope to put some online before the night is over. Still wish I took my tripod 
Hope that Michelle is having a fantastic 2nd day of work... can't wait till we are actually living in the same city again..... 
@justsimplysarah Hope you feel better soon Sarah ..... 
@enderthomas Just a quick &quot;hello&quot; Ender.  I miss your tweets.      Hope all is okay?   Luv ya.  Peg   XOXOX
Totally just locked myself out of HQ. Hope @kanye_lens gets in soon. 
@furyu_me I have had those days  Ask your angels to surround you &amp; protect you from the negativity coming @ you &amp; around u. Hope it helps!
@brentbolthouse http://twitpic.com/7i5bl - oh, tikillo  Take care, Brent Hope you feel better in the next days.
@JessEmily18   Hope your stuff can be saved. Won't be online tonight after all cause I forgot I have to wake at 7 for work again.
Still trying to learn how to post pictures..not easy from my phone    Have some  nice pictures taken while riding.  Hope to post soon.
@Forager  that's no good. Hope the surgery goes well x
@glennbeck awww  Hope you feel better Mr. Beck! Great show tonight btw 
@nicholemcgill  Poor goose! Never heard of one being hit... yuck  Hope your reading went well at Westfest?
Upgrading my ROM now. Hope it'll be smooth, else, I wont have phone to use 
@sdecordova  Hope youre having fun without us!  Take lots of pics!!!
@ohrianna My phone is charging in my car  Talk to you tomorrow. Hope your situation gets better.
Went to sleep at 7 and now im up   have to be up at 7. Hope i get up on time!
@ShelLovesCheese oh no, poor gal, Hope you told her to go look at nkotb.com before she buys tickets, Jess &amp; I were gonna go too, oh well 
feeling &quot;ify&quot; again.  Back to work.  Hope I can handle it. 
Hopefully I can actually fall asleep tonight  bc I'm out of nyquil..     Goodnight!!!! Hope everyone sleeps wonderfully (:
Missed all my shows tonight.  Hope Runs House was good. Goodnight twitches!!!!
@JayLink_ Hope you're feeling better in the A.M.! Headaches suck 
Feel sick... going to bed. Hope things are better tomorrow. 
@patricehiggins I didn't know you were getting a divorce. I'm sorry to hear that Patrice  Hope you're holding up.
Morning all! I am under strict orders of feet up and knit! Mind you body does not feel like it could do much else  Hope all are well today
@efisiafele  Sad to hear that. Hope you're still going, though! It'll inspire the fuck outta you. You know it!!
I miss my friends  Hope 2 see them ASAP!!!!
JV, sending you healthy vibes from London. Guitar perhaps feeling neglected thru ur ill-health  Hope laptop recovering x
Hope I can sleep tonight...LOL!!! Love the beating heart, but I have a very difficult exam tommorrow 
@juliryan Brrr, I saw that snow too! Sure was cold today. Hope you've caught up on some sleep since the tummy bug 
I worry about somebody's whereabouts... Hope he's doing fine...regardless of his last situation when we spoke in MSN weeks ago... 
@lostintranslatn commiserations from God   Hope you are near someone to give you a hug
@blacklamb3 get well soon, Lindze  Hope you're doing ok. I feel for you. I'm not well at the moment either. GF Soup and hugs. xx
Morning everyone. Playing catch up with twitter. Wasn't on much yesterday and won't be on much today  Hope everyone is well.
Late to work. WAY late  Hope this doesn't set the stage for the whole day...
@Veronica  Hope that does not mean you are going to suffer from surgical spirit? Get well soon.
working   Hope the rest of my day flies by!! I get to see Him later Yay!!! 
@cloverdash I'm sorry about Freddie, love  &lt;3 Hope you're ok!
Frustrating morning. Cohen is refusing to attend camp  Gotta figure out what to do now. Hope they do refunds! $$
@magsol Hope you feel better soon! Migraines again? Yuck 
is about to leave to work on the show &quot;Monk&quot;. Also worried about his sick cat.  Hope he gets better.
Hope the weather in SD clears up. It's cold and rainy out  I wanna go to the Del Mar Fair soon!!
@xodianaxo Awwww Dee!  Hope you get it soon!
@LukeShortridge &amp; @sarashortridge : I'm praying for Jackson   Hope everything turns out okay!
@MeStina Wierd.... when i merged mine, 2 minutes after i did that was working perfectly.... Hope you can sort that out soon.... 
So my tweets are going through, I'm just not getting any tweets on my phone. Major fail.  Hope I'm not missing anything interesting.
Hot Yoga!!! Hope I don't pass out 
Hope I'm not catching what Alex has! Sore throat and pains in stomach. I know something is going around 
ughh Just Took  Geomerty regents I Hope i passed 
I dint hv ne optn, i hate liars, bt i dnt wana hurt ne1  .. Plz 4give me my frnds .. Hope u'll undrstnd 
@PaulaAbdul Awww. Hope you have a great time. Know whats like, usually only get to see my dad once a year! 
Hope Paula will twitter me!!  :S
@cullaloe  I hate his special surprises. Tangerine tinted buffoon. Hope Mr Gray will summarise it =]
Head has pounded for 90% of the day.  Hope it'll chill out for the next 2 hours or so. Freedom Group time!!
Having @jfue and @jaykaos withdrawals. Lol.  Hope you're having a great time in Italy, Jill!
@daneskelson  I wasn't able to get it to the nursery today.  Hope to get there tomorrow. Will keep Uposted on what the bumps &amp; curling R
Hope everyone enjoys BIG #MilwaukeeTweetUp 2morrow @harveysmequon. I will unfortunately have 2 miss it  http://kl.am/MKEtu
So we have 6 more videos to shoot here in Cleveland.. Hope the weather cooperates.. forecast says rain for the next 7+ days 
@bellasoares Awe, that sounds bad Bella  Hope you get better real quick ~Derek
I have to hit it early tonight - No RM  Have an early meeting in the morning. Hope there is no more bad news from Tallahassee.
@nkangel74 dang seems like everyone on here is having issues with neg tweets hear lately!  Hate to hear that! Hope things look up!
@Nkluvr4eva My poor little dumpling  In Holmdel vids he was really trying...Hope he dont try to hard tonight xx
Left my wallet in the movie theater on shattuck  about to go pick it up. Hope mah shitz still there
@absolutspacegrl OK I stayed up too late   Thunderstorms and LH2 don't mix, do they? Hope it clears and you don't get a looong wx hold.
Hope no one wants a teaching job in AISD for this next year.  Hiring freeze.    http://tinyurl.com/l5g89f
@chicogarcia Happy bday. Hope you'll enjoy your day despite you losing your phone  Hope you'll have a blast. Happy, happy bday ulit!
@AEphotoWPG oh oh..constant dentist appointments? Sounds craptastic   Missed you this weekend.  Hope all is well?
At Paragon, will do merchadising today. Hope we can open store tomorrow. It's been delayed for 2 days already. 
@brknglassstudio I hear ya' friend! Same here!  Hope your night has been better.
@PBRefSam Sucky   Hope it's not too bad and you heal up quick.
Hope the virus is gone. Still feeling a bit meh though 
dentist tomorrow. Hope it's not an absess and something easy to fix. Need jaw to stop hurting!!  and swelling, actually.
I'm glad my Homer is still rolling strong in year 3. Hope he goes a while longer. Can't afford a new lappy 
It's past 2pm but had no chance to have lunch today. Hungry.  Hope I can leave my desk for 30 min for a cafe to chill and have some food.
Head and throat feel funny. Hope I'm not gettig sick. Missin UCI so much right now. Homes been so painfully boring and unfulfilling 
Will be in Vegas with the hubby and girls 7/5. Hope to see friends and family. Miss hubby...in Chicago for business. 
@cloudsteph *crysies* I wish. Sounds blissful. Good to see you, briefly, last night. Hope I didn't miss too much after cinema fun 
@jemima_blue  Hope you and Sam have a wonderful day. *HUG* Love and licks, from me and Khara.  Hope your weather is better than ours.  x
@Piewacket1 Hope you have a wonderful day Pie. *HUG* Hope you are well and your weather is better than ours.  x
Hope to see the Peace in my Homeland IRAN 
@reqon  Hope @lilblip isn't terminal 'cause I'm keen to go to #TNC Curry tomorrow night, as http://thedragonsledge.net is sponsoring again
@Wossy Good morning! Hope you find some inspiration! No sun where I am today 
@Melissa808 @thedailydish you having too much fun without us BI peeps   Nah Hope I can make it to the next Triad Pahty
@danielionescu  Hope it's worth the wait! I wonder how many iPhone users live in Lincoln. Seen loads in use around town.
Stupid me, i dropped my best girl friend from my motorcycle in U-turn ! Hope she didn't get hurt 
#Masterchef Hope they all get tired and cranky 
Fell asleep early last night...That game was a tough one and I felt like crap  Working all day. Hope I feel better...Have a great day!
has done half the Ironing, just the T-Shirts done  pausing for a bit of lunch then carrying on. Hope to get to Allotment later.
@carrharr Hope everyone gets to feeling better in the Harris household today. 
@inlovewitharmy Hope we're together in LC. 
NOW my tweet shows up, rad. :/ Got woken up when Lilly pounced on me (haha), my silly Lilly. Hope I can get back to sleep. 
Gone very dark outside and as windy as a very windy thing.  Hope its behind me cycling home 
Hope Virgin will send me a replacement. Fingers crossed 
@MissHTML Ihor didn't go with you guys?  Hope you're having fun! How's the trip going so far?
Woke up not feeling to great today  Hope I don't have anything. Just in case killing all pigs in sight.
@loobylou76 Hope ur hubby finds something else soon Louise... not nice 
Waiting for him. Hopefully he gets on facebook soon. Something is wrong though, some people can't write on my wall. Hope it's fixed soon. 
@JessBushell Hope you are okay   Love you lots. xx
@JoeDeLoss You are taking over the world.  Hope to see you tonight at http://bit.ly/socialstartUP if LP lets me go... 
@F1Badger oh dear  Hope it clears up for you - maybe its getting all the rain for the weekend out the way today ;)
Heading to Wisco today to see family. Hope the sun comes out sometime during our vacation 
@bewildered1 one can but hope. Case study was too close to home and massively flawed.  Hope you're feeling better today!
iphone leftlower  touch won't work  so can't use phone  and switch to number.  Updating software now. Hope it's not a hardware problem.
@jairodriguez Awww  Did your power come back on? Hope you had fun at dinner last night with Carson! I miss seeing you guys on Queer Eye!
@mileycyrus  I was going to watch your HM - the movie today. but I couldn't go  Hope see it soon. xxx
RIP Hope the Kitty  She is missed.
@gblock  too bad. Looking forward to talking to you all but we're downtown. Tomorrow night then. Hope to catch your talks tomorrow.
@Jacks1973 I'm so disappointed I can't come to Bill...    Hope you enjoy it, though! I'll be there in spirit ;)
@bourach You sleep well too. Hope no nightmares come  Hugs  Night xxx
@davestyles Aww! I'm sorry to hear that  Drink some medication. Hope you get well soon 
Getting dinner and catching Up with the boyfriend. Dinner should be great on this new diet. Hope they serve celery. 
@JPCapozzi Sad I am going to NY as well.  Hope you enjoy the album! If you like it enough, she has a 2nd one that just came out recently.
Lost in my &quot;real&quot; businesses lately, neglecting my photography  Hope to get back into it soon.
I really want to get my phone fixed... It's getting worse by the day!  Hope your having a good day at work Dan...I miss you 
@shelzuluaga Shell is on twitter and no one told me  Hope your having fun while your away.
Oh, that's just sad. My Direct Messages thing won't send Demi my message!  Hope it'll work soon... LOL. 
@Suburban_Farmer Hope he/she will be alright 
Just finished my final,started @ 6 &amp; JUST FINSHED @ 9:21. Hope I did ok, well now I gotta start gettin ready 2 go n2 nite gig,w/no sleep 
Hope atleast this week i should post a stuff in my blog.Twitter hijacks all my time 
Ah . . Brian and Hope are moving  well at least we will see them one more time on there way out of Oregon.
Hope Marlo stops being yellow soon.  @dooce @blurb
@herfection -- had TOO much work to make YMHH  Finishing music...imagine that! Hope you're having fun!
@leiboaz Very jealous. I haven't heard Wilco the album yet.  Hope you have fun.
I'm sorry u pulled your neck  Hope u feel better soon. I bet the choreography is dope, can't wait 2 c it either Mandy. Thnks 4 the update!
Miu Mius that are too big for me  Hope someone else can enjoy them
@sushiLe Aww... Hope you feel better, Raine 
@Adrienne2012 that's so awesome!  Can't wait to see the pic!  Hope ur sleeping pattern gets better 
@katerpillar You had me up/down 2nite. Gr8 news on Janet #RAAM,  sad news on quarantine  Hope ur well.
Want to update to 3.0 - but want to keep my yellowsn0w unlock  Hope the dev team don't take too long 
@tuoni Good to have you back among the tweeting. Hope you are fully recovered w no nasty after effects. 2 wks is a long time to be hosp 
&gt;&gt;&gt;Morning Tweople... Hope all U guys r well. @drbuk what happend to the Mac?!  do you have a aluminum1 or white?
@naughtymutt every time you mention your axolotls I'm reminded of Borges' fabulous short story. Hope the footless one gets better soon 
Looks like babygirl is running a fever and has congestion.  Hope it is not the flu...gotta go into mommy mode.  No Hall today.  
going to pick up Darren, Chemistry and Economy exam  Hope I passed(yn)
Watching Private Practise.  Hope u dnt have it Lachlan 
@marirockzDUDE Yes it's true  Has that primary school in Cannons Creek been CLOSED? Hope that doesn't have to happen to our school...
Arg.....I hate regents exams!!  Studying for biology regents today  Hope I don't almost get kicked out of skewl again for my shoes..WTF!
Not feeling well today  Sent home from work. Hope i'm feeling better tonight to go and accept the R.A.Y.S. award for the bullying leaflet.
@Sarah3000 Hope they'll have it! Although it's comforting to know that I'm not the only one who still doesn't have RS 
Hope that Jeff Archuleta is all-fine!  I pray for the family.
Good day. Hope to go swimming 
@RogersKeith went to a Rog+ store yesterday and was told they don't know anything about a no-contract 3GS   Hope you guys get a move on!
At work... Goiing to my friends fashion show after and then seeing my baby &lt;3 Hope that he will forgive me  Love you &lt;3
@dannygokey So sorry I missed your radio interview   Hope all is going well for you! Wishing you all the best Danny. U R Great!
Missing the BsB in Germany  Hope they will come soon again ;)
@sassenach @bookishlyfab @myhousekey Won't be at SnB.  Hope to see you next week!
Won't be able to watch the complete match and light goes out at 1  Hope they wind up earlier #t20 #PakCricket
In the Apple store on the Plazaaaa. Hope they can fix my laptop 
@jennettemccurdy Hope my car gets back to normal soon.  Weird day today.  
@OliviaDAngelo jeal! Hope you have a blast! Drunk dial me often! Missed u this week 
Going to walgreens, and then Fisherman's Wharf for 9 postcards for 99cents.  Hope my leg/foot dosn't start hurting. 
@kerri_louise Bet you are! Wish i was going  Hope the weather is nice anyway!! x
Ugh.  Hope Stickels is gona be okay   I don't like visiting Hospitals or going to Funerals
@JoDelhany  - Give Spider a kiss!!! - WHAT about giving me a kiss?  - Hope you're not to achy hun, likewise babes sweet well and dreams, x
 Hope everyone has a great and blessed night.  I am sorry I could not visit w/u today.  Will not even be ab... http://plurk.com/p/11zxz8
@TraceCyrus Glad to hear it Trace.l Hope you manage to sleep soon. I have rain smashing against my window so no sleep for me either  xx
@tommcfly Hope I'll be there with my friend @AddictedToJones to hear you play it. Your gigs are the only time we can see each other, hard 
@rustyrockets  Had a bit of a wierd dream about you last night which made me miss you more.   Hope youre well.  Love Lindsay xxx
Done boxing. And I got punched in the eye. Hope I don't have a black eye tom 
@DJJAZZYJOYCE Happy birthday to u ! I'm in Charlotte or I would come  I'm doing good just got some roles to look over ! Hope u have m ...
@danecook Hope Tulsa is treating you well!!! Wish I could have been there   http://twitpic.com/7rheq
At Abbies watching the messengers. Hope brytty starts to feel better. Diggin the iPhone update! Wants mms tho... 
@trent_reznor  Miss you Trent   Hope the tour is going good.
watchin the news... just heard RPattz got hit by a taxi in NY... Hope he's okay 
@Skarlett_ that is some MAJOR balls, dude. Hope you're ok. 
@NateEaton Hope you don't mind Nate I called you by your full name. 
@edward_ong I didn't know you were ill  Hope you have a full recovery ASAP, especially in time for the weekend!
Found an injured bird while filling up neibhours bird feeder. Hope it'll be fine. Taking care of it.   
Back on the hospital not as a  nurse but as a patient. Hope everything will be fine soon! 
broke my new Warrior Spyne schooling the boys in face-offs tonight...   Hope Breakaway will allow me to trade for a new one.
@salandpepper I had to log off quick as Mrs came home without warning  Hope you're having a fine morning x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x
@baldarmo The Green Twitter campaign is to show support for fair elections in Iran. Hope it ends with minimum blood shed 
Wiring up in Woking for the new iPhone. Hope it doesn't take too long 
@dbs_sticky Holy crap! Hope you guys are ok. Both my mum and my bro have hit deer in their cars. It doesn't sound like a nice experience. 
@spankinpanda Joy of joys it isn't  Hope you feel better soon!
Hope I get my job at Sears, the anticipation of my interview is killing meeee! Only ....3 days to wait for it! The economy sucks 
@esoRrefinneJ Hun, sorry that I didn't reply you on MSN! I was cleaning my room! Hope you can sign in tomorrow. ily 
@Antigone - I was just thinking the same thing for myself.  Hope it gets better for you soon.
Oops on my way to attend a Business Meeting, sometime hate meetings   Hope to reach in time and wrap it up quickly 
Aftr Khamenei's Speech: do twitterin Iranians feel the same way about the British people? Hope not  #iran88 #Iranelection
#iranelection Aftr Khamenei's Speech: do twitterin Iranians feel the same way about the British people? Hope not  #iran88
FINALLY a SUNNY day!  Hope everyone rode to work!  Get it in now because word is it's going to rain again this weekend!  
@Dan_Savage Awww! Hope you are having fun! I couldn't make it!! 
Lucky old you @jmarshall1, for being in the sun - all cloudy in Warwick  Hope the weather stays nice for you!
@jwfinch  damn it ! Hope she is ok ??? Voice issues are never good , what kinda hurt did she inflict ??
Can't believe I saw starbucks boy at the game yesterday!! Weird... Hope it stays dry downtown bc I forgot my umbrella 
It's nearly the weekend. I pick up the monster truck at 8 tomorrow. Woo hoo. Hope it's not a lemon  The Foutrak  has sold on Ebay 
omigosh! eww twitter hackers! sorry  ignore lame tweets! I think its fixed now! Hope everyone has an amazing day! hugs olivia XX
@sonataozona Awwww... I wish you didn't have work, too. Hope it isn't too bad...   Talk to you later, maybe?
Watching the US Open. Hope Phil wins this! Referrals have gone cold for now    http://www.neobux.com/?r=mags24
Its official! She has swine flu. I have been exposed. Hope i dont get sick or get my kids sick 
@MissSomething Seriously? Hell, sorry to hear that. Hope you're not on what we'd call the dole queue for long 
@lisahenley Thanks! Hope those birdies keep you warm...we only sweat here in Florida 
@eilidhlive  -big hug for you via twitter- Hope you are okay. OOO &lt;3 xxxxx
@DonnieWahlberg Hope you won big last night!  Saw you high limits!  Thanks for a great concert.  Downfall being 2nd M&amp;G and no hug 
Hope Rpattz is ok after gettin hit by a cab  Stupid screamin fans!!!!!! I &lt;3 Rpattz...xx
Hope you are enjoying today's weather! Rain returns to the Tri-State area tomorrow. 
@gilzow Hope all is well. Keep us posted and/or let us know if we can do anything. 
@_djh nice icons! Been outa touch w/ too much work lately. Hope things are well!  twit spammers have depressed me  but I aim to fix it
Just left Amanda at work.  Not gonna see her until about 5 in the morning... Hope my phone stays on that long!
@Seraphina_L I know.  Hope it doesn't come to that
@LOPchelle I am too!  Hope you're feeling better!    Take care, Michelle.
@innuendogirl Every time I hear the word minion it reminds me of Harmony. Harmony is awesome.  And the squirrel isn't evil. 
@innuendogirl Harmony should have been in more episodes. I know she's going to be on Angel, but I'm only on S3, so it will be a while. 
Oh em gee we just seen a car run into a wall under a bridge i wonder if they was drunk. Hope they was ok.  [College g?Rl]
@bungieboy Hi Jason yes, thought I'd give this twittering lark a go. Up early even on my days off  Hope ur day is not too stressful!
Pool is too cold for swimming  love watching the stars from the hammock. A little afraid of the lava rocks underneath hammock. Hope it ...
Just saw that the rating for Final Destination 3 was R. Hope that won't be the case for FD4! 
@josordoni Crikey, sounds very dramatic  Hope you weren't scalded by it! (but on bright side, is the cooker / floor very clean now?)
Got clicked by traffic cam while 'accidentally' jumping a red light at Tilak Road last night!! Hope the license plate escaped the frame!! 
Jus got home and I gota be up at 7am..damn, I miss my wake up calls  Hope ya hear me out there..Gnite, world!
Hope our villa in Byron has decent TV - British GP is on 11pm local time, this would be the first race of 2009 I'd miss! 
@sambulance what the! Only noticed your tweet because of daves sorry. Hope your ok 
Hope my granma will get well soon. Love u wan 
@totalrapture My sites have the same error as does the main AP site. Hope it gets fixed soon. 
I'm gonna miss you Baby Albert!  Hope you rest in peace, you are now in my thoughts and prayers! You are angel 
Hope its gonna be a half decent day today! En route to Ayr... 
@choosenick Hope last night was good! Was sorry to have missed it  next time!
@kevinrfree I'm so sad you weren't out with the Neos last night.   Missed you Kevin R Free!  Hope you are well!
I should be in ibiza right now!  Hope the girls have fun! XXXX
@MaggieKattan oh maggie!!  Hope you feel better!! Workin out when you're congested is NEVER fun!
@LizDykes Ha ha!  Thanks!  Hope you guys had fun!  Cheyenne deleted the cake, though. 
Waking up to more June Gloom.  Hope your weather is much brighter than ours!  No beach day I guess 
@JackAllTimeLow I know exactly how you feel, buddy.  Hope you're okay. Reply please?
@Rio911 Miss you too! I need groceries, so I have to go out into the rain.  Talk to you soon. Hope CA is sunny.
Saturday means laundry and cleaning. Hope to get some research in today/tonight. If not I'll get it later. Too hot in house and outside 
@thepurplediva Hope you get out of hospital soon. Can't believe you won't get any visitors. Very sad 
Haven't posted in eons. A peacock visited in our backyard today! Beautiful! Visit too short. Hope she(?) returns. Painter here f/2 wks 
Our first show in Santa Clarita and fucking Fentruck isn't playing   Hope kids come out &amp; see us! http://twitpic.com/7x57h
@FoxxVox Awww...that's too bad.  Hope all goes well and it's nothing too serious! Good luck!
Having no laptop sucks. I miss iTunes. Hope I can get my laptop fixed cos I forgot it has all my ava stuff on..and more 
@angeliquebates Snap  Hope everything is okay!
@leonafeens Ah that's awful I hope they're ok! Hope you and Joe are ok too, you might need to take a wee course yourself just to be safe 
Hope everyone is enjoying their weekend. Happy fathers day 2 all the dads! I miss my dad  sending kisses 2 heaven
@LuxMentis Much sympathy...having been sick for two weeks, I know it sucks  Hope you feel better soon.
@daniellemmiller Will miss you   Hope you've been feeling okay though. We should definitely schedule a call for SDC after your surgery.
@SamaraSobh OMG Hope ur ok!! I know how u feel-some dumbass doesn't pay attention and u get screwed for it.  Happened to me way too much!
@mabeswife yeah...that's coming all too soon  ICK. Hope you have some air conditioning to rest in!
Off to horror party before zombie disco. Hope we have enough time to set the place up. *Also feeling bad for folks in Iran. Jesus. 
@Ricky2009 I asked already dude  two days ago she said she'd be there to me. Hope u cool neway
@MarkusFeehily Can you Link it Mark, I can find everything but that one  Hope your well...Kisses for You and The Mcdaid xxxx
@KevinHart4real too mad I missed u  Hope Chicago showed u a good time!
Is anyone else bored 2 tears?! It may just be the mucky weather  Hope i win the FOB tweet contest! :] I'd cry if i did :O  woot!
@ScottRhodie  Hope your get on the mend soon mate. Lets hope last night was the worst of it. Feel better bud.
uhoh...its Strep.  guess who else is likely going to get it?  the mamma that got throw up on yesterday.   Hope my little guy feels better.
@TheFray For srs? That sucks.  I enjoyed his set! Hope it gets fixed soon.
@ericgarland That's right, Eric, rub it in!!! ;) Guess, what? I'm NOT in Paris!  Hope you're having a great time.
Rain rain go away, come back another day!  still having a blast, so thats all that matters, right?  Hope you All are having a Blast ...
@Adrianne_ Hope them will b better soon =| I had 3 puppies,i just lost 1 of thm about 2 weeks ago.. 
@MiaD anytime! Hope you're enjoying the west coast weather. Rainy and a tad chilly here in NYC 
@jeremypiven Hope you raise lots of money!!  Very bummed that I'm not going. 
@_Bo0giE_ Hope your puppy is gonna be okay 
@TVXQUKnow  I am very sad, cry a lot, even restless  Hope to see you soon, your concert in Vietnam :x
@nathanhein When I lived there? Something was -always- up in lakeville. (Hope all is alright.)  (Anychance it's near hwy 46?)
@MicheleNorthrup Hope U had fun at the Trout Festival, we couldnt make it.  I really wanted to meet U &amp; try some of those delish sauces!!
@funkifythegroov Awww, a sentiment I've felt MANY a times. Hope it works out. 
@suebrody1 I love that song! Hope I can hear him sing it!  K, nighty night now sweet Glambert dreams!
@gulpanag 8 Hrs sleep, lucky you ;-) I don't have a six hour sleep  Hope your day goes fine, all the best Gul
Music stopped  my consciences buying more caipirinha &amp; HELLO WIFEY! Hope youre not bored anymore
@davidmmathews  Canberra is surprisingly therapeutic. - you just need a hat, scarf and gloves. Hope your doggie is comfy too  
@netsterz So sorry to hear about your Grandfather.Hope everyone is taking it well.Its so difficult to lose someone close to you..  
@kyleblankenship I'm jealous that you still get to go to Conklins   Hope you're doing well
@xombiekitty Thats a LATE appointment! :| Hope all is well!! I'm gonna try and sleep work early and i have a super duper headach! 
I'm a bad friend  I missed St. Candi's day! Happy belated birthday, @CandiiD! Hope it was a good one!
Fighting against a virus. Don't ask me how I get it. Close to give up and surrender. Hope it has mercy though 
Just got back from Billings... Took Kati back today   We applied for the K-1 Visa (Fiance).  Hope it doesn't take the full year.
Benneteau just ran into  a wall, quite litrerally :I He looks like he is in immense pain... Hope he is alright! 
@lucillecb All we can do is hope that it is resolved peacefully without any more life lost. Hope it does not turn out like Iraq later 
@wendilynnmakeup I know your probs can't say anything, but I really hope Fuller hasn't left the show.  Hope you're enjoying your day back!
@djhypespokane Done deal. Hope everyone is ok. 
Settling down to watch BB.  Hope there's some good Chelsea transfer news  tomorrow. (But I hope that every day and end up disappointed) 
@crystalchappell Hope you feel better eak! :O Strep is  Try some popsicles...
Off to bed. Hope tonight is better than last night. Was up through the night with pains in my tummy  sweet dreams everyone x
Shit. Hope more people aren't injured in Metro Crash 
Sad that nothing else on new Regina Spektor matches &quot;Laughing With.&quot; After first listen I like the album half as much as &quot;Begin to Hope&quot; 
@SusanEsparza OUCH. Hope it gets there soon! Or go door-to-door to track down neighbor who might have it. 
@inthemixMelbKat I can't this Sat  Hope the Thesis writing is going well!
@kirasmomspeaks  Glad you're okay.  Hope you and @gnader don't know anyone in the wreck.
Burned my pinky finger.   It hurts soooo dang bad. Oouch! Hope it doesn't affect my workout.
@remittancegirl Good morning! Hope your day is better than mine. I'm still fucking stuck in Richmond waiting for a ride home 
@benbacardi Hope you have a nice time at Alton Towers. When you get back please can I blog- admin page doesn't work 
@MaggieS311 sorry to hear that Maggie! Hope he gets better soon!  Keep me posted! 
Wishing I could be outside enjoying the sun. Gotta pay the bills though!  Hope some people r taking advantage of this beautiful day!!!
@miricallaway Hope you had fun at the WOF yesterday! I really wanted to go to that one 
@samwattsmusic Think I should go and do something else for a bit.  Hope not putting him off.  
@MishGoddess Wassup MISH??? U good? Hope u feel better soon. I HATE going in sick 
Heel pain is back.  Hope I can get another magic shot. Not the end of the world, but Cornerstone w/ this would be no fun.
@Kat_785 I fackin' love &quot;Stay with Me Bay-bay&quot;...heard @DonnieWahlberg doesn't do it anymore   Hope he brings it to AuBURN! 
@Mama2Kings Hope you get to feeling better soon! Eye stuff stinks because you can't relax and read or watch TV while sick 
My doggies are still missing   Hope there's no chupacabra loose in Concord. Them racoons are mean enough already.
@Bowen12 I am very sadened by this news. Hope you are sucessful with the Bucks 
@rebwim76 I'm on the DayQuil too but it doesn't seem to be helping.  I am so not coming in tomorrow! Hope you feel better soon!
@bmthofficial I wish I could see you in Sweden but I can't! Gutted  Hope you have a nice time x
@benadamsuk Hope you are enjoying @theREALboyzone The show is amazing  - I can't make 2nt Give the boyz a wave from me on final show  x
So, off now. Hope to be online tomorrow to see ya guys on last time  . Love youuuuuuuuuuuu a lot!!! Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
So I got &quot;Snake Bites&quot; last night and my lip is so swollen...Hope you can live off of ice cubes... 
@OldPingHai geez...   I read further down about the pick up. Hope it works out finally on Sat.
@robinsvegas that sucks   but you think you might be able to manage a weekend?  Hope so Robin.
@girlsworld   Glad you had fun, wish we could have played more. Hope you have a safe trip home.
@ddlovato are you gonna come to monterrey mexico with the Jonas Brothers in july? Hope yes... because you have your tour that day 
@courageclassic one of the rides in America. Hope to join you again next year. Have to miss this year. 
@mindila fo sho  Have been having them a lot lately myself. Hope you feel better butternut squash
Jeanne Purcell's retiring as CT Educ. Consultant for #gifted  Hope she'll still be part of NECGT 2010 - http://necgt.org @HartfordHilton.
Fact: Liquor hits harder when the ice melts. Warm drinks = faster buzz. Hope I dont drunk dial anyone tonight 
God I hope he's ok... He didn't deserve that!... Hope u get better Scott! 
Transformers is sold out for the rest of the night!  seeing Hangover instead. Hope it's as funny as every said!
@Christine_Dolce - Advil PM?? Hope you feel better 
@Change_for_Iran We miss you  Hope you're ok.
is listening to her song she jus learned from anime! Saw her loves but didnt stay bc he felt sick  Hope you feel better sweetie!
@FacingKlarenz oooh that's just great! Hope Anoop will tell more. Prepare to be heart broken..nooooo!! 
@wz_needsalife OUCH. Hope you're not in too much pain 
Afternoon all! Hope your day was kind to you. Seems my sabotage yesterday had only a minor effect 
@AngMoGirl Funny, y almost everyone feeling feverish, including me  Hope it's just the weather or too much work not otherwise...
@Impala_Guy Must go  Hope we made later....take care my sunshine! Wish u a beautiful day  - HUUUGS 
@sambulance Thar well sucks! There absolutly none at all?  Hope they atleast nail the bitch!
@mistygirlph Just going to say hi to you &amp; you're leaving!  Have a great rest of your day, my dear! Hope all is well! 
@HoppyH Hope you are having a gd time on trip with Jessie need a MAJOR goss. sesh tomoz  have missed you muchly friendykins ..am v bored X
ugh...dentist  Hope they tell me im cavity free!! I will be mad if they tell me otherwise...maybe i will punch him if he says &quot;Cavity!!&quot;
Making a Nemi video for Nickjayy92's contest. Hope i win! We're out of milk 
went to the pool yesterday. Swam for about 2 hrs, my phone swam for 2 min.  took it home and gave it a rice bath.  Hope its gonna b ok 
@marypmcg that's sounds like a dream.  Hope you brought your own sheets.  Good luck, happy faces, love you mucho. 
@iankermit good, I just reach my second point, will be another 30 Mins before my official off.. Hope it will not drag long 
@gfalcone601 awww  you need a hot bath and a good Disney movie! Hope the day gets better for you xxx
@candice216 aww, i sorry    Hope it improves QUICK!
@RiddlerMusic Hope so! Checking...   
@Rachelle_Lefevr  Great interview this morning on KAK. Hope you enjoying Australia, pitty you couldn't make it to Adelaide 
Aw man, just after I posted that the clouds came back   Lord what did we do to deserve this torture?  Hope the sun comes back.  : /
Siavash is growing on me. I quite like him. Hope Freddie stays and Angel goes. Hate Charlie for ruining her eviction outfit.  #bb10
@gfalcone601 Poor Gi  x  I have had a cold like all week it sucks and i nearly lost my voice. Hope your eyes stop watering must be awful X
Sleep time. I miss Ellen  Hope she's well and the baby is ok. EEP! I always worry when we don't see her 
is get the AC in her Black Betty worked on Monday. Hope it is an easy fix... hate sweating. Come back fall season 
thrilled to be going to Kir with the Bad Guy on Saturday night!!!!! Hope the dog will be quite at night...   
The Mozilla guy is the worst slide maker ever. Hope to get a picture of it soon... But it is bright yellow on a saturated blue background 
The new pre-RC release of Opera 10 STILL doesn't support Visual Tabs at the side!  Hope it makes it into final. VTs at top are stupid...
@honey_honeybun Aw, thanks...let's hope so! I am more worried about Geoff's teeth! Hope you are having a good day, H or HB. 
@arielbh Hope I'm not too late.. anywat, Good luck 
Is on butcher's hill for the evening. Going back to the west side in the early morn! Hope some followers find me in the meantime! 
Layin it down...wish my HB were here or vice versa. Only 3 days to go baby!!!   Hope u feel better in the A.M. Night fellow tweeters!
@JustDes Thank you  Hope it's not going the suck way today! (LOL!! Yes, I am aware that sounds soooo wrong!!)
@KristenjStewart It happened because everyone freakin' loves the shit out of you! Get used to it  Hope you have a good week!
I just finished the seat of my bench! But enough Maya - I'm going to sleep now. Hope to finish it tomorrow. I'm going to dream in 3D... 
@mswilliamsmusic I'm chilling. God blessed me w/ another day so how can I NOT smile u know? Goodnight! Hope 2 talk 2 u again soon 
@HowardReprise Aww, sorry to hear that Mr Reprise. Hope you're ok. We can go out and get drunk later if you want 
http://twitpic.com/2y6ec - and this is Hope sister Sophie she cute too 
http://twitpic.com/2y6ek - and this is Hope sister Sophie she cute too 
2 drunken besties stumble into my room and we run around with sober CJ and drunk Hope knocking on doors. Good times at 3am. 
@ibeatcancrtwice Had to send you a HELLO  Hope your day is great and must retweet you...HUGS!!!
Good morning, world!! Hope everyone has an amazing day! 
@jasonjdenis Good morning, Jason !!! Hope you're enjoying tweeting, my twitter friend ! 
Good day tweetsters. I will blogging within the next day or two. Hope it goes well like my last effort  x
Off to work. I get observed by my Asst. Principal today.  Time for my evaluation.    Hope it goes well...
@ajt2 You don't plan, so I'm the Brain. Nice try bailing on @TheWinchesterGR smart ass. Hope your week's better than your weekend was. 
@emoh Great to know the issue is solved. Hope you get many productive and fun hours with your X200 from now on 
5k Run /1 Mile walk for LifeSpan....see www.dynamicquest.com-follow Quest For Hope Link for details or drop me a note- Fun event 
Woo. Hope this week isnt as slow as last week. 
@yahaloma Twitter swallowed this tweet for awhile ;) Hope your day is going well! 
@LornaJH Ah!  Will let you know how it goes, my love.    Hope life is treating you well. xxx
Will we have a wet Easter Break?? Hope not! 
@JJ9828 Thank you for that one  Hope you have a great day!
@SasaLoves Quick {{{HUGS}}} just wanted to stop by &amp; say hi before my day of marathon meetings gets going! Hope all is well! 
@RealAnnieDuke Welcome, it's an honor to have you here  Hope you enjoy the beaches, the people, and a good Imperial. Pura vida 
@subumom I am having a good night! Hope you are too! Good night! 
Signing out for the night! Hope everyone has a tweeterful evening!! See you on here tomorrow 
@thenickgriffin - Really - not the JCPenney catalog?  Hope you enjoy your time in Florida and your shows go well 
@leesabarnes I followed  ...  Hope she feels welcomed! What a nice gesture &quot;follow fridays&quot;; especially for newbies.  Real nice!!!
@FLYBUTTERstudio Welcome abroad!  Love the name!  Hope this is better then the text!  get outside today! good weather-finally here!
Happy weekend everyone! Our $50 stationery giveaway ends *today* Hope you win!  http://tinyurl.com/cf5xs9
@JessDubb lmfaooo. Hope money to spend. LMFAOOO. U R SO SILLY!  Wen is Mothers day? Yay..my first Mothers day 
Can I get 10.000 followers in 5 days?  Hope some one will give me a helping hand 
@shuttergrace Congrats, Pretty Lady!  Hope to see you soon 
@MussoMitchel Demanded LONDON &lt;3 Hope you can come, haha 
@merci5 Yes. Still requiring lots of sleep, but I don't mind that part. Thanks for asking. Hope you enjoy your zzzz's today. 
@tommcfly : Hope you had fun guys.  now you know the european fans! ;D go on and visit Germany please. &lt;3
@NatalieGelman Listened to you and Richard Cheese while cleaning this afternoon. Hope the show goes well! 
@ijustine It looks very cute, Justine!  Hope you take care of it! LOL 
@ElspethMurray Thanks and you're welcome (all Scots together lol) Hope u have it's a great day. I like your blog btw 
@KourtneyKardash Happy B-DAY!! Hope u have a great day! 
@Hydrau1 lol. Sweet dreams. Hope you had a productive night 
@goboda Aww, thanks Jim! Hope you're having a blast with @genehiga ! 
@AnitaVlachos In MI? Wow, that's great to hear  Hope you had a chance to go outside &amp; savor it.
@KimKardashian how's ur sunburn? Hope it gets better. Happy b day khloe. I'd follow but my phone won't let me. Will when around computer. 
@iamdiddy I am sending you a Giant Size Hug with Supercagafragalistic Positivity!! Hope it reaches you in Studio...  
@IdiotFest101 Welcome back.  Hope you had a good time. 
@Thehoofer Hope you're having a good time at the dance. Goin' to bed now, night chico 
Third movie on the list: &quot;How to Lose Friends and Alienate People&quot;! Hope it's funny. &lt;3 Feeling a little buzzed. 
@jordanknight Hope you tweet or twit after the show! Want to hear from you!!! 
G'day Fellow Twitters. Slept in this Sunday, nice  Hope all are well &amp; life is good for each and every one of you. Welcome new followers!
@cheeseburger07 Wow... I haven't heard that name in a long time...  Sparkey. Hope the travel's going well!
@Jennidesu Best of luck!  Hope all goes fantastic! &lt;333
@npender thks 4 sharing happy note!  Hope U enjoy this special *Toothfairy Dusting* special Tweet just 4 you Enjoy ~Toothfairycyberspace~ 
@punkdoggy very nice!! yeah i was in Cancun about a month ago! there was so much to do there...I miss it! Hope you had fun!! 
@Liann_Cameron Next time I'm broke, I'm giving you a call. Hope you don't mind 
@needanewone police dogs? cool  Hope you'll feel better soon. I find that Magnum PI helps? ;)
Going into Cloudland now. Hope I get in 
@DonnieWahlberg What's up Ddub?  Hope you had a great night!  Love ya 
@morriscat Morris - check yer email! Hope that is all clear and ok  #pussycatisland
@tommcfly  go flying??  pick me up on your way... Id love to see the sights  Hope you enjoyed your trip
@highlandwhite Good morning from NY to the Scottish Highlands. Hope your weekend has been a relaxing one. 
@lyn_  Hope ur feeling better Lyn   Lets not talk football though hey lol . ( Go Hawks )
@mc_lars no problem dude! Will hafta catch up again next time. Hope all's still going well mate. I'll b in touch when our EP's done too 
@ddlovato I watched all nine episodes today and I enjoyed it. Hope it comes soon in the Philippines. Take Care 
The weather is nice outside. Verry sunny  Hope it will stay that way
ohhh big tiredness suddenly!! i think Dexter then bed. Hope you all have/had a happy sunday. I kinda did 
Hope the fix for my laptop works until quad-core Mbp's arrive. 
@BaileyBeth Hope DCFC was good! Make sure to show me and @LewisForbes the photos if you were able to take any. 
Morning all. Hope you all had a wonderful night,&amp; wonderful sleep. Going to my son's soccer game in a couple hours. Have a GREAT one all. 
Good morning, lovies!! Watching Ocean's 13 blowdrying my hair. Hope you're all well 
@heidianderson - have commented on your blog and slightly more detail on the Facebook note you made. Hope it's of use! 
I've coughed so much I've lost my voice. Hubby thrilled I'm sure.  Hope this cough ends soon. 6 days now.
@fearnecotton hey  Me and my best friend lily_may3 absolutely love you  We will be tuning in  Hope you have a good day loveyou xxx
@sarahstanley Thank you Sarah!! Hope you got some food and recovering from your race yesterday!! 
Hope everyone is having a SWELL day 
@MusicGroupie03 Glad you're feeling better. Hope work goes well. 
My living puja alarm clock (Tsering the cat) woke me up promptly at 6:30am today. Hope everyone is having a great day. 
Kinnolon movies! Goin to see knowing. Hope its good 
Sitting in my balcony with mac, enjoying the lightning. Hope none of it hits my lappy or me. Bangalore is awesome 
@TWCWeekends its better to be safe then sorry in a storm/ watch the alerts you see they will inform/ End Hope you guys liked it 
@kingfamily How did you enjoy Spring Harvest? Hope it was an amazing time 
@aplusk How 'bout having your water break &amp; going into labor on the floor of your  NEW boss' home? Hope you feel better! 
@danielledeleasa you're amazing Danielle! Hope you're doing great!  ?
Just sent in my JONAS Essay! (Hope i win)  Now going to get ready for acting school!
@mileycyrus Welcome to Germany Miley. Hope you'll have a good stay. 
Working on my presentation for Innate Enterprise's Leadership Retreat!  Hope everyone is having a fabulous Sunday! 
@superstaraj Howwww r ya AJ??????... Hope all iz well mister! 
@dazeygrl ....I'm glad you're alright.     Hope you have a good week!  Love you!
@PaulaAbdul cool! I didn't even know wefollow, but I know now, thanks! Hope you sleep well tonight! 
@macitout Here you go Mr. Incredible. http://tinyurl.com/c56gf7  Hope you enjoy!
@SoundersInsider: Wait! Why can't I be at the Sounders private party!?! I will take pics 4 ur column!  Hope u had fun!
@Jizziztheshiz Spanx U very much...you crack me up.  Hope lunch was good!   Enjoy Australia!!
@tcollins howdy. Hope all is well. We're great. Looking forward to the arrival of your (I think) niece. 
Wow what a fun night! Epic birthday party! Thanks to everyone who came... Hope u had as much fun as i did haha 
@marieautzen Good morning  Coffeee coffee... Hope you had a nice sleep. We had a great weekend
Hey guys stop by Mingle Mondays and network with other mom bloggers. http://womenandmothers.ning.com   Hope to seek you there.
@PartyPleaser  Hope you do sthg with &quot;Silly really&quot; till Warsaw gig. If not, I'll be patient. After all I'll be on both Sthl shows  C'ya!
@johnthehooker I hung out with some friends..what did u do this weekend cutie? Hope u have a good day ahead...Michael 
@OSUFilipino I prayed for the Fragua-ers and thought of you guys all weekend! Hope it was just as amazing as Fragua VI! 
Slow day today and feeling good vibes with the team... Hope this will be  one of the start of something good 
@imycomic I know! But just learned I shouldn't sync the ringtones, but just drag the new ringtone to my iPhone in iTunes. Hope that helps 
@lalavazquez Come on that would be fun!!  mi casa es tu casa!! Hope I said that right!! I haven't popped open my Rosetta Stone yet 
Gooood morning all you wonderful people.I'm in Norway just now and it's sunny.Hope you all have a tremendous week ahead.  
@Scary_Faerie Hope he has a great party though and gets very spoiled . Enjoy the day 
@stedavies Congrats - good quote in the Telegraph!  Hope you're not overworking yourself today again. See you soon.
@danielboys Loved last night. Great show  just sorry I caught it so late in the run! Hope got back fine and today went well?
@kparker3  Good morning Kim!  Hope you get the yard work done today 
@stephenfry Eeck! I'm off to the Dentist at 1:30 for a check up! A little Scared! Hope they treated you well and that you felt no pain! 
Good morning from Chicago! Hope your day will be a smooth day 
@sleepydumpling Pancakes &gt; Work anyway  Hope to see you there!
@linrose Lucky dawg you!    Hope you have a great week!
@sophiewilkinson Keepin' it real, yo! Hope you're feeling better 
@pocahontis Happy birthday! Hope you have an excellent day with lots of cake. In moderation, of course. 
@samanthaperry If you survive long enough, you're revered - rather like an old building. - Katherine Hepburn. Hope it's rad doll 
@summertime_grl @greekpeace Morning girls   Hope u both have a wonderful day 
@Tricon Hope you sleep well, even if it's only a 2 hour nap haha 
@Oprah welcome to Twitterville, O! Hope you enjoy your stay here 
@JJ9828 good morning!  Hope you have a good day!  
@newzfotog407 Morning my friend! Hope you have a great week! Smooches!! 
Legs super sore. Hope the kids aren't too hard on me today.  Festival Prep continues...
@catwalkqueen We are new to this Twitter malarky but were sure to follow you as soon as we got on here! Hope you are well 
@andysowards Doing great! Virl looks awesome, great job- especially if you were sick! Hope you're feeling better 
@angelayee Morning! Hope you're having a great day so far. Can't wait to see the vids! 
Good morning everyone! Hope you have a great day! I'm off to the torch!!! 
@DigitalSteph_BE good luck! Hope today goes as planned 
Its time for me to Fly the Twitter Nest! Hope I find something nice to nibble on when I am away! ha ha Catch you all later  x
Went flying a couple of times over the weekend, practicing forced landings over West Carleton.  Hope I didn't scare too many cows. 
Good morning! Hope today is a wonderful day for you! I'm setting a goal to say kind words to all around me. Wish me well! 
@JCPhilly I need to do this, too. My closet would thank me.   Hope Spring cleaning went well!!
Hope the Chennai super kings win this match 
@Sarahbrarian Is that your rebellious streak lol! Hope you enjoyed the sun 
Good morning everyone. Welcome new followers! Hope you all had a nice weekend. 
@omgitsafox Good luck!  Hope you feel better~
@gw27 http://twitpic.com/3nitg - SWEET! Hope you have a good day 
@jeffritter955 Congrats. Hope you find the time to pick the podium in Japan 
@madinaswan Hello Nathan.  Hope you're well and enjoying touring. Stay safe on the road and hope to see you back in Australia soon enough!
@hollymcombs Just read 'bout &quot;Sees Me Through.&quot; Best of luck, sounds wonderfully intriguing. Hope life is smiling kindly your way 
@cpalmieri France is nice isn't it  Hope you all have a nice trip.
@jshuey Hi Jeff, how is life? I see you kicked of the wake board season  Hope all is well. Regards from a sunny Zurich
Twitter is replacing everything, businesses using #jobs &amp; #hiring to find employees  Hope this doesn't turn into another dating service..
@dsmpublishing  Watch Taking Chance when ye get the chance. Hope everything goes well for you  xx
@Danni41 Hope you can post it! I love the Jimi scat. I have the compilation from '04 on my iPod and a nice one popped up yesterday. 
@MetaCuatro Spent a week with a wise man from Kenya do something 4 him his words: Uugi = Wise, Ooga = Truth, Kirimu = Fool Hope we meet 
IDIOTat)tipd Th*nks for the follow!  Hope you're seeing a fraction of all the traffic we're seeing  (knowem)
G'morning Twitterville. Hope it will be a good one for you all.  ? http://blip.fm/~4oqaj
@kamikazekitten Happy birthday!! Hope it's a great one 
@azmomofmanyhats Happy birthday!  Great dress!!! Hope you have a lovely time 
@DWsEventualWife Hope to meet you too! We're gonna have a blast! Have a safe flight 
@Pauljgeorge Nice to see you tweeting!  Hope you &amp; yours are flu-less...  ;-D
@Ember_xoxox Thankies sweetheart! Hope your having yourself a mighty lovely day! 
@SuperwomanAK What's up lady? Just wanted to touch base, Hope all is well  KISSES &amp; HUGS - Anointed S
@NancyHanks Thanks Nancy! Hope all is well. 
@mrkscott Happyyyyyy Birthdayyyy Karl! Hope u have a good one! I'll drink for u here lol 
@betstur Hope you had some luck with Pat!  Tweet tweet!
Getting ready for a day of shopping in Ghent. Hope the weather won't s*ck for once 
going to dinner for Grandpa's birthday today...Hope Hanz behaves...hehehee..Both father and son will be in stripes! Soo cute 
@monicafrancesca looking good Monica. Hope your lead stays this way. Enjoy the rest of the day. 
@mardeck Great idea!  Hope it works 
@JimmyVo hows it goin? Hope u gonna take time out? Every time i read your and Laura blog think must start! Take it easy tweet later 
Going to the zoo. Hope Rob gets out of there okay. 
@Lesley_M Thank you  hee hee Hope you are ok. xxxx
@steveellwood There sure seems to be a lot of Cromarty in your life today.  Hope the weather stays fine for the fence painting.
@hungrydragon Thanx for following me! Hope u ll like it 
@elysion32 Aww u do! Nice  Hope all is well, mama!
@V0TR0N happy birrrfdayyyy!!! Hope u have a good one!! 
Happy long weekend all  sunny in dingle today. Hope the wall is busy though
listening to McFly Its all about you  &lt;3 Hope the will come to germany
@LindaHogan4Real Linda, I just read that tidbit! Hope you're doing alright girl! But like u said, atleast you're not in FL with the bugs! 
@garry1bowie Hope the weather stays dry, would be good to get out and not be drenched in the process!  Better sober up first tho!! lol :p
Rains gone! Off to dressage! Had 2 coffees but still not as hyper at Kermit! Hope sun stays out. 
Hope the weather forecast is correct - just stocked up for 3 days worth of BBQ's!! Keep shining sun 
Wonders when the Logies are... and @rove1974 Hope you win another one Rove 
Eek, too many tweets to catch up. Hope I didn't miss much. But: Alton Towers tomorrow 
@julzharlz good luck today with Zoe! Hope all goes well! 
Have to do some financial and strategic planning stuff with Achim this weekend ... Hope that all promised projects come as planned 
@StaciJShelton Thank you Staci!  Hope yours is bright and colorful too!  
Fiancee is out getting her hair done, left me to my own devices. Hope she doesn't take too long, I've got our day all planned out! 
off to the womens brunch for Hope then the Living Green Expo! 
Gonna make some dinner and prepare to go to work . Hope a make a lot of tips today. Have a GREAT weekend people! 
@Landfrau Afternoon! Sounds like a terrific day. Hope our weather holds out today..tomorrow more rain (which we don't need). 
@mistermilton love your mode of transport to the games at OT! Gr8 result today, need another on Tuesday. Hope you have a gd bank holiday 
Night Twitter. Hope you all have wonderful dreams 
@HolisticMom Hope ur weekend is going gr8, Andrea. How r ur vegan menus coming along? 
@__BradPaisley_ have a great day Brad! Hope to see you in concert soon. 
left my parents to man my garage sale while I work. Hope they sell it all.  People are so cheap.
Morning World!! Getting ready for Rehearsal!! Hope everyone's morning is great! 
@piratewench1020  Hope you guys have an easy move!!   Can't wait to visit from Marietta 2 Murrietta and see Cupid's puppies, lol. &lt;333
@luffpuff Good luck! Hope it goes epically 
@Ilot U r so welcome 4 the FF! Luv looking at ur smiling face! Hope your day is brilliant &amp; blessed! 
OK Tweeps, going to a wedding &amp; reception.  Won't be back online today. Hope everyone has a GREAT day!  
@redheadrambler Yay! Bullshit! Hope you're having a lovely day.  
@SuperDunner Np man! Hope you have a great day and gets lot of &quot;totally radical&quot; gifts 
@sriiniivas nothing much here. Hope Chennai wins 
@SlyChartrand awe.. poor thing... it's a good day to get BETTER!  Hope it continues...
@LukeMaitland I live like two secs away from Camden  Hope you are okay stranger x
Heading to the Comcast Center for the Catwalk Classic. Hope to see y'all there 
@gloria_hayden hey new Twitter buddy  Hope you're having a good day!
Wow, good job sjms cast! Elazteca was the best! Hope lils big sis feels Better...lol 
Fixing to hang with some lifeteams.Hope we don't need Bail money tonight. clc motto: &quot;We will change the way you think about church&quot; 
@studiomiki Watched the race on TV and thought of you and Dallas!  Hope it was as fun as it looked.
PS3 then rest. Early day again tomorrow, shopping. Hope you all have a great night 
@spiritualtramp Good night!! Hope it stopped raining for your yard sale today. 
@Cathlajew They still have the sourdough burger?! Plain n Dry! Ill be at work till 6...Hope u remember 
@WaleDC thewordisyou'llbe at Harper's Ferry onthe8thhereinBoston. Ilookforwardtotheperformance. Hope you don't pull any 'Waynebows'. 
@rodsprod Good!  Hope you had a great night. 
@DivineChihuahua Awe Howls moving Castle is amazing. Hope you enjoyed it other then the fact that it got you down. 
@jackie13 lol Filipino pride in da house! I think the only boxing I'll do is beatboxing. 2 bad I can't tweet it. Hope da lumps were good. 
@NardoOnTheRadio First off...I love ur attempt at spelling &quot;lew ow!&quot;  LOL! 2nd... Hawaii?? Luccccccckkkkky! Hope you had fun Narrrrrrrdo! 
@themuffinshow Awesome, glad you had fun!  Hope your doing good!
@doubelstuffluv1 I know it was such a great weekend Barb. Hope you catch up on sleep tomorrow.  
4 bridesmaids getting &lt;1hr of zzz's. Me, an all nighter. Hope my eyes are not too poofy for my cousin's big event. 
Hope you guys all like the new video  Spread it around and get it out there!
@fountain1987 sounds extremely painful Chris. What happened? Hope everything's better soon 
Hope I'm Rogers 100 follower 
Morning all! We're off to MK today to have a BBQ, and spend time with my nephew  Hope the weather holds though o.O
@fauntleroy Good Night! Hope your able to get some sleep... at least one of us should 
@littlesunflower Happy birthday! Hope u have a lovely day! 
@Misty_Gates Hope the food was good. Thanks for playing Halo.  See you at the show today. 
Beautiful morning  Hope it stays like this for the rest of Summer  I have a cold though, swine Flu!
@_Kayze_ Those are good enough reasons for me!!! Hope you've enjoyed it 
Right, off to watch Wednesday v Cardiff. Hope there's no trouble. (And that the Bluebirds don't batter us, obviously!) Not driving. BEER! 
Its all the same with girls in your age  Drink a bottle of water, open the window and go to sleep again! Hope you will feel better soon!
250 race is brill too! Think the riders are all enjoying a dry race for a change. Hope i haven't spoken too soon. 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/3upg9 - Love both of you! Hope you had fun there  xoxo
@JernejStrasner Cool. Hope i'l see it 2morrow. Will u be able to make phonecalls/sms/internet/tweet? 
@denno88 Hope your joking!!   Stop it your ruining my current zen like state (caffeine racing through my body aside..)
@GillyLiz Hope you, and your friend and son, have a great time in Greenwich. 
Woke up in a timely manner, decided on ingesting buttered toast and an apple... 1:15 till my run. Hope it was a good idea! w00t run!! 
Going for a HTC Tounch by the end of this month! Have my heart on it! Hope its good. 
#adinarayanap - Welcome to twitter.  Hope you enjoy the movie at my place 
@AmyK97 Don't overdo it girl.  Hope you have a good one. Will call you later today. 
@Griffithgardens gm Griffith.  Your Avi makes me smile every time I see it.  Hope the sun finds you soon 
@ahh_shazbot  Good afternoon, Joy. Hope you're having a great day  Me, I'm still in my pj's
I'm awake!!! Getting ready for a day in the country. Hope it rains. 
Leaving for the shelter. Another day at the Yorkville Petsmart's Adoption event. Hope today is as good as yesterday   Drop by if you can.
@Uk_joedan_fan That sounds lovely. Hope it goes well. 
@magali777 Thanks Magali. Hope you're having an excitingly peaceful Sunday. 
@markhoppus Good morning Mark  Hope you're enjoying the #hoppusday thing 
Very pleased with myself because I have made a surprise present for @lizgoingon who is on her way to see me right now  Hope she likes it!
@LSU_Babe1977 Good morning! Hope you have a great Sunday. Can't wait to see you soon. 
@jeshi Hope the marathon went well!!  See you next weekend 
@jmays716 Wow, what a tragedy! Funny picture, though. Hope your day gets better from now on. 
A big thanks to the #pc09 org team and participants. Hope to see some of you guys at SIGINT 09 in CGN! 
@BradOwens Hi! Hope you're enjoying your Sunday! 
@jeweljk Half marathon here in rainy Long Island!  Hope you have a great day!
@rachel_joy Hope you had a good night at Calvin Harris, even though you didn't see me!  Lol x
Missing my Christina-face. Hope she's back before too long. 
@erdoland Great hanging out with you @ #napoconf09. Hope you're  having fun @ Disney. 
@StaceyAnastasia It seems they're becoming somewhat less elusive! I &lt;3 u Stacey. Hope u had fun last night 
@arthurwyatt. Hello old friend. Thought I might find you around these parts. Hope all is well with you and family 
Getting close to Peta's engagement party! Will I have her present finished in time! Hope so 
Taking a listen to our mixed versions of the brand new EP before sending it to be mastered. Hope you are as excited as we are!!! 
@britneyspears Britney! I wanted to go so badly to your show tonight at Mohegan Sun! Hope it was a great show! 
Off to bed. Starting the internship tomorrow. Hope everyone had a good, productive weekend. G'night all. 
@todayshow I wish I was there w/ her! Hope the guys reward her for her dedication! WTG GIRL! 
@marianhackett Hi Marian, welcome to Twitter  Hope you're feeling better!
@McCainBlogette Hope you're in a cab by now! If not, I recommend Carmel car service - inexpensive and reliable! 212-666-6666 
Hope everyone had a great day today. Rainy here all day - see you all in the morning! 
Whats good everyone  Hope everyone had a fine weekend, time to start a fresh new week. Take care. -Lady Kay
@MissChantelle what up Chan! Hope all is well in ATL, miss you here in SA  See you when we play the Dream!
@TheRealJordin Hope things are better tomorrow!  Have a good night 
@tophee Whats new with you? Hope you are still keeping a place for me in Canadia town 
@bertowud Good Night, Hope you sleep well 
@wilw Hope you feel better soon! Missing your tweets on the NHL playoffs! 
@elisachavez Thank you.  Hope you're well, where are you these days?
@iamashlee Hope you can get some  I may possibly have 2 more tickets for the Ottawa show coming my way. If I do, want me 2 keep u in mind?
@inoj he said thanks! baka this year, Christmas. Hope to see you all pag-uwi namin 
@RealBillBailey Morning! Are u back in blighty Bill? Hope u had a lovely time away 
heading out to (a long)band practice. last one before our first show on Saturday night. Hope it's a good one  http://digg.com/u12MIW
@DarryleP Am busy yes...But then always am. Hope you had a great time traveling.  Where did you go?  Welcome back!
Hope I'm not coming down with piggy flu, eyes red. Neck no longer holds up heavy head. Time for sleep.  Sogni D'oro all!
@Renee0579 Hope you did great - you certainly spent enough time studying. 
@vewe haha. Hope U have a Great Laugh as Laughter is the Best Medicine 
@KristinStewart SherriEShepherd gave the link for @Brento http://www.brentozar.com/twitter. He gives Twitter tips. Hope this helps 
They are unloading a Leopard Tank just next to my office window. Hope I didn't piss off anyone 
@tracey1972 Morning babe!  I plan on overdoing it today! lol Hope you do rest &amp; put your feet up! xxxx
@Leesa_W wow-thanks soo much. Hope your well 
@twinklette Hope you  feel better soon little Magic Girl 
@TeeMonster I'm back on Long Island today after spending the weekend in Manchester, VT. Hope you have a great week ahead. 
@Darke_Ascension Hope it's a great one for ya  http://myloc.me/tvD
Having a good...no great day already &amp; Dr.Miracles feel-it formula really does work!! LOL Hope everyone has a good day as well 
Happy monday  up and about going to tavares today. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
@backyardpoultry  Good morning to you too! Hope you have better weather today. 
@Frozen2theSword YAY! Hope your day at work is wonderful, Sis! We have a Bank Holiday in England today so everyone is off work 
@crafty Hope it went well! Was rooting for you both from the (not so) comfort(able world) of PhD application form-filling-in  xxx
@Renato71 Nice one! Hope others appreciate it 
Hope my roommates having a good morning without TP and soap! 
am chillaxin after a busy BankHoliday, Hope everbody had a gd wkend! Holiday in 12 days!!!  xx
Coffee in hand and sun shining in my window.  Hope everyone's having a great Monday morning so far! #monday - MR
I really want to be a star...Hope Flawless will work 
@ben_stiller Morning!!!  Won't mind to meet you in real life  Hope you'll like me too 
About to venture forth to Turkey Creek &amp; fetch the boy after his post prom festivities. Hope he had fun 
Chillin out at home enjoying my new house... I must say I love it!!!  Hope your all having a great day!!!
@michaelqtodd read your status update &amp; just wanted 2 b sure I was on your follow list  Hope u r having a wondefl wkend Michael~blessings
Time for bed!  Hope your saturday was as lovely as mine was...
Buenas noches!! Hope I dream of either heaven, music, dolphins, or the sea. Sweet dreams to all 
@UncleRUSH Hope you get better. I know you will have the best medical attention. if not let me know, I will be right over 
@colorarmy: I'll keep y'all in my prayers but welcome back to TX  Hope you have a good,safe flight 
@jhughes4 Awesome fortune cookie!  I think you really WILL go to exotic places.  Hope all is well!!! 
Happy mothers day to all of you amazing moms!! Hope you have a wonderful day with your loved ones. You deserve it!!  You do a great job! 
Hope everyone is okay, especially Americans who are affected by the fire or the Swine flu(h1n1) . OKay, I should pray for them 
Off to enjoy a Hanami picnic at the cherry tree park. Hope the weather stays nice. 
@LeslieLang It will be an Adventure!  Have FUN with your 5 yr old and 8 mo old! (You're brave.)    Hope you have a great time!
@jodiontheweb Isn't that hilarious? Hope you saw the Crosby is a douche shirt I picked up and wore bc of it. 
@jasonperryrock Is you cat clean again?  Hope so ;) Xx
@nicolerichie Happy mother's day! Hope you have a great one with Harlow, your mom and those you love  You're such an awesome mommy! ^^
... We are playing an acoustic set @ Styles Bar today @ 3!!! Hope to see you there  ...
@djneilquigley   Just saw it tonight as well... Great movie!!  Hope you're well mate! Cheers E
Trying to put down some veggie soup, and watching Bride Wars while my body recovers.  Hope I'll spring back tomorrow 
@mileycyrus Airsoft is horrible!! Hope you didn't get hurt 
@JasonBradbury nice on the jet ski testing! Hope the book is going well. Cheers for adding me, got twitter after watching the gadget show 
Going to Al Ain.  Need to check out one store. Hope i find things that I'm looking for.
Good morning to the world. Hope everyone is ok 
is off to RENT soon  Hope I can get home tonight though with all the train problems :s ...
@brookefraser hey beautiful.. Loved meeting you at Joes on Friday and so did our new little buba  Hope you had a relaxing weekend xx
@delicateone oh I see. Flat packed David LOL cool. Hope be arrives tommorow!!! Squeeee 
@maine_pianatic hi maine! i like your name  I'm very well, right, I'm ready for bed. Hope all is well with you! God bless...
Haven't been tweeting in ages, a combo of hols &amp; tech probs. Hope ya'll well 
@dashoff Poor lil' one!  Hope she feels better soon.  Saline mist is amazing stuff 
Happy birthday @justinbrighten  Hope it's a good one.
@stamoulisnz Good night Stan. Hope you had an awesome day 
praying for my friends at The Springs on my day off... Hope God will still move even though I'm not in the crowd  .  Tear it up guys!!
Afternoon all! Hope everyone's ok 
@ashtokyo thanks Ashna. Was good seeing u yesterday. Hope your ok. Shame you &amp; Ani lost the game of pool...  xx
Happy mothers day.. Hope ur all blessed with a mommy as incredible as mine 
@lilinator Are you going to Tommy's play? I saw the pic he posted. He looked mighty sharp! Hope you guys have a great evening. 
@lell got the London postcard yesterday. Huzzah! Hope you're having fun 
@aplusk was sweet of you to wish all us moms a happy mothers day! Thank you! Hope you and demi enjoy your day! 
@AchtungMusic alone today cuz everybody out of town! Leave me here alone to bored to death. Hope u n teddy bear hv a good day 
@Ryler Yes that is out at the moment. Hope they make a film of Deception Point also 
Hope Mom likes her day today!  &lt;3!!  
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! Hope you all have a wonderful day. 
@XXXTJCummings Good morning to you too TJ.    Hope you have a good day!
Nice day outside. Hope it stays good all week!  Away to Toome for day 
my kids are awesome and I am enjoying this day and thanking God for all his blessings!! Hope you all are having the best of days!! 
@RobPattinson444 Hope you called your Mom. 
@austincarlile aw thats exciting! I wouldnt mind you &amp; Jaxin moving back to Ohio though!  Hope all is well xoxo
@Stewart__ omg you've caught the cycling bug  Hope you had the lycra on lol
Reading for rest of night. Hope you all had a Happy moms day 
Had a wonderful weekend.  Hope everyone had the same! Time to go to sleep! Z.z...z..Z..zz....z....
@Lorimoz Hope it was great! See you in Manchester soon! p.s. I just oredered the Domino's pasta bread bowl! It is on it's way, delivery. 
@Skins Finally something new! Kaya mentioned a cast interview they recently did..... Q's from fans off E4 website perhaps? Hope so 
Nighty night, Tweeties. Fun day coming to its natural close. Hope it was good for you, too. 
@sroakes Very cool! Thanks for the scooperoo! Hope you're great! Jackie 
@JonathanRKnight I was so disappointed at first, but we decided to make the 3.5 hour trip to ATL on 6/4!   Hope you don't cancel this one!
@Dr_Jared Good to hear the movie was awesome! I have been working alot and will eventually seen the movie sometime. Hope u had a good day 
@ireonic Will postpone movie for you, of course.  Hope you feel better soon.
cant sleep. Piece of strawberry cheesecake &amp; watching Hope Floats 
@MiaTyler  Night! Hope the tour goes well  
Good morning everybody!!! Hope you are all doing well 
@wishwithme Happy birthday! Hope you have a great one! 
Learnt to play the beginning of Only Hope on the piano today! I love that song and Zoe for teaching me! 
@puffingrrl_h  really? You should have said hello.  It was great weather and a great time in Ottawa. Hope you had a nice time in the markt
@fwanc How did your test go?  Told u I'd ask. Hope you passed love.
@clareharryruby balloons! Excellent. Hope they have a fabulous birthday 
@helpamotherout hooray for the SMD family... We love hearing from our own! Hope to see you around Creative Arts one of these days 
@Brandon_E hey!!  im good! Gotta dash, but hopefully i'll catch you soon! Hope you're well x
@BittenbyBooks  Night! Hope you get some sleep. You have to be exhausted! lol. Sweet dreams! 
@MoTorres5 Heyyyy brother..didnt know you had one of these jammies lol..Hope ur finals went well!! Love ya..follow me 
@Wandahope  it bedtime actually... lol Hope you have a wonderful day, Wanda! Be a good girl, now......... ;-)
@KevinSpacey People were offended by those capital letters?! How exactly? Hope you have another great day!  x
@SingletaryM I read your article about social networking sites and thought I'd give you a ring. Hope you enjoy your time at Twitter. 
@nipponized You're welcome. Found her on a baby site. She already is, I'm afraid. ;D Hope you're doing great! 
@WhitneyEVE wow i love your apartment!!! Very similar to my new pad in London  xx Hope u are well xx
@MissKatiePrice Loved you and Peter together. Hope everythings okay &amp; the kids are good. 
@gobo2905 Of the two I prefer Basso,rider and looks,he has an irresistible smile and eyes. Hope he can win, it's been a while since 2006 
@Zofia_C oh no. Hope you don't have to keep your legs crossed too long 
@ThrillHillBruce Hope to see you in Dubai one of these days!! Gets expensive flying around for shows 
@ohappleda do yoga it'll fix your back mine hurt too and then i did it on Wii Fit and WOW it fixed it  WIN! Hope work isnt being a bitch.
@myRachel Hope your day going well today!  Good luck looking for a job!  
Back from visiting Shaz at the hospital. Hope he's doing fine  bumped into my uni friends, who happen to be visiting him too!
Good morning all from the east coast.  Hope you're well and have a terrific day!  
Looking up info on how to attend a David Letterman taping. Hope I can attend one, would be awesome 
Getting ready for a road trip  Might tweet a little along the way. Hope Twitter isn't as crazy today.
@pd1001 lol not a chance...that's what keeps me sane!! (well kinda) Esp when i get to do all 3 at once!  Hope ur havin a nice afternoon!
I love my twitter friendz @vasbestkept Good morning luvs! Hope you are starting your day on the positive! 
@LaurenCrace Hiya Lauren, how are you? Hope you are well  Hope to see you in something on TV again soon 
@TangoWalker You have made me smile. What a tweet for this tanguera writer to receive! Hope to share a #tango in July  Have a fab day!
@TheCroft Epic deflection.  Hope all is well, bud.
@jonessamonique I've been well. Grinding. Hope all is good with u! I want to hear ur music 
@gemstwin Yum! back reading has it's benefits! Nice pic. Hope you get tix for the Beacon show. 
@BuellaMarie Thank you 4 the sweet email! Yesterday was super busy but look 4 an email today! Hope u have a great day....u deserve it!  
Installed adorable little stars for rating posts for their &quot;karma.&quot; Hope that contributes to happiness of our Life Balance community. 
@mishacollins Hey Misha just started following your tweets and at 3:30am they are cracking me up lol. Hope your well 
Heading to &quot;hope in the city&quot; benefit with family. Hope traffic eased up! 
@officialTila Sent the questions 10 minutes ago so yay. Hope to hear back with replies and all soon  hopefully no one will think its fake!
@officialTila  Girl you are cool as F**K. Hope you have a great time on your tour. I know your looking forward....take care of u 
i think it's sleep time for me, folks.  Got an early day tomorrow.  Hope you all enjoy your weekend! 
@ ColetteA  Hope you enjoyed eurovision!!  Night&quot;xxx
Seriously, my mind won't stop reeling. Off to the grocery then WORK in the afternoon, got lots to do. Hope you're having a happy sunday 
@bella456 running errands makes your credit card pooped? Scary.  Hope your day was good, tho'!
@TwittingObet Sige  Hope you, @overlordtrainee, @ragdollgonewild, @ferrerman aren't working this weekend.
@jessicalearning I'm just following you Jess. Looking forward for some great tweets.   ..Hope you're having a cool night!
@MelissaPR oh ya...we always have a good time!  Hope you're having a great weekend! Talk soon!
@Erinsk8, I want details on Next to Normal soon.  I am curious!  Hope you get home safely. 
@anartistexposed Good morning! I am just home now after my evening out. Will be heading to bed shortly. Hope the hurt is decreasing. 
Gona be spending my whole day playing drums! 9-1pm, 3-5.30pm, 7.30-10pm. Stil havin a long day to go. Hope I don't brake my hands 
Done  .. Received another call for another job yaaay .. Hope things goes well ..
@jordanknight happy birthday Jordan!! Hope you have a fabulous day 
Cant wait to start my 2nd job on Tuesday. I gotta feeling im gone actually like it  Hope so. smh.
At home with my babi watching STARWARS!!Haha GEEKS!!  Hope everyones had a lovely weekend!!
@Kirsty_H_99 Hope you have a lovely day whatever you decide to do 
@kiransingh Hi Kiran, and thanks for the follow!  Hope the weather is behaving in London today 
@Savvyhamster Cheers darling. Hope I can live up to my hype! You're looking HOT in your new pic if you don't mind me saying so 
@DoMiinO88 haha with my preggo ass...I try. Gn sweetie! Hope to see u at more events! Hit me up 4 guestlists...presales...anything! Xoxo 
I've got new twitter account about Free Realms. My new name is Ghray. Hope you'll see it 
@SonshineChavous thx Chavous  i noticed y bday in my calender for next year. Hope you have found a wedding dress  wish you a nice day
Good nite every1! ! ! Hope evry body sweeps well  Lotsa love &lt;3  - Be yourself. Who else is better qualified  Nyte X X X Peace!
@JonathanRKnight Morning! Hope you are enjoying the sun. Enjoy your day at sea. I hope I get some sun here today 
@missjenn250 Welcome to twitter!!!  Hope you enjoy following me ;)
@DitaVonTeese Hope your going to see good movies. Enjoy  Lara
@a_rybak Great result, well done, loved your song and performance! Hope you're not too tired after the party!! 
@michaelsheen http://twitpic.com/52m7b - mmmm...interesting photo...  Hope to meet you in Montepulciano Michael! ;)
@jatinmitra: Welcome to Twitter, Jatin. Hope to see your twits regularly 
@Q_dog Happy Birthdy!! Hope you have a brilliant time &amp; get treated fantastically 
@SSPU Swoon rocks, congrats.  Been listening to it every day since it was released. Hope you make it back to Vancouver, BC soon!
@Yahzarah Great music sis! I just checked ya out. Hope to hear ya live/share a stage with you soon. 
@goreckidawn an ability to take pleasure in small things is an admirable trait.  Good choice Dawn.  Hope you're well 
@Robert_day26 ..@drakkardnoir ..@stephjonesmusic Hope everything is going well for you amazing ppl 
@nisaho thanks. Hope u will haf a njoyable day in Sch tml as well. 
Moral exam tomorrow. Wish me luck. Hope can get credit or Ace. 
@murraygold Electrica; shocks? Would double shots of caffeine not be safer? Hope the recording session goes well 
@OliverRanch you caught me  I found your post very inspirational, so I translated it for my German blog. Hope you don't mind...
@serenajwilliams hey Babygirl, so good to see u on here! I'm feeling a bit down lately but u always make me smile  Hope to see u in Paris!
Walked to the miracle Mother Mary church, 3 hours non stop. Can barely lift my legs. Hope my prayers are answered. 
Morning!!! Its another Super day in Paradise. Hope you all have an outstanding day 
@goodcharlet Hope you have a super Time. 
@SwiftFire I know! I know! Take some cool pictures!  Hope you're having a ton of fun.  I know if I was there I'd be NOT sleeping! 
@Eddiiii Nice one bruv! Hope you can make it along 
@willisteam Sounds gr8! I think ur contagious! It's starting 2 spread 2 me!  Gr8 feeling! Thnx. U hav a gr8 day 2. Hope u cn stand it! 
Aww what a sensational Sunday. Feelin great to be me. Hope everyone has a lovely relaxed day 
Good morning california. Today should be a really good day and hopefully a great start for my week. Hope everyone has a great day!!! 
@asksarita Hi, Sarita. Hope to see you soon, too.  Have a wonderful Sunday.
phew uploaded that pesky Search Engine Land article. Look for it to be published on Thurs. Hope it doesn't piss off too many developers 
@IvyBean104 ooo 4s &amp; 3s or just standard dominos? Hope you're not cheating poor Mabel again! 
Good morning/afternoon! Hope everyone has a fantabulous day! 
@alisonhaislip sorry to hear that Alison.  Hope things get bettr for you and soon 
I'm helping my daughter with her project about JK Rowling.   Hope we get a good grade!  
@mgbdesigns Hey Meagan!  Hope all is well.  
AmericanWomannn #followfriday Hope al lis well for you today  thanks for the DM
@6stitch Welcome back...amazing how much we depend on technology. Hope you're having a great weekend 
Something about this HOTEL COSTES song makes my heart happy! http://bit.ly/n0SLV Hope everyone is having a great weekend! 
@trent_reznor Hope you are having a FAB birthday w/the future Mrs. Reznor  All the best to you!!
@Ecosaveology   Thank you too... again!   Hope you are having a great  Sunday!
@ames_k The 'crazy' run is in Sept. Still plenty of training to be done. Know 3 others doing it so which helps. Hope you had a good wkend 
@HeyTony I do love #OpenUniversity too! Hope to get BA Hons  Humanities and Classical Studies 2010. Really enjoying it 
Another nice Sunday in Santa Barbara. Hope you all, wherever you are, have a nice day too 
Quite a lazy Sunday. Went to see my Nan then a gym session. Hope everyones having a stress free day. 
@Graham_Norton Thanks very much for following luv!  Hope you're having lovely dreams of fit young men cavorting about in speedos 
@megan__fox Enjoy your lunch.  Hope you had a very nice birthday yesterday Megan. 
@nhoustonreed Happy birthday Nikki  Hope you enjoy!
@KeepQuiet Boo.  Hope all is well my super-tastic-awesome friend 
@aaroncarter7 hey Aaron whats going on? Met u in 2000 back in the day, loved your stuff. Hope the Carters are doing well 
Goodbye, Champaign-Urbana! Hope you have a great summer! I'll be by from time to time to check up on you 
Had a perfect day! Love my little family  Hope everyone had a great weekend!
What a week!  Lotsa Lobsters &amp; Dinosaurs with more to come this week  http://bit.ly/xD04u Hope everyone had a great weekend 
@curtsmith Way *CUTE* Curt!    Hope the school raised *TONS* of money!  Lovely sunset!
@HuMBush sorry to Hear that Mi'Lady,Hope you get to feeling better soon 
@JustPlainBill good night Bill. Hope no aftershocks to wake you up in the night. 
is training himself to wake up at 7am daily for 21 days, which will make it a habit. Hope it works  Exciting Sat coming up!
@hartluck - looking forward to seeing your shows and p!nks in Brissy.  Hope you remembered warm clothes it's getting chilly! 
@mariqueen http://twitpic.com/5exe7 - Very sweet! Hope you two are having a delicious evening together. 
@NoelClarke Attacking the day,or attacking the kid's awful toys? Kidding, of course!    Hope you are great www.myspace.com/themesforscenes
@fhnixon Hope you had fun at ROTR. 
@CoachDeb Hi Deb Hope you're using the Ollie North shredder. Build to handle BIG stacks of paper 
@ittmi Any time, dude.  Hope you enjoy Twitter.
@DavidArchie Hope you had a great time visiting the Philippines David! Awesome show! Come back again soon! Take care! 
@Hatz94 Thanx again 4 doing stickam 2nite! It was really great hearing u sing. Hope ur feeling better and get some sleep 
@DavidArchie Hope you get to attend the AI finals.  Should be a good one   Who do you think will take it?
im finishing up watching the stuff I dvr'd... time for Dane Cook. Hope he looks hot and does well 
@JonathanRKnight Enjoy Yourself!...Hope all of You on that Ship (including fans/supporters) have had a great time!  xx
@kayleelovexx Hope the hunt was a success  Have a great night cutie!
@PriscillaF Good luck. Hope you win 
@theebayk1d I could sing to you - but my Twitter singing is always out of tune.  Hope you get ot sleep soon - sleep good 
@Vaalentia me? strange...is the only way to describe how i am today.  Hope the pain goes away soon. Can Mr Val carry you around for today?
@flutterprincess Best of luck at the dentist. I dread going too. Hope you have a treat planned for afterwards! 
@NunoCardoso http://twitpic.com/5dx24 - There is nothing like 17. mai in Oslo  Hope you had a great day.
Aunt L.V. is staying the night to protect me!!!  Hope my honey has a safe trip!!!
@christinelu Jinkies, you practically live here nowadays. Hope to catch up with you and Chris soon. 
Is scared but excited about this next BIG step he's about to take. Hope it works out. 
@SarahSaner lol - morning, Sarah! Hope your day improves somewhat after some tea or coffee 
@liz_azyan Good luck with the flat hunting and the review! Hope both have positive outcomes 
@RoseyDough. LOL. I feel you. I'm bout to be 6 episodes deep. I was the same way with Dexter &amp; The L Word on Showtime. Hope U enjoy! 
@sylvia_tan I miss you! I'll send you an email soon   Hope things are well with you and Eric!!!
@aurora1901 reading &quot;The Secret&quot; at the moment you should really get a copy   Hope all is well
@aronsolomon Thanks for your wishes Aron  Hope I get better soon too!
@hungryworship Hope the Sweden trip goes well for u! Bless ya.  
@RespectTheWest  Thank you! Hope all is well with you 
@Syesha Hope u visit the Philippines like the Davids! 
@spicycauldron @kymalicious  it is pretty idyllic and even warm! Hope you having bliss too. Happy to share some of mine x
@cderpsch Hope so   Lillie is now sleeping through but I still need to   bbbrrrrrr winter has hit cape town - how are you guys?
@DaydreamLily - Love reading your blogs girl. Awesome. Hope you have a blessed day 
@RichWirdzek RIchie!!!  Things are good.  Hope you're well.  I'm now a follower.  
@ckmusic Hope the Snibston Transport Festival was fun &amp; not too wet for you! Think the flyover was the highlight so far  www.snibston.com
Wow! Fingers crossed on all that @MurrayCS. I'm in the offices later. Hope to see you this afternoon if you're about 
I've finally got (most of) my energy back after stopping the Microgynon and Provera. Hope it stays this way 
@MandyBookLover Morning Mandy  Hope you're having a good day!
@khanserai Awesome!Have a good trip!Hope your time in KSA was well spent 
@tdrracing interviewed by the Chron and mentioned TDR about 10 times. Hope she got the message 
@tallskinnykiwi LOL! Hope you're having fun in Portugal, and that the coffee is good 
@TimFletcher Hope you had a good trip!  Nice job to come hoem to, setting up a new MBP! 
Hope all my Cali friends are okay this morning after the earthquake 
@DJ_AM Hope you had a safe flight! 
@chrisbrogan Thank you. Hope you have a great week ahead. Safe travels. 
@valentino_rossi - unfortunate luck this weekend...the damn rain...   Next race ull nail them  Hope u enjoy the TT Jxx
@bryoz  Hope you feel better Bry Bry 
@joeymcintyre Welcome back EG!  Missed your tweets but love that you refuse to spend the $$ on something so silly!  Hope you had a blast 
@SheonaHG Great interview on you! I finally got to read it  Hope you day is creative and sunny http://bit.ly/6Pysp
@LordBlackadder Sounds blissful! 2.30sm *Pah* no problem! I can do late nights! ;) Hope you get organised in time! 
@perthtones Good evening Sir. Hope all is well in Perth. 
Hi everyone!  Hope you weekend was awesome! About to begin day #2 with Bronwen Weber. Talk soon! Stayed blessed 
#staffdev - Hope you're all looking forward to my session on Course Review training! 
@MissMillions  Kick butt :-P Hope you have a great day... don't stress over it too much  xx
@kristinhersh Hope you're having a lovely time! Am looking forward to Muses at Primavera 
Good morning all! Beautiful looking day ahead of us. Hope everyone has a great start to their week 
@mystica43229 Cool. I'll add it my list.  Hope you're off to a good start this morning.
@coldplay http://twitpic.com/5f798 - Morning Guy! Hope you had a good rest 
@coldplay Morning Guy!  Hope you slept well..
@Eric_Chambers Morning  Hope you have an awesome day!
@suzyhaha Hi Sue! I will be having work experience with your company this summer  I would really recommend Tweetdeck! Hope you're well.
Soccer today at 6:30 !!! Hope i make the Under 14 team !! 
First vet appt. For Lex! Hope everything goes good (and that she dosent have a chip! She's mine now   http://twitpic.com/5f8y1
@LaraK Hi Lara, cute picture of you doggity! Hope he is feeling much better....I'm sure the TLC from you is working wonders! 
Woke up with a headache. Hope this day goes nice and smooth 
@jmurch Thank you John...  Hope to deliver much more over the next few weeks!  
@mariamacklin hi Maria, thanks for following. Hope to see you at one of the events in June 
@justinsiegel  First instincts are often the best.  L.A. must feel a bit like shake and bake. Hope everyone is safe. Been there done that!
Liz the team missed you this morning, hope to see your pretty face tomorrow AM  Have a great day!! Hope u had a good weekend.
TR  @LisaBrush    WELCOME!!!!!  Hope you enjoy tweeting - Follow people who follow back  
Downloading the 'bie de lidl' song from youtube. Hope to put in my own Lidl-visit pictures and then publish it again. Yes I am a student 
@SYDNEYBLU hmmm I think i know you too Ms Blu  Hope your well ?! 
@digital_julie happy b-day! Hope you do something special... er... wait... it's #mayseminar  Have a good one anyway.
Good AM  Hope everyone had a wonderful wkd
@chelsea_playboy *BIG HUGS* Hope things work out soon  Smile... just smile.
@eleesha Morning, Eleesha! Hope you're having a great one! 
@akalostangel Good morning!  Hope you had a good weekend.  
How crazy was it that there was frost this morning! Glad it's supposed to get nicer outside. Hope everyone has a good Monday! 
@ChesterBe cya Chester. Hope you will have a great day. 
HI tweeps! Already after 10pm here, so might not be online for too long. Hope everyone's doing good. 
@kinasonair For your amusement....http://tinyurl.com/p5rfez   Hope you and awesome cats enjoy  
@kingkandee  Goodmorning Kandee!! Hope you have a wonderful day 
@AluraStar Hope everything goes well for you today Alura. 
Your Welcome @EverSexy, Hope you enjoy your play time  // And for ever1 else, stay tuned for more contests / prizes!
Just got a 45 minute walk in.  Walked the girls to shool then Hope and I booked it all around the neighborhood. 
@mommysnacks Seriously loving that Pledge Multi-Surface cleaner- have you tried it? Hope the Lord pitches in on that cleaning 
Morning all...It's going to be another nice day in CO.  Summer is finally here.   Hope you all have a good day!
@Kelzzz85 just realised how sad that made me sound. Ho hum. Hope the work's going better 
Next on the list....Seal...Crazy.  Absolutely!  Congrats Heidi for the wee girl!  Hope she ROCKS the WORLD!  
Hope every1 enjoy their Day 2day! let's be productive ppl  will try to twit later if possible doing a 7hr photoshoot! Lata Luvs.. x0x0
@tayhamm Wow, I guess mornings don't get any better than that, right? Hope it's a nice book.  Have a great day!
Good morning!  Hope everyone has a great day and is able to enjoy the beautiful weather  
@JoyceWLee Are we talking about the same FMCG product here!? hehe Hope all's well with you! 
@Dr3ezii you'll prolly wake up 2 this tweet..Hope ur day is gud and S T R E S S F R E E lol  text me.
@Janeylou74 ...Hope you're ok &amp; you woke from a nicer dream this morning. Have a lovely day hun - soon be weekend  xxxx
@tweetygurl75 The Twilight books are amazing  Are you enjoying so far? Hope so xx
Good morning everybody. Hope you enjoy this day 
@ThePISTOL I heard you had a visit from LAs finest. haha Wish I could have been there. Hope you had a fantastic birthday! 
@TeeZazzle Thank you very much.  Hope you have a great weekend.
@melattree No no, people should follow you!  Hope u have a fantastic birthday wknd btw! Will have to buy u a drink at #27dinner! x
@fortranboy Hope you are having a lovely time  Have you seen any baby koalas yet?
Hope all of you Twitter's are okay. Friday for many of us. Long weekend here in the US 
@robwatts Morning Robert  Thank you for the mention. Hope your day will be a good one. It's 3am here.
@Orchidflower Jeeesus Orc be careful-Hope it goes away quickly 
@bikinifreak Good morning! It's work time for me.  Hope you enjoyed your coffee &amp; have a great day! 
@Pink  Hope you have a great 1st Aussie show 
@paulacoleen They probably didnt recognise u with the new Username? Hope u have a good day 
@fellowcreative Blush  - Thanks Carl, your continued support is ace! Hope all is going well with your site, enjoy the sunny Friday.
Brr, it's freezing here today, might be fire time tonight! Hope everyone has a great weekend! 
@Amurana - Hope you have a good one today! Just a little bit more then Expo, woo! 
@jason_mraz http://twitpic.com/5o19u - Love the hat! Hope to see u back on maui soon 
A little boring in the office. Hope for many beautiful girls at &quot;Am Brand&quot; today! Ladies, please visit P&amp;C + Esprit so I can see you! 
Hope vs Despair from bigspaceship. Nice  http://tinyurl.com/czk2sd
@rhettroberts haha, I wish I could go to Market with you as well! Hope you have an awesome weekend too! 
Weather looks better (through the window). Hope it's nice over the weekend! Looking forward to Fatboy Slim on Saturday! 
@stedavies I sure can - hello please!  I would tweet in Greek but the only word I know means 'dog!' Hope the demo goes great.
@bendau Heya Ben, thanks for following. Hope you have a great weekend. 
@babblingbrookie LOL we heard about that. Also been told, Jason gave Arch a hug, haha! Hope you got one too. Good hugs are a good thing! 
@dressjunkie Never, thats the wonder of Twitter, perfect place to vent all feelings and random thoughts! Hope you feel better! 
@Syesha Hope you'll find your bag soon enough.  take care. 
@Paul_Parlotones you guys are CRAZY busy, man! Hope you're having fun 
@warzabidul Hope you enjoy the arrival of summer. The metro NYC area is also feeling the arrival of summer. 
WHOOPS...just lost lost a follower.Hope the door didn't hit you on the ass on the way out  meant with looooove of course!Ms.Bitchy out. 
@meSerah need some help with @replys? See here - http://bit.ly/13NQRm. Hope this helps! 
@dotnetcowboy Welcome! The guy that owns it is great. Hope it all goes well if you do decide on them! 
@augusten Thanks for sharing these! Amazing to see your memoir in actual picture form! Hope all is good on your side 
@lizscherer GM Liz - Hope the sun stays on your shoulders today 
@Fernweh_84 Helllllooooo Julia! Welcome to twitter  Hope you are good xxx
@RalphReagan Good morning Ralph. Hope you have a great day. 
@nickolaswheeler Deutschland, but nevermind  Hope you had great time there 
Morning everyone! Thanks for all the #ff's! Wife not feeling well so taking care of her this morning. Promise to catch up later! Harmony! 
@lordzion all is very well here. Hope all is good at SLT HQ.  Give my love to the band and hope to see you soon 
@marcusfoster1 That's great Marcus!  Hope you are having a great time and you know we all look forward to you coming here 
@sydneyyx33 Good morning.  Hope you have a good day, and enjoy your Memorial Day weekend. 
&amp; the epic journey has begun. Monsoon in savannah, lost itinerary &amp; at gate record breaking 27 min b4 take off  good sign? Hope so #fb
One interview separates me from Mag's bday celebration and the lake! Hope its a good one 
Goodmorning twitter fam! Doin Inventory checks for TUHT official clothing... Hope everyones feeling great this beautiful morning 
@seeyouonthecall Thanks Britt! appreciate the love  Hope you got signed up for the affiliate program. 
Sigh. Its another manic Friday!  Hope I dont fly out the window!
@cosita You're most Welcome Camilla!!... Hope you're having a great day and smiling 
@DondiScumaci I have to admit i've got a lot to learn from you.Hope to write my first book too someday. Care to edit it? lol 
@Jonasbrothers thank you guys so much for that amazing night, it was incredible. Hope you come back some day  Argentina loves you.
@Rigel38 Glad I could read your mind  I am a Pisces, said to be the most Psychic in the Zodiac. Hope you have a Fantastic Friday!
@ContrabandKing Morning!!!  Hope you are doing GREAT!
@katyperry I don't know if u're the real Katy Perry (there's lots of 'fake') but, anyway i adore what you do. Hope u fine  xoxo
@EminentPRceo - MOST DEF!! Been grindin' on the other end!   U know how that is. Hope all is well with ya! ;)
@ilaam LOL. Laziest #followfriday attempt I've seen yet. ;) Hope you have a good brunch. Sounds yummy. 
@mizzhaze take a Tylenol dahlin. Hope you feel better 
@LyricDatDom GM and thank you  Hope your having a wonderful day
@pierrepharand WAKE UP! .......... hehe. Hope you're having a good day 
@maddie_d hello beautiful. just thought id say i think im coming to Bris next weekend and we should hang-a-lang.  Hope youre well xxxxx
Gilamuffin@ColleenBurns hehe I am excited for the Magic.. Hope to see more monster dunking! Glad your mom is doing well! 
@Catalli Thanks for the sign girl...we were betting on your sign last night!  Amazing our connections!  Hope your Friday is Super!  
@hobogene Hope you enjoy your 3 day weekend......  Stay Safe out there!  #FF
@scottreedstl Awesome!  Hope the weekend is amazing!  ...and pretend Nat &amp; I are visiting too... just in Nashvegas instead of St. Louis. 
@HotChefScott: left ya a message on your AP page. Hope it works out and you come back to us eventually, but above all just do you. 
Hope everyone is well this AM! Off to get stuff done and then time to resume strawberry jam making! Will keep you posted, @mmagruder1! 
@hmason Hope you get better soon. Stay away from those cough drops 
@gregbosma Have a good trip!  Hope the GPS guides you right 
D-1 UGM-BNI JAZZ '09!!Hope everything gonna be alright!semangat teman2 
@DenyceLawton: Enjoy your weekend. Hope your TV will be alright again 
@Ginger_Leigh Morning! Hope your day is fabulous 
@misskellyo- Good morning!! Hope you have a wonderful day. 
Good afternoon, everyone.  Hope everyone's having a good day.
@itsAudio Aw  tht was so sweet. I just woke up, getting ready to start my day. Hope urs is wonderful. Xo!
@Brave55 Have an awesome holiday weekend! Hope it's a long one for you 
Another early morning, functioning on 2 hours of sleep. Keyword 'functioning'! Hope everybody is having a better morning than me 
@glamah nice.  Sadly those are different woods.. only about 800 miles   Hope you enjoyed the PNW though..Get some good seafood?
@jammymusician Nice purchases, you were very lucky. Hope you have finally gotten some sleep? 
@pghjen So sorry I missed your B-Day!!! Hope it was great!! Next time I'm that close to PGH I'll be stalking you for sure! 
@caraprofitness no babe..i need2get my ass into a gym. Been havin too much fun here.Hope2see u again soon missU madly 
@Taylor510CE I love you!  Hope you have a better day today 
@myalchod Heard from Kim tonight that you got sick. Hope you feel better soon! 
Great success in the first test of our live trading room from FastPips.com!  Hope you can join us in the next live room.    It's free!
Good night tweets! Hope everyones nite is pleasant 
@mileycyrus I work all night &amp; TRY 2 sleep some of the day! Only I'm not hyper like U.  Hope U get some zzzz's 
Sleepy time. Hope everyone sleeps well tonight!! 
@Oassiss hello! Hope the weather in Miami is nicer than l.a.  
@hiway Arey bhau, today is TGIF. I'm gonna have the same at office canteen. Hope @abhinn has reached office already. 
@casey_kent HI HI  sounds like u have a lot of fun planned out for today  Hope you have fun 
@joeymcintyre Hope you get your BG pic fixed soon...Griffin is adorable!! 
Going to Tri with Inky laterrr.  Yey! Hope it'll be fun. 
@trohman Hope you're okay. Hang in there and remember...this too shall pass. 
@jordanknight Hope this Twitter Angel kept you safe in your travels.  She does it for me!  
@ausi1 Cool, I see you made further improvements to header and navigation list. Hope you do well 
@TamaraSchilling Hope you have a wonderful trip! Where are you going to? Nice to see your face on here too! 
There were sooo many ppl that came to the palooza tonight. Thank u for coming and supporting. Hope we gave u a good show! good night 
Grading to my Adv Red belt tonight. Hope all that pizza I had at lunch doesn't slow me down 
@christinelu Hope you are having a great trip in Hawaii. Still working on your request. Cheers! 
I'm not loving that Jake will be gone for 4 days. sigh... Hope he has fun though 
What a game...Hope we come out fighing in game 6  @Jr_King
@CeriQ Woot! Awesome! Hope to team up with you later.  Sleep well, Ceri!
@meiko911 poor thing! if i ever win a bazillion dollars in the lottery, i'm buyin you your own Gulfstream   Hope you get there soon girl
...Video of the day...Hope it changes your life   http://bit.ly/IphZP
@Natalie_Brown doing great. Beautiful night tonight! Ready to sleep. Hope ur well!! 
@Harmerj Thanks a lot, Jeremy! my sister  will be very happy to hear that... Hope you aren't suffering from jet lag anymore 
@mymanjon That's a lot of ribbons. Good luck! Hope the camp goes well. 
Good nite/morn, all!  Hope UR #FollowFriday is productive!  Until tomorrow, Cheers and many happy tweets!  
@ABHA88 Congrats lovely!!!! Hope it is a splendid experience 
@iamedic80 Hope all is well tonight I'm up way too late  Need to Sleep God Bless your little Erik
@joeymcintyre hope ya understand? If not, i can do for u?? Hope I've helped  Donna
@robbeemariano yeah!!! Comet 2009! Hope you gonna win the prize for &quot;best band&quot; !!!!! 
@GreyAreaUK Great!  Hope you have a good day 
@JoanneRighetti Hi Jo, nice to bump into you here... we met at the Melbourne Pet Expo back in Feb. Hope you're doing great 
@synapticmishap Glad you had a good time. Hope you have fully recovered! 
My brand new video. Check it out!  Hope you enjoy!!!! http://bit.ly/4RW09
@Jennec_rrt Hope nothing too serious... Tweet ya later! 
spent a good night in Cardiff last night. Off to work now. Hottest day today  Hope I catch some raysssss
@martinhavlat Awesome! good for you  Hope you have a wonderful rest of your career in Chicago!
Set up my mac to encode 20 or so movies overnight. Hope it doesn't catch on fire 
@dar474 10am flight is not too far away...  sleep well and get up by 7am  Hope u enjoyed Tukwila
