Most common words for this cluster:
[('hoping', 152), ('trying', 150), ('today', 31), ('day', 27), ('tomorrow', 22), ('work', 20), ('week', 18), ('home', 16), ('time', 16), ('to', 14), ('morning', 11), ('wanting', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Trying', 0.9106116890907288), (u'Hoping', 0.8925723433494568), (u'Attempting', 0.8086820244789124), (u'Determined', 0.7325894832611084), (u'To', 0.7190945744514465), (u'Seeking', 0.7149574756622314), (u'Wanting', 0.6998669505119324), (u'Aiming', 0.696622908115387), (u'Unable', 0.6511337757110596), (u'trying', 0.650388240814209)]





Going to sleep. Hoping tomorrow is a better day. 
To the theatre again. Determined to see more than the last 40 minutes of the show today. 1st act sounds hilarious but have yet to see it 
Why did I ask, seriously? Asking always leads to answers I don't wanna hear 
Good party last nite!! Shoutout to all the ppl responible for golden explosion.. Hoping for round 2. 2nite.   Stuck at wrk until 630. 
Doing my best to figure out how to Tweet.  Trying to upload my photo. 
Trying to convince former Bonny RPers to set aside their skepticism about last night's awesomeness and give this another go. Failing. 
@BlakelyJames (not his real name) is sick for his wedding  . Trying to come up with bachelor party plans that include a sick groom.
Today is our dear friends memorial.  Trying to find by best poker face.  
Jetlag persists. Unable to sleep until after 4am. At 10.30am I am up and feeling nauseous 
@cookiemonster82 no thankfully not today,but work tomorrow at 6am  Hoping for no rain because of my dead wipers!!!:/
My throat hurts so bad and my nose is so stuffy.. Why do I always get so sick?! Attempting sleep, wish me luck... 
Its 4 and I'm laying in bed trying to sleep. Failing miserabley. 
SO burnt from the beach yesterday   Helping my mom set up then going home, back to sleep and to take care of these 3rd degree burns!
@lauraJaynebaker @robertcjenkin I'm fine, I've just got so many medicines to take   Trying to convince my parents I'm ok to go back to Ed!
Going to see the Yankees today.  Hopefully they'll do better than their 22-4 loss yesterday!   Eager to see the new stadium.
@lucyc_ Same lots of coursework to do  Trying to do mine now
Net went down.  Trying to fix.
I'm really tired. Trying really hard not to have coffee this morning but I just might have to 
@abhishek_b I am sure there is going to be huge changes to #opensource but not via #java Unable to make up my mind on what will though 
bed. Hoping I can grab a NCoT in the morning so I can start trying to shake off the cold 
Omfg. Desperate housewives was sooo sad. I never realized how much edie was a part of the show. Now she's gone!! 
So tired. Trying to fall asleep with a terrible sinking feeling. 
More than collecting the investment proofs, its the declaration site that's more troublesome  Trying hard to declare the investments ..
@jonodown Stuck in the office  Hoping it's still beautiful when I get home
@Tarale Trying to drag some people with me. So not lonely meal 
I feel so exhausted this morning.  Hoping it's not pig flu.  
Listening to KoL before work. Hoping it will psyche me up to go in on such a sunny day. It is doing the opposite... 
iis at home now! Hoping no more storms come so she can sleep, but I think I hear one coming 
is at home now! Hoping no more storms come so she can sleep, but I think I hear one coming 
stupid low battery on the smoke detector woke me up at 6am. Now I can't get back to sleep  Trying this again lol.
is @ the coast.  Hoping it doesn't rain.  It always rains when I'm @ the coast...  
back from camping, wishing I could go back ...  I actually am wondering if I'm ever gonna get my driving license! Desperate ... ^^
Just saw Martin Scorsesse!  To shy to ask for pic 
Desperate housewives really touched me 
Long day....missing Adam  Trying not to take the things I love for granted anymore cause they may not be here the next day.443 Always.
Typical dull bank holiday weather here very dull  Attempting to summon the energy to go to the shops...
Working  Trying to figure this stuff out!
I want to be tired! Trying to go to church in the morning...I might not make it. 
in the tuenti,Hoping that something happens in this boring evening.... 
Insomnia. Trying real hard to sleep 
Siting, Waiting, Wishing, Hoping... 
one job gained, another job lost. Trying to see the bright side of all this 
of @DavidArchie, I would! But I don't wanna be too spoiled. haha! Trying not to cry.  I totally miss @DavidArchie! (
@ChubbyGayMan I am good, just kinda tired. Trying to watch some Dracula movies I bought a few weeks back, but I keep nodding off. 
Laying bed, woke up.. Trying to go back to sleep.. I know this is gonna bite me in ass later when I'm at work. And the Celtics lost  UGHHH
@Moriqua143 Trying to figure out this Heroes thing....its not working 
Feeling melancholy so I am going to lay down for a few..  Hoping everyone has a great night/day
@oldergirlbeauty Hoping it's not bedbugs....   
@ianpriceuk Car coming together nicely, unlike the budget  Desperately trying to squeeze enough for an event or two, unlikely at the mo
Help!! Trying to upload pic for profile, just can't get it to work! aarrrgh  Any suggestions?
Insomnia and a sore throat this week... Trying to stay positive and work on tracks for producer friends but stress is getting to me badly 
One more business day before grades are due    Six &quot;items&quot; left to grade. Hoping to have only one left by the end of the day.
Spent the whole shift whilst at my computer staring at bags of Haribos!! Arghhhh... Trying to avoid the sugar rush!! 
@griffey Desperate to help daughter with ear infections without surgery. 
Desperate need of a massage 
Already getting sad as my family is packing up their things to head back to Iowa tomorrow.  Trying not to have any breakdowns on my b-day!
@tacomachickadee  Hoping your friend and the dog will be okay!
As usual, procrastinating this damn paper for Machado. Trying to see my poo. But he won't answer his phone  shit.
Watching jay leno. Hoping he will call soon cuz i miss him like crazy 
Where are all you Motivated/Determined/wannabe sexy successful young professionals!??! I might really have to join a BNI if there is no1! 
@krissysalisbury don't ask  Hoping that today will be an improvment on the rest of the week. Looking forward to the weekend weather!
I can't sleep ugh!! and I have shit to do all damn day tomorrow. Wanting to take a sleeping pill but I know Ill get up late 
Leaving for Paris tonight. Trying to cram all my assignments for the week done in two days.   I think I'm half done, I hope.
@MINDY979  I wish I knew..  Trying to figure something out here too
Got an appt. w/ the doctor at 4pm today to look at these &quot;bites&quot;. Hoping it isn't an infection. I need more powerful anti-itch cream. 
Listening to Opeth. Trying not to think about missing their show in San Antonio. Failing 
thank god for some overcast and ivory. Trying to get my mom to take me out to lunch egh doesnt look like its gonna work. 
TGIF but its so rainy and blah outside!  I need sun   Trying to figure out what to do tonight, I want to go to Prov to the Hookah bar.
@cosmicgirlie Car not happy, big big dent in boot! Hoping theyre not going to write it off, crossing fingers and waiting 
This economy thing is getting us down. I stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. Hoping Todd gets work soon. 
@LLCOOLDAVE Trying to fix my background 
Cleaning out my desk and stuff! Hoping to find a ring that's been missing for a couple of years now... 
Business is still dead at my job. Asking for a raise would be laughed at. 
I'm sitting at home bored. Wanting to go out but no one to go with 
@tristankent yessss. Accept I don't think said nap helped the way I was Hoping. 
Wow@ austin just called me... Asking how his grandma died and went to heaven...  and was crying out of the blue
Inability to lay in 
Woken up to f*@cking madness here-not fun.  Trying to go back to sleep 
Laying down. Trying to save one of the only relationships I have had in the last 3years, its hard 
Stomach feels very bad.  Hoping I'm ok for my drive to work and the 9 hour shift I'm there for.  Just want to crawl back into bed.  
listing a bunch of remodeling supplies/equipment/etc on Craigslist..  Trying to pay my mortgage, dammit! 
@Neen0 Awwww SaMe HeRe, I wEnT To ReAcH OuT 4 u N u WeReNt ThErE 
Bartending a wedding. Hoping to make some decent tips, but its not looking too good so far. 
...choice but to jump. Hoping your last piece, an RP, would catch U. Or suffer the indignity of being coated on bat guano 
bored!! Trying to finish english homework... 
Discovered flat tire. Too late to fix tonight. Hoping fixing tomorrow plus rounds doesn't affect #vano goal  sigh. it's the little things
I'm going to bed now alone..  ..  Wanting my baby next to me..
Feel really ill  Hoping that I get so ill I go to hospital and get out of exams.
We didn't find the treasure as it was too far for me to walk  Hoping to drive to the end tomorrow and find it.  Mother visit luming 
heading to the lake today. Hoping weather cooperates! If not we'll be stuck in the house. 
Not too happy &amp; quite frustrated...Trying to turn things around to the positive.  Side note:  I'll be studying earth science.. all day.  
Little man has a sour stomach! Hoping he can keep his drink down now. 
Lines, Vines and Trying Times, I need 
missing my sense of smell and taste  Hoping it comes back soon!
left my cell at home today  Hoping I can still get the interviews from the calls I missed. I know I know... I`m still talking ab
@sc430girl aw why silent sweetie? Hoping I didn't offend u 
@YoungQ I can't get in. Trying to sign up and it won't do it 
@E_M0RGAN To bad we have no proof 
Watching college softball! Hoping bama goes all the way! Sad about season finale of the hills tonight 
my tiny yard ended up being a big project...and I had to evict so many creatures, it broke my heart.  Hoping I didn't kill too many.  
Watching ***Waiting To Exhale*** 
@bigyahu thats what I'm doing. Trial expired. Trying to buy it. Just ordered physical product. 
3 am bus station crowds are skeezy. Trying to keep cool by watching some @RyanStar videos from tonights show. Scary 
@claylevering  yeah, wife and baby both. Hoping it's not contagious.
Tune in now for GMK.  Trying to get the coffee working...my voice is struggling a little bit. 
On the office Trying to (truly) wake up!... 6 Days to Leave Madrid 
Feeling sick after hearing about AF447. Hoping for the best, fearing the worst 
@knittingpatch  Hoping you feel better! U want a tea with lemon and honey? What store are you near?
Thinking of the friends &amp; families of passengers on AF447. Hoping for good news, but it seems unlikely now 
Gorgeous day, anyone kyaking? Maybe will throw mine in the little Magothy. Trying not to think bout it, but...228 ppl missing? 
What am I doing? Trying to give up smoking that's what! Grrrr... it's only been an hour 
Left my phone on the train.   Trying to get it back without the ability to call them and tell them about it. The 800 # is not helpful.
 @TheIanCrawford is no longer in the Cab. To say I'm heartbroken is an understatement... good luck with everything! you're amazing ian.
@alexsheppard Not good  Knee slightly swollen and stairs are currently not my friend. Hoping it'll go down overnight!
@djcapone I'm bored. Trying to think of some interesting topics to keep me awake. I'm checkin my voicemails. 
@ Uni. Trying 2 memorize seen Q 4 exam. Not going well. 
Thinking of everyone involved with AF 447 - Hoping for some miraculous news.  Fear of flying officially heightened.  
@danielpunkass Hoping to see you at a future WWDC too.    Should have been there this year, but the tickets sold out.  
I feel like  at the moment... Trying to call Miriam.
@iszi_lawrence Bike's trashed.  Hoping the guy's insurance will pay for repairs.
ugh barely slept at all. Trying now but failing. 
I'm SO over all the bitching going on at school atm   I hate it when they do that...... Hoping things will sort themselves out tomorrow
Maybe my asthmanex isn't working as well as I thought. Needing my rescue inhaler again this morning. 
Sitting in traffic trying to get to The W .. @RickShameless won't let me dj anymore. 
Struggling with math-Hoping this luv will work out 
ahh 5 to go, the end is near  but why do i always feel unprepared? Failure is lumming 
@CactusTri Trying to send you an invite but that part of the site is not working. 
@hunterway It's very sad.  Hoping they can recover some of the wreckage so there can be some closure for the families.  
Cleaning out my closet and amazed at how much crap ive accumulated over the years...SHOCKING!... Trying to part with old clothes 
Worrying about being sick -- or having hay fever -- or whatever this feeling is.    Trying to figure out if I should drive to Pgh or not.
is so ready to go home. Hoping tomorrow morning I'll feel like exercising... unlike today morning. 
Tired as fuuuuuuuck. Trying to get ready for this trip 
@Ozquilter Trying to email you w plumber details but Gmail is down 
Has a fever and swollen tonsils, again  took a pain killer. Hoping it magically goes away in the morning.
@kls010 ........you're not going to find a way to do the 5th?   Hoping they'll be some silvery Hampton action too.
is laying in bed trying to sleep and cant 
Mommy's been trying to feed me more lately - she hid more rice under my veggies and fish. Attempting to eat this mountain of food now 
Getting ready for work and hoping the weekend will fly by since I'll be @ work!! Hoping the economy will get better! Not looking soo hot! 
is about to withdraw all his investment  Desperate time calls for desperate measure. No choice. http://plurk.com/p/yh22y
@deedledeez Dave played 5 bros earlier and I missed most of it.  Hoping he plays it again. @retrorewind #fullservice
My computer's internal wireless card decided to stop working all together...AHHH! Attempting to fix it. I need my #hockey highlights tho 
Listening to the rain...... Trying to sleep...... Its not happening 
Hurrumph! Trying to book a ticket for the ballet tomorrow night and it wouldn't let me  I do a battement on their website then jete jete
just had his ultrasound taken, waiting for results is so agonizing!  Hoping for the best!
Watchin my baby brother graduate  Hoping it still won't rain.
Pouring down here  (summers over) Helping the young beavers at a harry potter day at the local scout camp. the rain is going to spoil it.
I wOkE uP wAy To EaRlY  
Home now. Wanting to be with B. 
Ugghhh got whatever virus Leila has...feel like crap. Hoping it goes away before tomorrow 
In the mountains today!    How beautiful it is at the cabin!  Trying to get over shingles.  
continue to pray for @mrwittykitty7 's &amp; our cat . .  Its still hard for him to decide to put kitty to sleep. Hoping for a miracle
@happyseaurchin was probably my fault and they were cheap anyway.Trying to construct a hasty redirect page 
Strongly fighting the urge to buy the new Palm Pre. Trying to budget. 
The sun is out!!! Quick dash thru Chores to get outside Trying to schedule trip to mom and dad's 3 years ago Jessica left for Germany 
Who did Ireland start with in midfield and up front? Hoping I can get a stream to watch this  #bulire
@MelanieBrandt Yeah, thanks. Hoping I can get past this w/o antibiotics but my experience tells me I'll eventually be there. 
@markkolich  i have the current version of flash  and see flash ads on other sites.  I am kind of stumped. Hoping it fixes itself soon 
It's a disaster in Detroit tonight  Hoping for a 4 goal onslaught for the Pens..
Joey, please don't leave.    Aww, but he must.  Stinking Speed School.  Trying to hype myself up so I won't be so sad without him.  
I don't want to go back to Normal for at least 2 months   Needing more time with my family!
Praying/Hoping/ Wishing for someone. I can't stand these lonely nights 
So my bro did not arrive yesterday  he is only flying here on thursday. Hoping for something good to happen
Lovely drive back home later and the chores are looming  Trying to find an incentive to go home and start a new week....hmmm...still none.
@sridgway Yeh but - lost my ^%$%^ camera  Hoping someone will hand it in......
@mrhankmanthe3rd Hoping they do an early upgrade program again or i'm going to be even longer without an iphone 
Revision  Hoping to start having vocal coaching soon 
Is Hoping that little Harry is ok 
AHHH! I can`t sleep.  or maybe I just don`t want to sleep yet? ) HAHA. Trying to make the most of the last night I can sleep late. )
All packed up and ready to go! Trying to decide what my last meal will be before heading back home to non-legit Mexican food. 
Going to bed. SO much to do tomorrow.  So many people to call this week. Trying to get my life back in order.
Computer is still acting up. Trying 2 fix it. 
wow tyler hilton played in boise for free and i didnt know that till almost a week after the show  Failure
Car. Broken. Trying to find a ride to work tomorrow. Failing. 
@karasaurusrex Hoping he'll come through 
What a long day... Hoping next week will be better 
exhausted.  Trying to write reviews.  Not happy about it 
@HighRateReturn Seems it's Texas. Trying to be fast on the draw caused me to send the wrong answer. *sigh* 
super tired and heading to bed after the a/c leaked everywhere in the garage.   when it rains it pours, I guess. Hoping tomorrow's better!
@NBKinesiology...I can fly to the moon and eat cheese. I really don't know anymore  Trying to be positive but running out of options.
Driving. Trying to find a place to study. 
Going to bed. SO much to do tomorrow.  So many people to call this week. Trying to get my life back in order.
Awake. Trying to go back to sleep, but failing miserably. Once my mental gears start turning, they don't stop. 
's mouth hurts..work 9-5 then class 6-8. Hoping to go to the dr asap.. 
@kevinspaul It's resting on my computer tower and there's a pack of frozen edamame on it as we speak. Hoping for the best. 
25 to life ----- Failing. 
lamenting my failed attempts in Italian. 
I am home from work. Wanting to go ride her horsie but doesn't have a ride there 
@backstreetboys Yay I just rejoined the fanclub. Trying to get used to it again. And now my chat works yay it didn't last time  #BSB
Having a crappy day!  Hoping tomorrow is better 
Going outside to do tricks on my bike (or at least attempt to). Trying to get my mind off of everything. really confused and worried 
is Hoping the severe weather doesn't get bad tonight 
stayed up till midnight for Lines, Vines and Trying Times and I check itunes and it's not even there!!! 
@deanschick I'm ok. Still bummed about what happened  Trying to straighten this mess.
Maybe my dreams will come true one day, but for now dreams they shall stay. Hoping they come true soon... 
@valasjak re dieting; trying to fix the food thing first, one step at a time, you know me. Trying to eat more fruit/veg &amp; less chocolate. 
Really hating being so broke. Wanting to work full time badly 
Going to bed. SO much to do tomorrow.  So many people to call this week. Trying to get my life back in order.
Haven't been able to sleep at all tonight. Attempting to keep the stomach monsters away. They keep raiding my tummy... 
The attempt at going to sleep didn't work so I am pulling an allnighter. 
@labfly I'm worried about @varin, too. No word since last night that I know of. Hoping to hear from her soon. 
Waiting for my friend to go to lunch. Trying to read article on @ymib site but it wonakt load the page 
Trents turn to be feverish. 101.4. Hoping he doesn't spike near-104 like Jr 
Going to Maryland! To a funeral... 
Today!!... Lines, Vines and Trying Times!! but I still do not have one.  I have to buy! jeje
is wondering how to get a large spot of spaghetti sauce off a very light carpet   Hoping for good results with steam cleaner tomorrow...
quero o meu Lines, Vines and Trying Times! 
I'm in the middle of one of the scariest storms I've ever been in! Hoping a tornado doesn't develop! 
LVATT isn't a tranding topic anymore  but #Trying Times is Oo haha weird!!
SO DeF NoT GoInG To BE AbLE To SlEeP ToNiGhT  
Electricity issues.. Unable to recharge battery.. 
@tsteinbergerh babes, go back to bed, you're not well. Forcing yourself to be productive when you're pooly is counter productive  takecare
Another failed attempt. 
Going to bed. SO much to do tomorrow.  So many people to call this week. Trying to get my life back in order.
@sandyzahler storm is gone but left nasty fog &amp; humidity in it's wake...Hoping to see the sun today but chances are not good 
Working til noon, then with my grandma for the afternoon. Hoping for some sunshine and less rain 
is up and barely moving after spending three hours sorting the boys' clothing yesterday. Hoping that pain meds will help.  
is mad at myself cuz i didnt buy Lines Vines and Trying Times yesterday  1 reason was cuz i didnt have a ride 
Errr off to work, didn't get to finish charm school  if anyone knows who got sent home let me know!!!! (Hoping k.o.) Lol
I guess Starbuck's really does make the world go round. Hoping to enjoy the last sun for the day, and then clouds for a week or so 
iPhone 3.o Download timed out. Trying again 
had fun with the Sims 3, sadly had to part ways. Hoping it won't rain so much tomorrow 
@mr_billiam maybe a tad better than yesterday.Hoping I ddnt give it  to my in-laws. They spent the wkend here  What's with your phone?
@caryl My posts wont' go through at IAG  Trying to play with you and rosie.
@dietsch Once I get Haigh's book in I'll check it out!  Congrats on that, btw.  Hoping it'll be in shortly (weeks, not days  ).
is irritated that her AIM doesn't work anymore  Trying out trillian
Enjoying the silence with the kids still sleeping~~~ Wanting to have a cup of herbal tea in my favorite cup. But I broke it... 
PG did not hire me.  Trying to think me joblessness as exciting opportunity rather than depressing scary state of being.
@rjucks not in awe yet, haven't messed with it too much yet though. Trying to figure out how to run background apps. I expected more 
Sitting on report at work. Hoping to sit till 4 and go home. Don't want to drive in the rain. 
I'm at work impatiently waiting for lunch time. Hoping I don't starve to death by then. I skipped breakfast. 
upset... Needing a new transmition 4 my jeep 
on way home after a 'busy' grown up day ; ) . Hoping to go out later, but not sure if we'll make it now. We're stuck in rush hour 
overly-tired today.  Hoping to get a nap this afternoon?  The hub's goofy sleep schedule is detrimental to me. 
Just finished setting this thing up and not Wanting to go to work in a while 
Starting in on John's new play room. Hoping to get spackle, sanding, primer, and white paint done today. P.S. - I hate the rain. 
Feel so bad for Rob. Trying to run away from crazy fans and gets hit by a taxi. 
Yesterday, I found out a coworker died.  Trying to ingest as much chocolate as necessary to feel better.
Traffic is so backed up! Trying to get into pillly during rush hour sucks! 
SO frustrated with this reporting class.  I'm definitely not cut out for this.  Trying to figure out food before returning to Union.  
im sad. i still dont buy Lines, Vynes and Trying times... 
is sick of having such a divalicious wardrobe and no man to tell her she looks hot  Trying to get back into dating, but how ..
imagine Adameme without enough salt.. Its just a boring soy bean.. LOL..  Needing Salt!!
@CandissCandi YAY!!! To feeling better....and wifey...and what me do?heehee  Vodka is a cure all...ok maybe just for alckys like me 
Sleeping last night was more like a nap and less like anything remotely rejuvenating  Hoping for a fast day at the hospital!
Something happened to my friend's armm.. Asking what happened 
Everybody deserve a second chance     What if its a Failure, on the second time as well ? http://tinyurl.com/ngwff5
This headache sucks! I didn't even drink that much..   Hoping things will be okay again someday..
It's 80000520 degrees outside! Trying 2 get up the strength 2 walk out there 
Damned, its too hot in here... I'm gonna look like a pitty..  Hoping that nobody's gonna searching for a mop
Wow. Hm. Trying not to be disappointed. 
@pnbsport man, hurt my shoulder in a bad way 2.5 weeks back at gym, have not ridden since! Hoping to try again next week 
I left my heart @holdenbeach  Hoping to go back for a couple of days around the fourth
heading out to branford with lissa. cant find my bank care  worst timing possible. Hoping for a miracle pray for me @heidimontag
Quick Q - the 88~89 GTS tach/speed cluster should be the same as one from the 91 year correct? Trying to track down some wiring ghosts. 
Is still @ work... It never fails. Trying to get out of here, txt me 
My background picture was deleted somehow   Attempting to get it back and it is not working.
@thebraysmommy OOOH Europe sounds fun! Would love to travel overseas. Trying to get stationed overseas, not looking good 
Off to the park to run the kids ragged. Hoping the pain killers go the distance 
@jordanknight Hoping u got ur &quot;Betrayed&quot; situation figured out. 
Someone just scractched our Benz.  To all haters n green-eyed monsters, i don't know how ya'll can sleep at night.
Fb off 2 do some desperately needed laundering. Trying 2 get it in b4 the rain falls 
Just woke up. Trying to go back to sleep but my grandma won't let me. 
On the way to my uncle Mikes funeral  About to be w/ my mom + grandrents. The emotions r overflowing. Trying to remember his funny jokes .
I left my heart @holdenbeach  Hoping to go back for a couple of days around the fourth (via @AnNa_HaLe)
I'm sleepy  ... Trying to wake up ... Not happening ... I think I see starbucks coming up soon ;) ...
My attempt at sleeping forever has failed 
at work today.  Deciding on where to go for lunch... hmmmm
Going to bed. Hoping that the double espresso shots don't take effect now. 
@Mimeki Trying to feed my bad boy and get him dressed. I wanna hit the streets! I have no destination though 
Meh! Trying to sleep in but the whole house is awake, thumping about above my bed room. 
2 1/2 hrs to go. Needing some me time 
Now examless, but Chem finals went so badly I'm worried I'll miss my offer for Edinburgh  Hoping I scraped a B &gt;&lt;
Drinking a big glass of wine...Wanting to go out tonight but my bff switched out on me 
@shaunjumpnow @ shannonhochkins Trying to buy a Horeur shirt, but its not workingg 
@bratta @cawake Hoping next time I'm not stuck at work!! 
@RealRobBrydon None of the new dates are Cardiff  Trying to get tickets for you on home turf is hard, always a sell-out!
jumping jacks, green tea, and Leona Lewis 3 in the morning. Trying to cure the effects of a nightmare 
Don't want to hear anything bad tonight  Hoping for miracle!
@irohan just came back to pune yesterday late night. So spending time at home today. Unable to attend  @saurabh16 @netrockers
@FarrisGoldstein I've been feeling pretty nasty too, but haven't yet blown the chunks. Hoping I don't 
@Jennifalconer Ah so it's tonight!  Trying to find shortlist online but don't think it's there.    What did you decide 2 wear?
Heading home from Iowa    Trying to decide if I should try to catch the open tonight...
@ Alcan festival again. Tireeeeeed! Hoping the weather will clear up 
Husband went to go find his bliss on his motorcycle.Trying to decide if poaching bratwurst in beer is part of AA plan.Methinks maybe not  
Slightly sunburned  Hoping it sinks in overnight...
Off to Nutritionist appointment. Hoping she'll be able to sort me out  
Trying to organise a class gathering. Failing miserably. 
It's a rainy day in the Bahamas.  Trying to register for my Masters courses.
is sad today...not sure why. Trying to wrap her head around it... 
Toronto city workers on strike, LCBO workers look to be on strike soon. Hoping this is all resolved before I get back to the city 
2 for 2 in setting stove on fire last 2 nights I've cooked. Hoping husband cooks tonight. not looking good w/ him having sprained ankle. 
@FionaMcC Pleaaaaase change your password  Your account has been compromised. Hoping you're well.
Watching final prison break  .... Hoping michael lives ...
And this is what I get for thinking horrible things  Hoping everything is fine...
Now that I am feeling better, my babies are now sick   Hoping everyone gets better soon...
10 month old has 102 fever. Prepping to possibly head out to ER. Trying bath to bring temp down. 
My blog is down  Trying to get a copy up in another server but the backup, setting up the theme, etc. sucks.
@Asohan I know.  But I have to have it! Trying to get Lucifer Morningstar is another hard one... sigh.
I need a serious distraction from all this mess. Trying to fake grace. At this age you'd think I'd stop crying over girls. 
OK, finally threw everything out.  Trying something completely different, just have to learn it from the ground up... 
Oh my good lord! It's 4am and I feel like I am gonna die.. Trying to get back to sleep 
Determined to have a really productive today. Though not starting well as the office is already getting too warm 
Has a broken heart.  Trying to be strong but that doesnt allways work does is???
Waiting on phone repair man. Hoping to have my phones working soon  Also praying this is a better day
Waiting on phone repair man. Hoping to have my phones working soon  Also praying this is a better day
Jus woke up. Hoping that you'll tlk to me today  didn't really sleep long lastnight
To hospital radio in a while,  download some logging to listen to on long drive to Norwich  next week. Hoping to blog today but no time 
I am so freakin sore today! My personal trainer earned her $$$ last night.  Hoping I can move around today  #pain #fitness #ouch
Went to the doctor, got some meds for the pain.. Hoping they work so I don't have to take x-rays.. Dreading going to work today.. 
@mileycyrus counting sheep doesn't work.. Trick is.. Trying to stay awake. 
@phomor LOL Hoping for no last minute cock-ups but planning for them nonetheless I hope! 
is watching bungee jumping videos trying to imagine how I'm gonna look like doing it on may 10th... Hoping to have fun! 
@davethackeray  It's my first attempt, but I think I like printmaking 
@judielise Our fingers are crossed too. Quite a relief to know he feels better.  Hoping your work is coming along fine too.
Going to my mama's house. Hoping for some mom's homemade cooking...yum 
is off to KL! To climb a hill for some shots of the sunrise. Insyaallah.  
Sitting in a classroom w/ computers is counter-productive, especially on the last day of CLASS   Hoping to make it home in time for Game 2
Wow woke up to 113 new twitter updates. You guys do work late at night on here. Off to Starbs. Hoping to score some 7's at the rack 
@meetmeatmikes you're welcome. I randomly stumbled on it but was rapt to do so. Hoping to get my students into craft at school 
Off for the rest of the day. Trying to figure out what to do about my so-called career 
OK, I feel a bit pants - why?! I can't let go from work, what a wally. Helping with the roast today. 
@griffmiester You eat food and socialise! Trying different restaurants 
@andyregan Beautiful! Hoping to make a trip soon 
I'm starving.  Trying to wait until lunch to eat leftover lasagna..  YUM! 
@biadventuress I'm doing very well! Hoping to have some escapades as titillating as your blog posts 
@ home feeling relaxed and centered. Wanting the time to quickly go by until I can take off from T.O again 
Morning. Hoping today I manage to solve some of the problems that came up yesterday. That's as near to positive as I get 
@j0nnie  ... the obsidian sky. We're marooned on a small island,  In an endless sea. Confined to a tiny spit of sand. Unable to escape 
@ChicyCreations I applaud the attempt 
I look cute today.  wearing my red dress to a friend's wedding. Trying not to obsess over how much i hate the girl an ex likes. And t ...
@MargreteH Sounds nice  Trying to do some homework.. -.-
Wedding planning with @stephaniemoore1 and my mom! Lots to do before Stepho's shower today. Hoping we can squeeze in the Derby too 
@clairelrowland  That is awesome that you do that.  -- Trying myself to conserve..
Lines, Vines and Trying Times 
@napattacks Oh, I love Parenthetical Girls!  Hoping we get to visit Portland on tour this year!
Eager to get the gigs started, getting the ep cover design tomorrow, and looking for forward to the music video shoots 
Just woke up layn dwn next to my mommy. Deciding if we shall get up &amp; start r day 
I'm going to caulfield. Trying to study! Enough playing all these months, sweetheart 
@SiaLikeWhoa Trying out new stuff?  Consider me a guinea pig  
@VampGirlinOZ Never!!  Hoping all the reading and typing tires me out. 
@darrensoh yup, studying. At least I'm trying to. Trying to let the stuff I read enter my brain permanently. 
@thebraysmommy thx! Hoping it's a good week. 
@Alleywater She's good. Trying to suss out chap 7 when I'm not working. Trying to suss out a lot of things, but meh, you know whatever! 
@Dana_Willhoit Hoping your A/C is being fixed right now for you! 
is enjoying family time. Hoping to be able to make a graceful exit and enjoy some friend time soon 
Its sunday morning and birds are chirping. Hoping for the best and praying that its the best. 
So loving &quot;We are the people&quot; on these Phat Headphones !!!!! Trying to hold my self back from singing out loud 
check it out, its #followfriday tomorrow. Hoping to find a few new people to follow in Aus. If you know people, use the tag #followaus 
Thinking...... Trying to forget about my whole past!  not liking any of it!
Going Shoppingggg!!  To buy my mum a present for her brthday next week....fun times... 
Achy morning after the wedding body, off to have some brunch. Hoping that'll cure me 
20GB free space on my laptop.. I think it's time to get an external hard drive. Trying to hit 1,100 updates. Just two more 
being bored isnt very fun when you are just sitting in front of the computer. Hoping to get to talk to mike later on today 
Just got back from Hyde park .. Hoping for good week ahead  plus I'm a vegetarian who eats fish now 
Excited to go get Chipotle with my mom and grandma  Hoping I'll be able to get into the FOB concert tonight!
@domientos same here  Looking forward to #2M09  Hoping to kick some award's ass! $
I can not believe it's monday already...what happened?!! Hoping this is just a bad dream..please let me wake up on saturday 
@littlebead Not bad! Trying to remember all the things I was meant to do today! 
@moanasaves Oooh, really need 2 invest in good pairs of shoes &amp; don't like shopping! 2day slipping away fast. Trying to cram 8hrs into 4 
In school  Hoping my DVD arrives in the mail today. Then I have something to do, when I only have two lessons tomorrow 
Desperate housewifes &amp; chocolatepudding 
@DavidArchie I will always be inspired by your songs and achievements.Hoping someday I will be like you.-Pocholo Bismonte(Phil.) 
@JrShortStack Trying to get: #swayswaybaby #swayswaybaby up tonight in celebration of first airplay! 
Shortly I will have to attend an internal meeting. Hoping to get a good view of one colleagues boobs. I guess it an E-Class... 
I am dreading the packing. Trying not to think of anything but the beach 
~working out &amp; cleaning the house for a bit. ** Hoping to get the call for the job! 
@freddietastic All is well in the world of krisis at the moment. Trying to kick off my week with enthusiasm 
going for a little dinner  at @WizeKidCade 's dads place .. its his sisters birthday tomoro  yayayayaaa ..  ~*HapPy BiRthDay To MiCheLLe*~
@onlinebeta Can we expect to see some new invites in our inbox this week? Trying to patiently wait for the mentioned HT beta to show up  !
am going 2 c a girl 4 my elder bro...he he! Hoping 2 get a positive behavior from them  
@Aiysha thats an awesome phone!!  Hoping to get these as a work phone soon! 
At home, having a long weekend. Helping my wife get ready for her book launch party later today on campus  I am v.proud of her.
getting ready for a full day in the salon. Helping women look and feel beautiful, so much fun, can this really be considered work? 
ist Sitzung next to me @MPTV. Trying Tor tweet 
@lightnessalways ur first one will take a while I'd say! Trying to make sure u get everyone that u chat to is difficult! 
SUmmer! &amp;&amp; how do i spend the first day? Helping this lady clean out the house of a dead woman. :/ but at least imma get some sonic. 
@badkitty812 Saw a pirate and rainbow flag and wondered if it was you.  I'll let you know if we end up out tonight. Hoping so.
just got bumptop, trying it out 
Twt @RockintheRobin: Hoping to try a shrimp sandwich 2morrow! 
