Most common words for this cluster:
[('hospital', 282), ('doctors', 170), ('care', 120), ('doctor', 117), ('surgery', 64), ('health', 63), ('today', 31), ('medicine', 27), ('hospitals', 25), ('appointment', 24), ('amp', 22), ('mri', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hospital', 0.821535587310791), (u'doctors', 0.7920505404472351), (u'doctor', 0.7345631122589111), (u'hospitals', 0.6983414888381958), (u'hopsital', 0.6911393404006958), (u'Hospital', 0.6894055008888245), (u'spokesman_Heru_Nogroho', 0.688495397567749), (u'medical', 0.6851477026939392), (u'hosptial', 0.6713886260986328), (u'patient', 0.6700109243392944)]





@getvisible journalists are up there with ambulance chasing lawyers in my reckoning 
off to the hospital :S some jaw breaking is about to happen! 
Off out to doctors appointment. 
Sitting outside doctor's surgery so it's my turn now  bah what a holiday !!!
of to the hospital for an x-ray 
Getting ready for the floodgates of patients to open. 
going to the doctors again for the anxiety 
@darker_artic same... dont wanna go to work today  Care to give me the day off?? ;)
@Dolly100 good luck with your MRI hun, thinking of ya!  they are yukky things!
is taking her medicine again.. 
The doctors are just after leaving 
Doctors appt 
hunwick is in the hospital 
I hate hospitals 
Going to Urgent Care 
Is looking at health care homes for my mother-in-law 
is about 2 savour his last coffee b4 fasting 4 his operation 2moro @ the Shepp Private Hospital @ 7am 
I'm sick.   But you are taking such good care of me!  
@SarahSaner Did you she fell of her horse again &amp; landed herself in the hospital. Apparently the paps startled her horse 
I think I need to go to the doctors 
I'm sick  I'm calling the Doctor tomorrow methinks
is getting more nervous the longer i have to wait to see the doctor 
About to go to the hospital. 
Heading to doctor on base.... 
my throat is swollen and tight, and health services is closed 
Hospital-were pulling the plug today.  i freaking hate hospitals. 3rd week in a row ive spent in a waiting room--for 3 differnt people 
I'm going to the hospital...i think I have food poisoning 
my aunt's in the hospital, going to visit her 
apparently i am getting surgery soon...  G-R-E-A-T... 
Morning. Crummy day ahead. Hospital this morning and getting the drains jetted this afternoon. 
Just got back from the doctor. It still gives me bad vibes. 
i saw my doctor and he has said that i have tonsillitis 
@stampinhannah they didn't give him anything. I had antibiotics from the doctor and was told to alternate ibuprofen and calpol. 
Going to the doctors 
is dealing with his unstable health. 
is off to the doctors. again. how long until they find out what's wrong with me?! 
my acoustic neuroma on MRI is 2.2cm. im feeling numbness on the leftside of my mouth and  sometimes headaches on the lefside. 
Didnt sleep well. At all.  and going in for bloodwork at 8..
I'm about to go visit dad in law in the hospital 
and. i'm so guilty because my bestfriend's in the hospital,and i didn't visit him 
soo tired! was up at half four calling an ambulance for my mum! 
at the doctors 
at westmead childrens emergency hosp at strt of our hols - my little A might have fractured her arm 
I join the bad joke-athon: A midget goes to the doctors and says &quot;Doctor, everytime it rains my froufrou hurts.&quot; 
@ananyah That's not good  U been to docs?
awake. gotta take my dad to the doctor then work, then i go to the doctor, then back to work. 
not feeling so good. Off to the emergency vet. 
...back to studying surgery  
is dosed up on penicillin, clearly the lingering illness reached tipping point yday, as I was forced to call on the emergency doctor 
Taking care of a drunky at a friends place  this is one of the few times I wish I wasn't a nurse!
Sitting in the ambulance now on the way to the hospital to check my heart's condition  Hopefully there is nothing wrong with me. I'll let
I'm off to see the emergency doctor 
My grandpa is in the hospital 
doctors appointment.. 
Bad idea: strolling through town with a swollen knee  doc says: meniskus. I say: ye olde partially torn ligament. MRI will decide.
Taking the A4 to the Doctor 
Getting ready to go to the hospital and see what is wrong with me im soo sick 
in bed being taken care of by nurse cat. she's wonderful! watching the sunshine outside wistfully 
@mandyluvsjbx3 I get the silent treatment 
@michpee i needa vent  psych ward?
I can't  you're far away! And I don't have gas. And I work from 10 to 6. I am sending you my love and I hope stupid doctors find out w ...
I had a lift home from a Ambulance early in the morning with a sick mate!! 
@SazFOB i know  and i heard he was rushed to the hospital?
@trishtype just be happy you have your health.  apparently i do not 
@McScouser  take care and get well soon! How did you get sick with all the alcohol in ur blood! should have killed any virus lol
Last period!!! but I have to go to the doctor after this   
I get so emo when I stay up past 12  I don't think about it too much but it's still hard sometimes. I'm being as patient as I can...
@annazhaao I'm sure it would mean something if I knew what 'hitting gold' and 'add-ons/unit' meant.   Care to sexplain? ;D ;D ;D
in hospital waiting to have a ct scan... so scared  i just want daniel
@Nightwyrm Sounds like your DHB is just about as good as MidCentral's 
@xMyrthe (A). I should get dressed.. have an appointment at the ortho at 2.15 
Going to the docs 
Tired.  At least I get to sleep in tomorrow - but, I also have be hospitalized (outpatient) for the angiogram 
@prettymonsters Your medicine isn't helping? 
from *kilig* and *excitement*, i got so depressed thinking about my HMO  well, not depressed. mebbe just a little sad and teary-eyed.
@LalaLopez i'm sorry  karma will take care of them
health poster 
@_anesthesia it is terrifying and i hate it and there are no seats 
Wish I was close enough to take care of him 
I love trauma shows. i wish i was in medical school to be a trauma surgeon 
tired to the maximum. dad's about to leave to go back up to the hospital. i want to go too! 
recently in a hospital 
So worried about my surgery.... I really wish I wasn't all alone  
@_mel_ argh. They are planning to cut the Medicare rebates for birth related services too 
Hopes you feel better soon ...   You need a sexy nurse ot make you all well again....*looking for nurses outfit*.. 
I don't want to go to the doctors. 
very nervous about my ortho appointment 
hmm...i wonder if i should go to the doctor...i really don't want to! 
I'm not feeling great health wise. 
Hoping that I dont have to make a trip to the hospital for the boy and his fever 
i need a nurse  
im going 2 the doctors now...wish me luck? :\ uggh i hate the doctors  cyaaa xxx &lt;3
There she goes.... The ambulance was for me.  - http://twitpic.com/50spo
sidetracked from packing for the move...dad is in the hospital 
At the doctors 
 mayfield psychiatric hospital.
Revising for Veterinary A + P exam friday  I hate exams, I love animals 
Still in the hospital 
This hospital visit bought to you by less free wifi 
@ingvild1211 no i havent I've been @ doctors visits out my butt 
Pissed off with my health!  
I hate doctors!  4 hours today in doctors! scary!
@TomFelton what happened to u? why r u in a hospital? 
cannot ACTUALLY believe he fucking forgot about his hospital appointment and actually wants to cry   
@PLeahcar This is my first day back at work for 8 working days = not fun! Drs have added another 6-8 weeks till ankle recovery 
@TomFelton wait why are you in the hospital? 
unfortunately, t.i.p goes to jail may 19 or may 20 
can't talk and didnt bring any medicine 
@jbarnholtz Care to write a letter to my cough, too? He doesn't seem to be getting my letters  lol
have to go to the scary doctor today  very nervous.  hate doctors
This wind outside is no joke! Doctor's office still hasn't called  don't know what to tell my boss
has to go to the doctors  boo-erns.
Taking my son to the urgent care 
true care chat 
is sick. wondering where my medicine is?  
@ManiKarthik  .............. take care!!!!!!!!
health and safety is sooooo dull 
frigging hates doctors!!! hollyoaks should of won 
Is going to the hospital 2moro to solve the knee problems!! Hopefully an operation won't be needed! 
@lonemat  why you doing that? *Gives you hugs* the ellies are telling me telepathically that they want to go take care of you..lol.
I need a personal care bear 
i wouldnt be suprised if she had a shrine of me.   i feel like i have cancer.
has to go to the hospital soon and i dont want to go 
I think I have an ear infection, going to the doctor tomorrow for it 
Poorly tooth + lots of pain = emergency dental appointment 
in the hospital 
is going to the doctors later 
@TJBella your having surgery again??  what for?
I hate hospitals! Makes me so sad.. 
Hospital day. Not fun   I miss my friends.
Fish stew in mushroom sauce. Hospital food reaches new lows! 
Going to Fremont Hospital new hire orientation on one hour of sleep; only one hour of sleep b/c someone tried to break in last night 
@tonei  *hugs*  I guess they did an MRI this morning and they found a spot on his lung.  That can't be good.
must do this stupid report on childrens health 
       i really2 don't like this condition. sucksssssss
Almost time for the stupid doctor again; I guess I should get ready. I am so tired of doctor visits 
@alycia_ann I DO! But these patients won't appreciate me ducking out. 
At the doctors office with an sprained ankle. Now i won't be able to train for several days  http://twitpic.com/5famq
@SherryinAL sorry to hear that  She must have excellent care there - 14 is incredible for setters.
The health care system today promotes drugs and surgeries as definitive answers to human health problems.  http://tellafriend.onebode.com
Hospitals are sooo cold 
just got up a little while ago...back still hurts. my doctor better figure out a solution for this 
@c_rmen aiyo  take care little carmen
@ work stressin about our colleague that just had a heart attack and is in the hospital right now 
needs to go and get ready for the doctors, poorly me 
doctors soon 
Also got a letter from Medicines san Frontiers, who we also sponsor... apparently life EVERYWHERE is pants.  I want happy news, MSF!!!
erghhh stil feeling like shite and missing non uniform  my mum is finally going to book me a doctors apointment but i have no lucozde left
@pet2107 no, but thanks for the offer, my hormone treatment isnt working and at this point looks like surgery is in my near future 
is worried and wishing her doctor hadn't retired. 
is getting worried and wishing her doctor hadn't retired. 
slept in and missed doctors appointment... 
why are good doctors so hard to find? 
but then i have to go to hell(health) so maybe that's not a yay...  
@bubblegarm i know! i hate it sometimes!   why can't i have picked a secure career like doctor or lawyer, LOL!
this wicked friendly marine with a sad story just came into the waiting room. he's here for chemo treatments.  i hate naval hospitals.
Doctor started me on blood-type diet yesterday... I'm B, so no more chickenn, nuts, lentels, wheat, chickpeas... *shrieks in despair!* 
@BetterTogther  im so so. my parents have been in an accident. its pretty bad. they are both in the hospital  how are you?
doctors office 
Hasn't been getting a lot of sleep due to these stupid sinuses....Doctor today 
@LMH381 oh no! that sucks! so sorry to hear that! 
I'm at the doctors 
@canadianfamily Nursing! And stroller walks. I don't have time or a babysitter to make it to the gym anymore. 
Getting ready for my doctors appointment for my shoulder! 
At the doctors gettin a check up!!!!  I hate the doctors
is having surgery soon! 
Going to the docs 
Doctor's offices are terrible places to be 
Going to the doctors 
I'm the nerd that brought my books on my roadtrip... Lol I'm tellin u, Nursing school really commands my life 
Going to Chinese General Hospital for a general check-up. I'm so nervous! 
Going to Chinese General Hospital for a check-up. I'm so nervous! 
My grandma just got admitted to the hospital. 
@Health4UandPets Wow, just saw a baby corn snake feeding on a pinky mouse, couldn't deal with the feeding part myself.    LOL
@adamasity_britt come take me to the doctors 
@CCullenMD well crap...that's not a good diagnosis 
@NIYANA I know right...I hate going 2 the doctor...I'm trying 2 avoid it @ all cost!!!!!! 
Going to Hospital 
everyone pray for my uncle. he's in tha hospital with blood on his brain. 
Making tea instead of coffee this morning. Doctor's orders.  I weep for my coffee.
e and care like eveyone else 
http://twitpic.com/65ys4 - my car  rip R0XiE!! :'( -prayn u mak it thru ICU, if u dnt may ur soul rest in peace! &amp; to the bastard tht  ...
health=bullshit 
@Coolhands very very hectic.they jus knocked down one of my preskool students an she died b4 reaching d hospital.i partially raised her 
Hospital not fun. 
@meeshly yeah  i really like my doctor, but she is expensive. she needs to nego better with her medicine suppliers, heh
Working from home today, my back is killing me  Doctor and then physio after later today.
watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young.  
@Redjotter no, but I will. It just seems such a cruel condition 
urgh, i really hate that medicine 
@bungandy easy for you to say. you walk away first.  I'm sorry but I'm not ready yet. I haven't finish caring for you.
@diesel_26 i wish you were here to take care of me 
Doctors with mommy. 
Just got back from the doctor... I don't need surgery yayyy!!!!!! But my knees are still fucked  not gonna get better
going to the doctors 
Doctors appt 
daddy is in the hospital  i dont like it!
 Maybe if I pay somebody they'll take care of me. I need a personal nurse.
yay doctors  now interview then back 2 the doctor's for blood work
: What a let down! No MRI today, neurosurgeon didn't order it--which means we have to come back to OkC soon &amp; we no nothing new 
Fkkk at the nurses coughing up my lungs 
went to the doctors for a physical (including blood work -_-) and the eye doctors for new glasses. 
.@aragornrain: no health insurance is not an option. 
@dictums honey perhaps some medicine? i feel bad for you? do you have fever? 
On way to grab @DeejaySpider @ airport. Listenin to #thebeat. There's noooooo way @djflipout would play these mashups.... AVH would be 
My mom is in the hospital again.  she is having a blood transfusion.  
emergency vet 
My client with ALS is going into hospice tonight for stabilization. 
@urieldavid pinatugtog na TMH... just now.. 
@pezella surgery? 
My ER-kid's 1st &amp; middle initials are coincidentally ER(S). She's doing better, 2 pins in her arm to stabilize. Hospital over night. 
@hobbinator I&quot;ll totally keep you posted honey. He's on IVs, they're doing bloodwork and probably pumping his tummy/giving meds. 
@wildcurl788 )))) I am going to pretend you didn't say final chapter. I'm in no condition to think about that rn 
so much for sleep. on my way to the emergency pet hospital. 
off to the hospital to get my bandages changed. 
hospital with abby cause she hurt her ankle. 
Going to the Doctors. 
Hospital is doing away with weekend differential pay.  Since my set schedule is only weekends, it's like a pay cut of .60/hour.  
At the doctors 
I've been spending to much time in the hospital 
@so_zwitschert i did! but it says its just payback for not taking care of it when i fell 
grandpa is back in the hospital  
Wishing i could go home. I hate hospitals. 
is at the doctors...i hate the doctors 
No doctors in on saturdays...  I hate hospitals.
Leaving hubers after picking strawberrys  A little woozy from dehydration, in the literal way I hope I dont hafta go to the hospital 
needs a doctor me thinks 
In the ER, probably staying overnight..cant throw up anymore, chest on fire, head throbbing... and ive got 3 IVs in me now... 
.@LMH381 on our way now...it's an afternoon/evening thing. Going but w/o sis in law who is ill.  so I'm the lone girl in the group.
daddys in the hospital... again 
My great- great aunt is in the hospital on a ventilator. 
I'm thinking about making a doctors appointment.  Can things get infected from vodka? 
@mimid777 I wouild if I can!!!! now I need you to take care of me 
britian got talent kmt. i dpn#t care who wins 
@10TheDoctor10  *gives the Doctor a hug*
Just finished watching a documentary on transplants and the health care system in this country, what a mess 
taking care of my bfriend... he is nt feeling well! 
In the hospital visiting my cuzzo 
Hurting from surgery! 
Why is it so easy for me to take care of everyone else &amp; our house but I can't seem to take care of myself?! I know what had to be done! 
Waiting News of Hospital 
Shit everyone's meeting The Doctor but me  *lame ass pout*
just found out my grandpa has been put in hospice care.  
@accessglory healthy but the doctors told her that her excessive smoking &amp; drinking etc caused to suffer from her ill health now-not good 
@EmperorHyperion It would even be better if they just tasted like...medicine 
's mommy is in the hospital. 
Bad kidney, no hurty. 
urgent care with matt 
is headed to the hospital. 
so worried about his condition.. but i can't go alone in the hospital.. 
Going to the hospital 
loves doctor who and plans to make the most of the david tennant before the 11th doctor takes over 
I have a headache and noone to share the sun with  Cardiologist tmrw - I don't want to go! &gt;.&lt;
Tryn take care of him.. Has a toothache 
@wishthink  I hope the surgery goes well.
Just found out my uncle had a stroke   he's in the hospital now, they don't know if he'll be okey
pls pray for  my grandma she's in the ICU 
my dog is at the moment in an animal hospital.she needs a op because she is bleeding inside 
my dog is in the hospital! I hope she survives the surgery.   
off to the doctors i go to get japped with needles 
The baby and I will be going to the doctor tomorrow. We're both getting worse  and in need of antibiotics
Hospitals are not fun 
@linnel15 I'm alright- it hurts horribly so now I'm waiting for my pharmacy to give me my pain meds. Hospital says it's a bad sprain 
Slowly recovering from my surgery 
playing PC Doctor today. 3 houses to visit 
Taking care of piggy  
I hate hospitals  Especially waking up in them
So tired of endn up @ urgent care 
@Goatzilla aww, no special treatment? now im sad 
just found out that they gonna leave my mom admited in the hospital she has an infection in her pancreas.  god help her!!!
Our mini vacation was not supposed to start with me in the hospital. 
Enjoying being home. Feels like I've wasted the entire day, however. GHP in 2 weeks. Surgery tomorrow 
boo for mommies in hospitals 
... Diabetes is a prison. 
My heel is def bruised and I'm thinking something new is broken!! Doctor tomorrow to find out. 
Hospitals are scary 
just got back from the animal hospital...our newest puppy has pneumonia 
is sitting in the hospital. 
I fainted at work  it was scary. I can feel there's something wrong in my body but it's hard to explain to doctors. Even hot doctor.
I need to sleep SO BADLY that it isn't even funny, but I can't. Having such a detrimental effect on my health 
is still sick. canceled patients today...no patients = no money 
I have to take better care of myself.. I'm not feeling so healthy.. 
went to the doctors for 9.15 only to be told it was meant to be 9 and I wouldn't be seen 
waiting for the nurse to come over 
@mikeredding terrible! Doctor signing me off college/work for the 2nd week 
is waiting for the hospital to fone, so i can have my scan 
jd last day at sacred heart hospital on scrubs  ill miss jd on scrubs
Canoeing causes IVs.   http://twitpic.com/6e7rt
@weaverdoug anyway they can't do the laser surgery. The surgeon said my problem needs traditional open back surgery. 
ok i m up at 6:30 to go to the doctors to get blood taken... then school 
AGH I really don't wanna go to work anymore atleast one that doesn't make me happy 
really really sick  gone to the hospital
@cupcakepink23 I gotta schedule one too! I hate doctors 
@MaggieMags they're canceling my surgery. 
@scarlettjen prognosis from @breakingnewson: not good 
 sick... And now i dont live at home so nobodys taking care of me  need medicine...
Doctors on in 5 min. Bummed I can't watch 
@DanTintner I know  but I have no access to a doctor right now. I fear it's too late to fix it.
hes back in the hospital... again... 
Nely To the hospital 
bored in health and social  x
Thanks for all of the prayers...so far, no bad news after each successive test...last MRI with contrast tomorrow...i want this to be over 
@QHC23 just read the article online. how sad   prime example of hypocrisy.
So done with doctors and hospitals 
and it hurts very much.....I am putting off going to the doctors but if it gets any worse I might have too  uggg but it is awesome to see.
@abigail5986 and it hurts very much.....I am putting off going to the doctors but if it gets any worse I might have too  uggg but it is..
on a lower note my mom just left for the hospital.. 
@joem500 Thanks. He's going to need surgery at some suburban hospital, so I think I'll have to switch to a car now 
doctors appointment 
got the doctors soon really dont want to go  im scared incase they send me to the hospital! xx
sad that susan boyle is in the hospital 
@ dialysis training... bored so far 
There is an urgent need to switch the fan on!  The tropical equatorial climate is killing me...TTSH is indeed taking measures against H1N1
I try to take care of him but hes stubborn sometimes 
wow, susan boyle's in the hospital!?  that's sad.
Ugh I hate doctor's offices... And I really hate shots 
is worried.....his PC is in the ICU  
@ericadrozdowski grandpa is in the hospital again, say a prayer for him 
i has a doctors appointment at 3:30 until then i'm stuck here. 
Sjdignyospgnr I need to have surgery  I'm seriously so scared rn (((
I am worried for my kitty, she is at the vet having emergency surgery.  He thinks that it is some sort of infection in her uterus.  
@marybeth494 at the Drs office waiting to be told bp is still too high 
Emmy vs. the Pharmacy and Hospital, round 2. If they refuse to give my dad the chemotherapy, I'm taking him elsewhere He's not doing well 
Early to bed tonight. Not much sleep the last few days...too much going on. Doctor's appt tomorrow 
My grandpa is in the hospital 
This #WRH tenant had a severe case of the &quot;while you're here's&quot;  that gets kinda annoying after the sixth or seventh one in one stop 
visiting my Jesusito in the hospital 
possibly being admitted 2 the hospital b/c i have the flu and they cant gt my blood pssr down. 
doc says i have to get sinus surgery in two weeks 
have to go get an EKG, echocardiogram, and stress test. No running and no race this wknd. 
i thought medicine was supposed to make you feel better 
Trauma team called in at work, think someone got hit off their pushy in the dense fog 
Just found out my bestest little buddy is back in the hospital hooked up to iv.... 
Have a friend that spent 90 min. at the DMV and said that he felt like it was going to feel the same when we have Universal Health Care 
Is in the hospital. 
doctors 
Doctor always brings bad news 
@clubflys lol complications and retarded doctors. No one knows how to take care of me 
so i took my son to the doctor and he is teething causeing him to have an ear infection...him dont feel good 
My grandfather is in the hospital again. I wish he would realize that he can't fuck around and skip dialysis treatments. 
Still at the doctors. Its been almost 2 hours. I have a bladder infection.. And they are running tests. 
maybe off to the hospital soon im really not doin good 
Holy shit. Just saw the surgeon who did my last operation. He looks like a getriatic now 
@russellneill  Doctor time!
@sazeeenR coco. poop. AGH. i'm studying right now. 
Health and human development sac next 
Recovering from surgery..wishing @julesrenner was here 
My Orthopedic called, I don't like what I heard, I smell bankruptcy. They want to break the record of  producing most expensive knee. 
is at home... doctors appointment at 430... if I have whooping cough you are all going to cop it 
Still at rehab facility with dad. Not going well. 
Off to the hospital.  
*grumbles* at doctors waiting for ms doctor might be a while if I can't see her 
gah my blood pressure wont go down i might end up in hospital bed rest soon 
Going to the hospital is really depressing 
I flipping hate doctors waiting rooms 
i hate visiting dying ppl in the hospital, even if i dont know them 
@GRAFFiTi303 well guess I'll be alone with my patients! 
I don't want to go to the doctors 
I feel like I'm being given the silent treatment... I'm not even quite sure what I did wrong 
So tired  trying to get these Health notes done
eating some yummy weggs then taking babylove to the vet! she needs an ultrasound 
four C17H13ClN4 and one C16H13ClN2O... one hour later and I still can't chill out/unwind/calm down/shut down... AGH 
is locking himself away for the day. Medical help in progress... 
Paying the price for being up at 4:30 am with the storm  That lightening was REALLY close - AGH!
off to the doctors 
at the doctor.. done again.. it hurts so horrible.. 
Still ill  going to the doctors later. I really fancy tango
heading to doctors office with 2 yr old son. he is having fever. 
is not excited to add a nephrologist to my stable of medical specialists. 
Going to the Doctor.   
Hospital interview in an hour... I'm gonna fail. 
at the doctors   x
Ugh, just finish a health exa...74% 
@brmendez no i woke up early and left early. I have a marketing event until 2. We see patients starting at 2. 
At the doctor cause I'm pretty sure I've got strep throat... 
@glennmarsalim A friend of mine lying in the ICU now.Sm ppl have a strange fascination with seeing ppl in distress 
gynae is just fine but neurology kills it makes me really nervous 
@VMyers0274 he's got staph  hes in the hospital w rob right now.
Still no Chemo date, they keep finding weird stuff on my tests  cmon Kaiser get it together!!
@bbille @cyandle @kristy @saffyre9 You all make fair points, and perhaps it would be best for my health not to watch 
@bkclubcare Twitterfox hasn't been showing my @ replied for some reason  A belated thank you, Care! I'll definitely be following your tips
@ Mercy Fitzgerald Hospital with Mom dukes 
turned in my application at gatti's, but not the health and fitness center. 
I hate the doctor and I hate needles!!! I would rather get a million more tattoos than have a doctor draw my blood 
taking care of mother who is about to start her first chemo treatment tom 
MRI results are in 
Just found out I'm going to need two surgeries 
Just found out my grandpa is in the hospital and might not make it 
two MRIs tommorrow +++ two shoulder injections= 
I need an EKG miracle 
Waiting to hear if I have to go to the hospital or not  I don't feel good!!
nxt update...currently watching Trauma surgeries, ppl getting shot and mutilated in car accident living to tell the tale... still no slp 
Oncology Nurse's week!  I really want to transfer to Labor &amp; Delivery..no more dead people please 
@hehthurr @angiewavesgbye can you guys just come and take care of me?  I need cuddles.
my interview with the child care expert didn't happen  what to do, what to do??
 hospital this mornin then doctors after school for jabs.. unfortunally my doctor isnt a hot vampire  lol x
Sitting in the Hospital probably have to have surgery not  cool. Pry for me everybody 
getting ready to go to the hospital 
doctors 
Me not well!  and me hate doctors! x
One more hour to go , then off to my MRI  
is off to the doctors 
getting ready to go to work...Doctor appointment later....  
@nickyy123 +i am sick  i felt really weird during Health today and then my mum said i was really pale so i was like  but feel okay now
Off to get more medicine 
Sadness at the Animal Clinic today the orphan duckling didnt make it 
noticed my last tweet was going to knee surgeon and relized he still hasnt gotten back to me with MRI results 
will be going back to the doctor today, ripped stiches out and it is gushing blood. 
On my way to the hospital for this dreadful surgery....  
's toe isn't getting any better.. I don't wanna go to a Doctor!  http://plurk.com/p/y4tk4
I need to go to the Doctor tomorrow morning 
searching benefits for developmental pediatrician. Why does this seem so familiar? 
Going to see my sons summer concert then back to the hospital... I hope the take my mom out of the ICU today 
I think half my patients are healthier than I am right now! 
I had to go to urgent care.  
ew i have to go to the doctors 
I can't believe paramore isn't playing emergency 
Just got my check today...  its all going to stupid bills!! AGH!!!
Headed to eastside medical for my grandmothers surgery.. 
I thought I broke my ease of being in a hospital years ago... I'm still have nausea... 
poptarts shouldn't taste like medicine 
Off to the hospital 
@Health4UandPets I am so shocked can  only imagine how u are honey!Just know ur such a gr8 mama &amp; such loving&amp;sweet person!It just unfair 
Hospital won't operate on him unless a driver is on the premises and they take him home.. What am i gonna do!!?? he has to have the Op.. 
@stroughtonsmith  condolences, take care
I'm off to the hosp to see grandmom. I hate hospitals.  
here @ the doctors with my grover. she's has 102 fever 
 just hadda tell a pt they were in early stages of kidney failure and headed for dialysis... sometimes this is harder than others...
The doctor has 2 days to make her better. If she has to live this way, she wont wanna live. If he cant cure her by then, to the hospice. 
Home taking care of my two ladies..   
@JennyLou31 Thanks! Much appreciated. They transported her to Emory hosp. &amp; she's in ICU. Also has pneumonia. 
Going to the doctors 
At the doctors getting chest-rays and blood work 
i hate the doctors office..this is ridiculous. give me medicine and send me home. i just want my bed. 
Is getting ready to have a EKG 
@r2rock He seems to be doing a little better... I'm waiting to speak to his real vet... We're probably going to up his medication... 
got throat surgery and i can't smoke pot 
Home from doctor. *sigh* Just wanna be healthy, don't want more meds. 
I think I'm a have 2 take my blackberry 2 the hospital...she isn't feeling 2 well 
@Lesbinurse I guess it wasn't in the textbook those nurses learned from 
Nationalized Health Care &amp; Banking systems, here we come... 
Hospital at 9am tomorrow.... 
i think my fever is coming back...  why do work supervisors have to be so lame? they want me to bring in a doctor's note. why would i go
hoping the best for my grandfather in the hospital 
Just found out that my great-grandpa is in the hospital 
@omgitismanda I'm bored  care to twitter with me?
@sc4twit thanks, he is in the hospital with thyroid cancer and it's spread into his lungs 
Wow this sucks my gpa is in the hospital I hope he is ok!!! 
is actually sick from the medicine  hopefully going to sleep now
Doctor in the morning 
another night in a hospital bed. poor hubby is sleeping in a hospital chair. 
@RealAudreyKitch awwww take a good care 
is off to the hospital to visit Sheyen, she's sick 
@FrankMayans I know...I need them! They work super fast...just not sure if the doctor will give 'em to me 
@Health4UandPets  dats no good
Damnit eye infection on a weekend. Hospital fees rip off! :/ and macbook wouldnt start up.  - http://tweet.sg
@UrFaVBrNttE Chey had a cold first, then passed it to me... I took her to Urgent Care &amp; they don't even make cold meds for her age 
@doriangrey64 I hate going to the doctors 
Also finished the hospital treatment, no more getting up @ stupid o'clock, but no more tanned body 
I need health insurance. 
Rehab on my groin all week 
Wishing my health was better, and my fiancial decisions were more prudent. 
still doesn't feel well  come take care of me.
in the hospital 
Reading material at the maternity hospital: 'A visual guide to practical dentistry'! What an 'interesting' magazine! 
Sitting alone in the waiting room outside the ICU at the hospital. 
@juditavill a blood clot   - the baby is in Children's Hospital Pittsburgh...
@nvonbuelow hospitals have HORRIBLE signals inside. i hope shes okay though! 
at the emergency animal clinic trying to save marilyn 
I'm going to the doctors tomorrow to get some stitches out and I'm nervous 
leaving the hospital (finally!!) with my crippled boy.. now my nurse duties begin 
; just got rushed to the hospital, feeling a whole lot better now, but shaky from the oxygen 
I really need to go to the hospital. I think smoking has finally taken it's effect on me. 
@leahsasing plus the singles that are out aren't doing that well.  TMH vid? excuse me?? haven't heard an archie song on the radio here yet
Just found out that my grandmother is in the hospital 
@neurotik_nurse Aw  why
my baby went comatose but the doctors promised to fix him. he'll be back soon but he'll suffer from amnesia.  i won't be online 'till july
Urgent Care  http://mypict.me/2S0x
I dislike hospitals 
Still really bothered by teens wanting plastic surgery  We are all unique, as it should be.
I'm really glad I don't have cancer, but I wish the doctors had put more effort in to what's wrong with my head... 
@TamaraSchilling unfortunately @AmericanWomannn is still in jail 
Hospital  ugh
I hate hospitals... Waiting rooms suck... I want to go home... But that is along ways away  http://twitpic.com/6tbv1
@iphlogger no. but close, indigestion! But b4 diagnosed, had MRI, endoscopy, colonscopy, biopsy&amp; stool check  then they sd indigestion!
why is everything else free on the nhs but not dental treatment.  I have to get a loan to be able to afford to go!  
Either have to get appindex removed or have kidney stones. Either way im going to the hospital 
jeck is back,, vaccation was really good ;) but has to learn for her Nurse exams 
headache from oversleeping... Apparently, my grandads in hospital again... not good 
Turns out my medical support team aren't happy with the treatment at the last hospital, off to another 
i guess that's what i get for wanting to work in a hospital! i dont peel dood! 
Please pray for my best fren's dad... he is in ICU now. 
&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; my nanas in the hospital 
i feel so weak with regards to a friend's newborn who underwent an operation so tt doctors can drain out excess liquid from her brain. 
i'm getting bitter with mapua. even though there is one patient in makati that has the h1n1, still, there is no suspension. 
Nans in Hospital 
Per friend's accident/stroke status: she's stabalized, responsive, still on ventilation in neuro ICU 
pregnant and inpatient about everything....damn nesting 
Tired of gay drama, its just weird when I couldnt Care less abt tyler or brandon so why are you still here?!  Lol I miss my boyfriend 
ICU's  waste of my time
Off to the hospital...again 
@ameliaghostie Aw,   where are you getting your surgery done?
Going to see my grandma in the Hospital.  she had a stroke.
With my dog at the emergency clinic. She isn't doing great 
ugh  the doctor's meds line is my fave, this is sad
@dragoneer I am going to find you. Then, I'm taking you to a hospital... 
Tired of being so lonely.  Isn't marriage supposed to take care of that?  
i hate hospitals ... 
@AllStarNinja @basherlock he had to go to the hospital and get 4 staples.  I feel soo horrible!!
@ the Hospital with my daugther. 
at the hospital. again. I hate the hospital smell 
@czsmith72 the more I research n the more doctors I see I realize I have 3 options..dont use my rt hand, get surgery or take drugs  
has a sore kidney 
I hate hospitals. Everything is so white it's disturbing, 
's mom told her to go to the hospital 
My mimi is in the hospital 
mom is still in the hospital. so worried. 
animal hospital, we think brandy broke her foot 
i might have to get surgery.. 
@civicbabe627 no I didn't because I've had experiences where apple care...doesn't care. 
@heyitsjuuli oooog,juls  please, take care and geeett uuup!
so fucking mad. AGH, i hate being 13 and having no liberty or opinion in nothing at all 
@lilyroseallen then you need to go to the hospital, lil 
watching the game with my girls...just got back from Urgent Care = ankle sprain 
Here at work @ E Hospital. no patients   this place is a hotbed of scandal and gossip. lol
@meiii_ His manbits are *ahem* swollen. They think it's fluid, not a big deal but may mean that he needs surgery to correct it 
My doctor says don't take Codral... Awwww ...  ... but it's got that catchy theme song ...
needs some sun!  Doctor said.  But it's cold and bright out there....  
@jayysteeZ yes thats right! hehe so like i got attacked by dogs and i was in the hospital 
coldFuMonkeh still not well  trying to get Drs appointment is like trying to win the lottery!!!!
Just took marley to the hospital...  waiting to hear back from them to see how he is!
3 years ago today, my Uncle passed away from cancer, and Owen was in and out of Children's Hospital seeing different specialists 
doctors tomorrow 
getting ready to go to the doctors 
bettina confined in the hospital  hoping she feels better soon.
is going to the Maxillofacial surgeon today - sounds mean 
@Elricom ealing hospital's restuarant was right next to the morgue 
off to doctors 
http://twitpic.com/7gey2 - The hospital that collapsed in the blast 
going 2 doctors 2mow  i think
The hospital is so boring. 
@the100rabh but that would be in tie up with another Hospital.  @suksy can't help me because of that primary reason!
heading to the pulmonologist 
off 2 bed...going 2 doctors 2mow 
Its gonna be a slow day. All my pts in ICU died over the weekend. 
Dental check-up up tomoro! Health isnt improving  have to rely on playing ddr, to forget the pain bt it wears me outt.
Doctor visit this morning , they are gonna take my blood  I hate needles !
Doctors 
take care 
Just sent out another $250 in checks for my damn surgery.    Health care in this country sucks if that's what they call &quot;GOOD Insurance&quot;
@Sophieeeeee_x yeahh it is, there really soree  what did the hospital say about you? god how hypochondriactic do we sound lmaoo :L x
No trapeze class for 2 weeks. Doctor's orders 
@tanukisan What happened!?  I saw you had an emergency but didn't elaborate...   I hope you are okay.
@HollywoodsAngel no didn't take care of it 
I am so bored! And doctors really scare me 
I hate, hate, hate the doctors. 
@JoeySovine  don't worry we will take care of you.
At the doctor's, scheduling my surgery 
i hate going to the doctor, three tubes of blood!!!! 
Going to go see great grandma in the hospital. 
After a month of treatment I'm being sent to see a eye specialist...my current doctor believes that I might have Scleritis 
At the ER for collin. MRSA attacks again 
backage suckss  going to the hospital with ma sisterr
going to take care of oclet now.  #ocletfail
@Werecat1   Care package mailed off today at least.
I am really upset as my grandmother is in the hospital having a stroke. Doctors say it has to play out that it is to late to stop it. 
I fucking hate my life... why do I always have health problems? Just left the doctors office because they handed me over to the hospital 
Dads in the hospital 
Taking moms to the hospital 
Up early tomorrow, hope the Elgin Doctors will see me... have the biggest fuck-off ulcer on the back of my throat! And sore ears  Ouch!
@dirtysouthboy wow!  U r very lucky! I'll probably need surgery... 
is not feeling well has to have a kidney transplant  at westmead childrens hospital mum is giving me her kidney
@jordanriane You are in the hospital? 
grandma in hospital with bowel obstruction..in alot of pain..hoping she pulls through the surgery 
@leximaven I will have to take care of that #greatdivide belgica for you. It's not very good though 
superwoman is down.. really need doctor now 
having a little cry about being so broke, now that ANOTHER hospital bill has come 
Playing a doctor on adultswim.com but my patient keeps dying 
Considering venturing out of bed to go to doctors.. Don't want to but probably should 
and they might have to do surgery on her... 
Sitting at Urgent Care with my roommate because he may have broke his finger... 
@SadieAsks Doctors have confirmed its ectopic and she's gonna have an abortion later. 
I love my Grandma soooo much I hope She gets out of the Hospital soon. I miss her 
off to doctors 
@madkewl his medicine is strong he said. 
don't like hospitals, or needles, or doctors, or... you get the idea  why do I watch this stuff
first patient has arrived, but ive not finished my breakie yet 
 not good hospital in 5 mins
Still @ the. Hospital... Huuuufff 
My hip hurts from that MRI yesterday 
@jordanknight be patient &amp; take care..I know how much it hurts.. 
lower back pain is now the worst i've ever had. need to see a doctor but no health insurance 
@marcstamper he's got to have kidney scans, i could cry 
Just got up and getting ready to go to a doctors appointment  i really hate doctor appointments!!
school....ewww :/ then being dismissed for a doctors appointment 2nd period and then i kindaa gotta go back 
Sickkk,   going to the doctors soon.
@4functions Thanks - will check him out but getting a referral to specialist at hospital - may need an op 
@MyanRoser Care Home Medical?  that doesnt even make sense.  
I am going to the Doctor today!  YAY me! 
At the doctors again.. 
going to get some bloodwork at the doctor's. i'm terrified of needles 
i still me feel bad ... don know that is ? .... ....... precise urgent going on doctor  
Sitting in hospital waitingroom and frankly it sux, memories are flooding back 
The nurse also didn't think it was funny that i pretended to drive the wheelchair while she pushed me.  bums.
Waiting on these Health Insurance folks to tell me about the change in our policy  boring!!
At the doctor getting  a shot 
I can't find the box of tissues..  Doctor later..finally!! 
@_amberlovely IT'S BECOZ W R AWSUM. *cries* i get no special treatment, i fail at being foreign 
sooo sick! 102.5 fever.....might b goin 2 the hospital 
ugh I forgot how much I hated going to the doctor  I had to get 4 freaking shots! damn you college!
My dad is having a cardiac cath later today 
At hospital. LOL after i'll go 2 starbucks alone 
Why is my nurse so mean? 
more doctors! 
Has being at the doctors office!   I hope he gives me good drugs!
So tired &amp; I hate hospitals 
Doctor's visit this morning went both good and bad.  I now get to be ill every morning for the next two weeks 
just came back from the doctors, sore throat, blehhhhh 
Yay for physicals! Not. Sitting in the doctors office trying to get cleared. Not fun. 
im at the doctors office, my mom forgot the immunization papers 
@2intense  they don't give those at the adult doctor
doctors appoinment.. i m scared.. 
Still in health 
Doctors with mommy 
Again and again and again ... I forget to take medicine 
At doctor with b. I hope the shots are good to him 
poop...i have to go to the doctor to get shots now 
my dads in the hospital 
@aaroncarter7 I'm @ the doctors not feeling good  calling u asap once I'm outttt! x0
I wonder why you can always read a doctor's bill but you can never read his prescription...ugh, i hate being sick 
I hate doctors appointments 
i might be going to the hospital soon 
At the doctors 
I have MRI tomorrow 
I went to the doctor... got violated... got 3 shots... got bloodwork... had to pee in a cup... and all in all i got called fat 
I never get service in this hospital 
going to the doctors  wish me luck!
@restrepita Hospital? What?! 
Recovering from surgery ~ not fun 
Going to the doctors to get my foot looked at  oucccchh.
@irisvarsi Why would you wake up in hospital ? 
My puppy's in the vet hospital overnight awaiting surgery because he broke his leg. 
God is seriously mad @ me! Just got back from the ER. Pediatrician thought lil man had meningitis. But, he's just really sick  other virus
My grandma was just taken to the hospital 
my dad is home form the hospital, he had a bladder infection  but he is alright now
says I'm bothered and affected with my nephew's health condition..  http://plurk.com/p/11h0pg
anesthesia is not mixing well..I hate throwing up 
Getting ready 'cause dad's asking us to take him to the hospital. 
my patient/bro ffk me..hmmm 
Why do I even bother? I'm so sick of trying to make an effort when you don't even fucking care 
Oh, poor Doctor.  #42 #doctorwho
@dakini_3 I know, that's the problem... Medical types can be very tribal... 
I don't want to play cat surgery any more 
@bjW18 what was the surgery for? 
aaron_osteraas yep seeing my surgeon for all of five minutes yesterday cost me $112... now bring on the hospital bills 
Almost at the doctors 
@bertanybee just till wednesdayy..or maybe sooner cause my grandmas in the hospital 
In a random ottawa hospital. With wires and needles in my arm.  scared.
Sitting in the hospital......   http://myloc.me/47tf
Hospital again  and chasing the RRR
http://twitpic.com/7ltzp - stuck in the hospital 
Ugh, going to the freaking hospital. 
is off for her hospital appointment in the lovely English rain 
up way too early.gotta head to the hospital for my MRI.cant put it off any longer.   then work after
I just came back from Hospital But the doctor wasn't there,,, i have to suffer  4 days more 
 hate going to the doctors. also hate having to go back an hour later to get prescription.
noooo! i want my sleep back D: ... Doctor's appt. today  Why couldn't it be later in the day?
@SIMONELYNNSOLAE shes in da Hospital. 1st dey said heart prob, but now we kno itz thyroids 
Is sitting at the doctors  x
I don't know which is sadder: our shift not having those silent codes or the ICU having the silent code and we're not allowed inside it. 
4 different doctors, 2 male aides, 3 nurses and a friend told me earlier that I lost weight.  And that I look stressed. 
Another day of wearing the big knee brace waiting for Insurance to sign off on an MRI 
Hospital time   http://twitpic.com/7m7ly
I have a doctor's app. soon. kidney stone 
@mishadeborah except he isn't. He's issuing a memorandum not an order, and it doesn't include health care, y'know the important benefit. 
now has a doctors appointment then another hospital one tomoro, i was right, day 2 and im already tired 
Has a friggen ear infection. Going to urgent care 
MRI scan 
great grandmother is still sick and step dad is in the hospital 
I hate the doctors 
I don't want to go to the doctors 
I got a call earlier today for the Veterinary Hospital. I was told that my cat's ashes were ready to be picked up. She died last Friday. 
suppper bored.ortho ugh 
Sitting at the doctors office with 3 preg women! I wish I was in their shoes 
So...one of my best friends is in the hospital and i have stupid training at 4 45. Fml 
@wallprice only slightly from fear of hospitals, no hulkness at all 
At the doctors 
worried about my fiancee  he might go to the hospital 
@the urgent care. I dont feel well. 
Pretty sure I failed my first actual Phlebotomy test  epic fail.
so tired and knowi have to take medicine 
@jennettemccurdy what happened? i was in the hospital for a concussion 
@ashleighmay92 i miss hosp 
My dad is sick and in the hospital again.  A man in liver failure having to be admitted is not great news. Now we wait.
doctors tomorrow; i get the results  im scared
Going to have a Kingdom Hospital marathon I think, just wish the missus was home watching it with me 
In the hospital missin my babbyyyyy 
mom just went to the hospital. 
@meghquinn I go to a different gym. I go to Provena Health instead of X-Sport. 
AGH I wanted to try out the new iphone op system but I left my phone at home!! 
doctor will  give her injection later 
I don't even have health insurance. Which sucks. Because my arm pain could be a serious health issue and I dunno what to do. 
@BamaLiz But that's going to Six Flags! I'm going to the doctor 
why am I still sick?   headed to bed early again due to my condition.
going to the doctors tonight, i hate the doctors  but im very sick
off to the hospital. so early 
@Bizcuits nah no rest and now im writtin more docs up for my lawyer to file right now  not fun
time to go to the animal hospital, one of the dogsies has gone deaf. 
ugh mannn ive been in the hospital like 3 times a week  ugh nurses are mean!!!!!!!
cpr fail day, i turned it off instead of shocking the patient 
Moommy i need medicine 
needs medicine but the stupid doctors are full for the next three weeks 
My letter from the Doctors didn't arrive this morning, contrary to what the receptionist said would happen yesterday 
What kind of Doctors surgery closes between the hours of 12:30pm and 2:30pm 
Medical day: mammo &amp; ultrasound  followed by oncologist.
ortho appt.. 
@_interrobang if that fails, you may have stuffed up your machines timing, so it needs to see the doctor 
Going to the doctors. 
surgery 
just heard my grandpa is in the hospital again 
My health isn't doing so well 
Morning! Would have tweeted earlier but the baby woke up with a mean fever  hope we don't need a trip to CHEO 
The doctor shot me 4 times 
Going to the hospital again... I miss the knife gang 
@supercoolkp I tried  Hosp nurses don't seem to do discussion. Have survival notes from mate tho to get me out asap ;-)
doctor appointment. I hope I'm gunna  be okayyy 
Is in the hospital. 
http://twitpic.com/7pwqi - In the hospital 
Doctors appt! 
need sum1 2 take care of him.......sick 
@marychemromance  why are you in the hospital?
At urgent care w/my mom 
@sonnyengineer Used 2 think dentists were like doctors until I saw what happened after privatization - sad, I don't trust them anymore 
I don't like the doctors  its sepressing in here.
Ugh i didnt take my allergie medicine again 
Going to the doctors 
Getting blood taken at the doctors 
taking care of ren. he's sick!! 
Again thanks for all the birthday wishes, off to doctors now (hypertension) 
@kezziemonster doctors appointments suck! they made me get some hpv vaccine! it hurt!! 
@MommaDanddaboyz night     take care #bookieb
@mrs_sos I hear you there... I hate HMO's and their systems.. my older sister has fibromyalgia. I can only imagine  its so daunting!!
@JessicaLWhite are you in the hospital? 
went to the doctor... on vicodin and crutches. yay me 
hospital with atyets 
hospital with otets 
just spent the last 2 hrs trying to get my son calm--he's so sick from all the meds, very frustrated. Nurses seem disinterested 
I bet waking up at 5 is no good for my health 
I really dislike working around some of the attention whores in this hospital. 
Wishing i didnt have to go back to the hospital 
@shortstop91 AGH horton hears a who. 
is sad her health isn't getting better. come on doctors figure this out! 
I been to jail over #gooddick 
Going to the hospital  damn
@jeanettelim oo that's so sad  he also had an allergic reaction to a rabies shot a month ago and I had to take him to the hospital :/
MRI today 
So, latest IVF news, no IVF (or family) for us. Neither taking news especially well, feel furious at world and numb. Everything sucks. 
My dady is in the hospital and I miss him so much. 
This article boils my blood! Cancer patient tells of rips in health insurance safety net http://i.cx/gc ~And she's a retired RN! 
Health and math exam today 
Getting ready for the surgery... 
Just left follow-up appointment w/ surgeon. Seems I'm healing just beautifully, but it will take a while. And I still can't swim. 
Going to check out a new daycare. I love the one I use, but the financial strain is getting to me. 
@firstlady1408 Thanks honey  I'm at the doctor now...hopefully he'll have some good drugs for me!
going to the doctor...i hate shots 
just got the doctors call back....not so great  ugh...
@mrichwalsky I'm missing a few that I sent out.  The short of it, my boss has never heard of the them, mostly health care???
At the doctors 
love my allergist specialist - calls me kid!  not feeling that i need to continue weekly shots though 
says i was confined in the hospital due to gastritis  http://plurk.com/p/1292u0
my aunt's in the hospital. 
@LizyHernandez so like 6 hours later, 2 IVs morphine and valium I felt ok, this morning I'm still cramping 
My aunt is in the hospital. 
hating doctors right about now! 
the anesthesia is wearing off and it doesn't feel good.... 
how is it that i took my new medicine and i only feel worse 
in jail my  piercings  closed up 
There are no male nurses here  #squarespace
left work early. going to the doctors to check out my throat 
hospice is in a dark place right now.  Medicare continues to take money from hospice and in turn hospice has to take money from us.  
I hate hospitals 
Going to visit neighbor in the hospital 
i am having a high risk pregnancy according to the doctors, god i'm so scared 
Headed to see her uncle in the hospital... 
@1Deedles I'm sorry about your kidney deeds 
At da hospital wit king 
Just got shots at the doctor!  They hurt really bad!
my aunt is in the hospital she might not make it  
Ugh i hate hospitals. 
@Damonowskivich doctors orders 
I hate being alone in the hospital 
i went to doctors they couldnt find vein i might have diabeties 
My son can't breath and is being rushed to Childrens Mercy Hospital! 
boo.  still in jail. 
@Senfaye I get sick whenever I start new medicine. I'm sorry. 
So my hip has been hurting me for over a month, it's bad. I'm only 23!! I wish I had health insurance so I could get it checked out. 
@LMH381 i just got my schedule - apparently i either 4got to request off or i didn't get off for saturday. 
So glad to be home..I hate hosptials, and needles.. 
Just packed my stethoscope 
doing emergency surgery on my macbook pro. 
@chesandiego can't go here anymore.  I have to the go to the hospital.
@artfanatic411 i don't have health insurance  but thank you so much for your concern...I am going to stay up for several more hours
that nurse did not draw my blood correctly.....my arm is sore 
in ambulance post operation. lung should be ok now. no school though 
rough draft of my health care blog  http://bit.ly/wiHhS
@imemocuzursad not all of them are  Harborview sucks!
me thinks I may have to go to the hospital 
@naseemMF you freak! steve jobs had a liver transplant! 
@Nicnax666 we had to reschedule  had to go to the hospital to see grandpa
I'm at east shore hospital. doc just gave me 2 injections.    - http://tweet.sg
Surgeons may operate on my bowel on monday but i'm telling it to fix itself b4 then, don't fancy another operation.. so soon 
2 more reject letters of voluntary vet nurse positions....when is someone going to give me a break!? ...life hates me 
hayy!! take care! 
I hate hospitals 
Hanging out with sabine - being her private nurse 'cause her arm is broken 
My allergic reaction got worse! Doctor 
hospital again 
i NEVER EVER wanted to have surgery in my whole life but i have to have surgery   for my gallstones
@gigglesome I never see you  tut I must be blind! It's in intensive care at the hospital! You not out tonight?
virtually every street corner Hospital close to scene in Tehran: 30-40 dead http://quaalude.proboards.com everyones getting Shot  QC
at the emergency annimal hospital with the wiley dog  reaction to vaccines.....
@aprilgee123 he has arthiritis super bad  he might have to go to the hospital.
@jasonwpratt emergency client.  can't go. 
I do not like the NICU. 
Granny's in the hospital again.. just got moved to ICU... 
aww, nick's papa is in the hospital 
@GraceanneParks don't make me sad. my mom had surgery weds. so i'm the only one to like take care of her. i didn't have the heart to go. 
being cold and nursing me sore back 
@FutureMrsJohnny  i am not! tom's in the hospital with the flu with IVs in him 
My grandma is back in the hospital. 
really wishes that the doctors would find out whats wrong with her. 
auntie in hospital in intensive care.  hope she's okay
@kelios He's from a rescue center for GPs, i guess. Prev owners shaved his back for no reason and it's just now growing back. 
You dont care do you artix 
@MSLILAK acute hepatitis they think caused by bacterial infection  going down to see him in a minute, then bed as just finished work!
just took my puppy to the animal emergency hospital 
it scares me to think surgery didn't help  I want to cry now.
still at the effin hospital.. worried. 
is taking her DH to the Wuerzburg Eye Clinic...not good. 
So sickkk! Why is no medicine working!? I ain't going to the Doctor! 
Hospital duty again tomorrow.. I am so depressed right now that it' making me very lazy.. 
@dkraciun  In the hospital?? What's going on? 
my grandma! she' s in hospital 
is headed back to the hosp. 
Just had to take my flat mate to the hospital. 
Aww, damn. Jejo's sick.. for three days now. Hospital time 
@BranEverseeking ER visits can take a really really really long time 
bad condition 
going to the hospital to see my grandma 
At urgent care with nancy 
@sparksthealy no aly it's not that at all I miss you girl and care about you, I just feel like I accidently abandoned thc 
Currently has a sickness unknown to my doctor  hope to get better soon
fucking doctors those scars will never go 
just got back from the hospital with my leg in a splint and now i have to have a MRI scan and a possible operation 
TOO HOT!!!  going to see G-ma in Nursing home
Going to the doctors for a shot  sooo tired...
is it some kind of rule that doctors/dentists offices have to have fish tanks?!?! at the oral surgeons for wisdom teeth pre-op...  
@LaurenConrad I can't believe I missed this, I was in the hospital!  You probably don't make it out here that often either 
@licksharder @secret_thoughts I have to stay off sex for a while though   Doctors orders.  I'm celibate for a month 
I just found out that my sister went to the hospital last night, and had to get surgery 
Now at another doctors appt for dad... Surgeon 
drs &amp; others tell you exactly what you tell them, How about telling us how to fix what we know needs repair? drs, mechanics, plumbers,etc 
That cough medicine is icky. 
I don't need surgery!! But I have a long recovery ahead 
Going to the hospital 
@jentoni84 i can give you hive medicine haha 
@Airrun houston so I can be there for my moms surgery. 
dad made it out of surgery fine, however he has to stay in the hospital til at least thursday 
Doctors office then pitching 
the doctor was right when he said i'd feel worse before i felt better 
@TRiggs09 why is he having surgery??  he's had &quot;the&quot; surgery, right?
Getting readyy.. going to the hospital to see my papa 
is going to have surgery tomorro 
@hernameisfina excellent!!! you starting to feel better? No news. banjacksed knee so have an MRI and surgery consultation in a few mins. 
@ the hospital. dad's n again. 
@Eidolonkami Sounds like apendicitis. If so it will mean surgery and a hospital overnight. Which means no painting.  
My dad is at the Hospital today 
My grandma has been admitted to hospital. Drs say she's sicker than she looks 
@Gabyyyyyy what do u say to patients who lose their contacts down the sink  like me lol
worried about gramma in ICU 
heading to the hospital soon 
Doctor says two more weeks at least 
@thehannabeth why were you at the doctors? 
Hospitals are not fun 
@the doctor w/my 1yr old  she has a fever 
@LostTribe but sad about the Doctor... 
I'm not going to be able to see one of my favorite patients before I leave. 
Boyfriend's nephew is in the hospital w/ pneumonia. 
@nicolepomarico Hospice is a sad place  I'm sorry, sweetie.
Going to the hospital. 
@david_jay well, i got the student president job in the end. so a gap year, even though i'll still be at uni. Hospital for kidney stones 
Omw 2 the hospital  pray 4 my fam.
@roadrunners62 i just don't like the doctor   b/c most of them are dumb, he wasn't but he isn't my regular dr now b/c he retired
@kassikissesxoxo that sucks you got pnuemonia  did you have to go to the hospital?
@nickynackynoo @blottedcopybook Just heading down to the doctors 
@JamaicaPanama no.  @thanktank doesnt care about us. lol
getting groceries and then taking dad to the hospital  surgery tomorrow! eeeeeks.
workkkk 8:30-1:45, Doctor's apt at 2  and TRANFORMERS tonight!!!! 
going to the hospital 
Doctors appointment  ughhh
gotta call the hospital today... to have surgery or not to have surgery 
Off to a doctors appointment... across town. 
Results back from Drs owen fine..my tests show no ovulation need to be tested again 
off to the doctors 
Boyfriend is now in TTSH 
@ the hospital 
@OhSnapItsNicole doctors for what 
Going to the hospital. 
@KhloeKardashian unfortch I'm workin in ICU today KhloeK &amp; its too gorgeous outside to be stuck indoors for 12hrs 
@DMAKron I try to take care of myself but I always put every1 self b4 me 
is thinking of making an appointment for the doctors  i look ridiculous 
throat sores,...  needs medicated medicinal medicine,.... 
The fever I caught a month ago is still kicking my butt. Doctor gave me antibiotics for the bronchitis 
Oh, also, I'm eating then going to another doctors appointment. 
Getting an MRI today.. Not excited 
my doggy has been admitted to the hospital! 
hoping my grandma starts improving soon. she had back surgery and is in the hospital and not looking good.... 
I hope my grandma gets better! she is in the hospital 
I LOVE @Health4UandPets u guys r the best!! 
He abolished taxes for doctors, teachers, priests and educational institutions! (emphasis added) An enlightened warlord? 
Ahhh Doctor who is so awesome!!! I got to see number 9 turn into number 10. The hot one 
right I am off to the hospital  seeya later 
is working a 12 in the NICU... can't pass up incentive pay 
Yes! No one deserves to be the 10th Doctor's last companion as much as Wilf 
@mrcr08 solution: go on VGH! 
Ok.. now it's nothing cool, I'm walking through Saint Vincent's Hospital.. make some health 
Srsly fucked up my legs, crawling onto buses with help from strangers to a hospital... 
The T0es are hella fresh  wish i was in VeGas at Rehab wit every1 else!
@selenagomez hey  just wishing you the best of the best and always take care!
Just watched &quot;The 5 Doctors.&quot;  It was actully pretty good.  
You rock jon....until we meet again in july.....take care and keep in touch 
on duty at NICU tom! yay! babiieeess! 
using financial calculator. take care of that if you use it 
i start my training at hospital radio on may 10th! eeeeee!! look out radio 1, here i come 
@dalmainelee8701 take care my dear! 
@ShannonLeto take care of yourself  ...and drive carefully)))))
One appointment finished &amp; hospital successfully cleaved  from the unfortunately rather large collection!
@SimonFilmer I suppose I should write the action notes for the OPD that I really should have done a month ago, but can't be bothered 
Going to a doctors appointment 
@mileycyrus take care then 
diet going so so... god i wish i could afford surgery 
@bwagy I getcha! Self-censorship sets in. The price of fame. Care to write that up as a comment on the blog post? 
Under the covers is so much betterrr  extra zzzzzz's then doctors appointmenttt
@blacksocialite that's true, plus we dont care so you shouldnt either 
@suzy899 You take care there. 
For those that care, the newspaper is here 
Going to volunteer at Shriners Hospital in Tampa for a fantastic event with young girls today 
@_jenniifer prob. more here too, but one was taken to a local hospital be to tested! =0 but if she is, then schools shut down 
@bethisaninja Care to tell what movie u r watching 
Off to the cheer clinic! 
@frebro I will take good care of him 
heading to the hospital..contractions are pretty regular..we'll see 
@fossiloflife u can get the hot doctor to cut it off  @prateekgupta @crazytwism
@daveg38 Do you have a treadmill? I've just emailed my surgeon asking when i can excersize. HAHA 
@Health4UandPets  thanks for following my PUGHUG just spreading the love the world needs it now days  @officialpughug
I just smoked a cigarette, thougt of @iiieF and heard an ambulance  (iiieF is learning nurse )
@princessjenRN ur romeo is perfectly capable of taking care of himself  he's a good uncle... taking care of us kids haha
@shamrockquinn she can adopt and take care of me 
@puisparks I wish I were there hiking with you... take care duay when hiking 
@carlyluvsunited There are 20 wards there, what ward do you live in? 
@jvdouglas  haha, no, the remark on maternity leave fired me up a little 
@farrahdy take a medicine 
@greekdude be patient  you'll get it soon
rather excited about my hospital placement starting on monday. I get to give needles and take blood 
@nakedxa ok.. take care 
@Belly9Maternity tooth fairy is coming to ur house tonight. 
@olsonbd80 loved it! Thanks for taking care of me 
@Soudabeh What happened? ... Doctors don't get sick!   hope you get well soon...
Hopes you feel better soon ...   You need a sexy nurse ot make you all well again....*looking for nurses outfit*.. 
is cleared from surgery and out of the hosp soon 
@erinfitzsimmons hahah, at least you tried. and no worries, i have already taken care of both 
Revising for Veterinary A + P exam friday  I hate exams, I love animals 
new video up! &quot;walking away&quot; from General Hospital  youtube:  http://twurl.nl/1mosoq  OR blog:  http://twurl.nl/4bt0xi  enjoy!
@mvsunit take care on the road! 
If you receive an email from the Department of Health telling you not to eat tinned pork because of swine flu - ignore it. It's just spam 
A quick thanks to my new followers, tho' I've been so quiet since joining twitter I'm astonished too   Health improving, more to say soon.
at the doctors 
@jenwillis It was actually in a hospital, but as warm and welcoming as that could have been 
@LostDeeJay 0k.. take care ...C u later 
Two words (well actually just one word): LifeCenter! 
@alexiskn That's just disturbing. I think the cough medicine has finally taken hold.  
@BarelyKnit aite cul take care 
Planchin the pels then off to the hospital! 
Hospital to see my nephew 
Being a pretend patient is fun 
@TheAnand  .. ufff ... wishes for speedy recovery .. take care buddy 
@sarahtonner you do know that @pauljchambers is within his rights to hassle you about going to the hospital to get it checked 
@AngusTWArcH welcome back online  did you crush your ribs? take care!
I guess my previous tweet could be answered by nurses too  speak up if you work in a doctor's office, I'm doing some research...
@Health4UandPets LOL, I've got 3 dogs of my own who each try hogging all the attention, perhaps a steak dinner? 
@changeling Health! 
We've just been awarded 4 stars in health &amp; hygiene! 
@BrianMcnugget You were my favotite in the group, bu I still love you, and I always will. Kisses. Take care. 
@verybadcat13 clean bill of health is always good!  
strep test - negative. pediatrician - check. pre-reg hospital forms - n/a. and my doc qualified for the boston marathon! 
@TravRuiz Lets learn the Rehab dance!! haha.. please?? We have nothing else to do in this lame town! 
@benjamin_cook http://twitpic.com/5mqs1 - I'm all for you as the 12th Doctor! 
@DenaCeleste Care to mozy on over here while you're up anyway and help me clean?  (I would be *ever* so grateful!)
eating a bcon and egg sandwich, then going to the hospital to have these bloody stitches out! 
figuring out plastic surgery 
@TonyNoOne Be patient! It will be there soon enough 
@xpd259 agreed nurses are generally hotter than the average health care worker! 
@JennifeAniston all ive to say....take care!!! 
Going to the hospital ... hoping that i'm going to remove the stitches today 
@ktyladie I will take total care of jillybean  have fun and be safe!
@Health_Coach likewise doc 
The first batch of brochures have gone... 100+ doctors are going to be enlightened 
@danielcasciato Those poor surgeons only make $300,000+ per year.  In truth, malp. insurance is out of control.
Morning all  take care!
Just got to my doc appointment... 
@darraghdoyle I seem to remember reading on your blog a long time ago a post about tips for table quiz organisers! Care to share? 
PET scan and bloodwork was all good!! 
@Teelou take care 
@franceshigoy health and fitness 
@ratusyura you too..take care 
Healing well from surgery. Blessings to all 
@bethheinbeck You're the bestest nurse ever 
john is continuing to improve, out of ICU after a month!  nurses call him miracle man   but i knew that...
@ spookychan Wolfsheim- Care for you ? http://blip.fm/~78qre your wedding song?? It's supposed to be ours too if we ever get married.... 
