Most common words for this cluster:
[('hours', 550), ('minutes', 13), ('lol', 10), ('days', 8), ('wow', 4), ('hour', 4), ('amp', 3), ('night', 3), ('seconds', 3), ('x', 3), ('com', 3), ('jonasbrothers', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hours', 0.9999570250511169), (u'days', 0.7558214068412781), (u'hour', 0.7436224818229675), (u'minutes', 0.6972258687019348), (u'weeks', 0.6382661461830139), (u'day', 0.5752514600753784), (u'months', 0.5692296028137207), (u'##minutes', 0.5301974415779114), (u"o'clock", 0.5218567252159119), (u'#/#-hours', 0.5200074911117554)]





i have to fill two hours 
should've been asleep two hours ago 
can't sleep....i have to wake up in 4 hours 
i have to wake up in 5 hours  laameeee
@tedi31 no, you can't  it's an autorefresh of I think the past 48 hours only.
is well bored and has to wait for 3 hours to start getting ready 
stressin...flight in 8 hours 
@theroser you won't see me, considering I live 40 hours away 
4 more hours before I head to work 
has to work in 5 or so hours 
have to wake up in four hours. why don't i sleep? 
...off to bed! Only to be up in 6 hours.... 
@IvanIker 5 hours! and i wish i culd go!  #asot400
Just woken up. 12 hours sleep and still feel tired 
@depleteduranium u did not say. I can't believe I am awake! Wish I could fall asleep for a few more hours 
has work in less than 12 hours 
@EllipsisKhan looks like you are up for another 4 hours tonight then. 
#asot400 4 hours left 
a few hours till i go home... i dont want to leave. 
Wondering why I am still up and I have to go to work in less than 5 hours!! 
Going to bed only to wake up in 6 hours 
@Morganzola If only you weren't so many hours away. 
@Morganzola If only you weren't three or so hours away. 
since it needs to be done in a few hours lmao 
About to go to sleep.... damn 6 hours to sleep...... 
@Lilylauren that's not fair -I would settle for 7 hours sleep - but it never seems to happen 
@karennz I may have to wait another 2/3 hours  *twitches*
i've been working for more than 24 hours now 
about 8ish hours left in burlington and I'm crying already.  #btv
three hours 
not happy i came to work 3 hours early 
@patriciakaulitz around 3 hours or more  and now it's up .
just woke up and I am still tired after 10 hours sleep 
@ItsJustDi just think you aren't driving for 5 hours.  
just woke up about 2 hours ago. still tiredd. 
FINALLY. 12 hours to go 
would like to re-do the past 24 hours 
@lostinsound I wishhh. 2 hours 
I was going to sleep 2 hours ago 
@BATMANNN i have been for hours and not finding much 
This is a ridiculous hour to be up. I only went to bed 7 hours ago 
Three hours sleep, not even close to enough 
has work in a few hours. 
@noodlebrain74 I've been marking for hours 
2 more hours till church.. :| and 5 more hours till i can eat. 
is finally going to sleep... for 4 hours... 
i have to get up in 4 hours 
built a kite for about 5 hours just to find it wouldnt fly. 
hmailserver is driving me crazy.  and now it's almost 330.  i have to wak up in 2 1/2 hours 
@iamjonathancook I have been up for 5 hours 
I have to be up in 3 hours  iSleep now.
Up for hours already 
Laying in bed, really don't want to get up because once I do I won't be able to lay back down in 12 hours  I hate being grown!!!!
i'm waking up in two hours and thirty. 
brr now im cold fixed i pod but it took me  4 hours 
I've been ready to go since about an hour after we got here .. that was about 4 hours ago. I miss @powboley 
@becjonas_16 same, it only just happened like 3 hours ago 
ugh, why did i wake up?! i only slept for 5 hours 
@missmaisie ughhhh 50 quid for 6 hours?! I get 36 for 8 
Up after 2 hours sleep. 
is off to converse with herself for 3 hours 
why is it that i slept for literally ten hours and im still exhausted? 
i have been up for like 2 hours 
@LiveAlone i was looking for you for 10 of those 12 hours 
@MisterHeuge i'm 6hours away! 
Thinking I should really be in bed, but will be up again in a few hours, maybe just stay up.... or not... argh 
only got 3 hours sleep. 
Codrals last only 2 or 3 hours 
after 4 hours sleep i am pooped 
@MzNitra damn got this three hours too late 
had just woken up from my 3 hours nap  damn! is so tiring
has to make 3 hours of work last 7.5 hours. 
i missed 2 hours of it! 
can't sleep. i need to be up in 3 + 1/2 hours 
@PiNKBARBiEE lmaooo dat was madd hours ago 
@KnightOnline if it takes 3 hours you will say it early  We r'n't sleeping... :S
sooccciiiooollloooggggyyyyyy  2 hours...so long :/
Oh how I wish I could just fall asleep... I have to wake up in less than four hours! 
I still can't sleep and I have to get up in like 3 hours... 
is twerking by herself for 2 hours... 
I want to sleep, just for 4 hours....I really hope I wake up in 4 hours...... 
Working in just under 3 hours 
only slept a little under 10 hours 
slept 2 hours.  now I'm up and can't get back to sleep.  ugh. 
wired to the wallllls and i have to work in 6 hours 
Getting ready for bed...I cant believe how late it is already and I work in a few hours....that sucks  goodnight everyoneee
Has been trying to sleep for 2 1/2 hours!!!!! 
I cant sleep, final in just a few short hours 
@missgigip I need 2 more hours 
only two hours of sleep, now driving 8 hours. 
@billsimpson19 another 2 hours 
Heading to bed, leaving @nailhead and @thesabs in a few hours 
Finally made it to bed... 4 hours later than I had once hoped 
moving in 8 hours... 
i LITERALLY just had brunch 2 hours ago and i'm still hungry 
@UndressJess I do, but its hard to when I am hours away. 
25 hours and counting. 
@MissLaSheenaJ yes I am....I have r more hours to go 
insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|
@samluminate the closest is a good two hours 
been driving for 3 hours...very carsick 
Ugh 3 more hours 
been awake 19 hours 
@coebooth Just got it a few hours ago! So not yet! 
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit advanced databases in 8 hours and 13 minutes  fail
@sjhannam working mostly online these days, sara. 10-12 hours on the computer, but not happy about it at all 
@jesboul .... @trinibwoy718 really is sick he hasnt twitted in hours sooooo not like him 
T-96 hours 
Just woke up and i feel relieved Haha now i have to go to work in 2 hours 
...3 hours... 
Holy shit I'm tired still about 7 more hours to go 
so tired...still have about 2 hours of painting left 
i have to wake up in four hours to go to work but i can't sleep 
Ugh 9 hours to go 
should have been asleep for the past 1.5 hours. 
has to go to work in precisley 2 hours and 15 minutes 
recruitment workshop for 8 hours straight in about ... 7 hours (not really looking forward to it) aghhhhhhhh 
Just got out of workk I go back in like 3 hours jajaja 
Counting down hours 'til I turn 26...sigh....I'm so old 
This is too depressing! Uffft 4 hours to go now!  what should I do tonight?
@JohnLloydTaylor you're just four hours away from me  see you june 20th!
i'm going to give it all you've got 4 hours later than planned. 
funeral. will be unreachable for a few hours. 
Three hours sleep. 
2 more hours... 
is sad to be leaving in a few hours 
wishing i didnt live 4 hours away 
So sweeepy   only slept like 2 1/2 hours maybeee
Just finished four hours of cleaning ... exhausted. 
too tired.. I slept only 2 hours 
i just slept for 2 hours but now i feel even more tired then i did before 
fell asleep for 6 hours...  so lazy 
now i have 6 hours of updating to look forward to 
@alverson It's officially been 24 hours...I think I'm going to go crazy.  
have been working for last 48 hours got just 2 hours break tired   ==~~L
I fell asleep for 4 hours  not good at all 
I have to be up in 8 1/2 hours 
3 hours and I'm off  sooooo long to go
....i miss my betchs. draaank one for me.  2 more hours.
@ladymaryann not yet  ive been waiting for hours and hours by my computer ;)
@collinz, eight ish hours. We have 79 miles to go 
I wish I could sleep, I have to be up in 5 hours! 
How come I never get more than 6 hours sleep! 
Lalalalaaa I'm bored 2 hours and half of waiting 
I officially have not been asleep in 48 hours. I can't sleep anymore. 
Could have slept for at least another two hours 
Ugh headache for the past few hours! 
4 hours of studying (only) 
i've studyied for about four hours :O and there's more to come 
Again, this is going to take me two hours to do 
slept 12 hours... still sleepy 
I can enter after hours.. I'm installing messenger but I don't can 
Is going back to work for 3 more hours in a few minutes 
@hondanhon it was even worse for 5 hours gardening 
3 hours and 15 minutes left before i can go home 
@mnrmg 3 hours?! Wuzzup wif that?! Why so far? 
I just got done ripstiking for two hours....I still suck! 
@shinobistalin I'm sorry, I had to bounce..I was there like 3 hours  I got your $
been miserable for the past 24 hours but finally starting to feel better. hopefully it continues to go UPhill... 
Has not slept in 24 hours and I've about 7 hours of classes more to go. 
been up for almost 24 hours now. why can't I sleep? 
About to go to sleep.. sooooo tired and I have to wake up in7 hours 
Only 2 hours sleep, 
going to bed for about three hours, so i can go back to work... again. 
8 hours down and ooooou! another 8 hours to go 
about 4 hours since @KrystalSpee left.. missen her already.. 
2.5 hours later...still awake. 
I am knackered. 3 hours sleep is not enough! 
5 more hours. 
@cambrilis I don't want to stop! But I have to, for a few hours or so, until I finish what I'm supposed to do. 
Missing @iftikar already and he's only been gone 8.5 hours 
@hexdoll @danbjorn, I was planning to, but I'm 2 hours away currently. 
Why do I always feel tired, I sleep more than the recommended 8 hours but I still feel lazy and tired  (via #zenjar )
Surviving on 3 1/2 hours  i want to go back to sleep! :/
Three more hours. Possibly four. 
I don't want to go back to work tmr for like 12+ hours 
@ehilton4 I have 3 hours still 
Omgeeeeee i been n traffic for two hours now 
i feel so sick   ugh! and tired but i just slept for 3 hours. fml
just got $1000 and then 'lost' it a few hours later 
I should so be asleep, up in 3 hours 40 minutes 
@biancalol @jessiiccaa I would ask but... I'm like, 2 hours away, sooo... 
I've been in class for 8 hours, I want to go home now but 3 hours before I can.   _[Bam]_
Tired of driving already! Not even 3 hours down 
@jenjo636 its possible! lol .. i rarely sleep more than five hours 
has been laying here for hours. Wondering when I'll be able to sleep. 
is tired and should go to bed but I'll prolly still be up in 2 or 3 hours.  
@Y0adrienne i know   like 3 hours doesnt seem that much but it really is.  WE NEED TO ICHAT!!!!!!!!!!!
has to work in 10 hours 
I really need to work more hours but they won't give me any. 
I have to wake up in 3 hours 
arghhhhhhhhh, i've been sleepping on and off for 13 hours, i hate it i just get tired and annoyed 
In the last hours of my Vacay 
two hours later &amp; i'm still not tired  jdmwgajd
@ladybolan I've got another three hours 
Two more hours. 
5 more hours 
where you at? I been waiting 4 hours. this how u do me cuz I'm sick.  lol! @KuPanDaRedbone
5 more hours to go 
@aluniquen Haha thankfully i'm not doing that many hours, it just sucks that i don't get to go out at the weekends anymore! 
3 more hours. 
Up again! Just think 5 hours ago I was awake. Wow insomina stinks. 
@OhAngie 32 hours = totally dead  #hopeful
got my #wow repaired, took only 2 hours 
had migraine for the past 6 hours  
5 hours to wait 
@goldieloxz shuddap!!!! I got 6more hours to go 
@quatloo nursing shifts  very tiring. 12 hours of not getting paid lol.
... 4 - 5 hours pa. 
Eurgh, up for 24 hours after 4 hours sleep last night... and bed is still 10 hours away 
ugh, can't sleep and have so much to do in a few hours. 
leaving early! still two hours later than summer hours though 
I have to go to work in a few hours 
bored at work... 3.5 hours down, 5.5 hours to go 
I woke up only 4 hours ago but yet i still feel like i could sleep another 10 hours 
Why are these last 2 hours going by so slowly?! 
Ugh! i just fell asleep for like 4 hours! i have so much work! why didnt i wake up?! 
@PHOTOluluTV not yet.  countin it down...3 hours left...
nearly 2 hours later... i'm actually going to bed now... p.s i'm screwed 
Working for the next 9 hours  bye twitterland
Still working  almost over 2 more hours and counting down
@tomraines I think twitter is going down for a few hours in 2 minutes! 
I have to work in 8 hours 
Just 2 hours left. 
mostly working; despite having 4 hours sleep 
just studied for 6 hours. im still screwed 
4 hours left 
Going to work for about twelve hours. 
i want to crawl back into bed and sleep for another six hours  i hateee working
About togo song for 4 hours then sing at 6 again 
@laurenmyrtle I wanted to go! So badly! But it was 3 hours away. 
Not so happy about having to stay an extra 3 hours over.. 
Twenty four hours isn't very long 
why does he have to live 2 hours away its not faiirrr 
Blargh. 5 hours sleep was not enough. 
7 hours left 
24 hours shift tomorrown.... 
wow really why is it when I am so tired and have to get up in a few hours that I can never sleep!! 
@pmitch27 really? yah i get up around then too. but sometimes i have to get up early and only get a few hours.. 
I was delayed for 3 hours, got here safe and sound, but now can't sleep 
a few more hours left... 
I got two more hours and then I'm out!! But I have to go home and clean. That sucks 
4 hours sleep is not enough 
@herroshayna I'm babysitting for like 2 hours 
9 more hours 
@lyns_w I red that in hours as soon as it was out lol! It's sooo good isn't it!? How much do u just wanto be her  x x x
Recovering.  Only made 81 miles--19 short.    I could run for 25 hours but can't walk right now!
more hours more hours more hours pleeeeeaasse.  i neeed extra moneyyy 
@coreyjaramillo I have to wait two hours. 
2 hours left!! 
only 7 more hours. only. ugh 
I slept for over 14hours.. I'm not allowed to be tired 
@benshephard definately. Managed about 4 hours 
was supposed to go to sleep three hours ago... clearly i am still awake 
Over slept and now headed to work 2 hours late!! 
I leave here in 12 hours. 
just slept for 3 1/2 hours and now I can't sleep anymore 
i have to wake up in two hours.... 
@2servingsofcute so i only get to see you for like 2 hours at most 
Right, off to work  Only 5 hours to go until I'm free xD
@Hawon I just got up and should stay awake. So I slept less than 4 hours 
5 hours... 
 i won't b able to finish my hours!!!  it sucks!!!
@blusol lol, I have another 2 hours 
the next few hours need to go by faster! 
@turtallytayla ..we'll be here for about another 2 hours. 
i've been studying for almost 4 hours straight, i can't do it anymore 
working in 8 hours 
Already feel like I worked TWO shifts and there is 8 more hours to go. 
2 hours to go 
i've been struggling with internet for like 3 hours 
ugh got to wake up in 5 hours 
@EricStephens619 I did for about 3 hours of packing..then I'm all wired from it.. 
i have to get up in 6 hours...i should be asleep, but once again, i can't seem to do that 
2 more hours to go! Days keep getting longer and longer 
Ooookay... going to bed... I need to be up in 3.5 hours 
two hours too early out of bed 
good morning, it makes me sad that i've already been awake nearly 3 hours! 
Really don't want to go to work for a stupid 3 hours.... 
I've spent hours to write I don't know what to write 
last few hours of cuticuti m'sia 
@gliovampire sieeenx !! *hugz* though I can't enjoyed it for another...5-6 hours !!! booohooohooo... 
@cinebo Wow. I managed SIX hours. Now you ruined it. 
@GirlzLoveMusica  i miss u 2 baby ;-) you almost done working i still have 2 hours 2 go 
75.5% ugh...just like..3 more hours 
I forgot to post that they left four hours ago 
@chad420 they must have caught on now i can only vote once every 7 hours  i did again btw
going to work for 12 hours. 
@icaruswish I did sleep in by two hours. 
2 1/2 hours worth.. 
1 1/2 hours sleep is catching up on me 
@rmogull will do. i'll have to do it after hours, while i cry myself to sleep. 
Off to work for six hours again.  
Two more hours till workkkk!!! 
@RobbySTEREOS YES! no  you wrote that 2 hours ago  waaaaa :'(
ugh, just worked 10 hours and have to go back to work in an hour 
Neopetless = 22 hours and counting 
still tired  can i just sleep for the next 12 hours?
@chrishasboobs we had it in calgary like 3 hours ago  it was bad
Going to go and get 6 hours sleep  if I could fit in another 10 hours I'd feel much better!
enough.....beddingtons...i am up in less than 6 hours 
@luckytrinket three hours ago 
@hellsyeameghan  2 hours? that sucks...i guess we cant hang
@Xaris3514 apparently 24 hours   tooooo long if you ask me.  a few hours here and there would have been better.
I've been hammered for 5 hours straight 
I wish I were sleep...mainly because I have to be up in 5.5 hours 
off worrrrrkkkk!!!! I'm flipping exhausted and I start it all again in six hours 
would have liked about 4 more hours sleep this morning 
10 more days to go! the seconds feel like minutes, the minuters feel like hours, and the hours feel like days 
GMT -7 hours  not happy
10 more days to go! the seconds feel like minutes, the minutes feel like hours, and the hours feel like days 
I have to wake up in about 5 hours 
hit up the univesity... be there for about 7 hours!!!! 
K, it's been 5 hours and I haven't actually slept. I want to sleep! 
@tattood1 A few more hours to wait yet then  I was hoping I was wrong.
I've been thinking too I go to work in 2 hours i wanted it before I went 
@mrsclark32 me too can't stand of anymore.. LOL 5 hours to to for me at least...   . 
Yay 3 hours sleep!! 
I've been in this class for 2 hours now. Unfortunately, I have 3 hours to go 
@zanydude Always late i wont be asleep for another two hours yet! 
@ddlovato you're only 2.5 hours away from me ! 
@awakebyjava I guess you were just &lt;24 hours late... 
I should go to bed, i'm up in less than 5 hours! 
http://twitpic.com/7odg6 - What I saw for 6 hours  Not fun!!
grr I fell asleep for two hours and then I've lain awake for two hours unable to fall back asleep 
Where are you sleep?!?  I can't find u anywhere   please come out where ever u r....I have to get up in 4 hours...
slept for 15 hours and still feel tired 
I don't want to wake up in 8 hours. 
18 more hours till I'm free, why can't I study 
4 hours remaining 
@androidpaul I was so sleepy earlier but now that i'm in bed its not working for me.  i'll be lucky to get 3 hours.
going to sleep... i have to wake up in 2 hours 
You have GOT to be kidding me! Why can't I sleep?! I've been tossing and turning for hours  trying to decide if I should just get up...
Still tired and I sleep atleast 12 hours 
Only a few hours left of being a senior 
why am i awake  i only slept 4 hours ughhhh
@klrogers 36 hours 
@Coralalala good old primark ;D but its only 8 hours 
 i cant go to work until 7... that means 2 hours less... tear
@madlyv  I can be there in ..... 18 hours!!!!  except ... I'm working.  
@m_callahan i cant belive you are two hours away from me ! 
@pmdeleon you are two hours away from me ! 
4 hours left 
@ohemeegeeay  4 hours every fortnight! omgeeeeaaa! :/
why is it stormy  I wanted to hang outside for a few more hours
@sarahtrost I totally would, if I didn't live seventeen hours away. 
Going to sleep only to get up in 7 hours....boo 
even though i just saw you like 2 hours ago, i miss you hella 
napped for 4+ hours earlier... 
Morning! I only got 4hours sleep 
I have to wake up in 7 hours  !
i am going to work for 4 hours!! 
ugh. can't sleep and i have to get up in 4 hours 
@foxybimbo I did, slept for a wholly refreshing 3 hours! 
I do so love only getting 3 1/2 hours sleep... 
5 hours down, 5 to go. 
6 hours 
1.5 hours to go. then i must go home and work for another 3 hours 
Its only 9 and im bored already, 7 hours left 
Working on website for the last 20 hours 
Tired only slept two hours..  
@_MsBrown_ But its less than 3 hours from you 
TGIF? still 3 more hours to go for me..sigh!  
have to go to class in 3 hours  BOOOOOORING!
This is the longest 9 hours of my lifee ! 
@ImBryan ugh! it doesn't even come to tennessee. i have to go like 4 hours LOL 
2 hours 
Its felt like an hour and its only been 20minutes...this will be a long 2hours 
@gilbirmingham Where are you, we miss you. 15 hours is too long to be gone 
More than 5 hours maybe something happened to him or he is mad at me 
@mcmartinez84 Not for 2 hours! 
5 more hours in bflo 
7 hours with my best mate and he's gone back to london  7 hours in 2.5 years is not enough!
Ugh i have to get up in 7 hours and im not even tired 
I woke up 3 hours too late .. 
Is not being productive for the fifteen hours 
Is not being productive for the last fifteen hours 
Is so glad she kept waking up every few hours again! I just want to sleep properly 
@shanedawson but 7 hours is soo far away  lol
has been baking for three hours now 
cannot sleep! only 3 hours til i have to wake up 
@noodlechett Still got 2 hours  it seems to be lasting forever!!
I'm up 2 hours earlier than I want to be 
Mehh, two hours till I have to babysit that kid for almost 10hours 
we had sun for a few hours...I miss it so 
just realized i could've slept in for two additional hours 
@mzfuller8 I know.... I hate doing it but whatever, I need the hours. 
@ohjezzica I'll be working away in 2 hours 
Ugh I just went to sleep a few hours ago 
it's been 12 hours now and my 3gS still isn't activated 
11 hours to go!  but like, yayy as well! :$
@SaraW I should have seen you at ohare - I was there for nine hours  . I hope you get out yoday
Awww i slept 12 hours 
@soofiT i just slept like 3 or 4 hours!!! 
I miss being able to sleep 12 hours straight 
Two hours until I find out when I can leave. 
Going back to work, do another 4 hours 
23 hours 
@GrayWhisper  She cried for hours as soon as I laid down to try to go to sleep. I felt horrible AND couldn't sleep. *sigh*
http://twitpic.com/7xzss - This was hours before... I guess I do not tan 
@CMWilly I don't think I can. I have to make up some hours... 
@woodywoodford It's been almost 3 hours 
@Mandaabby I wish I could save you but you are 2 hours away from me 
The alarm is set for 5 hours and 56 minutes from now. - mooi 
2 more  hours!... then 4.5 more... 
Has to be up in 5 hours!! 
@AlmostEmily it'll take up to 2 weeks to find out. I doubt I will if they hire an indian that they can slave away for hours and hours 
@CorkyCrazysauce and what really makes it sad is that she died only 7 hours later 
Oh no!!!  2 hours....  
Going to bed now see you in two hours. 
Off the next 24 hours I am working 16 
K was here for 15 hours- how f*cked up is that? 
 it sucks being single even if it has been just 5 hours
have to go to work for five hours... should be fun 
3 more hours 2 go.  
tired... three hours sleep 
I'm awake &amp; should still be sleeping - 5 1/2 hours definitely not enough sleep, especially after only 5 hours last night  !
Ugh.... do not want to be up right now, and definitely do not want to be working for the next 12.5 hours! 
I'm awake &amp; should still be sleeping - 5 1/2 hours definitely not enough sleep, especially after only 5 hours last night  !
@jazzgirl555 ohmigod 30 hours?! crazy!!  poor you! xxx
has only been sick for the last 24 hours and is already sick of it!!! 
@Galiiit awww  i can never get to sleep. takes like 3 hours
I leave in less than 2 hours and I am still not ready and I am not feeling so good. 
finallyyyy..after and 2 hours 
@annemyers @annemyers 2 1/2 hours now... 5 hours after our original flight.  And even that's just standby  
is back and hasnt slept for 34 hours 
Going home in 2.5 hours, but I'm back here in 14.5 hours 
4 hours to go 
@cheinara i only have 3 more hours.  i feel for you.  
3 hours 
How many hours left in my workday? 4. 
i just played neopets for 4 hours. 
It's so hot and I've still got hours and hours of piano 
What to doooooo for the next two hours? 
why am i not asleep..i have to get up in 3 hours 
two hours later.................. 
i go to germany in 2 hours 
i was sick for a day 17 days ago. i slept four hours 2 hours ago. i slept two hours 20 hours ago. i will probably get sick again soon. 
just 48 hours 
I dint sleep  I'll probably drop dead in a few hours
@quantenimpuls approx. 90 working hours to weekend  #umzug #serveraufbau #durcharbeiten
On;y been up for like 15 or 16 hours 
I wanted to be up two hours ago... 
blaaaaarg... 4 more hours to go 
has only been awake two hours but would like to go back to sleep 
going back to bed for 2 hours 
@binhog737 It'll be bad in about 24 hours... just sayin...  
few more hours left 
...tired...but feels bad saying so, since I haven't been up for 24 plus hours 
a few more hours jaz will be back! 
Only 2hours left 
@annikajane I have 7.5 hours 
off to work for four hours 
@nataliaaa_yo im two hours behind you. its 12 here. its 2 there. i still have 2 hours til you can yell at me  lol. go! now!
@itsallerson about to go to sleep and excited to shoot in a few hours 
counting down the hours until i can sleep in my own bed. 
Sleeping for a few hours 
@OfficialJonah if i walked, im sure it would takelonger than 5 hours. if i thought i could head to reno, and kick it with u, id be there 
@BenTempleman 12 hours sleep win 
been awake for almost 24 hours, but off to london sooonish 
I've now been officially awake for 24 hours 
I've been reading for almost four hours. It's wizard. I've missed it 
Three more hours...I am so stocked. 
counting hours to unite with hubbbbbbbbbyyy  
I just slept for like 12 hours - awesome 
back to twitter after 16 hours.... hello... 
Nine seven hours and twenty seven minutes that's right 
In hours, I'll go to a musical  I love them!
Finished 110km in 4hours 35 happy with that 
2 more hours! 
Feeling considerably better after 13 hours sleep  still not right though...
will be heading to baguio in a few hours. 
Only six hours left of being 15 
watching 48 hours 
14 hours left 
Cookout in 3 hours 
2 more hours then party timeeee 
Having a three hours break could sometimes be a very thing 
woohoo! It took three hours but I finally beat him! 
@uscweetie less than 48 hours 
Two hours, fifteen minutes 'til the weekend 
@wlturland for approximately 8 hours. 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5cmep - hundred of hours  enjoy 'em... jhahjahj not that much.. i bet you are sleeping right now!!:  ...
few hours to go ! 
studying on ongodly hours as usual... 
6 hours down, 6 hours to go  
Ive offically stayed up 24 hours.  its over.
@ResoundingGlass i'm hoping to have it up again within the next few hours. 
Getting Tired,should have gone to bed 3 hours ago 
@sammi_jade did well in 24 hours I got an @wossy reply and an @rustyrockets  xxx
@mellykitten umm I think it says 164 mins.. almost 3 hours of mcfly goodness 
Just sleeped for 17 hours 
I have 2 wake up in 3 hours! I hope I can do it!! 
2 hours to go  Wish me luck
is 16 in 14 hours 
got up from 2hours sleep 
 leaving in 12 hours yay!!!!!!!!!!
@djrivetkitten i would except for the whole being 8 hours away thing 
i'll officialy be a senior in less than 3 hours 
Is surprisingly coherent on only 4 hours sleep 
@MaximumJpeg see you in 8 hours 
@shiftin around 6.30 I'd have thought..for a good few hours. 
hahaaa, i got up like 2 hours ago.  LOL
vacuumed for two hours straight...fun times. but it really was. 
@MandyGee90 not long now  just a few more hours?
Officially been up for 21 hours goodnight... 
@naughtymeg that was a good 4 hours then? 
@rtaibah that's still really impressive. You could spend a few hours chasing those last few seconds. 
just a few hours of sleep in the past 3 days..crashing...hopefully not waking back up for at least 12 hours 
@taylorswift13 see you in 3 hours 
@jonasbrothers think it is so awesome that #jonaswebcast is still trending even though it ended hours ago 
so i got 3 hours of sleeep. off to see taylorrrr in the cityy. 
2 hours left 
