Most common words for this cluster:
[('hour', 974), ('half', 135), ('shift', 34), ('nap', 34), ('hours', 33), ('day', 31), ('lol', 27), ('time', 25), ('amp', 21), ('lunch', 19), ('minutes', 19), ('morning', 18)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hour', 0.9594670534133911), (u'hours', 0.7547564506530762), (u'minutes', 0.6824712157249451), (u'minute', 0.6390209794044495), (u'day', 0.6096266508102417), (u'##minutes', 0.5848135352134705), (u'##/#-hour', 0.5808811187744141), (u'halfhour', 0.5777920484542847), (u'##minute', 0.570504903793335), (u'hourlong', 0.5604658722877502)]





seriously...if I had only stayed up for 1 more hour, I could have tweeted with the boss.  
Just got to work a 1/2 hour ago.....wishing i was still in bed 
 not looking forward to my 10 hour shift tomorrow.
Ugh I think I had but a half hour of sleep. I'm so bummed, last night was upsetting 
all did not go to plan, ended up seeing The boat that rocked, and only about an hour and a half later 
Homeee imorn! 8 hour drive though 
i wish doing my hair wasn't a 2 1/2 hour long endeavor 
is going back to work for his second 4 hour shift 
here is @feiticeira? She was here an hour ago and has disappeared now boooo 
@jonaskevin YUMM I dont get macca's much cause its like an hour away 
@waynelongton no I'm an hour late 
I HATE my alarm clock, it's been going off every hour haven't slept at all 
@ArthritisWalk until a few months ago there wouldn't have been any curry left  I would have at when I got up an hour ago now I feel re ...
really hates trains... my 2hr45min train journay involves an hour's connection time in the middle of nowhere 
meh, half an hour late. stupid hayfever kept me sneezing through the night 
about to go to bed... 12 hour shift tomorrow 
is awake, but needs to go back to sleep. I still have an hour or so before the alarm. 
I got about one hour sleep 
I just got up like an hour ago and I really want to go to bed 
Only an hour until I have to go to college  wouldnt mind but we wont even be doing much :|
Dogs woke me up an hour ago and i can't get back to sleep. 
the new cobracam video isnt up yet  i'll check back in an hour....
got to sleep in today.. for about a half hour hah..  school soon 
@motionocean thanx  yupp, going to the hairdresser in about an hour. 
not in the mood for an hour and a half of english this early in the morning 
@AlastairDewar got a 2 hour meeting for my elective then my 2 hour elective 
:S i have a 10 and a half hour shift tomorroww :S and im sick of the food there and theres no were else to eat around thereee 
eating lunch... within one hour back to work 
spent an hour scheduling/rescheduling a meeting.. lotus notes sucks.. 
@meandyou1503 ... i need sleep!!! i just took a 3 hour nap and now i'm tired..  
Just finished my three hour final   
is thinking that you should never have a milkshake after happy hour 
@heidiheartshugs i'm working  have a half hour break now and then work til 11  boo me
missed imogen heap vid by one hour 
I hate the hour before an exam where you feel like you're as ready as you're going to be and all you can do is freak out about it 
so i took an hour nap..? or more like i spent an hour tried2 go2 sleep. 1 intl phone call ruined my nap. never pick up calls in the morn 
Just got up an hour ago  woops.. slept in..
Dragged myself to class an hour late .. It is a 6 hour class .. Ughhhh .. &amp;&amp; now im regretting it .. Should stayed @ home and worked out 
Petered out after 35 minutes.  I was on an 800 kcal/hour burn as well. I should have eaten lunch first.
@joek949 no ive already finished for an hour or so.. it was soooo boring!! 
is knackered...tupid mac turned a two hour job into an 8 hour one  xxx
waited in like for over an hour to meet @iamjonathancook &amp; ftsk but got turned away  bummed out... but excited for @petewentz &amp; fob
im soooooooooooooooooooo tired  but in a half hour i can sleep^^
is up and awake at this stupid hour  lol
@calbo I think the show goes for another hour at least 
Listening to music and in a half hour i'm starting studying 
About to embark on a 12-hour flight. Yaay... 
Wants to go home in an hour but can't  stupid overtime
Not till another half an hour 
@streetzpoet i wish but i got swimming in an hour 
@keza34 ober tweet, you only get 100 tewets per hours, and i must tweet more than that, so therefore i get a hour ban 
I saw two preludes within an hour of eachother. . Fml. 
@ICtine it's about a 7.5 hour drive 
birthdays over in an hour 
@AutumnJoi I'm in the same boat....I was so tired about an hour ago now I'm wide awake 
Just discovered one of the systems I'll be live demo-ing at #EdAust09 is moving servers an hour before my presentation 
I hate it when I sleep for about an hour, then wake up and can't get back to sleep again. 
just woke up from a 10 hour nap. i was shooting for 2. this is why i rarely nap. it never works. 
been on the coach an hour and only just done all pick ups 
Waiting for @bigdonvespa as we are now an hour late thanks to him 
Final in less then a hour...yikes...I think I am going to fail 
this sucks  I have to be up in less than an hour and I can't sleep D: is any1 up?
anatomy exam in an hour and a half  ahhhh
I've been on the bus for an hour and a half. 
@ComedyQueen why you gotta go in half hour 
@ashleyvirus ummmmmm.. in an hour LOL then i'd be on my sidekick 
Is it ok to tweet again? I reached my limit for the hour &amp; was told to come back later. 
fun dreaming. I'm off to bed an hour later than I told myself 
Is 1 hour away from her weekend!!! One loooooooooong hour! 
@marginatasnaily oh no  yea spontaneous was good, but it did mean we had to wait half hour for a table at the restaurant!
Scratch that. It was an accident. 1 hour delay 
I guess an hour of sleep will have to do. 
ready for brunchhh but it's not for another hour. 
@katietaty me neither  I just spent an hour watching junior instead of revising
Not been able  to decide whether I should tidy my room or  eat for the last hour and so have done neither 
laguardia... still an hour and a half til our flight 
@FaveColourPink lol red or white? It's turning grey here now  still going out tho, twins can trash the park for an hour lol
@howrestling that would've been me if I'd have procrastinated for another half hour 
On hour 4 of a 17 hour drive  I am already a little board.
Sitting in church, I was a half hour late this morning. I never miss my alarm. 
ap psych review in an hour 
There was a sign that says there's a brush fire 30 miles ahead and to expect a 1 hour delay  and I was making such good time
@MinnerDinner  I also can't get back on the boards....it's been up and down for me for the past hour. 
I've been buying a car for an hour an a half 
ate too much today  going to run for an hour while watching hana kimi.
spent an hour + claining up my email ... ugh 
no one has tweeted in an hour 
And I thought I was so close to finishing! I'll probably up for the next hour or a little passed. 
....in an hour 
preparing for a 24 hour run ride row. yey 
I took a 5 hour energy drink and its still keeping me up... 8 hours later  can't sleep!
Only an hour left! 
@wsreaves I slept/laid in bed for another hour.  I'm up now. (G'morning, btw.)
seriously , what i fucker. i get like an hour of sleep 
i miss mcfly  blahhh i better go revise for an hour or so till i lose concentration
@KrisReyes You left your phone?  By accident I hope.  I've done that once...liberating for about an hour then you feel disconnected. 
I feel sick  and have a 3 hour drive this afternoon!!!! I really hope i fell better by then! ((((
over slept by like a half hour  shit. now im running late \
@jordanm11 well,that just sucks an blows lol i had 2 sit through a 2 hour exam,i finishd it in half an hour... 1 1/2 hours of doin nothin 
@jacqueline47 same here I got jooped into watching the last hour 
@AthenaChristine ino ino  i feel so lazy being up for over an hour and havent hit the bathroom lol
just got up  I'm so tired....and I have to work in an hour...
still have 1 and a half hour to stay in the office huhuhuh...... so sleepy 
work sucks, i wish i was there now, instead of doing a 5 hour shift in an hour or so 
Oh how I hate these early mornings, have to work a 12 hour shift today. 
is missing someone already and they've only been gone an hour 
So much for getting to bed at a decent hour 
Sitting on my balcony for one last hour. 
Sitting at a graduation ceremony for @keishibaby ... Running on less than an hour of sleep! 
In dallas - early - an hour until my next flight 
Just got back from being with my cat for an hour cause she's sick. 
hubby been out nearly an hour on bike - actually worried  k
UGH. Pondahan.  the 24 hour takeover continues...
just woke up from a 2 hour nap. revision for the rest of the night 
sat @ the airport for an hour &amp; didn't get to see him 
@RosieBrooks me too was up every hour last nite 
eurghhh didnt need to be up for another hour and yet i was awake at 5:30 
@SomethingToBurn argh if only i had woken up an hour ago 
exam in a hour 
did 17.5m this morning in exactly an hour which wasnt bad, but 90 minutes later my legs are still aching 
It's only 7:23?1 I've been up for an hour and a half 
Also, I got into work an hour earlier than I should have.  And no, I will not be leaving an hour early. 
@abbasibros yeah too bad i leave again in less than one hour 
*talking to myself* Get up girl. *groan* You were supposed to an hour ago. *sigh* 
still an hour to work 
Sucks when u think your appointment is at 8 but is really at 9. I could have got a whole extra hour of much needed sleep. 
waiting for my food. half an hour to go 
what a heavy day, just an hour to go here 
Wtf why has my ipod been frozen for like an hour! 
@xCraziiChiicax In about an hour it will probably mess up again 
I'm an hour late to work. I couldn't get up that darn early! 
@eebiejeebiez heyyy! still got 3 left  BUT i have one in a bout an hour, so after that il have 2 to go!!! u??
@souljaboytellem just woke up with half hour to get showered and shaved and get to work 
I should PROBABLY get out of bed and get dressed now. I have a little less than an hour before I need to be out the door. 
is tired and wants to go back to sleep for an hour but cant 
I should be outside to enjoy the beautiful weather, but instead I am waiting at the dentist for an hour long session. 
is off for a very long day on very little sleep. NoNo is not wanting to go to bed at a decent hour at all. 
@richardwilko just had a 2 hour demo to clients, and still feel like crap. interviewing later... 
All fixed. No worries. Just erased the extra half hour I was trying to give my self this morning for productivity. 
was an hour and a half late for work! bored already and want to go home 
Going to math.  No service in there so no tweets for an hour. Ttyl
What's wrong with Tsel signal? Always at this kind of hour. 
Another 12 hour review day 
going2 have an eye test in an hour, brrrr... 
I kind of just want to sit here for the rest of the hour. 
is not beside me, but a 14 hour drive away!  #SaveEarl
if were not going tesco's for another 45 minutes why did you wakes me half an hour ago 
Only an hour to go - then a long sit on the M5 
slept for half an hour over my sheets of eagleton, reading makes so tired 
tied up in 4 hour meeting   thought it would be 2 hours
@MTtheGreat you just made me hungry and I still got an hour till lunch 
bah rocked up to work &amp;&amp; found out I start @ 11.30  I'm an hour early
@ddeeaannnnaa89 at least another hour before I can join in the fun 
Why can't I sleep?  I fall asleep sitting up but as soon as I lay down I stare at the ceiling for half an hour 
@rockyrivers you shouldve stayed longer than an hour  haha! I'm so dark already..  )
@turnofautumn i hardly ever get to see them and i like like a half hour away. 
@Elenasaidwhat let's switch places even just for a minute! no, make it an hour. pleeeeeeeease 
@d3signar  I must wait another hour 
@VanceStudios Usually I get all dressed up- this morning just started with an hour distance learning from home- now I'm off(and dressed) 
i wish that i could go to bed a reasonable hour 
Power went out for an hour or two 
and so it begins... been waiting a half hour already &amp; I'm falling asleep already. 
woke up an hour early just to study for        a test 
@Sweena ... so I can't charge you by the hour then? 
thought id tanned after an hour in the sun, i was wrong....i've just burnt 
in about half a hour i'm going to my english lesson...guess i'll have to wait...and wait for a couple hours so i'm over with it.(( :S   ))
wow the last hour of twittering that I've been doing has yet to be sent over to twitter..  guys bare w me... 
Waiting for nearly an hour at the bank 
I work in one hour 
He's getting ear tubes in about an hour so no food 
going to work at one sucks, I miss happy hour at sonic 
@BlueEyedGirl18 One hour and fifteen minutes.  A dreadful wait.
@SoulAfrodisiac I feel you on that one....I moved recently and now the nearest @wholefoods is an hour away 
last real seventh hour 
I don't want to go to the 3-hour lecture 
Of course it rains five minutes after i finish watering the flowers. It took me half an hour to water all of them too. 
@MashUpNicole I still have an hour. 
ugh... only 1 3/4th hour and i will be 19... 
 I've already been cleaning for over an hour!!! So much more http://twitpic.com/67gzx
@mfharrison I still have another hour. 
@lightsresolve I'm so mad I cant go to that...you're like an hour away from me. 
Its finally nice out... An hour before we leave 
i give uppp a hour of tryin to tlk to @mitchelmusso  i love him but my minutesss lol
@mitchelmusso i waited for like an hour and i never got to talk to you 
@JonathanRKnight understands you it's long the 6 hour  
an hour and 13 minute conversation, we haven't talked on the phone that long since middle school. why does she have to be so far away 
is ready to call it a day....  hour and a half left...hour and a half left...hour and a half left...hour and a half left...
in the car going to the hamptons. another hour and a minute 
@jenhillenga it's a 9 hour drive  But I could probably swim there in 8 ;) we miss you!
STILL working. prolly have another hour ahead of me. ugh   
@neilcrosby, @Rossbruniges. I beat you both. 1 hour in the last 48  I now have the shakes.
I am going to work in an hour. 
i got caught fukkin stealing a pizza from safeway an hour ago 
what was a 3hour shift turned into 7 hours. 
Ugh! I just love waking up every hour and a half. 
@Kikirowr I know.. I am boring at this hour 
Its 640 in the damn morning... I been up for an hour and can't go back to sleep!! 
@momebie I woke up, lay in bed for an hour, then looked at the clock.  It was 5:54.  
Installing sp2 for vista, says it could take over an hour. What the hell am I supposed to do for over an hour?  
Getting better by the hour. Hopefully I will be good for the party tonite! Prolly will go but no drinks for me 
Ugh... well here i am at the beginning of a 16 hour shift... check on me later to make sure i'm still alive 
@audreyawesome we are on the way now   it's like a 5 hour drive though. 
hates when you get up to pee and can't  fall back asleep an hour before the alarm rings 
I overslept and now I am sooooo late.  And I still have a 2+ hour drive. 
The slow connection starts again.. Its always at this hour 
mentally preparing myself for my 9 hour shift. 
Wth i was suppose to sleep another hour..not fair! 
I'm about to leave within the next hour, I don't get signal out there which sucks  sooo....
Always disappointing to get out of the shower after half an hour and not have any new messages. 
I hate waking up suck, knowing I have to work in an hour.. 
An 8 hour drive hungover is no fun 
@Fernweh_84 I don't think so, I'm really hurt now actually  have already been crying my eyes out for an hour
cant believe its an hour tll the results 
never had me medicin so now i have to wait an hour to have food 
My dumbass just took a shower completely forgetting that I wanted to go running in like an hour. 
Lunch break, in my last half hour of the day, can't leave, have to wait for time clock 
totally insane,, at this hour still doing the-never-ending-assignment 
and i lost a follower in the last hour! what did i do wrong?? 
just finished my one hour workout..damn it feels good! too bad i can't do this everyday 
Missed the bus, have to wait a half hour 
@antVE got that right  i only stuck around for bout an hour before i left cause it was too laggyyy
reached the 24 hour mark, still so much unpacking to do 
Last reply I got was an hour ago ! 
heading out for a long six hour shiftt!!! 
This torture. I dispise lines. We have been waiting an hour and not close to crossing yet. 
@IAMtheCOMMODORE off for a little and when i get back on i find out that you went live on saynow an hour ago 
@ronniewilson - Yes, terribly slow about an hour ago (945 central) 
lol where is everyone in my house? jfc no one has answered me for over an hour 
@brinckey7 thanx  he cried on my shoulder 4 an hour then he fell asleep 
long's pharmacy still having difficulties. dropped presc off at 11a for 3p pup. went back at 415p and still had to wait almost an hour! 
tried to go to sleep at a reasonable hour and still hours later can't fall asleep 
is not looking forward to my 12 hour shift 
Someone tell me why i'm eating m&amp;ms at this hour........................... 
-yawns some more- I've got work in an hour and a half, this isn't good 
soo hungary but i can't eat for another half an hour because i had to take medicine and i can't eat 2 hours before and 1 hour after... 
So mad I came into work an hour early..that's an hour of sleep I missed out on  boohoo
ahh make that seven thirty. been in bed for an hour and i still can't sleep 
@tracy_loo_who doubtful since it's only 30 min not an hour 
@jigitz my house is about an hour away  i could meet at about twenty past three? :]
Choles flight leaves in two hours. I have less than an hour to spend with him 
sunbathed for an hour and then got bored... maisie is tired 
Physics Class in an hour! 
why why didn't they mention ghost would be airing at 10 instead of 1030... basically I missed the first half hour of it. 
@dazzleme18 heyy i just put the final product together and it took like the last hour  lol i dunno if i can do it again 
 film not on till 7:45, will have to hold out for 2 hours, i'll fix some tea and then go to pops for an hour
The sunday bus service here sucks  only have the choice of 1 bus which comes every half hour...
have to go to work in an hour......really don't want to go 
worst half an hour everrrr  seriously annoyed me
About to go to a two hour open gym then an hour and a half practice  (basketball)
An hour left, all spent working on my project. 
I'm about to be the same way in an hour  @liciafe
I want to go home and sleep  one more hour!
@CCHS_science yeah it is a shame, because i just spent about an hour studying it 
Missing @DaveTheGame... and he hasn't even been gone an hour. 
@OMSVU for real! And the hour will go by so quickly  they need 2 hour finales or something
@Katersoneseven ebay only keeps you signed in for an hour at max 
i am at the airport waiting for segs flight to leave the hour in drawing near 
For 4 years i've been only an hour from syracuse or closer, @postsecret exhibit goes there and now i'm too far away 
An hour till I'm done with this nightmare! I'd rather be doing the marathon 
On my hour alone  I still have two 15s with 45 minutes of work left!
Ah no! I missed an hour and a half of my favorite two hour show. 
MTV awards don't start for an hour and a half here! 
took what was supposed to be an hour nap before roller derby, ended up sleeping for 4 hours  going to try to sleep soon, working dub in am
just figured out I have a 2 hour sac in 2 weeks 
@dannynic I agree whole heartedly - will be training in about an hour - in doors like you 
@casskiely No fair! I still have an hour to go!!! 
In alanta three hour lay over 
i woke up about an hour ago at 1030 which left me with a really short morning  i need to start getting to sleep earlier!
@ragnarok1971 i just hit the 13 hour mark as well 
Arrghh I keep on waking up every half fricken hour 
I just need one more hour... 
@bngr We'd actually really love to but @brenflakes is doing the mini-marathon in an hour! 
@sydthekid you and me both!!! except I get to wake up in 2 and a half hours and start the 13 hour process of hell I love so much 
In the park during lunch hour, realising that I will have to accept the fact that I now get hayfever 
im exhausted. the one night I finally get to sleep at a reasonable hour, and I can't fall asleeep. wtf is up with that 
eugh I'm so tired...and I only just got up like an hour ago :| neeeed coffee... 
An hour until my consultation - eek  
 i thought the hills would be an hour long
y0 ! it worked after an hour 
@kenetria still got anotha hour 
I've had hiccups for the last half hour.   I can't get rid of them.
good: my storyville coffee came!!!   bad:  i have to get a few cavities filled in an hour and a half 
Two hours into a four hour test. 
@productgirl Just lunch hour!  
@nicolalalalala I ain't even got time for that, I gotta be out the door in half an hour! 
i am about to go crazy. i've been sitting in pinnacle for over an hour 
's lunch break is over, and she now has to find marketing that she spent 1/2 a hour looking for this morning 
Nothing like turning a 6 hour train journey into a 7 hour journey, eh? 
has a sore back  but hopefully it will be better before my 2 1/2 hour dance rehearsal with company tonight!
punching myself in the face for taking a 3 hour classsss 
have been really enjoying the 24 hour blogathon of @elsiecake - inspiration galore and craftastic overload!  but now it's bedtime here 
Finally, I'm mobile... For like an hour 
Sitting at the airport hungover with a 4 hour delay.... 
@saronti I get completely uninspired when I'm tired and last night I only slept for about an hour and a half 
ugh.. I came to work an hour early again.. hate this 
ummm.....practice! in bmore...not excited about this rush hour traffic i'm about to sit in though.... mmhhhmm 
missed sonic happy hour! 
I've seriously had the hiccups for the last half hour 
@GallifreyReject still working for another hour and a half  will tweet much as soon as i get home yay!
so i get the balls to text an hour ago.. still no reply 
@redsoxmonkey aw monkey hugs! iam still pretty sick  a little better though had to work a 6 hour shift today :S
think I might actually go to bed at a decent hour 
Just woke up from my 4 hour nap, missed greek  going back to sleep
@brittany_monet i only get half an hour too  what time works best for you?
i frikken took a three hour nap, not planned 
tired of working 14+ hour days 
Morning , exam @ 9   1hour 45mins too D:
@soaps3 I will, but odds are that I woo will be in bed within the next half hour 
Is off to the doctors in an hour as she can't stand it anymore 
why am i still awakeeeee  ugh! stupid 4 hour nap
@Edisontiger omg didn't you start watching it an hour or so ago?? 
I'm starving! One hour 'til lunch time 
I've got half an hour to kill and my phone is dead. 
blah another 12 hour shift 
has to wait an hour for my flight this sucks 
French and i have half an hour left of my life worth living 
got to go do my hair be back in like a half hour 
@brianspaeth  I just recently found out that those people live less than an hour away from me. 
@lizp02x i'm babysitting for another hour and a half 
@dahlila yep...me too.  and i just had 2 sales in the last hour...good timing.
@momof3crazykids If you drive towards @MrsP_ifurnastee @vickybonnett it will be a 3 hour drive for me.  @leslielu2
been up for an hour and a half. so ill. 
I've been trying to fall asleep for a hour  not working out! Its so hot in here.
is hating that she only has to go to college for an hour n half 
Just over an hour to go then I can set off home. Although thats a 2 hour journey as well. sigh 
Test in half an hour argh  x
@xvikki it's actually busier than I thought, most ride ques are like half hour at least 
Ughhh, I could have won!!! I knew the stupid answer, and was just calling for like a half hour!!!   Couldn't get through!
finished editing with jo, now having lunch working in one hour 
selecting the examination at this hour is really not a good idea. so tired and sleepy 
2 hours 15 minutes in traffic already. And i think i'm still half an hour away from home at least 
awake now. but did not sleep well. woke up like an hour and a half after i went to bed with a need to pee. and now my tummy is ooky. 
was exposed to a 3-hour long electric shock , 5 more to go 
I woke up an hour too late this morning 
Hopping in the showa for only a half hour, then off to work 
@foolingapril I work for like an hour. For $3. And it sucks. 
@fourzerotwo Why didn't you tell us earlier! The show ended a half hour ago 
I'm so worried. It takes almost an hour to make 1 box. That's 36 hours..... I'm gonna go cry now... 
i miss my friends.  now this hour and 10 minutes is going to go by so slow.
@riotthyme  I'll be at the doctor's office in an hour and a half
going to see the tubes in half an hour! missing you, maurits 
@williamrast yes, i think so... twitter will be down for one hour for maintenance.. 
Ugh. I'm going biking with some people in an hour, but I want to take a nap. 
working [4-11] no me gusta 7 hr shifts cuz there's only one break 
That 20 minute nap turned into an hour and fifteen all too fast! Wish I could sleep longer. 
8 o'clock twitter'll be down, for an hour. 
@TomBurnsRogers @nSpringthorpe It was a mystery, until they called us an hour after saying we suck. 
I don't know whether to just leave it alone or cancel it and start again? It's been going on for over an hour now 
HIGNFY is on half an hour later tonight  very annoying!
@mcraddictal What's wrong? I leave for a hour and you're like this. 
@boswick82 Shits messing up my drive to happy hour 
@Mitchelmusso I can't! That would b a seven hour flight for me. 
Server playing up again... we should be back within the hour 
@JasonDeehr I wish i could, but I don't think it's worth the 6 hour drive 
@vhernandez I'm afraid it was.  Too many tweets in an hour.  
EVRYONE, @_nicmac has reached her twitter limit  she is not allowed to tweet anymore, BOOHOO, there is a 100 per hour limit
@monalisa7872: would help you if I could; on my way to work in the next hour 
Getting ready to clock in for a 7 hour shift on such a beautiful day that I can not enjoy....  poohie.
I'm loving kill bill 1. Only an hour to go.. 
umm been sitting in traffic 4 half an hour, moved like 1/2 a mile 
@SensualStories I'm surprised - I've seen others tweet more than that per hour...odd 
@rustykuntz12b6 I feel sorry for anyone who shows up at 7....they have to sit around for an hour 
Just got back from hospital because I had an hour long nosebleed. 
I just got on and they're going down for an hour?  
Playing poker tomorrow 2 hour drive 
got back from oxford st about an hour ago, had a great time! i should go to bed now but i can't get 2 sleep!! 
i had to leave training. i got done an hour before everyone else. i can't keep myself around trouble, kuz i looooves me some trouble 
@MzTiyani ima be sad with out twitter for a whole hour ... 
has been on 5 for a hour and can still see his on ramp in the mirror 
My head is throbbing and I have a two hour drive ahead of me.  
@heykim usually about an hour. 
@saldana @ella05 No, still here for another hour or so. You guys suck. 
Twitters about to punish us with an hour long time out 
@MishkaNYC that's probably due to the hour they shut down 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/6q1om - i've been watching sports center for an hour, and i have yet to see you 
@anemommii it was down for an hour 
@iamspectacular u didn't do the live freak hour babe...y? 
I sadly didn't get to watch the rest of it.  I missed the first hour. Only saw the 1st 10 minutes. I'll have to rent it. Lol
@omgitsjamiseal yes i was  it sucked soooo bad. a 20 minute drive turned into a 1 hour drive.
huuhh.. i feel this saturday working hour very very long..  
is going veg. sadly i have to go to work in an hour  argh for closing too! eewww
@chrisamillion yeah - caravan show - half an hour to go - won't be home for 2 hours tho 
got a 7 hour shift ahead  dunno how i'm going to get through this one!! wouldn't be so bad if i worked somewhere i wanted to...
areej's taking pixx and enjoying herself and she's going in an hour 
had the worst 24 hour hangover... and i totally missed friday. 
@euggs that'll be you trapped in doors for the next half hour then 
paying $4 an hour internet, it should be faster than this 
@rmlandrum sorry!! was only there for about an hour  it was a real quick trip
Does not feel like a 3 hour serving coffee shift on my own, and not sure exactly what to do as never done this shift before... :S 
Uploading a new video. It's going to take about an hour and a half to upload though. 
About to endure a 10 1/2 hour workday at Tootsies. 
Hip pain turned my 4.5 hour ride into a 1.5 hour ride   there's always tomorrow... http://myloc.me/2Nkt
wow i got like.. an hour of sleep 
is thinking it is about time to get her own internet because the net works for like an hour a day max and not even on my comp  :'(
working  only one more hour to go!
won't be able to watch the full match.. mom told me to sleep within half an hour.. 
sometimes a 10 minutes task will take more than an hour to complete, for me, that sometime is today 
Just an hour 4 do everything 
@CashCapone damn u always ustream when I can't watch...I still got an hour left in the hairstylist chair ! 
wiii, i can tweet, i cam tweet! i have to wait one hour  i was tweetless
I've been trying to post for the last hour to no avail 
It rained the whole day  I would be nice to sit outside and listen to them drop and shower for a whole hour 
just spent half an hour changing my twitter. and the colours pure weird now  lmfao.
I'm really tired.  I want to go home. Only an hour and a half left thankfully.
btw half an hour until i get out of work but my tummy is upsetties 
Just spent an hour in the shops, and bought one shirt 
I was in the backyard for only an hour but in that hour i turned into total bug food  owww
Just got back from a four hour trip... And no one is here! 
Looking in the mirror; I have a red spot where my piercing used to be. It's been an hour w/o it &amp;&amp; I feel weird.  LOL!
my mom was supposed 2 be home an hour ago..... 
i have to drive during rush hour   http://plurk.com/p/z07oq
working on univision.com redesign at this late hour 
I'm so upset. I took a benadryl an hour ago and it has yet to kick in. 
been trying to wake up properly for about an hour now,no luck 
An hour til my bus! 
@johannajoie I know, its sucks. It was only down for maintenance an hour ago 
wanted more of a lie-in and a nice relaxing brunch but have to be far away in an hour 
@dannymcfly @tommcfly @dougiemcfly @harrymcfly are you all alive no one has tweeted in over an hour  x
Has just woke up and is going to work in like half an hour 
About to leave for the service - an hour and a half trip 
going to bed at a reasonable hour for once... so tired and headachey 
Does checking a certain persons tweet update every hour to see what she's doing counts as stalking?  
i'm now getting paranoid that i maybe blocked again for an hour 
i missed the first half hour of hatching pete 
@cozmosis  i reached my tweet limit like an hour ago 'coz i kept tweeting  #suckmyhypotheticalballs too much :]
So tired after the ball - 2 hour drive back and only a few hours sleep 
look at the hour and I haven't eaten yet 
i have to work in an hour and a half....starting dishwashing today. egh! really can't be bothered.... 
Driving in an hour 
i dont feel so well  and i have to work in an hour.
Shoot I suck!! Who shows up almost an hour late to volunteer? LOL me 
I can so go to bed for an other hour but can't sleep n I'm so tired 
I'm freakin sick with a 9 hour shift today   
I've been looking for almost a full hour now. 
Is going to work in an hour  LOL
nothing like a  2hour walk 
leaving south plainfield    be back in boring old annadale in about half hour or so
@SarahGraceKelly I know, I only started like an hour ago, I should have learnt them weeks ago 
@aarondotjpeg I heard about the 2 hour homelessness 
My nap only lasted an hour, 
@laram82 but i didn't survive the hour and a half walk home. 
@MarieElaineG sorry but I can't be on right now!!!!  are you on in an hour? XD
this traffic is slowing down my 5 hour drive time from montreal 
I have just been asleep for half an hour, suudenly woken up, idk why, was extremely awake, and decided to come on here, but now I'm tired 
ssssssssssssooooooooooooooo bored.  just took a 3 hour nap.
We're an hour late to the party  srry chris
I didn't mean to take a 2.25 hour nap 
@kreacheryl hopefully by an hour and a half 
@stephbysteph now you say it... damn! I've been fooled for one hour and a half! 
i took a two hour nap and i'm still tired? 
An hour and a half more ...  ...
The shuttle bus is late for almost one hour, many of us waited for it like a bird in the heavy shower 
i can't find my ipod  and i just had it an hour ago
I've been lying here wide awake for over a half an hour... just let me sleep!!! 
Morning tweople, off to work for another 12 hour shift 
can't wait .. aaaa .. still a couple hour more .. 
@OneLuvGurl blips down for an hour, maintenance.  good to see you!!
@SimonTheSnowman haha I just spent the last hour playing peggle and now my ipods dead too 
@scholesy111 yay - ive had two in the last half hour! 
A hectic day...Just an hour break 
sucks that I got called in to work a 12-hour shift today 
has her exam in nearly an hour 
eating waffels!getting ready for my third 12 hour shift in a row 
getting ready for the longest day ever  Starts off with a 3 hour exam  I am not enjoying it!!! 
@michelleshum I know!!! It sucks right? If I leave like 5 minutes early I get to school like half an hour earlier than usual. 
Windows PC... why do you have to be so darn slow every morning? 1 hour of wasted time waiting for you. 
@MusicalConstant I missed you by an hour 
is tiiiired, but has to go to the doctor's in less than an hour for her physical. 
overslept this morning  just got here an hour ago....oops!
at the mechanic  will be stuck here for atleast an hour more .
sitting at south waiting for drivers ed. for an hour.  text me &amp; make it better
@CowbellKid I do but, I still have an hour till lunchtime   Where ya going?
this is gonna be one long hour at work! i still have an hour then i can go to the game... 
I've got an hour to kill before I go and have my bath 
Just want to go home have been gone for like an hour and already want to leave 
I'm locked for an hour 
An hour and a half and still no campers. 
@RyanMLTM no i don't  so i'd need to get one from you before you guys go on tour because i'm NOT driving an hour to borrow one from april.
i hate traffic jam + rush hour 
Just dropped alyssa off in charlotte. Now I've got a 16 hour drive back by myself  feel free to call me!
is ready to go home...but i have an hour &amp; a half. 
Only a naive person like me would wait an hour to talk to someone who would only make fun of me for waiting an hour to talk to them. 
sleepy &amp; hungry ...1 hour 6 minutes left in class 
Only an hour left 
@nicollette78 it takes an hour and 33 minutes to get to valencia california!!! 
is in 5mph rush hour  traffic on the 60 
@waynesutton Wish I'd known that an hour ago. 
It took me half an hour for a 50km drive, and another half hour for the last 5km 
O sweet flights delayed an hour 
ugh, i missed almost an hour of raw, when it was in north carolina 
@claireliz81 they're going to close in an hour 
Ooww still get traffic jam at this hour 
@_huny not better  think imma go to the hospital if this fever doesn't go down in an hour
@rainbowbtrfly nope was here at lunch hour like u then left n didn't cm back since 
Just did a 3 hour binge on re5 without moving, still haven't beaten it 
@edrafalko I know right? but it only lasted a half hour  now I'm back to meh...still a half hour of yay is pretty good
STILL working, another half hour or so 
I hate that by 830, even after an hour+ nap, I'm ready for bed 
I think I just broke a toe. I'm NOT kidding. And it sucks, cause I have a five-mile/one hour running goal tomorrow. 
took a three hour siesta but still tired 
@unitechy short of time... have to catch up train in another hour... 
@jakeashley k il see you in an hour n a half.. 
is awake at a stupid hour on his day off! 
@otherlisa @Nightsongbird @4u2wear2 @TRISTANMANOS thx. It's only that i have to be at a very important meeting in little over an hour... 
my phone died like an hour ago! I'm super bummed!! 
1.5 hours into a 12 hour night shift. I think i'm getting the flu... So tired 
@dindahh its good aye, soon randwick will be open though I'm happy I caught up in bio it took an hour 
I've been watching music videos for over an hour and a half because I woke up and couldn't fall back asleep... 
Ugh I haven't had more than an hour sleep 
@weaseljem at least they didn't wake you up at an ungodly hour. The sun wakes me up at an uungodlike hour every morning. i was up at 5am 
in... 1 and a half hour i'm on my way to karlshamn. not really looking forward to it, cos it's sunny outside and will have to be inside. 
has nothing to do for the next hour and a half 
thought i missed traveling in rush hour, the trip i've just had confirms i don't. i hate the tube 
I was late at the airport now i have to wait an hour  no fun
My mom will be home in an hour, but I wont be finished 
and i'm a whole hour early..wtf! 
I am ready for our #SciSea adventure to begin but we have a 2 hour flight delay 
@BerlianAyudya at this hour ? 
EFF Hiccups. I've had them for over an hour now...it hurtssss 
The last half hour is always the longest 
@arnph O seeeea..... wtf was that? 3min? baaah! i just woke up half an hour ago and we just talked 3min?  not fair! tell me the next hour!
i hate being anxious. only one more hour. grrrr 
@christinaheart i still have an hour to go 
@r3v27t70 no  it seems to be that every hour there're playing some parts from old interviews on radio
Oh! 4 hours and 21 minutes to go for 1 hour tweet rest.  
@emilie98 there's no place to buy it within like a half hour of me 
the lady's an hour late and i'm hungry  i deserve this internship just for waiting :-p
Today is not a great day to have to stay a half hour later.  
is ready to go home, another hour yet 
My 80+ hour tyler session is over. 
And now I have a phone call and can't listen to the last half hour of Joypod 
I leave in an hour and i KNOW i'm gonna hit traffic 
good bye to twitter for an hour 
OK all....signing off now for an hour or so   I will miss you all!  lol
so what's everyone got going on this evening? i still have another hour before i get to go home 
I just woke up from a 2 hour nap and I'm starving. 
still listening to my teacher lecture online, been an hour and a half now, so bored and ready to eat supper 
These have been very long 8 hour days. 
I'm missing happy hour 
waiting for another hour. :X LONER! 
@sfortini I used to take naps in the morning after a hour workout.  I am always sleepy. 
So I still need to write at least 2 pages in the next hour. I need motivation. 
woohooo...done working out finally...actually worked out 1/2 an hour less than normal  
@derogatory fjlsdjf okay so i have an hour commute so it's like... 9hrs+2 for the drive to and from. sobbing  i'm not used to it yet
does not like missing a chance to see her friend while she is one hour away 
@sstipo no I just left for the lake like an hour ago 
finished my 12 hour coursework marathon. now for a couple of hours sleep. same again tomorrowww night/tonight! 
I want a scone &amp; I've just been told the place doesn't open for another hour and 40 mins 
i believe i have another hour of waiting  #squarespace #trackle
a half hour to school,,, i don't want to go 
@taytay80sluvr lol i didn't get tickets cuz they ar coming no where near me  well columbus but that's like an hour and a half away. lol
duude i said it was 12:30 its actually 2:40 now @EmmaRoberts18 me either. I was sleep for like an hour but now i cant go back 
it took me one hour to get caught up. i'm never leaving twitter for a whole 24 hours ever again.  
One more hour till I get on board 
@bfdetiger unfortunately there is a 24 hour delay 
Off to a boring 3 hour meeting in a sec 
Starts to get sleepy. Always at this hour 
going to tuition in about an hour... 
@Dameunited lol as there's just an hour left and it's chucking it down, I somehow doubt it, looks like it's in for the day 
Just got up half an hour ago and my hayfever is bugging me. 
Going back to bed, but only for an hour! 
still awake, with one hour left before getting up to go to work. I can foresee already a long and miserable day ahead of me.  
unbelieveable im an hour behind schedule    
I can't seem to be able to sleep through the night. I keep waking up at 2, 3, or 4am &amp; staying uo for an hour. 
about to start a 4 hour study session  needs some motivation!!
if i could take like a 3 hour nap i would b alot happier rite now 
@forrestfanatic i can't eat in the morning. if i do, i throw up half an hour later 
Just had a 2hour exam Now I'm in a hour detention 
in an hour and 20 min.s i have been 30 miles 
i stayed up for an hour just to talk to u.. can't believe that i only got to talk to u for thirty secs.. 
Going to sign forms for getting a passport instead of sleeping for another hour 
@JenaeHorn ..... what time? The game got a rain delay and we only got to see one hour of it before leaving! 
i have to wait an hour before i can put my a/c on!! 
@ittyheartspanda it's saying one hour 
apparently you have a limit to how much you can tweet an hour?  boo. #peterfacinelli @peterfacinelli
Why am I online @ this hour 
@jcrillz gah! an hour and a half to load!!! 
not twittered in like an hour 
@cussbunny it worked a hour ago. not sure not. maybe blocked again 
has been trying to get update for over an hour now.... 
just took a four hour nap ... once again will not be sleeping tonight 
@britl @sublyme working an 11 hour shift and it has been a pretty quiet day  just lonely in this salon... who needs their hair did?
@trenchmonkey aw  they actually found the vein without a half an hour ordeal with 3 different people looking like last time
chasitys hair took me an hour to do. im so slow. grr another 10 hour work day tomorrow, im so fuckin tired 
@GrrrlRomeo damn. I still have to wait another hour 
@TajdarOC no  don't think so. But doesn't Lahore have power cuts every hour on the hour?
@Jacs_Will_Rule i've tried downloading it 3 times but it gets aborted after an hour 
@TheeArmada ahhh! you just made my day! haha. i only live like an hour from houston and i haven't gotten to see you guys in concert yet. 
is preparing for a mammoth 4 hour telecon, how i hate those 
The past one hour and thirty minites has really made me realize that I sure do miss this one boy more than I thought &lt;3 
I ave to be at my interview in half hour! So scared! 
Uuugh I accidentally fell back asleep for an hour  I suuck
Finished choosing my courses although staying up until midnight was pointless and now im going to work for a nine hour shift.. 
weeh in half an hour they're going to start calling us when we haven't passed our exams. I think I failed 
An hour and thirty minutes to get over to the studio. I'm already exhausted 
@christina_1187 too bad we have to wait an hour 
@TheEvaEffect I'll be there in an hour  I thought I heard you coming through the drive thru yesterday and got excited, but it wasn't you.
@KatieCeciil that's bc it's not working right... I just spent an hour reading about it 
Less than an hour till my math final 
Sitting in traffic towards countryside. I'm starving and this is going to take at least an hour longer 
I am gonna have to mow the lawn when I get home and it takes an hour and a half to do so 
I ordered chinese food an hour and a half ago and it's still not here  GAWWWWD
someone called me an hour ago and now i cant fall asleep. but i only slept for 4 hours! bummer. 1 hour til i have to get ready for work 
Not looking fwd to work in an hour.   
the line down by the capitol was ridiculous and too long to wait in for my half hour lunch  @nateerickson
@fashionguru mama can u twitpic me keri hilson again. i tried for an hour  2find it b4 i asked u but i cant 
I have to start getting ready in an hour 
have class in an hour n 18 minutes...i dnt wanna go 
taking a break. 3 hour classes aren't always fun.  boooo.
my flight has been delayed an hour  ...thats y I'd rather drive so I'm in control
Is proper tired and has tried for an hour to get to sleep  x
stuck in rush hour traffic 
is it 6 yet?!i need happy hour 
@MandaBrown oh i am with you. i swear it was 10.30am an hour ago!  How was it only 20 minutes ago?
@courseofhistory ...It says on my tv they aren't on for another hour 
after spending an hour watering, I found out that it is suppose to rain tommorrow....   
I guess 15 minutes  waiting for this car estimate translates to one hour. 
@kogibbq You guys are cool but sometimes i don't want to stand around for half an hour waiting for some tacos. sorry... 
@nelsonmaud I can't bite anymore for an hour  #VampireBite
I'm getting bored now. I just want to go and try for my drivers licence already. I don't want to wait an hour 
My blood sugar just will not go up right now. It's been low for over an hour now. 
I know I should go to bed... but here I am. I have a longggg 10 1/2 hour day ahead of me. 
less than one hour til my birthday... 
@serpentinegal can't go to both place at a time.. an hour for lunch 
back from a 12 hour shift... i love it when i end up working twice as long as i originally had planned. missed sytycd again. 
@tarapark don't make fun of me! when you drink that much in like an hour? I hurt 
Ungh just woke up   Hopefully i can fall back asleep in a hour or two
my beb left jz an hour ago and i already miss him to pieces 
trying to rest after a 1 hour drive turned into a 2 hour and 15min drive thanks to my crying 7 month old 
just finished a 20 hour coding marathon, and is left with a nealry-working, but broken site. 
was stuck in a horrible traffic jam for an hour!!! just reached office!! 
I'm so tired and cold and uuugh D: I should really get out of bed. I was meant to get up over half an hour ago. I'm so tiiiired 
an hour and a half. Another 30 mins to get a cab. No time for lunch 
@SeanDeButts Just took a look, that's an hour bus ride away from me, doesn't look like I'll be able to make it 
@Kittenbomb yeah i spent an hour trying to get it to work, and i'm not impressed 
cant stand it any more, have to turn radio 4 off for an hour - can only take so much vacuous whittering 
I can't sleep!!!!!!     I've been laying in bed for like an hour and nothing....  
Is very disoriented+2hoursleep+7hourshift in about an hour = 
I kind of suck at recording to a click.. ugh... totally unproductive hour of recording 
@andyclemmensen ive been trying to call you guys for half an hour 
going to work for a 8 hour shift 
is packing and getting ready to leave salzburg   woohoo 18 hour layover!
another hour for weekend to start..... waiting desperately 
so boredddddd and ive only been up like half an hour hhaha 
@glenngabe looks like at least an hour left 
@matt_onley unfortunatly the sim takes about 24 hours to register and I've got to put it on a 16 hour charge so demo will have to wait 
can't remember the last time i was in morning rush hour traffic, but I've just been reminded how much i dislike it!  -hc3
totally looking forward to getting ready for an hour 
@thewebguyuk it's quite bad that it took me almost an hour to get that joke 
it's only 11am, but outside it looks like it should be 8pm. hello storms. off to work a 12 hour day. 
@xNICKYURINEx I'm here baby!  I'm like an hour late,... (
just loose a hour from life  #Bangladeshdstchange
@lars10 yup. 12 hour layover 
@Emily0309 no. We hit bad traffic   should be there in an hour and a half
got up early for no reason  wishing i had slept that extra hour.
Is home and just took a five hour nap 
I've just spent an hour cooking tea and now my appetite has gone. I hate this 
i don't want people not to know: so, again, we are sad to say that tiny yard rabbit passed away about an hour ago.  so precious.  
@CaitlinShea I just sat at the dentist just the other day for an hour &amp; a half &amp; that was in the waiting room 
It took me an hour to get this place back in order, are you kidding. Five more hours 
@chilled35 supposed to leave the house an hour ago 
@mileycyrus i was just at the pier waiting for you to show up for like an hour and right when i left you got there  the movie looks sweet!
I have been sitting in traffic on the interstate for an hour 
We have been for an hour in the dr waiting room he's so slow 
blahh, i just woke up for an 9 hour nap, i'm sick 
UGH this video still has an hour left on it's save...you may not get to see it tonight ladies  I'm sorry
Breaks over  just one hour til closing. Just one more hour.
@IamSpectacular hey if u not havin freaky hour u should let us kno 
poly is so slow now  I can barely make a set within an hour
i'll be waiting a whole hour or maybe a whole day just reply to me plizZz 
just woke up from a 4 plus hour nap... my face is all red 
@fuegos you should've told me! that's only like an hour and a half away!  damn
@heathermarie79 that storm just left INdy an hour or so ago, another one is rolling through now 
worked a 2-hour duty at school earlier today. monday: 8-hour duty!! goodbye long weekends 
Wow I was forced to go a whole hour with out twitter 
@brootalbrin naw, not for another 45 - an hour. ps. hurry up &amp; turn 21. 
workkk in half an hour  my feet are soo sore from last night
@NarelleKylie dont you start whinging I have to go to work in half an hour 
insanelymac.com slow for anyone else? been trying to load a single page for an hour 
It should be illegal to get up at this hour 
just woke up from a 6 1/2 hour nap, i feel like i just wasted my night siiigh 
eww just worked a 9 hour shift 3am to 1pm and all set to do it all over again tomoz 
Is grrrr.. Double booked so have to wait an hour extra! 
@sandalwearingdk not at this hour you don't!!! 
okay so patriotic lap doesnt start for another hour. damn i could have curled up fo another hour.... 
Getting out of bed with the horrible thought of a ten hour night shift later on 
have been surfing d internet for the last half an hour. not anymore. should finish this report 
Getting ready to hit the road for about an hour, should be back by 745am. 6 hour sleep tonight! Too much caffeine yesterday 
ing again like in a another hour   ...but it wont be to long now
Goddd need to get up and shower, hairdressers in less than an hour. Just fell back to sleep so now I'm even more tired 
i cant get out of bed and i have to be at saks in an hour. YAY. 
Just went to sleep for what felt like a good hour. It was ten minutes, still shattered 
Just woke up lol I guess my plan to get up at a reasonable hour has gone to pot 
@alishers just the 24hour one. I don't know if I can do bikram yet cause the bfeeding.. 
I'm really not looking forward to this 8 hour shift 
Stomach hurts really bad. An hour so far. 
is so tired after only four hours sleep and a 2 hour nap 
working in half an hour, kill me now 
@homesickblues ive been up for an hour. 
@tiffmoosie I'm leaving as I tweet! So sad  what's even more sad is the 3hour layover on the next island.
@its_aurora hopefully tonight will be better, i just left the howells like an hour ago 
I'm so mad that I can't finish watching my show! It was supposed to take 40 minutes and it's taking more than an hour. 
Finally taking off - only a 4 hour delay 
i've been sat here nearly an hour now 
i think i'm going to join bally total fitness-so sad there's no 24 hour fitness in indiana  waaaaaah, another reason to go waaaaaah
going to shaylas party in a half hour and still need to buy her a present 
i'm going to wait for 1 whole hour before my flight. 
@foLLow_tIs lucky, got hour and 15 left 
for some reason i thought it was 5? dang it. not leaving for another hour. 
have to go out in an hour. i'm kinda tired 
sitting with hair dye on. still got another half an hour to wait  x
I have been tweeting @ddlovato for the past half hour and not one reply  shes such a huge inspiration to me i would cry if she replied 2me
@plum177 I doubt I 'd be for much after a 10hour shift 
@nerdboner it's a 4 hour drive for me. He will be gone for 3 weeks 
@melissakeyes yes, I was busy, but would have put an hour aside FOR YOU!  gosh, I feel like a heel, really do!
@Vikkei wow you are twittering lol only for a hour I'm sure. 
@30STMluva  lol that make the mass less boring...i dont like 2 go but i dont have any choice so i have to get bored 4 an hour  xD
sad that its only an hour away. 
awwh twelve hour shift yesterday. going back in for another seven now.. im tired 
my birthday is over in 1 hour 
@llemcooler whoa, that sucks  why did it take an hour to clean?
missed bus. got an hour to waist 
has to wake up early to move  then ANOTHER 6 hour drive. my oh my!
I leave in an hour 
@timothydclark Waiting for the f*cker to download.  One hour and rising...
FACT: trudy (my mom) is waking me up to go to nj.....when i just ent to sleep an hour ago 
Serious hangover during a 7 hour shift isn't nice. 
i know where my phone is now but im still drunk and have to work in an hour 
3 and a half hour drive to london. 3 hours in a pub and now 3 hour drive back 
Why do my contacts refuse to work for the first hour that I have them in?  How annoying 
@ddlovato I was supposed to meet you in an hour but they said there aren't any m&amp;g's  at least I'll see you at the show-you'll be amazing!
totally bored watched like seven hour marathon of degrassi 
I just spent the last half hour trying to keep hundreds of flies away from my dog. He doesn't deserve to be treated like that, he's 14! 
@amyderby No, we can. It just seems to take a minute (or an hour) for the system to register that the request went in, it seems. 
is missing my baby boyy already and he only went like half an hour ago  x
@writerman34 I've been sneaking in an hour here and there when I can...no marathon sessions yet, though 
Praying! I live like an hour away from where it happened. 
I reeeally need to pick my nose. But its like impossible during rush hour traffic 
I've been sick twice in an hour. I feel horrible  xxx
@cameronolivier too many tweets in an hour I think... not sure really 
No sleep last night, trying to stay awake in class...an hour and a half left 
att workk  another 14 hour day
omgosh just spent an hour trying to call the carter twins, stupid saynow kept dropping my call every 10 minutes 
my bithday is ending! 1 hour left! 
Trying for an hour now.. fuck 
has work in a hour 
@ddlovato the concert was AH-mazing! just the 4 hour drive there and back wasn't  but it was so worth it!&lt;3
Completely exhausted already and I am just now going in for my 8 hour day.  
@shadafuxupbitxh u know I would babes.but I have to be some where in like an hour. 
I don't kno where my lunch hour went but now itz ova! 
Just woke up, an hour late 
I'm so sleepy but I have to go back to school in an hour.  must take a nap!
@pookypins i deleted them  they were only up for an hour or so
@DeansSexFiend not busy like rush hour but contantly need to moniter. I can access blip but other sites blocked. n can't use mobile. 
I'm up at this hour becausei slept early? So bull. 
So went for a nap earlier at around 5 with the intention of sleeping for half an hour, that's me just woke up now 5 n a half hours later 
@LouDogOG lol! well i hate tower of terror.. but all the good rides have an hour wait 
i really want @ddlovato to tour here soon  i would love to go see her again half an hour wasnt enough!
I have just tried for an hour and a half to get to sleep and nothing has worked...i was already for an early(ish) night 
Just woke up from a 3.5 hour nap ooops lol now I am goimg to up all night 
for half hour I'm trying to decide if I should bring #kicks. And if so, which 1?!?? 
Wow didn't really mean to put in a 12 hour day.  
@chasewill I didnt see you  are you on the first 1/2 hour?
My 'one' hour nap turned into a 3 hour nap and now I might as well go to sleep. D: I don't wanna but there's nothing to do on the compy. 
Off to work in an hour 
Contemplating a nap for an hour.. dont know 
i am back from shimla. the trip went damn well. man its so hot here :X i am sick of these 10 hour electricity cuts 
@cpedraza yep, me too. That should save me an hour or so. Doesn't mean I'll be sleeping anytime soon, just off the docket. 
@mrphotoshop you were on an hour ago and didnt talk to me? what? 
@Chrisrider It ended just over an hour ago anyways. 
Is off for her hour and a half of savage exercise 
Todays band are half an hour late, this sucks majorly as have a hangover and could of stayed in bed 
My leg is still asleep even though I've been trying to wake it up for the last hour. 
woo greys in a half hour, izzzy dies 
is watching bntm + can't be bothered going college for an hour later 
@Domness @thomasdavies It hasn't lost signal for the past half hour, but if it does it again I'll try that. If not I will have to restore 
 got my college interview in an hour  
@MrShowstopper  in my hour of twit company need too  
@mizsedz they said I need to wait a whole hour for them to serve breakfast  smh
I know if I go back to sleep I won't wake up until an hour before I go to work or something but I'm tirrrred 
Just spent an hour crying with them 
spent an hour in an iv last night 
dammit where did my lunch hour go?! how rubbish 
@TecJohnson  Duskwood, but I have taken the last month off to work every waking hour  how bout you?
Just found out she could have got another half hour of sleep. 
blah!! I'm awake....an hour early 
at work...so tired wanna pass out. couldn't sleep last night only slept an hour. today looks like 12-14 hour shift  to much on my mind
is sooo going back to work in half an hour  save meeee
I'm going to give it another half an hour and then I'm giving up 
is going to work again.  Yay, another 8 hour shift. 
Just had a great sandwich. Now I'm chillin' for an hour before I have to work from 1:30-9:30. Blaaaah. 
@bettieboudoir since I started working 80-100 hour weeks. 
just finished spanish provincial but I can't leave for another hour  gym time after!
omg farrah fawcett died half an hour ago 
oh, how sad. farrah fawcett just died less than an hour ago. 
@LorraineStanick she only passed away about an hour ago so you're not too much out the loop! its tragic! 
One more hour for lunch .. its tough to kill time.. particularly when u are supposed to be working 
going to bed little early today.... whole half hour early... lol 
@mileycyrus if it's less than an hour of sleep, its napping but more than an hour is sleeping. 
yeay have a parking space from tomorrow  thats an extra half hour in bed in the mornings - apart from the day I have to fly get up at 0515
@SITSGirls it does indeed. hope you are well too! why are you awake at this hour? 
OK..one hour and counting, 4 days off and going to enjoy every minute of it! hair done, spa, kickboxing, hiking!!! ahhh can't wait  
@odo_snape_maven thanks.   so what are you doin at this late hour?
@manda I'm going to try this last hour. I even turn the volume up on the alarm so I won't miss it. Nitey nite 
recently just woke up from a 12 hour nap... wow i know 
been filling like I have earphones for the past hour.. which was very strange.. and now I just found out I really wore them 
@seanbiggerstaff it is good when music or vidoes are available a few hour earlier but everyone i follow on here is awake when i'm asleep  
@understandniche Thanks for noticing! Now an hour later, I'm at 907..But I have faith! 
@ddlovato whooo that took me like an hour but i get it!!! 
@mightymur I think I saw it tooling down I-40 in a pink convertible about an hour ago 
@ierosistible paint, I think lol. I just spent an hour exercising! 
Yay for getting updates on my phone in real time instead of an hour or two later! 
@PRINCESSGERI yah i forgot ur diet consist of a meal every hour 
@misterdevans got dif savored teas  but I'll go to a cafeteria in half an hour if I can't seem to wake up
trying to stay awake for the upcoming day since i hafta be up in an hour anyways 
6100 words done. Going for a run - be back in an hour 
Finnished half hour early, get in! 
Is about to do something he'l probably regret in an hour.  
An hour to the throgs neck bridge... Not too bad! Only 39 driving hours to go 
I have a walk about, then math, i'm leaving in half an hour woot 
On the bus to that starting line, after an hour wait.  http://ifinishinthedark.com
Only an hour til I go home 
@lachlanhardy weeell... yes. okay. but just for half an hour. 
@Nkluvr4eva I kinda figured it out ;-) I will do the same in about an hour 
Going to bed now.  I'll wake up in an hour.
@ashleyemma only an hour and a half, that is an early night for me 
Yay!! In one hour it will be Joncer day. 
got off early took a 4 hour nap. now blowin &amp; watching movies! 
no1 has tweeted for an hour.....thought i should ruin that 
in the last hour i have had 4 new folowers 
Probably going into inverness in about an hour. 
leaving in an hour for oakbrook  ahhhh!
My internet has been down for the last hour or so. I almost topped myself 
just a 13 hour sleep 
@tchan you have to visit us! we'll combine it with happy hour!  what happened? did you borrow rafa's bike? ;)
@marcmorehouse Or I could just move away from the computer for an hour. 
@henrychen, according to @jennycliu, 20 minutes equal an hour 
climbed too quickly - we arrived an hour early for our meeting  for future reference 3 hours.
@joannesmedley /// Just been looking on the met site and should have passed over within the hour, hopefully  
Just got home from camp a few minutes an hour ago. An it was so awesome. So glad I came. 
@missgiggly yea I made good progress I'm off to get an hour or t or sleep enjoy tv 
@yashved_2890 I am at work.... hour and a half left and then i get 2 days off 
@scalzi What time zone are you in that now is considered a sane hour for signing? 
One more 8 hour workday and then my day off 
is going downtown with her bestfriend in about an hour 
@rotheche well it was before the 8 hour day 
I like four hour shifts lol 
just woke up from a 12 hour nap 
i finally finished all my housework, now I can enjoy it for an hour before I go to bed 
@futureai09 i know and first hour doesn't start til 11:00!!!! 
CGOW voting starts in an hour! vote for me 
fasting starts in t minus an hour and 20 mins 
@lenje - I normally wait for 1 hour, or 2 hours if I can stand it to let the packs go 
@amandadiva you make me laugh! I need your tweets by the hour. 
@shotdown Haha, she's up here to stay, it's nearly 2 hours on the coach for her to get here, may not be convenient for an hour of TV! 
@endlessblush I was ready half an hour ago, but you didn't notice. I'm over it now. 
@chriscornell any chance at getting to see this?  I can be there within an hour 
@aweekes haha nope she won't  altho my train back from Leeds I booked an hour too early and they won't let me change it :/
wow...i have to many bookmarks...i just spent a good hour organizing 
i jus love doin night shifts...will be done in an hour 
@ginaxmarie  but that is the only logical reason why you'd get hollered at 3x in the past hour. but what is dnw?
soon going to germany.. just one hour left 
ok, i'm actually going to sleep now =] i've been on here only an hour...i tweet far too much already 
@JujuDeRoussie come overhere then, the Dutch don't dub  might go in an hour #BringTaraBack
new vlog to uploaded within the hour 
I can't wait for half 1 to come so i can get away from stupid bitchy customers for a whole hour 
good first half hour 
Lasts at bellhaven are coming and going. An hour and a half left at this joint and then i am free 
half an hour bitchez! 
Morning .. woohoo extra hour in bed no gym this morning 
@melly16 aw mate i see you in a hour haha. your a legend  X
about to strength train this morning. 30 min walk, first 2 levels of the 30 day shred back 2 back + an hour of lifting weights 
Is listening to my music now  as i cant stand her voice one more minute let alone another hour :S so wtf ill just blanke her out and l ...
Landed in boston an hour early - this fun 
@freakgoddess about if you realized that you were supposed to be working fro the past one hour 
@alanrenouf An hour and 20 mins actually .. but very good 
grrr my flight is already listed as delayed by an hour and it doesn't even leave for another 7 1/2 hours....maybe it'll change?  hopefully
@colocelt an hour is all 
@quinnifer_ I have half an hour now! 
@ColetteA you did! and she finished it about an hour and a half ago 
@thongar you haven't seen the best of it, i managed to finish my homework, spanning an hour exercise to an 5 hour ordeal  talent!!
getting ready for a stupid 4 hour shift lol. excited for drinks &amp; fun tonight 
@kreksss THANKSSSSSSSSS. i knowwww ive been playing with him for the last hour  he fits in ONE of my arms!
I am really tired but i need to revise i might nap for an hour or summet 
Off to lunch for half an hour. 
off to watch the rugby highlights for an hour 
@redflag66 am going in to work late so I can buy it first thing, will be spending lunch hour in my car listening to it 
@nessie111 you haven't been gone an hour... what did you do to yourself 
@ABZQuine Did I spend long there? Why, yes, over 9 miles.  (That's under an hour in my time).
@TownHallSteps1 well i live in goulburn which is only about half an hour - an hour out of canberra, so see if you can get a gig for u/18s 
they should have a 24 hour starbucks. Lol seriously not the biz 
@chalenejohnson you had it made, I only made about $1 an hour!!! and we're about the same age, I think! 
Last hit for the day is coming up for me at :24 after the hour.  @MariRamos is in after me.  I know she wants some new tweets! 
@HollyW87 I'll hopefully be back soon, either for the summer party or the 24 hour broadcast probably 
@kel_is_she mine were away all weekend and just back tonight. they were lovely... for an hour and then i chucked 'em to bed!!! 
maths GCSE is just over an hour! 
@alltimelexi heeell yeaaah  rofl, i was planning on texting you as soon as first hour started. 
I'm going to take my yaks test in a half hour. 
skipping first hour to have coffee with my mother, then breakfast 
@bad_housewife no! (it's my lunch hour ) 
@anxiousdog Me too - I woke up about an hour early; it's nice to get some morning time alone while the kids are still asleep!  
just got done running 7 miles in an hour shower time then work errands class later on 
The four hour tea has finally arrived 
@alecthegeek don't joke - there's going to be a #phpwomen craft hour at #tek09 
@vijayanands Since you send your third invitation within an hour, I shall oblige 
wow i just spent like a half an hour looking at dogs dressed up, they were adorable.  bedtime now.
@andyclemmensen and it only took like an hour  congrats. u must feel pretty special x
@andyclemmensen haha that only took an hour, i'm impressed. well done 
@GreenStorm_01 ok i went to bed an hour later 
In an hour i'm going to be sitting on my deck watching a midwestern sunrise  they give me hope
yeahh, home after an hour of school   half term ftw! &amp; @fangsupyervag will be here in a few hours!
getting ready to go home in about an hour and get my steamrolling session onnnnn 
Massively excited about picking my new car up in an hour. So much so I think I may actually puke........ :/ 
hey im online back. but for an hour . haha. 
I DON'T wanna wake up and go to work!! I been pressing the snooze button for about an hour and a half now haha 
Nails are finally dry . i've got an hour to get ready. byeee 
I just snoozed my alarm for an hour and a half. I love inservice days 
I'm going to visit the barber shop in the next hour! 
@jackie_moon220 early happy hour!! LOL i love it!!  too bad we're not in miami where happy hour is really about to start!!! 
Less than a wee hour until my last break 
is outta here in an hour 
@Mulberrystudios ahhh but you have an hour to wait for the weekend. I'm finnished now 
Just one hour for the weekend... 
will have green eyes in about an hour and a half 
@justkaty shouldnt' you be asleep if you said goodnight moon an hour ago? 
well he kinda does hes like an hour away 
@danderson00 you can go home in an hour from now.. unlike me.. 15 mins 
WOW who knew running actually would make you feel good?! haha well I just ran a little more then 2 miles in a half hour!  peace out
@gabeezy it was ok. worth watching i'd say. it's not going to blow you away or anything but it'll kill an hour and a half. 
Going to log back onlto Streamate in a few minutes. I will like going at it for another hour or so. 
@JoanneRighetti so does that mean you'll now be able to get ready in less than an hour and read a map 
I've been laying awake in the bed for a half hour, maybe it's time to get out off bed 
decidedi just might as well not go to sleep at all tonight &amp;if yea then only like a 2 hour nap  haha.
just had an hour and a half long convo on the phone with my best friend. I love her 
Watching tv, an hour past curfew 
just finished another 4 hour midnight web design crunch  
i finished reading, skimmed some parts but able to get answers to rdg q'ns. all in one hour! 
