Most common words for this cluster:
[('hours', 1766), ('sleep', 214), ('night', 86), ('day', 77), ('time', 55), ('com', 48), ('couple', 47), ('lol', 42), ('http', 41), ('work', 40), ('days', 40), ('minutes', 39)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hours', 0.9242736101150513), (u'days', 0.7351145148277283), (u'hour', 0.7203207612037659), (u'minutes', 0.6705554723739624), (u'day', 0.6464807391166687), (u'weeks', 0.6054059863090515), (u'Mealtime_requires', 0.599312961101532), (u"o'clock", 0.5938750505447388), (u'pacificnewscenter', 0.5864288806915283), (u'@_AndrewRyanTV', 0.5814996957778931)]





This earthquake in italy has me sadden.  it's only three hours away from naples, where my family is 
got the ebay blues! item i want jumped from no bidders to over $100 in an hour.. still has 3 hours to go. i'd better not get my hopes up 
My stomach is feeling satisfied now......been starving for 2 hours. 
@daftasabat I needed a lie in lol. I haven't slept for more than 6 hours in a few days now. It's killing me! 
Sitting @seb and waiting for hours. Bad customer service 
Ugh, what a waste of 3 hours... 
@kristinabitch I can't believe she's going to be gone in less than 24 hours. I'm going to miss her. 
So yep got about 2 hours of sleep 
my brain is hurting - well, thats what 5 hours of english coursework does to you 
@jcg1483 I hope so. Obviously usage is a massive factor but i currently get about 12 hours out of my N95! 
isn't digging the fact that it was 78 degrees less than 48 hours ago and it's 29 now and windy.  
Ughhh sitting in the library for 4 hours again 
ok i slept for about 12 hours last night and I still am so exhausted that I feel pukey  what is going on??
@margaretcho i hate having to go to specific stores to buy booze, especially because they're few and far between with shitty hours. 
Meeting for the next couple hours about automated building control systems   
going to bed got to work in 5 hours! 
Is off to bed, got to be up in 5 hours 
@Woth2982 ohhhh no. I was clearing out my dvr as well and I fell asleep for a few hours. I have to work in the morning. 
Ecg and doctor appointment this morning. 9 hours of sleep is not enough when you're sick! 
I've had 12 hours of sleep...and somehow I'm still tired? 
No power for the last 3 hours 
my stomach hurts  busy day ahead of me, going on 4 hours of sleep.
@amazingphoebe i have to be up in three hours time, so i'm going to try and get some sleep. i'll talk to you later, i guess  night xxxx
I have only been working for three and a half hours, but it feels like forever!  
@victee no  before and after was just radio2 staff but i loved the whole of that show - i laughed my socks off throughout the 3 hours!
@biggorillavoice Only if you were standing around at the venue 6 hours before doors 
@elsket no, it dies in 3 hours. not much of a backup! lmao. 
writing an essay due in 24 hours....  any help at all would be extremely grateful and appreciated.
Hundreds of miles in under 24 hours? &amp; i'm still not super man 
woke up at ten, was up for twenty minutes to check emails and stuff, went to sleep till one. up for two hours and slept 'till five. 
Chucks are great, and quite comfortable, but not for hours and hours of walking...my feet hurt. 
god i'm still tired . well guess who kept me awake ? haha don't blame you . that meant i didn't get my twelve hours sleep last night 
i hope i get better in 12 hours  and @Guzee ! going to disneyland again!!! hAHH love you!
Why can't I ever get to sleep at normal hours anymore  sick I needa get better
still up n counting down thw last hours of my vacation 
@kstreinz I feel the same about the asuo elections. I spent 12 hours a day with these people and now it's done. 
I wish I didnt have to leave in a few hours  gotta get a good nights sleep for the long drive ahead.
is now going to bed. have to get up in 5 hours! no make that 4 1/2 
fsjkhdfkljasfh why does this little boy have to be so stubborn mygosh, taken 3hours to do some summaising. ahh thats bad. lol 
just got to my hotel....less than two hours to sleep.  ughhh
@lyricmykle oh, the one I referred to was at kiss &amp; fly. After hours as in after 2, when most places close. No alcohol though. 
tired now.  ah well i should have someone to talk to in a few hours ;D
I rather think what i just did could be construed as drink driving.  No driving now for a least 5 hours.
5 hours sleep tonight.. I was worried sick! But who cared.. 
Aquarium was in terrible condition, 3 hours cleaning and repairing broken filter 
Less than 24 hours until the art history exam... &amp; I have to spend 7 hours of that time traveling to/ working at my job... 
5hours of sleep. Now, I have to go.  dang harper's island.
@jasmineOH lucky you  I've been studying for like 4 hours now 
So... I'm running on very few hours of sleep  all I want to do is sleep for the   rest of the day, but I have stuff to do &gt;.&lt;
Putting my shoes on and off to spend the last few hours in S.F 
Five hours standing and three inch heels don't mix 
I just found a housing for the curve on ebay for 20 bucks. Would have saved me 5 hours of painting 
@boomboomreed me too - though my swim wave is about 2 hours after yours 
starting the 3 hours of dreaded admin ready for the next week 
@JackyJns ill come in and stalk you...sike I live like 4 hours away 
24 hours a day is not enuff for me.. can i have some more?? 
wish it was still holidays! it's neally tuesday already in 7 hours! 
Only got 3 hours of sleep, and I woke up to an upset stomach. Today is not getting off to the best start. 
Tired of my throat hurting... and I do not want to go to court in a few hours. 
2 1/2 more hours of this shit !!!! these 16 hour shifts are killing me  cant wait to go home and knock out
I have six hours of class to look forward to, then when I get home this evening I have another four hours of work to be completed 
is so very tired after x factor auditions i cannot go more than 40 hours without sleep 
has 5 hours left of her bday! 
Just set my alarm and realized that it's going to go off in less than 4 hours. 
I really hate sleepless nights, especially when you have to get up in less than 4 hours 
@minnieburley oh, it was enjoyed three hours ago  but i can report - very tasty!
Doesn't want to go to bed.   I have to be up in 4 hours. I better not dream about anything upsetting.
has to go back to jury duty in 4 hours. 
exhausted from only 4 hours of sleep...do NOT want to go to work right now 
been doing art for 6 hours...knuckles like conkers 
up from my ten hours! oh my....its too lonely here already 
Working on the water text tutorial... will publish it in a few hours 
I'm at school but I don't think I'll be able to stay awake for the next 9 hours. I wanna go to sleep. 
this is stupid ive spent 2 hours searching for jobs, looking for colleges, nothing! where am i gonna be in 5 years time  scared.
Only got an hour of sleep and is about to head to school for endless hours of reviewing for exams and such   I hate being sick 
going to bed.. gym in the morning then work.. wont get my 8 hours again tonight 
I hate this. I have to get up for work in 5 hours &amp; can't sleep cause I just left there a few hours ago. Going into a double shift too 
i didnt even get a full 24 hours out of it ..my boyfriend is being an ass and i have to wake up 4 hours  im so tired
homework is pretty much wasting valuable hours that you can never get back 
is frustrated with men yet again. I've been cigg free for 72 hours officially and have no one to say &quot;YAY NIZZA!!&quot; yay me... whooo. 
@mittec no problems with it as such but I had literally spent 2 hours cleaning it then went out to the shop and it was sooo dirty again! 
Wants to go and sit in the sun...but has three hours of lessons soon 
It's very difficult to convince yourself to go to the gym when you're working 11+ hours days. 
Just got out of bed; running about 2 hours behind  let the madness begin.
In 2 hours 45 minutes my wisdom teeth are getting removed 
Things still haven't changed, it still takes me x many hours to write a simple 2 page paper 
@tjsmommabear eh, it happens. after he ate, we had a few good hours, then we had knitting meeting fail. 
can't sleep, but I have to be at the vet in less than 9 hours 
@TinaLaRoo i just spent the last five hours trying to unpack clothes still not close! 
tiiiired &amp; dropping my friend off @ the airport in five hours 
i've only had 2 hours sleep  i hate it when phones wake you up.
@muscati and I'm at a cement plant for the next 2 hours 
lunch is over.. back to work, 5 more hours 
When I have the opportunity to lie-in, I can't sleep. When I have to get up, I could carry on sleeping for hours 
has just done an hours worth of bio revision jeezz .. r/e later i think 
Overslept by quite a bit; wasted at least 2 hours of my day off. 
have to wait 2 more hours until i can go on my ipod touch 
Up much too early for only 2 hours of sleep 
wages didn't even last 24 hours...uh oh 
just woke up after sitting down last night at 9pm. i guess two days without sleep hits you at the worst times 
I'm about to mow grass in a few hours 
about to go to my game in like 2  hours or something. without @justinabrooks .   oh well
@RobKaas I wish I didn't live 2 hours away from the nearest comic shop. 
the last 2 hours are always the worst  can't wait for tonight though!!!
still trying to prolong going to work. only three hours left 
i've been working for 3 hours and will continue to work on this paper for another 8 
another 11 hours of no gf.  Ultimately going to be a sad day.  
isnt having the best day  only few hours of sleep, fell twice at work and now just split water on my pants
Just finished the gig, think it went well. Now off to work for 5 hours 
finally don't have to wash dishes for five hours straight..unfortunately, studying is worse. 
Why must government offices have such odd hours. Does it really help anyone. I guess i'll have to suck it up and make time on monday. 
I knew i shouldn't have gone to sleep... totally messed up my sleeping hours now 
i should be sleeping by now, gotta wake up in a few hours! but i cant sleep! 
i'm about to crash and i still have 5 more hours to go. 
So, I went scuba diving in the Caymans and got &quot;the bends&quot; and had to go into the decompression chamber for 5 hours!! not fun 
so want to sleep - but have to have the first pizza run in 45min -  _ Why do kids grow and then work stupid hours and can't drive yet?
off to work, come visit me ?  4 dull hours of listening to a promo dvd 
@ginayates bummer from paranormal to depressing    Only a few more hours!
i wish i lived in a time zone more appropriate to the hours i actually keep. ie. it's almost 4 am and i'm wide awake 
tired from last nite!! got like 4hours sleep  LOL
in 4 hours modelcasting... my internet doesn't work anymore in my room, so I can't tweet the whole time..makes me sad 
@prediketflowz I feel you.. I have 7 more hours to go.. hanging on by a thread though 
I need a break.  I'm not even where I stopped last night   this is going to take hours now.
@JonathanRKnight good night think of me...I still have 2 1/2 hours to work before I can sleep  
but is starting to get slightly frustrated by the alarm that has been going off for at least 20 hours 
@brightondoll ugh, me too. 3:45 and going strong! I just spent like, 3 hours playing rollercoaster tycoon but now I'm bored again. 
matt leaves in less than 10 hours.  will be missed
going to bed soon, only had 3 hours sleep last nite 
About to leave on the worst bus trip of my life, 14 hours with 40 other people and i'm dying of a fever 
@ work again. god the days drag up here. 14 hours 2 go  **nikkimouse**
@Miyuko  bad times. i got shitty with my friends cuz they spent 4 hours takin the piss out of me callin me jimmy newtron and little cook.
on phone from last 3 hours.. every body wants a piece of mine 
has thrown up on 3 different trains in the last 24 hours 
i hate my friends for making me go seven hours before the show 
another one of those days where its gorgeous outside and i have to stay inside and do homework 
I'm so addicted- I get scared and nervous when I go a few hours without getting any emails. 
ive been tossing and turning for a few hours now cant seem to fall back asleep.   oh well back to bed to try again.
Trying to sleep but some fecker down the road has karaoke on singing real bad for the past 5 hours 
:/ laid down with tummyache and headache, ended up sleeping for 4 hours. feel like i wasted my afternoon 
is thinking his G202 grade is an enormous ? right now...ugh...A205 in 12 hours, all-nighter for sureee  2 down, 5 to go 133.194.356
has 2 go 2 bed in a few hours! bak 2 scool tomoro...UGHHH!!!!!!! 
really going to bed this time. goodnight ((((again)))) be up in a few hours. ughh 
Just after 7 am i slept for 7 hours so i slept the normal amount lol 2days plans r homework  how sad ? Lol x
Since I got 14 hours of sleep last night  I can't sleep tonight 
pretty much done with everything I have to do and I still have 3.5 hours left. 
I have a final in right around 4.5 hours. I'm not done studying for it. I'm totally not sleeping tonight unless I fall asleep studying 
24 hours of no sleep again...  cant wait for this to be over
Nets not resets   countdown to midnight begins.  6 hours to go.
pong machines are deceptively addictive  13 hours until my essay is due! workworkworkwork
pong machines are deceptively addictive  13 hours until my essay is due! workworkworkpongwork
just studied for 2 hours. still have not memorized everything. disappointed in brain capacity 
Just landed back in the bay after being delayed 4 hours 
Wondering why my boy picked tonight to scream out every ten minutes for the past 2 hours. Now I'm up and can't sleep. 
8 hours on autobahn - tomorrow 
@Dazieh I will pay for my extravagant snooze this morning as I have 6 hours of sewing followed by same of housework ahead of me today 
i jumped rope for like 2 hours, had nothing better to do. took a nap &amp; when i woke up my legs were on fire!!!!! 
im not feeling well, but i miss to much school  i got like, 3 hours of sleep, today isnt going to be good, noooooooooot at all
three down, nine to go. i won't be home until like another two hours  i think i failed my norwegian paper two 
just back from a run and i am fecked!  another 8 hours of planning ahead of me...woopydoo!! 
wanting my laptop so bad , it's it's only been like a couple of hours withouth it 
@political_queen no it went off a couple hours ago 
Pretty sure I have gained 5 bites in the last 3 hours :/ total= 17 bugbite 
started saying goodbyes   just spent like 10 hours in mark's room with people.  not exaggerating.  omegle is funny.
Laying in bed now a couple hours...can't sleep 
muhahaa just finished doc who series three. started at 8.30 last night (7 hours sleep)! all done 
Just realized how many hours I spent toying around with C++ instead of writing my essays 
Just finished bathing. So exhausted. I had two hours cleaning my room. 
@born_to_travel might not happen..well it depends if i still have the energy..right now im like a zombie..and i have to get up in 3 hours 
@SexySadie89 good morning and welcome to sunday! i 'met' sunday bout 5 hours ago already 
I don't like garlic, I didn't order garlic, but for 24 hours now it's all I'm going be able to taste 
has no phone for a month. It's only been 4 hours and I'm going insane 
Only had 4 hours sleep  and now I need to be ready to go out in a hour... but that ain't happening coz I look and feel like a zombie
waited for my lunch for 2 hours just to find out that it was delivered to other place  #fb
I haven't eating in close to 48 hours, no joke. I don't know what it wrong with my tummy 
waiting for my downloads to finish. 3 more hours to go. ugh. 
miis u bby! so much i miis talking on the phone miles and miles the hours  dursh jajaa i lovee u together forever remember always love u
wow, ok so 10 hours at the clipper wiped me out   I'm going to find a corner to curl up in.
Its officially monday. 10 hours and 50 minutes until my first class of the week 
mm yay work 9 hours tomorrow and 9 hours tuesday cant be lazy anymore 
need music on to sleep. hear too many distracting sounds...need to be up in five hours. 
counting down the hours until my flight to korea! bad side: less time with lars 
Paper due in 30 min, due for work in 7 hours... still have laundry to do and a shower to take 
In bed. I know I'm going to regret napping with contacts on in 5 hours. Too sleepy to take it off 
is sick  I hate this. I've been in bed for the past 12 hours &amp; 23 minutes. Srsly. Only time I stood up was to get tissue.
Is tired and want to rest my eyes for just a few hours.....but that wil not happen for the next 8hours! 
Yes. Forgot to queue up skills  can't get in until 'morrow night (24 hours)
sleep. but only about 6 hours. 
Just put in 13 hours of windshield time.....ugh I'm tired. 
Still up crazy tired but won't be going to sleep for at least 4 hours lol forget your alarm I'll tell u when the suns coming up 
It's 1:30am. I went to bed exhausted 2 hours ago and can not find sleep.  Feels like I have 2 more hours in me.  I need to be up in 4. 
@InnyM 4 hours of sleep?? That's awful !!  8 should be absolute minimum!!!
@7_70 I know, silly job that doesn't give me enough hours 
If this hotel had a faster internet connection, I would be asleep by now. At this rate, I may get less sleep than last night (4 hours). 
I'm stuck in a van for 8. Hours and I'm hating it already....I've only been in it for 3 hours 
is in a photog exam 12 hours-Joyyyyyyy to the world 
Thunderstorm totally ruined my 9 hours 
aaaargh I have an exam in 90 minutes and my insides are misbehaving horribly. I don't know if I can manage w/o bathroom for 2.5 hours. 
slept 10 hours,but still feel tired...lost 8 pounds in 10 days...-I think i am pushing to hard with trainings...need to take a rest... 
@indur 20 hours.... and everything seems to be moving along so slowly 
@xXHAZELXx I usually have about 6 to  8 a day from 30 min to as long as 2 hours. 
Driving my parents to the airport on 6 hours of sleep.  but at the same time......  !!!!
Just looked at my stomach in the mirror  eff going 2 the gym next wk, I'm going 2day, for 3 hours!
@denisewarfe sigh...naaaa was just able to get 2 hours sleep only 
I spent the last 2 hours printing about 400 sheets, folding them in half, and stapling them. Not my idea of being productive. 
@lyssieeeee can i just tell you i didnt have the bracelet for more than 24 hours and i've already lost it .  i woke up and it was gone 
Thinking I should really be in bed, but will be up again in a few hours, maybe just stay up.... or not... argh  http://bit.ly/3XFlj
Wow over 24 hours since @donniewahlberg tweeted  guess having too much fun
@brownymix13 so i actually enjoyed that haha. i didn't really think that i would. good thing i have to get up in like five hours... boo 
says its sleep time, yay waking up in less than 8 hours 
got addicted to online games. so many wasted hours 
oh god, it's 1 30 in the morning. I've been trying to sleep for the past 2 hours but that's not working 
9 hours sleep is not enough  agrh morrrre sleeps
so tired..haven't slept more than 3 hours for the last 2 days..ready 2 go home n crawl into bed 
going for a shower before i have to go to work!  another 5 hours out of my life i'll never get back!
got to sleep in my own bed...made coffee...fly out again in two hours 
@mgard87 hate that you updated your status 3 hours ago 
soooo tired 3 hours sleep sucks 
I could really use about 2 more hours of sleep.  #fb
is recovering after having her arse kicked for 4 hours by a client 
has to wait 3 hours before i can eat anything 
@magann2063 hiss, I have to be here for 5 hours 
trying to do an essay for the past 6 hours-dont think its getting anywhere! 
It's been three weeks without painkillers, now. I still can't sleep through all the pain I'm in. 3-5 hours a night is all I can get 
i hate that california is 3 hours behind 
of course i locked myself out. stranded 4 a few hours. 
2 hours later than expected, twice as many stations...because i listen to my ipod 
@TheRealMrRiley it's cool sweets, im glad your good you seemed real tense early hours.. im cooly.. in a lil pain though 
@ep31 not for me. I have many more hours of silly graduation things to do 
raids were successful, but only 2 hours raiding sucks 
@jensfullservice hey no pics posted in more than 20 hours  
if I fall asleep now... I'll get 5 hours of sleep 
Home and in bed, here's hoping for 8 hours straight though it'll probably be 5 or 6. Not happy about the sun either @thetricktolife 
it's way past my bedtime. i have to be up in 5 hours  but i can nap with the bug naps one of the many perks of being a nanny.
I feel like I'm going to wake up for my execution in a few hours.  nervous ninny.
FINALLY in bed... oh great i get to get out of it in 3 hours to head to the airport 
@iAMAliceCullen_ i only had 2 hours sleep last night and i cant stop coughing 
@judez_xo yeah?  i hate bad nights... i tried to sleep so much but i got like 2 hours...  i dont even know why i was so :S/
is about ready to throw up. 3 hours worth of exams that I'm sure to fail anyway. And I still feel like death 
slept for hours during the day, now im wide awake 
I am getting faster each batch of 10 I mark. I'm not going to get all teh hours I was hoping for it looks 
well I'm away to bed and see if I will sleep any better tonight or I might be back on in a few hours 
So much for getting lots of sleep! I have to be up in 6 hours 
Wow not being able to fall asleep is going to feel awesome in two hours when my alarM goes off 
really thought this cold would've gone after 14 hours sleep...but no 
I kept waking up last night thinking there were spiders crawling all over me! yuck! only got about 3 hours sleep! 
@AntonyMarcano I know!!! And I'm still fighting with my internal clock for the last 1.5 hours!!!!    bummer
so tired and sick and cranky and bitchy and sooky and missing husband who has only been gone 12 hours 
finally getting some sleep been up for over 20 hours  ugh!! good times though!!
so in total, i only had 3 hours of sleep. 
i've only been up for 3 and a half hours, and already i need a nap. could it be that i'm ill? 
@ABCDawg 5 hours of gaming?? my god its been since march that i've sat and enjoyed a good gaming session 
i'm having a supre bad anxiety attack. i'm suppose to be to work in 6 hours. i can't sleep at all. i miss my boyfriend. 
just can't be arsed with this exam  3 hours in silence... *sigh*
feels sooo sleepy.. still 6 hours to go..  http://plurk.com/p/uiyus
got a new pillow and want to use it as soon as possible...but have to wait about 10-12 hours 
i only had 2 hours of sleep  have... to... nap.
Transcribing interviews is NOT fun especially when you find out this morn for every hour of talking it takes 6 hours to type 
@ceruleanbreeze Not my fault! I would gladly ignore the mess in the kitchen for a few more hours! 
Managed to get about four hours sleep in small bursts last night. Not fun!  Hopefully getting my ear pierced today if M turns up.
@zemouk  bent over and it went  was on the floor for hours, couldnt move, then the hospital. not fun!
http://twitpic.com/5f8cq - all weatherforcasts changed the last hours and we missed a good day 
Chillen in the library, trying to figure out how i can sleep for about 12 hours and still be tired. 
is at college for 3 more hours yet 
good morning..4 1/2 hours of sleep and im already up. 
@angieepants omg  me too , i slept maybe a good 3 hours due to these allergies. ugh :/
@cad I couldn't sleep last night either  I got about three hours. Weeeeeeeee!
I'm so sick I can't even move, 4 hours ago I was perfectly fine. What happened 
@jaaaaaaamie two hours of my life i'll never get back 
@donnafaber8 Nothing but stale donuts in the wee hours. 
I still need 3 or 4 extra hours of sleep to recover from last weekend. It'd also be nice if I didn't have shitty dreams 
there should be rule that my boyfriend should have to answer his phone during all hours of the night. i'm lonely! 
@luvlyloops I heard you have to be a circ a couple hours a day 
@GarethCliff tres jealous, I still have a whole 18 hours to go 
@jessychristine I do to...I miss them  I just hate sitting there for 4 hours to get them...but if ray likes them then dammit ill do it!
@SteveRichardson 5 hours once is ok but not everynight  I'm tired  lol yayyyyyy holidays next week cooolio lol
Oh no. I have to be up in 6 hours.  screw sleep, i'm on vacation. i do what i want.
Morning. It's a working day for me. I've to catch up several hours of bugged programming 
well last night i had five hours of sleep 
Leaves school in 3 hours  x
@Gailporter ouch 6 hours!  hope its not a busy friday for you!
9 Hours down. 9 to go. YAY! 
Getting some sleep....but I'll be up again in a couple of hours.    tkw m.d.
waiting 4 my to be delivered been up hours and still no sign oh well they have another 7hours to deliver it by.Twitting delivery times 
i wan to sleep!another 1.5 hours to go...seriously need a new job 
Like clockwork. 3hours and im awake again  time enough to try again
Then of course, I woke up of my own accord and my alarm was set to go off in 2 mins  I'd rather go in 4 hours late....
going to my uncles house in a few hours.. studying 
still going at those stupid visiting cards  giving myself two hours to finish them off
My toe 14 hours later....   it hurts! http://twitpic.com/5oo7g
currently at geah's house.. having so much fun.. bout to watch a movie... geah has to work in the morning   i have 6 hours to kill!!
Ugh...I got 3 hours of somewhat sleep and now its off to work.. Fml 
Italian exam in just over an hours time...this will not be good! 
i hate when i wake up 2 hours before i actually have to then cant go back to sleep 
@tommcfly you have tickets :o I've been online for 6 hours trying to get one but nothing 
@Mheay no we aren't!!  They are like 14,000 a head of us! they jumped about 16,000 in a couple of hours suposedly!
@P10nk4 pretty much. I think the longest break we had was maybe 5 hours tops.  everywhere is flooded out.
not a fan of 13 hour days. Only 9 more hours till work again 
slept eleven hours. feel a little better. still coughing up greenness though, if you wanted to know. bummed its so nice out 
why did I agree to paint the studios tomorrow? hours of boredom and no food 
Home for the next eight hours  http://yfrog.com/5ayzzj
@RichardMadeley finish at 5  8 hours, 1 hour on a friday and black.
@EvilGayTwin @acacetus_uk I hate you both. It is going to be at *least* another 4 hours for me 
Just woke up, getting ready for my exam that I have to take in 3 hours while being sick. 
I hate it when I have to sacrifice sleeping hours  #fb
going to 24 hours to run! then lake for the day after i say goodbye to my baby 
back from shopping... phew, 3.5 hours...   Now a wee break and then get dinner going... :o
Finally after a month got my computer back, everything is gone!  So sad, I have spent the last few hours redownloading. So frustrating!
going to bed... too tired after being standing up 4 2 hours saying hello to old ladies.... 
i have to be at court in 7 hours  not so excited...
Finally FINISHED my project!! YAY! now i only have a few hours of sleep until i have to wake up again! 
im so tiredd i cant sleep without waking up every like 1-2 hours. 
bed bound for nearly 5 hours! then only three more days of work...what the fruit!!! I'm starving 
yawn morning I've had an hours sleep  x
GAAAAAAH! I woke up and can't call back asleep! I guess I'm going to run on about 4 hours of sleep. 
@omgitsc00kies i had another eye appointment and it took like 4 hours 
9:00 p.m. concert finished .... zzz.... sitting for hours.... butt hurting...  hands cold.... holding the bassoon
3 hours of sleep seriously are not enough. 
is tired.. but started coughing about an hour ago and cant quit.. and cant take my cough medicine because it makes me sleep for 8 hours.. 
@MrHyrne @megspeaks  They open at 7! I cant wait for 3 hours 
went to bed about 5 hours ago ish.... just woke up. can't breathe and restless. 
going to push trough staying up for 9hours and looking happy about it on 5:1/2 hours of sleep help stay awake @early after noon 
anticipating yet another night of &lt; 6 hours of sleep 
Finally going to sleep... getting up in ohhh... about 4 hours 
still needs another 6 hours of sleep 
Ugh cant sleep on  this bus.  still have like 5 hours
I hate the fact that I'm 4.5 hours away from you tonight and tomorrow we'll be 1946 miles apart  I wish you were here (
I have been playing skate for two hours. Now i need to get out and actually skate. But it's too late 
3 hours sleep last night, all of my being wants to crawl into a ball somewhere and sleep for about 5 more hours. At work till six too 
Its a lovely day sky is clear birds are singing and i'm stuck in an office with on windows for 9 hours 
10 minutes to boarding; 14 hours to home. no window seat 
What a gorgeous day!! And I'm going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hours or so 
in the mailbox already for 2 hours 
is missing out on the sunshine and trying to stay awake after having just 2 hours sleep 
5 hours to go and no football again for me 
It's 82 degrees and gorgeous out.. And I'm stuck in the library because I have a midterm in 2 hours.. so lame!! 
@RoxieDax Ten hours ago, I was was sleeping, sorry. 
@ShellyKramer I've had a fever for the past 48 hours. You should see me. I'm unshaven, puffy face and look pathetic! 
not feelin 2 well  im not sick, jus feel like blah... (especially my stomach) anotha 7 hours 2 go, but workday is so far so good.
slept for almost 11 hours straight and still tired ! better not be getting sick 
thirty minutes turned into three hours. oops 
@southern_storm lucky! I'm still working for another 4 hours! 
feeling rather peckish...no dinner for at least 2 hours  wah
fourteen hours later, i'm still having the worst allergy flare-up in my life from shooting an engagement session in a field last night... 
Lover's bus is late. that means i won't see him until three hours later than planned. 
soooo sunburnt  my mum was out earlier so i had to wait for her to get in and fell asleep on the trampoline for 2 hours in the sun (U)
is on the road now! with 7 hours ahead and a beautiful girl behind 
... Still feelin like blah... 3 more hours 
17 hours left of being a teenager.. and ill be sleepin for 8-10 of those hours.. how depressing 
is feeling her eyes burned-fried after 10 hours attached to the screen uploading new summer clothing for my store www.Chittypulga.com 
Ugh..just starting another 2 hours of behind the wheel for drivers ed 
My niece had e-learning yesterday. She used my computer. I had like 2-3 hours of sleep only. I was cranky and I behaved like an ass! 
On runway 2 hours 
@misscherrypie  I wish you could get back in yours!! I'm thinking only 16 hours a week out of the bubble would be okay?!
my day is starting at 2:38pm. woops  work in less than 3 hours...
@MrsNewlywed what happened? I missed 4 hours of updates 
14 hours later, I am still too drunk to drive... For shame on me for letting myself drink that much. I am not in peak spirits right now. 
but i thought 'summer hours' meant i was supposed to get to go home at 4..... 
@marcihearts I will be sending it to you when I get my first check if I make enough lol I have only worked like 8 hours so far 
dedicating the next 2 hours to cleaning the house 
In 14 hours im taking 2 aerobics classes with only about 30 min break in between 
@AKARA it was hours ago i came in.... and it's only now i realised when i went to buy something online 
I have two hours to wait for my tire to get repaired. 
18 hours to work....*cry* i can't survive!  // Weeelcome to my wonderland *sing along*
Night twitterland x I have to be up in five hours  sigh
I forgot I moved 100 east...make that 8 hours home. 
@scopezum I feel the same way! 9 hours of sleep and still exhausted! ahh! 
last few hours in singapore!!  i don't want to leave!!!!!
@BuffaloLass87 I'm so sorry  do you want me to call? If not I will be on aim in a couple of hours if you need to vent
@StarSlay3r wow... sitting at the airport for 4 hours... ouch... sorry 
i had an hour sleep last night ahh and when i was asleep i got m&amp;ms thrown at me  so now i dont want to go to dance ah
Five and a half hours of sleep is not enough. 
# number times I bottomed out just in our driveway = 4... a 6.5 hour trip to mass.. I'm scared 
@treitnauer Irish govt has restricted opening hours over here 
@jadebarnes soo jealous you're going to the beach! sounds like you deserve a break tho! i'm working 60 hours again this week 
damn it ... 2 1/2 pages left - with less than 3 hours left - and I'm out of things to write 
16 hours driving makes one's bum quite sore 
everyone close to me is slowly leaving me  a 'brother' of mine is deploying to afghanistan in a couple of hours. Sadface.
is up to no good.  has to leave for camping in 10 hours ! .. and cannot sleep 
my ipod is pissing me off. i should go to sleep, since i do have to be up in four hours 
is bored to tears, work in six hours... 
Man I got to get up in 3 hours wow 
SO sleepy  another 2 hours..
i just did the math and i slept 14 hours last night and i still feel lethargic.. oho getting sick 
Wish I could chill on the dock all the time, what a great night... saying by to two of my best friends within the next 24 hours 
@Teanah At least you just didn't get off of work then have to get up less than seven hours later for hapkido to close again at midnight 
The a/c died out on us a few hours ago. I feel like I'm in hell. 
so all together 6hours!!! an then a not walking!  ohwell .. lol
goodnight....up in a few hours 
5 hours of sleep is starting to suck  oh well. Could be worse...
Definetely feeling the effects of about 12 hours drinking... 
Meeting in 3 hours. Not going to get sleep 
still no baby... 36 hours on. 
@kristenerwin I take prescription sleeping pills and tranqs, I still can't sleep. I am getting a little tired. been up for 22 hours 
10 hours and 24 minutes in that skype call with @SonicThrust and @ausaudriel .... wow  god damn we need help lol i'm so tired right now
Two.5 hours and $100 later and your dog was fine! I don't want to work a double 
5 hours of yoga today! But I don't think I'll make it to the sex toys party. 
Is not well  having the day off work, and spent all night trying to sleep with 4 11 year olds downstairs,5 hours sleep :|
Going into town to get my eyes tested. I think all the hours of crafting is taking it's toll 
exams in 2 days, 13 hours and 28 minutes. i havent even started studying yet! i am so gonna fail 
Grace, why have you still not called me? I've been waiting for two hours 
my alarm has been struck by lightning and has been annoying me for hours...can't sleep 
Just about to head into four hours of grass cutting  At least is it sunny.
ergh 2 hours to do one paper... oh well lets do the rest of them 
Ugh, I have to be up in four hours to be ready to leave at 7:30am for my 8 hours classroom instruction for driver's ed 
@kitpatlecter also, why the hell are we up? we were chatting online not but 6 hours ago. i was woken after 3 hours sleep 
@xblackxgaryx if my hours ever pick back up i could afford it. im stuck right now 
I want to sit in the sun rather than spend 4 hours on trains. 
2 hours of sleep! still sore 
2 hours of sleep! still sore 
@CookiieMonstaar places are like 2 hours drive away from one another... and what about the rest of us...  it sucks
@bronxbebe4488 yea for like  4 hours! 
So the last three hours trying to get my xbox online have paid off... But now nothing else will connect. 
wow twelve hours of suicide watch with no music or laptop man I won't be bored 
Off to north bay to look at apartments .. 10 hours in the car today 
just woke up. did have migraine a couple of hours 
@gabehabe i was up and in the potty at that point. then i went back to bed but i need to get up.  didnt even get my full 8 hours :/  eRiCa
on the road again....to sea world that is for a few hours.....big fish,big sun, big money 
Its far too nice too be in work-1 hour down 7 hours to go 
My mom has been using the bathroom for exactly 2 hours. I'm getting just a liiiiiittle pissed 
@sn1357 ur bored! I'm EXTREMELY bored!!!! 2 hours to go and have done all our jobs  I want to go home!
hopefully one day I get through 24 hours without fsckign anything up... 
what a night. 3 hours of 'sleep'. now i have to write an esssayyyy. cant wait  , ahh well love you gurrrlsss (L)
should be fun watching other ppl drink and have fun when i have to go to work in three hours 
uuuuf people be callin me at unreasonable hours. now it's 12:30pm and i'm still sleepiez. 
is seriously hating this stupid driving class. counting down the hours til 5  really wish I could be enjoying the beautiful weather! (&lt;3t
@alisaferrara I making barbecue and it has to stay in the oven for 4 hours so we wouldn't make it in time 
And its sold out.  going to next showing in two hours.
@Mzceejay09 about 24 hours and no word on when it will be fixed. i think it might take a while. 
@moonsword27 bout 2 hours from home. But cause of the parade had 2 wait an extra 2 hours for the buses to run &amp; only had fast food 2 eat. 
cleaned up @kilometerkevin 's upstairs, going to work in a couple of hours 
I am sooo tired, i got 2hours max. of sleep last night 
Three hours straight on livenation.com...sigh, nothing 
n then, there's cooking, eating, washing, sleeping, cleaning etc also to do..... if only each day had 40 hours! 
On lunch til 3:30...then 4 hours left  sigh...so ready to go
@RsOtCaKr yea..i gottta wait 3 and a half more hours for that 
@jlandonw i don't think i'm going to be able to go to any thrift stores b/c weekend/hours. 
why are there only 24 hours in a day? its so inconvenient when thats not enough 
@supajulz hey atleast you get a couple of extra hours ;) I need to be up at 4ish to get ready for my bus  ha
@MsClara  tepid bath and if that fails get yourself earplugs, a good book, and settle in for a few hours of rocking?
@blacksocialite i get that almost everyday  and the worst part for me is i get 7 hours of sleep.fml.
@msalonen it also burns quickly though, doesn't it? I am, regrettably, as pale now as I was 48 hours ago, before the decent sunshine 
back to work in a couple of hours 
can't believe it's my last night here! moving out in less than 12 hours. :S. lots to do, and i need some sleep 
is so going to fall asleep at work!  beat last week's record of 2 hours, this time, i slept for 1.5hours.
just woke up about 10 min ago cause only had an hour sleep yesterday  now really bored want to go shopping 
So tired it's scary  Productive night sessions lately, though. 41 hours left to delivery :o http://bit.ly/mhbwl
 lady is coming in like 2 hours i dont want her to have onee LOL
a few more hours.. being impatient here. 
wishes I could be out drinking it up instead of lying in bed, having to open in 6.5 hours 
after 2 hours i've only written 3 paragraphs. . . so sad  too may distractions
ended up only getting 4 hours driving done 
its over  ut won 3-2 in 25 innings. time of game 7 hours and 3 min
had 3 hours sleep  ...hate the consequences of alcohol!
Correction...less than 7 hours of sleep 
i have to wake up in like 6 hours  no mommy
I hella can't sleep and gotta be up in 3 hours. 
Just got in from a not so eventful night out.  Not eaten for 21 hours and feel sick as for it 
It is always so hard to go to sleep before a trip like this. I think I got a couple of hours in, but I'm wide awake now. 
Wow 3 hours of sleep... This sucks! Now for a very long, busy day 
church. T-minus 2 hours and 50 minutes. 
@VATD it's not encoded yet  it might take another couple of hours i think
is gonna go home and crash. stayed up all night. and has work in 10 hours 
I am up and leaving for work in 2 minutes after letting the dog back in from morning rounds! ugh... no sleep 
about to crack on with all the maths revision. craving the cab but they'll have to wait a couple of hours 
@philmarsay At least you haven't got to survive 4 hours in a car  x
I only slept for like 3 hours...I wish I didn't fall asleep while talking to my boo 
Has to work off of 3 hours of sleep today. What a night... And not in a good way.  http://myloc.me/2blq
3 hours of sleep, have to say bye to ryan, today sucks 
Drinking a 16 ounce of red bull and working an 8 hour shift at staples on only two hours and some odd mins of sleep  but last night wa ...
calling my dad, and then going to bed.  up in 6 hours to take another pill!
is awake at 11? i must be losing it. this is waaaaay to early for me. i could have made it another 2-3 hours 
 it maybe sunny but i'm not happy in the matter of 12 hours i've lost 4 followers
oh great, working for 12 hours, smite me zeus 
Wow, I've been awake 2 hours and haven't accomplished anything. 
pot roast now been in the oven for 5 hours, the smell has been driving me mental...another hour to go 
@wyclef damn yeah , I just figured out I had 20 extras hate free hours on my answer 
Dreading extra physics lesson in 8 hours 
off to starbucks right now. last hours here ! 
;-( phone is dying time to charge ;/) I only sleep 3 hours 
@kimcfly at least you can get a tan. i'm only slightly more tanned than i was this morning and i've been outside for about three hours. 
spending a solid 7 hours at the library studying med chem and micro 
@fevberry Home in oh.......5 hours 
class for four hours indoors 
has finised hours and hours of maths revision  maths exam 2morrow 
fucking concert 4 hours long  not happy started at 3 not paying attention
I got really good sleep last night (fell asleep at 11pm after being woke for 24hours) but I'm still tired 
Facing the fact I might not me leaving #asylum in B'ham for over another hour. 2+hours drive in the dark 
Facing the fact I might not be leaving #asylum in B'ham for over another hour. 2+hours drive in the dark 
after pondering for several hours... i have come to a conclusion ... I'm screwed 
My feet really hurt and I have 4 more hours to go. 
Doing nothing for hours 
I've been up for only 6 1/2 hours and I'm already tired...yep, I'm sick. 
My total time awake came to 37 hours. followed by a 6 hour sleep which was not long enough  school tomorrow so will get little sleep again
So my going to bed at 8.30 plan didn't really work because now I am awake and won't be able to sleep for ages  penis. I've had 3 hours hm.
@dailybooth Dailybooth wont let me on and I thought maintenance was only going to be 15 mins not hours!  
spending my last few hours in sf with adam 
I have to get up in 4 hours. Looks like I'm not sleeping tonight 
@taylorswift13 I want to watch it nowwwww but I have to wait like 3 hours  I can't wait any longer!
12 hours 'til essays in...shhhiiiit, up all night 
ugh, i don't want to be awake for another 6 hours,which i know i will be. tylenol pm maybe? blah. 
i have a couple of hours and soo much to study  this is not ok.
Settling in to my long shift..13 and a half hours to go!  The good news is I'm off after shift this coming morning and it's my anniversary
@lisagbaby : how was ny????? we studied everyday for 8 hours 
No sleeping tonight is bad  first hospital check up in 6 hours! Not good
is not looking forward to working 9 hours on thursday 
wishing for a time machine that will let me skip the next three days so i can get home without having to wait for 96 hours. 
just got back form natalies house.. we were together for 23 hours... hahaha it was soo much fun we studied for science and french. 
@grant_yang good luck gougou!!! you wake up in 2 hours  I love you!
ok 3 hours sleep in total and a long day ahead 
Less than 7 hours until take-off. All-nighters aren't as fun when you were already dragging from from earlier in the day. 
I'm only getting three hours of sleep tonight bc I'm opening 
@DiiLee nayem bas 4 hours  , shlonich anty ?
Morning. 2 hours sleep, feeling sick and very very tired 
terrorised by a giant spider.  think i got about 3 hours sleep 
holy shit i can't sleep and i have to be up in 3 hours! mine as well pull an all nighter 
just got back frm work  I was sooo dead there, I looked like a zombie. haha. =/ damn. im living off of like 5 hours of sleep in 24 hours.
Hanging out in travelers' circles is rough sometimes..you meet the most beautiful girl ever, but, she's flying back east in 3 hours 
holy balls, less than three hours of sleep and I don't care. saying goodbye to one of my best friends soon. this one won't be fun at all. 
wide awake, yet i have to wake up in 6 hours for school 
Brb dying @ all the #welshmovies and LOL biol in like 3 hours 
My mom's leaving in three and a half hours. 
Is tired and teary after only 4 hours sleep and a night of stomach pain 
@bridget_m_ haha awwh, iv been working all weekend so i hvnt seen the sun  and i have my comms exam in 2 hours ahh, bambis l8r?x
got 5 hours sleep at least :S need to find out whats wrong with me not being able to sleep 
i have only slpet 9 hours in the past 4 days and im heading to work to do a 16 hour shift.  im soooo tired!
Going to the city to babysit for 11 hours... At 6:45 in the morning. 
yay for only 3 hours of sleep!! 
@Hattifur cake was the only thing that i didn't eat  they were serving toomany dishes, we were there for too many hours, and then decided
Despite best efforts it's only taken 5 hours for the red tape to tie up my enthusiasm 
In the car for 7 more hours! 
oops microsoft conference at E3 in 3hours and abit  will be sleeping...
My cat has been missing for 48 hours. She often goes on adventures for 24 hours, but I'm getting worried now. 
is meeting and then i get to sleep!! im still so tired after 36 hours awake  i need my sleep! i know its sad
Only four more days...  then the headache of work and stress starts again. Only happy hours and red bulls keep me going.
is really sunburnt after spending four hours on the beach  it really hurts
@mucbrula 3 hours after the flight went missing!! Thats a long time! Just heard about the german passengers 
needs coffee soooo bad, i barely slept 5hours 
OUUUUCH. back hurts from cleaning my room for hours today. and i still have my stiff neck  ouuuuuuch. need massage asap.
10 hours and my pain is over for a few more days 
I'll be cooped up in the library in 12 hours time, argh. 
Running on 2 hours of sleep I'm dying seriously 
My babes is in pain.  i hope he gets better for tomorow. Ah going to be legal in ten hours!
Apparently just another false alarm    4 hours of contractions and then nothing
4 hours later, done with thank you notes... 
i will now get about maximum 3 hours of sleep 
I don't have enough hours in the day to do all the things I want to do 
have been studying for 5 and a half hours, and am still only 2/3 way through. looks like a late night for me 
@grantimahara @JohnWCurtis I've been without mine for all of a couple of hours and I'm convinced I'm suffering withdrawal symptoms 
arghh i have  a soar throat out of yelling two hours over skype 
sooo tired  slept for like 12 hours
I am ready for a nap, workout this morning then 6 hours of class, and now homework for the rest of the night   only 5 more weeks of class
my plans got canceled for the evening  i guess ill stay at uci for another 8 hours
blehblehbleh boredom. common theme during the 8-5 hours. 
@myalleycatalley can't even imagine being in their place - waiting at the airport, a reunion hours away and then they hear the news 
i really need to learn how to get an early night! i gotta be up in 5 hours  #fb
@kevinmarquis yay i can't wait...longest he's ever been away, so i'm not used to this...not sleeping is killing me hav to be up in 5hours 
going to have 5 hours of sleep  #deadtomorrowmorning
youtube isn't working and hasn't been for a few hours 
Has five hours to write my my turn... 
I don't know if I slept or just laid with my eyes closed for 3 hours 
i cant get use to this 6 hours ahead sh*t just yet...too hard to go to sleep 
I jus spent 12 hours at schoool.. Grosssss 
sleeping until 4:30 am. driving 2 hours x2 for coffee. saying goodbye to jacob for 12 weeks 
rubbing eyes finally going to bed. All of these hours and no additional pay 
@MeganWrappe haha! I'm sorry megan.  I'm glad you took a break though. I did too...I've been asleep foe hours! Lol
4 hours until my shift starts....  Who is keeping me company tonight?
@JaeArr I would, but you need a minimum of 8 hrs of sleep. and 2 hours to let them kick in, unless you're sleeping in, its too late now. 
@jenjo636 i wish i could sleep more lol trust me, it just wont happen 4 me  BUT i am about to go get my 5 hours or so lol goodnight!!!!
I go on holiday in 3 hours and I feel like crap... I'm never ill though 
@lipstickmasala lucky  I can't believe I have to be up in 6 hours.
I have to wake up in 3 hours to babysit for 12  cant fall asleepppp
haven't got out of my jammies all day. time to change, jammies. not clothes that'd be stupid. i'd have to change in like 4 hours anyways 
Why is it that I have to be passed out tired to head to bed? It's not good. The cats will be chewing my head in 4 hours. 
sleep... then class/studying for 12 hours straight. exams next week 
stupidstupid math. two hours ago.. i couldve been sleeping but these stupid xintercepts are effffing keeping me up 
in a grand total of 3 hours and 5 minutes I'll be free for the year!!!! WOOOOOHHOOOOO .................... damn have to sit exam first 
Hurting alot this morning not sure if I can pedal  bikes got it's service so its another 8 hours before I'll give it ago, fingers crossed
I sat at the kopi tiam for two hours for my story. 
been dealing with computer and network problems all day long, I have literally wasted about 5 hours so far  grrr #fb
is still awake due to the fact that i am unable to fall asleep until the late hours of the nite... 
just went for a short nap, 12 hours ago...heading to the office 
good morning everyone! i just woke up and i'm soooooo tired!  how can i be so tired? i've slept more than 10 hours for once in my life!
sunnyoutside and im stuck inside for the next 8 hours 
sunny outside and im stuck inside for the next 8 hours 
in 2 hours i wrote 1 and half sentances how sad is that and yuck we are having fish for dinner... 
feelin better...still wish i was home tho'!! got 5 more hours 
see you guys in about 5 hours, unfortuenetly  x
rough nite kept waking uo every few hours 
just woke up from my nap but my phone alarm didnt go off so i slept for 2 hours instead of one and missed home and away 
@masseffect2  so not fair wish i could play thoses levels for 3 hours 
I still have two more hours of sleep and I can't fall back to sleep 
The tooth has to come out but it has to be tomorrow. 24 more hours of agony. 
looking through the window thinking how nice it would be to get on the bike.....glorious  only another 4 hours before release 
I slept 5 hours. That's three hours short of the recommended amount. Just in case you're counting. 
Ugghh, not again...need to get more than 5 hours of sleep tonight, 
studying, i have for 4 hours and also had go to the cinema arghhhh 
@Jenaleesa so me and mum just went to go to kmart to get a dvd and it was closed  no more 24 hours
@abaublitz thats what i am doing now but in 3 hours i have to go to work 
@MajorIvan playing takes only few minutes, writing down - hours 
Why do they make your appointments so early and then make you sit in the waiting room for hours?  (via #zenjar )
i get 4 hours of sleep tonight 
@thewhitelass you'll get to play before me. the download started 2 hours after i work 
os i sooooo need my work day to be over, 4.08pm and i have 3 hours and 22 minutes to go 
so tired  i got two hours of sleep.
Final cut crashed and deleted all my captured footage... thats 6 hours down the drain 
Ugh make time stop for about to more hours. I don't want to go back to work yet I need more sleep still cause I really don't feel well 
4 hours of math that is! 
uggghhhhh 2 hours of class and 1 hour of battery wow what a time to forget my charger  
@DDysart closed after business hours 
4 hours of hazmat training! I want a ps3 
Watching Australian films for the next 8 hours. I'm so disheartened by the quality of our output. 
@Uknomee nope  i wish i did. hours are scarce and i'm beggin full timers to go on vacation already!
i wish i got more hours at banana 
no power for 4 hours now 
this workweek are very hard 
Is sad because the electricity is out and has been out for 2 hours and has a kazillion photos to edit 
's laptop broke, so he had to go back in and spend seven hours resetting everything and reinstalling all of the programs.    
@dj_damien not really, since it means i'll finish 2-3 hours later instead 
slept for 12 hours and noone woke him, but the after abuses were nevertheless bad.    
will be biking in... 8 hours. I'm up way too fucking late 
just slept for the past 2-3 hours . ready to shower then watch teevee then h/w 
's day off is so close...yet 7.5 hours of working toooooo far 
hmm, a record. six hours later urine still smell like asparagus, or that chemical in it how about that 
a record, six hours later, urine still smells like that asparagus chemical. how about that? 
@kusasi fun wasn't it? You need to follow @m40updates. Even knowing that it was closed we still took over 2 hours to get to work 
@ragdollgonewild no LotusNotes = longer hours = no date 
f*ing insomnia.  I have a doctor's appointment in 4 hours! 
I only had 4 hours of sleep and i woke up at 4am? wtf? haha. i cant go back to sleep anymore... 
Electricity is back after 4 hours.  I'm going to get cookies now.
@knttygrl for few hours.... But I've dealt with migraines for about 10 years  at least I don't have to take heavy meds anymore!
So this is what it feels like to start getting up this early again... not fun... only slept like four hours 
Ugh! I hate when my sleep gets interrupted. I was only sleep for 2 hours when I was awaken and now I can't go back! 
i need a job with flexible hours 
@IllusiveMcSorly No, had about 2 hours sleep last night so none of my muscles want to work  haha
8.5 Hours left.... 
Going to skool for 3 hours 
@maytjh SEVEN hours?!? that is way beyond ridiculous 
has not eaten anything for 30 hours straight.  http://plurk.com/p/y4xrf
maintenance says it will only be a few hours, I may die before then...   melting 
@AlexAllTimeLow so bummed I couldn't come  you're in brisbane so drive up about 17 hours and you'll reach where I live.
is awaaaaake. Last update was only 6 hours ago 
I def think I'm getting sick! I keep coughing. n I got bad cramps forgot to take pain reliever b4 I left!  2 hours n 10 minutes left
@NightShow1015 i love that you went to bed 2 hours before i woke up  fml.
@liaquintans Another few hours of doing the design. O_o I hate it. 
I cant beleive my phone is broken. i guess im going to alltel after a few more hours of sleep 
I think I've gotten 6 hours of sleep the past 3 nights(:... 
@Skaty_G Awww honey  I know how it feels...not done as much hours as you this week but been stuck in office whilst sun shines   xx
Working in the basement... I'm still tired and i got like 11hours of sleep last night  miss you baby
Ahh I shouldn't do my hair than go to sleep for 2 hours 
 gonnna be to worst few hours ever. Loveee yous and miss youss
part 1 of the day is done! now gotta go to work for 8 hours! 
had two exams today so i just sat in the sun for hours with my mates on the field inbetween!! three hours to be exact!! i got burnt 
Working. I've been here since 6:30am. I'm exhausted, I got 4 hours of sleep. 
@JessMcFlyxxx i know! i can't wait to get stuck in (: but the downside is that the exam is for 10 hours 
Working from 9 til 9. Yes that will be 12 hours 
last few hours before the exam... still need some rest but have some to look over some things 
14 straight hours of work, two hours of sleep, kiddie serving of cherrios, &amp; enough caffeine to reanimate a corpse, still 8 hrs to go 
http://twitpic.com/6oiqv - This is my laundry that has been hanging outside for 24 hours. 
woke up at 4.30, not good news when i have 4 essays to do in 72 hours  need motivation but just want a subway, depressing.
how does getting food take five hours? 
I just wnna sleep for like 10 hours! LOL I'm sleepy. but NOOOOOOOOO! guess whose about to go to work.  text me nd entertain me while there
two hours to do this. bummer  should've learned my lesson by now..
Ugh I only have 24 hours next week  damn you mondays!!!
played sims for like 2 hours...nothing else to do 
so i get a lighter... 3 hours later my dad takes it away 
i lost my phone 2 hours a go, and already don't know how to go threw the rest of my day 
http://bit.ly/sFP1f   #rickroll   4 hours on youtube 
I really just want to go hang out with my boyfriend right now, instead of working for another 4.5 hours. 
antihistamines r like narcotics to me. i seriously just passed out for 2 hours. this is how exciting my fri nights r when i work the wknd 
i have officially lost all feeling in my legs! playing the sims 3 for seven hours isn't good... 
This family is having quite the bad day.  I feel worse now cuz I went to lay down and ended up napping for two hours.
is so sick of being in the flat all by herself already! got another 3 weeks of it yet and its onli been 12 hours! nighttime is worst 
@starleigh2000 lucky! i have 6 hours till i get to go home. 
@TomFelton I've been able to vote once in the last 3 hours. Ugh, that site bugs me 
@IamSpectacular hey how is cleveland so far? I would have been there but I had calling hours to attend tonight 
throwing up for 9 hours = least fun time ever. went to the doctor yesterday. apparently i have norwalk virus. shots suck. 
throwing up for 9 hours = least fun time ever. went to the doctor yesterday. apparently i have norwalk virus. shots suck 
@DocBlizzy 3 hours and still waiting for a room? 
i waited for twitter to finish maintenance to post that i laid in bed for 2 hours trying to fall asleep, but didn't. now i have to study 
sleepy time, plus five ... hours that is 
trying to upload a vid on youtube, it's taking forever! says it's got 4 hours  to go!! 
@shortstephy we work monday for a couple of hours. 
is now off for a well-deserved sleep. 40 hours ain't fun without one.  http://plurk.com/p/yrzoe
going to bed now...  will only get like 6 hours of sleep 
Waiting for ben to finish studying for his exams... only 5-7 hours left 
ah i just worked on something for like 2 hours at ended up being stupid... so now i'm sad 
its 1600 hours...... soo boredd and my laptop stopped working again  I think it's time to cash in on my extended warranty xD
2 hours of sleep isn't good at all 
@migaruler lol.. my problem is that i woke up 4 hours after i sleep. 
@GageG eating PopTarts  sorry i can't answer the minute you send it to me because of time zones  10 hours difference
Someone kill me? Really dreading spending 8 hours in that place tonight. 
@SimonOrtiz no i didnt,,  lol.. hey, more moneyyy! just be careful, those hours might go missingg!
@IvyLaArtista It stopped raining here in boston so i went out for a few hours... nothing major though 
5 hours to go, ZZzzZZzzZZzzzZZzzzZZzzz soo tired 
Off to take a nap. I just slept for four hours this morning 
In a few hours got to go to work ...nightshift  ..5 Nights ...ah well also this will pass
Officially dying, wondering if I';m over-reacting. 5+ hours now though, god. 
wow... just woke up about an hour ago.. i slept almost 10 hours solid!!! too mad! what a waste of a saturday 
@EttejNahgaem hahah i love how you have to wake up in 5 hours to go to work when i just woke up to take the sat's 
In mcdonalds  eight hours to go.
Is annoyed that since coming home it is apparently impossible to get more than 7 or 8 hours of sleep. I have time to sleep in and I can't 
Yay stuck in the car for 4+ hours 
@mikepolizzotto you know that if i were able to, i would...but it looks like theres over 5 hours of traveling inbetween and i have no car 
&lt;- is up after 2 1/2 hours of sleep.  
2 hours of sleep and I'm here at work waiting for my 12 hour day to start 
working on 3 hours of sleep suckkkkkkkkkkkks 
I got a whole 4.5 hours of sleep last night because for whatever reason, I couldn't fall asleep 
I need 4 more hours of sleep. 
3 hours of sleep, not pleasant having to get up straight away to asda. 
working at valente...forgot headphones  7.5 hours to go!
@x_Beckiie_x yeah they haven't shown it anywhere near me the closest to me was 2 hours away n my parents wldnt let me go  x
still gets 6 hours of sleep even when I have all the time in the world to sleep in, 
heading off to work for a couple hours... and then were making our last trip up to ralph... ever 
That was almost 12 hours of sleep but feels like 2. 
@KimPossible40 I guess that means I should expect the rain in a few hours 
I've laid in my bed for around 8 hours, but I'm not sure how many of those actually included sleep 
@hawdwerk I'm up!!!! At the hospital....my best friend has been in labor for the last 7 hours 
didnt win   But the ball is in 3-4 hours
Right. Out of hours vets called.. the on call vets for the practice we see is apparently oh god miles away   And we don't drive...
7 hours on tills ... yea i  totally love it ! - grrrrrrr 
After sleeping continuously for about 24 hours, it feels like my cold might be getting better...work in 4 hours will be rough. 
only 4 hours of sleep... so sad 
I wish there was more fun in my big bag of fun  i bored. 9 hours to go.
survived part 1, but candidates get 2 hours for lunch, &amp; we only get 1/2 hr  (&amp; my dad just started talking about twitter.)
Needs a nap again and I have only been up for a few hours 
Just woke up after 20 hours of sleep...I'm still tired 
@Mrs_McFox four hours too long 
Angelysis has only been away 24 hours and I'm already seriously missin' her.    Only 13 days until her return. *pout*
I want to sleep! running on three hours sleep! bad move, haha. 
curses! sims 3 took away 2 hours of my weekend 
on break. five hours to go. 
@gigi4462 what happened to the days when I could sit and tweet with you all for hours uninterrupted  
@Valilor I don't raid with my guild. I'm stuck with a schedule of suck and get barred from most of the main raid hours. 
i slept for almost 12 hours. i still feel like shit 
@marginatasnaily lol i was chucked of 4 times in 24 hours ysterday!! We call it the 'sin bin' you can look from the sides but not play!! 
http://pic.gd/8d0064 I want the missing 5 hours. @janole 
@kevatkinson lol are you spying on me! have just stopped for a break after 2 solid hours 
felt so nice sleeping in today.. much needed! not stoked i have to go to work for about 2 hours on a sat though 
Going for a nap now!! have to beup in 3 hours ready for the airport!! 
@silverSJ  you should try working for a privately owned coffee shop. i got stable hours and the boss-peoples are really nice about breaks.
I havent slept in 24 hours and I played basketball today I am dead tired but I cant fall asleep 
Is going to bed in mo &amp; hoping to get more than four or five hours sleep tonight. A whole week of no sleep has left me battered. 
Oh yay...stuck in the denver airport for next 3 hours. 
needs to sleep 10 more hours 
Soaring eagle is two hours away. 
again had a walk, two hours :S my leg hurt 
@CMGeekCrissa  can't you try and find a babby sitter, at least for a few hours?
Still havent slept, if i don't sleep today thats 52~ or so hours without sleep. surely not healthy 
I've been awake for sixteen hours, and it's only six o clock 
two and a half hours is NOT long enough, I want to sleep more but my fam won't let me. 
24 hours without tweeting and like nowon cares 
fighting with my bf , well he doesnt understand me  i did wait him hours
@sar_88 you had to wait 2 hours for the foood 
@AliCedric I don't know, but it IS possible to be tired after sleeping 6 hours. 
5 minutes left of my break.  another 5 hours left of my shift, if i say i 'feel' sick, will they let me go home?
@keb578 I just heard back from my cousin and he lives 3 hours away 
@tallulahdarling The Hours was amazing win and I loved it like burning. &amp; in response to your ? I got bad news about my sick dog  I'm sad.
I've been sitting on a bus for 15 minutes waiting for it to go. cranky. my whole body hurts. and I work again in 9 hours 
@teamDdemiLovato i got like no sleep last night i think i got like 6hours  so tired
@theensies you forgot about the shitty ferry which ads on about 3-3.5 hours 
work sucks. and i am only getting 6.5 hours a week. wtf is this shit? hopefully summer will bring in some more hours for me 
Doesn't like waking up every 8 hours to take meds. 
one more thing, i only slept for 3 hours  so so sleepy (*-.-*)
@dougiemcfly too bad you guys didn't come down...my friends and I waited for 2 hours 
I hate when my hubby works double shifts...I haven't seen him in 48 hours 
it was so nice to get away from my cubicle for 2 hours. i'm totally going to miss the M4 crowd. 
hahah i just passed out for 3 hours.  :\
where did the last 3 hours of my life go 
@chickylove I don't want to watch two hours of corniness. 
Tired......6 hours of sleep in 2 days im worn out 
@chinkchilla i got really sick this morning. kept on puking for like 3 hours 
Is still moving. 16 hours and counting.  helpppp meee
@tercitra i watch her 4 24hours be4 i realized that shes the next cintalawrah,&amp; then i get sick.sindo also report anything bout her 
Sleeping less then 6 hours gives you a great feeling .. 
@DaRealSincere yeah.it lasts like 4 hours.but I have to stay @ the hospital over night 
Note to self ... 5 hour naps during the day makes it hard to sleep during normal sleeping hours  
@franzne online for 3 or 4 hours?! dang. that's torture, dude. 
woke up about 2 hours ago.. can't fall back asleep. this is miserable! 
I canNOT sleep  I have to be up in like 4 hours...
@breannnna meeee too! I'm supposed to be up in 3 hours 
@laurenfloate four hours ago you were looking at a rainbow. four hours ago i was at work  pretty jealous.
I've only had 3 hours sleep since yesterdy &amp; i still can't get to sleep. 
@johnnagle i'm still up  listening to the song on repeat for the last 3 hours
@vazechttya me,huh collapse,driving to bogor then get back in 3 hours 
4 hours of sleep is just simply not enough... 
@Sportaphile LOL I wish my tolerance was that low.  I think I've taken 5 ambien throughout the night just to stop waking up every 2 hours
Only got 4 hours of sleep, not enough 
I slept for like 12 hours and got woken up by my mum telling me lunch was ready... I'm not hungry 
Catching up on a few more hours of sleep before I have to leave @janine213. 
@pawlyn216 sorry (from 7 hours ago) I didn't know tht you followed me , so sorry again. 
getting breakfast then more walking for hours   (//__^)
10 hour days &amp; 4 hours of sleep makes me with I would have known about B's sleeping pill a bit earlier  I'm gonna hate life today lol
@jakkaj coulda told me that 1.5 hours ago. :p wasted evening.  lol
@realitydistortd oohh 5 hours is not enough for me,,Haha.need at least 7 
worked 12 hours yesterday, now I have to do it all again on 3 hours of sleep   this should be interesting
Sundays should not be for working!!!! Unfortunately there aren't nearly enough hours in a week so I ought to get cracking 
can't sleep.... cooking until the wee hours is dangerous 
You'd think after 9 hours sleep plus an hour's nap, you wouldn't be wrecked by 11:30 after doing nothing all day.. dirty virus 
maaaaaaaan, got another 4 hours til JLS  x
absolutely hanging ... one and a half hours sleep and so much alcohol 
Its the morning and I am feeling like shit as I predicted  and I don't feel any better and to top that I had about 4 hours of sleep 
its raining.. outside and in my heart... my internet didn't worked in days  okay.. 24 hours but its looong!
Wow just slept a solid 16 hours and I still feel terrible,  but at least iTunes gave me compensation credit
Power cut for two hours!   and all i had to do was push a red button
hacketon with ton @ coffee company. spent a few hours debugging antlr gencode, discovering i was running into the reserved words problem 
@ShakiraCiara don't feel bad I'm havin a hard time wakin up too. I've been n bed (awake) 4 over 2 hours now. 
24 hours left to cuddle with my man 
is @ starbucks, waiting for the poppa, cause my drivers ed teacher messed the times up!  have to wait for 2 hours
going to the festival be bak in like 7 hours  freakin community service! :p lol
three hours into driving to tennessee and im already getting car sick 
i slept 12 hours last night and im already tired again 
i am not feeling good whatsoever... i haven't slept in over 24 hours and i'm about to die!!! 
 no room for standby flight. Now I gotta be here for 4 more hours.
5 hours later and the room is still not tidy 
@koolitz After 3 hours.. http://www.hurl.ws/2yos 
Anything I've eaten over the last 24 hours, has just come straight back out. 
@ThisisDavina  sky + as apprentice is on for two hours, i am going to be very tired tom 
@likirus thx but i still need hours to finish ... why do i have to do this again ??? ... i spent 4 hours and there seems to be no end  ...
I'm tired of airports! I've been in an airport for eight of the 13 hours I've been awake today. 
procrastinating. have sat down to work, two hours ago. have mostly not. have posted nappy auction and chatted on line.  I am weak.
returned this afternoon to cologne  but I made it in almost 3hours wwekend was great, watch hannah movie, not that bad;)
wishes 'one a day' anti-histamines worked for 24 hours 
drivin marathon~ only sleep for few hours.. 
I want to go to bed. But i want to go for a walk. But its too cold. But i can't go to bed until 2 (another 2 long hours) 
Enjoying the last hours of the weekend 
@ganishgg shiiii, wish i saw this two hours ago. 
I can't sleep! So far I'm down to 4.5 hours of sleep but it doesn't look good on getting any 
getting ready for 6 hours of hard training 
2 hours and 36 minutes I've just been laying in bed trying to sleep... I have a sleep problem 
I need to vom or work out for 18 hours to make up for this wknd 
You know even though i make 2000 every 3 hours it i should be making bank. But i'm not! 
@adccfighter with big cuts, 24 hours is just not enough time for full physiological recovery 
So tired... 3 hours of sleep was not enough. 
about to go wash the dishes. be back in 6 hours. 
ah hospital in 7.5 hours. 
Ohgod I've finally realised I only had 4 hours sleep and 200mgs of caffiene for breakfast 
losing at poker is so horrible and it's worse considering that it's the last tourney for 2 hours 
Oh...and if you can't tell...my sleepathon did NOT go as planned!  I couldn't seem to stay asleep, so I was up every few hours. figures...
What about me: 2 hours of diagnostics,I'm like a living drag shop.   
@cloverdash It's gone all kinked up, after two hours spent straightening it last night  And I just woke up in a huff-no real reason!
...not looking forward to 3 hours of sleep tonight 
outfit sorted... ended up going on a bar crawl yesterday and drank for 10 hours, now it's hangover time  !!!!
Cba to wlk skool, only finifhed gamin 2hours ago 
still hurts  dunno how im gonna sit on a train for over 3 hours
only slept like 5 and a half hours last night  http://plurk.com/p/110p7z
slept 4 hours, and now I'm up... I can't sleep anymore. my shoulders &amp; calves hurt too bad to sleep. 
will be free in 32 hours! Last week ever with girlies 
maybe 3 coffees in the space of 2 hours wasn't a great idea ... head is hurting 
6 hours travelling, not a minute of sleep. 
now at work, starting 3.5 hours early, leaving 3.5 hours early. @paleozoic wont be back for 3 whole weeks 
is running on 2 hours of sleep  not cute
spent about 2 hours in tailbacks this weekend 
Headed to work soon with about 3 hours of sleep 
Tidying my room  urghh will take me hours!!!!
@MicheleDirkes  ohhh poor michele, so alone   ^^ i`ll call you in a few hours okayy? ^^
is packed...will be omw to airport in about 4 hours...pretty sad about leaving @sooneriron and my pups... 
My favorite local restaurant changed their morning hours so I can't have breakfast there on work days. I b sad 
had a very productive weekend, but wish I had been able to fall asleep. Mondays are hard enough on more than 3 hours of sleep. 
Cooling woes continue, new cooler has arrived and so far taken 3 hours to install inc. spraying me with refrigerant coolant 
.@unknownfilms and I aren't in the best of moods this morning...we can't be bc we're too tired, 3 hours sleep 
I literally only got about 2 hours worth of sleep and I'm here at work til 9 pm 
24 hours ago we were making plans now he is gone forever  my heart has never hurt so much
So sad  I spent 4 hours on a lab report and in return she gave me a stupid 75% 
will be leaving continental europe in 2 hours 
is goin back to revising for a few hours as she cannot b bothered with this wether  unpleasent..ness
it's only 8:52 am...I'm sooo tired  --me no likee the early 'rising' req'd for summer hours!
Only about ten hours of sleep today. 
still 17 hours for that re inventing the web 
I have forgotten what it's like to get more than 3 hours of sleep at a time  
had schoold today  but 3 frees!!!!! trip 2 hannas, then mcdonalds then we sat on a field for 2 hours! gud times!
2 hours and 15 mins left til I can take a nap. I wish this would go faster 
would like to know when my joints are going to stop hurting.  I've been up and moving for 5 hours and I'm still walking like my grandma! 
It's doomsday...jaw surgery in exactly 2 1/2 hours... 
inventory is crazy...think I ate some bad pizza. not feelin too good  at least 4 more hours to go
I really hate my nightshifts 
He painted flouride on my teeth and i can't brush it off for another six hours 
Waiting on oil change... why do they always tell me 45 minutes and it ends up being 2 hours? 
have turned into a slight gibbering wreck... has been thundering for nearly 2 hours... gah 
leaving Leeds in exactly 4 hours. Don't know why I'm feeling sooo sad leaving 
oh...i never saved the file - make that  close to 2 hours lost 
lost internet connection for about 2 hours 
just caught up on 2 hours of casualty, now onto the hills. missing london 
in atlanta for ... two more hours. 
The Fredeick store is closing. Looks like my hours are getting cut again 
@simply_scorpio your late honey she is going in 9 hours.. 
@nicolalalalala i don't feel *that* sleepy but need to go lie in bed and think about sleeping, alarm goes off in just over 6 hours 
Wish I could upload the pictures but internet has been down for 3 hours or so. Not so nice. 
@amykayODT yeah 10 hr drive is a bit much...there r so many around here that r 5 or less hours away but during the wk so that won't work 
My fish has not moved for hours im afraid that he's dead i cant bear 2 flush him...it'll hurt 2 bad 
One of my neighbours is watching a film very loudly and thumping things. There's been noise all evening. I have to be up in seven hours. 
unsuccessfully spent a couple of hours looking for some nice brown steeletos 
is an idiot. I did not use sunscreen at all today, and was in the sun for over 5 hours. The effects are now showing up 
Phone dying. So I cant text for the next 4 hours! 
the apartment we had our sights set on was just leased out 2 hours ago. 
 just 12 hours left of my 4 day weekend... 114.5 hours goes by fast!!!!
at nicoles waiting for sims3 to finish downloading and its been over 2 hours 
Practical exams for 7 hours later , damn nervous and scared and its killing me! 
9 hours and couting... migraines suck 
justgothome, was going to hit up hidenseek with friends but am too tired. have to be up in about 8 hours anyway. 
going w/ mom in the morning to her doc appt. 2 hours for 2 broken wrists. 
just came back, we're chillin at our room, enjoying the last hours of vacation  buaaaaaaaaaahhhh :___(
@jephjacques I envy you drawing skills... I draw stick figures and it takes me 2-3 hours for a day's comic... 
11 hours later and my arms are still throbbing 
my good mood is lasted only for abour 2 hours. .i feel flat now. 
i love sitting at a rehearsal for 4 hours doing nothing when I could be asleep. it's my favorite. 
HEADACHES STINK!  spent two hours in bed trying to get rid of it -- did get rid of the nausea mostly, but headache wants to stay with me 
Preparing for the big drive back to civilisation. I really don't want to drive for 8 hours 
sooo tired. 9 hours of sleep total the past two nights 
&amp; eight hours layer and still no sighn 
Now I gotta sleep before I get up in 6:40 hours 
I want to curl up in my bed and phone chat with another till hours unknown. 
My poor boyfriend...headed to work a 12 hour shift, on 2 hours of sleep. I hate his job 
@jeremylucido night jeremy! (3 hours ahead of you guys  )
I feel so bad for my cat  She's been waiting at the door for 6 hours for her kitten to come back, but we gave it away...
bed, need to be up in 5 hours..1.5 hr commute awaits me in the a.m. 
possibly should have applied sunscreen to my back before spending multiple hours snorkeling... 
@MiguelSeagull im stuck doing this for atleast another 2 hours 
is working 30+ hours this weel 
At walmart. So sad @Sarengo isn't here....we spend hours here together 
Has got her 2 1/2 hours exam for statistics in a few hours  
13 hours. I miss you  http://twitpic.com/7j0fd
in the last two days, I've cried for about 12 hours. all of those tears were for one girl. and here come some more.. 
just woke up.i slept for nearing 12 hours. result of being jobless. 
ok 7 hours until jury duty not going to be a happy camper 
xbox live maintenance for up to 24 hours 
omg xbawks is down for 24 hours  brb going to an hero.
laying down.. the fam is leaving in 2 hours.. 
&gt;:O I brought hummus to work, but I realized I left it sitting out for over seven hours and now I can't eat it   
busted all her money in a few hours  http://plurk.com/p/11aixv
randomly woke up, been layin here for almost 2 hours tryin to fall back asleep, sighh 
regret that coffee i had a few hours ago. its already 3 
@greggarbo tell me about it! got 2 hours sleep last night and a full day studying ahead 
waaaahhooooo 3 hours of sleep! wheres my coffee? 
hosting activation at masterweb.net is very slow, they said in 24hours will active, but until now ... 
is having bad asthma at the mo. 15 hours now 
#iranelection i fear persiankiwi is 'gone' into the fog.  his last post was 10 hours ago 
leaving for the airport in a couple of hours. @highpriestess is here with me and I already miss her 
my exam is in 2 hours  wish me luck
Feeling lazy today, not good that i have 2 hours coaching then 3 hours trainging tonight! 
haiii^^ i have now midday scool  2 hours ..... it will be borning (
12 hours until the farewell event 
@mwclarkson sorry will/should be in bed by then - 3 little kids that get up in 7 hours 
Needs to socialize after 3 hours of exams  anyone?
Brothers. Who sets there a alarm 4 5:30! I coulda got another hour of sleep but now i cant! Thanks..  |OhMiGawd&lt;3|
@g3mini521 yup  at least I have a few hours before I have to go out, lol
Ugh less than 3 hours of sleep class till 2 
Assessing the damage done after walking three hours (THREE HOURS) yesterday. 
@suzibub No, 4 hours is not good. I'm feeling that right now.  http://myloc.me/41jS
I am finishing up my photoshop tutorials, only 13 hours worth to go...! 
I have decided that there are definitely not enough hours in the day to do all the things I want/need to do 
3 hours left till I can call it a day...so much stuff left to do 
So I was unable to live up to my promise.  I laid some murder down on 11 hours sleep instead.  I am ashamed 
I've been up since 2:30 am trying to study for an exam I have in about 30 minutes  I'm on 4 hours of sleep..and I'm exhausted, and not ...
@jniehof better than showing up 3 hours late, i guess? yuck. 
I wonder if given the option to have 26-hour days, how many people who take it.  It could mean 2 extra hours of sleep...or work.  
@widdernixclown I crashed my iPhone the other day. After 12 hours it was still dead. I had to sync it to my PC to 'uncrash' it. 
Home again after a late night office visit... have to be up and getting ready to head back there in about 6 hours. 
I slept from about 4 pm yesterday until just now with 2 hours of being awake. And I'm still tired. 
It's really bad when your baby gets up hours before she's normally does. I need sleep 
@rdjfraser The plane ride was 3 hours, but it was too hard to get to the computer 
i slept like 4 hours last night  i need more sleep.
@TempSec It was kind of stormy-ish here at lunch and now its glorious....several hours of photoshopping ahead of me 
doesnt want to go back to work  why cant there be longer lunch hours??
I'm so tired  I need to start going to bed at a normal time. 4 hours sleep a night is not healthy
I've been rolling around my bed for the past 2 hours. I need to sleep!! But I can't  It's like I've never gotten over my jetlag.
My internet is going to be dropping out for the next 48 hours 
On the road back to beaumont... still 12 hours away 
Off to work soon, I really need to find a career with better hours...I hate not having the evening with my family 
ah....man....2.5 hours left till I have to go to work 
as of now great grandma has been gone for two years, 12 hours and 25 minutes. 
**correction, I stink at math, 9 more hours until I get to play it 
bored out of my mind, watching the kids today and so tired from the trip to pick them up yesterday, I have had 9 hours of sleep in 2 days 
Test in four hours  pray i get an A!!
I m working on 4 and a half hours of sleep...i miss adea euen though ill see her 2morrow 
@georginaisback noo G I was at colosseum just 3 hours ago  it's not fair!!
WOW! I just took my longest nap ever. It was like 3 hours long...The suckish part is that I don't feel any better then I did this morning 
@hayleypdowd yeah  the hours turned out to be exactly the same as my living planet shifts. Pooooooo.
my feet = dull achy but excruciating pain.     next shift starts in 02:00 hours.....waaahhhhh
I got the game bitches!  Now I have to wait 4 hours before I can play it  http://twitpic.com/7kiwf
Man...this has been a long day. 12-hour shifts sucks. 4 more hours to go 
I'm really tired. I only had about 3 hours of sleep last night 
Pretty sure I just got my bangs butchered. And I'm not in the mood to take hours tonight to fix them myself 
Now let's make this 4 hours without power 
i'm so tired more than 20 hours a wake !!! and i cant sleep i will miss my flight  what should do ?!
I blew a tank of gas in six hours. 
@wez7 heck freaking yes. i got all of 4 hours sleep last night 
Less than 24 hours and I'm already being persecuted for twittering. 
Now I sleep, for it is 2 hours past my regular bedtime 
@cchellseaa okay so its been like 12 hours so far. I can't take it. I miss you. 
ughhh..i just worked almost 12 hours...my feet hurt SO bad, and i have to wake up and do it all over again tomorrow....  in the bedddddd
Pretty much dreading the next few hours. I am not good with this stuff. 
Taking a shower.  I'm so tired after sleeping about four hours in two days. 
@johncmayer 2 hours minimum?? thats not enough time! 
after watching my lip inflate of the course of 24 hours, i'm making plans to pay a visit to either an urgent care joint or walgreens... 
Massive headache and going on less than 5 hours sleep, but walked four miles(woulda been 6 but it got dark  )
5 hours w/o K  i hate jobs ... im bored.
@deandralynne lol i figuredd that. omg my boss got me workin hours out the asss 
My phone was trippin heavy, couldn't update nothing for about 3 hours 
Never been in so much pain ever  I start my new job in less than 4 hours, this is fucking rubbish.
no no no no no i shud be asleep  i dnt have 2 b awake till 10:30 but thats only 6 hours away... itl have 2 do i supose 
Finally caught up with softball stats. Not really how I wanted to spend two hours of my night. 
@fashionedmelody  Hugs in about 17 hours!
12 hours at disneyland... I'm pooped. 
working 8 hours a day is tough! my feet hurt. 
sooo i'm off to bed  i need like 100 hours of sleep but i'm only getting 4 or 5 or maybe 6 tonight 
I've been hammered for 5 hours.  when will this wbd
@caroline1015 because it's like, 3 hours away.. 
has to be up in 4 hours, I guess I should get to bed, but i'm not tired  ... so I guess I'll just surf the net... ugh
britney tonight! 7 hours travelling first though 
going to the soccer in a few hours. going to be good. no kewell 
Off to work anyhoo...just for a couple of hours, then have my long break, but then have to work until 8.30pm 
laying in bed for 2 1/2 hours and can't sleep  thinking about my future too much. I have a feeling i'll be sleeping through my alarm. fml!
it's been about 3 hours since I went to drop off my mom @ the airport &amp; I already miss her 
@kayocosio That was two hours ago  I'm hungry again. 
Another 10 hour day on 4 hours of sleep 
Just returned after visiting a doc. He made me wait 7 hours.. seriously was pissed off to my highest level 
Tired. Listened to LVATT in bed for two hours lol, its was supposed to get me up! Cba with biology later 
yeeessss yeesss jam 4  3 hours again 
And 7 hours full of silence tonight. So freaking tired. And have to get up in a few hours. 
@fionamlryan 2 hours  could never function on that little sleep.
Getting only 4 hours of sleep SUCKS. 
maybe I can get 4 hours sleep before the speech pathologist comes... 
@KNAN not too sure.  I don't sleep many hours on average anyway it seems.  
2 hours of sleep. Not good 
I love the fact that I am already up.  Yay for only getting three hours of sleep.  
is gonna have a very very tiring day tomorrow!!  travel by bus for 6 hours then job interview then back home bus ride 6-7 hours again 
@marybethrabon I'm jealous! I'm lucky if I get 5 hours of sleep 
morning world. i just basilly jusy layed here with my eyes closed for 6 hours and never fell asleep. nw ihave to get ready to run a mile 
@xikana_princess I can't  I've been trying for three hours but my brain won't turn off...more spanks might help 
@ghiribizzo and there will be a massive surge when it's released and it will take 2 hours to download 
WHY can't I sleep any more? I stayed on the phone with Jewls for eight hours, and then went to bed at five and woke up at nine. 
Although I miss those nights where I used to sleep like 8 or 9 hours 
Lately, I need about three more hours in my day so I can get some writing done. 
Why is it, you always lose the receipt of the one item you want to return ? I've been searching for hours 
working in &quot;3-days-to-paper-submission&quot; mode - 7am to midnight with breaks for lunch and dinner - 80 hours to my flight and so much to do 
I have to do blood work in 2 hrs for life insurance. That means I can't eat for another 2 hours. I'm not going to be in a good mood 
Ugh 617 dollars for books for only 13 credit hours? 
freaking wait! been standing for two and a half hours already.. soo packed 
Only 3 more hours then I can go home. I'm not feeling too good right now. 
@DaraV730 I would but I am already losing hours and hours to the sims 3 forum 
These ten hour work days are killing my soul. 
WTF? 6 hours   http://yfrog.com/467yrj
@Peety hey girl!  I tried to download 3.0, but craapy airport wireless takes 3 hours. 
@samcooper11 It has just released and download takes around 2-3 hours 
Ffffuuuuuccccckkkkk....... I'm still tired...  I slept for twelve hours! What is that!?
totally fucked up ^^ . in my oppinion a day needs 48 hours 
I want those 2 hours of my life back ! *sobs* 
has 6 more hours left of the 11 hour work day 
@basundra i wish i was down to go..but i love money more than the beach thus meaning i cant miss hours 
@amykate i know you tease. i wish i didn't work these hours but no option at present 
apple had me waiting for like 4 hours 
I just worked two hours i didn't have to without knowing it 
@bdavie oh and I have been waiting for about 2-3 hours 
Ugh why do I keep forcing myself to get up at ridiculous hours to study and then dont 
3 Finals down and 1 left...i need sleep, about 4 hours of sleep the last 2 days 
@NickkkJonasss I just played tennis for 5 hours and I smell 
15 more minutes! I am getting so restless and twittering more than 5 posts in 2 hours!!! I pretty much have no life. 
I need to start checking my schedule  1.5 hours early
wish i could sleep normal hours like most ppl its usually me, @sheselectric_ &amp; @ChrisEfs up all hours of the night.just me tonight 
 I work the next 4 days, 8 hours each day. No fun.
suffering from sleep deprivation  need @ least another 12 Hours!!
hours been trying to get wput to work, but constant failure leaves me bereft of any clues what im doing wrong 
omg. kssu is giving out passes to see transformers!! but i cant get it cuz i didnt finish my hours yet! boo. 
Replies taking hours to appear,I apologise if I missed you 
t-minus 6 hours 
I've been sitting here for two and a half hours.  I wish I could just get my meds and go home.
@AnaLovebug yes I'm alive... I has lost my life to precal, 8 hours a day = 40 hours a week. That makes anyone go crazy 
i burnt my finger almost 2 hours ago and it's stll killing me! 
Is off to work in about 10 mins!!! i really dnt like late shifts.. i mite miss my treadmill run 2days 
@kc0eks We would if I didn't work til 9 n then have to drive 4 hours  ... We can tonight if u want but ervs w.me
wow so 8 hours of driving plus 3 hours of work = time for bed...good to be home but sad to have left 
4 hours of being a checkout chick down, 4 hours to go 
is tired and sleepy after sleeping for 4 hours and got up again... 
6 hours lectures 
7 1/2 hours of standing 
woke up and ate some breakfast now off to sport for 2 hours of swimming, internet is still down 
@Electrikblue I work overnights...so even when I have a night off, I can't usually sleep for more than a couple hours.   lol how about u?
I really could do with a few more hours sleep, but alas I must leave for work in an hour and therefore must feel sleep deprived all day 
has been in emc for the past 10 hours for poor little eric who is being shipped off to madera..pray for him please 
@secretmuffin not a true double, classes were 15 hours apart.  can't find electrolytes at the mall
Just finished dishes.. Sucks coz I know it's only a few hours from now the sink will be packed with more  and I'm the only one that cleans
@CrabbyCon i'm hours away by airplane so no chance they can here me yell.  
@Ceridwyn2 I still got about 6 hours left  but that's okay, 'cause it's #otalia day - angsty, but still ... angst is good, I'll take it ;)
@blacksmaru It really takes around 2 hours for quick disconnects? 
wish i was closer than 12 hours 
Finals in a couple hours ugh  really not ready for this
is up, and despite 11 hours of sleep is still very tired 
lunch lke 2 hours away  
spent two hours this morning modifying totally the wrong thing. now have to work out how to undo all this mess 
Loves my monster drinks in the early AM, but hates the crash a couple hours later.  
it's my birthday in 12 hours. 
I'm so tired, but 2,5 more hours seminar and then 3 hours to drive back home!  Looking so forward to hug my bed!
@SpazzyKoneko aw you should bite him! I'm cranky when I don't get enough sleep  But we both sleep the same hours so its impossible for him
@paulcarrett wasn't enough hours  i'm waiting to hear back from fortis, keeping my fingers and toes crossed!
Shouldn't have tried to go 8 hours without a painkiller. Not feeling so good this morning. 
horrible night of sleep, maybe two hours total. i hate being sick! 
activity in the last 3 hours: mow the lawn    I  need urgently a gardener !!!
*sigh* now to backread like 17 hours or something 
it's early  but for a good cause. red beers starting in the air in approximately 2 hours.
its probably just nerves!!! i can't believe this ride for me is gonna be over in less than 18 hours!!! i think i may start crying now!!! 
forgot the exam was tomorrow  it seems ages away and its less than 24 hours actually haha!
why am I only getting 3 hours of sleep lately?!? it's been like that for 3 days!!! 
About to board. Out of contact for the next five hours. I hate being unreachable 
@cjleonejr Tried last night but the creativity juices weren't floweing with 2.5 hours sleep  
My sites have been down for twelve hours ... tried contacting @netfirms without any response 
its died down now,its getting real,4 hours til their train 
In 7 hours and 30 minutes i'm gone until sunday night. I'll miiiiss you twitterworld 
I don't want to be up right now   its too early for me. I need more than six hours of sleep 
So; within three hours of getting my laptop it won't boot... what is wrong with me? 
Is having a few hours off before i start my next shift 
In class til 2...it's going to be a long day and I'm exhausted, sick and working on 3 hours of sleep 
Four hours of sleep 
it's going to be a grumpy day. i wish people wouldn't impose their negative energy upon others... and i'm operating on less than 4 hours. 
@wabbitpie hahahaah listening to moldy peaches - reminds me of you   2 hours and COUNTINNNGGGG!!!!!!!!!
At the airport. Now we wait 2 hours 
@Tedhealey I bought the &quot;other two&quot; for 10 bucks. I can't sell them or get those 3 hours back! 
I have been averaging 4 hours of sleep a night...I feel like I am in a twilight zone right now...All I want to do is sleep and I can't! 
24 hours and no jailbreak  oh well
graduation in 4hours 
@sidish6 ofcourse you can! if you get on plane and can make it here in less than five hours.  you don't know what you're eating!?
@hannahmckenna its ends around 11ish I think.... it starts at 9 so I don't think it'll be more than 2 hours? :S... not sure 100% sorry 
can't believe Pacsun sold out of tons of bikinis in less than 24 hours and i didn't even have time to buy any!! 
had a very productive day, exspecially for be 20+ hours with no sleep...nightshift kills  me. goodnight sunshine... 
Boyfriend is leaving me in a few hours. 
I feel like crap. And only 2 hours and 15 minutes until i get off 
bout to go to the gym for a couple of hours  lol im still sore from the other day
@ben_betts 2 hours isn't so bad.... its about 5 from me.... 
graduation is in 3 hours and then grad night !! they aren't telling us where it's at until we GET there. and no phones allowed. 
@davidxkeller nope! that's like two hours from me booo and i tried to text you from aim but it didn't work? i don't have unlimited 
@hexenwulf    I hope manage more'n a couple hours
@iLadySyncere haha girl after a few hours they become a handful 
@LPSteele yeah, you're lucky babe. You can just sleep for 4 hours and you're here. I actually have to count the hours til you arrive 
the one time i want to work.. im not given good hours 
still not feeling too hot. Two hours-ish til another breathing treatment.  just plain wore out.
Accounts younger than 12 hours cannot send Maramail for security reasons. 
how did I sleep for 14 hours??!?!?!? jeeze I had stuff to do 
Just finished several hours in excel. Edit  requests will come 
I have an ear infection and getting on a plane in 14 Hours 
I love that movie. It made me cry for two hours after I watched it. 
if you texted me within the past five hours, sorry. my phone died.  no texts or tweets came through. reviving it now. try me in 10 minutes
I ignored my boyfriend for 5 hours on accident  naps are unhealthy &gt;_&lt;
I miss my lap top...it has only be 12 hours, but I want it back 
@chocobomoshpit @clydechicken I have the beta and I want in! I have weird hours though 
@KatieK1217 yes and it's the one that doesn't like being outside for very long too.  AND I'm leaving for vacay in less than 24 hours! 
left my mp3 player in the trunk and is stuck listening to corny nursey songs for many hours 
@pennylanee bummer  I want to go to both so bad but I live like 2 hours away :/
Right, definitely away for sleep now, up in 5 hours... 
So two and a half hours 'sleep',and I am awake....only insomniacs understand the frustration,of not getting enough!!  
Power has been out for hours. No productivity. Not cool. 
@bettyflies Totally on board with BTFs LOL. But now I need to leave you for a few hours. 
@int3ncities me too. i had to get up at five thirty, and i'm running on like four hours of sleep. 
4 hours of sleep and going to work. 
rejoicing over having finished my two lab write-ups! after 3 hours.... now for some studying... (again) 
bumming it  well see if things will get better in the next few hours... Hopefully they will
@cmisicka I waited in line 9 hours last year in the rain 
i love that not one of my tweeps have said nething to me in hours...i'm feeling quite unloved 
have been studying for the last 11 hours, my brain is about to collapse 
No it's totally cool don't look at the thing that took me about two hours to make 
scratch that working 55 hours over the next 3 days 
Hoping I can run 5.5 miles in the morning although I'm still ridiculously sore from my first bootcamp experience! 
@KATaylor007 working insane hours 
@NKCruiseGrl night girl! I had to be up in less than 4 hours 
@arreola that and the fact that she died just hours later.. she waited 
it took me 3 hours to read through bio once i am so fucked for this exam, going to wake up at like 6 to study all day til 12 
In jamui, bihar right now there has been no electricity for 48 straight hours 
So I had the easiest starting table I have ever had in a tournament, but couldn't make any hands and busted about 5 hours in 
very very sore legs  not good when I'll most likely have to stand/walk for the best part of 8 hours
worktime 
17 hours without nicotine 
hates that she has to work another 7 hours before she can go out!  10 minutes to get ready isn't fair at all....
it's amazing how much i miss my car.  been without him for 12 hours.  wont get him back until tues.  hopefully no later. 
So I'm awake after approx 4.2 hours. =/ And I'm off tomorrow so I can sleep in. But still I wana be awake when there is sum1 to talk to. 
Attempting to take some type of nap b4 I get on this flight in a few hours :/ missing *him* 
just finished 6 hours of radio writing/prod class. I seriously can't come to any 'speaking' engagements now 
i just spent like 3 hours watching TV. not like me, i rather read. but i have nothing to read  so im going to bed. goodnight&lt;3
Wow I'm so glad I came in early to catch the massive demand for the I phone! Now wish I'd had the 3 extra hours in bed! 
I can't sleep. i've been laying in my bed for three hours trying to fall asleep and i can't. ughgoddamnit. 
@philipmcdermott No, we just ended up staring at an empty stage for 2 hours 
#inaperfectworld I wouldn't be sore right now, I'd have a full stomach and I'd have been asleep hours ago 
is officially old. Takes hours to comprehend alay lingo. 
3 hours if Japanese exams today then a 5hour shift at morrisons oh the joys 
has got new found respect for editors and movie makers etc, 6 hours of video to be edited, 4 hours of work, only 1 hour fully edited 
Four hours and fifteen minutes to go at work 
I kind of sucks that I only get paid for every 48 out 60 hours I work 
Visiting hours are over  It was awesome to see the best boyfriend in the world though. You made my day @rosskieswetter (8:05 pm)
i am bored. gotta wake up in 4 hours, geez i feel like there's not enough time lately 
I have training 2 hours away this morning  I have to get my but moving...yikes
@joesabino 6 hours with it in the trailer behind me. 
tired and hungry....2 more hours to go 
4 hours is the minimum amount of sleep needed to hold a coherent thought.   But i'm so damn tired 
Barely slept 3hours and I still came to my doctors appoitment!!! 
Is worried about his shorty haven't talked to her in 12 hours! : @143brooklyn 
Barely slept 3 hours and I still came to my doctors appointment!!! 
@parachoot thank you! I've had my feet up with ubat on it for hours. Long story, when are we going to bump into each other 
Is wondering why the battery on my iphone only lasts about 3 hours max if playing with it!! Its only 6 months old 
is up early, went to get my report card...tired...3 hours of sleep 
my jeans are still wet from the storm 3 hours ago 
just found out how much camping is a nightmare. 2 and a half hours to put up a tent and wind and rain all night  bad times
3gs iphone is here - waiting for activiation - may take up to 48 hours..... 
One dog done. Potentially hours more rain to go 
hmph will not be gettn 3gs- dont have 1.5 hours to wait 
only has 3 more hours to go... and only finished the massive contact sheet 
@samdiazzz yeah my hours of operation are typically 8am until 4am...I require about 4 hours a night for restocking 
I don't understand why I felt so lonely tonight.even I've met him last 4 hours.something wrong with me ?? 
I need a nap but I still have to work for 3 more hours 
blah i'm so tired only two more hours 
CWS got delayed for like 3 hours and it was horrible. I had nothign to watch 
Still at work and it seems like 5 hours have passed since I mentioned the time was crawling yet it's only been an hour! 
almost 4 straight hours of homework...my head is killing me 
i'm going to leave my squishy for 8 hours!!!! 
3 hours no hope 
Still haven't practiced piano...lesson in less than 24 hours 
It's 7:30.  I have 3 hours of overtime. I want to go home 
@JamieLight not yet! But I'm sure they won't make it thru the weekend. I've been cleaning for hours &amp; it feels like I'm only halfway. 
coool, pp is chilling like two hours awayy. awww pooo.. i miss steven. 
@gary_hitchman I was excited too, but she's been up for over 30 hours, he's 2 hours away at a rest stop sleeping 'til tomorrow 
how is it even possible to gain four pounds in one freaking night?  ten hours...four pounds...no, that does not swing well with libby! 
Guess who's phone is finally activated... After 9 hours... I had to call AT&amp;T 
is thinking, in 12 hours i'll be at the airport. this is emotionalllll 
I went from being a ghost to a tomato in a matter of 3 hours. 
I am reaching out for prayers- About four hours ago, I developed a migraine. 
not sure what makes me madder....working 3 hours of unpaid overtime...or jake not shutting the windows when it stormed 
@kimberly_ann really? mine seems to have started about 2 hours ago 
Ugh. Even the most exciting papers get boring after hours of cramming. 
@ilaam I will have to keep my mouth shut for 36 hours. That's very bad 
burning a copy of twilightprob going to take like 9 hours.   
3 long hours until my beautiful wife returns. 
@riandawson we have not been sitting on stickam for hours just to find out your not coming back right?!!   hustlers=dissapointed
@tweetypie08 was without electricity again.. for 6 hours in the night..  not feeling very good.. disturbed..
I hope I can get more than 4 hours of sleep tonight. I feel dead. 
off to bed . . . hopefully, see ya in 8 hours 
Finally free from the craziness of bbb... I wish i didnt have to go back in 8 hours 
i just fell down the stairs a couple hours ago  so scary
done working. 24 hours are never enough... oh boy...  6h45 up again. heheheeh. hasta!
has literally slept the way away, and just woke up again. i only got up for 5 hours :/ i was going to make brownies too .... 
@ct_fan yes, but i slept for only 4 hours againnnnnnnnnnnn 
we're waiting for 3.5 hours, and yet we have not yet started, worse we're waiting for our lunch! grr! 
I am sooo hungry!! 2 hours till my next meal 
... last after hours at the condo on montrose  
After more than 6 hours of nothing but burning my left ear is back to 5/8 
is unfortunatly up, awake an ready to go to work  some1 please rewind the nite, i need a few more hours x
These 16 hours are kicking my butt! I wanna go home but i still have 3 more hours of work left 
I hate just laying here unable 2 sleep for hours on end.  
why won't my feverish body let me sleep in increments longer than four hours  sad panda.
sorry to post so many times but the rally/protest is in four hours......they are armed and waiting #iranelection 
3 hours left to go. I'm pretty exhausted &amp;&amp; I'm pretty positive that my blisters have blisters.   These last 3 hours may be the hardest.
just now going to bed getting 3 or less hours of sleep 
I gotta wake up in less than 4 hours 
Here's a sign that I'm getting old ... I went to bed 3 hours ago and now because it's raining, I can't sleep 
well my day/morning just got worse. Spit out more blood and realized I fucked my tooth up even worse.......and I work in 6 hours 
always an adventure in richmond. i can't sleep for 9 more hours 
back at desk less than 6 hours after I went to bed. This _is_ the life 
Going 2 the lightcity of The Netherlands, we have 2 drive more than 1.5 hours  (jamie lidell comming out the speakers!!)
@thespoiltone - glad to see you back. I'll be up in a cpl hours but not online til around 2a your time. 
I'm already awake!  I slept for like, 6 hours? Is it really weekend, cause I ain't feeling it yet!
Is back online for a few hours. I really want my laptop back up and working. It's physically pains me to not have it 
Wow, only three hours of sleep 
@ScottNicol nice. going to see it sunday myself. antisocial hours at sainsbury's have prevented me thus far 
parents are back in a few hours  wish they werent though!
got less than four hours of sleep 
I seriously hate my bed. I tried sleeping at 10:30 and only got like 2 hours total cuz I kept tossing and turning all night! 
26 hours. No power. 
so tired  stupid opening shifts! I hate them! like 2 hours of sleep.
I am up way too freaking early, I wanted to sleep another 4 or 5 hours 
Just left the hotel. 14 hours through the desert....here we come. 
@dannywood where were u guys last nite?  we waited for 2 1/2 hours 
I &quot;went to sleep&quot; five hours ago. I should not be awake......  mrrrrr.  
took nearly 5 hours get home from race.... gona miss church meeting now and still got 2 hours on the bike to do!!! 
@dennishalifax i'm on my weekend shift.....12 hours of climbing in and out of a 300 degree plus press! 
farewell computer. see you in about 28 hours 
I miss my puppies already   5 more hours of driving.
14 hours of rest and 2 coffees later...  not sleep for me yet
The power was out of 15 hours 
The power was out for 15 hours 
ugh mad tired. i only had 4 hours of sleep. 
damn! got cut off again!!! every time we talk, the phone cuts out after 2 hours! 
I went to sleep, then woke up again a couple of hours later. I hate not seeing her online when I wake up  I miss her 
@xfftl8myheartx brendyn isn't on skype  and he hasnt tweeted for hours
ok im crazy tired now 10 hours working a wedding last night followed by 7 hours working today means i have no feeling in my feet  money...
I want to be a dork and stay on my brand new laptop all day, not go to work for 8-9 hours fml 
I have been doing maths for pretty much 7 hours straight now, my brain is actually hurting 
7 more hours... its raining.... no customers.... 
@mattmaclennan   So 13 hours of sleep didn't take you through it, hunh?   
hit a wall after being up 23 hours 
wish I could nap after only 4 hours of sleep last night  ugh...no time though
lm hiding in the bathroom texting. This graduation party is getting a little boring. It's only been 30 mintues so far! 2 1/2 hours left 
is really upset she missed her ballet class because she couldn't fall asleep last night...woo for going 48 hours on like 8 hours of sleep 
I have to go back at 4                 &amp; listen to him for 2 hours. smone kill me now PLS!
I've been on the internetfor like 3 hours looking for a black jacket, but i haven't found one 
@MaTTiIDa yes. iunno i'm still delirious. i got like 2 hours of sleep leave me alone 
 break over back to work 2 more hours!!
I feel horrid!  being ill sucks! I've slept for like8726462 hours ahhhhhh
i haven't seen jack in 3 hours 
going to work for 10 hours! my thighs &amp; calves hurt!  oh well todays my last day for working long hours!
just woke up after sleeping for 14 hours!!! i truly am sick  well at least sleep will help me get better faster!
i'm cleaning the flat its taking hours 
So over tired! 2 hours of sleep isnt cutting it today twitter land 
I was stuck in traffic for 2 1/2 hours. I was hoping to get a quick nap before I had to sing tonight, but it's looking like a negative!!  
@letmesign  i am driving fifteen hours back to arkansas. 
grrr   ahh mann 6 hours work tomorrow  but off for the next two weekends yay!!!
I'm here, but about to leave for a couple hours...   @NancyinMaine: do we have any scrapbookers around right now?
will rest for 2 more hours. i'm having backaches again  http://plurk.com/p/12j2cp
Two hours later at sprint &amp; my phones worse.  
I've now been up 36 hours straight without sleeping to look after my poorly ferret 
i need sleep, not use to working, really not looking forward to 10 hours shift on monday 
12 hours since i've eaten something 
@CarliElizabeth @SamanthaMicha uhm we all should've road tripped it to dallas? its like 3 hours awayyyy 
@MarieC09 and a pharmacist wont be open for a few hours - 
@easedale shop's closing, I've had about half the hours I used to and now it's our last week so ... I'm poor 
@taylorswift13 how long was the electricity out? the last time that happened here, it was out the whole night for 6 hours 
I need to play back to back dance songs to keep me awake. running on just 4 hours of sleep 
@PJlittleFoot sometimes twitter takes almost two hours to let me back in . 
:| not cool, stacey and ben are in bed, have been for about two hours  and im wide awake, missions tomorrow.
It sucks when you go to sleep feeling crappy and then wake up four hours later feeling 100% crappier AND with a fever.   
I spent three hours at the nails salon!!!!! 
Wow 3 tables in 3 hours  shoot me
I need to get some sleep but after the last few hours at the computer, I don't think my back will let me 
Is it sad that I waited for three hours for him to come online? Because he didn't 
im exhausted &amp; I still have so much to do in the next 24 hours. scratch that- much to do in the next 72 hours  but lifes about to get good
6 hours until kidnapping 
@kacidbrown haha I'm all the way in beaumont! Its like 2 1/2 hours from you 
can't sleep... i gotta be up in four hours. 
holy fuck! I barely got all these texts from people, and they were sent hours ago! wtf?! 
2 hours in a fu***** traffic jam  finally reached my destination .....
up because I couldn't sleep any more - wish I could, 4 hours' actual sleep is not enough 
@thepatbrown I would've been up in mpls in 9 short hours to see u guys leave, but fathers daaaay 
no wsop for moi.  played like 60 hours this week. improved at least (i hope). going to catch up on sleep soon.
Only haveing 4hours of sleep and now at work for 8hours...this will not be a fun day. 
E cig battery only lasts for 4 hours 
At hospital with grandma for her final hours 
good morning every1 .. 3 hours left 2 the 1st exam 
@kelleykakes Tonight alone I had 2 valerian, 3mgs melatonin and 2 calms forte. Two hours ago. 
@whatyouown i never see your texts until theyre awkwardly late. like by two hours. 
Why can't I sleep??? I have to get up in 5 hours and I don't know if I'll even be able to fall asleep before then. 
@fletcherxx We're looking for fans from all over to write about seeing them for the magazine. But our deadline is in about 18 hours  lol x
Too bad you dont realize you are old until midnight becomes three hours past your bedtime... 
I feel like I am dying! I am not even kidding. I have been puking for hours. I am finally done, but only because my stomach is empty! 
I have to wake up in like..5 &amp; 1/2 hours. 
2 hours to go before leaving the south again 
is not looking forward to parting ways with her bed in a mere four hours 
Missing boyfriend  but only a few more hours until I see him!!
editing pictures from the week and cuddling with hub...final hours...sad kendallyn 
I have to be up in 3 hours to bake a cake 
leaving canada in 5 hours time 
suffered two people down with 380 orders in 5 hours  had to stay back an extra hour
day 2 of hangover and 7 hours sleep. 7 hours sleep!!! on a weekend. 
is back to the grindstone for 4 12 hours shifts 
alright. i must sleep now.  this is probably gonna hurt in about three hours. 
I slept like a log ;-)) 11 hours. But my poor back 
was out for the past 10 hours (thanks to a good few pints), missed my 9 mile walk i was looking forward too.. am gawni greet 
my eyes hurt  I have to be up in 3 hours
realy really hates being ignored. for nearly 24 hours! this is not like him. feel shit 
ugh 3 hours of sleep is not enough, and i dont think that i will be able to fall back asleep 
feeling the pain from being on my feet for so many hours 
I got a good 8 hours of sleep last night...then why do I feel like I could sleep for 10 more?  
@PaperGangstahhh I just went out for a few hours and I missed all the fun 
just feel like i didn't sleep for like 100 hours  hate mornings after partying!
been averaging less than 7 hours of sleep per night all week.  not sure if I will get to catch up.  sooooo exhausted.  
new vid up in 6 hours 
wishing i could get some sleep without waking up every two hours!!! no church for me today..my husband goes to work @ 7pm 
currently running possibly teh longest Naxx 10 man ever... 3.5 hours and only half of two wings done 
@JuliaKalisperas  I want to be there, my plane was delayed like 2 hours haha
@vdanen i've still got 15 hours until my taxi comes 
is feeling the hangover...7 hours on 
I would be out spending the day with my dad, but hes working  and only will be home for 4 hours tonight, much of it he has to sleep
Eurgh early break  can't tell myself only 3 hours after lunch
exhausted after 6 hours of lectures  it's time to relax now ;p
ew, being stranded at the library gets old after three hours 
Finnally got off my arse and finnished stripping my bedroom wallpaper. Four hours it took 
just spent like, 3 hours on art homework. D: i still have more to do and 90210 is at 9. 
Is working till 7 and works by herself for the last 3 hours  no fun
@zokathepuppy yeah but its in awhilee, likee in 20 hours 
@hayleighislove I've not but downstairs claires might but defo no full time, everyones hours just been cut loads  but if I did I would!
@DebbieChoi im exactly 47 minutes away from demi and 15 hours away from you 
this week is already killing me after the 7-4 on practically no sleep, two call ins and an already short staff 
ive needed a wee badly for about 2 hours. 
Just soaked my jeans in tea! now I have to carry on wearing them for another 8 hours 
I leave for iona in 4 days 7 hours and 5 minutes ! haha I'm lame I do things countdown style. But i don't have the big clock. 
After working 5 hours on a project at university. i go to bed now. In 6 hours i will have to wake up. 
Gets to sleep in 2 hours extra and I'm still sleepy. 
@BlowhornHulk I know.  I hate it. I have to take every four hours, in addition to two other over the counter meds, and prescribed meds...
is up in 6 hours and 10 minutes...you do the math 
I can't get to sleep  i have to be up in like 6 hours!
I've been on momoy.com for the past 3 hours.. sooo addicting. A girl can dream, can't she?! 
just said goodbye to @bobbyearle and lindsay   i'll be seeing them again in sydney in a few hours, but sad their time here had to end!
@FrankandDerol I can't wait for the premiere! 3 more hours where I am 
I work long hours during the wk. 
Counting down the hours till I get to see HIM. 3/30 am...five hours away.  I should take a nap I think. And I hope I get flowers.
@sparksthetoby if I could be there, I'd totally help. But one: I'm not getting two hours away rn and two: I'm sick rn. 
is spending her last few hours in hawaii 
found out my grandma is at the hospital. I want to visit her so bad but she's 16 hours away from me 
if i could i would sleep for 12 hours straight but nooooo such luck! early morning again. 
@psynister that's kewl... I spent 3+ hours in a 25 Naxx guild run getting killed over and over, not downing even a single boss 
Uhoh my stomach is growling.. 2.5 more hours til lunch 
Overslept 9 hours  now gotta all nighter because of it
@alloboutmee -So what am I supposed to do for a whole 4 days, 12 hours and 10 minutes until you guys return???????????? 
i haven't peed in almost 18 hours. i assume this is a bad thing 
@leighannylupin i just don't like to walk around in really wet clothes for hours.  otherwise, i like water rides fine.
Finally off to bed, up in a few hours though  take it easy you lot, have a good night xx.
@makeuptyrit  me either and the nearest store to me is like 2 hours away 
trying to stop my eyes from overly watering because of onions I peeled over 2 hours ago 
very bummed that my workday is now only half over. 
sick... I hope i get better in less then 24 hours 
I'm so tired  getting only 3 hours of sleep and having to work both jobs sucks!
even though i was just saw you like 10 hours ago, i miss you sooooo much already.        uh oh. the aftermath of the concert begins. :[
5 hours of sleep.... Why is this happening to me 
@aprilpfab FIVE hours?! oh you poor dear! 
got back from window measuring..took a nap...stopping by the office for a few hours tonight 
I just had the worst eye appt ever. It took 2.5 hours and I can barely see to type this out 
@JaneHungOz then came back by 3pm, so, I was sleepin since that xD headache didn't get away even w/3 hours of sleep  :/
just got told that my gma only has hours left. 
@jaeced I'm finally out after 3 hours! I was getting a oil change and brakes! 
@milamilas i just woke up  i took a 3 hours nap.
But it was well good! Alarm clock is set to wake me up in 5 hours.. this exam is not going to go well 
i have headache, i not support today my glasses, im tired of working 14 hours per day, im bored, the computer room... 
less than 24 hours till glastonbury and I have a temperature! and don't feel well... shoddy timing 
waiting in line 2 hours early to see transformers...last night in la 
contemplating going to bed some six hours early due to coughing up ookey stuff and feeling tired and achy. 
I can't sleep normally anymore  I only really get a couple hours now. It sucks
No word from persiankiwi for 13 hours. 
so not looking forward to seeing dentist in a couple of hours. 
no sleep for me the next few days...early mornings 
Trying desperately not to cry from tiredness with no more meetings and three hours until my flight 
got the 3th call in two hours  no breakfast until now
@neggii it gets lamer. I actually switched shifts with this new guy. So if I wouldn't have switched my hours wouldn't have been cut. 
@bazmeister i think it'll be a lonely few hours  hopefully plenty of nerds to keep me entertained aha
5 hours of sleep ... it aint that much 
Just watched all of my tivo in 2 hours, now i have nothing to watch tomoro  lol..
enjoying the last couple of hours with my phone before i gotta shut it off for 6 hours  i'll check in later goodnight twitter-ers lol:p
Definitely ready for some sleep. Today was a very long day. I have to be up in less than 5 hours to serve breakfast in bed. 
I'm ranting cos only one of the Iranians I follow has said anything in the last 12 hours 
@TheFamulus I scoff at midnight. I fell asleep at 7pm! That said, I miss the days of living happily on 4 hours a night 
Working from home = Working until the early hours and weekends 
All nighters are getting old. I am so tired that I honestly feel sick. I have to drive an hour in less than 3 hours  anyone else up??
@vibhy Because it's like... 3hours away from me... i dont knwo how to get there by train, and my 'rents won't let me go without an adult 
is having major withdrawals because vogue forum is down for 15 hours 
Ive only been gone for a couple of hours and i already miss the doppler effect 
I had the worst dreams EVER. attempting to go back to sleep  atleast I have 4 more hours, that makes me feel better.
@ZozeeBo 2 hours on the train  might just leave early? x
handling a 7 hour class with only 3 hours of sleep. 
is up getting ready for class....Functioning off of 2 hours of sleep last night...and about 7 hours of sleep in the past 2 days 
Stressed...another two 14hr workdays coming up 
Is working like 3 billion hours at work over the next few weeks 
Just a few more hours of sleep would be nice. 
delayed flights bite. we are now 1.5 hours behind schedule  boo
four hours of sleep 
@darkcartman: Yes, they're terrible! @jonnyyyyy88: I hope so..it has been almost 24 hours and they hurt very bad! 
woke up after about 3 hours and can't seem to get back to sleep 
Waiting for my flight to tokyo japan. I'm not looking forward 13 hours on my ass 
Two hours of sleep is never fun. 
spent 2 hours taking down baby's braids last night...now my fingers are cramped 
I finally made it to work. 26 hours awake! I didn't have time to get my 5 hour energy drink.  This will not be a good morning!
Only gets four hours of sleep? 
i only had 6 hours of sleep 
Why I get hungry now?? I had dinner 3hours ago 
Studying for 4 hours until 330 in the morning and im up already 
@cogings Ive been in the pharmacy two hours. Not impressed 
I'm soooo tired i only slept like 3 hours and then my dog made me get up now i cant go back to sleep 
6 straight hours of working non-stop! I need sleep... i need alcohol... i need my bed... I need my mom! 
@trellis36 for like 4 hours! lmao 
Isn't night time cold medicine supposed to help you sleep? The one I took had me keep waking up all hours of the night.  tired &amp; still ...
@mahlonlandis  Those are some really long hours, hope you get a break soon. You deserve one. 
Just realized I'm leaving paradise in 48 hours 
4 hours of painting in the hot sun...tired, hungry, headache, showered again, need to do makeup &amp; take girls to dentist in 20 minutes. 
I have nothing to do for 4 hours 
There aren't enough hours in a day-im a sad panda 
working into the wee hours 
@DChetty I feel that way about sleep. What's the point if I am just going to wake up in a few hours anyway! 
Actually I've been sleeping for about 6 hours. Just not been good 6 hours of sleep. I should feel fine. I'm goooood 
@chrislmar well if not sleep you should have stayed -- showers don't take four hours 
i can't wait to go shopping with my best friend!!!!!!  2 hours!!!! YAY!
i got 3 hours of sleep last night. double shot latte and i'm good 
3 hours till uterus eviction 
My mom is 30,000 feet in the air, 500km from !yul (litteraly!) - can't wait to see her in a couple of hours 
@mousehunt maths is hard... good luck with that - I really need to get back to 8 hours sleep a night 
Loves talking to a person for 2 hours straight 
officially involved in the 24 hours of LeMons 
I have a very large, very important academic test in 8 hours and 28 minutes. Then I have a very large, very important desire to let loose 
@amelander 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@joelpiper 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@likealatte 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@BearTwinsMom I agree w/that. I always try to get a few extra hours when I'm sick. Seems to help 
@GardKoizumiArt 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@MrMusselman 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@Nypheria 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@MrMusselman 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@ebaycoach 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@GardKoizumiArt 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@Nypheria 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@rlseymour 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
Brothers' soccer games yes cancelled due to bad weather so I got 3 hours extra sleep!  cha-ching!
@fatherdaddy 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@carlos_barbosa 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@therendy 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@BrokenBritain 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@km3k 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@ellenmh 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@GaryVaughan 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@paulazinha 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@rachelrox97 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@hide_an_seek 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@crazieguy01 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@_DeeJayEss_ 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@MaraBG 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@Turalurah 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@_DeeJayEss_ 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@MaraBG 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@mrjamesstewart not proud of you ! you better sleep 12 hours non stop tonight 
Two hours til john green!!! 
@MrsTad 4hours boom boom  http://www.4hoursmusic.com
@sheephogan Are you kidding?? I got into my stash hours ago! 
hm a nice 3 hour nap! now i am refreshed and ready to conquer the couch for the next 4 hours 
@bookishnerd To try and do both is almost impossible which is why in the first two hours I only read a short story. 
rainy evening...nap turned into 2 1/2 hours 
8 hours to go, thankfully dad brought me dinner 
I'm tired lol 11.5 hours and no break 
@twandaforce i mean, i've been on here on and off (mostly on) for hours!! LOL...if i really think about it, i'll feel like a big loser!! 
vegas bound in 7 hours. 
@IAmYourSailor And think how many hours of the macarena you'll be able to get in 
@peachchild thank you!!!!!!  i can't believe i can't sleep, i think i only slept for 2 hours and now i'm all hyper.
Finaly got a lie-in this morning. A full 11 hours sleep 
Cracking day for walking the dog. And to think i'm planning to spend 2 hours av the movies! 
i'm still sick. slept 2 hours and i feel even worse than yesterday. at least i have tons of ice cream now 
running  on a few hours of sleep.  yay.
@KIMMSMITH  thank you so very much, those take about 51/2 hours  but I love doing it too much, i even dream of beading.lol
@abizboah turns out it was more like 15 hours of play, I overestimated 
off to the gym and then hopefully a solid few hours writing articles 
...off to watch what everyone made in 24 hours 
mmm I get to eat in a few hours 
Is home after 24 hours in shobdon... Shobba-dobba-dob 
@thenewpsies ok i was just about to shower and watch The Hours. let's do the hours so we can spazz later 
It's amazing the difference a shower can make after getting only 3 hours of sleep.  #readathon
Packing to go back to college! need more suitcases  have to take the flipping bus... 4 hours on public transport...sucks
@sugarrae After 16 hours of silence I was getting a 'little' concerned about whether or not you were ok.    Almost called the mounties.
@LindyAnn It's a pretty nice airport really - I've spent lots of hours there 
@AllTheLostOnes yep  3 nights a week, 6 hours a night, 9 dollars an hour
three hours until I get to see this one kid 
and on that note off to work with me...seeya in 4.5 hours! 
just spent about 6 hours solid playing with the litt'luns 
just wasted 2 hours internetting =S  never mind, i don't really care about floodplains... 
i love fixing up my myspace.  up in five hours. awesome.
@MMartin www.atlassian.com/starter - offer opened 2 hours ago, 118 hours to go. So yes, still available 
My exam is 2 hours away going for a walk to relax 
@JesTerro it's worth it for the 72 hours of sets I'm about to have  #asot400
@vagueonthehow 7 hours and 6 minutes until our first flight, yay!!!! 
Only 10 short days until @emmysays and I embark on a 10 hour roadtrip and see wonderful people like @mariaklz and @mariescarsella  
4 hours till the bithday ... aaah I already need to get ready xD it's difficult to use just one hand u.u @moorebeth, will you help me? 
4 hours till the bithday ... aaah I already need to get ready xD it's difficult to use just one arm u.u @moorebeth, will you help me? 
So apparently this bloke is going to travel for two hours so he can meet me. For a walk. 
too nice to be sitting inside waiting for new laptop..... arriving between the hours of 8am to 1pm 
is now officially offline for next 6 hours. going for exam. keep me in prayers. see you twitterland after a while! 
Its time for a good dinner after 2 hours of housework! 
@DarkCookies the drinks were yummy lol.  I needed them tonite. It just felt good to go out for a couple hours
Sleeping. 8 hours of sleep is better than any party I can think of. 2 days till justin comes home 
@brandonmstewart  72nd and the 5 freeway! the drive thru is open 24 hours 
@soundlyawake lol I'll just go back and forth from the main page to yours for a couple hours...would that build it up enough? haha 
done with exams and going home in about 12 hours   apartment in only two weeks! &lt;3
I really have to start sleeping better. I sleep 4 hours a day and remain high functioning.  That's probably an symptom of insanity.
is going to be flying to turkey in a couple of hours 
@tweetles haha i dont get that little sleep anymore. but i did go on 3 hours pretty much regularly for about 3 yrs. i felt fine during it 
Morning everyone!!  4 hours sleep YAY!!!!!! :9
will leave for beati full dawn in a couple of hours 
has just spent the last 2 hours revising, what a good girl i am 
10 hours of sleep. How nice 
12 hours of sleep...delicious 
@nycgrl88 good morning. you were up three hours ago? crazy person 
hellogoodbye will be walking-distance from my house in exactly 8 hours!  too bad I cant go.
I start my morning shift in five hours. So, goodnight 
Supposed to be  getting up in 4 hours.. better hit the sack. It'll be nice to shoot non people shots for an afternoon 
Still can't get back to sleep. I'm not getting up for a couple off hours tho. I love my bed too much 
i've got five hours of sleep ahead of me. 
@onlydanno bloody great, gorgeous morning,  should have another hours worth I reckon 
can barely keep my eyes open getting only 3 hours sleep is not good for you...but had fun anyway 
after 10 hours sleep in my own bed I am back to normal, woohoo! 
ooh 5 hours to go till the biggg surprisse 
this: hours after my first visit! 
just woke up. slept nine hours and i feel alot better 
I left my curlers on for 5 hours! I forgot about it and when i turned them off they were SO HOT!   Oops!     I'm watching twilight again 
must admit, i'm enjoying the pressure of finals week. i always do. oh, lovely exams and papers, so much to do in the next 60 hours. 
almost 37 hours awake. o.o ill go to bed in 30 minutes or so. 
@rachielle nor do i.... just take advangtage of the rest of todays hours 
B's birthday was a blast!!  9 hours of partying and only 2 hours of hangover.  woohoo!!! 
We had a really relaxing evening &amp; drinks with the mestres and the teachers after the event for hours! almost forgot they were mestres 
@shadafuxupbitxh my day is lovely when i got 24 hours without talking to you  ha juuuuust kidding who would i make fun of?
counting down the hours till muffin time 
@MilesForrest If you get 2 spare hours to drive south you can hang out with me 
wow. i should do more with my weekends. i am proud of the 5 hours (straight) i studied today though 
got a whole 13 hours sleep!!! no wonder i was feeling rather grumpy before 
getting rubbed all over rules  making 72 dollars in 4 hours is sweet too!
me and courtney have been videochatting for exactly 10 hours straight. 
@therami well, so are you  but i managed to go to sleep for another couple of hours and wake up again while you're still snoozing 
@steviekaye thats what andy said a few hours ago....I HOPE THEY ACTUALLY ARE 
I'm medal drivin'  home in 3 hours!
Waking up at ungodly hours to go to work is starting to get old but at least the coffee is good 
Waking up at unGodly hours to go to work is starting to get old. At least the coffee is good 
getting nails done!!! how relaxing! benji is only 24 hours away!!!!  
setting business hours! 8am - 6pm, rush jobs will still be considered, but not the norm 
@wendaybird silly wendy. You know I don't speak French  just a few more hours to study before this ride begins!
went swimming with the fam for over 2 hours! we're a little toasty 
spent a few hours being a camera whore with palina 
@MeggieMouse what are you going 40 hours with out? i'd say my computer or my phone but i did that last week and i didnt care at all.. 
says 2 1/2 hours to go, uwian na. . .  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/sun82
that's enough! I'll do nothing for 2 hours. 
i have a degree,bitches!!! moving t o dallas in a few hours 
just finished tlking to laura 2 hours and 7 minutes lol... going to sleep. night ppl 
Home from work. A few hours of sleep then putting some miles on the new bike. 
sleep all day then back at work for another 12 hours of psych nursing 
is trying to make this sunday last 48hours 
13 hours til i'm on a plane. Ahhh yay 
@bimbler had to take a nap, beforehand had only had 2 hours per 40!  i feel much better now 
@sprckt  9 and a harf hours?!  You should rest and relax!! 
omg. such a nice day. just spent two hours taking really random pix 
@Carlkr LOL me to but im in florida ive been up for 2 hours. 
@unicorn23 LOL, I'll end up doing it tonight, just so I can sleep in an extra 2 hours, I'm sure. 
@jameskysonlee Did you get to your destination in less than 5 hours though? 
Getting updates from two hours ago  whoo
heading to bed so i can get up in 3 hours to get ready to fly all day! yeah for me 
@emmajell He fed them, watered them, and made little origami birds with them. Then he slept for 12 hours 
@john7chang T - 15 hours and 24 minutes until take-off!!!!!!!! 
off to the hospital for 4 hours of chair massage....but coffee first 
right off.. to spam hours on my playstation 
@linkdude 3 more hours!  (watch, the game might suck!)... and... who are these random followers? Who are you!?
@jasimmo mines a pint... be there in 3 hours..  
@davenavarro6767 12 hours of sleep! What's that like? 
So tired ready to eat! Another beautiful wedding pulled off by @V3events and myself as assistant  about 4 more hours to go
@jtbateman I get off work in 7 hours.  12 hours of over time.
@BrokePimpStyles I thought @Kellbell68 went to bed hours ago!    She still lurking in Twitterspace??
@bryanupton this one is 24 hours.  I'm in luck.
It is *so* past my bedtime!  I gotta catch a flight in 6 hours! Yikes 
Hours later and I'm still here 
room finally organized  it took 5 hours, 10 rearrangements to be satisfied.
ddrinking ribena epicly delicous. just ate like my third zooper dooper within 2 hours 
24 hours later it is such a privelage to have oxygen in my lungs tonight 
@charley_bum that's a firsttttttttt. even *i* ate dinner hours ago 
I could spend hours at builders warehouse 
check in later going to wake up now c u in bout 2 hours   (L) xxx
Going to my grandparents' be back in a few hours 
Going for a walk  havent slept in like 40 hours
Now 39! Ranking from 10,875 to 51 in 2 hours, now 39 on http://tinyurl.com/q3dpzj ; definitely a blockbusterbook then  #wossybookclub
@melissavaldez *__* two more little hours and I'm on me wayyy 
made it into one of the best choirs in new york!! so excited to get to see tiff in a few hours!!! 
Works nearly done  in 5 hours
walked around valencia for the past two hours.. i love spain! beautiful 
only got 3 hours of sleep....but it was worth it  .....going back to bed until furthur notice.
So excited for tom! I will be done with this marathon in two hours! 
@chelseasek I should be back in a couple hours. 
I love my new apartment...and the fact that there's only like 9 more hours til...... 
@LucasCruikshank mine is going to be 3 hours!!! I dont get y it has 2 be soo long! but have fun and congratulations to her!! 
can't wait until her grounding is over!!!!!!! only 107 more hours! then i got this!! 
Two hours of swimming is enough for anyone me thinks 
Sleeping for 10 hours really eliminates a hangover 
i finally got my 12 hours of sleep 
Watching hairspray  zefron &lt;3 and yay for covering full time hours at the library all week o.o shoot me
@TottyRen haha I don't do that, about to eat meant within the next couple hours 
I just checked online and it is indeed raining for the next 48 hours. L-O-V-E it!  I'm gonna sleep wonderfully.
Shuttin my eyelids...heres to 5 hours of sleep 
@Howardgunn .... middle of nowhere and have to drive far to work for about 2 hours? 
3hours till everyones sitting in a freezing hall doing the maths exam 
@ch1m1changa a few hours more and then chicken rice awaits 
i've watched 50 first dates few hours ago.. it's very funny!! and also very touchin'.. haha.. 
After 12 years, I only have 12 more days left in my carpooling career!  What am I going to do with 2 extra hours in my day 
Feels good &amp; productive to work europe hours... quiet &amp; peaceful at night 
@gregs ha ha... maybe just get a caffeine drip going... I'm not the same man without at least 8 hours sleep... the best of luck to you 
#jpop #jrock #musicmonday been rockin' out to this for hours  http://is.gd/AYri
11 hours until I get to see my sweetheart again 
@gamerbabe360 Thanks!  I should be caught up on sleep, slept about 30+ hours this weekend , but who knows if I would recognize that 
Getting really excited now and risking annoying my colleagues. So what, 4 more hours and I'm off like bad milk 
@LanieFuller heh you were right, i headed back to bed for a few hours and feel much better now 
@lgodbolt I'm so envious! I could definitely use another two hours and a workout this morning. 
only a couple of hours till freedom...my bed is calling me already 
@K1ara In the 5 hours since you posted that I bet you got about 100,000 requests for pix. 
I finally got those 10 hours of sleep I've been wishin for 
finished my timesheet for the weekend.  20 hours overtime not including what i already had or will soon have 
life is about love, last minutes &amp; lost evenings. 
5hours sleep just isn't enough for me....... but yayyyyy its friday 
let there be sims in 4 hours! yay 
just talked to adam for 2 hours from iraq.. so in love 
Getting ready for another 4 hours in the library, then a 3 hour exam (!!!) and then the weekend!! 
moooorning twitids. It's 8.55 only....8 hours and 5 minutes until I can leave work for three day weekend  can't wait.
get to see david in about 2 hours 
@Jordybeans wow done only 39 hours to go.  keep it going strong my dear
@rgoodchild he he he. you better get up and get some food every 24 hours or so... 
6 and half hours to go until a whole week off, good times! 
@dominiccampbell enjoy your flight! You won't be able to tweet for several hours, how will you cope? 
-yawn- 6 more hours until my weekend starts!! 
preparing for worship practice in 1.5 hours time 
webdesigned in 6 hours, nice 
five hours, fourty two minutes, and 9 seconde till the three day weekend starts... but who's counting 
slept like a pig this afternoon! just napped for 4 and an half hours... rested, going out with my mentor to eat crab 
So I have to head off in a few hours. So I will do my follow friday stuff now, and I'll resend it later on 
14 hours till I'm going on holiday 
going into the city with about 4 hours of sleep! 
Just 8 more hours until the long weekend begins  Yay!
... forgot to wear deodorant this morning... it's 2.30 and i think i might get away with it  - 3 hours left
@peachluv I've only had 6 hours of sleep in the last 2 days. So I'm loading up on coffee. How are you? 
didn't sleep at all last night... nerves and excitement i spose. can't wait for this to be begin... 2 hours till we leave 
I wrote 2 songs in 24 hours.  I guess without music, they're just poems, but still.
t minus 3 hours till harbour 
@natalietran i waited for your mum for hours.well worth the wait though 
Meeting @meredithfarmer for a little hike in a couple hours. Always weird/fun when cyberfriends become real! 
ewwww...philosophy....will be over in 2 hours. YES!!!! then bike ride later. 
3 and a half hours til mandatory shut down.  
scratch that part about my room getting clean. spent nearly 4 hours on the phone with Rileeey 
6 hours, SIX HOURS. Theres the same amount put in as there is left. Tensions are riiiiiiiising, as I now get insults thrown at me 
im so making scambled eggs when i get home in 2 hours 
Writing code into the wee hours of the morning - the joys of software development! 
loves catching @sthorwall at odd hours 
in 14 hours and 32 minutes, school's pretty much over 
planning to go down to the closest and largest bookstore to buy a birthday card this evening!  i am sure to spend a good 2-3 hours there!
just auditioned now back to corona...i hate that i drive 2 hours for a 2 minute audition hmmp....pray that i get the part 
@mroth22 Niteynite!! I am going to bed too.  I think I should aim to get more than 4 hours a night if I want to keep my job LOL 
@aristocat123 - i'll follow you when I can.. twitter has given me a limit, but i will add you within 24 hours that I am allowed 
@sidrajalil1132  slept for almost 11 hours and still feeling sleepy
@bradleyjp you're only going to sleep for 4.5 hours? i'd feel sick 
@ddlovato definitely!!! haha you're so cute it's only been like a couple hours 
@Timbit83 ohhh you have less than 8 hours before getting off? yay yay ! 
awake since six o'clock... i had two hours sleep.anyway...going to visit my sweetheart jasmin in hospital 
kayla and I have been talking on the phone for like 3 hours and its 12 but we still dont want to go to be. just like old times 
Six more hours trumps @lamonifinlayson two. I'd rather be in minnesota 
@ktbeeper hey! get some sleep, you need to be up and about in less than 4 hours! 
@ktbeeper rest well! tweet you in a few hours! 
