Most common words for this cluster:
[('house', 333), ('lol', 6), ('amp', 3), ('u', 3), ('apartment', 2), ('d', 2), ('p', 2), ('c', 2), ('jfc', 2), ('k', 2), ('s', 2), ('com', 2)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'house', 0.9999943375587463), (u'houses', 0.7069900035858154), (u'bungalow', 0.687984049320221), (u'apartment', 0.6636420488357544), (u'bedroom', 0.6504298448562622), (u'townhouse', 0.6386814713478088), (u'residence', 0.6202980279922485), (u'mansion', 0.6057831048965454), (u'farmhouse', 0.5858514904975891), (u'duplex', 0.5761147141456604)]





getting ready to clean the house from top to bottom 
i liked kutner  #house
It didn't snow at my house 
Settling the house. 
Not doing aything... cleaning the house... 
I have to clean the house  Hopefully listening to music will make it go by quickly!
I need to clean the house   How boring!
i dont want to move house....  
Sitting bored in my house 
Cleaning house 
@keaneiscool seriously! It's 80+ in my house right now 
@cdrake757 I don't have internet in my house  I'm trying
My house is so far away. 
I don't like being alone in this house.  
is annoyed that there's no more bread in the house! 
@asmaki06 i guess i don't always have fun in the house 
@shabbygeek i haven't been watching house AT ALLLLLLL, i keep missing it 
He leave his house at 2.15 or at 8.15 in here. Huuh, he's more far away from me 
@JeannaMiller no, no house, just went and mowed 
@majm07 at least you're out of the house unlike me 
the closest @dunkindonuts to my house closed and i am just so emotional. 
@latermom What's a clean house?  
Is sad because biffer never wants to come to my house. 
woohoo snowing at my house now!!, not settling though 
in the house like always :I 
My house is finally empty.... 
bummed that i cant leave the house  
My house is distroyed. 
in the house for the nighttt!! 
@kmbuck just hanging out at my house! why was there fireworks? i'm sad that you're gone  and didn't get to see you agaaaiin
just found the house we bid on on an auctino site 
it's so fucking cold in my house. 
waiting for photographer to come to my house now... im soooo sleepy 
I wish I'd win at least 5M so I could buy my own house 
@sallyslytherin you're right, clean house just isn't the same! 
its cold at my house   hopefully it warms up
@mav485 me too, I'm about as musical as a house brick. 
Why does it feel exceptionally cold living in a house as compared to an apartment? 
I have just been told I didn't get the house I wanted to buy 
I'm in the house bored! 
my house is so cooooooold. 
@definatalie I'm sorry  I'm so hormonal, I hated myself and I couldn't leave the house 
@ssmith190194 later ;) I have to clean the house :| I'm never going to get to study! 
really sick. going to lay down for awhile then clean the house 
@RanjeetC  i wish there was a house that was like slytherdor. i would belong to that. can we make that possible?
Feeling much better... But by house is empty and it's quiet  I don't like it.
@labelabel my house, I invited you 
I still seek in my house 
i feel like I'm on house arrest. 
i just fell going into my house.. not fun 
Still havent left the house yet. This is rediculous! REALLY!   S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
Cleaning the house 
@Thequeenoffree i actually need to be cleaning my house 
bored , cleanin the house 
I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house  Is it hot where your at?
It is so miserably hot, the a/c in my house is broken 
@ladyjori whaaaat what about your house? You've been working so hard on it! 
I'm bored and I can't leave my house... 
Cleaning my house 
@CashDolla why are you not at my house right now?.. 
have to clean the house 
selling a house, needing to pack, can't sleep... surfing since 4. 
cleaning the house 
@DaveCoresh your house? 
Really don't feel good!  I REFUSE to leave this house if I dnt want to.
Cleaning the house 
At my house. . .   I hate being alone. . .
house arrest 
Working on the house again. 
sitting at my house being realll bored!!!1 
cleaning around the house!!! suckishh!!! 
i havent left the house 
@DrE_McFLY And im up to...cuz I fell asleep at @highheelznkickz house 
so bored    without lucky, the house is so boring 
alone in the house 
bored in my house!!!... 
@Kynp06 , i wasnt near my phonneee  but you could have called my house lol
I need to get up and clean house!! 
I opened the door and a butterfly flew in my house. 
Cleaning the house 
cleaning the house 
@Abeeliever I am cleaning the house 
Wish i couldve gone to talleys tonight  but no i have to clean house
in my house with xemoxloserx I feel very sick 
at my house really bored 
waiting to go back to the house 
i'm so bored. all alone again in the house. 
i can has cleaning lady? i no want to clean house 
@starrina I will already be 30 when I get my own house! 
I soooo want that house 
Also: Holy crap, the house of @lediva and @usernamenumber is being evicted!  
Going to clean house 
I can't leave my house...but I have to..and since I have to I won't be able to get back in!!!! 
have to clean the house 
byebye bryant house 
@danieldececco It's raining?! It's not raining at my house. 
aw!  not moving into the house next to the Deciccos.   sucks.
@PrettyPaige  I feel you... i loved that house!!! U still in fontana?
My bad not a new house 
I hate it at my house 
no  you have to call my house
Its really freezing in this house. 
@jochie lol I would be happy with 90. This house is cold and it's been mostly under 70 
@taylorbeckett dude robeks is wayyy good  i just dont have one near my house  haha
ugh, it's really hard to sleep with so much noise all around the house. 
@LindiLou1 well I have sneaky fieldmouse in my house that scutters around like an alien in my house 
i dont like them either  they walked onto my garden before and were pointing at my house, they kept pestering us if we wanted our house
just passed a house that had partially burned down 
ready to get out the house! 
My house is so cold 
@Icethevillain yessir! I had a ledo's by my house....until it blew up. 
@AdamTrentMagic  just went to your house. You were not there.  
razhel left my house 
@_huny i will too...here in the house 
@PEAJAI I don't have internet at my house currently 
i miss house 
@dawnykhao   i miss you too  where did you see him! I'm at his old house...
@twilightfairy @gulpanag you two have a house to keep 
Home cleaning the house 
I just want chipotle and my bed  I am never leaving my house again
 i want a house
@ I want a little brother  this house is toooo quiet D:
@Splantiago why not?!!!!   (and I sai &quot;maybe&quot;) I need to get out of my house!
@Hellokitty730 i was supposed to go but i'm stuck in the house 
Not raining at my house! 
I'm alone in my house 
back to slaving away on the house 
@devBear no pic of house.  
@vchat I miss my house and my bed already 
so hot in our house.. 
@lexa6636  same here it's to hot I'm my house !! ;(
Googly bear just left my house   i miss him already. &lt;3
only vegan in the house sometimes 
Cleaning the house 
Cleaning the house 
This kid just came by my house and asked me if i needed my lawn mowed. I said no and now i feel bad  #dfizzy
http://twitpic.com/6umf8 - As close as we could get to the house 
getting ready to go home and clean the house 
moving house..very tiring 
@LekiaLove I guess my house does not count 
just left natalia's house. i miss that beezy already 
is now alone in the house. 
buying a house is stressful 
@polalion then who is going to come my house for mahjong!!! 
 missed out on a great house in a'dam!
@pablowapsi We're in a house, but I'm terribly allergic  
@xianfox I wish our house was sold  .
I am cleaning the house.... 
Just chillin' at the house....bored 
I want to move back into my old house  i hate it here.
painting my house. I love paint but I'm allergic 
can't believe the house is flooded!  this is awful .
Truly do not know why i am still alive..SLEEEP! too bad i have a messy house to clean first 
@StyleWeekly If I have been to your house that would mean I know you and I don't think I do. 
cleaning my house...   not fun...
is over open house already 
I want to leave this house 
http://twitpic.com/7ihgp - I wish quickly was closer to my house 
My house is so cold 
Is about to leave her house... 
Why so much anger at my house? I feel like dying. 
i want play @trishaanyndhita or @aprianiza house. So boring and i feel lonely now 
not stoked to be home right now. @janetbouncer i left your present at your house! 
@TrcyGotSeoul i miss that house 
has a kitten hiding out under her house 
up &amp; at it. hanging out around the house, then work at 5ish 
Really need to clean my house 
Just sitting at the house not wanting to go to work 
im wanting to move house  i want a bigger house
i need to get out of the house.. too much shit is going on.. 
Felling Unloved  and @atilita's house ...
No house will compare to my sweetsprings house. I don't know how I'm supposed to go on 
I'm not ready to move into a new house 
whish I could buy a house 
ugh...a/c is out and it feels better outside than in my house! 
@temptingmama I'm so sorry about your house 
Cleening the house 
sitting in the house  bored 
Cleaning the house  bored!!!!
@_meeks_ i left my house too late to get it. 
vacuuming the house...... 
My house is ssssoooo hot!  blehh
cleaning the house 
workkk  then sarah's house!
@hayleyoneal I'm sorry I stopped by your house. 
it's freezing in my house 
The house is never clean. 
@BradLawless just found out it's not available at my house yet.  
Just moved into a new house!! Still unpacking  !
i'm nippy! i'm that cold  my house is always cold ..
bored @ the house 
is going to buhdie's house soooonies. I WANT FOOOOD  so hungry
@joshmatlock I miss waffle house. 
@iamlittleboots it's too far from my house 
It's so cold in my house! 
in my house 
waiting and waiting for my house to get done 
@PoliBinder u cant?  yees, i guess we'll come to my house :
shutting down and heading to an internetless house 
must. clean. house. But I don't want to! 
Aw I miss my old house 
I don't think I ever want to move out of my house I love it 
I would sleep @ the new house, but my bed hasn't got there yet. soo, I'll be sleeping in hyattsville alone 
house is basically empty 
I'm bummed she's not coming to my house. 
your house? its so far away 
@beezhing yishun! but no, the drilling was happening in my house jfc 
@j_brown_ why don't you come back to my house? i sleep better when you're with me 
@baotaku yishun! but no, the drilling was happening in my house jfc 
@Alpacabuyer no, I'm moving house instead 
@handmadeinpa too bad they won't come to your house 
I'm doing the house of english 
just passed my old house 
locked out of my house 
Looking at my sisters new house... I want to buy a house so bad! 
I guess no trujillo's house 
I'm locked out of my house! 
@Taynted_lyfe That's show banned at our house. I'd try to leave my grandma's house when it came on. It's not like it used to be. 
my house is flooding 
@TaazKareem im trapped in my house! my street is flooded 
house arrest with eliza... 
so tired but most of the house is clean. only sad part is i shampooed the entire house before i realized the machine wasnt working 
Starving! And the only thig to eat in my house is chocolate 
at my house again  
back from clunes  already missing house one! 
is cleaning the house 
just finished vacumming nearly the whole house 
is cleaning the entire house 
@dejashu  I want some, but its all disappeared in my house!
@chrispallett Missed my house too 
I'm so BOREd right now... just sitting in the house all by myself.. 
Y r u cleaning the house you have to go to work! I am sure you didn't help mess it up! 
my house is freezing 
@asweirdasyouare i have to go to christine's open house.  i'll be back around two, though.
My house is so ridiculously hot! 
she's gone.  the house feels more empty than it looks
my house is fucking freezing! 
lovely saturday and i'm stuck in the house!! 
@kkjordan house after, wasn't at those 2 
in the house bored 
so full from pour house 
@TFILS718 it's not my house though 
I wish I could move out of the house now. 
I'm sad that I didn't get to go to his house 
At @emmyissweet 's house. I'm sick 
&amp;morgan finally got so scared of the ghost that we had to leave and sleep at my house 
house hunting 
@eethie we didn't get that house 
getting ready to clean house 
@aarondotjpeg I miss altamonte and my house 
cleaning the house 
There is no jelly in my house... 
@Taats I don't know what ''Whiskas'' is in Polish  But yes  This polish house has the internetz.
ugh! have to clean the house. 
@urtherevolution you could bring it to my house - that's how I lost mine 
Not at my house! 
@Croneandbearit My house was built before closets were invented. 
it always starts raining when I finally decide to get out of the house  I even sorta got dressed up, so I definitely don't want to go out.
I want a crooked house 
@jnicole80  going away party   I just thought you were moving from  one house to another! You're like really moving, LOL!
It's so hottttt in my house  
at @baizomg's house to wake her up to be responsible but the door is locked...now what? 
cleaning the house 
back to square one of house hunting, my fav. house sold 
alone in my house! its so bored! 
just in my house all bored!! 
My house was broken into! 
I am out of the house... 
yeahh, why are you not at my house @jemmika you fail 
@ExclusivelyZAH I know exacly how u feel....  p.s why didn't you come back to my house I was waiting for u.
we didn't end up going.      going 2 brittannie's house soon.
@koreas I'm pretty sure that they're going to auction my house 
is packing up the house 
@huoluohao we didn't get the house  I don't think we'll get one... sighh
cleaning the house  blahhh
Is bored in the house and its started raining 
I need out of this house 
need to clean don't want to clean but need to find my house 
@dougiemcfly  come to my house 
@Lemlina wow, that is very exciting! I would like a house too (we have an apartment) 
@LoveInColor Congrats on the house! 
hanging out at the house...going to hollywwood later on 
Watching house. 
@geekgurly LOL still not at her house I will when I arrive 
in my house and just woke up 
@xmaydayxparade we should all go to my house 
babysitting and were locked out of the house 
@sing2b to a house, to a house!  Hopefully....  
Just tee peeed a house 
Clean my house 
trying to make burgars without burning the house down 
partying it up in a bouncyy house 
At the missis house! Chinesse later  Wheyyy
is about to go to H's house 
@JessicaRose i do  you'd have to call my house though
Finally out of the house 
At @meilani 's house 
just got back from rachael's house 
ah! A clean house...finally, so nice 
finally bought my new house 
@BeateVeronica yay for you getting to leave the house 
@annemul ill go then james house probably 
@Sabatea just arrived at my house 
cleaning done  whole house is shining 
just  chilling at the house 
is at her momsie's house now. 
ahhh !!! heat is over at my house! 
@Upstatemomof3 wow. seriously. my house is still available. 
Clean house 
I think we found the house 
@Ilovepancakes @indygrrrl  are you two in the same house?? 
@YumBlueberries thank you  i can't reply right now because i am going to watch house now.
i kinda like having the house to myself! 
@MiKAELallday LOL don't invite me to your house then  lol
Is going to iron and clean the house. How exciting - I know you are jealous! 
@discotrash once again, come to my house instead 
is moving house 
@ktsummer  That is awesome.  I want nktv at my house.  
got a house viewing 
Ladytsuki is waiting me to go to their house... wahaha.. she loves me soooooo much... 
@fabulousbitch09 we're good  I'm goin to his house right now 
@cwalski other than that, life is good. Just had a house inspection so the house is clean for once 
is at the house 
@EllieVonTainted just moved back into her old house. being here makes me feel like i'm 16 again, haha it's odd. but i love it 
