Most common words for this cluster:
[('house', 1725), ('apartment', 131), ('food', 57), ('home', 50), ('day', 47), ('today', 40), ('night', 38), ('amp', 37), ('lol', 36), ('nothing', 36), ('time', 35), ('houses', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'house', 0.9151164293289185), (u'chilly_INSIDE', 0.6993923187255859), (u'apartment', 0.6708206534385681), (u'bedroom', 0.6703892350196838), (u'houses', 0.6571533679962158), (u'bungalow', 0.6429962515830994), (u'rouse_Koppel', 0.6204164028167725), (u'townhouse', 0.6072695851325989), (u'Roman_candle_Sollie', 0.6026703715324402), (u'Neighbor_Luis_Yanez', 0.598015546798706)]





@akianz renting.. but very cheap renting, and awesome house. We had 3 buying attempts fall through 
I've been stuck in this house for two days 
@djginaturner no le gusta house of house 5 min intro 
and finito! All bathroom contractors been thru the house. Quotes incoming then i need to bite the bullet 
The house is one big mess. Everything is crammed in my bedroom while they do up the other rooms 
Just got back from picking up my parents...goodbye house to myself 
gaaa i want some peace and quiet! hard to find wen living with 6 people living in a small 3 bedroom unit! 
@nickynocky I pay just over a hundred, for me and occasional kids in a house, but not metered. Yours does sound high then 
Surprised how little I miss having a house or car or really any of my other worldly possessions... but I do miss my dog.  
@mellalicious haha no, she isn't here unfortunately  this is the one person in the house who isn't cool.
@wordridden I know! I went and stood on the balcony but it had already moved a few houses further up 
@shazy_s omg that silver bmw jwas outside my house again n when i looked out it drove off!!!  who is this?
@CarlyRush a mile and a half from my house. 
is still so depressed about dr. kutner on house...   whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy him?!
fucking roadworks out the front of our house 
its a little bit chilly in my house which means its freezing outside 
omg...haul tailing out the house, got to my destination   no wallet  
Vacuuming your apartment with a dust buster is not fun. 
i cant even look formy apartment cus those site are also blocked  boo!!
I don't really know what I'm going to do about getting the rest of my stuff out of the house... 
sitting in an apartment in san francisco and wishing i was at home 
@Mothersload it's going to be more of a house cleaning day since it's starting to spit outside a little. 
My upstairs neighbor's kids are so loud. It's lile they have bricks as shoes 
i need some food nothing in the house at all........    .......
So my yard is pretty much flooded right now  and the street in front of my house, man i glad i drive an excursion right now!
Little kids took over bounce house 
babysitting the dog... i can't go anywhere for more than an hour or she could destroy the house 
just back from 3hrs of cleaning at belfast house  . now fed up and hungry!
Is it just me or as soon as it goes past 10 my house gets proper cold 
Helping my dad decorate the inside of his house. I have to go iron 
cleaning up the house-- looks like its going to start raining 
It's very cold in my bedroom! 
ahhhh my desktop is taking forever to turn on again, and my house cams are oooffff 
I haven't been to my house in 3 days. When I just walked in the kitchen I found I left a bunch of fruit out and its covered in mold 
I'm back at the house.   The search was called off.  
Coool The cousins just moved out and I have been cleaning my house since 11:00am  all done so came to say hi
Everyone's at my house. I want to sleep 
Ugh... So many drunk people staying at my house tonight. 
No kids and no husband in the house tonight.  It's been just my animals and myself.  I am very lonely.  I don't like an empty house 
There was a kitty in the parking garage when I got home, but I couldn't get it. I hope it doesn't get run over 
I just found out that toilets in homes can't be moved at all 
@andybanksuk no -it wouldn't fit in the garage 
@stephaniegouws yip, almost everyone in my house have it 
parents coming back tuesday... time to tidy up the house 
Missing my Bunnies since they went for a sleepover with their grammy... the house is sooo quiet without them. 
is in my aunt's house and using her comppy, uuuwwh i wish i could go home now 
feeling exhausted after a morning spent tidying/cleaning the house and there's still so much to do 
finally got my house moved around but i should have never sold my 2nd set of couches 
@hollieleanne @PrincessAymi @AmyleeEdith i go away to clean my house and do dishes, and i come back to being called a fairy! 
Long weekend without tweeting  been busy repainting every room in the house! At least the wife is happy!
my house feels well lonely without my mum 
my fishys have a diesease and are all dying  it's a sad day in the house...
I am dreading that I have to move from this neighborhood since my landlord stopped paying the mortgage and this house is in foreclosure 
it's raining  i was going to take chance for a walk, but not anymore. we're stuck in the house
im cleaning the house 
cleaning out the flood the in my house from my water heater 
is hungry. but there's no food in the house and I'm too lazy to go outside. 
wow, all the kids are gone, only an empty house is left 
Drinking a s0da, god. I feel like a house 
is cleaning house...  http://tinyurl.com/cezk4p
@reallysketchyyy the problem is, I can't say I know how to paint. I had 3 canvases in my house &amp; I forgot I gave them to someone. 
wishing my mom would go grocery shopping...there is no food in this damn house!! 
Does anyone know of a good laundromat near nathan campus or sunny bank plaza? The washing machine at home is broken. 
just realized i missed new episode me desperate house wives. 
Checking out http://www.wallpapersbyartists.com/ - What do you mean I can't wallpaper my rental apartment?? 
the electronics in my house hate me 
@janellecaminker you're so lucky you have air! it's 78 degrees in my house right now and feels no less colder outside 
@brokep when u headin to the big jail house my friend? 
@Foolishoverlord I don't really know how the house selling is going, lots of nibbles but no serious interest at the moment 
I am packing my beautiful house for moving next week. Never again. How much junk do you keep that you never use. 
forgot to place a new order . . . the house is a coffee free zone 
my dream house has a sale pending. 
@simon180 luckily I wear the trousers in my house and, and... I'll ask the boss 
my sister came over to show us pictures of her new house! and tomorrow.. we clean it 
i lost the my house's key....  do u know my keys???
She was 68- that doesn't sound very old to me anymore (I'm 47 eek). Its so dark at her house at night now  I've got to shake it-life haps
@Binit copuldn't get house link on site u told me 
@nimii or houses! 
My house lacks snacks. 
@iainmcooke ha ha none in the house 
There's no breakfast-type food in the house this morning 
@Rutherfordium looks like I'll stop by the house and get a coat then 
@adiemer I heard from the little bird that lives next to me that you were in my living room this weekend and I wasn't there 
there's a skeleton in the house.. of a chicken.  vegetarianism here i come.
@hopefulauthor aww lovely. i would love a little bird house in my garden, but think my cat would see it as lunch 
storms scare me and im all alone in this creepy house 
@DenzelBurks I'm at my peeps house no house phone! 
Missing both of my girls they are on a family retreat. The house feels empty 
Worrying. Like always. It's been a week and we &quot;reserved&quot; the apartment, but haven't been able to contact the landlord 
I'm so going to bed without my waffle house 
I swear there is something in this house that gives me THE worst headaches. 
@edengiver hooked it up with the sushi. Saints &amp; Sinners was fun, now @ home...rather, the boyfriend's house. w/out him. 
can't sleep without anyone in the house. paranoid and scared. 
couldn't break 6m 33s on survival - the light house last night 
Helping my brother move house today and my muscles are already aching before we start 
worker in the house, wonderfull 
@LisaMRandolph we're working on it! we have an accepted offer, the inspection's on monday -- big deal on a house built in '26. no pool. 
helocopter over my house...scaring the cats so they do not eat 
I think the vet has bought a second house with my money 
is wanting to relax but gotta clean my house 
cleaning the house... just cant seem to get my act together and keep writting 
My house back home flooded and we lost a lot.  
steeling ourselves to spend the night in the old house - no mod cons such as internet 
woke up to an empty house...  
I'm so bored! It's a beautiful day where I am and I'm stuck in the house on my own  I think I'll sing to myself 
@creativerachel except house wasn't posted online yet  watched fringe instead.
getting ready to clean some houses 
@deonvozov pointed out that I have wine &amp; jack in the house &amp; no money  LOL
I would love to go back to bed but we have to clean the whole damn house when she gets back 
at andi's house..we wish we were at the clubhouse 
I wish I didn't make eggs for lunch.  The house smells like a giant fart. 
Morning all, up early again, but the house it quiet so i can watch some recorded TV in peace lol, it grey and miserable outside 
@oxchris morning, I thought you said 'cleaning the fluff out of my house' I was confused until I read the tweet again 
I love that the first thing I step barefoot on when I walk into my house is puppy poop..so disgusting..oh and the house smells like it 
@Morrgan better to not have computers in the bedroom than to not have mister morrgans in the bedroom I suppose 
I think it's raining  I need to clean the house, go to the supermarket and to the gym.. trying to avoid the rain... : P
Barely leaving evelyn's house..  so sleepy..
3:30 AM I got locked out of the house   that only happens in the movies
is in the dog house 
working up the energy to clean my messy house 
@saramariexxx i would but i can't get internet on my ipod in my house 
Wants naifffy to cme to my house 
@alisonkrause yeah. She got so used to the yard when I lived in the sorority house I couldn't bring myself to confine her to an apt. 
my brain is all muddled  i dont like it. need to get outta this house immediately!
running some errands and cleaning the house. so not ready to go back to work tomorrow 
I love rainy days but the dogs always poop in the house 
No more walking naked in da house. 
i have the apartment to myself tonight 
I called to the house of my aunt 2 times, it  had to &quot;go&quot; but nothing... They do not answer! 
@socilover dorm=prison. 
Driving my roommate to phoenix, didn't realize last night was our last one sharing a house  i'll miss you
@carocares call my house, my phone died  you know our house number or djs number yeah?
Second night in apartment man when is my bed going to get here  Bed trudging it on the floor for now, furniture shopping. . . next check!
How freakin' long did that take?  I hate the kitchen.  I'm so damn mad from cleaning for so long now.  And the house looks no better 
i'm sad, drove by the old house and someone else was living there...in the room i grew up in   very hard to swallow.
It's lonely in the apartment without @shannonnora 
I'm gonna miss my city and my house 
a house full of people is not conducive to me actually gettin to go home   so i'm in memorial for another night still workin on this paper
@7dlh7  where was he spotted? I was too busy painting the house to go into town...
It's hard living without my sister. This will be the second night in a row we haven't slept at the same house. 
A ghost in the house is never a good thing. Especially when she dislikes other females 
there are no snacks in my house 
someone i knows mom lives across the street from this incident. shes pretty livid, said her house is fallin apart. crazyy 
@nanaykrung it's really horrible.it's a nightmare.twice i had a dream dat my mom died, from an exploding car and a tumbling on-fire house 
Is twittering while I'm locked out if my house, waiting for my roommates to come rescue me 
there was a cat on my fence and i went out to pet it and now it wants in my house. my heart is breaking. its meowing outside. 
is sitting in an empty house all on her own 
@vaginasaurus  I'm still at my parents' house. But I'll be home in like an hour!
fuck. Flooded house. All gone. 
i wanna go to my friend's house. 
house tried to kill chase!!  he's too cute to kill!!
constantly craving savoury when I get home but all I have in the house (that I don't have to prepare) is sweet  wah.
Ive realized the biggest thing I miss about the house so far, is the multiple bathrooms. 
@deacon_mdiv10 you can stop by the house if you want but 1.it's not clean 2.I'm not showered 3. I can't go any where 
Going to the store, no food in the house. 
@outdoorcampus no sidewalks in the country  and I think the ground where I live has so much clay. also my house sits on what used to be
i want another house marathon. too bad i can't, too much work to be done 
Is happy the tree fell at a diagonal and landed on the part of my house my landlord lives in. But now I can only go out the front door 
coming down with whatever's going around the house. It's not very fun. There's at least five of us with it. 
http://twitpic.com/4w17b - today I mourn the little birdy that fell from his nest outside my house    (warning... graphic pucture)
I can hear my neighbors laughing on the balcony and I'm so depressed that I'm in here writing papers.    
On my way to my own house 
has a mouse in our house 
Last day in this chromy house 
At denny's. I wish it was a waffle house 
Drinking house medium - and enjoying it a bit.....what is happening to me? 
There are no more good snake in the house! What to do? What to do? 
@kelleyfrank I didnt get to see u graduated  and the sample cd is in my house so if u want it..tell me ..i will let my roomie let u in
everyone in my house is asleeeeeep so now I'm lonely 
A kitty I'm friends with in my apartment complex has been abandoned by his owner. 
it's weird without @c0urtneycarnag3 here to eat everything in my house at 3 in th emorning 
somethings around my house, too scared to do anything. 
In the future I need roommates who also drink and understand that a pitch black house is fucking hard to navigate when you are drunk. I'm 
I miss the old apartment. 
has eaten everything in her sight and is going to be as big as a house 
Still not asleep :/ stayed up at chris' house keeping him company. I miss him  i want to cuddle and fall asleep 
so i have 2 hours (3 if i push it) to make this house spotless.  who wants to help me?  i didn't think so 
The party is upstairs and guess what.........I'm downstairs! ! ! ! !  
Man I have family from belgium and norcal at my house, &quot;where will I sleep&quot; says the stud muffin who got kicked out of his room 
I want my own apartment, just can't afford it 
yeah, update: willow won lokaal kabaal friday! &amp; right now i'm in a desolated area called 'limburg' at the gf's house. alone! 
does not enjoy living in a messy house or cleaning mess 
@sprinkles_ Next question is: if he has passed away, how to dispose of body?    Kids want to bury in backyard but we are renting house.
Just had a big fight with the one I love.... crying alone in my apartment...   I can be so mean sometimes...
my house is soooo hot god damnn &amp; i need a fag 
i'm convinced this dog is just going to shit inside the house and stank it up until the end of days. 
Stellar visit from the father.... very sad it was so short.    On the plus side...I think I found a new house! 
@wtcc saw your latest vid, boy your house is huge ! but your bedroom (previous vid) looks small and no windows in it ? sad 
@KindNotes @cheeriokeeper I'm craving a milky way LOL.. not sure why but unfortunately no chocolate in the house 
just got back from my aunt's house....now I have some homework to do 
I have rats in my house...  yuk!
is in her house in miami ALONE.  why?
giant microburst  there's a tree laying right next to my house
My house smells like In'N'Out and its makin me hungry 
There was a huge storm in my area that flooded most of my apartment building except my room. But I'll have no power 4 a few days... 
Why is my house so cold?!! 
really need to clean apartment 
Has a lonely house....no cat, no husband..... 
@caparsons I live in a rather small apartment (500 sq ft) so in theory, I should be able to keep it clean. Not really, unfortunately 
i can't believe it. a dog just died front of out house. it's so terrible. 
@fantaszia thanx xuen..but no chocolate in this house.. 
@RossC0 the pool belongs to the house, not our office  ... and right now its under construction &amp; spanish construction times are longer ;)
@dduartej I keep it confined to my room. Not like anyone ever comes to visit me at my house 
@jmo111279 haha, I'm impressed you made it two whole hours!  I can't even make it out of the house.  Everything white I own is stained 
yay!!! i slept pretty good lastnight!!! Now it's time to clean up the house 
Regretting saying yes to a house guest... 
@xanderorion it smells like india in my house 
my apartment is really sad and empty 
alyssa's grad party was real funn, on my way home to an empty house 
@KerriW not sneaky!  tumbledown played 4 miles from my house today.  i was in class 
@carmennc It's in my apartment building though. 
@bigbadb00ty: because having the cake there would ACTUALLY make sense, that's why it was back at the house. She tried to make me feel bad 
got home from the comic book meetup and the people 3 houses down &amp; across the street are having a party ... and we can hear their music. 
helping my sister pack all her things for her new house 
@pluto911  I hope nothing happened to the house!
almost lost cookie on the way to adds house 
nothing in my house to drink but water and milk. am a very unhappy camper right now. 
Note to self: i do not fit in at vallejo house parties 
Just came home to a poor kitty dead on the road in front of my house  too sad... This is why cats should be indoor only in cities!!
@viaBeverly are you guys house spousing? finish my lab for me puhleeeaassee 
@nisaho I think it does. I'm going to my grandfather's house now. :\ got to do this thing laaater. 
me wanting house of harlow  if only i have the money. huhu
didn't even see a trace of garielle in galle  too lazy to have a sleepover at kat's house tonight
staying @ my grandfather's house again, it's so quiet &amp; sad here  &amp; not to mention extremely hott UGHH no normal air conditioning 
once again i wish there was a supermarket closer to my house... or at least on my side of the station 
Morning everyone - bedroom tidying today to get ready for long overdue decorating 
right im off to do some house work  ill be about 20 mins as i done most of it earliar so all ive got to do is do the kitchen and hoover up
@rdelizo35 no  I didn't have time! I rushed outta the house!
@danger_skies i didn't get to visit  i'm gonna visit the house though, whether you want me to or not ;)
@fleurdeleigh yeah no coffee in the house either at walmart 
@aprilyim: i no choice. my mom don't let me keep in my house  at all. that;s y tmrw morning they coming to take. i cannot keep.
around, cleaning the house  ttc.
cleaning my house,, had to many people over last night, my kitchen floor is sticky. 
love being away, out and about listening to everyone talk about their urban lives, sitting in the sun... but miss my house 
just so exhausted from living 
at carwash/oil change...kinda tired but gotta clean my house! 
just bought a bed for my dog at targets!! and some clothes lol. c ya i have to kinda clean the house!! n plan 4 a party!!  bye twitter!
I wish it was like this out side my house  ...sigh http://twitpic.com/5diyc
@qtcld99 we were thinking about u guys in those awful storms...wish I had a bigger house so u could of stayed 
tried to introduce another dog to the house this weekend - hasnt gone well 
cleaning my room yuck! someones coming to look at the house tomorrow 
figures we'd get a huge nighttime quake while half of our lights are out of commission &amp; the whole house is in a crazy disarray. 
@teafaniie AHH i left richard's present at your house. bring tmrw zero period? 
@AlRascala i was supposed to get a laptop at least 2 years ago, we might have to move house soon so we can't afford the extra expense atm 
Security at mansion said no fights tonite  lol
@MelissaMAGICx3 aww I want the new sidekick but I have no idea when it comes out here  plus that network doesn't wrk @ my holiday house
@emmao414 it probably is  I should have checked @weathersplat before leaving the house.
Just burned the base of my steamer so badly I think I may have to throw it away....the house stinks!! 
Feeling a little ill this morning but with everyone out of the house, I'll just have to look after myself 
Cleaning up floods at 4am in your house is not fun 
@ArianneFTSK i know! how many other 8 _ places homes can there be! i hate this topic too 
i hate answering our house phone, random creeps are calling 
Freezing my ass off!! my house is so cold. 
A/C went out at the house   can I come over? lol
*sigh*  woke up at 3:00, house was way too hot, can't get back to sleep now....not fun. 
@thepinkc had to get rid of him per the landlord 
hmm. i have like no food in my house 
Just learned my cute cousin was held in her house by 3 gangsters with knives, they sliced her bf's arm to a pool of blood 2 open the door 
Last day house sitting it was fun  now off to work 
a thief come to my house and took my friend laptop.  bad day.
@TheUXGuy I missed it. Just moved house, no broadband yet 
@jeffw171 pretty good. I got excited b/c the cute house on the end of the block (@ work) is for sale - but it's mad $ for a 1 bedroom.  u?
or like one house, which had a boat on the kerb. unfortunately it wasnt being thrown out 
How the heck did I leave my laptop at my house AND not bring it to work??? 
i think someone's in my house but im afraid to check downstairs..  boo..
G'morning... no coffee in house 
still no heating in my house   im froze
I think I found my next apartment! Now I just have to tell my wonderful landlords that I'm leaving them  I love them 
Really hungry,but there isn't any food in my house 
There better be electricity in my house...ihate when the lights go out 
I hate that there's an icecream van sitting outside my house and tempting my everyday after school 
@maybeshelied I would've kept them if I could, but I just wanted to know they'd get good homes and they'd be safe.  
wonderful, a skunk apparently couldnt hold his stink till he got home and made smellyness outside my house, drifting in the windows 
about to start cleaning the house. some way to spend the weekend 
aah i must go . so bored in this house 
watching cory in the house and being extremly bored I can't sleep which stinks 
has been awake for an hour asw workmen have taken over the house. go away!! i want sleep!! 
don't want to go to my countryside house for the week-end 
1st day in the house since a long long vacation and it turned out so booring... i miss the pool 
is still waiting for news of the house sale....this could go on for weeks! 
is stressed because my double buggy is broken so im stuck in the house  xx
i need to eat you know that feeling when your stomach just hurts but there is nothing veggie in the house  ahhh
upstairs neighbors making sexytime.. 
I was supposed to be going to my nan's house but now i'm not? 
off to nenek's house  bye. Mommmy is a baddy 
I'm goin 2 make my house clean, this isn't hm, I'm depressed, annoyed and really feel like I hate everythin at the mo 
@Richardscot yes but our house is not in a rentable condition an having worked for not much 4 the church 4 couple of yrs can't afford to 
@Emperix There is very little milk left our house  .
Getting the house tidy ready for estate agent 
@mattaiken I doubt it - still in the old house packing stuff  you guys going to the bell?
@brennanAnnie damn.. I already sent an army of fire squirrels riding lightening hedgehogs to burn your house down 
@Galiiit we're doing the castle. 
@fruityalexia u can't imagine how jealous I am of you right now :p I wish I had a fire place at my house 
@HumanCollective we're hoping asap tbh the council will want a family here, we have to stay here coz we're allowed to take the house over 
can't even relax in my own house this afternoon...one look at my mother and she thinks i want to end her. 
@fally87 he's going to try and torch my house down 
@nataliefisher I love junk/antique shopping  and op shopping!  we need to do that when we're next together, if we ever leave the house.
AaahhhhH!!!! last nights kareoke at the house killed my fish!!!  #fb
is thinking if i should party tonight or not. i miss my friends but im lazy to leave my house 
woke up to a house that smelled like delicious baked treats.... no treats 
were getting our house built! but it wont be done for FOUR months 
Tearing my house apart looking for my wallet did not produce the results I would have liked. 
I have an entire 3 bedroom apartment to myself this summer!... but it's gonna get lonely without my roommates around 
loida, jon, &amp; chelsea are leaving my house 
I'm not feel ing good at all. I shouldn't have gone to my friend's house when I knew I was sick 
@mamacoosah minus me, I don't have food at my house 
I have been moving house over these past couple of days with an aggrovated chest from all the dust 
i went all in with a full house of jacks over queens and lost to quad tens  fml
I got a crazy hangover &amp; they're doing repairs in my house WTFFF 
mmm house inspection on the 11th. I've got some cleaning to do 
Stressed over the process of house buying 
I guess I could always make a run to the redbox, then again I refused to leave the house for food 
i have a dream...that one day the internet at my house will not drop unexpectedly off and on causing me headaches... 
I have one empty apartment!  
@butterflyb see that you'll be at hotel cafe in june...will be visiting L.A. in july...will barely miss seeing one of your shows 
I miss our house panther sleeping with us.  
my left arm is still painful but i have to do house chores later 
bored, watching the simpsons in bed, and being alone in this house scares me 
is waaay pissed at the real estate agent who didn't bother to show up at an open house 2day &amp; not even call!!! ....faaaark!! 
9:57 GoodMoring ;) I want to go to my friend's house today to solace with @MooNooH ,, 
people in my house do not know how to close doors 
My children have promised me birthday brekkie in bed. There's a problem with that in that there's bugger all food in the house 
Its weird being at the guy's house without them here. I don't like it 
sad that will have to leave my beautiful apartment 
Oh dear. Travellers moved onto land very near my house. They always leave a bloody mess and council take a year b 4 they clean it up 
princess_I have to pack up my house today.. ButIneedhelp 
i should of gone to kirsty's for the night, anything to get out of the house 
after show at our house rocked! saying goodbye soon 
@woodywoodford unfortunately I didn't leave the house in time 
at work  then back to my baby's house 
one of the estate agents next door just caught me singing along to wham 
Finally left the house! It's gloomy outside. 
I gave my brother a hug good-bye.. as he took a load of furniture away from the house. He took the mattress I like 
i just saw a pony that used to live in front of my house again. he's developed cushing's disease tho 
@meerasapra seriously.. it used to spend most of the time in my house..  
there's a guy in my house so i can't go downstairs with no pants 
i have a empty house and no ine to share it with 
my family went to the beach while i was at the pool with a friend and now i am stuck in the house till they get back.  
@HottSnowflake never.  smh, I don't own flats  lol
Sleeping over my cousin's house for the weekend. Bugzy 
@eogasawa psh... I'm not cool enough to go to their open-houses. 
I am so jelz. I want a house. &gt; 
@OMS_AOP It has moved away from my house and must have found its way to yours 
Note to self: don't wear steel toes to the court house, I'm just sayin 
@RyanSmithLLC you didn't say you were leaving yesterday! You won't see me at the house anymore once you get back... tear tear 
Yes we had four gas leaks in our house in the 3 yrs we lived here- that's what u get for buyin an old house 
@Littleradge shit your in trouble now  why don't you try with one of those companys that buys your house for you
there is absolutely nothing to eat in my house... epic fail 
false alarm on the house 
I think i may have found my next apartment. Just one downfall.  
Why do my friends feel as though they don't need to bring gifts to my house warming...A mess 
I have ants in my apartment 
bbq was great... just relaxing around the house!  dont wanna leave my city but have to tomorrow... got to clean the house when i get back 
@XxHollyJoannexX im home alone in the house and imma scared  x
The icecream truck never comes to my house 
@allcash4homes me too 
@dressjunkie don't i know it! i live in the middle of nowhere, my house is spider central 
not a very good day at the house 
so much for getting $8000 for buying a house  this year...its only for those who haven't owned a home within the past 3 yrs 
ughhh so wanted 2 sleep ova mistress house 
just turned in my dekalb apartment keys 
Going to travis burkes house in bfe!  gay!
so tired i need to go to sleep.......but there are to many people in my house 
http://twitpic.com/687yz - @OrangeGene I wish! We live in a 620 sq apartment  One day soon we'll have space I hope. I heard the word d ...
I ask b/c we are pretty sure we are putting our house on the market asap for that reason, we are being chased out of our home 
@Franseisure but the buses to your house are so far apart..and then I have to walk further... 
@selenagomez I went to the house where you were filming but they said you weren't there anymore, and i had an awesome card for you!  ahaha
Packing up my apartment 
Lazing around the house is so fun if you actually have something to entertain yourself with...  haha soooo bored ryt now...
is still at tino's house, but velia just left 
i missed ana's birthday party just so i can NOT get my apartment and sit at home and sort. 
helping graham pack up his house for the next week...not exactly excited about it 
I guess ill be in the house tonight 
thats it........im making an extension to this house.....if we can afford timber......i'll cut my own.......goodbye childhood tree...... 
I love my house, I love my yard, but if the past month is any indication of the future of my neighborhood, moving is an option. 
I HATE being in my house without my hubby! 
i hate knowing strays are out there. it makes me wanna take them in and house them all 
the house feels so empty without my love sleeping next to me. 
wishing I could see the fireworks from my house 
Just woke the house up with music and flowers. For some reason it didn't go down too well 
@deergirl Jealous, I am staaaaaarving and I have no food in this house 
It's really uncomfortable to be in my soon to be ex house right now. Most of the furniture is gone and there's boxes everywhere. 
@ZaleryGreen can see a star through my blinds in my room, i can ussually see the moon but i think its over the house already 
It's farking hot outside the house and heaty inside. I'm falling sick 
the whole house smells of ham! i feel so clean and almost reached my goal but then realised i cant read  also my face is beaming :|:|
My house cat has disappeared. 
No food in the house im going to die!! 
@Liaccessories well I was to meet wit my real estate agent to look at some midtown homes but he pissed me off any got fired! 
Trying to get out of the house to go see the triathalon: not happening. 
@davekeen69 there were only two houses... It was sad 
@MusicIsHealthy if I wasn't so hungry, I'd in bed all day, but... nah, don't have food in the house 
@MusicIsHealthy if I wasn't so hungry, I'd stay in bed all day, but... nah, don't have food in the house 
woke up earlier than i wanted to.  now i must clean the house 
the sun is shining and im stuck in the house 
@tardisgrl I will check it out....but, I need to vacuum the house first. 
We have no fruit in the house. 
@kelbrad  we had a w/d at our beach house, too; but with 15 people staying there, it was never free.  
not happy about go house viewing with my brother- we dont look alike so they assumed 'couple' and mention kiddie parks when looking at me 
i think theres a party in my house, and the spiders didnt invite me 
Huge party at my house tn... except .. that ... it's my parents throwing it. aw.......................... 
@Rockergirl75 I cant argue with him if he does, its his house and i havent got a good reason to stay  other than i dont wanna leave!
best buy. it's too early for me to be out of the house 
We just sold our old house!  And subsequently received a notice of the new mortgage rate on it: 3.25%... 
is watchin movers pack up my house 
Wishes the dog's sad face didn't make me feel so guilty every time I left the house 
@vprincess I might not be able to see it right away!  I am going to my aunt's house! I've been waiting so I'll try to see it right away!
@sue999 Couldn't go in the end - had to drive up to chippenham to view houses with parentals. 
I need to pack and move the rest of my apartment into my new condo 
@jaymes - i came alllll the way to your house, knocked on the door, and apparently you weren't home?  Or you didn't want to see me? ;)
cleaning the apartment 
My house dose not feel like my house anymore 
house cleaning day. 
@edapalooza it's probably a bit of both. its sad  I know for a fact there are two little kids in that house under 6yrs old.
In vegas for animal collective at the house of blues.  no cameras allowed 
i'm so bored and my house feels so empty. 
everyones outta the house except me and the dogs...oh whatever will i do today? 
My parents &amp; bros. went to the mall without me &amp; im here at my house all alone  I wanna go shopping!!! :*(
@vaughnchicago i'm not leaving the house. eff this day. 
just sold two bookcases...my apartment is looking very empty 
frida! can't talk to you =/. what a hell, i can't see you here  . remember rodolfo's house at 3 ;)
@RebekahHarriman and the kids have been gone a day and the house is all empty without them. How sad 
77 degrees in my house :o i think my bee is dying 
watching house without roommate is just not the same!! 
I really dnt want them to sell this house 
There are gnats in my house. How do I get rid of them? 
party and travis's house tonight. hope it doesn't pour on us. mud = me NOT a happy camper 
@Rocks4Ever treated like im 6 sumtimes.wot my dad says is law in our house. 
He got me ridin past his bitches' house 
this is why i wish i had a house. i just had to tell zach that he couldnt have a free black lab 
@xcornejo   Its cold as hell in this house, I cant find my jacket though 
@gabboucla awe i would totally come meet you since your near my house but im at work 
My apartment is never going to be ready 
ANother lonely weekend with no food in the house 
@megaaanftw its not im used to living in a house that is usually full of people i hate being alone ! 
Semiannual yard/house cleaning day. How's that for boring? And its for a party that @mikevsshark and i aren't even invited to. 
For gods sake! It's like living in halls again. just about to go to sleep and a firealarm goes off in the building! No impressed 
My mom is visiting me. She is cleaning my house 
headache  service hours are tiring. resting for a few then heading over to lizzard's house. bonfire and moviee!
My apartment is flooding.  
@tameraclark Next time you're over at my house, grab the grill brush/charcoal herder. I sorta need that thing 
so many new supplies to play with. but this house won't clean itself 
@lalumiah and plus there's a real estate agent coming tomorrow that's looking at our house 
hate bein in the house on my own 
@AlehM ahnem  prefiro house e grey's anatomy!
@MyInnerJules worked on the house as much as I could..but thats all 
bored, sitting around the house, nothing to do, I wanna see me babe 
Some lady just flicked me off while driving when I was 10 feet from my house 
Seeing Cats again at 7... but was abandoned at home for dinner, with nothing in the house  what's a poor girl to do.
@XIIISlaughters @jckskelton haha. nothing to eat at the house. at all. 
becca's house. I haven't been there in weeks 
Sitting at my parents' house with a fractured foot.. Ouchhh 
@Dysarrae yeah, but ever since i lost the plug, i just want to sleep. I still have so ouch to do around the house too. 
@ my new house in escondido unpacking 
Sitting n the car n the garage locked outside of the house with the kids, my wi-fi is down and the wife is an hr away.Sucks to be me 
I hate empty houses...    I also hate not-empty houses...hmm...do I just hate houses in general?  hmm...
@hannie_k haha I lost it in front of your old house 
ehhhh watching house with my mom and my headache is back and very very baddd 
Spendin the night in the house. No transportation to go anywhere. 
soooo i'm sitting here... wanting to just drive around just to get out the house... But I don't have anybody to go see.... 
I wish I wasn't stuck in the house tonight. I just have so much to do 
I think all of my supervisors are having a mad orgy from the noises in the apartment down the hall 
i hate when i'm stuck in the house against my will.  i feel lonely now.
@britdeezy I hungry  no food in the new house!
sittin at my house with the family waitin to get an update on my aunt&quot;s condition   
Omgosh.a little 4 yr old girl fell out of a 3rd story window at a hotel right around from my house! Awww im praying for her. 
@lakers0604 sigh  I want to go to the parade! If I can miraculously win the lottery and buy a house here, or if T kidnaps me
at my house watch princess diaries with sadie.. wishing I was at metroplex.. 
@alitasiks no it's not a sin. too bad i cant go outside the house 
i just woke up and all the lights were still on, and my house is 65 degrees 
is fed up, the weathers blazing and i'm stuck in the house 
@loopylou15 yep, very funyyyyyyyy (:. i really need to do something, i  seriously cant be in the house when its like this outside 
Sitting here....can't sleep....really sad about the new house that everyone likes but me.  
I don't want to have a barbeque today. I don't like them. Especially at my house. And I don't feel like being sociable. 
@lydkwan house chores. 
@dYWibisono, but unfortunately my house's area doesn't reach the signal of the first media  so ?...
@thenoodleknight want to go for a walk right now?! ive lost your house number!  xx
there is no food in the house. 
Just  woke up at debra's house. A cat got eaten. 
Where is everybody?! The lights are on. Sucks to come back without house keys. 
I could not sleep!! party to the front of my house and my cousin decided to sleep with me and she moved as tazmania for the bed 
@bleujean82 highly allergic to cigarette smoke at my parents' house  other than that I guess I'm good? jetlagged as a mutha though
Why am I up? and theres wayyyy to much food in my house 
done painting 6 of 12 windows and the shed - soon to paint the whole house 1 more time 
So strange...living in the new house....I should treat it like a vacation but well never go home 
Trying to motivate my self to clean hot tub put out garden furniture and clean up the house!!! Looks like someone broke in 
i am going to go to my boyfriend's house and then i am going to study .    the second part SUCKS!
@karenhorns I need to look for an apartment. 
just woke up. tired. haha. my house has no cereal. 
is packing up for 2 weeks of house sitting 
Seirosuly 2 hours to go to a mall is a littttle intense buut its the closest mall to my mom house 
I have the house cleaned to the stage where I can now ask people over.  Some spiders did die in the process though 
@rynia Aww man, the house is too far for me to go down and nibble on your pistachios. 
is feeling lazy but really wants to get out of the house... unfortunately it's overcast and chilly outside 
@annamc28 i know. the sad thing is that since i bought this house i also work on the weekends 
I really need to go finish up my apartment...but I don't want to! 
everyone is being very loud in my house...... 
I hope my flight is delayed ... I left my house late. I really don't want to go. I'm going to miss my babies  
I going to get a chicken sandwich and go be sick at my mama's house. 
@talljules Just that people have looked at my house and don't like it.  And, the loft issue with the short sale 
I can't wait to be rich so I can buy myself a house with a nice/big closet so I can fit all my stuff... 
@newflava2 that is right around the corner from my house too...  i hope you have fun tell me how it is!!
just got out of my aunt's house couldn't tweet because I had no service  but I have service now  listening to @mileycyrus in the car.
@RobKardashian beautiful in miami? it is raining by my house 
Feeling blue...stuck in house. I really dislike Sundays 
I'm already sweating from all this moving... All the moving of stuff from the house to the garage...not even into the apartment. Yay? 
@rossja So the mansion is a bust?  
@BonnieShae no  selling a house in another state that no longer has renters.
i wanna go to sophia's house and sit on her roof. mine sucks 
In 12 days I can run around in my house totaly naked again....yeah! but when I'll look outside my window it's probably going to rain. 
cancelled sidekick's house  just one hour and half?
Going to bed to get my 8 hour sleep, have to be fit for painting the house and acctually running som K's! I hate going to bed so early! 
@peacelovekelly i cant fucking watch it  mtv is blocked at my house now!
@21t did my #30minmeditation ... the house was loud though  but slowly I get back into it easy... meditation too needs training!
gets to see if he gets kicked out of his house tday  just wants to stay home and watch ellen and the view fml !
i'm sleepy. and its soooo hot in my house. 
so excited for my new apartment... not looking forward to packing 
@kimbigevil i deleted &amp; banned the enemy GodVIAGRA from the forum. i am at my parents' house on an old windows pc. i forgot my blackberry 
the house is so quiet now with all the cousins gone 
@winnits But I like clean houses 
sitting in a penthouse apartment in dublin. its kind of fabulous but i miss the tiny comforts of clapham common. 
kookies i cant go to your house maybe next timee  
Officially out of the apartment... 
The starbucks near my house is now closed 
I'm nervous. There are big changes happening at our house and I don't feel comfortable with them.  Why is it so hard to make a living?
@lexylove i'm doing great! i can barely ever get on the internet, because we only have dial-up at my house.    how are you?
@vanialopez if they had a picadillo candle I would totally buy it so my house could smell like it all the time. haha aw I miss home. 
just walked in the house. just in time for the hills finale!! no more lc 
is wishing he brought his guitar with him to his parents' house 
@kianaWHAAT domino's is like the midpoint of both of our houses lol 
@LoBosworth lo, sad u &amp; lauren moved out of the house  hills finale was great though, love u guys xoxo
Losing another neighbor to the war against the new landlord... she's had enough and is moving. Damnit! 2 units now vacant.  
@Capisha nooo  I don't have cable in the new house yet I gotta call the landlord how is ittt???
@redheron http://twitpic.com/6djvd  missed our house by only a leeetle bit. 
I get moved into my new house tomorrow. 
Does anyone know if real estate agents help you find apartments or condos to rent? I am having 0 luck on my own 
@Bcolorful I feel so left out.  what's going on next week?? I'm just going to post up on your block and follow aury n joel to ur house
is trying my best to be motivated...It's so darn hard to do when you have an entire house full of stacks of clothes 
at my house with chris,couldn't help him with his project 
kiickN iit @ ta giirl tiia house..... ant got shiit 2 do 
i want my quiet house back. 
crashing benj's house and watching the nadal-soderling replay 
@NiftyKnits aw no  house and heroes are the only shows i am fussy about spoilers.
Nets out again and my house is creeping me out. 
feels very alone in a house full of kids - missing @garyniemi very much at the mo 
is so so sad that a good friend's house was gutted down by fire yday.........  http://plurk.com/p/xkqi5
I lost my ring!!! I am sure it is somewhere in this house! I want it back 
Moving house sucks, especially when your ex-housemates leave you with all the heavy cleaning 
just did the kid n play by self in my kitchen saying &quot;i say waffle you say house waffle house waffle house&quot; 
is deprived off internet since moving into the new house..... 
just realised he was out of the glass house... I miss that show  #gnw
@evaangelinaxxx sorry your neighbors are being noisy  you could be my roomie in atl .. its quiet @ my house !
found a dead mouse in her apartment balcony this morning and it took almost 1 hour for the housekeeping to come 
stupid annoying kids playing around and making noises outside our house!! i really want to move! 
Definitely can't find my keys. They are in this house...somewhere 
Going to go to @kathryn_green_x 's house! Revision timee! 
one day in my new house and my powerchord for my laptop dies  and it's not untill July before the one i ordered will be delivered! #twoosh
did I mention that I missed the 'piss your pants' scene and the good old traditional chainsaw in the 'last house...' remake? 
@dwprincessmoni we dnt have a waffle house 
Looking for flats online is harder than it seems 
@ecualibrium  no more miller ale house or hooter dates :'-(
i cannot believe there is no pie left in the house. 
house is a mess and I have NO energy to clean it 
@dawnmay7 Amen, I love house.  All of my fav shows have ended  it's alright though.
I take care of the classroom so much, my house gets neglected... 
couldnt sleep this morning because it sounded like my house was exploding... damn construction! 
My dog destroyed  my house 
I left the house kinda early and I'm still late, and I'm sick 
Going to h and c to see if they have my house keys 
I am so sad right now. @HTST just left and the house just feels so empty! I'll miss u roomie 
Working around the house like a madman. Nothing like a week off 2 motivate the fixing and cleaning of the house. 2 bad vacation is ending 
it's the first of june, my house is feezing and i'm lying in bed sick 
and the house hunt begins again 
just woke up...have to do final cleaning on the harveston house  ima miss it.
note to self: you can't make a wildcat a house cat  and you can't turn shit to diamonds.
SO cold. can't think straight with the glaze fumes all over the house. I feel a headache coming on... 
doesnt have internet in her new apartment 
@MamsTaylor sounds nice! I cant leave the house due to stupid sunburn  *cries alot*
in the garden yesterday having a drink with everyone round. until we wer told to fuck off into the house by my next door neighbour at 12 
The new apartment is amazing, minus the fact that we're still sleeping on the floor 
@PinkLightning_  We should go to her house and shoot here  She lives on my street 
just gave my notice to vacate my apartment 
Watching Charmed and cleaning house 
Aw there's a poor little kitty stuck under my neighbor's porch, and he's crying. 
cleaning house &amp; preparing for sissay's graduation 
Really upset im prolly not going to get my house that I wanted 
i'm going to miss this house. 
air conditioning at my house is being really dumb 
out of dr pepper.  but i still has minstels!  just need a bedroom in a polly pocket house, cash cash and nasty nate.
cleaning the house, going to the store, then watching a movie with the sister.  I'll miss these times. 
started cleaning out our garage  we have so much stuff.
http://twitpic.com/6fgrh - Last time our cars will be here...ughhh...miss my house 
@sbarksdale2 so I walk into my house all excited cuz it's clean and smelling good....then I got 2 my room 
I'm so hungry and there is no food in the house! 
My cat killed a bird today...he brought it in the house...he put it in my room 
So tired! The last thing i want to do now is finish cleaning my house 
Someone come get me out of my house 
The family dragged me out of the house and we ended up at red lobster, nd I came with no make up nd wet hair  not pretty....
is sad. The house she wanted is no longer for sale. 
princess_I have to pack up my house today.. ButIneedhelp 
During my walk I walked by an unknown neighbor getting n his car  &amp; he said he was depressed &amp; didn't live there anymore (at his house) 
I lost my house...hence the panicing 
@thebigsheepman I lost my house...hence the panicing 
Burning uncle skeezers belongings I can not believe his little mud house is going to be empty 
@Whereismyrobot could be worse...it could have come out of the other end of the cat, a regular occurrence at my house 
 bored..i've sat inside this house the past 2 days...sucky
@trevorjames And I have arrived home exhausted to an upstairs neighbor house party.   
in the neg. column for our new apartment- apparently can't have verizon cable. = no rtp. 
I'm hungry, but there's nothing small-ish to eat in the house 
strange noises in my house  but the pooches didnt budge... so i guess i can chill.
@sasbel i know  it was a present from my parents for my 21st, hopefully i can find it somewhere around the house!
Chilling out after the house group - short night ahead 
1 hour and 45 mins 'til we're finally at jake's grandparents' house in colorado. I don't feel well  http://myloc.me/2l7c
getting ready to sleep in the living room.. a/c on my side of the house is broken. 
@roxettehowe i'm not sure... if my foot is better by then... I want to go watch though, but idk if i can since it's far from my house  i
had a good day but still trying to find a house 
@Elenasaidwhat well then said elf must quit stealing my old school ipods and move on to the next house down the street 
is really hot... meaning the temp. in the house is too high for me to sleep! 
@mikesage86 yeh..  got any ideas? traveling not so much, right now im more so just saving 4 a deposit on a house.. lol i am very basic!!
I just discovered I left my favorite headband at my apartment. I might cry. 
@lisam75 same here! i never sat in it but was constantly in and out of house yet my shoulders got burnt 
@ruch I visited few houses last fall and was surprised to see a lot of broken heart/families/relationship. it was terrible. can't imagine 
F**k! one of the best apartments in bcn just got taken... 
is so sad I cant bring my little kitty to my new house 
@fiercemichi we really are hehe..i lost my wallet..its in the house..but where!!..i need it,cuz mum stole muni frm it 
The computer in my house is out of order. 
@rosie61 still unpacking . . . it's very difficult getting your belongings from a three bedroom house into one room!    but my friends
About to leave the house! I am extra tired for some reason!   :0
fml i have to leave my house @ 7:35 so i can get to class by 10... 
@oliviakateslack    i've just moved house and haven't got sky right now so couldn't watch. gutted  x
there are no quick easy snacks in my house! 
in my house now..school opens on 3rd june..missing abu dhabi a lot...  ):
@shustonphotos It's raining now. I keep waiting for the creek behind my house to clear up so I can fish it, but it looks like 2 weeks+ 
@laurenzettler i don't even have $5k to move out of my own house... so I can't donate it to anyone else! sorry 
@CHRISDJMOYLES sat in my drive.....house west facing no sun here either 
ooo a 15 year old girl got hit by a car last night, near my house, and I'm wondering if I knew her  They are not releasing her name yet.
I finally reached my house!. school drains me much 
Incase you couldn't tell, my house was robbed 2 weeks ago. I miss my computer. 
@Suzemart ahh that does suck so your literally going to run into your house, change and walk to work. 
I'm totally stressed!! No unemployment check coming in no food in the house! and checks are bouncing 
cookies! mmm...i think i've got to clean the house today.  boring.
didn't get the house. they took someone else's offer.  back to square 1
i dont get why if the wireless i use is my own house and yet i keep getting cut off 
I have a ghost in the house 
this tea tastes like my grandma's house 
saaadd.. my grandma doesn't read the message and she pick me up from pauli's house 3 hours before!!  really sad
I'm baaaack !! the movie is not working  now i'm watching house m.d.
@TomikaSkanes lol!  I've been telling everyone once I purchase my house the doors are open!  ;)  I live six hours away though!  
~Mve been trying to clean my house, but it's so intimidating... And it looks s if I've done nothing. 
On my way to pick someone so we can go for a house party I'm not interested in!!! 
sittinq in the apartment all by myself.. 
instead of house arrest....exam arrest  
And I have no power at my house due to the storm 
I seriously think my house is haunted :S im proper scared right now 
@m_callahan I totally understand you, a dr just came to my house 
my neighbors house was just on fire! i feel horrible, it's almost completely gone 
the worst tension in my house. 
just went swimming back at the house...thunder storm... 
omg i feel soo bad my neighbor lost her cat and her house is along the woodss say a pray that he comes homee  
At granny goose's house. eh 
my parents' house keeps making me sneeze 
my house got cleaned today.. all my stuff got moved around and half of my vicks vapors are gone 
I have no food at the house  so sad
Just finished this massive clean up of the whole house. Its sunny out &amp; its proably like 2 degrees 
Wants out of this house 
I got a parking ticket and I was parked in front of my house 
just got home and found random sunflower seeds on my floor that arent mine! um i really need to quit giving away keys to my apartment 
Just walked in and Its hot as ballz in my apartment 
http://twitpic.com/6im7o - the dog that came to our house. i wasnt aloud to keep him  he didnt have an owner eiter
@rjamestaylor was always out  Threre was none at the house
@kookaracha lol i heard he had to sell his house  maybe he can buy one from sams club. fisher price styles.
@BeckyLou2 duuuuude mum had that birthing house book, I'm on chapter 5 and I got scared shitless last night then I was reading 
My poor dog ran inside the house to get some shelter.. 
@EETWiz i cannot sleep...combination of travelling and coming home to an empty house 
Depressed at the thought of chores at parent's house. 
@dobx I forgot, but I was murdered in our old house at T.E.G. bldg. I hate these nightmares. 
is out of bed due 2 bumble bee in bedroom 
at sevy's house..cant find the remote 
@dan759 come to my house put me in a car an put me into the hospital 
its soooooooo muggy out and my mil cleaned our house and lost my umbrella. 
you all shouldn't be allowed to use twitter. and why is it lightening by my house 
P.s there's a very weird/loud rumbling outside my house..its freaking me out gotta pray a hedge of protection over my house 
just broke 4 bowls from the old house 
Why do I always crave food which isn't in the house? It's annoying 
@unitechy hehe well that's life! you can atleast afford to buy yourself a house once you start working 
@SchofieldSarah i meant to say i did try and get some for friends but to no avail! house is pissing me off now! 
....me and my mum just drove past it and it's like fifteen minutes from my house.. the world gets smaller as i get older 
this lightening is intense. it's shaking the whole house. 
found a spider in the house. i'm scared and can't sleep 
is not going to @tnmestaka 's house cause she's busy with college apps 
@jodiem i wish i was in my house tweeting or doing anything else but working 
Chilling in house bored  dreading chemistry tomorrow
damn, I need chocolate and I'm pretty sure there's none in the house 
I am seriously considering getting my cats kitty sleeping pills. They stay up all night fighting &amp; keep me &amp; my downstairs neighbor up 
@mtcamp88 we're trying to buy a house and I can't have our finances look like the mess they are right now 
we are the house of the sick 
There are loads of weird men in my house, make them leave! 
we don't have any bacon in my house. 
@mernas It's not the warmest - I knew it wasn't going to be boiling, but I still left the house without a jacket 
@kaitlynnblyth i will be leaving my house shortly my friend...so be ready...i would say id call when i was on my way..but idk your number 
house chores!!! 
@anamolly That was the plan but she never turned up! I cleaned my house and everything 
has NO nice food in her house 
3 HOURS!!!! From my house to the office... felt like I went out of town    definitely not a good way to start my day.
@sophy_xxx i deleted msn  they keep staring at my house, and they kept ringing on our door yesterday too 
i want to go see my new house 
@sofimi i'm ashamed of mine. he is the principle author and speaker of the house. 
has no electricity in her house 
How did I decide it was a good idea to rent my three rooms out to college boys?? I am now living in a frat house.  except it's my house..
just made a house-call appointment for my cat 
i hate that the house i'm in has increasingly-more-broken internet. feel slightly crippled! 
Waiting for mum to get home so we can go to asda and get some food! We have nothing in this house I'm like a famine victim 
chiilin at the house trying to get rid of this cold 
Cleaning the garage 
wahhhh this isn't a good feeling.. waking up without them..  now i have to clean the house.. (
there was this tiny little precious dog outside my house. he was so sweet, too. he ran to my neighbors, and they just yelled at him. 
@stephanieellen bb is not on in this house 
@AngiRINGSitUP damnit. he's already in waffle house. He wont read it 
Aw shit! I forgot about the ghosts in my house! I'm screwed for the night. 
I don't like it when family decides to spend the weekend at my house  grrrr!
had a bird in her house and she has a huge phobia of birds! 
i was watching house when seda and josefine came disturbing me. bastards  http://tinyurl.com/qw4ltc
thunder just shook my house 
Starting to feel like I'm boy going to get an apartment 
Looking at a house on the lake...too bad it's only for work related purposes 
This is the nastiest feeling my flats are wet 
I had a dream about the circus,steven's house,ruckr,camp,hogwarts,and the state capital 
@NicoleErica lol, wing wagon is dumb far from my house 
going to shit my pants... a train derailed not to far from me. may have to be evacuated  from my house... 
I would be in my house at this time!!! 
@EWPopWatch ugh.  full house movie?  
Is stuck in the house cause its raining outside 
@Addynik I would! I am already going to someone else's house for dinner though. 
Does anyone else clean house when they are mad and depressed? 
My sister is out of town, so I'm all alone tonight...hmmm, what to do to keep myself occupied. I guess I can always clean the house. 
niamh and eleanor are leaving house..im so alone 
I went back! I'm very tired  and now I have to go to my grandmother's house ... 
everyone in my house is asleep but me 
@ComcastBonnie they actually can't find the house in their system...they have to do some checking and call me back 
@karlylamanna i mea @ peach princess im so sorry you drove to my house 
@2kutekreations we do.. but instead of 50% of the value of the house, its down to more like 40% 
It's so fucking cold in this house! I wish I owned sum pants. 
My house is a disaster, my car also needs cleaning and i'm behind in school  it's stressing me out :-/
it sucks, I keep finding free shit 4 me n my wife 2 do, but she wanna stay in the house 
kaylas dog ate the rest of my sub  and then took a crap in the house
And now He is in my house lurking in the corners... 
My house is for sale: http://bit.ly/k8idQ     
So boyfriend #1 came 2 the house 4 a split second, soon as he left #2 popped up 5 min later. Wow I wish they couldv'e met each other 
So boyfriend #1 came 2 the house 4 a split second, soon as he left bf #2 popped up 5 min later. Wow I wish they couldv'e met each other 
No food in my house. 
@knttygrl no freakin' way! It actually happens to me quite frequently! Family thinks of my house as their summer house 
no power in my house makes me not happy 
@mattpro13 but im not so im stuck at my house being bored 
kids planned a sleepover at my house without my knowledge... stuck at home working 
At graduation. Sombody house is burn dwn. 
@shannonnnn omg i hear that at my house i thought they were bombs and i got really scared 
I remember when feefer broke his leg at my house... and I loled when I saw that he fell 
@aplusk ashton whats worse is a local trailer park throwing people out for paying lot rent but behind in house payments over 8 familys/wk 
@iamsili  come to my house and we can watch movies or something
Last shower i get to take in this house. 
sitting in a house that is too quiet...kids and hubby at camp 
having breakfast near my new house, moving house day! but later need to go back to office 
my neighbors next door are now fighting with the ones across the street..I just love my neighborhood 
@gardendreamer That's a good idea; I should have taken one! I left it at my parent's house for now though. 
My house people r so annoying! 
@sjgraber and by stay in his house i mean not go anywhere.. like not my house or anything just his. 
kicking myself for switching purses before leaving the house...i dont have my wallet 
I just killed a brown recluse in my apartment and now I'm too afraid to go to sleep.  
*GRMBL* I promised a frend to help him move his girlfrend stuff into his house... me and my big mouth 
@SacramentoZoo don't know if i'm going to make it.  last minute house guests
I be all alone on the bottom floor of my house. It's lonely and dark. 
@MandySparrow super mario world baby! I'm on some cave level now in a ghost house.died. 
juz a peaceful quiet afternoon at my house. i miss my brothers. 
My house smells like bacon and I don't even get to eat it 
Just had the whole 3F of her house flooded.. my guitar is warped 
I'm starving :| No food in our house. NONE. I want to eat my sister's taho but I can't. 
bad day..   i was sitting ourside my house without keys frm 10:30 am .jus now i got my keys..
bad day!!    i was sitting outside my house without keys frm 10:30 am . jus now i got my keys..
I hate it when you just want to relax and people won't get out of your house  Its starting to look like a squat in here
At my tita's house, she's going back to the philippinez 
waiting so loong in my uncle's house,. 
Power went out in half the house. 
@EmiliaTsontilis I've never seen police at a house party.  I want police!
Apparently, my apartment is flooded. 
didn't the tiny house  back to searching then...
didn't get the tiny house  back to searching then
Everyone in my house is sick. Including me 
@jandersonmusic @jessaanderson. This is for real. The garage sale has started!  and the house is up for sale!!
all dun up and runing now time to do jobs round the house got sh1t loads to do dam it 
@PeteyBennett who do u like in the house so far pete? i hate bb now coz we r not getting the live feed  x
gotta clean the house. 
sarah just left my house.... 
is hungrier than a house full of hostages!! OMGosh  
@tjwislon I wish I could! I can't have one in my apartment 
want to buy a new almirah for my shoes, mom wouldn't let me  No more shoes in the house! If only she understood the importance.
I can't help but keep feeling sad about all these hounds losing their homes 
This is nothing like house or grey's anatomy... 
The dogs not only shit in the house, but they also smack me with shoes. 
I have no motivation to get my house clean my kids just keep messing it up right behind me so I just don't want 2 do it 
I have no more car after 6 today  which now means. I have no life and will sit in my house all summer. FMLLLLLL.
Up out the house, headed to my uncles funeral..... 
I had a dream about a giant box of poptarts. And there are none in my house. 
Not a happy bunny after my dad has started smoking again . The house now stinks 
@moonfrye well... I'm stuck in my house with a lot of homework for the university  
Oh man, my house is a mess 
@jamescnorris i did  i guess jordan turned my headlights off when he pulled up by his house. i didn't notice until the cop told me.
Out getting a carpet cleaner.....our poor charlie is getting old and having accidents in the house 
@MandyPandy32 I dont mind living here but I do get very homesick 
@freestylecook why didnt u guys call me  I would have loved to get out of the house last night. I'm married not in jail....lol.
ahhhh crapp!! my nephew has to stay in my house tonight! 
need to get some lunch &amp; then back outside~the house is just too quiet!  can't wait for daughter and/or hubby to come home~I'm lonely 
Cleaning house blah!!!! 
i need to move out of my house. too bad i have no money 
@mdknits I had a house, pool, pets and tons of friends from all over the world SIMSonline - the best and they took it down! 
needs to find a house to rent close to campus  late morning, no luck
i miss new house episodes 
Its absolutely GORGEOUS outside and I'm stuck in the house with a migraine 
headed to an open house and i cant drink any of the drinks bc i have work right after 
had soo much fun at megan's! really tired. walked from subway back to megan's mom's house 
few the posy have arrived.. bedroom here i come. 
is sitting in a very empty apartment 
wishing i was at the lake house party instead of being stuck at the rec. 
@JadoreNolo I'm in the house reading all these Roots picnic tweets. Why aren't we there again? 
@digitalruse man, I wish we lived close to you guys. I have nothing to do and I would love to help out with the new house 
@cuethedanger I knew I was gunna get a parking ticket at your house 
@KarlaWraight its the best show ever!!!! But my mum has just ruined it with abba  I need to get back to my house!
Having enough of that family gathering. It's boring. And loud. However, I cannot leave. It's at my house. 
I had new home in new apartment. Only problem: Packing needs to be done and my entire floor is a mess of stuff 
in the house with friends cant think of anything to do 
my apartment complex doesn't want me to keep my grill in my garage. They claim it's a fire hazard. I really want to grill. 
Doing laundry and cleaning my house today 
@Cozz  awwwwh poor thing!  does she still get out or is she a house kitty now?
@shoptilludrop95 and i miss you already!!!!!!  So when i our little graduation at your house...did someone update it?
have u ever left house and then realized u shld have worn a bra, do it all the time 
@charmaineadrina  you can eat at my lola's house come here now.
oohh!! &quot;the last house of the left&quot; looks amazing... unfortunately i could never get away with being 18 
doing laundry and cleaning house, no sun just clouds 
had to clean the garage when all i wanted to do was sleep 
@hollykclark why is it that it takes me a day to get motivated to clean my house and I have only accomplished the kitchen floor  
posted at bookie house yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuup!  ; ) 
@kamy775 atleast you have a walmart by your house, I wish I did 
@evrygrlndshrprl I wanna spend the night at your house 
cleaning house   I need a maid instead...
packin up the house and restin when I can. Movin is rough. 
really wishes the heat would be turned up in the house. 
's back is killing today, moving back into my mom's house, and beingvery lonely. 
@StephTwits I know!! flats really hurt after awhile 
thanx 9abaya.. Eleshtrak finished  and I'm broke and no one in the house interested to buy a prepaed card 
@symphnysldr maybe even a dog house instead of a bed 
It smells like fire. I hope it's just a neighbor and not my house. I don't have a working fire alarm 
All our stuff is in the house but the cable isn't working. 
I knoww!!! I want to so badly, but I know that I need to keep it in da house 
time to leave my cousin's house. back to the hotel. sad. 
@kokupuff Aw hell.  But then again, down here we might as well assume all vacant houses are foreclosed upon 
I now have a house w/ stairs, and just fell down them for the first time. 
At sara's house. She has this hollister bag and it's so damn cute. I want! I have it too but it's in yellow  gross..........
missing my baby he is at his house and I at mine 
@Bradinator I do. But I am the only one in my house who cooks or has the rule...  so I still have to clean 
I think I left all the lights off at my house. 
I really do not like coming home to an empty, dark house. It's so lonely. 
2 wedding celebration near my house.. huff, noisy! 
worked on a song this morning and nothing saved...  .... Also, the paramore concert is so loud i can hear it from my house.
i detest them for having an awful, ugly fight in the morning; living in a mad house 
is sitting at tiffany house wantin someone to build a fire but they want rite now ugh lol i miss him  %LoVe SuCkS%
my house has become a bar. i want to go to bed. 
just smoked a huge bowl, and now I'm driving home. I feel so weird sleeping at my own house on a weekend. my house is lonley 
just had officially, the loudest clap of thunder in a long time, above his house...officially nearly touching cloth 
i want wagyu steak!!! I miss having lunch at lola's house 
is not going to have any teeth by the time she leaves lasha and asha's house because of all the abuse she is receiving 
thunder&amp;lightening was so close like .01 of a second apart! and it made my house shake  and therefore am now shattered!!
i'm going to my father's house to get the only thing he left me after his death - an oil painting 
why can't any of my friend come over my house? 
I'm searching for a new house... but can't find anything 
@vic236 I miss you   and im afraid of my historytest i hate this woman.. we should pee on her house xD (my life is a piece of crap)
@XxwhateverxX i kno rite i wish alex gaskarth and kennedy brock followed me  if they did, i would run around my house and hit a wall 0.0
@jawajuice 3 so far, but she's already about to be an elder.  And I always throw my parties away from the house, so I guess that's why!
goodmorning, i feel a bit hungover. plus there's no food left in the house 
@valberg1 wen is it u go US? i dont really have a choice ill just go out more just means i wont get the house to myself any more 
That is absolutely impossible at edwines my bff not homos house  I miss n dream of my own bed
I'm legit shaking it is so cold in my house 
@Kitalpha yes. They won't let us take pictures inside the house 
people round my house drinking, but i'm tired and want to go to bed 
@andrewhuntre wasn't able to perform - was thrown in the big house again 
Is at my house while he's out having fun. 
I have locked myslef out of the house. 
@dstt9901 I live in an apartment of all women...and I have since I was 12 or 13. I'm used to it 
Is it assholeish of me to want to sit out infront of my house and play guitar, cause I feel like it is so I never do 
still has no internet at the new house and won't until july 
@chibu yay for new houses! wish i could've helped 
Saying goodbye to my apartment and walk-in closet. 
@musgravejw  we dont have internet at the house yet so i just got that message   did you end up going?
went to church with my friend kendrick this morning then hung out at his house w/ his fam and now im at home bored out of my mind 
she gaves us all a workout and now we are not only physically drained but emotionally too, I cried when she came back in the house 
have officially started my house hunt. saw my first place today... would still rather have a downtown condo though 
been mia bc my washer broke and flooded my house. 
effing stuck in this house all day, nothing to doo  fml
I only like building houses and killing them 
@steve228uk did u understand the last house? the ending was just so confusing 
@deckard256 ewwwwww...we need a refrigerator. we're using a cooler for now bc our house didn't come with one 
our house has no water!!! 
Our lake house sold for a little over half a million. I'll miss it, the whole family will 
I hate looking for apartments. 
Just dropped my besties off at her house....aww i miss her already 
sitting at my sister's house checking on email, won't have electricity when I get home until tomorrow, got disconnected 
really need to buy a flyswatter in the near future. getting tired of the wasps in my house. 
 oy vey. screw that I'll have my own program at my house...haha
I'm sad. Why?? I don't want to leave my bedroom. 
@teemwilliams haha should i help you? im hungry and there's no food in my house 
#WTF?! someone in the house stole and ate my pie from the fridge! 
Sitting on an open house today. very hot in kansas city. No traffic at my open house.  -- Where is everyone? I'll wait a while longer.
@Llubyloo LOL same here, no chocolate in the house tho 
parents having a party at their house right now.. to early and that was my wake up call 
I'm achey  at least my bedroom is clean!
ahhh, i dont like this house, im too shy 
@DjJimmyJams what?.. i had clinicals but the teacher let us out already so im trynna figure it out right now cuz i came to an empty house 
And there's nothing to eat in my house. 
@jakegenocide i havent met mitch yet he was out when i went to his house  so was cera!!
@bicyclesarefun i didn't know they could fly.  its like the size of my thumb and it bites.  i don't know when i will go back to my house 
I hate slaughter houses 
is hanging out at the house...I miss my mama 
@QueBonita22 heyy you were by dishies old house  *memories*
I'm going to gain so much weight staying inside my house. 
Cleaning this house so I can move out...its sooo much...wish my husband was here to help. 
@gwalter We live about six houses away from the mother. It's very sad to drive by and see the kids' toys still on the side of the house. 
i want to shower but these stupid bitches wont leave my house 
@ilanaftw they were caught by charles and the house was set on fire  thats unfortunate
wish I had my own multi room house so I could help out all my friends who are with out a place to sleep...its like the list keeps growing 
trying to prepare the house for our guests.  It's a little overwhelming even though there's not much to do... It still smells like fish 
i saw the hangover and it was awwwweeeesoooommmeee! lol...anywho...goin to find some food in my house...i'm so poor  and watch E!
@Clarisajo  chances are that I will be chasing little will around his house tomorrow and running up and down stairs. 
i can has no food in my house 
@abigail011 you can't see the moon from any windows in my house 
I'm sorry  i'll stop living there
All settled in my new house. Just wish I had a bed 
Is craving dessert with nothing in the house 
@jaenarae. I assume ur not at my grad  haha jk, don't eat too much foo, there's a shitload of food at the house!
From the front of the house and it wasnt there!  If you dont see me again, then the government have got me  i am freaked out now!!
@Mbobadilla yes I am, I been here for about  weeks now- still waiting for my house though, living in hotels 
But now that bedtime is here and the apartment is quiet again I can't stop thinking about youknowwho...  
@pfellas it's not shining over my house tho 
@TKittie same here! i wish you were ALL here! my house is too big for only one person to be awake 
is sooo sleepy but i gotta finish cleaning, ironing, and folding clothes, i think im becoming a house wife 
@cmoreno3 yeah i haven't waken (woken?) up early enough to get some from the pot at my house it's always gone  we need to have cafe di ...
3rd day n I can't find my house keys... I lost it again. 
Ahh old creepy wooden houses. So old and creaky 
@kurtis26 don't have it at the house I just moved into 
omgggggg i was playing sims 3 and had built up the most amazing house from an empty lot and then my laptop decides to crash. no save 
its indian night at our house...come dressed as your favourite food. ha just kidding about the costumes, but that would be fun 
just reached my apartment to get my clothes and is lazy to go back to hongcheer 
eeek, just had a massive rumble of thunder &amp; i'm in the house myself, i hate thunder when people are in the house but this takes the mick 
my house and fridges (have i spelt that right?) do not mix well anyway! my 4th one has now packed in! always when warranty.s run out! 
I hate how our house is so much hotter than the outside temp. 
Ugh I want lunch but there isn't anything in the house 
a bat in the house does not make for a restful nights sleep 
@taahliaaa yeah were moving house   its in parkdale..
tidying after a weekend of house parties 
@wrightkathy because it's at his house and his mum has banned me from going 
i want to rent a boat upnorth 
I have to go to a granite warehouse all day to pick out counters for my beach house 
sooo tired! off to work, then get keys to the new house, then work again 
The inspector, realtor, and buyer have been here for almost 2 hrs. When can I have my house back? 
so I'm wearing a hat I reallly like and so far I'm not even out of the house and I'm already getting picked on 
I've got powderpost beatles in my cabinets  I'll have to fumigate by house or replace all of my cabinets
@HeriCabral well, super sweet and she like cried because paparazzi broke into our house 
Today is rainy so it is perfect for indoor chores that have been put off - so, off to clean the house 
is cold. and bored. why is my house empty apart from me and the dog 
home now, and the house sitter managed to not feed my birds and kill my fish. 
@big_tex_uk yh, don't think that's helping, also exhausted housebound in filthy house, run out of clothes &amp; bf back at school so lonely 
It is 80 million degrees in my apartment. I may barf and punch my landlord maintenance men 
im hungry...and there is no food in my house. and no one is around to keep me company 
Theres no food at my house 
UUGGGH! cleaning my house...again! i hate dishes they never stop!  i totally want the robot from the jetzins (i think thts how u spell it)
cleaning up my bedroom 
I don't know if I can survive living in this house for another year 
i love the fact that theres no food in my house. 
doesn't want to wait in an unfurnished empty house for the gas company guy... 
I wish I had a house  there's no room here for annnnything! If were not outta here by xmas I have no clue where NiNi's new toys is goin!!
I still walk into the house expecting to greet a black kitty 
tired of screaming...tired of this house...I never wanna come back 
@SaniaM aw i know, i was sad i had to miss it but i had to prep for a dholki at my house that night  and about that motto, i'm learning..
@benedeta I am hungry for some loops. We have no cereal in the house though. 
Ugh.  What did I DO to my ankle?  I'm like hop a long on 3 floors of house.  
thinks that she is not even safe from the shops inside the house  stupid internet shopping
i really need to get out of the house. i miss civilization 
uh, my house just shoook! ihatethunderstorms 
I no longer have an apartment. 
Confused  But at least the apartment is clean. ish.
Cleaning house and fighting fatigue 
it's frkn hot outside!  takin' long time to cool down the house.  
landlord got mad about our messy lawn 
get me away from my house as of thursday  I need out
I think I'll go and lay down for a bit... I'm sad  The house is too quiet
why can't be just at least 70 degrees at my house?!! seriously it's june i don't think that's too much to ask for 
No heating in this stupid house so the warmest place right now is my bed, which I can't go back to as I have to go to work in a bit 
being under house arrest sucks 
bored stiff  abdys boring noooo adays ! need t living up seriously!!!
Just back from a friend's house, my nose bleeded while I'm coding on his keyboard, and he broke a key trying to clean it 
I think someone bought my dream house 
sitting at the patch drive house waiting for 5-0 to arrive. damn vandals 
Home inspection went very badly.  Probably going to walk away from the condo.  I was almost a grown-up for a minute there. 
is hungry x-) it's raining outside, can't hang at the neighbor's hammock 
the loudest fire alarm known to man has to be in my apartment....and it would not go off during the storm  I have lost my hearing!!
injured adolescent raccoon limping through the lakeside mall garage garden  i'd call the spca but he'd be long gone by the time they g ...
in mi house! 
still afraid of the mouse in her house 
i need cheese with my facsettiiii O's. i sooo procrastinating on the studying  movies @steeezen house tonight if you're downnnnn
SHIT....i totally missed run's house. 
We cooked tonight!!! ..now my house smells like food   if I spray anymore fabreeze, my family is gonna freak
@chakaxd I'm sorry I disappeared on you, I took residence in the bathroom  I'll ttyl some other time hopefully &lt;3
off to hospital duty in a little while.. so lazy to leave the house.. it's raining and i've got a major toothache.. 
I just realized something...last week we had our last dinner together around our table as a family in this house.  I didn't even notice.
it's so weird to be lounging around in a total stranger's house.. It's damn awkward. 
Power is out only at my house 
i'm upset i missed run's house and charm school! i need to plug my tv back in  this is not cool!
@shortMonica I'd offer to let you stay, but 1)you're too far and 2)my house just got broken into today. Bastards pepper sprayed my dog. 
Just sitting at the house without my baby 
I  got so use to sleepin with my boyfriend at his house I can't fall asleep in  my own bed by myself  I need someone to cuddle with 
@JackieMacD I'm in my house and YOU'RE not. :-P Or wait... are you back? If so that killed my joke. 
@jazzyjaz619 I never got the mansion and the porsche 
On my way to camillia's house! She's sick 
im bouta qo ballistic in this payyce if i dnt find my princess blanket ! i looked ALL over this house 
so i ended up going to my grandmas house, but didn't get on the treadmill instead got a blizzard.  i no i am ashamed of myself!
Ugh...house inspection tomorrow = me cleaning tonite!  will pay anyone to clean!
@power106 .. hye now power house this year.. so sad if no?? 
cuz i found an acceptable job and a 3bdrm house on a lakefront that allows dogs.  now the 1s who cried most say NOOOOOOOOOO. :O(
home from jordan and erin's. we watched halloween so now im scared to turn lights off in my house.  haha
@camea I'm going to my friend's house to do the patterns. I don't understand anything too 
@DjJimmyJams if there was alcohol in the house, I'd drink it!!!!!  But there isn't! 
Now at joanne's house again ! I'm lazy to remodel the clothes 
hearing crazy noises outside my house 
dad showed up, but he didn't do any work on the house  i'm over it.
Reviewing in history. I don't want to leave the house.  *advil*
I think the house has ghosts... I miss my phone 
*about to go in the house and read this catalog* 
the house we wanted for next year is now gone  boo, need to start looking for other places really.
Not enjoying the sun today, stuck in my office with every fan in the house on 
is sad, 'cos i really want my butt out of my house. 
jesus it's nealy 12! grr! i won't be home alone for much longer  i like having the house to myself..
home alone  watching run's house and dying my hair.
been up since 4:45 to see my house guest off, so now I'm sleepy 
Going to our  house helper's house to have supper for the last time!! 
Why it's me who always clean my dormitory? It's unfair! 
glad i get out of babysitting!!  but now i have to clean the house 
shuffling about, not trying to leave the house.  very disappointed that i can't wear one of my dresses today 
 all that carpet cleaning for nothing... the carpets smell bad now at the old house. We have to call a carpet cleaner. 
@nutzy2468 yea, I guess that they didn't dry enough... now there are new people in the old house! I don't like them. It's my house. 
Debating about getting a 1 br apt asap... this house is so high stress 
really bored now  4 weeks stuck in the house, ironing, eating, sleeping........... *sigh* ......... 
there's a journaist AND a photographer in my house  they're making an article about my mum in some magazine. i'm trapped in my room...
wanting to go to samantha's house or have her come here 
@kitschycoo I feel your pain, I very rarely let people in because my house is always so messy 
@jorlenne im about to leave my house now...lol. always late 
It's hot in brighton and house hunting is 
TracyBarbas #Haveyouever ... shut the house door just in time to remember the keys are inside! 
So I really can't fall asleep at my father's house without nyquil ? 
@goldyn_chyld you stay leaving me in your apartment to get lifted without me 
cable guys at the house.... but i have no tv 
@tammykay519 yes i do but they blow the fuse so we can't have them  but i do have a blanket house shoes n jacket! Lol
eating then getting moving boxes to pack the apartment 
holy cow :X thunder just shook my house 
@amandawight That's ok. The house-sitting is cancelled, so I'll probably just recover from this week @ my apt. Not much fun for guests 
cleanin' house   BOOOooorinnnNNNNGGGG!
so gutted! didnt get house leader 
I cant kill the people in my house even if i want to they are fixing my furnace  I just don't want to be up this early unnecessarily.
locked outta my house 
There is NOTHING to eat in my house 
Oh my, I want to get married so badly- want to have a wedding. But right now we are trying to find an apartment, so it will have to wait. 
is hating cleaning this house   It never stays clean, so what's the use?
There nothing to do in the house without internet!!! I don't want to read or be artsy 
wow i reallly cant watch full house anymore ......lol ughhh still sick in bed 
@Jonasbrothers i really want it but cant leave the house 
chilling at mi buddy house want to go to volleyball 
Someone come clean my house?!? Pllleeeaaasseeee 
is really excited about the prospect of the house being done soon but hates estate agents 
ughhhh nothing on tv ready to get out of this house 
I am at my house cause im not allowed to drive 
I need to vacuum the house. 
@ashleywcollins that makes me want to cry. i love that house! 
@PurestLight that always makes you feel good doesn't it, bet it looks great. I need to decorate whole house 
apartment cleaning fail 
missing my house guests  she was so worth every single second.......I wish I could of kept her a few more days...
chillen at vatta's house w/ the ladies. I want some candy 
I am leaving my house because my mom no longer wants me here  but it's her house so I'm leaving
back to reality....back to home....i'm exhausted, my ear won't pop from the plane, it's stuffy in the house &amp; my flowers are half dead 
@bradmacd XD, yeah but I broke into my house, I used a ladder...but I broke a few dishes  and I was wearing a skirt.......
@toyamarie I miss you and tobie and our apartment 
All settled in with my copy of ghostbusters... but it's movie night in the house 
@iAmCWise I love the waffle house! Wish there was one close by down here 
Ughhh all I wanna do is put on pjs and watch house 
Just finished moving the last load. Unfortunatly @woodwhisperer still has to pack his shop up  I think it will be like another house move
This house finding thing isnt going that well so far...  
why is so hot in this apartment 
Someone's got reeealy bad menopause :\ I wanna get out of this house 
Now i have a warzone in my head and my house 
ahhh imma be locked out of my house this afternoon  *cries*
@bettymaccrocker who doesn't?  lol!  I stalked his house when i was younger...to no avail! 
It is official - I am in the market for a new apartment/work space - I hope I can stay in the neighborhood  
My house has a lot of daddy long legs in it. I'm afraid to stay there tonight 
@xDoozerx my house is in foreclosure.  it sucks. i've lived here for about 19 years and now i have to find somewhere new to live. 
@TeresaDRose i too love cheesecake. been thinking about making one lately but it makes the house too hot 
@PetSmartTLC I need house training tips stat! Olive just isn't getting it  I don't know what to do!
is HOMEEEEEE  not in a good mood...call the house &lt;3
man i wish i was at paolo's house right now, googling my name too. 
too bad I pre-ordered monuments and melodies... still hasn't made it to my house 
@Idolfanaddict i can relate to that too..idol and house is in hiatus..nothing good on telly now 
Already tired of looking at houses  Going swimming w/ mom if it doesn't rain!
@wilderlove my house is full of snorers as well  5 to be exact. Uggggh.
scurrrred in my creepy house 
i miss the times when my horoscope applied to me. i am not considering buying a water feature for the house.. 
Ugh i got pulled over by isaac house  why i'm i getting tickets so quick now a days?
is not happy because the connection @ the house is not working. 
@joeymachine I have to move mine by 12.  parking by our houses sucks.
@garymac1965 I know  I'm not the only one living in the house-3 others!not one of them thought about bringing it in...grr
stressed about house already  solicitors, agent and mortgage, oh my!
I'm bored sitting in the house but its 2 wet 2 go out anywhere 
house already has an offer  property developer apparently, will put a bit in a little higher but honestly carn't afford a bidding war
Wishing it would stop raining so I can get outta the house 
brr chilly with only one person in the house 
@justincorbett haha yeh they were builders at my house,we are getting an extension &amp; renovations lol. cant believe they laughed at me  lol
Just got asked to go to my friend's house. Means I have to get soaked walking to hers  can't wait to get a car!
@toddcullen yes, that would be the sound  - where is the new house?
I'm hungry  but there is no food in the house. what is the good of living with my parents if they haven't even got any food?
chem regents in a couple of house. still not studying. extreme procrastination 
@CptIncredible yes! I can go up stairs, but down is another story. LOL...good thing I have a two story house and work on the second floor 
@leenkwan hows my baby?? my house feels awfully quiet and lonely.. 
@aikku  you need to start looking for a cheaper apartment, now!
No hot water in the house for the rest of our stay!!!  
I want my own apartment again... 
Missing my pup already...  the house feels sooo empty without her...
@GCs_RIOT_GURL not much .....at my stupid grandmom's house in oxford 
looks like a full house. 
@darconuk also have you seen last house on the left .. i hate it it really upset me 
woke up with the neighbor mowing his lawn. allergy town here i come 
does anyone have experience in leveling a hillside into a yard?  the house we're interested in has no back yard at all 
o no.....i have to clean my house....o great 
I hate 4 days worth of house cleaning to do 
i clean my appartment now  
Cheering for the lakers from my house 
my dad took my car so i cant leave my house  @BrittasourusRex
@sammo16 haha I have no wine in my house so I won't bother 
Doing house chores 
I was going to have a bath to warm, but no boiler in the house. So got to make do with the shower 
proper gutted  house searching is a nightmare.
sitting around the house trying avoid the 102 degrees of hell that is outside! Ah texas 
And now I really am going to stop tweeting about chocolate, especially as I don't have any in the house 
I'm going to go insane in this house 
just leaving my friend's house 
Working  its a mad house here
alone in my apartment.  sad without @alisondownunder 
when I left the house today, it wasn't raining. Now it is. And I'm wearing canvas shoes 
Waiting for chinese food...again...it went to the wrong house before 
@BlueRoses1969 I miss you lots and lots! I got home and all my clothes smelled like your house! What a bummer 
@fbrwebstore I love that paramore necklace, I have it. I want it as my house key 
I feel like no one in this house is ever happy. 
Someone come over and bring me food. There's none whatsoever in my house. 
@elizabethcanfly NONONO. thankfully. maybe for a couple days to a week though.  we just finished re-building our delaware beach house.
cleaned house, paid some bills, and now.... ICECREAM! I wish 
@ ryan's house, sitting in the driveway....noone is home 
No internet at my house 
@CarpathiaB yay! it will be cool to see it all come together. i havent been to your house since new years. boo 
roof is leakin bedroom is soaked findin somewhere to go 
Just hanging around the house. I lost my mommy  haha I can't find her anywhare!
The house I was interested in just went Active Contingent  I have been worrying about someone else offering before my loan stuff was done.
Sitting around with the family at the beach house.....sad i only got 2 more days at hb! 
I've watched 5 episodes of house + could quite happily carry on.... I do however have a small 11hr shift tomoro so unfortunately CANNOT 
trying not to think about stressful house stuff but my mother keeps reminding me 
This house has been filled with people for the past 3 nights..now it's empty, and I feel lonely 
is sorting through her belongings 
@lil126stephy until I get the house 
@ my cousin house losin hella money 
thinking what to do with this fucking house I cant afford anymore 
chilling at the apartment when I should be downtown. I had an allergic reaction to the antibiotic I was on and now I have hives 
living in an empty haunted house 
I guess im sitting in the house tonight  * tear
@jillian__ no i'm going to the cottage  
wahhh the north american house hippo isn't real   I really wanted one...makes me sad
Our house is to quiet when the kiddos r away!! I miss them 
The house needs a new roof... new plumbing... new electrical... new support beams under the house... and a list of other &quot;small&quot; things 
@JellieBraden damn  i was hoping to have a good-looking neighbor
Negotiation with the landlord has failed  I need to find a home for my little fuzz.
@Mariuh109 wants me to sleep at her house but i gots to go somewhere tomorrow... what should i tell my mom?? 
graduation rehearsal tomorrow. and cleaning the house. finishing up packing up the rest of my house. 
i was walking around the house with a blanket wrapped around me and my mom said I looked stupid 
i am going to go insane being stuuuuuuck in this house 
@SarahMorrison yeah...it wasnt my house. 
Power just went out at my house 
@LBOI I cried when mine started, but it was worse when my youngest started, because the house was then empy 
Getting ready to go to bed for the next few hours...have to be up for the contractor to work on the house...miss you all 
@bet33 i ask my dad he said no  but ill go see them at your house instead jaja
You suck. The lake house is weird. I dont get it. 
cleaning the house....joy 4 me 
hates packing and cleaning house for trips. 
i want to vacuum the rest of my house but that would probably piss off my neighbors 
@RubyRose1 you're locked out of your apartment? oh no  my door is always opened for you, ruro! x
@thomaschichak I washed mine and the next day when I came out of my house there was bird poo all over it 
morning all been woken really early by workmen in the next house noisy idiots that they r grrr i need tea 
Whhaaaa....cleaning my house 
Ugh, after spending the night at peoples houses so much, just being at my house alone is rrreeeaaallllyyyy lame! 
sit n at the house i got to go to the court house tomorrow to see how much time my daughters dad gets in jail... 
without my cousin in our house, its kinda lonely for me, he's the only one who i can play jokes with.. 
Also waiting on a reply about a house that we really want to rent......(she says whilst biting her nails impatiently) xxx 
Why am I awake  em has to go to work and it's not even 7 am. back to the house with no a/c to take a pointless shower #humiditysucks
i want to know if we have got the house, i want my degree results and i want my parcel to be delivered whats so wrong with that!? 
whyy are flats soo dear 
Cleaning the house.  It's for a good reason though!
Someone smashed a window and robbed my sister's yoga studio last night. 
ive actually got bored with house hunting now,.,,,,, i see houses all day long i dont want to see them all night too 
mourning the imminent death of some of my house plants... i think they're jealous of the attention i give the plants @ a&amp;v  
well 2 hours ago 102 was meant to be doing a house clean...so far me and phil are the only ones up 
trying to figure out how to pay our house taxes 
Note to self - when looking to re-decorate apartment do not visit http://www.unplggd.com as you'll turn as green as your avatar looks atm 
penthouse has been fixed it costs 4.99 now 
@quicksketch thats my landlord's doing ...and I'm moving out to buy a house next week   I will miss it.
@JohnONolan what was your letter about? my copy arrived to my student house, not here 
Ah man! Trying to find a cheap flat in east london is *not* easy, found one... above a kebab house.  I need to find somewhere in 2 weeks!
I need some food and the only thing there is at my old house is beer 
... And here starts the yelling.  must get out of house!!!!
Wished I could stay longer at the chalet 
Just leaving the ranch.  i'm sad.
im at the court house with my brother then im going to work 
has no food at her house and is starving 
my cat has just bombed around my house and I had filled the bath and she just fell in - her back feet are soaked and now is my floor 
the power just fxcking went out in my house. I wanna kill someone. It always happens when I'm alone! 
just woke up and is now sitting outside his house in his pajamas and glasses because his cleaners just got here 
Waiting for curry to cook in my new electro-fantastical-spectacular oven in my even cooler apartment... arrrgh. I miss my old house 
no walks for us just yet  But, I disinfected the whole house!
stranded at dans apartment 
Still no power at the house. 
packing is such a bummer  It's like I'm pulling down all my memories of this house and putting them in boxes.  
shit man, I've almost burnt down my house with my cooking... dinner is black  can't shut the smoke alarm off!!!
my roommate's cat just came to the front door of the house covered in blood.  he's on the way to the vet now. i pray he's ok. 
is not getting a climb in until tomorrow.    I'll survive.  lol  Now to keep the kids busy since there's construction around the house.
...was so close to getting my apartment. 
once again, no good food in my house 
My father in law just got a huge parking ticket after viewing our new apartment. 
@crystalchappell ok I will go back to painting my house 
coworker meeting at my house this evening and I feel like crap 
no body told me there was a pool party at my house today. 
Neighbours @ new apartment came by: &quot;Could you sing in the basement, it was so loud were truly shocked, we can't bear it&quot; lol (sigh) 
@j_inman our dreams of re-creating melrose place may have been shot down... the apt. in my building is for lease not rent 
Losing one's phone in the house while it's set to &quot;silent&quot; is not the best. 
had FUN at the waterpark but when mom came to pick us up she left my dog in the house and he threw up on everything. blahhh 
At mommy's house.. catchin up. I've been such a bad daughter.. I never see her anymore.. 
The movers are almost done with my house. 
it's too cloudy at my house to see the shuttle launch 
Its over 87 degrees in my house 
No power at my house.   
going to my cuzn house its his bday ! my babys r gettng so old 
the house reeks of onions and it is making my eyes sting 
moved out of her old appartment 
ther are ants all over my house. 
it's finally hot enough to go swimming, and i'm stuck in the house 
@threadless I don't have one  I keep meaning to get one but at the moment I need to move house first
#flylady also did e-mailing, and had to check on dd &amp; friend from down the street, a boy, they were playing in her room with door closed 
Just found out I can't get my apartment.  no fair!
spencer's friend is annoying!  haha. (at my house, not iCarly haha)
oh god the pipes are going, and still havent finnished, my house is so noisey 24/7 
Never drink outta random bottles of water at yer house.... I just did it and had a bad experience... 
Note to self -- lacey panties -- only for the bedroom !! 
NOoOoooooo...I have to clean the house tomorrow:@ 
locked out of my house...  goin to the square!
@duncantrussell I know a house cleaner 
well dO to the full house there wAsN't any food left WhEn it came for my TiMe to get some  @princesskeesh
It seriously reeks of dog piss in my house... Two chihuahas doesn't help 
@peachplumpanda nothing happened, is the problem. the guy renting the house we all liked said the current residents are staying for now.  
At the half way house  http://myloc.me/4nYo
@melissarobot that happened to me with an apartment once. I put down the deposit and the chick decided to stay. 
Has the house to him self tonight....but no gf 
is busy cleaning windows and getting ready to sell house 
still sick. SO OVER being stuck in bed in this damn house. 
cant believe her house got robbed last night, ahh! 
Watching house on haunted hill. Ahahahahaha. I'm not sleepin tonight. No more Z's for me. 
So kiddo locked me out of house with him and his baby sister inside while she screams her lungs out. I had to break door in 
Watching news then heading to bed....can't believe pet and house sitting is almost over already... 
this big stupid TV at my grandparent house decided to stop workin 2day 
i feel sooo lazy, i dont wanna clean my house but i need too 
so ready for the sickies to leave my house. we've all got it now 
@raquelp_123  If my house didnt suck i'd invite you over to watch, but it does suck :'(
I hate sleeping in hot houses. Wish i was in my bed 
may have to find a new apartment if her landlord decides to sell 
super tired. my house got flooded because of the old washing machine 
@KDeLaRiva I don't get why my dad does that do!  It's 80 degrees in my house and i love cool air when I go to bed.  
watching mall cop. txting. and it's super hot in my house 
i neeeed new clothes :S + i'm tired of being in ma house 
@LMAshton that's nothing, a couple of years ago a neighborhood cat had kittens in our house. We still have two of them 
@Crizy93 ya sadly  that's because i'm moving to another house so yeah we are moving today , but i'll try to got to my couzin house n' open
@ilovedricoll nooo,come!  although we arent going to her house anymore, its at the ovals. so it will be shit!
great! now there is a tornado warning and two fire engines in the parking lot of the apartment! no sleep for meeee 
Just received news that the ac in the house is broke and it probably won't be fixed for awhile. That on top of the internet and cable... 
Omfg this movie is so scarrrry.. I'm under the blanket and too scared to walk into my dark house later 
laying in bed. staring at the ceiling. wishing i was in my own bed, at my house with my kitties. 
says NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! mommy dont sell that house, sell THAT other house!    http://plurk.com/p/123n5e
I drove past my dream house....it was sold prior to auction 
its nights like this when i REALLY love heidi,and hate being in my house alone because ghosts play tricks  xoxo
I keep hearing weird noises in my house. 
cannot believe i just watched my neighbor's house burn 
Its way too dark in my house  I don't like it its too spooky /: lol
@ellaannounce - wholeheartedly agree. Just taken the last paracetamol in the house 
I locked my self out of the house. I had to climb through the bathroom window to get in. I think i may have broken my thumb in process. 
 in a house with no furniture waitin 4 ikea 2 save me i think it wud hav bin easier 2 pick my last house up n carry it here than this move
is so stupid it hurts.  Where the hell are my house keys?  
had offer turned down on house we want to buy 
sophie enjoyed wakin up the whole bloody house this morning ! nae loving work knowing allans lazing about in my room 
i'm alone in the house until tomorrow. 
ahh! no food in the house 
starving, and I have to go back to my house, but I feel bad leaving the puppies here  I hate leaving them all day!
@nigelyoung If it is anything like @angelajyoung's your battery is about to go - hers barely lasts a day out of the house 
http://twitpic.com/7sje3 - peeeeeanut!!! i know you like to bring sticks into the house, but don't bring the whole tree 
weekend @ dad's house  i don't want to stay there  .. that's life !
@tricksatthebar because it was shut in a room in the house adam was papering, I only went to help him carry stuff back, no trespassing 
 my house needs to be cleaned and I don't even know where to begin!!
my puppy pouted this morning when I left the house... he doesn't like me working either 
A tree fell behing my house and knocked out my triple play. 
aaaa my house is such a mess !  new bathroom
no food in my house 
So the bugs in animal crossing that appear in your house when you're gone are real, only they don't poof when you squish them 
Walking around the house and having mini panic attacks.  I'm too young for this
Aww i was in my old bedroom today... i miss having closet doors! 
My white 32gb 3G S arrived this morning at the house... too bad I'm at the office and can't play with it 
Doing my daily house cleaning        don't like it!
@ElizabethAnn82 yeah, i really want to get a house. too bad the earliest is october at this point 
@ibella_chic no love I'm only 25 mins away from my house...and it won't let me 
my house is to hot and my granmother well not turn on the ac at all !!!! 
I am going to be bored for three house...  nothing to do, know one to talk to.. 
@FaithfulChosen I suck at sims, they always end up burning the house down or something with me. 
@raj6 Be careful in the attic .. friends bought a house with that problem and got sick from the mold .. masks wouldn't hurt  
@lindsey_young still no word on the house 
I don't wanna go alone to the community cookout they're having like 40 ft away from my house. I'm too shy  But there's free food there...
I love storms! (but not when they are in my house.  sorry @shellynne7 )
At my aunt's house. 
i am not gonna be here for 3 weeks  but im going to be at my grandma's house 
@EATerrell @kellywcobb  ...I would've taken ranch, too!!! 
@showbizgirl I've only seen the bowling one so far. I don't get to see too much TV at my house. 
Is home for the weekend to an empty house!   
@JonesBeach_1988 we don't have a waffle house here 
Is about to watch the guys tear down wats left of her old house 
shopping for house insurance. yuck 
I hate when I stay the night at someone's house and I forget to bring clothes with me. 
Yay!! The carpet is finally installed! Now we just have to put the house back together 
I shouldn't have taken the dog to daycare today... the house feels so alone without her 
There is not enough wine in my house this evening &amp; I've just spilt 1/2 glass on carpet 
Oh my word! It's sooo cold in this house 
As if to prove what a poor house keeper I am there is 'tap scum' dislodged and floating in my water 
just got done cleaning the house!! YAY!! sooooo tired! 
Just clanin the house! No fun 
I have keys for new house! But I will be offline for at least the next week 
god cant stand this house sometimes 
We oficially live in a cat free house now  - http://bkite.com/08GmA
Ambulance at the elderly couple's house across the street 
@alyze Sitting here in this humid fucking house.  You?
I REALLY want to grow dahlias in front of my apartment, but I don't think I could take care of them   #squarespace
Dying in the heat while house hunting is not fun 
@Merredith Haha that's awesome. Nothing interesting is happening by my house 
i discovered that i don't know walk by my house in the dark. 
I'm like really hungry, but there is nothing in the house 
Hectic day: worked, tidied up new office, fixed phone line, went 2 the vet, moved stuff, did sum dyi in house, &amp; now work. 
We are all waiting outside our house for the van, but the van is not here, we are all late for our briefing now 
my mum and dad dragged me out of the house to walk up  lighthouse (we just missed the rain) at 8 in the morning 
Two weeks without the parker house! What has my life come to 
@jennyonthego well houses and condos...we aren't having the best of luck wit the homes we hav offrs on bcuz we keep getting outbid  haha
In the house for the night  text to keep company
Just got kicked out of my house by my mom.... fucking sweet. I need to find a place to stay. 
#dontyouhate when there is no food in the house 
I'm listening to my boy vent about his house getting broken into. And to think he moved from the hood to prevent this from happening 
The house I'm in love with just went off the market. *cry* 
ANTS!!! Ugh  ...i've swept and vaccuumed every inch of my house and still they're here!
if the tornado siren is going off... should I run and hide?  my house is made of windows. 
sitN @ home, alone, again...&quot;my husband has left the building&quot; 
#dontyouhate when there's never fresh fruit in the house!!! 
i need to go to some casting calls.i cant take just sitting at the house doing nothing. its so dissappointing and depressing 
There's a stupid storm at my house   nothing to do
its 80 degrees in my apartment 
What's the point of having an empty house if you have no one to share it with 
 kids at the cuz house! i'm so alone...
Smelling the paint fumes from the remodelling, and really want to air out the house, but it's too muggy... 
friday in my frakin house 
house is as hot as hell, stupid mom broke the air conditioner 
@heather_bea I wish there was a quiet coffee house around 
@Ecgric it'd be nice  i have an old house with no storm shutters ;_; i want some
@ the house.. double ear infection.. Not the move !! 
sigh... my house-sitting vacation is almost over.  
I was about 3 seconds away from burning the house down. I can't cook fried chicken 
I need my own apartment and about a couple thousand dollars to decorate it 
my house is freaking me out big time! lights turned off then the fan went on super high. with my cousins!  im scared!!!!!
Where are the flashlights in this house?  
hope my mum doesn't faint.....selling our house...very sad 
saddest saturday ever  alone in a house in front of a tiny fire , soup for lunch and music on so it isnt completely silent......
Finishing up at the apartment. 
i am so hungry but there's no food in the house 
@jigglemequick in an apartment 
@DjSam1 lol.. yeah i do, i just remember when i would ALWAYS be runnin the street , now.... i sit in the house 
around the house...cant fall to sleep 
So grateful for my house, my husband&amp; my puppy. I'm tired and I hurt though. 
@aTexasAttitude they wouldn't let me bring mine to the apartment..no pets here 
It's 08:24, and there is a big fight outside my house. 
mike leigh character development questions are sitting on my desk in my other house crying that I cannot answer them 
now i have to tidy my bedroom 
Leaving the house in 30 mins, haven't showered, so sleepy 
My house feels weird without @jstyle420 
Why is buying a house so little fun 
wants to watch gilmore girls but I left my dvds at @purplemazz 's house 
Up and awake. No food in the house 
@adamgoldston i can't sleeeep  just got inn from manhattan, why are you up?
Seriously. I had a nightmare about this house when I was 5. So now I'm afraid to stay alone in here at night. 
Everything is half unpacked all across the house. I really hate mess but i just dont have the strength to tidy it  gah
There aren't many things sadder than seeing the house you've lived in for a year empty 
my house is infested with a millions ghosts from pac man 
Looking at houses... again... 
: agh - rode home to discover our only house key NOT in the house snapped off mysteriously and now we have to wait for locksmith  ffffffuu
this house makes creapy noises!!! 
@stevenpitts lol I can imagine.  unfortunately we are in an apartment, so the noise transfered right into our apartment. 
sleepover at my cousin's house again yay maybe we can try sleeping at 1:00 am last night we only made it upto 11:00 
my mum and kara have just left the house looking beautiful as they are on there way to joe cole and carly zuckers wedding......No fair 
I peed in a hobos house last night.. 
eww. i need to clean my house 
There was a lost dog at my house i wanna keep it 
I am cold and uninspired...at this rate my bedroom will never be finished 
Last full day in atlanta  off to waffle house!! Yummmmm
It's  stopped raining here!  so happy the son is shining and the temps are warm enough to hit the pool...although I will clean house... 
needs to clean the house 
Doing drive-bys of potential houses today...I hate house shopping 
finally hungry but can't go down to make food cos there's about to be 15 screaming kids in my house for 3 hours. and 8 staying over 
has no internet at his new house  ... yet
Ugh no cereal in my house?! 
doing house chores then a funeral then maybe go to the pool...my saturday is going to be gone before i know it! 
I sure wish my husband didn't fish all the time maybe he could help out around our house 
It is 85 degrees in the apartment and it's only noon. 
at the house having problems with my chick 
Being a boring bum around the house 
there is absolutely no food in my house and i'm starving 
@rjakesdub It's also no option to keep him in house! A puppy, an adult dog and a half-wild tomcat in our house = total loss of furniture 
doesn't know what to do tonight!!! hmmm! ....seen last house on the left last night - what a horrible film!!!!  x
So bored now there are 3 people left in my house 
ugh so over the haunted mansion. i want to sleep in my bed 
no brkfst type foods at my house... w0mpw0mp 
headache  out shopping for books! phil &amp; lois's house tonight!
Doing laundry takeing care of the house party later....... not the fun kind 
@simply_AndreaSi sitting at my parents' house  come visit meeee!
i cant believe i have 25 days to get out of my house 
house to myself for a day.  bored 
I'm hungry, but there is nothing I want in the house. 
Oh, joy shes went into the other room to blast the sounds from the t.v around the house 
just finished cleaning the bathroom, the rest of the house to go.. 
Looking for apartments. I already know I'm being too picky... 
i would trade a beautifully cleaned 55 for a dirty house with all my lovelies any day. this is it 
http://twitpic.com/7xcgo - @angelyau sending her belongings away 
@yahmonkey unfortunately, i don't. my house was broken in last year, they took my laptop. rufus is long gone 
so there is absolutely nothing to eat in my house, i resorted to even looking for some leftovers. there is nothing. i guess ill starve 
i should of stayed @ home an in bed an da house is empty 
so hot inside my house 
I think the A/C in my apartment is broken. 
@MoneyMone i miss that house...laguna/hills nights 
I just finished watching the most depressing episode of house 
i wish i could apparate to @gem_pot 's house right now. can anyone take me on a side-along apparition? no? ok then 
how is it that my lovely clean bedroom has now become home to katie's entire life belongings?! I now cannot see the floor again 
 shitting brix. I'm gna try to take a pic of the house for you guys haaha
Headed to toys r us the kings plaza. I hate that mall, but its the closest to my house! 
theres a cookout @ my house, but i have 2 work!!!! 
My mom is so dumb...she won't let me leave my house. 
getting ready to clean....someone is coming to look at the house on monday 
@Freisher say hi to my old house! 
*sigh* house I had my heart set on just informed me move in wouldn't be til august 1st.  they may arrange free storage if I'm interested.
It's  a house show day- too far away 
sittin around the house being bored 
@globalheartcouk - glad to hear you are having a fab time.. but i do miss you both.. the house is rather quiet 
i wish the mexican pizza place across the street from my house would deliver a chicken roll so i dont have to walk in the rain 
At my cousins' house in arcadia. Not amused. 
Napping on my 30 yr old couch in my old house for prob the very last time  the couch is being sold with house cause I don't need it
@crystalleanne the landlord is selling it so i need to move 
I rly wish I was taking a nap instead of waiting for people to come look at the house. 
@JakeasaurusRex I can no longer have slumber parties at your house 
I wish I had more than one friend here. Or that all the people in my house would leave. 
5 hours of nashville house hunting later... No luck 
at grandma's house yay 
@xsinkorswimx tonight is the only night we have Wes that mom won't be sleeping a the house, so we can't put him to bed and leave 
I officially have a stalker in my apartment complex. It's really creeping me out. 
is hanging around the house having nothing to do 
Is extremly pissed off, I was working on second life, I sell land and rent out homes, i get logged out due to a bug repair 
says *sigh* There are people moving into the apartment upstairs and the only hope is that they're more quiet than the last bunch. 
@Sapnene girl! We had the Utmb interviews/open house at 9:00 and I'm still going strong on the beach. I'm tired 
I wish my house didn't look so much like a friggin cruise ship 
shisshh cleaning your house is lonnnnnnnngggggg, cleaning commences 2moro 
spent the whole day at my grandparents' house sorry @reichenberger13 for not going to your party..still grounded.  I hope it went well :]
Hoping I can give the ferrets a better home besides my house, I love them oh sooo much 
at danem's house. we're feeling really bad today *-* .i think i need a boyfriend  gooosh
@pressingbuttons there is this great senior community in my area i went to the open house but they thought i was there for my parents 
the house is a bloody pigsty atm 
sister stopped by... brought me food...since i am stuck in the house... 
@croosa totally sorry I didn't make it... I got completely caught up and didn't even get out of the house til after 7!  how was it?
I miss my sister already!  It's hot in my house, going to sleeep, tempted to get rid of the bags under my eyes!  niight
Princess is in the house!! It will be sad  when she leaves
@ray_anthony  you are never coming to my house again. 
I miss my boyfriend tremendously, every time he leaves my house  I love him so much.
My house is so cold that I'm wearing a winter coat! 
@fairlyoddpunk23 that sucks!  ..im alone in a big house and you're alone in a big hotel.. sadfaces all around
alone in my house..everybody's gone poor me 
Going to sell this house and move to the most isolated place I can find.I'm sick of people who think they can use me up like toilet paper 
its like a heat bomb in my house 
cannot sleep in an empty house 
Just got home. Apparently the hangout party wasn't at my house. 
I hate being tired and antisocial when my friends are at my house 
@asokks00 I def want to discuss what you saw tonight...I keep on missing your calls/texts due to lack of reception at my aunt's house!!! 
staying at a friend's house. They're all sleeping already. 
doing my research about apartment buildings!! 
LOL!!!! the bridal house wouldnt let me see their photo albums while I was there, cos they knew who i was!! so secretive 
@kissability sorry to read about the house burning down. 
A raccoon came into my apartment's hall and shit everywhere. I stepped in some of it.  I opened one of the doors so hopefully he'll leave
I absolutely hate asha house! No electricity and running water! Wtf?? I need to pack my whole room today 
At @chasingskies's house now. So boreddd. @zomfgALEXIS, wish you were here! 
mattyboo just left my house&amp;i miss him already wish he couldve spent the night *sighs* if only i had my own place  &lt;3 banana
just got home from daniel's house, the hangover is finally wearing off and i'm ready to go to bed and die, only to wake up in nine hours 
@VICKYwoodford       argh my house is boring lmao
The house is a mess and I can't do much about it... I am tired and my stomach is acting up again 
i keep forgetting bros gf is in the house and i keep singing loudly 
@lovekelsee's house I can't sleep idk how my sister got the couch and I got the floor bit the floor is so uncomforable 
it's scary how domesticated house mice are.   it wont go awayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy......   
Heading to the barn now, it's still damp out.  
is goin home from dog/house sitting  man I miss having my own apartment
There is a fierce black woman in my house. She sounds amazing but i'm so tired 
There's a kitty cat stranded on the roof of the house behind mine. He can't get down, and there's two ginger fucks throwing rocks at it 
No eggs in the house    
heading to my grandpas house. I'm sooo sleepy 
I can't put it off any longer.  I've got to clean house.  
Missing my waffle house 
and i actually wish i was going to my cousins, @TanyaGu and @LydiaGu 's house  
is at @smanchikanti's house trying to read some constitution rubbish n feeling blah 
sigh, eating grapes for breakfast. cuz i live in a house where they dont cook with love or me in mind 
@miss_incr3dibl3 no I wasn't with her  sat in the house and drank my pissness away! dang I wanted to party
Cleaning  Who messed up my apartment?
@TheaGR I left my t-shirt at your house  it should be in the kitchen I think.
mom why were you here at 8am  well my apartment is only one last box and a room full of papers to go through left with junk. YAY!
Paying those $433to the court house has to be the hardest thing I've ever done  I'm broke 
i've lost my house keys 
packing up my apartment--starting to get really sad!!! 
@markholcomb i want an apartment period 
@C_Siobbhan he needs sum books in his house cuz he prolly steals better than he reads 
there's leak in the house! my carpet is wet. 
is packing up my apartment 
I need to get the hell out of my house now 
Hanging around the house today.  Then off to the dentist.  
just visited my kids at there house always feel so sad when i have been there and come away and leave them 
@thetalltree bin lala, i had to clean nonstop until now  now my house is clean, my hair is a mess, and i didnt get to talk to polishguy 
All I want to do is go home and all I'm going to be doing is going to other peoples homes  not a happy camper
@henselnoise I'm taking refuge in my house... It's even too hot for my pool. 
@BrianLerner I washed my car before I went over and the tree across the street from your house dropped tree sap all over it  haha
Dangit the ramp to get to my house got closed off. 
My house is so quiet without my crazy family 
@MissMaitland new apartment 
@stonerich i miss my hamster Zippidy... she was dead in the house for 3 days cause i didnt wanna admit that she dead.. 
I'm walking home from my daughter in law's house..what a gloomy day  http://twitpic.com/858ka
My house has no food, and I am hungry. 
I hate my house  it's so little and nasty now.
@beckyhi_c never for me ... They don't know what ranch salad dressing is  very tragic ...
Is emotionally disturbed about what is happening in the goslin house hold and hopes that this is not in her future 
@cinnamongirl55 i know. i had the cd till my house burned down. 
@jansci unfortunately we didn't have candles at the boarding house and we wanted to sleep but couldn't coz there was no ventilation 
I hate house hunting!!! Nothing in our budget!!! 
@Jenniceg don't think we've any in. No one drinks the stuff in the house. 
@throughthenight  *hugs* I wish I could come over and hang out. Then you wouldn't have to leave the house, but you'd have company. &lt;3
i'm mad i forgot about run's house tonight. 
@sfgiantsgirl at my sister's house  waaaah
cleaning the house before guest come over has to be done but so boring  Haha
the house is so empty without lisa and paul 
still raining, stuck in the house,  wooooooooooooooof 
hi guys! i had to wait one houre in my garden after school because i forgot my key so i couldn't go into my house... 
publisher's clearing house will never be the same 
**cleaning my house** I never signed up for this when i gave birth to my kids  ... perpetually cleaning
colleen's house with katie, then basketball in walpole and driver's ed 
There's a spider in my apartment and  it's making me freak out. 
cleaning house finally. running errands. wish i was back @the beach 
eatting at my house now.......i hit my head on my garage door cause i didnt know it was gonig down so i jumped and fell down 
someone call me from a tv channel to do a report about a house a design.. but im so young  and they tought the house as build..3dmax rulez
is heading over aunts house to help them pack &amp; move into their new house  tomorrow 
@tymoss here in the philippines the thyphoon will come to our house in15 hours 
wants to be laying by the pool not cleaning the house. 
@franklywes your mom didn't have enough milk, she had to go to the house to get the extra... 
Transformers were fighting outside my house last night. Now the power is out. 
i wish bedrooms stayed permanantly tidy... 
@AyeletS are you asking why y house is shaking? It might be because I live near the train but it's never been that strong before 
I really need potatoes but nobody can run to the store for me cause I'm stuck at the house with 3 kids  can someone help me
So basically, my apartment will probably icky since we're cheap. 
i can't sleep, I can't think, I'm not even relaxing. I have to room to work, no room to relax. my bedroom is my office &amp; my son's bedroom 
We want to buy a house but my income is irrelevant because I'm &quot;self employed&quot; so they can't even check my credit &amp; luke doesn't have any 
I hurt my ankle as I was leaving the house. It didn't hurt so much then as it is starting to hurt now.  
@FckiinFabuLouSz werrrrr is ur apartment? 
My sister brought germs into this house 
It's so warm in my bedroom!  i cant sleep :'(
At home... it's so beautiful outside I don't want to be stuck inside the house 
I am so over looking for houses...I feel like its never going to end   
@Lunakitten the bank is being a pain &amp; now we don't know *if/when* we're going to close on the house... and im just a mess about it 
holy crap its 5degrees in my house I'm bloody frozen  literally 
@jubss I know!  I love it dearly! I'm gonna turn the house upside down looking for it!
Studying. Its 101 degrees in the house! 
The house needs to be quarantined.. We are both sick! 
i'm bored in my house cause my friends are boring and they don't want to go out 
Someone a few houses down just got picked up by an ambulance. We thought it was our neighbor passing out again. 
went swimming and then to george eastman house and the mt hope cemetary... i think im burnt  it was hot today
bored. so damn bored. i want my bedroom 
@iloveyoux3_ well im with 2 friends and one is going to stay to sleep at my house!! cause the other one can't  but we'll have fun! hbu??
Please pray for my house. There is a major water leakage that's causing my entire house to crack and possibly fall apart 
@Danasaur4 no :s well for dani's house yeah. but for my new house no 
has to go to school tomo for report cards and a assembly  -on the bright side , my house then mall afterr with emma_jonaslover i love herr
so little time until i move out of my house 
Documents ready.... next step is to find a house!!!!  I don't like how this makes me feel... homeless
No noise in the house... I miss my daughter. 
@chanikin i just moved house and we don't have net yet  deprived!
Getting thrashed! Monotonous living 
@moospeakshere badtimes!! i've got to put away all of the stuff i brought home from uni, hoover the house, put washing on and so kitchen 
@canceranswer i think that the house and senate will screw his vision up anyway. I have no confidence in them 
I'm not sure why I bother fixing my hair in the summer. The second I leave the house it's going to friz! 
is controlling the stress of moving house....I don't want to unpack now I've packed 
@j_real There isn't pay parking near our house. The condo's around us have waiting lists for spots 
i lost my ipod touch in my house 
@whatcassiesaid i have barely even had energy to leave my bed let alone the house  it's kinda worrying me now
I don't think I was cut out for a 9-5... I need to be somebody's house wife and have some activities on the side for extra cash 
i want a cookie, but there is absolutely nothing of the sort in my house 
is still cleaning my room/house today. i should stop putting off getting a job. 
@mandapants3 no I have 2 parties to go to  I wish I could . moni invited u 2 her house on the 4th so I was just checkin.
@nicoladetisi Have you got the house-moving-blues? 
people are here packing up my house 
Oh well, we're out of the heat, but when we go home, have to face a 'cooling bill.'  The people staying at our house said A/C went out!!  
i hate storms  i woke up to to the sound of hail hitting the house, i thought my room was gonna cave in on me
is burnt, having onion rings and salad for dinner and has a free house till hopefully 10. everything is good, except someone is missing 
There is no food in my house 
im starving and we have nothing to eat in the house.   
My house = powerless. 
i cannot believe that i dont have a single thing in my house to relieve pain. 
GUYS the ghost is back at my house. wreaking havoc in the living room at odd hours of the night. cleaning up 
ugh... allergies are killing me tonight! this house is driving me crazy! you and i should just run off and live in a bubble together  yes?
i... just belted 'a dark congregation' for no reason. think i got back at my upstairs neighbors for the sound system 
I stupidly put my teddy bear that my grandparents gave me when I was 2 into storage when the house forclosed, dad rescued the bear 2day! 
@nesarajah thankyou. That dig house made a few tweets ago makes sense now 
webdotwizards night at the rushworth community house - webdotwiz is here early 
I saw deer in the backyard from my bedroom window this morning 
finally, we will record our video from the ffe in tatti's house !! 
We were approved for a cute townhome so much closer to work! I'm so excited! 
@bellasoul the inside of my house was much more colder than outside, too 
@MosherAngel lol it'll be anything but with the kids, but at least we'll be somewhere new so they can run wild and not trash the house 
@usedciscoguy that's funny.  wife and i were watching tv last night and bird came and smacked right into the living room window. 
ok, house clean, now for cleaning up me then off to the grocery store, then back to finish up some projects 
This new house freakin rocksssss 
@followthatdog We should talk urban chicken. I am SO getting some when my house is done. 
motorcyle fixed, house is clean, going to bed 
back from chillis... hangin' out with the girls at my house 
Because of the smoke damage, we're staying in a hotel for a week while the house gets cleaned. Adventures to be had 
Going to my booboo's house 
Kids gone, husband gone, house to myself, life is good. 
@green_i_girl yay!! I was just thinking of those cars and mr miyagis cool house.. And adventures in babysitting..  bahaha
Cautiously excited about an offer on our house 
the lease is signed for the rental house!  yippee! 
hanging out at my house with my boyfriend 
Taking to bulldogs to their grandma's house, then it's time for floor cleaning. 
lounging and working outside in an empty apartment 
@thedomesticdiva We tidied up the house, now grocery shopping, then fun in the sun - gardening 
so.....does anybody like watch house or like ncis? i do 
is in the garage. why? kickboxing 
went on a walk... i've been back in the house for only a little over 10 mins now, i think. i wore a skirt!  ... http://plurk.com/p/owayl
is watching seinfeld- the apartment before the mavs 
someone buy me the seasons of saved by the bell and full house, you can be my new best friend 
@pammiebegood went to a great art show and met some awesome people there...but i should have been cleaning house! 
at soniias house. chillin 
@dustinwill how about you walk to my apartment lol i live right by the bulldog, not to far 
@HeadTrick just destroying... cut my lawn and the abandon house's and took out the remaining monster-bushes on both fences w/ a handsaw. 
@bhaalster new house mate has a punching bag 
Fabian donovan and thomas at the house 
is pottering around the house....wondering what she actually bought at ikea...have a bag full of nothing on my list 
tree_house_kid@hotmail.com   i think someone should add me 
gna watch some shows  i dno where my sister saved house bunny.
or not. drinks @ ardens apartment 
just got back from her first visit to the Odulio house 
@mayhemmiller amaazingggg. I wanted to scream but everyone in my house is sleeping. 'lol 
Enjoying taking care of my kitty-for-the-day!  Just volunteered to cat-sit the boarding house cat   Yay!
@ddlovato :o! you're not far from my house! hop in! holland's great! 
@brooke_curry i have fumes in my house too  lets be friends.
organising the dog/house sit and keep @meilaburgess company half week with her - should be fun 
Is in the mood to paint the whole house and not go college for a week! 
At my friend's house- shani  fooling around ))
@m0po your the magical house fairy my mum always used to wish would clean the house when she went out  you brought that one on youself
I went to the city today, alec's house randomly...the izzets for tea and then home with alec and ed 
Cleaning the house lol hahahaha 
loving that the house is bursting at the seams with all my fam. wish ash was here though 
still at gal pals house  lol looooong day at her house. then we r going 2 church at 10:30...g2g get redy!
going to my aunt's house 
Having steak at angus house... 
@tazzman61 wow, you're so rich having 2 houses built!! 
I'm not entirely sure why... but I love this house  anderson anderson architecture: chameleon house http://tinyurl.com/c66vqc
@ceedubb6 we text each other within the same house. all the time. don't feel too lazy. 
is back from the mad house 
gospel brunch at the house of bluesssss 
p.s. yesturday was amazing! walking past his house 
sleeping over at my tita/ninang's house 
Doing chores around the house.  I should also probably start my sculpture critique; but you know how I love to procrastinate! 
Friend's house 
is at the house with the boyfriend 
Just getting ready to clean my house up a bit.  
I have two girls from haifa and kiryat shemona at my house right now 
feelin the burn at midnight while enjoying #house reruns on fox 
so glad my mum cum and cleaned my house for me today wot a lovely mummy  xxx
is dancing around the house like a loon  
@Podpodley I nearly did, but my house is surrounded by bushes and trees 
just got home from my bestie's house.it was truly so much fun.so many pics we took.i love herrrr 
@MissPear I always thought a trampette was a female tramp.  It doesn't stop me putting one on a bungalow though! 
making house plans 
silvio arriving on 27th  need to build us some house!
appointment then everetts house 
@jacobpigott once they are in the fridge...they are community property...enjoy!  
starting my beautiful day off with a starbucks and then cleanin up the house- then to the pool to catch some rays  
@judyrey I'm happy to be in the house and warm too 
secondhand serenade tomorrow! house of blues 
How can I have the darkest room in the house and its still hot? Many birthdays tomorrow YAY 
I am loving the silence of a house full of sleeping kiddos. 
http://twitpic.com/3pbwh - here is my first studio shoot, i did for the home girl  in my living room
pretty sure our apartment has never been cleaner.  going to bed now!
@Hapson going to a mate's house  what about you?
Loves working at the new house. It's awesome. 
At glenna's house hanging out  i can't wait for tmrw morning!
in the house this fridaaay night bored... . hmmm who wna keeeep me company? 
drinking sparks that someone left at my house 
I love sheryl alot!   i hate anne. I'm at sheryl's house now.
The one when @LimeIce got inspired by the house maids fashion statement!! Would be a funny story 
sorry, coop / childhood wifes dream of a doll house 
@DHCOSBY our neighborhood, that's in the &quot;hood&quot;  we have a neighborhood potluck dinner every week at different peoples houses...
at the house chillin 
I'm on my bf house chating 'n exchanging all the news!  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
@SeonaidBotfield yep theres always next week,  then u can buy twyford court house A.
jessica is at kenzie's house, and she is about to go to bed. 
just bought a block of land today  now who wants to build me a house
At castle 
watching house bunny  is it goood?
hmmmm mushroom and cheese nyomlette and coffee, need to do 1 run to the shop and then I don't have leave the house for days 
@realtormarney that is the view from my home  just sold our inn and bought a house!
@byproduct this house  it's what we've been waiting for.
Nawww, my house is full of cuties 
I'll be watching the lake house at ten. So if I disappear, you know where I'm off to. 
I found my fluffy house coat 
feeling great in my new bedroom 
@poppitsherface I was at my bestie's house yesterday. 
ate karlvee's house tonight  family gathering 
@Curvyboom I'm thinking of @majah going apartment hunting commando. 
having a house meeting in 10 mins.. ahhh uni life 
@wilw I eating my doritos when I read that mucous house comment...gross...but, still funny 
mm my house smells like cakee yumm  this weekend is wayy busyy i cant keep up!
house is now 55% more clean, the porch is walk-onable, main floor is done; time for texas hold'em.    im heart site will get love soon 
wolverine pizza party at my house. thanks papa johns 
@WinningEdge NO! once they are in the house they are in control  LOL 
@alyandajfanatic yess ranch is really good too!! yum! 
fckn drunks in my house! gotta love 'em 
with @ladieenticin goin to @missjbabii house 
@CT101st good dude! building a house soon.... will be here for at least another 5 years! work = good, love = good kids = great. 
@DebbieFletcher I think tom should just build a house above a starbucks outlet. He lives on starbucks. 
@lookski next is teak oil the garden furniture its hard work keeping a nice house 
i hate sitting in this empty apartment. soon enough everyone will be here and i'll hate being with all of them. ahh. indecision 
Going for a morning walk. A little house cleaning then in the studio to make beads 
ohh and i cleaned the house ! i'm pretty proud of myself 
@willstephens i love pontcanna houses 
Is feeling cool, would stay here longer but I have an appointment to see a house 
The roomate moved out, cleaning the house, and now it back to being just the 3 of us. YAY 
I'm going to eat at my grandma's house  
@lovejonz618 @lovejonz618 I guess living in a tiny apartment surrounded by neighbors has prepared me to live out in the open 
cleaning my house, and listenin to music 
@TwiNews_Mickeyd maybe, i'm not sure yet, but we might be going back to bella's house tomorrow, to see if they're filming there still 
Headed 2 look at a potential house w/both our parentsss. We want their opinions. 
spent day cleaning house, now got done eating supper!  
@Sassette yes yes, I've been to his house and stuffffffff.  I will show you around when I #seeyouinmemphis!
@Icametumbling My wife *loves* watermelon and always has it in the house when in season, so she definitely gets it from her. 
Getting excited to apartment hunt again 
safe inside my house... bowling was cool  now..  ZZZZzzzzZZ.. (where did I leave my keys???)
@tweeterbrad thank you, brad! it's communal living @ it's finest 
?SLEEEPPY.  going to my cousin's house. hope so. x)
@ the office, someone want to buy a house in utrecht? 
coffee house april '09 good times!! 
All moved in to our new apartment. So exciting 
@Snowgirl1972  think 2 to start off with but a house that can fit 4 - or we may go the whole hog and get 4.... not sure yet
@jaybranch You too, remember the kids' grenades will go off again as soon as you've tidied the house 
you can see the coffee table again!! @dagnyreardon...so when r u cominging  over 2 insult me into cleaning the rest of the house? 
is getting ready to go over to the apartment 
Guess who has internet at her house? *raises hand* And it's not dial up. 
on the way to kuya jordan's house for an O's sleepover  !
the apartment is starting to feel like mine. 
at the yard house 
With sean s. watching house of a thousand corpes 
dancing around and cleaning the house..... loving my sunday so far 
yard house too packed. Three people deep at bar.... went to pf changs....got right in 
It seems my grandmother has found a way to break a pipe in her house, going to go there now and fix it, she is such a blur woman 
happy motherss dayyyy  so my sister decided to make lunch...hmph. but i decorated the house !  andd then i danced and sang hahaa
bout 2 have 1 more drink then imma head in da house 
Huge test at the parents' house. The food is so good, but stuck to one helping, no seconds. Feels good. 
@_lightmare There are like six that hang around my house. If you can get it to come up to you... you can keep it. 
I was feeling guilty about buying a luxurious pair of shoes yesterday until my house mate just saw them and got over excited 
yay  my 'only on sundays' maid came!! the house will be clean again!!!
@lis0r i love electro house 
@talindab http://twitpic.com/4m9up - ?s this your house ?? The dog is really sweet 
just had the first lie-in in months  it was great. now for mooching about the house
@rachelongkili a walk in the clouds; sweet november; lake house. 
@ Cleaning the house! going out at 3 to see a soccergame with friends 
@chillybreck that would be lovely, alas the cubs would not be gracious enough to stop wrecking the house while we were soaking our bones 
all the house guests and family are sleeping I'm learning about twitter and going to get o cup of coffee 
graphics again now  I shall have fun drawing the sydney opera house though (not)
@Schofe can't afford chairs in your house then huh? perhaps you need to go into politics....  
church and lunch with the fam, then a stop by grandma's house and back to dayton we go.....I believe he's surviving them 
@mbvianna I actually just used penne because I already had it in the house and I was too lazy to go back out. 
? love tokio hotel!!!!!!!  (tom) my loveee   
@ixxnay lol you're really the house cook! let me know if you're going to buy the webbie.. i might go for it too 
I actually didnt burn te house down 
going out to eat with the familyyy. then my grandparents' house later. 
haircut a while ago! had a big dinner in our garden with relatives in the compound. 
Going to mommy's house today to surprise her with her favorite meal 
The house looks great! I can't wait to pack my clothes and leave. 
back to ratisbon. enjoying the quiet in my apartment 
@samsy http://twitpic.com/4yeug - goat then? donkey? You've obviously been outside your house, like down the path or something 
nm. just hangin at the house. 
@francismchilds i'm not *that* prepared. i'm buying a house, so need to pack to move into it! 
The house is quiet, a prequel to a riot, awake them from their slumber, while down the stairs they lumber. I should be a poemist! 
__ in bed. excited cuz mom is looking for a house. yay finally bout to get out of this box 
the house (apartment) is on wills street, just off latrobe!! yay!!!! i'll keep you updated with wine and cheese meeting dates 
looking at apartments in west hollywood. 
@meldrum83 a strange bloke coming into the house, then while i'm ironing he can start his 'service'  for me 
making a pause in the programming for now, going to watch house and study japanese 
thanks to madison magazine, i now know where i can buy nicole richies gorgeous house of harlow jewelery!! so excited 
@Benjaminglass  I went to a guest house knocked on the door and said &quot;i want to stop here&quot; he told me &quot;stop there then&quot; and shut the door!
@niftywench maybe you should tell the realtor that you need that staircase in your new house! 
@brutejonny It just worked fine for me sir. So now I'm locked onto all that is going down with gruff house 
@JBmyworldxx joonam, I loved watching the @Jonasbrothers movie with you!  it was great  we rocked the house!! Literally. ...
@Antiquebasket thanks!  I was inspired by all the bridal shower invites that have been arriving @ my house this week. LOL
at mum's office.. gooseberries are ready in a box.. (hahaa.. ???????????????????) n #house is ready to.. watching n eating.. ??????.. 
Loves having the house to herself atm, loud music on full base 
@fldhtrsxl And then partying when we all descend on your house!      
@openFieldphoto our studio/house in the sunshine.  http://twitpic.com/55fkl
@snookca Thanks for the tip. haha. in the dog house are you? 
hope havasu house lady emails me soon 
The chilis was great..I'm full and at the house updating my apps on my g1. 
around my house. talking to jay. :] bed at some pointt. then outt with people tomorrow. 
Country house diner I'm coming back for u after I hit climax and duvet 
at daddy's house 
Heading to bed. I'm excited to look at the apartment on monday! Also going futon/furniture shopping 
Doing my hair and then off to shosie's house to drink 
@dangerradio it must be ''asbestos'' (as-best-as) it gets inn. Haha 
moving into our house tomorrow 
On my way to @CorrieVogue's house! 
In new house, major furniture in correct rooms, kids beds made, laundry going, and even made a trip to the pool 
@maljackson thank you vedddyy much  goodluck with the house hunting.
Just cleaned the apartment, now I'm chillin with my cats waiting for the boyfriend to get out of band practice so we can smoke some dank 
@spellotaped do not shit in your bedroom you will only regret it right after. 
@qcmorales I know ccoouussinn that would be a ggrreeaatt house warming gift 
i'm here at my cousin's house.. 
5/16 i woke up a state champion, went on an hour run w/lex, went to church, bonfire at my house, hillview park, back of a pick up, tunnel 
@Courageous_one I won't smoke at your house! And I don't smoke cigarettes, *plus* I like doing dishes 
at miles's house watching WWE :L it was a chillout day and miles's house was very eventfull 
@earthtojendell you need to send me ur new apartment address so i can sends you postcard!  &lt;3
got woken up and kicked outta the house  (Y)
@mattcutts hasn't tweeted the last 21 hours! Either must be busy doing the laundry and a major after-vacation house cleaning 
I just got back from my aunt's house. 
with megg. going to cole's house soon with megg and joe. 
That would be awesome! I hope y'all get the house with the pool too 
going to my cottage 
just had another request to c the house for today at 2:30.  plese pray it goes/shows well! 
@simonrim i work about 30 seconds away from jesmond dene house, its gorgeous isnt it 
Cleaning up the house with mommy! 
cleaning the house...fun 
@calebjonasson 640*480px. Preferably, a small village and a house with 2 levels to walk around (upstairs/downstairs) + sprites 
Applying for an apartment 
I'm on the way to my grandmother's house 
@swellvintage thats just down the road from my old house 
at nana's house 
is having a party at her house? ahaha i'll just go with the flow. 
hmmmm woke up to an empty house (except the many pets). Why cant everyday be like this?  
@thegoodhuman looks a gorgeous house 
Just peed on the side of our house because all of our 3 bathrooms are occupied 
@mt_vern tehehe and I'm going to your house 
Hanging with reid  lolz. At my house, don't bother.
going to thee cousin's house today! 
chilling at my friend's house 
fridge all stocked up with food &amp; house all clean &amp; tidy...going to the airport in like an hour to pick-up my parents 
At alamo draft house with wife 
on my way 2 my sista house 
@tripology Congrats on getting out of the house.  
@LaurennnLoveee and they can have house parties and invite everyone 
@shylove are you sure it did not come from your bedroom 
@mills_rulz I misssssss you gorgggeous.  haha we need to go walking into randoms houses again
nikki's house being maclicious. then scaryyy moviess. 
@TheExplodingBoy +im about to apply to vinny d's by my house, and triplets. cause vinny d's pays under the table brahh 
@van94 thanks for the link.  quiet movie house? that would be boring. i like it when its full.
Moving! Movers are almost all done at the old apartment 
@angelnina if you and I were neighbors the whole neigborhood would need to take notice.. 
I'm going to upload pics of my new house soon 
@KankzXD write from your garage 
@pntbtrkisses LOL, haven't snacked yet...really nothing great to eat in the house, tho thinking of looking 
Has an interview at a boutique tea house tomorrow  Exceeeellent.
@andyclemmensen 0_o What? On TV or have you walked into the wrong house? WEIRDO. 
cleaning my bedroom, i'll be back later 
I'm looking forward to my mum and dad's cooking this evening - and they bring it to my house  so nice
loves her bogof house 
i'm all alone here in the house with a noisy dog. 
is painting the bedroom 
Sometimes working in real estate is like trying to build a house of cards on a breezy day 
@LadyRazzle Aww, I applaud myself for leaving the house. I'm like a hermit crab 
going home from dorthe to my house to eat dinner, then back 2 dorthe to do homeworks and have fun!  xoox
i thought our house was getting ready to be dive bombed by a helicopter or something... then i realized the neighbor was mowing. hehe 
@tommcfly why do you have holes in your house? get some polyfiller! 
Cleaning house today! Then gonna work on a band flyer for a friend. 
@Sarahintheskyy needs to buy a house in texas! Then me and @hannahxcx will go and live there with her! 
Yay f and lucy are coming too  i love having my own house now ;)
@starmOneymitch they alwaysz clean it not me. i called my neighbor 2 clean it  he has a little crush on me so it worksz out
here in my cousin's house 
is in naomi's house !  (dance) http://plurk.com/p/veojw
sitting in the house waiting for this day to end!  
@paigeh666 haha thats ok, well i happen to have a yellow submarine passing by my house right now, i'll get in it and come pick you up 
I want one  - http://www.simondale.net/house/index.htm
@jenniedidntdoit a house rave? for your sake i hope not 
That's how clubben.com does it baby  full house at club sugar !!
@jiminthemorning We'll probably go for the larger houses only 
@rpsaf just arrived from breakfast with a slightly hungover landlord 
Putting an offer on a house  yipppie!
@kristie__  tell jess to go to my house and get the sleeping bag for you LOL are you still even going? lol
@mamapigeon i would happily fill the house with cats and kids 
going inside the white house!!! 
Yes rented the other house 
@irishhooligan I was followed once by a london house...lol 
cottage again on tueday  i love getting away
@ irene's house. having a sleepover! 
I am up wayyy to early!!! At least i get to be away from the chaos at the house 
fishes are happy with their clean house... 
@jenniferjsmith wooohooo! how exciting!  i can't wait till i can afford to pay to you to design my future house 
@EditorJules I hope you meet him  I was convienced he lived in this house that I go pass on the train-im sure it was him. But I'm strange!
@bradruggles we've gotten that response at our house too... oh the strong-willed child! 
I slept terribly last night but had a good dream....one of my vendors installed an espresso machine in my house for free. 
Thousands rainbows in my bedroom 
@mamamooto5 hope the sickies leave your house soon!  Lmk what fabrics for that needlecase 
waiting for my man to get here in a few hours so we can go look at a house 
@ Weefacation  it wasn't a waist you got to relax,go to the bazaar, come to my house and had the joy of scaring me  look at the brightside
hahaha okayyyy. well just be in my house at like 12:50 
I got a new apartment!!  
over rai's house 
@BookishlyFab that explains why I have at least a dozen unfinished projects scattered around my house  I just can't commit to one!
A house is not a home without a pug in it!!! 
Listening to eminem inn steves palace 
lunch at my aunt's house. later 
A little peace to hang up  in your house...  http://bit.ly/cTrI3
PACHACHA is in da house 
the cider house rules 
@chevale but u must rest too k?  hey think on the bright side. house chores = exercise. hehe. yeap im watching channel E. u? 
@whatitdosilly alright oh and if you didn't upload it, do the one where we get caught at my house 
chyeah with emmy at my house 
@tfserna probably both... though today I overslept... by this house (with two kids) standards.... 
Just come back from my girlfriend house 
getting ready to cook. yum. maybe watch a little house. 
Promoting was so fun and we sold a bunch of cds and tix for house of blues june 5th 
Just watched house...now chelsea lately 
I love that there's a creek on the way to my house. It's so secret that hardly anyone knows about it  and it's pretty 
I'm happy in my new apartment 
just made a sweeeet mix cd and am singing aloud and throwing my hair about + dancing around the house 
Bubble bath!    Why is it soo damn hard to get everything approved and figured out to take a trip up to a friend's house?
Walking around the house in my new moccasins  Weeee!
The lightning over my house looks all etch-a- sketchy.. 
i want to work in the white house. baahhh. west wing 
sewing party at my house during intersem. bleach your own fabric 
@madelineantonia Is your house bigger than mine as well?! I know your boat is!! Haha I had to say it 
killin dain at dominoes! by a house and a half yo! he mad lol 
signed a contract for an apartment! 
@Puppetguy aha! caravan houses are wonderful because the views from the windows change as you go  Who's peculiar bird? 
at the house watching family guy 
had a fabulous night out at a friend's house. 
@rholland34 I miss being at the house sooo much!  I think a sleep over is in order some time soon.  I need my family 
I'm fucking alone in this big house  wie geil! so what could I do? hmm 
feels full house baby  http://plurk.com/p/wyr4b
@annika, @gitta, @bjornfalkewik, are you guys sitting in a coffee house close to the city? I can join you probably? 
has a @topherrpop at my house  @vajayjay @liamsp @alexthemagix be jealous 
