Most common words for this cluster:
[('house', 558), ('quot', 45), ('waffle', 26), ('today', 26), ('episode', 25), ('time', 25), ('amp', 25), ('night', 24), ('home', 24), ('http', 24), ('season', 23), ('day', 21)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'House', 0.952767550945282), (u'Swoosie_Kurtz_Heartbreak', 0.6841761469841003), (u'Senate', 0.6629155874252319), (u'Narrowly_Passes', 0.6578244566917419), (u'km_Mohonk_Mt', 0.6271198987960815), (u'Maya_Angelou_Random', 0.618172824382782), (u'POUGHKEEPSIE_Bardavon_Opera', 0.6165968775749207), (u'Passes_Sweeping', 0.6134937405586243), (u'Blues_honkytonk', 0.613309919834137), (u'Umbria_HBO', 0.6048908233642578)]





watching &quot;House&quot; 
I'm sooo sad!!! they killed off Kutner on House  whyyyyyyyy
Why Kutner? I mean I knew something was going to happen to someone but it was so sad. I &lt;3 House and it was well done, but I'm still sad 
Just got done watching the new House episode.Definitely one of the saddest episodes ever. 
Sad about Kutner being killed off my fav show House! 
Today's episode of &quot;House&quot; (Episode, Simple Explanation) was so heartbreaking. 
I nearly spoiled myself for House, did just a teeny bit, saw a name, but then it went away via link.  I won't be terribly surprised now.  
@idolette @marissatastic - I'm so sad about the House episode tonight  but bigger &amp; better things (damn that Taub LOL)
@adreamforsteph ok House was sad. 
I miss The Glass House  but thankfully pretty much every moment of it has been uploaded onto youtube.
Tonight's episode of #House incredibly sad.  And it has nothing to do with Meatloaf's usual bad acting.
Oh no...Kutner's dead   (watching House)
@Kal_Penn I just watched House and got really sad    I liked Kutner.
I miss the chai latte from Expresso House 
I'm watching House and I need a hug 
And hating that watching House will kill me! I can't wait for this next episode and at the same time.. I don't want to see it 
@Kal_Penn OMG I can't believe what just happened in this weeks House. 
Last night I watched the most depressing episode of House ever!  But anywho, I'm sooo tired of speaking French 24/7. Ick...
Kal Penn is my hero! But did you really have to leave House? 
Disappointed about where the House Season is going. . . . . . sigh. . . Used to be such a great show! 
House completly surprised me last night. I can't believe I cried watching an episode of House. So sad. 
Just when I think House is getting better, it goes and pulls that shit. What the hell.  This show has gotten so bad.  
I love House, but certainly did not appreciate the MASSIVE spoiler that was posted on my facebook news feed by the show! 
Kumar died  #House
@basiacruz He dead on House 
He is dead on House 
No new House episode after all... boo to stoopid slow torrent 
@mistybutt Our DVR was acting up and lost all of our programming.  House was just ending by the time we realized 
House was sad last night.  But Go Heels!
I don't think I want to see that episode of House 
shit what at House. Kutner! 
Kutner RIP.  Good for &quot;House&quot;, the series I mean.
@halfpastoctober Oh, tell me about it! I was only ever able to get to the House that Ruth Built once. 
Is sad that they killed Kutner on House. 
@jennawenna someone just spoiled House for me too.. 
@JaylaStarr is House MD still an AHole?? or has he changed character yet ... I lost track of that show months ago 
I dislike the neighbor kids. I'm not nice either. I just realized though that they probably think I'm like the old man in Monster House. 
@Kal_Penn I miss you on House 
no more &quot;House&quot;!  its my favorite show and the main guy is going to work in the white house. wtf??!! that is the most randomest shit ever.
Sittin at the Hookah House, very very bored out of my mind. i miss my hunnie!! 
At home most of d weekend drowning in Grey's Anatomy n House DVDs. Nursed really bad abdomenal cramps 
@heidimontag Cleaning House 
O...M....G....he killed himself *cries* I am sooo late....with my House episodes 
Gathering up my signs and flyers and going to do an Open House for one of my listings.  Too bad it's raining. . . 
Eating at The Dawg House then heading back to Chattanooga. 
I had Waffle House at like 5am - then proceeded to drop it on my living room rug.  Grits are VERY hard to clean up when you're drunk.  
House rents are recession proof .. Salaries arnt 
@pdub  it's just the search engine, had my hopes up that @stephenfry and that House bloke were going to do a new series: http://tr.im/jdmN
@lauritax Heyyy, sorry I went to sleep. Any news, everything boring, and it's monday without House. 
PS: HAPPY 4:20!! I wish I could go to the Parliament Hill tonight 
@jmastrodonato no House tonight 
Wishing House was on last nite..wat is up with havin to wait another week 
So sad... House of Chen is closed 
@edgehaedjr No. House power went out, then came on and surged the power cord of it. I need a new one of those, but none seems to have one 
@sheepsclothing I hate not having chairs   House = ugly.  Feet = sore.
House party was awsome! But these motherfucking labourers woke me up! Fuckers!! I need sleep.. 
House wont be on terrestrial anymore  just hope im able to catch it otherwise other methods
@laalanthika lmao wat dya mean word count? Nd hahaha aw my essays r gttin better! :p bt err doubt it.. House arrest remember!!  wbu? ..S.x
@shwS yay! House! boo! Internets! ^^ Dexter is reallyyy good too if you can find someone with S01, seeing as a d/l won't be possible 
Just had my worst Waffle House experience ever  They made my order wrong then tried to over-charge me, on top of shoddy service! *smh*
House closing was delayed 
Flight of the Conchords was excellent, wish I had gone to the Safe House last night when they were there 
was a rough night here in the House of Rous thanks to daughter#2 being unsettled. I ended up on sofa bed with her 
House cleaning with the lovely wife.  No garden today....darn rain 
Guess rainy days are not good Open House days 
You know its bad when you know what episode of House it is in the first 30 seconds of the show... Holy shit, i have no social life... 
@420thoughts Am told it will pass the House w flying colors-the Senate is gng 2 B a BITCH!!  Am dumbfounded at the closed minds there
I don't feel in the mood to do anything today   I just want to play House Of The Dead: Overkill and fail at life.
is packing her size 2 &amp; 4 size dresses 2 give 2 Covenant House transitional living home, threw away old sour cream &amp; ate a Lean Cuisine 
@aplusk No tweets from the White House Correspondents' Dinner 
@rklarsson english. we ended up watching Animal House. first few seconds were scary enough for me. i'm a big wuss 
@nike_of_athens I KNOW. It blew me away. Left me totally dumbfounded. I definitely did NOT see that coming. Poor House. 
just finished watching the House season finale. WHAT?! Argh can't wait until next season. Wilson, you really do care about him. &lt;3 KUTNER 
#House didn't like the finale  going to bed
I'm still sad 'bout the season finale of House md.  I'll go and take a siesta.
@kmich17 House is quiet without you...too quiet....I mich you I mich you, I really want to kishh you..but I cant  Kish me thru the phone?
So sad, House has checked himself into a mental institute. TV has never been soo sad. 
Totally watching Little House On The Prairie thinkin' bous mu mom 
Maybe I'm just emotional, but the ep 23 of House is making me cry a ton 
I feel fucked over by the writers of House. But, I have to accept that House will never change and he will never be happy with ANYONE. 
E acabou House 
House small biz meeting not on CSPAN online #CPSIA 
Just watched the House season finale. 
I'm @ my cousins House! And EVERYone ,countin Bre went to sleep on me! We jus stayin the night cause I'm way 2 tired 2 drive home 
At My Friends House (2:41 am and not tired) i'm gonna miss my lovaaa who's leavin for florida 
Headed home. House of pies is too packed 
Catching up with House MD. Episode 5x13 was so painfully crappy, I don't know why I bother. I know it will get better again, but gaaargh! 
The Bronx Zoo closed the House of Darkness! Boo 
@commongrind @trisstephenson I need to see the Angel Coffee House too, need some decent coffee near Milton Keynes 
House Work 
@WonderCaitlin lol aww  I guess you'll have to d/l it xD which you could be doing right now seeing as House has been out ages &gt;.&lt;;
;( House's Season finale... 
@TLRMike lol - that's quite some bill! 
What a good feeling. Just got out a long hot shower. House is clean, laundry &amp; dishes done.  To bad I have to go to work at 1 
Too bad Im going to miss the show at the Glass House tonight!!! 
Crystal Method at the House of Blues tonight, wish we could have stayed 
Someone fetch me and feed me waffles from Pancake House 
I just chose the wrong hour to go a dog walk Skies opened down came a LOT of rain. House now filled with wet dog aroma 
@KitMeowMeow yeah, but most of the shops I checked out don't have the wayferer styles. I'll take my chances at Custom House or online. 
Motion City Sountrack playing at the White House for xmas 09!? That's guna b SiiiiiCK. I would totally go if it wasnt invite only 
I'm going to finish Full House season 8 today... 
Invited to the White House for the Credit Card bill siging!  But can't go because I'll miss my flight, and miss a wedding 
@having Dinner and Watching House M.D. S03E05 . Need to study after that. MP-Pre-Mca test on 24th. Missed RMCAAT's last date 
Depressed the spineless Senate voted down, 90 to 6, closing GITMO - I could close it for nothing... the last one out turns off light 
went to CURRY HOUSE in irvine today. that place was pretty bomb but it wasnt better than Curry House in Hawaii 
is now going to watch House before going to bed....I am really missing my Dearest One 
So hot...wanna watch &quot;House&quot; naked, but my sister is home. Have to settle for a t-shirt and a fan. 
So sad that I finally finished the whole series of Full House 
Just walked past flowers on the corner, along with a copy of &quot;Little House on the Prairie,&quot; for this girl.    http://tinyurl.com/ntj2jo
@hughlaurie I am so mad that House is over   can't wait for next season!
@OXtravaganza and I was just gonna ask you if you wanted to go to CLUB Hidden House on sat night. hehe. 
Any city person want to trade n live in the country? House comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck. *sigh* 
Working late with only The House of Love for company. Just what I want to be doing on a summer evening when I should be out with people 
Those houses were a bust. House 1 smelled like a bowling alley and was maaad gross and house 2 needed a new roof and basement 
Had to stay home while my wife takes my daughter and a few friends out to Tokyo Steak House - sadly my body is not cooperating today 
Cleaning the House! Im so boring.. 
House hunting for next year= No FUN! 
I was excited when I got to catch an episode of House. Bummed when it was the one where Amber dies 
@iFrankM my sister and I were about to head over to Yard House but they have 0 free tables 
always seems to watch this episode &quot;House&quot; when she's already depressed.  Damn it all.  It's just -so- sad! 
@OriconAilin House needs a hug after those episodes too! 
@JoinTheImpact IL House website states they've extended the civil union bill's deadline to 5/31. No roll calls yet. 
@Bradmchargue I have 2 pass on Waffle House  work @ 8 a.m. then driving home. All yours Tues. night, bringin' gifts of alcohol and women..
Town House = old people 
Just saw the finale of House. 
Cousins place should be on Cribs AND Clean House!  Trying to sleep with all this mess is not going to happen   EW an old 1/2 eaten ban ...
Cousins place should be on Cribs and Clean House! Trying to sleep in this mess is not going to happen. EW an old 1/2 eaten banana 
House &amp; cuddy! House &amp; cuddy! House is crazy ... 
I made it to Waffle House safely! Im waiting on my food. I'm not used to coming here alone  If, only u knew...
No time to visit House of Fetish  maybe tomorrow depending @immortalgoddess's frame of mind.
@Sagan_Myers Waffle House?!?! You bitches! You leave me with the drunken asshole and then go to Waffle House?  I'm sad.
the photographer's exhibition with Adidas was brilliant, soo busy, went Shoreditch House then curry, lost Wale   shoes were killin me!!
I should call this place &quot;The House of Snores&quot; 
Damn! I'm in India when N-Dubz are coming to the Opera House 
House warming party today yay but I so need a nap before I only got like 10 hours of sleep in the last 3 nights 
Faculty told 10am, everyone else told 9:30am...we were all late to Open House. No students for WDIM 
has anyone seen my book Wedding Belles in the stores? need to take it up with Random House... where's all the promotional hoopla? 
Waffle House again for breakfast today. the bacon was burnt this time 
House cleaning 
Feeling so terrible I had to stay home from the bf's seminar.  I'm watching the House marathon and diagnosing myself.  #nowahypocondriac
This episode of House was SAD. 
House sitting till tomorrow and work at 8 am 
Wow there would be House marathon whenever I have to work 
@evapoo What!?! House marathon! I missed it 
watching 'Night At The Museum'... better than I thought it would be. And pouting that I can't go to Sarah's tomorrow to see House 
House to myself all weekend.. Hate being home alone  what to do tonight, what to do??
Yvonne left  House is going to be in shambles now without her.
Watched House marathon on JetBlue. Yes. I miss him that much. 
@Calabrese666 hey hows the album going! totally need to tab &quot;House of Mysterious Secrets&quot;, my fav song and i cant play the solo/bridge 
watching House and then studying 4 finals  wish me luck! atleast this is the last wk of school!
House marathon is over 
I have so much krazy glue atm, the ideas of what I could do w/it make me giddy. Then I flashback to House of Wax and I get MAJOR SQUICK. 
I want Waffle House but its so fatty. 
drea_dear: House update - this is my unhappy face  http://tinyurl.com/kjtnqv
Omg im watching the episode of House where Wilson broke up with House and im heartbroken 
just got done watching House. The eppy where Wilson leaves. 
Came out the club. Now lookin for somewhere to eat. Mofongo House is too packed 
How crap, Sky purchased rights for House. Dammit! 
is going to miss @atwossybookclub and House season 5 tonight. It is *so* not fair 
Someone visit my bench @ Arch Street Meeting House. I'm lonely. 
@2DForever They put House of the Dead 2 &amp; 3 in the box of Overkill 
Finishing cleaning the bathroom, then leaving Town House 5C forever... 
think &quot;Mental&quot; is some kind of copy of House M.D.. they even have their own &quot;Cuddy&quot;.. not impressed at all   you copy House-you fail!
 @moogyboobles AHHHHHH - bloody Five. Why did they give away House (and me the Sky subscription)?
@MzJanee ... I didn't win  enjoy yourself for me, and yes the Steak House goes hand &amp;hand with the Fox
House sad 
omg!! House Season 5 finale was brilliant..one of the best ever season finales..feel sad for him,hope he's alright 
House has just finished gota wait a week for the episode 
sem tempo na lan House 
Long day.  Open House at work.  Yes! on a Sunday 
at Stanford Guest House, CA is too hot  should find food at some point.
@KimKardashian Me too......  I love the show. I'm glad Run's House is coming back on. I'm going to miss u guys. Enjoy your summer.
Started House of 1000 Corpses, time to scream like like little girl and not sleep tonight 
I'm stuck watching House Hunters, and deprived from MTV Movie Awards  I have a serious dislike for House-changing shows
@sorrydad sigh..House of prime rib  memories of better days right around the corner on Washington. A picture for me for old times  enjoy
is craving for Cheese Waffle from Pancake House. 
Am hungry..  Waitin for 8 o'clock to strike so that I can go home, cook, eat, play with Orion, watch Leverage &amp; House.
@danhitmusic 8/10, beautiful weather, great 2 days with my bf, caught up on House season 4. Lost 2 points cos chelski beat everton 
@odayski Me, me! (watch House-red) I watched 5 episodes back-to-back. Couldn't stop! The ending is truly wtf... 
@joeymcintyre to get to the closest Waffle House....but I love it. I missed u guys in 1990 by about an hour in NC at a waffle house  luv u
House was perfect otherwise.  
Leaving Lake House today. 
@amypaffrath LOL...what is with the Waffle House? The NKOTB were just tweeting about it too....we dont have any up here in PA. 
I am now craving waffles thanks to @donniewahlberg and @joeymcintyre, but we don't have Waffle House in this country!!  deprived 
@Charlotteis Aww, I'm sorry  I need the money for my fourth Safe House, hehehe x
Mummy had to clean up puddles of sick when she got home from work - I have had a poorly tummy  House was too hot for me today 
@LuvMyDJ I need to get to the gym. House sitting has killed my weekend. 
House prices 'will fall further'    http://bit.ly/MlIQd
@Guynnie i would be snacking right now except the smallest bill i've got is a 20 
Watching House durring lunch at work- don't want to go back 
Watching House Hunters..  I want my own house 
Watching House then going to sleep! Work and dance all day tomorrow..annnnd, bae leaves for the rest of the week 
Just watched the season finale of House. 
@danishNKfever I love Waffle House I miss it   We don't have any in Cali... did you eat in there?
@shoewhore All day my stomach wasn't doing well. No more Tofu House!!! 
One of the best dinners ever tonight at The House with @bbalfour. Bittersweet considering the visit is coming to an end 
Fuck House Bill # 844. Louisiana sucks some days. 
A week for @yesrevolve website concept. 2 days for my English essay rewrite  Less than an hour to another episode of House. This is Life.
I worship House MD. BUT swear, I'd freak out if I see anyone wearing white coats and I am the patient! 
@dementia 'no audio' is exactly how those Congressmen like it. It'll be over before we know it. 
I cannot believe bill 44 passed - very very sad 
@YoungQ No Waffle House  I ate a breakfast bar....such a big breakfast!                 ~Kamy~
@YoungQ Somewhere with the guys  Waffle House?? I wanna go!!!! Come pick me up! 3rd Pine Tree on the left!!! haha! j/k
Help! I need two tickets to Gogol Bordello on Friday @ the House of Blues in Boston. 
Why the heck didnt the republicans put in place better health care when they had the chance? Now we don't stand chance with Dems plan. 
Just realised I toally forgot tonights rerun of House because I was too busy surfing the a-ha websites. Only caught the last 30 seconds. 
#badsex is when im hitting it while watching tyler perry's House of Payne 
NBC White House Coverage - more commercials than coverage to my mind. 
(@Happy__House) i'm 21 years old on my birth certificate... but only 12 years old in my pants... 
I NEED A HOB  lmao.. House bunny... but seriously. i need a job 
@allelbows ewww  that's one expensive net bill
GoodBye Old House, Hello New House. Tonight is our last night here and then its bye bye.  I'm kind of sad but change means good.
Been busy all day...House arrangements. Finally taking a break (sleep), have to get up in the morning for a school meeting 
OMG crying over that ep of House..i cant even deal..so sad  but i loveeeeee
House-sitting is scary when you sleep alone. And I fucked up my Jeep tonight 
@jordanknight I've never even been to a Waffle House! 
House we really wanted just got sold.  (Not to us) Back to the drawing board. Starting to feel like we are the stars of Property Virgins!!
at home... all on my lonesome    lol! Woooooo! House to myself!  lol!
i just watched 10 episodes of House in one day. thats like 10 hours. oh wait i have mid terms on monday..yay 
but I'm bummed we won't get to see the House on the Rock tomorrow 
Really want to go and The Last House on the Left but it's an 18 
watching Little House on the Prairie. Almanzo is pretty cute. still feeling sick though. ugh. 
The power will be out til 8:15. And all I wanted to do was come home and watch House. 
@jamieluvsjordan HEY!!!  How was Waffle House???  Yes we are home!    Wish we could press rewind!  We had a great time!!!
Shit! House of cards me hace recordar una etapa donde estuve clavadisisisima con un wey... 
downloaded all House, M.D season 5 ...couldnt be bothered waiting for Sky1. i do hope its not schizophrenia he has 
Just broke down watching the White House thing thinking about what could have been. I can't believe it's been a year 
@sunflowercynic I miss you already, dear...&amp; watched the episode of Full House today with Papouli 
Is In The House Tonite  !
House hunting, my worst nightmare 
Ugh House work later peeps ! 
The cat just walked across my laptop while I was on play.com looking up The Unit box sets. He clicked on Art House. 
200 yrds never seemed so far away!  I wish Waffle House delivered  
http://twitpic.com/6qvxl Helooooo Waffle House! Didn't realize just how far down South we were. Sadly no @NKOTB in sight 
Watching Road House but they cut out Patrick Swayze's butt. 
House is a mess. Big clean up session tonight before the cleaner comes on Monday morning. Sounds wierd, clean up for the cleaner 
At Cinci zoo with Pam. Cat House should be renamed Sad Cat House. All of them made this face 
Just finished doing the &quot;street appeal&quot; to the front for the Open House tomorrow. Had to do it myself since the Stagers didn't come down! 
Had my last meal at Ithaca Ale House today... 
House parties with my dad's friends are never any fun 
Gettinng laaaazzy  Watchin The Cider House Rules
Wishing there was still House 
@naceprettub good. And why will I hate bill? 
I think I need some Filipino soup. House of Sisig is so far though 
Amazing! Joo Chiat Open House is packed! Someone offered $460K! But its too far from the asking price of $560K! 
Urgh you know you've watched too much House when you have a horrible dream about getting some rare disease 
Have shopped &amp; now preparing food for the masses &amp; already son has opted out of family gathering.House rules list about to be drawn up 
@Glebe2037  Have you taken any of the Opera House sails yet?  I tried last night with my little camera but didn't turn out too well. 
ohh.. i watched the last 2 episodes of the 4th season of House MD. It was soooo sad.  I LOVE 13! &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
@House_Beautiful A blue, white, and fresh design we can't get enough = Your link was broken and unviewable 
Sick and watching Dr. House whole day long since 4 days... I want to be able to play again... 
Oh joy, bro-in-law has popped in for a suprise visit with kids (and parked in my space). &quot;House&quot; is on the telly. Dinner will be late 
#House and the #Apprentice both at the same time. Not too happy about that. Not interested in the ratings wars, just want to watch TV 
what am i going to do no LOST tonight,   will need to settle with House
contd = Wilson could also endlessly mock House for his beard, god I can't wait till the season 6 premiere of House 
I'll go Skate Boarding Down My House!  But...I'm sad, One person isn't with me now! s2  
No one showed up for our Open House. I made brownies and everything! 
House has finished. Gota wait a week for next eps now 
Watching Dr.House, Thats the only thing keeping me busy now 
House is so cold the nutella has solidified. 
@joaniemaloney i know, right?  why, bill, why 
watching House but my discs are all labeled incorrectly 
@TheJenEffect Then we could play all the time! But your man might not sell as many scooters  Ah... I love you two. House warming?
#musicmonday Crowded House &quot;Something So Strong&quot;   I miss Paul   
@KateEdwards Have you identified why your bill is so high! 
Looks like the Senate is DEADLOCKED...31 Dems, 31 Rep.  So much fun in Albany these days 
House inspection tomorrow. Time to clean up the house 
Trip to Transportation Museum rained out  Plan B...the Magic House.
Trying Maxwell House 4 the 1st time... Store was out of Folgers  Making my morning iced mocha &amp; getting ready to watch #TRUEBLOOD! RAWR!
my eyes are back to normal again!! I am no longer an X-File. Or a plotline for Fringe. Or House, come to think of it. Aw, crap 
Day off tomorrow, no kids and wife in work... What to do? Any suggestions? House and garden tidy and forecast rain 
- Reruns of &quot;House&quot; that have Kal Penn in them make me sad 
just watched 4 episodes of &quot;Runs House&quot; . .I love them!! and I miss the Osbournes 
Just a matter of time before I am out like a light. I think I may miss Run's House tonight... 
House was brilliant tonight!! Poor Cuddy. 
Run's House makes me miss kyle  I need to fly him down every Monday just so I can feel at home!LOL
Run's House is the shit LOL wish I could watch it but I'm at work 
Omg. Runs House on too! Why they do this to me 
Don't have cable so I can't watch Run's House 
Now onto the premiere of Run's House....they soooo make me want to be on vacation 
Dang I'm missin Run's House 
I wanna go to hawaii   ... damn you Run's House lol
@srmccarthy WTF Indeed! House hallucinated the whole thing. 
Watching Runs House , hoping my lil guy feels better 
@SarahAnnGreen Of course, the vagaries of the free version of Companies House reports means there's always some doubt 
Just went House hunting. Didn't like what i see. 
House hunting begins yet again..it's going to be a long day of phone calls  Wedding planning will be put off for a week  Y no fun times?
House back on market  Buyer lost job and loan  please pray we find another buyer quickly! I want us to be family again.
Link: Obama blocks access to White House visitor list - So disappointing.  http://tumblr.com/xqk2273sd
So much to transparency...Just like Bush, Obama blocks access to White House records. I expected more change.  http://bit.ly/CbZH5
House bunny finished 
@ChiWright Yes sir, Mister House Doctor sir... Whatever you say, sir.  How's that duet coming along? IIIII want free candy. 
@bloggerdad House smells like brocolli?  No WONDER the kids are crying!...I would, too.   
Forgot to put up the trash!  @ House of Baker http://loopt.us/gLGkDw.t
@janjaanne It's been awhile  Let's chill...KBBQ? Yard House? Oinkster's? Mexican? I don't know when though, my schedule is packed.
I was feeling fairly awesome until I opened my electric bill. 
The 'rents went to The Freight House tonight. I miss those crazy girls!! 
@Real_DavidCook I'm so bummed, was gone for the weekend and missed out on tickets to see you at the House of Blues 
House is so empty with Ursula overnight at the vet 
@erickimberlin OHMYGOD you're insane! House is the greatest show on the face of the earth. That saddens me 
@SuddenlySandy the only people who can investigate it is Congress and we can see that's not going to happen 
@gemmak500 hello Petal. House move is on! OH is getting more stressed as her OCD is tested. I am, of course, in firing line. So no change 
i miss tuesdays at My House like crazy. i wanna get on the next flight to LA! i bet tonight it s nuts everybody talking about it damn 
I love Dewey from Malcolm in the Middle, he played Fuzzy in Cider House Rules; he died  
after a couple days clear, eyes are now both infected again  maybe I'm allergic to this stupid town?! House move - delayed 
@DonnieWahlberg We love you guys!  TWUGS! Since you didnt come to Waffle House in VA Beach! 
House was great! But it's too expensive, because of the garage that belongs to the house. We don't need a garage 
I want to apply for this White House Project thing but I know I wouldn't get it and I don't know how much it costs.  Shouldn't bother, ...
House is clean. Now i have to iron. Just counted 17 golf shirts and there's a whole lot more in the pile  @chadpstevens where are you?
@shannonrita no House Rules 
Another angry protest down Congress making me have to stay late at work 
At the promo for The Proposal.  No Alamo Draft House this time.  
@spacemodulator yeah--maybe someone was protesting my House floor tweets.  
House fell through today   Working with Joe Schrank in morning. A lot more appetizer sampling, shaking hands and kissing babies.
3rd thing that disturbs me... Cracker Barrel is not open all night like Waffle House 
I really missed blueberry cheesecake from Tea House... But i still have no time to go to Baguio.. 
So pissed I had to get rid of my $2 bill 
mm I'm so hungry  just waiting in here for House to start
Oh great. House shitty soap routine still in full effect I see 
Trying to watch old episodes of House but they are streaming so slowly 
Just watched Dr House, omg, it's so sad 
Both My House Phones Broke 
House MD es repetido bummer! 
Santigold is at House of Blues right now, only 30 minutes from me, and i cant go 
I really wanna watch House Pary but it's on BET  probably not
Just finished party-food shopping. There's something so satisfying about spending Ma's money. Last Red House lunch of the year tomorrow, 
Damn I rly missed all of House Party 2.  I need to go buy some DVDs asap
Oh snap, House Party is on BET!  not the first though 
Ever feel like no matter how hard and long you work .. House-work is NEVER done!!! 
@ryanklong I'm missing Huddle House!!! Oh sad day! 
Moving put day  ByeBye House, you were a very good house, its not you its me
Moving out day  ByeBye House, you were a very good house, its not you its me
@BIGDADDY555 Did you hear that we have tickets for the White House tour?  Alfred will be beside himself!  I don't get to go 
Has the busiest hungover day everrrr!  Dance rehearsal at 10, lunch with friends, work, Ayr Races for a flutter, Mansion House tonight! ah
@HHCMeg I'm sorry.  I had a dream about House. And one about Twitter.
Dave's contract has been renewed for 6 months I'm feeling better  Kids are being good  Weather is sunny  House is in a mess 
FDA - Nestle Toll House cookie dough recall - E-Coli risk. Includes dough as well as ice cream with cookie dough 
What!?! Toll House cookie dough recalled!  We just ate cookies 2 nights ago.  I guess we would already be sick if we have ecoli poisoning 
The FDA &amp; CDC say don't eat Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough b/c risk of contamination of E. coli. (Nooooooo!) 
@jiphex Sadly not, bizarre weekend of busy. House inspection, F1 and Bill Bailey 
I'm watching Clean House. I miss Necie, some new girl's subbing for her. 
cars clean-check, Dogs Boarded-check, House Clean-check, Pack...  in progress
@joelmchale wish I could be there. Louisville has the best Joe's Crab Shack, horse and carriage rides, and the Galt House.  
Toll House cookie dough recalled, linked to E. coli - http://bit.ly/evtmk #cnn..woah so it's true that you prop shouldn't eat it raw 
So I totally miss watching my fav show &quot;House&quot;  I need to turn on the tube ASAP!
Getting back from Santi's House.. Man I'm beat..! 
Toll House cookie dough recalled, linked to E. coli - http://bit.ly/evtmk #cnn Looks like I'll be sleeping alone tonight 
House seems lonely now 
@tonyhawk coasted thru the White House halls, &amp; in2 the history books 2day: http://bit.ly/JKK2b &quot;No sk8ing in the White House!&quot; 
@Barnes_House you got sushi...without me?!? 
I wanna go to the tapioca House 
Toll House cookie dough has been recalled because of possible E. coli contamination.   Guess I should learn to beak from scratch.
Toll House cookie dough has been recalled because of possible E. coli contamination.  Guess I should learn to bake from scratch.
apparently, FLLW's Ennis House is for sale because it needed more maintenance than its nonprofit could provide. sigh.http://bit.ly/fllweh 
So much for rumors.... well I hope we hear about the MN Senate race before the next election...  
Watching House... I'm very Bored and I miss my bff soo much  can't wait til we go on our vacation in 2 weeks!!
On our way to Geisha House....i think we r going to be late 
House to myself. Someone please come over? 
Watching disk 2 of Mad Mad House... I wish the first dvd would work in my lame-o player. 
Iranians en verts- yes I apologize for my Congress, I do not know why they would pass something now. They think they are too important 
I wish 6 year olds could watch House 
Run's House ... cousin Jessica has a husky ass voice ... not attractive 
packin' up to go to beach with The Cabinet.  Will be great!  Kiley cannot come.  House inspection while we're gone.  Cross fingers!
House is a mess, need to do some cleaning.  Still need to get groceries  
it's 7:52 and I'm up.  can't sleeeeeep!!!! Watching Runs House! 
Nestle USA recalls Toll House cookie dough products http://usat.me/?35404568  dang homie
House in disarray.....getting the works done......&amp; losing patience 
@carrietino  The 'signage' for your Open House is awesome!  They did a great job.  Makes me sad though.  
House Chores today 
I don't like that strangers take away my grandparents furniture. It's real now. House is empty. They're really gone 
And there is the Union Oyster House... No @DonnieWahlberg there this time either 
Cleaning My House need help 
House shopping in the valley, solo 
The last episode of House series 5 is a major mind fuck! My head hurts 
Open House was extremely unsuccessful 
okay the the Open House at Laurel Bay was a bust 
House is at 79F* now. This is ridiculous. My AC is either broken or struggling. 
House is at 79F* now. This is ridiculous. My AC is either broken or struggling. 
House of prime rib w/ dads fam. Im still full frm lunch 
Gave the dogs a bath today.  House now smells like wet dog.  
Finished all 5 seasons of House.. 3 months until season 6 premiers 
loved Wendy House but wasnt to pleased with Robs house being broken into 
Though I did miss out on X-Files night last night, since I was too busy being sick  And House tonight so I can't moan there's nothing on.
Watching House MD. Love it but can't believe ****** killed himself 
@halfwelshdragon@chorale  have you seen the pics, &lt; saw the pics there lovely yeah you were with them in spirit .House work today for me 
House is clean, chicken is marinating, off for a run before spending the evening working   May treat myself to a DVD though.
The White House! But we didn't see Obama  http://twitpic.com/80909
Reading: &quot;Obama signs sweeping anti-smoking bill - White House- msnbc.com&quot;  dick ( http://bit.ly/WSAIq )
Just got back from taking our cat to his new home. Red puffy eyes and a blocked nose - Must be hayfever !! House is very empty 
ugh... I have to buy a new pair of chucks because the EX House ate one... FAIL. Beware. Frat houses are apparently hungry for size 4. 
House Bunny seemed like such a great movie from the start, but it's turning into a tart movie. 
@CheerRayna Awww man, Runs House is playin too? 
Omg Run's House is gonna make me cry 
Runs House is on-please tune in! JoJo's in hot water 
Is at home being bored ass hell . Sucks being home alone &amp;;+  without Jarred  ;;  watching ( Runs House ]
@ThatDamnKwash and we miss watching you  but I'm watching Run's House.
My feet hurt from walking around. Saw the White House at night, but no movement...  haha
@officialpeta plz explain Pam Anderson's Steak House? 
watched three eps of House M.D.! damn addictive! sleepy now 
@FairyForest Oh my goodness, all the rain you have had! Blue birds have left. We think the House Wrens have chased them away 
I'm accomplishing House Chores  @maccabeatz my girl @JBGreenGoddess needs a serious opinion on that N97 Give her your take
3 boys asleep and oldest not home from school yet.  House is clean.  Too bad hubby's not here. 
@CiaoBella50 It is, I hate getting burned!  I drove 2 the Art House holding the seat belt off my shoulder so it wouldn't touch.  Ouch!  
House is streaming slow tonight....only got to watch one episode 
so bummed right now. i spent all day convinced SYTYCD was on tonite and i just realized that it comes on tomorrow-only bc House is on now 
Just finished House season 4... why is it sooooooo sad...? 
House shopping sucks.    Night.
@bill_hader you never update! 
House-sitting alllllllllll alone 
Dear Fox, If you're out there, and you can hear me, could you please make more episodes of House? I have nothing to watch right now 
@jckelou I miss House too 
Couldn't get tickets for outdoor screening of Alien/Poltergeist at Somerset House. Sad 
Trying to sleep as usual, have to wake up in 4 hours. House is being fumigated so I'll be staying at the Holiday Inn in Newps for 2 days. 
House going to be too quiet tonight... 
i'm bored-i'm tired-i'm hungryyyyyyyyyyyy  Ok I'll go to make a tour for the House. xD
in 2 days I'm moving....From a big House to a small apartment 
@x1n Totally. Loved the last few House eps of S05. Now the long wait to 06 
House is mega hot, windows are all open and I'm still sweating! Can't open the back door as neighbours' kitties would come in for a nosey 
Please bow your head for a moment of silence.  We lost one of our chipmunk friends in the pool today.  Sadness @ the Flynn House.  
http://www.flashsell.co.cc/parfumeslist.html - Fragrance House offer up to 70 % off ! Amazing 
@Kal_Penn Congratulation! But I will miss Kutner so much, I'm still in shock  and sad. And thank you for what you did on House! 
@Kal_Penn NOOOOO!!! Kutner was my favorite on House's new team! I'm so sad...but I can't wait for the next thing you're in! 
Gooodnight nashville. House hunting tomorrow...any help... Helps. 
Tue ? it must be time for heavy gym session followed by a few martini's tonite at Egerton House Hotel   ahh I love tuesday's
Watching last night's House while getting ready for work. 
@LadyErlynne well, if Sharmila went to Hogwarts she'd have a House anyways. 
Grove style baby.  Home from work..  About to watch the new House ep.  Meatloaf!!!! 
@Matthew_Day I put the hours in just couldn't get my weight down enough, they wanted me at 7 stone! House chores today! 
Two hours of House? Yes please 
Leaving House now gonna switch to texts 
At Maxi's House. Time for some Horrormovies! 
wants to watch House..NOW  &amp; got Grey's season 4 on DVD 
my uncle died from alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency. I had to get tested for it as a kid - caught my ear when they said it on House hehehee 
About to watch House - sleepover with Lou 
annoyed!!! What is the deal?? Cleaning at midnight for an Open House tommorow. Hopefully we will get lucky 
Runs House 
Just woke up to find out that the budget passed 149-0 at 5 am. Way to go, House! 
Download do House S05E21 quase completo 
OMG. i freaking LAHHHHB that episode of House&lt;3 
@ABright Chef Jia's is the bomb.  House of Nanking is great and all, but not if I have to wait 20 minutes 
@djannalyze it's the Waffle House. That's why you're sober. Order me up some smothered hash browns and grits please 
@DonnieWahlberg amazing night OMG House of Blues was phenomenal a perfect compliment to the Palladium....waiting for my House Call 
Headed to my Father's House.... 
I'm going to see Monsters vs. Aliens today and probably watch House later. Hugh Laurieeeee 
when House says &quot;sista,&quot; it's adorable   when the jimmy johns guys says it, it has an uncomfortable racial undertone.
@DragonsSlippers Excellent!!!  I love Kani House   It's ~always~ good.
I've just added a news article in Myolie Little House 
House now rented for a further 2 months, happy days  http://www.3bedroomtownhouse.com, never thought that would happen this year!
@douglasbass I supose no other restaurant would want Waffle House songs on their jukebox 
Waffle House time  fattttty
Watching The House Bunny and while slightly ashamed I am really enjoying it 
Oh, partying til tuesday, total win! House party tonight, bar/club party tomorrow, lake party monday. 
@jeannjann and now it's figured out!    not you will know what I'm up to (watching House reruns for a bit until I go to bed...) 
@AmeliaDarko yeah...like cuddles with me and maybe a movie. i wanna watch American Pie: Beta House tonight 
Thilde is sleeping in the garden, wifes sleeping too ... Time to watch House MD 
Can't sleep... Watching episodes of House on Hulu... Dr. House just made a Heroes analogy.... I'm happy 
Playlist - done. House cleaned - done. Cooking - in process. Wine o'clock - in 15 minutes.  x
watching the bill 
ok tweeps, gonna watch &quot;House Bunnies&quot; on my iphone now. have fun 
is in a House music mood  ... -&gt; There are only 18 days left :O
I'm getting ready for a fun day of BUSM Open House with the parents and Gala with Eamonn! 
Bridge House last night was amazing, thanks to everyone who came  were playing the star tonight hope to see you there  x
At work...playing in the Sorority House and thinking of all the comp time i'm gonna have for my vacation time 
Original House of Pancakes, Cosco, &amp; Target 
@greghouseismine in the beginning I didn't like it either, but now, I think they look good together. but nothing's like House&amp;Cuddy to me 
Eating lunch with Cheesus at the Zen House 
@chalambar House Vs. Hurricane is a band I like 
@worldofchris Bat for Lashes at Somerset House? See you there 
my husbband isn't going to church again. But I know God has a blessing for me today. The kids and I are on our way to the Lords House 
I wish House was on more often..I never get to see it when I am free..I guess it's a good thing I have internet 
@alexalbrecht Depends, what TV shows? If anything, watch House. 
I think the House of Cullen and House of OZ should get into a scuffle!  That would be fun. Vamps flying around everywhere and sh*t! xD
@INHISGRIP that ain't right...how can you sell Waffle House out like that?  
Had tea @ the Lavender Tea House this morning with sis, mom &amp; auntie...so fun! 
White House joins social networking sites &gt; http://bit.ly/15Fo4X - better late than never 
is going to Rye House Speedway 
House season 5 - good stuff  time with GF, priceless.
I should have know that &quot;extra hand&quot; comment would cause trouble...  About to upload House Music and Beyond Vol. 3
Catching up on 2 weeks of LOST and Grey's!!    House is quiet again.
@seetiggerbounce White House Correspondents Dinner, funny stuff for political junkies. #whcd   I'm a recovering addict.
Watched the White House dinner speech by Barack. He's just so many kinds of awesome! 
White House?  This thing's a lifesaver: http://snipurl.com/hkuj9
I had a GREAT day with you guys today! We went to the Clay House for Emily's birthday &amp; had lots of fun. We will have 2 go there again. 
House of the Muses 4, page 28 is now live.   http://bit.ly/egVW3
watching Season 2, episode 1 of House before bed... what a great bedtime story 
I'm so proud of Dr. House for detoxing.  His Amber hallucination is evil!!
catching up on House  season finale monday!
Mariachi'nin yeni kampanyasi ve beraber gelistirdigimiz Facebook Uygulamasi (Shut The House) Hurriyet'e haber olmus: http://tr.im/msthhh 
just got thru watchin @stephenfry on bones now topping off with House reruns 
Methinks it's time to read A Doll's House + Streetcar and get some quotes, and then PHYSICS! 
off to show houses, houses and more houses...no time for an Open House today ...then headed to The Color Purple...front row 
@alexvirital I like her even more when she is a manifestation of House's evil side 
@HouseDJs download my fresh new funy techie House Mix, perfect for your Ipod   http://www.speedyshare.com/847960747.html FRESH #HouseDJS
@retrodiva Style Network plays so much Clean House it's not even funny. Good show, but belongs on HGTV 
@omarepps watching you on a House re-run...lovin it. 
@orangeflowers I finished WHB and bathroom. Phew! House feels nice again. #flylady. DH is cooking low fat curry 
mm don't feel like doing any work..so i'm going to watch some House &amp; Private Practice and call it a night 
i'm going to Great GrandMa's House 
@LoveValeria looks like boston trying 2 take magic out on our home floor. Imma slap House 
Today was my last day at the Chart House. If you're gonna go out, go out with a bang...and quit on the busiest day of the year 
@knitfemme I want Dr. House to be really mean to me, too. 
@kirstiealley hey kirstie.  how's it going girl? LOL you watch House? funny.
Just watched House &amp; am about to watch Last Chance Harvey. I think I need to watch something starring @stephenfry to round out the night. 
Came back from Open House, finish shower and on the computer  Easier said than done..
Just got home from brother-in-law's house watching a movie. House totally smells like the bratwurst we cooked earlier. I'm in heaven. 
http://twitpic.com/553zz Congress started 
If I can watch House and NCIS tonight, on tape, I'll be so happy 
Home from country rockin' at The House of Blues with @lcole637, @himynameisjr and many others.   Nighty night ya'll.
Have sorted out the location where I shall be watching the Champions League final! Home House! www.homehouseclub.com.... Niiiiiiiiice 
@jonobir Cheers for the info, retweeted as @cwilly was asking. Quality set at the Opera House the other week mate! Was a cracking night 
House to myself   Back to the grind of EVP/Audio review
is watching House 
House hunting later today!  Wish me luck 
@stephykate MamaHush watches House all the time. i heard they had an episode on celiac disease! that got me excited! 
@ff8 House of Flying Daggers is one of my all time favourite Chinese movies! Can't wait to see more of your movies. 
@PatriciaDeWit love the Painted House! half-way through, wish it would last longer 
is excited for Season 6 of House M.D.!  http://plurk.com/p/uaoy5
Harbor House was crazy, saw a bunch of people I know haha 
Just about ready to call it quits for the day. Finished of a revamp of my blog site &amp; am going to read my sci-fi book - House of Suns. 
good morning all! Waiting for the coffee, doing some last minute things before our Open House today. What a beautiful sunny morning! 
House cleaning...sometimes my mom gets too stressed out but it does make me happy the reason behind it 
Watching House Arrest (think that's wut it's called)... Good movie &amp; it's funny 
House hunting sucks. thank god i have my i-pod 
Definition. Bliss: When husband takes all five kids with him for weekly shopping trip to Costco. House is quiet . . . . . . .   
House getting hot so I came into the office to use someone else's A/C.That's conserving right?+I had to feed my twitter habit.  Paul sends
House is empty! Last trip to storage unit done!  Things are looking up 
sitting across the street from the condo, 12 minutes left of the Open House, then we're going home to take naps  long day..
#3hotwords DJ Sam House http://www.hottweeters.com/djsamhouse/hotties 
House &amp; tea 
House vs hurricane on the 5th, heaps excited. I can't wait for brisbane. Sixteen days to go 
Watching desperate housewives right now...Maiara Walsh from Cory in the House is guest starring...ahh 
@babyjameson9 I also like to call it a House Party. It works better if you're watching with a friend though 
And back to the 80s with Crowded House's ROOTS! sister madly!  ? http://blip.fm/~6ir2n
@stephenfry Joanna Lumley for Speaker of the House I'd say 
@kimmybuckley ps House Bunny was great wasn't it? It wasn't just me  when the butch girl asks where the crapper is makes me cry laughing!
@leightonmarissa &lt;3 that movie. Just saw u on House. Wow. Thats all I can say...... 
ZOMG! &quot;The Lake House&quot; Is playing on channel nine soon...I LOVE That movie 
Looks like &quot;House&quot; is confirmed at Monday night, and this is PERFECT for me! 
Discussion on NC House Bill 1110, which would limit heart balm tort claims to pre-separation actions. Good stuff!  http://bit.ly/nw645
@amyhoy Perfect episode for House, MD, if you watch it. 
The new house is just great! Feelin at home! Squeeky floors make it such a charasmatic house. Next week Housewarming Party! Crowded House 
so. nd to call Companies House and say will be trading as self-employed and not thru name, tho name stays protected and mine. phew 
@martincanderson lol  so true    watching Lake House too then?
@dudeman718  Thanks Sweetpea. How are you? House elf showing yet? (We won't go any farther and don't even ask about our housework) 
just finished up checking out the Old Bedford School House w/Mylynka and Lupe for wedding it's AWESOME!! yes we took pictures 
Rehab party, May 30 @ Farii's House  bring it onnnnnnnnnn
@SugarPlumKelly Cider House Rules was AWESOME. 
GOP is still living strong..just rebooting...enjoy while u can Liberals..all good things come to an end... 
@_lizziie_ i prefer House 
today got better, actually.  step-dad gave me a ride to Mike's and I surprised him.    We watched House and Hancock.
@thejessicadrake wow! you know ima order &quot;House of Wicked&quot; first thing manana! you know ive been waiting for it! good night j 2 tha d 
@naughtyeliot I have the first 3  seasons of House M.D. &amp; my guy has the 4th. I LOVE that show x's 10 
