Most common words for this cluster:
[('http', 180), ('today', 149), ('com', 137), ('club', 137), ('quot', 133), ('day', 132), ('amp', 120), ('i', 103), ('time', 97), ('tomorrow', 91), ('nite', 84), ('home', 83)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'C._Pilares', 0.7769725918769836), (u'Fest_Kicks_Off', 0.7660559415817261), (u'F._Munaylla', 0.7637995481491089), (u'M._Chilo', 0.7608428597450256), (u'OPEN_RESTRICTED_1', 0.758121132850647), (u'Bash_Compactor', 0.7559634447097778), (u'V._Urieta_Moran', 0.7512224316596985), (u'K_Sugg', 0.7501915693283081), (u'Morning_Chit_Chat', 0.7495139837265015), (u'SLACKERJACK', 0.7456722855567932)]





Have an invite for &quot;Healthy Dining&quot; session at Ashok Hotel today with Exec Chef R.Chopra but damn workload - will have to skip it! 
@champagnemanoir all rain today  . Garden really needs it so not quite so bad.
@xjerx she's at the Ritz LOL but been there before and it's ok for a gig! Not got any more planned  what about you?
@katyrullman This is why you need to not be over in the Old World. I misses hanging out and being awkward with you 
Tonight's Gyratory System show at the vibe bar will be electronic, due to drummer illness. 
Is upset that she couldn't find &quot;Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster&quot; on Twitter to follow 
Aw balls. The new shirt I got at Aerie today doesn't fit.  I wear a medium, but they only had a small in the one...
@davidtaraso I'm stuck on Chapter 3 Incineration Destination. 
@TomFelton Late nights suckkk!  Gym always makes me feel better though!! Photoshoot for what?
says ayaw magload ng Pet Society haymsad  stupid office computer http://plurk.com/p/n1623
i am going to eat some milk and cookies then going to sleep ZZZzzz....zz Nite everyone. long day tomorrow starts in 3hrs. yikes! 
a pic, and the darn thing flew off before I could.  I can never get those close up shots like in &quot;Birds and Blooms&quot; 
says aww. maintenance ang Pet Society.  http://plurk.com/p/n1mox
Nite all.  It's been quite an epic event for me, setting this all up on my own and the remote dial in to my office didn't go as planned. 
Just stopped in at Subway. They didn't have the Fearless songbook at Music Cellar  Spent 6.50 on theory books I don't even want :/
we owe like $350 dollars to the IRS   Fair tax anyone?  http://www.fairtax.org/site/PageServer?pagename=about_main
The Print Shop can't actually print 11x17 posters.  How the hell do those things get made? This wrinkle is gonna cut into my nap time. 
@murri ohh!! I've been there (Old Spaghetti Factory)!! 'Cept it's been about 20 years... 
So the money they hid in Golden Square has long gone 
filling out my Call to the Bar form :/ just have to find 2 &quot;professional people&quot; to give me a reference 
5 months since the Metro Station &amp; Cash Cash concert 
@jamiexvx omg I love Animal Crossing so much. I was devistated when I realized I lost it when I moved 
Begining my ten page paper for media law this weekend after work  blah! getting advertising quotes for the Paseo Art Festival t-shirts
Laying in bed. Carnival ride hurt me 
is @ the AA Hotel 
@KGMB9 i wish the Hawaii Food Bank's food drive wasn't always so close to the Letter Carrier's Food Drive (May 9) 
Wishing I was going to play golf today. Yard work instead. YAY 
Motel 6s do not have shampoos or conditioners. No blow dryers either. 
Funtime over, back to the painting 
I wish I could make it the Farmer's Market today. 
Wishes she could go see Varsity Fanclub today!!!! 
I want to go to the Death Cab for Cutie Concert 
Go to Cortina Club before 6 for spaghetti dinner-- fundraiser for earthquake victims in Italy! People living in tents.  
Gig tonight, dreading tomorrow 
Last night's Commomwealth Club Annual Gala was incredible. Gloria Duffy rocks, social entrepreneurs rock, again with the $ paddle though 
Just busted out of the International Club satellite to the Big Event.  Took 5th place.....top 4 paid  
Boot Camp was an epic failure. 
Anyways, I just woke up, I'm pretty much a physical mess right now and I'm also sad my dream of seeing Sorority Row with Rudd wasn't real 
Sofa, a film and a pizza.. That's what I want fir this evenings entertainment, alas.. 
@estrellabonita I've never even been down to the Gaslamp.  I need to get out more.  
@Broyhill_Inn Family today, Business Event tomorrow!  When we get back, it's going to snow!  
 No show tonight. Anon Salon has been canceled. What shall I do instead?
Meet Bingo my friends wendy puppy. He looks like my dolce right?  http://twitpic.com/3jt3b
going to play Literati even though I should probably be tackling even more revision 
It was supposed to rain a whole bunch today, so I didn't go out to Old Settler's Music Festival. Now it looks really nice outside. 
i wish i had money to see Death Cab sunday tomorrow 
@TnMChris I'm doin gud ta, 'cept only had 1 glass of red left  Gig brill but got raging tinnitus now. U ok?
Watching 'The Breakfast Club' and missing/thinking about Katie&lt;3   xoxo
Watching 'The Breakfast Club' and missing/thinking about Katie&lt;3   xoxo
Wish I had a car  It's record store day AND Marley Fest!
Hermes watch, Friend + Family 20 off @Saks...should or should not 
Wish I could have gone to Phoenix this weekend for Pure Fashion and to meet a fellow twitter friend but I guess it was not meant to be 
@briannack It was awesome - near Ukranian Village, http://qik.com/video/1496429 the audio interview dropped.  This is horrible. 
Going to bed now. It's been a long depressing rainy day!  Nite!
 No marijuana legalization coming  - The Weed Forums Community ... http://bit.ly/KeL3B
@freakshowmikey @fsbigbob Snuggie Bar crawl looks amazing!!!!  I'm sorry I couldn't be there! 
@FreakPirate Fair enough, just sucks to see you unfun again. 
Rt @LilTanLines I know I'm Special... hahaha But the fucking Special Olympics won't let me compete in their events. 
@gigdiary poor Gig 
Nite Nite tyme twitters...gotta major headache 
Emergency Room - ruptured pinky tendon - 12-16 weeks in a splint.  
I miss Classics. I also miss real university, cause seriously, TCol is not real academia. 
I got them through the Battery Hen Welfare Trust (www.bhwt.org.uk) who arranges adoption opportunities for hens who are deemed past it! 
Nite at the company 
wondering where should I go for dinner... Should I stay put and eat Instant (again  ) or cab to Sembwang Shopping Centre...?
Fleamarket was not exciting 
Oh so sad, Leaky Lounge is not letting me in 
Doing Homeworks.... 
I wish the weekend was longer  less than 90 days until Turkey :p Waterfront Hotel bring it on! Ya! Habibi!
@newtgingrich Today's all the anniversary of the OKC Fedrl Building 
Pet Society is being really slow today 
Listening to the Pet Shop Boys new album for the second time (got it yesterday at last) and I still don't think it's much cop! 
@lillygurl I am here studying...  Beautiful day here though. And theres a wedding show at the Sheraton (Fairmont) today.
@tamre sorry I missed out last night!  Wedding photos and the reception ran longer.  14 hour days kill me sometimes. 
Watching Bowling for Columbine. And realised tomorrow happens to be exactly a decade since the day of the shooting. 
CNNsi.com is blocked at Wegman's &quot;Intimate Apparel/Swimsuit&quot;  
Still stiff/sore from losing that fight with a car yesterday. Bike needs to be inspected so no races today 
doing some laundry, getting ready, then lunch and the Civic...then homework 
@Typewriter oh, see, if I only had a red chair. alas, I cannot write in the taupe chair 
Eight oclock is way to early for a weekend wake up. Renaissance Faire today!! Minus the Bono 
is playing at the BJs Marathon tonight. 11:30 slot is for sad fuckers like us 
REALLY WANTED CREPES frm Crepe Cellar after a night @ Evening Muse..but a 45 min wait @11pm jst was not happenin..so Taco Bell had 2 do 
Closet organizer install complete.  Now for the torture part- going through the mounds of old clothes. 
I'm rather sad that the Open Tournament overlaps the same Sat. block as Solaris Melee &amp; &quot;What's up w/ Catalyst&quot; @ GenCon.  I want all 3.
Last day of Experiments in Cinema...how sad 
Wish I woke up when I got the Tweet about Farina set being streamed from Smart Bar 
Studio, music synth, media ethics mid term. Probably staying in to get everything done due tomorrow. 
@streetztalk @JaysonJPhillips I wasn't there in 06, but I'll take ur word. Y'all need 2 get in that Strolling competition cause it was 
why can't i use Hoot Suite 
@jimmycarr I have the same trouble every time I consider going to Scarsborough Fair 
School tomorrow  (n) We(rhys, amanda, grant) we went ta Glasgow &amp; ran out of Pizza Hut then Grant decides NOT to run so we have to scrape
Hotel pillows, where are thouuu 
My bike ride was really hard because of yesterday Paintball  but at least we had good fun!
Watching The Fifth Element on TNT...and struggling to stay awake. Not cuz of the movie...it rocks...but because I'm just sleepy. 
Maaaan I lost my ability in playing Pet Society 
http://is.gd/toRc New Guinness Beer coming out!!  Anniversary Stout! Starting April 24th. Limited Supply, 
Bike Mission unaccomplished..lekke band..ECHT  morgen herkansing
On the hunt for the best breakfast cereal bar!  Seeds of Change Chcolocate &amp; Raisin Bar not so good 
On the hunt for the best breakfast cereal bar! Seeds of Change Chocolate &amp; Raisin Bar not so good 
Old school slasher flicks...  Haven't done this in a minute..But now how am I suppose to fall asleep 
@Sera_Bishop They just closed Tower Records in NYC - we have no more pure music shops with broad selections. 
Its too. Old for me to leave my bed 
@docky arrrgh, I wish I could make gaaaaaames. Teach me Dock. Teaaaccchh meeee. I want to get MF2 but can't afford too atm. 
I put flyers for my art &amp; card sale out on each table in the Bistro at the gym this morning. People didn't take them   They give 10% off
Trying to figure out a way to end TGIF relationship amicably. 
Has been to the Star Wars exhibition at the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney. It was ace but there was no Salacious 
via @toodamnninja: sleepytime in The Den... why does campus (or one stop for that matter) not have a StarBucks? 
@Peacetran hiya anh Pit. aww  [waves bye to anh Pit's motorcycle]
Why isn't Antique Roadshow online? I'm addicted to that show, but I don't own a TV!  I might have something to sell on there too!
Returned from Center Parcs last night. I now have my cold back - I blame the cold pool. 
I missed out on Sonic Youth tickets 
I could kiss the creator of Wiki's Fight Club page but isn't going to get this in on time 
Is in the worst Hotel ever. Wishing i was at home being drunk and fun with justin 
Gastro seems to be the latest buzz word around uni 
@stewartcutler I'll be at Youth Club then - missing out again  !
Oh no. Starting the rounds of lasts. Prob last visit to fav Newtown cafe Varga Bar. See ya Varga folks 
Hanging out in the back patio of OC Tavern wishing my friend was here 
I miss living in Manhattan so much that I'm even growing fond of Times Square.  http://short.to/6vpc
Enjoyed Fabric Workshop &amp; Museum opening, esp. 50-ft white felt inflatable whale and Cardoso Flea Circus. Didn't have my camera   #aam09
Someone, get me a photo pass to Alkaline Trio and I'll owe you for the rest of my life! Pleaseeeee. 
@cjemison8350 The Harrah's Club without me! 
@leewaters I don't know the show, but I remember the character from Cheers. I guess the show wouldn't work if he was blissful in Capri. 
Home. Had a good evening other than the fact the ducks lost in a close game!  we will get em sunday! We need to..! Nite
Liquor makes it worse 
http://twitpic.com/4e3fj - Loft beds are a hazard for short people  I fell this morning.
Helllo Hetearchs.  Beautiful day in the Test Valley.  Norman Court School Fete today...@ruffle says my attendance is mandatory 
@AngelaKeen u don't have to... Karaoke is all abt enjoying yourself... be free from worry...  besides it's 50min till end of #alohafriday 
http://twitpic.com/4e83p - I'm upset Virgin Mega Store iz closing!!! 
The beds at Greektown are lovely, but I still can't sleep.  who wants to play?
@FM_Doll lol - I watched Jools Holland afterwards &amp; felt old when Sonic Youth looked like they should be on zimmer frames 
Woo woo!!! Derby day is here!!!! Its bittersweet though b/c I'm so sad we are missing the Jazz Festival in NoLa.... 
Smelly busride. Old dirty nasty sweat scent 
In your house I long to be. Room by room patiently. I'll wait for you there like a stone. I'll wait for you there alone 
W/all the local and natl hype about 'The Pit' ate thurs lunch was very dissapointed chopped que way too salty hush pups no flavor 
Bike was way too painful    And now i have horrible throbbing pain that wont go away!!!!
Is Garage Saling in Tulsa!!! But is sad that her baby isn't feeling well 
Wow. Candra is wearing a dress RIGHT out of Titanic. Costume design plagiarism fail? Further proof comics are drawn by men. 
is not having much success with her Garage Sale.     
@withinwithout I will call the venue to follow up on my email to Port Merch yesterday.  
went to bed at 4a.m., up at 9a.m. extremely tired and still not finished downloading my music for iTunes  i think i'm off to Sam's Club?
Off to Home Depot and Sams with Dre, Autumn has to work...  
goimg to b-day party and helping fam move later *goodbye Pack Mansion*       *lots of tears*
Wishing Mayhem Fest was closer 
Breakfast Club is possibly one of the greatest movies in history. However I need a new copy, my one is rather damaged. 
Once again I was invited 2 go Jet Skiing &amp; had 2 pass... Priorities!!  
@mabeliam U lleft me  What? Old fashion street quotes aren't permitted? No offense intended. I include &quot;hard work&quot; when measuring success.
NY Five Boro Bike Ride is tomorrow...sold out...wish I registered early 
I feel bad bcuz my Nephew's Party is 2day n he really wanted that Space Walk 
@michichan I didn't see the rollergirls  I love them! I met them up at the facility up on the 51
wants to form a band... just like The Bloomfields  http://plurk.com/p/rezbo
Windows 7 RC official from MSDN now installed using Boot Camp. Sound drivers not working 
with all of this Last Man Standing nonsense playing in the Dancehall arena Food Network had Last Cake Standing... oh shucks none fell 
@Jams727 over it 
Dinner at Muse in Kensington was the worse service I've ever had. Seriously dissappointed and the server didn't care two shits 
@Fireman17  says U R off air 
Me and @girisrini havin a Movie Marathon here. @girisrini leaving for home tonight  But it has been a wonderful weekend! YAY!!!
is going to Lucky Plaza to remit money for the monthly due of Eton Emerald Loft condominium... 
Today's Plans: Country bike tour; Heinekin tour !!!! (and laundry?  but i'm on vaycay...)
Scene It? Apparently not...  me = suck.
right, off to Grand Designs Live. Only getting to spend one afternoon there this year, instead of several days. 
Lights back; boo 
I wish you could order chocolate to be delivered like pizza. 'Chocolate Hut' or 'Chocimos' - baby in bed so can't go out 
headed to Guitar Center and Woodcraft when they open. Unfortunately leaving empty handed 
Current location - Marine Parade Central. Looking after the car after settling some errands. No HTC Touch HD  - $ http://twitpic.com/4h4et
In Sloane Sq surrounded by the middle classes 
College was boring today  Why does it have to be so hot? I'm bleeding through my skin! And yay, I'm Lit. Club President! Finally!! 
Went to the Boro Jazz Fest yesterday but forgot my umbrella... 
No Farmer's Market  but more sleep.. so
@Fireman17 I'm sorry I missed you. I went to sleep 
lunch w/ friends, High Society last show! 2:30 in Harrison. Strike. Alpha Psi meeting. Sleep. SL tomorrow!! And...lots of school 
Tent's up!! The rain is still coming down...  http://twitpic.com/4hdcw
20 minutes until Guitar Center and Woodcraft open. Credit Cards will be locked in my car. 
Blend in the Parking Garage. 
So...this Hotel for Dogs movie is pretty sad to me. 
Lonely night @ the Owen Hotel 
So I went to the Farmer's Market, met friends to eat then locked myself out of my apt yesterday and hardly moved a thing... time to work 
Walk in the sun followed by a mountain of bar-b-q lovliness, no beer though - designated driver 
Coffee was a bad choice...now I'm all jittery  OH! Heart palp!
No Basketball Bash today   Chase is thinking about a Nerf challenge instead.... urghhh. Can't it just be a lazy, rainy day?!
The bruised finger has a hairline fracture. Probably have to pull out of Moniaive Festival with AbLeg 
Tomorrow I think Ill be going into Starbucks to finish reading Casino Royale! Last day off 
@The_Block_2009 no I didn't save it and can't get it to load either 
@peacecharade oh, thats all? lol  I've had my eye on 4Runners and Pathfinders...can't choose between the 2 tho.. 
@MichaelWittig &amp; @DougRitt Stars Go Dim and Center for Creative Media are NOT ALLOWED to work together until I become a CCMer!!! 
Wow -- the Seattle Animal Shelter had a fire today. 
Watching Platinum Weddings (yet again) and realizing I don't believe in fairy tales anymore... 
The Matterhorn is closed 
@Jams727  disapointing....
For sale: 2 tickets for Iron &amp; Wine @ Swedish American Hall in SF (intimate venue!) this Thursday $60. Can't go 
CHCIs Fiesta de Golf... its super early and rainy... 
Garry's having a fab time at the Festival Hall - 2 performances successfuly completed and the Cocqs rocked. Heading back home tonight 
@eunice007 The Raft Race went great I posted some pics on my Facebook check em out. I have a terrible case of Sinus today 
please make the rain stop ! I am off to Blenhiem Palace and have a bbq to light up later ... 
Studying in Cafe Younes 
so hard to find a 'Big Wheel' for my son to ride around on, i loved mine when i was kid, seems they dont make them anymore... 
@having Stoneyfield Farm Organic peach smoothie &amp;  a pear for breakfast - forgot my water bottle 
Going Grand Designs show now but the weather looks so crap. 
Lovely lunch in Ye Olde Pub in East Meon. Stuffed so no room for pud 
We have another mascot in the office today...not sure what breed of dog, but her name is Bingo and she could care less about me!!!   
Clouds?!? Whups there goes gravity. Nite ride might not have moonlight 
just got home from montgomery Inn and coldstone with CONNECT Group, a good time was had by all!! missed thouse who could not attend 
@ozdj Sheeeet!  Totally forgot about the Capitol Square Computer Treasure Trove!!! Bugger! It is closer to me than York St too  #blisters
Looks like the Diesel Store behind our bldg on Melrose is prepping 4 a BIG party tonite. Just great... Not much chance of sleep then. 
Mercy Seat Tattoo has crashed out of the wiffleball tournament due to a walk off homerun 
Enjoyed walking around Victoria Gardens &amp; chowin' down on  a panini from the Corner Bakery... got a wicked headache now though... 
@newsflic Heard the Tulip Festival is over, they've cut the tulips 
Missing the party at the Saloon for a Final Cut project. 
Bumpin to. Kanye West Family Business, makes me miss my family 
At Backporch- cant get twitpic to work 
At the Marble Room.&quot;California Tapas&quot; Lots of gr8 looking original cocktails. Wish I could have a drink. 
I'm in the car on the way home from Richmond and ''Gay Bar'' just came on #he radio and no one is awake to appreciate this with me 
Circa 1988 o 1989, I'll be there for you 
Station 9 was jumping tonight!  So sad I had to leave!!!  
@therealjovan I too have been missing two friends in particular. Rite choice? Pride prevents revelation of who they be. 
Soiree went very well. Now a day of posting and work 
The Oysters I ate at hotel Newyork kept me on the toilet all night.   I'm still feeling sick
@kendrajaderossi Aw that's close to me but I'm stuck in so much traffic at Hollywood Bowl 
I had a dream I found my leather jacket that I lost at Hotel Roosevelt 
Does anyone want around 5 or more years of Empire Magazine, or knows where I can sell them, need to get rid of them, no room 
@QuiMo it does seem like Block party is done... 
@Misstaken77 ....drinking and dancing...didn't get to put the Block on though 
Sooo gutted I can't be at Cambridge Corn Exchange tonite 
Catching up on week's tv - HIG(more)NFY and Friday's Tru Calling; now on the recap of Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares USA - bad clip show. 
Still have no voice  but a day of Rotaract work ahead of me so can't be too down in the dumps about it!
Just got back from the Circle Bar in Santa Monica where my buddy just got stabbed. nice was to ruin a night. 
@birminghamlive What - no mention of the A Camp review?? 
Motorcycle trip cancelled   ... eom
@QueenofScots67, @LittleMissRuby #wheniwerealad  A Windmill in Old Amsterdam by Ronnie Hilton, but can't find the soundtrack anywhere 
I think @k4tie has gone to The Factory Shop! I managed to break the tin opener 
@LoPro311 sorry to hear it  there's a really cool restaurant in Galesburg that always made up for my bad weekends, Landmark Cafe
So tired. Its so not fair. I guess I am going to log into World of Warcraft. I still haven't come up with a name for my Dog Boutique. 
 Missed the Pearl Jam tickets
Had fun with friends at the Family Fun Center.  Ayumi's leaving soon.. 
I will give absolutely everything just to go to Diagon Alley! 
Bah nothing new in Pet Society that I really must have! 
Last night in DAYTONA  Out at Cruisin and then the Arcade
Still searching for a copy of the old Games Workshop &quot;Blood Bowl&quot; game.  Why does this have to be so hard to find at a reasonable price? 
goin to bed ya'll! cant stay awake for the Block Party   so tired gonna fall asleep on my keyboard... have tweet Dreams peeps! MUAH!
@tararuj Yard sales are fun to go to. But not to setup and run yourself. 
@jcookonline It was so much fun. It makes me wish that Denny's would still let them do their Warped Tour afterparties though 
The Tower Burger is finished.  
@TheFeatureMag I can't see my replies on my bberry either!  suuuucks. Nite soulie.
want to go to the Valley Jazz Fest tonight but I need to do more work  #ihaterotoscoping4eva
NU AM NET  Acum sunt la Plaza Mall, sa-mi verific mailul. *geo has net problems*
When you have to go, you have to go.. Heading to Concorde Lafayette Hotel for a meeting, unfortunately not for a date  #fb
Off to bed my lil sis is graduating from highschool tomorrow mornin  She grew up so fast!!! Nite ya'll ttyl
massage was good... still a bit sore tho  TGIF tomorrow!
Oh ASOS, please don't send me Style Updates with items like this -&gt; http://bit.ly/bMW1o I'm all distracted by pretty sequins now 
@petullant sorry to get ur hopes up, but I already have my Costume planned. 
@Fabthings I have no idea. Travel has no appeal these days 
bah, so would like to be at Futuresonic and Be2Camp this week 
Site updated to include info about SA closing -  - and a new Wicked date
 rt @raffertie: please don't buy the version of Stomping Grounds VIP that has come out. mastering has been screwed up. trying to sort it
wishes that she could go to the Mall of Asia here in the Philippines. err. my parents won't allow me. Huhu. T_T I wanna see the David's. 
Another rainy day   oh well, at least tomorrow is TGIF!!!
#digibcast Room for local mobitv producers. Only 4 of 19 vodacom mobiletv channels are local - etv, mnet2go, rhema &amp; super sport 
Childcare trip was cancelled  back to school.
Underdrome - Warp records live experience @ Roundhouse. Wish i could go  http://bit.ly/v0pK6
Morale is low.  We are running low on snus and Kolonopin.  Forge the river/ Y/N ... N 
Morale is low. We are running low on snus and Kolonopin. Forge the river Y/N ... N 
Rodeo this weekend at Williamson Ag Center which is in my backyard. Looking forward to the traffic 
Underdrome - Warp records live experience @ Roundhouse. Wish i could go  http://bit.ly/v0pK6
Where have the lovely ladies of @Briclyn_Ent been lately? 
Would love to go to the Strawberry Festival but doubt it would help me get my pants buttoned... 
@FirstDigg LUCKY. I couldn't get any tickets at all, but I'm talking about the Madison Square Garden one 
Condensation from drink and cell phone = No bueno  Old phone battery has basically no charge = No bueno tweets on the way home 
On my way home from the Streetcar Soiree...without a streetcar. 
Sore head. Cohi bar, Hunter bar, Hotel Room. No food in my house and im craving a kebab 
i miss Camp T alot right now 
Home from seeing @SkinnyJean_Band at the Powerhouse. I forgot my phone &amp; camera, but they were waiting here at home. Not like my hat. 
Event photography gear loaded into the car, wellies and waterproofs ready. I have a feeling the Maerdy mini rugby may be cancelled though 
Camera fail!  Video of Kick out the Jams didn't happen 
Eugh! Reception sucks, they pass everything on to you! 
@LolaAM lol club is sooooooo overrated    Nite Nite
Out of Patron at Climax 
@greyko I braved the cold and got a rainbow Paddle Pop and a piece of fudge...now the remorse has set in! 
Bike broke down yesterday, now at the shop- I hope it won't be expensive 
Guava Gallery then Hiking with some amazing friends one last time..  going to miss everyone here!
workin on my Room 101 presentation 4 english ugh 
is in Orlando and sad that the Virgin Megastore is closed 
I wish I had a good camera. Photos from 'the finders keepers' at Carriage Works are  Volume, lines &amp; colors have lost their sharpness.
wishes i was in NYC for the Veggie Pride Parade... 
@eldoradobar Friday in the parking lot of Beauty Bar when I went to see friends from Crash Encore play. Fun night, but sucky at the end 
Lol, watching The Soup ( I love this show )...I forgot today is the NY AIDS Walk ( its too late). 
@Olgas_Kitchen you guys should bring back the muffins  my mom said they were really good!
Club 210 officially out of business 
Jealous of @AMCnews right now! I wish I could go 2 the Cannes Film Festival 
Southpark and hash browns. If only they were @dennskymcfish 's hashbrowns 
@trvsbrkr just watching some of your old episodes of Meet the Barkers.. i miss that show mannn!  http://www.vimeo.com/2541773
@viherrera The blind leading the blind! Cab it next time! I don't want to see either one of you hurt! 
@Grand_Macabre I know they should sound like that, but the pops are horrible...happened on transfer, sounds like. don't have midi ped. 
Capital FM Ball!? If anyone knows of anybody who has ANY spare tickets, could they pleeease let me know? I'm desperate to go 
Yipes, I'm hearing new Vine St entrance @ Zoo is really congested. Drury lot now closed to public.  http://tinyurl.com/omgjym
@ChantiParnell Travel and tourism lovey !  i really cannot be bothered!!!  nooo point! 2pm it is
Sitting lonely at Starbucks becuz i lost Joanna in the crowd of Drag  ... Feet killin meeeeee but ready to hit the 9th ave Festival
Missed Art-A-Whirl again.  Wife made it last night and had a good time.
at New Fashion Hair Design in Cupertino. always run into ppl i know here. and they all use the same stylist as me. and always have appts. 
@davidj505  lol well i do  Nudist when im home hahahaahahah
.@TJSharky  of course, this was our Garage Sale weekend - rain on friday, 28 degree north wind yesterday, no sale today, sunny and warm.. 
Yard work.... but I wish the weather was nice 
Beat the final boss in Castle Crashers, but in the split second you have to grab his sword, I missed it 
Tgi Fridays! Vacations over, back to my diet  mmm... Salad
Meet n Greet with Super Cr3w at Eastridge Mall in San Jose today @ 4pm! Be there or be square! i'll be sqaure cuz i have to study! 
@BOBBYFRESH09 hahaha :/ I am !! Old !! I hate it  !!!!
Old friends find hard to call me by my new name 
@renemonney Jam Wow was just not as good tho. 
@doughnuh I haven't played Pet Society in ages because it slows down my PC. 
@samholloway Oof. This is definitely a mild. The last time I had a proper dose, I was in Lower 6th on Lord Mayor's Holidays -- gutted! 
I didn't win Bingo  so close tho!
In Alexsandra Point Medical Centre...something wrong with my friends' feet 
it's pretty cold &amp; brezzy tonite; I guess it makes up for the past nights being hot with no trade winds. Nite, another frkn work wk 2mrrw 
Revising for maths that starts in about 3 hours  Cadburys Hazelnut Brunch Bar 
Went to see Asteroids Galaxy Tour on friday, they did a brilliant version of Marvin Gaye's Inner City Blues. Original does not compare 
Bike ride tonight, I'm really starting to notice the lack of exercise 
didn't took many photos at Japanese Garden today because of dying batteries  but this is how it looked like: http://tinyurl.com/pqf6t3.
I'm so dirty tday   can't wait for fiesta 
@stickypop  | Wish I was eating dinner whilst watching Dragons Den rather than revising for the maths exam 
@gnoserif i REALLY REALLY wanted to go to the Video Games Live concert on 29th.. but I won't be in Singapore  
Smoke is billowing out of the Berlaymont - building is evacuated. Looking for firemen.... there appears to be a lack of them 
Law school is over, but Bar Review is just beginning. Bright and early too 
2 game 7s lost in the Garden in One week.  
Bike had a flat this morning. No ride today 
@Evchen89 Willkommen im Club! 
@JackIngramMusic I havent seen you at Gruene Hall for like 5 years  I feel so deprived
Back in Jolly Ole' for one last day  Just wandering about Picadilly and Covent Gardens for the whole day...relaxing...
Bank hol is a few days away! We all ready for Evolution Festival? www.evolutionfestival.co.uk I would be but I have the in laws up 
I hope there will be bigger news for the Palm Pre than the Wal-Mart news... 
I'm off to listen to my discman like a fucking caveman! @Oaklandish now it's my turn to want a hug 
just remembered: Surfing on the bus is probably *NOT* a good idea if the bus keeps bouncing up and down. 
How to know which are the hotels that are near to Bali Convention Center? Googling doesn't help much 
hmmm, go for a jog in the middle of the day or after dr.'s later, I'm getting a shot today  nooooo Noho lesbian doctors leave me alone!
Breakfast: homemeade banana nut bread w/Harvest margarine (trans-fat free), black chai tea, hot, straight-lots of confusion all over/else 
I can still smell dat Anti Freez all up under my hood 
And my internet has failed me.  i guess its just time to go to bed. Nite yall.
I bought a DLO Jam Jacket with earbud management case but doesn't fit my 1st ipod touch  Suggestions?
Gallery Furniture burned tonight! 
Tonight at Mission Street Food: Trumpet mushrooms with 3x fried potatoes in flatbread: sleeper hit! Tongue, lamb good. No sliders left 
@startuplounge i m clueless abt Startup Lounge  can you plz share some info
Pet Society maintenance. HOW SAD! 
Breakfast, gym, doctor, pharmacy, visit pal in clinic, visit Ant, Tokai meeting, dinner with other pal. I feel like sleeping all day 
@EscapeeDylan awww i missed out!! i was Bar 1 double today! 
i hate basketball! and sport :@ And Sports Palace 
@richardcoote not, hunny  mines thnotty too! Sighhhhhhh. Jhb flu is the suck. When we're better let's do drinks, yes?
Bashed my head twice on the bus this morning. Roof far too low 
I'm sad I'm not at the Gathering this weekend.. 
arrived at #sigint, sitting in the speakers' room (314) in M6; should get a Club Mate from somewhere, just can't leave right now 
aawww I missed the PPPPP  (Pinkberry Parkinglot Party Perfectipn Playa)
I got a Band 4 for ESSA  and seeing that just makes me lose my confidence &lt;/3
Watched movies # 7 &quot;Paul Blart: Mall Cop&quot; and #8 &quot;Hotel for Dogs&quot; last night.  Computer/modem issues 
Morning twitter, just woke and I have a stupid headache that won't go away  good luck for Bash tonight xD hopefully he'll do like Kriss.
I was like a physco scanning every Metro I could find  while pretending to look subtle!!! but no Golden Ticket 
Up my tweeties. TGIF oh wait I work tomorrow. 
I'd forgotten how expensive the @eusa Trade Fair is 
@tejasjulia Insomnia sucks, I hear. Den has it often. I wish I could help you out. 
lower tier tix sorted for BaBa's game. Corner though 
damn....just noticed my father walks with a bit of a limp. Old age + construction work = 
Still no sign of my Graffiti Soul copy from amazon.de  But had a look at a shop earlier.Lots of copies there!
In the beautiful mountain of Marathon county, WI. But it's 4 work. 
@AldoRisolvo haven't had 3 days off in a row in years  I love what I do so I'm not complaining - I just miss saying TGIF so I'm bitter ha!
@FrankieTheSats I would but your not doing Belfast  PS found old issue of Smash Hits with S Club Jrs on the cover lol x
The Cult'll play in Zagreb. Ticket's way too expensive. Pista, dude, someone tried that in 2002, few tickets sold   tinyurl.com/ouzmo2
Operation clean room should have started at 730...oh well. It will start at 9. remember no Csi for Court today- i may die... 
Another brunch at The Breakfast Club. Becoming dangerously habitual.... but bacon is too tasty. 
Last day in the Village 
Getting ready for the Nerd Convention!!!! Yay!!! But I didn't get to make my costume. 
Is getting excited about Hilton Head this weekend but praying that the weather is decent... it's calling for rain rain rain!!! 
Circa rates as the worst place to waste $400. The place smells of sewage from the day spa &amp; pool in such close proximity. 2/10 from me 
That's our Tree Trunk photo on P78 of &quot;My Ontario&quot;!  Also, French Toast on p112 makes me wish I had a better breakfast. 
@Aviary The reason I ask is because  I'm very interested in beta testing several of those apps, but I can't afford the pro subscription 
Comedy Meltdown tonight at meldown comic on sunset, i dont think we will make it 
got 20 dvd iso files to rip , so i can add it to my Movie Collection program 
http://www.urbanacitizen.com/  Schoolbus crash is sad   Look at the Farmer's Market item!
running projector &amp; audio lines for Cafe 20. need bigger beam clamps.  @WillowEOC
I just got the biggest urge ever to play Cap'n Crunch's Crunchling Adventure and it's nowhere to be found online 
Working at E-Bar allllll day. Upset cause I might miss the Magic game tonight 
Only one of my kids like sardines and tabasco sauce on Ritz crackers with cheese. 
@jakriffer I'm going to bed in hopes of a better 2moro! I'm feeling so yuck &amp; still haven't found my happy place.  Nite nite sweetie!
Oh no, the espresso machine at The Book Cafe is busted  I keep coming back though for the strong wifi and power sockets in the floor.
Lifetime member of the Singles Club 
Infected Mushroom - Saturday 07/04/09 at 9:30 PM -Commodore Ballroom - Vancouver, BC - 19+ ...i hate being under age 
Infected Mushroom - Saturday 07/04/09 at 9:30 PM - Commodore Ballroom - Vancouver, BC - 19+ ...i hate being under age 
We realized it was a long shot, but we weren't selected to play at the 10,000 Lakes Festival  
The 27 Club was really moving, it makes me want my bestie 
@CarriBugbee so you'll miss Open Source Bridge 
I wish I was still in L.A. to show my support at the Pop 8 Rally! 
After a long weekend of Patron kisses and drunkard wishes. I'm beginning to miss those fuzzy moments of happiness. 
Just quietly, I'm pretty disappointed with The Alibi Room's change to their veg burrito mix. It's pretty much all refried beans now. 
Hotel fail. No open rooms in paola, ks. Closest hotel=25 miles away 
is still trying to submit my Fiesta mission video for approval.. running into snag after snag hmph  #fiestamovement
just finished flyering at the Passion Pit show. I could hear them, but i couldn't SEE them! 
I wanted to do a trial run of my An Event Apart presentation at BarCamp NYC this weekend but there's absolutely no way I'm gonna be ready 
If my twitter came with music...my page's song would be Imagination (Crown Royale Suite)..no relevance to my life tho'...or my page 
have to be at work at 6:30 am   so come visit me at stompin' grounds on SoCo and get some coffee (or a drank...i won't tell).
rt @johnesmithwick  I miss the Hideout  ~ is it true that all patrons miss h/o until their next visit, again &amp; again?
We just got back from Holiday Plaza where they had a hands-on Lego exhibition which the kids enjoyed. Oh to have a life! 
Just got home from playing Bunco with 20 crazy people.  Lots of fun but didn't win.  
Strike that, reverse it...Lightbox broke the front page featured images. So it's back to square 1. 
@yandrew Moutain Bike? I got a flat today on my road bicycle. 
Just realized I missed out on Gangplank at Next today.  @iboughtamac That's still going happening on Thursdays in the West Valley right?
good time Rocking out @ open mic, thanks 4 all the love n support. Now working on Business plan presentation. No CG again 2nite 
gnite  Fukn Nite * wanted sum {pinga} but couldn't get any  
really, realy want a netbook. mrr. Techno-lust sucks 
Invasion of the Old Ladies has just ended, still have to clean up not going to be able to make it to the tweetup tonight. 
@queeeniee Where's yummiest Pan Mee? For me it's behind Dance Center, Ipoh Garden South. and i miss it  
In trouble - I haven't finished reading Crow Road  Book Club's off for me today I'm afraid. Lazy mare.
@ferretwho Defeated by a Polo 
still can't believe all of the gig posters in the Little Civic have been taken down!? 
Academy Rector with tons of tutors looks like the way to go, since all the good Trix draw engines and mana accel is gone. 
Garden going well, almost all the corn and peas are up, no onions or beets up yet though. 
Travel trade stalwart, David Steele of City Cruises marks his retirement with a Thames Cruise Party tonight - press day means I miss out 
I'm officially on holiday! A week in Center Parcs, no internets  bye my peeps, see you when I return...
Cab is so slow so I will probably miss the first beer... 
Sitting at the Connection listening to the employees reminisce and mope about their last shift 
@cc_chapman #whuffaoke is the same night as @ACDC at Gillette Stadium! 
I want Guitar Hero:World Tour SOO bad. 
Managed to finally get through to someone who had left a message earlier today. Old dog already put to sleep 
Too hot. Station isn't packed but train packed. No windows open on train. Roasted sardines. 
Anxious for my dance recital tonorrow at UP :/ Groove Central will be miiiiissed  Coach Mycs! Loveyouuuu!
   my computer at work is not working...booo... need a new one!  TGIF!
Refusing to accept that the US holiday is over. Heading to Woodies Longboard  Diner in um ... Hove... 
Bar exam madness:  topic for today is torts 
Hmph I had to order some bootleg Pharos GPS phone they dont have the BB I wanted at Office Depot 
Room is so empty 
Potluck for danielle taking veggie tray. I will miss her 
Site of our first date - Macri's Deli - closed.  Lunching at favorite local Greek spot - The Trojan Horse - instead.
Just spent more than 45 minutes looking at the Aud 
http://twitpic.com/675tw - Square B - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
http://twitpic.com/675t7 - Square B - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
http://twitpic.com/675u6 - Square B - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
Not eating funnel cake at Mag Fest is what I am doing 
It's a sad day for beer drinking movie goers. The Speakeasy theaters are no more 
whopee TGIF   that was more fun when i had a job
@Polymath7 hey I didn't get the email yet 
Holy moley! It's raining cats and dogs here! And I just got snazzified by Min at Salon Mint! 
would love to say TGIF but working at 6am tomorrow 
Headed to Parking Facilities to turn in permit renewal. Not being across from the breakroom means I check snailmail once a month. 
Warning tweeting while ridding a Bike is dangero, waaaaaaa!!! *crash* 
Kam just called.  She, Emmy &amp; Laloo went to the Barn.  On their way back now and Keltin is in atomic meltdown mode.  That's a LONG drive 
Just found about ten typos in one story in the Plain Dealer, including one run on sentence. It happens more and more these days 
Wishing I could go with @boulderdiaries to SoCo to go climb, instead I'm stuck at work all weekend 
@rosieperez yes! I can't find one 4 my Curve 8900 
I have had to yield my computer to the Webkinz Fan Club... 
Club day at school &amp; I can't go b/c I hurt myself during school by trippin over some1's backpack. 
@SHELLiZAY hmmm Essense awards would be fun... but also pricy 
I need a job to keep me above waters...thought I had one but apparently its &quot;Casual&quot; so now on the search again 
Welcome to Minnesoooooooota.  Free up some time this trip to catch up! Won't be at Cliquot Club though; they closed 
@Drlebron - Welcome to Minnesoooooooota. Free up some time this trip to catch up! Won't be at Cliquot Club though; they closed 
is sad she is going to miss the Dream Team party... but i didnt RSVP in time. 
Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive. 
REALLY want to go to Maker Faire tomorrow but I am SO SICK.  #makerfaire
On the set of Chuck Bass' New York Palace Hotel. Too bad they weren't filming today.   http://twitpic.com/67nht
@TinaReece Planet Fitness on Van Wyck, keep hearing all the homies tell me bout it, plus its close to the hood, u know my lazzzy ass! 
getting ready to start my work week, it's so not TGIF for me!! It's monday 
At Home Depot and no one will help me load my plywood into my van for some reason.  
OK, time to head into Urban Outfitters to see what catches my eye, then head home, since this rain is hindering any more pics for the day 
It baffles me how much Radio Shack isn't the same Radio Shack I grew up with 
I'm sick and sad .... missing out on Martini Lounge tonight 
@mathewsanders Floor mopping sounds unappealing 
Sushi w/ @ryan888 well cooked veggie for preggo me  now onto Trolley Car birthday party on McKinney Ave. I actially feel awake for once!
I sadly have no voice after the Food Faire and The Academic Pep Rally!! I need my voice. 
Nite nite my fellow tweeters goin to put ma ipod in n listen to some westlife missin those guys  then headin to sleep early start  7am x
@emett55 TGIF is right...I think I broke my toe last night - on my bad foot. 
Little kids annoy the hell outa me by being all active and shouting and attacking me Etc. 
Food @ Cheesecake Factory w/ Travis. He lost his passport btwn SD and LV. 
@shortcakemlt the movie on the plane is Mall Cop- (but i saw it with the nephews already 
Finally done with project 4 (Gymnastics Stamp Series) finally get a chance to rest.. long weekend of cheerleading 
Gaaaah intermission takes so long at Bingo. 
@c0in0perated I smell like Aerie too. I miss you 
Bonyok brkt siangg ini.. Annual honeymoon.. 15 hariiii. Huhu rumah sepiii 
@djbelle Just to San Fran to take the Bar Exam in July.  
Intercom at Walmart: To the owner of a white Dodge Caravan, license plate # *** your dog is in distress, please attend to your vehicle. 
Arg. Pharmacy lost my prescription, have to wait while they quickly refill it 
Its the weekend!! YAY!!..what? I said I'd clean what?  Garage? no..uhm..we dont *have* a garage..yeah.. FINE..I'll clean the damn garage 
@prenvo but the lil Market icon is so cute  will it go to the bin? I like the Market concept. Just maybe rething the branding of tagging.
Listening to Wrecking Hotel Rooms by MxPx I love it but it makes me sad 
said goodbye to my spotlight video peeps.   Other than Catalyst and the Jitter Bean, Spotlight is the what I'll miss most
@MommyKennedy I wish I could enter but we have no TGIF where we are 
@SteelDrivers You all play at the Downhome tonight?  I so wanted to see that show, hate they sold out so early.   Next Time
Bonyok brkt siangg ini.. Annual honeymoon.. Huhu rumah sepiii 2 mgg 
Ballroom dancing in Gym.... kinda sucks  Last Concert of the season tomorrow.... kinda sucks.
Hats are still random, though. 
Oh, come on, guys. No one sent in a MS Paint Masterpiece this week? 
is alone here at Kublai's Cafe. I wonder where are the other organizers 
Paying for the festivities of last night now  Live Nudes Barrack O'PROMa tonight!
Grading exams, watching &quot;Casino Royale&quot;. Worrying for my son, who's in WI with a freshly broken arm.  
Made it to Lynn Haven - prob won't make it to Hofbrau  http://myloc.me/232T
damnit! dj hypeconfirmed attending phat NYE 2010... richard confirmed unattending 
Bike mechanic overtightened a nut on my rear wheel and now I can't unscrew it to repair a puncture 
looking forward to the Monster Jam Truck show tomorrow night.. but not looking forward to putting my dog to sleep in the am! 
Tiki bobs is weird. I miss Necto 
redbuff &amp; bitsy:    about move in.    Saw Kitchen Witches at Boerne Theater--cute.  Meal at Cypress Grill quite good. First time there.
@NathanWhelan i'm so excited for/dreading your last Finer Things Club meeting 
@djai I could use some right now!..couldn't make it to Havana Club tonight  ..hopefully tomorrow I'll make it!..
Working long hours on a manuscript. I need a drink, but no one is available  On the bright side, Passion Pit show is in five days!
Picnic with lil sis (@Anniky) or Pron with my &quot;booski&quot;  ??? Family first see you 2maro lil siss
The Gunslingers: i miss oncore  lol http://tinyurl.com/kmk7ye
@LouisVuittonBum getting cold...  BUT im off to see pink tomorow night!! Floor ticket!
@CristaltheGreat lol I keep a mini-bottle of Patron in my truck...just ask @cause4conceit he thinks im such a horrible driver 
Movie-watching spree! Shopping tomorrow  and searching for free or nearly-free furniture
@johnreuben: Why aren't you going to be at Sonshine this year? I'm gonna miss you! 
East Atlanta Beer Fest Tomorrow! But it's $35...yikes! Dunno about all that 
@cherrytreerec rawr!! please stop leaving Georg and Gustav out of the picture  Tokio Hotel is not Tokio Hotel without them.
Life is boring *yawn* -_- I miss the Weekly Party Club 
Morning all... At swimming lesson with son. Daughter at sleepover collect her later. Cafe is closed so no coffee 
Phoenix Piano Bar in KC: Go for the music/drinks, not the food   Good atmosphere, an older crowd, not too loud, but the food was poor.
http://twitpic.com/68vzn - Winery tour pic4 - and then I hit my head on a screw! 
I have an exam the same day as Strawberry Fair 
There's critical mass bangalore today, Bangalore Biker Club's 2nd b'day. But me busy with work 
@hotsoul Whatever, you can't appreciate good Cinema! 
My MS Trivia rank is 6... I need a faster mobile which doesn't momentarily hang when sending/receiving/opening/replying sms... 
off to work at Home Depot and then Aeropostale. It's got to be a long yucky day  
@aizatto how nice for you. We're stuck indoors. Room full of dudes, kinda warm  #geekcamp
There is a problem with #Steam Community  , could be the servers. I'll have a go on the Left4dead modding tool
So far away from home. Travel to changi airport just to have dinner.  - http://tweet.sg
No seatback TV this flight  good thing it is only about 50 minutes. @ Concourse A http://loopt.us/23Tucg.t
@andgoodbye I had hope to get tickets to see Passion Pit 
@Gel_6 working as an admin assistant was trying to qualify for Youth Allowance but that plans out now  off to africa in oct to cheer me up
@AlanBarber Ah!  @bencurry and I are going to Cigar Affair before the Nerd Lunch...  :/  I won't be able to spare any time afterwards 
Our friends @YonishTrash have not been in to eat at @Amity_Cafe  I think they found somewhere else to eat. I am sad they don't come in 
@jonnyathan I didn't know about it til after the event  besides, I'm skint atm. Hay Festival stalking and car insurance has killed my  ...
wants to earns millions in Pet Society. 
@ponie112 I wanna go shopping too!! But I'm on a budget  and @tchapman85 is def trying to make ur house Club Commerce lol
Finally good weather.  Motorcyle getting fixed mower is down.  Not sure what to do? 
@mariorod1 The shame is, The Depot used to have the BeST red velvet. He changed the recipe a few months ago, it's good, but not great now 
@Simply_Retro that's so fucked up. how did that happen? 
Lounge is shit, bouncers at rooftop bar; alto shot. 
@stevequinlan @ClaireBoyles another vote for Recession Bus Tours,  brilliant, although it's a shame Sainsburys will no longer supply 
Packing... Then going to LKF for THE last time 
grr.. what's with all the leech spam at the Lodge.. 
Chillin on Brighton beach with @jasminespera and the others. Home soon 
4:30 -6:30 predinner. 6:30-7 travel to Tacoma Union Station for Prom. Ends gosh knows when 
Snot Fair...why do I hav ta stay in n revise when it sunny out 
no Habitat for Humanity today... hand is in bad shape... can't work... 
Pondering new venues for live flamenco now that Cuerno's closing   Eyedrum might work, but they don't serve food and it's BYOB.
awwww i was couldnt gt th Tokio Hotel shirt in H&amp;M....made me sad today 
I wish Maker Faire wasn't so far away  i would love to go, but no money to fly to cali and back 
Yard work 
Erf, no Maker Faire for me this year. I need to see if I can get a refund for my ticket. 
Poolside..trying to get over waking up on the wrong side of the bed this morning 
Yard work today 
@mtarkhov Paintball sounds like fun but doesn't it hurt. I'm half asleep right now people kept calling all morning. 
The 'Freebird' Farmer from the Uptown kingston Farmer's Market cut off his lovely locks.  Dana said he never noticed his hair before. ;)
Shrimp on a stick, mini tacos, gorditas, funnel cakes and everything else I can't have at the Houston St. Fair 
Bonfire messed up my nails 
preparing to head out for an evening BBQ with friends. Lovely day for it! Shame the Royal Parks don't allow for them... 
Now sittin at Lansing Mall with nothing to do and nothing to buy. Broke 
I miss Animal Collective. 
awwwww. Old people make me sad 
@ReaganGomez I'm in Philly and I'm working  Police n Fire Fed Cred Union  and I don't get off til 4
@aircrash but I think Mart would look silly with his face scrunched up. 
Coffee Cultures - not bad - busy - proves I need a new battery for my MBP 
@youlovejae I know. Bijou is constipated and hasn't gone in 4 days. 
Walk in clinic 
@LittleLiverbird I had the same problem when I first started.     I just left it for a while then tried again. Bingo!  
@nathanrdotca I'm getting Creator panicked enough about the Halls to bomb them. Meanwhile, I fly my ship into the console-room. Cue boom. 
@brampitoyo Coworking would be awesome. But I work a side job on the weekends 
Scratch that...no tickets available together. Apparently 3 Doors has a large following in the bay area  #fb
My Computer battery is at 18% and no plugs in the upstairs #WordCamp ... 
wish i was going to Camera Obscura tonight.  too much to do 
Eeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkkkk! There's a bee in my house! What to do, what to do??? Balcony door open... 
I'm soooooo hungry  soon as these auditions are over, I'm hitting Bangkok Cafe...
Team Banquet tonight.... a close to a wonderful and heartbreaking season.... i am gonna miss this crew 
5* Meet and Greet going on now at Ford Amp.  in Tampa right now.... 
Chips &amp; guac at Club de Capitanes. Wasting time b4 heading to the bus station - just said bye to &quot;Chemistry&quot; (my boat) for the summer. 
Intelligentis Coffee in Venice is still not open   At the original Groundworks eating a tofu muffin
missing oakwood today  ...of to bed now to sulk! Nite x
The Pub...prices are high...but it could be worse...i could be working  sorry dad, this ones for you.
@gorthx Where'd you get the strawberries?  Farms up here are saying 2 more weeks... 
Headed to The Gourmet Depot.  Hope they can bring my discontinued stainless #Bosch #Porsche design Kettle back to life 
It was a long ass day @ Regency!  I'm so tired...
Lifeline Bookfest next weekend and I am working both days  http://www.lifelinebookfest.com/
Beef curry didn't turn out very well.  Should've paid more attention to Lazy Town: http://bit.ly/Hlem2
I Wish I was with the Panos Family grilling..... 
Gentlemen's Club advertised on radio that the have Chocolate Pudding wrestling on Saturday nights... I wanna go... 
I can't believe I wont ever see Elora Danan and The Getaway Plan play live ever again!  Arghhh sooo depressed.
Just passed the old summer-hang-out: Abe's Hookah Lounge. Sigh 
Just got here.  Yard work took longer than expected   #mmwanted
@FROactiv I didn't go to the OKP joint. Saw him crash and burn at Fresh rhymes and videotape tour last year 
I got a refund for my Maker Faire ticket 
@Keyknow oh man I can't believe you're back at the Jazz Cafe tonight &amp; I'm a few blocks away 
At Fox Sports Bar @ Atlantic Station, eating dessert and going home  Cavs 
Motorcycle accident on the eway... mangled body parts everywhere 
DNF the Sundown Ultramarathon, at 52 km. Old tendon injury flared up. Reduced to hobbling at 4km/h. 
@kaileycost But look at the Cosmo's name...you know how funny I'd think that was if I were there. I miss Boathouse, you, &amp; @katiefuhrman 
tweet tweet so Hurley merchandise at Stoked, Inc. in Mall of Asia...but why does it have to be so damn expensive! 
tweet tweet saw Hurley merchandise at Stoked, Inc. in Mall of Asia...but why does it have to be so damn expensive! 
d-_-b Cinema Paradiso (Chris Botti) ahhhhhh and wonder if Mojito's are an energy drink? ill with the tiredness  but loving the music.
Fell asleep for a few hours, and then ran out to pick a flyer for the Fest. Joining the org committee tomorrow. Now backs bugging again 
Fireworks delayed 
@wedgewu Sons &amp; Daughters fail 
Just finished 2 Bingo scratchers and I didn't win shit.  I feel like a tweaker 
I'm having an awesome weekend  But my Vid for endushunger won't load to send...even my STudio Suite is being weird 
@LasVegasBarbie  I own a harmonica and occasionally have been known to play Polka and Country music on my BlogTV show. *pouts  *sniffles
Spending my last days in Washington with the best 8th grade leaders on the planet.  windows down. Tunes cranked.
Awwww I enjoyed myself n had some good drinks @ city island and now sippin on a Patron Margarita back in CT   afta hrs lata?
Keg for toms birthday then sleeping at the cabanas.. @chelsdwyer not the same without you 
Pride &amp; joy cd release party has gone well for the band, not for cocktail waitresses. 
Going to Lilac Fest tomorrow, so stoked! Doing homework right now, though. 
@moonfrye Landlord shot my kitten in the head with a bebe gun 
FIRE! Hotel across the street! by the time we got there, it was mostly out, just a bunch of smoke  still heckled the firemen :p
@erinbatt wal-mart was a drunk guy and self explanatory and in the east hastings neighborhood of ottawa because Home Depot was closed 
@SylFabulous yay thx!!! Nite  wait no itz not 
@eluxoso Yeah, the Regent St one opened a few years ago - but no good for us   Shop vicariously for me!
my teeth hurt.  i worked 27hrs this week, normally i average 14... can't wait for that paycheck. better not get miscounted. Srs business.
too lazy to do any assignment  listening to @mileycyrus 's 'Hoedown Throwdown' 
- Animal Crossing crashed on me after 50 minutes of work.  At least I still have my silver shovel.
Camp day 2  sooooo tired
@EirillHeit   Movietime wothout me?! 
would like it if The Getaway Plan decided to tell everyone their breakup was just a joke 
And here we are at the Emergency Room...wifey doesn't feel well at all...for her to go 2 the quack is a big deal 
I want my Capital Summertime Tickets - one week to go 
....and now have to take him to Union Station b/c he is leaving me 
back hurts a little. might be burnt.  sucks going back home today from Hilton Head
@JollyMom I love that yogurt-they used to sell it at our Sam's Club but stopped carrying it fa few months ago 
@fordo I'm sure if it hadn't predated the U.N. there'd have been no Geneva-convention. Humanity's not as evolved as we like to think. 
Should I sleep now? I don't want to yet. Super tamad to do on duty tomorrow. No Med Ward.  Wala namang nag-hihingalo sa Surgical Ward.
I didn't @HDkelz not really anyway  to much Liquor is stll in my body! went to sleep at 7am up at 9
@willmorgan haha sweet, they don't have any blue Jungle Music ones left on the shop 
@jordanknight I just started to unpack after the Cruise...granted I did go on holidays after it, Just got back home this afternoon 
@cathyrigby  You could always swing by Office Depot to see me... Lol
I think we picked up Kennel Cough from being boarded @ the vet (Corinth Animal Hospital)last week.Humans are checking into it.  Not happy 
Nextdoor neighbours, plz play better music 
Woodbridge Mall and Bob's Furniture... Need a couch 
A/C is busted and its been 85 Degrees in the Apartment for the past 4 days 
@GoldenGatePark link for the County Fair doesn't work 
Taste of Spain in Regent's Street bit of a let down b/c paella wasn't ready yet when I was there 
Last day of Mt Jam  Michael Franti today on the Awareness Village Stage!
2 more hours of work in hell...then 2 hours of rest...then 5 hours of work for the Evil Empire known as Wal-Mart.  Sunday is shot. 
Totally bit it going over some railroad tracks in traffic. Bike is pretty fucked up and I'm a little messed up 
@Gastro1 i've seen it in barrels here too but i suppose it could still be a phony 
Cine,cine..Without friends  but, ok..
home with cough. Missing SJE Pentecost in Dolores Park &amp; chance to play autoharp   M has pulled out Kitty Camp Set, former #1 Favorite Toy
Looking for a hotel that captions their advertisements? Better try someone other than Courtyard Marriott - no closed captions here 
Coin home soon...couldn't see my baby girl this week 
@The_Brew_Co 
I can't belive Pearl Jam aren't coming to Ireland, thats awful.. 
Wish I had planned my flights better...could have went to Maker Faire! 
Glad to be at work while everyone else is in the beer gardens  Karaoke tonight - Bar Censsa, Leeds.
Yesterdays Maker Faire, Farmers Market and Mt. Tam Star Party/Lecture has me feeling tired. Going to Gilroy today, no chance to see UP 
is heading to the colo to fix a RAID problem, instead of heading to the Maker Faire.  
very sad to have to miss Maker Faire this wknd. 
wow it's the Lilac Festival today and i'm the only one in Calgary not there cuz i'm hated 
@Midnight_Blues yeah, but, I'm still bumming. 
Watching Strictly Ballroom for the zillionth time. I adore it so! Also, I have the oddest craving for a PB&amp;J, but I have no grape jelly. 
Heading off to a Cub Scout Planning meeting. I'd rather play outside. 
Cafe Brazil on Greenville: they still haven't fixed the sewers. Hard to enjoy food with that smell. 
is back in the Hotel...last night here 
wanna meet her... I'm feel sad  | With who will i get work during june's month in Davout Studio ?
Shopping for beds at IKEA. A twin is a little to short for me, but my room won't fit a Queen I think 
Yard work 
@Gastro1 just checked out their site..the closest shop is in berlin  too far away
@razzberrymomma I appreciate that!  I may have to stick with the music.  Wine is out for me being prego.  
@NIYANA  Breakfast Club is here! I'll be in MIA this week but gonna be missing my fellow breakfast clubbers  Need another excursion asap.
Grabbing a bite @ Heartland Brewery on Union Square. My time in NYC is quickly drawing to a close. 
Do you think that Holiday Inn hide T &amp; Coffee in cupboard, in hope you don't find it? No biccies or Hot Chocolate either 
Ladder 49 gets me every time 
lol @ShannynB 's EpicFail Herb Garden..... 
Losing in Wheel of fortune 
Taxi still not here. Going to be late to work... Cue even more bitterness 
At home...working on station stuff...no distractions...quiet...I miss @The_Seed 
I hate Movie Tavern right now.. They're keeping him over 8 hours 
@ahsleyxxlove I wish I would have got to see you more!  You will have to come here again soon.. or I will have to make a trip to Cville!!!
@SArmypez SArmy have a shop, but we are having problems with Cafe Press which is why it hasn't been formally opened yet. 
@Mhempfling yeah..got some, it hasn't helped much  hehe. Fair skin..gotta love and hate it...
had a wonderful day doing The Walk to Cure MS! Our team totally rocked that thing. I am now sooo tired, though! 
It gives you a grocery list on there,Print out it out!! Guys I lied I'm not going to church.I have to go grocery shopping with my mom 
@PhillyBrk that's where I got my Toonie from....  she was a bait dog.  
Motorcycle pulled over on 94?! 
Last night's Starlight Parade was a disappointing sliver of what it's been in the past.  Economic crisis to blame?  So sad.  
watching p.s. i love you ..i feel so bad for hilary swank 
Crying! Hotel for dogs is so sad! 
@RatedGRomance Old fashioned in the best sense. A true gentleman. Romance is not old fashioned but it seems romancing is. 
Pool party was fun until I found out I had my phone in my trunks when I went back intyo the jacuzzi  Phone is finally dead...
so sad i missed andy samberg's hosting 
Start of June. The last month of college, but the fun is only just beginning. Also, damn and blast! I missed the Pet Shop Boys this morn 
Sunbathing &amp; listening to Gym Class Heroes is plan for today. Only bad thing about the summer, my sleeping gets even worse, only 4 hours 
dammit barely found out about the mtv after party @ the Roosevelt Hotel..i can only imagine all the celebs i could of saw, bummed 
Festival tickets are sold out! I guess we couldn't watch PCD 
is back into Jubilee line woes! 
Glorious sun outside. Wish I had time to walk to Covent Garden to search for pens. But, too too much work to do 
Christ on a bike, Mary's forgetting what clouds actually look like! Also, why do Piccadilly Recs always get Chess Club releases in late? 
Shit: Ladekabel im Hotel vergessen . Noch 35% accu 
I'm pissing out tears knowing that I won't be getting any E3 coverage by @gamerpaulo, the better half of Gaming Guyz. 
I hate Bangkok Traffic Jam, wasting my time 
is back from Rizqun. 
I need to be a dresser next year for the Philippine Fashion Week! Dressers have access to see all the celebrities and ushers don't! 
Open Boat night was successful, even if the depravity was a bit subdued. Only one player got eaten, and then the rest got rescued!  #fb
@miss_r Tokio Hotel is sad 
@kim_whattler your email address keeps bouncing my emails back  how rude. Fancy The Cock Inn later this week?
I need an Espresso this morning. And the cafe in the lobby isn't open during the summer. What am I to do? 
@miss_r HAHAHAHAHAHAH OOPS. I am Tokio Hotel ashamed. 
@ShrimptonCoutur no Vintage at all. A lot of young celebrities 
Up &amp; out for another day of driving, 309 to Hilton Head, SC. We are booked at Hilton Garden Inn on the beach!! Our last night of vacay! 
I want a Baotian Retro 
Breaking News- there were no Krogers in Ancient Rome. Aw 
@leemitchell Living the rockstar life style eh! I was going to come see you at Strawberry Fair on Sat but I'm working now  sorry!
Rayban Virtual Mirror - seriously cool - use augmented reality to see what you look like in Wayfarers http://is.gd/LAZX I look terrible 
Shadow Complex and Joy Ride also leaked. Sucks for Microsoft 
@amnichols thanks for the message. It's a desktop... I've done that. Unplugged fully, redone and nothing. 
Woo hoo! Free or so I thought. Now we're off to the Metro Centre! Shopping  #FML
When I do a Tokio Hotel search the latest tweets don't come up.  The last one I get is from 7 minutes ago.
Atlas  Bar is not about drinks    Support... #atlassiansummit
Meeting ran over so I couldn't make Crossfit. I guess I'll have to miss MKE Live now 
I ate too much nachos  I blame Tokio Hotel and only Tokio Hotel
@SuperDunner I got kicked out of Room 1 on the discussion 
My Tokio Hotel head hurts 
Yard work 
wow  i won't be buying very many things from Billionaire Boys Club/Ice Cream anymore, except t-shirts of course
Why cant i get on the new Tokio Hotel webpage? 
found 2 fave new wines this weekend: 'Boarding Pass' Shiraz (Aus)  and 'The Show' Cab/Sav (CA) Too bad the LCBO doesn't stock it 
Shdow Complex is a 2D platformer shooter - sadly its not made for me  #XboxE3
My taskbar said &quot;Find Patron&quot; and I got a lil excited, until I clicked it and realized it meant library patrons and not Patron tequila. 
@Prime_Circle Come to England!! I loved you guys when I lived in S.A. but cant get the new album here  Would love to see a gig too!!
@leannetorres  Mondays are not Fundays!
Truly, no light is visible through it.  But I need an Espresso machine, it's taking too long to brew.  
Meeting ran over so I couldn't make Crossfit. I guess I'll have to miss MKE Live now  http://tinyurl.com/lhomk4
@breedimetria mannnn hell yea dat nigga be parkin lot pumpin.....I made a mistake &amp;saw a parkin lot scene in his phone one day! Kilt me 
I can't take it when things die. I've cried over the loss of plants. Cars. Chairs. Computers. And when it's ANIMALS.   
It's coming up to two hours that's we've been refreshing Tokio Hotel. I official give up on the website and trending topics. 
Funerals are so hard! 
Turns out I can't go to the o2 Festival this year  #fb
Why do I never hear about the Atlanta Indie Music Festival till Late?????  I wanted to perform BOO HOO!!!
just found out Ian left The Cab.... 
@sokendrakouture it's private. Invite only. 
have to wait 1 year to watch Toys Story 3 !!!!!! http://bit.ly/oNBqD  
Favorite website is giving away some Camera Obscura tix for the Fillmore here -  http://bit.ly/KDK6b - they say I can't win all the tix 
Olive Garden, then going out. I miss my dog so much 
Working out of Caffe Fiore in Ballard... To much work to use the Diamond Club tickets 
Working out of Caffe Fiore in Ballard... Too much work to use the Diamond Club tickets 
I've never even gotten to experience a full Cab concert with him. 
Gym membership no more  Running on LSD with Abbey.
It's been 3 1/2 hours since I left the Eye Care Center and my pupils still are having trouble being outside. 
@CandiCunningham I'll rock a slinger &amp; send u photo if someone xplains benefits Delux (padded) v. Sport (crossed back)? website v unclear 
Ian left The Cab?! I am so sad! 
The Seniors left school today. They aren't coming back. Some of my best friends were Seniors. 
@AceyBongos @MrPointyHead Why isn't the E3 Marketplace content available to all regions? It's a bit dissapointing!  
Bozz and I in the car,to the Supermarket.A taxi suddenly came from an intersection.Bozz swerved.I shouted.heard a thump!Car got minor hit 
Pass that Nuvo girly @SweetTracy !! plus my mom is moving out as well so imma have find a roommate  cuz im scared 2b there by myself
Late tweet: The Lego exhibit: The Art of the Brick - was at Crown Center (&amp; it's free!!) but Brightkite never updated my location. 
O.K., you were right  No Kellers #5 tonight.  Alway tomorrow though... Anyone up for a Ride???  Taking the FatBoy out for a while
@pcornqueen No prob! I noticed you were blipping some Jazz &amp; heard this song Voodoo moon on AMC &amp; tried to find it for you but no luck. 
@HiddenErin I hope it goes by fast.. Seems like slow motion since the Boat. U never answered me  R u gonna come up here anytime soon..
@cubanpastor tell me bout it!  I grew up being the youngest this or youngest that in orgs, n now I'm The Old One at the office 
Awww, I miss Queer Eye 
@deewoodz you laughing but I'm serious. I honestly live in Country Music Capitol  USA 
Pearl Jam 
What happened to my Pearl Jam I used to love in the early to mid 90's. 
is too late. The Assistant Gallery Manager post in SilverLens is already taken.  http://plurk.com/p/xs656
@Manji2501 @ThatKevinSmith The Flea Market was in Edison,NJ, but the Mall Scenes were shot in MN.  I miss Rt1 Flea Market 
Waiting for Britannia Rescue to arrive. Car refusing to get up as early as I did 
@jazzzyone disposables using bleached paper can produce dioxin which is a carcinogen. Perfumes contain pthalates too  #clothdiapers
Also, why is Pearl Jam a trending topic? 
today is a really important day, off to Whitstable not sure when will be back may have to miss Art Club and Book Club 
Whee, last minute New Biz Meeting at the Ritz Carlton and I'm wearing jeans...  today just isn't my day
Old people have way to much time on their hands to bullshit and waste mine. 
Bingo is owning me tonight 
Relentless Garage. 
going to the Waterfront Campus to meet with computer course instructors on curriculum 
@roseformyrose It's the Oasis Sports Centre on Endell Street. Don't take any nice things though, my friend had their locker broken into 
has just found out that S Club have cancelled their date at the Grand... 
@Muffler1980 hulu will be US only though mate. 
So upset about the Pit from BMore, no dog deserves that, ever. As a Pit owner, I'm completely appalled. 
@GGlick the Square one?  what I really need is BSG game.... 
@forfolkssake nooo  I think I saw they have a tour date put on by Club Shuffle...?
Den took the wrong vehicle today.  Damnit, now I have to go retrieve the truck.
Seniors make me sad 
has to study Chem :| Quiz tomorrow and it's all about moles which is confusing again  http://plurk.com/p/xvs94
@loscampesinos NOOOOOOOOOOO!! ALEKS!!!! AND NO READING SHOW! Los Camp, a little piece of me just died 
My only regret is not being able to watch any of the ticketed Arts Fest performances this year. 
@HarryJA do you have a link to that info online? Travel agent said I need 6 months 
@bluesoup oh no  if you are able to I wld recommend getting elderflower+echnicea (sp?) tincture frm Neals Yard. killed my cold in 2 days
@coolval18 Tribeca Mushroom with added bacon! I gave in to a slice. 
@coachsingleton hall a keynote general sessions conn to JavaOne acess pt is good. Found 2 late wi-fi in Pavilion sux.  #javaone
Re-attempting 2 watch &lt;&lt; Amusement &lt;&lt; cuz I feel asleep on it last night.....I really like 1st 15mins, but it gets disjointed after that 
@Cgator1022 I was at Bar Louie last night and you weren't.  
Finished the SD RnR Marathon on Sunday and am a little sore.  Course was long... 26.5 per most runner's Garmins!  
@ Mobile Marketing Forum. Afraid lunch box will be gross so tried to go to Oyster Bar but they weren't open and only had 10 min. 
Put all posters etc in my ASCO bag, still can't get everything in wheelie, arrrgh! Taxi coming in half an hour, no time for Post Office 
why isn't Monkey Island: Special Edition getting released on PS3?     http://bit.ly/LVvdo
I was on the verge of destroying my Solar Fire 
@emkwan no editing? Another limitation that I'm not crazy about. Moot point as I can't get it to work to begin with 
@Fiddlestix22 it will be all week... 
@NanaRed06 : hahaa ohhh ur not here!!  yall have a Loan Mod meeting!
@drmikewooming Do not tell me I missed Pearl Jam last night 
Still looking for a job  After that AE interview last week I still haven't heard anything back. I've now applied to Home Depot too.
@ChickadeZzz Womp womp womp. Public transportation it is, then.. Dammmit! I hate missing dawn related things 
#badsex is when ur pussy is so dry it make the condom burn me!! Rugs burn on ur dick aint fun 
self-esteem crushing Fabric Land lady 
didn't make it early enough to see DS   and instead enjoyed a nice sushi dinner in the E. Village w/ D... hadn't had sushi in about 7 mo!
Minigolf with @wirehog and @imdane... I lost by 3 points 
So I made dinner. But everyone went to Ikea to eat.   Ironically, I made the same sweet meatballs and gravy potatoes. TKB Gym time. PUNCH!
So I made dinner. But everyones at Ikea..to eat?.  Ironically, I made the same sweet meatballs and gravy potatoes. TKB Gym time. PUNCH!
Elevator is off for 3 days...why do I have to live on the 8th floor? 
Bonfire is okay. I can't breathe and I still have to find out what is up with my throat. 
Didn't get pie; the Antique's Marketplace was closed before we got there.  Epic day out with Mummy was not so epic. *goes to bed early*
Ordered pizza from Villages Pizza. An hour and a half ago. Average delivery time is 50 minutes. It's not here yet. 
i have no idea why but i have this emotional feeling and pain about not seeing my b-ball team, the Ballers again. time to see therapist.. 
@lakikix yea I wish I was there too  Nite nite kiki
@gyam thank you   NOO Fandango!!! There's a class action lawsuit against their Reservation Rewards sub..makes their cute ads look evil...
argh, finally dropped off Mall Cop at video store! I know, video stores are ancient news but now I owe 6 day late fees. 
@Emmahag I don't know! Travel seems to be the last thing on my mind right now.  
Coming up to the 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre, soooo sad 
just found out he didnt get the job at the Waldorf Hotel  oh and that his work is doing all sorts of illegal things
@chrisstokes1969 That is horrible. People are sick. Block her 
iS MaD beCauSe ShE didNt knOw @SongzYuuup waS goinG to b AT cLuB OpEra... 
@johnreuben I'm going to miss you at Sonshine this year. Why aren't you coming?    #bringbacklife
Metro Station @ TriNoma, June 11th. :| Same day as the PCD Concert in MoA! 
@johubris The nearest pub to my work is the Naenae Hotel 
Hobby rockets we had in the 70's rarely went above the treeline. Parachutes hardly ever worked right either -- they'd drop like rocks.  
Listening to Death Cab / The Postal Service non-stop. I blame the rain.. It makes everything so noir! 
Graduation! Congrats Seniors of '09! We'll miss you 
@karl234 i see you're not able to attend Boudoir69's garden party  thats a shame
Missed yet another noise show at Chicks Hotel (Port Chalmers)  This one features Adrian Hall and EYE -which is underway right now!
Disko cover verze jsou vetsinou hrozne. Ale techno uprava The Wall je vazne kulervouci. 
@chrisridd @IanRobinson is Groceries any good ? I am using something called Shopping List, no bells and whistles 
I miss my last tentative of enter in the Royal Palace... 4 Days to leave Madrid 
@lolamack This is def. a day or so late, but I so agree with the Polo comment! I also hate the real skinny dudes in polos! 
@vlcupper i have to watch Fight Club .. just never got around to it 
Internation Festival today. Really nervous. 
Camp dreams make me nolstagic and sad 
@stevyncolgan gone stale      not the same even with Jam on!!
@annabel_x: am so jealous, wish i could have some too.. jus had lunch myself.. a plate of boring chip. Cafe food is so unhealthy 
Sellindge Festival this weekend! Probably no twitter though 
@sexyundiesblog yes, but i'm on a budget for the moment... Undie-shop-stop... 
just got yet another D in Mod 2 chem  and now had to revise for classics 2moro  sooo unfair  x
Back from Creative Coffee Club, good meeting  no more until after the summer though 
I wonder if I could get some food delivered to @ASOS Towers? Tis looking a bit chilly to be braving the outdoors in gladiator sandals... 
@louis_louis - Fabric was awesome, even tho I left @ 2am cause I only pretend to be student &amp; had work @ 9am  Hows the sunburn?
WAH! Celtic Woman coming to Landmark.. can't afford  I so love their music!!!
@FitnessMagazine re: running day..... Run/Walk Planner won't let us Canadian join 
@wlmager tried to follow your link re Tokyo Fest and Stiletto but got &quot;Safari can't find internet plug in&quot; when I tried to see the clip 
@NadiaPadayachi how is it you're watching Fight Club at 3:20? &lt;-- jealous 
Last week at the Marriott 
Wow. Lots on cars on the road this am. In 45 min walking only saw one w. a passenger  Commuter Challenge anyone?
@jordanknight we don't have any Waffle Houses where I live 
@tealperez I went to Move Studio.  I really liked it, but the instructor is 8 months pregnant, so she is only doing a couple more classes 
I am missing Ruwi Cinema 
I can't wait to see A Camp tonight. I think it's the closest I'm ever going to get to seeing The Cardigans. 
@Travel_Trade Jm new baggage policy no guarantee on 2nd bag  
Ugh, made a Stogie Review banner to hand behind me during reviews and its too light. Camera can't see the letters 
is not at Library Camp 
Is still super sick!! Medz aren't helping.  I feel like death right now
Bad News... I can't install Dot Net Framework 3.5 with Wine  #wine #ubuntu
My friends have nicknamed my garden &quot;the Plant Graveyard: the place where plants come to be tortured and die&quot; - been a bit lapse with it 
@michaelwolfe I am at Dreamland now, I am inside, and no one is here to join me 
Marveling at the number of dents/dings on my 3+ year old car. Parking spaces need to get larger again or I need a teflon paint job. 
correction my gf has an interview at a Strip Club next week 
@EmilyPie I don't have a Costco in my teeny town.  No Sam's Club, either. Hell, we don't have a Target! Lucky to have Wally World.
I'd feel a lot better if I didn't know I was trading this convertible in for my POS Cavy 
Wow, already 20 years since Tiananmen Square, man how time flies.  I remember that like yesterday  makes me soo old
@NorcoBikes what is going on with the VPS Fest this year? There are no news in your site http://www.vpsfest.com/ 
Old guy took my comfy starbucks chair. 
No props for the Wine Merch?  
@ktla Can U get a Sports Anchor, PLEASE  
Oh no...Twitter can't be down tomorrow night. I was going to tweet at the Pan-Pacific Festival Block Party 
Concert today went really well. We all met at Citrus Plaza afterwards, but once I got there everything was closed.  lol
So Quest Lounge was stupid jumpin!!! U kno I had to take a couple pics lol!! After the party...thinkin' about her 
PLEASE go to http://krupskupofexcellence.com/ and vote for Kawa, P&amp;S, or DeVille - that horrid Primal Grounds is winning 
@ShayneWinters Also didn't get too far in Curio because it won't give me a segue into the scenes it wants me to write.  
Still @office  Not so TGIF is it?
Funerals suck... 
Oh no. I just read the email that Great Soul Wellness Studio is closing in our community 
Midnight sun is so flippin sweet! I really hope SM finishes it in the near future.... haha look im already hooked and it's only a draft 
Tattoo appointment was postponed till 6, fml 
@COWBOYJDANOS Yay, but I'm about to take your place in Jail  guess I'll wrkout &amp; 'bide my time' or Surf. Ahh Wish I could actually Surf
hell yeah TGIF but im on-call 
Off to Renaissance Festival in Atlanta! Blood work results not good. Hopefully a little med tweaking will make a difference. 
Afternoon all, most of my family in is Mobile, AL right now and I kinda wish I was there...it's boring up here. 
@kskradova i dont know how long it takes  and TGIF
would say TGIF...but I work this weekend. 
@shannon_rae damn!!! I am going floating that weekend but in oklahoma  i have 3 wks vacation in september and im coming down! Tattoos!
Playland, next week  oh well we'll just go next week!
@bobbiec can you let me know if A Taste of Winslowshire is still on for #MIN3? I don't see us listed on the website 
I'm sad can't go to the Winery today w/ the girls  .....I guess I'll make up by going shopping(lol)
@miss_emmajane yay  i wish my Studio Sculpt foundation would agree with me since MAC shades are so good, but it gives me spots, yuck 
Memory Lanes Bowling Alley burned to the ground today  I'll miss that place,lots of memories there...
@FlyGuys If I had a real job and I had real money i would say lets go to the Garden of Olives! but i dont so i cant...so i wont! 
Gig tonite in Belmar is rained out  but the band's still going to get together at my house to work out some new material. Always fun.
is it 6pm yet?  I want some Cab!!! #donatilive can't you get here any sooner?
I go to the restroom &amp; my empty bottles are stolen   http://twitpic.com/6oz23 I was shooting for 4 bottles. TGIF
Lost my Diesel sunglasses at Fiesta Cantina last night 
i would say TGIF but i have work to do this weekend  its almost like... homework.. AH!
Everyone at the PK Lounge is sick. We all look miserable.   such a bittersweet day.
@noelwalling Blast you! I miss Pizza Port. 
@Starbucks ahh just finished one of those. Passion Tea with the aronia berry juice is awesome, too bad it's going away 
@K_Bar yeah but zurich is about 50km away from where i am in germany 
Fair warning #3: due to #followlimits that stubbornly refuse to consider non-profits exemptions, we must unfollow those not following us. 
@RufusHound Noo... got tickets 4 Comedy Cafe Fri12th cos UR supposed 2 B on-but U R also doing IOW.. so UR not gonna be there R U?  gutted
Camp is over 
@Softwear_Chic Home already?  Some of us have to wait for that 
Going to the beach tomorrow. Blitz has been Blitzed 
@PartyGurle I work in a restaurant, so I'm at the mercy of my employer...meaning we have to listen to Pop or Old Skool 
!/2 till I have my girls close to home doing the TGIF thing,wish my twitter girls could be here too! 
day of packing, 2 hours sleep on a bus, day of work, 2 hours sleep on a floor... ow  Sofa is free now though, shall try sleeping there~
Why aren't you coming to the Porterfield (WI) Country Music Fest?   (zacbrownband live &gt; http://ustre.am/2urW)
Death of Auto-Tune. 
Death of Auto-Tune 
@kimhansardstar we're leaning towards a quick visit to Beardesly and then the West Town Kidgits event  another pal said she's going there
Heading to AndyPoolHall to see @modernmod. Cab is stinky 
#CANADA NEWS: Retirees protest at Molson Brewery in St. John's after announced cuts to pension plan covered free beer. http://tr.im/nBuJ 
@mlaccetti aw, we are at the Stones Lounge 
Old people make me sad. 
Just watched Mall Cop, and fell asleep during Fanboys. I had having a cold  plus i have a vaccination tomorrow 
Just watched Mall Cop, and fell asleep during Fanboys. I hate having a cold, plus i have a vaccination tomorrow 
Travel Channel's Ghost Adventures is so good! I miss ghosts 
downloaded Clue from App Store this morning &amp; i've already beat the game. poor Boddy.. 
Watching The Hangover with MOSAIC Singles from the 2nd row. 
Wished @c_shells, @ceezjr, @andrew_O, and keV, were here with @erinmanalo and I at &quot;Taste&quot; wine tasting 
is anyone going to Taste of Clayton or Webster Art &amp; Air this weekend? I want to go, but my golf pro bf has to work 
I went to Taste of Charlotte tonight.  I still regret *not* getting banana pudding from Mert's Heart &amp; Soul.  
@3x1minus1 I really wish I was aware of this East End Fest before now. 
Just finished eating dinner at the Elephant Bar with my cousin. I am stuffed... 
@davesacre been looking around. It's when I respond to the ads they're either not responding  or it's already sold. Armoire I loved gone 
20 years after Tiananmen Square massacre. 
Realizing why my blackberries at the Farmer's Market were only  89 cents 
I honestly believe that Game Designers love making complicated formulas to torment me  #gamedesign #iphonedev #gameproducer
@dazzleme18 Awww, you're leaving!?  You suck! lol Nighters, Dazzy! &lt;3 &lt;3
Oh, went to Elephant Bar for the first time. Ordered awful drink (green tea ginger spritzer tastes like nasty) and ordered blah salad. 
Cafe Imperial changes its owner again..   I hope the food quality would remain the same there
is so disappointed that Emerald Tattoo was closed. 
My baby boy fell asleep...he was so excited to come  wake up @The_Seed dude I'm your pop so I can beat you!
@EveMarieTorres only joking your great at wrestling you should be Divas champ and Women champ sorry 
The Candlelight has a terrible wine list 
Hostel breakfast is dec, it's raining loads here 
Ahh, I'll Miss Strawberry Fair! 
Still sick  But I am going to Sunsplash tomorrow w/ my best friend!!!
OH: Hotels.com is the devil I feel like when I take a shower someone is going to walk up and shank me  http://tinyurl.com/pvq74v
@Glebe2037 I cannae make it this time, Hair Expo all weekend. 
Wish I could go to Pub Crawl in Maryborough... 
@lpoulin1 hey i went to the Jubilee Fest!!! too bad i didn't see ya  
For future reference, the 24 Hour Fitness on Maui closes at 11 on Fridays. Probably close earlier during the week 
Three Red Lights. 
bummed 'bout the Youth Camp being postponed. 
@zobo77 well the dog attacking me was a little exaggerated, it was more of a tackle and then jumping at me. Bike is gone 
Queen Of The Supermarket!!!!..... wish i was in Sweeden last night 
Old, there I said it...can't hang like I used to 
Collectormania at Stadium MK is terrible. No room for stalls, packed it very tight, and massivly crowded, and badly overpriced 
Going to bed now....mad I didn't stick to going to The Viper Room 
Woop woop! Bookstore only had 3 of the 8 on my shortlist though  #fb http://twitpic.com/6qhh6
Woop woop! Bookstore only had 3 of the 8 on my shortlist though  http://twitpic.com/6qhh6
@BillHarper Ahh. Fair enough. I've actually been making a lot of typos this last 24hrs without excuse 
Meeting our small group for bfast then off to Camp Conquest for a work day as a group service project. ...Then off to work 
Studio time all done and dusted... miss it  will let you know when the tracks are all mixed down and sorted x
Pritchattsbury Fest and Sellinge Fest this weekend... Crew are refusing to drive me to lock up to pick up my wellies! 
@pembteaco sounds like fun, but I don't have an Emergency Tea Mug 
Chik Fil A Chiken Minis, Work for a bit, Family Reunion, ???  
Walk-texting really does serve as a harsh reminder of how horribly hungover you still are 
Lunchtime! ...at work 
Bike in for repairs  broken spokes, damn tram tracks.
Yard sale morning in the hood. No one on my street is partipating  so headed to @starbucks before i make the rounds
kinda wish I was going to Camp Joy today 
Boat broken  luckily surrounded by fit men in leathers! 
Kickball can be dangerous!!!!  6/12 on my team pulled our quads last night 
Finally arrived in 6 Flags! Passed WaWa, though. 
@mshawyer Good stuff. I'm off to Manly Food and Wine Fest tomorrow but have to go to the gym first to make it 4 this week. On a Sunday! 
Pub dinner was good but I know have a food baby that's causing me major discomfort  
Minutes after I went out to explore area surrounding hotel, started raining. Saw &quot;Jeans Shop&quot; featuring Wrangler (!) jeans. No pix 2day 
so tweeps - someone tell me about last night's Club d'Elf show - the poor Vermonter really misses her favorite band! 
@KimPorter827 Wedding stuff w/ Mommi now, then work at 5 
My Tap Tap doesn`t work. 
The Redi Daze Festival has been postponed due to the rain  what a shame...
can't believe I am missing the Printers Row Lit Fest in Chicago this w/e. http://www.chicagotribune.com/entertainment/events/printersrow/ 
On break; I can see the cloud of dust where the last bit of the Aud roof just came down... 1 wall left 
TFS Fun Fair Starbucks booth is serving Pike Place. 
@PrincessAldi at the Hotel waiting for twilight stars lol Weathers soo cold, rainy and windy 
Pet Society is getting boring...my pet earns small amount of coins. 
http://twitpic.com/5pd3h - Color Club oooooo LALA, with a clear glitter on top...it's orly, but in the small bottle, so no name 
@SpotCoolStuff They now have one of these at Pritzker Pavilion. Blocks view for two entire sections of seats at jazz/classical concerts. 
I'm craving some KenTaco Hut right now 
 @StephenHDunn bows out of the Raid. &quot;Dunn&quot; his back Inn. Speedy recovery mate.
@atubanos Summerside Yacht Club in S'side, PEI where I'm from originally. Until my parents sold our home to strangers &amp; moved to TO. Mew. 
seattle+ baseball + tall boy modelos = hurting in the morning  ...and off to Habitat for Humanity
doppler showing rain coming.  Bike has been put away and going to get in the cage. 
wishes the Starbuck in Chinatown hadn't shut down. 
@SharonSmiles Awww, he's blushing! We do VW shows. He won at VW Action at Santa Pod and Stonor Park last year but not Stonor this year 
Oh no! Ambience and @TheLimousines will be on stage at the same time! 
wants to go Capital Summertime Ball 
the Dairy Festival was unimpressive  http://bkite.com/08eLN
Missed Pride parade.  Hangover with a capital H. Food is making it better.
Looks like tonight consists of Wasabi at 8, Silent Disco/Sin City from 11ish, not sure between. Tav? Brunswick? But not the beach, alas. 
Going to Marysville Strawberry Fest old car show. Weather looks pretty iffy. Dang, no shorts today 
http://twitpic.com/6rhok - I hate this working during #Artwalk. 
Wainting McFLY at Sheraton Hotel, but did not turn out, we froze  http://yfrog.com/6pd12j
I wanna go to the Gucci Cafe. 
They need an Avenue and a Fashion Bug outlet at the outlet mall. 
Oh dear, my favorite pet place in LA went out of business. I want to cry. RIP Helen's Pet Depot 
Alkaline Trio is playing today &amp; I am not going to see them 
Got my race package and bike is checked in.In Penticton at Wheatgrass Cafe.Yummy vegan falafel burger.Club swim at 3.oh yeah, still sick 
Is sitting the bench at Belltown 
I just realized I don't have a car or ride for Pride tomorrow. I'm going to have to take public transport 
Work is lagging  Mall and Veggie Heaven later though so it'll be okay.
..The Forever 21 at Stonebriar downsized hardcore. 
is just Base Rock Cafe, was OK  well, waiting for French Open Finale. Reading, Blogging, Music, Food, Coffee and Relaxation.
bye guys.  LIbrary is closed tomorrow.   how did we live with out the internet before we had it.
at 02.00h homeless again after going to be thrown out of Holiday Inn's lounge..  btw: finally almost dark here (1 hour later)
@thekatiemoore I want my own Genius Bar 
Vision and Vibes 09 is going down...so is amazing! Attendance is so sad 
hates that Seniors have to graduate, but knows it's gonna suck a whole lot more next year 
@Chi_twnzfinest yes I do! We called the Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile and they said they were booked solid 
Karaoke is shit. If you can't sing then stay sitting down! 
Kota singing at the 5th Ave. Thtr H.S. Musical Thtr Awards on Mon nite. She is sick (asthma/cold)  , but for this she will crawl if need b
going to a Beer Pong Tourney, which I don't even get to play in  BOOO SO LAME...then going to the Loop Downtown &amp; then maybe Uptown?!
Haircuts done hopefully. To much hw... 
Hotel for Dogs is making me tear up. 
@nanpalmero @MomonMars @epodcaster @joeruiz @evaruth - I had planned to go a Tweetup but it had a limit was not allowed to go 
@mint910 Thats to bad   We should start a Teen Book Carnival only in MN!  lol, think anyone would come??
Today's the Rose Festival Grand Floral Parade, one of the biggest outdoor events in Portland's yr. Translation: the weather is crap. 
waiting to hear more on my best friend's mom. Tractor accident. She's on a ventilator, damaged lung. definitely a broken arm. 
http://twitpic.com/6sbb0 - this got my hopes up @ NIN/JA PNC Arts Center. No Guinness to be found 
 goodbye steph. at home watching Mall Cop with my bby brother &lt;3
No Brazilian Festival  but on the way to the house warming party with yummy tacos.
I couldn't go to see them in the Trastienda Club. McFly went to I don't know where and I'm very sad 
Mall Cop was very good  but his mustache was cool
I've currently got Cherrys,pears,peaches and coconuts In my Animal Crossing town. but I've some how lost my net so no bug catchin for me 
Is V Factory on open house party?? It says the ting tings 
@Yankeez noooo I played last week. Camping now 
BK Lounge has let me down  I think.. we're gonna have to take a break, my love.
Rhythm heaven is an awesome game. The glee club are adorable. But they hate me. 
Listening to &quot;The Block&quot;, since I'm not @ the show.  I need my #fullservice.
OH NO!!! I wanted to have a Mini-Gathering at Prospect Park in June. The Witches Hat tower is open ONCE a year but we already missed it! 
Listening to Chameleon Circuit with my mom. 
Pool/Hot tube were nice. The staff member booted us though.  im tired
Wish I was going to the Passion Pit show tonight instead of working 
Liquor store fail  12 Canadian and a Mythos ftw!
Weddings make me depressed 
Threads are stupid  
@dreed1981 won't go to Roscoes with me 
Tried to hit up Ludlow Bromley Yacht Club - zero parking spots 
@The_Block_2009  hhmm cant see it 
@flytographer  If you wanna get out of the house, Beer Gardens is rockin' out in Astoria!
@LenaLou92 I wanna come!! Ahh! Invite me! 
@CrystalF  .... or yea by that too ... i shall be Mac Book Front Row
asks Saan may HP Service Center?  http://plurk.com/p/yzj7m
Why did I choose FREE Super Saver Shipping for my Pilates books?! It's covered wagon speed; only slightly faster than the Pony Express. 
Carnival rides: fun when ur young. But we not kids anymore. You will get sick nowadays... 
@STARFOX89 Yay! Furniture! I also heard you made art without me 
PHILADELPHIA: Cheese steak, beautiful Botanical Gardens, glimpse of Liberty Bell, Belgium Beer, Afghanistan food = FUN!  Parking = 
@Stewpot no crockery smashing.  it actually ended up being quite boring &amp;  now a massive thunderstorm has woken me up after 3 hours sleep
@YoungQ you won't be in dc??  I haven't slept yet. Hotels aren't home. I'm flying out in four hours too! Safe flight! ;)
I Need To Go Shopping.  - -Frocks -Slacks -Pumps -Motorcycle Jacket -Club Tanks and -New... http://tumblr.com/xw51z1b9h
Boat party coming to an end 
@hthrb2 Crossing fingers for playoffs!The party was fun, very long, and I now know why I don't party with my sis anymore...Bride got sick 
Bike flat  ends our night early.
@nagham oh wow! sure thing! let me know...plz let it be post-5.30 ;) I missed the Tweetup in Bahrain as well...got called in to work! 
Leeds Dragon Boat Race 2009 in a few weeks   http://bit.ly/wybzA. Sadly unable to take part  - last year ace  http://bit.ly/OMSDk
Planning on doing loadz of Classics cramming revision today 
wants to go to &quot;Ako Mismo Dog Tag Day&quot; at Bonifacio Global City open field on the 12th.  http://plurk.com/p/z1180
Traveling down to Braintree for an Athletics meeting.... Raining 
The weekend is finally here!!! Now I can't sleep cause my legs are still so sore from Grad Nite 
@stephc5ubz lol you do the same, &amp; Ash &amp; I drifted  Reunion soon  I think so
Nite twitter world!! didnt get 2 c my boo  but twm is another day.
is watching Studio 60 because I need to be up a few more hours before I can let myself go to sleep. 
Square jaw has rounded out a bit - I now look like nothing more than a hamster with a golf-ball in its cheek. Yay wisdom teeth 
@loneresearcher http://is.gd/Q53j - Scum reported yesterday that she's leaving show to finish her doctorate. Fair play, but will miss her 
Slowly dying at Old Town, want to sit down and cry already, cannot do this essay writing anymore 
@randylicious The couch, TV and Wagon Wheels just aren't the same without you 
@BridalGlam Brenizer is a panorama effect,so u stich alot of pics to make one large pic,Wedding Fair..hmm ended up sleeping ddnt go  heheh
Camp tomorrow.  I am so depressed. Camp sucks, especially when you know they're going to torture you. Help.
Deal Bandstand Performance by Snowdown Colliery Welfare Band has been cancelled. Not playing today after all 
@gregorypleau wasn't the COG Spring Fling yesterday? We wanted to go but had to be back too early 
Yesterday! Market (Woot!), Art Fair ($$$), Greekfest (yawn), Mowing (hot), Party (fun). More sunburn. 
IOW Festival next wk/end  Traffic stand still
Drinking coffee on last morning of FMS party.  Coffee   Party almost over 
@briniloo You should have come to the Fiesta. 
Pub closed til further notice... So i am now at another pub 4 my lunch... Its not as good 
found the geocache No Coins Here  http://coord.info/GC10FKV
@chicalicious512 Dinner w/ all the girls then prolly 1Oak or Cipriani. Looks like I'll need 2 buy a japanese doll &amp; carry it with me  lol
WTF do we have a right to Camp outdoors the cops harassed us till be paid 500 bucks, foreigners cribbed about the same issue 
@yo_melissa have fun at the Autism Walk! i wish i could be there 
Just finished brunch at Court of Two Sisters, now at Cafe du Monde for the last time. 
Wish I was at summer Jam 2day  .. and its not gonna rain!
@AmosJ is still sleeping and we have Pearl Jam cranked while we set up church.   I want to play with him
My boyfriend would rather play with a bunch of guys paintball than take his girlfriend to a Renissance Fair.. 
Today: Church&gt; Gardening&gt; Made hanging baskets&gt; Went round a country house&gt; Tea and Cake&gt; roast dinner =&gt; middle aged before my years  NG
@sunshineliron Gotch ya! Fair enough. I'll miss seeing ya all dance on the weekend 
Ugh it should be a crime for work to call me when I'm sleeping cause I get roped into shifts like this... Penthouse for 12 hours 
@casscalogeraxxx I'm not back yet and I don't know if I'll be making it back for Erotica 
Is very tired. Gig an hour away + waking up at 8am is not very fun. 
Fwk my camera won't work! No Developers Diary today, i guess *Mumble* 
@alecstanworth Damnit - the Royal Garden Party is three days after I go away, so I won't be representing TSA 
Sign of the times: Admiral's Club no better than sitting at the gate waiting for my flight 
Good day out to Terminator Salvation (average) and Pizza Express with friends. Sound in Belfast Odeon rocks! Now home to fix bugs 
Lyric Cafe should be an hour long, thirty mins is just a teaser. Soon as get in a groove the show is over 
@Dacotah2010 give it a while sometimes twitter is slooooow 
I'm beginning to realize something about CVS---Extra Care Bucks don't really care about me...  
There's an Urban Outfitters at the Aquarium but my step-mom won't let me in look around 
Missing @ChristyDH &amp; guests at the Courthouse,bet there'll be an awesome night of music to be had 
There is one thing that I do not like - Center party victory 
http://twitpic.com/6upzs - Blooms are finally starting to fall of my orchid  but I'm glad I've kept it alive for this long.
@saycestsay Travel safe. I'm sorry about the Barley Mill misfire. 
my ballet showcase looked great! so proud of me!! about 2 practice this Sandcastle Disco 4my famo's open mic cause idk all the words 
Not Fair!!!!!!!  realtiy stinks!!!! x gonna go cry now :'( xxx
computer dead, laptop useless, studio not up and running have to cancel this weeks Haunted Downunder 
better go now. Parking tickets suck. Also hungry 
This is really sad. The Virgin Megastore - Union Square  is where I first met Lauryn Hill 
@nealjennings mmm Ethiopian food sounds good...too bad I'm in St. Kitts though  btw when Envy Lounge opens up, you should come down to it!
watchin 2 Fast 2 Furious then Casino Royale still working on APES 
Cafe revolution lost their liquor license 
I had no idea there was a Panda Express in the Freehold Mall! I want it 
about to go out. love Sundays. missing SummerJam though 
Holding newly remodeled office open. @ 5th &amp; J. Beautiful weather in the Gaslamp but the Padres are getting crushed. 
Got some Tamarindo italian ice from the Pinoy festival at Madison Square Park.   Walked past MoCCA 20 min before closing. 
@mkirschenbaum The epub Zen Garden would be really cool if the content of the book wasn't written on the page by JavaScript. 
Not in my best mood. Food poisoning is bad  woke up every one hour and toilet is my new best friend. Clinic later.
is on the quiet floor @ Club Ode cramming for finaaaals.. but I just wanna nap. 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! The Cab show for chian reaction is sold out 
@Coop_ yes I'm in the E R now tho 
@kaosblaze ...  Now I feel like the most epic failure EVER. And I'm not even going to Club Med!
Punch-Out!! is up and i put up that WiiSports Resort Stuff. I may put up Bash Party tomorrow since i'm running out of time 
FINALLY mom is willing to take shelter now. Shelter at mobile home park won't let our dogs in, so we are staying in our bathroom. 
I had one Original Chicken Sandwich for lunch from BK at Decoto, Union City, CA. It was one of the worst CS ever I have been so far. 
C'mon. Pet Society off air's not fair 
Just finished Youth Group. I feel exhausted. It has been a long day. About to do some writing with a cup of hot tea and go to bed.. alone 
Made a tactical error in the Volvo Ocean Race and am having to claw back 10,000 places instead of being in strong, clean air 
Dreading CMA Fest and Bonaroo traffic in the 'ville later this week, nothing I love more than a longer morning commute! 
@tenorgirl33 Thanks lady! Bookstore's in really bad shape - it stresses me out to be there. We've been too broke to ship orders all week 
I cant configure Disiqe with Cupe Cafe Reciever 
Dear Farm Town, why won't you work on my last day of freedom? 
@buckhollywood Socials forever!! and my activia is bothering me 
@ehasselbeck Stop teasing the folks who care about the Theater and Silver Screen! 
@justintmo  love Spitalfield.. that was some great music.. Secrets in Mirrors.. 
sometimes i feel like my mom wants me and Alley to take care of ourselfs and that she doesnt care that much if we eat or not 
Finally figured out how to make Roller coaster tycoon HQ. but it's small 
Anybody knows where is Poste Bar &amp; Restaurant ? The East Building, Mega Kuningan ? Got an invitation there, but don't know where it is 
I'm staying at the Fairfield Inn Marriott and they wont let me have my dog Ollie here  Dog haters!
hangin with Toast and Blakeney now waiting for Within to start...still sleepy 
&quot;cepet sempuh ya khalisha sayang&quot;  :p:p:p:p well, starts 2 missing you Bar.......... 
Static was too much for me, maybe better @ karaoke tomorrow. headed to DNA Lounge, wishing it was a meatsf.com night  #SFO #FB
I want my Quiz Hexagon 
Marathons over. 
http://bit.ly/Byptb Walking out of the office to this. Animal Collective - Summertime Clothes. Shame it's not summertime in Surry Hills 
@camillesaidwhat lmao! I know right but it's just that no one takes me to Lowe's or Home Depot 
Procrastination gets me nothing. No @johncmayer at Hotel Cafe because the line closed before I got there = proof. 
Shipping for Wine Woot is $7 now 
Walking to Old St tube. Feel like poo. I think i drank too much guinness. 
@Topnotch_noniie don't disrespect me 
@djtrauma AWWWWWWWWW how I miss the Velvet Room 
Departure Lounge  Duty Free   http://bit.ly/fg6lA
Cab driver completely lost, drove to wrong terminal and can't figure out how to get to the right one. Bit stressed about missing flight 
My car has been taken away to the garage. Wheel barings this time... This is bound to be another expensive affair 
My Bike got stolen..I am Fed up with the security here 
Just had power nap and am now heading out on a Secret Bar Tour.  Our last night in Melbourne 
I am at work  . I wish i was at home with my Kidz.  And i am soooooo busy today
Fathers day next weekend... this week already sucks.    Nite world.
How's my Pet doing? And my Farm? And my Restaurant? 
Totally craving going to Akbars as soon as I heard Comedy Dave say 'chutney' on Radio 1. 
Camped w buffalos, zebras &amp; bush pigs &amp; survived the night, but froze w my 15C sleeping bag. Safari is now over. 
OGt's Camps today,  8:30 -11
Switzerland, Zurich: Restaurant Kunsthaus Brunch. 3 out of 5 clean plates were dirty on the bottom side. Want some camambert? Too bad 
Last night I dreamt I was in a shop, trying on jeans, and Crossroads by Blazin' Squad was playing, and now it's stuck in my head 
post Festival blues have set in already  look forward to next year #iowfest
Camp week 2..I have a headache 
Camp  tons of little kids
I wish I was at the Pens Parade rather than my internship 
damn!  Can't go to screening of ZNews at Cape Town Book Fair because I'm at work.   #ctbf
misses Timezone.  http://plurk.com/p/11391k
Traffic Jam was soo bad. 
geeez... these 4 hour sleeps during my work is killing me, I can't even lie  but on the bright side TGIF
geeez... these 4 hour sleeps during my work week is killing me, I can't even lie  but on the bright side TGIF
@Block15Brewing ah damn! I was hoping to swing by today 
The last days of Union Square's Virgin Megastore   http://bit.ly/duPRk
Missed WeHo Pride   
says *sigh* Nights.  http://plurk.com/p/114hse
Disappointed the Ustream won't work in the GVB Studio!!  
Not looking forward to cleaning up after all this rain!!!  Basement, garage, and yard look great for swimming... is that good or bad????  
AGGGH my computer froze! I didn't save my Haunted Mansion video. 
impressive that patient spends all their money on fags and booze but none on soap or deodorant. Room pongs now  
omg...just found out Player's Dance Club, our college stomping ground, has been sold  I may shed a tear...
I am frustrated because I can't get on Pear Budget. 
The Music Store @ Bluewater has closed 
I feel so left out of the Parade functions. 
Preparing to write and send a sympathy card to one of our Chamber members who lost her 45 year-old husband  ... so sad 
I wanna go to the Camera Obscura show. 
Wonders where all the calendar worthy firemen are 
i cant belive i was at Lecister Square yesterday and there goin tonight 
Old injury reactivated and normal activity suspended thanks to a seemingly spring loaded dog pouncing full weight on my sensitive back. 
My lil' ones are sick! Daycare is no fun... 
love realizing my soda (&quot;Polar Classics&quot;) likely has benzene (sodium benzoate + citric acid = benzene). 
supposed to get hair cut but Salon was closed well , they wernt answeringg the phone and has a soree hip. Like a stitchh kindaa feeling 
Street Sweeper Social Club release new album tommorrow. Nothing on Finnish iTunes yet. Don't have time to go records stores this week 
sad that CMA Fest is over  I miss my friends already. But man... it was one hell of a weekend!! One of the best weekends ever!!
@Zesylene lol..not that I know of...but man I haven't cried this much during an episode since Coop! 
Toledo Botanical Gardens now plans on charging photographers $100 an hour be able to photograph there 
just got back from Prescott...not a good show   oh well  however I did play the Grand Piano at the Hassayampa Hotel
what a dreary evening for Toast of the Town  we usually have such beautiful weather
Shot 77 in first round of Pub Links qualifier at Carlton Oaks.!   6 over in first 7 holes! Need a low round tomorrow!
Biltmore Square Mall has been really hit by the recession. So many closed stores  http://twitpic.com/7hwdj
At the chiro with mem  she can't walk. That may mean no Pride??
@Music4Food 
@amandapalmer 's Live Auction Haus has started at partyontheinternet.com!... but there are some technical problems 
Tattoo touch-up in TX after 6 mile run in 95degree heat...yowza! No swimming now 
@TheFabulousOne Allentown Art Festival was also this past weekend. I missed all of it due to a complete lack of funds. 
@VictoriaCoren Quads, ouch.  
Why do I keep missing Cinema Bizarre chats at cherrytree?? Damnit. Today it was Romeo.  
@Free_Spirit55 Grocery Shopping, Bills and Laundry   Oh well.
http://twitpic.com/7i6ov - Espresso chip..no strawberry sorbet. 
@tracy_nyc Starland isn't. It's GRO. 
@photojunkie sorry to hear 'bout your experience yo.  w/c Future Shop were you at?
@Sundry we're at brewers on the bay, the one that doesn't have pizza 
Bar vote made me turn off Intervention 
No The Hot Corner this week  too much complainning couldnt deal with it so im hopping to come back next week with a 2 week wrap up!?
NO!!! Bought Wallace's Greek Grammar BTB for PhP1,900 at OMF Lit only to find out that @BSOP Bookstore sells it at PhP1,510! Lugi!!! 
@LodurZJ i was using Scrapbook but it hasn't been working lately 
Not excited about having to rewrite my entire Animal Farm essay  wish I would have done it over the weekend.
@courtneywelch @kellikeane...so glad we got together for din @ Jake's Corner Tap!  PS: i am tweeting way too often  whomp whomp)
Watching &quot;Walk the line.&quot;  Its a really good movie but I feel really bad for Cash's daughters from his first marriage. 
I heard that Lines, Vines, and Trying Times was coming out earlier in some places, so I just came back from Wal-Mart annndddd....nothing 
I wish they hadn't stocked our office lolly shop with Wagon Wheels. I don't normally eat chocolate but Wagon Wheels I can't say no to. 
jtfc I'm tired from work. Bike ride in the morning time, then work all afternoon/evening. no soccer tomorrow. 
No one wants to be my Animal Crossing friend. 
Going to get the Civic checked out tomorrow.  I think it might have the swine flew.  
Freezing my ass off in the pak n save Carpark waiting for my missus to come back with the groceries. Electric Car window won't wind up. 
@Tonimakesufab J&amp;R Music World? Hmmmm... &amp; Virgin Megastore shut down 
@adroitboar nice!  That reminds me, have to get another camera - lost mine @ Maker Faire 
@Anime81 Hi! Slept through the evening, now I'm up; looking for a netbook.. I gotta leave for the Golf Open at Bethpage in 5 hours... 
Just went to the Royal Palace in Bangkok! Also, tried Tiger Beer and saw an elephant! And I'm in class for 5 hours today 
Lunch was fantastic, I cant for for Lady GAGA Concert but hear ttt is at Fort Canning, so disappointed, tot wil b like Indoor Stadium 
Drinking Coffee at home and start to write my &quot;Semester-Arbeit&quot; 
. @ohkatey Thanks! I hadn't thought of that! Camping OUTside, though, might invoke the anti-constitutional sit/lie law. 
I wished I owned Garden State, Across The Universe, SLC Punk, I want to watch those movieeees 
@backstreetboys We're keepeing the BackStreet Pride Alive too! Even we have an uniform. I'm gonna start crying  buaa  #BSB
Goof morning!!! In 2 days we have the last book of Millenium saga.A rainy day has come  need sun to be alive(more alive) im going to gym
@carolinechamber Lydd International Raceway also needs support after pressure from the Council to restrict drifting and motor gp 
@alyankovic which song is this a parody of? I'm not bing into Doors and I can't remember D: I feel like a bad music fan 
Club was cool, glad I didn't try to see Asher Roth @ Prive. Hungry and tired... pizza @ 2am = 2 hrs of cardio 
just got my invite to MS Vine. too bad the company firewall is a stricter than my mom 
just got my invite to MS Vine. too bad the company firewall is stricter than my mom 
@iHustle8o8 gonna go gulf and i gotta sleep early, i gotta wake up to tape Live @ the Reggae Cafe' for Fox at like 1030 
Looks like only 2 chicks now in the Barn Trust Nest Box,  http://bit.ly/glgdo #barnowl
Square 2's mama bakery is fine dandy n all, but e customers r effing fussy! N no more banana caramel bun!  - http://tweet.sg
#asksteve Did you consider lost business when removing Krisflyer Gold from the Clubhouse welcome list? My business is now going to United 
#asksteve Did you consider lost business when removing Krisflyer Gold from the Clubhouse welcome lists? My business is going to United 
Is playing Stick Cricket and Poker 
#asksteve Did you consider lost business when removing Krisflyer Gold from the Clubhouse welcome list? My business is going to United now 
halfway through week 3 and i still dont have my gasket and diff plug... i really want to do an event. i've missed HTM and Balcony already 
@Vengeance_6661 Brompton Cocktail but they cut it out too 
@tragiczka Sorrrry bunny, no more Balcony today  still luv.
wishes you all a very happy Bloomsday!  I unfortunately will have to work tonight and cannot join any parties celebrating Ulysses.  
Passed the qualifier to the Main Event, lost my heat against Auriol 
studying for tomorrow's assignments at the Lung Center. cant stay on the net too long. i miss twitter &amp; facebook 
Visit the Suds n Sass Community/Forum.  I have been neglecting it   . . Take a look and let me know what's missing!  http://bit.ly/11BaZv
We Are Free from Enya keeping me company whilst this Taxi Driver blasts out Manele Tunes. 
@Ohiofarmersmkts I'd like to vote for Worthington's Farm Market, but alas they are not on there. 
Tonight I'm going to Lush for ladies night..maybe Zan-Z-Bar for some prosecco cocktails..Vietnamese class early in the morning though 
Success!! Kitchen painted - think I deserve a gold star - I dislike decorating so much but I did it! Living room to tackle now 
missed the deadline for Electric Picnic too  http://www.electricpicnic.ie/
@B_Style_P damn did i just get rescheduled   lol, next week works just fine. P.S. wear that red dress I like.
Lol @TheProp8Comics. But.. &quot;Gays and Staights Unite&quot;? I feel left out. 
I must stop being such a Glutton. 
@Party_Hearse fell like an idiot... don't know what #hashmarks is.   (via @rainnwilson) will trend.
At Discount Tire  boring! It's my brother's 30th bday too. In case anyone cared
@TaneaK I have joined THEM too bad they wont let me stay...I dont have an Eternity Fashions or MODA bag 
@inversation arrrrragh! I guess it's later then. Nite 
@fab_car heading down to FL for a Home Depot charity event, really cool. Heard the wedding was great, sorry I missed it 
@raynashine Yes but her Glam Squad normally shows up before her &amp; I haven't heard from them eaither. It's not looking good for the BBQ 
Balcony door closed and I can still hear them  And now it's dark in my room; I have to turn the lights on, but I feel like it's so early..
Unless some Zen and Menu_Block fans vote at the last sec, looks like my #drupal vid will lose by 25 votes.   http://tr.im/drupalRap 
@Control__Freak Place called DROP in Osaka somewhere, so unfortunately will miss the LBT. gutted man. really wanted to go. 
really grateful that the Kitchen Academy has AC. Hello, allergies! 
@steph_rose: lulz to # s qu ar eps ace  and  to missed Tweetup
wishes Bejewled Blitz lasted longer than 1 minute 
My Bamboo Dock won't work with me 
@afc06 no i haven't I was hoping we could take a quick trip to Wolly World...but I guess I'm gonna have to go by myself 
@SeattleSingle At Pyramid Brewery, tonight. Unfortunately, we're at our limit.  http://twtvite.com/y9b2w5 ^EP
@jonathanpopp holy crap that sucks, NSMT, it's like the Melody Tent on CC toasting 
@GatorHawk1 Invite me! its too hot in here 
KK has a head to toe rash. wtf was she getting into?!! We get to go sit in the &quot;Quarantine Room&quot; at 2:30pm for a diagnosis. yay 
@Picturesque1908 wooow u got some of the jewelry?...i want some but its expensive and i dont feel like payin for kimoras name 
damn so I just talked to Frys too check the status about my camera and they said that I should have it back in 8 weeks 
@frenelda Honestly, hearing about it yesterday brought me to tears! Wedding week/broken heart  She is lucky to have your presence...
@g_birdie Pedal hit the concrete on a sharp turn, somehow bent the wheel slightly. 
says Sentosa today , Bowling Tmr D: I miss my Camera  http://plurk.com/p/11g1kf
Still no cherry tomatoes in this Harvester! 
Leaving @rjurney at the Tech Hotel to get home to the dogd. bet there's a mess to clean up 
@beauty613 I got no invite to the bday fesitivites over the weekend....we were just talking about them a week ago at Bar Louis 
Sat at a picnic table on the swamp and watched a bulldozer tear down Bear's Den &amp; Center Court. 
@cosymakes oh boo  Knitting friends moving away is sad.
is busy with Fashion show stuff, l didnt realise how stresful building a simple catwalk would be  x
got invited to @curb_cusine Marination Mobile's VIP thing tonight but can't go. BOO.... 
Cash Cab is totally staged. I didn't believe it but I'm starting to now that I've seen the 250th episode 
I am gonna get mad if I keep gettin Essence Music Fest updates bein dat I can't go this year!! 
Still working!  Kickball tonight at 9...So late! 
They cancelled on me, no more drunk bowling and hot dogs in Billyburg... 
Chi-Town weather SUCKS!!!!    cant go bike riding, walking, jogging etc.  are we going to have a summer      ok Wii Fit here I come.....
I am going to the BunnyHutch Mini Golf Coarse 2marroow... And 2marrow it has a 55% chance of rain... 
oh crap! transferred my licenses a while back but forgot to re-download most of my Arcade titles LOL no Castle Crashers for me 
Jog jog jog. It's been so long since i last ran. I almost died 
http://twitpic.com/7kxwu - The W Hotel's workout rm. You can't see @mayhemstudios lifting weights 
@J_Dub_YBC i'm sorry about your dad. 
Kunta: Biotch i have 2 Work thee stand @ Pride Gay Festival on Saturday  No San Jo!
Breakfast just won't feel right without my $100 Parisian baguette from Urban Fare.  
I want frozen yogurt from Chill in Cleveland Circle so badly right now. Why am I so far away? 
@ugvmebutrfls I love my Curve too much to give it up! It will be tough!  
Cafe rio with the momma cieta. Last meal with mommy for 2 months 
@ the Plaza bored by my self someone come 
@KaBoom5 Ahwe  I hope everything goes well! .. 
Bar trivia! We lost 
Just learned how fake Cash Cab is and am heartbroken 
Just saw a commercial for Carnival Cruise lines...I miss the SS NKOTB. 
At our Home Owners Association meeting. We are suing the builder. 
@NICOLII Dreamland sucks. and why aren't you following me 
D'Oh - Street Sweeper Social Club's album isn't on Australian iTunes... 
I think I had too much pizza at Trivia 
just found out that hannah isnt going to be in the Gold Class Cinemas!!! im not happy 
IxDA Portland: rocking Mint/820 and their delicious sauce. Talking about &quot;texts from last night.&quot; @nfranus is not here. 
Northside Music Fest  - i spiled my beer already  http://yfrog.com/151hxj http://yfrog.com/7gaykj  http://yfrog.com/7gd9rj
@Lydiaatthedisco Eeewwww just like that kid on Amusement 
@lindsaymallen No, that wasn't me.    But, I love Busboys &amp; Poets, and I definitely wish it was!
oh my...I just had the most horrid vision of our stadium someday becoming Inbev Field.  Outta my head, evil thoughts, out! #stlcards
Oh noes Gin Garden cocktail class tonight got cancelled because the guy running it is sick   
someone threw a rock through our Sanctuary window &amp; now I'm waiting (at 9:45pm) at the church for police &amp; a glass company to show up 
Nite twitterland. im goin to curl up n the fetal position n try to sleep. my tummy is hurtin so bad i could cry 
@elliottp So sad I missed your Tweetup  Sounds like it went great!
@SarahLowndes Fashion conspiracy!!! They're trying to keep poor people in badly designed clothes 
@AlyandAJ_Promo I should be asleep but I can't until I post some things about taylor but the site host is down so I canttt 
@djprostyle man tell me about it. Out at the Lux Ultra Lounge in Orlando last night, literally NOBODY was at the club... 3 hour drive 
Why does the &quot;Vegas&quot; tour and Siren's Eye's show at the Knitting Factory  both have to be on Saturday night?? 
thinks the new Weird Al song &quot;Craigslist&quot; is freakin' amazing!  So sad that he won't be part of my Del Mar Fair experience this year. 
Just went downtown to the Village then back Uptown to Harlem then up to BX then back home.  I'm tired &amp; got still gotta stay up to work 
@cheraustin lol!! Jammin on the ones!!  I need 2 be jammin on the sleep though!LOL! @SHININGCHER is tired of me saying Jammin on the one!
can't go to the LAker Parade  oh work. http://plurk.com/p/11jlwz
@thevowel The Marketplace is still down though 
Slowly packing my stuff at the front desk to go to the Main Clubhouse and clock out at the Receiving Area. Time is moving awfully slow!!! 
@smosh cans i obtain this tube from Home Depot? They said they only sold Metubes 
What the hell does Lounge put in it's beer? Two pints and you wake up feeling like you partied at Altamont. 
gah! I'm captain today LOL (N) I will NOT be a good one  Keeping track of everyone will be hard. Centre Court here we come!
reviewing members list for Thai Business Club networking.. banyakkkkkk gilaaaaa...tiba2 rasa malaaasss muncul.. hucksss 
OMFG. Tokio Hotel's song were leaked on the internet. they sound so different. so studip edited! it dosent sound like them! 
Goooooooooooodmorning Viena! haha ko  Oasis the day! But the rain is pouring down! 
@musicalmover No Fair! I want brownies too... 
http://bit.ly/zwLOR   ; http://bit.ly/10kYFU  what happened to the old Tokio Hotel?! 
Rough few days here while our server provider went down. Hardware failure.. but they won't admit that yet.We have lots of irate customers 
Ups if you might not be able to access the last URL it might be you are not a Club Member  - may be a time to rethink your status?
@mspnoyapp I miss The Plaza's buffalo wings and celery sticks  and the whole area too..
...wednesday already too bad I have to work saturday so no TGIF for me 
Vango Peace Tepee with flowers on, ideal for festivals? http://tinyurl.com/nyy4gt Glasto soon, which would explain the rain 
I've just got into work, pissed wet through.  The sun better come back out for this Herbal Free Party on Sat....now...CB Pasty.....mmmmm.
Furniture is expensive 
Lunch over, Car Insurance Sorted, iPhone 3.0 not downloaded  Coffee drunk, half of Dollhouse watched and probably not watching any mo ...
My Hilltop Hoods tix haven't arrived... Will have to hit the PO tomorrow to try find them. Ticketek nor keen to replace ten admin 
OK Nostalgia trip over- late night at bruxelles, hanging out in temple bar pre-stag invasion, hole in the wall beach, good time charlies 
Another morning in Lonely Town. hahaha. I'm going to be aloneee all weeek.  my family's leaving and I have nowhere to go.
I think @mattklug and I are the only people in CLT not going to Band of Horses tonight. Sold out. 
@sammymcloughlin pffftt.. Room for me in the case?? 
@artz_ii Garden party? So nice.. I wanna go too.  - unless everyone else on guest list are ppl I don't know 
Working on some music @ Studio... freakin hot upstairs.... 
Haunted by old sports injury. Ouchy-can hardly move! Any stretch/fitness tips for bulging disk in lumbar? Pwr yoga no good - made worse. 
OK. Tried switching off the proxies in Market Samurai...still can't see my poor sudoku site 
@jonlee3 @hipstergigante Yay for Camera Obscura. Drats missing Metric+Phoenix   I, too, think @dangerousbacon is hilarious! #similitude
It is now that lovely time of year where I sign my life away to Residence. And pay way to much to do so 
@misadesu PNC Bank Arts Center? Been there for a Rush show, Lawn seats are iffy, I had a pillar blocking my view of Geddy Lee 
Fair play, life can be shit sometimes... 
@wyclef what about the Clef Zone we have been feeling left out 
Pub after work but no drinking for skint me 
Cab rides make me very very nauseas  uuhhhhgg
I just broke it off with the Jewelery heir ppl - sooo sad and hard to do!! He was a great guy, just not for me 
Playing Hatchlings,Fish Wrangler and Pet Society on FB. A little of nothing until I tear apart under my kitchen sink..what fun!!! 
Signal failures near Thatcham. Train ride taking longer than usual  I'm sooooooo tired.
@ChiWright ...What's what translate to? Captain Logic? The Browncoats Band? *lost*... 
@PhilippaVino no, not at the Winery tasting - my invitation must have got lost in the post 
2morow Gym and Permit ! 
@Benharrisguy no bueno....thats why you buy from Discount Tire! Free flat tire mend 
Fruit2o Essentials makes me sad. Looks so delicious + good for you. Not nearly as good as it looks, and I bought a CASE at Sam's Club. 
App Store Session keeps timing out 
@megasms I guess K-Mart didn't work out then? 
@BronxDiva09   im back at my place.  getting my stuff ready for the Q Club tonight
Looking through @stefaniebohde 's desk in search of the Watershed Tea seating chart. Why am I sitting next to @kevinjcox? 
Lotus Lounge tonight...pending toothache 
taking a break from video editing - need to go outside and get some fresh air. Bike ride or walk? The sky is looking gloomy again 
Mechanic's telling me my car needs a lot of work. 
says goodbye to Camp Hevington 2009.   
Blacksheep is this weekend and I'm super excited, I just wish I had money to spend to buy fibery goodness 
@iamamro totally allergic  otherwise would love to re home a little darling. Right... Lights out!!!
Oh shit Street Sweeper Social Club on Fallon tonight! But but, it's during Dark Matter! 
@Extremo you really need to buy Etihad Stafium tickets a month out if you want good seats. 
I don't wanna be at work  I wanna be home. Snugged up on lounge with doona watching &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot;
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillen with no make up on..   Last practice for Chamber tonight 
Coin to bed people gotvschool tomorrow 
@tararebeccah I just ate some Ritz...my bad, I'm trying to cut out snacks   They were the low-fat ones haha!
Kinda disappointed at Two Door Cinema Club's new remix... 
It does not look like I'm going to make Comics 101 
Tattoo delayed until tomorrow at 3 
I'm sooo mad I missed the Grand Opening party @ Annex!  (that was the highlight of my day grrr)
Quick shot or Quad Camera doesn't seem to be supported in the iphone 3.0 update. 
@dimediva4 I know but at least your going to attempt. I wish I could go with you to K Lounge that night 
@1vs100XboxLive I can't download 1 vs 100  Would this be related to the Marketplace issues?
Yard sale is over, for now. No one came 
The last supper @olivegarden in Times Square 
@ThereShe9oes i still got my highschool cap &amp; Gown and of course the recent college one but i can't seem 2 find my 8th grade one 
@Walicek Festival do Unfollow ahfdjkdfa 
Bar is too dark. I can't get a pic with my cell 
Espresso martini.....yummy.  And yes, goin for dessert   lol
@16Frames wooowww...when is my turn..?? i wanna go 2 ur concert...!!!  
finishing the band lyrics for our new song! Garage bands really hard to manage 
Rhythm heaven is so judgemental 
I had to have a starbux iced coffee this evening instead if Intelligentsia coz I had a free coupon. 
 I lost two kids at Youth Group tonight. No joke.
OK. Collective group hug to @DavidArchie !!! 
No fair, I used to work at Restaurant Row too! 
Today was amazing,work was good,and I had fun at Tj's. I'm still wishing I could go to that Metro Station Concert though. 
Just got out of practice w/Janna.  I have really bad allergies  What do you do?  Soul Fest tix still available great price!  Call 4917260
Anyone else tired of the Market Place not working right today? I want to download Rocket Riot, but cannot.  I'm a sad panda 
trying to make Photobooth work and failing epically 
@sunnysankari I work @ Cafe P cooking brunch on Sat now, so I don't think I'll ever make it to Farmer's Market.  But the cooking is fun!!
i feel stupid. i went to the Quest Studio with my friend and i didn't get any of the moves...  shiit!!
@DannZamora Hotel Rwanda was really sad  haven't the other two, which is quite odd
finally i learned to dance Hoedown Throwdown ......... now going to sleep tomorrow school and junior!!!  
I will kill the Bar before it kills me 
@Mychemfreak that actually sounds really good! Nite...oh btw, miss our late nite laffn sessions       nite frnd!
Bed time... Office in the morning, then flying home in the evening.... Sadly, I have to return my rented 2010 Camaro! 
@moniguzman  A whole bunch of people showed up, darn! I was finishing up things at $3 Bill Cinema for the 2009 Sea GL Film Festival.
@kyahbaby i want ma Curve 
Rewatching School Rumble Season 1 then off to bed, not feeling well enough to party with the rest of the ladies downtown for Project Pink 
home a bit ago. had to deal with some dog stuff when I got here then was looking for stuff we bought at Home Depot awhile back and lost.  
Totally bored!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am supposed to have Tap tomorrow but they cancelled it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just watched Bolier Room for the 300th time. Dope movie but my have the times changed!  That market has boiled fo'sho'.
just ate a 12&quot; Subway Club sandwich all by himself cuz he had noone to share it with 
so i guess its going to be Tianamen Square    ... http://tinyurl.com/l3cnsj
@kitabet god, I miss Istiklal buskers  But I carry their sounds in my head (and on my ipod) wherever I go
@sameerdhawan you have Team Building too? I am a heady mix of chameleon, turtle, eagle and salmon! absolutely no tiger in me 
is still in America at College Inn Pub with @karenxlovely, @monsterxo, and dude, too sad about going home tomorrow. 
oh S Bar how I miss you  summer 08 you were good to me
BluWater on Greenlake sorta sucked tonight. 
Tofu Bob :'( is in pain in the garage. dAmn the blue Honda Accord that hurt you baby 
@IntheHotSpot Site not ready till weekend. Doggie was put down among other delays.   Other good developments though. Nite from SD CA ;-)
I can't go to the Gathering 
waiting for update to Fiesta so I can play.  
@andiiii_ I like it. and @ everyone else; Old episodes of family guy = 
My old horse isn't competing today  but he is going to a national qualifier event next month at Lemington Spa
Bike pump broke and left my tyre out of action, nice day for a ride too 
3oh!3 were on 'the box' ahaa this is gonna be another Metro Station/Go:Audio all over againnnnnn 
Industries that are severely affected and continue on a down trend include IT-Software, Retail  and Real Estate 
Pub at half four, that's bloody hours away 
@AllAbout_Travel nice. sorry about that. here's some objective data - 5x scoble recently  http://followcost.com/allabout_travel
@lithousewife  I missed all the fun!  Nat Book Fest here we come!!
Camp Bestival has now sold out 
D'oh. Sayang Build 'n Brawl Series 7 offered by Cool Republic Toy Shop in GH will release toys by set, not as individual figures. 
@lfesvr You took off last night before I could say bye   Where did you dissapear to? Bikinni Bar?!?!?! lol
leaving   i should play 'My Hometown' as i drive away. and shed a tear.
Faenol Festival cancelled this year then. No more rocking the middle aged for me this year 
All alone on the weekend because my friends are nerds  *sigh* I guess it's one of those Chinese-takeout-and-Southpark nights.
Not doing well with Comfest rejection today.    I want to be busily preparing like all my friends!
#bringback Yr 04 n 05 the most livest yrs...From Spotlite to Flex shows to 18 n older parties wen I ain't no anybody that died 
@smithcollege I heard from a fellow Smithie the book really hated on the Quad. 
@vadabee I've actually never been to Station 9.  I'm no longer a local 
Going to T&amp;T in Pacific Plaza for bubble tea, alone 
Scene 4 was so hard! I had to bite my lip to stop myself laughing.  I got laughed at for dying wrong... 
Fabric is expensive 
@evatography I have a lot of friends that are going... do you want me to hook you up?  I ALWAYS miss the Mermaid Parade 
I can't go to Farmer's Market today 
BORING class. Camp afterwards, but I'll miss @LaurenConrad 's book signing and I'm sad 
I just want to be home in bed!   TGIT
damn it. Nu voi fi in Bucuresti pentru Mozart Rocks. 
Gig tonight at King Street Blues, Alexandria. http://bit.ly/mfqve Need to redo chord charts with larger fonts  
feels so bad with Tugasku Reunion. I guess it would be the seperate reunion for us. 
Watching Old Times Cartoons xD is so nice to remember these times  im feeling old :S; duh! im just 18yo!
Finished! My arm and shoulder hurt. Bead Stroke  :  http://twitpic.com/7qa5t
@evanstrange @scottwesley Much as I loved Club 463, Club 384 was hopping last night. Three-way phone call soon? SD reunion's far away. 
Old episodes of entourage until work considering my xbox died... 
Visited Belle in ICU. Activity up, eating a bit more, breathing more labored = no net change.  Catheters are off her paws from wiggling.
@Mitch1988 ahhh jealous! why cant G-Town have a Papa J 
fails at making homemade tacos  running today was pretty intense, the heat that is... G onna start my essay on &quot;The Breakfast Club&quot;
@amandastewart Bridal shower 
Fabric shopping went ok I left my cash flow n the car 
@ThatRetailChick No I'm not. I'm actually shooting a video this weekend. I wasn't asked to be apart of the Indie Music Fest. 
I got lots of bonds for my Bar Mitzvah...why no Kennedy Bonds? 
@bestieverdid American Craft Beer Fest IS right up my alley! Unfortunately my schedule conflicts with every single one of the sessions. 
@jillybee72  have a great fest.
@TiffNic25 anything but Freight Depot 
I have 3 days left of vacation and haven't gone anywhere! Waterpark here we come!..No way! What do you mean it's going to rian tomorrow?! 
Lights off again 
In Hell's Kitchen at 9th Ave and 49th St. Chick in front of me is barefoot with toes walking on dirty pavement. It's slightly  disturbing 
Catching up with @verneho @jonlim @idogood @drupeek at Spice Route in the patio. Runners are a faux pas here. 
Carnival food isn't the greatest, sore tummy 
@aplusk fuck you @markhoppus &lt;3s @lttheninja mma  @hoodlum12 cake later  @TomDelonge im on Mod blast yeah thats all i tweet haha fuck you.
Anticipatin these BallPark nachos...im so fat 
Mojoe's wiff @PeytonCameron and Seannn. I forgotz my camera tho  oh welll
@SophBrassington Soph, imagine what the Clash would do if they heard you say that Jazz is better than them. You'd be smitherines!!!! 
goodbye cocktail with anna...tear  (at Flatiron Lounge)
goooooooood morning errrbody! jumping into to shower and heading for my 9am class. TGIF? not yet  still got programming test at 3.
Nostalgia with mama in this fucking traffic jam. Haha sooo many things we miss 
Beers and Vin Voyaj Wine Company meeting at Firestone Brew. Only 40 more cases of Pinot Noir left - a year's supply? 
wishes I was doing something for Juneteenth... 
Were getting hated on in the carnival. 
ArrSpan Mixer at Varnish til 8:00 - will be sad to lose this space to Eminent Domain  http://yfrog.com/659rtj
Garden fence fell during the storm and squashed the squash plants.  I got the fence back up, but was eaten alive by mosquitoes. Dead now.
I loved the 91 degree weather today, just wish I had a pool!  Outpost tonight for a bday celebration..should be another h.s. reunion.
back from @_URBANIA, et vernissage de Emporium state of mind, a vu @JeanAymeri mais pas @CindyLou_ 
getting stuff together for the Bridal Extravaganza. doing it in spurts because my foot hurts and i can't walk on it too long. 
@buckhollywood I'm stuck in the Lounge! 
Lukn @ the pic on my Sam's Club card. I didn't realize how short I cut my hair 
@ the Continental Club for Beetle Band &amp; decompression.  Tummy is upset, so no dancing for me. 
The last ever HotMess is tomorrow at the War Room in #Seattle - waaah i loved that night  http://tr.im/p0tE
been in the Ark for a bit.  Luggage last spotted in atlanta 
 cuz I wanna go to the Shedd Aquarium..2mrw is the last FREE day!
Aw man.  Nostalgia for S3 is over 9000. This season is just not as good.
y's this Karaoke night turning sad, this groups doing mariahcarey's &quot;always b my baby&quot; this used 2 b my songgggg  
Fireworks 
Nite nite twitters cnt wait til this cough is gone 
So sad Figlios in Uptown is closing....such a fun place for happy hour. 
didn't get to celebrate Intl Sushi day  but had fun watching Round Rock Express &amp; eating ballparkfood. it was Thirsty Thursday! 1/2offbeer
San Diego Street Scene is back August 28-29th Downtown. Headlining Black Eyed Peas, MIA. Wish I was going     http://is.gd/15UVB
Bored as hell on the way to Center Point and I haven't even left The Ville yet 
Does anyone know the two celebs that got eliminated on I'm A Celebrity last night? I missed it 
continuing my diet by drinking this Propel Fitness Water...very spendy 
@Tango_Elle That's bootie  ... So it was a sausage fest tonight at Club W?
My son soooo want to crank on the Mutton Bustin event at the Reno Rodeo. Apps closed for this year. Will have to wait for 2010 Rodeo 
A restaurant chain killed the fun of saying TGIF.... 
Wishing she was at The Cab concert tonight 
How come I didn't know we were supposed to get this storm? Wtf. Basement window opened and water poured in. Fml. 
@Ashleysmilesxo you're so freaking lucky girl! i wish i could meet him or at least get his Autograph but i live in mexico so no happening 
45mins of mental torture and I'll be out from this school!!!! TGIF is not applicable during this time 
When are they going to make a sequel to Sim Tower (not counting Yoot Tower). Come on people, it's been 14 years! 
MAC Studio Sculpt....I do not like you...you did make me break out - grrr! 
Bar dogs really make me miss my dog cocoa. 
somehow managed to fall asleep with a Wedgewood Rooms AAA pass stuck to my leg... now it is sticky 
Just been forcibly removed from the Glow Room by Glostapo. 
Tower over me. (8) everyone does anyway.  
Looks like I didn't win an Icarian: Kindred Spirits OST  Either way this one is a fab game so you guys should pick it up!
@innerbrat @moviegrrl: No Tia Carrera version of Ballroom Blitz on Spotify 
It's way too hot at work. Fireman has made us close all the doors. 
Late-lunch/early-dinner at Food Louver, Grand Indonesia. @Reginavalliana jd ksni Reg? @eugnachs huhuhu packiiing  oleh2 yaa hihi
@thomasj The End was such a great venue 
Awww, such a disappointment  it's 7am in Planet Cazmo&amp; it's 7pm in Singapore. LOL, have to wake up at 7am so it's 7pm at Planet Cazmo.
Actually, it's not TGIF for me. I still have to go to school tomorrow. 
I wish c.ronaldo would come back to united..   there's no &quot;ViVa RoNaLdO&quot; at united anymore..  i'll miss you cris ....
I wish i'd had &gt; 5 hours sleep.  Staffing ticketdesk at Goldcoast after work &amp; tomorrow morning.  Should probably lunch-nap in my car now 
Left my pencil case in Orientus Resort 
@fatalinjection that's why I wanted to come XD.  But I just did AnimeNEXT and can't afford it 
didn't get her nap, woke up late, no time for yoga  getting ready to return to work. TGIF.
@TenderTalons I had no idea watch &quot;The Room&quot; would scar you that much. So sorry 
..i should be in Rockafeller Plaza 
@Landmark808 would love to go hawaii 
@mrbulleen studying or twiterring baby? Reel wrestling maybe? I miss you already 
The good news: My Mill Colour iPhone app is in this weeks Broadcast. The bad: I got pooped on by a bloody pigeon on Carnaby Street 
My car (a slightly long in the tooth Civic) developed some sort of exhaust issue this morning and now it sounds like a douchebag's Civic  
Missing the Fair, when i should be there with the kiddies 
@ubuibmel yep, at Opry Mills!!  Totally bummed there are no IMAX tickets available.     Who are you going as?
@juliancheal I'd love to say it would help...  my colleagues who are staying on in the Travel Shop are smiley and helpful though!
Gr, I want to put Fight Club on my iPod but I don't think I have enough time to rip and convert. 
today - Office, lunch, BBQ, Party, another party.  No FGF.  
@MissCJayne yeah, our Juneteenth here is always violent  If non blacks are always attacked, why to they still attend? 
Lunch at The Keg cancelled. No steak for me 
@JamesandSons Re: Jam. Mentally scarred by the scene where the woman is giving birth and the father goes and sexes up the midwife! 
@lionelcook aw sorry to hear that  happy bday tho...party after work! TGIF :]
Hometown radio station not supporting homegrown artist, sucks major lollipops 
@GuyKawasaki Kinetic Parking Lots sounds interesting, but the link is broken 
downtown T.dot sure has changed a lot... Younge Dundas Square is trying to be Times Square? and where did Sam the Record Man go??? 
@ebgordon Software upgrade, yes.  Hardware upgrade, no 
@theblish Socials 
@ncacensorship &quot;Now put the Hemmingway down sweetheart, and get back to your Grand Theft Auto&quot; 
nooooo! Camera Obscura cancelled their show tonight 
Watching the tender hearted hostess at Westend Bistro try to save a dying baby bird 
Traffic Jam. 
@nickiminaj  U thought the show at ShowPlace was cancelled. .. thats what the website says. . 
@nickiminaj I thought the show at ShowPlace was cancelled. .. thats what the website says. . 
Tipster alerts us &amp; a call confirms that Montparnasse, in Pod Hotel has closed. Lease ended 2 wks ago; no plans of reopening. [via Eater] 
I keep wiffing on @ArashMarkazi's Trivia questions   I feel like a big loser
I keep wiffing on @ArashMarkazi's Trivia questions   I feel like a big loser
Extremely hungry...heading to Eagle Lanes for last day of DBF...feeling like the end of school season again, but actually sad about it. 
FF# @jcarterallday (He's throwin a crazy Bday edition of Sol Fusion 2nite with NO I.D.) damn im gonna miss it 
rt @tinadallasfla Shout out 2 Mad Linx who did his thing on the turntables last nite at IMAX in Tampa &lt;---------&amp; drank all my champagne 
SoCo is never a good idea 
@mrssweetness4u I dont know whut im doin. If @STtheGreat Picks me up, we hit up Aqua sometimes. But i dont know. U gotta do sumn, u know? 
Its OMGIF already than TGIF for me 
Indulgence! :-D Runners knees now! 
Rotary Fest is flooded.          http://twitpic.com/7ty8c     http://twitpic.com/7ty93
Splash FM stream not working  no Club Nation, we will upload the show tonight for you guys
T____T I want to be at V-Fest. I really do... BUT---&gt; wrong continent... 
@tsaleh well it sounds like @atmos isn't actually. 
I miss S Club 7! 
I wish my head wasn't so sore.  Plaza Tapatia &amp; Shorebirds game with Whitney &amp; my momma!
Funtime's over  now back to waiting patiently...&amp; hoping for a nice weekend......
LMFAOoooo @TommyMitche11 got me on the SummerJam screen 
@The_Block_2009 I only got 3 pair of pants no shoes  now i'm going to take a nap shopping for cloths stresses me out LOL
The wind is picking up and the Movenpick and High Flyer have just closed for the day 
Not gonna get to see Classic Delusion tonight on the lakeside 
@rednewsom how is that possible?! Second week of no Club for me   missing you Club!
I wish I could get Builder's Club on ROBLOX. D: I like the new gear but I can't have it. 
I LoVe LuV lOvE things with wheelz-ShoPPin Carts- Rollie chairz,sKateBoardZ . . I sumtimes find myself wishing  my feet where wheelz 
Having a pretty damn good day.  No drinking at work for two weeks  boo on Patron.
Not feeling all 2 great 2day. Wishing I was @ NXNE. MMVA's this weekend. And missing out on Capture the Flag @ High Park. 
resting between packing and wishing I were at the Hollywood Bowl instead..... 
Readin' Entertainment Weekly, listenin' to Common.  Movies later, I think. :o I still mees my knee-guh. 
No Tattoo and Body Art Expo today because the weather is bi-polar. 
No Tattoo and Body Art Expo today because the weather is bi-polar. 
@BananaEsq you should have taken my advice and picked up Kitchen Confidential to read 
Microwave popcorn has a shelf life - whoddah thunk! Old popcorns popped = stale popcorn. sigh. 
Bonfire at amanda's for the last time in high school 
Epic Fail! Another of my favourite restaurants gone! Cafe TuTu Tango in Universal City is gone. Tis set to become a Brazilian Steakhouse. 
Pickin up @misstinayao waitin on @sadittysash 2 hurry up...I odeeee missed dem  Table talk 2nite...LOL bout to be fat...
@3minhero Fair dos, poor thing though 
@bdiamond78  aaaah maan.. i always miss hanging ou with LIG ...  I need to make sure I make it to the next Retreat event :-D
Olive Garden was good. I ate too much though. 
Valet scratched my car 
So I don't think that I got that Job with Cigars International...bummer 
@jenxstudios Room service? It invariably sucks 
Macro Wholefoods Market is officially dead  Only a few packs of nuts and some free cake remain in the Richmond store 
On my way to my loves bday  din at Bungalow Club in West Hollyhood... Traffic 
I think vacation is making me gain weight  So much good food!! Fishing in the am!
practice @ 6PM then Spinning from 10pm-4am @ the Living Room...long day 
With family @ Village Inn after hike. Cant find food not fried &amp; smothered in cheese &amp; cream based sauces 
Boo. Vermont Brewers Festival is the same weekend as Otakon 
I cant believe Oceanus at The Body Shop is being take off the shelves! 
Ugh Relay for life just got rained out for me, it was lightening, raining and about to hail so i  left 
Finish eatin dinner now Headin 2 D Airport 
Juneteenth tomorrow..i have nuttin to do 
Nite&lt;3 I guess even though I would Rather tweet! 
Nite all still awake here shame everybody else is asleep 
I'm a little dissapointed because I am missing the (Hed) P.E. Concert that is going on right now at the Key Club in Hollywood 
@GCofOBM don't u boooooo me!!! I already told you were gonna hang! U sprang Fashion 40 on me 
Looks like the weather will be too crappy for Music Fest tomorrow. 
@HayleyBofMC Sorry to miss you on this California trip   There just wasn't time. How did you like the original Haunted Mansion?????
@missoni doesn't like me. She left Club Ice without saying goodbye..one more NLN follower down the drain. 
I'm super sleepy  think it's time to retire now. Nite all.
@oneofthedevout I love The Pet Shop Boys!  no money to go though 
Wish I could sleeeeeep  Tap tap revoloution is a life ruiner
Thinspiration book tonight. Also... Room cleaning.  
@Suppy7   don't ask anything
I'm still getting lost in columbia.   born with no sense of direction.  Finally home. Nite nite all...sleep well. Be back if can't sleep.
This is some bullsh#@ got into a car accident. Cab hit me and blew out my brand new tire on my truck 
At Prive in Planet Hollywood chillin w the wedding party rockin out viet steezy lmao...hella solo miss my luv bear 
Getting dinner ready.  Family having a nice lasagna while I have bland white pasta due to a case of Gastro 
i am not getting twitter updates from people i am suppose to get! So out of the loop  Del Mar Fair was fun--too much funnel cake &amp; cows
Festival Mundial...without Lauryn Hill! 
I got ridiculed by some random guy at Pocket Bar comparing my 1994 esque 6210 to a cricket bat. It hurt my geek-estime 
@latinaginna Fire destroys Teany!  http://tinyurl.com/mxwqfr
is very jealous that a lot of you are heading to Grand Cayman for engage!09, and she's heading to the Maui Film Festival instead!  
@Cama I was @ Boot Camp tonight trying to setup their wireless, but there's no bandwidth anywhere to use  Hoping to pop up during day.
want to be in ldn now  andygeorge and jaymo are playing the Brixton Jamm tonight...about 2 mins away from where i live 
has found a cheap yet nice brand of clothes at Festival Mall. Woo, I want to shop--wala na akong damit!  http://plurk.com/p/12ei5y
Guide took us to ceramics shop $600 plates, rugs $1500, then only had 20 minutes in Grand Bazaar.  Man I coulda got some deals there.
Yard Sale again today. I know one thing though. I want to go to bed like right now instead of doing this yard sale. 
http://twitpic.com/7w4ce - Copenhavers show us the shape of their hearts. Old phone pics not nearly as good as other phone. 
@sharonisme I was at Pavilion too! Aww, didn't see you  Btw, I gave up on Quest for Gold cos I found out other ppl have almost 100 tokens!
@jekegg EGG I'm at paragon!! Cafe chilli wanna come? I don't hv ur number ah 
It looks like it's going to rain on our Strawberry Festival parade this morning 
Patron was not a good idea when you have to be at work at 845am 
Nostalgia... A time like yesterday's; never again! 
Breakfast, the muffin tops are weird, not hard and crunchy like  but they are double chocolate  http://mypict.me/4Dfs
My colds/allergy/chronic illness is killing me! Homeworks aren't done yet... I'm not in a good mood. 
Luggage still lost and not found... 
One dead, and two injured in the Khumeini Shrine Bombing  (nowlebanon)
One dead, and two injured in the Khumeini Shrine Bombing  (nowlebanon)  #iranelection
Shop closed for the weekend, sun went in around the same time.  Coincidence?  
So back &quot;Coffee is a Brewing&quot;. Watching the US Open (Golf) before it gets rained out again...LOL 
Girly Nite 2nite with face masks and takeaway.  Last nite hanging wuth my sister 
Cagematch down... 
Bus is picking up mom @ goldilocks in Newark. I wish it was open. I could go for some Filipino breakfast. Ate egg whites instead 
River Cottage Canteen for lunch today. Food good, service poor. Least impressive visit so far 
Leaving Hilton Head. 
Lowell Hip Hop Fest today. 3pm-all day til midnight. 21plus. Worthen st. Rain or shine. Tents. Graf. Breakers. Djs. Mcs. Non-vegan food. 
Yard sale at my house today! I'm tired. 
Unique Bar and Grill Cancelled tonight!    Tuesday Bluesday is next up!
I was going to go to the Fabulous Fifties Festival this afternoon to ride the Ferris Wheel because it's baby-safe...now it's raining 
Farmer's Market, errands, dishes, bake a cake, make pizza ... doesn't seem to be much time to edit photos 
Missed Art Nite Out  Can't wait another minute so we are biking to Plaza and Cannon Mine Coffee to catch up.  Should come back with pics.
Wishing I could go to the Fremont Freakfest (Soltice Parade) with my buddy, but really need to write and catch up on stuff. 
is not at the Mermaid Parade 
Ovrcast &amp; cold @ da bch; so sad, tryn 2 get coffee; recession's hit my hood; 3 Starbucks hav closed &amp; the one @ the Ritz will soon b too 
watching isle of wight highlights really wanting to go to a festival 
Market was good, but now I'm stuffed  blehhh!
I really hate this weird feeling in my tummyy  TIREDDD! -____- Camp is going to be a drag todayy
@jessicaenright I'm probably going to take him to the Strawberry Festival 
someone should be at a Scottish Festival today, but it isn't  such is life
@gb_joe - it sounds like Tiananmen Square today. 
I didn't go in Urban Outfitters today or American Apparel before because of the rain 
   Curtain drops at the Crown Uptown after 32 ye http://www.kansas.com/news/featured/story/860875.html
@Muzik_Lab can u make me some hot honeycider?  i cant talk good.my throaaat.
I wish I was at the Reunification Picnic with my amazing Parent Partners  I miss all of my families today!! #fb
Holy crap on a stick!  The Crown Uptown is closing!!    
On my way home. Camp was great! I miss tim 
Cleaning Room. 
is shaving of his beard AND DOES NOT LIKE THIS  but anything for Fashion ....right?
@krisis I doubt I will be going to the Tweetup. I have an insanely busy week ahead of me. 
Alkaline Trio show is in 6 hours. D'aw. I wish I was going. 
@StaciMarie  you should drive to Charley's, then to Berea. I'll be at the Library until 4.
i forgot Pride was today. i want to go. but not alone. 
Rave head vs hippie birthdays turns grace into a jibbering wreck 
Bridal Shower was great, mom and I won all but 1 Bridal game lol. Now off to the graduation cook out!!! 90+ degrees outside 
Want much to go to the Library Mall to show support, but am far too sick.  With you in spirit, though!! Rally starts @ 3pm...
It's depressing going into The Sunglasses Hut &amp; trying on ray bans that are $140 &amp; not being able to buy them 
NoJo Alumni...had fun 2 day with my sister &lt;3...work from 5 till aftedr 9 
Stranded in Fort Myers airport ...missing the CSC Bar Crawl 
A very sucessful Brecon Craft Fair today, and my recent large FilePrint order arrived...now to package 1100 greetings cards 
I seriously hope it doesnt rain tomorrow or my County Fair Plans go down the drain 
Just made it to Evansville. The Freedom Festival is not free  but i got a sandwich at Lic's. Life is better.
Oh crap I hope it doesn't rain tomorrow for the Solstice in Times Square  http://bit.ly/FgemS
@PandaMayhem @Donnie_Lover Village Inn this am was splendid!!! I couldn't eat my pancakes tho. 
No one showed up at the Rittenhouse Square protest.  #iranelection
Tattoo removal treatment #2, feeling discouraged. 13 more treatments to go 
I need to perform surgery on the Civic to cure it of the swine flu. 
It was raining most of the day till late afternoon. The river Inn floaded parts of my evening bike tour 
@nisaa dont remind me... i always get homesick when I'm Uptown 
Wanted to go to Alterra on Prospect to do some work, then realized the Soulstice is today. 
I got kicked out da Hotel last night.... never been so fuckin shame before.... 
@CherylHarrison  Campus Tan and Nails across the street!!  Wait, I'll be the only person there 
Wide Shoe Warehouse in Charlotte has apparently closed.  Wah!!!
Fuck! I didn't know the Freemont Solstice Parade was today!!    http://is.gd/17EM2
Wheel bearing replacement postponed 
PS: wishing I were at the Fremont Solstice Fest 
@MissMagica I'm sad about Knit n Caboodle 
watched Mall Cop . it wasn't too good  was kinda funny though 
@DanDickgrafe Crown Uptown is closing? 
Garden State Mall not a good idea!  http://myloc.me/4IcI
Lent my Guitar Hero drum kit to a friend, he broke my cymbal... 
Well I was gonna go to the Brooklyn Hip Hop Festival but I'm almost positive this rain has cancelled it 
So, back from IKEA. Pretty successful trip. Food in Dekko is SO delicious. Wanted to get a leather sofa but it's an order-only number so 
http://twitpic.com/7xxbi - This is what rain does 2 the Bklyn Flea 
@paigeiam if you consider taking @DancerDaniK out shopping getting stuff done. No Fair that she found a cute outfit and I didn't 
This whether out here is horrible. I missed the Brooklyn Hip-Hop Festival. 
In Camp and sick! 
Sushi Den, Denver's best Japanese for many years, is getting too hip. No more Tonkatsu pork cutlet on the menu.  #twEATs
Food Inc.  (at Elmwood Theatre)
got to the Crowne Plaza hotel, not great. The 1st room we got smelled real bad, the wifi is terrible , and the walls are thin. 
got 4th and then 6th  at the Alcan Festival
o man- i gotta get pretty again fro work tonight (sigh) i dont want too  come visit me tonight @ Luxe lounge
The boot Camp was exiting, yet exhausting going to take a bath then straight to rest. I burned my knees and feet. ow 
@teenagedvow it's gonna be Tiananmen Square all over again. 
bored out of my mind and my friends are at some Firefly Marathon at there senior friends house so i gots no one to talk to! 
Feeling a little low.  Laptop vs. Futon...Futon wins.  
Scuba diving today:    Dive Connections canceled the Los Coronados Islands trip today.   I wil have to go on that dive another day.  
Wine tasting is over. No keki, no hubo cacahuates japoneses... 
is sad that he is missing out on ProvidAnce Pride! 
Missing my little ship Carnival Pride  http://twitpic.com/7yj59
is @ River City Brewing Company for the 48 Hour Film Festival Wrap Party. Team Be Squared not a winner this year. 
enjoyed my Bridal Shower today!  ...back to work tomorrow.  
Foregoing the BridgeFest Fireworks to finish the indexing job. 
Thanks Erotica L.A., you stole me my money, now I'm broke until next weekend 
found closed road w @gomeler. did some Fiesta 0-60 runs. 11 seconds.  need to dyno, look @ power curve, move shift points #FiestaMovement
Five Icon Dock doesn't like 3.0 
URG! The Cab is at Chain Reaction......And I can't go 
http://twitpic.com/7yuc8 - Bike just finished! But sadly it's still at the shop 
found closed road w @gomeler. did some Fiesta 0-60 runs. 11 seconds.  need to dyno, look @ power curve, move .. http://tinyurl.com/ljy2d2
@jadennation Room B has no link. 
is upset i missed this Sushi Fest  maybe next year! Sushi Sake Fest 09' Toledo, Ohio  http://ow.ly/eCWE (via @brainsandbutter)
hmm .. surprise venue disappointing - Builders Arms Hotel. 211 Gertrude St Fitzroy 3065 - nothing middle eastern/moroccan about the menu 
DiBruno's didn't have carrot cake and the Masonic Hall wasn't giving tours  #Philly
@MiiSSBuQSii  but at tha Base Team Floss gunna be playin dat Daggerin nd Soca Music nd imma be given lap Dancesz for free
Weddings make me jealous  hahaahhah
Skate2 online. Saddd and lonelyy 
And obviously the universe doesnt want me to see Fight Club ever again 
@omgitsafox, ouch.  At least you got to go to a carnival?
off to see the Room and Rocky at Chandler Cinemas for the last time 
@RobynBaldwin The Steam Room wasn't working so we couldn't use it   But the cold pool was crazy! It took me so long to go in the 1st time!
@The_Block_2009  I can't make that show.  no money.  so sad!
Beyond tired. Wine would be so good right now. Wine &amp; a cigarette 
*harrumph* And The Band Played On wouldn't play.  @ Mockingbird Station http://loopt.us/NrhchA.t
@bandofskulls great show at The Mod Club. missing tonight's gig  but I hope to see you guys play again soon! take it easy
@ the Nascar Races Camping in a RV with my Fam Bam, worst thing is I think im getting sick 
Cab driver sucking on gummies. I want gummies too 
Heading off to bed soon. 6 more days until the move. Filming a Rose Parade with TV Cogeco today in Welland! 2nd last production with them 
Sundaze noon i've a work,,huuh..still sleepy 
I hope the other Mod night is better next week.  june 27th &quot;the smoke&quot;  this place seriously needs matty &amp; kristen. 
@DRanged691 Although I guess it was probably Lion's Gate Films, not the creators... oh well 
@IHeartSheena I tried to go to Market but it was way too packed 
Patron on a empty stomach? I just can't do it 
I'm in a bit of pain. Bike ride gone bad 
Here at Glorietta 5. Window shopping for iphones 
Where do you get Club 77 (Starfuckers) pictures from? I'm looking for ages can't seem to find it 
I'm always at work  but somebody must save the High Light Munich Business Towers
I so want to get Guitar Hero World Tour at the moment...why is it sunday 
Just saw Cafe of the Gate of Salvation at St Johns in Darlinghurst. They were very good however gospel and me just don't see eye to eye. 
http://twitpic.com/7znx7 - Y-3 Store on Sunset! Y-3 is the shit. Makes me more sad that I'm a fat beast. 
La Perla Opens East Hampton Pop-Up Shop new fake 
rain rain rain, I might have to cancel this afternoon's L-Style session 
@almightykey Kick them where it hurts, punch their face then pull their nose hairs out.   {Silent Library is influencing me}
The HiFi-Meet is over  It was extremely interesting and enlighting.
Tsk, how to play Farm Town 
Old coffee maker being retired after this morning's pot 
damn, I missed getting to bed in the same day that I got up   Nite all.
Getting a laugh out of D-Listed Decor: http://d-listeddecor.blogspot.com/  doesn't look like she's updated in awhile tho 
Bike polo. And it's raining. 
last night was great, have a killer headache now though   Florence and the Machine are playing T4!!!!! 
@sunnysunnysunny Old age  He hasn't been eating well the past few days, and we were expecting that he's going to go any day now --
Is at Gerry's Grill. Touch will be lowbatt na 
They're painting my house. Kitchen, living room, and bathroom tore up. Living my life from the bedroom not working for me. 
hmmm.... Golfing seems to be more important than Family 
Last nite's barmitzvah was crazy! Sole Power puts it down! Big up Mayhem's finest! 1 more 2nite then Covert Ops @ Revival! I got a cold 2 
My little godson is in hospital  so worried! Listening to @delta_goodrem Angels in the Room to make me feel better!
I'll have to visit the new Acropolis Museum after summer 
Going to Ruth's Diner #SLC for breffus - for the last time  http://www.ruthsdiner.com/
@VaughanEditor Sadly, it won't. There will be another Tianamen Square (or something like it) and that will be the end of any protests. 
St Davids Hotel &amp; Spa A-M-A-Z-I-N..... BUT now I'm baccckkk  x
Who else misses Parade the day incredibly much.. 
Shortribs at Craft are amazing. Dinner as a whole didn't quite meet all the hype. 
Working on  the Solstice, boo 
@EmerLadd  Mod 3? Thats the hardest of them all i dont have a maths till november then im done maths for life!!!!!!! unless i do A level
I back from Waterside Festival in MK - great weather - bad hayfever 
 my show today at Tavern on the Green 4 Make Music NY is canceled due to rain... growl!!
At a buffet at Sunset Station. Hating it. Eggs are oily, pancakes are tastless, and orange juice tastes like cherry medicine. 
NXNE is almost over!  Staff party tonight should be kick ass!
Camping rucksack and airbed - bought. Tent - definitely up for discussion  why can't it be big AND easy to carry?
@miqotu We had permits for the Harbourfront Music Garden. 
I know in the grand scheme of things it's not important where we get hitched, but the Harbourfront Music Garden would've been beautiful. 
Only back to post:  Due to severe fatigue that I am having today, I will not be able to attend tonight's Collective Soul concert.   
@aerdin last two times at the AMC Waterfront my popcorn has been stale 
About to take a bus to The Alley and to get sushi.. Found out Medieval Times isn't having shows while we're here, very sad 
Left the Camera Store empty handed 
is Blues Alley gig cancelled. 
$900 in car repairs = Banker's Club boozes for me 
Writing about the Toronto International Film Festival...and not I don't get to go 
Just found out that &quot;Pup's&quot; mom is in the hospital with heart problems.   at least the have a good Cardiac Care Center at St. Luke's CR.
@QUEEN_ZZIL_20 Aw, man did you drink yesterday after we left??  You busted out the Patron huh??
- Fear Factory pull out of Bloodstock  I wonder if I'll ever get to see them?
&quot;TRANSFORMERS 2&quot; first premiere later early evening at Empire Cinema?!!! YAAAYYY....BUT i'm flat broke! and date-less  pssh. grrrrreeaatt!
At Foothills Brewing Co.  Left my I.D in the hotel room  oh well, shouldn't be drinking beer anyway!
Scuba was great! But we never want to fly stand-by again. 
Old lady stole my window seat on the plane  don't worry.  I was nice and gave it to her
What do you know, i have service. Haha! Camping is so much fun! I just wish we had more food  of course.
Wish it were like this every day. Bike rides with my boys in the sunshine. But it's late and I have to go to bed now.. 
Penthouse event on a monday evening with an open bar - they keep pushing this sweet tea flavored vodka tho  guess I can't be to mad huh
@Rarchelle I hear several helicopters buzzing over around here outside!!!! You know I'm only 3min from Washington Hosp Cntr... 
@timheidecker @eric wareheim My July 4 BBQ would be much more fun if there were a Buffalo branch of Steve Mahanahan's Child Clown Outlet. 
SO Fecking tired. Hotel sucks. Noisy outside and im next door to Bloody water tank  need sleep!
Holy sh!t can't believe I am missing this!!!! @andrenickatina performing w/ The Roots tonight @ Highline Ballroom! Hecka sad right now 
Everybody is @ Garden... 
Almost done with ach for Midsummer Fest. Sadly, same cannot be said about moving... 
I want to go to Fashion U. sooo bad but you have to be 16!  ugh come on @Teen_Vogue i'm gonna love fashion just as much in one more year!
The Block was fun. But now my feet hurt  
Just went for a nice 3km walk with our company Run/Walk Club!! I would have jogged the distance, but I forgot my sports bra. 
@ProgScape Me too - and I didn't even get to go! Beardfish just dropped from Progressive Nation Tour! 
Playing Tap Tap with @DeadxLexi.  I fail big time 
@freddurst mmmhmmm, Cairo has a McDonalds... right next to the Pyramids 
Going to the dentist today.  Carnival/Festival starting tomorrow! They're already setting up the rides and games.
could've been at Metro Station concert yesterday...could be at Papa Roach concert right now 
@AllisonSurowitz Firehouse in Kzoo and 24 Grille in Detroit. I heard that they don't think they can fix Firehouse 
@iAM_AM I can never find anything decent in Urban Outfitters 
band customisation in Unplugged is there...but not in-depth enough to let me put specs on my dude 
waants to watch Camp rock so bad!!...but noone wants to watch it in this house  
There is an Elvis impersonator singing at the Market downtown today.  If only I had known before I took my lunch hour... 
sucht ein bestimmtes Restaurant in Hamburg.... Heeelp me pleaseee!!! 
i think @fluxystar should come have a beer at Aroma tonight since i'm bartending and won't see her for a week. 
I want to learn how to do a Japanese Tea Ceremony. 
@tolszewski I love afternoon tea. The one @ Ritz-Carlton is fabulous (though luxurious brunch is even better.)  I hear Tea Cosy closed. 
Contest postponed to thursday!!! We still need 2 nominations!!! 
Will be going to the Cool Springs Galleria today, why is there never an Armani Exchange within driving distance of me!? 
lonely without the Pub Disco Boys  @kungfooguru @diginux
Rice's Market this morning, then 3 hr work day &amp; jeans...doesn't get much better! ... off to the orthodontist now though... 
Kidz bop is not fun to listen to.... 
Moxie having 6-course Stag's Leap Wine Cellars Dinner Thurs., July 9, 7pm / $125. Reservations call 216.831.5599. Sorry, no website link 
Listening to @lightsnoise Dinner with momma and @laurenhalestorm at Cafe Adobe later. Both of their last nights in town.   
Old and wise - yeah right! Where's my aftersun cream?!? 
Last day at the Marriott annnd my last day with the scooter, so sad 
I was useless at Palace tonight 
@calandrachicago Soul Train is missed..by me..fo sho 
Hotel giving me the runaround  This is exactly what I meant by inconvenient. #bonaventure
is going to Ikea to spend up big and take advantage of the last go at Kids Club 
My last day at the Studio. 
Getting car washed at Sunoco  Station Autowash, please speed up you rebuilding efforts!
Stomach is churning from all the obscene greed. If you buy a Lotto ticket, I will be a little disappointed in you.   
Headed home to check on the #puppycats and take shelter. Kickball cheerleading might be a wash (ha-ha) tonight!  #damnpompoms
@ewhuntergross i miss going to the carnival so much 
Hangin out at the Vibe Lounge on Long Island, feelin crappy cuz we had the wrong start time down and missed the 1st band during dinner 
@wendilynnmakeup so it won't be in a Hall    Comic-Con was &quot;so important&quot; to Heroes....  At least there's something. Thanks!
@305Fireman we ate it all.  lol
I knew I should have run away to the Steckler Fest 
soo...my studio fix is nearly done.  this makes me sad. However I'm thinking perfect oppurtunity to try a diff one. Studio sculpt?
@Eastercampsouth Tents however, are not. 
I really wish I was 21 so I could go see Phoenix at Urban Lounge 
Accident at pedestrian crossing near Plaza Singapura causing super bad traffic congestion cos vehicles can't get past 
Anyone know where in AZ to find a selection of rollerblades other than the 5 generic models @ every Sports Chalet/Sports Authority/Dicks? 
http://twitpic.com/88p7p - Hall of Presidents: best ride for nerds. Closed for refurb. 
Figuring what to eat now after seeing Food Inc.  I haven't had dinner and I missed the Farmers Market this weekend. 
Queer as folk ended  that show is too cute for me to handle
Prince St. Cafe just made me miss Jack's... 
RiNo 2nite!!!! I'm sooooo tired  Shots, Shots, Shots!!!
@DarcieMaurer I am jealous! I fly up to WI in the morning but no time for Summerfest or Brewers  But I will get to Noah's Ark.
Nite  @seanjonerlin miss you 
@X360A I know this may me a little off topic but you guys never did an achievement guide for Skate 2 on your website. 
@toolazytocare I can't find any Fight Club books. dnw ebooks  And I haven't seen the book CS mentioned.
Lights go out and I can't be saved .. 
Is Butterfactory really so fun? Seems like it's the new Zouk these days. I've totally lost touch with the nightlife 
It seems the universe wants me to watch Fifth Element a lot. Which means it wants me to get this: http://tinyurl.com/mo6mfd.  costs a lot.
they are destroying Cafe by the Ruin's gazebo (one of my most memorable places!) to put  up the cheap sogo motel 
For those who have asked, I'm not making it to the YouTube Gathering on the Gold Coast - @Comp1stSeason and Les Mis commitments. Sawry. 
damn it.  someone beat me to the botteshop and came back with Wynns Coonawarra Estate Shiraz 
spotted: 3 tweens smoking at The Curve. Grossed me out.. 
Traffic Jam  @unicornkid How much is the Lunan Festival?
@umbro I want a BlueMoon Tee!!!! 
Pub quiz tonight. With a special section on Sport and Religion... tonight is going to be a poor result 
@rickoshea I was so up for Karaoke. 
I finally signed up on @ rotocasted. Happily adding to my Collection n Wishlist but am annoyed the site only shows up properly on Safari 
I finally signed up on @rotocasted. Happily adding to my Collection n Wishlist but am annoyed the site only shows up properly on Safari 
@Coop_ haha and I have no choice  fml...this girl..smh
Cocktails hate me 
Room is empty  I'm going to sort of miss it a little bit but not a lot because... well... you're not meant to like halls...
i wanna finish my review about my trip to sonar Festival  this year but there is soooo much work to do that i leave it all the time 
Heaven At Nite....hope I'm not sick there 
@Shake_NorthSide my body shut down on me lastnight just after 8 lol! I am mad I missed Meet the Browns 
Lunchtime walks in a bid to lose weight are most annoying when all the pubs one passes are throwing out delicious food smells 
Not that I fear the Ribbon, it looks great... I just fear the loss of productivity while I ramp up to a new interface 
Graveyard tonight 
its soooooo quiet on here today  feeling like i need a proper work break. cant do this anymore! hurry up V Festival x
Project Wonderful rejected me. 
wrote to Music Jam after a long time. But, sadly, they didn't even bother to read it 
It feels like Martini O'clock, but is in fact, only Three Thirty O'clock 
Backyard is finally getting landscaped!  Only downfall is that I already miss Spudnik who is staying at his grandparents for a few days 
Was having dinner with parents downstairs in Dining Room, they started watching 'Baba Ramdev Yoga' thingy, so I'm back to my room  .
@darrah1. The Chamber Business Expo should be great!  I will miss it  I have another commitment.
To the Commonwealth Club for the opening of the Mozambique Mundo exhibition (via @jonathanfryer) miss not being Com Club member 
Pub buddy had to go early so back in the house, gonna have to nip out and get some cans or something now 
has to catch up on Hotel Babylon and other stuff but cant find the time 
@The_Style_PA I use a fan, but it's giving me chapped lips 
@barnoah Ah yes, there are quite a few Texans who come up and compete in the Rodeo at Stampede.. I don't have authentic boots 
@Jpcashcash I wanna  see you guys so bad at the Warped Tour, but i can't go  but i met i at a Metro Station concert
@jessakelly thanks! St vital area. No puppies allowed  settlewrs of Catan is encouraged though. Bingo tables too.
@ashvala Was driving in Old madras road on my bike!! There is no concept called parking on the side 
@rhonda_brown thanks for the tip on Sam's Club! 
Saddle Ranch Comedy night. Then back to the boy's house 
...so i just ordered my copy of Hardcore Underground 3  love me, love me! Canary in skinny jeans going balls deep.
@JonathanRKnight A truly great place to eat is the Canteen in Ottumwa.  Loose meat hamburgers in a tiny cafe.  Everyone's friendly. 
@wigsie I do too, but I seemed to have missed this one.   It's a  double feature tonight, On the Waterfront and Casablanca. 
Finally! I just created my WordPress Blog. There's already a blog up on the Seattle Coffee Community  ... http://tinyurl.com/c5uufd
@maikeru76 your np mean no problem??  In the Marriott world I worked iin..should never be a problem-always a pleasure! hahah! mp 
I am freakin grateful that I don't work at Fontana Fitness anymore! 
@BenjaminEllis Jubilee line to Canning Town, then DLR to Custom House. Takes 20-25mins. 
Travel section tab all complete and linked in  http://theclausito.wordpress.com/travel/
i had such a wonderfull time out with Mela last night watching DGoody 1978 play Live Keys for Rap Group Self Tought  at Favela in Old St
@andrewdever The Laksa at the Happy Chef at the Pailou Centre on Dixon Street is the best  
@quantie Cream Cafe &amp; Bar Thurs 10:30 communal office out of office working 
as cant get tickets to Gadget show am taking boys Snibston as peace offering 
is downloading Tap Tap Coldplay! 
says just watched Mall Cop.  http://plurk.com/p/n0s0q
Designing a nice clean and clear concept today. Whitespace is the name of the game 
finally sweepy time  weeew  Nite Nite!!!
@jonathanhaslett Espresso looks cute  http://is.gd/2OAj
@ihealth many thanks for the mention of Podcasters Emporium 
@nat_ski how bout  some Steppenwolf - Magic Carpet Ride? 
@Ericossie G'morning back  I go later to my &quot;Fruit&quot; Dealer and buy fresh RAM ;)
Anyone tried games via www.steampowered.com ? http://is.gd/raWF I love Tower defense, and this game looks awesome. All cloud driven 
Watching friends on pay tv. Old but comforting 
@Shiminay Fair enough  I just surprisingly like it... especially 'startup repair'... has saved me a couple of times.
Going to school then baseball if it doesn't get canceled because of the rain. Jammin 101 is coming back soon!!  http://jammin101online.com
@meerajane I luv your blog too!  Fashion is &lt;3
The movie Bridal Wars is a lame story, but it's hilarious and suitable as a  time killer  
@stephendancer  Yes more than most you need to work with groups  We are 3. A name for our co-op office Maxims: http://tinyurl.com/d5l7gb
@PhilStratton Free Francesca, Fantastic Family Fun, Food, and Fellowship and did I say Free? 
so excited that I will be stopping by The Bridal Bar Atlanta today!  YAY check this place out @bridalbaratl
@flushgorden &quot;I didn't know it was THAT free!&quot; (and w that I must try 2 get a few hours of sleep... Nite, my fellow Cleudo-phile 
I now know the Hoedown Throwdown. 
Party, home. Eating a hashbrown, drinking some orange juice and then off to take a two hour nap, if I can. If not, more TAI TV quotes 
We've made it to round 2 of Surface Unsigned Festival!!! Woop woop!!  More details to follw 
@equivalence loved Arcade Fire at TinTP .. the singer said &quot;you guys sure know how to hit a drum&quot; re: when the orange walk went by hotel 
@tynesha  sorry you slept bad. I am just moving slow. Old age and all that. Takes me awhile to get moving 
@francesbell had to let people that both of me are at the Moot 
oooh, one of my Digital WingGirl clients got a very promising email today.  Crossing my fingers for him 
Burlesk! Showers tonight at 8pm at Artistika, 523 Elm St. GSO... only $8 in the door 
@kend_ohh  sounds good  me and jess made a video of the Hoedown Throwdown 
Updating my Delicious Library collection.. Its depressing when many books you own are old enough to lack barcodes. 
Korean foods were delicious, now time for Beer Station and AI, my hands smell like sweet delicious meat 
@jjwebshows when I hear the  Hoedown Throwdown I see you doing it in my head. 
lol, can't wait for practice, down @HYPE Studios in Torrance w/ Elusive!  &lt;33
Just got done watching Empire Records   ? http://blip.fm/~4iqmo
Off to join our company's first Sportsfest ever tomorrow. I joined table tennis. I hope I win. 
@missgiggly Cruisers are awesome! Thanks for the laugh! This drink's for you. Cheers! 
@emily_nicole  shoulda come to the Turf  
Today is Thunder Over Louisville - the start of the Derby Festival.  I love being here for the festivities even if I'm not going.  
Big Glow Workshop- meditation and inspiration- 2night- 7pm- Gateway Yoga- Raleigh NC- Join me and feel the energy! 
Is Planning JKJ's Harajuku Party on July! 
Watching 'Breakfast at Tiffanys' 
@MeganJoan rumor has it you're coming 'round for Guitar Hero &amp; Whisky?  see you soon!
is going to the Strawberry Festival with my cute little family 
At the &quot;souk&quot; at Madinat Jumeriah Dubai. Shops, restaurants, man made canals, boats, fake old style Arabian buildings- feels like Vegas 
I had a tamale for breakfast!! Haha. At Western Bagel. Text it motha fucka! Lmfao.  
Winery date tonight!! 
saturday!  Earth day at woodlawn&gt;&gt;BBQ&gt;&gt;Oyster Bake&gt;&gt;Minor Holiday Antics at G.I.G, see you out there!
Stumptown Comics Fest today &amp; tomorrow! 
Starting Boot Camp today.....should be awesome 
Detroit Clothing Co has all the best Local Brands Conveniently Located In One Store!  
@ctdesign87 im so glad you went to china town again  i actually think that Biryani Place's food looks really good
@davidarandall Costa Teguise - Known for windsurfing and Golf, glad you like it 
The t-moblie commercial &quot;The Old School&quot;  Classic Commercial!! 
@stupidreamer Indeed! Guest room cleaner at Travelodge :B Better than nothing, I guess  Just need another job to make up another few hours
Graffiti  I'm not gonna paint over it I like it :] http://twitpic.com/3jpqn
Olive Garden with matthew!!! 
#asot400 ALTHOUGH, i do love this track lol! hurrah for Cosmic Gate 
@gwenbell #SUPA is Startup Princess Academy live event at Disneyland.  @momfluential on stage now. 
@sheshel Costumes?! Games should come with costumes..so you can play and look like a total wanker at the same time. 
I've had a great day. Went shopping, got 2 pairs shoes, 2 summer dresses, and went to Montevallo Arts Fest &amp;  got earrings &amp; kettle korn 
At Mill's End Cafe, enjoying the beautiful day while getting hw done. Mayan mocha is excellent. Good rec from @scribedevil's better half. 
Weddings 
Bicycle! Bicycle! I want to ride my bicycle!  And I think i just might. before it rains. Hi twitter fam!
http://twitpic.com/3k123 - Meg and me poolside at the Yacht Club! I love my life 
NOW!  #SGP Meet&amp;Greet Berryhill 1717PostOakBlvd 6pm meet #teaparty babes @somethingfishie @RinoaTx @thecivilright @RWSparkle + me 2! #tcot
going home for a rehearsal tomorrow morning  The Cell Block Tango!!!
@JaneSaid Fair enough - that's one for 'stick to your knitting, Dubber...' - thanks 
I think everyone in the city is outside today. Enjoying some time in the Village after Pinkberry with Taylor. 
Oh yeah! NAPP peeps that met her at PSW - Light Bay Photography Studio is Margret's studio!  She misses you all!
DOWNTOWN tonight. We are gonna be at Wall St. and then who knows 
Coachella Tonight!! Tropical. 
Downtown tonight at Off The Hookah! 
@vja4041 Old age and treachery. 
Relay was absolutely exhausting... but it was a success!! Rays game tomorrow! 
@kylesellers sorry to hear you've been so close to death's door. We've been sucking up Intelligentsia coffee at an alarming pace here. 
listening to &quot;Tennis Court Soundtrack&quot;. I need to update my blog and songs before I go to Seria 
Little Temple Bar - Silverlake - Amy's Birthday - Good Friends! 
Just ate at the newish Chez Papa Resto in Mint Plaza - can recommend it  Feeling a little stuffed now though!
In route to Liars Club to hang out with the @longpork guys 
@The_Block_2009 wow you are on the phone for the whole show. how awesome 
Just wanted to say-  Animax Rocks 
Headed home. Boring night, didn't get much done. Hopefully tomorrow will be better. Dinner in Chinatown so that'll probably help 
@ashleycauthen  Invite my to your party 
My dogs look tired, so I guess it's time to sleep.  Peace, love, and cupcakes. Nite twittin tweets. 
Amazing Race + Vietnamese Coffee 
@dahowlett But would be a please for me to take ou out to Butan Club when you are around, mate 
What a FANTASTIC Royal Dance Party we had today!!! Whoohoo!!! I am still excited and in the mood to dance some more. Anyone? 
@SophietheCocker Wardrobes are often made of cheese, so you can eat them. 
Cab drive last night was more pleasant than the movie... 
@ericdlux see u there!!!  We have a cabana!!!! Whhhhoooppp Patron time ill send u a shot!!! 
Bookin its home haha.  who want to chyll haha
Cooks River Eco Festival was a fun coupla hours - hurrah for Marrickville Council 
Queer prom tonite   soooooo much fun. I loved it
@kanzeon It is, isn't it? What do you like better though, Pet Society or Restaurant City? 
Listening to Myaday Parade  &lt;3 chyeaah beetch.
Watching 'Breakfast at Tiffanys' again 
Walked from home to Toride Station.  Today's exercise: complete. 
@martinxo Mart, have you got a link for the Shinzen Young mp3, so that I can &quot;test&quot; it? 
CURRENT STATE OF UNION: In -High Waisted Skirts, Vitamin Water, Westfield. Out -High Waisted Pants, Tap Water, The Plaza 
@The_Style_PA Polls are polls; nobody said it was scientific. 
@Ali_Oldenettel Congrats in the Bar Gold victory... And not getting a PI ticket, not throwing up in the car like you know who... 
@linuxing Shave ? Shower ? Breakfast ? Gym ? Adventure / Pubs / Entertainment || &lt; looks better, isn't it ? 
@dajve Panic! At the Disco are emo. Alternative music is a a non-independant name for indie  or so it seems!
I want a great dane. Majestic monsters  looking forward to tomorrow.
2 hours left to join my 1000 full color, double sided business cards Contest -  just comment to win 
GoodMerrnting/Nite L4Ls, even though I know yall prob not going to bed right now ntways... 
I will be at Bagoong Club tonight!  Crispy Pata, yum! #fb
@feliciaday I only followed you cause other people I follow follow you, I just discovered &quot;The Guild&quot; WoW your a geek 
Cozy posey in bed...Nite nite 
Sun is shining, Buena Vista Social Club playing... what a great day 
Tattoo party @ my place! 
took the girls for walk that went through Rec Ground where childrens rugby team play. Grace wanted to join in. so not a girly girl then 
@fareastmovement Went to Sutra in Costa Mesa tonight. They played Girls on the Dance Floor twice. 
@Bluegrass_IT Yeah i goto Bus Network so will come and say hello at the next one 
now im home after the Oldtimer show  It was amazing!! i love those cars..some of them was sooo beautiful.
@timmeh And isn't that done right in Espresso 
@AbuDhabiGGdoll What color Socialite Collection Glossie is that you are wearing in your wall paper photo? I need it in my life ASAP 
ohh, and i just watched I Dream (the old show with S Club 8 in), and now me &amp; Danielle are dancing to The Saturdays! 
Helping the &quot;Raiders Booster Club&quot; get thier website up this morning.  Thinking about wearing my Dolphins top today.  
Marley Fest; I was so blowed and blazed. I wanna go again today 
Corner Gas will live on in re-runs 
Many Thanks To @KathieDelG For Exchange Student Connection!!!              Big Hugs 
@njdoc I hope your Virtual Playground is a safe and happy one 
What a glorious day. Bike ride and lunch in the countryside 
Yard seems spraypainted green overnight... So rainy yesterday was worth it?  (daughter said &quot;so pretty&quot; - 7 y/o son said &quot;whatever&quot;)
@alibelle  Fair enough. out of interest, what have tutors said?
watching Breakfast Club... great movie 
@carr30 dude, you are spending too much time at the bar 
I love watching service with a soy chai tea in hand in the cafe #FC  Delicious 
Going to pick some flowers. Yard needs a little sprucing. Then TACO meeting at 5pm. Formosa Pride!   
Midwest Horse Fair was fantastic, unfortunately won't be enjoying the last day... someone hug a horse for me?? 
@Karen230683 what are you qualified in - and don't say Hotel &amp; Tourism Management, I know so many who did that and couldn't get a job!!! 
trying to get Deerhunter/Atlas Sound/Lotus Plaza to play our basement 
@reuseum The Den of Thieves workshop was amazing, thanks! I'll plan a day with you I can spend the afternoon working on my lamp 
Dnesek se fakt podaril, stihl jsem toho vice, nez jsem doufal. Ted hura na thajskou veceri do Noi - The Art of Taste 
Likes Social Media Club: Loads of social media info  - http://likaholix.com/r/fwH #social media
Now playing : Ultimate Seduction - Ultimate Seduction (CLASSIC) ; #ASOT400 
I Love my hubby!!! When i got home last night he surprised me w/ a blue French Connection dress I have been wanting from Private Gallery 
Getting ready to go to a bbq at my baby daddy's house with his wife and our kidscrazy huh!   Peace..Rockin the bob marley tee and some j's
Lunch with hubs at bandit.. 
UGH so much pain... Pride was fun getting ready for another day 
is headed Uptown  last minute wants &amp; needs.... needs &amp; wants. lol check us out at www.uptownlife.net !!!
@bunnywunny Fishing for compliments? You know it includes you 
up and about and heading down to B&amp;L Bikes off of Rosecrans 
At TGIF's with the fam 
@Tarale Print layout mate... 
anyone wanna go to the Tuaca Body Art Ball w/me tonight(mon): http://www.tuacabodyartball.com/ looks interesting &amp; free liquor is nice 
@LizDueweke p.s. can't stop listening to Camera Obscura since our convo 
@ilovepublicity I'm such a girl, hardworking over here was about to go to sleep but Platinum Weddings is on! 
@jen004 I took my kids to Toys R Us every Saturday .. it was next to a Home Depot! 
The Fire Engines meet Thriller?! Candyskin...nice!  http://tinyurl.com/crfe2j
Studying for a test! It's way too late I need to get to bed!  Nite nite!
@Jetemetet I do enjoy the good ole U.S. of A ;)  I'm going to a kick ass Womyn's Festival this summer! It's the largest in the world 
@BKoka have fun at daycamp 
Drinking ice mocha vanilla at Coffee Club, Paragon wif my sis &amp; her baby boy Cayden... 
Check out our new portfolio on LeSportsac &amp; 35th Anniversary FiFi Lapin event just last week  http://cleanpapercut.com/works/?p=27
@didaylukring I love it too. Thanks to Rustan's Home. 
Midnight vanilla bubble baths are the best  @ Home http://loopt.us/4waBjA.t
at meeting now ... really great Studio time 
is semi-chillaxing to some Kings of Convenience at work because he's done thinking. 
@codinghorror or maybe you work with the Kool-Aid man? 
@ThisismyiQ or (253) 773-6483....&quot;Blessd Nite&quot; 
@Fashionista85 good morning sweetie  x
@danhowarth Cheer up danny boy!!! Not long till Marbella 
School today D: Track practice XD Track meet tomorrow at home against Romulus 
By the way @spwc is @niamhsmith - we're working with the Festival this year giving them a hand with things 
@tompbsmith I found the Aqua Teen Hunger Force OST 
http://twitpic.com/3nfrb @garylamb Saw this interesting note on the bulletin board in our Wellness Center office @ the Y! 
@geteasypeasy Fair enough - I'll be watching your progress with great interest 
@somecanuckchick I thought &quot;H&quot; was for &quot;Honh honh honh !&quot;   (nice cake and happy Hub!)
Listening to Cold War Kids, Venti Frap from @Starbucks and less than 200 e-mails to go through - good start to a Monday morning. 
Restaurant Week #CTTU #tweetup at Heirloom on 4/24 at 1:30.  DM me ASAP so I know how many to reserve for! 
Cafe hula today. I want soup and an ice cold coke  http://bit.ly/fLiz9  http://twitpic.com/3ni1z
Civic education!  
@sparkles61785 yes will be performing next monday 28.april at Canal Room se my page for details   http://www.myspace.com/katehavnevik
@googlegirlaloo I just stick with Lunar Pages. $75 per sale, I'm good  http://cli.gs/LunarPages
bumped into Vickna &amp; Preethy at Koffee Klub Express for lunch - thx for the company 
@JulianFootprint Taxi for one! 
@theroundup Hey hey...unit is progressing nicely . Building &amp; Pest locked in for thursday. Finance underway...will confirm in 13 days 
is watching Centre Stage 
Off to get the train to work, really looking forward to today. Studio practical, social media for musicians and a bass masterclass 
soon -&gt; Boat // you can apply to work your way down there from emgland or ... find a rich a aussie 
@KofC_org That is why I am a knight and a holder of 3 policies with them.  #prolife
Looks like Flick Fishing has been updated with some kind of online play with friends...oh dear that will get me playing again 
K I'm going to bed now. Nite tweets 
VA - Russian Drum and Bass Convention 7 Part 2 - 2009 ???? ??? ?????? ???????? ???????? ????????  http://juick.com/89868
@juliatempleton Travel safe! I'll be looking forward to your tweets 
Playing &quot;The Block&quot; a second time in a row....come on guys come out and tweet 
Hopes i get the job at the Daycare i applied for 
@jradc  hhahah love it! I'll cover DownUnder, u cover UpOver hahah if u know what i mean!  LOL
...Bicycle clips and shoulder pads?! No! ...amazing what you see from the top of a 47 
I think I will go to bed. Nite all. 
@alejandralei is it? haha idk i actually dont go there i have a membership but at Bally Total Fitness haha 
@gigi_sg Yup!  The former Chef Chan at Odeon Towers has nice modern oriental feel. Not sure about the new location at National Museum
Just got pau a gig @ Dole Cannery and bout to watch Family guy!! 
Nite nite tweets  .. hopefully today will be a better day
@Toerk Fair enough I like it cos it's not like the typical news readers out there and can group pages  nicely. Each to his own though 
Me doing bikes Racetrack on week ends !  http://twitpic.com/28o4g
Help out Culture Shock SD and join us a@t Hooters MV on Wednesday from 600-1200. 20% of your check will support us  Drink and be merry!
@Lousia : l'Urkraine, c'est cher en Roaming... lol 
@isla_fisher well if you stay at the Sheraton again I might see you in the gym 
anybody seen the movie &quot;Sex Drive&quot;? Movie is funny 
At Baraki Bar, chilling out enjoying the warm Melbourne air 
On my way 2 MG2 Square wth friends.. 
@martinxo Easy peasy to accompany you on #Ukulele. Open strings available in &quot;C&quot; 
Economics - What will happen to the Y-Curve, if M1 rises? 
My Room, Part 2  http://bit.ly/157DAC
says share naman kayo ng game for Youth Camp, 100pax, with the topic Learn.  http://plurk.com/p/ras8r
@shellemu next sat going to Deluxe Lounge for my bday if you wanna go 
@robdew So technically Truckstop Honeymoon can say they are a wedding band (well, with that name and all... 
I will be celebrating/djing/drinkn at my friends bday at Stonerose at The Sofitel in Hollywood 
Selling this beautiful Vintage pearl ring for a friend who really needs the cash  http://bit.ly/xc8Wj
@maryhavlicek I am cracking myself up too! It's been a long week TGIF 
Denver- Entertainment Center (DU): Free to good home!  Reply to this ad or call Chelsea at 303-895-4411. http://tinyurl.com/d6sdfc
Learning Hoedown Throwdown 
Divine Bar in NYC, yes please 
Packing for Beach Trip with Sigma Nu 
he's coming back http://twitpic.com/4d2fr  ..Reunion
Listening to The Downtown Fiction 
Satanicide is singing about pussy &amp; ice cream at the Mercury Lounge. 
@harisn no i was up 9:00 'o clock - was enjoying Desi Breakfast 
My 2nd fave Wedding Crashers scene - the dinner w/the &quot;happy ending&quot; 
Camp rock is overrrrr. lmao. ohhh you have no idea how much i love them 
Sydney - Landrover - Station Wagon - 1999 - $3333 ono - new ad received and will be posted on the HCC site soon 
Bunco was indeed interesting.  those ladies are serious about their game! Lol
Sydney - Landrover - Commodore Station Wagon - 1999 - $3333 ono - new ad received and will be posted on the HCC site soon 
Back from Sushi Den... THE PLACE to have sushi in Denver..... simply the best   goodnite tweeterland...........
yarn people are the best, I had raised $150 for Relay at 5pm and by 6 reached $500, now I've raised $2,230, all for a chance at free yarn 
Soup 'n' Sweet today. 12pm - 2pm. Masonic Lodge Dufftown. Come along if you fancy it! 
Early morning walk to the bakers for pain au chocolat in the sunshine, listening to Death Cab 
Nite nite everyone! I hope you all have safe, pleasant, and remarkably blessed nights. 
At the Urban Espresso Bar for daily coffee fix  http://yfrog.com/28zeij
Caribbean Pirate Boat rentals in slump due to bad PR off Somalia  http://twitpic.com/4e4y5  #tcot #hhrs #pirates 
Going to Polo with my sister and mommy 
The Wedding Planner is such a happy, cute and sweet movie! 
is playing Pet Society.  http://plurk.com/p/rcc67
@craftedgems thanks.  Might give it a whirl this w/e. But ankle is still dodgy so don't know. Bike is fine but long walking gets it aching
We rented this Karaoke machine for $10 a day, the volume is so loud that all the neighbors clap for joy 
At Lotherton Hall.. the sun is shining, and the kiddies have their. Bikes 
oke there, now is 2mei.. we have  Tonight show on Darmint Cafe-Tebet in Central Jakarta... we hope you come to support us.. See ya 
Local Whisky Store found 
going to 3 Horseshoes in Radnage for lunch with friends. Should be good! 
had a great performance and great night with my ladies of Xposed Dance Co. 
Thanks @marcbenton and @hrider for spreading the word about my show at the National Cathedral Flower Mart this weekend. 
@grahamsmith3 down to play a track for Balcony TV - thought we'd make a night of it 
@GazDenA Haha - thanks man. Most of the filthy punk i listen to seems to be missing though... Studio tonight 
Fifth Gear the past two weeks, music video prep today, shoot tomorrow, edit monday, Fifth Gear tuesday... why is work always like buses? 
So who's got some People's Music Store URLs to promote? Send 'em over and we'll retweet to the network. Where's your store at? 
@Duidl_Media Cheers for the #FollowFriday! 
Fab discussion at Book Club on @toscalee 's Havah 
Morning Twitterverse. Ouran High School Host Club DVD arrived in the mail, watching it now  Don't like the dub though, prefer Japanese.
@crazyTVaholic I'm in the process of writing another song w/Garage Band. I figure I can stick to 4/4 time for 1 song 
just saw @ecjc at the Farmers Market  
@stesimpson Not another one held captive in the Shepherd's Bush Bazaar 
$1 Super Saver Saturday is back, plus several NSD sales at Inspiration Lane  http://tinyurl.com/c6aplf
Loving life right now  Bonfire with the best dudes  http://twitpic.com/4ecbz
CONGRATS! to my Husband @CarlosAKellyEsq article on Eminent Domain published in May Fla Bar Journal http://bit.ly/MOlx3   isn't he cute?
on my way to Sommerset Mall to see what's new at Sephora! Fun times 
You can kill two birds with one stone. Or you can watch them and all be happy. A little wisdom from Animal Crossing 
@OkieAnnie unbelievable,but awesome  yesterday we(me and @anch23)have been talking about Jubilee..actually we almost lost our hope
@Baratunde - good to see someone from the Comedy Studio here on Twitter.  It's like the Kvetch Board - only better 
@mokistreasures  Moki, you can just come on over and join the  Vintage Auto &amp; Parts Group on Bonanzlers Network  http://bit.ly/RDvjI
Garden's sorted, grass cut, deck chairs out , blazin in the sun   off to maccy ds
Escaped from the heaving confines of the Bristol Uni library under a hundredweight of books. Coffee and research in the Tobacco Factory 
Going to the Cincy Museum all day. They have a dinosaur exhibit to see.  @meaningoftruth XO
loved Notorious at the Art Deco Theater last night! How pretty was Cary Grant? 
Rhythm heaven 
@ProfessorS are you sure its not the &quot;Coffe Houses&quot; 
Yard work 
@lacouvee Terrific...anyone else interested?? Join us, Friday, may 8th 11am Reading Room Cafe, Sooke. It's a beautiful drive 
@theabolishers I am SO stoked that you're on The Pit now! We really needed you to be a part of the family. We're better for it! 
thanks for the #followfriday mention!  @Techno_Barista
Going to the JellyStone Skatepark today! 
@meganedempsey just drove by our favorite place at Sanctuary 
Seaglass, beach, and arcade. 
@patphelan that's it, so - might be late to Tweetup 
@lilyroseallen happy birthday!  . Retro Beach Party time!
@Jams969 make sure you dont have any tennents tonight  what you up to?
off to the carnival with 4 little muchkins  x
@rockahunny They're vampire novels. The first is called Eighth Grade Bites. 
is off to work  visit me at Paradise Bakery 
Someone should come make me some Mint Juleps  http://tinyurl.com/c3zequ
@QueenKris The tea party was good, you going to the Torcher Parade? 
@jenlicata hahah that's right!  Teach them young!   Grass fields = fun. Store fields = no fun.
@kristinhersh Sounds like you'll be having quite the day! Studio time is my favorite times. 
needs a spring clean. Room full of stuff scattered everywhere. It's what happens with the absence of parents  x http://bit.ly/D-Sol17
@Techno_Barista no problem hon...howz it going? what's new!?!? 
at Aksara Kemang's Cafe, with people I love, my team. Let's storm our brains together peepz 
@Ines  Nite Mojito dreams  #twitterqueens
Had fun @ LaserTag, heading to York tomorrow for the Fairy Festival thing.. should be fun. 
&quot;Because I'm a sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot?&quot; &quot;Bingo!&quot; 
Bonfire....its nice outside   ugh..im stuffed with smores
Hey @fairly_biased just found out that &quot;The video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Home Box Office, Inc..&quot; sorry... 
This Club is Popping. Shout out to all my Africans out there! 
I liked Hotel For Dogs alot.  4.0 out of 5.0 A very warm hearted movie with some good comedic moments.
@jordansgrl4eva yeah, she is   love ya Jam
@Rockafellas playing &quot;Walk this way!&quot; 
@Spitphyre @Polka_ hey sorry to have missed u guys last eve, mr. @shadez didn't want to share the attention 
Anyone care to join the Lonely Hearts Club? we can be lonely together. 
Eyes finally back to normal after an hour nap. Staying outside the whole day was a bad idea &gt;.&lt; .. Lantern Festival was a success! 
@carlitangel525 Umm random gift bomb?  besides a new GMB item and a 	Art Deco Lamp,
@Fireman17  check out my recorded videos on my channel and u'll understand 
@MercyStreetTeam yeah. we saw Mercy Mercedes at the Bamboozle Roadshow on Easter! They did so good! 
Didnt have my phone today fuck me. Bridal shower so fun omg i love my new cousin  she is perfect! The muellers are so funny
Ribfest tomorrow with some one special!  hehe
@startonomics ha ha ha .. no, i skipped breakfast for Flea Market and I am damn hungry. the #iA2009 teams &amp; concepts r all amazing 
@mrgammon We're off to Stanford Hall. 30Mins away. All types VW show. cars and campers old and new. Fun for all the family. 
@Loan_Mod_Lady  Welcome and have we got twit! Thanks 4 the follow! Peace
Jammin at the campfire  what a jammin day!! http://twitpic.com/4gw6o
The &quot;Student Store&quot; is rolling right along 
http://twitpic.com/4fqtf - @simon__diamond Just some cunt who reeeeeally dont wanna het the pig flu  jk its a guy from Hostel - dont w ...
Paintball today 
Ok, I gotta run and finish up some eBay Store Designs and an eBay Marketing Package. Take care Tweeters and don't work too hard today! 
know of a fansite that you think should be part of our Fansite Support program? the go to QFC 103-104-7-58601096 and let us know about it 
I have never once been rejected from the Family wearing these Adidas Tricolor sneakers which i payed $150  Turns out Cloudland does suck!
@phashion_tv We love the  Lavendar Ford Fiesta - the mystery machine 
Pride was awesome I had a lot of fun  I can't wait till next year
@jearle Space Raiders dude, Space Raiders. The cheapest and Tastiest snack known to anyone sane 
Lots of new followers. Pardon me. I am trying to catch up on a Local BarCamp, so my updates are really weird, I know  #bck5
Cinema Tomorrow, watching Hannah Montana  
@remzology True, BarCamps means freedom  #BCK5
@AdamSefton the place on Rosedale rd? Tis v nice and lovely bread from the Blackbird Bakery - rosemary loaf is yum 
An R&amp;B 'classic' done in a Northern Skiffle stylee  ? http://blip.fm/~5h2sl
Hotel for dogs, a very nice movie  http://danniel.ro
new fashion update: SL Free*Style: feeling....fashionable  http://tinyurl.com/dy2myg
@Lady_Twitster Nah - I did them... British Amateur Gymnastics Association. Crab, headstand, etc required! 
OH there is renovations at the popular lot 10 hawker centre! hmmm Pavillion is nearby for a lovely Bite 
loved Vagabond's new songs on thursday 
Bike-a-thon today!   
@BabaMzungu pole my friend...must be the H1N1 flu virus. Karibu nyumbani nonetheless. 
aaah sunday relaxing at the Royal Greenhouses .....; colors flowers smells 
Chillin in the garden in Westend...sweet 
@KateHoeft Fair World Market is on Genesee near IHOP. I picked up a few CDs and Haitian Metal Art 
@Gorillamonk ahhh...i see you are in the public garden!  Walk in the parK?
I have now learnt how to do the Hoedown Throwdown...that shows how awesome i am 
@Almar Games, of course 
@OfficialJagex Mod Ajd will you be there tonight? 
Bought fresh maple syrup at the Union Sq Green Market yesterday, now time to make pancakes to go with it  Choc chip pancakes perhaps?
Colins out in the Garden trying to weed the flower patch  What fun, lol
there r like hot chicks at kaliber then again all they playing r oldskool teeny bopper songs  i am waiting for an S Club 7 Song now lol
Kings of Leon - Revelry...awesome song  ? http://blip.fm/~5h8zu
I'm making new curves now, with Photofiltre Studio 
Spent bday weekend w/ Cindi &amp; assorted peeps (hers, not mine...long, depressing story there). Finally got back to I Bar  &lt;3
It totally just hit me that i met The Cab. 
Recovering From The Penthouse Party Last Nite 
Bloomsday today 
@djgregstreet  you did a great job at the Core Dj Awards last week!!!! 
@K_Bar multiple steps, two different fillings, handmade decor, it was worth it 
is heading to the Rhododendron Festival today 
can anyone actually do the Hoedown Throwdown? Pop it, lock it polka dot iiit 
back in the citay yaya!!  Adventure to Trader Joes 
Limo, nice way to travel..... jsut for those with big wallets i reckon. 
Home! Tired and a bit sun burnt but had a good time  Pub later!
getting ready for the YPN Picnic 
Headin out to the Healing Arts Festival today.  Ozomatli in the house!  Then, off to The Hotel Del for some R&amp;R for a few days.  
Checking out my boyfriend while he changes into his Paintball gear. 
enjoying Casually Hardcore on WoW Radio, Coffee, Daily Grinding and the normal Sunday Ritual. 
While each batch of Fiddleheads gets canned/sealed (every 10 min)... I'm checking out others work... right now, Northernlight Filmworks 
@MeeshLynne...Count in the Global Citizens Plaza. The flags waving in the cold air. Warm water, just perfect for a sneak attack, lol. 
Vamos a Wall-Mart 
@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/4gnlp - I HAVE THOSE SHOES! I love Urban Outfitters, and thought this exact thought when I read that 
@ikovannoy Come to #twachos at The Tavern at Bown Crossing at 6pm 
@b_club Is it too early to congratulate you? Congratulations anyway to the Breakfast Club family!  Party like there's no tomorrow! =D
Driving home from LA- Film Festival, Astro Burger and Amoeba. All in all, a gooood day 
http://twitpic.com/4ikp2 - Garden Stars pic for Sholay, T-Shirt was playing but I wanted to see abs 
watching Hotel for Dogs wiff mommy, grandpa, and the dogs 
Watching Wedding Crashers 
I can totally do the Hoedown Throwdown and it is stuck in my head!!! 
At Elephant Bar with the familiaaa celebratin my 19th Birthdayyyyyy! 
Music Swap with @Jeezejulia 
Really great day today. Picnic at the Riverwalk 
happy I was able to get out of the house today, grocery shopping, World Peace  Gongyo meeting, then Lazy Dog  Cafe  Now doing laundry!
tuned to &quot;Through the Roof 'n' Underground&quot; 
Fashion is so unpredictable 
i like Stomp the Yard... and boys from indiana 
Longboard beer anyone?????? 
@MissCocoaLuv @ShaynaD Sisters, when is the next Divas Lounge? I really enjoyed the last one 
@everystarrfall i work at The Block  aww... yeah... same here. my stomach's been really weird for the past 2-3 weeks o_O pretty bad.
is listening to Cosmic Gate's new album 
@mamafunke I was hoping you guys were selling that low shelf sitting on your floor.. Light wood.. think you said from IKEA 
@VaughanEditor haha nice I just noticed Vaughn Citizen is the Media Sponsors as well 
I like that!  Or Cupcake Palace is Sassi's suggestion!   Or Sunshine &amp; Lollipops Palace? 
@Mashie93 I second that! 
finally it's live...Yes...my first Cafe 
@ Midnight I will soon be in Dreamland and hopefully dream another dream for inspiration in the future!!! Lets think good thoughts now 
Sevi @ shooool. *booooring* ...tomorrow im on set for my new Movie Project. 
@drcdiva  No ,I won't do that , I might post an ad in The Sailing Club for a lonely sailor/With a big boat of course lol 
@nederlass dug the last of them outta my garden tonight.  Herbs, Cukes, Squash, &amp; Tomatoes now planted.
Listening to the commentary track on Holiday Inn. Never thought I'd see Bing Crosby in black face, but the rest of the movie was cute 
Headed up to WMC for the day. Hopefully I'll have enough time to swing by Chinatown on the way home. I'm in the mood for duck! 
9. shopping 10. Latte with my sis 11. Friday- Meets at the FAU 12. Fire- Steet- Party  13. slowmotion in the park 13. partying my bday
Thinking of ways to promote Indie Designers. Benefiting them and moi  Any thoughts? Indies, what you do have to say?
@PaulSweeney  Cloud Croatian Apartments
Plans for today, cleaning, washing clothes &amp; cooking a Pork Dinner! Weather here is bit dull.  Hoorah for Bank Hols though 
@BenFordham Thats Not a Golf Buggy LOL it's a Australia Zoo Buggy The staff use it to get around and give certain patrons a life 
@Atomik re: the job ... still waiting my friend. Thanks for asking  * I just need a little ... ;) * ? http://blip.fm/~5jehr
The Skimchamp Taxi Service!  best in the land!
@Jacs_Will_Rule don't tweet, just eat! 
im home!  videoke at Funtime.. yey! got loads of tickets! nyahahaha!
And in the Animal Action Area... Ferret Racing 
In a rush....   Lunchtime anyway 
@rumoko Tracky Daks are one of the only good things about the weather getting colder. That and porridge. I just did both 
Flickr pics Chester Zoo: danwtmoon posted a photo:   &quot;WELCOME&quot; to Chester Zoo by Jockey  http://tinyurl.com/cq7qw8
Off to bed I go to dream of a world where Wal-Mart and Liquor stores all get blown up 
@keino sao b?o l?c th? em ;;) m?i xem xong Hostel h? 
new super power camping place -&gt; 24 hr MAC @ Springleaf Tower  ...still eating my fries.
yeah! I'm going to Makati Cinema Square with my dad later. haha! 
Ride bmx on the beach in Burgas, after careoke night 
Room is clean, now it's time for breakfast 
@jameswilliams90 If you ever need some help with the Podcasters Emporium, let me know 
&quot;Brides a la mode&quot; pow wow first thing this morning   This past weekend's lovely wedding fresh in my mind... pics soon!
,.. oh the Mint Lounge ...AWESOME night 
indian or the cowboy? actually considering going to the carnival 
On way to Birmingham.. Sewing in the van. Punk. 
I just went to Metro Diner for the first time. It was awesome. 
@deberito Beto's Pizzeria is on Banksville Rd in I believe the Beachview area... Sorry to answer like 100 years later 
@C64Takeaway that is a great remix of it. Double Wow! 
Staff meeting today with JoeMo...it just won't be the same! Travel safely @joemoore10...we'll see you tomorrow! 
the new T-Mobile advert in Trafalger Square looks like a lot of fun  Except if there was a load of pigeons there too.
@EllenMalloy thanks for trying   I was hoping Bud Trillin, but the Fest would be honored by any of the guests with whom you hobnobbed.
Mode: Home Office 
@AlexWilliamson yeah i know hun, spammers seem to move fast though, already had two in first few minutes of posting.  Block 'em 
Old enough to know better, young enough to not CARE! 
@bonobo_fr Yes I saw the Village but the restaurant in the Village Square has a sign above it that reads &quot;Digestif.&quot; 
@IvoryValentine have you seen &quot;The Fifth Element&quot;? makes &quot;super green&quot; a lot funnier 
needs shows before wednesay!!! oh well... come one come all... Irvine Improv live @ Gotham Showcase 8pm  lots of good comics...then me.
@erik_rubadeau Last weekend I had a pretty solid brunch at Bar Wellington. Hard to screw up steak and eggs, though 
http://twitpic.com/4w67k - Camping at black butte lake 
I tripped over a rubbish bin at Warehouse Stationary just before. Not a great Mothers' Day so far, but I'm thinking it will improve 
I learned the Hoedown Throwdown! 
listening to @hardqueen after last nights Up from the Underground screening, awesome job @latapia 
This is my new College project, i just wanted to share it  Hey Mr Bartender - College Project http://bit.ly/Ba3Nf
Watching Groove the movie with @mikecase my hubby! 
my favourite song tonight is cheer it on by Tokyo Police Club 
Dinner=Buffalo burger with provolone cheese melted on top with beefsteak tomatoes and spinach. Divine. Pic on facebook to come. 
Steel Magnolias gets me every time.. SNIFF... LOL!!! V and B make my days and nights brighter too 
@iamglennie how fun!  Invite her to the hhs group 
@TerrenceJ106 i wanna join the twit Club...... 
@wordcharmer FUZE was giving away capes at Komen's Race for the Cure today! And I'd always love a hug from you hun! 
having Bigi &amp; Tokyo Fashion Spree tmr  Check out SIH web ^____^
@clighty Invite them to your house instead 
Campfire and smores 
@officialTila Fashion show?? What was this I heard about dating a tweeter? Trying to catch up.. but soo much going on.. 
Filming at a carnival for my music video... It reminds me of the Cherry Festival that I used to go to back home... Ahhh memories... 
Limo Rides into the City for Dinner, Cruises on the Harbour, Makeovers &amp; Foot/Back Massages *yay* .. hope the fellas can get some of that 
I have a crush on this guy at my job, name is tyler and his eyes are blue and very mesmerizing and he is too cool. Nite 
@SevFletcher exercise is what u make of it. Walk, run, bike, blade, skate, surf, JUST DO IT  feels gooooooood
Funtime was not a lot of fun!! But finally done with it 
Is thinking about enrolling at the School of Fashion and  Arts (SoFA) or Style Studio in Makati. Kikayness eto! 
eeehhh. my right eye's twitching. gonna go and watch Boystown. @camerontdf happy birthday! 
yum - mother's day lunch at The Food Business in Burnside was delicious! such a gorgeous day 
Ah, lets start working! Livingroom here I come 
#SanctuarySunday @Fredto it's our mission to make #Sanctuary a trending topic for the day, lots of people on board for it...join in 
@kondziu I was certain which show you were talking about by the letter g in &quot;Camera Cafe: a misog..&quot; I think that answers your question 
@V_KONG Record Grand Prix to skip through later, watch Man U game, Radio 1 .... well sport comes first 
#SanctuarySunday awesome news about the Leo Awards for Sanctuary, looks like they got 4 out of the 10 they were nomintated for, not bad! 
ok all, bedtime for this bonzo! i just got done with my math homework and my brain is done for the day. Nite nite  have a great day!
@Elliot79 I don't think I can bear such cuteness this early in the day! Kudos to Fair Empress 
Hoedown throwdown- all I can say is... I'm getting there! 
Seeing 'Love at the Club' actually made me 
Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  http://rly.cc/JNFwN
Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  http://tinyurl.com/dx8as4
@RajaSen Sports Bar Shatranjanpoli Rest Ph 26498457 All Sports Bar Andheri W 26733333 Dont know whether that helps. Google ki jai ho 
@musicalmover Aah yes, Camps bay, the place of black diamonds and awesome cars.... You feel cheap in a BMW 
http://twitpic.com/4wvwh My new Surly LHT looking lovely outside the Kinlochbervie Hotel 
watching the real #masterchef on Lifestyle Food, no sob stories, just lots of cooking and excellent backing tunes 
@panacea81 just ordered Vintage Glams, can't wait to get them!  
http://twitpic.com/4wwpc - Just reading my Wiggle Program 
Sitting on my table. Club worthy -  http://is.gd/ytJo. 
@Fryguy79 Ahhh good.You have passed the Classics Convention test!  
happy KOF is headlining Hub   
@uzblogger this hospitality is giving big Palov for visitors in Uzbegim Restaurant in Dubai 
@stephmcintosh awesome casualty last night, just watched it this morning on iplayer...Guest appearance from the girl from shameless too! 
@NYCityMama It really is! We went to The Boathouse last mothers day, the food is exceptional there as well as the view 
off to the Recording Studio tomoro 
With the kiddies at Uptown, feels like it's going to be an awesome day  happy mother's day momma!!
bit of Gym Class Heroes... yay 
@ChristyCreme thanks!   I could use a jug of that Kool Aid about now! I'm dying out here!
yay, i have a new roommate  @some_devil41 and i can finally have our Panda Palace 
Fair Bean Coffee = top notch custormer service + they know my name 
It's so nice outside!! What should I do? I'm thinking H&amp;M and Urban Outfitters. 
stuff packed! back to the airport with destination: IBIZA!  YIHAAAAA Blue Marlin,Jockey Club,Pacha Restaurant,Ocean Drive Hotel: BE READY!
@ren_dy we were supposd to have dinner at Gabby's too but the place was packed! didto nalang mi sa Royal Suites Inn ni end up 
@mydeco_Jo  hello. I see a lot about Grand Designs on your feed. Sound exciting! I LOVE Grand Designs!
@ Alkaline Trio concert. They sound really good!  http://twitpic.com/4yigs
Organic kettle corn, Pride and Prejudice (1995), and a glass of wine. This is a good night. 
is organizing a team to join the Best Aid Station Contest  http://plurk.com/p/t05ll
@BWalker25 It was a blast!  Next time, we need to make it TWO bottles of Patron! 
New comfy dope clothes... Chocolate... Wine...&amp; Coffee 
@Jams727 indeed it is 
@minasmusings Night Nite 
@davidbeking my family is still there. Tweetup soon 
APM Models &amp; Major Models partner up to work the Men board for Fit, Showroom and Runway division and guess who is working it  great news!!
Everyone follow @RetroRewind Impromptu NKOTB Block Party right now 
just bought Global Dance Festival and Electric Daisy Carnival tickets! see you there 
@h0ney1x oh you would have died laughing  Prides coming! :-D
If you're in Phx..gotta check out Page the Village Idiot @ Hollywood Alley on Mondays..funny ass shit! 
Music night tomorrow, amazing talent out there that keeps coming back to #gatherwinebar I do love Tuesdays  - new Derby Cab debuts as well
Nite tweeps eyes hurtin that means time 4 bed b bac 2mrrw XOXO 
The little things really make me happy. Reminiscing some really REALLY good times back in the day. Some of you were there too! 
Yard = Raked. Flowers &amp; Rhubarb = Planted. Garden = Tilled. Rain = Labor-free Watering  Tomorrow = Plant Vegetables?
@vinography That almost makes me want to renew my subscription to Wine Advocate (which I won't).  
@LaChampita : Block the spam-bot silly 
Had a hilarious beer dinner at Harbor Pub with Lancifer. Mad shit talking. We drank Pyramid Hefe on tap @SuperCW  I'm impared at taco bell
@Dpatttz if u need more ice or motrin, or help goin potty, just...wake yr bro haha! Nite clumsy child o'mine 
@goofylilmuslim lol i need to get drunk. all i need is a bottle of Patron and im happy 
@chaculvin We hope you join us next year at Funk Fest 
@SweetTee77 We hope that you enjoyed Funk Fest- hope you join us next year                         Entertainment Coordinator
Ooooh 2 for 1 drinks in Bar Soho from 8 - 10 http://www.barsoho.co.uk/voucher/d9a423b9d59fea4464addccf340dc7e0ca77d945 
@daygan haha Spot Cafe is a really nice place. 
@TurnbullMalcolm: 'off to the Chamber.' ....of Secrets? 
LIWF was brimming yesterday! Hope those of you who attended the Chenin Masterclass learnt a little something  Absolutely knackered!
@warrenduff If you want to know what it's like to be a 80 Year Old with incontinence, try heated seats 
just heard that Redstar - Awakening (Syna Remix) is coming out soon! 
@Serendipi Gig tonight and tomorrow night, so I expect to be asleep all weekend! Thankfully only one more week til half term 
Audience at @youngvictheatre was saying last night Pictures From An Exhibiton is a completely amazing show 
Also ready for some rockin' - Crime Club rehersal comin' up 2nite 
@Robintheoffice we did indeed see the BRB last night. The Dance House was our favourite, even though you've gotta love Elite Syncopations 
@lovellrugby Posters of the Lions 
Fairly excited for Den Haan on Saturday @ Stereo. Finishing off the free mix CD tonight then my work is done. DJs don't have to reherse. 
Oh -- here's the Market Special .. almost forgot   http://bit.ly/oHfjZ
you know you're an addict when the camera guy at Ritz knows you by name 
@SectionUT  Animal Crossing is how I spent my evening. On gamecube though - I'm outdated, but I actually love gamecube 
Gala is working on his flatwork, we know he can jump. never ridden dressage but he will side pass at the trot. guess i figured it out! 
Aw. People in work surprised me today with cake and card and pressie (voucher for O'Briens Wine) for my birthday (which was yesterday). 
It's tree-planting day in Union Square. 
It's too early to be articulate and dressed...therefore, I am at the Indie Breakfast in my pj's. 
I'm excited for the Symphonics Live show tonight at the Bowery Poetry Club!   hopefully the rain will hold off
@lilyroseallen  try looking up Safari Gear  probably need binoculars,  boots, a pack to put water or food in there, vest, shorts etc
Waiting to get into the #WFX Keynote this morning. Can't wait to get into the Expo Hall later 
Feeling Skateboarding... But i Don't Know How... LOL 
I got my first phone call from my ad!  But they were looking for Boudoir and I don't do that...well not yet.  Just babies,families,pets 
Swimming in a bit, maybe much with @Pamalami? Kickboxing 2night! Work work 2mrw &amp; Santa Barbara on Saturday for Luda concert! Can't wait 
Playing Guitar Hero: World Tour with @eireannoir 
@smackthis Brownstone baby! 
Euchre is done, going to bed 
Recovering from 3 nights of Karaoke gigs and chillaxin on a sunday arvo 
@Sirthinks lol. Fair enough. 
@JacobDrake If you look at the 90's Challenge thing, we're &quot;Beck: Mongolian Chop Squad&quot;. 
Keg loves to take naps  I guess he is still a baby!!  http://twitpic.com/5c9we
Going to see Hedwig and the Angry Inch at University Mall with @jittrbugg, @kcfan08, @mersaytaz and Alex! Midnight, 5 bucks 
Watching the best Gilmore Girls episode--&gt; they're making fun of Final Destination. Ab Fab!! 
Belle Banquet was so fun!!! I love my girls 
@Thariamon Nite 
@100432 You know me, not really a Pride Fest kinda guy 
@seoWebMaster y'know, I think you're the first person to call Market Samurai &quot;empowering&quot;. Thanks for the great compliment! 
#3hotwords Double-Double Animal Style 
Josh Gracin is the man! The Hoedown was great and I'm stoked for day 3 tomorrow!  Pancake breakfast at the Fire Hall in the morning!
NapaVino was announced at Tiburon Wine Festival no I have 10 new wineries to market 
Boystown  haha
http://twitpic.com/5cl7j - Sharing this pic with the Specialty Team Managers taken last May 15th @ Circles Shangri-La Makati. 
Seriously its 3am and I am watching Wine Country.   &lt;3
Carnival was great. Long day. Then watched movies at my friend's  hopefully I have as much fun at the carnival tomorrow 
&quot;Tonight I will be miss Saigon&quot; from the broadway and west end musicalhit miss Saigon. 
@JulzM phone a friend. Invite yourself around 
I was watching Boystown.  ) :X
http://twitpic.com/5co23 - Tattoos and patterns abso fucking lutely work together 
@cassplus8 Congrats hun!!!! i'm so glad you have your longed for little girl in your arms  Is ok if i tell the Den?
@johanbryuneel @lancearmstrong Watch out for the 'Ferrari Red' Dinner and the City &amp; Beach Home Lifestyle Award 2009 events! 
Watched Pride and Predjudice today 
@Leedsgrub My favourite independent sandwich yummies are The Sandwich Shop by The Faversham and The Smoothie Company near the Art college 
Going to HTB Church this morning, then me thinks Gym then music stuff. Cousin currently over and went on London Eye with Char yesterday 
Good day today  Gym.. Mall... Padre GAme... Chilled... It just doesnt get any better 
Last night went out to photograph Jazz with &quot;Gadjo Calom&quot;. Terrific band and had a great time. Today: still tired! 
Old School Electronics - Created a parallel Bell Circuit for multiple Bells at one switch!  Got new Bells chirping at home!
Is goin upto Vertigo Bar on top of The Banyon tree in Bangkok for cocktails.. 
neues Foto online! Diesmal ein Cocktail  http://bit.ly/1aKoKU  #mediencrew #fotografie #cocktail
On the train to CPH and #gr8conf after a few mostly offline days in Stockholm. Train ride dedicated to writing my first ever Groovy. 
Playing some scary games! I can't wait to play Hotel 626, even though I'm petrified 
@JaneyThunders ...Cafe Nero have better coffee by far! Not that I'm a snob or anything! 
I stopped playing Pet Society. Bumilis na uleht ung comp  http://plurk.com/p/uc3n4
@RoosaMimm http://twitpic.com/5cu83 - You know you look like Strify from Cinema Bizarre 
This is how you take a Barcamp and make it into a movie trailer  http://vimeo.com/3142717
Today; Hair Saloon, Make my hair done, HOMEWORKS :| and Party for Sarah's birthday 
Good beef, cooked to perfection of course, modesty rules  Got to go to see Lion, Witch &amp; Wardrobe in Park Street this p.m. Local Am Drams
Rain fits todays mood.  In a little bit, I'm going to upload some pics to FB from the Grand Ole Opry REBA concert I went to last weekend 
Dinner: Rodic's tapsilog and pickled ampalaya from Lucban. Comfort food.  http://plurk.com/p/ucjsz
Watching The Adventures of Mimi Tour! 
What's the yummiest in the Selecta Gold Series?  (Is there even such a word as yummiest?!!?) \/
@TheDailyBlonde I love Banana Republic-their perfume, Classic, is one of my faves-thanks for the link.  
Pub crawl was a success - yay drinking for charity! 
at the St. Mary's Walk for Kids 
Rest Relax....Fire, Guitars later  
Extreme Makeover: Bass Edition 
heading into Toronto in a bit,...  going to the Olde Spaghetti Factory for dinner.  mmmmmmmmmmmm.
Is having a good afternoon with his friends alexisonfire, @riseagainst, RJA, Pearl Jam and Open Hand while drawing on a tablet  tea?
The Pet Shop Boys rock 
Obsession of the day: Metro Station and Stereo Skyline!   
rhe next day wondering how the hell everyone got your cellphone number. Trust me on this one.  Party like a Westie or in your case Eastie 
Pool Party - The Aquabats 
at Fresh Purls in Providence, just got food and much needed coffee from a wonderful bakery down the street 
Tweeting from the AnimeNEXT meeting... Things went well.  
Danforth Inn is now officially well over the redesign budget.  But I am thinking it is worth it...  
#fixreply @Tara72 yep just drove down for sunrise breakfast at Cafe du Monde and a stroll around the Quarter and back in time for lunch 
Looking up times and prices for rides on the FP Mini-Train and movies at the Omni IMAX Theater. Today should be fun 
It's been an amazing anniversary weekend... will post pics later from Reunion Tower @ Wolfgang Puck's restaurant 
On Frosty waiting for Tooly228 in the Gift Shop! Join the partay 
is at Vineyard Extreme church where Ramon is the Senior Pastor! Crazy! 
Weeee Animal Collective 
@sepiaverse Fair enough.  This thread's just given me a nice idea..  It will be in cold storage till I can make it happen, but I will!  
Hubby is off to his second home  The Home Depot ... I stayed home I am not into Home Depot as he is well just to buy the pretty stuff. 
Paid to pick-up Pita Inn for RNs 
Planting Lilac trees at my bosses- Bartering for a round of golf at the Country Club 
Going to watch Paradise Hotel Episode 1...again. 
Chillin central-style,,, the Pawn Shop had such a blast this weekend in Greenville and Nashville. Ahh... Summer-time 
@shemah Nite Shem! 
@DowntownRob @frankbarajas  Cafe 222 is better. 
@knittingnews well, no tarp at the Yarn Swap, so just got wet &amp; wind-whipped  - but met good people, make exc contacts, got lots of wool 
@treacherousd haha good! Pride and the predjuce  while your up make me some bacon.. And then bring me it ha
CiscoPress: Contest over..thanks to all submissions!  - http://tinyurl.com/psw9vb
@freddurst Grand Palace hotel  I know where ya stayin'
Storyplanet is working out of Tea Lounge, Brooklyn this cloudy Sunday. A quick count of glowing logos shows: 3 pcs &amp; 31 macs 
@introspectre HURHURHUR (I get how to use this now.I'll try HAICAZ sometime) But think, in 3 weeks,you can make a Den and go to the beach 
@photojunkie Dolce near the Mod Club is open - that's where I picked some up from. Definitely hit the spot. 
Broken Social Scene's going to do a free show @ Harborfront on July 11, after the Molson Indy! SQEEEEEEE!!!!!! 
Runner Runner  Warped Tour just got so much better.
had a good morning, off to @Bookmans with @RopeBunny. gonna do some reading while shes in class 
Tattoo inquiry  excited.
had a lovely morning at church, but the rain knocked out Biltmore Estate.  Nap instead!  
Pint of Landlord, veggie roast on the way, star trek later.  
Taste of Wheaton could only be better if there were drag queens &amp; a beer garden!  good food, cheap fun! music nice backdrop!
JUST LEFT our Hotel  . . . now boutta get dat mexican fOod he been wanting lol
Daazo is kindly supporting the Short Film Corner in Cannes. 
Checking out pics from a Yoga Army Magazine Photoshoot   Hott!  Wow cant wait 2 get magazine!
@jkimlosangeles So far it's hip hop, pumping gas and driving through the hood a la Grand Theft Auto.  Wheee
@desboobs good choice for your theme song  I'm over here Jammin
@chrisbrogan Need a tour assistant?  Travel safe! 
worrying about the next couple of weeks..... and playing Animal Crossing on my D.S 
Senior too crackin; Hotel too crackin; On my way to Santa cruz!! 
iBlock Icon Club has just reached a total of 100 active members!! join iBlock today!! http://bit.ly/HUhQ6 &amp; submit your icons!! 
@GoDjGetryt When are you gonna send me and @CrysPSHouston the pics from the ZaZa shoot?! 
Left SFO. Bring me back something from my favorite Dept. Store Bergdorf Goodman's in 5th Avenue. Bye sister 
Bike ride to the winery 
@illaphilla Holiday Inn Express in Old Town San Diego   It might help that we're staying monday to friday and then crashing eslewhere lol
enjoyed the Andersonville Wine Walk. What a great cause. 
Enchanted Carols: Christmas Music on Bells, Barrel Organs and Music Boxes - eMusic.com http://bit.ly/6Wm1Y  Real good Xmas kitsch 
@caroldn I actually slept through some.  I'm a deep sleeper    As a kid, I slept through a kitchen fire. Firemen and all and I miss it.
is going to bed now..  Nite.
PM #23149 (Italian Princess) said: Nite Nite   http://PaidModels.com/23149
@abc7 at the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra concert at Royce Hall. Little delay, but no damage. 
The Utica's Ice Cream Festival craftshow is this weekened  come and see my booth! http://www.uticaoldfashionedicecreamfestival.com/ #fb
watching Shanghi Knights with the hubby.  HE made dinner. it was awesome! 
Nite twiggaz....up brite n early 4 a run 
it was tight man, getting a COCHUSA group together to open up for Tye at the National, ur on the list of people to sing in the Group 
At the Village Idiot with the whole Bell family after the Groundling Sunday Co show. Gooooood times. 
Sharkeez with friends. This is wayyy fun  I love being 21 and living downtown!!!
@auroraawakes I went to the SD Archery Meetup at Morley Field so much fun! i highly recommend  http://twurl.nl/a64esh
Paper Niche: May Kit - Garden Whimsy  http://bit.ly/MG5aN
@debaoki Yup, I hear ya. I don't know if I could afford to shop at the Ferry Bldg every day either. It's a nice treat.  
@kathyIreland One tip I've learned from my Office Depot work 95% of people will be with u, 3% are corporate wannabes &amp; 2% called Jerry 
@batikwalla Yes, you definitely need some heels for the Country Fair 
Religious pilgrimage in the morning. Nite nite 
Nite nite twitter doves..I'm goin 2 sleepy-bye land..see ya ther 
happy to get back from Hols to find our Hit Music Station NUMBER ONE FM again!! Check out www.fox.com.au - makes my job easier! 
@iaj Windering whether the Real-Estate Market will also go to peak like this..     8-)
I love Scream by Tokio Hotel 
@danmatutina woohoo Preloved! don't forget to send us a preloved box 
@liaalu Hey whatsup Certified Restaurant City Addict? 
If you like me, love reggae, ska etc. you should listen to this girl from Reunion  http://bit.ly/p6guT - 2:59 into the video 
Meeting up an old friend and I told him to reach Cafe Morrison.. he says he'll look for it in google maps! pardesi ppl 
Putting together our team for the MCV / Xbox 360 Industry Pub Quiz on Thursday night @ the Sway Bar in Holborn. Like I said, busy week 
Just got back from Numen's Bonfire.  I was going to stay up all night, but I think I may just need to pass out! we will see! 
@hauntedcrew And I'm thinking of rewatching Pride 
@celsbels Aha, can I ride your Office Bike? 
Got my &quot;Stimulas Check&quot;, Shopping tomorrow!  @ &quot;Ragstock&quot;, &quot;Marshall's&quot;, &quot;The House&quot; (Snowboards), &quot;Uprise&quot; (Chicago Skateshop) 
I'll be buying 4 Shirts, 4 Shorts, a pair of &quot;Spy&quot; *Mode* Sunglasses, &amp; a Skate Backpack!  
Also, I need to buy some plants to keep my Apartment's Air Clean!  So, an Aloe Plant, a Bonsai Tree, &amp; a Cactus (@ Gethsemane Gardens)!  
Freewebarcade.com. Nostalgia for some, history lesson for others.  (always fun though).http://is.gd/AW6S
Morning All, rain again! Car scrappage scheme launches today sod that they should give you the money towards an Ark instead  x
@MFbrian Thanks. I took a pic of my own in that Parking lot on Fig yesterday on way to Staples Center .  MANNYWOOD!!
Revising for maths that starts in about 3 hours  Cadburys Hazelnut Brunch Bar 
@alittlebit morning, what's the weather like in your neck of the woods? i'm not hungry, had a great breakfast at the Radisson 
Off to Rotary lunch meeting see U soon 
@philipwang On stage with Epik High? Pure awesomeness. 
Going to Ski Dubai tomorrow, snooowwwww! Anyone wants me to bring home some? 
If a fan of or curious about improvised comedy come see me do it with The Dublin Comedy Improv tonite @ 9 in The International Bar 
Listening to Classic FM which is making me very happy indeed 
@GlobalPilot Global Hug Tour?  Sounds very cool!  How can I help? 
Hitting up the whole foods Market health conference 
NEW staark video of &quot;Sweet Release&quot; live at Wick Studios!  http://staark.net/video.php ... we'll probably edit it a bit soon tho
@Lifestyle_gifts oooh choc orange toffee tart! that sounds divine 
@mattmagic Yes - Hifi is full sus 29er. I don't really understand them either, which is why I'm curious 
@adnans I found his appearance a bit underwhelming though. Old little freggle. 
@wyelin That sounds oh-so tempting  Connection back yet?
@SanderVanDoorn can`t wait to Sunrise Festival in Poland this summer, we all are excited here about your set!get back to health 
I'm so dirty tday   can't wait for fiesta 
@stickypop  | Wish I was eating dinner whilst watching Dragons Den rather than revising for the maths exam 
@CommunispaceCEO Jewellery designer and computer games designer, in my case... 
@drwarwick beautiful pic of ur daughter in Bodhi Field. 
Oh, dear memories. sometimes i wanna kill you. But i couldn`t. watching Old home tapes 
#musicmonday The Cab - Risky Business...I love The Cab...Not even my mum's crazy half-drunk ass-loud friends can't ruin them for me! 
Just had my sociology exam, I think it went well, but who knows  I'm now chilling and watching Project Runway! Yay 
I am also entering the spanish hotel market with Almeria-Hotel.com, Estepona-Hotel.com, Arrecife-Hotel.com and Maspalomas-Hotel.com 
On my way to school... Just heard the Y-100 Phone Tap lololol  I love Elvis Duran &amp; The Morning Zoo
Just got home, but have to organise myself for Prog Fest Brisbane now. 
Going to Louisville for our VIPS Golf Outing! Golf cart, beer, sun, and good company make for a great day! 
Rib better, man flu kicking in  Planning today - needs to be an off-line job - so disconnecting from internet in 5..4..3..
@kewiki @musiccityace Think we should open &quot;Cafe Latte ALANA&quot; that way when we are in the 'not awake fog'; we can have a latte/*green tea 
@ostemb0r iat the very top on N4G 
Con Film Festival @http://bit.ly/L475N  followed by &quot;Mingus Mondays&quot;@http://www.jazzstandard.net      
@LiveArtliFe  I don't know about happy...LOL...I'm spending my morning catching up the Shoppe's books...grrrrrrr! 
Travel Blog:Old Biscuit Mill Neighbourgoods Market (I know, better late than never tho right?) photos by my son  http://tinyurl.com/p7mx4e
@abigaill whoop whoop for the life saving Uncles in this World haha,  good luck with that 
@oopsified as long as you googled &quot;Laurel Papworth Social Network Goddess&quot; and not &quot;SilkCharm Fashion and Scarves&quot; 
@cicadastudio @skinnylaminx Funny  I got a bag of beautiful plate pieces from the Book Lounge this weekend!
@broombroom_live   if I'd bought a roller I'd want a Quintessentially rep sitting at a desk in my office ;)
Watching Figh Club 
@mneylon Indulging is one word  Live steam seems too complicated - getting to grips with DCC is fun tho 
@Sweetwaters goooood morning 
Shins! Delta Spirit! Terminal 5! Tonight! (I will now do my happy dance   #musicmonday ? http://blip.fm/~6iwsl
enjoy your read through @sj32! can @melkins join you? She has never been to the Drama Village, can you organise for her? 
Aftwr Bingo we went to the store to get all the food I needed for my daughters lil &quot;kick back&quot; with her &amp; her friends 
now to exercise - we're tracked out - got sidelined by my 7yo for a few games on Club Penguin first 
@adjonesjr the cool one of course!!! Walk..crawl...and jump!!! 
Yard work just ahead; thankful for this morning sunshine 
is watching the Wedding Planner and cleaning with the window open, because it is an awesome day outside 
@asynja Flickr won't let me comment today - Strongbow came from Eclipse in the Moonrise Hotel. 
Crusin' is ova for dem!!!  
Had a Krystal commercial audition moved to tomorrow, so I've got the day off.  Gym, Yoga, Library this morning. 
Booking Hotel For Tha Weekend,..!  Yaaaaaay,.. ?
@Justinleecollin at least you wont have to shave off your beard when you do the Ballroom dancing thing, not like when you were a clown 
@lheybella Uy! Sarap naman niyan. Sightseeing at Frisco. Weather's gonna be lovely, I hope. Pikshur pikshur! 
@brandonekidd hehe... I am looking into Ruby and Rails Programming thanks to Tampa Day of Ruby this past weekend 
Starting My day.... Spa  Bank, Doc (taking advice @theasiangoddess)
Our new geocache - GC1REZ8 / Watertower - is now public and was found very shortly after being published 
watching Fawlty Towers... love it 
@tygudda I hear ya, always do u sweetie no worries cause I definitely does me. Gym time all day boo. Drink some good coffee too. 
just like a Tattoo 
@JonLanderos  Biking it from the station to work? 
#Hubble EVA-5: NasaTV beautiful images are worth for Festival de Cannes and win the palm  
@bastholm I'd say less by the amount of e-mails Cannes Lions has sent out about entering 
Hey All, Zero's Club room opens officially tonight.....it's gonna be awsome.....hope to see you there 
@ayoslang There's a class tmrw, I can DM you the venue/directions  Have you been to the Podium Mall yet? There's a demo roda there tom!
@BuySellDomains Thanks  and TGIF !
@Norri I stay 1 km from Hub 
two thumbs up for @samantharonson for visiting places like luneta park and checkin out JoseRizal Shrine! 
World Village Festival is starting tomorrow. Can't wait! 
Old man in library said, 'my library card is the second best card I own after my licence. I couldn't do without it' 
Breakfast, Training, Chillen, Party with friends 
Killing Floor should make it go away 
@tinyvamp too many friends going away, stress from fam\school, sickness.. Etc. I'll manage.  thanks I appreciate it a lot though D
Wherever you want to go on holiday Travel Junky will, &quot;take you there&quot;  http://www.traveljunky.com   ? http://blip.fm/~6sue5
Today: Universal Studios, City Walk, Rodeo Drive &amp; Hollywood. Fantastic day.  More details &amp; w/e tomorrow.
Karaoke = amazing!  Only makes me wanna be a rock star that much more. *sigh*
hey @volunteeringwa get that wine ready I am on my way TGIF 
@stevewazz - You go to the Dive Bar wayy to much 
@Lifestyle_gifts thanks very much! 
@ConnectGirlz Tomorrow. Fiesta Village. And we're leaving like @ 12!!! 
Finaaaally home.. Doen my cheat sheet for my Health Final then we outs to Ripon!!!  Nightchaaall!
Going to Tropical World today 
@Fraands  .... Halloo sheeps.. Hows the flock celebrating #TGIF? @keeda thanks for #followfriday 
Nite all!  sweet dreams...
My uncle is the best haha  Turns out he was a builder at The Plaza in EK back in 1972...small world.
Square cups on odd nights and round cups on even night. Other than that I can't tell the date.  One day I'll know what I'm doing, maybe?  
@maelenna @wholikesmonkeys you guys are going pubcrawling? dont spose youll be coming by the Parade around 10...? 
Going to The Talent Farm today 
Ghostride the Whip by Family Force 5 is playing &lt;3 plus tweeting #shaundiviney #andyclemmensen #bradiewebb and eating hotdogs! 
... and most probably end with the Broadcite crew, @younglee2 and @therealdomu at Bedroom Bar this Sunday. Check it http://bit.ly/RH8CA.  
@fleecc Wow, looks like your office has turn into an Entertainment place... haha..i heard you guys move to new office..next to Xybase.. 
Pub golf was very very messy. Home for the weekend shortly, taking my mister and seeing my mabel  &quot;she doesnt show aircrash investigation&quot;
Oktoberfest in TYO: http://bit.ly/hLiox  I think we will go there! And if it is good, not only on time 
Just done the M&amp;S 1p Bazaar followed by my free coffee at Debenhams. Martin Lewsi would be so proud 
Dji Sam Soe Urban Jazz Crossover tonight @Ritz Carlton PP 
Lipstick Jungle Bar Tour later tonight @ Circa!  Its open to all!
@prayagn  even worse than Old Engine Oil? i can barely imagine.
I really think it ought to be illegal to be inside on a day like today. hope the weather holds for the long weekend. Garden, book, bikini 
@NOTCOT does this mean you bought some of the Club Monaco Aviators? 
@ahblessgirl  yup shock horror.. now playing Live at Earls Court!! hee hee.... the power of advertising 
#followfriday  HappyForTheeze Helpers  @RobertUmpleby @KikiValdes @lyndons
Later: Grand Opening of Club Lax near Mall of Asia. See you there! 
Urban Jass cross over in jakarta!!!! Tonight 8pm at Ritz Carlton Pacific Place.. See ya there 
Who would of thought!  Nite*
Saw this at sign board of a Marriage Hall : &quot;Luxurious Room for Bride and *Broom* &quot;      Must be for Harry Potter ;-)
At Tandoori Garden with @capccum 
@clairelc Multi-Coloured Swap Shop? 
@FlashDenNet LOL TGIF is not true for freelancers 
Renegading this am! Missed the elusive one but Hyde shopping is fantastic. Recommend the Rendevous cafe! 
Day two. Shops for BBQ.  Wood for next man-project. Dave asked for a pug this morning. The boss said no. Idle hands are doing the devils 
Going out to Hectors Discotheque tonight, can't wait haven't been out in ages 
Yahooo! ma fren jus called up.. We are going to Mysore tonight..! Loong rides and loud songs and loads of FUN! Weekend here I come! 
Welcome to the final day of Dave and Carole's Miracle Marathon for Children's Hopital.  Donate at wklh.com or call 414-337-WKLH (9554) 
Who is up for beers at Leidseplein 2nite?  Thesis-free hours here I come!!
@heg you should see my new mug: Save the world - drink more tea, make more love http://www.twitpic.com/2yurl Tea tocks! 
So like I'm beyond confused on how I should do my hair for my Senior Ball tomorrow. Weave is not an option! Unless it's a ponytail  LOL
goodmorning  TGIF! I can't wait till tonight  @amandathorpee @christinaab
Today's facts: Swine flu's in the Philippines and I got seasons 1-3 of Skins. Marathon, yeah? 
@ASOS you missed out the JerseyLive Festival from the festival guide on your website! its the best, and also my home lol  
just got home from YFC Mendez Batch 6 Camp! 
MCM Expo people beware - I have just been sent my MILF Magnet comps...  On way to London now, see some of you tonight!
Hoedown Throwdown, now off to get an education 
#feedly Tracking Moods on Twitter with a Physical Carousel Display http://bit.ly/5lCxX - this makes me 
I like Techno!!! 
@MAC_and_singing Enjoy your Style Warrior haul! 
Finlandia Club is the best club in Zakopane!I had an amazing night. Can't wait to repeat it on the dancefloor with mirrors once again 
Studio work all handed in 
@adalinelau @dda must have been suggestions for the Disco Bowlers. 
@kricket_rc234 Yay! Reunion! haha!!  are our tweets boring? wahaha
@fuertesknight we're Fair trade divas, keeping all sorts of farmers in the business-hops, tobacco, sugarcane, hemp etc etc good galdem 
http://twitpic.com/5oocq - Eating Hello Kitty snacks on the way to London Expo 
@nahgoe Fair enough, you'remore than welcome to attend. As are your co-workers 
I am going to Decibel Outdoor Festival  August 15th
Getting ready for tha strippers will be at Bar 20 tonight, cum drinkl wit mee 
- Listening to Metro Station Shake it remix...quite good 
Lmfao! Pirate! Mannn tpdays going slow. Cinema tonight though  http://twitpic.com/5ooxs
@djo1 Novena is the place to be!  Ahoy, neighbour!
Paintball 
On the way 2 work!  TGIF!  3 day weekend here I come. 
@GeoffLloyd I prefer Lund - it seemed enitely populated by attractive young students  Could you not present Bingo Lotto?
ahhhh its gonna be fiyah at my bday celebrations tomorrow night, sunday night and cool down at Carnival on monday!  what a weekend ahead!
Singing Abba Singstar on Play Station with my friend Victoria  &lt;3
I want to buy Levi's shirt! Can?  Window shopping at Gurney Plaza and is looking for food for dinner.
Gone to set up Cheer Expo Montreal! 
will be drinkin' GMS with his former co-DJs...  (heard 'The Bar' was notorious? watchu think?)
@mrs_bopp Welcome Mrs Bopp to Cafe PaddyAnglican - following the meeting through vrious tweets/vids and pics - sorry to miss you all  
@BlokesLib: &quot;Inn mmelbbourne. Ttrying to ttweeeet on bbumppy bus&quot; ===&gt;Lol!!  (via @ParisianChic)-twas difficult 
At Infusion Tea getting ready for bike to work day. Yes, I work from home but still ... It's a good cause. 
Schedule for this morning: shower, Vogel's, work, shower, and Traci's Bridal Shower 
Slightly cool ride in this am. Rode in on the fixie. Ride home on the SS mtb unless I want to be doing a MTB race on a Road Fixie tomorow 
Carnival day at school today, talk about boring! Thankfully, today's only a half day 
@ScottkGuthrie I'll fix that. #TGIF j/k 
speeding home to make slow soup; thankful i caught the Majestic ham man as he was packing up. got my bones 
At work but TGIF 
Lunch date with @Londonmitch to go to Leathenhall Market's cheese shop was really nice 
Coffee #2.. I was actually able to hold out till almost 8am (via @simonprince) &lt;Lol exactly how I feel... Goodmorning  &gt;
@Mennard Oh sorry! It's Social Media Cafe in Manchester http://socialmediacafemanchester.pbworks.com/ - wd be nice to meet you in person 
Metro Station - Shake it 
@joannahelmer I hear that!  TGIF!
@Cheer1FM  not surprising, i loveeee the station!!! even though the people at work think im crazy 
@ryanlawler Took in a comedy show in Times Square so I was there 'round 9. Sometimes, there are just too many events in one night. 
Sip lob bad. These make up my life 
great review of Bolla Bar by @whatweredoin - this time, the correct version!  http://is.gd/CmyM
@PopCulturePierr time for a FUN weekend?? I've got some Pop Culture bubbly in the fridge... you guys should come over this weekend 
Gig tonight 
just had the most amazing vegetable burger for lunch! Cocktail party tonight! 
@1ndus I know. Thanks to your talk in Barcamp and a friend lending hand, I am finally doing it 
Its a good morning beautiful day!!!  TGIF!!!
Class of 2009:  Celebrity Edition!  
@PhoenixJade No pre reg for Tuesday's Art of Fem Dom needed but come early as they stop tix sales when seats fill. 
@ralgrlnc more presents?   I can't get &quot;Power of Love&quot; out of my head from Breakfast Club last night
@hayleywestwoodx Fair dos, I thought it was a celebratory statement. I think you mean &quot;A week today!&quot; though 
@WendellBray there's SoHo and Times Square. 
Isis...Khonsu is on the Scene 
@kirstiealley Have I seen you at a Bed Bath and Beyond or something in New Market Square? Thought maybe I had a while back... 
In pain at the Tattoo Saloon, having a new tattoo. 
@PhilBaumann Poolside and sipping on the 'itas 
Cross Media Publishing - ich liebe das Fach  #insider #fhwue
Spending the weekend with the Cigarette Boat 
MCM Expo Tomorrow, Can't wait to see everyone there. I'll be wearing a Fallout 3 Vault Boy costume 
Is TGIF! And, ready for a long weekend! 
@gameredith Had a great night! Dinner at Bohanan's Steak House. Had a suite at the Hotel Contessa on the Riverwalk.. Good times. 
@WriterSStone Not seen any  I know Comics Village has a review copy that they picked up at Bristol
Village Coffee Shop 
Dome update: as an engineer and not a project manager, I should quadruple my time estimates for building this dome. 
Bedtime! 2morrow morning first stop Roermond with O. then all day partytime: Bloomingdale, Supperclub Cruise &amp; Jimmy Woo  I guess!!!!!!
@mishamathis Wow the AL Sports Hall of Fame! Congrats to your uncle  A brunch date sounds fabulous. Looking forward to seeing you guys!
working @ serenity sound 2night  Surf Club
donating my google holiday dress to The Princess Project!  www.princessproject.org
@thebrandbuilder if I was in Greenville....I would bring you a Fat Tire...how bout Monday at Barleys...Fat Tire is being served!!! 
@Dylondo I also thought the same!  Ride together, die together bad boys for life. El-oh-el.
We use Jerusalem Artichoke in our Live formula as the prebiotic. Live is Onebodes stabilized probiotic with 1.5 billion CFU 
has a new goal for the summer : learn the Hoedown Throwdown. 
@MissGenevieveD You said you were attending V-Club I think. You clarified it was a gym but I thought otherwise. 
@designloft As long as it doesn't create any problems, sure... why not.  Titles are fun.  Like: Chief Taste Officer.  #canmore
@designloft No, no... You could be the 'Head Design Co-ordinator of Flora, Greenhouse Division'.  #canmore
@meganLwalsh @LEThomas21 nothing will beat Ska Summit 2003...we actually left early. too much ska for one day 
is excited about his next projects.. is directing an Ad film for a Silk Saree Shop and also making his debut as a DoP.  
Nutty Newswire - Residents of 'Butt Hole Road' get together to change street's name http://bit.ly/tVutz (via @The_Tech_Update) Laugh 
@theVIPERroom maybe they can chill awhile @ The Viper Room  good place to be .......just be safe!.
time to chat with hubby and head to bed now with Sootie.  Nite Nite
@CourtneyCamilla ...no, but after ur long day tomorrow, u should come to SKYE Lounge 
Nite all, couldnt sleep, now I might be able to... cya in the morning 
Wow! West Hollywood iz packed wit peeps marchin kuz of Prop 8. Equality for all. ViVa the Gays 
is going to the Chadstone VIP evening  So excited!
for the ladies ONLY - if you got a chance to visit the Playboy Mansion, would you?  (you can DM if you don't want to say out loud  )
@iCharlotte thanks - and thankyou for a great High Tea 
Munchin some chicken and drinkin a free A&amp;W  mmmm
Wow I never saw any of the flavor of loves!!! FOL3 is kewl!! Marathon bby!! 
I finally sucked it up and joined Bally Total Fitness 
last preparations for UrbanArtForms Festival, this will be crazy as hell, like allways  www.urbanartforms.com
@lindawarren...yeah my best yet I think.   I'm a  fan of Soul Mekanik now too 
@girlygirlsheen Nite! 
GSS starts today!!! First stop: Club21 Bazaar Sale 
good morning...  TGIF. wanna go out later to shop.
Karaoke tonight in Old Town..hit me up if you're hanging in that area 
@justhike Celebration dinner at Keiser's or Hideaway  Then, get matching tattoos of the GPS coords at @SacredFireTat2z
Hookah yumm.  Worth the burn. Now shots of tequila! 
Old enough friend to be someone I know? 
Shack Waikiki TONIGHT PEOPLE!!! Living Room tomorrow and Shack Waikiki Saturday night  come say hi
There are still openings for my Conversation Camp in NYC this weekend if you want to learn to rock it like The Juggler. 
@luvrbot007 Sweet! Monsoon's is right on Heritage Square  Re: #FLG #TweetUp 6/4 @5:30
wazzup ppl?  (coffee time! TGIF...)
Yard house! Danielles going away celebration 
@Ski11z That's what you think 
Tattoo soon? I think yes 
@dirigibleduck Now we just need The Guild. 
@Dove927 Mansion yesssir! 
Band Aids by Gym Class Heroes @imeem http://bit.ly/2ufR1P as i smile cuz i think of tha person who has made goin to sleep easier lately 
helo twitter!its TGIF  just woke up late @12nn coz i came late in the house last nyt @2am... its past 1pm here,manila time 
@mpowers7718 July 12th is the last Plano Centre show, then we are going to be doing Garland Special Event Center shows. 
&quot;Can I Wham my Oingo Boingo into your Velvet Underground?&quot;  Classic 
I'm sleepy, my son has his kindergarten graduation ceremony tomorrow!  Nite all!
@WerdUp Trying to...Fred said you guys got the tickets already...I want to go to Reggae Fest too   I'm all about being busy this summer
Snl on e! Old school bspears loveeeee it 
Have you seen the ArtFire Fusion Studios? Lock in your rate now!  http://bit.ly/UN9mf
@peleamelika Wyatt:name i heard and liked Haplo: Character from one of my favourite books series. The Death Gate Cycle 
Listening to the Cab and wearing my new dress for no point laying in a huge pile of clean clothes on my bed. 
I worked on all of the custom orders that I have for this week! I have some great stamps. Lots of wedding designs.  TGIF
Seeing @leerone at the Key Club in L.A. tomorrow night with my brother! Should be interesting! 
going to bed early! TGIF tomorrow!  goodnight. &lt;3
@MJSchrader I *MIGHT* get a place here in Wimberly.. Found a cabin with my name on it ;) I'll be doing my best to make the Siglo Meetings 
@Plasma_Ball1 @anoela1336 @Marieblue17 i made a movie check mysim page 
About to head to Sydney. Drinks, friends, ink, Amity Affliction, Getaway Plan and Elora Danan! Fun times await!  
@Jam4 Haha! I love how kids say whatever comes to mind with zero filter. They're unintentionally hilarious  Yours sound like a hoot!
My letter to Empire Magazine is in (again) if your a reader. 
Nite folk, I only got 4 hours of sleep last night, so I might sleep before @jimmyfallon is over.. maybe 
Mumbai Pub Crawls by location with details like hangover potential, cost, route - http://tr.im/mLdd reminds me of @freegeek pubcrawls 
What a gay may day! Shorts required. 
Hundreds mini american flag at Restland Funeral last Memorial's weekend 
Sauna party tonight 
Futanari Liquor: poop, all that hustling and I forgot I can't buy a mall store until level 9 
Is Introducing Palace Players/listening to the new Mew song.. 
@marston great profile for the LiveUmbrella Lounge event.  http://liveumbrella.crowdvine.com/profiles/46181
@tsarnick I am proud of my accent Bar-by boy! LOL! 
The Windswept Village of Dusk is now 211pgs. Still have another 50pgs to edit, but this kids adventure story is really coming on 
Job = $$ = Club 21 Bazaar + travelling = 
Mothers circus animal cookies. Taste Amazing right now 
sleeping pattern is all messed up. it's 4am and i'm still awake. it's been like this the whole week. TGIF! 
@babesmcphee I voted for the Barista quote - Inspired!  
ahhhhh ' my girl called me at 2am sO now im up lol w.e TGIF 
@jayajha TGIF ? and no more shippings tomorrow 
takin my butt to sleep ive blogged enough for tonight!!  Nite yall.
Had amazing lunch at Cafe Masala with my other CA friends 
Check out our Golden Lounge at KLIA http://bit.ly/gNNK2 Care of @Planereality - Thanks! 
Foolishly attempting to write a new song for tonight's gig at Henry's Cellar Bar. Doors 7.30 
Platypus Lite is live on the App Store... Enjoy a bit a free gaming, which includes the two players option over the wifi 
Looking fwd to Prargue Food Festival: this weekend. 
Travel day: On my way to OR Tambo Intl Airport... Next stop - Cape Town...  
That was fun.  Just got back from seeing the bands Krome &amp; Chasing Satellites at The Queen's Hotel. Tasty beverages, music n' dancing.
Hotel rooms got a telly in the bathroom 
goooood morning!  time for work...ugh...TGIF!!!!! 
Going to class till noon.....Jammin out to the radio!! 
