Most common words for this cluster:
[('hungry', 395), ('food', 57), ('feed', 21), ('lol', 17), ('amp', 15), ('home', 15), ('lunch', 12), ('starving', 12), ('im', 11), ('thirsty', 10), ('http', 10), ('hunger', 9)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'hungry', 0.9310013055801392), (u'Hungry', 0.8094315528869629), (u'starving', 0.6418472528457642), (u'famished', 0.6356262564659119), (u'ginger_haired_perpetually', 0.6041785478591919), (u'Felicie_Colin', 0.6031733155250549), (u'babies_wailed', 0.5990847945213318), (u'miner_Jerry_Lepolese', 0.5990402698516846), (u'Starving', 0.5791047215461731), (u'thirsty', 0.5780318379402161)]





hungry  dreaming of yumyums..
Hungry - and all I've got is a bag of crisps  Looking forward to dinner tonight.
Breakfast went away quickly. Hungry already 
so hungry...should have ate 
T_T hungry. but too lazy to get up. 
@Konstpaus you're making me hungry! 
is sooo hungry, to bad the dc is closed 
Hunger has won!I dropped my knife, making a lot of noise,causing my dad to sleep talk.LOL does anyone remember that video? I lost it 
Hungry and doesn't want to go back to college tomorrow 
@AshleyLaxson ok you make it sound like i don't care your hungry or never like you to wake me up.... i'm not that mean 
 so hungry. I'll attempt to sleep anyhow.
Being devoured by my own hunger. 
So thirsty 
Hungry at work. Rustlers was out of date  cereal bars for me  http://twitpic.com/3nh6o
A bit hungry... though no food yet.. too much work!! 
@lekimumu damjoooooo! ur making me hungry again 
Hungry.. As always..  Lunch maybe?
in library, hungry and bored 
@astrid35  hungry!
@Mzcertified  hungry!
@aimss123  hungry!
@jimhat  hungry!
bored as now and hungry lol 
Hungry and tired  I need a massage, maybe i'll pay my sis to give me one....lol
I'm super hungry!!! but its too late 2 eat 
@astrid35  hungry!
@Mzcertified  hungry!
@aimss123  hungry!
@jimhat  hungry!
@yokPWK  hungry!
@wtfwouldericado  hungry!
Awake to do laundry before my long day ahead.  Hungry, but no cereal or eggs  How can I make breakfast w/o eggs?
Hungry. Craving nutella toast, but too cold to go downstairs and make it. 
so hungry right now 
@Natallg dam nat you making me hungry now man  except i hate desert but red robin open wide burger hmmmmmmmmmmmmm so good
Fucking hungry 
Hungry. But not in the mood to eat anythin 
so freaking hungry. really want to get food. swine flu outside. must go hungry 
Packing.. Hungry  I took a four hour nap today!
I am soOo hungry!! 
I'm hungry.  Feed me?
At the house... Hungry 
Hunger is second only to war on the list of things that screw humans over! And i'm hovering around the 2nd spot right now 
might have some food, hungry 
Omygosh imso bored right now.. And hungry 
I need food god i feel so sad am sleepy n going 2 sleep hungry again like a poor gur with no food 
hungry for sushi 
there is a @hungry_zombie following me 
so hungry... but if i eat i'll puke it up  
Hungry!I totally need some food right now.. aww tomorrow weekend's over  that's a mess!
hungry!  and not tired!
Oh... fucking hungry... 
I forget what hungry feels like 
 hungry and indecisive
@mvnz i dont want it to end  that foods making me hungry haha
hungry again.... 
Waking up cooking hella hungry 
that fire drill made me angry... and hungry. 
Hungry.. but afraid to eat!  
Tired and hungry...no food in the house and all the fast food places are closed. 
is finally in virac, catanduanes philippines. No plane food.im hungry 
hungry now 
Freaaking Tireed. And hungry. 
is now kinda hungry  http://plurk.com/p/udoil
just had a really long sleep...feel worse for it  Hungry now.
Ugh... hungry 
@pappe_it_is if not feed the hungry, that should give a feel of hungry. I've tried that before and its not a good feeling. 
Hungry. I want cupcakes. 
@jimijamz i'm not sure, maybe minestrone, it's making me hungry  !
Hungry...ughh 
hungry :/ .... why does the kitchen have to be so far away 
@PinkElephant73 I want! I want! Feed me 
Hungry and thirsty but it's too close to lunch to go for breakfast. And my last.fm library keeps crashing as soon as it's pas the advert. 
is cold.. bored... hungry... and wants to go homeeeeee 
Nothing to put in a sandwich...not even bread. Hungry 
lalala. bored and hungry. i think i'm gonna eat lunch alone 
@francopera You should get a kick-back from Applebee's for advertising.    Both of my sisters have 1 in their town, not me.    Hungry...
@RoseLizenberg that's cute. I'm scared of the homeless. 
@Negomi1 And I am extremely jealous/hungry 
@Moonbaby67 I guess mom got hungry...  BUT I saved one!
I's all the way home. Hungry. Tired, got kitties food, afraid to see if they don't like it. 
Hungry again! Wow..Mexican sounds great.  But no 
In the university with hungry!! 
hungry, but don't have an appetite 
@cfuess is making me hungry.  i had a bowl of cereal 
wtf happened? i have no feed 
@mareyachristina nope  i'm bored and hungry.
And now im all hungry and thirsty. and too afraid to go downstairs... 
about to rehearse...starving!!! 
Home finally. Hungry. needs food. mad cause I might not get pizza today  Hanging out with brandon. its raining.. ugh!!
 WHat happenedd to the feed? @andydick
Hungry, sleepy and wishing I was somewhere else 
I'm kind of sad they were home because if the order got scrapped those chicken enchiladas would have been mine all mine! Hungry 
hungry. but i won't waste money on food cos i'd only lose my appetite after a bite or so... 
i have no food and real hungry 
So  hungry But all is left is some soup   
so hungry! havent had my dinner yet and its like 8:30 
Feeling hungry again 
Feeling Hungry and these minted lamb chops taking long to grill 
so hungry ! but i gots no food  ! WTF
im hungry  what can you eat when there is no food in the house 
so hungry but it looks like i won't be getting a break 
Hungry &amp; tired  !!  No one notice me or talk to me  so borig
Home alone and hungry 
Damit... no food at home .... super hungry... found a can of tuna...but cant find the can opener 
hungry and nausious 
@cindyloulaughs haha im hungry too  i havnt eaten
@dadday Commencin'! @xratedr I'll consider it. Also, I'm super hungry too. 
@unahealyfan No 24/7 live feed 
sooooooooo effing hungry 
Just finished the beta of the home page... after 10:30pm and I realize I forgot to eat today!  Hungry... wonder what's open?
hungry...where is everyone? 
Aww .. I can't sleep . I'm too freaking hungry . 
so hungry but i shouldn't eat after 7... so tired but i shouldn't sleep before 10...  i'm in such a weird limbo right now... 
Hungry and all I have is pasta 
I've bin hungry since last nite. I'm still hungry 
I can smell the sausages, its not fair, making me hungry and I need to go to the library 
feels super duper hungry, but there's no any food 
I can smell a nearby barbecue, and it's making me hungry 
fuckin restaurant next to my flat,i'm getting hungry cause the steaks smelling so good... 
Watching pokemon and hungry 
hungry hungry hungry ! there is no food on the table 
so hungry, but there is no food in my house 
mega bored and superrr hungry. dylan just left and i miss him  ilovedylan05*07*09
@caseymh there is NO food i can eat here . I may have to leave early  sooooooo hungry
I'm Hungry now 
says  i am very gutom naa..(hungry) http://plurk.com/p/xhucd
watching to catch a predator &amp; waiting on dinner. im hungry! 
cooking. starving. waiting for it to be done. 
mmmm.. hungry, have to wait for @silentending to wake before I can eat  
I'm Hungry. :| I need food.  )
Hungry already 
Ohh speedy scandal is veh good so far. Hungry ah now 
Entire office (except me) has departed for lunch. Conscientious R doesn't want to leave the office unmanned. Hungry R wants a sandwich 
I'm hella hungry right now... 
I am freaking hungry... already. It's only 10:30. 
is sooooo hungry...i think i might throw up 
gosh, im hungry like the wolf now!!! i hate getting hungry at night..  #tokiohotel #tokiohotel #tokiohotel #tokiohotel #tokiohotel
Hungry as hell and tired of workin and its only monday 
all this grocery browsing is doing is making me hungry!    i'm such a brat.  lol
Hungry with no lunch 
i'm feeling hungry. i wish i knew how to cook. boo 
Hungry. I need to start taking lunch breaks at work. 
So hungry I have a headache. Why must there be no food in this house? 
hungry....give me a sub plllllllllllllllleeeeeeeeeasse 
Hungry..  I hear my cottage cheese calling my name.  I need some yoga instead.
Hungry!! And it is 3 hours left until lunch 
Just going to left the office... Hungry  http://myloc.me/2kI7
hungry for a taco bell 
hungry.. dnt know what 2 eat 
hungry but going to bed ... still not easy to eat 
going to bed hungry  I want to eat, but then I'll feel fat.
so hungry &amp; out of food 
Feed up now 
@alissha I'm real hungry too 
Hungry eye!!! (literally)  warning! It is a BAD thing to ur body!!!
is getting hungry tagging all these sushi photos 
@b00z my bloody feed has died 
@JessicaGottlieb yes, you do show up as partial feed and I don't know how to fix that either 
Downstairs neighbors are making pancakes, again. They're making me hungry! 
think I might be turning in to the very hungry caterpillar  just keep getting hungry!
Hungry hippo. I have sushi in my backpack but I can't eat it 
is super hungry  http://plurk.com/p/y0q19
iim hungry and i dnt wnt to eat pb&amp;j no more 
Wompwompwomp hungry 
No smokes, no food, n im hungry 
Hungry as hell...  an hour to go!!
Hungry. Hungry. Hungry. No food at home 
@heidiheartshugs but I'm here and hungry! 
@Audrinaaa hungry. subway...subwaaaay suuuuuuuuuuubwaaaaay 
Hungry but cant eat 
FEED ME, TWITS. I'm Hungry. 
is in a state between tired, sleepy and hungry. Just don't know what to fulfill first 
@CIROCstar I'm bored out of my mind! Its stupid cold outside and im hungry lol   what are you doing?
thirsty 
@DJIncrediboi LOL how bout I'm mad hungry too I ended up not going!! 
so hungry and so sad. i really don't want to move out of my apartment. i love living alone. 
Home alone, and hungry 
I'm so freaking hungry! 
I always find ways to spend too much money. Starving 
just came from the mall. soooooo tired.........and hungry. 
Going to bed hungry.... Not fun 
all those late lunches have spoiled my appetite..here i am, sitting at home, smelling delicious fish, n not feeling hungry.. 
Tired n hungry.. Not even had breakfast yet . Loveee shopping, but jus wana get this over with! I need my bed   http://myloc.me/2MdY
@ringgo410 thats good at least your not bored and hungry like me right now and i cant get any food right now 
says The answer is maybe, and that's final.  Hunger.  http://plurk.com/p/yt893
@sausheong you're making me hungry 
I'm so bloody hungry 
Hungry...and someone is so late 
so hungry... and I can't eat working is taking all of me 
em hungry 
Hungry. Bread won't be done til after I am gone. I won't get my favorite piece 
hungry but dont want caf food. 
Browsing the web with my mother. Hungry 
is sitting in the hospital. I'm getting hungry and i miss kelby 
I'm bored and hungry  Nothiiiing to do
Hungry, but Jordan won't feed me 
is TIRED!!!! and hungry! cause that food was nasty at that restaurant 
sitting on the couch...bored,sleepy and hungry 
I think I should eat... but I have cheese  but no bread  what to do? Hungry :/
Stilll hungry.  telll cin to take me to burger kiiing.
everyone'a sleeeeping &amp; i'm awake  &amp; coldddd &amp; hungover &amp; hungry!!
Hungry  once again I wanna tweet that I'm still in my bed,and too lazy to get my breakfast outside fufu
Oh no..I'm getting hungry again.. 
still sick  craving for mcD. i think im gonna order soon. Hungry.
Hungry and my mama won't cook me no breakfast 
Humgry so @&amp;$!ing hungry but it's only 9:00 
Tiiiirrred. &amp; Hungry, and a thousand things to do 
Just woke up. blaaaah so sick &amp; hungry 
http://twitpic.com/6ubvr - They're cold wet and hungry 
@ThisisDavina i miss live feed 
watching Cats and Dogs. Hungry 
Is real hungry 
@lackinginsanity it must be cold and hungry. 
So hungry and out of meals 
i hate how slow the live feed of @thetonyawards is 
ohh your making me hungry noww 
tired + hungry + (attempted) studying = not fun 
At work. On my lunch. Starving and I forgot my debit card. 
Finally leaving...hungry 
It's midnight and I am feeling hungry. 
just came back  TIRED! Hungry! gotta study and do spanish hmk....im soooo getting homeschooling! thats it!
finally got my mom to make me dinner XD if i hadnt then i would of had to go to bed hungry 
i am tired... and hungry... and i smell curry... to bad its for wednesday 
working. Hungry, loads to eat here but none of it is good for me 
Too much time in the dark room scanning for pics.  Hungry &amp; tired, time for lunch. Staining neurons can wait.
at the airport. hungry. 
is eatin chinese soup, its better than bein hungry 
hunger n laziness do not mix 
In the lab..hungry  #fb
Ate garden greens, piece of chicken marsala with artichoke, a small slice of foccacia and a mini-brownie #lunchtimerollcall Hungry again 
hungry...shakeys was a hoax 
@Darkgemini im the hungry one and she doesn't share very well 
Hungry!!! I was super spoiled this past week...I'm starvin  abuela wouldn't of never let this happened lol
i'm kinda hungry...i'm not supposed to eat this late...dilemma  
Tired, hungry, disappointed, frustrated, hungry, mannn, it's not crackin over here 
Hunger sucks  where is @yazzaspazza and @CharlyEast
@rblake77 going to bed hungry, then 
Hungry in class!!!! 
Tired, Hungry and headachey  ..... plus for the 1st time under the same roof but no action!
so hungry! oh what I'd give for some food delivery right now ! 
Hungry and thirsty...but not allowed to eat until 4pm probably 
has just finished reading the very hungry caterpillar to zak....he was more interested in eating his hand though! 
Aaaaaah I'm sooooo tired and Hungry whaaaaaa I wanna go home 
So hungry I gave in and ate breakfast food 
hungry &amp; my neck is hurting again 
Is super hungry.... 
Feels sick as shat. Hungry, tired, headache.  gasy. lol lol
Hungry as hell, but I can't eat. It sucks 
is waiting for pizza...!!!! Hungry! no food in the house and HATES storms! 
So hungry, the homemade enchiladas still are being made.  The anticipation is killing me
@melondeck I kno ium hungry 
Eating at Daikokuya with teabunny, @naartist, @midniteowl  Hungry... 
im so hungry! there's no food at home 
hmm...hungry...not sure what to eat... then again, it's a little late to be eating 
is hungry, but doesnt know what to eat. I might just go to bed hungry 
hungry, wants to eat. 
is brain dead and hungry 
@hitnmiff I can smell whatever you're cooking in the kitchen and it's making me hungry 
getting hungry, as well...I'd need to go grocery shopping first if I wanna eat something. still feel crappy though 
hungry  when is @cutebaobao coming to pick me up!!? &gt;(
Up town and hungry 
french...  soo hungry.
Hungry  school bus in 5 minutes, no time
is it wrong to have a second lunch????? I'm Hungry still 
Hungry  I want something sweet 
@1cakebaker Youre making me hungry 
p.s. now sick AND hungry. 
@eelyntang that looks AMAZING. and i am super hungry now lah! 
hungry....but i'm not allowed to eat outside food this enitre week....hmmmm what should i eat...i don't want cereal 
Hungry   gig tommorow woo! well not woo, more ohhhh shit.
Hungry as shizzle, with no money, in a booth at KFC. 
hungry, but there isn't any food i wanna eat  I'm so picky sometimes
hungry again 
@MommyofTey I really despise going though. Hungry or not. Especially at night . . . after work. I'm just ready to go home. 
so hungry! and so poor 
@WSOPLive the live feed on pkr is slowly dieing 
just ate peanut butter and jelly on crakers so hungry 
waiting for the rest to arrive ...hungry 
hungry and on the road 
I hate going to bed hungry! 
Cat off to the vet in abit to get snipped, plus abit of er, cosmetic surgery on his eyelid. Hungry kitty not happy 
Tired!!  hungry also! http://myloc.me/4fBs
I hate waking up well before my alarm goes off but being hungry so you have to wake up. 
So now I'm up by myself, alone and hungry as all ways 
It's not even 7 am and I'm starving like a hungry hungry hippo.  Saaaaad face.
so tired/hungry 
my lunch sucked, I have a funny taste in my mouth and a hungry belly 
i HATE working out  i feel like crying when i do it :L:L:L so tireed and hungry now  woooo foood
vvvvvvvv distracted (and hungry) 
Still waiting for my surgery...hungry!!! And exhausted  http://myloc.me/4j4C
I'm cold and hungry, Jelene where are you? We're dieing here woman!! 
there isn't any good food in my house  im hungry
Hungry, Tired, and not wanting to be at work 
Home now  bored and hungry lol
@digiSal don't be mean I'm tired and hungry and hot 
Hunger headache 
so bored....... and hungry too 
hungry.... hubs won't take me to mcdonalds. 
wow am hungry 
Twit break I'm tired stressed and agitated and hungry 
in a great starving 
No food for me  I'm soooo hungry! Anyone hungry? I reallly need to not use my credit card so much
HeadlinesIndia is spamming my feed 
Hungry but nothing to eat really! 
getting hungry :-S why? it is just 10.50am ... not fair 
Hungry. Sleepy  gooo egypt tho, nice win against wrld champs italy!
Hungry! I want food. No more snack at home  - http://tweet.sg
working, hungry...forced myself to eat yogurt, didnt hit the spot 
Hungry but scared to eat cuz I was in the lgr five times this morning hu huck......I ate something bad yesterday I'm sure of it 
a lil hungry but ran out of milk 
@EGDeedy how is it that I'm already following her but never see her in my feed?! 
@effinmatt there was traffic..I know im starving too  just got on the 55 though. @bgermainx is meeting us there too!
@MeganKn lol, i know! im starving. 
Hungry but poorly and can't be bothered to get up to make anything to eat 
Hungry. At work. And the cafeteria is closed. 
Is super hungry 
I'm tired and hungry 
#dontyouhate when your hungry but u dnt know what u want 2 eat 
i'm soooooooooooooooooooo mutha-effing hungry, 
so hungry  what to eat???? idk
I cannot get &quot;banana pancakes&quot; out of my head! It's making me hungry. 
Hungry  can someone get me a calzone? \/
thirsty. 
Hungry! Didnt really eat today 
hungry... very hungry but canteen food is awful and i m short on cash. 
eeee! &amp; work aint too bad today. Hungry though  do want food.
Huuu.... Starving, alone, n freezing here... Gosshh!! 
so hungry! but there's no food 
@jlist making me hungry 
very Hungry 
is Really Hungry!!!!!! 
Driving to the reception I'm sleepy and hungry 
I hate being hungry 
I'm super hungry 
Feeeling hungry!!!! And all I have with me is water 
Tired hungry apple store 
hungry to the maaxx 
why is it that there's never anything to eat here? i don't want anymore hotdogs! so hungry 
worked out and mowed. i'm so tired and hungry. but we don't have food because dad is out of town 
@hey_tonda damn u making me hungry 
@Rquelz no. hungry for food!!!! lol 
So hungry. I've only eaten a potato today, and have no other food. 
@kaonicks  me want me hungry
hungry. again. 
@rogadgetsby Those crabs looks delicious. You're making me hungry 
@miamendez Do you want to share some of your food? I am a starving artist. 
So hungry  hurry up n serve da food alrede!!!!!
Hungry and missing my sister.  
so hungry, but so scared to eat, 
I'm sooooo hungry!!!!  .....feed me 
needs to excercise but is too lazy and hungry!  
i am board,tired,hungry.... what can i do 
Too much Hungry...  waiting for my hubby to come home... *sigh*
I'm awake, have a cold, still in bed and hungry 
Hungry because my friend was late comin to get me and there was no time for a sausage biscuit stop  hmph! Hurry Indiana! LOL!
walked aimlessly for 2 hrs, hurting feet, potentially worsening the little toe that never felt better. WTF?! Hungry.. RAwrr!!!! 
In the village inn waiting for my food. so hungry 
Hungry I wanna go to ihop but there is no one to go with 
is bored... hungry and too warm 
so hungry. nothing in the fridge 
Hungry and locked in my office 
im bored,tired,thirsty and hungry 
hungry  i want real food lol
Hungry, depressed, and need to study for an exam tomorrow. 
ordered food at en fuego then realized i had left my wallet at home!! sad, embarrassed, and hungry 
i'm a hungry hippo.  
ugh hungry and tired 
hungry but can't really eat :-/ idle mind...   trying to keep myself together.
Lonely nd Hungry 
so tired and hungry! Lol I wish I was american  ;)
hmm hungry again. wish i had someone to make me some food. 
I am getting hungry.  might see if dad has a dollar i can borrow to go get chips.
watching Food Network. Hungry. Nothing good in this house 
Hot. Thirsty.  Hungry.  
waiting for my ride . ohdee hungry 
Guess I'll go to bed hungry 
so hungry!!!! but its to late &amp; to lazy to make it 
hungry ..  and wants to watch transformers!
@CHRISDJMOYLES   What happened to the live feed? 
unwanted and hungry 
@datavis no more full feed? 
hungry for pizza  Why can't it just arrive at 12?
so busy today, so much to do! still gota pack! Hungry aswell 
wow my rooms tidy :| haha:') Starving never had no breakfast or lunch boo  So much dust flying around hahah
I am on the air and sooooooooo Hungry!!!! I don't think I can make it until 2 
@svgrob don't see you in the feed  #dcth
hungry  chomp2 porridge sounds awfully tempting. but i need to be up by 9 tmr 
Nothing &amp; am Starving 
Hungry! Hungry hungry hungry. Starvin' like Marvin. Only, he isn't starvin' anymore, I just fed him his nightly fish-food 
@kirwil sounds like you had a blast.. with the food.. you got me hungry now 
Everyone come join us at chilies  only if ur hungry
Now trying this wing tai restaurant. Starving 
@ZaphodCamden we just went and got some so my craving is satisfied 
@misskittymarie tons of picturesssss  yummmy im hungry now
just got back from feeding the hungry. 
Waiting to be fed.. Feed me!! 
hungry...need nourishment 
@MarcDeCaria now ur really making me envious...and hungry!!! 
Feeding the booger carrots 4 da 1st time...he'd loving it 
Hungry, as usual... I'm looking forward to 6 p.m. I will go shopping.   I'm tired, too.... such a boring day....
is feeling hungry but loving the sunshine 
Hungry as hell 
hungry!!! wooop this apple core design is fun 
@raWrfACed ur hungry and u just need to take a ddong. 
@platypusfactory i'm hungry! feed me! 
@RealBillBailey haven't read that book, but heard of it. Feed, spay, love is a great motto for pet owners  although there is more involved
Hunger settled, now, tis sleepytime 
@visualthoughts na dann mal guten Hunger 
hungry hungry hippo! lol. i've been a vegeterian fer a year and a day 
bored as fuck..n hungry 
@tomjadams nothing yet. Would much prefer to be playing Hungry Hungry Hippos 
@gabriellaopaz stop talking about food...you're making me hungry now !! 
@SacTomatoCarri @GardenPunk that is a good plan - you are making me hungry 
Hungry! Headed to eat fish. Cajun catfish for me. 
Feeding the guy lunch then outside to play 
@rabbatphoto I've been there!  And I'm all hungry now that you've mentioned it!
kinda hungry! wait,i'm looking for a food!! haha 
@syedansar Actually thats not true. Its better to eat small amount of food just before your hungry.  We eat a lot more when hungry 
hungry ehehehhe... need some food 
Hungry. I'm gonna go eat ze floss from breadtalk plus iced tea. 
Hungry for food yet thirsty for beer. Beer first. 
good morning!!!!!  i'm so tired and hungry! and my chewinggum tastes awful! 
hungry and thirsty  http://plurk.com/p/vgeos
Feeding the workmen who are installing the new anwing a 'broodje kroket'  
Hungry lol and i cant wait for this  weekend 
Listening to music and kind of hungry 
Going to eat for now, feelin' hungry... 
Off to see the family in a bit!  Hungry and happy! 
