Most common words for this cluster:
[('i', 171), ('if', 144), ('having', 131), ('although', 128), ('because', 122), ('day', 96), ('as', 93), ('lol', 91), ('for', 90), ('time', 90), ('today', 87), ('quot', 85)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Of_course', 0.872075080871582), (u'But', 0.8600857853889465), (u'And', 0.8478567600250244), (u'Because', 0.8375660181045532), (u'So', 0.8353676795959473), (u'If', 0.8327738642692566), (u'Even', 0.8193402290344238), (u'While', 0.8148506283760071), (u'Unfortunately', 0.8144847750663757), (u'Although', 0.8139514923095703)]





@andywana Not sure what they are, only that they are PoS! As much as I want to, I dont think can trade away company assets sorry andy! 
@ashleyac My donkey is sensitive about such comments. Nevertheless, he'd (and me'd) be glad to see your mug asap. Charger is still awol. 
I'm sweating my forthcoming trip to E3.  If I can't find someone to crash with while I'm out there, I may be screwed.  
@austinhill I wish I was!  Sold out   If you have some time let me know, I would love to hear more about what you are up to!
@JinxCat Unlike my sister...I still don't have one 
/really/ need to clean the sensor in my SLR. As it is I will be doing spot removal from several hundred pictures 
@Splont   I have a meeting all morning today if that makes you feel better ? Though I finish tomorrow until next weds to make you hate me!
Wordpress is being a bitch-ass bitch! Otherwise there'd be a new Silence remix up 
Babies a bit sick  poor honey. Having a relaxing day otherwise in Israel, enjoying all the fam.
@SonnyShear I love them too. Husband, not so much. Therefore, no chimes for me 
@craftjuice thank you. Since I can only use the url once, I won't be able to add individual items  
@Posh_Totty Because there is no one flashing their knickers &amp; no one buffing it up the car with boobs whilst i'm cleaning mine 
@Nathaniel_3 well im someone's bitch. I cant say no cause i feel guilty. Even though i hate it. And my arms are sore from moving fixtures 
Ugh I wish I could do a redo on all my sleeping patterns they are so messed up. After getting no sleep sunday night, I slept 4 hrs yest 
I'm sick...   Those little dudes from the Mucinex commerials are throwing a party in my chest.
Trying to get my head around this. Having a tidy/sort day with the wife whilst trying to play mousehunt. Not good 
@sheslykeomg well I told her off a few weeks ago and she's on a downward spiral ever since. If you even mention my name, she goes nuts. 
@RicardoTech Unfortunately I'm not allowed to splurge it all  Otherwise it'd be a netbook and a DSi for sure...Now I have to choose one
@MarieChristineJ No, I'm old. You made it to 10:45! Whereas I usually only last til 10 
I will no longer drink coffee. if i do, you can have all my Jem dolls  Except out of the house cos that doesn't count!
@DustDevil75 Apparently so. 
@O2UKOfficial If I am a beta tester for os3 on the iPhone can i get MMS enabled? Because I can't at the moment.... 
@meeshellmabelle They have a 2nd show right after, so I don't think we'll be able to  Unless we hang around Detroit for two more hours!
@akardell I guess I was in Safari.  running them both lately. Yet, can't install new updates to FF. Some -212 fail or something. Ack.
@jessicao_x3 Needless to say, I'm worried to death. 
Its so hard to sleep out of my bed! After being up for 24hrs and airport hell I thought I would sleep more 
@pmeanwellralph oooops LOL. Worth it though! Especially if not your bath... Unless you had to pay damages! 
Wish I was out enjoying the weather ugh. Hopefully I can go out a little later. Meanwhile my allergies r in FULL affect &amp; doin my thesis 
@jldeutsch Whenever. You are always welcome.  Althought their is no guest room which is unfortunate. 
Another productive day!  Both vehicles cleaned top to bottom!  However...looks like it may rain   well..atleast the lawn is raked!
Losing at Risk. As usual 
@Gailporter As in left for the day? Or left long term?? 
Just finnished reading chapter 1. It was very good, keeps you on edge and makes u want to read on.However I am too tired to read any more 
@AllyAyr Although, Menthol Cigs are vile also. 
Yeah! Finally great weather in Ohio!!! For the moment 
@sassydani At Northwestern, yeah   Either that or, it happens all the time when I'm not around lol.
Using sister's laptop to surf. Using mobile sites because I exhausted a lot of bandwidth yesterday and today. 
@Hollix With who?!? I've too lazy an ass to climb anything  *taking literal suggestion*
All I've had to eat today was a bag of Swedish Fish. While delicious I think my body is mad at me for not providing more 
@maybeshelied I'm not laughing! We only got one like four years ago. But mmm that sounds good! Even though I don't really like chocolate! 
I am not excited about what tomorrow will bring. Staff meeting at 9 and I am still wide awake... Already sounds like a good time... 
@jordan_thegreat Honestly? Because the people above me are having a party with loud music and yelling and sex having apparently. too loud 
@chriscornell Were you just in Milwaukee? If so, I am sad that I wasn't there. We were recording that day. 
Hart is home safely!!! Nevertheless drunk and delirious. I am so jealous.  I want to be extremely drunk.
Somehow, I was bitten 6 times without me even noticing. How did this happen?! So itchy 
Absent today aah I got an F in the project  I wish we have an excuse absent
@adean Having problems finding IResource in your repo? 
@jamestephenfinn Sadly no  If they had scheduled the talk for the same day as the gig I would have definitely been there! R U going?
laying in bed waiting for my award winning kid to get back from Phoenix.  Also trying to figure out how to fix the sink plumbing issue 
@TOMurdockPapers I wish I was able to sleep in.  Because of my work schedule my body is now trained to wake up at 7 am no matter what. 
Old man time is catching me up &amp; slowly stealing my lovely locks  Considering shaving hair down a bit so I don't end up with a comb over..
@Olliez0r Indeed it is, ants are now coming 
Somehow, the sunshine isn't making me any happier 
@gabrielsaporta http://twitpic.com/3k1m1 - That is fan-fucking-tastic! Not about the show though.  Even I get sad 'cause of that.
I want to go shopping. but, first of all, I don't know where to go because I don't feel like driving.  Secondly, I want to lose weight 
@_acrowdfavorite I'm sorry people keep blowin you off  Apparently they don't know how fierce you are,
really wanting some pancakes. healthy eating went out of the window last night, but i danced it all off  Also trains suck, a lot  X
4 mile marathon is ovvaaa.  31 minutes was my time  Regardless we had a great time w/good friends and it was for a good cause!
@gylesONESHOW Such a tease - we have no choc digestives 
@DarkAeon Likewise... I hope to get 100 soon... though not sure all will be fans of 9 to 5 
My brother is leaving to go back to berlin  After that I am all alone again 
I am hungry and thirsty, but I feel nauseous  What do I do? Except wimper, I am already doing that. 
officially a member of NMBC! Unfortunately I won't be there again until Sept 
@QuiMo aww  Other than the 5* I didnt! Although @donniewahlberg blew me a kiss before IBLY!
@melody good morning melody! Its a curse that I have...AND. Partly to my rooster friends I'm up so early 
is annoyed and sad. Even chocolate cake isn't changing that. 
Mall! With no money  ha
@liz0007 see you should've gone for the obviously straight one like me! *giggle* Though he's a bit of a jackass 
About to go back to school - not good. Already half a litre of coffee but still no energy 
@kelvinkao I hope so. Otherwise I'm f*d. OTOH redirects have never been an issue before, and I've had lots of them...  
It is shame that BeeJive has not been supported anymore  If only it was open sourced...
@NinjaNorman If you still have the memory card, don't use it &amp; buy another.  As the images are probably recoverable.   If lost though... 
mourning the loss of my amazing kitty, Milo. Having a hard time knowing he isn't sleeping at my feet like he used to every night 
Wow Another cloudy, rainy, slightly cold day. Luckily for us, we've got plenty of wood bricks for the stove! And alas, Felix's funnel on 
@Suuwziej With disturbing mental images. 
@phildando Just no access to these machines other than physical. Hardly have to do things on them.. but sometimes there is no alternative 
The past two nights I've been up late working, I've fallen asleep while working. Why?  Because it's 4 am 
@Rileston76 Except that there are issues letting you view subscribed content 
@deabush hah. Ditto. 
My new adapter only draws power for my laptop, and doesn't actually charge my battery.  In other news, Knowing is a really lame movie.
@jfenner I just set one up last night! ... But then realized that it was time to go to bed. Therefore, it is sitting idle. 
@autumneffect - I've missed you, too! Although talking doesn't look promising today. 
@Marquietta Lately there's been a delay of up to an hour before they show up.  
@Traceyspacey Indeed they do. Although if we have any more injuries they'll be facing our tea lady at left back in the CL semis 
I was thinking you could help me get the word out in your blog/podcast. If you dont mind. Also hear about aussie internet filtering 
@angryeyebrows cause i cant even finish it on easy by myself! Besides i have to go see people at gym later 
:what i want is what most women have, some even more than 1.While I am waiting patiently for mine, I see others abuse what they have!! 
I got hungry so so so fast.  Especially when a lot of people tweet about food here.
@juiceee Ditto! 
@meiklzh if only it were the following week - another loong bank hol. Otherwise my 4 remaining days of hol for '09 says no 
is on the highway.. Heading up north.. Unfortunately not for @searchtour  ... Aug 1st can't wait.
@girishmallya Had some client updates to deal with. Hence the lack of cycling  I'm aiming to do aarey colony tomrw though.
This is why I quit drinking... Because I watch sappy music videos and get  arg. http://tinyurl.com/3758u7
I had the awesomest dream ever!!!! Except co-starring the wrong person... 
@creques I only wish these drunks were that amusing.  Instead, it was a lot of blatant ignoring, or rude remarks.  
@Welshgirl35 Sowwy  If i go to my room - will you follow me ?
is happy that the internet is up! Though I got to *poof* very quick 
Last nights movie the Knowing was very interesting but it had a crappy ending 
@snkysndsystm Gahhh! While you guys are like 2km away from me I am at home sitting at the computer. Psssshhh bloodt 18+ shows 
ugh! Although I know H1N1 is bad, I still hope that classes can be suspended next monday 
Me? Defeatist? You bet  As defeatist as the muppets standing still around the goal claiming a free kick whist Giggs is left to score 
@ddlovato Demzz Please come to Monterrey With The Jonas Brothers 
@DazzleMeThis Indeed they are....everyone (except us) are out partying 
Working on level three! Having trouble with inspiration, though... 
I'll be so happy when everything is it's place at home. Such a long process though. With no help 
(heartache.) I only did two things in terms of school work. Otherwise everything was dealing with cosplay and overseas business. 
Exhausted &amp; tired of doing homework. I think I will stop soon after I finish this essay. Otherwise, my arms will fall off! 
@RitaDLewis Because my head is pounding....This advil is just not working... 
Today getting ready and packing for #EuroDjangoCon Also have to finalise my tax returns 
@euniqueflair I love BMWs. Apparently the price of cars have fallen so bad that the price of my MX5 in 2008 can now buy a 3 series. 
@eastcoastvegas I hope you come back.  Otherwise it'll be very boring late nights   That's DooDoo
@lastkaled I liked your picture. Except that you look about 10 years younger than me in it which just isn't fair 
Is there any way to get in_reply_to details in the search API? If not, this project just became substantially more annoying. 
@gaynz I'm afraid he does. Pretty awful song. Although the Irish entry was pretty turgid, so I can hardly talk. 
Feels like she's been in the car foreverrrr .. Having a bad day 
I hope I can do my driving exam in the next 2 month. Otherwise I won't be able to go that roadtrip with my bf 
is trying to think straight. Logically. But is failing 
I just burnt a casserole, I didn't think it was possible. However if you leave it cooking for 7 hours it burns  oops
@RanjeetC Freaking out? Because of the ticketstuff or something else? I have to study.  But my boyfriend's coming over this evening. 
Not sure if that was a crack head or a zombie wandering down the street. Either way, it scared the shit outta me. 
@darthfenix you hadn't heard of it because I didn't tell you, because you always know before I do. Except this time. I missed my chance 
@themib Gutted, our bad luck sure does continue  Though was kinda to be expected against Liverpool
It's nice when u wake up to better weather then u expected.  Although yard work is back on the table 
@coffeeplus Yes love that one. Apparently it was on last night n I missed it 
thanks @Leatrice! Already here and found out the hard way!! It's overcast, but nice out 
@BrittKay left me  What a short visit! Sadness. Also, I want my foodz. Dx lmao
On the last page of my paper!  Whoopee!  Also, I have a craving for chicken fingers, but no way to go out and get some 
@EdLeafe I guess that works too. Still, it is bad UI. There is no way to know this intuitively. You have to read about it. 
ugh i have a ridiculous amount of cleaning to do today...  lacking motivation to do it. Knowing me ill start at 11:30pm :-p #fb
@brooklyn11218 Are you kidding? Knowing how you are with your keys, you'd probably leave me somewhere 
@CodyDaigle I wish i were on bourbon street with you! Instead I'm starving and stamping out copy in the newsroom. 
@GuyHagi Pukalani light winds and voggy. Heard the landfill was shut down due to bio-diesel tanker fire. Otherwise, doing house chores. 
I needs a boy friend...  Being this alone kinda hurts. Never been kissed... Though heart broken.
@ce54r turn it off then on? Already did that, no bueno. 
@soundsofsight You know whats funny about the appendix? it has absolutely no known use to our bodies. Besides giving us appendicitis. 
@loquaciousmuse Saaaaaame. There's no way I'm seeing it anytime soon 
@mattycus You know what? For me it would be to not join a raiding guild. It was a catalyst in my relationship not working out. 
Tired. Very tired. Unfortunately I don't want to go to sleep. Maybe I should though. Still sick btw. 
@PeteMoring how are you pete moring? what u been up to? After nice sunny warm days it rained and got cold again 
@newandgreenbaby Likewise! My feet hurt 
My alarm didn't sound this morning, so I'm way late  Though I still found some time to check twitter before I left for work ;)
The weekend was to short  However I played to Afro Samourai and just for the music you must play on it.
@Felitherandom Because it WAS shaaandi_archie. But it changed back to my original name. And I don't know why. 
Off to see my nephew! Yay! Also, breakdown cover has come through for car so can now phone them and get them to make it work 
I can't wake up.  For reals, I've been hitting snooze for an hour.
There will be messy weather later on in the afternoon. Having the cloudy weather really isnt any better at all though. 
I got the Vineyard Conference blues...As in I'm not able to attend this year 
poor Homer.  There was a stupid retard bunny on the deck and he lunged at the glass sliding door and hurt his front paw and is limping.
@selves yes! Although my ankle is the killer, i have a bad ligament 
I hate being sick and missing school. Why? Because its so amazingly BORING all by yourself.   &amp;peace.
Bah, I have almost forgotten that project on DataBases. There goes the rest of my day 
1/2 day @work 2day paperday. Stressing gotta figure out how to move pass this road block that has my mind gone, can't sleep 
@MDSteelerGal no. Because i didnt wanna eat them by myself...*thinking bout those jeans* 
One blown tire has turned into replacing all four  Apparently Mustangs eat tire treads...
Djin at vaughn's who reads this crap no one comes in to visit me    Whatever I will just get wasted...
@skip56 Yard signs might be more affordable...Although some cities may not allow it  
Damnit, I want @qik &amp; @ustream to unite and create a helluva live-streaming video app. Why won't they!? Because they're dumb. That's why. 
Somehow, sundays turn out to be most depressing 
@mkelly0702 yes, one of my profs spearheaded it... and I think he'd figure it out. Besides I don't have another $100 to drop on a phone. 
@nicksantino  I have to miss you next saturdayy. Already going through withdrawal. -sniffle-
Finally home! But I'm extra sickk  ...but a pretty sweeet ride back. Whatever..goodnight
@NicolaWwilts Still awake.   Having some decaf tea to try to soothe me but to now avail. I know why: stupid me had a glass of Pepsi earlir
Bubbled on second. Even for the night 
It's quarter to 4, why am I up? At least I can sleep in tomorrow...the only plans for the day is our final roommate/family dinner! 
:3 Up and ready for a full day of doing noithing. Apart from finishing new picture, animation, more guitar, tiding my rooms. And homework 
Listening to Paramore!! Also doing a very long art essay!  But hey. Looks like it won't rain for once!!
Today was good! Until I forgot my moms card in capris carrrr! 
blogflat is down... For 5 hours now 
About to head into the office again. Clear one set of shelves, then pack equipment from lab. Then...done! Except for unpacking... 
@BenPlouviez For some of us it *is* a work day 
I can't believe how much my hours have been cut!! While others hours are full time??!?! I need a new job! or at least part time! 
Yay!!! After an hour drive down this god damn mountain, I finally have service!!!! To bad no one will be home when I get there 
@maritxp They always make me feel lonely, like I live in a big city. Eventhough I don't 
throat hurts from yelling days of the week.  Already miss rugby 
@Aleenia I couldn't teleport to the Ronark Land Base,Because K0xpers are waiting in my own town  I decided to give up the game..
@CheshireGrimace Lol. There's nothing to eat here...  looks like i'm dying.
@ashleighmaegan Too late!  Already done. 
@xLucyloox Likewise, its Annoying init 
I've never been so sunburned in my life. Except for that time in fourth grade. I'm still red though. I hate texas weather! 
I hear ya, love. Except I've had week-drop + crazy subdrop... rt @nayali: is experiencing 'weekend drop.' 
In the kitchen making home-made yogurt.  Already messed up the first batch by burning the milk. 
@nygrl1914 I agree.. Although I hear she only works with children now 
@Ericto144 Thanks! Unfortunately I can't leave early because of the workload  Just gonna take it easy at work.
@VegasBill never a bad one. Unless you count my contributions to the local economy via craps table   But even that was fun
Wow, I am not feeling this episode of Fraiser at all. Also, I can't sleep. 
@TravisKing  okay. Whatever you say.
Ugh.  Apparently I remote accessed my home computers too much, now the internet is all gone.  
Oh man, now I'm conflicted.  Apparently one grad school really likes me.  And I haven't even applied there yet 
YES!!! I finished the bottle!!! Though the outcome of this triumph will quickly end in defeat 
@AdamWillis For a whole week? You need more than cliff bars, hon.... 
@commie_girl  Where are you?  Both you and LIsa left me.... 
Sleepless in Cape Town.... YAWN... Yet another cold day to add to the list.  Already wishing summer was here! 
I want to be at MK  If only I could drive and had a car.
@LeoTheWoodlouse As a child i was fascinated by your cousins in my parents garden, although unlike you most where not very chatty. 
@boyfromthestars yeah. For all the wrong reasons 
Soo tied.  If today is any better than yesterday I'll be happy.
Soo tired.  If today is any better than yesterday I'll be happy.
@mirz112 @Irvdarealdeal @sbaby82 Thanks. Having a qtr life crisis. The gig isn't doing it 4 me. Live in the wrong place 2 do what I wanna 
@rellish3214 I am so jealous!! I only have 20 days of class left though! Also, good luck saturday I don't think ill make it 
Still upset ablout the turnout of the Caps game last night  Nonetheless, great season Washington!
Ugh my right eye can't stop twitching. According to the interwebs it may be caused by a lack of sleep or stress. It's prolly the latter 
Somehow hurt my neck; breaking out the co-codamol  #fb
Levi- Having the time to be creative has become a luxury for me. You really don't appericeate it untill you don't have it. 
@freenabella depends on my brother, whether he can clears off some time for me on his busy schedule. Besides him, no one wanna go with me 
@TheMightyFoz Somehow, I kinda like that new avi much better than the one just before. But I miss your warm and cuddly self 
@KoreanCelt &lt;sigh&gt; No. At work for another hour and 20 min.  I swear as soon as I get there I'm gonna guzzle! (Responsibly.)
Backup drive can't be fixed  Suddenly my double-backup policy doesn't seem like such a waste. Luckily HD is still under warranty.
@Sandyybabyy awww. Without me  I'm hurt!
Just added up how much I spent today. Considering I didn't get funding for this fall I better start cutting back on stuff! 
@Aloemilk Apparently they were really cracking down at the time that I screwed up. *sigh* 
Awake, still tired though. As usual. Allergies are getting worse, can't breath through my nose anymore 
Ooh my seedlings are growing! Although the ones on the floor have gone all spindley and long probably from light deprivation 
Someone burned a whole in my blanket.  i don't even smoke. D: If i did, it would most definitely not be in my room
@Taddy69 As usual 
@DeXimE Agreed! Those look disgusting! 
It's raining so heavily that there will be no apple tree planting today.I don't like the rain  Although it's good for the grass seeds.
@CannonGod so do I! it looks so fun &amp; will tone my thighs what's too loose? However, me cannea affordey atm 
Still down with that bloody cold! Since WEDNESDAY now... but I will go back to work tomorrow... even I can still barely breathe or speak 
@itsJohno @mattGarner If only I got an EMA 
And I wished it was a meteorite.  We need a superman, or a batman, or something. Like for real. Having optimus prime around ain't too bad
Tweetdecking it up Because DT is failing on me. 
Somehow hurt her thumb 
@DenisGobo Although - State of Fear is on my book case, I've yet to read it 
Off to church with my poor crippled wife. Having her sit by the sidewalk with a tin cup to raise cash may fall through - almost better. 
Is converting his entire dvd collection to electronic format to go onto my ps3! However work calls 
@Reema226 Because I actually forgot that I had a life. That too a highly happening one 
A little early for me!! But headin to holllllllywooood! For a tour hahaaa muahaha I have puffy eyes from marley n me 
Before: http://twitpic.com/5d9go After:  http://twitpic.com/5d9i4 . So bored that i decided to clean my desk up 
So I got screwed for the overall.. Even though I won 2/3 events.. Tied with some local kid for overall and they gave it to him 
yay 62 followers! still waiting for 63, u know who I'm talking about. Also waiting for my friend to bring me some soup and hot tea. 
So hot! Already 
LOCKED. Since I was 22 mins late &amp; they meet in a public school, I don't blame 'em. Still, I'm now 1 for 3 today. 
@EtsyDeals what movie did you see? Having a toddler, I never get to see them at the theater anymore 
@WeTheTRAVIS Apparently it's going to be raining 
Some really amazing art. Hard to pick favorite. Although, I must admit a few I could not see why they were there-sorry. 
@ladybehave tres exciting. Albeit it the prosepect of more window prep in the morrow is not over exciting me in the slightest. 
It's a b-e-a-utiful day outside. At work 
It's such a gloomy rainy day I just want to curl up in bed. Instead I have to be up doing things 
That sucked. Instead of helping my mom I wondered were my cat was  dumb earthquake
No Squib screencast tonight  Having issues with the statistics panel making everything drag like a 1973 station wagon. tomorrow perhaps.
@TrevorIsNotAToy Because ur a meanie!! 
I can't afford this.  If the fracture is above the elbow, she needs surgery. What do I do?
@whitsundays You poor *sausage*! LOL  If I could I would send you a pack - but don't think they would enjoy the flight! 
@wangmin1928 I never got to go to Harbin  Perhaps next time.
Brain won't work anymore. must be time for bed. Until pug gets me up at 4 or so.  http://ff.im/-2ZHMk
Food shopping, gym and work today should be good. Except for having to hear about people bitchin bout me at work 
@RHiccups that it is. Unless you have work 
@fuzzy76 Agree. As it is now, We can get conversations or reach. We cannot talk in groups. 
Tip of the day: Having your disks mirrored does not save you from accidentally deleting files 
@XEricaaaaa hahaa have fun!! Somehow I don't think couches like me very much  I have now fallen off one and got stuck down the side!!
@jennday only cause you are in Taree! If you were somewhere exciting you'd forget all about little old me 
@BoyCook ah yes, that's true. Given the current rate of burndown on this Oracle integration, I'd say give me 2 weeks. 
@OliviaBurtt aww you made that AFTER I called you! After this week, cos of stocktake 
feels bad. Somehow a misunderstanding of a poorly executed joke made someone I don't know hate me  How do things like that happen online?
@lilyroseallen HAHA I thought I was the only bugger in the world that thought that! Although I got a slap from the missus...go figure 
Mathsmathsmaths my poor mathematical brain hurts.  Although it's going okay. Apart from the brainhurt.
@Antoniablue Knowing me, thinking about it is probably as far as I'll get... 
Just looked at the temperature...still no Maymont. After all the hype I still only got pix from the internet of it 
@DaProducer06 so ima get my drink when? Because I leave today to go back up top. 
@CmeWebs but we need the rain so I am not complaining. For the last week I have been having serious sleeping problems 
@brassblogs Thanks!! thats awesome! I still need to get the issue! last weekend I checked and it wasn't at B&amp;N Yet 
How many more times will my phone ring before I get out of bed. Clearly not everyone knows I don't go to work till 10. 
@steven_anthony I missed your tweet, sorry.  Regardless, I was at home, working on the car.
@coderedg I feel you my dude.   Ugghh it just sucked that we lost  and I was talking soooo much shit!  Lmfao!  There's always next year...
Nor can Wolfram|Alpha give me advice  http://bit.ly/bPNQu
Just found a place at my glasses, where the color is peeled off. Clearly visible when I look into the mirror. Never happened to me before 
this is not fair. All the schools round herd are off today.. Except ours  goodbye year 11s
@JabbaDow grrrr. Due to starting my job later in the year, I get reduced vacation this year 
Yay weekend!!!!  Although I will probably have to do alot of school work on my assessments 
@FrankieGross. Giiiirl!!! There u go again- jet settin w/o me!!!   u better bring me nxt time!!!!
officially hate technology. Works UPS has failed. All systems down. Therefore sent home due to no work till fixed... stupid technology 
@DebbrArchie Because I haven't seen the dentist in idk how many years. I want my teeth checked. 
Should be packing for the weekend. Instead am looking for a note from my bankaccount 
@GalSaati With who?!?! why didnt you call me?!?! 
im awake ... . After a really traumatic sleep 
@CollingsA - I will be watching&amp;enjoying Maconie on HIGNFY, thanks for the info! Despite the fact that he once called me stupid on radio 
@smeatonpisky shitbags (me, not them), I'm not going to be around in Rochester tonight. Ironically I was in Simply Italian last night 
Confused by all the scrappage deals around at the moment! Convinced dealers have put their prices up!! 
MEMORIAL WEEKEND IS HERE!!!!!!!! After 5pm today 
I think I have damaged my hip at the gym! Therefore, I'm going again today  to finish the job.  Only way to get that replacement! 
Just read that Reaper has been cancelled  Although apparently still in negotiations to syndicate show or sell to cable
Waiting for the month to be up to see what can be done to remedy this. If not then I'm gonna do the sleeping bag thing pretty soon. 
Going for a run wasn't the brightest of ideas, upset my asthma  Though hopefully it will have accelerated this cold/flu type thing.
@Grantelectric Because my sister was supposed to drive me down there but she got in trouble and got her car taken away. 
@IFoughtTheFloor Indeed. The house of the holy trinity shall have to wait a bit longer 
I'm hungry. Apparently my &quot;spill half of dinner on your shorts and the floor&quot; diet has drawbacks beyond staining clothes. 
I hate that nitro room. Aaaaaah! If he only knew, he would've had the dude in charge of that. 
Car-shop just called. As it seems, I need a new brake caliper, a new break-disc and new brake pads. 
off to a warm start at 8:30 am  Having baking day #2, trying to stock pile food before baby comes! and start school. WE NEED to be done!
@GlennFG oooh Chesney, I'm j.  Meanwhile I'll be counting the minutes till Nascar baby!  Haha wish you were coming. 
@oliverthring How much were the mangoes? Considering a trip myself. If only this damn toothache would go away 
@GermainLussier Likewise, I'm sorry you didn't. I know how disappointing that is! 
@Robintosh As your IPR lawyer will tell you, you can't copyright an idea! 
No,really,I'm going to detach myself from you already. Seriously... Besides,you wouldn't notice it anyway. 
@1queer1 Yes, let's work it out :-D. Having little joy with getting hold of people at the moment otherwise which sucks 
Somehow I don't think I'm gonna get what I want for my birthday today 
@shredheads I am! Though only a few times a week 
Today is starting out beautifully! As much as I'm dying for SimonLA for lunch - I'm going to pass  can't screw up my progress!!! ;)
@Hawkbow Even better! It's a gorgeous place, just the kind of place I'd like to live. I can run my biz anywhere, but hubby, not so much. 
I apologize to everyone following my tweets. Instead of happiness, I spread unhappiness....  cant even send an email to BPFurniture...
@PlusSizeMommy Much better now that I got my school stuff out the way! I hate having it hanging over my head all day! 
@brigwyn 5'1~! I am really tiny! :O These are my new ones: http://tinyurl.com/r4mbs4 not as cute 
@BornfortheCity let me know bout that loan! Having so many issues with money for school right now 
@macpug Do you mean you didn't have black widows where you used to live? :-O  There are so many around here. 
@rhettroberts Apart from being at work, I'm well thanks. I hope you're not getting a cold or flu! That would suck 
Somehow we lost our 25mm lens 
I'm sad that I'm tipsy &amp; nobody is getting any    are yall ready for your daily bible verse? Clearly I need some Jesus in my life rt now.
I can't sleep! Therefore I have the giant urge to twitter. I need to stop taking naps for 3 hours.+ then nothing gets done. 
Headed to bed.. Having 2 sick girls with 102 fevers isn't very fun 
@ScharffIsHere  You could always make it private and take off anyone you don't want. Although not gonna lie, I'd be sad about it.
@userealbutter so wish I could go to BlogHer 09  As my mom would say &quot;get a real job first&quot;...is getting a sugar daddy a real job?
@jakeyboy26 I would love to... If I could be with you! 
I feel incredibly lonely. Knowing that I'm the only member in my entire family that's on this side of the country. I really am all alone. 
Zoe just spent the last 45 minutes throwing up after her first dose of Propolin. Hopefully she'll adjust. Otherwise, back to the vet. 
@allaboutpizazz I agree. Although I feel that saying something negative about the trending topics will only make me lose followers.. 
@dennya I want to go again. Though no more G.O.D. Parties 
I am really glad that yesterday is over. 2weeks till vacation @jahmash how was the trip back? Already miss you!  @Swetok get better soon!
We are behind in our painting.... Yet there is nothing coming from the scene shop for us to paint. 
@mrskutcher Even can goods with an expired date is still good.  Use ur brain.  Feed people, don't feed the dumps 
@mutantkat Especially when there's physical pain involved...I mean, there's only so far tylenol &amp; motrin will go (not very!).  I'm sorry. 
Cut my toe on the chair...While I was sitting doing... NOTHING.And its bleeding pretty bad  eww  a huge piece of skin hanging off of it!!!
So jealous that you have been on set. Even if they didn't tret you well  The documentary and last episode aired
ugh. Having some pain in the abdomin area again. Not cool! 
@ddlovato Since obviously living in Alaska, only a few radio stations we get here. 
@JustDes As it is now, my body has already developed a mind of it's own but that mind refuses to co-operate with set schedules 
@Wolfie85 @christelmcr Ah  sameway Yet,@mikeyway has 2006 votes ((.We need more vote :'D
@davidaKaplan As do I  Leopold says hello.
There is something wrong with me! I'm so tired I can barely keep my eyes open. Yet all I've done for the last 3hrs is toss &amp; turn in bed 
@irkengir No. As a result, the salary is a decrease 
@sophiatam haha yea! Just working and chillin in the eastbay. Unlike u, I don't get a summer break  boo
#Ferber As happens every few days, Rohan woke up unhappy at midnight.  The good/bad news is that I was still awake, due to afternoon nap
My mind is playing tricks or me!...or could it be? Either way this ish is on my mind heavy and in sleepy 
1am, quietly tidying up after dinner party. Whilst closing tupprwre lid, centre island in my kitchen collapses! Wakes baby. Mayhem ensues 
@almcheese alms ur tweets r all delicious. Haha! Since its about foodddd... Anyway gatau nih aku mau pindah dr binus 
@CajoleJuice Likewise. But I don't know anyone who uses gtalk and the likes so I'm not holding much hope 
Overslept. While the extra sleep was nice, it does play havoc with the days to-do list. 
@ceichstaedt I guess it'll work under fusion. Otherwise you'll have to boot directly to Vista just to do some online banking, which sucks 
Managed to find a bottle of Pimm's! If only we had the weather to go with it 
Its payday! Yay! For all the good it does. Bills bills bills....I'm broke again already 
@hjn119 you can crash, you will just have to drive alone  Besides... I can't crash, I gotta work! LOL ;)
@evanlyoko Yay! At least I'll get to see you next year! I'm sad, too. 
@KarenAlloy I cried like a baby when we had to put our cat down 2 years ago...  For tears of happiness watch this http://bit.ly/qLwbe 
@Extrange I'm totally impressed!  I could only wish to be an otaku!  Instead...I just get horrible nosebleeds when I see bishonen 
@iamdiddy yes I do! Because he is going to the marines to protect &amp; serve and leaving me! 
@tylercrex my power went out as well.. Except I'm in nor cal 
@BonesNeko_UK That sucks! I had my exams be4 half term so It's all good. Although they were major subjects now I have languages and stuff 
@deevazquez Lol. She's offering me a case of guiness!  can you one up her? If you buy me two I'll stay. Let's start the bidding wars
I wanna Karaoke!  Instead...I get to go to work  Lameness
@mann95 nooooo  who is it? I'm gonna beat them up! Unless it's someone important.. *thinks of new name*
@PeterPanik hm... Both of us I guess... 
Somehow I have yet to accomplish a fucking thing. 
Too much food at today's company gill out, want to go home and lay in the sun. Instead here until dark, probably 
@caniszczyk Agreed! Though Eclipse apps hinder collecting the heap dump by catching OOME. Had to muck about in JConsole 
Almost made it to reading comedy outlet. Headlining all weekend. Only took me 2 extra hours with traffic. Basically doubled my time. 
So... Inconclusive. There's still a chance i'll need surgery. I see the doctor again in 3 weeks for more x-rays. 
Just an observation: Aside from the riverwalk, there are pretty much no cute girls in downtown sa 
@ritzybee yes - it has put a damper on us &quot;getting to know&quot; Georgetown! Instead he is watching tv and I am catching up on invoices. 
Musically, these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear... not so good. 
@cageyjames Nope, won't be  .. Although I am not sure I want to go!
@GrowWear Unfortunately for us it looks like there are NO funny people on twitter  Should we move to FB or start our own...flitter
@siwhitehouse Didn't work for me  Except when I used the word autofollow and got followed by an bot selling an autofollow program.
@LorrisB As appealing as that is and the fact I would hop on it pretty quick, I dont wanna impose on your sacred bday hun with ur friends 
@catrionat7 Yes yes Is. Ima Guna Be On For a While Lol. 
@honk4peace Yes, we do love and miss you @ChubbyGayMan Others have told me privately too 
Somehow I have managed to sober up and now I remember how crap I felt pre drink 
@NaomiER Having a bad day actually  but your cd keeps my spirits lifted
I was trying to find my way to the car @ the university. However, my tom-tom was wrong-wrong, and made me walk twice as long-long. 
I'm missing my handsome man. I love his smell on my pillows. It helps me sleep. However.....its starting to fade. 
We involved in an accident.Luckily no one hurt but our car is seriously damage  Cancel today's plan.
i?C.B+T.H|| I ish sad  Because im listening to a sad song 
just on, finished watching Knowing.. damn cool.. I'm a sucker for suspense music.. getting all jolty blah blah 
I am trying to burn movies off of ethan's computer but he has a compaq and so its bein stoopid... Whatever will i do 
@MrBigDreams oh no.. If they lose imma be very saddened  but I'm sure u will be happy!
Granted I couldn't count earlier, but now, honestly, I have to be up in 4 hrs. Do not feel tired at all. 
Chelsea Lately time! Surprisingly, I'm a little disappointed that &quot;TGND&quot; isn't on tonight  uh oh hahaha
@MrTweet_Alert Because I spelled it wrong    @MajorDodson
@PhoenixRed The theory is to tone down AoE spam by increasing ST dmg.  However healing aint' keeping up with it 
I just had the best god damn dream ever! Until I woke up    anyone care for a hug? I do! I do!
At Beta nightclub. Clearly i'm the oldest person here. 
@NKFan1 I wanted to meet up with the other Nor Cal girls, but I don't like driving to the city alone. I'd probably get lost again! 
That LuvChat crap was stupid.. Obviously fake 
Devans annoying me. Since he doesn't like tlking 
@Mezzie1221 no. Whatever i get it you don't love me! 
@Brainix I here you there  As long as we continue to vote on electronic voting machines.. we are SCREWED #tcot
Nuggets are out...Wow ... Whatever --- waited to tweet but can't--tryn to sleep, just cannott  .. This suckss....(IMU .. Always ...)
@owlcity I wish I was still at the concert! I miss you! Haha. If you actually read these, I'm sorry I keep spamming you. 
Trains hate me. Yet again another taxi to manchester picadilly 
Emily loaned me a giant pile of books tonight. I'm so freakin' excited. Though my contact is currently giving me loads of pain. 
@lemezma business is very good thank you... Having to turn work down  good for you too I imagine?
Another night to ask myself if he still thinking about me or wondering if he will call me or should i call him? Knowing what I did 
@DeepXP  The 4 lights on the model that control my life ... Already switched one connection to local cable @arcopolc  broadband #FAIl
Feel like I should go out for a healthy walk in the sun. However secretly I want to sit in the garden relaxing  #fb
What do I have to do right now? I think she knows. Yet I don't wanna know. There must b some way out. 
@Pinguicha I see, I see... Although I can't play it yet. I'm a sad owner of Service Pack 1. 
I'm still awake watching Forensic Files. Usually drinking a machiatto knocks me out but I can't sleep.  I gotta get up for work in 5 hours
@ps_imDAM but whaaaaaat?! Clearly its not! bitch I woke up at like 7:20 &amp; couldn't go back 
@arvindsharma hey..how r you?? Having fever since 2 days 
@twitt3rbox first off live your app  1 question, why does your app always load tweets from 41days ago? Also mark as read never works 
I love my bed!!! If only I had someone to share it with sometimes 
@morphiine  because it takes away the time from my work/daughter/husband/sleep. Hence, proved.
Wondering why I can't get my picture to upload   Besides being ugly
@acydrx your absence from my life!  It makes me so sad pandaish. Also, the drinking was for my mom's birthday... That is all.
@moorlandgirl HAHA Somehow I think my neighbours have seen it all anyway as I am always forgetting to shut the curtains when dressing 
@t_isfortammy That is no good at all! Although I must admit, I'm running out as well. One bottle and a glass left 
@jasonsteel yea, just another day though  At least I wont be bothered by anyone.
About to head to McDs. I'm hungry and spoiled. Normally my mgr buys me breakfast and she's not here yet 
I need a new career.  Suggestions?  Already tried out for circus freak, but just wasn't short enough for midget bowling 
@ji_ric So I only manage the colour if I'm extra careful and have lots of time. Otherwise I turned lobster-red  .
@Rrarra According to the news, classes won't be suspended in spite of the flu 
@Rrarra According to the news, classes won't be suspended in spite of the flu 
@nanpalmero This is my personal I don't get it on a BES... Yet its didn't my restore calendar or a bunch of other options  this is new
@BostonTweet sounds like fun. Already have plans tho. 
If hubby would just buy coffee like a normal person I could have a cup now. Instead he buys beans and I have no idea how to make a cup 
Really Bad Head  Knowing N.M is finished filming is making me impatient for the finished product &gt;
@Eedabadee I think there is a genetic dancing trait for Latinas. Unfortunately, not for Latino men. 
I need a nap. Instead, working sooo long. 
@jeepjenn well hellooooo sleepovers!!  :-D  For some reason I'm seeing hardly any of your tweets.    I have to go to your page to see them
@hillas  go get some. For me?
@Scaraboo  Due to the lack of a universal concierge service, I am sending healing vibes in lieu of chocolates, cake and a decent plonk.
@JonathanRoumie I totally made those pancakes last fall. They're good... Even though pancakes make me sick 
ok.  So I blew that one.  Clearly had a brain fart.  Upside?  Picked up some Indian food for dinner.  Except that I want to eat it now 
What About Faitytales? If they were true Christian still being here. He was absolutely my blue prince 
@animealmanac I'd like to hear more details about how the file was gotten a hold of. If someone just guessed the filename shame on Funi 
ooh cant watch bgt until my guests have gone. meh. Otherwise I'll know whos won 
I never realized how many problems I have... Until last night.. WOW! Changes are being made asap 
2 Grand Werent As Good As Before 
I missed Flawless!   who was after/before them??? Though, tea was bloody brilliant!!!
Also I am losing faith in the reply. Although new post apply to messages I have yet to get a reply and now that i think of it a mention 
Watching BGT, but really wishing I was at a BZ concert. Having withdrawls. 
Powderpuff was pretty interesting. Aside from seeing a certain someone 
@dubbayoo No  Already awake and dogs pottied, methinks I need food. Always moar food!
@FamousPigeon agreed! Especially when you can't afford to eat regularly. And sucks when you get low bloodsgr and sweat from no food 
I'm SOOO tired!! However, lots of cleaning calls to me and I must heed her call 
Wishes her man would jus make his mind up and stop PMTing. Currently eating blackjacks and feeling down  xx
I need hugs and cuddles today. And kisses on my nose and forehead. Having a bad day 
@GrahamHill am waiting for it with baited breath! Already feeling faint, pls dont make me wait longer  #SDL #scrm ;)
@Convinced can a sista get a hand massage?  sheesh lol
I wanna be drunk..... I wanna be out.... Instead I am sober, Instead I am watching tele.. 
Oh... Balenthia.    Until we meet again. I've enjoyed being able to watch you more this season and become more crazed.  It was inevitable.
I'm confused. Normally, everyone should be happy in this situation, but I am not 
It's weird not having a computer at home.I really need to buy one,soon! Until then,will catch up occasionally from other locations!  sad!
I'm so glad that Diversity won! Though I am sad Stavros Flatley didn't 
Just dropped my mom off at the airport!  I love my mom! She's the best! After 2 weeks here, I feel like I don't kno what to do w/ myself.
@markmahabir Suffice to say, they've met my expectations... 
@Convinced I have something diff on my history channel 
so sad, over 40 whales beached themselves at Kommetjie. Even when they were helped back out to sea, they came back and beached again 
@Cindyhm1 Have fun in Coronado! Although the weather has been unseasonably gloomy 
Suppose to leave no later than 3. It is 5. 550 miles to drive. Saying goodbye to those you love sucks. 
@Cvrst_Drums Well the convention center is there!  Although if I roadtrip it down, I will have my car, so that would broaden my options.
So difficult to find a decent, seamless floral pattern for free.  Unless I'm missing something.
I wish my mommy was @ home instead of RV'n. I really need a mothers touch 2dy. Since I dnt have a man 
@Kayleetanner Since when, it was gorgeous a few hours ago 
@MazzyBabe haha me too! Except this week  I have finals... I gotta study sooo hard. xp
@NessRN no actually I didn't. Hence the burn. I thought I'd be safe for am hour in the morning 
@Cianmm I'd say less than 0.000001%. Unless my sister can get it... Which is less likely 
Sometimes I think, why do we have to wake up? For once, I was the lucky one in a mcfly related event  for once. @tommcfly @dougiemcfly
I just helped out a group of jewish kids, that's how good of a guy I am! Although I burned myself in the process. 
My brother must hate me. He didn't answer his phone  and he didn't call me back. Either that or he's sleeping or at work. ;)
@meghan01 Because they were so good.  They got our cup! 
@slinn13 and I at go kart races. We bet mints I stole from the Grad party on #15 and #88. Needless to say she won  http://mypict.me/296I
@op_pineapple Does that include how to make twitter behave? Because I keep getting kicked off tonight... 
Actually @fastasyoucan he did act as if a part of him was missing tonight. He was super bummed. As was I. That u weren't there  cya tomo?
Somehow the teams I tend to root for seem to disappoint me and never go all the way! I cant seem to feel somewhat responsible 
Somehow the teams I tend to root for seem to disappoint me and never go all the way! I cant help but to feel somewhat responsible 
@quiltcetera The stuff I have is cut already.. I need white fabric to continue  Otherwise I would totally jump on that.
@ba1L33 If they get it... still a few financing problems. 
@angelzilla I know and that makes me sad  I dont want him to grow up.. Clearly I need a baby with downs that lives at home forever..
@memith Indeed! *quivery lip* 
@Flamov haha yeahhh! Whatever happened to WiiMotionPlus? &gt;.&lt;! 
@FabulousAshley i hope so...or i might just give up on that Happily Ever After 
@J4yZ33 Needless to say, it was *me* who got pwned. Both on the geetar, and on the drums. 
@Blackberrygirl7 if it wasn't 4 love I'd b in bed! ... After 2night mike and I will b on oppisite life schedules 
@FabulousAshley i know...but this queen just might have to run the castle on her own  Happily Ever After is only a teardrop away...oh well
Letting a friend drive me home tonight. Except we aren't singing &quot;girl, you got what I need&quot; in the cab. Not as fun as the commercial 
@iamjunade SYDNEY?! WHAAT? Since when? :| You just went to ascend the last time ah ! WHOA ! 
Yay glad Diversity won. Though I wanted flawless or aidan 
@ScottBandy Except it is!!! For about a week now...I even direct msg'd u &amp; never got a reply! 
@Asherrobinson Yay! Also, im still scared from that movie.  Ahh!
Wants her legs to realize that they are supposed to walk. Yet another wheelchair day. 
&quot;Up&quot; was great, amazing, and spectacular... I didn't expect it to be so sad though. Especially that my weakness are old people. 
@bleongcw Better the one hit than none at all. Though fame is a funny thing... it can cut you off from a lot of what life has to give 
I cannot believe!! Already up!!...the sound that woke me up? :&quot;pffhpffhpffh...pffhpffhpfhh&quot;of a steamer 
I can never really do the things I wanna do. Because of $. 
....They say, if u love them set them free &amp; if they return they're yours forever. Thus far my socks have never returned from the laundry 
@lilyroseallen That looks soooo nice. Instead, i am inside revising for maths! 
@JoiningTheWar @KiwiiKink It's just not been the best days lately. Therefore any dream's been better than reality, no matter how crappy 
Noisy songbirds woke me up! Evidently angry with me about the feeder being low.  
wishing I was headed to E3... There is always next year 
@Mendelt I deleted my previous reply because it could be read very differently from what I mentioned. After reading it myself 
@cpnichol D: at work...my second job sucks more than my first! Also no mangos 
@Eggyolked heck ya! Whatever hotdish you want. 10pm dinner was not good for my 'diet' 
The greatest difficulty of travel is that one is forced to take oneself along... At work as usual. 
Most depressing thing said to me yesterday? Whilst putting on suncream 'don't forget the receeding bits of your forehead' 
 It seems when I'm single, I wake up promptly at 9am. Whereas when I'm not, I sleep terribly late. So odd. :\
@casademora Not sure if I will have time today.  BDay for me, my son and his friend are taking me golfing  . After that I do not know.
@quinn_keshalyi she isn't but she lives not far from the venue on brisbane.  it's not meant to be. Unless I win d contest.
@vickixashton nope, you never  lol. Unless you propper hid them somewhere :|
LOL yay free cabinet? Somehow home depot gave us an extra. Even helped us load the extra in the truck...guess I have to take it back 
Somehow I scratched my Bolds bezel  why do these things happen to me
@risha_ I can't even get into VB  Even the server monkeys are mourning   
@anngetty That sucks.  When do you get another vacation? Hardly seems fair...
You know it was a good night when you shutter @ your toothpaste. :-\ i need a keymaster while i drink. For my phone. AND my life.  ugh
@slmar  Yes its #NEWO Finally found the spot to change to HRM but now its refusing to update my info 
I can see and hear people sat outside on the grass. Meanwhile, law revision continues in my tiny room with little natural light. 
@bubblet0ess ya  it was so damn good...  Whatever.
@Nadriina Besides, I've been looking forwards to that conversation for weeks 
is sat on her bed, listening to music. However i should be revising for my exams 
@bortflancrest Yay! I've totally been having withdrawals. Whatever happened to fun people? 
@bortflancrest Yay! I've totally been having withdrawals. Whatever happened to fun people? 
@CatoQ Indeed you are. I used to have a teacher who was the spitting image of TinTin, he never really like us pointing that out tho  lol
Somehow made it to the elite and cuff last night with a bunch of runners! Hung over and my neck is covered with suction marks!!   
@MissMary Even me? 
@rms70  I'm back inside packing, moving house next week. I bet u don't wanna leave Milan. At least you're coming back to sun!
@amandapalmer That's not fair. Since I'm a guy if I flash people I end up in jail.  
@funmiosiyale Wooohoooo! Also I am not in any way prepared for maths, so I am just gonna fail 
@ALauderdale Except eel... It makes my tummy hurt 
Registered for #JavaOne and got the kit. Unfortunately, only paying alumni get the jacket. Since I have a speaker pass, I don't get one! 
@alexandra_42 YES!!!! i missed it a bit. Its better than facebook thats for sure. Except for the word limit 
@selenagomez  I'm sorry. I hope everything gets better or works out for you! Whatever it needs to do!
@mariawinther Somehow the crap at a cinema 45 mins away doesn't appeal much - where did all the good films go??!? 
Filling up backyard pool for the first time this year -wondering what toxic chemicals it's made out of.  At least have my safe  sunscreen!
thinking of straightening my hair.. Except everyone enjoys seeing it naturally curly 
Ugh my neighbor just said he was going to shoot my dog. Because she was barking. 
wondering how you can go to bed tired at 10.30p, &amp; still be awake at 1.30a? There's no joy in that.. just more tiredness in the morning.. 
Really sucks when this happens. Especially when it wasn't intentional. I shouldn't be so upset about it but alas, I am. I'm a softy. 
My sister didn't make chocolate muffins like she promised this weekend. Instead she went to a friends house while I went to work. 
@hushsoundislove Good for you! Although now after writing about it and bashing it I want to watch it more than ever...  haha
Always nice when parents cook an amazing dinner... just for them  Whatever, I have too much schoolwork to do to eat anyway *sigh*
the lack of sleep is catching up to me  Except I took a nap and I haven't woken up yet. Now does that make any since?
@SeBESTian No, I'm not very smart.  (Either that or I don't take the time to watch crummy music videos -- oh snap!  )
@kevinmadison I can't dm you. Since you're  not a follower. 
Just got back from a great weekend in TO to find out my pal lost my 9 yr old dog! Already called spca etc.. out now to hopefully find her 
@jordansgrrl  aww. As long as we  are not tryin to grill in the rain.
@silent_goodbyes It's not on for me  Since the Penguins are playing tonight, it's a local pregame thing.
@girlblake sorry to leave a bag of cherry pits on your floor  ...Although I did enjoy hanging out with you guys and finishing them off!
@TokioHotel4LYF oohh I can't understand very well 'cause i speak spanish, and I understand more the write english than If I hear it 
either has a bad cold or hay fever, or maybe even both! Either way i feel shit! 
@mp3mad Indeed. And I start my insurance classes tomorrow so I have to go to bed early 
@DenaCeleste : Because it was sad 
Hasn't had a time to herself in so long! Yet so much more work to be done  hmm...what a drag
no no no no no no no no no no no there's no limit. Having that song in your head makes it hard to sleep. 
@Palm European launch happening in next 3 months? Otherwise I'll have to start looking at what the competition has to offer.. 
Who wants to join me in a boycott of spray sunscreen?!?! Clearly doesn't fully cover  http://twitpic.com/6dlvo
2nd marathon completed! However my phone stopped workiNg this morn, so if you've tried to reach me and haven't heard back that is why! 
@CobwebsStir It's a date! However, I'm hard to cook for. I'm allergic to gluten. No wheat, rye, barley, or oats  It makes me sad.
Somehow I've managed to miss a bunch of @ replies. sorry tweeple 
@DebbieBarth After I finish Aphrodite's Book of Secrets and i reinvent the Tarot. Both of these are taking a lot longer than anticipated 
@DanielManzanare UGH that makes it such a hard decision!   I'm going to vote for both. Even if that defeats the whole purpose of voting.
How can a bus coming from a tiny village be so consistently late? Yet another connection missed 
Going kind of stir-crazy in the apartment. Considering walking down to Denny's, but unfortunately that would not be a good idea. 
@tepreece No.  I guess its like buyers remorse. Except it's &quot;Being a bitch of the queen&quot; remorse. And I don't like it one bit.
@unclelauren Don't worry about it. Despite being really good I have put on again. I am destined to be mega-fat forever 
Should be sleeping. Messin' around with delicious instead. Clearly I need more of a life. 
Trying to upload our latest episode. Having internet connection problems 
finally made it to the office after the gong show that was PVG.  Even after three mid-travel naps I am still a little sleepy 
I think I am having a case of caffeine overdose  Having a headache now after the second cup of coffee
Battling an awful windows deployment system. Given time and a new contract, I KNOW I can do better. 
@sweetL80 playlists though   Either whole albums or shuffle if I'm drunk. I hate people telling me what to listen to. Mychoicenottheirs!!!
@maaaaddy Don't get me wrong, i do love me some rain. Its just I hate it when we are at school. Having to be outside in the cold, brr 
@clintcutie14 WoOoOW! As in my jaw drops when i saw the teaser... I really cant wait too! wish all of us hexa can watch it 
@featheroflead I didnt say it was fun   SOON! Promise. Because &quot;basically... at the end of the day&quot;, I miss the H. And that sentence lol
@kiwilala got an infection In my foot. So I'm not allowed to get out of bed.. Besides the fact I can't even walk.. 
@CathyLAnderson Though the sun is moving and laptop is in the sun.  Looking for a better shaded spot.
On my way to connecticut. Already dreading being on the road again. 
Omfg. Apparently I got on the slowest train in the history of the world. Also I don't have an umbrella.  not the best start..
@stardiver I still hope that since the BBC hasn't confirmed at date, that they'll air before us in the States. Because 7/20 is far away 
My heart goes out to the families of the victims who crashed in the Atlantic. Especially those of the 7 kids and 1 baby 
Yay Pushing Daisies is back on! Even though it's cancelled... 
@KaarinE Shortage of DPS or shortage of knowing left from right? Either way, that sucks 
Slowly dealing with the possibility of my 2 1/2 year relationship being over. After an argument he said &quot;you're dead to me&quot;.  It hurts 
@davidmacho Yay!  Somehow, you dropped from my following list.    I added you back!
Somehow I gained two pounds over the weekend.  How in the heck did that happen?  
AAAAHHHHHHHHH! Tmr they having some sort of Sims gathering at Iluma. If only I could go. 
I detest weaknesses I have no control over  Unlike not being able to control shoe binging. That's not a weakness.
My gmail spam filter &quot;broke&quot; over the weekend. Either gmail can fix it, or I'll have to abandon the account 
@SI_PeterKing I think I think mangini isn't getting enuff cred 4 his camp.  Instead blame 4 team-building and showing rookies 2 give back 
Frio. For the non spanish speaking in freeeeezing 
Another beautiful day on LI. Apparently though I missed the memo that drivers making lefts have the right away to those going straight. 
eeek I wish I knew when the Microsoft briefing thing was and what channel G4 is for me. Since it's such a shit channel, I have no clue  
oh wow. So basically I'm not gonna talk for the rest of the day.  Except for tonight. I have a phone call to make ;)
@jenn_if_er It was ok. I was in recovery mode during most of it thanks to an ovarian cyst that ruptured   Except for that it was great!
@PeaceLoveJonas_ Because a plane has gone missin over the atlantic  andd i said u because u asked me how i was so i asked how u are lol x
@DalydeGagne As long as they are fresh off the vine (with this weather could be a while)..  
@parentsmagazine could be cover babies - http://bit.ly/FtEr6 After looking at those I don't know if she will make it  
Running in this heat not recommended! Although falling over and getting stung by a nettle probably didn't help  #fb
@iamyoushouldtoo 27th. It's near me and I'm going. Earlier this year, in less than a month two completely different shows were cancelled  
@moonsoar It won't happen.  Especially since Castle is going strong...which is not a bad thing!
I hate going 2 work when it's sooooo nice outside! Also my face looks like a tomato 
The intertubes are clearly blocked today. Having awful trouble doing anything 
what's so wrong. Even chocolate can not makes me feel better 
Supper won't start till after 6 here. Unless it is at 6 and I hurry, I'll miss some of the show. 
@mollydollyy do dish! Because unfortunately i think ill miss my daily DAYS  what am i gunna miss?!?!!?
@KyleBuzzard Evidently, if you let the battery run low, it turns off all communication. Charging doesn't fix this: rebooting does 
Oh god. After the news i'm being force fed a tory campaign video  trying not to yell at tv...
@SoCalVixen damn... am i invited.. I'll match one.. If i wasn't at work 
@Jerasica Ditto re the #e3-ness.  But watching it is fun and squee-worthy
@PinkLightning_  Did you see that thing on Stellas head today ?? She had a big juicy spot +O( Such a skank 
Breakfast! Although coco's isn't the same without the Aussies.  miss them. http://bit.ly/qPccl
@trempy: Comparing anti-abortionists to taliban, terrorist, jihadists || For those using terror to achieve political goals, seems like it 
had to shower at work this morning since a sensor on our hot water tank malfunctioned   After all the landscaping we did, I needed it!!
@frandrescher Apparently you dont have time for ur fans!!!!!!!!!! 
@luckygnahhh I will maybe. After I finish seeing this movie. I've been fucking great. I miss ya 
I hate colds.  And I can't stay home at all this week because it's the last week of school. Therefore, I have finals.
@core_APPLER LOL. If I could I would! Wait can u fedex food? Coast to coast? lmao. where's my sunrise pic?!? U slackin 
Whilst out revising i obtained sunburn n now im quite sore  x
Building up to watching the last ever episode of ER! If I don't watch it, it hasn't ended!!! 
Though it starts at 9....hopefully I can stay awake for it!  After all, I did wake up at 3:50 this morning.  
@sarahmerion Is the rooftop tweetup 21+ since it's at Rattlesnake? Because sadly that would exclude me 
should do some revision but a film sounds more appealing. Although mother will probably make me revise 
Been training tonight, I even cleaned and oiled my bike  . However now in a&amp;e with caleb who is not very well 
@benclatworthy Well... same   Though i have not done much revision 2day
@ClarenceLum What a downer Uncle Clare!  Although that does explain the inability of me and everyone else I know to get a job...
So @peteyorn posted dates!  http://www.peteyorn.com/tour/mobile/   Atl and bna. Otherwise scant on the south  we'll make it work.
Somehow I managed to lose all of my contacts, pictures, and data on my phone 
@stinkerpants good question. Aside from offbeat bride and other bride blogs, I got nothing 
If I had a superpower, I'd use it to cheer people up. Because I don't like people being sad 
@ChazzyCat I can top that... Apparently I have messed up about 7? 
is chillin with her homie, Juicy!  Although im mad he wont gimme a lapdance 
@Bastante_P If only I was in ATL  *sighs*
@molsters70 I like your plan.  Curiously, mine is the same.  Although I need to get a 2nd job for more $ because I am salary 
Thanks @great_scott and @JackLeblond! too bad though  With friends who don't have full pass
@redhaski I miss minigolf.  Though at Golfland, the volcano holes screw everything up.
@Geraldy Those emoticons are the cutest, especially the kitty :] I never use Ameba though 
@sarahmaeblogs Aww! I'm gonna have to wait til tomorrow.  Lol! At least I have something to look forward to!
@Idletard Since I had class tonite, I set it on silent before I even left the house 
@staciemarie yeah, but I barely go on. If I ever do it is- janistowserohyea And idk what breanna's is?? I'll find out though, i miss you 
@Xenooo Such is life in the Philippines. 
Wondering if nice, clean, safe, AFFORDABLE house rentals exist where I'm looking to move to. If today's an indication, then NO!!!! 
@LeslieSanchez Wth. Those dogs nails are prettier than mine.  -walk of shame-
@jamieaiken919 I would guess someone complained that they were inappropriate or something.  Ditto! #CliqueOfTwitter
@gfkd He should be optimistic, it's amazing how well his new team has performed out of the gate! Meanwhile 99's struggles continue 
I want food. I miss eating. After close to three days without a proper meal, I am beginning to go crazy. 
@spacebetween41 I was under re balcony!  I felt like I was in a bomb shelter! Lol. With a really good view.
@ChuckdelaCruz...fiesty!  I would never test my new teacher.  Otherwise he will teach me only crappy pop songs 
@HrzMatt For real.  I can.not.do.it.  I've tried. Lots.  lol  i get finger cramps from a three letter word.  I suck.  
Now I'm just sad. Incredibly sad. It doesn't matter. He won't care either way. 
@MandyBu Last time I tried the JAT I couldn't even get two chapters in. 
new moon looks amazing, Aside from the fact edward actually is hardly in it at all 
@HairyChristos I'm trying! Having a bad night obviously  lol
@Killaya museum parking until the cops kicked them out, so people got seperated. Somehow ppl got back there before us. 
I know I'm stressed to the max if I am craving a Flake bar and a cigarette. Both of which I can't have 
@Y2Neildotcom Certainly did! Not had chance to listen yet though. 
I'm not enjoying this. At all. 
if you want the 45 Euro tasting menu at Gresca in BCN, you must specify so when you make your reservation. Otherwise, you're s.o.l. 
@MiyaBailey smoke one for my birthday Miya!! Since I got this stuffy ass job and cant smoke myself  lol
@playspymaster Has had over 40B wiped out of my Swiss account. Present amount a big fat zero  Luckily this isnt the real world!
@NoToriousTori Awwwwwww.  If it makes you feel better, the girl I would have waited eternity for ended up breaking my heart 2.5 years in.
washing clothes and playing with my lovely dog Oscar.... There some homework to do... 
http://bit.ly/DqqS1   If only.
- @littlecharva - I'm immune to dentists' drills etc now, it just doesn't bother me at all. Having gum lift surgery next week tho *eek* 
@LIKLEP tis your bday soon? Aaww. But they're all smalls  JUST fit me. Unless you cut the sides off and customise on new hypes LOL.
Oh, boy. I'm completely addicted to online TCGs! Whyyy.  As if I need another thing to obsess over! 
Trying to fix my sunglasses with glue. Both my favorite big ass white pairs are broken! 
@DeepXP: Though I would've gone with MediaWiki but its a hassle!! 
@andycrane64 I hope so. I started with hay fever 4 yrs ago. Apparently it's supposed to get worse and last longer the older we get 
@mattian your CS isn't very easy to read. A bit of spacing would help the dyslexics amongst us. Having to download &amp; reformat in Topstyle 
No info on release date for Diablo 3 yet @sgentle  Though a practice diablo 1 + 2 run would be cool.
how annoying are you? my result: Incredibly  seriously! i sont really think soo...
I wish the postman would hurry up and get here. Although he probably won't be delivering my package today  fingers crossed!
musicals, in which the narrative is sung, are just plain crap. Having to write about them has even killed my interest in the first Wonka 
@desfry @patireland whereas mine just looks sparse.   http://twitpic.com/6gmcg
We are still in the Hospital... Because of long weekend everything goes slow 
Pushing Daisies final episodes YAY!  Also kinda boo since they are the final episodes 
One thing was our song .... After 5 years it only took a week to break it all  where is the love and forgiving and love will concu
Ugh. Whatever. A slap is a slap whether it's intentional or not 
@slummymummy9 With ya.  I'm still driving in.  
@RuthRamirez haha I still totally LOVE that song. When I find another gr8 1, I'll let u know. Although I havent really been clubbin l8ly 
@honeysoul I'm trying to breathe over here!   Otherwise, all is good lovely.  What's going on over your side of the world?
@homestars You know, I'm really loving your service lately. It's one of the few really useful things in my life. Unlike my contractor 
@birdwisperer I do want bigger, but sadly don't fit on anything larger than a 250. Even that's a bit big  I'm a very tiny person lol
@ondemandgroup - isn't office space higher $$ closer to downtown Mpls as well?  Adding to a commute and higher $ space =  for small biz
@Gpedrider24 Because i have to do the work and give it in tomorrow 
@DavidalBarron Sapir-Whorf. If we keep saying, it becomes the truth, and we can't see outside the binary system so the system stands. 
@PaperCakes 3.0 jealousy or just iPhone.  Because I didn't get the 3.0 like I thought today.... 
@Kenzielee_  Even MORE hugs are on there way to you
@Johnthehooker  &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 Having no cell service for over a month has caused me to neglect twitter 
can't really sleep last night...  Having sleeping problems again this week. :-S
@cesarmillan i LOVE DADDY!! i wish my pitt was exactly like him. Instead he chases neighbors into their houses 
@ryanlum I never do. For some reason I thought this update was a few months old. 
@moinsdezero Yayayay ! There's a second one too, I never saw it though 
Gm going under. Why did I buy a 2009 gmc?  Having issues already. 
 Mahalo back to normal. Having some technical difficulties it looks like.
@Kianicole001 Even without me? 
algebra homework. Our teacher is the devil. While other teachers are reviwing, he's assingning. FML. Will miss @AlessandraNella next year 
@JTKteach Since they don't have as much state funding now, I don't see things changing anytime soon. 
@mrockstar ha ha. Somehow eye took a nap. 
@JahFurry For the steaks I took a gamble with a substitution and it worked. I still haven't made the mahi mahi. 
What the fuck no. If it's 90 degrees tomorow I'll kill myself 
I'm soo tired but I can't sleep  I wish I was a model so I don't have to go to school.. Or a tennis player. Whichever.
@Chaoticshimmer Because if it were 1:25pm, I'd be worried about the fact that I have a lot of stuff to do 
@CasseyVee: Apparently yes but it's not guarantee though. 
@ninaleigh615 yeah its great. Especially since they are linked to alot of other companies. I tried to apply to HRC once but they said no 
Not hearing great things about the Sims 3. Apparently is really slow &amp; has heaps of issues  That sucks I was really looking forward to it!
@CasseyVee: Apparently yes but it's no guarantee though. 
I come With the rain 
I totally just washed my passport (i.e. my only form of ID at the moment.) Luckily it's kinda legible, but damn. How retarded. 
I have also decide to dye my hair dark purple then not touch it. Except maybe to dye it back to brown. But i miss my really long hair. 
@leewc that's disappointing!  Although I just wish I worked somewhere that had close to that quality food for lunch!! :p
Standing under my mums office i grudgingly accept that my essay topic needs to change. Thus byebye 8 marks 
@Shutterbug99 They Still haven't come back yet - The Only way I can see comments is to go to peoples pages, I can't see them on my own 
This is the loneliest part of the day. Besides waking up 
Goin to the studio today, hopefully get paid wooooo!  Although poorly-sickness made me miss out on a lift this morning  bus ride anyone?
@ArsenalSarah ive 2 admit it's not nice but its part of the job. Luckily we only have arnd 2 a year unlike Beachy Head - arnd 20 
I love the rain ... Except when I just got a car wash. 
@libbyoliver Nooooooooooooooooooooo! If you go to www.graze.com you can report it as missing... my wednesday one didn't arrive last week 
@traiinwreckx I can't die!  I'm a vampire.. lol. Besides I cannot die without getting a hug from Novak yet. xD
@tequilasam hold on, if you're on leave, why are you there? Given the job you do hon, binnage is bad  stick it on someone else's pile
@Georgieboo LOL surrender and hug accepted.   Although, perhaps I could be just a little bit ill do you think? No? OK     ;)
@stefinraleigh Was recently telling @msulee about the drawbacks of summer in the south. Already have a giganto skeeter bite on one leg! 
soo tired, can't sleep. For sure don't wanna go to the ortho today. 
I hate mornings, ugh. Even though it's a beautiful day, my mood is melancholy and gloomy. 
Terminator is really not my movie.. However, it's his turn now.. Soo, his call.. 
@DetroitSkye Though I wouldn't have walked away if I had stumbled upon them. 
@dbsrls Heads up all your Southerners! There's clouds above me up here in Livingstone 
@brandedyouth Dyl found it yesterday.  That twitterberry was rubbish. Although he's getting the hourglass of death now and again 
Somehow I managed to forget to bring my mp3 player to work this morning. 
The bitch troll from hell makes another appearance. Having a bad day already 
Tired, again...Parents come 2day, I probably should do some cleaning up....pah  Whatever
Pinkpop was amazing! Except for the leg injury 
And I really have no intention of going anywhere either. Though I do want someone to come over and hang out with me 
stupid right side of neck/back/head muscles are in rebellion.  Clearly I should take up being left-handed.    ow.
@DamnKashka well me, I think I'm going back to bry. I can't still get over w/ him. Though he makes me sooo sad. 
Even all the crap courses at uni need good grades to get in. At least ABB. 
@msonline_uk Ohhh that makes me jealous! Although i did just stuff myself with chocolate brownie  ughh
@longpour indeed  still don't know if I'm sad.Somehow relieved maybe.But I put a lot of work and personal effort for two years now
Wishing my dreams could come true  Knowing they never will 
@SongmasterBo  For some reason I only got 12 sec 
@anna_barr No way! Eggplant is awesome! Unless, apparently, you are you. Or my intestines. 
Just made a dentist appointment for this afternoon. Already cried a little even though I know it's just an exam. I have a dentist phobia. 
I might go to Greggs. If it's still open. Only eaten half a bagel today 
YES! The Seattle Police Department responded to my call. Sadly, the car is still there but my nasty note was removed 
no one cares about science anymore  either that or just no one reads what I write. Either way it's depressing.
I am really pissed ... u ever have a day u start out great then get completely shut down... Without seeing it coming?? I hate that ! LOL 
@Phee78 Both - am worried for you, don't want you to be upset 
@willcarling I thought you'd stopped tweeting! Although I have been slack at checking my followers  I'm stuck in a&amp;e hence the catch up!
@BruceHH - rain in D.C.    At least the A's won decisively.
Does anyone know what I'm getting at? Obviously 140 characters is not an ideal format for expressing this thought 
SATie so close!!! Yet I want it to never come... 
Ugh I miss him. Fml. There goes my bonfire plans. I hate that he's gonna be done 
Finally going to bed. Yet another late night 
Morning! Think man-flu may have caught up with me, feel awful  However, being female, life must go on, pass me the paracetamol...
@MetHome Aww, I would love to vote!  Somehow, the link is broken 
Havn a rough morning... my 6wk old son is sick throwing up. Already changed his outfit 6 times since 7am 
@AzTejana84 as long as I entertain you...Since I don't have the voice to &quot;Soothe&quot; you're ears...  
Today was not a good day. Apart from killing little bird had a row with a bloke who wouldn't read a simple sign  sign said do not knock
yay all my internal exams have finish...Although i have a GCSE next wednesday 
@padmeamidala I can assure you as a 36 year old, that pregnancy sucks the big one at this age.  Having a baby at 21 was waaay easier. 
Just changed the background on my twitter page!  Having trouble w/ the sidebar color   So happy to be back to working on my book proposal!
Class is almost over and I'm freezing my butt off. Also this girl behind me may be getting me sick 
@HoptonHouseBnB As a confirmed real ale fan I never will get the point of taking the alcohol out of beer, cider, or anything else 
And exceptions. It's just what I want. Except it's web-based. 
@lovesickass You sound like me. Except I can't go to bed yet. 
@nicecreams Their rescue balm is a total must-have! Currently using mine on the green bump on my head 
Sullivan's. Since a cold front is coming 
@mamajoan I can't read it  Ratkong! If it's about what i posted on urs earlier, i hope it can wait til monday! No internet where i'm goin!
@JosueSanchez is it because they can't understand, or because it bothers them? Either way, that's really sad. 
@AlanReidHall Using the word respect dont get ya laid though  lol
@geoff_merritt, do you know @kembrew in IC?  If not, you should!  And you're making me miss my home town 
Home from work. Trying to figure out what's for eats tonight. However when you have a headache, nothing sounds good to cook or eat.  HMMMM
@BangersAndTrash HA! thanks. Indeed busy, too bad its not busy blogging!  But this weekend I'll play catch up!
Editing my shitty site  Adding background music though 
@kina107 Use to be mine too! Until I had my son, now I barely get any.  S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
I really want to grill out with some friends. Oh yeah... None live close by.   If anyone is willing to drop by tomorrow let me know!
@91X Having a hard time with the pre-sale... the password wouldn't work here    http://www.livenation.com/edp/eventId/408573
I don't wanna hear Before The Storm, I know that I'm going to cry 
@DPixel For the last 20 years I would agree but I'm having problems with caffeine that last few months 
@LittleMissCindy I know it does!! But I really want Jolie to come. Otherwise it won't be as fun. 
@empoor too weird, jinxed??!  Indeed a crazy ass day.
My older sister has kinda majorly ruined my plans. Subtract three kids from the fun tonight. 
AH, when i first get LVATT i am going to hear Before The Storm IMEDIANTLY! Im about to cry,it sounds so beautiful/sad 
I can't see my picture...  However, I did draw my background!
@jacflys I know. Just gets tiresome. They scream the accusations and whisper apologies. Meanwhile there's a man &amp; his reputation thrashed 
Wowwww. . Even today flew by fast. . . 
I'm lonely and board.  But then again, things could be a lot worse.  Overall, I'm still a very happy person.  Just not right now...   
Just woke up.  For some reason I thought I was on holidays somewhere nice.  Alas, I am not.  Have to do laundry 
Wow! Putting fish juice in my garden is great for the plants! ...Until the neighborhood cats come at night an dig them up. 
Too bad my phone is off. Otherwise, I would have been able to give more frequent detailed updates 
Somehow I'm only old running route on the east side hwy btwn the mhtn n brklyn bridges. And it's rainy. 
@shockinglystill Ditto to that. What's wrong? 
im bad  for the song Before The Storm
Flag day is freaking tiring! Having headaches now 
I don't know if my heads gonna explode or cave in on itself. Either way, not good. 
Remember I said yesterday was a great day? Mostly erased by today, except for a short part of the day. Otherwise, not good 
SATs tomorrow  After that.. $UMMER '09 officially starts ;]
@Cztron I don't want to. Especially since I'll be out next weekend. Lol. I don't like being seen every weekend. 
@Bradyglen meh. I dont even have the original yet  so i guess im not as excited as you. Though i do want to see it...
@ninjew it is! Except this place  you gonna be at freq nasty tomorrow?
@officespacejk Not a tattletale. I want us ALL to have a fair chance. Besides ... I thought you loved us geeky girls  #harpersglobe
@frenchieeee yes I remember that. Also I never got her to do the wave 
the boss man cut his hair. Despite giving me free chips he still wouldn't do me the favour of showing me 
Going to sleep in a bit, yay goodbye junior year and hello senior year.. Bleeeh, Already?!?? 
WTH? Lugaw? For lunch? Seriously? 
@FASHIONISMYLIFE Likewise 
At PVS... There's no cars and it's pissing down!!! 
@CazR1984 Nor had the person who called me! LOL you're lucky, wish I was that cool 
@MrsSeear  been up since 6! At least that's better than yesterday when someone who shall remain nameless decided 5am was wake up time 
@Uch1028 Enjoying saturday huh? Whilst your cripple friend is trying to climb up a stage......... 
@JudithChad Whereas i think it's typical that i bust a gut to get here on time only for the garage to be ridiculously late. 
I think it's a day to sleep. However, I also think I will have to work.. I dont wanna go out anywhere 
is here with @TWiLiGHT. Although she's sleeping. 
@elianewigzell I know that feeling! Except it's my trousers, not my coat that's the problem 
@Andyks2000 Also had lazy morning (up at 10.30).  Also too wet for (m)bike ride   If you find any RnB Yorkies tweet IMMEDIATELY!! ;-)
@BethTana Indeed, I was hoping it would arrive today  But nothing  I'm currently making patterns for the game I will import later on.
@AliceinParis ok I'm excited now! Although fearful it will make me long for white washed villas and azure seas 
@paul_evans13 Nope. Still busted. Should have got 1 from someone 20 mins ago, but no joy. Having to keep checking homepage 4 updates 
@robertdehart that is unfortunate.  well I'm always up For food
@HipMom As of now I'm not  going  to blogher ! Where is the picnic?
Working at electra. Having some issues though 
Is frustrated n want to go to my mums house. Instead having to watch cricket an wait for other half. 
arghh, does warped tour not really piss you off? Because now there's hardly any decent gigs over here, cause all the bands are in america 
Just doing some revision for my Italian exams on monday. Realising how little I actually know 
Give a little time for the child within you, don't be afriad to be young and free. Unless of course you have a tonne of work to do 
My wonderful got me my Pre! At home sick 
Swimming was fun! Both P and me very tired. Also both disturbed by the smelly man on the bus 
Wordt Vervolgd !!   Childhood memories: http://bit.ly/exLK1    If only I could turn back time 
@japanbrenna #haiku For about a month. At first it was a bit fun. Now I want to die 
@NokkonWud As you'd expect really  Not as well as it went last week :/ At least they've gone now so I've got an hour or two spare
Nothing like going to sleep with a headache and waking up with a headache.  Except maybe having one all day too?  Remains to be seen. 
No umbrellas  allowed! :o  I really hope that's still there when I get out! At least we got here early enough to get wristbands for th ...
I knew sims 3 was coming out but I didn't know it was already. Once I'm done with summer classes watch out! Unless my laptop is too weak 
@katecocaine, haha okay. ;D There is still not a full version of it.. 
@allyeatscat Ditto...  *hug*
@bowwow614: SlAP! At all the girls out there that think that celebrities on twitter is gonna reply back to you !!!! 
@BananasMel wot's in ur head? hope not music.Since I awoke I have a drink music ad in my head     
Opening day at the pool! Except it's really cold 
@Sambelina666 - ace. I have done fuck all today.  Except my big shop. I am bored out of my tree....
@jinnah No! Because I was still expecting my cookies!  now I feel sad and depressed
After a forced change of plans now we're gonna watch The Hangover. Since we were gonna get covered in blood we're in our worst clothes 
It feels like he's in the darkness&amp;I help bring the sun out.  That could be true or not. Either way that's how he makes me feel.  
@djkus Around 10:30 - 11:30. Having great fun trying to force a double buggy through the crowds..! 
@NickJoeKevin01 ThatS Basically it, yup!  x
@ctanker HaHa I know, right?!! Wish y'all were here though  Having so much fun, but miss y'all lots!!!
@CarrinaSophia Although my friend stole my mask 
Watching night at the museum 1 with other ppls kids. Why? For money of course 
@davidcouzens what you doing in fulham and why didn't you call me?! Although I'm still suffering after too many cocktails last night 
Comcast has been lying to me for a week now. Unless @ComcastBonnie can solve my problem, I'm looking for alternative service providers. 
about to nap. Already woke my neighbor up from hers!  @masked08 so sorry!
@MistaBaddass dude u dont even know, depression is setting in. Currently boarding my plane 
Spending time with the family. Although spending time right now means we all are napping. No I'm not going to the coldplay concert 
Somehow our new webshows got turned upside down so we have to refilm them this weekend and it will be even later when they are up  poopsac
Why am I so hyperactive when it's 00:30  Though I can't move otherwise mummy will wake up.. such a difficult conundrum!
@enjendesigner @mpowelljones Thanks, for the advice Sorors. However, I don't like wedge sandals  That's why I wished I was taller.
Overall I liked the album. Although I do like the synth/electropop'y thing. Apologies for annoying with the stupid amount of tweets 
@bygbaby I need you to go somewhere every weekend cuz this is too entertaining. LOL! Although I could do w/o the foreskin references. 
@BennyGordon72 Somehow he's quit tearing his stuff up - but getting at least 1 - 2 other cars a race.  #nascar
my baby sister graduated high school today..  Meanwhile, brynna had fun sticking my cell phone down my shirt.
And you just see right through me If you only knew me We could be a beautiful, miracle, unbeliveble Instead of just invisible 
Its amazing how grimey some ppl are. Home for the night.. Whatever .. 
I wanted to sit near Jordan and MHC .. Perhaps I shouldn't have come at all 
@MaddieBoBaddie For some reason the pic isn't showing up 
Correction..i misremembered the address it is not that. Therefore i didn't remember 
Added the twitter widget to our website! Somehow our hit counter went back to zero though!  lol
@aplusk I have 2500+ GIJoes from 82-present. Having to sell some of they valuable ones to help pay some bills. 
@CaitlinLaughs As much as I know we're broke. I still wish I was there. 
@danlash YAY, dan is trying to spread the word of WLW.  Even though it didnt work because we dont have grammar check. 
My phone is vibrating and then I can't view texts. Wth. Also, my grandparents are coming to baccalaurretedjiegtreertyuigfd 
@imbrifer: YAYYYY! Also, it'll probably take some time on the ST doujin. 
@JudeBacalso but you're not watching PCD With my mom!  aw..
@skryingbreath I know, it's gonna be fucking rough. Even though I have internet on my phone, it's just not the same. 
@SoOunTM it's lame!! Specially cause I just got here at 8 and don't get out till 1 
@olivia_exists  and my options are work or watch my uncle. Both scare me
@JCookOnline Long story  Basically, guys are stupid and ignorant and don't realize it when what they're saying hurts someone :/
@Lchadscott lol.. Ice cream.. I already know about ur phone.. Although I'm sorry hear its not all u wanted it to be 
Somehow forgot to bring the Wallet source with me. No 3.1 this week. 
Totally wiped from two hardcore days of coffee making. After 4 months of this I'm going to turn into a coffee bean 
Why am I still up @ 3:34am  so tired, finally back in my bed... For tonight! Ps. I'm going to start tweeting again bc of ubratwitter
@VonPud oh how I wish I was going with you. Instead I sit in the office. 
@CMoz You and me both.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to get the new iPhone anyway.   Perhaps I can pick up a cheap 3G to replace my v1.
Has to be someone on twitter who called me...havnt talked to no one else in ages...please admit to it? Stressing me out 
@svn8teen Until when?! GASPS. O_o Yikes, we'll be too occupied to vote. 
@evatweets Aww  babe! That totally sucks. Although does not bode well for me visiting!
@goodbyecaptain Lol, you did. Hardly anyone read it though, which just kinda proved my point that no-one was that bothered  *sniffs*
has reaslised how sad my life is.  Instead of trying to fit shoes &amp; accessories into my case....I'm trying to fit in more marking 
I also might try and learn OTTP X. Much harder than football manager! 
@Mirandacook As usual I'm missing out 
Bt... As much use as a fucking choclate fireguard, i so need a new isp 
I hate when a friend goes and let's slip how he finds gay guys disgusting. After I was mc at their wedding and god parent to their child 
I recently moved to billericay, its so quiet,  i need mates frm round ere. I MISS BERMONDSEY! If ya frm round ere 'follow' meh x
@Cynicor Because in Newcastle, there are no kings  I don't want dissolved slug on my floor, that's worse than the trail it left!
Our only rides home were one at 6 a.m and one at 7 p.m. I effing work at 5 p.m Needless to say, I'm freaking tired 
is missing mixing concrete  Even though I have a ton of cement inground in my hands and nails! LOL
@antoniamoreno oh no  If you want to chat over the phone or something or even e-mail me or something? It may be good to let it out? ...
On the plane. Already missing @mattpippen and @CassidyAlexis 
@evelyn138 either you woke up crazy early or stayed up hella late.  Either way I want IHOP now 
How does a scrapper forget her memory card on a camping trip with the Cub Scouts?  Apparently all too easily... 
Surprisingly the party was pretty good. Except the tequla shots ... I have a headache. 
go for it or not!  Not changing the url, so don't worry.  And NO, it won't be saying And Then There Were FOUR....sorry 
Packing up to leave the lake!  I'm so glad I'm flying home tho!! Otherwise I'd have a 10 hr drive!!:-S
@sophielambert It's horrific  I really want to go see her :/ Unless we got the money out of my account, it wouldn't happen 
Does @3Hill know how much I want to be his friend? Yet he never answers his phone and NEVER calls me back    yea thats three sad faces
I'm lost for this evening, my mobile phone cannot cut cheese  Clearly a fail, just by whom ;o ?
Another wisdom tooth being pulled. Currently on novacane. 
One of my colleagues voted bnp, the pleb. Currently doing research to show them the error of their ways. I can't say much I didn't vote 
(@J_Fox2) Yesterday I had ants in my pants...for real!  Those suckers bite 
Wishing my dreams could come true  Knowing they never will 
@sidestreets That's the worst  If you have AppleCare, though, it's always nice to see a big fat $0 on your bill.
E74 error now - blah! Having to register a repair with MS 
@lady_maethoriel I wear a girls large or a guys small. Both are gone. 
@DesiLynnsmom Although I can understand Tony's frustration - he's probably not happy with HIS sis-in-law now! 
or the universe is trying to tell me somethin. Either way today's plans may be off  
just about to have some dinner . Having a bad day 
Haha I'm at diamond plaza AGAIN... However no cue pics this time. 
Site visitors can only process 3-6 elements of your site at a time. Thus, designs should be simplified.  that's how we got this web2.0 
Dishes are done + kitchen tidied. Although i have just spilled water down the front of my combats making it look like ive pee'd myself  
Shopping and a dinner date tomorrow - excited. Although, I am starting to miss canberra peeps now 
Somehow I got convinced to go on a bike ride in this absurd weather, and now my hands are frozen. 
@samarowais I do! Hence the delayed absence from internet.  How was dinner?
WTF, I slept in. Like SLEPT in. O_O Therefore I was late for just about everything. @alistra I'm sorry I kept you up when you felt bad 
@Mandix Since yesterday, my internet broke.. it just got fixed.. and now my site is all blank 
This feels like a rerun. Both teams playing poorly in extras 
@morganmarie I have a hammock (and a hammock chair!) but no place to hang either of them.  Though my neighbors have one hung up...
@rosskie I agree! Though her chocs were too pricey 
Worked in yard all day. I &lt;3 a tiller! However, managed to get tramp-stamp sunburn. Sitting anywhere hurts. 
@wtoppert These extra inning losses lately are just killin'me!  Especially with blown leads late in the games.  
@chris_coltrane: Because I'm in the privileged position of surrounding myself with decent people means I get a shock when people vote BNP 
@idsharman Its easier to say its bad than good.  Also, if 1 person of influence says its bad, others will simply fall in line 
@itsBrent http://twitpic.com/6v72v - 7-11...don't have any in my town  However I am in cali right now.... *heads to local 7-11*
Operation grow a beard was a failure. Currently shaving 
@redneckmommy - The people who need to read it most won't, and wouldn't care if they did. For everybody else, I'd hope it's common sense. 
@sequinedswan Ditto. Parents are splitting up. Hence the cocktail request 
@Crystal_ahhah I hope we can squeeze the dells in.  If not that would totally break tradition.  
@leighannirvine Awww my cousen had a baby this morning - a little girl called Lola. But I dont see them very often  -x-
@TristanRose True. Yesterday I mentioned those words in a tweet &amp; within 3 seconds I had 4 new bot followers 
@the_fake_tk Sadly, I dont have any pics from the Dunkin appearance  However, the jac of all nets episode will be up soon!!
i havent listened &quot;Before The Storm&quot; yet  i hope i could!!
@shanecroucher As a Tory, I am cringing  bad times.
@ConfessionsMom Those escaped convicts were finally arrested, in the tiny ND town where I picnicked last week. 
@_natearchibald Running away is never the answer. If you run away from your problems, sooner or later they'll hunt you down.  Either way
I want a 740   If I only had 50 more bucks.
@gabvirtualworld I love that show.. Hilarious! Although my wife doesn't think so 
Note to self: Don't Eat While Hung Over. 
@FrickFrackGirl Because they gave the boot to so many good songs. 
@civlee i'm on insonia mode, can't sleep...  Besides that, it's everything okay around here...
@YouQuotedQuotes  No.  If I have to click to get the quote then I'll just stop being a follower and remove you.  
Is completely overwhelmed. Whatever. 
Misses @MissBruiser.  For serious.  
This weekend was so good. My team won all the matches. Next weekend will have 3 matches so difficult. However, my knee is killing me 
At alex's. Having fun! I miss heather 
French trip over... Having last breakfast in the sun 
Quite proud that I survived the weekend, and now it's back to school run and as usual I'm running late. Already shouted at 2 of the kids 
ran out of tea !!! Having to substitute coffee instead. It's just not the same 
@green_i_girl bahahaha... Aww.  Besides the sleep deprivation, how're you doing GigiPie?
Morning all! Having a grumpy fed up feeling today  going to have a bath and shake it off hopefully
Playing FFXII. Having a hard time with sleep. 
@aurorawilbs Awww......   Either leave the others or cut them all short and start again!
I just hate getting them back.. Knowing my results is like knowing the guy i like, liking some one else  just so disappointing. .
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/624qo - Even a dog have better biirthday than me  hhee joking he deserve it ... Because hes owner is you
@CherryBear I'm doing that already to make up for previous days I've taken off. Currently owe 9.75 hours!  after today it'll be 8.25 so...
@balag4u Things are back to normal  Few wonders happened though - For ex: www.bash.org !!
Packing up and getting ready to check out. #bbm is over  I'll miss my friends. Until next time!! #fb
@discho Yeah, I just have to go in later for the exam. Although I slightly resent missing out on a couple of hours of valuable sleep 
@companycalledif Apparently so! Although I was stuck inside fitting a new kitchen! 
OOPS! I seem to be busy spilling water over my keyboard this morning  Clearly more caffeine needed...
Off to work.  Already don't wanna be there 
@ReyRey_C haha yeah at least you saw the 2nd quarter! Whereas I didn't! I wanted to watch it all the way through sooo bad! 
So I'm up... Clearly not as early as I should be   let's hope I can shower and be ready to leave in 28 minutes or so!
Off to doc to find put what's up With cassius' fevers. 
Getting ready to go to court...I've been called for grand jury duty. Somehow I don't think it's as impressive as it sounds... 
Somehow, I feel alone. 
I honestly can't stand mondays...@ work  Already wanna go home...
16gb extreme iii or 8gb extreme FOURGH!? Granted I don't really do much burst shots 
@jowan_ haha.. No need la. I will drag myself up. Either that, or not slp. Haha. &amp;&amp; it's ur last paper tmr! I still got 1 more 
@gosi @amandaexoxo @NLoughrey: After four years of gym, im said its over 
How's it goin? Already at work 
is in @monkeyleader's office, fixin' his craptop. Except it is pretty dead. 
@grwatson It felt fine first thing....then I washed my hair and it went 'ping' again  Considering how much longer to stay to look willing!
@thisisnotadude did this chocolate piece of yours looks like @PriyankaPrasad? If so, it was suppose to be delivered to meeeeeeeeee 
Only 25% this weekend  Better than 0. Also fighting with the boyfriend type. I refuse to forgive him although he is basically begging.
@ShesAllWrite Indeed.  
@kellimcgowan I'm sorry to hear about your car.  Having that happens totally sucks. *hugs*
@UrbanMusicDailY In the Seoul, its cool and breeze too. Though we know it will be very hot and rainy soon 
@hangontomato Having severe heart palpitations and some chest pain. 
@Mhtr67 oh! is it?!  i'll check on it tomorrow. Thanks for the feedback. Using twitterfon for now.
On brown line rain. A 2 year old girl has a broken right arm &amp; a broken left leg. Both limbs in full casts.  It's so sad. 
@EvilGayTwin *wishes we had some Thumnderbolts and Lightning* As it is, we are only getting intermittent showers! 
@seanmmontague Ditto! I've got a serious case of Mondayitis 
@HILallan While I really, really enjoy the food at Mezza, I've only had bad experiences with the service..! 
@cwpoon That's what I've been doing. But then I go to bed at 4am and get up at 8... After #ChuckMeMondays comes #ChuckedOffTuesdays 
@Dameunited Having a bad day????    x
@alexaNbennett this isn't true! Every state has less money to spend on fireworks etc. Therefore July 4th will burn less brightly 
Finally bit the bullet and looked at my 401k 2008 performance. No change. To the dollar. Despite having contributed thousands that year. 
Midterm was alright. Except the giant 15 mark question at the end 
@aanjelicaa91 lolz. Having fun yet? I'm so bored 
Somehow I lost my NASAtv on my work television. 
@trevorjames same for me... Except  I don't have any internet! 
@PoynterJones I know how you feel, well, sort of. Obviously not the same pain, but... 
. @CRA1G Unfortunately, the Palm Pre apps have been the same since last week.  
Haha Having a good time, Just got back from some summer college...  what a drag
@howie9008 YEP!!! Hence the boredom... I know a total of two people who don't have time to hang out with me. 
@IsaiahGarnica Seriously? Having a party or something? Wish I could come 
@LiverpoolMich Are you okay Mich? With the dizziness and all.. 
@raiderdesign - So far so good.  Except for the fact that I have no one to fire.  
I do not want my man to go to Cali.  Having a good job is such a double edged sword.
@msstewart @klbz You mean this one:  Because that is how I feel. Also, the exhausted face, if we have one of those...
@Aubreyoday I really wanna go to the Laker parade on wed! However i work and can't 
I want the weather to stop being cloudy and almost rainy... Either rain or be sunny. 
My birthmark is gone. Along with some flesh. The dr didn't like it at all. 
Trashed his longboard. Along with his face  don't ride in the dark
Computer is still in the shop  Using my roommate's till she gets back.
@haavoc Neither have I... Unless the crappy little thumbnail sketches I make to plan my comics count... 
Seems he can now hold me to ransom dishing out any requests that he fancies !  As if my life isn't hard enough!
@CllrTim Nor I    Country Slices on the other hand (with a mug of tea in the other hand), well, that's a completely different story!
@FabDesigner @lucy_uk I have a UTI. At least I think that's what it is. And now my abdomen is hurting and my tummy looks swollen. 
NEED TO SLEEP!!!! Having major sleeping issues :/ it's not good 
Stressed the fuck out! With nail-bitting moments... Finals! 
So walking around with sunburned legs has now given me painful thigh muscles. I hate this! Also, I missed some crazy TWEENCOM convo! 
Just realized I can't play gemcraft on this loaner comp unless I want to start all over.  Unless I can sort out where the saved files  ...
&quot;Friends are like stars u can't see them but u feel they are there, but then u look &amp; realize they fell. Hence the meaning falling star&quot; 
@AnoopDoggDesai Gnarly! If only I get to see that awesome chereography on tour, sighhh 
@g33kgurrl Nite, nite.. I didn't even get a chance to ask how your day's been..  I hope it was peachy.! Unless you don't like peaches. ;)
@KT_93 :O As stephanie tanner would say &quot;How rude?!&quot; :O 
@AmandaDean @AshleyHempel @tifanivallejo  Yes ladies, I put in a few clip in's. Otherwise her hair doesn't show up with a hat on  haha
Still love this: http://dailybooth.com/Nakedbooth Except the picture that took it REALLY far go deleted 
@paloma_mia yes, but it looks sooo good  It's a risk i might have to take. Although it's a long term (three months) project
@of_corset maybe it's the twins thing but I feel like crap most of the time.  Either I'm sick or tired or in pain or all three 
@TheAnchoress I'll have to re-read what Letterman said. Given that I'm an A's fan, after getting swept by the Giants I'm a tad cranky. 
Is back on the clock and is struggling mightily. Always tough first day back at work from a vacation. Currently feeling crappy 
This is killing me... The waiting. Knowing she is close but i still cant see her... 
@SandraRazo1 For sure! Wouldn't miss it. Below 21 of course. 
Beautiful day out! If only it would last... rain the the rest of the week they say. 
@culturepulp I hope everything's ok!?! I got nothin' on the ideas front. Except, you know, envy that you can draw and I, alas, cannot. 
@EdRoberts * SIGH* ahhGAIN?  Having flashbacks of the summer of '93
@tiff0rtat True! (Although too Much of it makes my belly hurt  ) lol
Geometry lesson: circle's area = pi(r)^2. With r=4 and 4=(1/2*8) gives pi(1/2*8)^2=1/4pi(8)^2. Thus: cookie with 2x radius = 4x calories 
I didn't get the job.  Somehow I am not surprised.  I don't know who the hell I was trying to fool. 
@Prince_Cocky Awww. lol, you little cutie pie you. I miss my dop i should pack up his bed and bowls huh? Because i keep thinkng of him 
@hootsuite lost all my scheduled tweets for the week!  Anyone else experience similar?  Luckily lost on only one account.  Back to work 
@SAlbrecht  just got back from grind. Somehow missed the group at the trailhead? 
@FreakPirate Last night we got slammed 30 minutes before we closed... they didn't leave until almost 40 minutes AFTER we closed. 
@KristenBode LOL, no! Although lately its gone from winter directly into hot summer.. so we are definatly lacking in rain 
@KatyCorbeil hell no! Although mine is missing.  damn children.
@YRJewelryGal I'd die without her.  If she ever left me, I'd have to take up... working. 
Absent.  I missed school. 
No ipod or radio  but somehow some cuts are in my music player on the g1. Currently pumpin music and drinkin.' Bout to gamble $ $ $ $ $
@VioletJersey Currently none. Due to not having a tv or computer to myself.  WEll, I'm the middle of Bleach but because the new episodes
I now have a  visible floor and a closet that looks like a closet. However everything I own is beginning to look like junk to me. 
@rvanklaveren Whilst I am pleased for you, I am going to be sad. Knowing you are on the other side of the world is sad... 
Somehow I keep gaining muscle. 
I missed a recruitment day because the paper printed the 16th not the 15th. Somehow I knew that was going to be my fault 
I hate sorry ass family members grandma I'm sorry u sick and I love u lots  pray. For my granny betty she needs it
On the verge of purge. Having the runs! 
Another gloriously sunny day so shorts and tee on the way to work. Though gotta change into black trousers and polo soon 
@JessicaJ0yce Hellll yeah! I'm fucking jealous, lol. How was the bbq? Yet another story the guys will tell but I won't have any say in 
Wishing my dreams could come true  Knowing they never will 
'Fatblokes result: we got three, they got four...teen  According to the opposition it would have been 30 if not for me so that's a bonus!
@ImFringe HAHA!! As long as it passes I dont care lol. And yeh same thing happens to me, come all the way in to spend the day on facebook 
@sharpestpencil It's all very good for the self-esteem isn't it? Except mine. Not had one single gay robot spam artist mongtard follow me 
@winstano Going for 16gb, just cannot stretch to 32gb even on 24 month contract. Unless I get loads of money for my birthday - unlikely 
@jemK That happens to me EVERY time. I always feel so ready to do it but in there just feel it would be too cheeky. Hence i'm on buttons 
@annisatadiyana ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!! !!! I love that song! Although, they cut out Jimmy's singing part in it, which sucks. 
I didn't get the job. Somehow I am not surprised. I don't know who I was trying to fool. 
@seannch Thank You, we're really pleased. Though now we need to grapple with licensing and other scary words.... 
@BamTheDJ While prego 20 yrs ago for the 1st time, my migraines were horrid-I ended up in the ER for Demerol shots a few times   ((hugs))
Ooowwww! FFS. That's four times now i've bitten the inside of my mouth *hard* in two days! Both cheeks &amp; bottom lip twice in same spot. 
@HerEvilRoyalty that's what I figured LOL... Although every time I rent something I don't play it because I want to play call of duty 
@NLiukin we love you to Nastia!!!! If I were a teen, I'd vote for ya, but it won't let me! 
@shawnmcdonald has denied my event invitation to Apollo.   However, funny to say outloud, lol. #shawnmcdonald
@Sayamelon For example @vielleicht s story sounds awful! So I felt bad cuz I did find it funny but it sounded like she was suffering 
Just played (as in I played on a guitar) the entirity of Zuma. Though only playing chords, no fancy fingerwork from me 
@WRESTLEGASM yeah swop I'm checking data input off timesheets..... Both sound equally as boring but atleast your office is closer to home 
Upgrading a voice mail this morning. Just waiting ok the customer to hand type out all saved messages. Granted this was already relayed 
@DAISYFLOWER71 yeah, you girls love tweetin just as much as I do. Except I don't get enough time too!  except on my days off.
@tsmuse  that's no good. Although I suppose it's something to do.
The bear died.   http://bit.ly/YVYcN They don't say what he died from. Over tranquilization? Injury from falling out of the tree?
in bed, sick again. Whatever has got a hold of me won't let go 
@sineadkeogh For what? I did nothing!.. Except have too much work for dinner, sorry 
@jfmacvay I'm using P1. At peak hours (8pm-12am) it can be pretty bad too 
@notjimmycarr noice! Having fun? Shevill almost done? I'm super burnt 
@UnLogikal Meanwhile, I logged into my work email account to see if mine's on its way -- and discovered that I'm over my mail quota. 
Some time I look at people twit page and be trippen. Because i feel like they can write more character then me on there status 
@matt_gould right, like tanning in the natural sunlight. Unlike me, I have to even out my tan lines in artificial sunlight 
@shopchantal  Those are my favorites! You just don't have my size.  Wah!  If you're hiding a 10 somewhere, let me know.
I can't get bored. Because when I get bored, I like to watch TV. And when I watch TV, I like to eat 
@SammietheRabbit I missed you too!!!  and @alithered77 you should feel warm and fussy! I ignore a lot a people!! Except my k-v.com girls!
@ifUseekBRAN I would HATE to be sick in your position.  Especially since at my job most of the stalls are always full or not working. =/
@LPSteele As long as you know babe! I think that's part of the reason you're not sleeping good 
@Flatbadger It was fun! Except that sometime in the last 2 yrs since I've been, pints went from $2.50 to $2.75 
I've got a charged laptop &amp; a stolen internet connection- the world is my oyster.  Except coffee is not included in my oyster, so I'm sad 
is nerding it up with some iphone apps... work? Psshaw! (After lunch is going to be mayhem...  )
Wish me good luck. Really want my Sure Sild 
@lynsoliver so I'm told   I am very tempted though.  Apparently O2 only have the monopoly until next year then it's a free for all . . .
hates it when someone contacts us for a wedding on a date we're booked. Especially when they love us. 
@ofallpieces I hate medical situations too  Except the dentists... maybe because he has a flat screen tv on the wall...
@mirdonamy L A M E ! Clearly they're not very bright. 
@tomlambe you comin out on friday love? Otherwise I won't see you for a month 
In serious need of a cuppa rooibos chai and a backrub. Instead have to cook dinner and put away the shopping and chivvy the kids 
@scribb Means you can sell the 3G P&amp;G or give to my wife. Although she prefers pre 1990 phones 
Searching the internet Because im bored! 
@Germanwood Before The Storm? and hun i will send it to ya but im in my ipod so i can't send! 
@NIKYFIERCE I feel you on that. I miss ATL  If my boo would just start acting right, all would be okay. &amp; I'd be there. lol
@flamingokitty Whilst your sad you can but not normally 
@pieshopgirl it's BW?! Those jackasses! 
@Luphinus Apparently not. 
@Stephreno i love swimming! Unless its in a gross lake and i have a chunk missing from my finger b.c of the sharp dock 
Somehow there is always something sad that happens on my days off 
@Fuerniss I know.  It is quite sad.  Somehow their views of what's beautiful is distorted.  
@XChadballX For your precious eyes, i advise you to bring someone you can use as a pillow....or a body shield. Honestly 
My energy level is soooooo low.  Having to miss the Bridge tonight due to lack of any energy whatsoever. 
i need to get back on track, training and diet. Despite choosing an 'up' state, my energy today is shocking 
@chemicalscream: rip the batteries out! Unless it's evil and going off without them 
Totally forgot to mention I've been home alone.  Hence the going out...even more. 
I used half a tank of gas today... I just paid thirty bucks and four cents to fill up. Evidently I need to stop driving everyone home 
Why do people have to be so persistant? Obviously if I don't like the guy I'm not going to go out with him!!!!!!!!!! Arghhhhh!!!!!!!!!!! 
@newmediajim Been scouring for video of @anncurry session today. Nothing.  Overall...good day? Highlights?
@youlovejackie no. Because we need to talk. 
@TomFelton Given the state of the Australian cricket team at the moment you're probably right re: ashes... 
OK so 2hrs til my birthday. Having the worst dday of my life!! and I'm sure tomo won't be any better!!  Dread it!! 
@CarrieAnn_  For some reason your blog won't let me comment keeps telling me it failed 
There's a satisfaction that comes from finding something at the end of all of your searching... Unless you can't find it. Wrist brace? 
@LeslieSanchez hahah that's how I feel about you too! Except, I know I'm a fan! But you're not following me! 
@simonegordon LOL!! You have a point there. Except that I can't work this thing out properly. 
Lostened?  Clearly I didn't get enough sleep last night 
Flooded with all this pain.. Knowing that I'll never hold ya.. Like I did before the storm.. 
@enpointe i know! For me, it's been bitter for a year now.  
@primehex yeah I know.  Although I know that they're  different, in my mind, the terms &quot;rap&quot; and &quot;hip hop&quot; are interchangeable.
@fittorrent How are you feeling today? Besides being starved for food for the past 10 hrs  good to see you back tweeting.
@ek20385 Me too  We need more! I also need to send you more V! Clearly also need more V on my phone! haha
went to buy a camera tonight and the van battery died  Instead had an awesome dinner with some great friends!
Ghostbusters is quite fun and funny. However the lack of a save at anytime feature is a big no-no. 
Is it uncommon to wait 7 months for a GAF membership to be activated? Because that's how long I have been awaiting approval. 
@nerdist Just heard you and drew.  Following you on twitter now.  I'm just a follower.... 
Heading off to bugis to meet joanna. Having terrible gastric pains  - http://tweet.sg
@MC_Darius The question is if you heard it...did you like it? I know I didn't  Alas, I'm still hyped for the album.
Finally finished! ... Yet is bored watching her friends study 
@leespielman  you should text me. Because i still can't text you for some reason? 
@jakattack if u find some good advice that helps, send it my way - my one y.o. is a biter in the making  If I find a soln I will share too
I need $10 for 3.0  Although it's not even out yet =/
I don't see one reason to go to school today. Considering staying in bed with the Jeeves and Wooster boxset. 
FABS aren't as big as they once were/// Either that or i am alot bigger these days 
@jellybun broke up   For good this time...
I have a cold.   Normally I would call it the man-flu, but i'm reluctant to say the dreaded f-word now..
@Gofackadawg Even Buffy? 
@hanaabanana lol maybe.. Either way, i really think it was for the both of us  wish i cud go to a full service concert 
Prototype  Another idea I had seemingly ruined by a developer. Just like Road Wars! Although I'd love to play either of them.
got new rainbow pyjamas today, wanted cloud ones but when i went back they were gone  quite happy with the rainbow though.Already in them!
can't wait to go to Sheffield. If it was possible I would go alread tomorrow.But my flight is booked on 10th Sept.  hopefully...
Somehow i'm not getting any updates  wtf?
A train leaves me at the station at 3:35. As I walk away from the station I see my real 3:39 train leave me behind. The next one is 5:31 
@sshreyas: Neither of us will make it.  - Both of us have our summer internships. Am I right @arunchaganty ?
I swam. It hurts. It's a good kind of hurt. Apart from that. That's the bad kind of hurt. owwww 
@Ganga108 Especially the hands 
So many movies I wanna see, but no one to go with! Also, I am broke 
And! he is originally an Englishman.  Nonetheless, he cheerfully tells me they are having lovely weather in Oz even tho' it's winter 
Ugh  Because of the H1N1 virus getting to some high schoolers in MC, they cancel the Honor's Assembly (((((((((
Buying a new phone today due to loosing mine yesterday  Otherwise, I shall continue polishing up the styling of the whole website.
@captainfromCDU As if... 
re #iPhone3.0 some of my followers are saying 1800 BST others are saying tomorrow. Either way I guess I'm not getting it just yet. 
is tired physically and mentally. On the other hand,I'm hungry too  Whatever I eat seems to end up in the toilet bowl -___-
@ypforazzi I have your rain today ... but it is early so maybe it will clear up before I go home from work. Somehow I doubt it 
http://bit.ly/1HJXpA   If you guys want to see science education fail watch this steaming pile of stupid 
@Vanilah 	 	 As long as it will be inhabited by human beings, think of it 
@dangilmour After 5pm for us. 
I wanted to go to Cabaret night  Instead, I had to go home and feel sad because everyone else got to go
@unclebobmartin would love to. However I'm not at #ndc09 and taking a plane now wouldn't help 
Orla what you gonaa do when Supernatural ends? :L Shockin... Although no more sam  Xooo
Ah, bugger... Plan A fails. Planets don't align  Luckily, I was prepared for such an outcome, sad though it is. 
i thought bumping into an old friend tonite really helped my headspace. Until i got home and it all got f*cked up again 
I've reviewed the whole periodic table. But is not enough. I've got the lowest score! While the ones who did not, got almost perfect! 
Is it better to proof read emails before hitting send or not reading an email after you have hit send? Both? Beating myself over an email 
Freaking out so much about what's going to happen. Obviously something's going to happen to Reid  #criminal minds
@realestatechick Yes it did!  Although I didn't get to participate in a photowalk or post barcamp activities.  
@tegangrant Hence the blooooooooooood. 
@DanielBrydon Thats put the scuppers on that then, gmail   Unless mobile.me changes its costs to gmail levels I'll probably pass on that
@1capplegate Many viewers are sad as well  Yet another bad decision by  network execs!
@curiouslt doing great! Except for it's raining here today &amp; every1 here freaks out when ground is wet. I've been in traffic for 2 hours 
Worrying to much about tomorrow! Given myself a headache! As usual! 
I need new tyres for my car!!!  ......Yet more money i need to spend!
@grollman My thesis is due in 5 days. That's how I am.  Otherwise: http://bit.ly/cV6eC  which is cool
@_ashleysays if he's of drinking age he can come to. If not you will have to stay home 
@nnop Hahahahaa!! If you wipe off the sarcasm of everything I say, it will lose all meaning!  It is all I have! 
No cooperation... Having a bad day...  i hate having too much time... This new plan is starting to kill me.
I feel sick. Apparently my system isn't used to having a McSpicy burger every day 
@lorisheldon Going to have to do something with the tile in my kitchen this summer...grout has broken up. Already been repaired once. 
@SuperKaylo Apparently my winning code &quot;Isn't valid&quot; 
@elrooto same   It would've been really interesting.  Though I will still be enjoying #CoffeeAndCode while at work 
isn't too happy right now. After the week I've had everything is just piling up. 
@TheEcoist You look...um....good in green. Except you aren't really there 
@KyraCNN  plane broke in 2pcs in midair, or exploded in 2pcs.. wouldnt of been picked up on radar? Nevertheless, prayers to famillies! 
So it turns out that the CAE did keep me away from twitter! But I'm alive!...Though I don't think I did well 
have hurt my lower back and am now house bound  However visiting the doctor tomorrow for help!!!!
I tried to be careful and quiet coming in the other night. Instead I ran into a wall. 
is tired now....good thing tomorrow is my day off.  Also I miss my friend 
[ http://bit.ly/B5hHb ] However, still doesn't help me.  #iphone #att
@PsychYaMind NOPE. At least you don't have to go to weight training by yourself 
I'm eligible for an upgrade at a discounted price only from12/16/2009!!! Shud hv seen that coming...totally ignored the (For some) clause 
@Kittsky Indeed  gone now, though 
the new website is AMAZING! However, my server is down and I cannot upload it for the time being... 
@ddlovato is it in stores or something? Because its not on itunes 
@only1goldengyrl Because you called me the &quot;R&quot; word 
@Ste1987 Except I got burgled earlier 
@JavaJunky Whatever. I went back and forth with them and the supplier of the prize several times, and nothing came out of it. It was lame 
@beccaluvsjb YES!! I'm lovin it! Except I still don't have it... 
i need some pain killers a.s.a.p gums is Officially  over my tooth 
Currently running OS 3.0. It certainly was not a straight-forward update. Many little issues cropping up post-installation too 
I'm sorry to say I'll miss the Tweetnetworking event tonight. Both hubby and I got the kids' colds. 
Not Really Over Him As Much As I Taught 
Of course I'm using the house as a playground, it's pouring rain outside.Sheesh. Also 2 white sores in my mouth, don't know what they are 
@bening Huhu jealous. Even my dad is flying there tonight! 
@ladysinh I've been there... Especially lately 
@Ttiaona : I'm so sorry for your loss T  If you need anything, let me know.
@marygraceeee me too! Since this morning 
@Jamone As long as there are people on your server, other people will join. It's a paradox, I know. 
@BK4D Except it doesn't act as a toggle, it only shows, not toggle the showing on and off 
@Aebous too late. Already announced today. 
@Denkar1891 And I can't take any time off yet. I don't have any time built up. Unless I get a long weekend or something. Not long enough 
@KerryKate Unless they have balanced/realistic following/followers #s, I don't even bother adding them back. SO many serial adders here. 
@pauseproof i kno right. we kinda said fuck the Layover bullshit and rented a car to finish off! Otherwise it would be like 7 more hours 
@coheed that would've been awesome to see... Although i'm kinda sad to see no song from Second Stage was on the setlist. 
@kristianc great! Though can't seem to sleep 
@ChoeBe @ninirific This is quite realistic imho. U reach a point where u hav to make progress, or move on. Even if temporarily 
@Bextacy some people are just jerks and some have been pushed too far. Either way, you don't deserve it and I'm sorry 
@Russelman For real. It's like a sea of uncontrolled angst, ignorance, &amp; grammar follies. 
@idddy I'll see how. If i really go on holiday, then you all meet on thurs/wed with the gang without me lor 
I lost an important number after the 3.0 update. Yet another MobileMe mishap.  I wish I had a better memory. I miss you
@HireHeather Maybe. Except there was a shooting at their house... That ups the odds. I believe the are drug dealers, here in the suburbs 
@leetmarie I was seeing how long I could go w/o one. Apparently only a few hours 
@carrielinn83: @ashleej47 the fucking llamas were hiding at the zoo  Because they were doin' it!
@theraychul Wish I was closer   Unless they pay the photographers too!
I am so pissed!   Having so many problems with the computer.  No iPhone update for me 
@ReeseSondheim Yesyesyes!  I would love to be a part of an NF Hair production.  Though I think I might be illegal for me to get naked. 
I wanted to see one.  If/when you find out more, keep me posted pls! 
@dettebolton yeee!  I'm doing the same!  Except cleaning the mess that is my room 
@AngelaPatrice FRONT, MAMI.... If u only knew. 
just saw Knowing and really wants those two hours of her life back 
Woke up having an AWE-SOME dream again! Though some parts i cant remember 
is super forgetful. Already forgotten my cleantech blog password omg 
@TropicalBlend I cooked dinner! Yay me. Otherwise I woulda starved 
@NetherfieldJane to the stephanie meyer comment you posted! I agree so true. Even though I own all four books 
I'm pissed. Both of the boys are still up. 
I realized that I miss my family in PA  Also that I can tell my mom anything cuz she's happy how I have grown. I miss and love you all :'(
Dawww I dropped my carrot.  Godspeed little carrot. You'll never know how much I wanted to eat you. Because you can't read.
@molskee Really? *sigh* It's hard to believe a mother would kill her child whatever the reason. Therefore, I believe she's mentally ill. 
Wow! For a boat this size it's really rocking &amp; rolling like mad. I'm actually feeling sick 
wonders if she bruised the bone on the left side of her hip.  Because it hurtsssss. 
3.0 update... pretty sweet. However, being that I have an old iphone, I cant use anything cool like mms. 
Morning all. Currently syncing EVERYTHING back to my iPhone after having to do a restore 
Not a good start to the morning. While stacking up some plates for washing they fell and smashed my pyrex bowl. 
I need some Sensodyne.  Having sensitive teeth SUCKS.
Really needs her Rave King. Even though he's so far away.. 
@yliesan nooooo. Because it's so far away 
Weekend is near! Until then, a lot of work to do...for nothing  life sucks (sometimes)
@Shayini As am I 
@mish_x You better! Otherwise I'll cryyyy 
@steven_noble Or lose  Somehow, he has to sleep tonight. I'm hoping to, as well.
@Crilleee  snap. Already got it. 
Awake! Since forever 
I'm out in the middle of nowhere, enjoying some camping time with the fam.  However, I still have to work (even on vacay) 
@brad_scott I was asked to find a link from twitter for a campaign ACTUALLY!!!! As well as booking schools tours, accounts and PAing 
@metgirl4ever It's messed up. As days pass, I'm more worried about my position here, but I hate the job enough not to care that much... 
it takes sooooo long to move 2TBs.. Both macs are useless right now 
@jagdish: Where? I don't see prices of stuff, groceries etc. coming down. Infact, the rates of groceries are just going up! 
@LuvHappy :O you rt'd that? LOL it was funny! Until I realised the dead rabbit!  and 4 sum reason You had bright red/pink hair LOL
@thomassymons @gemguyjon I want Sonic   Especially if it involves limeade or slushies...
@joshgroban YAY!! I'm super psyched now!! Although they got rid of the good pbs station a while back. Sadness! 
Jelous Of People At Sound 2day  lol
@corkyjoyo I know. I'm really pissed that I can't record videos  Are you able to send MMS? Because I can't.
hopes everyone in the family can stay strong. Especially my mom.  http://plurk.com/p/11wkvx
@Cait_Cat Also, am a bit disappointed in this storm. It's only vague rumbly sounds instead of huge crashes of thunder. 
@pixel_juice Anything I want to watch, I can generally find streaming online for free. Except the cooking channel 
@jamiepotter @hannahnicklin LOL - that would be so funny if we did that. Apart from we'd probably get abused by the emos 
I don't want to go for tuition !   Haha . Though tuition is on sunday, I haven't really been going. Thats why i dont feel like going
@sickkid1972 that makes you more noble than I. I turned my picture green, but it looked like excorcist puke. Therefore, vanity wins 
I want some new followers  nobody loves me... lol For real I'm a newbi on here... I need some followers!!!
Today I'm thankful my parents raised me to be responsible. I'm 22 and almost debt free except for my car... Until that hosp bill arrived 
My goldfish has just died! I've had her for 7 years  And I'm crying :o I'm pathetic! Yet again!
Suddenly feel sad... Until now u still hatin me and without let me knowin what's the reason... 
@nlj just reaching here but doesn't godaddy have a MX server? Either way I'm stumped 
@kizabrat what happened ? Having a bad couple of days ? 
@Fbrwebstore oh, then definitely today! Otherwise i will make sad faces at you 
@MadameSoybean Because if they focus externally, they won't have to deal with their own unhappiness. 
Can't wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Jeez. At least eight hours to go.  Although I feel like I could do it all right now. 
I have nothing to do  I need a project. Having nothing to do, no use or function stresses me out.
@DDSweets Our team  Either that or stupid flashtweet is lying to me ... was something I found that can find related twitters to yourself
@DeepaPrabhu With that line of thinking, I will miss my vadu mango, alfonso, basmati. Not good 
@LAOCfoodie Though I think we ate most of the food, much of the booze went to waste 
@ADKodak According to @emmaleemeyer there's someone already camped out there.  I was thinking more like...5:30.
Expect wind &amp; hail says CNN. But I expected sunshine &amp; Skittles 
Depressed I am not a professional techie and heading to #BigChip11  If you do have the pleasure is it rude to tweet at the dinner table?
@_OC I'm serious, I made something similar the other day, and it was great... Already finished 
@SofiaAlessandra Haha well i am gonna be applying to more than one, so it should happen! Unless they think i'm not worthy  haha
@DwightHoward I wish I could bring my father back. Or a free education 4 everyone that make &lt; 250K. Since u can't raise the dead... lmao 
Kids supposed to have their end-of-year picnic in the park with school tonight. Assuming it's canceled because of the rain. No do overs. 
penelope is one of my all time fave movie. Right now all i want to do is go home and snuggle up and watch it. Instead im freezing at work 
&quot;...The guy gets all the glory the more he can score, While the girl can do the same and yet you call her a wh**e&quot; so sad 
REORG: With the merger of these organizations there will need to be efficiencies identified and obtained in support of the consolidations 
Shows are over. Already missing the prospect of playing Jazz 
@SteveGodbold Unless of course it was a valid account number then no bounce  #noaccountnamecheck
Definitely just bought this for .99 ... If only I had a VCR 
Bah! As soon as I install parallels tools on my windows7 bootcamp instance, it no longer works on a &quot;real&quot; boot 
My sewing machine broke. Fml.  There go my dreams.
you know what kind of car I want? A late 60's model Mustang... they're gorgeous. Instead I'm stuck with an 05 stratus... 
morning Bandung! As much as i love the city, i don't like the hotel i'm staying in, uncomfy 
@jalensmom us non #metweetup chicks have to stay together...  Since by the lack of chatter I'm guessing we're the only ones NOT there 
My cat is yowling funny and then hid under the bed. Either he's going to puke or something's wrong. 
@4EverSometimes I wouldn't know. Apparently 22 is not a good age for first love...  Maybe 23, hm,..
@HeatherPark It IS time that you left the office! Although I should talk...I just got home about an hour ago.  
@ShellyKramer  There are &quot;bandwidth exceeded&quot; signs on the blog you recommended. Therefore, one can't sign up. 
@webcrush @LegalCookie There's still time, tho. Esp for you two since you're closer. I'm all the way in the desert.    
Exams are DONE! Finally, totally screwed up the E-Business one though.. oh well.. 
@boobookittifukk we have those too, I love them! Though I haven't seen any this past summer. 
watching Snapped and these b!tches are crazy. Though getting lots of ideas. lol kidding I faint at the sight of blood.  lol
Solution to SQL problem found thanks to @Chibu. Apparently it wasn't even hard, I was just thinking about it wrong. 
How do I tell my grandmother (with alzheimers) that her sister (also with alzheimers) just died. Having such a shitty day... 
GetUpTime: 11:25. Naturally woke up around 9:30 but as the kitchen was busy I decided to wait a bit until people left. I feel back asleep 
enjoying a little lunch break before starting the course work I've been too sick to look at. Meanwhile, my poor fictions suffer. 
Random tip of the day: don't bring the pretty little lemon cakes from Costco to anywhere. No one will eat them. Although they are good 
@Micktorious @ReeDavies is very very very jealous - I wish I was in Williamstown - Instead im off to a meeting 
Somehow I totally forgot it was thursday, and I missed my class. Gahh  
@Chold1 I want to so badly! I can't get off work though. I'll still be at work when the game starts  Though I plan to be there in Aug.
So, now I want one! Since I can't have my husky right now 
I always cry watching Juno... am I the only one? Having a chill night with B, not wanting to sleep, cuz I'll miss him so this weekend. 
#inaperfectworld things would just go the right way for him. For the record I wouldn't treat him like this ever! Guys cry too! 
@mokudekiru Yay! Also, I tried to text you, but I forgot. (really, seriously. when I remembered it was no longer relevant  )
@yboey i hope i'll be able to. Depending how it goes this weekend. Training virtually down the pits. 
@franmoore22 I understand your pain, I seem to always miss these guys play. Somehow I missed out on butterfly effect + dead letter circus 
Oh sweet DrPepper, how you made me feel refreshed just now. Until I drop'd the last of you all over my floor. I shall miss you my friend. 
@Cynskeptical WTF Indeed, Fucn religion makes me people do weird shite and act in strange ways. That's so sad 
I totally hate this #inaperfectworld thing. Whatever happened to don't dream it, be it? 
@PattiB0i For some of us it's morning and work time 
I really need to fall asleep so I can catch my flight in the morning.  However, I am very afraid for what may happen once I get 'home.'  
Oh no, a partner of a carer at our daycare has a confirmed case of SwineFlu. There's talk our daycare may have to close its doors 
@chillybreck I'm good thanks, been soo busy not had a min to tweet. Hardly anyone I know on here now 
Just seen a dead cat in an abandoned room at the train station! Gross! At work silly early 
I'm so dirty  Even my slippers are that dirty.
@TheXiaxue Indeed touching but sad too, because they might do it as a publicity stunt 
@TheXiaxue Indeed touching but sad too, because it might be a publicity stunt 
@kamla Even I am trying to figure that out. Though no luck 
@CITROENRO it's not working for us. For some reason... 
@kyivseminary website is unaccessable.  I'll wait 10 minutes and try again. Otherwise our IT guys should be informed.
@kyivseminary website is un-accessible.  I'll wait 10 minutes and try again. Otherwise our IT guys should be informed.
@Ovidien  don't be anxious. Everything will be fine. Just remember to stand up for you. Because you're not always wrong like you think.
Is sleep vital? Necessary? Because I don't seem to get enough lately...but not sure I want to 
@benjorg you are a traitor.  how the eff am I supposed to bbm you now? Unless your stupid iphone made a stupid app for it. ;) ha.
@iambeck As proven by the two images, nope  For a few secs, but then it dies.
@backstreetboys :sigh: absolutely !!!  Although we've  never seen you face to face ... we miss you so much! ugh..  pls come to TURKEY! 
@backstreetboys :sigh: absolutely !!! Although we've never seen you face to face ... we miss you so much! ugh..   pls come to TURKEY! 
@backstreetboys :sigh:absolutely !!! Although we've never seen you face to face ... we miss you so much!!!! ugh..  pls come to TURKEY! 
@MattJohnson89 According to their own website my contract is up but according to the bloke in the shop and on the phone it's not. 
@sare_rah Nothing. Hence fml 
Somehow don't think I'm going to enjoy today 
I'm going to the zoo early today and I hope they don't call me off with this thunder... Otherwise I'm stuck not doing NN because its full 
@DFWClean However, they never turned up the next day!  
Leaving adelaide after staying with my grandparents . . . Both sad and glad to leave 
IPhone 3G is all packed up to sell tonight.Using a dumbphone for the day.I'm gonna miss you little guy  but hello IPhone 3G S later today!
@littleemilyjane another similarity ... Both off school today!  hope u feel better
My bookshelf just broke and woke me up. Apparently I own too many books 
@KrystalNichole....Whatever 2 both things u said in the tweet! Lol! U up and ready!!!  U won't get thr til evening tho huh? 
isn't feeling too great today. Having stomach problems. 
@Laurawashere09 Ditto 
I have no more work to do today and am not allowed to leave before 4  As dashing as I look in uniform, I'd rather be elsewhere.
Ugh i remember why i never eat mcdonalds anymore... Because cancer tastes horrible! 
Dangit, I was in such a hurry to not be late to physical therapy that I forgot to wear green.  However, I did have a green lollipop. :/
I will run when i hit that building! Or porta potty. Meanwhile, an old scary guy is staring @ me. 
Man its raining! Normally thats a good thing but my love wanted to go to the park w her kid now we cant go  maybe we'll do  something  ...
@Blazedd Even rapidshare is better than that 
Encore une fois! Having to go through the hassle of changing a forgotten password yet again 
@iyaDedE Apparently I can't follow u twice 
Dtrace to the rescue! Though it is hard using the pid provider on C++ code 
@JaffsDawson Either way...better than my feeble attempt...must try harder next time 
@JadedTLC  I wish I could have a dog    However, let me know if you have a 'stuffed' dog, like the one in Scrubs
@M_Quinn @rawkwell @aligator5 you guys should thank me for not going. Otherwise you'd be sick in bed with a bad cough! 
All the horrible smelling purple flowers are in bloom. Having an asthma attack  why an i allergic to all living plant things?!
I truly wanna live here...takes crazy bank, though.  Having a blast except I havent been on the beach yet cause it hasnt stopped raining 
the first outfit is MINE!! If i had enough money  http://www.marcjacobs.com/#folder=/marcbymarcjacobs/women/springsummer09/runwayvideo
@Wordlotto Apart from tweeting ???? nop  .. wt abt u?
@suegelber @moose2911 Obviously a bad decision by a misguided HR manager... 
@allie_kat Unfortunately not. The local suppliers don't have right size. Overseas suppliers will have to order. Exploring other options. 
@PhillyMarketing not much to the article. I hope it helps. Both are in the hospital  but the article does say where they are, she can call
Faced with a new problem in loading tweets in civillage  Only 20 API Call/hour? They have to increase it.
@irene2442 You and me both!  Although, my car is in the shop as it started stalling last night. 
Not such a great day  Whatever.
@snafilter No worries.  Undoubtedly I snored last night.   I'm totally planning to slack tonight and hoping the weekend work is limited.
@Prospekt42 I know  Although I only saw the Angell bit and the end but 
@kiwi71281 i guess so! I'm hoping i get to go to KI tomorrow &amp; sunday though. Otherwise i won't be going until after SOS 
Still lying in Hospital... If it interests anyone... No ones following me yet 
@seattelite this is true...;) Thus making it harder for me not to be there 
Ditto, Another day, another #squarespace, but still no iPhone 
No appointment w/out the form in their hands but &quot;we'll call you&quot; once it's faxed. It's faxed. Yet the neurologist isn't calling me back. 
@sandrainky I prefer bourbon. Except I'm medicated for tendinitis in foot  &amp;can't drink. But must drink &amp; climb tog sometime (JATD?)
the curse of fast food  @cavenerd Every kid I see on the street is fat. What is going on? At least they're outside.
@Juh_Kindreeah Besides, you know someone's gonna eat that! 
Oh dear.  Either I'm having a random allergic skin reaction to something or I may have... bedbugs.  
Gross. After having to answer phones all day now that I don't need to, when it rings I almost pick the line up!! Haah. 
@Flavorbank I assume Sally from Gordon's Cafe? If so, i'm afraid I've never had an opportunity to meet her so I am of little help. 
@aloofanwyn - actually, scrap that. Apparently it closed down last year 
Somehow, steak wrapped in bacon did not end up being good. I don't understand what went wrong 
I will miss all u guys at Boulan If u already dont know im actually going to smith next year 
My hair makes me look like a lion (like @MrsMccracken ). After the shower incident last night, I didnt get to brush it. 
Yay! Both 1187 bridges open! But just 1 lane EB. 
33k going into the first break.. Despite my valiant effort to win a pot I have yet to do so  super fast structure playing 2500/5k now..
endless wait..... After this is another 4 hours wait  fuck I hate waiting.
@dmeeno Its a sad day when i've been #followfriday'd a good few times, and got not one follower. Instead i've lost about 20  makes me sad
@JennPossible Already?!? Gezz, that's a new record! 
I LOVE that we have a President who is funny on purpose.  Having a President who is funny because he's a jackass was embarassing as hell. 
@ptrix4u2c  I have chili bears today... haha Otherwise I would be hanging out with you guys tonight... lolz
wishes i was cuddled up in someones arms watching a movie.  Instead of being alone.
@KandShi Grimmy's dead.  Even if he didn't actually -die- he's dead.  As much as it saddens me to say it *sniff* he's dead.  
@aplesandshanana Ahh!! With a burn, you need to wait 24 hours before you put anything on it. Anything before that can make it worse 
the girl i was talking to is so nice and cute though. If only I weren't such a wuss 
Just said goodbye to a friend heading to Iraq.  If it's your sort of thing, please pray for his safe return.
@TallWASP: Me, too! If I weren't planning on just going to bed, I'd invite you over. Alas! Already reading in bed. 
Going to eat with my NFC. Having a shitty day 
At home lookin at the wall  ugh guess its off to see my love. Until I go to work.
@LunaJune I'm keeping things apart from me  and I used to have nightmares, that people would come and get me, Although I will think sun..
http://bit.ly/5NMvY   Such a sad story! 
Waiting for my hubby to get home so I can get some shut eye. Otherwise Ill be up worrying til he gets home 
@tracy_nyc I'm gonna guess &amp; say the final four? Because someone read wikipedia once &amp; assumed I knew who they were, &amp; told me...was sad. 
@Aerostella Because we have a bad hard drive.  We're in the process of copying data from the bad one to a new one.
@MuertentheSNW grats on the kill. Moreso on the snuggles  jealous.
@7angela7 I know, the color isn't treating my eyes too well, colors can do damage to me. Having epilepsy isn't fun 
My nail just broke  Besides that, I love UrbanDictionary. http://i42.tinypic.com/wh1v21.jpg
 I think these two dudes got there daughter stoned. Otherwise they all have blood shot eyes and giggle over stupid things for fun
@_KittyKat3_ As a joke but yes.  And white. I own a pink one though. I know, gay.
Tudor. With lacey, amber, and the other panos's staff 
Gahh. Having serious sleeping issues 
has a stomach ache. I love being a woman. Except for this bit 
I hate sleeping for two hours then being wide awake.  Knowing full well I'll be exhausted when I need to actually be up and doing stuff 
@Courageous_one Likewise - well i need food seems like ages since i ate last - oh thats right it has been 10hrs 
Somehow made it through a party tonight. Now I feel 7/10 depressed.  And there was a black widow there! 
I'm waiting for my fairy godmother to come and tell me 'you shall go to the ball'. Although I think the chances are very slim 
Morning fleshlings  how r we all? At work this morning bleurgh! 
Only 7 days til my birthday YEY! Apart from my brother &amp; my friends, it would seem everyone else is oblivious  i doubt a party is planned
@andyrich2015 twating is a new experience for me tis good fun!good luck with the trip my friend. Although I hear your in council seats 
@Deborahbrook frock shopping will be no fun. Unlike you I have bumps in all the wrong places 
6am arrives oh too quickly. Trying to motivate myself to get out of bed and in the shower. Thus far, all attempts have been unsuccessful. 
@LolaSweet Because people like to eat raw cookie dough, they are pulling it b/c may contain e-coli.  some people reportedly got sick.
Its raining  Hardly anyone is on the streets damn ! Me and my familie gonna go on a covered wagon journey today.
just came from the Medical Centre. Apparently I have a fever 
is really going to learn how to make beef stew HEHE. Unless beef is not preferred? 
PLEASE tell me I'll be able to get back to sleep. Because I've already been up for longer than I want. Why am even awake??? It's 5:47am!! 
@Sarcasmoo Unless you b'day is at the end of the month, like me and everyone's sick of celebrating whenit's finally your turn 
@GPManga Sharing is very nice! XD Although I have about 20 manga that I lent to my sis &amp; her friends 6 months ago and haven't seen since 
UUGHH!!! For some reason my collage saved to be tiny and I can't make it bigger!!! 
http://bit.ly/ke3jU At loch ness, you know I'm begining to think there is no monster 
Why are you so terribly silent to me, @anguslogan?? Save my opinion about you by replying finally! Unless you don't care 
@AnirudhArya Even Harsh left now  There seem to be less and less reasons every day for me to stick around here
Up and dressed now. Apart from that not up to much today  its wet 
happy all my exams are over!!! Apart from the practice ones 
Pixar is full of all sorts of awesomeness: http://is.gd/17mH2 Even if it is a very sad story 
@prenvo like 1 max 2 seconds faster. When opening an app. Hardly noticeable to me.  maybe you have spider senses and see things in slomo.
@vi_jedi I hate the noise.   Though, I do like the commercial ones you stand behind.  They look kinda fun.
@David1969 fortunately @willcarling has been keeping us updated ... it's not looking peachy! Unless you're a Bok? Currently 26-7  
@akacarlos You bet! Since my parents arrived and I took some days off from work, I've been more tired than ever!  The yard awaits!
@katyaronoff I was up at 7! For no reason! 
@lewishowes - no one asked me to.  . If it were soon-ish, I'd visit. 
Lying next to delilah. Having a slight headache..  watching imagination movers.
@mgsteciu http://is.gd/17nO6 Apparently an issue with silverlight running from 'File://' and not 'http://', but I need 'file://' 
I'm all cute and dressed up. Yet I have a feeling no one is gonna see me 
@strontiumfox I had that re-tweet thing once. Except it re-tweeted &quot;penis&quot; 
Whole body feeling very painful. Having bad headache too 
@TheophilusL its definitely summer in Flawda. At 7 its hitting the 90's 
@conniecrosby I will, from now on. Exterior drive. As soon as I can afford it. 
@lamblove2 I'm SO excited!  Except the friend I was gonna go with can't go.  
@jazzy_xo Having fun playing PAIN ball aye?  I've been spending time at home the whole time, cuz it's been raining. 
Still not feeling good  sooo sick of feeling like shit what seems like all the time! I hate this! At least it's yucky out!
@sufian after aquisition the acquiring co. insisted too much workflow was embedded into notes 2 move towards exchange. Hence our position 
@ReallyShecky - Indeed, come on down. The sick heat here is really quite refreshing if you don't need to breathe.  
@zombietown I'm too broke to go out   Besides you're far too cool for the likes of me!
 I'm exhausted. Having pasta soon, thank god.
@edforever I second THAT. Apparently it was supposed to be this year but blur beat them to it 
@section59mike At least it's not because of rain 
@armanitran dude same here! Except I slept with the window open 
@guitarlove Hang in there. Besides drugs don't deaden the pain it just throws up a thin veil which the world loves to rip down 
@CocaBeenSlinky Such a shame 
@trent_reznor of course, touring must be exausting. After europe take a rest and then come to SA 2 say goodbye 2 us plz 
@KLHINGLEY Much too quickly.  
Needs Shelbeee to come ova pronto. Because @liddojeshebee had to take the effin pipe. and shelbee is the closest schmoker i know 
@IamFrannyB lucky I been up since 7... At work  all day!
@HollieSargeant Except I probs woulda shoutd at them for talking on phone and throwing popcorn on me and they woulda hated me 
Being 20 sucks..so close but Yet so far from that bottle 
Somehow I managed to add all my contacts twice and now I don't now how to fix it 
You're the first people I've admitted it to. I don't really do properly feeling down like this.  Certainly not without good reason.
Although the ball wasn't visible at all, it seemed like try Barbarians. Nevertheless, they made a try after the scrum 
lthough the ball wasn't visible at all, it seemed like try Barbarians. Nevertheless, they made a try after the scrum   #rugby #pumas
After work that is. Not sure if I'll have the time though.   At least the dress fits, even if it is a work out to zip it that last 1/4 &quot;
@UniqueBlossom And so excited M&amp;M are finally back. I missed them. Though, not liking the spoilers for the week of the 6th. 
The respected journalist @robfahey just tried to have sex with a bin. While touching me. Booze + karaoke = problems. 
I have 2 tix to the sold-out last night of Othello tonight. Except I can't go cuz I can't stop coughing. I will ruin the play.  
@brenden my mom hates vodka.... And she's paying rofl I wonder if a citrus vodka would work. If I start drinking imma want cigs too 
@Ahmadmz3 Grrrrrrr...   If I take it in and they can't find the problem and give me a new one, think I'll score the 3GS?! lol
Ugh. For some reason i thought yesterday was saturday and i thought today was friday 
Sometimes you have to work even when you're sick  Especially when you work from home... there's no sick days.
House is completely infested with mosquitoes. What is going on?! Worse this year than EVER!! Even getting inside my net and biting me 
@Katiee  I should learn what asthma is all about. If it makes you feel better, I struggle to breathe when it's windy.
@BethFishReads   Read.  After a glass of wine, maybe?
@pastachick Quite. There's a moral to all of this. Technology is amazing. It can also kill 
Beddd. Yet another day with no wembley tickets for te 20th  bad timesssss (n) goodnight x x x
@Jahoclave I don't agree with any quantity of DRM though. Particularly not if it keeps disabled people from using things they paid for. 
Trying to picking up a fathers day card... Either I have given it before or the inscription is just so untrue  http://twitpic.com/7yp9j
@ang_miller duh. Ps. If you guys don't come here for your lil break in august I won't get to see you before I move. 
@DeanLetfus I hang out in brisbane. The sunshine city! Except for today. 
@riza_a For shame  was kind of hoping it would be funny D:
@ChrisEYB ur lyin 4 attention! Besides its ur bday 
@hansonmusic So wanted to see this show, have been listening to the album all week. Having a fibro flare up. 
@nytimeskristof That site is amazing. Joined to contrib. fotos in future. However, DecoTix site has now crashed 
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE U (RENZO S.)  Though he is married 
54 pitches in 2 innings for Silva; As lead 2-0 
I have a gut feeling my dad will pass away soon.  Considering recent happenings.  
16 more hours till drobo finishes rebuilding its backup. Apparently 9 more days till the arbys is gone  i'll miss it.
Short film,all about my dog : marimo, is so saaaad  search it on youtube guys ! Esp. If you're a dog person ! A must !
@MadDCMiaNYC Because I don't have it  I am terrible at recording #'s in my phone &amp; I've switched phones about 5 x's this yr alone
Avenged sevenfold; where did you go? Your first two cds are fantastic. However, my failing at the guitar hero comp will always haunt me 
@FakerParis  Since  when did you stop following me. 
@Jonasbrothers Trying to come to the tour... Having trouble with tickets 
@TNgirl76 well darn   how close is it to you??  I'm torn...what should I do?  Although I think I already know what your answer is!
I feel so sleepy now, mayb last night, I didn't sleep at all. After that, wash hair and ask mom to go out, so stress now 
@travcope I cant quite break 75 at the moment though.  Nor can I keep going for more than 3 days at a time.
getting ready for my flight tonight. Not at all excited.... Yet? 
@kasiahasbones You don't look like a crack whore.  Whatever happened to vodka &amp; flower chains? 
@joshthomas87 put your credit card inbetween the door!! Unless the door completely goes against that method  good luck though.
Round-headed kid and what's her name met with a &quot;trainer&quot; today. Now they think they can boss me around. If only they didn't feed me. 
Feeling so sick. Even &quot;little cupcakes&quot; and playing the wii isn't helping. 
@Deshrii: yep! Apparently I need to consult you before you I do any shopping 'cause this is bullshit. 
i saw him, i talked to him, i fell for him, and he broke my heart. Yet i can't help but cry for his arms to hold me tight. 
@AgentSullivan After you said that i can't help but think about work and 'what happens next'. 
.@laprice Ditto - it seems to be getting worse 
@Roussillon @tappmeister IKEA have stopped doing the one I want. Looks like Argos FTW. Although most of my shoes don't have heels 
@tommcfly Are you guys doing t4 on the beach this year? Yes or No? If you say no i may cry!! 
Jst got up. Already in a bad mood 
Still feeling significantly under the weather. Hence, antisocial. 
Wishing I was Thin GRAH Having a fat day  
I hope it will rain. Because i dont wanna go to the cherry splitting party 
I actually have to go into work today.  Having these past two days off felt sooo good!
@JLSOfficial Knowing my luck, it'll come back on when i start my 8 hour shiftt  LoveeeYouuGuyyysss &lt;3 xxx
Fail, Dorans don't have my phone  Although the barman did say they can turn up a few days later so fingers crossed!
@jadehansen @tommcfly haha is it raining with u Jadesen? Although were probably gunna get it 
@ Beach With the Fam.   At least there will be lots of ALCOHOL!!!
@LadyPunk77 Ahh me too! He was my fave  Though the &quot;Stingray&quot; name kinda annoyed me =|
@llofte  You kinda get used to the fact that theres nothing u can do except hope hope hope that hes okay. Otherwise I wouldn't function 
@agapefest Family Force 5!!! If they arent already doing their own thing 
Somehow I miss my jaz terribly 
@BoRiche With bad traffic i mean standing in the rain beside your car on the highway and waiting for help!! 
@garydale I use it to keep my LinkedIn profile up to date too ;) Otherwise I can't do it  Just wish pingfm and tweetdeck worked together
Somehow, i feel as if i am destined for something big, and good... But i will never find or reach it 
With the kids at the church nursery. Having fun but i miss my baby. . . 
Nothing to eat downstaries  Apart from pears...ewwww!I hate pears
@SillyMillyy Ditto twinny can't wait to see u wensday but am not to excited about friday...The final goodbye 
Anyone Know If On The Fueled By Ramen Website, If They Deliver To The UK ? 
Off to a prospective adopter visit for GW. After hearing of recent return's phys cond I will be extremely tough to please 
@liz Same here! Although the new one seems to be running out of batteries faster than my old 2g 
@IndyWebDesign However, I think my problem today isn't the music. I just simply can't get inspired. 
Finally in my own room and bed with Judhi. While she's otp with hers, and mine's asleep  Aight go to bed with sore feet and back.
@AndrewTindall Apparently it's really well-known and has been running for years! And I've lived here for 17 years without noticing. Fml. 
my lil blonde lupus butt is avoiding the OUTSIDE! Though, I think i am going to have 2 go out 
@centac I has no-one on there, now.  Except poor black&amp;white Feli.  
Home please? It's stormy and I want to curl up on the couch. Instead I'm in the lonely office 
I want my phone back ! Using this one is like cheating on my other one.  
13 going on 30 with the wife. I love her more than 24... thats right i said it. Haha. Officially not my wife as from a week today  xx
@VisitLeadville YES! As a matter of fact I DO wish I was there 
I miss him.  Luckily Eph is here to make fun of me if I get too mopey.
@ManMadeMoon For me, it's fine. But my family lives in an outer-borough. For them to see it is a nearly two-hour trek. 
@crucify_brett Because I do. 
@my_bella_007  In a kill shelter, if a dog is not adopted, it is PTS. Even if the dog has mild behavioral problems, the same may apply 
@weebles No way! Already? damn man. 
Somehow some way,i still sorta expect him to ring me up&amp;go 'U!I RINDU U!'its been 2wks.3 yrs.can't deal with it.i miss ken so much 
KFOX plays the best music. The bone is a close second. Although i still miss KSJO 
@MovieSpaz Though, I was careless and got a strawberry fingerprint on #3, so I'll probably have to buy you a new one 
@TiaMowry yeah, just change the password.. While I have your ear: I totally fell in love with The Game... in syndication. I was too late. 
@BeejiveIM According to who? Upon seeing your tweet I checked both the upgrade and app pages and both say it's still 2.1.0... 
@elle_oh_elle_ @shelbiiCat Such a bummer! 
Today ive 2 move all my things from my old locker 2 a new 1. Wasting time. Whilst i also hv 2 check 3 guidelines of next project 
@AlexAllTimeLow  I don't actually know you personally, so I can't say if your a jerk or not. Nor should anyone.
@TheMacMommy Having a wifi hot spot with you at all time is worth it. But I've got two others using the ATT phones too though 
Just had to cross 'meet the gosselin's'off my bucket list. Why? Because they are no longer a family. 
@PLANETLYNX forget all that I am hating... Although I am having fun what I wouldn't give 4 movie night @ home.  
The past is sweeter than the present, give me another chance &amp; I'll treasure it. I'm sorry, E. Though you won't see or know this 
I confirmed it was gastric. After meal, all pain gone. I tot i have Transformer 1 dvd, nope, i dont have. 
Somehow I don't have enough to eat today. Every meal has been interrupted.  Still hungry ....
Why do I get so tired so easily? Lately, I'll sleep well, then wake up, feeling awake, but a few hours later, I feel like sleeping again. 
@hcgegenfurtner I have to run. You know. For school 
State TV saying Neda killed by protesters who staged filming &amp; R now arrested.  Assuming some torture induced &quot;confessions&quot; to follow.  
@ToThink I can't handle days like that... Even chocolate won't help. 
My stomach has been having serious techno sessions for days. Whatever I eat will come out within an hour. I hope my anal didnt stretched 
@briigita I want to know where the band Paramore from.Because I don't know. 
What a voice. I really enjoyed the Karnak questions. Both are gone now 
Afraiiiiiiiiiiiiid ;_; Having physic exam tomorrow and the prof, who tests me, is so scaryyyyy 
@mostar Can we just escape to Easton now? Although I hear it's 800 degrees out. 
@DorionBET I know! Because atl is falling real short. I bet you having hella fun 
@ScienceChannel For some reason I am not able to see that page about the electric car....I've already tried with 2 different browsers 
@DanC987 Because I like to mould. 
I wish I went to IMATS!  Although I heard you couldn't get a pro card without documents anymore.. 
@SerenaRose Because things don't go as I wanted 
@davemora you are right! i read that a few weeks ago. What is the world coming to? Even poor little Perez got smacked the other day. 
@DaleChumbley LOL.   At least you'll be well protected?
@diapers4three I think you'll really like it. Except it is sad at some parts. It made me cry. 
@DMB_ Whatever what? I just told you to call me later? What's wrong 
@elllebee i was a foot away from making something like that myself. Instead i had peanut butter on a cheese bagel which isn't amazing. 
@Blitzscream Aaawww...  *huggles* If he doesn't bring Silverbolt back, he shall suffer my righteous wrath! &gt;:-[ ... er somthin'! :p
What can I say? @ohmygarters fancies me so badly.  I feel soooo bad  So I'm uploading.  Sozza.  If you could... http://tinyurl.com/ltcwbt
argh, not again! pywebsvcs declares self.from in generated python code. Given that from is reserved in python 2.6, this means...patching 
I'm all alone, there's no-one here besiiiide me. Aside from a fluffy purple unicorn. But she doesn't count. I need vodka 
@427 was it random or during a friends cut? And did they say why? Also, 
@MatthewHLeach As a Mets fan it's my undying shame that Mets fans do the wave EVERY game, last night i was in the section that started it 
Nope nobody there. In the whole internet. Nobody. 
@carole29 I got annoyed for no reason, yes. Or you could say I'm still annoyed that he ain't dead. Either way, I've lost! 
after 3 years of not going to the dentist, I went today.  Needless to say, I'm going back tomorrow for more fun. 
@SoozieQ I am NOT kidding   Granted they haven't painted the skin color...yet...but I mean WHO puts that up in 2009?!?
@sharkstyliens I have a meeting I totally forgot about so Unless we can meet real late we will have to reschedule 
@JazzyJoann Because the lady from kiss told me that the person you bring with you to the soundcheck has to be over 18 and my friend is 16 
@NickSnider  im sorry your foot still hurts; it looked pretty bad in the pic you tweeted. Besides the cut, how was the trip &amp; shows
People say I'm the life of the party Because I tell a joke or two Although I might be laughing loud and hearty Deep inside I'm blue. 
People don't just fall out of love over night right? Meanwhile finally caught up on some much needed sleep! I miss my family 
http://twitpic.com/88k4l - I should be here.. Instead I'm here cooking a hot dinner in a hot kitchen. 
@necolebitchie Somehow I suppose the answer isn't Lupus... it never is. 
@ddlovato 'breathe... Without you, but I have to' 
@pelicanito Despite the fact its 95 degrees here, the water was cold  Why dont you swim anymore? If I may ask.
Its 12 am and I can't go to sleep. I am scared of what I might dream. Because then I will miss him even more 
@VDog Besides, my husband won't let me get new ones - he says a girl only does that for the attn of other men, not for their husbands. 
@BrittGoosie yeah i wouldn't advice you to get it for her. Even if it means having a fight with her 
Just when u think things cudn't get any worse, of course they do. Because u jinx urself. Now if only we cud find a way to fix it. 
Not sure if my cat was really chasing something under the bed. After the spider incident I'm considering a move to the couch 
Blitzkrieg at Glastonbury this weekend? Regardless, I wish I could be there... 
@BrendaMejia I wish someone would make my excercise mandatory   I'm really lazy.... Hence why I got fat in the first place haha
Jacck just ate an entire live roach. Needless to say, i didnt ask for a kiss as i put him back in his crate like i usually do. 
felt good that he ran 4 laps earlier at the park.  However, shortly thereafter, he stuffed his face with food.  
So i fell at a bar about two weekends ago and hurt my ankle/foot. Should it still hurt? Because it does 
@RaymondZhuo Because you never want to come. 
Why can't I just say it??... Instead of being so scared...  
@ImHollyScott yes.  For good.
celebrating G's life. Having a crazy time. I wish he was here 
@ItzStarrNicole Even those are gone!  The 1 nite I get some early bed time doh!
@sophieoxford ooo those guys sound good Currently working through your mix tape list I have to admit to only having a couple of the songs 
How much do I hate the N85? Lots. After demonstrating how to Bambuse on adland.tv to lots of people the screen quit working. 
@kvf88 I know its horrible! If I want to upgrade itll cost me $438  I might reduce the blow buy selling my current phone though!
I'm listening to 'Everything We Had' By The academy is... how sad  i was BAWLING when i saw them perform it live! santi&lt;3
It rains in germany ! Small break  Perhaps a loose run- training.
...I'm not tired. Although, I do have work in the morning. Missed @mcfirstnamelast 2nt! 
Skewning: Check. Now on my way to granddad in Golda. It's beachday people, go for it! Unless you're working like me 
@weezyg Yes miss haha!!! Having a lul in confidence this week....  havent got anything done  How are you feeling then, better??!!!
@Mazuin now, i'm jealous! you have to go buy me loads of clothes okay! Since, i'm not there. oh oh, abah is sick! 
Why have I adopted a FooPet? Because I am bored. It's heaps cute but I'll prob stop playing in a day or so :p I signed onto Rescreatu too 
@robertk328 Of course it is. Because I have to take my old car, with no A/C, to the dealer in Springfield for my trade in. Miserable. 
@andybudd My 2p worth: keep it real.  Using plenty of real life examples, makes any subject easier to digest. Wish I was there 
@Smallzy lol we dont go with out. However still can get iPhones cheeper 
I don't know what I'll do , If i lost them.. 
Being alone at home, ain't so fun.. Somehow, it's creepy. Especially when it's at night 
@MegFitz I can't I'm afraid  Otherwise I would! Looks good!
would like to be out by the pool.  It is so warm out!  Instead, I am stuck at work 
Finished reading the Farseer trilogy earlier. Despite reading it three times before it still makes me sob like a child at the end 
@KosMoney Awwww!  I know what you mean! Except when I was sick I wasn't in good spirits. I was miserable..lol.
How did I reach 25 without a single best &quot;friend&quot; male or female? I have plenty of &quot;associates&quot; though. Clearly this isn't healthy. 
@Graendal There are  Though what I've done so far wasn't soo bad - you just look for dodgy data.  Ther rest is just math, as far as I know
Hurt my back... Currently immobile on the couch.  Hopefully will be able to get up later to take photos of our custom headbands! A
had a day off! Relaxing! If it wouldn't rain all day 
To all my followers: everytime I look for you the sun goes down. I love you all you are my reason to be twittering. Except @bloodyangls 
@211me UGH! After trying for awhile I got the form filled out and then it went offline   I think I should win out of frustration!
What a crazy day. Having to make a tape for my route. 
@ljboni I care and want them too. Except I just spent all year growing out my hair so it would be 100% natural. 
@princetim Awww, that's terrible. Particularly so far away. 
I have bad news my friends... I am no longer a FOX Employee. As of today I've become a victim of budget cuts 
@SDPaddy Haha. Indeed. I do not own that one, sadly 
@saraht578 CSSEdit is simply amazing. It's the best CSS editor I've used. However just be aware that it hasn't been updated since 2007. 
This morning no connection via firefox later no identica at all. At present no login via firefox and seamonkey  !identica
A show about fat people dancing. Because everything is funnier when fat people do it? 
Somehow in the last couple minutes I managed to lose my bus pass! Why do I have to lose every fucking thing?! 
@LdyDisney No.  Although she was awesome, I already have too many here. She needed a good home where she could be queen. ;)
@katiejohnstone nooooooo i haven't  Since I'm at my Aunt's house I don't think she has HBO  :'(
Shopping equals awful . . . Especially when i have no money.  but i found a gorgeous dress for the wedding!
Wow. Both younger siblings had their wisdom teeth removed this week. That's rough. 
I have just registered on twitter. I am typing my first entry. Otherwise I am job hunting on the internet. 
is heavily researching about Accordance! If only I have the money now... 
Just had a bit of a fall off a bike. While PUSHING it. Cuts and bruises all over the place 
Shoot For The Moon! Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. 
@sytycda Could not agree more!The unison&amp; committment was incredible.Considering the pressure they r under made it all the more amazing 
Exhausted. Even so, my bed is super comfy/cuddly  Overall: content.
My left eye is causing most of the problem. Considering a makeshift eye patch 
@moonfrye I find your tweets are extraordinarily and consistently positive. Given my own last tweet, I could take a page from your book. 
Apart from I-tunes, can anyone recommend a good and reasonable download site? And I should say &quot;legitimate.&quot; 
@susanstn it is more abt u r heart and where u want to go in Biz  As for love that is a different question LOL 
@perrins, d'oh  Although I still don't know which of the 47 labs in SV that is. The one in Burlingame?
Today I'm *all* about #Cloudforce '09. If you're here too, please get in touch to meet up  - http://bkite.com/06fD3 (via @danwtmoon)
I also just want to give acknowledgement to my dad &amp; half-siblings before I COMPLETELY leave. For them I'm completely grateful! 
@MakeupTalk Yay! Following you too. Looking forward to your blog updates 
@KellyNg With mainstream media's reporting &amp; the increasing occurrence of the fail whale, you know eventually your friends will catch on 
@gigdiary @bugmum I think he got our descriptions mixed up Bugmum  Either that or you gotta tease him more, treat em mean.....
is still tired..Despite her 6 hours last night  x
@jemma_foster Ditto,yes we should and we should also stay at nannas like every night 
All my siblings loved my cookies! I'm so glad. Even my picky mom and my old man liked them! 
@TdMPhotography After winning the #galvinstwitpic comp yesterday I'm going to enter this one for sure 
Chilling with the posse. Having a cheeky beverage. It's good to own land.  so
Add us ,  www.youtube.com/LiannenJessicaa There Boarding right know but they get better believe me  , ADD USSS !!!!
@PembrokeDave I'm good besides feeling a lot like one of the Bandwagoneers.  how's your room? Much better? 
Researching/editing before Illustrating 
@HilzFuld only trouble with tread type iPhone cases is it's hard to put into and take out of pockets... Otherwise, very impact resistant 
@tweetie well that's impressive. Both spot 25 AND spot 26   http://twitpic.com/2yabd
@Teresamerica Indeed.  You should read my posts on global warming.  Just do a search on my site for &quot;global warming&quot; and have fun.  
Looking for a good recipe for Tiramisu. If you have one, tell me plz. Hosting big dinner tonight 
It's too cold to play tennis. Therefore I should not have to be at work.  That's my feelings on the topic.
@nicolerichie and @joelmadden 's little love tweets are so cute  However, @aplusk and @mrskutcher 's make me want to vomit.
@Frassington Both !  
Writing a blog post on graffiti in Doha. If you see something hilarious or random in the coming wks, please snap a pic and send to me! 
I &lt;3 music.  Having an extended music appreciation moment here in the studio at http://kruufm.com  
@will_lam With as many failures I have had I should be the wisest woman alive. LOL 
@lovejonz618 Somehow that doesn't sound right. 
@cassieventura I wish my new web page (www.YourMusicDream.com) will be successful.  Except from that I want to get rich and famous. 
@mreding TuneBuds Mobile are not part of the TuneBuds sale. However, you can use TWITTERAPRIL and save 20% 
@LanieFuller For editing, you get an A+++ 
@IrisJMacro I'm alive. Having lobster in an hour  will send longer text later. Insufficient Ballerina over last few days.
@mpilatow - The consequences of SEO would always be the responsibility of SEOes, not the clients. Otherwise why would clients hire SEOes 
@sbraxtonlieber It would be perfect for that ;) At least I bet my wife would think so. 
@kaymania hey kay  welcome back to twittering? Lol. If you have an app trust me it gets addicting!
went out last night...I don't drink but I still woke up with a headache! Having a late breakfast and figuring out what I gotta do today 
@MariaParkinson I hate working for others too. Unless its on my terms 
I'm texting with my mother in law. Bizarre. Also, yay for rain and sleeping in! 
@ShellyKramer Ditto 
@TobyMonk ..Needless to say I'm a tad confused... Apart from that it's been a good weekend. The weather's been kind 
@dennyabraham I wouldn't want other people to suffer, that would be like -100 karma points. Besides, my twitter is a &quot;no-meme-zone&quot; 
@angela I am not xD And If I was, I know it could be more 
YAY YAY YAY computer again   For how long, though?!
@zackdft So are we!!!! They better be writing new songs for us!  Unless it was a coincidence, in that case get some food.
LOVING the nice weather. Having a couple and enjoying my saturday 
@MJD_1981 As in great 
@Schofe never doubted you for a minute Schofe I think all those who do are just trying to get a reaction out of you! Unlike me 
The boyfriend loaned me the pickup today. Woot! Even if it's a Republican truck, it's still convenient for shopping. 
@econ_cat As a boy, I can categorically say that this is true. 
@BlackoutsBox  Apparently not.  For once, I'm glad for suburbia!!  
@Slider1111 yeah, that's true  Certainly not a bad start to the day 
is multi-tasking.  Downloading music, burning cd's, corresponding via email, and tweeting.  Already did my workout today  
i think from now on, i'm bringing my camera everywhere i go. Besides school - haha 
Plurk na lang later.  After lunch dizziness. LOL http://plurk.com/p/ox719
San francisco is beautiful. The view from my room is so pretty! Having some fun tonight and sleeping in tomorrow 
I love the Weasel.  There I said it.  I feel much better now. 
GUYS: FOLLOW @TheLaliEsposito she's my friend.and she's Lali  If you don't meet her,don't care,you will see,how excelent person is she 
;OOO I'm going to a party  I think :S !! If my Rawn  if I come ! 
@emmers44 Haha, I bet. Either way, he's still adorable. 
1:35am....I found my book manuscripts I wrote in 1988   With a little editing, they are ready to be publishes 
I'm really sprung out over this man I married  he rocksssss! After 7 years he still makes me feel nervous &amp; cheesy LOL
Man, i cant wait to appointment for sd screening auditions. Whatever they're called. 
Sleepyhead. Having lunch now, then going back home 
@ramereth @MickHD As disgusting as it looks, it tastes quite good  Including the Motrin (tropical punch flavor!) lol
You guys have no idea how evil can people. Or am I just too paranoid. Whatever shit it is, I simply just hate all people 
@mtaulty Did you enjoy your session? Except for the OOB fail it was a very informative and up to your usual high standard 
@kayakoteam Yep. We all have. Though we moved it to it's own machine recently which _really_ helped. Flying now 
@misty2k As am I  #f1 #trends
Logging out to attend mass.  The heat's making it unbearable for me to hear mass during my regular morning sked.  Until later... 
@susieblackmon you're welcome. Beside's, it 's true  
@Dropsofreign Indeed, and what a classic song as well ... if it was blip.fm I'd be giving you props 
is going to see her mum and dad  With her picnic, hope the lawn is dry ;)
@SHEBYTE Either drink coffee or don't! Same goes for liqueur 
@bciaramitaro so am I contributing to the book?  Also, add &quot;Predictably Irrational&quot; to your reading list.
@DoomGolly Bo! As in the late-nineties British urban greeting ;) Who did you work with I'm confused 
@mjkirkham Yay! I'll have to look for it when I get online.. And, I'm assuming the finale will be good. Especially if they re-filmed it!! 
Chromium for Ubuntu: Every time you try to write inside a text box, the browser crashes. Besides that, the browser is looking good 
Going to try and fit 2 weeks worth of college work into 2 hours. Somehow don't think i'm going to do it. Ah well...    &lt;3
@P0150N0U5F15H Because I am L 
@GreyGirl6 While I don't disagree with you, from the other side, I like getting mowing out of the way early some days. 
Haha... that message was from @lukeybear08.  Apparently he wanted to tweet on daddys account today 
@nikki_morris And aren't you glad that you didn't give birth to 7? At least you can send 6 of them home at some point 
@calebcanal Lol! Indeed it does! 
@mattChevy Even if he sets on 10,000, it's totally missing the point of connecting. And no, it'll never happen 
@JahPaul The people who care are those who are on these lists or ALMOST on. If you're not in the race, who cares what number you are? 
New book! Yey! Although i've read 3 of the novels already and have them- it's nice in one book!   http://twitpic.com/3lis7
@karasorensen @missroboto I turn three cards, then reduce their meaning to 140 characters. Hence a tarot twreading. 
@HollyMaz Because they think the idea of it is pointless, but obviously we don't  &amp; thanks for the add on fb
We made it! Despite @joriatthedisco trying to sabatoge us all the time  http://twitpic.com/3lm80
@CELEBSIDEDISH is there a way for me 2 find others who enjoy the same things that I do? For exam: how did you find me?  I am new at this!
Hey . . . doing nothing right now apart from being on here and FFE ;) Also youtubing 
Only six, errr 5 tweets away from 2500.  After all this time, I wonder if I will tweet something interesting? 
Whilst eating Strawberries 
@depping I was quoting Edsger Dijkstra who first created the use of semaphore in programming. I do not speak Dutch. Yet 
@heidimontag Question... The hills is it all real or is most of it exaggerated??  Either one i love it soo much!!  xo
Finally saw the movie Knowing - it was great 
We're home from Charlottesville.. Finally!  The ride home is always so long after a weekend like that 
OFSTED are coming. . . . Although the least of my worries . . . . Jumping in, i  may pop up for air, if not.  ttfn
@QuadsZilla Certainly, I would dance in a grocery aisle. 
No trouble even after the late comming, good start. Having good times with my friends 
@mattycus /hug.  Whatever you think is best for you 
if I'd thought about it, I would have realised recent panic was hormone-exacerbated. foolish body. Nonetheless thanks all for kind words! 
@BojanaMCR Okeydokey!  If the dvd doesn't work when you give it back, I'll stab you. 
@IOWinfo ; a lovely weekend was had by all, thanks. Indeed the night was clear (and chilly) and the days glorious. I even have a tanline. 
@winafred_jen Having visions of you sitting in SB pouring some out for your homies.I hope you didn't! What a waste that would be  
Yup, go that presentation. SOooooo not happening... O Having fun, tho 
@vikkilea You *do* make me curious, though.  Also about my own actual website (which, this reminds me, needs updating).
Demain  With Youu (l)
@NGowers I'm here.  Although I assume you were making a jest about my avatar change. 
@pripper I could only get a score of 9 in the game:  http://bit.ly/14AmJH. If the shoe was from @zappos I'd be able to get 99!! 
@sitdowncomedian hot as in in a warm place or hot as in cute guy or hot as in fantastic work opportunity? Whichever way, it sounds good 
My new camera took a 100ft tumble down a crag. Somehow it still works 
slept for a total of 13 hours!  Wow!  At least I caught up.  
@serendipify have you tried XL? If you haven't, then don't bother 
@MolsonFL Because I don't want it to last  LOL
@mikeylemieux I sold you're all talk yesterday! Sowee! If your after a tee design though let me know 
@OriginalWicked Of Course! If you hear of any other place plz refer them pprkc.org our contact info is there 
Is so happy that she just got to see her hubby on GNW. Such a lovely surprise 
@arusbridge No, found the vid on Waxy.org. Having run up all the places as a kid makes it much more impressive though 
@TracyeDukes Hey, thank you! Both for the listen and the kind words! 
@MeaganFrancis Ditto for being a happy dad  I think that men tend to have very high behavioral expectations for sons. . .
I have followed most of you, but seems I missed a few out! If you didn't get your follow then please @ reply me and I will follow you 
@amypalko @ukdivorce Combining food &amp; blethering sounds like a good plan 
@lindarr Definitely take some time to pray. For some reason, it always works! 
@ChrisCavs I have the day off! Hence that means I am still in bed 
@LynneAnnie Because it is you and you know lots of people in retail I will let you bring more than one guest.... 
@FurbleFox Indeed we should - let's go to the gym together 
@mja320 Thanks!! I just picked out prints I wanted in my office when its all over  As long as I am buying prints and frames 
@ahj Looks like they don't want comments any more. Obviously don't want ppl correcting their incorrect, lazy, shoddy journalism. Fools 
On the bus on the way to school. Blahh! At least its good weather so it must be a good day 
@Dooflegna replied! Even though you are gonna hate me http://is.gd/tBBD 
@tyamdm You could very well be the exception to the rule.    Although.. I've been known to exaggerate.
@JackiePalma not crazy at all. If i had the money i would be traveling to the usa to see them! not crazy at all!!! very very normal 
@NIQNIQ Basketball? If so, you should 
@FlissTee Not at all. Apparently I was very talky as a youngster, then I became a teen and stopped talking.  This is me compensating.
@ZefanyaDeby Indeed, Nia  Does it works for you? hehehe...
@Jecsa As long as I keep drinking blood, i should be okay... 
@nwoidaho That sucks! I'm not a fan of frosting. I think it should be outlawed. Unless it's cream cheese frosting, that is. 
@aliceletts Thanks for posting your photo on: http://bit.ly/fMWos ...some stunning photography! Coupled with an awesome subject of course 
@jeeStyle well, that's nothing new coming from you  Since i know you, you are sleeping at days, and working at nights
@falkingo As in &quot;Four tips to get creative...&quot; or as in &quot;4 tips to get creative...&quot; or asking me for tips to get creative?! 
@Suryal With his mind silly. he is Sylar after all. 
Raining again this morning... Having a walk nonetheless  http://twitpic.com/3peyv
@shrek9 Point is those elements don't become Cabinet Ministers &amp; push forward regressive policies...Unlike the Cong http://ow.ly/3pa2 ! 
@Debbas Indeed she is entitled to her opinion.  
@MyOnlineShop Technically it's half the distance to Timbuktu... technically 
@kazaroth I quite like them too. Because I like that one song. 
@MaryJeanLA I don't know, my dear. However, I am know happy to know that they are ticking together 
@carlonicora Ah! At least they don't meow every 15 minutes to be let in/out with interim demands of attention for playtime 
@mark_wade Because regex testers sucks.  Need help?
Still in Urbanananaaa. Having fun just kicking back &amp; hanging out. 
@alanq you crack me up. If I knew you for real, I'd buy you a drink! 
Drink seven done.. And ah, spilled. Though it wasn't me who committee the party foul 
@MadisonMitchell I don't care. Assuming you're posting either lyrics or a title, I'm doing the same. Apocalyptica 
@westcoastvegas LOL that'd be fun... Since I go everywhere anyways 
@lisang I was kind of surprised your name was not on there.  Perhaps there was a Canadian-Israeli quota 
@inavillegas WAY WORSE. Though I don't think it can happen. I just need to get it a phone condom 
Waiting for me dad to drive me to the train. Having a busy day untill 6 o'clock, when my boyfriend is here. Yay!  &lt;3
@Lemland Because you want to be 
&quot;I eat... Therefore I am...&quot; re-tweet and fill in the gaps folks 
@JonathanRKnight the list goes on and on  If you ever feel compelled to share,I would be willing 2 listen! It could b our little secret :p
freelance job: done!  I'm now about to go to SLEEP. As someone who has lived on naps for the past week, you could say I am pretty excited.
@CherubNkotb Suppose all that matters  @JonathanRKnight If you're awake, I'm sure she'd really like a DM... even if you just said hello!
Morning , do I gather it is a special day today. Not sure what you could do with, so give me a clue.. Apart from one million dollars 
@BaconBellyBoy Especially sunny ones 
@mkgaLvez  @lalouline Thanks for Following 
@robinrimbaud Likewise! I'm sure we'll all be swapping tips over the next six months ... very exciting stuff 
@jimmysmithtrain  Thanks for Following 
@davidlingholm Thanks for Following 
@padhopper lol! Whatever works. 
@TiraFA There can be miracles when you believe. Though hope is frail, it's hard to care. Who knows what miracles you can achieve? *sings* 
@Maffs_sf Because of gossip girl  Hes amazing ! 
@HouseTrip For the love of ASW, you shall be followed 
@RachelsNewfie  Despite your hyperness, I still enjoy teaching you guys 
@Trundling_Grunt LOL! After Asia, I won't be traveling for work for awhile but doesn't mean I won't be on hols! 
@mardhiahs Ain't it just to celebrate the D5000  Whatever it is, I never regret buying this lovely 400D. It is still my precious! 
@thesidsmith Certainly luck is on your side! 
@maryahitani No I don't want a mr perfection... Besides that doesn't even exist.. btw  xx
@lozz at least hopeless romantics aren't dead. Yet. Nor they ever should be. 
@danielbrolund Knowing you, I think it's a good sign. 
listening to the football, enjoying the sun. Ignoring his thumb, and applied for jobs! Now what?  
@dELYSEious Only if they are served with hollandaise sause.  Otherwise they are just eggs mcmuffin 
@JJhitz As always.we will win the premier league... 
@RuthAnneAdams Hee. Whatever they may be - enjoy!  
@brownbugz: Likewise, that is a mutual feeling  Always good to find someone who makes it a point to ride. 
@superheroaustin if you want to go we can hon. As long as we watch the notebook first!!! 
@rowansingh 15% is only the same rate as VAT! As your a friend I'll do it with a 0% service charge 
@kennbell Somehow I don't think quick &amp; dirty will come through in your work. 
Amazing, with everyone's retweet help we've managed to get @ace_frehley to #8! If you haven't followed him yet, do it now 
Eating Kettle Corn and watching Transformers. Why? Because I can and the guys are hot. 
@mileycyrus your movie made me happy inside and out  Especially &quot;boom boom clap&quot; You're amazing!
http://twitpic.com/4grqw - I am at prom. With no date. 
Oh I LOVE my strips coming up. After I get some final design work done, I'll launch the new comic. You're gonna love it. 
@Emmieleigh I think it's like another hour...LOL!!! Normally it's only 2 hours, but @retrorewind luvs us too much to say no 
@savagemike Because Bill Gates has a secret cyber implant placed in your brain and you don't know it lol 
@weedoutofthepot tweet more.  did you read the Knowing wiki i sent you?
@FluppyCrack  Because the birthday starts at 11.30pm in Wiesen^^ And I have to wash my hair and so on  Why are YOU up so early? *confused*
@aaronjuliuskim Thats exactly what I always have when I eat there.  Although I always have the raw juice with it... 
@SMILEAHOLIC at night, i do. Because i have the chocolate cereal which makes it all taste like hot cocoa. 
@LouisTrapani As an exceedingly short person who @dubbayoo likes to torment, I'm sometimes hope the world gets him back for his height. 
@EvertB I had a chance to have conversations with some people I have not seen in a very long time. Overall a pretty good weekend. 
Listening to Mcflyyyy. Such a good night last nightttttt 
@maverickwoman Saved 6 chrctrs and scored a name more interesting than my own. Also Rule 17 is a rule to live by, &quot;omit needless words&quot;! 
@msmoss @MissNixs Even better - 2 for 1 deal on apoplectic radfem fairies with veet 
@Grizzlysgrowls Wow! What a tip ;-) However, I'm so good I don't even prod my Christmas presents! Have nice day 
@TampaNanoGirl Because up and down are on the same axis? 
@moonfrye I so hear you on the caffeine energy. Having two little ones is so worth it though isn't it?  
@LMPDJs Even though I hate McD, sometimes it tastes like a blessing  especially after everything around you smells like alcohol 
@PharaohKatt Hmmm Despite recent evidence to the contrary, I don't much like to dress up 
@steven_gehrke LOL Doubtless you meant what I think you meant by that remark about having all the right stuff in the right places! 
@levantate Yay! Also, I think I am glad I avoided the punch. 
@simnor The morning talks were amazing, the afternoon talks weren't so great. Overall, yea I would recommend it! 
@kjen it might be nice. Either way, let me know what they served and find out who the caterer is please n thank you. 
If you start me up If you start me up I'll never stop....... 
@nursebc1974  these friggen dems make me that way. Otherwise I'm as happy as a little girl! hmmm, that did not come out quite right...
@tonchyZ For once, I'll support rafa;if djokovic loses,then murray becomes number 3 
Just wondering if there is any good in the world... Nevermind. Already know! 
@HeartLuna Indeed they have. Just, another late night is all. 
iHappyGeek1 Thanks Guys For All The Ratings And Comments 
@tj_casey @AQHA They're in Murfeesboro,TN. However you spell that! 
Everyone is working hard here at PA L5 States!  Having fun too!  Lots of order to fulfill next few weeks, good problem to have 
@Levitational Somehow, I always thought Vocaloid was for gay people 
Anyone want the NEW song &quot;The Borrowing&quot; by Nobody Yet? They gave me specific instructions to send it to everyone I know. 
@RudolphRedNose Sure! The bike is like this http://twitpic.com/4hu3b Thanks a lot, Rudolph! 
@CourtneyEllyse I know right?! Ridic! Whaaaatever. If he wants it awkward, then fine! Haha. 
@amanda Not at all   Much to be NOT impressed about.  People and projects alike 
One day someone is going to catch me singing to my mirror. Until then...I sing on 
@GeminiTwisted @Bopsicle Both of you stop bitching or I'll pull the car over and there won't be any ice cream for anyone!! 
@audralou LOL Yay! At least you have a plan.  I might go see it tomorrow after class. I end at 9:40am, so I have all day. lol
@AshleyMichele07 For sure! If you want to be it, you can do it  I learn so much about that this week. You're really pretty, all you'll...
... Tired of dealing with cancers. Hoping this is an end. Either way, trying to sleep for now &amp; happy to have such awesome friends.  
@joeymcintyre I didn't win a trip so not me!  Unless you wanna give  me the hook up?  Otherwise I will be working   But I will DVR it.
@christophermoy @davidleibrandt Both of you should get some rest 
@love2golf adding users quickly isn't really spamming~abusing user is   However everyone to their own~thats what unfollow is for 
@JasonTrenton  As they say... we can stop at any time... we just choose not to...hee hee 
@saidiehawkins ...Oh really? Because that'd be amazing. 
@VirtueIMC if the next one is someplace dog friendly you know I'll bring him. Otherwise, there's a couple pics of me out there 
been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough these days Being willing is not enough we must do whats fun !!!! 
@Wolfgang_ It's not written by me though XD Oddly I thought I put in &quot;by someone&quot; lol. I agree that it's nicely written too 
@ShelleyRunyon Indeed 
@calvinho28 I feel you man. Except its not that I have no food it's that I'm lazy to make food. Streaming never back down to 360 now byye 
@aidencholes Wine tasting is a noble pursuit for one as old as you. Certainly will add some sophistication to you and your suburb 
@mr_cheese Because I'm going to where it to drama tonight so I have to fix it with my hair.  Thats why.
@TimothyH2O Haha! If I were him, I'd totally go check out a small little breakfast nook  They probably have the cutest ones there.
@MFlanders no I like be able to say it and it be the truth. Instead of some magical mystery tour I get led on. 
@Lilctownroaster I just added a butt to your name in my phone after I made you go home in the cold. Because I love you! 
@paul_augustine Yes, it is. Though not in coffee   So what's your favorite brand?
@Gaethe Lol, yes  Hence my wanting to watch more!
@beckamcfly nice have fun....Although you cant not have fun lol 
@KrisColvin I would advise watching it in the cinema. I am sure the effects are worth it. Unless you have a monster TV at home 
@grentone Likewise. However, what was the comment about originally? 
@blondiepops oooh sounds yummy.  If you get a chance to take some pics  please add them to the website as we don't have many pies on there
@Feego16 Until @twitter brings back our EVERYONE button, you can access the public timeline at http://twitter.com/public_timeline  
@nanere awwww... I'm sorry! I changed the picture... just for you! Because you rock like that! 
Blogging-- http://13tolife.us/ Mentioning links to contests where you might just win a free book or two! 
@ChristineRabel ha ha surprisingly well considering!! Having a good time in the sun up in the mountains 
@podagraph Wait a min, u pretty much home til u jump the pond? I have 1 wk 2 go. If I could find a cheap flt  It's a thought, haha.
@Gustavar Having an awesome day? You should... I expect as much out of you  #awesomeupdater
Starting a new diet today. I don't want to get fat. Besides, its almost bathing suit season! *lol* 
@LeviFig Already fixed that actually 
@saygoodbye2luv Thanks for the concern. And checking up on me! Much appreciated 
@EmmaRileySutton Sounds like fun  LoL. At least you still have some hair right?  how was the weekend?
@LisaBeesa Because pop culture is beautiful. Also, you can't pull weeds wrong. I promise. You can practice on my yard if you are nervous 
Somehow my alarm became an hour fast and I came to realize it as I was leaving the house.. It feels good having an early start 
@Cheaty For sure you should continue to Tweet WHILE on conf call, WHILE worrying about cat and bee. 
@JasonSobel Since part of your job is predicting what will happen on the golf course, what are you going to shoot?  
@branchuchan Obviously not too bad 
@peechXXXX  http://bit.ly/SjNAx If he is saying something I don't fully understand, please let me know. 
@smokinace88 - Last night was the best one so far I think. Except we didn't see him throw his equipment at the car 
Needless to say, I didn't stay to find cache#90.  
Karaoke at a small town bar. Having a wonderful time! 
@JoeJacobi Following them all... You're creating a little flock of paddling Twitterers... 
Leaving the beach .. Having a great day with vicente .. We needed this time together 
Woo hoo! My happiness score is 612. Apparently I am over-the-top happy. Considering the week I've had.... 
@tatumeubanks I think you were dreaming that!  However, my memory does suck so maybe not 
@krigeren It's been interesting today... to say the least. Overall a good day 
@aMj89 Until @twitter brings back our EVERYONE button, access PT @ http://twitter.com/public_timeline or link in bottom of Settings.  
@vulcansmuse @lorirusso still waiting to have a beer with Moldovan. At least he's happy I came. 
@Praxilla As opposed to twitter, where all we can do is talk to people.  SL is fun. I already have way too many ways to distract myself.
Listenin to some old school new found glory. Hedro, gimi a high school band i can down load. Besides home grown.... 
At the wedding reception. Having more fun than I thought 
in the words of liana corber: Moreover, WIAIH was a humbling experience... i surprisingly had a decent night 
and it's my birthday tomorrow. Everything worked fine w/that in the end Convinced her not 2 invite ppl she didn't know 
I act like I'm 8. Therefore, I am 8. 
@ubernostrum I really ought to pay more attention to my phone tweets... Sure! The more moives the better.  
@LironD keep dreamin'!!!! Though.... if she does.... hook me up  LOL
@ElegySanft I don't say it, I KNOW it.  Because I'm just good like that 
damn...Ive gotten so much packed up already lmao, well little shit anyway. Either way, I have a good start 
Grinding Skyguard rep. This is less awful than I anticipated. Yet, still awful. Last tabard I need 
Still totally excited that my oldest friend @Spencesaur has twitter. I luff my Spencer! Even though he has rabies 
@nsane8 @Icametumbling  Whether that's good or bad, I can't disagree with you there. 
@pcsketch I'm considering buying one of these. Hence the 'Monk&quot; look   http://bit.ly/9VbzG
@LittlePinkStone I'm not either. We should have went out *snicker* Although I am enjoying listening to RR and my beer 
Shooould be sleeping already, but got caught up watching some late night 'Roseanne'. Officially off to bed after the next episode!  
@Audiomonkee Because you're not exactly in those parts of Northern Emirates  It was 5.3 Richter I think.
@newtoid oh jealous. Though you're missing the fried potato bread 
@NovaWildstar Nothing of the sort! Nevertheless, I shall now go out and share my magnificence with the wider world! 
Heading of to the theatre! Having a show tonight, I'm so exited! 
@MandyBookLover Yes so did I  Some of the Acts are really very cringe worthy! Though I do find it very entertaining.
@sleepydumpling yeah I'm fine not to raid most things. Excepting liquor and cheese &amp; bacon balls 
2 days till birthday! I just hope the weathers good!! And it best be good on thursday and friday! Otherwise il scream! happy b'day keiron 
Forgive me good lord for this time I /knew/ wat am I doing.. Except the mighty oracle just didn't *&amp;@#ing care to fully support UnixODBC. 
@sandy195850 Bit of sunshine out there and it perks us all up  Especially when you have a mountain of towels to wash and get dry!
@sarasso619 i'll have to be more creative in choosing my next alias.  Adding the N to the front obviously was not stealthy enought. 
Hopefully going back to work tomorrow!! tired of having a flu.. Beside, I love working with the children, so fun to play with!! 
@AbbeyEmm Haha. If you like him, then you should go 
Next week we play Rosmalen   If you can: be there!
@dezfoo it's a reverse French plait tucked into itself and pinned! With your hair we could do a plaited chignon. 
@GabrielleV Those who are great seek opportunity. Sitting and hoping won't get me anything. 
@AceyBongos How about a trip to Area 51? Because there was a crashed alien ship in the game and it would be cool to fight aliens 
@andrevr You and me both  Except I love my electric blanket ;-p
@Saneonato Even though ana ma adri shno is this job bs what you did was just great... i love that about you 
Somehow I want to see that movie  http://tinyurl.com/owja65
@carolw Unfortunately only at the halfway mark - still 2 surgeries to go ... no fun at all! At least they give me Percocet!  
I have 2 new followers  , Thanks For Following 
@letronje Hahaa! Specially the calendar part! 
@Irisheyz77 For you, I shall start it today. 
just googled myself and smiled. Most of the first page is actually me. Considering the non-uniqueness of my name - that's pretty cool. 
@KirstyHilton Welllllll then. As soon as you finish whatever it is you're doing, make your way over to the bed area, and I shall oblige   
Listening to Counting Crows on full blast while cleaning my house! Having a flashback to high school  I'm okay with it.
Yay! Already had a game on my itouch 
at YANQ. If you have anything about youth work/youth support send it over 
I need to buy myself a ukulele. And go to hawaii. And party it up. With my ukulele-playing friend @chr1st0pher . 
@gibsythegypsy lol. Likewise. I'm indecisive. I'm hoping our band makes it one day. 
@soleil_noir Me too.    Although I'm pretty pleased with the bookmarks.  Next: homemade sugar scrubs!
Watching The Nanny  While trying to go to sleep
@allanlasser Wouldn't that be 100 billion pennies?  Unless you're paying a transaction fee of 99 billion dollars or something 
@Fam0us_ent For real. He still my boy no matter how weird looking he get 
@Reetesh hey, morning! Share the units, which you're tapping on! As soon as you can 
Watch out...For me 
thinks shes finally getting a hang of this.  If you need a laugh or want to see my art i sugjest you check out my deviant art page!
Mothers day... For the first time in 10 yrs I actually enjoyed it. 
@Baileylou hurry up! As soon as family guy is over I'm walking to Mythic 
Semi-final tonight in the ESC! There will probably some beer and wine...I took the day of on wendsday 
Arrested Development: If you haven't watched it in the last 3 years, go ahead and do yourself a favor... watch it 
@csharpzealot have to ask the DPE Oz guys that one. As for the future, I'm hopeful  but who knows how the world shapes up over nxt 2 yrs
@GlennCapelli + @IdeasCulture - thanks for the feedback guys. For the meantime, I will go with &quot;has spoken internationally&quot;. Cheers 
@meriel I vote palawan! Even though I dont know what that is. 
@iAquarian Gotta decide what to do with it before I start shouting out the domain!  Currently b2ev
@araldo64  You will be in the main episode of Calendimaggio  These are just little video clips I put up for now....
@MartinStarr I wish. One day, when I can take a vacation. Or get furloughed. Whichever comes first. 
@gabboucla ...all of those direct messages we sent back and forth are gone!  Unless you trashed them.  
*Surprise* As u know, I love to dance so I recorded a video 4 you..hope u like it!   http://www.flickr.com/photos/renee09/3529708985/
@hollywoodrose not at all. As long as it's good now, that's all I care about. 
@MizSocialite  Lol, If you only knew what I was talking bout. this device ain't coming to the stores til fall. I have it 
A damp and grey day outside. At least my head feels good unlike the majority of my colleagues who got to bed between 2-4am. *smug grin* 
@sizzler_chetan Along with that my check shows the amount clearly in public, glad the staff didnt check it 
Bad hang over... Though not an early morning 
@MickyFin Already subscribed to yours too 
@ denluvinbyrne  you know I love yeah sista Beside you have to coem on tour with me to keep me grounded. 
@alexgrech hmmm, fair point ;) But I need a cake in the form of an object. Not just your round run-of-the-mill cake. Hence the 3D 
@JosephMcClendon While u r at it JM3,would you mind making me one too? 
@janeypoo I don't have any invites left. Ask Lara. If she doesn't have one as well, I'll request then I'll send it to you. 
@Daz71 haha I guess it is. Although some might call it stupidity ;-) But I enjoyed the show. Not even the connection drops spoiled it 
@Cyberiasnow Ahhh so nice to wake up to tweets of murderous intent. Aside from plotting nefarious deeds, how are you? 
#WhyITweet Because us, Turks, didnot e-nvade here for now 
@elizamolly awww, we love you over here on twitter. Arguing with the folks sucks but you'll be alright 
@TomFelton Accio Wisdomteeth!   There, all done.  You're welcome.
@SquareJaw was doing my best! Somehow I always seem toend up back here  Thanks tho nice to be missed!
@gabopagan undiscovered country was kinda my fave. But all Trek movies suck in one way or another. Except, this one! 
@serenejourney  If Envy wasn't a cardinal sin, I'd envy what you and Gwynn have. Since it IS, I'll just stand in awe and appreciation.  
@SarahWV I knew who you were!  Surprisingly, that was the only time we ran across him. We saw the others a bunch.
@moo67 or even more importantly, who will win the champions on the 27th. Although, we all know who, don't we? 
@dennismons Totally. Besides, it's always fun to groove out to 'Sexyback' in the Korsakoff between two metal songs 
@patriciaco If not, an autograph would do. With my name on it. 
@popgrinder I like your morning agenda for your visit!!    Especially the fucking.  And then again with the fucking.
@Marcelz yes it is. Because she don't understand english 
thinks we should have book cart races down the ramp in the library.  While the library is closed of course.  
@Lisasz09 HAHA! I know how that's like. But I LOVE the Even Better so I'll stick to that one now 
Today was like Xmas. After 5months of waiting we got some lab equipment that we ordered. Smtimes even small things can make a woman happy 
@DarrinUser I hope they grow Because tomatoes are my fave and I eat them everyday! 
@nicmarais I literrally laughed out loud reading this. I can imagine where you end up! Much better to go directly onto kfm site  safer 
@YoungJizzo I got that next!! For sure 
The employees at hot topic are always so nice. Even to my cowboy-boot-wearing dad and my sugarland-loving mom. Haha. 
@Mamandesfilles you can't say that. Even if you made it yourself!  who's to say, right?
I prolly wudda been a cute couple with H or A or V Hopefully H. Although V has super good height 
*uqh*!PPl never fail 2 get my nerves.... Bout 2 go SEX my man. Because I can. 
YEY For LPEP. it's finally done 
AH! Such good news! BONE BONES BONES BONES GOT RENEWED!!!!!!!!   
@AnalystAlterEgo One lick? Wow. There are so many bad places to go with that. I think I'll hang on to my dignity a bit longer, thanks.  
@inkophile Admittedly, nothing subtle about those ink colors! But at least they're bright &amp; cheery!  Fall palette is a bit more subdued.
@BexieLady  Those Taurus babies do like to hang on in there. 
Oh btw I'm not that sure if it's a stereo lol. Whatever it's called 
@pursebuzz 'Nite, girly.  Though
That's it for me, Tweeties. For real this time.  (yeah, maybe) G'night, all!
Why do I always forget to make tea when I have breakfast?Also a news story about twitter in our newspaper today 
@executiverocker Because they ended it like that! Gayers. Also... are you ok? 
@KurtisBlow1 Indeed!!  ty you soo much!! 
@tommcfly Norway. Although the contestant had lunch with a judge that day... We came 5th 
@astrologerthe 'Sweet truth' Indeed! 
@tommcfly Erm norway we can 5th Though 
Somehow i like American Apparel men underwear 
@mariap91 Haha good  If you need some more help, I'm here! ;) (Although my German isn't the best..)
About to start building a Questions &amp; Answers community area in Rails. If anyone has any good tips, now would be great! 
@hellebore5000 For a workshop I'm running this weekend  Showing my circle sisters how it's done in Europe... &amp; for my own use  thereafter!
@khali_blache Considering I have watched very little pre-Seven, same here. 
I DID IT..took me a few days and a litlle money but granny's tips are gold worthed. As from now we have again two working toilets 
Nailbiting penalty shootout but daughters team are in the final! Certainly doesn't take her football prowess from her father!  
@loubeejones LMFAOO! Either way definetly say hi haha  It'll be fun! I'm so excited hahaha  xxx
@nicolewilson Well then it makes sense for you to be up. Although I would never be up that early if I didn't have work. You're my hero. 
@jackyan Politics are so dark and dirty!  Having second thoughts now... LOL
@masterpastor Likewise my friend.  We're talking VISION today so I am excited.
It is a beautiful outside. It's going to be a great day. Having a positive attitude is half the battle. 
@BK4D thnx. Likewise to you and @Huxley 
@andreayager I honestly haven't prepared anything yet.  Knowing me, it'll probably be done like 20 minutes ahead of time. ;)
These s... porn-names are gone - twitter succeeded  Therefore I &quot;unlocked&quot; my account again!!!
@XmoomooX I've just done so much. Everything's been right first time. Both are unusual for me 
At the bradley center! I probably won't live tweet... Unless i get super bored 
@TweetSG Because u have a kind hearted soul 
Somehow good morning just doesn't quite say it this morning. Does anyone know of any extraordinary words i can use? 
Just got up. Having tea 
Does anybody know of any good stock video footage sites? Already checked out istockphoto &amp; videohive, so any others would be appreciated! 
@HootyMcBoon I do I do! Because Maths is boring and the int is not 
@Pauly666 Ignoring you! 
@the18 yeah, totally the best!  so open and flexible.  Even on the restricted platform of wordpress.com.  My home on the web 
@abcoates I've signed up. Even if only because their first gig falls on my birthday 
@djozzman thanks for the encouragement! No talk of bachelor parties and I'm good. Even econometrics can't make me complain today  smilesss
@needlekineval  Luckily the boat was fully enclosed   Otherwise i'd be a bad scene w/ all the vodka going around!
Loves the saints at Morningview. Also sabbath rest(s). Also pork tenderloin. 
@SarahRHatton Families willing to play board games are awesome. Particularly if they're willing to test your own board games 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/4leox - Bugger the number giving how about he just gives me himself  Although he'd get arrested for it ...
@katherinemarsh yeah me too. Otherwise, bummer. How are you? 
@BoringBoo Until @twitter brings back our #EVERYONEbutton, access PT @ http://twitter.com/public_timeline or link in btm of Settings.  
Getting ready to go a few places with my roomie... Then off to the carnival!! Today WILL be a GOOD day... Yuuup! Anyone wanna join?! 
Packing up my Dset. While max starts doing guitar tracks.  I'm thirsty...
@thomaskattus Not so much that they're comfy as they are adorable. Besides, they are still in perfect condition 'cept the one hole. 
@Stormb441 Either that or I'll just fall asleep.  Either way its all good  
@MysticVamp74 Ditto, minus the lunch lol  x x x
@c010depunkk Apparently it happens 3 times a year. They wait for low tide and bring a sound system and a generator. Like I said epic... 
Off to my flat. Until tomorrow! 
@mikecormack No. Once babies know the truth - it doesn't work on them - their tactics are useless and the trrists will win. Obviously 
I'm super pumped For my new career at song writing 
Phoenix's new album is feature album on triple j this week. Therefore it should be a good week! 
@mynameisgtwo I don't call people names anymore.Unless its a good name. 
Going to sleep. Until tomorrow! 
7 is a lucky # right?  How about 700?  If you follow me soon it'll be you 
@chickieleighc Yes, you should. For $10 of pure awesomeness, who cares what husbands say. 
If I feel better, will have dinner out! Otherwise its pizza or Chinese at home with friends 
@Pogue &quot;For good luck at my baseball game?&quot; he asks. We kiss. They lost.  oh the sweet memories of first kisses!
@nithinpb Yippie! At least something good happens when Congress comes to rule 
No school tomorrow  Either going downtown or working on art assignment..
Aside from blowing a tire, I had a super weekend!  
@JustTooBusy  Even a picture would take away the craving lol 
My tonsils are swollen and I'm getting a headache.. Besides that, I feel great 
@DaRiddler352 Agreed  Unless of course they ask for it ;) (BDSM and all that)
@PoorPaul Ranch all the way. Or Italian. Either or. 
Her grateful is still &quot;greatful&quot;. Lol! At least it's not 'great full' anymore  So glad I'm not her 
Email unification and Vstuff are first up this morning.... Along with the to-do list. I'd be lost without it 
@erinf I'm not alone!  Although I'll admit to liking 4 of the previous movies...
Popcorn is definitely something you should avoid eating before flossing... Unless you like pulling chunks or kernel from yo teeth. 
@kate_currey me neither. Although you've probably figured that out by now 
Posting this from IRC.  Basically searching the net and talking.
@StephenRinaldo  Indeed! Some workers just totally fly under the radar, hey?  Must have been a very interesting industry to work in...
@nickpadmore You wear socks on your hands? Whatever floats your boat mate 
@mneylon mmm... why? When was the last time you tried to contact Nestle? Unless they have private contacts stored only resellers can call 
@rktic Already had that in my recommendations yesterday! But thanks again! 
@sprinkles_ Apart from some ouchies, think I more embarassed than anything  That will heal
&quot;I'm so confused...Yet I know exactly what I want.&quot; 
@bengilman, @talkinape, @gerikson, @aaronmyers, thanks for answers  @talkinape if I want to promote = HT. If not fussed won't 
&lt;@swissmissus Neither was I until 10 mins ago  Builders here since 7:30, keep looking at me strangely whenever I appear in my jimjams ...
flyclear.com Comes Through Again!  Breezed Right Through Security Checkpoint While Bypassing The 40+ People Already Waiting On Line!!! 
@ReneeLuus Likewise!!! about to email you 
@davidjohnpowell you'll kick booty, you know you will  Besides, we all love you
At College With The One And Only Hanna Scott  Love Her So Much! X
Doing spring cleaning. Gutting out my room. Already have accomplished a lot though 
@sophgyles my two friends and i are big fans of SFK, his lyrics just speak volumes. Thus i am voyaging down from brisbane to see PD 
Shoot! Dropped my blueberry muffin on the stairs at Penn station. Somehow I don't think the 3 second rule applies. 
@GemmaCocker I hate the dentist!  Or, am I scared of the dentist?!  Either way, I don't like going!!  
Should do english. Except left folder at school and can't remember what to do 
@beatricetan HAHA. It kinda tickles me still!! Haha..  aww love you too! Despite your silly comments! &lt;3
@mayalabeeDC3  I'd be down for that! If I can get it b4 we leave tonight I'd be most delighted 
@adelgabot Adel! Whatever has possessed you to come up with the Vulcan jokes? 
@Owngig  Potentially yes 
10 minutes then its Lunchtime! Wahay! Although Im not feeling particular hungry... Ah well it a 1 hour break all the same!! 
@wowitslee You enjoy it too mate! Apparently its leaked but I cant see it on the net anywhere? I want it now...! 
We are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us. .... 
@BossLadiToya Indeed!  Holiday weekend on the way! 
@katyperry austria is fun. . Except for the bad food . . . 
So....that's higher business management over and done with. Unless of course I fail and redo it 
@JimAyson  - Besides, i've only had my N96 for less than a year... 
Retweeting @FlyNFast: I hate when people use the words &quot;crash landing&quot; together. Either it is a crash or it is a landing... 
@AstroMeg hmm. &quot;I hate AIPS&quot; three hours after &quot;my computer is running a bandpass calibration&quot;. Given L=0, this is timelike =&gt; causality? 
@NoRaptors goodmorning. For me anywayz. 
@jenlucy Hmmm... The internet? Most of the problem 
@jonny_no2 Also check out the pixelpost plugin that tweets when you upload an image 
Fairy dust in place...crisis averted.  As is well!  
Chatting to someone weird, odd, strange, cool and totally awesome. Otherwise known as @kittie86 
@mdsuburbs hey my son's friends voted me the &quot;cutest&quot; mom when he was in HS.  Those days are gone 
@slappersire  Knowing what the instructions actually mean is always a help when making stuff.
@lovemeidareyou Why thank you  Granted it's not ALL blue, but a good quantity of it is.
Graduating class 09: my gift to everyone is I'll get anyone a LC tat  If you're not in the band, doesn't mean you're not part of the crew!
@greyseer How are you doing? Besides tired. Tired is assumed. 
@yummymummyof3 Under 6lbs worth 
@edyong209 Because I like your hair 
@duncanhowsley Not a problem  It was a lot of fun! Having mine now!
@bonnjill How old are they? With my boys (5 and 3), this works for 30 min maximum!  (Hence no home office any more.)
@akpanio  Lad. If you don't get in, just sue them 
@mile3177 Whatever it is, you'll get through it. 
@F_DeVille Currently my friends call me Heartlezz lol so I dont even think about that lol but I do love the thoughts of others 
I haven't been to sleep yet!! The lake is great for networking!! Wow! Having a great time 
@MsMal82 Such a loyal consumer! I'm definitely going to have to bring you some of the new flavors that came out and some cereal coupons.. 
@debaucheddiva um... Diva? If you came out and your boss knows all about it, it's not really a secret life anymore, is it? 
@Serene_Balance You are funny! However, you are probably right between the spiritual beliefs and the food...aging just doest not happen. 
is really thinkin about transferrin skewl's!  After what check I just seen, I gotta get that! 
@SpyCamsSpyEquip I'll check it out if we don't have to stake our friendship on it  Following here is fun
@Soniei With that much sleep, plus a migraine, I think that hardly remembering anything would be a natural thing. Not weird at all 
@pennyraine @WisdomBegun Also like to see gentlemanly manners, i.e. opening doors for ladies. 
@rampantheart Congratulations on the launch of the mag. Following @ithewriter . Reading the pdf 
@TroyBrownBBNews Yes... For a &quot;friend&quot; 
@jimmietryon I see  Thanks, Jimmie! I might try it when I get home. Although I don't have other twitter-like accounts to integrate hehe 
@waxinglyrical I perfectly think that is awesomely cool. Beside girl, you're already more beautiful than most girls 
Thank you to everyone who followed me. Although I could have more followers..Like 1000?? lol 
Sitting on the floor in the gogo room with camay and kimmieee  damnnn its hot!! If your in SD but not heree step up your gamee
I chopped my nails off and my hair off... Apparently it's chop crap off day  let's go for a leg?
@MagpieSparkles How 's the effort going...?  For the record I could never do it, NEVER! In fact, my goal of the day is to make a dupe of&gt;
That was one of the best PPPs ever!!  For the record, the police were very nice...they didn't break up the party 
twitter on my phone? Whatever next?! 
@maxmarkson Somehow, I don't think anyone has &quot;made&quot; you eat chocolate in your life 
@from10to300mm Hrhrhr! If so, try to put your DSLR in the machine. 
@gelr0cks hehe! You love me for that! If you get a text or call you'll thank me! 
@hoggy001 Looking forward to meeting you too! Although I might be a little delicate... 
@smoulderingsea I like not to think about it. Though when I recruit you in my army of DOOOOM it will come in handy. 
@devakishor http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaljeera. Basically prepared the stomach and tongue for an awesome meal!  #jaljeera
@druey oh no!  me either  If it wasn't free I would never catch one
Oh my, the Team Fortress 2 spy/sniper update is live! Wohoo! Although &quot;Jarate&quot; is a little disturbing.   http://tinyurl.com/pz2urz
@Hyperopia That's not fair!! Although I do agree there should be no flash - looking forward to the trip though! 
@Morrica Coffee needed? Although I rather dislike being out in gray days I quite like them 
@Jpmould Although I just told you I haven't, I really haven't. I've been good, saving my credit 
Loving @danettechan @asleepylee  and ISSIE. If she would just get her arse on twitter.
@tuckinteractiv freakin crazy. I thought you were movin out next year... Or you just comin to visit? Either way, be safe bro. 
@MrsGhede awesome... Although I am not sure I am *nice* to nettles 
@_Marney lol well thats true...nothing like freedom hey. It's good u are happy too  Although i bet you'd snuggie with wes if he asked lol
Anyone interested in an after work today in Stockholm? Even if you're on vacation...it can be a no work after work. 
So, I'm wide awake and I don't know why! However, its with a smile on my face.  ~Faith~
Going to Groningen this afternoon  Having coffee and catching up with Janieke. Dog is coming with, hope he likes the 3 hour train ride 
Slowly starting to forgive. Realizing I would have done the same thing if I had thougt about it first 
#followfriday @neiltring, @Whatever_Ista, @missdmaree, @cleverrtia, @jareed007, @thisisScoman, @suzysmiles all have great tweets! 
@kissability I'm re-reading the twilight series.   Though I have a bunch more vampire books in waiting in my to be read pile. 
@MadGerald @ShapeThrower Both options sound great! 
@weeyin13 I will keep my fingers crossed for you  Aside from gardening, any other plans ?
@tomfelton I'm afraid I missed your surgery because I was out of it with my own. Although I think liver trumps wisdom teeth. 
@missdisenchantd Did you sign up on Friends and Enemies? If you did, what's your username? 
ahh #followfriday typo!  i meant @ognawk not ognawg so he gets a special one of his own   Along with @davgxyz 
@Dozeymagz Already got one so no probs there 
Just drove past a kid blowing bubbles from an open car window. Reminding me how a simple thing can make life more fun! 
@SFEley Already on it. 
@Uchiland OME! Those pics! 
@fudgecrumpet LOL at the FF. Normally go by 'Theo' but might have to think about switching to 'The O' 
@puridewayani LOL.Otherwise why do you think they keep it in the league of seven wonders ?? 
@chicagokarl Yes Contiki is pure C. Also does low-power routing, shell, telnetd, httpd, etc., can even post to twitter  http://is.gd/CkR1
@RawHealer Congrats to her! Both for the score, &amp; more importantly, for the change in attitude! 
TGIF!!! Although it's 8:04 and I have already been screamed at by a hormonal 7th grader. I love my job 
@ChubbyBanana With any luck, the munchkin will be sleeping when I get home from work and I know the wife wants to head out. So then.  
@benjamin_cook Because of what was said or simply for who it was? 
@SwtIrishBanshee it's really hard for her to change that automatic response. We'll help her tho. As best we can. 
@hansonmusic BV's?  As in background vocals?  
Thinking about going to Urumqi.  For pizza hut, not for culture.  
@SofiaMiller Apparently, I was alseep when you wished me good night! Its good night for you right now  
@digilink better be. If it gets bad I know whom to blame 
@BastetAsshur Indeed, I do reply! 
@BrunelloBabe Because you asked for whiskey? 
@bpweekes Aren't geriatrics always colder? Hence why you guys move to Florida and always wear a sweater. he he he! 
#followfriday @RyanHurst @Disklabs - Both computer forensic based tweeters, who also tweet socially. Intereting and amusing 
I am thankful for my sister-in-law and her family for taking care of the babies this weekend! Such a stress reliever!!! 
Wants him to wake up please. With sugar and a cherry on top! 
@JoshHalliday Indeed it will! Starting to get a little nervous now but am sure it will work out for the best one way or another 
@ccpugh I'll have to look into that. Until then - I think you might enjoy this blog: http://www.beingtylerbrule.com 
We have a robin who has laid her eggs in our swing.  It's kinda cute, but annoying.  Because eventually, the nest will have to come down 
@edwilde no can do on the sound sytem. Sensitive hearing. Hence the need for a quiet ride. 
@LivitLuvit Your boyfriend posts are my favorite  always crack me up! Even the short and not so sweet ones. Have a great wkend!
Ooc: As in saying &quot;It's the Steelhaven.&quot; Jety's not asking a question. 
@Jasheffe I finally fell asleep around 3 my time. Needless to say I am mainlining caffeine this morning. 
@ALOliver no bother  Besides, you're a busy woman - not enough time to be holding the hands of your adoring followers! ;)
@mmmeghan It's never too late! Except for my responses. Those are usually late 
@TsukinoHikari20 Both! Obviously 
@HappyHealthyPup If by fix, you mean end it's bastard little life...then yes. http://www.offthechest.net/2009/05/18/ Otherwise no. 
@meg_ay  lol WAT?? There's 2 cute guys at blockbuster lol which one 
I'm BAAAAACK ! If u cared 
@The_Rooster There's an app for that 
@OwenGreaves Owen, no problem ... it's on replay. Besides I &quot;winged&quot; it more than usual tonight and it shows. 
@LaurenRosenblum Thanks lady! Already have those! You have fantastic taste! 
@kennu #Drupalcamp? There's a camp for that horrible piece of software? 
@ToniKaras As u should b proud- she's a natural! 
@Ddubhasmyheart For sure! 
@jessloves_dendq Just Because I guess  I'm usually happy all da time. I love smilin....dats my thing.
Off to see Knowing at the theaters  also just uploaded http://bit.ly/2KTAS :17016215 &lt;3
Since when was being courteous crime? Somehow my name is in drama all the time 
@bethanie The left. Because it has a pulled muscle. And I did, very clever *patting your head* 
@The_Rooster yes! With minor variations 
I think I might go back to sleep. After a few smokes, yeah, I think I will. Haha. To sleep or not to sleep? 
Yay, thunder and lightning!  Though I guess I'd better get off the computer. ;)
@LexaShmexa Even same-sex seals get funky with each other.  Why is it so wrong for homo sapien sapien?  Emphasis on homo. 
Likewise @itsclaire_e    @jaymillion @Mic1 @abadchris @DelTheMusician @christinaluna @hazeldb  @gabebondoc @tiffanywon  @amplifiedent
www.last.fm/user/JessChandler &lt; &lt;  add me if yew have an account  Or create one, I Don't know. Whatever floats ur boat.
@ThomasNewell - For sure... it's good to follow people who follow you.  
@SherKro As I see it, yes 
@SternalPR I was praying for the Indians   As you can tell, it worked!
@ddlovato Haha. Judging by how indecisive you are...maybe you should tell.  you know, get it off your chest!
@AndyRattinger Indeed! You write I drink... The perfect Hemingway team. 
@NICOLEMONROE206 Only Nor Cal....sorry babes. 
@BeadQ  As you wish 
@Silverlines - Well, most of them, yes  Although girls also included. LOL.
@thebrowncoat As long as you were able to write it down somewhere, that's all that matters. 
@Tikidoll Already on it.  
@FashionForums I actually don't have a website, but I have recently been thinking of starting one! For now, I share all my tips on here 
@Kikirowr  &lt;3 If you were on my arm I'd have the cutest date around. :3
@prisblack I know. Except this time I can't rely on you to tell me when the scary parts come around. Haha. 
@SoulAdored65 Because people are strange 
@jesstravisl - I sell Scentsy!! If you want, you can check out my website at www.scentsy.com/speele and order directly from there!! 
@KPappsmear I won't be listening. Because you hate everything. It's what you do! 
Hitttttting the hay! Unless someone calls 
Trying to manifest the lottery! Anticipating positive changes soon. Always Be positive! 
@RealCliveBarker Somehow I doubt that... 
@MRSmamaL I'm soooper excited!! I'm not going against her or any girl nemore, my brother needs a new girl in his life. Besides me &amp;my mom 
david's girlfriend is a really cool chick . I'm glad he brought her . At least I can be happy for him 
on my way to Riverwind to hang with my family and gamble....  Luckily, I have great company 
I&quot;m cranky. So I'll go to bed rather than take it out on my beloved Twitterverse. Because I need u to like me 
@Katywhompus As normal as I am, but that isn't saying much. 
Oh well. Probably a wrong number. Hopefully. Whatever. They could call back if they want. Haha. 
@k8dt Much better here, sunny and warm. Can take the kinders out again 
@Saresa  As long as things are alright now that's what matters. &lt;3 When are you gonna go see him? I wanna meet you D:&lt;
@tweenkle77 A lesson was taught. Not sure if it was learned, but time will tell LOL. As of now, I'm changing some habits though lol 
@charlenewithit how do you think im responding to your tweets? Already been done gurrrl 
Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you Until we tweet again ! 
@bootooyoo if you're paying. Until then, this is our playground 
@daisyx @wondroushippo  I have no idea - is she a lead or a supporting actress? Whatever the case, she's brilliant.  
@MelissaCasillas Because I wanted to wait until I had experience in critical theories of type, not just its history and application 
@DAYUMMM_JRoD If I am there.. 
@Kimbot1984 Elsewhere, people are twittering &quot;I had a great start to my day. I was driving and I saw this girl...&quot; 
http://twitpic.com/667i9 - Although my eyes look weird. You can sort of see the braid. I will make them better w/ practice! 
80 slides for 20 Minutes #java.net podcast during #JavaONE are done. Already looking forward to present it 
