Most common words for this cluster:
[('i', 876), ('the', 802), ('to', 596), ('my', 560), ('quot', 502), ('you', 389), ('http', 382), ('day', 382), ('amp', 376), ('it', 318), ('me', 308), ('is', 304)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'PUBLIC_ADDRESS_##/##/##', 0.7485999464988708), (u'LunchTimeWaster', 0.7382515072822571), (u'Bash_Compactor', 0.735353410243988), (u'Abler_Minded', 0.7338968515396118), (u'NEWSWEEK_Cover', 0.7337390780448914), (u'Divorce_Diaries', 0.7279859781265259), (u'Paris_xoxo', 0.7233652472496033), (u'STRICTLY_OBSERVING', 0.7204228639602661), (u'F._Munaylla', 0.7200140357017517), (u'STEVEN_IVORY', 0.7199887037277222)]





Bed. Class 8-12. Work 12-3. Gym 3-5 or 6. Then class 6-10. Another day that's gonna fly by. I miss my girlfriend 
Fell asleep . . . Really didn't mean too  *christina*
's Kinda Bummed. An Agency Just Told Me That I Didn't Have The 'LOOK' That They Were Going For. Ladies, Please Help Me Create The 'LOOK' 
Argh, got up early for Girls Aloud on Freshly Squeezed and it was just the video 
@big_think Can Zack tell me how to edit my Bio/Profile? Why create a login at a different co's site to get an answer from BT TechHelp? 
@PriscillaCruz So funny because I watched 'Only The Strong' today, what are the chances? I miss Capoeira   Zoom Zoom!
uh...I feel so lonely  I wish my BFFWIAMC (Best Friend Forever Who Is Also My Cousin) has a Twitter
Txt-Chat with Jake. Lmfao. Its Frikkin Awesome! I Miss This Effin Boy So Much.  Awww. Hoping You Guys Would Come Back Here Na! ) xxxx
@NoelClarke Good morning you. Stop ignoring me just cos i said i like *cough* Take That  Am very sad now..boo hoo!
Txt-Chat with Jake. Lmfao. Its Frikkin Awesome! I Miss This Effin Boy So Much.  Awww. Hoping You Would Come Back Here Na! ) xxxx
Banned from Sims Forums for the rest of the week. Aww    It feels weird. I was only sticking up for Chanel :'(
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2xszg - Napping? At this point you may need a few of those. GMA is gonna come early. 
Woke up and feel like Rubbish  Rest? Or Chill indoors and play Xbox with a cold drink?
this is exactly why as cities burn worries me : &quot;As Cities Burn's third and most likely final outing&quot; - from their new album review 
@McKayla_JB HEY. LOL. BTW U Know How To Upload A Picture? I tried But It Never Shows  XO
What A Mistake Buying That Dress, I Dont Even Want To Go To Grad Anymore 
The Muppet Whatnot Workshop site is temporarily down, apparently totally sold out &quot;Working hard to get it back ASAP&quot;  Hurry up, y'all. 
Creepy Outdoor on the speedway: Alli is now in Portugal... Seems not so good 4 losing weight  not healthy!
Off Too Work .Gunna Miss The Lush Weather  .x
Keri Hilson - Tell Him The Truth.. Makes me cry 
I don't know which show to watch tonight, I love Dancing With The Stars but I also love American Idol! 
Grrr I Hate School Thank God It Is The Easter Holidays But Still I Have Homework 
@Lady_Twitster Only managed two this morning. Bit depressing really. 
 I Still Cant Find My Phone , And I Cant Call It , Cause Its Dead
Don't you hate it when your salary gets cut 10% and you have to cancel your vacation to Camp Meeting and miss Leonard Sweet Speak. 
@thehoosiersuk http://twitpic.com/2yafi - Keep Losing Count  Ill Guess About 176  xx
Does anyone use Flock?  My accounts &amp; services info in the sidebar has disappeared. Anyone know how to recover them?  No help from Flock 
Carpool and Cold. Again   Where's spring?
@Dougrea Tell me about it.  And we are out on Spring Break this week too 
Is Meant To Be Getting Ready To See Sophie At Half Past But I Havent Even Got Dressed Yet xD I Have A Headache  Oh I Better Rush &lt;3
Full Of The Cold:; Starting To Bring Me Down 
@TomAtChemical Rubbish  At least we're having curry for tea, so that should cheer you up!!
So cold...I hate snow   18 Days Until NFL Draft!
@CityMommySLC Here in SC it is a cold spring break!  Hubby just called it is snowing 2 hours away 
@Bash Those are horrific. Totally destroys your faith in people. 
Ever Feel Like God Is A Kid With A Magnifier On An Ant Hill? Im Starting To Think So... 
Sick at home  The worst part is I can't even play Guitar Hero World Tour... My life sucks...
What A Great Start To The Holidays Im ILL 
you Spread The Sickness! Stop Looking At Me When I Cough! 
Class At 1 Then Work At 2.....Gonna Be A Long Boring Day 
Must have dozed off. Still feel really cruddy though  Thought I might be miraculously better when I woke up. I was wrong. Boooo!! 
@ZachSang Awww Poor Zach  I'm Sorry! That's Not Right Of People To Just Put Your Interviews Up On Youtube ! Like What !?!  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
Headed home from work. Don't think I'm going to make it to the Run For Mercy tomorrow even if it isn't raining. Sorry Gene. 
I created a folder called 'To Be Sorted' for random files that needs to be sorted. Now I've got 146 files in the folder. FAIL 
Yankee Doodle Went To Town; Ridin' On Some 20's.. aww I miss Wild N' Out 
@LNTweet We got Rachel Getting Married and Seven Pounds. Wanted Yes Man but it wasn't in the Red Box we went too! 
@palm_inc Please talk to Sprint &amp; ensure a Million+ SERO Plan Folks don't get screwed out of the PRE!  We did on the Instinct, Bad idea 
Watching Dream Girls. This movie reminds me of someone. Gah, I miss my Loser buddy. 
Guess Whose Back :L  Charging My Ipod Coz It Died 
Soooo Gutted .. Could Have Gone Barry Island Today  O Well 'Ox
So I didn't go Jogging (yet) Got caught up making the Family breakfast that I can't eat *Carbs I Miss YOU Soo Much* 
@CRMFYI Wow. That is impressive. My son (6) is not there at all yet. We're still on Dr. Seuss's Feet, Feet Feet How Many Feet You Meet 
My Thumbs Are Hurtin From Pushin Pins In Walls 
Just ate my last mini egg  and just watched Stickin' Around for the first time in 6+ years! ;D
Tonight: 8:30 Improvise Your Own Adventure, and 10:30: Cast Member @erined's final Theatresports!   Don't miss it!
From Now On I Refuse To Share Feelingz, Cuz Shyt Never Change 
Hand made.. manufactored in Italy...Ravishing...Why the eff did my heel break after 4 wears??? Im irked...Those shoes are irreplaceable 
Been Up Town Propper Bored At my Aunty's Barbie  Haha I Was The Difficult one who didnt want the meat
I was thoroughly disappointed at tonights Britain's Got Talent. It was nothing like last Saturday  Will miss it when I'm back in NZ
~Yawns~ Grrrr Darn the Early Starts! I don't like getting up before the sun, its cold 
Desert + Running == Death. Hmm, I seem to have forgotten that little fact. 
@mileycyrus.. Safe Jpurney Cos Imm One Off Uur Fans Lol Thaa Mii &amp;&amp; Uue Never Reply To Anythiiin I Send Uue! Not Fair  lol 
Omigosh it totally sux that 17 Again and Hannah Movie r coming out in July in belgium UGGHH 
Got Back From Mah Lil Bros baseball Game We Won Last Nite Lost 2Day Ugh!! I Was Mad!Home Now Wit A Tummy Ache!! 
@booshface LOL Cooper is cooped up ;] Hate those things.  Though I call them Jenny Long Legs.. xD No idea why.
@ShottyGoBoom Oh.  I could do with it to finance the &quot;Help Olly Pay For an iMac&quot; campaign...
It'S OnLy A MaTTeR Of TiMe 4 My GpA N I GoTTa Do ThIs All OvEr AgAin  
It's Race Day Down Under! Unfortunately, I have to go to work   No live race watching &amp; twittering for me.
@Joeaa Omg Ik The Yankees are Getting Killed by Cleveland  20-2 Haha Oh Boy!  Tip: Reply with 'whois joeaa' for more info.
Oh my eye, my knee is well and truely knackered. I can't even sleep it's that sore  Need Deep Freeze!!!!!! It was worth it though!
Took my cocker spaniel , Sam to get groomed today. Wow he smells better. Now all he wants to do is roll around in the dirt.. Dirty dog 
OMG. Just finished watching Prison Break. Where's Gretchen? She better be alive! 
Back from Saint-Saens concert. Glad we came. Excellent performance by the Dallas Symphony! Cattlemen's tomorrow - no King Tut tickets. 
Hmph. Last day of Spring Break   how many days untill summer?
Tanned and had dinner with my Dad. Now TWO John Cusack 80's films. &quot;The Sure Thing&quot; &amp; &quot;One Crazy Summer&quot; All that is missing is my BFFF 
Heh.. actually.. Getting pretty sleepeh, so I'm off to bed. Weekend's half over. 
Eek! Holiday! Spelt wright wrong! Why is the English language so confusing?? I mean write!! 
Checked out the new arcade in Temecula. It sucks. No House of the Dead 3 or Street Fighter 
So Behind the Scenes Footage caught me doing something I am very apologetic for. Really SORRY Kevin! 
@nick_carter Remember the POOH Joke?? Where's my shout out? 
QOTD: &quot;It takes a million efforts to build a relationship yet one fatal error can ruin it all..&quot; True but sad 
Watching the Food Channel. In Chopped, one chef accidently used salt instead of sugar in his desert dish. Didn't taste test it first.  
@The_Grim_Weeder Aw poor Weeder.  Herberts  Why do people feel the need to spoil lovely things?
Cheering up, waking up.  Coffee kicking in.  Why is it that I always get hungry and want to go to McD's at 3am on Sat, when it's swamped 
Man, I Had To Get Off The Phone With David 
im watching Step Sister From Planet Weird! i love old school disney. Whoa i ate subway too fast. tummy ache. 
@priscx I miss you too! T_T You lah. Balik Msia for such a short while only. They dont have After 8s here.  Mine's imported from the UK :p
WTF? Im Loosin My Followers  Im Too Drunk To Get Emotional lol
SPOILERS! @wilw watching one of my all time fave movies, Toy Soldiers.  Always cry when your character dies.  Which is right now.  
I'm sorry about your tailbone Leanna Dee  Just finished watching a nice movie - Bottle Shock. Thanks Stuffy for the recommendation.
Go0o0odnight Universe. Oh and I think I'm growing .. O.o Hopefully i can get to 5 feet.  Being 4'11 just sounds sad.
Friggin luck for Force India. Just when I tht they would get their first points Sutil crashes 
Really? 5:00 AM? Really Rune Factory? Really? 
Rock Band is So Addicting!! I Got Burnt to a Crisp. Someone stole my parking space so I parked on my front lawn with my cellphone in it. 
@tommcfly excuse me, I'm very disappointed that Amsterdam got Down Goes Another One and Sydney didn't!!!    
@bad_housewife Britains Got More Talent especially dull. In Ireland on TV3 it pushed Hell's Kitchen back an hour later 
Very English Sunday lunch at the Malt Shovel and afternoon movie (Abigail's Party). Last civilized day before teaching starts up again 
Okay Well I Now Remember Why I Stopped Drinking. The Next Morning Is Effin' Horrible. 
So far I have gutted out 2/3 of my wardrobe. Next is the bedside table, then under my bed (argh) and then my old desk 
Scrambled egg on toast, sun shining, weekend, F1 and a cold drink. Perfect. It's all about to be ruined by college work though! 
On The Train Headin Into The City I'm Sleepy As Hell 
About to Do My Art Homework ugghhhhhh    Ms.Halpan Die In your Sleep!....
@OneLuvGurl They are redesigning Youtube to cater to big industry moguls now. Stuff Like Disney and such. Jobbing out the small guy 
feels sad for Madonna - she fell off a horse &amp; is hurt  Didn't that happen to Patrick Swayze? Is he ok now? Wonder if he's on Twitter!:..
@MarkSpanner Acronis True Image. Usually does it in minutes but the disk is just too damaged 
OI! Why are there not any Sunday Secrets for Post Secret? Just some stupid thing about a new book  MOOO.
@PushPlayNICK Ahhh I Wish I Could Come But I Can't I'm So Mad  But Good Luck Tonight ! Love and Miss You Guy &lt;3 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
Customs officer did not lol at my Orange You Glad For Change Cola 
I wish I was at Coachella!    Next year, maybe.
Bollocks. Screw you, #Spurs. Even though it is our fault as always. Hello #Championship.  #nufc
I So Need To Start Writing My English Essay  Arrrgggh I Really Don't Want To..
Ok Lol... I Didn't GoTo Sleep. I've Been Up All Night... Oh And I Cut My Finger With A Pair Of Scissors! 
#ipl Out. Damn Jayawardene You Suck Big Time. U dont know how to play Cricket. U got Yuvraj Out. 
I Hate This Part Right Hier 
Hubbys Going to Have A Guys Day Out With His Buddy At The Races...Cant Remember The Last Time We Were Apart For A Day 
Andrea Is At Home Bored!! Has Got College Tommorow Bad Times Bad Times 
Can anyone recommend an online HTML editor that acts similar to Dream Weaver? My copy of DW just died on me 
Poppy woke up from her 2nd nap of the day (in itself unusual) and seems decidedly off colour. Really hope she's not poorly... 
Missing Church today... I Hate Being Sick  Listening to Day 26's Forever in a day! It's awesome!
I'm Sad. I Didn't Get Tickets For The FOB Show In Atlanta On Thursday. I Want More Than Anything In The World To Go, And I Can't. 
Come on United!!!! Our boy Ryan not playing though.  I hope he's playing next Sat when I go.
Sittin Here Watchin My Sisters Get Ready To Have Fun 
Hoping and Loving :$ Afraid to Think What's Next!!! Coz Im Really In Love With U ? 
Super Freaked. Lonely Still No To Talk Too 
 Back to school on Monday...Well I did get an iPod Touch. @shmuxel + @randomized180 See yah tomorrow then I guess 
Journey - Ask The Lonely.  Im quite lonely, seeing as im stuck and youre not helping me!   Cant beat a bit of Journey though.
@MCFLYFREAK Next time you will definitely be there with me. For sure! And I wrote it on my card.. bcause I spilled coffee over my banner 
I feel cheated.  Now I wanna work on Girl &amp; Her Yak story to spite the Sandman's shortcomings but I have piles of work to do. CALAMITY!
Goodbye Disneyland...  Now going to Melrose.
@MKBHD Me Too! Get On Skype Later Or Now For The Last Time? I won't Be Able T Chat For Days 
Just Woke Up;; Not Feelin' Very Good  Better Catch Up On Some HMWK Soon...
'Sent From Heaven'...'Fallin Out'...'I Remember' &amp; 'Lastnight' stayed on repeat. Not feeling her new cd...at all 
The 11am was the Bomb! Now I can't wait to get out these church clothes and Heels...Lawd my pinky toe hurts  LOL!
Aww  Im Sorry My Lap Top Died On Me..
Should've started planning for Course Enroll earlier.  Also realizing finals are soon...really soon 
Never Been So HeartBroken In My Life  He Is Gone For Real And Nevr Coming Back , My Heart Is 90% Glue It Has Been Broken So Much  ilysfm
Cold one moment. Sweating the other. Feeling shabby. My stomach hurts (as usual) 
@mileycyrus Be Careful! I heard the paparazzi there are Extreme   They just caused Madonna to go to hospital two days ago. Take Bodyguards
Denver Post  Reza A. Marvashti, The Denver Post ) broncos Running backs have to: http://tinyurl.com/d29vyz Orig http://tinyurl.com/cqf588
Should probably start to capitalise on this whole &quot;Power Nap&quot; thing. Seeing as I refuse to use night-time for sleep. 
It's Quite Pathetic.I'm Cruising His Myspace Page.I'm Lookin At His Pictures.I'm Wishin I was The Girl In Those Pictures.Quite Sad Indeed 
@benshephard Lucky You! Im At College Today  I Hate The Class, Iv Got Nothing To Wear! Arghhhh You Ok? x
@lilyroseallen Are You Giving Free Tickets In The County Durham Area, Its Not Fair On Me  x
i never thought LL coolJ Could Get Old.....But It is happing 
OH no   this list has Palm too.....Twelve Brands That Will Disappear By End Of 2010 http://bit.ly/1vcbd via @Media_Caboodle
Thinks It's Going To Be A Long Week Or Skool Work  Skool is not my THANG. So Much To Do, So Little Time 2 Fit, Inc MRI Scan...Gaah.
feel sorry for my friend who has been scammed (sorry for my word) by XOOM..&quot;I am the Recipient&quot;  Bad Service! Now, i have nothing. 
First day back at school....  Boring. Funny. Exiting. Disy. Informitive. Scary.Tiring. Energetic - The normal School day.
At College, Bored Out Me Brains! Not Fair How Everyone Else Goes Back Tmro!!!!   
I wanna watch Hannah Montana: The Movie and 17 Again. 
Going Owt In A Bit Since Its Realii Sunny,,&amp; Try To Get A Tan (Not Gonna Happen,,Im Pale  ) lol!
Very Bored, Got JetLag,  Fist Day of School is rubbish! 
@AnthonySteele With my developer hat on I sympathise, but with my user hat on I didn't even click on the button  Roll on SL-V3 I guess?
At last, this computer is back in fully working order! Next on the list is the laptop, which hasn't had virus updates in about a year. 
Back To School Tomorrow  Got Homework To Do Too.
Why Cant I Upload A Pic..Im Resizing Them To The Smallest I Can..Ive Tired 20Diff Pics.. Twitter Hates Me  Ahhhhh =]
Morning Twitters!!! Im At  Work , Super Hungry &amp;&amp;  All I Have Is Some Water... 
Aww. People are so ignorant! Making fun of people because viewse different, is totally wrong. 
asked Afrigator 15 min ago to send me my password as I have forgotten, No Mail Yet  Help!
Looked @ shoes during lunch  my next wages are spoken for; damn you neccessary electricity bill - Car Boot In May = Pretty Things? :p yes!
And now it's time to play the game: &quot;How Well Can You Function on Less Than Five Hours Sleep!&quot;  
First Day Back In School &amp; The Weather Is Gorgeous! 
Woww ; Sickk still ; All week, including Spring Breakk.  Doctors todayy.
Bored in Social Research. Have A Lot To Do In The Following 3 Weeks. 
Why Is There Bitchiness Because TBH We Have One Life And It's wasted If Everyone Is Being Bitchy 
I could barely sleep last night. Too hot upstairs, too loud downstairs. Epic fail. Now I'm watching LOTR: FOTR...sigh. My throat hurts 
I swear first Milli I make, Im investing in the study advancement in &quot;Time Travel&quot;...Where's Doc Brown @ when u need um? 
@Sarah09baby Jessica's A Fucking BITCH. Haha She Makes Me Mad Cause She Won't Come Spend The Night. Fkk Pablo hahaha. Yuu Should SOON! 
Random rap videos in the background. BET is in great need of a LIFT. Something fresh. Like real talk. Its becoming @theworse. 
Thank you for applying to Google Summer of Code 2009. The proposal(s) you submitted were not selected for the program this year. ...  
@MelissaMarie8  And sorry about Fergie! I never even went cuz I couldn't afford to buy his book  Next time I will let u know 4 sure!
Secret Confession: I sleep with the fan or air conditioning on year round, even in Winter. It drives certain people crazy O.o I need cold 
co-worker was right, ill probably be up till 4 am again...oh why did i nap   song of the day The Sounds - Tony The Beat
Baked..... Potato chips! --Endless. PS: We totally just blew smoke out of a trumpet. Tonight(lastnight)=Corey's last night in CA. 
Jesus`Take The Wheel..   ouuuch have a headache. some dink punched me inthe forhead 
Educational video ....... How to Make a Baby .......... http://bit.ly/PupXr Now they tell me ....... 
@Cloizzle Boom Boom! Lol. My favourite was character was Voice Over Man, he was funny. Damn! I miss that show .... 
@cainux Me! Me! Oh, can't get there.  Living in the grim north west sucks! Apart from being near Anfield; that ROCKS! When I can get tix..
All you can do is memorize the memories that yur friends left u  Friends Forever, Friends For life
Loving My Twilight DVD  ; Really Wants 2 Go 2 Britney Concert  .  x o x o
Sunny All Week, Then I Get A Day Off Work And It Rains TYPICAL  x
@JaszRox Lmao,, Me Too,. So TiiRed,.! : | Wanna Go Home Now,. 
@temposhark I feel your sadness. I remember I stupidly left my On A Dance Tip Part Two compliation on top of lampshade and it melted... 
Last Night Was like One Of The Coolest, And Cautious Nights To Date...My Stepdad Had The Go To The Emergency Room 
@squirrelyTONKS @ramblelite I do not fail. I was never shown Doctor Who by anyone.  I had to discover it on my own, and I'm not British.
Good Morn. Last day of the hols for mee  Did anyone watch secret milionnaire ? those people are so inspirational. Really makes me think.
@JaszRox WHAT,.??! An' Leave Me,.?! : | Biitch,. Catch Up On Some For Me,.  x
@JLSOfficial Ha Ha . Awwww Not Ganna Be Me Only Got 75  X But Anyways So Happy to Here From You Guys . !
Morning.. Bus ride to school. Grr i hate waking up Early.!   &lt;If Your Happy I'll Be  Happy For You!&gt;
is distracted by Nat Geo. should be cleaning &amp; packing. Why do people hunt bears.. Pointless cruelty. 
@TheEllenShow Ellen !! Hi !! I Love Your Show !! I Watch It Every Morning Here In Venezuela!! The Problem is : I See Old Episodes! 
[vid] too bad the UFC didnt go all the way w/Pride.  &quot;If Only Pride and the UFC Could Have Gotten Along...&quot; ( http://tinyurl.com/d4959f )
I Got To Eat But Ther Noting to Eat In My Shit Houes 
&quot;Crack... Break... Shatter...&quot; That was me. 
Took the daughters to see Monsters vs. Aliens 3D. Fun movie. Our son has stomach flu so wife had to take him to the clinic. Poor guy 
This is confronting: The Online Ad Recession Is Officially Here: First Quarterly Decline In Revenues...  Uhoooh  http://viigo.im/s5V
From what I've gathered, I'm the only one of my group of friends that likes Blink-182.  &quot;All My Best Friends Are Metalheads.&quot;  
From what I've gathered, I'm the only one in my group of friends that likes Blink-182. &quot;All My Best Friends Are Metalheads.&quot; 
@nholdway I'm not at #aces2009  'cause ... I dunno why 'cause!! These Dark Economic Times? Or ... I didn't ask for time off? 
@alaska737 LOL! One day, one day! I was sure this would happen today  Next time!
Bedtime.  Lots to do tomorrow 
@_Slamma_ Epic bands like them don't get famous here. I mean, 3OH!3 JUST became big here 'cause of Don't Trust Me. It's sad 
I hate stayin till the verrrry veryy end. Alll the fun leaves 
@Mattdavelewis That makes me sad  Off to The Riversie to watch Man U (The Scum :p) cain Boro!!Wish me luck!! xx
@DawnRichard the Radio and My Phone Hung up before I to Got to Finish TalkIN To You... 
I want big sis Dino here right now. I need a hug and taco bell!! Digressing... Again  i don't want to stay in bed all week. Hug me?
Well...the good news is that at the end of may the live action Aqua Teen Hunger Force episode is on...the bad news is that I'm not Carl. 
Morningg! Its A Well Nice Day Outside Today...I Don't Wanna Go To Work 
I'm Tryin To Sleep But My Back Is Killing Me WTF!! I Think Someone Passed On Their Pains Humph! Not Sayin No Names  (takes percs..gnight)
@JSpikEThinG You're Right  But Should I Talk to Him?! or just respect His Life?!
@tgadget Just thought I should let you know: Full Screen/Canvas was working for me yesterday, but is not today. Don't know why this is 
Up And Sad, I Wanna Go Back To Bedddd  Mummy Woke Me An HOUR Early!!!!! Shocking!
Hmm Todays Not As Sunny As i Thought It Would Be  Im Sure The BBQ Will Still Happen! Haha x
@Kelliekk Can't. Stand. Her. Like her a little more than Ruby because she's not around as much. Only TWO more episodes 
Headed out to do an I Made It Market in Pittsburgh!  Last one I will be able to do because I need to work on Saturdays 
Argh. Poundland deoderant makes me smell worse.  Getting Lynx next time.
Ooo... How sad  The last few tracks i Blipped r no longer available on Blip!  Must search on Grooveshark i guess or there's always Twisten
is chugging Chunky Lemsip! Feeling a little peeky &amp; Prevention is better than the cure! Hope it's not Hog Flu.... Again 
7am Derby Day Just fed my horses. Gave em a little xtra. Getn ready to go to Derby. Starting to rain  and cold. Going to be a wet Ky Derby
@ourteaparty Oh, I love Bringing Up Baby - crazy fun and Cary Grant!  I don't get ABC2 though.  And no worries about email. *hugs*
@NileyJirusYT Aww Rachel it Sucks we Live in Canada Jonas Premiere isnt Today for us its Friggin June 12 i was so Sad when i found out 
@xiaxian1 Agreed   On the bright side, I got fill in on an Ulduar raid and we got Flame Leviathan down. Fun fight!
@ Just saw hannah Montanna Movie! So Awesome if a lil sad! I did cry 
HMMMM Okay Techno Nerd Boy is SERIOUSLY Ticking Me Off.  No wonder he's getting a divorce.  His actions are seriously BiPolar 
May have written too much. Oh well. Still more to go. Gotta head to Black Tom in about an hour 
Dishwasher broke.  Repairman came and &quot;fixed&quot; it on Wed.  Now it's broken again.  
@PauliinaP83 Yea I gotta work today  BUT Mom's Birthday Party is Tonight so I'll be Pretty Drunken after lol
@Lipvixen Did your Curves Lady look like Summer Glau?  Knowing the answer is probably 'no' 
Around The House... Waiting For Matty To Get Home, I Miss Her Already! 
I'll be your teddy bear i'll be your clown (:  Listening to Down by JJ Lin, very touching  its in english everyone  Check it out !
Wild Prediction-Guns and religious type put in camps! Think they'll have cable? Probably only CNN and MSNBC 
hears Jehovah's Witnesses ringing his doorbell. Maybe I should convert them to The Latter Day Saint's Of O'Day? Sooo tired still 
@LizTufte_Cats Oh so sorry to learn   Onto the Rainbow Bridge
@Ashika_Sunshine who is that? I thought it was your Page...  I Get there... and theres a DUDE?   Not what i Expected #DKAJ?
@HolidayWorld $2.50 funnel cakes?! Almost worth the drive to Indiana!  I miss Holiday World!   (Hey, Paula)
Watched X-Men: Origins. Amazing, yet sad. Made me cry- DON'T JUDGE HOMIE! Ahhhh, Logan and Kayla :/ They should've been together 
Orr....Just Kidding...I Looked At The Wrong Place. 
I really wanna be at bamboozle.  Hey Monday, We The Kings, Metro Station, Cobra Starship, &amp; Forever The Sickest Kids!
@drewpasmith Focus RSvsGT-R in real world. WANT!  http://bit.ly/UTXS7 My Idea? Take guts from RS, shove into Volvo C30=C30R, sell in US
Soo jealous of anyone who saw Third Eye Blind, Asher Roth, All Time Low, and New Found Glory at Bamboozle. Tell me why I didn't go?!?! 
@VenetianBlond damn, I'm doing Somewhere Men Are Laughing @ Odd Duck til June 9th 
Yall, My Daddy Is Getting Married Tomorrow.  Daddys Girls Feel Me?..? I'm His Favorite Girl..!! FOREVER.
Goodnight Angels.  I'm off to bed.  Got the chills.  Watching Number 1 Ladies Detective Agency on HBO.  Feeling lonely. 
Poison - Every Rose Has Its Thorns. Kind of show what kind of mood i am in right now  ? http://blip.fm/~5gu6s
finally in bed. That weekend flew by. And was pretty dull.  Fuck. Time flys. Goodnight everyone. Dream your childhood dreams. Live them.
@Tweet__Me_Right  Yes very sad but he looks so feaking hawt in all his pain.  
OMG!My New Laptop Stinks 
@timTech This is a travesty. How can you not sing?  Oh, Escape Plan, we could've had it all...
Has To Be On Set For 7am.....Dexter Dnt Kno Im So Not A Morning Person 
@fictillius Haha... I'm Inaktvi1 on Last.fm... Made a typo when I signed up and they couldn't change it 
Holy Shit!! What a punch!! Time to retire Mr Hatton, you don't want to be taking shots like that anymore my friend 
Ashley has 104 fever. Waiting for tylenol to kick in. Really dont wanna be the 1st oklahoma confirmed case 
Wyrd News: The Hitman got Hit: well today's boxing highlight was a bust   im not saying im not hyped.. http://tinyurl.com/ceotgo
I missed The Exciting Middle Part of the Fairly Odd Parents movie tonight 
Man, this fight between Spike and Vicious is fucking epic.  Oh no! The end! I can't watch... sooooo sad.  
wet hair is making me cold   You Had Me At Hello; Holiday Parade you complete my life. :]
@PlayboyMic That's good I miss ya'll   but I c ya'l back there gettin that smooth 2 step on n Ciara video (Never Ever) Get it 
Come on Kent Twitterers... Where in Kent is good for landscapes? There must be somewhere I have missed 
I Have Found The Worlds LOUDEST Birds.They Live Outside My Window On Saturday &amp; Sunday Mornings And Start Singing At Apx 5.15am.Arrg Work 
@evanbirch  In A Couple Of Weeks Im Sure They Will Be Cheery Again ^^
@gcuniverse Cant' make any cards  I keep getting the Error Occurred Problem It comes as I go to the next page to do the verse 
I hate my iPod Touch. So addictive. Getting me in trouble with my parents. Shit, half-yearlys are coming up.. need to put in effort! 
Back from the Park. Its not as warm as it looks out there! Only 1 lap today  - and not as busy as usual either. Oh well.
@Chrystellex3: Yeaa.  Sayang hinde tayo nagkita. Tsk2. Next time ulet. xD
So Tired  I Hope I Can Do My Homework This Afternoon !
I'm So Afraid Of Losing My Friends Because Of Swine Flu... Damn It...  Two Of 'em Are Sick... :-s
@carysyoung Baha Unlucky ;) Watch Britains Got Talent? Maths Is Killing Me  Xo
@trickyshirls For sure! Look after yourself.  Darn - Bank Holiday as well  x
On the plane. Next stop...sacramento! I havent had one minute of sleep! gonna catch zzzzs in my seat 
Welcome to Sunday. My poor Bobcat (15 yr cranky) has been diagnosed with Feline Leukemia. 
Rain Rain Go Away.... No Plans For Today 
So Tired...Couldn't Sleep. Had A Good Dream. Went Bad Later...When I Actually Figured It Out...I'm Living It... 
Im Happy Cuz Im feeling Glad I Got Sunshine In A Bag - Clint Eastwood By The Gorrillaz Cant Find It On Blip 
Know she's busy a lot but would be so happy if 1 day Miley responded to my tweets. Especially about the music I sent to her. Until then 
I Have The Worst Backache In The World!  Going To Take A Shower, Feeding The Girls Lunch, Nap Time, Then Relaxing!
Awake. And now my tummy hurts.  Ruh-roh raggy. Laaaaame. I am so getting old. Every freaking morning.
Crap! Vacation is over.   On my way back to kinda sunny Chicago. Cubs play today. We need a win after last nights depressing Bulls game.
Ok.Day 3 just beginning. Rain Must Stop 
I can handle another Game 7 today. Meanwhile, I blew my 11-win streak on ESPN's Streak for the Cash. My previous long was just three wins 
I'm jealous of all the people going to Bamboozle today  The Maine, All Time Low, Forever the Sickest Kids, We the Kings. I wanna see them!
just left BHam  had a wicked night out! Early night methinks ready for work tomorrow! Grrrrr!
Time To Study  Exams Coming Up, Stevens Party Last Night Was Really Good !  Sponsers For The Race For Life?  x
@RAYRAY_SODMG What Song Is It Called ? Omg i Hope Dre is okay 
@davecandoit  -I Sooo Wanted To See U At Bamboozle Yesterday  Maybe on Tour?!? Hope So...
Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends marathon! Final episodes  boooooo
The Boy Who Could Fly is on @ 6:55.. now I always miss most of it whenever it's on.. also makes me cry 
God is love. Having a relaxing sunday! Watching &quot;Stomp the yard&quot; then bball. I was suppose to pledge &quot;delta&quot; at CT but we had no line  sad
@BCJelly I meant the Close My Eyes one that I tweeted for the whole goddamn show!! Kinda sux I can't get a song played by myself tho. 
@jima6636 Installing the Basement app. My phone got an error while installing &quot;Size Mismatch&quot; and is stuck on the error box 
I Don't Wanna Go To School. Tomorrow!  Specially 2nd Period. I have Violin Stupid Teacher. &gt;
How A Bird Cage Can Start A Creative Frenzy!! Im Soo Veryy Tired  Goodnight World xx
@vmucha You were at Heart Of The Beast in Powderhorn weren't you?! Missed it this year, kid had oodles of homework &amp; I did show prep. 
Had a VERY Interesting Convo wit Kim...I Feel Better...Mentally not Physically 
Judgement Day Today...Im so Screwed!!!  Plz Pray for me
In Bed Can't Sleep.. Hate Bank Holiday Mondays Its Jus Like Another Boring Sunday..!  x
Full. Happy with the day of apartment-purging. Next weekend: Storage unit. [EEK.] Then, done, I hope, until fall. I have no booze. FAIL. 
I'm so sad tonight, I just watched the Very Last Episode of &quot;Fosters Home For Imaginary Friends&quot;  on Cartoon Network, sad to see it Go 
@SabrinaJT Fav song - Grown man, Big Girl Now, Full Service, Dirty Dancing, Click Click Click...um the WHOLE album!  can't go to concert!
@PaulaAbdul r u going to do ne thing special for DCook re: his brother?  sad perhaps portion of Idol Give's Back for his charity?
15 Minutes Until Im !7...Being 16...Worst Year Of my Life 
Watching X-Men; The Last Stand &amp; eating some left over Carrot cake!! Mmm, Yumm..  -- Where art thou Aaron?  Lol..
PSY1101 Assignment  Also Waiting For Mommy's Banana Cake To Finish Cooking So I Can Eat It =D Does Anyone Wanna Go To The City With Josh?
Tryna Get To Some Homework 
Back in OC.  Miss No. Cal already. Really good to see the kids (only 2 tho   Enjoying a Stella and starting to wonder about the WSOP.
@rhymeswithmaria I had to work   Otherwise I'd have competed with BiPolar Bears.  See you for a Game Day soon, right?
@Peach_t Nothin Really.. Im Just Here Bored Outta My Mind.. I Have Nothin To Do.. About To Go Do The Dishes 
@Wo0t If you are a fan of the comic series, the other 3 X-Men movie will make you want to die. I know I have a little inside 
I Am The Biggest Idiot EVAH. It Was Under MY Butt. Kennedy Is Laughing Her Ass Off  Jk.  Meh Feels In The Mood To Read&amp;Write.Peaceee. 
@Lyricist_Juice lOl. Who? Should i? Idk. 
Phone Broken  lot to cover up this week. Still waiting on 8 MBPS and Server. its been long time.Good to be back to mumbai with Family
@shinskydadon Morning.tried to download the Outcast Discography,the Beyonce ,The Destiny's child...but i had no luck  Have a gr8 day
@Radioblogger  I was just imagining Hugh reacting to 99 Problems... But if he didn't know Kill The Wabbit, I doubt he knows hip-hop #hhrs
Mad Aggy Right Now. I Can't Sleep &amp; I Have To Get Up @ 7. Smh, I Feel Bad For My Neighbors, Too. I Hope I Can Do Something About This Now 
@carnun Keen in general, but given that I still keep swinging in and out of Coughing Hell TM I'm going to have to pass this week. 
MyCardboardLife.com 100% Operational again! Server transferring close to complete. Unrehearsed Riot will have down time tomorrow. Sorry. 
I'm Soo Bored Someone Talk To Me Please  I Cant Buy Tickets For Demi Lovatos Concert At Wembley National Stadium Anywhere Any Ideas Anyone
? Lucas ?  My Heart is Yours to Have and Hold or Break   I Luv yu! ? ? ?
@HettyKate Yars  Bugger. Try Human Powered Cycles in Thornbury. May be able to help you!
cannot sleep...I can't believe you are gone Jordan. Rest in Peace.. You will truly be missed... 
listening to Cassie Steele ... How Much For Happy .... rainy days 
Very tired again. Loads of work to do today. 2nd day of photography exam tomorrow. Art exam wed &amp; thurs. Deadline for both fri. Busy week 
Feeding libby .. Havent been to bed yet .. Its gonna be a really long day  and i wont get a nap .. Lame 
Wakin' up.. Getting ready for school :S, math class at first period 
@Nafkot Right u are. Reality sucks 
#starwarsday #Leeds there is a May The 4th Be With You celebration at Fab Cafe tonight, I don't think I can go  I WANTED TO BE CHEWBACCA!
Soooo tired this morning.  Volleyball from 6:30 am until 9:30 pm yesterday.  Next weekend is the last tournament.  
Wants To Cuddle Up With My Boyfriend but i dont have one 
Still Feel Bad.. Just Took Some More Allergy Medication, Hope It Works...Todays Going To Be A Long One. 
listening to Leonard Cohen singing &quot;In My Secret Life&quot; - We all have a secret part to our lives...I have a huge part of mine as a secret 
Up, My Brother Lost One Of My Baby Hamsters Last Night  Its In The Sofa :S I Think This Time Its Gone :'(:'( 3rd Time Ive Lost One
@Light_the_World For once Nickles... I couldn't agree more! &gt;_&lt; Mondays fail so much 
@cameronreilly Haigh's Drinking Chocolate good. Chocolate To Die For, Adelaide St, carry good one but forgot name and I've finished tin 
@_faeriequeen Im watching Shakespeare In Love. Also loving the breeches and silk! Was craving Joseph after not seeing him in Chi 
Grounded Won't Be online Tonight  Hate It Here
Sitting in &quot;Fizzy Kids&quot; whilst kids run about for an hour or so. Is reading Beginning Python in a place like this OK? No yummy mummies 
@Lyrical_Gangsta Sadly, no. Totally erased from the list 
Later Twitter Im Going To School  Bye
@1RzhaneR1 Go Smoke! What are you gonna smoke? That is not a smart habit to start and pick up  it will make you sick! Songbird!
Aaargh! Crapola! Cheese on toast fire narrowly averted. Lots of smoke. Preparing to cut off burnt edges. Easy like Sunday morning my ass 
Aahhhhh! One of the 5 places that I actually enjoy going to in NYC closed  - bye bye &quot;Love Saves The Day&quot; - Anyone w/ me on this?
I got a new MS Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000. Totally crappy/stiff space bar. Unusable. Back to the store for you.  Cheap crap.
@Coach_Dunn  I'd love to! Sent txt few wks ago. No reply.  didn't think u loved me anymore. Goin 2 Atl camp 5/20. Your dates?
@jasmine_dani I Dont Even Know Why I Have That Many. WTF! It's 115 Now. Dude I'll Trade You Followers Mine Creep ME Out 
This Food Vendor Is Sucking a Big Freakin bamboo...Down their Throat. Such a Effin irritating Menu are they preparin these days.   
Tonight I go to sleep in OK and tomorrow I'll go to sleep in TX. In a dorm. Away from my really comfy bed. And wife. And cats. And dog. 
@ddlovato Awwh Demi  Sorry To Hear You Miss Sel, But Soo Glad To Welcome You Back To Twitter  Come To Australia ? Love You&amp;God Bless,xo
http://blip.fm/~5yubj ? Take Your Time(Do It Right)_S O S Band (this song remind me of my dad; he loved it)   Gone have a drink for him!
Currently listening to I Promise and I'm not Missing You by Stacie Orrico. Old songs with wonderful+sad memories 
I Am So Bummed Out. I Am Staying In Tonight... Darn Douglas 
Went to see Glass Candy tonight with my guy. My Blackberry screen is cracked. Poor BB!  Anyone know how to replace it?
ajdsklfdk, So My Favorite Highway, has shows with Danger Radio, AND The Cab, and they're not coming here. For any. jdlkfa.  Sad day.
So, My Favorite Highway, has shows with Danger Radio, A Rocket to the Moon, AND The Cab, and they're not coming here. For any.  Sad day.
The Internet Is Eating My Brain. . . Boring 
My Head ; It Burns ! Bloody Bleach  The Thinqs' Ie Do To Be Soo Blonde .
No one else is awake this late  I'm pretty bored. Anyone out there in the World Wide Interwebz? Talk to me if you're alive and willing
Took Bella to Griffith Park. She saw the ponies and went to the zoo. Still walking in a fog, though. Ugh!  How long does this take?
I'm So Fuckin Bored....No One Wants To Hang Out Wiff Me On This Boring Saturday Night... 
Hubby tried to fix my iPhone as it froze and zapped ALL my contacts. Everything. Gone.   Text me so I have your number. U know who u are..
I. Feel. So. Sick. I hate acid reflux 
GAH! Why is Clubbed To Death not available on Spotify! 
... hides the *real* iWeb-generated navbar. Annoying. (Yes, I told the grey to &quot;Go to back&quot; but it doesn't work 
Tomorrow Junior High School Oh No , I would Like to be Holiday , but Holiday is in 1 month , I must Wait 
@DuncanTM KILLER!  Everyone Else But Me And Another Guy Thought It Was Easy Tho! Im Nervous For English-I Dont Remember The Books!
Wishes Her Mum Would Let Her Buy Two Hamsters As I Have Enough. 
Wishes Her Mum Would Let Her Buy Two Hamsters As I Have Enough $$ . 
Up Late Again With No One To Talk To 
@DougieMcfly You're Immense! Saw you in Portsmouth gig and NEARLY got your towel Then they wanted 2 &quot;take the fight outside&quot; so i gave in 
http://bit.ly/fYSSY  - The Death Star Destroys the Enterprise...So sad... 
Chopi Chop. Where the hell are you Bow ? I miss playing with you 
Enrique Iglesias Concert Was Last Night. Didn't Go So I'm Making Up For It By Having Played His Album On My iPod At Least 5 Times. Sad 
@tommcfly amazing tour! Literally shed blood, sweat and tears haha. Gutted it's over now  x
@martinwoodward Not Found Error 404. So sad. 
Just About To Leave My Dad's House To Go To Mum's House  Can't Really Be Bothered Going Back Cause I Got Some Nice Homework To Do For M 
Gutted Tbf, I New it was gonna be that anyways but still hurts.  Oh Well. Life Must Go On.
Happy Mother's Day To All You Mom's Out There....This Mother has to go to work 
@Natasja_Cupcake Yea, my mom was 51.  May 25th will be 2 years since she passed.  Trying not to think of it today.  
Missed my flight to Aberdeen  Dont ASK! New flight 2morro AM + Hotel = EUR 170! Grr. My Luck!
Okay My Stomache Is Like A Pregnant womans At The Moment Where Did This Huge Bluge Come From!! Thinnk I Best Stop Eating Crisps 
Let's Get Crazeeeeeeeey!!!! Really Wanted To Go &amp; C Hannah Montana The Movie 2day  Mammy &amp; Sis Went Without Me :'(
Iam So UpSet I Cant Be With My Mom On Mother's Day How Sad 
OMGosh!! Every Other Country In The World Must Be In The Middle Of A Drought W The Amount Of Rain Here.. 
Heavy head.. Somehow managed to get a cold. Writing for a bit, then BBQ for mothers day. It's too cold out today to do any gardening 
@Dannymcfly You Rocked At Leicester Last Night!! (: I Had To Move To The Back Tho Cuz I Felt Ill  Your Lil Dance Is Promise Is Class (: xx
@smitethis Really sorry I missed you last night, I accidentally slept through and missed the entire Soap Bubble. 
My texting has been jacked all day long. Watching the Cold Case finale now. My team lost the Amazing Race. 
Listening to Bon Iver, Fleet Foxes, and Eye Alaska. Finally starting my project. I'll be up all night  Someone please save meee.
@divinemrsh  Nope   looks like maybe a Ford Edge or Flex
Another Brady Bunch wrap up ending on Keeping Up With The Kardashians 
Rev. Run's Son JoJo Arrested For Possession of Weed  Check the story here http://tinyurl.com/qsmaph
@TeamJonasBros Oh, really? Cool!  Time differences are awesome, hahaha. Aw, seriously? That's a major bummer 
Runny Nose  New Video On My 2nd Accoint Plz Check it out SWine FLu LAnd
Woooo I finally beat Super Macho man!!!  Now only 1 fight remains!... Mr. Dream... ewwww I want Tyson 
 my dreams were crushed... I Wanna move To Valdosta... Going To Shower Homes! Lovies! (Twitter... that is)
Stuffed from Daniel's Broiler.....Why can't I control myself there?    
How Can I Fall - Breathe   If I could find this album I'd die happy!!!!  unfortunately its been out of print for near on 20 years 
@bender22 Hey Bendy! Thats Fyne..Havent Really Talked To Anyone Today 
@asukanohibi Yeah but it's only 3 eps and it's just going to make me sad  I've got my ears perked for news of Better Off Ted
@anniewersching 24 was awesome tonight.  Next week's finale is bittersweet.  I am excited to see it but then the season is over  
Jillian is on 2morrow - BL Finale. Once this show ends I won't B able 2 get my tues dose of Hottie Bitch! ;) So cute will miss her. 
@lealta @Emma_Electric My hair is on the floor. Hommage to Mother's Day.    I jumped in a pool with the Give Up hat on...
Looking forward to &quot;GLEE&quot; on Fox?  The Deaf/Hard of Hearing won't be gleeful for sure because the ads for this show AREN&quot;T CAPTIONED. 
Um... Being Boy crazy..... But Single 
FEET ARE SOO SORE!!!! Wearing Heels For The Entire Day And Walking The ENTIRE Day Does No Good For The Feet 
Stuck in traffic! Bangkok Daily Bad News, Same Every Day 
Arghhh WHY did my newest pair of pants have to rip!? Today is not my day. Have to buy another pair now  @ Val's house
@MszTishaBaby I really do not know where you heard such an aweful rumor!  I'm Alive &amp; Kickin! Getting ready for Miami for My Story promo!
Listening to Crazier by taylor Swift  Such a sad tune. Is been on my head lately.. I been singing it in my head &gt;:-D
@hithit I Miss Talkin 2 My Buddy..His Initials are M.T Jr. He Doesn't Have Time 4 Me Anymore  He's 2 Famous 4 Me Now...Luv Ya Anyway Babe
Good Morning Everyone! A Big Thanks To All New Followers. Its A Overcast Day Here In Aberystwyth, Wales  Whats The Weather Like With You?
Today is my first day of Study Leave. My first exam is tomorrow. Guess what I'm doing all day today? Yup - Revising! 
@BobbieE The night wasn't the same witout your pita.    Next time chica, next time...
Well, had to open a Paypal Dispute...The Wacom Pen I ordered was obviously a con  Bloody EBay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@shaunjumpnow Why Is Short Stack Being Mean  Why Cant We Find Out The VIP Winner 
@DonnieWahlberg Watching Runaway. Bought the DVD - it's really good! You are great in it. Getting my fix that way, now I won't CU in FL 
@DavidArchie Hi David! Did you have a great time? I didn`t get to watch, sorry. My city didn`t have light (brownout)  For 9 hours :| 
Aljazeera Talk has been HAKED this time!  http://www.aljazeeratalk.net &gt;&gt;Hard Luck Guys!!
I'm So Sleepy! If Only I Could Sleep... 
Caught up on Fringe, Harper's Island, Lie To Me, CSI, House, The Mentalist and The Unusuals - have no more TV shows to watch! 
Finishing &quot;The Man Who Mistook His Wife For a Hat&quot; and hoping the sun comes out today. After all, it is May, not October! 
Speaking of Paws in the Park. Its on again this year in September. Cannot go though  Heres their website: http://www.pawsinthepark.net/
just finished my bag of De Lujo from @hasbean  Now who do I order my next bag from. Come on @hasbean and @beanandgone ... dance off!
I Made A Taco In The Microwave...BAD IDEA...Stupid Shell Is Not Soft 
You WHo Will Emerge From The Flood :: This looks amazing - can't get tickets though  :: http://tinyurl.com/qphu95
@fivejs RGN  but I don't know how you get them   Sorry.  Real Girls Network, used to be Real Girls Media  (Divine Caroline etc..)
@tommcfly HaHa!! Im Still In Bed,, I Feel So Lazy!!! I Do Feel Ill Tho  Tweet Me And Make My Day Plz,, Gutted I Cant Go To The Signing!! x
I Miss The Old Cartoons...Animaniacs And All Those Other Shows...Cartoons Jus Aint The Same Anymore ,  !
Im So Bored! Its My bday And I Have Nothin To Do!I'm Off And Every1 Else Isn't  Gym Tonyt On My Bday Ha This Day Couldnt Get Any Worse ha
@iAMBRii The Days When U Get Home From School , Turn On The TV And Cartoons Will B On All Day . Cartoons Dont Even B On Like That Anymore 
I'm SO mad at Macy's! They used to have an &quot;On-Call&quot; Assoc. position until they got rid of it. Now, they're bringing it back!  WTF??! 
On train. Book finished. Ipod dead. Next to smelly man. 
@sarahstates I saw you at Improv as well.  Right on the stage.  I'm so sad all the seniors are leaving   They're the best ones!
;Cry Myself To Sleep,Your Always On My Mind,Butt Do You Feel The Same Millions Of Miles Away But Memories Soo Closes To Me! 
Feet hurt, wanna cut them off. Maybe getting Cold Stone after work then margs @ Garduno's. Might meet up w/ Jen, but she gets off late 
@NicoleJensen Next weekend maybe, this weekend is super busy so I can't. 
I should probably go to bed since the Really Mobile team will be arriving in six hours 
@SMG1994 I Sure Am...But I'll Be BEYOND Mad If I Go 2 Sleep &amp; Wake Up With Like 199 Followers AGAIN 
PISSED OFF....... fuxk off... Sleeping if off... Probably won't love yu in the Mornin   ughhhh y u do thissssss
Oh my god Blink is killing me. Two performances on LENO this week?!?!?! Getting my tape recorder ready since I don't have TiVo 
@JessicaPortnoy I Can't....Thats The Thing...I Have Been On Twitter Since Early This Morning 
@richardwatkinsj She Just Gets Our Names Mixed Up....I Just Think It's Normal For Her. Well I HOPE 
Well, at least it is almost my B-Day. Only 22 days left!! Can't wait!! Wonder what I am doing...who knows? (My parents) Poor Bruins!!! 
UGH. I Have To Get Up Early Tomorrow  Bad Start For A Sunday.
@aleasha89 Like No Lie...I'm Afraid That When I Go To Sleep I'll Stop Breathing Now 
Feeling Better! My Sis &amp; Cuzo Is @ Club Miami Without Me! 
Dad came in last runner for ages 60&amp;up in triathlon. Come to think of it. He was the last runner Overall. 
Hm..what to do? Watch a documentary? Play Patapon 2? Or read The Alchemyst? I can't watch Avatar coz my sister isn't home yet. 
Damn Just Missed Tranning Day On T.V 
OH NO!!!! I Think Im Coming Down With Something, My Head Is All Hot! 
Who Am I Lying ! ? ! I Know , You Know , We All Know , My Ass Is Still Gonna Be Up . Hehe . My Ass Can't Sleep . I Need Help . For Real ! 
@Robby_Rob What Happend To Your Disney Account On Youtube 
Just Finished Sunday Poptart  Going For Shower - Got Dancing Later And I Really Can't Be Bothered - Picturesss 
@StephCyrus09 Umm I Guess Byes  i Love you With All my heart Deek Pressure lol
Mick has tumbled from Greatest Boyfriend in the World status becoz he's watching a gorilla show instead of Eurovision We only have 1 tv 
Is Revising  Stupid Exams 9 O'clock On A Monday Mornin :@  Singing Along To Mcfly As Per Normal! Haha I Am Gettin Funny Looks Of Nana :L
@Caleb_T Looking at Air. Also downloading Tweetdeck while I'm at it. My Flash suite is old and product codeless  I want to use it NOW
Has Just Returned From Starbucks With A Large Coffee! Shame Its Cold 
Dang it - when did the Giants get The Rocket?  As much as I love Derby, I am so outta the loop with the rest of the sports world 
Ready to take Tucker to the vet for his teeth cleaning. It's nice to be home and actually do some errands. Tomorrow I leave for Miami 
http://twitpic.com/5csrp - So Much For; &quot;Our Friendship Will Last Forever&quot;  x
And you don't know what you got until it's gone  I'm gonna miss you Push Play. This is going to be two very long months
Wasent On 4 Some Time Cuz I Was qrounded 
Is Thanking All You Loyal MishMashers &amp; Up4It SugarMonkey Peeps For Such An Awesome Night Last Night! I Send Love From My Death Bed.. 
Has Just Realised That Great Auntie Is Coming Up For A Week 2moro  Awesomee A Week Of Pushin 90 Year Olds In Wheelchairs 
Morning All, All Day Revision For Me, Exam Tomorrow 
Sick with the flu... Super sick... Making myself go to the ER... Keep you posted as I find out what's wrong 
Grrr... Trying To Write A Song Is Harder Then I Thought 
Back from the Sudz! It was awesome! Minus losing a few key items... primarily my CAMERA!!! BOOO!!! 
Gutted. Another individual defensive error allows Liverpool to take the lead after Baggies started so well. Story of our season 
Eeek! It's so early! Driving @sarahcarrera to the airport 
Stacey Here: Have a wonderful day everyone! Lenovo ThinkPad Laptop - batteries low. Left power cord at the office.  Gonna go get it. bye.
@Skicks Shame on you! Next episode is now TBA 
A Friend Asked To Me To Leave A Comment On The Poems He Has Written In Facebook But I Can't Figure Out What To Say  Not In A Mood To Think
Just Got Back From Kates Epic Party.....OMG I Am Soo Freakin Tierd But...I Cant Get To Sleep  I Like The Colour Yellow....XD
Haha, Its Sunny In England! WOOP Tests Tomorrow  GIRLS ALOUD ON TUESDAY  hahah Go on me and abbies youtube channel AbbieandBeth2009
Evenin' All! Doing some last minute Revision for mathematics  Don't like it!
Watching Superman Returns! Intense! &amp;&amp; Kind Of Regretting Not Keeping Up With Superman! 
Ever Been In Love With Someone And Can't Tell Them?? 
@jennitals Hope I Talk To You Sooner Than Later .. I Miss Your Voice 
Somebody messed up my Dish DVR!!!! All my recordings are gone!! Grrrrrr!!! Can't wait until Corrupted HardDrives are a thing in the past! 
I Say Yo WAY To Much. Tweet Tweet. Life Is Good. Money Lack Though  Wondering If Glenn Is Single. Shhh Dont Tell Him Tho :L Tweet
I Think I Am So In Love...&lt;3 If Only Age Was Just A Number Damnit;;;  He Is So Sweet He Makes Me So Happy God WTF?
I miss Death From Above 1979 
Is Trying To Figure Out Twitter;Since I'm New 
I miss Cobra Starship,Fall Out Boy,Hey Monday,Metro Station, and All Time Low badly 
Ok..So I Thought &quot;Lemme Go 2The Moviez&quot; Yeah right.I wuz sleepin like crazy.Woke Up &amp; saw the last 20minz  So Not Cool!OhWell.It happenz!
@quinland haha No I Dont Mind Her Knowing Im On Them Its Just I dont lk It When She sits thr &amp; Watches  y U Going on the radio?x
19-8 UVA. Bitches. Most goals against JHU. Ever. 
Watching Come Dine With Me. Food looks lovely. What am I having for tea? Cheese on toast. 
Just watched the Series Finale of Prison Break....SO SAD, but So Awesome, really going to miss that show 
Isnt Speaking To Her Sister Anymore, Cuz she Going To See The BB Special Of Celebrity Quiz Show 
@Dena619 @jill777 Morning! About 2 hit the beach. Just booked tour &amp; luau 4 Mon &amp; Tues. Time to sightsee! Sry to hear weather sucks there 
Nikole's &quot;Magic Trick&quot; Is Still On My Hand. And It Hurts 
Just heard Call &amp; Answer on the radio. Informed Mom it was the last song BNL played during their last set. 
Fallen Bellow 30  Why?!?!Anyway Our Hits In Club Penguin Today is Going Crazy Yesterday We Reached 1000 Hits per day
Layin in My Baby's Bed...But He's Not Even Here  O Well at Least I Kno Ima Get Some Good Mornin &lt;3 &lt;3
Voodoo doughnuts was just on the travel channel. Crazy combos but I sooo want some. Only in Oregon though.  http://tinyurl.com/4eytnz
@grumpy_cow Hey! My fav is Riesling too, especially a Late Harvest Riesling. And I miss corks too. 
Hi all. Have woken up with a cold. Boo! No time to feel sorry for myself. My family are coming today. Hot lemon for me. 
Kk. Done. As much as i can tonight anyway. 7.30am start tomoz. FTL... 
Sick of studying!!!  I still have Biology to study for and hopefully cram in more anthropology studying by Wed. This week sucks
@triner I miss old Talk Soup with John Henson.  Where have all the Skunkboys gone? 
Check out Keri Hilson's latest single - &quot;Knock You Down&quot; Very appropriate for right now.  http://bit.ly/OW37Z
Re-watching Heroes Season 2. There are a lot of things I forgot apparently. 
Remember ..... Hold on to all the moments and save them as memories and Laugh often and Enjoy Life ... Because all to soon it can be gone 
Painted my nails TWICE. It's not working  Exam today, cannot be bothered at all! Rise and shine everyone 
Broken leg and injured chest muscles. Splint for 6 weeks and pain meds and patches. Fml. Seriously. 
OH: Broken leg and injured chest muscles. Splint for 6 weeks and pain meds and patches. Fml. Seriously.  http://tinyurl.com/qbdbya
@MeaReece Missed Unloved last night.  Any good?
@marcusneto Do you mean Wedding Anniversary?  What happened?
Mornin' all from a REALLY cold, wet &amp; windy Cumbria. What's with this weather? Global warming my belly button ... More like new Ice Age 
Rhubarb all claimed! Now trying to generate the perfect bad pixel mask, something that I should ideally have already. Bad ESO calibs. 
@kiruba: How did the ToastMasters Meet go? For sure, I think it was one another flick. I wanted to... (as always) 
Almost At Work  Would Rather Be At Home Watching Rubbish Daytime TV
Oh no. Where's Whistlestop gone from Reading station? I go away for a week and they close my emergency wine shop 
Has Woke Up.. Day 2.. With Back Pain! Awaiting My Whiplash  Not Looking Forward To It At All!.. Still Havent Got a Car! Metro It Is Then!
@granfalloon Yep.  Same as with True Blood. Found that on iTunes, though.
@Lost_Initiative Seems to be a problem downloading part 1. Says, requested site unavailable or cannot be found  Part 2 ok.
Is at College...Didnt Mind Drawing But Aint Liking This Buisness assignment 
Watching Prison Break The last ep ever.  http://bit.ly/5UZKn
@veeekay07 heyy i just realised that channel 5 is running idol finale at 8am wed morning! Same time as america! Screw school!  hahah
my COUGH is Killing me. Really sick right now. 
Work drinks tonight. Super excited. Gonna get my red bull on yet again. My new alias will be Captain Straight Edge. Better than Jew 
Watching One Tree Hill Should be studying for Modern Studies Exam Still orange 
aaaw 'Sarah Connor Chronicles'  has been axed by Fox. Its been confirmed. Worst news to wake up to. 
@secretarchive Last Nite I Slept With One Of My Guy Friends... I Don't Know If Things Will Ever Be The Same And That Hurts. 
Got Up Early To Get Sum Extra Work In And I Get Stuck In Traffic For A Hour. WoooooooooW, Dam U Lincoln Driiiiive!!!  Good Morning 
Feel badly. Just received 8 wines from a winery who was suppose to be featured at the London Wine and Food Blogger Tasting last week 
If I was fully Aboriginal then maybe I would get a 50 in Team Snipers On Halo  Like Shattered Stars - Separatist
Not Planning On Going to School....Have To work On The HUGE Chemistry Project  boo,  Jeezus
Done the minutest bit of maths revision I could. Then made scones and watched scrubs. And Gilmour Girls. It was a sad one 
@Larissa_Ione That happened to me too! I was so sad    Must Have Star Trek Glasses!
@spencerpratt Damn! I Wish I Could But  I Live In England 
@Hannschwa --&gt; But my Old Account [ Boxxybabee ] was hacked &amp; the Passwort was changed. YouTube couldn't get it back :'[ Which sucked 
Daytrack:  For Today, Netherworld Dancing Toys.  I'm so homesick  
I don't want to revise for stats, I wish I had an exam about Doctor Who 
Back From Fife Now !(: Had A Great WeekEnd! Im Getting The Feeling Ppl Dont Like Me Gone Down To 17 Followers  Not Good 
Just had a meeting with possible catering services for The World At Your Feet book and board game launch. Why So Expensive? 
Prodigy album from start to end! Still working though!  AAh work! Aah! Have resulted to some classy jazz/lounge Richard Cheese! Ohh yeah!
Stuck on the wind/cloud dungeon on The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap..  Hopefully not long until the end of the game.
Back in Loughborough. Had an AWESOME weekend at Sunburn Beach Frisbee Tournament ! Good times  Now back to Uni work 
If People Were Meant To Pop Out Of Bed We Would All Sleep In Toasters :\ ... Its Only 8:45 And Im Already Having A Crappy Day 
david tennant finishes filming Doctor Who this weekk 
@imogenheap You Rock!! &lt;3 Yur Song Speeding Cars! Unfortunately I Cant Help With Technical Stuff Tho - Sorry!! 
@Icy1_Female Tell me about - I swear I'm still hungover  And sooooo bored at work. I want to cause trouble to amuse myself.
Time to go pay to have the AC in my car fixed. . . Wait, didn't I already do that? Yes! I did. Maybe second time is the charm? 
Eating Beans On Toast And Feeling Ill  Im Getting The Cold
Good morning World, you darn Grab Bag! N why's that? Cuz you never know what ur gonna get! ... Oh, u don't remember Grab Bags? ... Fine. 
Just left.. Dying still  going to Urgent Care? Whatever that is.. To see if i'm dying or something you know.
10.5.7 update made interesting change: I used to delete items in iTunes with Delete-Return-M. Now I need 2 hands to hit Delete-Return-D. 
@Crazy4Jericho Exactly *grumbles* They don't even had the nuggets tickets listed on Ticketmaster yet but it's on the nuggets site. 
I'm watching The View ...dang. Was thisclose to trying sleep again. Day of Hot Topics. What to do? Recording device not connected new TV 
@tommcfly Tom! Is ok to use She Falls Asleep pt1??? Its for a REALLY good cause and I need your permission to broadcast it apparently!  xx
My Chest Is Hurting, I'm Going to Lie Down in My Bed. 
I'd love the song Every Part Of Me but it's not been released or leaked HQ full yet 
I don't know if you guys saw and I'm just late on the tweeting, but Gallery furniture went up in flames this evening. Crazy! So sad 
@MusicJunkies90 LMAO, Just Being Random!! This Damn Chair Is Annoying Me Today Though!!  Yeah, Maybe I'll Throw This Out Tha Window LOL!!
Just Up..I Am Trien To Swallow Breakfast But It Hurts And Its Only A Yogart  :'( I Might Have To Go Doctor And Hospital 
...still disappointed that Adam didn't win.   His rendition of &quot;Mad World&quot; is so haunting.  I just listened on uTube...love it!
@MusicJunkies90 Just Being Random!! This Damn Chair Is Annoying Me Today Though!!  Yeah, Maybe I'll Throw This Out Tha Window LOL!!
Tanked Heroic Nexus. Was crit'ed for 12K and wiped. Finished out rest of instance w/o issue though. Gear was nerfed at 80? Not def caped 
OMG! :O Just watched the last Episode of Bones! :O Holy shit. 
@MyfWarhurst  You Know.. In the Dirt.. Not the Oven .. Too Soon   I have lost a few hounds but all end up having a dirtnap ..
No Iron Maiden Flight 666 DVD in the post today  Will have to wait til Tuesday now as got it posted to work!!!! Plop!!!
Watchin Britains Got Talent! OMG its Shite lol Its Lovely The Day But For how Long  x
Still disturbed by what i saw last night on My Weapon Is A Dog  Something seriously needs to be done about this and fast!!
Bleh New Agains Not Woking On iTunes  i acually like that song XD
Yo! How was your QuickBooks 2009/10 User Meet? ...Interesting? ... or ... boring? 
Got me my #Starbucks Latte Mocha. :3 It's just not as nice as the last time I got it.  Staying back with colleague till around 7ish. T_T
I just love the grandma in How To Deal. Hilarious, I tell you. My legs hurttttt 
This is stupid! My disk won't start! -Pouts- Looks like I can't watch Slumdog Millionare!  Xxx
Damn you Hill Giant in a chest! Lost a bunch of progress in Final Fantasy 2. 
Trying To Figure Out What To Do For Work Experience Help 
Toothache  Can anyone recommend a good dentist either in Shoreditch or Shepherd's Bush? Or should I brave the BBC dentist...?
Has just seen the worst case of Builder's arse I have ever seen! Truly disgusting, only thing is that it was Unmarried Single Mum's arse 
@yam9972 Daddy ! How are you ? Missed you the other day on MSN,sorry  Talk to u soon ! Love you ?
I Hope Joe Is Kidding About Wanting Me To Work 4-1 This Weekend!   ??
@Zombie_Plan Having the links down the side instead of along the top is epic fail IMHO 
Phoned about the cottage- it DOES have a garden but someone's putting a deposit down. Gutted. Also no Southampton due to traffic. Rubbish 
I'm very sad, I've just done the last night of our show 'In Public With Your Pants Down' Going to miss it 
In Da Bathtub Soakin In Epsom Salt  My Bodyache 
Getting Ready For Work.... Cant Be Bothered Tooo Hungover 
At greyhound depot now. Bus is late, of course, so I'll be waiting at least an hour. Crap. So tired 
http://twitpic.com/5oood - Anytime kid. lol Wife prefers a monkey 
@amanda_holden Welcome to twitter! Hope you enjoy it. Can't wait for BGT live shows. No tickets tho.  Watched auditions live. Was great!
@Davidptdf Haha Aww Poor David  That's Ok So Do I Lol! Ugh School.... But I Have a 4 Day Weekend Whoot &lt;33 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
OMG.........Another day of rain.  5 Stright days in a row.  And of course this weekend I pick to have a Yard Sale.  
Hopes Everythings Sorted Now  Poor Adam, He Was Robbed!
Checking out about this Cat on Twitter I keep hearing about.... Look Out Ashton, this Cat might just Beat You 
In Mcdonalds....... Wanted To See Star Trek But All Late Times 
is missing her little star like crazy today, @edibow playing Rule the World by Take That isn't helping...  miss you teeny star xxx
@djc1977 hey, it is going to be late when I get there tonight. FYI. About midnight.  I am bringing my car cuz I need Gigi. lol.
Sooooo tired. Next to no sleep 'cause it was too hot to sleep in here 
I stupidy typed 'plum bedding' into google to find some new ones and have now fallen in love with some from Next  
I'm done with Take Notice Pre Production (what a great week) and now I got some mixing to do.  Oh and my back hurts 
Today: nephew turns 3! The Real You announces tour! Work 8 hours...  hang out with my bests!!! Overall good day.
@EricMaurer Interesting, but isn't not showing thumbnails. Page download could be slow if images are big? Thumbnails only on picture libs 
Abort! Abort! Heading to Plus One Johnny. If I can find it. 
I'm going to make my mom take me to Hot Topic. The clearance section is 50% off so vans and converse are like $10! We all know I'm cheap. 
#firstrecord i actually have no idea  *think* my first cassette was Hangin' Tough by NKOTB. first 7&quot; Leave A Light On by Belinda Carlisle!
@EzineArticles Team and @ChrisKnight Disappointed Big time with your editors  . Someone Please Help me to resolve the problem
@theOlsens Heyy Girls, Its So Cool How Your Twins I Am Two xD My Twin Sister Is 20 Minutes Older Then Me  Hows Your Morning?
#SaveEarl They're canceling &quot;My Name Is Earl&quot;  unless we tweet a lot!!
Friday &amp; I Can't Go Out Because I've no Money! 
Have just cancelled the premiere of Dark Glass  It just wasn't going well. Maybe heading for recycling! 'Benllech Shells' instead then!
&quot;Adobe Uses DMCA On Protocol It Promised To Open&quot; [slashdot] - http://tr.im/m6AG - rtmpdump project taken off the net 
Nevermind. Raining in mtns &amp; in Moab. Today is Porc-free riding diet.  guess I'll head up to Vernal. #fb
@lundyfastnet Syllabus: Riveting , seriously.  http://bit.ly/3w28B6.  Wish I could take your class.  Except I wouldn't pass 
Hii Hii Tweeters Had a Big Meetin About My Exams Today 
 my chorus teacher gave the Children of Eden solo to ALL the senior girls... WTF. It's not a solo now! Stuck with the spiritual :/
Fastpass for Buzz Lightyear for 11:50. Now to Carousel of Progress. It has started to rain and Monsters Laugh Floor isn't running?  #wdw
@Wildfirefitness My core is sore!!!!!    I will send you details in a BB IM.    Program &quot;Get Fine In 2009&quot; Is in Full Effect! WOOT WOOT!!
Does Anyone Want My Tickets To &quot;A Different Me Tour&quot;...I Just dont think I will be able to STOMACH IT! Really... 
I need to go on suicide watch. The Drive, The Fumble, The Shot, Jose Mesa, the Sweep in '07, and now this... Where's my razor blade? 
@theashleytaylor Dont Judge...You KNow You Want Me...Ha. I've Been Being A Good Wife All Weekend.&amp; Now Hes Away For Three Days.  ComeOver
Finally saw Star Trek, It was good. Had some sushi, that was good.  Leaving for two weeks tomorrow morning.  That is sad. Will miss wife 
@MissxMarisa That looks scary the Shadow Walker Lmfao, Prop 8 all the way, How come youdon't respond back Half the time 
So bored. Driving lesson with Dad this afternoon.  Hate driving. Actually...I hate a lot of things.
Spent way to much money today! Think I'll pop into Coles for some Early Grey and spend the night taking it easy... No trivia either 
Link: Oh, California; You Disappoint Me - errantsnob: Shameful. California. Really?!  http://tumblr.com/xpa1vnack
What the heck is up with Cape Talk and 702 ? No Streaming today 
Tonight, beer + Barca. Less work and more play at the weekend, and hopefully more music. Wishing pandora worked here # 
Listening to  R.kelly's Greatest Hits....&quot;Half On A Baby&quot; man Kels make Me wanna be home(Chicago) i better turn it off(Homealone) 
OMG!!!! Im So mad My Phone Is Broken And There Is Nothing I can Do About it Until The Morning  Anyone Who knows Me Knows I cant Live
50 Year Old Female Virgin...Gah Damn.  That makes me sad...
Back in the D..rainy &amp; ugly  Boo. Had a great trip though. Colorado is gorgeous. Wish I could move to Boulder. Wow. It's so late here. 
2:12am. I am watching The Emperor's New School. Or I think that is what it is called. I can't sleep.  Waking up in about three hours=Hard.
So tired. Lost track of time last night Reading new book. Put it down at 1.30am, but still awake at 3! Now I have to get up 
I love Pepe Lew Pew, he was hilarious. Which reminds me, I should buy some Looney Tunes on DVD. If only it wasn't so expensive ... 
It rained today  More like a mini storm, Went to town with @CullenFanChloe, Now watching Twighlight.
; at school !    working on music projectt        Chilling With Tino And Rozzzz
@Wildcatcdc That's how I am with Heavy Lies the Crown and *sniff* Claiming Hermione...I miss it 
Okay So I Dont Know If Yall Know But Im Not Good WIth Thunder Storms  Theres Lightning &amp; Thunder Like Crazy  Help!
Woah, neat! Hulu Desktop is so nifty. Now we just need some way to get Co-Op and Giant Bomb's stuff on it. 
@MelakneeRows  that's awful. They need to ditch ticketmaster. No Doubt and Blink 182 use live nation so their tix are only $15 for fans
Done work...free at last!  For the next two days only 
Wow. Deal has a 3% Freshness rating on Rotten Tomatoes. My poor bb, Bret. 
I Don't Think I'm Gonna Be Able To Handle Not Seeing Jay Leno At 11:35 Every Week Night! I Feel So Old Meh!!! 
@Ms_Couture_1987 LOL It's Kind of Catchy But Yeah He Makes Me Mad He's So Indecisive With You 
@lindseylauren I Was In The Chat But It Logged Me Off My Internet Lost Connection  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@SwagBrandi94 Lol.  I Miss You More! It's Cuz GayyDee Got His Phone Disconnected.
My Twitters Broken, I Cant Add Other People. 
@Therapist_Model Just jumping on to catch up on twitter My blackberry died   I am Lost. So who said I was out 4 pedi?any other wives w/ me
@made_2_impress Lol. I Was Gunna Say..  Yeahh. I'm Goin To His Fam's Party On Sat With My Friend.
No more updates or customer support for Matrix Online as of 01/06. Play ends as of 31/07 - bye bye MxO. Sorry you never quite made it. 
Arrived in the capital city! Already hungover though  Breakfast beers was a silly idea.
That Nap I Just Had Was GREAT, But Jefrica And Devetrice Are Gon' Be Mad At Me For Not Answerin' My Phone! 
The Nap I Just Had Was GREAT, But Jefrica And Devetrice Are Gon' Be Mad At Me For Not Answerin' My Phone! 
@dmoneymania  I'm sorry. Excited for tomorrow night? Karaoke!! Getting anything special for bday?
Getting ready for school - second maths test today  also its my last day of 3rd year!! Next week i will officially be in 4th year 
Woke Up,I Wanna Stay In My bed 
@ddlovato Caan't Iht Be Earlier? ICant Wait That Long.  Ahar. (:
watching The Biggest Loser on Hallmark. Never fails to make me cry  nyeh.
There's Nothing To Do Right Now And I'm Tired But I Don't Want To Sleep. Cleaned Up Pretty Good, So Proud. At Least I'd Be A Good Janitor 
@Potato_Chip That's right! I totally forgot. Might not be till August, though    Have a great summer!!
  Jus Got Hom Fr. TDa Funeral... I'm So Sad! I Cried So Much Times! Much Love Grandpa!&lt;3 I Never Got To Say My Last &quot;Goodbye&quot; to Him.
Morning. Panic. Clicked a link and opened up my browser. Firefox, what have you done with all my saved tabs??? Gone! That'll learn me... 
Did 2dives w/ Oceans Deep Dive. 10m vis, no sun, no colours. Dynamite fishing has done it's toll on the reefs. 
I miss the Doctor Who regular series. 
Watched The Notebook last night.... Wahhhhhhh!  V good.  Cried my eyes out!  Maybe a bit too close to home I think.    Go watch!
Wee laddie's been SO upset for about 2 hours. Tried soothing him in bed, nursing, etc. Nope. Up at 3:30am for real food. Blue Clues now. 
heading to bed, somewhat reluctantly, as there is Look Around You on at 1:30. Why must the DVDs be Region 2 only? 
Missing Going To Villa.. Another 2 Months With Out Them 
@Fearnecotton who sings 'I Remember'? i alwaysss hear it on Radio 1 but never catch the artist 
I am doing Geography Revision on Earthquakes!  How Boring!!
Just Finished My English Final...Just One Step Closer To The End. 
Congrats to ALL Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing &amp; Big DEAL! I jus wish i cudve attended My lil man Ryan kdg graduation  Feel verY SAD!
PSA::::: Being that I've been usuing twiddict- my last 14 tweets have yet to show on the bored. Bare w me. 
Up early for class. ((Blahh))-------&gt; Hang Over kiddies 
@RetroBakery I would have to agree on the Bacon Cupcake... Would rather drive 2 the shop instead of 2 the office  
is thinking WOW I survived Freshman year...Mission Accomplished...Now Sophomore year 
 Why Does She Keep Trying To Hurt Me? Aren't The Tears I've Cried In The Past Few Months Enough?
..Get Over On His Mom &amp; Now I Feel Horrible, He Must Think I am.  That's Not What I Meant. Just Thought It'd Be Better Than The Brunt. 
Today i Know, My Life Is Empty...  Thats sad but real!!
@RachelSexton FRUITY PEBBLES?! What? Over Lucky Charms 
Dilemma, what to wear: Now: SanFran Foggy and 58 , then Sacramento in cple hrs sun and 86 degr . 
Done With Exams...Now Focusing on Summer School...DAYUUMM Life's Hard 
back from lunch and it's pouring rain! ugh  ohh well at least it gets me into a Death Cab For Cutie mood! 
@lilmo4ever I'm So Mad I Wont Be There!!!!!!!!! UGHHH!!! 
Just watched the &quot;Final Break&quot; final prison break episode. It was great. Farewell Prison Break. You will be dearly missed. 
Life Just Isn't Fair &gt; And I Feel 
It's Going To Be A Busy Day  And That Sucks Cause I Wanted To Spend Time With Someone Earlier Today
Went to the vending maching to get Bugles. No Bugles  Perhaps it is a sign that I don't need the snack anyway.
Busy friday. I got lots to do and a game tonight. 8:15 at McNair! Last AP Lit and Gym today 
My Respect For Travis Clark Has Gone Down 7.5 Notches 
Ready for Eastenders - going to be a good one!! .. Then the last BGT Semi Final  .. FINAL tomorrow night though  Exciting stuff...
Cried Like A Fukn Baby Today Durin Da Senior Show...Ima Miss All My Senior Friends  
Is happy...Skool just let out..! Today was my last day..! Yippee! R.I.P Jackson Tyler Morris..! Always Loved And Never Forgotten..! 
Sugar Free Should Have Gone Through In stead On 2 Grand  They Were So Good and 2 Grand Is A Bit Too Cheesy
O dios acaban de tocar The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart en el primavera sound  life is not fair
Waiting for Raimi's new horror flick Drag Me To Hell. I'm really excited for this! Too bad it's not in #amcmain in KC 
I Wanna be @ JET in the Mirage...     Couldn't get to Hawaii either   *****Someday***** Much Love To THE_WOCKEEZ and SuperCr3w
Is Watching Britains Got Talent, &amp; Is biting her nails. Please don't come off black nail varnish 
Doctor Who has finished 
Woke up... cleaned... Aunt Emmas... Walmart.. Commissary... Now its time for a nap!!!.. then off to work 
@gfalcone601 Is It The Bit Where Hollie Started Crying? 
Chaz's Daily Happenings: 22:31 Watching E.R instead of a DVD. End of an era  # 11:09 The sun is out. Wooo  #.. http://tinyurl.com/lgwrum
The Rain Makes Me Sad. Its Like I Want To Kill myself,&lt;-  
Is Home Alone Yet Again; Mam And Dad Rather Go To The Club Than Stay In With Me Or Take Me Out; Yes I Think That Proves How Loved I Am  !
I never win raffles. But I won the raffle @ Dulce for the Culture Crawl! What did I win? A tie and a pocketsquare! No $700 handbag for me 
@evienyc: Aww, that sux!  @Sitatara_x3: Eeek for Airline charges!!! (X_X)
@James_Young Iv Only Got Two Twitters On Here !! 
Going to settle down and watch Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants 2. Just had a two Mars Bars  but YUM!
My Head Feels Like It's Going To Explode 
Arrived safely in San Fran. Disgraced to report that I tossed my cookies. Seems I no longer have the constitution for flying. 
Oh no! I just read they are going to do a remake of Girls Just Wanna Have Fun   Stop it hollywood-just stop!
LOVED &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;...yeah my Spend the Day Studying plan didn't happen 
Bout 2 Miss Mah Lakers Play 2day...  This Orange Box Is Fuckin Up The Rotation!.. Mah Real LA Fam.. Keep Me Posted!.. I LOVE HATERS 2!!
@One_Bloody_Poet What's the matter?  
Latest: Saw Animal Collective in Oakland and they were AMAZING! Now, I am trying to clean my room 
@sarahphymn Or FTRH -- For The Ride Home 
sorry @RockinChick09 I Havent Ate Breakfast Yet So Ima Go Eat Over There lololol and my pc is dying  bbl love ya
Stupid HomeWork Is A Waste Of My Time ! 
@georgiaface Let the Right One In? Aparently Drag Me to Hell also has some horrible cat nastiness 
@OFFICIALDJAOK @NatBoogi @tinocochino @JTONAIR  Soooooooo What Happened To Power ForReal? 
Aww When Love Is Gone is playing on shuffle 
Dear On the Boards Theater: You are so loud above my head  stomp stomp ugh
@deanm1987 Hey twit! Just watched poor Holly on Britains Got Talent  poor thing!! People are so mean - she only a 10 year old little girl!
@catrionat7 Lol I Sed Want to Not Ach Dress Up For No Reason. Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee Im Bored.  Lol
I wanna see Drag Me To Hell  Someone take meee!  Oh and Follow me.  And Subscribe: http://www.youtube.com/user/JessiNoel29
#whyareyoustillhere One Tree Hill!!! [[ They cancelled my shows The Game &amp; Everybody Hates Chris n dont NOBODY WATCH U N-E-MORE!!!  ]]
Listening to: Sweet Talk 101 - Cute Is What We Aim For /// Considering taking up the GameBoy Color again. I miss chiptune. 
Well I guess I'm not heading out to LA this weekend, Doubt I'll get to go to the PS Blog Meet and Greet 
I miss ya, Boyfriend!  When am I gonna see ya again? Br!Tt@Ny!!!
I drive &gt;90mph on a daily basis. u cld film Fast &amp; Furious off of me. But anything  &lt;1 mph is not my forte'. I bump Anything!.  
Watching ET today!  &lt;3 Supposed to have a clip from New Moon  Hating Drag Me To Hell 
Argh noo! Missed The Killers on Wossy!  That sucks! Missed out on Brandon. Total failure! Anyone know if it's repeated? Must investigate!
Cleaned out me Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer 
OMG Great Day Today Went To A Art Thingy  And Noe I Really Want A Zune HD  And The Bed Part Its Raining  Come Out Mister Sun 
Cleaned out my Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer 
@ElZorro: &quot;&quot;UB40-&quot;Bring Me Your Cup&quot;&quot;&quot;  ? http://blip.fm/~7af72
The Life Of A College Stay At Home Mom: Delay in the Bash  http://bit.ly/CnyhP
Standing ovation for Wieters. Nobody was sitting down. Insane. Hit into double play though 
Big Sad Face   Bing doesn't work on iPhone.  It just takes you to the regular mobile Live search.
busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...Yea! The weekend! Pray for my Uncle, still young and had a massive stroke!! 
@Wonder33Woman Yes I did see Mitch Hedberg and the whole floss thing.  He's hilarious.  I &lt;3 him.  Poor guy 
ACK! Ghost Whisperer isn't on!   Damn network's lucky they gave me Walk The Line in place of it...f*ckas. JP is hawt.  :0)
Made it to Wisconsin... Now off to Golden Corral again! dang! lol we missed the graduation! tho  Dang!
Trying to watch Boys Before Flowers online. Streaming sucks and my wireless is crappy too 
OMG! I'm Back. I Know I Was Out For A Week. Because My Brother Took His Laptop With Him To Mexico. So I Couldn't Be Online. 
Hi Tweets. Im Kinda Aggervated, I Sapost To Stay Up Till 7am Last night To Watch Taylor Swift On The Today Show.. I Missed It!! 
Is It Wrong If I Don't Go 2 My Paw Paw Funeral.? I Meen... I Hate Funerals Period, Plus Ion Thnk My Heart Can Handle Seeing That. 
Movie night bc I have to work tomorrow.  Watching The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. So far, it's a really good movie.
@winchestersam Just Waiting, For Someone I can Talk to.....I Am Really Upset Today, Not the Best Day Ever Huh?.... 
Bout 2 Miss Mah Lakers Play 2day...  This Orange Box Is Fuckin Up The Rotation!.. Mah Real LA Fam.. Keep Me Posted!.. I LOVE HATERS 2!!
Yippy, my tweets were on Red Cross's blog!  Boooo, I didn't qualify for Macy*s &amp; Clinton Kelly's Make Over America Contest! 
After two years of abuse my iPhone's finally starting to break down. Vibrate is broken. Awesome. Now my weekend's shot!  And vibrateless! 
@ashlynn32 UgH....... You Are A Heartbreaker  You Know That HaHa..... You Stay Overwhelmed With Work 
HIGH AS HELL!!! Been Smokin' That Cali.....Ohh &amp;  Getting Ready To Go To Work 
Fuck.. Another early morning flight to catch  when do we get net  on board in India???
FREE Psychic Readings at Coyote Ugly Tonight...My Merch. Rm. is BUSY! Too bad they're Not Buying Merch. 
OMG - I think I just saw Amy Jergens from Secret Life in Brantford's Starbucks! No lie but she's very anti photo 
Worst Night Ever.Where are you?  I can't stay up tonight,but I will do so any way.I'll try.
@JoeOHerrera Ugh. That sucks  But thanks for all the updates!! And I'm not sure about City Limits. Haven't passed by it.
Fuck my life, for real. My D&amp;G Light Blue was 3 days old before the bottle shattered. R.I.P.   Anyone wanna donate to the fund...?
Trapped in the office till 130am, no new Acp For 50+hrs 
Well I've Been Home For 5 Lonely Hours. I Miss Him Already.  He Is A Big Part Of My Life. My Love Of My Life! My Papi, I Love You.
Unfortunately I think Late Net With Urgo is off for tonight. Going to be working late &amp; probably all day tomorrow  Sorry everyone
Eminem Post!: Really good interview...gets kinda sad when he talks about Proof  Actual interview starts at par.. http://tinyurl.com/mw9pbh
The Life Of A College Stay At Home Mom: Delay in the Bash  http://bit.ly/3KQOZe
OMG! Why I This Song On? Musiq Soulchild &quot;Halfway Crazy&quot; I Really Don't Need To Be Listening To This Song. It's Going To Make Cry. 
so Nix and I can't go to Fashion Week tonight  Bummer! So here we are bidding Angge a happy Fashion Week trip haha!:-*
@anneheathen rock on! somewhat related, lent hubby Slippery When Wet &amp; he didn't get it. Sadness 
@MabelStanley Perhaps not. Suck about your TV.  Find something good about the weekend. I am happy I get paid and to see Up tomorrow.
Saw Walk the Line tonight.Never heard much Cash before.I could definitely appreciate this.Why do I only &quot;discover&quot; artists after they die 
@ Joey B's On The Landing.. Bruce Bruce Show Is Sold Out @ The STL House Of Comedy.. 
Eminem Post!: Really good interview...gets kinda sad when he talks about Proof  Actual interview starts at par.. http://tinyurl.com/m855yb
KenElizabethDrag Me To Hell was pretty sick...I'm very impressed!!! Now I'm watching Final Destination 2 on TV!!! Then Bed..Work 2morrow 
Drag Me To Hell was pretty sick...I'm very impressed!!! Now I'm watching Final Destination 2 on TV!!! Then Bed..Work 2morrow 
Blink 182 is touring this summer with Fall Out Boy, Weezer, and All American Rejects. Is this win? I think so, and I really wanna go 
Gonna get heat for this, but Dumars made the right call in trading Chauncey. He choked. Again. Story of his life. 
@TreverKeith Hi! This is your annoying-ass stalker from Costa Rica! Remember? Cincinnati? I &lt;3 Hitchens too! Am I less annoying? No 
Going To Bed. So Flippen Tired. Nick's In NY.  i miss youu ! Lol. Night! &lt;3
I wish I had a reading rainbow  Next step, buy 800 colourful books and build a library http://twurl.nl/js4dki
@RetroRewind Is this a trick question Dave.....um let me think NKOTB  and my music just cut out during Rain 
Let me quote the song This World by Schoolboy Humor : &quot;I'm getting tired of getting used to missing you.&quot; 
Cards lost tonight: 4-2.   Sad. That's okay, we'll get them tomorrow. Go Cards!
Everyone Must Hate Me I Have No Followers And I'm Basically Talking To Myself Im Such A Fat Lazy Bastard 
I'm Hungry, All I've Had Today Was Some Cheese Fries. Damn These Teeth  This Motrin Really Doesn't Work. My Mom Gave Me Something Though
@onthe222 Yes King Henry VIII was a dick. You need to keep watching the show. I'm behind on the current season no showtime  Crappy net too
@ActingisLove16 Can You Do Anything This Summer??? Is The Summer School On The Computer??? Also, When You Leaving Us!!??? :'(   
Messed Up My Flight To VA Today....  Gotta Go Next Week..!!
*facepalm* Amazing stupidity at work here  - 'Evolution is a Lie, Straight From the Pit' - http://tinyurl.com/nvkrkr
Niggas Losin Money Gamblin In These Video Games And Start Cryin Give Me A Rematch 
I heard that Glamour Kills is doing a pre-order for Nothing Personal with the new ATL? shirts Monday. OMFG wish I had a store near me 
Dumb Ass Twitter Fon Isnt Letting Me Refresh The Page...I Exceeded The Limit  
Dear Germans, Please find another beach to smoke on (Like your own North Sea). I can't smell the salt air! 
I've Gone Downstairs For Breakfast!! See If I Can Actually Eat. Cos I've Had Two Teeth Out 
&quot;Your Woman is Priceless...Don't Call her a Dime!&quot;- im Up..slightly Sober  ..I'm Doing wat i do best, no not the kinky stuff, Soccer babay
Check this video out -- Demi Lovato Don't Forget Deluxe Edition: Show At The Wiltern http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G6GRdz- 
Just finished being a bit of a bum - CS, How I Met Your Mother, &amp; Top Gear.... I think I'm becoming just a little too lazy on weekends 
Yeah I Hope So!! Its To Hard To See Him N Just B Mates 
@DollFaceNerd Yeah I Hope So!! Its To Hard To See Him N Just B Mates 
Woke Up With A Cold This Morning 
Am I The Only One That Teared Up At The End Of Jay's Show?  
Kaplan Trainer Help: I am feeling very discourage  . My trainer scores are as follow 1 57%, 2 47%, 3 58%??? Wh.. http://bit.ly/nMFA6
@IzaArtillero i'm not planning to study in States anymore! gaaaahh... Next year, i'm gonna work pass na talaga my form!! RAWR. 
In Wales On Holiday But I Am Going Soon Dont Want ToLeave And Got Sun Burn On My Back. x 
I Was In The Club For Literally 7 Mins...But We Got In For Free Tho...So Im Not Trippin...Shayla Clearly Didnt Wait for Me Tho  !
Drag Me To Hell Was Scary And Fun!! I Bet It Will Become A Cult Classic Later On.. Awww I Missed Jay Leno's Last Show On The Tonight Show 
@JohnnyJfar OMG! There is gonna be a Toy Story 3! This day just gets better &amp; better, couldn't watch trailer on itouch though  Love Pixar
Just Woke Up...Still Sick  In Great Need Of Chocolate!
Just Got Up.. Feeling Like Crap  Might Ave A Cold Coming :'( Anyhoo Must Dye My Hair, &amp; Do Me Room If I Reli Want That Guinea Pig ;)
I want to see the new Sam Raimi horror. &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; But. PG-13?!! Seriously??!! WHY???!!! I'm afraid I'm going to be disappointed. 
Sad   Just been watching about a dog with cancer in his final days. My cat has terminal cancer. Made me think of her and cry. Off to gym.
@SapphyNo1 Luckily my children are 21 and 16...so no longer wake me in a demanding manner!! Daughter off back to Uni tomorrow 
@1capplegate But we don't want a finale episode ... We want the show to continue ...  ... Anyway. Take care, sweet Christina. Love you! SL
Good Night Twitter Nation. Have To Be Up In A Couple Of Hours  But Couldnt Sleep. Too Much Energy For The System. Leave The Love! xmuah!x
Got No Txtz,, Itz Cold,, Home Alone And Nothing To Do !!!   
Breakfast at Soho Coffee. What a beautiful day. Shame I will spend the next 9 hours indoors 
Can't believe WWE released Mr Kennedy  Best Of Luck To You Ken-http://bit.ly/M0OsV
Without Twitter Life is Like The Seasons With No Summer With Twitter its Like Short Stack Without Bradie Webb As The Drummer 
Without Twitter Life is Like The Seasons With No Summer Without Twitter its Like Short Stack Without Bradie Webb As The Drummer 
Arghh Another Beautiful Day + I Have To Work  x
So Clearly Chamala Went To Sleep On Me  !
Not feeling well enuff to go and enjoy the sun. Bottom  . Being a woman is hell.
All My Favourite Twitters So Close 2Me Just Delete Away ... All This Time U Were Pretending So Much 4MY Twitter Ening 
All My Favourite Twitters So Close 2Me Just Delete Away ... All This Time U Were Pretending So Much 4MY Twitter Ening 
Well, I just can't do The Moon... No matter how hard I try, The Moon cannot be done. 300 m's... Boo hoo Namco! 
Worried about my honey, Steve. In hospital. Very bad shape. Part of foot removed. Diabetes is a very ugly thing. Please pray for him.  
@jezwelham I Love Ittttt,.  Greek Ones Are Niice,.! Love It When They Put Loadsa Salt On It Too,.. English Ones Jus Ain't Tha Same,.! 
Ofsaa Regionals, I finished in 6:10.10, the standard for World's in Steeple is 6:09.30, i missed by 0.8 seconds. Pretty Depressing. 
&amp; I Dont No How Im Going 2Survive When They Take It Away  Its So Hard 2SayMyspaceTwitters Better Then U Ull Be Ok Ive Got2Twitter 2Day
A moment of silence 4 my BlackBerry. It passed away during the nite.  Have to fork over the big $$$ for a new one  No Berry no work. CRAP!
@DharmaDuck Thank goodness for that. Me? Normal? Never..... No sleep  Now photo editing....Joy
Watching Tele  So Bored Wish I Was In America Now :'(
Feel So Ill.  Watching The End Of That SClub Movie On Nick Lol. Why Not Hmmm? 
@mileycyrus Hi Miley. Feeling  ? Why not try Blackpool? Its like Vegas except there's loads of cheap pirate copies of your Dad's CDs.
Unfortunatly I Have Spilt Tango ALL OVER My Laptop  -_-  VERY Pissed Off. Luckily I Have Managed To Save Everything But My Maryse Videos. 
Im watching the Biggest Loser Finale.  I also just got back from my final 8th grade Band Concert.    There was a lot of crying going on.
Doing Extra House Work To Earn Money for Grad Trip. Cleaning the House, Picking weeds, folding laundry, cleaning bathrooms...... Eehh (N) 
@dannywood We love u Too Danny!!!  Are u Ready 4 the tour? &amp; do u know if NC will get thier tour dates back? My sister is still bummed 
What? There's Ev with no Biz  100 Most Creative People http://www.fastcompany.com/100/mcp.html
@Ynachan In our place, you dont have huge events as these. Once I tried to get by as L from Death Note, no one recognized me 
Wakey wakey! Time to get up. Going home today...Vegas bound. Had lots of pointless fun with @diannnabee. Sad to leave 
It's been like 9 hours and the Ready to be New Again documentary STILL hasn't loaded. Ugh, I give up. I'll never be able to watch it. 
has just drank a gallon of tea whilst watching &quot;Who Framed Roger Rabbit&quot;. Now off to work until 3am. Hurray!?? 
Yo who has my copy of Lust,Caution? This is UPSETTING! I hate when my DVDs grow legs! 
Waiting (song not sitting doing shit all) made it better. Now Whole Lotta History...sob  but Kimberlys voice at the start...&lt;melts&gt;
@amaliazacchara I am so so so sorry about all the shit I said last night. Pretend it never happened? 
@Fearnecotton can u play Nelly Furtado - Say It Right, doing assignments today 
Ok, Now I've REALLY Gotta Start This Art Homework... 
@electrcspacegrl Help. Alan Tudyk #Emmys campaign. Due 5/31? Rd my posts-go2 ewausiello/latgoldderby. Getting no traction w/ just 1 voice 
Cant wait for Hills Season Finally... going to miss seeing @LaurenConrad  The hills is not going to be the same
Okay So No Curls. Blow Out. 
Jus Joined Twitter, Tryna Upload My Bakground Design But It Wont Work 
@Im_Just_Chloe Sounds like ur having a blast. So glad the concerts are a success. Have a grt show in St. Louis 2nite. Wish I cld b there. 
Just Woke Up. Going To Visit My Aunt In The Hospital. 
Wow Going To Bed Soon  im wanting to know what time is it in america? lol Feet Cold! Cya Tomorrow Ily All Heidi!
No...no..noooooo! An ABC Family remake of 10 Things I Hate About You..wtf!?!? 
@Tanya_xO Aha. Bethany Fell Over And They Fell Off My Head And My Aunt 'Didnt See' Them. And She Stood On Them. Now Beyond Repair 
@Tanya_xO Aha. Bethany Fell Over And They Fell Off My Head And My Aunt 'Didnt See' Them. And She Stood On Them. Now Beyond Repair 
A song for my Nan: Over The Rainbow, Israel Kamakawiwo'Ole 
Need. Flour. Still out!  Don't feel like getting out of bed when there's no flour to make blueberry waffles. Yummy blueberries.
Everytime I watch Schindler's List my heartbreaks a lil bit each time. 
Good morning Twitterville! It's May Grey in Cardiff by the Sea!  Next up, June Gloom! Where's the Sun?
Why Do Some People Hate Me .. Ox  It makes me sad .. 
Reception's not for another 2.5 hours, and I'll bet they won't be showing Doctor Who episodes (something my sister should consider), so 
Shower. Order hinges. Gym. Then work 
Bored. SONIC ! Want to Talk to the Sister Courtney but She's Moving and idk. the Number. .And the Bestie Ciara is Grounded 
Exhausted. Just got home from Plaza Indo. Boyfriend @ friends' house busy playing poker at the same time ignoring me 
@epiphanygirl sorry I'm late but All I Ever Think About, If I Had  My Way, and New York.im twittering on my phone and its slow 
Have I mentioned that I want to go see the Girls again? Because I do. Multiple times. Especially in Newc. I WANT IT. 
Packing My Bag For School On Monday  Ohh Well. The Holiday Was Good. Cinema Tomorrow 
New Song of the Moment #Pens fans! Hear Kardaz - The Mighty Guins 2007 no new version tho  at http://www.wjfuoco.com or http://is.gd/JZh3
SHA~VINDE's Birthday Is Next Week And Nobody's Comin' To Jamba Juice To Celebrate. 
Nico Is Gettin' His Mohawk Cut Off! 
Last night was ok. Made me realize how much I miss camping. Tonight is already a flop, though... 
@MichaelaMoose  I Wish... The Computer Lost All My Work 
@donttrythis I know not family friendly..  I will think up something else. Something with Video Games. Like do violent video games ra ...
@mileycyrus Hi Miley. Feeling  ? Why not try Blackpool? Its like Vegas except it has a lower drinking age.
@Fearnecotton Hii, Ive Got My GCSE Maths On Monday! Could You Please Play Jonas Brothers For Lauren &amp; Alex Green Because Were All Scared 
The shortest ride ever. Wasn't feeling it. Letting The Crazy get to me. Turned out to be good - look at rear tire.  http://twurl.nl/8qz5bq
is in Rocky Mount, NC.  First time since Sugarlump graduated 2 Heaven. Either I've grown an adam's apple or there's a lump in my throat 
@Fearnecotton Hello, is there any chance of getting a play? &quot;Tonight Tonight- Smashing Pumpkins&quot; keeping it classic. Revising  x
Thanks to Super Size Me. Now I'm craving for a Double Cheeseburger. 
@stroughtonsmith Lame. It says video is not supported on the iPhone.  Will check it out later. Thank you!
Fabric last night made me feel my age  Checking out Deep House and Things Tonight, Tomorrow - Fish Go Deep. G'wan she said!
@Mr_PaulEvans Man this Strep Throat got the best of me.. Sucks Cause I'm out of town too !! Had mad Plans Today.Wish i could bbq 
I Always Cry At The End Of Star Wars : Rvenge Of The Sith. Im Sucha Nerd. 
Crap. Sister's home. Which brings on the migraines and suffering. *curses everything* There goes my starting the models today. 
No U2 conference at Duke.    Next time, Gadget.
WrestlingIncVideo: The Botched Spot That Led To Mr. Kennedy WWE Firing http://tinyurl.com/ngufvy &lt;--- Poor Randy 
@paulshadwell Uninstalled A Air. Re-installed it. Launched TD - just black box, still  Don't know what to try next.
Powerpuff was pretty interesting. Aside from seeing a certain someone 
-- Kill me.I want to die. Put a bullet in my heeeeaaaad.  Ten points if you can name the movie...  .... i miss my cell. 
Got Burnt From Sitting In My Garden Ouchhh 
Got Burnt Because I Forgot To Put On Sun Cream Woops ,, OUCH  !!
My mom just went to Old Navy without me. I am sooo mad. Now I'm watching True Jackson VP with my dog who does NOT talk very much. 
Couldnt get through to vote for Diversity!  #bgt
@bowwow614 Love Your Music; But Nobody Plays It In Ireland  Wud U Mind If I Sent It Into A Radio Station To Play It; Everyone Will Love U
Hate Being in on a Sat Btw  Roll On 2moz  x
gonna see the Back To The Future trilogy tonight at the New Beverly..... im so pissed i missed Christopher Loyd last night 
Screeamo Children Make A Return Outside My House. I May Just Do An Anakin Skywalker. But I Dont Have An Effing LightSaber 
@OscarTheCat OMG! What is going on here! Not another loss! We are so sorry, Oscar! Rest in Peace dear kitty. 
We have all the good movies on VHS  like..In The Army Now, Days of Thunder, Jumanji..even Spiderman. I am so bored, no good DVD's 
I am at the coffee shop again to use them for their internet! New News My Car Took It's Last Breath Wednesday 
@helensbored Up in Disney 3D! Not just any 3D! LOL. Well, have fun at Six Flags while I Plant Physiology my life away! 
Boo. Watched 40mins of Wall-E and switched it off. It's no Toy Story. It's not even an Incredibles. Disappointed 
@iloveicecream1 is a shame .... Jiley versus The Fans (no winners here)  Damn It!!
Couldnt get through at all to vote for #Diversity 
GOD! The Suspese Is Killing Me  Just Voted My Last Vote To Diversity 
@Local_Music_Fan Without me?  
Hey, a REAL blog comment. Win! All my comment spam is manually entered.  I AM going to be using Project Honey Pot for their IP blacklist.
Is Still Feeling Over Heated. Im Such A Dumb Ass. Took My Meds N The Car Ride Home N Then Chilled N The Sun. Except Thier Was No Chillng 
At Hennessey's in Hermosa! Summary: HOT girls, &quot;Take Me to the Pilot&quot; (my fave Elton song), and 14-0 to Alabama in the softball. Hotties 
@stranded_88 American Cowboy sounds like Just Dance... Boo! 
@karllydolly Hello, Diversity Won XD I wanted flawless to win but that wasnt the case  Nevermind
Beautiful Day Here. Almost wish I wasn't up all night adding Videos. 
Slept All Day... It's Hot.  - http://bkite.com/080J7
hell yes, Diversity won Britain's Got Talent! They deserved that after an incredible final performance! Shame about Stavros Flatly 
Southend Tommorow Supporting People At The Race For Life Marathon. My Cousin &amp; Aunty Are Running For My Grandad Who Died Of Lung Cancer 
Stephs Cumin 2moz, Cant Wait lol, Got A Reclining Bed T'other Day But My Matress Aint Arrived, So Am On The Floor On A Tidgy 1 Atm  Lol
@MorgannRosee Ohryt  God What have They Said? She can Sing But She Just Won't better Than Diversity 
Hallow-When costume party tonight at Merch Bot. 8 pm. See you there! (via @djangobohren) Can't make it, wha. 
Sitting in my room... With a horrible cold  But On the plus side, I'm listening to Forever The Sickest Kids &lt;3
Just saw Texas Chainsaw Massacre; the beginning. Never gets old. Now of to bed, work at 8:30am... ugh 
Ending  to read Breaking Dawn [The Twilight Saga]. I don't believe: the story  will end ... 
@socaldavel Ugh! Sorry ur sick!  Fresh fruit drinks &amp; Vits E, C, B, Echinacea &amp; Golden Seal. Rest is nice.
Had a really nice day, not in a good mood now though.  Pissed off and pretty pessimistic  Going to watch Team America in bed for laughs.
Just finished Stephen King's The Waste Lands: The Dark Tower III!.... Now i got nothing to read till monday... Sadness 
Can't Skate Today Cuz Of The Shitty Weather 
Too tired.  Still feeling sick, stiff and dizzy  Screw the mall. Save $ and watch the Kardashians marathon instead ;)
Probably Gonna Have Brain Damage By The End Of This Year...Just Scratched My Face...I Think Im Bleeding 
R.I.P Dolla I Love You You Will Alwayz b Missed And In My Heart! 
Rain Rain Go Away Come Back During The Work Week PLEASE! Why cant I Have A Sunny Weekend 
Song Of My Life Now...Your Love Is A Lie-Simple Plan  *BeautifulyLost
Eating With My Baby Girl... Soon to Go Back To Work!!! 
Okay I need a Burst Of energy Where's my Personal nurse with that B12 shot I'm passing out 
@aleskywalker Ale I Cant Put My Picture  &amp; I'm looking For A Book: Radiographic Positioning Pocket Manual By CynthiaD.And Everything Sucks
Slept in  Can't Wait till She Gets Home! Miss Her So Much... Wish I could find a ride Right NOW!!
Waittiin On Trev To Give Me A Call.....      [][] Haven't Talked To Him All Dayyy !!!
Three movies I really want to see: Up, Hangover, and Away We Go. Probably have to wait for DVD for all three 
Off to the footy with little miss and littlest miss today. Second and first gamers respectively. Go Bombers... Their mum supports cats. 
Public Service Announcement: Fellas, when a girl says No, cooperate, u can avoid catching her in a lie later on. She didnt wanna talk 2 u 
Stanley Cup time! Ugh same teams as last year  sooo Go Detroit! Sweep the Pens!
Anybody wanna play Shockwave Bowling? Search up &quot;skybowl.dcr&quot; and have FUN! Requires shockwave player tho 
@reverieBR Hahaha!  Fun!  The link didn't work though 
Twitter Is Losing Its SPARK. .smh 
Watchin' Cavs &amp; Magic... Sheww, Not Lookin' Like LeBron Is Gonna Be In The Finals 
@GuitarHeroDevs Thanks for Eagles of Death Metal. No thanks for no Talking Heads   
Link: Have a Polaroid Summer - annienguyen: Beautiful! They need to bring back the Polaroid.  http://tumblr.com/xqs1wstmf
Cleaning!! Haha... didn't go out at all this wknd!  Next wknd I will have to party twice as much!?
Part 6: Goodbyes - All Good Things Must Come To An End! 
Well...a positive: The Gone Fishing Pic might be interesting  #wtf_Cleveland?
Stupid Magic  Not a good sports night for the Buckeye State. Ok I'm going to bed and reading a little. Sweet Dreams everyone!
Installed Bloomberg app on #WindowsMobile. Does not look like the app has been updated for a while &amp; needs a subscription 
Bumming...Pens lost.  Next game...
Cavs Lost!  Going To Watch Mall Cop Soon.
Just got called for Jury Duty AGAIN. This makes 8 times since I turned 18. And it's on Warped Tour 
Watching the wedding singer.... and watching my favorite part of the movie.. when Robbie sings I Wanna Grow Old With You.. 
They Changed the Box for the 50 Piece Nuggets at Mc Donalds. No More Bucket 
Time for Pushing Daisies! So sad it's gone 
@CuttaC Lol Stop Rubbin It In! Just Mean  Lol Imma Have To Call You By Your Real Name!
Just finished watching Brides Wars. So funny. Good nite. So hot man wat happen to my ac 
@jbmorgan Colbie is set on assassinating Honey and Buns before the summer ends.Poor guys.Now I make them sit in the dark closet all day 
Upset that the Pens lost  Tomorrow Win? We won't let Hossa get the Satisfaction will we!?
@KChenoweth Just a shout out: I love Olive, I really miss Pushing Daisy  I'm very happy to hear U will be on Glee.  Go Olive, Go Kristen
Why!! LeBron why would you let D-How Score 20 on you?  Anyway.. Lakers Vs Magic Woohoo,  Bummer..
decided not to watch Saw 2. So unbareable with out Detective Hoffman  oh well. Wrote some more.
So was going to Rocky Horror Picture Show. It sold out. Then went to the Green Iguana, it was lame, couldnt get money back. EPIC FAIL 
@ddlovato P.S. Why was Bride Wars embarrassing? I love that movie! And I love Kate Hudson! 
aw, I wanna go and watch Drag Me To Hell  but I'll be at school on June 3. I think I'll go see it some other time. Maybe this weekend!
@thomasfiss I Wish It Was Raining Here...Boo 
@Malice757 Damn You've Abandoned Your Tweeples!!! No More WeatherMan Jokes  lol
Blink 182- favorite band. Taking back Sunday, weezer-awesome bands. Irvine. Couldn't have been a more perfect concert for me. Sold out. 
Mad that the Magic won But hope they can beat L.A........................And working like always 
I Am Not Happy That The BBC.CO.UK/Radio1 Listen Online Is Not Working   *Brain Has Picked Out His Next Car 2010 Golf 5Dr HighLine S ...
What's Going On With The Settings On Here? I Can't Change My Default Pic...  
Hanging out with @closTHS &amp; Spiffy Irvin! Playing DDR but me &amp; clos wanna watch Bring It On  hahahha. &lt;33
Watching The Wedding Singer. Making me miss my boyfriend real bad 
is bummed that the final &quot;Remember...Dreams Come True&quot; fireworks show at Disney was cancelled tonight due to winds.  
SCARED SHITLESS BY SWINE FLU  It's Gonna Be A Long 4 Months Until That Vaccine Arrives....
Feeling kinda restless, with a bit of depression &amp; tiredness.  Hangover? From just a mug of beer last evening? :-o
Confessions Of A Shopaholic Was Great! Marley &amp; Me Was Great Too!  Origins Today ;) + I'm Sick  And @bhish_88 GOOD FOR YOU :
Emotional Last Night @ Work...Not Good At Goodbyes...Never Gets Any Easier 
Hey @ashleegoodman ru gonna post the new jonas episode? like no one has it   (Your Source To JONAS' Live Chat live &gt; http://ustre.am/3dpp)
@ashleegoodman it was a good thought but its not happening  temptation. lol  (Your Source To JONAS' Live Chat live &gt; http://ustre.am/3dpp)
Scared as heck!!! Playing FEAR 2 on PS3... That little girl keeps on popping up ! 
@MariahCarey was thinking MC u need to do some more tracks like Do You Think Of Me/Pure Imagination/Lullaby 4 this album I miss them! 
Fuckkiiin anna bananas from now on. Goodbye The Spot. 
http://bit.ly/i7Fou Upcoming Palm Pre release from Sprint. Yet another device linked to the 2 year contract. BAH! What a blow 
i wanna see Drag Me To Hell but I just broke up wit my GF so it looks like it's me &amp; my Stace Mace. No one to hold 
Ahhhhh Just Hit 29000 Miles On My Poor Man's G-35!!!    5000 miles to go till warantee is Over!!! 
Everyones Lights Are Still Off... Sum Dumbass Hit A Pole That Connects To Most Of The Poles In West Marshall 
@DJMOE713 Noo..! I Was Supposed To Fly Straight To VA From NY But There Were Complications!  Soo I Came To Houston! Until Next Week.. ;) !
I'm Guna KILL HIm! He Shot My Bunny  ... Has Any1 Got A Nuclear Bom I Cud Borrow???? lol ly xx
Bloody back issues! First lower back pain for over a year. Now pain between my shoulder blades. Feel like an old man 
Hayfever S.O.S.! Forget about Xyzall, Zyrtec, Aerius or Allerfre. Who's got stuff that WORKS for me? I'm dying out here (esp. my eyes)... 
@yiiee  Mass Fucking Mayhem! The acrobatics they showed, lets just say I can never do  I also had friends dancing backup with Sabrina!
IDontFeelWell  &amp;Im Going To Flippin Pizza Express For Some Pizza That I Dont Want
Got digital tv working on my computer but not the big tv  Watched Dr Who.  Now Bones before #Castle starts
Back in Edinburgh, had great fun at Cox and Ginge's birthday  Had to leave before everybody woke up though  MOVING TODAY AAAAHH
Feels  a little   1st yr of uni has flown by... Heres to next year, a whole new experience &amp; even more fun! Flat mates, u rock!
damn you iTunes... i give you a chance to be my jukebox and now you refuse to play one of my favorite Say Anything tracks? just fuck off. 
i am VERY sad that i missed a show at epicenter tonight. You Me And Everyone We Know, Played...i have been waiting to see them. sad times 
wondering where iPod cable has vanished to...Wanted to add music but stymied. Bother. It has a safe place, &amp; is ALWAYS there except 2day 
I'm Up Now... I Need To Be Goin To Church, Haven't Been Since Mother's Day!!   I Need To Get On It
Shari went to Fashion Week! Could have been there too  http://plurk.com/p/xe9vg
Ill Make Those Skins L8r My Photoshop Keeps Crashing 
Online Survey's Pay Apparently Just Got To Find Out Which Ones Arn't Scams  Hmmmm....
I was chuffed that Diversity won BGT last night, but my Dad was gutted about Stavros Flatley.  The little one reminded me of Chunk.
Woken at 8 * Played 5,5h Harvest Moon xD * Yesterday night was nice ^^ * Sorry 4 you, Lisa  * Later Brauhaus again
@mickiep21 Its absolutely gorgeous! Apart from when the spiders come out to play  did you have a good birthday ? Hugs. Xxxx
He's 7 Months Old And Ive Missed Him Sooooo Much!!! Its Gonna B Ah Long Way Back  Here's What Im Looking Forward To....
Dear Mother Nature: Last night?  That remark about freezing?  Was not a dare.  WTF with the SNOW?  Hugs, r. 
@Crossbow1 That's the one!! Bloody hell that took me a week and I still only got half. Gave up in the end. 
@StephenMulhern Loved Watching Britains Got More Talent Every Night . . .  Im Gonna Miss It  x
I Changed My Mission From 10 People To 5 Cuz Its So Hard. Even 5 People Dont Respond To Me Anymore  @silkyninja
Didnt go to the TetraPak Milk event at High Street Due to rains.  huhu. Sorry friend!
Grrr they don't have the awesome last track either  : &quot;Finally, as That Blazing Sun Shone Down Upon Us, Did We Know That True Enemy Was...
I have Shoulder Issues, And Babies Crying 
Want to watch Kiki's Delivery Service!!  Damn revision. Like I care about the quantifying benefits of location management schemes.
In The Garden Tanning, ListeningTo Music And Having A Barbeque Before I Go Back To Bordem Of Being In School  :'( (n)
Today Is Intro Day. I will Be Uploading SOOO Much  UGh. I hate Rendering
@a_leach Well I've Never Really Gone To Dover. I've Been There Like Twice. I Usually Go To The Poconos Racee. But, Not This Year 
 One little boy with ants in his pants and his shirt and his hair - Angry Ants - Lots
Hmmmmmm smoothie!!! Off to work!! Can't wait for tonight! Gahhhhh!!!!!! New Moon trailer! Yaaaaay! Finally. About 6 months til the movie 
People Are Not Always Who They Say They Are or Claim To Be...I Found That Out The Hard Way..As I Always Do....&quot;How Stupid Can I Be&quot;?  
@gfalcone601 Ooooo Lovely (: Are You Enjoying The Sun?? Ive Been Working  xx
Dark chocolate mocha freddo is AMAZING. From Peet's Coffee. It probably has 30 grams of fat though 
Is Sad That Matthew Is Moving To New York!!! 
Just Got Kicked From @Croppley 's BlogTV  She Said Hello To My Grandad Though
Stuying French, Exam Tomorrow  Missing Him &amp; It's Only Been 23hr's, 22hr's More To Go :O 
Good Morning Everyone!! Has Lots To Do Today!! And  Is Alittle Frustrated Right Now 
Awake again- 6:30am - why?? Ek I guess I will yet again try and fall back asleep. Before I have to clean all day! 
Lost one follower!  Oh well!! Did you ppl hear about the Smosh Food Battle 2009 on Youtube? Well there is a poll. Vote for Burrito!!! Yay!
Watchin Cam'ron-I Get It In Ohio video.... My son says &quot;that looks like my daddy&quot; SMDH 
@LinuxLLC You mean Fresh Installation? I will then have to take backup of so much Data. 
My gym just canceled the spin class for good. Which really sucks!  #Fail
@radiou Hey, Klay, what's up? Can you play The Rocket Summer-So Much Love for me? I always request TRS but no one ever plays it for me 
@Taivins Oh no! Don't leave me!!!  Well I will see you soon. Best of luck at Chapel Hill! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Disappointed That Tha Cavs Lost Having A Bad Day 
@MakingOurEscape i dunnoo, i think Fix You is indoors i can hear a slight echo.. i recon Glass of Water  *siiiiigh*   i could cry
Grr Why Wont My Tan Come Off ? :@ Blotches Everywhere  School Tomorrow Aswell :| Oh God ..
I Am Sick To DEATH Of Revising...Arghhhh...Its Soooooo Gorgeousss Outside Today As Well....But I NEED To Get This Done 
Dead Space was AWESOME...finished the game for the 1st time. Didn't find the Pengu Treasure, though 
@treypearson YAY! And as i've said before, Under Your Thumb is amazing  Ohh and you cant message someone unless there following you 
Im Sad Lauren (bffffff) Will Be Leaving Me  We Have Been Together This Whole Weekend An Now Shes Leaving Me.
This Summer Is Really Gonna Suck!  But My Grandma Will Be Here Tuesday For My Graduation...But Sadly I Cant Go Back WIth Her! 
Is Doing Absolutely Nothing And Is Bored Out Of Her Mind!! 
Hello Wisdom Tooth On The Upper Left Corner, pls stop pushing? Flights back home aren't cheap. 
Has to Some How Get Through The Next Few Weeks  Espicially This 1!
#ThingsIHate - When I Been Waiting To Watch Something For 2 Weeks, But I Miss The Show .. Happened Las Night .. 
Stupiddddddddd English Courseworkk And No Britains Got Talent. What am i going to do?!?! 
@MsJuicy313 Ooooo oooo oooh!!! Pick me! Pick me! Since everyone has flaked on passport readiness  And I NEED a va-cay
Friday Went To Oxford With A Few Mates, After Slept at Mates House Didnt Get To Sleep Untill 4am Then  I Only Had 1 Hour Of Sleep! Geez  
Watching the Beatnation Summit. What the hell is Yamaoka doing to that poor Turn table  #beatmania
Tired!! And Am NOt Looking Forward To Exams!!! 
Arrr School 2morow  ,, Up At 6 In The Morning Again :@... Buy An iREP LDN Tshirt @ www.uniquegeeks.bigcartel.com
&quot;Get away from Staten Island. The guys are awful looking. I don't want you to have a baby with a guido beard.&quot; Hahahahaha 
Listening To Busted..Because I'm Living In The Past 
Ouvindo &quot;I Hate This Part&quot; das Pussycat Dolls pra embalar meu momento pure sadness 
Got really excited that there was finally an update for Chat Transcript Manager by Unsanity. It appears to still not be leopard ready 
@FortyDeuceTwits Baby E or Rafa? or Both..Yikes. See you in 2 weeks for Wimby 
@Kera_Peach Well, from what she says you were flirting with him. And she's good. I know. Take last night, for instance. I got her to cry. 
Just woke up. I'm bored and theres nothing to do. Swap meet was canceled due to the rain.  Next weekend I guess.
Out of Double A. Doing OK in Double B. Why would someone call an all in with 32? I wonder why I bother at times 
8 Days 'til 5th Year Starts. Just Over 11 Years Down, 2 More To Go. Until College.Or A Job. Still Haven't Decided What To Do With My Life 
@Plowey watching the Iowa summary. Saw your stop, what as the issue? Watched Pippa going 5th to 8th in under a second. Plenty in the wall 
@Brad_Isaac Our portal is  built on top of Oracle Application Server. (Bad Choice ) We now can see whats wrong. Need a little more work  
@KristyAFlores Whats Up With You? I'm Doing Horrible Family Problems 
Im watching Pinkpop. The Killers. Wish i was there 
Getting Yelled At For Getting Home At 10:30, Jst Cuz I Have Skul 2mrow!  Not Fair!  
: Couldn't Find &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;  &quot;Talk To Me&quot; Will Have To Do. This Nigga Petey Green Was A Fool Back In The Day.
hmmm? Wat To Do For The Night&gt; i Was So Excited About Watching The Mtv Movie Awards To Night But There Not On Till To Morrow  x
Had an amazing time at the Summer Ball last night...and loved the Sugababes!!! Another year done  xXx
I'm so excited for Toy Story 3! Even though it comes out next year http://bit.ly/HeSiR
Im Super Sick And The Only Thing That Will Make Me Feel Better Is My Hello Kitty Necklace But Its Sold Out 
Going To Take A Nap Ned Someone To Snuggle With  @ Edinburg Way &amp; Glencoe Way http://loopt.us/pY0nwQ.t
Going To Take A Nap Need Someone To Snuggle With  @ Edinburg Way &amp; Glencoe Way http://loopt.us/G1b6fw.t
@bmacthequeen Send Me The Link To That Jerk Song You Made...I Accidentally Deleted Out My Computer ,  !
Going out with my parents and I just got my camera back from my brother and he deleted my The World We Live In video entry.  Grrr.
24* Out Tomorrow  Junior Only 3 days away, Got's to study Bigtime 
@allyheman I WANT MORE VIDEOS! Really, I miss you 
@pandorapinebox already did. Twice now. Life is driving me to drink. Nothing is working out for me today. I miss the boy. Sob! 
@hypersensitive Awww.  Hey, we should go see Up soon (I got paid yesterday. Had some ice cream from Marble Slab. Soooo good.).
Was watching Taylor Swift on NBC but my little brother wants to switch it back to Fairly Odd Parents   .....Oh well...
@kimtv too bad for the camera  My friend took some good pics and vid footage. Will post it soon. Tonight South Rakkas Crew at Blue Dog.
Fantastic weather!  Shop sold out of paddling pools though   Anyway great day in the sunshine )  Long may it last.
@kavin_b Don't play innocent. 33 Variations! Rock of Ages! Next to Normal! Grrr.  
@BRRiverCenter Hey!  What do we have to do to get the American Idol concert here in B.R.?  Next closest venue is Memphis or Dallas!  
Fallen Angel Doll: Then i guess you will never eat lasagna. 
The MTV MOVIE AWARDS! im Going Crezy i Cant Watch Them Till To Morrow!  At 9.pm!   Repites   x
Dude? This is ODD? No Basketball? My 40 Days and 40 Nights are gone? FOX Prime is all reruns? Baseball? ESPN? You are my only friend... 
@MsPittsEsq Exactly and now I'm depressed all of this relationship talk is driving me to ice cream  Livin the single life...
Setlist done4The Pan I Am support2moro (Doors7pm,Academy3,Brum!): Nothing/Human Cond/End Game/Last Day/Everlasting/Panic. No time4Honey 
@TankaBar_Linda no Tanka Bars at the Boise Coop  The girl I talked to said &quot;I am not sure WHAT happened to those&quot;. Darn it!
Wish i'd gone to the Lion Brand Yarn booth at Make Faire! They were giving away bags of free yarn! Bummed. 
@J0SMILES Wedding??? What wedding u talkin bout? U work today? I was there n didn't c u 
I have sunburn on my knees  Next time I need to remember to put sunblock on them
@akomuzikera Nope, didn't air yesterday, there was some Storm Warnings Special by the CBS Affiliate 
@AnoopDoggDesai Hello Anoop! Are you watching MTV Movie Award ? My daughter is trying but my cable is going crazy---the sound is broken. 
New Moon Trailer! im Goa Have to Waite Til 9pm To Morrow To See There's Awards!  hoply it will be worth the  waite @Mileycyrus To Win! x
Had to put my kitty Sketchy down today  Watching the MTV Move Awards &amp; just finished watching The Hills.
Yes, The Answer Was Cracker Barrel! Thank You All For Playing, Sorry, No Prizes   I Scored Two On The Peg Game Today...http://bit.ly/V5NgC
I Have A Craving For Pasta... Chicken Alfredo.. Wish I Could Watch The Mtv Awards With Pasta And The Wifey.. NOT 
Hate This Feelin So Much I Leavin Behind.. 
Tiredd &amp;&amp; Cranky  At Least The Race Was Productive.
@PetitBeaute Haven't Seen It Yet! Didn't Even Remember About It, Been Whickty Whack The Past Few Years 
@TheMiddayMiss noooooo, not &quot;Waiting To Exhale&quot;   Just turn on Lifetime...it'll do less damage
@brriittnnyy lol I Know. I'll DEF DEF Be At #impactyouth This Wednesday, Although It Will Be My Last Week For The Summer. 
@BlessedBy3Kids Let me guess.......The &quot;Dead Things&quot; are winning. 
Just flew in to LAX. Sad to leave Hawaii but glad to be back home. Am missing @ZacharyQuinto and Chris Pine on MTV Movie Awards  Repeat!
Yay Topped Up,, Got The Fire Going And My Family Is Home.. But Im Still Bored 
Came Back From A Party!.... Guess What!!! I Saw My Dad! I Missed Him CHOKE Times! The  thing is that i neva even talk to him. SCREW THAT!
@I_Steal_Cookies If I only knew how to play videogames.  I suck at that stuff. But wait, don't you have to work tomorrow?
Hav My Piano Exam In An Hour! Im Gonna Cry Coz Im Gonna Fail! Dnt No Any Scales!  Grade 4  Shit
OMG Season 6 Of The HILLS looks Insane!! Kristin You Bringing Drama &amp; Watching Lauren For The Last Time Almost Made Me Shed Tears! 
Ugh. Found 18/20 Library Books. Where The Efff Are The Other Two?! Cant Get Prom Ticket Until I Return Em 
Naughty #Bing - Seems to be in Europe is the Video function not active.  http://tinyurl.com/ltjf9f
Back At School. Damn. Want It To Be Half Term!!! 
Pff debugging, debugging... TIme goes fast when debugging 
Can not do helloworld with METRO on Glassfish tools bundle for eclipse. Same code OK with netbeans  Time wasted .... Shit !!
Yoyyy I Gotta Go Back To The Dentist In 2 Dayz 
Burnt bodies here at Stuff HQ - Also gave away the winner of a bike race to the MD by accident! - Had to make tea to make up for it 
I Do Not Feel Good, I Just Ate Titos.. I Wannaaa Throww Up 
IRL Im Sure My Family Hate Me. I Feel Soo Lonely Right Now 
Right! I reckon it's gotta be an Amazon or Play purchase for MP3 tracks of @KissySellOut - This Kiss.. Gutted no one's selling a/the CD 
Ouch. Daylight. Awakeness. Who took my bed away? I don't understand 
In College,.! Finish At One Buh Got Stay Til Like Four To Behind On This Shit,.  May Jus Leave At One,,. Theres Always Nex Week,. : |
@Bizzle_HD Shopping there was great. Didn't get to do any normal &quot;tourist&quot; stuff: Sea World, The SD Zoo 
@Crichton_Kicks Saying that I just checked and 3 of them are back 
Should Really Start Paying Attention In Classes Especially When Exams Are Looming 
Corrected link  4 New blog post: How To Import Your Blog Posts Into Facebook http://is.gd/LnlS Sorry everyone!  I edited time date! 
@treaclelove Yes. I Agree Ate. And Currently I Have Insomia.  Specially We Go To Bed 9:0o But I Sleep 11 (
Jus Bak 4m D Piano Exam..! Wat A Relief Its Over! I Tink I Did Rely Baad!  x
Woooooo Media Exam Is Over!! Hopefully All That Damn Revision Will Pay Off.. ..Now I Gotta Revise For History Exam Number 1..Its Tomorrow 
@mastershortie Yo MS, Where You Gettin' Yeezys From Dude ? Can't Get 'Em Nowhere In The UK 
North Korea Seen Moving Missile To Launchpad... NOOO THE FOOD  http://viigo.im/Ktd
99% of 18-24 Year Olds On Social Media, But Only 22% Use Twitter -  http://bit.ly/JCTuQ, my friends don't really get it 
&quot;Remember, this is INES, so please don't confuse me with one of your toyboys and send a dirty message in reply&quot; @ines9 - i miss that girl 
Never made it to Taste of Pinellas....    Did see the movie &quot;Curious case of Benjamin Button&quot;  I was really good!
41 years without a dental cavity &amp; voila, today I discover one.   Another first. Sign of getting older?
My Boo 4Got About The MTV Awards And She is Screaaaaming Really Loud Just FYI  Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck ...
Summer school. WTF? The point of summer is NO SCHOOL and they send me to summer school? Ughh!! See y'all at 1:00. 
Been Getting Some Unnaturally Warm Weather Here Lately (For Here, Not Many Other Places). Begining To Miss The Rain... 
@childrensjewell Free flights are good! Remember Pound/Euro exch is naff at the mo too  Might still be good I suppose!
-- Kill me.I want to die. Put a bullet in my heeeeaaaad.  Ten points if you can name the movie...  .... i miss my cell. 
OH-EM-GEE, I just read that My Name Is Earl has been cancelled. I friggin' love that show. Double plus ungood! 
Super Sad Note: Plane crashes into Atlantic.. Over 200 people aboard.. Dirt 
Ahhhh! Just watched the New Moon Trailor!!! It was AESOME!!!! but sad  and they changed the release date to November 20, 2009?...
@vineshnair I watched it to get ready for some Lion King Musical here. Playing Banzai. Not much lines due to time constraint though. 
Nott Too Happy I Got Dressed All Nice For Me To Eat a Whole Tub Of IceCream... Then Falll Asleep On The Sofa By Accident. Jst Made Toast. 
Argh!... Hot and tired at work  Looking forward to lunch! 
@MGiraudOfficial you should sing Let's Get It On &amp; Human Nature  sadly I don't get to watch you on tour 
Couldn't Sleep So I Decided to Skip Today's Sleep ~ 
Good Afternoon! 80 degrees celsius outside. Never thought I'd see it in Scotland. The warmest day recorded :O I'm dying 
Sleep?  Who needs sleep?  Apparently not me.  Everyone up at 5:30 this morning.  Grrr!  Of course I am supposed to work tonight 
Bored at work. First break... Ready to be home already.  And hungry... Mmmm sandwiches...
&amp;&amp; when i see you the butterflies returnn..&lt;3     Midland Rockedd!!  Cant Wait For My Party This Summer ! [ GROUNDED  ]
Listening to Rumor Girls uncut.  Whatever happened to that podcast?  I miss it!  
Missing Her. Woke Up Without Her. 
@mileycyrus OMG Theres Nomore Hannah Montana After Season 3?! If Not OMG Thats So Sad, I Love Your Show, It Always Makes Me Laugh 
Finished with the (very) first season of Doctor Who.  Wish that so many episodes weren't missing from the early Who 
&quot;Each day's a gift and not a given right&quot; from the song &quot;Today was Your Last Day&quot;..pretty good insight!       Driving home from my vacay 
Made It To Work... In Wicked Pain Though.  
Quick! Hurry! Sm1 plz snd sum positive vibes this way. @Abimbola80 ? @JonellG ? Any1 out thr? 
@MarcPerel You know what Issue it was? I've got Issue 157 and you not on page 27 
Wee! Home! It's so hot  Xx My internet is going off soon  While Mum moves in and Dad moves out  Bad times. Try not to miss me!
&quot;On Duty Cop Critical From Drive By Shooting - PoliceLink&quot;  http://bit.ly/L2W3Y ... The law enforcement community is hurting right now.. 
Waiting Rooms Are So Boring Especially When Your Consultant Is Late 
Sending Up A Prayer For Everyone Aboard France Flight 447 and All Their Families &amp; Friends.. 
Back At Work!! Had To Open Today!! 
@Rogue_Leader It is technically morning.. Bit after 1am.. Lol. I know, I missed out  time for sleep now hopefully 
@jenscloset Oh yes, definitely.  Find any good stuff while you were out?  Our Thrift Stores don't seem to ever have anything I want  
@jjgames_com Haha! The PSP Go! looks pretty good, but it's sad to see that it doesn't have 2 thumb sticks. 
Chillin' Good Day So Far  Just About To Do Homeowrk  Love You xx
hope his luck turn for the better after June 3rd. Earphone spoil, motherboard spoil, Reader lost. Really unlucky 
ok folks, this is my last tweet from my downtown apartment  Next stop, the 'burbs
DAMN IT...Special Report! Sorry but I rather watch 'The Price is Right' than hear about GM's bankruptcy. I wanted to see the pretties 
.... Just What I Needed, The Water Pump Fucked Up. Holla @ Yall Later I'll Be Outside Fixing My Truck. 
@HUGONATOR Lol. It Sure Does. What A Sucky Day Offf. Boooo. I'll Be Outside Fixing It. No More Sugars 
WOOHOO Serving beer now lol. What a Job lol. Funeral Today. RIP Lyndsi.   Not lookin forward to it at all
Oh Great Got Send To The Wrong Store!!!! 
My Heart Goes Out To Everyone Who Was Involved In The Air France Plane Crash Today, And All Their Family And Friends.xX  :/
@DanaEpp Ah, found Bing Preferences under More in the top right. Changing location to Seattle, WA doesn't do anything though   Same thing.
Urghh I Hate Homework! Head-Ache Now... I Give Up........ GCSE Maths Exam In 22 Days 
Went to the Paramore / No Doubt concert last night. Awesome! Why aren't I Tony Canal? 
Link: Lullabies May Do More than Put Preemies to Sleep - The headline sounded more sinister than it was.  http://tumblr.com/xau1x95fx
Gah. Just realized that I totally forgot to get my picture taken with Bumblebee, or Prime, or the New and Improved Robot Fist. 
WDW West Side Pucks no longer serves Rosmary Chic or Pot roast. Just pizza &amp; salads. All carbs. Another fav lunch place gone 
Forgot to deactivate my Fw CS4 to add my serial. Today it wouldn't launch since it expired. Winding the clock back was the only solution. 
I friggin Woke up Late  Missed Finals for 1st Period. Watching E3 2009. Where is Anthony I hope he didn't do anything stupid Worried 
Finaly Home From School, It Was Soo Hot In School, Glad Im Home Now But Still Another 7Weeks Till Summer  x
@Nattykate Way to go on the position at the Olympics. Thats gonna be a blast. And happy birthday too btw, sorry I missed the party. Sick 
Watching Maury In The House Chillin... Getting Ready For Work 
Vote for Simple Minds on SWR3.de daily!!They're only on place 17 this week  http://bit.ly/GaPGM
Wants a Like it size Founders Favorite from Coldstone... 
Finaly Home From School, It Was Soo Hot In School, Glad Im Home Now But Still Another 7Weeks Till Summer  x
@JudyObscure I would do but the geek and the Live In Cat Nanny refuse to attend, saying I am too sad for words 
My Moms Buying McDonalds...Wooo...I Eat Too Much Fast Food 
@AnhHoang  Where? Here? *Hugs*
@ZoeEbadi  Next time... I'll message you my number bb
It's too bloody hot to do much of anything. Gruh, I hate this weather. Give me Winter any day. 
Damn you, Sony! First, Final Fantasy, now Metal Gear... I can't express how deep you hurting your fans by letting such things to happen 
@greggrunberg See, now I'm very sad. Us UK folk have to wait until July 20th for your CD!! It seems so far away... 
My Kenzie Cole Just Feel Down The Stairs...  Wayyy Too Much Blood....
I can't find the song Journey To The Center Of The Eart by Von Iva and Zooey Deschanel  not even on youtube or itunes or amazon...
@LolzyluvsJB Havent Tlked 2 You In A Few Days!  Lol Hows U? Town Was Gas Friday! xOxOxOx
Sat At Home So Bored... Revision For Exams Is The Worst!  Listening To Music So It All Good! 
I forgot how much I like Doris Henson's cd, Give Me All Your Money...shame they didn't last 
No f'n way! Pay it forward is on! Definitely not studying now! lol. But sadly, i always cry at the end  haley joel osment was so cute!
OMG.....No Holidays This Year  I Going To Go Nuts!!!!
Wow I Love The Sun (: Watta day Today was Water fight With All My Friends.. School Tommorow 
@JordanKlicious  OK !!!! I was the one, that sent him the Pic from the German Girls ! Same here. Only concert in europe !! 
Awww I Hope The Surgery Goes Well  How Are The Hoosiers Btw? xx
Feels Like Crap Right Now!  Summer Colds Are The Worse!
There (was) a McLearen in Sonoma County? Really? Sad that I'll never get to see it   http://tr.im/n5pN
I'm not watching that show called News EVER again! As Byron said &quot;Knowledge is sorrow.&quot; Don't mind me! Major literature exam 2morrow 
@DisinGirl Mums are special though. Saying that, my mum has sussed sky+ and i'm clueless. 
Ate Too Much !!  No More Maths Ever! Lets Party!!
Sorry MVP crew. Was runniing late &amp; had to cover EA press con. No In N' Out for us 
Computer Hard Drive Crashed. No TweetDeck   This is NOT GOOD!!!!!!
Finally got my hands on limited Fate to Fatal -Breeders EP. Just have to wait for it in the mail 
Bout To Get My Lil Sisters &amp; Brother From My Old Neighborhood Park  Birthday Sex - Jeremih ; Love Him &amp; He`s Always ^^
Havent twitterd in a day  Seeing the movie up!
Sorry Our Picture Isn't Working   We're Working On it
Not Looking Foward To Tomorrow, Finals All Day. 
Not doing much. Took a test for geometry course. Read Pretty Little Liars, wants the rest of them! Read My sister's keeper... so sad! omg 
Owl City  The Cab  The Inevitable  There for Tomorrow  Anberlin  I'm drinking coffee and I'm in love with a girl and I miss jon 
Head's spinning. Played a bit too much #QuakeLive. No inspiration for anything else today.  Won my first Free 4 All though. Silver lining.
@cjoh Sweet merciful Zeus, yes! Early Saturns ROCKED! Current models are lame and normal crap. No character, all icky, out-of-touch bleh. 
I dont wear tee's  jason_mraz New Jason Mraz Summer T-Shirts Now Available On Pre-Order! http://iLike.com/t/6tn6
I dont wear tee's  @jason_mraz New Jason Mraz Summer T-Shirts Now Available On Pre-Order! http://iLike.com/t/6tn6
Grr. Hearing how great Pixar's Up is, but it doesn't open in UK until September. What happened to worldwide simultaneous releases dammit? 
@taylorswift13 I can't watch it!!! Copy written!  Oh well I saw it last night on MTV. It was hilarious! Great job Taylor!
Don't toy with my emotions, ABC Family!!!  It's not a new season of Gilmore Girls, just a season you haven't shown before 
@AntBenitez it's the first week in Jan. Right? Vegas is alive &amp; popping @ that time? Shit, sign me up. But I'm flying Jet blue. I'm cheap 
@Vincent_Cooper omg you live in Fukuoka! It's my favorite city ever. Ten Karat closed in 2000  I had to comeback to LA. What's Candy Hole
@Sazchik Same here! Loads of friends couldn't get tickets  they were too late!
@Shontelle_Layne Thank Uu; Thats Gonna Help Mee In My Exams All This Week &amp; Next 
Watching 106 And Park!!...Madd Cuz i Gotta Leave In A LIL On My Florida Promo Run!!! lol SMH 
@bforks You made me want to go put Don't Eat the Pictures, Cookie Monster on MY netflix queue, but they don't have it.   
Sadly, I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here has survived the preliminary cuts for my summer watch-list. Oh how I miss the Nuggets... 
@watumatt I hope you can find comfort in the cinematic masterpiece of All Trailers Go to Heaven. 
Life is a trip... Just when you think it can't get no worse! Talk about being kicked when ur down!  I'll b aiight!
Avril Lavigne - Slipped Away ; Rest In Paradise Great Grandpa. I miss you terribly. 
I Need Cheering up, Can Anyone call Donnie Walhberg and ask him to Call me and make me feel better, &lt;3 
Ugh hoping I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here will be on Hulu bc I have spanish live chat 
Okay. Soooooo.... UK general election October? want to be home for that. Scary goal. Need scary goals. Need job 
@fountain1987 Can't Believe You Left Hollyoaks... You Was The Best Thing In It  Lol xx
ok i need help!!!! i'm trying to get a Pretty Green &quot;profile&quot; but it won't take MY password or the one it gave me!!  please somebody help!
sooo tired... and another early morning tomorrow   Next holiday.. no early mornings!
Bummed to hear (from @lifeandscience) that a dino on the old Dinosaur Trail was damaged by vandalism: http://bit.ly/KVCKv  Never saw that 
Alright Espana here i come. Seven hour flight! Missing you already 
@chonkeyhong No hula this time.  Next time, though.
Free Lightweight Shirts Dad will love em! M L XL XXL Not Many left dudes!  http://twitpic.com/photos/shirtsgonewild I have like 17 left 
Skated hard tonight...till i fell on my face   Now some Corner Gas and sleeps
OMJ That Air France Thing Is Really Sad 
Sorry didn't post last night  And Now,Stuck With MapleStory!!!Zzz...Very laggy,though.
@herbadmother Your blog keeps breaking my IE.  So sad! I want to read you! I can has Bad Mother?
Is anyone else as curious as I am about 'I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here'??  Or am I just rebounding from LC leaving The Hills 
This stir fry was disapointing. Talk about too much soy sauce!  Atleast @Chelsealately is still on.
was stupidly playing with tape measure. Cut myself. Injury deep. Fear ghastly infection. Oh no. I may die. Farewell beautiful world. 
I would but i have school tomorrow  but thanks for the invite! Next time im down!
Delayed flight out of SF lead to us missing our connection in Chicago. Now we're at the Hampton Inn outside of Midway. Fly out tomorrow. 
@PerezHilton Why cant i access the OBAMA link did &quot;they&quot; shut it down Perez?  First time ever i can't access your stuff. It said Forbidden
@TMobile_USA Just got Cupcake, what's up with the UI?! The music player is good, but the main menu pull-up.. Carbon Fibre? Really? 
Hangin out with mama, matt and my brother. Possibly going 2 eat n puke in a little? Also im really upset that i got burnt again today 
Arrgh! My soon-to-be tenat just bailed on their movein that was supposed to happen Wed. The horror! Worse... b/c they're divorcing. 
Ahahah this week I'm gonna be looking out my window singing &quot;Somewhere Out There&quot; like Fifel the mouse. 
First episode of The Tonight Show With Conando = Legendary! Will watch second half tomorrow.... gym right now 
Just watched Marley and me. Saddest. Movie. Ever. Now that I'm depressed I'm going to bed. 
Born in Seattle + Working out indoors on hot day = heat exhaustion.  HOORAY! ...So much for first rehearsal back 
@AdamGoldston Party? Where?! Wait, damn I can't come I live in another state 
Pearl Jam was so good before. Why does this sound like crap  #conan
I lost my Wallet..  No more License. My Coraline and Up movie tickets were there  Today was good and bad..   .__.
Back in NY  Remember I burned the roof of my mouth. Well there is a piece of skin up there and I would like to get rid of it. Any ideas?
Watchin' Pearl Jam rockin' out on the Late Show. Just wished they'd play an older song, I could rock out to. 
(watching some tv show with a scene in a carnival..) Come To Think Of It, Carnivals Are Creepy! Especially The House Of Mirrors At Night! 
On the Express listening 2 I Am...reminiscing...and me and U belong...I wanna run, smash n2 U!   Manhattan and then Bk bound. Finally.
@sterlinggates It's &quot;I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here&quot; on NBC! It's almost over. 
Enjoyed the Tonight show.  Getting some sleep so I can take my son to the airport in the morning to go back to Boston. 
@kasperapd @Videos4BB What's with these 504 Gateway Time-Outs on the @CrackBerry Forum 
Another long day. Some days nothing goes right. Today was one of those days. Listening to Miley's &quot;Goodbye&quot; song.  It is so true.
@Jen_bomb  My Music List, In The Room and Nooo I Dont Wanna 
Hmmmm, the rainy season, or Plum Rains as they call it, is late in coming to Taiwan, its nice that its sunny out, but the poor farmers 
@Mar_luvs_NKOTB Where is donnie and jordan? They haven't been round much!!!  we r spoiled I tink!
End Of An Era GM Finally Files For Bankruptcy... Will Miss The Big Cars http://bit.ly/vcAYQ 
This Movie is so Sad but really Good. It's: Hotel for Dogs! It's really a Sad Movie  It makes me Cry! I'm so Emotional. I love Bradley!
Done With Win A Date With Tad Hamilton. What Next? Can't Find A Good Version Of I Love You Man  N
Flaky friends...scratch the Shaved Ice.  Unless I go alone. Might as well stay home and save money. *sigh*  I miss my music. :'(
Urghhhhh College. Not Gonna Be A Good Day I Can Feel It. Bad Times 
Details on SS501's Hawaii Trip: Urgh. Third edit. So sorry.  Leaving from Incheon airport:credit to: hoonfami .. http://tinyurl.com/mfge9w
Another Cracking Day N A Stuck In This Shity College  Only Gd News Is Scotrail Actually Got Me Here Today Lol
Late Nite Jonesin At Its BEst.... Too BAd its Prob Onlii For Tonite&gt;&gt;Its Confirmed..Onli For Tonite   Oh Well Get Money....
My First Day Without You .....  
Best Get Up  Off To Class At 11 Grr
Ouuuuchh. I just had to cancel a Moral Orel recording so I could continue to watch this in HD. Sorry MO. Catch you at 4 something 
At 59 Diner. Just got done playing UFC 09 with Farris LOL. Nose hurts like hell 
Two people by the name of Your Horny Kitty just started following me. Wait....what?! Why? 
Details on SS501's Hawaii Trip: Urgh. Third edit. So sorry.  Leaving from Inch... Read More: http://is.gd/M4s8
Toys Story 3 is coming to cinema. Yey! Next year. 
I Want Taking Back Sunday's New Album... Listening To It On YouTube Because I Can't Go Out Today  Damned Junior Cert... xo
@Roadrunner_UK Urgh.  Jealous.  Of all of the above.  Soooo wanted to go to Download. 
@Kriptic I Thought I Had It Bad,,. 10 Assignments For Tha 15th June,. : | Ain' Started 2 Though,. : | This Shit Sucks,. 
@misspella  I am a passenger, colleague driving. Would post some Live previews with Qik but my cruddy i760 phone not up to previews. 
Just now getting to sleep. Going to try to stay up when Nick goes to work at 11. Must fix schedule! Oh, our mega budget is now in effect. 
Damn! I Was Cupcakin Wit My Boo All Night Long! Woohoo lol. I Love that boy. Can't sleep now thou 
HOT NEWS! Doddle empire expands! @MrDoddle &quot;Still, that's not to stop us writing a book on it, maybe with a DVD&quot; Topic: Baby Led Weaning 
@JLSOfficial Im Not Goin Summer Time Ball  &amp; I Live In London Too!! =[ Really Upset About It lol, Anyways Hope You Enjoy It  lol Izzy x
I wonder if Cubicle 7 is still coming out with the Doctor Who RPG. It's not mentioned on their forums anymore. 
Dear AAA Ohio. Why does your Route Your Trip Now link take me to the AAA Michigan homepage??  TripTik Fail!  
AGH. I played like twenty live games on Tap Tap R2. Now, my thumbs are well-exercised. But they hurt. 
Argh. Designing/&amp; Documentation is Killing Me. Why did i want to become an Interior Designer? Please Someone tell me WHYY! 
@TabsSwitz im Sorry Tabs... I was Hella Distracted Being that Close to Hottness!!!!  I'll send Ya a Blank Text *Wink*
A peice of paper just dropped out of the box and into my cereal bowl; I was so excited, but, alas, it was not a Free Boat Ride For 3. 
Urgh! First BSOD in Win 7 RC 
That was tough  Polo's form handed in. Seeing the room again where I held him was emotional. Feel a bit  but Faithless in my ears helps.
@madaboutbooks Lost Rider - Just finished. Loved it and couldn't wait to finish. Ending was a bit rubbish though...   Ben DG
@saabmagalona Yeah . i noticed , How Sad  I Love Your Role There. You Were Partnered With Matt Evans Right Ate?
@saabmagalona Yeah . i noticed , How Sad  I Love Your Role There. You Were Partnered With Matt Evans Right threw up?
@KathEleanorRose Lucky You! I have 2 Exams Tomorrow! Well... 3 cos History is 2 Papers  @SamTheNinja Aww I hope you're ok?
Greetings Twiggas. . .Finally Got A Twitter! Left Peterson, I miss it There so Much. Thinking About T.O.S. &amp;+ My Besties I can't Be With 
Thank you. Finding relief w/ my illness is almost absent. Must have a focus from the pain just to live my life. Sadly.  @reneehendricks
just checked inquirer.net. Absolutely nothing on #conass at their Breaking News page. 
@va_ngo China Blocks Twitter (And Almost Everything Else) http://is.gd/MhDM  ..Tu devras utiliser des VPN ou proxy.. www.hotspotshield.com
Dayum ...Dis Man..put it on me like a G All weekend Long now back to reality..Leaving Ecstasy 
Hey everyone, thanks for watching Loose MEN! If you missed it you'll have to wait until next year!   bloody sussex.  #loosemen
@pluginbabyS Aww... Really?  ok, finish your essay so that in the next two days you'll be Essay Free!
@DonnieWahlberg Here at work....wish I was in Hotlanta with ya  I am ready to cruise again!!
@Anime81 Ew. That sounds lame.  I'm not doing much at the moment. Need to dye my hair but #imlazylikewhoa
Fever Fever Fever.... Why r u attacking me? 
Gloom and Doom in LA  Where is the sunshine? Last interview today Pray for me!
Lunchtime! Where to? Okinawa! Sucks its not the real deal 
I really miss the band Boys Like Girls. Or whatever. 
@AmberTales Awww, My Heart Bleeds for you  Cheer up love, you'll be fine, try to do somthing that relaxes you. And Im fine thanks
@wtcc Lucky For You Mac, I've Still Got 7 Weeks Untill Summer  ! x
Is awake and can't sleep. Currently listening to 774 ABC  Talk back .  but they are playing Brick - Ben's Fold Five such a sad song 
Listening to my fave DMB tune: Live at Radio City version of &quot;Stay or Leave&quot; w/ Tim Reynolds. Makes me miss Dallas and @MissLisaMarieP 
@Ziliphar @Burkazoid So yeah .. God of War looks pretty awesome, did you see that brutal kill at the end! Didn't see Heavy Rain or R&amp;C 
@Georgieboo sorry  they wouldn't let me on dressed as I was... and the ride-on whale wouldn't fit through the door. Next time maybe  x
Sad Today Was The Last Day Of School  Daniel 3rd Period Buddy You Know I'll Miss Sucker-Face Lol
@DJDoeBoyRMH I Dont Like Live Shows 
Just watched The Last House On The Left..As PE said..&quot;Don't Believe The Hype&quot; expected a bit more tbh 
Back from school and errands.  Got resumes printed for class tomorrow.  Picked up dinner for Frank.  Now my cat's dying.  Sad.  
Hey Twit Heads! What's been going on?? ...I been M.I.A. most of the day! 
@MsButterflySC Sorry 2 Hear That  &quot;Punked Out&quot; U Think What Yall Had Was Real? Think He Got Scared Of Da Real Thing? Or Not On Same Page?
Is upset. I bought The Sims 3 today and it won't work. Something about the video card. I don't have $200 to replace it. Wasted my money 
Is Sad Bout The Passing Of My Uncle...But So Far Doing A Good Job Of Not Showing It... 
@BombsawayBob You Out!! Sorry--I begged and pleaded for Johnny Diamond--He sounds like he is outta Johnny Dangerously. ran like it too 
Verdict is in: Rotator cuff - 4 weeks off climbing. Starting physio later this week. Sigh! My climbing trip to Wyoming is now off... sob! 
@SallytheShizzle See You Again, 7 Things, Fly On The Wall, The Climb. and I heard Burnin Up like once. Unfair 
Team &quot;Thats What She Said&quot; in 3rd tonight  No trifecta- so let's go Red Sox &amp; Pens!
@Joshrath Stop Being Mean. 
TV on - Laptop on - 3 pillows check - Water yes - Tired uh huh - Sleeping yet negative - Restless beyond -.... Someone help please 
'Earth 2100': Is this the Final Century of Our Civilization? 
@MeetTheBlanks Sharon and Billy, I am not able to access your blog on Meet The Blog. You may end up having to start another one. Sorry 
Im An Emotional Wreck;; And My Mom Knows How To Make Me Cry And Loves It Too 
Can't get Pink Floyd's &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; out of mi cabeza. 
@IamShhh Busy organising deferring my course as I have to move house ASAP and can't do it all    How are youuu? xx Love the pic, is it u?
@Aapplemint OMG! KATE! When did you get on twitter?? What the? We miss you! Love you! Miss you! Been so busy, not visiting anyone lately 
--Layed Out All Day&amp; Got Really Burnt 
Screw it, I'm going to bed. The heat is getting to me  ...Tomorrow I go at it Military style! (kinda) Pray to give me strength! :] G'nite!
Cussed Out My Teacher Today After School so yeah im busted Big Time haha No Fone  Very Sad I am And I Cant Find My Ipod!!!!
TWEET! #imonaboat:-&gt; @shwood Audited...on TF2? What? Also, you kept muting &quot;I'm On a Boat&quot;, so boo  http://ow.ly/aLga
@SuperwomanAK Over the next month or so the final episodes of Pushing Daisies and Eli Stone are being aired on ABC. 2 good shows canceled 
@Capcom_Unity Great #E3 Booth, TvC And Monster Hunter Are Must Buys. But No One @ Your Booth Could Tell Me What The Mystery Game #2 Was. 
@jazzBANGER Guess what Jazza? You kicked arse in the geography essay. I sat by myself in Geo today  Come Back!!!
Thunder. Lightening. Rain. ZzZz's Alone In My Bed. 
@KristineMarieO I thought youd be coming  at least u didn't have to sit through my screaming on the ferris wheel. lol. Next time, hope ...
I love my screenwriting class! Awesomeness. Another day of work and school tomorrow. I hate that it's all I have time for 
@KeliciaS I've been sucked into Flight Control. Only 59  Got into the 70s on the Hawaii map, though.
Really don't like new NED (Ghost Whisperer). At least right now. Bring back that stubborn kid. 
Dont Finish College Till 4! Someone Save Me  Arghh!
@AppleSpecialist I was searching for &quot;Major Tom&quot; for a while, after the free cover from Shiny Toy Guns. No such luck. Thanks, iTunes. 
@KalanMusic   ~~Yikes!   Your techno-Planets must need Re-Aligning!!   
2 papers done! 5 finals to go  Still Blue Mooning. Entourage. Do I really have to go to class at 8 am? Shoot.
Hair dried. Makeup.  Put hair up  and get dressed and then history cramming from half seven! Ohhh chrriiist  why did I revise so late ;(;(
The show &quot;I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here&quot; is ridiculous. Also, Heidi has really bad bug bites  http://tinyurl.com/qdcx5k
Good Morning !! I'm Up And Just About To Get Ready For A Day In College yaayy !(: I Missed It Last Week 
Woken up with dreadful hayfever this morning. Pollen count is forecast to be high  Really want a good sneeze. How is everyone else today?
@HannahRempel umm apparently @heidimontag and @spencerpratt quit I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here! No point watching it now..  
Wow.  Life After People = Total BUMMER. 
&quot;The Time Has Come To Say Goodbye The Sun Is Setting In The Sky The Truth Turned Out To Be A Lie Its Over, Over&quot;Junior cert 2day...HELP!! 
@2addictive4u I Am Soo Jelous Shelly Martinez Is Following You! She Was My Favorite Knockouts  LMFAO
Just Had The Only Nightmare. I Was Scared Shitless &amp; When I Woke Up I Remembered That She Wasn't Here... 
@jeffgerstmann Hey Jef. My mac screen died like yours and at the mo getting stuff via iphone. E3 2009 Day Zero Does not show on itunes 
Argh wanna go home but need to Wait for Rema to load the Part in to the system 
@BellvsBell PAUSE! PAUSE! PAUSE!.....I Deserve Life W/O Parole With Eddie Murphy For That One  lmaoooooooo
Just getting Ready for Summertime Ball at Emirates Stadium on sunday!! Should be fun!! Though working hard 
Return of the Kitty Nest! Now if only I could stop coughing 
Awake. Nother beauty of a day in Cornwall. On our way home this eve  Oh well, Isle of Man 25 June for 3 nts! Should do sum work b4 tho! ;)
Another Beautiful Day In Ireland! Got Burnt A Bit Yesterday!  x
@orneryboy_comic oh no!!!  Does Dead Rising come on PS3? They're coming out with a second one for that game too!
@BelleRaven Muse is here in September??? Or just the new Album? (ZOMG!) Also I think Catching Fire will be out later here 
Arrived to World Conference Center Bonn. So many journilists all around the globe! Opening at 11. Was expecting Twitter on screen  #dwgmf
Are Any of our Players Safe. 1st alonso Now Mascherano When will it end 
Has Everyone Seen The New Moon Trailer It Is AmZING Love it XxX AHHHHH I ACTUALLY CRIED 
Still Feels Shitty  Sucks .. But Has To Go To Work Today !!
Looking Forward To 'New Moon' &amp; 'Harry Potter - Half Blood Prince' I Sooo Cant Wait To See Them, Shame 'New Moon' Aint Out Til November 
Mark from Name In A Hat is wondering where the sun has gone?...Oh well no moving the office outside today 
Where Has The Sun Gone?!?,,I was Just Getting Used To It   Darnn Itt :/
Everyone sign up for Disneys Friends for Change: If U are in the US... UK people cannot get it...  Get Up and Help the world!
@neil_mccormick I keep checking to see if he's coming over with his Face To Face tour with EJ. No news on that yet though 
Celebrating &quot;Get At Kathryn Day&quot;. Well, when I say celebrating... 
Sold the Oasis tickets. Someone got an absolute bargain.  Better than nothing I guess.
Installed Flash Catalyst beta, but it won't start. Already tried an earlier alpha version and that one didn't work either. Dammit! 
watched He's Just Not That Into You, Taking Chance, and Nights In Rodanthe.  during Taking Chance, I silently cried the entire time 
@_natearchibald  Good I Guess,Just Home Alone &amp; Also Really I'm *Coughs* Sick 
OMG, the State Of The Nation Address is SO boring!  I want it to finish so I can watch Judge Judy.
Me vs. The World: the film cut out at the premiere of 'It Might Get Loud', right at the Jack White part. Sitting in the dark now. 
Mattilda (Bradbull Bound For Glory) Has no puppies in her tummy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/917661
@tweetycupcake Hi Jolie. Watching the bloody State of Origin. Go the Blues, they suck today. 
I should of went to his birthday instead of to Battle of the Bands, he will never look the same. Hopefully he pulls through. Gulit Guilt 
@downesy does that mean U're going? Husband had 2 go 2 Nandos 4 dinner  Just came back from Brisbane. Assumed he wld have eaten. Bad wife.
MEP elections, who gets my No. 3? Trying to decide between Sinn Fein and Fianna Fail, bit of a Mortons Fork here, really dont want either 
@DonnieWahlberg @JoeyMcIntyre The only thing I still want is the &quot;Step by Step&quot; Oncie in the NKOTB-store, but I don't have a CC.. 
@DannyWood @JordanKnight The only thing I still want is the &quot;Step by Step&quot; Oncie in the NKOTB-store, but I don't have a CC.. 
@mitdoq same here, mita! Hoho... Really want to go back to the past lately, when my world was full of laugh... 
Hmm.. seems to me I'm the only one tweeting about Mosaic  Appeals and White Label Giving   Where's the retweet love?
-- Kill me.I want to die. Put a bullet in my heeeeaaaad.  Ten points if you can name the movie...  .... i miss my cell. 
Cold,Tired and Well Was Hungry dosnt get betta then that 
@robinfincktwits IN's m&amp;g wasnt the same w/o you. Wish you couldve seen my &quot;RF Is Cooler Than You' shirt.  Hope youre feeling much better!
Realee Upset @FLYBOIFAB ; He Got His Freakinq Update &amp; i Didnt  . Uqhh Not Happy .
Is Like Well Bored...   Want To Go Home..
@SereneRogers @Kingdaddy1773 Then I go back and realize I left &quot;Goaltender&quot; off the Tweet.  &quot;Goaltender Interference&quot;.  I have failed... 
Back on the hand-coded Javascript / Ajax trail. Two  editors, two different systems. Confusion reigns. Plus, forgot to bring lunch 
Carnt Wait For Jonas Album =D Or New Moon Gorra Wait Till November Tho 
@closertojc Not for me!!!!  LoL Looking forward to seeing you guys next weekend &quot;Proud Momma&quot;.
Really REALLY, Wants To Go To The MUSE Resitance Tour.. So Bad.. Better Start Nagging My Mum 
Paramore Says &quot;No &quot;to New Moon Soundtrack ..... So sad 
@nellclothing Yep, I know that Miss Sense of Humour Failure... Gah 
Is Thinking Long And Hard About Her Freaken bad Taste In Men 
#firstsongoftheday Bob Seger &quot;Turn the Page&quot;. Early morn bus driver cranking classic rock.  Hate to leave SF &amp; my sis 
@TofuguErin A really open atmosphere?  Aside from that, nothing else I can think of.  Heard the economy's tanking bad on the west coast. 
DaMn Can't See NothinG On This Phone Grrrr!!!!  Must Up Date
Forgot it's National Running day and ran INSIDE.  I'm scared to do outdoor runs lately because of my stomach.  4.47mi, 36min + 4 cooldown
Jeheeez Jst Ate a Whole Packet Of Oreo;s.  Needa Drinkk Now Lol.
AARGH! Why was Safari set on &quot;Private Browsing&quot; I have almost no history for yesterday.... 
Same truckstop brkfst place in Thunder Bay trying 2 eat healthy. Bring my own rice Dream+bannana+they've run out of oatmeal  That's RnR
Well, Not even a Full 2 weeks of owning My New Phone...I've Managed to kill it. 
I Am Being Bored On A Summer!!! How Flipping Dumb Is That!!! I Might Not Go Swimming Cause It Doesnt Look Like A Good Day To Swim!!!! 
Some serious #WTF news: &quot;Outpost Gallifrey &amp; the Doctor Who Forum To Close July 31&quot; - http://bit.ly/VzchR | Why?!? 
I've Managed to Destroy My New Phone Before it was even paid off! It's going to cost $90 to Replace it. 
@AdamSchwabe My heart goes out to you Adam.  I had to put down my lovable 3.5 yr old Rotti named Jarvis due to Cancer.  Worst.Day.Ever. 
@calinbleu &quot;compulsory #vaccination&quot; OMG   Bring on the Home Ed!
Beautiful sunny day. Probably time to continue Operation Recycle Your Damn Soda Cans. Also, crossword kicking my ass 
Forget yall, that just woke up!!!! Shoot!!!  I've been up! Early bird catches the warm damnit! Lmao
@photojack you have no idea how much I'd love that! But I have tons of shoots and a speaking engagement during that time.  Next one maybe?
Kay.. Noo.. She's Not Comin To UK!  
Need to stop combing Petfinder. Miss having a dog.  http://bit.ly/A4wU5 This guy is so &quot;aww&quot;  Special needs puppy.
Girl finished her Cocoa Krispies. We're going back up to bed. Ugh, gotta clean The Gaping Wound. 
Yesterday: Diet-FAIL &amp; Workouts-FAIL  Today: Better be better, I need to discipline myself more  The Lord is my strength!
Just Got Soaked Because Of A Fire Hydrant 
@Remember_Fawn I don't think that'll happen, 'cos Miley World's got a presale. 
Not Even Sunny Out But Still I Get Hayfever  ,,
After four years of smoking Marlboro Lights, I'm switching to Davidoff Lights! Couldn't find Marlboro 
@PeterrPann ..Im So Embarrassed  .... Last Night Was ALL ..Soley.. &amp; TOTALLY.. @NiquePrice's Fault.. To The Greatest Extent.
Hmm it's national Running day and National Egg day. Two things I enjoy very much! -and two things I probably wont have today 
@gototennis YES!  Go Fed.  And Kuzy's amazing thighs had me nervous, but she pulled it out! Missed chatting w/ you guys. 
I Think Someone Just Got Shot Down The Street...Yikes 
Forgot to bring her iPod to work. Woe. The day moves so much slower 
Ahhhhh!! I need 7 lawn tickets for the No Doubt show tomorrow in Atlanta!!! Help?  
@FoolsGoldRecs Hi, Alain! This is Melisa's Mom. How are you? Tried to watch ur interview. Wouldn't load.  hope all is well.
Good morning from Muttpop Bob. Another June gloom day in Los Angeles.  Hoping for a Laker win tonight!
@mileycyrus Miley Good Luck On Your Tour Have A Good One Wish I Could Go But Its Across The Alantic 
#mw2   &quot;Modern Warfare 2 E3 2009 IGN Interview.mov&quot; -- Upload Failed: An unknown error occurred. Damn you youtube! ;)
http://twitpic.com/6maji - Operation: Shrink-An-Oversized-Shirt-In-Hot-Water was unsuccessful. 
@typsie didn't even think about it  no emo tear! Next time for sure!
26hr bus ride stole my life it feels and my point&amp;shoot camera. Luckily MOST pictures were downloaded. Proof of Salt Flats are gone tho 
Rain Rain Go Away Come Again Another Day 
I can't get to Miami @Kidrobot but I feel so imcomplete without the Rainy Day Dunny  I've called u about them and everything. Send me 1!
@buerkieb They messed up Fin. Aid Two Years in a Row and I had to pay out of Pocket and they had me in the System as Graduate!!!  Then
National Donut Day!  According to their website, there are no Dunkin' Donuts within 50 mi of SD. Not all of America runs on Dunkin.  
Feels Sic Ate To Much Candy 
left my phone at home. Phooey. Already having separation anxiety. 
Boreed Noww Coz Weathers Turned Crapp And Wantedd To go Out 
Booredd !  Seriousllyy Booreeeedddd !!!! Someone Talk To Me!! 
Okay, Weekend's back.. Hell, Any difference from last one   .... Damn Busy n' Boring...
@tamarlevine No. Just a strip from L.A. through NY.  Saw it on Weather Channel.  
@DonnieWahlberg You should do something like this for NJ 6/13 show. Waite I have to work tho  Come get me out of work I want Full Service
raining day in VA, Going to a movies and just shopping with the BF. No Golf Today 
Between photo editing, writing reviews, and updating Dreaming Of Faith, I've gotten nothing done today. 
Bye Class of 2009 at Graduation.. So sad 
TGIF! The lakers Kicked Butt last night Im so Hoping they can do it again on SUNDAY!  Where is the sun! sooo ugly out 
Can't Believe It's Raining!!  After Like, A Week Of Amaaaaazing Weather!
Where Did The Sun Go! 
@JeremyCShipp Aah...pretty cheesed off...coming in late from day job and feeling really tired. Struggling to get things written at times. 
@tracegallagher when I search tracegallagher in &quot;Find People&quot;   Trace Gallagher from Fox News LIve Desk does not come up!   
@hazyeyez  New!! My Old One Is Gone!!  But That's Ok!!! Love Your New Pro-Pic!!!
Watchin Keepin Up With The Kardashians &amp; hungry 
Ugh! Flipping out, cuz I think I lost my favorite North Face!! What the fuck!!!! 
Drama has completely ruined my enjoyment of Mack The Knife 
Finally The Movie Finish Now i can shower And Start My day... Dam rain 
Mmmm. Just had a vegan sunshine burger from Rainbows End Cafe. How yummy. Gotta go back to work now 
@Viss Would love to come to @drinkup, but the next two Tuesdays are busy   Apparently Stone Brewing has movies on Weds http://bit.ly/gUqwG
We Promised That Nothing Would Brck Us Apart , Yet Look At What Was Done 
Rain !!  Off To See Matty ....  ;) x
@selenagomez OMG Its REALLY Good ..I Love It !! Really Sorry It Was Leaked  xOxOxOx
@TheRealJordin Right there with you  Men have no iiiiiidddeeeeeea
Just Watched Home Ward Bound Such A Sad Film  I Cried All The Way Through It :'(
YUCK! I Just Threw Up In My Mouth 
@XtremeDanny Of Course ILL Let Them Know!!! U Got My Word..Im Just Upset  I Cn't Go..  Me Van A Dar FIEROOO!!!!
@Izzy_Cullen  Awww,Nate Does come on But Hes to Busy To Sstay and Chat for an Hour!  ....
@sdrayray No the recording will not be available 2 the public. Our Offline Gold Mastermind members can only get access 2 that. Sorry 
Goin 2 try get into BB at 10,maybe it will get better :S then Katie &amp; peter at 11 then bed.Up at 7  Oh well its for a good cause (shoppin)
Heyy Kitty Why U Say U Were Sad Wats Up Hun Is It Kev Nd Twinkle  xxxx loubellxoxo
@DavidSpinks @mattChevy I did Fantasy Football Once...Never Got Into It That Much  
Where Did Our Warmth Go?? Calgary is raining and it's freezing cold.  need some hugs...
Rawr My Eyes Were Like On Fire All Day!! Ha.. I Stole Sum Guys Shirt But He Stole It Back Today  Not Fair!
I Hope Forky @PrettyAd0rkable Is Feeling Better;; Massie Dont Like It When She's Sad 
Boy am I exhausted! Discharged 6 people admitted 1. Why do women allow abuse? I can only help those who want help           TGIF!
Friend Requested Someone In Facebook.  Only To Get A Response Saying &quot;Eww No Way....&quot;  FML  
Soooo Tired :S Think Im With The Wrong Person..  x
@LordLike What Happened To Your Comp. AND Where Is My Program or Website That You Were Supposed To Give Me, SMH U Keep Forgetting 
And it's mixed up with the Not-Going-To-McFly's-Concert depression. http://bit.ly/AbUz9  
He's The Reason For The Teardrops On My Guitar  &lt;3
@ItsNeet DAMN!    Google it --- Melanie Fiona - Give It To Me Right.
@Dog_Crazy  That's sad! 
OMG I heard The Most Horrible Song About Them....   
Missing Him. And Shes Growing Up So Fast 
Just blew up on my run. I guess I went out to hard. Bonking really sucks. Getting old sucks 
Design Has Been Created Now Content to be finished still long way to go  But its worth it
Is On An Airbed On Her Mates Floor As Her Flat Was Lonely  Tat Friday Sikk Matee! Scared :s
Made it to Cleveland, OH. Staying at Case Western in the dorms. Day off tomorrow! Don't know when ill have internet again 
Lee Missing House, Greys Anatomy n Hells Kitchen  Although Survivor man was funny as hell with Bear &amp; Will... http://ff.im/-3DPNp
No Phone No Sleep Last Night and No Pancake House This Morning. Sad Day 
@InterLeafer Rough week? Yep! Month of deliverables being shoved @ me, only 2 find today they had planned not 2 implement long time ago. 
@4BiddenPlastic Awwwww.... I Effing Love That Movie... Why U Watching It Alone 
@MartMcD Recovering from all those Keane concerts..Hurt my ankle. No sexy martini heels tonight  Maybe in London? ;-) Booked my flight btw
@peachonice  Neither do I  haha I wanna check it out, though. For the sake of seeing him be a main host after Singled Out, at least.
Want My Tickets To Come Throught The Mail Already 
&quot;Thinkin' back to where we started.. And how we lost all that we are..&quot; -Before The Storm @JonasBrothers ft. @MileyCyrus 
Watched The Uninvited. At night. By myself. Bad idea! Finished book 3! Onto the last one! And...it's supposed to rain all next week. 
Took the car right out to Red Rocks. Now at the tyre shop 
just watched the saddest movie, The Boy With The Striped Pajamas.   sooo sad.
Lamping ; Hella Bored  What's Good , Who's Still Up ? http://myloc.me/2LfZ
--Bored&amp;Tired! Hope my lil sis gets to feeling well again!  The movie Land Of The Lost was great so Funny! Will Ferrell is GREAT!!!
http://twitpic.com/6q3eb - I'm sad you can't see my front porch.   Next time...
I dont know. Tonight is so weird. Really. 
I'm solo tonight. Tad grainy Chilean Merlot (no MG in sight  ) and actually a bit down. Hm? Human perhaps? Must be the wine. Stay goode.
Headin To Alabama Now, Goodbye Lansing! Ima Miss Everyone! 
Called insurance, Apparently they won't cover this, it's not an &quot;auto collision&quot; and I declined the damage coverage.  This won't b cheap 
Watching Cadillac Records! Had to leave The Edge  I gott a work all day! On the air 10-3 the @ Kia on W. Tenn. From 3-5! Good night!
- Plimsoles + Sunglasses + Rain = Standing In A Puddle You Didn't See And Getting A Wet Foot  
Jeheeez Jst Ate a Whole Packet Of Oreo;s.  Needa Drinkk Now Lol.
Yay Star Trek is trending again. Lve itr. Just got done DS9 S7 E3. Love GARAK. He rocks. Ezri is Meh tho. I Miss Jadzia in S7 
just doesn't Feel Like Smiling Today 
just doesn't Feel Like Smiling Today 
@cameronTDF Wish I Could Be There 
@dannysullivan Saw Flight of The Concords in Concert a month ago in Vancover. They were great!! I'm a big fan. Sorry I had to miss SMXA 
Brrrr. Its fkn cold  1st big mac todayy. Thanx Ally. Haha.
Ready For Sat ur day  Got Maths Tutor Now  But Going StageCoach Later WOOOPYdoo 
Why am I watching Feed The Children.. I know i'm going to get emotional 
@mileycyrus I cnt w8 for season 4 Hannah Montanas great, Plz Repy I ws goin To ur 09 tour but im In Newseland The WHOLE mnth Ur In The Uk 
Reaalyy poorly,, Can't talk, Cant Eat or Drink  Hardly Walking  Think im dying lol'x
Up at 8 evangelinetwitt, Disappointing. But Unfortunately for me I overslept, I am defeated, Victory is Yours. 
..Not doing a lot! Bored! Waiting around! As normal, my weekends NEVER go to plan  x
I should really go and shower. Instead, I am trying to beat the Final Vision. Nahatomb is mean, and Hewpoe is still a dick.  #Klonoa
Did A Song 4Bardie Toke 4Ev He Better like it Or it will be A Fail  FOOOTY
Find's It Soo Difficult To Have A Lie In For Some Reason, had a proper AWFUL nightmare  x
 It's RAINING!! Nooo.. Can't Go Nowhere When It Rain's. It's Really Heavy! x
Have tickets to the RAF Northolt Family Day today, but it's hoying down. Sorry Choppy, no Black Panther Helicopters for you today 
Haircut: check. Now for coffee, proposals and email. BBQ for this afternoon looking less likely 
Yesterday's gig @veraclub was grrrreat! Looking forward to Enschede tonight! Almost the last Fine Fine Music show  
is workin 2nite , Also doing Race For Life 2moz . Shame i got sunburn 
Omg.! Three Exams For Me On Monday .! That's Just Child Abuse 
//Off To Work!! I Couldnt Sleep Last Night  Grrr Text Mee
Haha! Woke up to TV advert for Lottery - I funked it was SUNDAY!? Yehar!, a whole day for FREE!  Had haircut - now I miss it  Green snakes
@nickybyrneoffic It's Pissing It Down Here Too  Too Good 2 Last Eh!
Just Randomly Woke Up Because Of My Brother;; Ughh He Sucks Balls Seriously 
@its_sb Atleast You Got Some Sleep,,. : | I Don Get To Go Sleep Til I Get Home TONIGH,.!  I Could Nap In Nero Buh Tha Ain' A Guhd Look,..
Thankyou Too @lusaptcaqv , Also Bitches, Send Me Some Fun Videos &amp; Stuff LOL! Im Really Bored 
Thankyou Too @lusaptcaqv For The Follow , Also Bitches, Send Me Some Fun Videos &amp; Stuff LOL! Im Really Bored 
Is Wishing He Had Money To Get To @scotthumphries@lukep182 Birthday Celebrations  Have 5 Pints For Me Each lol
@Ali_Sweeney Just watched all the DAYS eps. 4 this week on U Tube!Amazing performance Ali! I am speechless &amp; in tears!Truly breathtaking 
VPT is playing &quot;Stand By Your Man&quot; by The Clash - Ashley is trying to make me look like a fool. 
Is Sad: Cause Of Mom(R.I.P), And Is Depressed Cause I'm Lossing One Of My Bestfriends And I Can't Do Anything About It. 
Not Liking The Rain  Wish The Sun Would Come Back =]
I wanna take a nap~~Zzzzzz~~My Last Day Here  :0
Have U Seen The Weather?? o_O Its Very Very WET!!! Stupid Irish Weather...Wheres The Sun Gone?? 
Track Practice...Uggghhh...The Racing Is Easy...And Enjoyable...The Preperation/Workouts Is The Hard Part 
@madddsexy I Knowwww (Tear)  This Is Horrible...How Much Do A Hard Drive Cost?
Okayy .. Not Turning Out So Good  Whyy Do I Always try And Explain Myself!!
I Wanna Go Out!!!!! But Its Raining No One Comes Out When It Rains 
- R.I.P Granddad... Five Years Today... Miss You Loads Grumps  xxx
Is Veeery Bored!  And Has A Textiles Exam To Revise For on Monday  x
Just Woke Up Feeling Rough  Good Night With The Ladies Though 
Ive heard the New Jay z wit My Palm pre !while playin Tetris n Watching French Open haha 
Got new Wireless Desktop 3000. It comes with a high def laser mouse. Feels great. Wish it had higher range though 
Almost done with work.. Tonight a night without my love  Boring.. Going to eat at my friends house. That's going to be fun (L) HUNGRY!!!
&quot;Kinda of sucks Knowing that happiness doesnt existed in my life Almost Lovers A Fine Frenzy &lt;333 Goodbye My Almost Lover&quot; wat do u mean? 
@atubanos what happened to the Smart Car??? Seeing her get towed was very sad 
@Jester512 Hello, Hello!! I do Believe I Probably Missed you Again my Friend   Darn It !
@BStarr713 LMAO!! Okayyyyy!! STOP It! Grow Up! lol I Made A Mistake.. Let Me Live With It. 
Hmmmm... Today = , Me =  There is nothing to do on this cold rainy day! Thank the Lord for the beautiful 4days of sun we had! (&gt;-)
@terri5me2000 Doing pretty well. Trying to get the house ready &amp; stuff prepared for mom's bday BBQ. Kind of bites that I'm working today. 
Bored  Please Add Me Up!
Was shooting til 4am Domanatrix mix with Ciara style..was great til My Phone Dropped &amp; Broke 
Oh  I'm like in tears, that poor girl. Next time Dinara.
http://twitpic.com/6qth0 - One Of The Last Group Photos To Be Taken At School 
FF Crystal Bearers looks *REALLY* good. I hope it turns out well, I miss lighthearted Final Fantasy 
Party Tonight At Lucies, I Also Want A CrashBandicoot Figure 
Color donut!... Where did you hide? @nk (Display is still dark  )
Best Friends Over , Gonna Chill With Her &amp; Then Go Get Sims 3 !  &lt; - Got My Cellie And Laptop Taken Away Though !  I Hate Report Cards !
Gutted That ii Can't Go See The Script  Exams Getting In The Way :\
is looking at the weather forecast 4 2mrw. Thinking &quot;Bugger I am going 2 get soaked doing the Walk For Life 
Sick, stuck in bed, and can't even hold Bella. What a miserable day 
@KhloeKardashian Watching Keeping Up Re runs! Woah! Kendall and Kylie look so young in the first season. 
So Tired Form Today's Orientation from St. Paul, Glimpse on Anna's Video, starting to miss high school 
Cant Sleep, Mr, Put Me To Bed  I Miss It.
Not Feeling Good, Didnt Sleep Very Good Lastnight, &amp; Im Sad  Ugh Will This Day Get Any Worse???
Work Tonight.... Missing The Wings Fuck 
Its Funny How The Weather Mirrors Your Mood..  x
We Are Busy As Hell.....Somebody HELP Me! 
@Betcha  With your family's history, I certainly understand why you would be nervous. Thoughts and prayers headed your way 4 good news.
Ugh Rain I Cant Take It Anymore..Off 2 The Sunfest Hopefully The Sun Will Come Out Sometime Today 
OMG! Why am I up sooo early? I went to bed @ 3:30 and I've been up since 8:45  can't go back to sleep...watching Land of the Lost on Chill
Sad Day -  Had to Swap Out an Affliliate of over 10 years ... http://tinyurl.com/oxfqfc
We Got Rained Out Today!!  We'll be Back!! Every 1st Saturday of the Month!! @ Full Throttle Customs!!
My Head Is Hurting Me. It's always the same! 
Snow?! Really? 
Hello, IM BACK!! REAllY BUSY !! -omg- My Phone Broke   No Textin .. Only Calls ( 4now ) lIFE is lIFE .. What R U Doing ?!?!
@Mar_luvs_NKOTB Atleast you have one to look forward to!!! Mine's over!  Was gonna go Memphis 5* but hospital fees stopped that! U go girl
In cold now.... Dirty! Also double dirtiness have work tomorrow 
Better Mood  Watchiin 2 &amp;&amp; Half Man Fun Fun xD Oh My Sister's iiN  Cuba , Missin Her SO Much  14 Days iiS a Long Tiime 0_o ...
Hmm Was Signing In2 Bebo. .Nd It Was In French .Je Ne Sais Pas Pourquoi . Wel Atleast It Was A Bit Of Practise 4 My Exam On Wednesday  .Xx
OMG! Alex is not going on Summer Tour! What! What? I will miss him! 
22000 folks paid rs. 200 and ran in the 10K run. Just 200 came to protest for Nanda road. Ashamed of Bangalore. Wait till the trees go 
Really Want To See Miley Cyrus's Concert In December! Wish She Was Coming To Cardiff Though 
Is Thinking, How Long Do I Have To W8 For Micheal McIntyre... It Seems So Endless.....     
Life Can Be So Hard When You Know You Got A Lot Of Things To do and a lot Of Things On You Mind 
Staying in because I a dicky tummy and feel a bit ill. Missing Sister Act The Musical.  Best not to go though.
My Twitterpic's Are So Embarrassing  HaHa , Watchiin SkyOne  &amp;&amp; Just About Tew Get Food Yup ii'M Happy ;]] ..
http://twitpic.com/6riaq - Nickelback Were Seriously Good. Unfortunately No T-Shirts Were Fired Near Us  x
Plzzzz!! If I see another Ugly bitch ima Cry!!  **This is the White Party Ladies!!  where r the &quot;REAL&quot; models! Smh!
Just listened to the Lines Vines and Trying Times album preview  Nick Sounds like a dying animal. I miss their real voices &lt;3
@robinbankzz Yes iiT Really iiS  Theres Nothin To D Cos iiTs So Bad Out o_0 , Where Yew From  ?? . . .
The Only Problem Is....She Might Be A Nobody To You But She Is A Somebody To Me  I Hate Her
@Jonasbrothers Why Did Your Youtube Account Get Suspended 
Hard drive failure on my MBP. At second Apple store of the day. HDD has to me replaced  Thank God for Time Machine backup. Hope it works!
@CATRIONAT7 Pretty sure i hada fitt... or Nearly Hada Heart attack  Lol I Forgot To Tell Yaaa When I Called.
Hahaha. I Think Its funny that everyone hates me now but kelsee and britney there are the only people that get me   Brenna&amp;Kota=Bff
Is Mad My White Shoes Are Getting Dirty. And I Got Paint On My Shirt 
I literally LOVE the &quot;Live At Wembley&quot;-DVD! It kicks Just My Luck down to second place.. God it's amazing!!! Wish I was there tho... 
Packing. Studying. Procrastinating. Packing. Studying. Procrastinating. Eating. Packing. Studying. Procrastinating. What a boring life!  
Watching &quot;Why Did I Get Married?&quot;. Contemplating never getting married... Good thing nobody's asking. 
Still wtg for someone to bring me a scoop.  @EatAtFriendlys Less than an hour til Free Ice Cream Day Is Over!
ii Dono Ho De Hell ii'M Ment To Use That o_0 iiTs So Hard ? There's Nuthiin On TV &amp;&amp; To Bad To Go Out &amp;&amp; ii Super Super Bored 
New firmware running. Phone still awesome. Nothing like the iPhone. Totally different animal. Fever came back a little so no CineGear. 
Ron Conway Tribute To Rajeev Motwani http://ff.im/3EWMd Really sad  (via @dodeja)
@CrunchyCarpets http://twitpic.com/6rtpp - Gorgeous! It's so sunny there! Out in the burbs it's totally overcast 
@TraceCyrus Hopefully you will get to sleep on the plane   Enjoyed your tweets from Japan!  U make twitter fun. Safe travels luv! xxoo
@ladiilana *ill vouch 4 dat*  (Turning my email machine upside down .... Shaking it .... Nothings in there ... Hmph  )
Ya wanna know how I'm starting my summer off. . .   With a cold/ sinuses 
Something that will never happen closes off some of the infinite possible futures you could have. 
&quot;Just Like A Friend&quot; - http://bit.ly/10P0dm  &quot;Wipe your feet on my dreams...&quot; 
Super...super bored right now. Work later. Then maybe a beer. Haven't yet decided. My life is like...SUPER lame 
@kelly208 so sad I can't make it  Private party at The Lift. Really was kinda a gettin amped to go. If yall go out after let me know.
Josh Is Making Fun Of Twitter. He Is A Fail Whale 
Josh Is Making Fun Of Twitter. He Is A Fail Whale  http://tinyurl.com/mof8ov
Girl Burns Kitten Alive In Oven As &quot;Practical Joke&quot; http://bit.ly/2QNz15  I think I want to cry. 
Sniff - Sniff - Tonight is the 2nd to last time Pushing Daisies will be on Network tv    EVER
Im So Very Tird ! And i Still Dont No How 2 Work Twitter !!   Its Annoying Goin On Twitter And Being Confused !
Mind That Bird - soooo close!  Hey winning the Derby is enough!
Its The Weekend And I Miss Her, But Im At Work And Just Found Out That I Work On July 4  This Gay Dude Tricked Me Into Wrkin It WTF
Just got home from spending $250 at the grocery store and SICK about it  Somebody, Please Cheer Me Up
Can't Believe My Concert Is Tomorrow, Wish I Was Going.  
&quot;The People Under the Stairs&quot; looked good, but I missed it. 
Ughh Soooo Sleepy.! &amp; At Wrk 4 At Least 5 More Hours.! 
another True Life i shoulda been on: I Don't Like My Large Breasts  i feel for these chicks
Shhhh don't tell anyone. Watching Pretty Woman, yes for the millionth time, ;) bcz I can't find football match 
@katiesliman Ohh Man! Well Theres A Concert Here But It Sold Out  So Im Hping They Will Add Another! #jonasbrothersbackonyoutube
http://twitpic.com/6s9t7 - Im Excited About Game Fuel Being Back But WoW?  Cmon Mt Dew!
@pfig 'bout 5-6 of them. And 2 Pixies. And have I mentioned Fat Bottomed girls? Stock up on Wii points 
Things to be done: 1. See JB 3D Movie 2. School things (boring!) 3. Ideas to my B-Day party.. Too many things to do without Paris   Nicole
 Smile Now And Cry   Later
And Were...Untouchable....!  Call The Shots nowwwwwwwww!....GIRLS ALOUD LOVE&lt;3 shame tour all over.... 
@Femonster Not today! Today we got Fall Out Boy 
@Shontelle_Layne Your Very Welcome!!! Are You Performing With Akon???  LOL The Tickets Went So Fast I Did'nt Get A Chance To Get One  &lt;3
10) Tune Into My Heart - Not liking this song to be honest. Might grow on me, but may skip past it in future  #littleboots
Remember those days drivin down the freeway &amp; there's a car on fire. I don't know about u but that's common on the 60Fwy. 
@godannygo Danny Sorry About Earlyer E Cut The Phone Of By Accident  Is It To Late To Ring You Now ????
@CHRIS_Daughtry awwwwww......I LOVE Long Way.  Your voice is beautiful on it 1 
@CHRIS_Daughtry awwwww....I LOVE Long Way.  Your voice is so beautiful on it!    just sayin'....not complainin'
Mine That Bird was upset by Summer Bird!  Looking forward to Mexico vs. El Salvador for World Cup Qualifying!!
Darng My Shyness, I Cant Get The Guts To Talk To This Girl 
Arghhh back @ work  hoping for a quick night... Got My New Slingbox 2 Play with. Thx Bro for the early Bday Gift! http://myloc.me/2RhS
@musical_laura glad the show was Amazing!!! can't wait to see it Again when i go up to Sunderland. Shame about Georgie, that really sucks 
BTW United States Only I'm afraid  http://tinyurl.com/kqkxce - For a Chance to win $500 Gift Card! Ring the bell! Hurry Not many left!!!
Ugh.  Together and running but my PVC glue job sucks.  Leaks.   have to do for tonight.  Yet Another Home Depot Trip in the morning.
@Mazi_bby An I Bet U Been In That Same Mall For Hours Too  An Still Couldnt Find Me Anything
Stuck in Mayberry. If anyone ever wants to follow plain little me. I'm here. 
@ValeriesCandles Nope, watching hockey.  But it looks like the Pens are losing this one.  Down by 5 goals to none.  
OMG! I really Want Sims 3 Its So Cheap But i Cant Afford It  Sadly
@paranoiattackk Only New Again and Sink Into Me. I couldn't find it  Oh well, off to party!
You know... I'm way over here in Lubbock, you could @ least say HELLO.... Once you're away, it feels like you're gone for good  Forgotten
Got a Palm Pre this afternoon, but I still can't get it activated. Having trouble porting my Centennial number. Maybe tomorrow... 
@CHRIS_Daughtry Please find a way to perform Long Way! I need something other than shaky YouTube videos..I am so saddened 
Just saw &quot;Up&quot; in 3D.  Typical Pixar quality.  The 3D didn't add all that much. Alas, the 3D glasses don't work with red-blue images 
@Go4Sid What??? 
I'm Laying In Bed On A Sat Nite Hating Mah Allergies  How's Everyone Elses Nite So Far...AnyOne Getting Lucky??
Vodka Challenge Tonight. Not feeling So Confident  hahaha
@katefan26  Nope, she didn't play that iether.  I reallyyy wanted her to play &quot;Appreciate Your Hands.&quot; maybe next time...
@AyyoItsAmandaJo Hmmm, Idk. They Were Just Here In Feb. I Was Supposed To Go, But My Mom Changed Her Mind  Lol.
Back from my friends BBQ. Surprising to see a co-worker there. Now to track down that VIP ticket to the de Young. Would suck if it's lost 
@krazywane them.  Just sucks that Youtube takes them off, I didn't get a chance to save the ones from the making of Give It Up. 
@Gulpo Are you serious? Let me guess &quot;The Right Stuff&quot;? That would have been so cool. Darn I missed it! 
Damn. I missed the live games of Str8 Rippin and Triggers Down. Just woke up 
Damn! I missed the Pune Tweet Up meet! Just came to know via Pune Mirror   #ptu2
Going to see Rent on 6/10. With 2 of the original cast members. Wish more friends were Rentheads so I could share that excitement. 
Sad... @novainfinite shows up on Blip (Sole Control &amp; Spell It), but they won't play 
Waiting For the Floor To Dry,Just Finish Moping!! RestLess  #fb
Yay For the Palm Pre. Boo For the cramping Im having. 
Completed 4th speech at #toastmasters.  Title: Capturing the Moment.  Sorry no video this time.  
@RacheltheAngel  That's no fun.  Have you seen/tried the WoW Mtn. Dew yet?
YOOO Shout out to God Always Being So Good to Us even though we Be or should I speak for myself &amp; say I be forget'n about Him sometimes 
DD in hospital in Miami with DVT. Her middle son graduates Thurs, Baccalaureate tonite (Sun).  I'm in TX . Can't fly.   Sad. Pray. Thanks.
Herpes be gone! Bet quote of the night, &quot;Unlike Love, Herpes is Forever&quot; on queue: Viruses and Cancer. This is normal saturday = study 
TiTaNic On TNT...  I Swear I Can watch this Movie a Million Times and Still CRY! 
@pauracoma Aray, aray. ) I'm not thereee :|  Joke. We missed you Paaau!
Okay...yes....yes... I'm getting another message... OMG is this Twitter Channeling???  LOL!  @MATT_369 is in Jail... Super Sad Face! 
Okay I Was Going To Sleep; But Isabella's Crying Woke Me Up 
Going to bed. Church and a job interview in the morning. Come on Best Buy!! This poor college kid needs a job! Didn't get to see 'UP'. 
Reloadin' Stuff On My Laptop..Had To Reboot 
Watching &quot;Finding Nemo&quot; I Luv This Movie... He's almost HOME :-D Movies almost ova  Ok Commercials ova back 2 my movie I'm OUT
Have you ever cried in an action movie? haha that happened to me today watching &quot;Terminator - The Salvation&quot;, poor Marcus Wright 
Googling Info on My Surgery..Hmm.June 29th is Approaching 
@moonstone23 We didnt get to go due to lack of funds.  The kids would have loved it. Next tie I guess.
Ugh This Is Not Good. Just Because Of My Freak'n Dream Last Night, I Feel Different  Im Going To Bed Soon. Everyones Asleep Anyways.
Tight One On My Nails Broke .. Wtf 
UGH I Miss My Mac.... Gone For A Week  * tear tear*
@WillBasil Because Cincy sucks  but I'm trying wakeboarding tomorrow at Wake Nation!
If We Shall All Be Healed didn't have Mole on it, it would be my favorite Mountain Goats album. I can't stand that song for some reason.. 
Blister is throbbing. Room is kinda clean and the seniors graduated.  But...My car works!! Yaaay! Go see the Hangover.
Weekend Ka The End Ho Gaya ( Rehan Is Still In Hospital 
@veronicaluvsyou Yahh It Suxx CowNipples.!!! [[[Well ii Have To Go My Parents Told Mee To Get Off  ]]]]]
Okay Now The Rain Is Out Of Control! HaHa 
Coffee not helping belly-snakes or sweats. May have to be a Very Bad Mother and employ magic babysitter while I go back to bed. Ick 
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/lyu224
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://bit.ly/JzrYK
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://bit.ly/JzrYK
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
@McGiff Good Luck! I'm Doing The Race For Life In My Local Park Today But It Looks Like The Heavens Are About To Open! 
Rain rain go away.  Come back another day. Big festival in Derby today cancelled bcause of the weather.  Will have to do DIY instead 
Front Page: Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/lyu224
Digg: Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.   			 			SocialBlade.com Popping Statistics: [D.. http://twurl.nl/7mea6s
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://bit.ly/xZ9wA
[DiggFrontpage] Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
@JustJames_ Up in the top somewhere  Ahh well at least its Britney! What about you? 
@TraceCyrus Haters Dont Know Shit. Your Awesome And A Gazillion People Love You. But Never Trust The Guy Frm 3oh3 Hes a bastard 
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
@billyraycyrus When You Go To Aussie Cant You Spend An Extra Hour And Fly To New Zealand  That wud Be The Best Thing Everrrrr &lt;3
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
Well That Mini Blackout Was Fun!! I'd be lost with out electricity  LOL.
Done! Party went great... Now time to rest after a long day! And took the sat today! Failed probably. 
My Last Day In Maui Is Tomorrow  I'll Miss It.
viaDigg: Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
Ugh. Overlsept. Missed Train.  No NYC this morning   Will just make the best of it! Maybe go pick some strawberries.
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
@nakaori I went to Utilities-&gt;DiskUtility to Erase the HD. Then did the Darwin_Boot thing. But still it can't find a bootable drive 
Just About To Go Out...Then Terential Rain!!  Never Good  Please Give Me Some Updates People... ... ...
Slow Internet wouldnt let me add more pics.  $100 Million Question: Is Heroes of Telara the World of Warcraft killer? http://bit.ly/17BE0k
Morning. Lots of rain today, but I don't mind it. Using the BBQ for breakfast still. Sort of day to get on the bike if I wasn't on call 
Sorry about the Take Action photos guys!! Myspace just will not upload them! It gets to 22% and just fails.  We're tryingg
6 Real Islands Way More Terrifying Than The One On 'Lost': http://tr.im/nGU3 [Cracked.com] Islands made up of snakes, sulfur &amp; rubbish. 
Headache. Way too hot in here. Dreamt at least 3 dreams in last hour. Having trouble opening eyes. Feel numb/heavy. 
Needs To Start Looking For Birthday Outfit Cant Be Bothered Ill Where A Bluddy Tracksuit! 
Wants Some Celeb's To Follow Her Back  x
Today is 'Write To Your Father Day'. So &quot;Hello Pa!&quot;. There, I'm joining in. Got cropped pants. They are still long   Must be my legs....
Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://bit.ly/6pzSR
Is Revising For Her Science Module On Wednesday Which I Know I'm Going To Fail  x
Getting ready to head off to Middlesborough Live. Something tells me it's going to P*ss down 
@MatildaGretchen - Oh no! Did you miss De La Soul then? What happened? After your poor husband getting attacked the other month too 
All Nighter Again Tonight  Only 6 Days To Go and Then I Can Snooze!!
Finished Watching The OC :'( I Feel Lost Now!! 
digg: Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/m7762g
Sunday already? Pfft. Will do more on the Guitar Hero track today... Add another drop into it and sort out the kick as it keeps hiding 
Bored With Mascara Stains Under My Eyes...... YAY 
Listening to usher. Watching the Rain. Tidying Up. How interesting is my day?!..  Back to work tomorrow  
Need Followers  Or Else Twitter Is Boring LOL Follow Me Plzzzz
Off To Work  No Rest For The Wicked x
Hates When The Football Season Is Over! 
Wants To Go To The Summer Time Ball 
I Am Bored My Bro And Sis Think Its Funny To Belly Flop Eachother Then Knock Over Everything UHHHH 
@PAIGEmoob Yo Yo Yo (:  Msn Aint Workin  Youtube Can Be My Best Friend Again Now. XD
@blogTV You Lie!!! :L I Love Da Site But The Mods Dont Actually Broadcast  We Were All Very Dissapointed
Fun birthday party for Wifey yesterday. Now she is off for Beijing 
Life Sucks   Families Just Shout And take aner out on you   I wish i could just fly away
wow, it got to 55 degrees last night. Unseasonably cold for TN. So much for Global Warming! 
Wow! There Is A Twilight Cruise! In America Tho And Probz Kind Of Expensive     Lol x
The Never Ending Story goes on   Facts of politics are very stubborn things.
I'm on NO sleep...Long night...SMH...No Summer Jam for me either.  Sick of it...
I Still Cant Get Used To This Twitter 
@DonnieWahlberg Camden Rocked! So happy to be the Grand Prize Winners to do the Private Meet &amp; Greet - upset they pushed us out so fast 
@Fantasy_Art I know, it does that some times. That's what I was talking about on FB other day. Sometimes it opens fine, not sure wny 
@FoolProofDiva I want to! Seeing as we're not going to church in ATL this morning 
   Really Dont Like Doing my Room Its So Boring  Sick Of Doing My Wardrobe Out Cant Waiit Till I Have My Walk In One  Yay
Day for at Lake West.... SERIOUSLY!!! Where is my french toast? Where is my MRI? I want to go home 
@MissKeriBaby  I Took Off For Ur Show Today Like A Month Ago....But I Forgot About It Soo Im Off To Work 
I Couldn't Fall Asleep Last Night  Not Feeling Great Now..
&quot;Happy Birthday&quot; My Baby Girl Asia! Growing So Fast Makes Me Feel So Old 
@epiphanygirl ok so y u didnt tell n e 1 u were gonna b on Lift Every Voice? I caught the end. 
Workin at Bloomie... The weather sucks! 
Laptop has bitemarks in top left corner of screen &amp; @  back there's a hole.Think my mate's dog had a chew.Gutted.Pls send tea &amp; sympathy 
Hi @twitters.. !Today my day is so exaiting. The list: Modeling school+ Again with the bests+ Study mathematics  + makeup test for parade.
Wish I Was Seeing Blazin Squad Tonight In Sunderland  i hope they come back as they have new album out this year!! xxxxx
Listening to 3Doors Down-'hEre wiThout You'        -to NY for church-
@Icon1067B Where you gonna be? Cause I'm gonna be at my sister's dance recital all day. 
FINALLY someone committed to going to see Paramore/No Doubt with me June 19th!  Now if only I could afford tickets to Idols Live, too 
Argg  Bored and tired man ! french H/W  Also gonna get Jonas brothers new album when it comes out carnt Frikin wate Dudes.
@aListDaDon My Night Was Pretty Good. Got Home Around Three Went To Bed &amp; Woke up at Like 10ish. Trying To Get Outta Bed. I Don't Wanna 
I feel like playing a game - and a Star Wars kind of one. Have dug out Battlefront II. Why were there no more Dark Forces games 
Listening to 1xtra Being Creative... (Drawing a 6ft Athlete) Resting these damm Muscles from Yesterday's Poor Vaulting...  DAMM RAIN!!!
Alright start the countdown... TIME LEFT: 18 Hours 9 Minutes until summer is over 
[+866] Pogo Stick Fail [Gif]: He tried to do a backflip.  http://tinyurl.com/nhmxjb
@BryanArmada What channel is &quot;Are YOu Afraid Of The Dark&quot; on???? i miss that show  lol
Revising For History Is Soooo Out The Window!! I Need To Revise More..But For Some Reason Cant.. Arghhhh No Motivation Whatsoever 
My Mom Wants To Put My Puppy Down...   
Done working out. Sore! Now...I should probably do housework. Can't do laundry-pipes are all broken again. Grrr. 
Missing Michigan Girl's Mother Says She Is 'Completely Innocent' After Body Found -http://shar.es/oTcO #tcot A innocent child. RIP 
@epiphanygirl i just woke up with you on my TV &quot; My Black Is Beautiful&quot;, but sorry about ur phone 
Richard Is Leaving Today  So Gonna Spend Alittle Time With Him...
Do U Respect DMOZ After 11 Years? R U Listed in Open Directory Project Yet? http://twurl.nl/r8v80f My sites will B listed 5 yrs from now! 
 typo .... Let's try again: Happy Sunday! Watching &quot;How the Earth Was Made&quot; ...Palio Indians
Came 2nd In team Tennis (: Bored...=/  I Need To See New Moon Now 
Found Pokemon Platinum! Yesh! Now I need to find my gameboy. 
Just Got Back From An Awesome Lunch With Carson Taylor....Doing Homework Now  
Oh now I am bored for deffo, its confirmed I am officially losing it, am listening to Its Raining Men!  How sad have I become! Help me!
@WLxboxRox56 Nope No TT Or The Other Lads  This Chart Is Crap.. I Do Not Agree!
@mhemig  Cool new avatar! Want me to change it on the Twitterhood site next time I'm there?  Yes, I just tried Find People &amp; it's same 
I've been studying maths since 2pm Non stop...Revised 14 Theorems... All of Trigonometry... You name it...It's revised! Hope P2 is easy! 
Off the The March Of Dimes!   Sorry Gay Pride 
Gawdd So Bored!! Most Embarasin Happened Yestadai..Cant Face Nowan! 
@Leah239 How Have You Been? I Missed New York Goes To Work Last Monday 
Thinks My Life Lacks Romance At The Moment.. Haha! This 3 Months Off School Is Really Gonna Drag  Birthday 3 Weeks Today  x
Hi hi!  Not been online in days.  Weekend was awesome.  Vicki has left now  Going to watch TV with the parents.  Yep yep.
@krystlesivorot How was Relay For Life??  Sorry I couldn't make it, as I had to work 
Problem booting  - D-A-L Computer Help: Hi there - My mother has a Dell Dimension e510. She downloaded a virus.. http://bit.ly/vf0hs
That Was Oh Too Quick. What The F&amp;%$ It's (SUN)DAY. I Don't Wanna Be In  (SMH) I'm Getting Out (Lol)
SMDH at @Ari_So_Focused being put on Twime Out... I need her right now 
@oknows not in ny homie.  Next time for sure!
&quot;I'm In Driver's Ed Get Me Out of Here&quot; all week 
Free @Ari_So_Focused!!! She is Twime Out... 
http://bit.ly/k10Px &quot;Al Gore's Busy Making Bad Jokes While His Current.TV Journalists Are Still Trapped In North Korea&quot;   laura ling
Im Going Bed Early Tonight As Got School Tomoz! 
@davidaron enjoyed the taped shows thanks!, was @ Worcester. Looking 4ward 2 Hot Tuna &amp; Little Feat , OSFT is not @ my show, No recording 
Such a fun weekend in OC! Why'd I have to go home  thx for a great time. I &lt;3 Altered Racin! View pics soon @ myspace.com/luvg0des
@MaddyDee Aww No Its My Page Of What I Write To People, Havent Got A Reply From Any Of Them Which Sucks  So I Take It You Like Mcfly?? x
forgot this one   really need a brain    Bananarama - Let Me Love You One More Time (1992) http://bit.ly/H7hRp
Funny Dayyy (:  Took My Mind Of My Maths Exam That I Have  In The Morning For A While 
I forgot how important flexibility is in my grand equation.  It really is crucial. No vegetarian cafe in my immediate future  Next! 
Going Bed Later, Will Watch Big Brother In The Morning, Off To Revise For Maths Exam 
Ughhhhhh I Have The WORST cramps In The WORLD Right Now!!! I Feel Like Im Going To Shit!  TMI...I know 
Sad,my best friend wants to see me in JBH, I still reluctant to go there. Will do Body Combat there on Tuesday. Missing her so so much.. 
@LaylaLavigne But Their Gross. Ive Never Liked Em. 
@FunkyKiwi Usually sleeps what you need but then they keep you awake.  Better luck this time, nighty night. *HUG* xx
Eff you Team Darlton for making me have hope that Dom is coming back to Lost when really it's another ABC show he's coming to. Not On. 
Barely gonna Leave San Diego.. Not gonna make it back to LA in time to GO to the Laker Game ..No Shannon Brown 
Waiting for &quot;Up&quot; in 3D to start.  Wish I'd felt well enough for a trip to the Science Ctr...*So* sick of being sick. 
Ugh Why can Ireland Not Have Decent Weather  I wanr Th Sun Back!
@taraxxlynne Lol. Perhaps.. I Just Like To Go Out Of My Way To Make A Girl Smile.. But Only If She Deserves It.. Cuz Some Play Too Much 
@MissNattyBaby Yeahh But The People Were So Boring Just Sitting There! lol And Ciara Was Trying To Get PeopleUp But No  lol.
Retiring to watch National Lampoon's Vacation. Maybe in the morning the BNP will have lost their seat and I'll believe the world is sane 
Just finished The Wires season 2 AMAZING! How can you feel sympathy for ALL sides? Great writing and acting. UK has The Bill 
Tryna Dye Myy Haiir But To Scared It Might Come Out Uglii Uqh Dnt Kno iif ii Should 
@Fantasy_Art  Seems like many people are hurting their knees these days!    Be safe my friend!  Lookg 4ward to chat again (and art!!)
Aghh How To Get Rid Of Headache 
BNP. First seat in Euro Election. Are. You. Kidding. Me. ? (via @jodieharsh) I know 
@Scorch_Mom Yes, I feel the same way. If the house is chaotic and messy everywhere, I shut down  Clean house, happy, inspired mommy
@glamourous1 Sniff. Hack. Wheeze. Sure sorry to miss seeing you this morning 
Oh wow! You guys went wild requesting the acrylics for a vid. Poo! I just did them  Next time I do them I'll do a vid for sure!
BIG NEWS Just got a sneak peak at a new #iPhone promo poster. It said &quot;The New iPhone: Bigger, Badder, &amp; Faster Than Ever&quot; no pic allowed 
@Nuchii sorry we left in a rush. Next time 
I need a new cam. Make this happen? &amp; wtf at the Neo Nazi thing. People are so careless, it's sick'ning. 
i guess i'll have to listen to Next to Normal...once i get something to listen to it with... 
#tonys ...and evidently they canceled each other out  -- But congrats to the authors of my life story, Next To Normal...
G'Night World! Tomorrow I have school... Ugh! Where's Summer?? I need a vacations... 
Called Selena's SayNow twice...she didn't answer or call me back  I was shacki... Read More: http://is.gd/Sgle
Ever get depressed when things in life come to an end? Weekends? Summers? Life with your BALLS?? FAAK!!! I loose em Thurs! NOOOOOO!   
Oftt need to read Tomorrow, When The War Began &amp; I'm up to page 6 
@lejunkdrawer ACK.  Wife was OBSESSED with &quot;Islands in the Stream&quot; six months ago.  I FINALLY had purged it from my brain.  Now it's back 
@Bia_Loves_NKOTB There are NO Targets in Canada  Everytime I go into the US I hit up a Target...I live 2 hours from Buffalo
Jordin's New Music Video Is So UNSATISYING ! I expected so much for the video! 
WTF? Two seats for #BNP What is going through a person''s mind when putting a X in that box? Scary shit !! Off to bed. BNP=FAIL 
The Sun Went Bye-Bye.     I Still Have My Fairy Tale &amp;&amp;I REally Dont Wanna Do It.
Song stuck in head: Past the Point of No Return. As far as Stuck-In-Head songs go, it's a good one, but duetting with myself sucks. 
@DontHateBeHated Any appearance by Ace Hood is unfortunate..lol Ask billboard. 
@Woobies I KNOW RIGHT! As soon as I logged on my computer my friend told me. Face is still like this 
@marybethtyson Saddest. Movie. Ever.   I was still sad the next morning.  
@LilMsNiicoolee Yessss I Kno  And I'm On The Phone Wit Moms And We Both Kno Parentd Can TAALLLK n Ask A Lot Of Questions!!
&quot;Battery In Your Leg&quot; by Blur makes me feel sad now. Especially the live version. Thanks Jessica. 
Wanted to take ballroom dancing but all the slots were taken already.  Stuck with Physical Fitness for Women. Ok, what do we do there?
Watching Return To Sleepaway Camp. creepy. 2 1/2 week classes at Bowie tomorrow 
Lakers Won. :/ Whatevers!! School Tomorrow!  I Want To Go Back To Camp!
So I'm assumin the Lakers won since I have no Tv... Room... Or Home 
@RedTexta , It does, Whenever i log in, It says &quot;Your account is inactive, Activate the activation code&quot;. What should i do? 
It is Norm, my hero at 0.51! http://bit.ly/2DZqBu  Really miss him!  Wish they could do re-runs or put it on DVD.
I wonder what time the Tonys are on? Over by now I'm sure.  Lame.
@DevonMarie78 when you do get a chance to listen, my fave Craig sings the lead on the AHA Take On Me but he has since left the front line 
who who who does Avery like? In her PE class? Gorgeous, Fashion sense, Humor? Sounds like a catch. But she won't tell. 
@steveackles Im Supposed 2 See You Guys 2morrow At White Plains NY But Im In Upstate;; I Hope I Make It 
Have one more exam and that is it but it is maths.  only 20 more days till is see Take That Gary Go and Lady Gaga. Well excited. 
@simoncurtis I Have Nothing To Do...And I Have To Stay Up Until 6am...Gosh Life Sucks 
So sad for all the Australian blockheads   Wonder if that means @NKOTB will be playing @virginmobilecan in Calgary?!?!?!  Any word yet??
I Need Faces Mad With Frowns When Im Around, Or Im Wastin Fabric... 
Strawberry pesto pizza provided by NY Pizza at Harmony Festival. So good. Not Kosher  #wheresmatis http://twitpic.com/7g53q
Sigh, Downloading the 1.2gig Burnout Paradise file.  My Xbox 20gig HD is getting filled up way to fast  Bedtime while it completes. See Ya
Mornin ALL!!! Ready For Work  Six Whole Hours Of Hell 
@readora  sorry. Next time k? Some of my friends are already regretting that they didn't come and they are asking me to have another. lol
@Phee78 Just got caught up. So sorry. Sux that they would go &amp; do something like that. Unfair, and wrong to say the least. 
@DonnieWahlberg Some girl on the Forum just posted that the Australian Tour has officially been cancelled  Is this really true?
Melissa Kelley Ball Is Awake But Tired And Is Off To Work  !!! http://tinyurl.com/mmo2sg
I'm going to have to start limiting my Food Network viewing. Everytime I watch I get hungry. Right now I want paella. Too late to cook. 
Firefox Crashing Badly on Mac .. Very Annoying .. I Suppose i have to use Safari Now 
Sorry to everyone who text me and Called I was at all work since 11 am til Close  I have expenses to pay for people lol
Worst torture ever? Having to listen/watch Family Guy cartoon reruns! It makes my ears cringe! But hub loves it! 
@OGOchoCinco Man, Im A Florida Dude.... When You Said L.a By 6, I Was Like, Whatever, But Damn ORLANDO Got Killed! It's Your Fault 
@portek OMG LaksaFAIL? That's terrible... not from Happy Chef in the mall on Sussex Street?! Bad laksa is so sad 
Fuck You - Lily Allen, ftw. I wish it was Summer 
@vaxen_var Have both The Natural Way of Farming and One Straw Revolution (first editions). My dog chewed on one 
Work was very good. *Hi cutie! I got paid. Downfall, I locked my keys inside the car!?  However, I am finally going to see 'UP' tmrw! 
OMG finally log in! Super quiet in office today! Had Kenny Rogers for lunch in SunTec! Time is so slow! 
Hard To Fall Asleep When You Miss The Ppl You Love&lt;3      c Them Soon =]
Spent the last 48 hours learning, networking, helping peeps. It's time for &quot;my&quot; weekend. Wait! The weekend is over! And I missed it. 
Mum just stormed into my room, SCREAMED at me, and Left! What did I dooo  x
Needs A Rest... The Last Few Days Have Been Full On 
Morning all, dull day in Glasgow   Nearly finished reading &quot;The Host&quot;...so placed an order for &quot;The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo&quot;.
New Website Out Ever So Soon / I Need My Pees Up Holiday This Year 
&quot;Smulan&quot; sank  and I ended up on a one-palm-island for two months. Hitched a ride on a passing banana boat to Rotterdam. Where to now?
Smmfh. Who's Up With Me? I Gotta Fill Out Miami-Dade College Application &amp; Is Sooo Bored 
Morin Every1, in science  Goin bk 2 the besties in abit (y) Prom 4 Day gettin close now cnt wait  Woop Shia Is in London  Tweet l8t
Morning,Up Early To Convert About 37 Videos To iPod Videos! 
Husband busted me on the nose while we were sleeping! WTH, man?! Owie  Having trouble going back to sleep. He looks peaceful tho... punk.
@frypilot Afraid so  Did you hear Akon on Live Lounge? He was so out of tune it was painful.
Audio: Thieves Like Us - Really Like To See You Again drugs are bad  http://tumblr.com/x5n21r1za
301 tom! Yey! Simplicity's Classroom! . Hahaha. Not excited for tomorrow. Last Day of Happiness today. 
I Wish Take That Still Wore That Bondage Gear They Used To Wear and Got There Kit Off Like They Used To. I Miss The 90's 
@Lucy1972 We were planning one, but current circumstances make booking anything right now a Really Bad Idea 
Just Realised That The Sound On My Laptop Was Off And The Videos I Had Converted Have To Be Converted Again Because Of The Sound! 
I just woke up. I thought it was a weekend. Worst. Feeling. Ever. Now I have to go to sleep 
Needs Followers =/ SoSo Lonely  Think I Like FaceBook More x
@Nickys2Cool Silly Girl...Now u got a sore tummy 
Good Morning World! Everything seems so much better now that my space is more organized. Ugh! Don't want to go to work  Missing him ILY!
http://twitpic.com/7gfwa - Look Out My Window - Rain 
Stuck in traffic miles long on the way back from #Rockness. The 9am bus doesnt have as many party people as I'd like, more old folks 
Right . .Got to Do The impossible Task Now Of Tidying My Room . . .Boy This Will Be A Challenge! 
First Tweet from IM+ Still no Push option for latest version 
@fromthestars OYEA!! What section are u?? Come and gimme a hug in IV-2 
I Having The Hardest Time On Finding Chemical Apparatuses. 
@DcptcnCrescendo *Hugs* I hope that you get better.  Being sick = not fun.
@neeech A Little Less than Before (http://www.fanfiction.net/s/4976805/1) its inc tho  Gawd The Office &amp; Coming to Terms should update na!
@Muffys_Mayhem Awww Muff   Lucky You!! I'm Off To Work =\ And I Still Can't Breath Outta One Nostril..lol
Saw someone having a heart attack at the Cu Chi tunnels then had to fight back tears at the War Remnants Museum. What a day 
@Rae65 LOL !! More than I can say for The Office. Got the AC blowing on me to keep me awake. Sorry I missed you last night 
Is Going Because No One Is Speaking To Her  !
Lousy Monday    .....Thinking Forward @ Vacations in 4 weeks
@joeymcintyre So sad you didn't pick me for Mansfield.  What's a girl got to do?    Made you a button, got my friends to tweet you...sigh
OMG! Thunder :S I Don't Like Storms  Lol, Jonas Brothers Were Amazing On Radio 1 &lt;3 Love Them
@HanSyntingRed Boooo! Still at least it's this week? Any ideas for Dad's Day? Will be attempting it tomorrow 
Is Tryin 2 Thnk Of A Gd Way 2 Explain How Crap I Feel Atm. Nope Wrds Cnt Explain.Wnt 2 Go 2 Bed  On The Up Side Fukin Emence Weekend!!! =]
@thoughtbeast Call me out of touch.  I thought people were talking about the movie True Blood. Just another vampire series though. 
iN Sooo Much Pain...This Sunburn Ain't No Joke 
3.15hours left in work!  Slim Fit class tonight! More pain.... Nooooooooo 
Rebecca And Ashley Really Have To Sort Things Out 
Hi Guys  Just a quick line to Wish you all a Safe Ride on the L2P I was with you all last 2 yrs  on the timing  goin to miss a good event 
Good Morning Tweeters;; Had A Great Sleep But Some how I Wish It Was Later 
God's Choice Book Update: No book today  Delays due to page numbering in the index.  Shooting for the 22nd!
Was Lovely This Morning Now It Looks Misserble  This Stuiped Weather Lol Wants A StarBucks Hot Choclate (Y)
@MrsMccracken Haha. I remember that!! We couldnt laughing though. We were mean  Haha. The Trashcan Day for You. That was PRICELESS!
Black Eyed Peas - The E.N.D. &gt; Worst Album Ever!! (in a comic book guy voice) 
They Shud Bring The Smurfs Back On TV i Miss The Smurfs  They Were Soo Cool
I want 2 leave England and go 2 a Different country, the weather is CRAP here, also 2 many bad memories  Any Ideas?
@CourtneyChesley Yesterday when I was mowing the grass I ran over some mint. Smelled soooo good! Grass makes me sneezy tho 
Had an Amazing Weekend as always.  Now ready for the Super BUSY work week. Today is my Work BFF's last day -     Ill miss u Ant!
@moebuckz Lol..I'm Sick..No Ones Taking Care Of Me  ..But If I Could I Would..Lol
#musicmonday Donny Hathaway &quot;A Song For You&quot;, &quot;All We Know&quot;, &quot;Giving Up&quot;... Yeah, it's that type of day. 
@frenchwinetours ROFL - Old time internet speak for Roll On Floor Laughing. can be follwed with MAO - My Arse Off!! Didn't have it! 
Just came in from my Secret Garden. Couldn't Tweet from there; my battery was too low 
You Won't See THI on Fox: Afghan Children Left To Die After US Bombings http://tinyurl.com/Im575m  
Worst Day Of My Life 
Was going to collect Walking With Dinosaurs DVDs w/The Sun but someone's recycled all the tokens I'd collected, and the dino poster too 
Where have all our Boys gone? #MilitaryMon  Where Have All the Flowers gone? http://bit.ly/7DaUq COME HOME
Thunder &amp; Lightening  What happened 2 the sun???
@chris_rea Car Crash? :O You okay? I know the feeling with the funds.. work cut me back to 2 days a week 
Goodnight!!! My &quot;twitterrific&quot; app is not working so I'm forced to use &quot;TwitterFon&quot; for the mean time... Zzz.. Must wake up early... 
 No Jonas Brothers Tickets... Hope They Will Anouce Anotha Date in DUBLiN Coz i Luv Dem... xx
Watchin Shrek With Toothache 
@happymonkeyshoe Redgate http://www.red-gate.com/ Fudged the interview.  Didn't show &quot;passion&quot;... about computers! Me! Passion! Computers!
Diamond Watched Jumped My Nano Wall  HELP !: Last night I i noticed some slime algea forming so I cover my tan.. http://chilp.it/?6b38ee
Wow! Final show over.  Now we have to clean up, take our stuff home...No more &quot;You're A Good Man, Charlie Brown.&quot;
im just now realizing..This Week is Gonna Be The Moment of Truth. I hate decisions like this. I need advice from a professional fa real 
@Umatter2Charter Thanks, hopefully SOMETHING will get done. Your job must suck working for such a horrible company like Charter Comm 
#IRemember My First Crush In Elementary School. He Was A White Guy Named Michael &amp; I Did Everything To Get His Attention. Never Worked 
@rolesy I have twitter! Know anybody which I know too? Like from the radio station or something? I also keep getting spam followers 
listening to Legally Blonde - The Musical! i wish i had seen it when it came to town 
Hate. Thiz. I'm. Grounded. Off. Computer. For. The. Whole. Day 
Driving School Today. Ohh, What Fun lol 
Just Found Out There Putting My Dog To Sleep. R.I.P. Lady  ima miss you
Wish Fulfillment? No. But Dreams (and Sleep) Have Meaning - TIME http://ff.im/-40ljC (via @DoctorRobin) -uh oh 
There's A Beautiful Cloud Patteren Outside My Window, Why Won't My Stupid Camera Take The Picture? It'll Be Lost Forever 
Happy Monday! You know, sometimes YouTube really sux! Didn't accept pt. 2 of my David Ready Jr. interview!Seconds too long!Ok,now again. 
Got Tons Of Homework To Doo!  Betta Get Started Then... (N) X
Remember that Torture skit off WuTang 36 Chambers? I got one to add--can't eat my lunch with these tight a$$ braces on, but I'm hungry!!! 
MilitaryMon  Where Have All the Flowers gone? http://bit.ly/7DaUq For The Men/Women in our forces  #militaryMonday
@Funky_Junk Glad someone else watches Neighbours.  My bf scoffs at me everytime 
Cant Believe The Weather 
Toothache ... Seems as if tomorrow the dentist get work.  
So I'm Gonna Be Filing Last Months Paper Work for California Insurance Bureau's Office &amp; I'm Going to be Filing 4 Months of My Paperwork. 
@reemerband Got Kicked Out Of Your Blot Tv Chat Bit 
Arghhhh! Lightening Has Just Struck Right Outside My Bedroom Window  Not A Sight I Wanted To See....
OMG The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is so sad 
Freedom thank you drivers ed for being over. For today 
Hmm can't access Sweetest Goodbyes   The Coppermine Gallery is erroring!
Thriving on sprouts and fluids. Darn! I might as well participate in Biggest Loser. The scales can't stand me anymore 
I feel like a sell out when I drink Vitamin Water. Why should 50 Cent benefit from my thirst. Might as well wear Apple Bottom jeans too. 
I Hold On To Your Body, I Feel Each Move You Make, Your Voice Is Warm And Tender,  A Love That I Could Not Forsake 
@Gawge Hah! Would be pretty cool to play InFamous, while a storm is outside. Rain is getting heavy, and Sky has lost signal. 
#iremember wen 2way Phones Where Tha It thing 2 Hav. *Even Tho I Didn't Hav One  *..lol
@jonahdove Bummer. All the crap after effects w/out the fun impetus.  Stress maybe? Clenching at night?
Eaten And Now I Feel Sick 
Watching She's Got The Look finale...I really wanted Karin to win... 
@jrheam oh  Coming up in the next month is like...Emery, Closure in Moscow, Anberlin, mewithoutyou, The Dear Hunter, Zao, A Static Lullaby
Gaww!  Summer Leaves Me Bored! But The Parties Are Great!  (Anyone Wanna Chill?)
The Wire is great and all. Really great. But not *quite* good enough to replace the sex I'm missing out on this evening 
@mcflymusic You have Get Weather Here Its Dark And There Is Thunder And Lighting im Sitting There With A Touch in case we get a black out 
@ghiebert Crap. This thing is 32-bit. That means my shiny new Win7 64 VM won't work. 
Feeling Left Out Right About Now...Really Wanna Be At Wembley 
Monday  ima Play One Of My Fave Playlists Full Blast Out Thee Window ! Take Tht Neiqhbors ! MUAHAHAHAHA ! Jonasx3
Wishing The Job Market Was Better...  Would Be Nice To Apply My College Education
Chelsea Handler's Horizontal Life was AMAZING.  I now need Are You There Vodka? It's Me Chelsea, but it was sold out at Borders yesterday 
I ordered the Gospel Of The Flying Spaghetti Monster from Amazon and it's not here yet 
xDD Tomorrow CTA exam!! Hate it  &amp; Now going to El Cultural!!! C CLUB LOL Loving my new cell xP
Im Gonna Hate It When I Hear People Who Went To Wembley Saying How Awesome It Was Tonite 
Going Shopping later. I Want My BRAND NEW Shirt. 
College Is All Finished Happy But Also A Little Sad 
This weather is beautiful! Its abOut to pour and I'm cursed  [Sex In the Rain- Ray J] Cooking dinner for the ladies.. ..
What. A. Crazy. Long. Work. Day. Oh and its not over  five more hours..
OKay! Just Got In From Baby Sitting .. Had Soo Much Funn.. But is Rather Tired  
Brrr. I iz cold flirt chat girl. Need more HOT tea !! Man its quiet. Wish I could go for a nap in my WARM bed.. *sigh* Only 2 hrs to go 
@ Home... Bored.... Nobody To Talk Too   .... Sitting On My Porch Waiting For The Ice Cream Truck &amp; Postman... My Life Has Come To This..
@Rokkster is it not going OK? Worried about the  Any questions pls ask or support at xero.com. Feedback welcome too. ^OG
Canceled Premiere Up   Chek Now Tour Dates on myspace.com ::: http://www.myspace.com/kamilootalvaromusic
Really Busy But Really Tired at Work...I Hate Mondays. Wish I Could Go Back to Part Time but I have expensive taste so I Can't  
@serenajwilliams Goood Luck At Wimbledon; I Was Supposed To Go But Didnt  Wheres U Favourite Grand Slam Event?
@cuppy Congratulations Cuppy, I'm also on a diet, but not of my doing... people in house are on Weight Watchers, So I am too 
I am way too impatient to shop online... Instant gratification is much more my style. Topshop and Free People please come to Canada  - C
@freshalina Have you heard &quot;Barack That Ass &amp; Make It Go Obama&quot;  http://www.zshare.net/audio/603702232c32dce3/
I feel lame-o, a total twissappointment of late. Now anuthr Biz Trip to interfere with tweetlife. 
Kinda Sad  Only,, Well 9 Days Left Here Now. Time Is Going Too Fast. (U)
A Lil Under The Weather Now..  Crazy Ass Weather..  Grrrr! Oohhh TheraFluuu!! Take This Cold Away!!
Bummed Abisha couldn't make the trip.    Next time.
Watching 'Im A Celebrity: Get Me Outta Here' 
Fed Up With All this Nonsense...just Want To Go In A Deep Sleep And Wake Up To A better Day 
@L_Twin People will go to BFBC1 if they are new to 1943!! keep us alive. Poll suggests people would pay for new maps. 
Sad!  just viewed the last Pushing Daisies on my DVR. My love for Lee Pace knows no bounds.
Spent 10 minutes trying to make Take Me Out To The Ball Game sound cool on Mario Paint Composer. Epic FAIL 
Just got dine Crying We is Over  what do you want next let me guess Gams for the heart?
#iremember  when I was sitting on the porch Crying When Tupac Died 
open bar at the opening day of IRCE? Brilliant. If only I could have sponsored the beer 
Hair success! Now for Thurber's going away shindig at Fuzzy's. I'm going to miss that boy. 
in true bad-reality-tv fashion, &quot;I'm a Celebrity, Get Me out of Here&quot; is a complete trainwreck that I can't turn off.  Poor Patty Blago 
Fuck!!!!! No Blink 182 this summer!!  Why must everyone skip out on Portland, Maine?
I want to be a Real Housewives of Dallas, Texas..... Oh ya! I got Know Money, No Drama, I guess that counts me out. 
Apparently no one wants to &quot;Pepper In Some Fun&quot; tonight.   Chili's is DEAD!
Supernatural was pretty awesme last night. Missed how I Met Your Mother though   Wish I didn't have an exam to sit today...
@joystiq Everytime I tried inputting a code, seconds after you guys gave the last batch, it just told me that the 'Operation Timed Out' 
Ofcourse &quot;Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil&quot; is on tonight. We would've had a private tour of Mercer House.  Maybe in August.
@parislemon M. Lemon:  Yes, we have no FLV support in Quicktime X for Snow Leopard Developer Preview.  Bad source 
'Akira' Project is Dead as a Doornail. http://bit.ly/aarLP  Poopie.  Probably would've been crap anyway.
@DonnieWahlberg Are you aware that Simon &amp; Garfunkel are comin Down Under? They haven't had an album since 1972! They haven't cancelled! 
I didnt had the opportunity to see nick in person  They Havent Come To Colombia Yet Is So Sad.
@melinaplaza I didnt had the opportunity to see nick in person  They Havent Come To Colombia Yet Is So Sad.
second Blink show added in Irvine!! No Weezer tho, only Fall Out Boy 
@sexy_chocolate Yup! I Miss Obi  Best Dick In My Life! Whewww...Omg!
I Thinking Of You Everytime, but you don't see me !! 
http://twitpic.com/7in00 Mann Oh Mann; I Miss Those Days  If IOnly I Could Turn Back Thee Hands Of Time.! Hmmmph.
WTF!!!These Tables Getting The Best Of Me Tonight...Its Not A Good Look 
@planesandstars also i really think you will like That Was Something. They are way pop stuff but ifl them. i can only find an EP though. 
@Shopaholic_Mama Sounds like you got Rank Spanked  They seem to love hitting us Bloggers.
Alright, you guys were right...The Hangover was nothing short of hilarious! Watching the Greek Season finale booo  #fb
waiting for Lines, Vines and Trying Times to be released at Walmart!! Walmart is so dead  No ones here...Come on Jonas Fans! show support
@Mimo777 I Never Got To Go To Mimo's Party When I Reach It Says Server Full  I Think Im Not Supposed To Go To Hes Party 
Just watched Season one episode one of True Blood. Now I'm gonna have to rent the DVD, because our HBO free preview is over after today.  
@ashleytisdale its New Mexico! Please Come To Baton Rouge..No One EVER comes Here..!!   -Kay-Jay;; Noonie's Twinn;;
Aww, Cena Did Win The WWE Championship Or The 10 Man Battle Royal! 
Damn Says I've Haven't Been On Twitter In A Whole Week Whats Really Goin On In My Life.  FML 
OH: Damn Says I've Haven't Been On Twitter In A Whole Week Whats Really Goin On In My Life.  FML  http://tinyurl.com/n2cgaj
Listening to the Prayer. http://bit.ly/kI51q #IranElection I'm Canadian - Peace!!! The CHILDREN PLEASE!!!!    Sincere here.
Listening to the Prayer. http://bit.ly/kI51q #IranElection I'm Canadian - Peace!!! The CHILDREN PLEASE!!!!    Sincere here, want nothing.
@Joita_Jonas I Wish I Could go and buy It butt I Cant.  so Im Out Byee Take Care
#iremember when The Closer had a Skip-It...madd fun in the parking lot @ Franklin Ct....Sorry I broke it  rotflmfao @msayocutie!
@JJINGHAM Thanks for sharing! We have 1 boo...   Watch Out Chuck E. Cheese!
enjoyed watching Here Come The Newlyweds with my g-ma. going 2 go read some &amp; my cough is worse now.  enough said!
Can't put that PCD song out of my head  I'm gonna do an exam while i'm singing, lol. PCD - Take Over The World
Ran our income numbers tonight. We honestly shouldn't even step outside. Usually there are alternatives, but now there are none  SOS
This is my hatiestest episode of Brothers and Sisters. The one when juliet and elizabeth left the Walkers. Gawd so sad. huhuhu 
Seriously, first my laptop then this pc. Whatever though Feels good to be back playing warcraft. I feel really rusty though 
Tired And Can't Fall Asleep, Can't Stop Thinking About My Dad! 
@kyledejong @Yaffler @She_Loves_Wine Oops... I guess the Chow question was meant 4 @She_Loves_Wine. Sorry! Still slightly twitilliterate 
Listening to &quot;Don't Cry&quot; by New Kids On The Block (NKOTB).  it's the perfect song right now. What other sad love song is there? Let's see.
Got my lappy back, turns out it had a busted Power Supply Unit. As feared, it cost a bomb   Thank God it wasn't the MotherBoard.
Now i'm Left. To Forget 'bout us 
Had to make a police report! Scary man on the road  Well, day's over. Sleepy time. Injera has me feelin that -itis. Goodnight twitterians!
@realbrookewhite Random question:  Do you like In 'N Out burgers?  I'm totally craving one, LOL.  If only we had them here in Seattle! 
I Love My Ford Focus. Too Bad I Cant Drive It 
@drkisane Thank you for the Vibrant Nation.  What was the Baby Boomer Soul Wisdom title for again? I lost track of our tweets 
Blahh Blahh Blahh;; Man iM Not FeeLin Tooh Good Right Now  -&amp;&amp; iCant Sleep Either. Man.. This Suxx
Someone is mad cuz I said they are too nasty to be on my website  awwww poor thing. Next time say it to my face instead skank hoe
Just got up. Shattered. Really cba with school now 
Freakin Traffic! At a stand still on the freeway, defo missing training tonight. SO not happy 
Just About To Leave For School On My Bikee..   O Happy Days 
Wow the scene when they killed X and &quot;A Change Is Going To Come&quot; playing in the back always jerks those tears 
&quot;Microsoft Sues Three in Click Fraud Scheme&quot;  Oh for crying out loud...http://bit.ly/1325DQ I mean seriously MSFT...GDFU...spare me... 
No XBOX Live for 24 Hours Is Like A Day Without Sunshine 
@CivilServant Can't seem to see Diary of an on-call girl on iPlayer or Listen Again  Going to try &quot;Strangers on Trains&quot; instead
Needa Get Money So I Can Buy More Instruments 
@EloraPicson Underneath The Waves. Isn't that the song they used as a tribute to Kenji? 
Mothers LOL - RIP Virgin Megastore...Sad Day For Hollywood 
@Naughty_Dog Why oh Why am i at college 
Rise and shine Sleeping Beauty!!! It's a lovely day in LDN but I'm still stuck doing revision 
@Naughty_Dog No Way!! I'm guessing that can only be used once 
Is sat at college trying to catch up on work ( like hell am i ) People Signing My Leavers Boook  Kinnndaaa Sad Going To Miss You Guys xxx
Oh brilliant... 'thats all it is' thats all it is  Urgh. People really don't undertand.... Cheer me up xo
Just Been to doctors, Foot Is Healed.  Busy Day Today, Better Wear My Sute (: HAAHA But really just wants to give up  Wish Muff Luck.
Noooooo...........  Another 250 numbers to check       ~~Breaks down and cries~~
Watchin Iran Elections with Horror, Good look too all the protestors today!! Keep Safe!!! and Sky's Tim Marshall keep safe too!! 
Ate three 250mg caffeine pills plus a Mountain Dew Live Wire a hour or two ago. Now the crash is starting in. 
My son will be home soon,,WOOOOOOHOOOOO!! Its Super Hard Being Away from ur Kids 
@CathyMaguire Aw  Im Headin To Martina On The 5th. Wish You Wer There.. Gotta incredible Voice.. From Dundalk Too ..
@mrtrev Have a look on my Facebook, there's a pic of me playing Double Bass. I did own one. I want another. Really expensive though 
Dear Body, please work... I'm about to put Tiger Balm all over my Bum. So sore! 
Cloudy again. Really now? 
Just ordered &quot;Princess Protection Program&quot; and &quot;Jonas Brothers 3D&quot; off Amazon! No more birthday money left 
...My Mom Woke Up On The Wrong Side Of The Bed This Morning... 
Is Revising For Her Sociology Exam And Is Getting Confused :S OMG My Exam Is In 1/2 An Hour :O 
Time For Lunch I think. Then off to the other side to be shown this evil job that will make me stay late!  darn not having anything to do!
So Everyone Has Decided To Stop Twatting! And Heres Lil Ol' Me Still Twatting alone  x
Just Here Workin  Boring Or What?? xxx
Aaaaaaaa My Shoulders Are So Sore  Ft Sunburn
Ill Maaan,  Got The New Black Eyed Peas Album Playing Through.
Graduations. Funeral. Commencement. Job over (funeral?) NOT in Paris   You' d think I'd sleep
Odd! People are using my last name (TAYON) for a first name, I don't get it 
missed Super-Dooper-Yoga-To-Death Tuesday because of Sleepness First. 
Love Sux =/  I Hate Being Alone   Too Bad Most Guys Are Cunts (: And No Girls are Interested LOL FML! &lt;3
Having A Lazt Day Today  Really Board Help!!!!!!!!!!
uumm....  .... Being Single Again Doesnt Feel As I Thought It Would ... Work Flow!
@Official_Leon Voted For You As Mr Twitter '09 Leon ! &lt;3 Hope You Had Fun At The IOW! =] I Miss Youu  When You Back In Scotland? &lt;3 xxxx
Sob sob.....All accessible places for John Farnham Concert sold....   Maybe they'll have another concert. Think positive......
Day Off = Cleaning The House...So Not Really A Day Off Pahh  x
Armed with a Mind! I Can't wait for Have Heart in Toronto. Sad that it's their last show 
@Naughty_Dog Any chance of some more EU codes? Us Europeans are always neglected 
Just The Dogs For A Walk &amp; Now My Hayfever Is Being A Bitch 
@tastyt_raf hey boobie wass good?? Im Bored &amp; Still alil Down  But I Gotta Go To The Bumb Ass Office For Some Dumb Shit
@skinnydeets Hey MO! What's wrong with Mother Nature this summer?  She sure hasn't been nice to the Midwest 
So excited 4 River Riot August 16!!! Wish All my favorites could b there. Well most of them r except Adam. 
Pretty Ricky Grind With Mee On Chnel AKA .. I miss The  Lol; But Still I Love Sexy Spec &amp; Pleasure P
Stay the Night - Mariah Carey. Just got into the words. 
Hello Again! Today was a Nice day at school - Very Funny! But It's also a sad day because a good friends pet died today...R.I.P. Ceasar! 
Morning! Alot going on 2day. Started my day already and worried if @Daniwhitebricks and @Frankibee made it back safely... 
Helpinq My Mom Plan This Weddinq . Lockinqq In Type Early . POW. 
2nd 24oz Sugar Free Jolt Cola - fine tuning a micro-site for WLBT &amp; KAIT. Having to sub for a member on vacation - queue looks lengthy 
@ItsJustDi Demotion? What the?! Your standards are getting tougher each day. Kawawang Panda....  
@tokendomski Tell me about it! Gutted though as the exact same thing happened with a Bounty last week. Obvs not meant to eat ice-cream! 
@shadyp DAMN! I feel some kinda way about that! .....My Bad  Hope You popped the F*** Outta Some Models Last Nite!!!
Hello Today Full Of Fun But Poorly Adam 
@theinformavore you are absolutely right about &quot;Life Without People.&quot; Oh Bear City, how I miss you 
@NickkkJonasss I can't get the album today  But my favorite that I have heard from you so far, is Turn Right and Much Better (:&lt;3
Simon Rex's New TV Show Does Not Include Cum Shots  http://tinyurl.com/simon-rex
OMG!!! I Hate This New Twitter Apps Im Using! I Miss Twikini  Kiss My ASS PockeTwit!
@ Work...Over it Already!!! Why can't I be on a Beach somewhere  My Sad Face
Breakfasting w/Adam before he leaves for NY. Cue &quot;Saying Goodbye&quot; from &quot;Muppets Take Manhattan!&quot; 
@JosephDexter I can't find the Most Wanted Tour on LiveNation.com!!! 
@SgtGrit Aw..!! Isn't Boot CaMp Like The Saddest Ever For Like FamiLy &amp; Friends Of A Recruit? 
@RenRichards I knw Eastenders!! and there's Only Fools and Horses. Hey I know my stuff! Dont really like tho  More like a Torchwood girl
I Got .69 Cents In My Account LOL! I'm Broke  There's Nothing Funny About That
@distortionrock: fandom secret moment! Old Bones scares me. Like, really. 
So Were Back To This 
At Home Fixing Up My Textiles Folderr =( Got Loadss Tuu Dooo 
Doctor Who marathon! ...But they're all Nine episodes 
Arghhh! I Couldnt Grow My Nails For Marmaris .. Just Chopped Them All Off! Booo!! 
@PAGEawards Hey Zoe, so, you're not Typo or Format Police - but how about Logline Police? My entry is guilty of being more of a Tagline 
@TheXFactor09 Helppp! Lol! The Website Its Telling You To Go Onto To Get The Tickets Isnt Working!  x
Guess Im Going To The Pool Today  7 More Days!
@SayJayyx3 I Believe The Ratio Of The Gasmak Has Slipped That Way..Yes. Haaa He Was Mad At Me   In A Jokey Way Tho 
Forgot that today is Bloomsday. I can't even get thru Joyce's Portrait of an Artist As a Young Man...I'll never conquer ULYSSES 
Don't Feel Well  Gonna Be Sick I Think ! Finished My English Essay! Wondered around school for 30 mins when i was meant to be in Woodwork
&quot;Cassanova&quot; is on MTV's Is She Really Going Out With Him?... sad  #celebreality
@GabyTriana I think I am gonna ask Harper Teen for a copy of Riding The Universe, I never got my copy. 
School..Work..Tanning Tonight. Not really feeling that good today 
As a child of deaf parents, I know about this too well  --&gt;Wells Fargo Keeps Hanging Up On Your Deaf Grandmother http://bit.ly/6huaQ
Cant Believe I Missed Out On JB, McFly &amp; Demi Last Night...Wudda Been The Perfect Concert 
Finished my presentation for tomorrow at work. Made in Keynote! Had to export to Powerpoint unfortunately   Anyway... #squarespace
Realii Mad &amp; Angry Atm!! Cuz The Eoghan Quigg Gig In Buckly Has Been Cancelled!! Cnt Belive It,,I Was Sooo Excited!   
@NickkkJonasss I haven't gotten the CD yet  but I do love Poison Ivy and Turn Right. &lt;3
@PrincePoppa L0L... I Think We Gon Be Outta Town That Wknd Poose  But If I'm Hre Yu Kno I Will, L0L...
I'm taking Casey to get his 9 Month Shots.     My poor baby is already in pain from his teeth (3) Coming in.. Now Shots? Ughh.
First day of shooting Fantasy Factory Season 2! Maybe I'll get to talk on camera this season 
So does this mean im going to have to retitle the &quot;What's Kanye's Lesbian Girlfriend Wearing This Week&quot; section of my site? 
@hadleyk: In a &quot;Doctor Who&quot; kinda way? Because lately that shit's been depressing. 
Remember the &quot;Sick&quot; episode from The Young Ones? The one where there was nothing left to wipe their noses on? Well, that's our house 
@Brera4wl Yup End Of Bein At That School For 7 Years... Wish You Lot Were All Closer Then We Could Have Celebrated Properly 
Unfortunately I must ask, did Jewel write &quot;Life Uncommon&quot; or was it ghost written? Same goes for Aerosmith with &quot;Dream On.  &quot;Phooey!!!
Want to go to lady gaga Concert but need someone older to go with   Maybe ill wait til im a bit older 
Tryin To Cheer Up A Depressed Fellow .. But Seems To Be Being Dragged Down Instead 
@Brera I'll Have 2 See What Moneys Ive Got When I Get Back From Ireland! Would Like Nothin More Than 2 See Ya's Again 
Sooo Tired...I Love JB's New Cd &lt;3...Kinda Hungry Too...Gosh My Aunt Needs Help 
New Labs Blog - Using JavaScriptCore as the QtScript Back-end http://ow.ly/eq6H (via @qtsoftware)  // about 3 months too late 
Nooo The Spirit Carries On  #dreamtheater
Here with brittany,talkin about old good times. Gonna Miss These Days &amp; All My Friends &amp; Family  &lt;3
@DonnieWahlberg Awwww...Your Girls Can Take Care Of Those Boo Boos   We'll Fix Ya Right Up!!!! xooxoxoxox
@Impala_Guy Allow me to introduce...my NEARLY new pet  http://twitpic.com/7hcs2
@NathanLamont Not too bad thankss Nothing At All, Bored And HUNGRY  Lol What Bout You?
Fish and chips please!!! Bored!!!!! Hungry!!!!!! Tired!!!!!!! Dunno!!!!!!!! Want to go for a drive . . . No car!!!!!!!!! 
OMG! Gymnast Shawn Johnson Put To Sleep After Breaking Leg http://bit.ly/qZCDo #SAD 
And I've Never Wasted Any Of My Time On You Since Then. But When You Kiss Me Like That... 
@Naughty_Dog Missed the random EU code   Any more forthcoming?
Having The Most Depressing Day In The History of EVER! 
wow, joe completely wrecked taylor in Much Better. sorry taylor  but joe, i applaud your wrecking.
While My Heart Is Breaking...He Would Rather Be With Her Than Me  x
Hummm problems with Xbox-Live  So I watched Lost Great relaxing evening!
Wishes I'd bought tickets to see Take That in Cardiff tomorrow. Feeling very left out at the moment as almost everyone I know is going 
Chillin At Home I Am So Fckn Bored I Hella Miss High School 
I Wish I Was Rich But Right Now any Money is Good Money, I Haven't Heard Anything From The 3 Jobs I applied to 
Words Would Not Describe How Happy I Would Be If A Celebrity Followed my Twitter Or Even Just sent Me a Message Too Bad I am not Famous 
no one is on twitter anymore  ill probly sign off in a minute and watch I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Outta Here lol
Springfield mall's Hot Topic &amp; FYE closed!  Now the shity economy is hurting my feelings.
Wood Spoon Kitchen in Collingwood is now only open for lunch on Fridays                                  What about me? It isn't fair...
@tonicate10 Oh, I got it. TMZ. LOL Was this about him being on HBO with Joe Buck last night? I forgot to watch it. Hope it's On Demand. 
@Mad_Gab What did I do this time? 
@bobbyllew Have You Got The iPhone 3.0 Update Yet? Its 17th June Here In Auzland But Cant Download It  Prob Coz Its Released On US Time
Got into A BIGG Fight With My Prom Date .... I Guess I Have No more Date For Prom ..   ! Sucks To Be Mee !!..
Booked tickets to see the Herd. Sadly, New Kids cancelled their Aus tour.  Now, when it Nickelback coming to BNE!!?? (SHUT UP!!!!)
Darn I missed half of Im A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here 
I've also realized I've taken to emo twitting  I'm sorry about last night Twit Fam!!! Looking at all that stuff.. Knowing my life.. *sigh*
@jmorey Same here. Totally sucks. 
looking to convert oracle 10g + Locator Geometry data-type to Well-Known-Text. format.  It looks like only 10g + Spatial supports this. 
In Tha House, Sore From Working Out...Kinda Missin Special K, thinks hes upset @ me 
@Doogsta Just got news that New Kids on the Block are canceling their Oz tour! I was planning to relieve my teens with my girlfriends 
Awesome. Thanks Hasbro toy shop. You have Sunstreaker in stock but not Sideswipe. That's just wrong.   http://bit.ly/gliz
Vanity URLs on 3rd Party Websites Are Worth Almost $10 | SEO Book.com por que no se leer ingles  http://bit.ly/12YnXv
is Getting Ready for Sleep :/ English Regents Early 2maro Morning  Ugh TxT Meh
Sad That Leppard Didn't Win anything on CMT  
Dont Click The Link Below.. ii Did And Now They Advertise Via Your Twitter. 
I love &quot;I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here&quot; and I will miss it when it is gone. 
Sooooo Tired. Almost Finished Project 
@crissangel  I Hope Your Haircut Went Well Anyway. I Hope You Get Some Well Deserved Rest Too. You Deserve It 
Ahh man  Back 2 Work 2morrow!! DEF. Gonna Miss My Lil Man... G'nite To My Few Twiggas lol
I'm pissed off @gantzgraf for taking my disc 2 of Tom Goes To The Mayor with him to Texas for a week. I didn't finish it yet. 
watching True Life: I Hate My Large Breasts. soooooo glad I don't have that prob...I hate surgery 
WTF! I lost my shirt in poker...   BWAHAHAHA!  I didn't have on my poker face tonight! Next time fools!
- Home From My Trip To Alberta Now And I Am Sooo Tired!! Such A Long Drive Home!! 
Still haven't gotten Lines, Vines and Trying Times . They were sold out when I got to Target 
Just saw the latest Bremner, Bird &amp; Fortune and I thought &quot;Satire Done Right&quot;. Now sad about the way it's done in its birthplace -Greece 
&amp; The Phillies Fell Apart In Extra Innings  Irine Was like Lets Beat The Traffic!! Gotta Luv The D.D. In NIghts Like These Get @ Me
My face is sun burned '  tired as Fuck! So glad it's summer !  Time for sleep?
Sadness...Isnt Going Away...I Guess Im Just Not Meant To Be Happy 
@rachell16 i don't think they'll sell Live At Wembley  buying online's the best way. makes you feel like... so.. original. ha! i don't
Arrgh! I can't vote for Teen Choice Awards, cause I live in Norway! That's bullshit!! I' so mad right now 
Went 2 My Sis School For Like 3Mins  Pickin Up My Cousin Now
Straight On - Heart http://listen.grooveshark.com/#/song/Straight_On/14477253     Never got to see them in concert 
Pumped for the Soccer tonight. Go Aussie! Pity Harry's not playing though 
Having chinese food for lunch at Dim Sum Plaza. That gorgeous made of prawns, and I can only look 
Just checked and still no 3.0 software up in UK. Gutted. Really wanted to update iPhone before I went to work!! Grrrr 
@DonnieWahlberg  Speaking from my heart you guys are F***** Amazing! Getting teary eyed! O.M.G! You don't even know!  Sigh!!!!! 
Made gluten free chocolatechip cookies tonight. Just for the record -Totally not the same!  Vegan chocolatechip cookies even taste better.
We're trying to do a guild get together in September. Really excited. 21 people /signed so far. Dan said no hook-ups and no fiber. Sigh. 
Have to say it.  I do not like Final Draft.  Movie Magic is much easier to use.  Much.  If only it wanted to work with Vista. 
@mtgordon Hey, I've been to the The Long Room at Trinity! Alas, I didn't have time to visit the Library of Congress when I was in DC. 
Bored Lauren Went To Bed  And now My Hearts Broken Again.
@thfanvee Dear God, I hope not! D: That would suck MAJOR donkeyballs. :O wow I'm a real potty-mouth tonight. Must be the lack of sleep 
@kristen_bell  Please tweet at least once more, Ms. Bell. Although you do seem very busy. Caught you on Party Down last week!
Well another day ends. My Son Leaves for the West coast tomorrow...  Good Night People.....
&quot;There is only one sin, only one.  And that is theft.Every other sin is a variation of theft&quot; - a passage from Kite Runner..  
But Business Is Business! Maybe Im Not Cut Out For This  (Sigh) Ughhhh Why I Gotta Be So Niceeeeeeeeeee!
@SammyTheStrange Luckier still. I have two and a half years to go. 
@italytutto Well, am in Window's Safe Mode going a full system scan, so that's the morning blown   Keep me updated with b/band saga tho
@reqon Not good! Is it her first time with it? Chicken Pox can be bad as adult  Not Swine Flu then? Did you see http://sari.reqon.co.nz ;)
We say Goodbye to Steffi from our German Amazon Team Today 
Took The Day Off College To Catch Up On Sleep And Get My Feet Back To Normal Size. And My Cat Decide To Bring Alive Bird In - Great! 
Wanna Go Back To Sleep But Cant  Bloomin Cats!! Bloomin Birds!!!!
Had A Lovely Evening Last Night!! Cant Wait To See Some One Special!! Has Work 12-8  Cant Wait To Go Holiday Shopping!!! xoxoxox
GOing to Bed Soon! Nay Nay Is kinda Tired..Mind Racing..really Annoying..needs to stop!!! 
@WilhelmK Aww bb. Next time don't let him skip the preparation part. 
To Do: Go back to sleep. Steam brussel sprouts. Dance. Call Ann (2ish). Study lines. Colored Museum rehearsal @ 8:30. Dammit!! laundry 
@serendipitynz Mmm yes I had issues with Adobe Air the other day. Turned on application firewall and twhirl stopped. Quite obscure 
Back To Work I Go... Seriously Need Sum Breakfast First 
Grrr I'm awake at 5am?!!! Getting used to the tyme change blows...  still missing the philippines.... 
Ugh, It's So Freak'n Hot In My Room. I Can't Sleep  Whatever. I Guess I'll Keep Trying. Goodnight Twitter World &lt;333  [[ILYD]]
Shit, Shower, Shave.  Then work 
@pluggdin Totally agree. Living in HK - Here we've ads on TV all day, ppl with even the slightest cold and even no cold wearing masks 
Denied by the Chronic (closed) boo  going to try Taiwan - on recommendation by @patnourse. Hmm...touchscreen ordering?
@reemerband I Feel Abandoned!!! You Havent Spoke To Me In Ages  Ly Kayley xxxxx
I Really Wanna Do Monday Night Again. Even Tho I My Feet And Legs Will NEVER Recover!!!! Ouch 
Grrrrr Teachers :@ .... Is Chilling In Collage  Peed Off !! x
Rain  !! Finish work &amp; cozy afternoon with dvd me thinks!!  Chick flick or My Bloody Valentine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What To Do We Think My 17 Year Old Jack Russel Had A Stroke Lastnight  Hes Blind/Deaf And Im Really Sad Right Now........... 
Happy Wednesday Everyone!@Nicole1067 Holy Shit! I've never heard Kick Out The Jams sound so Good! Nic, he can't Leave 
Currently listening to Watcha Think About That. Can't write anything new for my tweets. Gah! I'm bored, and worried about school. 
@katweeena galing yan sa Chasing The Dream? Di ko pa napapanuod. I have no time now. 
just got emotional watching James Blunt's Carry You Home... 
@gabhustler Do I wana see All Time Low? Hell Yeah! Call me with the details... wish I was going to Demi's concert next Tuesday 
@softlipsniki I'm Scared Because I'm Getting Tested For Cervical Cancer Today 
Off To The Showers Getting Ready For Work....Bummer 
@barndrama  Maybe try swapping out for different X11? Like the Darwin .app one? Random luck dip of what else might stop working in X11 tho
@grmcall Interesting poll of the kids.  I remember it being so niche and geeky when I was small.  Mind you that was years ago.  
Bored Waitin On My Friend Coming To Mine &amp; Its Raining 
Ok...This is Pretty Unfortunate. I Need Someone to Do My Homework for Me, Internet Aint Workin and I'm Gone All Day 2day  Any Takers?
Annoyed As My Boyfriend Is 2 Hours Late 
I Abso Hate The Rain  x
@JyngleBELLE oh, dang. A little kid broke it?  yikes. Sorry to hear that. You work for the Board Of Ed. ?
I want my summer back. Sux to not be able to use the internet for hours on end. Much to do. 
@boncam Cool. Morne the giraffe next? So many options! Don't appear to have cricket on tv here in Oz tonight 
What a Nite...HATE Hangovers  Going Back To Sleep!
UGGGHH There's No School This Whole Week  Bored At Home
Rest stop. Bojangles! Rain  Currently playing: &quot;I'd do Anything for Love (But I Wont Do That)&quot; by Meat Loaf.  http://twitpic.com/7m7mf
Just went out to the coop and one of my chicks was dead.  Probably a raccoon got it.  Inauspicious start to the day.
Half My Day is Gonna be Spent Wit My Mom.....  ................LEts See How This Goes
Great! Already exhausted and its only Wed. Welcome to Hump Day.  At least I get to wear shorts down here in the salt mines.
@JAZavis Sorry I missed tweets. None are going to my Voyager.  Missed everything from yesterday. Missed Real Housewives. Will catch reruns
Yay 4 hols!  Boo for getting a cold on 1st day   Cancel'd all my nice treats &amp; stayed in.  Staying in is nice, just not what I planned...
@formerglory same here, pretty much the only thing I use Jailbreak for anyways is all the stuff 3.0 will do. Except lock calender. 
oh how I wish I'd got some warrior queens  but $ did not permit. However I await Spiked Punch. That should console me. #bpal
Super Easy Wind Power Generator For Home Use go http://bit.ly/Xnyntd :]Has a bad feeling about college 
What Type of Creative Geek Are You? The 56 Types http://tinyurl.com/ccd622 I am 18 of the 56 types. Thought I was a bigger geek then that 
Had to go to the Vet yesterday  Ear Infection AGAIN Hate when Mom puts ear drops in my ear, it tickles Friday I get my teeth cleaned eek!
Awake. Either my brake caliper is jacked or a rim is bent. Regardless I don't get to drive to ATL to see @tbsnewagain tonight  #sobummed
Heyy Twitter! Just Got Up From Some Nightmares......Slept With The Enemy 
Last House On The Left gets 1.5/5*.. Partial nudity gets 0.75 and gore gets the rest. Uncomfortably long rape scene &amp; VERY weak story. 
iPod's selection reminds me of 3 summers ago; Casey, My Fiction, playing Warped tour... Now my amp collects junk  http://twitpic.com/7mei5
Tired...I Feel Sick...Any1 Wanna Take Care Of Me? 
Promoted to Combate Athlete Program and hopefully having an amateur fight by 2010! Now off to the gym. Leg workout today  suckssss
I'm personally selling a Stevie Wonder lawn ticket for Atlanta 06/24 @ cost. Message @CarlyKane if interested!  So sad I'll miss it 
Oh Dear, The Weathers just took a step in the wrong direction! 
@Alyssia2617 I Hate Our Early Mornin' Meetings.....Ugh! 
@stephaniepratt He's Just Not That Into You has the best advice. Saw the US weekly cover &amp; I know how it is  Also, @perezhilton is mean.
@OfficialJoBros I love Turn Right, everytime i play it i cry  The rest of the songs are amazing!
Gots A Fever ... Going To Mom And Dads For Some Mommy TLC!!  Wishes I Felt Better!
@MollieOfficial Hey Mollie, was hoping you guys could bring the Work Tour over to Ireland  please come over next time!
Mornin twits. In hair &amp; makeup, than heading over to the set.  Sick as a Dog 
Fully Gutted Guys Cant Find Season 2 Of True Blood Anywhere 
So Dis Is Da Perfect Time To Take A Nap... But I Cant Fall Asleep 
I Just Got Icy-Hot in My Eye! OUCHIE! Where is my boyfriend when I need him?  I need to snuggle so bad right now. I hurt.
Is Social Networking Making You Antisocial? ::.. yes but the only safe way to make friends &amp; not being discriminated outside  @BuzzEdition
Matcharoonie Toomoro :] Yayy ! ...... Im A Goaly  Scaryy !! Hellp ! Zach Was Quite Good At Teaching Me Goalying xD Wel Rawk ! Fer Shure
@EviieXo #Amazeballs LMAO.. It Was On Perez Hilton &amp; Katy Perrys Tweets.. I Thought It Was Funny..  Haha.. X
Y Is High Skool So Fuckin Hard 
Bummed   Another night in hospital for mom.  Diabetics ... PLZ take care of yourselves ... causes TONS of complications I'm discovering.
@misscherryofsse Omg...Stop Talking About My Tan  *punches face*
@natalietran Whenn Aree You Gonna Make The Lamingtons Video. 
Work Soon   Need To Get Ready Now! Cant Wait To See Timothy Tomoro  xx
@MirkleyJo I did! In mansfield? Nottingham? Manchester? Where WERE we? Oh dunno sushi or Chinese. Veggie food lacks diversity 
Any1 Know Taylor Swifts Twitter Acctually Does Any1 Know I Exist :'( xx 
Make that _Anansi Boys_.  Where's my spelling checker!  
@buckhollywood I love Healthy-Choice! Alas, I'm stuck on an island with no $ so, Mug root beer for lunch 
@maliaSHUTup You Still Gon Be My Friend?! 
David Cook,Permanent is Number 1! Woohoo! SO happy for him.But i felt sorry for his brother.Rest in Peace. 
@stephhxatl last episode was GDWTW and this one is Everything I Ask For 
iPhone 3.0 update appears to be available? Instead of dead 'Upgrade now' it says &quot;Upgrading is Easy&quot; with instructions I can't do at work 
Is So Dissapointed Man My Mini-pool Sucks  Never Get Them They Will Just Upset You
@pasadoply I ate it, but with no joy.  also 1/2 turkey sandwich. Hurrah for You Pick Two at Panera!
@daveseaman I would bite your left arm off ot be there if I could 1) Afford it 2) Get There 3) Convince a freind to join me.... Next time 
Currently lathering my right shoulder blade in Icy Hot.  The mattress flip has provided little relief to my aching back.  
Hurting Got In A Reck Last Night  Loving My Babii
Its gonna be hard to top DT's performance as the Doctor. He's so good. Hard to believe he's leaving at the end of the year 
Urgh...ow. Just...ow  Going to finish off 'The Secret Scripture' then sleep. Up early in the morn. Off to dope myself up on painkillers
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Watch Satellite TV On Your Computer At Low Cost! http://bit.ly/MCXQMC
@Tim_Gibbons Why do you continue to make me jealous? First your MBP and now 3.0?! I'm a Jailbreaker/Unlocker so I have to wait longer 
So...It's Freaking Hateful Outside 
Is needing a part time job...Any ideas was thinking Data Entry..Since Im going back to school  Need more more more money
Help !! DS keeps biting my poor DD  What do I do ???!!!
@LondonDiva Angel Just Randomly Stripped Off Her Clothes..COMPLETELY!! &amp; Went Swimming In The Pool.. It Was Not Prettyyy 
Dinner Date  .... This should be interesting! Damn the rain mang I wanted to sit on the patio 
Just Got Off Work...Tired As Hell 
Gettin IceCream at Cold Stone!! So exciting. But first moms makin me clean 
Apparently, MM's Comedy Roadshow is in fact a rebranding of Live at the Apollo :o Looked at future ep comedian line-up... Not good... 
Bored i Can't Even Go On YouTube? 
YaY!! I've BeeN Out &amp; SuPeR Sad TheSe PeopLe Have SeeN Me Grow Up!! AfteR So MaNy YeaRs Bye Bye Lj's!!! 
Ugh, Laptop Charger Broke So Cant Download The New iPhone 0S Software 
i think what Obama did was wrong   Granting Some Benefits to Same Sex Couples
Did my camera really just die as I was loading pics of Sensual Steps? Man, F...M...L! Grrr 
I'm making a Get Well Soon card for a little boy with the Swine Flu. It's so sad, he's only 8 years old I think 
Havin a brew with Boscoe. What a long week. 7 straight days of work left to go. 
@kellypuffs Well, I got Shake To Delete working but it wanted to prompt me.  Shake To Shuffle didn't do anything for me. #iPhoneOS30
#Fact Im not Going To Work Today (I Hate My Job) 
I Miss You.. Is Your Birthday Tomorrow... And Im Not Going 
@oasis Where has Mr. Noel been these past couple of days? I'm missing Tales From The Middle of Nowhere already 
On the sofa watchin Most Shocking Videos on TruTV. My back hurts. @skylistic are u gonna give me a massage? Pretty pls w/sugar on top! 
I washed my car today. Too bad it took me an hour and a half  Next time I wont wait a year to do so.
@stephw87 http://twitpic.com/7nqw0 - Dam! No. His Follower's Status Thing (Lol) Has Gone Down. Its Back At 214,994 Follower's.  What T ...
Gonna try to watch 'MythBusters' and 'The Othersiders/Survive This' at the same time...sorta.  Gosh, I hurt... 
Almost home Bout 2 Smoke... Any1 wanna Join Sry Baby Mama I Know u Would  http://myloc.me/4dAR
HugeCrushOnBlackKeys ! IJustLoveThisSong.Oh.my.god. Nick.Jonas.Has.An.Amazing.Voice.And.The.Song.Is.Totally.Sad.And.Cute.At.The.Same.Time 
:awww @chrisblake now not sure what ur responding to.. Now I need @Radiant_Heart n @alitherunner booo hooo hoo 
Learn the Secrets of Building Your Own Solar Energy Check http://bit.ly/kW5PAm ^^Moving out and leaving Wallace 
8:45pm in Nebraska and it's still bright blue skies. Marquee on last gas station: Best Looking Cashiers In Lincoln County! Didn't verify 
All These People Sitting On their Asses, They Cme Up With A Date But What About The Features?? Very Upset Customer 
How Dreadful, When I Finally Have A Chance, The Worst Of All Happens 
Had to delete ESPN's iPhone app (Bricked my backup)...Come on ESPN! Please get this fixed 
@of_many_masks Have done! For some reason we can't get it out here, though. Closest place that carries it is 45 min away. 
@ahayes4 I Kno Right....I Was KInda Mad About That Too 
Can't Wait To Come Back To Cleveland To See My Friends Tomorrow But Really Don't Feel Like Driving 425 MILES!!! 
Got mistaken for a high schooler.. again. I need a makeover  Hey, I know!  TLC should do a new show: Ten Years Older.
I'm considering to drop Job Well Done,its story makes me frustated..I watch it because of Chae Rim &amp; the little girl, now I want to stop 
&quot;Hey, Crash.. n e thing NOT funny 2 you?&quot; -- Lack of sleep. 
at home, waiting for L-- to get finished working out so we can watch another episode of Mad Men.  Only One DVD left.  
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Trading Forex Robot Makes Making Money A Breeze! http://bit.ly/ixXcGv
@xDaisyBabyx I Was Puttin On A Concert But Only Like 2 Ppl Was Requestin Songs 
Enjoyed Magic Hours with Magic Holz!!!  Still no Toy Story ride, tho! 
In Da Crib The Past 2 Days Sick  Hate Bein Sick Hittin Up Secrets Friday Or Grabbin A Bottle.. Class 2Morrow UGH!!{Classy Bitches On Deck}
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,How to Watch Satellite TV Without a Receiver http://bit.ly/BUwpfZ
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Double Your Money in 30 Days With Fap Tubr Forex! http://bit.ly/Gn82C8
Trying To Really Be A Bitch To Certain People..... This Is Alot Harder Than I Thought 
RE: ExpertBlogTipsCan You Re-Engage Nonconverting Traffic Through PPC - http://dwarfurl.com/d2a78... link not working 
Beau- New lead singer of Bless the Fall (Band where @caige was at) is at Whittier  If only..
@Simon_Pegg Have you read his book As Used On the Famous Nelson Mandela? It's ace. Wish I'd finished it b4 I lost it. Bugger 
Reading How Facebook Is Affecting High School Reunions. Mine is in July in SF. Can't go  http://trkk.us/?anS (via @guykawaski)
@beauknows You suck!  I wanna see you at Uptown. OMG. Have you met fans?! Go to frickin MarcoPollo's. The punks &amp; stoners are there lol.
Dodgers Lost  We'll Get Them Tomorrow. Gonna Chat It Up And Wait For Conan Too Start. I Need To Get Rid Of These Weird Dreams I'm Having
@DancinDiva69 They took Stay With Me Baby out for some reason 
How I Feel About Everything! Without You Wanting To Ring My Neck Just Like Everyone Else! Truly Sorry Lovely! Will You Forgive Me?! 
Gentle raindrops on the windowpanes are like a temporal massage, lulling me to sleep.   Forget sleep--I'm still putting grades online!
#iPhone Copy&amp;Paste: Someone calls from a number I don't know. Copy number &gt; paste to a website to find out who it was. Still can't do it. 
Made some poor choices at Monk's Kettle. This gut bomb is destroying weeks of hard work.  
Oh Man.... Dis Sux... cant go On Bebo  I Guess It Was My Own fault ...?
1,I'll miss you  &amp; Carrie 2,Never Pay for Cable or Satellite Services Again! http://bit.ly/urGRBG
Night World...........Hope I Dont Toss And Turn Tonight. 
@ddlovato Great job with the new song, kid! If your Boston show wasn't the same day as my No Doubt/Paramore show in NJ, I'd be there. 
I Miss The Performing Arts Center So Much   Its Like Theres A Place Inside Of Me Lost. ://// I Need To Be On Stage
Dear Friendly Readers,  Hello, and good-bye.    I've become fond of you!  I wi... Read More: http://is.gd/154AP
@One_Bloody_Poet Actually under normal circumstances I'd totally be the one to argue that, but I'm so not in the mood to do this now 
It's Almost Time to Go ... Just One More Week  ... I'm Scared ... It's Been Like This For Awhile Now ... June/26 Is When I Turn 17 That's
cant believe she missed an opportunity to go on a submarine  Next time captain
VH1's Save The Music doesn't serve high school kids  But they gave us good leads! Anybody have an extra trumpet?
@fretless74 it didn't make me cool  I learned my lesson. . . Next time I need to steal an iphone and get on facebook.
Drinking Tea Wishing I Could Be Outside On This Beautiful Day.. 
http://twitpic.com/7p1x0 - Lightning Storm From Earlier Was 1337. But All The GOOD Weather Missed Us 
Long Ass Day!!! Video shoot went nice! Keep y'all eyes open for Doll Phace and E40 'Damn Right' my body is so tired 
Our Newest Poster Child  We have time! http://tinyurl.com/lrkqln
Crap theirs a science test tom. I'm to tired to study  :| ugh. Before I sleep I guess I'll study
Can't Wait For The BET Awards... I Wish I Could Go... 
Watching Evermore @ The Capital. Waiting to, anyway 
My Dad Keeps Waking Me Up At 10 Every Morning... I Can't Wait Until He Goes Back To Working In The Mornings...  xo
Whoever said &quot;Good Things Dont Last Forever&quot; was ...... right!!! 
Listening To Sad Love Songs  A Drop In The Ocean - Ron Pope x
Plan - Do housework while waiting for Gas Man, Reality - Played on CPU, PS3 and watched Firefly while waiting for gas man. I suck 
Is Hoping Her Wish Will Come True But , Everyone Denies It !    I Want MY Wish To Come True SOO BAD !! 
FREE Fourstar jacket courtesy of Spike Jonze! Really wanted one of the signed Where The Wild Things Are decks though 
@HannahRobertson Vintage Turntables.  You'd have a needle/cartridge problem. Find a DJ Supply store. My TT is digital. Too lazy to record 
Woke Up With A Swollen Ugly Eye!! 
No Net At Home! I'm Alone At Work  Anyways... Met Tariq After 10 Years!  And My Kuksypie's Leaving Tonight 
Im At Work Being Pissed At A Coworker!I Want To Punch Him In The Face But I Like My Job So Thats Out 
@kellygirl27 I think I am going to the ATL Celebrate Freedom show over Labor Day. Now way I can make TX next weekend.  Same artists or no?
Bored   Just talkin to my Friend Mac!!!
Is Trying So Hard To Get Her Assignments Done by Tomorrow, But Not Having Much Luck!!!  
@ChasL [ 10 Real Life Networking Tips for Tweeters http://bit.ly/14I4EQ ] This link didn't work for me  ...could you check it?
I'm Focusing On Just My Friends Today.. This Is Gonna Be Hard To Say GoodBye 
No more R.E  Bring on After Virtue!
Greatt .. I Have Piggie Flu And An Exam Tomoro  So Ill Get Blamed For Making All Of Year 11 Sick ..
I lost my Filipino Homework. At ang masama, di ko naiintindihan yung story! 
Rain Again!!! What is going on...This is the most depressing June ever 
@Wossy I have On More GCSe exam left  And Then I got A levels  Old people Have it So Easy!
Morning, No its not good. Its Raining In NY AGAIN! Startin 2 Feel Like We In Seattle! Mother Nature Is A Bitch. I Hate Her, I Really Do! 
Will Try Twitter Another Time, Back To Work For Now 
lmao i just installed CitiesXL and Logged In and &quot;Servers Are Down For Maintenance&quot;  #CitiesXL
All done with the exam. Next is biology 
I Seriosly Need To Clean My Life! Gotta Get Ready For Brighton! But Seriously Cba 
GAH! Need.Money.For.Camera.And.Lighting.And.Lenses.And everything...   
@RODDYBOTTUM Hi Roddy! I'm suffering and waiting to hear Evidence Spanish Version at the same Spain!! No Dates here??  we dont byTE
Bored, Home From School Cos ii Finished My English Exam (N) Didnt Go Too Good 
My Phone Is &quot;Out Of Order&quot;, So If You Have Been Tryin' To Call And/Or Text Me Since Around 10PM, Last Night, I Was Unavailable! 
Wht if I didn't hv to go home bryan?  I miss you &amp; all of them, pismo beach. Puff. The bus. Your eyes. Everything!!!!!!
Super Aggy. Today would be the day that i have all the paperwork i need, just for the office to be closed on Thursdays.  Not looking good 
@DrRickClayton  You have accurately described the type of riding I mostly pursue. Sadly Perf. Bikes doesn't have a store in Fla 2 ship 2 
Long afternoon out on a shoot. Quite tired. Early call time tomorrow  Gotta be up at 04h15
Coldplaying.com says: Sorry, the board is unavailable at the moment. Forum Maintenance In Progress... 
@JasonDottley OMG! It's really you!  I'm in Des Moines   Loved the movie and the series on Logo!  Would love to see more!
Loving The New Moon Teaser Trailer ..Its Makin Me All Excited..Soo Long Away Tho..  !!
@AsifKhan412 Next week will be sad times for us all! 
Typical Glasgow, Ment To Be Summer And Its Absolutly Pissin It Down x I Hate It  x
Just left @betalabs pad, Watched 'The Take', Awesome! Now on my way to see @tiffanysabrina before work, really don't want to go 
*Sob**Sob* Should go to uppal to get my Unicorn registered. All weekend plans down the drain 
is watching The Girl With The Curl I miss Hodgela 
FREE Fourstar jacket courtesy of Spike Jonze! Really wanted one of the signed Where The Wild Things Are skateboards though 
@MoTancharoen So, jealous!  I wish I could see it!  Bet it kicks butt!  Wish it would show up online  
@kalpana_nair Goodie. Say my hi to A. And ask her to stop ignoring me. 
Its Raining Just Now  But Im Going To Work At 4:30, Thats Not Really Good Either, But At Least I Wil Be Out Of The Rain  &lt;3 xx
Sorting Out Holiday To Turkey, depressed at canon rock because sweep picking is insanely fast in that song 
Life Sucks, Then You Die 
Was About To Go Out And It Started To Rain So Decided To Stay In! 
Oh my God. This girl I just had a meeting with was so fit!! Blonde. Big boobs. Awesome. Sadly has 2 kids though.  boo.
Cleaning.... Reading.... Trying To Stay Sane...... Danny Leaves A Week From Today 
Watching Dark Knight with my kids... Today was the last day of school! Whoo hoo. Such an ugly day...  
@MG62 Marcus, Its Raining, Again!  I hate The UK. Doing much tonightt?...
frys.com really needs a lesson in customer support.  Every damned CSR gives me a different answer, and each one changes my order  Jerks!
@Ines Well, I was talking about the 3G S.  But, not sure about Miami in Sept now.  Out of vaca days.    Unexpected trip to Zimbabwe
@vikashthakur Sure. Everytime... I had so much fun.. But am sore that I missed Duathlon coz of Work 
Stuck at work  would rather be with Guildies filming BTS.. Luckily I have a BTS assistant who is shooting for me. I hate missing the fun.
@lorimoore All Of My Pets Either Died Or Ran Away 
@getlikeV Nuthin Mann Bout To Go Out In The Rain  I Dont Wanna But Skool..U Kno How That Go..smh.
iPhone 3.0 + Faster Camera /Where's the Video? +Voice Memo &lt;3 LandScape SMS  Wish Home Screen was too.+Snappier Transitions! Go Update NOW
Crabtree Just Left My House And I've Only Slept For 4 Hours! Mood: Tired And Sleepy, Think I Might Take A Napz 
Life Is Really Gettin The Best Of Me..... 
Sad story  http://bit.ly/12eKFx  - via @TheOnion - Gymnast Shawn Johnson Put To Sleep After Breaking Leg
@DrummerGrl Haha! Of COURSE I'll reply to yer email! Tomorrow... Lots of DIY today. Tired...  x
Making some betty crocker Complete meals. Soooooo hungry from last night's drunk night.  
From Comics Alliance &quot;The Best Megan Fox Picture Ever&quot; http://bit.ly/zwZa8  I feel bad for this sweet British geek 
@rhyolight Tell me about it  Something is deffo wrong with Time Machine. So insanely slow on trivial amounts of data. Box grinds, CPU idle
@NSSteph  I want to play No One Knows!
Woooo Hoooo Last Full Day Of School. My Baby Is Growing Up 
@hypermaniac_ Can't Find it   He Promised us He Wouldnt Leave Until We'd Gone. He Better Come Back to See Us!
Gymnast Shawn Johnson Put To Sleep After Breaking Leg  ..thats too bad, i liked her  - http://bkite.com/08DK0
Jodie Fraser Is Just A Bit Bored  Thinkin Bed An Dvd!!! http://tinyurl.com/l444qf
@brapbrapjakeere Oh My Dayz!!!! i Wonna Go Up There n Find her! But i'll Probz Just Get Lost My Selff  aah
i'm starting to get a stomach ache...  and i'm watchin' &quot;Sunyy With A Chance&quot; lol hopefully the pain will go away...
http://twitpic.com/7qd2m - Rain.. Bad For My New shoes  Good For Dads Tomato Plants!
Cousins Graduation Party, Buy Tickets For The LC! Show At The Fonda Or LACMA? I Can't Decide What I Wanna Do I Need Some Help With This! 
I'm Wiith My Friiend And Its Raining Here .. Sa Very Suck 
@mirabonzai I'm sorry guys.   But July 26th is Bring Your Dog to Work Day - So you can fight over who comes with @rpesch and @llevy.
Off to Lala Land (So Cal) !  Drivin drivin drivin.   6 hrs my guess 
Doesn't Know If I Should Make My Wish Come True Or Stay With This Crappy Unknown Life 
@koko_brown  Foreal Man no Lie It Was Sum Crazy shit Goin On Last Night  lol but ill let you know Later
@nickjonas My Only Birthday Wish Was 2 See You Guys In Concert And Now That Wish Might Not Happen  I Know You Probably Wont Reply But Yea
@emmmyj I wanted to give you a hug this morning.  I love you, Em! For real!
Mexican food, check. Haircut, check. Invitation to old freinds wedding... Well we can't win em all.  congrats keith.
Saw Jonas Brothers In London On Monday Was Amazing!  But Missed The Last Coach Home And Was Stranded In London All Night Damn 
&quot;Invalid Friend ID. This user has either cancelled their membership, or their account has been deleted.&quot; oh 
@elanatjie Sorry to Hear that Elana  Sending Sparkely Vibes Your Way maam
Headache. So. Painful. 
Hmmm Thinking 2 Myself Gettin Shoes 2morrow I Saw These Burberry Loafers But Wtf 2 Wear With Them 
@wendywonderfulx What's Going On!? I Kinda Can't Do Anything Until my Mom Gets Home;;; Because Of Faith 
Yesss, Got My Download Limit Back, But i Have To Go To School Now, Fucking Hell 
Awww No The Season 5  Of Desperate Housewives Is Over 
Grrrr! Reverb!!!!!  will I ever be as good as Jonny Buckland? Maybe I need a jazz cigarette like the one he had in &quot;Away Day'!?
Sudden intake of food, no we don't want that. Reject! The cramp 
Listening to &quot;Almost Lover&quot; by A Fine Frenzy ... beautiful and so sweetly sad. 
Stephanie Pratt Tells MTV News &quot;The Hills' Did Not Make Me Bulimic&quot; http://bit.ly/n4wL4 BETTER but still &gt; half the story is missing 
@JimNorton Come to the Hard Rock in Tampa!! We get shit for comedians over here besides Louis CK once a year 
Made it to Dallas...  NYLO Hotel is KILLER!!  With my honey were here with me...  
@adamgamb Shoot Post July 4th Please. P.S My MacBook Is About As Dented As My Car 
@kp_ @BreanneStorey How was Gears and Beers last night. Wish we could have came 
turns out Psychoville was anything but great. Disappointing-felt like an episode of Murder Most Horrid from 10 years ago 
Well, I'm home, holiday is over.  Was great craic! Roll on 3rd July! Hope you are all well. Off to zzzzz now. Nite all x
@whoelseKrissy Oww ! Get Em. U Spellin My Name Wrong Mama. Its MalcolmChi. You Leavin Out The Second L 
My arm is not good today, it's very sore and it makes me limp. Getting medication but that makes me not feel good.. Woe is me! 
Boreddd Had Another Boringg Day  Going Bed in a Bit Tired Like Shit From Doing Nothing :L
I'm torn. Modest Mouse? Yes! The Sound Academy?  Noooooo 
New Blog Post Always Tired...   http://tinyurl.com/n49dhg
@BooshyBAD Ur Funny For That.....how u gonna Play me  Lol
My Bestest Friend= Xeniesha :]  Nicole left!! She official left to Chicago!! So Sad!! 
So Mad That im Not Goin To Britney Tomoro 
Feeelin Pretty Shitty. All She Had to Do Was Txt me once to remind me why i fell For Her. Why Must She Fuck With me like This 
All The Beating Drums, The Celebration Guns:  http://bit.ly/16PNeS  Another notice from Iraq     via http://twib.es/98M
Am Sick  Am About To Cry! I Feel A Tear Drop Coming Down From My Eye! :'(
Whens &quot;Every Part of Me&quot; gonna leak 
Escalade Sold Today  (Voice Of Trey Songz) &quot;I dont want you to leave, But you gotta go right now&quot; Memories of Ohio &amp; Whats Her Name! LMAO!
I have an assessment tomorrow, and this time I'm getting all nervous... Darn you Shakespeare! Making me lose sleep! 
Head Still Hurts Along With My Neck And Back... Great Gma Said Those R All The Symptoms of A Cold in its Beginning Stage... Uugghhh 
I'm Seriously Dying With Hay-Fever  Not Good  The Pollen In This Country is Too High lol
Havnt read all tweets todaii  Im so tired n grouchy!! not a good look. Better be off....Times like these...For i am still blessed. ~~~ x
Noo School Todayy. Waiting Forr Myy Boyy To Come Home 
@ToccarraSincere  Karnitia... What r we Doing 4 my Bday!? I can't celebrate with out my BFF!  Miss u!
Me and My Besties! Last Day i seem them  Till next sept. http://i44.tinypic.com/xaqn8w.jpg
@AmyAmy_BoBamy I just called Tom. Realms Of Pretending To Be An Elf Guy. Yeah. There was a legit reason to call. Not legit enough though. 
@cuddlenic101 I've Always Liked That Song. I Just Tried To Find It Online But I Couldn't  But For Some Reason Princess Diaries Reminded Me
To all......I'm done Twittering......My Last Entry::::&gt; You can put the &quot;Salt&quot; away now... 
Is Mucho Mad At Family Cause They Wont Let Me Get The itouch That I Have Been Waiting 4 For LIke Foreva!! 
Im Making A New Song Too! But I Only Have The First Verse  I Cant Seem To Get The Chours Down Oh Well I'll Get It Sooner Or Later -Tori
Yeesh. The Fashion Show might be the first Bravo show I stop watching since that horrendous Step It Up and Dance mess with Jessie Spano. 
Yup. Total sausage fest at the bar tonight. Old ugly sausage. 
Sean has come down with the swine flu  not going to make it out to @modernhotel tonight, everyone have fun for me! Next week fo sho!
@ShiploadofWilco Grrr. Finally back from vacation. Went to RSVP for SocialLuxeLounge BlogHer party but not accepting new RSVPs now. 
Caught tail end of Buffett show on Radio Margaritaville. Mostly same show as 1st half of tour  Off to write songs.
Mayne, @JanetEatWorld said that My Mommy Only Loves Me Because She Has To...&amp;&amp;Only When She Wants To. She's So Mean. 
Court Rules Convicts Have No Right To DNA Tests &quot;wow ur screwed&quot;   http://bit.ly/1GBS18
Theres A Bee Hole By My House!!  Im Scared
@pratty86 Hey My Gorgeous Cousin! I am going to miss you so much when you move to California!!  Be safe and have fun ... Love You!
Giving my 2000-2008 Playlist a whirl, on right now is Jessica Simpson's &quot;I Think I'm In Love With You&quot;. I miss 2000. 
Dammit, Dropped A Game Changing Catch &amp; We Ended Up Losing. Eating Mcdonalds Shall Do Little To Boost My Self Esteem  Made Playoffs Though
@hawt_shyet yOu gOtt it imma Lay dOwn On my pLanet mattress.....iDk How it caMe dOwn tO Me aNd yOu But yOu Win!!! 
Jus got off stage! Extra 30min set 2nite  it's all good though. Even longer 2morrow. BB King's Orlando 6:30-1:30 Wknds r that real wurk.
Wifey Just Left  , Damn . No More Good Love Loveing In The Morning . I Miss You Baby -
Watchin A Man Apart .. When Vin Diesal's wife dies it's so sad 
@djtechnocrat For job?  What's up?  It's OK.  Traffic is so bad though.  You get trapped in the area you live in or work in. 
@lookitsjennie Remember the show when you threw the coke can at the girls trying to cut the line? Holy fuck I miss you so much 
Sigh.  Offline now.  Maybe I'll read or something.  Curse you Maddison.  Reminding me of apples. 
  http://bit.ly/18xobk Five Guys Locations Closed After Visit from &lt;em&gt;Inside Edition&lt;/em&gt;'s 'Rat Patrol' @dcist
I realized why I hate middle-schoolers. Grow up, you little pieces of &amp;*@$.  I'm pretty mad if you can't tell, Whatever. Audition-2 Days!
@Lady_CAD Same here.  Still tired as heck. Approx. 250,000 people?! I wonder how much trash was on the streets after. :/
Jus Realized The Reasoning Behind U Not Wanting Me.......Itz Bcuz I'm No One 
Coletta's and No Country for Old Men. Being desserted tomorrow.  That makes me a sad panda.
Not to mention, Operation Deal With The FU'd Car Situation. 
Ha just to clear this up: I'm not talking about P.Even though he is my bestie and he's really sick right now  Get better cuntboy! Beijos!
Jus Realized The Reasoning Behind U Not Wanting Me.......Itz Bcuz I'm No One{Important}  Or Not In Ur &quot;Lime Light&quot; 
@thecobrasnake Is the Socks Clint shirt REALLY sold out? http://bit.ly/v0712 Meow  Btw- wearing old Key to Success from Paris now now now
...Im on that Jack Nicholson from &quot;As Good As It Gets&quot;-type ish. OCD is NOTHING NICE to have. True Story. 
Finished watching Pushing Daisies finale and True Blood Season 2 Episode 1. I'm sad pushing daisies is over. 
@rarebre3d Homework?? Woops I Do Got Sum Of That To Do  Alot Too *sigh* Its Hard When U Been Out For like A Year
Down in the casino tipsy trying to hit a Royal Flush!  My niece is going y To laugh at me if she sees me like this 
@AllThingsFresh Dang, took long enough.  I thought he was supposed to be on Beyond The Break tonight.
@SUPERskimzYUUUP Boring Without Ci Being On!! 
@SUPERskimzYUUUP Boring Without Ci Being On At Tha Same Time!! 
Grab your deck and let it flow this Sunday folks, coz it's Go Skateboarding Day! - http://bit.ly/EJ8Ot - Too bad my knee is busted. 
Tired :/ And Getting Ready Waiting For Straightners To Heat Up 
Who Wants FREE! Internet Marketing Trainings? Going once...Going Twice.... http://www.BecomeAnOnlineGuru.com  Ok Maybe Noone 
@Y2Amber Meanie. Of course I would love some. Please 
Bummed that I will miss @amandapalmer play the Union Chapel. What an amazing venue - and only a 5 min walk from my house! 
Anybody manage to get @MLB #atbat live streaming working in the uk last night? Kept failing at the blackout check for me 
Hi all followers. Today involves flu. Fun  Must get better for my weekend of carnage coming up. I feel weak!
Tomorrow should be a good day: Golfing at my Favorite course, (Kapolei) Then getting my iPhone 3Gs! too bad IOL SAT Prep ruins it though 
@leannenufc Poor Ribena  But eh, I'm sorry you're feeling grumpy. *hugs* Anything I can do to cheer you up? Poke a Mackem? Lol @ Eminem?
Ordered the Iphone 3G S Black  Yay! Probably have to wait 6 weeks now 
Third Eye Blind fix via MitP! Had Good Karma Cafe in person, no &quot;pork&quot; buns   still yum then @deannelima's now Nightmare Before Christmas!
@flyguyloso Cuz Hes Sleepinq  So Im Up Protectinq Him While He Snores The Sun Up.
Jus Realized The Reasoning Behind U Not Wanting Me.......Itz Bcuz I'm No One{Important} Or Not In Ur &quot;Lime Light&quot; 
Quick update - still can't get ubertwitter to work . Off to Worcester for Aunty Lynne's funeral  Poorly dog - that's my 3...
Our midnight picnic got crashed by a cop.  Next time we'll be sneakier!
4000 Updates.Didnt Think This Day Would Come.Total Twitter Whore  Any Psychologists On For Twitter Addiction Diagnosis...I Love You ;)
Great Softball Game We Won!!! Almost ran in to lil david  awwww wish i did.
@ShashiTharoor  For e.g. Tatkaal Passport scheme; so many unnecessary documents for people with genuine profiles n clean records 
Good Morning! All Over The World! What's Up? xD lOve ya &lt;3 and Miss Very Much 
I Think Its Finally Time To Shut Off The Computer &amp;&amp; Turn My Phone Off For The Rest Of The Night.. I Have A Bad Feeling About Something 
Chipped my tooth! OMG. Going to denist. Pray for me.  aaahh
@s4r4hk1ng  don't have Voice Of The Beehive on my iPhone need to rip some more CDs this weekend There's a barbarian in the back of my car!
@roguestampede: Yes, forever. Hmmm. Theatre.. Tough life in sg. 
@MelLuvWestlife Dont Think She's Willin 2 Trade Peppa Pig 4 Westlife  But I Want 2 See Nickyyy!
@shaundiviney Send The Main Link 2The Chat Coz its Not Working 
is up early....Between the cat racket INside &amp; the tnunder, wind &amp; rain OUTside, I guess my night is over. 
@andyclemmensen Haha U Dont Know How Many Times Ive Pressed F5 In The Past 20 Minutes  Deeeeeevvvvoooo ... I Still Lov U
&quot;Hardly Home but Always Reppin&quot;... back in sb 
Please Go Away Rain  Last Nite Was Shit i Hate My ex Boyfriend who dus e think he is grabbin me lik that :@
Ahhhh man Couldn't Zzz tossed nd Turned All Nighg Now Heading To Work its Gonna be a long Day Wat Are You Doing? Tweeeet 
Don't #followfriday @fudgecrumpet because his new avatar reminds me of the water-torture scene in Die Another Day 
@ZacktheWolf LOL  Actually, trying to write something for the Crazy about Cloud contest, but I've hated everything I've written so far. 
I also wish I could have attended the @bwbconference. Next time 
Has Just Woke Up Feeling Like Rubbish 
@kristawheeler Sooo... Tomorrow Modest Mouse tickets go on sale. And I'l defff getting one. You should too. presale tix already sold out 
@danslee Love It Prob better managers but his enthusiasm &amp; SFC status would add 1000s to the gate. See him more as DoF. Now being denied 
'The Pains of Being Pure At Heart' has eased me through my very busy last 2 weeks... almost the weekend, oh wait... i'll be working 
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean : At World's End. My head aches from watching sitting on the floor. 
Sooo Ill  I Feel Like IM Going To Die ..
GoodMorning Tweeps  I'm sooo tired..Ughh Dat Trey Songz Is Remindin Me To Much Of U Ed &quot;/ Just Like Neyo N Everythin Else! Blah! 
Made it! Very sad this morning tho ... First casualties are evident... Lost 2 of my fishies.. The emerald Cory and the long nose catfish 
I had exam today. Next week - another one  .
They're Gon Expect Me To Go,My Stomach Hurts Feel Lik I Have To Puke!  Let Me Get Ready Ugghh Hot 97 is Makin me Sick 2 Same songz ova+ova
The Rain Killed My Internet.  So Off To Work...
iMovie Crap: The Event Name can't include &quot;/ . * ?&quot;  WTF? Is that Windows, or what? Shiny Cocoa World... where fragile Paths rule 
@rainnwilson &quot;Up&quot;an amazing movie! Hey I love the Office but here in Venezuela we are just at the begining of the fourth season I think 
Heat Wave: A Summertime Mix : NPR Music http://ow.ly/f0us (via @joycegarcia on Facebook) Warning: No &quot;Summertime Blues&quot; on the list. 
Is Bored And Wondering When Things Are Going To Look Up, Driving Tests Are A Joke!  &lt;3
Parentals taking Jet Ski out 4 1st spin of season- so Im taking care of Tess. Wait! The dog &amp; I both have life vests, y can't we come?!? 
LucasArts not planning to update more Monkey Island games http://is.gd/16fL7 . Why @lucasartsgames why!? 
Another day, another boring Con Law lecture   Somebody please take me out of my misery lol
@jamie_oliver really envy the winner...    ...Next time i will mustmustmust be the winner!
Saw an external 1TB Hard Drive for Rs. 5k today. Quite affordable but I don't trust the seller 
@HershyGurl55 AHH!!! You have a twitter!!!! Woohoo!!! Boo for bed rest though   But yay for Food Network and Jimmy Fallon!!! Feel better!!
My wifes old roommate just hit the freaking lotto - $46 Million. Seriously six degrees of separation sucks. We're still broke.... 
@arcayae @inlovewitharmy Yeahh, blahh.  Next week, yes? 
Cant Wait To Get Back Training .... Havent Played In Like 3 Weeks Because Of My Knee 
#FCXP09 looking forward to Forrester Customer Experience Forum in NYC. Sorry to see their tweet-up is over booked 
Got Woke Up At 3:15am ..Who The Hay Is Making That Noise !!!  2 Nights In A Row Now....  Won't Be 3!!!! 
@georgesampson Rrrrrrrrrr Gutted I Missed You At Liverpool  x
Is Angry. Grrr. Cleo Bit me today.  Hangouts at Noon. Party at the Docks apparently Tonight.  Then Back Home for some Halo. 
I Am Still At BPA NLC In Dallas, Texas. I Didn't Make Finals For My Event  Ow Well At Least I Made It To Nationals. Six Flags Later 2Day!
Bored. Again. Playing a different variation of Bejeweled against Sarah. She is winning though. 
Yeah! On the plane! Next stop St. Maarten, Dutch side. Can't tweet from there. Too expensive 
Hmm, Apple Store out of 32gig  Should be back in tomorrow. Wonder if I should book a personal shopping appointment with @eightlab ?
Sad News. The Georgia Theatre in Athens caught fire this morning. The roof has collapsed. 
@PradaDaKing &amp;&amp; I Left Him He Went To Werk At 6:30am 
Good News - I Didn't Have To Do My Detention   Bad News - I Almost Blinded Myself  x
So Hungry I Can Hear My Stomach Over The Movie 
Omg Sum Wan Help I Cant Find My Friends Page On Twitter 
A tortilla company is offering free samples for review on Heat Eat Review. The Mexican in me says 'Woo!' but I can't take them. 
@tommcfly Lol! I Really Wanna Go To Your Forest Concert In Notts But Cant Affored It!  Bummer! xx
Hubby having hard time of it though. Making himself one big ball of stress which isn't good because he can't switch off in evenings... 
A Fine Frenzy - Almost Lover ... - I love it! 
@NettyNotAChance I ddin't get to see The Hangover.  BUT I did see The Land of the Lost. Awesome! Even as Chalka, Jorma makes me smile. ;)
Modest Mouse at the Wilma 9/04!! Now.. why can't I buy tickets? 
My Hair Is A Flippin' Mess. I Deserve it..No One Told Me To Chop It ALL OFF!! 
No Ask Erin Live today Tweeps... I'm sick and doing quiet projects from bed.  Sometimes I wish I could take a &quot;sick day&quot; but clients await
Just Woke Up And Wants To Go To Marine World But Dosent Have Anybody To Go With 
Shame my only follower was a stupid job site  Y not someone like Barack Obama? LOL Keep dreaming Keya
@AdamWoodyatt  Hello, Adam Please Tell Me If Any Young Cast Have Bebo Or Anything Pleasee.. I'm Sick Of All The Fakes And Impersonators 
But I'm Serious Though I've Never Had An Orgasm I'm Really Feeling Left Out Guys.. 
@IAmJericho Getting something new? BTW you did Rock Long Hair Really good.. I tryed getting one, but my stylist was Booked today. 
It's Increible How Someone Forgot U Soo Fast! 
listening to McFly makes my day! except for in Going Through The Motions where they say that nasty word  Christians dont like that haha
Hulu hates me today. It sticks on the first ep of Kingdom about 10 minutes in.     Grrr!  Also, my phone has some  crazy static going on.
@DVDeMm Want my Amazon box to arrive.  Probably Royal Mail playing football with it!
@JRFARGAS Man That's What Everyone Is Telling Me 
Book ended up being a real bummer. Liked one relationship, hated the other. Overall, pretty disappointing. 
http://twitpic.com/7ttsd - Mixing Wonder Girls' Nobody and 2PM's I Hate You. Had to start all over again! 
I need new episodes of Torchwood and Doctor Who and Pushing Daisies.  And I'm gonna be done with Nip/Tuck soon. What am I going to watch?!
Annoyed!  trying to edit and label my photos and my computer keeps freezing up  ...Help! What's the best desktop for under $1000 for PS?
Tomorrow Sonisphere (Metallica)! Expecting rain  Expecting beer  Check:  http://bit.ly/XPacm
@KELLY__ROWLAND Im 4rm ROYAL Leamington Spa, RIGHT In The Centre Of England. Its Small  I Get Regularly Told Off 4 Blasting DC 2 Loud! LOL
Reporting for a long-term story, &amp; joining Mayor Booker to watch Land of the Lost at the Newark Screens tonight. My kids can't make it 
@yv3tt392 Nuttin Much Been Kinda Sick  How Bout You Stranger What You Been Up To Lol
@theIanMcNeny Negative, Ghost Rider.  Just another reason to get the 3GS. I sure hope they have 'em in stock when I swing by after work..
At work. Today is cold but I gonna to the cine with Jess for some fun. Want a Starbucks's coffee. 
God!!! Its Too Damn Hot Here In Mississsippi!!! 
Can't Believe I Just Missed 8 Out Of Ten Cats 
Update on Eli. They tried inserting the feeding tube but once it hit his throat he started gagging. Napping now; will try again later. 
@Girly923 Re: UP! I KNOW! I was crying reading it, but so glad Pixar was so compliant. Seen Up!? What a great last movie for her to see. 
I was so bored today; I read half of 'Philadelphia, Here I Come!'. Finding it kinda meh. Sorry 'bout that, Brian Friel. The truth hurts. 
A Little Dissapointed....   But I'll Try Harder Next Time... While That Happens... I'll Enjoy The Vacations!! ^^ (H)
@LRayMarshall So I lost  The Crew @TiffNic25 @IamIS @brit_grooms is hittin up Freight&amp; Sundial is cash bars 2...what u doin shawty lo?
Why doesn't anyone want to go see Up with me when it comes out?!  Grrr.  This is how I missed out on Bolt for so long!  
Anyone Know Anything That Sorts Out The Flu Really Fast?? I Need Help 
@N97Geeks Without giving your ideas away, why do you want to do what you're going to do to it then? 
Take out in and out burger... Desperate times - desperate mesures! 1 housemate in San Fran, 1 in NYC.. All alone this wknd 
Shazzy Went Offline So Sad  No one To Talk To
Remember to enjoy the simple things like a sunny day. http://ping.fm/m6EnQ Putting my Shakespeare hat on for our last weekend. 
Its So Boring When Yer Grounded All Yeh Can Do Is Sleep  x
@MichiraW In my fast days I used to drink everything! Had a special drink called &quot;sex wit Lil Magic&quot;! Now, I prefer Merlot. 
So Whats New ? I Died My Hair Last Niqht Im Not So Bleached Blonde + I Missed It Already 
@HollyRachelB Good Look At Hospital Holly. Shame You Gonna Miss The Concert  x If I Catch Owt Of Dannys I'll Give Ya It. Get Well Sooon x
Quittin' Time! It's the weekend! Still wish I was at PNC Arts Center with @petarij seeing Jack's Mannequin though. 
2nd Day With A Fat Swollen Eye!!  It's PaiNfuL!! 
2Day Waz Graduation It was Fun But Imma Miss Ma Friends  
Singing Make It Mine - Karaoke Version Again. Huge Stomach Ache + Yearbook = 
I suck! Recording vmail and didn't notice how fast I was going!  Big fat ticket.EPIC FAIL!! So embarrassed and mad at myself! Boo! 
Em has been sick lately, but today has been bad. We are at hospital now. Waiting for more test results. 
Dog Had To Get Put Down Today Thought I Wouldn't Cry Buh I Did Can Yhu Blame Me Tho Had The Dog Since I Was Born 
Thought They Were Indian, They're Middle Eastern, So Ignorant. My Baad! But Their Food Is Great! I Miss Nigeria Now 
I didn't bring A Walk to Remember, that makes me sad  ugh
Omg My Phone Is Crap, Its Been In Repair Numoras Times, Its Slow and Freezes, Worse thing is i cant exchange it until october, Help Me  xx
@Starbucks  Win a chance at Starbucks VIA instant coffee for a year. Entry form here: http://bit.ly/X84ui ^MG ... What about Canada? 
Hubby Is Either Working Or Asleep!!!! Maybe Ill Fit Into His Equation Sometime This Weekend.........  Boo
Bored;;; Empty House;;;//Slow Day;;; I'm Bored &amp; Alone; Where Is Everyone!? 
MarLey Is SuCh A Bad DoG!! I'd Hate HavinG A DoG LiKe HiM!!  He's SuPeR CuTe ThouGh
At Home Chillin I Think I Broke My Shoulder Ouchhhh!!! 
Dear Smart and Final, You've become...a grocery store.  Confused, Sarah
Waiting for Ramsy to come pick me and my sis up... Heading down to Arlington to bbq at Jermz house. Nope, not Danas house. She aint there 
Ugh. Taking Out All These Bum Ass Clothes.  Dont Wana Do This Just Want HIM. MMB More Than Ever
If You Thought I Would Wait For You, You Thought Wrong...Monday Will Be The Last Day I'll See You 
@rahooligan Let me know how the Flying Lotus gig goes? the lineup is SO sick. gutted i can't be there  not worth a chappal from my Mom! ;)
finally got season 4 of Prison Break on DVD.. Oh Scofield.. I miss you.  lol
@mileycyrus Trying All Day To Get Tickets For Your Show In Ireland .. No Hopee  Worse Day Everrrr
@samara_cully First: You went shopping without me?  Second: Slutty Teacher Outfit? Are you still trying to date Megan Fox?
@tommcfly - The Master System!! Alex Kid built in baby!! Built in!! No-one builds stuff in anymore!! 
@DavidArchie What happened to Spongebob? Oh no   The Bird of Paradise video; posted on FOD. haha
[ http://bit.ly/vK9JU  ]. Titled 'Jealousy'. That's just mean. 
Ughh Hungry cuz Monet Lil Cornell Didnt Share The Food!!  Hehe..
Just found out that The Dudes are on before Said The Whale tomorrow night at Reverb + I'll likely still be out at Edgefest working. 
The Notebook Is Officially The Saddest Film  Just Bawled My Eyes Out Its The Film I Have Most cried At !!!
@RC__ I Know You'll Miss Me  Uhh Idkk. Hit Up Mauricio Or Something. I Dont Caree.!(:
@LaLaLori I can connectonline, but I'm not home.  Next time buddy.
Re: Previous Twitpic...The answer should have been NO. Sick within 30 minutes 
#dontyouhate When You Start Babysitting Well-Behaved Kids And A Couple Hours In You Realise Why The Other Babysitters Quit 
@DamezDollas Im Sorry Damez Man It Was Too Much Goin On . iGotchu 2mm Tho Well Thass If U Want Me To Come 
Grrr. Trying to download a book onto my BB from Mobi, and I keep losing connection. Sometimes living in the sticks is a pain in the rear 
-&amp;&amp; Wonderin Why This Is So Hard Furh Me, Buht It Doesnt Seem To Faze Him At All 
Ate @ The Bunnery.  Yummy.  Now back to the room to pack.  
@OFFICIALFTSK Awww I Know It Says To Fly But Darn This Economy  Ill Be There In Spirit. Rock Out And Show Em' How We (Texans) Do!
Took a shower. Left towel on bed. Again. Bed.s soaked. Ugh. 
Dang...Now it's Our Lady Peace...  I think I should shut up now, but I feel like tweeting up Bailey's phone. D
Dropped My Phone Today, It's All Scratched Up Now 
Suddenly missing Whose Line Is It Anyway?, I wish Starworld would do WLIIA marathon.  I need my Scenes From A Hat fix.
CUrrently I am Typing On This Silly Computer While My Boyfriend Is Working Third Shift 
Just finished Eclipse!!!! Read the teaser &amp; absolutely CANNOT wait to get my hands on Breaking Dawn!!!! What will I do when its over!?? 
OH: Me: It wasn't a Trending Topic so i don't know what's going on!   {i'm very much ashamed this left my mouth..&amp; yet i tweet.. lame}
I'm watchin Aaliyah perform Try Again on VH1 Soul......*sigh* she was the best  
OH: Me: It wasn't a Trending Topic so i don't know what's going on!  {i can't believe this left my mouth.. my lameness hurts}
Great. My WHOLE iPhone is filled up. I have get rid of 1 movie  Billy Madison, The Breakfast Club, or Sixteen Candles. . . POOP.
@Gee_GeeXD  What You Mean? We Haven't Spoke on The Phone In Weeks.
UGH My Hubby (soon to be) Is 1,000 Miles Away Going To My Home Town And I Am Stuck Sleeping Without Him 2 Nights In A Row 
Okay. Failure to jailbreak using VMware. Waiting now for the Windows tools. 
@Gee_GeeXD  My Feelings are Hurt. Lol Goodnite. We Should 4 Way Sometime.
Conundrum - quite tired, but no point sleeping as would have to be up in a couple of hours anyway. Which would make me grumpy. Bah 
Wet and rainy @INRIX outing, today. Still, great fun! Met my S.M.A.R.T. golf goals   Dropped my team to 2nd in putt-off   Sorry @kushp
@Pointblank1914 Really not much u can do for me from here lol! Maybe some encouraging words... 
Dose Not Want To Go To Summer School 
Still up? - m4w (Southern NH) 25yr: Just got back to an empty house  Come cheer my up? Women only. Pic a must.. http://tinyurl.com/qa7xno
Blame Clear Channel! They're killing smooth jazz. And they killed KKSF 103.7.  #fb
@xraytid Watching Gottis Ways. Being bored with my life 
Bored Outta My Mind W/ Nobody To Talk 2 
@RobKardashian http://twitpic.com/7vorb -  in the Pic the Shirt Looks White! Take off the Flash!! I wanna see the Inconspicious LakerF ...
What The Hell Happened? That Was All Kinds Of Creepy 
Beware shipping  Beware! The shipping for this item is a whopping $25.00!!! A hefty sum for a six do http://tinyurl.com/myjer7
@DASBUNKER Present on Twitter. Unfortunately not at Bunker  Shame On Me!
Richard Feynman: The Last Journey Of A Genius.  http://tr.im/p8AV Great documentary, renewed my appreciation for science, but sad ending. 
Weird... Its supposed to rain tomorrow.. Coincidence? Meh 
is about to pass out at a host home in Redding.  Only two more days of Common Ground Tour '09 left!  Sadness!!  
FRIDAY... Home... Alone... So sick  ugh right now.
Reading Florida Today. Not much in there to be happy about. Tough times in E Central Florida 
W00t 3rd beta Item Out! Check out the Post! 2nd To Post It! Pandanda Gang beat Me 
Ugh!!! I HoPe My Eye Get's Better SooN!! SpiDeR BiTeS AreN't Pleasant!! 
After over 3.5 hours, there is only about 15min of &quot;Backing up iPhone 3G...&quot; remaining. Hooray! Then I have to restore all my shit. 
All Sore  But Am Happy Cos I Get To See My Doggy Tomorrow Wooooo  Missed Him Lots
@baileysbo NoPe I'm LayinG DowN IdK WheRe @MrFiliG Is At? I Got BitteN By A SpiDeR 2 DaYs Ago On My EyeLid!! 
Omg, so addicted to Fate / Stay Night. So sad at who died in episode 14 
I Was Like WTF It WoKe My Ass Up For Good!! LoL I Just Want To Get Better I'm GoiNg On To 3 Days Now!! In 3 HouRs LoL  FuCk SpiDeRs
Wishing I was even REMOTELY near the ocean for International Surfing Day  There's not even a pool here. Damn Iraq.
@georgesampson When is the BGT tour goin to Cardiff ? Really Wanna Go 
Tina Ann's New Song &quot; LOL &quot; Sounds Really Weird!  But I Enjoy it!
I like @tweetdeck on the Touch much more than I did on the PC, but it keeps crashing on me  Especially if I open links.
Can you believe I had never seen Gone With The Wind? I just did and I loved it. But the ending was so sad! I hope she can convince Rhett 
Hey Hey Twitter World Hows Yu All? Wot Yu All Doin? Im Bored  Gettin Crumpets And A Hot Chocolate xD brb
Awhhh, Know Wayy!! I Just Burnt My Toast It Was The Last Piece Of Bread Aswell! 
Not Happy That I Had To Put My Username Backwards Due To Someone Else Having The Username 
Watchhin BB Cairon Is Out  Shame On yOuu Peoplee !
WheresThe Sun Gone?! Its Summer Andd The Sun Is No Where To Be Seen  Bad Timesss lol
Disaster! Oh how horrible. Knew I was onto a bad start. First biscuit of the day collapses into the cup during dunking 
10 Benefits of Rising Early, and How to Do It | Zen Habits  http://bit.ly/nwY2f   (sono anni che ci provo, cazz....) 
Grrr.... Staying back...  Heavy rains... 
@BookRambler Only one or two  Have you read Nick Davies's 'Flat Earth News'.
my ipod just ran out of battery i was listening to Turn Right-Jonas Brothers aswell 
Im Having The Most Laziest Day Today! Cba With Nothing. Gonna Spend The Day Watching Films (Y) Got A Head Ache 
Carnt Believe I Spilt Curry All Down My NEW WHITE Shorts Last Night 
@jemima_blue Awww, Trace, why aren't you at the Summit? What happened? 
In House Alone  Mum In Glasgow .. Went To See Take That Last Night In Hampden. I Was Supposed To Go ..But Nah! Sat With Munchies instead!
Is Very Bored, Tryna Do My Homework  Boooo x
(N) Horrible British Weather Todayy  Going In 2 Town Later Shopping Forr Shoes &amp; Stuff For PROM  x x
Lot of cleaning to do. Going to have my aunt over...   Boring Day But HEY!!!!!
@LexiePixie Oh hun I am so sorry to hear that   **Super Big Hugg's for my Friend  I feel really bad for you .......Huggs Again
@dannywood.. I would love too but gotta go get the hair done   Next time?
Returning The Sims 3 for a ps3 game. Maybe Call Of Duty 4 but my computer didnt have enough memory 
My Brother Is Being An AssHole. Meanwhile I'm Going To Universal 
@foodbuzz Logo designs due Jul 7? That means no new info on event til after that? Bummer. Planning w other travel &amp; need to book flight. 
@NoUse1 Guys! Why no festivals in England this year?  Reading Festival needs you!
Work again til about six. Nap til about eight. Study as much as I can. Sleep. Go to school early and study more. Then two tests. Awesome. 
@laylee_k Same here! Except, i spend my money on clothes and shoes. I've been planning to get a Blackberry for four months now 
My god.. I just sat through The Wedding Date... What the hell was I thinking! 
@changibedsheets ROFL. Perfect. Also, R wants to be a super spy. What about me? 
Well got in a case of Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans and all but 3 bags are sold &amp; shipping back out! Will have more mid-July 
Heartbroken cuz the Twilight Alaskan cruise is sold out.  Why didn't I book it when I had the chance, oh yeah..hubby said NO.  crying now.
Oh noooooooooo. Mono sore throat is back. I thought I was done with this  Worst. Timing. Ever.
Is Getting Ready For A Whole Day Of Maths Revision 
I'm Missing Jessy - I Wish He Didn't Have To Be At Work Today 
Great day yesterday - Shopping, Catch up with friends, &amp; Movie night.. Now back to projects 
Eating Trix... Remember those? I wish my mom bought lucky charms. 
Away Out... Nothing To Do 
OMGNESS! My Ym Status hasnt Changed For About A Month Already 
Angela Gossow . . . Blood On Your Hands ~Arch Enemy . . . She is not in Twitter  . . . http://tinyurl.com/krcdc6
Man I Wanna Go See Disturbed Again `Music As A Weapon IV` Is Awesome I Heard 
Aww, only the super awesome @Airborne_Toxic Event vid for Sometime Around Midnight is on iTunes. Not the whole album  huwwy up Apple!
omg, Avril Lavigne's song &quot;Nobody's Home&quot; is soooooo sad.   Specially the video, it's really good though.
Fuck's sake. Why can't A Day To Remember come to Belfast? 
Pissed Off That Some Azzzzhole Wrecked My Car Last Nite!!    I Dont Know What To Dooooooooo
Gosh Its So Hot Out!!! 
@ddlovato Yea! Me Too! But I Had To Get Up.  My Dream Was About I Guy I Have A Crush On.
Good morning! Last day in NYC and it's raining  I need some coffee or a smoothie. My dads in Dallas where the JB World Tour kicks off!
Good Day Folks! I have a little tickle in my throat, which means a cold is brewing  Anyway, Music Choice channel 857 is rockin right now!
Grounded For A SERIOUSLY Unfair Exit At School. Seriously Angry :@  Peace.     x
Good Luck To All The People In Iran!!! 
@PblctyNghtmr Are you nuts!? Nestle dough raw FTW. Yum! However, Ecoli + recall of said dough FTL. 
I Need To Talk To Shauna... 
Finally inside. Orch G, 45+46. Here's hoping my usual luck doesn't hold and I end up with a short child in front of me. Woes of the short 
@SharnaLouise95 Awww I Go Trough The Same Thing.!!! I Dindt Get It Too 
@buzzbishop why? Green not your colour? Seems a trivial reason to unfollow considering the reason for the green. 
Just Got Up To Eat. Then Goinng Right Back To Bed. Feeling Forgotten Much 
@SharnaLouise95 I Get Pissed  Cause I Want That CD.!
@ryanluong  Lateeeeee. Around 6 ? LOL. Woah you're up? Pretty early for you. Omj I'm sick  I might not go to mmvas
Work at 7. Till Midnight  Then starting at 8am tomorrow 
Hi evryone! Still stuckin AZ while @dhardinger1 is in Santa Cruz  2day I had a FreeSale - Its a Garage sale w/o the garage or the sale!
@ddlovato i'm sick and home alone plese talk to me  Plese Dem I'm From p.r.
@Josephine_Seven Where u going?  I don't get 2 see my dad or my husband for Dad's day  Maybe next week.  Have a great time!
Nothiing To Says.. No Sun . And My Day Are Very Suck !  !
@ProduktLizzy Me too! Horrible feeling. Almost as uncomfy as waking up with your shoes still on. Which also happened this morning. 
Just phoned my boyfriend to play the telephone outro to Britney's 'Don't Go Knockin On My Door' to him and he hung up on me 
Another Rainy Day,  Pissed At The Moment. &amp;&amp; BTW People Need To Learn How To Mind Their Own Buissness.
Really Wanna Join A Street Dance Crew Wiv Jaz  But Cant Find Any Where I Live  Soooo In 2 Dance Rite Now lol Wooooop *Bounce.. Bounce* x
On My Way To The Hospital Tweets Me Fever Got Higher  I Really Really Sick!
@mondayxeyes http://twitpic.com/78ll5 - My Hot Topic isn't having a listening party for Nothing Personal  The latest listening party t ...
Bummer thought I was going to sell bag today and buy iPhone 3G. Guy was super late. So left. 
Tried 2 watch The Godfather II but fell asleep  Have 2 go 2 bed early tonight. Doing the Montrail GWTS Trail run no. 4 tomorrow. Yeah!!!
@Willie_Day26 Tell R.Kelly To Stop Ignoring You Like That! 
@MollieOfficial I Wanted Tickets For Your Brighton Gig...But I Was Too Late!! 
No Key West   But ill be Strutting My Stuff on the runway tonite @ Dream!! Come Check me out!!! @400life!!!!  www.glamfurs.com
Upset...So I got huge lunch!!! Bad! #NoteToSelf: Never eat again until death!!! #exaj much... 
@jfdm http://bit.ly/IXppF  Forgive Durden - Razia's Shadow     it tries to be a musical 
Crap. iPhone 3.0 upgrade erased my Lose It! data. I need to re-create recipes 
@Rhyy You don't know Independant Woman :o 'I buy my own diamonds and I buy my own rings!' Shameful 
@RealLamarOdom Lamar!!! Do You Have Girl Championship Shirts? : D I Wanna Get One Like The Black One But Its For Men  Bummer
Just Back From Dublin With Jenny..Was Sooo Much Fun Seeing Me Old Mates Again...  Missed Then Soooo Much  hehe x
StartN To Feel Sick To My Yummy Tummy  ! ...Pepto Bismo Please...
Ugh Fell Off At Horsee Riding Landed On My Head Soo I Couldnt Doo Thee Show Jumping  Gutted Much Mate
dropped my laptop yesterday and lost my Hard Drive! All of my papers and schoolwork from college was LOST! Why didn't I back up? 
Thinking Off Cuttin My Hair...   Thinkin Of A Good Tatto To Gttt
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/7xor6 - Shit!!!! Nice Hotel Thingy I'd Kill To Go There! 
Is Waiting For Him Too Call Text Her Buh In The Back Of Her Mind Knows He Wont 
@LittleUK Nothing big really. Was disappointed.  Keep an eye on Sway, the UK's best rapper who has a big Summer anthem / pop hit coming.
Munchin My Way Throught Coccy Clairs  Why Do I Buy These Things ??
ATL Rollergirls.. The Sake Tuyas are losing pretty badly at halftime.  Everytime I glance at the penalty box, 3 or 4 girls are there!
Laura &amp; Eve Here Today Was Raining Again....   We Went To A Gala And It Was Fun   Staying With Eve Now   Anyway More Updates The Mora
going to help my mother-in-law buy and set up a new printer.  The backyard dance is off for tonight, on account of the rain.    Next week!
sitting here at House of Video. Going to watch a new horror film Zombie Farm. This rain sucks. Want to be home sleeping. 
The movie, Up,  made me very sad. Totally not what I expected. Good, just so.....so terribly sad.   My heart hurts atm.
Ja, das stimmt. | Katy Perry - Thinking Of You. 
People in Dallas r soooo Luckkyy!!  well Have Funn to whoever is Going to Jb's( and Miley's ) Concert!! 
@baybeauti510 I'm Sorry To Hear About That. 
Iam In Need Of Some Moral Support Now 
@BeerAdvocate aww darn missed you guys!   Had a blast at the #ACBF, though. Sure I'll see you soon... Hair of the Dog, perhaps...
iis Thiinkiing If She Wants to Make Youtube Videos Lol;;Probably Not  and iis Excited to For toniite
Trying to go to sleep while listening to Use Somebody - King Of Leon. Wish me luck 
@SchoolhouseReck Oh gosh, I'm coming in late. Don't even know what Police Squad &amp; Planet Earth are. 
F'n Pissed! It's Been A Week Since 06.13.09 &amp; Idk Where Da F' He Is! 
Hello? Anybody there? Ass: NC at Work 
Video: Poem For The Rooftops of Iran  --&gt; http://bit.ly/11xtD7  #IranElection
Miss Tivo in My Room. Getting Ready, Baby still hasn't appeared   Have a good night everyone
Who brings a little boy into a scary movie when Up and Imagine That are playing? And Ice Age 3 comes out in less than a week! 
Big congrats to our Weight Loss Challenge contestants! Every1 did so well! PS - Gippsland have taken the lead in the Twitter war! 
@Btica Hell Yea! I Deal Wit People Bitchin At Me Wit Hella Traffic Behind Them. I Hat When That Happens. They Be Callin Me Mean Names 
Big congrats to our Weight Loss Challenge contestants! Every1 did so well! PS - Gippsland have taken the lead in the Twitter war! 
Hmm Bed times me guess. Slow Non productive day it was. 
Closet doors are too small for the opening. Package says 32. Really measure at 31.5. 36 will be too wide. 
'Another One Bites the Dust' and 'I'm In Heaven (When You Kiss Me)' are songs I have great vid ideas. Alas, no time. 
I Lost My Phone Last Night At My Aunt's House!  It Could Be Anywhere!  
Working At Pool Early It Was Fun. I Wish Could See I See Stars &amp; Our Last Night  &amp; Emarosa &amp; Burden Of Day &amp; Broadway tonight At mojoe 
@yaasika sooooooo jealoussssss! Next year for me 
I miss The Blues Playing!  I cant Wait For October!
Bored...Nothing Fun To Do...Sucks 
I Have Musical Practice Today Tooooo.. Ahh 1pm Till 4:15pm. Im Ready To Die Now ... 
Fucking hell it's hot in these plants. Outside temp: 91.8 degrees, Inside plants: about 5-10 degrees hotter + humid to boot. Eff my life. 
My feet are asleep. Seriously, Worst. Feeling. Ever. Ahhhh! Pins &amp; needles. 
Finally Finished Piano Pratice. What Else Do you Want? Your Mum Shouting At You because You Played the Wrong Note!!! 
Sold Out - The theatre is packed!  I do rather like the back row though.  Just wish Baz hadn't been crying when we left 
@Midnight_Dawns I cried in Pay It Forward 
Is Leaving My Aces Side Tonight  ...... Boo Loving :-p
Yay it's my birthday! Already 18. Err but I was so disappointed. 
Finishing up my THE homework. Oh the pain without my Permanent Marker.  Had to use my Whiteboard marker. I can say that its not as good.
 R.I.P. to my ipod, officially. Dang. The battery actually smoked (trying to fix headphone jack). Sucked it up &amp; ordered a new one. Blah
Missing My Soul Mate And Feeling Really Lonely Right Now 
Happy Babah Day.. Hope You Get Well Soon 
@OdaRygh How did your and Lindsay's late afternoon/evening/night turn out? Mega jealous.  Wii Fit is awesome though!
How does one become a Father like that of the prodigal son...  Patient, Accepting, Forgiving &amp; Loving?  So far to go!  So little time! 
@Elisa_Detroit Girl!!! U changed your name!!!! No more 3D   Your still SILLY Soaker!
Wonderful. Another thing I just screwed up. 
iLOveYew Titi . Come Back frOm flOrida  . Ill See You In July . Atleast Were cominq back the same day &lt;3
@Lolicitation Me Too Man Just Had Some Beans  Still Have The Song Bonkers In My Head.... Ended Up On My Own Tonight  Some random Guy
Finally home but with no luggage  Traveling should not b this difficult.. I jus dnt understand y people have nasty tudes.. Aaaaah!
@Runaway38 No, I just googled and I think I know why. Mine's an iPod Touch. It's free for you guys but not for me. Bummer! 
@Miss_B_Having Getting tired. Half hour to go before driving home.   Good to see you though, perked me up a bit. ;-) XXXX
Guys and Dolls closed??? Already?? I wanted to see it next week!!! Nooooooooo   ;(
Is Having A Bad Hair Day!!!  Any Tips?
Uploading Fridays Riff..Yes we know it's Saturday!  Please forgive us.. it's a good one! Everlong by The Foo Fighters!
@KimEllis @WesFif @BlackBillGates The Rich Kids Weren't Invited? 
Havent watched E! News in a while.. maybe I can catch the 10 o clock show. (Look at Clock) opps. shit. too late 
Now You See Them, Now you dont  Duffel Bag full of @nowyouseethem shirts has gone missing (around Bobo's)
via @Ian_Hackney: Hey! 95% Online Marketers Fail!  Did You Get YOUR Free Attraction Marketing Training? http://bit.ly/N71Pg Tweet Soo ...
Kinda Irritated...Wish I Had Someone to Brighten My Mood 
My Allergies Are Kickin My Butt With So Many Animals Here.   Gotta Catch My Nose.
worked from 8:45am-5:15pm , Did My Nails &amp; Feet , Washed Clothes ..I`m Extremely Tiredd So I`m Sleepin 
@the_or have fun without me  Next time ill be there bitches! Bout to jam out to the 90s at flors thanks to @taunibauni!
@PrinceSammie Hell No!! Don't Release No Sex Tape It'll Be Bad 4 Ur Image 
Man Grace tell me why I gotta pay 4 parking at this Telly dawg!  That's means the TWAT aint free' But the big Willy Is!!! No rainbow
Arrgh!  More &amp; more people are starting to call me Anorexic everyday.. Why? Just because I eat healthy and AM skinny? Fuck off fat asses!!
Well going to bed !! Must get up early  but Goodnite Everyone !!! Thanks again LindseyMadonna .... Have a Safe Trip !!
I came in 2nd in a &quot;Basement Games&quot; Tourney.  Now I feel ill 
Worst. Headache. Ever. Eating McD frenchfries. Why does my head hurt so much 
Stayed Up2 Watch Friends &amp; Its Not On  Luv, Noelle
This is fckd up. I miss him ! Next weekend will not b lyk this one. I wanted to c him today! 
@itsaldo Awwwww....  Well... I Mean The Evening Or U Still Gonna Be Gone?
Smh!!! @ Myself For Dealing With That BullShit!!  Ugh work early In The Morning. .
I uploaded a YouTube video -- No Video For 3 Days  http://bit.ly/jqENV
I just finished reading my last book until the end of August   It was The Dark Is Rising by Susan Cooper.
Lovin my mom being here with me.......hating my knee being so weak.  Laid up on the couch.  Really don't want to have surgery 
Back from Brazilian BBQ Rest. The food was OK, but the price+forced_tip was a shame. Felt bad to have suggested it to my friends 
I Miss My Daddy! Sux That He's All The Way In ATL..I Hardly Ever See Him...Now Im Gonna Cry...*tears* 
@xxxWhiplashxxx wish I coulda gone   Next weekend, hopefully!
@Diznee Thats Whats Up!....So Lemme Ask U Sumthing How Am I Following U And U Not Following Me?  ...What Part Of Da Game Is Dat??? lol
Girls Can't Catch - Keep Your Head Up &lt;3 ...man i wish Girls Aloud hadn't finished their tour already 
Okay I lied. Talking to Joey then going to sleep. Work at 2 
Crap! All my sites on one host are down! Thanks Voda Host! Looks like my Sunday just got busy solving technical issues. 
@olafsearson Powerboating. Will probably miss F1  but good to be out and about. Missed The Lions yesterday as well.
Looking For The Right Time To Get Rid Of Tope But For Now... N 
Okay...So I Got Tired Of Posting Pictures Up...Might Do It Later...I Cant be bothered Doing Anyuthing. 
BoreD At Home .... Seems like i'm gonna loose it ....  And the Temp. outside is crazy HOT 
@DonnieWahlberg Why are you not performing Stay with me Baby? I am sad... 
@midwestguest Oh man, I wish I could go to Blogher.  I'm missing Blogging While Brown too!   Tell me what happens!! And have fun!
@ambiiomfg Once My House Arrest Is Over 
@Dismal_Moron You gotta love that 
Just finished reading New Spring: The Novel. Prequel to the Wheel of Time books.  Pretty good. No Tam sadly  .   http://bit.ly/30LgN
Ahhhh...!!! Error 01 on my 5D Mark II , What happen aya naon ya ? mw cari Lithium LP-E6 di JPC Kemang jd batal dehh 
UGH!!! Madd Sick!! Yuck Duck  Causing Insomnia. Just Finished Downing Some Robo. Got My Runway Practice Tommorrow. Hope It Goes Away!!
Missin someone special. Already 
My Throat Has Just Got A Whole Lot Worse  Arghhh!  HATE BEING ILL! :'( This better go before the 11th july or i will cry :'(
Gutted. For 1st time ever I missed a speaking appointment   90mins standing still on the M25 due to an awful accident.
Why am I watching Feed The Children.. I know i'm going to get emotional 
I want Sharks hockey back! Sign Gustavsson? All depends on what he wants, I suppose. Also, disappointed that SJ Stealth are relocating. 
:| Maybe This Wont Be Such A Great Day After All 
Iran Election Crisis: 10 Incredible YouTube Videos!  http://is.gd/188lL Last but one, is really Horrible 
Happy Daddys Day Daddy Even Though Your In London!! Hugs And Kisses! Work At 12 
Last week in Germany.    But I'll be back so not so bad.  Looking at Temps in Tally.  Yuck!!  Cool and sunny here so I'll enjoy now.
@belle_lulu  Yeah, tell me about it, Taxi service and bankroll. Off to Leicester in a minute. Taking the MinL as well 
Nan's here... Getting really old now. Seeing her struggle with everything,breaks my heart  luv her so much! Xxx
@bestieverdid Under the circumstances when I wrote it, punctuation= most excellent. Strange Brew IS way too loud. Now for the drama of FD 
Is Quite Sad That She Cant Be With Her Daddy On Fathers Day 
I Think I Had A Minor Case Of Food Poisoning.. It Wasn't good..   And Now I Just Have A Cold.. Ugh; Xx
Dyin My Hair Atm, Its Goin Really Red 
Dying here. Not even a dose of Doctor Who is helping. 
Last Night Was Fun ! Chinese Instead Of Pizza. Fathers Day And Dads Offshore  Take That Looked Really Good On Friday Night.Saw Pictures.
Happy Fathers Day To Everyone's Dads! Got A Banging Headache  I Swear The Smell Of Roast Dinners Make Me Have Headaches!  x
came bak from cousins house, she beat me on one song and shes 7 (It was &quot;What Time Is It?&quot; from High School Musical lols xx she beat ME 
Gr8 Weekend Thanx to Poppy,Steph,Page &amp;+ Matt. Ly All  Cameron Clarke ILY But you dont Fell The Same Thats What Makes Me hate you   LY All
Gr8 Weekend Thanx to Poppy,Steph,Page &amp;+ Matt. Ly All  Cameron Clarke ILY But you dont Feel The Same Thats What Makes Me hate you   LY All
I'm Miss My Grandad Fathers Day Is Never Complete WIthout Him  My Dad So Upset xx ILY daddi and dada
Camera Wudn Work On Me Yday . . . So Ad To Take All Pictures Nd Videos On A BROKEN Phone . .So All My Vids Av No Sound On It 
http://twitpic.com/8002s - Asdaa Aswell How Exitingg  Part Of The Wal*Mart Family x
http://twitpic.com/8002x - Asdaa Aswell How Exitingg  Part Of The Wal*Mart Family x
@spongecanary Couldn't get a hold of Rolling Stone, but I do have Mojo? Would've taken NME mag but I ordered it online &amp; it isn't here 
OMG ITS FATHERS DAY????  That Sucks For Me My Dada Is In New York 
just listenind to Jonas Brothers - Turn Right...gonna cry 
just listening to Jonas Brothers - Turn Right...gonna cry 
Finally made it to the Dog and Duck. So many accidents. Even more idiot cyclists. Between the two, we're three hours behind. Knee hurts. 
Rain On My Parade. Want to be on Warwick Avenue now. 
@The_Battle_Zone LOL. This edition of Am Idol didn't have that song  nevertheless, we still sang our hearts out.
Eyes. Burning. Need. More. Sleep. Ugh. At work 
Iron... Done ! Now, Thinking of my Far Far Far Away Girlfriend. 
Go die HMV, you never have the albums i want  Tokio Hotel? Blog 27? You say you have Alexander Rybak, but you really don't. Argh.
Street Performance World Championship - One major disappointment! I never brought my camera!  Another brilliant event! Get down there!
Sitting In Ann's Having A Glass Of Wine, I'am Dying 
@Ambersmith09 Said The funnyist thing eva! wel.. i think so.. but i Forgot It, !  i Was laffing For 22 Mins! Haaaaaa  , x
Had A Wickeddd Night With Lillie...All Ruined By The Face By My Backk Started Playingg Up  xx Ohh Well Love Youu Girll xx 8 Days Onlyy
@MrDuhamel Oh  Anyway, I watch Las Vegas everyday, You're such an incredible actor. Much Love From Paris ! All my light and support.
#Sicamp Note to self: Next time, get version control sorted BEFORE trying to merge code. 
  I wish I could go to T4 On The Beach :'(    Would be great to see @Shontelle_Layne &amp; @DanMerriweather   
Alotta Work Today, Thought It'd Never End  Thank God It Did Now I Fancy Some Well Earned R&amp;R
Murrrrrrrrrrr No Lazy Sunday For Me  ----Called Into Work..Bb?---
So Freakin Upset Cuz I Wanna Spend Tyme Wit Ma Dad Todai... People Dont Get That I Dnt Wanna B Around People Dat R... Happy Fathers Day 
Nope. Smooth Away NOT an acceptable alternative to shaving the bikini area. Takes longer, not as thorough, and same itchiness afterward! 
Happy Fathers Day Dad! I Love You! Working at the golf course til 8  BECCA COMES TOMORROW!!!!!!
Wake-Up!! Ugh . It's Rainy  
Grr. I've walked half of this frikken SLC airport! Getting a headache 
Got my dad a big box of celebrations, Evan Almighty and In Bruge on DVD, can't wait to see them. So hard to buy presents for my family 
Happy Father's Day To All The Father's Out There. Gonna Go Visit My Papi In A Few. Still Miss You Daddy...  
@RapCoalition ~ many Ppl in general just don't know how to Properlly approach Ppl of Your Grand Nature &amp; Work Ethic. Shame but true. 
Gosh Im Up So Early...People Need To Quit Waking Me Up 
Disappointed by the Landmark.  Away We Go doesn't start until FRIDAY. I wanted to see it TODAY! 
YAY! I'm pre-ordering VP's Cd, Video Girl. Probably 2night. Scared the first 250 copies r already sold....... 
@WeatherKim Sorry I couldn't tell you and Angie about President Obama's visit to Year Up, don't worry I was home sick so I missed it too 
Didn't Go Swimming  But Its Wayy Hot!
R.I.P To Our Cat Dave  He Had To Be Put Down 2day
From My Father In Ten Years. I have Made And Effort.. I Doubt It will Be Any different Today 
Didnt Go To Bed Till 6am And Had To Be Up At 11am Ugh This Suck Im So Sleepy 
Very Cold  I Need My Hoodie Maybe....
@rickross10 Still been rainy  Supposed to be a couple more days of it. So no chance to go yet. Sometime this week b4 I need more air LOL
@Graciexoxox Ermm For Not Havin Clothes For Hols And Shit... And She Wants Me To Study Over Summer!  X
Good morning. Woke up late. Grabbed jude. Now here i am. Tired. Work in 2 hours.. Damn 
Just Had A Delicious Breakfast.... It Should Be Fathers Day Everyday ... Time For Laundry Now 
I'm Sooooo Sore From Yesterday! 
@Kiwi_Si It can also install as a Portable App. Really great. Just the copy / paste keycombo is not working  But I like it
'how do i get better once i've had the best?' - Thinking Of You @katyperry. The video makes me cry everytime 
@perezhilton I just also read that people are saying you deserved it? Awful, awful. That is just horrible.  Feel better hun, xo xo
And since HDD are all full disk encrypted, no Archive and Install here. Ok then, Time Machine backup then User Migration. No work today.. 
My Big Sister Is Going To Chi-Town  
@Brantanamo You could have made my Birthday cake for Today, i wanted a McFly one my parents are sickos and didnt get my one tho! 
Im In The UK Shes In LA It Aint Like I Could See Her In The Street 
Flavors for today posted...sorry it's a little late  Still Check them out, and be sure to stop in and support Alex's Lemonade Stand!
Ouch  ! My Legs Are So Sore From That Jog Yday !! Ox
Back to work today. . Vacation over  although I did nothing but Go to school and play Wii .. The rest was good. . Ohh well
@trippmickle Booo... I don't have a subscription to SBD/SBJ  What's the #NHL restructuring?
@kitashtrofee So Christianas Still Sick? Whoa. Me And Shawnee Both Came Home Sick From School Yesterday, And Are Staying At Home Today. 
They won't fit my feet  @LakaiLTD: Where The Wild Things Are LE's dropping 10/1 with the movie's 10/16 premiere http://yfrog.com/0w7rzpj
Filled out FAFSA. My EFC is way more than we are able to afford as I am not working.  Will talk with Financial Aid when app goes through.
Ok Maybee That Didnt Work Zoe Is Angry Now 
@jhs2 Oh nooo  PLZ 'm not a Gay  ..!! Very Much Straight Guy !!
Blah... Just had a two hour call... All she needed to do was install Service Pack 3 for Office.. Problem solved.. But she was slow 
Really Tired at Work, Its So Boring. I Wanna Go home. 
Is so ready for the season perimere of The Secret Life Of The American Teenager!!! Is not going 2 b with kelz for a WEEK.  - :p P
@Drew_Live haha it's all good man...yeah i like Already Gone as well...dunno if I'm gonna sing it live actually...pretty sad song 
At Work With The Mean Habgy Over! Lol smh 
@Stomper_Girl So far we haven't had luck w/ resettling. She used to be a self-settler, but lately not so much. Nothing has been working. 
Well Bored. My Sleeping Pattern's Fucked Up Like 
#musicmonday Lauryn Hill 'When It Hurts So Bad' http://bit.ly/EZYVg  I MISS HER 
I Really Need To Sleep .. But I'm Not Tired.. I Hate That When You Really Need To Sleep But You Can't 
@Maserati_Holly Ur Mean To Me Now I Dont Even Get Replys Anymore!!! 
 I Cant Stand Ma Brother He Got The New Jordans I Want... *tear*
@leydylaura Believe me, I have kicked myself numerous times for not being there to stalk him.. Family has not permitted it though. 
Tiger Woods 10 Game Face: Optimizing blemishing removing processes. As if _I_ need that. Airbrushing! They make it sound so bad. 50% 
Just finished another story for Doctor Who Magazine. Two more and... well, that's it for the Tenth Doctor. 
But Separation Usually Leads 2 Divorce @Tinkerbell51308 
I'm out of the Shower. My MSN messenger keep's saying I'm away But I'm Not  Damn Technology haha. Have to finish Exercising later on.
@Certain_Songs Yep, city workers on strike. Bad times. Second garbage strike since I moved here in 2002. 
Garbage workers on strike. I can live with that.  Liquor Control could strike on Wed. People gotta drink during a recession.  Oh man 
Damn! I overslept and just missed the show, I'm a Celebrity, Get Me Out of Here. 
@HollyCleary Really good too!  Peachy I guess.  *laughing*  Not looking forward to another hot one!  
OH: Back From The Class...So Tired  I Need A Nap http://tinyurl.com/m6loxh
R.I&gt;P to Ed McMahon...  Does this mean I can't win the clearinghouse sweepstakes? Too soon.... Not soon enough I say. Celebrate his life.
Didn't finish.  Cleared my history. Time for D.E. The Used on the radio. I love today.
Ahhhhhh  Ed McMahon Passed Away &lt;&gt;&lt; Many Blessings!
@leeannthill  That's my fear for trying to get mine. I'm afraid the dr's won't have it. I should get on it. Next yr is 25 yrs for me.
Got Cold Glass Of Coke &amp;&amp; A Chocolate Muffin  Where Is @MorgannRosee ?  x
@Melissa_123 Omg Are All The Dates Sold Out? No Another Venue You Could Go To? That's A Shamee  &lt;3 xxx
@SayJayyx3 Boring  Nothing To Dooo... Though Liking Being On Twitter 
@LaurenConrad  Awww Take Me Take Me Lol  Sick Of Old England Not Leaving it Til December  Soo . . .  lol
Is Looking For A Decent-ish Photo Of Herself But Cant Find One 
@irunsNY @seriusjones i heard the videO's ova @ 8  Sad FACE PMS waS gonna Come Thru and support. pero ya tu sabe fella's
Iran: Out of Chaos Comes Order - Unfortunately Many Will Be Slaughtered In The Process 
@Airrun Is it your event? @stikboy718 I can't make his Thursday thang - I have API Kick-Off w/ 50 Drag Queens 
@Alyssia2617 We Have Boot Camp, Tomorrow @ 7:30AM.....Ugh! 
RIP ED McMahon You will be missed.  Labor Day wont be the same  
...Hates Beiing The Only New Person... Offically The Worst Day I Have Ever Had.. 
#TweetDeck - I use Mark All As Seen, then Clear Seen Tweets to manage my columns. When I relog l8r, they're all back again  Any clues?
Eaten My Tea.. Bored Now 
Really Wants to See The Miley Cyrus Concert Here In The Uk But The Only Seats Left Are NoseBleeders 
@Free_Spirit55 If that's how you feel, then you totally missed the weekend 
@dhskee Yuck. That's the worst. Stay hydrated. Drink H20. Feel better.  
Ready to move to Nashville. Probably gonna have to wait at least a year though 
No hair today. Have to wait until friday. Going to clean then walk. Drive later. Maybe to the lake? I miss @kateybby 
I Miss Holly Allen Badly  Only 4 Days Until I See Here. Car Boot Sales All The Way Woop Woop
Owie.......Wiplash.....It....Hurts........I gave it to my self........OWIE 
really wanna see Away We Go. Kinda just for John Krasinski, but... can you blame me? Wish I could see Emarosa again. 
@mndspeak I Was Supposed To Here From 10-2 To Do A Cheese Reset...But Now I'm Here 'Til 6...  But At Least I Have A Job &quot;Yob&quot;
@wwecodyrhodes Must hurt  Get well soon Cody! BTW: Your match against Primo was really great.
Grrr tennis makes you miss Hollyoaks! Last exam tomorrow &amp; sixth form induction thursday 
Ixia is closing? Nooooo! Where will I get my fav martini--the Queen Bee? 
Still doesn't feel good. Watching the Sonny With a Chance marathon. Soooooo sick. 
@simongerrans that's really disappointing! oO Three times Top 8 in the Ardennen-Classics! That's stupid that you won't start at the Tour! 
Last Day Of College Monday! It's Gonna Be Sad Been There Three Years! 
If U Having Girl Problems I Feel Bad For You Son 
@Valalba Doubtful. Right now he's in the bathroom with water and his bed and all I can do is hope that he doesn't get worse. 
going home for the fourth but missing the Watermelon Thump and my mom   Well atleast shes coming to visit me in Aug.
Thank you Live Nation for not allowing video at Warped Tour. We had fun ideas planned 
Soooooo Tired.. Free internet hasnt cum thru on my fone. 
@jasminemcatee Never Lose Heart. They're a hardcore band from WV that my friends are in. And packing for these things are such a pain. 
@mileycyrus Hey U should Do something for the Military Families while your in GA My hubby is leaving to Afghanistan in NOV  5th deployment
Bummed. Ordered some fudge from http://www.schmidtsfudgehaus.com/. Week later. No Fudge. Get runaround when call -- (Ken's out of town). 
Just Came In From Outsidee, Outsidee Was Boring &amp;&amp; Hot.. Im Seriously Bored And Theree Is Nothing To Doo. 
Why Do I Have To Feel Like This About Youu 
Cobra Starship has a song called &quot;Pete Wentz Is The Only Reason We're Famous?&quot; Well, at least they know what's up. I miss Midtown. 
Tonight's guilty pleasure: Real Housewives of NJ Reunion Part I. Don't Judge Me   LOL
http://is.gd/1aWSp  The Future Of Air Travel is Further Away than Thought. Iv'e Been counting down to the 787 for years!
@PaulaAbdul -Never been overseas - we always went to Old Orchard Beach, Maine every year.  Nothing better!  Hubby's too sick now 
@Dillinger1984 Want to restring my MIM Fender? Already broke a string and replaced it with a mismatched string but now my tuning is off. 
@XtremeDanny Hey Cutie!!! I Know I Left My Comment!!  Still Tight About Only 2 Episodes Left... 
@unm00red Stop!  The boat's stuck in the Sundance box, I'm stuck in a cube and there are NO popsicles.  
Im Such a Nerd ..Actually Going to See Trans 2 Tonight or should I Say Morning lol...Glad about that but Sad about another 
@TorontoSymphony Bday is today, am out of town.   Will pass along the message - There's still tickets left to TSO Goes To The Movies! #tso
http://twitpic.com/88566 - Our sweet Buddy wears the Cone of Shame. For another two weeks, until stitches heal. 
@STARBUXHD Ahhh and i thought Twiggas Twit What They Mean &amp; Mean What They Twit! Me No Likey Fakey 
Trying To Rid My Computer Of Spyware. 
Went out hiking. Perfect day, but a bad fall.  Still, I wanted excitement, and I got it. LOLZ
@PassWordMania Yuck! Our Rottweiler had that years back, but we managed to get it caught in time. Recovered, but cancer got her 4yrs aftr 
@grapesoda1 Hey Thanx! &amp; Good Key Points! Im Staying w/ Verzion! No iPhone for Me! 
I killed Fall Out Boy. They all died of sadness. Patrick and some gangsta rappers also killed Panic at the Disco before he died 
Oh drat. Was all excited to evaluate a new writer ostensibly from Green Bay. However IP-Address says &quot;India.&quot; Bummer. 
Need to Make DinDin... but it is sooooo Damn Hot in the Apartment!   Ok. Time for a M
Grrr. Something wrong w/ my laptop... Optical drive is gone! Tried lotsa things, wouldn't recognize! 
Scrubs=Funny. Finally going to try to eat... Soup! *cough cough 
@MollieOfficial I'm very sad I haven't been to see you on tour  Next time for sure! Put Your Boots On Baby Get To...WORK WORK! x
Theres A Digger Or Something Outside At 12.43am. Cant Sleep 
Greys Anatomy Season Finale Last Ni was ReLi Sad!!  Com'on Spain 2Mo Ni...Gud Luk Torres,Alonso n Villa!! Oh n D Rest Of The Team Too Haha
@superhootie @TomMitcham Poker starts at 7:30p. I won't be able to go beforehand though because I'll be at the Biz After Hours event. 
Cripe. Biggest casualty of the Slip &amp; Die might be my white tank...which is now a lt brn &amp; won't go back.  Maybe 3 more washes will help.
:Z So Tired, Long Day 
My Voice is Like GONE i cant talk agh 
free, two, one and now sleep  .. Chhhhr .. Hahaha .. Good Night .. Today They will take the blood me  Help me .. I'm afraid of needles !!!
Tired Jer is Tired. Another long day...  I wish people would stop being D-bags.
Another truth: i feel like 'The Last Queer Standing' at my main job. All of the rest have either quit or been fired. 
Whooo lordy! Watchin The Notebook....I'm about to cry 
Just Got Back From The Hospital RIP Steven  Love Ya
It amazes me what comes out of Niecy Nash's mouth. Again, must bow to the Queen of Clean. Am I the only one that loves her? I miss Matt 
Is Blah..Everyone I Know Seems To Have Problems That I Can't Fix 
@officialTila Disappointed you picked the ladies over guys at the MuchMusic Video Awards  Ha! Enjoy yourself last weekend?
Alone at the new apt.. Someone come play a round of the Super Smashing Brothers with me 
Story of my life: Ciara So Hard......Nohemie go to sleep! 
I know Im Not Perfect @ ALL, Missing Alot Of My Important PPL In My Life...  I Just Want A Nice Cold Drink &amp; Watch Weeds....
@Desi0203 He's Annoying... He Gives Me Mild Seizures Lol &amp;&amp; Its Healing..Not Fast Enough Tho.  Thanx Tho
Believe Me I Know, I Had A Great Man In My Life. And I Knew He Was True, Because He Treated Me Like We Were Best Freinds. I Miss You Papi 
@traciepetro Soooo jealous you're going to Sea World! I was in SD last weekend and no one would go with me 
Awh Drew Won't Get On The Rides On Sunday&lt;|3  Pshh , Im Gonna Make Himm!(; Hehe; Kidding.
Muh Damn Elbows Hurt From Layinq Down On this Laptop .. 
In Berkeley. Don't have my laptop anymore  Learning how to use Adobe Flash. Listening to Wicked.
Just Saw The Proposal! SUper Funny! All sold out for Transformer 
aGGGHH.!!! Why ??? :/ My Heart Are Broken  Everything For You.!!! MeeNzO...
Is Blah..Everyone I Know Seems To Have Problems That I Can't Fix 
Home at last. Now bed! Thanks to my AWESOME moving crew! You guys rock! Missin' some JAD.  Lots of catchin' up to do in East Tenn!
Is Blah..Everyone I Know Seems To Have Problems That I Can't Fix  Sleep Time!
Next week's my bday!  Next week's my bday!  Next week's my bday!  Next week's my bday! 
Scary. Someone just tried to walk in my house @2am! Thank god Cash's cage is nxt to the door &amp; his barking woke me up! T is 40 mins away 
Sleep hates me. Watching &quot;Atonement&quot; - which is awesome. But I should eventually pass out. Have an appt in the AM though - that sucks 
@thisised Well Ed Tonight They Left U Hangin Bro 
Listening to Rascal Flatts - What Hurts the Most. What a sad video/song 
OH god! Why do  u put me thru such tests?? We have Critical mass Cycling and bangalore Roof top Film Fest on the same day!  Choose!
House broken into this morning  Taken: Wii &amp; peripherals, 3x digital camera, 1xDV camera, 1xBGS tablet PC, 1xUQ G4 PB. Maybe more...
Having Twitter takes all the FUN out of being a Creep or Stalker.... Even a Creepy Stalker!!!!! 
Jus Watched The Work Video Again.. Cldnt Purchase It On iTunes Yet 
@AdamYim Their story sounds like something out of Love Actually. Burned out politician sees the light, can't have it. 
Still No Tweets For Me..  &quot;Not Waiting Up For The Sun Tonight&quot; &lt;3 x
Footy Trainin Was called off     Now i Dont know what to do ? lol
going to lay in bed and drift off into sleep.. took a sleeping pill.. &lt;3 Rest In Peace Grandma.. I love you with all my heart &lt;3 
Tonight was so Beyond Busted. I Feel Like Crapp &amp; Am really thinking about the people i surround myself with. Building Up these Walls. =/ 
My Video Is Doing Ok Not The Best Video Only 164 Views  no Partnership here http://bit.ly/aPpJp
@Black_Ink_In_Me Where are you??? 
@Cause4Conceit watching &quot;He's Just Not That Into You&quot;.............. wishin I could PING!!! 
Check this video out -- David Bowie - Fame http://bit.ly/eS41N  *Oh, to gaze upon the Thin White Duke..No vid  **
@Astara There is no excuse for dropping a buggy game update like that. Truly disappointed by this news 
So, one of the arms fell off my glasses last night  Struggling to balance them properly now. Grrr. There's always something crap!
Post just brought my GH: Greatest Hits (The French Version? WTF ShopTo?) and my new headset (for my PC not PS3  )
KNOCK KNOCK.....Me: Can I have my eyes back?  Eyes: Just open us, damn fool!       Sunday Morning Feeling.....  
Swine Flu Has Infected Me  Im Going To Die (Tear, Sob)
@backpedalling @katherinekenny Recently bought everything by them on iTunes. Well worth it. Playing Electric Picnic but I'm not going 
U put me to shame with amount of gigs  Saw All About Eve a lot too. Bound to happen as saw Mission 16/17 times.
@bugjemm U put me to shame with amount of gigs  Saw All About Eve a lot too. Bound to happen as saw Mission 16/17 times
OMFG The Night Before Is Going to End  #TNB
Urgh Student Finance England.  At least they play Ladyhawke when they put you on hold.
Just saw the worst player ever on 'The Weakest Link.' She voted off someone who already left in the previous round. She is Nigerian 
@xxxladyx I was hoping it was some type of misunderstanding but New Dennis Is Fucked! Blackened and destroyed 
@OnniesAttic Would Love to make sure I connect with you today and say Hello. Somehow missed you yesterday  DM me if you like.
Commitment. Waaay too much slipping into next iteration. And beyond 
Off School....Hot Dayy....No One To Spend It With... 
WW Week 9 Update: 1 pound down. Total weight change thus far: 25 pounds down. Kinda pissed. Yesterday morning I was down 3 pounds 
Lovefilm just sent me the wrong DVD!  Wot the hell is Bodies: The Complete Series? And it's Disc Two! Not Jarhead that's for sure. Gutted!
Changed My Pic  Sori If Its Blurri  Sori If u dnt Like x What's Ya'll Mamis'N Papi'z Doin ? x Its 12:42pm here in UK x
I'm Lying In My Bed But Have To Get Up Now 
Kinda Bored And Sad Going Away For 2 weeks So i will not go on cp, Twitter, Or My Site Caz Theres no computer There 
@MarqJacob  Nooo!!! Your a butt-head for leaving me , lol, Jk. I hope everything goes well, don't grow up too much ;) See ya boo!
@gfalcone601 I Wish I Had Work At This Time Im Stuck At School!  Help :'( x
Am getting excited about Magdalen Ball! The excitement will no doubt decline if this ibs persists so severly though 
Don't ask why I'm watching The Saturdays on Loose Women... All I know is that they sound bloody awful 
Listening to My Heart Will Go On. What have I become? Not liking these confused moments I keep having. Want them to fuck off soon. 
Body is in work, head is still in Ibiza. Should be on a beach with a bottle of bud right now 
Is Suffering Bad With Her Hayfever Today 
@tinchystryder I Really Wanted To Go To Glastonbury But All The Tickets Went  Dont Get To Watch You  Your Amazin....Love Youu xxxxx
Won't be able to go to Essence  What am I going to do instead?!?!?!?
@TheSats I Really Wanted To Come Tonight!  Was Too Late To Get Tickets Though...Very Sad  Have A Fab Time Though xx
I miss L.A!!! And I miss my aunt!!!!And Carlos, The Grove, VS, Jambo Juice; Sushi, eeeveeerything!!!!    
Pain in my half head  Half is Alright
I Think Im Gona Cryy .. Hairdresser Just Pulled Out  I Have NO Hairdresser For Prom
Is Still @ The Office And Running Late!!! Om Half 5 Een Meeting In Amsterdam, Ik Ga Het NOOIT Redden 
My Son got sick all on delivery  driver then bumped car in front. Every1 fine except woman pretending to have whiplash. shes delusional
Listening to Forever and For Always from Shania Twain album Up! 
Worst.Hangover.Ever. Need healing potion ASAP. On second thought, sleep better. Still can't find my staff. 
Going to listen to All time Low, The Academy Is..., Fall Out Boy, Panic At The Disco, and 3OH!3 while on tan. But not my back it's burnt. 
@mrlineup just got woke up by @alBabyLineup to put on his Barney Dvd  bye twiggaz R.I.P. For me...
#ugh Time Goes By So quickly when i Have a Dentist Appointment 
Shout Outs O2 Ma New Followerss ( Thea'ss Only Ah Feww  ] Cuss Mah Twin Wont Help Me !
Dam, headache! Would that be asking too much if I dreamed of working as a writer at home? Sick of school! 
Ok ok the &quot;Pic n Mix&quot; link - http://bit.ly/STa8t  #woolworths - &quot;Your Bag is dangerously empty&quot;  dangerously?
I'm Gonna Miss Being Here When I Leave, 
@BreBaby143 Yeah and I LOVED Stay With Me Baby, so sad he took that out 
Been Up Since 4 In The Morning, Waiting For My Mommy To Go In 2 Surgery  Prayers Please!
New To Twitter And Have No Idea How To Use It  Help
@Mr__King How about I haven't even been paying attn to the View   Crazy
waah I wanna watch Unbroke: What You Need To Know About Money!!! But I can't seem to find it... Garr. 
@AreaMalta Here's a video of a NIN live performance captured with a 5DII: http://tr.im/pJp2 Impressive stuff, but on the expensive side 
Is Uber Excited It's Thursday!!! WOOT WOOT!!! Finally The Weekend Is Close!!!! YAY!!! I'm Not Looking Forward To Work Thursdays Are Slow! 
Check out Fritz' Pure &amp; Shameless tonight at Blue Martini!  Too bad I'm in Miami   Have fun everyone!
Sigh. Just ordered lunch for delivery. Chained to the desk until Verizon shows up. May not be until 2:00 now.  
I hate...HATE when someone makes you feel like you dont belong and dont fit in. Like Unwanted.  yesterday i felt that way.
@ma_th Yeah. And we forgot to write the Shortest Path problem 
Listening to Chris Clark - Growls Garden, while downloading the Armed Assault 2 PC Demo. Its 2.8 GB big &amp; dling @ 80 kbps  only 10hrs 2 go
Don't have money to buy Guilty Pleasure, Hannah Montana the movie soundtrack and Lines, Vines and Trying Times. I'm Sick 
Sat On My Arse, Cant Be Bothered To Move, But Has Work!!! 
Gone For Walk With Benwell , But I Wanted To Dye His Beard... Not Today  
@Clouds2287 Root of All Evil by any chance? Metal is getting well Formulaic these days. Everyone wants to be Linkin Park... 
@Midgley Haha Wish I Could! But Im In Edinburgh...  Lol! &lt;3 x
Catching Up on Emails, RSS and Random BACN. Then I'm cutting out early tonight (11:30PM) to have Dinner with @lauraw 
Thinks everyone needs to go buy Tina Parol's song Who's Got Your Money on iTunes ... NOW! 
@markhoppus hey mark, i want to know if the song &quot;Life's So Boring&quot; is really blink 182 , please tell me  doubt been on my head for years
What A Day  I Just Loved It. Sun, Food And My Girls  Cannot Be Beaten. Eyyy! I Bused It Home Tooo Hahaa. Have An Ace Time Darl.  xxxx
Had a good time at Eat n Park drinking a latte and playing Munchkin Impossible with @Chriswolfe2007. 
@danielkirkley Lead Me To The Cross is one of my favorites!! Great job, D!!! 
@daygan Wow! This Ubuntu feature is really cool  ?? again! Got More??
T @BennyGreenberg Tools of the Road Warrior http://hub.tm/?KXJBQ Pretty Cool - Please Retweet 
@mileycyrus: Me And My Besterzz Agree That Should Be Counted As A Little Nap  Sleep Tight Love Us  xoxo
@DJ_VIC yeah I did I've learnt Feel Good Inc. When you were young. Rock you like a hurricane. And now I'm learning Killing The Name of 
Hittin' Blackpool Pleasure Beach With Besterzz + Other Besterz + His Mate; Who Aparently has a 10 Pack!! Whaaaat! Serious!? Haha Yeahhh 
@spotonpr Attending a PSFK conference is approx. $400, attending a Submit conference is $800. Reasonable? 
Good Morning Twitters!  Do You have a Trouble Tree? This man does  http://bit.ly/Jsxm
Horray!! I've been accepted into the Bazaar Bizarre Maker Faire 2009!! With 50% of accepted vendors being NEW to BazBiz, I am honored. 
Trying To Figure Out This Twitter Thing 
@froggie775 If you want REALLY weird, listen to &quot;Everything Falls Apart&quot; and then go forward to &quot;Body of Song.&quot; 
@icjackson what about Halloween? Maybe not cake and ice cream ... so I guess it would be Hyper Day, not the same. Never mind. 
New post &quot;Tribalization, Socialized TV &amp; Games: Seriously&quot; http://twurl.nl/8namrw TV 2.0 &amp; Serious Games Pressies 
Trying 'xDancer' App By Samir on my cell. Lol! Its seriously fun. Using it on a walk with my Mom. Have to keep moving to hear the music 
Close my eyes, all I see is dresses. LMAO. Listening to James Blunt's &quot;Same Mistake&quot; 
@vampiravalo for my birthday which is in June...Either Razorblade Romance or Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights would be cool. 
yes! Bulls on Parade/Sleep Now in the Fire! perfect combo! 
Thank You All for the Warm Wishes.!!! 
@kadence987 I prefer Superman's Dead...or their version of Tomorrow Never Knows from The Craft.  
Windows 7 .. Rather Impressive !!!  Creating New OEM Branding And Answer Files to Test ! Installation Times Are Really Fast !!  
Gonna Watch a Movie Called &quot;Lost in The Wild&quot; with my Fav. of All Time Miss JENNIFER LOPEZ 
Forever Chasing.   Simply The Best atm .  
@_q Interesting website. Thank you for sharing it with me. I will continue to research it...   - Jay Jeter The Coming Storm
Sweet breakfast meeting with GM Loyalty rock on!  Everyday People!
Watching a movie: The Incredible Hulk Returns, 1988. If you would like to watch with me, please bring some pop corn with ya? 
Fame Can Change People. Lets Get One Thing Straight  There is No Reason To Change. (GET IT) 
Flutter Takes Twitter MicroBlogging To The Next Level http://twurl.nl/jxynqm  lol
Cool, Dancing With The Stars is on and I am transported again to my dream of being a fab dancer,  where I get 10's all round 
Using Flash To Make My New Video 
They're taking the hobbits to Isengard http://is.gd/6YA8 and Why is the Rum gone? http://is.gd/rabq Funny music remixes. 
Anyone remember Vic and Bob's excellent &quot;Catterick&quot;? Well, lookee here! http://bit.ly/rVDwJ Come on, Beeb!  Repeat it! 
@im2byteme I'm all for the Fair Tax, or Bush's deficit back. Something! 
Just bought 2 new reads - The Ten Commandments For Business Failure and More Softies: 22 New Friends For You To Sew And Crochet 
@Fatfairy69 Heroes 'Poor Parkman' - Remember never trust a Hero any episode now it'll all turn nasty 
@Lambgirl_83 Well Follow Me Twice! 
First 2 DVDs from LoveFilm on the way  Meet the Robinsons and Princess Raccoon! YAY! So Excited!
If you missed The Bucket List last Sunday, tonight's your chance again! Don't miss out on it at 11pm (SIN) tonight on HBO 
@plexsquared Woohoo! Really looking forward to playing with the new features and hope the Framework reboot leads to more cool plugins 
@CatheFriedrich U Bet!!!  Next week I'll hit the treadmill in HiiT mode!!!
@SinkOrSwim76 Yes, yes I mind a lot.  :-P  (Of course not!) I used GIMP. Found a suitable wookie pic, a DD pic, and played for 10 mins.  
FTW = From The Wild ? 
@Rogue_Leader Hmmm, i also have issues with our cricket team - arrogant bunch, and don't get me started on W(r)icky  http://ff.im/-1Y7c8
The Downtown Fiction Live Chat= Amazingness  They Are Abs. Amazing and My Life, I Love Cameron David and Eric &lt;3
Omg Tap Tap Revenge for Coldplay ? Why oh Why ain't it for free? At least I got a free sample track ? 
@Davidptdf Omg David The Chat Was Amazing Last Night  I Hope To See You Very Soon ! Love and Miss You Guys  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@NitaJoy Sure, how do you take it?  I have herbal, regular PG Tips and Twinings...
Omg! Onli 1Min In The Car + The 10 Pack Comes Out!! Haha  xxx
Just Woke Up / So Tired / School Now / Blahh / Checkk Out My New Blog On My Myspace / 
@mileycyrus Aww Well Wer Behind Ya  All Our Support  But Mother Nature Is Kind To Us Today We Hav A 10Pack Guy Wit Us Mmmmm  xxx
Cannot wait until Zakynthos &amp; Jamaica  Wooop Bring On The Sunshine!!!! 
@jenbishopsydney I know! Gutted. Next time tho when you are back. I have put the chicken carcass back in the freezer for next time  x
@pmeanwellralph Hiya - Its always good in Pembs  Hows tricks up your way ?
@meedee64  We have a beautiful Dining Suite.Used Twice. Just there for show.Says it all doesn't it. Liz had to have one .lol 
Made It Into Work This Morning Yay For Me.. It Looks As Though The Sun Was Attempting To Come Up With Me.. Maybe Next Week!  GOOD MORNING!
@TomFelton Cash in the Attic is OK, I prefer Homes Under the Hammer, haha  I do love being off school...
Coffee.  Must get coffee.  Cool morning in Eunice.  40.  Going to be hitting 80 this weekend.  Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice.  
@brokenbeat Wow- Corn-based food chain? Omnivore's Dilemma must be an interesting book! BTW, breathing New Media Air is always fresh 
Gonna Bring A REeally Old Broken Phone To School , And Say Its Mine 
Woohoo!  I won the Free Money Finance March Madness tournament by two votes!  I guess getting my in-laws to vote WAS a good idea! 
@Tsarnick You best know it! Life On The Murder Scene 
Okay here I go..this week Take Two: Electric Boogaloo!  Hello all, how is everyone this morning? 
@Snoid OK, it's actually called &quot;Hello Oslo,&quot; but I just like shouting &quot;Smell The Glove Is Here!&quot; whenever new releases arrive 
Read Psalm 116! I Love it! Now math homework! Talk about bringing someone down! 
@tommcfly If You And Gi Have A Baby. . Can I Be The Godmother? 
Tricia Duryee: The iPhone Success Stories That Are Fueling Copycats http://tinyurl.com/c2s6z7 - sounds just like a chain letter 
@311_Nick Give Me a Call Part 2? 
@hughsbeautiful me too. It's gonna be awesome. Eeek! One week! 
Cool!  Now I have my own leaping theme music! I am going to forgo thinking about the fact that it is the Pepe Le Pew music and just leap 
Just Found Details About McFly's New Album, 'Take Off' Can't Wait for the Up Close Tour, 14 Days Till Wolves [LL] So Excited 
DAMN!! The Video Rocks!! It's Like The Old Videos Of Eminem.. Luv The Lisa Ann Cameo, Kim Kardashian Booty &amp; When He's Is Kissing Amy lol 
just bought 'Collected Short Stories of Mumtaz Mufti' (Muftianay)... Yes, apart from Shahabism he was a prolific fiction writer too 
The Prodigy Tonight! Stoked!  Oh, Burnt Bagels Are The Way Forward!
Lovley Day Out  Feels Like Im In Spain Haha
@Schofe Shame Fern not doing Soap Awards. Let me know when in May and I'll be happy to co-host with you 
[Wrote] From Tantrums to Positive Behavior - A Frugal Mom's Tale http://cli.gs/g8A0WQ Any feedback would be appreciated. 
@Hooked4Life Mental health days are important. So in a few hours I will go and hang out w/ another creative friend and play. 
Music downloads for 29p on Amazon - not bad! I am listening to Dog Days Are Over by Florence and the Machine. V v good 
Hey Rich, What would you like to know? You can get all of the Knowledge from its number one source 
QOD: We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it. Lauryn Hill  Hot Tip of the day: http://bit.ly/MBbG Advice Be good people 
Fashion Is The Next City...Take It To The Top... Fashion Blinds The Eyes Of Life !! check facebook group out 
I have a TON of Etsy Crushes.   With proper boundaries, of course.
@malinpet &quot;Go:Audio = LOVE!&quot; Indeed!  Awesomeness at it's best!
@variouslynamed but it's probably going to be sadder than both Journey's End+Doomsday!! However, the possibility of Wilf meeting 11 = 
Sampling delicious Pumpkin Spice Tea. Hell Yes! Delicious.  You should try it. 
Today is biceps/triceps day - yeah!!!!!! Later finishing up our Dance Videos with the TDD girls! All I am saying is: AMAZING 
Take the Virtual Drivers Test  Distractions Included: http://www.facebook.com/ext/share.php?sid=70349213420&amp;h=-Pjbf&amp;u=Muj8P
@Arcania Mornin' Arcania  How's the blog coming along? (Mental note: Stop by and look at it, you goof!)
Jasmine Tea, New iPod, Girls Next Door, Anchorman, dinner in the oven, clean teeth, puppy asleep next to me, the weekend. Oh so good! 
Long Day. Gonna go lay down and listen to JB, Miley, Demi, Honor Society, &amp; School Boy Humor. Then going sleep  Goodnight America &lt;33
@renailemay  Re: questioning Rudd &amp; Obama - Sounds like you might need a better class of social circle! 
Old schoolin' it with @HeavyD &quot;Now That We Found Love&quot; ? http://twt.fm/60652 #twtfm Love you D! 
Watching the New Edition: If It Isn't Love video on YouTube...Why did I think the manager in the beginning was Jamie Foxx? 
OH HECK, they gave me a picture tonight, that they had taken somewhere.  I'll scan it in and get it emailed? Face Book? My Space? What?!  
@homerepairhelp or they could just get How to Fix Everything But People at http://tinyurl.com/cacomt 
@vuhhnessa Awh. Cute nerd? Oh mann. Now I really cannot wait to see it!  How did you get into Sterling, jw? Sonny With A Chance for me. 
@rodmur Per the online translator I found.. 	 Me gusta el corte de su burla!  ... Somehow I dont think that exactly translates though 
@Oprah Sweet Dreams O. You did good with your &quot;tweets&quot; 
New mixtape Free Listen &amp; Download   Muderwoods Vol.2 by Scientific the Rap God &amp; GMS http://tinyurl.com/ch34bv
Hard Boiled Eggs.. At night 
@JonathanRKnight Yup yup my FIRST 5* in Irvine too... Woot Woot Summer Tour Bring it On 
@gfalcone601 You Can Definitely Tell Your Related..Both Stunning &amp;&amp; You Have The Same Smile  xx
@rubymoonstruck Hmmm.  Food vs. Russell Brand.  Tough decision.  
Heading off to the ASPCA Wag-n-Walk. Here's hoping the weather changes. It's a good cause so the weather should be nice, right? 
New pics on imdb.com from HP and the Half Blood Prince. I'm SO EXCITED. This is going to be a great popcorn-movie summer 
@Fearnecotton Whatever I want...? Play slipknot... go on I DARE you!! 
@TiffanyGiardina Heyy Tiffany  Wow Have Fun In The Studio  I Miss You Tiff and Can't Wait To See You Soon &lt;3 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@Fearnecotton Heyy  could you play its Not Fair by Lily Allen pleasee? Thankyouuu XXX
Is Getting Ready For Tonight ;) Cant Wait! 
Up at 7.30 to take Ari to football. Only 8 showed up so 8 v 11 again! Only lost 4-0! Now for the Blues v the Arse. 4-0 will do me! 
Myspace Is Updated So Go Check It Out  Added New Songs  Miss The Downtown Fiction Boys- Cameron David and Eric &lt;3
Cant Wait Till The 4th And 11th May x =D x x x  McFly Single And DVD  x Woop Woop x x x x
@Boy_Kill_Boy Nope Just Bored Well Say That Most Of The Time The Usual 
My kitty's so snuggly and Designed to Sell is on. What else do I need? Hmm... maybe some food 
@Lint1 Nope The Water Is Too Cold Here 
I'm getting ready to go to the library!  I love to read!  Is &quot;In Cold Blood&quot; a good book?  I hope so! P.S. This is my first &quot;tweet&quot;! 
@ddlovato I Love You Soooo Much Demi  You Are The Best!
@BoAKwon Hello, I'm a fan from Taiwan. I bought your Best&amp; USA and I love it!! Your first English album is fabulous! Carry on!! 
@questmcody Wooooow Quest! I havent seen u since '04! I'ma check Made out online since I cant catch it rt now. Congrats sir 
Got To My 100 Followers  Thanks People.....Next Milestone Is 500 Followers, Lets Make It Happen
Whats good ya'll? Lol Another beautiful day in the Chi!  Out shopping! Text me!
So Full, So Happy! Ignoring the pain by thinking about the sweet parts of my life!!! 
@blueaeryn1 Sweet! Really hope it works out! Enjoyed the last one!  Kate Voegele ROCKS.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use This Twitter 
Went Shopping for Once On This Island Jr. &quot;Peasant Clothes&quot;...  Couldn't find any 
Got the cars cleaned out (Saturn &amp; Escort). Now going to put them up for sale...  Looking to get another car sometime this year. 
@keesdekoning Feed The Future 
watching Mr.Bean's Holiday, then finishing Death On The Ice ! 
@ryansheckler30  Hey ryan cant wait 4 Lor To day  so excited  I Love U So Much  Come vist me in Ireland when u Come to europe  Stefx
Hanging Out In Bed With Megga Degga And Alex. Got A New Zebra Print Mini Flat Iron!!! 
Had forgotten about Saturday night tv... Looking forward to Something For The Weekend in bed tomorrow tho  Ah, Buzzcocks on in a min,  ...
@KourtneyKardash Happy Birthday! I Hope You Enjoy Your Day And All Your Birthday Wishes Come True 
Y Do people do Private Things In Public? Y do people want Attention So bad even when its Negative! @ the Underground Mall in ATL 
shopped on South St. with Jessa  Bought cigarettes legally and wasn't even carded. Um. Why can't people be cook in Jersey?
Thank You *Hugs*  @Lea50 @Expert_Image @nanaadjoa @moorockmomma
@MonogramChick just placed my first order with you and cannot wait to receive it!! Next up will be notecards I think 
Just finished mowing the long. Going to go get washed up and changed. Then going for a delicious dinner at Cracker Barrel 
@Jus1King Peace King! Yeah yo I was their friday night but had to flex. On my way out to NC now 1 day Mrs International will hold me down 
Thank You @mileycyrus .. I Was Kinda Upset &amp; Angry And From You Writing Quotes, I Decided To Look Them Up And They Cheered Me Up  xoxo
I got Eminem's &quot;We Made You&quot; stuck in my head... Rapids Water Park is Fun!! 
Wooooo it's hooott  Home finally! Hopefully going to the Beach tommorow!
Thinkz Itz Hilarious When A Guy Asks Me... Are You Cold! HaHaHaHa 
I Take Back What I Said Earlier;Tonight Was The Best 
Feeling Happy Now !!!! What A Beautiful Trip In TranceLand !!! Hihi 
@PushPlayNICK Haha Whoo HBO  Yay Going Out Nick.... You Should Come over&lt;3 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
Saw a great t-shirt yesterday - &quot;Don't Let Cancer Steal 2nd Base&quot;, on the high school girl's softball players. 
@DianaWyatt  Heard Beach Boys Live singing Good Vibrations,Sounded terrible.Nothing like disc.lol 
@BrockSawyer Yep.. Already done a story on ping.fm.  Luv them!!!! Met them when their &quot;bot&quot; answered my &quot;help&quot; tweet&quot;. 
@katiecouric Help  STOP New Bill That Will Close Your Local Pawnshop and END CREDIT for Needy Americans! http://savemypawnshop.com/
@WBTV_News Help  STOP New Bill That Will Close Your Local Pawnshop and END CREDIT for Needy Americans! http://savemypawnshop.com/
Getting ready to do some more video recording for Being Healthy TV.  
So many of matter of WHENS and not IFS in this world.  Predicting the WHEN is so hard.  Have you seen Money as Debt yet? Google it if not 
@JerseyJoeyGirl Hey girl! I'm gr8! U should listen 2 Retro Rewind! Playing lots of NKOTB! 
Bed. Hopefully i get a goodnights sleep. Gonna put on Family Force 5 
Had A PERFECT Day with Darren &amp; Chloe, The Weather was so BEAUTIFUL today. I had one of the best days Ive had in a Long long Time 
@Mad_As_A_Rabbit Hahaha...no it was FINALLY warm and sunny here today and wouldn't you know I got sunburned  lol xoxo
@JessicaJobes First trip facing forward? Wonderful! When will his first &quot;face forward&quot; trip to the Oprah Boards occur? 
@StikkiV How Fun! No, I'm not. Enjoy the music and beautiful California sunshine 
Saw 17 Again tonight, was surprisingly awesome! Saw a preview for Fame, looks (not surprisingly) awesome. Shopping online 
Good Nights To The Internets... I will return tomorrow to Type up Chapter 2! ._. &quot;No Way...&quot;  Yes way...  I got an email, Ill share too!
@mitaliperkins Just finished Secret Keeper for #readathon  Absolutely adored it! Reviewing for Picnic Basket @DSloanandco Thank You 
Loving My Zune For Letting Me Listen To Music When Ever I Need To 
Projects ? Creations  ? Wack Out Your Walls  http://bit.ly/1p2lb #postrank #crafts
Tweet dreams all u tweeple!  Getting sum much needed shutteye!  Praying the weather changes its mind and its warm tomorrow! 
Whew! Long one! Heading to bed to get ready for another! Hustle Hustle hustle 
Take my special Peek quiz...: Quiz me It's made for the Radio Shack store staff  Kind of dull. http://ping.fm/4tT2R
Is watching Queen Of The Damned 
Ch. 48 of Wide Awake now available...YES!!!  Guess I'm not sleeping tonight.  
@geminikid_01 Wait wait... You still got one whole month!! Patience!! 
@InkBlue For sure, and it's all mine, besides laundry room!  Making sure boys don't come down here? Oh they do...
Let's Stay Together Live at the Music Museum  http://tinyurl.com/clvs7a
@audreywalker Hey honey - you really looked great in Crackin' The Code - really solid work (especially when Alexis was around  )
Listening to good ol' 'When You Look Me In The Eyes'. 
@sunshine_ Thank you Sunshine  What happened to you btw? It's been ages since you've been in Twitterland.
@mig90 Yessum?  Sorry. I left The World Of The Internet a while before you got on.
. . . Paramore's &quot;All We Know Is Falling&quot; now. Hayley Williams is so pretty 
Just finished watching Revenge Of The Nerds.  DH was amazed that I had never seen it.  And I was a big time nerd 
@InnerSanctumEU Congrat. For the Down 
Re-pinging @Raevyn: Ugh... The boredom.... Entertain me????  u know ur pathetic right?
Giants game AND The Killers!!!!!!! Should be a good day! 
@Duard0 More importantly, what DIDN'T you do? Naaah, I just got the Marathon trilogy and I was saying thanks  http://bit.ly/wS2ex
@shizzle408 sent you a message.. Definitely down to work.. Hit me up 
@lurkey That must be the sequel to &quot;Every Time You Masturbate God Kills A Kitten&quot;. You're EVIL! But funny. I like you 
Guy Sebastian -  Love This Song  Title Track off the Closer To The Sun Album ? http://blip.fm/~4kov6
@mattchristopher Great!  Try to get some sleep or .... Better Yet .... You could go get me a Mountain Dew  JK
Prodigy Blasting Out, I Do Feel For My Neighbours Not 
http://twitpic.com/3l5wm - 18th Party Last Nite Was So Great .. The club we hit after it was awesome  .. was just a tad drunk lol
Doing The Final Touches To The Forums; http://simsgalore.co.uk/forum/index.php 
@KaitlinSpedding Loving the One News Video! Pretty Cool!  Didthe news guys contact you or you contact them?
@HemalRadia Just Reflecting Your Light Hemal! You Shine ((((((( HemalRadia )))))))  Hugs!
@miss_paula Started back with WoW? Interesting  How's Odessa? Frankston was really fun, it was a good night.
@edObie Suggestion for the lil' one's twittter account: edOblet There's my contribution 
Gorgeous Weather We Seem To Be Having In Manchester!! 
cant wait for Bandslam!!  &lt;3 and Hannah Montana The Movie &amp;&amp; 17 Again!
Is Going Dancing Today  x Have A Nice Day All   See You In An Hour Or 3 Hahahaha! x
Is Going To Flavourz For Lunch 
Don't Forget To Check Out The Site! http://simsgalore.co.uk 
@Metal_Rocks Why thank you 
@kuti3xoxo Are you serious? Lol. That's cool! I live off of Rainbow and Smoke Ranch 
Note To Self: Do not type when you aren't fully awake. Example: It's Supper Cool :p going back to bed 
Listen 2 The Veronicas-Untouched ! They rock 
Forgot how much I adore &quot;Some Like It Hot&quot;... It's just the most gorgeously funny film. An irreplaceable classic! 
Is Sitting In Her Garden Soaking Up Some Of The Good Old English Rayss 
Whats the difference between peanut butter and jam? #HIMYM Refer: How I met Your Mother's last episode.. I know the answer 
Are Family Marriage Counselors utilized enough During Tough Times? http://bit.ly/tXzX1 - Feel free to comment 
&quot;How Sweet It Is To Love Someone, How Right It Is To Care....&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/cll2ab I never get sick of this song.....ENJOY!!! 
@britneyspears Hey Britney You Rock  Love your New CD...my Fav Song is If you seek amy
bought tickets to the You Me At Six concert yesterday, which means I'm seeing them twice within three days in June. Awesome. 
@tommcfly Hey Tom Me And My Friends Were Wondering Are You Guys Doing T4 On The Beach This Year? 
Sat In The Car.. In A Cyclists Only Bay! COZ THTS WER DAD PARKED THE CAR! How Dumb! Evri1ns Lukin At Me Sat Here Lmao Dads In Shop  xxx
@FAREWELLtheband Hey, When's The New Album Out? And When You Coming Back To The UK?  x
@missynickyxx for Britains Got Talent? What did you do? 
MacGyver! Bestest was The A-Team:  http://tr.im/jafR We played A-Team in the forest with my Brother and friends 
Rise&amp;Shine earlii Twitter Bunnies...On the way to work Once again. This morning is so beautiful so SUNNY ... i love it 
@tommcfly Tom.. I love your hair atm.. Very good... I prefer it short!! Can't wait for up close tour.. 8th May in Manchester  Love You x
@AnnieApples WOW!Your work is phenomenal! I'd hire you in a heartbeat if I controlled a marketing budget.Congrats.Long way from Glow Inc 
@emboosh Well, Did You Go About Singing Cheetah Girls Songs?  lol xo
Alright, A Great Honest Tool That Makes You Twitteriffic!! http://bitly.com/V6EMd  Just Started Using Yesterday  Enjoy
Smile Like You Mean It 
@redheadnewsgirl Help  STOP New Bill That Will Close Your Local Pawnshop and END CREDIT for Needy Americans! http://savemypawnshop.com/
clearing out &quot;My Received Folder.&quot; Loads of crap in there but also some absolute gems too. Hydrogen Nikola mix of 'Just Can't Get Enough' 
@macjasp A bit of Scouting For Girls should do the trick 
Indigo Girls on NPR.  Whenever I go awhile w/out listening to their music, I'm always re-surprised at how beautiful it is. Sigh! 
My roommate gave me two hard-ons last night. Recipe: Half a Carona, Half a Mike's Hard Lemonade, optional shot of vodka. Delish 
@ZachSang Haha Yay Have Fun In CT To See Tiffany Giardina  Tell Her I Said Hey&lt;3 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
I Work Well Under Pressure  French Done  History To Goo....
@JustDianaaa Omg Ahh Have Fun In CT With Push Play  I Really Wish I Was Able To Go ! I Miss You Lots and Miss The BoyS&lt;3 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@DJSaucee I Don't Know The Club Scene Out There But When I Visited DC 6 yrs Ago. The Women Were Beautiful. Never Seen Anything Like It. 
Hey Twitterverse... Meet Jedi! The coolest mini daschund in the galaxy 
No Meet The Press or Inside Washington. Just lovely quietness.  w/ a few giggles.
@truckergirl07 Dancing/grinding at a bar?  Makeup?  Who are you and what did you do with my Linds? 
To all the Sun Runners: You guys rock! Have a great 10k--we're sending &quot;No Rain!&quot; vibes your way 
Had a great weekend in Stephenville, Waco &amp; Cranfills Gap! Headed to the studio to listen to the rough of the LIVE @ RRIH CD 
@RobPattinson_ Another Crazy Twilight/Edward Fan. I Know Millions Have Told Yu This But Yur Just Amazing. that Brazilian Chick Suits Yu 
went to 2 movies over the weekend - Observe &amp; Report and The Knowing... both good. 
Goooooooooooo Ducks Can't Wait 4 Tonight's Game!!!!!  Woo Hoo!!!   Love You Guys!!!:*
If pegging clothes out is the new rock'n'roll, me and @raecheybaby are the new Rolling Stones. So much laundry, so many pegs 
@MyAppleStuff OK I read it. Heresy! ;) Sitting down? Mixed genders?Food? Your British subject status is about 2 B revoked! Stay in Spain. 
@sensovi What a ?Darling? husband.  Your OWN Kenya coffee.  Mine is a generic from the store.  Still pretty good.  Peets next week! 
I Am Watchin The United Match  xxx
Today Is Gonna Be A Great Day!  Off To Work In 30....
@trickyshirls Why thank you. Next one's for you! 
On Msn Waiting For My Food 
OceanUp Fan @eekziex3 back with another cover, Miley's-The Climb. Pretty impressive  http://tinyurl.com/cx69tl
@SnarkySabs Trying to write.  However the Gods of Focus &amp; Attention Span are not favoring me today  How about you? Get that French Toast?
@JustDianaaa Have Fun Girl  I'm Jealous! I Miss You Lots! Ahh Push Play Concert Whoooo  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
Good News Everyone I Quit Smoking Today 
just turned from the foolery known as For the love of Ray J to the My Black is Beautiful special on BET.celebrating lovely blk women 
@eoghanquigg  ii Have The Cd  ii Lovee When you look me in the eyes My Fav 
Yard sale. Im already burned ! Come  its On Euclid and 21St
I like this TweetDeck.  Now I can see who is what doing and I don't need to log in! Pretty cool, I'm always up-to-date with Simple Plan.
@LittleFletcher Hi Carrie! How are you? Girl, Brazil love you! Come visit here! Have a nice day!  xx
I have the hymn &quot;Up From The Grave He Arose&quot; stuck in my head. That's not a bad thing - it's actually one of my FAVORITE hymns. 
@MussoMitchel =D Hiii Your Awsome! My Lil Bro Says Hi Too  Can i Please Have a Shout Out 
Im back, the energy of this house is a shit. Every Day this energy down. [/Fake  , but is a shit!
@stormtwitter Thanks!  We should of thought to add a duet from Grease.  Next time.  
Request! Iggy Pop ~ The Passenger for @CattyG very neat lady! Check her out, &amp; enjoy Iggy!   ? http://blip.fm/~4laza
@pugofwar Crusader Strike. Assuming you are going retribution. And then Divine Storm at 60. At that point you have 3 buttons to push 
Dropping The Hard + The Heavy CD on my MacBook &amp; The Essential Iron Maiden Collection.    Good Music for WoW Battlegrounds hehe
My Tummy is Getting Bigger  the Baby is Growing!!! WOOT WOOT 11 Weeks for me!!!
Do The Ricky Bobby &amp;&amp; Stop &amp;&amp; Pose For The Fame 
@Blacklikeneon Really? Cause I heard the exact opposite. Friend said people were walking out lol. I hope it's good for you anyways 
@YESandME Just Try Barney..What is It? Maybe We Can Help You...Blockheads Know To Neva Say Neva 
@Arngrim Congrats on The PROTECT Our Children Act!! I was catching up on my news, and had to say congrats to you...Way to go! 
@YESandME @Twiter_ME_This We are Down Low Low Low... So Bring it On 
Ready For School, I have Chocolate Cake. 
40 Amazing online photo mag :http://tinyurl.com/c4uolz #Smashing Magazine / They are very appealing 
Chocolate Cake is good  Let the Torture of School Begin...
@AubreyODay Call Virginia, 201 920 6173!  much love.
@AubreyODay please Call Virginia, 201 920 6173!  much love, hun. xoxo
So I think i'm going to call it a night... &quot; Twinkle Twinkle Little Star How I Wonder What You Are...&quot; On my way to sleepville. 
doesn't get why more movies aren't made in 3D. Imagine Terminator, Die Hard, Harry Potter, etc., all in 3D! It'll be Mind Blasting 
 Found a place to buy Secret Agent Sam. Now where to get it for free...
Violet Hill followed by Let Your Good Heart Lead You Home, perfect  #fb
@DianaWyatt  Haa Haa Liz likes The Carpenters.Has all their Albums,What else can I play lol 
Son No. 1 wakes up for a drink of water.  Really both are no. 1.    Just older son gets up.  Get him back to bed.  Surf the news now.
Try Holy Cow! Serious Sauces! Introductory offer 99p in ASDA! Add Madrasi Hot Mint to yogurt for a refreshing dip! www.holycowfc.com 
Made it from Vegas .. That drive wasn't as bad as I thought welp going to sleep love yu all twitterbugs! Muah xoxoxo 
is currently listening to &quot;Introduce Yourself&quot; by Faith No More #FNM #musicmonday #fuckmikepatton 
Tell all your friends to visit www.tinyurl.com/panicringtones for their FREE Panic At The Disco ringtones! 
@adnrw Aw, I ate it all! Next time. And I will make a huge effort and chop the peanuts 
@rachel_lee_94 LOL! Next time I'm passing by I'll pop in for a laugh 
@iCharlotte IMO: Superstar, Hush, Once More With Feeling. But really - it should be a BTUB long weekend. 
Grr Throat soar. Voice getting lost. Because lost is lost. But I hope my voice doesn't get lost while getting lost. Trippy 
@mongooseson Morning not odd no. Strange. Hehe. Only joking. I can't bear black tea- like builders best.Like earl grey too. 
Well, Hello.... Bright, Shiny New Week!! 
Just earned $40 for helping out at some VIP event. Something along the lines of the anniversary of the Pope's inauguration. Yay, money 
@KerryCATTELL What About Black.Black Goes With Anything..But I Bet You Get Somthing Pink And Girly  x
No Kristian Digby and Ed Hall on To Buy Or Not To Buy, dissapointing.  
added a Robben Ford transcription for the tune called The Brother. Really cool track  Recording guitars today for new play along tracks...
Woosh. Stand Still, Look Pretty - The Wreckers. 
@ChrisWalshie We may have to have a contest of our own. I got mine this morning  Same UK based problem  Kinda expected it really 
Just bought &quot;Inside Steve's Mind&quot; on Pustak for a steal. Long time since I bought a book for myself. 
Listening to this mixtape I downloaded called &quot;Falling In Love At A Coffee Shop.&quot; Beautiful songs. 
&quot;IF U Can Dream It, U Can Do It&quot; X Walt Disney, Share Our Dream and see how we did it... at http://short.to/54vm Cheers, Lou-ann 
Just downloaded Tweetie For mac (AKA BigBird). Better than the beta, but still not awesome... DestroyTwitter FTW! 
#Tweetie #Help @atebits_support Nevermind - Cmd+Enter does the trick 
@Miss_JennJenn intersting so far... Christina Aguilera cover is a bit leftfield  Hey, That's No Way To Say Goobye is pretty...
@Miss_JennJenn intersting so far... Christina Aguilera cover is a bit leftfield  Hey, That's No Way To Say Goobye is pretty...
I can hear strains of Joni Mitchell's A Case Of You from somewhere.  k, time to go explore this mysterious North Terminal! 
Happiest girl alive! I passed the theroy test!  Whatever you did to make it happen, thank you!
Time for school. Don't want to go but hey, at least it's a B-Day. No Mrs. Nizza. 
@britneyspears Hey Britney Thanks For The Follow Hope Your Ok  !!! What U Up 2?? !! xxxx Luv Ya !!!
Morning Twitterland! In the words of Danny Wood, I just twatted you! LOL! Is it too early in the day to use that word? 
@cycomer OMG CY! &quot;like Cy Young&quot; On the @adamcarolla show! Great question to Danica  Never a better time to be a nerd
Woooahhh 4/20  ...Yeah, Working and Won't Be Home Till Way After Sundown =(
Well thats me done! Thats a record I think for the shortest Tweet session! Off to get ready, catch you all on the flip side later  Bye xx
Ughh Is Mad Bored At Vo-Tech Dis Morning Dnt Feel Like Typing Nothin Ready To Get Bak To PHS All Smiles Doe  
Even though it's a Dreary Rainy Monday morning.....make it your goal to do a Random Act of Kindness Today 
Wanna check out Coldplay play Wembley Stadium? Enter online right now through the Inside Edge at edge.ca! GOOD LUCK 
STARBUCKS - VIDEO: TAMSTER's very 1st MTV.  The Next ANTONOV ...: Just Copy or click this link.  http://.. http://bit.ly/aYMF9
Good morning!!! Up and excited about a new day, the sun is shining so gorgeously on the Olympic Mountains!! What a view!!!! 
@yesitslizzy lol. True. Butter uhhh ... Rutgers aint nowhere near la... Or san fran... Or ojai for that matter. Neither is authentic. 
Be Yourself - Everybody Else is Already Taken   
Argh. Its soo hot on this bus. First day back wasn't too bad. Tomorrow night's gonna be goooood 
8 Massive Life Lessons For Entrepreneurs - http://tinyurl.com/cpl4yu - Please Share 
@Pogue Sun + Oracle ( Anagram ) = So Unclear 
Has just entered the Run to the Beat Half Marathon - Yikes!  Come along and join me!?  Mail info@zenityhealthandfitness.com for details. 
Question is @shintz are you following @britneyspears? 
@OfficialAshleyG Changes all the time but right now....My Life Would Suck Without You....my son likes it when I sing that. 
@EricS576 Sweet! I love AOL Radio.  It's called The Shamans Brew, it's a cast by Marcus Leader.
@codyrobert SCORE! Definitely doing that tomorrow! Sweet dreams you two 
Enjoyed going to the Center For Inquiry for the first time this weekend. Saw astronomer, Phil Plait, talk about our unfriendly universe 
MA Wee Brooke Has A Croaky Throat. Its Sooo  Cute!!!! 
After I Clean The Rest Of The Twigs And The Limbs Out Of The Yard On Tuesday, Afterwards.. Maybe Wednesday, I'll Mow.... I Dunno... Tired 
@brittanywerts @corbsc does make a good entertainer...esp when he's passed out on the back porch. Next time we should sharpie him 
@ArthrReeeeD:  Heard TV On The Radio's gonna be there.  Everybody else is just a bonus  ? http://blip.fm/~4okoa
Walk was PERFECT!!!  I highly recommend walking for Everyone; It's Magical!!!  ;-)  Alright...I'll Stop...    Goodnight All!!!!  :LTD)(
Flight's at 7:45 am. Still must pack and finish some stuff. Half-bottle of wine on table. Could use workout at gym. Stay up all night? 
&quot;IF U Can Dream It, U Can Do It&quot; X Walt Disney, Share Our Dream and see how we did it... at http://short.to/54vm Cheers, Lou-ann 
Started working at the Wolf 1 year ago today &amp; wow, what a year!  Thank you Regina! Looking forward to the future, life is good!
Some Say Im Heartless. Some Say Im A Playa. I Just Call It Being Socially Inclined 
@anzeodavid See You Tomorrow! We Can't Wait For The Performance @theOffice09! EVERYbody's Coming Back Out. 
Goat milk for breakfast. Taste of childhood. My grandmother had goats while I was a kid. Did not like it then, do not like it now. 
Eeek! Excited! Just checked diary and it's the PJ Harvey gig tomorrow night!! Big treat 
Hard at work! Doing econs assessments online voluntarily. Haha. Next week's exam week! Learning mahjong after that. 
@foote85 Cheers Footie! What's really good at the dolphin. Should do a case study one weekend at KBT.. 
@Crack_Morris LOL. I cannot wait for Fighting, the movie! And no, I don't live there. I wish I did! Maybe soon 
Pound For Pound, Your Blackberry  Costs More Than an Apache Helicopter : http://is.gd/tC40 (just a comparision 
@j3nna Checked Tom's prospective Multiply IDs. All of them are available, hehe. I like tomalgebra, though. Rolls off the tongue 
@ColineCreuzot Yu Sang BEAUTIFULLY @OfficeTuesdays Last Week! Thanks So Much. Party With Us Tomorrow, We Owe Yu A Drink &amp; A PhotoShoot! 
Waiting2 Hear From Ally About Our Video &amp; Also My Hands Bright Red From A Slap Game Wid Adam Grrrr .... I Could Of Taken Him 
New Psy-Trance promo is Finally ready for FREE download!!! Head to http://www.mediafire.com/?jnnmtaw3n45 and get a piece of psy pie 
Thanks Everyone!  All Grand Master Monks sold out @ CL.  Want to get one?  Ask your favorite shops to stock it asap.  
I've Seen Heroes Star, Greg Grunberg's TWITTER, And I Feel Powered-UP To Customize Mine! 
Qst definizione mi piace e rende bene l'idea: &quot;Windows UI - The World Of Never-Ending Choices and Apple's Revenge&quot; 
@TeamEllen having great fun watching your antics! So jealous of your impending trip! Maybe I'll start a &quot;Mission: Marry Buble&quot;  lol 
Listening to Tynisha Keli...... &quot; I Told Ya&quot; I Hope Everyone Watched The Hills!! I Freakin Love That Show. 
Morning Peeps, The Suns Out, I've got a Job so lets be happy and njoy the Day  Good Vibe Ting 2day
Finished writing the How to Study and Pass exams Guide. Courses Start again in July. Already had great results with 16-21 age groups!!! 
@tinja69 yeah sure  I need to use a double pass ticket as well to Mall Cop. You can watch 17 Again if you want.
I'm baacckk. Did ya miss me? Yay! Matt is G-O-N-E! Woohoo! Now, Dancing With The Stars. Buh-byee 
My Heart Skips A Beat Every Time You Say I Love You To Me     
Biology in 5 minutes.. :Zzzz Only 3 more weeks!!  :L
&quot;IF U Can Dream It, U Can Do It&quot; X Walt Disney, Share Our Dream and see how we did it... at http://short.to/54vm Cheers, Lou-ann 
@sarahmaclean Finished The Season!  I'll review it soon.
Seen the Southern selection? Now watch the Wild Wonders of Northern Europe  Enjoy! http://tinyurl.com/cjqhh2
@rolsteins    &quot;Give Me Control Of Nation's Money Supply, And I Care Not Who Makes Its Laws&quot;  / just in case /
@Charles_Liebert Just ask Fair Play Interactive 
*sings to Carry On My Wayward Son* It's 3:16 AM and I'm half way through my essay! It's due in 5 hours!  YAY COLLEGE!!!!
If you haven't heard Halo (All I Play-Oh) yet I suggest you check it out. Funny  http://tinyurl.com/cc2rmz
Sitting in my own thoughts and listening to Cardboard Cutout  Couldn't be much better
@ToddJazz Thx. Really busy with lots of teaching, composing/producing and music related webstuff. Life's good. You still kicking ass? 
On my way to do a Get Lean In 12 workout..then to bible study with my Boyz...Its my favorite time of the week.  Its C&amp;E. Christ &amp; Energy.
The &quot;But I Might Need It Someday&quot; Syndrome  http://ow.ly/3pQY - funny how i'm like this. i need to stop! 
Chris Elwell Interview - Optimizing Your Blog For Search Engines - http://bit.ly/NE3fB - Please Share 
&quot;IF U Can Dream It, U Can Do It&quot; X Walt Disney, Share Our Dream and see how we did it... at http://short.to/54vm Cheers, Lou-ann 
Lush day and off to work. Gutted! Should be quiet though 
Need a shirt like Andy Sambergs. The Human ATM one especially. 
&quot;Headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch With a peanut butter, jelly, chicken, tuna sandwich&quot; - 'Rain Man' by Eminem 
@AlonsoSolorzano All the Luck in your Tennis Match Just Some Motivation. I have Faith In you. Dont lose to a Ten year Old.  Night ;)
@ChiQueenDiva Thanks For Putting Me In The Late Night Edition Of Your Follow Friday. Much Love. 
is tired! ... But I'm soo STOKED for this! Rock Out With Your Cock Out! Yay!!! 
@Chold1 Pretend it's basketball.  27 after 4 quarters would be good, right?  
@JdotRose One More Thing . Your Sexy 
I wish we could see how many times Vs The Ring has been played, because I know it's been playing none stop here! #savechuck #chuck 
@cnpsupport  &quot;Call-centre Disasters And Why Customer Relationship Management Is Often Destroyed&quot;: http://bit.ly/ezeVI 8 via @cnpsupport )
@Alyssa_Milano  Thought #2: In regard to &quot;Oops. Busted. Shhh. Bye.&quot;  Is someone getting addicted to Twitter?  ha ha ha  
@annemarie3steps Hi. It's nice to meet you! I hope all is well up there in Canada  Have a nice weekend.
@NikNaki I'm good!!  ;) Jesus Loves Us The Most!!
MOVIE NIGHT, Havent Done This In A While,  Junkfood, Horror Flick, Lights Down, Cozy Couch, You Cant Ask For More On A Rainy Friday Night 
@bhwilkoff We just read Looking Glass Wars; Kids wanted 2 read Alice in Wndrland; so we snagged the podcast, now the text via BookGlutton 
Off for 7 Days, YaY me  Going to a Wedding Today(Saturday) woohoo! Still a little uspet with the whole BF Thing, Now Ex Bf but oh well!
Watching new episode of Escape To Chimp Eden ~ 1 of the best shows ever.  Cozy is my favorite  So glad they brought the show back!
So much crap to do tomorrow morning/afternoon. Wake up. Bike ride. Shower. Rehearsal. Get ready for prom. Well, testo mi. Arrivederci 
@AddrianLove It was a good one! Watching The Devil Wears Prada...good motivation! 
break through!  Woohoo.  Persistance pays off.  Staying here fiddling with variables is so worth it. 
Got bck frm School. Having a Show on 13th of ths Month. People love my Hair 
Mmm...good dinner &amp; Bellini. Now watching some adventure movie...Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull. Gotta love the Indiana! 
@TherealWill I Just saw Wild Wild West again.. haha Everything Will Smith is a classic. Good night twitterbuggs 
Heading To Sleep With A Cottonball Drenched In Rubbing Alcohol Taped To My FACE! Eh Im Not Trippin No &quot;FML&quot; Abbreviations Apply Here TTYL 
to everyone out there in the world...Somebody loves you!!!! keep your head up, and never follow..Goodnite World 
Been makin videos ALL day! Too much fun. Keep an eye open for them on your Renegade Professional Campus 
I Love The Way It Feels Outside Tonight Man, The Quiet, IDK Theres Something About Today That Was SO Tranquil To Me, Welp Goodnight Twits 
@GiniLovesJonas Cool! What you seeing? DT Cinemas just emailed saying its not coming to Palmy b/c we don't have a 3D cinema for it.. 
@deon Tell me about it  Re : Sharing TU
Busy with a little surfing, emails and will soon start playing either some UT 2004 or DoW  Methinks O need some new games.
maybe next week!the OFFICIAL Release of You Belong With Me Music Video by Taylor Swift!!!!and so so excited 
Busy day. Job interview was good, party was good, homemade mead and porter was GOOD! Instead of coffee in the morning, I have Geek Beer 
@imdb  Just saw Hugh Jackman in X-Men Origins, It was AWESOME !!  Going to check out Ghosts of Girlfriends Past in a day or two  !
Chuck's chances changing?: Shared by Bondo    What's this? Word on the street says NBC is moving towards a.. http://tinyurl.com/dfxepk
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @OfficeDivvy  http://tr.im/jvgU
As I Admire My Temple, I Think About You &amp; Your Kiss That's So Hard To Break Away From. Worshiper, You Know Who You Are     Night, Tweeple
Ooh. Going to be on SAFM in 10 mins talking about @Food24 Quirky Restaurant Awards. Best get up. Or... get the portable landline. 
@frenchiebscott U knw whtt..ur so flippn rite! Lol!!! Maybe bein lazy will pay off 4 my ass 2!! Watchn Family Matters nw. 
Whoa. I Shot The Sherrif! Forgot about that one in the mix 
Okay, 3 choices of all time fave 80s films to watch tonight: 1)Dead Poets Society 2)When Harry Met Sally 3)Top Gun. So, which one folks? 
@depechemode Hi! If you want, you can visit a few photos of my Deluxe Set of SOTU here: http://tinyurl.com/cvl3d7 
says Boom Clap Boom De Clap De Clap      Let Me Tell You Bout Hard Work, Mininum Wage With A Baby On The Way
@NctrnlBst Next time my friend. 
I Got The New NeverShoutNever Song Stuck On My Head&amp;&amp; Its Called &quot;Stuck On You&quot; 
Beautiful day here.  Everyone fed and watered, washing on the line.  Might sit down in the sun and read for a while    Bliss
I'm Supa Bored                                                                                                       Yay For twitter Spam 
Heart of Virginia festival day! We're setting up the vendors &amp; Entertainment. See you Downtown Farmville! Say hello to the blue shirts 
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @kasi42  http://tr.im/jvgU
Dear Maria-All time Low 
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @RCcarboy  http://tr.im/jvgU
@_Hayley__ It's ace, and a well sneaky way to get fit I feel. Oh, also, I wrote you a song... it's call Get A Day Ticket For Download 
PLEASE, SUBSCRIBE ME! Wilber Pan ??? feat. Akon - Be With You MV &gt;&gt; http://tinyurl.com/c3makk THANKS!! 
Woo hoo! For the 1st time all week, i've managed 2 sleep past half 7. Xxx 
@Metal_Rocks  That would be nice. Throw in a couple if injuries and we're in!! 
Going to the Canucks game tonight! Cant sleep, too exited. Like, 'Jizz In My Pants' excited 
(@nicarmstrong) Going to the Canucks game tonight! Cant sleep, too exited. Like, 'Jizz In My Pants' excited 
Redone the &quot;Presenting Magically&quot; video with Viddler - http://tinyurl.com/dz9g78 too  (via @davedawes) Cool vid
@TeamCyrus iloveyourname  it's nicer than mine  Have you seen the Hannah Monatanna: The Movie yet?
Ahhhh weekend.  Which means lots of yummy cups of tea, amazing books, great company. Yay! Bring it on. Love my life.
Mother's Day Dinner Today... Off To The Grocery Store! 
Will definitely see Revenge of The Fallen this June. Oh LaBeouf...and Fox. Mm. 
When Did Your Heart Go Missing. 
@superbeccax Haha SOOO JEALOUS ATM. Lol but glad you had fun no? Lol - Is 'Down Goes Another One' just as amazing live?  xx
@CyberWasteland Eh. Like I said, I want Doctor Who : The Video Game, not Doctor Who : Buckets of Blood. 
@MissMarvinHumes Lmao Ive Acturly Done That Bfore.. They Looked At Me As If To Say Are You On Drugs? 
Went through Doors, Zep, The Who, Miles Davis and now Ozzie. Man, iLove shuffle playlists and song requesters. 
@queenhilby Lol. This one does ;-) Guess what?! I saw finale of Pushing Daisies today. Will not spoil 
Official Derby pick.. 1) Pioneerof the Nile.. 2) I Want Revenge.. 3) Papa Clem.. If it hits I'll be tweeting from an island somewhere 
Gosh ! Just Woke Up . @keshiaford Good Morning ! I Love You  
Columbo followed by Carry On Screaming. My Saturday keeps getting better. I just need somebody to give some free money now 
A Smile Costs Nothing 2 Give, But Could Mean The World 2 Sum1, So Give Them Out &amp; Make The World A Better Place!  
Be Kinder Than Necessary Because Everyone You Meet Is Fighting Some Kind Of Battle. 
@CristinaSR Enjoy the Doctor Who exhibition! 
The Way Of The FIst By Five Finger Death Punch! Really awesome album, kinda grown on me. Totally brootal!   http://twurl.nl/j0odqr
Fuckin Hell! My Picture Is Too Big! Want A Holidayyyy =] Need Come New Clothes, Always Do!  'Xo
WOW ... What is that BIG Yellow thing in the Sky that is Putting off heat.. Everything is SO Bright . I may need to buy Sunglasses. Enjoy 
*Say it Clearly and not like I said you to do it.  
Jst Woke Up . . Bored Home  ------ FREE My Fathe PEDIE ; Fxck Dummies ;
Started working through my list of &quot;things to do after leaving work&quot;. 1) Finish watching &quot;How I Met Your Mother&quot; 
Twitter Success = Sharing, Caring, ReTweeting, Being Yourself, Being Positive &amp; with a Dash of Humor (via @Iconic88) - too true 
@wanndaling Nah just Bring Back Wanns Sense To Check Before She Sends 
@4everequine Morning! Thanks!  I've got Friesan Fire to win w/ General Quarters as my dark horse win. Either one and I'll be happy. 
The AP Tour is tonight so excited and 5 more day until The Forever The Sickest Kids 
@CandyGirl24 That Sucks And I Really Hope You Start Feeling Better 
@ddlovato Demi!! Please tell everyone to buy Girls Aloud Untouchable! Every tweet helps  ty x
@ddlovato Demi!! Please tell everyone to buy Girls Aloud Untouchable! Every tweet helps  ty xo
@ddlovato Demi!! Please tell everyone to buy Girls Aloud Untouchable! Every tweet helps  ty x
@ddlovato Demi!! Please tell everyone to buy Girls Aloud Untouchable! Every tweet helps  ty xo
&quot;Adobe Creative Suite Pillows Are All About Design&quot; I may get the the collection  http://tinyurl.com/ca5tob
10 In The Morning And Going To Eat Breakfast 
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @f5m_club  http://tr.im/khLq
Morning! Music Fest Today At The Bandshell, So Stoked To See Pathway To Providence 
@KurtisC_Nyte That is awesome Nyte.  
 &quot;Promote My Site - Getting to the Front Page and Other Places in Social Media&quot; ( http://tinyurl.com/dflzg4 )
http://is.gd/w7Ww His Master's Voice - MMS ji says India has no case against Q - Isn't it funny  #indiavotes09#bofors
...Pushing Daisies, The Reaper, Sit Down Shut Up, The Big Bang Theory y las season finales de Heroes y Chuck y en eso ocupare mi sabado 
Ordered the Green Eggs &amp; Ham. Just call me Dr. Suess 
Amazing night with Em and Meg!  Getting ready to cheer for the Chicago Force. Now where are my pom-poms?!
@mileycyrus Miley!  Please tell everyone to buy Girls Aloud Untouchable! Every tweet helps  ty xo
@mileycyrus Miley!  Please tell everyone to buy Girls Aloud Untouchable! Every tweet helps  ty x
@jordanmccoy Hi Jordan!  This is Rachel, your Singapore Fan! Hope all is well with you!  Enjoy prom! Have loads of fun! 
Last Night Was Jokes &lt;3 @mileycyrus The HM Movie Was Awesome. Yuur Such A Great Actress  &amp; A Great Role Model. Love Ya xoxo &lt;3
@feliciaday Bring It On Again is on ABC Family right now. Never thought of you as the cheerleader type 
@laurieann444 I am so happy to hear they played Follow My Way.  They were practicing b4 show in Seattle.  Excellent!!!! More 4 U 2Nite!!! 
Burried In The Text Books Today...Damn - Life Of an Educated Black Female - Yup! 
Cranky, but cute baby in portarlington. Seeing wolverine again now 
Had the carpet cleaned this morning. Looks brand new. Picking up a box fan and the new Queen Mattress is being delivered before the Game. 
This Is The Best Day Ever - My Chemical Romance...because it is. 
Mmmmm Pizza I Like   Still can't Believe I saw Pink In Liverpool and She Was Absolutely Amazing i Love Her She's my Idol
Fuck Off, Taylor! At least mine and Katiee's Alien babies don't have DOWN SYNDROM like yours and Pam's 
@_amberm YAY BABY!!! That's great! Dreamy classy place, prepare yourself for the Mistress!!!! 
Ahhh, A/C is repaired!  S.E. Central Texas is a bit uncomfortable w/o a/c   Sleep will be EZ 2nite.  Now, time to chill out :o!
The Front Fringe Is Back.  Still Loving The Henrie Six Pack 
has Finished there Demo Song For The Band  http://plurk.com/p/rfhg9
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @mark33  http://tr.im/khLq
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @XJDMJh  http://tr.im/khLq
Join My Exclusive Marketing Group @MasterSavage  http://tr.im/khLq
http://tinyurl.com/dy3uqe JONAS: Behind The Scenes Warning: may make you cry 
You probably have never listened to Lemon Jelly. You should. &quot;Tune for Jack&quot; and &quot;Page One&quot; are two phenominal tracks. Good afternoon 
@Mad_Macedonian Just meant the plots of a few of the Twilight Zone episodes are predictable. Still love them though 
!*Squeaky Out Goin To Bed Talk To Ya'll Tomorrow Night  *!
So my boyfriend is upset because the Bulls lost. Nothing else to do but to go to sleep.  Adios twitter! Early rise tomorrow morning. 
Joe Penny Ebay Auction for Wounded Warrior Project begins today ~~~ Good Luck and also Watch him on Cold Case again Tonight 
@curieuxdelune Can you believe I just now saw your reply? YES It was Stayin' Alive... I was amusing myself in the car. 
*sings &quot;And I Dont Need To Taste Your Lips...I've Satisfied My Appetite...Me And My Diry Mind...Been Working Over Time!&quot; 
Better hook up the iPhone.Just downloaded Assassin's Creed 
Left #Posh with #NewYorkCityBoy from #PetShopBoys. What a marvellous song for the last night! Enjoyed #NYC so much a get some new friends 
Is Extremely Bored  Trying To Get Heaps Of People To Follow Me  lol
@LittleKnoll Whoa! Cool. Such a gr8 time. R ur pics online? Went against Docs order but I know I'm healed. 
Sooooooo... sleeeeeeeeepy! Those Empanada's sure were good! You should try them! Going to bed! Sleep tight, my Tweeps! 
@amywhittier Friend! You are my first (maybe second) friend recruit! Welcome! Pay no attention to my politics  Or my sobriety. Friend!
@Sleepy_Insomnia At Uncle Ray's. There was food and everything  It was so crazy though! 2 rounds and Hatton was JACKED UP!
#Swine Flu ... from Swine to Swine or from Human to Human. So I'm going to enjoy my honey ham Thank You Very Much! 
Are you a Bath &amp; Body or Victoria's Secret fan If so click here http://offto.net/07dv2w/  Very reasonable. Probably why I like it! 
People Need To Add Me On Myspace  www.myspace.com/dg_ng. And Im 13 For Those Of You Who Dont Know And Ummm I Wanna Be The Perez
Goodnight Twittambers: More Updates and Discussions Tomorrow.  Force Be With You All.. - JL
Toronto. London. Costello's Super Amazing 30th Bday. Toronto. All in a days work. 
@MiDesfileNegro SERIOUSLY?!?? that's funny  I love The Jetset Life Is Gonna Kill You.
I watched Paul Blart Mall Cop, Knowing, and Underworld: Rise Of The Lycans. All excellent movies, check em out sometime 
@Tweet__Me_Right This day started off BAD but the Knight keeps getting better 
OOH everyone - go on iTunes and search 'Gerard Way - School of Visual Arts'. Seriously, it's an hour-long interview with Gee 
Mystic, Flowers, and Marshmallow (The PDS Moderators) are on Pandanda right now! Come join us on the Oak Server! 
3M 1860 Mask - Size Small - N95 - Box of 20 Available Now on http://healtandpersonalcare.the7dayshopping.com/ 
Done prefunkin with ciroc &amp; lemonade. Heading to XS? Where the hell YOU at?! 
@HeartDog  Beautiful. What a dog 
Funny Lemur Video - I Like to Move It, Move It?  http://tinyurl.com/dm2uc8
Eight Reasons Your Next Computer Should Be a Mac http://bit.ly/28f6R ..(but i have got Dell  )
@DavidArchie I was just listening to Somebody Out There and that is one awesome song, just thought I'd put that out there 
@GirlLookAtYou Thank You . . . I Think. Lol. Now About To Upload A New Cheryl Cole One  xx
[Blog] Are you a member of the N.R.A?: Cold_Embrace asked: Nachos Rifles Alcohol Mmm ... Good combination!  http://s3nt.com/gbg5
@chyeahitsalicia Yes! Together at the concert. They were hiding backstage  Aaaand, they couldn't step out. Too many people waiting. LOL!
Had a REALLY productive morning. Weird eh!!! Going to grab a bath then meeting Dave in marina for a few drinks and some food 
Had a REALLY productive morning. Weird eh!!! Going to grab a bath then meeting Dave in marina for a few drinks and some food 
Whoaah I Hav Changed My Profile Picture Now 
@ArtemisPenny  Yep.    Talbot's &quot;Path of Miracles&quot;
Home Sweet Home.... had a gr8 night.... Met Her Fine Ass Tonite Too ;) Now Me Go To BED 
On my way back from College Station with Steph. Went to the Falling Whistles MOVE event and got to see my sis! Both awesome! 
@Zaidah1 We should go &quot;Where the Streets have no name&quot; and get the &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot; with &quot;Desire&quot;  PS: All by U2
@Tittch Listening to Bowie. And just like Bowie I send you my *Word On a Wing*... x x x 
@frostfire right-click + &quot;Save Image As...&quot;? (sorry, couldn't resist 
finally managed to get &quot;Hot Blooded&quot; as her ringtone!!! Now I just need someone to call me... 
@ChesterBe &quot;Leave Out All The Rest&quot; is the best thing you and Mike have ever written. Thank you for this song! It's my personal anthem 
A Key to Life is K.I.S.S. &quot;Keep It Simple Stupid&quot;  
@theDebbyRyan : I never would've guessed you listened to A Day To Remember... Pretty cool 
Nasty Falling You Ever Seen  http://bit.ly/E5zBy lol at this video 
Ready to watch my dad from start to finish!  First, starbucks  Very cool, track ur fav Flying Pig Marathon runner http://bit.ly/ByYee
@kyleandjackieo  I think shelly looks okay,  Vote For Harold! 
@MarioSoulTruth Mannn, Im so amped for &quot;And Then There Was Me&quot;. Break-Up is a banga. Turn Her On is a sexy, slow ballad. its gon be hott! 
This Is My Barcelona  , I Am Proud Of You FC Barcelona . . .
@Jonasbrothers JONAS Was Awesome! Had To Watch It Online Because I Dont Live In America, So Was Really Excited When I Found It!  xx
Just Signed Up To Twitter Thanks To Volkaaaan  Now Im About To Have A Shower &amp; Then Find A Place To Go, Im Bored!
@Pink You Was Amzing Last Night. Im Thinking Of Buying Some More Tickets For One Of The December Dates  ILY !
Watching some wierd anime shits on Adult Swim. Thinking about what to do..Still waiting for Martins update, At 3am, Im gonna crash 
@JessicaHamby Pretend transatlantic hug it is. 
Irene I Know Y Ur Hooked . . . I Finished &quot;Marked&quot; &amp; Im Starting &quot;Betrayed&quot; Right Now  I Cant Wait To Start It 2moro
Assignment submitted. Week courseload finished, kind of. Now onto round 2 beginning at 7am tomorrow 
@PerezHilton iLove How You Bash Miley. And Not Demi Or Selena!  Haha iLove You! Ur My Role Model! xP GO SELEMI  (selena and demi)
Great night at Opera! Ricky Rocks on Drums, Cool Video Show, Rockwell, Me &amp; My fav girls! I will have sweet dreams for sure  Hope U do 2!
Things Are Strange Around Here... What's Going On ? Why It Seems Everyone Know Me, But I Dunno Anyone ! lol 
@cheryl_ann_cole I Luv You Soooooooooooooo Much  i Mite Be Seeing You In Concert  Im So Excited  Culd U Tweet Me Back  Or R U 2 Busy
Saturday Show aired, Positive reviews. Much Happier   Now added both shows to my website...
@Sexy_Biatche am ok, having a lazy Sunday  How're you? Up to much?
@Pink How come ur not rocking Cardiff on the funhouse tour? Not that I mind, I saw u in Birmingham. You rocked 'Who Knew'   x
Hi to my new followers  what a busy Queensweek of fun here in Amsterdam! The Butterfly Effect, MIss Kitten &amp; the Hackers &amp; much more 
So full of energy today  Spent the morning singing along to Fall Out Boy. Now considering sound proofing.
Eating breakfast for lunch  she's a lady and ladies shouldn't be messed with. -Forever The Sickest Kids.
HM Movie.. So Excited To See It - Gonna Be Great!! 
FINALLY Finished My Presentation. This has Been An Amazinly Packed &amp; Fun 4 Days! I really need a steak &amp; some American TV shows on DVDs! 
Wishes Adam the best of luck at the Walk For Hunger. You can do it! 20 miles is fun when you are with friends 
''No I Won't Give Up, No I Won't Break Down Sooner Than It Seems Life Turns Around'' Love That Song  Kinda Sums Up How Im Feeling 
Maybe im not gunna tan my milk bottle legs its abit to cold for me!   I Was Green Instead For Half An Hour! 
Thanks For All Those Who Accepted Me 
@tavissmiley Saw ur interview w/Prince...loved it! Personal request: interview Maxwell....pls! BLACKsummer'snight 7/7/09!!! Get ur copy 
No longer dark outside but still no sun. First bathroom break: near CSUSB. I see a McDonald's! Cold coffee... Yes.  Oh. I need gas too.
Download movie  &quot;Some Like It Hot&quot; http://tinyurl.com/cnzqgo cool #movie
Watching the videos of Boys Like Girls at the Boooozle! Damn me being in the UK! Have to see them live though! 
Watched Slumdog last night. It was so good! Now, I'm up. Eating then playing Kingdom Hearts.  I may still be a little boy at heart. Hahah!
@Paehoddy No worries Patience! Was lovely to talk to you as always. See you at the Forum on the 15th! Let's talk after the show? 
Wearing my fingers off playing the keyboard. Stumbled my way through Give In by Tina Dico  Pretty good seeing as there's no sheet music.
@lushcious The YES Video Is Amazing If U didnt Already C it, Tracy did an Awesome Job!!! Catch Up w/each other in a bit ok? TTL 
Listening to PINK!! New CD ROCKS! Going to breakfast on Davis Island soon  But first going for a quick 2 mile run at the park
Yep, still got it.  Great show from Sevendust. Mostly old stuff, plus a medley of &quot;Master of Puppets,&quot; &quot;Walk,&quot; and &quot;We Die Young.&quot;
back in East Lansing. Now i get to study for awhile and then go to the Stress Free Zone. One of my last obligations 
@VeraBradley Outlet Sale was AWESOME yesterday! Getting ready for bridal shower #2 today! 
I should be doing uni work but I'm going to watch Whose Line is it Anyway? instead 
Today MUST be a productive day! Interesting night last night.......weather is good, and I'm back in Mt. P to finish out the year 
@lovelovelove168  Me&amp;Mayra Have To Play 2 Dudes, She's Practically trying to Murder me While Having a Flashback.
@wickedmickey Check out Black Books. Comedy TV show with Dylan Moran. Was the best thing on TV. You can get it on DVD, it was classic. 
Just Got Back. Great Rides. Nearly Threw Up On The Last One...Oh Well, What Are Rides For? 
@mcraddictal I LOVE Heaven Help Us. It's my favourite b-side in the history of ever 
Did some cleaning, dishes, and laundry ... And now it's almost time for Tigers and Red Wings! Oh My! Big day for the &quot;D&quot;. 
@teenormous Being a child of the 70's, black and white TV, Our Gang, Sunday morning Tarzan and Godzilla reruns were part of life 
Again listening to the Kill Bill OST. So great. 
I am desperately wanting to see You, Me, and Everyone We Know and Forgive Durden in concert--Grand Rapids May 9th. 
@IAmKahlaFierce Girl You Are Soooo Right. There Ain't No Need To Hate...Haters Just Can't Handle It 
@Sims3Website i love Come Dine With Me! it has to be a great prog 
@buckhollywood I can't wait to hear &quot;Their&quot; Buck. Put it on Itunes, I'll buy it  haha
Bout To Take A Bath....Heading To Atlanta 2Nite        She's A Grinder 
@Lombeh Sounds Good. Once They Cook For You....Send Them My Way.. lol  
I am done movin stuff. Dropped the truck off. Tuff weekend bout to come to an end. Now time to bowl.  
Maaaaaaarvelous weekend.  Simply Marvelous.  
Visited a recently opened new library in my county. All the books and DVDs I got were brand new. Nice. One selection was &quot;Beautiful Code&quot; 
Chillin' &amp; Stuff!! P.S. I Love Christofer Drew Ingle &amp; His Bands!! &amp; I Also Love The Band...We The Kings!! (ALMOST Met Travis)!! 
Someone help meh with my history project. D: Shoot meh now! O_O Right about now, i NEED a strawberry coolata. 
&quot;My binder is full too but your's is filled with Jackson doodles&quot;- Nicole &quot;NOOO it's filled with All Time Low doodles so suck it&quot; - Me 
@jhenner Hence the antiquing?    Sounds niice.  Pics when you're done?
Wooot Just watched Full Metal Alchemist: Brotherhood 5, I'm Getting used to mustangs new voice... that episode was awesome 
Planted some trees today physically &amp; had chance to plant some spiritual seed too! Guess Home Depot was the place to have a little church 
@ShannonLeto I love your bike, Shann!! Really cool! 
@TheEllenShow Getting ready for my annual &quot;Save your vision month&quot; award ceremony with local school kids- this years theme &quot;seeing green&quot; 
Keeping Up With The Kardashians! Goodnight twitter world  
is listening to Stoney reading and laughing out loud at Pratchett's Monstrous Regiment.  What a lovely sound. 
7029 words in The Wake: Walking With Strangers. 
@Fazzle, you got your Joy Division and Bauhaus in my She Wants Revenge!...But I like it!  ? http://blip.fm/~5itod
My Reign Is As Far As Your Eyes Can See - I'm Amazinificent  --Only In NY- Harlem Can You Get The Best Chicken &amp; Waffles.
@MsLoriJones Hi Lori. Thanks for reassuring me. It was getting pretty lonely. Luckily, my copy of Hell Comes To Frogtown finished burning 
Had a great weekend with my hubby. Cooking &amp; laughing, went to see Wolverine  had a great time. I love my Prince Charming My Man of Steal
I'm Sooooo Stuffed &amp;&amp; Tired.. But Have To Work It Off So Getting Ready Work Out! 
Watching Chelsea Lately, then waiting for Keeping Up With the Kardashians  WHOO HOO!!
Relevant internet abbreviation:  IATPOTKYTYWTT--I'm Actually The Parent Of The Kid You Thought You Were Talking To. 
i'm getting my I See Stars, Our Last Night, &amp; In Fear And Faith Tickets wednesday!!!!! 
@DrMollieMarti RE The Strat: Perfect from the beginning. 
Facebook Shuts Down Ku Klux Klan Group: TOS WIN http://bit.ly/lqGvL - This makes me happy 
Download movie  &quot;Aisha Tyler Is Lit: Live at the Fillmore&quot; http://tinyurl.com/dyx4nk cool #movie
@jordanknight Ok Jordan. Enough. No more Tink. Come up with another word.  What about &quot;Ittabucca Good&quot;, its a phrase my brother and I say
Listening to The Girl All The Bad Guys Want haha 
Don't Worry Someone Out There is Having a Far more Worse Day Than You! 
@KhloeKardashian Check This Out.Hope This Helps  
Talking To An Amazing Guy. Ready To Graduate Already. Hoepfully Spending Summer In NewYork. 
Welp, Going To Sleep, Long Day Tomorrow. It's Been Fun, &amp; Im Exahusted Phew. (LOL) I Need A Twitter Break. Goodnight 
Tomorrow, Attics To Eden   I Love ML So Much  ?
Panic attack! For a second I thought I forgot to email the script to myself! But I did. 
I Am The Biggest Idiot EVAH. It Was Under MY Butt. Kennedy Is Laughing Her Ass Off  Jk.  Meh Feels In The Mood To Read&amp;Write.Peaceee. 
Currently Sitting At Home Trying To Figure This Thing Out 
@derrickkendall I am, I am! Playing Fable and listening to Loveline. What could be better? 
Anthony Hamilton is so amazing! &quot;I Know What Love's All About&quot;...find what he's singing about, u're blessed  Meaningful music is beautiful
Thinks Its Funny When My Pillow Freaks Out  So Cute.  Can't Wait For The Rest Of This Week 
I started reading &quot;The Essential Blender&quot; after recently finishing &quot;How to Do Everything: Facebook Applications&quot;. What could I be up to? 
@Renee_Olstead Hey again! How's filming of Secret Life going? I was watching &quot;My Super Sweet 16 the Movie&quot; today and saw you, great job! 
@BrandiHeyy Oh Awesome. U Guys Gonna Bring An Album Out Sooooooon?  If u Do The Sweeeeeeeeeeet
Another great episode of @SexGodRocknRoll on HDNet. The performance was amazing, complete with 70's The Song Remains the Same visual FX 
http://tinyurl.com/2e8vtr &amp; http://tinyurl.com/cp369x Taylor Swift Picture To Burn! Awesome song  (@TaylorSwift13 &amp; @SwiftTaylor13)
@Jonasbrothers I'm looking forward to see it! Music video to what song??? World War III? Or maybe not..  - Mia
I have so much stuff from there, and it's all Nightmare Before Christmas. Except for my Silent Bob figure holding a golf club. 
http://twitpic.com/4j802 - Chelsea (Left) Me (Right) When we were babies 
@miacarruthers There's Like Tons Of Questions Running Through My Head Right Now. Lol. You Should Have A Spinoff Show After You Graduate 
@his_budget  Its been a beautiful Day! Picture Book Stuff'  Lotsa Hugs Ponks x
British Expat Tweet Tommy and the Giant Sprout: Especially for Fly  as part of sprout seaso.. http://tinyurl.com/c7kvb6
@sublime98 Milk, Gran Torino, Bolt, Bride Wars, New In Town (yeah I got through a few...) Damn I love longhaul 
Eminem 3AM ... Freaking Awsome!!! ... Im Going Back Too... Seams Like Something big is inside me... and no...is not a Alien 
@pandalion WOW! Totally awesome! Action Guinea Pigs! Want to go and see it now, NOW! Do you think we'd be allowed to take Lance? 
@Enchanted_Doll Yes! I live in Milwaukee and would love to attend a closing talk 
I'm getting 'A Nervous Tic Motion of The Head (To The Left)'  when thinking about tonight 
@kyleandjackieo what about Your Body by Tom Novy or Voodoo Child by Rogue Traders. They are from 04/05. Good memories from these songs 
Back home from the Wookie household. Now to dive into edits on Nemesis.  Or maybe I should work on Dusk of Death. Hmm...
2pm today is Quiz Time at the Goat! Game shows to play and prizes to be won! Plus 'Toss Off Tommy' for free drinks! Today from 2! x 
Home Sweet home &lt;3  Going to see Hannah Montana The Movie AGAIN today &lt;3 DDD
New Forum Thread - First Typhoon of the Season: Is *NOT* headed to Okinawa.  Made you look. .. http://tinyurl.com/dm4b3q
Insomnia at its finest. Go to bed at 11:30, fully awake at 2. Grrr. Anyone want to call mee? 
IDIOTat)MilanQ Heyy. Th*nks For The Follow.  Have A Good Night. (Frank_Whyte) #IDIOT
@beijingboyce  I am seriously contemplating timing my next trip home to catch his next fight. They show it in cinemas. Live! With beer!
@MitchBenn OR... Something to do with all the Red Bull?  Hmmm. You think maybe? 
@jetskiworld  Haha ! Go Martin ! His fixed our Ski like a million times ...  
Can't Play Solitaire For Crap lol  More Updates Soon (Y)
Morning world. Hello Bank Holiday! Cold and grey and rainy here. Feel like colouring thanks to @slammerkinbabe so might do that this am 
Listening to The Man Who Cant Be Moved &lt;3 I just love the connection with GW  Doing Dutch and might do some art later.
@Loebette Hooray! Your avatar is back! Wil go and put it in the Gardeners zone now 
Bank Holiday Brunch.  With all the fixin's.  Absolutely fantastic 
@ashhh_x Yepp.  Do you Like Dylan or Cole Better?
Happy Star Wars Day!!! May The 4th Be With You! 
Wolverine Was BOSS! Seriously, And Will.I.Am Was In It, What The Fuck ?? 
@iHolleeee Okaii Cool!  I Can't Wait For The Series To Begin It's Guna Be Awesome  x
@ColinMackay I think I left my conference feedback sheet in my bag. Oops. Just say Excellent for everything  Found out about it from you
My Life Would Suck Without You - Kelly Clarkson 
Time for the hittin' the hay  Later tweeps. Ala Billy Cunningham, You are all Great Americans! 
Especially hard to get out of bed with myself this morn Cuz I'm hot  , Now running late stuck in front of the mirror checking Myself Out
* News Flash * MegaRedPacket, Your Instant Internet Empire (Early Bird Launch) check this DEAL out   http://mega-redpacket.com
The 10 Coolest Foreign Words The English Language Needs. Check the number one. Amazing!  http://is.gd/s9B1
May the Forth be with you... ha yes... Today is my birthday  Star Wars day... Aren't i lucky you star wars Fans?
Waiting for the El &amp; listening to a little MJB &quot;Just Fine&quot;. Perfect song to start my week. 
Gotta get ready to leave....Alec and I are going hunting outside of Volterra. This should be fun.  Talk to everyone later.
People I Have It Arnt I Brainy. Well No Not Really Teacher Put The Powerpoint In My Book  Helps Alot!
@josephadamx3 Have You Watched You Belong With Me?   By My Lovely Sister ) Kiddin.
Is Bored. Waiting Till 7:06 To Go Out To Tha Bus 
We*d Man On His Way     Yess!!    Time 2 Wake Up 4 Real  lol
@dannywood Good morning Dan! It's my Bday and I plan on getting some exercise too today!!  Love ya!! See you in NYC!!!
Yay! Just bought American Dad Volume 4  also seen Australia is out on DVD. Could be a lot cheaper than going...
@JC_Live That's what I want. More the better. Bound to be a few bad eggs though, but they will soon learn. 
Wish I was in London to personally witness the Nun Run! What a great idea for the opening of Sister Act's new broadway show 
School... haha well I hope Today is fun. I will post my regular updates during the day. Follow Me and Stay Updated! 
From My Heart To Yours   ? http://blip.fm/~5jo4w
While I remember, Nerd Hurdles rocks  Especially the tale of the currency of ironpoodonia
@quinland  I Hate It There Should Be A Endless Supply Of Hot Water!  I Put the Water Heater On 20mins Ago So Ill Be Gone In 10mins  Xx
Make sure u pick up Chrisette Michele's new album EPIPHANY in stores tomorrow May 5th! You will love it! Promise!  Congrats @epiphanygirl
Can't wait to see Set Your Goals at Leeds. Lots of website work to do today and its not on my own 
Bumper Sticker: &quot;If you don't want to stand up for our troops, feel free to stand in front of them&quot; Thank you to all in the military 
Got Six Feet Under series 1 on DVD 
Need To Go Shopping  Boring Day T'day....Nothing To Dooo. College Tmro...How Fuckin' Excitin'  Wish Twitter Was Simplified For Me =] &lt;3
Next thing to do tomorrow morning: Temperature Check! It's gonna be a routine till Swine Flu dies. Good Night, everyone! 
Shower. Class. More class. Taking care of my lady-friend. Writing like there's no tomorrow.  
FGinished Doinn Fake Tann Sitting Drinknig Coke And Watching Ink Heart 
Played the Eclectricity Festival @ The Custard Factory last night was an UNREAL atmos right till the end! Glad i played last set 
Love thy self. Keep it simple. Learn Tai Chi. Those are my aims today. Beat up ankle is less swollen  I am on a no negotiation vacation!
@The_Tech_Update Do you know your Nutty Newsire twitterfeed ones are coming through w/o links? I can't be lazy without the links...LOL 
@miss_k_renee On a Saturday? Not so cool friend. Same job  Different position! Let me know when your in town again!!! Miss U 
@slicefate I love the humor, I just reworded it. Like saying &quot;group therapy&quot; instead'a &quot;gang banging&quot;. Keeps my moms off my back.   Hahaha
@Medi_Ready What's you're new cite/business about?? I'd love to hear about it  Doing the same myself actually 
New comic posted. Introducing  &quot;Joe! - The Mini Strip&quot;  http://tinyurl.com/oasxx2 (via @mbillingsley80) cute Mother's day strip! 
Off To The Movies With Abby (Who I Have Not Seen In FOREVER) To See Star Trek. L8er Twitter Folk 
Awe My Mommy Just Said She Loves The Cat  Meow. Apparentlly The Cat Cried When HE Was Born.
At Piece now  Possibly Beachwood in a bit 
Just finished watching He's Just Not That Into You.  Loved it.
I've Got An Urge To Make Music Like Massively.. I'm Going To The Studio 
@GericaQuinn Yay  I Feel Loved  By You And My 113 Creepy Followers.
@TheSpencerSmith I'm part of a religion called People-With-Good-Taste-In-Music. We don't celebrate Jonas Brothers Day. 
@retrorewind PLS! Play Journey Don't stop believin' By Journey for @Etown_Jenn  THANKS!! 
1.Tiffany is already ten minutes late 2.Reading Flowers in the Attic 3.Late breakfast at Starbucks 4.Listening to Waking up in Vegas 
HAHAH, Did I hear MVP Chants in Atlanta's Arena?  At least they get it right there, unlike at staples 
Updated blog. Shows You Should Be Watching: The Unusuals http://digg.com/u12w7c Go check it out 
Watching my fav movie...Two Can Play That Game! &quot;Ever notice how men start to act up around Spring time?&quot; Shante Smith 
@ChiefEditor4SAU Who To Say Hi To And Who To Buy A Shot To. Lol. Jk. 
Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation. Tis nothing, but pure insanity. Can I have the title of Queen of watching bad horror films? 
@selin162 SELIN-It-To-the-Highest-Bidder!! HEYYYYY MAMA! 
Chillin Waitin For My Hunny Baby To Get Out Of Work!!!!!  To Get My Drink On While Finishin Da Song I Have
Oh goody - It's Doctor Who! Hooray for IPTV 
@saranw Thank you! You should know that I am both happy and sad (all at the same time) to know that. You've got &quot;The Right Stuff&quot; 
Swiped the last package of fruit snacks! Hell yeah. Finished Catch-22. What shall I read next?!? I'm such a nerd 
Tweeten Out  Tix deals for NKOTB 5/28 Was $43 NOW *$38 http://tinyurl.com/NKOTBTweetenTixsDeal &lt;-or other SEAT Prices /NKOTB Dates
I just watched my favorite movie &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; its so romantic and sad i just love it 
@ChesterBaker Really laughing out loud! Seeing a limo in front of MacDonalds is just to funny! 
@DizzyDezzi You needed to watch the White House Correspondent's Dinner. That would have cheered you up! 
Happy Mother's Day.. To All The MommiiEs Owt Theaa... &amp; ii Think ii Got Thaa Hang Of ThiiS ThiiNg.. Yay!!! 
@LadyLove88 Boring? Who you been talking to? Lol not me  ( no homo)
Had the super massive sandwich mom made last night,Ohh. It was yummy.. Btw, Happy Mother's Day mom!! 
@RonDance **Jaw Drops** **Gasp** Whatever do u mean? I'm as sweet as pie  Allow me to re-introduce myself, I'm Coach &amp; I'm a Cancer &amp; u?
Everyone At My Place Tomorrow  Bonfire, Tofu Dogs, And Austin Powers.
@MeredthSalenger Ur so cute..I'm a fan of Dream A Little Dream, This Kiss and appearances like in Dawson's Creek  Make more flicks!
@ahecht25 Thanks Amy!  That video is so awesome!  Did you see TMH?  He's amazing in that too!! Bouncy Bouncy Bouncy!!!  
Such a good little Saturday. Didn't include Bed Bath and Beyond, but Borders was on the list. Can't wait for tomorrow. Good day planned 
@Lady12s Here's some healing/sleep energy, sweetie! 
Chillin.. Uploadinng The Videos I Took On [MySpace].  The Showw Was Awesomme!
@ChicagoGirl Gotcha.  My place is Atlantic side.  Better for surfing   Plus I like to be close to the crazy foreign restaurants. Mmm, FL.
@MariahCarey Happy Mom's Day!  Here in Spain it was last Sunday!! Any hint of when the first single will be out on radio? LYM!!  Mini
@JanayS Actually SoS won't be here, VI will be accompanied by Gliss and Make Me. The day after Brandi Carlile, busy month gigwise 
@LelahG Next time 
@stevenbward I was just at Geno's 3hrs ago.  Would have went to Pats but the Neon Lights got me lol.  Had drinks at South Philly Bar too 
GoodMorning, Hope Everyone Has A Beautiful Day Today  x
My 100th post- dedicated to Sarah,sunny weather,and my love for that Snakes On A Plane (Bring It) song that should have died already. 
Can you tell that *Someone* has been reading Knowledge of the Holy by A.W. Tozer?    All his work should be required reading.
Just Decorated Moms Room While She Was Asleep For Mothers Day  She'll Wake Up To A Banner And Balloons! Woo!
@jimmyfallon Hey Man Congratulations On The Graduation Man You'r World Wide Popular In Philippines 
@Vocalyz Hi  Im Better... Drinking Hot Tea With honey ^^ ... Thanks... Take Care Plis
@iamsemmi Im Drinking Right Now  Hot Tea and Honey!... Take care u too
@thegrates My friend and I have a request that you play Nothing Sir when you hit Perth on Tues. From Jazz and Charni 
@Tiaantjee Name the rest? Let's see. Mystery Jets are pretty cool. Ida Maria AND you shud rly listen to Say Anything! 
@shaundiviney :O:O:O:O:O:O:O You Like Sweeney Todd TOO!?!?!   (Y) Best Movie (Y)
@xbron http://twitpic.com/41dbn - :o I See Your Dog..  Bella..?
Date Like A Man So You Dont Get Played Like A Bitch 
Season 2 of The Wire, done! Kinda weak compared to the first season but I expected that... Still good though  Season 3 here I come!
Music Update Before Leaving. Check out the songs Photograph by Air, Disco Friends by Just Jack, Stand Up by The Prodigy. And Enjoy!!! 
Is A Very Happy Bee, She Is Starting To Feel Better, &amp; Cant Wait For Her Birthday, what is 23 days 
@aditya Easy. Put on a mask. Hack. Even though the cameras record you, no one can do jackshit 
Awake. Husband snoring faintly by my side. So happy 
OMG - Madness Just Came On The Radio 
Good Morning! Looking Forward To Listening To THE PRODIGY On Radio 1 Big Weekend.  Brought Their Album Yesterday!! =P AMAIZE Tbqh. x
AmmoxXx great day? Woman, did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face? Ha, Murray... All cos of you, I owe you 
@AmmoxXx great day? Woman, did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face? Ha, Murray... All cos of you, I owe you 
@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3ernb - Loving The Jumper 
Just finnished my Double Cheeseburger. It was good  Ready to watch the Spanish F1
Enough already about Wolfram Alpha: The Next Google, Or the Next Cuil? http://bit.ly/6HESZ 
@ClaytonMorris Thank You Clayton. Going to my favorite Greek Resturant after church for mom's Day!!!!  Loved you on Huckabee 
Today: Shower, Driving, In L.A., Party, Idk from there, hours from now gonna start to head back to the 951 the I.E. (Riverside), crash. 
Jeez I'm so bored. Doing some Of Mice and Men revision whilst listening to le iPod. Fun!  
Star Trek: Just ...fucking...WOW!!!!  Something for everyone!  I am in love with the new Kirk!  Operation MD Present: Complete 
@b50 yup, me watching... alternating between IPL, F1 and &quot;From Russia With Love&quot; on cable.. 
Good Morning Mothers    My Back Hurts Today. Couldnt Sleep in
Good Morning Mothers  My Back Hurts Today. Couldnt Sleep in http://ff.im/2LlMe
Microsoft Tech Ed North America 2009 LA Convention Ctr May 11-15. @teched09 http://bit.ly/3artE. How my team rolls for Mommy's Day! 
@bradgallaway #gcplay Finished? Wow. I just rescued the princess haha. Maybe Whittaker helped your strategy. Kids r so smart these days 
http://twitpic.com/4wzc6 - Do are Bit For charity. Red nose Day 
Happy Mother's Day To All My Babys Mommas An There Mommas Babys Mommas 
@DanceMassTV Thanks! True encounters in Med school. Stay tuned for more! I've got loads coming up! Wt u up2 this lovely Sunday? 
@Jonasbrothers I Watched JONAS On Youtube There Because It Hasn't aired in the uk yet, Omg its genius, amazing!  You Guys Are Soo Funny x
@mswonka Know what I love the most? Being able to sit with the family. Before was &quot;banished&quot; to the home office 
It's Cool to Get Your Mouth Burned By Pizza 
Looking For Flight Tickets To Los Angeles Wth Mummy Maybe Me twin and mum can go this summer with friend from school and her mum and sis 
(8) I wanna Be Yourr Wifey for Lifey ,, Boy  You got Me Going Crazy (8),, Loll I &lt;3 that songg, BBQ  Football 2-0 OhhYeaaaBabyy  xx
Bug juice DOES work  Can bike again  Going out to Kozia Mountain then... 
Going to EndFest to see Lady GaGa, 3Oh!3, The All-American Rejects, Flo-Rida, and The White Tie Affair 
It's like a bigger version of Name That Tune 
@tankgrrl Re: Your Radeon card: http://tinyurl.com/dzpus5 Page has link to drivers 
@lucichick Thanks. I am tryin'.  Next on the list.. shopping for mom.. nothing like the last minute.. 
OMG 2moz Before Skool Im Going To That Cafe To Get Coffie And Something To Eat  lol
Saw 2 ladies whose car had run out of gas. DH pushed them off road then we went to get them gas. Love my DH... So kind 
Organized all my Stuff and started my my new Getting Things Done life yesterday. Have written a business proposal today. Feeling good 
Walk was short and soggy. Wasn't thrilled. Having a nice cup of tea and watching a dvd. Roasting veg later, yum 
Check this video out -- Travis - The Fear at Alexandria Palace http://bit.ly/1almir  
Whatever Is Cooking Downstairs, It Smells Amazing 
@thedevilslair Men are shitheads with no talent other than lies, theft, deception and control.  Well, boys are.  Us men have many talents 
@BXGD Brilliant.   I miss visiting Florida! Didn't make it this last season - have a place in Vero Beach. Enjoyed that area all my life.
I think today I am going to have to officially start up MADI. Yes! That is my nick name, but now is also know as: My Asinine Daily Moment 
Just got fucked. Maybe I did a little effing too haha. Love morning fucks. Weee! Back to bed. Happy mama's day!! 
just woke up. having my coffee and eating Almond Pocky. What a healthy breakfast 
@pdurham Yeah, its still worth finding.  Especially if you can find the Drive-In Cult Classics vol 2 version.
Sidekick is Acting Up So Muchh -_- I Want An iPhone! Lol 
@CelticCrossing Love Is In The Earth is one of my FAVOURITES. My copy shows a whole lot of lovin' 
@MrDudes Tine To Pretend by MGMT 
20+ Crazy Cousinz Videos - The Best of UK Funky House Music - http://xrl.us/ber79d Enjoy 
@burghseyewife I Know! At least it's good hockey weather 
Woot woot, marathoning Doctor Who. 
@ticklemejoey, when you come to Portland on June 27th, could you be EPIC AWESOME and wear The White Pants? Don't ask. Inside joke. 
Might get a Taylor tee in the next fews weeks if M, Popstar! and BOP don't come in  Bummer shipping, though! Want my magazines.
youtube.com Watching A &quot;Sonny With A Chance EP&quot;! 
Hittin Tha Sheets..Last Full Week Of High School 
Ahhh, I love Straylight Run. They can do no wrong! 
I'm so happy I got my Heroin Diaries book back!!! xD and I'm starting to read Tommyland.... Which is interesting... lol 
@MedBotJinx (OOC: Now, to pick up with Jinx and Beta where they left off, hmm?  )
Was Hanging With Berta,, Then Came Home!..Gave Mommy Her Gift! &amp;&amp; Now Have A Killer Headache. Well, i'll see Fearless tomorrow!  Peace! &lt;3
Thanks To @BritneyRusso For Helping Me... Add Her 
@Kenosha_Aikido LOL True.  Thank you. If you got that from my tweet, please ignore the &quot;Contact Us&quot; submission - same issue. &lt;rei&gt;
Picking up the mothers day gift my sweet adorable dog left me in the hallway. Its brown.  (via @Simply_Positive) LOL
6 Ways to Indulge your TED Talks Addiction: http://tr.im/l00C @TEDchris What else needs to be on this list?   #TED
Back from Disneyland. I rode some new rides: Tower of Terror, Maliboomer. NUTS.   Also got this cool beanie.
If You Would Like To Know What A &quot;Borderline Fat Ass&quot; Just Holla At Me! 
This Time Next Week I'll Be In The Bahamas!!! WhooHooo!! 
Listen to Days of Elijah. If you are down in any way, shape, or form, it will make you feel SO much better. I Promise. It did for me 
Kennedy Has Been Taking Care Of Me  We Are Watch 40-Year-Old Virgin, Also Coco Is With Us To Make Me Feel Better.Nick Is Over Cause He Was
Well My Wife's B-Day and My Stag Whent AMAZING I Loved Every Minute Of It  And HAPPY MOMS' DAY!!!
@seamuse Thank you!  Loved the cover of &quot;I'm Not Missing You&quot;
@ChesterBe Hey Chester, you should bring Dead By Sunrise to Australia  bring LP too....i will follow u all over the country!!!!!!
Gosh why does it have to be soo hott? Now I feel like singing Burnin' Up by the Jonas Brothers 
Ahhh Passed The Stupid Medical Terminology Exam Nd Now I Can Relax 
@_robin_sharma Gd Day Robin. I've Seen it. Its completely true. Simple n Sweet words... 
Hahahhaa Beree Mabeyy Lol Thats If I Can Get Addicted To It(; And Ahhh.! Alexis Is  Lol
I'd been attacked by Hello Kitty the other day. Mean Kitty..  @yaschan79 How Godzilla Affects My Daily Commute: http://tinyurl.com/d5ygkg2
@Luccadoes See ya Tues at the Pittsburgh show...have you been brushing up on Stay With Me Tonight? Haha...you know I'll ask for it! 
Miscounted, it was JUST those two, so I followed the rest of the guide for no reason. Oh well, 20 more Achievement Points for me! 
@chillininlondon it was alright...I presented well but they said my design was like whatever, it was good hearing the truth! Next time 
Hey Everybody Long Time NO Tweet  LOL ... I Wonder When I'm Gone Do Ya Miss Me??
just watched Freedom. MerDer really need to build that house and fill it with kids ASAP 
Found my cds.  I'm gonna go play some Guitar Hero and Wii Sports. Then it's off to bed. Good night.
Ahh - yes forgot you were creating weirwood resevoir in the garden. Next job is  build a Mirror dinghy in your vast garage to sail on it 
@JBARSODMG *sighs*...So Now That I Have A Twitter..We're Gna Try This Again Since U Said U Dont Check Ur Book Of Face..Hi New Friend  haha
Just noticed the clock struck 12:00. That means I've been married officially 8 years. Happy Anniversary Shanda. Let's Drink To Us. 
@BlueMoonInn From what I understand, they're also at McD's. 
OOMFS for tonite: &quot;The Way You Move&quot; by Outkast..that's for you, B 
Hope He's Having Fun...They R Definitely Making My Job Easier  I Can Do All That and Then Some...Wanna Know How It Feels 4real!!!!
@THEsaragilbert What am I doing? Watching King Of The Hill while getting a back rub.  Woo hoo!
Loves Hearing What People Thinks Of Her... So Can't Wait To Leave This Hell Hole 
@PrincessSuperC CiCi I saw ya mami on Jay...It was Fire!!..Lovin the all black..Keep doin ur thang 
@claudiajordan NYC lovebug! Well, when you're back in The Big App I want to have a one-on-one sit down interview with you. Make it COUNT! 
Nothing Exciting Goin On Here, So On That Note Its Sleepy Time!...Nite Tweetiepies Muahhzzz Catch Me In The Am 
@itsFranco Hey buddy, how r u? Added any more Social Profit Streams to your portfolio recently? or has The Traffic Plan taken all time? 
Its Going To Be A Long Night... 
im watching forgetting sarah marshall!! best movie ever, and looking for any news on russell brands new movie Get Him To The Greek  rawr!!
Vote For me : americasmiles.com click to win vote now code: ams-17550 
@DonnieWahlberg Are you really reading our tweets? HMM. Sounds interesting. How about a &quot;Hello Michelle!&quot; ;) Worth a try, no?  HOLLA!
Just received Gothic Beauty Issue #28! See my corsets on pg 76!  Should be available in stores May 22 or order one @ www.gothicbeauty.com!
I'm going round to all the Quest News offices taking staff photos. Oh Joy.  At least I get to go to Caboolture next week!
@karlifairbanks I do! I'm FROM Spokane. Does that count?  &quot;To The Country&quot;is one of my faves. 
@jephjacques I have a copy of Trail of the Screaming Forehead!  They had a test previewing in my hometown, and I ended up with a copy.  
Junna Go To Sleep...Damn My Room Smells Like A Hollister Store Haha I Guess Its A Good Thing 
watching Faith Like Potatoes and really liking it! I wasn't sure I would ... it surprised me 
Mmm. Watching Heroes and eating a candy bar. Life is good right now. 
@gabebondoc That cover (Part of Your World) is just awesome! Never heard it sung by a guy. Not until you did it. Bravo! 
Did anyone ever actually collect all the #Radio4 &quot;Rumsfeld Soundbite Of The Week&quot; items into one MP3? During &quot;The Stoopid War&quot;? 
And I'm also very happy that TP is making the movie &quot;I Can Do Bad All By Myself&quot; I can't wait to see Madea shoot someone 
Tonight's lullaby;; Dusting Down The Stars;; Mobile.   good night 
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
@DavidArchie Our local shows love tributes too much. True story! Will be watching SIS videos in Youtube later, haha 
@dcarli Is This Why Twitter Changed Its Replies Policy?  http://digg.com/d1rArO thank you for your attention 
@BigLittleFlan How did that happen? Climb out of a Window! 
Hookers No Longer Welcome On Craigslist: Shared by NG    After coming under increasing scrutiny from various s.. http://tinyurl.com/po84b8
Dirty Money and Cheerios  Can it get better? Yes... Jeremey Kyle!
@antandbecks Hey could you guys play a song for me?? Say its requested by Bex Colbran of Busso  Four Non Blondes - Whats Going On PLEASE x
New Pics Of Ciara On SincerelyCiara.Com!! WOW!! She Looks 9reaaaat!!  *Dies* LOL!!!
OK, need help! got Etsy shop, got Artfire too but not set up yet. Opening Folksy shop soon. Do I need a website too? appreciate yr feedbk 
@craigburgess oops, ok, Mistress: http://tr.im/ljko, try In Disgust We Trust or The Glory Bitches Of Doghead!  #goodmusicthurs
Caught up with last week's eps of King Street Jr. revisited and Doctor at Large. Now, how about some sleep?? 
@To_The_Moon You like it? Thx hun! How are you today? &gt;&gt;Taking all over!  &gt;&gt;&gt; I'm all Mafia now LOL Proud member of the #MiaMafia
Awesome song playing as I go to sleep.  Down Goes Another One - McFly 
@To_The_Moon To burn the hell out of it?  LOL
@LimeIce Great transition from Cartoon Network to Drop Dead Gorgeous   That is one classy pic!
Well I think I'm going to go to bed. Should I say goodnight or good morning, LOL  I'll just say, talk to you later. Sweet Dreams.
@JamrockRover Not really. Like I said I online all the time so, I just submit anything on OleOle when I have less work to do. 
My feet and ankles hurt! Ready to get off my feet. Almost home free! Tanning, then hitting the sheets with Barbie. 
Totally Loving Lily Allens New Song Not Fair! Vid Is Soo Good! Birthday Today! Out In Troon Tomoro Night 
@ihatebananas Hahaha,  I can agree with you on that one.  Flight Of The Conchords, The Office, Some bomb movies, &amp; Tasty Baked goods mmm 
The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart no PdC. Nice. 
If you catch any Spam or Spammers,Report it to: Twitter Spam Catchers LOL @Spam ;) .. Let's Catch them ! i know my Followers will be Less 
@pigonwheels yeah and you're all about &quot;Doing it For The Kids&quot;  we love you, even if you are &quot;Evil Uncle Bitrot&quot; 
Photo: Sway Sway Shaun, Your So Audio.  http://tumblr.com/xke1s32zz
GoodMornin Tweeters..It's Gonna Be A Rainy Day Today So Don't Forget Ur Umbrellas.. 
listening to Marcie Presents Behind The Lyric: Episode 12. 
Is Up and At'em Ready to Get this $$$! I am So Inspired by My Friends and Family! I learn from everyone around Me 
Good Morning All my twitter and Facebook heads. Having a good day? Let me know how its going!!! Keep your head up, and the haterade down 
Top Of The Morn' Lads....lol. This Rain Is Not A Good Way To Start Off My Day ... uggh. Rise &amp; Shine All My Tweeples 
Thanks for the encouraging words from the twitter world and my lady friend   Next year I shall be the #masterchef  ;)
@SarahRobinson Actually, that is a huge sign of creativity. Play a game w/ him and have him visualize new rules and create his own book 
@lurcherleon C'mon matey. Focus. Focus!! You can do it. Now get in there &amp; do us all proud....and stop Twittering 
@dannywood  B.I.B.L.E. Basic. Instructions. Before. Leaving. Earth.   
On The Bus To Toronto For A School Trip! 
Really Should Get Off Here And Go To The Bank But  The Weather Is Rubbish...Typical Scotland...Bring Back Monday 
Good Morning Everyone! I am back today and will be posting again. Watch for Event Listings, Product Specials and More! Have a Great Day! 
Notice Your Fear, And Get RID Of It!!! http://bit.ly/Dr7cI by@Serene_Balance great post as usual 
@gulfstream5 Dark clouds?  Rain?  Where?  I don't see them. Unless I am just numb to it. LOL. 
@1stLadyAye: My Mom Told Me Who To Go To To Handle Everything For Our &quot;Special Project&quot; 
@theOJG Who could not love the Original Jesus Geek? Often imitated and copied by many, there is no replacement for the OJG. 
http://twitpic.com/55fkm - So Many Things To Do..Can I Just Close My Eye For A Minute..lol 
Just got home. *bought Beyonce Experience LIVE &amp; Boys Over Flowers DVDs  DVDM tom. 
@ethanoort haha Where you worried that I would?    Happy Half Birthday to You, Squash.
Morning Movie Cover Coming Up! Good For A Lot Of Great Prizes! 
@thesoulution Lol It Feels Like A Friday Tho! One More Day! 
How to Know Exactly What to Say After You Kill a Bad Guy http://budurl.com/vyep If u laugh, pls spread d love  http://budurl.com/bedt
SoOo My Morning Is Going Great; Heard You Belong With Me- @taylorswift13 On @Z100NewYork;; For The First Time;Song Is Incredible 
KELLY CLARKSON  .....I Think I Spelled Allison Wrong...N_E_Wayz...Yeah....That Was Great
So #Paranoid @Jonasbrothers New Single; Is Simply Amazing; Im Replaying It In My Head Over &amp; Over 
Pulled a Tina Fey.  Platinum card + President's Club for a Newark layover = Heaven! Have to work this into the novel somehow. 
@Mol7 Not rea the Mousehole Cat! Will try and get it though. Have ordered the Lighthouse Keeper's Lunch for Cal 
Today is RadioYou's 2nd Birthday!!!  Call 617-440-4460 to wish them a happy birthday. (Why? Because I said so!)
OGC   (Really Dirty If you turn it 90 degrees anticlockwise LMFAO) 
@CRAVEvancouver Hey! Glad to hear from you! Still planning on August! Working out a couple of details still on the lease.Buying like mad! 
Funky track, but I like it  Here's General Elektriks - Take Back The Instant ? http://blip.fm/~69qij
How Da Fck Is This Stresssinq You Out? My Bad Yaritzamar Delqado Morales Que La Chinqada Lol 
@SmithWaites Hello! Where abouts in Billingham did you live? I was an Old Billog girl  I know Wingate, had a penpal that lived there! x
escutando The Kooks- She Moves In Her Own Way 
http://starturl.com/VoteforBeyonce Vote for me on Viewers Choice Bet Awards. Thank you! 
@clevercatsknit Re: gnome hat. Was the problem the finished size? or the pointy top? Your mama w/still love you.  Travel safe to Lex.
So excited - at Medieval Times. Loving the smell! LOL! So cool and I can tell that we have many hours of fun ahead!  
@metrorealtor How about Tastefully Simple's &quot;Just Chillin&quot; collection (Item#  421009)?  The happy couple will love it for entertaining! 
@Scott_Herman Just helped my friend - same problem. Go to Ebay - buy it now section - batteries $5 for your Blackberry 8830. Good luck! 
@LisaSJA LOL! Just saw your message but I did pick up Dave's Killer Bread at the street fair. I'm offically addicted. 
@DyKeria Oh, so you probably didn't know the Student Union used to be on the Set. *sigh*, those were the days. 
After a long week I'm making it a Netflix night. First was The Jackie Robinson Story. Now Superman   http://myloc.me/10Y1
All My Friends Know The Low Rider  ? http://blip.fm/~6fxm5
@cchenier9 Hey My Baby... I Miss You. I Was Talkin 2 Yo Daddy Earlier I Meant 2 ask Abt Yu... Wats Been Up 
Just sang Monty Python - Sit On My Face at karaoke at Moriarity's. @jmichael79 , you would've been proud 
I Love Ice Cream Yes I Do......I Love Ice Cream How Bout You?? 
playing some xbox live. Come play with me or add me as a friend. Area85 is my gamertag. Currently playing Call of Duty: World at War 
I fuccin loveeee @WillyNorthpole realtalk.... Body Marked Up was ma shit.. on repeat  Gotta Rep Ma Man From AZ!!
Done. I now have Meet The Spy on my computer.  #tf2
I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here Premieres June 1st 
@misseskisses Hmmm, just watching True Life on MTV. I love that show soooo much!! 
Gnight TwitterVille, It's time to go to bed (listening to @nick_carter Heart without a home). Have sweet dreams... See you tomorrow 
@Jonasbrothers oh by the way Poison Ivy and Turn Right amazing 
@HotPinkTweets belting out my sweetest version of Smile. To my credit, they did say I sounded good.  (still embarrassing though).
@mybonescostme Yep, I did. I liked it! It was very interesting. JAM babies is like Baby Talk coming to life! (I love that fic) 
FAMILY MATTERSSS  Ripping up a shirt haha. &lt;3 And Watching my Hero Urkel. Win win win
Having Some Internet Service Providers Brown Outs &quot;Please Be Patient With Me&quot; While It Stabilies 
@millenovecento True. Tonight was oddly disappointing. Tho I did love the Jeopardy skit. 
@PeteTerranova Next time you're at Sooner Mall, stop by the Rocky Mountain choc factory and try the Divinity.    Is gooood.
@bubblesparaiso Oh,  Will You Be Watching The Pussycat Dolls? 
Mash-Up Time !  Oh god i'm awake and this music is so good! &quot;Tegan and Sara vs Mylo - Walking With A Ghost In Paris&quot; #mash-up #mylo #music
@mrskutcher your doggies are great. Try sharing the bed with a German Shepard, Std Poodle and two little brown rescue dogs  Back ache!!!
@mookiejaeonline Girl. . .smh* Complicated. We just better off where we at. Apart. . .Yea but Miami is whats poppin! I can't wait. 
@GDGOfficial Saw you in Chicago last month. You were amazing! &quot;Why Do The Men Stray&quot; live gave me goosebumps. 
Sleeppy... I had only slept 3 hours... Planning to see &quot;Ghost of Girlfriends Past&quot;  on tues I think... Hmm... Investigation mode... lol
@Nick__Bailey You know it makes sense! Also if you're after some more epic tunage check out Trance Around the World with A&amp;B on iTunes. 
@MGiraudOfficial count me on the Giraud Squad! From the Philippines 
Hulu Rocks People!!!!! Cancel your cable 
@heidimontag I'm obsessed with Look How I'm Doing, Blackout and Turn Ya Head!! 
Ugh Just So Angry ,. Pleas Read And Tell Me If I Am The One To ...:  but getting back to me being upset,.. jes.. http://bit.ly/15ttdt
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
Just finished reading &quot;Recreate Your World - Find your voice, shape the culture, change the world&quot;  Very Informational and Stirring!!
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You Yesterday
@heidimontag Ur Are The Most Stunning Girl On This Planet &amp; I Love You! &lt;3  Its Skye By The Way From Australia I Called You YesterdayD
OK the reason I added the #3hotwords is because I dont see enough of the really powerfully positive ones out there  last one:Real is Right
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
HOME. Tired. Fun fun night with the fellas. Went to Downtown Disney, and ate at SONICS!  That place is soo good! Hope to eat there again!
@forensicmama hehe! Next time you don't know just ask! It seems everyone else knew but you Mama 
Cobra Starship = Amazing if I have not said already.  &gt; Guilty Pleasure &amp; The City Is At War. xx
@Psythor When I finally found wifi it was in a macdonalds. One of these &quot;view 4 pages NOW PAY!&quot; affairs. Sod that! Off to Camden today! 
Cant Wait For June 7th Got Our Show At The Academy Singing, Dancing &amp; Acting Wooooo 
Meet the Spy leaked ! (Surely wanted by Valve) Best meet the ! Would be awesome if they would make a mini-serie or a movie 
Im soo Bored! theres Nothing to do! i could go watch Mcfly Live At Wembley! .. Again like for the 7th time this week! 
@IamTam lol nothing to be embarrassed about! Makes you sound very intelligent! Which I'm sure you are! 
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
@Paleo_princess Sooo good. Twice as dense and heavy as a regular Lrg pizza, but no greasy sickness or bloating afterward. Quite the feast 
@trance_fusion      Hi TF, Y TY!      Hope You Enjoy  .......      Trance Brings Us All 2gether !!
Are u going to see the Floyd tribute band Off The Wall at Weston Playhouse tonight? If so, @SomersetMarcy and I will maybe see you there! 
Listening To Taylor Swift-Your Not Sorry, Still On The Phone With Mary.. We Can Talk All Day Hehehe  Luv U Mare Bear.
Omg! We Got 5th Last Night. And Norway Set A New Record 
Just Finished Sunday Poptart  Going For Shower - Got Dancing Later And I Really Can't Be Bothered - Picturesss 
Got A Game Today  Playing East Kilbride  Hope We Win =D  Good Luck Kilwinning 
Who is interested in Team Fortress 2 Please watch the Meet The spy before its to late! Contact Nico For more info 
At work. Bored as fuck. Getting restless. Peckish. In a baking mood. @OhAudrey, you're making me want to bake cupcakes. 
Check Out My Background Whoop Whoop  xx
http://tinyurl.com/oulpfl Natalie Okri Singing No One On BGT. Shes Only 10 &amp; She Was AMAZING! No Joke! Shes Like A 'Lil Beyonce'. So Cute 
Services ... Nap! Then Xample movie night!!! 
@FuschiaBegonia - Huh? It's fine to &quot;diss Star Wars/Dr Who&quot;. I'd go as far as to say, sometimes, that's a big part of the enjoyment 
@Diana_Vickers_ WhenDoes Your First Single Come Out?  So Excitedd....x
@JaaeKash what do mean I'm fat? I look boi - Re: JaaeKash: @honey3030 I Meant Fat By The Way 
FTW: For The Win TRW: The Real Winner ! ..got it? 
I hate spiders .. Creepy, huge and discusting .. Message to all spiders: Dissapear..  .. Going to do some maths revision now  ..
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
@JudyObscure Ooo, ooo, are you going to read &quot;The Men Who Stare At Goats&quot;?  I'm going to give it a whirl too - looks interesting 
Beautiful day in Fife  Just about to have brunch. Have a plan of attack for the exams, a cup of good tea at hand. Life does not suck 
@esmeeworld Hi  I Was Jus Listening To You Sing  Your Great 
@finding_jay Call meeeeeee  also, I read Ideas of March. Again. You should too!
@HelloUFO I Know Right WTH? xD They Have Already Got  522,806 views On Youtube At Least We Got In The Top 5 
Started Fallout 3 Again !  What Game should i get as i dont know - suggestions ?
is waiting to see Dublin: The Movie on the big screen. Haven't seen it? Visit http://4daymovie.com and watch it there 
Started Fallout 3 Again !  What Game should i get as i dont know - suggestions ? http://bit.ly/c8cN1
@babyfrey I hear you are giving Your m&amp;d A run For their Money.. Wait till You start Crawling and Walking.. Then Look Out...  Carmen
Apparently i have a dirty mind yet i'm a romantic ... yeah that's pretty much me  My sex song is NOT from Ghost tho!! More like The Wall
is soo happy to be back with her Vertical Students!!! Then home for me and Nana's B-day Celebration....with @loudcoke too!! 
@JanSimpson Gas Alwalys Goes Up...I Remember When It Was $0.32 ... (no I'm not that old 
@BoSoxCutie19 - Deciding on Spurs? They're good - I would say yes - I don't follow BB. Welcome to Texas, I'm not too far from you.  bbl
Just bought Ciara's new album, &quot;Fantasy Ride&quot; and it's pretty hot and sexy! Everyone should go buy a copy! 
My Laptop Is Being A Complete Idiot :@ Watching The Hills Have Eyes With My Dad 
@Mattdavelewis lol Having a Sofa Sunday myself  Watching Star Trek...again *cough* for the 5th time *cough* Well, have fun! I know I do 
@Mama_Red  What a sweet compliment--I can only hope to reflect to others His love He shows me! Happy Lord's Day today 
I Just Gave My Friend Some Excellent Advice! Laughs 
Have A Blessed Day , Please Pray That I Do Well In My Audition Guys!  Waiting A Long Time For This Moment ...
@JonasBrothers Hey guys! I was wondering when is Joe's 'Single Ladie's' Dance going up? Well love you! Take care and God Bless! 
Kelsey Is Probably One Of The Sweetest Songs Ever Writtten By Metro Station xD!!! Can't Stop Listening To It :S 
@sherihatcher Awww Thanks Sheri for sharing me with your friends!!!! ((hugs)) and thanks for being there with me on Weigh In #1  Love YA!!
my first tweet in a....week? Anyways, jammin 2 Taylor Swift: You Belong With Me! This song is deff the song the feel good song of the yr. 
Getting ready for my speech today  Tried giving the speech to my kids and they found it funny talking about Financial Freedom  Hahaha
I thought that Jade did very well for the United Kingdom!  Well Done Jade! Fifth is Fab!
Wot A Rubbish Weekend, Deffo Not Staying In Next Weekend..Make Up 4 This Wkend Lol. Sunny Days Are Good Days  xxx
GOOD MORNING TWEETERS!,Big Day Today For One Im Going Shopping For All That Im Missing For My Trip To D.R. &amp; Its LIZ's College Graduation 
@michael_paynter Interesting! Are u re-recording some of it? I reckon Money On Your Tongue shoulda been a single. Look forward anyway 
Just finished reading 'the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy'. So funny! Loving Ford Prefect right now. 
@AnylaMarie damn fo real! I bet the heat is worse there! Yall r Closer to the equator. . . Lol. Remember to wear ur sunscreen! 
#1 most popular news story headline on Yahoo = Happiness Is ... Being Old, Male and Republican..........lol, this cracks me up 
@x_Beckiie_x Yep That Would Be #jonasparanoid !  How Was The Movie ?! x
''Its Cold Outside and The Sun Is Gone But Im allright Cuz Im Loving It....'' 
Old 97s ROCKED last night at Mayfest. Up front. Faced with grody Bud products or Corona in a can, I chose Corona. Did not disappoint.  
Is Goin To Be A Radio DJ Wen Shes Olderr  Get To Interview Awesomee People! Currently Very Jealous Of Reggie Yatess :O
@JoeFinder 'If i had a photograph of you...' Better than redneck: u   BTW just finished Killer Instinct - Fab! Thanks 4 writing it 
http://is.gd/wnIt Live Service Going On Now. Watch It! 
@nickybyrneoffic Heyy It Was Great To Cya Playen at Liverpool The Other Nite ..Hope Ya had a good time  Pleaseeee Reply xxxxx
Is Waiting To Hear JLS On The Hit40Uk 
listening to &quot;Perfect To Stay (Acoustic) - Collective Soul&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~6gwzh My all time favorite song. 
@quinland   Mhmm I Have  it Helps Me Do School Work aSwell Though  I Have A Laptop   Mine All For Me 
I Have Just Got Back From Pommy And Went To Primark With Some Of My Friends And Loved Every Second!! 
@BrokePimpStyles Hi! Happy Sunday! How are you?!?!  Thinking of adding one more day to my weekend... 
Hows Ma TwitterFam Livin? Whats Good Wit Everyone!? Get At Me! 
@Pink Hey P!nk BIG fan of yours  Your My Idol  Thanks For All The Advise You've given the world Your Rock Girl Love yaa xxx
Is Enjoying Listening To Radio 1  Everyone Should =D
A week-long cycling tour of Belgium to visit breweries and attend the Festival Of 100 Beers? Oh yes please 
OH MY GOD, did anyone hear the new Green Day album 21st Century Breakdown? It's insane!  http://snurl.com/i7hyk
@jonasbrothers Have A Great Day Boys! :] 66 Days Until I See You Guys In Concert!  &lt;3 Hope You Had A Great Weekend!
@KatyyandSam DITO Please  Awesome I'll Defo Buy It When It Comes Out  x
@evantaubenfeld Evan ... Love You  Come In France, we love you. You Rock ! ?
@VanessaRousso Watching the Go Daddy Tournament.. you did great against the aggressive Russian 
The #groovy / #grails / #griffon conference is starting tomorrow! Woohoo! For those interested, follow #gr8conf or @gr8conf 
Eek, I'm excited. Just installed Steam on my Mac so now I can Counter Strike and Half Life to my heart's content 
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
Yay Im Invited To A Sweet 16 
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
@DarkPiano Like the way you put that Audio Hug 
Your A ROCKSTAR.....Were The Ones Who Made You   Luvviinnn That Song ATM! =D
The Obsession Over SHAMWOWS Is Hilarious  Ha! I Bought My Uncle One!
Now will be rereading Amanda Quick's The River Knows. 
Its Th Little Things Tht He Does Tht Makes Me Smile 
On Our Waaay Home...I'm So Exausted!!! Had a Blast wit My HOney 
Just Watching Some Tele Getting Excited About Judgement Day 
Driving to yorkville while blasting A Day To Remember in the car. After that I'm going shopping  TEXT ME!
@dannymcfly Did You havee a Good Day today ?? i did A Dancing Competion And Came 1st !!  x
Almost Done With School. I Need To Leave This 8th Grade Hell Hole  Hahahaa! But, Excited For Disneyland With Everyonee
@tommcfly Did You havee a Good Day today ?? i did A Dancing Competion And Came 1st !!  x
@harrymcfly Did You havee a Good Day today ?? i did A Dancing Competion And Came 1st !!  x
@dougiemcfly Did You havee a Good Day today ?? i did A Dancing Competion And Came 1st !!  x
@rimglobal Thank You Mariposa! Beautiful Name! xox Lori 
@SouthwestAir We have all &quot;Drank the Kool-Aid&quot; 
@Fezzii - Nuthin Like Bless Fm!  Tune in From 9Pm! 106.7! (hey - i can rhyme! =P )
Has Just Got Her ------------- Friends Credit Card....Jonas Brothers Credit Card....And He Fall Out Boy Credit Card 
@Cooley_Cakes  Wait until you're obsessed like me  Did you cry when Angel died? Xoxox
OMiGod! I Like REALLY Slept in! This is the 1st for Me! Im Normally up at like 8:30am! But i feel Really Good Right Now! Have a Good Day! 
Are you a Pogo Addict? Join Our Community  www.createforum.com/badgemaniacs
OMG Hope You Have A Gr8 Time In Cannes Paris btw Your Always A Princess 
@x_Beckiie_x Yeah Who Asks Who The Jonas Brothers Are !? They Are Like Aaaaah  #jonasparanoid Sure Does Deserve To Be A Trending Topic 
@ChelseaHatherly - LOL... I'm Not Going On The Radio! XD I'm Just Tuning In...  but on the topic of Mum...
@KatyyandSam Really Woah That's A Lot Of Subs! I'm 15 Too!!  I Feel Like I'm Talking To Some Kind Of Celebrity Lol :L X
Not Long Now Till My Neice Or Nephew Is Here YAY!!! 
@jzy  I Hope, And the whole time I was doing these things. Bryan was Sleeping, Laying on the couch or Playing IRacing, AND I DIDNT BITCH! 
Think Thaaa Falling In Love On Radio One Was Awesoume 
Listen today to win a trip to the Coors Light Maxim Golf Experience! You have 2 chances between noon &amp; 6pm  www.thewolfrocks.com
Just sobbing over Ty Penningtons Extreme Home Make  Over 
@MTB4FAN LOL I love Turn My Swag On!! 
@KatyyandSam I Know But It's Still Awesome  :L How Did You Get Found?! Speak Later Yeah?! x
watching Doctor Who for the second time evar and rather liking it 
Lazy Sundays are the best...  Going to target. Silly weather won't get pretty so I can enjoy the pool!!
Heyy Heyy To All My New Followers! 
I NEED a Looong Vacation after I graduate! Wheeeeeew! Who wanna pay for it? 
DAMN!! Angels &amp; Demons Was Awesome, Really Good Movie.. I Need To Watch It Again But In A Movie Theater 
Remember #Desperate Housewives finale is tonight!  
@Thepeacebreaker actually Crisis Ice dropped on more Wu beats then any1 So I wouldn't worry bout him 
Shot scenes 3,4 and 5. Hurrah! Finally we're making a movie! Early results look unexpectedly impressive. Green-screening is awesome 
Im So Bored xx I Think I Might Make Myself A Yummy Coffee  But I Have Like No Organic Oat Biscuits Left xx SHAME X
Picked up some frames for my photography.  Off to see Godson play piano in a recital.  Then I get to do some printing tonight.  YEA!!  
@sborsch - Cool - Next time I can't find what I'm looking for, I'm coming to Wolfram Borsch 
Lets Bite Some People and Go All Rawr  VAMPIRES RULE &lt;69 Eyes&gt;
LOL! Girl Makes The Exact Same Face In Every Picture  http://ow.ly/7mAL
OMGOMGOMGOMG. 7 Days Until HU Live @ Slam Dunk  This obsession might take a while to die, I think.
Feeling-Refreshed After A Nice Shower  Exciteed 4 Tomozo- OK! Mag Comes Out Wiv Rob&amp;Kristen On Cover ;)
1 day until the LEGENDARY season finale of &quot;How I Met Your Mother&quot;!  #himymday #himym #himymweekend
@AnastasiaVonB Hope It's End Tonight by The All American Reject will help cheers you up. 
@ShelleyDogManz Nothing Bored Out~ My Mommy's Pomanna Is In 2 dayz i hope u come 2 the pomanna!  i Love Twitter &lt;3 Its soo Kewl! 
I love Stiff Dylans. &amp; Angus, Thongs &amp; Perfect Snogging. When I see that movie it reminds me of very special moments. 
@SolidMetalSnake lol you always gotta hate! Next time I see you ima punch you 
Ahhh! I Got I Just Found Out That I Got Into Miami University! I'm Freaking Out Right Now 
http://bit.ly/bPlEm  The trannie of cameras : The SLR born in a Point and Shoot's body Might save up for this 
Shattered - Trading Yesterday....one of the BEST songs I've ever heard. If you get the chance, PLEASE listen to it. 
Whoa! &quot;In Her Name&quot; just jumped to number 3 in the sci-fi category at http://www.Mobipocket.com (ebooks)!  
JLS On Radioo 1 Soon  Every1 Listen, New Single Will Be Played x
 Yup All Smile's Today Thanks To My best Kept Secret  He Is Too Funny Love That Guy..Welp Off To Work Out For A Bit Stay Focused Dig!!
@Freaky4McFly  i cant Remember What i Said Oooopsies Lol
@johnlloydtaylor http://twitpic.com/5dk5d - thats Sweet ^^ hope U Like Peruu  But Mexico Loves You MORE jajaja Just Joking^^
@xxlaurenbeexx Aw, cool  Your in the dvd (Y) What did your poster say? Were you crying at DGAO?  Xxx
Back in TN now. One more night w/my folks  Glad to be home. Recording new record this week with Avalon. God is so good, His mercies new!
Putting on last night's #Bones and #Castle, taped them because they clashed with Eurovision. Now I can watch @NathanFillion over and over 
Home &amp; just out of the shower. TV Time! Went 2 Mamaw Kay &amp; Pop's house 4 dinner tonight. Had a good time at church too. School tomorrow. 
@SabrinaKinckle and also when you think  RE: Transformation Tip: The most powerful words are whatever comes after &quot;I AM&quot; when you speak
http://twitpic.com/5ejcn - My Newest Mixtape - Download it free from Datpiff.com if you havent already! 
Thinking About Last Year Wow.... Lessons Learned Thank God For The Step'N Stones 
Amazing Game Tonight! How Bout That Damn Orlando Magic Team?! 
@ddlovato Have you ever watched Seth MacFarlane's Cavalcade of Cartoon Comedy ? You should...  it's awesome, will make your day 
@creativecurio I especially like Going Green, Dance posters, Fine homes pull-up and sould infusion. Nice stuff 
@Edgar_Allen Wait Until Dark. 
Eyes Without a Face, Billy Idol! Seriously, don't u love it when ur in the right place at the right time?! 
Hello Kellie Pickler I Am From Catawba County MAIDEN North CArolina Few Miles North Of Abermarle  Twitt Me Back 
Night All You Twitter People, Have A Good Sleep Everyone!! 
Blog is done...just text. I'll add a vid later  A Metro Vancouver Real Estate Sale Almost Lost Because of a Dog? http://bit.ly/HiWWQ
Insomnia ftw!  Just foundmy Chapters Gift card from Cooper from my birthday.  OMG. Julian, I am so buying RAFRAG on vinyl!! wait.. nvm 
@ensredshirt I should've known that. Clearly, I am more of a Doctor Who fan than BTTF. 
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
I Feel So Used Then They Wonder Why I'm Such A Cold Hearted Bitch.... Yay My Muchking Is Here I Missed My Nenos He's Titi's Favorite Baby 
Today is my Best Day In My Life 
&quot;Love Has Only A Beginning&quot; Darshan Singh Think and think about it, then think some more.  (This was my 4 hour meditation today)
So Excited &amp; Thrilled For Mikey Bustos..He Rocks The World 
http://twitpic.com/5exk3 - Another pic of Me, UncleD(The Canadian Assman) &amp; Rockband &quot;EASY SLEEZY&quot; @ VictoriaDay Longweekend Fest 
Okay... I'm Makin Myself Sign Off... Lmao. I Kno I Keep Sayin That But I'm Forreal Now. Y'all Made My Day. Love You Guys!!! Thanks 
Hmm... Laying here, listening to With You by Jessica Simpson. Love that song! 
Good Morning! Uploading Bunch Of Sexy Walls To  Web... 
@bravoyankee you just type stuff... i think.  Still trying to work it out.   Me wonders if there is a &quot;Video Guide&quot;... hmmmm.....
@sensonize ... Yep .. MOD ( Mad Over Donuts)  actually is a good place ...may be sometime on sat/ sun morning we will have tweetup there 
@jedmadela Im Craving For Chocolates. 
Its Even! {Goodnight} Gonna See My Tank-Tank Later 
Cradle Fables is now on FB - hoorah!  http://tinyurl.com/qyeftj  Remember ... my wall is your wall 
TelephOne Until I Pass Out ;;  Cant Wait O2 Speak O2 Dina In The [AM) , Got SOme ishhh O2 Tell Her Ass . LmfaO!   Night Night Twitter  
@AdrianneCurry @Pink sensational!  Looking foward to seeing you in Melbourne  Your Ellen interview aired today in OZ, was great!!
@sonnyjoeflangan Sonny its Ur Best Friend From The Video ... Im Soo Glad U Stared Twittering Again i Finally Hav A Reason 2Live 
I'm off to lay in bed playing &quot;The World Ends With You&quot; on my DS! All my Twitter updates tonight will be from my iPhone! 
At Uni Everyday Next Semester grrr!!! stupid paramedic kids stole monday's tut! but i got 5 classes with ashiie AND i got new clothes 
@impossiblecat Subject Matter Expert. It was a lot of fun, the questions were nice and broad and we gossiped about the evil assignments 
A Beautiful Woman Truly kindhearted Lady , Diana Ross n she lets me call her Diana  Do You Know http://bit.ly/JaeO7
@NikkiHReed Follow @Secret_Writer This person is great. And the way they put up their stories is really inventive 
@TheAshleyGreene Follow @Secret_Writer This person is great. And the way they put up their stories is really inventive 
@JayRathbone_ Follow @Secret_Writer This person is great. And the way they put up their stories is really inventive 
Watching &quot;Heavy: The Story of Metal.&quot; Dee Snyder is a genius! 
@MauiMichael hahaha Cool, thats the one I was leaning towards, cause it makes me laugh so hard :-P Thanks Buddy  You Rock !!
@adnamay OMG! What a nice thing to wake up to! Can't wait for True Blood. Ryan gets his clothes off a lot 
@theNJW an Autoharp! I play one in All My Pretty Ones. 
@v_for_victoria I'm pretty psyched for &quot;Terminator Salvation&quot;  Yay Christian! Have you seen the new Ent. Weekly? He's on the cover &lt;3
@AlohaArleen Hey - Thanks Yes it's only been a few mths - think the Law of Attraction / Like Minded people know how to find each other!x 
Just realized I don't have ?? class tomorrow. Yay! Another day off  I will have had one week w/o classes by Weds. ????????. T___T
actually reading a book tonite, &quot;Tender Is The Night&quot; by F Scott Fitzgerald, 19 pages deep, reading till i get sleepy 
@TiaMowry um... Well u already know T! More v-blogs. Don't make me start side-eying u like Cory LOL I kid. Can't wait for the com. Go T! 
@duffmcduffee Hey Duff, I bet you'd like his book Philosophy In the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and Its Challenge to Western Thought.  
Writing my first WPF app.. Finding the layout mechanism.. Interesting 
New Twitter. I'm giving my new followers FREE Katy Perry ringtones. Get &quot;Waking Up In Vegas&quot; and more just for following me 
Mmmm Nothing Like Mommy's Warm Homemade Chocolate Chip Cookies For A Midnight Snack 
My section is: St. Agatha! For Archie,  Have a Great time Wow! U Really did Inspired me! Thnx so much! Idol!  - Mariel &lt;3
Saving up for a Laptop &amp; some DJ Gear!  That will come after I've got my Paycheck!  
Hopped up out the showerrrrr Turn My Swag Onnnnn.... Yes I Am Diggin the newly dyed darker hair 
@becjee Oh, and holding them down and forcing them to listen to Howl's Moving Castle. With pseudo-welsh accents 
New Twitter. I'm giving my new followers FREE Katy Perry ringtones. Get &quot;Waking Up In Vegas&quot; and more just for following me 
http://twitpic.com/5f1nu - Shell, My new daughter 5/16/09, William 111 my step son and my husband, Have no kids of my own...Just Pets 
OMJ this dude is amazing! 'Part of Your World' Piano cover  it's just so beautiful  http://bit.ly/K2IaN
Nope, didn't hit 420 followers yet. Ah well. Watching King of the Hill. Likely the only way to enjoy it. Also grabbed another beer. 
@girlstoys Yep, weather has been brill. Stoked when the Sun`s out like this  Looking fwd to Summer, yeah
Night  Nite World. Till  tomra... Maybe... Lol. WQat can i say.  You just never know 
@dannygokey hahaha! very funny comment Danny!  Hi From your fans in Cebu, Philippines!  Take care and God bless! 
@aschernathan I love Phoenix. Faves are Funky Squaredance, Too Young and If I Ever Feel Better. Excellent choice 
Listening to Thick As Thieves. 
Goodnight My Twitter Folks! Time To Go To sleep.  laterz
@Moonchild66 LOL. The joy of youthful calm huh!?  ;) hope he does well. Try to relax as well. 
@oXoBRITToXo Britt  What are you auditioning for Drama Club?
Huh. Who knew? Takes a long time for 5 shots of tequila to wear off... Still feeling wonky after ~4 hours. Nice  except time for bed now.
Phew. Statistics assignment submitted. Feeling ok about that one. Tea time now, then accounting test, then rest time 
Eternal Sunshine of the spotless mind! Watched it? No? u had a greaat miss! 
@samtelford Hello there! So I was no.99. Referred to by the lovely @belinka21  Bring on Wall of Soundz!! Will you be gigging before NKOTB?
@mikeyway Your Angels &amp; Demons Review. I Love It...The Only Thing Is That Some Of The Special Effects Were Excellent...7/10 
@gfalcone601 Hi!!  I see that you love Lost. It's Awesome. Who is your favourite character?
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
im up watching Lady Sings The Blues this movie is awesome... back when divas could really act 
@iantalbot Get Zen about it. After a while, I made the noise part of my 'indoor head music'. When it finally stopped, I became anxious 
Joanna took the Who Is Your Soulmate? quiz on facebook &amp; the result is Belongs With Someone With Rhythm! 
@ScottSharman Is it Applause Store? If so i'll login when i get home to see if i can change from Apply to Reserve List 
@surfingfarmboy Mmhmm. For 3 weeks, but not before a quick stop-over in L.A. to drop off the fuzzy-butt and pick up the mother. 
OMG All Time Low!! The Take Action Tour is not far away now. I got fliers  Get excited, get your tickets!! www.myspace.com/destroyalllines
@djackmanson I've already got my Roller Derby skates...just needed a derby closer to me!  Now I've got it.  Look out...jgirl's about.  
@sethsimonds Wow. Avatar. Thanks  @rum1t  shot it. Loved your &quot;Why I unfollowed...&quot; Madhouse it is.
@esizkur For going out? Cool. For work? No 
2500th POST - I've been saving this one. Why did the Lion get lost? Beacuse Jungle Is Massive 
Completed Race for Life yesterday with Mum and all the Alex Ladies! Congratulations everyone!   NEVER seen rain and wind like it!! hahaha
@Dog_Crazy How many anisibs you have? I see pix's posted willl have to go see... hope mom can get back to sleep! 
#musicmonday i recommend The Enemy - No Time For Tears 
10 even better Wolfram|Alpha easter eggs! http://bit.ly/6bnbK Loving the reference to Back To The Future (nr 7) 
@ShapeThrower I would listen to it just to check out what comes on.Imagine people in traffic listening to Outrun's Passing Breeze. 
CBTM are the initials for Cookie's current single, Come Back To Me. Now it also stands for Come Back To Manila. Thanks to his fans. 
@apples33ds Hahaha!  Tell Hans I would Hang MYself if he did that, so he shouldn't. I don't call myself one. I am one. With a distinction 
@VeronicaMcG Earth Quake pics on one side of the page. Real-Estate ads on the other. Hmm...marketing fail 
Jason Derulo - Whatcha Say On Repeat,.  ? ? ?
@lilmui Hiya! Probably u missed th McValue Lunch thingy by 0.01sec after 3:00 pm 
@donniewahlberg Seasick? Feeling with you! Every time I watch a boat go by I feel sick. But that's not the reason I missed the cruise 
Is in South London meeting the Sisterhood TV Team. Yes you did read correctly... Giz is south of the river 
@DonnieWahlberg Next time, I will stay on your Side  Relaxe full time for you 
Im In Science And I Have Just Finished My Coursework Early! Wooo  Hopefully The Teacher Doesnt Find Out That Im On Twitter :S Hahaa x
@foxandfriends  Yep! AND he should be MUZZLED by the Secret Service &amp; required to write contents of James 1:19 on a blackboard, 4x/day. 
Yawn... Rise &amp; Shine Campers! It's gonna be a good day...  just becus i'm in it!
For All Football (Soccer) Fans Out There: South Africa 2010 World Cup Here We Come!  http://bit.ly/9uJee Really Cool Advert!!! ;)
@rahmarina di ujung banget, berlawanan arah sama Dufan. Next time kamu mudik, we'll go there 
GoodMorning People Another Monday Morning, Glad To Be Alive And In Good Health This Morning. Gotta Take It 1 Day At A Time  QDLB
For lovers of Heavy Christian Music. Get over 30 songs free. Mostly unsigned. Download it now!  #musicmonday http://is.gd/AXYK
@Frontieruk Already pre-ordered mine from Play 
Okay, I'll play along. #3hotwords/#3turnoffwords (depending on mood) &quot;Botched Brazilian Wax&quot; 
GM FBs and Tweeties! Remember to be the Star Player and make the hataz work hard today! Smile hard and keep on steppin'! 
Arduino ordered... I also got the proto shield, a breadboard, and a thermal sensor. Next weekend should be fun   http://bit.ly/2ye9No
In Bed Listening To Radio 1 And Chilling On Laptop  x
Who like Transformers Movie?...Today it's premiere of Revenge of The Fallen soundtrack, New Divide, by Linkin Park... I can't wait 
GaylaKManifesting my motor home sold  http://falome.net/rv Want to help? Talk to your Cosmic Engineers for me. http://cosmicengineers.com
@Virtua_Tennis Apple + Fire = Win? Which is obviously true. Sorry we can't make the event today! Hope it goes down well! 
OMG Just sold another Stop Smoking E-Book! http://tinyurl.com/c9gn55   I'm soooo happy!
@Kayon_r http://twitpic.com/5f6sq - LOOL...She's Dressed Like She's Going 2 Get Baptized 
Because of You by 98 Degrees, No Strings Attached-*NSYNC &amp; Paranoid by Jonas Brothers go well together!  Weird I know! #jonasparanoid
Ready For The Day To Unfold! Off Todayyy Taking A Day Trip To VA To See My Girl Nicole! Happy Tweeting Today! Smiles&amp;Giggles xoxo  Meka&lt;3
How I Met Your Mother - The Leap, Tomorrow 2.am. 
Im back!!! Practically ran to nursery there..was so late! It was good practice for the Race For Life though on 7 June! 
Never Mind The Bollocks is making the day pass in *such* a pleasant manner... 
At School(: Wishingg To Meet Thee Kardashian Sisters 
Drove 2 Work Off That Ross Album &amp; Now I'm On My Chrisette Ish! Ready 2 Have A Good Day @ Work! Hope You All Do The Same! 
@TeresaMedeiros Aren't you just the tweeter   BTW, Some Like Wild sold very well - straight Hist is your nitch 
Well, another day and here I am up at the crack of dawn. Rise and Shine everyone, be healthy today 
@marianneev One word: Airborne.  Love that fizzy stuff. Besides, you wash your hands... I wouldn't worry. Have fun in FL! SCUBA?
loves Pop Goes Punk. The other people on the bus have no idea how ironic I am. Off to my first day of work! 
@KeepinUpWKris Keeping Up With The Kardashians was really AWESOME last night, i loved it!! I have to watch the next episode next week! 
finished reading The Man in my Basement. Very good.  Now to the big bag of books my mother dropped off to see what's next. TY mom 
@daftapeth True. I'm like Count Duckula's Nanny! I quote: [door bell rings] Nanny: &quot;I'll get it!&quot; [sound of door breaking] Yup. That's me 
I love Doctor Who books 
@GMMR Especially when it seems that less material means more money. Case in point, bikinis that you have but pieces separately. 
Thnx Maryz 4Doing The Pix 4Me   Oh and Did anyone Know Bradies Middle Name is Gerald Hehehe Sooo Cute
This a.m.'s grace card: *Relax.* Breathe. Everything is happening exactly as it should be. ... Lovely thought to launch a good week. 
Thanks @blancarocks &amp; @aboothnj...  I'm thinking Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close... P.S. That was an AWESOME episode of South Park 
Ok then, day off so woke up about 10 minz ago. Waiting for a reply for Emma then going to do the Kitchen 
http://twitpic.com/5fakn - Want See Green Back Yard O my god lets here it for WestCoast Canada zen like Ea! Even Booda Would Go Wow 
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
Joke time: &quot;Why did the boy stick a water hose in his friend's ear?&quot;  Answer:  He wanted to brainwash him. lol Compliments from my kiddos 
A Virtue Again. I Can't Stop It. Why?   
Yesterday I (day)dreamt about a doc management system like this. Hurry up MS!   The Copenhagem Concept http://vimeo.com/4255076
#Waterboarding is torture. #America condoned it. Should not use again. Done. #moveon  No hearings, no trials. Learn from it.
Morning every1 hope u all have a wonderful Blessed day! Remember Focus on ur goals in life, u r the only1 who can make Dreams come true 
http://twitpic.com/5fcid - Meet the newest edition to the Ineffable3-Ruiz Family. His name is Cricket 
Random Act of the Day: Did I reaaally just convince these guys 2 rent out mopeds 4 me 2 ride along the mediterranean coast??... Yep! haha 
300 updates - the last 100 full of wonderful atgofion. I Love My Friends Too Much For Words 
got my blackberry back. Phrase of the day: It's a Jungle Out There  and we mean it.
@giannasmiley i love all the songs of @DavidArchie  especially To Be With You and Waiting For Yesterday You Can is good too
That Exam Was Easy  Very Chuffed  Tweet 
@DanaXDanger That Intro Was Awesome  x
Starting To Get Stuff Packed For The Springfield Show 
@ddlovato You SHould Feel Worthy Of Your Fans You Do An Amazing Job Everyone Loves You !  x
@ncfcog Tell me about it....Exhausted before I have even set foot outside of the door!  I hope you have a good day. Off to Manchester
Anyway! Happy #followfriday to all. Will share some &quot;must follow&quot;s later. Wish u all a good day! Alot to do here as usual 
Im Having This Shooot Tommorrrrow. Wooh. @ Colon Again. But Night Time! 
Excited!! Riding MY horse this morning!! Wonder if it'll feel any different? Perhaps like the first nervous drive home in a new car!!  
Heute wiederentdeckt: Element of Crime. So coool! 
Hi this is http://gayorbispace.com we are a new online Gay, Lesbian &amp; Bisexual network to meet new friends  Check Us Out....It's FREE
@AubreyODay I know those true life shows get you hooked! Straight up!! They also need True Life fans waiting to hear more of Aubrey! 
partyy today!!! Best Wishes To My Friend, Milly. 
Watching and at the same time downloading random videos of The Soup. Really hilarious.. I love it 
Happy With The Results 
watched How To Lose Friends &amp; Alienate People and now watching He's Just Not That Into You  Justin Long is so cute
@KimSherrell You have over 14k updates! ...I am not worthy...(bowing twice...) #FollowFriday  She is the Ever-Ready Bunny of twitter!  
Ya, scratch that. Leaving for Orlando in EXACTLY 93 hours!  (Miscalculated the first time)
Had An Awsome Night At Maxwell Point ! 
@ifetish Hello Damion!! How are you sun shine?   Chat with you later today. Bye for now ~Venus 
@johnreese Star Wars, Episode V, The Empire Strikes Back - It's the movie that turned me into a Jedi! 
15 Ways Of Getting (Free) Traffic For Your Blog | http://bit.ly/VJ4q0 | Please leave a comment! 
New Zealands Next Top Model Is The Shittt! 
Cant Wait For An Awesome Night Tonight 
Don't forget, tonight (Fri, May 22) is the big show at The Whiskey Tango in NE Philly.  It might be a cliche, but, R U Ready 2 Rock?! 
Well I'm off to hobnob with a few Ravellers in the flesh at Gems Cafe in Randwick (The Spot). Great company &amp; tons of chat  #Ravelry
Indeed I am Bored. English Class-Meant For Revision-Instead TWITTER Haha. I am an utter Genius 
@johnreese  it will be The Pursuit Of Happiness.  It is a rag to riches story and it is definitely inspiring! 
Hurray for the weekend! Moving back home &amp; painting my room.  Just bought a #xbox 360 Elite. Suggestions for good games are appreciated.
Layout Changed, Now Looks Better  comments are appreciated www.googleposition.com
I'm Gonna See If Tahnee's Computer Is Gonna Let Me Up Load A Photo!!!??? 
One of the Biggest Keys To Success is Realizing the Door is Not Locked 
I Got A Big Ego Such A Huge Ego I Talk Like Dis Cuz I Can Back It Up  
If E x N = 12, L + X = 4 and K-T = 1. What does W + M = ? Answer at Mensa from 26th. PM me if you want to know why i say 8 is the answer 
Re: How I Met Your Mother: Yep! It was awesome  I love Missy! http://tinyurl.com/olzso5
Still listening to 'Not The Only Person' on repeat. Now impatient for July for two reasons, baby and The Rumble Strips album! 
Try It Again - The Hives! Blue and yellow room - HELL YES. I think. We have a million paint swatches so I may change my mind 
catch the Ateneo de Manila College Glee Club tomorrow on GMA's &quot;Are You The Next Big Star?&quot; 
Gonna Be Getting My Hair Dyed Back To Blonde 
Back to Android-wifi-tether  Tried it and it works great on my JF 1.5 #G1. No more buggy anetshare!
You can call me...Nocturnal Teen.  So sleepy right now... I've Listened To Taylor's Swift's Fearless CD 3 Times in a row... Yay!
I Say Green, Thats A Really Nice Colour Two Say Your Ready For The Show 
Hmmmm  Watching Family Matters @ 4 in the a.m. annnd thinking about somethingg/someone. All smiles.
@JonasBrothers Went to see Night At the Museum 2! I love how you got Lovebug in there!  Love the new song! Maybe better than Paranoid??
'Time Is An Illusion and All Time Is Now'... &quot;You ready to have some fun?  I thought so...&quot; Read Ariel's full article @ http://tr.im/jFd7
Got another Betta. This is the third male Betta I have now  Black and blue. Now I need a nice cheap bowl for him.
Is In Ict Next To The Legend Kayyytee Gara  Last Day &amp; Cant Wait For Holiday 
Arghhhhhh. Has The Worst Tooth Ache In The World.. But Doped Up On Painkillers 
Grandma is irritating the shit out of me! And, fetching Aidan in a lil' while. On another note, BLOG'S UPDATED! 
I'm Listening to Pete Townshend's  demo of  Time is Passing. Which was later recorded by The Who and put on the 1974 Odds and Sods album 
MorNin Twitters ....I'm Startin Follow Friday Early So0o FOLLOW ME  I Return Follows ...yeSs I Do0o ;-p
Bip. Seinfeld. The Bet. Awesome. 
#firstrecord Gift: Best of The Beatles. Bought myself: Quadrophenia, The Who, from Our Price Records in Croydon. I still have it 
Coffee Time.  No work today. Going to see new Doc. Just catching up and reading the news. 
Just Got Done Feeding The Baby Larry And Janet Just Came Home Im Tired XooXx 
#followfriday @Enigmatist - Bright, witty, clever and Irish. What more could you want? 
New Twitter. I'm giving my new followers FREE Katy Perry ringtones. Get &quot;Hot N' Cold&quot; and more just for following me 
A guy said.. In India we need Quantity NOT Quality. And i whispered fuck you..  Poor guy..
@Richard_Flewitt  Good Luck!  and My Friday Message is Don't Worry Be a Happy Tweet! - #ecademy http://bit.ly/pNJ3E  ;-)
New Twitter. I'm giving my new followers FREE Katy Perry ringtones. Get &quot;Hot N' Cold&quot; and more just for following me 
@Bumi  Just for you: Playing Mario Bondi's &quot;No Trouble On The Mountain&quot; #mojobaby
ramping up for a great day of weather, good tunes on K-Lite, and fun with the listeners playing Name It and Claim it, &amp; Jackpot Radio ! 
I Have Just Been Told That What I Saw Was The Space Station! So Guys.....IM NOT CRAZY!! YEEAAA 
@lilacstardust Wait! I was talking about Alexis' nice boots whens she sang I'm Yours with Anoopie.  There was a big hair thing?
@theskorpion  Have a safe trip in Miami   Make sure u hit up Wet Willies in South Beach ! Ask  4 the drink called &quot; Call A Cab &quot; 
Stuck n Lost !! Where am I ? Last time at Mangga Dua.. Alone !!!  I want my SENAYAN !! Hahahaha
Was able to watch Night At The Museum 2 today. it's awesome. 
Come Save-Sarah Reeves  &quot;We desperately need Your grace&quot;
GM! Mi twittzlez  TGIF ;&gt;)Those that wait dont get it, but those that get it, dnt let it go. Take time &amp; find meaning. Blss ya'll V-ERSE
@mcsleazy Ooh... The Gossip! Going to see them twice next week. 
SoMe News: Social Media Is NOT The Answer |  Bnpositive's Blog http://ad.vu/cw8n
Still in Kentucky! Leaving today @ 12:30pm. Let the Birthday Festivities BEGIN! 
From the guys that did An Engineers Guide To Cats : &quot;Video: Cat Yodeling&quot; - http://twlol.com/tw/?v1-148338 #lol #ichc Hilarious 
Who looks after your business calls? - Let Office Helper help, with our unique Call Handling Packages  
Know about Frankie Beverly &amp; Maze? Probably not if not born in the 70's or earlier!  Thank God for YouTube...  Been a long nightr... lol
Do Payroll;Cut/Dye Hair;clean house;visit mom;groceries; lay in sun; dinner; maybe a movie; think happy thoughts. over the rainbow...  
Read up on Soul Eater. Another great manga to add to my list on good mangas read. 
new ep of Down The Line on Iplayer  http://bit.ly/ylG6K
#FirstRecord HIStory - Michael Jackson......Drove My Family Crazy Listenin and DANCIN to it haha still got it aswel 
My Garden Is So Beautiful. 
My Kid's have the Sweetest Smiles, it's like Having the Sun Shine on this Super Gloomy Day and Their Love Warms Me more then Three Sun's 
School Spare First Period Going To Breckfest With Stacey  Ottawa Tonight, Then To Ingleside To Check Out The New Lot And Visit The G-rents
@Bixtin That was like 10X times better than Cillit Bang Remix! Thank ya for making my day 
is listening to Beck's &quot;Lost Cause&quot;, while the river's rushing outside of the window. Such a beautiful day. Going home in about an hour! 
Almost done my Hard Questions workbook. Then doing NA stepworking guide. I. Will. Stop. Being. A. Douche. 
Ding Ding! The wrestling match between Me and the Attack-Terror Cat is officially a draw! I will be victorius one day 
@Rockstar_Sid Why it's down ? WSOD - White Screen of Death 
@Lewislewisj Broken belt? Whats wrong with that? 
@getfancy Thanks for the Compliment and you have a Fantastic Friday Pretty Lady!! hahaha Your Awesome   #followfriday
@SwitchedOnNaija Really? then Desperate Houswives it is  Any Couch potato moment will work for me...Am IN.
@Dirkosand Maybe the Shrink just misses you and wants to Catch Up with what you've been up too  haha Good Afternoon Pal
Tweeting from Dublin (: So happy to see everyone! Weathers just the same though :-/ Lol. Girls Aloud - 8 days! Ahhh  xo
@VickieS2  Go to Bed Woman  LMAO It's cool I always try to have a Good day 
Played the demo to Monster Hunter Freedom Unite, and finished the marathon quest in 14mins with the LS. Still have it in me. 
is listening to &quot;Light Years Away&quot; by Mozella http://tinyurl.com/qs3vhf *sigh* Just can't seem to get tired of this song 
Prince George's County, Maryland - Mary Has Given Us the Title Deeds. Empire Strikes Back For Real. With a Deadly Kiss.  http://bit.ly ...
Just Paid My Phone Bill..&amp; Bout To Pay On The Monthly Tuition Fund. Feeling A Little Better Knowing I Have Those Out The Way  Whats Good?
I love The Harry Potter Movie So Much &amp;&amp; I'm Addicted to It  I can't Wait to watch the Sixth movie! C:
&quot;Consider me destroyed&quot; - Paranoid; Jonas Brothers 
@Big_Quilz Really? Well Good Luck On Dat. Lol. Do You Twit While At Work? 
This Social-Media Kegger Not All It's Cracked Up to Be http://is.gd/BMPb -Do you agree with Doug deGrood? Some good points, but... 
@WildStorm Hey got a question for ya, has anyone ever successfully compiled a Wildstorm Universe Chronology? As in a reading order? 
FRIDAY! thanks Sexy_Women for your nice icon. You have one of the best picture here in twitter.  So nice , So nice   -JohnnyO
@FrankieTheSats  Thanks for your dance lesson on Youtube! NOw I can dance the chorus of If This is Love and a Big part of Up! Thank you! 
London this weekend, Elton/Billy on Tues, Strung Out/No Use For A Name on Wed....Gonna be a good week 
Signed up. Cycling 180km in August.  RONA MS Bike Tour. Should be a blast   Now the non consumption of beer and bad food begins.
&gt; @totalfilm: Try again...Lunchtime Reading: The Story of Gladiator 2 (http://bit.ly/ROqBZ) If this is 4 real it would be gr8 and mental! 
@Kinnamon I hope you can come out. Yes, you can buy tickets at the door! Free Drink w/your ticket! 
Check Out These Creepy Ghost Sightings + More http://is.gd/Cm9K Feel free to Re-Tweet 
I Changed My Name..! Im So Happy..! So.. This Is Quite A Boring science Lesson.. Aimee 4 Naoise I Dont Know Naoise But Who Cares anyway. 
@GenevaMWilgus Doing fine. Lots of crazy stuff is happening. Oh, I got accepted to Utah Screenwriters Program (kinda cool) 
@CharliePodge New blink song is called The Night The Moon Was Gone. Hopefully hear it soon. How's work?  i love you.xxxx
@maydbs #followfriday Thanks @maydbs (The Brazilian in Sweden). Humbling.  Here's to sharing great music on @thursplay. Trevlig helg !
seated dancing happening in my cube. Moby's I Love to Move In Here is so appropriate.. 
@studio_gal @BebeZed Gurlfrendzz!! Hugs &amp; a bum slap 2 u both! Forget Food Friday. Sending u a bottle of Merlot for the 3 of us to share 
Up! Tired. Work 10-7 then off saturday and sunday  i'm really feelin: A Day To Remember-Over My Head 
Breakfast done. Getting ready to head to Cumming, would really rather go tomorrow but oh well. I need some cheese w/ my whine 
The Human Nova Lasers Are Sending Out a Terrifying Pulse Today.   http://bit.ly/19aoNH
Just Woke Up  No School Today!!
Friday. YES! Three Day Weekend Coming Up. I Just Have To Get Through Today. 
@ColonelTribune Is this Mega from Texas? If so, My Wife is going to be VERY Happy 
Join us TODAY from 3-7pm for our Community Blood Drive. It's for a GREAT cause! 
@Faulsey And that piece is called &quot;The Man With The Machine Gun.&quot; Have you heard The Black Mages' rendition. 
We really think you should buy your Green Home and Garden Tour Passport! Really! Go to greenup.on.ca for more info 
@srharris19 That's why I always had an affinity for The Question and The Shadow. Those guys wear suits and ties, man. 
@missmcrae Check out my book, &quot;Designing the Business of Your Dreams&quot; b/c it is written for YOU!!!  E-mail if u have qtns. Happy 2 help!
Me Head is Banging My Lord  Cumebyar Some One Help me my Lord Cumebyar 
Who looks after your business calls? - Let Office Helper help, with our unique Call Handling Packages 
Mouse aka The Waldorf Posterboy - My Love Utopia mp3. http://www.zshare.net/audio/60340982509aebc8/ Countdown To 1.5  For the Ladies 
@duality1 I'd better not mention that I've been CC'ed onto an email that was sent to Doctor Who producers present and future 
@swarup Good Fri mornin here. Orlando I wish, Or is for Oregon  Just turning Summer here too. Have a great wknd or is it over in India?
Aiyah, didn't update yesterday. Getting ready to go to school. Free dress and minimum day!! Woo. Today is going to be a great day, I hope 
@phillyBurbs RE: Retro Music Friday. No &quot;Eye of the Tiger&quot; from Rocky III? Clearly you were rooting for Clubber Lang! 
@fsutoby @SternalPR How's this? FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Baseball Fanatics Place Fate of Avatars on Near-Celler Dweller Series 
Casual Encounters: This Kitty Needs a Lot of Attention  - w4m http://tinyurl.com/r7nxjc
@juliannasculpts @MattressFactory Could it be ... Guns 'n Roses? If so, &quot;Welcome to the Jungle,&quot; please. 
@LorettaK Enable you? Me? Now Loretta, you know me better!!  Every chance I get to!
thinks Green Day needs to Go Far Far Far Away and Never Return Again!!! STFU    &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
#FollowFriday For True Grit Wit! = @LaBarceloneta - She will always leave you &quot;breathless&quot;.  (don't tell her I said that)
@Bel Welcome back! Quite the weather contrast hey?  Which bit of Bali did you stay in?
@DecembeRadio That would be Tallahassee, our state capitol. Got tons of family in that area, up 10 and down 19 as far as Perry. 
Just Back From School. It Was Crap. Buhh Its The Weekend Now 
&lt;b&gt;Miley Cyrus Will You Follow Me On This? Love You 
@CYNTHIARENEE Now following you!  thanks to @djautomatic Remember that song &quot;Ma be ez&quot; Fabolous? Mayne!
Looking for a Plan B? This has been wonderful to me, free car &amp; all.  Read the &quot;About me&quot; part.. http://bit.ly/kN5Wf
I Am So Bored...Its Wicked Hot Outside...I Dont Know Why I Used That Word...HAHAHA 
@Serene_Balance Thank you for the mention! So how are you? Getting ready for the long weekend? Anything fun? 
Oi @skinnermike Your on TV here at the Mo...on Rage!~ Just thought You may be interested!~ ok ...as you were!~ ;) Smile 
saw an ad banner for Mouse Guard on ICV2 Today. Awesome. 
@tommytrc Keep the Faith! Everything will be Alright  #tommybaby09 ? http://blip.fm/~6tgbv
Follow Friday @cameronmarion   Singer, Songwriter, the most Honest &amp; Friendly female artist I've ever met online!!! #followfriday
@NathalieCaron I heard this morning WGN Channel 9's Dean's List gave it a disappointing D! Yikes. Still have to see for myself 
@tommcfly Haha! Bless but I dont think it's going to snow there. Having Fun?  xxxx
Good Morning Fav Tweeps, What a beautiful day here in Oregon, What kind of weather are you having? Are you ready to get started? 
@FearlessBG Really? Better sent me that Iris Nobile back then  Just kidding, I am glad you are enjoying it.
Come see the &quot;Amazing Adventures of Normal People in 3D!&quot; It starts tonight at 8:20pm in the Green Venue! 
@Nickman611 lol Tis 1.33am fri night, sat mornin  And in Philly? What about 5pm friday?????
Sister graduates h-school today. Exciting! Once chaos is done, I shall tweet once more 
@StephenThom4s - Drew a card for you  - 6 Wands - known as the Lord of Victory.  What can I say?!  Fingers crossed for you 
@SarahKSilverman but I am not married, no kids, and am lonely.On the +ve side I'm moving to LA. Written a sitcom Not Married wih No Kids 
@shanedawson kill u Shane. So, I hoe I choose that #. hahaha. Jk. lol. Love Ya. 
If you listen to The Magnetic Fields' song &quot;My Only Friend&quot; and then The Dodos' &quot;Winter,&quot; what do you think? 
Where is my HM: The Movie game for wii?! I'm gonna shoot a video for Kaitey so she gets to see Lucas Till animated!  Aren't I nice? xD.
@theashleytaylor I Miss You ASSHOLE!!!!!!.....Come Contaminate My Life With German-ness. 
I cannot wait to go to NYC...... Watching Fraiser and watching the puppy sleep. My Gyp Gyp is sooooo cute  hahaha
OMG it's a real book now!  First printed copy of Online Marketing Inside Out:  http://tr.im/mvUs  In stock soon 
Green peppers, lil steak and watching Down By Law - Jim Jarmusch.. This is what it feels like to be home huh! 
&gt; OMG it's a real book now!  First printed copy of Online Marketing Inside Out:  http://tr.im/mvUs  In stock soon  (@ShayneT)
Im Getting New Shutter Shades real soon! 
@jakubandrew I Am The Dream; You Are The Dreamer... self titled EP. YDG?!?!  haha
Bed. Working 10-3. So excited for Dixon on frrrriday 
http://bit.ly/osbc5  - I Have An Addiction To This Song  But Does Anyone Blame Me?
@BlackSoco Likewise. Listened to ur #music at myspace. Cool! U top friends. &quot;Mess It Up&quot; is my #hiphop  http://is.gd/Elji
My Food Was Bomb! I Sware I Love Pasta! Rollin Up Watchin All My Children N Fashion Show on Tivo! 
@myalchod I had a lot of fun hanging out with you.   Next con for me is Y-con I suppose.
@daniellemmiller LOL...well it's awesome nonetheless!  Next thing you know...you'll have dozens of Beachbody Coaches to work with!
New Photos and Art On The Wee Gees Facebook Page and A New Video Added to the Wall; http://tr.im/TWGFBP Fan The Blog For Updates 
Under a starlit sky, watched a distant lightning storm from the swing on our patio. Next best thing to being on vacation. 
@pechomuchacha oooo, hehe. Next week so late but nvm u just take care babe. 
Decent work-day for. For me, at least. Shower, maybe food, &amp; Alice in Wonderland before bed. Seeing AndrewJames tomorrow 
@mrrickybell BTW thanks for the reply  Looking forward and hoping to catch NE sometime this summer...Full Service maybe? 
Big Shout Out to all of my Tweet Friends......You All ROCK 
@Chanel649 Hey...If You're at The Beat Kitchen on Saturday and Gone Off Them Skittles Then I'll Be on Your Level, Ha Ha 
@jeffarchuleta Get better passwords, Jeff.  Longer, alphanumeric. Just don't forget what it is, lol. Hope that doesn't discourage you tho.
@theDebbyRyan Don't Be Afraid, We'll Make It Outta This Mess, It's A Love Story Baby Just Say Yes &lt;3  Much Love&amp;God Bless.x
I love Kellie Pickler haha Best Days Of Your Life on repeat 
The Bravery - Honest Mistake / Because I need company  ? http://blip.fm/~740tw
@KevinRuddPM You guys delivered a smackdown on the opposition today in Question Time! Funniest show on TV! Wish ABC showed it all! 
@juliehancock32 You know Seabird too!? Cool  Did ya go to their Orlando show? Cause they only ever played Orlando once before this year!
@SongzYuuup  I Need A Girl Is A Sick Track bro Good Working Looking Foward To Ur New Tracks Big Fan 
Hawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww BattleForge now free to Play  No 30$ fee required to download that is Simply Awesome  http://tinyurl.com/r36be7
Paranoid by Jonas Brothers and Come Back To Me by David Cook please?  @magic899
@NHL10 Will we see the addition of a Trade Block and/or Rumour Mill in NHL 10? It's on the EA Forums and would be a welcomed addition 
@mileycyrus I haven't watched Scary Movie IN Forever!!! hmm Now I'll have to watch it! 
Good Night Califorina And Texas Even Though Im Not Thair YET I Will BE Soon.  Only In My Dreams Ill Never Be Famous or a food singer see:
Just realized Race For the Cure is June 7th! All signed up for my Mom's team  We're only $85 short of our goal!
@marjorie: &quot;@joechapman: &quot;@azandiaMJBB: &quot;@Zahgon: Thank you    ~~~The Zombies~~~&quot;Time Of The Season&quot;&quot;&quot;&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~742ng
some great stuff here thx 4 add! @Style@EvDJ: &quot;@ladypn: &quot;Bounce THAT!   &quot; Done! You are on a roll &quot;cheers&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~74kks
thank U!! @Dr_DinaSadik @DanWhitley Why Thank U Dan... Appreciate the Shout.... Hope U have an Artistic Day decorated with Music &amp; Smiles 
@Gen22 Good. Catching up on twitt and LTT/LTR/Forum..Whew! Its a lot of work. lol. 
@its_sb Mine Are Never Guhd As This One,.. Lol,. U Should Check Tha Picture Of Me &amp;&amp; Mah Sister (HalfSister),, Thas How Gud It Wuz,.! 
@dougiemcfly ... yeah you're Right, But it's already exist, it's called McFly Land 
Guess I'll Upload Some Twitpics With This Extra Energy Thanks 2 My Friend @zizzazz Got Me Buzzing Like A B, No It's Not The Coffee!!  (|_|
Oh, well. Magic will win it in Orlando instead.  Now time for Up!
Listening to Further Seems Forever - How To Start A Fire at work, show tonight, sweet hang outs with friends, life is good 
@LordLike I'm Sorry I'm Mad Late With That Reply By The Way! 
@kandydevil Wow! Rach goes for Drag Queens. What a breaking story. Would I dress in drag to do you? hmmmmmm? That would make some porno! 
Who In The HELL Dresses LAMAR ODAM..He Or She Need 2 Be SHOT! Please Let Me Dress U Boo..I Promise They Won't Talk About U NO MORE!  Loll
Yay!! I can't believe I'm talking to Him!! he is so amazing &lt;3 Listening to: Hear me Now-Framing Hanley 
My favorites: Black Keys, Fly With Me, Before The Storm, Don't Speak and Turn Right &gt;:] Can't wait for the album!! June 16th! 
@grossdale So glad Lose Myself Tonight is released to the masses now- it's been a favourite among my group of friends 
Hopin' To Meet Some New Friends  On Here 
@bacieabbracci Cool! He works at Vita-Mix. Beautiful Area. We were up there last Saturday. 
Glee = gooood!! Really enjoyed the pilot and now looking forward to its fall season 
Don't forget to vote for Raising Cane's in the TimesofAcadiana's Best Of Acadiana! http://extras.timesofacadiana.com/bestof09/  DO IT!! 
Hurray, our corporate site get the Google PR update, Proud to get PR-5. Thank you google  http://www.softwebsolutions.com , Do visit us 
Just finished watching The Handmaid's Tale, it was pretty good. Now out of Tweeterland and into dreamland. G'night all! 
Had an awesome night with Loves Army Symphony... Check out pic at http://twitpic.com/65yp8 great food!!! 
Yeeeeeah!! Finally! Go Cavs 
Computered Out.. Getting Ready To Crash , Then Up Early To Do Some Internet Marketing Again! Beats The Assembly  Be Good U Twitter Junkies
2/2 Lord bless her and Keep Her.....Please Lord Keep Her!!!  Far Far Far away from me!!!16 hours until the funeral!  Seeking My Peace! 
@Jimmyfallon EVERYONE should lounge by the pool with a 6-pack of Bud Light &amp; a Subway sandwich! Preferably The CLUB!  SCarolina in da houz
@shelleyharlandx Darling Orbicore shared &quot;The Way We Turned Out&quot; w/ me - so beautiful a song Shelley! Adding it to my Harland collection! 
@Patrick_Is @RRS The #Roots - #YoGabbaGabba Style. My 2 yr old @mayumigirl is a fan  http://tinyurl.com/deevj7
The mono has me in the Twilight Zone. I've been awakened 2 nights in a row to Whitney Houston's &quot;How Will I Know&quot;. Very strange 
Its the weekend Yay... looking forward 2 the Bulls Game as well as spending time with Family and my Husband. Finally got us bulls Jerseys 
Night. I'm going to bed pretty late because I'm waking up in about 5 hours. I'll put the Question Of The Day and Did You Know later today 
New Twitter friends!!! Today is the last day to enter my Giveaway at 3 Boys and a Dog blog! Go enter now!  http://short.to/au6c
Saw an advanced screening of, The Proposal! So good!!! 
It's My Birthday WOOHOO Three more years and I can Join the old fart Club 
FACT! I got Blink 182 tickets in the PIT for the reunion show wit Fall Out Boy, All-American Rejects &amp; Asher Roth. I am triple eXcited! 
@BeckyBuckwild :Why Yuh Even Gettinq Mad? Fuck These Biddys Tryna Get In Tha WAY U no WATS qud. 
It's Friday!!!! I Cross my Fingers for Ashleys Soundcheck!  You are the Best!!!
@robgokeemusic Hey Rob.. Today May 29th is My Birthday too 
I am so fucking tired. Thank FSM I don't have work tomorrow. Headache FTL. Going to straighten my hair tomorrowwwwww. 
Either It's Wayy Too Late In The Niqht For Me Or I Just Cant SPELL ! 
@ddlovato Yes Please. Im So Excited (: This Albums Goiing ToO Be The Best Ever.      Arghhh 
Snow Patrol was great yesterday..  Loved them... The support act was weird xD Didn't like them!
@Isil_Loves_Mcr The one vote every 20 mins is annoying, but I've been voting all day. 
They just played Self Against City on MTV!!!!! OMG!!!! That's awesome!!!! 
@fjkinnit It was a survival match. Intense. Gotta give it to Boca.. As long as you know who didn't get it 
Saw a Night At The Museum II with Theo. He bought me the Buffy &quot;Once More With Feeling&quot; soundtrack!  AWESOME! &lt;3
Getting ready for school - second maths test today  also its my last day of 3rd year!! Next week i will officially be in 4th year 
@vk2422 Thanks for the computer help!  Next time you guys need to come over earlier. Drive safe!
Spymaster opens up it's beta tomorrow? Not sure I will sign up could be addicting. Prefer bejewled. Or will I?  #spymaster
@kissmegoddess So true Kiss... But I did get good vids... And well its fun to twitter!  And I did look... Especially at the tigers.  
@deb_beaulieu Sorry you won't be joining us...since you'll be going all hard core on the Grouse Grind!!  Next time then 
@Austin_Butler Fill Me Innnn ;) Or just come to Sydney to un-bore meeee. just finished my exams, give me a reason to smile  xx
@MicHELLeYEAH Yeah that's true, and we def don't want that. Her character has gotten better. Bring on Dollhouse Season 2 
Going To Transfer As Soon As A Position Opens On Nine Mile  I Love My Husband!
Who looks after your business calls? - Let Office Helper help, with our unique Call Handling Packages 
Leave Out All The Rest - Linkin Park. Twilight credits. Utterly ridiculous movie...But I still love it. 
Last one for the night LADIES http://bit.ly/CJaxu  The Delfonics - La La Means I Love You .. Music from Michael 
@DTM880 When is the next BBQ, D? Want us to be on the receiving end of your Thermapen try-out?  @wuwujohn I love Hulu desktop too!!! 
@Fleet_Risk What exactly is a fleet anyway? // I thought it was something to do with the navy 
Cleared my uni exams!! Like, Finally! Coming back soon!  Praise God!!!! - http://tweet.sg
Hey Extremely Cool, Interesting, Amazing, Extreme &amp; Not Extreme People! Welcome 2 new tweets who found me~Extremely Cool! How Are You?!x 
Get it down to Florida, Complete my order @iamdiddy Memphis Bleek-Is That Your Chick~The Lost Verses~The Understanding 
@TerrenceJ106 Its Not So Much A Good Thing, Lol, But Woman Lie Better. 
Cant wait 4 the wknd 2 begin... Staff Party, The Coronas, Air Show, 5-a-Sides, Marians 21st &amp; Jon Carter! Bring it on!!! 
@hudgensness Heyy Nessa, Youu &amp; Zac Are So Cute!!   Hope You Last! x I Like Love Youu And Zac Heehee  x Write Back Charlotte From London
@julie_posetti is that like the movie &quot;Sack Lunch'' from Seinfeld. The one Elaine wants to see instead of The English Patient?!?! 
Going On The London Eye Today  Wooooo Going To Take Lots Of Pictures So Add Me On Facebook To See Them When I Tweet That I'm Back Okay. 
@noahbeaar Hi Noah! Omgsh I Think Your So Cute, You Look Like Miley  Awwww! How Are Youu? Im 14 &amp; From London...Names Charlotte Hay! x
Crispy Gamer - Feature: The 10 Most Memorable E3 Press Conference Moments: http://is.gd/IQDE Something to build the hype for E3 this year 
@redbossfan Till my boyfriend gets back.  Ignore my whining in the meantime. 
I (L) PARIS  City Of Looove !   ICONERS DO IT BETTER YALL !!!! Am Finally Wearing the Red String.. And Damn Proud Of It  Yiiikes _ Love/
Hum Heat Stroke Has Basically Gone Now 
@lov3bug_bunny Next time put @jaq_james &amp; @jonathanjames_ so that it comes as a reply from you personally &amp; not an update on your status 
@zhuliker I know. Yesterday we saw Rush Hour 3... 
Work til 10. Home to nap. Watching The Big Bang Theory all night. 
Mnemonic for types of competition: Cranky People Often Can't Tolerate Each (other). I'll go with the grammar goof and just remember. 
Sun is Shining, Weather is sweet....Thank God I'm Up....Catch me If u can 
Reminder: Watch Older Low Quality Youtube Videos in HQ ! How?... Just simply add &quot;&amp;fmt=18&quot; to the end of the video's URL 
watchin Espn's First Take! my favorite mornin show! lol Skip is great tv! fyi Im a Witness! 
