Most common words for this cluster:
[('ice', 910), ('cream', 805), ('amp', 34), ('lol', 33), ('chocolate', 28), ('today', 26), ('day', 23), ('tea', 18), ('time', 17), ('man', 17), ('im', 16), ('cone', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'ice', 0.7670479416847229), (u'cream', 0.7052103281021118), (u'Fill_cocktail_shaker', 0.6698979735374451), (u'Stir_gently', 0.6421939730644226), (u'Toss_gently', 0.6357889771461487), (u'cocktail_shaker_filled', 0.6336532831192017), (u'Beat_egg_yolks', 0.6230409145355225), (u'Fold_whipped_cream', 0.6230185627937317), (u'lightly_greased_cookie', 0.6179317235946655), (u'Rinse_thoroughly', 0.6171420216560364)]





@paulieseow hahahahahah i can easily make ice milo but its just not the same 
My whip cream is melting 
it's so hot outside. Ice cream time! What's the catch? the bees are annoying 
misses having a roommate that would go get ice cream or go to the store in the middle of the night. kuhn, that means you. 
@chiliad no ice cream here 
Why is my ice-T not cold 
The slush is still coming down... I am not looking forward to shoveling it.  
the ice cream is over 
and can,t have the ice cream or the apple pie  been doing so good at the gym 
I just saw an ice cream truck... But I had no cash. 
is lonely and eating cookie dough ice cream 
cant taste her ice cream due to stuffy nose  worst thing ever.
about to leave the park going for fast food i wish we were going to ice cream w/ cc &amp; denis instead tho ugh summer or fall till i see him 
i just choked on water and spat it out all over the sink. it hurt. no ice 
The weather makes things so unbearable. I need to be out with an ice-cream instead. 
@dj2degrees  ice it!
There's still a little sour cream in the cracks 
Ice baths hurt. 
@Anthello I had ice cream for breakfast last sunday.  It's not as good of an idea as it sounds  
Ice cream and soup please ... Not feeling well 
i need more ice but it's all run out 
I hope, wherever you are, you are either eating ice cream or wearing flip flops. The sunshine is lush, and I'm stuck inside. 
Doing nothing. We ran out of ice cream... 
Getting some more ice cream and then going to lay down and watch a movie. The heat totally got to me today. I want to sleep already 
is craving for ice cream... 
@sprilite but it hits me at 2 tender spots! ice cream n free!!!!  n i managed to get it for e past 2 yrs. sigh....
@Flipsi oh that's sad  but we are going to have some ice cream soon
I want more ice cream but the box is empty  #moosetracks
totally craving for ice cream at 2 am 
wasn't able to eat ice cream............. 
just finished eating chocolate ice cream :| its really good  the only good thing i've done so far im too lazy to study for my socio test 
@mzmraz i think i want dave matthews band magic brownies... but am actually feeling asthmatic so still no ice cream today. 
My mum used 2 tell me that when the ice cream van played the tune it ment there was no ice cream left 
wants mango ice cream but doesnt get it because its cold 
i've been put on ice 
I hear the ice cream man but I dont see him 
i have a caramel chocolate chip ice cream. msn doesnt work at my grandmas house.  dumb lol.
I want some coffee or either ice cream, but I already used up all my calories for the day   Diets fucking suck! Instead I had egg whites
lameeeeeeeeeeee. bored as.. i want cold rock ice cream 
I could so do with some chocolate right now. or cookies &amp; cream ice cream. But alas I have none in the house or the money to buy any. 
Getting ice cream. Not feeling well 
I dont think i can eat ice cream like i used to 
why did i again forget to bring ice cream home with me?   ice cream, what's NOT for dinner
Biggest ice cream craving ever. I wish i lived in the dorms  chocolate soft serve...
@reallyradhalie @reallyradhalie fol  ah let's get ice cream
@Tittch So you *like* me but only in a weak way?  But still more than ice cream... or was it less than? LOL
dad stole my ice-cream 
@ice_cream_truck pfft at least you don't have to face what I have to face in ren tomorrow 
has eaten soooo much ice cream &amp; feels well sick now  got to do art all day 
I have all the makings for an awesome ice cream sundae - but no ice cream 
I feel like eating some ice cream, and I don't have any 
eating ice-cream and doing geography project. uchh 
I had a dream I was drinking ice tea in a jersey. I miss the bottle of ice tea at lyn's school. 
yum chocolate ice-cream! ....too bad i dont have any... 
and someone threw away my ice cream 
is waiting for her ice cream and edamame while I sit and think of how sad I will be tomorrow 
And... i'm too lazy to cook. might just eat ice cream from the container. blah! I feel like crap today 
chris wont feed me ice cream 
Out getting ice creamm!!... So tired 
i want pralines &amp; cream ice cream on a waffle cone from haagen daaz 
@LucasS No jam or cream  But they gave us butter.
I want ice cream!!! 
@VincentGeerts @justinnauman sorry guys by the time i got the ice cream to you it would be melted 
is feeling sick today. I'm going to hate oreo ice cream now for my tonsillitis. 
@viaangela yes... with ice cream. lol. gnight! I'm so sorry. suuch a bad day at work. 
i feel like ice-tea. i drank mine all 
No ice cream 
star trek was sold out  so kyle bought me ice cream &amp; we watched eagle eye &amp; took a nap. i was pleased lol
could do with a tub of ice cream right now as well 
@PotFace i start working at an ice cream shop next weekend. 
i have a sore throat  i want ice-cream !
@kettums awe poor girl!!   tell her I'll buy her some delicious ice cream to make up for it.  No grossness!
is craving for ice cream! 
@davidlebovitz just thought of making ice cream and your site's down! 
still living on ice cream, sherbet, applesauce, pudding and jello.  brian left today  still cant talk yet, only wispering.
for lunch i had: 2 ice creams, and for dinner: jelly babys. also appeared on sky sports but lost my favourite bracelet. 
@e_lee2008 I'm frozenn ahh I'm turnin into a ice statuee it was just summa yesterdayy now its winter  http://myloc.me/12Xk
I want ice cream 
Just gettin home &amp; what a surprise brownies but no vanilla ice cream  booooooooooooooo
Just getting home &amp; to what a surprise brownies but no vanilla ice cream  hellllllllllllllllllllllla weak lol
Nakakain na ko ng dinner. Now I want Ice Cream.  http://plurk.com/p/ujp00
longing for some ice cream - unfortunately my throat still hurts 
@beanchef no big cravings yet, more sick with nasty heartburn  So ice cream, milk and tums are my best friends!
Adoring the gorgeous weather, people and ice-cream. Looks like inglorious basterds is sold out 
well, vacation is officially over  i am sitting in a brand spankin new pair of skates fresh out of the molding oven. mushy skate goodness
@afreshmusic oh i want some ice cream 
has a massive headache now for no particular reason.  Hopefully I can ignore it &amp; finish my essay ahead of tonight's ice cream quest!
just ate about a gallon of chocolate ice cream... it's delicious, but... oh well, at least i have swimming 
@nursebettie666 I miss manny and buffy the vampire slayer                   I want ice cream now!
#followfriday @Rickula once drugged an eskimo &amp; shipped him off to the tropics, when the eskimo awoke, he told him the ice had melted 
ice cream men with their trucks n music are a dying art form. 
I want some ice cream 
Oh man, ice cream ughh can you say lactose intolerant 
@dallascancer I miss ice cream  lactose intolerant here...
:: I want some ice cream; just too lazy to walk downstairs and get it  ::.
@yelyahwilliams  I bet they didn't bring you ice cream!
finished a whole box of ice cream 
creeped it up at the ice cream social! good times. lars and the real girl, such a sad movie 
@hojomo im having trouble finding really yummy egg free ice-cream   #favoriteicecream - got any recommendations anyone?
WOW i just drank a drink of water - 12 ice cubes that took ages to melt. i now have brian freeze 
@CBrown7785 I want some ice cream 
@YvonneBeasley sadly, i don't think we'll have a bunch of free ice cream this year 
eating ice cream and then getting ready for graduation. 
i ate too much ice cream and curly fries 
i'm going to pig out on ice cream and potato chips 
@ the office craving ice cream 
i don't even want to go to the store to get ice cream.  i wasted a cute outfit on... sitting on my ass on twitter!!
I think I may have frozen my butter by accident. 
@anothrstupidkid your lucky, you have a bed and ice cream, all i have is a very sore couch and some cardboard 
Now I want ice cream but it's so expensive. 
I am so full. No more food tonight... I don't want no cake and ice cream at this party. 
No free ice cream though 
i do indeed have tonsillitis. the only good thing: ive been advised to eat lots of ice cream. [but no solid foods  &amp; im bed ridden.]
I think I might throw up... I only could eat half of my ice cream cone  http://twitpic.com/67ybk
I want ice cream and cake 
I hear the ice cream man and  my room is still a mess I don't like cleaning I wish there was less! 
Jules has informed me that I left the ice cream on the counter over night.  I really liked that ice cream.
quality time with my planner... craving ice cream still 
yep i've decided that ice skating is NOT fun anymore haha 
@BehzodSirjani Ice cream was on campus, but I couldn't make it. I forgot I was doing consulting at the same time... 
i want ice cream now 
im in serious need of ice cream! 
Packing to go home  I'm also pretty much in love with bubblegum ice cream, but not the colour it turns my tongue.
toooooo muchhhhhh cookie dough ice cream 
Just had two of my wisdom teeth extracted. No solid food for a week  But sashimi won't hurt. And loads and loads of ice cream. Yay! ;)
im getting sleepy and i havent had ice cream yet 
yesterday i burnt my finger with ice cream and it still hurts    &lt;33
Damnit, the weather is shitty. Not really in the mood for ice cream 
What a great week to be on antibiotics, all this sunshine &amp; no ice cold booze allowed d'oh! 
@Exzylen it is all eaten- with oats.... I didn't have any chocolate cake or ice cream 
ogura ice cream sounds very nice,but im full 
could murder an ice cream soda but no ice cream and no cream soda 
The chippy is shut.  I keep spelling shut wrong.  I want some ice cream now, there was an ad on the TV. I had a nice sunny morn though!
10am still no red velvet n ice cream 
@andyclemmensen i &lt;3 you more than ice cream and &lt;3 you more than the word meow. i cant belive they gettaway plan ripped on yu like that 
woke up with even bigger tonsils. cant go to brklyn, cant leave the apt. alternate btween ice cream &amp;honey chamomile tea. suck city 3000 
Just saw a melting ice cream cone on the floor. It looks so sad! 
#myweakness ice cream 
Ice cream bigger than tummy can handle 
I think I'm bad... since 26/05  I taked Ice Cream so much during the night before the show, and I screamed so much, i'll be fine! McFlyer
i have a bad head from the heat  just heard the ice cream man too!! cant be bothered running half way down the road though
peanut butter cup ice cream is not the easiest thing to eat off a cone 
@tanricha  jerk well gma sherry got mint chip ice cream YUmmmmmY!!
@LisetteRosalie awwwww very saddened .. I wanted to surprise you w' cake n ice cream  : tear : well I'm happy u g0t it th0u
wow, i still feel like crap from last night.  whyyyy did i think eating ice cream was ok??!?!?!  
ice creAM MELTED 
just missed the ice cream truck. 
My pink elderflower cordial is a triumph especially I'm vodka &amp; tonic. Silght oversight tho, no ice. 
When did they start putting plastic tops on paper wrapped ice cream treats 
I ate too much ice cream and now I don't feel good 
@stepheneyre You didnt come for Ice cream steeeeve. I texted you and everything. Not lol 
@techcastoni I wish my fridge had a built in ice dispenser 
is craving some ice cream!! 
just finished making an ice cream cake for my hubs bday.  the kids are drooling all over the floor but they can't have until tomorrow 
i wanna eat a ice cream but the is raining 
Missed my Ice Cream run tonight. 
let his ice cream melt 
@sharre i did have ice cream... but it didn't melt into it 
http://twitpic.com/6b5r1 - i dropped my ice cream 
http://twitpic.com/6b5qy - i dropped my ice cream 
No   I think my shirt was larger and thicker and therefore held more water / ice, but thats just my story.
I'm in the mood for a coke float.  Two ingredients... coke and ice cream... I have neither 
My ice tastes weird 
mad cus my babe's Ice cream taste better than mine, so now I want his! 
@awesomeful I haven't had ice cream in like 4 months b/c I'm so poor  #ontd
@TimothyH2O oh cool. how  was ice skating? i cant ice skate  im sad now.
I think I had too much ice cream for dessert. 
@karlaredor  i don't have enough money... a pint of that ice cream is 100+ 
I want an ice cream but there isn't any 
Up was good, too bad we didn't get any ice cream though 
really want to sit in the sun and knit, but got burned shoulder after only 30 mins yesterday and can't find sun cream. 
Just finished eating dinner. Now I want Ice Cream. 
Another sad lonely day  ... oh well, at least I have ice-cream! 
atkins diet is going good haha its day one but still....although I fancy some ben and jerries ice cream but cant 
@Applecored ooh ice cream, a distant memory now I am *sigh* getting fit - must lose this tyre by christmas 
@KtLeydon :O I want ice cream 
also, wish i had peach ice tea but nowhere sells it 
@hoozilla awwww  have cake (or ice cream or both) to make it all better!
Hey Guys and girls just thinking about my figure skating i miss it soo much i just want go to the ice rink 
@twll damn you, I have neither Ice cream nor beach within easy reach 
Making ice cream. 
@dotfortune needs to be nice and let me get ice cream now 
the butterfinger ice cream took control over me!! 
the ice cream freeze is harder than the hoedown showdown, i cantt do it  !
For talking to a customer I missed out on ice cream from @kentrellsays 
a want ice cream 
@DonGQ  my knees r swollen. I got ice on them right now.
I just dipped my hands in ice water...stupid soda 
I just had some green and blacks ice cream.. now I'm pondering what to do. I need an early night though 
ice cream man woke me up 
craving a freaking ice cream 
This crazy guy is stalkin the ice cream man &amp; we couldn't get any ice cream 
aww, what a beezy, my ice cream fell apart on me. 
Pudding just isn't pudding if you don't have whip cream 
@CMalachi I wanted ice cream &amp; didn't have any in the house   lol
i miss the ice cream man 
is craving ice cream 
@biancaduhh i prefer ice cream  i kinda want one but i'm too lazy to leave and katies too busy with her movie to leave with me 
eating my 4th ice cream cone! 
@shhhmickle i want ice cream 
My ice cream...you can have it...do noooooooooooooot want......... 
process paper timee  I want ice cream haha
how do u make ice blended drinks? i fell in love with them again while in asia &amp; now i cant make them  do i need a special kind of syrup?
I want ice cream. 
I just ate my last ice cube 
ice cream is no milk substitute 
back to southampton and im burnt  why didnt i put sun cream on lol
watching linkin park road to revolution concert and eating ice cream (: oh, and it just started raining 
ice cream gone now 
i have just made my clothes dirty by making a mess with my chocolate ice cream 
has managed to resist the siren call of the ice-cream van. Diets are evil 
is suffering from a cold.. my fraand told me to eat Ice cream as it cures cold for him.. I tried the same and now i have a running nose 
Eating strawberry ice - cream...I wish I could turn back time 
I have one of those mad cravings that will only eat away at you until you get what you want, for ice-cream, but there's none in the house 
If tomorrow isn't as hot as today, then what's the point of lemonade and ice cream? 
is sad now his bumchum has left to get cream for his bum where i bummed him sooooo hard 
@nora_AT ice cream 
i don't feel so good... that ice cream was too much! 
@lovingyouiseasy He is eating an ice cream sandwich. And I am yelling. 
i miss Ice 
Graduating in an hour. With an ice cream stain on my gown. 
I guess I'm not going out for ice cream 
ice cream....mmmm...too bad it's not Pandasized 
@kirstiealley love ice cream!!! Not only dentist but gym 
waiting for the whipped cream to thaw, its practically frozen 
@getdirtydianne are you seriously wanting me to come to the mall? i would bring you some ice cream, but i'm already off work. 
Has a headache and wants what @nathanfillion is eating ... I miss ice cream 
@AdorkableGeek I so want soy ice cream... damn!  I will make do with a protein shake.  
i even had ice cream wit chocolate chip in a big waffle cone &amp; it didnt help my poor heart feel better 
So hungry  shouldve ate dinner instead of ice cream..
@mike__miller but then you get minty flavour ice cream, so not entirely useless!!.. except for me because i dont like mint lol 
I broke my tailbone when I was about 12.. and it randomly started hurting yesterday and still is. tylenol and an ice bag isn't helping 
still awake, still sick, and still unable to eat ice cream. 
i cut my knuckles on a bloody ice cream container 
@CyranDorman Ice cream might be an idea actually *runs and checks* We're out 
I have pins and needles  I could really go for those $1 ice creams on orchard rd (:
o e o e o. ice ice ice. ie. brrrrr its cold in here 
I want to buy some ice-lolly moulds to make my own, but where would i get them from now Woollies has closed 
I want an ice lollie 
only 3 days of school left!!!       party in bio with ice cream and tanners brownies!!  MMMMMMM &amp; applebee pond picnic!!  D 
mau ice cream to satisfy my mood swings.  ) http://plurk.com/p/xv9f9
my flaming finger still burns even though I have an ice pack on it 
@davebriggs: Ice creams at local gov camp - ooo sounds lovely! One problem I told out guys though is that we don't have a freezer 
Eating ice cream. Too bad it's not hot outside, so it's no use 
@annabelsavage lucky shit! i want ice cream!!  x
yuck loop the loop, i wanted a choc ice! 
i still want ice-cream. and i'm saying this because i know i'll never get it now. 
Is now feeling sick due to the thorntons ice cream  but it was nice to see @mr_nil who popped into the shop
is drinking really stronge orange squash with ice cubes as the waters been switched off 
@jesssicababesss i knoww i feel ill and our schook dont have ice creamm 
@gfalcone601 i really wanted a ice cream today after school, but i forgot my money, and the whippy ice cream van was just outside! 
I wanted an Ice cream on the way home but the garage across the road has shut 
Note: don't apply foot cream prior to walking on smooth surfaces  (you'll slip)
all i can eat is ice cream and yogurt and drink! im bummed!  
john ate all the cookie dough ice cream 
i feel like a scoop of ice cream that dropped off a sad little kid's cone at an amusement park on hot summer day. i wish i had a pool 
tummy ache   i knew that ice cream was too good to be...well, good.
because everyone is old they're hitting the bar, and I'm in the foodcourt eating ice cream.  lol
i want some mango or vanilla ice cream 
i ate too much ice cream...i feel sick 
I HATE Ice Cream 
@uchiet where are u ice cream? I need ur shoulder. 
needs motivation. . . while I did work out yesterday, I also ate pizza and ice cream last night. 
i want ice cream  there's a whole litre of the really good stuff in the freezer but i can't have any yet...
@CelesteFay oh no  ice ice baby
Numbing the seven gnatbites on my thigh with an ice pack 
was totally looking forward to having a bowl of ice-cream. then realised we had no ice-cream. utterly devo 
@smuttysteff so sad I can't make the ice cream tweetup 
big sale on beyers ice cream @ shoppers 2moro. so someone has to finish off beyers caramilk icecream in freezer. damn! well, if i have to 
The run today didn't release enough endorphins to combat my woes  At least I feel better about the ice-cream bit.
No ice cream van today 
Ice-cream taste testing is not as fun as it sounds 
just got ice cream with @guindo16 and michael vogt. the chickens tried to kill us. no sign of the conjunctivitis cat 
I have bad friends they hid chips inside my ice cream cone when in went to the toilet 
@omerrr I was hoping SubZERO was an ice cream party 
too much ice cream! 
Ice cream made in class was nasty  i hate OJ!
i want to eat some ice cream  but i don't have
@HappyHousewife  we have NOTHING here  can't get free ice cream or free rootbeer floats or free donuts!!!
 finished my ice cream.i forgot it was the last chocolate one.well,you can always eat vanilla or dibs!brain freeze!
Today aida bought us icecream  She treated us bad  She said if you dont strip you wont get a ice cream.. so wthell. We started to strip!
@FreshlySprocket hahah I guess. thanks. I want sum ice cream and pizza 
someone got strawberry in my mint chocolate chip  and you were right scooping this ice cream does suck!
@mymonkeydancer dont! iv got no ice cream.no chocolate.. i need something!!   lol. xx
starving  even though i just had a hot pocket and ice cream sandwich
DJSMOOK made me hungry with his ice cream selections now I have 2 dig around in my freezer 4 an ice pop 
Ice cream and TV, I'm gonna get fat. :/ Haha. I love it though. Last weekend before classes are done! One more week! Then finals 
Not a fan of this bubble tea combi.  I think it is the milk and there was too much ice 
i want ice cream 
just finshed walking. I'm pooped and still craving ice cream 
If I eat nothing but a pint of ice cream a day am I going to lose OR gain weight?  ?
@caylaxnicole i wanted ice cream! 
@RosieGaga im sad because of @mattpro13 hes still not following me, im going to cut all my hair off and eat a bucket of ice cream 
My ice cream is prolly gone frikken melt before we get back to the house 
If I eat nothing but a pint of ice cream a day am I going to lose OR gain weight?  ?
@whipouturnadz i get sad every time i watch it  also, can i have all 200?  i will buy you ice cream and protect you from magic kingdom!
DONE!! With @skipperhart ! She put ice down my one piece! I can feel it melting 
stayed at home for the whooole day. I am craving for ice cream. 
@tamiemaria just staying home, eating ice cream and watching movies  and you sweetheart?
I feel like going for Ice Cream, NOW. 
@ruthliling I know, right! The weekend always whizzes by in such a speedy manner  And it is always time for ice-cream.
I want ice cream too 
My ice cream is frostbitten 
@SylveeJones omg! There's no friendly's in brooklyn. I could really go for some ice cream too 
@EmilyAdelle i'm not allowed to do that because the first ice cream man i had was a molester 
&amp;&amp; it always seems to happen to me...around eating ice cream alone 
@syntaxoflife No strawberry season where I am!!   Too hot to grow anything here. I've a sudden craving for strawberry ice cream tho'! (;
ohhh shit I put my ice cream in the fridge before I passed out last night 
@jerryharrison I wish I was in town so I could have gotten some free ice cream.  
We thought we would be slick by cutting the line and now we don't get free ice cream. 
i got burned by a bag of ice 
@UrbanSocial I ordered that omelette and you failed to remind me  that it was part if the dairy family; 1st ice cream now eggs?? 
@AuntCindysAttic I was all excited until I licked the screen and, instead of tasting ice cream, I tasted dust. So now I'm 
@charlieskies awe, dont turn to alcohol to make you feel better...  ice cream or cupcakes could be a great sustitute. they fix everything.
awww mannnnn...ice cream is gone.  hah
I swear i hear an ice cream truck! but i cant see it! 
We almost went out for ice cream, but my dad's too cheap and didn't want to spend money 
Too much ice cream 
looks like its just me, my ice cream and a couple of movies tonight... how utterly pathetic is that 
wanna share his strawberry ice cream, anybody? 
@lnxcwby I totally hear you bro.... I can't break the ice at all.... once its broken I can talk but until then I'm a loner 
the food network is making me want ice cream so bad  haha
is sitting here eating ice cream wondering where all the time went...work 2mrw 8-3!!! 
my grandpa made me homemade ice cream for my graduation party .. no one saved me any 
so when i said i went to martin's earlier. i initially went for ice cream.. but.. left with none 
@Kebers lol yup its on the-n now.. and im jealous bout the strawberry shortcake ice cream.. i havent had any in forever 
Aww i dont ice cream  boo u suck
My ice cream tastes like freezer burn  makes me sad.
had a hankering for some ice cream, went to the freezer, opened the bucket &amp; there was nothing in it 
@KellyG5  i know  i love ice cream but fro yo is calling my name baby!
@bkGirlFriday I want ice cream... 
 i want some ice cream
@heavenjones how u gone have ice cream without me babe  U know I like that in a certain omg tmi lol
Out of waffle ice cream. 
I want some ice cream 
@cathsoepadhi We have to go out and have some ice cream, or fro-yo's will do... ASAAAAAPPP 
There are way too many chocolate chips in this ice cream. 
snacked on burger rings. ice cream with cream and flake and coffee while playing gta4 and little big planet. spilt coffee all ova kitchen 
@blueberry_cream  I hope your foot feels better soon 
sore throat turns coughing sensation.  i wan to eat ice-cream!!
I want ice cream, but there's no more 
I bought the wrong ice cream... 
ice cream hurts my teeth... 
@FionaKyle snap! but without the ice cream 
I missed the Ice Cream man 
@EmmaATLx I'm bummed. I just got back from the ice cream place. Apparently they stopped carrying maple soft serve 
damn ice cream truck it woke me up from my nap 
Ewwwwwwwwww.....    my cousin's bein mean to me....          imma cry....     she's throwin ice cream?at me...
@AndrewBarber wheres my ice cream? 
its wondering to see how ice cream can change your mood! i feel better now but im still scared to death of loosing him!!! 
too much dairy today, can't have ice cream 
I ate so much Ice Cream, my tummy hurts. 
Wants some ice cream.  I need to cut this shit out...
More often than not, my slushies at sonic are all liquid, no slush. 
I want an Ice pop. 
@thomasfiss thomas...do u not like me anymore? you never tweet me back and u never got me that ice cream!  love ya!
Ice cream cake freezes my teeeeth 
@KStuivenga I fuckin love it but I made a mistake with the ice cream 
why does everything in my life fail? i feel like eating ice cream and crying 
I want ice cream.   
the amount of ice cream i've been eating lately is disgusting 
@alexdechiel I hope it was delicious!!! I &lt;3 ice cream, BUUUUUT it makes my tummy too rumbley 
SHIT, Going to zones tomorrow for high jump.. shitfaceballs  I'm soo not prepared LOL.. currently eating strawberry ice cream @ 9:37 pm !!
@pinksage I do hope that's canine safe ice cream - the real stuff can do bad things to their tummies 
I want ice cream but got coffee instead. 
i dont feel well  but on the bright side i did make a 4 layer cake yesterday with butter cream middle i wounder if it taste nice?
@juliebenz From enjoying an ice cream sandwich to getting stung by a bee, didn't see that one coming. 
I just saw a man walk past the window eating a magnum ice-cream.. Yesterday one caused me to vomit, never again 
Awww shoot. I have to work at 3:30.  in the ice cream shop today................... 
had an unsatisfying green tea ice-cream at shin kushiya. upset. 
want to have ice-cream... 
my throat hurts  give me soup or ice cream
My son stold my ice cream  even tho he had his own! Lol
was slightly dissapointed with the ice cream, not as much topping as last time 
there was no brownie ice cream!!!!!!!!!!!  =(=(=(  oh well...next time...............
ahhh! i hear the ice cream truck outside! 2 bad im broke! 
The chocolate cups I made for ice cream did not come out well.  
@mochaserotic ice cream cures many ills, yes.  But I'm &quot;changing the way I eat' and I've lost about 15lbs.  So no ice cream for me.   sigh
It's hell hearing the ice cream man and knowing you have no money. 
i'm doing what single people do.....about to buy a tub of ice cream, mint chocolate chip will never be the same to me....  
I wish there was ice cream delivery! there is no ice cream man/truck around here 
just put 2 &amp; 2 together &amp; realized that our freezer is too crappy to make ice cream, fancy wedding present mixer attachment be damned.  
i want ice cream now but i dnt think i can eat it today 
Eating ice cream with people...my legs are tired 
@antron5000 LOL we'll try.... I'm not that hungry so I'm only gonna get miso soup &amp; mango ice cream 
Ice cream, ice cream. We all scream for ice cream. Too bad I can't eat it. 
cheesecake? chocomousse? oreocake? chocolate ice cream? I got none of that 
 I can't find pistachio ice cream at my store
eating my favorite ice cream..mint chocolate chip! not ready to go back to work tomorrow 
i want ice cream 
I  hate  ice  cream!  im  so  sick  now 
i love @tonytga for free ice cream, but it was a bad choice for my stomach 
i need ice cream!!!!! right now!!  
 all my friends seem to be with kittens or eating ice cream. this monday is for the birds.
txting ppl and wacthing tv while im eating ice cream like a fat a** jealous bc u dnt have any ice cream 
@dawnoftheprawn holy shit what I want your ice cream truck 
ice cream at 11:30pm was not a good idea .. stomach has total hate 
ugh, ice cream at midnight was delicious but also a mistake. tummy hurts 
I REALLY want ice cream right now. But nowhere is open 
Ugh, the ligaments in my chest/clavicles/shoulders are inflamed again. Ice packs and painkillers, here I come. 
@freshalicious uh, fer sure. I want some double chocolate fudge ice cream 
@ericmrt I would get some now, but we don't have ice cream 
ahhh trying to lose weight sucks. I just want ice cream  man I'm such a fat chick haha
@so_jentastic I wanted some ice cream earlier.  I failed however.
@bangover I had the coalface soap and the enzymion (or somehting) cream, and i broke out like craaaaazy 
I want ice cream 
I need my astral cream  Hahaaa....
had the pleasure of finding a cup full of chocolate-y stuff in it on her desk yesterday, but the skin cream added to the mix ruined it 
is craving seagull ice cream 
no tub of ice cream  did find a chocolate and vanilla ice cream cone though (Y)
would really like a bowl of mint chip ice cream for breakfast.  Of course, we don't have any.  
ugh, this is too much ice cream for me. 
tried to eat ice cream. cried in pain when i took the gauze out 
oh dear...going out for ice cream in a bit. so much for my diet 
I went face first on the ice while ice skating chin is bruised and sore  Didnt do coursewrk last nite had to rush it at school 
I hear the ice cream van but I can't have ice cream because I have no money. 
sitting at home and eating ice-cream. No movie today 
@KarenEJones I think it was! I missed it  I went out to go get ice cream and got back too late. How was it last night?
All this heat is making me eat so much ice cream. I guess all the recent swimming and jogging went down the drain today 
@EternalScribe oh hon  *gets you ice and heating pads*
bout to get sum ice cream and get back in the bed because i dont feel good 
is so upset that she has lemon marrang pie in the house and ice cream but is dieting 
i want ice cream 
an ice cream tub fell on my ankle!! not happy! 
I wish I had ice cream. 
Eating ice cream right out of the tub... 
the water is as cold as ice.. and my back is super hurt !  ibuuuuuuu
I feel like the worst employee ever. We're all out of ice and ppl keep ordering smoothies. Also, I just dropped cheese on the floor. 
wishing i hadn't eat all the ice cream last night 
@lobordelon oh eff I want ice cream too 
still sitting on the porch waiting for the ice cream truck to come along. 
today i made ice cream in chem class and i totally failed  my ice cream tasted nasty
@joemaclover woo-hoo!!!! Any fried ice cream? I haven't gotten a single twit pic you jerks 
I skipped 24 today AND ate ice cream. 
Is wishing I had a way to go get ice cream! 
Just found out: ice cream is not always fun 
airehzoneuh? the ice cream truck just came, cant leave the park 
My parents are ordering Chinese and I'm stuck with ice cream/ensure/applesauce. Ahhh way to teaseee me 
Some days life just plain sucks!  But i got to go for ice cream so i guess it is not all bad!
ice ice ice, ahh foot why must you hurt! 
I wish we had ice cream in the house. 
Aww man, it sounds like everyone has ice cream but me. 
Fiendn for choc,ice cream &amp; peanut butter 
i want a water ice a preztel......we have the preztels but no water ice 
bbs are huuuuurting, and ice cream didn't help at all 
I want some ice cream. but i dont have any which sucks 
@RuthieLarue I want a Mcflurry  you know i love ice cream!!
...I want an ice cream cone... 
@LifesAClimb12 I want ice cream. 
@skanwar Thanks! Now to stop ice cream and sundaes...it's going to be a dry summer lol 
I would kill for some ice cream, a snickers, and some flaming hot funyuns now. 
Snickers has an ice cream bar now?! That's just wrong...and it looks so good lol :p 
@joeymcintyre To be honest, I don't like root beer &amp; I don't like to mix my ice cream with soda, so your simile was a little lost one me. 
http://twitpic.com/7lrvi - oh no! i spilled ice cream everywhere 
currently on ice.    
don't know what to do.  besides dive into a bowl of chocolate ice cream and curl up in bed.? goodnight.
@arevaloa yeah..I like obsessed..it's pretty good..ugh I didn't get ice cream 
@evierobbie Is it real strawberry ice cream, or pink ice cream? I jogged last night and sounded like an obscene phone caller after 4 laps 
Where did the sun go? Ice cream in the park plans are RUINED 
@jstpatrice aww, you reminded me of ice-cream; im craving it now! LOL, but im gna get sickk  so ill fight my temptations :L
working  but soon I will meet a friend for a ice cream :-P
eating a sandwich while watching the new world  P.S I love you    and Ice age XD
ice cream terror, the lamest graffiti ever, has been half painted over 
@KMCdesigns You should live closer - I have bakewell ice cream in the freezer 
all i want to eat is ice cream. is that really bad? but even soup or bread sounds lame. ice cream sounds goood. my throat hurts 
Boring day. I am now watching the history of ice cream. 
I cannot sleep since he left. This royally sucks. Ice creeaaaaam and couches 
i wanna be working out right now but im eating ice cream instead 
I ate an ice cream and now feel sick 
Just found out from my dad I can't go to the dance workshop tomorrow, how sad  I was pretty anxious too, gaahd. I need ice cream, haha.
Ice dream machine broke  What should I eat for lunch instead?!?
I hungryyyy, so hungryyyyyy  ...I dined with an ice cream
have a really bad case of pinkeye. i want to take out said eyeball and soak it in a glass of ice water. doctors appt tomorrow 
I want ice cream but my fatness is telling me to hold off. 
no more coffee ice cream at tully's  #fb
Cooking some dinner, I'm kinda sad it's just for me... Colinn is studying  But yay! I get to grub and then have some skinny cow ice cream!
I want green tea ice cream 
I want ice cream 
@MikeyPod I'm addicted to purely decadent ice cream 
@rachelinnyc nah. ithink there might be lactose free ice cream in our freezer. I'll eat that. 
when the freezer door isn't shut properly, ice cream loses! 
can't stand these ups &amp; downs... I actually cried in my ice cream 
@que_decir *sends you an ice pack?* 
Someone please bring me damn ice cream! I'm dying here  haha
i want some ice cream soooooooooooo bad 
oh i cheated today i had a cup of soda and ice cream im bad 
Currently watching modern marvels: ice cream. I've never wanted ice cream more in my life than right now.  
i wish i had a gallon of ice cream! 
Going to bed with ice on my ankel. It hurts 
No sour cream. 
Why no ice cream? 
omg creamsicle ice cream :O...but I don't even want to eat it...this is sad 
Getting my daddy to make me am ice cream shake cause i dont feel good 
@iamdory I still have my cookie and cream ice cream 
I think I am anemic again! Apparently ice chewing is a sign of anemia, and I've been going through a bag of ice every couple of days! 
@_superboy  Ice cream?  We have bananas and chocolate too. And I promise not to make any dirty comments.
I always get sad when I have my last bite of ice cream 
eating cookies &amp; cream ice cream..... 
@mrconquistador we don't have ice cream either 
@sophaloafed ahaha well like burgers lol, and such, they only had ice cream 
@geraldinepang I love ice cream but ahh i'm gonna resist that temptation now because I've put on weight 
i'd realy like some ice kacang now and, mango 
@frak He took the ice cream, and didn't share 
I want ice cream! 
has ate to much ice-cream today, but its the only thing i can eat 
I hellaa want some greentea ice cream 
@scottsimpson The cake is a lie!... and the ice cream part probably is aswell 
eating my last piece of ice cream cake 
oh to much ice cream 
no ice cream 
Craving ice cream 
-im mad coldstone dnt have the oatmeal ice cream no more  it use to be on hit LOL
Some indian dude ate most of my ice cream sandwich 
I want some ice cream (again because I have really yet to get some) but I am currently car less so I can't go get any. 
had my last rita's tonight...  what am i going to do without my new-found ice cream addiction?
eating some ice-cream while I try to see @peterfacinelli's followers numbre raise...not working sadly 
all i wanna do is eat ice cream but I have none  i especially want an ice cream sundae from dennys... ahhh i must hit the gym..
Last time with nutella and vanilla ice cream. sadface 
i want some ice cream 
i feel like eating ice cream. but i have none 
i ate too much today.  no ice-cream for me. 
@BrokenxSmile it has  I still owe you an ice cream :-P
Just got back from ice cream therapy. No help! 
I want ice cream... and cookies 
ahhh my stomach hurts  too much cookies n cream ice cream &gt;.&lt;
@missholli09 i already had a hot fudge cake and ice cream but i forgot to scream  ha !!
considering hitting the gym right now... ate 2 slices of pizza and a kids size cold stones ice cream for dinner 
I had a pitcher of ice tea spilled on me 
I want some pistachio ice cream;but all those sugary calories will probably kill my diet.... 
@jchavz i want ice cream  haha
not smoking weed is like someone telling you you can't eat ice cream 
@alittletrendy please  brb, crying and eating a gallon of ice cream.
@aaroncorby Ice cream would have been good, I managed to hold off on the pasta til just now. It wasn't very nice 
#inaperfectworld i could have ice-cream anytime &amp; not have to worry about infected throats  oh, and indisposable cash to buy the icecream
@tadericson theresno tar ice cream anymore 
It's so humid...my ice cream melted! 
needs a cup of vanilla ice cream,,  http://plurk.com/p/128dk8
My dad is getting me the dualit mixer  wanted to get it myself at least he can see if glacier blue will match my ice blue kitchenaid!
Why did the ice cubes melt? They were so cute 
i got ice cream on my elbow....i tried to wipe it and got on my shirt...i always get in sticky situations  lol
@ReneeJRoss I wish I had some ice cream this week ... but it's all gone 
again had ice-cream @ night only to get a running nose 
feeling slightly sick- too much ice cream  my own fault really  had a nice day through xx
Really want some ice cream. All I have is an apple and 2 oranges 
Missed the ice cream truck 
I want more cotton candy ice cream. but it'll most likely make me sick. 
yayayay ice cream truck just came by my house! bad decision of choosing the spongebob ice cream though.. not as tasty as it looked 
my ice cream day was ruined 
scooping ice cream kills the wrist. 
I feel bad.......I had half a cup of ice cream and 2 freshly baked chocolate chip cookies 
just ate a huge ice cream!!! it was delicious but now i feel fat! 
@stevej88  so disappointed about the guiness ice cream  
Too much ice cream...not feeling well 
Too much ice cream...not feeling well  #fb
@whysogreen i was going to do a thing with two pucks talking then one disappearing due to you firing him off down the ice but no room 
I want ice cream 
The ice in my glass melted. 
i eat ice cream when i'm sad..... and i'm eatin ice cream right now 
@Asenk @anam_himura @odank @quixotes @yayi_meirizka : Aww, me want to chill out at coffee or ice cream shop with you guys 
ice cream makes everything better ... not this time 
its cold  ice-cream van at the front!  lol
never got any ice cream 
wish i could go ice skating at the ice rink they made in the city... tickets are sold out 
I want ice cream...but don't have any here 
could go for some ice cream too 
No more ice 
I have tummy ache  Turns out instant coffee, ice cream and marmite on toast doesn't make the best breakfast! Who knew?!
my stomach is full of yakiniku &amp; chocolate ice cream!! i'm not feeling well  that's what I get if I ate too much ;p
too much ice cream   i feel so sick
no more ice cream before bed...ice cream hangover 
its been a few hrs and we got the power back and all the ice cream melted already... god speed  lol
smashed my finger in the ice cooler 
Craving for ice creaaaam 
thinks it's dangerous to have lots of Ice Cream in the freezer. I can't stop eating them! 
I ate half the tub of ice-cream! I would've finished it off if it wasn't for my parents 
need ice-cream, too 
@kkryski but I love soft serve ice cream 
Needs orange juice &amp; ice cubes  someone please deliver
dreamt that i was at school and lost my ice cream  haha
@flossiepots I just hadded strawberries and ice cream and I've been horribly shakey all day and I just don't know 
@LauraMac09 It tastes good, but I am not crazy about the texture.  It's not creamy.  Actually it has some itty bitty ice crystals 
up &amp; angry. my mom went to wal-mart before i woke up and didnt get me any ice cream  she claims its linked to e coli. and its not. raw ...
tooTOO__much vanilla ice+cream lol 
i feel a bit ill  too much ice cream and dancing i think
Ice cream cone and photoshop are mutually exclusive. 
Freaken waiting forever for my ice tea!  At six flags 
I am so craving ice cream right now 
aw crap - no ice  
Ice cream run fail 
very sad that my ice cream has disappeared from the freezer...and i was looking forward to eating it too.... booo 
We it's so hott. And no one will buy me ice cream.  I'm gonna put the fan on and read or something!
ice cream and deadliest catch....almost makes up for the grand in camera equip I had stolen 
I want some ice cream but I'm too lazy to go to the store. 
I want some ice cream!!!  I'm flexin on my ex if u know what I mean!!!
I wanna make an iced coffee.. But there's no ice cream 
I didn't buy my ice cream with the super cahntilli 
Eating a pint of ice cream and thinking why soooo much rain.  
@prettyyinpink my rink  i dont know how im going to afford ice time now the prices are insane
eating an ice cream brownie sundae,  i feel sickkkk fml to the maxx, my body will not be thanking the gym next time i work outttt!
that tripple chocolate ice cream was too muchh!!! YUCKYYY 
iscream for ice cream. :] back home...  here.
@lucymariec i'm so bummed! i cracked my last egg for the cookies and the white was like ice/slush. totally creepy and a baking mood kill. 
sonic's ice cream machine was broken  fuck sonic.
all i wanted was some pizza and ice cream... 
bored! i so wish i went to the ice skating rink  i miss mi frenndz :'(
no homemade ice cream and blowing my money at the casino...I'm sad 
no homemade ice cream and no blowing my money at the casino...I'm sad 
mmmmmmm, mint moose tracks ice cream @GVandz sorry no salsa  haha
omg ,my ice-cream is melting and finishing!! 
still wants chronic ice...but settled for arizona green tea 
@matt_is yeah but ice cream makes me fat 
Has to go back to bed and drown myself in ice. Feveeeeer, I hate youuuu. 
my ice cream is melting faster than i can eat it 
@stevenlostalone oh have one for me...I'm not supposed to eat ice cream 
3 glasses of chilled juice in 30 mins.. stil HOT.. someone get me some Ice-Cream yaar.. 
@nickywilmshurst I like that, Its a cheaper alternative to ice cream, which I can't afford 
@scottydavis1 - they are lovely however I'm out of butter so can't do any icing 
ice cream ;) but i`ll pay for it... my belly and milk is not a good mix 
craving tropical chewits. or the ice cream ones. do they even make them anymore? 
There's problem with the ice cream cone move  No worry, if you visited today, it will be there &amp; so will the sno cone move. Confuseled?!?
i tried to bribe my sister for her ice cream in the fridge but she didnt take it, mean girl 
ice cream stig revealed and i missed it!   long wait till friday!
Is pouting cuse i burnt my finger on the stupid oven cook thing. Now ive got it stuck in ice cold water. 
@MrsCole The ice cream in the place was all melted 
Going through a serious case of the girl's blues- I would bring on the ice cream but I need to get in shape  pooey.
@alphabethsoup  Maybe you should put some ice on it tonight?
I want ice-cream! But there's no ice-cream in my house 
ice pack to the faceeeee 
Just ran a mile. Now I want some ice cream. Unfortunately, this heathl shit won't allow it 
Really could eat some ice cream to drown my sorrows about now 
@BUGZY9 hahaha your an idiot! i dont want a pirate!  i want ... ahhhh fuck it i want a big ice cream cone! haha cookies n cream!
is having a tummy ache from my ice cream 
There honeydew slush has more of a slurpee consistency. Not to great... 
I put the wrong number into the vending machine  got gatorade instead of ice tea..
I think I gotta ice the shins. 
I dropped ice cream on my favorite shirt. 
no ice cream  
Getting a filling at the dentist.  But then ice cream and beach. It finally feels like summer!
Not ice cream and liquor dranks though. 
WTF?!?!?  CookOut changed their ice. 
it was hotter then the 4th circle of hell in the gym today     ...ohhhhhh ice cream
I ate so much ice cream!!!. 
has had a little accident and may have broken her nose, add that to my totally rubbish day   Wheres the chocolate ice cream?
i want ice cream  x
After eating well for 3 weeks, I had some ice cream to celebrate a coworker's bday. I feel like I'm gonna throw up 
I was scooping some ice cream and licked the spoon and my tongue got stuck. Now it hurts. 
Outside is great... Ice cream why you didn't come down my block 
*and then he holds up his super drippy ice cream cone that @roxieravenclaw gave him and goes  because its melted because its hot outside*
@survivorqueen *tigger nodnodnodnodnodnods but goes  because his ice creams melted and he didnt even get to eat it* 
maltesers chocolate. smarties. jolly ranchers. chocolate truffle ice cream. sour patch. gummy worms. gummy bears.  i am so craving! 
im craving cotton candy riats water ice... but they were out 
Being tortured with the cream of ice 
@LeekDaGod lol there's no more ice cream  I'm about to go buy more
Would give my right arm for some cookies and cream ice cream or a piece of cheesecake, both of which I can't have on my diet 
@iamdory  ang its time for grapes and ice cream lmao
@WaffleSlayer That would be very nice of you but ice cream doesn't agree with my tummy. 
I want mango ice candy. But it's hiding from me in the freezer  Yes, I'm posting this because I want the whole world to know, apparently.
 My mom has only been back a night, and she has already driven me crazy.   She fucking spilled choc ice cream all over my car
why do i crave fatty foods every night!?  i NEED ice cream people.  
soooo, sitting in the dark and eating a fudge ice cream bucket?? yupppp 
I love you doc! Ice cream before bed &amp; 2 double cheeseburgers for lunch, best medicine ever  heading to duty  blah...
all out of ice cream 
Ice cream is all I can tolerate. 
don't know what to do nih -____- soooooo bored, ice creaaaaam! pengen 
The fat kid in me prevailed.  damn ice cream sandwich.
wishing i was at the coast, sitting by the pool relaxing, so sick of cold weather   mmm yummy ice cream [:
i want someone to talk to  in am soo bored, tired and i left my recovery ice cream at home!!!
I want ice cream.. but I'm so cold 
@NathanKoehler Awww...  *hands you ice pack*
really want ice creams and pizzas 
says due to our cravings,@ozygo and i ran 2d ice cream parlor only to catch its closing sign.  went to yingy... http://plurk.com/p/13vqzg
is too hot  needs ice-cream =D
@weefieryredhead i want an ice cream van 
@SalClemente I read an article bout cattle &amp; the milking process,after that I just see disgusting images in my mind,so no ice cream 4 now 
@barbied23 lifeguards, ice cream man, front desk...anyone who wants it!!! lmao...ughhhhh!! but for real this is not funny. 
meeting today with @streetwizemag and @shardemonet .. i want some ice cream 
eating ice-cream with chocolate topping 
eating ice cream to reduce the heat 
really hungry...so i grabbed some ice cream from the freeze. 
eating ice cream 
two big rides planned through national parks over two days ... chuck in some coffee, good company and ice cream and it's like heaven 
feels like eating cookies and cream ice cream on a cold night like tonight 
coke mixed with ice cream and milo. yum 
Hols = J's during the day  Ice Cream again very very nice indeed
On Saturdayss websitee xx  Ice Skatiing later
Heading to the gym- have to work off the ice cream from yesterday. 
@SuperTim just every now and then for me....I'm allergic, actually. But, I do love Italian Ice...that's a yummy cold treat 
shower, then mollies, then movies/tv shows/then ice cream 
Eating ice-cream and making daisy chains 
Ice cold tau huay zui = juz the thing I nd after long day of serving!  And now u noe why I can't call my driving lessons daytona anymore..
In mcdonalds with @bencasablancas having a ice cream 
@timtyrrell soy ice cream tastes bad. They have coconut milk ice cream 
i;m going on a diet as soon as i finish my ice cream. 
i can hear the ice cream truck outside.   
Is now eatin some blueberry pie with ice cream 
Getting ice cream 
an ice cold glass of water sounds good just about now. been working my fluffy panda asscheeks off. and im finished 
@treerad yes the ice cream 
@BookingIt Thanks  But having a hard time justifying all the lovely sugar in said ice cream ;)
ice cream!  with my becca
teehee. first: a bowl of chocolate ice cream. next: hot chocolate. I love my husband. 
ice cream time 
@orangerockstar i want ice cream 
@maudelicious - Now do you ice an injury caused by the ice? Or put like boiling water packs on them? 
ice cream and frisbee in the meadows!  i am so excited, come join if you're up for it 
@hotfudgesundae i just ate the soya ice cream! nice! hehe 
i am very eager to get out in the sun today!!! Going to get an ice cream then pop to the pub 
@MrShaunSheep maybe taking a nap in a nice green meadow would be nice after pizza? Or eating ice cream for dessert? 
ice cream 4 hot day.....So cool 
first ice cream of the year 
sunbathing times and coconut ice-cream! mmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Doing some school stuff..i want to be on a sunny place on earth with some ice cream 
@rosedewitt dirty birds put feathers at my ice cream....laughing and drinking water at thze same time is acch achh!! 
trying to heal the pain by eating ice cream 
ice-cream cone for breakfast  In my book that is a ...... good plan (???)
Craving for some ice cream 
there's grass growing on my table..seriously.i have an ice cream box in which i planted grass. seems cool to me. 
@kaleidoscopeFTW I'm guessing it involves ice. 
I think I'll eat a ice cream 
i loooove ice cream and television. i wanna go to the beach. lets go!!! 
mmm.... ice cream!!! 
i hate it when i have nothing to write! we'll talk about that tomorrow, hopefully, it starts raining gumballs... or ice cream... yum!! 
Enjoying some cookies n' cream ice cream 
Eating chocolate chip mint ice cream, my fave! 
i need...coffee..or ice cream...or both! 
eating vegan cookie dough ice cream 
discovered frozen grapes in the freezer... sweet! I can use them as ice-cube surrogates! 
now eating haagen-dazs coffee ice cream! yummy 
Ice cream is always a win.   
mmm strawberry ice cream. u want? 
is going out in the sun with my bike  Ice cream &lt;3
Just had a shower and now getting ready to go ice skating 
i want ice cream.. it's sso hot in here. 
ohh.it was funnnn i played football and frisbee with my dad and now we are going to buy an ice-cream 
singing to my ice cream...*yesh baby i love you*...and guess wat!it sed it loves me tooooo?&quot; 
Ice skatin off the agenda 4 2day, avin a bbq instead 
just ate green mangoes and chocolate ice cream 
Thanks for the tips for ayr.. just polishing off some ice-creams on the beach 
@Kimmydavies excellent - on an ice cream break at the moment - will forward more details later 
hot amaretto with cream 
you need to cut back on your ice caps intake  @darladenise
@pbxdude hmm any syrup? or ice cream? ice cream tastes good on pancakes lol. yup i can 
@BrianMcnuggets maybe some rapping with vanilla ice? 
@BrianMcnugget maybe some rapping with vanilla ice? 
late nights !  tonight was fun :] man i really liked that cherry ice-cream i had, to bad sal didnt know what it was called :\
@phoneticontrol hope the green tea ice cream was as refreshing as it sounded 
@mikeziemer take our tears put em on ice..cause i swear id burn the city down to show you the light 
Now I will go out and enjoy the warm weather and drink some limonade with ice and maybe eat some ice cream and go jump on trampoline 
ohhhhh i feel like ben and jerrys brownie ice cream i think i mite go to the store and get some so i will be back in a while  xXxox
I think I'm getting Ice-Cream!!!! 
so far a good morning, ice cream social after church, got to talk to some of the church family. i passed on ice cream &amp; drank some coffee 
ewww writing a persuasive essay on huckleberry finn =( and eating ice cream 
Ice cream trucks are love 
i just got an ice cream from the ice cream truck. it's sooo good 
just made apple cinnamon cookies and ate them with ice cream  
ice cream with the girls 
I just made ice cream! 
@snogzilla nothing wrong with loving ice cream.. ice cream is my weakness..  and i've told you before to stay away from woodchucks 
I &lt;3 ice cream 
must have some ice cream before bed and common sense says that giving into temptation also stops temptation.. Next stop, McDonalds.. 
@peewee007 @josephj @Summerbreeze_  im craving deep fried ice cream at the minute... have plans to make tomorrow 
just got back from school - which was boring (sooo much work), and will have an ice-cream  - how  healthly...not!
@livvvvvv oh god it's good. An amazing bread roll &amp; ice cream cake... Now that's the lunch I'm talking about 
eating chocolate chip ice cream  yuuummmm!
but omg mummy bought me ice-cream!  
@machfairy dont be gloomy...go out and get urself ice-cream.or gin,whichever 
Heeey, we won ice hockey....we are winners!! 
eating my tito's home made ice cream  yum!
@Crimsonmuse i just saw this! im freakin' starving right now! i'm thinking peanut butter fudge ice cream...&amp; now steak, of course!  
@stayingyoung I usually do if there is choice, but I am lucky in that most foods I love are generally very healthy (except ice cream!!).  
I just eat a reallyyy good ice cream! 
mint choc ice cream whilst studying.....now thats good 
calling mum too ask if she can by ice-cream 
high &amp; dry goin to have an ice cream now with my best friend. 
i just made the best turtle ice cream pie everrrrr  btw, happy (soon to be) mothers day!
@iheartrendering awww. its cool. i ate too much ice cream 
Having a long island ice tea 
Literally had the worst dinner out ever tonite. So tired of mediocre food in the 'burbs. *sigh* At least we can get good ice cream 
@karenthecrasian @caitlnnnnnnn you can have @thomasfiss ice cream, I'll have @jaykpurdy kiss. 
@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx im in schaumburg rite now ... and u want ice cream lol its type chilly outside lol i got ice cream here 
Just snappy's delivered some tea and ice cream. I love my sister. 
Should be moving in to my apartment but 14 mile bike ride and ice cream instead 
Eating some ice cream cake  its bomb!
Yes... I'll have some ice in ice tea please  LoL
drinking a cup of ice chocolate 
Ah wokking was great. You could eat as much ice cream as you what. I never eat so much ice cream in my life... 
yo yo yo! i like ice cream 
Watching the kids eating an ice cream. 
yummy yummy ice creammm  i hate heels &amp;whoever made this pair.
@roccoman aww you are so helpful  we getting sweepy here, sis says we can have whipped cream before bed , i save u some
@lulaeats how was the ice cream? 
Eating ice cream at swensens 
@eckastatic sure I would like some cream right now 
thinking cookies and cream ice cream couuuuuld go down a treat 
ice cream for breakfast 
:') going to get my ice cream now and watch mcfly documentary 
Eating ice cream with my bAby    -AMBROS!ALYNN!!!
Ehkk im going to go get ice cream 
I want to pour a bowl full of sprinkles on a little cup of ice cream 
Loards ice cream. 
@RossEmm13 I'm ok...ate too much ice cream....YOU should be asleep 
And for those wondering...espresso and heavy whipping cream in the base and irish cream/honey in the bowl 
Eating ice cubes 
loves Anneshia and shaved ice   
had some kfc  now i want ice cream lol
@martineno better ice chunks than a soy-vanilla smoothie! The ice will just melt eventually. 
@TomFelton good luck, hope u feel better soon  ice cream to the ready! x
craving red velvet cake, taro ice cream, pancakes, french toast, chocolate covered strawberries &amp; mochi ice cream.. just to name a few. 
Wants to eat ice cream 
chocolatee ice-cream Roocckss!!! i'm just eating one!! yummyy 
@brittanytastic yeah, I should do that  but I need ice cream right now 
@tommcfly eat ice cream! it's yummy 
i want some ice cream... i like chocolate chip and cookie dough ice cream, its really good in my tummy!  lol whats ur favorite???
@ButtercupD I will. Now I'm hungry for ice cream. 
Ice cream  text meeee :] http://twitpic.com/5c6dn
Eating ice cream!!!  mmmmmmmm......yummy!
eating a root beer float with butter pecan ice cream  best munchies snack
baskin robbins ice cream sweetens my day 
I can make a cotton rabbit and an ice cream. So fun! 
spent day at baby's and just got back from cat's. hella fucking tired, but helloo ice cream 
just had my nails done  they're pink and blue.. isn't that cool?? lol! i ate a ton of ice cream coz it's too hot today.
eating noodlesssss. with ice tea. :p yumm. 
Morning twitterland  I'm ment to be at work soon and ice just woken up, eating coco pops in my pyjamers, fun.
updating multiply account. ice cream, anyone? 
&gt;&gt;currentLy eatiNg ice cream 
i just had ice cream. . .   a cup. . . it's no wonder i'm getting fat
one ice cream a day keeps the doctor away  does not sound logical but would be a better way to stay healthy xD
@ameliabu haha, my bad! I'm still gonna picture you running around the ice rink. 
joined the gym outside downlands. brownies are the best  with chocolate sauce  and vanilla ice cream 
@veggie_chips I was the one with coffee ice cream 
been pheening an ice cream snicker and i hear the ice cream man 
eating Ice 
just back from a long walk with wife and the triplets...gorgeous sun, ice cream and a nap - what could be better? 
Off to church... Then... Some ice cream hahaha 
@BlueInDaUK It's always about apple crumble and ice cream best of both worlds 
I want some fucking ice cream (maple walnut) right now. 
aloe vera, arnica gel, and eye cream applied. gooodnighttt 
@aintbehaven nice!  Ice T would surely think so!  
Just got home from my aunt's party!! hmm.. i'm craving for chocolate ice cream!! yum! 
@untangle LOL hopefully you aren't still regretting it! And the ice-cream sandwiches were delish  heheheh ~mo~
laying in bed.. gaming with channa  .. eating fruit and ice cream!
@kristineclaire i neeed.. bayleaf! you have? i have leek and cream! 
feels like ice cream.. you would have thought my lovely mother would go to cold rock and get me some as she made me get a needle. 
I. Want. Ice-cream! 
I can't wait to eat my ice cream 
@simplyidle There's nothing like eating Bryers ice cream. 
ice cream is nice 
im going to ice some cupcakes 
ice cream on a raindy day 
bumpin: wax tailor chevelle ice cube deftones wu tang xzibit isley brothers raekwon bad religion cali agents black light burns bush  
Watching ice age  baha scrat is the best 
Some lady is eating an ice cream &amp; smoking a cigarette, kinda looks weird... 
#followfriday lovelies - @empireofno @Clydebuilt @drunkgoth @hellcandy @ice_crystal @agent_o @JosephTheGreat @tappmeister @booshtukka 
@nickdawson  @ahrycyk let me step in here.  it is trashers french fries, fisher's popcorn and dumsers ice cream  
strawberry milkshake...mm nice XD lol and then ..some ice cream  XD
I'm going to a apply for a second job for the holidays. The ice cream marble shop in the overgate!  x
@owlcity yummm snickers ice cream bars are so good 
I just made a crepe with ice cream and berries, trent loved it 
@kateweb You're probably right! I'd like a teeny tiny ice cream too. Or a massively huge ice cream for that matter 
bored... waiting for ice cream van to come 
@ash__genius yes i guess you could say our milk candies are like ice cream without the cold 
@llordllama I hate ice breakers, rather just get down to the nitty gritty! But maybe that's just me 
Eating ice creme in the sun 
working where ice cream makes the meal ! 
i love cream! 
had breakfast ice cream sundae this morning w/ @SuzanneWong.  I've been eating so much lately.    and don't feel guilty at all.
@mikasounds Thought your favorite food was that ice cream you showed us in yout videoblog.  
Off tosleep... to dream about ice cream cones  http://bit.ly/174eaQ
watching phineas &amp; ferb!  &amp; totally feel like the ultimate ice cream sundae.
@MAbanto bags of ice are cheap 
whipped cream. 
covered in whip cream residue... great chilis send off 
eating mint choc ice cream while doing my assignment 
has a taste for some yellow pound cake and chocolate chip ice cream....someone wants to buy it for me? lls 
Iiiccee cream 
has a mad sweet tooth. i'm goin for ice cream as soon as joey passes out 
Question: If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet? 
@vzapp get me a 40 pack, sour cream 
ice cream+ chealsea lately = 
@postah @ajragasa girl scout cookies!! The purple box! I had that flavor last year, bomb! &amp; I had Molly moon's today  ice cream Ftw!
eating ice cream omg hella good 
@proudmomx2 good call! I think I would like rootbeer flavored ice cream 
Ice-cream midnight snack  www.modhumanvintage.com
I scream, you scream, we all scream for (banana split and or strawberry cheesecake) ice cream! someone bring me some 
best cure for a cold is ice-cream 
nothing better than drinking ice cold diet pepsi. 
@maoviedo i know whats better. A ice cold glass of diet coke! 
I love ice pops 
sitting outside alexs lesson eating soy chocolate, sun-dried tomatos and drinking Ice tea lemon 
I just had cinnamon ice cream. yummy. 
is gearing up for a night of ice cream and fun! But mostly ice cream.  http://plurk.com/p/wy58u
@maryviolet i think she should of  have you had an icce cream ???
With @hoppipoppi  done 2 hours of revision, ice creams and music hunting in the sun.
