Most common words for this cluster:
[('ill', 210), ('sick', 126), ('sickness', 36), ('flu', 26), ('fever', 16), ('lol', 16), ('haha', 9), ('amp', 7), ('u', 7), ('illness', 6), ('time', 6), ('exams', 5)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'sick', 0.928490400314331), (u'ill', 0.8273707628250122), (u'everything_Akaogi', 0.6974305510520935), (u'seriously_ill', 0.690047562122345), (u'unwell', 0.6854461431503296), (u'sickness', 0.6420790553092957), (u'deathly_sick', 0.6363730430603027), (u'Some_antiflu_drugs', 0.6325795650482178), (u'deathly_ill', 0.606078028678894), (u'Chisolm_obituary', 0.5835538506507874)]





ill so i cant go to the cinema!! 
Is it possible to die from coughing? It SUCKS being ill 
This sickness is making it impossible for me 2 sleep!! That and how hot I am 
what is this?? I feel  hotter.. I'm sicker than ever 
fed up of being ill 
being ill on the sofa feeling very sorry for myself 
Being ill sucks! 
being bored, recovering from being ill 
is not exciting about coming down with the flu...I had just spent three weeks in bed sick...do not want to waste more time sick in bed 
laying in bed, ill, wishing my hot nurse girlfriend would come and make it better 
Sitting on the couch. ill 
@themtyThor1212 7?! Whaat?! I dont think ill be able to make it 
Being ill makes me feel lonely and sad 
So i have tonsillitis and strep throat yay...  stupid mouthwash is numming my mouth i hate being sick 
So now I have a hurt wrist AND I'm wicked sick 
@twistinglemon well....normally i don't get motion sickness but the last few times i have felt ill whilst flying.... 
is feeling ill 
is home from school ... ill                       very'bored'to'be'honest'' :@ someonee signn up for thiis plz !! 
is wishing that ill feel better soon!! (i think im coming down with the flu!!) 
sick and waiting for the drugs to kick in 
@Buchautor  sorry to hear, nothing worse than being ill..I only had the flu 1 time this winter .. luckily
sick!  another kidney infection
sick of caffeine. 
I love being pregnant but why do i always get sickness really bad!!! 
@angel_lisa ill put you on the list. unfortunately you would be number 43,926 
Ugh now im seriously doubting whether ill be 'unbanned' when it says I will  and I was so looking forward to getting back on then...gah!
i feeel awful  i hate being ill 
Feeling loads better. I hate sickness so much  But now, it is currently raining outside which makes me happy.
This is a weird sickness I have. Ahhh 
sick again  and screwed for my midterm
so sick of studying...2 exams left 
@lougonzales  ayt.  miss your company.  ill see you soon
no in two weeks if the meds dont work ill have to do over nite surgery 
is feeling ill 
Feeling ill right now 
Mothers day sick in bed 
the sickness has finally found me!  booo 
ill on tests week 
@Artistjgray sorry, but im going to be there just for the weekend and ill be busy the whole time  ill let you know when i come again
feeling ill =[ my throat is still aching too  going to school..I just want to sleep.
feeling sick from the zoo.. 
So bored in cooking and ill  xxxxxx
sick of blody fire alarms!! 
arghhhh feel so ill.. alcohol is not good when mixed!! 
Seriously hates being sick,  But, my temperature is going down slowly already ;D
Being ill is really getting me down, i can hardly breath 
When i exhale, i can't feel my chest. I knew she'd get sick of me.  i feel like dying.
@zoeatthedisco omh me 2 D: ill be on later i have to go now 
is down with the sickness 
sick! cold! cough! and fever!  just at the mist of the eggjams....
I am so over being ill 
Tired and ill and weighed down by an essay 
the illness is advancing 
is still feeling unwell, though slightly better already..  http://plurk.com/p/ucdrl
I hate being ill 
I want to cry  ill never drink so much again
ill AGAIN 
I keep getting ill and I don't know why 
has a cold....   Why couldn't this sickness have waited until after my assessment??...   
is sick of feeling so ill 
says bein ill with pneumonia really does suck not feeling well AT all..ive got enough medicenes to keep a normal chemist up and running 
I am so effin ill ... I should not have to go to work when I don't even feel human. 
@AlexDScott in bed with the flu  rather depressing day actually hate being ill 
this sickness is getting worse 
Ugh. I'm sicker than before. I can barely talk 
sick with a killer fever and migraine. can't sleep  nyquil can S a D!
off school, ill, toothache! 
sat inside feeling ill  
This headache is seriously going to be the death of me..  I hate being sick!
Is feeling ill or what.  *duh*
sore tummy, and don't enjoy flying when feeling ill   At least it's only a short one
only am hour left i feel real ill 
This week was a hard one for me~sick with the flu &amp; in bed until today~but when I finally feel better~my 2 daughters get sick w/a fever 
ughh i hate being ill 
@FluffyFanoona dont worry! you'll enjoy the partyy! ill be sad without you guys! 
sick with tonsilitis 
and the sickness returns. i wish it would just go away 
is feeling ill, I can barely talk 
I'm always the one that gets striked w/ the sickness last, 
dying i got a bad flu so sick  ugh
suddenly feeling sick all over again  .. more like nausea
suddenly feeling sick all over again  .. more like nausea
ahh I hate being sick  Watching atonement! and sleeping
Is feeling sick, probably a summer flu 
@LULuwanderlust whatever don't make me feel bad!  ill bring you a surprise
is getting sick  could possibly be swine flu lol but i doubt it
I miss him  could really do with a smooch right now.....i hate being ill
Taking care of my ill boyfriend 
@ddlovatofans101 yea well i hope it is really her or ill be completely shattered. 
insomnia go away please. ill give you a dollar 
@wills_ seeing as your next update will be #1,000 ;-) I think u know where I'm coming from! When u wake up ill be starting work 
my puppy's ill 
fed up of being an idiot &amp; fed up of being ill 
Listining to cmt and being sick with a 100 degree fever and mygran 
@azkellie Its cool ... ill just go lay in bed and cry away me tears .......  
is feeling dead ill. after the icky heat at work. 
So much to do, and no energy to do any of it.  I hate being sick! 
is back in the states! But rull sick 
is fucking well bored, and ill 
@K8TGreen ill be praying for you 
8 days on &amp; still no sign of this flu clearing up, sick of feeling ill. 
@ramsin_taffles yeah i guess id rather be cherrified then orangefied - i don't go brown, ill just go back to white 
hates being ill!!!!! 
Being ill sucks 
I hate being sick  and i hate cough medicine.
@beethequeenbee me 2.. supper sick!  i have vicks on my chest and all.. ugh!
Feeling a little sick. Ohhellnoooo.  I hope this is just migraine. :|
fed up being ill now 
Being ill, it's not fun 
feelin so ill right now 
trying to get over this sickness. 
@aeayling   jk ill take any of them!
down and out with a bad illness!! 
ill still be twittering when i dont have my laptop ill just do it from other computers but not as often im affraid 
ughhh I hate being ill when it's beautiful outside! 
i hate being ill 
hayfever suck tooooooo much  sneezaholic today  feeling ill :'(
ill buy it 
Nvm producer is sick  can't record
@ToyaStylez yes mam ill b there early... but I prolly won't stay too long  hit me on the hip - its bout time we hung out!
I hate being ill 
i just came down with the flu last night,i hate being sick 
sick   attempting to do english essay...
feeling ill ill ill.  goodnight.
@Rray88 I think I'm getting sick, and my ovaries hurt. 
hates being ill 
So sick this morning....I hate doctors....but it looks like I've got to go to one 
Coming down with an illness 
is feeling ill  x
is ill, ill, ill, bodys aching i have a fever so bed bound  when ur body needs 2 rest best believe it will show u
poor little boy, sick with a high fever last night.  so pathetic 
Is soooooooooooooooooooo ill it sucks 
Lily is sleeping, taking care of my sick husband, I think he has the flu 
http://twitpic.com/6i37a - last tnl  its so bittersweet. ill really miss it. -nicki
@colleenwild. I think so but she may work.....    ill let you know
Seriously doubting ill be able to book my flights anytime soon  im so disappointed. And @emmaleeks i know you offered but id feel so bad..
so ill today - hayfever remedies aren't working so i look awful 
is down with the sickness  http://plurk.com/p/y3z60
sick kid and sore knee 
my sickness got worse! i feel awful!!! 
i'm going to sleep now, and hopefully i'll stop feeling ill 
is feeling ill 
I haven't had a fever in a long time. I really hate being sick 
Ugh, ill. 
thinks she is getting sick with a sinus infection. 
feeling dizzy all day long..I think I'm getting ill 
so sick with the flu 
Freaking sick. I think I have bronchitis. 
sick with strep throat 
Watching twilight ill in bed 
@MrPaulEvans oh no  ill pray for her babyy
Man, it's boring being sick and laid up in bed for ages  I hate being ill
ill  itchy and nausious :s grrrr
Dying from the flu, sick in bed 
woke up.. feeling ill 
So sick of studying! Wish I had a really good memory. 
@marshmallowlady glad to hear you are on the mend. I hate being sick 
Chimmy is sick  he got pancrearitis &amp; is in the pet hospital 
had a fever last night, and now im sick in bed! 
why is everyone ill?? i'm bored cause they are all in bed, 
is feeling ill! 
@myelectricheart thrifted and ill-fitting 
a plague upon my mother, who did curse me with sickness 
so dizzy and sick of throwing up 
ill-ish 
uggggh, do i have swine flu or what?  i hate being sick in june
wondering if ill ever become an actor 
@JennyyGonzalez  adios moe! Lol ill join. I've been meaning to start running and working out. But I haven't :\
down with the sickness 
sick at six flags  not fun.. its so hot.
@H2OCena i finally got it to download but it says the server is full, ill keep trying. 
i'm feeling ill  i hate hospitals! &amp; im freezing! 
i am so not down with the sickness. 
if my ps3 is stolen. ill just die. 
about to go to sleep took nyquil for my sickness 
is feeling unwell. So is hubby 
feeling feverish... I hate getting sick during the winter 
actually i dont think i have beaten my sickness 
i have a bad feeling: if i continue tweeting like this ill be in the box again soon 
is super sick  and is even having trouble breathing
@gdmpwm1 sorry to hear that ..being ill is never good  i always avoid taking pills unless its really serious
i'm feeling all light headed and ill 
think I'm getting the flu, this is shit, I hate being ill 
my throaatss all ill 
Ahhh, iv ate too much  feeling sick.
@shaunmichaelb wooo hooo. calm down...i am soo sorry  really babe, ill stop 
sad i was soo tired to make it to church, ill go wed to make up for it 
I don't want to go home and know that ill be alone 
#squarespace Getting sick from the heat. 
@RachelMcAdams_ dot drink it! I don't want u to get sick! 
@cpebenito I know!  kk ill hit you
so sick of alcohol 
i hate being ill 
aaaaargh im sick of being ill! 
So ill with hayfever!  i wish i could go home now.
ill talk to you all later  lol much love &lt;3
in ispl, sick , and exams are comeing up 
sick in bed  i cant stop coughing or sneezing
eurgh I hate being ill! 
is really falling sick.  needs fast remedy for flu;
I'm hoping this sickness has not been passed on...ggrrrr 
 this sickness will never end, will it?  http://myloc.me/3Y1K
103 fever sweeeet! I love always being sick 
listen to Tocotronic and lying on the bed. ill 
down with the sickness 
@mochared awww  well u need motivationnn! ill motivate u 
In bed sick have an ear infection 
@Tessalonika haha i dont knowww  but ill go to eua to buy it 
still has a fever.  Doesn't it suck when you spend your days off sick in bed!?
My temp. Is 99.5 degrees! I am still fighting this stupid kidney infection. I am tired of being sick  http://myloc.me/3ZNq
eurgh, off ill 
ill  and listing to radio 1
I hate being sick and still having to take final exams 
sick to my stomach  worse than yesterday :-/
Is stiiilllll ill  BUT
@ewchaisson I'm not sure, LOL!  I didn't draw the photo, so I'm not sure about the *sick?* not-so-smiley-guy... 
I have the stomach flu   I hate being sick!
ill, tired and fed up 
I've got a puppy sick with what is basically dog bronchitis 
@scarboy I only just saw! &amp;lol. ill take that as a compliment then? I can't stop listening to jobros tho, sorry. 
Why is it that the throat is always the first to go when a singer is sick?? 
ill probably never let the kids move out. too quiet and lonely w/o them 
I hate exams and being sick 
I don't think it's allergies anymore, I think I'm getting sick 
ill be disappearing for awhile 
@electropoof yuss  lol well i hope u get better  sickness is the worst! aw also hope he gets better! lol
calling it quits theee fever and coughing areeee getting too meeee  ill see you tommorow goons and coots.
starting to get sick...who gets a cold/conjestion/sore throat in the summer? I thought that was winter sickness 
TTYN BOWHEAD &lt;3 ill be your bff 
@emjonaslover lol seriously. ugh i cant get on my comp ill have to wait till tmw to do the blocking  ill just ignore him 4 now.
@amandaalmondjoy i still dont know if ill be able to come to auburn 
sick with flu and have so much due the next couple of days 
wish my stomach would sort itself, getting really tired of being ill all the time 
sick, stressed, sad... i need a cigarette 
So sad that @ClioBC is sick and unable to ome to the festival.  
Noooooooooooooooooooo im ill  not good at alll x
ill and tired 
i looked very daft and ill 
@cassiyang do you have the soundtrack? i love it! i'm falling ill now cassi 
@beafunky no ramona with bb browser  ill meet her later... :p
still off ill 
Now, would someone like to advise how I stop feeling ill? I've taken drugs and I physically can't sleep any more 
Wish I could shake this sickness from me 
have to go cleann  ill be back l8ter!!!  BYEE
So sick and tired of these clouds. I want sunshine. 
my energy level is real looowww right now..  I'm feeling sick , damn
I am in need of some more nyquil.  #sick #bronchitis
@shorelines   I hope it's just allergies and you're not getting sick.
sick, temperatures and feeling dizzy 
Cure me, cure me, cure me!!!!!  I don't like being sick.
@Wildboutbirds oh no your human sick too? 
Ugh I feel so sick and bleeeh...it's late....I should sleep but ugggh sickness 
@sundayrevival @joaniemaloney gotdommit! guess ill be youtubing it lol. #selffail  lol
My immune system is leading me to believe that I am getting sick once again 
I don't know if I feel sicker or better. 
@beckysteveyyy glad it made you laugh :L not glad that your feeling ill though 
is full of illness 
Tired  and ill,how lovely
so tired and sick of trains, tho getting on another 2mrw 
Proper fed up of being ill 
curling up on the sofa &amp; feeling unwell 
Just woke up, bout to call clay back. I'm so tired &amp; I think I'm getting sick 
@djoneman hey, what u guys do today? I'm fucking ill ill ill so not even sure if ill make it tonight been in hotel room all day 
sick with the flu 
Feeling much better...was hoping it was morning sickness...but I don't think I am preggo. 
@EbonyStarr55 sorry to hear your sickness is slowly leaving you. 
sick in bed with the flu 
Feeling sick  These stupid pills aren't nice 
is home from work sick w/ a fever of 101 
my pup's ill 
iss veryy ill 
i thought it was meant to be morning sickness, not all day sickness 
so ill right now 
ill be over at like 930 or 945  stupid workkk
ill  feeel like shit x
Trying to find the energy to get out of bed. I hate being sick. 
@rossmurderscene -_- not happy ill just have to settle for youtube when I get back 
i hate SO MUCH that i'm getting sick from the heat.  
down and ill 
wow,, I'm suffering from sad sickness 
is feeling ill 
not much, ill 
sick with fever 
Relapsed and sick again! With a 100.6 fever 
So sick of thinking about the past and letting it effect the prsent. Why did that all have to happen? 
sicker than dog  dammn nephew gave me a nasty respiratory infection 
@thekidOJ21 you hate me now. and never call.  I guess when I get out of the shower ill try calling you lol
just played some L4D. couldn't for too long cause it makes me motion sick... 
ill, cold &amp; tired = not good!! 
not feelin the wedding. fucking sick 
eugh... feeling ill 
going to the doctor, i havent been this sick in a while 
My sickness just got worse, now i can hardly breath 
Thiiuu  I think I'm getting ill -.-'
@BRHuney after 2:30... I don't Know if ill make the appointment with u 
Too...many...sweets....feel sick! 
cannot truly explain just how disgusted and ill the mere sight of maggots make her feel. 
@SebStanly You're welcome... I'm just suffering from the same ill right now... 
hate being ill 
doing her personal project and is sick. 
hangover+ morocan food= sick 
sick in bed with flu 
The concert is done! very fun! but i think im sick 
I hate being sick. I feel like i lost 5 pounds of muscle 
being ill sucks 
Trying to be less unwell... 
i am living in the valley of the ill right now 
ill be back in a feww. 
having the sniffles. please don't let this be a cold. i can't afford to fall sick 
Still pretty sure I don't have swine flu, but I don't like being sick 
is sick of this stupid illness  x
sick the fever...hadooooh...!!! *annoyed* 
sick with a cold or flu have a pounding headache about to go take some dayquil so that I can function to run the errands I need to go do 
just feels plain ill :| not good at all 
i hate being sick especially when i sound like a victim of emphysema 
Tired of being sick.....alcohol doesn't help 
I am melting...this heat is sick 
sick  i think it's just 24hr flu though
@EROTICNYMPHO well I dont know about that!!! lol I hope you do too can't have milfy ill  xxx
@Fossii I was defeated by illness 
Ugh. The sickness is upon me! I don't want to get sick!! 
I have swine flu - seriously - sick for 10 days 
@oOoSoChiC I don't get you hype  guess ill have to work on that
So sick of this constant fever and coughing   It would be nice to be able to breathe.
I'm starting to get sick, its too warm for me to get sick. The heat is making this 10 times worse. 
I is surrounded by the flu!!!  Two for two sick at home!!  
just got sick out of nowhere.. heat stroke? 
I think I'm getting sicker. Now sneezing 
@JoJoWright why did you unfollow? ...too bad lol its okey though ill have too think about it.... 
http://twitpic.com/8cxlp - last piece of sponsored gear and a snarl because it will be the last one ill ever get again  and im frustra ...
Whatt to doo? iss off ill  (N)
is feelin reli ill 
i hate being sick. and i'm running out of tissues 
@sugarlandfan34 ok ill will!!!(your lucky i dont have gac 
after sickness back to work 
@CarRental no..ill look it up 
@bar0s hehe will do  I'm sure you'll pick it up though .. I won't be moaning about being ill haha
@eddidit I guess your sickness was being allergic to work 
@MeHeyLa id rather go to the lake ) haha, ill teach u how to swim  i know how to, but im sooooooooo slow!
I never get sick worrying about exams... except for now!! ahhhhhhh 
is home from school ... ill                       very'bored'to'be'honest'' :@ someonee signn up for thiis plz !! 
@kellidickinson haha ill pay it out when i see it 
@pameladetlor sweet! have fun ill wait to see pictures 
@rachaelmariee yay! Haha ill see you there 
@kevin_reiss ill have to look for it on you tube 
@jonathanrknight u better not get sick before the cruise! I'll be pissed!! 
@DontLetGo14 @myucan91 i think mu go na pud ko. ill be back later...  byeeee
@OfficialAshleyG ooo ill fly from australia and meet you there! lol i wish. vegas has always sounded amazing to me! you should go haha 
@sofiefontaine hmm ill have to look into it 
@VolcanoIceLuv3 no!! ill have to think 
finally over my sickness. 
@iseric ill buy you one 
@tonysarti is it in crowntown? i think i may just meet you there? let me get ready and ill let you know 
@staceymeow ...no  kidding, ill still follow u ;)
@safajinje only number four? ill have to try harder 
@itsHoodRich lmao my bad.. ill be there shortly 
@ddlovato if u reply this is gna be SO cool!  ill die young lol
@xDirtyBurdx aww not good, ill have to round up my troops and send them over 
@thetennistimes sure,that will be great..ill send you my bio as well 
@perriross okaii  hold on  ill explain
@Mommykins41 read you were feeling ill? You better now? 
@dansterdavid haha  ill sing it to your dad haha jks
@TerriEddyAlice alright ill sign in soon  haha.
@smileyfacejonez ok ill check it out now!! 
...  sighh feelin ill.. i wana crawl into bed n knokk
@youngtruthisme lol ill be back. when yall learn how to use a damn phone ill be back lmaoooo 
@sarahstyle everyones invited  ill send you the invite
@allstationsdown okay  ill have a listen now
