Most common words for this cluster:
[('im', 1429), ('day', 364), ('night', 186), ('today', 126), ('tomorrow', 117), ('morning', 112), ('lol', 110), ('week', 105), ('days', 104), ('school', 94), ('hours', 83), ('home', 78)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'im', 0.7489460110664368), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.72119140625), (u'omg_i', 0.7190849184989929), (u'haha', 0.7147625088691711), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.7106984257698059), (u'lol', 0.7083386778831482), (u'SheldenWilliams_@', 0.7029093503952026), (u'im_gonna', 0.6932747960090637), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.6783809661865234), (u'sunday', 0.677529513835907)]





@dannyvegasbaby danny im upset that i wasnt here to watch the live chat  i was in a car. for 3 hours on a trip im soooo upset!!
it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night. 
@laurwee_boo im ok I guess had a hard day 
@brainiacmathew i know!  and im on spring break
havent update this in a while bin stuck with my gf during the week. non im bk in class learnin 
@erickaaa im at workkkk  im freezing too i need a mass hug from you! can i call u 2night babe? xxx
I still feel toss, though I was better yesterday but actually realised im not when I woke up at 5am feeling sick 
My rattie is still sick has pneumonia n a tumor  im really run down n depressed n havin a fibro day.
ew snow! but anywho im getting ready to go to co op BUT....no brandon today  he is very sick! so im coming home today D: send some love&lt;3
an hour has now passed n im still on this digital img thing.  all nightaH.
just made an appt. for my lil one today. hes got an ear infection 
@FaeQueen omg thats horrible  I hope the rest of your day gets better I hope the geese is ok
@earthtoryann: lolz ryann. im skipping all day. i wont be in bilology 
drinking pepsi as a substitute for the starbucks i couldn't pick up this morning before work... how wack is that?  im sad.
nobody put me on folollow friday this week.. im tight!  lol
time for bed. im mad thirsty though. boring day ahead of me. no bootz til next sunday. arrrrrrrrr!  whats an explora to do?
@mileycyrus i was reading your book today &amp; i read about vanessa, im really sorry  were doing a fundraiser @ my school for cystic fibrosis
Not going to the baseball game with dakota today  but im watching brandon at 3.
After two weeks holiday, im really not looking forward to going back to work on monday 
shud be sleeping but cant! im guna be so fucked and grumpy for this 6am flight!  but hey... im going on holiday so good times!
Sitting here, pissed off because im working 24 hours on a (pretty) saturday...... damnit 
im at home wishing it was NoT so ugly out today. houston,tx is so over rated with this rain 
last night with the dangerous summer. im sad 
I got a new top and im in love with it! And 9O21O monday, can't wait it's the day i got back to school  Tablecoth lady first thing  &lt;3
im doing 4 weeks worth of homework and going to london till tuesday 
lost ma phone... man this is da worst bday weekend ever...i wish someone can brightin up ma day!!!! 
@velvetella sorry hun ! kids screaming grrrrrr, I would stay up but am feeling poorly  promise i will play another day  xxxxxxxx
im gonna miss trini so much when she leaves for the philippines in the morning 
@mUsIc4eVeR323 hait's better than nothing. im gona feel dumb if i can't find mine by that day 
Stilll lampin tho LoL wit da homies in da east dis my last day of fun  hw 2morrow &amp; school nd work alllll next week 
because im having a miserable lonely night 
@olivenright hi. i miss you. i haven't seen you all weekend  k im going to shleep now.
@imnikkim haha at least ur doing something today im stuck at home 
im sick  its 3am on a saturday night and im doing homework. this sucks
im sad this is the last day  @asot400 !! glad I caught every sec
wispa bars are the sex! I dont have a clue what im going to do today except doing homework ive only just found out i have 
lovely sunny day outside and im nursin a very bad hangova indoors  so worth it tho lolx
im jst playn @ the thing below, since days too cool for me now  i hate wen bestfrends get girlfrends, tht shudnt be allowed
im here until 2pm  lol im already scheduled to do a double shift tonight. oh well.
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/3l9e5 -  we don't have starbucks here! i was there only last year whaen i was in london, and i invited a ...
@WeSupportNelena nm either im just sad spring break is over today  and i need some sleep!
going to play softball yeah but we lost yesterday  so im upset because were in the silver bracket
just back from surrey havent had internet the whole weekend im tired 
ok so its so beautiful outside,and im super bummed because i have to work all day,and enjoy the view of sunny cali from a glass building 
@petewentz piecses...the stupid little fish. im just having a bad month,so you should just make it get better.  it has sucked so bad 
woah! wheres john mayer? great day yesterday. gotta study for 2 mid terms now. ughhh! 
i hate how everyones seeing mcfly like next week, and im not seeing them for 20 dats 
ive been waiting for the morning where i wake up and im not sick... hasnt happened yet 
spring break is officially over  im thinking venice or vegas this weekend...ugh..until then &lt;/3
Going to sleep. school in the morning. grr, im totally not ready for thr up coming months  *~kiZ'n0'L0v3~*
@vanessawhite i love that song!... cnt wait for it 2 be out! it is early.. my first day back to.. skl skl  and im not happy haha x
i need a gym buddy  ive got an extra membership for 10 a month on mon/wed/fri/sun if anyones interested, i havn't been in ages!
@hutchi11 3 weeks on sun &amp; il be joining you at that awful age! go out &amp; drown ur sorrows on fri 
@jonnyisgeek im waiting, I have all ready asked, it wont be removed for a few days due to abuse 
is bk at college after 2 weeks feel dead:| went to see john wasnt in tho :O miss him  missed ma friends so much esh lol
its a pretty day and im listening to modest rat but working 
good morning. first class at 8 :15  im sad.
@cloudo3 im just going to lie in bed all day tommorrow by the looks of things! oh and daylight savings sucks when you have 6pm classes. 
i survived my first day of 10 weeks  im so tired and im sick.fu
the ironi! get sick hours before im suppose 2 go 2 slovenia and the day after im just fine and its off 2 school  haha just shoot me!
@stephie92 whatttttttt........u watch it cos idunoo wen im going to be free    did u go skool 2day
i just saw twitter on the news. so i thought i would update mine. im planning to have a movie night by myself tonight coz im sick 
Another lovely day that im not going to enjoy because im in solitary confinement 
i wanna go to the gym and work out. but its 1am. i should not have changed my membership from 24Hfitness to gold's....    im a night owl
@nikkikikicoco il b fine!! im never ill- wierd!!! But i always get a a coldsore on the day of my hols! haha and   happy days! x
im feeling a little better this morning but still sick  oh well i hope im well enough to go to work if im needed.  ttyl all
all done, off to work now  after that im buying batteries and bandages, nice combo huh? lol have a nice day!
@zackalltimelow happy birthday zack! i have 2 go 2 school 2day  im gonna make you a cake when i get home though. 4 days till the md show!
i wish i was in a park... in london..the sun is shining and im stuck inside 
was watching camo rock with sanzz!!! now she is gone nd im lonley  aww c u tommaro probly be4 8pm!!!! lolzzz
@YOUNGHARLEM99 jus got off....ugh...bout to get a lil tweeted....lol....then off to bed, bac to work in a few hours 
@LaZyLaUrA2 oh coz im going away for the weekend and i wont have any internet.. and i cant go on the internet on my phone 
yay im on my internet was down yesterday  But now im on 
Sleeping at the church...go figure the one night im actually tired im not home in my bed 
Going to bed I wanna stay up for craig ferguson but I gotta work at 8 in the morning. sucky day 
@heidimontag im at work ..  lol  8 day shift ..   what r u doin tonight heidi ???
fighting gives me a headache  bye idk if will be on tomorrow im scared will just fight more :'( http://plurk.com/p/rblxz
@oyinhandmade  im probably not the 1 to tell u this as i haven't blinked in 3 hours but we should probably call it a nite   i
not fun spending ur bday weekend sick in vegas 
And shit, 4 long, tough hours of stage challenge to look 4ward 2, and im just so gosh darn shattered!! 
haha pecker your lucky... im sober as a bird.. lol im still up.  tonight was a boring night!!
decided not to go camping this weekend. cant find anywhere within 3 hours drive that wont be raining on sunday 
 bad night bad times i hate the police and alcohol. and btw katie cw scores are added on they mean very little.
listening to aussie hits at work, talking to james (customer). bored. im working tomorrow morning as well 
Okayy so its a bank holiday weekend nd im stuck it scotland  mehh ahh well back on sunday, off shopping as per usual
blahh its a gorge day.. and im being maadee to stay inside ffs i could be on the way to a piss up by now 
8 weeks till malia! im so scared that i wont be able to afford it  fucking bank of scotland :@
@shaddybabybitch yeh im good. just did 5 hours of work serving NO ONE cause the store was deserted. AND im back at work in the morning 
is home watching melrose place on a saturday night. thank god im sick or this would be sad 
finally going to bed... ughhh im so tired  night twitterland
wowie i havent twittered in day!! im still n corpus christi but i wanna go home i think im as red as i can get... not attractive 
so im working after a very long night of partying  would much rather br curled up in bed but that'll have to wait i guess
@mariaruizx i so should!! haha.i'm sad im not in london next week with you and naomi  i seeee you in august though yayyyy 
@vettuh i knowww, i love london. shame ill be spending alot of my time in norwich  im planning to stay in london for a week or two
@KevinTV -oh im sorry. is this somthing to do w the game? well i didn't watch it, bn in bed sikk--my 3rd day  yeah, poor me! who won?
thinks i better go to bed seeing as its 1:52am sunday morning and im EXTREMELY tired 
my day off, im still working  but hey its all good!!!
@ewausiellofiles we wont find out about chuck for another week or two   http://tr.im/kiwK
good day! i love the rain. but im grounded now  ugh @ ap examsssss
@_amberlovely though im sared this announcment will mean there wont be gigs for a while 
got ma internet bak  but dobbs has apparently signed for swansea  and we got humped so an inbetween day
Wish i was at bamboozle  for the first time im my 13 years of life im not going to bamboozle 
The weather is beautiful wohoo but im babysitting all day today  wanted to go out with my gurls
an amazing night with @luisoda im going to miss him so much when he leaves for cali in 2 weeks 
@jonaslovato gah i know.thats two days in a row 
im fucking sleepy and i gotta go to my second job in da morning 
whats up with the weather? where did the sun go? i forgot what country i was in when i got dressed this morning. im gonna freeze to death 
Marching day of percussion, then jessicas recital...im so tired 
Trying to decide if I'm going to church or just stay in bed all day  http://ff.im/2xMyq
i gotta take a shower before church... bleh im too lazy, i went to bed at 1:00 am last night 
working all day after  stayin up all nightce drivin from cincinnati at 4 am. 
i leave 2day  im going to miss my TBBP fam.
finally home, tired as hell and its raining   im going to sleep all day!
really pretty day and im stuck insde 
Such a beautiful sunday..but im having a bad day 
not many emails today :/ the only interesting ones were from @aeiko_ and the rest selling me viagra  and more... http://ff.im/-2yczA
@the8bitch  i hate that feeling. hey, it's only bank holiday sunday fwd once in a while right!!!
hey guys sorry about last night. im truly truly sorry. i feel bad.  my phone isnt working thats why i havent text you guys back.
im sad tonight... 
ok tweeple im outta here for the night. im taking my lil girl back to her mom tom.  but ill get her again in 2 weeks.
my bf breaks up with me b4 gettin deployed for a month..now he wants me to send him pics and sxtin..  im feeling used! 
i just missed swac for the third week in a roww! im sorry demi  @ddlovato
im upset, i will not see my boyfriend tomorrow for a week. i will miss you babee xoxoxoxoxoxo 
long ass day..no jokez...ugh! my dog had a sezuire(im sure I spelled that wrong but W/e) I gotta take him to the vet in the A.M..  
oh, im just so, so emotionally drained right now. not a good day.  i have a headache, im exhausted, my eyes hurt from crying. but yet  ...
I love my bestie and im so sad she has to leave tomorrow 
im going to bed. The past 5 hours was a total waste of life 
im home. todays school was pointless, but fun! im pretty tired. i shouldve sleep earlier yesterday 
goood morning friends!nothing much to do today my boy is going to pass by at night im going to get a haricut 2moro but already nervous 
i feel like shit so im staying home today 
@Javamomma i know! It was supposed to be a week!!!  im so upset about it!
off to see white lies at the barrowlands tonight, good times! although im not looking forward to walking in the bank holiday rain 
good morning i just woke up im like speeding to school im 46 min late  this looks like a call 4 fml.com
hello! bank holiday monday and im board 
another rainy day in rainy london  in may half term im going liverpool to see my nan and grandad havent seen them in a year
just done my interview yoke! woo! im rdy 4 tues...gna b hard bn bak at skul aftr a week off! 
should be asleep as schools tomorrow but im going to try to ditch it as im not feeling all that great 
I so gotta go to the dentist today, im just alittle worried about that darn NOVICAINE. 
im lonely   watching the beautiful moon....and listening to &quot;the bset day&quot; i cried listening to it im such a dores
im lonely  watching the beautiful moon....and listening to &quot;the best day&quot; i cried listening to it im such a dork!
@WayneDaStar im goin at it. wayne i aint talk to u all day  where u been at where u been at
just got home from working a looooong 11hr shift. . .dang im sore 
im really bored. its only 10 at night though. i wanna go for a jog!!!!! unfortunately i cant 
still up 2. i c u. bout to lay my ahhh on down. its mothers day n my mother's no where to b found &gt;&gt; she's bak at home.. im far away.  luv
I can't cause mum said that if I don't clean my room im in trouble  she's mean. its mothers day and she tinks she is da queen of evrything
looks like im going to be a loaner this morning ... cause noone has txt me back to say they are going 
@iluvjbonly sure!! i will write too...and u have to wait a little...cos im going away for a week  and u must also tell me what we rite abt
lalalalalal in 12 hours the concert will be over  lol,im happy though ;D xox
lazy sunday off..only day i get off a week...pity im bored already 
im very upset that short stack didnt even say happy b.day to me  @andyclemmensen @shaundiviney @bradiewebbstack im going to bed now. x
four days left  im not ready
Just remebered i have a pair of METs tickets for today.....and im not there to use them  thats a waste!
@itsretro soooooooo im goin to miss you a lot next week  just sayin
im super tired at work im considering sleeping on my desk, i slept terrible last night  time for a new bed
@atomicherrybomb im going there this summer and possibly moving in january. i say possibly cuz anything can happen. im 95 % sure though 
dinner @ dai bai dang, then next day air...im dumb ass full. &amp; 2day i was suppd 2 start &quot;doing good&quot;. im like the lil engine that couldnt 
its my 21st bday in 9 days :-O  im getting old  lol
@alioopsy yep, just got home a minute ago..now i have to do hw 
going back to my beloved state of cali this weekend, and im sick as a dog... 
@jaredmfrye im watchin charmed... and did not make it to the studio today 
its too early, and im going to be late for school. oh well. and parents evening tonight &quot;/ 
@vivzy thts the sad part...am in ahd.  no plns of cming der in nxt one month...
@shaundiviney shaun im so devo  had plans to come down on saturday but then my lift bailed and now i have no way of getting there. ily x
good morning everyone... im le tired 
im at work and im sooo bored. just under 8 hours till home time .... arrrrggghhh. 
Its so cold and im all alone tonight 
im sad vic is leaving for texas today cuz ima be alone for 7 days 
what a day.... first i  get a new niece, but now my gma has had a major stroke and im waiting to hear back from my mom for an update 
@jaychannel4 god dont say that ...im 31 in only a few days 
catching some zzzz's. going shopping in the morning with matt, I hate spending money because im sad  lol
@TaraBusch haha yeah, no idea why im still up. i cant sleeep  but better go now, how about i tweet you the weather in the morning? 
what a boring day   everyones busy when im not
soo not into working tomorrow.... 3 more days till im all alone 
... home at 5am from a kick ass night. Hasn't happened in awhile... im fucking tired. 
gud craic last nite but im dying 2day no more fu**ing cider again 
aww im so bored!  really feel like going shopping bt seeing as its 9.00 at night i dnt think thats going to happen! 
1 day till the clock strikes 14, aaaaaah, im not that excited actually 
rainrainrainrainrain....so glad im not going out today, torrential rain in cambridge 
blehhhhhhhhh so much to do today, and im so tired  can't let my friends down though
beautiful, sunny weather, but gotta stay @home and try to recuperate  http://ff.im/2YlJl
omd im soooo tired  , has to wake up early this morning  i might go and revise for the 2 exams i have this week :L
@wabbitz18 nope, its coming out june 2, sorry   15 days awayy
@kerryisonfire im sick of studying coz ive been doing business since wednesday  my exams tomoro |:
last night was pretty bad, im fucked up 
has had a great weekend with my boo!!  im soo sad you have to leave today baby!!!  
@kristinha  im not mean to you... i promise ill post half eaten food soon :'(
im not ready for the weekend to be over 
@ddaly9 yeh was goood =] am ok thanks ursellll =] have fu at paolo tonight  am goin to go on weds a was to ill to go the day :L xxx
im thisclose to whoring myself out on the street for 100 bucks an hour. i'd only have to do it like three times to have enough 
im grounded for 2 weeks 
@therocketemily the last thing i wanted to do was upset you this weekend, so im sorry if i did. 
@ryanlmao sore  i accidently sat on them this morning cuz i normally have one leg up when im on the computer  hru anyway
ugh im so sick  had a headache and sore throat all day........couldnt concentrate in school
oops typo evenfutl day! im going to bed WTF 
@chichiboulie  I had the same problem - daughter still has a bad cold    im a little tired this morning..
im goin skool to tek this 2 hour exam and cumin straight back cus im ill  seeya in 2 hours! lol
ugh im so bored and i havent been alone at night in like months and i realize now being along is very lonely 
oh aye am up at this time to do homework. woke up freaking out that im going to fail college haa 
afta last night i dnt want 2 go in - @ least im on a l8 shift &amp; mum aint goin in - lay in. oh w8 no, lefernan was back 
let the losers worry about losing . im jus in college its boring today  kl
morning all! sammys off the eastleigh in hampshire, im all alone 
@shaundiviney hey radio staion the 101.3 one dnt work for sydney  it just flick 2day fm playing im on a boat
morning everyone....got my first exam 2moz  wow im nervous hehe!
@el_mich one of noah's teacher's is sick. mtg pushed back to next week. called agis. they won't cover the test 
@HelloLizzi awwwwwhhhhh okay i know right?!?!? theres not enough hours to sleep in the day   im going to shoot my internet D:&lt;
Cadburys creme egg twisted??? how many new treats can you discover in one day? shame i cant try it  - http://tr.im/lE6x
WOW havnt tweeted in 2 days really and have so many tweets from the ppl im following i replyed to. now off to sneeze my brains out 
im not even remotely thrilled ab this class i have at 1pm. im startin to question my decision on summer classes  i jus wanna eat cocoa...
one more hour of being 16 yrs old  ur only 16 once.. and that went quick as.
annoyed. begining to think some ppl do specifc shit just to start my day off bad 
Just got up im hella tired went to bed at 4 last night 
wrk done..today's target cmplete...but learnd tht skipping lunch is nt a good thing to do in summer...sooo tired 
lmao im still not tired after being up all night...9am, god I hope the Z's start to roll soon or else I'll be sleeping all day 
im blank! no words of monday wisdom  gotta get this show on the road!
@susieblake2002 i have a cold and am feeling sorry for myself  won't be in tomorrow btw - prob for the best, i'd only complain all day LOL
they wud do cris cos there long haul and im not  one day i will.lol
im sooo tired and i cant sleep cuz my head suddenly decides to hurt..  its almost 3 in the morning! 
its winter im cold   my sailor is away so sleeping alone again tonight.
got our music performance out of the way today, it wasnt as hectic as i though..mainly cos im a bass extraudonaire,hahahah not really but 
cant believe im awake early when josh doesnt have school 2day  xxx
I just had the best time everrrrr at goodbar!!! im so sad the night had to end 
goin to docs as im poorly. lost 2 much weight in 3 days 
@SpringWestEnd One week left and im getting sadder and sadder! I cant believe im only going to be able to see it 3 times 
its four thirtyish and im awake  two in cali. work tonight when i get back.
i didnt sleep well last night  so im pretty tierd right now! hope i get some sleep on the bus ! im hungry too.. but idk what to eat..
god im so bored today  i woke up at 5 with a hangover n watched becker... feels like the day should be over already!
im lonely 2day! i miss ellen!!!! 
omj that must suck to have a cold on your big day! (the graduation) @FrannyM101 im srry.. 
im working on 6 hours of sleep over two days fuck im sleeping hard n long tonight lol ..my feet are hurting 
@tinalam lol im in burrito hole w/asop ykwim?? gona go 2 cooperstown 4 b-fast 2day. they have a waxmuseum but aprntly only basebal stuff 
on my way to school, boo! plus i'm not in a good mood cuz my fishie lewis died this morning. 
not a good day so far... hour late for work and im so tired still.  but we're getting an ac today!
@eugeneadu Aaaw i c u be askin bou me  its a sad day for me today,datz why im bein all quiet  How r u doin love?
first day at the body shop! im nervous. 
workin. its turnin into a nice day and im excited...not sure why tho. cant go anywhere for the weekend 
@egyptianeyeline i am so ready!! so ready!! lol im hoping they have a good heart &amp; let us go early. doubt it, tho!  good morning cousin!
good morning im off 2 skewl c ya'll 8er btw i might not b able 2 #twiparty bcoz of parent/teacher night 
terrible headache  im so tired, i have to study and weather sucks.... this day is going so terribly wrong!
stop asking me to play football! im ill 
im going in about half an hour.. gna miss everyone like craaaaaazy 
it hasnt been a good couple of days in the land of hails  i have been cursed with alot of bad luck im thinking!
omgg..im stilll drunkk and im at work  ahh i hope this day hurrys up!!
@iluvjoelmadden aww im sorry ur havin a bad day  we camp every year with our youth group at church
finally she texted me back!! me and sophie are going to laker game tomorrow! but im broke now! shit cost too much 
im having one of those really difficult days where your mind is a bitch. i miss my ex 
im going to go and take a hot bath for an half and hour to an hour and then to bed...i have school in the morning..didn't get to see adam 
@SunSportsFOXFL u guys disappointed me..i waited 2 hours TO try and get them tix...and i got nothinggggggg cuz i was like 3 secs too late 
good morning all cant believe im up so early bloody noisey men grrrrrrrrr and what a horrible day rin agai in wales today and wind to 
two weeks. it'll be fun but im only going with my mom 
im leaving tomorrow..  SUCKSSS!! guess i gotta change my location..
im havin a crap day! arugin with my ex and then my mum and got caught in the rain got on wrong bus  x
I really need to go to bed cuz ima feel it hard...pause...in the morning. But I can't sleep. 
ugh im bored and im pretty sure I won't BE able to sleep tonight cause the nap I took was a bit too long 
cried last night and has puffy eyes.  but on a side note, im seeing andy during break today which makes everything just splendid!
@chadfu settled yep. im suposed to leave in 1 minute but i may stay for a few more, i mean 9 hours sleep is plenty???..im a tweeting fool 
@aidalusion i think im going to go to sleep now.. (so tired  ) .. but i will talk to you tomorrow  .. and im looking 4ward 2 your songs
@heavyharts that sucks  well state starts tomorrow so im headin 2 bed, nitey nite
It was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!
im gonna die of a heart attack one of these days, if i keep going off to bed this pissed.  GGGGGGG'NITEEEEEEEE
i'm so mad that im going to be missing the maine tomorrow because it takes all effing day to fly to florida 
the @collegedems 2009 convention ( http://tr.im/mLvw ) doesn't look that great this year  - going to vegas then sounds much more fun
@ShelbyRayne no im doing it in the morning, lol. i know i havent slept at all 
beautiful day... and im working  leaving now so i can get some sun though
@TaylaMe3 excuse me ...theres me!!!  jkidding lol...so how long b4 yr fun night out starts lol
so im dogsitting at my friends house and her cleaning lady came this morning. and she told me i looked like i was 18.  man. growing younge
No school, again. This time cuz im sick. 
im grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode 
im well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday :'( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l ;)
@sparklej man i cant go on sunday cause im helping out all day at the piano recital. this sucks 
had a good day but im now skint again 
My last day with my favorite teacher.....im quite sad 
just got home from doing the big shop totally munched out because i was so starving and im at weigh in in the morning oops 
less than 1 month and im done with high school... ohh my!  my friends 
was spose to be going to a party tonight but gues what im sick  grrrrr.
prom tonight.. too bad im not going to be there 
@mileycyrus&quot;i wanna go to prom one day   &quot;i wish U can go with me 2 my prom even though im not a guy.but thatwouldmake1of myFRIENDS happy
so im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame me, hes 4 hours away frm me 
im backkkk!!!!!!!! hungry as hell, havent ate today 
im very tired,bored and sad.what a great evening! 
graduation next sunday.. im going to miss my class 
You can't even gift money away these days.  re: http://ff.im/3lqUx
@looloojoju aww  im ok been stuck on a coach coming back from nans today and its been lovely sunshine too  xx
ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today 
i just realized today was my last day to see my best friend tanner im goin to miss him so much    
im sosososo sad, i should be seeing cory lamb in a few hours  i love that kid.
4 shifts down, 2 to go... then its my birthday!! but, should i be getting excited??? im turning 29 which means im almost 30 
@sam_h786 as ur coming on to here im just off to bed  hows ur day been? x
@architeuth1s oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours 
off for the weekend! yay. i gots work from 8pm-12am though  it sucks cause this is like the last weekend for partying and im gonna be at
this is the worst day ever, i've been told im a chav 
@juicystar007 Pleaseeee im really tired and stuck in waiting room for 2 hours  midnight in england. hw much money do u get a mnth?
iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin 
@iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin 
i got over the crush issue but now tomorrow my friend is going to india for the whole summer  im back to being sad.
@xoshattered_  i missed you. today was the greatest day ever. im burnt and shit lmfao. but it will be a nice tan. 11 rides in 6 hrs!  &lt;3
@clborra2009 im sry sweetie. i hope it gets btr. u sound like u have had a rough day.  i feel 4 u.
@kenycui im the only girl that didnt get a grad dress yet  only 3 more weeks! omg eqao monday im so stressed!
@addriennemcc no  im going to be a sophmore next year.
hi ppl it 2:20 am an im not tired got ful 2 leaters of shanday frind staying over 2 nights wathed two girls one cup almost chucked 
im sick as hell and i had to come to work!   horrible day!
@CjMcFly05 im doing work tonight, im overwhelmed soooo bad  bu till be back int he bay soon soooo....
its friday night and im cleaning my room  i feel like such a looser haha
this week im going on a diet and starting to work out, ive gained too much weight 
just got done catering the soccer banquet, im reeeal tired and baby is sunburnt  im ready for a slow weekend...exhale
Soccer tourni tomorow, this should be fun while im sick 
today was (not) a good day...    but im gon do my best to turn it around starting rt now!!!
i have a feeling this weekend is going to be really boring.. and im pretty sure i can never go to the skatepark again 
@jacquelinesteps ugh tonigh im being a partypooper im staying in  I was just notified today that I work tomorrow !!
Taking my lil bro to the cincinnati art museum tomorrow. Since i'm off for a week 
letting her enjoy the night and be distracted from the reality that im not there with her.. 
my daughter is sick im out for the night bye yall i hope she gets better 
@ wrk on a break since 10 o'clock last night im so so so tired n i jus wanna go home lol 
just got home. im sleepy &amp; i gotta wake up early tomorrow for class 
anberlin was great (: im home now.. i have so much homework this weekend...fuck. 
im not allowed to drink on the steroids and i ate all day  i wish allergic reactions made you skinny and fit looking.
@mperegrym i saw the season finale of reaper last night, finally. you looked great im so glad your back with sam, sorry about your soul. 
going to try and goto bed  doubt im going to get any far.... night..
this english language glossary has taken me all day... and im still not finished  haha how depressing!
ok were fi nally leaving  2 the point were there kicking us out beat night ever
im sooooooooo happy school is out!!! wohoo!!!!! yeah summer!!!!! lol im just a little excited. but i will miss all of my friends. 
im stuck in south texas where its hot sticky never snows the last time it snowed was in 2004 and in another 200 yrs it will snow again!!! 
im moving today! yay. sadly il be closer to my skool 
i can never watch the jonas brothers live chats, here in australia they are at 10 am on fridays and im at school at that time 
just had our 'see ya later'  least hes in london in a few weeks
its weekend and im working 
awful morning! worried about my sister..shes got a bad migraine. no time left for relaxing or something..  but im excited about the party!
seriously what am i gonna do now. in my free time i always read. thats why i finished all 4 books in a week. fuck. i miss bella &amp; edward 
im off to bed. may go for run in the morning, but its friggin cold...no clouds 
mornin all time for work  but at least i get to sit inside today spring wrestling season lol its cool im gonna go and do a workout for mia
So i slept an hour thru my loud ass alarm this morning!  im still shreepy
hahaha wooo employee of the month!  what a wierd night... very funny.. im so so so tired nowww  and more work tonight!
casper might be there too... hehehe just kidding. im supposed to visit there this night before we watch a movie yet it was cancelled 
wow its soooooo warm outside... and im workin in about half an hour... yayyy 
its beach weather and im stuck in an office workin 
Goodmorning yall, i spent 6hrs in the er last/this morning, i still feel really bad and bein @ my sisters house doesnt help at all 
im gonna be up all night working  company from anyone will be gladly accepted
can't wait till summer! but im going to miss all my friends even my boyfriend   but oh well i can tex him lol
my ears are ringing  im so tired but i dont wanna sleep. tonight was fun had a good time 
@KT_93 everything when your not use to it and didnt have to be up til 11. im up during the week by 6:30. 
first day of summer and im sick 
the man i love with all my heart comes on wednesday!! im so excited to see him again. i wish he was staying longer 
@broganss plus i've got a bowls competition tomorrow and i just burn now-a-days. but i dont ike sunbathing tbh  idk why really, just have
25 more days until im 20.     dnw to be old
@kristyycruuu i have no idea!!  im trying to see whats upp with 2night .. what do you have planned?
ok i dunno if its just me but im couting down the hours till summer ahhh france u have 2 wait 
ummm, i guess the ride was long. like 20 hrs or so, didnt keep track. im surprised how empty i feel when i lose contact with my friends 
@r0dZz I cya believe i forgot to call u on ur bday hun  ........... nice to know u had a good day tho...... belated happy birthday hun
im determined to walk my dog today despite the crap weather 2 days in a row 
im really quite sad that im not at state field day  hanging out with 4hers from across the state. 4hers are the most amazing people ever.
im eatin b4 i go 2 wk. kind of sad 2day 
Hey     wus up?  stood in line at the webster goodwill for an hour (ran out of summer jam tix)    stil  trying tho!
@jdc12192  I don't think july 21st will work:/ idk if im even afford going to jersey this summer 
he @markhoppus ive been trying to get irvine septeber tix for 2 hours already and still havent gotten any 
Now wont know til monday about the offer on the house.  but im keepin my fingers crossed!
@jordankroll  darling,  i miss you! nd ive got bad news   it doesnt look lke im goin2 be able to see u this summer...so u can callnow lol
sore shoulder because im really cold  wouldnt mind but its warm today
omg im so sad, my best friend is moving away in 1 week 
@lizzie123x make sure im there. cos i have an exam in the morning so won't get to london as early as everyone else. 
im having a bad hair day.....  
have to go to work,totally not looking forward to it.....it is waaaaaaaay to hot and dont like 7 hour shifts on hot saturdays  like a boss
im going to brave the grocery store..i hate going on the weekend everyone in houston is there but i ran out of my fruit 
im so happy i got to spend the afternoon with my boys.  i hate the weekends, back to work.   ill be at crapper barrel til 1130 
im moving to a dreadful dreadful place monday 
@ShesElectric_ yes 5yrs EACH way! please dont go on a 10year round trip id miss u too much!! and and and ud miss out on london in aug  xxx
im worryin that were never goin to be the same ever since she came u put me thru some pain and i worry that one day ull forget my name 
gah so sickk  sposed to be grounded but went out last night anyway seriously who wakes up at 9:20 on a sunday ? theres sumn wrong wiv me
@edenforshiz im with my frieenndddd! &gt;&lt; you better be online tonight betch. whats the time for you atm? we never talk anymore 
Watching tv being lazyy cause im 30 weeks prego and my tummy is huge and i can feel it in my ankles 
im thinking about my bf who went to arkansas a week early and i didnt get to see him 
nothing in my day im so sad but  im dying now
hi peeps got back at around 3 am last night. im in pain 
im back at the hotel. a beautiful day on a luxurious yacht ALONE depressed me 
im sleepy , =/ .. i guess is cuz i just slept for 4 hours 
haha ill do anything to get out of my assessments, im googling the beachie. im not even 18 for another 5 months 
@LegendXx terrible, is saturday and im home 
im just ranting out my feelings!!!! ill be over it in the morning hopefully...     
im musically fustrated, i worked so hard on this song for hours on end and still not up to my standards of a good song. im takin a break 
@JohnnyDrama28 nothing im just stabbing myself in the heart just not having a good last hour thats all 
saturday night. 1am. not drunk. im getting old 
@acalderwood um no, winterpeg treated me well for 18 years, ps: i'll be in toronto soon, then we'll seriously be 48 hours away 
@herojaejoong oppa, i often have stomacache ~ this afternoon im going tosee the doctor and im scared  i miss you oppa, real !!!
getting ready for bed.. im soooo tired... have been at the bar with my friend christina all night.. ugh i hate cigarette smoke 
hanging out with high school friends like the good old days.. too bad im dd 
@30SECONDSTOMARS woooooh how exiting, cant wait and what about the a summit in new zeland? im from england miss u guys  forget the ozzys!
@ddlovato aww! im so happy cuz you are happy 8D i have to go  goodnight girll!! you are AMAZING! have a nice night! loveya?
im exhausted frm being in the sun all day but i cnt sleep w/out my love @AblazeDArchitek 
im still ill...almost a week hai so sad 
@fartingpen vaneeshed for the weekend farto.. thought id log on from bb.. but that that aint happening   And im low.. not feelign redhawt!
is takin it easy tonight. im broke 
this weekend was soooo wasted!  im going,        x
okay, im gettin' nervous! tomorrow 7am, school time 
#FUQTWITTER because im awake and want to watch lakeview terrace but i keep pausing to check it 
im being depressed cuz i could audition for american idol if i was 8 days older. 
im sleepy and its only 6:12  gosh this day has gone really slow :/
aint nothin' better than an all night jam, hahaha, im such a kid still. someone cheer maddie up 
ok..looks like im not meeting all time low 2morrow :'( missed out on tickets 2 their concert aswell.. ahh 
hottest day of the year and im inside working bah 
@KaylieInglis thank christ im not... 1 day off, and back out for 3 days again 
out of the shower now, and am the coldest im going to be all day  its not fair!
@JackAllTimeLow naww i would keep you company but ya know im not there  i'll see you tomorrow
enjoying every bit of her days in sydney, i love australia!!! haven't seen any roo's yet though 
@tommcfly your sooo lucky..I wanna go and sunbathe on a sunny beach..for just one day lol..im stuck in the rain  xx
@gabe73 oh noo  up with the 5 month old at 6 am on a sunday... BUT later today im going to a concert with some girls, so that's promising
@stus0 yep! 3 more days ughh I'm in soo much pain from one of them 
got home 4 hrs ago. now i have to be ready in a half hour and leave  im so tired!! i cant get out of bed!!
im sitting in the hospital for the next few days 
its like 10 pm and im soo tired. i totally met john farhnam on the weekend.lol and i have to go to school 2moz  goodnight tweeters
just had a webcam chat with dad. everyone's round there and im stuck here in canters revising  IT SUCKS
are waiting for the train to come, Its still more than an hour left  im bored
so i did no homework this weekend, im so fucked  and i have an early tommorow. hello 7:50 class :'(
all fam ave gone to stourport for da day, im lonelyyy 
I just woke up  im soooo annoyed cuz i only slept 9 hours and i need more then that
im tired! i dnt feel like work 2day! 6 days strait for a 17 yr old is long and tough!!! 
its warm outside. im getting made to stay in and revise for this shitty biology tomorrow 
just ran ! food n im tirreddd but i gotta studyyy  say a prayer @mzdaniboo for me at church this morn!
http://twitpic.com/6c0yw - i miss thoses days 
i woke up like 6 times in the middle of the night...this sucks...my mouth still hurts and im still swollen  when will this go away???
i suppose i should start packing at some point... im excited, but i'd rather it was eddie coming HERE for 5 days...  
im tired of this. i need to watch some basketball. can't wait till the finals start next week!  grrr.
@moefreeman im alright, i guess. ily too. ive been sick since wednesday. and i was up forever last night, cause my ear hurt so badly. 
@mykey2027 actually dont go anymore cuz im a little sick today  ill hit u up some time this week when im better
@bheaird how u goin go to atl wen im not there  u suppose to come next week
@am13er So even though I want to go, i dont think I can, I have to conserve the gas I have for the next 2 weeks  i know im lame
@saaaaaarah15 same  im going into school abut 8.30 tuesday so i can revise without internet and tv distractions haha
super bummed im missing the church spring festival. 
im going to the pub!! lol loved the weather 2day well tanin it up haha back 2 work 2moro tho 
i really cant be arsed with this maths exam tomorrow. and im in college all day, im really not impressed 
what a lovely day  had a bbq shame im working tomorrow 
Ugh im in the middle of nowhere! And i still have 2 days of driving 
this sunday is so sssslloooowwwww....gorgeous day and im stuck indoors    excited only 2 more wks..and then the quaint city of providence
having I-pod trubble it wont coppy kepping it real, or burning up.  and im going on a trip in 2 days
i have a temperature  and i feel ill. im so so so so tired  early night methinks
im going off, to do homework  i'll twit you tomorrow xoxo.
@yaseminx3 LOL XD im ok thanks just about to start my homework :\ back to school tomorrow after my week off  why dont you have school? &lt;3
im gutted im in for the night  i want some eye candy!
has a school cricket match tomorrow  http://ff.im/-3rnJb
wow this day is sucking so badly. im prolly not going to see quest AND im prolly not going to take my finals. great right? 
@yaseminx3 im off to bed! up at 6 tomorrow  have a nice day off!  &lt;3
@anaissalazar haha yeah i did but im fresh now lol friday night was crazy i gotta something later 
didn't have a wonderful day today  but im feeling alot better now. relaxing in bed watching 90210. but im very hot. ugh.
as a result of last night...im sick 
hii lunch !im home !it was that cold at the beach but we did horribleee  but it was funnn
im so tired. i want to go. i hate this poopy evening 
spent the whole day @ home....um realized why im never here... 
im laying in bed at 1:59 a.m and i cant sleep so im slightly pissed off! ..man im going to be so tired for school tomorrow 
rey left back to ft.hood for the army  but its good im still all smiles cause he'll be back next weekend
@mondayeyes my texts haven't been working all day im sorry 
cant sleep im so scared of tomorrow 
@renee_66 because he said something about it the other day...im not sure who else is going though. devooo 
ugh hates sunday nights.  gotta sleep in 40 mins and get up at 6:30 am tmorrow. 
as if its june!  and another gorgeous day.  im stuck inside again working. 
..hahaha!!end of vacation!!our start of classes is coming next monday!!..uhhh!!.. 
im terrified about this exam this afternoon....wish i was joking but im not 
@lejjewellery is it your birthday today? :o yeah, im worries now that im going to get a humungasuarus bill through 
@steph_victoria please don't hate me for real... im really sad  ... work offered me tix on the day &amp; i could only take 1 person
@ddlovato where have you gone on vacation. im in the uk its 10.22am and 78f. off to work in an hour 
im going to fucking miss vegas when we leave later today 
im so tired and I got a full day again..... 
im bac for today.... while im in school   but after ward ill b gone 
bout 2 go 2 skool  9 mor days of this shit
@MiiszEyeCandy lol nah ive just been mad busy this whole weekend. ma badd 
@brittnaaykinns  someone is a little grumpy this morning. im just playing around with you. lighten up.
yet another glorious day...except im pretty hungover 
eating a sandwich b4 i hav to go to work. ugh. oh and im so sunburnt from yesterday 
@DaxYorke haha, i will. but i dont know where you live foolio. im not funny! hahaa, i have to work at the cafe tomorow.  come visit me
at school im so bored in class and im tired as well i couldnt sleep last night.... :/ my brother is sick  have graduation rehersal 2dayy..
Its a beautiful day and im inside cleaning 
im sooo bored ... start 5th year on monday 
@emzyjonas i know i hope the plane is found. I have to fly over the atlantic next month and im so scared  xx
@chrissy106 @jolene126  so if its a go... when u wanna start? lol. this week... im only free tonite.  lol.
cant believe that ive only been out of uni for a few days and im already missing it 
im not going to school tomorrow  T-T im sick. 
it just hit me therez only 3 more dayz n am done scl  after 4 year in this scl it was amazin 4 year of ma life the best meet cool ppl
22 more days!! But idk what im doing 
im so sick of this working 7 days a week shit.  i have no life
@happy_pills ok, im not mad at u anymore  what assignment is it? i had a 45% asgmnt due last friday! and im still doing it 
@toastcommunism yeah  i hate rpattz, i just want taylor for two hours. half naked.
had 2 leave da A  but on a good note my sis is graduating frm high school 2day so u kno i gots 2 be there
im watching hollyoaks poor justine and hanna  been a sunny day fnally
cant wait til this week is over cant believe im sitting in on such a good day 
@bella1608 wow really.thats sucky.  When does your summer start?
@DJEQUE well I really hope the weather is in ur favor..it hasn't been good the past 14 days  if ur spinning somewhere I will DEF rideout
didnt go to skool six flag trip was today im noard nd hungry 
1 more day till skewls over, &amp; thursday im watchin my class graduate  .. dang..
why do i have to be sick durin summer !! dats wat skool days are for  lol
just found out that my great aunt died on saturday  im going to miss her a lot
@LorrGoRawr heyy! ya im sick. ive been sick all weekend!  where u in skool 2day?
http://twitpic.com/6ff1j - Who is this kid I just picked up from 2nd grade? Only 8 more days 
soo burnt  junior in 2 days wow im fuckeeedd!
@NileyJirusYT yay!!!!!!!!!! im going to make the best niley video for niley day ever!!! watch my latest niley vid. you havent yet! 
@OMGlikeCASSIE im boredd 2!! aww why cant she??  at least im talking to someone!! this is a boring day lol
@danielsnotcool miss you too man. and dude im sorry about the song, i was camping over the weekend 
thanks to my sister i wont have my guitar classes today ! im so sad 
What a fucking day im so glad to be home 
blown+left over chipotle= probably how im going to get fat this summer 
@bandaidz im good =] jus catching up on all my missed msgs from the weekend : / how you doin? what did i miss this weekend 
ian quit the cab?!?!???!? this is horrible  im so sad now. to make it worse it was a really good day
@orca3174 im so sorry sis...    is it official? you found at today?
im sorry baby  sooooo much homework and 3 finals tomorrow i have to study for. gonna be a laaaaaaaate night
im going home early after skool ends 
@theryrf yah sigh. anw im stressed  final 2 assignments due next week. i have a 2.5k and a 2k word research essay due nxtwk! how're you?!
in a horrible mood  im so tired but i cant sleep!   2 days! wtf!!  i really want to sleep
 school im soo ova it! plus im taking home a baby simulator on tuesday.... next week XD exited! it will be fun :S
its tuesday and im s0o siiik 0f ths week alrdy! plus the winter weatha aint helping much either! 
gonnna go sleep now even though im not done with my powerpoint  hopefully i will be done by tomorrow
skool is tomorrow   im ready but i dont wanta go any more
I havent had the pleasure of over night to monrin pussy either  i feel like im slackin
Didnt buy my ball dress in the weekend  saw so many pretty dresses but why are they so expensive im only gonna be wearing it once!!
just thought i would say goodnight. i didnt get 2 twit much 2day but ill be back! goodnite yal...im stil sick 
im soo sad that my summer's almost over.... 
aww no im so tired! i dont think ill be making it to the movies 2night 
@caitiejayne im still going got til friday 
my ichat has been fucked up for the past few days and its finally working and no one is on.. im bored 
@untrainedninja ahaha next yr i will book her tix once it's out!!!! summer hols are boring when all ur frens are abroad  or working..
im so lost so alone. what ever did i do when i was alseep last night to get this ? 
bored. in isolation  but im on the laptop all day
fuck, just realised im 26 in 21 days. 
@KarinaEHowell hmmm very true...maybe from 12? lunch and beer!! ...shame im stuck working all day    theres always time tomorrow!!
@missfree hey free just wanted to say have a good show this morning... im in germany so i cant listen 
my feet are freezing. this night has gone really quickly  and i didnt even start one assignment. fuck im the biggest procrastinator
@eddieizzard weather in cardiff is gorgeous but am stuck in the office  off to barcelona next week tho  have fun in the sun in london x
@Skarlett_ yeah, no thats pretty awesome, spesh for a tues night, nah im at home editing a shoot i did  i think you win
goin 2 skewl sadly but hey awesome thing is there's no skewl thursday aww man im gunna get 2 skewl late today 
okaaaaay. im sleepy. (:| i haven't eaten dinner yet! 
I slept for 12 hours last night and im still tired      guess thats life in the big city !
dang im hvin the best bad day ever lolzim sooo hungry!!! i want some pancakes  lol
am i da only 1 who saw da forecast 4 isolated thundastorms 2day?! cause im like da only person carrying an umbrella! i feel singled out! 
im  1 day he say i lost the da bess dammm thing i eva had
im with connnnnnor (:  he stayed last night .   but i need to revise for chem 
ahhhh another work day..  but atleast im not tired!
@JLSOfficial im not gona be in london 4 summer time ball  so sorry no the love will still b there i cried when my mum told me  luv u x
@Colettejane me + @DavidACampbell are going swimming tomorrow morning ya? @cbain84 im purple  except my neck... thats white... 
@ev Why am I losing followers but I'm following more ppl? For all I know, this past week I haven't followed anyone! 
@ChristyWho :-/ it dosent look like i have much of a choice. thursday at noon is my fate. im pissed 
im sick n i have to cover ppls shifts this week... yay me 
@princess_aurora i got so sunburnt today, i cant lie down in my bed  im stuck sat up lol xx
im thinking that homework will be the vain of my existence this summer 
ok: confirmed - im sick.  wtf, summer
im not impressed by my picture thats gonna be on the center wall for the next year 
its before midnight and im in bed... 
im sleppy first night of summer sucked 
@marianajw oh i went through that stuff last week &amp; it was so sad  haha i dont want high school to be over. but im already at finals so..
@liareilly ummmm sure. you keep thinking that. im going to bed. gotta drive bootsie again tomorrow 
Watching harpers island ugh im pissed i missed one whole week 
@0herica yup closer, but im still taking summer at smc! and it sucks because the classes filled up fast, thanks to the budget cuts 
i realized why im so lucky with bands...god is trying to make me feel happy before summer so i wont be bummed when i dont meet @greggarbo 
im already dressed but have to go in 10 minutes to school 
@ACardine lol I getwhat u just said all the time.lol.im not lookin tho luv but I am lowkey tired bein a club promoter  lol
im going to sleep now. gotta wake up at 6  good night
 wow im up at 11:30 still taking social studies notes!! 5 hours straight of taking notes!!!! aaahhh!!
god im up far to early for my day of 
day 6  im still sick ugh!
im having a shitty day   ..
im tired  gotta stay up for another hour and 12min to call these damn manufacturers again... 
@iroccwilliams lol it dont work out here!!  only wen it wants to lol we aint ichat in like years!!! geeezz.. lol im havin withdrawals! lol
@TheEdgeNZ boo hoo hoo i bought my ticket to ind out when i got home that im coming back from mooloolaba with the fam bam the day after! 
hey guys!!!! its june 3.. ugh thirteen more days til school..  im so bummed out.. ((
@themaine youre not annoying bb  lol sorry for being so distracted &lt;333 have a good night, too
i sleep i dream of fightin  an i wake up in pain  im worried its been like this for 4 days now 
im so stuffy, sniffness  I hope I can sleep for like 2 hours...sniff
bleh. this 3rd shift schedule is odd.. im going to bed when people wake up  night!
gotting caught up on the hills...now time to get ready for wrk   sho cnt wait for this wrk day to be over....cum on 1115am!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the bot was good last night but the quiz didnt start to 11pm and advertised to start at 9. im too old to be out late 
@annakel im ill  i had hay fever but i got that under control now i have a really bad cough lol but im still going lol got work today =(
I woke up at 5 to take a shower and was doing fine, but now im tired again  no matter what i do in the morning im always tired this early!
i need to revise revise revise, but i got two! new games yesterday  also, my breath smells so bad and im abit hungry.
@syncerepapi im frustrated. lol stupid first of the month bill paying bullshyt! ungh! lol u nvr imed me. 
think im gunna settle down for a lonnnngg afternoon of watching the hills and wishing  i had food in my flat  bad times
@IrishMel21 can you&quot;trust&quot;the hubby to give u a night off? I know thats what I have to do every once in a while...I know its tough though 
is eating capn crunch berries. yumm. my last day in art today! woohoo. im gunna suck at the exam tho 
im over today  sleep time
i feel like throwing up &gt;.&lt; im at school, im getting out at 1, yay. 10 minutes in this class  but an hour tomorrow  yay!
on my way to work...need to get a tan...im looking sooo verry extra liteskin these days 
just finished doin my days grafting at my parents garden  need a soak in the tub, n im definaty going to sleep tonight!!!
i is in socialll SUCKS!!  3 hours in this stinkin classs?/?!  
up but not really..last day of my mini vaca   who am i kidding, im kinda looking foward to working tommorow.
@SummerAlyssa why u upset?? i miss you girl! havent seen u in like 3 days but it feels like forever  ahaha im so weird!
@starlinex  awe im sorry... I hope your day gets better
yo im sleepy i feel like i only slept 4 5mins last night  
lol good call...im goin to sleep im tired and have a huge headache!!  good night kids!!!
@MrSwagg5 lol good but i have bad news....im in like killer pain...i may not make it to nxt wk 
im so sadddddddddddd that i wont be in vegas with @MissValerie209 and @MizzBee34 this weekend. im jealous. take me in spirit. 
@iscreamforlove im having another bad day 
ah! im so tired!  i dont wanna go to sleep! lol kk i think ill go to sleep now nite nite twiples! muah xoxo! talk to you in the morning!
never gonna watch the live chat since i always have to go to school  thats why i want you to make it on weekend @jonasbrothers
Home feet up! Turns out im full of the cold, gutted! I wonder if i go to sleep for an hour wod i b able to go to newcastle!!!! 
that didn't go too well  got to work extra hard now for next week. but its friday so im happy!
@Eburnsprepjerks go have fun this morning ugh im working 
@TrennyMcflyFace yep, im afraid its true and by morning all that'll be left of you is a HUGE chin. we'll all miss you  &lt;/3
- last day at the beach  but im excited to be home tomorrow...except im gonna hate the friggin cold weather &gt;
@Joaozinho1 Lol i didnt go to bed til 730 then got up at 10 and didnt go back to sleep til like 1130 and woke up at 230 im so tired still 
it feels like im having a fever..wekk wekk 
omg. i never posted my video last night. im a bad person 
@raych_mc well, i'm in grantham the other 2 days for the gig soo 
...yeah, im not going to AProm, i'v just got so much homework and have a baby naming to go to in the morning 
@MalalaFelix im sick  i have a party tomorrow now im not sure if im going, im going to stay all the weekend on my house..
going to work..tomorrow is a busy busy day..graduation on sunday, im sad   and i hope some certain people will go..
im gonna be 30 this weekend!!! 
@philwazhere sun was nice at start bu it got 2 hot after a few days nd i cudnt work wit da heat, bu it wil prob rain 4 da rest of sumer 
@howlertwit not too bad, got caught in the rain though  ye im just bout to watch tonight, then terminator
im going to have a boring ass weekend 
im tired, worried and sick of studying. and its my birthday tomorrow 
ima scoot, im rather tired and have to be up early tomara  hope its dandat out! going to the beach and that, yay! night
@alice_hoyle haha i downloaded the twitberry but slowed my phone down.. im going to london tomorrow to see her woo!! app she mimes  x
@mailbox1195 donate money to my pay pal bc I have a huge 500 dollar bill that has to be paid by friday and im not booked until next month 
im toes are cold........i wish it was summer here 
dont know if im liking the rain today!!!   all i want to do is eat eat eat!!! lol
alrrightt, im off to bed! im gonna be still awake for ages though  night night x
@ibenji  My chat tonight babe, is that im not feeling tooo great  You?
what a day!!  im tired....sigh 
@KINGDINGALING_1 That's exactly how I feel! I swear ne day now ima get tha boot n I'm back on tha unemployment 
@JessicaBedford im feeling so sick today but im coming into work just for you, its gunna be hell 
so...3 hours....thats how long it took to pack all my shit and move all my furniture back to its starting position...im pooped 
@psotto im going to drive...trains stop around midnight 
listenin to leona lewis ..she rocks! omg today was the last day of skool im sad 
@mamasita7518 I'm sick  so i havent gotten up from bed all day. but im bored.
Please say a prayer for me my sis is in the hospital and im out of town 
@the8thwonder04 another night out and i'm not even invited??? im done, f it!!! 
@tommcfly are you always hungry this late at night, tommy? haha. and i wish you and the guys could spend more days in rio 
Damnit im on standby for the claymaking job  hanging with @joonkeongg and @csg8 for lunch.
couldnt have been a better day! i gotta work tomarow  im broke too....................
just got home from this concert thing, im sooo tired right now   guess im going to bed, night guys! 
@emillyyyyyyyyy yo im sorry sterling wanted to leave and i didnt drive i wanted to stay the whole night 
Today was a fast day. im happy schools almost over, but im gonna miss me friends 
Is up n have no voice... ppl im limited to texting 2day.. 
one of my besties is gonna be living in pismo all summer!  im SO bummed!
maybe i shld stay up till 4am tonight, so that i can go macs for bfast. ROAR. cannotttt im messing up my sleeping habits! 
@BendyyStrawz im a freak?  me and you should pull an all nighter next weekend..im painting my room then too! woo
gosh i never liked twitter before till like 3 weeks ago ugh lol im sick as well 
im really tired i woke up at like 4 in the morning coz i heard my nan and grandad talking 
@bradcollinswtw so im guessing they didnt wear your shirt last night  devooo ha.
@campfireburning dont be, youll be ok!!! a month eh?!!im fine. putting off going for a walk with delia in the rain though 
cannot get eminems bagpipes from baghdad out of my head!!.......wondering what to do tonight,knowing im back in the office 2moz morn 
got so much work to do but im jus sooo lazy to start on it. and to make things worse its not even end of the month and im broke 
havent really slept any...looks like im not getting up in the morning 
@ahmedzainal im nt sure  i cud hav clicked wrong...bt they only sent tickets 2days ago so i wud have missed it neway 
hey yall(: havnt been on for 3days:O ive been really busy with netball projects &amp; other stuff..lol.how are you all? im still sick 
saturday night and im staying home 
Just woke up . playin golf in a few hours..its too wet tho.  lol
im addicted to the computer... again  im on it like all day, there's NOTHING else to do which sounds really sad lol. our tv still broken.
im soo bored. going to be stuck in doors till september. joy    its so sunny and i get to watch it thru a window.
mum was drunk last night lol it was not a pretty site.  im well tired now
...hmm which is worse.. that im going to fail.. or that i deserve to fail  *criessss* how issit already 7:45... where did my day goo?!?!
@GarveyBen is so worth it, some of my best day time memories of being in cambridge are at strawberry fair, im so sad im not there this yr 
fuk fuk fuk im being dragged to glasgow for the weekend next week 
soo bored  im used to school schedule and iv been waking up at 5am on weekends &gt;&lt; now i cant go back to bed. JEEEZE!
cant believe the weather! not that it makes much difference as im bed bound this weekend! 
watching beethoven with my grandpa (: going in the bath in a minute coz im freezing cold! 
at school! im so sleepy! n this free coffee sucks! its saturday i wanna be at home sleepin 
im going to sleep now (my dog is snorting  like a small piggy ). going to teach him tomorrow how to come when called 
@beckym1985 nah im not im afraid, i can't get the day off work  im seeing them at sherwoods tho!
hard day at work  but im home now and altho im tierd im ready to start drinken haha
damn...last night was crazy!!! im going to miss mi loca!!! 
nobody can do anyting today so im stuck going to my bros baseball games 
im feeling tired &amp; lazy  long day at work! @laurenmcghee hahaha just to make sure you know that's not his real hair, unfortunately :|
wants to go to bed but cant leave this sucky game.... im on at church in the morn in going to regret this  sorry tim.
i am sooooo sik of limpn round my house im bound 2 hurt myself!!!! ugh 
counting down the days, ugh im sad 
@rossmurderscene im jealous  i decided to drive tonight instead of drink!
im cranky today  idk y, maybe im still in my bad mood from last night. I dnt wanna cry again
@Tifanei oh good. im sorry  i have been crazy busy. we might be going to reds game tonight. what u up to?!
ugh.. just landed in sacremento with only 3 hours of sleep under my belt.. wec fight is on sunday! ring girl time. im sooo tired 
its a really nice day and im sittin at work 
geez louise this day stinks my mom is yelling at me over an umbrella im getting rained on and i cant hang out with anyone 
@frodjo and all day im waiting for bruno he went off suddenly yesterday  and i dunno what has happened 
Its summer and im wearing a hoodie 
its a puny day! no beach  maybe a drive to the co-op would make me feel better. im so bored!!!
twittter was being mean it said i updated wayyy tooo much so i couldnt update fer hours 
you know whats NOT fun, getting home at like 1 and then waking up at 7 to go to a 4 hour saturday. ughhhhh  im sleepyyyy
@electrcspacegrl aargh! so behind on the office  ive only seen through season 4 and im waiting for more on dvd.
omg where has that sun gone  im not likeing the rain that has been forcast for the next 5 days !
frustrated with the day :/ feel like im being held back 
i told him how i felt last night, and im not sure i got the response i wanted 
im mad hungry..... havent eaten all day 
today is awesome so far....gym and a massage...but im starving now and theres nothing to eat in my house 
long day feeling like shit! uuugghhh... didnt even go out last night, im just run down!  blah
omg cant believe i had to go 2 work at the last min 2day...n im workin agen at 8am 2morow 
@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/6s3mb -  lol, y? i am so glad im not you...what i put on in the mornin stays on all day, at least  ...
wow soo bored.... :L im waitin for this movie to start and i have anotha hour to go.. 
im bored .. its 2am but i just cant sleep ..  my twinni's out but i've to stay at home cause im ill .. 
phillies lost again  but 6 days till boston
2 weeks of shool left excited and sad cuz im movin skools D': the summer is a bummer if ya cant be with your friends all the time 
@EmilyOsment lol. I'm sad though coz its 2 am in london so its sunday and that means I have school tomoz  you are amazing though. Lysm xxx
is peeved that im feeling so ill as i really want and need to go to church tomorrow, big time meh 
@courtneystorrie Haha i know dude its so awesome! This is the last of my trips though til october. 
doing nothing agian today  im sick  and its a long weekend thats fucked up haha
breakfast at the coffee shop.....alone. its sunday n im working. 
@simprograms dont think ill ever shower again now, as im soo close to a corner, i think i've become really paranoid now  i keep
@ddlovato album is coming out on my birthday...im not sure how i feel about that...dont really wanna share my day 
going to youth group tonight although im feeling V sick 
im very disappoint  i order two books a month ago and they wouldnt be arriving till june 19 grrrr!
thinkin' ... One day im all alone , the next crying on the phone ? 
@hellivina have a great night girl. im tired and not feeling to good. darn weather. 
im mad boreed and i miss seeing @jtimberlake monday it will be 8 months since i saw him  i love ya dude
i need to go to bed but im not tired  eh i have to wake up at 7 a.m tomorrow for church
@IsabelPS13 awe that sucks  aahah u sent the message im responding to like 3 hours ago but i didnt know you @messaged me.. so i am now.
uploading photos to flickr and checking in to my flight tomorrow.  i hate leaving new york, but i'll be back. of... http://ff.im/3G35g
last weekend in san jose for a while 
upside to my day: can you catch good; coz im falling for you &gt;.&lt; downside: i feeel sooo iillllllllll 
still waiting for my ride home...  im sooo excited to go back to my room 
Going to get a drink at 2am in a 100+ year old house sucks when ur afraid of the dark 
just transformed my room. got new drawers. looks cool. now i have to study coz i was doing that ALL day. im buggered. 
I want new plugs  .........oo and finally realized somethin this weekend and im prrreety disapointed :/
aw man ive just realised im 24 on wednesday... can't my birthday wait??? 
im on the bed listening to some music... so bored but i cant sleep. i stayed up all night long for no reason! 
oh sh%&amp; it's late! probably going to sleep only 3 hours like today. it's target's fault, scheduling me at 7:30am on saturday and sunday. 
cant wait til im 17 so i can drive anywhere by myself.huahaha.im too sick of sleeping at home all the time  i need a JCOOL!shit
is happy now exams are over! freedom feels good...well it will for 4 months before im back 
@ddlovato youre lucky...im grounded for coming home an hour late..cruel.. 
@JackAllTimeLow the doctor said that im not permitted to drink beer too much anymore.  just 1 can per month. Can you imagine? A big oh no
im up now abd wathching Primevil as seen as i couldn't watch it last night 
@sophiemcflyx yeah, 23 hours 15 mins :| and it wnt let me click on tom 
@1mzn2srv lol my first exam is on tuesday (2 more days!!!!) and  dont think i am very prepared. i movedblog a while ago haha. anyway,
im not feeling my best to day 
im so tired but i really dont want to go to bed coz tomorro night i have to go back to school &amp; i dont think i go on leave till holidays 
@SunnyCryAlice i can't be bothered to do anything and im still tired from yesterday  oh well long lies till wednesday (: hehe
stuck in traffic  cant believe the day im having
@scott_fuller ughhdfkojdfklfadsj  im getting you a blackberry world, that way you can call me every day.
been up for almost an hour, puking. soo glad im off these next two days. back to bed... i hope. 
im in shock right now... there are only 18 days left... this is so bittersweet. 
@xlilcutiepie im studying right now  i wont online that often next week, badd!
oooo the next few days is gonna be funn, 4 day with no internet,  im gonnna die, hah, well anyways. i found my old camera that will en ...
I gotta stop stayin out til 4am when I gotta work in the morning... I feel like shit 
walmart and get a few things.plus im carless cuz im getting my car wet sanded and buffed.it wont be done till monday... 
awake, not by choice, and im ab to start studying... too bad econ didnt take the week off 
@MissLaniSasha i wish i was home to go to love with yall last night!  dont have too much fun while im gone!!! wait for MEEE! lol
So mad im working in the morning 
@djanalyze It was cold yesterday  booo cali! lol but probably better 2day? and out east?? whats good in ur end?
happy bday to my father!!... ps seems like im loosing followers by the minute 
@miamii  lucky, im still owed from before the holidays, going to nag the woman tommorow hah
im off the computer for the day. 
@sunnygirlkate yeah tired too !! somebody whos name i wont tell know text me a message at 2 oclock in the night and im so sweet dreaming 
im not gonna see james for a month and a half 
gotta do laundry  i always spend my days off doing chores this sucks lol
well im tired and had a ok w.e im skint !!! aw its rubbish  this weekend should be good .. dunbarr !!!!
anne is leaving today  im going to miss her
im tried and have to go back to the hell hole tomorrow 
omg one week and senuors leave  im goin to cry seriously
My old high school is having a graduation today and im feeling a wee bit nostalgic  ... On another note im really liking The Replacements
im so uppset why do i always have 2 fall for the boys i cant have??? met him yesterday  this sucks
@kalilekkas hey babes... i havent been on the computer in a week so all my updates been mobile..  im tryna be on more tho.
im so tired!!!....i got college tomorrow 
i have really soft hair atm, but im thinking of having a shower to stay awake, its like nearly six in the morning, ive been up all night 
@kkfrae i dislike this LOTS.  feeeel free to txt/phone anytime lovely!! i am frequently denby-ing it up atm  off tmoro after 11 days! 
im excited :o for this month but at the same time im sad  . there is so much that is gonna happen. and its the last month with lizzie.
fucknn summer skool starts tomorrow  whaat to eat.. must hit walmart tanite.. susans thirsty butt is comin over tanitee.
@Bubbles_Fly @Tarzz o no  ive got to go, im guna miss all the convo  lol night night xx
im so fucked for tomorrow.. suddenly going to uni doesnt seem so sure anymore 
I shouldn't have cooked today, forgot about the anniversary party now everyone to full to eat  http://ff.im/3Hukr
im wishing i didn't have to go to school tomorrow. i really don't want to see the person who broke my heart. five more days and it's over 
im kinda mad I decided not 2 go 2 summer jam 
im stupid. it was one night and now i could be label for life because of it! 
i wish i could go to summer jam  but im just happy to see the pictures and it will be up on youtube tomorrow
@thesansinator awww im sorry.  well, we miss you here.  you need to come back already...like tomorrow. did you sleep the whole time?
@manetane damn son	 im working on a movie in the morning and got a photoshoot tonite so I can't even come up there...washin clothes now...
is in wellington. it's cold  and im jet lagged. but am going to town in a bit for lunch &amp; the beach!
haaah, after midnight trip i must b tired, but im not!! What happen 2 my body anyway... 
@SkinnyInTheCity shit im outta town too..was posed to come daown the night..but im in a recession right now..so... 
i have rehearsals 2moro so we have to cut our trip short  im tht sad they have to end there trip bcuz of me 
greaat..im sickk. but of course i still gotta go to school tomorrow cuz of science finals! 
@therealTiffany oh i wish. but i have a bug in my eye. because im crying. my sis is going away for the week. its hard for me.   
@alyssatasker yeah im bad  how was the rest of the party? and did i hear right that u are studying events management?
yay im having a sleepover bffl denita!! also cant wait for tomarrow its my big end of the year party!!! ill miss lincoln 
omg im goign to kill krista for talking me into going tanning twice in one day. sunburn 
im at my dads side with-out my dad  and it is a gr8 day!! lol
im off to bed now...hopefully to sleep away this damn virus...ugh...it hurts  ...nighty night peeps!!! xoxoxo
ugh 6 hours with mr. hawkins does not make for a happy jackie.  and more tomorrow...not at all looking forward to it....
I had a bad allergic to the sunscreen i've been using for the past two days. i'm now covered head to toe in a rash. fml im miserable 
wOw just gOt home frOma lOng day with sarah...shes annoying....anywa im so tired and have the fatest headache ugh 
wOw just gOt home frOma lOng day with sarah...shes annoying....anyways im so tired and have the fatest headache ugh 
at outerlands for little wings show but missing bon fire on the beach because im opening the shop tomorrow 
gosh im so tired, i only got like 3 hours sleep last night but i still had to get up early o finish off me frickin homework 
Just got home from ihop... its 1:40 and im sooo awake... spent the day with friends now im sittin in bed bored...  Blahh...
@lancearmstrong well after one year of saving ive been told i cant get a carbon frame coz im over weight .. totaly deverstated 
@RickyDeHaas haha im sick though i'll try to make the most of it! ps. we never got to skype this weekend 
is sick as a dog! one min im hot the next im freezing!       I cant wait for summer!
last week, im so thankful! but gotta wake up early. oh noes 
im dead!! i walked around 4 most of the day half asleep 
@jbajzert alright! 3am and i barelyyy started the redhill booklet. all nighter i suppose  then i gotta do another booklet tmrw!
about to head to post office and then off to work..  fuck im tired. but england in two days. family drama: here i come!
really don't want to hear about period pads when im eating 
@shanedawson. hes funny lol. oh god. date tomorrow,with a boy i should like but don't got back from phx couple hours ago. super tired 
on msn.. looking at photos.. srsly need to take some to edit,, im havent been on picnik in what? three days... 
@pimpyouriphone im abit worried about it, apple store is miles away, carphone warehouse only pre order contract 
just wondering what to do with my day, im skint and have no car 
im not having a good day 
@wespoling haa i did . but vincent took my smf shift so im free !! woopp woo!  but then.. it gets ruined bc i work the rest of the week. 
ughhh im locked in my house! im not gonna be able to go to the picnic today unless my sister gets home... 
only been up an hour and im soooo bored 
good morning twitta! im still so tired, i want to go back to bed  , stupid school &gt;:o
cant believe da weather... looks like im stayin in all day 
im not going to school today im so sick  school is almost done 2 weeks birthday is on saturday!!!
Sitting here wondering if i will make it through the day, im getting old, my back is out of wack  ~TaME~
im in class, i want to go home and sleep some more, slept all weekend. 
@tammytwisted goin offline now til 2nite ref little miss chicken pox&quot;  what a day im having
I just got up and im home alone again  my sis is at camp but i get to go next week!! Yay
last day of highschool. im actually gunna miss this place 
im done with both my finals yet was told i have to stay til eleven  i've been done for twenty minutes
stuffy nose  more twilight eclipse today! jeeze im such a nerd!
in wexford agen yay it was my bday yesterday and no one wished me happy bday ion here 
there is no use im regreting these days.. my tears worth more than the past 
@sir_charles804 good afternoon... sorry youre at work 
im hungry... yesterday was our anniversary (our 1st) and he didnt remember 
im sad...today i just got my sons 1st bday stuff...my babys grown up fast... 
omg im soo clumsy :| i fell down a hill this morning&amp; i have spranged my coxsic the people at the hospital say i have too chill-ax 
@mgray84 yup 4 hours of ot down the drain 
don't think im going to dye my hair tonight, im really tired 
I really miss my hubby we havent been apart 4 this long in over a year               im a cull i no lol
im soo sick of having a thunderstorm every freakin day erg 
@AGGallegos thanks alan, it hasnt even been a month and im already ancy. ps. i saw a dead deer on the side of the road today 
@erinnnn_x ur not allowed to go to the cab show this summer?!?  im going and i was counting on seeing ur lovely face there  dayummm 
@duggiegirl im ok hun been cleaning all day  xxx
first time ive been on the computer all day. im proly gonna have top help my sister with her 7pg english paper thats due tomorrow 
talking to natalie online before some quality skype time.  im missing my twin today   1st bday apart
im so annoyed i cant get all my photos loaded to the comp  2night was goooood!
off for 6 hours, while im @ school. wish me luck  xxxxxxxxxx
its morning and im tired. i am having facebook withdrawal symptoms... 
im falling asleep at the table...and tmrw i have my math regents..at 8am 
2 1/2 hours have passed in my shift. I texted my sweety but no response.  *wonders why &gt;&gt; * and am now about to read.
waited an hour for an interview at a restaurant....and didn't even eat [sigh]im starvin like marvin 
sum ppl are too self-involved :/ im bored i watched 2 week notice,how shit was that! lol waste of my evening  im watchin sex and the city
@amandapalmer oh no i just got fucking screamed at by my mum for being up at half 1. night xx   (amandapalmer live &gt; http://ustre.am/1qRf)
@Meranne it's only been one day and im sooo tired!!!! 
im fuckin sick as shit  34 days
@Arbrie aww how cute....im dreading class tomorrow... 
its been 7 hours after school ended and im still not done my hmwrk 
ENJOYING SUMMER VACATIONES!  anyway there gonna last very very short time  cause im going to summer school 
@Hottopicthief ha, you and me the same, amerlu... im 22 and have the mobility of a 90 year old woman...not too mention a shitty ankle 
is upset because it doesnt look like im gunna reach 100 followers by the end of the day  lol
another bad day begins, im going to the college in about 15 mins! hav to talk to ppl i dont wanna talk to also study what i really hate!! 
i miss you. i got this stupid job for you  i start this week and i am scared. im such a fucking failure and you know it bobby. you hate me
@ashleyykayyy geez im excited, but im getting it tomorrow not at midnight 
@Katiejj89 its cool, no one showed  i literally sat there alone all night crying lol im exaggerating a lil. x
I'ma have 2 download in the morning.. its time 4 bed im extra tired &amp; gotta be up at 7am  but thankyou @SongzYuuup u da best!
@thePistol-i would love if you replied to me seriously it would make up for a horrible night im having 
im so sorry 2 hear dat my senior, widya ayu, died in an accident this morning. may she rest in peace. we'll miss you 
@socalvballqt hmmm  im sorry  stick it out for the week...it might get better (hopefully) &lt;3
feels sooo goood to be done school (besides 1 exam) 10 hours of homework today :|  im feeling really down tonight though 
@chcougar1 i've literally had 4 bleeds since yesterday  im falling apart!
mmm food... thats better....3 hours in the pool, then home and no lunch untill nearly 2 o'clock!! 
slightly down. its always weird when im talkin to a bunch of girls and the next day im not.  #squarespace
MAn tomorrow is about to be super long  class then work immediately after ahhhh im going to sleep peace!!!!!
i can't get any information about the 30 day challenge my headset is not working  http://ff.im/41UwO
morning people . . . . off to skl for me in a min, even though im still tired 
@josephh_m emma brought bad news home from school... our qld camp got cancelled  im devo
@tracyvega im on oahu, oh yo i looked at my schedule and sorry dude i have finals the following week 
@mistersoul216 you not the only one. I have no idea how im going to get up in 4 hours 
its 3:32am. im not tired. &amp;&amp; nobody that im following on twitter has updated in the past 2 hours. i feel alone 
last night in ireland. never thought i could meet such awesome people who im going to miss so much 
@kassysmithers i miss u 2 gurl i cant visit u im 2 far away hav 2 wait till nxt year soz 
haha whenevr laa. btw, by next week im gone!  @Jiaamrol
i dont drink but this morning im hungover 
I feel so sick today i refuse to be sick for my birthday  so im gunna take some pills eat some food and curl up in bed watching tv lol
@chiemiiii hey chi! you always mysteriously disappear from sunday training, I never see you leaving til u're gone  u don't go msn anymore~
im home ill from school                      whats every one else doing then its sunny and cloudy here in cornwall but the cloudshouldpass
saw the body today. thinking i better get used to it, as im a nurse after all. i miss him, like i have missed him for the past 10 years 
good morning im not going to school again i hjave the flu and i have pink eye at the same time tha sucks  i miss everyone at skool,boring!
im bit off the day the big 30 
thank you i get to stay home but it sucks cuz im sick and my b day is in 4 days    xoxo bye love all yall
So yet another beautiful day n' im at work....This sucks! 
im here in dc and this is my day to go home yea. but i get my dog back tomorrow  and my grandma is staying the night  so bye
up and last day  im sad
prob wasnt the best thing to call out yesterday. when i walked in this am, i got the look dwn.  ugH!! gotta b on my p's n q's..
@britbaby0203 not cool bitch...im free tonight...let's do something! cause im NOT free tomorrow night i wont be home til 8 
I went to sleep last night then woke up then went back to sleep and then woke up because of my brother.  im tired...
@letoyaluckett good morning! im sorry u missed McBreakfast tho 
@diptastic yea im is. lmao.. im hyper as hell this am.. hopefully it will last all day.. 
really wish i was at wembley last night....im dying to see them live 
@hahahafiz @maynaseric @simontay78 im so late in reading updatessss!=( sorrieee! been in the &quot;woods&quot; whole day! cant ol 
@camwashere uhm, a reasonable two weeks according to most books but not mine.  im a through and through wuss.
@kellbell68 i cant.. they kept dragging me into meetings all damn day   im free now, but for how long?
im all dressed in pink today (legally blonde much?) lol i wish i was in nashville at this time  i miss amy+jacob
its so hot!! im dreading having to walk around downtown in this heat... 
yeah im thinkin' about killing myself because we have a whole day of maths on monday 
@kaylaoh im at ulta buying nail polish!  But u should come over tomorrow after we sel snacks 
@sarahlay im doubtful will be doing anything but work been invited to sheffield on night out mates bday but will more likely be working 
i dont know wtf happen last night :/ kim  kenzie  im getting a new feeling  and i hate every second of my life right now!
I wana go to another gig but im too skint from going to gigs that i have to save up for a few weeks 
staying in and missing the 2nd day of class cos i feel sick.  im nipping it at the bud before it gets worse.... http://plurk.com/p/11fyay
@carlysialevert im sorry for ur loss  i kno how u feel, i lost my dad last year a week b4 hs grad
im soooooooooooooo booooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrred an i havent even been finished exams for a day  damn you xbox live. damn u to hell
my aunt died last night...my tim was in the hospital and im at my softball game...what a day 
last day of vacation so im moping 
ok not going to watch the hangover today!  but im still going to the movies so no worries!!  hehe
one minute im fine the next, im not and im finding it hard, very hard, hurting at the moment!! 
im going to thorpe park next week, i hate rides, just looked at some, shitting myslef 
@jennwagner will u do me a huge favor and look for the lil white carebear @ cr 2night...im too sick to come   How did dr. visit go?
leaving up north for the summer on monday! im going to miss my puppy 
@charades no offense but im kind of hating yr bday  i certainly hope yr having a better day than i am
uhhh im having an off day, and my stomach hurts  im not happy
im soooo sick, and i have a studio session in an hour and a half  gotta lay these vocals!
@Moshandtx i havent got cussed out in jamaican all day  im sad...
sad day...im missing out on taylor swift @ cmt awards...instead im stuck at work 
really wanna clean everything out of my room right now....but this might take days  ag im already to lazy
haha im at skool... first session 
so im justt chillen up in new york for a couple days.. lol man it's so bored up here!!! ahhhh 
@thereasonwhy thats ok. oh katie said that audra didnt stay for the after party so if you went you wouldnt have been able to meet her 
still broke,no electricity,no nkotb ticket blahhhhh i feel like im stuck in a hole i cant get out of.....    
@petewentz im past the age of being in school.. but its no summer here. what should i do? 
ok i gotta hit the sack now - its 3am london time. i've gotta him the gym again  tomorrow my six pack is still buried under a keg 
Just found out that its going to rain while im at the beach next week...oh joy. 
kinda want to just go pseo or transfer, cuz theres no one im looking forward to see this school year, except fred and i dont see her much 
@weloveyoumiley im getting it next week  that sucks
im as bored as ever watching dark knight for the 5th time this week!!!!! 
im a little upset i won't be seeing @thepatbrown &amp; dylan (@modsun) tomorrow. is the semester show really sold out?? 
my last day at the last magazine tmrw! im going to miss magnus and tenzin and evelien 
is figuring out her school schedule for fall  fuck im scared already
im longing for a movie night out 
im mad I missed it  I couldnt wait all day to watch it 
im up late nite 2 day.......... 2 much on my mind i jus cant fall asleep 
come to the ta and keep me company. im working till 6-3.30 am 
omg , going to work with my mom in like half hour  , bummer, delivering newspapers till 7am or later .. im not happy about this.. at all
i cant tomorrow  im doing something all day! dang!
@PressExit  i have to work tonight again. but i swear, after this shift im done &gt;_&gt; i dont care if my mum gets shitty with me
im really bored now!! netball training was called off  im goin to pinks concert 4 the 2nd time this year yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
is freaking out about getting braces 2morrow.. i feel like im going to automatically change back to being 14 years old 
@sara_kashani  im sad about the bold, it was almost my favourite child. We are all made obsolete (me and G a week ago with our laptops) x
@iamlottie lol.. haha about our trip ? and okkkkk .. im finna hit the sacks. goodnite iLY and try to sleep good, u had a stressful day 
@argeneau know that feeling im at my other job today  have a good day babe x
@_CorruptedAngel ha ha!! im good thanks! looking bit overcast here though, not that i would see much sun stuck indoors all day  x
im finally done with putting my new stario system in!!! woop. getting up at 5 in the morning thought 
@Sion71 yep im good ! planning on staying in doors and dodging the rain  it is misserable here today ,
loved yesterday, and is now thinking shopping again tonight hahaa, just gotta get past english, serious cba  x
i gotta quit stayin up so late....even tho i do work in the afternoon im startin to hate missin the whole day 
@sharlynnx im very very jalous ! I want that too I have still 2 weeks to go ! 
sigh im tired  feeling over the positivity i had yesterday.
@lejjewellery aw  day 2 is always the worst. im ok ta, confused about a gas bill i have tho'
http://twitpic.com/7m0o1 - what i have been doing for the past 10 minutes even though im suppose 2 be looking up the french ballet... sad 
It would b rainy the day im flying 
Getting my haircut tomorrow. yay :| not really newsworthy, im tired but i gotta wake mum up in 2 hrs so i cant sleep 
This has been a bad start to the  day...  it better get better or im gunna cry..
last day of school !!! crazyy. im gonna miss EVERYONE. life will never be the same- alotta my friends are going to diff. high schools 
byeeee everyone im getting ready for beddd!!!! dad can't drive me in the morning 
ah..  im goin to my new job..... today its a first time.. im so nervous that i will break somethin or it will be really embarrassing
im having a really bad day   
@MieAase: im just listening to music and trying to keep warm.. it rained today  my heater is on, but im still a bit cold
goodmorning everyone .. don't ask why im up at 9 am bc i dont kno! bad night can't sleep 
@SebastianBrandt If im right aboutwhat i told ya it wont be yet for a couple of hours 
im tired - not a good sign for what is gonna be a busy night 
@ootifferszoo omgggg i thought u were @ home!!!!  im sorry ...wat u doin 2day??
Its wednesday and im not at the mall w my boo  im going to dentists for the second day in a row yayahh
@hiphopscouture you should try sleeping at and and maybe you wont be so tired lol! naw i slept last night and im still tired 
2 days till the end of school ! im happy but also sad because the show is on sunday  i dont want to preform im sick of dancing...
ouch!!! my stomach is full i really need to exercise everyday (which i do every week) but everyday but im sooo lazy 
im stuck in the cue of billions, updates gunna take 2 hours to download 
@1cutechicwitfm im still hurting but getting stronger think my summer is ruined 
@bellabellini i dont have highspeed till next week so im getting online on my aircard and the bandwidth is a bitch. So ill have too wait 
i am depressed, thats what i get for getting my hopes up  i hate knowing i'm going to miss the cab in frisco this sunday!
Looks like ima be doin homewerc for 7hours again 
@hollywills my ex got me hooked on it last year, but this year im disappointed  too many wierdos in there, wheres the 'real' ppl?
i find it strangley annoying that im tired all the way through the day but when its time for bed, im wide awake -.-,, and school tomorrow 
that red wine has made me so tired. till bad i'll be working till 2.30am tonight  so worth it though. im very very lucky rn
i hate shots  but i loooove the dinner im about to eat
evie.. im not doing french next year  but its all good we shall have the laugh.. ah stop.. us and gold.. epic.
@ddlovato im nottt  but two of my good friends are! and i live an hour away, so..i'll pretend i'm there haha.
@GeminiDragon yup  im tired of spamming though so this is the last week
@oceanUP ha, nicee, mine was preordered, so i got it monday. im excited, im going to their tour this summer on july 18. sadly no demi tix 
thinking what to wear??....im tired of standing an hour in the closet. 
is...dead...tired...just got home from wk and it's almost 8pm...darn ppl making me stay after hours with customers by myself 
is going for a little walk with the boy and then to bed... gotta be up at 5 tom. morning 
im so tired, &amp; I have to study alll night 
@selenagomez  i cant believe you &amp; demi are in toronto! im literally like 2 hours away, it would be great to see you 2 but i have school 
'tis such a lonely night.. im tired of going to bed alone  want to cuddle?
i cant believe its only 845 and im going bed..i guess thats what i get for having to work at 5:30 tomorrow morning. 
iam sooo sick  ive been sleeping all day and havent studied for my spanish final! :/ greeeeaat
@MissSydneyJ girl i am new to the bay i have no clue even how to leave this area haha an im in class till 10 
@sk8storms nahhh i barely woke up and im chillin in pj's! unlike u.. i didn't sleep last night  haha
@im_da_ish1 night night boo................proly not gunnub here 2marrow or tha next day....goin outta town  so......goodnigt lubb yhu =]
im goint to miss all u mother fucker 8th graders from bancroft  last day
@vuanhtruong im kidding myself. vuuuu progress isn't good  imma jump from 13th floor and pray that i die fast.
vegas til monday ... then back to westwood to pack away the last 2 years of my life 
crap day at school. im really missing jo in class, this came to mind in maths 
means no development squad 2moz  im like gonna get killed by the coach if im not alive in a couple of days u will no y
Shops almost over for the year  im sad.
@davewrong im meant to see it at midnight tonight too. if it hasnt sold out. unlimited card people have to wait till the day for tix 
is finally home.. yey!!! boy did i have a looong day.. im pooped.. 
@kazitoshi im bringing her to the vet tomorrow morning. theres some green discharge when she pees.    
great ,, today im feeling sick 
boston in 8 hours lol.. im going to miss @indrahidayat so muchhh for the next 4 dayssss 
I hate the rain when im workin and have to walk up and down in at my lunch breah 
@Ryanseacrest what you've been doing all day? im on holiday yet im bored 
says good night plurk. (bye) im not so active right now  http://plurk.com/p/11x3hy
got a slight headache; and im ready to be back in maryland  tornado warnings up for tomorrow wtf
woke up this morning and felt like crap. im sick  i was wanting to go see alex today but cant now. screw being sick.
really sad that im going to have to skip uptown unveiled...i had been looking forward to it all month long   *tears*  
i just got back from new bern, nc yesterday and the drive took forever  but im home now 
@ddlovato what time is the premier tonight cuz im dying to go but i don't when it is  pleeeeeasee replyy
@Liquidslap i mean naw i was gone call see wha yall was doing then come over bu im saying u ruined my plans for the day 
looooooooooooooong day  im going blonde tonight!!
@KellBenn I want to go to vegas next spring break... even though im old 
just bored realli... i need and actually want a job and cant even get 1 cuz im 1 year under da required age 4 most jobz.... 
@shenadee what does modular mean? i had biology on friday chem on wed &amp; physics tomorrow yeah it does.  yeah i am. what do you take? xx
am i the only weirdo who havent sleep yet during this time? im bored. 
nope  hes not home till 10 and its 9 now so another hour! 
@blizzygetsbizzy okay so i'll meet u at ur job...tomorrow will b my last official day of vaca....back to work on monday 
just took a shower; have to turn in my laptop tomorrow and im not looking forward to it 
@TiffanyLD im so sorry about your friend tiffany.may she rest in peace. today i attended my first funeral, im only 19. 
i dont want to sleep  had a great day and im drunk lol
hi whats going on today? im on vacation and as usual it sucks! No white sandy beach for me! 
im off to bed... hopefully feel better in the morning 
so happy im moving!!!!!!!! omg like 1 more week of oregon 
goin yo vietnam tomorrow... im not tweeting for a month 
been snuggled up to my babs for the past 2 hours.. shes poorly and we dont no whats up  
my ankle hurts suuuper bad.  fuckin pissed that im in a cast for another 6 weeks.  
boo..i cant get it tomorrow  but im still getting it within the month!
travis has an awesome men's group; but thursdays are very loooooong days w/o him...he won't be home til 10  
omgg YES last day of freakin skool tomrw...FINALLLY!! and P.S im sick 
@MrKadir its an hour behind, but im done with school  i had my last exam today. im tired though but im a twitter addict 
im at bjs. &amp; im sad cos I didn't talk to him all day 
freaking mom closed her credit card account today. now i cant get blink 182 irvine tickets.  soon as im 18 im getting a credit card!
work with my boo . im not working today but boo is working all night til 5am  so ui
leaving in 9 and a half hours :'( gonna misss everyone  god im such a rebell staying up at half one on a school night yasssssssss haha
lexington, north carolina is very boring. especially if your stuck here all summer. 
@SirHorus lol probly ha ha im having a booish day too  i lost my phone
Stranded with no ride home  im scaredd call mee 
alrighty, signing off for the night, and mishari: im sorry i couldn't help you tonight 
such a beautifull day and im stuck inside the house with a virus 
wow im glad im going to sit in the car for 12 hours to go to a place i dont even wanna go!!!  fml
im bo yo reminds me of summer.. 
@mireiobelle i wish it was on a different day!!  oh wat time r u gona come home 2morrow?? coz ima stay der till 4 pm
@_missash_  as much as im excited for this fantastic fun weekend that is going to go down, im sad, it means ur leaving me  
heavy week, leavin nxt sunday, im surely qonna miss him 
Its 6.41am im up  just had a shower only been up 10minutes just wanna go back to bed x
UGH im getting some playing time on my ps3 cause im getting verizon fios 2morrow and their supposed to take 6 hours setting everything up 
Going to bed! it was a long day but im just glad i dont got dat swine flu. i WISH i couldve gone to razmataz 
omg i dont want to go to class in the morning &amp; i need shoes for tomorrow! who wants to go shopping for me while im in school?! 
oh im sleepy and i'm supposed to wake up early tomorrow but my hubby isn't home yet 
40 weeks and still no baby  why o why wont my labor start im overdue how much longer do i have to wait
im ill 2day.    
friday night and no 1 to go party wit im a loner in my own country 
im starting to really miss talking to my gf at night 
@BBRRIITTTTYY lol i didnt go to school today, im so sick  went to sydney yesterday as u noe and got the flu!!  x
@RumRunnner me either. im so broke and my job sucks. i only get two days off.. 
im supposed to be @ sports day but i've gota bllod coubt and thyroid test  my hearts a bit mucked up-like the rest of me ba ha
@royalshortness u mean u get to go back at sharp 6pm every day? im jealous 
@mogfather snap. oh wait im already here  and its not even friday 
ugh everyone sucks.     hate getting my hopes up. im going to bed.  night.
my bed looks so big and comfy and im leaving it for the weekend  ah well im sure me and @katieetugde will have fun !
Who wants to eat at this god awful hour.  im tired
@tristanryan ahhh ik but theyre an hour away  and rite now theyre jst talking about them!
waiting for 4 cosby show 2 start...and im very very sad becasue i cudnt attend ma bessies birthday party   
im still ill its been all week now 
@soginger i would but im going to be in lake george for fathers day.  im sorry 
its raining so idk if im going to go to picnic day text me 
@traubalina i'm with you - the early morning activities are the best - but 6 a.m. wakeups were angela im exercise bootcamp 
@LushiousLindsay no, im leavin today for md...then im off to cali sat for 2 weeks 
yay the weekend is here!! but workin on sunday  but its with em so im happy!
@abbieeeee im sorry i ruined your day 
anddd im getting made fun of cause i snored last night  lmao
im really sad that i have to miss my fri night abs and intervals work out to be at the bistro  can't wait until i can get paid to work out
im leaving soo soon and i m sad. my last day 
im soooooo sleepy but if i sleep now i wont wake up in time to do rj 
@swayswaystacey same same, im tired  night. xo
@rebekahcarmen no you can't be sick. im sorry baby  i missed you this morning
@PatsyTravers we don't have class on friday.  i have a job on campus. so im just going to miss work. they aren't really cabs in alabama. 
YAY! 'nother interview on monday!!!! im a lil worried about this one she said the don't pay what I should be getting 
@DJMissSaigon lmao that was last night im heading home now. Whatsgoin on tonight.. Wtfff i miss ur buttt. N mr chow 
im sitting infront of the computer, aching like hell from the 4 mile run. its been a while. 
@twann0 can u please send some of that sun my way? I havent seen it in about a month  im feeling depressed bc of it! 
@katierosss mateeee im going on holiday, ima miss you  for a whole week
@mitchelmusso i am sooo upset! your coming to cleveland the day im gonw  you're amazing and i love you &amp; i lvoe how you give back to fans
@RyanSeacrest the weather sucks here in mi lucky.. its june and the summer hasnt started yet. 
im not very well at all  night im off to bed, follow me please and dm me x thank you x
@thompsa im working on it...but i may be in mary esther, fl both weekend 
i fell really sad cause my dog died yesterday ..    it had ten years i love her an im always wil love
on my way to dallas! only 2 and a haf hours left 
im going to go to paige's b-day bonfire but i hhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaattttttttttttttteeeeeeeeeeee the beach  sucks
So im bored ass hell, school starts tuesday  I paid all my bills, mani/pedi was yesterday, i have my crib for doleyy... &amp; why am i bored?
my hairs soaked! ha it won't dry for another 3 hours or so. I feel like going swimming tho! too bad for the bad weather here 
@Lauratimpson nothing  im a broken ass biarch!!!!! next week end im hitting a dance party at sub9 tho
@taziaaaaa im good!! im on vacation in venturaa yay haha but im going back home today 
@bboop im jealous, i heart sonic. closest 1 is almost an hour away  fail cleveland, fail!
im gonna clean my room&amp;livng. fml, tomorrow im waking up at 5:40, iguess. today gotta study for exam 
work was soo tiring tonight  up at 9ish tmz, so im gonna have lots of sleep before workin these 14 hours tmz. bed before 5am for me! :O
@JaredOngie haha its too cold down here  bt other than that im quite fine.. jst extremely bored  wht are your plans for the day?
So unimpressed that im sick and in bed on a friday!  
i cant sleep and im up in 5 hours for work  euugghh!! wedding tomorrow night cant wait 
@Spizzy_G  im bored too...i wanted to go out tonight since i ACTUALLY have it off...but having money issues...so no drinkin this weekend 
@JBeauty im at home kinda bored  how was ur day?? How are the votes goin?
im so tired i need to sleep but wont sleep for another 6 hours 
omg i felt so sick all week i think its cause im bored 
im a little sad this evening..things didnt go as planned  will i ever get to have some fun while im in the atl..... very long day tomorrow
@ChinaLatina79 umm yes!!! lol im saving up already. nicole and i need more vip time, hardly got any words out to donnie on tuesday 
is bored and is sad tat im leaving on tuesday and leaving all my friends i will miss u guys ill see u next year! 
what a weird day. im so glad its over. also - i really want a buddy. 
@automaticpanic sadness im gonna miss tonights bopper session  im already out for the night...
dont think my meds are working...i took the night version and my nose is still stuffy and im still awake an hr later... 
Oh ick. I had hardware issues myself this week. No fun  re: http://ff.im/4cHLQ
@naseemfaqihi good morning darling! im just heading off to bed. its like we never see each other anymore 
im awake kids woke us at 6:45  tried to get some more sleep on the couch with no luck ...fathers day ha.
im kinda sad i might not be able to go to my friends b-day tomorrow, because of traspertation  well i was counting on it
long ass day... im tired 
@bestieblondie7 im sorry lady i totally passed out after laundry all day and late dinner 
Tired an im workin today 
Its damn there near 4 in the morning and im still doing laundry this shit is so not cool 
@strikeitfierce ahahah. yeahh, ive been good. you? im not doing much tonight as well   hates having boring nights.
@CMPurple6 aww i bet that hurt  im here for u if u need me, if u need someone to talk to this weekend u can always ring me if u want.
one word 2 explain 2nite ...trash...damn I should've went 2 roscoes im starving 
I've been up about half hour and im already bored out of my mind 
My 2 year old has once again my iPhone and wont give it up   http://pic.im/5Jz
Is heading 2 a gig. Starts @ 1pm. I finished band practise 5min ago. And 2 make matters worse im losing my voice. 
in 9 months, i wont be able to experience 100x of tickling  im guna miss that =((
im still sick.  got chills last night..but im a bit better now. hope to be okay by tomorrow.. *prays*
guys, I had a bad dreamm  and it woke me up at 730 in theb morning and im tired and blah :|
@justinmoorhouse im all cosy in the house as well  catching up on here ,just dropped hubby at airport he gone for 3wks now 
is another sleepless night. man, i so want to go to the american idol tour in july and the miley cyrus concert in october. im sad 
i really need to sort out my sleep pattern coz im waking up @ 5:30 in the morning for no reason 
@tweetnotpurge1 ah girl how long has she been back for? im sorry  ya i aslo hit a wobble this week but from yesterday jumped straight back
bored outta mi mind....missing dustin  next weekend gotta go to mi moms for bugs b-day party!!! but have to get a tetna shot on tuesday 
I guess its yet another day im not going to be able to lay out by the pool 
the day where I don't have to work until 4 &amp;finally get to sleep in im up early and can't fall back asleep lol ugh 
im not doing anything with my day  argh this is pretty boring now help me
my head huuuurts! i cant remember what happened yesterday. ROTL omg. guess im getting old... 
@Special_K25 thats wat i was thinkn. it was 2 hard 2 leave. i was havin 2 much fun. im hurtn 2day 
im tired arron was moving around soo much last night 
@purplecrayon84 im sorry  it ended up being a rough night... also my phone no longer works.
Leaving charlotte  off to stay with the fam for a week. #squarespace if I get an iphone ill be less likely to kill my dad....
@rebeccaaaaaaa ahh your so lucky your going to 2  the one im going to i got floor seats? soo im excited lol
oye vey. today is strictly a music writing day! im behind!!! 4 down....8 more to go  lol i can do! i think i can i think i can!
looks like im not getting a day off  was really looking forward to it... really upset about it
@cp007 the second years last day of term, and prob wont see some of them ever again. 
@ayoilly i was never jealous of cali car situation, but im filling up once every 8 days because everything is far from where i live 
ewwwwww im feeling sick!   now my party day is ruined! this suxs
cannot believe its 3 days till im back in rainy england, and cannot believe how sunburnt i am 
i hate homework. it's friggin' boring. me &amp; steph've been doing our music hw for over 7 hours now. 
omg i waved goodbye to my mommy and sister at 4 am in the morning im tired and i miss 'em ......   they're in vacations and i couldnt go!!
today is my boyfriends birthday and i dont think that im going ot be able to see him  crying!!!
@pilgrimfamilyuk im good, now im home!, had to go to ilford again today  sat nav said 10mins 4 miles, 1:30 later it said 5mis 2 miles, lol
@zebr0 im sorry  um, u should be excited. a weekend of fun. :]
@natalietracey i cant put the photos of ot on tonight and tomorrow im away so it will have to be next. ps i have hardly any texts left 
okay, i just twittered like 7  hours ago, im still tired,   what am i doing today!? lol, lets ask branden! 
@MaxineBoyle_x can you not just put her to bed and get a drink :^) aha nopeee im stayin in tonight  gettin a drink tomorrow tho haha!
holy shit - what an amazing chicago day. too bad im working 
omg last day sooon (n) ... of primary:'( noooooo  x im gona be swimming out of school wif the amount of tears am gona cry
hey guys! today is super nice out sunny and 80 here in lovely wisconsin...but im sick so i can't enjoy it  how is everyone elses day?
I can't blame ne one for not doin ne thing on my bday. J offered this morning &amp; I didn't get up. 
http://twitpic.com/7xixa - me and julia were twinz that day XD im blurrrry 
wats up yall busy 2day lizzie off 2 michigan fer da week no 1  2 talk 2  
packing now. party later. woohoo. man im busy. 
Doing lit essay at 7am in the morning... im soo tired  friggin only had 5hours of sleep in 2days.. i hate life
Has been asleep since 5pm and had now woken up  its like ive got jet lag but im just really ill with my cold and 2 late nights in a row!!
the day im dreading the most is coming up so fast  he leaves on tuesday
rees is coming the freaking days i won't be here  [my hair looks cool] leaving monday.
just got done eating way to much mexican food....uh im not gonna be any good for the rest of the day!!!     
is getting ready to eat dinner!im so incredibly bored without my 2 yr old being home! 
@TrinityRayne right now I'm on a lil vacation in new orleans...back to normal life tomorrow 
im so bummed that i dont have a ride to the boys like girls concert tonight. about an hour ago; i was on the verge of crying  im good now.
@ste_amnesiac im on lates next week geez not sure if i can make it 
me and the 11 year old im babysitting have the same taste in men. too bad he's in highschool  lol
infinity blues makes me want to cry. also, im sad all my friends went to nyc this weekend and im here alone 
Its sunday and im @ work?!  hopefully meeting ends soon so i can attend ma last service !
@erikaANGEL D: D: D: i would seriously be crying..im supposed to go this summer..im going to cry going past planet hollywood! 
http://twitpic.com/7yf88 - What im gonna watch while im stuck at home by myself for a week 
@Jaceon hahahah i barely remember calling you the other night.. im sad we won't have a class together in the fall.. i think thats a first 
nothing to do this weekend   so im catching up on g.g ep's!
@jonasbrothers wish i was there  probably wont see you this summmer
looks like im stayin home tonight  at least mother cooked
im here really looking forward to summer but need to find that special someone to make this summer a complete one 
summer sucks! i start drivers ed monday, REAAAAAAAALLY don't wanna go 
@bronxbabes sorry i wasnt home i was updating from my fone frmo dinner but im on vacation so its not gonna be great updates this week 
@cafepressmemaws no i wasnt home i was updating from my fone frmo dinner but im on vacation so its not gonna be great updates this week 
im sooo tired and i havent really done anything all day...im also sad that bookie has to go to work i need some cuddle time 
omgee im not goin sch today  &amp; goin for a contemporary dance performance later (: i hope i'll appreciate it .
wow... im leaving in exactly a week. and havent even seen all my school friends yet... oh well 
@johntanz im working &amp; i wanna be there!!  and my next day off is saturday! sooo we have to kick it next weekend so dont go anywhere! haha
so im back.. played football for 2hrs...too tired now.. also will hav to prepare lunch all by myself 
8 days till im 20! I think my ipod ran away from home, cant find it anywhere 
i wanna be at home in my own bed.  im just not in the mood to be spending the night somewhere else.
cant sleeeeeep! im ready to go home tomorrow! uugghh... i know it will be a long day tho  ugh
@minhteeeefresh im so sad i wasnt in on that session  all my little loves and i wasnt even supervising -_-
shit i gotta be somewhere in 3 1/2 hours 
happy fathers day... im too poor to get pops a gift tho 
@Afflictedwolf not sure if im going on friday  i was planning on both days but i had a fam thing come up on fri. thn it got canceled.
 no ones on myspace! I feel like im in my own world cuz I havent seen anyone! not even my parents for like 2 or 3 hours!
@BLAXICANNENA8 I'm on but not crackin tha mic  ill be on nex week tho
omg im so tired i got about 4hrs sleep last night 
@charliehamill bummer im workin  are you free anytime the week after this one??
im on the good computer  not the shitty one that kept crashing last night 
@Summercymru morning mr im ill 
when sugaR's out for dinner, im soo bored &amp; cold at home 
@_hayles cheapest i'm finding atm are like over a grand. dang  unless i marry a rich man in the next month it aint gunna happen
im so tired.. im so paranoid. cuz my dad said &quot;this is your last day of relaxing&quot; and i looked at the schedule. I have intense volleyball 
stayed up all night. went to work at 7, only to find out im in tonight..   fuck thattt!   im so tiiired.  i start in 40 mins  bloody work
@horizontaldance im just good(: lol brill night apart from my little angerness and terrible hungoverness 
im so tired  and absolutely horrified at the amunt of money i apent this weekend  im broke again 
home - will re-asses the amount ive put on in the morning 
im going to sleep now . its monday - going to accomplish something on my to do list today ! (making 2 minute noodles at my uni) haha lame 
feels bad that her daddy is spending fathers day fixing her car  hes the best tho, im so blessed!
2 more hours  im so exhausted im so tired,
@BAKAEDITZ o yeah im watching stupid sunday television whole day.... 
omgosh!! im left with a week! hate pangseh-ers!! 
@_JadeLakeasha thats remind me i gotta listen to lvatt i aint listened to it in 3 days cuz ive been at my grandmas house :| 
jus got back from football pratice gota do 7 on 7 two a days 
I don't feel like working for the next two days   but at least im making some monies 
@jillyjar11 ahhh im sorry my body was aching today!!  miss u tho...even tho im pretty sure i saw u last week?...oh well, miss u sis.
@Snarglepip uhhhh gawd... im officially broke...  When will I be seein yah again? ur jettin of this weekend yesh?
im packing for camp!!!! too bad its only 4 days 
IIIIIIIIIIII seriously dont know what im doing :/  i'll do it later   back to studying tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh TWO DAYS!
ah sweet im goin home; had a good day :]. ah gona c mah bf in a bit :] he leaves 2day though 
Waiting at walmart.  im not looking forward to today for some reason.
i know i was gunna say u should just call today bc im rly sick n im gunna b home all days 
I'm tired of doing the same routine everyday!!.......   -im tired-
i have the doctors on thursday &amp; im shitttting it 
Packing for tomorrow  no cable in nc at the house im staying at, no stores for twenty miles. Fml
i'm back in wisconsin. . gotta baby sit. .  $200 a week aint bad tho
worst day ever, best friend left im moving sat &amp;shell be back in august so wont see her til november hopefully  cried all dayy
so im broke     cooking dinner now
Wow i hardly twitter 2day....  once againg going to become busy...its not that i dont like wat im doing but its just annoying cuz i dont
im half asleep @ our christian bale night but lisa is still watching the machinst. i wanna go home already 
@LundenMichelle awww sweetty i cant..   i wish i can. my flight is @ 11:55pm im leaving to el salvador for 3 weeks
@miller_sc  Thanks! only 2 more days of it left before i gotta get back into the office 
@m_isme  im feeling better after sleeping for the whole day... are you asleep now?? I MISS YOU.
@laracroft25 you're the yoga queen aren't you?  LOL  have fun with that....im in class til 3 
@brianakatlyn but i work friday  what time are you going? it just hurts to wait that long! im so excited its out! but mmm alaskan tacos!
@Darealamberrose whats good ma! We met grammy weekend at the roosevelt hotel. We were supposed to hang out but i took ur number wrong 
Just got back from hunting!! I love when im running....you feel so free! *sigh* been a long and hard week 
why do i always feel like im having a bad day 
@kindstrangers GRACE! we better go see patrick wolf next year. im still super sad we missed the concert. 
so sunny 2day im so upset i cant go outside as i have 2 revise 
Ugh had a long day and im soo tired but i cant go home until 5 
I am trying to relax because im so sore from yesterdays workout. 
head hurt--im on chill mode till da weekend idk dependin on how i feel aint been feelin 2well all week 
finished my book yay!! 3 days left eep im soo excited although i dont get to see until like a day after i get home 
everyones gone back home again.  fab day today tho, hardly any uni, alot of 'new moon' and dinner with kim&amp;steven.
@KatelynMurphy no im not working  its my only day off.
i made mcdonalds lose $1.57 cents today...im gunna get fired 
uhhhh i had to clean the beach house all day  im tired now 
im gonna be offline till julyy. , im going to florida, i will be on tomarrow to say goodbye. todays my last day to be on and talkk 
@verastic i am one hour late.... gosh cant believe i missed it!!!!!!!  just got on the sute while u were signing off
@peterfacinelli i've been made redundant 2day, im soooo sad but i kno a msg from dr.cullen wud make my day 
@JUSTlilMARMAR ha I am cool jerkkkkk... I aimed you yesterday &amp;&amp;no response  howis ur new A U S S I E life.. lol
@michul i cant goooo tomorrow  and holy fuck i am a fucking lobster. im completely red 
@milamilas i dont have tylenol here cause i never have fever or headaches  amanda arrives tomorrow and shes bringing me though 
im looking thru old pics from 3 years ago: our trip to great america, july bday bbqs, random hangouts.what happend? i miss those days 
has dentist tomorrow  so im off to bed now nighty night xx
@BriBri123 too damn much!!! lol, im tired. I only slept for 2 hours 
@capitaln im supposed to have a free day in dc, but im getting cut off the line 
if theres not a jamba juice in florida i will be CRANKY. i haven't had one since last summer 
my last night with my cousins before they go do their tour. im sad. ha ive stayed here for like every night for the past couple days.  sad
it's my last full day in rome.  im going to miss this place.
so im leaving in 4 days 
@Andys184 shes in connecticut all weekend son. 
im sooooooooooo bored and i miss mike.  little over a week and he will be home
3 in the morning im off to bed now...nuit blanche is done 
morning off to skool headteacher in 2 of our lesson im not trusted 
i need a wee and im on the bus for hours 
@yznw i no - i had a hard time at the clinic yesterday  .. they asked me signed and filled up 2 forms to verify im nt infected H1N1 (yet)
saw pink last night and she rocked! but im crook now got a damn cold 
i leave in one week! excited but im gunna miss everyone sooo much! 
tn to wake the hubby for range, but they had a late range yesterday and hes only had about 5hrs sleep  poor baby
@SianWhitlock ahh weird. oh it just says on kols facebook that they've got some but i think its like today....im not sure. eww prom day 
@almaviva i dont think i can make it this weekend.  im sorry.....
ok, ima just head to bed...im not even done studying way too hard...accounting midterm today 
@daxigrey That's the prob, innit? I had a lineful out yesterday and now, it's just lying there...waiting to be ironed. 
@donnamaaarie im cutting my hair tomorrow donnuhh 
havent tweeted in a while been busy ish lol but im sat at home ill naw  but off to school tomorrow for lastt day =D
@paulinespassion morning hun! im tired and have tooth ache  wisdom tooth is poping its way into the world :'( and you?
I still cant believe im goin back to work, its the start of the summer hols and folk are goin abroad, soooooooo jealous 
im really sick  miss all my lovely friennds ! holidays soon, and i just set up the house internet.
-__- garh..  at the rate im going..a month from now i'll prolly have a job =O! ooh sucks to grow up this fast
can't sleep... I've been up since 11:50pm yesterday... and i haven't gone to sleep or taken a nap. im so tired but i can't sleep!!! 
noo only 3 minutes left of internet  i miss everysingle one of you. have fun at school tomorrow while im riding sheep here in new zealand.
i think i'll go to my gran's again today. im so sick of being stuck in myself 
okay so im 17 in like 2 weeks! ahhh im getting sooo old 
now i feel really bad about not going to school tomorrow  im sorry alys
ok im done chatting with mom. She just had to have her 2nd shoulder surgery!  Now im going 2 bed gotta go to work by 1:30pm.
waiting 4 another job 2 come,,, while im so droop..  and d worst is this weekend im working!  huuuaaaaaaaaa...
!ts my fr!day and !ts already dragg!n b/c ! d!dnt get any sleep 
;_; was taxd nearly half my wages.  dnt thes ppl realise im g2g on holiday next week
@justmonique im dying to go but i cant cause im manager thurs nyts  BUT im takin the night off for the stealing o'neal
another night of sleeping like shit, this has gotta stop 
@matthewjpateman im goin the same way,felt fine this morning,slowly but surely as day goes on im getn worse!  hate hangovers.....
Is it possible 2 be bored on ur 1st day of ur holidays!!! ?? 
aw snap, win7 discounts tomorrow?  goodbye checkbook   http://tr.im/pIT5
job interview in like an hour.. im up too early 
I have a whining, teething sick grand baby today, it's going to be a long day  http://ff.im/4qdig
Has a 10 minute rule for english class... If im not here before 8:40 or i get locked out  hahahaha
Practicing 4 my singing next week im so nervous! I wish i didnt have so much homework to finish tho 
im off to lbaq training day 2. 
I wish i was at the beach im stuck in the doctors 
@iiHeartShana cuz ima only b with u for 2 days 
annas over i feal like im about to throw up i drank to much last night 
@liiveguddiebadd im ok.. i been mad busy the past week and a half.. but im bac! lol n i was serious about that :-p cant be slackin 
@BAMbam_12 word  uggghh im doing well pretty anxious for this performance tonight.
these instructions are from stinksville. at the end of day one it's rovio: 1 jerry: 0. stay tuned.... paging dr @propmasta, america's cto 
@shaundiviney im having pizza tonight too  hehe.
its a super foggy creepy night out.... im glad im safe in my bed 
finally on holidays  YAY! cant wait till the weekend cause im going camping at a farm with the fambam +keisha and amee 
@crazykaren yeah  love the caramellow ones!!! only two more days intil easter break .... im so excited, the stress of school left behind!
@MissSmashlee oh not alot, uni, working, same as just about everyone. handed in the first assignment in over a year on friday, was crazy 
Actually ive been wanting to be able to put dowwn my thoughts as im thinking them for years now. So this is just what i needed 
@TheRealJayMills i see u put me b4 @deewoodz this morning like ur suppose to  lol
im so happy tweetdeck didnt die on  me d whole morning....keep twitting 
h0me 0n an effin friday night!! wat a life LOL ... well at least am n0t h0me al0ne.. g0t mii lil hunnii wiit me  ....
omg!!!!!!!..im still up but goin to bed now.....im tired but my friend will most likely stay up all night 
haha greattt day !!!  mwhahahaha im naughty ;P
still playing. its such a nice day im away outside to study 
Just wake up,because at 11 im going to the beach fun but im going to come back exhauted well im ready for breakfast 
got back from my jog whooooo im tired haha its a nice day outside though going 2 friendly shops mayb 
good morning world. im heading to meet my death for a hr. right now 
didnt get home til about 630 in the morn....so yeah, im exhausted...but imma still bang out some good stuff 
@RegiSor ahh! 12hrs! wait, are u in canada or was it an2nette? im quite confused w/ the state initials LOL. yeah we wake up at 4-5pm. 
im watchin sex and the city.  but mom keeps changing it. feels like friday. =[
im going to bed now.. my eyes are practically shutting!  night! x
@waraney: thx ney. But its my weekly schedule actually  u hv a gr8 day too!
im hoping that everything will be alright by next week 
@superjerry7 im glad and you had a pretty swell day  lol
@acookietoeat @cherryx2boomx2  im coming to see you in less than a week! 
@Sabbyaz aaah... busy nite huh? who's da lucky man? ;) dnt worry, i got abt 4 hours too coincidentally, n im fine zzzzzzzzzz............! 
i went to see the circus tour  im going monday too ;)
1:32 A.M. goin to sleep even though im not tired.. lol good night 
@EmmaElekid yea im hoping so, should be good, i have a month to get a friend  hah
@JadeLovesJB haha i was only joking  im sure youll have a lovely day  x
@tommcfly just have a lazy day  six days til glasgow  im listening to jason perry sing  you looking forward to the tour? xxx
@samanthaw80 im done this tuesday  hang out next week yoo.
oh god i finally found what im going next year! 
im chillin at poppa docs for the weekend.... we missed the tornadoes 
morning all! im running so late for church, i will tweet ya on the way there 
our first sunny day ... HAHA ...SUUNNDAY oh yeya!! im a genuis! 
im going to spend all day studying math 
what a beautiful day in seattle, so im doing indoor rock climbing. 
@perki i shall be returning to the library on thursday, after two months of being away from the place  hehe
im lisening too friday night and i love his song its one of my faves lol 
im having a relaxing day 
im finally going to bed! we will see how tomorrow goes being 4/2o and all in santa cruz ill let you guys know well goodnight!  foad is bac
@prediketflowz gooood morning!  im just hear strumming along to whatever videos playin on vh1 lol
@celebritymound good mornin!!!! What R u up 2? im getting off work in 2 hours 
lovely day 4 sittin round being lazy....so glad im nt in school while evry1 else is 
@maddieeeeee haha i fell asleep last night but its ok, im staying home today  haha!
Leaving for school...im suprisingly wanting to go....i think todays gonna be a good day! 
im off to sleep as i have to get up at 6:15 am tomorrow morning for school ! ahh. goodnight twitter, i love miley cyrus 
have all a's b's c's and 1 d  not going to schoolio tomorrow john broke up witt chey  hehe this day just keeps getting better happy 420
slept in this morning  11 hours of sleep! thats gotta be a personal record!
im done for the day hahaha i worked i worked out fubolandia and now rest 
alcohollll.... lol!!!  no im not an alcoholic I only drink on days that end in Y .. lmfao!!!
245 lbs. as of 2 weeks ago...im happy 2 say that as of 2day im 232! i lost 15 lbs!  im so happy  wish me luck 2 get 2 a healthy weight!
@itanex tru... but tomorrow im going to it with ladies... 
@joek949 morning!  i know..they were beautiful! really looking forward 2 summer!im fed up w/ this school!!
@whatsdafus yeah im going inside it this afternoon 
im going to bed  night all XD
is loving the weather   im off camping sleeping rough tonight lol
I think my tummy raged war on me today and after a 10 hour battle i think in the end i won..because im still alive.. 
@marge0256 im asleep and finding a new job kc in the morning haha. bsta we will 
so i have seen the hannah montana move 2 times and it came out yesterday, is that a good thing? oh and im seeing in on monday aswell! 
@taylorswift13 im seeing you in four days loveeeeee 
got ma internet bak  but dobbs has apparently signed for swansea  and we got humped so an inbetween day
I can't way to go home and go to bed im soo exited haha  and tommorrow should be the best day ever!!
but new stuff comes out in about a month hope you like it  http://ff.im/2xwGq
well, if I'm going to be doing reports on the weekend, I may as well do it comfortably. Here's my view   http://pic.im/2A4
@MrsMcFlyGrimmy yeah were are lol I'm going next sunday so a week today  im well excited aha xx
good morning world. i have no idea why im up this early. lets chat. hit the cell if you wanna. 
what homework @anissapramudita ? why our teacher doesnt like to give us a day without hw unless we dont do that hw hehe 
my eyeballs are stinging. but im staying up all night  mum said i might not have to go to school tomorrow yipee. i hink im going anyway :S
@drumaddict1 mornin sweetie. no im not but last 2 yrs i go twice a year but im georiga born 
@jemmamb im seeing them on tuesday in croydon!  cant wait! did you go to hammersmith? write back 
gettin ready for church  im tired n sunburned tho lol i went swimmin for 4 hours yesterday, it was fun!
@trohman its a filler....lol..ahahhahahah but srsly, you guys did awesome last night, im so happy! 
@jamesbebored EXACTLY what i was thinking lol  but now this week im the cheezit dumbass
@cdlowell 5.5 hours and counting  nice mac btw.
im going to sleep...  it's already 11:19 in the evening here in the Philippines... so im really sleeping late.. 
last night was sooo worth the way im feelin now... 
sunday is stay home day and that's wat im doin lolz 
john the day just started!  im baby sitting nowowowow
buying hosting for a new website im working on! gona be awesome. not going to be finsihed for a loooong time tho 
@ROXfeelsLOVED its 8:08pm here lol XD i went shoppinggg todayy D spent bout $100.. haha im going again on saturday  u?
What a nice sunset tonight.  http://twitpic.com/4im99
Four months till my birthday.  hahaha. im only turning 19 though
@mama_cholo thats wassup.  im tryna plan me a big week and do some big things in that week im back in hawaii   i dont want a boring daylol
morning people...my 6 week training programme starts today lol owell at least im not aching now from mcfly  mcfly in june woop woop xx
@shaundiviney u no there was no point pointing it out yesterday and ppl had 2 wait til midnight .... they were kinda pissed 
i finished new moon  in 1 day all up. maybe less, im quite proud, now who wants to lend me eclipse haha
Just got home from my date omg so much fun im excited 
im with andrew  it was a long, but fun day 
morning all, im off to sell 1.3 million quids worth of pproperty, well, i hope to, if i do i owe you all a drink on my commission 
uup  morning, off to school. see ya xxx
skipping school w/ carleigh today, both of us barley got an hr of sleep last nite. i got a new bby kitten! shes all black 
hmm i dont know what to do today....cause im done with school...and it feel great 
hmm i dont know what to do today....cause im done with school...and it feels great 
Welll my folkiesss(; im offf to dream land;work in the mornin;ugh;ewwy. Talkkk to me;but tomorrow  &lt;3 lurvee ya'll[;&gt;
now the party begins  prob wont be tweeting again tonight even tho im guessing we'll be up for hours, gnight everyone
More pictures! It was such a pretty day  http://tr.im/kWOD #fb
@bioncaaa  so thats how u spent ur weekend so far? 
good party last night!! im glad i went 
@mileycyrus hey! i think you're really awesome, hehe. these past few days i read your book miles to go btw. it's really good 
all the moms we've gotten in so far look so happy n relaxed!  (im so exhausted) another 11hr shift 2day
KDUK announces top 32 for baby idol tomorow morning! im nervous! lol i hope jaylynn makes it  
dark room high  im learning how to develop my own photos today.  im sooo excited.
im sleepy... looking forward to starting my new job tomorrow  hehe
@JosephDeFazio the minimum im allowed to go in a week is atleast 1 day so im cleared 
im soooo ready for the weekend 
@amandapones well that sucks haha , we dont have summer school so im safe haha. but im sure you will do fine your a bright girl  &lt;3
home from school. getting ready for late night! yewwww  whos going? haha im getting food for tomorrow.
im trying to figure out this new stuff i know id be addicted to in a few days 
ok so im up. thats got to be a start. more studying today. exam imminent. as is my freedom. thinking of friday @ 4pm 
 having a good night! hehe almost time to get homegirl and come home and sleep! im so damn sleepy... =(
238 at @meliaaa's &amp; still awake haha mr. stay up for 26 hours finally got tired. haha ilovehim  que, each your heart out. lol
@gfalcone601 im not feeling to well this morning, i have a migraine . . Hows you? 
@clarisseee hahaha nar not today  but after school for schoolies woo! your a funny one! im just chilling out! partying it up on the couch!
work blows.. tg im off now.. time to smoke a cig then go home.. 
summer camp!! WTH. im super excited! 
good night ! im sleepy now .. 2morrow nlng  
ok im going to head to bed now and read night all 
@DavidArchie hi,have you already adjusted to the timezone here? are you having diffuclty in sleeping at night? im just wondering 
@im_mature except, in your world, 'for the rest of the night' means 'for the next 3.7 seconds.' 
for real? im so going thats like 2 hours away, im so going, you'll recognize me cause ill be the one screaming the most 
just twittered now. this morning, we went to church. im blessed now. weeeh ! anyway, 8 days to go for my bday  ayee !
finally in oregon!!!!!!!! omg!!!! yay!!!!! tiredness. good night. 
open JRockets tomorrow but off at night  mmm.. im thinking star trek. movie buddy??
spent day at baby's and just got back from cat's. im soo tired. but ice cream will make it all better  goodnite bitches.
im so tierd. im looking forward to tomorrow   &amp;carlos hella took care of me.silly me. it felt like sunday. i took the best shower today&lt;3
@LucyBloxam im really sad you didnt come out with me for the night but i lovesd mt cupcakes 
had a brilliant time at the auto test yesterday  but i came 9th out of 10!! haha im nt very good at driving fast!!
@PJsauyo thanks!  LOL... there's time tho.. it's just 8 pm... hehhhee im pretty much drunk right now.... drunk twitting ahahahah
Having a trackies day, woop, im chaving it 
has just woke up.. what a night... im gettin too old for this 
@MrsMcflyGrimmy awh im the same! I gave up on it now ha do it in the morning  xoxox
gahh i cant belive i havnt revised all day. sheesh im going to fail. i blame myself really haha. 
@ukgirlie but i do tweetie. my hair is sticking up, im only in my skivvies, and i havent shaved. im a sunday morning mess 
@emmakatiee noo i've been doing photography since 3 but im going to do that later tonight  i just need to get my scanner working x
@eddieabdullah im in a better mood now from earlier. im super excited. gametime is getting closer. no one can rain on my parade now! 
ino like   im startin the maths again, i started at two and ended at 2 30 lol its after lunch 2morro so we'll have time in the mornin ;S
@songbookbaby you just brightened up my day  im fine mami how are you?
just a reminder...im not going to school tomorrow....ha... 
long day in nyc!! sooo tired!!!!! no school tomorrow  ... what happened celtics?? kinda mad but im excited to watch lebron vs. melllo!!!!!
im awake! k night, please pray that my legs feel better tmrw morning.  &lt;3
@Jonasbrothers u r awesome! im so excited about the concert on tuesday cant wait to hear ur new stuff good luck at the conocert tomorrow 
im goin to bed since my dad yelled at me to get to bed over an hour ago. 
@gedchocoholic of course i am  haha and no im not always online, probably like 80% of the day =p
Insted of oing to the carnival im goin to ottos for a movie night 
morning  im off to school and todays weather is kinda nice 
ok this little twiggy is going to bed. im exhausted good night all 
@itsNICKJONAS i cant wait to see you this tuesday! im so excited! =D i love you u_u reeaaaally! 
@geehall1 why is it a pity?  im heading up to melbourne again tomorrow for a few hrs. Now gotta find free tourist stuff.
@CHIOMA_ happy birthday hope you have a blessed day &amp; dont let no ratchets ruin your day cus im gon need thm to run that fade,legalize me 
@majormorgan dude love to - except im on a plane to vietnam that day 
@racquel_xx SCMANDY  im upset i didnt get to see you work your magic today at lunch ;)
@Sianz i heel (hear) ya!  pfffffft its too early for this :p im no good on monday mornings 
im going sleepies now - too much excitement for one day 
@StephenMulhern hey stephen,im just watching this morning  hope your ok  x
@Critania awesome!  I've decided im gunna go to the states not for blink..next year insted.
@SMMpharmd ohhhh im totes jeal of you now hahha im gonna have a good weekend though 
im gnna go out  see you in an hour, or two
im ill =( nt at skool  might nt b in all week
goodmorning world! thanks to Jahovah im awake dis morning 
i always look forward to #musicmonday! this is great..  im all giddy again. happy monday everyone! 
@xienel 6 days to go b*atch! hehe. 
im going to have a shower whilst gossip girl buffers  mufti day tomorrow (N)
and this is when my night ends shit im tired gn tweeeeties! 
@amazingphoebe tomorrowwww, im doing nothing, I dont start school till wednesday 
planning the &quot;im too sick to go to school tommorow mummay&quot; fingers crossed it works  caus i havent finished my homework..
So im uber excited for next week! 
@juniorvasquez have a diva day at reliant! im outies! 
English exam on friday went gooood! im hooooora gettin an A 
gooood morning twitterworld! longggg drive to sj, workout, then schoolio.  im hungrrrry.
i went to bed early enough last night so im not that tired this mornin 
has a proper date tonight - ooooo im actually excited 
@LilEmoBoi like wtf O_O its ehm.. 10.50 in the morning here now XD yay at 12.00 im goin to a meeting 
Finally my day has ended and im am turnin n now...goodnite/mornin'....  
We are going shopping today!! yay!  And im going to spend shit loads of money!!! Mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
@vighnesh hehe .. chalo dar to laga kamsekam tumhe ...  ab 5 day week ?
@professorgreen kindred wrong en' - thats why I follow your twits all day long 
 im back, but now going offline seeya guys  have fun on twitterrr~  night lvoe ya.
t-24 hours until chris's arrival in paris 
@PinkLady15 oh im dead ive done like 56 kilometers so far this week!!!! and it not over ive still got 2 trainning session left!!! 
wooohoo tomorrow im going to &quot;seribu island&quot; with my fam 
im at my mams on my laptop had a busy morning peeps x 
only 9 more days till presets concert. oh yeahh im so pumped 
helping make a garden at my school today. wearing my obama shirt  hopefully it doesn't get too hot because im wearing jeans.
im 18 years old for tonight  hahaa.
@dangerphil thank you im loving it, got a field trip on sunday to go rice planting!!!! haha im excited 
music, im diggin it. gettin heard too.  networking for the past couple of weeks and its going well. very well.
@beckylovesmcfly heeeeeeyyyyyyyyyy twas great ill see you in bout half an hour after i write this cus im coming down to school to see you 
so much for sleeping in but at least im off on a beautiful day 
just got back from two days on the road....but im as happy as can be!!! 
On my way to school, im hella tired from the party last night lol...congrats class of  '09!!! 
im getting ready 4 memorial weekend ! 
4 o'clock and im done!! cya laters!! 
@wearethescore ive broke up from school so im off for a week, so im just gunna have lie ins over the weekend  what have u got planned?
@carmadee gurl im an insomniac haha. i do my best work at night. but u should be sleep so u can get ur beauty rest for ur big day! 
can someone pls call in sick for me tomorrow! -- im not ready to go back yet, 4 days off is NOT enuff seriously... but still need my job 
im like 120 hours past my bedtime thanks to the atl trip. goodnight tweethearts 
@chyslop damn, maybe i should have tweeted after the interview, they probz wont give me as im going to maga in 2 weeks 
http://twitpic.com/65wa0 - got my red bull...im ready to party tonight 
@samamie_tee bounce by the cab. im listening to it 
im so tired. im going to the zoo in the morning! i havent been there in years! 
excited about how fucking wasted im gunna get tomorrow night   (yeah... weekend alcoholic)
@irenecarag what time's the show? haha! im going to moa talaga on saturday 
@crrystalbabe :\ im visiting in the summer 
im excited.  its a good day!
@soulexplicit yes youre madd late. lol. but just for the week. im heading back on sunday. you should come visit me. 
@aidalusion i think im going to go to sleep now.. (so tired  ) .. but i will talk to you tomorrow  .. and im looking 4ward 2 your songs
im eating a cantalope and drinking a redbull, 5 hours left of work 
im up, &amp; showered! now i have an hour to do my make-up, dry my hair &amp; get dressed. sorted. i might pack my bag for today too 
im going 2 see night at the museum 2 tonignt...  pretty phsyced...   
theres really good music on mtv's 2 am playlist  im going to bed, tomorrow the concert yehoww!
im glad mom is home today... not fair she gets a week away and i have exams, sulk. lol and im gonna go watch my rugby boy later    
Getting a tour of the eye tracking lab today  http://tr.im/mLz6
good morning  im ready for a new day xx
I just got my @jonasbrothers tickets in the mail today!! im soo excited to be in the front row!! 
