Most common words for this cluster:
[('im', 1120), ('lol', 30), ('sorry', 27), ('work', 23), ('u', 21), ('na', 18), ('haha', 17), ('amp', 16), ('com', 12), ('today', 11), ('school', 10), ('http', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Im', 0.999997615814209), (u'im', 0.766855776309967), (u'Iam', 0.7011085748672485), (u"'m", 0.6628111004829407), (u"I'am", 0.6454582810401917), (u'youre', 0.6409851312637329), (u'lol', 0.6273995041847229), (u'Ok', 0.6169723868370056), (u'hes', 0.6153683662414551), (u'i', 0.6076306104660034)]





@JonathanRKnight Awww I soo wish I was there to see you finally comfortable! Im sad that I missed it 
@lenesha but Im not feeling well, mommy... 
@mostazzza Im sorry I've failed you 
Im up guys  lloll
just after waking up.. Im tired 
off work yay Im so tired 
OK Im off to bed again 
Im superrr tired this morning  I want breakfast!
Im cooooold 
Im so sad i lost my ipod 
Im back from the beach  I didnt want to leave
Im so sick of bein lonely 
Wish i could watch! Im out of town and only mobile   *_*
@selenaxjonas Awee, not fair  Im sorry.
Im going to bed misserable   
Im not feeling the love!! 
@legmar double fail! U went to #whataburger without me?!? Im a sad panda 
Im never getting out of work 
Watching Slaughtered.  Im scared!
@oliviastener Im sorrrry  Thats my fault 
Im so sad my dog died yeasterday 
Im so tired and i cant go to bed. 
@CherubNKOTB Im sad i went to the show and didn't got the afterparty... was just too tired and hot 
Im on stupid register today 
i'm sleepy...but I can't be screwed going to bed. Im also thinking that my tooth is going back to where it was before braces 
@maxxie91 what does it mean, I have no idea lol. well done you, Im on graphics 
Im making a video but the pereview is showing all pixle like 
Im not doing much... mostly bored 
Im almost in ohio.. But there is hardcore traffic.. 
Im very very sad 
@LishaKatherine so true! Im miss talking to you 
@gfalcone601 Im not going to the tour at all  xx
Im really liking this girl but its really difficult  gah this is confusing
Im already finished dinner. 
Im so looking forward to going home, even though Im all alone again.  
Ive just lost two followers in about a minute. Im obviously not cool or exciting enugh to be followed 
Im awake, but I dont want to be 
Im so hungry i actually feel sick 
@snowtiger86 Have fun  Im not going to ucap tour 
@PaulaJoye Im in pain just looking at it 
Im dead, 
I was checking my email...hrrrr....Im so boooooored!!!  i miss my school
@hairrocks Im not 
@mohammade My apollogise  Im noramlly pretty good ;)
Im sad. I dont think anything can cheer me up right now. 
@OfficialJoBros yes I do but Im not sure how to send links 
@claudiav3 I know! Im never on when it happens! 
Im looking at hot topic products. @-) Ahh so bored. 
i just got tweetdeck - Im not sure I like it though.... 
Im out of donughts..    
@MzPickett Im confused 
Im soo bored now  x
Im on the road to nowhere 
How long more will raf be done with her hair. Im so bored.....! 
@suavewreck...smh I jus got it....u kno Im slow 
wide awake and Im not feeling well 
Lightning , Im so scared 
@FreightTrainn Im tired today! And i have to go to work in 15 mins  you?
Im not feeling myself atm 
Im so sad   i need a friend
Im struggling to buy my textbook... 
Its 3am. Im still on the road. Im coming home. I miss them already. 
Im up..cant sleep..bored..and this still sucks  ..
Im up im in so much pain 
Im bored now  what to do?
Im so hungover,it is horrible  bad times!!!
@yaseminx3 Im jealoussss  i wanna see it againnn
I think Im ill 
Im atad worried about harry, he flew into the wall. 
Im sad. Im no longer portia's intern 
I should be home now. Im still 2 hrs away  
@VINNIESWE Im bored  i left memphis round 3
Someone text me! Im so bored and lonely 
@LyndseaMichelle  you could of emailed  Im always the last to know.
Im cursed with natural 80's bangs 
@daikou no  Im dead poor
@jonasbrothers I completely missed the premiere of J.O.N.A.S, Im sad 
Im obsessed with ipod apps. 
Im sooo tired and have homework 
Im officially outbid 
i?C.B+T.H|| Im so tired 
@beachnerbum its sad  Im so glad he is sober now!!
Im sad that i missed steve o tonight... 
Im so confused,i dont know what to do.Its so hard for me to go to bed,especially with all these memories with you going through my head! 
thinking of you, sunshine.. Im missing you.. 
Im bored, its cold and I really need bread and cheese 
Im glad that i didn't break my knee! But it sure feels like i did 
Im so confused. 
@TracySus haha Im still pissed we never found that pool 
Im completely exhusted...its only 5.15pm and im ready for bed 
Im soo not happy 
@marginatasnaily Im afraid I think you are right 
Im still not sure how all this works!  
@flawdagator too bad Im not one of those 
Im teething  my gums hurt.
@Markbutlurk: who bailed on what? Im bored and nosey 
Im such a dumbass 
Im a sad mood 
Whats going on? Im very confused 
@zephyrabc123 Yes, it has.  Im trying. soon hopeful.
Im in montreal !! I miss my dog 
now Im full and I got tomato sauce on my shirt 
Im sad cause me buddy stopped talking to me.... 
@luddet and Im missing my Dechaos 
@PinkElephant73 trust you haha... Im laying in bedddd i want a hugggg 
Im in school.   And it sucks so bad 
It's 6:49....Im still awake 
@shanrotica Im really jealous!...no seriously, I am. 
Im really freakin bored! 
@kcofficial What did I do to get blocked? Im deeply sorry for whatever it is I did. 
@omgitismanda Im sorry  what are you up to?
Im sleepy..ready for my bed..that i wont be in for another 3hrs at least 
@erikkobus No but I really wanted to! Im not allowed to go to anymore shows for a while. 
Im not tired! What the hell! 
I hate essays. Im not good at them 
Leaving for the airport. Im so tired 
@wanderinghotel @miremaistin WHERE are you guys? Im so bored  gggrrrrrr
Im woke yet im so very tired 
@cianjg Its not a laughing matter!!! Im only mourning his death now. 
Im not having a very good day 
@meeshybob Aww  Im also starving... didn't have lunch as I was in my exam !
Im still so tired..i want to go back to sleep 
Im confused 
Whats the deal my twiggaz....Im lonely already 
Im disappointed i can't go shopping. 
I wanna go somewhere. Im bored 
Im gonna fail the core 40 
Im really bored with no followers. 
Im so not awake right now  feel for me...
Im down now 
Ughhh men suck  that's why Im single!
Im going away to walk in the rain  more tweets later ;)
Should reach office in another 20 mins.. Im late 
Tired, so so tired, feel like im dying, just kidding!!! Im not dying, just really tired 
Im so tired, getting ready then off to school. 
Im so tired. I hate when i randomly wake up and cant go back to bed 
Im studying for the exams... 
So I slept...but Im still tired 
Im n bed, but alone 
I just realize that Im an horrible friend. 
@theprince23 Im afraid not boo. lo siento  it's only a day though
Im the only 1 in science  xox
Craving regular lays,   im fat. Im so hungry :/
Im soo confused 
Im in a realy bad mood 
Uuuuuugh! Im tiiiiiiired 
Im the only one on my row, 
;( but in america I was like--a's and b's!!  Im sad.
@Riskysod Im sorry, he will be missed 
@ramses113 yeah...that's why Im not sure about going....    
Feeling lonely. Im lonelier than i thought 
@herrowitsjess aw  Im sorry
Im in pain 
Im fed up 
@7angela7 Im going away for the next 1 to 3 weeks.dont know yet. Im not sure I'll have the internet   when I get back though I'll see them
Im not looking forward to tomorrow 
Im sorry to all that i was chatting with....the internet started acting up.  i miss my computer.  
Im just soooo....blah today.   Could it be because I have been up since 3:00 am.
Im now officially concerned that the leeches that attacked me may have given me some really weird disease 
Im still awake and i dont want to be awake 
@befjam but Im never there 
Im buzzin and scared 
but I wanted to meet Dwighty before Im gone 
Im tired and waiting for levi to call 
Im awake but i got a curfew till schools out sorry 
Is trying to get into twitter but Im hooked on facebook. 
@freshypanda Im sorry  I don't think I stick out, at least compared to what I used to look like.
Playn madden with austin. Im going to miss him.. 
To all my friends: Im deeply sorry i'm moving, i will miss u all so very very much!   
@monroejnicole Im goodie. I feel like we are so disconnected 
@iAmiAdam Hes away longer then me. Im only away for a few hours 
Im going in now, it looks like the sun has gone 
it's you and me forever ?, it's you and me right now   flywithmeobsessive. Im crying 
@noiseporn Would defo have done that but Im already booked over t'other side of the country 
@crystaaale dude, that's eff'ed up. LOL @ chris browning you. We live so far apart and Im afraid to fly 
@paulineee: I know!! Im so excited. We cant go earlierrr than the afternoon?  I love you tooz &lt;3
Im sad right now becuz of my lady 
Shouldn't sit weirdly at the pc, I know Im going to hit the deck once I get up 
I need to burp ....  Im so nauseas....
Im in science!! very boring 
Im so tired. And its so gloomy  what happeened ro summer?
@chezery and Im just going into work... if we were married, we wud never see each other 
@ellyaway I know june 2010...  but its gonna be so good. Im going to se it even if im 20 when it comes out.
Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much... 
@mitchelmusso Im sad i cant go. it makes me sad 
@shipperz Im alive..lol ooooo  youre not here 
@tinabby Got that right! And i know when I found out she wasn't coming i cried!  It really sucks but Im still happy she headlining  now!
Im on my way to brookings 
Im going bed i dnt feel well as always 
Im really in the mood to go on a date 
@nickwall0 Im not bannished... but I am at work till 6 
@nataliejanette Im so jealous that Im not going to blogher 
Im a loner  haha suckss
Im so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test 
Im had to leave early to go to piccolo practice. 
Im not happy 
I am tired tired tired, I think Im getting sick.  
Im not friends with anyone anymore 
Im moving to canada 
Im lonely werkin 
@NikkiBenz I want to chat with you in Im some day. 
Im hungry and its cold 
@itsjenwilliams Im at work! 
Im going to m-i-s-s-i-s-s-p-p-i 
@dlmhippy Sadly Im not joking and I really do need it 
My brothers graduating!! Im so freakiin' sad 
@manicminute if you're old....Im ancient 
Im so excited for school to be out. I want to be a youtuber 
@nialater Exactly! Im just abt to sleep 
@lilmomz  Im puking &amp; have fever
@backstreetboys Im so sad 
Im sad because Nuggets lost 
@AustinWilde Im sad that it wont be me lol 
I feel sooooo lame! I just woke up and Im pissed as shit that i didnt go out! 
wants to warm up Im so cold ................. 
@letscall_l I know. I read it. now I want chapter 11!!  haha Im quite impatient....
@TariAkpodiete Im not sure but this really sucks....sad &amp; unfortunate... 
@chi22ko Im bored, I wish I could be bored with u 
Im going to bed &amp; @JordanZac that suclks 
Im very sad that they have to humanely euthanize the whales that have beached 
Im terribly hungry 
Im so bored iv'e lost focus and intrest and don't know what im typing 
Im so pissed off that i have to revise inside 
 no i really need a job . Im so pissed right now
Im really worried now  Blahhhh
@JASMiNEdEE awwww maann!!! JASMINE! I would NEVER say that abt u!! Lol... Im hurt. 
Im up not feel'n well going to the hospital 
Im getting dressed to go to work... Yay! 
I couldn't even make it to work this morning...Im horribly hungover! 
@CMackey23 I think Im on punishment tonite  L0L!
Im honestly scared. it's bothering me  we'll see what happens
@teasertrailer Im trying to watch it but nothing comes up    xxxx
is currently at the dentist and wants to die argh! Im scared 
Im studing history for a exam 
@TNGolfergirl Im totally in the dark about this - I didnt get the email 
Im burnt to a crisp  
Im so sad i dont wanna leave 
Im so lazy to update my blog 
@lilgary take what back? Im lost  lol
O how I want 2 do sumthing but he's @ wrk and Im @ hm 
just ate some sweet potatoes... Im starving 
@coollike Im sooo jealous....I wanna go 
The more i listen to any other music the more i realise that sabaton are so much better than them &gt;_&lt;.. Im addicted 
I feel terrible! Im so congested! 
@jessicakorman I know the feeling. Im a twitterholic 
Im in so much pain...this sucks. 
@SentimentalMood @NIABCHICAGO I live right around the corner from there so Im always there! Unfortunately Im at work at the moment..... 
Im at ichiban and not eating 
@CloudzAngel There are crazy people out there.  I can't believe that happened.    Im so sorry.   Im thinking about you guys
im trying to get my phnoe to work. Im aggravated with it  its not working right. but other than that im doing absolutely nothing.
Im a hill. 
@stinaweena08 thats what I'm doing too....i miss you and Im depressed come over 
Ugh, i dont like making people sad at all   Im sawy
Im really bored. i have to study...... 
Im not worth the time? 
Im exhausted 
Im going to miss the puppets 
@KoolQua lmao Im slackin on twitter they dont like me on herr' on myspace Im at 4,000 lmaooooooooooooooo  ....
Suiting up now. However Im spotting because my armor broke. 
Im depressed &amp; its rly pathetic why 
I just watched click and cried  ugh. Im so mad at that Fuhface.  ugh
Im stuck upsidedown on this carni ride 
Im frightened as to why all those whales beached themselves.  mass-ive suicide.
Im going through @bbbbrittany withdrawals. 
Im new here ppl should tlk to meh ? 
Im sorry your annoyed 
Im hurt 
Im at the bank 
Im sooo pissed! 
Im so tired  but the new moon trailer comes out soon!
Im bleeding from yesterday  
This heat is killing me. Im too white for this 
No one is on msn    Im vairr bored..  What to watch, what to watch? .. *-)
@ElderLife Lol........man I already need to go to rehab because Im a shopaholic 
@oddballfreak Im after burning myself too!! 
pffffffffffff Im so bored right now 
as I said... no weekend for me    Im working...
@Mabetini Im sorry to hear that. 
Im too sleepy to work out and dance right now 
She is driving... Im scared for my life 
Im really worried about you   I miss &amp; love you sooooo much!!! &lt;3
Im incredibly hurt beyond words 
Anyone want to talk with me?? Im so bored 
@DanFqaMMuI  can you teach me? Im unemployed 
Im so freakin tired rite now 
Im so dreading wednesday. 
Im ready to board,  im a little hungry tho 
@OtaliaRocks Im soooo sad you wont be there 
@Cryssy4 Im in plainvilleee so i wont see you 
Im all of a sudden really depressed right now... 
@djkreate hahahahha very funny but Im not 21 yet 
Im hot too 
@jaaaaae Im so mad that I missed you at both bbqs 
benadyrl, corona and sun makes me sleepy. I think Im freckling even more 
@greentiers Im saving up to see him in vegas! i really hope i can go!! 
Im heartbroken 
Im scared to graduate 
Ugh ! Im so tired and do not want to do homework ! 
Im going out. still sad 
Im so sexy...I dunno why Im single 
Im congested. And have nothind to do tonight 
@ryankellar I always just make a total mess when Im unpacking and then &quot;clean up&quot;. Im becoming quite familiar with the concept. 
@thoushaltkissme Im so bummed I'm missing the movie awards. 
@tiltmodesoldier Im so sorry I thought you knew!!!!!!! 
Im losing followers 
Im so exhausted  studying &amp; tea stationn in cerritos, visit me. Lollll
Im at work at this time. I don't get off until 7am. Wow! Im so very sleepy. 
@ashattack2 No  Im going to go find one
@pinkalici0us Im of to work..  unlucky me
Im scared there was just the loudest thunder ever  i am hiding under my blanket...
Thanks for the lunch. Im making it myself.  *~marie~*
Im not a happy person. Im really really cold! 
@FlightSkoolGrad haha! Im working 
@Orchidflower Im very cloudy 
@KassieG  Im still seeing your posts in my timeline, what happened?
@rjsaldi Im stressed out too  It will all come together though, I hope!
Im so confused are you talking to me or not? 
@lisachaves thank you baby boo! Im not allowed to use the pc now so boo we cant ym 
Im at work i wish i was at e3 
Im still wondering on how to put my twtter at my blog 
@imanvw aww Im sorry to hear that 
Im upset   i need a hug
Im sad because i finished my cheeseballs 
On my way to california!  Im not sure if i'll get signial there.  it might be a 3G deadezone!
Im so tired i wish i was in bed. 
@AceyBongos haha exactly what I said, mummy Im scared!  #XboxE3
Im sick  and i miss my bby. Im so ready for him to come home from work. I love you Treybby.
Im a bad tweet.  
Im still not on the schedule at mcds. 
Im so worried 
Im all bruised up from giving blood 
Im very dry 
 poor rocky. Ah Im so sad now 
Im so sad ian left @thecab  so so sad!
Im such a bad girl. 
Im @ this forev21 in lkwd &amp; they apparently dont carry sz smalls. 
Im so sleepy  I hate being so tired.
Im really sad that I didn't get warped eco  hopefully I can still go.
@hot_kommodity09 Im here right now.... 
Im afraid your feelings have changed and you dont like me anymore 
Im back on my puter after a bagillion yrs... but not for long 
Im bombed out just got some not so good news i have degenerative joint disease havent been able to walk good in 2 weeks! Im sad! 
I want something to eat but Im not hungry 
....Im lonely.... 
Im in class 
@shararee Not really I had to remove spammers  Im now at about 3998 again.
@ashleykohn Im tired of being the single girl.  lol
@heythereivannah jealous! Im at work 
@jamesisalion was that directed at me cause Im pretty sure it was deleted when u tried to save my itunes and iphone data 
Im ready to leave 
@luhluhloveee Im so sad that you left me. 
@DonnieWahlberg...Im really missin some ddub love  
Im upset, pissed, worried, depressed, anxious, etc 
Its official... Im sick 
Thats depressing.. Im down now.   
says Im having migrain episodes again  http://plurk.com/p/xsztu
Im sleepy again 
.... Im sorry for hurting you.     @JessieMunns
Awww im sorry....   I take it back.  Im stupid...
Omgsh!! D:  Im a hog.   I agree to never do that ever...
Im really bored 
@aaaudrey Im not!  I dont knoww. Its out na ata?
@MiralovesCandy Im at work and your not even alseep yet? 
@joelMadden Im up too. I can't sleeeeeeeep! Any good remedys to fall asleep??? I need one 
@sunnymonroe305 yea Im up unfortunately Im at work  help me!
Im sick I have fever 
Im not ready for school yet.. 
@nessh09 Im ok not sleeping to well though   .
Im the worst big sister ever 
Im the only gal on the shoot  - http://mobypicture.com/?qprclp
Im ill today! Not good i have McFlu  x
@darmadorso Im so upset I didnt get to see you!  i hope you had fun though!
@shesorinchen oh god I hate that. I hate seeing it. Im so sorry 
@DaRealsebastian I know Im being bad today! 
@T0y_T0y B/c Im still at work 
Im going to work 
Haha! Im at subway 
@supraprophetic ik. Im still 
@santagati @BAM?  Im not going 
@VarrenAKABabyV  Im not invited??  lol
@KeyganGwinn no i dont b/c im lame  Im going to make one soon though [=
i really really really really hope melisse can cum(haha) on thursday!!!!!!!!!!!!;(  Im so sad!!!! 
finally home. Im sunburnt 
@thisgoeshere Im not mad I was just sad you werent talking to me  I feel alone... unfortunatly i miss duluth...
@WallyBizzle who you TELLING! 98% out this btch! Im mad I aint make it to 100 
@meganrogers Im inside, it's raining and cold 
Im really sad and i dont know what to do 
@chemicalzombie Im starting to get pretty jealous of frank iero  i hav never asked me to marry u D':
Im going to fail my maths exam - I dont understand any of it 
Wtf! Im so undecided! 
Im lonely and want company  i hate being alone sometimes.
@AlexAllTimeLow aww.. Im jealous. Im listening but i cant hear it.. 
Why am i wishing i wore a coat? Im bloody freezing 
Im not feeling good 
Im too hungry to listen 
Im super tired   i have to go to bed now or i gonna be really grump !!!!
Im so hating the rain!!! 
Starting to get drowsy  but im sooo close! Im not stopping.
Im so bored revising! Wish the sun would come out  xoxoxo
Im never drinkin again lol. So hungover 
Im new to twitter... and i don't know what im doinggggg 
Im sooo tired  I want to sleep now. It needs to be 11 so i can get out of school and nap!
Im not feeling too well  i seem to have lost my appetite ....
Im really hungry and really want some panera but theyre seriously going through every single persons name. 
Im soo tried!!!  and i hate stupid science surveys.... So i dont do them and nap instead! Lol
Im not a very patient person sometimes. 
I want ice cream Im out 
Im sad for the east coast....they dont have SHIPLEYS 
Im jealous of some of the people in choir 
Im going to get soaked when i go out - ive only just washed my hair  too 
Im really sad now an i still got a sore throat 
@leeannekenny I know but Im feeling left out  I will watch one and hopefully will not be sucked in......
So... Im pritty bored  thought I would tell you guys ;)
@PlanetCazmo Im really mad at the updates. They made me sad! 
Im tha only one that cant leave early on fridays booo 
Im so screwed traffic hasnt moved 
@caseymh Im not THAT retarded 
@andrewgoldstein i cant go tonight! Im now extremely sad 
@WestEndActress Right Im going off the twitterland unfortunately not going to join u in the all nighter 
@koist What? You've seen Mabels mouth too? But, I thought I was the only one! Im devastated , im off to cry into my pillow 
@littlefishey Did I write a sad tweet  Im so sorry ..... Im fine now ..... I think :S
I guess Im not going to see hangover 
Im confused don't know how to use twitter... 
Im so fuckin bored 
Im bores and hoping to get my facebook bakkkk 
Im extremely depressed at d moment 
Going to shoot. Im scared. 
Im in pain!!! 
Just got done work!! Im wiped out 
Im so confused and like i cant breath and dang its crazy 
Im a really bad bowler 
Im 100mb away from dial up speed 
Im in the passenger seat 
Im not ready to go home 
Im so ronery. 
Im not tweeting!! What happens to mee?!?!?!? xD jajajaja I guess Im sleepy 
Im ready to get off of the set and go to bed! 
Im at work 
Its 4am and I am up I can't sleep, why? Im going to be so tired later 
@ajaywatts Im allowed to feel hurt when im being attacked. Im a perosn who just wanted acceptance from a group too differnt i guess 
awwww @sabina_kelley Im so bummed I could go to wintersun 
@gbazz maybe two ;-) Im actually really tired.. and just want to sleep!  But i will prevail and play SIms 3
I threw up all night and Im still dizzy 
Im so tierd and just want to go to bed i hate testing  .:KaYLa:.
Sobbing at being left alone whilst the boi works the allnighter. Im in a (lonely) mood 
@firefaunx ha! Im 34 when Im starting 
Im in a really bad mood 
@joamna so far theres only 20 min.  its a comic by the hellboy. Ah. Im trying to remember by book. I lost some somewhere.
Im sick  sum1 bring me soup??
Im awake but still tired!!!! 
Im really annoyed 
isn't going out 'till late, Im bored atm  people; amuuuse me?
@chatvert182 Im sorry  I was the opposite. I woke up too early and couldn't go back to sleep.
How do i folllow peple?? Im stuck. 
Im not getting your up dates 
Im lonely 
@ Im jealous . . Who works on saturday 
@KWEE79 Im glad I'm not the only 1 wit that down fall 
...so again I hear that ur here &amp; I haven't been notified. Im slightly loosing grip of what we have  @creativejenius.
6'oclock needs to hurry up. Im not even suppose to be working weekends 
Im sad that my bff doesn't love me anymore 
Im so bored at my grandpas house 
Im pretty fed up of this bloke now 
Im a little bored being locked in my room is not fun 
@PRETTYBOYDREWSK Im shattered, i have too 
@junkiecat *still hugging* Im sorry to hear that 
@danab52 Unfortunately not.... Im tired but cant go to sleep 
@bretthoof aw i want to see you too mijo! Im sorry 
Im not brown enough to hop fences in a single bound 
@MeAllTimeLow I was joking. Im sorry if it offended you. 
Im so sad im at work @serenduckity 
@ChrisPelletier Im good! im in paris now until mid july, and then i think i might go to london. I really want some tacobell right now tho 
Im on #fulltiltpoker as SmartAssXXX   so far not doin well.  #poker
CnT BeLiEvE Im SiCk... 
@nectdoreen yes,but my fwends changed there minds @ the last min. Im really motivated 2 go but i dn't drive,so if my fwends dnt go i dnt. 
Im trying! I've been tossin and turnin 
Leaving... Im not even excited anymore.  Crazzzzzzzzzy
Im standing here but you dont see me(8) 
Im sad without my erin! 
Im home all by myself right now 
going to bed. ooh Im so sick 
@reHAB_ smh at u going out  Im jealous
@therealpickler  ugh Im not too far away from  the bama jam now i sad I didnt go I wannnna see you 
@Samjane Im trying but they arent making it easy, they just make it easier to hate them; and I do.  I really do...  
Im want to upload the school photos, but I can't, twitpic don't let me ! 
Im super sunburned 
@AmberMunster  No.  I want to but Im pooped.   are you guys going?
I am sooo tired! Im so confused right now 
Im up far too earlier 
Im all sad and alone 
Im not feeling good at all. I feel very dizzy and nauscious.  goodnight
Im not lying. She is just being hard headed and it makes me sad 
Im want to go home already  fuck
Is gonna go downstairs and get my breakfast. Im so hungry 
Im so not used to wrking on a single screen setup...damn storms 
@RayneDayze wow.. Im sorry 
@djones7774 I'm glad yo enjoyed it  Im over jelouse now  ~
In the theatre watching and taking notes! Im hungry  x
Im going to miss the french open final due to work 
Im so sick of working sundays........ 
Im not feeling well. 
@rhiannjeffrey NO WAYYYYYYYYY! Im jelousssss  i want to goo! kasabian are on too! who you going with?x
Im on work, its so boring   
Im too lazy  how can i be more hard-working (
Im so worried 
Im so freaking tired 
@janliz Im 43 but mine would be nearly that colour   I would just look ill I think!
Im all ;___; right now, I hurt so bad 
Im back in the horrible service zone... 
My internet has not gone down for ages. Now that Im trying to sure you tube it goes down 
Im not feeling good today 
Im sick  my throat is killing me
Im so confused 
Im still sick i still feel like shit  ugh!
Im still really worried, that i havent 'tweeted' that much  will start again tomorrow
Im going to sleep, im tired, i have been cried everytime... this is horrible 
@davidleibrandt aaaaaah Im not at my house 
Im internetless and forgot my phone so now Im .Phoneless..thats just great 
Im in shoes 
Im so excited about transformer 2...but it doesnt come out for a while 
Im back home 
Im confused by twitter 
pffffffffff Im sooooo boreeeeeeeeeeeeed 
@grace6697 Im not seeing it because I didnt want to go by myself 
Im lonely  @pep how was ur shoot
@steveguy5212 Im jealous of you guys 
@chiniehdiaz Im out of it..havent had any in days 
@MeganPWhelan Im really tired from today 
Im really worried about my dog... 
Wtf. Im not supposed to cry anymore! Im so mad at myself right now.  just shoot me.
Im wide awake, how very annoying 
@PseudoConcerned aw  Im sorry
@IngyKrivin I am trying to figure this out too!  just signed up and Im lost 
Im closing 
@Babyswags lol Im assuming its that bad 
Im mad im sittin here &amp; i wanna go to sleep but cant! uuuuhhh 
@joeymcintyre Im really sad that Im just now reading your tweets...missed the whole thing 
Im a hypochondriach, every not so little thing makes me positive im dead.  I really am much more positive than my tweets might indicate 
Im at school  sooooooo shouldnt really be on here! :-/ xxx
Yahh so Im totally excited to live off of 2 euros until saturday 
Im shattered scubs is finished 
Oh my god, do not know what i want to study. Im too young to be deciding my future! 
@LISAAASTHOUGHTS Im not getting my lvatt until thursday. 
Having to put my cat down..  Im  really sad!
@darthnowitzki Im available this afternoon. Or anytime really 
danm Im tired, I hate mondays 
Finals all week!!!! Im screwed 
@_ArtyTart_ Im still at school  about to go home!! xx
So andrew changed his number. Im going to cry.  wtf
Im going to work 
fucked everything up  Im soo sorry !
@CaroTheNyx Im sorry 
Im not feeling well 
@Shazzchan shut your mouth. Im still gutted about missing it. 
fudger it hurts when I walk! Im tired, i want to go home 
Im so lonely right now so bored so sad 
these people are driving me crazy, Im a human being you know? yet all there is to talk about is one subject, so frustrating 
http://twitpic.com/7hxum - Im lonely gabz 
Im bored now that my best friend is gone 
* Im about 2 cry  *
@GoldenMeanSteph damn!! Im miss'n it... 
Im soooo tired but have soooooo much work to do 
 ..... Im givin myself 5 minutes to turn that frown upside down
In textiles . . . . Im just not creative 
@iPhoneDocked Im not seeing where the other files are, so I am not sure I can change it. 
Im back to it, sleepy though took some meds, not feeling well.... 
Im so bored I don't know what to do with myself, but I can't sleep because I'm not tired...what to do... 
Im so tired  going to bed!
Seriously? Im still 3 hours away! 
Haha dontttt. Im scared of lesbians 
Im sad... I miss my @mittenlove24 
Im sooo nervous to take the regents 
She back and i really want to see her but i dont have enough courage. Im to scared to do it alone 
@immissworld I hope you had fun. Im kicking myself for not going 
Im bored. lonely, and hungry. 
On a tweeting spree because Im bored 
Im being bored 
http://twitpic.com/7ixwl - Im too sad 
now Im getting stomach pains! 
Im hungry and its only 12:20 
So who all is still up? Im kinda lonely 
But, Im annoyed, my brother is on a planbe right now. To blooming Maliaa 
Im so tired!!!! :O ...... and i feel so lonley!!    buuaaaa!! 
Im back, lanarote was great, so sad to be back at work 
Im tired, already. No 
Im only scared to ask 
Im going to die on this bus. Im too black for this heat 
Im sooo old. I hurt my stomach there when I sneezed 
@delonm Im sorry 
Im Boreeeeeeeeeeed 
Hulloooooo how is yoooooo? Im too hot! 
@curiousluvchild no I don't think Im going 
Is it 12:30 yet?!....Im starving! 
@ting11 Haha! But Im afraid it will not be avilable by then It has been out for quite sometime le 
Tweeters! Im up too early 
Im so confused and sad... 
Im back! I wen yo see the doctor! 
Im back! I went 2 c the doctor! 
@fjkeogh  thanks Im all out again!!!  You ok?&quot;
Im missing YOU... 
No Im not  no bananas   very upsetting
Hey! Im bored,.. 
Im really red 
I would love to go to bed now but Im not even close to sleepy 
Im still hungry  Im a fat kid at heart!!!
Im sorry thats mean 
I try so hard and love so much and get nothin but pain in return... Im so hurt 
Im ready for my jeep to get fixed ugh! 
Im tired and sick.....   I dont want to go back to work!
@abby02 Im not weird  , i just get bored
@loco_coco_12 maybe I will later.....Im pooped!  I have to clean my house 
Im so hungry! can i have some food 
@teammxjacobb i cant get on gs.. Im on my ipod. 
Im worried about the health of my father 
Studying is not fun...  Im going to sleep now though, im dead tired
@REDHEADEDSLUT lol..I guess Im not special 
Dammit! Im forced to study! Why cant i just go 2 bed?! 
Im last in puttputt and i have to keep score 
@rushringleader Im sorry to tell you that will never happen 
Im sick of seeing the 0 its tauting and mocking me  
is really wanting to move out   dont really wanna be here anymore. but Im terrified to live on my own
@officialbrianna but why did officialjobros tweeted the link? Im confused 
The person next to me is reading my texts. Im not enjoying it 
@tiamowry...can u c this  Im not getting any feedback?
Im going to sleep! I have to wake up at 4:30 
Please win us. I couldnt go back. Im so scared for july 13 
Im officially burned out.  
Im congested. 
@sadityNpretty i missed your party  ... When is the next one .. Im there
Im not enjoying myself as very well as i thought i wass 
Im all sad now.  Juierhfruh.no 
Im convinced my husband does not want to reproduce with me and that makes me 
Im so ill right now 
Im so confused about so many things right now... 
Im waiting on the phone call. I just need that call. I have to have it soon. Im going on emotional rollercoster and I do not like it. 
Im kinda sad right now. 
Im single now apparently. 
Im so board  what can i do ?
Im so tired but i cant fall asleep 
I dont know what Im doing! 
@gianmc ...Im not seeing your updates  this makes me sad
Im losing my voice 
@PCleezy Im a thug 
@nthearmsofsl33p Im sorry to hear that... 
@ScreaminLacey me too  im really worried...BUT....they need us now more than ever...so Im going to try...
@PosturedEnt Im great boobey!...how was jazz fest?!?! I missed all the festivities 
Im sick and tired....  
Im being misserable lol why am i not good enough to be someones girlfriend?  it sucks to be me....
@paultheintern so your just going to bail on all your fellow friends who wear glasses? Im disappointed 
Im so ill  i got the swag flu...lol
Sometimes I thing Im allergic to coffee. 
Im so freaking lonely without codi here. 
@suzysak I figured it avoiding me since I'm back on it list. and @allison6071 we broke up virtually so Im back alone. 
@ddlovato Im in london  But i came on monday You were amazing,
Im so hungry  Why do I always write about food? Im a pig :@)
@sherryjonas i would but i cant. Im underwieght 
Im sorry, u know who u r, 
No electriiccc!!! Im depressed i was on level 23 on new natzi zombieeess 
Im absolutely shattered now though!  not good... Z z z
@Lifeisgood_ Im coming to the fest!!!! I can't wait!!!! I really hope it doesn't rain... 
Im sooo bored  i've been striped of my computer prevliges 
I want 100 followers  Haha, Im such a social butterfly.
Im so tireed ! aagh 
Im not good at waiting at ALL! 
Im not the one that you want I'll only let you down and I'm pretty sure that you've caught on. And you can say im feeling sry for myself 
Im about to run outside naked cuz i was dared to 
12 Hour Shifts are good. But damn! Im tired. 
Im tired of being ignored 
Really tryin to work out but Im just to damn sick 
@SexDrugsAlcohol Im told you just left chat before i joined. I am now sad. I miss my fake husband 
@asiariffic Im trying to post you a nice video and I totally forgot how to 
Im lonely. 
Sorting out clothes is so not fun!  Im so messy... i barely started and i'm already tired!
is crying...  Im not ready 4 this big change. Its scary...
@lovingday26 not a damn thing  Im bored as hell!!! U?
Im really really tired...I need a rest...really 
Im epically failing at this game of bowling. 
missing my babii . . . . . .  Im about to bump to his favorite songs lol
Im tired but i cant sleep it sucks 
i cant get my scanner to work. Im sad 
P.S. Im finging twitter to be boring also 
Im not tired  textt me 
@ddlovato Im just reallly bored 
Just discovered Im afraid of flying 
Going to bed  &quot;I love when you tell me Im pretty when I just woke. And I love when you tease me and Im moody and its always enough.&quot; :'-(
Im going to miss you. I hope its not over 
finally home.. how was kulture bizarre? @fortknox76 @BigTah @Silini @Dizzywunda @iamstanza ??? Im very upset that I didn't get to go.. 
I feel really sick. Im gonna go outside. 
@Decyfa Im working mann  What you up to?
Im not getting any cock 
Im sooo annoyed right now  x
In denver. I hate waiting! Im super tired right now!  {&lt;3}
@Iamknaan  u came and i missed it ?! as if my cousins in morocco bragging about seeing u there wasn't enough.Im very sad and envious now 
Im not feeling good 
what's happened to www.splfever.net?  Im lost without it  lol
Im so broke right now -wish i had money i feel like shopping 
@dancemaddidance Just got facebook!!! Im so late 
Im so hungry already and I still have an hour till I can eat. 
Im right there with you.. 
@reinventheart Im sowwy 
@maddykinz121 your so lucky! Im at work. 
Im not feeling good 
Ugh i cant take this shit no more!  Im so tired!
Im so bored... There's nothing to do 
@jordanknight What if we werent on the cruise?? How can we do  a skit? Im confused 
Wow i totally fucked up!!!!!! I said i would be here for her and i wasnt. Im just another liar now. Im soooo sorry sam.... I let you down 
Im @axelseaa, Im angry cause I get to be outside 
Im going to workkk  even if I dont want to 
I sold out... Im a twitterer 
Im so sad right now.. I am crying 
Im so tired, I want to take a nap 
Im forced to stay in this weekend... 
@gillfeesh Im not a dyke 
@angeloespejo Im boredddd &amp; I want to leave my house! 
Im depressed  im gonna miss its on with alexa chung 
Im in so much pain that im not even hungry 
@yolie81 Im had insomina since I was 6   it can strike at any age...
I didnt realize how much i needed the internet until I lost the ability to have it!! Im sad now 
Im tired, yet not sleepy. Why can't I sleep!? I just really want hugs. I neeeeed hugs. 
@BradmanTV Im so pissed i missed the show  
Im dissapointed in myself because i created this account. 
Im an asshole. Sorrrrrry 
@mckenna_ Im sorry  You hurt, I hurt.
Im seepy . berry ; berry seepy 
@kayleighshea I'm so sorry! I didnt sign off, my internet is down. Im on my moms cell 
Im emotional 
Im sick   some more chicken noodle soup, then im going to bed...
Im done , i really im he stood me up again 
Im bowling and not drinking 
@HarmonicLunacy Im nervous for my themeatic essay tomorrow !  
Im not having a good day.... 
@klm757 well SHUCKS!!! Im sad 
Im suppeerr duper bored! 
Im all peely 
@rachichi psycho. I cant sleep so im writing. Im really scared 
Im very unpopular here on twitter 
I am unbearably bored. Im alone here in our house.. 
@faidchong Im not coming latur. my fasha ingak suruh 
Im hard at work!   Lonelyandroid ):
Im really sick  This sucks !
How I feel read my lips because I'm so over-so over it!!! Yes, allergies-Im speaking of u!!!!! 
Im really hurting over my classmates right now 
@louisemaclean you three are all gorgeous, ok? Im jealous 
I knew it ! Its sunny and Im working !! 
Im so out of touch with ramsay street 
@kathy, what are you eating now? ;] Im in class but theres nothing to do so Im just mucking about. We're not allowed to talk though 
 Im there when u want me...u arent there when I want u. U drive me crazy...and Im sick of it.
Im so tired and i do 't know why 
yessssss, weekend and Im sick..... just perfect! 
Im going to be homesick  i can only imagine what i will be like when we go to hawaii..
@LilMissEmoJesss Im sorry  I miss you xxx
I think Im loosing you 
I think Im losing you 
Im a loner now.. Gauney bascially kicked me off the comp.. I wanna chat 
Im worried about my boyfriend  @hackedbychinese.
@happyglee ahhh french exam. Im so nervous too! 
@evanthornton Im really sorry to hear about your brother's diagnosis. 
Thinking of him.. Im badly missing him.. 
Im sick of waiting!! downgrading to 2.2.1 jailbreak is to slow 
Im sorry sam.that really sucks. 
Im really sad... 
Im actually done socials now! I got a really shitty mark though 
yooo Im hungrier than a mothafukaaaaa omq! 
Im bored and no one wants to hang out with me 
@bowwow614 Awwww...Im sorry 
Its so hot Im melting 
Oh soo sore. Im aching so bad! 
Im actually so bored 
Im MissN SomeThing 
Im the only one working tonight!  how did I get so lucky
Im so bored....Fridays are suppose to be fun 
Im stranded at wal mart righ now. 
My grandma is really sick. Im scared 
Im still working in my homework...im tired... 
I miss you  I feel odd. I feel tired. I feel energetic. Im weird right now.
Oh, its my old schools ball tonight  Im so old now.
Im exhausted and teags is forcing my sickly persons to update. 
@prestonlowe  well let me know... Im not 100% in to go but if u go Im def there
@thisislilwayne why!?! Wtf! Im tired of waitin! 
@rperdio Im going to work too 
Playing monopoly again. Im not winning so im not a happy camper right now 
@talkradiodebate Im just venting! 
Im still not feeling good either! 
Im so Fukin insecure and i hate it!  
Im watchin my cuzins kill my dogs on my nintendo 
Im finally off babysittingg dutyy &amp; I actually have nuthn to do im bored.... wen i babysit theres always sumthn interestin 
Im about to see general public!   Lonelyandroid ):
Im watching narnia. &amp; i think im scared. 
Im gauging my ears..and they are sore 
Im afraid of relationships. 
Im disgusted by how bad i was yesterday 
Im sooo sick of innout right now 
@tommcfly I miss you from yesterdays gig! Im always like this after your gigs! 
@Lauraft take meeeeeee. Im green.im uncool 
So Im still at the borgata...my friend is really really bad. 
I feel sickkkkk  Im going to bed now.
Im awake...all alone 
Im fucking bored 
Im still bored and tired... 
http://twitpic.com/7weqy - According to ap, oceana broke up?!? Im heart broken.  i hope its not true!
Im sick  can you still donate blood with a sore throat?
Im awakeee but i dont really want to be  lolol
Im soo cold! Its wet and yucky outside here. 
Im so drained 
Im finish but i was alone  ...
@paisleyofficial Im from around cinci.. I miss that river 
Im on the pot!!! 
@allofcraigslist ugh Im too slow. I must have missed it 
@discolem0nade aww, well Im sorry about that, 
@bobbycasey haha thanks buddy. Im super excited! Im restoring now so it will be a few hours befor i get to play with it  haha
Im so bored right nowwww  Not going out after all :@
Im a little bored   i suposse this is a great weekend
Im not even n da mood to go out anymore 
Im so tired... Of fighting with him 
@theresehl Im so sad  the hills is starting to be to FAKE 
Im not babysitting tonight anymore 
@mlaidler how crap is it! Im now not tired at all 
Im at wallyworld 
Im not having a good day. 
Im far to bony  haha
Really really missing @annalafleur now, 2am and Im way too far away from her. 
@GabrielaRoxana Im in the bed like always... 
Im still irritated ......  
@heidijo98  Its sad, and graphic Im really shocked its on there, but it probably needs to be
@mrseptember1983 I just wish he won't be mad. I totally blew it. I had a quick reaction. It has never happend before. Im very sorry 
Im considering deleting my twitter 
Im so ready to go home already...i miss my animals  
Haha!!  Pleasseeee. Im terifed.
Im not diggin these relentless hiccups too much 
Im so lonely 
Im a confuses little puppy 
Im hothothot. :/ how do i sleep 
Im not worth it 
Im so pissed off right now 
Im addicted to candy, i swear. I have a problem 
Just got done with the party and Im so freakin bord!!! Im gonna miss my cuzs 
Im cold! And i wanna talk to leo! 
@jazzyobaby Im sorry I didnt know u wanted to come 
 Im like this right now http://twitpic.com/7zn9v
@iMathu Im not 
Im bored, dunnno what to wear for music night 
@ceekaigax Just about to go away and have break...i mean lunch haha. Im not fully woken up yet  What about you?
Im so mean but you still remain so nice to me. i feel so guilty 
@sjcNKOTB I know babe...  Im just having one of those days..! x x
Im sick again!!  its just not fair!! 
Im pissed...phone tripping again and im hung over 
@Bryanarmada Im about to pass through houston 
@AshJolliffe I dunno what Im doing  I cant transfer it over, and i think i chnaged it to 500m by 500 m lol 
Im naked with out my sunglasses i miss them so much 
Im single!  no good....
Im going to die of boredum this summer ! 
Im hungry!! Aghh  feed me.
Im up  and i miss her 
Im not having the most carefullest of days 
why is everyone talking about food ! I havent eaten and Im not allowed to eat so sssssh 
Im trying to download music but it is taking forever 
I wish I didnt sweat so much. Im such a gross chick 
Ugh. Im so confused. 
I hate not having him around. and Im getting frustrated 
Im sad, i really want my friend back 
@Tawmu Im not posh, im from near liverpool 
Im home from pittsburgh and I miss it already 
@Jazzybam Aww...Im really sry to hear that. I wish I could help but I don't know how to fix anything 
@donniewahlberg I need 1 pic with u I've been close to u many times five M&amp;G's and Im so intimidated by you. I freeze when I see u. 
@HuisJHu Im good I got to go to work now  so what about you how your day going?
Im tired but i think when i lie in bed i can't fall asleep.. 
gosh! Im supposed to be swimming 
Im bout to cry 
Im at work 
Adios Im off to get ready for school 
Why are you chasing me today insecurity? Im tired of running. 
Ellaboo is going to be here soon and I wont get to see her. Im sad 
@MoRedStar  Im sorry to hear that prima 
Im here now and Im happy but... you are not here, and you are not having a good time  Im sorry
Im trying to enjoy my night but smthn is wrong 
its too damn hot outside! ugh! Im still hungry. and my computer isnt fixed yet   ugh! but transformers comes out 2moro! so yeah!
Im losing my followersss 
Im lying in bed so tired and i cant sleep 
sigh.. Im so tired n my head is pounding n I can't take it anymore but I have to do it all of it again go back to work  I hate it
Im not doing anything 
Im coming home soon i wanna hang out with you guys sooo bad  ily &lt;/3
@dustnsweat im sorry i cant go. I feel so bad and horrible. Im so sorry 
i need 2 go  sleep but Im so tired that Im wired 
This Spanish class is depressing me. Im not good.  T_T
Im missed the othersiders 
Im not happy w myself bc I started back smoking 
lame... Im not even there 
Im bored now 
Whats wrong w/ me? Im still not sleep 
Im getting tired of this. 
Just woke up and i need to be ready to leave at 8:20 :/. Im so hungry it actually hurts 
Im almost ready... I feel like shit 
Im really hungry atm 
@P3ngwy3  well fine. Haha. Im excited though. I &lt;3 the beach. And you!
Im here...not in the exam... 
Im too tired to fall asleep 
@jasekingsland morning! Im off to work soon  when are you startin wichcraft?
Im sorry babe    I passed out 
@niceghost well meet again someday or the sea games for only 2 weeks!  Im so sad.
Im at work 
@articehazel I'm already down here mamas!! Im workn though 
@Starmari wtf is twitterberry? I just got a blackberry. I really don't like it! Im not a huge fan! 
@feebee84 just enjoy it. Im hungry but trying to diet 
@slightsarcasm Im not sure  what are we like ha :L x
Im on on question 4 on the spanish orals, IT TAKES TOO LONG. 
@spartan_love at peace. Im even more depressed now 
@joomlaworks Im in 
@olivierclaurent Thanks  I give it another few hours..... although Im not cranky or hungry which is what I was worried about
Im so ready for summer... freakishly tired 
http://twitpic.com/2ydri - Im so loving my great workspace 
@thethomas Im fine  how are you?
WooT!!!  have my first follower, and i dont know him either   Im famous 
17:34 Im at Yw's place. Ywys is tired. Going to sleeeep 
@paterickschmede I hope so! Im inspired right now so we shall see 
@LucasCruikshank holy...!!!! Im so there  !!
Im downloading some songs 
@LMHodgson  Im excited.....Im thinking girl 
http://twitpic.com/3iypc - Im not a loner really 
@shangar110 thanks! Im excited. I will let you know what i get  Haha
@danagirl82 you can't hear me but Im laughing a very mischevious laugh 
Im finally going to get a haircut 
@PrezDanger heyyy. Im following you. Its Haylz 
Im ready to hear you say who i am is quite enough  god i love taking back sunday!!
Im making a new vid! very emotional song 
Im going to get ready to watch a movie and then to bed it is 
Yay. Im free for a night.  AND i get to see my baaby
Im really sick! 
and now Im off to bed 
Im around or something like that 
lol on my phone  ahhh! Im addicting to twitter lol
yay Im back 
Weeee. Im webcams with microphones bulit in.  XD I want one. Or a new microphone. o.e XD Im bored. And tired. Lol.
Today was tiring but great.  Im still thirstty.
@helpspb not really... Im not crazy fan  where did you find it out?...
Im now online 
@BLACKTARA no doubt!!! Im there 
@selenagomez ahh I think Im seeing that tonight! Im excited!! 
Yaaaay!! woohooo!! Im baacck everybody 
@romelloadonis dont believe you got me watching this Im bussin up at these 
@gerardway why do you tempt us like this! Im so excited for it 
Im just going to pretend i know what im doing  always the way to go
Im really rather pleasant usually 
@PartyInMyPants Aside from stressed Im all good, yourself? 
Im happy to be me 
Im with some friends 
@ElizabethBanks On your blog u mentioned that a famous person said that they were getting divorced. Im curious Who was it? care to share? 
Im up ! 
@maurocorreia Im well thanks hey  and yourself? what do you do?
@xMoushiex Im a very easily amused person 
@carrie37601 You think it sucks for you darlin its only 6 here &amp; Im up, @JuventusGirl is out &amp; about maybe she'll bring us breakfast? 
@Abbyluvsaj Im just getting KTBSPA and some hearts  im really going now lol
Im proud of my woman.  #awaresg
@pixiesongs omg wow thanks for the reply it means so much. Im doing great thanks how about you 
Im bored. I wanna watch a movie 
@frostyinleeds  Im sure it will! 
Im in too much of a happy mood to sleep   
@hotnsaucy i hear that! later i'll send you the lyrics to the song Im writing, i think you'll like it.  ...
@langfordperry The reader was good..................Im still traumatized 
Its late, Im talking with yobery 
its all good! Im lovin it! 
Its me again, but Im tired 
Im so tired! On the way out to plaaay 
@Rockergirl75 ok  just checkin'...i *miss* that part on the GHalbum...Im disappointed that it's not on there - is it sad that i notice it?
@BridgetAH what? Im excellent because chrissy and I are in love 
@ceejay29 Im right behind you 
Its a new feeling that Im enthusiastic to explore  
Im going to go and take a shower be back on soon 
@BOSSBRITISH r u serious LoLz wow Im slow 
Im going to bed 
Im so happy i took such good notes, this would have never been possible without them  
Im in deep thought 
Im sick , im going to bed now 
Im cleaning out my closet!  ahhh...
Im really excited! cant wait 
 Im am going to send some twits to some folk...............
says Finally, Im home.  http://plurk.com/p/rr121
I know. Im just kidding 
@skysignal as long as it can select what to post and what not to post, Im in! we should tell the others! 
http://twitpic.com/4w67l - Im hard core, you just dont know it. 
Im glad i can make sumone smile 
@Im_2nd aww thanks! 
@JaiAsh anytime  that's what Im here for *giggles*
Im so just heading home 
@tracysummers04 Im pleased hun 
@Lilylauren  Im dractastic
Im juSt cruisinG... 
Im so asian eatting my noodles 
@Fayeandcasey lol ill be right up there. Im already naked 
@scodal Im hitting the hay now 
Im sweeter than i should have been  my new phrase
Im excited.  @kennyloggins is following me. You're an amazing man. ?
@josephthegreat http://twitpic.com/553cv - Im impressed any bigger ,and you'll be wearing a bra 
Im just song writing ay!! 
@missYAYAbabiee Im wonderful, just wonderful  I hope all is well on your end.
Im hopefully going swimming tonight! Wahay! 
Going to my cousins debut. Im a rose 
@Sherksgirl ;O  Im excited 
Im a great story teller 
Im needing sierra's purell right about now 
@ionacosmetics nah...I sleep sometimes lol lol Im just up with my baby(s) right now chillin 
Im actually starting to like my hair again  I just need to cut my bangs shorter And straight 
Aaaaaaaaand  Im off I4  
@Badcookie4u I miss u love. Im gonna have to call u soon. 
@SebastianDavies It is!!!  Im also excited for today! 
@IamSucceeding now Im curious abt 6/2 
@MediaCoach Im more outraged having to be subjected to her, personally speaking of course 
@tenketanken thank you. fun as always.. Im doing what I love! 
@tom_ra Im just about to start my maths now 
@shortword Im waiting for work to splash on a new handset for me given where i work and all 
@ShanteRowland good  Im not so great but ill be fine eventually...looking forward 2 that LOL
Wow, listening to korean/japanese music so much Im learning the lyrics...Im singing along now, amazing isnt it 
Im at home lol i just walked here 
Im going now tata  xx
Im awake, goodmorning! 
@CatherineGM24 Im good  finally someone i actually no on this HAHA 
Trying to figure this out! I think Im getting it a little though 
Im going to start charging rent!  lol
@owleealeckza Im proud of that reply. 
@kol1986 follow me! Im special! 
Im just sitting around 
@parkerangel how dramatic! Im just glad that ure safe! 
@ThisismyiQ Im up 
@twinsquirrel ..of course not.I know Im hard to resist. 
@Hollybaugh i figured as much.    Im always on mon, rotate wed.
Im back &amp; with this http://www.munktiki.com/coconutmonkeys.htm  
is doing all these 'how well do you know me?' quizzes.  &amp; I made one because Im bored mmkay? Not because im lame *winkwink
@DJEIGHTMILE  Im great, the higher power is in control!
@newhat Im demanding a photo  xx
@collifornia18 i hear yah..if u need anything..u know Im here....ok. 
@KourtneyKardash oh i know the feeling Im still wakin up 2 
@Tifflicious Im working on a myspaace fansite for you atm 
@colourmatrix13 I wouldn't tell they'r excellent, Im still learning, but I find myslef in it 
Im 2 now 1 tweet off 100. 
Im bored.... But i have a chocolate cake 
@missmichiganusa it happens pretty sorry Im responding so late 
Im in ij now!  - http://tweet.sg
Im currently playing mybrute. 
@MichaelJPerez Im so glad we are back together again  lol ur so silly!
Im loving zhaar For Always 
@TinainMelbourne Im so nutsssssoooooo 
Im going to fail this test 
If you are following me you are now a Tweetlet!  And as much as I love you my tweetlets Im going back to bed
@audreykeyes yayyy! Im excited!  I have never seen so much of the colored spinwheel until this computer.
Im being positive!  you should be proud
Im fully awake!! 
@SKMusic Im very happy for you 
Im trying out twitter to see what all the fuss is about 
@Austenmcally i so would work for them!  Im dying at H&amp;M...
And the fire is lit... I am awake... Im ready!!! 
@clare_mckeague Im glad you liked that one  Im trying to work hard on it myself
@afromolly AH! Im excited  we're gettin pizzzza ;)
Im not going to complain today because some may have experienced a confrontation 
@wonderwoman9197 lol ok Im sorry Im just happy to see you happy 
@aussiejoy stop twittering! Im trying to sleep. :p miss you friend! 
@MDot412 Im lightskinned I can get away with it 
Haha Im reading F.M.L tight!! 
@AmiPenni thats good, i do as well now  goodluck &quot;Im not afraid anymore&quot; 
Im sore... But in a good way. 
@YingwenLaoshi Im signed to an agency, and they sent out a package overseas 
Im still up lol 
