Most common words for this cluster:
[('im', 2275), ('na', 174), ('u', 155), ('lol', 141), ('day', 131), ('today', 115), ('amp', 109), ('gon', 105), ('sorry', 100), ('time', 88), ('work', 85), ('i', 80)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Im', 0.944439172744751), (u'im', 0.7375661134719849), (u'lol', 0.7113023400306702), (u'Hahaha', 0.7088673710823059), (u'Soooooo', 0.7084503769874573), (u'Ok', 0.7059577107429504), (u'hollyrpeete_@', 0.7036483287811279), (u'haha', 0.6926459670066833), (u'Iam', 0.6901865005493164), (u'Lmao', 0.6864445209503174)]





Im in the mood for some chocolate. I want..... Miniature Reeses cups. Now 
@jason_2008 Hello! Im out of coffee this morning..that's what i get for winding you up yesterday!!! Lol  Have a good day!
Im up... I slept an hour last night... Death.... 
@rustyrockets I'll give you a fiver towards the fine - not much, but Im skint from paying for  Al Darlings eyebrow waxing 
LOL what Anna? Schmance? I soo wanna meet up with you in the holidays man haha - Im missing you so bad 
Im still waiting for my Phone  x
I want to come home from work. Im sick. -_- My legs hurt 
Im about to see that 60lb girl in my class. She even runs b4 class, makes me feel disgusting 
@KevinRuddPM Wheres my $900 Im a poor uni student too 
Omg Im having the hardest time staying awake in class....ugh. An all nighter was a bad idea  I need sleep!!!!
@Lorenzohenrie Im having chinese take-out. Probably not as good as italian. 
@Steinsgrrl Sarah and I think it looks like something from a horror movie--SO creepy   Im emailing you right now!
@lauren42 hope Yall have fun without me tomorrow. Im so jealous and mad i cant go. 
Im tired! All I want to do is sit n watch Twilight (for the gajilianth time) but Iv got to do my flamin dissertation 
Im sorry  Brian :p
Gonna be up till 3:30. Hubby gotta wake up 2 go 2 Bombay &amp; I don't want him 2 miss it but mom dun get it. Im nt awake coz I like it ma. 
soooo tirred and Jade won't pick up  Im hungry. &amp; lost my voice for a while.
@SoftSurrender Nope i dont think so! Im gonna be off now anyway!  You'll have to twitter me or FB me about the thing!! LY loadsss xxxxxxxx
Im watching The OC, Oliver has just appeared  Grrr lol
@drunkenmonkey87 Lucky you ;) Im off tomoro, i was working like all day today crap much 
Heh. Im glad my mood went to shit. I need my cassandra 
@chanelwestcoast Hay Im Cc also aka, Walsh, talk to me during work, it must be a very very very very hard job 
RAWR! Piano is evil!!! Im better at sports; i shouldn't have picked piano  GARR! i wanna drop that class &gt;:[
i?C.B+T.H|| Watched http://tinyurl.com/cfhr42 Made me cry a bit. Im worried 
@Zombi3Kill3r I might be getting one from someone according to an email i got but I never got a follow up email so Im not sure 
@DukeTerrell Im good I suppose.. My Dad (Tzu) passed last thursday  but other than that Im good
Im home alone with Chanel and i miss my baby 
@Enduring24 i tweet so much so i dont know what youre agreeing with 
Ahhh all of FFTL's Merch on their site is soooo cheap!!!! i want it!!!!  But Im poor!
@Sum1sStar It seems like you get bitched at a lot.. Im sorry 
Mornin everyone, Ive got a damn cold  On the good side more time to scrap. Im guna try put a freebie up today.
Im back Guys,, Laying in the hotel soooooo excited about so many things.!! But i havent heard from sweetface...  ...... :-*
my last day of the cruise  ~Im a Diva~
Ava woke up this morning saying &quot;mommy nose ewww&quot; So Im thinking she has a cold too now 
@JadeJeronimo Jade! What happened on the forums? Im gone for like a day and come back and its closed 
Oh Fuuuuuuuck Im Late!!! oh mang if only I had 2 more hours of sleep!! 
My god! Its a sunny, 80 degree, beautiful day. PERFECT for a picnic in the park! Im stuck indoors  i got the short end of the stick 
@selenagomez hello Selena!! Im a huge fan  Please can you follow me ! Im SOO bored got school 2moro  !! Please write back Thank you xxxx
Teaparties ? Where were these when we were spending (and taxing) 300B/month on the Iraq war (ooops Im starting something) 
@Neomic I havta' go pee, but Im scared to walk dwn the hall. Please check for that mouse..Im freaking out! Turn the light on 4 me 
@Bodyguard_Beats awwwww I would give you some *besos* but Im contagious 
@Wizz_Dumb Im sorry lol...well i wanna lay down but the twittering and endless homework is keeping me up... 
@madcatja Im awake because i can't stop coughing when I lay down. Damn boys with names that start with &quot;J&quot; They're bad news 
@Mclovin094 awww  I know ay, Im in pjs pants and a flano tehehe, Ohh I think I might put the heater on I forgot about that haha
@itzstarruh ur just mean! Im tellin him too! lol. Naw i was askin Cne and Sasha about the club n they said it was all short dudes  lol
@MCNutters Lucky!! Unfortunately school is just starting back for me, Im just finishing a 2 week break! 
Im Bored in college  its crap.
@mkbkrthebkmkr 23rd.. so unless youre coming down a little early i wont be seeing you guys before i go 
Im literally getting gray hairs  Thank god ill be working outside in the sun all summer...
@SilknPearls  Wife is always up at 5:50am, Im usually in till 8 but dogs in garage were bothered by something 
Im @ work.....My back hurts so bad  I need some magic hands right now
@S_Wash See u holding out on your tea drinking...  Yea drink the good stuff for me... Im stuck on Lipton for now 
@ladysinh Oh, that sucks majorly.  Im sorry.
Im gonna miss Ty when he leaves 
Im all Twittered out. Nothing interesting to say at all  could this be the end?
Im kinda said Ray J's show is over 
@Lerjgr oh no i hope you feel better by sat. Its all the late nights catching up with you. Im ok thanks. Dont wanna be at work 
@DonnieWahlberg I saw The Kill Point,thought it was fab.Im trying to get hold of Southie now,but im not having much luck     x
Wow! Im sooo tired  ... @ddlovato Demi, your tweets made me laugh so much! I freakin love Munich. I spent a whole week there last summer!
@cwthegame it was DOPE but Ima a sucka I want Team Merwin to win; Im starting to dislike Kelly though 
so watching the angels lately is depressing. But it doesnt help when the closer sucks that much! Boo. Im sad 
Im so tired, coming from a BBQ with friends. I miss u baby 
@Emma_Proust no it doesn't have to be  how can it not be anymore? Im too tired to keep going like it is.
@ShaePadilla Yeah for sure!!! It will be some time from now gotta write music lol...Im not sure if you know but my other band broke up 
@lailapfe And I hope you're doing ok! Im also very sorry bout the McFly gig on hold  It'll come round. And yeah there are cases here too x
Im missing Allison like heck 
Im so mad at myself for  not going to AU for LT's going away party...i Hate Having A Job 
@thespunkyone today I have to help my BFF lay her lil brother to rest  I dont know how Im gonna stay strong enough to get her through this
@Dustinnnn Dustin, I cant go  Im on the other side of the world since i transfered Universities. FML.
Im gonna clean ma room!!! Its rather messy/dusty!!! Bad times! 
Just got DailyBooth, I keep getting told to so I did.. Gah.. Add me or w/e? The names GracieGee.. Dont mock Im new lmao 
OMG! I am cleaning for my move and Im throwing away all my clothes..  ...hopefully my dude will be willin to get me more.... :\
Loser. Im cold.  i don't like to be awake this early.
Im so tireddddddd. Getting ready to go t school  have to be there by 9.
@TheScottWeiland Im missing Panhead  hes a busy guy right now.
Sooo someone hits my dog last night and kills her. From what Im told they slowed then speed up. WTF Poor Zena 
ZOMG! Im pretty sure I just flashed our neighbor my bum.  Whats next?
sooooooo i just found out that our school's choir (which Im in) is not going to CMEA!!!!!! uuuuuuuuggggghhhhh!!!!! 
@draymer72 why am i mean? Cause it sounds like u were watching the game... R u guys watchin derby today? Im sad there is no party 
ok Im up, dressed but not awake   I have a photo shoot thingy today with the band, I have only had approx 2 hr2 13 mins of sleep Tweeple
Yea, thanks for the tip! Im taking it in today to see if they do anything else for it -  thanks for the effort AJ!
Omg! Im almost done with the second gossip girl book! 
Im ready for Footloose... not so much senior circle 
@michaelflys Im greatt, Wishing i was at bamboozle though, 
Game over and Im off to drown my sorrows 
Hey Tweet fam I know I was gone 4 a few days but Im sure no1 missed me 
@nikredbull Im going there for vacation this summer so I'm gonna miss out on Steve Aoki 
Wow. Failure. Dang. Im so bummed right now it's not even funny. 
@Ayvii u want warm? Im hotter than an STD.... wait, that sounds better when i thought about sayin it 
Im tiredd, &amp; want my BF here with me. 
@jeriel_armani Im sick and I need u!! My belly need to be rubbed! 
@Wossy and Im in work 
Im super tired! Argh... I hate having to work 
@scorpian555 Hey,how r u? Im about to start new job at end of week..my last few days in civilisation  will b great though
Im so tired &gt;.&lt; And Picture wont fit 
Bloody motherboard has died  no computer till i can get a new one! Im so sad
#acdc - Iam obviously shit 
Im hurt..  Seregon Gig  = Awesome mosh/hurtness
There. its been deleted.... no wories...........Hello?? anyone out there? Im gonna hate working sundays 
@mariahvondita Oh Im soo sorry ur chest hurts  Do u have asthma or anxiety? I hope u feel better.
Im Board 
@asoulpsy yeah its soo sad  Im sure Archie will be very sad too 
@Stevey_V3 haha its ok. Im in bed and i cant sleep for shit 
@RiskyBusinessMB we miss you here in Cali!  but Im glad you guys had fun!!
@Cause4Conceit damn Larry. Im already insecure.  That was a low one.
@GooeyLouie Why are you FML'ing....Im the last single girl on the face of the planet waa waa 
Submitted a shit load of win32 locals and few remote to ZDI.. I hope the bastards take em cause Im broke ... Im a Poor lil white boy 
@daisyvega  Im sorry, at least you could look forward to the Cereal bar this weekend! 
@Barbiechick3004 Im sorry Bri . Just remember if it was meant to be it would happen. Its just not meant to be right now. but Im sorry 
@AubreyODay text? Im bored  (419)-961-0631
Im crying. Argh. I hate crying. 
Morning Tweople.  Im still sick   Drinking some theraflu and getting ready for work.
@moanyboot  oooohhh noooooo!! the PDE a day behind so not online today, its sat news 2day. Im going to get one shortly I'l let u know 
Twitter sucks at this time in the morning. Feels like Im talking to myself. Well technically I guess I am. 
Im sick of cleaning &amp; packing..has to be done tho. Dont think we'll be outta here by Wed.  Fingers crossed ..cant wait 2 get 2 QLD!
Why must amazing things happen with Bf when Im sleeping 
cant get to grips with TweetDeck  Isnt that hard - Im just being a moron!
@amieewhitney Lol xD They should make them in her size! Im ok danke apart from waking up with a headache today! Goin bk to uni later 
Krffdjeufgd !!! Ummm... Im not loving the world right now. 
Morning!! Im off to work on this blah day....kinda upset,,,gonna miss tales from the darkside all day marathon  |sigh| Lata!
@V_nkotbgirl Shattered images?  Oh no... Im very curious now though...
@HollaWalla  Dude I don't know  Im already lightheaded from no carbs - lololol
CHILLLLEEEEEEE Im bout to start this Master Cleanse Diet...Yall pray for me gotta get right for Jamaica!! bout to be cranky all week 
Im so tired  always tired always work to do. Sigh new assignments tomorrow
Leaving for tonight. Im sick  I have a bad cough, watery eyes and a really stuffed up nose. Talk to everyone tomorrow. Bye
I have to say.... I HATE being a girl sometimes. You ladies know what Im talking about!! The thing that goes at the end of a sentence. 
@lyricalserenity im almost done to. Bought it last nite and been reading all afternoon. Im gettin more emotional now its almost over 
Found my roommate dead this morning.. Im still in shock  why lord why did you take him *-real prince-&gt;
Its been yrs but I still can't listen to &quot;Paramore&quot; cuz Im still in love with Haley  haha
Oh no! Hes got her. 
@MalikFord213 I dont even be looking? Real talk. I just chill and still end up with bs.. Nevamind... Im done 
Tired, with PJ still in a van. Haha. Im so sleepy. I miss pplz. 
Have not cried in a long time  whywhywhy. Im dumb.
@mike_lowry lol! all this booty is about to be gone! Im dieting. Sorry! 
Alright twitterland. Im going to attempt this sleep thing. Not sure how good ill do considering my snuggle bug passed out 4evr ago. 
Ok so thank Allah the serenade is over Im exhausted and ready for bed and I so miss my baby    and my knee fing hurts like a mothr trucker
 Im out for tonight! Talk to yall later!
I didnt eat dinner. Im also upset cuz I was outbid in eBay auction 
Im watching a depressing Episode of Batman  but talking gorillas make it ok
Jus wants to feel like i mean something to somebody. Im really lonely... 
Soooo sad Im sleeping alone.  I miss my bear.
@ElishaCreek thats right!! YES SEPTEMEBER- ABSOLUTELY! Im not going away, yayyyyy! Omg I have like zero followers 
@bass_face Have fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun! Im at work! 
Im exhausted, nighty night all, school tomorrow  Love xx
Getting on the plane. Wish me a safe trip. Im gonna miss my babe 
Happy mothers day. Im be home alone on mothers day cuz I cant handle the cemtery 2 see my 2 grandmas,2 aunts,&amp;&amp; great grandma by my self 
Wow! What an absolutely fantastic last episode. Although can't believe Scrubs is over  Im gutted!
Im sad now  I should be on my way to NC rite now
@mileycyrus Miley  Im sooo stealing that from your mom XD I wonder if they have a charm bracelet with different crosses on it thats what I
I cant believe Im awake after falling asleep @ 4am. I guess Im going to Disneyland since today is my last day to go with my pass  Sad day
OH!!!! Im so sick of essays! Shite!! I have tons of work to do 
Happy mothers day mom! Im  a little late mabye! 
at home bored, thinking dang only 4 days left of school and Im a grown up! yay and nay,....graduation will be ALL tears..... 
Im shaking so bad. She almost got hit by a car. Fuck.  im so mad at her, but glad i got her in time.
Wtf! North bound highway closed? Im so lost ! Gonna Be late to work! 
@kadambariyer I'm gonna need some help!!! cos Im at Uni and cant access Indi!! Relp me! and u never read my latest post did u...  sob
@CGreerbaby thnks hun . Altho my son isnt here . Im still his mommie  how r u?
Iam so bord  But on the plus side i have move red velvet cake!!! lol crazy me 
@lindberghboy Lmao..Im sure I will especially if she was 2 does Flaws and All but i don't think thats in the show this time 
@DavidKirlew I hate that I can't stay at the Ritz   Im gonna have to bug my company to get them back on contract.
Im awake barely with a cold wot has gone to mi chest  ashma inhaler here i come arghhh! On mi way to work to spread mi cold muhahaha
@johnstje @RacheLizBrown. Im still in classes  hah. I'm free before 2:30 and and from 3:30-6. Can we fit something in there?
Im so sad that Danny is gone! 
@sabriebrie Im very disappointed  So dudeee.. who went out? Dont keep me waiting, jeeez!
@urrrica that would be heaven to me lol Vicodin puts me on cloud 9 lol! Im sorry dear  go to sleep
Twitah is shizzit 2nite erryone is at tha DRIZZY DRAKE concert  Im SOO jelouse hahaha
Damn... I have to be @ work in 3 hrs. Do i go to sleep or work till i have to leave? I know... Im insane 
Im just leaving my house! My eyes are super heavy 
Gosh...Im in such a MESS!!! Lol! Its like..aargh 4get it...like u care abt my messy situation! Like u can do anything bout it! 
Im school  CBA doing anything today...Its almost the weekend this week has went by so fast  xo
@Jayme1988 Im ok thanks got a bit of a heavy chest atm, i sense a bitch of a cough makin a recce about my person ready to strike anytime 
Well it doesn't look like Im gonna get on the wiifit today or chance to do anything I wanted 
I am sorry for being so happy that Pahang has been cancelled. Okay, Im not happy. I am sad  because that means you people cant go.
Im off to drink some Swedish tea in my HUGE backyard, and do my stupid homework  Toodles x
@shortlisted: I wish. Im feeling so ill I don't even recon Ill be able to go at this rate  It's horrible...
Sigh. This has been the worst week ever. Im so tired of this 
Bored bored bored bored bored!.! Im so Invisible.!  People dont love me :p
Has just discovered Cosmo died in his sleep today and Im a bit sad 
Yessss we r!  but Im def coming to visit u asap! @nicizdakewlness
Whatcha into today? Im so ready for the weekend! Still need to clean my room! 
@tiffypoo828 LOLOL My bad tiff I swear I didn't get your tweet  But yeah Im def still on for VEGAS!!! YAAAAYYYY
Awwwwwww  I love them! Tell them Im coming to see them soon! @Shaniceonline
Back from port  I really cant be bothered to read all the missed tweets. Im not in a good mood and Im very sleepy...
haha im playing scrabble on facebook seriously LOVE IT!!Im winning for a change which is real funny!since i never win,wait im not anymore 
Im out. Nobody talkin to me  lol
@Lowe1500 tamika is sleepy  Im about to take her home
@Sum1sStar scared..  Just keep looking for a place. Im sure you will find something. If I lived there and had my own place you would be
my sis just called me, she flew 2 Cannes 2day 4 the film fest. Im free from her tyranny for 5 days. shes mean u know! she yells at me! 
@fleuresse im not even going to go there cuz Im really a BIGG Hov fan......BUTTTT &quot;Queens run U twiggas Ask Russel&quot;  GAMEOVER!
@ImWendy Rut roh, Ive been there...I hope you get some rest, anyway 
@xXSam_01Xx  yep me too after this exam Im free until sept when I start uni  scary!!xx
is doing freaking laundry on a sunday  Im suppose to sleep and watch Mtv
@stuinakl no way, Im comfy and not moving. Do you want me to get cold ? 
Need to clean my room.. Be assed like. I just wanna go see Jodie, But cant do so till thursday. Sly times!!  .. Im hungry!
Im sad coz ill b leaving tomorrow ... Back n cebu.. Bt i wil miss negros a lot...   
is sick &amp; overtired. Im a wreck. My gurl with chicken-pox &amp; I will be house bound til the end of week.... NOT FAIR 
Im leaving Waco today. 
The 1st w/e in 5 that we haven't been able to get out on the bike 'cos of the weather  TJ is missing it Im sure but my calves dont!
Im Soo tired lol. been studying all day 
I feel like crap. I missed a few minutes of Daisy of Love!!  Eh, I'll just watch the beginning later. Im soooo tired :-/
UGH, Im so mad @ myself. I should have got his number @ the beginning. But NOOOOO, I wait till the end and he disappeared. This sucks 
It just doesnt feel right to not follow what my heart desires. . . Im in a new place, in a new time. . . But. Ill humble myself 
Fuck, Im a bad friend 
Its Alex's Birthday, but I think she's sick  I dunno what Im doing today
youre right im inactive  http://plurk.com/p/uealk
@DA_BOI Better late than never! keep me posted please!!! Im stuck at work till 630  thnx sweetie
Im so sad. Are the Jonas going to be here in Venezuela this World Tour?. If not, Im gonna cry. for real! 
Well, Im staying home from church w/Bella. She has been screaming &amp; crying for 45 minutes straight, nothing will console her 
All moved out of the dorm...man im gonna miss my old life, it was amazing. Im a former streetfighter now  *~MJ~*
@lilyroseallen Ugh Im hungover and that Lion has made me nearly loose my diner  Gross! HAH!
@PerezHilton goood for you! Im not even on ten  lol
Im biking with steive Just crashed i broke her bike and she broke my leg 
Im laying down and just dropped my phone on my face. Owie 
Oh man. Im slacking. Help me guys! 
I'm gettin old yall. My hip hurts    ...And no it's not from what all your little nasty minds are thinking either. Im just old. Lol
@trvsbrkr Bama can spell better than I can lol Im sooo jealous.... 
@Wossy Im up early aswell  sucks really
@NoUsInLust   Om nom noms. Im gunna go make some noodles soon, cos I don't liek what mum cooked. 
@alanadale  I want a Drinky drink  Im still doing my OT
Wondering if it will ever be right? God knows Im trying 
@AbKi Peer Pressure is ebil  Im scurred to have babies lol
OMG earthquake...aftershocks... not cool anymore.  Im scared  adrenaline.
Iam so sleepy  yawn,huh...
? Heya all how are you? Im at college atm  ?
Im so sick you guys! In bed wiv flu! Pass the lemsip! Yuck  xoxo
@_MASTERMIND_ UGH! I forgot today was the anniversery of Ian's death  now Im depressed.
should be in college, but i aint!! Im really hungry and need food..... but what should i have??? Oh yeah and i am shattered from work!!! 
Anyone wanna come round &amp; watch Stardust with me? Im feeling lonely 
Im watching tv and wondering why Greece didn't win  Eurovison 
@Rebecca8888 woah woah wat??? Noo work hard &amp;cm britney!! Im nt goin sittin nxt to 2pretty much randoms atm! :/ 
@Alice I'm buying a cookbook. Im just not sure if I should get One of Jamies, or One of Gordons 
Im feeling very weird today. Dont seem to have any energy at all! 
Im off to shower people.....Thank God for that! I want to use Jenni's quote about peas and grease but I can't think of it 
People, Im so jealous...everyone I follow are now in Cannes   
@vickytcobra Aww, vicky! Get better! Im coughing nonstop too and its almost my bday 
Im stupid. Really really dumb. 
@Piercing_thesky o_o Damn! Ill stick with my $25 Mp3 player for now. Im too poor for that. And if i werent, i am now cause of yesterday 
@BattleWizzard .....pssssssssst! Hey you!!    Im worried
@Zwenn Hehe! Yeah, still watching GG but Im getting less excited about it already. Have you been following? It's a bit boring now. 
@phillyD Id play u in CoD4 but Im a pc gamer 
Im so tired and yet i cant sleep a wink. Tomorrow is gonna suck 
@hamishandandy Its Andy's birthday and everything. Wasnt there a tripe and biscuits party  i guess thats why I said tripe. Cos Im so poor
@GuySebastian Oh Guy (( Im crossing all fingers that you will get it back 
@Haileyyyyyy not much  Im bored. Thinkin bout gettin ma hair did tomora and lookin at new cars 
Im sitting in arrivals in Dublin airport waiting for my sister and the flight is delayed 
@TVXQMicky Omg, here you are  Or.. not?  Im really b confusing ritenow.. You are playing hide and seek with us hah~? ^^~
Im really sorry Stuart. 
Ummm no, @TearlessPoet not yet  and to @Chriscarroll50 Im not a GUY so I wouldn't wear and Adidas suit *sighs*
Just woke up, must have been asleep for 14 hours. CG-Podcast is on hiatus till im well. Im too weak and contagious 
@PaulDempsey_ Yeah Im good thanks, still in PJs lol but studyin  yeah last night was gd, gd 2 get out. all glad ur finished uni?? x
@Jam123x that makes me sad for you.  At least your work day is over...Im just getting started 
@djautomatic me too. I love kids soo much!! Im over protective of my neice and nephews. Ppl are sick 
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL! 2 hours left. Yay. Im so so bored and i cant fall asleep. 
@xroseyposeyx yeh it'll b so weird.. Especially when @brianmcnugget releases WOS and @franner_tastic aint there. Im gunna miss her loads 
@AngelinMarble  Hey surre i got to sleep at 4:30 this morning... Up at 8! Im really tired 
@Da7e  WTF? that sucks  Im glad the Duke still may yet live!
At work 7 in th am....TGIF, enjoying the quiet...but Im already ready to go home too much to do 
@Media_Molecule oooo  looks cool, shame its only VIPs tonight tho  will try and go along tomorrow if Im not too busy
@KingDobson When I get there Im going 2 have 2 help get ready 4 the baby shower &amp; finish the cake. I dont forsee sleep until at least 12 
@OMGTHISISTINA Haha  following 997 people... Im looking for a 1000th! Are you the next 1000th followee of ME?
@OMGTHISISTINA Im SICK  I dont feel aliiiiiiiiive
@DontFollowVal shut up!! Im peeling   again. Mira i bought sunblock spf 65!!!!
Today is FRIDAY night and Im home studying 
but what happen? They all got dissapointed. I wonder.... Im tired. So tired. 'Sick in the head' syndrome...again. Hate this   
@AbbyLipstick @GENeralization Hey Gen &amp; Abby :0) how u doing?? Im uber busy, trying 2 get some pretty pictures finished 
@mollywoodreport your lucky because you live n the same state that the JB and they have so many concerts here but Im from Spain 
Heyy Im Borreed 
Also sup @ cars that just drove by and saw me doing the Guilty Pleasure dance. I know Im cool.  You just cant see it.
Good morning everyone...Its an early day for me...Not sure what Im going to do since it started raining! 
Im so hungry Sitting N this long drawn out meeting 
@angelicarcruz nothing much boo. Im just sitting in class bored. Arrrrgh. 
@sweetu4ria Oh no! I can feel the pain in ur tweet. Y r u so sad. Im sorry. 
Well. i have an intervirw today. Im nervous as fk. also, throat infection, yes, its still their. like fml  im hungry! this sux Loll
i?C.B+T.H|| I missed Romeo in the chat FOUR TIMES! Im such a looser 
I have to go to sleep.... ugh!  Im not tired  Nite, nite twitterville!!
Im home chilling on my day off but damn i reaLLY dont wanna go tomorrow     who seen that SPECTACULAR vid?     effin funnyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
@Katstahh_ Well Im really sorry Kat 
Whooooo are alll these spammmerrrsss?!?!? Im just tryna do my followers a favorrrr 
Im outtie. Goin to sleep. EPIC fail for me tonite 
So Im a loser and I REALLY want to get a the coat that Vash wears. It would look so awesome with my skinny jeans... Sadly I cant afford 1 
@hello_jodie where has @Iam_srose been? hes starting to panic i think  nice guy
That boy scares the shit out of me  great now Im not going to be able to go to sleep. Changing the channel now.
Im very tired and still on the north side. HUNGRY!!! Thinking about the nachos that await me at home 
@davonallen I was juuuusssttt in ATL &amp;&amp; I didnt get to see you!!...Im sad 
Nobody has been in a rush to see if Im ok, not even my own family. 
@GirlNumberThree Nice. Im gonna be up all night with this heat. 94 in my house. feels like 100 in my room. 
@dancingxchick Caroline, I love you. But Im from Oregon 
@615Redbone I know right!! Im too pissed!!! He got forest looking really bad! 
Im too upset to be on here! Im goin to bed. Maybe I'll feel better tomorrow. Naw I wont cause I still gotta look at my hurt car! 
@Lauren_Roberts_ Im leaving on the 9th - not going to the next concert as I cant afford it  flight leaves @ 8.50am yik too early!!
Im literally falling asleep at the computer   Need bed...need rest...need Sleep...Goodnite Everyone!  #goodnight
Im telling you, twitter, dont drink so much coffee before you try to go to sleep. Rookie 
@Im_Queen on twitterberry... I missed it   whatchu doin up?
@andydick i like how you come to Nashville as Im getting ready to go out of town  come back soon so I can enjoy some funnies
@KalikwestMedia faShiOn Show??! UgH Im MissIn OuT 
Instructor talkin to the gerls nw. Im so sleepy.. 
@mrssunshine96 big now!!! Vanessa is going to be 3 in September, its going by so fast!  its hard cuz Im workin so much, I miss out on alot
@goddessfleur youre so far away, I don't know what to do.... 
@JoannaAngel I do  But Im on a strict diet. . . ugh I feel like if i cheat for one day Ill throw everything up.
Trying to learn how to do this &quot;twitter&quot; thing... I'll get there. Welcome to all my followers, though Im not that interesting 
@itstayloryall Im so sad we missed you at Family Reunion!! 
Auditions are good but, Iam super nervous! That is one of my virtues 
Um, why arent episodes 1-14 of Lost season 5 on abc?!  Good thing Im going to Vegas in the am to keep me distracted from this tragedy.
Least u can get some more! Im broke 
@haylescakes Sis...I dont think I will be up 4 2nite sadly  Im in alot of pain 2day &amp; had bad nite...can we go out anotha week soon?xx
@Cleric20 Nope. Im hearing bad things. 
@mhall214  youre not supposed to...
Moment of truth!! Im nervous for her! 
&quot;Hi Im Jonathan from Spotify, 4 just 9.99 a month u cn have unlimited music w/ no interuptions&quot; But I luv r little chats J, dont leave me 
My poor heather, she didnt make the cheerleading squad. Im sorry babygirl. Maybe next year 
@Hi_Im_Chris in the other room on my work laptop  fb chat might work
Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp 
@Hi_Im_Chris and i cant get to mine  keep getting an error
Im only failing 1 class.... Algebra 2 damn it that shit is hard! 
@Im_Queen sorry if I got u sick. 
Hes just not that into you 
Im so full. Subway was bomb! Waiting for my 2nd shift to start 
Im wishing that i had the weekend off so i can go to SOL.  
@BSBTwitt U SO funny but u right! I like BSB but Im not as fan than U I love much better Tupac &amp; TLC..2 bad they're not singing anymore 
@pilgrimfamilyuk OOO YUK !! thats not good Im retching as we tweet 
Hi .. I have the net YAYY.. Im here for a short time though 
Heyy, Im Not feeling so good cuz of wat happened yesterday in the car accdentt. 
Is it really almost time to go back to Chico? Im excited but at the same time going to miss home 
Yea baby!! Im gonna miss you so much 
Im in pain been stood on my feet for 15hrs  nursing is very hard but I love it and how gorgeous is this evening xXx
@Emmaroo youre not going, are you   ?
Im bored   -musiic[BOX]
SMH!!!! Im sick with this bug that's going around..Almost everyone I know is sick, including me...   
@H0TCOMMODITY thanks, u 2!!! Idk if Im going or not... I don't feel like getting all dress up and doing my hair!!!  LOL
@Bvictor Nerves I think, Im not sure 
@tinyraisins Im in so deep its disgusting. I would even take a LITTLE help. BUt alas i sense it will never happen . . . 
@mrskutcher sorry Demi, just read post that you can attend BGT. Im sure your support for SB has helped tho  a world without paps PLZZ 
Omg, my mom just called... Im too late... Hes gone 
Im so excited about the MTV movie awards!!!  even though I won't be there   I can't wait to watch them on tv and I hope...
Mid shifts are so awful. Im just counting down time 
Im just thinking bout life. I need my bed. My fiance is in bed first 
@nickshotchick Hey! whats up? Im just at the library right now and the comp is about to sign me out 
@AdidasGoddess19 HAHA Amen! Im sooo damn hungry... And I hate knowing my weekends gonna be shit, when its supposed to be great 
@mitchelmusso I can't call Mitch!  Im from sweden!
@souljaboytellem Lucky u Im stuck in the rain... 
@dougiemcfly Have a great show Doug, have fun. Im sorry that I wont be there to watch you 
@MelanieNugent Oh damn Im sorry!!  I have been so good not adding spoilers cause @blayze316 will be watching it later!
@gawhatafeeling Ooooh, I'm jealous  I might try and get some for the saturday but I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail 
@plbrickner no I don't mind Kent it's just my best friend is going there and Im going to miss her 
Boo Im lonely and bored 
Im giving up on twitter. My pic is gone my background is gone..I'm hopeless when it comes to technology!! 
@kailaengland Im salaried so I don't make any more or less no matter how many hrs I work.  Comes with the territory I suppose.
Sitting in the car. My ipod is about to die so Im not gonna have anything to do. 
@JESS_TRUESDALE lmao! you a mess.  Im gonna be in ATL in a few weeks 
Recital starts in a few ! Im a nervous wreckkk 
@Factort_Boi yeah. im glad u asked. I learned that she was deported!  So we gotta find u another one. Im on that mission already shawdy..
Sitting in Cy's apartment trying to decide what to do for her last night in America.  Im sad.
@Orchidflower Im drinking tea...... Sad for a friday night 
Im gonna watch a move don't know witch movie. PPP is online on megaupload but in french and I don't spek french. 
@beanie612 i just saw your message  Im sorry - def movie night ASAP!!!!
@Groovy_Eeb Im not feeling well either!! I might hve to skip movie too 
listening to &quot;Is it okay if i call you mine?&quot; haha!!! EMO!!! Im so heart broken right now!!!  so saad!!! yay!!! when this misery will end!
Met the gang of bros last night, had 3 bots, DIDN'T manage to get supper and Im grouchy! How can a drinking night end without supper?! 
i cant beleive the Nugs are missing so many shots! And Kobe is looking strong and ready to finish. should i do it ? what if Im wrong 
Im Sorry for your loss  I didnt like you on Charm school . but i still dont want to see anyone loss ppl close to them.
Abigail and chloe just left. Im sad 
@getsmeoff i know the feeling! Everyones talking about albums and tours and im just like lol wut? Im so behind. Such a bad fan 
Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp 
@BrownSugaT i see the game  its not over yet..Im bout to go to bed so @iamtreybooker and @kanyeezy dont harrass me! #FF @brownsugaT
@LadyLTattoos Man, I wish I was in the D so we could hang bcuz Im in Chi in the same boat w/ nowhere 2 go 
@Crystal_ESPN I bet! Im so jealous. I wish I were there hanging out with you guys right now.  What's going on? I need details now, please.
RIP Denver Nuggets. At least Im only losin $1 on this game 
So... Im going to summer camp tomorrow. So i wont be online  ima miss yall lots! Ps. Dont IM me on aim til i get back
Im getting sick   Oh boys have a strong run!
Im bored. Lets chat. Text me. i have to be up and at college for exam by 745. 
@BlueSuede31 i wanna be drunk! i quit drinking liquor..so even though Im still QueenBacardi im not Queen Bacardi  drink one for me 
@SuperJennie10 knowing that you think guyliner is too gay for me- makes me &lt;3 you SO MUCH MORE! Have fun tonight- Im jealous 
Im so sad. Sometimes life brings me problems that i just cant solve. I dont know what to do anymore 
@R_A_I_N_E Im not really into teach mixology. Sorry.  
Im thinking suzuki should bring back the 2-stroke because eventually my poor RM 250 is going to call it quits and I don't want a thumper. 
@stefangirard   Im not sure if ur kidding or not but I really want to check the scores. Tell me it's a joke?!
Im laying in bed... Wishing he was here holding me right now... 
Mad cuz erbody &amp; they mama wanna b @ Whataburger while Im tryna get a chicken biscuit! .....been in line for 20 min 
@shelliwazzu Oh no! Im sorry ur sad  Come up and have a drink
Watching Jay Leno's last episode EVER! Im gonna cry. 
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!! who want'sto watch silent hill with me!! Im scared! 
Im sorry we're not going to make it... I'm not really feeling it and lj doesnt really want to go... Sorry 
Gosh Im tired! I got hit in the head today during team handball, HARD!! I have a headache!!   ugh
@airlanggatwerp And now, Im craving a frozen yogurt.  Udah nyobain Activia belom?
Now Im off the play me computer games.... Lame... I know 
@Gavinluvbeyonce Im soooo jealous u met B!!!!  I have been a HUGE fan since she popped out the womb and I have never met her!!! 
@KDGIRL_NKOTB @Lane_Kincaid Im NOT ripping anyone off! 
@maritorres Im missed my final Mama, I was locked up.  Hopefully my grade was high anough for me to pass the class
Sixty hours now. Im scared of the cheerleader  this last little bit of time needs to fly by.
right last tweet from my lappy, back on phone tomorrow!  Have a great day all, Im off to the beach before the long road home! xx
15 days until graduation    ....Im sad to leave SB and everyone
OK friends! Im going to sleep! I hate myself right now o Gosh! bleh! sorry if i woke everyone  ha
Argh! Firefox crash! Now Im gonna have to buff all over again *bummer!* 
@wideeyedbrowns surprisingly no, I remained pretty dry. Im soo loving Sing It Loud now. They are the nicest dudes!  I'm sad its over.
@catrevel o nooo  i realllllllly hope youre allowed out tonight!!!!!!!!!
Im up in time 2enjoy the sun. If only i had male company 2go a nice run sumwhere.Grrr  im gonna hate summer this yr 
@knuzzle, it cut off after one. Mail me some, ive wanted to try it for awhile. I can trade you for something.. Im tired but not peaceful. 
SummerHolidays.Enjoying The Sun But My Friend Is Gona Away.Im SO Bord 
just put the pool out its HOT here in London got a bit burned yesterday so Im shading today 
@garygomusic OMG I wz obsessed wiv Teddy Ruxpin when I wz small:had talking teddy-doll &amp; everything! Im still stuck in Edinburgh airport 
@lo_mercurio YAY! Im glad ur safe n sound, and u had a good time. Sorry u got 2 come back to poop a$$ pittsburgh 
Shoot me in the face. Im at piano lessons. For two hours. Ugh 
@Im_D_Millz hows wembley.. my hometown.... miss that place 
@Kenichan @etherjammer Yeah~  I have *terrible* anxiety problems so during pugs I pretty much hold my breath until someone says Im alright
is miserable! The Lakers won n Im sick again! 
@ladyk4ever is miserable! The Lakers won n Im sick again! 
Im going to Quebec for the week-end....and its another rainy day 
OMG! Im running out of money in my purse! 
Rubbish! I was hoping that would be geotagged  no Im not still in Sheffield lol
@TGatewood Tiff Im leaving 4 TheChi 2morrow...Im Gonna Miss TheParty..   So Wat ru Doing 2night?
Flying all day today....I woke up sick  I hope I get better. I HATE flying when Im sick.
Im begining to think its something in SA that makes me sick 
@Terry_McFly lmA0!! Well quit spending it DUHHH!! But Im going back to work unfourtnatley. I have no life 
Im beyond tired.... tired of listening to Nanette talk her ASS off! On the way to the airport to drop off mom. 
Done with graduation.  Im going to miss @laughgrl she's my bestie.
Getting to go and leave for dance,, but I have a feeling that this is going to be a bad day  Hopefully Im WRONG&lt;&lt;
Oh no! Im sick.. Just realized my tinkerbell clock has run out of batteries &amp; it will 4ever be 11:46 
Sitting by the water watching the kids play. Heading 2 recital tonight. Heather, Im sorry we have 2 miss the party! 
Hes gone  it was beautiful
Im up. Ugh. I think i broke my ankle 
@Sara_VFC nm jus in car u? Im so sad right n0w..tc was awes0me bt i mis th0mas so much 
Woork later  MEH Im only thirteen.. not fair !
@SplitPZ well its not hot here today &amp; my popcorns not poppin &amp; I'm in the mood to go to Balboa island but noone else wants to-Im sad 
Im super Hungry &amp; tired! Was up all night &amp; haven't eaten since yesterday 
#bgt Im so gutted I turned on halfway through the 2nd act... Flawless are the ones I wanted to see most 
@ Roro...yep! But thats not why I dont feel good. Im cramping my ass off. 
is burnt to a crisp. My boobs have completely expanded because of the heat. Urgh! Im all sore 
@DawnRichard  Im feeling neglected. DeAngelo talks to me but u act like u dont know who i am at all! lol
@lou7hood Im suprised Julians in gutted for stavros though 
@OfficialBF1943 Awesome!  Too bad Im not going though 
Everything is NOT ok. So confused! Sad for my friend! Im here for here but I dont know what else 2do! 
@irmetalhead Not exactly a milestone unless its at 10,000 but Im nothing like Ashton 
Shes not feeling well 
Onmy way home.. have nothing to do tonight...  I have no car either... Im gettingmyfreind Gav to start Twittering tonight! Yay x
Im really shocked at diversity winning. Gutted about Shaheen &lt;3  Hows all your barbique's go? xx
@VyCrawford Awe, Im so sorry to hear about your little pooch. 
 Im sorry Marena. If you liked scary movies, I'd say come with me.
Not sure if Im going to the George Straigt concert now... kinda bummed 
phones dead  .. call beez if you need to reach me.  Sorry Irv, next Saturday we can hang, Im going to a bbq
@SamLuminate Im gonna see Hillsong United tonight in Nashville. I remember u told me u were gonna try to make it, guess it didnt work out 
@LatinoBookNews did u go to the ceremony? are u at BEA? Im not 
Ohh my gosh; Rent - Im not going to cry, Im not going to cry, Im not going to cry. Eeeeep ; - i was in a good mood before this  Still(L)
@BattsLM Sometimes I dont feel like it either and Im dont always follow thru... 
@DuckyC @ACRead  Sorry - I know the feeling but I broke down and got books - Im off to bed hons! Have  a great evening
@Akuma360 Im so with you. 
Open house is over. Im soooooooooooooooo tired  @dsquared92 thanks for coming! Sorry it was kind of awkward haha
@Rae_living_50 wow...what a difference..you looks cute both ways...but blonde hair color suits you best!   Im reddish brown 
Im hungry.And feel like taking a nap.  Somebody feed me.
Hot &amp; cloudy i hate this weather...  Im gonna go Play my drums.. Later..
startin to wish id gone to the rowan tree  Im Sooooo Borreddd
@LMarle Im so sorry to hear. Very tragic. 
@LadyLogan God Im sooo jealous!!!!  I going out for work and you are watching/touching Dane!!! LOL 
Sick to my stomach. Literally. Im praying its not the flu cuz it came on sooo suddenly. Eff my life. 
@phatfffat me too grl. Im so pissed that the Cavs lost 
Down to 31 cents.  Im trying to keep my monies about me. And my ears from bleeding.
@ClairessaAnn God. Im kind of mad...  why...why?
Awwww Im sad Bronny doesnt have any help  
Hey, Im still sick  cant wait for MTV awards tonight- gotta love twilight but i'll watch it on youtube instead. damn not having foxtel!
@ttaasshhaa Myspace. Im like 'Twitter Time' Lmao. Im feeling a bit better actually. I still have a headache though  Rofl eat her? How  ...
Iam wiped  ughhhhhhh night twitters l8ta
Im sooo sad i didnt go to prom  fuck me. Atleast im drinking with my girls.
Right now my mom is on her way to Paris, jealous huh? Im gonna miss her so much 
Worst night of my life  @Lindsey3415 and @Im_Always_Right I have to call you guys soon
Im so sick and all i want is some @lolo1028 and Kimmy time 
@agentdoublelYah youwere Alex's best friend!Do you still talk to her&amp;live in Midlo?Im in Japan but moving to NC 4 senior year rly soon 
@agentdoublel you were Alex's best friend!Do you still talk to her&amp;live in Midlo?Im in Japan but moving to NC 4 senior year rly soon 
Ladies nite is over.   Im having a lite snack and 1/2 a glass of wine, then lights out. Sweet dreams to all... xoxo
Omg. Im so mad.  today is not my day, woke up at 12pm. I was good alone till about 7 or 8 . Than momny and daddy came home. Than left  ...
@FrangrantSami Oh Ive seen commercials for that. Regular ambien works for me. Im hopin the melatonin kicks in soon. Gotta wake up at 545  
@_andrew_g  I saw that on your flickr site! Sad pic . .beautifully captured though. Im amazed at the cameras u hav used!!
Remind me never to eat seafood again... Im for sure allergic to it.  lame!
@JoHart I'm exhausted just thinking about the aggravation. Dreading finding that I can;t access YouTube either-then Im in the poo 
damn you abc, why must you play Dr Who on a Sunday while Im at work  hoping I finish at 730...
@jaquiinewland OMG I havent thrown up soo much in my life! Im embarrassed at how loud and stupid I was! 
Crap Im so freaking tired, I tosed and turned all night 
the prospect of exams and a BGT figure near 20m has worked its magic. Im sufficiently depressed now 
remember when Lendon said &quot;Im so sorry she never got a miracle&quot;  
@TrixyFirecrackr  Im sooo sorry J.. Thinking of you. &lt;3
just been for a walk in the beautiful weather!  Im still a bit burnt from yesterday though   Hopefully it will turn into a tan!
@Suspenseful Sorry I went to bed  Im 5 hrs in front of you remember ;)
Im tiredddddd!  howerever this Air mattress was an amazing idea!!! While it lasted, glad its over!
I love That Im Scottish But i hate Me i just feel that sometimes Im worthless and i guess today is one of those days  Ugh
Omg O level mother tongue exam tmr! And I feel Im not prepared! 
@dajbelshaw old version? Im a  total MBP noob, Doug  heres the link to the listing http://bit.ly/b2HIV
I am mentally exhausted. Worried n exhausted. Im checking myself in to e mental hosp. Send fruits n namecard,so i rem who u r. 
Argh got the train time wrong... Im well too early 
Im at church in sunday school bored out of my freaking mind!  Kat Woman OUT 
Ive manage to actually really really hurt my knee  Its true, Im a walking Health and Safety risk!!
Im sick today  headache, sore throat , and nausa. I hope i feel better. Ill have to listen to @jonasbrothers today it mite help
@Spite1977 Im good just tired....tryrin to go back to sleep but i cant 
@Coleen_Skeabeck Elderly effects of being 25!?!?!?! lol. Im staying 29 forever.. don't want the elderly effect of 30. 
@David_Laing Dammit, I can't believe Im going to miss another Gala day season 
@ trevorhoen  Yo hun! Im doing good. Im glad you got your SHOW! My classes r over now!  But my next show is June 6. Big event many artist!
@Heidi_range Im jealous! I've just come back from work &amp; I'm trying to catch sun but shade is progressively taking over my garden  lol.xx
@starvemepretty Oh wow u work at curves....im embarassed 2 go back cuz i joined went 2x then stopped for a month! Im soooo out of shape! 
shit shit, I just printed out 10 pages of single sided notes in colour. Im so sorry Earth 
You know when you're bored, but you can't  be arsed to do anything?  I'm irritable, have no energy AND a sore throat. Yeah Im gettin ill 
I have a huge headache that doesnt let me sleep. I feel kinda better though. Iam never going to drink ever again 
@jamiedukes Biggest bust? Stafford. Im a lions fan Why not beef up your line and than get a great QB next year? The next year of the QB 
@mrswayandsodmg Lol well U cant win em all  But Im sure U'll see him again lol...so wat U up2?
Gosh, Im gonna miss my twitterberry, mi cel llegara hasta aqui.. 
Im learnin the splits again!! FUN!! I miss feeling my thighs stretched out  [dont think nasty thoughts... u whores]
@JonesBeach_1988 I got loads of em 2  I thought was Kitten pics,Im so thick..it was wrong kinda pussy lmfao,Virus things going nuts ere!
@Jodz101 youre so lucky 
@busch18baby Awww Im sorry..   it will get better, I SWEAR..  not til you get older, but it will get better.. MWAH!!
@charleneortiz U were online?  I should've open the com. Im using my iPod so I didn't notice that u were online  TTYL! ~TC~
Can everyone please pray for my dad?  Im with him at the hospital and he either had a stroke or its a brain tumor... 
Its cold, shower. Laying around allday. Im sorry babe 
Why do people have to lie??. Iam not in a good mood. 
In Tulare. Im so sad bc i miss my merced, atwater, and turlock friends!! 
@lilyroseallen Im allergic to the worst...Rubber  not a joke lol even tho its very funny lol
Omg. Im going to be carless... NOOOO! 
is seriously freakin out over next week!!!!!!! cant wait till friday  n Im FREE!!!!!! oh dear ive got a dance exam 2 worry about 2!  xxx
Im Hungry havent ate since last night cant hold nothin on my stomach!! 
@thecenterline   Tweeter is suppressing my tweets.    Im so excited you saw it!  Did you like it honestly?
Im cleaning my aquarium and 3 fish died instantly in the container I put them in. Guess they didn't like the change. 
@kelsey_duryee im to afraid to ask. Fred has her claws out. Im sorry kessi  
@mileycyrus  Miley forgive me! Im truly sorry! I got hacked while I was away from my computer.I would never say stuff like that.
@ravenkstarr thats whats up. Im workn til 10   someone has to. Njoy ur R&amp;R B.A.S.I.C. B.L.A.C.K.
Im going 2 miss my friends soo much! And my house..And even CT a lil bit  
I think Im getting sickkkkkkkkkkk my throat iZ sore  ....I thought it waz my allergies 
Im a little sick  I REALLY want to go to school tommorow. For soccer and Monica's painting &amp;mint tea.
@MyMassAppeal Heat = shaving half of my head like CASSIE lol but all iz well I think Im getting sick 
Im doing my history essay rough copy...... Okay so attempting to do it... School you make me sad 
Home...My car is dead  Step dad lent me the van to get around, Ethans bday is coming , Rent and Gas due, and Im broke and stressin 
@kim_chi oh im loving Parsley lately! Im a big MAG fan too. My all time fave was a PTO though... 
@simplysoph007  man I know Im UBER late on the music tip these days.  OrganizedChaos
@jonathanrknight Im so sad Jon my old twitter got deleted and now i don't have Any dms from you in my inbox  it makes me sad I love you
@FIAO Im in Toronto 
Im finally almost home! Gosh, so tired! 
Unfortunatly, Im too lazy to get up &amp; turn on the TV to watch the MTV Awards..   Tell me what happened? JK
Hi guys, now finally i  in bed- im home and hope u all got my last asylum post?. Im here. Thinking, misha *sigh* sniff, i need a hug 
@Silversea23 Lol, yes. Then again, Im doing it next year no matter what.  Im freaking out b/c I might not graduate.  
@JessicaBrea lol- where in Georgia- cause Im right by the border...  unfortunately
#confession Im Mis-Under-Stood by the world.....I always had to be my own #1 fan cuz no one else EVER believed.  
I Mean @suppNikky Im Sick! 
@Marq_Von Yea thats what Im trying to do. I waited to the last hr before the test closed. But Im not gonna stress. We'll see tomorrow. 
@bananafacexo Oh. I have the ev2 It has  a keyboard but it  flips open not slide  Im hopin to get a blackberry storm or.. *Its u&amp;me 4eva*
Ahhhhh!!! Im going to be so pissed if erick dies!!! 
Im sooo sad and disappointed.Miley really deserved to win in that category  I mean i liked all the nominees but wantd her to win!!
We just lost our lil Roxxtarr. Jack-a-poo arrived and left in june. Im so sorry, love. 
@kevinrose take a pic i want to see it!  Maybe Im bored 
@Knot2serious Sorry, I missed out, but Im slave in my own home!   Srsly, feel bad about missing it&amp;I think I need 2have long talk w/peeps.
Does anyone understand how to use IMAP? Im not getting duplicated e-mails &amp; I am not seeing all of my outlook emails in gmal - frustrated 
Now Im SAD, i was talking about my baby brother who I haven't seen since he was new born.   
@mileycyrus CONGRATS! &lt;33 Again, Im sorry about what that hacker said.  Forgive me Miley!!
Cant sleep.  idk why! Im really tired too! Ugh.
@najlepsza  are you really gonna be like that. Im just gonna go cut myself for real this time... God!
My Hot Pink BBErry died  and Im EXHAUSTEDDEDD tomorrow is going to be MAJOR work!
when you dont do what youre suppose to, you have to work late  
Lost odyssey is a bullshitt game Im just mad cus i can't beat this worm 
@mileycyrus YOU WONNN???? Ayayay congrats!! You deserve it  Im from Indonesia and we have different time. So, I didnt watch you. Sorry 
Im already near my house  Why dont YOU come visit ME! Haha. Ps. Plz bring potato gems??
Aww Eminem Im disappointed. Id have thought you'd be much more cool than that 
@Chip216 its my bday and youre not here  ugh
Im FL, bout to go to bed...looking forward to lounging bythe pool all day tomorrow. Missin my baby... 
Im sick  think i have flu, i have an exam later too. Oh happy days 
Left the house @ 905 still waiting for a bus!! where are they all today... now Im late for work and with all the pensioners lined up! 
@StephWBates  Booo!   Im ok, tired, always am at the moment, struggle to get up everyday!! lol
@Doc_aka_UNBorn hahaaa... ur crazy! Im a coffee person 4 real...dont drink that much beer but ALWAYS have it. &amp; the pool... poor froggy! 
So Im JUST gettin dun w my photoshoot! All I can say is... HOT! Yaaaaay I'm excited - ok I'm sleepy as all hell n gotta drive 30min bk hm 
@katykate7  Im in US in August.. she will not be around then.. and no word of Aussie tour...  Sad face...
@BlowhornOz @TvFanUk Im good, Hows you? At college atm  x
@JaydyGaGa Im not going till the 24th either. Then 25th for me. Then all over 
Im gona run my FAT out now.Too much gd food e past few days   &amp; tmr.mini-mini marathon followby semi gd food i guessed.u know ann 
@MollieOfficial Im meant to be going to Britney on sunday but the tickets still havnt arrived 
@jkennedy4thewin Im stuck with Tmobile for another year  My dad is getting the Iphone though! No fair!
Im so hungry!!!!  10 mins til lunch thank god!!!  Boring tuna salad!! 
Im ill  and i have SO much food tech coursework to do. Grr.
Im tired, really tired of everything that is going on. Why is everything on me? 
My phone is Broke and acting all wierd    Im heading out to see if i can get it replaced now.
@Whagi_The_Gamer Im outside.... On a bus. 
@KARupert Im so sorry to hear that Kristen. 
Im late for school!ah! I wish i could go out on the lake with Taryn. 
anyone knows where I can find the list of pax of AF447?  Im so sad. When you work inside a plane it affects you even more.
Im MAD at my self.... I droped my iPHONE and the screen is completely shattered!!!!!! 
STILL UP! Im finishing an assignment bt man am i tired it is 1:47am here  in NZ! mand high school sux 
@itsaEthing Damn homey...Im stuck at work, n u gettin right over there  Im so jealous
I want an promo code  Im in bed though! No fair!  Anyone want to do me a favor? Hehe
Im really hungry .. and I had breakfast today .. normally when I dont have breakfast I'm not hungry. My body is confused. 
@MsCoxALot I'll join you!! Ive been up since 5am and our office air con has died!  Zillion and one degrees!
@caramboo  Gutted!  That said, I just found out IOW festival doesn't allow open fires!  Im devastated.  
@TSSexyChanel Omg i wish i could sleep  Im up..being productive and working again..thinking about writing short stories..what you think?
Im off twitter for awhile. My phone is dying and i cant find my Damned charger 
@debsinpa  Oh no...team did not win Im guessing?  Sorry!
Im gonna go now guys, my Mum is here and I'm in desperate need of a hug  Thank u making me laugh2day, lots of hugs2u xxx xxx
Im siiiiick  Yucky cold
@LUVYATEAMEDWARD Is there a site you can watch it besides Youtube? Im behind a firewall at work. 
@TashRena I think that is an GREAT idea!!! Im so ready to hit the ATL this weekend so wish u could come n hang out with us 
Made a pretty sweeeet powerpoint presentation, all I have to do now is write what Im going to say  Ruuubbish.
Different! Im not gunna see u at promotion  ill put pics on facebbook! Haha
@Motoko_K Im sorry!! I didnt mean to hurt your feelings  i freaked out for a sec and overreacted  please accept my humblest apologies!
@lukevicars hahahahahahahaha! that was funny! Im gonna miss you, Lukey! 
@winebratsf Im not kidding. Mitch throws things at me! sometimes they hit me 
Im mad right now. My friend made me feel like shit. 
@Starr_Baby Im doing the same but @T0y_T0y being mean to me   ....can you please tell her to stop lol
Been up for 21 hours and have to stay awake cuz i got skool @ 1:30 which is 2hrs away. Im so tired 
@kaytsays  Im grilling here in VA without you 
Im soooooooo tired...   working soooooo HARD...
Im feeling a little salty...I allowed my Jetblue credit to expire 
@angiewarren wish u were closer... Just included pics from JCP Im not totally in love with 
Im so sad i cant give Plasma nd that means no extra $55 a week 
Im back down to 70 followers  Still dont want an Xbox and camera controlls sound crap. #e3
@matthewrex Im still waiting on EP3 
@officialcharice Sama ako. Im bored in my house. 
So my aunt says that during the summer she wants to give me driving classes. Agh! Im scared  haha
@cartoonmoney Shhhhh! Im not watching yet 
Im assuming Dantes inferno is being shown. shame i have to do this through PSP 
@Rondo88 you`ll have to keep putting aftersin/moisturiser on or you be a peely thing! Im sounding like a girl now 
Well I have a presentation and an essay and an assignment i havent even started yet. Im doing a all nighter. Cheer for procastination! 
@x_Maxine_x Im scaredi t is actually someones mum haha a duno :^) drunk probably 
Iam already here in my room. And it feels lonly iam sad. 
Good night world. I'm more pissed off now after telling myself not to be a pissed off girl. And Im going to go and read my book. 
@TiffanyNicole25 YAY!!!! I can't wait...and no, Im probably the only lame that missed the Awards lastnight 
@BrookeJasmyn thats terrible!! Ask @goodgirlnns 4 some good remedies. I wonder if EmergenC will do the trick.  Im not versed in allergies 
hEy tWEeTS! oH Im JUst aT HomE bORed...WishinG i Was aT thE pOOL oR thE beACh!!!  lATA tWeetS!
dont know which book to read? I dont want to move on from Twilight. But i have to  might start my Dr Who books. Im so behind
Its so HOT!! Im melting. 
Im fucking Pissed!, i lost my ID Again :@ not even a month 
This weekend has been just wonderful! Too bad Im still sick... When am I gonna be well? 
@sarah_marina Yeah 2 bad it'll only be 3 songs their gonna sing but Im grateful 4 anythin &amp; itll be my 1st time seeing the band w/o Leroi 
Oh no! I lost 2 followers  what did i do so wrong? Im gonna start being really nice. Starting by being really nice &amp; playing Free Rice!
Im *so* frustrated with my cellphone  It didnt send/receive any txts the last 2 days. I had 2 reset it this morning and then, BANG, 4 txt
@paulnzch He's good. Thanks for asking. Me, Im a lil under the weather 
@OfficialBF1943 http://twitpic.com/6flg6 - Dam I soo want to be there but atlast, Im in the bay area. 
@GabrielSaporta Im not happy  I want u in Chicago now!! lol ^.^ lub u Gabe!!
@iChelz lucky biatch.Im hungry.Eating noodles. 
Someone come visit me for my last hour and a half at work! Im all by myself  and the mall is DEAD
@Iam_srose I watched your last vlog. I'll really miss you on twitter 
@YoungQ NO! Im not home 
Mi corazon is pounding! Im friggin nervous 
@SmithClarkson Not doing the others cuz got a teaching summer job down souf - so i'm UK bound this summer  as Im saving for CHiTowN
Im going to shit my self Supernatural is going to be horrible its about a killer clown 
Im back in Arklow people!!!  Looking forward to going back to waterford but not to work 
I have have to chose which cd to order off GK. Atl or fnb? Im leaning toward atl, i like their shirt. &amp; my old atl shirt has paint on it. 
@Antuno what was your question about the Ralliart? Im not understand &quot;am I on it&quot;...sorry! 
Im watching a movie with my madreeeee and ohhh chet its so sad! Im crying lol. Bleh i feel a little better. Had to get a shot 
Im really not likin the pain thats in my right hand!! This makes me sad  Can anyone lend a hand? .. literally .. give me ur hand?! Plzz
@roxaloxa CONGRATS! Im so jealous! Here I am stuck in the crowd 
@jonathonwarren crap!! Dont look but Im number 4 now!!!! 
Im tired but this horrible headache is keeping me up! Asprin doesnt work at all and my head hurts so bad 
@ehasselbeck Is there any way you can tell us ahead of time? Im on Long Island and would have arranged somethig to see you! 
Im hungry as hell right now Lmao 
@HollywoodHames Oh no. Im sorry to hear that 
Home now. 3 more days! Im sooo ready!  My everything(:
@ToodlesNoodlesz Im sorry  I love you Alana 
I'm convinced.....somebody definately kidnapped my girlfriend....she's prolly in a van on her way to mexico. Im WORRIED!!! 
Alright love @riskybizness23 Im going to sleep... besides you're hurting my feelings by not responding   But enjoy your night... ttys
@DonnieWahlberg - Where r u? Im sad. I need a hug... 
@MrCartersNurse Saw your call &amp; VM and we'll talk tomorrow, working late tonight  But Im missing you! And Nick lol
@kiss_sweet_mand Oh no, Im seriously saddened to hear that...wish I could do something to help you out, 
That hurt. Im gonna makin frowny now.   @myscottydont Yeah, but you have a radio series! http://bit.ly/mkumY
im back on Twitter !! Hehe. School tommorow!! Im sad just thinking about it  Toko is such a crappy school lol
@KeenanBlogger you need to tweet about TBD, because it's amazing and Abs Diet tweets are my favorite don't stop! Im loosing followers too 
@JBMareMareJB im sorry!  Im sad too, I live like 3 hours away from Dallas, and I have no way to get there. but we both need to think
Im gonna give my jet lag a serious POW POW....this sucks 
Im wide awake. Had a REAL bad nightmare...about fucking Zombies. Woke up the first time to dogs barking, the second time to gun shots. 
Wow Im still up. Its not I went out. Ive been layin up in da crib watchin tv. Aint even notin on  its just makin me hav late nite munches
Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp 
Im Confused 
SOOO Im moving 
@ElNacho @ptemps @meik85 Im jealous  Have fun guys, and take lots of cool pics and vids for me to see when you return!
@Im_GEELOW iii heart you friend$ soooory for being a druuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunk bitch  ittl be ur turnb thursday ti t.u.! Ugh sieeeeey
I've only been off work for 1 day, and Im already swampped.  Weather is great though, having lunch on Portobello Road. Hmmmm. Food.
So I'm going 2 try it again. Lights out, cell off. If Im back on @ 4AM, I don't know what I'm going 2 do 
Awake and miserable. Ughhhh. Im sooo tired.  yay time to get ready to go to the airport.
@siz_star Hmm duno. Im not eating on me bill 
Finally on the bus. Sleepy time. Im hungry 
@_Angeline_ Im sure if you ignore it. tax day will go away. . Ugh, this year, even after what they took out, I had to pay more. 
@darlingnikki09 Omg girl. Im trying to have your back but you make it impossible. I thought we understood each other now 
@eddieizzard The Dutch weather is beautiful aswell! To bad Im inside all day  Bit of a bummer
@pato_30stm Im in agony..Sun burn is not good  and i have sliced all my foot from the beach..Hows you?
@JLSOfficial Marv ! Im gutted im not goin  Bad Times !, We want some CD Signing's please ?  LOVE YOU'SS ! xxxx
@JustAliceCullen Oh alice. Im so sorry  Wat would jazz say if u dont give this kid birth?
Damn, Im so tired! This last week has really knackered me, I still have loads left to do 
@katyperry The UK heatwave is fab isnt it! Looking forward to your gig in Brighton - Im so excited that Im even going on my lonesome 
Im mad cause im still awake. Ha eating chip and dip lol  well aim me twits. SN itzkeylovebaby
Ugh! Im sick, burnt, sore, and tired.  Tinkerbell is free for the time being. my arm is so sore.
Im enjoying the sun with sanne and ingeborg! We just had our last exam biology! It was kinda easy! Let me get my tosti! 
@lilyroseallen you off to land of the rising sun n Oz etc - jammy cow  any space for a littl un in yr hand luggage? Im quiet ish!!!
Im very ill....again! Stuck in bed not being able to enjoy the sunshine  x
@kaliboooo   Im sorry !   you should have taken some LASAGNA-  I heard your bus was LATE
@ThierryNguyen Im not a baller  and I went to their silly DSi event and everything!!
So yeah. I feel like shit. Im sick. Sore throat, stuffy nose, and Tired! And i have to go to work. Blegh arrg grr humph wahh! 
Im...kind...of...Disappointed  Thats bad
On our way home! Im so sad! Ima gone move here when i get outta college! For real!! 
Well guys Im going to see if World of Warcraft is up and running again after their 12 hour maintenance that is going on right now 
Im going through Freaks &amp; Geeks withdrawl. 
Hes off to work and i miss him already 
@DannysGirlinSFl that would have been awesome but I forgot Im going to marco Island this weekend with the fam 
Well, Im not okay!!! 
Found it, but I also made my mom cry. Im a horrible person 
Im so angry my parents got rid of G4 wanted to see their live coverage  #e3 #MW2
Im bummed that i cant book Confide till like.... next month 
@minorityx Last night was seriously insane! Im sorry I didnt get to say bye  Oh my lord what a good show! That mosh was so dangerous haha
Im going to bed. My tummy hurts 
OMG...... Im the only 1 workin in clinic tonight and my last client canceled 
@Rick3793 what leaving me ...Im a sad kitty 
@BleuMuze Sorry 2 hear that  those are not fun!!!! Im ok...just relaxin ;) I hope u feel better soon 
wait, that Im A Celebrity show is on 4 nights out of the week? 
@wondrous_as_u Late breaking news...Im reporting the same 
Tomorrow is the last day  Im really going to miss everyone 
@TommiWill lol thats it? Mann I be goin at it in the weight room.my team starts back lifting 4days a week on the 8th  lol Im tired of this
@MileyJack same.. &amp; I jus got back from a camp. Im so TIRED &amp; kinda messedup cuz my bestie is movin to Australia 
Im watching the Parent Trap. Seeing Natasha Richardson makes my heart hurt. 
@mangobanna I really need to talk to you  Nothing bad, Im just really lost right now. But I must sleep now.
Im suree ill be up though, just the fact my body would make me  just readyy to take 3hour summer morinin showers AGAIN!
@mai52takn Im sorry  I hope he makes it up to you! John and I are in that &quot;boring&quot; stage &amp; we r not married
@linhtlam yooo! got some bummer news: Im not comin to that camp thing in Cali  Im goin to the one by Mish in Hawaii
Ohhh Im so upset...my 2 surviving fish now have Ick...thanks to the new bottom feeder. Now I have to treat the whole tank 
Ohhh Im so upset...our 2 surviving fish now have Ick...thanks to the new bottom feeder. Now I have to treat the whole tank 
Im so tired today! Maybe because I got no sleep last night?! 
My little sister wnt 2 Pune 4 her job 2day. Mum cried as if she got married! Im gonna miss our khit pit and cat fight over clothes..  #fb
Dad and sis arguing about life.. Im watching 
First night of my guinea pigs living outside. Im worried about them  
@shezy123 Yeah i did   i hung Round Wii Im   im Gonna Go put flowers down tomoz at the blue lagoon  i miss im tbh :'( xxxxx
Im Getting to teeth pulled out tommorow !  I was really excited .. Now im terrified ! 
@tophatdog Yeah Im glad Conan is back. I missed him 
@Topshop_tweets Im watching it now! Its so cruel 
Lightning! Strong lightning! EEK Im sacred. 
Sadly it was a no  - But it was a great interview, as always Rob....Im having a picnic today woop! Come out sunshine!!!!
@Hayley_x like football with out the foot. Lol. Im out as well  but will be rubbish lol
@grrroyd Nooo. Madaya right? Im sure that person who got sick went to restaurants around DLSU diba:| CSB people might be aqcuire it too 
@grrroyd Nooo. Madaya right? Im sure that person who got sick went to restaurants around DLSU diba:| CSB people might aqcuire it too 
Geo Test Today .....  Im VERY scared
Im soo soo Sick !! Ate pizza it didnt amke me any better so 
@mjb__ yer but he's going with Jodie so I canny go with him :/ Im just really scared haha 
@Live_for_Films Im sorry I have mistakenly quoted u. 
Just got off work. Whew I went in at like 530. Im exhasted.  Aw, this was my last day, im a little sad. I met some wonderful people. &lt;3.
why cant I just do this  Maybe Im just discouraged easily, but I have a need for things to work.I want progress, but it is nowhere.
@eumom Im good thanks. Nice to see the weather cooled down. Not nice for Tara 
@mkayes I know just fed up with coughing esp at night sound like I am a smoker and Im not!!Chest really sore been in bed most of week 
Just woke up. Going back to augusta today but way later. Im super tired! 
Good morning!! Im so tired i can not go to the school!! 
Ugh... Getting dressed to go to the dentist. Im so freaking nervous! 
@Rwil007  My wk has ben rough but Im stil blessed. . . All of my kids r sick. . .1 has strep throat 2 have a virus  &quot;ReStOrA &quot;
Reading Book #4 in twilight....I love these books lol. Im really sleepy  ugh.
@hellaradstar You are lucky! Alot of people are having disc authentication failure and cant play until they make a patch. Im jealous! 
@92carina     Im sad now .... I want the old DAnny Jones lookalike back!!!!!!!!!!!!! With cute hair!!!
@Lindsayslifee Why do you want to speak to me so badly lol..Im no one imporant...Even though i wish i was 
@drealaflare lol.. Im very jealous!!  dat just means u both owe me TFF time!! @devon_leigh
@PrincessCatwalk yes I was just thinkin I wish we could go back  Mar is pose to be goin this yr. Im sad lol We had a ball Bean
Im uber jealous of Zan right now! I wish I was at the beach right now gettin breakfast served to me!!! 
Do my best to repay.. Im working every weekday.. ill pay the bills oneday.. By singing my heart out! I have a bad headache and no 02 cred 
@Princess__Erika heyyy girlie. Im chillin, sick  How are you?
OMG! I am about to pay off a $1000 vredit care bill. Im going to cry when its all over because thats really gonna break my pockets 
Lost another 3 followers  Ive not even said anything this time. Boo  Im in such a weird mood : / hmm..
Disneyland! Actually....ca adventures right now.. Im so hungry though 
@maffster ha yeah...my name is Katrina, and Im a Sims3 addict.already.it worked on my laptop!which overheated,turned off and lost my game 
@Breezy7808 Im still laying down 
@_harrypotter_ ooc: Your screwed.  Im sorry. (really I am)
is half way through his Nazi promoting history homework..what a joke..Im jewish 
@MsJuicy4 Im at Melbourne  LOL
Im going for The Lakers but honestly i just dont see Orlando being defeated  sighhh too much man power on that team!
&lt;-- Thinks that @EZPimpinKam needs to give me a tour of Brooklyn... Im dyin to come up there.. 
@ziggykai I had an iced coffee from Dunkin Donuts but now Im badly in need of more 
What the fuck happened to the sun...  Im pissed!! Who is going to Lick tonight at chop suey??
Its about time for the last friday of school to be here! Im.... Sadly in english 
@tweettweetbabe ohhhh  !!! Im going to Tunisia and u ??
only a few more hours of work to go!! Feel like Im gettin sick though..runny nose, scratchy throat...never a good combo 
@InternationalEA lma0...I feel ya! gotta contract wit sprint fu*k ass Im so ova mii instinct   iphone Nxt!!! yoo which is better ifone/g1
@sophagemcmuffin Weak hope u feel better. I had tonsilitis earlier this year was iller than i've been in ages Im not up to much, 2 poor  x
Booooooo Im all alone at work....this sucks 
well looks like Dallas is a no go  who wants to take me on a date??? Im sure in the mood for free food!
It feels really cold but its 12 degrees C, Argh Im coooooold 
@TiFFDiLL awww  oh well, you will def be there in spirit. While Im talkin, I hope my butt can make it to GUMBO. LOL
When I go to see Bon Iver I'm going to smuggle in boxes of kleenex and sell them for 10$ a pop... oh wait Ill need them... 
Im aggravated &amp; pissed! Im bout 2 cancel my Bowling Night!! 
@TheRealJordin i know exactly how your feeling  Im curled up in bed right now witha hot water bottle. NOT FUN! haha hope you feel better x
@cdouglasroberts.... awww  Im across the state in Knoxville.
Hello everyone, I didnt get any sleep  Im so beat and I hav to work tonight. Omg
@TheRealJordin Awweh! I know how you feel! Im sorry to hear you have bad cramps too!  Get well soon!!!
@Uk_joedan_fan Grrr. Im going to have to wait for a week or so  *sigh* thank you though!!
OMG falling asleep waiting for my rental and i just got here! Im lame 
DAMN sometimes under the shower Im freestylin good clublines and some good singing lines for new songs, outside the shower Id forget them 
@MyLoveIsAmazing No I wish I was!  A club promoter - friend of mine has tix 4 me but my BF is havn her grad party 2night too.. Im pissed!
@MyLoveIsAmazing &amp; he's throwing the after party with Trey Songz &amp; Im gonna miss that too!!  But she's my BF and I can't disappoint her..
1.) Im going to Hillcrest soon. 2.)  Imma have to miss ellen  3.) I still love you, Terra
@HOOPSLasVegas1 Hmph!  Y u insist on teasin me! It cant happen! Im a gazillion miles away from u! LOL
@C_Ashtin yea Im working right now  I got mine and use it like once a month lol
Can someone take my phone away?? Im making bad choices.... 
Just RUBBBBB it in @SongzYuuup !! Im gonna miss it!  I'll catch u next time ure in Hartford.. 
I love u girl . Im so sorry  Really
Grr Im cravin a cuddle off jake  i love that boy, dont want him to grow up...ever. In bed now-niiight x
ever had that feeling youre about to get broken up with? yeahh... i have that feeling 
@Appilicious Dude now that you're back, Im not worried bout you, but I AM worried bout the $10 iTunes GC u were sposed 2 gimme last week! 
This is how we do it....La ra ra ra ra ra...This is how we do it. Its friday night, and Im in the house on twitter 
@lili17mc Aww  baby come to my grandmas house! Im here now and she has plenty of rooms! Baby i love you so much!
Jenn please say something to me. anything at all. I dont want to bother you and Im sorry for anything I did. please say something. please 
Im falling into you..I know Im meant for you. Cool whip &amp; Jim Carrey is a great way to spend fridays  &amp;&amp;forty days ;; &lt;3
@sweetone30 Yeah I have a double shift tomarrow  BUT Im sooo bored LOL
Im so over working  But there is really good artichoke dip in the gallery tonight. YUMMY
OK I think Imma go in the kitchen and attempt to make some sort of edible meal. Im sick of this diet 
@meli_1: Awww really? Your my main squeeze and i wont get to see you on my BIG 21  Im missing my mrs. Carter
@RowdyBaby9 OHHH I see.. Im waiting on alcohol right now, whiskey &amp; beer.. Cant shake this damn depression, gettin worse as night comes 
Meow meow, Im back home, but I want to be at my bro's.  Had fun at my cousins though 
Im watching Casino Royale with my mom...while i COULD be @SOMAsd  fridays Arent supposed to be like this..
@captainstefanie Im sorry to hear you had a rough day at work  Do you have the weekend off?
Work Stinks.... Im looking for a new Job This is just wearing me out. Im ready for summer... oh forgot it is summer already. 
@Jester512 Im so sorry, i was helpin mark with some stuff after the show &amp;never saw this tweet reply until now,I feel bad  Thx 4 listening
Im sad  and i love NICK J (now listen JB fly with me and then paranoid)
Leaving AZ mow! 30 hrs in 2 days on set! Im sunburnt 
Where on earth has the summer gone? Im absolutely frozen, its p-ing down with rain! Come back mr sun 
@Urly2day Yea bae...Im up by Marietta or some shyt at her skool.. I gotta fly out early tomorow tho 
Im craving hashbrowns  Boo to having a stupid eating schedule.
@a_glance_behind Bahaha go our 18 hours later replies ;) But dude I cant look for a layout tonight Dx Im at dads and I need my comp !!  Xx
Home noww. I think Im sick  Dance was fun, except it being cut short -_-
i want to go to Japan aswell. Im pretty bummed 
@x09Elliex Ellie Im jealous  Havee fun tho..and make sure you take loads of pics &amp; videos for us plz ..especially some aston close ups x
Im up and at um, haha! Ready to go shopping, shame my mum is late, im gonna miss the train now  Never mind, theirs always moreeee!
@iD3sign I know right.Im hungry. 
Thank y'all 4 ur responses. Im so indecisive I really do like the IPhone but not crazy about Itunes  I will keep U updated. *off 2research
Workin 9am to 9pm without a break that has to be illegal!!! Im gonna be like a zombie by the end of today 
@FLAWLE55ROYALTY Bahamas :-| damn Im gettin jealous now 
@ajaywatts  Im OK&gt; im just sometimes have to cut or hit a bit to let off pressure -- its hard when so many hate me esp HIm who i loved . 
@mswilliamsmusic Im at work so im up with ya. Sleepy 
Im looking for a guy named Francis :|  :&quot;&gt;
http://twitpic.com/6qj1x - Yesss Im A Cat .. I thought it waz Funny .. Im Sorry I Wasted Ur Time 
Morning Twittererererers!! Why does it have to rain???  Im happy today though! Lovin life!!xx
@nileyfan2009TV We've been thought a lot together and now we're friends... But nothing like we're gonna end up.. Iam so pessimistic 
Im sorry you cant slp  Rio (G.M.B)
Retweet @_ANNiCA_: Im sorry you cant slp 
Cause i might be worn out today from work. Im off sun so we can take time &amp; do it well. But its up to u when get. Almost ready for work. 
@junnetx i am not shy. i love you :$ just because im not always inappropriately dancing with you. . i know youre jealous 
Lastnight was fun! Met the coolest new friends and ate some bomb ass wings! Damn Im hungry 
Im really glad  don't have to work today...at either job. YAY.....but why I up at 930?  Going to spend the day in my pool.
@Bethaneystone Afternoon. Im good thanks.. getting very bored with Revision tbh  And get distracted by this way too easily how are you? xo
@hayjane Sorry Im so boring on twitter!!  X
The ultimate highs and lows. One of my best friends getting married. Then Im off to a funeral 
@GucciLipgloss Yes! I might take the DO cause Im extremely sick. 
@CharleneBx We have a wee bit of rain  Better clear up for 2nite tho. Im out at my mums the now, party 2nite  Drunken fun in the shed :L
Mother eff. Im sick again for my stupid sat! Help me pass 
@LittleLiverbird Im staying in the current house cause i got one more year on uni left... He's off doing his own thing... Im  .Good friend
@NicoleHainey23 Well im gonna find a way to get my chinese. Im starving... although a chinese aint healthy 
Im gettin' ready for ANOTHER CHURCH BANQUET...  lollllzzzz
Ugh im starting to wonder how Im going to keep up w/ OLTL in California when I dont have a computer to watch clips 
@trent_reznor Trent, Im upset....is it TRUE that there will be no more NIN after this tour??   
On my way to softball. Im dead Tierd, its starting to rain, and my back hurts. Ouch  but praise the lord im alive another day! XO
@ijustine Im waiting for your next tweet as you've scared(?) me with your Pre post! I think you'll end up with one 
Im about to leave this house for the day...but i dont have anything to do  i wanna go to Jersey but i dont wanna drive that far damn w ...
My mommy wont take me to see @HonorSociety  Im at camp when they come :/ Grrrrr.. I will never see a concert in my lifetime. Never. 
Im hungy man, everyone is going to be at the taste of Charlotte today and I have to be here at wk it sux for me 
Now Who Wants 2 Talk 2 Me Im Bored...  sad face sad face...
Saturday, and id like to just simply slap myself. Im an idiot. Truely an idiot.  .
@ThePISTOL haha nice. I want to goo  Im at camp when you come near Jersey. &gt;.&lt; Ohh well. Have fun on tour! &lt;3
Im at work &amp; let me just say it SUCKS  Note to self:only work on ur floor. I dont think I can work on this floor.Not even 4 my @NKOTB fund
havn't had a message in 3 hours!!! :O  lol...talk to me people! Im BORED! xD
@blahhumbug @emmavescence Wagamama is almost mandatory!Im up for Westfield, can still get there on Central line, H&amp;C out of action 
Ohh man! Im aching all down one arm and i swear ive done sumat to it cos it kills when i lift things 
@nicattack Im sorry - Same here   maybe we made out in a dream and got each other sick *lol*
Went to babys r us with donna and her kids'.. Im thinking now it may have been a bad idea 
Im fixn 2 bash my friends right now bucz im sad and depressed.  My life is so sad.
Ok, Im not sure how this works, Im devo'd about Katie and Pete's Split  they must feel awful! I still love em BOTH! good luck to them! x
Im out of town and i have to run interference w/other peoples drama! Grrr...im sooooo sorry B  ill fix it when i get back i promise!
Have to work until 3am at the bar! Ughh why Im I doing this 
3. @marvwon reppin for Team Darkies. &amp; do i get a say in this Drake thing? oh, wait.. Im a light bright now   this is all so wrong. *sigh*
Im up again ya'll (BOOO!) forgot I have an event I have to attend. Damn I just want to rest 
Man. . Im not sleeping! Don't understand why! 
Im drinking the nastiest smoothie on the face of the planet! It has lactose free skim milk in it. Damn diet. 
High:  Im greatful to be alive.  Low: I showed up to the wrong shift 
Work is so not fun right now...wish I was @ the Roots picnic   So I guess today Im gonna complain about errthing thats irking my life...
Im thinkin wasnt so smart to skip the sun screen today. can anyone say Lobster 
@Dark_vanity aww Im really sorry to hear that, 
@TRAVERUSDIVA Im jealous. Bc guess where I am right now??  In my bed sick. 
Im 2 seconds away from smacking this little boy who wont let Isa go down the slide 
Holy Shit Im burnt 
Bored as hell at work. I feel like im here 24/7..Im also missing my TX boo. 
hangin at the beach! So nice out. About to go read some gossip magazines. Im having a little snack. Bye guys! 
@shinypinkdiamon soz to hear you got sick b4 the exams  eh thanks lol but i SUCK at maths. Im doing Higher but I got 20% in the mocks LOL
@hernandezbrian Im going to DIE too  we are already bored
Omg im gonna miss the hockey game! Im so upset! 
Best thing to do when sick.... organize ID3 tags. Im such a geek. 
Wish i could party with you! Im not 21 yet  The weather is so crappy today! Xoxo victoria. @babygirlparis
@MiyaBailey Who the hell is Mike Flo.. &amp; Y...everytime i call the shop...nobody answers! Im trying 2 set up my 6/24 appt. like U said 2! 
Took a long break after lunch =P but bathrm done!Next laundry.I dont think I'll go out tonight. Im still bummed about last nights news 
Im so board. Theres nothing on tv, I want to go for a run but my foot hurts. Ill just clean my room. Today completely and utterly sucks 
@PurpleLurve2o4 yeah me too...Im totally pissed...Everyones giving up 
Im already starting to get emotional.  i'm going to miss Julien, Rafe and TASTY. 
@britt_mxgirl Yeah. I bet hes having tons of fun right now. Im mad at him cause he passed on baseball to do his girlfriend all the time. 
Im watchin 'Balls of Fury' and i got a headache    Anywho, wussup wit tha twitterfam?? New and old folowers
@jaxn ooh  Im trying to build a personal URL shortening service for my twitter links
I thought breaking up was hard to do? Im glad we can still stay friends. :] I do really hate being Single though its really depressing!  x
Church was amazing! I'm not to happpy right now though :/ Im so sunburnt! 
Im 18 now, meaning im a young adult, but i have to say i miss the way mama would put me to bed when i was sick  - RIP Mommy!
@PuterPrsn Im seriously sick from just the title. I am afraid to click the link  WHY!
Im so tired!!! Baby sitting. 
@thaBullBDot Yo whats up? Im bout to get w/my homie &amp; go out 4 her B/day Sorry I missed ur party(I wuz baby sitting  ) How wuz it? U g ...
Im SitTeN here mAd latE listeNinG 2 BirthDay SeX ,waTchin mY cat sleEp on mY laP omG Skool Is DoNe 4 me  sO saD. lol. i Go baQ oN Sep 1st
Ok depressing tweets today  screw this lets be happy! Im gunna go wakeboard my worries away and get ready for the asian championships !
@Facedamuzk i cant sorry. Hes over there.  
Things just dont feel right. Im hoping Eric can make it better 
In Broadripple! Wuhoo! Fun times!! Im just so tired though, and I wanna go to bed.  It was a super long day...
@grndrgnfly Im so jealous!!!  And STILL at Sonic! Bah! lol ~Melba~
@xbaileypaige oh im not!! I'll make a video with my face in it 2mror or the next day!! I promise! Im not a Freak!!! 
Omg like 12 hours left. Im so nervous anxious and excited i feel sick! 
Wow Im scared goin to seey grandma to orrow after what happened  at the same time I wanna go yet. Don't wanna go 
@sipme oh that's awful   I used 2 smoke a pack a day, horrible stuff! My 1st pregnancy helped me stopped cold turkey. Now Im 100% opposed.
@DawnRichard  Im following u!!!Cuz ur completely awesome...&amp; I cant wait for the album!!Stay Blessed!
Tomorrow their coming over but not the kid across the street  But oh well Im hyped!
I'm about to blast Lights Out . I never met DK B4  but Dawn is Following me  Im so happy lol
I'm very very tired  Im in Baja!!! for the off road race Baja 500! we just got back to the hotel and im dying, but excited!!!
@chandranikcole Hey babe...didnt see it. Thanx. Im still reall sick 
Im the fool in love with the fool in love with her  &lt;Que sera, sera!&gt;
Im so hungry! Wedding food was not enough. Didnt even have cake 
Ugh! Im so cranky, insomnia = insanity. IM TIRED but my eyes wont close 
Ugh Im so miserable right now, I'm hot, I hate work, and I miss @seinman. Also, I'm overtired for sure 
@HeavenlyHk Woooowwww!!!!! Im SOOO sorry baby! 
@krsitenstewert: Hey girl! Im new and i was just wondering can we talk on here??? like u now as bff's jw??? Ib dont have many 
Very sorry for missing your party hannah  i have a card for you. Im saving all my regrets for tomorrow. 'night world.
So since Im n 4 tha night,  I needa figure where we finna BBQ 2morrow b4 Kobe get off 4 game 2
Brain is mush after reworking chapter17-the blood god; ancient egypt is a bitch to write about, still have much to do tho  Im going to bed
Somebody come to my house and read It aloud to me? I want to keep reading it but its soo long and Im tired  fail
Ok fail on my end. Standing in VIP at Piranha, darius is macking on Javier n some stupid white boy is on my Robert. Im standing ALONE. 
just ate breakfast. Brother's coming today, YAY ! ^__^ Im so happy... and so not.... arghhh 
3 hours in bed, cant sleep. Im supposed to wake up in 2   -Sabotage
@jradc Im all with the ADD last couple of days  tomorrow is read/write day!
Im sure she is sad and so am I and Paws. 
Im cursing Thunderstorms that wake me up when I could be having a lie in 
@TravisInIndy your trying to keep me up all night, I know, I know. but Travo, Im sleepy. 
@cp007 Wooo hello hun. Im good thanks got hammered last nyt. Stil bit pissed n its almost 1pm  never drinkin again! Xx
@oonlamant booooy did u delete ur bebo ? ! Im NOT impressed ! 
Im gonna get ready now then im gonna do my homework Oh joy 
Grad nite was AWESOME! i dun want to leave  CanIts almost 4 AM. Shit. Im prob so overtired i wnt be able to sleep.
Noooo im still eatiinnng!!!  Im really getting fat 
@Zeenat_x Sooo am I ..I think Im just gonna go offlineee and watch some tv and pretend it aint summertime ball todayy 
Im overwhelmed at work- Id do anything to be home with my baby and my hubby...   
@Zeenat_x If you leave Im gonna leave too 
@HouseOfLord Did you go to the gig at the carling/02? I wanted to go but Im sure I was really busy/already had something on. 
Debating if I want to go to church today. Sad but true. Im so tired/sleepy!  S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
lmafaooooo @ http://bit.ly/19HP2p  ask me why Im awake 
@LadyEcclesxX Nice, Im going to Poland to see my Grama and grandad who isint very well 
Im in Love with Guys i cant have 
Im sick  feel so awful and i have A LOT of assignments and assessments and tests and other course crap to do and deal with &gt;
Im back home in Belfast  im realli tired though and upset i aint going to see JLS at the Summertime Ball x
i cant sleep. Im in love with Hamish and Andy again. @howarddbear help. i watched Rove. I fell in love with them again  stuckindamiddle
bored and kinda lonely. HW then work, but I might get called off cause im on the patio. Im really broke tho 
@Enchantedpr Im missing it getting ready for a video shoot.  And I talkd w/ Tricky a while ago to get w/ Chilli on a project a while bak.
@xoAlexHeartsxo Im fine, just gettin ready for a bbq. I wish I was @ summer jam watchin my boys perform  Ill get over it tho. dont mind me
@Iam_RonBass you a fool i need a pair  but i cant do that line stuff
Wondering how Im gonna make it through today  Sooo freakin tired!!!
I love @michaeldurso!! Office is empty 2day! @adamdurso, @chrisdurso, @ralphcastillo not here 2day so Im all alone!  where r my friends?
@kissmymerrick Kroston Im sorry! Were all gonna miss Ruby! 
Im Juku Twinn, even though Im not going 
@louster_02 Hahah  No ma'am pam. Im getting the Vu. I wanted a touchscreen phone, even though I know Im gunna break it. 
Well, inkfrog finally launched.  Unfortunately it launched 8 of the same item *sigh* But Im on top of it..
Im kinda missing my long hair. Yeah it's still long. But it was wayy longer! Miss my highlights too. 
Im on a boat! Really, i am. Too cool for a swim though. 
@BoothsBird Im tired... My friend is talking to me again though it stills feels weird. I dont want to go to school tommorrow 
Im scared of getting Swine Ful 
Im bleeding somewhere i shouldnt be D: im scared. Secret time: never have anal 
@mitchelmusso I wish I could go, Im all the way in FL  I'm a hugeee fan!!
Im annoyed because I couldn't find a work cover and could be at the Bronx zoo 
@ChilaxLibra @Shabazz510 Im at work guys, so I can't go to sleep!!!!  If I pass out, bring me some ribs and then I might wake up, LOL!
@treyblue Im so MAD I missed it. Next week Imma b there! 
@KittyKat410 arhhh need to talk to u!! Im gonna have to meet u after 3.30 now!!!  long fucking shitty story! @Tracy_1303 what time u goinx
Im not gonna be able to make it to Stockon before getting gas.  Ill stop in Dunnigan instead.
Hey guys x Just ot back from wales ...Harvey was adorable!! Im bumed..I got school tomorow! 
Hes gone 
     @riceuniversiity I know huh @Kouture85 Im bout to cry@Ahmier thanks Marco! *muah*
@LBrown16 Cheers Luce. Im still shitting it 
Im with my bestfriend Olive &quot;Olivia&quot; Im going to youth group tonight with her, I wish I could of went to kennywood tomorroe but oh well 
@dee1122 Well, I was gonna wear tonight!!  Im on a budget.. sooo yeah!
@Benjaminglass I was meant to going to that today but my mates Im staying with in Hartlepool are both feeling rough so stuck with TV 
#C4N PEOPLEs Im here finally.. sorry Im so late..  Couldnt be helped
@fernandaoiq cool so lucky... the show in chile is in 1 hor and Im not going...  but I know Ill have another chance... hahha
@maryrestifo haha i know i was like wow bt dang itll shoot up soon!  ha. Lucky! I have 26. Lmao. Im hungry too! I havent ate yet. Lol
@neillavin300 Im gutted both my pairs of trousers dont fit.  Lmao
What am i Doin? Ur Askin me? How do i feel What am i DOING. OK Il tell u what im doing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im Cursing! Im out of letters 
Im going to go to church now(youth stuff) even though most of my friends are on a misson trip  Post IAIO when I get back.(5 hours lol)
@ESPY_TEAHEN they always ruin my naps too, and Im not even a dog  Those bastards!!!! *fist shaking*
@BABIIJAI Yep, she say she wont bother us. Im still skeptical but she aint working so i gotta help her 
@technogiant Awwwe! Youre so sweet. Not one single grope...Im a lttle disappointed...I gotta say. 
Soonercon is packing up to go  Im sad but then again I am so tired...Too long of a weekend.
Im from where? Wont anyone talk to me? 
Im so sad, Bran Bran wont talk to me 
@princess2c Im actually depresssed that yasmina won the apprentice! Kate so should of won 
@Mirenny Im so stupid! Do you think I still can? I want to kill myself! 
Im a bit tierd, dont wanna sleep alone tonight  Missing my boyfriend, I love you Johan more then anything. Your the best &lt;3
In bed watching the History channel drinking tea eating a bagel. Im just missing my cuddlebunny 
Im watching Lost Boys... I totally love this movie! But its gross outside... It hailed earlier...  &lt;3 Dom
@MayorDorisWolfe Darling Im worried, please call me when you get this message ..... please 
@amethystgurl07 i know exactly what you feel. Iam keeping too all inside and hidding my feelings but it's not good, not at all... 
Im mad at Austin.HA! 
@RudeKow When a Mac freezes, Im pissed. When a PC freezes, Im pissed. Its a lose-lose situation  In this case, Im the lose-r.
@tommcfly Thats what Im scared about with the US. That they will set you up with shit sound and such.  Im sure it wasnt that bad tho!
00.47 am in Stockholm and Im still awake.. Gonne get up at 5 am for work 
Im sitting, doing nothing. TC I want to come back 
@my66 Did u just comment on my blog caus eI dont see it if u did?  Im havn probs w spam grrr
Umm...so I def work for the sweetest youth group...Im gonna miss these guys 
FUCK Im Not JEwish 
Im not feeling well!! Damn.. I want to sleep! 
@Muslimah1 I know  Im downloading my most fav cds now. I downloading only a mere 233 and not half way done lol
@MuchMusic Im gunna go emo now  i wanted a pair of wristbands so bad !!!
@selenagomez i cant call u, itz so sad  i cant sign up on Say Now, coz Im from Indonesia 
Im disgusted. Id wager this result isnt unconnected to things like the swastikas drawn on the barber shop at the end of my road 
@skybreaker Ah Im sorry that Photoshop is no good. 
Im so sad.....Rip Sony Cybershot...you will be missed!! 
Im going to try to get over my hurt. Men can be so hurtful. 
Watching Game 2 all alone...  Im nervous...
@MacaAmpuero yes I'm better but Im sick yet..     Tomorrow I wont go 2 school...   
IM BORED! There's aboslutely NO good movies on youtube. I miss actually GOING 2 the movies w/ my friends. Im outta the country so i can't 
Im so bored, tired of studying.  tired,.. going to coffe with mum today :S LMAO.. at emily.
The names brookelle bones I only used Brianna Maddox because people dont believe Im myself 
 Im done with my Ipod project for tonight.
Im listening muse, and chatting with my BFF Backaus! (L) Im sick! and that sucks! 
Im back !my mom said i Have to stay at home!hiks 
Bout to cook some broiled chicken. Wanting to talk to my babe...i havent got to talk to him allday. Im sad 
@theBrandiCyrus Tell Miley Im sorry I was hacked  I wouldnt @reply her such means things. I think she blocked me! (((
@Anime81 LOL Do I remember? haha, I have such a bad memory. Im sorry. 
@KiiNG_DADii82 Oh ok. I kinda thought so lol. Im still tryna get a blackberry lol. They wont let me upgrade 
@mini_ritz Man! that sucks! Im so Sorry!  
@Natasha_SCGG Awww  Take it easy for a while, Nat. Im really worrying about you right now. Dont think about the crash too much. Get well!
@blakehealy http://twitpic.com/7d0qk - Awww very nice. Im jealous.  Hope u liked NZ. I miss you already 
Damn. Im sweating doing yoga.  lol. I feel so outta shape.
Way to majorly fuck up alden, way to majorly fuck up. Im a great human 
Im at my friends house in another city, studying for the Anatomy final tomorrow ! hope i can pass it ! its a lot of stuff to memories 
Roses are red violets are bue whats happening here Im catching Flu 
Not feelin good @ all  I wish I was @ home w/ my mommy! She'd take care of me!! Im a total mommys boy! So ha, get over it! Love you mommy!
On the tills today... Iam not a fan of tills  bah!!
Im so sorry Jeffree  I hope you get better &lt;3!
@Theragingneilo The cream rice was pretty ave  LOL sorry! My memories about as good as a goldfishes. Im very proud of myself
My hair is more lik black than brown, ohmygod. Im sooo gonna dye it one more time! Tsk. 
@BreakfastNews yep - Its over - Too bad too - Im a big fan 
Im fed up blocking people now  i hate twitter.. 18 followers.. all advertising.. twitter sucks! Already blocked 25!
Its a fairly good day... Sunny. Warmish. And. Im sick. 
on bus bk to airport now. Was so much fun last nyt. Im shattered though  lookin forward to gettin home.
Sitting at work after drinking to much wine last night! What a bad idea!! Im working tomorrow AGAIN!!! No rest for the wicked hay 
Im going to miss you, @Download2009 
@Schofe  I didnt realise that the 'new guy' in GW is her fella :o) Im waiting for The Jim Episode  not happy but i guess theres a twist
Im up and NOT going to school!!! WOOHOO but i tried to win three days in NewYork but htis HORIBLE person took it! Boo her ! 
@thecerebralceo dang u gettn it in huh? Wat was the drink u made 2 stay awake? Um Im not goin in til later on 2day..Me got a hangova! 
Still not heard back from Finland. I dont think Im going 
Im about to cry. Idk my science exam. And nobody know it. Like wtf? 
@UniqueGuitarist Hey, ive done my History exam! One more today  Im good ta you?? xxx
Im still at the office working. Sigh. Tom is another big day. It means series of meetings with the bosses. I hope its already Tues night 
@Toni_GPB  Im very sorry for your loss  .... I lost my father this year also :/
Im in english! BORED and stephs just named a disease after me 
@tinietempah whatdo u think now that channel u is &quot;AKA&quot; Im not feelin it breh 
@letoackles Thx babe. Im going to get going to bed now though  have work tomorrow 
@COCOpandas JK!!!  &lt;333 Im gonna miss you too dummy!
Im Exhausted for NO reason!! someone help me. I took some airbourne incase im comin down with somethin 
@GeoffJohns0  the souls of kittens ,deep fried in the tears of my failures and a side of warm diet Dr Pepper? Oh, Im not Jamal 
@reynarose Thats great! Ur coming down Im going up. Had to upgrade in jeans this weekend 
Pissed off still about what happened. Im just disappointed... Is all. 
Btw chloe,Its not Tom's fault. Im soo bored! Bad weather 
Ugh im up early. My face swollen and my back still hurts. Im hungry but it hurts to eat a full meal. 
@esntials Im SO Sad! I feel naked  LOL
@ShirleyHAC_09 AAWWWWW Youre heart sick! POBRECITA 
Day before my birthday and Im down with a terrible UTI. 
@Sashi_RaRa Hahaha that sucks  Ive just been reading the book some :-P
My GHD'S blew up on me  Im gutted
Hell oh! Im AtHina,15.I am from greece  and i LLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEE MCR! :0  #MCRchat
@_Undeniable_ Hey!!!  Im good, just can't wait till it's time to leave work   Im so tired.  How r u today?
@xcrappyx OKay! Im out at 430 on tuesday. Pre-inventory nonsense in the am 
So i lost it allllll!!!!!! Im so pissed, ugh. I need a SUPER big sloppy kiss tonight. 
Im sick too Marena. I want someone to come take care of me. 
@DJMoReX Yeah, Im just jealous really. @xxlea parties more on Mondays then I do all weekend! 
@vargasgirl88 NO EFFIN WAY?!? Im so effin jealous 
@Iam_MonieMay yea girl!!! I'm just going to pick something up though, and then I'm coming right back  I'm still waiting for yal to come !!
..::cooking::..  Im defanitely not in Punta Cana anymore....ahh Im gonna miss that Dominican Cofee 
Im so bored. Someone talk to me 
@ddlovato I was going to vote, when I register, told me I cant vote, it is 13-19 years, Im 16! i was going to vote for u! Sorry 
 Im watching vids of Enter Shikari wanting to go to their signing 2morow. might just go on my own and sit oustide hmv all day like a hobo
Omfg im so fuking done with my family. Like reallly. Im fucking pissssed as fuckkkk 
Im gonna miss Meeks n Galloway 
The letter still hasn't come!!!! Im staring to think it might have not been sent  #BSB
Im so tired of doing nothing. I should really do something today. Doubt it tho  grrrr I need to get out of this damned house. Its lonely
why am I going to fail exams... Well 1st I'm dumb, 2nd Im shopping when I should be at home studying. 
If I don't look like a million &amp; 1/2 when I finish gettin my hair braided-Im gon go 18Dummy! 3days/5hrs a day-my ass is seriously achin' 
My tweeps .......WTF is going on?I have random tweets saying the cruise is booked &amp; they canceled the Australian Tour  Im trapped at work.
I think my nice vacation has ended. Mother nature has kicked in. Ugh sad face. Im in the middle of a park with no bed 
@suefro Glad that the utilities are working and Im sorry freckles is not liking it!!! 
Im done packing... now CLEAN! 
@nhibabeee Uhm, blue iguess. And fuck, too late. Im leaving tomorrow morning 
Pre-birthday madness is over, tomorrow Im just old   
Ahh! Im stressing out 2 see if i get a callback 4 soccer tryouts!!! MEEP!  3LiveLife&lt;3
Ahh! Im stressing out 4 callbacks on soccer tryouts!! MEEP! 
@ddalisay621, yep we have the same Anni. It's creepy  I miss ya! We needa chill..very soon! Haha. Im going shopping with my cousin on wed!
@Im_Queen hey i do that i rarely could walk 
@JCapez i dont have an Angel card and Im at work on the air from 6a-10a so even if i did it wouldnt help me  but thanks
@jesslo24 Oh no  Im sorry! I cant believe he didnt say anything to you
Im really not happy about the fact that tomorrow is only tuesday  ooh well hopefully this week will go FAST
Iam so happy to get off this plane, jeez. This is so wrong, I should be landing in Wichita right now  not memphis!
Im all itchy  I have all kinds of misquito bites from being in bumblefuck nowhere Michigan...grr
@ashleynettleman you know I dont do what Im told and I dont listen very well, its a sad fact!  Im taking Tylenol Pm and have aloe nearby!
Bye Everyone! Im now going back to school 
@KenEsquire Who's cooking for you? Im cooking for 1  watchn the bach show HOPELESS ROMANTIC lol
@minty_peach Hehe I feel drunk even without the alcohol and Im still unable to take leave from work 
Im so damn tired but i cant sleep  MLB #19
@F_Lizzie @mybutterflies  I know. Im still gonna go to the store anyway just in case its a rumour lol
 He read my last message on myspace, and didn't reply. Im scared he dont want to talk to me really.  Ugh, I will never find anybody...
 well. Im alone. Again. FML
OMG! I just saw this huge ass spider!!! Im freaking out cause idk where it went 
Hes off 
@DaRealMaVericK okaay. I found a school. Im aightt. Craving some more snacks. 
@jordanknight So...u said ur back will probably get better &quot;in a couple of days&quot;? Dude, Im srsly gettin worried  we need u a 100%, um now.
Food suggestions?!?! Im hungry!! 
Tomorrow i find out how i did on the state test! Im so stressed! 
math is gonna kick my booty  Its 11 and I have 8 sections and 2 quizes to finish in 5 days. Dosent sound like much but remember, Im a Mom
i cannot. im texting these updates, haha. Uhm..? Im blank 
@Jills271 yeah we do. Especially since I have Lynn to keep me busy tomorrow and robin and the boys are coming down. Im heading to bed 
@K4Ge Im glad you enjoyed London! And yes, the tube DOES stink 
Im bummed that i have yet to see SKINS season 3 last episode 
man i havent twittered 4 so long and i missed d frst night of d nv youth conf. Huhu..  i had to work 930-6 huhu.. Im so excited 2mrw tho.
Im 29 today tweeps, where has the time gone? Shame i have to work when wife is off this week. 
Morning all.. very quiet here in Dudley today Im the only one in the office 
@FLYESTofthemALL Im not a TRack star. Im the STAR of TRACK ! boom lol but yes. idk its a pain i never felt . 
Im sitting in my IT Tute 
aannndd afteralll, youre my wonderwall 
I dnt hve a Mood  . Im not goin for the movies
Right Now , Im Sooo Confused 
Im Glad to find most of my flickr buddies here  Miss u Guys i've been quite inactive on flickr 
Im so stressed!! Dont ask me why.. 
I hate saying good bye! Im gonna miss my BFF @luvagurl103 so much... 
Im trying not to cry while Chatting with Pat. I just cant! :'( I miss her! 
Im bummed that KL has no good live music/concert culture!!  gotta get more in Syd and the states...
@bibzee  im good too.  Im in Tokyo now! unfortunately it is rainy season now 
@dexteraddict hope ur enjoying that holiday while Im freezin my butt of here in Aussie Winter was 12 degrees 2day 
Everyone seems to be leaving Arbroath for their travels  And Im still stuck here . Boo ! lol ..
Im scared... Ive never been alone on a plane before. Why is everyone else going to Jackson 
I want to say, God, Im so sorry for acting like a child this day. 
Just realised some people @me but Im not following them so I don't receive them on my home page  Hmm. Need to weigh up following/followers
@Mellyprincess Hi hun! Im good,studying!You?Aaah weather is sooo Summery here!! We had fires@ forests tho,crap people  What about Germany?
@dirtmind  Im all packed today  Been on my instruments and ATTEMPTING examinations maybe tomoz ill have alot of illsuions or tonight 
Somebody make me do my things. Im so tired. 
@ChattiiCathii lol...girl yes! Im tryna do the same..my PTO is all gone  so i gotta build my vacation time up....boooo! LOL. Whens ya bday
wondertweets goodmornin. Im sick.  guess its cuz ive been missing out on my OJ.
has his first exam today. OMG Im Excited!! Tomorrow is the last day of school 
I got tons and tons of homework today, but in a the bright side..Im DONE Getting ready of tomorrow (not really). I miss my Descartes 
@jxrox  SO is Taiwan  raining  Im crying :'(
@Ms_Hip_Hop Im outt eggs 2 
@Hi_Im_Chris you better bring the sun up here when you come cause we have like 10 days straight of rain coming up! 
@bxdash Thanks for all the warm wishes love for the safe flight, how was your set? Wish I could have been there  Im sure you were amazing!
@TheEllenShow Im jacked off that we get ur shows months late here 
Off work 2day, thank God cuz Im n alot of pain    
@Im_at_ya_mamas @ideeyah Umm..can we hang out soon? I need it. badly. 
@TokiOwie Yeah seriouslyy haha but I left my bag at her house  I dont know how Im going to get it back
@Jamie Im afraid we are on our lonesome tonight  lol
@luckybiatch She is a big fan of ur vidoes. Both of ur are huge Clois fans and Im the only Clana fan  lol...
@luckybiatch She is a big fan of ur vidoes. Both of u are huge Clois fans and Im the only Clana fan  lol...
Im soo sad! Leia my 3 month old pitbull was stolen from my yard today. I hope she's ok. I just want her back.  
@Dame_Kelz aww, that sounds fun! I wish i could be there too  Im trying, but i dont think i'll be there by then 
I want some fries from McDonalds. Im so hungry 
Last day of school is TOMORROW! Im happy and sad!  
Need to get sized for a tux after work... I dont think Im ready for Rusty to get married.  The bromance will be over.... 
dreading exams tomoro  i hate aspects of my life so much. People make me angry.. Im going to bed cba anymore.
Rehearsal time! Im still feeling kinda carsick 
Im exchanging text messages with Basilio and the movie is still on,but  I'm really sleepy  I might drift off so, MORNIGHT,Twitterians! xx
omg, Im really crying  Juliet died, but Im mostly crying because Sawyer cried. lol.
Lost my cookie  &quot; you're suck a burden BUT you're the weight up off my shoulders n even though I'm hurting, I still feel like Im growing&quot;
@BonaXideDiva085 Red lobster and eat for me. Im sad 
I am moving to Chicago soon for school and I must say I am really gonna miss cali!! And Im alittle sad.  The count down begins.
Im Watchin my window ::freedom::  
@tSunshineLove Wishing i could help  Im sorry you cant sleep
So whos watchin Im a Celebrity...? I wish Torrie would have won 
Well that sucks   No #cubs today.  Im gonna start going through withdrawal.
Crystal Youth Awards!                     Im nervous 
Im sooo tired  UGH! I reeeeally dont want to work tomorrow.
@ImWendy Oh sweetie, Im sorry  Keeping my fingers crossed for her.
OMG taylor swift didnt when the CMT video of the year award???WHY???Im about to like burst into tears.Im sad and i voted online and phone 
~R.I.P Pac~ he woulda been 38 2day   @MariahCarey Im lovin that obsessed...but then again i love everything u put out 
I wish I could draw. I used to do it back in HS and you know the ole saying....use it or lose it and I lost it and Im so very sad. 
@trendebarbie7 Aww we missed u tooooo!! Nothing much Im just chilling (wants some Icecream) 
@ShRQ Youre still at work?? 
@Pink Im hitting myself over the head for not coming along to your concert. Everyone's sayin how good you were  U enjoyin Oz?
Alright tweethearts Im going to bed! I have LOADS of homework to do and stuff  Tweet ya in the morning! Smooches!
Lmao. Rob super funny. Im bored now 
@typeamom Yeap Im on the list of those looking for a sponsor but no hits yet 
G'nite my Tweets!!! Dis is an Early nite 4 me Im Soooo Sleepy 
@moonfrye Im a compulsive news reader AND a hyperemphathetic person.... Reading the news sucks the life out of me lately 
@eddiesilvanus Thats cool u were dating someone. Im not a fan of winter  at all here. Yes, he's an amazing actor! He's going to be famous!
Severe thunderstorms in the cove  74 mph winds. Im scaredd...&quot;this is a dangerous storm. Seek safe shelter and stay away from windows!&quot;
Arghhh it's 5am and Im still wide awake! 
@Jayme1988  @mnrmg   jayme can you show ross where the twibe is Im so tired I cant find it 
@musicismyworld1 haha i know!! So sad  lol. Im listening to LVATT  Teehee
@djschoolboy ak  my bodys in a lot of pain. Im melted into the couch  sorry. Coffee this week definately. Ill b @ HE 2mor or the M2 show
Im so mad. My robot pendent i barely bought 2 days ago, fell down the drain  bye bye robot!
Im sad now. EJ leaves in less than two weeks and i want to see him before he leaves. 
Im oh so very saddd  , what a dayy . Soo excited one point then BLEH .
Lil sis doesnt want to cook maggi for me. Im so  - http://tweet.sg
Im Never gonna leave this chair.... But i have to!! 
Im Exhausted  Bed Soon
@LadyJDredcarpet : Im such a bad person for that  anyways why you giving people bad medicine yesterday hint hint Zicam!! crazy huh
Im ditching Chey. SORRY 
I can't sleep. Im scared. I just hope he is okay.  im under a lot of STRESS!
@Lady_Vanishes Im sorry 
Have the worst flu. Im ready for bed already. 
@marlo1980 so youre getting deported 
got my Nylon guys mag in the mail today. Im disappointed 
@britttnicole Im Sorry about your friendship  its sad when a good friendship ends dont worryy *doot daa doot* be happy &lt;&lt; its a song ;)
Im reeeeaalllyy starting to miss seeing Helen Clark's face on the six o'clock news!!! 
@jason_2008 Aw you must be on your best behaviour then!! Im goin to be off today 2...have some family stuff to sort out!  Talk to u l8r!
trapped in my house coz of this insane swine flu hysteria! Im going insane...and Iv run out of wine 
I cant sleep  &amp; yeah Im deff callin out.. &amp; private calls at 1am in the morning; they got sent to voicemail. The LAME should unblock the #
Good morning ! Im trying to find ways of geting out of ironing. The pile crumpled clothes roughly resembles The Alps......similar height 
Damn wrist is fractured it hurts  I have nothingto do all day! Im soo bored. just gonna be on youtube all day waiting for ppl to tlk 2 me.
Im up. And not happy about it  dumb english today.
@Dom_Stark it's worth about 3% of my degree  Im usually good at essays, but not ethics essays i guess
Im so jealous of Tri being in New york and Jen in London...and Im stuck in the rain!  haha!
Sarah needs to get a picture on here as I feel left out that everyone has nice pictures and Im just a brown square right now!! 
@Urban_Idiot Im not too sure  Ive tried.. and it hasnt worked... but there must be a way! Let me know when you find one!
Y am i up @ this time? Wth? Im sickypooo 
Im really bored... Nothing to do 
@coolmompicks Im soooo jealous... No H&amp;M in Texas! 
I sent my first MMS ever  Im so proud of me  LMFAO
@iRock_88 I Dont mind different. Im a music head.  But i just hope it moves me.  Music is not moving me lately.  
Blooming ear. Im pretty sure it shouldnt be bleeding this much.  Watching Kerrang 
Im sick and i dont like it  , Justin Jynxed me 
@chattyman Hey is the whole show filmed friday? and the celebs a diff day? Im confused now 
Rain sucks  I'm off in search of a late lunch! Could murder a McDonalds, but Im SOO not leaving the house in that weather!
Well Morning! Im hardly having a good morning! I am now SINGLE. And I must say it does suck. Im not used to this    *tear*
Havent been to sleep yet   but wrote this ill song Im not tellin u wat its cant wait to record it mad smooth 
Bought another 3 books at lunchtime today, Im so naughty 
@mdrproductions nope  Im thinking 12 am.. Houston time... Forgot my timezone haha
@trniii Busy! But good, its getting hot outside  I think Im one of the only people in the world that prefers the cold
Okayy. Im so like confused! Hah it doesnt feel like summer  i have to wake up early and its not even warm out!
Im really tired  Might be going up to Lauras tonight to reherse, for audtions Im not even doing!
Ok Im off to Unem office 
@clairabellejp Lost the numchuck, plus Im rubbish at the boxing 
Out on the step studying my ass off. @jilly_leigh i lost my binder. Do you have social notes? Im desperate! 
@VVSDS LOL whaaat??? Im being nice. Fine...if u dont want that title then imma tell Freddy we need to find sum1 else. 
This raffic out here is stupid crzy... im 30mins late. I didn't even kno tha parade was gonna touch Vermont. Im mad 
Just getting started on my day.Im mad its raining   Maybe I need to eat more then this yogurt for breakfast or lunch...brunch there we go
OMG im so tired!! that's why I don't go out during the work week. Im lagging!  I need wings!
omg Iam sooo bored please talk to me iam upset as well  xx
Im still frozen  I feel like David after Dentist http://bit.ly/47aW2  &quot;Is this guna be Foooorever&quot; lol
Bummed Im working and cant watch the Lakers parade... 
I feel like a baby. Not chewing sucks.  Im gonna go try and slurp down some tomato soup. Yum!
@thatkliqkid Nice....Im too young  Cant go til Im at least 17 probably. But hey. I've got plenty of time. Can't believe Fozzy played once.
@AbelFisshaye Sorry babe. YoDiddy will be passing on Chi-town this year  Im thinking of throwing a big soccer tournament party every 2 yrs
Saint Augustine is so great&lt;3 Im misssin my baby @D0ylejames  so much 
http://twitpic.com/7nocr - Fun work white board action!! Ugh Im dying a little everyday 
just got done mixing the band for GZ tonight. Sounds good. IC tonight, should be amazing. Im going to miss this place 
Im outtie ppl. Tryna go to ATL wit @ttaylor1220. Lets get packin kid. Dont leave me to go by myslef    Stil gona mac n hang tho, the usual
@MrRobPattinson You didnt say anything about the dream. Im alittle disappointed.  BUHU
Becky is tryin to work out how to use this thing! Im not doin too well here......  ha ha
OMG  These web updates are getting so dam repetitive and Im no where near finished long night ahead me thinks 
Im not gonna go. Dont want to go alone, and no one could come late notice. 
Im so upset with my memory card , I NEED IT BACK 
Home Sick yet again  Im dying from the inside out.
Ah. . . Im bored at my house.  i need to get out of this house. . . Help!!!!!
Havent tweeted much lately. Im behind in a few projects and it sucks. 
Ughhh I dont feel good &amp; Im sitting here bored watching Juice. 
Im feeling under the weather  ... Took some medicine, lets see if that'll work.
Ok...... Im seriously burnt 
@ryanmnorris r u serious?!  Damn Im missin out   Its cool tho b/c Im havin fun at the UniverSOUL Circus!
OMG i hate severe weather. Im scared, i just heard the tornado sirens and im heading into the closet with my blanket and my louis bag 
@johncena7 LOL every1 does :p seriously dudde i had a interview w/ HARP yesterday  &amp;..Im a graduation speakr all da bad things happen 2 me
Im so bored that I think I'm going to stick firecrackers in jelly donuts. Sorry folks-I can't take topless pics-I dont have a blackberry 
Just watched Wonder Showzen! well they made a weird joke about mexicans yeah well, it was funny.. Im in my bros laptop again, mines dead 
Pensando en Todo lo que paso hoy &quot;Im thirteen now And dont know how my friends Could be so mean&quot; Mal Dia 
@Isads would love some! @jorosep Yay, I'm stalking u too! lol. Gotta go  Im taking the kids to see their greatgrandparents. Twi later? xxx
@dannygokey Iam so sad I missed your chat seesion yesterday! I didnt get the tweets on my phone!!! 
@Dre1479 Im a product of SDA ed grades 1-16, some of the best and worst years of my life. I cant say I will send my children  Its sad
@Jonasbrothers Im sooo sad I don't get to go to the mmvas! My heart is breaking! You'll be 45 mins away and I'll feel so helpless 
@ms_sugakane how come? I need to lose the weight! Dieting hasnt worked. Im over 100 lbs overweight 
The electricity went out at Toris and we here some weird noise. Im scared.... 
@Inluvwithjon miss me?I wont have a computer for a long time  wtf am i going 2do? Glad you got off of work early.Im sure that was a treat
@DamonD_VIP Ok, you're right. Im sorry. 
Lmao thats wack!!! Im at work 
Im so bored.....wish i could go over to get frozen yogurt today, but there's no way in HELL i could do that and stay under 400 calories. 
just got back from Skyland... My babe lost  but we enjoyed the walk home. Im going GREEN twitter... follow that!!! Facebook me!
Fuck that. Im over today. 
Now Im really sad and missing the Chelsea 
Im excited for Runyon tomorrow.. havn't done it in a month! 
wants to dominate the computer.. Ma, Lemme use it. Im sooo bored. 
@rissacupcake Im assuming I was waaaay off. Sorry 
I wish my dad were here to go to summerslam with me   well going to go play the DS. Im bored, &amp; tired.
@oliayasamine  Yay!I know Im bad,I do still love my padres but Im in LA and cant watch em  Oprah rocks,i was crying 1/2 the episode haha
Lonely is the nite. Im on a thin piece of rope waitin to c if i make it or fall. Imp  nd im sori 4 everythin
I need a new friend in my life cuz Im real bored and gonna continue to be bored while my peeps r gone! MAN my life is sad  well sumtimes
@japansoc Im having a problem signing in to JapanSoc. Im using Google ID and once I clicked Sign In, it goes back to Registration page 
@C00L_BEANS lately I've slept 2 much usually I don't sleep enough. Im craving a Hot chocolate with 3 spoons of sugar 
Im so nervous about the flight tomorrow.. God please make me feel safe 
@funkimunki263 ugh MASH is wat Im glad is gone but I miss...our buddies I'm class and a lot of stuff  I wanna go back to skool JK!
is watching ellen , but I think It might be a old ep .. Im not sure lol ...  I LOVE ELLEN !!! woop woop she is amazing ! so freakin funny
Ughh my chest hurts SO bad and feels wicked tight! Im gonna cry it hurts so bad! 
Was at the seniors' graduation today. Im gonna miss them 
@mzkalila where you buying it? from MAC? Im passing it up the SUMO deal, how sad is that? 
@Crazycunt Im sorry, if I had come over I could drive u home  Is Erica still there or is it just u?
@CourtneyCamilla it was on BET  Im late
No six flags for me tmrw... I think I got worse! Im so sick... Gay!!!!!! 
Grrr....Can't sleep. Got that adrenaline rush that always comes after one of my migraines. Im tired 
On the way to Cons from Wilmington. Im so sleepy. I feel sick. 
@love_love_lovin Im lovin that Val..ive been off the exercise bandwagon forr 2 weeks 
I got sunburned on my nose!  Im glad I went cuz now I know to never go again! It was fun and I love the Lakers but today was just crazy.
Hi all... Can't believe Im up, been left with the baby too.. mates gone to do some shopping ...at this hour...means nappies and stuff 
@thecandystriper technically not uni bound as Im at home. There is tea here! next week Ill be lab wench... sad  Enjoy the hol while u can
@Sheenagerrard Im failing  Me and technology are at war! It doesnt like me, I dont like it lol. Enjoy the morning 
Everyday Im getting sicker  Ben Haslaw funeral tomorrow, which should lighten my mood even further!
@USEOFFORCEENT Yeah  Im still tired too! (lips poked out)
uhmmmm wll getting ready for GRADUATION!! Im gonna MISS everybody!!!! People get ready to cry your eyes out, I know i am!!!    
Im feeling so lonely now  Boring.
Everyday Im getting sicker  Ben Halsaw funeral tomorrow, which should lighten my mood even further. I bloody heart Placebo! &lt;3
I think Im going to get sick!!! Sore body and throat killing me!!! tried to sweat it out @ the gym but no luck!!! 
@Sawbo1 ur lucky if u r. Im all the way over in Aus  He should come over here some time 
Im back from school, gosh. Whut a day! 
Attending my second cert class. Iam too tired for search and rescue 
@shararee Only my tweets  My robot tweets and one that said Im in a meeting and running late.
Its me John Mc caughan and Im allways doing the same stuff 
@DemetriJaymze Im good.... It's 11pm there right... Oh tomorrow's (saturday) thing is canceled 
Rise and shine fellow twitterers! It's soooo early  Im not feeling so hot today....
5 hours of sleep  my back is killing me Im like an old lady HAHAHA oh man I need 2 get Eligh ready I think Im gonna take him 2 the beach
@Etiquette_etc i have that too  Im getting over it though.
@topbillinmusic Yo! I heard you boyz are in Edmonton for another tour, I would have picked up the booking but Im moving to Oz before then 
Ok Im thinking its a conspiracy...NOBODY is talking to me! 
Gosh its SO hot outside! Im so sorry 4 anyone that has to work outside 
One exam done, one more to go. Dropped by my journalism class to say goodbye! Im gunna miss journalism 
Im so Ugh. I can't find this persons house  her phone died so im fkd
Mortis the Tortoise died and Josh cried. We are going to bury him today. This is the first pet that has died on us  Im soo sorry Mortis
Im in nielsons class. Bored asshell. I need a nap and something to drink  imm thirsty hahahahaha fml.&lt;3 i just ate chips with @sarasanti.
Mortis the Tortoise died and Josh cried. We are going to bury him today. This is the first pet that has died on us   Im soo sorry Mortis T
Im awake now  is it desturbing the peace if ur neighboor is playing annoying horrible music at 9? Damn atleast put some good shit on! ~:-|
My tech appt just cancelled, kiss $60 goodbye.   They'll be back. Im sitting here in an empty office, somebody call toll free 866-99-ALPHA
@DonnieWahlberg  from T-Dot &amp;Im a crazy as u can see from me digging trenches 4 u,my tics arent that great and you'll be so far from me 
@MissKeriBaby Im sure you guys gon shut it down!! Too bad you guys not coming to Mia... 
@erindeal Ill be leaving when you are arriving  Hope you have fun! Enjoy the beach and VA! Im sure everyone is excited to see you.
@MzNeNe26 Hey mamas. Im sorry that u are bored. 
Im trying to figure out why my IPhone has crashed whilst updating  I think I've broke it
@itsdarryldsmith so my thank u on the book was NOT PERSONAL?! Im hurt 
Three days until Angelica moves.  Im going to be so sad.
Iv been told not to come back pand dont want 2 but i hav no place 2 go. Idk what 2 do yet. Im just walking but idk 2 where. 
@bushwhack Im glad you have such an exciting life you lucky guy you :-P What happened to our chat last night? It never happened 
@JoJo_sheGOTit Get that paper mami! WDGAF! Im unemployed with a degree life sucks right now. 
days come and go but my feelings for you are forever  I shouldnt miss him but I cant help feel like Im just in  bad dream &lt;3Pot Pie
@theycallmebarz YAH just got it yesterday, lol. He looks old! Im just now beating the game.   -Mind
Im never going to get it done in time. Probably going to be an all nighter  Oh and #peterfacinelli
Wow this is a crazy storm!..Wish I wouldve woken up earlier, now Im stuck at my house all alone 
@ellychick Im getting half your feeds  so what I got was &quot;he then informed Id put on some hose and be right down&quot;  
@lovetoiceskate DAMN! :'( Can I have a link to the Jonas Brothers please? And this one im following had a link on JB official, Im stupid. 
Street dancing show went well, and still not decided what bryan adams song to sing at the show! Im stuck with choice between 5 songs! 
Why must it be so windy outside? I want to coat heads  Also Im itchy to play Zelda but I wont cause I promised Lukey and thats ok! :3
@dsashin UGH!! I said it before! Im the last person on earth who dosent have an IPhone 
@JamiseLDames Im listening to our song by @epiphanygirl, lawd i so have to get you back, im thinking of him  WHY
@SONfan4lyfe yo wish me luck! Im battling the dude in 3 hours. Im freaked out &amp; nervous cuz he switched the day! Nooo 
Im ready to go home. Jk! But were gonna leave in like 5 minutes. 
@CientifiQ Youre having a bad day 
Im in da library, noelle and Kayla and connie just left. should i? maybe cuz im really bored. noone 2 chat and laugh with. 
@Stevo092 Im sorry, man like i really didn't mean to make you feel upset 
@WHITWOO1RACHEL yeah, u need to do urs more than i do!!! lol jk. I need some ideas for my other one too. Im ashamed that its been so long 
 Im dying of thirst and I wish I was in a large body of water somewhere in Hawaii!! Anything with clear water actually!!!
Cat passed away. 1998-2009. Im gonna miss that fat bastard. 
@Im_Saul your so mean 
@lordjenn Agh! Whole screen of binary is even scarier! Im just waiting for this whole thing to crash...(again) 
Im so Hungry ugh I dont want to cook  I miss my moms house right about now lmao..
Im talking to him again. Bri go ahead and say whatever.  i can take it.
Oh boy. I seriously never want to leave Spain. Im so at peace with everything here  
DAMN DAAAMMNN! Y is this dudes name the same as the person Im trying 2get off my mind! Thats the reason 4 going! I only knew him by alias 
Im NOT having a good day!! Ugh.. I just want it to be over. 
Iam not in the krew 
At Camilo's house hanging out and catching up on things. Im not so happy with some of the things he's telling me thats been going on... 
Yikes Im thinking to Hard I just bit my lipp 
@dwadeofficial every1 keeps telling me u didnt look happy. dats a lil dissapointing to me.   Im located in the CHI
Im completely fascinated by the jonas brothers on larry king. Missing my @jtimberlake days 
Im about to go into highschool, and the last time i was kissed was last summer. God, that is so sad. 
@iamdanicole Im so jealous have u seen what my 3G looks like. can we say FAIL!! 
Holly Crap...Im leaving for Hawaii and Now China wants to launch missiles at Hawaii  YICKS!!!
@buckhollywood First - You have awesome shorts, Second - Im going since Ive been in the &quot;lounge&quot; since 9 
Plz remind me 2 never wear tight shirts when Im bloated n after eating a big meal..some homeless guy asked how many months pregnant I was 
Do you feel hollow when youve known how ive lied?  wow i feel like ive grown up , and im proud. Im proud of everyone.
Im bored....  But blasting the Archie Album... 
Im out of Hitlist  Sad 
Rain!!! I wanna go outside but Im not a fan of lightning 
@sgfernandez Im not really obsessed I just want him to respond to me Joking I know I'm not good enough for David to respond to  Haha
@DavidArchie DAVID!! Im in school now! Im from Sri KDU.. I miss you so much  Can u please come back to Malaysia and our school again ? 
@NickkkJonasss Thats suckss for mee!  Im always lateee. First late by 10 minutes to watch you guys on JustinTV, and now this. SOO SAD ):
@Voldymort ooc: Sigh. Im so bummed though. 
OMG Im really bored and tired! 
Sorry twiggaz.. I kno I've Been slaxking!.. I juss lost my 08...  Im juss BriLLen wit Dha bestiesz Doe!
@BABi_89 Im from CT and need more follower 2 and I dnt see me  LoL
Oh God!! Im real scared now. I think I have an infection. FUCK!! Have to call the doc tomorrow, I hope nothing serious has to be done 
Another schoolday! Yeah!  three tests today! Im officially gonna die
Im scard jenis mum jst pt 0n a l0w cut t0p ad said l0ok grls my cleavage isnt wrinkly yet! Aaah! I dnt wana kum bak 2 jens h0wse 
Im starting to give up on love! Cause each day passes without seeing u 
Im guessing hes not goin to call after all.  i wish he did. Imp&lt;3 cant wait till hes back in sd
On the road going to Tennessee! Im already sleepy 
@rikad00dle Girl, I wish I could help you, BUT Im unfortunately not that talented 
I'm Talkinq Tew PacoSanchez.. And Im New Foo this Is tripy 
Apparently Im allergic to California. 
I feel like Im 5 again...In bed w/Tasha bc the power just went out bc of the storm &amp;&amp; I'm so effen scared!!! I hate lightening! 
@NKOTB_myangels yes i no me 2.. Im waiting and waiting!!! awww 
They closed the 50th state fair 2night.  But thats okay cuz I think that Im gonna go 2 dnb 2morrow night! WHOO HOO!
Im upset because someone has taken Daz401 as a username 
@isistaylor Im thinking bout moving there. Anytime someone wants to book me, Im never around  Luv 2 go 2 dinner with u when I get in town
Hey kutless freak. Ya u. Im talking to u. Txt me please? I dont think ur phone is working rite! 
@officialcrownj YOU SHOULD perform for people younger than 18 too in NYC!! Im living here but I dont get to see you cause im 16!  SO???
He is definitely abnormal. Never meet anyone so instantly obsessed. Im sure I embarrassed him.. but i guess thts nt enough 
FRIDAY finally!!! Im taking care of the cafeteria today, then after work i will go see the Hangover with a friend. A friend who is moving 
 Im crushed, How could i have been so stupid?... ~!$@M@NTH@ !~
Why so quiet tweeters? Im ready to chat and there's nothing but silence. Sad 
@Radio1Killa hey there!! *gasp*!! u spelled my name right 2day!! Im on here after I done ran my phone battery down!! 
@Miamoodles 31st! save it! ill be very dissapointed if youre not on 
Once again im up @ an effed up time. Im tired of bullshit ruining my sleep pattern. Having too much to do always interrupts my night  
I met so many wonderful ppl.Im gonna miss my little Faith so badly!I hoper she never forgets me.I eill make sure 2 visit as soon as I can 
Less aggressive now and Im part of the world so I can't fight it anymore,philosophical,eh? LOL Nah...Just gettin older I presume 
Fack. Some of u just slept. Im now wakIng up for work 
@TraceCyrus I was totally going to see you in Copenhagen. But its sold out, cause my friend couldnt decide if she wanted to go  Im so sad
 @lazoug KStew and MA still together http://bit.ly/cdrcw happy or not?? Lol Im happy if Kristen is happy
@GreyEyes No FF for me this week as Im only working half day and no iron  and, Timeonline is due by noon today (Sat shift is on this pay)
Omg I think Im gonna be listening to rent or stefani in the daily commute  . Need my car!!!!!!!!!!
So I put my picture up... I know, I know... Im so gagster it hurts. lol Nah not even a little bit...  oh well.
Im gonna wait 2 get the new iphone, my contract isnt up yet anyway!!  looks cool though! Back 2 sleep!
cough, cough, sniffle, is that a cold?? Im about to call out!!! Yay! SIKE. Reporting to work at 8am 
@oxoToekneeoxo Omg! amy was killed  I cant stand this show lol. only cos Im completely and totally obsessed with it.
Can somebody send me and @ reply or direct message or something? Im so bored 
Im like bored..... watching sililent witness lis to breathe no more Evanescence learning it on keyboard at skol its so sad 
Im depressed because my blackberry is still broken and I cant prove the new UberTwitter  Movistar suckssss!
last day in NJ...  ... oh well, Im sure my kitties miss me anyway...
@Leilani412  Im sry...he sucks. 1 more night and then SATURDAY night is here! lol I must b a dork, cuz im way excited.
Ugh, Mitchel Musso isnt sending out anymore Tweets!! Im sad. 
@peterfacinelli Im thinking the whole IE fiasco was my fault. I had NO idea it would be taken badly. Sorry for making you say sorry Peter 
@Belleslife Im spewing Poh got out she was my favorite 
Good morning Tweeters! Im leaving camp today  i will miss all my new friends!
waiting for the Keri to burn, heading to the bank &amp; then I'm hitting the road. Ya'll pray for me...I've never traveled alone  Im scurred!
Im Hungry, Tired &amp; just blah.. but my doggie is getting groomed! How complicated! 
Im worried for Iranians  ...but I am hopeful for them to win!! love you Iran!
@WillKelley your niece just turned 15? Damn Im getting old as shit   Yes play that song on repeat!! no babies pls. lol
Jelly just left dentist! Root canal  but Im headed to Rehearsal cause Im A Bad Ass Mothafucka  hahahaha
Tea time . Im cooking again. At least it,ll be what I want and not veggie food 
Im a bit hurt that aburke didnt call me to go to lunch.  Melle
Im at the Ropes potluck! Boy I hate double dippers 
@NinJAH_NiCki hey booboo, sorry I've been MIA. Working all hrs of day and night. Now Im sick 
@mauijames Thank you.Hes the 1st dog i fostered 4 Rspca.Hes got a family.Hes on palative care until its time 
Listening to some DMB Live in hope I will feel like Im at an outdoor concert instead of moving. It's not really working.  HULU still rocks
@Sticifyngaz Hey you!!  Im jus goin through some shit right now.. tryin to not let it get the best of me......  how are you?
@bonnieblob Ok I feel old now - Im 30 already 
Im dying here at work. Hungover, hungry and its just me and a bottle of water. 
Im dying 4 that, why Nick? im gonna cry 
@Sexy_Nerd no lol. but its ok. Im gonna take him for a walk. MIL is gonna take daughter but they usually dont take baby for the wekend 
Im so bored here , I want go back to Florida 
@sherrie89 I wish I were sitting in my couch in my underwear! (id pass on the pizza tho) Im at work!  But i get off in an hour! Woohoo!
Im at grad but frankly my day has probably been ruined... Whether that is completely my fault is debatable... 
@Twistedlilkitty Tomorrow sounds deadly too bad Im in work! I cant even go to Oasis 
Im not into FF TODAY 
Im so sweepy. . . Thank godness for Oasis tomorrow. . .  BUT still must wake up at 6 
My boyfriend aint called or txtd 2day ... Sad face  *LO(Im)VE
Headed to dr. Fever of 103 and horrible sore throat and upset stomach. F. . pretty sure this blows. Im sad 
@Daniel_Ley thats cos you fail! Im still only on provisional tho   Talk another time 
Dad's friend is so nice  wah! Im coming home naaaoo 
I havent been tweeting lately  *tears* But Ive been so biusy! Im going to the library (NERD!!) to gets a book pour moi ;)
was Blue screen of deathed! Oh wells, Im rebooting this shit thing tomorrow. Windows 7 Beta here I come. Srill not too happy tho  night x
@ACTION3SA its cookies homie. Im in sd tho.  holllllllla at me.
Well Im out...gonna say my good bys to my baby b4 he leaves...  
Come say hi to me.. Friday and Im drinking and Im bored  #jtv http://justin.tv/wendy1974
@iphone_dev Hi, Im not sure if you've received any updates. PwnageTool does not work with PPC based macs 
Owl city is bk.  good for happy times, and good for sad!  ..     tehe. Im so bi polar! ;)
So for those who dont know, THIS is what Im tryin to create. So i still need to fix things. Arg.    http://tinyurl.com/letjx7
I really wanted T.R to stay  ..Im glad Katherine is though!
Im actually really missing Dubai..its like separation anxiety or something!! I wanna go baaack 
Im walking around as Stewie follows me playing the tuba. 
@exoticmaya  Im good on the phone.. Its done aint no telln what people gone throw away til mon. im sad    Maya
@_ericamarie I got rained out of going... (explativie) I hate not using photo passes... Tell me how it goes!  I'm bummed Im not there 
@Whitney_ATL Yes... I just got it back duude!  &amp; Im sure it wasnt towed.. got the theft on camera but cant see dudes faceprayers plskthx
Im babysitting my lil Chelly since she's outta school now 
Im done working HURRAH!!! But now i gotta go to fresno...no fun 
@kidnapdavey youre missing the frantic 
Uh oh! The storm is here!  Im gonna cry! Ah! LMFAO
@Passion_Purple Im offended... 
Ok so everyone knows Im an ending peeker. I read an ending earlier today and now am SO uninspired to read the rest of the book 
Im at a NKOTB Concert n all i can think about is @imcudi!!!  cant wait 2 c u in concert!!!
HOLY CRAP. I finished my grade nine year. Im going to miss it 
@brianstreetteam Im so jealous of the BA tattoo, I couldn't make it back the next day 
Wishing that Im 21 already!!! Prrffff!!! 2more yrs! Oh boy!!! 
I'm at work and bummed...Talk to me...Im Lonely 
Heyy twitter world!! Im kinda disappointed that @TheKellanLutz hasnt twittered in a while.  *~M_i_s_s_y~*
@RowLoFo and a good b'day. Im not on hols yet. I live in Australia. I still have 3 more weeks. 
Im too scared to ride Kong!  they're making me go.
Dont wanna leave work  So much fun  Im hungry :/
Im bored as hell. Its like Nearly 4am and im still awake! I think i suffer from Insomnia or something.... 
@kevincottrell Thanks Kevin, Im check him out because I haven't found anyone local in Socal 
@rakeyrake Im inviting some people to my place in Phillip Island next weekend. You should come! Ive got a 21st tonight so i cant hang 
@manimbo@furrancess@soulpnaytration  @TFK for short. Im missing out! Ugh
@SaraDMB Oh no Im so sorry to hear that! How awful 
Ok...so Im kinda mad that im in the house on a fri nite w/ no plans 
and joe...why...why....just TELL ME WHY.... ....Im dying for you...and you changed...Im disappointed...because you're another joe 
Im still bhind on 'I'm a Celebrity get me out of here' but I can't stop watching it.  Something bout LDP &amp; Sanjaya on the same show ...
@RizzoTees Im jealous! They're sold out everywhere around me. Gotta wait a week. 
Ugh!!! Im SOO sick right now.. 
Im about to eat Pizza wish I had a girlfriend to share some with 
@Socko8q3f Im so sad i think i might cry 
Hi hi, testing testing. Lol! Im so bored now! What a boring saturday!  - http://tweet.sg
Im bout to take my but to sleep didnt stay up late after all... Fail 
@Kayla_Lasserre Im so upset i choose yr1. I thought it would be funny too but it wasnt.  Im gunna have to see Hangover though soon!
@lubnak1 Im in Memphis 
Packed boxes and loaded 1/2 of a 26foot moving truck. Im mad tired and need a massage 
Wanted to go out but looks like im not. Im gonna drink alone tonight. 
Ugh! I HATE rain!! Im all wet  Yea umbrellas were def irrevalent. Cant wait til I move to the dessert (Arizona) Less than 3% rainfall/yr!!
I knoooo  @Char_216 but its hard to eat right around fam &amp; friends...Im gonna pay 4 it n the morn! 3 miles!!! &amp; 1/2 hour of jump rope!!
Ugh! I hate rain!! Im all wet  Yea umbrellas were def irrelavent. Cant wait til I move to the desert (Arizona). Less than 3% rainfall/yr!
is going back to sleep. or trying to! The party going on at my house is getting loud.  will it stop? Im exhausted, PLEASE... need sleep!
wishes the economy would get better soon. Im on the verge of loosing everything. My car will have to go first, then soon my house. 
Ok, Im bored now. And my hair is like everywhere.  Not cool.
Im so stressed out about everything!!! Ugh! Cant sleep 
@MsAli_SOBB Thats what do be SAFE. Im tryin not to fall asleep real talk i gotta long way to go its all bad. 
@Alex_Lately Im sorry I haven't ben in all day. Ya. The one day I don't go on you invite me. 
I dont think Im goin to Va 
Im tired  Summer now yay!
Ahhhhh, no food in this house! Im starving 
@thyROMEO Im sooo sorry  she's watching over u now. Gonna miss u Melissa!
Stayed @ home for the past 48 hours how sad. Im broke. 
@thatgirltess I might take you back, Im too nice, but ur gonna leave me for Navin again. 
Im watching tv LMAO cuz im bored and my bro's using the laptop dammit suppose 2 make a layy 2day 
@1stLadyEL I feel you Mama.. I gotta be up @ 5 so Im tryinggggg to stay awake and Soldier it...  and time is passin 2 slow
So incredibly bored its not funny    Im gonna buy the Jonas Brothers album tomorrow  soooo excited...but oh so bored.
@katrouliks lolol Im still working  I'm hoping to come up next week if that's ok? My laptop is still in syd, I'm waiting for the USB stick
@mileycyrus  Im sure Nicky will always be your rock &lt;3
is having an insane week! no time to watch any shows  missed SYTYCD &amp; a weeks worth of Im A Celeb. this shall be impossible to catch up 
Im sooo0o tired and sore.. Oh my! I dnt feel good wah..  nite
is having an insane week! no time to watch any shows  missed SYTYCD &amp; a weeks worth of Im A Celeb. this shall be impossible to catch up 
Im still really tired from going to Edinburgh yesterday 
Good morning.. I hate different time zone.. Im waking up when all my friends go to sleep 
Whats the time now??how are ur weekends ppl? Im still at home with no plans! Belief me.  - http://tweet.sg
@shamazipan Morning! You seem very cheery! Im off to work soon  U should...go streak in Silverburn!
Im going for a drive today ;) Checking 4 (out of 5) horses.. The weather is quite nice  Long time no see  I miss Liten the most...  xoxo
Finally home with @Ashleynycole in one peace. i love everyone who put up with me today. Im really sorry. GOODNIGHT. Camp in a few 
Damn hot. Im sweating just waiting for the bus &amp; I showered before I went out! Soooo humid 
today's the day Im officially allowed to hate my mum for seeing Mando Diao without having known it before yesterday. I wanna see them too 
Im still hungry after a bowl of wanton noodles. Want some more but an ex-classmate is at the table next to mine 
Im Kinda Sad Cause SU3D has started filming and i really wanted to audition for it 
Goodmorning... Im Up early so I'm NOt to happy.. 
Dua konid, plz!! Omidvaram ke hichi nemisheh emrooz. I havent slept at all...Im a worried mess   #Iranelection
@HabboxDev Oh, Can't I go out? Shall I post it in the away thread? Haha  Im going out with my dad 
Im ill  ...Have to go back to sleep.. zzZZzz
HOT DAMN @RockBouvierJr! Im super sorry.  Call me on your way home, dude.  I miss you 
@K2_is_my_prince http://twitpic.com/7w8xm Im with you ! NSW was robbed lol unfair 
Im so tired.. My head and stomach hurt 
@Im_Just_Chloe FYI, @AlohaJosie is soooo excited, she's b-side herself (in case u didn't know).  Wish I could b there!  
@nomuyuka I know! Im so excited for the concert! Too bad I have to wait until August  Hahaa &lt;3
Im the proud owner of an iPhone 3gS! Not much diff really 
Sup dolls? I had a Crazy ass nite,lost my keys, wallet, purse! Im tight now I gotta call all these places to cancel cards, etc 
Im not going to guitar center now  damn it. I guess Imma go back to sleep
Im in jail for the FIRST time in two weeks this is lame!  lol but everyone is still asleep in my house so not ready to do anything! LOlL
Morning. Im officially sick  Looks like a day to curl up and read a book which i will do. Someone let me borrow the Twilight book!
Im on my lunchbreak.. Food is goood and i dont want to go bnack to work 
Im sad. We couldnt find the store that has TOMS in Elon. 
Concert today.. Im so sleepy  wish I'd never leave my home yesterday
Im following Oprah, my hero, and she has over a million followers, so I can't even say hey to her cause she wont say anything back. 
@Im_X1 Not looking good. 2-4 hr wait for parts. Lightning fried phone system. 
Yes, Im going back to Cali for two weeks! But not till August 
Yesterday was awful and today is the big bday celebration. Im excited and nervous.. My life is insane 
My Sony slept with me through the entire night! No cries or acting up... She was perfect. Im surprised she wasn't whining for her mom 
@BTW_Im_Lia lol me too! Lol some ppl didn't kno so they was cryn cuz walmart was 20min away so dat it take dem bout an hr 2 get bck 
I have to go clean up all the cans in the backyard!! lol! Im still not talking to him!   Wonderin if Miguel is right? Wut should I do??
Im being such a bitch to Scotty, pay back though I gotta watch him eat his steak, I can't eat cause it hurts 
Im so sad. My hair has faded already,and my mom wont let me dye it again.  maybe if i beg her...
Im so not excited about father's day tomorrow...my dad is doing yet another tour in Iraq.  I miss him 
Im tired. Rain is mean. 
Omg. Im just gitting up now. I totaly wasted my day in bed.  ***Zachdj***
Aaagghh.. My hayfever makes me extremely annoying. Im coughing and sneezing and both my nore + eyes are itchy. HELP  be simpathetic ppl!
Im Sooooo Bored &amp; Im About To Get Off!! 
@jennyreyn I have no suggestions Im afraid.  I haven't heard of any alternatives to Tweetdeck! :S
@lou7hood they are a bit. Im lovin the new Nokia N97 but its waaay 2 dear  where in usa have ya been? x
@LizzoLuvsMiley Im Really Upset 
All u summer scream folk...Ill miss you! Im very jealous I cant be there with you  Having a job makes stinks! Go get ur socks rocked o ...
@Skittleydoo I know!!! Its soo exciting dudeski!!! Im probably not going back up to WSU 
Im Sick  with a fever and I don't even think more cowbell will help!
Sittin on a bus &amp;&amp; have bn for the last 5 HOURS wow! Im sleepy thoo  xxx
@Cavs_in_2010 Harveen. Im leaving next month. 
@Ohh_Laa I'm sorry....I can imagine how  you could be feeling.
Fuck! Im working on my birthday! 
Im making food and accidently burned myself with the boiling water. Shit 
@Raizak Oh didums, a full week to wait? How ever shall u cope LOL! Im just bitter n jealous 
@DoubtfulDella move to Canada and work with me!!! &lt;3 Im sorry things are rough for you lately  *hug*
Na na na na, na na na na, hey, hey, hey, good-BYEEEE!...Grad on Wed! Im going to miss everyone!  but ready for new things.
Headed to jfk airport going home. Im So sad to leave NewYork. 
@Kayleeleanne Im not happy. My internet is down at the moment 
@Chris_pinkapple  dont think its swine as thats meant to be mild. Im really pissed personally - i would have stayed home if id known 
Getting fitted for my bff's wedding.. Im sad. She leaves for Tx in 2 weeks! 
@stephanie04 lol! I really left! But not from a lack of @RyanStar ;-) Im a mom foremost, and a 5 yr old can only take so much  Oh wel ...
Bayley and michelle just left. Im going to miss them. 
@Jacob_808 awww no I cant believe your new car Im sorry dude that sucks  I might come back once more before school in the fall!!
Omg i almost ran over a squrril this time. Im dangerous to forest critters 
Im tired, i have a headache and my tummy hurts  a bad saturday!  &lt;Cory&gt;
Dunkin Donuts needs to start delivering! Im havin a fat moment but its raining outside 
Im sick of the rain. Packing for Texas tonight. 
Im feeling suddenly drowsy. Nooo. 6 hours at work today. I can do it 
@comfykitty sorry honey  wish there was something I could do for you. HUGS. Im here if you ever think of anything! sending ya some love &lt;3
Im sad im missing the JB concert tonight 
@ShelbyRayne Yes they were. Im being force to hear lame ass music in the car 
Ok !!!Im ready for summer to start in Oregon. Miss Palm Springs already 
@Jess92 Yeah........my arm is starting to hurt! Im gonna be sore tomorrow and u wont be w/ me to give me a massage!  
@1192tom Good one Tom! Im working all week  Im gona try get a few people together saturday night and go for a drink then?
Bye xxx for about two days. Im sure you'll be fine without me  the constriction starts......NOW!
Woo hoo.  Who won?  Im missing it!!  
@dhri: lol. Yeah. I am full of envy. Im still on a forced diet.  
I just wanna chill , lay around , and tlk to the boo ... but he's goin to the club ... sad face   *LO(Im)VE
Im shooting rubber bands around the office at work. Boring day. I wish i could sleep my headache away 
Im leaveing tommore! Woot Gunna miss da day dat every meet each other up  o well move on w/ya life.
Im starving ya'll belive I haven't had dinner yet  Waiting on my steam fish, I hope its spicy an have nuff okra fi put inna mi back LOL
Crying..  My cousin just got backto Texas.. Im sad.. 
Just realized that I won't be able to watch SNL due to my messed-up satellite..Im really sad now 
@Tyrell I know...Im so bored 
Im already Sick to my stomach and im not even on the cruise yet. 
Im go to sleep, sad  Pablo come and rescue me please! I need u so much 
Im sick  fuckin high desert... But it was fun... Dont know if i get a trophy had to leave before the last match was over. So well see...
Im gaining back the 10 pounds i lost. Ew 
Just found out Jesse is moveing to Texas...     hes my best friend of 7 years my Drumer for 6 months... Im going to miss you Captan!
@K4Ice4Thu thank you for calling me back sis! ;) Again, Im so sorry for did not ask you in the morning. 
Nooo! Im sorry we can do fandango tonight  i was hoping u were in town cause i want you to come to drive in
Omg Im so freakin bored.  Why am I bored on a sat...I wish I would have brought my Japanese book to my cuz house so I could practice. 
@chelbel3 Im sorry Chelsea! 
@Young_Jeff  Im hungry as fuck!!!!!
Ive never been on twitter this long. oh my. Im getting off the pc but it wont help. Many of my good twitter-folk come to my phone. lol 
@Cathynose awwwwwwww...  Im sorrry Cathy
OMG! I just lost my last pair of contacts and imats is tomorrow! my glasses are soooo thick! eww... Im going to look super geeky tomorrow 
@K4Ice4Thu LOL yeah~ i guess im more comfortable speaking in Viet~ LOL~ I sounded so awkward , Im sorry 
I Need A texting Buddy Im Bored 
I think Im just gonna let it go...why put everyone through this? Why put myself through this? It probably wouldnt work out anyway... 
Really effing hot at work today; A/C guy was there for 4+hrs... I think he was a hack.  Heat box again 2morrow?  Im guessing yes... 
What a shitty night! Matt has pissed me off again and hurt my feelings on purpose  Im tired of having a heart. I wanna remove it
Michy. Can we cancel the bet. Im sleepy 
@rathoggie @LeMonjat tho Im like LeM &amp; my nose twitches Theres a lot of money still getting made on these Scams &amp; theyre getting better 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Jammy bugger, Im on wireless til 2pm 
A movie &amp; 3 glasses if wine later, Im slightly depressed. Nights In Rodanthe was sad &amp;&amp; Ive gotta say I did tear up.  What to watch next.
@JanetChase lol I know alot of people that like Liver :S Im sorry to hear that be a veggie made you ill  Was it like protein deficancy?
is missing her other 25% and youre not even gone yet 
Ok, now Im on my way to my room to study again for 2 hours!  BYEx2 Tweethearts!
Im off to Liverpool to see my mum. I wish I wasnt so disorganised..have a whole week of people to see..what to pack?!?! Dilemma 
Love has never been so far. Wish you would see how much Im going to miss you. 
I'm craving for chocolates and cakes.. Yet i cant have one.. Im all alone, stuck in my house.. 
Im Sooo tired it is an effort to even lift my arms i feel drained may fall asleep and is nervous about tonight  have eaten a bag of sw ...
@brettystar  Hey Brett , Im feeling like crap sick of hearing bad news  .
@Beever I really don't like that Percentage, makes the top bar way too crowded!  Im not on 3.0 yet, no Internets in the new house! 
Im up at 4 in the morning like gwen stefani's song!... Haunt been able 2 sleep since i got home.   I &lt;3 MINNIE
@despidir Im just pretty nostalgic. Thinking abut so much people i miss!  ...including you!
Im off to get ready for portsmouth! may not tweet until tomozzooo night  sad stuff, gonna miss all the mcfly updates :'( Danny Jones &lt;33 x
Im still in KL and my feet hurts! huhu 
Im actually going to get a puppy today in Van Nuys Im soooooo excited I have been lonely for years   let alone a date or relationship
@vp2008 i already reported like 50 guys but there are too many! And there is the server 'team -CDF-'. Im banned on it. 
Im thinking DAMN i fucked up and wasn't thinking...now im paying the price!!!  
@itschristablack kjsdnkjn i wish i could go  have fun while youre here!
Im leavin tenn and heading back to SC 
@mahafreed Im running out of battery .. 20% now. Wont last for long  anyway im planning to get out soon and get more daru...
Im really really tired  and idk what im wearing to church... Freestyle51! &lt;3
Im bored of cleaning now ... My back fucking kills 
@SanamNaqvi Youre sucha bum bum! But who am I to talk really? I pretty much, sleep (maybe not as much as you) &amp; live off my 'rents too! 
@MrsMinifig  When in doubt, reboot - with external drive connected.  Im not at all expert in these matters 
Yo all. Im noob. Plz hlp me 
now Im really sleepy... ~_~... COFFEE!! I need it... though I'm not drinking one 
@assante OH you are SUCH a loser!!!!!!  YOU got an iPhone?!  And, what is this picture?!!  You went to grass on the green! Im jealous 
I aM maRrieD tO a MOnSTA! ForReaL... &amp;&amp; HiS daY iS tOday! Im sOo dOWn... aT thE mOmeNt!     wE would oF beEn @ Kuza!   UgHH!
@JacqueseR Im going to try... my baby is in VA.. 
Im sitting on the computer fighting off the flu!!!!!    I can't wait until it's gone so i can go and SWIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@mileycyrus why are u dating Nick again?? Ohh i hope u break up again! Im gonna pray for that to happen 
@yourbhalls but youre going to be so close to meeee.  not fair.
Happy fathers day except Im not even with my father. He's in another state!  sadddddd. Sucha pretty day. Yahooooo
Nooooo! I forgot chicfila wasnt open on sunday! Im so sad. 
@sud_ Yo bhaio!Im cool yaar.but back to pune n college.and its so boring!  Miss mumbai and all those night parties n my car!  sup wid u?
@soaperator MY phone died last night! Im so sorry! Steph wanted to go straight to the bonfire instead and she was driving so i just went 
Im at church...yes im STILL at church. I want to go home. 
@selenagomez Hey sel! Im a HUGE fan! (: Can you tell david henrie his website won't let me login...? 
@sebFlyte Im more worried about the irish bussiness going under. My brother is a producer on the live rugby team 
@katie1003 Me2. lol Im going to see it this Friday. Yea I forgot about that part lol 
@paulmason10538 Im playin Hide and seek with love 
'Opps....I meant &quot;I appreaciate eveyone who is now 'Following Me' on Twitter!!!! LMAO. I just woke-up so Im not on my best typing skills! 
@Iam04 i have watched some of those! i feel like it's gone one ear and out the other though. my camera makes me look fat 
Iam soooo sleepy..... but I really need to study 
Im really tired. The sun got to me! I want to take a nap but thats gonna screw me up. Noooo  gah!
Not Read Im Karus 
@PerezHilton personally, i dont like you. But you're a critic, and you dont see roger ebert getting beat. He was in the wrong. Im sorry 
Sophie has her shots and her kennel reserved...  I'm gonna miss my puppy when Im gone.
@Blacklickorish Im still mildly contagious, so Im not sure if going to Hell is a good idea 
Im back home i miss @Kayala1 and her doggies and stuff and im in pain 
Im gunna have to 2nd that @Trelawney17 also Tysons last night in town 
Im abt to hit this drive thru &amp; cop a bottle of Nuvo...we gone celebrate my new jobby job, hate its on the North though 
Subway for the first time in months. Im excited. Except the lady in front of me is ordering 10 sandwiches.  -justin
@pRyNcEsSkv-Ive ALWAYS wanted to know the same thing. Jealous u can shop @ VS. They dont make GG, so Im always out of luck &amp; a few $100s 
Heyy Peoples Im So Sadd 
Sorry not tweeting much 2day. Im sick don't want 2send my germs in2 the twittersphere.  No work 2day. Just me, the sofa, &amp;the ellen show.
Im off!  Good luck !
Im so stressed out about hs. Mama i really do apologize for this, mama jadi ikut pusing 
@kristinbrennan Im just going to the Racquets Club now but will be around most of the day. Sad you are leaving 
Ugh......Jon and Kate had to separate.....Yea, I cried when I heard.  Im still depressed 
Im so mad i didnt even put the cute girly curls in my hair this morning and my phne about 2 die.....SMFH!!! 
@day_b Good, Im trying to find an audition song! 
@pluginbabyS Im so Fucken happy i could cry! Yeah, on break. 
Its so hot out today. Which means today when im working.. Im gonna be SO crowded.  Off to work until 4.
@AngelIbarra Im sure you're bummed bout leaving home for so long  but completely stoked for Warped at the same time haha
@rubysharp  I dont want my woman sad!  Well Im going to the shop around 12, so hopefully it will be fixed up enough to go
@5starweddings Im jealous. Here in Boston we have had straight rain for about 10 days. And it looks like its not stopping anytime soon 
I want to cry  1 year, 1 whole year Without @NKOTB!I'll tell you what Im gonna seize the day &amp; enjoy my next 3 shows like they are my last
Um, what the heck happen to the sunshine!  Im thinking summer is probably over here in Juneua. 
@saint_gutfree Im going to Saffy's brother's wedding. James already inquired of our attendance. 
@thevowel LMAO Im very tempted to erase what I just wrote &amp; do that. Would need a pic with my 08 pass to drive it home &amp; I only have dogs 
@I_AM_DASH u did? Im still tryna sell mines. 
@Carly_jo15 Sleep is always good...Im sorry you have been slacking in that department 
@xbrookecorex Im sad  I know Justine has a lot of fans but she doesnt reply to my @replies
@keylahtia sorry for neglecting you my love...I have a SPLITTING headache right now  Im drained, tired, and stressed...bad combo
@exgirlfriend82 Havent done a thing today  Tweeted the day away. But its cooling off so Im getting motivated. I HOPE!!
@JillianBConrad Im sad you couldnt meet Abigale today 
@DonnaaDash omg! If that was to make me Jealous.. I think it worked.. Hiss! Im going to get Mine jore!  i will buy like 10! lol.. 
@IAMJUNELOVER Im LiSteNiN tO MuSiCa ahOra....Yo TrAnSfgRmErs CaN b SeEn ToNiTe @12am BuT u GoTTa WoRk ToMOr 
 its ok. Have fun. Ill get some another time. Im moody and cranky
Im on a mission to try to find my camera...i miss it!  &lt;P0!5!oN!vY&gt;
@xxkassyxx  HMMM if you dont go to Indy Im selling all tickets 
@Lynni69 Same here. I feel Im always yelling at my kids  lol
@bestkeptsecret1 Thank u! I think that pic was taken the week DJ Hut closed  We have 2 get up soon, Im goin 2 GeorgiaStateU in the Fall 
Hmm what am I doing? JUST BEING ANGRY ! Trey Songz definately just followed 15 of his supporterss  and Im not one of them  . fuck!
Starbucks run, with Quynh and MJ...for the last time...in Temecula. I'm going to miss you Mj 
@Im_A_Trip naughty naughty halfie 
Ive never known pain until now  I miss him so much. Im gonna try and force myself to sleep. GOODNIGHT world.
@bape228 Keem, help me, Im sooo siick right now 
@gilbirmingham Goodmorning. Im new to this. Im slowly learning how big this is in the US. I've never seen a star treated like that here 
Having a cuddle, watching the Swamp Diamonds episode of MST3K. Sooo glad Im off work for the next 2 days. Missing Pandy muchly 
Why yes past, Come on n. Im always up for a good haunt...Psh...FML. 
Omg ! its so wierd.. Im so hungry and theres actually nothing to eat.. Been like this for two days 
Im feeling REALLY sick..i hope i feel okay on sunday  !!!
@TakaComics Ahhh  lol Im actually disappointed. XD Anyway, yeah it was for your update. She mentioning she had no penis XD
Im hungry but i wanna wait for dinner  ( BOO~! )
Im not going to lie.. Ive been up crying since 1.. With the worst ear ache 
Man Im tired. Didn't get to much off anythgin done. Im slacking on the workouts right now 
@RachaelFinch Dose loveQv do male products.in need of a good hydrating moist. busy lifestyle = noticable wrinkles. Im to young for that 
I just realized I been missing MAD direct replies to my tweets. Im sorry for anyone that I havent responded to in a week or so. 
@MiszGianina Iam happy for you keep her close it's hard to find real friends these days 
Pissed.. Im STILL ill 
Take a shower, en prepare to go to school. Today sportday. Im a little bit of sick 
@haileybright Nice!  Im ready for Diablo 3!  Many years ago I played it for a month..     #nerd
@NiteshNitesh Im in Nainital enjoying my break from work. Its my home town. Ill be back in Delhi soon and Im not really happy about it.. 
Im sad the DVR ate my recording of the last half of SYTYCD 
Ugh its almost 2?!? Im so Gunna feel this in the morning  i wish i liked coffee..boo!!
Iam @ work 
@bexyboodle @mishfics @Jackattack008 @singhisiksha Did all you guys just have IT?? hahaha, miss u guys...Im so over being sick right now 
It is pay day today! BUT! ......  OK. Im gonna go home!!
Lol Fuck you nick. MEANIE face. Im serious though.  i want himm 
@greg_wells  Agree! was a great article although Im stuck with 30 newpapers and dont know what to do with them , poor rain forests 
Im officially on vacation now Hurray!!!! ...but @ the moment I dont stop passing the McFly's gig @ Hammersmith, Im absolutely nostalgic  x
@Emslou78 Hey Hun, you ok? So you had a good tme last night? I heard they were amazing. Hope works not too crappy! Im still poorly  x
Im burnt  lol it will turn brown though ... hopefully!! Roll on this weekend fancy dress tommorow night!!
Im just getting back from the ER.  i fell and broke my arm.  This sucks 
Today disappears so fast it going to be tomorrow so why not we just call tomorrow today? Okay. I make no sense. Im wasting my time 
Ok, so Im havin a really shit day so far. 
@t_isfortammy Sorry for the random attack on your character. Im a bit grumpy. No hot water at home today 
Up early and out the door to meet TJ on set. Im so tired, went out till 4am last night  Long hot day ahead
Been a while since I tweeted... Im so bored... Just waiting on Dragonica NA CBT now 
Ahhhh..He sure knuff handled his bizz last niite...only 1 turn off:  he farted during...smfh...so nasty...Im still accepting applications 
@OPTIMUStik Im not laughing bxtch ass nigga. &lt;333333. and dont say that you love me either bcuz you DONT! 
@WishingStar morning sister!!!!!! Im really pissed u won't b here 4 my bday. WTF  think im gonna go to ATL w/ reniya....hmm
Im gonna sue facebook and myspace! Lol If it wasnt SO addicting I would get more than 3-5 hours of sleep a night!   Haha
Im so weak. Prolly the cause of losing alot of blood last night.  - http://tweet.sg
@BreBaby143 and Im thinking the closest i'll get to them is 4th row in Indy no 5* for me 
@NEEDISAYMORE09 Damn! ok  I think Im gonna make me a list too lol I been accomplishing a lot of my personal goals so far
@kimsnotebook Im trying to get mine but it wont let me  Keeps saying no matching tickets found!
@ASOS_Nat I think so  Im gonna be touristing tomorrow, raining on my parade!
@MimiHotLips  Im in a room with no service atm  Today tho it was 20 deg less than yesterday at the same time!! Weird weather!
Im back home now, aaaall alone  hehe.. But omg! Mom didnt get me the hairthing that I wanted! Im SOO pissed right now! ..&quot; Daaddy? &quot; 
@NicciDGAF omfg... Im sorry to hear that   Nicci ill neva say it again!!
@robertwise ooh, wish I had one of those, but I cant eat it, cause Im allergic to gluten  Love them though!! you getting ready for Mexico?
@Aboogie1988 Shut up. Im not stupid. And my nose is stuffy, that's what I get for talking about you. 
Soooo... Im changin the name for eyeshadow &quot;Arab $&quot; bc apparently the word Arab is not so P.C. ..didnt know :/ ... so now I need a name 
@StudioXIII Im sick of it! Who would have guessed ALMOST 2 days in a row! 
Dude at AT&amp;T tech support sounded exactly like Borat, I had no idea what he was saying and Im still Internet-less 
@HeatherPark thank you. OMG.. no where has the calgel  Im so sad, I have to venture off into another city ..
@zelut hey now Im an ITT Tech grad 
@ralphieaversa Im laying in bed trying not to puke, listening to illegal music, and booking Spain....a GA show   Yay for broken ribs!
@skysthalimit  Yea but producers should also give good tracks! Im having da hardest time finding good tracks 
WOAH! Have never been so stoked, Ive just found out a way to move to London next year instead of in three  Im so happpy.
@jaredleto trying to survive this day although Im alone at the office this week. Any suggestions from your side to brighten my day?  Thnx.
@ArfanChaudhry  Candles are not ment for a specific gender. Im telling u. U gotta be open to things of life. Don't matter what it is. 
@Framusic Ciao !!Come stai ?! Im in school during my Italian lesson, just thinking of you  Im in holiday this saturday, I cant wait! Love!
Busy week! Met with an outreach worker today about doing group activities  Decided Im going to really push myself to recover from anxiety!
@janeybelle15 Good thanks. Im in an unusually good mood 2day  hows ur easter holidays so far?
@mnowluck idiot I am not @kima. I am @Mizohican  Im in Mumbai only, where the heck are you?
@jeffmello yeah yeah yeah lol. Ill figure out something. Im childfree a lot on wknds yet still, at home 
@JayGee101 Glad to hear it! Im ok thanx 
Im getting ready for school. It's the last day of LEAP testing 
I'm in Paris, just got hair cut and had yummy crepe lunch. Exam went well and Im feeling great! A bientot 
@rustyrockets I dont have anythin important to say.. just letting you know that youre beautiful although you blatently already knew that 
Tomorrow is going to be GREAT! - Altho if I get eaten by a dinosaur Im blaming Sophie. 
YaY!!  Just found out Amy is having a Girl!!  LiL Bonita!! Im so excited..now I can go by little girly things for the babes 
Im on a Bayes theorem roll! done all my calculations just need to add another 200 words and spruce 
Im going 2 make Okonomiyaki again next week! its going to be fun 
@asot400 I love ASOT Im in heaven atm 
Babe have fun tonight. So ready 4 u 2 come home  &quot;let tha top down on the porsche, so necessary&quot; lol Im melanie u derwin Lol 2gethat 4eva
I like this a lot bro Im digN in a digitized I''m trapped in the machine kinda way. I feel like Tron now  =&gt; ... ? http://blip.fm/~4j7jn
I like this a lot bro Im digN in a digitized I''m trapped in the machine kinda way. I feel like Tron now  =&gt; ... ? http://blip.fm/~4j7jn
Hello everyone, Im a new member.. Thank You all so much for being my friend! 
Cheerleading competition at the palace. Im eating skittles for breakfast! Yummy 
Im playing Tomb raider Underworld i havent played it in 6 months cuz i was stuck but now im un-stuck 
Listening to Starsailor and Jonny Lang. Getting ready to go to the side job. Im staying positive though. I MORE MONTH! 
Listening to Starsailor and Jonny Lang. Getting ready to go to the side job. Im staying positive though. 1 MORE MONTH! 
Im ready for an amazing weekend!  Perfect start with the great sunny weather 
Yeah finally Im home now  Its nice to have a holiday sometimes
@Pandalovey youre such a republican! 
@Capital_M Aww, Im glad you had such a good time, 
one question... one answer...she sad yes...   Im in love and now no longer allone... I LOVE U MY HUNNY   &lt;3
@tommcfly holy crap youre amazing 
Haha i feel like such a creeper. Im like stalking markys twitter. Sorry- i just want a shirt 
Im On Msn 
Now Im Just bored 
Im am officially opening the pre-application process for the position of girlfriend. Ladies Hit me on facebook so we can properly monitor 
@nicefellow31 i actually agree. Gin-specifically Hendricks. Im on way home now tho...evening of craziness comes 2 end 
APPLE-BEEEEEEEES! Im yours 
@TranqJones ps. Im a little tipsy. Might not be as &quot;sharp&quot; as usual. 
is with Jaida for another sleepover! Funny that Im twittering to nobody.  Hah, but celebss ;; 
Hi there , I just made my account for twitter and Im hoping to meet new people . 
@dfcook @dfcook  Im kidding you belong to Angie but i can flirt 
Im officially scared of toys X__X -Lily 
going to sleep now my dears.  Im going to church in the morning.  Shall be lovely.  
I love Cat. She knows it.  She know im her number one fan. May fire or no may fire. Im her fan.
Im very sure... I know who a Baby Schumi is!! 
Wow i need to get up and just a few hours... Im gonna sleep now, Good nite or good morning  [ whatever it's in your country right now ]
The Wire is my show, i gotta cop all the Seasons... Im done 4 the nite well 4 the mornin that is 
@KalebNation Im still kinda annoyed at the whole International thing and for some other reason im not gonna place, but i forgive you 
Morning    Im hoping Spurs will win today we need to finish 7th :-/  COYS!!!
It took me FOREVER to figure out what to write for my twitter &quot;bio.&quot; Im thoroughly happy with my selection. 
omg! Im baking cookies at 3:00 in the morning Muahahaha!  For some reason..I cant get to sleep :\
@LuckyBailey yea Im here!! BOO  some tip for guys?
@VayaG re: jetstar birthday - wasnt that article from 2008. Any ideas whats in store for the birthday this year. Im dying to know 
Its april. Im roasting in the sun getting a tan. I love it. Lady Gaga on my ipod makin me howl. 
hi i couldnt sleep, so i got up at 7. Im not tired right now. but i am waiting for Terri to reply...argh! plz hurry and reply!   
@bella_marina was a bit tipsy last nite! Im never twittering under the influence again! Well, at least till the next time! 
@RAZNKN Since Im busy procrastinating about cleaning, maybe I will take a little ride down to VA to get you some gatorade 
@beckybootsx Im listenin too Star Girl &lt;3  Im so gettin back into them. Yay XD
Well Ive been doing my IT coursework all day, I have made quite a lot of progress  Now Im watching people on the Wii Fit 
Yes. Im outt that. In the clear. Oh and im gettng a puch pinto. 
@AliMaynard Hmm can't decide. Im going to have few more listens then will let you know 
@JusLiveMyLyfe  Good to hear. Im cleaning house so I can actually keep up with conversations. I admit I talk less to folks that I do w/you
@JPDTP True it was a beautiful weekend! Im glad I got out too. 
@JoeJonas1Fan1 Im jelous!! Im just going to one! x)  I live in Sweden, I never thought they would come here, but they are!!!  So excited!
@AmyB11569 HI Big virtual hugs to ya  Im getting ready to drive out to Boston....pretty nervous but soon it will be over. Staying STRONG
Im talking to Nadia 
@ahj - Im hoping Sun article was load of bollocks? 
@mileycyrus Hey Miley!! Im sara by the way...LOL 
Im back from Barnabas! Sooo glad I helped everyone there. They desevered it. 
@JeniPovey Yeeh Im Great  Wuu2 ?
Cara: Im half way!!  x
@mahjoe Lol!Babe,I'm a serious sugar junkie &amp; chocaholic.Bulk doesnt mean it'll last longer with me!Im definitely gonna head 2 gym 2moro! 
The lib is like a factory.Ppl work shifts there.Im the midnight shift. now, i work from home.lol.Gambate everyone.study week 
Im pretty guilty myself @EssenceoftheSouth and Welcome to blip  ? http://blip.fm/~4mgnp
@cassjenkins Im enjoying 1 with Ty and welch right now  Do they have them there?!
Im ROFLing at Wootton's twitters...now i just hope she knows what ROFLing is 
@philipsymonds Hi Phillip, I wish I could SEE ur exhibition!! what r u displaying? Im sure its super sharp!! 
@andre_tha_giant Do I get a prize  - hey no problem VLC is damn good. Im pretty sure its light enough to run off a USB pen drive.
@avril_lavigne Hi Avril. Im Courtney &amp; Im a BIG Fan . I actually Sound like you when i sing  &amp; Yeah I love you xx WB
@brob108 @petemc @LeeCarus  Im with Lee, I think the weather we had for it was more fitting 
@dougiemcfly LMAO, Dougie what Newspaper ? Im gonna have to buy it  XXX
@djnphared yep u did take me to the Chapel, but Limelight circa 1999 was better! Oh so Im movin out there now?  PROB!!
@mynameissasha Im taking jazzpiano with a former bandmate &amp; jz signed up 4 bass wif Rozhan. Need 2 improve my technique 
@scorpfromhell Why not surprised  by it ? Anyway Im surprised 
I can't believe Im still up! WTF? The rain sounds so good.. All I need is a body on the side of me...mmm 
Hey Brian whatssss up man  good to follow you. Im cruizing but still twitting i love this stuff but youre sister hates it...talk soon
@burtonztweet Im hoping so. Hello by the way 
@hollymcombs Im new to this, but wanted to saw thats for the add. U were my favorite on Charmed. Well, hope u have a good day 
@Im_PreOprah RENT broadway 
@benjaminmadden How nice  Hey, Im following you
First time on today cos Im busy for a change - hurrah 
@dietforever Thank U 4 the compliments Im no pro, I like to observe &amp; take pics, I would luv 2 travel &amp; take pics maybe some day 
Ouh yea, I uploaded 5 of my video from the NKOTB show in SToon!  Check my youtube channel. Well Im goin back 2 sleep. Its too early 4 me.
Ouh yea, I uploaded 5 of my video from the NKOTB show in SToon!  Check my youtube channel. Well Im goin back 2 sleep. Its too early 4 me.
@Thels Hey! Im getting the poor mans i-phone tomoro! The LG Cookie  Then I can twitter durin school on my Own fone!!
@tommcfly oh my gosh, Iam seeing you tomorrow so excited eeeeeeeeeeeep. I know you will be amazing. Write back please 
Im gonna see Raphael Saadiq perform live tonight 
@ExoticJO good deal! Im gravy, laying in bed. Bout to powernap quick  Ya dugg
Im up and have been for another walk to the castle this morning. Getting ready for a college trip to Glyndwr. Fun 
@JakiCullen Yeah  Im gonna come ALLLLLLLLLLL the way to Canberra to stalk you. xD
@paigeyjewel Spoon Licking Parades aint held nearly enough ,so Im also diversifying into very messy process of licking mixing bowls too 
CANDY - Mandy Mooooore  Im chraving for you, I'm missing you like candy...
Im ready to start deleting history from my life starting w my Phonebook uh oh its spring cleaning 
Im working in my 2hrs a week study time, honest I am boss! See all the NVQ as my hand flies across the page? Love it 
Im sitting at home watching biggest loser and on twitter at the same time! Gosh im talented. 
Im Dancing while babysitting haha, im teaching my lil angel how to dance 
@hankkorenzo u said u were partying but it's cool Im having a party in Berkeley 
@MrMk3 Im good... Yeah tryna do the best I can! Thanks for listening. 
@inkybear00 Yep, Im still here 
Pretty tired, but cant sleep. Pretty cool, right?! Im excited to play volleyball, and baseball tomorrow!  Its going to be killer.
@ShaniBeeGirl Ohh you love coldplay don't you  Oh yeah that pic was ... wow! haha. Im good thnx, not doing much. Been up 2 much?
Just got back from Evans with pretty much everyone. I had a really good day today! Oh &amp; Im now single  Goooodnight
Kevin stop taking 8 years  ( Im saches Echo btw)
@lilkimsworld Good Luck Kim Im voting for you every week you are serving nothing but FIERCE 
@Eminem just cant wait to listen to the rest of your new album! And Im so happy youre back 
Libby is asleep .. I can finally get some rest .. This was a really LONG day .. Im exhausted .. Tomorrow will be nice with my grandma  ..
Ok tweeps. Im off for a bit. Please keep an eye on @passionsista and make sure she doesn't break anything! 
just before I go. I have a weakness for tall sexy guys with glasses. Help me! Im dying of love  giggles
@GarryParkes doing well thanks Garry. Prob off for wee run this morning.But Im surprisingly comfortable as I am. Be nice to chat in Vegas 
weeeeh! Im with d gang now. Nonstop chicka muna 
@marco_cali Nope. Unexpected happenings - my sister arrived home, so Im gonna be spending time with her 
Im thinkin its a chem mod 4 day.. Oh the joy :/ ..cnt wait till 2nite tho! Out of the house fiiinnaally!  ..S.x
Heyy ! Im from Poland and i little can english, lol 
@AlanCarr Hey! Im 13 years old and i watch you on TV i think your bloody hilarious! You make me laugh all the time 
Im Yours is playing 
Im here with Kendall and Crystal, just waking up 
@lapoluxuryinc it does look awesome and similar to Xocai Activ! Im such a chocoholic  http://www.mxicorp.com/remote/xocai/
@jordanknight@JonathanRKnight Im sad I didn't win the NYC trip yes!still love you guys, been a jongirl forever..always will 'hint' 
Awake, but i feel dead. Watching saving privot ryan, i think. Im really not sure  &lt;3 
@jephalove Okay. Im on it. 
Im starvin guys!! I want some food... My mom is making some huevos y frijolez... Doesnt gt betr 
@Esme_Cullen26  Im sure i will now thank youu 
Im totally diggin on the @Highalertstatus  beats   Listening to K9 funk rt now Go check em out at http://www.myspace.com/highalertstatus
God im so lucky. Im beyond happy. I love my life. 
Tonights been a good night. Im happy. Nothing spectacular happened. But im just happy. 
@Emmieleigh Oh...Idk if I could do the bus ride...Im still a lil sore from the appendix surgery..I might have 2 pass =(..But thx 4 askin 
@ally_carlyle shut up! Im SuperAsian! Nobody needs 2 kno im eating @ panda express 
Omg i cant wait wait for dance this summer !!! Im gonna do lyrical and ballet. Ive been dancing for almost  10 years now hehe 
@johnmajor Woooow! Hey u! Long time no see for real! We have catching up to do  Im going to bed but lets talk this week.
@Fearnecotton hey! Im with my cousin,I was saying how I want to get Into presenting and he said he worked with you when u were my age!  x
@KhloeKardashian When are u moving 2 Miami? Im asking cause Im going 2 LA sometime in July &amp; I really wanted 2 meet u. I think ur awesome 
Tell your boyfriend, if he says hes got beef. That Im a vegitarian and I aint F**king scared of him 
@MissKeriBaby I would love to work with you some day  Im a producer from Connecticut....
@DaChloester lol im on da phone. U should order da cd ! Im watchin CNN  dey tawkn bout da swine flu!! Very important!!!
(@nthelayne) Well Im still up and I think I have shutup mouth  (30 Rock!)
glad to be home, aint used this twitter thing since i have been back. Im really happy bout my relationship with Molly, it is going great 
@Patty4sound Im ok too 
@KILA21 Do you know you're the ONLY person that calls me that? LOL. But  Im nosy but I am bout to read Twilight series again. 
@vickycornell and by the way, your damn right. Heat, Ingredients and efforts + cooking and damn fine praise. Im with ya sweets 
Im in the car on the way to derby. Going to see where the june concert is! 
@MISSMYA Im always up. Im finding myself up til almost 5 am errday and you KNOW we cant sleep all day. My company name is Sleepless 
http://twitpic.com/4h026 - Yea, u saw right, Im on money 
@adlyman Thanx  Im doing GREAT !!! but what are you doing in the middle of the night ?? =P
Random thought:: Im most def tweeting to zero audience and im craving a roast beef poboy for some reason...from mothers w/ debris mmmm 
@_Brandis_ Rewatch what? Im so lost 
@Kirra426: @Oprah Wow is this the real Opera? If it is I just wanted to say Im a huge fan. please reply If you get time 
Putting in my contacts and brushing my teeth. Yes i wore glasses but i didnt like em on me so i wear contacts. Im blind as a bat. 
@therealnihal Im in Swansea!!! 
@frostvalley Oh dont worry! Im bringin it with me---no confusion this summer! 
@bigbrowneyes oh no..my hubby has een sick since Alpharetta...Im good,the shows were all grrreat...hope u feel better soon 
@scotsmanstuart Im shamefully blugging our blogs at the moment so in your feed you'll be getting a lot of repetition. Sorry  xx
I left Kurt at daycare center and Im ready to get wild 
Wohaa. 1000 Crazy, funny, lovely tweeters on my list.  Im glad there are programmes like @tweetdeck to sort out data! 
@OnlyIsabella DAAAAMN !!! Im soo fucking happy ! I dint think that people hate fred as i do . Thank you 
@Iam_hiding Ahaha, well it still is an awesome picture, no matter where you found it. 
Im very hungry! Feed me! 
@spacecowboytrax i love it too, i hope i didn't sound like a b*tch when i said that!lol. Im loving &quot;Falling Down&quot; btw it's my shit!! 
@yourstargirl09 Hey gini!Im good still not over last weekend  bring on camping out 09 ;) xx
Poor tummy. . . Im listenin to my brother play paint it black by the stones. . . Awesome. I love music. 
@damienmulley LOL!!! Im ordering it right now    OMG THANK U!! 
http://twitpic.com/4hwm7 - Mee..Look at my hair!!! I think Im gonna go back dark 
Its so cold in New Jersey right now. Jeez Im pretty sure the winters here arnt as cold as it is today. Bamboozle was amazing 
@DavidArchie Im writing a paper on &quot;Whuthering Heights&quot; have u read it? I recommend it. I bet u have a ton of creative stuff in ur head 
Im Doing absolutey nothing just on MSN doin up bebo an this  haha
@KhloeKardashian When are u moving 2 Miami? Im asking cause Im going 2 LA sometime in July &amp; I really wanted 2 meet u. I think ur awesome 
I left my phone at home all day and felt naked! 9 texts, 6 missed calls. 4 VM. Im loved 
@KristenjStewart  Hey there, hows it going?Im a pretty big fan of yours and the whole Twilight thing  Haha,hope new moon is going good 
Im LIVE again  check it out! http://www.blogtv.com/People/CydiaThemes dont miss out this time! (via @ironman_333333)
@TaskProductions I agree...make mine everyday too...wouldnt say Im OCD but I like order. Everything has a place! 
@youromegagirl youre so positive 
Im back Spore. I miss HOME. Khilla,im on my way 
Kiddo's at school and Im having the place to myself.  Till Noon. 
Homework ona weekend. Driving all over scottsdale today..cool. Im gunna go joggin..peace 
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Im so exshausted.Goin' to take a nice shower soon 
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
Hey Twitter'ers! Im new to this but ive seen my friends do it  Plz Follow me n I'll follow u back &lt;3
This Steve-O show is sooo sad.. Im soo proud of him though!! 
Im in love with Cody Cyrus!!! 
@mileycyrus: Would you go to senior ball with me?? Im chillaxed, got a GREAT sense of humor, AND handsome. 
Lakers game tomorrow night!!!! Im soooooooo ready! I been missin my Kobe  GOOOOOOOOOOOO LAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cont'd...sawwy just keeing it all tha way one-hunedd. Ok, Im done 
Should i make a video about the Jonas Brothers . Like the JB idol  Or about ... Send me ideas people ! Im runing short and im not fred !
@Vane_DEW  Im seriously so excited ur going to the today show...will u tell Jonathan I love him? 
@endsiny No worries doll, its what Im here for! I luvs you! Tomorrow is a brand new day!  *Hugs*
@taylorswift13 Hey Tay!! Plz can u write hey elin to me? Im sick and if u do it I feel better! 
Arrr. Exam is on next week.. Im dead.. bwahahaha..  I love you btw!! 
@busara7 Im Duong in VietNam. Where r u from? I'm 19. I dont understand what you wrote down in twitter, please tell me! Thanks! 
Im still in my my pjs  but I haveto get dressed cuz Im going to see Dancing on Ice live 
@macaronigirl Im soooo intrigued! I want to try this weekend. Kaya lang baka maaddict ako. 
@dizzybunny. Haha. Rite. Im freeeeeeee. Britneys spears listenin time. 
Fuck im suppose to leave in 10 minutes, im naked, hair wet and no make up. Im going to look interesting today 
Dreary bus ride home. Im rubbing my eyes out but at least I didn't spend the day in school. Over 12 hrs well spent 
@DarenYeow Oh wow they are really good  I think Im going to use one of them lol.
@jesterjay SWINE FLU. Some family just came back from Mexico, i'm staying FAR away! Im feelin much better now thanks Jay 
@lola0507 hi my love! Im ok, just trying to get thru these finals, they're going to be the DEATH of me. how are you 
Im trying to make my MySpace look good. Check it in about 30 mins and leave me a comment 
Im soo happy Kellz is back from TN, we bout hang out  all the time 
@WatchMeRise youre very welcome....you deserve it!! 
@MrsTravisBennet its cool.  Im glad everyone had a nice date night.  Maybe one day ill get one too. 
Ugh im so tired and i hardly did anything but play with my niece, Im goin to bed Goodnight eveyone! &lt;3   
Star trek was SOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Spock and Kirk were hillarious!!!  Im seeing it again. sooon.
@AClockworkToad awww! thats sweet TTT!  Im sure she will love it! your a good son!  
@AnnyChih Im sure theres a pamphlet out there somewhere  (Oh, foods pretty good too)
I dont care who gets mad. I like speaking my mind. Im alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! Fuck u! 
Just got out of the VAST show &amp; IT KICKED ASS! Just as mindblowing live as on CD. Sang my fave songs. Im n awe! 
Kinda meant mother. Im giving props to @tonyabraham for taking us 
Thank you for the advice   I'll work on that when Im not at work.
Dang Im going to be in the Philippines when the new Transformers movie comes out... but honestly Im not too upset. 
Okay Im going to bed..Toodles twitts i've had my fun for the day 
Im sending this to my mother!  http://bit.ly/1aa1RF
@LesleyER Its goin good takin it easy ths weekend  Im preparing for the big events comin up for me U girls INSPIRE me 2 do great things!!
4am. And Im on the beach. Pretty 
@kristensaywhaa Good deal! Im doing good thank u   The one about me loving my mom? 
Yay! Go wyattt your totally amazing'!'! Im So happy for you.  yay
Well, for java atleast  Im still working on my php solution
@LeoWolfe Haha! Night man, and no, but Im sure I'll meet her again in my lifetime, in fact I will...no doubt about it. 
Im LOVING the #Squarespace Tutorial Videos, real helpful 
@itssquish Im great!  How are you? Im dying to know. xD
@faithsonshyne  I just hope the kids dont get it with a texta...but It is the Art issue I guess..!~ lol..Im going to order it tommorrow  x
@_dznr Cuz you DMed it to me. Haha, Im kidding! No coffee and pepsi for me. 
@jbgreece Im from Israel  And you ?
So long everyone Im driving out to visit my awesome grandparents in IL cuz I can! Ha 
Graduating College... Oh yea and Im one of the speakers!! 
got alot to do ... God in it though so Im cool 
@solangeknowles HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! you really deserve it, Im sure your a great mother 
@MissMaryJ Heyy! Im followin you now 
Paranoid- The Jonas Brothers. Im getting their album the day it comes out and on that day i will be seeing them in concert with Demi too! 
@volatilemolotov Im stealthy like that lol If I hadnt been sick I probably would have twittered more. 14 days til CP! 
@VikkSyn I know!!! Aint it great!?  Im messin with u
@bonzai40 Im hanging out with sam till she goes to sleep. Then im gonna post the pics i took today to fb. I will be there later. 
Im sitting next to Angie!  Yay!
Good players, but u put ray allen in situation where he's gon take his time &amp; pass it to a real baller, thats what happens..Im sorry.. 
@AznRocker13......Well what can i say lol  Im so cute arent I 
Im home and Chillin 
Im taking a leave from work today. Planning to finish some long sending 'home work'. Hopefully 
@OGBERRY Im glad yur standin behind what u believe in O...its really sexy to see a guy hold a convo about the Bible and his beliefs 
How would you like to get paid for eating chocolate? YEP for real! Im doing it  http://bit.ly/Eodfr
Sleepy a hell ]Out the showa and Im feelin chill. I love my life.  feeling high right now? Who cares im so close to being knocked, th ...
Im phucked up yo............. listenin to Donnell Jones &quot;Where I Wanna Be&quot; almost hurt myself looking @ the title 
Fuck almost got introuble today.. again... I seem to get in trouble A lot. Im so rebel 
@JenBorton hehe youre on dweebo! well done 
@KristiBice  YAY I have one more term Congrats!! Way to go!!  Hi Im Angie
@Yareli7 Im jealous you lucky shit  Yasmin is getting 5 teeth pulled tomorrow..sucks huh? Ill send u a pic haha
@chrisamillion Im a supastar...hehe - you better win! #PistolWink. BTW - you need to #PistolWink ok? And I guarantee u a win 
God i love post exam plannings.  Im gonna start traveling again. 
AAPL Stocks at 119.49 - time to buy - @Rebeccask Im skint 
@MiMaMe  Just realised I can return it to a shop if I dont like it (no faffing about at the post office) so I think Im gonna buy it.
Duuude.i woke up the FIRST time my alarm went off,which hasnt happened since like...ever. Im in a good mood 
@imogenheap hello? Can you follow me too? Im following you 
@cwelton: Hi Chris, Im at napier doing communications, any advice when looking for work experience in the PR sector? 
@dirtmuscle Im 94Kg but most of it is just well formed vacum packed fat 
Let me know if you see any problems!  Im working on it all day today! 
@dannywood Iam sure she is baking one around you....you'll smell it....she is always around  xx
@Bones_Fans  Agree, god some really hated it! Im not going to say it was my favorite haha but it gives us a good storyline. 
@Abbie_xD Knew you would love them!  Im actually at the law school at the mo and just printed off loads of artricles I have yet to read...
Im Leaving on a jet plane  next stop Faro  bye bye mon amies 
@Street3 Im looking through it right now as a matter of fact!!!  xoxo &lt;3
@mi_que_linda Im great... another wonderfull day in the sunny Caribbean 
@roxannestclaire yeah! My tweetdeck isn't working quite well but as I'm half away of the computer, Im not complaining much yet 
@MitaJB IM SO HAPPY!!! Im married  Im a MRS. OMG! and you?
Well its been a long day so im gonna get some rest. Im out! Peace! 
Screw reality! Im going out!!!  ~Melba~
@MCRsavedmylife Im not Okay jk Im OK thxs and how did ur day hun??? 
ok Live sketch over, If anyone is on and wants to watch just tweet me and I'll set it up again  Im loving this headshot already though!
Im UPDATING SMTGS  hee
Wooooooooowwwww Im Not cool at all 
If u wonderin y Im not respondin to ya text messages (Cuz I know u been textin me)...My phone is broke  so maybe I can get some work done
There making Fresh Pasta here  Hungry! ) Oh wait Im already eatting icecream )
@STARxNuFFxSAID Das what Trey Songz say in his sawng... Im jus singin along 
Im shattered. Guna hit the sack, maybe read my book for a while before nodding off. tweet you all tomorrow 
Im going to bed. Tomorrow is gonna be a brigther day  i hope so haha
LONG ass day! &amp; Im FIIIINALLLY callin it in for the night. Early to rise for a morning workout, yay! 
@hasol Well to be honest, i think i will ace my homework! Im actually going quite well with it. 
@BlokesLib Good to hear...your body will be enjoying the break  Im good thanks going to take our dog out today to the woods near us 
@jswching @foodieguide @supercharz I am a sushi fanatic indeed  Ok if jinkichi is open Im going, if not, I may try robuchon or aikens.
@TeamCyrus @SwiftPick How old are you? Im curious with all my twitter friends' ages 
Think that Im actually going to try to make my own Things mods today. 
Im tired and half asleep.... Good thing Im at work.  Wuz up Cool Kids?
So glad to see another day..God is amazing and his mercy and annointing is fresh and new each morning.  Im getting my new phone today! 
@Gailporter Im Jelous dont tell me you lot having fun dont have any rain Grrrrrrrrrrrrr Not fair Enjoy !!! 
Im going to rock at Guitar Hero today 
@JasmineAtAnimax Haha .. Im Waiting for tears to tiara  i wanna join the contest but i dont have the 3rd Week, weekly code &gt;&lt;&quot;
@Orrrla Do you remember the Goddess picture?  taken approximatley 2 years ago..? Im going to go look for it 
@MC2011 How are you??? Im good  just busy and such with life lol. I got a kitty his name is Buddy!
@GuyRipley   Youre amazing.  .:why:.
@weddingz hey thanks for the link wedding-planning-101 but Im not getting married yet  yeah maybe last summer ) I will let u know XXXX
Im in need of a real good sermon this morning, so Lord send it on down.  Morning twitter-folk
@AlanCarr Im the Jodie who told u that eat lamb kebabs in azerbaijan i think 4 my troubles u should folow me, im yur No1 fan &amp; i love u  x
Im excited  Lost finale tonight!
@djblord im really not drinking, Im actually working been up a while that's all..  PEACE (echoes)
HaHAAh! I made a really good dinner ^___^ chicken wook with some veggies. Im good!  Or not.. But I really made it this time  Victory!
@delante do they serve stuffed french toast?! LOL It's the first thing Im gonna have when I get to the U.S. I SWEAR! LOL Enjoy breakfast 
Uh so bored  all I could do is tweet!!!! That's the only intersting thing Im doing
Im Here  @JBLPhotograpghy
@Magdi_Fernandes Ahhhh whasssap?! Im good thanks. Reminded me - email should be in your inbox in 5 
@RecipeGirl Your r my inspiration!  Im using a CL recipe, &amp; opted for choc chips instead of raisins. I'll let u know how that 1 turns out.
@Social_Citizen Never heard of them, but Im checking them out right now. Im always looking for great new music! Let u know what I think! 
It stop raining this morning &amp; I did make a lil bit $$ Im just bored now.It's a lil chilly,brrrr.Wish I was at the movies.Wanna c Xmen! 
@AgataAlexander Thats one reason Im 50/50 about moving, mum is gonna DIE! Hard enough for her to be in Dalarna and me in Stockholm 
Omg Im shattard. Lauras was beast but 
Im watching tv and the fact that Hannah Montana has WAAAY more money than Maddona makes me giggle 
Im soooooo tired now....An all boys are real creeps!!! Seriously, do they own a brain? Um, I think not! Goodnight everyone 
Morning. Well, almost the afternoon. x] I think Im gonna hit the pool. 
@OperationA Ah ok, you'll be fine tho Im sure! Your welcome 
Had fun with Jade  but tired so Im finishing my hw and off 2 sleep !
Well, Im gonna try and get some sleep.. I sure hope tomorrow brings good news! Either way, Im damn proud to be apart of The Resistance! 
@jasons wow, I just saw this @ thingie, sorry for not answering.  Well thanks... Im guessing you mean the upside down cake 
@Dragonea Youre my dream girl! 
I just cleaned the kitchen, living room, my room, &amp; did laundry in 3 hrs! Im exhausted, but it feels SOO GOOD to sleep in clean sheets  
woo! GNW and Code Geass is on tonight!!  Im go check if R2 #18s been uploaded yet...
@LiyahPark Im good Ms.Park really bussy with gettin my stuff together, doin good so far! Im just takin my time  How u been?
@Mikey_RHCP Im sure you will like it 
@BeckiLo Good luck with all your exams mate!! Im sure you're gonna do great 
@LenaHanson  youre  alive!!!!!!!! yay!! 
@robert_patinson Im glad your birthday was great!!! Im from Souh Africa so i will never meet you in person, Its quit sad.... He he 
haha yes we must always believe in #musicmonday ..nothing but awesome as far as the eye can see.Im ready for sum fun: hacky sack + Jam = 
@Yorksville Im applying for anything and everything as it comes up in Pembs - and further afield and yeah - keeping positive ta 
@TheEllenShow I wish i could come to your show!!! Im all the way in New Zealand though, maybe one day 
@4realashtont Dats wats up. Hes a great guy n dat song go hard. Thanx 4 da love homie 
Its one thirty but i dont care! Im done! Finished!  suck on my nuts miss gahre!
(@Alec341) Its one thirty but i dont care! Im done! Finished!  suck on my nuts miss gahre!
@CYNTX66 Im from Monterrey  what about u? 
@davidptdf Now Im Addicted...Thanks Alot...HaHa 
Im also waiting for Selena's album! I'm soo excited, even though I dont really like her singing, I'll buy it  i support all disney stars!
@bean_mother ive already cut that down.Im at 1 can a day for most days.Been drinking lots of water &amp; having fruit &amp; veg.it's a new me 
@serenajwilliams hello!Im Nina, your big fan&amp;it's really big pleasure to meet you 
@ddlovato im writing the last assignment of my college career. It's 5am &amp; Im so tired. watched &quot;Party&quot; live on Ytube. im awake now 
Im homeee!!!!! Going 2 watch E.R and later I will give U some MADtv stuff 
Im in a real good mood  Getting ready,school,home.Thats all my plans for today.
@b0j3 thats why  the question mark. Iam not sure about the concrete implementation but the idea is ok 
@jugeek youre not stupid at all 
@magnusholmgren thanks  Im thinking to make one or two on a larger canvas as well, from the Paris series
Im so gladd yesterday is done with! Whata relief!!! 
is home early today from musical Practice due to a power outage at TMSHS and is excited because tomorrow Im off to brisbane on my day off 
Hiii Im sat next to lauren and lucy in ICT  Lauren smeels a bit but never mind hahaha
Gud mornin up and runnin around i must eat now,&amp; then look at some disney  I know work comes first.Im home schooled we r on our own time.
@Hi_Im_Chris sweet   the gang was revee macro'ing in nyc... now wake up and keep me company! &lt;#
Watched Code Geass  and now Im about to watch Code Geass R2 
@MissLanae You have a great day too. Im glad I can always come back to my twit baby and recieve love 
@tommcfly Im so anxious about the concerts in Brazil, hope you guys are 2! They will be so AWESOME! Particulary in Brasilia 
Has started a SIG HANSEN fan video. This one shall be the best yet Im thinking. A great tune, and of course, a great subject 
@Digooooo Heyy  Im finee youu? x
Gosh I Love Taylor swift, Im listing to her right now. &lt;3 
I wsnt able to meet DA, nor see him f2f! Bt Im still happy! coz I was able to attend the cncert! dats d only thing that I was asking for! 
@rosyblue hey friend. how are you this morning? Im so good. Husband is back sun is shining and it isnt 948290 degrees outside yet 
Slow day at work, checking the latest Twi gossip on here and the blogs.NM needs to be out already. Im watching my Twi dvd way too much 
@Tidymom I agree. My almost 11 yr old doesn't really like to read either! (not like me Im a total library nerd!) So I'm happy she is! 
@Solstitial Lies, all lies  Im sure you have one of those amazing voices but think you sound crappy  Most hot girls hate themselves :-D
@hao_country U did not upset me &amp; neither is @Kricket_rc234 upset, Im sure. Juz wanted 2 B sure U tk care so U dun get into unnec trouble 
@AnikoHeartsJon Hey Aniko  Im alright, how u doin?
@Angel42579  whad ya say.....brrrrrring.....brrrrring....brrrrrring...LOL my poor whittle hormonal mind!  Im hangin with the best tho! 
OMFG....Im 18 years old 
@talcampbell u know i stay in dallas now?!?!? Im on the North side  dont be lookin for me at crystals no more LOL
Im am now officially a member of the Oliver Cast. 
@jordanknight I AM Jordan, Im so gutted I missed this 1 but im not gonna miss the next awsome cruise with u guys  xx
@CowgirlJP Ye! Coz I'm from your area... 
@darianapatrick Awww OK! Im glad to hear that 
@vmcconville Certainly was Vince - 3 hours there, 4 hour meeting and 3 hours back - Im shattered now and have to move this weekend!!! 
Ok Im gonna take a shower and then go to bed, have work all day tomorrow. Good nite tweeters  http://twitpic.com/5oi11
@moyameehaa Im not so frequent on FB but will add him  thanks heaps! And yes HUGE fan.
@BLAHSODMG PAHAHA! Im bout to be! Like right now.. 
@Tinkabellastar Im great thanks  Naaah, coz we dont have a winter break or anything. I have a two week holiday in about 5 weeks?
no reception at HQ, today Iam the @mangrove doorbitch 
@ramdomthoughts @geekachu Well I didnt like to mention about the Moustache..Im glad nether of you mentioned my ZZ Top Beard..phew! 
Im Up!  whats up everyone?
@ramdomthoughts Ah well I have also...its all good  Laterzzz Im offski and roll on tnite so I can have a few Wines to wet me whistle!!
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/5o0ze - YAY Cant wait!!! Im SOOOOOO exited 
@LilCease Im not even going to comment on that one lol Just know i like it  Hope to connect w/you again love..Dont forget about me..Muah!!
Im having fun! Talking to people can be fun! 
Im up and at it early this morning. Already @ work. Come in early and leave early to get the long weekend started! 
The sun's out. Wot are u doin?  me i'm woooorking. Im gona miss the picnic at windsor........
Saw my boys SYG today/tonight such a dope video. Im excited for it 
Just got home monkey! I refuse to work this weekend, so Im having a weekend off! First one in ages!! 
@blondeyy Bonsoir sweetness - how you going??? How's your week been? Im in the middle of getting ready to head out   Such a strange night
@JediRyan7 Its ok. Im so happy atm  Simone said she could take me
@ohindiegirl its our night tomorrow my lovely!! Im watchin Easybeats on SBS 
wonders if Badger will turn up in EVERY tvshow Im gonna watch?!  confusion...how did he get off Galactica to earth?...funny lol
@PaulDawsonSr Im already following @MarkVHansen (just checked)  Thx Bro! Hugs to ya.
Up early &amp; want to get to Shoprite before crowds. Need to top off tan before air-show tomorrow...... YAY! Im followed 
France soon !!!!!!    Im so excited  !!!!  ;-)
@Iam_srose thanks for the shout out!! 
@Figmom Thank you  This whole thing is new to me..but Im finding my way around ^^
@MrJRGregory Thank you! Im doing mine later 
@Mizz_Lia Im happy thanks!  Looking for a job
@3CB we might start as boss-bercue then the cow refuses with you getting stuck at b- Im left kwa mataa facing angry bosses  
Im about to go set up an assembly then watch an acapella band. Excitement 
@DavieLegend - Yey I like your tweet, Im working til 8, then joining you on Sunday, looking forward to it  see you soon x xx x
@Street3 of course. Im even a little bit tan!! Go me!!  You off early to get some stuff done?? ;)
Dawn left. Im an only child until sunday. 
@CariBerri Graphic Design... thats why I had to transfer... Im excited tho 
@JessicaLevin Uhh well when Im a dirty old man with my vintage Corvette in the driveway.. 
Im kinda just like sitting about, playing the DS, drinking hot choco &lt;3 and watching Friends....its really relaxing and good  ;x
@patjudis Yeah. Im beast 
Im at home bored lol. Ill bet noone follows me 
@Hi_Im_Christine  I'm coming to your graduation, I'm gonna scream for you really hard, like a fangirl.
Watching fight club before i hit the hay. Im glad that im my eccentric self.. Life would be boring if I were dull. 
@Sophie_Lhoste Im lkg for online info 4 u (in english)... I'll tweet it 2 u as soon as I find a site w/meaningful info 
@Sophie_Lhoste ok, Im new on it but I'll write about it.... though my blog is not related 2 this.... I'll figure out 
Going to dream land in a few and wandering if Im going to dream being at a Stevie Nicks gig 
Im excited like a little child... Itz gettin closer! ...she has2luv me 
So excited for tomorrow!!!!!! My daddy is taking me shopping all day tell I find the perfect dress!!! AAAHHHHHHH!! Im so excited!!!!!!!!! 
Rised my grade from an F to a C in Geometry! but i wanna get higher hopefully its at a B now! Im trying the best i can! wish me luck!! 
@Mysterindia Hv a friend ex ashram who visited textilers there &amp; wd love to go again  Visited/loved Gujarat.but then, Im a curryfiend too!
@SingleInThe604 Nice to meet you u too! Im glad u enjoyed the article 
@inyourvan Im sooo On Skype  talking to you.. bleh lmao
It brings a little sadness by a way but, Im ok 'cause I know that if GOD wants it someday it will happen I need to keep my faith on it 
Mathematical proof that girls are evil: http://is.gd/IlTi  Boy Im gonna get it on this one.  (via @deucehartley) worth repeating
Is doing homework and tomorrow night going to the D backs game Woot Woot. Im going to apply at the little gym tomorrow  wish me luck!
Goodnite tweeps, Im thankful good friends and family!  
Im on skype. Add me fashionaire 
@Taylorswift13 Im still trying to hunt my daughter tix 2 ur show in Charleston, WV 4 her 16th bday! Im glad she adores such a sweetheart 
Haha Im reading F.M.L tight!!  'm alos watchin ShaneDawsonTV Dat dude is hilarius watevr Fuck it if I spelt it wrongggg! This is kinda gay
@lelebee i mean, tell me when. To come. Idk. Im confusing. Get over it. 
@HandsomeFireman Are you following me? lol Im NEVER quiet...as a matter of fact...I may be Twit-ddicted. 
@imanawesomedork youre learning fast. 
Im going going back back to Cali Cali  (via @bchchik13) Amen , sister, you've been reunited with your common sense. #NSAC
@Im_A_Vujachick Yea let me know when you go 
@Leoyu0215 Leo processing.. Give me a little bit more time is ok.. becoz Im doing other logos too haha 
@Samael101 If you want Im still open 
@ruhanirabin youre very welcome  *muah*
Heh. Be off later. 
@MissKellyO english are the best and no youre not stupid 
Im going to auction off a few special items soon. After fees/shjpping ALL $ will go to the BCSPCA 
sela_:Im around this summer too and is moving in with me. Well figure something out.Iowe you lunch! 
Hardest part of packing is sorting out all the small random shit. Im just gonna toss it all in a box for a year. I'll have a timecapsule 
@Trish1304 Hey Ho!Im heading into town on sat night for a few drinks and then sunday Tanya is having a BBQ  R you up to much?? x
@BrianJacobSmith Oh.. And I cant wait to see the episodes. Im sure you're all doing brilliantly 
Im watching TERMINATOR tommorow 
