Most common words for this cluster:
[('im', 2019), ('na', 141), ('today', 141), ('day', 125), ('work', 103), ('lol', 100), ('home', 75), ('sorry', 72), ('u', 70), ('gon', 69), ('time', 68), ('tomorrow', 62)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Im', 0.9999561309814453), (u'im', 0.7674433588981628), (u'Iam', 0.7012494802474976), (u"'m", 0.6649997234344482), (u"I'am", 0.6470768451690674), (u'youre', 0.6421782374382019), (u'lol', 0.6298893094062805), (u'Ok', 0.6189585328102112), (u'hes', 0.6169021725654602), (u'i', 0.6087601780891418)]





Im such an insomniac this week 
@BritSystem She stopped eating and is just sleeping all day.  Im worried about my precious little bean.
@x0mrsjoejonas im okay.. Im just really really missing my best friend 
@deepbluesealove Im still here .. reading an article on a different site.Seems a little dull on twitter tonight with no music 
@hugbubble Im keeping my distance well well away from your comments , this is not good for the male species 
yay lovely weather outside dudes ;) Im pretty happy and unlucky same time  whatever !
Im up and awake finally, dont wanna b tho  xx
Dreading school today and tomorrow. Im going to get in sooo much trouble one of the two days. 
Im tidying my room, Why are school holidays so boring? 
http://twitpic.com/2yb45 - Eggies!!! For my sister and parents. Im not so sure Im gonna get some back... 
@attilacsordas  Im afraid not. I have a sony viao, thats officially  not mine, and a windows desktop 
Im wearing dumb running pants 
@Carm823 I did!! It looks good! Im gonna twitpic it when its not so red.... Im definitely sore today.... 
its a sad, sad day  Im selling one of the puppies today 
@seanpaull Nothing particuarly interesting anyway. Partially because Im lacking money but also because Im swamped with coursework 
man... Im nervous for today haha fuck you rachael for leaving me 
Morning twitters... Im going on only 2.5 hours of sleep. 
Im sitting here in the middle east hating the fact that i have sand in every part of my body 
@mattlopez Im sleepy... I did not get a good nights rest  But thats ok, I will tonight!  Im going to go enjoy the sunshine today!!!!!
Healing from having 3 teeth pulled, lord knows I think I did something wrong....cause Im still aching 
@nileylovestory hey whatd u video say? Im sick in bed &amp; cant watch it  explain?
I really hope I dont forget Im wearing contacts ... I dont wanna end up with swollen and sore eyes tomorrow 
Im stating up as late as humanly possible, since its the last time I can for a week 
Im staying up as late as humanly possible, since its the last time I can for a week 
@heidimontag Im so jealous your at the beach! I'm from crested butte &amp; we just got another snowstorm  what is your secret to escaping?!lol
@bellaababbyy Suppppppppp nigg? Im doing nothing  what about yall, yall?
@Schalley boooo. Im always freaking busy lol yeahhhh I have to be at his show that night. 
Im sad that I didnt get to go bowling  sad day...
Im craving some sort of dizziness. 
@mylyfesongz How was the club? I wish i went to UPtown now. Im mad! 
AND Im not even done, gtta finish grocery shoppin tom 
@kriwho get to bed lady... i know Im missin mine too! 
How did i lose 4 followers in less than 24 hours? Im back down to single digits again. That kinda bums me out 
Yeahh my mood is jst overtaking the fun of the party. Im outttt 
@rachMcfly life sucks man, school tomorrow  Im quitting a subject haha
@Robbosaurus Im gonna be at hospis all day 2moro.  
Morning everyone! It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining...and Im stuck inside studying 
Im shattered the sister kept me up until 3am. then i couldnt sleep for hours 
my toe that got ripped open hurts so bad. Its so tiny. Im never playing beach football again! 
Im sore and hungry   I would like sushi,foxtel and cuddles plz
@MattK_au wow! nice effort. Im stuck in the wastelands between 60-70k  need to find avatar as a rental somewhere
Im happy coz i just got twiiter and finally figured it out but im shattered that i have school tomorrow 
schools back tomorrow  I gotta do 4 maths quest chapters and its already 10 pm. Im the worst at putting things off :O
@tinaturntables alas it is an office based woe.  Im slowly getting over it, and will be cutting back my hours here soon anyways. Yaaaaay!
I can't believe Im stuck in work on another lovely day 
Missing Starbucks. Im trying to stop going there 24/7. Its actually been 2 weeks since I last went.. 
doing the whole church thing without the hubs today...Im so ready for him to be done with wlc! I miss seeing my hubby 
it is 12:23am. Im really tired...i want to have a shower but owen is on the loo so i can't.. grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Im trying to figure out how this twitter thing works  
Im not even up yet and my day is gone...well at least i get to see them hawks tonight jus hope it dont rain 
@keza34 noo  Im the good girlie  @nessie111 will have to be a bin girl to lol :p
You never realize how much you'll miss someone until they are leaving or have already left...5 days until goodbye..Im gonna miss him 
Im sooo bummed its so hot out here and I cant even go in the pool because my sister and her husband has let the pool  get ruined!!!  
Ah alicia is making me watch saw. Im so scared. 
Im getting yelled at for playing cradle of filth at the bar... 
I have dropped at least 5 cheese noodles on my poem and now its all goopy  poop. Im sorry ezra.
@jreagon11 Im going to take something but afraid b/c I may over sleep and not take the girls to school... 
@jreagon11 I'm not Im going to stay awake  or try too...
Im up way too early on my last day off 
My cat is sleeping on the comforter again! Im stuck with the little blanket 
Im not looking forward to mothers day this year : Im not looking forward to mothers day this year  http://tinyurl.com/cp8es6
@samantharonson http://twitpic.com/3n7gy - That is so pretty. I don't think I have ever seen anything like this. Im stuck in kentucky 
Im just about to start work while worrying about my wee boy being sick 
Just pulled my back walking and yelped like a wounded puppy. Im in sooo much pain 
@epiphanygirl Im far from sleepy though.....  sleep is not my bestfriend lol
So what to do, well im still sitting in my office chair, Im actualy doing something im twittering  and installing a server 
Im waiting on my teacher. She is going to give me a bandage. I have hurt myself on the finger, and it hurts! 
@iamdaniela that or im jus tryin to pretend Im cool  lol
Im hungry, there's no food left at home 
@stephenfry Im a wordsmith and a poet, enjoy me and make me millions!  please.
Im up early this morning gotta play taxi once again ugh!!!!	
@aliii322 are you serious?? Im sorry my fault 
@unltdcase Im sure a photoshop wiz will step forward as you expand.  Unfortunately, I'm not that guy.  
Losing my wisdom tomorrow, Im sooo nervous lol I'll never be the same again 
Im going to bed, but i probably wont fall asleep until 2 lol....   I'm so fucked for waking up tomorrow 
Im getting ready for school atm its a boring day 
@iba_o  ...Im pretty good at makin omelettes, you want tomato in that?
@erinallison Im sorry to hear about what happened and my prays go out too u im so sorry! 
@madeinfebruary Im free friday after 1 before night? missed u guys at fusion 
Just had this talk about transplants n stuff. Im one step away from crying and making a tit out of myself 
my exam went,well... cant really say!only thing Im sure of is:I wont get the top mark  but between pass n fail all could happen! :S lol
Im still kind of sad about my phone.... And i just put in new ring tonnes that were awesome.... 
Im at  my buddys house!! We just ate some mystery noodles and now my tummy hurts 
@itslaurakim I am feasting on a venti iced nonfat green tea latte. it always makes me heppy!!!! hi. Im' studying 
is getting a new mobile since im getting all theses mobile scams on my fricken phone. Im not allowed to get a crash hot one 
Im tripping off how great my shows have been this week, so sad its time to wrap up the television season 
So my back is practically broken.. Im getting old  Lol! I think I might take it easy tonight, going to bed now..ish? Yeaaah.. sounds nice.
Im freaking late  - http://tweet.sg
I need something to wear...Im so sad atm  I just something quite horrid...lol
havin another one of those nights where i cant sleep cause im thinkin about sumone too much  *sigh* ... Im so sad right now.
5 am. Im awake. my job today? counting money. 
34 mins til Im off Im staring @ the time on my side kick 
Im so sick of working every weekend  and not allowed any holiday time off
@Emily818 Lol, yeah.  Im sick and its annoying me   Thats good that your getting better though!
Im bored  just trying to figure out all the profiles ive made on the net but cannot remember a bit brain dead at the moment 
Ugh... Im awake. I want to sleep for just another hour 
is in a sad mood today..  I hate feeling this way. I have to work tonight, but Im almost done with all the computer work! YAY
@katietaty I hope your revising! Im getting ready for work dreading half 3 
has no friends on twitter. Im a loaner. 
@mfundi thanks!  And &quot;Im sorry&quot;  
Im tired, didnt sleep well last night and im at work now 
@jordanknight WOW I saw the graph and you were popular as anything this morning! I saw yours compared to Jons and  Im sad
Im up im up :p... grandpa willl be intown today! ... having my car towed to mechanics 
I getting a new phone!!! But I hate the one Im getting 
Im dying  why didnt you answer the phone!
I need help!  Im dying for breakout! D:
No one tweets anymore  Im all alone. xo
no on my way back to the &quot;N&quot; to rehearse my drums for a while but Im soooo tired 
Everyone is having babies now.  Im feeling old 
Im a twitter shitter 
Im happy.. i get to spend time with my preggo best friend.. she doesnt get out much 
Im siiiick!  thats wat get for srayin outside til 5am)
Im so tired....but I can't sleep. I am not prepared for the next couple of days 
Just getting off work. Im tired now but by the time I get home I'll be wide awake. 
well...Im single again!!!hahaha... its not funny 
@jennaq hey don't worry about it. just updated the links and the events. Im going to the shelter to bring some foster kittens 
@johncmayer should have a tweetup! Im doing the same.  The tables have not been kind 
@obeynevaeh Im so sorry about your dog  I am keeping you in my thoughts. I really hope they return her safe asap &lt;3
Im having an indecisive day, can`t choose what to eat/do. Wish I was still in bed 
Wow, we have a familyof touch screens at home now =P Im getting my nano back  but I won't have the itouch nemore 
@celticknot56 awwww  Im the same way. my cat woke me up... but he was being a little lovey boy, so i allowed it. lol
Im stucked in heavy pain on the way to home. 
Im soo bored i wanna go into town and have a sleepova but every1 is &quot;busy&quot; 
Im thinking too much, ang my brains acting bad. People here are baaad! To me. 
Im feeling the urge for another doze waffle.. Im tierd.. Not mutch sleep again 
Im such a dork! !!!  I dont want to go to school tomorrow. or ever. 
@sudosushi I know Im being a hypocrite but I think 3 yrs of taking his crap I am allowed to be 
@alexisnotfunny Im bored already lol.. my exam is a week on wednesday  and thats just the resit!
Im up guys this my last day and im goin bacc home tomorrow 
Im not very well atall. How can one wee person vomit up so much black sludge? Not nice 
@HeartBreakV Im hungry to but im cleaning up  no food for me
@nicolelmcc hahaha really? lol. I miss you too! I'm sorry Im so busy!   What are you doing today do you work the day shift?
Man. Im bored &amp;&amp; ts raining outside  I hope its sunny tomorrow. I wanna have a bright work day lol.
Im bored to death at yet another stupid business meeting  thank goodness this is the last one, whoop!
I need some motivation to stay awake . . Im about to fall asleep and I have tons of studying 
At home. And sad.  wish i knew what to say. Im speechless.
@taylorroyce aww momma  u won't fail. u have a goal &amp; ur 2 tenacious 2 quit before u get there. u've grown so so much! Im honord 2 know u!
Im attemping to do my last bit of math homework... but i seriously would rather sleep... i think i have a fever 
@modelprincessdy yeah aiiight i hope so. Im tryin to bileve you.  haha
Im buggered! 8.2km walk home then I had to jump through the bathroom window. 
@Tyyyy Im allergic to their seasoning  I cant even eat the damn rice. smh
Why am i awake at 5am? &amp; Im thinking ive got a cold  
ok get this shit did girl b hatin on Twiitter Im sad 
apparently I just dreamt that I raced my ass of today, considering Im nowhere to be found in the results 
oh btw, Im taking accountancy.. feuhh.. but i hate finance 
buying a house sucks and Im missing someone 
Im haven my pc upgraded 2day so i wont be twittering for the next few days or so 
Just finished a physics test...it was hard... Im gonna have a F for sure 
@_stargirl Im sorry your dog died, 2 of my cats died the same way 
@marmarrocksz Im taking summer classes here for a month and its a 3 course  but all is well. I dont think i can go home during aug 
Im havin a teary cos i hit ny neighbours trailor 
lose myself...Im faraway 
Im ill  i hope im better for my birthday on wednesday
Im so tired. I didnt get back in till after midnight  i need sleep
Im ready for wonderful day! I don't like that its gloomy outside 
Im hungry. But i forgot my pear at home... 
Ugh time for work... Im sooooi tired though 
Didnt get good sleep last nite and Im feeling it this morning 
Im not in skool..cough..im sick 
Last week just ruined my entire year. Im up to a great start.  #fail
Im wishing that i could think of something to do because im really bored!!!  do do do..........
All I had to eat today was a small sandwhich at like 12:30  Im sooo hungweee and have nothing to eat.
Im so tired...im gettin nowhere...jus wen i think things gettin good i find myself bac at square one...i need an miss my mommy!!! 
@newmanzoo  eh Im only drinking it to stay up late for work..no movies for me 
@c0074gd  tell me about it. Im on til 6 tonight  Im abt to grab me a 2nd one!
@emo_kat15 sounds pretty bad  Wish you luck! (do the same for me? Im allergic to something but don't know what)
Im tired its probably cuz i cried all day  waaaa
@JoieElectric Im so sad and depressed that this time last sunday we would've been gatehanging for mcfly and we saw neil i miss him ha 
I cant sleep  Im finna watch some TV. I might stay up.
@SYoung09 yeah it does! haha thats the whole point of it I think... Im still learning but im trying to catch up. heading back to school! 
Im so bored. I should be sleeping but...i kinda slept all day today :S lol and i have school  so uncool!
Im at work and I'm so fuckin tired right now 
I missed your call!  ill make sure i wont miss the next one.. I love you! And happy mothers day sandy! Im getting ready to call u!
Im attempting not to scratch my very itchy tattoo  looks good thou!
Im a hungover bunny 2day 
@markpeters77 Haha sorry! and Im very jealous, its not here...Its still rainy and wet! 
@daniellexo good, Im glad it went well, shame I couldnt make it 
Im not getting on here 4 a while if u know me u know how 2 get @ me im starting my isolation no one will care if im gone n e way 
Now I must do homework  Im pretty gay, I get back form school and then I do homework...
@JJeventvibe  HAHAHAHAH well yours was proli not involving alcohol  lol lets just say Im very special ..What happened to your eye?
@brittany_darby wooo I got it now Im just tryin to learn it aha brittany Im addicted to my phone  accompany me to blackberry anonymous aha
@evil_kinegro that's true, what I mean by agenda is like same accord. Im pretty business minded and she gets mad cuz I dont spend time! 
@mrskutcher ouch now Im not getting any more updates from you  the new twitter sucks! 
@ASMISHIPHOP Im about to go to bed. dont forget were going out tomorrow! &amp; my nails are messed up 
is headed to bed to get some rest before work. Hopefully this fever will go down some  Im burning up!!!
@olafsearson Im good ta -damn thats an early start you have there lol. I am just about to head off to work!  has to be done tho xx
Why does the time go by too quickly when Im twittering I really should be doing mumsy things 
Im fighting my sleep....must finish drawings for my art final 
Im so ill  my first exam is on monday and i havnt been able to revise for it and now the stress of tht ismaking me more ill
Ughhh.... Im super sickk... This sucks. 
My cat's still arent back  @Aieshaaaa Im making little poster things 
Im 95% sure i am not getting out of here on time 
@dbuch1988 Im stalking u friend!!!! lol! debs I cant do my essay!!! 
@aleshacal Im in the same boat. Trying to sleep last night was a supreme waste of time. 
Im rollin on my way to work 
I would very much like to apologise for my lack of tweeting... Im up to my click clack in assignments 
@maxlagos just waking up, cant sleep. its not even 6am yet  Im making coffee... I couldnt go with no coffee for 2 days in a row!
@danielthepoet oh Im referring to a different business. to answer, there is no real blog about it, no... 
Im usually a fighter. But its kind of hard to fight for something when they aren't sure what they want. im freakin sad 
crisis - i'm in a wee bit of trouble at work.  Im stubborn-and principled-enough to be dangerous for me 
@SarahAMurdoch tahnee and lola are defs my favs! Im an addict and have to get my hit from youtube though- apt block doesnt have cable!! 
Im hungry and thristy  i dont wanna be here . i dont wanna go home ...im all effd up right now
@CydaraElise when? I tryd 2hit you up while I was on lunch, but when Im @ my desk I turn the radio off... u fell asleep on me last night 
Im getting used to disappointment 
@licokitty lol k, when i gets monies we go. Im going to be staying @ tracys for week. U can too, but cant take kitteh 
wondering why Im in a poopy mood when I got what I wanted all day 
@mariechow Im in the bathroom  i just can't be seen right now....my mood is down to the floor, i'll be fine....
@rawrrxalliey Awww  Im sorry! He doesn't seem like a very good friend, =\
Im feeling all sick and queasy  its not fun
My night is shot! Im mad  I wanted to go out
Finally a goodnights sleep in an actual bed. Im pretty sure i made a fool out of myself lastnight  ..what a lady. whateva.
@Aahlixx Im home!!! I'm @ the mansion, trying to call some people to let them know I dont have a phone right now 
Im lying in bed,willing myself 2 get better..being sick MAJORLY sucks! 
@Dravie Im so not listening. cant believe I'll be missing spn tomorrow  it'll be worth it to not have to work on my bday though
Im up wayy to late, and annoyed at a guy, think its gonna be hard to shake this on blah 
Im feeling full of cold and no one to talk to 
Im gonna get started on history.. 
@awesomemoments oh girl, I don't have money money and my mum hates the extensions, Im lost  ajaja
Ive still not began this college work!! Im thinking of going for a bath now.....lol I cant concentrate today, i have too many worries 
Im with u patricia. I love school than home!!!  boo woo
Im still feeling unwell with a cold and a headache      xxx
Im angry! I wish my hair would grow faster but it doesnt 
@therealswizzz http://twitpic.com/5ctk2 - mmmm Im not a fan of these... 
Aw headache... Im at work till 8pm 
*yawnstretchyawn* Im so tiredddd  The boredum-bug is draining the life out of me!
Im finally eating a little. i want mimi. and yes kevin is cheering me up. but i want him here  please get him.
two more shows today then off on a 2 week break ~ Im not ready for a break yet  ~ at least I'll be paid this time!!!
@MarieLuv you miss your boo thats so cute. I just miss my cat when I leave him.. Im pathetic 
@gfalcone601 giii! Im listening the guys on radio1! so funny! haha come to brazil gi!  hope all is well! xx
Ahh, i want these sunglasses, but theyre 12.99 and i have no money D: Im gunna have to do my brothers paper round .. 
Im trying really hard to figure out a way to get my poor doggie to stop crying. This is the second day in a row now. 
Im so bored ... everybody left me  ooh well I'm gonna party it up !
@nessie111 lol i love how everyones said that! Im missing it 
yeah..Im cool scared a lil 
Im freaking out omg i dont know what to do.....i wish there was someone to talk to....feel like crying 
Im out of turtle food  i dont wanna catch bugssss
Im so tired and cant sleep..... that makes me officially screwed for tomorrow 
@BBIZZYYY sounds like we both need some snuggles  sorry hun, but ur young &amp; beautiful &amp; Im sure theres something amazing awaiting you!
@RussellBfan90 Im gonna have a strong coffee whilst the girls play and twitter a while then I must do some revision  what about u?xx
@llamalaura Me either... Im really bored.. I also have insommia... I want to write but nothing works out 
Im in london for a few days got to find some ting to do 
this heater isnt doing its job fast enough. Im tired and worn out and cold. only just got home and I have to leave again in half an hour 
I guess no one likes talking to me or about anything to me  Im not worth anyones times by the look of it .-.
good morning guuys!! Im going to school now 
@jenandhearts awh I wish I was going to cobra  stupid gay mum. Im learning my physics course,my teacher is a legend but he can't teach :')
@InnuendoPanda I am still awake but barely thanks only to a 24oz wawa coffee. Im thinking i should have done a 5hr energy 
Im lost without my facebook but refuse to go rejoin just yet..im becoming a recluse coz life is shit 
Im headed to bed... I feel so dejected... I know she said that we would be outta contact until friday, but i miss my lady... 
@GothixHalo he's not been well  but he's doing dishes and other such. Im just picking up a bit 
What i do! I do got a computer! But the sound is broke... Im a little sad, i dont got any good cam 
@lukemarsden: enjoy dude. Im still laid up wiv man flu 
@iLanax3:  ima miss that appt. :] but you'll be homeeeee! Im so excited.
How do u make friends on here? Im not feelin the whole following thing...disappointing 
#wolframalpha - depressingly telling me Im 1339 weeks 5 days old 
Im in math nw  I hate it and cnt do it. I want my baby, xoxox
appt with eye doc. Im scared 
Im awake  all i gotsta do is take zac to his car but theres soooo much traffic going into downtown right now!
Im so mad I had 2 leave tha party early last night 
@Tatiiz89 @iheartjenny - omq Im having some cramps too  boo hoo !
Im sad...cuz celebs never reply to ppl who says hi...i wonder y...i hope its cuz there busy... 
I miss duck hunt  Im gonna come over and you're going to let me play, k thanks. @chasepino
Im so frustrated! I cant sleep &amp; i have 2 be up in a couple hrs &amp; theres nothin good on tv 
Haha Im in work with a cold which usually makes the day drag by 
@PrinceMarkieDee  Im afraid of bananas no joke.. 
I have not had ONE comment since I made this account  Im feeling very sad right now 
Im super lost and super drunk, driving in eugene. Yay. 
Im doing my homework... 
Horrible day...ma hard disk crashd  ... data can't be retrievd... Im screwd... wrk as well as personal data...  
really dont know what Im at today, all over the place messing things up, head just not with it 
I think Im coming down with a cold... during my 3day weekend 
Morning! Im hella worried about my best friend steven  i hope his not in any kinda of trouble 
Im tired of waking up every day at 3 pm.... I think I need to get a job!! 
Im staying home sick for the first time this school year.... 
@chyeahitsalicia I miss u to. Im good i was in a filmclip n met the guys from the band. I havent been on ff at all this week  what u up 2?
Im sad the bad weather here in fl broke my cherry tomatoe plant 
@trinarockstarr Im so jealousy, my friends and I were suppose to be THERE...next year 
Im gone miss my bust it babies thats graduating this year.  Awwww man. Lol.
Our computers aren't working and i can't spark note huck fin. Omgee Im going to bomb my english test. 
Im gonna miss all the seniors 
@sh0wtim3 Im good and bored also, none of my friends are here  oh well ill just have to find new ones 
My comp at work is shot... Im upset 
Im angry! and i dont know how to tell the person im angry @ that i am. they have no clue... grrrrrrr 
@pathfindersar You are so welcome, anything I can do to help! I will do the sock thing. Im so paranoid about that, i confess.  
Fehk, work is slow.Im bored as shit playing music! How sad  come entertain me.
Im trying to figure out how to put a picture up on there! its just not working  !
@luvsiveladyluv Im really sad..I had a really BAD day..my eyes are swollen and I don't think @PrinceSammie is every goin to tweet me back 
Im nit looking forward to tomorrow 
Im bummed cuz josh might not make it thursday 
Serious sleep deprivation going on.  Im into my 2 week of little to no sleep.  As someone who plays with fire... this is bad news. 
Im so tired half yearly exams next week 
@Chardivalicious ...really?  I dont wanna do that...Im just a little bit peeved that's all :/
Heading home soon. So sad. Im going to miss my best friend 
Sleeping from 8pm monday to 130 pm tuesday wasnt a good idea. Im ill and tired as fuqq, but cant fall asleeep. Fml 
@DanielFielding aww.. thats bad..  I dont have a headache but Im like in a zombie mode xD haha
Im hoping my babies feel better 1 has fever 1 has a sore throat 
Im a poor guy that dont how to play in facebook...  ....huhuhuhuhu.... 
Im in love... But he's only 17 he cant b on the show   ((
Im having a pity party......  , invite only. 
Im feeling exhausted after my uncles memorial today! i have not cried so much in a long time 
I swear Im a magnet for the wrong fucken element. 
Really thinkin Im gonna buy another hookah....shoulda never got rid of my first one 
Im gonna make a quick @selenagomez vid that she probably wont see 
Im a lil bored...... I feel bad im gettin spoilt 4 my b-day, presents r cool but i feel spoilt 
Im sitting on stevens backyard swing.. By myself 
Im getting frustrated. I need to get to sleep but i cant find my cat anywhere outside 
Im watchin the never ending story, a classic 80's flick. I remember it being better when I was yunger tho......   
@aa1queen thnx!!! yeah its kinda boring and Im tired 
Im not joking...i have no ride to the airport! 
anybody have a suggestion other than medication and counting stupid sheep to help me fall asleep? Im desperate and soo tired! 
supposed to be great weather today &amp; 2moro; just my luck Im stuck in work 1-10 both days! 
@Sarahies this week has dragged a bit for me too  have an essay to write about the seaside then Im seeing eddie izzard tonight x
 is school over yet? Im ready for vacations already
Im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will 
Im starting to rethink my &quot;I cant stand cold places&quot; stance..this heat, humidity is unbearable &amp; i cant stand the ac no more  #meltingaway
@RyanSeacrest Im feeling sad, not likeing my new haircut 
My ipod has taken it's last breath... Im truly devastated. I have lost my public transportation companion 
Im craving some cinnamon toast crunch. Why is it so cold today!! 
@mdfogarty Im so very sad that i am at work today and cant win tickets 
Now Im in the work  , I miss my home, any news?
@DinerokidMayo Im upset cuz now everyone agrees 
Im here at work super bored 
@marianalizbeth yayy!!! Im gonna see you today! I miss you! 
Im feeling so nostalgic. Im sad. But happy. I don't now how to feel. It's over, but not at the same time. It just feels over.  i love you.
my followers went from 22 to 20  i'd follow you back but i cant do anything till i get interwebnet! I want more followers. Im interesting!
Im downloading manually the oooiifull.mp4 movie by @leebrimelow as it seems the only way to see it fully 
Im sad...there's a for sale sign in front of my house!! 
@Jazziy showed my fluid decreasing slightly so doesnt look like Im getting out of this bed anytime soon  Ive got a follow up U/S next week
Haha i bet a man did make heels! Im sorry you hurt though.  I hope you feel better!  ~Livelovesing~
Im so bored well this is a crappy first day out of school 
egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work  HANGOVERS SUCKKKKKK Im a drunk mess!
Im a bad blogger!! I have not blogged in weeks~ oops! 
@SapphireElia If its sunny go to the beach! Im stuck at home doing essays when its 20 degrees 
Im @ the dentist  ....scary people here...  
Alexxx Im gona miss you today. Im so sad, noooooooo 
@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancer ...
@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancerfree
@damohopo but thats 7 weeks away  Im sure we got by only tweeting at night before?
Im so done with this cold. I really wanna go out tonight, but i really dont feel like it. 
Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game! 
@Applecored its like a little adventure, only Im kinda worried about her, and I cant take the bus to where she is cos my oyster is broken 
@AnnieSenior what are u talking about??? since when dnt u trust me? this hurts... Im a good secret keeper 
Im heading home. gotta work sunday. 
@dunnybrasco Im home, phone died thou 
Im mad cuz i cant get any picture to work. 
Im home where i am about 2 drink alone. 
Im glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! I failed  i got 70% 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
My head hurts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever.. Im super grossed out!!!! 
Im soooooooo damn hungry!! wat 2 eat?? 
Its summer and no one has texted/called me. Im a loner 
I need a bear hug  and Im going to camp today!! 
There was no traffic at all on my way home and all traffic lights were green.Im afraidIowe karma a big check 
@VioletMonroe I wish I had gas to get to you  but Im poor as fuck right now,
Im bored with being sick  another night in house.
Im going to my cousins graduation and my moms  perfume is sufficating  
@mileycyrus Im not in my town now  so i can feel a little bit how does it feel, but i think your feeling it everyday must be so sad
@AbiAjmehar Im looking for more ppl too...most of the ppl i follow aren't on as much.. 
Im so bored  right now    Im listening to adam lamberts a change is gonna come ...love that man
Im sad!!!!  im leaving my 6xth grader friends!!! 
I hear ya. Im buggin so bad rite now 
and I cheated and drank some pepsi  but today Im spoiling me and my man tomrrow back to water and I need to work off all this pizza haha
@brunoleandrooo Im hanging with my mum and my sister 
@jnoe Aww, Im sry  The last time I felt feverish I ended up having the flu for a whole week! I hope you feel better soon!!!
damn iit! I can't believe I left my book at work; Im almost done with it &amp; I wanted to finish it so I could get the last book this wknd  
Im having extreme trent withdrawls 
Im worried about venus cuz she started limping again. 
Im going to sleep. Its 11, and my stomach isnt as painful anymore. I think it might be my appendix. 
Im worried about venus cuz she started limping again. 
@faithiiex3 I feel like you hate me.  Is it something @amberkissesx3 told you? I need your msn, so we can talk!  Im scared you hate me.
Im not really getting this twitter thing..  Whats the big deal?
Thats 70's show. Im not a boy 
@nicolelmcc tell me how it is! Im stuck in home staging land...blaaaah. 
@I_Support_DemiL I am sorry. I am going against my own word when I said love everyone. Thats what we were made of. Im sorry 
Im kind of sad my birthday is over and @therealpickler didnt wish me happy birthday 
Man. Im gonna miss cruz so much! 
@batman20110 hmm I text u today and no reply  Im starting to feel unloved
I've just entertained a private party and now straight back to the hospital 2 b w/ my sister. Im still dressed up 
@trent_reznor aww im happy for you sweets.. Im jealous.. wish i was in the same place 
@JamesDeen its 11pm on a friday on my bday weekend. Im going to bed. 
according to the quiz on facebook Im depressed  def true now I wish I knew what to fucking do.
@BrianNippon it was with dawn  Im sorry. I didn't even know I was going until we were walking out the door.
@alexpardee oh shit! Really? Im in san fran for the weekend i wanna go! I think i have to go to alcatraz instead. Not kidding 
@1capplegate Im going to miss the show so much 
My husband helps her out with his truck while I am looking after the kids. Im so sad  about her to leave, I could cry.
@ttaasshhaa I feel your pain. im so sick of this house! Im so bored too 
Im tipping back on a computer chair... I hope i dont fall and hit my head on the coffie table behind me 
It's a gorgeous day outside and Im stuck in revising 
Im really bored revising  cant wait for it to be over
Im not a tweetaholic!  i just choose to let people know what im doing a lot
Im so tired. I finished most of my homework. i couldnt work on my gourd today  tommorrow ill be doing red shield appeal with memoo~~~
Im goin to have to go... i will be in and out all day... but tweet propperly tonight... bye  xxx
Im gunna tell my friends about twitter so they will sign up for it 2 , cos i only hav one friend  i think they will like it .... x
Today is the big day!!!! On the way to the airport. went out last night. Im so sleep 
Im such a sucker for color - - wanting to dye my hair again dnt know what color tho 
someone come and be online please! Im really bored. 
is coming home today. I cried like a crazy person last night! Im going to miss everyone so much.  But I am looking forward to seeing a ...
Im in my sisters room now i want to go out the back with my grandperents but flys keep on attacking me! 
Im seriously fed up of studying, when the weathers gorgeous!  better than being at work though haha
Im up early and i have a headache  lifes hard like donkeys &amp; tomatoes!
Im stressed...my future husband (manny) wont talk to me  working all day, hopefully i make money
10:53 woke up  Im such a bum 
Im so upset that I don't have any pictures of tim and I from semi 
@fl0rek at leasr u can chrge urs. Im down to 1 outa 3 bars on my phone. 
Im so depressed  everyone is out and having fun
Im leaving noonish 
Im brd so im finkin bout stuff n she came up,  now all i can fink bout is wt shes dun 2 reck my life n once confrontd bout it slappd me 
r.i.p robert now ravin in hardcore heaven  Im in shock!will always remember the times u mced 4 me,glad we got to share some happy moments
making coffee! then, a little bit of work and then... shopping!!!!!!!!!!!!!  should I cut my hair??  Im thinking about it... it's a mess 
Awww. Im gonna miss all the seniors &amp; people that are leavinggg. 
Im on my way!!....2 nowhere...    Y shit so lame out here?
Im having a mind fart...... all confused, dont like it.............. 
my best friend graduated from high school today.  Im gonna miss her
$400 to fix my car... trying to figure out where Im gonna cut it from. Its been 6mos I guess I could go back to work I just dont wanna 
Im sittin @ home bout 2 take a swim. &amp; hopin that will help take away this hangover. 
@tommcfly will be very funny this program but im not in brazil  uhhuuh Im a loser T-T aaaaaah i will cry i miss my family,mcfly n brazil
@tommcfly will be very funny this program but im not in brazil  uhhuuh Im a loser T-T aaaaaah i will CRY i miss my family,mcfly n brazil
I guess Im getting hacked into on twitter now too. I didn't make that last update about &quot;best video&quot; 
Just found out that we have to give away our puppy to people who can take care of it. Im okay but my sister is not. 
.-. Ugh. Im sleepy. And and and... I miss my girl 
Im sad. D: school is almost over. I dont have a thing to do this summer.  and this last week isnt even fun.
Rainning day, nothing to do, Im bored 
@16_MileyCyrus Im not.i've been trying to talk to ppl.but no ones saying anything. 
Im tired... I havent been off work in some time 
Im gonna look like crap friday  oh well
5 dances down and 1 to go. Im hanging by a thread. I picked the wrong day to get sick. 
ok I take that bak Im burnt on the top of my legs  and it hurts  lol
Watching A&amp;E's new show about ocd. I love it so far! Im so sad for these people i want to help them feel better! 
Im on da toilet, taking a massive $hit it smells like death, i thing sumthin crawld up me and dies 
@beast476 I'm not bad at u, ur just online when Im not, sowwie 
Its the worst thing when your not at home in your own bed! Im at my uncles and cant sleep, i hate it! 
Im puking the fucking regean and it hurts to beathe but these fuckers wont let me go home. 
@greenbean55 Im a god in trainin... I too young to have all power 
Im so frustrated with this theatre and the employees! Why doesnt anyone use common sense? Its like swimming against the current 
gossip girl needs to come back! Im so lonely without it 
Im lost driving home from my cousins birthday party and she wont answer her phone i feel like crying 
Im just waiting for this horrible storm to end.  yikes.
Im having issues with twitter today. 
gettin some ice cream and going home to watch movies! Im so old 
@Chelseakins awww thank you. Im gonna need it with all this shit talking coming my way.  &lt;3 you
Im not ignoring ya'll, im having tech. difficulties right now 
bored as, sick of diddys 10 million updates everyday. Im thinking i should stop following him...omg so bored..... 
I think Im gonna call it a night...theres nothing going on here 
Im sad I has no cuddlez wif muh squishie. And a lil headache. 
So this is the first weekend in 5 weeks i havnt been with kessi. Im sad. 
I hate working over weekend. Im so tired... I finish at 6:00am but the first train doesn't come until 7:07... 
Only 4 beers and Im doing the stanky leg. 
@mileycyrus Im so sorry u miss your brother  ive always wanted to go to japan! i love you miley youre my rolemodel! keep making great work
I just got in a fight with her...again. Im in pain. 
@StaceyWoodward will all respect I dont know hunni Im not an apple user 
@FUCKCITY glad you feel young Im 3 years younger than you, I'll turn 26 this summer and feel old 
Im tired of so and so telling me they wont go see a movie with me because their so and so wants to see it too. I want my so and so back. 
@rosatifanda Im feeling okay.. just a lil bit fuzzy.. 
Guess what ! Im gonna study today. Its not fun any more 
Oiy ve. Im going to go to bed. I hope we can figure something out tomorrow 
@lovebscott Im awake!! Im wondering why people thrive on negativity...care to answer that? Its so sad 
Im gettin redy for the funeral...  i hate my scout uniform
@NanaRaine LOL no nothings going that way Im just bringing everything back up since last night 
My mum has come home to find the kitchen in utter MESS. Im screwed and i killed her strawberry plant 
Im getting ready to spend the day in bed i feel flu'ish 
@gavlp haha no Im not,working next sunday  And bon appetite ;)
Im wishing we didnt have to go bk to school tomorroww, Its to hott!!  .
Im awake!! Last day of the school holidays   x
Im annoyed that I slept through the hotel's fried breakfast dispite my sisters best efforts to wake me  Ah well, beach &lt;3
Im doing homework 
@MrsNewlywed Im sorry to hear you're still not feeling well. The side effects sound awful 
@shanedawson just wondering how come u have no dad I thought i knew everything bout u Im a lousy fan  i thought i knew everything..
@emmax__ aww  Im actually terrified lol mine start on wednesday xx
Im in a weird, sad/tired kinda mood 
Im bored; anyone on server blizzard on cp? I am... abominable full 
I really dont want to go to college tomorrow.  Im scared.
@LorenYxox Haha im straightening my hair ryt this second (: haha. Owh id hate 2 have colege 2morow!  haha. and Im going to malibu tonight
I think Im gonna lay out in the sun a bit then go workout then homework time. 
@shaunaaa yeah Im thinking number 8 as that dude said. 
Im eating my feelings.  its so hard without him. 3000 miles is too far
@MrPeteyWheat darlinnn raincheck pls. Im upstate this weekend 
@ebonylovemusic Where have you been all my life sis????  Im tired of only getting to see you during these girls club events
@BeShayBe Im gonna give ubertwitter a try b/c i nvr knw when i get tweets 
Im chiilin for minute then its off to work..Borders here I come 
@mmitchelldaviss  heyy. You basically just made my day better. Im hundreds of miles away from my fiance on our anniv 
Im freaking out about my chemistry exam i feel like i dont no anything 
Im burnt n sore  wanna go out too!
Im not looking forward to school tomorrow. 
@dlmhippy Im doing nothing  lol
Im sooo sad right now!!I didnt do what I was suppose to do today, and most importantly I lost my phone   
Im tired of acting like it doesnt bother me and im also beginning to question my friends &quot;actions&quot;. i wish i had someone to talk to. 
Im crying because im missing hannah and my clock isnt helping me! 
Im at the closing night of my play...soo fun but sad 
Just found out that a friend earns a salary of 1.4K by just plain &quot;typing&quot;. Im jealousssss. 
.... doing homework  For all the hard work Im putting in, I better get that scholarship!
Im trying to post kitty pics in the teen forum, but it wont let meeeeeee. 
im at Kristens and were packing her stuff. Im getting really sad 
Im in the mood to make a vlog and mention everyone that got hacked, but I promised to film kung-fu master  il make it soon though!!
I feel sick, my throat hurts and Im all by myself  times like this its when I miss sugar in my life
 i cant see anything!!!!!! Im from spain and i cant see it!!! It isnt fair!
Im sooo burnt... I fell asleep in the pool with gary An dawn, OUCHIE  but had kick ass time
Im feeel sick =S my head hurts me 
Im sad i dont get to see the new moon trailor until tomorrow night, being from the uk can be a bad thing 
Looking for four leaf clovers in my aunts front yard... Gahh someone save me! Im bored! 
Im cleaning the whole house Jixy   lol
Im so glad my ship and pro invite me out 
Im not having fun at all today  w
@LiesaRivera i dont ge to. Im at work and wont get to see any of it.  ill have to find the preview online sometime....
@clubjuicy dammit! I told her to send it  Im sorry man... I'm excited to see it, send it my way...
@rachelyn082909 Im so sorry to hear that.  sendin hugs &amp; prayers your way.
i took the dogs over to my parents today &amp; kaya fell in the spa. Im getting worried her time is almost up. She's 14 now 
@tecasse omg i know  i wonder what i got on the midterm? Im praying i didnt get anything lower than a C.
 couples in public, slow love songs...  Im soo lonely 
GOOOOOODDDDDD FOORRRRRR YOUUUUU. Im probably pissing many people off with my tweets. sorry. 
Im scared  dont drag me to hell
@purplefae well you pick a day k? Im free 24/7 hehe. No luck on the mickey ears 
Im doing nothing... 
@iRogue Im ok...  still sick   Whats on 60mins?
Im in the car, going to grandma and grandpa xd though its like 1,5 hour before we are there 
Im more red than tanned  but sitting outside all day again today  driving lesson in a couple of hours, cant be botherd  byeee xx
@LuciMahon Im ok. But sadly back at school...  you?
About to braid my bestie hair so that she can go on vacation....Im going to miss her!! 
Im at the camping from my grandparents xd, enjoying the sun and the horse, i miss my horse 
need 2 find my happy place. Im so sad right now  
@singss wow babe...cannot man. Im not as brave as you.but im starting to think that my ears are too bare with only one piercing  so lousy
@damian_collins looks lovely! Im sat in an office booo 
Im gonna miss desperate housewives, what am I gonna doooo 
Im beginning to hate my awesome sched  beginning to loose touch with people garh. Sims3 is keeping me sane though.
Ugh! Im so mad! I miss the mtv awards last night! 
@kenjurina ok i didnt go to the gym. swimming tonight tho! Im not in seattle... the wpn crew is 
WOW 4am and Im still up, got alot on my mind 
Im worried about my 12 yr old daughter who has thown up only 1x per night the past 2 nights? Isn't that odd? 
I am getting kind of bored working out. Im not getting results but im sure its my diet 
Im at work on a beautiful day like today 
Im 20 2day  i can feel the wrinkles cumin 4 me!
@moooimkatie nope. Im dead serious 
Im already burning up. I think my 10 hour day is gonna suck 
I can tell that today is going to be a bad day. Im already in a crap ass mood 
Im rockin the 'I wouldn't have woke up today but I have to take care of neophytes' look 
@vestybaby yeah it does and Im mad I didnt see this til now! 
OUCHHHHH! Im sooo burnt from the lake yesterday! 
Fucking shampoo in my eye burnssssss. Im such a newb 
@smudge372 Im afraid you will have to try and win me over as im very upset you cant tell me your secret!  xx
Has shifted so many books onto the new table, she is in dire need of a bath! Im soooo hot 
@lucylemon its understandable your down about it you want everything sorted asapxx it'll happen soonxx Im still feeling a bit iffy 
@chelcruzan I feel ya..Im so tired and no nap for me cause I start school tonight, ugh 
Im waiting for husband to come home so i can go shopping. I hope he dosent rush - im not looking forward to fighting my way round tesco 
Im not in the best mood  i wish people would just not talk right now
Im done clearing out and now my mom wants me to get a job 
Im finally at the gift shop!  but its closed 
Im in class i dont feel good at all  and i have to write an essay later
@feblub Whats with everyone saying Im insulting today!?  @Rawrrgasmic says so too!  
@SANCHEZJAMIE at least you get to go eat. Im stuck in class not doing shit!  i think i might be going there maybe around the 19th or 20th!
@kingivn Im doing good just dealing with allergies cuz of the damn pollen 
How about Im kinda sad today, thinking about the past, and I shouldn't be 
@adarlenys Im doing good just dealing with the allergies once again ughh  U? hows everything?
Im in my roaming office and the copilot seat is empty 
@LoveBuzz0 nope  booo! Im contemplatin moving to london and not coming back, get a job down there and shizz x x
says Im beginning to dislike playing... i find it boring already!!!!!!  http://plurk.com/p/xplt7
on my way to a funeral for one of my best friends  Im so sad hope I make it through this day
2 1/2 more hours and Im still no smarter. 
Its such a nice day out but Im stuck working inside! 
Im sittiing in baghdad wondering why am i here? i know its only 5 wks but its in the middle of nowhere and i cant even shop... 
Im kinda nervous for this orientation 
omg...Im so upset. I must be a shitty person or something. 
Im bored and none to hang out with this day sucks,i guess is the same old routine a walk by the park alone 
Im starving! I seriously cant go 3 hours without eating. Wtf is wrong with me?! 
Im so bored!  But muy little man just woke up so my day should brighten up! He just came in to sit with me yah
Goshhh this beautiful sunny day made me so tired! Im gonna sleep because i have to wake up very early ..  goodnight and sleep tight
Im so sick of cancer taking away people that I love. I refuse to loose three people in less than a year. 
Im freezing... stupid shitty weather 
@LifeMusicDANCE  I know da feeln, I cant say on here but Im on something here about u know wat!...*they* juz fkd up 42mins ago now I know
Im at work... It is not the weekend anymore 
@brandywine_2006 That`s sad  Im sorry about your dog dearie
Waiting for my ipod to charge then Im bumping tunage and studing for finals 
@allieisanangel Im sry but it looks like you are going to have the same problem that I have 
@MissKitty1923 Im in bed right now, had to lay down after feeding kids. Im hurting quite a bit.  
@rhiZEE im a master at guitar hero, no joke. Im a freak says emily 
Boarding the plane to come back to the heat of arizona. Im not ready to say goodbye to cali... Or my best friend 
the 500 is off for me! Im sick as a dog!!!! 
@LampshadeJungle Im sorry to hear that. *hugs* I know that doesn't help though.. 
Im soooooo sun burnt its shocking im in agony! 
@abacab1975 your bloody app just shut down all my open internet connections if you don't say it in 140 characters Im not going to read it 
I told my mom today Im buying more tickets wednesday and she told me it's a waste of money   
@iamjonathancook awwh. Im gonn miss blackberry bold. 
@gigideluxe seriously??? that makes me sad  I wanted to order some of her stuff but Im not going to now!
Im having frozen healthy choice meal n cherries 4 dinner 
@LolaAM yea don't think Im gonna watch the hills anymore   It won't be the same 
His phone is still not on; he didnt even respond to my email... Im sad 
Im at a point in life where everything seems unreachable and nothing seems worthwhile. 
Im starting to think someone kidnapped my girlfriend....I cant find her anywhere. 
Im getting scared with math's teacher 
Im watching john and kate plus 8  its sad i want them to be together again
@aidalusion You got my rain?? .. Not fair..  .. Im actually sitting in front of a fan.. thats how hot I am.. i like sun but..in moderation
Im dead tired, but im having trouble falling asleep 
Im sad that I dont have a phone at the moment! 
Im a failure at everything 
@YoungQ Im recovering tonite hun so no chatting for me 
(continue) 2 @amberkissesx3 @faithiiex3 I even lost confidence on making videos because Im not friends with them.  I just want you guys!
@sandiemc4 How come Im following you but never see your updates 
Im gonna call it a night..  
I have to go to work at 5 pm tomorrow. Im sooo tired 
Im sleepy. I finished the house of nights part 4. What will I read tomorrow on the train 
WTF Im sitting here watching the food network channel now I'm fucking starving 
@AlissaDoan Im starving  I already brushed my teeth though.
Im starving  I just want a &quot;domenico roll&quot; From Yokomo sushi to go...but is too late, or not O.O?
Im having weight issues  im upset and scared. [AyshiakiAyana]
Not like id be sleeping or anything right now, but screw hw. Im exhausted from school 
Lol. Omgsh. Im so sorry!!!!! That was a twitch move... 
Im so mad that I havent had a picture all day  FORREAL
I have to make a desicion that will affect my life for a couple of years.....Im not sure what to do 
Deffo going to start going to starbucks more. Im drama atm with @beecccaaa i havn't learnt my script  oops.
Im so tired but cant fall asleep!  so retarted!
Im really sad cuz i stepped on a ketchup packet and it exploded all over my bedroom carpet 
Im spending another boring day at college. Its too sunny and  warm to sit in here I want to hit the beach.  x
Im not feeling the love today 
@RawbertM yeah i know the feeling, Im pretty gutted i need to wait another year to do it again  atleast we have nabs to look forward to :|
Im sitting in my form eating lunch reading  twilight on my own like a loser 
Im crying, bcos Im listening to this song &amp; its sooo sad that the singer herself cant sing 
Im still sick and i have to go to school and work.  today is going to be no fun
Looks like Im going to need an umbrella today 
Not liking the tablets Im on from today for my hips. They make me feel sick 
Oh my god i just saw the cutest tiniest baby possum ever in the middle of a busy road. Im so worried about it! 
whatthedeuce! Im so not in the mood to write reflection papers! 
@DanySpike Im sorry for booting you during the chat the other night 
Taking my stepsister and her gaughters to the airport today..  Im gonna miss them quite terribly.
Im all alone in bio today 
I need to find 200kr !!!! or else I won't be able to get sims 3!!!!!!!  my new phone never comes. Im sick, i think and its prom tmrw 
Im home, i think ive sprained my left hand middle finger 
Im so tired. I dont wanna go to work  ugh guess i should go now.
@chibadgirl thats good mama. Im glad you had fun. Things are just not goin well my way  
Im soooo tired attempting to learn names and dates really takes it out of you!! Couldn't quite finish adolescence 
Im tired of the 9 to 5 bull shit 
is feeling a little sick  almost like Im sea-sick.... except im not by the sea. *bleh*
@britt_mxgirl haha Thanks! Im starting at first playing w/ varsity players! take it youre not feeling better. 
I have a headache  too much sun me thinks..  had a rounders match after school, we won 20-12   Im getting... http://tinyurl.com/qcsj7g
So a friend called me really happy to tell me about his brand new laptop.. so I burned down his videocard.. Im the reincarnation of evil 
Im feeling soo depressed, nooo awesome concerts ever happen here 
I am never ever sticking a buncha strawberries and blueberries up my butt on cam ever again.. Im still paying 4 it today 
its nice to know that my imaginary family is turning real, except Im not part of it 
Im going to cry. I just found out i cant go to hey menday.  why does the stupid france bbq have to be that day? 
I'm sad. Im sad because something in the near future is going to happen and I can't experience it first. 
Im memorizing my speech for english public speaking... 
I cant believe Im missing @hillsongunited tomorrow!   so bummed!!
@MykeMyke Im the same way.That's why I hate that sometimes I don't fall asleep before the sun rises. 
Im wearing two pairs of matching socks 
i have a fire engine, I dont have a fire engine, I have a fire engine, i dont have a fire engine...Im confused now.  
Im going to beat these damn raccoons up! They want my kitties for a midnight snack 
Im tired.  I have to try to get a job at shoprite tomarrow! 
took a nap... now Im too lazy to study for the bio test 
Im missing my haley something fierce. 
Im getting a headache 
@m8m1adym307 SHIT!! i was hoping that you wouldnt find that out... Im sorry.. it wasnt you... it was sum1 else and i wrong bout them too 
@ELCamilleDub Im sorry pumpkin  ...xoxoxo hope that gets you through *from me* til I see you agaaiiinnn...
@mzjennz thats right. However, Im eating some right now. I feel fine.....so far. 
I swear im going to cut 4 inches off of my hair tonight. Im so sick of it. And my mom wouldnt do it for me. 
Im off for a couple of days. 
Why am I having so much trouble sleeping!?!? I hope @sophiegrus and @CharMund are comming over tomorrow 4 a girls night. Im miss you guys 
@PixieElla Im sorry I didnt say much in that guys room pixie 
Im not following head or tail of how this thing works !! 
@MISSMONMON Im a cheater???  smh dont i get a fair trial?
Wish me luck in my history people! Im really gonna need it  x
just finished watching HIJNTIY. I know, Im so outdated like that!  my fav scene gotta be when ben affleck proposed. thats all. not bad la.
@hobbinator Im not a foster thru a group, so no. I just get who I find! &amp; my main rescue I'd join is struggling so not taking new cats 
@sarah_connor Im so sorry that there will be no more episodes  I really liked the show and i want to see an ending! I still hope
Im at home because im ill 
Im so fed up with the cold iv nearly lost my voice  I actually cant wait for saturday i may fall in love haha! &lt;3
Im @ work now, thats okay cause the sun isnt shinning anymore  I hope for the weekend it will be very sunny LOL
720 pages....Im disappointed in myself.  720 page book was suppose to last at least 3 days....it made it 1 night.  
Surviving on 3 hours sleep, hubbys birthday today, he is at work till 1800 and Im working 1800-0300. It totally sucks 
Where has the sun gone? Im in t shirt and feeling chilly 
@BlokesLib Im great thanks even better now i got my pic back on here it dissappeared  but now its back!x
awake far too early, cuz Im sick  *sniffles and coughs*
Im getting a haircut soon....still haven't decided what to get done  help?
Last day. Im on my way to school and im already sad 
 Im never sleeping again. fuck my life.
...uh-oh I think Im getting sick 
@O2 Im with car phone warehouse, so o2 wont provide support 
@vixensfantasy @rkaudio Im gonna miss you guys today.. damn stupid criminals have forced me to go do my civic duty 
Every mtg I attend I become more distant &amp; disappointed w/ the realities Im a part of. I don't know how much more I can stomach 
@xxkassyxx  so if I dont get pit Im getting the best seats I can!! Fuck they might not even offer pit  just hope, I get anxiety over this
this is it. Im making a doctors apointment... I just cant shake this crazy dizzy junk  
Im tired.... last night my feet hurt so much I thought my skin would peel off 
ahhhhh Im gna die!!!! @mileycyrus mail ain't com thru LOL  waaaa. xx
@SkloosyJuice .....................sorry  looool Im wearing a smiley face!
Im a bit disappointed that there was no filming after college today  But atleast i got to home  early.
Im a bit disappointed that there was no filming after college today  But atleast i got to go home early.
Oh boy i love hanging out with old people i dont know. Im driving so i cant even get inapproiately wasted. 
@MitchyMitch LOL....I heard. Im jealous  maybe next week I can bring my swag board too.
Im kinda bummed that there is no honda civic tour this year 
really wants to go home to her family now!!! Im just a little homesick 
Here in my house with nothing to do Im suposed to be in school but im sick, I want to go to school I miss my girls 
Im jealous that my beautiful daughter can go to work with her dad and not me 
Im disappointed. @bobbymitchum looks nothing like a 14/f. 
just woke up with cats everywhere. and now I am having an allergic reaction. Im allergic to cats that love me 
Is so tired today  Im ready to go home and take a nice long nap!!!!!!
........... Im not gonna be on this 2night... going to granny's to revise, no internet watsoever!  Its gonna be hard 
My stomach is grumbling.  Im soooo hungry, I havent eaten anything all day 
Im soooo hungry and lunch is 20 mins away 
Im quite cold atm, and apparently the whole of our streets water supply has been turned off for 2 hours  Bad times
I thought i would be so happy to leave high school. But its just starting to hit me. Im gonna be so sad! 
Im so stuck, I need to sing a song for my concert, my one i wont is the climb but girls have sung it, so now im stuck and need help .   
@Aftashok LOL lucky you! Im at work! 
@CaliforniaGem Im well. The fam is out visiting rite now which is nice, but theyre finna leave  Im living tho! workin on www.38thNotes.com
wish i had my hat. Im sad 
Im not in the mood to go skateboarding right now the weather is so bad  stupid weather !!!!
I dont understand how come I can spent so much in a short time. No shopping have been done yet and Im gg to be broke again soon  Saddd!
Im still sick of watching movies where they fall in love at the end, but it seems that those are the only ones i pick 
 Im gonna miss those kiddy winks *sigh*
Im going to get x-rays done on my foot 
Waiting for my mcdonalds delivery. Im starving 
@girl_from_oz  I LOVE them! Im like some obsessed fan haha!
          .. Omgaga. Im sooo  im gunna CRy. I've been at this dentist since 11.. I was suposed 2 just get a crown put on (30mins)...
Im new on here so hiya! im off for this power walk in the rain  dedication lol xxx
Im tryin to get dun for the ladies retreat today n im running sooo late 
I'll be very angry&amp;sad when the servers go live!  Im hating peoples selling their #aion betakeys - i wanna have one without paying money! 
@OtaliaRocks I do but at the moment im trying to do something &quot;super special&quot; for you! and Im all confused 
@ImbaScotty some people have all the luck lol Im on placement there  sucks!
The weather outside is amazing and Im stuck inside an office til 5. 
This is either severe pms, or im truly a bipolar biatch. Im in a pretty crappy mood and being treated like im stupid doesnt help 
Im the only single person in the room 
@jonaskevin Im gonna miss the contest because I'll be at my sister's graduation 
How is everybody? Im sick 
@artfulc Im thinking about ordering one as we speak....but i love my bb 
@britt_mxgirl well, i guess that would suck. Im trying to get my talkin in cause when i get back, we wont be able to talk. 
Im worried @jakeyboy26 aint be on today dude are u ok  x
@SEXONWHEELS Since about 4 i've been feelking nervous, anxious, and got the shakes. For NO reason at all  Im in a good mood otherwise!xxx
Im missing my girlfriend terribly 
Im just watching mythbusters make diamonds then i have to study for exams 
Someone told me its useless for me to be on twitter since people mostly follow/tweet celebrities. Is that true? Im I all alone out here? 
Ugh. My back is killing me. And i keep getting dizzy. I think Im getting sick again 
Im missing all the fuckery on twitter 
Im still lookin for someone to accompany me to the chicago blues fest nxt sunday nite.  #chicagobluesfestival
Im sad cuz i have nuthin to wear in my hair  my parents r mean....ima b cleaning ALL nite  i hate this.
Wishing that I still had my job, Im feeling alittle sorry 4 myself 
I guess Im not destined to tweet. school year starts on monday. 
@modamouth I know right   I cant even go out side especially in this rain. Im ready to pull my ice chest on wheels back out!
Im starving...lol so not wanting show food 
Im drowning in depresstion! idk how i'll recovery frm this, 2 much failure! 
Im not gonna get to see the dodgers play tonight  cant risk the vocals with this crazy weather. it rained today and its too breezy.
Im so bored. I have no money, no gas, no nothing 
My dog is sick  he has to go to the vet. tomorrow. Im really worried about him 
OK im going to sleep now.. for real. Im so shackered  night twits
@issie07 omg I'm finally seeing all the stuff you sent me ! I just figured it out Im sorry I never replied  i'm really slow :p
Im soooo sad! mileys not going to toronto for her fall tour....im gonna cry all night 
@flyingbolt oh I am sure it is..  Im just not used to it all.. I grew up in the middle of no where
@fatherdowling Im sooooo angry both brothers didnt make it in, I was so pulling for them too. 
Is straighting hair. Im depressd cuz i hav 2 return the house dvd bak 2 shop! 
@esmeacullen @ccullenmd Im goin to miss the show  I cant access those accounts from my phone
Im not a spanish n00b  http://tumblr.com/x261yp4cz
Im totally ready to kill my chemistry... its going to be hard to pretend to be happy at bday dinner tonight 
@crystalchappell Im stuck spending my night serving other people drinks. 
My friend missy is glaring @ me right now 4 joking w/ her about this stupid thing earlier. Im so dead 
Just got off of work and Im kind of bored 
http://twitpic.com/6pvsc - Im sorry kristin for biting your toe  i learned my lesson...
Im sick   w/ bronchitus it sucks a lot especially cause its friday night 
Im pickin my hubby up from work, n i just heard sumthin moving in my car  *squeals*
Im not sleepy but need to get sleep because of work early tommorrow 
I fell and hit me head on a wall  Im too clumsy!!
@mitchelmusso sorry dude,i dont think i can make it  Im a big fan of u!!I love u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@reactor88 hahaha you can paint with J, Im done killing my eyes for to nite. I think I might need glasses 
Im bored i really wish that i had someone its friday 
@GoTeeBK ooohhh.....bbm those fish tacos. Im starving 
my test is in 8 hours. Im gonna fail miserably  
Im sad that after august 1 i wont get to see aiden 
I shouldnt have went 2 bed so early. Im up and thinkin way 2 much. 
@CaroTheNyx lol i dont  drool you do. Im awake far too early on the weekend 
Im at a taco place. They take forever. 
@ashleytisdale Im sorry to hear about the album leaking  But at least acting out and overrated didnt leak ^.^
@LaurenConrad Im getting one!!!  fancy sending me a signed one, dont think i can make it to america to get one 
@notpatrick hey patrick im a huge fan of your 'casting skils and Im in paris but only for one more day 
I wish i had some coffee. Im sleepy but have some things to do. Ughhhhh. 
Wtf im shrinking or maybe everyone is just getting taller. Im also getting sick 
Im loving this but its a tad boring 
Im mad i missed the free krispy kreme donuts all day yesterday.. 
Im trying 2 recover,too much chocs r bad if dats possible.... 
Im gonna go shopping in a bit!  YAY!!  But terrible weather at the moment 
Hot hot hotttttttttt~~~ And Im not talking abt babes.. How sad 
I woke up at 6 am in the morning and the only reason Im still awake is cuz I couldnt fall back to sleep.....so tired......... 
Im gonna cry my sister just left. But no goodbyes. . . Just see you later 
@nerdz4L wats uncool? Im sorry, i told you i wasnt gonna make it  &lt;3
Where is the damn sun?  Im supposed to go to an outside wedding this afternoon. 
omg its too early for me to be up. grr. Im jealous that everyone else gets to sleep but me. 
Im on my phone lads, cant reply 
good morning. Im up too early on this saturday morning  i have to take a stupid test....so here goes!
@schmanderzz hey girl! Sounds like ur having fun! I just noticed @emmaawatsonn is gone  Im really bummed about it now...
Im doing my homework on life of muslims in britain super boring essay 
Less than 4 days till school ( Im gonna miss you summer 
Im super tired and i did nothing 
@whataboutadam I cant watch your blog tv show tonighttt , i have to go to a barbeque thinggy  Im sorry xxx
@bowwow614 Im chilling listening to music while my boyfriends on his xbox and wont let me play  lol x
Wants to apologize to Sinear and spencer for not inviting them to my place. Im an asshole for forgetting. 
@hypnophil  Im ok ty. Its like back to winter here today 
@ELBfoto I wish I could, but Im working overtime until 1pm. 
Im well bored got bak from me broz bday party 8 screming 8 year old boys whoopee 
Hanging out in downtown charleston right now. Im trying to find the parking meter by myslef... I love this place, but its too hot 
howdy every one i luv ya Im really bored and my phone won't ring 
Im planning on entering a pagaent but i dont know what my talent is 
Im not a happy camper today 
I honsetly have no idea what time it is.  but Im going back to sleep reguardless.
Im gettn ready 2 g2 wack ass wrk 
Im supposed to work out n stretch n such to help with my cramps, but i dont feel like moving cuz it hurts so bad. 
Im sick with a darn fever. I feel horrible 
Im trying go get people to join twitter. Not going too well. 
So faaattt! Im gonna go lose weight now. 
Working on nightshift  preparing best mans speech for my brothers wedding. Im so nervous. But have been for 2 years!! 
and now Im sad cause I dont think my pic is showing up 
Im sort of hungry but cant be bothered to make anything and also J is waiting for his dinner 
Im bored at home and its raining and i really hate rain 
@V_nkotbgirl U being alone just means that u can push ur way up to the front easier... Im trying to look at the positive for u 
Out of downtown charleston, and i just went to visit my old elementary school. Im so burnt! 
@caige I can't belive warped tour have stolen you for the entire summer. Im well upset about it  No good shows in england now
Im bored, sitting waiting for something exciting to happen. No chance of that though!! 
Ive never known anyone to tweet like me  Im all alone in the world!
Im hungry..dnt know what to eat 
Im sick  damn gradnite and lack of rest for waking up early today!
So lazy today. i want an icecream but Im trying to stay away from sugar 
Im sick of having to go see all the movies my mom wants to see especially all these kitle kids ones 
Im all alone on the trampoline. 
Im sitting here and wishing i had money for a coffee  story of my life.
@danyezee u r telling me..but idk wats wrong with me or where to start.Im thinking right now i have the stomach flu for 4 days but idk 
Im upset cause im only 13 and i cant get in to elliot minors gigs 
@rdwillis I kno thats right. Im all ghost in da face. But the sun's already leavn me... 
Im chillin with my friends and their boyfriends/husbands and kids  where's a man for me?
At least you get to go to places like that. Im stuck go minnesota 
@Robviktum Im sorry to hear that. I pray for you and there family 
Im glad only 9 pictures  came out from the weekend. I wish i had my digital cam 
Hey tweets. Im at the docters an the damn doc aint got the air on an its like 110 outside in it feels like 120 in here...why me!! 
I hate being sick my throat hurts and Im starvin 
Ive been packing and moving all day and I am SO beat! I dont know what Im gonna do with all this stuff 
Not liking the thunder and lightening  especially as Im all alone  guess they'll have to cancel the ball- rain and electricity?!?!?
came bac from mii senior trip yesterday!!! but now Im sick 
Hates it when there is nothing to eat and Im starving! 
Im so terribly unhappy...my mom wont stop yelling about my chores 
im like the family kitty, y'nkow? Im always being petted. But if i pee on the rug i get dirty looks and a smack on the head 
@DjBlinkz Im bored  but tired at the same time..whats up?
Im walking back home now....bored 
@sharpiie lmfao shit, i am missing this  and i won't be on all night or possibly tmrw. Im sleeping @ my aunts and no internet.
I love partys!! Going to shower again cuz Im wet 
@Joesay awe im gunna miss true life. Im at the bus stop 
Im pretty sure my hair wont turn out.  oh well time for bed
Late night ginos trip with solo-bro. Im a new york orderer 
Omfg! Im a fucking cat killer!   I swear i didnt mean to hit it! *C-Moonay$
Im stuffed up too...dont know what im allergic to though.  
@colorgrl stpllelling gets really bad at night. see Im not even trying to spell swrong but it keeps happenigns. see? 
Im gonna be all aloooone  u never actually think youd miss a sibling till theyr leaving lol
Im so jealous of my friend she can eat all day and not gain a single pound but with me if i eat a tiny cracker i gain it all 
@aearly  Im sorry.. is the party atleast fun?
Im craving for italian food 
@dmbsredhead mind goes out the window....and Im drunk still have no nerve....red cheeks and bashful ass I have 
Im a blubbering bafoon. I just said bye to my nephew 
DUDE.... i need to do my hair for reals!!!!! ehhhh Im too lazy tho! 
*yawn* Im sleepy and tired but cant go to sleep. 
@Slaus hey now  Im serious its a wrap in my closet right now
Botchin out at a party. Im just too tired to socialize     damn drinkin game got me last night
Im in the rainstorm and im so scared and its hailing and i can't see! lord please help me get home! 
i hate all my homeboys for makin babies n not makin b abysitters 2 go with the babies! Im @ home 2nite 
Im tipsy but I'm pissed I'm not somewhere nice and with substance and energy 
My entire band quit today.    He said: &quot;Im done w the music&quot; and I was not in a position to argue...
It is an cycle  Im happy &amp; ready for bed, then something reminds me of him, I break-down, then I stay-up really late getting myself calm.
Im so sad the day is over  i wish that weddings lasted for one week lol
Im at work and I really really want to go back to my dorm and play some xbox 
@jesssicababesss No, i told my friends but they were to late in getting the tickets..  Im going with my sister
Im still confused about my album situation, dont know what to do  i went to the park before work with my guitar to try and clear my head
Still sick  kinda sucks for walmart... Im the only opener
Im all alone...  wanna go back...x
Im gona miss twitter today 
@davethegreat - Im sorry! All my fault 
@mjnewham lol lucky u with starbucks Im stuck with instant coffee  Im working atm but when I get home Im sortin out a forum for my website
up early, trust worthy, like a nine that bust early!!!! yes Im up! wishong i was goin to summer jam!  let me kno how it is twitterers
damn it I just found out that miley cyrus tickets are on presale for mileyworld which Im not a member of  damn it!!!!!!!
Im tired  i really wanna go sleepy but i cant  plus im with nick on xbl hit us up&lt;3
@kerrylouisexxx well that is unfortunate  Im meant to be making a drrrrrty movie and I wanted u 2 come party afterward to celebrate :p xxx
IDK if I'll get a cell phone  If I get on A honorall im getting one. I think Im gonna be on B honorall (((
Im in work...with the hangover from hell 
Im in work...with the hangover from hell 
Im feeling sick...left work early bc if it. 
cant sleep. Im screwed, again. 
Im bored being the only one on summer holiday kind of sucks 
Im bored and i wanna do something 
@janelle30 Im sorry my pancakes were that bad 
@jessicafaithh yes! Because Im the right age! ....old! 
had an awesome weekend with the luff but think Im getting the flu 
Oh no! Im killing more animals on this roadtrip than rich white girls do for coats. 
@xlaura116x do u hate me? Im sorry  note to slef never say anything when mad
@Missypoo586 Im upset cause de undershippd the pre! i been lookin for one everywhere 3Cities 13Stores 
At the bus station waiting on the bus its not due for another half an hour. Im bored 
watching &quot;Im a celebrity, get me out of here!&quot;   sorry, but speidi is just annoying me to death! 
Is it weird that the second sookie stackhouse book is making me miss chris?  oh and im almost finished! Im so ready for reason 2!!
Still no phone call or email. Im gettin sad. 
@Rocks4Ever but its at 2 days worth now! @darker_artic i know. Im stupidly comfortable now 
Im missing my baby! 
Im sitting @ the house by myself. 
Im feeling very emotional at the mo 
Im gonna fuckin cry so so so much any minute 
My knee hurt Im getting old 22 is gonna kill me  lol
Im wearing jeans and sitting in the sun and my legs just got extremely burnt 
Im off to bed now school tomorrow 
Today in germany: elections of the eurpean parlament and some local politicans. --But Im too young!! 
@Scroobiuspipyo Im ashamed to live in yorkshire &amp; humber . After campaigning against them in the area for the past few weeks 
It is so cold... brrrr....!!! Im freezing  xxx
Im worried about my dog. She isnt well. I hope she will be ok 
@Tyresell Im sowwy  gave em to the first person that asked lol
@tobiimarkII Im not, Im at home tomorrow  sorry
@MzCSanchez you dont spend any time w/me and Im your sister 
just waking up. I thought I could sleep my problems away but nope Im still broke 
@tayyand better thanks! Im on meds tho (N) yes im coming to school tomorrow im soo far behind  ugh!
 Im so weak right now...i thought i had finally found my happy ending...
@DsBabyGirl Im sad again just saw joey's pic of ddub on fork lift and it reminded me of my cousin that just died wed.  wake is 2morrow
I think Im gonna cry .... 
Im fucking screwed. Lyli got grounded and i cant get a dress from her so now i have nothing to wear to graduationg. 
Im almost home... I miss my children. 
I have more shit wrong with me than a 109 year old woman. Im pathetic. 
@Im_X1 oh dang! forgot about the party this afternoon...sorry! 
Im just going to go to bed. I hate this. I cant wait for this day to be over. 
Just got back from the movies with @caseyreinert....and Im not feeling too good right now 
@themrmr Im sorry to be yelling at you...But the game is over 
Ugh my blanket wont dry! Im gonna freeze tonight 
Hey @songzyuuup ... Im not seeing anything   (treysongz live &gt; http://ustre.am/2txz)
@MoNeCoVrGuH LOOL.. Im strange now   lol.. N dats what I do.. Im workin babe... We gotta get up we been saying dat for the longest! lol
@JessicaLMiller I miss u MORE!! Especially since i didnt get 2 say good bye! Now Im stuck here w/o u!!  We have so much catching up 2 do!
Im done I think its a wrap deonte is loggin off 
@msash09 CONGRATULATIONS!! Im mad though, where is my invite, i never got it 
Im so sad all three of the girls moved out Of the mansion   they were so good fer hef. Now he has three ugly chicks
Just landed in detroit. Im going to be a tired puppy tomorrow.  spanish final.
Im too high 2 b thinkin about this shit right now. &amp; I live alone 
@stormbringer3 Im so sorry your going through such a hard time!!!! 
Im hungry too... i need tea and toast 
___i wonder if it will happen. Im expecting a big change in my love life. 
Im gonna roll up in a ball and cry.   this suck!
 @amburrtron i know how that feels. Im sorry. U can on me tho, in a way i guess. ya know? (L)
Im sick  I took a flu shot last saturday and it's still not working...
@iiMMA_kiinq   Im bored also  lets watch a movie!
I do not know how I am going to make it through another shift without a nap  Im already so tired..... is this the moment I start crying?
Im grounded at the moment so dont txt me 
@paomiami - thanks so much.. Im just stunned &amp; so angry right now. And lm at work about 2 go into a meeting. We'll 'chat' later 4 sure 
Im off to school for another day  but on a + i get 2 c my friends =]
@tez89 chips and dip!!!!! that sounds ever so amazing. Im hungry again  always hungry
@anastasiaanita Im not a fan of true blood  bcuz i've never watched it... haha
nightmare! have to be to work at 7 dont think Im going back to sleep 
I need more help! This is more urgent! What should I do my speech on? It has to be persuasive. Im really stuck and we dont have much time 
Droped my phone in the lake! I hope it still works! Or ill be phone less..bc I cant buy a new one...Im too broke 
Weekend is over. Im really gonna miss everyone, i dont want to go back to sweden just yet. 
I loved every moment of my boring weekend. Im sad to see it go 
Losing followers today, I guess Im dull 
Im bored I have my science exam today 
@_Alectrona_ I bet you smiling looks wonderful! Im fine thanks..at work and its grey clouds 
Im scared now  i dont like being alone at night well when its dark in general  dis is a problem
Im having really bad insomnia right now... 
I collapsed yesterday O_o Im really worried about my health... Something strange is happening. 
I feel i need to get closer with my friends. Im feeling distant from everyone 
Not going to beach any more  might make video if I have enough time, Im going to be watching Italian job (the original) with my m8.
uppp....it's currently 2:35 am and breonah can't sleep. Im thinking of my sidekick that was broken earlier this week  lord help me!
Uuugh @KevinFierce, I am trying, but Im having bad anxiety.. 
Im sorry that i was mean today. It's just that i dont know how to react when you acted that way..  &lt;/3
Is off to the gym not looking forward to it tho Im still so sore from yesterdays pump class 
Im in work wishn home time would b soon 
can't  stop thinking about my exam... Im totally freaking out...miss my mom, the only person qui puisse m'apaiser..!! 
omg... i am soo excited about the speeches... Im gonna sing I dreamed a dream... omgosh excited... 
Im beginning to think i wasted my time! 
Im talking to a girl about a guy that is prob cheating on his girl friend 
is on one of those mad rempages where you can just eat anything and everything in the fridge ... Im gunna be fat  lol
Im going to camp right now at 6:21 awwwwwwwwwwwww it way to early but im at camp all week and i lost my phone so no tweets 
Im up at 7 am on my day off just to go to the dentist 
@DancerJess7 Im on level 20  im chuffed. ha i just have no coins left  xx
Im off school today,, feel really ill 
I don't want to go to class Im sooo sick 
@puccilove that's a nice phone,but u HAVE the 5800!!Im still using an old sony walkman phone 
@anna8687 hey babe. how u doin? Im only here for another 10mins then off to bed! 
@AlexAllTimeLow oh, alex. I know plenty of people that would be willing to help you sleep. Im sorry you cant sleep, bud. 
Taking a poop before school. Im still sick 
I cant believe I just read what I read... a rock just hit my stomach at 50 mph... Im holding back tears yall   I just want to go home
@ladymaryann yeah, i like pink too, lol. Im having allergic itches right now.   how r u?
I can't enjoy my breakfast bcuz Im too sleepy  plan backfire.
@iheartjenny omqq Im starving too  ... I have the munchiesssss!! oigaaa conectese al aim
Heading to aledo, tx to meet the tour team and head to san angelo for the next event. Im going to miss my car 
Feels like Im coming down witb something 
@hmulholland This thing is huge, i dont know what to do with it! Im pretty sure it has a tattoo as well, its a badass! i only have a pc 
Im on a boat bitch! a dirty boat though 
He said &quot;I have a good life now I wont offend my wife and baby by adding you to my list&quot; She might have cut his balls off, Im so offended 
Just woke up and not feeling so hot  kinda feeling like Im gonna puke...
Im having problems with WENB aswell 
@icklewabbit Im not even excited bout my b'day and i dont even know what i want 4 my b'day 
Im getting the crap beat out of me by a flag 
Im in my jymas at 8.25pm the earliest since forever, im ill 
@modelmiszkendra nice way to say Im not!  lol
@belle_lulu Im the same lol . btw, have read it but blogger not letting me comment 
Im gonna get shouted at, possibly a slap, and i havent done anything! 
Im thankful my house didnt get blown away. Pictures of storm damage is insane! Prayers go out to all the ones that have to clean that up! 
Im gonna be carless starting 2morrow for almost a week!!!! 
Aiiieeeee (in a sad way) I lost my camera!  Im sad now....
lying motionless after the 5k run and an hr of football!! Im gonna be sore tomorrow 
Im at my job orientation...i came too early, now im gonna be board. 
The last day of school was today. Im not happy 
@SabrinaR12  Im sorry, thats 1:45am here... Hopefully I'll be sleeping but that probably wont be the case!
@WhatTheTatch Im just remembering stuff and its making me sad nostalgic 
Im at work while my poor hamster looks like he is about to die 
Turns out I havn't shaved for at least a week. Im so lazy for some reason 
Im about to record a couple of new songs. well only 5. then im recording some live sessions for @girlgoneganja since she left us already 
So glad this day is over. Im starving! 
Im not sure yet!  i might have a match but i wont know until 2morrow morning!
Ditched school again. Im not liking it one bit. 
woo Im watching my roommate play video games blahhh... I have such a bad headache today 
Im drowning n boredom...lol..and the g-ma is driving me up a wall...save me..   &lt;| ImPeRfEcT AnGeL |&gt;
@ag_stout you got food poisoning? Im so sorry!! 
sooo, I realized I planned a date on my parent's anniversary...    I dont wanna commemorate it with someone Im just not that into... :-/
Man, i need to get some friends in north county. Im so lonely 
Finally gave in and got a twitter account.  Im so disappointed in myself.  
@M_Scofes Im going to go curl into a ball and sit in the corner now lol......  
I still cant make a full fist with my right hand. Im looking at finding a doctor to take an x ray. 
Im bored out of my mind and its only the first day of summer vacation.... 
Im sitting at home waiting to go out. it sux cuz i dont feel good 
@gregmarra   Im sorry you broke them. You can put them back in if it makes things work
Im so sleepy and dont want to do work. 
Still sick. Im going to the doctor... i think its the flu!  and im leaving for new york on wednesday. Kk going to go on facebook!
@aceRosemaralway aw im really sorry  that sucks i hope it gets better for you. Im so happy its summer but the weather here is bad
Im trying to finish my work for college!  Its not working! 
I could fit 4 of me in this bed Im laying in. Kinnda weird and lonely. 
Im so bored right now. I would really like something to do. I wish it was at least thursday. I want my yearbook. 
math exam is tomorrow, and Im pretty nervous 
Im too tired to study today  but ill feel guiltyyyyyyyy
@PharmaceutAKAl Im listening to wendy williams rite now...bored outta my mind 
Im soooo sad i cant see the ellen show any more 
Im thinking this quarter's finals might honestly push me over the edge to insanity 
Im so stupid imy mom didnt have work so she could have came to the showcase  #fb
@SongzYuuup Im so sad the link not working for me I waited all day for it 
@trisha_053 I work fullllllllll time hahaha  Im so lame. 9-5 everyday
@lookitsk80 I jst got home from work. At one in the morning. Im a cashier!?!? WTF?! I miss hardscrable  http://twitpic.com/7iwxj
I hate it when I cant sleep b/c Im worrying about money  P.s. Im getting up in about 4 hours 
@RooookieP Im sorry u were sick on your bd!!  
Im sick 2day &lt;3 its so boring her at home 
YAY!finally summer!but ofcourse Im going to work today.... 
Im loving the sun today........but not the hayfever 
Im trying to sleep but theres 2 people next to me bumping uglys! And i cant join em 
Im hungry  didnt have anything to eat today yet.
Im alone today...... no friends to count down working time...... 
Im on my way to get sick  that would destory my weekend !
Im getting busy! I need to study AND attend trainings for volleyball. The competition is getting close. It's really hard to balance time 
watta day.  Im missing summer.
Some one whose awake please text me!!! Im at the airport for another 3 hours alone 
@sharynluu I think Im sick as well  You going to school tomorrow?
Im at school in a horrible mood, fuck school 
Im a celebrity get me out of here! 
Im depressed 2day cos im working 2night and i have had no extra sleep 
@thekateblack darn, BAMCinemaFest is the weekend Im outta town 
@CupcakeStop I would love to see what a tie dye cupcake looks like!  Im stuck at work tho 
@charleneamandax Im trying to look for work  ive sent off a million applications *sigh* getting a tan isnt really an option
well Im a licensed driver, watch out citizens! cam I hope you not getting any sleep doesnt lessen my chances of seeing you today 
Im so sad that me and sam cant go to l.a. today 
Im hungry, but my tummy hurts. 
Im sooo mad! lines vines and trying times didn't arrive from amazon!  it betta come tommorrow!
I woke up and its harder to swallow  mann now Im going to go get a haircut
Im so tired of cleaning now  just wanna have another beer in the sun.
Im so bored... I am not very fond of rain in the summer. 
Im eating chocolate for breakfast!? 
Im really tired from getting up at 6:30 every morning to babysitt all day ugh  have to take kelton to the pool what fun that shall be
Im thirsty but a lizard just ran across the dining table, i don't dare to enter the kithen 
@berriewine Im staying home for lunch. no money 
@haushi87 sweet. Im in my abnormal psychology class and bitch face is here. 
Im done with dating. All guys are they same. They are all selfish assholes who have the same desires when it comes to girls. 
uhhh, my tummy hurts. Im super nauseous. its making me super sick &amp; this headache isnt helping 
okay, Im unloved tonight! 
@Xxmusic09xx i thought for sure it dropped today but maybe Im crazy... Or maybe they pushed it back 
Im sitting in my appartment doing IT study 
Im having asthma attack on my way to school but dont have my inhaler 
Im getting sick ya'll  I have a sore throat.
@TheBloggess Im sorry about your loss 
I hate my life, I hate all the people around me, I hate my situation. I hate the person that iam. I wish Im dead 
@IAMLEAH stuck at work  But im down on other days Im free. I can flounder like no other.
Im being so clumsy today  i just tripped at my bro's house. Whats next?
@MszJennyBaby Im feeling like shit   ugghhh :'( Could we have lalajenny time
on the bus going 2 tafe. Im going 2 be late 2day 
Im starting to feel distant again..      &lt;/3
@LoBosworth i literally just posted the same exact thing! Bubbies!!! Im going to miss it  The reunion show should be gold though!
The wine I can get..seems as tho the rubdown gon have to wait  *sighs* can't wait til Im married..wow can't believe I just said that lol
@Jenshwa  aww too bad.I didnt go coz Im not into clubbin.I gave @seeson &amp;his wife my 'pass' coz it's his bday/anniv.Im sure u all had fun!
@ericjernigan I love you sexy man. I wish I could visit you at work but Im always working when you are 
Im hungry and don;t want to cook 
@KISSMEBITCHES  Okieee. Im mad sleepy. Im about to go to bed or at least take a nap.
Im bored bc xbox live is down today 
Im seriously scared to be in the car right now  especially with the rain ugh
Im all lonery at work right now like a loser 
Why is it that when you play free for all on super smash bros brawl, all the lvl 9 computers gang up on you? Im tired of getting owned 
weak, TIRED!!! Im bout 2 go lay in bed &amp; watch scary movies!!! 
@hobbie_16  wait when was ur bday? LOL i thought i programmed it but must not of. Im sorry 
Im watching this bloodymary movie and its lame 
@taylorswift13 CONGRATS!!!!! Just wish there wasnt a time difference  Im just now watching it!
Im sitting talking to my very troubled friend 
But 4real imma miss twitter. Im not gon b on it 4 a week 
Im freezing my butt off  http://yfrog.com/0vsc5hj
@litebriteac I think Im gettin sick  How r u?
i wish for money to grow on trees. Im dying to go shopping..  i've had enuf of jobhunting already!!!!!
@uberFresca shut up!!! Im ready for trip #2...  but at least I get to see beyonce next weekend...lol
Im always there 4 my family &amp; they treat me bad &amp; hurt me everytime..Y do I keep goin back 2 them?  *confused &amp; hurt*
 Wheres the 42? Im going ewa right now i need to see my girl
Someone come play pool with me at time out. Im all alone now 
@JustinMGaston Im not gonna lie I balled like a baby in that movie. So good, but so sad 
@ethangroves, yep, I just realized that.  either way, we will have both sometime, Im no where near goin to sleep.
@jbmonroe31 Im a nurse so I gotta find away to kick your insomina lol it must be driving you insane 
Im gonna miss you twitter world  spesh all the mcfly guys updates  ill be checking laters ;) x
I seriously dont get this whole twitter thingie!  haha! Im sitting here trying to figure it outt, im on my mobilee btww! ;) help muchh??
@LaraSmeding To make u jealous: Im gonna lay in bed ALL day. To make you not-so-jealous: Im sick 
I guess I will go to bed, I am not really tired though. Im missing my man! 
Oh no. Im having a coughing fit 
Feels like crap! Im such an eejit sometimes! 
Hoping i get a call. Im off to the orthodontist...gah i hate braces 
Im sick of having a queasy stomach ache its miserable 
I need a holiday, just want to go somewhere hot and relax with a cocktail! Im fed up of all this! 
&lt;-- feelin a lil pathetic, seems like Im TWEETing 2 myself. 
@melancholyrose im okay i guess. mostly emotional issues. its hard to trust people after something like that. Im scared to go outside. 
Im pill popn to take off da pain. N i just keep havn nightmares about the world ending. I guess no parade for me 
Dameunited enjoying weather? Im in yorkshire and tgd weather is dull and drizzly 
Im freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!  I whant the boys to spam kzaa  That sounds a bit wired XD
I hate english! 2 hours of reading and silence! Im loosing the will to live 
@Charlieks Me too. Obviously heh. Im so tired right now. And youtube is currently being faggy and not working properly on my phone 
I got called old by a boy today  well, more of wearing an old hat. Im not buying another beanie cause my fringe is too short!  blah!
Im pretty confident im gonna get pwned by my math exam. 
Im catching a bus to the beach...except, the bus just left 
@EMstyles @PrincessSam03 Im also starting my diet today.. You guys gotta help me stay motivated 
Im sick today....have a fever 
says Im effing broke!!! waaahhh..spent almost 13K on books alone  waaahh! :'-( http://plurk.com/p/11m2qn
@lovelessandmore Im the same, i have a serious case of insomnia these days   i wake up at odd hours lol other day i woke up at 4pm ha!
@superwife Im sorry I just read your last post about her doggie, Im sad 
Im going to go mad if my stuff doesn't come this week 
Im jealous of people who can eat solid food, I get to eat pudding for a weeek 
@btexperiment aww bless.did you not sleep last night then?Im really tired myself.I cant seem to sleep at night 
Im angry, I dont have a full G on my phone and fuckkkkk I cant even go on interwebs  why is it doing this?
@TARAFOX haha sorry I was real busy with exams and all but now Im free to enjoy summer! but im not enjoying it for some reason 
@MrBigDreams no Im at work  but they been playin pretty much all the same episodes during the day.. Its so funny how they all used to look
2 and a half more hours before I can go home and relax. Im starving. I ment to bring a salad but forgot. 
Im done and i saw you leaving the store 
using my glasses (because I have to) in order to check fb from my phone... Im getting old. 
@PTiff Im at work and i said that cause it might happen this week tho 
Im HuNgreh!!!! and I want to not waste any time and go to work so I can get out as soon as possible!!! Where's my food and clean uniform 
I woke up with a nasty cough. Im going to be SO bummed if this prevents me from seeing the nephews tomorrow 
Im starting to think we wont stay the whole summer.... 
Going to this army thing tomorrow, i dont do that stuff. Im guessing it will suck 
@shan27  Im so jealous! i need to go to school for 4 weeks until vacation. 
Im feelin sickly today....belly is talking too much 
@hairlessheart think Im too late anyway, seem to be back to normal price 
@EazzyBabyy Im grindin to but i havent lost it yet but I got a feeling that it will happen soon tho 
@insomnia no, we are pinkyless now  Im out of a job. no money to care for him. A friend has him. He has a ferret buddy now tho. He's happy
Im having such a fat attack 
@Im2spcal4u  im here if you want to talk hun, off twitter of course.
http://twitpic.com/7n24d - You can see the headache in my face, Im sick Tweets 
this freaking heat in the city is driving me crazy! :s.... Im so tired and im not even on my way home! 
@boulders Im going to miss your afro this summer 
Im kinda upset i didnt get on the jury for that murder case 
Im still sick  and im gettin other people sick too sorry
@seaepps I am too  It was over crowded + roads were closed off since 7am this morning ! Im 20 min. away from downtown L.a.
@LNTereshkow Im hiding in my room in the dark too!!  
Im at work and my kitty is at home dieing 
K, I give up, Im don with this thing, and with everyone else. So fucking sick of this! 
K, I give up, Im done with this thing, and with everyone else. So fucking sick of this! 
Being the only manager sucks. Im on lunch but cant leave the store 2 eat! 
Im home but im wet 
What am i doing? Im feeling like total and utter shite thanks.  i want to run and hide...
hello new anipals....Im not feeling the best-I have a swollen bottom lip...must get better soon 
@garrymullen not yet but a bunch more ppl I know did so it's likely next week or the week after  so if you need any help Im volunteering.
Im soooooo tired of this morning,afternoon and evening sickness.....im scared to eat 
@anna8687 I have to go now  *hugs* Im gonna miss you *looking so sad*
Im disappointed in the iphone update. It added two little things..big woohoo! 
@BrittDPrivate awww im sorry ur not feelin well today!!!  and i c ur goin to the dr's tomorrow? :S Im here for ya
Im finally home.....I need. A damn drink today was rough 
These breaks aren't long enuf! Im hungry!  can someone send me a meal plz?!
oh my im talking to the bestie. getting everything talked out. reassuring her i wont die. I refuse to die before my time. Im only 15 
farewell breakfast tomorrow.  Im gonna miss everyone so much. I love you guys.
Im in alot of pain  i pulled a muscle in my back!
Hursh!!! Im just keeping it real!!! R&amp;B music sucks ass right about now. I cant relate.  
So, Im pretty sure this is one of the worst sunburns of my life. Ouwwie 
Im tired of musicians that only succeed because they have flippy hair and lip rings. 
@lionslamb Im not even half done with yours.  That's how awesome it's going to be!!
@ddlovato Im going to one of your concerts but not the one this weekend but i want to 
@prettygirl6896 Im at the redneck bull riding thing  it's hell
my baby girl is getting her needles tomorrow .....Im not sure if the needles are going to hurt her or me more 
Im going home now. I hate being sad  i want to go to the beach...
@deanna_mac no, Im not home so no comp 2 get on! 
day one of two day diet. Im hungry. 
Im starting to think it's time for bed but trying to fall asleep is so tedious 
@Mamirosa I wish I knew.  Im dieting &amp; cant try them otherwise I would be grubbing! M&amp;M's are my fav candy!!! 
Im so sore im gonna be a vegetable all weekend 
@mz_killavanilla  then hurry up and do it bitch! Im bouta pop this baby out and i aint even seen my wifey! Dats over 9 months ago! 
Im usually really positive but honestly lately i really suck at life idk wat to do w myself anymore 
Im so ready to get some sleep! This little girl just wont let me sleep! 
Im in such a mood for sushi.. missing marco island 
Im taking this situation one day at a time 
Im at work and its not good have a fight with my lover and things r not good   face for me...but what can one do when others little drunk.
Im losing my internet and cable tomorrow  I hate movin... but love my new place
Im so unmotivated today  This work does sometimes really, really sucks &gt;_&lt; but at least...ive got strawberries *yammi* lol
Im want a waggle dance now 
@stockyscouts Im mobile just now, this backwards connection will not run youtube 
Im bothered by this whole h1n1 thingy. it gets to me at a different level it gets to everybody else 
Im no #css expert but can safely say I am better than the peep who produced this 1600 lines of drivel, I hate doing this stuff sometimes. 
Im playing chess with my laptop...thats where my life is come down too right now....i m so bored!!!! 
Im at home in bed feeling ill 
Im preety hungry 
On my way to work! Im laaaate! I hate freakin' been stuck in traffic in Ccs 
@carlostwism BRAAAAAAAAAAAIN FREEEEEEEETH!! hahaha....I will give it to ya, hopefully it comes in today! Im lost without it 
@roystern09 Im still awaiting a phone call for rights to some music 
Im wet and cold! I had to walk 30mins to catch 2 buses to get to work. I ended up getting here way earlier than everyone else anyway 
Revising hard for science exam in the morning! Only 2 exams left though! Im so bored dont know what to do for the rest of the day 
I feel like I need2 get up and do somethin productive like go jogging.lol Im so comfy in bed tho  I WILL do something productive l8r 2day.
@CALLMEWETWETlol aww.ur sweeet as candy  Im ona special breakfast diet 4 a few days  Im sad bout it but I kno u will hold me down.lol
Im thinking my iphone is now running slower with os 3.0 on it 
Im never a happy panda to get up early for work 
@naistract work,school,more work and then some. Im a busy bee.how u been?hehe &lt;3 imiss them boys 
@princesskiki87 stop hating on me hoe. Im sleepy  good luck on ur exam today!
Im standing inj the rain and cars are passing by getting me sucked. 
@saraharoy omgg. Im soo jealous. They have the cutest stuff. And u cant shop online 
Im on my phone? this doesnt work like facebooks mobile does 
Im afraid my parents are on the verge of divorce.... 
@ellylaine really looking forward to next week however Im snowed under with work at the moment 
Its june! What does the weather think it is doing! Im gonna get soaked 
@discoholly Im not a bitch...am I? 
Im half blind at work today  my contact ripped and i had to get rid of it. At least it happened to my better eye!
suks tht Im still nt on search ppl,, techncl difficulties 
@QianaBrock Im separated from them both... so i try to see them as often as i can. Thats also the down side of young and foolish luv. 
Im sick, I was absent to the school and I want to go out of my house but it's cold 
Blahhhh Im nit really digging the fact that I have work &amp;&amp; I woke up from a nightmare this morning 
Im having tati for lunch. I mean with.   Lonelyandroid ):
going out to get my grauation shoes. then back here to get ready. Im gonna miss everyone   &lt;333
@nick_carter: Im so excited i got crazy on the streets  now im on a mental institution 
@uncleo Im good busy but good...u made me lmfao the other day wit your myspace status, u was ready to go off bout ppl advertsin 
I need a dose of reality. Im stuck in this fairytale and nothing is coming true. 
Im so bored tonight boo  anyone in the mood to chat at all ;)
@symphnysldr Im sad because I'm your biggest fan and you won't tweet me. 
@jessicamazing_   That sucks sooo bad. Im sorry 
Bostons SUPER raining..But my haiiiir n im in a dress n heels..Im so cold so co co cold N they got the ac on.. 
Im sooo mad cuz we was gonna go to da park and have a cook out and now it looks like rain...     
@pshidk are they doing the weights now? Im sorry 
I really wish I would have gone to the gym with @bryan75kelly...Im home alone now...I shouldn't have gone back to bed, 
Im watching extreme makeover and the familys story is so touching... I tought i was about to cry 
They need to invent a new way to test for diabetes, this was sucks. Im starving, tired, and the insides of my elbows hurt 
Im in love with a skirt in new look, oh why cant it be payday already 
@diddlez I haz it! but at home. i'll send it to you when Im at home. And no skrilla?  you could come anyway!
@ashleymassaro99 Im sorry your day was depressing 
Ive grown too close to a lie that it took me just now to realize i had to tell the truth.Im just sorry that it had to hurt so much 
@MariahCarey mariah  I really wanna hear the whole H.A.T.E.U song, Im just getting so impatient,guess`I have to wait, your so amazing(L)
Im so tired my iron is like super low but I cant get enough   Im also cravin a steak like no ones business.. :*(  im gonna eat spinach
s1m0ne died and master chief is useless without her = Im computerless 
I HATE using twitter on my computer it doesnt work, just started following like 15 people and now it says Im not following them 
@seminolegirl97 I would be happy to assist you darlin but Im afraid I can't make a 5000 mile round trip before bedtime . 
@larrynimmer Thats so sad to hear  but Im glad they are rallying and standing up so the world will take notice and do something
Im totally about to cry. I cant curl my hair 
@lauraily Im in all day too, im getting so bored but till I find a flat I dont wanna get myself  doing something else  got nething to do?
 today's getting worse by the moment. Im going to finish packing, then study,and fall asleep.
Im gonna curl up into a little ball. be back when the pain goes away. 
@thatkidnamedjay It is when you wanna watch porn! Im stuck with stupid pictures  Would MUCH rather have video.
Man Im so board why is basketball season over 
Im sad because im the only android amongst all u humans.   Lonelyandroid ):
Downloaded the ncaa 10 demo ahhhhhh!!!!! Im so freaking excited!!!! How does one go this long with no football 
@j0eeee &amp;@lunasmilessx yes joe u r smart &amp; yeah I have to read the story &amp; lunaa Im gnna die  Im listening to eminen&lt;3 its been so long !!
mmmm, Im tired byebye people 
Im going to eat sushi again... ''Thanks alot tiff'' 
Im back and i dont feel welcome. did i make the wrong decision?  please dont call me regarding this.
@nova937music Im not getting my keys today  ... W&amp;G night will have to be postponed!
What do you do when the one you love leaves? Im gonna miss corey  &lt;3
@TeresaSE 3:31 and I can't get back off to sleep. Im gonna be paying for this tomorrow 
@gilliganpierce Im sorry.  at least u dont have a mutant foot!
/sigh I seriously hate not having school.. Im so bored.. Gears can only entertain me for so long.. 
Im ready to go home, but im not ready to leave my best friends that live up here for a couple of months. 
@dork4life Im going home 
Im gonna miss updating my shit 
Im waiting on the tech people to talk to me about this. I have a bad feeling 
@hsmpotter awhhhh Im gonna miss you so much toooo 
Im so tired  jus took some tylenol pm so hopefully i can sleep tonight Nightyy night tweeples...
Im gunna miss ryan and nate...   half of my best friends are leaving.
Im about to turn a quarter of a century yrs old in a hr...   Im getting old... 
@xXKittenxXx yea, Im a broke ass and cant make it unfortunately.. 
my eyes are burning...Im tired  maybe I shouldn't be working tonight
In alot of pain. Im tired and bored 
I know you've gotten alot of p, even more then guys. Im right there wit ya sweetheart. I miss bein wit a women, its been about two years 
@KaoBayBay boutta be on my way home...Im sleepy 
Im out of it too...  @erincrowley lets make last day of school poop desserts
@littledotty Im sitting here enjoying a nice  beer and some doritos everyones in bed but me 
There is something tapping on my window.. Im too afraid to look... 
Oh No!! I hope Im not getting my stepdads sickness 
Im trying to sleep but i for got to bring the cot 
People are lame. Im no good at the guessing game. 
Im gonna make those smores by myself...how sad... 
@marissa_gTDk Im taking nursing classes.. and i have to practice shots  my arms are bruised 
after cleaning my room until 3:30 Im heading to bed all by myself 
@lukemarsden how are you finding the sims 3? Im a bit disapointed tbh. The graphics are better in the sims 2 and so is the gameplay 
Starting calorie counting soon, the boy and i are both not hitting our caloric intake for the day. Im barely hitting 1200. 
Im doing nothing right now.. I want to get some sleep.. 
Im about to go to sleep for 2 hours before work 
@syncerepapi We neva get to talk to u anymo  When we here ur gone and when ur here we're gone.Thats not cuteeee!Im aight.How u been?
@JakobPedersen I'd like that, that would actually help me alot. Im stuck at radiation.  i hate radiation!
at home and can't be bothered to go to the thing with our frnds today  Im too tired
@Kiddysmile nope  paris is not good for me.. Im too &quot;big&quot;
Im so upset my twitter went bye bye.  ughh! lol.
hi, went to bed way early, now Im up before the birds... 
At the moment im watching sky news!  Im bored 
@geishacat awww Im sorry for making u feed bad 
@radioedit I know!  We'll have to meet up when Im back next week. U free on thur?
@Brooksyonair why do i get the feeling Im not gonna like this? 
@HeartBreakV  Im laughing but stil :'-(  hahaha how long do u have to be there?
@tigerchad Thanks, but Im lifting so hard Im getting bigger instead of leaner  need more cardio!
@HunterParrish hi Im a spanish fan I love weeds and u! yesterday I turn on the TV to watch weeds but there was a soccer match 
I came into work on the wrong shift  and they wont let me start early ugh! Im at this motha till 7
http://twitpic.com/7smvr - Im gona be late for work  bumper to bumper.....
Last dose in 4 minutes. Im going to miss you test drug 
Im on holiday finally!!! now the fun begins...pity its winter  mmmm
@DeniseVlogs I liked your song video. Although Im hurt you didnt ask me to help. Even though that chick was way better. It still hurts 
@lonna: soo when are you guys coming back? Im having janel withdrawls. 
I hate it whn Im tryn 2 do sumthin &amp; shit strts 2 fll apart.  #@*&amp;^%)@(&amp;^! &amp; U knw ths MAAAAAAAN   !     !    !
@queenvee1 @natalyvaldes Ayyyyyyyeeeee I wanna be ready  Gish should I just go??? Im gonna cry!
@empressjournee thanks for the support , hopefully i can get some more followers now... Im so terribly underrated on twitter 
@wayneshort  what do u n yours have planned?   Im working all weekend 
Im sitting in my car next to my dream car 
At dans. I want some crap to eat!  Im proper boiling too!
wow Im sooo hungry! I didnt have my protein powder shake that I have every morning .. im starving.. 
Is going on 3 hours of sleep. Im sad to be going home 
Also follow the amazing mitchellgreg @mitchellgreg Im sorry babe  I try to get everyone
Im freaked out coz there's a huge bee on the bus 
@tararenee7 weird that's one of mine too cuz Im kinda fluffy 
Im in pain  taking tylenol. If that doesn't help I'm calling my doctor
Im wishing someone would buy me a summer slaughter ticket 
Yes please! Im always so cold    cuz my bones are old.  
@elfinwear Im the same exact way!! 
@Electrile I know what you mean   Im not even watching for the first time ever on eviction night!
@JeremyThurber Aww Im sorry swty.. I guess the bug is going around at this time of year..I would send you cookies but I live 2 far away 
@hawaiigirl81 aw thank you! sorry Im a lil late on that one for some reason I can't get your @ replies  *sad*
@tkqwerty *sigh* u might have too -_- u know how these things do to me. Im so depressed 
I feel as if im a bear in hibernation. Im nvr leaving ths cave  ayy i hate how i have nthng to do anymre
Im sitting here doing some work for my pharmacy degree 
planning my goin away party. This is so crazy! Im going miss everyone. 
@brooke_puglise Im so bummed they didn't put your dad on TV  I will read the books first. It actually sounds like a good story.
Im sad shes leaving tomorrow..... 
I havent even been on yet today *gasp* and now Im off to daughter's ballet recital then work tonight.  I miss you guys 
Im so bored right now my summer is going to waste...and i thought this summer was going to be the best 
Im disappointed, no sambuca this weekend 
Im out. Its all well done but it hurts so much! already awake for 2 hours but i couldnt move before. hate this part of hospital life  pain
Im actually being lifeless. i just joined here, and im not sure what to do. surgery in the morning. 
http://twitpic.com/7udcq - Im missing my kitty super bad 
@Astouu lol, nope. Im currently unemployed  I feel you about needing that money though!!!!!!!!!
anybody got anything interesting for me? Im bored 
 Im in trouble for leaving the heater on all night
Im at borders during a tornado watch. 
@JoeFreshgoods @VitaMorte Im mad the weather is messed up. i wanted 2 stop by LDRS 
Wasnt scheduled to work tomorrow &amp; Im kinda pissed that I have so few hours this week. I def need the money 
@briannaglenn don't feel bad, Im gone be cleaning house tonight too since I don't have a date. 
ok i have changed my mind! Im sick of spending the weekends alone 
Today is like a million times exhausting. Im ready to take a nap on checklane 7. 
Im absolutely bored wish there was a bball game on rite now 
Im guessing no fireworks tonight. 
Im feeling sort of cranky 
@USRJAYCRO lol Im staying in...I have no life 
Im gonna miss him more then my doggie  i have had him for wayyyyy longer
Im freezing, why am I cold when its summer? not fair! 
@promizechild Awww dont be mad at me boo. I didnt have any gas to go. Im sorry 
@KariMarie28 I know. This sucks, its like my only way to communicate w/anyone right now too. lol. Im such a loner 
I likeee being ''21'' almost everywhere i go with my sis. Im gonna miss her when she moves 
Im all alone in my house and its getting scary outside! 
Im sad  tomorrow is ganna be a lonely day.
womp womp womp... Im home now 
Man today was good up until I started talkin with my bf! He had to kill it! Im so out of it I dont even know what to do anymore! 
Im feeling so sick right now its not even funny 
Ugh... I worked out yesterday for the first time in a few weeks and now Im sore all over 
@rubberxjohnny Im sorry  hope you feel better soon.
I can be crazy because of this papershyit..  graduation cap.. Im longing of you 
Im really confused.  the longer it continues, the worse it gets! I want to say something, but.... I just cant.....
I am annoyed right now cuz Im not gettn my way  hmph!
Im angry... my computer wont let me upload profile pics 
@zac_dance http://twitpic.com/7vivf - So cute. Im gonna miss you 
Yay! Im a hs graduate! Im gonna miss everyone  i absolutely love my seniors
You tell me. Lol. Im sorry baby girl. I lost my internet. 
Im tiredsan. and my whooole body hurtz  night night!
Its k. Im pretty much gna lie in tomorrow cos every1 is in work and im off. 
@lewie4.Its k. Im pretty much gna lie in tomorrow cos every1 is in work and im off. 
Leaving the happiest place on earth.  Im sooooo tired!
Im still NOT home  im soo tired and sleepy.
Im at work  Absolutely hanging. I love freedom!
Im soooo tired &gt;_&lt;  @Wardere lets go to bed bro haha ill make the video public right when I wake up  
Im up and just getting ready to go to work for 6 hours.I dont want to go  tweet ya later xxx
Im jogging home 
@TraceCyrus I was going, but my friend couldnt decide if she wanted to ore not, and then the tickets were sold out. Im so sad 
@ItalyOut Im praying too. I haven't slept all night 
Im up bout to get ready 4 work....hope today ends betta den yesterday   i cant explain how i felt last nite but its a new day!
Im not going now tonight uu guys! Have no money 
Im getting hella tired guys  fuck. I have to be awake to pick up my aunt.
Im sooo sorry u guys  No money n neither does my mum  I stilll o her some too!
ShoOoOot! Im getting jelous again! I hate this feeling! Im sad.... 
Im bored n feel shit 
@MsLadyCasper I still havent found it  Im thinkin its gone for good!
Im going to put on a terrible amount of wieght  time to stop eating.
@NoelClarke Im ok just been rushing from one place to the next today...one is clearly not amused 
[ter890] @chunchuan i was thinking that the statement &quot;Im gay&quot; ain the lie but i miscliked and i clicked this is the lie 
is feeling rather shite again today oh well, tonight Im starting the medication was meant to last night but forgot 
@gapanda lol he was good. Im dizzy, i just fainted! totally hurt my shoulders  how u doing??
Im waking up at freakin eight in the damn morning 
The camera that I want doesnt have a waterproof case available. Im so conflicted 
Im on the car ride from hell....someone save me 
Im going to buy the new green day cd I cant go to the concert in vienna  SHit!
@CientifiQ .. I warned u about the rain pa!  Im sorry!
Is going fathers day shopping today, Im soooo late 
Im so not prepared for this long hard day at work 
@KitCh_ it got caught around my steering wheel &amp; when I pulled it out it looked like that  Im all good, how's bout you!
Im too scared to go near the other afi fans...ima bum 
@tremendousnews Im lactose intolerant. Sucks for me. 
@stajastaj that sucks...  Im sorry!
god Im sooooooo mad  coz my phone isnot working !!!!
@makeupnewbie78 awwww  Im sorry hun...yeah this weather BLOWS! but at least I havent had to use the A/C yet! lol
Im very crabby today  boo to being a woman...
@donnieklang Im jealous. I wish I was seeing you in concert. Its gross and rainy here. 
I need a nap. Im so tired!  but my mom and i bought this amazing garlic cheese sourdough bread!
Misses her stinky bf already. Im dreading wednesday 
Im so tired. I just wanna go home lol 
@_AngiePangie Im so jealous  well it went fine! it hurt but its all good now lol miss you
Im so sad for @joalexandre Shes driving  poor girl. This traffic is making me sick to my stomach!
I went to the school today! It sucks :S, I cried! Im gonna miss my friends! 
You all suck! Im stuck at work and You guys are going to the water slides. This is horrible 
@slarietscatgut yea il tweet you. Im sorry 
watching &quot;The world trade center&quot; (the movie) Im worried it will make me cry 
Im so hungoverrrrrr at work  panda express here i come my remedy!
Hey ya'll! Im home cleaning, then grocery shopping, then maybe mall later if not 2moro... I need some company though  Who's down?? 
 Im gna hate today. I already know.
Im doing nothing D: i am SO frickin bored 
 Its wasnt me your honour i swear!! on my life!!! Im blonde!! please take pity!!
Im late once again  @goddess420 on da othr hand, I soo got da munchies!! @BLACKBARBIIE
has daisy upset with him at work. I don't know. Why. Im sorry. 
Im bed drinking tea and watching TV, im tired 
Blahh!  Im missing johnny coopers concert tonight  boo!!
@alannamueller lol i cant. Im at my uncles camper.  maybe monday?
im @ grecian in kennett. Im watching these people eat. Its grossing me out. They are eating with their fingers 
went to a beach party 2day. Im sooo burnt!!! 
Im beggining to think my dream of owning a polaroid camera will never come true. 
@emroy_10 no sry Im not  actually not even close lol jk
@jamesdelong she did, so Im trying to talk to her ,someone already did  on fb too 
Im gunna miss when u leave its gunna be hard to find another guy like you  it finally hitting me!
@MzDiva1920  next time. Im not a clubby type person tho so maybe sumn else
@epicturtle I hear you are still sick  if you play sonic the hedgehog two then Im sure your body will start to feel better. Always works!
@iSUCK ineedthe toilet again.Im drinking wayy to much water!! 
Apparently Im loosing my touch when it comes to technology...  that or my patience for incooperation is lower
Im getting attacked by mosquitoes 
Im so effing hungry. and levi is acting all mean 
Year One was ok. Little elementary school kids farting sucked.  And @warmwarmwinter Im not a favorite people? 
@sofuknhollywod but at least it's for my dad so I'm sure he will reinsburs me i hope sigh  Im staying @ da penthouse tonight yay!
@iwilseeuinh3ll work sounds like it sux.  Im not sure if I should be excited or depressed bout getting a job next year...lol
@lovebeatswar break a leg tonight! Im bummed i cant make it 
having tennis class right now. Im doing so bad! And I miss my dad 
Just got done taking a portion of my test. To be honest, I don't really know how I did. Im so upset right now. 
@gift_of_game where are u now? Im lost without u 
@SethFox Im moving this year, tired of this cold old place.  and im not allowed on the roff terrace grrrrrr i got a grumpy landlord 
@ddlavato Im sick and just in time for tomorrows concert.  Im sooo mad. I took some medicine hopefully I'll feel better tomorrow
Yes it is 3 25 am and yes i am still up .. Im really tired but 4 sum reason i cant sleep .. 
@Horsetreatlady Im sorry   How nice to have such special memories
@babygarfiguer aww thats nice. Im sleepy an my feet hurt 
@mistee84 nope.. never had the chance and each time they are in town.. Im not 
The kids and I took it easy today. It rained off and on all day today. Im down in the dumps lately and I haven't been able to get out. 
@Brittannec i know!!! Im always going crazy about music and how it burrows deep inside and pulls at me. Most people just dont get it 
@notoriousflirt I know.It would be dumb for me 2 try 2 raise a kid at my age...but I already love the kid Im probably not even preg with. 
i feel like shit today I feel like Im the size of the world I hate it 
Im staring at the window wishing you'd be passing by, all i see is shadows as the memories pass me by 
Im tired, i really need to sleep, just saw my friend dancing dressed like a girl HAHA, i miss my boyfriend 
@DnMatty Im sorry that's no fun! 
Whats wrong with my phone? Im not getting any messages 
it was made in a round cake tin, it came out retarded  and it sank on me. Im not the best cook.
Im drunk and not ready for anything else that comes p 
Something keeps eating my ducks...Im down to 3, 
Im sorry, I don`t like hurting people`s feelings but you know the situation.. 
Anyone up??? Im failing @ trying to sleep in the car  wanna be home asleep in my comfy bed!!!
@_Idance_ Im upset with you now. u were like omg the schwans man is here ill call u back...then ur hanging with kayla and never called me 
Watching pursuit of happiness. Im gonna cry 
Im fasting today. Haha i made a resolution not to disturb the ppl arnd him anymore. But, why isnt he talking to me? 
Oh crud. Looks like Im sleepin with the nitelite on and nitemares now. I shouldntve watched that alone. I get freaked way to easily. 
@soonerlm Im sooo bored tho...and need some cheering up 
Im very sad because i have to go 2 whole months without sunny bunny 
@jonaskevin please please follow me  Im like one of your biggest fans it would mean the whole world to me
Not feeling too well. I think I ate too much of that apple and date nut cake we baked yesterday. And Im not even feeling thin anymore. 
Im in a weird mood, not feeling so good right now  hopefully tomorrow will be a better day!
@itsryry thats horrible! Im sorry 
Im in love with someone i cant have 
Partying is not my scene. Im sorry for all my complaining...i just wanna go home 
Im thinking what I should eat. Im gonna cook and Im all by myself  To think for a minute I actually liked the solitude...
@mandisaofficial Im doing great and I sorry we couldnt meet up 
This night is terrible;( I could not sleep because tooth of ached  But Im hope that this day is cool 
This night is terrible;( I could not sleep because tooth of ached  But Im hope that today's day will be cool
Im so sick  hope its not swine flu its going around my moms office
@DirtyRose17 Im a lil scared I thried talking normal today and nothing came out ..I can whisper really good but reg talking I cant 
Man i could not get to sleep last night! Im going to suffer for it today i just know it. 
@uniguild Im off til thursday! 
Im gonna miss my primary skool friends  u guys are the best!
Im about to leave for holidays and im almost in tears leaving my dog  but my sisters staying with him x
http://twitpic.com/80023 - Im going to miss this girl like you have no idea!!!! 
Im up and about ready for church. It's going to be a long day..........no jasimane after church 
@teamseddie Im sorry, i was gone and now u r  *hands head in shame*
@rpd95 ... Have a problem cause of the excuse slip, they're so strict. I don't wanna miss things!  Im just lying down right now...
@reggie298 Aww  take it down to somewhere to see if you can get it fixed. Im scared for my laptop already D: it's in the post
@dchildofdestiny aaw Im sorry to hear dat about your dad  just say a prayer today Im sure he's watchin over from up there especially today
Just had the worse dream ever! Im still tired and I cant even go back to sleep. 
@HopeWaldorf ommg really how did you find out? So Im guessing that's our dreams crushed  lmaoo
Im in church and I have an itch on the top back of my leg but don't wanna scratch because it will look like im scratching my butt 
I got stung by a frickin bee. Once i think but i do have two spots. Im in so much pain 
Im at the beach for the last time 
@mileycyrus Im 16 too, and i reaaaaly want to get a bike, but where im from its not 'cool' to ride a bike. What should i do? 
@geekparrot cant  im changing company soon. I have a lot of IT work to settle. Im the only one that knows the system.
@loris_sl I know, it's super fast  I want it. Im buying a 500gb hdd portable and transfering off my old 320gb in work. The other pcs are
Im flicking my bean... shit... it fell on the floor! 
Im having to throw away stuff from my childhood since my parents are moving 
i'm feeling the hurt today lemme tell ya what. volunteering for habitat for humanity was good but Im so sore today and it was 100 deg out 
Oh and fuck getting my bridge. Im not in the mood 
@nevershoutkelsC im good. Im tired and over worked but good, one more exam and thats it.... thank god, it has been soo long  Thanks though
Im watching this really sad movie on lifetime 
There is a dead cat on my back patio. Im sad. 
I miss my brother! Im sad hes leaving 
Watching Disneychannel.  Im sick  I has A bad headache
Plans got ruined! Im not going to texas this week anymore 
Im starving! I could really use some taco bell 
Im getting sick!!  oh and my puppy too 
my kitty is sick. Im actually worried that she is dying. She hasnt been able to keep anything down for the last few days. 
Im sick..  someone come take care of me
Aw man Im going to miss that dog  #theroadworrior
Im all alone this week 
@lovelessandmore p.s. Im jealous, you have a lot more followers than me 
@bmore2cali nothing just got home.. Im sick 
I really wish we didnt have to go away the summer. Im goin to miss you so much babe 
Im starting to feel really tired  This line has moved up lol one person and that person is still busy. This is gonna take forever. 
might not be able to take my final tom. or even go houseboating this week. Im quarantined in my room 
Im beginning to wonder if I did something wrong... 
Im taking my dog to the vet. Shes not looking to well 
accident on the 133 to laguna beach??? Im stuck. 
Just did the scratch test..yup! Im burned. ouch 
In london. Im going to be here for two days, bus it to paris for another two and then back to london again. i miss brian 
@dawl83 but Im soo confused on what to get.  The one I was gonna get they dont have time to do today. So I want anotha 1 for now
I started getting a sore throat tonight out of the blue and Im starting to get that - not feeling good effect 
@BetsySharp Im watching it right now and it's so sad, especially the fact that it was all played out on tv. I feel 4 the kids too.. 
@greatwithcoffee Im done watchin season 2 
Im still longing for my frozen chocolate banana on a stick 
Im visiting my papa today. He leaves tonight  Im gonna miss him so much!
@iam_DaVinCe ugh sooo sick! Im at home 
Im hiding from my mom cause she always gets mad at me when i get the hiccups at work 
Im bummed asher roth won't make it today  @itsonalexa
@clegrange  So whats goin on this weekend?  fuk Im bored 
Im babysitting... work later  I need a life!
@StEpHYsWoRLd me too...I just had a Special K bar...I bring them  because sometimes I'm so busy I can't eat. Im running low @ home though 
@Spacefrog29 its my work lappy, i didnt pay for it, but its all my work! Im so cross  But get to pick a shiny new Insurance one lol
@TheSims3 nothing because i had to uninstall it as my computer cant take it. Im very sad as I never really got to play on it either 
Getting ready for another day at work..boring boring work I swear..Im going to go insane there 
Im eating lasagna... ur favorite food 
@krystinascott I could sleep 6 hours but Im still feeling sleepy and crashing my head in my desk  I think I really need vacations, hows U?
@Peachluv   Im good..No1 wants 2 read abt my little fact abt me. 
Who wants to donate to my fund to pay off the ticket!? Im $60 short of $800 
:/  Im in love with a jackazz!!  ugh fml.....
Im not in a good mood 2day so im at the mall right now then goin 2 watch a movie&amp;  will be missing Maddhouse's live chat 
Im really scared.. Just been threatened by someone I dont kno to do stuff on cam.. i didnt. Im really worried now  Been crying.
Im sad to see my aunt in jail  She was arrested for being a very loud drunk lady
Doesn't like it when psycho lying ex girlfriends stalk me and find my work number and call me unexpectedly at work. Im still shaking 
@bobfrankpat Im in new york...  I cant see the game
Meds are making me sick and Im running off of no sleep 
about to laydown and take a nap. Im sad this will be the first time in 6 days i lay my head down without my gf next to me.  xoxox &lt;3
Im so sad for my baby girl 
Im trying to follow everybody who just started following me  but twitter is acting up 
Im feeling sick...i think that lady did something to me. 
@PerryPiekarski Im not sure, I don't really want to use/abuse it just yet. I might have to pop the bitch open if im out of warranty 
@stacythatgirl Im sorry  I cant wait either, i want to go home already. I spent all night last night working on PCs instead of relaxing 
keren's last day at work. Im losing my buddyyyyyyyyyy 
In the car. Im craving one of those  breakfast taquito things from whataburger 
Im forced to go to school tomorrow after my father caught me skipping school again!!...school is going to suck tomorrow 
Im so sorry  dont cry over me, please? Im seriously gonna have 2 distract myself big time from thinking of you or ill be a fucking mess!!
Im watching across the universe by myself. 
@dmeeno boys night or bondage night? I really must annoy you. Im in bed reading, working at 9 tomorrow. 
Im on break Yay! @foofoox33 Awww that sucks 
Im trying to stay awake at work. listening to this girl complain about her life Uhhgg. she talks to much. and my boss is here too. great! 
Im painting that house this weekend.. but wow I am getting burned out doing labor all day all week 
Im so sad. I hope that da decision that i just made is The correct one. 
Ahh! The bus im on is stuck in a traffic jam. Im going to be late to the gen art film festival.  
Im baaaaaaaack! ,going to take a shower ,i miss u &quot;online&quot; bestie 
@sisterpatterson Yes we did! Im so mad why didn't they give @TIFFANYPOLLARD her money last night! 
Im up and have 5 people to take care of  i hate when my mum is going out of town like this
Anyone down for transformers 2 tonight at midnight text me. Im at work. 
Im off every weekend next month. Other than that, im working.  @MzLCherry
Im super sick of painting crosses  ! I wanna go to the malll.
@songbirdie000 Im doing okay. Today was a hard day 
My fish 'Pinky' has died. Im sad. 
  somebody text or go on aim. Im so bored.
skipping my last class! Im really sleepy! Didnt sleep too well last night 
skipping my last class! Im really sleepy! Didnt sleep too well last night 
Im getting  a cold.....oh man! I hate being sick 
@bape228 Im in soo much pain, can u make me sum soup? 
Im thinking that im gona hve a depressing day today, 
Im having a really bad headache right now  
Im sad 1 tear ago today the dog i got for my first b-day died... 
@aamirica no im not  Im gonna have to wait til tomorrow and its driving me crazy!!!
Im soooo tiredd like to the max tired and im sick  goodnight @shellybear311 and @kevheartsmar @angelbabyyboo
Im having one lonely night 
just got home from work. Im feelin like i cant breathe 
i have shortness of breath... Im not sick or anything so idk why i feel like this 
Im sticking to my sheeeeets  this is why i hate summer, its so hard to get comfy and get a good nights sleep
Eugh!! Im dreading today 
Im already a total and complete mess just knowing the grandparents are going to be gone a whole month 
Im doing one last look on the book, and im really nervous and scared to post it you guys. 
Im losing much needed sleep bcuz baby kailen decides to wake up @ 2am 
Im so tired!  dont want to go to school!
Im preparing 4 a really really long day 
Im so bored i dunno what to do  if anyone sees this please call me or text me or something . . .  Even if my only 2 real people are pe ...
Im freaking exhausted, yet I don't have time to rest  People, any suggestions how to stop feeling tired other than coffees? O.o
I want a beagle. Im missing my dogs 
@MimiHotLips  ooooh, I thought the pics had a bit of a purple tinge... like the 200 firmware.  Im on 210 too.. thats causing me probs 
@lennel I will when I find the time! Im still in the office at a freakin meeting!! 
I want you and no one else. But i dont wanna put to much hope on you cuz Im afraid you have gf.. 
@LucD22 Im using 1.8.1 and it doesnt work, just comes out blank  re-install i think !
@officialmgnfox Thats horrible! Im really sorry about your cat  xxx!
Debating on whether or not Im going to this shoot @ 11am. Really don't feel up for the hustle and bustle today! Not feeling so good! 
Im at work wishing i was behind a mic on stage in front of a soldout arena. 
Im happy to be at camp! But missing my pink lamp! 
@Larryx360x am i too late? Im sorry i was sleeping 
This song is upsetting me way too much. I cant stop listening to it when Im on the computer and I cant get it out of my head when Im not. 
I just lost something that was in my hand. who does that? Im seriously not joking I need help. this always happens to me 
Im startin to miss her alot 
Im trying to create a facebook account but my dumb ass school won't let me!!!!!!!!!!! 
@letoyaluckett wat were u doing out here in the bay area? Im mad i missed you  and will u back july 11 with j valentine and tank?
is so sore from the pool yesterday! heading to putt-putt today and then to tmac for the night....Im exhausted already!! 
 My turtle food! Its starving. ;( Im sorry, turtles. ;( I promise i buy tmr. ;(
Im stepping forward in january. im sorry guys 
Certainly didnt expect this. 3 cases of the swine flu# found in my building. Im not safe anywhere 
Im sitting here, in pain, waiting for a stupid meeting to start. I dont want to be here. 
Im singing in the rain !!!  it is pouring the rain !!  
@SeanMHayes Haha, i have no idea what to write though. Im just staring at a blank word document. 
Im sitting here lost in transition  this wordpress is bugging me and I will not stop till I figure it out grrrh
@CarterTwinsZach Im sorry I hope u feel better cuz I love u and it makes feel horrible when ur sick or sad or mad or hurt 
Some amazing news for 5yac!! Im so stoked follow me to see what comes next  be ready
@tayswift Im glad to hear im not the only one awake at 2 in the morning 
Right people, Im back. 12hrs of mind numbing IT work ahead... y'all better bring it! 
Im going to home and take the doggies to the park...will twitter from the park 
Im off to work in a mo and am excitied about getting things ready for my new flat 
getting ready to go to the aiport soon to collect my loved one...Im soooooooo excited  
@allsorts29 hiya, hope you and the family are well. Im due in less than three weeks eek 
@hansonmusic http://twitpic.com/2y0cg - Im happy that things are going great with the recording!  HAHA tay
Im' now a twitter girl  &lt;3
@Zewdy YAY! Im real excited bout ur progress  hopefully be able to meet u in person b4 u 2 famous lol &amp; will wait 4 the new vids beybeh.
@dougiemcfly hello man. loving the pic, is that your expensive lizard? Im getting a goldfish named after you. Hopefully it will live. 
Fresh from the editing room http://tinyurl.com/c7ytss  Im so tired had a long day.. but i gotta finish editing videos
Oh my god, I have totally neglected twitter today, sorry, Im just going out with a friend today 
Getting ready to go to school. It feels like i just had 10 energy drinks! Im hyperrr. 
@OMGSarahsays Have you opened the package yet? Im wondering whats in there lol 
@amberbenn I would be worried for you...but since you're a superstar Im confident you will get everything done. 
Im excited for Dads story to go public this week...ill post a link when its up online. 
.....so, i should be back up and running (via the laptop) in about a week!  Im currently backing up all my info onto the desktop
@LaughingLeaf Im so proud of my son, still remember lil leaf falling off my branch, making his father proud! 
@william_control  Im trying to win one of your paintings right now on ebay,your very talented 
Im eating yogurt 
man so board. Im going to play guitar hero. 
Im going to my grandma's house 
hello everybody  Im from germany 
@bookieboo Im on aim now because emailing back and forth is time consuming aaand hubby takes the kiddies away on saturdays to gmas 
@DionneSouth 3 days of gadget show wow! Im going tomorrow  you did well for all shows! what times seem best to arrive from what u've seen
Im in love with twitter now 
Im at the river its awesome 
Im feeling very peaceful now that my room is clean and ny hair is cut. I think Im ready for a nap. 
@dcedillo  your very pretty   Im not pretty but thank you.  I would worship you if you got me and mac together. (i sound like a crepper)?
Im obsessed with urban outfitters. their clothes fit just right. 
hi nice to meet you Im edweena callen 
@GravyFloid Im lovin the springtime 
Im tellin jokes with my friends and just chillin. Its nice out. 
Im a little kid again!  At the nickel arcade with joe and his 2 boys 
Im gonna be chilling out today.   sun shining skies blue . I love it xx
Im feeling good today  !
@DearKimmie Im glad it made your day, me following you  oh you mean britney  hehe
I hate school. Im going to petrol bomb it 
Phantastic I love your blog!!!! On blogspot!!!... The venting part got to me.... Im here for you!!!!   Friends before you know what!
Im gonna go and make some rusks  lol, love it xx
Im happy now made a new song it rocks! of to the studio 
@girlambrosia I think I just fell in love with you a whole lot. At the same time, Im absolutely terrified of the world you inhabit 
Im the only one awake in my house... O.o... just hanging on the web 
had a beautiful weekend tbh, Im going to work my ass off to get the grades and to achieve me secret goal, not telling it is its a secret  
Im preparing for a good 80 minutes of rugby and a lovely sunny day  lovely
Going to clean the bedroom and then Im going to start my research paper wish me luck 
Im holding blacky, the racist puppy 
@DVDeMm I think theres been one in every episode so far, Im on episode 13. Its such a good show, I love it 
Yesterday I ate almost nothing because of my stomach virus so now Im going to celebrate my recovery with PANERA 
hi J thanks im new too  no i havent toured denver but will in june i think... Im in utah right now but have a neice in littleton
200 follower issss @BtSEO , thanks for following mee  (also Im gonna announce my ..00 followers) 100,200,300,400,500,600 ...
Im my uncles house. Loads of work still to do. I wanna go to sleep. 
just finished unpacking, doing the laundry, moving my bed around, vaccuming, and folding ALL of my clothes. Im saving up for a new phone! 
going outside soon to practice softball with my neighbors. Im on the school team 
Im starting to loose all of our posts  ...but at the other side...its quick and I find it good....
Im outta gum but with statements like that I can tell you are a very smart man @BLUESBOOGIE  ? http://blip.fm/~4mfls
@oldsoulink  LOL darling you dream so much Im sure he will, we need to get him on twitter frist leave it to me 
@stephenfry Im sure that you will be fine 
@JoshuaDaviesuk You'r gay  hehe Im so immature lol.
i was going to have a boring ham sandwich today but i fancy something really juicy now and going to be naughty! Im feeling very happy  xX
Im going now, got an hour detention after school, see you around 5 
Im going to ateneo tomorrow! I cant wait! 
@mike_lip Im ready..let me know the day 
How is everyone 2day ... Im at college its sooo boring ... at least its a very sunny day very warm  !!!
@ShibariReiss thats awesome  I should be asleep, but Im late night tweeting again lol
@hypnophil ahhh my first ever twitter reply  Im good thanks, should be working but struggling to put the twitter toy down. You? 
Im going to a rave tomorrow to try to cheer myself up 
Im at work. in the bathroom. i literaly spent 5 minutes staring at water dripping from the faucet. im making a documentary. 
@DannysGirlinSFL Awwww! Im sorry but at least shes ok! I will keep her in my prayers 
@Naly_D @sunriseNZ oh Im sure you were worth it- but if so, by who&lt; what about and can I hear the goss? 
Im so proud of my brother!!! He graduated from fire fighter academy at schoolcraft AND won an award! u go boy! 
wow I played rock band for 2 hours hmm ok well im tired so Im going to bed good night 
@iamMGL A little bit under the weather but Im just happy to be alive! 
@WollemiPine ok.. am planning to send the names by direct message on here.. I dont have that many surnames Im researching at the moment 
Im going to con my fiance into putting together a jigsaw puzzle tonight lol.  Its cute full of birdies and butterflies 
@tsarnick Im sure itl be cool.. cant wait to see it mate.. 
omg watched the eps. &amp; they rocked! now Im going 2 sleep so I can wake up too early &amp; wine about y I should've gone to sleep earlier 
Im thinking that's pretty darn cool 
All the screaming and singing at mcfly last sunday has gave me tonsillitis!, well done mcfly! Im officially in pain because of you 
@TryciaP keep it to YOURSELF.  just joshing with you.Im still laying in bed @115pm.What is wrong w me?I must do something productive-pool.
Im at blogthings.com cuz i got boared, hehe, its fun though 
Wishing myself good luck tomorrow cause Im starting a new job ! I'm hoping for the best 
@katyperry Im watching &quot; thinking of you&quot; 
Im very very rude! although it is true! they just lie!  everyone want a little uncle dad dick 
http://twitpic.com/4gtm8 - WOOOOOOOOWHOOOOOO! Im smiling!! see---&gt;  now your turn lol!
@kristarella yeah-which is pretty damn neat-you've been a great help  Im struggling to decide if i should start from scratch or use thesis
Night tweeps! Im off to slumber land.   
@jeschan Im like a pro. I just don't show off my skills cuz D's would be all sad. But trust I'm gonna bring my A game 
Wow, we have a familyof touch screens at home now =P Im getting my nano back  but I won't have the itouch nemore 
@rachelcreative I am begining to think hes a bit of a legend.....and Im a dog person really 
@snedwan Im good thanks tired after goin out last nyt but dont feel to shabby 
Im being bold today! Im taking a day off studying and going shopping with my sister 
Yay! Im getting confirmed at 11 my family is coming and so is richard, pilar, bri, and her mo 
Im sitting on the sofa watching a movie and eating jelly beans 
Its hot today,lol Im going to play football with some friends 
@michaelmontes yes, one's originality often depends in standing on the shoulders of others. i owe huge debts.one might say Im in the red 
@petey916910 aww i love you so much and that made me smile! Im happy 
Im going to take a bath ! , Yeeah tomorrow school but only in the afternoon cool 
Im deleting some programs off my computer so I can create more space for future downloads 
Im riding the toys r us ferris wheel 
Im really dreading school tommrow but I bet it'll be really easy cause where not really doing anything so its all good! 
@heatherhal @txbabes1 @drahardja @auntiestress tks for the rt's   Im glad you enjoy the quotes.
Im sleepy :/ good day yest though  but today sucked, work is terrible. blah
hoping that the scracth-off Im about @ get will bring me plenty of joy 
@ChrisNTeeb we gon be there man. I see you guys are already on the way. Im following!!! 
Im sooo pooped frm today, maybe ill go sleep soon lol 
Im off workkk finally.  im tired. but i probably wont fall asleep until 2 like usual.
@hellivina but ur having a great time, I hope!  Im ok...living. LOL.
Im walking at the track listening to my ipod, realizing that those who matter most are closer now than ever, and that makes me happy 
Im actually laying in bed with a beauty getting ready to relax... shhh dont tell 
Im doing a cause in retail 
YES! Im down to 50% full on my dvr  i was at 98% like 3 days ago... lol I swear if I didnt have a dvr I would never watch tv
dinner was awesome. Im so happy my mom enjoyed her bday  I was able to spoil her yay lol
@TrafficMike irregularly. And Im (half-assedly) working on an essay. by saying half-assedly I really mean not at all. Words not even open 
Im off for a bit...tweeet yall later 
@MrMiistro that's good. Im ok aye!!! a little stressed but fine 
@dizzycoolbabe  Im good ta. bit tired cos i've been wking all wkend but other than that, all good  How's you?
sorry @sanderschenk I misspelled twice already. Im notgiving you up, just have to run  ? http://blip.fm/~5jjxr
@lauraduhaime Im doing great thank you 
going  back to bed  for a  nap, Im starving !!! tty l 
Im fine also..up way to early..lol...soo those r all ur dogs? to kut3 ..i def want a pit! lol 
@imjstsayin Im doing ok.  I have a 15 year old going on 35 that is driving me crazy, but that comes with the territory, I guess.  
Im kinda bored anyone else I think ill listen to some hip hop its pretty good you should check it out www.bseresults.net 
@JackAllTimeLow Im glad you're a lot happier barakitten  &lt;3 see yah in july
Im eating a salad  and rember to comment my new myspace pictures plz? 
Home finally! Im soooo tired and kinda lonely now, blah but w.e I'll cuddle in some blankets and watch a movie by myself  sounds good. Lol
Im liking escape the fate alot tonight.  excited for ESTK      NemoNemesis 
@AClockworkToad Im not getting any treatments, we are just gonna hang out at the pool and the hot tubs. 
@dearsnippie  I never followed him in the first  place!   He is a useless waste of space. and Im not a conservative! LOL
Im so done defending him. Im going to bed and im gonna give my mom a happy mothers day.  at least ill try.
Im free at last, tomorrow I get to remember what Sundays look like 
@osulop I didnt mind the movie myself, may be because Im not that big a fangirl myself 
@CeeCeeJayez episode 17 season 1, i love chuck bass.  who's going to the short stack filming next sat? Im making a flag. ;D
@irishpixie36 ok Im off to pc world then  x x tweet u later x x lol
@Im_PreOprah thank you so much Sean!!!  You got dibs on the first to wish me a happy moms day 
Im glad my mum loved her pressie and enjoyed her mothers day 
Im enjoying the beautiful sunshine 
Wow, I really don't have a clue how to use this haha. But im following all the people I like so Im happy 
Im new to this whole shin-dig twitting thing,help me out and follow!!  
Hoping my mom has food ready. Im starving! 
Im getting married lol, well not soon mayb in like 15 yrs. But i found the groom already 
I'm a HoV fan .... he hates HoV ..... And Im ok with that .... LoL  
Now Im relaxing&amp;working on some homework hit me up if you wanna talk 
I havent wore chuck taylor shoes in years let alone for 12 hours straight! They were tiering! Im sticking with Vans 
you are tweeting at the same time hehe i got this message in twitter  Im not worried about thi... http://kutano.us/b2f
Im enjoying my caffeine fix 
@sarahgettinger me 2! I'm so glad Im tweeting you while your sitting a foot away haha the best part of that sentence is your a foot away 
If Im not on tomorrow I said happy bday just in case 
Im so sleepy so im off to dream land good night twitter!! 
Im keeping the faith that i WILL meet them one day!!! 
@magdalena90210 oh ok  makes sense. well if u ever need help with a lyric or production I can be of some assistance. Im also an artist.
my hair is in its loose curls today with a gangstuurr hat...Im rockin' it for the first time 
O Im off 2day  tweetly diddle dooo!!!
@melissa_snow LOL: 1 month...like,forever!!! thanks for following me! now Im following YOU! 
#wheniruletheworld Im gonna #fixreplies #GetPembsDaveAJob on #creditcrunchtv watch #startrek and support #maternalhealth thats #whyitweet 
Im just about to collect my new car - cant wait!! 
@McAdamBach yo! Im about to go to orthodontist! wish me luck!  have a nice hair cut!  LOL! love youuuu 
Yay. Im at 3pm at home ;-) 1 hour earlier at home 
I think today is gonna be good. Im not tired at all! 
@pattyhuntington . oh yeah of course. not enough americans interested in what we do i guess. me , Im all about  astro-mike right now 
@its_dee  Im okay =]  what's your job about?
@mitch411 used to be cool?  yea... Im sure.  
@unbeliever008 aww u said Im sweet thanks 
Im pooped pumped and planing after a dip and dots dough and dangling day 
@hi_sarah hahaha you should! We bonded this weekend.  Im sure they will come around.
Im now watching &quot;the perfect man&quot;. 
is sooo bored. Im watching the american idol marathon... 
Im in love with that girl 
@Sexyjoy386 Im awake now sweety 
Im so excited! @allyeska and her bf @nathanaelb are moving into a house! i will own 3 houses soon! 
Sleeeep time! I'm home early and Im feeling good.  goodnight!
fuck you, and your games. Im trying something new, and this time Im ready for it 
@suzi98babe Im doing fine, just here at work, about to leave soon after working a 16  hour shift, have some coffee 
This day is going to great.. Im going to the boy later  its a date 
@ddlovato hi nighthawk. Im such a fan 
@zaneology awww yeah I tried, Im glad y'all had fun! you guys party hard! like you said : aint no party like a zane party 
@jbuff5clock Im great boston  saw the sun today..yeh...lol.. hows you?
@itshannahtime Im with you there actually.  I follow mark hoppus and I feel like I actually know the guy!  
Im back home, we were at a cooking camp. 
Im watching twilight again... got some nice presents for my birthday today  yay
@FlyingPhotog cool, what stream is it? Pentacostel? Im in a evangelic church in the netherlands 
Im in desperate need if an iced caramel macchiato with soy milk and sugar free syrup 
Just read 25 things to do on a elevator (again) :L:L hillarious!!  Im gonna do the last one about socks! 
This is a good song  boom boom pow. Im so 3008 your so 2000 at late.
Im looking forward to ruths chris tonite in celebration of successfully completing one year of marriage to @kcscrawford... 
@dahveeed. Im heading out your way later! We should meet up! 
@kst8er76 When driveday comes,OHMY! short vers.ear infectionS gone bad(real bad)w diabetes complications,it's been a battle. Im winning 
Im so in love with monkey. 
Im about to watch the new startrek movie with my dad! 
@YaraQ8 loool did u recieve it  Im so happy i could bake u a cake o send it to u now 
Im just ina simp'n kinda mood that's all 
one week till im out the beginning of a new found independence...On another note Im giving u what u want..my motto for 09 no looking back 
@raquel1989 I hope you sleep good tonight. Im sorry about the earthquake ill stop walking 
Im so going to hook up my rooftop with some twinkling lights and a fire pit... 
@Ddlovato i know wat u mean... Im going through the same exact thing, just hang in there. 
Dating is fun, Im liking my options!  Im oh so happy!
Im watching the mighty boosh live dvd 
Yay! Im final on the famous twitter..I have given in to the twitter world.. 
exams are annoying.I hate revising...german is disgusting! english/drama was good, music should also be fine. Im off to make tea  x
@himynameisrose aww, dw.. Im sure itll be on air loads more now! 
@hanaames its alright ill do a retake in the summer  Im too much of a stoner to be in uni lol
@greekstroll LOL...did I miss something? Im always late huh? 
@Djalfy Im not so bad thanks, a bit bored and no motivation as usual but apart from that Im alive and kicking lol! You ok? 
def, check out the few photos I took yesterday on my flickr, its almost as if I know what Im doing.  http://is.gd/AJbH
@GothixHalo he's not been well  but he's doing dishes and other such. Im just picking up a bit 
@Geeno33 only playing with ya ... Im a saint 
Im following celebs via celebs profiles  theyre more likely to actually belong to the correct celebs
@punchdouble No I choose 2 wake up early... I had 7 hours sleep  Im being productive
This week Im planning on saving $25 on making my own lunch 
@rosie_rage Im gooooooooood thanks sunshine! you?  xx
These google server errors are really starting to piss me off.  Im becoming much to dependent on technology... 
@RicRaftis o.k. will try for tomorrow night as Im about to hit the cot 
Im working all night long .... 
I just woke up. Im staying home with adam. 
@MonteCarloSS2k i am, talking to a lot of ppl to change it! Im sure ill wing it, thanks 
trying to figure out all this twitter mumbo jumbo!! Im a newby 
@TEPtracks All day every day!~ I've been uber busy with a different project, Im finally got time to do music 
Im awake!! And feeling alot better. No to prep for tonight 
Im working away, roll on home time 
@vickytcobra aww get better soon! Whats up? Im coming to see u all tonight in manchester, cannot wait  hope ur feeling better by then! xo
Im preparing myself to have a great weekend and planning my activities with my sister.. 
yay. its my friends birthday tomorrow. Im making him a card. 
Im off to bed I gotta get some rest..I got a bunch of planning and phone calls to make! Im so excited.. 
ooofffuhhhh.Im staying up and the sky is light blue  soon I wont have to sleeppppppp ImFREAKINGout*
Im in college atm doing work. 
@RachieAnne101 haha finally took the plunge and decided to get on twitter! yay!  Im guessing you had a hard time finding a screen name 
Im thinking that Im going to hurt for a couple days after starting a workout routine - but damn Im gonna be lookin good soon - 
Morning, Im going for a haircut now  I really do need it! I still have nothing planned for after however...
@kriswilliams81 hey! I just watched 21 and saw you in it! Im a huge fan of yours 
Heyhey everyone!  soo happy to be sitting here on my couch. Im a semi-free bird now.soon to be a total one.That means..movie night!!!!! ;)
@DukeOfGaGa nah. U know what Im not bothered and ur parents might get mad! I'll let u figure it out 
Im stoked on life right now, and it has absolutely nothing to do with my x. 
@mel95 Thanks   Im happy that theres people who are helpful and nice like you.  One day i shall acknowledge everyone who has been helpful!
Im exciiiitttteeeed  todays gonna be a good day.
So hard to decide who to include! Im basing it on how often people post and whether theyd probably like to be mentioned etc 
@BaileyBeth Im really good, back in hereford today and yesterday for my sisters birthday, I'll make sure we catch up soon! 
@adrenalynntoao Im sure you`ll be fine 
So Im giving the baby the bottle and he takes it out of his mouth looks at me and just smiles...talk about a goodmorning 
cruise mentality is on high!!!!!! Im going to work it out!! 
Im sooo excited about our fishing trip tomorrow! Is going to be so much fun!!! 
@sarah_screaming i love duckies  dude i have to sit in this damn doctors lobby for three hours all a lone. Im so bored already.
@prgrmer1 lol it wasnt me tho!! Im super careful wit my iphone!!! 
@shelleyjames And if you play on after the siren, thats the end of the game? Im not sure, just a thought 
Im determined tohave a good day. I hope everyone else does too! 
I got a 109 on my trig/advanced algebra exam! Im a badd mutha shut yo mouth 
I feel bad for begging for rain. And then i dont... Im at the visitor center today, stop by. 
it's raining outside today ... how about a cup of hot chocolate? anyone? Im ready ... 
Im in bed nice and cozy good nighters! p.s. bobby!!! i agree crocs are wack.  Rinacee
Im so much in love with girlfriend. She's the sweetest girl ever, surprising me at work. 
Im talking nerdy with an old friend  
Who was it with? relyT? Haha and Im guessing by &quot;Does anyone have any prayer requests?&quot; that your asking me... 
@wentworthmiller ...Im pretty cool ya know.. 
@Stimpdawg Im fine  I haven't seen you for a long time.
@jamielillywhite Im not sure, I was this morning though...hangover 
@maxlagos doing pretty good! I have the day off tomorrow and Im looking forward to it... I have no plans!!  You??
Im in the best mood right now. Its gonna take a lot to ruin it now.  
@benlimphoto iv had too much fast food this past 2 weeks. Im wanting something chinese!! 
Im not finish my book yet! &amp; is for tomorrow at 7 am! u.u Anyone help me pleasee!? 
Im pretty sure i have the best big brother in the history of big brothers, and everyone should be jealous 
@mitchjoel - Im sure you'll make it back in time, great to meet you last night 
@TXTBOOK93 Im not trying to replace you...you are my hubby for life! 
I think Im going to bed... tty tomorrow boiz and gurlz 
Im fascinated on these girls atm  : http://bit.ly/qtGEo
Im graduating from high school today! 
Im trying 2 get some sleep but I have 2 update 1st. 
Im now resting in my hotel room. gota get up at 6. Lets see what tomorrow brings. I mean today 
Morning. Im soo glad its sunny today makes me smile  tweet tweet..
@jimmytoriola What a greeting!  Im doing wonderful hon, and you?
Im still studying and nothing is making sense. I got my yearbook  u should sign it
just did a ton of dishes.  It took me an hour to wash and dry...  Im proud of myself.  
@ddlovato So excited ! Im sure it's gonna be soooo good 
@rbrtpttnsn Can you please comment me so I know that Im TWITTING right!!! I'm not sure if you are receiving my comments.. 
Im going to bed I hope I get a call in the morning 
Im gonna move to another house this week 
@dirty_brown i saw mario and sam at the theater tonight. It was cute, sam said hi to me. Im glad you had a nice evening too 
