Most common words for this cluster:
[('im', 399), ('na', 68), ('gon', 45), ('day', 38), ('amp', 31), ('lol', 25), ('sorry', 21), ('today', 21), ('u', 20), ('school', 17), ('work', 17), ('miss', 17)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Im', 0.999709963798523), (u'im', 0.7692452073097229), (u'Iam', 0.7018508315086365), (u"'m", 0.667147696018219), (u"I'am", 0.6504396796226501), (u'youre', 0.6441596150398254), (u'lol', 0.6368994116783142), (u'Ok', 0.6248453855514526), (u'hes', 0.620654821395874), (u'i', 0.6132739782333374)]





@charliehedges Im glad your having a good second day off- i've spent my 2nd day having to do the garden  too many bugs-not my style!
@KimKardashian tell ppl 2 folo me2 plz! I'm new also n love u. I'll do nethin plzzz! Im follown both of ur friends. 
 cant drive yet but that dont matter Im gonna learn bout cars and motorbikes.
Im at moms job right now. So bored,she is working. Im using internet... Blah! I wanna eat.  we gonna go home after 15min. yayy. (:
@SukaAndSpice no not really Im already on senior level, like Im the boss after the designer. Small company. Its just not creative enough 
@hotpatootie Have you got a busy day today? Im going to be stuck infront of my laptop all day doing my last piece of coursework b4 exams 
honestly I may Not make it to Queen for a day. Im sorry. I forgot until I saw  a twitter for it from @kimber1y  Im sorry.
@Joeymcintyre where oh where has our joey joe gone oh where oh where can he be? Lol j/k I love ya tweet or not! Im just sitting at work 
Im so afraid of 2 things: tht ill nvr see catherine again, &amp; tht it will nvr b like today w/ honor society again after the world tour. 
http://twitpic.com/4guyp - Im gettin these next week or the red, green and black ones...mall didn't have my size today 
Im having a few drinks with my one and only &lt;3 Im missing my Talhia 
Im so drunk.i punish myself,i luv drinkin n hate workin but thats my life thats all i do  any1 feel the same let ne no!!!
Thanks to everybody that did #ff. I was outta commission for a few days but Im back! ... but Im not wireless...   but I got Ethernet!
Im almost home to my sweet bed hmmmm k ricoo i want MOFONGO cali aint got no places thats serve it  sucks
@la_revanche: idk if i can come today  Im going to church and breakfast w/ my grandma &amp; we'll get out after noon &amp; i dont have a ride
@MelissaLev hahaha thanks chica ;) Im going to deposit cans &amp; buy lunch! how lame my life has turned out to be 
@jacobsingleton  i cant have it. Im to cute to turn into a swine. Im vegan. Haha. Jk.
@fatbellybella girl I didnt find it yet...Im tryna think where the hell I put it!!... 
This is by far the weirdest movie Ive ever seen.  Im in it for the kids though.  No need to drug babies 
@BkBap oh okay, thats good. Im offically doing the end of the school year countdown  it ends on the 22nd
@ecctv That hack kinda ruins the purpose of the game imo, Im disappointed in you, my fellow conan lover 
@MeganPSHouston I was downstairs in the section by the dance floor.  Im soo sorry I missed ya   
@ada1276 I dropped the box on my toe,hurt!Now my wrist is already bruising&amp;my thumb is purple  Im gonna put ice on it, hopefully it helps!
@mandiiurie I do have many reasons. I may not like her but ill always gonna love her just cause she's my mom. Im sorry about your mom 
@LolaAM What ????Im gonna cuss that loser out !!!! I was sooo gonna get one  Ah well I like my BB, Im used to it but the iphone is cool
Im going to miss all you cwru kids, new and old.  forget goodbyes. More like see you later, yes!
@d33pak You shouldn't fret cos thats about the only decent flick we have right now! thanks to multiplex strike!  Im craving 4 good movies
My dry cough is now not so dry. Im getting sick  doesn't my body know i dont have time to be sick?! And its raining. 2day is depressing.
wonderfull weather...and Im working  Atleast Im working outside!
Im really gonna miss bella being gone from 7 til 3 every day and we cant talk at noon every day  farmgirl@&lt;3
I miss my baby @AntwanB83 I cant sleep but im really tired  this cant be good ugh! Im gonna be a mess tomorrow!
@RajaSen *whisper* what song is that? Im on my cell &amp; i can't switch on the pc until mum's convinced m gud enuf 2 sit on d comp 
Finish gym abt half n hour ago, but mom is still in new york, doing facial. Anyone in midvalley right now?? Im bored 
Like this song..want to take a ride on your disco stick..but Im scared she's going to skewer 1 of the dancers with her toilet brush stick 
Im sad today because I have to bring my foster puppy back to the shelter tommorow... I heart him. I hope he finds a loving forever home 
Im kinda sick of my htc.... wanna get me some new smartphone.... but no money 
Im glad I did not have a wallet in my pocket last night when I stage dove on the last song..I knew I felt a fan stealing my phone  SUCKS!
Im wondering whats going to happen at school tomorrow. I have a weight training 1 rep max test that im not ready for 
Im liking this new something with numbers song. and hating on the fact i have gym in fifteen minutes! my toe hurts 
Im a lab supervising optical dispenser. Ive been out the lab a week and it shows. 
@CarlaMeow_xo Im bored too  imma punch my cxomputer in the face thugh, cause some scam virus thing keeps popping up  tears!
Im worried for my wonderful friend Helen who has told me she has got an addiction. Im hoping she can pull through this tough time 
Im coming to terms with not having tickets for tomorrow  and Ive just made choc crispy cakes!
Looks like the cavs are in trouble!  Im a lebron fan so im hoping they pull off the miracle and get back to the finals.
Im in soo much pain cant take it no longer....need some chips and salsa  2 much baby mamma drama take that shit sumwhere else.. kisses
home a bit tired, someones trying to spread another bad rumor about me  (bad lady) Im sure da eye in the sky in always watching
@TraceCyrus oh yeah and have a nice time in japan! Im really annoyed that the tickets for shepards bush are sold out  xxx
@Iwantmynameback  no music  wont work but Im gonna try something else :0
 today is the day!! Last school day!  i have my costume on and ready, but i am a bit saddd.. Im gonna miss you guys so so so much!!
@kirstiealley  I need ur support &amp; cheers,gonna start healthy diet  &amp; start training to run after 10 yrs and  70 lbs to loose.  Im scared 
@thawrite1 oh you and @mdotperiod had free drinks?! thats wasup..Im givin up drinkin for a lil bit 
I need something t do like hello... Im fucking bored now.  um... yeh...
@iamdiddy I need a hug cuz these garbage truck men keep driving next to me whistling and Im working too hard 2 graduate... 
@epiphanygirl man i missed it!! Ive been waitn all day 4 u 2 giv the tix away &amp; then whn im rappn up @ wrk u gav my tix away! Im sad! 
Im stuffed, Ive been eating junk all day! 
@mitchelmusso Wish I could speak to you but Im from the UK and Im working 
@ce_ci Im not reasonable... It's 1:35am now and gotta wake up early tomorrow on my first day of holidays!  have a great evening!
Im not doing the hunt, i was in the middle of making it but all my work got erased  sry guys, now i look like a idiot for replying 2 all u
@annettestarbuck heck yea that beats traffic!  Im on the stinkin toll road (paying to sit in traffic, nice) no milkshakes out here 
Im bumbed though cuz ima miss da laker game        |double sad face|
Im so angry! Im gunna cry again! Someone txt me!  1714-457-7893
Im going to bed. Ive had enough. 
Im tired so if anyone havin live blog gonna miss it 
Im feeling numb yet vulnerable.but i have 2 stay focus.at least for a day.. I need a moment alone yet my friends 2 be here 
@MrsDDoubleU aww I think I know what ur talkin about. Im sorry honey  u wanna go home &amp; talk?
@tomchill yeah Im feeling the agony this morning ..  worked it out on google earth and it was 54 miles round trip - kinda disapointing
Im hearing noises I'm hearing noises omg  Im not even kidding right now I'm really really scared for some reason. SAAAVE ME.
Im eating all my stock of chocolates and staying in bed during all the day! nah think im kinda down in myself... 
@maleekberry yeh mate im gonna hound him next time he is online. Im tryna up my twit game i only on 42 followers 
im gonna eat breakfast with my family. Im gonna miss my aunt when she leaves tomorrow. 
@AdamGoldston Im tryna get used to this &quot;twitter&quot; LOL I still don't know how to upload a pic. LOL sorry 
well, Im home now... &amp; dont think that this day will get any better  i wish I could just sleep right through it &amp; wake up 2 a bad dream...
Im either coming down with a flu or Ive sung too hard and fucked up my throat 
Im super de-duper happy with my love &amp;&amp; cant help myself...hes the most amazing man Ive ever met &amp;&amp; I miss the boys already 
@eardrums Id love to be able to carry off such a good song. Yeh Im doing bits here and there but Im struggling to complete things 
ok just woke up, Im hungover like craaaaazy shouldn't have drank a 12 pack b4 I went to sleep this morning  and only 5 hrs of sleep
At maries! I havent done my hair in forever. Someone bring me a drink yo! Im thirsty. 
Im gone to sleep! I have 5 hours b4 I need 2 wake up 4 work..  so night night 4 me &amp; continue 4 wonderful day 4 all of my sweet twitts &lt;3
@nina_oliver its out of my control dear sister.. Im not driving  im dyin ova here! Lol
Im weak..i wish he would show up for a little bit. Im hurt and omg..5 min is all i asked for  i swear im fucked. Please omfg
Im so tired, and I have a big headache  But Im happy cause I went to Bruno's birthday and that was so great  good night
Im gonna miss u like a child misses their blanket but I gotta get a move on w/my life..its time 2 be a big girl now n big girls dont cry 
Im startin 2 get kinda freaked out being here bymyself...every little spooks the shit outta me...eek! But i dnt hav nowhere else 2 go.. 
@KYLESAYS Im so sorry my brother needed me! I missed you &amp; I was super sad  Im sorry. I talkd to ya briefly feel so bad. Please forgive me
@evil_sin ur going to make out wit one of my friends?  Im sorry, i'll never cheat on u again!
period..period..period..I dont know if I should be hapi but I cant help but cry like a baby  Im so sticky &amp; stinky &amp; I wanna die now! RILI
@Kellyox5 of course! im so excited! but its so sad that lauren wont be on anymore  and monday night Im a celeb get me out of here starts!
last ever life &amp; cooking..  think Im gunna cry..
@tunedtochords ugh.sucks u woke up so early  hahaha haven't filed dogs nails in uh, ever? I know Im a bad dog owner
Just introduced myself to one of the organizers &amp; said blah blah blah. Im pretty sure thats how it sounded #fail 
Maybe all that wine, pizza, and cupcakes last night wasn't a good idea....Im having the worst stomach pains today 
just got ready to go overr. Im sooooo excited for hills finale and mtv awards! the show wont be the same without lauren 
Im gonna have to get my sorry sunburnt self to bed i start my summer job tomo at 6 not that ill sleep that is 
Im so sorry, But my stupid phone deleted the song &amp; dejas phone did too! Im so upset  That was so personal to me &amp; took  *Its u&amp;me 4eva*
@soapboxteacher Im stuck at work not watching.  Any drama of crazy shit goin on?!
Im dying  im gonna drink over 9000 gallons of water when i get home and sit in front of the fan mmmm
@iheartjenny bb como te fue anoche ? .. &amp; Im sorry I was just worried  looking out for youuu xo
@NeNeBrack buh bye ne ne...  Im leavin 2day! ooh n cute fit yesterday! via. twitpic. 2 thumbs up. lol
alright been out in the sun nearly all day its far too hot for me now haha Im sweating like a pig not nice haha and am all burnt ouch 
Im hungry.Im tired.Im hurt.Im mad.Im sad....Im alot of emotions! Well being hungry isnt an emotion... But yeah. i need @shawnasays 
 sad moment i just remembered my freakin school is closin this year. Im gonna miss u guys!!! I love u all! &lt;3
Eating Lunch: according to P90x nutrition plan . . . I can't eat this much protein in one sitting :s Im gonna be sick&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
@Dits awwwww fraid my poo puter won't run it  Im gonna have to trust you bout the good bits - still underwhelmed but hopeful lol
@YANICAKES nothing at all   been at the stinkin hosp for days.  Im bored outta my mind!
@KungFused Lol Wish I wudve gotten ur message like 3 mins ago!Im done eatin now  If I eat my fruit cocktail l8r Im implemntin ur plan!
At the doctors for the second time &amp; this time for a differnt reason. Im getting a shot for the first time in a long timee. 
I think everybody is gone  Im going to watch So u think u can dance? :: read u tomorrow take care xoxo I didn't find part2 of Brians video
Im pissed booked my flight for june 10th til the 24th for pr &amp; totally forgot about the pr parade on the 14th  now I gotta change my flite
@MadamQ oh god yes! Im wanting a bra and girdle set for my pinup photos... but they dont seem to sell the one i want anymore 
Im really really hungry,  im just eating an apple now and crying on ethan's shirt and later calling someone, wow im going to be nuts 
ok? not a lot to say  Im not liking this weather!!! its too hot. 12 degrees is perfect not 20 something! grrhhh
Im sooo hungry... i want burger king... ugh... gotta wait til the other receptionist comes back... 
@Zozoeex oh wow!! thats soo cool, lucky you! Im home cuz ive got a cold again  hehe yeh just under 12hrs yayy
Im sick now for sure.  I feel hot, I got a headache and a dry cough. And Im hating my English teacher more and more everyday. 
Wheres the sun gone???.....  Im focused ths morning....Ive had my weetabix!!!
@DMFoto Haha luckily im not burnt now. Im more tanned! dont think u will burn today tho..its getting dullish. 
Im friggin starvin!!! I'd give up my drawers rite now for some curry chicken, brown rice with cabbage and mac n cheese. 
Im new to this and cant find anyone   anyways im gonna go lay down cause I think my kids gave me their virus so im feeling aggh!
@frak i cant see yr twitpic, post a link pls? Im using my mobile and am kinda limited. 
@LisaTayl Congrats to your daughter! Im sooo sad...my best friends son graduates at noon 2day&amp; cant leave work cause been out sick all wk 
What the freak yo!!! I dont fuck wit thunder n lightin like this...Im kinda scared 
Im at the DPS getting my I.D. Im numba 1 they on number 169   its gonna be a long day
Hmmm, Does anybody wanna go out with me 2nite? Im bored! *sigh* Im only TGIF'n cuz Im alive! Oda than that! Im lonely! 
Painting my toe nails. Then my moms gonna do my hair. I cant believe i graduate tomorrow. Im gonna be a mess 
@dani_shae oh you dont even know. Im sorry you had a bad day at work   
@StewartKris Im so sorry Kristen I got hacked too but not my twitter,was my email account and facebook  Im so tired :@
Just finished talkin to my mom for like 3 hrs. Im goin to really miss my family once im bak n dallas for good 
@twally I think Im getting sick too D: Ive been all runny nosed and headacheyy 
@twally I think Im getting sick too D: Ive been all runny nosed and headacheyy  But Im glad youre feeling better!
Goodmornin twitterbugs! Im on my way to work my honey boo is on his way home to see da fam n etc 
Im realy Sik 
this is cliodhna using dad's page, cant believe theres no sunshine sister  Im loving this twitter Ive added everyone on dads page lol xxxx
&quot;  Im going to try to find pictures of the X-factor tour  ,, i know i have loads but ;;;;;; i just  can't find them for some reason   &quot;
@tatr16 ; oh dang girl Im sorry! hope it's better today. my first day of work went well.. now IMa about to have to leave to babysit 
@courtneyclark im sorry!! Im stuck in statesboro for the weekend because my sisters cat has to have surgery  lame excuse i know but sa ...
@camikaos Im sorry guys but I cant go tonight for the pie contest.... kid and wife are sick...bad chicken   it has been a bad day
I feel sick     I don't wanna get sick at last week of school!!!!!!!! Im sad and I feel bad cuz I'm sick!!.......................waa
@CaroTheNyx calling me that was so not the right thing to say to me !!!!!!!   if you only knew. Im watchin gossip girl n u logged out.
Im soo proud of my magggiemoo! Sang full house at shorebirds stadium with no mess ups! Wish i couldve been there. 
Hells Bells Im ashamed of my Tweetstats Ive said LOL 854 times &lt;the shame&gt; 
Im suprisingly tired considering i slept on and off til 2pm (i didnt go to bed til 9am). This is good cuz i gotta wake up at 5:45am  
All work and no play made jack a dull boy but for me its the other way around. Im soooooo borrred!! 
no prob...happens to the best of us at times lol @Djalfy Im surprising my self with my bitchiness today sorry everyone.. 
Im wide awake homie... They always had the tendency to sleep on me   ima wake em up though...watch!
Im thinkin,, wots the point of me havin twitter when no1 ever talks 2 me,,, or replies 2 anythin i write 2 them    ?????????
@chulafrbk y da hell didn't nobody acknowledge me in dat &quot;love in tha club&quot; thread. Im extremely hurt. 
in keeping with brit tradition, have wandered round in the sun all day and now Im burnt red like a lobster, what a plonker 
Feeling like shit and wish I had some1 2 talk 2. Its only been a week since classes ended and Im already having a breakdown coz so lonely 
@StupidMe_x Its not good paddy !!  Hiy 9 days !!!!  Im gonna be goin wild :L i cant wait ! 
Im goin to cry im goin to cry om goin to cry !!  (yn)
@emmahaley Im not in school im home im not coming until 4th period gotta finish higgins paper sorry 
hey! what happend to me! Im eating continuous! pastry,apple pie,hamburger,fried potatoes and macaroni!!!!  no chance AHHH! 
Im extremely disappointed with the mikey show.....you cant go if youre under 21...damn my 20 year oldness. That just killed my mood 
@rosscopping HAHA ict catchup session = Fail.  Im shit bored, I have a migrane  and Im waiting for my new o2 blackberry sim to arrive 
@cameronrawson Im unable to login to the FTP it says password authentication failed  Im probs doing sumthing wrong but if not needs fixin
Long(short in reality) day. Im glad Philipe let me go home early. Im so fricken tired. Six days in a row 
@nicolelmcc hahahahaha.....lol. Its okay Im just moping. Not really in the mood for anything anyways. 
3.15am &amp; Im wondering why I'm still single  i know i'm no megan fox but seriously, how come so many tracksuit clad muffin butts arnt singl
Wish i had my i love lucy dvd here at my moms  Im in the mood to laugh, i luv oldies music, movies, and tv shows... &quot;luuuucy&quot; lOl
This is turning into a not so good night..im hanging by a thread.. Im gonna miss him..WTF is going on in my dang head... 
encoding, texting, listening music, reading blogs Im sorry for all the mistakes I've done!   kalagot au ka kuya kO!
Im on a complaint ramapge!! FUCKKK work in the morning, and to top it off I gotta come in extra early cus of some elem. school fieldtrip! 
#True Tuesdays: I wish I had a fck buddy on the side cause my man aint hittin it right.  Im sad.
Im feeling sick and miserable my stom,ach is going to diee!! Oreinteering was not healthy for it  Anywayy school tommorrow is a maybe (n)
Heart break &amp; lollipops, love comes and goes but lollipop sticks to paper more than words. Im sorry for the trouble i caused 
just ate me a bagel.....mmm mmm good!  I need to catch up on so much stuff, but Im just so tired  lol, whats a girl to do?
Today my shower head died. Im very sad because now i gotta buy a new one  them things arent cheap either
Im bored at home..cant wait to be in america i gotta wait 3more months damn it 
Im backkkk!!! Im online, trying to find a damn job  Where they all at? SMH
Im in town when the CMA's are in town for once!! Im just not in the arena.  lol
Im not a toy you can put on a shelf and play with whenever you want? Im a REAL boy 
This sucks  and im bored. Im just watching TV. And im super duper sad! Hawwww I wish we was atleast friends still ugh.  so things co ...
hey twitter fam...sorry i been ghost for a few..my app on my iphone is crap. how everyone been? Im sad about my magic  but ill be aight
You can call me Im cool but its a simple fact &quot;i've got your back!&quot;..I wish i had best friends.. That will hold my back when im down.. 
I'm up too early &amp; I'm still sick as hell  I gotta go to work though. I dont think Im gonna make it 6 whole hours...I think I got da flu
is feeling alright I may have to take my 5 hour feel a lil sleepy but we will c...need more friends on here or Im gonna have to retire 
Im still working on videos!! Im SOO tired 
@KayluvsChrisM Im coming to school if Im better, but might not happen if im sick  Sick because you never gave me chocolate :|
Im gonna take a nap when my ipod dies lol it only has 10% of battery left, mann &amp; i wanted to keel playin tap tap 
Im not gana play tho, my body cnt handle anymore abuse...  lol
is sad Im not seeing SBR this wknd 
Im sick of not sleeping and im sick of whatever this fkd under eyes infection/rash. Its been over a wk, puffy n itchy 
@gdauthority Im not flying or driving , im just DYING cuz Im not seeing them 
Im at work for another 3 hours gow am i gon get thru it  lol so shouldnt of stayed up waitin on the iphone update cuz im fadin fast!!
@blondie2015 Im goin 2morrow not 5 but have 5* friday!!! cant give dvd will have 2 give 2 staff  I'll tell him b/c I also 4got 2 tell him.
Im gonna miss my husband E! Cant believe Im moving and leaving my daddy 
@Kybabe: Im serious right? It just sucks that i cant workout thats all  as soon as im good im on that pavement breakin a sweat  lol
@breckpetekaren Not a big winter fan. the reason im still here- love the heat (&amp; job)but missing my nephews grow up  Im torn and stuck
scratch that day at th beach, Im gna get a cple hrs of sleep then rush my poor dog 2 the emergency vet 
@JeepersMedia shave hairy pits -slapping harry potter- shiney happy people-  I have bronchitis, this is the best I can do for now Im sick 
Im basicly scared out of my fucking mind right now, hearing strange shit in this school by myself cutting shit  fuckk
The polar bear exhibit is still closed?   Why do I feel the need to express my every random thought on twitter?Im aware that no one cares.
Im going thru heavy withdrawl!! I miss him so much  I Hope Im doing this shit for real reason :_(
Im just recovering from pain! as my cousin bit my hand, shoulder and finger, pulled my hair and punched me a lot! 
@ExtremeGamer Im glad you like it.  Usually when you like a game I like it. I gotta wait till later tonight to download it though 
Why is it that Im on a strict plan, mass water consumption, veggies, yoga, an everyone seems to be eating donuts an subs today.. 
Im in the mood for something sweet, like a chocolate chip cookie or a brownie with ice cream. But aint nothing like that at my house 
Im in the mood for something sweet, like a chocolate chip cookie or a brownie with ice cream. But aint nothing like that at my house 
Why no1 wants talk 2 me.   Im sad..so sad...Im gonna take a shower with DEW.
ok I officially hate being home alone, Im hearing clocks ticking, my heart pounding, weird noises I've never heard in this house before 
I'm falling apart! I have a broken toe, a bruise the size of a grapefruit on my right arm, a pulled muscle in my left, &amp; Im breaking out! 
Im awake gah- need to go get dressed + get money out before my drivng lesson at 10.30 
Im havin a damn hard time fallin asleep, yet again...I can only wonder why 
everyone follow me! @princesslg party at my house tonight! And my pretty lil 2 year old is leaving me for the whole weekend!  Im a lil sad
Im not lookin forward ta later taday cuz i have ta go ta the dr and find out wats wrong with ma throt cuz its sore and red 
Leea had her first sleepover with me and it lasted two days and Im staying at her tonight, shes been crying all day cuz Im leaving  &lt;3
Just realized its 1:30 and Im about to go into this closing for an hour, and all I have eaten toady is two mini twix bars... Im HUNGRY 
@miss_tatyy Im gooood! Aren't you coming down this summer to see everyone? Im so disappointed my trip never worked out 
Im soo tired and idk y , i slep since i came hime from school  gonna go get a shower now brb
@sup_ashley yeah hopefully I'll be there for the cooler things  thanks though&lt;3 I'm fine Im just having a bad day so i'm already all blahh
@ChrisEfs Aww poor you keep warm.Im fine thanks glad its fri. Oh lucky u Im gonna have to wait till nxt year to go away  xx
@kianne_13 oh, poor ya  .. Im great, just lil bit tired after finished my final exam week...haha
Im feeling a bit under the weather lately  hope i get better soon cause Theres no way i can study good feeling like this ;)
my grandma fell on the sidewalk 2day and chipped her tooth  yall no Im a gma boi so u im bein a big baby rite now LOL
ok people well Im getting ready for work yeah *rolls eyes* its fricken raining and I dont wanna go 
Im hungry as hell!!! im prolly finna eat sum damn ramon noodles (however you spell that shit)!!! 
@jaesynth http://twitpic.com/7ugrl - wow dat shit looks like fun...  and Im hea sittin in rainy germany duhh
@tomgreen558 wth! i thought you were gonna be in tampa tonight  im in largo for a fathers day get-together today. Im sad im gonna miss you
@bridgetem Cold pizza for breakfast? Im jealous!! Im having yogurt  
@qualitycomics coz Im fucking depressed. I hate working in a supa market + dnt wanna do that the rest of my life!  please give me a chance
A message from the bus to belgium! Im excite&amp;nervous im gonna miss my mum &amp; family sooo much  x.x.x
@JohnnyAgs oh papa pls protect ur dear son, circ is not necessary Im sure he wont want to be cut  pls watch this http://tinyurl.com/dmaj9k
Im at my boys wedding and theres nobody here to talk to   &quot;Im TAKEN&quot;
Im on twitter and i noticed alot of like auto sex things folowed me :S can i get some real followers to even the ratio??! 
My one week vacation official ends this sunday!  Im gonna see u in a bit for taaacos!!!
aaaaaarggggggggg:@ Im pissed! My older brother and his friends are yelling! and Im trying to call my little brother! I miss him so much 
@theBrandiCyrus Ha Im tryin 2take my nail polish off 2 but Im babysitting an cant find the nail polish remover in their house!! 
Im very proud of myself right now. I just packed my suitcase (so Im not in a hurry tomorrow night before leaving Mon  ) &amp; I got it closed!
I Can not go to concert @ddlovato  Im so sad, Im flying to Texas right now!
i'll miss u who am I gonna get to talk to when no one is around you are like my little best friend Im gonna be so bottled up when ur gone 
WTF got to be at work in 20 minutes, and I'm tweeting, oh well, weather looks bad  Im stuck doing the waitering today  with neil washing
Im on diet! My goddd Im growing fat now 
Im sad cuz my phone wont work while Im out @ the sea. What am I suppose to do? Im gonna feel naked. I already know it. Twitty or email me 
OMG! Im leaving today!!! Im happy but sad cause im gonna miss my friends for 3 weeks!!!!!!! And im gonna miss... 
I hate goodbyes especially when Im gonna see my best friends again..  I love you all people and I will see you again &quot;no mater guat&quot; 
Graduation tomorrow.Im gonna miss my bitches especially @Megzakarockstar the one who gets my phone out of my pocket when my nails are wet 
sorry twitter  I forgot about you for a while. Im gonna post tonssss of updates this summer, so it's all good now 
@Sugarwilla same... today hasnt been that great. I've been down... feel like Im wearing someone elses skin cause its not like me to be 
Im jus about to go in to see kids get awards... Not my ideal evening!  argh, im alredy bored!! help!
@jolisa_jenkins I guess you know now that Ive been in a training  But Im is free now!!!
@IAmDJRansum  I know u on tonight  We keeping on tuesday and sundays now ..  Im feelin  better just a lil  headache right now
I get this shooting pain on the left side of my head + its been getting worse. Im worried its gonna be related to my whole seizure thing 
Im feeling kinda sad now. I don't think I'm gonna get my text. Its all my fault 
@ilyalyea Babe,I wish Im there with u too!  &amp; so far Im feeling kindda shity with the whole screwed up situation. I need u!
Im getting nervous that this trip tomorrow may be a little boring. Haha oh well, i always have my trusty ipod and my books of course  lol
@matthewmacd all Im gonna say is #5...................#19. Thats all Im sayin  have a great day buddy!
Im clocking off early....well it is me Birthday afterall...so Im allowed 
Im playing hooky from work today, my voice is really gone tho so im @ home today 
Im on my run now... Im miles away from home and nackered! I may just get a cab home... Hahaha 
just finished cleaning a fridge and straightening a cupboard and Im not even home! OMG!!! and Im not getting paid! but I luv my friends 
@WkdSelina hi Sels,  Thanks...! Im so pleased hes such a good little boy and Im feeling very blessed...  x
@Knurkie yes back tomorrow! Its hot here too!! 24c! I got a good tan!! Im in the spa now! Getting a massage  yep get jealouse lol love ya
Im packed n ready to depart to dublin, at 615pm but id go now if i could. Drawl over them fit irish gals and the accent omg  gonna be fun
@bngr sweet deal!!  Im looking for something similar with 4gb ram. yours sounds cool, I like acer's
@jccarter1 Don't get swallowed by ur work! Im sure ur good at ur work! 
Im sstill sick but im going to school bc i cant miss another day of school i already missed 11 days of school 
yeh lets give us all a couple o grande in the budget  Im sure we can get the shops moving again 
It's been a good day to me, since i have felt so good about everything today let's talk  Im cool.
@OGBERRY.....Im not a TWOE tho!!! Im a TWANGEL!! I'm TWERFECT 
@TomFelton Im glad ur gettin ur wisdom teeth out as no they can a right pain take care x 
Im so happy with life  i feel like i haven't lost anything  god, fuck yeah!!
@krissux this reading task was from hell.   the whole exam was like hell (simple) Im gonna fail jeii
@hdaboss question is, how'd u kno i was up?! lol... but my night was &quot;ehhh&quot; So Im gonna spend my day getting cute 2 make me feel better 
@Myofusion HAHA! Yeppp  Its a panda! lol Im wearing it to the concert  Im going to look like an idiot..but who cares  sov has 1 too ;]
Its 3h30am and Im gonna watch ''Howls moving castle'' !! Hahaha, very funny, but I love to watch such anime movie when Im sleepless! 
Just got home from church. Chels and I taught sun school this morning.  now Im gonna nap! =D
About to get some rest. Im sure ill sleep good 2nite !!! 
Im.in.the.room Im.watching.the.HANNAHmovie.withMOM.She.said.this.film.very.great. 
good moring  gonna take a shower, fix my hair and then Im going out .
@natburleson nope  husband is golfing &amp; tornado &amp; I are playing. Im so spoiled everyday. esp LAST sunday (tattoo )
Im sitting at grillsmith with my mom and my dad, happy mothers day 
4 science 4 geography 2 english 9 math. Then im done with whole year of school. Im gonna get that done this week 
@Im_NiaC oh, ok!!! Thanks! I never would have guess that one or fml. 
I hope all the mothers out there had a very special day, you deserve it. Im gonna write more of my fan fic for my own enjoyment. 
Im up and awake now i need to get dressed and call taxi to go pre-school fun times not in the mood today but blah what can i do? 
@Raeknightowl4 Thats good  Im alright thnx. Yeahh im doing my homework... umm sorta lol where did you go?
@Lyriqal Im a solid 21 and a HALF I luv my age  in fact I waited to become it so Im 21, 21 , 21 , 21  lol  but I think 25 iz sexier lol
I guess we r gonna use twitter for bashing now ppl. Im sorry u all had to read such mean things but keep ya heads up boys in girls 
@djaaries hey I just posted for people to join up to your syt(on my bebo)&amp;Im also tellin ppl who said theyl tell their friends  tweet bk
@Taxxemout Im not even followin u..so u must have ben on my dick 2b readin wat i writin bout..so hun please save yaself from public bs.. 
@creuther hey wie geil^^ #cinemassacre rulez;) &quot;Im the angry videogame nerd&quot; 
@DavidArchie Im so glad u made it back n the states safely!  Im also glad u missed the earthquake! Great timing huh? Lol ArchAngel
@gulpanag Im experiencing tis frm many years. It never imprved. Always take time. Some exception in ur case  now cleartrip is solution.
@Turkish_goddess kant wait either! Im out of skoo now! So im happy bout tht..ready to qo live wid my baby! 
alrighty Im up and bout to roll out the bed. gotta wash and clean up @4U2envy morning  what crap
@SirPsycho84 yes sir!! Im gonna do LOTS of hair today to get everyone ready for their vacations!  What about you??
Im laying in bed with the cutest boy born in 2009 and pg.  While my 4 year old son wants to be a big boy and watch cartoons in the ot ...
@TheCharmQuark wow that doesnt sound good, i'd lay off the terry pratchett a little  Im sure no one minds (i only did my 1st one 2day)
Im up. Im bored. I have nothing to do. I am nothing. Change this? 
Im not hormonal! Im just a bitch! Duh 
@ZtotheIG you have to tell me how rehearsal goes this weekend..Im sad im gonna miss all the hilarity along with that effin village scene! 
Im kinda wonderin if anybody even reads my tweets... I dunno..imma twitter addict!!!  4 real tho...
@0Kerttu0 I wouldnt have drunk wine anyway, so Im not to blame for ur hangover.I didnt see point in coming,coz I didnt have enough time 
