Most common words for this cluster:
[('im', 4203), ('sorry', 370), ('lol', 345), ('u', 211), ('haha', 130), ('sad', 125), ('oh', 115), ('ur', 103), ('na', 101), ('sick', 99), ('thats', 98), ('cuz', 93)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'im', 0.8779098987579346), (u'lol', 0.8180504441261292), (u'haha', 0.7925209403038025), (u'omg_i', 0.7814550995826721), (u'samantharonson_@', 0.77541184425354), (u'JeremyShockey_@', 0.7683562636375427), (u'cuz_i', 0.7585359811782837), (u'cuz', 0.7580671310424805), (u'hahahaha', 0.7556112408638), (u'hahah', 0.7526976466178894)]





yea it is so quiet around here cuz everyone has to work im bored to death with nobody to talk to 
@ballinbitch haha im not THAT ballin. I still got bills to paaaaay 
cant sleep but im still feelin like a piece of shit 
@snaprebelx omg i love that show. i would be so mad. i feel ur pain im sorry they spoiled it for u 
@la_discoteca  i just saw this im sorry 
oh everyone is going to sleep, how much i wish i could  its only 4.45pm, and im @ work!
nooooo!! I was doing so good, im not allowed to cry.. ughhh, staying up late makes me think about stuff.. 
im boring  i really dont understand how to use this 
i cant stop laughing @ this burger king commerical.....im so easily amused  
bye every one im going to stop being a 3tfan   i cant do this any more im a fan only becouse i want to date taryll and he dosent want me .
@andy_cyrus im still awake too lol cant sleep  glad your up tho (:
@princessbuddha im having the same problem.. i never drive anymore! 
im having a miley nite!!!!!! no sleeping boo 
im sooo friggin borreeeed 
Ugh im so tired dont feel like goin to scool! 
omfg, im so friggin bored, why cant i jus have something to do!!!!!!!  
i lost a follower  ughh. im up now
im finally awake but idnt feel soo good 
@cventooraa they were amazing!!! im sad i didnt get to give u or number 5(who was killin it!!!) a huge hug 
@souljaboytellem omg my dad took my laptop  im so pissed but maybe my bruh will let me use his
@parakeetluvr im sorry hun  i wish i could help
@MsStylistik can u pls put up a pic in my default section... this crap is overwhelming...  im going to bed. lol
im goin to kill alicia if she gave me her fucking sickness . ughhh wtf  
@roobylou i dunno at this point, im sorry  lol
cant stay up any later, although im missing my show. 
im so tired of this  i just want you back home where you belong .. things arent meant to end this way
@ultraviolet__x oh anno i watched this morning and im just like wtf? I'm still gutted everytime i watch it 
urgh im tired impatient and over boys and their silly games 
8am walks at the beach.  im so tired. BUT oh well. helloo breakfast after.
im up! lol i finally had some sleep!! woot woot!!! i have to work at 4  sucks!! lol
i think im getting a cold  oh noooooo. im finally hanging out with becca todayy too! I havent seen her in months!! and im visiting nickell
@brittany821  yea,im abt to leave now--girl,they are out there straight partyin lol makin all that noise
ohh no im starting to get a headache ugh! 
@praycat im not bad i just had to start over ok  i wish i didnt have to but i couldnt live in funkytow!!!
it looks like a hurricane outside im scared  i think im oging to go eat my cherrios now
@just__jac D: i hope you're gonna be okay soon. i'd get drunk for you but i haz no booooze ;) haha. i'm okay, im driwning in work though 
doing some crazy ideas for album! im soooo tired 
i just came back from vortex springs in florida funn!!! im sunburnt tho 
@princessq82 dang tammy  but im not bothering anyone!! lol my motto!?!
ur beta off with her... im beta off without u...everybody wins yet somhow ive lost 
@tommcfly why didn't you twitter during the gig, tom? im upset  ;)
@trillprincess awwww man im scared!! It itches too! I was washing dishes and thats when I think it got me! 
Ugh im waiting to hear back from a uni ive applied to, i really really really wanna get in so much, sad times 
@xosabrinaaa   im sadly addicted to celeb gossip .. real of fake. aw 
im so sleeeepyy hahaha..  hoping everyday 
@chrisbramm chriss im havin a hard time doin the geog  well put it this way, ive not even tried them table things i got so confused!
im much more of a reader than writer...  like an even less manly version of the saying &quot;im a lover, not a fighter!&quot;
@mileycyrus lol who cares. audi, tomato, tomayto. ( wow, im really twittering to mileycyrus) 
@eddiekemp that does suck  im following u ;) ily
@MrPeterAndre how do i direct message? im stuck 
@meesh1813 hahaha omg im gonna barf you two have issuesssssssss. ps- im sad and sorry im not coming tonight  im taking my temp as we speak
wanted to watch a movie with my friends tonight but theyre watching a 18+ movie and im scared  im soft
i think i picked the wrong program  really debating my career choice....im serious.
@where_is_noelle 4real...im so mad i bought it 
@nikesonblast mang i would come visit but just got ur tweet and im back at carrick 
im doin' nothing  http://twitpic.com/3ksw5
just woke up... i couldn't sleep until 6 am   I feel like poo hehe
Hey people wats up im not doing much i think im going to do groceries soon  xoxo
@KaneBeatz i know dude im sorry  do u mind?
this is not nicki minaj  im sorry for the lies and decieves i just really love her and she didnt have a twitter...bye guyys
jusss came back from the worst partyy of my LIFEEE ! ugh &amp; i saw ppl i didnt wanna see... im sooooo sad 
@xkayteebear -shrugs- i think he's had enuff... i mean, im doing all of this so everything can b easier. im doing this for him... 
@kelseann @charlieunger hey imma gunna head to bed  im pooped chuck get some work done ck, i'll tty tommorow
im like bored as hell right now lol and im kinda in the mood for icecream buts it 1:50am  and all the icecream shops are closed -__-
im like bored as hell right now lol and im kinda in the mood for icecream but its 1:50am  and all the icecream shops are closed -__-
that the reason why im like that 
getting kicked off the comp by the girl who always liks my food,  im out
@courtcosmetics what is going on!? im missing something  who's talking shit while drunk?
why can't i sleep at 3am ?!! frick im going to be so tired for my midterm tmrw at 10 
@epiphanygirl im sooo mad ur autograph is def rubbing off my laptop 
*yawn* im going to bed now  and I still haven't been able to talk to the boyfriend.... D:
@rdy2freefall thankkss bby, i honestly dont know wahts wrong, im just in a sad mood.  
so basically...im in love with my x...and im talking to someone new...hes really nice and i dont know wat to do 
im going to meeting and then getting stuff redy to go bck to dds 
@Alliegator8u  darling im sorry *bites you*
@mackmaine im mad i didnt get see it 
yeah im goin to sleep...my phone didnt listen, no sweat it out.... 
skype....Who got one? im bored as hell 
@tai927 im desperate as for one, coz how my dad lost hes and all im not going to have any money 
heyya im so borde my sound card is fucked so i cant listen to music  btw by that i mean mcr  lol
@madidiaz  im sorry...thats a bummer..
@mikediaz1977  im sorry is your arm feeling any better
@Frantastik daaam, im sorry bout that!  ur right tho, gotta k.i.m.
im going to start playing wow again ....   
gosh im so bored. i wish i was out dancing 
im rebelling against doing housework! im going to do my homework instead! aha geek 
@DollFaceNerd lol i know its pathetic haha. damn im being forced to wash up grrrrrrr 
luvin the weather bt annoyed that im stuck in revising  booo! x
im devastatd my tv boyfrnd @brianangelday26 is deleting his twitr due2 his personal life  i gues il hav2eat some ben&amp;jerys2get ovr it
haha im up. gettin ready to go to church. uhhhhhhhhh im so tired.... and sore......still 
@riversideboy yeeeeehaaa parttty on im gunna tweet later coz my battery is about to die noooo  x x take care
@TheJad hey if you do not see me tomorrow let nik know im looking for a house coz im homeless  thanks
@TickleMeJoey wahh. im sorry joe. 
@valingride valerieee i dont feel gooddd  but anywho i was thinking of using nath. van to get coffeee can i come down and visit im boredd
not doing anything, im so bored ... 
Guess im not seeing dakota today 
I dont like people moving away. Theyre leaving me behind. 
watching wow wow wubzy with logan, and then saying goodbye to shandi  im going to mis her
@laurevoir im really sorry  pls forgive me xD
@perezhilton maybe you could help....even though im not a celebrity 
oh god im stalking 12 people, poor them 
seriously cant do a single thing  monoply is not worth unefficency  im very annoyed about this
@iero_xxi its okay, l'oreal are shit. im allergic to them  the bastards! hahahaha
im so bored rite now......wrkin on sunday is the worst..its soo dead in the store 
@SrKaR etheir can i heehee im soooo excited!oh stop i didn get much if any done, tomor the real work begins  xx
im laying down cuz i sprained my ankle... 
dangit!! slept through church! im so disapointed in myself 
@danecook greatt!!! im still trying to get tix, idk if im gonna get them though 
@born2shine4ever omg forreal?! im still in bmore!  whens he comin back?
@thick5150 wish yall could have got in...  im goin back to bed. im DEHYDRATED lol
had an amazing weekend!!...bt i fell over n twisted my ankle  its so badly swollen! im just startin to walk agen!
@rickymc33 hahaha im trying to get @aubreyODay to call me  but no such luck... hmmm imma try again 4434156058 darryl
im hungry but if i eat im going to be more sleepy than i am now 
@westcoast_man yea..im in bed but i took a nap earlier so im up 
ouch my back!! im gettin old 
what a lovely morning, shame im going back to college 
think im going 2 die  its fucking 515am and all I wat is my hearing back and pancakes
i feel like im coming down with something 
im busy..listenin 2 music...dats d only thng dat...keeps me alivve in diz deserted place.!!!! i miss my friends...so much..!!!  
@dedbim aww im so sorry :'( my thoughts are with ya baby sis 
god im so lost in this site... sorry 
@yep1guy i know  looks like im forced to play the ps3! oh no the horror!
@owenmeredith okay, im shocked, i didnt know that was going to happen! 
@brookedanielle_ haha, im too far away to through stuff 
I've just changed my username.... Dunnydawg hahahahahaha ... im no longer going swimmming  grrrr
working - back at the office  ..im ready for hawaii
what am i doing?? thinking im heaps smart at spanish but i am NOT! no soy inteligente 
cant say im happy im going to school soon cause teachers awful. and no cinema bizarre 4 me 
awwwww  !!! well you cant let it get to you. they are together..and thats the way its gunna be for a whilee...im sorry u feel this way.
im doing my stupid case study, its sooo boring 
im so sorry toby. 
im cutting pics out of magazines of ppl with nice hair cuts cos my work is forcing me to do a reeeeeeeeeeeally boring project on it 
@syreeta306 no im still here...last nite was cool...i miss him  what homegirl say ive loved u since i was 8 the shit wont go away!!!! lol
@TeapotTia i dont have a password  im gettin my tix thru someone else!!
@mot_mot no im about to cry i need a promo code  tears
hmm....still unsure what im ACTUALLY supposed to do on here...and no one can help me? 
Ugh im sooo sore from wii fit! 
im experiencing stiff neck. huhu ! it really hurts 
I dont think its ok, i saw an old man get carried away on a stretcher, and a hesterical old lady. im sad now 
@beanfree dude. your going to be so constipated. im sorry 
just got hom and im kind of sad  t man where are you with that funny shit
Morning, got a reaqlly bad tooth ache.  im terrified of the dentis. need a doob before i go
Is very sad  im tired of everything
damn near drunk...fml...im tryna quit drinkin but the temptation is killin me 
im so mad im not sound asleep right now 
why do my followers keep ditching me? am i that boring? im sad now. 
i am upset coz im getting majorly screwed over by my boss 
@emberiryss im mad i wont be makin more videos..i wanted to make one telling ppl to go watch u   
@Zzack Heyyy im Jesss howz it going, im new at this LOL.. so yeahh ppl talk to me 
im not over you .  im telling the truth here ..
its cold, and im tired and im angry that i deleted that hannah montan movie off my computer 
im so confused. ive just ruined everything. and i dont think its ever gonna be the same... im sorry babe  ive ruined this for us..
i would enjoy work more if i didnt feel guilty about ppl who have less thn me even though im in need too  just not as bad as some ppl
@nferno so basically ur saying im not wifey material? man 
im at home, errrg i sean is acting wierd around me now 
 theres nothing to do. this weather is depressing. and im already depressed as it is. 
do something fun please!im feelin' so boring now 
@lunarlove22 yes! haha sorry but not for long  im sorry im so tired! i'll talk to you tomorrow!!!
im currently not a fan of my hair 
this dude kps following me&amp;deliberately sneezing on me.bastard!therz an apparent pandemic&amp;im a hypochondriac.mo wnts home 
@princesslaur13 im sorry. 
@chemicalguy im sorry  i hope you find someone @MCRMuffin we have to talk tmw
@rikkio16 that really sucks  im sorry
wow.. um, yea.. im pretty much not excited for work tomorrow! 
@shelby_says  im sorry 
im drunk and emo as shit 
@nerdyboytko nothin layin down. im sleepy. but naturally i cant go to sleep. 
@marielectric aw im sorry 
great, looks like im on my own for lunch again 
anyone want to recommend some music ?! omg im so lame w 400mbs of music wtf is that .. anythings ok just not rnb/hiphop sorry twinks 
@SeanFamous you totally missed my birthday, didnt say goodbye amd uggggh   haha im not going to say it
had a crunk partaaaayat my placee! ..im so drunk  lol
i feel like absolute shittttt and i have a fever now nooo  (don't worry cora i will still come in to work tom unless im like dying haha)
cant sleep  what is goinngg onn with me im suposed to be extremly tired but im not :?
@Broooooke_ skins is this british show i absolutely love lol. its madd. and im still waiting for dinner 
I wish I can be with her, shes so far from me and I feel so lonely here 
 Not feeling good. But on the plus side im wii-fit ;)
whatttttt?! why wont topshop online put the dress up im in love with 
@themaine im sorry i fell asleep again  wtfff.
Why the hell am i still awake?!? And im still not all that tired 
@_connie i got tackled/attacked/jumped by a fucken drunk girl triple my size &gt;:O im pretty badly wounded 
@mingaloon kissy kiss. im bored  i miss you.... study fasterr!! he he
@ian_watkins heyy, any chance of a uk tour in 2009? so gutted im missing you at leeds 
im so new to twitter... i dont understand half the stuff and how ot do it :S 
gosh..im really sick 
@sugarghc im good, u? not sure yet what i gonna do tonite. maybe i just cry about the fact that im men-less 
Ughhh this kid will not stop coughing, im gunna end up sick 
im tryin to take my piercing out  I so don't want to, but I sooo have too. devo'd
My bodys used to so little sleep that when i do get a decent amount i feel as if im hungover 
gosh, im so hungry  can someone cook for me?
@tempestdevyne im a boro fan too - looking abit dire for us 
@THEREALTWEET71 i love u more mom!!! im gunna miss u!! 
ok...so im all by my lonesome.... sad times 
everyones at bamboozle   why am i not at bamboozle   im so sad
@carrrrla im kinda late. i have to watch through the internet. my cable sucks 
@raydee yeah i mean c'mon! im not jealouse at all! 
im wondering where the heck the sun went 
mad. im printing all the wrong things. im scared. i dont wanna failll! 
@whelming lol ok then ...im guessing she didnt. lol..i have forgoten to come on here :O im a bad tweeter.. 
@naughtyeliot @naughtyeliot naaa im in england u tease not fair, goes away and sulks 
twitter wouldnt make me qet on  &amp; know im on lOl .
@ummeesa nope  im just craving them havent had them in forever.
 im real cute but u cnt tell lol
Does anybody know if vegas ok? I hope shes not too sick 
going to encounter im excited! but not to say goodbye to my adorable grandma 
@greggarbo okay so i love you alot but im obsessed with peanut butter..i think thats a problem  i still love you anyways haha
straightjacket dude isn't helpful. im scared... i need a hug 
@Ainz90 ah dont sit on ur larry hun  im ment to be going out been invited by 4 of my mates to different places lol
hatton got flooooored im off for my jog in half hour  soo early
@WillieGomez i heard brit fell tonight during get naked is she ok?? and im sorry i didnt say hi to you when you were right in front of me 
im kinda mad that jonas brothers werent there wen they were supposed too...  . . . but i still had fun, and i can always go to their casa
@ocho01 im great hun..sorry u couldnt make it 
@wavness im sorry but alishas carrying my baby 
@carsgoBOOM in ym? yeah, I'm too lazy to go online... hehe. I miss you, too 
@devyra jajaja i already read that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! jajajajaja..........im sorry for my memory i also hate it!!! 
im sad i look between the ages of 14-16 when im fucking 19. 
@lauragitt laura im stuck at school  i dont think you realise how crap this is! 
i hate penny! and does dj am not know how gorgeous he is because his girl isnt! ewww im a hater! my lovers have gross lovers 
Ouch! jst gav myself a papacut btween  fumb and finga 
im so worried if i he's not gna like my suprise. ain't nothing compared to the big moolahs he spent on me 
just got home, im fuckin hungry and theres nothing to eat  FAWK!
@MsCandy718 ohhhhhhhh .... im here workin while you having fun !!!! 
@ma_hernandez: ..........n nw im sad    dammir.......whyd i have 2 go n get buzzed for!!!  lol.....
@djleonsmith oh yumm!! im so damn hungover ive just been eating tiny teddys! 
@SweetP_xxx n thanks sweets, i will! argh i miss u mannnn can't wait till ur done!!!!! im goin bmth tomorro n none of u will be there! 
Is it possible that i might be over analysing I tend to do that.....alot.....but what sux is that im usually right. 
omg im gettin rewli scared about this swine flu thing :'( i cant believ tulisa from ndubz has it 
It is waaaaaay too early and im at work 
@judez_xo awwwwww thats no good... marathon will have to wait... im so bored... like heaps! 
im boredd and i have a sore leg  hmmph wheres short stack ??
im up, I had a damn nightmare.  omgg. smhh.
looks like im not having a roast  looks like im doing @FrankieTheSats style and pot noodle for me it is xx
@BeccaJoyBower  im sorry
I can finally go to bed now that I know who gets the gold logie,  im disappointed it wasn't rove though  
im hungry, but idk what to eat 
just found out that fat boy slim did a mix of brimful of asha- im not happy, i hate that song 
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
@x0tinkerbell  im like about to turn off my device updates cause reading all this shit about it is making me sad
i wish i was  at bamboozle  im just chillin with my sissys
@mileycyrus no money then no atlantis  i really wish i could come i feel in my heart that im the biggest fan of you love you xxx take care
school! UGH! never ever worse  im gona fail science
im hungry  but i gotta wait..
@ohai_makayla forever?  im not sure.
@stevenlwh im so fucking envious of you people in the states man.  I can't access netflix, hulu, etc. 
im watch sad scenes from titanic rach it is sad  ave u seen it?
Is possibly gona die..im mega tired. N i gota work til 6:30   money is over rated.
My nails were broken ! accidentally !  *sob* im sooo pissed off!
@lilyroseallen ...im 20! same bday...wish i was able to go to london 
gawd i hate to sleep i miss all the good stuff  but im very happy now lol!!
@emzyjonas Oh my gosh, really? haha - u shoulda videoed and sent it to you;ve been framed ;L. im so tired  . is there anything on tv 2nite
im so angry with cris! 
@yokatie  hmm not really sure yet, but since wes is from there im sure soon again.
@CECEmckayCOLE hahaha i just saw that!! im so mad we didnt go theree!! 
@MichelleZink  i feel so bad for kenneth! poor guy..he really is rarely sick- im surprised he got the flu this late in the season...
ahhhh im so tired and bored outta my mind at work!!! save me 
im sad my sis wont p ick up boyfriend to take us to the movies now i dont want to go.. 
@jason_mraz aaah im so jealous  sharing is caring!!!! lol
o.O im still wondering. i think ill ask on myspace...maybe a txt. unless she can get to me first. 
lolololololololololol, im lonely wish someone would talk to me,  oh well
missing monti  and i just scratched my leg on a wire oww..but im stocked cuz joan rivers made it to the final two of apprentice yay!!!
@MixedByAli thats dope..yea im bout to hit the sheets..work in the am 
@luvdopeish man im missin it  guess i gotta catch the reruns
@kate__marie oh im sorry  who is going to be president?
im bored... my gf won suck my nipple  lol i wish my computer worked.
@lizzyron LOL ur waiting for jon and im here still thinking about what the hell tink is!  hahhaa ughhh!
cuh...im faded n dnt get this shit &gt;:o...i give up 
haha a few people removed me, guess im not cool  its cool tho
http://twitpic.com/4h8kg - i dont want it to look amaturish.... do they look professional???  im so clueless
i have sunburn. how is that possible.. it wasn't even that hot today. and im tan. tan peeps don't get sunburned 
@cathy_cochina40 im so confused bc there was a preview and joey was on it!! lol i freakin saw him and they never played that episode! 
@Mispah lmao!!! G-O-O-D/...oh btw, i know where beyonce lives...LOL. im not a stalker 
ahhh im scared im sick and i dont wana get the swine flu 
 my intert didnt cahgne im sad.
@HaileighJade im locked out!!!!  and dont have my phone!! come help me!!
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
3AM and im not even half way done  i dont even know if i'm gunna finish on timee
aw im hatting this rib shit yo  dont think sleeping on the floor helps well,not, the floor but level to it
@ashleybella lol. again i want to apologize. i feel bad  idk if im going to vegas or not... i havent made up my mind yet hahaha
man twitter i skind of confuzing for me lol im sucha newbie 
@ButhainaAM yeah u should be lucky , ana i hardly have foood  its depressing me alot and im sick of fish !!
im still up doing this effing speech. 
@supahotgal dont hate me jst yet coz im at uni 4rm 10:30 am until 17:30pm...so we cant do lunch either im sowi 
 im going to go cry myself to sleep.
 im stressed. this wind is just... killing my vibe. also, im like breaking out in pimples, gross, and i dont know whyyyyy. ugh shoot me!
found out yesterday im such a hard person to have in ur life  wat can i say? at least ur thinking about me ;)
@dravenreborn aha; nah im not good or cool enough to help  psh ahaha
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
I feel like im going to pass out n throw up. I feel like poop 
@adelong  im sure it was tho
@coollike its starwarsday???  when when did this happen ... im from australia!!! we are aalways the last to get everything  even toy story
@jakehh  im not even watching it, taping it &amp; watching GoodNewsWeek, ahh well. still all fun
@kristafromsyd I KNOW alrdy! lol. stp rubbin it in  im sad that i didnt get 2 C them again.yet im happy that i @ lest saw 1/4 of something
@wsteTMEchsnMAC yea im fine..shld be studyin for a math test 2morrow but seriously cannot be bothered =P...i hope mac never quits utube 
atlanta sucks im going back to california for good  maybe miami for good just get me away from this  im sad n depressed this morning 
@SethApollo what..? how come?  aweee im sorry!
dude if ya cant get ur money back. on the ticket or even sell it, ill send the money over. im gutted i cant go 
@wozzaisthebest shes ming 
@danny200333 WTF!! haha wel im glad it went well, im so nurvous for all my exmas i have 14 arrrr scary. plus i havent quite revised yet 
@tashasiian im crying now  please talk to me :L:L il be ummm not hyper :L
@jtotheho im sorry 
I want a new dress a shoes. But im poor as shit 
@aplusk HEY ashton!! I think you should consider making another season of punk'd haha im bored out of my mind mtv's new shows suck 
im mad @gosi &amp; @laeggplant for leaving me in stats 
is watching clueless and im so gutted im not going the cinema tonight 
@TheFemGeek at least you have a doorman! im just a sucker opening my own doors 
im missing someone 
@leslie_vfcst  D: ouchh....   yea im on aim come talk to mee
wow i love twitter.. only prob. is i dont noe if these celebs r real. wow im such a creeper... it b worth it if she was here tho 
im bored with nothing to do 
@aanjelicaa91  im sorry. get on now XD
ahhhh. im tired.  entertain me?
I now just ralized how out of shape i actually am  so depressing im jogging around the block everynight from now on!!!
@MilleLopez awwwwwwww millle u lucky im not smacked cause i would of cried   thank u soooo much.. how can i ever repay u?
@NEEFFRESH @CHIOMA_  im saying neef gotta always out do us tho with her $10 shoes and her $2 wig...how am i supposed to afford that stuff 
@jtimberlake make an angry face! cuz im mad! 
im going to be missing out on all the cool mello parts i got moved to baritone 
ugh im so mad i missed jonas  hm, ill probs watch it on youtube hahah
im so bored. there is nothing to do. ugh 
@mscrissy im mad u just brushed me off though 
@ayyorudy Aww im sorry. I know what that's like. I can't go out tonight 
@BHBADDEST what im lost fill me in on the razb thing? remains the same? wat? me lost 
jacks tomorrow! yay! why do i still feel guilty? im a horrible daughter 
@mrssweetness2u im not gone make justin im fallin asleep 
im sad, i was this show on tlc about a 12 yr old getting 30 yrs in prison for killing his grandparents 
@simoncurtis hahah im glad ur having fun. im soooooo bored  2.30am and i dont have a clue of what i should do....
@JessicaAriel  about the im in miami bitch!!!
retrorewind is awesome! im mad that i missed justin timberlake on snl tonight 
@valleygirl71  im sorry that sucks.
oh yeah and i'm going to a concentration camp when im in berlin in a few months. im guessing that will be just as incredibly sad? 
im so mad i cant find my love and basketball dvd!!!!  G'NIGHT
@masonhuse no. shes overly abusive. she hits me 
@petewentz awwww. im sorry.  its always sad when that happens.
soo tired but its only 5 oclock geez isnt allowed to practice coz im in trouble  hahahaha
@alyandajfanatic ahh im sure!!! i wish i coulda been there   glad you had fun!! did you meet her??
I hate bein up late with nada to do. I've been freaked and shuld be sleepn but im not  guess ill hav to try harder.
@michelle__kim haha for real, grrrr, im restless 
is my twitter back on yet...said I exceeded the post limits sigh im goin crazy 
@LilCease lol better then sitting there alone....im sure she keeps you entertained...my lil ones are gone 
@lyssamia no doubt and paramore is may 22 but like the 21st im getting my molers taken out!  and yes a less astablished band maybe!
@mistercencal I heard that! lol...im doing the same thing right about now 
im new on twitter , noone reads me yet 
So hungry im going to eat  missing gf and its only  been 5 mins
im just back from armin van buuren's event it was freakin awesome but the scary thing is that i saw more than 10 ppl dying of overdose 
im sorry my blog, you look horrible now 
i really want a bf im so bored of being alone... its not as fun all by yourself... 
nothing because im bored out of my mind 
@guysebastian wen are we seein the new record im missing the sing a longs in my car 
@pandaaMONIA sure, whats wrong???  are you on msn?? im not bothered to log in to check.
im thinking bianc-eo has left  i should go, the mother believes i am doing  science homework :O
@dana_burgess oh im sorry  yes please, i definitely need to see you sometime soon, i ate a little bit today which was good....
think bbq has destroyed my stomach. actually feel like im dying 
im tired, yesterday wasnt as i had imaginated !  love ya ?
hmmmm im so boreddd ayee.  wrote somthing that made me cry before to...imissssher.
@renee_66 yeah but we will probs be doing our folio in class so thats why im doing that interior designer thing now but its soo confusing 
arrgggg im ill -.- i couldnt go to the party yesterday im sorry 
@ncteacher77  im sorry  that's rough...did she live nearby?
@petewentz aww im really sorry for your dog! 
@RiRiFenty yea britney is cool!!! gol my sister is going to barbados next week im soo jealous!!! loll 
@CeeClandestine claudia. im hell cut. i ahve netball in the moring 
tweet tweet, i have to work im sad 
cant sleep. im sick too 
@liljjdagreat wow so u wait tioll i go to bed to go live lol...im mad at chu 
im getting very irritated by people who dont want to show up to work 
@pyriel im sorri babe   xbox rules! it'll be here soon!! put down the 40 :p
@ComedyQueen nah you aint wayy behing im only on 9401 so u can easy catch up if i get timed lol  #TwitterTakeover
@mfhorne aww  im sure its not all bad
So guys, if you`ve got any animal crossing friendcodes write, im lonely 
@HanaStephenson dont know, said he didnt feel the same. i was gutted, im over it now lol.. pretending to be anyway  im ok though  xx
is done....im sorry. its too hard..... 
im looking 4 a new cell 2 get. eep. i want a keyboard 1. i ? 2 txt. but most of my friends dnt have 1 or dnt have unlimited txting 
im just so lost with this wholething  no one even talks to me ** sob sob **
@cails4eva nope  urgh im so sick 
@nick_jjp i am NOT flawless  blah. yes you are sad. i know you are :/ and im hurting you and ugh  i love you. blah.
@cails4eva eww im sucking on 1 right now also 
@nick_jjp but your sad  blah. im sorry :/ i love you. you know that 
Ugh im like freakin out right now.  im scared of wat could happen. And i hate how this is all keeping me from sleeping.
@JPacittiMusic how u feel im sry 
ugh im really upset about something!  don't know what to do!
upset that jordan is done with geneseo and now its all over and im sad that theres so many people ive met that ill never see again 
@kadambariyer 2 more left.. PS results might be out by 15th!! Theyre delaying it 
@thepatbrown aw im sorry 
@annapiaia im kinda sad you went to see star trek without me 
im gonna find someone someday who might actually treat me well. oh taylor swift... 
I just electricuted myslef. owwie  im going to sleep. my arm hurts now
My girlfriend broke up with me im so sad im going to cry 
pretty much an idiot. @jemesenslapluie my phone is on crack and only like half of your text showed up. im sorry im not much help 
my phone just died how am im goin to txt my friends....... 
im a nerd got first in history. its really scary, i hardly never pass anythingggg. 
@leocomerlato im sorry i would be upset too 
just woke up &amp; im goin' to school 
I just want everyone 2 know; if u twitted me I can't respond bkuz im mobile   I see u thoe =]
the caps lost. im sad 
so layin in bed n wonderin if i shoulf bother callin spencer since he tweeted his # hmmm im too cheap to call this 
@kwible yea sorry im like fallin asleep hun  &lt;*i&lt;3urface*&gt;
@marjonellesm i dunno... im just sitting here in the dark tired and bored... maybe ill go for a drive  ugh im so lonly LOL
@iamdiddy i wish i knew what it meant to be locked in... im so out of the loop 
grrr. someone unground me. or give me my phone backk.. im lonely 
is freakin sleepy,,idk why im still up 
I know its late..but im soo sad!   RAWR!
ugh! the neverending fight, i dont want to do this anymore, why should i? i found out im really not capable of doing it. 
@broooooke_ hey i miss the bois but their cumin ova nxt weekend im so happy cant wait but josh hasnt been on and i miss him!!! 
haloo alll how r we dis fine mornin im up sooo early sux  need 2 go to work in an hour crappy much me n lynds hink mcfly shud cum to...
@shaundiviney hope yu havee haeps of fun. im not allowed to go 
@xD_Hnz thinks im lazy for not walkin to school    i just cant be bothered tho so i suppose its true. Haha x
@iamdiddy im always studying  uni is well hard!
@RealAdamLambert heyy heyyy adam. im glad that you're on the finals. so sad that danny left though 
ohhhhh god im boredddd im going home soon. so goodbye all seen as no one is tweeting me  xx
@Xxsatori hey.im not that great.lucky im not at school.ive lost my voice  i h8 having a cold. its sucks. im missing so much.miss you all x
Morning! Just did a timed english essay... It went shit. This is why im going to fail english 
im waiting for someone 
I had three followers and now I only have one  im sad, aaaah I wish the fray would follow me.
@oh_clarissa likewise man, im gutted! 
it really has been half a minute ago since i updated what im doing xD aaah i just love this! shame you cnt go further letters tho 
im off peeps g2g to school  damn i wish u could just stay at home but i cant anyways see you peeps laterzz byee peace out ?
i give amazing head, i just needed water cuase its 4am and my mouth waa a desert. im too upset to even jerk off 
@Paigex3  yeah idk, but im still dying mine, cuz I've wanted it reddish forever. Lol.
@brianmcnugget i know why you wont follow me its cos im a common. I dont have a fancy nickname like mcnug so im not cool enough to follow 
jus woke up..but my sleep wasnt long enuff..so im goin back 
@MoTheBest it iight u cut off lmao im done 
psssh.my shoulders still hurt.  but pfffffff.waitin for my steak to be done. so i can grub.. and wonderin why im still here instead o ...
@tatianaespada ahhhh i need more followers  lol im freakin bored on a saturday night..wat u up too..and lmfao @ ur vibrator LOL
@RoshiKK yerr i suppose your right. im jealous miley is in the bahamas 
ahhhh .. im having issues with my tweet deck .. not good .. 
@spencerpratt i'd love to speak w/ you on the phone.. but i cant get through  im a sad sad woman 2nite 
im sitting at home. and im super hungry 
@SherryFrancis lmao i love the little boat at the end! im sad i missed turnin in a pic tho,still sick! 
im bored. internet can be a bitch! 
@vavroom bugger, im sooo over this, i'm having huge issues with it  think i will move to new providor
my apt is spotless n im twittering again. dang this shits like crack cocaine. I wanna fuck jason  im so angry
@sweetcheekz Awwww hun im sorry prom sucked for you, if it makes you feel better it sucked for me too last year 
My gf lives in usa  im in aus, yes everyone knows and we talk on phone sometimes. I love her so much.
@xDirtyBurdx its cool im still not tired 
@scharleth lmao uhh no i dont wanna!!! plus im too lazy and theres no chocolate milk 
ouchies. - im in tons of pain, but have no clue why im still up.  http://tumblr.com/xly1su37w
@rachie_rach86 oh im sry  dang it kriss has me taking quizzes on facebook now lol
im sooooo tired and out of it. cant even drink!i need a massage sooooo bad.  
sup showerrrrrrr, ughhh! im getting sick!! 
@madilovesmerder aww, thats horrible!!  im sorry.
@ShayAllTimeLow aww lameee and poor alex  im glad he's doing better
i still have not chekked out from the quad...nor have i received that money im waiting on... 
its sunday, 8:00 a.m and im at work   , cant wait for 03:00 p.m
@spldrttngrl  oh thx sister.  i got sick again.  im hangin in there!
im not doing anything. nobody on msn, nobody for me to talk to  im suh suh bored!
im going to church.brb soon. 
@tomomixprophet i think i got a cold  but im ok! thank you &lt;3
pissed my girl off.  mow im fucken pissed off...seriously
@heidimontag hiii heidi!! im trying to call spencer's phone  ... tell him to pick up!
oooooh im panicking saintsss! 
@PhlaymzGudMoney lol...glad someones listening (reading) lol...sometimes i feel like im talking to myself 
@luked_26 aww that rly sucks  im sorry
wow im sooo tired i can barly stand up or keep mi eyes open! 
@selenagomez heeei selena. im txting u like crazy  how r u ? do u have just a sec to txt me ?  love u with all my hearrrt. xx
im kinda bored theres no one too talk too  it must be because im an early bird lol
at bee's house with vicks drinking wine. except i cant drink cuz im driving 
 hate the metties and the fact im too honest...
im cold!! and i need some sun, badly.  kinda need to do some modern studies revision too 
shit im so tired 
i wanna work, but im soooo tayurrrd 
im gonna go to work fineberg..sorry your disapointed in me  go lakers &amp; celtics!!!!!
worst mood.. god im pissed 
@mcraddictal hehe idk why im so sleepy, it bcause i was doing my homework maybe. its too much  . how was your satnite btw ann?
@fikabayasut bad past and stories w/ many ppl dear, i dnt even wanna think abt those anymore  im giving ALL the heart i have for him hiks
@kathrynn_m aw fuuun good? im on a whitey today  proper shit xxxxxxxxxx
im still disappointed with you.  and still, busy thinking of you as well...
@FlyAssMelly this is dumb reall dumb tweeting this is the new myspace ish im dissapointed 
im nakerd need sleep! missing my boyfriend loads hes in scotland while im stuck in rubish blackburn 
@morgz08 sorry  ya that's no fun im withyouuu... just nap through the ones who arent your friend
@ElkaBr shall we try one last time, im gutted i see everyones pics and no1 can see wot lovely kid i have 
@MCRsavedMilife i didnt know you were even on. im sorry 
watching my girl, gosh im going to cry when he dies 
@tssexychanel I can't see ur link cuz im on my phone  I gotta get the new sk so I can watch youtube
needs to clean my room. damn. hahahaha im so lazy nowadays 
@melly16 erm nothing mate  im so bored tbh.
im cryin listen to mcfly, falling in love  such a gd song, crying no :'(
im in sooooo much pain! toothaches suck 
camila im feeling so sorry about u girl  everythings gonna be fine ok?sheat why people are so ridiculous
sers leutz whats up :-D parteyyy the all weekend im so tired 
im soooo tired. fuck everything ahaha. 
@kezzawezz be quiet!! im desperate to see him and no fucker will sell me there inverness ticket even tho im prepared to pay double 
@joeymcintyre looks like ur enjoying ur cruise pity im missing it 
im a foodie and i really dont care wat the world thinks!!!!..ok who am i kiddin..i doooo 
@msawful oh yeh baby thats why im playing lmao, they fly out tonite 
@WeTheTRAVIS hey!! im form scotland n its probably going to be pretty cold here  it might be a bit warmer when you go to england though!
@jonlukecogger LOL, it's different this time tho, there not on a chatroom thing  ....sorry im really obsessed are'nt i :S :L xxx
reet im going  (N) (yn) please feel better
im bored at work..  stupid with a hangover. yuck
im hella bored af work. visit me  im like fallin asleep n hungry
so im in this bed with nica and the in house asian (no homo) lol and its hot as hell lol 
@RichieSosa shit in my house in orlando.. im trapped here till end of june  i just want to escape lol
fuck im soooo hungry. i havnt had breakfast or lunch 
@MikeBeer724 im sorry booo  was it good?????
@jamestubb im pretty sure yeh, so theres still time lol. havent seen lost yet  i'm going to try and wait it out, but who knows if ill last
@deejayecho im not jelous   ok yes i am 
D: D: maths scores were shucks asss ): im sad 
I want to get my lips pierced... but its illegal and im too much of a coward to do it myself  lmao
Holy shit. It's hot.  im sweating and i cant sleep.
im watching yet again the sox get smoked by toronto. 
o mi gosh! im such a procrastinator! i cant take all this cramming!!!! jaz... you need to change 
ahhhhh im so tired        why he will never forget her??
@Xenooo oh no! tita ditas.. i got her txt  thats why my tweets a while ago was full of ='( and guilt! huhu.. im really sorry
just woke up and im dying right now  now have to walk my dog. hes a german shepherd. and very strong. i cant handle him this early lol
@ramadanovic hahaha noooo im not if only u knew ade 3andi edrous     poor me  ba3den enta ur studying on twitter!!
@jeorgina what?! why? how was your tutor a bitch? :\ im sorry about that 
im soooo board in college wantin my bed 
@dominicajean im not allowed  emma and christopher got theirs so my parents are making me wait
oh my goshhhh its 2! whattttt. ahh gotta be up at 7 tmr. &amp; im still sneezing  good night cuties&lt;3
 want to go back to sleep cos its too early but im not tired at all x
still awake for some stupid reason ... im tired  ... sleepy timmeeee hopefully
@surfygurlx oh dani im so proud!i will stalk you another time though, im on my mobile 
gosh, final exams is coming, im not ready 
Feels likes im waking up to go to high school but im not...  i miss it
on my way to skool listening to the radio. im rely hungry. I ddnt get to eat breakfast 
okay im nervous nowww 
im not feelin the elephants on my profile anymore... 
@j3im3 lol yeah! i might get it like at the end of sept  thats when my bday is and my dad wants me to get it then..psshhh ya right..haha
@williamtm Thanks! By the way http://william-hook.com is down.  http://bit.ly/m9im1
@xbllygbsn ooo, what you away to munch? ;). a know, same ;) lmao :$ bbq sauce..mmmm ;) hahaa :$ im going to stuff my face cause im sad  :$
@katofawesome oh i would, but i've got enough assignments of my own im afraid. and they're much more vague 
duuude! look at the weather! im not gunna get mt buttered baguette now 
I honestly dont kno what to do im so confused about my feelings,When im with you he doesnt matter but when im with him you dont matter? 
@ClaireBarr   no im not missing you atal but im total missing the game  imagine taking it off me evil!
@MileyCyrus  Mileeey u said on some video at youtube to visi t ur tweeter and stuff but im sad ur not replyin.  r u checking this btw ;) ?
ugh im so bored but i got like 100 new songs they cost like 60 bucks  but i was worth it
hmm im starving but i dont know what i want for breakfast!  any suggestions?
@BlokesLib hehe its all good fun..no im afraid not other than im supposed to be cleaning  wish i was somewhere hot! so what are you doing?
I only slept for like 3 house from being scared.  wth man. ugh. im super sleepy now though. -_- ima go back to sleep.
@dheaasa @feliciasfelicia yes,she has a javelin! ohh,im so jealous of her.. i mean its expensive! she bought it ysterday.. 
@miamiamiaa yes please! mia im coldd 
@jordanbrewer hey friend.. looks like im driving up alone when i come, so i MAY have to crash with yall on my journey up  maybe...
@8emily8m ugh im sorry 
@swag_so_sick well unfortunately im a temp so im hired when theres stuff to do so im always busy..got stuff to do 
@jsbryonics boo that  that sucks man, im sorry
@smudge372 aww im jealous hubby never lets me put it on 
shxt im @ skool ; &amp; mad its monday  @rontez
@AllysonAkridge im going to europe for christmas holiday. im kinda excited about it. i need to lose weight. 
@kimbarwee YAYYYYYYYYY!  im sooooooo bored! work later and my phones got no battery!  xo
ohhh crap, im fed up with university 
@irep_504_gucci awww u tired? im bored as hell at work 
@mikedao LOSER!!!  after all this talk about my 20d on its deathbed...  im happy for you 
@bkstatham ahh im sorry bout your g-ma 
im hoping @paranormalTV is on tv tonight. uk tv sucks.  ryan buell 
I just killed 3  little birds  with my truck.  im a jerk
So from laying here for da past hr tweeting im getting tired again but gotta b to work @ 1230 smh mind u im still hungry 
im on the episode of scrubs where jordans brother dies 
im sad i missed the hulman classic tonite  blah dirt racing i love it
@hugosdad sorry  im sure thats my fault
im burning. argh. sooo hot here. 
im off in abit to my training centre. have 2 b there till half 3 today  omg!
jajaja, i just did that @androidtomato !!! im sorry 
fuck i ate too much fucking foood.... this is why im fat.. 
now on 2359 BUT still got loads left to write...im guna have to edit this sooo much arghhh not even thinkin of the biblography yet 
fuck me, blackout. im going to miss neighbours arnt I 
im all alone.  i'll paint my nails nlng. hhi. =D
im in such a habit of working around my piercing. its so weird to realise I don't need to worry about knocking it. bah, I want it back! 
@beccabrealey aaaaahhhhh i hope shes okay 
im suddenly very worried about 'new moon', i love the books so i really hope they do it justice. 'obi wan' that does worry me 
club activity finished??  im sooo tired 
@shwayzted hey be nice, im sorry ok 
@xbllygbsn okay ;). fs william ;) lol. im going for lunch at half 12..bored already, want food  lol
@xbllygbsn okay ;). fs william ;) lol. im going for lunch at half 12..bored already, want food  lol http://bit.ly/7n60L
emo slaying &amp; lovely hangovers (Y) epic, and im missing my chris  *sigh*
@MehLizza: yeah!  but im almost donne! ;)
@OweeW meh,, ill go as a fairy.. coz im cool like that.. except my skirt is kind of short. so ill be  cold 
wow, im listening to the climb. sorry maggie. howdy jaz! im not on myspace 
@OweeW umm most of the worksheet thingys,but some of the answers i cant find,so i gave up.. gosh im hopeless 
@Khrisgharu  shopping in indon 30may!, guess im not having u in a box for my bday then. 
just got on twitter, normal one yarn!  and im upset coz my laptop is in hospital :O but no its getting repaired lol but i miis her   xxx
@AnnaSaccone yeh hes lookin after me, just gone2 th gym. im jobless too  im only freelancing and its not enought! being an adult is hard
im ill at home bored as hell  lol x
@kec112 im sorry  but im glad i woke you up! I didnt want to leave dreamworld
@natalietran hey natalie how are ? can u reply back please lets start a convo im bored  
@StaceyH86 got cold  and just cant be botherd with meself tbh. what happend!?! i hate some peopleon twitter tbh. im off to the pub soon 
@HCObebex3   in the words of alex : ma computer aint coop- erating wif me  lol    im tryin  hold...
im such a clutz, ive managed to smudge my nail polish...twice 
@bridget_m_ mm im hungry, we have no food 
im feeling tired now  but gota keep going...angus thongs and snoggings is such a good movie
@nitinsgr has to be the world coz it has nuthin to do with da net n im using da lappy which is fast!! or maybe its just me 
Home at last.but im annoid cuz im not aloud a nap 
im trying really hard to pretend i'm not sad that i can't or wont see this guy for DAYS.. but it is not working...... 
im soo pissed cause of this stupid ass who keeps nagging me :| i cant sleep  but i`ll try to. ugggh. bye again
@gelaliwanag borrowed my itouch  im writing right now. Any ideas??
@kayaxxbabexx thanks, i hope so to , i just had to txt my boss saying i cant come in cus im that ill, sucks 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr im 2 young to go clubbing i mean whats with that 
@zorgonpride true true &gt;_&lt; ahhh im so over school, im in the deciding mode of leaving or not, im so unsuure 
im having gastric problem. oh my mama, help.. 
driving in 20 mins :s dont really wanna go tbh - feel like im missing out being stuck here instead of iow 
im kinda wishing adam won american idol 
@girltarist im sure you'll jason somewhere I didn't  but u will tell him I said 'what it do!!'~ haha don't jk
@AyeBloodyRight LOL aw bless u for the hashtag but im giving up on it! 
ugh im hungry  and its only 5 pm! my body's weird.... as always lol
@DennHamilton i'm quite sleeeeeeeeepy  think im gona go soon. at 10:00
im at school  !!!! cant go on facebook from here!!
im outside freezing tryna steal internet! smh hahaa 
 im hungry xD what to have to eat.
im going to an interview tomorrow.... dont know what to wear 
@stevebrink i just wanted to follow mark. im very upset about chicagos lineup for blink 
@selenagomez goodnight, im a huge fan, i really wish u would follow me, but it's okay, i mean u don't know me, bye. 
hey u all ive been sic since friday!!! yuck im still stuck in bed.........some one get me a doc.  
im still at the hospital...like how long does it really take to stitch up a tongue? sigh 
@Kimbalicious well your not cool anymore  haha im so totally teasing you haha
im gettin sick in here, i need to go out somewhereee. i need fresh air huhuhu 
@nikenando haha.that's messed up.why would you tell the whole tworld im a gay fish. 
@onyourporch that sounded bitchy im sorry 
@franki_so_thicK dont feel bad im in the same boat 
@SteveHarvin lol no car either  smhhh im sad and hungry now
im getting sleepy guys.....i need my coffee!!! 
very upset with myself, when will i learn to quit while im ahead  oh well didnt really lose much but i couldve won alot! 
ughh, tired and bored.. cant friggin sleep, nothing on tv and im bored of the computer. 
Ugh, why does all the cool stuff happen when I'm not free?   http://tr.im/myun
@ayeedrian oh im sorrrrry  we still doing the video..;
im sick this sucks 
@D_musiklvr sister...how come u didnt inform me anthony hamilton was coming to houston? im saddened i missed his show tonight 
@samanthakellar no they SUCK, and i dont understand y ppl like em. and sorry, im just jealous  u should be famous b4 he is tbh
is damn i shouldnt have listened to that song...w/ the way im feelin now...  ..
@GeriiGautier it sucks he gone  &amp; im really getting tired of hearing about @jaykpurdy ! i wish ppl would just stfu about him.
@MISSNINA12 @MISSNINA12 yes I was doing soo well..running and everything..then here comes the mac n cheese, and im soo NOT naturally thin 
im very very sunburned  and pretty tore up about things. this is just wierd.
omg im so sad my bf juss broke up wit me 
im so sick. im failing 2 classes. im fucked. i want my bear  hes sick too
omg is it true lyn Z is giving birth soon NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( im so sad rumors r going around  hope it not true
@thebitb wat yall doin..?? im bored 
im all crunchy now + shxt :/ @youngcardi @yunghaze @amberBADbxtch see wat yall did  haha. i need new twitter friends..
@nicatica29 that was a fast freakin response. I dont have your numeber! im sorry 
@awalker2334 Haha, yeah right, you sounded good, im the one that sounded like a pre-pubescent boy! 
omggg im in maaad pain...? feel sooooo uncomfortable rite now !! ? swearrr..neva again !! 
goin to bed, im bored and all my friends are off line. 
im so mad .i cant believe i missed the livechat  now i have to wait until june 4th
Its not swine flu! But im still sick as hell 
If i had xbox360 i would play iron maiden and stuff  im scared of using my money if i need it later lol 
@JustAliceCullen yeah im fine. milly is with aj. nicks gone to work. im all alone now 
@SexyTellMe im sorry  whats going wrong?
@ldometriax im sorry to hear that  
@mayj im going to miss you so muchh  ...btw youll fucking love my suprise haha
so i have no phone anymore. im sad. i need a new one. 
im not weird @vanillavanvan lol. just bored. and @mrdbrooks77 you are my favorite thunder cunt. threatening me isnt nice though 
@sweeetnspicy hiii im on my ipod...i cant fall asleep 
Is miserable  i feel like im gona cry  sux!
Feels like im going to cough up a lung 
mannnn..... @alllyy_ got an iphone!!! im jealous....  http://bit.ly/NgnaR
@JWess awww  ok lol hopefully by than im still here and not back over in the states
@tanyaDlove whats up? im sad  you didnt text today.
@katrinalmoreno and im an idiot for missing their last show 
have to stay away from home, and since this part of india dnt hav gud wireless internet, im fucked 
im saaaaaaaaaaaaaad  i need someone to talk to.
gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy 
umm...why will it not let me change my background?! im twitter-challenged. 
im cold  i still cant find my hoodie
@madeofhoney1 im sorry. i dont wanna cuz of how u act. u just turn right around and ignore me and all that 
@ladybug8320 ooh, work im afarid  looking forward to a sunny weekeknd tho!!!
im so hungry and i have nothing to eat 
dont go... im sorry for disappointing you 
yeha i broke their page... damit... im trying to fix it how... hope you dont bank with communityfirstandtrust 
@lstcinthabldg im good! im on my laptop using and external internet plug. i need to send it away to be fixed 
my ipod came back to me after visits to cali, china, and alaska...but its at home and im @ work... 
@drea3000_bbcrew dude im sleepy and went to bed as soon as i got home.  whhaacck.
@cindyandcindy u never told me abt ur date ... who is the lucky guy im so out of the loop 
@djknucklehead im listening to people saying eww at out current frog disection  poor froggy.
@chrlttgrc nope im nott! i was planning on doing but my aunties come over from america and we're havin this big family meal so i cant  xx
im sad about missing out on the opportunity to be in valencia's new video. 
@ispybeauty philly was soooo fun. im trying to come to sea isle asap. im working alot the next two weeks tho b/c alot of peole asked off 
im so stressed out.  will anything get any better *sigh*
To lose this gut lol no seriously i have gained a lil and im not liking how it looks. 
ok its been one hour im still waiting im losing my patience 
no luck in goin to forum.. im about the only person on earth not goin out 
@Lidybeth inoo thats why i sed ino how u feel coz im in love with kyle, i feel like such a saddo but its true ha i wanna see him tuesday 
@batxcore did you google it too? or maybe you actually knew the answer lol ps put uo the pics already from last night  im getting anxious
@petewentz im so jealous. i want an octo drive 
wow i just woke up and read drews blog .. oh man im seriously crying right now 
wishing i was there, so you should go in my place. #brandwkshop http://tr.im/mOXL i see they've got scott bedbury and more.. poor me 
@jasonridge1 you're in harlem? where? im so jealous right now! i miss living in nyc! 
@dkrleo1: aww im sorry honey.  that stinks
@BabyStowz yea, feel like im bein ignored 
@DazzlesPR oh phew you scared me. I wont have ANY access when im in mexico 
- im hungry...but there's no food at mah house. 
Looking for a special girl  im fed up of bein hurt 
@EricaMcGraw hi!! im glad you had fun at tennis! im about to go see dr dorfman   last visit though!!
@trpilot im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!
i want my face to be a somatic drawing of david lanham  or i want a leopard theme his somatic theme..  im so sad..im such a big fan..
sooo bored now dat candace had 2 go get ready ugh but i got ma snowball but im still sadface  p.s.luvs pete wentz hez so fukin hott!!
i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh 
@Trickiliz13 ohhh baby!!! PDGG! ahh! im missing it! ahhh  hehaheahaaaa
Just broke her dresser shes had since she was three 
@lucyliz dont worry im not!!! i dont get it on my tv 
im really bored, anthony is doing senior board shit. and im hungry and cold. 
omg im finally back!!!! my comp as broken guys  i missed yall!!!!
I havent ben on here n a while...  sorry but im bac now so hit me hup
@ajandtjsmommy im sorry 
@victoriax64 im sorry 
I don't think that im feeling too well. all the sudden, im tired but scared to fall asleep cuz I know I will wake up sick. 
@buckhollywood aw it was so sad  shes too cute!
@chickwoman97  im riding the highs and lows of moods now.... chores blow
@oyfreakinvey u witch! im upstate in a fucking hick dry county. so no alcohol or ethnic food.  im crying.
@KevFP yeah i think it just depends on what you're doing with it, but at least im getting it for free  ill miss my sk though
@konst4nt1ne im sick  if i wasnt, id be at the show with ya!
im sick,youre sick. imy 
im cleaning listening to fiona apple then off to a birthday party!!!!!! i cant believe that im 25 already 
im quite upset do I really look under 15 :| they must have thought i was 14 or something ! Whatt ! thats unfair 
Theyre sappin mah sentry! errr yea... i'm without power at home right now 
omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail 
@feliciaodg  it does but the screen is dark - so when i click it, i hang up on whoever im talking to  
graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???
@jordan0rly ahaha yay! im staying there until 2 only  going with anyone?
im just dreamin out loud, i cant have you for mine and i know it 
im nervous :/ i want @mmilanezi to gimme a bear hug 
aaawww im soooOOooo tired today.. i dont feel good.. i dont wanna go to work wah..  but yeah im goin to work in a few mins. til closing..
@DomCorleone  oh hell yeah lol. im a vegetarian tho but i still cooks the mean =X im a traitor 
@LaurenConrad mmmm lauren conrad eeeeep im going to miss the hills 
@scavengerlor hey thought ud be on here most likely, im stressed out  i really dont know why  x
@zachsang  do it at like like 9 causeee im babysitting haha or you should call me causeee im kinda bored right now 
im in pain, shit 
oy, im such a nerd..im writin 2 no1 cuz no1 is followin me  i mean lik sum1 was but their account was deleted due to &quot;strange activities&quot;
@JerryShaw i tried changing my pic but twitter is a hater  im a doctor of awesome !! other than that, im just a medical assistant :]
@heyrai wow how ominious was that   im stayin in the house. n nobodys comin over either!!! LoL
ahh im getting really tired and ej isnt up yet! im might have to go to sleep without talking to her again 
im wearing a certain tye dye tshirt at the moment. and it misses its 8 counterparts... 
i dont noe what to eat for breakfast hmmmmmmm im so hungry 
i hate my presentation  hahah whatever im glad its over 
@HollyTheBoss lol. sorry bout today  ..did u get them?? &amp; what else R U guyz doinq cuz i have to C if im eligable [howeva itz spelled lol]
@TheNewBradie is that teh part where hes liek feeling the girl. i feel sooo soooory for her 
@bxa2 dnt smile...im mad at u 
@dopeydee im good ....tired ,just went 20 miles to collect my son ,he woke me up to ask 
@mimilover08 im sorry baby!  whats going on and all i care about is you and if your ok!
@bmoneyrocks WHAT?!?! U guys get cake??? And im working outside next to a dead bird!! 
@ellohv_ee  im determined to like, start being friends with him. you know. instead of just a little &quot;hi&quot;
my girl just left  im kinda sad now
My bowling ball is named bobbi...i think thats why im losing  @stuntmann88
@Mrz_garland oh im so so so sorry thought u did im so so so so sorry 
@LILBANKHEADV103 no shoutout ? -im kinda sadd. - you owe me  i guess ill go cry now ;; lol
@ladyjori  im sry duder that blooowwws.  At least ull be able to save some dough.  U can always come stay with us lol
@mooncheez im starving...guess subway will have to do 
@shibuya246 i want to learn japan  sad b.c im half Japanese too
I miss him  culd really do with a smooch rite nw....im ill x
@sameelea ok i am glad to know i am not the only one that cant follow wentworth miller either.  im sad too
@kalebnation noo im going to miss the live chat im at a baseball game! 
im at the berrangs and i didnt even try to be here 
@lovebscott im watchin the chat but how i chat?? 
omg im hungry  what should i eat?? and what should i make my boyfriend? lol
@jcapitoni aww!!  im sorry! i wanna come give u hug! jim will make u chicken noodle soup &amp; robotussin! where r u?
Ugh im out of :/ i miss my baby already   at steph's house
@janitahuynh im working sunday, sorry 
ewww.. im all hot from being in my uniform long jeans.. and its like 80 out 
@kingsthings welcome to chicago enjoy the game... im redsox fan living in chicago 
@DerbyFan78 is that a trick Q cuz im tired? or i am just too dumb to get the joke 
skee ball!...im not playing this time, i did @ chuck e cheese tho.my arm hurts frm shootin ball ovr there 
im losin followerssssss 
my brother graduated! im so proud of him. it was freaking hot in there though. 
@xxasterlynxx im good! i miss talking to you 
@omgcorrine whats going on hun?  im here if you need anything...i kinda owe you too lol
@heyitsbrooke awhh im sorry  people can beee, so frustrating and annoying sometimes :|
just had coffee and im still terribly sleepy. ha no fun 
@backstreetboys B i want popcorn!!! im sad cause i couldnt see u guys 
@nancydee_online im sad 
sorry about that everyone lol!! im jut really bored  i need a live
lmao @mschunli I kno  that's done tho. lol im drunk. nigga who??
@heyitsbrooke brooke, thats horrible! im so sorry  yeah just think 7 more days and you're out of the there!
@Littlebit323 boooo im sorry i woke you up  we will shop online asap, after i get my money on a card  !!!
wow im heck2 thee bored and my cuzin won't talk 2 me 
im really not in the mood for paintballing anymore! 
im sad and my feelers are hurt. i feel like shit. 
im sick as helll..this sucks ass! 
idk y the hell im so down on myself 
ok, me thinkies my sissy is sleeping... cuz she hasnt been tweeting,  im booooooored
@WookieStyle so i went over hardcore and didn't even know it...and they called me and said im at like 500 freakin dollars 
I kive having drunk taljs with my bst friend jordahn whwb im rrunk and sad 
@ChristenNDG ya im not so sure i get this @ thing though lol, you missed out tonight btw 
@ddllovato and if you are a fake im goin 2 be so completely shattered 
sickk  over doing nothing but im too sick to go anywhere
@PaulPunktastic urgh im working again today till 4  sucks cause it means im too tired to try and do anything else  what bout you?
No matter wat im always goin to care bout u....  
im am a fucking ideot and im sorry 
@ddllovato im sorry for fuckin up your vacation and stuff im sorry ill ubderstand if you dont wanna talk 2 me 
@ddllovato it was im sorry ay im so depressed now im killin in side sorry 
uh yeah @eamatt  im in rva drinking 40s of steel reserve.  
@ddlovato hi demi im a big fan and i'm from egypt can i contact you privatly plz reply, thank you. p.s i really need to contact you 
im shattered and im really sorry im just goin 2 lie down for a while be back later i guess. and once again im sorry bye everyone. 
@ddllovato yea thanks that makes me feel a lot better but im just goin 2 go think and lie down ok so bye and im sorry again loveya 
@AmyFavelle we should have done something  im just sitting at home about to play the sims 
im in the room with my sis and being bored and theres nuthing to do and were home alone and its late i miss my momma 
im sad  my god son is siick.
@eddiekemp watching tv nothing is on and im bored  i need friends haha
http://twitpic.com/68vm8 - im a twat; shaved my head now i look tottaly different. will look sick when it grows back. miss my long hair 
lol im bored nobody is on twitter 
alles doof im moment 
@asamiramirez true  im sorry! maybe u can html to hide those ads bwahaha show choseit whos boss!
im so tierd! dont know why i even wake up so early  zzz
im gonna read something then i will write  @samfro isnt on 
@karawr  me too babe. we can take over twitter with our lonely posts lol. im drunk but cant go out 
@mcraddictal didnt reply? which hun?  im so sorry, idk, maybe i was off when you replied me. so, smileeee agaiin bby please! D
im soo sick of living in australia. i totally wanna go back to nz 
@ShesElectric_ yummm. im all out of oatcakes   ok chick.il speak to you in a bit.. xxxx
@Rosellyanna heyy im good thanks..is julie ok? i cant translate your conversation so i dont know what she's saying :s but she seems upset 
@ShanteRowland aint that the truth...  im sorry ur havin a rough time
 guess who im missing
dammit im bored.... 
no joke. tgp was one of the roughest moshes I've ever been in! ouchie, im so sore all over 
@yo_snow awh im sorry your phone got stolen  but congratulations for making that on your final!
@DubarryMcFly My mum thinks the same + she wants diversty to win too lols. I dont want her too but im nearly sure she will.  xxx
is at the beauty shop...i hope that im out of here by 11 
we are setting up for the bday party now then we are headed to chucky cheese!!!!!! but it sucks cuz im really sick!! 
theres a thought im shivering here, i look like i have terets 
@ramaaa im sorry i cannot come 
@mazza16 im with u there! if she wins im not gonna be happy  get to sleep now and then ul be wide awake for bgt
@fostaus4 idont want to b rude but,im not a huge fan of him!i still dont kno if they match.. i was inlove with Jilary 
shit im burnt badley i feel awfull and im spending my saturday in bed =( i feel so rubbish i cant w8 untill im better 
um.... ive only got 1 thing 2 say im feeling 
::sigh::   im so bored...   anyone want to tweet with me???
ughh im not that happy today, wow im such a downer! 
@pw_cc_runner    im sorry   thats no fun during the summertime
@dannygokey awww danny im sooo sorry!! i feel so bad  that really sucks..please do me a favor dont go on that airline again..welcome home!
and before shopping im going to visit my best friend...He has blood cancer since october  i miss him so much, but we talk everyday
im sorry  i love you
lol @only1ericamena  i was boo up last night lolll im good yu dont love me 
lonely.... im mrs. lonely.... i have nobody..... im on my own 
@BatHannahh i know im so happy i met him, but i didnt meet nate in the end  which im gutted about! it was a good gigs, just a crap crowd
im english so i have no idea what anyone is typing  lol #jtv http://justin.tv/clarasdiary
ok nw im sad  and bord guna go play football wif my cuzins i fink bbl 
@dearloveyyy im sorry! 
im bored on stickam wondering why the hell my fran wont talk to me 
i really dont think i can face sitting in the garden, im already burned  or burnt? hmm idk but its sore.
so jealous that all my friends are going to see @davedresden tonight in chicago and im stuck in miami 
couldnt go to the beach today because im still kinda sick  ...
haaaaaaaaaa, im going to dance along with him on the tv tonight lol. ohh i cant tell u on here not enough room 
@pontelon im sorry       T_T
@Anastasijaaa im pretty good. im sorry, why were you so sad, that makes me  lol
@pchiarella, oh great, and im in manchester!!! 
@nitearson im sorry ur down and im not helping..i dont mean to make u more upset..sorry 
@marvinady yr welcome check up on my girl im too far away to do it 
So im at work and its so slow  aaahhh   * iris *
right... lol j/k j/k. im watching people kick ass in some game. im going to lose in the first round 
its 3:33am but im still working  but its ok cuz i had a great bday &lt;3
have no idea wat im doing today prob a project 
not impressed at the fact im almost out of vodka!!!! :O   x
@therage for real  im gonna get a lawn ticket rather than even a level type spot. i hate money so much but at least im seeing them at all
having a sudden craving for soybean milk... but im alredy in bed.. 
im boreddddddd loll  my friendds ditched me b4 we went to the movies
@Gosssy haha no problem. im bummed tht no one knows what it is though  o well...
@dasme im watchin dslife, sent them an email but provably sent it too late... 
@urbanmorgan aw thats sweet of evan but yea im sry you couldnt go morgan 
@maggiex3jonas why are you so angry?? im angry cause taylor swifts concert in nashville is sold out 
why won't it let me see my profile pick?!? im just a white bow with a red x 
watching britains got tallent  ha today was fun im burnt though 
@sarah4tomorrow  im jealin' cos you get to see the ginga tonightt 
@brettxellis Aww im sorry  thats stinky no fun  give  sharona kiss on the cheek for me tonite! i hope u feel better
hey radni or angel or mia if yous gets this im not coming to help set up at vera  i dont feel too great, tell Lars sorry for me plz!
@joekilgannon  thats not cool. im sorry. you know if you want to you can hang out with me anytime :]
@rita202109 boo that sux im sorry... 
om im out to wash this stuff out.... 
ok im outta here...work waits for no one 
i need a new room mate...  im sad @molltini is moving out.
@omgcorrine im sorry honey  are you guys fighting?
@CarroHombres i cant stop watching star wars vids online lol where r u??? im bored 
@ashley_mjohnson hahaha. im totally considering it. i like sharks too so im not sure  whats ur fav animal?
i rember someone linked me with susan boyle i was like me names not susan :/ im actuly scared i look like that now 
I miss him..im lost with out him! why is life an crazy ride??? im sad with out him  why did i let go ah im stupid.
@ddllovato  im sad now to u dealting this account 
@nicole_b86 its so embarrasin :| haha im pure gigglin away in it :^) n a sound american wen a say handcatch?? were so weird 
@xo_nessa yeah i do too mate  and yeahhh she is i was like :O how bloody rude... im watching some for sheffield and manch
@SoldatRenard i would have gone too but my sister just bring food  but im down for up
im kinda not in the best of moods right now! 
i need a reality show to get a bff im sooooooo lonely 
going off the deep end. im serious this is a twit-castrophe. 
ok im off to bed..up early to drive down to Zeelland...lots of homework 
at work...im soo sleepy. i wish i cuda went to tha ludacris concert!!  need to find an outfit for tonite!!
is sunburnt badly  and actully feels shit yet again :'(  im sick tbh.
@DawnRichard my rain is that i have so much heart 4 ppl, so when they're in need of somethng &amp; im unable to help it hurts 
@andrews_news im sorry  @featheroflead after your fb comment about sex w/ almost all, i will def  heck them out lol
@emmarossx obviously by lookin at her shes watching it not playin it hahaha omg im so harsh 
im missed the high life guy at miller park! aww shucks ! 
watching willy wonka. finished watching the third season of buffy  think im going to take a shower now.
ahhh im soo tan and my skin is dry  i actually really liked being pale. now i look terrible. blah
to me :S  but he coudnt be druk on a thursday. ih haate thi, im in love and wont forget aobut him. might go movies with him today if he
@I_Support_DemiL im good but alil bumed i guess i shudnt have got my hope up and then that poser just tor them down. 
i love short stack more than... ... ... dammit! im not very creative 
@lovelydianna im sorry to here that though 
i hate kathleen.  shes evil.
im scared of those disco pants !!!!! 
im seriously bored to tears and my summers gonna suck. fuck it, i'm going swimming 
at home doing nothing!! im soo bored 
The pink didnt stick, just washed out.  im sad
@GOODENess357 hey now hey....i fux with lil boosie lol. and im great at many things...fractions not being one of them tho 
awwww im reallly tired and i still havent opend a book for maths on monday and im headin to bfast tomarro  !  sooo dead!
heeey anyone want to chat? im boooredddd to shizzum!   
im so tired... gas tank on empty... 
@rachelabella im sry baby  txt me
i wanna get rid of this slight beer gut im getting..very slight..btu i cant work out bc of this damn hernia 
im sad  im over my dad's house and everyone is sleep except me.
is so hot im ready to pass out 
@mrrogers23 GROUNDED! oh no thats shitty, I THINK the last time i got grounded was when i was like 14  shit im old! whatd u do
@emmarossx shes on aha a comented 
@illingsworth huh? that wasn't the plan  im finna call u.
... im so tired of playing with my little sister ....hahahaha ... 
@Ccramer11 oh no!!! im sorry thats terrible!! at least you know what it is 
im sad cause my sims buddy is leaving no one to play with 
its scary here all alone in this big house  im hearin all kinds of noises already!
@brandiva24  im sad yo! i mean this was just sad to witness
im bored and none of my ppl are here...@FrankLee_ @tedrlaw 
ok im off to study now  and twitter wouldnt work on my fone last night,.. i was sad,..  lol oh well hehe,..
feel like im burning up wearing shorts and a tshirt 
@lozzaybaybay meh im lazay baybay umm im doing a bio presentation thing. i was meant to go to ikea but it never happened  hbu???
@prettyyoungnhot i can do dat but whose gona apply it for me?  an im hurtin!!
I miss jimmy neutron  im sad
damnit, twitter!  http://ff.im/3pYW0
sry im editing the video should be up tomorrow sorry 
@yancyholbrook baby im so sorry im feeling under the weather tonight  my allergies are horrible! I will make it up to you!
@ashleyellene no!!! im at home working on a stupid paper haha so lame!!! u prob already know this since ur already there 
ahh im going crazy w/out alisha 
@saraclaridge1 im sorry im a foot model sorry if my face repulsed you  waaaa 
im not going to make it out tonight my daughters temp hasnt went down dnt feel comfortable leaving her  i really was wantn to tho
@mRaLiStEr o ok man im bored i want to talk to someone 
@sarahteaa LOL. yess! my bad. i cant spell. im fundraising.. to myself. 
gots my jacket and im still heartbroken he doesn't like that song  haha
im so confused damn! what do i do....??? 
im soo tired lost soccer played crap 
im sleepy and dont want to do assignments 
i hate wat im wearing now. and i hate my hair right now and i hate the fact that its hald 6 and i shud be in bed 
its hot in this house. and im sad. 
im missing elise.  i need a hug?  anybody? 
@mileycyrus whattttt??? heyyy im an artist  what does that mean? if u mean musicians though i agree- 99% of whats on the radio is crap.
whats up twitterheads?i know its late and im tired i have been a different link sorry  im not staying too long did i miss anything?
because i b tired and sore.  i miss you. do you know when ur moving here?
im thirsty, but all we have is crummy sunkist, argh i guess i'll have water 
@icamudont not a damn thing. bored as hell in my house. startin to think im gettin sick too 
@eromo18 yeah im sorry too for myself 
@believersnvrdie I didn't ride that awesome wave  twitter is so hard to keep up with! #andyhurleyday im glad im twittering for andy tho!!
@mileycyrus  im sorry im anti miley and so are my friends yes until you break up with justin then will be back 
@leannayo neither can i  i have no idea what the hell im doing
@blurked this is very true, it's kind of fun though.  soooooooo im still bored 
@TeekDaFreekCxC nah im 18 lol i can club but cant drink in da bars yet  lol
@MissMarcella *wasnt invited*  lol im sure u looked fly tho (w/ the nails on point!) lol
@jocelinerios at first I thought you were taking away my bff  but now I don't really care lol sorry im a tad weird :p
i wish my secret won't be Revealed.. ohh im really scared!! 
still no reply from my cousin  ahh im freaking out now haha
im up  by myself  talk to me
lol its barely 1am on a sat and im ready for bed, im gettin old.   oh well, i had a great night with my amigos!!
@katpzialcita angels and demons... very disappointing... im surprised dan brown agreed to go on with the plotting... 
@xkrnaaax im so sad that cleveland lost  oooh cool hope you had fun loser!
im so upset with myself. i could have missed seeing fam i dont see very often cause i forgot to open my myspace messege 
@chasepino yeah im out here now, missing my crew.....im getting drunk alone 
@kopfanatic: omg ahhhhhh.They 2 large are u serious. And im not home this place have no wi fi  
@FreekitTweekit I'm weird?  lol, im up cuz iCant sleep, why are YOU up sir?
@dw i knew i got in through a loophole and that they would find me someday. but im addicted  the discovery blew my focus away. what now?!
is d only 1 who didnt get pancakes 4 breakfast coz no1 woke her up like was suposed 2  glad im not workin tho
@rainbowllama layla i was but thn i got distracted by twitter im sorry  lol
thnink gonna take a nap again, feeling really not well  somebody pls turn off the light. im soo lazy to move my ass from this friggin bed
i fancy playing guitar and writing songs like we did last sunday. but im in paaaain. better go take my med 
im gonna apologize to celina and @peaceNlove_ im soooo sorry I've never been so dramatic in my life. 
@ayadhani im soo bored.. wht r u doin? i need to buy a new dvds 
@MGChislett yay im so excited bout tai coming back to aus! you shd so come visit horsham yes? we miss you here  haha
im so twitter illiterate!!  hopeless 
@Pepsimo Aw that is a pity...im sure he loved it while he was there though! 
@GrantMc ahhrite, and cant dude  im actualy totaly skint  plus jim/micheals stuff have gotta be done by monday 
@taki_serbia im really bored and not im a mood for studying for exams.thats why i read forum, and off course, because i cant play K.O. 
@revolverjunkie im so sorry! the movie is actually really good... sorry! 
im gunna have to join la fitness or something 
@kiarapop  well count sheep bitch. haha im waiting to brush my teeth &gt;_&lt;
Someone give me plans for tonight cuz im not seeing @grizzlyholman 
ehhh im up im up going home at 11   dont want to go home or go to school tomorrow 
family juss left, and im up  im tired aand bored, HAleigh's goin home today i think but idk hope not, :|
im sick i feel like crap ..but i sti have to go to work. ugh 
frick. just got home to discover someones broke the comp so it looks like im strictly mobile til it gets fixed 
the only cook , fck whataburger got not havng peepo on the schedule . im tiredddd 
nobody is here...lol the whole side of the buildin where im at is empty..im  all alone 
omg!!!!! im at my g-mas just woke up butt still tired 
For future reference im pretty sure that rudys breakfast tacos are cheaper than whataburgers. And much better. I just spent...alot. 
im freezing my bum off in sydneys current weather 
@mileyrayccyrus  pls add me in myspace !!  i wont sleep if you wont add me !! ill wait for it forever !  im a fan !!
im mad i cant get a permanant streak cuz of the skl im goin 2  i was planning on doin this since march grrr
im such a bor to day cause im tierd , crankey and upset  im sorry &lt;/3 x
@ningningning im sorry i've sinned  but yeah it did. im still catching up on my shows haha!
cant go out in the sun, in case im burnt again 
omggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg. im being negative again 
It's fuckin beautiful out and im working 
@kitispurple no!  im so mad that I didn't :/
my pictures arent uploadinggggg, im sad 
about to get on the plane leaving for vegas said farewell to paul oh how sad   im so stoked!!!!
so mad. like lots of people cant come to my bday so im probably not gonna be able to have it  ugh
@LaurenConradNew i love you soooo much! you're the bestt. im so upset your leaving the hills  i want to be you!!
@seanmurphymusic haha, im no good at making things like that, and i wouldn't even know what to do. It's pretty depressing 
im missing somebody alot right now!  i need her. now.
omgoodness...the pool doesnt open till 12. im so bored. and 'm goin alone!  
i wish i could go to the pool......im sooooo white 
@ChrisSpoag thats not allowed! im not going my myself everyday 
@monochromicon ah, too bad.. anyway, im pretty depressed. 
@Mimidncr96 besides my back im good and yes lambs go hard! I might have to go soon so ya 
@EvoOba nice.but i rather had to eat chinese  but anyways im full *haha* # chesterday    #dravensday on tuesday
someone took my change and im kinda upset, im so poor 
@YoungQ WOW! im sorry... 
@StillFoolish: im not gonna have my money by 4pm.... sorry  i.&lt;3.life*
im goin crazy  in here
@TamBravo heeey girl.. im sorry bout yesterdaaay truly sorrry.. i feel baad 
@smoothvega a bunch of bullshit! Just get treated like im 14 n not 24 
thinking about the phillies game that im not allowed to watch  were not even studying!
im not going to vanessa williams album listening party  tickets are all sold out! i took too long to decide...oh well.
@singduke yeah im home 
@jayteelove im so jealous!  i cant go! take a bunch of pictures for me (:
im bout ready for a tat, but im scared its gone hurt 
@DerrenLitten http://yfrog.com/5ay40j  yummy cant wait for the special im annoyed tho cos ordered series 1n2 last week n still aint come 
they're* dam my ignint ass cant spell im HUNGYYYYYY 
@cazp09 im stil doing my hair..so cant watch it 
oh im sorry  im cleaning my room and listening to music. later imma get in the pool
@gfalcone601 im sorry you're pissed off about this 
@princessjuliaaa im always working, &amp; never get to see anyone or go out!! 
I bet that im just a faint echo in ur head when all that i can think about is u 
@hollyhoutman awh im sorry  _Myana&lt;3
im getting jealous getting all these twitters, i wanna go to the mtv movie awards with brody jenner and miley cyrus hah  i need a lifee
im tired of watching america's next top model 
think i got the h1n1 flu... not fun.   atleast im not choking anymore.  lol
@Dannymcfly dont go guys  come back soon . we really like. im angry because in the stage i cant touch u 
Its beautiful out..and im not doing shit 
We were talking about a church by the way xD @morgan_johnson i hate that im missing him and you  &lt;3
@Dannymcfly dont go guys  come back soon . we really like. im angry because in the stage i cant kiss u 
im bored while watchin nascar 
im so sunburnt  im never leaving the house again! *superglues door shut*
im at home eating ice-cream.. me and sam jus broke up  oh well.. easy come easy goo
@michelleclaudia (big smiley face) im not a lil hater  ok i am ONLY on soulja boy i like bow wow i guess? hes mmm ite!?
@alexthefob1991 haha yeah im ok. gotta head to school in 20mins 
made up my mind.. im puttin my teammate in my suitcase and she's comin to celebrate on my bday .. she has to 
@DonGQ  ima stop by tho... thats mad niggas lol  im by myself 
infamous is some good shit to bad im to cheap to buy it 
@xoCarlzWasHere yw, hmm, whats up? the sky! lol. Maths exam 2moz  and im going to bed
@jorjafoxonline well i spose she IS getting older...but....all through csi she had straight hair...im kinda used to it 
@jisellex197 wait nvm, i get u and jasper87 confused cuz u guys talk so similar.  im stupid. ignore me
aww im a stick in the mud! 
Ugh, i dont feel good  im just gonnawatch more movies.. Idc if i get in trouible for not having my homewkr
is freezing right now!!!!  buuurrrrr lol and im bored.......i need something to do
I have work tomottow and im slightly drunk. uh oh  lmao ata l.eats it was work people i was out witrh so they know yayayayay.
dont wanna go to college tomoz . im well burnt and its gunna be sunny more 
@whoajordie hahaha i know but this thunderstorm is like kryptonite plus im still job hunting 
@juanpierre im so sad  I think i might cry a little bit, really hate i cant come out.
SunBurn  I need to use factor 50! Now i remember why im so pale, i should stick to staying inside LOL
grrr i cant sleep, its midnight &amp; im not even tired!!! 
im playing some whack ass lord of the rings board game. btw im losing 
wow im so sick of all this bull shit! get me out of here 
@ashp0rter yeah dude. If thats her real hair im going to shit on her. 
@belliesgnagtya same im gona look lik a patchwork quilt on hols  fri nyt was very gud! 2 much drink tho xx
i am so bored and im listenin to fall out boyy but its still not chearing me up that much........ life just sucks sometimes dude....  hmm
aww josefine went to bed and im alonnnnee  that vodka over there better watch out.
@marC0110  no... can i still!?.. ps im finding spencer is actually making sense!
is mad coz im missng my show 
@KimKardashian im sad too  i want keeping uo with the kardashian's
im tryin 2 figure out how 2 change my backround from taylor lautner to chris pine. not working 
@kywagner =o! im trying!! lol  why are you lonely babe. anything i can do?
cuddling up on the couch...by myselff  cuz im a loser
ahhh im obber tiired  and oh so very hungry. dnt wnt to go to skewl tomorrow. i wnt ma fone 
guess im goin to sleep 
@popstarmagazine thx 4 tellin whats happenin there cuz im not watchin til thursday!! im from mexico and thats why! 
y am i craving chinese food i hate chinese gross o well  ill get sum later lol jst watchn brooke hogan knos best.im bummed no kuwtk today 
yuck! soo how much do i REALLY want to become a lawyer?  im kinda over this.
@1PrettyRemy lml im dealing wit tha worst..smfh ronnie I need a diet plan 
@spurofmoment yeh im ok, just having relationship issues atm..  you?
Really?!?!! how cool!  im sad @pauval
im still pissed i cant find this cd grrrrr!  http://bit.ly/I6aWl
@LoieBoy eww yuck school. na no utube channel. i only have facebook and myspace lol. im good! bummed that its monday again though 
im a bitch and i tell people to cut dem selfs 
@xPLovex  lol! im cheered up, thanks P, naw just miss someone 
@JaiDuke just the curve ... now ima get the new one  sux being w/out im havn withdrals , it doesnt go on @ alll i cant get into it
soooo ive decided im he least photogenic person ive ever met...ef yearbooks  ef monrovia, ef high school, ef anything the resembles drama
like true say . . &quot;im so sick of being lonely&quot; 
@LaurenConrad i just watched your last episode &amp; i have to say im verry sad   _ it wont be the same without you!
doesnt want you to move  weere getting so close. im gunna miss you like hell
doing my story. im such a procrastinator 
just came home from skwl . im soo sick of skwl.! meeehh 
im  pissed coz miley won award instead of paramore 
@forman_ im sorry  u can unfollow me if u hate me
suck at home  boring  im missed rove last night im soooo pissed off at that
uhhhh  im such a bad girlfriend.
im going to the dentist this wk! my tooth is killng me 
@nnoell im so sad la  im tryin to fall sick so i can dont go for msia trip wif family which they're leaving tmr and idk when return
5am &amp;&amp; im still up smh  .. I q2 wake up @ 8
@ddlovato, @mileycyrus,@selenagomez . im so sad becas of you guyz . i thnk i shold give up twiter &amp; thrw all my fan stuff about you away 
im blind  i cant see the tv from my bed  and my man is mad at me  i dont wike it!
oh great. now both my computers dont work...... shiiit. im putaless 
@spudulike im good ta.havent been on so much either,cos i dont have my laptop &amp; i have to use other's 
@mileycyrus miley,congrats for your award.sorry im late.diffrent time  anyway,im so happy for you.you go girl!! 
@carroll777 yea....im also having soar throat..... 
im doing nothing at all..... 
im so bored there is nothing to do 
omg im locked in my house atm  wanna go sit in the sun aswell lolz x
im sorry ): i cant stop crying. i dont even think theres a reason for me to live right now  school soon. then idk...cells good &lt;3
@AdmireMyAttire aaaand i got called into work, so im guna miss it all 
@alwaysshoutalex aww  im sorry
my got mad at me so hes sleeping in the tv room... and im here in my room alone watching &quot;shutter&quot; and im super scared... 
@bowwow614 im up...only cuz i gotta go 2 school 
@apneatic aww im sorry 
im sorry, i didnt mean 2 
@ashes2ashes_uk fair enuff....im hungry i havent had lunch yet coz ppl keep interrupting me 
ew i hate chem  considering giving up &amp; just doing bio at uni... *-) im shit at chem so why then do it at uni?!
@diskollama im soooo not adapting well to the fucking humid weather 
yes. school does suck. sup america. im bored 
says im hungry no money  http://plurk.com/p/xn2n3
@ImTheCeo lol ......so im guessin thats a no ohhhhhhh 
hmmmm waiting for my electric blanket to be warm. quickkkkk, im tired  nighttt twitterrrrrrrrrers
@goblue8426 i know...YAY im excited about that! it's just hard watching her go 
omg cant believe im sick!!! &gt; i better be better before beyonce and @shontelle_layne on wednesday 
ona different note (ef word) im tired and feeling sick. straight to bed for sure when i get home. 
shit im bored 
@chewaine im hungry too 
cuz youve wroked so hard and oi havent even worked i feel like im letting my family down  why do i have to be so lazy??  going to study
im sunburnt  but happy coz new moon trailer looks epic &lt;3
@mileycyrus aww  but im sooooooo excited for the last song to come out, btw are they still holding auditions????
@DJPrettynyce im sure it wuld mad but im nt bak in ny til sept  hopefully sumthin is on then cos ill b there 4 my bday lol
@ciaobella6 im good kinda tired 
@dimruthien im sorry for you darling.. it sucks to lose a pet 
ok I've got to go now.. bad enuff im job hunting in a dress and leggings 
@EnglishBoots dont u just hate it?i feel like im goin crazy 
@joemcd oh i WISH that was me! The weather is still so nice &amp; im officebound 
im actually sooo hot, and my flip flips were cutting into me 
@tishdc no im sorry  anyway i have read that serena and dan will never back together :S but im not too sure about that!
im actually pretty tired... yeah have to be at the practise room for 9:30 tommorrow 
@meaningful yeah i know that.im disappointed bcoz if its being developed 4 consoles it wud be a dumbed down version like fear 2 
@MyInnerSexFiend im just sittin in front of the computer doing nuthing 
im a lil upset cause im missing my neices grad 
woke up super early.. trying to get some more sleep im soo tired but i cant seem to get much sleep lately 
 bummer im sure we'll be able to do it in june 
@TSTLSOOM ill check it out! I wana win any tickets to any show cuz im poor  hahha
@demiswissfan im good thanks u? and im just watching tv and making photo edits u? bummer  have to study for a pe exam
@beckinelson nope,  im keepin a look out for it tho, but no where has it 
lolage... im going to an emergancy nurse 2moz :L:L... theres blood everywhere.. cnt stop itchin  .. hurts so much
@immissworld no   im at work and you would rock waco out
@trvsbrkr lol you're crazy man... to bad i dont live there anymore  @markhoppus im designing the shirt idea for you as i type!
im gettin a bit desperate...why doesnt twitter take my new pic?! 
@Yulsiya meh.... soo bored and choked. animal testing is soososososo sad!  wat are you doin your pro on?
@hadleee you are hahha...im boredddd everyone left me at this gym im all alone  im such a whiny baby
 im sad im suppose to b off today but i gotta go to wrk!!!
@SandraRazo1 gooood! thats so stressful im so sorry 
is all dammitt to hell! I've just been told that we hve to come bak tomorrow......im sooo freakin sad now 
i hate him more now he's sorry x it means i have no reason 2 h8 him x nothin stops me from likin him n dats da problem  im drowning here!
im probably more apprehensive about nm since seeing the trailer. I really want it to be good. the wolf cg looks cheesier than i hoped 
hey im back again and im really really really really really hot!! im like sitting here in my pjs and im still hot  i dont like it!
@abigaill im sorry babe 
im so sad  really sad guys
@cherry_lely i already missed the good stuff but im watching it atm 
hates going to the doctor, im only going because i HAVE to. 
god i feel lyk im in an oven  not gd
@MegaKB your seeing mewithoutyou, corrissa is going to nyc, im... nevermind 
i feel like throwing up again!  i don't want to go to cheerleading cuz im sick 
im flippin trying to upload my pictures with the jonas brothers but its not working 
@mariedancerr i have NO jonas merch, its expensivee, im not happy with myself, i am a jonas fan and i have no shirts or stuff 
havent tweeted in forever!!  im so sorry..
life is good and bad 4 me 1 im partly deaf but im off skool yay but the other bad thing is i carn see morgie or hear him  love u morgie xx
Everyone gets to be with the one they love and mines in manchester  im fucking going mental without him!!!! *crys*
im bored and hungry but i feel like i cant eat now hahaha 
im goin to nap now, doctors appt. soon. ughh 
@beckinelson oh honey  wow, thats so unfair!  im sure she didnt mean it and she's just venting, hang in there
omg im sooo sooo warm!  ughhh !
i have de worst headache wight now &gt;.&lt; im mad and sad 
idk im thinkin about my ex 
im in luv with multiple boys 
100th update... ANYWAYS, i should do my homework cause im doing really bad in school right now 
yes very. I am having second thoughts now  re: http://ff.im/3tuaa
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/6f7ri - im so pleased the guys won!! missed the show though 
@yelyahwilliams why is franklin so sad?  everytime i hear it for some reason it makes me think of good times but im on the verge of cryin
@chaselisbon im sorry about ur chicken. Thats sad. 
im hungry now 
@cruce123 i have no clue, im driving home and cant google it 
@dwgirl4life i hope u dont think im a hoe chica 
ghost - just started ch4 now. shame im too tired  i
fuck. im not even going to be able to listen to the cab for awhile. 
@id10t2u i know. I guess we cant always listen to everything cosmo says  im heart broken now
@georgiaface hmmm im gunna be very near edge and no windows or doors  i dont wanna die xD
tuuuhweet, im cold and my feet need rubbing 
@kimcchung  im sad ur feeling down tho. u shouldnt!
im watching jonas. they make kevin look so stupid. poor kevin 
if i lived in austin im sure id have no problem finding a show to see tonight. 
Guys, im bored and im craving chocolate helllaaa bad. 
im taking a nap...  text me if anything is happening...  
grr y cant i get off im liek addicted to my computer i swear  but seriosuly am really really agravated and stressed out 
im so tired  and i can't walk in this stupid city by myself after dark without my dog. im so mad. no apartments. i'm so mad at this guy.
is getttin pissy cause im so damn tireed buh cant sleep cause im frikin illl! 
@xxxRobyn aww noes, that terrible, im soo sorry  *hugs x
im sorry babe  still hurtin huh?
@jfinau i think its a sign im dying gee what else could go wrong  ice and ibuprofin for now
hmmm...i wondar how long i can hold off on doing blood work...im scared of needles 
http://twitpic.com/6fjpx - cuttin' u know cause im emo 
@brittneysaxberg ouch im feeling bad for you  ur almost there tho...make that money!
im in so much pain!!!  now i have a fear if the dentist...lol but im having a peice of cake so i think il be okay ;)
im so bored  why doesnt anyone want to hang out with me
@MissKsyn im heading to the gym..bout to go in, u know im obsessed now 
i feel like im going to cry. nothing is going right. someone text me  gonna go make cookies for josh &amp; chris i guess
oh my im starving! craving somee sushii nd a coldbuster from jamba juiceeee 
@vbag cus they didnt say my answers on air im sad  lol
@aimeevee im sorry 
@mollieadeux im only allowed 1 under 18 yr old..and I've got chelsea  sorry!
@nicole_b86 aha i think i do too :O i love ozzy  lol think im going to go to bed the now so tired! nighttttttttt xxx
im soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored out of my mind 
@marqfashione no i dnt have any  im shy about the whole youtube thing but im in one of @HostalMalure's vids..u should subscribe
omg, this &quot;im a celebrity get me out of here&quot; show is fracking great! im ashamed i'm watching though 
ok im really fed up with twitter right now 
Its flippin hott! And im so tired.... 
where the hell is my @csi_printchick and @jonathanrknight  im missing them terribly 
im hungry where is my mommy...i dnt feel good 
@ddlovato woww, how was that demi ? im really sad,coz i wont be able 2 see ur concert,  i'll be leaving 1 day b4!i'll be waiting in brazil
ugh im still not on summer break.....huh....im sad.... 
i rly want to win the jonas contest ugh im so nerves ive never won anything before  and id like that electric guitar to practice with my
@LoBosworth just saw your status.. im sorry hun  hang in there, everyday gets a little bit easier!!
http://twitpic.com/6ft5m - im going to miss him... again 
i can't believe i'm getting a puppy tonight! although im still pissed about my youtube suspension.. 
im so busy packing i had to cancel on my date tonight! sorry babe  shes gonna kill me... o_O
im about to cry! 
@XPLOSIVECXC ima read the book again...maybe a couple of times before the movie comes out...cuz im gettin juiced &amp; we have to wait 6 mths 
im really tired,  just want to go see my boyfriend 
@joywecker im jealouss that your seeing hillsong unitedd!??!.. oh and, i miss you. visit me 
im goin to bed early...got mad laps to run tmrw 
blackberry is dead...looks like im going ot have to bite the bullet and get the iphone... 
@RealAudreyKitch dang. im glad your going to get better!  im not getting those shots now...
I have no idea what you guys are talking about. I feel like im not a bro of yours anymore 
im about to go home and chill solo.. 
im hurtin 
just finised my relationship but im not that sad like i expected.... yea,,, abit sad 
hates thunder and lighting!!! im so scared 
im so lame. the majority of my texts today have been to twitter.  cause nobody else is replying. &gt;
@jazziross 2 bad im broke  no heaven for me 2nite LoL u not movin 2 florida, r u?
god im so kool. acording to emilie haha not haha wait thats not funny 
wow im hella tired. worked my ass off today at work. im glad im off tomarrow!!! woo whoo! but wont getta c my baby til wedns nite 
uhh im sick this sux 
I miss my twink  i want to move back to the D but I feel like im missing NOTHING but my man!!!!
back man im not much a twitter whore now  lol
im waiting for my cousin  cuz i'll lend her my laptop...
I have no idea why I do this, when its clear you just dont care anymore, Z...im going to sleep. 
im waiting for my cousin  cuz she borrowed to me.. my laptop D:
im prety sure that i now own  todays equivlent of the beaded car seat cver that my g-ma used  in her vw beetle 8,ooo years ago 
@ur2jealous  im sorry (ur bf right?)
So much for goin to bed...im being dragged to the strip club 
lit review: im doin it wrong 
Ugh i need to do stuff but im incredibly tired and i feel sick  goodnight...?
@cyrahomega im sooo not a nerd  dnt play me mr.hawkins
 im getting the flu..it better not be wat im thinking..i held my breath going past that truck full of pigs 2...
im off again *sighs* i have no energy anymore 
@candydoodles noooooo. im just hungry that why. i want fries.  hmmm. its okaay. i accept the fact that im ugly. LOL. )
thinkin im ite have bronchitis. Yay 
@ditzynicky  im sorry those are never fun
@sonnyjoeflangan haha have fun. and devo, school cancelled the excursion to mca, im like sooo upset 
@NuNuDollie LOL I know  YAY *robot dance* im not gonna keep up with something, i think thats blogger right now 
@SonnyLovato ikr. im going insane. i love a little bit longer  (the cd not the boring song)
um.. im so bred it wud b so cool if i had a real convo wif miley cyrus!!!! lol but im never on at the same time as her! 
@valpalbby  im writing econ notes w/tears... idk wtf im doing right now. im writing down the most random facts.. lol
goin to bed at 3 am...and im not even tired 
oooh im hungry, ever since mum and geoff moved in with eachother we always have tea really late 
hating life cuz im not with rach or jai 
ohh im sooo lazy, stupid study. i just cannot get into it 
im really strugglin to get on here... it never lets me on 
@natwebb haha yeah, just my friend just did that and i dont wanna seem like im copying her. 
@natwebb haha yeah im soo confused gahhhh  lol
sorry guys! i have been sick (swine fluu   ) im going to get this up and running again
im about to do homework! just need to wait for my food  im hungry 
so its 20C outside and im fully clothed with my dressing gown on too, and im still cold  theres something wrong
@Jelibeli LOL no shes evil 
@x_fairy_x wow that is a busy day you've got planned! yeah im good. im being lazy atm and still lying in bed haha. I need to pack stuff! 
@Drewny619 omg ur soo lucky! werd u get that???im just sitting in the vip boxes  any spare tickets??? lol wat do u mean by in4mer?
im gonna to try to put a positive spin on things...working 26 of the next 48 hours....fuck, shit, damn,      ..... damn I tried..
:  im gonna to try to put a positive spin on things...working 26 of the next 48 hours....fuck, shit, damn,  ..... damn,  I tried....
grrrr im like trying to change my letter colour and it keeps saying there was a problem with..... blablabla  i was like grrr i hate youu
@schaeferj89 i know :o  :o  hahah... im alright, could be better but  and you dear?
going on a bikeride now i need some freshair im beguming lazy 
going on a bikeride now i need some freshair im becoming lazy 
im up and going to the mall!! listenin to BDOYL and called in for the tix. supposed to be caller 15 but was caller 14!! 
@sammi_jade aww   im ok, not looking forward to work tomorrow! x
i just cried a lot  im so over that all , and i cant hear it anymore...
@bethbear im not coming to adelaide in july anymore   but if u know anyone who likes short stack/ ellington or amber calling &gt;
i dont feel like doing anything, im bored. i wanna talk to someone, ventttt.  this sucks . ughhh.
im so glad to have some followers i dont feel like such a loser  lol
@MadamSalami not cuz of you, you silly kit kat! im sad i have nothing to read 
tweet tweeet f*cking tweeet, the birdies got out to sleeeppppp... man im boreddddd  lol x
im sick... im currently at the office... wish i could take a rest 
@miszniris and d was like no, its only dat weekend, she looked so sad. oh and that saturday im doing a double ugh 
end of 7th is near!, omg i cant beleive im going to be an 8th grader now, i wish i was still a lil kid  those were da good times 
@sweetstuffs hun, at one point im so fragile and vulnerable .. i need my bestie - it's u 
im soo sleepy..  boutto go back on rude.com
ahhh dammit, im hungry  are you guys? @clikkk
@DAY26addict ughhh im sad  i jus wunna sleep man
im sad mommie is going back to charlotte  
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/6g3tt - im sorry demi.  but i hate this picture. youre beautiful and everything but  youve changed so so ...
http://twitpic.com/6gzlv - im sorry that its too small  but its still hot!!!!
@EDotDizzy awwwww  i'm tryin im tryin. i forget to sign on aim whenever im on pc
@YoungKuntry yea. unfortunately  ... nah im relieved actually lol. what u doin?
im going to clean my room and its gna take me all day. no its not that messy/dirty im jus gna rearrange things. lke takin down posters 
@ULOVELACE im alright. Just a lil upset cause i didnt get the job i was hoping for 
im soo tired and my body is aching. i envy girls who are naturally thin and dont have to work out or eat healthy. boo ! 
back from lunch with kristi...no fun im so ready for miami 
@bridgettebanxxx im mad u been m.I.a 
@minkus im feeling hella anxious for those tickets 
@demilovat0 nooooo, im really hurt!  good bye forever! ... ok, makeup hug! :B hahaha omg, im freezing. how is the weather in there? xx
im goin to miss it here 
@uniqueluvsday26 thanx but im not near a computer right now. damnit! 
@danielvoyager im annoyed as well dan  seems like a captain is going down with there ship 
nothing interesting to say..im losing my cool 
I love when it rains outside even better if u hav sum1 to cuddle with.... And im @ work 
why is it that my teacher thinks we can finish a whole essay by thursday? fml, im so failing that essay 
@femmetality lol o yeah im sad 
y are ppl disturbed by the fact that im a vegetarian...makes me sad 
mom phone disconnected im good jus sad im 22  love u
i officially feel like shit. im going to take a nap or something. all these tears getting on my keyboard arent makinf it better. 
an im off! i hope thats enuf time to digest.. have a feeln im goin to be yakn half way down the trail   lol
i hate bein sick i feel lyk im missin out on important dayz of my lyf 
@HeavenLeAnn haaaaaaaaaaaaay  im kidding lol so when we gonna get drunk ???
@cathy_cochina40 lol i know! and all my bros and sisters went there too! lol im sure they'd remember us  hahhaha oh well, lets see.....
is it even possible to go from vista to xp without having to format everything? im such a n00b 
im hungry &amp; i want a sweet tea..but i cant have anymore 
im really always so tired. allergies ? sinus infection? i dont knowwwww. but i want to sleep in tommorow and not have to go to schooool 
@zaheyraw ohhh im sorry  thats never easy.
@FunnieQu i want some, im hungry 
@dhbossy When is the cruise? I might not be able to make it though cuz im jobless 
ugggh...just started making a memory book....its a good thing.that im letting go.but a bad that im finally walking away  i hate breakups
tminus 8 mins. currently listening to old school eminem. im upset ive lost a horse of a different color and insignificant other 
im crossin my fingerz...hopin tht thngz will work out gr8...lovin my life..missin my otha half 
@gameunicon im so so sorry i didnt show up today i ended up babysittn til 930 &amp; my fone died  i stil want 2 volunteer tho if its not 2late
@peteloveslife ohh i didnt get accepted  and lol forget about english. im all about the historyyyy 
im sunburned  burnt toast anyone? it's worth the tan tho 
 im sorry. Both of you.
@genejo im mad at myself for not making it out tonight. 
@SuzanneReed yes ex. i googled something dealing with tara....im not going to do that again 
He was supposed to have landed @ 11:30..its 1 something &amp; im worried 
@djtruejustice...ur gunna need more than a mojito for what im dealin with 
@justme_muri im exhausted !!!  and my bottom feel violated LOL
@zubinsaxena yup, thts the problem! im still on bloody xp 
ok nobody is replyin bac to me  *tears* lol nah im j/p im bout to finish watchin '5 heartbeats' till i fall asleep i guess gd nite twittz
mama,im so sorry,i always make u worrying me and i didnt spend much time to be wif u  im so sorry,mama
idk why im soo tired  lol ill go sleept early an catch up on sleep gnite
going to work.. im still sick though  ive also realised..i twitter a hell of a lot!
im low key glad i lost my camera, cos i love my new one... but i have no pix from vegas  memory is within me hahah..
ok im off (: hopefully back about half 1, if not.. after 5  
rip my great gran, im sorry i never told you before but i love you, rip. 
@jehsface awwwwww honey im sorry 
@delta_goodrem oh i understand. Just found out my lease isnt being renewed have til 1/7 to find new place &amp; move out  im in a huge messx
what a sad tragedy... im shit scared to fly now 
im sad, i cried last nyt &amp; wet my pillow den went to sleep den woke up den felt sad agen  i donut wan 2 go bak 2 skul!!!
gosh im such a nobody. i never get replies from celeds. its sad 
@cheesehead26 awww  im sorry  im totally stressed out so i know what you mean. final projects up the ass. love you and miss you!!!
i dont know what im going to do with out gellee, shes always there, i loooovez her. 
@jujubeanzzz yea im sick...im pretty sure you didnt get me sick so no need for the sorry..my mom bought me cherry flavored 
@_rosieCAKES around here... lol eventhough i got accepted to school in troy im gunna stay in my area for now... 
im so wrecked diddnt go asleep until 4.30 just watching south park grrrrr. 
im hating the fact that its constantly windy and keeps raining 
back on it got caught and came back off  im a bloody mess!
@lumgi bb im not going back to hongkong  mama wont let mee. sailormoon is awesome! and mercury is lame. muahahaha.
im hungry and i dont know what to eat 
im stressing out omg finals and i havent studied yet  getting ready for school and eating some cheerios
first of eww im up super early and i just saw lightening and i rained a little 
@Its_SiAN yeh but im gunna b there an hour early nd im gunna av an hr doing nothing after...  i av no 1 2 meet up with 
@louiiseeeeee oh really? aww sorry. but it's raining not that hard  im scared of my english teacher.
woah. im really sick.  this came out of nowhere
your the one im dreaming of, i cant live without you love 
@LittleErn that is totally heartbreaking  ,im thinking of his family and know exactly what they are going thru,they will be in my thoughts
@sheen_shine nope  gutted i cant come up tonight, im so fed up! grr xx
im home from school sick  im so tired
Doing my homework.damn im so tired 
@lindz3492 oh lindsey  im terribly sorry! 
thinkin about taking the boat for my trip to africa, coz flying is now not my forte...im scared people like seriously.. 
memories... this sort of crap just doesn't happen anymore   http://tr.im/nh7k
@RachelNow no im not ready, sooo not even funny 
im feeling sad for some reason 
bre has gone to bed. ugh. im so totally going to be bored tonight. and no ones online 
@stefii_wefii  LOL! it's cuz im a bit sicky  last night I fell asleep mad early so that just made me wake up early.. but I do have like...
@annamarie1984 wish i was in bed with you watching harry potter... im shattered!!! 
@moss1982 aww  cant believe i missed eryne and gemma this time!im guessing they arent doing manchester then?
im praying my new haircut will distract everyones attention from my shit presentation 
@blakeblackout oh. im sorry  how bout me and anna move tomorrow.
im payin for tht late nite snack attack.....i have a tummy ache 
@ohsoopretty we got beef..u 4got me yesterday huh? thats not good babe..im really sad right now 
@buhrayaaan yours is saying tweetdeck! yours must be working! im so jealous ... 
@misserika thats why i was up til like damn near six i cant go back to sleep though im sleepy but i cant sleep 
@rennexx omg im so screwed i still havent done anything, i feel so sleeeeeeeepy 
But im about to freaking cry. I hate live nation omg ugh  im like far i think idk ugh
why do ppl hate being called for jury duty? im excited for it yet ive never been called  @eshenayo @klr7626
just slept in for like ever...and ftsk left me a saynow message! im such a loser 
@SightBCC that would be kinda cool but im not a model 
im tired of feelin like this 
ouch i jst banged my tooth  im an idiot rnt i?
sometimes peopel are so annoying when they say  that since im only 15 i cant love. YES i know how to love ok? 
im so sorry sami.! i heard about your dog 
@TalorLoveChris  oh my god im so sorry  xxx
@FLYNAENAE lmao i knooooo  this isnt good boo lol and im stil @fit smh tryna graduate
@ChrisReg yeah man im dissapointed tho 
im hun-ger-eee  ramen gets old after a few dozen packs consumed in a matter of months...;
@Jonasbrothers hi guys. love your music(Y) its coool. to bad your webcast are like at 2am im asleep  gutting tbh. love you x x x marcyy
im really uncomfortable  i dont like this bed, mines better and prettier. and more comforatble-er.  millie is snoring right next to my ear
@Applecored oh... i dont rarley get dm's  im unloved lol
i really wanted to catch up on the greek ive missed, but the 1st one was not available. im sad now  what the heck abcfamily.com?!
@AfricanKueen87 that's the problem!! I can't see anything! Lol im catching the end of w/e ya'll tlkn bout! 
i dont kno how to work this shit! im gettin mad 
headache  im learning nothin  im fucked 4 maths 
@Samantharmora  haha oh i will baby girl i will. So hows dinner? im assuming ur there already since u left without saying bye!!! 
oh man, im so dreading going to the dmv today 
http://twitpic.com/6ltuc - ok im seriously having withdraws 
@benjobubble im only having coffee  some need to take photos lol
@Jaynecollinsmac im coming tomorrow but the people im going with 1 isnt comin for deffo n 1 might not be able to cum!  im 2nd row 2! x
im exhausted... the heat really drains u.. and im feeling sick. i may have 2 throw in the towel on the cleanse  that thing is real
@joek949 hehe..im so happy! im sure he's not gonna let me play with it tho! lol 
@paulavaleria haha whoa. 5'9? im barlely 5'5.  why do i have to be asian and soo short? :-/
@SophsMcG guess im going to pfchanggs alone? 
@JESSisOverrated haha im addicted to that songgg! ive been ill  i need your love to cheer me up...hey u still up for vegas? XD
No Paulant onight, im no longer happy living hear, got to get somewhere else to live. 
i feel kinda sick. im freeing but im physically hot. 
:S just watched the amityville with my bestie.. gosh..  im scared lol...
@MissPassion im tired of this one that i got so ima change it to another pic of me, but it sucks cuz i aint got my laptop 
@selenagomez, my gosh im sorry, thats horrible 
@cocoa1990 oh im sorry! I forget you dont watch it live.  damn me
ok im going to attempt to go to bed because I feel lousy 
@yikesitslinda -___- its called being nice im no ones servant excluding my bro i have no choice 
@elized im sorrrrrrrry  it's the freaking pressure from procrastination. i swear i feel like im getting hives i cant concentrate =/
im about 2 cry...my pic isn't showing up 
im hungry ya'll, dinner wont b ready till around 6 tho 
@CassieLuvzJayk nothing im borreeddd 
@amy2608 just left bus ppl and im close with them i cried when i got off must have looke like a right loon  megan made me a card to  
gone..... i knew tht wud work! lol...im about to watch greek... finished hills... im so sad! 
@ValerieAnn14 hahaahaha lol i know  nope im babysitting genesis member him?
blah..i feel hungover and i didnt even drink :O ...goin back to bed! busy wkend and im sick  how thrillin! 
@36c  looks like we are gonna have to trade back  kidtokid wont let me trade the system bc im not the  original owner...
im stuck watching full house bc brady's napping on top of me so i can't reach the controller and this is the one when their grandpa dies! 
@garciap85 omg u sooo suck im freakin starving 
twitter..bcuz my phone doesnt have any service wher im at 
@bumblebunny im sorry 
@distroia haha..im just SAYING.....oh well we'll see you for jareths but fyi she WAS upset when she found out u n r wont be there  &lt;3 j
@ninatron im glad bc i would miss you on lj if you were gone for good 
@WaKeUp2MuSiC hahaha thanks xD it just doesnt..i had a exam and stuff its just not that fun&amp;im really tired 
@itsambertime haha! but i do think hes gay  hes following lance bass on twitter.
@Its_SiAN im not havin them nxt yr ill av 2 pay 4 em 
@taytayswiftfan1 im sad  i want u to come
is it bad im too poor to even do stupid cute chain letters? 
brr im cold             im gonna watch tv i guess by guys!
@mydogbeasley haha yah. im hoping it can get to a year.  b t dubs all the cookies r gone 
@lovelylc23 bitch wat happen to you last nite??wat you doing 2nite??im working 
@bluemel41 aww  im sorrry boo keep pushing forward there has to be something out there!
@kzone7 im sad about the float too  lets hang out soon!!
@littlesealgrl too bad im goin down the shore  my dads harvest just came in so im stacked on ounces
omg im totally on twitter alone    im missing my friend on here so much   
@FaeriBex @xarawood @ragnarrok you all failllll! im stuck in antrim 
@HennessyEyes T.....im feenin ur some of that graduation cake...shit is gone...im so sad 
@tommcfly  :O poor harry i hope  hes okay   international fans  do my head in sorry  but  its  tru...have a blast  2nyt  xxx
Hey hey wats up ppl??? Aww im gonn miss the ireland game 2moro!  work.... awh!!!
whats good ya'll...pickin out the fit for my outting this evening..im kinda sleepy though 
@macrossisland I cnt play cuz im on my phone 
if my brother dont get his lazy self off the computer i shall attack him! i want to see the jb chat  im iterally losing my mind
@GoodTimesAreGon yeah I was just going to change my password and it says my old one is wrong   someonechangedit, im afraid 2 log out 
@ashleytisdale aw sorry guilty pleasure is gonna leak  im excited tho and everyone will still buy it!!! xoxoxo
im hungry  don't know what to eat
I think i jus hit a lil bird  im afraid to look
@helpfindnevaeh  My english is bad  sorry did they find her or only her body im totally confused please help me ;(??
im sitting at home wondering how i couldve fallen for this guy i work with. hes and dick and will forever be a bachelor 
im almost annoyed.. been and got sims 3, installing it was like waiting 4 xmas and my scabby computer hasnt got a good enough video card 
ciro told me to go to www.meatspin.com and i did  wahhhh yyyyyy im so dumb
@joeymcintyre our easels broken  im ur vol btw but we'll manage thank u again xoxo
omg. just got home from work  im super tired :|
@glasswentsmash im sad  mcfly is not coming to peru :/
scary advert on tv and im sitting in the darrk!  aha im such a wimp! :| hehe.
@Molly_Wells yeah im excited but ima miss new york  i hope i fall inlove wit houston my family out there tells me its great
im studyin for my finals  steel structure sucks!
@madeofhoney1 abby. im sorry i couldnt connect at all last night  im sorry babies. i love you. i stayed in the room. i miss you i love you
@kreacherl except mine are stubby cause im short 
@dgabby16 im doing nuffink, yep made my vid, but it's not responding atm &amp; I haven't saved it, so I'm scared it's guna get deleted 
its hayfever  aww man im not feeling too well 
@allikatetor im short too  i wish people said i had nice legs cause im always worried about them so i hide em. we need looong sats legs
@ronsalcedo im broke and its no joke  im saveing up for my skates ! i miss bubu so much :'(
@ShantiSaha ohhh im alive alright!! im jealous you guys are goig to lakeshow without me 
im in need of a nap but i can tell i wont get one 
@_Weebs   oh.. it is? &gt;_&gt; I mean!  Of course it is... :L  im tired as welll 
{does not understand those who twitter every 5 mins!} im so tired and im still sooooo sore, im gon bed. work tomorrow gah 
@springtree yeah im not happy  they were my everyday earrings :'(
@tyhunt hahah im sorry  i didnt even know they were gonna be here until like 2 hours ago
missing my oh  hes out at the #glastonwick festival while im at home alone and twittering about it.  sad i am.
everytime @dawnrichard go live im neva home 
@kimron wassssup ... im phoneless cant bbm 
so my firiends are all going to a party tonight.. well sorta party.. and im not going cus i have to watch my dog.. im so sad  and bored...
looks like im drinkin by myself....sad 
@cilliank did u find out wen tey ar out nd dosent luk lik im getin new xbox 4 a while coz i can get any money 
is bum cause im sick and not going to see carey hart today 
I wish her attitude would change. It's horrible. We may be related but.. shes just different. 
Its raining &amp; im stuck n da house!! 
hey wats up guyz..im still in pain coz my boil hurts 
im sooo mad right now! listening to music that normally makes me happy, but is making me cry 
im watching wwe, smackdown. call or text me if you've got my number. im in pain  hopefully tomorrows better :/
omg i knt sleeep oo i need to wake up early cuz im going to avnouz , help me people 
im a little bit bored right now 
so freakin tireddd. i feel like im drunk. 
Ahh for fuck sake im confused 
hey holly. when you get htis im sorry im not hilarious like your other best friend.     i guess i lost my touch. :'(
@LOPchelle yucky  im sry
@buckhollywood im sick  but im watching american gangster, i love denzel! dont you?!
--@omgitzshana im not doin shiiiit tonite. im sick as fuck! 
I hate this , why does he have to be my step cousin  oh well , he keeps comin on to me ;) ha ha im in such a good mood , jesus , im tw ...
@mini84 im sad that youre not here playing pool with us. 
im really cold and stuck studying 
@LaiSan_C  wales huh  wales seems pretty boring to me... lol.  but i guess walking might be fun.  im watching a show called the mentalist
@JHDM tru yeah its been a while lol but im gna head out bc i have a shitload more studyin to do  but ill def ttyl pce xoxo
my friend is saying that pcd dont like singapore concert..!! im sad after i heard that..idk..sign..is that true?i love pcd tho.. 
@honorsociety  why didnt u guys say on twitter that you were having another live chat? i love them! they r so funy..im sad cuz i misd it 
@wolfchild59 im sooo jealous, I wish I were there 
im desprate to go for the iifa awards but idk if my dad would actully let me go.. 
Exceedingly tired  im in need of a serious nap.
@t2therell hell yeah it was freezin! shit was pissin me off lol, excuse my langue im a little mad rite now because im not on mars 
@DanggItsDevin hahar, thaaats cool. im not enjoying the winter  ahar. and im still grounded oii. argh iht sucks ihave nothing to do.?
@dopejeanine without one of her favorite rabbitss  im so maddd. fuck my head! and my job!
@davidrules04 ha as if!!ive had two hours sleep and im wrecked  think im gonna have a nap on the plane,with the help of the maccabees.lol!
cant believe im going to bed this early on the weekend  ughh... work is ruining my life!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahaha... :-/
im aching in places I didn't even know I had inside me  &lt;/3
At least ur with friend im home alone blogging 
mkay im really bout ta  crash ! ugh me n tha couch tonight  long story. t00dles !
@soleus17   im sorry i wasnt there..
@mattpro13 im sorry people are mean to you  hope you are feeling better!
hung out with friends, feeling kinda sick  but domo is next to me yay! who even knos what im saying lol
so happy she has a dvr...since im wide awake 
tom has gorgeous teeth and after my conan fix, im going to dream about carls jr 
@christian0386 aye.im excited.i need something to cheer me up. 
im reaally reaaly cold. &amp;&amp; mum is saying she is hot gosh one of us must be sick ughh most likley me 
@officialtila im awake but doubt you'll talk to me. 
@brunomagnum. ahhhhhhhh! hahahaha im sorry sorry dan! im at home  the rain ended the night early.
im sure there is a law were u must sell what is advertised, not some cheap crap alternative, not happy and i will be letting argos know 
I feel like im melting infront of this fire...no more ktown tonite 
I hate that i crack my knuckles cause im afraid when i get older i'll get arthritis 
@hondalude89 I'm just getting hm drunk on the internet and ur up feeding the little one 
@miichellie im hungry now and la fogata is closed! 
im getting so sick   this long weekends sucks!
@demiswissfan im sorry she hasnt toured here yet either 
Its 6am..im in v.a. wit my 1yr old son..i gotta show @ noon..im in the hos cuz my son got a 104.5 fever...im soo tired 2 even do the show 
@mymemoirs it is, its real fun, ok im bringing it on tuesday, now im thinking i want a pair for myself...  shame i didnt buy 2 more..
@peachy_gold  ahhhh im so scared 
@missgoldfinger Sims 3 is a load of crap  im so annoyed with it lol
Everyones out partying and im sitting here... twittering... feeling very low at the moment 
@nessie_111 aaahhh... yeah im in devon - tis chuckin it down here in plymouth  wanted to go to uni to finish my presentation but...
im dead tired.. feel like a hug 
im alone and hate thunder! my dogs going nuts! 
@thcasper haha neither do I!! like no idea!! im useless! 
@Mattkean so im def screwed...lost my ticket fer tonight 
@Demeizer man u hardcore im on at 8am  and ive already had it weekend brain hates work 
@zebedeejane @zebedeejane aww its so nice here today and im stuck inside i cant even ride  tht sux...
Not drinking , woah what a start . ah  i think its cuz im to apathetic to drink tonight  !
im so cold  i need to do stuff but im too cold and lazy hahaha
@evexo eeeee i want too  but i have no money and im still sat in me pjz like a lezza
errrk. im tired of everything. 
im tired as crap, hungry and lonely..i miss my lover  i wannna cuddle
ate a bunch od mini pancakes and im still freaking hungry.. 
@CLADEUCE man ima try to come out on sunday im sure u will be nowhere to be found again 
dude. im deppressed now! that went by way too fast. and paramore didnt even play long at all 
@clarinev lol, transformers! more than meets the eye ;) im using my aunt's bb now, mine is fcked up. the internet is kinda blaahh 
fuck im fucked  goodnight,,,,
im so jealous of everyone that has the sims 3  they make me hate my life
@Mileymandyfan_ heya, im gd thanx, kinda bored of revising  how are you?
im actually so bored  and i have to work late grrrr.....
now im sick though  im just glad i got sick when i got home and not while i aws in quebec!
im thinking about him again. i need to stop doing that so often. i thought we had a ~future. i thought we had something. i still love him 
@singlemom75 omg hows everything going with apollo &amp; romeo? im so behind 
im so annoyed that my freezer has stopped working and it was full as anything :@ 
to be honest i dont wanna go.. im sorry 
Realised im stuck in the habit of sleeping 5-6am now..damnit  i feel so crap.
im hungry thas all  @MriLLesTFresH
im so hungrrryyyy i hate being hungover  starving starving! i have a craving for a weeee fajitaaaa! we have none 
@absolutiyer tweeting law-mely or studying. im sorry, but i kinda have to pick the law-tter right now. 
someone bought the trampaline  im sad now
@nileyworldtv im sorry  i would go over right now if i wasnt at dennys.
@shanedawson i sorry u fell thad way  im sad im not ther to make u fell better
`im tired of living out of my suitcase... 
@PrinceSammie ugh you should go to day 2 tomorrow thats when im goin 
shes leaving 
@1HundredPercent i took it personal! cuz im so nice and stuff to you! 
@cindy_lam :O how sad omg before her weddin jeez  haha u prob wana stay up now dat wer al on!wel im off 2 try find sumtn 2 do ha byeeexxx
@oasis yea but u know every1s just waitin4 u lot!! im bk at work n bk 2 fukin reality 
not a happy bunny found out yesterday im getting made redundant and with two mortgages to pay cos house not sold its not good 
im jealous of my sister. she's in manc seeing oasis! 
im in serious need of medication!!!!!!!!! 
@kamxbam yeaa your qrandmother.. im sorry 
heeey im doing homework.. -_-... which sucks...  big history project
@TheRealJordin hey jordin. well im a fan also and i really wanna be your friend. pls reply because im dying to ask you some questions 
have to stay home cuz im too sick to go anywhere...lame mom 
@TheScriptFan no im 2 young 4 oxegen  ! mum said when im older i can ! btw wat age do ya hav 2 b anyways 4 oxegen ? x
im ragin i cant find lydia 
@ohsoshiny  im sorry yo. That isn't fair. You still up to talk or is your mom there now?
oh no! im back at 120 followers ... i lost my 121st  why would u unfollow my rack???
@JGDemas aww congratulations!! and thank you for the other message thats really sweet im not gonna be on twitter for 2wks from tues  xx
@nickijo mine too, its super upsetting. im sorry sticky. 
Off work and im fuckin hungry but im a broke bitch again 
im soooo tired! gotta cut the grass 
Just had dinner and im still hungry  hmmm... somethings not right there.
am i a brat?  my mom says i really am an other ppl say i am too! im soo not that
@xxSh0rtcakexx lol yea im sure he will be bakc when im not on here cant be on at nite on the weekends 
@emmarossx yeh hha tht was hilarious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! am bored  unbore me
@kevinlove21 im not sure.. i think it's something about the single ladies video  #jbyoutubesuspended
@amandaexoxo its catching on!! &amp; im sorry ur starbs was janky 
woahh tetris is 25 , i remember when it came out ........ wait im too young 
@_nicmac um whatever you feel like paying. and ummm hahah its not my fault im poor.  i will be able to go if you help ;);););))
@Toyaofficial really i want to be a disney star to people at school lol at me tho  but who will lol-ing when im on t.v
@xMoonyx yep sure is  lol im tryna stay calm!! think i will just go ahead and plan and ignore every1 else hehe x
wow peeps feels like i aint twitteed in a while been real busy, n my internet gt cut off  nt to worry, im all gd hope all yall r gd 2 
god im freakin bored, im at home with nothin to do 
ohh and im a right loner to be honesttt 
@ahj bonkers ! didnt know if i should reply on here or facebook. shame im not going to norwich 
goinggg to the premire offf drag me to hell , im soo nervousss 
@mslindaday so im going to brasil by my damn self! 
im quite suprised at some of the shit some peoplewill say and do -  poor boo, not texting back! 
@collinsworth im sorry. 
I can feel my throat tightening up if im gettin sick ima flip 
texas is  H-O-T hot. lols but i love college station.. its beautiful. new home....  i feel like im cheatingon colorado!! lols jkjk haha
@markkasper same  im sorry again
@stevenmarkorton you loser! no im in the wine vaults twittering you, im the loser 
ok im going home. i miss everyone 
@JLSOfficial aww lool im still tryin to win tickets  x if i dont win dem  x  love you guys like mad too x
@Glasgowgirl nope still selling! why r  u interested? yeh im proper gutted 
cant stop sneezing  hope im not getting the flu
people never change and thats something im going to have to live with! 
my moms neglecting me because im half deaf  im hungry!
Taking a little break from gaming, we are progressing kinda slowly  haha but at least we are playing, im still the only one i know that...
@XxLouLou90xX nahhh im not  im just sat here on laptop with earphones plugged in lol, everyones watching something on tv!
whoa im sad right now 
im staying in tonight, got no money  dont drink too much!
taking a nap, im tired &amp; dont feel good 
@mcbrush i will! Or if you went already maybe we can do something later? But lowkey bc im still a lil sick 
 single and not sure shes ready to mingle
@stephylouise (I love this dear but im afraid i need my bed  nanight!!) xxxxx
im missing someone 
im not going to the summertime ball either, damn birmingham too far 
im very sad  i bought sims 3 but it has 2 hav this weird video card!! ((
im wondering where my good friend @rusk has gone too  . itsbeen too long
im pretty fer positive I close with the asshole 
hmm im losing followers now.. Am i really the boring???? 
im tan! yes! getting ready for taylor's going away party 
@SofiCarolini I have one more day left and then 6 exams! Theyre stretched out for like three weeks, though 
@bradiewebbstack  why dnt u like rite bak to me.?  . its sad becus im going out of my time jst to u becus ur my fav. and yea 
im at my dads friends house. its sooooooo boring. 
in need of a major smoke sesh fer sure. its coldddd  and im hungry  hawaii sounds amazing right now.
@jordanknight im not there  wish i was itd be nice 2 go 2 a dry concert
@emilymarie11 i know i was kidding!!!! haha im sorry reyghan 
@simplykeesha its hard to recognize u i cant see ur face in ur default   im sorry
grr im bored and there's nothing to do..  anyone want to hang out?
@burghseyewife im sooooo jealous  hav fun!!
im fiending to see kasabian again 
@shep689   im jelous beyond belief
@JOECOLUMBO i ate too much n now i have the itus  but apart from that im good, howz you love?
im sad now cause i lost my yearbook or someone stole it!!  i can get another one but it wont b signed!!! im so sad about that!! (((
@candygirl3790 awww im sorry to hear that hun i had to do that with my last kitty it was heart breaking  i will never forget her
@cessijaa im real good ta, how are you!? i haven't seen/spoke to you in so long!  xo
im so happy that I came here to watch the mets suck  
@iLoveDemiSelena not much im soo teird aswell   had like 0 sleep last night  and what do you meen your wondering what goin on?
@ShystieUK aww ty 4 replyin its like woo lmao im l by luved the best female mc get in there i wnt b online 4 a while after 2nite  xx
im bored and whos fault is it? my mom. she's mean. 
im hurtin 
my new medication is messing with my sleep. im supposed to go dancing tonite but im so exhausted, this sucks 
@dorkydeanna im sorry.   I don't know what to do..
Rest in peace my grandpa, hem my-other-grandpa hm hhhhhh im still sleepy 
i really fucking hate you right now ugh! i need like 800 cigginz at the moment but im stuck at my aunts house 
@pnchamilton girl im sooo sorry i saw your channel  i cant believe someone hacked you!
@idazzled @fannaZA ehh u two gossip bout me while im away ekh? i was asleep alr. Not feeling too good actually 
@shaundiviney  followme pls. how come u never reply bak to me. tats sad.    im a big fAn of short stack.
@cccp2040 i am graduating tomorrow im not going to challenger.  nvm lolz
I won't be happy about bein alone and not gettin my back rub 2nite tho @MrsOfficerTia 4 real im sore and still mad bout last nite 
@teamDdemiLovato yea im good but im still sssooo tired 
@pinkstar1409 im gunna miss you 
@moneyinxxx yeah, but im already contracted 
missin houston...im no dallas girl 
just saw the new moon trailer. im so excited. i dont want to wait that long. 
im really dissapointed that sims 3 is not online interactive  missed oppurtunity there. maybe it will be in an expansion?? sigh
im so exhausted that my bones are becoming brittle 
@taries31 yuuuuuuuup....  .................. sorry.... im rude 
oh my god this shit is getting adicting, im like writting everything that im doing, and everything that comes to my mind 
im up now...hair looks boofy but i dont care..its not like im going anywhere.....cause i've got no friends (aww sad face)  
im sorry  maybe you should try it....
@chrishalluk yeah im sure... im still super exhausted tho.. n I gotta work in the am 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/6shtr - im so jealous of ur hair 
hey hannah wats up are you feeling better im still really sad and i want to cry but ive ran out of tears 
@bowwow614 im a fan and u havent talked to me yet 
idk why i always like the wrong guy. im having problems with that right now. 
@natneagle gah im sorry...its discontinued, i think.   sooooorry, realized it after replying 
O yea! n she didnt get her tat bc ppl can b so SAPPY!! all n da way  hopefully 2morrow after church :p {such a heathen} lol lol im weak
Oh noes,  im out of lortab    sad times!
yeah..  im tired 
@fabianacruz sorry darling. im not that way, im actually nice! im in a really bad mood  sorry..right, its your mind not mines. take care
oh... im sorry you lost it... 
@lee_kd ahaha aww fair enuff then, aw another hour, im sooo bored stuck at home 
omg. i feel like i havent tweeted alot. im sorry guys!  i need to get back to doing it more.
@colour_my_world awww...thanx hannah! im really gonna miss u when school ends..  and thanx 4 the pic.
im actually getting teary eyed watching this... 
@drama_beatz im sorry im such a loser.. but only really ace people laugh at their own jokes nukka! lmao. ok sooo.. ugh i forgot now.   ...
hot dangit im annoyed as hell, my cold isnt going away 
I come with more hassle than im worth.  im sorry
goin homeee. then headed straight to bed, im sleeeepy! i miss muh boy 
@ella05  doesnt seem like im going doll.
lol tony does need his own twitter im call him hariet the spy but im still sad ray beat me at beer pong 
wow guyz im sooo tired..no really i havnt had much sleep coz of my boil  aaww
@SamanthaLuthra I cant believe youre done and im not  boooo schools ruining all of our fun
He is the reason why im broken 
feeling a little hurt  but it's fine nothing to stress im over it
im looking at my pics and video from tonight, and im sad its over 
im doing jackSH**  &amp;bad mood blah
@kingdodger78  i want to go to the bar too but fuck if im driving ive got enough trouble to worry about
@cinabun im sooo hating cus im def on my phone lol no trey songz ustream for me  im figurin that was my surprise ? lol
@FRAYZmidieast aww im missinq it  u shulda been at the qame it was a beautiful scenery @IamDanWilder whattup babe!
@igoraragorn oh man. but if she doesnt want anything, thats her unwise decision...and im worried that youre falling in love by yourself 
@staaceeyy awh no  im so sorry &lt;3  whats wrong with mumma? trauma from what happened?
i guess if your famous twitter is fun but im a nobody 
hmm im going to miss my brother when i go to portugal 
@ddlovato im so bumed, i live in australia so i cant try out for your shoot  sucks. we get no opportunity here  i want to be&gt;&gt;
im mad sober.  im suppose to be high wif da birfday boy.
@strstruck no  &amp; im getting annoyed by not having one. when im lookin for 1 aint nobody hiring but when i wasnt . .you know : /
@jeanbugoverload im sry.  ur like the only person i know who doesn't like the movie that's all
im in love with 'love' and not with you  its extra sad cuz i kno its tru
@mscrzy_81 and let me finally be happy. im just so over everything 
mooorrning  all im doin tday is exams .. 
btw, i know that hate is a strong word and shouldnt be used out of context,so im changing 'i(think)hateyou' to 'ireallyreallydontlikeyou' 
@ASpotlesssMind im home early because im a gayyyyy  shoulda went to see the bosssssess!
@Xtoxic_cupcakeX im sorry 
night! im sad people... my &quot;bffs&quot; leave me out of everything its like im only their friend when nobodys around.. 
@trix_mcrmy  .they dont love me :'( im sure,babe (
@heyyitskate why??? lol ill whore you out :]] im trying to buy one right now but its not working  im soooo sad
its 3:30 am and im not tired bc im too busy getting sick left and right. fucking a 
@tappdancekidd ooo journalism thats cool. . . um im taking an intermediate algebra class over  im more of an english person. . . lol
@sivonclaire @youmakemehappy2 yeah im a available for commission...some people think im too expensive tho 
the twitterness is awesome, im kinda bummed cuz i broke up with my girlfried today, but i hope she can forgive me and not hate me 
@jessicalouisee  im sorry hun, i too thought things were going well
im really sick...boohoo 
@zdub96744 im at ward not in clubbing clothes 
im upp im crazy plpz crazy lol crrrrraaazzyyy!!!! im up ok im off 2 bed now by myself tonite   so lonely
is feeling restless. gawd, im missing cinta fitri again 
im feelin down, my sister said im ugly &quot;u need to change ur face, get a plastic surgery&quot; even she said she was joking. it hurts me so bad 
@amy_tran aww i hella wanted to go i juss didnt have the money  im glad you had funn thoO!
@justindg im sorry 
@artistiquemeg im saying your a fuck the world person (in a good way) im the same.  chest one is kinda patchy because i picked the scabs 
@Jessg85 u think thats bad... im at home and working 
@lizzieeeh yeap iit is raining :/ i hate the rain so much  but it makes me laugh when im in my bed and people are out in in  hahaha  xx
@rkb09 im not even listening to it... dont wanna get too depressed!!!! haha.. might listen to it in a min though  omg pleasee kill me!!!
ouch i jst banged my tooth  im an idiot rnt i?
i watched some merlin cheyenne! ahaha and im confuzzled u must explain it to me tomorrow! backk to school 
Oh and im sooo rooted from all my looney toons shows 
i just thought up a cracker for this jonas comp. haha, im still not going to win though 
@ciaral91 nooo  im hopin for one in bershka in dd cos my bros gf works ther n she was ther wit d manager wen i went in so! im in ;) hahaa
@caseeyrae looks like i cant come tonight honey im sorry 
im quite upset  no more lct, or p.e? why am i so stupid lol. kerrie, i'll miss lct  woah, mac argument again!charlene still being a fud?
anyone want to come round on friday? cus its my birthday then and im probs gunna be playing wow by myself 
@ADrunkReaper I got 2 of those I havent been able to do. 1 on 2nd island and 1 on 3rd. Theyre stopping me getting 100% 
mew glasses and moms brought me sims 3 but im not allowed it till my bday  13 daysssssss
thats weird i'm in wisconsin and suddenly all the chi town peeps are in colorado  sorry im missin them
omg! geography sucs  doin homework n totaly mysified don't hav a clue wot im doing...
i am so poor. im dont think i would do very well in online-gay porn, and im having a hard time finding clinical studies or anything 
omg im so mad bc i keep missin trey songz and bow wow when dey go live!!! 
@urbanfly in that case, where the feck is the 'icon' image well it mentions for customising menus?  http://tr.im/nHDj
@danield6 hahaha it really slips my mind! im sorry! 
yeah, im the shortest person on twitter haha 
dealin w a bit of a headache. and i think i am starting to get sick, my throat is sore n im sneezin alot..   
Aloohaaa @Nilamelodi ..hehe..im wishing to have a vacation like u in lombok.. 
http://tr.im/nHIs songs like this make me confused about what decade we're in.  i like it, but im still confused.
@JLSOfficial aww im so guttered dat im not dere i feel like cryin  ave fun thou x love youu boys your bein played like mad on starz x x x
ok on youtube i have got 2  im cficl sub to me
i hate life i hate school, it's jusr sux!  so it's not like im sad enough my parents start you yell at me? i hate it! :[
Ugh im sooooo mad i missed da party last nite   12DAYS 
@nicoleh0984 .. im sorry he is a bible basher .. he told me ! 
finished the platano  im tired of this crap
cause im not your princes ... 
@funsizejess im sorry  is it who i think it is?
@echeloneffect ahh yeah i gotta get some more eh im all out 
im just at my homework oh thajoys of physics 
@tommcfly look it's @keren4562 i really sorry, i did'nt ment to insult you or somthing! im soo sorry!! forgive me? plzz? im so sorry! 
@tommcfly look it's @keren4562 i really sorry, i did'nt ment to insult you or somthing! im soo sorry!! will you forgive me?  plz?
@tommcfly look it's @keren4562 i really sorry, i did'nt ment to insult you or somthing! im soo sorry!! will you forgive me?  plz?(
im off to go outside  see y'all laters zzz
@tommcfly it's @keren4562 i so sorry! so so so sorry! plz plz plz forgive me! i did'nt ment. im so stupid! im so sorry! 
aww im sorry  what did he do?
@tommcfly it's @keren4562 i so sorry! so so so sorry! plz plz plz forgive me! i did'nt ment. im so stupid! im so sorry! 
@tommcfly it's @keren4562 i so sorry! so so so sorry! plz plz plz forgive me! i did'nt ment. im so stupid! im so sorry! 
I just watched some stuff on youtube.now i rele cant wait 4 revolve.im sad natalie grant wont be there though  ugh [blossomPPG]
idk if im learning anything 
@Nickyyy92  makes ya sound older aswell but im turning 17 an all my mates are starting to turn 18 i was one of the youngest in the yr sly 
ugh im tired! me and sarah had to deal wit 3 hags from hell last night 
goodmorning everyone, I got ur pokes lol...im here im here...idk what im doing 2day  
@NeverShoutSophi ok and stop joking , lol i dont suck but im not good either  k have fun
im sleepy... but i cant sleep now unless i wana cry myself to sleep .. :L &lt;33 @SexiiParis no it isnt ok  and ill nvr tell him ily moree &lt;3
@ohhector aahh im such a bitch, dont hate me 
@gracielaM selfish girl  hahaha im hungry papitas &amp; chicken please
i juss got the news that im NOT going to the jonas brothers concert bcuz its sold out!!! 
@Poetic_line I know plus I always get ideas when they talk but since he blocked me his messages dont come to my phone anymore.im soo sad 
dag  im getting jelly...wish i could have a do over for my bday 
@brimoni ahh im soo sowwyyy   i love u &amp; @kflosworld and hope u feel better!! peptobismol! lol
threw up on the airplane  ugh. im so embarrassed. i want my mommy. haha
@auri_2412 . . im bored  i want to speak to someone lol.
sweetie,im fine.i dont kno y u cant get thru 
@ktoint83 ok im sorry i'll shut up! 
@mitchelmusso i wish i was in cajon today!  im tryin to see u thurs though! have fun &amp; i hope u dont get chased again! that was so rude!
@LovinFancy im ur friend im everybody friend im js bored 
@beckinelson both nights ?? i wish i could go  its so ridiculosly overpriced considering, at least im goin beyonce again tho !! xoxo
lmfao @ her myspace status &quot;alex blocked me from his myspace   . i dont deserve this, im just a nice sweet girl who loves him &quot;
@MaRty_McFlyy omgggg thats scary!!! im happy with my simple one year relationship  dont scare meeee! gawd im sorrrrrry!
feeling sad  im so sorry
im just staring @ my clubbin outfit  LOLLL
@AlexMcConduit its lookin good out here. welll i wouldnt really know cuz im in my room packing  wutr they out here 4?
nothing im bored 
@vik18 im truley sorry! from the bottom of my heart @tommcfly plz forgive me 
im gona go rest my leg hurts        
@mitchelmusso im so sad that im not in cajon  what kind of superfan am i! lol. what are u going to do with the fram we got u?
im in love withh this &quot;power ranger&quot; jerkkinnn and i cant find his myspacee  damm hes so fuckin FINNEEE!!!!! haha
nope im about an inch awaay. 
blah! i have to take my spanish exam tomarrow!  im so going to fail it.
My computer has a bugga  its okay though because im listening to cage the elephant 
I'm getting the fail banana at tr.im  And just when I want to post a pic to try to demonstrate what I'm going to explain terribly
Waiting for big brother - im sooo bored 
im not a fan of sore throats 
@heartbrken4evr awww im sorry  x
@sarah_fn i knw the feeling,so fucked for tomorrow  im sad now lol
Ghey english.  gay candyman. im so tired!
ok im sad 2 say im addicted 2 sims 3!!!! oh and tat leavin cert thing continues 2morrow 
im relaxing nothing to do  right  now...  
wow im board parents wont let me take my van so guess cant hang with kenzie 
@hitekfame lol.ur so rite.an im outta books2read.im all alone n ricos apt. 
lots of tv to watch!! have to cathch up on my viewin as im rather behind 
omg...  im so pathetic... cant make jelly T.T
im so loney. anybody? 
secret millionaire is so sad  im actually crying aha
omg im so fuckig tired..im trying to find something to do..but i cant 
@bushontheradio uh no she is not! dont u mean kate? im gutted, i wanted her to win 
@beckym1985 haha the mini bus is all taken up im afriad  woulda been great for you to come! im really nervous but im ok - hows you?
but i wanna see my friends! or anybody, im so bored 
god im such a fat ass  im sweating after 1 mile 
eeek have a whole sript to learn for tomorow ... and im falling asleep. i might just have to admit defeat 
i just made this and im following random ppl and i dont like that one bit.   
PHILLIPA whats wrong?!? im so worried! cheer up chuck i'll cry if you dont  and you know i will! look! im welling up!
@tommcfly you broke my heart saying this, even im brazilian one, im sure that you don't lose any fan, you're great 
@mrs_unreal  LOL @ the raining on face, awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww   im hungry make me fud
@P3aSaNtDaGr8 naw im finna go 2 the er  im losin 2 much blood n i barely have ne
@KryssyNicole he's so fug. im so sick of him and kristen. they ruin edward and bella for me because i love the characters but hate them 
im sorry catherine and tony 
@moniquexo theres enough room  and im more in love with mayday.
@AdrienneNycole wellll being that peppers has my military id and the commissary is closed im stuck  i should just enlist lmfao
WOOH! im tired lmao i miss itachi-kun  sad face* but im glad hes talking to me again &lt;3
@beccadurbin  aww im sorry, its not serious is it?
iunno why i even got twitter tbh.... im tired 
@L_A_LuVerGyrL im NOT a huge fan of mole. 
@carswani yeh i need to do another,now that im like u and have sum white face paint..but um..im ok..just tired  
@mileycyrus im sorry ... you seem sad  i love you and feel better!! im so sick but be better&lt;3333333333
im so bored now that i don't have anything to do. 
@mcr_rocks_alot im so so so so so so so sorry 
@SunnieBridges yea vegan b im tight i wasnt invited to ya movie shindigg lol.. so what kinda cute am i now  loll
omg. im soo sick of nevada. i miss cali 
im up, think i might go back to bed. still tired 
On the way to town  , im so tired. - http://tweet.sg
@tommcfly omg so bad you didnt come to mexico  and dnt worry tom you guys r great..im sure the gig wasnt that bad
im talking to my bf right now. he says we need to talk......... he just dumped me.  tears are falling down my face. i love him.
@iheartscuttle well nikki is pass no121, so i reckon 200+ thats why im gonna get a rubbish place  cause ill get there late probs  i wish
*sigh* im so cranky.... make me stop being cranky 
Crushed  im gonna cry, theres no intrest free thingy. What about credit card  im so sad...
@iheartscuttle i have no idea..  hopefully its like first comed first served, im like 50 something LOL.. im good i dont even kno  haha
@_stacey_rae i really hope it works... is the video on the power point? omgif this doesnt work im actually going ot freak out!!  (yn)
@gauneyKAY lol im sad that atl have left australia for real 
Watching the game but really not in the mood  http://ff.im/3HHUZ
come on orlandooooooooooooooo!!!!! my sissy ( @msbellabee ) left me she back at scotts she cant go unless im down there 
@luv_the_radke im sorry  email me?
@lisattruong &amp; yeah the american apparel le sac, im a little retarded so idunno how to wear it  im finally replying to you LOL
i dont want to graduate im gunna miss u in high school TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much like its's not even funny 
im very sad..   miley follow me !
@HHutch the guy im seeing dislikes him 
@QuilAteara1 hey but im not a bad vampire now am i  gets offended and almost leaves
@itsmecantyousee im sorry 
@FrankLee_ this laptop...im upset i have it now cuz...i gotta give it back 
@homesickblues  dont. If you need an escape im down the hill.
So im already sad and &quot;officially missin you&quot; is playin on the pod! 
so mad I cannot do a 6inch heel...im a little too clumbsy...lmao *sigh* those shoes were so bad 
@panicsong im not at home  humm school sucks :p byebye
so im pretty sure that im a big slut.i alwaays lead guys on then just stop talking to themm. its pretty messed upp.  im sorry to all guys.
@sgmontgomery omg sami love! im so sorry ur grampy passed  i love u!
@chefjoanna: nevermind, the remedy I was thinking about turns out to be a myth  http://tr.im/nJYF
awe its at the part where the second half of the boat is sinking  this movie's soo sad idk why im watching it again..
@katepatto it is an overload  do you reckon it could work in deltas favour tho? @LittleYellowJen neither,im quite superficial myself haha
feels like im gonna get sick...wow....ive never felt like this....ugh 
im dying from the hiccups  someone save me...lol
@jsph_o  im sorry im poor and have to work. hahah
@trniii ok im not sad anymore...that leads me to think about what else i say to you that you dont pay attention too...sad again 
im thinkin twitter sucks.. 
@jasperhaleRGP thats cool. im boredd ! 
@roadtrees ahaha twittering. im bored. i havent done homework tooooooo. sucks 
@shellywellyx1 i forgot hoe. im fucking waking up at 9 for that shit. i dont know anyone taking health 
@omgitsdustin  sexy.....im really jealous....mine just chucked a donut at me  ~beau~
fiance went back to colorado (our apartment) im stuck in boston still 
im ballling  marley and me was the cutest movie.
@nicagarcia  im sorry to hear that.
@kalylapermata @vialka, im really sorry  wish i could come with u guys.
Going to bed, goodnight! @twchurch1989 im sorry 
@kazzba i have meeting at the school for ben, thats them just taking notice. im still feeling shitty but i need to go  xx
@TheDesignMan erg youre leavin me.... 
15h b4 flight to hk..n im still in doubt..going or not going 
GOT OWNED! can't hangout, text, play games, go online, NOTHING. im really smo now even more than earlier 
im so madd argah i coulda seen the jonas brothers for free 
it went from bad to worse. im out. was placed at 23,547 out of 53,452. Blinds were to fast, not enough hands and shit cards. 
im angry , im sad , im nervous :@ well i need so much vocations..! i hate Omhros..(:p)  i hate school i hate love..! need vocations 
i dont like my classmates i dont know why? feels like im not enjoying.. 
@beautydirtyrich I know  feels like we never talk lol im tempeted 2 give U my cell. how are U???
damnnnn  im going crazy
Oh.. im so mad its over. I didnt want kobe to get that ring 
i hope i get a phone.  i really want 1 like @apetagon17 [blackberry] so i can keep up with this sh..stuff. ha, when im in the city that is
@fzazbz11 i want some!!!...i think im pregnant cause im always hungry 
@TsunamiWavin is tht wea yu at noww? im frm there buhh i dnt live there anymore 
im bored. have to find something to do 
[  !  }  thas wha my kick battery is look'n like  lmao im tooo lazy to qo inside &amp; charge it
@_andrew_g im kinda more behind you yet beside you... im the akward looking one in the white shirt. couldn't find it on youtube 
@AshlynZare oh no  im sorry, i feel bad for making fun of it (((((
@coo1hand1uke im apparently goin home alone, since u DM'n @bigced and stuff..wats really goin on. lol..i guess i was just a pawn in this 
on the train heading 2 glasgow im soo bored  theres a weird guy with grey hair longer than mine sitting across frm me, its kinda creepy x
iight im bout to hit the bed my twitt fams lol hit me in da am..still kinda sad bout orlando.. 
@coo1hand1uke and i cant have ppl. thinkin im some perverted middle aged woman. cuz im not...middle aged.. 
@cazlovessid hahah sadly not  they're all on holidays but it is fun. im really loving it
N yea...im still up...cant sleep since my hubby left 
@hollyefronjonas so gorgeous!! i want the album now!! and taylor really needs a ew one. im experiencing withdrawal symptoms!! 
*stinky lol im cranky tonight i know 
@MissJia what happened to the picture of kevin hart u posted? it wont show and im dying to see it! 
stupid computer stop doing stupid things &gt;.&lt; lol. im so cold 
@izzzzzyy aha took forever! just got bk  had to stay in a holiday inn last night.. scott couldnt drive bk! :o im so sunburnt izzy!! owww x
#iremember grott bags, oh my god im getting old 
im sorry that you died 11 days in @mick1922 on oregon trail im not a good trail leader apparently...your hubby didnt survive either  sorry
huh school tomoz  im SO dreading it!!
im sorry mommy 
im sucha insomniac....jeez 30 mins of sleep 
Just arrived at work and im sad coz our veding machine has been taken away! 
@bree_bear but its dark and im all alone 
@AlexAllTimeLow awhh im sorry 
7/10 of best places to live are in german spkng countries. guess how many of the worst places to live are in africa?   http://tr.im/ow8H
dang im leavin new york..  .....good mornin everyone...
Hey... I need to talk to someone im soo bored 
@Cassandroar  its not happening for me either!  buh im ill! Whats your excuse! haha x
i cant get comfyyy  im sitting on my spongebob hoodie ;D
im going to bed and i dont feel so good 
im soo hungry it hurts  i feel like cryin
Just finished studying im so tired  and hungry 
@aussiemcflyfan oh no  im sorry for you and your sister :'(
http://twitpic.com/7ghfm - hearts gloria jeans...although...im a starbucks person...no starbucks at parra  hehe @bonnie_booo
@aussiemcflyfan aw thats so bad!! im sorry 
im crying now knowing that i shouldn`t .wondering why!leaving me when he shouldnt !? 
really hate being ill  whits has just left me on msn! how mean! im all alone now  ohh well talking to my bro XD
@xbrielle im dumb and thought it was tuesday, so no its not on tonight, im devo  hows it goingg?
ikea was fun, just ate at kfc im feeling abit sick now 
feeling sorry for kevin  im crying right now
im awake at 6:55 during summer.. eww... 
omg im crampin sooo bad today, &amp; i forgot my midol!! 
im studyin some German !!!  i hate it , sorry for the germans !
laying in bed pretending im going to go back to bed 
@izyhenderson haha you do just add heaps of the people im following, omg im craving food but im not hungry 
just got home. . . im soooo dang tired. 
lol im drinking red bull and eating doritos! its the only thing i could find! 
@ronnyvengeance yea i know! we have not been told anything else about his condition and im very worried! (N) 
@jbigga aww im sorry ur sick  lol i saw you blow your noes yesterday on sticam.
im up! lol anyway pretty tired 
im ganna watch live with regis &amp; kelly for a bit, but kelly isn't there, so i guess im ganna start studying now       ommg soo depressing
im soo bored...and i am sick...boo hoo hoo  
@kayleybum im actualy shit scared of them 
the one class im going to miss is french with carl 
how does this happen.?! 74 on math final. &gt;.&lt; probly cuz im in an advanced class ..but shouldnt be.  IHATEALGEBRA1.
@officialTila ha we both sippin that sizuuuurp i just had some theraflu warming whatumacalit..but i cant sleep im at work 
it's just 10pm and im gna get ready to sleep. no more nightlife 
@thestonecrew yah fur sure! Even tho im not gonna be there.  yah im still a fan i think other ppl are too
my phone isnt working. so i just have to sit here going crazy. im hungry too. 
@SusieSprinkle sry ur sick 
kiime you arent there but i want you to know im sorry 
@little_albatros im so sorry that happend  carzy manny!
@imhoturenot ohh he left already? i didnt say goodbye...  what are u up? im leaving home now.. leme know if u around centre xoxo
@filipinophinest no im at the library unfortunately..im mad im going to miss it 
is guessing that shes awake now... 
@allthefame awh. im sorry.  i don't have to worry about that cuz no one likes them in my town! &quot;D
@JLSOfficial why didnt u tell us earlier bout tonight.im really upset i cant go and i fill im lettin u guys down  i really wan come im soz
@spunkransomed3 Lol im a celeb aint on tonight 
@NickyLovesMcFly ahaaha wow yehh i saw them at portsmouth ucap but im not seein them atm  but ill gonna sort something out lol depressin!
ok, no lol, im tired and bummed  and I need hugs, lots of them :|
think im getting sick!!! booo 
im soo stuck on these assessments 
@id10t2u Lol aww  im sorry to hear that
i loathe bus rides! ugh im so0o freakin hungry !! 
@TheRealWintersB lol we sooooo had this convo like 3 weeks ago. yup im a youngin 
@NickkkJonasss i cant wait 'tell you guys come to ottawa im going with my mom and dad, but i wish my bro could come i only got 3 tickets 
@omglouwtf I LIKE THIS (:  and also, HEROOOO LOUUU!!! (:  hahah, im sick 
@ilovegayboys same im screwed for mids too  and cheer up claudie you sound rly sad 
http://twitpic.com/7h3hu - while im bored &amp; misserable doing medical records 
@RobKardashian whaaat happened w| you &amp; adrienne ??  im saddd ur guys were the cutest
@jojo_jtv im sorry  and yes i know im a huge asshole &gt;.&lt;
the fiance is hurt &amp; might get discharged (im wicked upset)..&amp; other issues really bumming right now 
says im kinda not feeling well..  http://plurk.com/p/11609m
outside draining a stupid bottle ice thingy, wtf... im soo tired today 
ashley tisdale-How do you love someone? this song is what im going through 
im just a bit bored 
guess im single again 
@die_lavish nope  lol..im slackin..i plan on gettin to the food store today
@nicholasharding your leaving and im coming! aw sad  have a safe flight nicky!
@ricktuma ooh. haha. i would fall for that. im an idiot. 
So im rediculously burnt out,which is so not helping my already awful mood ughh 
@Rach_x13 im just ill ..  got a banging hedache 
@vondamh im sorry  but the show will not disappoint! and thats so cool that u got to meet joe during dwts!!
apologizes for taking all your oxygen http://tr.im/ozcg It's all my fault your muscles aren't working quite right 
is wishin it wernt raining.. and im bored  .. and ive just made this account and aint got a clue wt its bout.. x
im WILLING to start skool early so i can leave home! ick i hate this place 
omg wow im soo dizzy and light headed right now!  ugh
so im pretty depressed tht i will not be attending the rise against concert, &amp; im sure tim mcllrath is also  stupid car
im hungry...very very hungry 
getting upset about someone  im lame
when u can read this im so sorry 
im prob goin to regret that more then anything in my life 
im off to bed. no reason to stay awake, not like anybodys talking to me. 
@adamscottclark nah im back to lates now  coffee wud be rad tho i need someone normal to talk to!! i cud meet u at 11?
yey! .. my bff is here! i missed her soooo muchh!  daHS im going into sucks! ok not really but they didnt choose me for their musical 
omg!! im starting my hangover..im think im gonna puke 
im def goin to run the treadmill when i get home, gotta get ridda this stress 
@BlueSpirit3 im watchin..it the second last episode 
@callxmexsara i fucking hate the noobs, all the veterians are leaving im sad... 
@_designprincess I was thinkin about cuttin the sides close and etchin designs into it. Now I dunno cause im seein too many ppl with it 
im missin my baby rite now 
@actorbaybee aww swwetie!....its cause im wierder!....see ya tomorrow...im still packing for dublin! 
okay so does anybody that im followin ever get on... other than celebs????  
im a bit behind, but how mean was that what they did to freddie 
ok so im illiterate.. one more time... yessir.. im layin dwn not feelin good 
 im gona be late SHIT no i cant be late help nooooo fuck no not again
I carnt type for shit when im walking 
its raining here and thers lots of thunder and im scared 
@ravenalexis awwwwww babe! im so sorry to hear that  get better soon!!
im going to miss the first new eiposode of ugly betty because of prom  hahahaha
wow im sooo sunburned 
awww   the crazy chick left..... im bord now haha!
holy crap. slimthug. im following him on twitter right.. and he said im on a boat.. &lt;3 perfection.  damn. twitter got me..  fuck...
im hungry...  any idears on wat to eat?
im so sad i didnt get to go to the jonas brothers uk gig  i love them so much .. but i wasnt allowed to skip school :-/
gawd im sucha loser. i usually have all of these insightful thoughts but since i joined twitter im lame. SUCH a loser. (5 followers  )
urgh im so mad. 
@mrsxjonasx26 ohhhh...you didnt win??? im sorry 
i dont know what to think anymore, im so upset 
@iLovebeef jill im watchin noras little boy while shes away!! he misses her so much 
Why the fuck do i get in these moods where i feel like im the only person on earth? 
im going to name hell 
@cakester93 im frm panama xD... im callin the place where sells the cd but they already close... soo im just freakin out.... 
@monroejnicole naw girl im still sick, i think im gettin sicker 
... idk if im holdin up tho. work in da morning, still sick n a verii empty stomach amongst otha things 
im sooo bored, the wheatherrrrrrrrrr is sooooo nasty ! yuck rain 
music again. proably sleep early cause im tired and dont feel well. all i want too do is go to the beach 
@brooklynlovee i have NO clue...im never free  im always busy but ill try to fir u into my schedule haha jk i dont have schedule...i think
@amb3renee im so sad ur gone  cant wait for u to get bacc
@IamSpectacular cuz im too young for freak houw  lol
oh its been a while...but im at home in j-ville...bored 
too much dance! not enough food!  im bored,save me!
@lexluvzanimalz  im sorry. That sucks. If you take a while to respond its ok.
im still upset that plans with the guy bestie fell through  ugh that teaches me to never rely on other ppl... =(
im so scared im gonna loose something i value. 
@shannenxsuicide im sorry shanana banana.  i love you lots.
god im to old to learn a new social network...i havent even figured out the old one yet 
@popstarmagazine notice  im a huge fan of mitchel and i was trying so hard to find a way to get there! 
@GrhmCrackerGirl  i may audition, but i'm afraid i wont be abel to post enough, because im lazy  haah. but summer is coming =]
haahaha i knoee  i do!! every time! haha im to lazy to type slower? wait that doesnt even make sence im just a neck!
ok so im back again still at work here till 10pm  lolz
@joystiq damn joystiq i didnt get any code. i didnt even eat because of this. and didnt get anything  im really disspaointed and sad now
in kat's car, sweatin, frckn keshialee, put some clothes on. im not ready for the seniors to be gone 
Its rainin, thunderin, n lightenin  im scarrrred
I curse a lot on twitter im sorry but I need to stop tho 
@ericbrynaert yea im totally going to cry cause ill never have turkish school with you again 
@SweetnessDaBoss nd im mad we gotta talk on twitter..danng u dnt even hit nobody up or nothin 
im so tired i cant sleep  auuwii
@Paulaabdulfan91 oh im sorry to hamsters ! 
Missing a certain someone  he'll never see the light of day when i do, he'll never gaze on the stars when i do. Theyre such amazing si ...
@DkW_2023 im sick  dont know if there's anything im really keen to see
@itsLiLnikki nooo! my voice hurts,I have a freakin fever!  and im coughing every second! D:
im getting so mad at my phone i gotta keep deleting things 
redbull, pls do your magic, seeing as im rapidly winding down. 
im never in a good mood anymore 
@underdog87 ugh!! that is sooo dumb!! im so sad 
@mzsexymya why are u sad??  oh im a new followe by the way lol
I need to get a life im so fucked up, im cryin and shit ryt now 
why am i such a neek?                 ps: im so hungry..as usual
Hates her life. And im disappointed with the jonas brothers 
@JonasBrothers still no cd at 12:15 im sad 
Reading for 2 hours now and havent gotten tht far  im a slow reader aaaaaa tomarro englishfinl i littel dont think im ready but ikno i ...
im pissed off :/ everything is going wrong for tomorrow!!! gah!!!! 
im broken  aka 'temporarily in need of maintenance'
@djknucklehead im guessing you wont ever be posting new songs..that are actually you guys  I like the new shine kit, but like the old best
done wit my wrkout, im beat 
im confussed about alot of things right now 
I really want cereal, but my mom said im not allowed to have milk when im sick. 
@mileycyrus justin? im sorry  I LOVE YOU! nad I dont think you need any makeup because you are so naturally beatiful!!
im being a couch potato  zzz i should really find something to do.
@lipserviceradio  flowers usually do last longer, but im surpised that they lasted this long
im awake..n it's already tues..less than 24hrs before love is off to his hm..?? sobsob... 
just got back from the bar and im feeling pretty good. happy bday to me. wish i had someone to sharew it with. 
im so hungry tho! cant have any solid foods for awhile and we, well my family had steak for dinner 
@pikachou really. i cant speak african  i dont even know what part of africa im from. fail thur  well. i used to listen to alot of rock.
@LoveMaryBaxter ooh...i remember they had to remove all 4 of minr...thts why im not tht wise 
@ooh_carrera babe..... i dunno not sure yet wthr im going back hmm.. 
 i so dont know what im doing on here its all so new
im up cuz i have 2 go to the orthadontist ... i dont like gettin up this early 
@ktjbpa2006 wtf?? ahah wasn't expecting that one. im sure it was, i mean ohh well if it wasn't but, that just sucks for her. 
in bed, missing her more than ever... hate when shes acting like this.. 
@tayfaceee i would have joined if i hadn't left twitter hahahaha. im sad i missed out 
trying to figure out what to make for dinner.. im soo lazy dont really even feel like making anything but im hungry 
my cousin ask me if i have a problem because im so quiet daw. 
 smh , im hot as hell .  leave me alone.
im really feelin tht birthday sex song. mann ma birthday a long wayy from now  lmaooo
@xclusivebby im jus tryin to every my avenues of networking ... P.S i miss you 
@WhatAFeeelin aw, jeff im sry  i hate when that happens. lol
pain got 2 me twizzles....guess im bout to see what sparrow be like....ha ha 
@restylestari hmm i wanted too bt i thnk i cant, cuz ma mom ddnt allow me  she wanna go wif ma dad' soo im alone xp bt it's ok, im free ;D
im sick of not having a phone. and im sick of not having any money. and im sick 
im out of the shower...  grr my laptop and fone off my everynight 8:30
twitter fam i just woke up im wide awake cant go back to sleep 
@aurorawilbs at least ur in the sun  im in a rebore sweatshop 
ok im up cant sleep 
@sarahcfuller at least im going D&amp;D and parkway but but but anberlin  my 3rd love is in the state .. :'(
hi im just woke up .... mmm ... nothing special to do 
my ears still hurt from that auriculothingy haha omg i cant believe its 5am! and im not tired  booo insomnia you suck!!!!
im so upset right now... he always be catchin me off guard...  messin me up!
im sick of crap weather! 
in need of a hug...im confused 
@acc1987fans your not the one in this position tho which i wish i wasnt either ugh im in a world of trouble now!! 
@Broooooke_ ur so lucky! ugh i'd give anything to go. im considering walking there i swear  have fun! xx
I lost my blackberry    pitty   they making calls as well since im negotiating to give me back
@pussinboots_ yeah its pretty spiffy. lol. im so bored. but im about to go. so i'll have to use my phone, so i wont reply as fast 
@HerEvilRoyalty I know it sucks  not like i could go on my xbox anyway as i don't have it with me as im at my sisters.
@noreen217 i wasnt able to get tickets so im trying to win them on spin1038 this wk doubt il win tho 
@maliciousmandy1 im sad ed is goe 
@shibby99 woah im at pavilion 2! that place is so cold  im pretty screwed i should of studied alot earlier.. and possibly not near my comp
ms han recommended extension 1 for senior maths, but idk if i can do ittttt &gt;&lt;' freaking interviews tomorrow, im scared 
@dimruthien im sorry for you darling 
oh crap im feeling sick now 
@sexydrummer im dying to noe how was it??? cal u , u din answer 
@sexydrummer im dying to noe how was it??? called u, u din answer 
Brushing my teeth then hitting the sack !! im very tired havent been able to sleep well lately 
im getting very annoyed trying to sort out my student loan! why wont it just work for me? 
For some reson im still tinking about it and its making me feel like shit inside 
what am i doing???? i feel like shit b/c im a let down &amp; have little going for me 
pls stop being immature? pls? @pawiepauu check my blogg..  im so hella pissed!
im a mess!just tried to shower and almost collasped.this is what happens when all uv eat is medicine since last friday.im weak 
@SineadMcFly Aw im so upset for ya now you cant come to killarney 
im gonna miss my bff awww   have a safe trip mwahhhh
@itskristenbitch plz let him know he does have fans who are not totally crazy and that im sorry 
@missmofo hello! hahaha. sorry. im just bored. 
Sitting outside listening to LVaTT @dannyXDphantom and matt already took their break so im all alone 
@jerseygrl4lfe im a little lost. what party? its early..brain isn't working 
needs sum food, im wastin away! not really, need to lose a stone 
WTH!  im not getting twitter text update.  im &quot;on&quot; but nothing coming.  
lmao im always to young to gooo  damn just go another year. geee
@MariaLKanellis hope your right  he seems like he resents me it hurts alot , i see my theripist today im gonna tell her hes been like this
@Junderstated that is no awwww im broke &amp; dont have a job  i wana cry
wanting to play runescape but cant cuz im on school computer 
But i cant cause i asked for it for my bday and im pretty sure ill get it.....on july 22nd! 
depressed bc im looking in the mirror at these dredful bags under my eyes 
@NileyJyrus whats all this negativity with @mileycyrus? im confusssseeedd. probably because i havent been here but yknow 
i don't know whats wrong with me. im never happy anymore, im just so sad and feel so down and lonely. i just want to get better 
i been hated skool...i wanna blow this shit upppppppppp!!!!! and im hungry 
@boston61781 umm negative on the huge wall . because im not even gunna see you today  
uhh im sitting in ummm mcsalad waiting for my mcsalad meal 
@mingpin thats terrible  im sorry love
im starvin! and i forgot my lunch 
im so bored ! and doing nothing 
Hopefully my aunt is okay. Doesn't sound good though  http://tr.im/oGnT
@bruquiste hi,, im good. haven't been in for a while, im pretty down cause i lost a few followers   so, where u from?
My oatmeals gone im sad now 
@shanedawson im a 14 year old girl and if those pics of miley are real then i would be so disgusted and disappointed in her. 
in a bad mood... i have to start packinmg up my stuff because im going back to germany ... im so sad 
im bloody starving&amp;hav nothin 2 eat 
yep im home and i miss him already  kinda lol uh thursday i have so much goin on and all this shid is last min includin P.G practice
im your biggest fan ill follow you until you love me 
im sadd  my cat bit me and know im bleeding!!!  WAAAAAA
@mbobadilla yea im just a baby...i no like shots...especially in the neck. 
@pobenschain well tell us tweeps whn it does get done!  &amp; im not sure wht im havin. fried pork &lt;--  stew, grilled veggie kabobs, fish.
im a bit bored now 
@Klaviermann fine  im going to turn emo now
@bRit08xo i know. its crazy i don't even realize how late it is, and im not really tired either. it sucks 
omg im so in that mood where every little thing gets to me and i feel like im going to lash out at someone  lol
havent been on this for a long time! im bored heather not on 
im concerned that i cant find the key to my moped  - i have also burned my toast :*( boohoo
If feel like im going to pass out. 
@breannalovesjb hurry up home!!!!! im dying with no youtube 
im scared :S feels like theres a ghost behind mee...i cn hear it breathing and everything 
At the dentist...im hungry, but i cant eat 
im seriously dead bored. i just cant get myself to lie on the bed and close my eye and fly to lalaland. arghhh. im serously cant sleep. 
@BendyyStrawz nobody is tweeting  im leaving though haha
im on twitter.... duh ;) hmm... im sore from volleyball practice last night. we worked our butts off 
im bord to tears my god its so annoying how freakin bord i am 
Ahh! just smashed a lamp! im soo fucking clumsy tonight 
@diana_vickers_ thanks for following me back diana! And im voting for you every 20 minutes thats as often as u can 
@ThisIsRobThomas oooo mr robbie t i could see u living in chicago tooo!!!!! im so sad i couldnt get 2 see ya this am here 
Sometimes i feel like im talkin to a wall on here 
@Quiggmate i can't belive you cancled the tivoli gig, im sooo sad 
@ashleypender that would be so awesome. he probably wont follow me though. im not that special. 
im starting to feel someone or some ppl are hiding something from me that they know they should tell me... 
@mileycyrus im really sad i didnt get tickets for when you come to my city  ive tried winning contests and nothings has worked.
awe crap... i forgot to backup my bookmarks before i re-installed  im such a noob
@lightsresolve neal! im sick too  feel better!
@LilstevieIRK righttt i feel ya. im at 93 and half of them are robots and porn websites 
@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/7kf4b - im sad cause i couldnt get mine  i went to wal-mart &amp; they werent selling it &amp; they had a bi ...
@simonisCRUNK my great grandad had that  im sorry to hear it
im really gettin quite upset...ben lucky mite not make it!! ugh  i feel awful.
I wish i had @ least 2 more months 2 fix things up and finish writing! There is so much stuff i gotta clear up, im confused  ima mis skool
not sure how this mtg is going to go; im not a fan of confrontation 
is this kinda like bebo? im confused 
im freakin starving!!!!!!!!!! i swear, i wasnt hungry when i left for work but now that im here, im sooo hungry!  hahaha
 im fukin bored im goin on gs 4 a bit
im actually kind happy to go to work, not cuz its fun but cuz yay money lol but i do wanna hangout with sara instead 
@vegasrocker sun yes...janes no  im the only person i know who wasnt able to go to a single show  now im seriously depressed
gosh im so unsure of my backgrounds. i changed it 5 min. ago nd again now nd i dont like this one  lol
says im tired already.. my brain's almost drained now... it even tiring pala to work from home...  http://plurk.com/p/11g4v6
im okay im okay. just need to calm down im doing the right thing I THINK 
k i got my interviewing  questions for tmrw. im stillll nervous &amp; stressing out tho! 
@MariaJonas srry bout that i had to sleep, and no im not a part of team jonas. 
 sad times at the mo but im a strong lil lady and i will get through it 
@LexiJ25 dont laugh im raising him and i sware i feel like i let my mama down  idk what to do tho
@msjonez  were did u get that crepe from...im soOOo hating right now lol
homeeee. im dead gotta get up early too 
@roxtarrr nah, im a p-word lol. no guts 
@chessabrownlee im sad too. But idk why haha... 
@theAlessiaMarie lol, at least you're studying! im soo lazy i dont want to start 
@MrsSClarke its ok im back at hospital tomorrow hope hes feelin better by then hes not looking well at all  x
it feels like im in the middle of a tornado 
im BORED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! idk wether im goin to tthe park(or mall) 2morow because i don't think i kan get a ride!!  ill find out 4 sur. 
@JULL1234 no i dont have it saved lol  sorry text me again n ill save it, but yea im coming to charleston
i hope you get better, and get outta surgery alright. you've been in there to long  and you, please get better, im really worried about u
im quite tired. just got back from drinking at the beach, also hungry but nothing good to eat 
@Girlypeekaboo kool im just happy someone else got twitter that acatully knows me.i love and miss u so much why cant live come back. 
im frekin bored and im sick  my tummy hurts again
im pregnant and yes twitter you are the father. i told you not to tweet me without a spam blocker 
@ohyesitstiff yea im good now... well now i want my boo 
@weezyREBEL i didnt finish watching it the website kept making it go slow  im lookin for another bootleg site as we speak
@krissydip ooo kk. im not watchin knw cuz my sis wants to watch the suite life and there is somethin recordin on my upstrairs tv 
i dont kno wat im doin and no ones helpin me 
@One_StepCloser im going to waste my whole all of my credit on it butt rehm isnt here so i cant call with her 
@ddlovato . so  im so sad becuse i cant go to ur concert  hope i can met you one day    its funny becuse im 16 and im a  huge fan
im feeling like im comin down with the flu, my kids with their dad for the week and im freakin sick! 
im glad that the Lakers won but now I have nothing to look forward to on tv 
im feeling down and theres no one around to talk to  goodnight world.
going to the doctor 2morrow to see how im doin .. scared 
@brooke3790 omg! that is the exact situation im in! she is not good for him, but the only problem is he doesnt know i exsist 
@TONYROCK i knew that! I can see into the future n thats whats gonna happen! lol ok im an idiot, sry! n no im not in la  cn i still go?
@AfrikanBella yea im sorry i cant text ya anymore i cant text canada area code it cost money cuz i had a bill that was 600 again 
@marknoble im sure there's a very good reason why they stay in iran tz... probably dealing with isps. if so, our switching does nothing 
@shootingstar825  im sorry baby alevera lotion or i can kiss them and make them better  lol
@xmedusa zomg im so sick. im gunna cry anyway just cause im so sick 
@JeannineRussell i bet    are you feeling ok about it ingeneral?  i think im ok because im only losing money on the xchange rate, not  ...
@ddlovato wish I was  but im going 2 ur show on june 25th!
@omgitssuperabby aww im sorry  her tickets was like 200 for 2
@manthaheartsu im sorry  i waz jk...
@ddlovato oh my?! im not  unless u can giveee mee free tickets C:
@shootxo i cant talk forgot my passwords n shitl.. but hii im watchin you.. no sounds either 
is super overly depressed cuz im not going to see my bf till next year 
im tumblr-ing  why am i such a sucker for these interweb fabs
it really figures tha i meet a guy that i really like on the max. im looking like i just crawled outta bed.  and im to shy to give my # 
im up late doing a persuasive essay. gosh i have no life. i jsu wanna write this thing and get it over with. sigh.    im tired!
@BROOKLYNROBOT yes i know, he my main trapper cuz of that. im tight i cant play, it hurts to play 
@carolinekyp im definetly going to. i just have nothing to say 
UGH im goin to sleep..i have no life 
@DadiB ..hi dadi b! im fine. reviewing for the board  how are you?
ok soo im scared  ewwwwy this movies insssane!!!!
@stop4traffic sorry im hogging it 
im mad that i cant get you off of my mind..its been some time. and its obvious ur not mine....im need something else to occpuy my mind. 
Headach!!  im bout to cry.
@jb4eva000 haha. im sorry  you should make me one.
@Britneezy yes im nosey! whats all the hooplahh about that tweet.. idk who dreamhampton is!? lol 
@ifoundmycapo alexandra D: i might need to skype u again later cuz im real sad 
I'm scared for @shanedawson he has like porn ppl spamming his channel saying bad stuff it makes me sad cuz he might get raped  im scurred.
@CrisOnToast 3  but im gonig to push through
have to stay up till 3am , cause im going on the paper route with my mom. im going to be sooo tired  .
lakers parade 2maro suck im here in vegas cant go see it 
im so bella sittin here cryin and so emotional because im lonely sucks tho 
going to bed becuz i have no bizness up. by the way im catsitting n my own cat is pissed off hes str8 ignoring me when i call him 
ahhhhh im really reallly tired. 
@nahuj im sorry i havent been SoRing.  but now i can use my phone!
disappointed cuz im not going to the parade tmw. 
@enrich1 hey found out im not going to skool 2morrow just wanted to say buy since i cant in person  miss u (u noe ull miss ur sis;)
soo angry with @nobellepeace for giving me all the vaccuming! im sneezing and my nose burns  ur a horrible roomate.. lol
@tyyylerr and shes in michigin  sadfacee.
im in love with someone who doesnt love me... 
im gonna boycott facebook for the moment.  and concentrate on YOU, twitter! :-D
i cant get sims 3 b.c i dont hav leopard. effing gay man. im so blown!!!! 
@elliebumx hahaha my stomach says im bad 
huhu  wat d hell is dis ?!.,i feel like  im damn worthless 
@buncee its so lonely out here  i miss my friends.i feel like im all alone.ima be in NO the 19-23.so excited.like a fuckin kid @ christmas
low voice singing and some high notes are fine... bridging between the two ive lost almost all control. im so depressed idk what to do. 
@HeyKamy nope, im staying here for good. will miss u and r friends at nihongo center 
@mykahbo09 im afraid not my dear twitterfriend. So devasting to hear.... 
The opportunity i always wanted and im letting it slip  i just dont know what to say. I've really been too discrete.
Me and my cousin are sitting here talking about basically everything! Hawww im soo sad 
im sitting here in the cold basking in the glory of all the crap i have to do when all i want to do is sleep... 
In sitting in french Pissed of cuz im sitting on my own 
im upset  life sucks, the same things keep happening to me. i dont want it to be like this  argh... but, i love emma woollams SO much &lt;3
im missing my baby luv already 
im not into the whole twitter thing... stupid amanda made me do this 
im sorry for hitting you emma  i feel really bad....
feels veri sian wen &quot;this&quot; hpn agn...  http://plurk.com/p/11k7cg
scratching my stomach, its itchy  and im hungry, but im on a diet 
@cherrypopcandys i dono just wonderd LOL.  im sad you cant go to taiwan
@DJSLICK805 im doing go0d...im hella tired but cant sleep either 
@filsaa im leavin on a seaplane in an hr  &amp; the chance of me gettin bumped is high if it rains
@misslene30 im jealous   i want to go to the parade tooo!!!
So im in the er right now, w my best friend cause she decited to hit her head  so sad
guys does anyone know any good flower sites in bahrain? my little sis graduation 2mro n im in uk 
yeah im extremely hungry over here  someone bring me some food to lib lvl.3 pleaseee..
i feeel like shit, @becciibabes @Taraaa_ dnt thinkk i make it too school tommoroee  buht if im feeling any better see yah theree &lt;3
@bunnie311 im sorry 4 not includin u boo! I didn't even c ur @z til dis mornin 
so, im bored and very sad. i dont belive what happend with one of my , shit, i cant call him my friend,cus he was more than friend to me. 
@ann_9787 its weird cuz I've been up since 6am and I'm not even tired. poo 
im sorry tori that i made you cry i feel so bad 
im not doing anything on here i need to get readyyyyy 
in a shitty mood and cant concentrate on what im suppose to be doing grrr 
@safclyndz im sorry im such a rubbish friend  x
ffs for a chnage im home to watch #spicks and fat c..t hewitson is on it 
welp im off to grab something to drink bc what i want isnt here 
@keannacasey awwwww im so sorry for you.. D: thats not awesome sauce.   
craving 4 anything deep-fried!! im so HONGRAY!!! 
@jacelle_diane hi sis! @ruffamriel hi sis we dnt hve classes 2morow im pretty excited hahaha i hope i hve LVaTT this week 
@samT14 im using my savings to make the 1st payment cos im skint  at least once its out the way i'll only have 200 to pay!
@drewaaroncomley dude im gunna be away for that show  this makes me extremely sad.
im feeling like shit 
@tweetnotpurge1 hows your toe babe!?!?! ah no im so sorry to hear that happned  how u doing otherwise? xxx
sick  birthday 4daays yay. &lt;3 oh&amp;great news im not moving anymore. (:
tbh im really not that excited anymore. what is the deal with this rain?  i feel sickkk  but ima make honey and lemon 
@xxitsaoifebbzxx im sorry for you  soo where do you come from ??
im sat in starbucks, in town and i can NOT find shoes or bag to go to prom with 
ugh im tweeting spam stuff!  might have to close this acct and reopen one...ill keep u posted!
@lovelessandmore im good lool , just stressed about exams  its good that you have a twitter now , too many fakers lol
@CarrieChute ohh noo!! tha awful  im sure it'll be fine
No one clicked on @chuck981996's link.  http://tr.im/ofwz
mann im mad i mite have to miss my bball game since im sick...bummer 
at work again doin the nursin thang im kinda bored cuz my patient sleep 
booooooooooooreddd!! // i wonder if she really is... :S nah, im probably just overreacting... again lol // i miss honk!  that was aweseome
traffic was a lil heay ...everyone is going to the parade....im not 
@Clumsyxheart  ugh, cant they understand that we try! we do, we do everything but it's just never enough when we come short..im sorry
@jordanknight awww  need a back rub? cuz im available anytime you do!
Going to the dentist today.....im so scared! im a big girl tho...sometimes 
@hptwilighter im not ungrounded  and im leaving for the east coast too soon. and ill show u my hair
g2g. i've finished my homework. so now i'll review for the F quizzes tom. x( im soo veryyy sleepy!. 
hello everyone im reali bored  iv been ill in bed or 2 days so bored
@dougiemcfly   hiya im a big fan but im reali bored cuz im ill in bed  so borin plase reply will make me very happy xxxxxx
@sapphire_city im sorry to hear that miley cyrus doesnt like asians  but i still like her music and shows sorry 
@asher01 what are u wearin? i have no clue wa im wearin 
i reallyyyyyy dnt feel lik going to class today im so tired n achy but im up n i gotta pass this class so i gotta get ready now 
@alex_mccoy haha, im sorry but thats just what it made me think 
I have horrible nightmares when im really comfy in bed 
someone should just bang my head cuz im drooling over n97. 
yea im stil goin bu im so sick  i got up at 7 dismornin!!! :O dats hoe sick i am hahaha
i need a new hair straightener. im sorry sam, the sedu died this morning. im afraid it needs a funeral  why must chi's be so expensive?
@meaganirene im glad your safe, and i hope you figure it out, looks like a bitch  hows life besides that?
@pinklady5150 aww they suck!!! art alfredo and yanin u guys suck!!!!!lol jk im just jealous i wanna go 
omg im pretty sure im goin to the doc to get an x ray on my foot 
@drealaflare im good besides da watery eyes and stuffy nose!!   and im glad 2 hear ur cool as da other side of da pillow!!
Handing my notice in on sataday and im dreading it, though must be done! Also couldnt do my food shopping due to rain 
omg, the durster is leaving :'( noooo. we play tetris! and yoink! im actually very upset 
 i want more followers this is no fair its like im not important or something..im important arent i???
im thinking of wrttingreli short poem type things hykous or w/e der called u knw to reli inspire ppl my 1 below about soup is gd  &amp;tru 
theres nothing to do in newburgh!!!!! im sooooo bored 
I cut my finger  on the bright side im having pechuga a la colombiana 
okay im so bored theres nothing to do in el paso 
@demifan_danix3 aww  im sorry /: you saw it already?
@AirJeffreys  i need some robert in my life. im leaving today,and ima miss youu even more cas ima be far away :/ ahh.
i hope youre okay  ha im so gay crying at the dentist
im really bored at the moment!!!!!! 
@respekfresh im not on my sidekick its dead  did u got to the youtube i sent u?
@ThelionRobert y coz ur hardly in it ? .. im so sorry im lettin me anger out on u .. but u took me m8s away 4rm me  .x
someone entertain meee im officially bored 
im getting way into facebook games  im either sad or lonely.
Keeping my tears hidden cuz im at work............ 
im upset that justin bieber is going to leave D.C. by the time me and morgan get there 
@combichristian transformers imax at midnight?? yea...im freaking bummed too. 
@thej1nx u cook? i dont know what to cook, im sooo hungry right now... 
im bout to pull out my hair :/ im stressing so badly about finals i rly need to relax i cnt w8 till school is over ugghhhh 
@socelebritytype im a have my own shit by then... but y you not coming nomore 
im so tired. my eyes are watery.. idk what happen.. 
at  my chiro n yes @roxster23 im sick! too much alki 
im so tired but i cant sleep  its too wierd
@jakesahunk yeah hailey told me about that ! im sorry 
@sendmelovex3 aww  im glad your better now hun! &lt;3
im on the buissness tariff and i stil havnt got mms!?!?! my fiances got it! but not me, thenagain, she is on pay monthly 
im so bored and the coke im drinking isnt making me happy or preppy i feel emo today 
my wall is empty without my edward poster  i cant reach to put it back up cause im a smallfry :[
1hr to go i will be 25 half ways to 30  yah im soooooooooooo happy
@tomjlight  aww, i dunno, went home from school after english cos i was all dizzy and light headed and im feeling rather sick atm so 
ok im off :[ double geography tomoz! i dont even like it..with my teacher from liverpool, idk what hes even saying 
@ktsummer aw im sorry 2 hear that  I hope everything works out 4 the best! ur mom/family is in all of our prayers
woah nvm im really confused 
im soo tired  my dad made me feel horrible because i dropped my laptop! ugh i was crying for ourss!!! but ust to let you know it works!YAY
@TawnyHeath im sorry to hear that 
@ddlovato is not fair. I want to see you too, but i cant  cause im from argentina, anyway i love you demi.
didnt no how far i fell until he decided to catch some1 else...  im soooo deep
studying for my english final    yeah im going to fail!
@hannah_hinson its so hot in memphis cause youre there and you didnt see me 
im so angry but its alright, angry not  just some people are always goi gto be the same (N) xD.
@redvers oooh ok, im from hertfordshire. why do you feel lost? 
i really feel so fucking low atm. im gunna go to bed, i just want to hide away from tommorrow. 
ugh home again.  tiredd.. btw im dumping my bf.!
@BeyondAnyDoubt dammit juan.. im jealous!! how did you get your phone to work with this shit?? lol.. 
@liamprescott ohhh im sorry about that!   and no ways!?!?!?! SERIOUSLY!! ahhb thats aweosme!!! DDDD
@ilmbffnay look im so sorry. i love you. seeing you sad makes me sad. 
feeling like shit and im too tired to explain why so ima go to bed right now and holla at you twiches tomorrow  u have a goodnight
@Kristian_A_H im starvin i could eat a bloody horse  x
im sittin here wishing my hair would grow  i only hsve one more chemo to go!
@SAX5THSIX i love that place!!!  n im hungry...
Just got homee. So much fun in the car&lt;3 but im gna miss u   hahaha ohhh lynn
@nic0lemaria im sooo sick  i hate it!
@ldunlimited nada mucho...im at work still 
http://twitpic.com/7o5mf - coronado bridge  im so scared and everyone thinks its funny 
@parkynthecar im sad...tear! 
@beanchef i want chai  im sick atm
@amber_rickelle haha yea im fine - it just doesnt feel right still..i need to figure out how to get it fixed  its such an awkward feeling
@HuttonBaird i wont be there srry. im going to be at a padres game 
im still mad about my damn onion   
If you read this...im sorry. i really and truly am sorry 
im so glad that ther is a character called san serif in the spirit. i want my name to be san 
@teegetscrunk awww im sorry about ur train...:/so im guessing we wont b seeing you tonight 
im soooo sad!! i hate this feeling!! 
&quot;truth be told, i miss you.  truth be told, im lying.&quot; too bad so sad  sorry love, but im over it. no pitty here.
im learning how to use this stupid twitter thingy 
@mszjoycii aww  im sure didnt do that bad!
@tweetieelovee oh yay! thats awesomeee!! any cool plans for the summer. im bored rite now  lol
@rebecca_ruddle im ok thanks just working away on websites and stuff its my bday soon  not happy about getting old lol what u been up to
oh so bored. im just doing another current event for geography. ugh 
@rockinralf omg..im sorry  i hope youre okay..
@rachael2389 whywhywhy?! im sorry. 
im watchin oprah since tyra is not on for the summer 
@playmaker so im hurt u just forgot about me 
@misshayl3e im great! how are you? i miss you 
need to go to bed but im not sleepy  mac on 16 percent battery dont feel like reaching 2 inches for the charger so im out! oh nvm celly!
@snazzy22 nope, im just going to have to live with unemployedness 
@bowwow614 im mad how im tryna watch you on ustream and my screen aint comin up... 
I saw the series finale of pushing daisies and idk what to think  im sad.
@antonioqrey i miss you too sister!! im okay you? when are you coming home? 
hei im doing nothing!!! bored 
@schiarire im at cityhall, darn far dude 
im home guys...but y cant i find my sex and the city channels on this cable? im so disoriented 
@danamoss well you know that's how we do. and i just have geo and gym, im going to boomb my geo for sure  you?
You make it seem like im not a reason that your living... 
@NotoriousKutty  awww, come on baby im never mad about the guys you talk too, im just havin fun twittering
 @lolife4life where r u tonite im still awake!
nuthan poothead havent called im getting mad now and im stopped up 
@joeymcintyre awww im a sucker for blue eyed babies...makes me want my own 
really? ahh i feel bad now bc u guys talk bad about @AzRiElKeWl  n yea im talking third prsn
@FASHIONISMYLIFE u need to be over here taking care of your real sister.. making sure im ok since im boo less...lol 
im sooo hungry. and i really dont feel good at all 
#iranelection everyone is getting all hulk on twitter and im scared of radiation 
@bstilldaboss hey sweety im figuring out this twitter shit &amp; im kinda not liking it   give me a week i shuld b str8
hahaha..........im so bored........nothing to do   
my mommy didnt answer, im sad  i should send her a pic of my arm, that'll teach her lol
@PoorBritney lol @ your on call sex im so bored/ tired of being single im ready to love again after my huge break up last aug 
@ArieDiiva hi hun lol..im tryna figure a way 2 dis on my fone but i dnt think i can 
@icassietellem yes girl...  if i dont get this job, im on mi way back..
tUmmy ache nman. feels like im g0nna vomit any time huhu.. 
@AlmostEclectic lol i heard it from my lil sis. she sent me a video lol. and im drawing a blank on my sillyness at the moment. im bored 
@FlyingHubcap shit that sux... im sorry 
@ratherwastetime yeah, im epic...and why do i creep you out?... am i a bad elf? 
@khindraharper yep, im living proof! I still haven't seen all of across the universe 
@itsadinosaur &amp; @morganack im sorry babies  were gonna figure this shit out.
@bitesizebrina  totally knew that..lol. im bored...and cant sleep! rubbish.  
@petewentz good idea! im not sure whether mine will want to be friends with me anymore, im quite different  but its worth a try ha x
@ddlovato i want to go to your cleveland show so bad but i am upset the floor sold out  idc that im older ily!
Wow i really suck at bowling  im kinda sad now.
@chriseatworld yeah., im at home., i came from school., hmmm im tired., i have a class in 6am., what an early., 
omg ashleigh missed the call!!! how gay is that, i feel really mean now because i was laughing  im a bitch!!
im hungry. but i dont know what i want to eat 
my nose is all blocked. damn chest infection &lt;/3 im hungry 
yay nah im jokin aw how sad 
@KimKardashian aww im sorry girl that sucks 
@iiTzMzJenney damnnnn  .. take sum advil.... n im here watchin pelham 123 online.. shit is crackkkk
@KimKardashian same here  cept that im using my laptop
@shanedawson aw! im sorry shane 
i wish i could sleep  im watching the banger sister..this movies has a great point. im pretty sure im the free spirit one lol
@LowLeaf yep thats better than v for vendetta! you have no idea how miuch im missing my beat making ... bugger!  
im sleepyyy,going to bed,im super jealous of anyone that lives in dallas 
im scared and theres no one 
@violalovemclife ahh viola im sorry for left u without tellin u before  im just pretty busy now, coz i have to prepare my prom dress.
omg still feeling yuck think im goign to throw up 
@ayubella hey! thank god,your online! im dying cuz im so bored. nobody wants to talk to me. 
okayyy.. so im now on a computer.. and wana add some twitpics.. bt dnt knw how 
y do i feel that u like someone im so closed with? it hurts soooooo much 
omg im shaking like a leaf right now waiting to go 2 the dentist to get my surgery done!!im gonna have stiches in my gums    bad times
@sjrider23 p.s. sorry that im getting you sick  must be from all those sloppy kisses ewwwww  hahahahaha
@AndrewBoland what? what?? eek andrewwww  im sorry! what was it? xx
wow! this guy in the airport is really hott! too bad he's in gate 8 and im in gate 7 
Training in a bit  im soo tired.. my arms ache and imm soo tired 
@Jazminarnesexo:  im sorryy lol and i loooove how ur in the back seat and im texting you.
starting to feel like im coming down with something, glands are up 
on the phone wiff @michelletumewu . im so sry chelle, i have a really bad cough 
feeling really bad tummy hurting n all hungry but i cant eat  im hating this!!!
Nothing im reallllly bored 
@NickkkJonasss  can i know when u guys are posting the tour dates for asia??? im dying to know whether u guys will come to singapore 
@celinehlbk aww im sorry   try drinking some ice water...u might need to hydrate
@key_rawr yeh true, but im  too scared to go wiff jeremy 
gutted just missed out on free glasto tix  im sad
Itching to play sims but my mum is up and im not allowed on, idk if i should give up and jus go to bed or wait for her to go to sleep 
Really, REALLY want the iphone 3g[s] tomorrow.... im willing to que at stupid o clock! hmmm need someone to buy my blackberry off me 1st! 
@Xxxsteviexxx omg yeah im going to be so tired. i want to but i dont think i'll be able to afford it  ru??
@cazp09 heyy  im good  thanx u    my  friend  which    had  it for nearly a  year  xxx
@jemariie i believe he used to cause we had something before...im not sure about now. 
@britt_mccormick wow way to be mean   haha but yes im trying to get myself to do stuff.. not as good as you but im getting thereee
awe im sry  not good either.
i want to just crawl back into bed. i want to just go home and be done w/all this. im so tired/crabby, i dnt knw if im gona make it 
@peterfacinelli im getting mad for you! Its only reading 227,xxx now... 
*pouting and stomping my feet* KEKA, tell her to stop rainingor im a F her uuuup!!!!!      @kekalilin
shit. im so sleepy. 
@crazziichic  ya I luv it aswel its very gud! omg jealous ur in bed im mindin a little baby nd cant go to bed 
I'm sorrry.. i cant loose you as a friend you mean to much to mee   &lt;3  im sorry
@summerphillips  why are you mad at me.. ?  i cant loose you as a friend summmey im sorry !  &lt;/3
@AliaBKhayal and do you have proof hun? stop making up silly stories &lt;/3 youre just embarrassing yourself 
 i offically dnt like eyeliner. Ughhh im so hungry !!!
im just so damn tired of everything 
@mynameiskarina fyi, im sick now  hope that i can get well soon before we're going to bali
@saaam_ ooh haha, im seeing them at wembley on the 20th  I dont think i can go to the tay one  have to wait til next year 
im freakin shrinkin it height!!!! on monday i was 5&quot;5 and now im 5&quot;4 
um ab to go to work  grrr gay sonic  and im new at this yay i got a twitter
@briannaMcFLYx aww  yee im good thanks. and i wish i could have left as soon as i had finished cos i finished at 3 and had to stay till 4
wow my sisters have gottan really big im so sad i dont get to see them 
im giving up on this twitter no bugger talks to me anymore! 
@sarahrahrahh cool coool. im shooting the towson show. idk anything about towson though so im lame 
im totally frustrated now..dont know wat 2 do..  
still hasnt been out for fags. jeez. need to get moving. and im hungry 
@xn3rdc0r3: im sorry  feel better! if you ever need to talk, dont hesitate. *huge hug*
Ugh im soooo sorry about those stupid tweets guys!!!! I dont no how to stop them...plz help 
i am at home im out off schoolllll but its rainin 
1hr until im suppose to be picked up &amp; im going to get off and go get some breakfast..uh oh I don't think my dad made coffee b4 he left 
i want a cookie :} but im too scared the kids might want one too 
@sanasam im not  icant afford it.
to move away or not to move away? hmmmmmmmm.....im stuck 
i'm hella sick.. im fuckin miserable!!!! ahhhh  i haven't slept..off to skool
im great!.. but sick  so ew lol but mariah think about coming to canada i know theres just as many lambs here!  @MariahCarey
oh dear. this hurts!  http://tr.im/oWLV
@GazzyJoe :O his sooooo cuteee  im want my brother to have another one now 
rage that im at home wile every1 else is in florida 
gettin ready for volleyball. bleh im so sore and tired 
ugh, i really didnt want the oc to go away but its been a while and im startin to miss it 
@hay_hay88 im sad .... i want chess 
@Jimmysmacks ohh okay...thatz good, im glad u did good! lol im sick 
im a goober  and have no idea how to use this.
@twokidsonelove grrr i think im getting your tweets really late! gahh  oh well at least im getting some! (thats what she said) 
oh man im so lazy....reallly needed to drop weight before next thursday  wont happen...
awe shit!  im going to get written up 
@diptastic nah i dont only cause there usually isnt a lot of work and when im focused i knock the shit out quick. 
im am so bored i have nothing 2 do 
oh no. im sad now. i think sammy broke up with ryan 
@ShomariW thats wsup bro im stuck at work 
im bored...boo  anyone else bored or is it just me here :S
im freeeezing!  cant wait for london!! (Y)
Still ill  damn it,  im pale as a ghost and im normaly pale so this something...hmm!
im sorry, but im soo mad, and sad 
@mr910 yea, i gOt it, i aint read it dOe, im still busy tryna get all my cOntacts back in my phOne  &amp;&amp; im smh @ my type. i like bOss men
@camiigonzalez ughh i know that upsets me lol we're not seeing them until august  im leaving on monday.. yeap wish i could do tht too xd
im tired, im so sleepy. i didnt sleep anything last night  thanx to ghost hunters.
@gleepface im just a pure wuss when it comes to it  I just curl up and hope it goes away!
im sorry ata  and i do agree...mega poser. XD
@Martno1 hee hee loves it!  you feeling better??  im all on my own tonight 
@xoxonosheen im comfussed cs i dnt noo wt the hell i wana do wid my future. n wat 2 do at uni.n time is tickin tic tok tic tok 
Trying to work on my story, but im blank right now 
pretty sure im movin back to the bay on the first of july. gotta get my goodbyes in 
@TiffanyApkaw awee thx but im still a little sick  lol i woke up with a soer throat so it actually got a little worse....not cool lol
@allie_ohhh not at all... i am sooo depressed im not going.... i wont lie... i shed a tear...  hahah
ok..im outtie guys  no phone so ill get up wit ya when i can):
@esthy lawyer? but yeh, you go visit the doctor again. let us know whats the result ok. im not feeling that well  im feeling feverish 
@JamesRing nope unfortunately not  hope that will change this season though if im lucky!
@neciek im in section 2e on the side row 12... i just bought em today  atleast im not all the way in the back.. im on neals side btw
@mousyblack oh cuz it was black nail polish and i paint my nail black when im sad   im trying 2 cheer up abt me quitting but *sigh*
Theyre both freakin getting me hurt 
no ones on facebook... im prolly gettin off soon cuz my sis is back!!! uggg 
im actually so scared of walking to work atm, its horrible  that rapist is sick and needs to be caught!
@JayistheRealest emmm...as long as thy ovr 5ft 5&quot; lol...c i cnt chat cuz im nt tht tall myslf  ...im 5ft (cough)&quot;...im messin...5ft 3/4&quot;
omfg im so bored i have nothing to do 
@DaRealsebastian ok thats when ur gonna think im not just goofy but also stupid how do i e mail without others seeing?im new on twitter 
@RayDollars my jiggyness shit is redic. i think i know y its happening tho. im lonely 
@sara_elizabetth i know  i cant wait till monday, but im kinda scared
nope still not working?? feels like im letting misha and the minions down   lol will keep trying though,well until 1am 
@steveraze oh idk whos doin that im tryna figure out who got my code 
mannnn im soooo tired of the song pump it gosh  im forsed to watch it...
@tasialarri lol...yea your right..im so serious...its sad  , and I was salutatorian in high school lol
@shanedawson aww im excited for u too gosh shane how did u make this happen wow u amaze me everyday i luv you and i wish I was ur bff 
ok, im bored. I hope I can go out 2nite!!...wish sum1 would txt me bak 
ok whos on? im broed 
@rollingcherry just dont  im okay now
I have really rude family members, im pretty sure im the only one with manner...and that doesnt smell 
im sure its psychological but i can feel the crazy swelling in my leg tonight... most likely just coz im reading about it. stoopid leg 
im gunna miss you too daniel D; i cant belive were already gradating thats so lame!! 
@MrRashadd sooo hmmm when you sending me my red back  and my brown sweater...im serious!
@byrondore haha hey hi im bored 
@tonfue im mad wit u 
xboxmafiya its cool, I let my hopes get 2 high thinkin he was gunna make it to my graduation  so im kinda bummed.
Sitting in my pj's    not going to college coz' im sick  someone come over and have a cone haha
im so cold and its so dark and shmee wants me to cover people in kerosene and light a match..............im scared 
@philsbh awww im mad i had to leave 
Arghh i really cant concentrate anymore  im hungry
@theCHEEKsterr yes im following them now but they seem like a competitor  oh well ima be better LOL or maybe we can work together
@LadyAdrina yes there is! and i still cant believe this jari! and you didnt even tell me about this incident? im hurt!!!!!!!!! 
chemistry? i think i cant do my best, im sorry mom 
@NADMEVENTS women are jus nit pick, neeeeeeever happy, soo sad smh   soo glad im a guy!!!!!!
@adriolivera im sorry adri  i mean i noe hes makin a mistake. but we arent celebritys. hes not guna noe us unless we become an undisco ...
... crap im getting sick again. 
and im upset. and you know what? im about to break a sweat cause im freaking out! 
hi every1 im looking for sum following luv....LOL... 
@liamprescott ohhhh fun! mixing songs?? lol  im boreddd too at home! 
ughh im tired and sooo sore xD goodnight&lt;3 missin you babe 
im so bored!! theres nothing to do 
@natalieimcool I am now twhirling! its pretty cute. im said to leave firefox behind though  its been so good to me.
@eric_mack you going for a record? &amp; shes not working tonight 
im in minnesota but not at the soulja boy concert 
i can't believe i'll be 20 next yr. gosh im getting old 
@joshmichael09 haha cool yea im  hungry to and doing bio 
im bored.  theres nothing to do
@clickflickca please do not rub it in-im calling cust retent tomorrow.  grrr  http://myloc.me/4oRS
@techninjoe cause im a weakling..lol..for real tho im a preme..born 2 months early so i got like bad heart, bad sight, bad back, umm yea 
@Bexbelieve it aint even funny  im fukin depressed bex i seriously dunno how much i can take but yea come darlin
@JaviLovesPizza nothing, im bored 
@RukaLamperouge like my new pic im feeling a litttle code geass man i miss it so much 
ahhh so im at home and i keep hearing this screachy sound and idk where its comming from ahhhh 
im @ home tryna figure out why my best friend is mad @ me 
omg my tooth..im starting to get sick from this and its killlinggg me the motrins arent not even the abesol.. ughh i wanna cry 
@donnamaaarie lol but im watching spongebob  ok I will at like 10 hehe
Chilling. im soar is certain places 
@kiss_sweet_mand im going to talk to my managers about a job opening at my hospital for you. im so sorry you are going through this hun 
im hungry and it sucks my parents arent hm yet 
@marilynacosta its changing on its own! lol &amp; yeah im stil going even tho i dont wanna go 
Oh my effing word i have to take a pis so bad and im in the car 
@EmeraldIsMyName -yawns- im so bored..and tired. Theres nothing on TV 
@mileycyrus im always bored and alone u r so lucky u hav a greTat friend lik mandy cuz i think i jus lost mine idk how tho. 
@NikkiNick aww hunny.. im sorry.. i got caught up here.. will u forgive me?  i really am sorry.. whatz on now or next?..
@frequencyskye awe im sry i would so go with you but it would be so much to get down there 
@RocsiRabbit : girl he is finee ! &amp;nd he is at this club in hollywood tonite , grr. but im sick so ii couldn't go 
sigh.... im kinda starting to miss my Dakkah Dakkah. too bad she refuse to even learn how to treat a nigga  le fucking sigh.
babysitting great while everyones out  oh well at least im getting paid!
@alexveja this sucks even more  eu macar am unu din 4 
im still trying to figure out this twitter thing! 
@Kmoody2003 haha funny u asked. im listenin to it right now!! and the vid still wont open 
@michaelmagical im flagged on everything 
i feel like the only way i will be able to meet @jonasbrothers is if im famous  bc they dont know who is really their friend.
ummm.... im super bored right now 
im waiting for the bus surrounded by a bunch of immature kids.. so angry 
@dfizzy @bisante you guys have NO idea how sad i am right now. BOTH of you are a couple of my fave youtubers...i HATE this. im sad. 
im glad that every now and then they have to stick a dying baby in on ya. ugh. this is terrible 
@enliytenme me toooooo and smoke damn i forgot i gotta get ur smoke game up damn im a horrible teacher  loll
SHIWAZZLE!!! im bored just talkin 2 no 1     im a billy 
@tayytayy im sad i didnt get to talk with you! 
im so bored... idk what to do.  ..... i cant do anything without her...i miss her so much ...
need to get something into my stomach but whats the point when im only going to throw it back up again 
@cLoodihoo nooooooooo i gotta see stuff from the beginning  im sad
Going to attempt to lay down. im hot and dont feel good 
im hungry, but i dunno what i should eat 
im sticking to my words 'guys are overrated' because if your srsly puting the effort and heart in it to early your gunna get hurt 
@rileyurick mann i  got in a car accident.. im whip less right now  damn u know henny is my shit t0o! big homie!
k so like my stupid phone completely died...like its gone! so im getting a new one! woooo! hahaha but for now im in hell! whaaaaa! 
@RestYourCase  my kitty has been missing for almost 2 weeks... im super upset over it... i kinda feel ur pain
...no im sorry. shes NOT much better  your clearly happy though.. so i loooove you &lt;3
im goin 2 bed hopefully the pain in my arm doesnt keep me awake 
im really missing my dog right now  and i hate being left out of things
@JoeJGirl2009 you are too my wonderful bestie. gosh! im tired... and sick. 
so im a bit broken hearted right now also. 
@maryy_ann awwww im sorry that ur day isnt good  that sucks!!!
omg im going to be hungover for work tomorrw 
@robbiehiltonx mmm ghurl i be saying that! lol. ughh im in such a bad mood 
im really cant find it. google wont help me. 
im trying so hard to work on my trust issues ~sighs~ 
hi @sexyindia im a fan of urs i have some of ur vids to bad i cant watch dem im fasting 
3.0 in ontario...that sorta fucked my high up..also 2 i hate when i call 2 check on my son&amp; his dad dont answer..im worried 
So its like 8 mins later and im still bored.  I wish my boo was with me. I miss him!
@ajaybanks24 haha. im scared. you have to go to george's otherwise shell be tots disapressed.  im so sad.
interview over, went well I hope. the office was nice hehe. im so hungry off to get food. yipe. still shaking about my tattoo 
i jst sneezed &amp;&amp; it sounded like a cannon.  im gnna read &amp;&amp; thennn sleeeeeep.goodnight twitterbugs&lt;3
bored as mess  wont have my cell till saturday  ughh im so going to die (
would love to have a picnic...too bad its 4 am and im at work  im pretty sure my boss would frown on me for busting out a picnic basket.
@ryan_face  im sure i wud never have sed that!x
Signin out, im confused  i need a twitter beginner course
i cant adopt coz im 2 young 
im insulted :/ thats no game 
@hepxxx not that warm im still cold  shes gonna have no hair left soon if she keeps dying it, does she think it looks good :|
@thatboymeta im very sorry for your loss sweety  and im here if you need me.. my phone dead so cnt call but if u wanna talk im here!
lol i never knew prank calling could be so fun but im all out of credit  
im sooo sad! im gonna miss our class soooo much! 
@NarutoUzumaki hiya im watching naruto shippuden episode 80 omg i cnt believe asuma sensei dies  its so sad x
im like surprised you know cuz singapore's h1n1 cases have reached 77 and 24 mire could close down me school 
hmmz  im not feeling the love for my haircut right now :O 
ragin im not goin to see prodigy!! 
@swayswaystacey i know  they dont reckon she'll make it much longer :'( and awh  im sorry dearrrrr (L)
@MandyGee90 no im just being a poof haha! my legs and arms hurt tho  lol
guys my internet is lagginG  will be on sunday! im sorrrrrrry i'll have a few autogrphed things to give away- archie xxx
NO WAY! @sarahteaa yours looks mad. mines just like a lame shot... im too lazy to change it. 
@courtneymarie11 im sorry you don't feel good!!!! 
@facunditas a group of us decided to give up, im the only one who stills smokes... i am now the leper of the group, usually found outside 
im in a pissed off mood.! grrr watch out. sorry i might snap. i feel so angry like im going to explode. i got mad at cj 
had a weird nights sleep and feels tired cant wait for @markfriend to get here and @lenaalli im sorry i took the piss makin you wait  &lt;3
@mileycyrus im bored tooo miley, theres nothing to do lol 
@jazzyteesings OW that sounds like a fail lol. im hungry and theres no food here...  lol hows the sims 3!
@erinmaslovar im sorry the sky lied to you maam. 
brb!! im gotta concentrate on makin this oatmeal cuz the packet dont have instructions  !!
in this place all alone and im bored  `im going 2 go play w./the dogg
@gingersian im really missing you and the other 2 today   i so wanted to come in coz we got to practise and everything  oh well ly xx
@himynameisrose aww im so devo  that sucks. but its cool you found out hahahah x
...............im waiting for my dad to cum and fetch me at hostel..... 
@SuperKaylo hi im a big fan of insiders i think you and mr pointyhead are both ace,i have broken my arm at school  but oh well!
@shellmcc_1 awh im sorry  id say this can get addictive tho  something else to be on hahaha
sara0120- yes!!! omg love it!so how you reply on black berry? im so confused.. 
@willtompsett oh thats fine then, i dont need2be older! xcellent, im in the queue then with all the rest 
im hurtin so much i cant stop cryin 
im really bored cuz  my sister is not here.       i dont know what to do!                                                Any suggestions?
@x0xnina im LITERALLY going to fail, no jokes.  
im going to the walk in. i feel like garbage 
@E_L_E_V_E_N i cant believe u got miley cyrus ticket  im sooo jealous 
@MATTHARDYBRAND awww matt im sorry buddy 
n im real sorri about the lack of tweetin 
ugh, im sooo tiredd!!  work until five, text me, adn we will hangout after!
Tmrw is my bday and im bummed!!   i dnt want to turn 26 yalllll ewwww
@heyoliviaaaa omg yes, im so excited im going to cry. idk when ill get to the acoustic though because we have to go straight there 
@joshmichael09 yeaa im half way donee!!! so I will b there. im starving tho 
I feel bad coz im still in love with someone else  I want him bak I want him now, but I hav a new 1 in my life and I can't let him go.
@arlenexo im sorry about ur brother 
@carolaskyn im sick toooo 
think im going to calvin harris in august now  hopefully it doesn't sell out soon, cause i have literally no money 
im hungry  i want a kebab!
hello everyone .. guesss what im sick and im still going to a damn sweet 16 tomorrow   &amp;nd in just a few i have to go to the southside
waitin 4 my mom so i can go shopping i might be moving to currituck&lt;3  im happy &amp; sad
S.O.S: im having sharp yet random abdominal pains  like when ipush down/ when i move too suddenly.
- eaten some steak!!! im feeling good! much better!! missing my lady though 
im goin to the dentist now, eww 
sonia's home!! but im here  i miss her!!!
k so im following too manyyyyy ppl its slowin up everything.. i gotta delete sum 
im gunna be leaving 4 a tourny in like 2 hours im soooo excited! we get to stay in a hotel sorry liv i cant go 2 ur games  but mabes afta
ok i dndt do the vid  im sorry 
uhhh its like 103 degrees outside and im still working. 
truth be told im getting real tired  lol
@BreeOlson9 aww bree, im sorry, shitty times 
im so tired, i swear im going to trip over my droopy eyelids  *mega yawn*
@mare_tweet02 im sorry about noni 
the rain is pouring down down down.. im sad 
i can't believe my baby left me today!!! this is going to be a verry long weekend  and im not too happy about it.. missing him already
2 of my best friends are going to japan for a mouth im glad for them, but i'll miss them alot 
wedding bells are ring and im stuck. stuck in wis while everyone else is in cali.. 
@DeathSponge omg.....they muffed up chloes too  so what you doing now then...this is why im going college hehe they cant change my corse x
i had a superbad dream hiks  i try to forget it, but i always remember . try to positve thinking but im still scare.
im not karen's secret boo nomore 
@jpmiranda im sorry  yeah u should go to the dr. just to be on the safe side. &lt;3
@eelectroshockk i've been amazing! just a little down cuz my bff is sad  but besides that im fiiinee! so what r u doing?
getting ready for work , ugh im dreading this my manager is a meany 
omfg , works haunts mee  lol , im so dramatic
got a perfomance review coming up....im nervous about...im far from perfect so there's nothing worst then reading ur imperfections 
@MrTaylor2U biotch im upstairs sick as a dog with a fever of 102 and u cant even bring me some water? i'm so hurt  jk
@zachpolo im sorry!  i havent talked to you in a min. You dont text me anymore! 10.13.08
@mcflyharry something good...im bored! 
@andyroddick aww andy, im sooo sad rafa has withdrew  i guess its better in the long run for his fitness!! please get better soon rafa x
ok im lost doin this twitpic thing frm my ph ugh 
@vfclovexoxo don't think I'm stupid but he didn't dm me about the pic   and idk...im just feeling like taht
i need to sleep cos i have to get up at 6am but im too excited and @mcflyharry keeps posting tweets. go away harry let me go to bed  haha
fuu wee....im left with no plans 
smh i aint get my car the shop closed smfh  im mad
im soo hungry...but i can't eat... 
Trying to get some cleaning done but im not feeling so hot 
@ u r sick &quot;( noooo  im sorry to hear that hayley! &lt;3 get well soon ily!
My sister is crying her eyes out becaues my grandma just died and i want to cry cuz im sad but i cant....it feels bad!! 
im SO glad im going out with my sister tomorrow  i need cheering up a lot, i feel so crap
ugh im crackin - sweet messages :| &quot;i cant live without you please baby, you mean everything to me&quot; why does he do this to me 
Absolutly nothing im so ashamed!! 
i have lost my best friend im such an idiot 
1:17 . gosh im tired, but cant sleep.  #squarespace
hollywood undead is pretty much amazing and they have a concert in blackfoot coming up room and im unable to go.   ~*~meg~*~
#dontyouhate admitting to urself that u r no good at something. - im so bad in accounting that I have to hire a pro tutor 
im full. really full. fuck!!! I totally broke my detox 
im full. really full. fuck!!! I totally broke my detox fucking chinese food! 
@paddylatorre waittt... im not with you!!!  be  good little lady and expect my weekly check in on sunday!
@Shofii thats luck! i'm in my bed :/ im sick again  is terrible!
This is so sad. We need to stick up for our trans friends so crap like this stops happening. Another young girl - dead  http://tr.im/p7iF
So hungry  and im just sitting at a bar!
kerry is coming over to my house today, im sooo sleeepy. 
@xcrisisfactorx im sorry 
omg i just found out that the camp that im going to is going to open late because some of the staff are sick. luckily it dosnt effect me! 
man this sucks its the end of skool and im not gonna see my friends again 
@bfree47 ya im alright.. i just miss my car  thanks!
did i mention im scared of spiders 
In my cage because im naughty  I just wanted to say hi by barking!
My vaca made me a granny...im ready for bed!! But have to bartend at 10 
im pretty cold right now, bored aswell  meh
@xrachyyyx22 nope im not cuming or coming i have to b in the house 
@tickedypoph im like that,being jobless is crap  try so hard to get a job but thers nothing worth goin for..x
all my anxietys back,  i cant sleep and im thinking all the bad stuffs again *le sigh* http://plurk.com/p/12anjy
i jus bumped my knee on the desk and im bleeding!!!  how the hell i do dat???
shes sikky 
@jojo_the_brat im so sad.  i just barely missed it! booo. my own fault tho.
@kIDqool nuthin...whats up? I aint seen or heard from yall in a while  im startin to feel sad
oh no im starting to feel sick my head hurts 
@FormulaG2 lol ur right... but then id look like a slut.. and im not a slut.. 
@hebbybya hahahahahaha atleast im not the only wierdo in the family 
im actually hungry  some one give me food
Is at ma boos coworkers daughters 15s lol can u tell im from d hood.. No liq thou 
@JJLola yumy sushi, lol. im ok...mosquito bites though. it monsooned over here....ugh 
boi-frand ughh what boi-frand. .how can i possibly do this. .im not as strong as you but ill try 
on my lunch eating ths bomb ass salad I made earlier .. im full &amp; im not even half way through it 
@tess_hp awww  GUESS WHAT! I just saw that my email didnt send! it said postial notificaton: failure! im screwed! I will send her it again
@ddecandia working on a sat u disgust me! although im working sunday 
@PhuckitzSade yea they are bad too cuz im really little  im scared to see wat its gonna look like when he is actually out  ewww lol
leaving again  no roots for me just have to keep moving im done i really am
@a0kate  i know thatttt   im naming my child that in memory of j.t.  because he is the best part of degrassi lol
@00PoLoShAwTy Pissed ! cuz im in this country ass town..lol i wanna go hooommmee  lol
im bored  and im not doing anything tomorrow!
im at prayer, theres like nooobody here 
wwooohh! im not feeling good in my school anymore. 
im a lil bumed out some one is actin like a stranger to me and i dont know y 
@jtilow spanks darling. im sorry for being evil at work. i just feel so shitty 
@tweetieelovee haha i kno it sucks n im so tired  nothin gd on tv.. ya findin jobs is shitty here so hard grr
@Tightwadhill27 thats gay im sorry ya im having a blast but im missing you and laney  but hopefully you will be back on  monday and we can
hmm..im hungry..it's still raining. ick 
With aleaha its kinda sad bc shes moving sunday 
eh, i should have not came home  im bored now..
i keep sayin hella. im off work. imma miss atba and wl anddd meg and john 
@ddlovato holy crap im watching this too! dude , its so sad how people kill them  soo sad.
@dandiyang they were here on thursday  im sad we missed john noe and frac !!
im so moody. I think its all cause I need a cigg. 
my biff is sad.  therefor im sad.
twitter is wack yo. but im bound by boredom. 
@mrs_music  lol! im sry. its getting old but everytime i c it i think of u and i die laughin  lol! ahhh
My camera suck! lol ughhhhhhh! for some reason im not looking forward for tomorrow, im too lazy to get dressed and get ready 
@TheNoLookPass im sad it's over. i feel like somethings missing 
@mizzshygurl oh no signal im at home lol thats funny a wacko called u 
def calln it a nite .....im tired and @proatthis wont talk to me   so goodnite all..enjoy @ im_renee
@Lehks dang that sux :/ im sorry 
just finish bowling. umm im not gonna say nothing about it. Just note that i need more practice 
i had 2 stop smoking hydro cuz im going to the army 
@theincrowdblog u dont want to bee  im really drunk still nd probs embarassed myself really bad.. whoopss. sushi soon tho! &amp; no drunk lisa
@TheRealJordin omg did the inner piercing pain alot? cos i want 2 go do it today but im like so scared 
Misses the cutest boy eveer  wonder if hes thinking about me as much as im thinking about him?
dude omg!!! - im bleeding from my anus!  like i fell on a patato and it like went up my butthole. and i... http://tumblr.com/xsm23j54q
@RonDeo gaaah im jealous hahaha theres good stuff when im nott there  lolol
it's alright it's ok... im so much better without you 
@BridgetteBanxxx uqh im sittin here bored as ell on the fone lol..wish it was july already 
im currently watching scream 3 and im hungry 
cant sleep as usual.  im tired of a lonley bed, i need someone to hold.  too bad shes already got that position filled 
@nick_carter we r waiting for somethig to show us u love us for us and not for our $ plss make me change my mind im soooo sad 
omg! they killed the birdie things! i forgot! their my favorite. im knda sad 
ughhhhh i feel sick if ur a girl..u know wat im talking bout  ughh
i get sleepy alot. maybe its because im a quarter century old now 
@hurricanehalvo omg wait is it still alive!? im scared for you  lol you are what you have, thats what I tell people :]
im shiting sadness right now 
 ok ok im going to smile even though i dont want too, even though its hard....lonely me....  lol
Wishing I could go 2 sleep and I hav 2 work @ 6 a.m., dis is whack dat im still up right now 
@echemise lol sorry luh im abit slow hahah. I rly love that show! i always watch it and im sad that theyre not tgther anymore 
@dennylittle65 omgoodness im so excited  yeeee!!! asap okie?! kuz what if it runs out? 
3 consecutive nightmare.. why do i always dream that im about to kill by somebody.. 
@sivonclaire im trying to fix my avatar and banner n shit...it irritating me 
wow cant sleep  im soooo hot! mi weather sucks!
@kimberley_ ah kool. nah im in for the night, still not well so can't go out 
@willyanthony im sorry im super laaaateee..... 
im in debt with my boyfriend  laying in bed depressed because im still waiting for a job at the library. i hate being kept waiting !!
twitter im sick this morning idk whats going on an y 
@joyceho  fine. im going to learn about the components of blood now. have fun,  i am still so crazily jealous
@danavaccaro im right there too! for the same damn reasons...  how you?
im very very bored.. i seriously dont know what to do now..  any ideas? 
@maddyesposito your lucky, im here feeling sick  feels like ima vomit from my chest. and now i have intergestion! cant stop coughing!!
yeah its my birthday im so happy!!! its 7:52 am and im so tired i need some sleep im babysittin right now on my birthday sucks 
i feel really bad coz i shouted at my mum  on the bright side im goin 2 see my sister!!!!!! x x x
@alex_poole oh man. im sad that this article is on the net. now we're all gonna get spam  lol.
good bye! im goin home now. im so sleepy 
im super depressed! piano teacher suggested me to NOT take abrsm and take trinity instead. just proves im soo not up to the mark! 
im slowly gettin into this, but i never have anything exciting to blog 
@aussiemcflyfan aww  im sure he does. but just doesnt wanna show admit it. stupid boys.
@kbyekat im not going!!!  dammit..
although i slept a very long time ... im still tired ^^ hmm somehow im just bored these days ... i miss some special ppl 
im typing my nonsense feelings! 
still not on  im bursting with news.. on that same matter.. theres still the urge that i dont believe 
@livrae im very excited for tomorrow. im still frustrated though cause he hasnt text back 
looking forward to some zzzzZzZz . not until im done browsing thru I.T. tho 
im bored as hell 
gahhhh shes confusing 
@mattymax no im such a n idiot when it comes to this part of computers i dont get it 
@Hollywelch oh right haha, im eating noodles atm wasnt allowed my break at work 
@LadyChann oh yeah im in it a rapping baby mother lol it really is true cameras put pounds on ya  i luk fat! im in da yellow..dun in brum!
party todayy, no not for graduation. im missin everyonee. 
hellloooo  just been swimmin with my mates its just starting to rain... waaa  no one is around im boredd.... x
wth man!! im hungry im guessing i should not use twitter while i feel like this... kuz then i wont ever eat 
@DrewsThatDude andrew lloyd playin bass on a beat.  im sad! lol
im so hungry there is nothing to eat at my cousins house 
just got my car towed and im sad 
dear mr goodyear.. i dont know my tires.. im sorry.. im such a girl 
hopefully this works my phone still messd up bae so dont think im ignoring you and me and my momma got into it 
im rele bored...nobody is on myspace 
@plofficial  and a double sadface cause u left me on bbm! im not being a bodybuilder nomore!!
hey guys i wont be on youtube alot im going to 3 partys this week!! sorry! 
@ClandestineShop dammit. my moms in chicago. im home babysitting. 
im hungover again  but this wale mixtape is coo
And yes, Its too hot to swim here on the gulf coast.  http://ff.im/-4dNfE
@msiimon wait im so jealous.. its crazy!!? lawl, im tired. this weather sucks man 
i'm so frickin sleepy but im at work so no sleep for ol' E.P 
A review of year one -  http://tr.im/paDa - sad, I was hooping it would be at least *kinda* good 
I just found out my grandma is in the hospital omg im worried n thats all i know. I cant get a hold of anyone. 
I saw a really cute dog i want!! But shes 6 and would need her teeth cleaned which is expensive  im thinking about it
back from the beach  miss it!!, in orlando now!!! gunna chillout tonight..hopefully have a lill fun hehe. if im not too sick :/
@powellwj  im sorry about your last tweet too. you know you can always come here!!
@am13er i wish there was, pa needs to work on their public transportation lmao. hopefully sometime soon we will be able to make it happen 
@candizzles i know, sorry!  anna told me about it &amp; that's why im going! let's celebrate on sat too, k?
@DavidFaustino yeah, im feeling sick too  boo.
@kaylaxbrittany oh dope haha im bummed man im not gonna see judy after all 
@wendythevegan im sorry boo 
@magicconch hehe, im sooooooo hungry, i can't concentrate. 
im so sad...... want to go home.... 
im learnin math ... 
feels so guilty. I'm cursed to be attracted to committed women and I hate it.  http://plurk.com/p/12im6o
@jeneparlepas  shes doing it again?
@jraimond  oh shit- im so sorry.  i really hope she's hiding in the yard somewhere  
@LizStefani  omg not having sex ...im sorry 
watchin some movie with ledd, im tired nd dnt feel good. 
@ItGirlSerena *crying* no im not mad at you, im mad at nate 
cant belive theres only 1, more episode on college hill left! im so sad! 
@rosy_ox im on my 5 th coke at the pub talking about fish 
ok im officially leaving twitter  byeeee #trackle
and again &quot;all the tears on her guitar, im not bitter&quot; ouch joe. poor taylor 
@bbysoso call em i dont got ma auntiez #  im sad now
ahh my parents are so mad at me! it seems like im leaving everything on a bad note! 
@underdog87 i knowww it wont sign me on!   im going insane. lmao
im soooo bored!!! lala and nobody wants to play with me 
chucks mom is making us take special precautions cause im short 
@rudedoodle im bad with anything like that &amp; now im all jumpy 
my babe is home...but im not 
@EwwCassidy ahaha im not even sure whats going on. i gotta talk to your sister, cause currently i have no phone 
im soo bored. and i have no followers at this time soo whats the piont?? 
im such a fucken moron  damit
im sad, cuz my batter is acting up, and i cant afford to get it fixed  everything is going wrong...
waitin for my momm shee needs to hurry im gettin hot ,,  and im bout to eat all thiss freakkinq foooooood lols
lol jess they r going to luv the arranged marriage....im stuck here till the 25th 
I have to pee so bad but cant bc im by myself at work! 
im so tired... want to go home 
@alexandracarrin thats good! im pretty much in love with my place in abilene too. i miss it 
@maximumtheali yep I agree...shes dull!! 
@Moyette iam sorry iam just help you 
im so hungry rite now 
im hoping my doggy is ok, he's spending the nite at the vet 
omg im freezzing. ugh i hate being sick!!!! save me 
@shesstrych9 omg me too  i was just thinking that. im about to watch movies and theres no one to cuddle w/. booooo.
@LikeaDirtyGirl no cause im at my aunts on the computer and she is watching tv  and i dont think its on here cause it wasnt wehn I looked
im so fuckin sad  she left me without a word. i hope i will never see her again
im sick of waiting for people this is my last tweet from my lx09  good riddens!
ok im going to go get some dions then..... 
@dmeeno i payed a tenner to get into a club that sells grolsch and im not even drunk! 
im angry and i sad trey cancelled and now i have no where to wear my dress to!!!! grrrr... im going to sleep now... 
@michellereneex haha, its alright. im dying of heat though. and wishing i was in dallas to see the jonas brothers! 
omg im soo hungry!! this food is gross 
@whatitdoshawty noneee im so tired  i wish tho gotta celebrate end of highschool !
@Tudors_girlie yeah im so tired everytime i put my head down its kills 
thats twisted, and sick. good to know you get pleasure from that. sry im not good enough. i hate being drenched with jealousy 
boooooored, had about 20 cans of redbull i cant sleep  im cold aswell
omg . granny and grandpa is arguing  i neva seen them like this . im scared .
im bored sittin on the computer 
@msibathadiva im lookin 4 entertainment as of now.. bcz the hubbie is hard @ wrk 
@pikachuuuu aawww im sorry but yea im aching from head to toe so i can only imagine how you feel 
@wesaybrittnie sorry i wasn't home  i hope youre having fun tho&lt;3
sittin under this blasted dryer ..and im only on the deep conditioning part  http://myloc.me/4LgW
@d_hizzy im sorry but it's true. i would love be in detention with him..... or adam grontier. but i cant have both  hahaha.
Yess  and im gay rachel?
I wish i could be in dallas right now.. well not just right now , i wish i could be there for the rest of my life.. im so sad 
my friend on on msn is scareing me lot sh has got  a concussion  im scared for her she dont remember me
@KBreez they started going on sale on friday!!! im so pissed my mom is being a bitch and saying i can't go!  i hate her..seriously
I want  an lg fuckin rumer ! is that so hadrd to ask? arg.. im so in need of a cell right now. 
@cicelyjohnston im gunna need your big sister love cause im kinda depressed lately cis 
hey! wats up everyone?? ugh im sooo bored right now! 
@photojennylove im sorry deary 
well todayyy i did absoutley nothing  im in love with taylor launter so please hook me upp ;)
@robbiek im going to a bbq toooooo. wish i was going to the same one as you 
neverrr eatyn chinese food agen  unless im dyin of hunger
im already home from dane cook. wasn't able to stay the whole show. 
enjoyin da shower,water feels so good..too bad im n it alone 
@LindyyR cuz im hatin right now... i dont even know if im goin to the show... 
@xhayleyway yeah i told him and he wanted to leave me alone i told him no cuz he cheers me up, im tryinnnn! filasdhfkshydfks  
@Mahum918 pooh bear! im tired too 
@ladygoodman_x yeahh im not going on tuesday anymore. couldnt get off work.  oh well..
@dwgirl4life im sorry stacy, I didn't mean to stir up memorys sweetie 
shes so close, it hurts! ill never accept it! ill always hate her! i tried so hard, beacause i love you, but i see, you dont love me back 
im a fag aw, thats mean  im sad now 
im glad everybody liked the new video lols and i totally just woke up  awwwwww
im about to hit 100 followers need 7 more come on baby 
@zhoo well yea but least its warm and it smells like u .. god im so pathetic 
im starting to think that i dont know how to relax...i keep doing things and now im more tired! 
im sooooo starving but i dont feel like cooking and im to lazy to drive any where! 
night shift again?! what the f***!  im super duper tired with ths!
@julzdiamondz guess im too young 
@TwiObsession  oh im still waiting for the rest of new moon  i gona die if i dont know what happen!!!
@TurkeyMayonaise sweet has shit to, i wish i could show this bad motherfucker but i cant  lol an im typing on my computer b/c my cell dead
i cant decide if im hungry or not  and want these shoes http://bit.ly/customchucks donate $120 to my cause pls
@echeloneffect im still sick  oh but last night was fun! Thanks for comin out eh!! cant believe only 4 drinks n im near drunk LOL  x
hahaha. i have like 5 followers and yet, i still try to post stuff on here everyday. sad  im basically talking to myself.even more sad 
i dont have reception  and leo is right here watching tv........awwwww lito im sorry i told u its scary
@maryelleuh omg bb wtf ;\ i am on something lmfao i meant day im sorry 
im so sorry guys..its uploading..its just taking ohh soo long  im gonna cry! i really want all if you to see it!!
@nyramohamad alolo saja! ALOLO (L) HEEE. im doing so and so. i just miss everyone. my holidays are sucky. 
@samiwashere http://twitpic.com/7ze5h - aww cute pic! im sad i didnt get to see yall1 
@TheLDP ah im kinda uhh sick lmao xD i lost my voice 
im freakin bored right now 
im bored at home. I wish I had Sumbody over here 2 chill wit 
already missing phoenix, theyre off to bali tomorrow  im stuck @ balmain.
i feel like im going to again. please dont do it, stomache! im begging you! i want to sleep tonight! 
im to fucking tired ,i cba to go to fucking dance 
eh im bored....  theres nothing to do when its raining 
@killakelzo hahahaha im a classy woman I always get the shiteye from people 
@tierneywilson oh im sorry.  i hate bugs. they gross me out. but yeah, im trying not to die. and im surprised i havent already after t ...
@babydoodle_22 im sorry  wuz qoinq on ?
grad was the shit but im sooo sad that high school is over *tears* 
im bored watching the tv. i wan to watch something. 
http://twitpic.com/7zre8 - cant believe im being made to give her away  shes soo cute
@thatswhack74 awww im sooo sorry 
just got through playing with my little bunny its 5:30am and im getting hungry im ready to eat breakfast i just dont want to cook nothin 
im waching tv..hearing some songs..fell boring.. 
tweeps i crashed someones car im home now but im scared 
@novickancy im ill literally sick babes and very ill  completely bedridden
@TRaBeezy lol come on. im not special enuff 4 u stop da show 
im sad i actually found out the guy i went out with for 4 days sed he wasnt ready coz his grama died but he actually likes someone else 
@MATTHARDYBRAND huh? im not sure i Do no th rest. 
@ELZ92 and i was there yesterday and its suddenly worse eeeepp im sure i dont have swine!!!!! but i dont feel good  boooo
i hate the falsies i bought.. they look, well, false. :C  loving the new bag i bought tho cuz im depressed. 
Me thinks hes got tonsillitis 
@naomispencer LOL im cool i didnt get a reply though 
@natashasaurus LOL coz im pov and because mums being lame 
babycakessss your chocolate lover iss hereee its soo cold  wow im bored love youuuu xxx
@unlachs props to that, im too lazy to do anything 
@OrganGrinder_ cant  gotta get transcribing done...and im too sick to do it now and it takes foreverrrrrrrrr
im up super early and theres nothing on TV!!! 
im up and off to woodward  fuck morrnings
@Philipmason i didnt realise you said anything...im sorry philip 
Aiyoo.. my whole body aching nw.. im so lacking of rest and sleep.  - http://tweet.sg
im eating these new skittles called skittles confused, they're ok but at least they dont taste like the starburst ones they were horrible 
happpy padreee dayy xD but my daddy has work:-/ &amp;&amp; im goin upstate for a baptism so im not guna b woth him all dayy 
why am i awake i went to bed at 4am =/ and my voice sounds like a hottt ass messssss!! im still sick 
i want 2 scream.....................................................im soooo bored......hmph!. 
not looking forward to tomorrow, will be fun but im gonna look like a right tool and i cant give the excuse that im suppose to be a chav 
it's alright it's ok.im so much better without you. 
receives an unwelcome call  http://ff.im/-4fChn
im happy but im also sad coz everyone else is 
here we go again twitter is going crazy again adding and deleting my follwers and who im following again 
im kinda sleepy na, but i still have to finish some things. 
@bexmith im missing my dad 
im sick of there being pips in my mandarins!! it really ruins the whole experience 
nothing at all, im very bored 
@vvrain im up to wk3 lol...now in front of my pc trying to install something  oh n the assignment mark is out la der. my group sucks
fuck im tired 
no boo im doing from the comp ....i still cant do it from my phone 
well i watched and watched and watched again ...  and well was it worth me even trying coz im not even in it .. i cant see no purple hair 
dont think im goin into work tonight om not feelin to hot 
i just had the best workout ever my hand cannot type cuz theyre shaking :p hehehe +im burned cuz i spent all day tanning and i look scary 
@adamaniac1 ok.  well i g2g. but i hav my cell! but, everything im saying wont be a direct. it'll be an update!
@iloveyoux3_ im good (: u?  whaaaaat hell thats awesome i want 2  
@cunninghamster lol well im on a phone. cuz im at the pool. haha. sorry 
what is the fun about this? hehe i know nobody who does this, im lonely on twitter 
@mgetzski yeah im thinking so 
 i have to go to my sisters now to look after vada so im not going to be able to talk properly to anyone for a while 
@briahiebert16 im pretty sure she's done but maybe im wrong...hey atleast ur bday isn't in novemeber...i dont turn 16 till novemebr 
my phone died  and im sad
@iloveyoux3_ ohh nothing hunny! im just so damn stupid 
just had somebad news, i hate hearing that sumone is upset, im upset now  xxxxxx
im sorry  my bestfriends mean everything.
@aaronob omg bb no  im sorry.  dont get me wrong, i love both of them, but britney's still my #1.  always &amp; forever.
im thinking of redoing my wall, and i want a new chair and a new tv, but no money 
@crcsings totally makes no sense, but im sad u guys arent going! 
btw im at my happy place :] my6 dads hpuse but still dont have my laptop 
had a nice nap. im so sick today! i feel so weak! i keep sneezing. im not well  i need joe jonas @jonasbrothers
at disneyland. deja is having too much fun...i havent even gotten a tan   loving my baby  missing...wohoo its hot. tomorrow im 23
@susanmacneil , thats awesomeeeee , i dont think im gettin one anymore . since im going to ontario  &lt;/3
im.....doing nothing actually...wow. i am addicted, im doing nothing and tweeting bout it 
feels like im in a race (but now i feel like im in last place  )
@HOMESiZHOt grrrr -.- im 5&quot;4 and he is 6&quot;2...its like totally not far!!! it was       58-40 
@carriexox im sorry  i'd ask you to go but its already sold out.
@MaxineBoyle_x aa im goin to skint next moneth  aww thts gd ur off wed n thurs !
@LaGSpaz93 what does ftw stand for? along with smh? im so not the tech geek i thought i was 
@ques4187 Hey Marques. U know anyone who is hiring? im struggling over here 
@shortyferever  im good!
@pocah0ntas i love it here!! its hot and humid. im mad there's no stereotyped texans though. no big hair, nor texan drawl. 
@omidhabibinia im sorry to hear that  i hope she turns up ok 
nothing,im so bored  
@aliciabellelite urghhhhh....bite me. its okay. im relaxing watching b.e.t right now lol. i was waiting 4 ur txt msg! he didnt write back 
@xdorkieMEx Haha you do that everyday huh? Haha im at the doctor 
im soooo freekin sleepy!! ick its hot...and there was a train accident...geeeesh be careful guys 
@handymanny noooo  wah! you just dont get it lol. im listening to the spice girls. i miss them xo lol.
@IamSamL where r u ?im bored and lonely  im watchin Brothers and sisters YAAY hhehe see u tom.
@carlamedina im sorry, what sad 
My best friend is moving to utah.  im gunna cry.
im not doin shit.... why.... cause i have no car anymore...  
@Colmbear yeh im jus going to miss people 
ugh. i feel like im losin my voice  ..brewing tea
im so mad!!!!!  reply me!!!!!!!!!
I was outbid by 50 cents on a dress i realllly wanted on ebay  im more dissapointed than i probably should be. It was so cute 
@RubiAlexandria uhm yeah hes outt  ..theyre currently practicing with a new drummer for warped   (rocketband live &gt; http://ustre.am/3BYQ)
got back from swiming.. in a serious talk... im upset 
@tisfortipper nothing im at the hospital right now i really wanna hang out though 
im bored, lonely, and wish my wifey was home 
layin down on his bed  doesnt feel very good and really stressed im ready to move in with him already
&quot;im tired of smiling on the outside while im crying on the inside. ive been doing that for a long time.&quot; -kate. 
jons turned a rebel. kate is usually being rude. they dont love eachother. they are sad. there kids look sad. im sad. i hate my lifeee 
@ikhsan im not strong enough to go back to jkt by car so theyre gon fly me there. then go straight to my dctor in jkt 
im sry i dident kno. and i kno i did, im sry  what can i say?...
@viva_la_LiNHx haha kewl. I cannt believ im not doing anything this summerr 
just punctured my finger at sonic. ouch. like i said before. im a gusher 
im soooo sleepy! i think i might fall asleep before secret life starts!  hahaha
@ManthaAlexandra lol i know! and im good. im at morgan working and stuff. its like u left n neva came back 
heyhey its dede. im so bored but im helpn my lil bro clean out his room and its a pain in the ass!!!! i stepd on somen and hurtd my foots 
im so sad about jon n kate. Those poor kids 
im falling for a guy who already has a gf, how terrible am i? 
hey twitter land, im still packing what do i take? is it going to rain  oh well on my way tomorrow yay  mwah xxxxxxxxxx
poor mom   i really dont know why she puts up with that, im fuming!
I dont feel great  =(  my legs really ache, my sunburn is still really sore, im very tired, and im starting to feel a bit sick  
@Cjharmony yeah its good...im just tired and bored of editing  xx
im ready for honduras ... but i really dont want to leave saturday 
Doctors appointment lames  getting a heart monitor....to make me feel like im 80 lol
@nicklenko im sad i never saw you 
im being such a whinging, hormonal, brat tonight! I need a good quick up the arse!! sorry bub! 
im away for a sleep, grr cold 
@cherylsclafani aww babe im sorry   i got you a present tho
done her final maths gcse today, was really easy? was it easy coz im smart or easy coz im thick?? a tad worried now  xxx
alles doof im moment 
@dlachance329   im sorry!! another one will come along!
ok looks like im not goin camping 2nite!! im well depresed now!! av nutin else 2 do!!   prob be on d net 4 d nite! peace!!!!!! x*x
im going to try to sleep 
@FuTuRiStIcNicki thats disgusting im not eating that shit they gonna ruin my fav ice cream 
@Sianz oh im sorry i forgot u said that!  bad memory me...
@jellibeen92 im feeling left out  i dunno whats happening why what is ???
shit. im hungry now. 
@whoisthetruth yo we breakin up....cuz u not showin me any love...im not happy 
i didnt really know i was fightin. im just playin/kiddin round.sorry i'll stop 
Watching Bewitched cause im bored  aha but it's fun. I'm hoongry
i miss abby  aha, stupid rich i say. hes stealing her off me!
im so mad  i cant believe i cant go im such a huge fann!
@jordanriane im so sorry   I wish I could do something for you. id make you laugh, but that might not b good w shallow breathing.
@MightyNuw haha im sorry to hear that pal but u know?yr score still higher from me 
im soo itchy!! i hate midgys!!!!!  
urgh im peeling in random places 
i like went 2 lucas/fred page and pressed followed 2 all the celebrties he was following wow i did the groupie thing and im no groupie 
i know i sound like a complete dork, but im still pissed that jake got kicked off of the bachelorette 
i miss my sis @meeny7  sameen come see me asap please ... side note im listening to sammie circa 1999 and im not even embarassed
@brinathemodel yeah im tryin to send it but my computer sucks ass 
ughh im so tired 
lucky jerkk! dude im addicted to coffee  haha. i need it at random times too! damnnn u edddy!
i dont even need a twitter! im always at fucking school!  grrrr! i need a boyfriend! http://twurl.nl/p3uv6s
im back from trainingg .. the heatt itss soo goood.. but its bad timesss when you gotta runn in it  my feet hurt
damnn... idk what to dooo!!! heartbreak hotel?? =\ i may be comin ur way  im going crazy
this that patio shit!!!... but im stuck in the trap 
@barack0drama im supposed to! are u? i have so much laundry and shit to do before i leave out though 
@LADYRUMDRIK it's the swine..... lol  im sorry ur not feeling good mamash!
@PoynterJones nite nite, im headin that way shortly, think its too warm to sleep thou 
@CallMeTori im so busy! im doing a freaking homework 
im in so much pain  need xrays on my back.
@CMyPassion nooo cuz ive seen that season so im waiting for the next oneee  i LOOOVE HER!!
im having freaking terrible horrible soarthroat i cnt sleep. 
im wrapping up for bed, coz i gotta get up early, really, really early  goodnite twitters xxx
0mg! immiserable bc im stuck im traffic on the way to hofstra &amp; i have 2 P really really bad 
hiding from all the baaaad weather. im scared. wtf this wasnt suposed to happen like thissss. 
im sooooo sad....thanks 4 the memories birthdays, im gona miss every1 sooooo much 
just finished eating, im happy(: aaaaaaaaaand now, study 
waitin for my parents to get home, im soooo freaking bored, someody save me! 
i hate that im sick at this concert cant even watch it 
I hate how i cant communicate with the man doing my nails rite now. he can talk 2 me yet cant understand what im telling him 
@meaghanmarino im all yours when ur ready for me. i want a burger too 
wow im so mad, cant go out again tonight 
@Amylou890 i cant see the pic bcuz im at work right now 
im awake, starving  ,,, but i wont get out of bed,,, i'll continue sleeping,, can't wait to have a weird dream like usual...
alright. so im finally showered, and about to lay down...i really wish someone would come hold me 
im so jealous @vanygomez -__- I should have just gone im sure I would b happy right about now. 
im hungry. bored. and theres nothing on tv. 
@SongzYuuup i cant get threw..MAAAN!!!im bouta break out in tears.. 
sitting on the couch watching tv because im sick 
The guy next to us makes bowling look so easy and im struggling.. 
awwwwwww im sad right now  and well hope everything gets better soooon.... shit 
@msjoshlyn blood, im tellin u. it was great, i can't hardly slp at nite for some reason. 
@lulu_nadine im doing well. haha. . im still feeling blahh  and the pain meds make me crazy and hyper and i cant sleep cause of them hah
haha im sorry lauren  I love you too lol
im soooo bored..... nothing to do in carson  &lt;3 angie
; mia making me watch this scary ass movie , im scared 
i'm pretty sure im lactose intolerant or something  why do i get sick after i drink milkkk ahh
@tweetieelovee sorta, im tryin to learn the steps haha  how u doing?
@OhDangItsZhang i am cool, and im sorry 
i cant sleep or eat, im a zombie 
should be sleepingg cause im going to be busy tomarrow but i really cant sleep. soo bored   i really want to see transformers 2 again 
im at sami's house lol my toothy hurts 
@FreakinLu gaah.  hahaha im SO jealous right now
@xxbulletsxx feel really sick and horrible,thats why im awake so early 
watching im a celeb.  i missed half of the episodes 
@HeatherLynnsss awww im sorry thats really sad! 
wah siong schd.. im looking fwd to my flt tonite, may fly via bkk cos sg flt looks full 
cant sleep im to fuckin hot ugh got the booo on my mind 
@jonah116  i just read this msg. no im not a mom. looking for sum1. but not succes. 
im sooo uncomfortable my back is killin me!!!!! 
why can't i sleep?! im sooo tired 
wishes this was the tweeth that says he is hitting the hay, but im not that fortunate 
hate to be a downer but im off for a while 
@philvira im sorry phillip  i didnt know about it until paloma said that we were going to in n' out... completely spontaneous :/
@krysiekins hey babe sorry im not gonna be going to jess' party im real sick im outta texts to  if i not at school tomorw can you ask....
@epl_41 im good....think i am gettin sick tho   throat feelin not quite right dammit lol   other than that, im cool...u??
@PaigeMoon  paige i dont like you doing that stuff i wanna make sure we stay together tho im going to bed txt me
im bawling   goodnight everyone, I have a load of praying to do I want to be as proactive as I can. you should too.
naww  leelee im feeling ur pain! but thats k 2night we shall drown our sorrows!! ;)
I think ill give him another chance.. But not right now like noow im confused.. 
@YayMe17 seriously amy i didnt get my man either  im not to happy
i realy dont get this, im confused   its not the same as bebo .
@beauvanstrattan sorry fella, im working late tonight. dont make me feel bad about it. 
omg soo tired from cross country  im gunna collapse soon ...
@fwksh428 im falling asleep cuz im so tired  lets switch
@CarterRonson ,, terrible .. im hungry az fk &amp; aliem is eating peach cobler all night.. 
are there any games on this thingy mabbobber? im still trying to figure out how to fully use this site lol 
boom boom pow. im so bored! 
cant sleep!  im in so much pain! damn this sucks!
@kenny_kenai @tabbyred im going back today  egg have fun in nazi land with bloodhound gang. tabby.... cause havoc. im going to work!
Just realised i said say insted of saw im my previous tweets. 
@Silentbx damn im way faster on my celly  im sad whats everybody been doin practicin
@djschoolboy nada babe, im just home, not really in a great mood. 
@kez_babesx  same and im in maths,, lol but dredin science coz i no weve got a detention be4 we all get in there  howell
@skandarkeynes phew,im so jealous with my friends actually,who got the response from u.im really not lucky maybe 
@Olufunmike i think we on d same league...im feeling ur pain! 
mandy moore got married? when? and why mandy why? im goin in2 depression 
@sapphire_city oh ok well i need to see my counsler to see why im having so many nightmares 
@kyuhyunnie nothing. im bored here 
omg i rote jsl instead of Jls im sooooooo ashamed sry JLS  x
@nevillez it was alright. i was a zombie cause i stayed up till 5am. and im studying now. life sucks for me, and will until dec! 
@TheCrystalLady hosting runs out on the 2nd july, no idea how im going to afford that 
im really tired... no sleep last nite 
im hungry, im thirsty, i feel sick... 
@dylan_efron im sick!  other than that pretty good.
ugh i dont want chrisy to go i mean shes not yet but shes geting there 
@sapphire_city i cant go to the bathroom because there is no light in the hallway and im scared of the dark and im sad to announce that 
im having so many problems with my mobile me its unreal 
cant decide what to do this w.e:@ iwant to stay home, sort of but im not allowed to 
@ChristineCx aw no  that's horrible! im so sorry!
damn the desert im covered in bug bites!!! from nats little tiny nats thats screwed up you cant see them ant there bites are powerfull 
@joleneeeee im at the part you walking up the bridgeee hahahaha!! wo ye xiang ni men 
@Godzillarr :O what happened to our plan. bitch  im so cut.
@mZfAn yeah, im so bored .. 
just woke upp  need more sleep + sausage sarnyy! hope ive been paid or im screwed  x
aww poor aaron been took back to hospital and im at work. I want to be with my little boy 
im home finally; still some things undone for tmr  #fb
@blondie101247 i know, i was soooo happy when they called your name!!! im sooo sorry for calculating it wrong 
ugh i cant move im that sore.. Why do i have to be sick.. 
im so hungry and its making me even more nervous 
im still in a bit of shock from last nite why isnt sree up  #bb10
I think my girlfriends cheating on me and i need a job im so depressed 
suck you ryan. i hate you for playing ro again. youre making me jealous! 
cant meet @marsahaalia anymore cause she's going to singapore on saturday and im leaving 2mrw 
cant meet @marshaalia anymore cause she's going to singapore on saturday and im leaving 2mrw 
@kaitlynedwards aw that sucks  yeah i dunno aye, pretty sure it would be, yeah im going. were they good when you went?
i lost my pot  i had to ditch it in the woods cause i almost got caught. im gunna go back and look for it soon.
Oh god. im sorry for those of you. some of the tour were cancelled 
@MissBella01 awwww yipppy lol.. im super scared to go thru this birth thing 
In hot hot french soo hot ahh im annoyed im hot allowed to go swimming hmmm my tooth hurts 
not feelling good, at work.  playn in the rain is a good song.just not a good idea in new england cuz im sick as a dog. 
dinner with julia. im gna miss my babe 
vince! please get better! im getting worried! 
oh my dayss! im so tired  I feel like crap! &amp; this woman on ebay is being a cow.
@xslverwingsx oh... im sorry claire..  .. but on the other side.. u should've taken a picture of that..
@jjennuh really? thats kinda close to me haha. why arent you sitting with your friend? &amp;no- im from cincinnati but they arent coming here 
@katyperry http://twitpic.com/8a59q -     buhhh im glad your better now! (:
@fuzzymonkey13  im sorry!
getting ready to go back to ohio. im kinda excited but im dreding taking the kids back. 
welllllll not sure what im doing today prolly hanging with the fam  ..still no txting..fml!
@bowwow614 im mad we missed each other at the airport!! 
the michigan gate. im all alone. theres no one beside me.... 
staying home because im sick  but i get to watch hannah montana! woohoo im like a five year old lol
@maronelgiselle lmaooo im tryinggg buttt the sunnn wont comee outt for meee!  im gunna be pale in the summmer!
im hungry! and my dress is giving me a wedgie 
uhhh stereo skylines coming to chicago tonight, im not going, and im extremely sad about it. 
@Friscokidd87 come back  im sad. yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah im gettin money!!!!!!!!
im bout 2 qo flat iron miie hair shoot i shoulda wrapped it last nite! grrrrrr 
@kacymariemae aww im sorry  i think carly's dog did that before but im not completely sure...let me know how it goes ok?
missing my boyfriend! hes in florida im in texas  but he'll be back tomorrow!!! we are inseperable!! unless we are travling
@BrandyWandLover not in the mood for stir fry  haha, im in such a picky mood.. im annoying myself! xx
im sooooo tired  ., grrrrrrrrr., languages evening grrrrrrr., coz i really wanna make a foooooool outa myself in french :|
not good, jonas brothers movie coming out tuesday, and im broke 
@davidkotcher  isorrie.id get chu but im going to applebee's to visit my sexy waiter
is with my boyfriend but am soo soo tired 
&amp; im up again. i hate bad dreams 
@MyLoveIsAmazing u should come say hi to me at work! im here by myself 
no fair everyones goin out t'nite and im stuck babysitting 
@piercethevic im glad everythings going good for you guys 
cheeck thiss hand cuz im marvelous ;) boy.. idk hoow im gona make it threw this weeeek 
im going to danniis party nd im gona dress up as a giant duck  yaay!!
hit up my myspace - im goin to sleep tho so peace. www.myspace.com/dxckinyamouth 
@hwaiting oh it's a random game lol im addicted with that, don't be afraid, join and be my pupil 
@korionmorris oh no problem  im good, awake, should be sleeping. haha. how about you?
im watching stomp the yard  mann i love that movie :]
@rachhiiee_ im sorry im not a neetball deeeeb.   nah jennys mine  she talks to me on facebook.
@jazz_nash ahaha im sure it is. lol 
turkish style = ek sure  re: http://ff.im/1XWae
im off to work, I will returns the hellos when I get home  
@LouisGagliardi hahaha... shiiit, dont i feel like a douche bag =/ hehe! thx for the tips anyway  much appreciated!im glad to be different
@mcflykaiserflik sam and dean  i'm in the modd for watching it now...
can't kick a soccerball for shit, but im good at getting in the way 
@chantelYO ohh sarcasm. im proud.  for a min there i was worried. and no its not bad. she likes rupert not an australian guy.
im happy because im going out 2 c my lil cuzons    is it right 2 feel like tht ?
while im fuckin at it, http://is.gd/q86o buy a shirt please 
@tonirebekah hahah im great toniiiii 
omg stephen fry is back in england. im in the same counrty as stephen fry. this is making me a little too excited for it to be healthy. 
omg im literally falling asleep, why does work have to be so early???? morning twitters 
@_joy thats wut im hoping 
im out walking  and its cold and dark and i heard something behind me :S ahhhhhhh
@xxandip uh oh i take it someone cant spell your name? im a katie and hate it when people put katy   x
@yoshihirohatano im having dinner now hon, talk 2u later ok 
getting to roll out on his 255/70/16's yeaah im a white rapper 
..which i absolutely hate (who doesnt?), because im not used to getting rejected. hahaha 
feel like txtn. ughh. 412 848 **** im girlfriend number twooooo!!! 
ahahahahah i love jay im his hoe where having tew babies 
@asot400 im in heaven 
im uber excited for prom!! 
@trevorbboy  dude I was being weird and im sry idk why but u make me stutter and feel good inside
im back!!!  u ppl probbaly didnt miss me but oh well
cool. im seeing them on the 25th which is next saturday! cant wait!  how old are u? sorry im asking but i ask everyone that lol x
@MissLeopardStar im more of a taylorham n cheese kinda girl!! 
@ladysov hehe youre so human 
@tb78 hmmm im sure it tells u on there 
@smiles1997 i'd love to, but i cant, cause im on twitter with my iphone  &lt;3
im searching new buckles for my belts , does anybody has a good site for this ? pls 
@joeypage okay, im following you now, and imma add you on myspace too 
@TessMorris yeah I do..  Theyre just so loud they seem like a majority 
@kingsgrrrl7 - lol YEY!  And you could always turn on tnt -  im being a nerd and am watching the lotr marathon!!!  
@JonathanRhys If I made a remake,cast list would have lads name on in  http://tr.im/j8vk
anyway im sure im slightly scarin you now for writin a full blown message to you so i'll go now  bye x
We think our community should be friends with your's. I've setup this place for us to play together  - http://tr.im/j8vO
if you seek amy shes with me 
im hungry. bring me something to eat! 
me being @ wrk will be pointless its ok bcuz im really happy right now.  &lt;333
@macbuddydev yeah i know. I was fixing what u said.  im testing 2 ;)
@hydrohonay im great. i cant wait til tomorroe ethier. im going back to l.a. thursday til monday im ready for it 
Oh god im laughing so hard 
kinda likes this twitter notion, even though im only creeping on matt 
@xkayteebear okay. i dunno her xD haha. im listening to always be my baby by david cook. gosh im adicted to it! 
@diacriticalmarx hahaha, im glad someone agrees with me 
@DonnieWahlberg hey im mackenzie im 12 and my aunt loves your music ( so do i ) hope you have a great day 
Hey tom, I hope your tour goes well, i wish i could go but i live in australia, im sure ill see it on youtube  
im finally home from the fair  watching csi miami &amp; talking to mike.  i cant sleep:O
i never lie ecpecially to myself because then i dont believ in my self and thats just wrong so im right 
@AilishLucy haha im glad you liked it  im outta hospital now  xx
bedtimmme,  im excited to hopp into that thing
lol ok , im done &quot;drunk tweeting&quot; now , goodnight  ughh im SO calling into wrk tomorrow.
hi wats up people im so bored i feel like screaming outside lol or cleaning windows lol im halarious is that how u spell it lol well ttyl 
@tccrt3r i saw you on the vfc chat. ur a cutee. im like a year older than you. 
@koist  hi kristen im online on my windows live messenger and yes you added me right 
@venlatina Amen!! The best friend anyone could ever have  http://ff.im/2dmFX
haha -yeah, right, baka me  re: http://ff.im/2doPM
@paulhagon im not looking at your pics on flickr cos im waiting so u can talk me through them and tell me stories 
@btchgdss that's really common. im sure boral-hamilton is rarer 
haa, im so jealous, good luck  no im not, im at school, my friend has tickets though. i really wanted to go! hah x
@samm_xo haa, im so jealous, good luck  no im not, im at school, my friend has tickets though. i really wanted to go! hah x
Morning everyone hope ur all having a gr8 weekend  im gettin old been out 2 nites in a row and im wreaked need 2 go back 2 bed lol
@charlottejvale i ? you twilight boy... im sad?  xxxxx
im bored and cassie;s net is crap and  i want the pictures she took of me being a cat 
@hollieleanne im just like mary poppins. practically perfect in every way  my mum only ever speaks the truth. and shes says im perfect
@TigerMystic im doing fine. thnx.  im a big fan of yoda wisdom
I feel like shit but im watchin mulan 
haha there are 4 seasons of dexter. i have 3 anddd im gunna get the 4th 
decided  give myself 6 mth c wat happs  then .................
awake, and not really liking it . but since im up, looks like now i'll eat breakfast and read fml . funny things on there . 
@ im sure it does  heres another; how fast czn you @reply on a blackberry? mine is slow lol!
im sooo stoked about my jonas brothers tickets!  im tired.. but im up at 8. weird. i loved shopping yesterday! im so happy right now!
My wallet is not the topic here folks...the point is that im in love, be happy for me 
@ZackHexum yh me again. crystal said to say: im the one from england you signed the cd for....    happy times!! love your music
@tinchystryder i love number 1. it is amazing! im also getting one of ur tshirts and sweatshirts  i cant wait till it gets delivered!!
@jaredwerewolf shes jealous that you scooped me  lol. im sorry but i was cold...and the scoop felt good!!!
@ggw_bach im good too i like gettin hyper ahhhhhhhh 
@CHEESElovesHIM lmfao oh yess u caught meh   im INSANELY jealous of ur rhyming skills ; ) lol
omg! bouncy thingy!  im at a little kid's birthday party. ;)
@derekfisher oh and goodluck today fish! im sooo pumped! 
@ARoadRetraveled You're famous! http://tr.im/jb8r Though an unfortunate choice of tweets perhaps.  
im getting a pygmy goat in the near future  YAY!
lmao im singing to the 56 country songs on my ipod lmao txting and eatting now and laters 
@quesazilla im glad that myspace is back ! 
i have been texting my friend vicki for about 2 hours now  haha i love vicki shes my best friend im soo tired now..its getting late
sitting in dans room...finished watching the bill and coronation street...huz up dan im hungry! 
im off to find sleep. hope its not hiding 
@RICODAMIER thnx  im excited!! working for the county of bernardino  sooo we're drinking soon!! lol.. and ya some ppl are just lames!!
@perezhilton im about to go grab a book for the next flight... whats the one you recommended? 
Its so hot!well im off to sleep..goodnight 
@rachmurrayX YESYESYES. mums hair dyer woke me up haa but im readind mfy again im on chapter 2 
Its 4 am, i should really be in bed but im watching rascal flatts videos &lt;3 im in the bob that head vid. 
im sitting on my butt 
@shaundiviney yayayayayay!! wooo, so excitedd  im sure you look amazingly hott 
im actually talking to somebody really cool on omegle! 17 yr old guy from hawaii who has kickass music taste! 
you guys are weird   im the only cool one here
@ladygaga yaay im a uk fan  when r u on the paul o grady show???? time??? xo
im currently thinking about my friend in cali.  waah. so excited about sumthing!!
double double - im in trouble!!    that was the first hangover ive had in forever, stlil draggin...
woah im back. full of lasagna at the moment 
i go to spain. im so happy 
@IamPLEX u kno how he is, he dont stop until its finished, hes a very hardworker..but im sure he'll keep u posted 
@KimKardashian  and im in love with you 
@ohappleda how romantic  im going to see as much of the comedy festival as i can next yer
okay im really bored so im listening to my ipod...... Promises - kylie minouge  love her
@irenex33 me too!!!!!!! im like doing everthing my mum says! ;) hahaha, mcfly time im on a high 
woa! just got twilight on dvd  yeah that's rite! im a twerd!!
@mfifo im soooo gg to cut my hair tonight! 
@OfficialAmandaM some hip hop too, a lot of lyrical &amp; im a ballerina 
im not tired. just plain lazy. ngeee~ 
@dotmariusz well the wife prefers Chinese, I would rather have Indian ... lol But im not as fussy 
im gonna check if his got twitter fingers crossed 
@fafinettex3 culd you please tell me when there are good deals in mac. THANKS have funon 16th  sorry if im bothering you/annoying you 
@bouncer19 yeah, im staying at grans house 
thinking ofmy gorgeous babey! im so in love with matty 
@aus10 No taylor-related stuff?   (aus10 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2Oyf)
red wings win!!! i picked up my tux and im so excited for tomorrow  but for now im tired and im goin to bed
guess who got me a water gun!! im so touched. 
@smileyh10 i love miley cyrus  shes my role model, even though im older.
@maryedgeworth haha yeah im trying to get boaz and some others to get one with us. 
i'm off, im tired. im a wimp. love to hate me, hate to love me. 
im awayy doing sutff you know.......stuff     my best friend  jason is awesome 
im boored so so boored..... :*( miss u guyz 
@thecubanjulez_ im so pumped, i got my aunt to tape it for me 
TOMRROW consists of pratice shopping  hanging with my bf shawna and painting whew at least thats calming and im  gonna compromise i guess
nite im tired as hell, gotta finish up the blogtv show 
@brittanyvfcchic yeah hopefully you find it  And yeahhh im soo stoked about tomorrow
@katiesopinion @alexgrim @confidential247 i know! its just terrible! im stayin strong though thank u 
hmm.. im gettin sheepy...let me get my warm milk [if this is nasty im suing my doctor!] 
@pevitacpearce im doin effin fine  you? err...nice to meet you too doll.
im kinda pissed off atm. tonight was kinda ?? thanks majors dude. red flags galore. but the dude im currently obsessing about is &lt;3333333 
im talking to my cousin kali!  and trying to talk on here... is anyone on?? oh and im searching ppl from school.!!
@tammix im sorry dude  we need to focus on our events first, we'll be back! promised!
@smilinggal if im kanjoos than u r a big time PETU ... i must say  nw ball is in ur court
@JessicaSimpson you're awesome i heart your music im like ur numrt one gay fan! 
@rome2dao of course. Just call or im support  were not here to rip u off man 
@grapefruit7 broookkeeeeee! haha, yeah im successfully procrastinating at schoolwork right now 
think im going to go exfoliate 
I love my bedroom  im going to miss it when i go back to the chi...
ok im not too sure on how this thingy works! any help will be welcomed!!!!! 
@JBareamazingg ive got to learn 7 full pages of french of by heart :S im a good avoider 
@MobayPrinCess im 24  that too young?? lol....and i cant feel my dick?? @kiannabanks its prolly from using extended pleasure condoms....
went to bed very late, was watch hannah montana movie  im so sodding hungry
lalalaa im excited for tuesday thats gonne be fuuunnn  i 'M bored what should i doo please tell me ???????????!!!!!!!?????!!!??
@shaundiviney HAHHAHAH  lols. lucky im not infecced ive got bradieitis.
been on the phoneee fer agesss,,, ily boy  hes ranting about butterflies hahahaa
@miiaass umm... im guessing in the tent outside? nowait.. thatts mine  umm... in your moms room maybe? : D
heat won!!! woohoo, im so happy 
Getting up right now. &amp; getting ready for kickboxing! im not that tired really so ima go put in some work lmao! but yeah hit me up later 
im angry 
@Broooooke_ ahaha i love whipped cream. expecially when you get it out of the can  ok im going to fridge now !
@TomWilliams_aXD heey, sorry for the late reply lol. im great   i cant waait for the tour to come back on tommy (:
it me twittr world im online now baby!!! twittr fixd da problem 
@katiekatiek im sure it will it looks like it will  have fun!
@edwestsidestory omgg  im higly addicted to gossip girl..tehe ur awesome 
@xloveablefreak theres no clouds here!  kayy, maybe a couple &amp;im looovin it ;P &lt;3
and i never notice it cuz its not true  you are stupid ^-^ aaaaaand i feel horrible im drunk cuz i drink to much advil :'(
omg is just went mingle again im so happy 
watching come dine with me while curled on the sofa  im happy
gotta go cuz the weird people are backk.. and im meant to be cleaning tashas hamster out. 
getting glasses and contacts today  or D: idk.im a little excited.
@septembrenegade u just might be our number one fan homie, im happy that u diggin em 
@sophiebaron hey whats going on.  im going to go see 17 again   i hope its good!
@joesephjonas i wish i was but i have the show recording because im going to be at church until 8 yeah!!!!! 
@coconicole5 wait.... she... were... her...  shes adopted 
@jessmelg77 if you want to go to sleep take me off the phone cuz im going to be twittering   love you! 
@josumner hope u got packed, im gunna attempt to watch the gig online 
I got a lip ring with P, B, and other B, bc im a badass  haha
text me 562 453 9676 plz  oh yeah im wit kristy hahaha
@thatswhack74 im doing good, but im bored. you should rest. xD do u know abt pacman &amp; hatton's fight? 
@MeowReow mmm... i wonder what the suprize is tonight. im staying up for it 
im stressin for no reason 
@dholliga the sequel im sure it will be better than the first one 
@TheRealYungBerg lolz we love ya 2...and im ready 4 it 
@heath900 dont be sad!!! happy heath!!! hey, ur new pic makes you look like esme a bit (im just sayin)  -- loov ju!
@imanou ooo cooollll....well I just watched harry potter 3 so I think we both no whose having the more exciting nite  lol hve fun...im ...
im still eating some chocolate from easter  homework/studying for half yearlys is waaay too boring. i prefer the interent xD
cooler stuff on the way hopefully you like it  http://ff.im/2xwG4
sonny made me sick. HAHA aww im cool. no school tomorow yay for emma sending me sick waves *dances around emma* im not high in medication 
im sooo tired  goodnight twitterverse 
@saraleflg haha yess. im very excited about it. did u only hang out with ur approved list of friends? 
im quite blissfully happy, I have a great close friend and the sweetest guy and im somewhat happy 
Leftover chinese is soo good when youre drunk. 
yay im finally going to be able to drive soon coz im goin for my licence tommorrow 
i feel much better now then before  im kinda hungry
just so you guys know, im not a miley hater anymore..ai, a little..but not really. 
@mikiyyyyyy haha im good 
ok im forgetting the flims for a bit im gonna turn on the radio 
@jsuplido im currently listing down my 43things! 
@KarleighRae  lol @ wanting to stalk famous people! its ok look who im following 
im watching twilight with the commentary  huzzah
@jgs2390 stop making out so much...hahah..im just playing..hope the babys good 
im lovin' privileged. gosh i can't concentrate on my drawings. 
@danielradcliffe -totally intrigued to know if that is you! and your wee dogs are pretty cool  have to say im quite excited about this! x
I went shopping with my mum  cause im cool. innit.
@KidLPN lol, ahh its the step fam, but im over it, wont let them bother me no more.  i know,it will break my heart, but its what he really
no but several crappy ones that are fun to watch and make fun of though  re: http://ff.im/2xVC9
@nicoleposner im going on monday okay 
@angiechampion awk im just going for a wee, dont worry bout me  
im going to see the hannah montanna movie tonight  hmm, i love miley(L)
just adding pics to this twitter.. whatsup yall  im happy about my life im just so blessed to be happy. its amazing now lets get it..
@emmaftw im think detroit and chicago. 
@lemonstarbursts yes cause im a man utd fan. 
Yes i did get tweet deck lol im getting the hang of it 
woo! what a walk with babe and doggie  haha too bad im beat out.. thats pretty bad
@CIROCstar hahah hmm ok im down 
Theyre dedicated to us really?! 
ok its way late...im away to beddy-byes  sweet dreams twitter...can u tell im tired?!...im talking to a flipping machine  xxx
@cmilove im sooo excited, cannot wait 
jus got home. tired tho and im watchin the new episode of hannah montana!  wassup yall? what yall up to?
http://twitpic.com/4im9z - Who's your daddy 
@heatherthorne thank you for your encouraging comment, it feels that much better to know im not alone.  and we dont live too far! 
Yes babe it was but im the shower can i please finish washing my ass lol 
im talking about the good times and drinking down the bad 
@doubm hahah youre welcome 
@Mikelangren yeah normally i do when im out with my older cousins but my parents are just stricted! But im a junior! CLASS OF 10! 
at my mother in laws because im locked out of the house...not to bad tho, she was kind to make me a sandwich 
@tjwislon im good  my vaccine worked like a charm
I cannot tell u because then it will become too real and i will have 2 stop lying 2 myself.Not to be mistaken as sadness im very content 
gosh! im so interested  http://tinyurl.com/c3uob7 with this campusssss!!!!!!! :pray:
im chillin like a fresh ripe orange 
think i might do a little self-pampering and then homework  oh and im drinking brocoli water, its good for you!
ciarenn ! just got home.. so happy  im kinda naked .. 
@babyFACEgucci Lol yeah im helluh hungry you hook mii up 
@calamur  luking fw to some xpert articles from ur end ma'm 
@db0y8199 lol thats the kind im eating!! 
thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans 
i won because im awesome 
thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans .
@irisush im glad  i dont have to go out... 
im really really excited  try this out guys!
@torilovesbradie no probs(: and yeah im still sick. no school today  lol. feel really crap but thats because im dancing lol . thanks 
@xabierr im sure jont wont mind sharing 
@Aligonzalez43 its ok. im juz curious 
uft im tutoring the lil sis  shes so cute, even though shes an eighth grader :p
@SheridanPaige loool sheridan ive got swine flu but im still coming into skl tomorrow same way  hehe
@quanvu im good thanks, may need you're advice soon as im playing with a new font of my own 
@lyssiecc hahah im way too lazy to check my phone  ooo michells! are you wtaching the recruits?
@EllaPaigeBabe hey im back  i replyed xxx
Just woke up :o mums singing to her new gn'r cd replacement i bought because im a good daughter 
im just up :-| and its 12:43 :O  im so lazy thank god its a bank holiday 
@mizzannabel im not a supermodel, i still eat mcdonalds baby thats just me!  xxx
god assignments are stressful ! but its finished now lol and im off to bedd 
@dages58 lol after this weekend yea ur right  text me cause im goin to 3rd and they dont have computers there  bye bye
@OnThePontyEnd heh coincidence im a barnsley fan too  how'd you track me down :o
@faeyakof hahaha im broke, i need money  sighh.
hey peoples, dont you just hate being grounded haha, im just sat eating an apple and watching death note (some anime) 
@ParkerAngel this is very true about @patofnavar! but you do have to admit it was pret-ty funny! im bout to go you tube it!  lol
blahh i'm tired and i gotta go to the airport to pick my mom up! &amp;&amp; im bored but on the upside im listening to the backstreet boys 
@biankuh no, im a people pleaser 
chinese food = love. yess im happy 
lifes been sweet ever since thursday    im totally livin the life right now
@aimeelynne you are right. haha. shes not that bad. 
@MrsBlue23 its been reli gdd ty its 4.50am lol and im not sleeping :O but im watching tv alls good lol how was yours? 
@SohFahrKreyZee oooh im sorry to late i smashed it 
cant find my shoes. :/ hope its as bad as itll get 2nite.  im happy.
@neeliemoo thats why im such an asshole 
@iamoph i just want you to know, im still here for you. whover,whatever makes you happy, thats all i want for my sister 
@Ms_GiiGgl3z lmao ight im dun wit the faces lmao id rather see urs tho  lol
@KristinaxB your right. im so jealous i wish i had gangsterrrr pants like your grandma 
@l3ree im glad you got on twitter. I love you baby 
no clue wtf im doing 
my gawwddd ! 6 headshotss inna row? im on fyaaahhh! 
shes so cute when shes sleepy 
@jojowright thank you, god bless im going to eaat my in in out 
@ddlovato demi if you can i think itd be amazing if you covered thats what you get by paramore haha im sure you know it 
@kelsistoudt kels i think i figured this out.. and yer my only real friend on here so im pretty much just stalking you 
im such a sucker for great cottys 
@gfalcone601  im sooo excited!!
http://tr.im/kXCL 'Immigrant hid passport in pants' What a genius. 
@aussiemcflyfan shes not dead yet 
@paigeebaby hahaha yess im not allowed to twitt his name but yess into his pants indeed 
@jdmcquinn yea im sure i will  time will tell xx
im comeing home... i dont no the word nut what ever... hey go on youtube and she LucyMaddiSavannahTV and you will be like this is cool 
@thomasbooker hahah im listeing to that on repeat. not the german version obv...the real one 
@TheRealMrRiley oh thats good  im glad ur okay, no problem dude  xxxxx
no school for a weeeeeeeeeeek. instead il chillz at k-mart. baha im cool 
@tommcfly Lol  x maybe take 2 extra pairs.. ya never know  x lol x hope the show is awesome..im just gutted you couldnt come 2 liverpool
im walking! on jfk blvd. downtown philadelphia. my hometown! im passing my old preschool! its kinda cold. 
@AndreaKoeln awww, that's so sweet!  im glad you enjoyed yourself!!  and you have one more concert left right?
@mileycyrus hihi this is random, but im listening to your old ( ? ) song one in a million xD i &lt;3 it!  its really cuute 
@ILLY5G yeah im suprised you're up early  i got up at 9:30. i was suprised. &amp; im not tired. but yes, get on ur job! ima head out later
@TPzLunatic lol fukk a daddy's girl ..  im soo into muh muther 
@poynterlubz aha im moving you up in my friends on crappy bebo 
hi emily, its st.ives apricot scrub. im almost done, buy more of me!  k thanksss
@Dija89 hahaha yes i did lol but i dont know how to use it yet  im so lost  and no idea wat im doin 
what you drinking richiee im pounding sum fuzzy navels with everclear 
@jess_squirrel ooh im reading waverly by scott p 159 
im playing a new website  .
hey! here's my new new new twitter! im on here to ge the scoop on celebs! so... yeah. if ud like to chat just let me know 
@lexxxthesex  like an hour. if im sleepin. rofl. and have you met her?
im so twitterific... NAht... im a dork  but you gotta love me... check out the site... ill be updating it soon... www.BUYRDC.com buy stuff
@N8forlife cause im  the shit and ur not 
Ahhh all righty im fine 
iam laughing sooo hard right now. 
@HalfbreedHAVOK but im not really a junkie or anything 
@Aijuswanadance ahhhhh im graduating too, c u on the 21st mamma  yes we goin hard that weekend!!!!
its hott so im sleepin' in my bra. really tired so good night everyone 
im off ..... catch ya later  muazzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i be on my on shit like im on the toilet and i be lik yuupp  lol
@rocksosteady Ah hear dat playa im on the same tip 
@rica0lucio humm ok thanks....dont worry im not gunna un-fallow U 
just got my wrist band. im fuked. im goin back to sleep  .... wisdom teeth arent nice lol
@dangercharlie hey dude, what 5.1 speaker model did u get? im really interested to buy those and that reciever 
@MsArabMoney happy birthday  kol 3am winty eb alif khayr hehe
im so happy today, coz david archuleta is finally here  and he's so cute and so friendly! hope to meet him (dreaming)
@andyweathers no not at all  my twitters get random though cause im a geek!
lalala im watching an extremely old blink-182 dvd haha its quite lol 
@gerbyman ahhh ic... im jus feeling a bit lazy tonight... 
doin assiments that were due on monday  im in soooooooooooo much trouble of corse i always am 
@djtechnasty yea im not signed but i've worked with the best.. #retiredDJ now. but ppl kno me as this name plus its a lifestyle right? 
i had similar feelings...but its enjoyable thats why i dont have anything to complain this time  re: http://ff.im/2Rpy3
im so glad to get rid of my no good &amp; gain my que 
@#whyitweet because im cool 
@Kimmmmmmy i was joking...im listenin to him right now...found my new wedding song 
@nsarryeh your rockinggg twitter..im sooo proud of u 
@DazzleMeThis go to www.mtv.com.au watch the preview  im in that aswell 
@dugone mmmmmm thats pretty much the route im going i reckons 
@alexisstar22 yeaaa go and sing to ohhhh ohhh w.e youu saayin lmao - and im weird to but ii dont care  x
@mrssweetness2u good luck wit ur exam im sure u will do great 
im really hoping and wishing...hmmm...scared..okay lets just leave it to fate... ill let him write it for meh..he knows best 
@xohanna i know he just looks jewish musshhh  aha... im well excited for tomorrow :/ within like 100m of cheryl cole :'(
Yes its raining  kbyee im in the bus
im not doing anything.... 
umm im thinkn dammmn ur fine  x
@sufianakram haha, me too  but my excuse is that im sick, whats yours? ;P
im sorry zane. atleast you made some money  ... why kind of miller?
@leimademedothis im up! im up! i tried to stay up. i swear  twitter acct went crazy. ok now but want fun dealing w.it
im hungryyyyyyyy... what to eat? pot n00dle? yeah? k 
@mario1123 just fine  my fave coworkers havent gotten in yet so im a lil loney
@MalikiAziz jealous? :p pasal im too lazy to go on msn and shes not in skype so yeah 
@Cdot2 thanks buddy!  haha... u kno im okay!
#whyITweet cuz its fun! im an adict! and i got just 48 followers! follow me! 
im almost at 1500! wooh. clearly, i have no life 
ahharrr  im bored. why did i even bother with twitter? lmao.
@JoshDallasFan90 oh cool im about to go check it out now 
goodmorning ya'll. so im looking on the brightside, im not fired, im on vacation!  its great!
hi im eve, im new but i have a lot of interesting ideas 
goodbye twitt world... im out and about.. drop me sumtin thoe 
@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - thats really cute and im loving stephanies head band 
@Lytesdatruth  lmao my uncle's the one who said it  did  but it is a good movie im watchin it now 
@THETRANSFER - lol im the same way with ppl around me cuz everyone has the flu (not the swine) lest i hope not 
@kea8896 great minds think a like! haha im looking at old photos of us we're soo cute 
@asian_panda your moving to cali !? niceeee, im in cali  lets meet up ! haha
@candice5355, lol, im going to go sleep and when i wake up im going to crazy twitter specer pratt into getting me a reply from miley 
@shownalejallah im not hurting anyone   why would I?
eating a cheeseburger an im goin towitter if she dunt giv me sum 
Thinking theres gonna be some drama but im not complaining alot of cute boys out here 
@Gogumba only wen im thinkin of u :] &lt;3 that was a really good line 
i miss my mom! shes in va?! i didnt even know this til i got home...watching hes just not that into you 
@mmitchelldaviss we've all been waiting for you for HOURS. and youre sweeeping. lamer  im off to bed then too! no hope now. ugh.
@amytee im glad.  blink showed up to weenie roast.
@ShaniceCouture im bout to get signed...so ima come swoop ya n go to tha bahamas or sum! 
@lovebscott hunny aint that the truth! im glad you posted that cuz i needed it 
@ymplanner im sure ur wonderful but i dont just give out my number. im sure u understand 
im really2 sleepy now. coughing non stop. Going swimming later 
im new here omg still dont understand 
foldn some laundry  what a sat. nite lol its allll good as long as im w essssssex 
lol the photo with me and andy is sooo retarded i look like im about to piss myself bahaha  i probs was
@cassidycullenx im great thanx!!! wats it like in the us at the moment? 
im still awake and its very very late 
uber tired. should probably sleep now  ihave no idea why im still awake. &gt;.&lt;
guess who im lisetenign to 
@tawnysmith yes i watched tho's and i have to say im loving it (kevin mostly) proud of me? 
@mitchelmusso hii just to let you know that the new music video &quot;hey im screaming at you&quot; was amazing great job 
im on twitter. what do you mean what am i doing... ?? nah jokes. 
@LukeQuine ano im dyeing to go to uni it looks so cool. like partying 24/7 
goood morning ppl. looool. im glad i had a lie in 
@cocoward i love you courtney its okay  im here for youu 
@rdelizo35 im sure they will 
im so hungry toodles! @kerri_louise if i get my brain together i'll write you more later  xx
@jenessa86 -i'm the king of the world on a boat like leo, but if youre on the shore than youre shore not me oh. 
@JamFactory good idea.. slim chance im going to get 4 different droplets and not a refresher  but im looking forward to it 
im up and im fully awake! and it's 1:40pm...jeez I'm actually really lazy. not my fault tho, didnt get in til 5 
ummm yea im eatting corn on the cob lol. aura comes over at 1 desma idk when....yum 
@EsmeACullen that man @CCullenMD always seem to be in trouble when youre around im sure he loves it though  ha
says psh. i'm blessed.home from st. joseph.  http://plurk.com/p/ucpii
@jenny_lovee i think i know what u are talking about! ohh im making ur pie for tomorrow 
@MCRsavedMilife lol i was so tired and i couldnt type right but yea im 16 but i gtg now email me sometime! BALLINforLIFE666@aim.com 
@dom1985 - im so so, kinda still upset but....im sure i'll get on  - u good? x
@DavidArchie glad u enjoyed the crowd last saturday! im not sure if ur gettin my messages, newbie here... lol  
im gonna go to bed already  see everyone in dreamland! 
@Jasminehoban whatss importantt , im out ill talk wen i get homee 
@i_am_a_shark you will  do you know im just sitting here doing pretty much nothing! :L im so failing everything! its a long break for me!
@THOUGHT_PROCESS yup im up lol didnt feel like it but im up gotta leave in about a hr 
according to my brother im on something bahah. but im not ...cant a girl be happpyyyy ?  pce out
:sorry............ am I really???? nah im bugging I really am 
im updating my twitter  new jonas tonight! hip hip hooray!
@jason_2008 Wow that looks cool..what is it?  Once i am finished reading the book im defo goin to see it! 
At a dance recital. I think its going to be a little lame, but at least im with @WhitleyL! 
jus saw the trailer to where the wild things are and i have to say, i feel like im 8 again 
@ashleighdodgson excuse me! i am not mean, im just not entirely nice 
hi my name is alyssa and im so gay because i laugh like an 80 years old woman whos been smoking all her life. /WEEZ WEEZ WEEZ  lelelelele
@ohhLauraa aww, you're welcome! yeah, im usually a very impulsive buyer. so i didn't surprise myself there. ;] seriously? thankyouu! 
@im_julia ooh did you hold back?? show me the booty! 
Eating skittles. thank god im not allergic. 
yes i finally told that son of a bitch how i feel  good lord im sick of him!
@RobynHumes thanks when bwt d yu think theyre gna b onn ? ah im happy  x
im loving watching this like.   (pinpoint live &gt; http://ustre.am/2wLS)
haha #simpleplan in the trending topics!  #simpleplan #simpleplan #simpleplan #simpleplan #simpleplan  - sorry im bored 
@Atiiqaa_x not sure  it's on til like 11 this show :| or more.... erm, probs like 8-9 i can;t sa? sorr? bab?girl. (L) im happ? too!
ok..im read to go....YEHYEH!!!!! bye dubai...wait for me love.... 
Sitting at tan lines wif lex workin. Anyways im hungery soo bring me food if yr out this way 
@comeagainjen heyyy! woah im a fan of urs. follow mw plz  and comment me back! &lt;3
@jwgoerlich im a victim of my own sidetrack.. i gotta take out the dog  brb
@bananaface awwwwh you're welcome.    im happy i could.
lmao dannny is a lozer, and im killing people in assassins creed 
@SamMata yup im sure she would! a cute cow haha 
@sammyburgess91 it doesnt let me send you a direct message somehow, im goooood! and you 
@benjotheman im good. how are you? 
@daydayluvya08 either cuz he acted like he was flirtin and everything all the time so i honestly dont know haha im sorry im bad at this 
G'morning, hope everyone is good  http://ff.im/-2ZhTr
haha okay im not crazy  dad: aye samantha what did you drop now me: no dad it was an earthquake.
@shanedawson im thankful for your videos 
@brybryy oh im not picky...   but ive moved into the reds for my favs.    
awhh =[ ;; anyway im bout to take my assprin to bed goodnight i love spec ! 
@yasexy ur welcome ma, and im sure u wont disappoint 
@DaliLama13 - haha im sure it is.. i am good - so so tired tho - work has been very very busy .... 
this punchout banner im workin on is turning out great so far 
@jenny_wade im glad you're happy 
@amandabynes hi amanda! im kaye. i just wanted to commpliment u on hair spray. i love the movie! 
@renee_66 im not sure but she will definitely be comming she wouldnt miss this haha i think she would cancell any plans to see this 
getting ready hella quick to grab a bite with the manbaby, just going to keep him company. im not really hungry 
@iamafreak i cant belive he just started to ignore you tho for no reason...im glad that you had fun and i wouldnt worry about it to much 
im not in the mood to approve comments in friendster. to many flooders. *dont like it LOL 
@toriconte im on youtube now just like you im one three times  oooh yeah
@rehmxo oui oui  and i saw you, and i said to bec 'hey thats rhem' and shes like 'coz i know who she is...?' where to do you train to?
cant half tell i aint slept and im easily excitable..... oooh ribena  its purple! eee
its cold and im watchin lion king 
@jackslovesAAR see you are evilgirl  im innocent ohh guess what i thought of you today!
@ddlovato and im glad you much to beautiful inside and out 
@natblingluvsfly that should be easy  im bout to go 2 bed and watch some shit on netflix you have a good night and good luck on ur final
im a wett asz bxtch duh wat yuh thought ! i love my twin jazz 
@KankzXD lol,thats what im actually going to do  i told mum im living with her til im like 40
@KankzXD lol,have fun with that  im going to sit in oxford st and busk for the gay community
hey hey  what it dooo ? im chillen here with matt from select start.... mmm yeahh im tired.
@wearpalettes shes hottt 
cluesseLess : lol the tartes haha hes makingthe speech now 
@ddlovato im glad that person said that 
@alydenisof im pulling a broody face right now... ive never been in an earthqwake, dont know if i should be sad about that 
@ImFringe im myspacin lol, just spammed a load of people about wednesday... now bout to watch jeremy kyle  when you finish today??
@rikkaxrikka im good too. just watching csi before i go to bed!  it's pretty late here :\
@geri1980 yeh im feeling alot better now thank goodness 
okayy ! im going to try to go to bedd ! get at meh on souljaboytellem.com http://souljaboytellem.com/profile/SharethaRae3  ! gewd nite ...
i just want to fly and leave it all behind. im kinda excited  what do u say we leave for california? :p
@DavidArchie    hi david im a big fan of yours ....from the philippines... oh my gosh!!  I really  love ur songs specially the  crush  ...
im no longer a twitter virgin! 
@bearbearred lol nah i just went for a run instead. haha  and yeah i got to speak to another lady. im seeing her tomnorrow. 
@tyler_mcphedran one thing im excited for when im 18, a tattoo 
@iamshur im good too. thanks.  this is my new twitter btw&lt;3
right, officially started packing, but now goin to town to see jekisa so its been put on hold...haha im useless when it comes to packing 
im tryna figure this thing out!! 
@amitcc ah yes and re adium, im installing it now 
@ronni_xo lol @ whoever made that secret! mollies my fav and im proud of it 
oh , im so back. ) busted PC. just got fixed.  weehoo!
@MrTomHill nope im doing foundation 
@supermANDREA  true, i hope my mum let me go anywhere i want when im 18 
@shaundiviney YAYAYAYAYAAYAYAY im happy for you 
shit man, work was a bitch. but now its all good coz im at home in my jim jams 
@blushingbuddha hohoho... im good. yea want to visit u guys... but duno wen, my documents jst got fixed... ^^ lol blackberry n indomie... 
@LoieBoy oh wow! honestly, im jealous. except i hear she's crap live. anywhoooooooo.. but yes, im into her 
on the fone 2 skyee  cause im cool
im sleepy already. my mind is not working properly.....but, im still happy 
going to have another shower coz im bored 
Goodmorning  lol im tired but i have coffee to try to save the ddddddday!
@babygirlparis hey paris howz it goin my name is mitch im from australia hope you and all the people from california are ok your the best 
@jillianjoyce im a laker fan too here..but yea i love it when games are good, bulls v celtics=best of all time! im down for six flags tho 
the cakes our out, they look ok and tast alright untill the end horrible after taste ha im a failure 
@Seanpaffair but yeah im awake 
#musicmonday im hearing birds chirp 
@paulocoelho erm.. korea? weird.. but im excited 
my ear is bleeding....hmm....im glad your enjoying your dsi jared 
mornin twitter  im off today . dont kno y im up so early but eff it . still mad at da celtics and i still hate da lakers incase you we ...
ok. im off 
mornin twitter  im off today . dont kno y im up so early but eff it . still mad at da celtics and i still hate da... http://bit.ly/OzErG
@fundir im swamped here too, just try to smile a little 
@amandagcortez yeah girl.. . .  amazing. . .  I love that!!!!   keep the music coming. . . im coming to get all the goods soon.    muah!
im bored....... hangin out with t.a.f. before school 
im doing nothin... 
@ram_sanmig @jhong_ @larisan19 like im so excited about the pics! cant wait for it to be uploaded. 
@emmmmaaax awww im a vegetarian too  ive been one for ageesss |-) i miss chicken nuggets
@DavidArchie i felt an earthquake when i was in 4th grade.. it wasnt that strong,it even felt kinda funny!lol. im glad ur safe! 
@louizah im so jealous!  catch a nap, whats the worst that could happen..;) or maybe you shouldnt take my advice. its 8.40 where i am!
@iamloz_JsPR too hot...too cold...make up your mind KIDDO!  i'm off to bed, im getting too annoyed watching this craig hutchinson bloke...
@leenkwan haha edz is too lame d i dunno wat to say. im so tempted to get another bunny! they're too cute! go check ur email babe 
@jordanknight tell ur brother his voyeur girl needs a tweet!!! im goin nuts here!! 
@mynewyorkcloset awww u rubbing in my face we lost lol im still pissed boston didnt win wtf was they thinking 
@iantalbot  ok #1 im a ney yorker NOT a jersey girl 
@chrisblake im sure they do LOL for every ticket issued they receive a bonus...wouldnt you be happy going to work 
@ellen_12 haha im so glad you caught on to that  miss you come visit me
im supposed to be saving for europe. so what am i doing tonight? oh right- buying a new blackberry. stupid impulse buys! 
@djreymo aka who was there that got you saying that??  lol   u know wat im ready for?...SAMBUCA MANANA 
@imba liya liya.. its is anyways pretty much readable.. don't need a test to certify that I am romantic  re: http://ff.im/38m3l
im sitting in a chair listenin to sum of my music ... and shaking ... idk why im shaking tho .... i had cofee 
@RnBKha m sitting in a chair listenin to sum of my music ... and shaking ... idk why im shaking tho .... i had cofee 
@lisamilktea im excited to do your hair and make up this weeekend, yay 
@janinaaa lols i couldnt go to cross country...but im glad lols  xxx
im very sleepy but completely awake. up &amp; getting ready to harrass @wearetheoceans til she hates me &amp; buyin her mom flowers for her bday 
@BrownSugaT well im a guy who cooks cleans does laundry and massages and im honest so that there def makes me stand out and im so urs now 
@xohanna awwh im sure you'll do fine love 
im doing nothing 
@sugarghc im better  finally!! but still weak ..hehe. but by monday i'll be fine ^^ im going to eat breakfasr now..c u in a bit 
finally home from our lil galavanting sesh. went to costco, walmart and the mall  im so proud of myself, i didnt buy clothes. lol
yup.tonight is the prom  im excited 
@GreenEyedJessie GOOOD! im loving germany. We all gotta come out here next summer.. one big vaca  i miss you guys
@hawkinsdotbiz wow, im kinda surprised you mentioned me, especially since i have no idea what the reply was about.  thanx 4 the mention.
oofft! Masterchefs on!  im so gay, why am i watching this shit?!
@ryan__harrison its okay im a workaholic too  hehe..
@Appletreeseed ow do u really want one? i'll save u some, mum made em  im watching project runway haha maybe later?
@LilCease  im walkin yo dog  lol
@ji_ric sorry, im year older than u. LOL 
@beckym1985 i cant wait untill im 18  gunna be immense 
@taylorswift13 hi taylor! im your biggest fan and i really like your song breath! its so beautiful. 
@kirstyrawrr ohhh true im only following 24 people 
haha yew im #1  fanks kids  so i guess im a twitter whore now haha
i can't front. I love taking my mum shopping really. i throw loadsa shit in her trolley like im 3 again 
@rawrgoesaimee hello hello ) im the new fangirl 
@Makorani hahahaha...im kinda getting addicted to twitter...i really have to revise for tmws test but still im here on twitter 
im enjoying watching @Jasonshafer 's dog, otis, &amp; miley play! i think they are in love.. they keep on kissing! hah gross! 
@elyse2493 haha   ur pretty cool too haha me &amp; posting i miss my mum haha im bored! why didnt we do something tonight like milk my cows
im with my friends! keep playing xxxxx with yuuki... funny. 
@BaybieeNatNat  anyway im off speak to u later dude  x
@vfactory ohh yeahh that video is amazing, im so proud of you guys! 
@ashleigh92 good good baba  yeah im alright thanks  pains any better today? i love you xxx
@allankent oh man, I'm with you on that one!  Makes me wanna do this to the server housing the software:  http://tr.im/m5qF 
im so happy i found some one who wants to move slow mentally, but not physically. as i do.  fine uhh leee
@lizcrowe2593 aw, im so proud of you for knowing what episode it was from  weeeeeeee
@Rosellyanna uhm.. idk, im just going to buy some sodas&amp;candy and stuff. haha. 
? heart of life - john mayer. best song ever!!! this guy is sooo good!!  http://tr.im/m5wZ
@castletonASHLEY ive always wanted to try  but i would probably stack coz im so unco. not much just remembering how much my wknd  SUCKS 
im starvinggggg, wonder if my sister will buy me some food? 
@prissiekitong shes got you hiiiigh and you dont even know yeah 
as usual.. im just doing nothin' ehehe! 
im now waiting patiently for my sweety 
@DuckDd yup im an early bird today,its ma bday nd im happy 
im on twitter in school yep i bet you know that already 
@marcthom woohoo mama im a gunno be a dj 
@judez_xo http://twitpic.com/5otcp - oh hell yeh im on the wall with ss boys  i feel so spesh!
im gonna bake cookies for everyone and brownies and cupcakes for monday...everyones invited!! just come to ap stats 2nd period! 
@shaundiviney heyyyy im trying to get #bradiewebb in the trendy topics...i think he might feel left out! im loosing followers coz of it  x
@Bnice910 youre welcome hun 
@Joceylove lmao i was likee wtf your talking to rudyy againn? ahhhh dudeee im all bored; have fun at schoool without mee ha 
@edwardbbaldwin ha, yes, i was about to try that. instead, i decided to drown the air supply with some apache cheese  http://tr.im/m6l0
@vcstr haha..anytime man! im always down for booster juice..im inlove with the fact its right beside my school ahah 
just woke upp, im hungry. i think ill go raid the fridge for the rest of my milkybar yoghurts  x
gettn my new car!!!!!! omg so happy ..im gettn it right now 
im listening to slow ride by adam and allison  they sound so good together! hahaha *_*
down another 2  im mad it took me dis long 2 get serious bout dis!! n all wasted summers n money at cp grrrrrrr
@amandacts im getting tiredd. so im going nowww. i will tweet you tomorow darling! love you! 
@ayomsb lol yea girl im addicted to the needle i love piercings 
@cazob im gona hear it later 
Since im prone 2 getting txts during the night im going to start turning my phone off when i sleep. 
@jeffarchuleta ahh .. ohmygoshhh congratsss david !!! ahhh i was sleeping and this woke me up ahhhh  im sooo happpy lol
im going to bed byebye everyone  i hope dream with joe jonas ? haha but is impossible cuz' i never dream duuh
@sarahsmith230 hey good job ! top grade 9 drama student ! im jealous. jk, you deserve it. 
@LirisC lol im sure ur lovin it lol u owe me some good food 
@wazway, @le0tron28 im having a fantastic regal day  hahaha
@lozzaybaybay oh hayyy lozzaayy we're in english! lol shh its not like im doing any work anyways.   
@stephloveee and for that im grateful 
lady;'s here i come  yea i do the smiles and all - im single -        
@SalioElSol08 uh huh it is so!! @ednarheiner yw, yeah im still up!! 
@LoRinse idk lol im too tired to remebr anything ohh and i will be at exhibition nite 2mrw  hehehe....
@Kristms no way i love you ? make a suggestion for me too lol. oh btw when is ur bday? im excited 2 make ur cake 
*who is a marie antoinette fan! i meant. i totallly love that movie. and im watching it now! 
@beckham Thats awesome beck! i got 214 and im happy about that 
@overhope hayley. im with nick 
Just dropped spencer off at home... And im a big burly gay man! 
@ingabee yeah......im talking about aesthetic qualities. 
im stuck in paramore.net  yes i am pretty obsessed 
im eating a salad. its pretty yumi 
@robertd_16 to hard to explain on here soz.. will blog it instead later k im good tho now  hru?
@Shadowkitten701 you have a kid? see im always the last to find out  how old and whats his name?
@ddlovato yesss im excited 
im hoping for a lakers vs. cavs final  oh california how i miss you dearly.
im excited for tommorow  ugh my allergies are killing me.
@priscillayacoub   oh no, ;) just trying to decide, im leaning towards rock climbing tho haha 
@teez707 yessir I did...talked to em on the phone n everything. im on it!!!! lol we gotta plan worked out  thanks for lookin out
@jaaacckkkkk yeaah, thats why im not gonna have sex till im married.  dont forget ourr beet.
idk why i cant sleep im going to regret it tomorrow when im breaking my new horse, but it will all be worth it in the end 
Even though im sitting by my computer , this is just funner .  im lame .
i just got done doin like 6shots of raspberry stolie  and im uhh definetly buzzed
@lil69  naw.... im good... till the final sound of the horn.... still gotta keep hope alive 
@leau_steez yes i like lebron! but im probably studying. almost done with school 
@kmishael i know its amazing.  im so getting her new album!
@SaraBayles I know right? i like to say i just left a tweet! haha oh my im lame! 
I always have something 2 talk about hit me up ppl im cool  GlamourGirlPearl
@SheHELLAbadd im gooood , im exciteddd  for prom saturday 
@robby i gave that thing to elena... im not sure where it ended up 
-@sugabear70603 im glad youre enjoying it though  x
@RyanSeacrest WOW ur soo good at getting the dish 
okay , im going to bed. had a funny ass aim chat with my girl @MoFresha now im abt to go to sleep.  nitetwits mmmuuahhh!
@ajgadd so im on this is just to much fun!!!  yay !!!! welll im emailing you the project sorry i had soccer thats why its so late
@SheHELLAbadd haha  ur really nice !! im glad were chattin
@TateDance tate.. you can do whatever you want.. its all about being honest with yourselfffffffffffffff  im very honest with me!
@SadiquaP no im checking it out, thank you, you making a brother laugh 
&quot;im glad you ditched some one who doesnt attract so many flies&quot; bah dum chinggggggg 
@mnolan770  oh yes i know. webchat with them via twitter. so we got to talk to them for an hour.  but im aware im a jonas nut. 
@syncerepapi im feelin better thanx suga! me and chick calmed down, im listening to jimi hendrix &amp; sketching 
@carlzz96 hahah yaya im metioned in your tweet  lova yaaa lots miss you tooo &lt;3
im going to write a book. see im not a dumbass fools. 
aight im takin it down, sleep well and dream peacefully 
@nikifer i know nothing and im still stuck in the past hahaha but i hope you're happy niki! i lalalalovee you 
@aleshacal im greattt  missing you to bits. and of course still keeping with the large-ness. just for you!
@milaaaaycyrusss  Knowones perfect lol  yeah ur not naughty im singing  (8) white houses(8)
cya later everyone im off ill be on later  peace out
@IAMTHEMATRIX  ahahahaha hot.. meow im coming over haha  lmao
@khlin yeah im so excited for it  you should watch it tmrw!
Finally were almost done with the dorm... geeee.. im tired and exhausted.. 1 beer please... 
@fashionablyl8 @tovan05 @tiano3 @rick523 @iguez hey guys i finly hav twitr &amp;i finally am able to acess it on my phn i kno its late bt im 
@Rachelrainybow aww, i just had salad.  im trying to be healthy.. sorta..  so how's life rach?
@shaundiviney you, shallow, never,  haha. got mine too, cuz im THAT cool.
i will jog agen. cant dance. am not good at it. lol 
@TaylorEcstasy Awhhhh im sry :||  dontt go to school then love. 
kayyyy...im bored..im goin to a jesus thing with my mom later a 7pm..i mean a prayer meeting  hehe peace dudezz..
@theADUB lmfao.. why u calling me compton..? im glad you know where i be at.. 
@taylorswift13 haha your so funny tay.. im surprised you can make sense in ya blogg at 2.47am!!! lover censor lights so entertaining 
hi im kinda free and got nothing to do on the net.. so i just try this shit 
im so proud to be out of the closet 
ahw. im sooo happy now.  my bestfriend kim just sent me a message, and im reading it now. (: i miss her.
dont worry. drama over. i changed it lol anywho im off now  ttfn (y)
im on myspace cracker tommorrow 
@melodybell hahaha yes i know and i'd would be graduating with you but im next year  im quite nervous though haha :l. life  goes to fast!
@DestinyHope92 im great thaanks  wbuu?
