Most common words for this cluster:
[('insomnia', 139), ('migraine', 136), ('allergies', 101), ('sad', 88), ('hayfever', 65), ('meds', 57), ('tylenol', 45), ('today', 44), ('amp', 36), ('day', 36), ('pills', 35), ('lol', 35)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'insomnia', 0.7507798671722412), (u'oral_antihistamines', 0.7484571933746338), (u'Tylenol_acetaminophen', 0.74555504322052), (u'PMS_symptoms', 0.7433782815933228), (u'sedating_antihistamine', 0.7361650466918945), (u'atopic_eczema', 0.7357361316680908), (u'Parnate', 0.7298516035079956), (u'dextromethorphan_DM', 0.7269523739814758), (u'overactive_bladders', 0.7262428998947144), (u'Antihistamine', 0.7258957028388977)]





@ircmaxell - I think I need to find better anti-depressants.  I think this Paxil/Wellbutrin combo is losing its efficacy.  
I have mouth ulcer  so painful to talk and eat! 
I wish i could go 2 bed with out having 2 take an allergy pill. 
Chewie update. OCD in left legs fixed, but possible OCD in Right leg as well, and worse still hip dysplasia in both hips  Not good...
i think i have tonsillitis 
I had a migraine and now I can't sleep. boo  
maybe an insomniac.. or just nocturnal 
attack of the hayfever! noooo 
Valium, I needz it 
Urg,colds suck 
Insomnia kickin in  I hate this!!!
insomnia has got the best of me again... ohhh so tired and can't find sleep 
Feeling wacked out - this is why I hate taking these tablets 
Only got about 3.5 hours of sleep. Insomnia sucks 
@charmer128  they said I ain't ready yet.    is just asthma but they beign cautious.
1 word, Excedrin..    
Has a nasty chest infection, havent eaten or smoked in 48 hours.... Antibiotics had better kick in soon! 
@leealison allergies suck!!  I have been having to take zyrtec for the last wk now..   
Slowly dying of boredom. Also freezing cold. yaaay 
@stefinraleigh Maybe it's all the pollen in Raleigh rt now.I've been waking up w/a headache evry day 4 a wk. Exced. Migraine not helping! 
I'm looking for cancer treatments and for lymphoedema treatments. 
is soo drowsy... I hate my meds 
@YFEMAMMABEAR welcome to twitter! I am an addict 
@MsPorkchop22  my allergies r actin up too
Asthma fucking BLOWS  Can't wait till I finish up Asmanex treatments. Follow up (and hopefully final) apt w/ pulmonologist is this week.
Lemsip + Eucalyptus oil time. 
my allergies are messing up real bad! 
@racheltrue i'm a starving artist currently nursing a migraine 
Insomnia strikes again 
i have twilight syndrome, it's very annoying 
missing  my ella enchanted 
I'm hungry  I'm trying to lose weight so late snacking is a big no no.
@BenAllen_ I don't think so, but I am victim of that syndrome as well 
I have a migraine  in the bed...
is teary eyed b/c of a horrible toothache 
I have insomnia 
@whitespot55 26 ODs from GHB forced the police to close the venue halfway through tyDi's closing set!!   #asot400
No ganja means insomnia  No medicine means no sleepin...
@littlecheetah47 Thanks!!! But I needed that Aspercreme! 
not liking the hayfever 
back home. and i just found out. it's 9 days later. SAD 
This Kinerase extreme lift is breaking me out 
I wish i had the cure for bitchassness. 
can't sleep, is too tired 2 read, doesn't want 2 watch TV &amp; doesn't want to look at anything online. Insomnia is hardly ever fun anymore. 
Off to go weed the garden.  With a migraine.  
Vitamin D therapy for hangover  http://twitpic.com/3lizz
@lindyasimus It's also very negative but then again, nicotine is addictive 
I hate asthma 
i hate insomnia. 
Pooey, I forgot to take my allergy medicine 
in search of the perfect allergy med 
I'm wishin i had some caffeine! 
@mbaltusk I always say I'm going to bed, but then I get caught up in the action from other time zones. I'm stricken with FOMO! 
Bad heartburn 
is going to see the doctor.. have allergies 
@b4k4n3k0 i wish had some cool acronym diseases 
@Stroopwaffle Yes, surely. I'd just rather try Valcyte first, but the public insurance only covers the massive cost for HIV+ patients. 
@DiamonDie I was on Valcyte for 3months because of positive results for HHV-6 and HHV-7 but it didn't help me at all 
I can't sleep because of my migraine 
I forgot to bring my meds 
Has a toothache 
Not impressed about being sick... Too busy this week to be sick!! Panadol and bed.. 
Tylenol Flu Nighttime knocked me out last night....now I felt like I have hang-over! 
i really hate diets 
Allergy time. Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay. 
Alzheimers has got to be the worst disease ever. 
just took the grossest meds ever! 
@sufcboy Got one too mate, stupid colds 
@kimbykay It still looks high in sodium though. 
Why am I awake right now, this NyQuil is doing nothing 
This may sound mean, but when I work out I sound like a wheezing fat kid.  How'd I ever dance without having an asthma attack mid-set?
I have insomnia.... 
Benedryl is kickin' my butt, can barely keep my eyes open 
trying to understand why i can't get over this horrible horrible cough i have 
Why am I awake!!! Insomnia is real 
Insomnia-ing 
It's dead time and I am not sleeping yet  Insomnia isn't cool, kids
@babsalicious so sorry I missed you last night. Migraine 
Still raining  http://twitpic.com/3pica
Too soon for more drugs 
Nausea?  seriously? boo 
@Canageek   I'm sorry about the depression, but it's really good to hear there are other options...
I hate having colds 
@nygrl1914 I need to do that! I hate insomnia 
missed the day out with highschool loves. SAD! 
@lulu42012 oh, I'll have to try that, cause I seem to be out of both TPM and Nyquil tonight..this is bad! 
Insomnia damnit..working in a few hours 
oh, and my allergies are driving me bat-shit crazy! no meds seem to help either. 
@tryagain220 but I wanted caffeine 
@mz_gioo whaaaaat r u surious   i treat u like a queen! And then some!
i got colds. 
Bit of a setback, now on antibiotics 
i want to get snakebites!! 
@houston_black That sucks  Advil is your friend. &lt;3
I got the itis....but I'm no where near my bed  ughhhhh
just discovered i have night seizures 
I burnt the roof off my mouth with mashed potato earlier....i now have a big blister there. Whats best...Bonjela or something..ouch!! 
@ForMyKidsLLC It drives me nuts that the teachers ask everyone to bring in antibacterial soap. They all think Triclosan is harmless 
1UHHHH I am dying of boredom!!!!!!!! 
UHHHHHH i am dying of boredom!!!!!!! 
staying awake after taking an Ambien can be very productive for chores around the house, shit, Ambien, Aderal got the wrong bottle again 
I cannot believe I am up @ 4am even though I took an Ambien.  I just can't sleep. 
Just got nudged to update. . .lolllll. &lt;3 Insomnia is no fun when @subeta quests don't reset. 
Going out buy my mom's medicine. Actonel, or Risedronate sodium is really EXPENSIVE here. There's no generic alternative. 
gone back to bed, have a migraine 
Insomnia sucks the dogs butt.  want to sleep just cant. 
@tisyasyatia I miss you like a migraine misses Panadol 
is fightin a mean toothache. So not cool.  - http://bkite.com/076lG
is feeling SAD  really.
has another migraine 
allergies.  how will i ever get rid of you for good?
I need to sleep!!!! Insomnia... 
Robitussin..naprosyn and coffee..feelin a bit less crappy! And the sun is out, it's so nice..but I'm stuck on the sofa watching tv 
ugh, my cough is terrible! 
@stephintoronto sorry to hear about your migraine 
Trying to get a cancer is really hard 
I forgot to take my meds... tummy is hurting... 
@alli3kinz I kno  it faded!!! 
has a migraine and is really sick 
@jonathanrknight I cant sleep  i hate insomnia.
Oh hey painkillers, ty for making me tired. 
Doesn't feel good  no me gusta nausea...
I need soem Tylenol 
I need some Tylenol 
@omgitschelsea dude i almost changed my myspace song to graduation by vitamin c but it was just TOO TOO SAD 
Just had the most incredible weekend.  Now I have to concentrate on finishing my education.    why am I so ADD!?
@itallwithers i am bueno, mostly. a little disgruntled. i need my meds  yadida? how r u?
@edithfrost you better believe it - i'm right there with you trying to ride out this FDA situation 
Melatonin reaaally helps me sleep, too bad I didn't steal any from the bf tonight 
I guess I have insomnia tonight 
Advil is highly overrated and very ineffective  at curing headaches  i feel even worse and kinda disoriented
I'm starting to believe that I have insomnia.. 
it sux, one of my patients has calcium oxylate crystals in her urine, these specific crystals are formed when antifreeze is ingested 
And I am extremly itchy...its all the wind, I'm getting allergies....I'm on the brink of hives 
Finding it hard to believe I've so stressed that I got Shingles! 
@alittlethought   Migraines suck.
is seriously struggling with jetlag fatigue 
Working on Transcriptions.  caffeine is my only solace
Whyyyyyy did I develop a severe case of insomnia the past 2 nights?? ...exhausted, totally miserable, and hating my allergies 
I really don't like having migraines! 
Suffering from insomnia 
@lokeuei there goes my daily dose of coke 
tonsillitis again 
Suffering a toothache 
senioritis I've got it SO bad  16
Riding with joel even though he's mad at me  SAD
Fighting a losing battle with the evil known as insomnia 
i still need to take some panadol 
Insomnia sucks 
can't sleep! overdose of caffeine 
Fish oil pills are good for you but I keep burping up fish 
The more I read about this ADHD medication ,seems to me it could do more harm than good?! ! ?  
@Daradus I think I have a WoW addiction brewing even though I don't have it... 
is losing the fight with allergies 
I have a migraine! 
don't mess with a girl who has PMS. you're gonna end up bad  
My allergies are acting up 
I'm almost 40 &amp; I still get acne 
I have an extremely bad toothache 
@LunaJune he's got cancer 
Insomnia ... again ...  #fb
is fighting insomnia and losing 
Aw man... I have ADD bad lol I can't even concentrate on this movie. 
i need to let off some stress no drugs included....i miss mary jane 
i think i have arthritis    is it even possible for a 16 year old to get arthritis???
@HarperSimon awww baby, sorry! I took an Ambien  I'll be up and bring my laptop to tap away beside you until I get sleepy if that's ok?
Our son has picked up another cold thus meaning his Asthma has kicked we're dreading the next few days 
I hate it when everyone goes to sleep &amp; my mind is still going like 1000 miles an hour. ADD? no. OCD + Sativa 
is SO SAD  http://plurk.com/p/svi4n
@allendh yep haha   but it's bad......  I have a caffeine addiction haha
has colds. 
need paracetamol to magically appear--i seem to not have any. 
'fixed drug eruption', apparently, on one of my knuckles. It itches. IT ITCHES! 
@worldpolice Me too, me too  are we addicts?
So tired..brain no let me sleep..took Lunesta@ 3am..brain still not shut down..Lunesta put me into weird non-asleep coma..feel like crap. 
i love the cure  i'm such a nerrrrddd......we're leaving in about 10
I hate having allergies  so many tracks to do before the deadline 
Massive headache and no Tylenol, I feel like my head might explode! 
So you just gone dis my allergies like that? lol You hit me where it hurt  It's all love though @francineb2000
@kandydevil I hope you feel better soon  I hate those colds that linger
@Strabismus D: that's mean 
Playing WoW....have returned to being an addict 
@d0ll3 i dont do drugs 
@ohduh LOL that genre thing bothers the fuh out of me. I'm OCD about my iTunes. 
Insomnia again 
Insomnia sucks... I thought I got over it 
@nitaiw i've got crazy eczema 
allergies are acting up again 
contemplates crackberry or iphone?  Either one likely will push me over the OCD edge   I've been resisting so far with a low-tech razr.
Suffering Caffeine withdrawl 
meds suck.......... 
UGH! ....I hate migraines 
Just saw archive footage of LSD testing on a cat. Some things you can't unsee. 
Off to sleep... Hopefully my migraine goes away..    #fb
I'm going to pass out and die of boredom 
@benny_bennett to a point, she's 8 and an early bloomer, add to that an auditory disorder and ADD. we are having a time, for sure. 
3:00 in the morning. I have to be up @ 6.  Insomnia strikes again!
fucking insomnia... i just want to sleep  
@ShapeThrower lol - I'm not in playing mood today, got a cracking migraine and I didn't bring any meds with me 
why does Lemsip taste so horrible? 
another stinking migraine  
@shortglide Its not too bad. I don't miss them nearly as much as I thought I would. Now if I could just get over the tonsilitis. 
@mikeyfocus I can't get them in prescription 
@ghawi apparently not without meds... 
@Nebuchanezer @ingzee i am on camomile+Rennies. too much coffee=heartburn+acid 
@pinot i got asthma 
is fighting off a migraine. 
@moonhare We think its grass or something.Ankles legs tummy, bald, rashy &amp; stinky a lot! Antifungal stuff keeps it at bay but never goes! 
still sick  waiting for drowsy meds to kick in~
gona have my Testosterone levels checked yeah for me 
I think Rusky has had a slight relapse. She can barely keep her eyes open and she's not eating 
@sheywantsPDA I`M SAD 
getting used to Depakote...SUX! Sleeping all day long! 
Hoping an organic apricot-mango italian spritzer will help settle my stomach. I swear it's this Vitamin D therapy.... 
IBS is a curse i want no parts of...this is so unfair 
is on the couch nursing a migraine 
reorders his Actos. I ran out 
SAD;; I've never met a guy like this before. I really lke him. But i think hes mad at me cuz he thinks i lied to him... 
@jeyowenji i know. and its SAD  peyton and lucas.
i wish someone record the david concert and show it to me. SO SAD 
@AmandaTwohig It must be something about this time of the year. Depression hit me hard today 
I suffer from insomnia 
@mparaz on your next snorkel trip, you should wear contacts! such a shame to miss out because of your glasses  yeah, or Lasik...
WHY ARE BALLADS SO SAD 
I swear I don't have IBS.  
@Nailhead SAD FAEC 
's stomach is not happy--stomachaches = bright violet. 
@insomaniac oh noo! Allergy fail!  tell them to suck it?
@rdelizo35 sometimes I think I'd love insomnia if it didn't come with fatigue 
I hate it... depression 
#3turnoffwords I have diarrhea 
@bitteroptimist Not really. I was told by my neurologist that for my kind of migraines, I need to take Aleve because it thins the blood. 
He's not coming home    Bring on the Ativan
 dizziness! Not feeling to well.....crap.
Oh and I also found a large bald patch on my head behind my ear earlier. Alopecia, why not, let's make a day of it while we're here 
you are sooooooo right @jordansweetn, damn obesity 
@JazzyLadee1908 starsky and cox unfollowed me 
Recovering from what can only be described as a monstrous migraine 
my allergies have kicked it into high gear and I feel miserable 
Trying to ward off a migraine 
I'm officially an insomniac 
recovering from an unfortunate and absurdly stubborn migrane 
@amberconfusion i know. It's stupid  i took 2 sleeping pills
Stomach acid pills should work instantly. 
My hands are trembling due to my cough medicine which includes a bit of Ventolin in it! 
Insomnia: probably due to impending surgery &amp; stuff I can't do anything about  had to vent
so ADD rite now 
I think I have Tonsillitis again 
think i feel a migraine coming on. 
@phillyreds You shoulda called me. I'm a fellow insomniac ...   
went to harambee, sushiland, and then kerry park....everything we did when the cali peeps were here. SAD  but great memories though!!!
has colds 
says   (tears)all of a sudden i feel so melancholic. this is what i hate about PMS! http://plurk.com/p/uicx3
So frustrated. It's 2:38 am and I've been battling a terrible headache since 6 pm. 6 xtra Advil &amp; now 1 Aleve. Please work. It hurts 
Infomercials are the best. I need vitamins 
I just been diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder 
Having hayfever when it is raining is so wrong. 
Motion sickness is more prominent when you're horribly sleep deprived 
nightmare - feel like a house IBS giving me grieve - eating really badly - no will power !!  called ww leader for support - lovely lady
i feel sooo cold. my allergies at acting up. 
Insomnia robbed me of my energy this morning....first bout of it I've had in quite a while. 
Tonsillitis again, booooo 
@MichaelPierce NyQuil to the rescue! hope you feel better 
Just popped some more medication.  wondering how this will look once I go to work.
I hate trying to swallow tablets 
@TonyaR He's not at all well with his diabetes, not sure what to do to help, is v worrying 
my nose friend -&gt; VICKS VapoRub   cof cof
I can't do it!!!!!!!  I'm nearing clinical depression right now
I am never taking caffeine pulls ever again 
I'm out of toothpaste and my parents=zzz! I brushed with Listerine. 
@diaryofabadman Diabetic hubby doesn't trust testing kits that don't puncture 
@ConnorGreen Doesn't help with the amount of cigarettes I smoke as well! On Antibiotics as well so I can't drink on holiday this weekend 
is uber-ill and had to sit through four hours of corporate propaganda which labelled me a terrorist. I need hugs and Calpol 
Insomnia...grumble...need cure...this is getting out of hand now....grumble... 
Allergy pill hasn't been working last 2 days, think I'm getting the death cold going around the office. Yay 
is poorly.  peace and painkillers xxxx
Itching soooo much  used cream that i have allergies to...
I hate asthma 
I feel so tired and down .... I hate allergic coryza 
Waiting for my ride to get here so i can go to zero hour...ugh my allergies are killing me 
me thinks me have allergies 
MDD says I look like Caillou's mom 
I think I'm coming down with either a sinus infection or a head cold. Not good timing.  I need to take a dose of NyQuil at lunch.
Praying that Excedrin migraine works! I have too many things to do today and I can't do it with this dumb headache. 
Really craving some chocolate ....i think i should continue my diet 
@hannaahblack bronchitis?? 
is dealing with another bout of insomnia 
Today's symptoms...sneezes, headache, sore throat, earache &amp; backache  Not just hayfever is it?!
so...sleepy... got migraine from lack of requisite 40 winks  ...only got about 25, tho how I work THAT 1 out is a mystery
Has socks and insomnia 
@jamccaughran  SAD BOOSH.
 Yes, I've just become fed up with a few things but am working to make it better at least! @Hyperopia
Why does cipro make me want to puke? 
I'm still very sick I'm stuck in bed and taking another dose of antibiotics this one is called : Ciprofloxacin 
boredom is here again 
@hen4 LOL I'm a little OCD ,not a crease in sight 
officially is not a fan of oesteogen. Especially when it induces migraines. Hiding under the duvet again 
Blargh! Heartburn!  right before bed time too...  I hope it goes away tomorrow when I wake up
Caffeine didn't help, woke up late but at least it wasn't a school day. Yay study leave even if it means i have exams coming up 
* sneezes * the hayfever tablets are packed somewhere 
apparently the tablets I just took 'may cause drowsiness.' 
@paulbarrios she wasn't feeling good so they took her in and found only cancer but everywhere.  it was too painful for her.
My eyes went all blurry this afternoon from all the numbers! and damn I totally forgot how to do tax computations  SAD!
toothache and migraine, why me 
@Lollipopins @TheMakeupMuse @appletartlet don't get me started - slightly OCD here - numbers are a huge part of my obsession  lol
@bonbonfire actually, thanks for reminding me about that. i forgot that was an easy symptom to notice. ergo, my allergies are killing me. 
@joonian no spice for me. That kinda thing activates IBS for me  a world of mild food, does well.
Allergies are making me absolutely miserable 
injections still hurt.... 
@KristynMichelle Insomnia + boredum =exams time= poor me 
is tired. Insomnia again last night! 
ZONED OUT... Insomnia has set in pretty bad, I think I have had like 4 hours of sleep in 3 days. TylenolPM and Advil PM aren't working  
migraine with aura has arrived  losing vision right when i wanted to drive home. any tips on meds/treatment?
looking for some healthy functioning kidneys. Have nephrotic syndrome and having a major relapse 
@annemarike whoo! I hope that you start feeling better soon miss AMshiz. Colds suck 
@ddtannenbaum I'm still kicking!  Though on this diet now.    lol
oh yeah, definitely starting to get sick  going to have to pick up some #Dayquil (fighter of the NyQuil?) later today.
being lactose intolerant is like torture sometimes 
@djautomatic dang man i think everyone must be going thru something thats so not cool  i just want to be my happy ADHD self
migraines suck   I hope truffles don't make them worse ;)
Feeling weird still. I hope I'm not going to have to go back on meds. 
surely hope the whole easily ticked off thing is a PMS phase 
@ShaGilms Motrin Niggah! I just had the bomb workout! But hella 
@mileycyrus aww poor miley...you have insomnia 
One damaged back + Flexoril + Vicodin = days off work...    But, I'm all floaty.
ugh I never thought I got migraines but I don't know how else to explain what's happening to me  #fb
Ah crap... Xanax kickin in. I think it's time to call it a night. 
Why am I such an insomniac lately? 
 my dumb asthma won't go away...
@erica209 hahah thanks....im still SAD though  lol
doesn't like taking painkillers. 
Anyone with grandma's homemade recipe to stop coughing? Went trhu Theraflu, NyQuil, Rubitussin, Mucinex... Nothing really worked 
Migraines suck! 
@BabyBint I miss him too   Yes, I've watched them all. It fascinates me. To see how they managed to create such effects.
@jamestown440 I was going to but I had huge migraine 
@whyinthehell can't take motrin.   but i appreciate it!
Nasty headache...Tylenol isn't doing it tonight 
I dnt think I can't keep my eyes open any longer... that 1 1/2 Lortabs r gettin to me... lol.. n my foot still fuccin kills 
I'm so very tired...and have insomnia. 
Awake, no migrane (yey) but tummy is hurting, evil IBS 
@TerrenceJ106 insomniac over here as well 
When the weather's... ugh, something like asthma. So, yeah, Ventolin. 
I feel like I'm on alott of drugs 
I'm SAD SAD SAD!!! thought my aunty Stina coming but no more  i was so looking forward to having family..i miss dat! i'm alone on maui 
@TimmyNess for cervical cancer, I have to get 2 more 
but @pennyessex Humira isn't right for everyone. Some respond better to Enbrel. Ask your Rheumy. But not much long-term testing done 
Something is totally eating up my broc, cab and beans   Insecticidal soap just isn't getting rid of the pests but I don't want chemicals
@jennyrae Wow, I really hope it gets better. Asthma sucks 
i have high cholesterol 
this phyllis hyman unsung story is so SAD 
About to take meds I take that percentage back... feeling worse 
With E3 coming up the worst possible thing happened. No not swine flu! not AIDS! RROD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
arrghh stupid eczema      i have to go soon. sort it OUT! :/
What I would have done with legless stillborn spaniels, no idea. BUT I WAS SAD, so now, 20yrs later, strawberries = dead puppies. 
Fighting a migraine   Medication is almost working.
@RNconsult alarm watch + pill name display for functioning Alzheimer patients w/b key; hear alarm &amp; ask, &quot;What is that noise about?&quot; 
have to return my sideways. fuck meds and bills. 
I hate taking antibiotics, but i think i need to get me some. boooooo. 
*sighs* My head hurts.  Does anyone know if you can mix Benadryl with Claritin if you're already taking it with Sudafed?
PArts of me are starting to feel the effects of over tanning 
@edsaint  take some tablets- could be migraine
@mileycyrus they all stopped doing drugs! 
@dougiemcfly ME TOO! hehe i hate colds. totaly annoying... 
Migraine is fighting its way back from last night. 
the BEST day ever. I met the greatest 10 year olds. but i will never see them again.. AHH. i'll miss them (i saw them 1 hour xD) SAD 
Oh I'm really tired of these migraines! #Endometriosis &amp; #Fibromyalgia &amp; #Migraines &amp; sleep probs just compoundin ea other since surgery 
ugh... dunno why im just not in the best of moods... how do i know if i have allergies? meh... 
 i hate the tremors!!!!!! stupid meds.
doing chemo 
Ugh. I have a migrane 
PKU meeting in London, ON all day today.  One of my favorite PKUers Jessie not there.   He has PKU and Leukemia and was in the hospital.
Feeling awful, new medication is making me nauseous  
has finally got some Zyrtec for this terrible allergy attack.    I hope it doesn't put me to sleep before the game comes on tonight.
i wonder if there is a life after Alzheimer's caring. beyond despair. poverty sux but commerce is futile. there is no description. mommy 
this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along
I need a Xanax and have none 
@SooSpecial i did that but my INS wouldn't pay for the therapy  so now i dk what to do!!
@danabaker Thanks hon. #Migraine went away then came back. 
Browsing through the web. And expecting to see the PMS forum back up, but no luck 
Just woke up from a five hour nap. I still have a headache.  Medication time!
@oheryn drugs are bad 
Wowzer! It's very windy. Not good for my allergies!! 
back from dr. appt. no real diagnosis (hmph), just prescribed antibiotics, and an inhaler to help w/ the extreme coughing. 
@karamat There is good cholesterol. There are no good tumors. 
@totalgunner Nurofen and marijuana, usually. But I'm lacking the latter currently. 
Ugh, migraine. 
I'm miserable with my boredom. 
Is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!
is on allegra, flonase and a steroid inhaler for the rest of the allergy season. throat still hurts from the asthma 
@laurenbreslin aww i know its my addiction!   awww i know sameee  !  its just more more more !
has such a freakin migraine 
@momneedstherapy - So sorry Ambien got sick.  Perhaps work her ashes into the garden with a catnip plant?
tripping through tiredness is nottt nice 
@FlyGyrl1 I been following.... LOL.. just dont be paying attention to little ol Mylan 
sinus infection due to faggish allergies 
Mentally zonked. Physically not even vaguely tired. I hate all this medication - basically, it sucks 
IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SAD 
hydrocodone always makes me throw up 
Migraine   heading to bed.....
in acaoulcoO...  i had 2 miss my friends plans... SO SAD!
ugh, I hate sinus headaches  hopefully sleep (and Tylenol) will help
I think I might die from allergies 
Tired of taking pills 
@miike2112 it was SO SAD!  crying
Allergy headaches officially suck!  
is tired of the toothache 
says darn another storm coming..has had enough of my allergic rhinitis  http://plurk.com/p/x47gg
is going to sleep with a toothache 
Just got home from last school dance..SAD 
Allergies make me frown.  
ugh i have a cold i hate colds! 
I hate hicups!!!! Why is there no cure for the common hicups??? 
@robsteadman i was just diognosed with breast cancer 
This cough is really starting to bug me 
i just found out i have herpes....  not cute.
@Lyndzei I don't know...  insomnia probably...
my cough medicine is making me tummy hurt! 
@alvinz SAD day today. 
http://twitpic.com/68una - Anemia has really been doing its job.... look @ these veins.     
this is worse than meds, i didn't think that was possible 
Our evil wizard has malnutrition. 
boo hoo. i have colds 
@JamieGodwin not as great as it sounds. I'd love to get up earlier but battling with insomnia again 
Suffering from IBS.  
Going to take a pill for fever and then go back to bed 
is tired of constantly having heartburn 
woke up with a migraine ...... 
@jen_hintz i need to suck it up and get treatment. i know what you're going thru, too, worse than me  i don't think we can get Meridia 
#myweakness procrastination 
I've got toothache. 
 This makes me SO SAD http://bit.ly/tM7kp
@katherinemarsh awww m sufferring too 
@DHughesy home!  ITS SAD
@lorikitty It doesn't have to be like that...  Allergy meds never quite fix the reason you are getting the allergies.
@tishialee I know how you feel have had terrible migraines before 
freaking migraine  I'm going to cry.
vitamin D is not working 
@vivapunkcabaret: it was fun. But i was really tired. And now my allergies are killing me. 
@ubringmejoi we don't like your addictions 
oh my leg  ima pop some Advil and take a hot shower. bbl.
restless mind+constant coughing = insomnia 
In a lot of pain.. I think I must have slept wrong last night and really hurt my back.. I can't get comfortable today  Tylenol not helping
@RICOPREMIERE26 I took some tylenol but its only making me drowsy 
Almost just died from allergies. 
Still feeling awful, I have no clue why, thinking it might be allergies or something.. 
If I am going to help host a card party tonight I can not mow this afternoon...my back is NOT cooperating. Wish I still had Vicodin. 
I hate bulimia!its not cool 
@sulphate i'm really sorry, that's awful 
maxed out on medication and head still pounding - this migraine's not for shifting - what a wasted day 
at vision works w/mom &amp; sis getting ADD forreal! looking out window @ cheesecake factory 
@andreaj27 It is SO SAD to see what some people are forced to live in. i'm sure it broke your heart. 
Wow crashed out this pm. 4-8! Tiredness is overwhelming at times. I get tearful at missed n wasted time. 
Still suffering from Jetlag. I was awake at 5am today with wayy to much energy  I need SLEEP!
.... a family friend died today...And my parents are really SAD.... 
@notaion9 *sigh* I'm loaded on Zyrtec and of course a diet coke by my side: still suffering  Option 2 will commense soon 
Allergies season has officially kicked in for me 
that's it. im going for the codeine. 
had CT scan and it was not good    The cancer is back and now I have no more options....
It was supposed to be a SAD face 
Tucked in my bed with a box of tissues, cough drops and an extra dose of Tylenol Severe Cough. 
@RACHELTOVAR in a deep depression with no phnoe u should not laugh 
Listening 2 my husband discuss his recent sleep study 4 his sleep apnea. He woke up 14 times an hour w/o CPAP machine. 
@stevyncolgan I don't drink alcohol, but have a similar lipid endowment 
Dosed up on painkillers. Hopefully I won't throw up again  .......why me?
Really wanted to hang out after #pdxcodecamp but really need to try to get this migraine under control 
Migraine havent subside since last nite.it's sun!i want 2 relax nt nurse a migraine.pls go away 
@thedarkorb I was just thinking about mouthwash, but I can't make myself do it,t tastes too weird, don't like 
@ZooeyDe insomnia really does suck 
Just found out my grandfather has Alzheimers and has been having hallucinations.  weak.    *sigh*
Having a SAD day!!!!!!! 
@raymondroker me too. I had both Claritin and Allegra in the span of an hour and my nose is still running. 
@DaphBrog - mine are triggered by a number of things... but I forgot to take my Imitrex too 
I am havin the worst migraine right now. 
suddenly  i ate too much satay  whts wrong with my diet :S
I do believe my allergies are acting up.  Better break out the Claritin. Or something. Benadryl makes me sleepy so I don't like it. =o=
I feel a migraine coming on 
@IamDraven I &quot;quit&quot; Seroquel after 2 years but now, even though it's hard, I'm admitting I think I do need it  Melatonin sux!
can't sleep because of a stupid toothache. 
@thesachambers it would be great, except with all the airway clearing, my allergies are making me miserable. 
@epicwater Yes I know.. ADD much? heh heh. I CAN'T HELP IT!! help me. 
Oh my god. I HAAAAATTTEEE my allergies 
It's official, allergy is takin me over 
@strangepop bb that sounds a little like anemia 
what am i doing?  - obviously not sleeping like i should be   stupid, stupid insomnia
UGH. this cough is so annoying 
Ugh trying to sleep  stupid penicillin
@fngkestrel not a treat 
Panadol? feeling a bit sick to be honest not sure I can last to tomorrow evening whole side of my face hurts 
is it slightly OCD that I get so much satisfaction from tweets that contain the perfect number of characters? this one doesn't 
have horrible migraine so feeling very sorry for myself 
listening to music and dealing with my awful migrane 
This hayfever is soooo not cool 
wondering why i'm still awake  took 2 benadryl
@ozdj Can I please haz smellovision on #puddingsunday ? All I can smell right now is Vicks vaporub 
I play too hard for my IUD  *soooo much pain*
is being attacked by hayfever 
I think I realized I have ADD and it keeps me from falling asleep even when I am exhausted which is frustrating. 
has the worlds worst hayfever 
@ryohakkai aw what  meds? Also. I am.
Another asthma attack 
The hayfever pills don't seem to be working anymore 
Drinking Vitamin water ... even though it's horrible for you  oh well lol
this cough does not feel/sound good. 
@sammieepaige  you need some advil.
I continue to take my strep medication and I am not getting any better 
@_hayles i thinks i will has my mum had cervical cancer when she was having me and i really don't want the disease 
heyy really sick from allergies so not fun 
@navaja1cortes LOL I would need like 20 Aleve to step and stroll again. Pero I can't I'm traveling 
My hayfever be attacking naow 
Not stomach bug, migraine. 
has got really really and i mean really bad hayfever   :@
@jamiekrycek  That's the worst food reaction outside peanutbutter allergies and celiac disease! No garlic?!?
colds love me 
Oh oh, Hayfever attack coming on. 
I have a cold, AND hayfever. I feel great! 
@emsi_b hayfever, i've had a tablet for it and eye drops but they won't give over 
I'm ready to gooooooo.   !!!  I hate acne smmfh
@belladonna20 as are adverts  why so many?
@ShropshirePixie was going to say paracetemol, sunstroke not nice 
i came down with an allergy attack - but recovering now 
Hrm. Possible migraine coming. 
just applied 4 of the 6 lotions/ointments/tablets my dermatologist gave me. craap. i hate allergies. 
@DanielSeahorn I love you baby!! I misssss youuu soo much!! Depression has set in!!  
my ulcer hurtts 
@hiediearwood  long live heartburn    
@chrisa511 awww.  I hope the migraines go away. 
@Strabismus I hate headaches. 
just got up and I have a toothache 
@pramsey You have my sympathy - I'm suffering from allergies right now, too. 
I think taking 4 Aleve a day is starting to kill my stomach.  But it's supposed to help my arthritis....only 2 more weeks left 
These Alzheimer's Projects are so sad 
feeling a little yucky today - stupid Crohn's 
DRUGS? i aint on drugs  wtffffffff
 cramps. Drugs--good.
allergies have gone from bad to worse 
O shit i have tongue herpes  -tom kaulitz-
@turtleshark hummmm. That sounds delicious.  I want some but on a diet. 
doesn't think my cough is getting any better.. 
Asthma attacks are the worst 
@SarLake sorry I didn't respond!  I had already passed out from my drugs haha
wow everything is pissing me off right now. I feel like yelling at my sheets. I almost hope this is just PMS or something. 
MIELY??  SAD! PARAMOREEEE!
@OrganicSister @CrunchyGoddess Pill bugs can eat very small &amp; tender shoots &amp; seedlings, and they've devoured my baby lettuces. 
suffering from hayfever!!! 
I hate procrastination 
Doesn't know how she is still functioning. Such huge lack of sleep has let her autoimmune disease run wild 
@StackedGroup ingrown  and it hurts so bad and i have to take antibiotics for it now :'(
Prescribed the wrong c/l power &gt; eyes strained &gt; c/l less for a month 
Absinthed out, but with some big insomnia. 
dosen't know why he does this to himself 
Insomnia is not fun 
@Mhaey aww i have insomnia to  and woo points for meeeee!!!
who wouldve thought.. she picked drugs over me..  lonely, once again.
Holly has allergies 
left my multivitamin at hometown... 
is an insomniac 
Caffeine sensitivity + late night cappucino + insomnia = still awake at 245am 
@SeaGrace Insomnia is a tough one.  And my early mornings are why I conk out early at night.
is wonderin why all of a sudden i've got Hayfever!! 
Oh Benadryl you are failing me this year 
I'm sick!  Nyquil needs to save me!
ok this sucks i am freaken exhausted it is 4:30am I can't sleep and have not gone to sleep at all yet  Insomnia sucks ass!!!
is not going to work tomo. I have almost overdosed on Lemsip, my head feels like it wants to implode and it hurts to breathe. 
i hv 2 go on a diet. gaining weight so bad l8ly 
Oh no, the laryngitis is worse!  I've been drinking tea and Theraflu all night. What am I going to do without a voice? 
is having a major migraine in the middle of all that is happening!  when I wake up, this migraine will be gone I hope. 
@sulphate He's gone away 
theae antibiotics im on are making me feel strange 
@vanmaanen I would, but I have arthritis   #momoams
AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRGGGGHHHH i hate havign hayfever! 
back at work... with a Benadryl hangover 
I had to take Benadryl last night and I couldn't get up this morning wtf  I feel terrible today, like cement.
prednisone, azithromycin AND hydroxyzine 
Sudafed cleared me up, made my headache better, and made me feel like I'm about to fall right asleep! 
I have bronchitis 
damn you ulcers! 
My asthma needs to relaxxxx 
started my Prednisone today, ugh...I don't think i'm gonna like this  sis said they make her B*TCHY lol, have to unpack the car today
OCD is like a waste of money, i re-buy the same products if i think somethings wrong with them 
I really don't like antihistamines they make me so sleepy, which makes working very difficult. 
Aww, shit!  I just found out that i have.....assburger syndrome. 
I'm become immune to the benefits of throat lozenges 
Just found out a prescription I need very, very much is $500. FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS.  This is really not good.  I can't pay $500 for pills.
I am home. Hayfever = awful. Eels = no. Bills = yes. 
At the dermatologist... Eczema... Yeesh  dry skin sucks ass!!!!
Going thru withdrawals,... Don't steal peoples meds, that's fuched up I need my meth 
@mystoryapparel all the above. I suggest staying away from Claritin it doesn't work...nasal spray is all I use...I just deal with it 
Colds are not fun...colds + work even worse 
living on sudifed and motrin  stupid cold..
fighting a migraine... ugh! 
staying in bed until i HAVE to go out because i look all puffy from my allergies 
@NerdyNerak The neti pot is the best thing I've found so far. Zyrtec kind of helps, but after awhile, I'll build up an immunity to that. 
@allan1850 They gave me Ultracet like I asked but it's still at CVS. Luckily the boyf's dad has some. I have a huge fat lip 
@ericflo especially when you have cellulitis 
@jcabro  *pat pat* That does, truly, suck! I hope it passes fast! *sends healy vibes and e-antibodies*
@Twisuz sorry   what about tylenol
I agreed a diet Not starvation!!! 
maybe its not allergies...got a fever now 
wow i am sooooooooo SAD 
Allergies Are acting up,  I was still playing outside
I have a toothache  
has got a sudden migrane. Owwwwww.  I need to be home...  now.
Theraflu doesn't suck half as much as I thought it would, but having strep and an upper resp. infection does.  gah.
still has pharyngitis 
i probably have the worst acid reflux everrrrr  
@CoachDeb http://twitpic.com/68q1b - I'm SAD!!! 
http://twitpic.com/6fj8e - Cirrhosis of the liver much. Yes that's my thigh 
I had to get my gum drained! SO nasty and the most uncomfortable thing ever! It hurt so much! No pain killers, just Advil &amp; antibiotics. 
Insomnia + hayfever = a very irritated bunny 
Uuuuuurgh, those pills are raaaaaank. 
great, now I'm the one suffering from insomnia 
feeling the effects of the Benadryl i took earlier...dang allergies 
is reeeally hoping these antibiotics work... 
stupid acid reflux! ... now i can't drink winnee!?   
 so they took me off of iv pain meds &amp; gave me oral pill and what I drank, well didn't stay down  don't know what they will do now!
My right ankle and right shoulder hurts a lot!  Ibuprofen!!!
about to pop some ALEVE for a stiff neck 
and the migraines return... 
No Alieve, Ibuprofen, Tylenol, Asprin, Advil, or anything of that nature! Wtf am I going to do? This sucks!!  I need medical insurance!!
Trying to go to sleep but having wicked insomnia the last 2 Nights 
i hate migranes. ouchy 
I am extremely concerned... I might have diabetes 
I hate migraines. 
Touch of insomnia lately 
damn! im out of acetone! 
@Jessums31 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progeria 
im in a battle right now...against my allergic rhinitis..grrrr terrible 
http://bit.ly/F8UFX  Wishing I could do the drumming.  (ADD much?)
@I_enigma I know. I have a compromised immune system because of the Crohn's, I'd be the one the dies, knowing my luck 
@DAMITRIC shit I'm on a diet now 
@infamousladyt It's polyacrylate gel... bad for the respiratory system of babies  #clothdiapers
@chrisschinn you still have a migrane  i'll mail you some otterpops becausew otterpops make everything better
the non-drowsy neozep is making me so, so drowsy 
 chop my hand off please! Advil isn't working
might be going back to depression 
@IvoryGretts It's more nerve damage migraines for me...  I have to take 800 mg ibuprofen and it just barely takes the edge off. 
is SAD!!  
right now I can't sleep my allergies are killing me 
Insomnia sucks. 
Allergy. I hate it, i feel like i'm dying  what are the odds my boss will send me home? Thats right, none.
Stress = bad /migraine 
I hate insomnia... And sleeping alone 
The horse pill causes some wicked uncomfortable side effects 
@oHMOSh my allergies know no seasonal boundaries 
@Ntk007 i hope so too....TOO SAD 
my cough medicine wore off....here I go again! + many other medicine 
@emperorsclothes I'm on cetirizine and fluticasone plus eyedrops 
i have stomatitis now  have to take B vitamins tablets...
*has nasty toothache* 
Is still feeling sickies 
eatting 20 buffalo wings at 3 in the moring is not a smart idea for those of us that have #IBS, I can't sleep now. 
got waken up by hayfever 
migraine attack  i going to stay in bed 
boredom strikes again.. 
Migraine still there... Drugs not working... nothing done... another wasted night 
i have a migraine 
is suffering from dysmenorrhea  http://plurk.com/p/xv67n
I got a migraine. 
And the hayfever begins 
@RachyRooo i soooo did not need to read that!!! I am now sinking into a very, very deep depression!!! 
Argharahghahg hayfever 
Hoping this is allergies and not strep! 
My antihistamines have made me sleepy  And I feel dreadful.
@marieiris  I hear you. I've run into a couple of tragic situations related to Crohn's in my work life
Nowadays I have to take so much bloody sleeping pills. I must b insomnia....    
I'm cold.. now I am taking some medicines... 
@soihaveanidea i cant set up this leh.. always say got problem SAD 
ughhhh i hate my allergies 
doesn't it suck when your on a diet and you want everything you can not have 
My ear is fine as long as I keep taking Tylenol every 4 hours.  But after that 4 hour window, I'm in intense pain again.  
back from dashing about - suffering from hayfever 
has da Hiccups :'( dey r so annoying  any cures for it
Y'know, Hayfever's a bitch. I havn't been able to take my knuckles away from my eyes all day 
SAD! I just ruined my @AnoopDoggDesai t-shirt.  C'mon Resolve!
@getonmylevel  getting subways, taking my benadryl n knocking out
Really sick.  No panadol either.
needs to take malaria pills afterall 
Hating Hayfever! 
I has allergies  This is stinky.
I'm sick  it's bad to have asthma.
@Valv30 ~ I take Xanax too. I have issues 
@zombiebites yup I called in. lol. I think I have bronchitis so it's probably for the best.  
its very hard not to have advil when you have a migraine 
Insomnia  but @pw_official's shower of tipsy twitters were so lollerific
Trying to fight sleepiness and to keep studying for equity  wahhhhhhh
has had a terrible migraine since last night that's brought on nausea... 
helping shelby pack. and i have allergies  i hate them so much!
@GGGKeri migraines are nooo fun.  *passes the codeine* Tylenol w/ codeine is the only thing that helps mine.
taking benadryl again to try to make myself fall asleep... 
@ShredderFeeder damn insomnia 
Wow. I make SO much more $ in @spymaster when I just leave it alone all day. SAD 
@JessJubilee only 13 hours to go!! I didnt see you to give you time warp pills 
@freddurst Insomnia sucks man 
err. section seven sia! HOW SAD 
migraine... migraine.. please go away 
I have weapons grade hayfever 
Has just chocked on mouthwash 
The insomnia is back 
no one has texted me since 11 o' clock in the morning. SAD. 
@Shelly1Belly u need some NyQuil...sorry to hear u couldn't enjoy ur sleep 
anyone know any cures for migraines? i've had one on and off for almost 3 days.   help!
@10rdBen I really dislike that shows hosts, do they have to be such juvenile ADD idiots all the time. 
is off to sleep my migraine off 
argh...sinusitis! 
i really have to take some meds to sleep. i am so fuckin tired 
suffering with hayfever 
has colds. D: bad, nonstop, sneezy, colds. 
@Wossy I can pass you Boots own Cetirizine, Beconase nasal spray but not my eye drops because I mislaid it 
asthma attack plus allergies on face = not good. 
repletion ~.~ gagal diet huhuhu 
I'm going to sleep. Migraines need to stop 
@R_Ingtail Zantac helps for flare-ups of the acid, but my main cause of it was allergies keeping my stomach active. 
i hate that this is my bedtime, i need some sleeping pills 
The bad thing about me catching some shut-eye on the way to work? I'm the one driving.  Narcolepsy has its downsides.
Pooheads. This cold has knocked the energy out of me  need another Lemsip, movie &amp; cookie methinks.
having a bad cough,again and again.. 
unprecidented levels of tiredness 
Has got tonsillitis and it hurts! 
@waz7710 nope i dont!  SAD!!!
having nausea 
I feel like I'm going to puke. Sometims I hate my meds 
I am certain I have bronchitis! 
@cathrynann   I hate injections!
Trying to avoid vomiting is not fun. 
@adrence goodnight adrence, migraine strikes at me again.. 
Insomnia sucks! 
I woke up with a Migraine...this is not going to be a good day 
such bad hayfever  
@IAMCJAY Insomnia got me big bruh I been up all night since 4pm yesterday  but feel better!
i have arthritis. yay!  [  ]
irritated on homefeont and huge migraine now 
@dementia i don't have. simple P&amp;S only 
@Shatterbound Aw yuck!  Migraine?
Two funerals in one week!!! SAD 
i hate having active allergies 
@Greenieiswicked Good. Ibuprofen might help too (later, not at the same time as Tylenol).  I hope it starts getting better.
@MorningstarQ45 no...Shingles. 
allergies suck not only does the medicine knock you out - you get strange dreams 
sitting in the waiting room at the NW Asthma &amp; Allergy Center to have 3 hrs of tests done, what a sucky day 
Is wishing that they would hurry up and cure Hayfever 
Over this stupid toothache 
gets really tired of Zyrtec 
@VioletSin PMS lol 
has taken 60mg codeine, 800mg ibuprofen and 1g paracetamol within the last 30mins but is still in too much pain to eat *sympathy please* 
sinus infection and allergies equal epic fail. 
I've had a stomach ache after every meal for the last few days. I hope i'm not sick and that i don't have Celiacs 
@IVFGirl bummed for you.  hope you gallstones get cleared soon.
Asthma meds make my throat hurt  still freaked out by the dream that combined all my fears into one.... *shudder*
Here's a little TMI for you twitter followers - my life's insult is complete.  I'm 24, and I have to start using Rogaine.  
Allergies really stink 
listening to music. i have a bad cough. 
@JellyKnuckles I've got tonsillitis so not really feeling like doing much  you? xx
@PinkerJewel ow  at least I dont get the vomitting you apparently get with migraines...
I have some new items to take pix and list but been so sick with a migraine all day even with my meds not going away....  
Crying induced asthma attacks ftl. 
My arm still hurts. I did something to it, I dunno. Nyquil is having adverse effects. 
Is suffering from insomnia 
heartburn &amp; depression 
SAD SAD SAD missing my cat !!! Poor baby is missing     hope u all have had a great week
I'm slacking horribly on my protein intake. 
I need a Tylenol and a nap.... 
@Blakehefner u have cancer!!? 
I really got depression, wow, i can't believe! Why? 
I have a migraine, again. 
I really got depression, wow, i can't believe! Why? 
My allergies are really acting up!!! 
@NiceEvilBanker I don't want to go on meds.  We'll see what the doc says.
i suck at diets 
@alexwilliams12 i feel sick  and i have to go out tonight. im like totlaly fluey. went to drs. got some drugs.
i hate being lactose intolerant ! 
@sharonginelle I'm sorry you're cranky and PMS-y...  And... What's Fmeverything?
is convinced she has adult ADD... and an insane addiction to her computer. I hope they have a pill for that. 
Migraine  hurts so bad I can't say anything witty.
@arboelke it's in their genes 
@davidarchie aww sorry for the allergies ='( (i don't get allergies so i don't know how it feels, i bet it feels bad though) 
Diets are not really all that great 
@Elphiedee reading won't help. I need some DRUGS! Vicodin, ambien, ANYTHING. 
So tired from my cancer walk  ready for bed!
@venusflesh it could be carbon monoxide. I dunno 
It would be nice if the painkillers would start working now. 
ugh, freaking insomnia. 
@kidsinaustralia @greenteadesigns Thanks girls.  Bronchiolitis is nasty!  Nothing much we can do except help the little guy ride it out 
feeling queasy ugh...  where's my sleepiness when I need it?
@Scratch5150  don't think so.... I can't sleep.... insomnia!
has concert withdrawal symptoms... 
I hate nausea 
@Rorzshach no  ::cries:: I guess he took far too many sleeping pills...
Just the usual insomnia... Fml 
Oh yeah, i forgot.  I got results back from sleep study.  I have &quot;sleep apnea&quot; and will have to go on a CPAP machine at night now. 
The insomnia side effect of my meds has kicked in   I'm determined to have fun today even though I'm exhausted!
@AllyHL Aww what allergies has she got? She's more than likely to outgrow them but it's tough while she's a little 'un 
@zeashanashraf I have to temporarily avoid gluten. Allergy issue 
Heartburn...? WTF!?! i cant win 
having a migraine..it's awful 
I feel another migraine coming 
in bed because of allergy 
looking for an excuse to learn cucumber, anyone recommend a decent book on BDD, my grasp is flimsy and I missed NWRUG 
@AlfinaHawaii I think I've got hayfever. 
The med is called, &quot;Lotrel&quot; 4 da BP 
@ThomasGermalulz  I don't like prescription drugs! They make me ill  and sleep aids always make me hallucinate instead of making me sleep.
@jaysimpson i have been putting vitamin E on it too... its so big 
Just discovered I have an allergy to pine nuts 
 1 dinger in and I so regret popping that pill...
@jessy8593 She had cancer. 
@DivasMistress i want lasik... but I'm scared... 
listening to the graduation song by Vitamin C trying not to burst into tears. 
Sadly, only one pills left for me  Gerenti sikda kick. Humpft!
@jtaylor6stx I lick everything!!  Especially myself, I have terrible allergies. 
Ibuprofen still hasn't kicked in..... this is torture. 
miserable with allergies 
I wish my Nasarel inhaler was filled with cocaine instead of steroids 
can't stop sneezing and crying. allergies suck. 
is wondering why this migrane is not going away! 
what is the best medicine for dry cough? 
I think I am with fever. The medication that is making me sleepy 
whithout any energy left, really dying here... i hate having bad colds is not good for asthmatic ppl!! 
@mamastony yyyyyyyyeah, poppin excedrin migraine. 
Taking meds  I'm sick
@Kalofagas my other gpa died from lung cancer  so I'm passionate about it
how to sleep at nite? bad syndrom comes to me huxx 
At the market in my sweats  i feel so sick.  im buying Tylenol . Shouldnt a guy be doing this for me ?
I think I am getting sick  Dayquil to the rescue!
is so fucking too much SAD 
these injections are nasty 
Still battling this poison ivy. It's been 2 weeks. Even on Benedryl it itches worst at night. 
@moniquepowell well I'm now short $6000+ for antibiotics... 
I hate my allergies! I sound like a little kid all sniffly. 
i don't go to the party   SAD
dying of allergies and coughing fits 
back from the hospital...i have pharyngitis! 
I hate allergies. They suck. 
And in conclusion, extended nausea is not fun 
@AKGovSarahPalin I hope you will bring awareness to other disabilities, my oldest son has severe Dyspraxia and struggles daily 
...Now I pay the price... I hope I don't get my stupid heartburn! 
ACHOO! I have colds again! WHYYY? 
ate too many vitamin c tablets! 
I just caught the most painful migraine out of nowhere.....my brain is like 10 steps ahead of me....oy ve 
@mariellequinton I totally forgot about your allergy 
found out i dont have cancer, but i am anemic. 
@r_witherspoon I can not believe that this is happening! I will try and spread this petition myself! This is very SAD 
need to get back into taking my meds... stupid anxiety attacks 
@AmysFinerThings Oh I know how you feel. I have bad acne still and I am 35 
@TheNortherner HEY! Why was I not offered any advil??? 
Thanks @itsTyraB but I been poppin Tylenol 3 like candy n its still hurting 
Vicodin+sleeping pills= good end to a crappy day. At least i didnt cry AS MUCH as usual when i left Dimos'  &lt;3 him
I think I've developed a headache/hangover from this afternoon's Vicodin. 
My head is at about an 8 on the dumb doctor pain scale. I am very upset about this because I am completely out of Advil and ibuprofen. 
this migraine is killing me 
insomniac night so up surfing the net- I'm going to regret this later 
@annATL I can't get on THC or the internet for that matter. And I can't look at my friend timeline on my bb so I've been pretty lonely. 
tired and should be doing homework, but my ADD is getting in the way, and i know i REALLY should do it.  poo.
i cant stop coughing  i hate having colds
Calling it a night.  Colds mixed with nice weather suck 
Sleepinggg with my allergy 
I am truly upset that BigPharm/BigMed/FDA titillate us with hints of relief, only to find they have been playing hanky-panky on my dime. 
Heavvy heavy migraine! 
Ecstasy, shrooms, xanax, percocets, klons, and sonic slushies. No caine though 
attack of the allergies  http://plurk.com/p/z0mtz
@chanelsalvador she has ulcers  #saveheidi
Vitamin water ripped me off! Lol i went to by the sync one so i could get a free song but it didn't have a code for it 
@bingaling yes I do buh da sad thing is I have ADHD dat shit sucks 
Feeling woolly headed from the meds... 
Feels rubbish drugs all out of kilteras meds not correct now driven out of my bed by religious twoddle going on with the bed next door 
ii odee found an allergy pill... vicks def. didn't work !!  sooo happy thooo waitin 4 my sinus' to clear up so ii can go back to sleep !
@jordanknight please. next time take ur bros Tylenol pm so we dont have to wake up to ur effen games. very annoying.  
@rjdennis Oh, i forgot to mention her astigmatism which causes her near-blindness 
I have a migraine!!!   stress from being away from my fiance? maybe lol
I've got a really bad toothache 
The nausea is out of control ... 
i am so ill , i hate asthma 
:: the outdoors and I don't mix; damn allergies  ::.
@sjosjo as a fellow jra sufferer, i am so sorry  take it easy..
I feel completely rubbish - have tonsillitis 
even a funeral for a drug addict is sad 
can't get rid out of my coughs. 
Exams finished! But I got more than 1 for oral bioavailability of drug -- that sounds very wrong! ... 
Insomnia is out of control tonight--haven't slept a wink. 
After taking the pills, i'm farting uncontrollabe 
@YikesYahooYum I just can't. I've been trying. But my insomnia's been kicking in full force again. 
@nooneai one dose at half the mg he waned to give me. 1/4 normal dosage. 
@KameronKhaos so do smokers. it's a bad habit kameron. i don't like it  smelly smokerrrr.
@Latreveherdon I think her allergies are really messing her making her have a cold or turning into one 
@mothermeganrock  side affects of IVIG cause headache &amp; nasuea. on meds for both but she's outta commission for today 
MASSIVE toothache 
I think I have got mild toncilitis... 
that boredom.  I miss hush 
@sketchingvenus I'm so sorry!  are there any meds he can take?
@Amrix lol havent worked that bit out yet - also wasnt allowed to take pics of performance  - its worth going to see it!
Alzheimer-grandma is depressing. 
f all these pills  I don't want a dependency ._.
I poisoned myself last nite smh. I drank some tea last nite right b4 i went to sleep...but didn't no it had Caffeine in it. Barely slept 
My allergies are so bad I can't even think straight. This is miserable. 
Asthma creeping up  falling sick ohno!
really really really doesnt like hayfever 
My finger hurts so bad where I burnt it oooooomg I am gonna need Aleve badly  ow
I wish Mucinex-D actually did what it says it does 
I have such a bad migraine 
@LFTD fuck you  I don't do drugs.
@mollyis I'm going briefly with @bbretterson, but prolly not staying long due to bronchitis 
i hate acne 
I'm tired, last week in school starts tomorrow. SAD! 
@b_barney me too *yawn i'm developing insomnia 
@tehpooki3 unfortunately not   add and a migraine aren't a good mix
@treblah That was a horrible thing disney/pixar did  You go expecting to see a hilarious movie and the first 20 minutes are like SAD
I feel like I need a Caffeine-aholic Annymous meeting after I leave AA. 
@JonathanRKnight maybe a better option for you would be benadryl.. If you don't need the Tylenol part. It's super bad for your liver 
is totally relying on the TENS machine to un-freeze my neck and shoulder.   
@jamiepotter It's not doing much for me on paracetamol 
Under a Migraine attack    
Now I have conjunctivitis 
Suffering from a migraine. 
@chechunor the bad cough 
@miamii, imagine me thinking you were fat though. PAH no way. I said i'm getting fatter 
got to put cream on for the first time in friggin years cos my Eczema's back. great 
Really terrible jetlag: tired but not sleepy. 
Feeling strangely ready and raring for the week ahead after my OCD like weekend. Unfortunately a grump-fest for the family though 
My allergies are making me miserable 
@michaelGGATA they're delicious and they work. Vitamin water always makes my tummy hurt 
Wow my allergies are out of control. Zyrtec and other OTC meds aren't working 
@_vio_ @lutfisk welcome to my world! Insomnia means I usually don't manage to sleep until around 3 or 4am most nights 
I think I took a paracetamol over dose so I'm finding it hard to sleep 
@ucmytwitts How very SAD 
has the worst migraine EVER! 
Migraine gone going out to eat my first meal today! Missed our first church  serveolution 
I wish I were doing something productive, but I'm too busy lying down so my heart doesn't end up exploding. Caffeine has betrayed me. 
Ughhhhh allergies are still giving me the blues 
allergies are NOT cool 
@Seorse lol. It's one of those headaches that I know if I don't take care if it, it'll be a migraine soon 
severe case of procrastination going on here 
down with the worst batch of hayfever that i have ever had 
@ladylikepunk But no free meds though it seems  Lets just set out on our own.
Asthma is kickin in a little with this cold  my inhaler is at home in different purse 
I'm only missing flair pens. Then I have 2 promise myself no more writing pens til they're all gone.  trying 2 learn self control no OCD
My jaw hurts!  where my drogas at? I need Asprin ASAP!
I really think I'm sick rather than just having allergies 
@RSD_Sufferer that really sucks, nothing worse than not feeling safe- hope they will at least lock up for you! 
I'm so hungry, being on a diet sucks 
@drewscandi It's spelled Vicodin...sorry I'm a true addict 
I just wish this insomnia would leave me already and let me sleep!! 
i hate insomnia 
@kristin_rinaldi  why are u having lots of needles stuck in u? Allergy poke test?
@stepheezy on that caffeine tip cuz of the insomnia? 
@blahangel sadly celiac disease is not an allergy, and it's not possible to overcome it.  maybe someday they'll have a cure, but not yet!
the graduation episodes on laguna beach are always so SAD 
Still fighting with my conjunctivitis. 
yay for antibiotics 
@rob_fitzpatrick Nolans = Rebels Without A Menopause 
is getting slightly annoyed with the 3am hayfever symptoms now 
Insomnia is not fun 
Is getting seriously fed up with hayfever 
is on the Lemsip again 
praying .... for colon cancer to go away so i can go back to work 
I hate insomnia and stress  
suffering from hayfever 
#iremember the school playing that Vitamin C song on the last day every year. (as we go on..we remember..all the times we..had together) 
Neurovegetative dystonia symptomes again. 
suffering from hayfever.... 
Debilitated by death of laptop, refamiliarising myself with pen and paper 
fuck this PMS I just feel so emo for no reason 
cursed pharyngitis!... 
Sneezing   Eyes itchy   Hayfever when I'm in the house? 
' GERD is acting up.  fml.
@softthistle I can't take tablets at all! 
@kanika1386 i seem to have all the symptoms of it! 
insomnia i hate you 
hayfever is actually killinggg me 
has got a migraine 
@DJSMOOK feel better.. didn't know you were ill  Nyquil hits spot hopefully..Rest my friend rest
morning yallll im gonna be really REALLY SAD today 
headache  need to go on a diet.
oooo i really need to kick the caffiene addiction 
dammit  to hell, I never got rob thomas tickets for tonight      SSSSSOOOOO SAD!
I need to eat... blood sugar levels feel dangerously low... flu meds take all the fun out of life 
3 day headache and Tylenol doesn't do shit...How I miss Advil 
damn...i feel a migraine coming 
You need to sleep, or you having issue sleeping, take 2 Benadryl - Allergy pills. Gees never again I'm still half awake 
I dreamt that Adrian was not well after much substance abuse 
@JaseFace1  I would offer you a temple rub and some Aleve but we are in different time zones.
Just been asleep for over an hour. Fibromyalgia strikes again 
@sleary  Claritin is my biggest insomnia trigger 
Has been under stress. PMS, &amp; Hayfever.  I cba for skool..and i feel mega unloved..everyones badddd.
ugh! i hate having allergies 
@thatgirlallie @rhfmatt I can only wear them when I have contacts on  I should get LASIK
A dr who specializes in respiratory is giving her breathing treatments again, the dr is going to decide if she needs more steroid shots 
i hate stomachaches!!! 
@ddlovato know how you feel gurl! I got diagnosed with acid reflux a month ago. i have to follow guidelines or i get massive heartburn 
@RichGurlDeedz see. U treat me like animal  lol
Insomnia........why me?  seriously cannot sleep
wuhaaa...deadly boredom 
It's so cold and im alone, and it's raining, it's so quiet. SAD 
@ahj   It is true ... i always know when there is a thunderstorm .. i get a migraine !! 
@bawnyebawn I woulda done! But my hayfever was rather bad so going outside wasn't an option  lol
@RSD_Sufferer aw im sorry!    wheres he goin?
I have a headache and it will not go away... am I that fat that two Tylenol won't do the trick anymore? 
I am really not feeling that well right now!!   I need some asprin!!!
@RayGarton I am sorry you did not sleep well   I took some vitamin b supplements so am full of piss and vinegar today
@chelseacriner http://twitpic.com/7hg32 - SAD 
Awakened by too much pain ... I need Tramadol badly.   
diarrhea again.. 
So twitter will be down later?!?! SAD 
3imaginarygirls - no cure!! we're doomed 
back from hospital, now I have to take like 5 different pills 
indefinitive pronouns compounds(?) WTF!!!1!11! 
@AerosolFiends lucky you! I would die for a Vicodin! Wisdom tooth is growing in 
really not liking this whole laryngitis thing 
it's been about 11 hours since I last took some Vicodin but I'm seriously hurting over here... I think I overdid it today. 
These migraines will not go away!! 
Despite water, food, fresh air and Tylenol my headache is now worse. 
@AshleyRose319 because i got a dui and im underage and the judge decided i should get 8 weeks random drug and alcohol test  im SO SAD!!!!
@AshleyRose319 because i got a dui and im underage, the judge decided i should get 8 weeks random drug and alcohol test  im SO SAD!!!!
@shostack  No meds to help out, or are they just not working?
@rainypixels but then the mold sufferers will be sneezing 
@kristinmadrigal ur trippin hahah we went to pf changes &amp; no doto  time to see katie fly away. SAD!
@ugvmebutrfls that's due to ulcerative colitis: the best diet ever!!!!   
@Rhian73 I'm getting vertigo very often now. I haven't been able to sleep because of it, can barely function. 
I feel a migraine coming on 
This is the most I have hurt after the injections. 
with insomnia...again 
::I feel a migraine coming on... going to take my Treximet and head to bed before it gets unbearable. 
trying so hard to fall asleep.... I need my NyQuil... 
damn ulcer again 
feeling so sorry for my little G and his bad eczema.  i wish i had it instead of him. 
Zicam fail. @rfoust is out finding takeout because I am sick on   vacation. 
Damnit courtney! wait we cant give each other any STDS we got all of the the last week of school 
@neenneen it's okay bb!  I stayed in there for a minute but got distracted by other online crap. I have ADD 
Is still absent coz of the worst hyperacidity ever. 
@jeremygonis I can't take Tylenol.  but it still made me laugh.
@lovestoned420 b/c of my PCOS treatments I have to stay outta the sun as much as I can. 
ADD and loneliness are kicking in, time for a solo night time bike ride 
What I thought was allergies seems to be turning into a nasty cold...loading up on the Zicam  
@fairyfindings The meds I'm taking right now make me dizzy too. But they are working otherwise. I have to get off them. 
Insomnia sucks....especially when I was tired only about 5-10 minutes ago...brain is working overtime....ack 
I feel terrible  i hate pills.
ugh!! what a migraine  *ouch*
is dealing with massively bad heartburn right now 
the respiratory system is so boring. 
don't know how to help my wife. migraine + nausea. 
Cholesterol went up again!  I guess I should be a vegetarian.
@cavalaxis need new migraine meds  melon baller will do nicely, tho'
Pancreatitis 
These allergies are keeping me up 
Suffering the consequences of insomnia 
having a bout of insomnia.. 
i'm sick of being controlled by my social phobia 
My stepmoms dad is in the last stages of Alzheimer's and he's not doing good 
ahhhh, i need some stronger painkillers than ibuprofen.  i messed my back up...i'm sure my a.m. workout didn't help it any  double 
Walking to school, just had my dose of lung cancer this morning thanks to the smokers 
BLAHHHH hayfever tablets not working 
Insomnia is getting the best of me. I need my girlfriend 
I'm starting to get laptop withdrawal symptoms 
#iremember not having terrible hayfever 
Watching shows about people with OCD always upsets me because I fear my anxiety disorder will one day reach that point 
Medicating myself, I hate colds 
Insomnia? I think so.... 
I have insomnia.  i can't sleep!
ugh...and I have massive heartburn again...time to eat Tums like their candy lol yuck! 
is feeling very poorly today with his IBS really getting him down 
anxiety, insomnia, nausea... what is wrong with me?  fml
Laying down, can't sleep.  heartburn oww..
OH: anxiety, insomnia, nausea... what is wrong with me?  fml http://tinyurl.com/mgltsu
Melatonin is not working tonight, and i am out of ambien 
@mandersonnz I already gave you my cure and you didn't listed... 
@joienesque i've had stomach ulcers since i was 8 
just after my migraine stats to subside i inadvertantly eat cheese. This won't end well 
I have a migraine  going to try and stick it out at work, taken my migraine meds so it should go off. I'm just taking it easy.
@Robjay55 meanie! I'm exhausted   you always get anal glaucoma and I can't get it just once. smh.
antibiotics making me siiiiiick! 
The taste of medicines is refusing to go..! 
&quot;There is no cure for Atopic Eczema, and its causes not well understood.&quot; Guess I'll have to live with it forever now 
arggggghhh my hayfever is sooooo bad 
's hubby has severe bronchitis, possibly pneumonia.  
Migraine caused by wisdom teeth.  I need cuddles.
my allergies are killing me! I wish it would go away already 
I need some coffee or Tylenol 
@roxziechick23 No, they are stupid meds. 
 I forgot to bring my new Allegra D 12 hour to work today... so Singulair and I are flying solo today! 
Ugh!!! I have acid reflux, and it's pissing me off!!! 
@minihpluver No I haven't but I'm going to sleep now I think. I have some more tablets to take 
allergies again? 
Rejection comes in many forms and I guess I need to swallow the pill. 
@LucasSchmitt 	I know, but I have insomnia. 
Migraine coming...  hanging in there...waiting on meds
bilang insomnia again......  http://plurk.com/p/11e5mq
@Saroyel I've taken my migraine meds, and have the icepack, but it's not going away 
@heidipena You have migraine too?  Thankfully I don't get it so much anymore, but I'm totally out of it when it hits me..
@luckeyme #TUMT will miss you 
I'm kind of sad about the Zicam thing...   It got rid of a couple colds really fast for me. I can definitely still smell though!!
I'm so tired but my own cough is keeping me awake! So stupid 
@inedia_bella thanks. I had been on Paxil but switched bc that seemed to lose it's effectivness 
Not well guys, any remedies  ? 
FDA orders  Zicam be pulled from store shelves 
@josephcolon seriously?  Zicam nasal spray is the best!  Of course it would ruin your nose 
My toddler hasn't pooped in a week   Anyone have a good natural constipation remedy that works fast?
@20_09 i hope he gets better o cure soon inshallah 
@DDUBzLveableLeo I have to call my doctor &amp; get new meds..my migraines are 90% food, but 10% that always gets me is barometric pressure 
i still have a toothache....booooooooooo 
Caffeine makes me so sick. I always go to the bathroom many times when I drink anything that contains   caffeine... 
early shoot later but sleep evades me. i wish i still had sleeping pills 
Also, I'm ranting. But as I said earlier; PMS. I feel as stable as Francium. 
Kids + allergies =  Luckily we got some good meds from his pediatrician this AM and he is already starting to feel better.
My head hurts.  And there's no more Excedrin.   #fb
@julie_luck and I think I've given your some before LoL I liked Zicam 
laying in bed w toothache and backpain 
hates fucking hayfever and feels shite 
this cough kills 
Allergies acting up!!! 
ugh. cat vomiting. 
I hate asthma 
Not feeling well from IBS again. 
I am quite sure I have an eating disorder, I just can't stop eating and I'm always hungry. I'm getting really worried 
Not feeling so hawt. Cough + a 102 temp  What' the best OTC med?
Biking in dt + allergies + smokers next to bike racks = ow my bronchioles 
so this is what a migrane feels like 
tiredness, kills my happines. 
This migraine is kicking my *ss. 
@david_wiggs Jiminy, Zicam was my homeopathic of choice, too! 
FDA: Consumers should stop using Zicam Cold Remedy nasal gel, etc,immediately. Can cause permanent loss of smell. WOW, I use that stuff. 
starting to get a headache...first one in a while now...and I forgot to buy Advil 
OCD attack  this is gay.
@mlbarnes2009 yes come visit!! Migraine is inching back b/c of kid 
Glucose makes me feel so bad 
headache, headache, headache! not allowed to take pills 
I just tried to sleep,this insomnia is getting ridiculous now 
@Jazifer Cookies are in the kitchen, dont feel like crawling over there right now, and I only have Aleve, no other pain killers  need some
Is miserable with tonsilitis 
...i don't think my allergy meds are working. 
@ChristaOrsino - I'm so tired but so wired. I hate insomnia 
The colorful pills made me sleepy.  Now I cant sleep! 
@jamis12 I have a migraine  I slept for awhile before so now I'm awake... will be going in a few!
I must be immune to sleep meds... *yawn* 
taking my meds right now 
I think i'm suffering from insomnia 
I'm having a light asthma attack 
it's so rainy. i have colds already. 
Migraine  and trying to studying for my midterm tomorrow...
NyQuil-ing it up before bed... I hate feeling crappy 
I feel like a smoker right now. 
@LoriMoreno dunno if you saw my msgs to others, but I'm fighting a *wicked* sinus infection right now.  but I have antibiotics finally
@BrentSpiner FDA warns Zicam can damage sense of smell: http://tinyurl.com/lybbux No joke 
Depression is so hard......i just sat her and ate a full plate of mac and cheese with some mashed potatoes! Depression go away by friday 
@RSD_Sufferer missed talking with you today  hope you are doing okay!
What a horrible effect (loss of smell) the users of Zicam have.  
oh, Insomnia - verily you do suck  
@carlienorris i have a migraine  gahh. It hurts
is wondering when this insomnia will pass?! 
whutchu get when you mix gelato and omg that reminds me how bad my SAD is wif ma dog! 
Berocca time i think. shouldn't be drinking on a school night 
@MetalGeorge   Sounds like Tinnitus, caught early it's treatable, alas mine is too far gone  18 years of loud music has taken it's toll!
Late night heartburn makes bounty stakeouts difficult... 
is very, very sad &amp; dosen't know what to do anymore 
It makes you EVEN MORE prone to the disease 
I hate insomnia..... 
Now I'm having a serious migraine.  Thanks for the choco overload. 
@jorowleywt4 We have stocks of industrial strength aspirin for that very purpose 
I need Advil ASAP! 
bronchitis and flu.. grrrreat.  so miserable 
@michellet25 I suffer from insomnia 
withdrawal symptoms 
@sulphate   
allergies ain't doin' so hot recently 
@celebsisters I hate taking anything.  But I haven't tried Zyrtec yet.
I have a killer headache - does anyone have any suggestions of how to get rid of it? Paracetamol hasn't worked 
Ouch! I really don't like having injections 
@funkydoolah aww.. i think i hav a migrane which is not shifting 
the caffeine didn't work, I'm still tired 
dropped off at PLMS for the last time  One in high school and one in college - where does the time go?
1 bottle of red wine + Listerine rinse before bed + sleeping next to the open window = sore/scratchy throat. 
@myrios new meds usually do that.  I tend to dislike changing or adding meds. 
F-ing allergies!!! I can't breathe 
i am on sofa with a migraine, 
Already shaking from too much caffeine  at Edmonds beach thinking and reading.
@jpippert Had planned to, but if this migraine doesn't go away, I shall not be going  You?
There must be a storm coming, suddenly feeling a massive head ache. Paracetamol required. 
has a swollen cheek....damn wisdom tooth!  Antibiotics make me too sleeeppyy....zzzzzz
@gingela5 Benadryl, holistic allergy tablets, hot spot sprays, ointments, and wiping down after being outside! I hate doggie allergies 
@MyOpenWallet is it just the spray or is is all Zicam!  I swear by the chewables!! 
My TMJ is acting up again...    The non-stop headaches suck.
Ugh now i have Heartburn ... 
need a nicotine fix soon 
Common cold defeats Zicam    http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/17/health/policy/17nasal.html?_r=2&amp;hp=&amp;pagewanted=print
getting another migraine 
off to work i go, allergies are making me miserable and medicine is making me sleepy. 
@KampieOshun Haha, I haven't been doing shit like that. :3 I'm too lazy. I'm taking two diet pills and an acne pill that makes me puke. 
I liked Zicam. 
Tula's sick! Nausious, Nasal congestion, headache, bodyaches and my nose is running a marathon. Theraflu please help 
@mattgarner malaria tablets suck 
boredom really sucks 
I have the worst heartburn 
@GallagherMeow will 30 mg's of Zoloft do? I am also feeling SAD 
Having the worse fucking migraine right now 
ugh i think my allergies are acting up! 
awww which1 of my twiggaz would like to get me a extra strength tylenol.... 
@amputette now it's my turn to need hugs  and prescription painkillers.
Relaxin at home after a stressful doctor apt 
I'm abt to put another TheraFlu strip on my tongue. I shld b sleep w/i the hr. These cold symptoms shld b gone in time 4 Jide's funeral 
@kizat That doesn't sound good.  What are the steroids for?
Not feeling too good, seriously thought my allergies were just going crazy, but now feel puny 
@BlckSuccess I'm bac to depression mode 
I feel horrible I hope i'm not getting sick. I've had this terrible headache since last night that Tylenol isn't fixing. Neither is soup 
Stressing over my stupid NuvaRing....god damn it, can't I find a birth control that doesn't give me an undesirable side effect? 
@manicmother that should help tremendously.  Those drugs are terrible. 
has very low vitamin D 
@nattys dang. That probably means no endorphins either. 
Someone should call and talk me to sleep. Nyquil, jonathan, and lea aren't working for me right now 
still haven't slept  insomnia grrrr
I think i'm suffering from insomnia! I can't sleeep at all, walao! 
Tonsillitis sucks.....  i feel gross
Gots the bronchitis 
I am SO bummed that my insurance limits my Maxalt intake  
@jeanniffer I know  I want drugs! hahaha
why am i always listening to it? it's like a drug 
Just woke up from a nap. Insomnia, here I come. 
Oh my god... Theraflu = grossest shit ever.. it's making me feel even more sick 
@namralkeeg  why r u on all of it them? need to be? stupid drugs
I hateeeeee stomachaches 
drinking my medicines 
it's weird. I've been feeling tired and dizzy since I took some pills...I guess it's quite different from steroid pills for athletes. 
in bed. Hayfever  what to doo today. I want my exams over so I can go out! Two more left :-D
@mswilliamsmusic benadryl aww 
boo antibiotics while in paris 
Ffffuuuuccckkk heartburn when I'm trying to sleep. 
#ivf means i have to take antibiotics before ceri's procedure... they give me indigestion 
@peterdonald I am going to be rattling! Thyroid on margins of low as well :S I feel a total wreck 
I have conjunctivitis    It's extremely painful.
@celinehlbk I hope all goes well with the doc! I have severe allergies myself so I can relate 
@amylong I have astigmatism and -6.5 prescription. 
@sthrnfairytale   I will... I hate cancer!
trying to clean up the mess i made on monday. i had no idea coming off my ADD medication would make me lose my damn mind the way it did! 
@RichieNickel i had to sell my #92  i had a horrible allergic reaction to it
has to take antibiotics now...  #fb
god I hate sneezing... damn allergies .. 
this army called pollen is trying to kill me  lol my hayfever is sooooo bad!
this army called pollen is trying to kill me  my hayfever is sooooo bad helppppp! lol
my new medication should have put me to sleep by now but it hasn't 
Tylenol Sinus formula not helping the headache nor the sinuses today 
martha has lyme disease 
is sad that they're taking her Zicam away.  
@kinderlola I'm thinking of having myself tested. Not rlly naman being a paranoid, bt I got coughs &amp; colds since yday, &amp; bro has fever n. 
sitting in my room. SAD  
feel weak from this wk's illness and i think im having lucozade and milk withdrawl symptoms 
i want my ulcer to heal,too 
I'm stuk in tha place, again, where EVERYTHING goes wrong. It won't stop rain'g &amp; tha doesn't help. I need my Vitamin D from the sun! 
hello Antibiotics 
@Seven0hThree i totally would, but I'm on a diet 
I've got laryngitis 
@FckThsTen do you really have cancer? 
@Ecomomwannabe son has severe allergy to peanuts 
I feel a migraine coming on... 
is wondering if endometriosis is a progressive disease, if it was caught sooner would my fertility be better? 10 yrs for diagnosis 
I think that i might be getting a migraine. 
@willguyatt The U21s, which I'm watching, is also dull. As substitute fixes go, it's no methadone. 
@LMFAOWUT But I don't have an inhaler either. I ran out of prescription. 
@NitLife Sounds like you're really ruffing it today  Are the gluten-free cookies any good? R u Celiac or allergic to gluten?
@nickjonas Can anyone tell me how I can find out if I have diabetes??? my mum said I have all the symptoms...  I don't want that!!!
i have real bad toothache and it sucks to shiz. 
@Allyfan i know...i just read some of them. so SAD. so many people suffering  how can someone be so insensitive right? huh....
@athletetraining I can't do any of the gels, they all make me gag 
ain't no cure for the summertime blues 
AND our principal is retiring...he has cancer. 
@lejonprime Diabeetus is different than real diabetes... He gave them to me, too. 
My mom in law has Alzheimer's n today's one of those not-so-good days.  Just found her outside in rain looking for her deceased husband 
@jaymelyn525 so so I always get a migraine after the opticians 
boooo  i have bronchitis
@serious_skeptic sadly happens to my nurse about twice per year. RYGB causes calcium &amp; oxalate malabsorbtion, thus...stones 
I look like I have psoriasis or eczema on my shoulder. 
@wormdance really sorry for my disability to help you 
the cure - lovesong viciei 
Nyquil coma time again! 
progresso soup contains 200 calories, but 950 mg of sodium. they always find a way to fuck you over. ugh... walking it off. 
Right on cue... Heartburn. With no Gaviscon = a very bad night ahead for me 
how do you know if you've got tonsillitis? 
@jimbulian what are your symptoms? 
I have a smokers cough 
@turnofautumn *gives you lots of aspirin because it looks like you may need it* 
@BookishRuth sorry to hear you have shingles.  Haven't had it, but hear it's horrid.   Hugs!
waiting for this migraine to go away. why oh why must you plague me like this, migraines! 
has the worst migraine ever 
@RealAudreyKitch I had my 2nd Gardasil shot. 
little face has allergies 
is not feeling well. darn asthma. 
I want to drink my wine and play my LittleBigPlanet. Antibiotics are destroying my loner habits. 
I have the worst migraine ever i took medicine and its not working 
Dehydration is in effect. 
@jonbongato i freakin love that movie!!! the beggining was SO SAD 
Dammit. If I'm awake right now, I'm gonna be awake for the next several hours. Why do I have to be allergic to Ambien? 
is SAD...  
fever still going up.  tylenol not helping.  
at walgreens buying some medicine. not feeling to good 
#inaperfectworld i wouldn't suffer from insomnia 
@nickjonas I missed it   I admire that you are such an advocate for those with diabetes!!
I hate insomnia 
Tachycardia again today. Still hasn't stopped. 
Ah, suddenly I can feel the bitter of those medicines. 
nargh my back hurts again  /pops some Ibuprofen
@TechBabe Studies show Airborne does NADA. Oh, and Zicam, has been recalled by the FDA. It permanently has destroyed ppls sense of smell. 
I'm having withdrawal symptoms now 
These new medications are making me incredibly sick. I can't stop shaking. 
I decided I'm going on a diet! I need to lose my big belly fat 
too much caffeine &amp; stress overriding the effects of neurontin 
tired and oh i missed school today. SAD 
I have insomnia!!!! I can't sleep 
@tophatdog  you have her on a special diet?
@martieee18 Imdur or Isordil, please. HPN mode talaga. :| *HUG* I miss you more. 
insomnia = me right now  
I'm really tired and I feel a little bad because of my allergy  Gnite!!!
@LibGlay I can't sleep  I'm still running on your time! Yaz made meh stay up til 3 every morn..but its ok cause wed be rocking out 2 drew!
@grapefruits I took tylenol pm because it looks like i'm getting insomnia again and i thought i got over it 2 weeks ago, so 
i really wish this migrane would go away 
I just got the worse migraine! 
Fighting Insomnia... And losing 
being nicotine free has made me quite grouchy! 
@RSD_Sufferer sorry im in same boat but i decided 2 clean bad idea  i got hurt during mrh &amp; i didnt know
Insomnia sucks.  
Insomnia...awesome 
I really need sleeping aids... Insomnia + facebook + feeling like shit = not good times. 
It's almost 4:00 am, but I can't sleep worried about my 16 year old 2nd cousin that tryed killing himself by overdosing 30 ADHD pills ! 
bored with insomnia.....again 
Tonsillitis again? This is the 3rd time in2 weeks but also the worst one, head and neck ache and everything 
Still got a migraine  that a 3 day migraine now I hate it !!
ah tiredness is taking over...   
@marielmilo I have colds, headache and sore throat. 
@kilesa it subsides and comes back again. so fickle! irritating siaaaaa  like i have disease
@Fabviid I won't! Zycam never works. I've been taking Tylenol cold/cough. I can't get sick!!!! 
i have a toothache  awww
3rd emergency dental appointment, nerve removed, now on strongest pain killers known to man.  Oral surgeon to extract on tuesday  #fb
@serenetan Don't become an addict! 
Wishes I had a homing device for my eye glasses this morning! Prescription sunglasses aren't going to help me in the office! 
wow tylenol really works, and studying, its... not fun 
aw. i've got a bad cough. 
has really bad allergies 
crew is over  &quot;camp rules start now!&quot; SAD!
i have laryngitis 
dosen't feel good at all  
Sorbitol in my cough syrup causes loose bowels. 
River is sick AGAIN, though not quite as bad as last week &amp; Tylenol is kicking in. No gym for me  but I do get lots of baby snuggles !
@Jessicaveronica ooh !! i don't like to see you not happy  ...i'm really SAD right now !!
@motheronabrooms sorry to hear about your allergies... mine have been bothering me too 
@MystaKool no i don't have the Hots for anyone  .... The realization makes me SAD .. :'(
@kellsiea Haha[: I tried! But I think I have insomnia or something. 
@MISSxSONYA Excedrin Migraine next time!! Trust me, I get those all the time. I feel your pain!! 
@PlayMyShhh when did yall have GOODZ on PMS.  what are you making me 
my hayfever is bang out 
is it really friday today? Where did the week go? That what happends when you have surgery and are pumped full of Morphine and demerol 
@gourmetdancer it's meds I'm out of. 
is feeling icky. this new diet just isn't fun. 
I am unable to get enough caffeine into my system without becoming too wired.   How much caffeine is too much?
Today is a SAD day, one of my fav resturants is closed 
No spray tan for me because of acne medication 
@CityGirl912 I can't take Benadryl, unfortunately. I have bad asthma and it causes my chest to tighten up something horrible. 
Just a thought,with all the crazy FDA approved over the counter drugs why aren't antibiotics otc? I have an earache 
Too much caffeine. Now I can't chill. 
...recovering from being sickies 
@kimkardsashian awww you feel sickies, i was expecting to see you tonight 
@yelyahwilliams I have sinusitis :S 
@AngieZherself From all I know about what's going on, I wouldn't be surprised to hear he died of an overdose soon. It makes me so sad. 
Insomnia, too hot 
another migraine 
@mrskutcher Oral surgeons suck, I'll be impersonating you very soon..  
gee , somehow, someway, I have caight a nasty cold ? No antique show for me tomorrow  Nyquil tonight 
@alyseegs I had the migraine long before eating the cookie. 
wishing there was a cure for cancer already. 
watching smackdown and finally back &quot;home&quot;...gotta go back up 2 hours 2moro though...SAD  
@rvj5234 I can't believe my shows are over. Depression is starting to set in 
REALLY SAD!                can anyone help me ?    paris
i have the worst heartburn! 
#dontyouhate living with herpes 
ugh to shortness of breathe and nausea 
@hollywilli you are such a hypochondriac lol .. take one of Mellies nausea pills ...  poor holly 
But I think she has dropsy  I don't want to subject any other fish to what she has, and yet I'd love to preserve her genes.
no more redoxon for me-fatigue and insomnia I do not like 
I agree...stupid tiredness 
now my allergic symptoms is so serious 
I think I have arachnophobia and arachnophelia 
I don't want fucking acne. 
ugh...eating disorders suck ass!!!! why do I have bulimia for 7 years now?? it comes and goes, but never disappears forever..  
I think I should start up on Zoloft...like right now 
Has got very bad hayfever and didn't sleep well 
My iron supplements make me nauseous 
Getting even more sick  damn.. I'm now addicted to Tylenol..
@HarryHermionelv awww  do you really take nerve pills?
.@dymphnasis Only way I know of to make kids OCD is to abuse them, but that has a large number of undesirable side effects. 
I still have my migraine. 
I haaattte hayfever. Piriton, claritin and antihistamines seem to not make any difference 
@SarahSaner Sounds like you have Hayfever dear ! 
@staceyyhoward aww no  *strokes* and you still obsessed with Friends? =P
i think i have bronchitis again 
@superlative Prescription pill fail  lie down and I'll rub your tummy instead #warmhands
Insomnia makes a person hate singing birds. And that's just not nice. 
@SLotH13 true blue insomnia I have 
@Gianuario dementia and cancer  i feel so bad for him and my grandmother &lt;3
how bad it is to feel you have asthma? believe me it's bad 
Insomnia and a panic attack, today is going to be a terrible day for me... 
trying to get over my hayfever... 
I feel like i'm hungover. I hate meds 
My allergic rhinitis gotten worse... 
hates seasonal allergies!!!! *sneezes*    
Insomnia  . I did not sleep
@rffyid huuwwwat? that's so SAD..i empathize... 
@BreeDarling  Woof, woof....woof arf woof ork woof Mucinex.  -that was &quot;bark&quot; for  I'm sorry baby I hope you feel better after the Mucinex
@alderina : I don't know. PMS thingy, I guess  *hugs back*
@taylorswift13 thought the tickets went up tomorrow, all the good stuff has gone... SAD 
@taylorswift13  thought the tickets to wembley went up tomorrow, all the good stuff has gone... SAD 
Note to self, don't forget to give ADHD meds to ADHD child before taking in public!  
I hate not being able to easily take pills. I have to trick myself into swallowing them 
My diet is officialii ruined 
Holy shifting gears!  Nausea out of no where 
Its official. I'm sickies! 
Heartburn sucks... 
@kirstiealley The transmission lines can be as close as 15 ft. from our homes. It causes all kinds of illnesses in kids. Leukemia, exct. 
sitting in jcmc with diabetes 
Ack! I've had cramps for the past 12 hours. it's got to be an IBS attack 
Is awake now. I still have my migraine. 
Trying to control my allergies! 
blaming the hormones.... 
my inhaler ran out. my lungs hurt  anyone have albuterol they're willing to part with? i can has breathing?
But for realsss, I do feel like vomiting 
@Voodoobatty I already knew how far it had fallen so I was prepared for the depression. 
Seems unfair that I love thunderstorms but they trigger my migraines. 
@CdnCowgirl you've got allergies too?? oh no.. 
Bleurgh. Illnesses definitely acting up. Probably gonna go flump all over friends soon 
I frickin hate hayfever.... ugh...... 
has a little boy with a fever - started last night before dinner   Tylenol is our friend today...
Just woke up. Gonna go take some more Maalox. Uggghhh... I hate this stinkin' GERD! 
@ChumpKillah85 I was having ry bad asthma so couldn't sleep! 
I obstructive bronchitis 
I have severe Defqon depression 
Has cookie dough poisoning! 
Massive hayfever attack!!  whattttttttt
apparently listening to @jdfitzgerald, @decob, @susipoo and mrs@jdfitzgerald playing singstar does not cure migraines 
OCD worries extremely high today 
@pneumo22  dang. what are you going to do now?
#FAIL #SAD   I cannot believe I share a gene pool with @rocky69rhodes
@whskr I hope you feel better soon. Colds are no fun. 
Insomnia again  http://tinyurl.com/6m6b4h
I dont really like that @4dbling does heroin. It makes me sad 
@Twisuz I think my 3 year old is having an alergic reaction to the life vest he wore all day yesterday   trying Benedryl and cortisone
Cant find heating pad + allergy to Ibuprofen = little/no back pain relief  Tylenol useless &amp; 2 many calories 2 use beer for pain! Lol
asthma is acting up 
pissed off with people walking into house late and noisy and turning lights etc on. Migraines argh.  worried about how am gonna do it all
@mstse I have insomnia. 
is trying to fend off an oncoming migraine with nothing but Tylenol 
misses my daily dose of caffeine 
@vickytnz I've tried dressing gowns... I find them too heavy  and also I'm OCD with washing things and they take ages to dry....
Fucking Migraine!  the worrsstt!
I may start getting grumpy soon. Ah, hypoglycemia. How I loathe you. 
Wow children are so precious, sometimes there words can make one SAD! 
migraine from hell.  going to bed 
my toothache is officially unbearable!! i want to cry it hurts sooo bad!! 
I'm trying to sleep, but my muscles are aching. I took some Advil and Tylenol, so I should be good soon. I had too much caffeine, too. 
Loritab for the shoulder, and I'm off to bed.  
Another hanfull of pills, still have horrid toothache 
this dizziness is making me go craaaaazy 
didn't do the LSD run as planned as its been raining all day! So sad 
5 am n not asleep.Depression is a hell of a thing. really think i took on too much for the summer n its a struggle to complete them all 
Ugh, insomnia again! 
has a bad cough 
I hate insomnia 
the worst migrane I've ever had  
insomnia is coming back. 
Feeling quite sick at the moment; running on Advil. 
@RandyInman thanks randy - ADD setting in today, I'm all over the internet here  need to do some writing for blog 
migraine will not go away 
@doowop56 that's unpleasant, they have mercury in them so I felt like a hypochondriac thinking I might have mercury poisoning 
@dreamincupcakes I'm alright - still waiting on a couple of grad placements 2 get back 2 me. Hayfever been a nightmare the last few weeks 
Not positive for strep but I have all the signs/symptoms. Antibiotics prescribed. Pharmacy closed. 
Allergies, allergies... go away, come again another day. 
woke up with a migraine, ders no Advil/Tylenol  in d house. 
@dotdotcurveXD i know how you feel i have an excruciating migraine  *Anabehibak*
@Jasonkhaleel my hayfever is soo bad today -- i cant even take meds for it   
Trying to get rid of this migraine 
my cough is getting so bad 
I need my red panadol soo badly 
I've just taking some allergy tablets...my nose is itchy &amp; i can't take it anymore lol!! 
@exlibris I have Crohn's too. Left me cripple for a few years. 
sitting havin a painkiller, yet another migraine 
@vinnipukh I just found out I've developed Hayfever, which is why I wasn't well while I was down 
@McSkins - I haven't slept properly in like a week  Insomnia isn't fun :'(
is recovering from a migraine 
I'm so afraid that I might  have cancer.  
the great depression 
@FuckSp The crime rate always go up when the sun come out...SAD!!! 
Is gutted that she missed boyzone due to Kylas migraine 
I didn't realize until today how close RSD and Fibromyalgia are! 
O no I have a migrane and throwing up! 
@mingerschlag except lactose intolerance 
I need to take 4 kinds of meds now... I have a sinus infection, apparently. 
clearly milk and antibiotics dont mix well ugh  http://plurk.com/p/132kjt
@rickoshea @justinparks I forgot to take my schitzo pills again ... 
@tjt72 ok my hayfever is playing up again bad 
waiting for my car gosh taking forever! I hate this day! It hasn't been going good for me ughhh! SAD 
@lauralovesart I hope he gets better quickly! UTIs are no fun 
damn i got a toothache 
Crohns hitting me hard the past couple weeks   I need IBD friends on twitter so if you see this follow me so we can talk about issues.
@bangaysiso I'm SO SAD TOOOO!!! I hope that once their contract is over, the show will be too. Then they can work things out. 
i has the sickies. 
i need to start taking vitamins or something...i feel so weak 
@thefakecamillab bulimia? 
Going Neosporin crazy!!! I found some unexplained scratches on my leg. &amp; they hurt like hell. 
ahhhh it's so early i finally fell asleep at 3, i think i have insomnia 
@mommytaco Thanks, I hope so too!  Migraines are the worst.  
is full of hayfever 
I hate Hayfever 
feeling a little unwell  http://www.yogajournal.com/health/ayurveda know what your dosha is? I'm a vata
Needs some allergy medicine. 
Coping with pharyngitis and its not nice 
I think I'm getting a migraine 
Gardasil ow ow ow 
I have a toothache 
this cough is killing meeeeeeeeeeee 
has had a migraine all morning. 
If there are any christian women struggling with menopausal depression or other symptoms(emotional) I'd love to get some advice!!! 
@koalastar  did they give you antiobiotics?
@CalliCoop What the hell why did u unfollow me ? what did i say to offend u? im SAD  u were 1 of my first peeps on here 
i neeeeed antibiotics not antihistamines................stupid doctor!!!! 
hayfever is NOT win. 
Wish cancer didnt exist  !!
A migraine &amp; tonsillitis again- why is it that I have colds/migraines/tonsillitis so often? Off to bed eventhough I've slept all day 
Asthma fails i cant stop wheezing 
i am now in hayfever mode 
@JunaidZA but then it's not pure protein 
@itsokaynicole But it's sunny out today  I just took some tylenol. It's starting to go away. Migraines turns a good day into a bad one.
#poopininthenoog i took some Imodium so i wouldn't have to poop in court. BUT, I had to poop in court and now I can't poop at all 
@eatonmatt You know me to well. A drink was my first thought... I went with the Ibuprofen instead! I didn't have limes 
I feel nauseated  Chantix is brutal !!!!!!!!!
I officially hate teething... 
ADD + all day lectures - internet = 2 days in...a not-so-happy place 
Taking my meds~so got to love allergies!! They are the best! 
Allergies go away  you make me cry!
Still feeling lousy - bad cold symptoms, woke up to a lovely hayfever &amp; paracetamol cocktail 
this cough is killing me 
Insomnia is taking over and i still feel sick 
I have a toothache 
@louisabouwer me too... i hate not being able to breathe like this! and it'll prolly mean steroids again 
trying to eat a smokie while suffering from TMJ is really painful 
@kaydence02 No, I'm just taking tylenol. Ibuprofen bothers my stomach, too acidy. I need more tylenol now, but dont feel like getting up. 
@vain_fortune I think I have insomnia 
Allergy meds make me trippy  and i still cant breathe
doesnt like nausea at all 
I have a toothache 
Is fed up of hayfever 
hate having hayfever 
@wanderblah ignore my question on account of severe sleep deprivation, lack of alcohol and workaholism lately 
asthma's really bad atm ahhhhhhhhhhh Invys so cold 
Head hurts... Tylenol pm ain't doing it's job either 
@JohnnyGWeir I wish you eat less coffee.  I am concerned about  your health. but I am coffee holic too. LOL   Caffeine so adictive 
I just ran out of caffeine fluid  What now?
Insomnia round 2 
this cough is keeeping me awake. 
my whole body is breaking down in bits and pieces - Paracetamol is useless 
searching the internet for advice on Depression, got a call from my dad, sitting at train station plucking up courage to jump under one! 
migraine againnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
Prescriptions for antidepressants leap 25% in 4 years  http://bit.ly/2fo2sv
has acute bronchitis. 
I wanted 2 go 2 sleep but this migraine is not playing fair! 
@papermelody she put me on them for Depression and Anxiety. I had a GREAT 6 months between july &amp; dec last year but since has worsened 
@rrrobertooo your insomnia is rampant 
@hexmurda yo I remember crying when I heard she died...Uteran cancer is sad 
I really want my results now, second years may have to wait, PAH 
 IT'S SO SAD
@aprilyim  I can't go anywhere with the shingles. Not fair!!!
@lilmissbossi I know  I was supposed to go with my bffbrother @jsu2 but this depression me esta matando
Diarrhea is not funny. 
my keyboard is all sticky from the spilt Morphine 
badly need to buy Avamys for my rhinitis. It's killing me 
I wish my toothache would go away. 
Getting well from bronchitis 
Serious depression mode right now   
is suffering from all this writing, writing, writing.  Fingers are curled into claws &amp; wrist is stiff &amp; swollen.  Pass the Aleve please.  
@sotodance I'm sorry friend  Excedrin Migraine - it works miracles!!
colds... ouch! 
Going to the doctors now.. Hayfever has taken over my life!! 
@CoffeeGeek can they do EEGs or fMRIs on dogs... cause that should seriously be looked into  glad she's feeling better tho
@habereet, my jaw. I have a severe case of TMJ that basically causes pain through my shoulder, neck and back--debilitating pain. 
@Storm_rider_uk Humira, yes. Not allowed in my province yet 
Just had 90 mins of CBT. Indulgent but neceesary. I've got a recording to listen back on 
Lying on the couch with a migraine 
I have dryballs (dry eyeballs) again today.  Where's my Systane??
I loathe the migraine club 
@Travismtv insomnia is the devil 
Oral test of english today 
@TechBabe I blame ADD... too many things happening for me to focus on catching you haha... ooh look something shiny 
@BlokesLib  hehehe NO, but I can relate to sloppy on these meds 
@ShannaMoakler I'm afraid to fly too. What do you do when you HAVE to? I usually pop ativan and valium. Or maybe Ambien.  Works ok!
@jordandossett tell me about it! we're going to try that PureSleep mouth piece on TV - will let you know if/how it works 
relaxin. 
@Dalevich my husband used Chantix. Smoking the patches didn't help 
so sick.  good thing I have Dayquil.  
amazed at how happy i've been since saturday. must be the sun. figure i have SAD - that would explain all this positivity! 
If you are interested in learning more about autism, searching for a cure, and the campaign, @autism151 is a great resource 
@ScotMcKay LOL, oxymoron ADHD and Yoga 
By @alipasha @oliverg man lernt ja nie aus #-humor #Depression #Therapie 
@tear96x I'm serious, you are some drugs 
@mlwt_lupus You can come plant one for me if you want   I want to, but just don't know when or how or what to do to begin 
@tabfurtado don't lie u wouldn't kno fractions even if u were not on cold meds  Dayquil has no alcohol in it yo I checked.
@careymariee lol okayyy.  ugh my allergies are baddd. Lol and I need to sneeze.
starting yet another addiction 
is becoming a twiiter addict too 
I should will all my online assets to a spammer so I can sell everyone Viagra from the grave 
progressive trance is the runrer's nicotine 
@oysteinhusby paracet and snus 
can't believe that his metabolism is speeding up 
@kosso cool, my treat 
@amyjfisher It's ok. I just had so many people and without Motrin, it was starting to really hurt! Just needed to call it an evening.  
watching Overdose...  and listening to music 
@BradHoward lol..I'll email you some Aleve 
insomnia but he's already sleep maybe 
@jsmithready Valium for furbabies!  Why didn't I thin of it?!!  Thanks! 
@sandraew - as an educator the basket cases or drug fkd are stress free - totally irresponsible and have extremely short term memory 
@kitcupcake lol I love your cures for the blues. They make me smile. 
insomnia.....(wheesung) 
@Wavness It's all good.  I have depression.. But i'll be good.
sleeping really does cure all evils  #fb
waking up at 6:50 is not what I had in mind. Caffeine, you are my best friend 
@mandiebear What's keeping you up? (And no, I am not going to say Viagra, you are so predictable) 
tj, google ADHD.u might qualify for that. 
@jennifermf :: Have you tried melatonin? It really helps me. 
@living_autism haha! That would be nastily processed 
another new placebo song 
In work. Extra hour in bed did me the world of good. That and Panadol 
@manduhhmarie i cant. im on a diet! so you can 
@potentiate THIS is why I need to get cable!  
@dbest1a @zanny007 better than having to resort to sleeping pills 
@CALpumper i think? that's funny...a new addiction 
@dannistclaire Steroids, not the other. 
insomnia, your best enemy 
http:?/?/?twitter.?com/?djbig_?s &lt;&lt;&lt; ADD ADD ADD !!!! 
@Animadi I love it when you get OCD. 
@aleeeeeex - I have a rather large addiction to Speedin' 
1 week off Entocort, and so far I feel fine   Next milestone: still feeling okay when I have my Remicade infusion in 3 weeks. #crohns
i dyed my hair blue and while it's pretty, i'm gonna be taking it out in a week.    i seriously have hairdye ADD.
@befabulousorg how do you figure the calories burned? I would like to figure it out with my weight 
@susan_adrian Advil+hot water=win.  And how could a chocolate party not be fab? I mean, it's _chocolate_. And I am soooo jealous!
Caffeine is my bff 
my family is ADD though we deny it. i used to but now i see it as a gift. i can keep myself entertained for hours or years.  
Just had lechon  cholesterol attack, but still so good.
@420thoughts Wow, if I take NyQuil it will not me out for half of day at least. I am weak when it comes to medicine 
walk for autism 
I love that  gaba jelly 
@DavidMRainwater I took some mineral oil last nite.  #constipation
@furuknap I have self-prescribed a single malt form of medication 
@stephenaevans I want to wake up not get a migraine 
I don't mean to belittle the power of extra strength Tylenol  ...but my body is awesome at recovering from a night out! I feel grrrreat!
..should point out that I've never given my sister's kids Ritalin (if only I could score me some...) 
@Ilkee the fobcure! cure all your ailments. regrows hair. 
@CamiMachler dude you are the best! just saved me from my boredom 
@OSA23 ah, well that is evident to everyone 
@tabloidterror Are u seriously going on a diet? But you look well on your avatar 
@cillian23[ DIVINE&lt;3 PLEASE ADD @weknowplato   @weknowplato You are too good to us.  ? http://blip.fm/~5ja71
@MisfitDior good morning misfit *passes you Tylenol* 
@Hyperopia afternoon! u've got a new pic, nice specs 
@Hyperopia feeling better now that it' breakfast time 
@Dameunited thanks well impressed it's much better than my last one ! must b the clean living + Gluten free lactose free food 
is maxin and relaxin... ahhh 
@insomnia I shall drink lots 
@davekennedy Wow, you might be countering the Benedryl with your enthusiasm. 
Relaxin after a fun day 
has cough and colds.. =(   harsh!!!  bwahehehe... 
@janine_j9 They're addictive J ... one leads to another ..then another... it's like drugs 
@willingthrall @SusanPowter I think an aspirin in the water works better.  
@Hyperopia i've done bugger all today! been lush!! 
discovered the best remedy for indigestion - haryana roadways 
@LouPimentel lol... riboflavin! you are quick and funny! 
Relaxin 
I'm not sick anymore! Just a few coughs here and there 
Going to bed. I have now finished my OCD routine and am winding down. 
@awesomeful Xanax is my lifesaver, tbh.  But don't abuse it.
http://twitpic.com/54zup - the alcoholism begins! 
@chloe_92x Lemsip and vodka does the trick 
@Sazchik that's why they try to give people like me Ritalin - strong stimulants have the opposite effect 
I almost forgot I had a Berocca this morning, then i peed 
 no Insomnia tonight!! yey!!
@it365 I like the Berocca advert 
Almost finished unfertility treatments 
@YourTherapist grateful for therapists with training in #PTSD who work with #trauma survivors 
@jfew are you bringing me a treat from there? 
@MrClickClick - I meannnn if that's what we like to call it, teehee  I'll bring you some Tylenol tho if you bring me some soup.
@fertilitychick  ty. I've had PCOS for 10yrs, just got married, but knew what I was up agaisnt. I only have 6 periods a yr typically
Twooooo in the morning. Insomnia. 
@ballerz5150  And another addict is born. 
@cautionitsjamie would you mind pointing me in the direction of those pills, please? 
@Vemsteroo It's the new aspirin. 
The drug slowly kills........So?We're not hasty 
@ThePokerJerk  you had an erection?  
@wiveswitches hello you  migraine for me, ugh! drugs and sleep
@living_autism  
@fauxrean They took the magic - that made the Visine in the drink worth while - out.  But your point is made.   
@elkabr i might sound a little OCD but i think you need to tile your background. it only has that square patch of the purple with stars 
@danij12 i'm back home!  &amp; ADD is bad...despite mimosas...don't make fun!  u do realize that i'm always doing like 15 things at once, rt?
I finally learned the technique to opening a Benadryl !! 
@JoyceSchneider1 cholesterol would also be digested into its constituents eh? fat and protein. . rendering it harmless anyway? 
@Hyperopia Ah didnt know about the 'electric' part 
@chrisa511 I hope the meds kick in soon too. Migraines are the worst. What ya reading? 
ADD me! haha A.D.D spells add haha I already knew that  - http://www.myspace.com/letthemusictakeyouover http://tumblr.com/xkx1t31hh
@shadowslacks Activia is my favorite 
@divinepurple morphine? 
@Hyperopia I will be happy to clean the kitchen... and the fridge. 
My boredom led me to watching icarly  HAHA
@threnn roast chicken is perfect comfort food. should make you feel a bit better alright. that and a load of Lemsip/Sudafed/Uniflu etc 
is hyped up on caffeine!!!!! wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is off to meet another great friend then meet Vitamin S. 
@AnnaBou There are pills for that. 
@todayshow That's a challenge I wouldnt even accept. Cable (&amp; internet, phone) was out for a couple of hours and I almost needed a Xanax 
@i_heart_DonnieW I will bring @DonnieWahlberg plenty of Dramamine 
@pdurham i m waiting for the client to wake up so I can give her the meds then shower 
@tsuei the yips are! 
@wesplaton ill treat you to bagnet when you get back here in july 
Whenever possible, watch ADHD people clean. It's fun! 
@siyaadah My mom is amazing.She is so organized and I'm a real scatterbrain, a little ADD I found out late in life, wish I had her skills 
@turtlegnome excellent  you deserve a nice treat!
@mamapigeon sounds like it  I have a 12 year old with ADHD and Aspergers a 7 year old a 4 year old and 4 cats + hubby getting kinda full
@olivefries WAKE UPPP.... time for school 
@Hedgewytch don't forget to buy your hayfever drugs 
@psawyer I recommend xylitol-based toothpaste and mouthwash, there are great benefits to your dental health, to keep everything healthy 
@tb78 800mg ibuprofen 3 x/day and get working on your quads asap 
@beeebomb just get some paracetamol 
ran into the BDD lawyer on his bike on the way to work.  i &lt;3 him. 
@natneagle Haha...yay for caffeine highs!  
@kfirpravda  It's your #OCD speaking, too.
@nihongoup I'm actually thinking of getting one of those new Inutos4 tablets so I will remember those crosswords! 
@HAKG74 start your day with Panadol 
Relaxin after my run 
@mikejay: zantac 150. or pepcid. I don't know if prilosec will work, it's a different drug. I pooped a zantac before my beer today. 
Oral exam in science today! In TWO hours! soo nervous ... but now I'm hyper on battery  oh yeah
@MisterNoodle I twitter for social interaction. And, it's an addiction. 
@Strabismus night 
@Strabismus um...since you asked nicely. 
.@Strabismus see that's what i like! apologies  i *knew* i was right! ;D
@TaraLynnFoxx full of protein too! 
Nothing like some warm soup and a Valium to put me to sleep. Ahhh...finally time for sleep and a brand new day tomorrow. 
@Vitamin_G I stopped it at 1:23....not funny. Sowwie. 
@foogirl unfortunately - though on things like this I am lenient w/every1 but myself... habit! glad ur hubby's PMS went  away! 
@IAmThad (but I like drugs!) ..Just joshing 
@Sinemet It's weird tough. No ones seems to have noticed the article 
Awoke with a headache - not good with another long day of work ahead... If the Nurofen bomb clears it a little, I will still swim 
I used to eat(involuntary) a lot of Lactose when I was young, but at my age now it sure does seem to be evil ... 
i just noticed i'm becoming an insomniac! how did that happen?! 
