Most common words for this cluster:
[('internet', 1105), ('online', 189), ('connection', 147), ('today', 43), ('day', 37), ('access', 33), ('work', 31), ('web', 29), ('home', 29), ('phone', 28), ('quot', 26), ('isp', 23)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'internet', 0.9321273565292358), (u'Internet', 0.9189156889915466), (u'online', 0.7469578981399536), (u'Earn_Rs.####/day_working', 0.7180723547935486), (u'Earn_Rs.####_daily', 0.7094351649284363), (u'Initiative_NASDAQ_IIJI', 0.6957010626792908), (u'Web', 0.692886233329773), (u'Visit_OMNOVA_Solutions', 0.6888371109962463), (u'via_www.mobilebaybears.com', 0.6731452941894531), (u'web', 0.6506935954093933)]





@carolrainbow no Internet at home, have to drive into Ox to use Internet because of builders! 
I'm so upset that I missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased 
Still 3 more days until my Internet gets uncapped 
Boredd. Colddd  Internet keeps stuffing up
Too much internet. How it plagues me 
@mattg00d i dont like you not having internet. You dont tweet as much. 
My personal Web site was hacked.    What should I do?
But of course, the document with the important tables in it isn't published on the internet 
@pmarnandus re: daily gossip.. well the twitter gossips are mostly from E! Online which I cannot access!! 
@BenjaminReid Your internet still down?? :O 
why isn't the hills available online yet?? soo disappointing 
My internet is being painfully slow, it hurts 
@SouthwestAir does this mean you're leaving ISP? 
@keishaaa can't say it in public, keshkesh  i'll go online on y!m.
I've been without a reliable internet connection for over a week now... what do I have to do to get some real service? 
is so nervous about the idea of ISP's capping monthly bandwith. Not like butterflies nervous, but puking all over the desk nervous 
Surfing on the internet ... I'm a litlle bored 
really want to watch the new fma. why does my internet fail so hard. 
waited for him to go online.. lucky me, i was eating when he IMed me. 8-| :| :| And now, he's offline.  dayuuum.
I think there's a problem with the ISP in this area or something...my connection go too slow to do anything online yesterday &amp; today 
@hawk12online I can't do It  I really wish I could Im going out too 
Weekends can be so ho-hum on the internet. 
3 hours in ohare with a shitty internet connection 
Wishing I was working outside instead of being stuck at inside. Unfortunately, no Internet connection outside. 
browsing the internet....can't sleep yet 
@selfreflexion Not too bad -- did  everything I needed: Web browsing and C++, lol.  I don't have a lot to compare to though ... 
@CassieFX that does look good. If only they had scratch and sniff Internet. 
Would like to know why the Internet is failing today  #fb
@nprscottsimon really wish I could download the radio bits and not have to stream. Internet is slow here in Malakal 
@yomumo it is more trouble than its worth to use the internet on a ds 
Our Internet is down. 
@ Internet station..shop/centre..my 3 computers have all crashed, over @ tech man getting fixed, could b quit 4 a couple of days 
@WOnet no, don't skype, i wouldn't trust my ISP enough to try 
@EFsSecretDghter idk  whenever I get Internet 
@angesbiz slow internet just isn't fun for anyone 
ugh. :| internet is so slow. :| 
33% into a FTP upload for a client and my Internet craps out on me... again... Comcast just makes me sadder everyday. 
online for like 4 mins, about to go to bedd. 
My cousin tells me that, &quot;You don't have a life besides Internet!&quot;, I just don't know how far it's true. 
@saifudeen And my internet plans allow me to only browse 4m the built in browser 
my computer/internet isn't linking raverly any more. 
stoopid capped internet, so slow 
@CNETNews Yes piracy is a big issue, but since no one can rightfully control the Internet, nothing can really be done about this issue. 
is watching wanted cause I have no internet 
Internet issues again 
My internet connection is really dodgy today 
Still no Internet  carolinecreates.etsy.com
I wish I could stop over sharing on the internet 
@coldert I lost two followers already. It was kind of a joke, sarkasm never works on Internet 
mobile internet is a bad idea when youre addicted to twitter!6th form soon 
has crappy internet again 
@gautamghosh could possibly be so! i mean how do we know which indian celebrity is online for real! could be very much fake! 
Sign up for Internet World is NOT user friendly 
Internet issues prevented me from doing any EOV work this weekend. Now it is time to play catch up and see what is going on... 
I'm bored to death in class and the internet is refusing to provide entertainment 
Internet again creating problems,,,,,  
Is suffering from, &quot;Lack of Internet Access&quot;, so bare with me if I don't respond as quick as I used to 
my internet connection is too slow 
@jtug what's up tweeps.. can't following you guys pretty much because of internet problem @kost 
Internet connection went down for 10 minutes, oddly when I was trying to be productive. It'll take me hours to restart 'cause I'm lazy.  
@xjrodzx how is the berry w the internet? my palm won't show some pages bc they are too large 
@thomaslandgraf The trouble is that we did everything by Skype and the Internet connections were apparently not that good. 
preloading a techcrunch-interview, 'cause the internet is too slow to watch it immediately 
i got slow internet connection in exchange of rain 
Hey, #Internode tweeps! My Internet is being dumb. I bought a data block to get uncapped two hours ago and I'm still crawling! Heeelp. 
Having Last.fm withdrawal symptoms. I wish it would create a backlog of scrobbles when not connected to the Internet 
slow internet connection reduces productivity 
@thetechnewsblog Welcome to Australian Internet. Capped and excessive monthly prices  
is now in Timog. Exploting the free Wifi. I badly need my Internet connection back in my dorm room 
is now in Timog. Exploiting the free Wifi. I badly need my Internet connection back in my dorm room 
internet is so damn slow 
Comcast Internet just went down. Modem won't reset. I suspect weather related. 
@balleralert        Would LOVE to, but.... no internet access... 
@brianberling Unfortunatly not yet.  My Internet is subpar right now 
@retiredprodigy I'm with ballys. I love it. :-D oh and my Internet is toooo slow to send the cd. 
And my laptop still has no internet. 
@hulu while I know it may not be your fault, I really wish streaming weren't the only option given the demands on my internet connection 
No Internet anymore T.T Spend all the night finding yet still don't know what fucked up here 
@changedforgood I was here, then my internet broke 
@rokmi3 3 minutes??   Ha ha (via @HelpMeRick)...funny thing ish Internet is out  and I was on my phone
Off to sevenoaks.. I hate my internet 
why is the internet so crap here  
is drowning in a sea of doubt  I wish it could kill off my ENTIRE hope but my heart is way too stubborn, I'm such a fool. Goodbye Internet
just got back the other day ago...and now, making the most of this sloooow internet connection. [almost went crazy without internet] 
Not having a fixed address will mean that I have to go to uni to use internet, so I will probably vanish for a bit 
@JGoldsborough i'm being charged internet usage and the only thing I use the internet for is my unlimited picture texts 
X Web hosting is down just now 
@ renatamussi as soon as my computer will stay coonected to the internet 
internet and tv and phones going down. aaarrrgggh. 
@slmar Can you still chat? Internet is down here - only have iPhone! 
our internet expired. 
No internet till mondayyyy 
my internet keeps goin on n off grrrrrr  not gd .....
Internet has been down since this morning.  Argh!
@stephenfry for some reason can't look at your photos. Web address can't be found it says 
Internet is down  sorry aku inda dpt gossip sma kamu @f_nadzirah and @faidchong (
Having no internet access is quite torturous. 
ahhh still 25.5 hours until fast internet  this is making all of us so sad
How come i can't connect to the internet?!? Is it my modem or streamyx problem? 
I miss talking to ppl and replaying to there tweets  I miss own Internet conection!!
I think the internet just died. It's so quiet 
Getting very very frustrated with having a crap internet connection 
I got Internet back! I was actually dying without it 
@padfootly my internets is gheyyyyy 
@LCLaurenConrad I missed tonights episode so now i have to wait for it to come online 
@leahbasskitten thanks babe.  sadly, you no online when I get home 
@Lenyajones not soon  but why not order online?
Why does the internet hate me so? 
no internet  doing my projects and reviewing my french instead.
still on the Internet, wishing i had less home work 
@jenn_leigh No my internet connection at this hotel is not letting me load any images for some reason 
@alisabetita My internet's been sucky too. 
yeah back online, lost internet connection last night 
@jobsworth http://is.gd/wyeZ is worth a quick skim if you've not heard of PLATO - mostly forgotten by Internet historians. 
@emily31193 cos i don't think they'll be any internet access in my hotel  what am i gonna do?!
@Vixster25 Internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn I'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done 
offline 
I post my number up online and never get called 
Yay!!!  Skyping my honey in Korea.  Internet is bad so we can't video chat. 
screw you bigpond and not giving me a full month of internet. 
I wish @iGoBySpock was online! 
Bonnie and I feel lost without Internet, and ours is down 
nothing special on my mind ...just cme to this new cyber cafe as i away frm home..n internet speed is soo slow  
..........tagging is how the new Internet, finds its content! How ignorant of me  And here I was wondering, why no one finds any my posts?
Really sick of these impossible technical problems. I don't have reliable network Internet access now  Want my balancing force home!
From TI: Due to recent new fiscal requirements from Brazilian Government, the Internet sample request service is temporarily unavailable 
Internet sucks.  I thought it would never leave me.
My internet is down 
i would like 2 apoligise for the lack of tweetes, been in france with no internet 
My wireless network just failed 
My Internet isn't working properly  but work was goood, and I got saralee icecream out of it
@lifeswings I have no idea why she isn`t online. :| I haven`t talked to her online yet. 
internet connection today = granny speed 
&gt;&lt; laptop internet out again, must settle for phone internet 
Woo, got in Internet Explorer! too bad I won't be home at 2:30 to watch the gold game, I have to work 
@Yorksville @Georgieboo Web link got cut 
Bytemark have disappeared off the face of the Internet, taking all my VMs with them. 
No Blizzards for we  They closed at 9:30 instead of 10 like the Internet said. Oh well.
Yup. Internet totally stopped working. If we were talking, I'm sorry 
It really does hun. I may not even get on the internet 
My Internet is down!!!! I might acutally die! 
I broke our Internet some how.. all I got is my iPhone to connect me to the outside world 
@arvindsharma My internet at home is not working properly.  you can email me if you want. Mostly today internet problem will be resolved.
I need a 35mm f2 for my 40d. I can't find any online though 
@RetroRewind as long as you also allow us to listen online!! I wouldnt be able to hear you on xm or sirius! 
Internet #fail at the office, plus I don't have my 3g dongle on me  thank god for iPhone 3g for keeping me 'connected'
@kamisoul I'll try to go on fb my internet is effed up right now 
Internet on my laptop is not working again 
@steevbishop That's kind of what I'm afraid of. I feel like I've let the internet down. 
My internet is out 
Just when I thought my Internet connection was getting good it goes bad!!! 
I'm trying to fix the internet connection which is keeping me away from updating my profile 
Internet at the office is still very unstable. So, these are days of poor tweeting/plurk on my part. 
@twilightjen Its not letting me follow u  I probably need to get on the Internet and do it LOL
@thesiren. they minty lux and all that? yes they are lost in the internet ether 
Stealing spmeones Internet on my iPod. No real Internet till tomorrow  what am I supposed to do all night! I wish I had a book to read
My Internet connection is awfully slow today. 
@lukeeeeee24 but the mac has no internet connection whatsover, i dont have a wireless router here 
My internet's not working!  text me 
My internet is down 
Bad connection tonight.Amazing party but a Reminder to tell promoters they must have an Internet connection as our USB modem unreliable 
Oh FFS, it looks like the Internet connection has died in the office, so no VPN and no work. But...but..but I really want to work 
Helping people on the Internet is hard, especially when there is a language barrier.  Even harder when they won't listen repeatedly. 
@ThomasGudgeon My cat woke me up :-D And then I found out the electric had gone with no Internet! 
Is bored as noone is online to talk to 
@tinyanl @minnairukai you guys my Internet seems to be dead and my brother's room is currently off limit for leeching the neighbor's. 
@SuperJerry I don't use anything..I'm so over the internet 
@daniellelee09 - hi D - I want 2 get online so bad but the Internet is broken again  Im so over it. They r coming to fix 2morow 
For anyone waiting for results of Telegraph #photog comp, so sorry for delay I'm having Internet issues. It's broken  will post asap
21 hour Internet/TV/Radio/Twitter exile is over.  Once again i won't need a Ukrainian visa, 
@shwS I've got internet problem too 
feels getting people to try new things is just as hard as getting them to try the Internet used to be  http://plurk.com/p/uehnn
Internet at home is dead 
It's raining and Internet connection is so F-up. 
Checking, editing and reposting 70 or so banner images. Internet joy 
@mahdi Maybe the problem is from my ISP 
Suprised by how slow, and how much latency is on the college Internet connection today. It's not usually this dire. 
still alive n kicking in troyes. no internet connection from hostel  hands freezin from the wind out here in an open area with connection
So much for getting loads of work done today, got up to find Internet connection is down again! 
They warned me mobile broadband would be rubbish. They were right 
@_adriii my internet's too slow for me to dl it  but i hear it's hilarious 
@tandcmitchell and woahhhh nelly, you are amazing! i am loving it! i have been kicked off yt; my internet got shaped, so i can't watch u 
can't wait for our internet to be fixed. 
@CabreraNina when can you use the internet? 
my cable internet connection is ridiculously slow today. 
needs viagra.. no not for me.. for my internet connection.. like seriously, wtf.. why does it keep dropping 
barely any internet acces sorry im not always on 
Internet, why have you forsaken me? 
Gah!! Internet moving at a crawl 
Is going to be very sad if i has no internets after i move 
@xen_yasai yeah you are limited for choice with Internet providers down here 
argh once i got him chat with me, suddenly he's offline hiks 
I have no internet now 
@davehonig Because this is an internet advertising event and many people here still thinking more advertising / less conversation  #iabnet
Internet is down 
Never made it to the library.  Studying in the house with all the usual distractions.  Internet, TV, Kitchen..... 
Web strategy is not easy. Apparently delete everything and stick up under construction sign is not cool anymore 
Not sure when we will have Internet at the new place now, Comcast screwed up our paperwork and we have no service currently - argh. 
Internet+tv+phone down. Numericable want to send a technician next week to fix it ! 
I miss having Internet at home 
Internet Explorer makes me wanna hurt people 
@hannahmei i don't know whether this is going to work or not  bloody shaped internet! if it doesn't, I will still upload it, &amp; just wont
Morning all  interweb connection borked here...joy! 
Who misses the Internet?  I do.  
 back to no internet 
I miss @sparkle_panties and @orcaaa they never come online anymore they just use their phones 
Online shopping is such a money eater. 
@iheartdanzig i miss you! finally got online and your not on  /cry!
@oneighturbo just online 
still awake, was moving my gobs of $ n vampires/mobsterslive until they were down 4 maintainence  what else can i do w/o internet on laptp
Is human contact vanishing from this planet...all we do is sit online and chat..soon we wont know how to communicate, sad 
I've been without power and Internet for over 24 hrs now 
glad to say turu's pc is back up and running- downside is the internet speed has now halved 
@doombox i know  i hope your internet goes back to normal 
will have no internet/email/server access the entire weekend. bummer 
No Internet access at work - no fun 
No twitter access where I'm going  No internet access either 
I just got off HEX.  Hope the Internet works tomorrow!
Windstream Internet is still down.  I was on the phone with them an hour yesterday! What to do today without Internet?!?
@jimnutt ah I can understand that ;-) It's nice to see some believers use the Internet it's usually full of people hating on Christians 
missed blogtv cause internet decided to be a douche no twicon tickets for me 
@NancyDee_Online follow me babe 
Online class starts on monday....boo 
Wondering what to take this time. Doesn't seem much point moving laptop when there's no Internet  *sigh*
my internet explora isnt working  goodnight all.
@liz @lbo yeah, the problem is mostly the upload speed. Those fucking ISP will only give you 1mb max nowadays 
@Michelleeeeyyyy I wish you were online 
Internet is so slow! I neeeeeed an upgrade. 
the internet is extremely slow.....annoyed 
Why do everyone says (thier latest gizmo) is the future of Internet Marketing? Tired of hearing the same ol' lame.  .. Who agrees?
Taking internet traffic school 
(DISCUSS)Why do everyone say (thier latest gizmo) is the future of Internet Marketing?Tired of hearing the same ol' lame.  .. Who agrees?
Internet connection is baaaaddd! I think I can't surf the net for a couple of days. That's bad. 
stupid internet, its on the go slowwwww. 
Ugh my internet is being stupid. 
My internet's being lame 
Internet keeps fuckin up  Guess i'll go to sleep. TTYL, Night fam!!!
@VRal apparently it's just all bt, sky and aol (i think) internet servers have had it blocked, ready for the internet censorship stuff 
needs miss krystle to get online right now -_- i cant come to the sleepover misstlleee! 
the internet connection here sucks... can't work!!! 
@3Gguy 99% sure where you are so tempting to come stalk you but it's online only  lol
internet is temp. down  thank the lord for mobile browser!
@melimsah Im just about to start chap4, our Internet went out 
I keep hearing updates with webcomics and it makes me sad that I won't be able to see them in a while. Internet still not installed 
Ugh, my internet was down! 
@drinkins I'm suffering from the Internet that works bad, only sites hosted on russian servers are available for me 
; keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up?! 
Internet is getting damn slow today.. 
@kelleyrowe my internet just crashed  i will ttytomorrow. 
@ATTNews Still no Internet today 
no internet in my pocket   edge network down in denver  *sob*
@WedSpace now I know why it didn't work, just not too keen on paying though for a 2ndary social network 
Just updated my To-Do List (notepad, need something else?) with Flickr and downloads. Internet being slow and sluggish 
Internet is painfully slow today 
Is waiting for sumone to come online 
@KristaNeher I wish I was going to Internet Week 
Ugh.. Fricken Internet is down. Can do like 0 work without it. I want back in college just for the connection 
Internet stopped working right in the middle me quantum leap.  grr
internet on trains is 100% awful!!! 
@singpolyma aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh I hate the Internet  When will people learn &quot;native widgets are always best&quot;
Ach I'm back on t'internet, and @lucypaw has to go drive her mate somewhere so is w'out internet 
Just lost Internet.  And I was in a raid for 25 OS. 
Internet, you were so fast! And now you are so slow! Where did the fast connection go? 
That's exactly why I prefer to give money and play outside the house. Stupid Internet connection always ruining my instances!!!!  #wow
came online for a big cause. ruined 
Just lost my internet signal  how will life go on
@smiley_steph boo  I miss you! It's been ages. Once I get Internet back I'll try to fix ALO haha it likes to act up from time to time...
@antennaswrvu i can't figure out how to listen to it from the internet 
Trying to install a vodafone internet key an an eeepc. I remember once it worked out of the box. But today it doesn't want to work 
is not liking the online livebox right now. Internet is dead. 
either my inerne is fucked or my mind is but i'm pretty sure that it's the internet 
trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh
Why isnt my internet working 
cant get onto twitter on the Internet 
stupid internet is still down, no fun internet, no baby cam... 
Just got kicked off the internet  darn.
Internet Speed envy! Mum's work internet speed: http://www.speedtest.net/result/484491339.png vs my 512k at home 
@xoizen I'm all about fast Internet.  Tmobile isn't cutting it for me.  3g isn't even out yet for Hawaii 
@ktjbpa2006 i havent been online to read and review 
stupid slow internet here.... it has to rebuffer every minute or so..  sucky.
I also want @prettysurepdr to get online. I can't stop thinking about that mooviiee 
Too wet to cut firewood, internet is down and can't find a mug for my milo 
@tiwala i miss you! when do you come online nowadays? 
I miss my former Internet communities. 
I'm having internet issues with my laptop, so i can't get online right now 
#geekcamp lost internet again 
My broadband is running at dial-up speeds 
#geekcamp multitasking trying to test Internet connection to see if can do live demo later - but looks like no 
Caroline just drove me home in a shopping cart, hilarious! But now our Internet isn't working! 
In Mauritius now -  ocean, wife, daughter, great food, bliss, zzzzzzzzz  all around  and this damn Internet and the cell phone 
My new laptop arrived today.  It doesn't seem to like the internet. 
ANZ Internet Banking is too busy for me to use it at the moment. Grr! 
@vickynevershout oomg internet is so slow. 
Don't ever get at&amp;t as a Internet provider. It is the shittiest service I have ever had 
internet connection very slow today 
@PepperMonster really? no internet then? that's odd. plus it sucks. 
Web Surfing is very poor 
Sorry tweeps, cant tweet 2day... Internet down!!!! 
@natalieandjose it was my laptop that is the prob, not my internet  it refuses to detect the network+ i can't fix it!!
my internet is capped  downloaded over 20gigs...  capped down to 13kbit
the internet is sooooooooooooooooooo freakin slow 
Why is a good sprite sheet on the Web so so hard to find? 
@lennyuk My niece turned the computer off downstairs so the Internet went off, now MSN won't connect 
It's strange I go on my iPod with Internet but my laptop won't connect hmm 
@EmilyRoseCakes ill watch on internet can't afford that sky + luxery  x
Internet is down!! 
is no longer online 
came back from france.. didnt have any Internet there  but it was amazing!
@gossipgirl004 I only listened to them because i was listening to &quot;online radio&quot; i forgot to put the  face by it!
@livvvsterrrx0 the palm centro I gave you has Internet lol I should have found you the users guide. But I think I threw it out 
My camera is taping but no Internet for streaming.  #fbmia
why do I live so rural with such a meager internet connection when I actually don't live THAT rural? where is my highspeed cable? 
does not llike the new Internet Explorer 8 yet. boo i want 7 back 
Using the mobile internet (i.e. m.gmail.com) is the only way to get online on my grandparents' dial up  #fb
@forthewin88 How did you find out that i was a robot with a passion for online gambling? 
My INternet was gone for 5 hours &amp; now it's barely working  - Mein Internet war fuer 5 Stunden weg unnu funz... http://plurk.com/p/x94h4
Online at this hour after a long long time... have to go to work tomorrow 
My Internet connection is acting up again 
Trying to upload a new avatar too twatter. Then my comps Internet starts to suck   more about the avatar once it uploads.
@JohnChow Yes, Internet is slow for me too 
offline  
Cable down = no Internet   #fb
Ahhh no Internet out here  7 miles from Exira.... Kinda feel dirty....
not knowing how this network works. 
Internet down  , what is the deal with bgt winner?, did not follow the show.
my internet explorer is still not working.. how do i do surveys now 
Everyone is saying @shanedawson 's new vid is super funny...and i cant watch it coz i has no internet! 
my internet service blows bad 
Internets going soooooo slow  its really annoying
The Internet was rude to me  error 403 is a real jerk.
@ff5hnlover my internet is being retarded too 
cable and Internet outage from Charter   at least I have a smartphone with Internet and TV 
i'm having problems with my internet connections... it's very slow.... 
In my brand new house now. No internet for now 
ok my internet is not working right 
Why is my internet connection so slow tonight?!  I AM OUTRAGED!!!  And hungry!  
sick of Internet messing up is  havn 2 reset at least once a day normal? 
@BABYCAK3S how is my Internet girlfriend? You've been strangely silent the last 24 hrs 
Man I really think my router is fried... I hate not being able to get online 
@BIOSShadow BlackBerry Internet Service. 
my Internet isn't working  fml I'm bored!!!!!!
@JKTrix The internet lied to me. 
I hate it when my internet dies ugh. 
@propagation aw you made the internet sad 
my internet has been shaped 
dying to play text twist but slow internet is making me wait forever!  I don't even know if I'll really be able to play it after it loads 
ugh i can't get the internet to work  i'm at the new studio and i have to unpack.. and clean..
my internet connection doesn't want to cooperate. 
@InKatlinsPahnts lol my internet wasn't working so i couldn't 
cant talk to my girlfriend because her Internet Service Provider is not enough professional and cuts her Internet down at any moment 
I just realized. I will be without Internet for an entire week.  this will not do...
Another sunny morning. No Internet connection but busy for most of day anyway. Got to go home today 
i wish our internet wasnt fucked. i could be doing any number of things right now 
Slow Internet sucks because I can't watch The Tudors. 
soz guys been away for adges and not been able to get any internet connection. 
Still no internet connection  on my phone 
@rileyclarkson come online again? i was driving!! 
@graciellaaa  *insert some Internet quote about looking forward instead of back here*  *insert obnoxiously cute animal picture here*
@tabithatay you should be online, because there's so much I want to tell you. 
@dawnieboi i miss you!  di kita naabutan online!
my internet is so stupid. everyone's blogs are making it go crazy 
the internet is so slow. 
@jahkeylee the same as my twitter id, but I don't have Gold account because my Internet at home is spotty at best. 
is he playing any better now? my mother's internet is too slow for the live stream 
just about to run outta internet credit 
i just want my internet to work properly. 
Oh, NO! What have they done? The new design for Internet4Classrooms is ... I'm sorry ... TERRIBLE!  http://bit.ly/r2OSA
@Geraldy  i know i missed damnit for not having internet
I want to wait him but i think he will go online late.  what the heck. haha
is having problem with Internet connection. 
the internet connection sucks  in this library 
@petemahon I agree, but sadly, mobile broadband has been even worse 
@apricotica I am not familiar with your internets speak. 
@CJHatter location to the internet as well 
@CuriouserPanda that is a very very good idea.....me 2!!! if i fail anything internet will get the blame!!   i hate the internet!!
I wish our internet worked  I guess I'll just spend the day at the library.
missing my internet connection at home 
my internet cant keep up with my derailing 
Getting off...   and goin to my moms house... Slow Internet...
is working on the client site with no Internet... My brain feels like it's missing its external storage backup 
@Yungmarvingaye was it when I restarted it? No I didn't hear it. It's been raining here &amp; Internet is going in &amp; out. I'm sorry 
Grr. Internet is going slow when it's sposed to be going fast mother trucker  So tired. School was okay, fun sometimes, but still gay (N)
No Internet in my house since friday. Damn you AT&amp;T. 
on a all day training course. no Internet all day 
I will be off twitter for the next two weeks...  no wifi Internet at any of the marinas on catalina island...
Dealing with no Internet til tomorrow 
is seriously shitting herself about her next internet bill.fuuuck 
I hate this slow internet connection i'm actually connected with... will have to stand that for another five days... 
@dropslash dont be sad, i wasnt invited either  it will stream online!
My Internet has been slow for days now!!! 
My internet connection is seriously suffering. What's a geek to do? 
internet is being annoying 
my internet is so slow 
bored. like always. once again Internet is on throttle. 
Online PR Versus Internet Marketing!!!! Guess MBA classes never had a lecture on this 
Internet has gone down and lights are flickering  Have too many power-dependent pets for a blackout.
@upandatthem AHH! AHH! is there another threadless sale? Fuckkkkk... my internet's so slow i can't look it up. 
I dislike that a lot of the Internet Week activities are during work hours or cost so much money 
I'm so pissed off coz of my internet connection. It's so fucked up 
@stylemepretty I have to use Internet Explorer at work and can't see your lovely new logo. 
Heading to Santa Cruz in two hours. Packed every possible gadget and gizmo for a hostel that doesn't have the one thing I want: Internet 
notices that torrenting yields lower down speeds than before... and complete domination of anything else involving internet. 
Searching for a blazer on the internet. I can't find ANYTHING! 
The one day I need to upload pictures for metromix...my Internet fails.... 
internet keeps crashing  obviously it doesn't like peter pan
Internet just went down. 
i hate it when im addicted to the internet like this 
Looks like the Internet just crashed in China - BF disappeared off Skype 
The Internet is behaving like a petulant child this morning.... Normally I don't care but I have 1000 users who &quot;need&quot; their facebook 
Eating waffles and watching g4. Internet is out. 
I wish my neighbor's internet would cut back on 
stupid internet, what a time to go from 6.0 to 0.7 kbps 
@ryandc love it...makes me sad I don't have real Internet 
way to go internet for shunning me...@ bobbys (without bobby)   using the internet
Extremly mad my cable modem broke got no internet!! I have no life for the next few hrs till I get it exchanged 
I miss my internet connections... 
I thought twitter was supposed to be fixed by this morning? Via Web crap is annoying as hell 
I want to start an online business but dunno how 
@notsojennifer i hope you succeed in acquiring internet access,bcuz i dont like getting teased that i will be able to chat with you 
Just found out that people using Internet Explorer can't read my blog... at least not past the first page. Some sort of coding issue..  
Why is my internet being so slow? 
The Web confuses me... a lot. It's evil  #grrebirth
internet is out!  WTF at&amp;t
@JarrettMurgolo honey... its the internet.  they do that.
 So sad! I hate my internet! It makes me sad! 
@Mtkd3 besides is running slow, the mic doesnt work well, and everytime that i want to use the web cam i lose the internet conection 
I hate it when my Wireless Internet fails me 
The internet on campus is so slow right now. 
i hate my internet connection &amp; my slow computer, why do you always fail me when i need you most?! 
Brilliant, my Internet connection has died just as I finish off the encoding of episode 4, guess there will be a slight delay tomorrow 
enjoying this wifi before I walk back home to no internet.. 
@pastelpastel wow, didn't know I was less racy than online golf 
I miss my neighbor.. but really I just miss his free internet 
We're both online - but not even in a chat or im program together.  
Eating at spicy pickle with @katyhumphrey. Online session went awful. 
This is quite possibly the slowest hotel internet connection I've ever used. Downloads will have to wait I guess. 
@deadwinglullaby what do you mean, sort of?  i haven't talked to her since she quit the internet 
At an internet shop. There's no internet at home. 
@crystalchappell So true online is definitely the future! I watch all my tv online b/c I'm never home *as I sit n my hotel room* 
@JenJelly85 to get online anymore. 
ugh, my internet is all sorts of fucked atm 
@StDAY I'm sorry.    You'll be able to watch it on the internet though.   And yay for winning the radio battle!!  Haha.  
Online confession:  I have tendonitis in both hands.  That suck because I can only play guitar after I hear it in my head..it hurts 
preparing for a 4pm PearsonED presentation via Web-Ex...  not sure how to use this medium 
says he can't update his Multiply account. Internet connection too slow.  http://plurk.com/p/xseze
I and btw my computer is still being dumb  but I think I figured out the video thing and the failed Internet is prolly just temporary
My internet/cable is temporarily out of service. 
Internet and cable aren't working. 
I'm having Internet connections and I really need to speak to @mattchewww. 
No Internet for the last 2 days, that was fun! 
Raining very hard, wind blowing very hard, and no electricity (meaning no air con no Internet no lights)for almost half an hour now 
#hosteurope offline 
internet is too slow.. 
now using new 2-way satellite internet connection. It works, most of the time, but you wouldn't mistake it for real broadband 
Working from my parents' as I've sorted their Internet connection (router setting) - couldn't get online at school we were in. 
@akajayzel i havent started  my internet is so slow!! and im starting to getting the flu farout. my aim is to get 600 words tonight lol
I hate the restrictions on the universities net. How the f*** should I ever be able to write my program w/o proper internet connection. 
still without internet in the apartment  internet cafes are so pricey!!
Sorry for the lack of posts again today, everyone - virgin media still haven't fixed my Internet 
I wish my internet was working 
Long time no &quot;tweet&quot;... In dire need of tech support: TV, Internet, Laptop -all died on me on the same day 
lying in bed. hurry up and come online 
says offline byeeee  http://plurk.com/p/xvvkc
Docs today aawwwwwk  and i've buggered my internet browser.
The internet on my phone has stopped working all of a suddent 
twitter, youtube, hotmail &amp; flickr all not accesible from china - hope  this wont affect the geeks, we bring no evil!! (via @Web2Asia) 
@Internet_Geek yeah I was but it looks like the sun isn't on the same page as me 
I still haven't seen the notion video  3weeks till we get the internet, don't think I can wait that long 
@devonveillette more like #Canadian Internet 
Not sure when my internet connection will be working again 
Internet just went down @ work 
english teacher wasn't here....have to wait till next week to present ISP 
my internet is being is stupid 
My internet isn't working. 
good website for videos and E3 coverage, though internet here can't load it  http://www.gametrailers.com/
why must the internet explode into abortion wank? 
My internet connection is sucky 
I just updated Internet Explorer today and now my browser's locking up,surprise surprise  POS
Suffering under a seemingly shaped internet connection..  We need more download allowance...
internet connection is flaky at the hotel... 
@Bookgal I'd LOVE to read this but my internet server won't find it 
So i will be off of the internet for a wile  stupid viruses!!!
What is with this super fancy Sheraton charging for Internet access? 11 dollars to 11am! Not even a 24 hour connect. 
Internet Explorer debugging failed 
@kevinf311 oooh, yeah... see, Internet was rather sporadic here and I only just saw that tweet. No pics taken, sry 
No Internet at the new apartment until next week...  just iPhone.
@cunderwo taking personal wellness online...figure may as well, it's online at uni now anyways... :/ nothing to do with nica... 
why is my internet  so slow 
#outpostgallifrey Closing! Noooooo! Internet just died. 
Internet ads + yeah i wanna see = dead virus ridden comp..... trust me been there done that..... twice.... not proud. 
Internet at home is down...  Nearly a month now...stupid fucking BT... 
Online shoe shopping!!! Feels almost as good as the real thing. Only downfall can't try em on  boohoo but oh well!!!!
computer is sooooooo slow! And internet isnt working properly  
I really don't want to pay more for my internet, but I am going to have to 
@verashni   cant see a thing, I think our Internet connection is useless today for some reason
why are there so many scams on the internet it makes me sad 
and bt can go die in a fire. No internet 
damn the internet. where is everyone? feeling lonely 
the pages won't load!!!  evil internet!!! (
internet's finally fixed, too bad i lost everything from the past 4 years 
@AlexAllTimeLow australian internet is pathetic so our high speed would be slow for you guys 
Grr supposed 2 go 2 bed, mums turning off Internet soon  GOSH!
@sxxxh lol my dad turned off my internet 
Internet still not working - now comcast thinks it them but can't get someone out until thursday 
The Internet's definitely messed up when you can't even stream YouTube. Time Warner Cable tech coming...in 10 days 
Waiting to lose my internet 
@Brittanysky blah! The Internet dc on me while I tried to save my draft so womp ill have to redo later 
Looks like PSN as just crashed, can't log in. My Internet is fine, just when I was beginning to have fun.  #uncharted
@alisonmf your ISP probably doesn't cache very long.  Some do   That's a pretty big flaw in the system, if you ask me.
Never use the Internet for self-diagnosis. It just told me I'm pregnant 
No Internet.  I want DSL. I hate comcast!!!!!!
@CheeksTVOffic  I can't vote at all.  I keep getting something about Internet Explorer not being able to open the page 
Internet has been wonky today. 
Mhee, my internet is very suckish todayyy... 
My internet doesn't work 
is youtube messing up for anyone else or is it just my internet? again 
Ohh geee my Internet is down 
and i no have over 300 screenshots ahah i missed the last 5 mins  my internet fucked up
@selenagomez That blog post is all over the Internet  Can you do something to get it off?
@Fanetti &quot;Zattoo Web TV is currently not available in your area.&quot; I am in the US. 
@blahblohblog Brilliant! The Internet-era version of &quot;talk to the hand&quot;. Only problem is I'm deathly afraid of needles. 
My mom forgot my fucking modem, AGAIN! ah, I want my own Internet back. 
Our #moessouthwestgrill needs to get with the online ordering. 
my internet connection (reliance broadband) is acting funny 
I seriously want to kill the internet that is here 
@davcar11 at least tweetdeck seems to be behaving 2nite. internet pages still taking forever tho 
my internet is not working 
Remember when the Internet was nothing but fields? 
@xSkylines butbut I just got online 
2 hours late. Still no Charter Internet 
i was having so fun and was literally crying but someone turned the internet off. Broooke i luv u 
@amysnow  i'm only just getting used to it. i think i'll have to have a look around on the internet to see if there's a program.
I need effing internet NOW   
internet on safari isnt loading at all or looking up addresses, email and everything else still works. any advice?  
And now , my internet is about to crash 
The electricity is off in my house so no Internet right now 
offline 
Country life without OneHD would be acceptable if could stream Netball games on Internet 
Signing off...the internet is not working well on the bus 
Sitting here wondering if my internet will work. 
Why is the 3g iPhone Internet connection inexistent and edge so terrible in #sfo? Doesn't help aleviate shopping with gf in haight! 
My internet won't connect 
My internet is down 
so, i haven't tweeted for like 10 years. Because my Internet was down.  i was sad. 
Internet was out since 7.30pm last night.  Now very behind on everything. Oh well, got other work done!
@ate8bit: Tethering my phone's mobile Internet works for now, but my #freifunk users have a much bigger problem now since the GW is down. 
My internet is broken. Probably won't be able to get online for at least a week 
@IanWoolf Yes, its not fun having your internet squashed into the wrong shape. 
@madamecupcake: i know!  .. i tried doing it just before and my stupid internet froze on me 
My computer wont connect to the internet  So , I am using my moms!
I have no Internet and I must scream (about the fact that I have no Internet). 
The internet is costing me millions of dollars fuck this new isp 
I totally sidetracked from studying. The internet got the better of me 
Internet/\/P|\| is so unstable. 
I am going to disconnect my self from the Internet for a while as I cant be bothered to sit at my mac all day and my phone has no credit 
@fiowantscoffee it's a shame your tinterwebs won't let you play online 
What is happening with my Internet connection? Suddenly it became super slow 
Why is it that Firefox and the Internet in general seem to have a personal vendetta against me? It really hurts sometimes... 
I miss the AIM toolbar I had with Internet Explorer. It actually told you when you had mail, and how many emails you had. 
@Sherksgirl gahhh my internet is being gay and wont let me on omgpop 
my internet is breaking again 
I might have the swine flu, so I'm just going to lay in bed all day. I feel terrible. Bye bye Internet (for the day) 
#wcchicago can't even play online poker here  lol
Ah, my internet connection is up again... wow, what a nightmare...  
I got the no Internet blues...  booo
The internet isn't working 
Streaming all press conferences cuz i missed all the action due to lack of internet  #e3
Ahh! my internet restarted.  That sucked.
my internet is being sooooooo slow 
@jefftwc tired of my #twc Internet going down 
Going into Online Video: syndication, scale, economy panel... No time to charge 
Chasing Internet today 
i don't want to miss the chat my internet is sloww!!!!!!!!11  @therealsavannah
@blackcatplus won't work. Online purchase only &amp; he'd remember what they look like 
omg eve online server full      i guess 46,229 players online on one server will do that : /
it was like a river going through my house. i dunno when i'll be online again...my internet router was ruined from all the water. 
@changibedsheets Who needs on in real life when I can have 100 on the Internet woohoo. j/k 
@stkas ugh come online soon! i miss our little chats 
Is #sourceforge offline? 
@xloveisonitsway yeh but my internet died so I couldnt get on here 
cybersex...again 
Internet come back on por favor. 
Just lost my internet connection. 
@Fletcherrrr  my Internet connection is shit tonight  I'm on tweetie now x
Just heard Tweetdeck update. Internet win. But now I have to get up 
@kirbiej we just finished a long day of baseball. I'd call, but ur reception is sketchy. Skype? Nope, no Internet service here.  love u!
My internet can't be more slow 
Just got back from night out at rugby do. Was mums birthday as well. Internet won't let me connect on laptop 
waiting for tom too come online because i miss him very much 
Internet has decided not to work today. No six word saturday  headache from driving all day then dealing with time warner.
My 3g speed on my iphone is 5x better than my home internet 
Still having problems with my Internet cable connection. 
@NewRock907 your online stream is down 
I realized I'm NO good at online skating 
aw god, I hate having noone online 
My internet is gone 
@trent_reznor: Welcome to the Internet.  Many, many assholes here. 
@Limbsxxx I'm up to episode 10, but my internet ran out of quota    now I'm trying to figure out how much I can buy the dvds for.
@goldnglitz is anyone even online? 
@yuliakatkova Sounds like you have had lots of problems with your Internet! 
phone is shut off and Internet isn't working.  it's been kinda nice to be disconnected from the world.  I miss Lewiston 
@NoRaptors  i can't get online.
the internets dead  again.
getting bored seeing the &quot;request timed out&quot; of my internet connection status 
Wtf internet.. I love when you work so well. I can't go online 
i guess everyone uploads their videos at night....  if regular internet doesnt go any faster im canceling my internet
my internet isnt workin 
@destinedwolf dang really? omg it was just 35$ online. it's sold out now 
I dont know any of the rules of the internet!  should i be worried?
internet is so slow! 
i hate the internet. it's messing up 
@not_pennys_boat I am completely upset with the Canadian internet suppliers right now 
Still no internet in the apartment. 
My Internet is down. 
why is my internet so freaking slow! 
internet connection still laggy  tech support didnt answer for 3 days now ...
Internet is broken at home. The modem isn't doing wat it should and now i need my username/pw from kpn but I don't know where to get it 
Slowly getting the PC back into the land of the living, being hampered by the internet connection suddenly resembling dialup 
The internet is sooo slow. I want to watch the vids already 
My Internet connection was faster in 1998 than it is now. 
shittt, forgot my password for internet banking, and i need to put money into my access acc 
@MalloryRayne since I'm an internet porn slut does that mean I have to unfollow you? 
Finally back after almost 48hrs without internet-connection... It's so annoying when it's not working properly 
t is not possible to detach a tab in Internet Explorer 8 !  
@drealoveslife i'm back spargel! sorry i couldn't get any internet connection  what do you have to tell me? i can't wait! xxxxx
@addyosmani still a while yet  Internet Explorer is a lumbering beast.
Rev3 gps tracking doesn't work for me, b/c I need Internet Explorer 
@MsSexay I thought we were friends--- on the Internet. If u died I'd be totally sad... I'd even tweet a sad face  b4 I hit the club
@gobecca wake uppppp  i thought u said u were gunna b online at 11 :|
@timeforparty It is not!!! I fucking hate our internet connection 
Totlol shut down video service, and parents are back on their own trying to get suitable multimedia for kids on the Internet 
Our internet connection is officially stuffed. This is going to be interesting 
Looks like i won't be doing any gaming today if my Internet don't sort it's self out 
My bastard Internet died just before Roger won 
For some reason my recently listened tracks on Last.fm Web Radio are not scrobbled. 
@AgentSolutions I have been reduced to using Internet Explorer for my blog now 
I hate college and I'm not even there yet!  Online registration sucks!!  Everything is so freakin complicated 
I offered a one-day-workshop yesterday: web 2.0 for language teachers. After lunch no internet access 
@tsmyther ... just because I happen to live across the Atlantic. This is the age of Internet and some companies act just as they used to 
@AcePower it's not msn it's my internet 
INTERNET FAIL. I've been trying to upload all day but my internet keeps failing me and I've been giving all the power to the upload. 
My internet connection is down  
working on ISP 
Remix sounded awesome...then my Internet closed 
The Internet won't work on my laptop for some reason. AHH!  Sooo behind on reading people's twitters. Forced to use the regular comp.
is sad...his internet is down and his free trial of rollercoaster tycoon is over 
@BigMMike my internet isnt hooked up at the crib yet! 
i'm bored, again. the internet gets boring so fast now. 
this internet is driving me insane. i think its telling me i need to go be productive 
I'm downloading iTunes onto my new laptop. Wish the internet wasn't so slow. 
Online law lectures 
waiting for Pangga to go online 
access to streaming media blocked in nxec train wifi - so no iplayer or youtube  - i guess i'll continue my book!
My internets not working  x
My Internet is going in and out 
my Internet is on the blip!!!  
my dad feels bad about his internet not working for the chat. But now I feel bad that he feels bad haha 
Sorry for the lack of updates guys, Internet's been down and I just can't fix it! Bloody DNS servers not working, it's all beyond me 
Playn xbox but wishing the Internet wasn't bn gay so I could play xbox live 
@josieeely I can't  no internet..
@pussygaloria007 awww have been tweeting off my mobile, have no internet at my app, so expensive here. So i am sad to have missed it. 
@clothedag haha, I really want to say that about my internet right now!  It's broken.    I will definitely try that sometime!
is done with the slow internet connection for now.... 
wishing for Internet at the new place studying 2 presentations ,1 test    I hope I have time for my life...why did  I have to pick physics
so pissed off! got a hyge bill for my Internet   3! you are slow and expensive...
is off of his cell phone, Internet, etc. until tomorrow at 5:30pm. Headache just HAD to come the night before the LSAT 
I haven't been able to get the internet anywhere 
@theRamenNoodle yay!!! except they took it offline 
i want bekaface to come online 
Internet access out at the house all weekend making this one disconnected 
Something really wrong with my lappy and the internet connection 
Just got the sudden urge to do some online shopping. I really should go to sleep though 
morning all, Internet disappeared last night 
Internet isn't working  Ima have to phone BT up :'(
My Internet is broken  #comcast
i think kp is online.. but too bad i cant talk to him 
not online cause no internet.. bill = dhs 1300 
Now, I'm try to loading AIVRA antivirus software via mobile internet. Tooooo slow..... 
@BobbieRiley I'm not even online rite now - there's no internet in this studio  waccckkk
Internet is kinda slow today 
#iRemember a world without the Internet. barely. LOL! dont know what id do without it now  how sad
@Pghpensfan1 we had to get rid of it   but we're still live online
Surfing the web for the first time in ages!!!  I miss the internet! 
guess what..I can't use my tweetdeck since my internet is so slow..this is the only website I can access 
@nsomniac i can't watch it until it airs online 
Argh, my BT Internet has been down all day 
dares you to come online 
Last tweet for a couple of days as Internet has gone down at home! Should be fixed soon 
Grr! Internet is screwing up! 
my internet keeps crashing 
Internet and cable out all day... I feel as though a part of me has died... 
Internet at office is damn slow today. 
No internet connection again. 
That's mean no Internet no MTV no Video games 
well, we're the 15th and I already used 80% of my bandwidth for the month   I hate this bandwidth cap!  PirateBay, please become an ISP!
is testing the internet 
I seriously can't find lyrics for FILIATION anywhere online, I don't want to transcribe them. 
My ISP @karoobroadband appears to be offline 
wonders why is her internet so slow  http://plurk.com/p/1158ci
My internet is going slow 
just finished bade..... surfing online... nutn much to do 
Lilly portal... too bad ALS isn't on their therapeutic category list  https://pd2.lilly.com/pd2Web/
I should have gotten comcast high speed internet a while ago, my verizon dsl is def slow and starting to lag on my games and other stuff 
my laptop internet connection is down for a moment.  so that I'm off on msn and facebook.
Online bill paying. Its depressing 
Ugh, I'm going to be at my grandma's house helping her with a knee that just had surgery. Not much Internet for a week or two. 
@MissLynnette noooo  my internet signal is weak on my comp.
@baovo is my wireless internet thingie there? 
ipowerweb hosting is still down...even their website is offline...not good 
I hate my internet connection 
@BurninUp4UBabyy i knoww the internet hates me 
Once again  no internet. 
@pamelatyll can i see that online? 
@UzEE @ReallyVirtual Tell me something for Sialkot  I don't want to die there without any Internet :|
@Sirenism noooooo! I sowwe! I promise I'll be online more! 
My fucking internet is shot 
@DenaeLynn Sorry, my dang campers came back so I shut my laptop and then they left so I opened it and Internet was out  Now we have dinner
@Bendycakes  yeah Internet turned into something indispensable, i hate to recognize it (should be studying..) xD lol
@theorangemonkey @alleycat34 it might take a while, having issues uploading on the ranch internet  but hopefully on facebook soon.
everyone is away, invisible, mobile, or offline on aim 
Ugh, the internet is down. 
Internet is down 
Internet virtually useless tonight so no blogging 
@davidarchie my internet is really slow too!  i totally know how you feel
No internet for me tonight 
My Internet won't connect n I wanna make my street team for @mcclorybrin @mcclorypatrick and @mccloryryan  I will soon tho, guys. Promise!
@Krysalbe I know I do, but my Internet is sooo bad it would load wordpress, I tried today, with no luck! 
is mad that my internet keeps going out...*sigh*. 
Internet theft :The c-card owner doesn't pay, the cc company takes the money back from us and the retailer looses 
the internet on my computers aren't working 
It's storming out lights are blinking, going to lose Internet! 
i have no internet to check my mail before bed and i cant sleep because i have major hicups 
Bah, Internet went out.  damn thunderstorms.
my internet works soo sloww!!! dfghjasdfhklsdhf 
@emoskank off the inet. i  don't want to be online anymore 
Awake! I swear its too early. Internet still not working  dad is going to sort it out. X
So sad, the internet that I'm using is so slow that I can't watch cobra cam!!  
My internet doesn't work... 
They cut my Internet because I was hogging up traffic!?  sad day
... still problems with my internet connection at home 
@scuttling Yeah idk, I'm hoping most of them just relocated and couldn't get back on the Internet or something. 
Internet's down from the almost-storm. 
Morning.D-Day+4:No SMS,Internet@low spd, Websites r blcked, Satellite interrupted. 5 death Tehran,many arrested.  Im sad #iranelection
D-Day+4:No SMS,Internet@low spd, Websites r blcked, Satelite interrupted. 5 death Tehran,many arrested.  Im sad #iran9 (via @azarnoush)
Internet finally crashed. After the thunder I knew it was just a matter of time. 
@sophistifunk I sometimes wish usernames were standardised on the internet on a 'first in, first served' basis. 
my internet is still down 
@sintaks It's not fair. We had to learn how to use the internet when it sucked 
@barrydobson shame our broadband service is so poor compared with virtually everywhere else 
I am not enjoying life right now. The Internet on both my phone and the computer is messed up and slow. Wtffff. 
So las vegas's internet is out. Yay. 
is frustrated with my Internet.. can't vote on the Teen Choice Awards!!!  My Internet keeps freezing every time.. froze yesterday &amp; now 
@lilgnome3 Sure, if I had any Internet 
Not having the Internet for a while got me out of the habit of updating this! 
internet shaping is killing me!! never again  ..
argh! my internet's being a retard again! it's so slow. 
so limited internet access, toshiba's network driver went beserko 
My Internet connection has been fixed but I'm still offline  might take a couple of hours to stabilize !!
I'm still alive, just that my ISP killed my Internet connection  So I had to go elsewere 
My internet is down 
First gripe. Internet access is free in the Press Room BUT had to pay USD 25 for a day's Internet access at the summit 
Unfortunately, questions will be multiple choice, answer on spot. No access to Internet = no tweeting! 
@Axelsrose ( Tell her a strange man from the Internet says hi!.. and sucks about walking  )
Our BT Internet connection is being incredibly slow at the moment. Some sites won't even load. Downloading diagnostic tool at 1kB/sec. 
My #ziggo internet connection did go down again for a minute 
My internet appears to be fucked  fail how will i survive?
@shezzalicious I'd so be on that if my Internet was more than just my iphone right now 
No Internet in NW Croatia  some major lik collapsed...
What is going on with #barclays ATMs and Online banking down all afternoon. Not a good day to be one of their customers 
trying to upload a pic with broadband, can feel like i'm on an old 56k  modem 
my internet is not working again 
Internet is down  looking for some people to make me  a 2 hour playlist so i can get new music. Anyone up for the challenge?
online classes blow!  
Internet @ work is buggin...can't check facebook, MySpace...wtf I feel so disconnected 
@ryee40007 You'll have faster Internet than me soon enough. My connection is fast for a few minutes if I reset my router, then pffft. 
The internet is still down. 
URGH! my internet is retarded and won't let me go on yt.. I'll be on as soon as I get it fixed 
online quiz 
Internet connection partially works here?!?! Too bad it's cloudy out 
Just not a good day so far, first no cable or internet finally it comes on and dealing with unpleasant e-mail  
@CrazyPingu better not have gobne offline...How annoyingwould that be 
@redsoxjustine Mountains tend to not get great Internet/phone service  But there will be pictures when I get back to civilization!
notes Opera &quot;re-invents&quot; the Internet. Abuses the term &quot;Cloud computing&quot;.  http://www.opera.com/press/releases/2009/06/16/
Online ...... someon shoot me 
Shopping online when I should b working out-- I'm tired 
is not loving how twitter is taking ages to post my updates cause i have crappie internet connection in my room 
@SarahMascara hey grab tix online for BHF no Internet @ my new place yet  I'll reup u Friday when we meet up.
The internet isn't working 
Internet connection at home is down 
@Bovne  good vibes to the internet deity
@ComcastBonnie I'm afraid to use my Internet. So I don't know what to do. 
I am ready for @jasonarredondo to get home.  No farmtown anymore we lost our internet connection 
dropped her computer and broke her internet connection.   Now what am I going to do with myself 
You saw WATW? I want to see it! Had it ordered on Amazon, or at least to notify when it was available.  Free Internet in hotel room! Yea!
grrrrr stupid internet is messing up 
Bad news... Internet is down and i always look at porn before bed...3g on the cell just isnt the same..the people are just too small   lol
waah! Internet be back pls. Im n0t yet d0ne with voting! 
really not loving crappy online publishing tools right now 
Internet isn't doing well today. 
internets not working well right now    i really wanted to talk to lindsay!
internet is out 
Internet please work. 
Internet is down again  at least i have family guy to distract me!
@SandwichINK  Yes its like the Internet without Google. 
Cable and internet is out...   
wondering whatever is she doing, getting stuck in a place with no Internet access 
In Berkeley. Living in the living room. Internet down 
i fuckin hate online tech support.. they piss me off 
cont~d - while other laptops continue with Local and Internet Access....  annoying.
@Epigrammist Jimijo Internet Hotspot 2 here in Gladstone. It's an 'easy' write off don't worry just can't afford it right now 
I just love  when my internet doesn't work. 
i cannot get the internet to work.. 
F*ck! My Internet is down.  withdrawals......shaking hands.....disoriented.....
bored.. Doing this Anti-Internet-Addiction thing in class 6 - technique here at school won't work properly as long as I'm at this school 
@jamiesmart Still no internet  soz. I WILL be back on soon though (that is a threat). You ok? x
@BigPondTeam my hiptop mobile web is still down 
When my internet renewed i was elated because i thought it was going to be fast. 
In some countries the freedom of internet is like their other freedoms. Not existing 
@MikeFoden never got the internet working thru it 
ISP playing up again 
To all who asked: got router working, it ran everything, supposedly network ok. But internet won't work thru it, only direct from modem 
Just moved into the new apartment, no internet yet though 
is sad  they couldn't find my pic on the internet to add to the wanted poster! their photoshop skills suck though 
I miss proper Internet 
always my internet 
@morfinrider Still awaiting an internet connection at home and I've got very limited access otherwise    #sadwithoutinternet
my internet connection is so slow that my google reader hasn't loaded properly for weeks. 
@mrbobbybones How come I can't hear you on the internet or the web cam? Is it just me 
@mrbobbybones My online streaming hasnt been working for 30 min. 
Shit. Umuulan nanaman. I can't use the internet yet. 
my internet connection is so slow... 
my internet connection doesnt work any more on my pc, i miss it 
@BedlamB I seeeee. I cant even walk down the road without missing internet  that must be tough
@DouglasBrull as soon as I get Internet access outside of my phone I can have content up. No wifi at work 
My Internet is down. 
The Internet is out at our house this morning, which means instead of working I have to clean. 
GP Internet is slower than BTCL...  What should I do with my P6 ?
Great dialog with @jlamontagne std. #mobile #phones in edu. Internet-access (mobile or not) is a huge challenge. Digital divide is big. 
no 3.0 for now... Internet @ sbux was down and by the time I got my coffee I don't have enough time to go to the sbux across the street!! 
@CameronJNP makes me sadface  it might speed up later. i am in a shitty internet zone anyways.
internet at work is slow... sadly this is somewhat commonplace 
@LydiaAllen btw Internet doesn't work anymore at work. 
I don't have the Internet tethering option in OS3.0  #iPhoneOS3
@krea8tiv I am not sure actually, why do you have to do it? Also I cant browse the web because my Internet bill wasn't payed 
Slow ass Internet connection means 15mins to download 3.0 
Ugh internet not working 
@kryssynicole she has no internet so i have to read it to her 
@derek_mcauley I will take alook later ;) Internet is very slow today  But can't wait to have a look!!! 
so depressed about no internet.  spent 50 euros at pimkie today.
The Internet connection on my phone is gone  
no internet!  but you can bet me and britnie are lovin'
@St3veT it should be out by now! My Internet in GA is down and I can't update 
No internet, now what do I do 
i have such a short attention span.... i blame the internet 
no Internet must resort to my phone for communication. This is terrible  http://twitpic.com/7njp8
After much drama we are finally in our hotel rooms. No free Internet. 
@mike3k I think the answer is no.  I ran all the steps, but no Internet Tethering appears in the Network menu 
@ch2cch3 So I was going to email you, but I can't find your email address anywhere. Internet fail. 
internet is too slow 
Everyone tweeting about their iPhone 3.0 upgrade is just rubbing it in optus r crap &amp; I have no Internet til end of month = no 3.0 for me 
wth, why is my internet dead now 
My internet keeps going in and out and it makes me sad. 
Why is my Internet down  smh
My network is randomly disconnected. And I want to know why 
but now, i have my dumb online economics meeting for the next hour, when i could be at smallgroup with my biffles 
I hate not having Internet at work.....I'm a pro at solitaire now  lol
My Internet connection has died.  What I wouldn't give to be able to use iFon as a modem.   Figures.
Is sad, because I lost my internet connection in a middle of an episode of firefly (hulu) 
Internet is being choppy...making it hard to stream my show. 
My Internet service is down. 
i wish my internet was working. stupid storm. 
Bored on the Internet and glad to be off work so I don't have to take no more calss about the damn iPhone update until tomorrow that is 
@pillmatic nope only msn and aim :/ and aim and my internet do not get along  blasted stolen internet!
@lostinseoul I can't even look online to find recipes   my blackberry is my only connection to the world!
@art_mitchell thanks didn't know  how else can I get high speed internet?
I want my internet back 
im so angryy! my phone internet still isn't working  garhhhhhh!!!!
is so annyoed by this stupid internet.....i can get on twitter and not facecbook ...WTF! 
sad...lost power and internet so i went directly for my phone for internet...think i have an internet problem 
@ExtraordMommy my internet is down 
my internet is incredibly slowwwwwww 
Internet went out = no twitter 
@Kettums youtube isnt being very nice to me.  either that or my internet isnt.
Wants my internet to work, if only I had an iphone?  #squarespace #trackle
iPhone tethering might be fast, but it isn't reliable. Useful as a backup, but not a replacement for cable/dsl Internet.  
I wish our wireless internet would start working again 
There are people working on the phones in my street so i still have no internet 
My Internet is dead 
finally caught on on a little surfing from lastnight.... internet still going slow though 
@DDrDark me crea la network pero no me da acceso a internet... 
datavase BBS is again down  Wondering if it is like yesterday; my ISP changed my IP again?!
I can't belivee you have to pay more money for Internet yethering on iPhone / o2 !!!! 
Urgh. Horrible morning, overslept, Internet problems, dealing with contracts, rushing to learn how to upload vids to our website 
Looking for jobs on the internet... 
another day without real internet connection 
i wasted all my downloads and now my internet is slow untill 2:00am 
Just got banished from the Internet.  Tweeterck for iPhone is still pretty superior.
internet is on the brink... about to go over the usage limit, so will probably get slowed to snail speed... awesome 
I'm curious about the option from T-Mobile for Internet Tethering. 	It seems as if T-Mobile wants extra money for that 
Important! Swedish anti-piracy lobby may continue to gather IP addresses from Internet users. They are an exception to our privacy laws. 
it seems that the internet abandoned us  #fail
My Internet is down this morning!!  I have a post I need to finish!!!!!
why is the internet connection slow these days?! gosh, i swear i hate it. urgh. 
is getting annoyed and upset with the internet....  and isn't having ANY luck with communication devices it seems. I'm sat in bed, ill ...
going to be offline. so lowbatt 
my internet is being sooo slow... 
Ugh! Internet conxn keeps dropping out again 
No internet until wed. 
Has got to stop online shopping!! But cannot help it  ox
Comcast effin hates me! Come back, Internet!! Maybe its the fact that I live in the boonies...hmm... 
Web design camp soon... The last day 
@KevinDollarSign I just got wrecked on the internet 
Internet still down   whats going on out there? I feel so out of touch!
@fairmonthotels so who can I talk to about my erroneous Internet charges 
@lovelessandmore 	 And I hope you is really you. Internet is cool, you never can be sure. 
@lovelessandmore 	I really hope that you are you. The Internet unfortunately we can not be sure. 
@susanmhill But I like the internet. 
Internet not working at home and I don't know how to fix, restarted router and nothing 
I realy have to lern now...  but I'm staying online so you can still write with me...
It's sad how little I can get done without a working internet connection 
@ddlovato I voted the other day. Took 4ever cuz apparently Internet n tweetie is extremely slow =/ &amp; ur song still isnt n iphone iTunes 
@samsam_says lmfao its all good now i have power XD but no internet. 
using internet explorer again due to pc problems  I'll miss you, firefox 
eugh my internet is soooo fucked up 
German parliament votes for censorship in the internet 
someonw should come fix my  internet  its very much not working
German Parliament approved the #Zensursula Internet Censorship law. I was never before ashamed to be German, today I am 
feeling ashamed that Germany now has a law that allows censorship for the Internet 
Internet still doesn't work. This is depressing 
After seventeen hours on the road I'm at my final destination, which sadly doesn't have wireless internet, which means I have to share 
first attempt at getting back into internet dating not going so well 
@crazyirishchick aww  why have you had no internets?
Internet connection at the office is down 
Falling behind on my online courses, its not as easy as it sounds 
The Internet at work went down, so I went riding around in circles (and the office) in my chair. My stomach did not approve. 
stoked egypt beat italy. discobelle mix is finished but my internet is too slow to upload it 
fuck i am hungry! stupid internet is going slow 
@terrysimpson no....Internet.....can't breath just thinking about that 
Internet is still not working   The people on the phone are not very helpful and I can't understand them...
Power still out. zomg internet withdrawal. 
@sweetaddictions no...I haven't  ...my internet is trippin
came home from the beach to a drained checking account  Internet scammers have wicked bad karma coming at them...
@kvanduyne would it b online 2? i dont get cnn 
Death to charter!  Internet is dead.  &quot;We are aware of an outage in your area&quot; fucks. 
My internet connection is blowwwwwwing it right now. No i-chat 
My internet isn't working anymore 
@nickjonas crap i slept through it!  oh well it'll be on the internet soon enough. i bet it was great though!
My ISP has been down for nearly 24 hours.  
@dbrendanm I heard The Hood Internet cancelled their set tonight 
I miss chatting with so many of you. My crappy Internet connection at home and horrible problems with tweetdeck cut into connecting. 
@kahne4cup I haven't actually had time or the Internet connection to upgrade yet.  It's on my todo list for this weekend! Do you have it?
is at the old house using the internet, apparently mom forgot to pay the internet yet again 
@sarahhnguyen We found out that all we needed was a router and our internet connection was sufficient. So no cable yet  
#Austin #timewarner Internet down 
i just broke up with my internet bf  lol
Internet knocked out by storms again 
not having internet made me forget about twitter  whoops
the internet's not working. 
Cleaned the house all day. Not fun. There is no Internet and I am bored as shit. 
. ahh fucking hate my laptop, it says the internet is offline. so i have to use this shity puta 
My Internet connection is dead. Hopefully it'll be back on soon. 
I wish my internet wasn't shaped 
@PebblesBambams you dont no how much i miss him but i have no internet to see him 
Internet is up this morning, but radio dropping out every 10-15secs 
Internet not workin. Again... 
@Chassit  why don't they shut down the  internet completely, would be more efficient 
Whats wrong with my internet connection!? 
Managed to get my Internet unblocked at work. Sometimes it pays to be notoriously good at research. Probably only temporary though.  
Hates going online. I'ld much rather go out/read/sleep/eat/read and did I say read? The internet is getting boring and lame. 
@thegleampt2 WHAT? How do they need saving?! They can't go offline 
fuck. i can;t get into the chat with short stack. motherfucking internet 
Been struggling with my Internet connection all morning! A little painful 
@heawood mummy says i have to not play on the internet now. 
Internet at work is down  now I have to phone tiscali and be told they won't speak to me because I'm not my boss, who insists they won't
Internet is down  blog post will have to wait
My Internet was down today 
My internets are down 
Internet is down @work again......yep its gonna be a long day 
Internet is down @work again......yep its gonna be a long day  http://bit.ly/17nfZd
back pain!! too much on internet 
Internet is acting strange today. 
Having a gorgeous day ... Except the Internet is down at work which means I'll be filing all day  thank God for my iPhone
@moshiicakes and who can actually get to play online 
is absolutely bored and her internet keeps messing up 
internet is sooooooo slow, i have to get off now  !!!!
@cheryldsouza You were online just now. But I got distracted and didn't say 'hi'. And now I can't find you. 
My cable and internet were shut off in the apartment today as scheduled and I'm still here. 
My Internet doesn't work. I'm just sitting here staring at the screen thinking of all the wondrous things I could be doing. 
@BuddingGenius yep. The problem with all Internet fora 
Comcast Internet outage and water in the basement ... not a fun friday.  
There are currently no internet distractions strong enough to keep me from moving. 
@chriscoyier that's the shit side of the Internet  Good luck fixing it, I love  www.css-tricks.com great css and design work.
@jackschofield alas, no, Internet is only available on Virgin Smerics routes coast-to-coast and along the west coast. Boo 
@BronBron i have a wii but no online 
No Internet or tv.  gotta wait for the AT&amp;T guy to make it better &amp; faster. &gt;
Internet is finally working which means it's time to update my iPhone. sucks I can't even try out all the new stuff cause its shut off 
@DKristofer aww... my webcam doesn't work due to really slow/weak/bad internet connection... sorry 
@rickyawesome dude that's perfect! but I need it like now, so ordering online won't work 
@TheFirstSight don't worry, i understand you, sometimes my internet is so freakin' slow too! 
@EmersonBaty idk. i cant make calls or use the internet, worst of all i can use my PockeTwit!!! 
For everyone who knows belle &quot;Internet cat&quot;, she's not going to be around too much longer 
At my photoshoot, waiting for my clients to arrive. Wish there was highspeed internet here 
The tree in the front yard is gone... But it took the tv and Internet with it. 
Internet is dead. 
can't watch HatP's 500th show because her internet connection is being stupid right now. 
wanted to play online poker but at an internet cafe and can't download the app....  
arrgh! internet out at home...likely the modem or router...limited access to cyberspace stinks 
@tele13online noticias religiosas nooooo!!!, eramos felices 
There's no internet access at the new place! 
Internet is severly sucky today.  Not sure, but I think it's on Comcast's end. 
trying to watch dollhouse online. its not working 
is bored XD who's online? just came back from lake and it got burned 
Internet is back! For now 
Internet was down for most of the day and I have a feeling that it won't be up for long. 
chatting with @micpena and @3shMae ~~ @charleneortiz why won't you go online?!?!?! you're the only one missing! 
@jmonterrey A fast internet, cause my internet is slow. It takes 3 hours to download 
@keepinupwkris im trying to listen online and its not workin 
@DeeYoung08 no internet 
@GabrielSaporta: I called....and hung up because I wasn't ready.....and called again....and you were offline. I failed. I FAILED! 
@dreasynn, thanks for finding and following me! You should text me aboat whatever. I don't have a very constant internet access... 
My internet isnt being very nice 
internet is going as fast as a turtle 
My internet if failing pretty bad today.  #fb
lower tummy is feeling uncomfortable. the internet says i am ovulating? or is it gas? i don't know 
Fighting with sify broadband to get my internet connection working .... currently living with dailup connection.. 
No Internet at work...this is fucking sucks!! 
I have to see ppp =o damn, why isnt it on the internet yet? 
stupid internet malfunction ruined my webcam session with nick 
Our band width got used up 2gb worth  =virtually no Internet connection 4 a week 
needs a more reliable internet-connection  http://plurk.com/p/12e97n
Internet fail! This is discouraging. Internode never goes down, so I'm guessing the problem is mine 
Internet signal today sucks ass 
Internet connection was interrupted 
@mahhriahh i haven't heard it yet  i went over $1,200 on my internet bill.. so i only have dumb mobile web.
Storms knocked out my internet satellite connection 
Epic fail of supply of F1 quali streams on the Internet... 
aww slow internet connection. So here i'am surfing thru my phone again 
Off out tweet when I'm back later! Internet on laptop not working. so iTouch for now 
I hate my internet.. 
i dont like not being able to talk to him  i hope he gets online soon.
i spend too much time on the internet.. i need a break. 
LydiaMaddox and porn spam comes to twitter. 
AppScene is offline right now 
@anantg I had no Internet! 
@swankboy You don't use enough emoticons or Internet jargon. Very disappointing  
I love when my internet randomly stops working  #fb
listening to my econ teacher on the internet 
Trying to download a game for my phone, but no internet access. 
Why @comcast?! Why must you provide me such a crappy Internet connection?! I just want to shoot my cable modem 
Babysitting. And I can't get the internet to work. 
I really should not have upgraded my internet explorer ... , twitter not working now 
i don't know where to go on the internet it's depressing 
internet back, but for how long 
why is my internet being so poo? 
has no Internet access on the mountain. Sprint Evdo card has forsaken me... No Justin.tv tonite 
@VATD I can't even use the Internet on my mac, at all 
maven downloading the internet again... sigh 
I have nothing to do without a stable internet connection. 
@TheKrewe Web page under construction.....  
@StitchinSista I tried blackberries and redberries too. They didn't eat  I usually look on the internet before I give them, it's possible.
Going to go a week with out Internet             (I think)
i'm trying to upload the photo on twitpic but it won't let me cause my internet is tooooooo slow 
#iPhone I want one  Internet everywhere and anywhere, ahhh!
im a spam online... 
hommeee...  at least I have fast internet again!
@richard4481  just cos my internet died on me you dont love me no more  
@vickytcobra D: I was watching you on the live cam and then my internet fucked up and froze 
why isnt anyone online 
blergh the internet is boring...i guess i should take this as a sign that i should work on my costume 
i wish your driving lessons finish quickly so you can go online.  i want to talk to you.
@morganmarie ugh, my internet just went down and I can't get the site on my phone  this is just not a good night.
oh my goodness, I sucked up the Internet, now it's really slow.  arrgghh y? y?
Stupid Internet is not working very well at all! Garrrrrarrrrrrarrrrr! This means I will have to do housework  tempted to make a lime pie.
I wish my internet was working 
@marsram actually, they asked yesterday that we stop that activity, as it's making it impossible for the citizens to use the internet. 
Started creating a book on Drupal based on CS's product on copyright. Pretty tedious, what with the slow Internet connection 
is too addicted to the internet. 
aargh. slow computer internet. 
My internet hasn't been nice to me lately. 
Its boring without the internet 
@merkzero Just discovered an internet cafe today, my hotspot near the appartment has proven less then reliable  they keep turning it off
is downloading skype for my windows....it takes aylot of my time ( internet dodooolll ) 
ahhhhhhhhhh rove is boring now. and the internet. i am bored 
Internet here is as slow as ever. 
Internet is slow during the day... on a Sunday!!!! Pffffff.... won't be able to watch Silverstone.... 
My internet connection is really frustrating 
The internet suck, i can't get more connection 
@Hoidy msn just froze! i can go on the internet but its just no lettin me open up the convoo.. 
Where can I watch the match online? 
Where can I watch the match online?  #PakCricket
@Kaliedeskope  watch it and stay online though?
Not many more tweets today...going to grandmas haha no internet! 
 stupid vergin media had my internet limmited to 256kbps stupid peek times
Noice. Internet connection's fucked up! I'm really lucky lately... mmpf 
no internet access 
ever had your internet go out while you were taking a test online? that would be me, last night. 
#addictedto the internet 
@mywaynow I don't have wifi so i cant get online to watch it 
Is upset that I didn't get what I ordered online. 
Internet @ works doesn't work. Bleh  drake is funny
Trying to get my Grandparents stupid Internet to work 
has no internet or cable and doesn't know when i will. 
Finally home.. still not feeling too well  but excited that TWC tech fixed my Internet. That guy is awesome. I feel a little better now
@Igiggles ahh i dont have that  .. might watch it someday on the internet 
@KngDough What's your monthly bill? We were paying $100+/- a few for Charter cable and internet. Canceled cable, now pay $69 for Internet 
...shopping online...cos i'm ill 
my internet connection is totally sucks tonight 
@jonconnelly i'm an internet geek i guess.i'm just a fan of them.barely use my phone for twitter..just texts really. no internet on phone 
Still waiting on the ISP to check out their wireless equipment and earn the money I pay them each month. Dial up would be more reliable 
- Internet us up and it's down 
Internet gone again .. thank you Comcast!! it's not like I need to be connected to work or anything .. I'm just surfing for fun 
says the internet has been so sucky recently.  http://plurk.com/p/13a2q9
@timbray still no APE online? 
No internet connection (even for presenters) all afternoon at #umap2009 ... #fail 
Blog post will have to wait till this afternoon, my Internet is out  booooo
my internet connection failed. trying to fix it but in vain 
boo no internets for you. 
I've just become aware of how deeply many people are going to really hate RotF, probably with some cause. Internet talk's gonna be UGLY. 
is extremely sad. laptop is completely dead  no internet anymore...
noooo. why did my internet have to die?? 
@gigisantillo I dislike your internet.  I'm having separation anxiety to the max!!  
downloading internet explorer 8 has been crashing ppls comps.  beware!  
My internet is down  will try to get on somewhere to reply to all
@PhillyNYY Internet issues 
Work just enabled a new Internet Filtering system &amp; blocked pretty much everything including BibleGateway.com &amp; ChristianRock.net  #fb
such a drag to go look at past clients' Web stuff and see it all out of whack  
Internet is so slow... unusable for work  http://www.fedmich.com/life/
@circasurvive watched how it ends online and apparently there were permit issues?? update us please! 
Uggh! Internet is intermittent, and Comcast keeps dropping our support calls. Bad cable service, no cookie 
at my aunts, its late and on her mobile internet thing! I miss my home internet, so so much faster! 
@AdmiralApparent I have no internet access. 
My computer won't let me connect to the internet 
@nasyaisabella well, I would, but I should probably do some art as I've been watching movies- and I'm scared I'll use up all the internet 
Internet.. sucks!  It kept failing 
@taylortighten then why can't you get online? 
@EileenLeft I hope it's just their Internet outages and not something else. 
@Mereshowtime @Wanpeirui  or different ISP... or Chinese just decided to f***** up all my office computer! 
Internet still down.... I'm experiencing withdrawals.  off to bed with me.
My Internet isn't working 
suddenly like all of my internet went out while i was keeping myself from death of boredom on youtube 
text me i have no internet or tv 
No internet access on the mobile 
@kelly272727 sorry about having to go justin has the worst internet ever 
@EmilyCOBRA haha thanks! But there's no way i can enter cause I  have no Internet anywhere 
Bye bye Internet. I anxiously await the day where you'll join me on my long international flights. 
2morrow 5 Days Killarney, without Internet 
Systems report SONIS Web requests maintenance. 
@partywithgmack no 3G network over here  headed outside now.
mobile internet is just not enough 
I have just discovered that in america does not pay the Internet connection!! I live in Italy and we pay it!! This isn't fair!!! 
Setting up an network. 
i officially hate network 3 
@RozD I'm sorry!! LOL I don't have it  - any ideas if it is online anywhere o.O
has crashed internet  http://plurk.com/p/13v6ht
Going to the prado! Internet is limited now  having a great time!
My internet is being really slow, that normally means it's about to run out   We have like a monthly limit..I hope I'm wrong..
I am working very hard, almost full day spending on Internet;P and it is very tiring  !!
Ich hasse Internet Explorer. 
@RodneyQuarcoo not yet my internet has been a bit spotty these past few days..i'm stuck downloading at 2kBs.... 
Sigh. I am have to have to transcode all of my mkv files and embed subtitles in order for it to be streamed over the Internet properly. 
No internet again 
Sigh. I am going to have to transcode all of my mkv files and embed subtitles in order for it to be streamed over the Internet properly. 
No power on central campus.  no Internet for my computer... Thank goodness I've got my trusty iPhone!
Wow, tons of new internet scams out there 
i have about 1 minute left of internet 
@peterfacinelli been trying to enter for over an hour... says the site is offline!!! The internet must really not like your contest 
This is it. I am off the Internet. I just said LOL instead of actually laughing out loud to my friends joke in person 
Internet still broken.  BT sending engineer tomorrow. Fingers crossed.
So I just found out my apt. does not have wireless internet like I thought. I don't know where my cable is, so until then no internet. 
Internet connection broke down.  now I have to use my blackberry to surf the net and chat. How pathetic!!! FUcK tHis!!
About to head to campus and get some physics done...cuz our internet isn't working. 
@Wizpig - social network 
Internet connection is being unspeakably lame today 
@CartBozman don't you worry matey, I'm still around, just trying to juggle podcasting, life, and my Internet life 
@fartingpen @far1983 @dharshana @rampantheart @lavanyaj @sudhamshu @adapaavi @disobedientgirl haha that makes @fartingpen my online fart 
Chatting online 
@diablocody No fail whale means you have a steady internet connection. Be proud to have never seen it 
@lu_lu Internet says average blowjob lasts 20mins, at WA minimum wage of $17.60/hr for casual that rounds out to about $11.61 per blowjob 
@sil Ah, fair enoughski  Internet connections are fast enough these days for me to rely on using FreeNX from anywhere ;)
@turnitgrey /continued so my internet got taken off me, im at my cousins house twittering  i wants a reply from braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadie.
I like to have a million of internet amigos! yeeeeeeeeeeeeey! amigos 
new server wheeeeeee and I can code online 
global campus internet nya down. global gimana maksudnya boss? 
@swingie Just had a conversation with @tonimassaar about how 'dependent' we seem to be of internet and mobile phones nowadays, 
Sitting in a cafe working. For once, feels like the internet frees me rather than tethering 
I got the internet on my telly 
@itdx I'm holding out for Web 4.0.   
@mattnotley2004 just me and Ellery man. Nice and quiet now. Wireless Internet works pretty good once settled. 
@tandmark  you watching online or what?  
Watching a little 90210 online.  
@jimbones You can design/order your own converse online 
I have to go to mass later so I have to make the most of being on the internet while my mom's not here. 
finally got an internet connection outside! i reckon ive hacked my neighbours but ohwell. 
@megha817 intuitive...very very intuitive...over online n long distance too 
@TheMandyMoore  aha....enjoying in the internet 
http://tinyurl.com/6b2su3  One of the best videos on the internet! 
@mattwilliamson How I yearn for 1996 Internet.  LOL
internet is working again!! i fixed it.just call me jasmine the builder. 
Listening to the jays game. Thank you, free Internet radio 
After 2.5 days of complete Internet blackout (due to my Reliance ISP), I'm feeling SOBER after twitting 
@loudmouthman Assuming re #Fasthosts vs #Memset, thanks  Being owner-managed vs United-Internet/Pipex/Faceless-Mega-Corp -managed helps ;)
@Grooveshark definitely will!  hope my Internet picks up though... Too slow!
@kayteemae no internet = me going insane. It came back now though 
my internet is back again, yipee! 
Wouldn't it be pleasant if upload speeds kept up with the online video explosion? 
Online21 servers back online 
Oh, I've finally got an Internet connection on the iPhone 
@markpeak Heh, that's not surprising la ka. What do you expect from a government whose ICT Minister cares only about Internet censorship 
@ylizabeth @bitchville kicks are fully win. but that joint is extortion, better off ordering online 
@henkvaness lots of squatters for every Internet company with some success 
@Mpieters I find it funny, cause to me NO site is best viewed in Internet Explorer 
Latest Pew &quot;The Future of the Internet&quot; report (shameless self-promotion; can't believe they actually quoted me  http://bit.ly/umBHv
@MarketingDonut If I can help in anyway - with input on Online PR, social media, blogging, etc. let me know 
is wondering whose online atm?? 
@Leaser_r I got the itouch but couldn't get Internet alot, so I got the iPhone...yeah, it's very addictive...I think I need help 
I'm working online 
@BeeswaxOverdryv ok, i am really worried now! some uses of online translation services should be banned  
Saweeet, I was just tethering internet from my iPhone to my computer via #iphoneos 3.0 beta 4 
@ColleenCoplick Not if used right  &quot;Internet marketer&quot; and &quot;social media expert&quot; are def mine
came back online and nothin so i say goodnight all 
I'm surfing the Internet as usual 
Is creating a revision timetable online   the internet is magical and feeds my technological needs in every aspect of my life 
@cillian23 I'm watching online 
@davidschneider whatever you do, don't put google into google - it's said someone did once and broke the whole Internet for a few hours 
@DecentMan when you buy a domain name, in order to have that website on the internet, your domain must be hosted on a server 
I was so lost without internet... 
making networks with new websites 
Wtf my internet is not workin i want to go on youtube hella bad i just had a buffet of food 
@tottielimejuice in Norfolk with in laws no Internet back ties 
went online just to update plurk. yay  http://plurk.com/p/risdy
@jester No you're not - you're on the internet 
@walker33190 Yeah, not having a TV sucks, which is why I'm glad that you can find pretty much anything on the Internet. 
watching greys anatomy online for free 
@MayTC I'm wondering if you will get online again... haha 
@feliciaday but isn't that what social networks r 4? 
@beltranm hello  I'm up late playing on the internet. I love you! 
listening to faith spirituality and the internet 
hate public Internet... sometimes they don't even reach farther than the transmitter itself... and I'm sitting right next to it  #WIN
@Vixster25 Internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn I'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done 
@RQOCJD if they try ill hack into the mainframe of the internet database and unban them!!!it may take a while but I WILL!...im high 
trying to watch lost online very annoying and slow...the internet not lost 
@ChownTown  I think the pool bit has the possibility to become an Internet SENSATION!
is tired. And turning off the Internet. You can play on it in the morning. 
@Timprescott wasn't the &quot;layers&quot; just absolute positioned divs? Web compability killer 
@AdamTheStudent ISP all sorted i gather?! cheers for the bday wish too 
@jayshake Internet radio thing for one of the many forums I am on 
right now, im on the Internet Cafe 
@Hstreet96 always good to see you - even in cyberspace 
Yay got the Internet on my itouch working 
@directorSandy I fucking love the fucking internet.  
@easmart can u online on your hotmail? 
changed my h/p number go online msn messenger to see 
I don't think our ISP is too happy with us this weekend! 
Habbo Online.  may account ako. ' jennyvin' add niyo hah! ^^
@jonbartlettuk What ISP do you use? If you don't have @internode, you should switch. 
is there a hairdresser online now? please write 
@atrain2324 I have that song, eyedeekay when ill be on the internet though. It was on limewiree. 
Watching TV until 10PM, then finishing French homework. No distractions from the Internet tonight! 
@hepburnsessions well it sounded like u didnt have a second, u went offline pretty much immediately 
is glued on the internet  
is yay  chamichi's online. haha.  (dance) http://plurk.com/p/t9dis
Online after 10 days.. feels like oxygen 
@markhoppus online song online song online song online song online song online song online song pleaseeeee 
the revolution will not be televised! ...however, ...it will be available on the internet .... 
going back to bed... gnite internet... 
@metaMeerkat Internet stuff  ask the people who are there  currently @art2gee is prophesising
My network is getting quite intreresting lately... 
Online money making system I created,only $10, 200% money back guarantee! http://atomurl.org/1600/ No risk at all 
hmm, tried to access o2 broadband - currently down. not a good sign 
haha noo internet was playing up couldn't get on it 
Haha but you know what? nothing better than good old Dial-Up Internet Sounds!!!!   hahaha and yeah Nokia was great!
starting to learn Brazilian Portuguese online by myself 
Internet is down in my house-- so sad! At least my iPhone doesn't need to rely on wireless! 
My internet's not working!  text me 
Web server migrated fine last night so I can check that on my business action list fortunately 
at coffeebean now with them same frengs! internets better 
he's online 
Internet shopping today  lots of clothes coming my way hehehehe
@RAWWRkatie just talk to randomers on the internet!  
Resting during our 12 boys rest hour and checking out all that I missed the last couple of days on the Internet. Not much apparently 
the internet's a distraction... ...waffles in the near future 
Internet is working again, joyyyy. 
@ryoc2003 it's online 
@scrubbybubbles LOL!  I should have put online only...sorry 'bout that.  
Pemerintah open source ganti twitter id. abis ini pemilu The President of The Internet 
@steamrunner I am having DMZ &amp; VPN issues too.. Well not me personally, just kit that requires them to work.. The Internet = Ball Ache 
@wilw http://twitpic.com/5ezjc - Hi nice Internet people! 
says o'yea ! online again .  http://plurk.com/p/uhzw8
Tearing myself away from the internet. 15 hrs till I get a reliable connection! Until then: lines, security, inflight movie &amp; then home. 
online  follow me ;)
@plusnet My internet is up again, no restart needed 
not sure if my internet is working yet, not sure if I feel like bothering to find out 
@greedy_yearning I will be online in a few minutens 
Looking a new mobile that is easy, efficient, light weight, allows easy search for info on internet, has gps and cheap, any suggestions? 
Online again! 
@FrodoUK pot kettle black - the Internet version of dot cotton 
@s_constantine lol, I knew you'd pick on that one so that is why I used it...your online strategy 
online. 
@cArtPhotography It's been YEARS!!    (In Internet-time).
HOLA TWEEPS! Sorry for no tweet day! Internet was out! It really sucked! Anyways, sorry 
is Online! 
@screamamyyfire it would be so much easier to get a phone with internet or a twitter application 
Internet so freaking slow sigh hi at all new followers  welcome to the world @samiika @nastasyatay
@davebriggs &quot;Internet blog&quot;? As opposed to the blog she projects onto the face of the moon like the Bat Signal perhaps? 
@aimizubouken take care..my internet connection too slow..ki o tsukete kudasai 
(Online) listen to some songs 
Use Panda Internet Security 2009 Free for 3 months  http://chilp.it/?7f3811
Use Panda Internet Security 2009 Free for 3 months  http://chilp.it/?bb41d9
new internet connection and new little netbook yeah 
@brodybond LOL. I think I'm only like  G-list internet famous, so it ain't saying much ;) but you're welcome! 
@mnowluck @chhama  me @ home n u know how the internet connection is like out here ( keep on tweeting ...will b back soon 
@DonMcAllister ahhh. fair point. I forget not everyone goes for the fastest most unlimited package their ISP has to offer. 
I love the air today  Internet marketing is great especially if you get to sit next to a big open window
@amberrbabyy  its weird , but hes so lean &amp; muscular O__O ! i can't get over that . &amp; he has no internet ! :o
@NewtonMark @katelundy will likely post the speech online, as we try to do with all her speeches 
A lil online shopping then bed 
huaah, enjoying surfing internet now. get relax 
***!!!*** Safe Internet for Kids -- FINALLY !  *** KidZui, THE Internet for Kds: http://www.kidzui.com/ ***!!!***
@nicoleeeeeloves sorry. i have shitty internet connection right now. i'm back 
Just started reading O'Reilly's XMPP book. Good stuff. Now off to sleep so I can dream of some massively scalable Internet architecture. 
guilty pleasure: writing for the internet under a pseudonym. It's awesome to have fan mail. have been answering it for 1/2 an hour.  
Finally got my internet going again.. just relisted two readings  http://nirvie.etsy.com
trying to get my internet working so i can get on some stickam 
@theclimbergirl I don't know, I will throw it up online.   It really does work on me...
I have just connected my PC to the internet via 3G on my phone, now that's pretty cool 
@teddyron who'd have thought it all those years ago? The Internet is AWESOME! 'Cited 
says the smart bro team came over to fix my Internet connection. YEY!  http://plurk.com/p/wxrwr
finally my internet works! yippee!!! 
@alphabetania coordinate with her, she might be offline so perhaps call her? I'm keen if she is 
