Most common words for this cluster:
[('iphone', 1002), ('g', 66), ('app', 54), ('update', 45), ('quot', 33), ('i', 32), ('software', 31), ('phone', 29), ('iphones', 29), ('amp', 29), ('version', 28), ('apple', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'iPhone', 0.9999028444290161), (u'iPad', 0.8656127452850342), (u'Iphone', 0.8169626593589783), (u'IPhone', 0.8168205618858337), (u'iPhone_3GS', 0.809666633605957), (u'iPhones', 0.8095914721488953), (u'iPhone_3G', 0.783806324005127), (u'iOS', 0.7582398056983948), (u'iphone', 0.7547311186790466), (u'Palm_Pre', 0.7496430277824402)]





I wish my iPhone would let me do the @ thing  it would be SO much easier
@sam_piroton hope so - I don't have an iPhone (@lauraoliver) 
I sooo cannot afford to get an iPhone 
@bigste78 I wish o2 would do better deals on the iPhone 
Ugh, fixed my #iPhone syncing issue,  just two days ago, now it's back again. Not happy. 
I *know* coveritlive mobile works on an iPhone.  but apparently I don't have one of those  #txdla09
I see all of those really cool apps for the iPhone on the commercials, but she. I look in the app store there all dumb games 
Just got my thumb plastered and now I can't type as fast on my iPhone 
@JoeSoFresh &quot;video not supported on iPhone&quot;  could you just tweet the whole script, with a description of the action? 
http://pic.im/1q5 - sunset on iPhone, 
@gfdking can't find you on ustream iPhone app 
@captzoden I was looking for it, but it isn't on the iPhone keyboard. 
dropped my iPhone and now the home button doesn't work. good thing i get an upgrade in a few weeks. but that doesn't help me now.. 
I'm in the mood for some racing, so I'm just downloading iPhone apps to race  and plus I'm just really bored 
@iamwhoever favour ... can u write song title before u blip .. I can't tell off my iPhone 
@aussieboby   Where does the weekend go? Sounds like it times for some iPhone poker! If the girls will let you. ;)
dreamt she had an iPhone 
now if only I could do it on my iPhone without having to jailbreak it 
Seems like sync over the air is not working for contacts and calendar in iPhone 3.0 beta 3 
My iPhone is broken 
Why is there no live tv on my iPhone 
@chriswallace can't see them on my iPhone 
My carelessness led to wiping out all contacts on my iPhone 
@five98 Yes. The iPhone has changed my connected life! it's just sad the network can't support high usage venues.  sxsw/coachella/macworld
My iPhone isn't lasting long enough  help!!!!
@syalam Need a 3G iPhone to fully enjoy trapster 
I seriously need to stop slacking on my iPhone development, to much damn WoW 
Amazing how much crap is in the iPhone app store 
@michaelmuhney : No  but I looking also for an iPhone.
grrrr, my replacement iPhone still hasn't arrived! Looks like no fun in the sun for me at dinnertime 
I'm already struggling having no iPhone 
You could always just go to: http://m.twitter.com That's what I do. The non-iPhone apps I've found so far all kinda suck. 
@staceymeow yeha they are goood u lucky bitch i get a slide shit asian fone i wanted an iPhone but dad sed no 
The new update for #geodefence won't install on my beta 4 #iPhone  buh!
I got in biiiiiiig trouble for that last tweet. Socially inappropriate time for iPhone tweets. 
REsearching promoting iPhone apps, aint an easy thing to do 
At the laundrette bored, not getting an iPhone now  i am getting an iPod Touch so it's still cool but i did want the iPhone
@frombecca the 'wife' has made scones with lemonade and I even posted it but forgot, she reminded me, will send link, can't on iPhone 
@RetroRewind I'm still trying to figure out how to get your station on my iPhone 
Moms on her wayback from the airport, gonna go pick her up, would show u photo's but iPhone she is broken 
@xmellyssax We lost our iPhone  http://lensa.co.uk/2009/03/moving-on/
mmm site is getting hammered, iPhone app has got massive coverage somewhere big but cant figure out where 
@kwanjoo Thanks for the cheat :p Haha. iPhone just hasn't been syncing well to my iTunes lately. It's not even backing up my apps! 
@HodgePodgery I can't afford an iPhone yet.  *snif sniff*
When will we have iPhone sdk on windows? I don,t want to buy a MacBook right now  #fb
man I hate Apple's market placement. but cant argue with the methods behind it. I want to develop for iPhone. but I need a mac to do that 
@haygurl I was all excited to watch your new video but it won't load on my iPhone 
@mathewhulbert It's an iPhone app, so you need an iPhone. If you've got one, it's free ; if not, it's pretty expensive 
@eminem http://twitpic.com/4j585 - cool... but I don't have iPhone 
How come I can't view .gif files on my iPhone?  
@simpletaskapp meh. I just woke up. I need the iPhone app to see the true beauty of the desktop app 
Why are there no free wifi scanners for iPhone? I knew of one, but it refuses to start on 3.0 beta. 
desperately wants an iPhone... 
Hey @robluketic your iPhone's frozen   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
Getting a new phone tommorow, sadly not the iPhone 
@tiffanymlowe text like it does for iPhones though  lame haha oh well
Dangit!!! Another iPhone bites the dust 
@charliestyr charlie thnx 4 the pics, did u take them? That's a shame we can't use our iPhone in our car 
@RobertKazinsky hey, I know u.ve given this b4 but I can't fir d the link now  how can I get u on my iPhone?xx
dreaming of the iPhone... 
@changroy you got iPhone? thats cool! i envy! 
My iPhone is starting to fuck up 
@Pupitmiser I told my friend android blows iPhones out of the water... he got mad  you got me in trouble. oh, songbird = cool
I wish I can copy and paste on the iPhone/itouch 
@michaelharries check out iPhone app the extraordinaries and micro volunteering #cua09 can't here cause no wifi 
um I still fly like my 2g iPhone but I hate looking at the cracked screen! 
@KingQuagmire can't watch your vids on my iPhone  Doesnt like flash player or something
@tschoi In Korea, iPhone is not released  so it's impossible to use iPhone as cellphone. but u can buy &amp; use if only u want~
@tommcfly fave followers that is. We don't follow her face, haha. I hate iPhone predictive text 
Purchased apps on my iPhone aren't working 
see demo about Photoshop.com and iPhone, I don't have iPhone 
Missed soccer  boo. And iPhone won't charge...worrisome. But it's a beautiful day and tomorrow will be too.
@mohalen I am on battle.net with my iPhone, yes.  Kilzar is without one. 
@Damij I can't listen to blip on my iPhone!! 
@snoofy looking at their iPhone plans, I can't see a $100 one with $550 of calls included  http://tinyurl.com/oxhaba
If you use twitterfon on the iPhone, don't get the update...it just fills it with ads 
Aww man, my internet isn't working in my apartment right now.  At least I have my iPhone. x_x
I really want a iPhone or iTouch 
@markdavidson That's the reason I'm still with Verizon, unfortunately.... or else I'd have the iPhone!  
but must wait for train to get home. btw I am the worst typer on the iPhone keyboard 
Still no iPhone to me.. 
At mcd's with iPhone but free wifi is giving me the wrong landing page so no link for the McDonalds free login  3G will have to suffice
@timejustine No orange phone, since swapping to the iPhone 
@zydah I only have a twitter client on my iPhone now 
 boooo! My iPhone is dying!
I want my iPhone now 
Depressed Finally got an iPhone and there is an new one on the horizon this always happens to me. 
... on the road again ... (my stupid iPhone changed always my capitals  )
@natalidelconte the video isn't working on the iPhone 
FINALLY got around to getting a cool protective cover for my 3G iPhone ... been dropped so many times already 
hmmm FINALLY got around to getting a cool protective cover for my 3G iPhone ... been dropped so many times already 
I'm sad about the new iPhone. I donwanna feel like i have the second rate version with a whole yr remaining of my current iPhone contract 
@hollisthomases thanks for the tip! although it's iPhone only 
@chatterboxreb my iPhone is tainted now 
Is it just me, or are the controls for Bloons on iPhone/iTouch a bit broken?  
@Mkenn076 it's not showing on the iPhone. 
Its not that we don't have an iPhone app, its that Apple won't let us have an iPhone app. (via @TFLN) I second that 
My wifi on iPhone stopped working 
#optus 3G has crashed and I cant do anything on my #iPhone... I feel like an arm has been cut off 
@Troiboi #optus 3G has crashed and I cant do anything on my #iPhone... I feel like an arm has been cut off 
I split the back of my iPhone. I dropped it. 
my phone just went to cell phone heaven  no more metro no more iPhone and now no more lx. lol I waste alot of money replacing phones
@Vzzzbx I'm glad/sad that it's not just me/my iPhone  #badoptus
@andymakesurandy don't worry iPhone users are just as privileged  wish i were heading to the pool 
@ingek73 I'm on blip but can't get it to work on me iPhone 
@cbobcreson @silatjunkie  So, @kfrieze just pointed out to me that she has not been able to be involved in this convo for lack an iPhone 
@Jeefthepirate @thedeadknight I know it's sad. But back in 05 the auto industry didn't understand that iPhones would change our lives 
hmm, anyone else have their iPhone's earphones' grey rubber disintegrating? 
I just realized that I can't forward text msgs with my iPhone. 
sitting next to bed. cannot lay down because iPhone charging cable is too short. 
@daynah it doesn't work with the iPhone yet   I love it for the simplicity but I need to be able to sort tasks on my iPhone to be useful
I want an iPhone &lt;33333 
frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry!!!! 
iPhone just fell 
I can't I'm on my iPhone 
@mattpicasso iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home 
@AndrewMayne does it work on the iPhone as my MacBook is flat 
Just noticed the volume rocker on my iPhone is gone. I had it before I left work. That asphalt drop fuched my phone harder than I thought 
@JustKodack I got it to work via email but when I use the app on my iPhone it doesn't work 
Just dropped and cracked plastic back of iPhone. 
@baovo Just dropped and cracked plastic back of iPhone. 
the roaming charges from my european iPhone are enormous so I just switched the whole phone off... 
@angusnb the silence button switch thing on the side broke off my iPhone 
@jaypthaker @angusnb the silence button switch thing on the side broke off my iPhone 
Anyone else have an iPhone 3G that just doesn't stay charged for an entire day? 
Hauling a 17&quot; thinkpad to #hcn09 because the iPhone never recovered from the water spill 
The only thing thats really missing with the iPhone is worldwide support that &quot;just works&quot;... especially in italy! 
Aw crap - I bought iPhone not iPhone 3G screen protectors., They're an inky wee bit too small 
@Madamemish I'm stupid and can't type. I shall admonish my iPhone for not hiding this from my public. And then cry. 
Just missed a classic photo shot by a split second because of the iPhone's painfully slow camera startup delay 
@_Kimzilla I gained an iPhone and you lost one 
Completely shattered my iPhone screen 
@joeypage dude,that game thing I your iPhone,I so don't get it? I have like $1,000 &amp; I keep loosing when I attack? I so don't get it 
@xFLOYDxMUSICx LOL. I hate when my iPhone doesn't catch some of my spelling mistakes 
I really wish I knew where my iPhone is 
@rmthree it's super sex. I tried to take a pic but the iPhone doesn't zoom 
I can't get mah tweets for da party on mah iPhone  #mmwanted
My phone just got it's first bruise  my poor iPhone!!!
my iPhone has lost it's keyboard 
Nooooooooooooo! iPhone glass cracked. 
Beach dog... Right before I dropped my iPhone in the sand   http://twitpic.com/6coja
The word suggestion tool on the iPhone doesn't always help 
...and it looks like the iPhone's camera can't handle low light well at all 
at iPhone store getting a new iPhone to replace mine that just broke 
@shamdism I'm not surprised your getting brown even I am! Londons amazing! I know so gd on iPhone huh! I'm leaving tue to hk  when u back?
so bored... i wish i could get a new app on my iPhone but my dad wont by me a new credit card so i can pay off the money i owe to iTunes. 
@BoogieDownTwitt got an iPhone, no video recording 
Is not in a good mood now - not after someone collided into my hand and the iPhone skidded on the concrete  and a minor knee injury  
@thehitlist When will you release an iPhone app? I want iPhone syncing. 
My laptop is busy compiling video so I must spend the evening on iPhone 
@isacullen when a pic of rob is posted can you please @ me! I'm in bed on the iPhone! I gave up  lying here like, o man!
@3eb_official  can't be viewed on iPhone...
dropped my iPhone so hard that the dent has jammed the silent switch 
On the way home wishing I had put breaking bad eps on my iPhone to keep me company 
@Twilightish I'm having same issues on my iPhone 
@designthinkers Unless it's an iPhone with a broken touch panel 
In a meeting with @digione and @davidburden who's iPhone is picking up 3g but mine not 
Just had 2 restore my iPhone - *sad*  but on the plus side.. now I know that I shud bk it up more often so I don't have 2 d/l so much :-/
@snh I don't have an iPhone...so I can tell you 
@snh I don't have an iPhone, so i can't tell you 
FFS WTF was this? I thought I broke my iPhone for a second   http://twitpic.com/6en5h
Running out of iPhone battery at #momoams so exit twitter for now 
I think I just killed my iPhone 
is sad, my iPhone is broken 
@ThisGirlLovesIt yes but now I'm connected with the iPhone, my pc is broken. 
I cracked the screen on my iPhone  bummer!!
Testing out twitterfon.....I wish I had an iPhone 
wishes I had an iPhone  
I think my iPhone is broken   I can't send any emails out.
  The iPhone will be out of commission for a while.
I think its time to get a blackbery @mrs_schratty I think my iPhone is broken  I can't send any emails out.
 I keep getting errors on iPhone and it saves okay online but I see nothing
@mikeywax it totally does! iPhones makes everything look fancy! However it dosent hold true for the bill 
Just spent the last half hour battling with :before and :after on iPhone...decided they're not as useful as they could be 
Someone at work told me there is an app store for andriod phones and it has a cartman quote generator, can't find one for iPhone tho 
@jmccartie I keep losing it on my iPhone as well  annoying  #atlassiansummit
@TheePrivileged I really hate I can't update with my jailbroken iPhone! 
@NextMoon the iPhone ap only works with the 09 version. 
the nicest way... into Blackberry land. I miss my pretty iPhone alreayd. 
I just dropped and cracked my 5th iPhone 
I totally need a iPhone.. I fail at modern cell phone ownership 
@MrKraftSingles it's not goin to it..I'm on my phone  but I got an iPhone it should be workin but it's bein gay..what is it?
sadly i did not win an iPhone 
@CulverE Now I wish I had that on my iPhone 
@shamazipan I would post a pic of them but the camera on my iPhone doesn't work anymore 
@angelmagno iPhone. :/ I don't want thaaat. I want the Sidekickkk. 
I love the iPhone battery  #fowa
I hate my iPhone sometimes 
Shiieet, my iPhone has a crack on the back 
Bing is ugly on my iPhone 
@hollywouldntphl oh my...bejewled?! I'd play too but I'm kinda color blind  to bring things too your level, I'm addicted to iPhone games!
My iPhone is going to iPhone hospital tomorrow 
@stephenfry I have a pooly iPhone and it has to go to iPhone hospital. Only took me a month to break it. Actually it broke by itself 
Trying to get over iPhone for my new bb storm... Bye iPhone 
@blackbirdcorner tweeted out of api's too much refreshing from iPhone  sorry.  game of two halves blah blah token refs making tokin calls
NetNewsWire for iPhone has not loaded for me in 2 days? Any advice to fix this? #fail 
Why have all my free iPhone apps suddenly become plagued with adverts? 
OK Apple Store gve me a new iPhone. I wasn't paranoid, my old iPhone was dropping 46% of my calls.  #iPhone
twibble's gone all funny, I so want an iPhone 
The iPhone is not all powerful  battery low
@velanche actually something is up with the stream, it's not working on my iPhone  using wunderradio and it just hangs at connecting
@razorianfly it's a shame, but when you grab it from the iPhone, the photos app degrades the quality 
@mbreitweiser stupid flash player 10 is too fancy for the iPhone so I can't watch it 
I'm on @sassykitty2's new iPhone. 
@nicolle77 Not fair.  I want to keep my iPhone but get voice notes.  
I miss my iPhone. 
Just washed my iPhone. 
@YoungQ oops bad spelling.. I'm on my iPhone 
@jen004 I was all excited about it, and the new iPhones, however I realized I have no one to call and no one to call me  #depressed.
@desertrose0601 I want iPhone so bad, but christ it's expensive as hell for the phone AND the service 
@rodzylstra check out grooveshark.com for a decent seeqpod replacement. No mobile/iPhone view though 
I got excited when I saw that my iPhone showed five voicemails and 23 unread emails, but then I noticed that it was actually 33 emails. 
I think my iPhone speaker is zapping out 
@gwbell I disappoint. They don't accept iPhone coupons. I left the printed out version at home on accident. 
Wow iPhone *earbuds are 28 dollars! 
I feel ill  although the kind of ill where I think my brain can cope with myst - so I'll buy the iPhone version
is going to work for 7 hours  Luckily I have my iPhone so can make twitter posts as I work =D
If only @tweetie for iPhone supported auto refresh and count indicators on the icon bar like twitterfon 
black screen on my iPhone- it just won't wake up  What do I do????
@DjFlush but loosing the iPhone n tht too like this  khair I hope it gets fixed play around a bit ?
@DutchieDude i hate not having an iPhone 
@whitespider1066 bummer, don't know if my iPhone will last til then. it's definitely on its last legs 
my iPhone i dead 
I wish my iPhone camera was working 
@agirlcalledm I would have had an iPhone in a millisecond but I am too tied to Verizon 
@amiemccarron That is *exactly* why so many of us recommend the iPhone. I know it's &quot;trendy&quot; and all, but we can't help that 
@greatlahunt...in the process of winning...one iPhone down.  
My other brother got an iPhone but I didnt 
@parisperfection I would of got the 16gb iPhone but I didnt have the extra $100 
The battery in my computer burned  out &amp; now I'm having withdrawals. iPhone will have to do foe now 
@peterfacinelli What happens if we want to chat with you and we don't have an iPhone? 
@PhoneTrips  I guess iPhone does teach you to be even more professional? Or I should act even more inzanely professional!
@sammyrichards yes yahoo + iPhone not working for me 
I think i'll go over some iPhone app video reviews before doing any more, i don't want to get far only to find that I have to re-do them 
Eeeep!  I have run out of room on my iPhone! 
@jamescarruthers Respect! Wish F1 timing would work on iPhone 
Aaaaaaaaand I just shattered my iPhone 
@jaycloth no sign of iPhone update yet matey boy 
My dad just got an iPhone 3g and I'm missing my old iPhone 
@madamejenny oh no, I only just saw your msg  I hope your not still outside. If thats not a reason for @borgasm to get an iPhone
@technologyfr8k no sadly I don't have an iPhone 
Nothing to do. I really want an iPhone 
What makes things worse is that my computer's broken so I can only tweet from iPhone 
was impressed that originalalamo.com has iPhone version...  until I saw it  
@TheKellanLutz I just added you to my myspace!!! I'm sad I can't go to your chat on my iPhone 
i broke my iPhone  *sob*
@ExpressiveP It really is difficult!  With the iPhone I can hear clicks with each letter-with itouch there weren't clicks so even harder.
my mac is on the fritz and won't stay on! my phone is spazzing! the facebook for iPhone app won't let me comment stuff. NOTHING WORKS!! 
@Kryptonlogic do you know anyone that may be tweeting from there or a way that I can see a play by play via iPhone? I have to work 
Does anyone else have an issue with twitterific? It just wont work on my iPhone anymore 
@R33S i hate when my iPhone goes into its death throws like that. last 20% goes fast! why was ur boss calling and bitching  that's not ok
@isaiah29 awh  i have at&amp;t and still no iPhone 
@javajive maybe that's why I don't have an iPhone 
- why  can't I develop iPhone apps on windows.. this is really bad 
@maryxk yeah me too! I really want one of the new iPhones but I have to have my phone till next year  oh how life is tough
&lt;--  has been hit by the twitpocalypse - #twitterific on my iPhone now doesn't work... 
And why does #squarespace not want to give us our iPhones? 
@dlwtexas no iPhone 
iFail - forgetting to back up iPhone prior to updating firmware...g'dammit!!! 
Thanks to 'Twitpocalypse' I can't add tweets via my iPhone  more anon...
My wife's terribly against me buying an iPhone..  i just want a gadget tt can watch movies, listen to mp3s and surf net.. 
I haven't bought anything to pamper myself in a long time.. what's wrong with getting an iPhone just to make myself happy.. 
I don't suppose any Asian (specifically Malaysians, haha) get a chance at the iPhone from #squarespace 
currently using iPhone with 3.0(7A341). a bit buggy here and there but wort of all twitterfone doesn't work well 
Upgraded twitterific on iPhone and now it's messed up. 
@jkickin2 Tried pdaNet on my jailbroken iPhone...loved it. But since then i went legit and can't use it anymore 
@painterlyfiend  Here's hoping.  I really wanted to hold out for the iPhone, but I guess necessity beats desire every time 
I thought for some reason the new 3.0 bios for iPhone was out today...   Two more days still...  #squarespace
I have to downgrade from my iPhone 
@tweetie for the iPhone is not behaving  Downloaded the update for the desktop. When will the update for the iPhone be released by Apple?
Wish I knew how to attach a picture to my tweets using my iPhone.  
@TheFeed Your links take almost 5 minutes to load (if they load at all) on the iPhone 
is really thinking about getting the iPhone...I think I'm the only one without it 
's Blackberry is dead. Only 3 more days until I get my iPhone.  3 days without a phone. 
@doubletwist:  no iPhone!
@mcgrasea awww your iPhone is now just a phone 
Would be nice to have tethering for the iPhone right about now. Sounds like optus is going to be greedy and charge for it 
@natalietran YouTube iPhone fail!   http://twitpic.com/7if4p
@abramatafa yep @misssheeda twitterrific premium is still down  but I have 2 other twitter apps on my iPhone
@killerchris2k8 Not a problem man....im here to help. I don't wanna hear about anybody bricking their iPhones when trying to update 
I want to make my avitar green 2...but I'm on my iPhone and my notebook is all the way on a differnt couch 
I feel like I'm on an iPhone lull... can't seem to make new programs 
@murphymac did you get iPhone shipping notice yet? I didn't 
@alyankovic can't view on my iPhone 
hasn't twitter'd in a few days cause for some odd reason its giving me an error on my iPhone 
new iPhone out soon   my iPhone = old now 
So, being inspired at #wwdc is pretty cool. Turns out the problem space I picked for my first iPhone app is pretty complicated 
Ah damn it....have to wait till thursday for iPhone 3.0 
@jamcs I reckon, you would think it would be on the iPhone by now 
@jameswilding I haven't won an iPhone yet. I've got one but it appears to be backing up for decades all of a sudden 
@machination I will in a few days. I only have my iPhone... so the quality is... yeah 
 I miss my iPhone  I wish it was friday so much!!
Oh noes @DrRus @mikecj on top of some dodgy geezer stealing my card number, now o2 don't trust me and want a big deposit for iPhone 
hadn't backed up his iPhone in ages and it just went into recovery mode!  Loadsa texts, apps and notes lost! 
Waiting eagerly to get iPhone S ... checked gmail but alas no mails from apple on order status 
I wish I could do #squarespace.it said I was not old enough   .  I want the iPhone 3gs!!!
My iPhone died. 
I think I broke my iPhone charger 
@LadyArubiana the only major drawback of the iPhone is sending and recieving pictures!!! email is the only way to send/recieve them 
I wish I could see iPhone symbols on twitter... any browser plug ins out there for us poor web pc tweeters? 
heard some people may be getting their iPhone 3G S tomorrow, not me 
Everyone's iPhones are shipping but mine. 
@squarespace I can never win an iPhone s because you are not following me 
looking pretty scary out my 5th floor office window... storm approaching! If i had an iPhone I would take a picture, but I don't, so... 
Finally a Tweeterrific update! It hasn't worked since I put iPhone 3.0 on my device.  back in business now.
I'm hoping the iPhone update comes out at midnight but it mostly won't  anyway going to work now co owning a liquid store at 18 is hard.
@Papapow perfect excuse to get an iPhone, right?  does suck though. 
Oh, this is a bummer, can't use video feature cause I don't have latest iPhone   http://mobypicture.com/?8az56i
I wish that the iPhone would come out for sprint 
@james3neal now i just need an iPhone.  actually lemme stop trippin, would not trade T-mo for nuthin!
I think that my iPhone is about to depart this life for that big glowing apple in the sky... 
Trying to listen to music that'll cheer myself up. but all my iPhone wants to play is music I can relate to. This shit is depressing 
guys plz cheer me up  my mommy doesn't want to buy me an iPhone for my sweet sixteen! :'(
iCracked my iPhone.      
@richardbarley Me! But first I want an iPhone  #tweetdeck #iphone
Perhaps my iPhone won't make it here tomorrow. The delivery date disappeared on the tracking info page 
Doesn't understand how other time zones can get their iPhone update when it turned the 17th.I thought it would be automatically available 
1more iPhone down and I still didn't win  #squarespace
@kasey_erin no twitterberry for iPhone  I hear that is the best
I wanted to add &quot;who cares&quot; to that last post but the iPhone app didn't let me add my own commentary. 
Apparently iPhone software version 3.0 doesn't magically become available at midnight on the 17th 
@jamiehuntfirst be glad that you're able to even have an iPhone! i have verizon &amp; they don't even have an iPhone as an option! 
I really wish I could win that iPhone     plzz pick me *on knees* pls!!
@suburbanbird Nervous about turning it back on. I wish I could afford an iPhone but I don't think I can right now 
@Stephanya wish i had an iPhone. 
Trying to download the latest version of @tweetdeck to test syncing with iPhone, but website not working 
@owieh I would, but the iPhone is miles out of my price range 
@karasukun I wish Verizon would have acquired the iPhone back when they had the chance.  I bet they wish they had too.
@alyssagirrl the new iPhone only comes with that 
I totally forgot that I have to wait till the iPhone 3.0 software gets unlocked 
I need to update my stupid outdated iPhone! 
I need to update my stupid outdated iPhone!  lol http://tinyurl.com/njl95t
Oh please... If you wave enough money at them, you can &quot;upgrade&quot; sooner. Not sure why have iPhone as I am laughingstock of deaf  here! 
What's up with the missing delivery dates for iPhone 3G S shipments? 
@CristinaDunning Why are you getting an iPhone? then we won't have M2M anymore 
is going to bed without his iPhone 3.0 update 
I am wishing my iPhone tweetdeck wasn't so crashy 
The iPhone sucks, I can't get any service and I'm just sitting at my house. (sorry hannah. I'll text when I get service  )
i want a iPhone so bad 
@CanadasMichelle that srsly sucks &amp; makes me think twice abt getting rid of my iPhone  I hope it gets sorted out &amp; that U have a gd nite.
I so want to stay up all night waiting for the iPhone 3.0 release, but I have to get to bed so I can wake up and run 
@wtcc It makes me wish I had an iPhone 
My white iPhone got stained 
Where's this soddin' iPhone update?! I want it before work 
so staying up late in hopes of iPhone 3.0 at midnight was fruitless 
no new iPhone software for me before work  sniff
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version.  No upgrade yet... #iPhone
Sometimes tweetdeck for iPhone crashes on launch 
i want the iPhone 3.0 software 
I witnessed the death of an iPhone today. It was kinda sad 
@speedyb How do you sync tho? The iPhone app wont updage my collumns lol. and it keeps crashing 
Is iPhone 3.0 available yet in I'm... At work 
Waiting for iPhone 3.0 must wait till after work now 
Trying to download iPhone 3.0 but it ain't happening!! 
&quot;This version of of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the curren version.&quot; oh well guess I will have to wait till after work for 3.0 
Could be another 7 hours before the iPhone 3.0 update 
@KyWagner it didn't have the updates  it said my iPhone won't need updates till 6-23 what the heck man!!???
I still haven't gotten my new iPhone software 
where is the iPhone 3.0 software 
Still waiting for the 3.0  #iPhone
waiting for iPhone 3.0, i freaking woke up at 8 for this, now my eye hurt 
i want the new iPhone 
@ksymmonds @ramdomthoughts I was going to wait until someone buys me an iTouch or iPhone 
I want an iPhone reallyyy badly 
Rumours that #iPhone software update 3.0 has been delayed by a day 
Isn't iPhone 3.0 supposed to released today? iTunes is still showing 2.2.1 as the latest 
@amieewhitney I spelled your name wrong because of the iPhone shit keyboard one eye thing. Sowwies 
Has anyone managed to get the iPhone updates yet. Doesn't seem to be working 
the day has arrived... update day for iPhone... unfortunatley I'm going to have to wait until I get home 
No 3.0 loving for me on my iPhone tip tonight  ah well looking forward to hearing about it ...
No 3.0 loving for me on my iPhone til tonight  ah well looking forward to hearing about it ...
still waiting for the iPhone upgrade tho 
The register are reporting that iPhone 3.0 is being delayed until tomorrow  #iphone3.0
Looks like we're going to have to wait another day for iPhone os3  http://is.gd/14mix #iPhone #Apple
#theregister says #iPhone 3.0 firmware won't be available for another day 
still waiting for the iPhone 3.0 upgrade. Apple could create a buzz around anything! this is aggravating 
@clairehurman no iPhone 3.0 yet 
false alarm on ithe iPhone 
wants an iPhone 
iPhone update isn't available yet 
Where is iPhone 3.0??!!   I am waiting ... no sign of it yet in my iTunes...  
Still waiting for iPhone update 
Where's iPhone 3.0 o/s??  
What's taking the iPhone update so long??  xx
Realy now want the iPhone 3G it looks realy good but I don't have no money 
This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version.  #iphone3
#squarespace Does want iPhone! 
Oh dear first time I run #tweetdeck for the iPhone it crashed. Not giving good impression so far 
I think tweetdeck is breaking my iPhone 
Aw the iPhone 3.0 didn't come out yet.  *waits for it*
Why can't I update my iPhone yet!!!  I've been counting down to this day for so long now!
I was hoping that iPhone 3.0 update would be out before I left for work, now i have to wait till i get home 
No landscape tweeting in tweetdeck for iPhone.  still a nice app though.
@joshsharp thanks man. I'll have to check it out later though, iPhone won't let me 
You know u work too early when the iPhone update isn't available by the time u leave for work 
Disappointing only can update iPhone tmr 
Where's my iPhone update? 
;gives up... I guess there's no hope for getting the iPhone 3.0 update while I'm awake 
I woke up expecting the iPhone 3.0 firmware to be available but it's not. Where is it Apple? I gotta go to work soon.. 
@springer_hd_06 Its not out yet mate think it's been delayed. It's ok apple website under iPhone software 
Still waiting for my iPhone 3.0 
#tweetdeck for #iPhone seems very good although is being somewhat unstable at the moment. Crashy crash crash 
@jalonchan lovin it. Seems faster and snappier than twitterfon pro. But my buddy has iPhone 3.0 beta and said tweetdeck is crashing 
Still waiting for #iPhone 3.0 argh! 
Only 3 hours until the iPhone 3.0 software comes out! However I have a lesson in an hour and a half, wont get back until 4 hours from now 
&quot;The version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version&quot;  Also, #squarespace. Just for kicks.
&quot;This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version&quot;  Also, #squarespace. Just for kicks.
@strungoutwire have you gotten your  iPhone update yet? I tried and nothing happened 
@danielhoney tweetdeck is crashing too often on my iPhone 
I want iPhone so muchhhhhh 
Anyone know how to return an iPhone app?  I just got an app that doesn't work. 
is sad that iPhone 3.0 is not available yet. I wanted to download it before I went to work. 
The iPhone 3.0 release isn't as exciting for me, because I've had it for 3 months already.  Apple release 4.0!
@rodcub it aint working yet - &quot;This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version&quot; 
&quot;This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version.&quot; WWWWWHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYY?????!!!!! 
still waiting for the iPhone 3.0 update! 
Why does Apple UK say iPhone 3.0 is available, when iTunes says my iPhone (2.2.1)  is on the latest update. 
The wait for the updated iPhone (@iphone) software is almost unbearable - so sad and geeky but I don't care! - 6pm feels like years away 
Is iPhone 3.0 out yet? If so, how come I cant get it yet 
I fear I've turned my iPhone into an expensive brick, can't back-up, can't restore 
iPhone won't update. 
stayed up til 12 and the iPhone update wasn't even let out yet    i guess i'll be tryin again all day until it's let out
envy....envy...., still difficult to find iPhone here &amp; expensive too 
@malu__ i hate you. you have a iPhone and i don't 
I want my new iPhone update now  #iPhone
Fetched laptop to work today to update iPhone only to find that work blocks iTunes  Seems like it won't be ready 'till I get home anyway.
Why is iPhone 3.0 not here yet? 
ALmost time for os 3...not that I have a iPhone  
sounds like iPhone update available now from chatter among the cubes. I have to wait til home 
needs an iPhone or a blackberry to tweet all the time 
is a bit disappointed that Apple have pushed the iPhone 3.0 software update back a day  http://bit.ly/UwMnn #fb
Waiting for the iPhone 3.0 firmware! 
I was hoping the iPhone update would work over the air  3.5 hrs til I get off and can go home 2 download
So I guess it's official that the new software is out for iPhone. I will not be downloading for a few hrs.  oh well..
Not sure how I feel about tweetdeck for the iPhone yet... It keeps crashing on me, and my tweets go missing 
@jasonapeterson how is the iPhone 3.0 update? have to wait for IT to update iTunes, before I can take it for a test drive 
@JamesNaughton if only it made the iPhone bigger on the inside than out 
@PRsarahevans Yes, losing an iPhone is crummy  In the past I've found the warranty to be generous for wear/tear. 3 replaced in 2 yrs.
ohhh noo... #iPhone has surpassed #IranElection -  thats upsetting.
It's so wrong that I have to update my iTunes before I can get my iPhone update. 
Not so nice  crash during installing iPhone 3.0 wtf?
@koolrazychic  if I could I would steal ya one from where I work but I think they'd know if an iPhone was missing....
I thought Apple would have gotten the iPhone 3.0 update right after the 2.0 fiasco... can't activate my phone. 
downloaded the iPhone 3.0 update... right now the update is having a hard time accessing the itunes store 
@EDDIEKLIVE I wish I had an iPhone 
is having to restore her iPhone before I can install 3.0 
OK, didn't lose power or wasn't struck by a meteor, but apparently it can't register the iPhone, so I have no phone 
noooooooooo Your iPhone cannot be updated at this time because the activation server is unavailable 
@LexLA -- It said that it's not compatible for the iPhone! 
Coitadinho do iPhone 3G quando comparado com o 3GS... ouch!  #iPhone speed http://bit.ly/zBRif
started 3.0 install on iPhone and something has gone very very wrong 
&quot;the iPhone activation server is temporarily unavailable&quot; 
Why didn't Apple expect this demand? why was I so eager to upgrade  iPhone mid-update- emergency call only!
@SoldierKnowBest That's alright. O2 gave the upgarde to iPhone 3G for free to O2 customers last year. This time there not 
Also, could all the people moaning about iPhone updates spare a though to all those who don't have one 
&quot;The iPhone .. cannot be updated at this time because the iPhone activation server ist temporarily unavailable.&quot;   Wie lange denn noch??
@justinph I'm with you! Just without the iPhone as well 
iPhone 3G 3.0 update &quot;The iPhone cannot be updated at this time because the iPhone activation server is temporarily unavailable.&quot; 
@dirtybob can't update keeps coming up with iPhone activation server is unavailable 
So I've downloaded the 3.0 iPhone upgrade but can't install it as the iPhone server seems to be down 
The iPhone update just tried to murder me and my phone 
The iPhone cannot be updated at this time because the iPhone activation server is temporarily unavailable 
@ajpeacock unfortunatly I cannot justify the monthly bill to be able to afford an iPhone 
I think disabling a password on iPhone before the update will save you a restore  #wtf #iPhone #iPhone3.0
@walterelly Any luck with your iPhone shipping? Seems their are screwing over the premiere customers 
@walterelly Any luck with your iPhone shipping? Seems their are screwing over the premier customers 
My internet connection is so slow it will take three hours to download iPhone 3.0! 
Is irritated that she cannot get the iPhone upgrade to go through since their server is unavailable! 
Seems like Apples iPhone activation server can't cope with the high demand of iPhone users updating to 3.0. 
Just tried to download iPhone 3.0 but  it says the servers are busy.    # fb
Why do I have to install 8.2 all I want is 3.0  #iPhone
@DisneyFoodBlog iPhone activation server is temporarily out of service 
crying from iPhone 3.0 firmware download rate. 
@turpentine2009 I think, I'm the only one on the planet without an iPhone! 
How can I delete images off of my iPhone? I tried and it crashed. 
@verowhite vero, praying you are still awake. I've updated my iPhone, but can't find where to configure tethering. Can you tell me how? 
Why won't multimedia messages work on my iPhone despite 3.0 software. 
#tweetdeck on iPhone hanging underOS 3.0 when adding a follower to a group. 
Getting upset as connection keeps dropping in the middle of downloading the iPhone update! 
OS3.0 without me, yet.  F...ing Apple forbitts to sync the iPhone with more than one(!) computer... So I have to wait till weekend.
Really wants an iPhone 
yes! finally copy &amp; paste on my iPhone! about time.. only thing I didn't get was the mms-pic send (I still have Gen 1) 
Wish that channel 4 had a similar service to iplayer so I could watch on iPhone  I don't like not having my mac book with me
My iTunes request could not be completed, no iPhone 3.0 for me 
Ugh, I want to rent a movie on iTunes - but all the iPhone upgraders are killing it 
Thinks really, why did I have to go and drop my iPhone?! 
No more iPhone 3.0 exclusivity  .
3.0 on iPhone still can't spell... 
@FlyingPhotog you use AT&amp;T right? I have a jailbroken iPhone I use on tmobile so I'm no help  sorry
FFS! of all the sites I carnt view on my iPhone,wld never of thought thinkgeek.com would b 1 of them! not happy,I wanted a new t shirt 
@zanelamprey I replaced the cracked screen on my iPhone last night. It doesn't work now. 
Sadness is being excited all day to get home and try the iPhone 3.0 software, but realizing your forgot your sync cable at work 
I really like #tweetdeck for iPhone, but it crashes at least 50% of the time on my 1g phone. 
I want an iPhone so much it hurts a little 
Godammit, I want my iPhone 3.0 update! Why is the net choosing to be lame and fall over on me today?! 
@scottyoshimoto grats! But you don't like iPhones? 
@coopottum Have you been able to try it out? Unfortunately, it sounds like my 2G iPhone does not have a2dp 
iPhone 3.0...... Not really impressed 
So tHe iPhone is getting the new update and nothing works! It won't turn on!!!  I'm gonna kill someone
I am in an endless loop of agreeing to iTunes terms and conditions on the iPhone, but not being able to update anything. 
Just downloaded iPhone 3.0 and am psyched especially about email search!!   What about voice dialing...where is that? 
did anyone else update their iPhone today &amp; have it crash?? mine is toast....i will try to take it to @apple tomorrow &amp; pray they fix it 
 the download is giving me trouble!! Damnnnn iPhone!!!
@ddlovato bleh it's not on the iPhone iTunes yet. 
Just read that AT&amp;T revised the iPhone upgrade policy.  Too bad I'm still not eligible. 
@MinaLew no I don't rhink you can send textpics yet.    #iPhone
I want my iPhone back!!! 
@thisisbrad but not everyone has an iPhone, and I have a mobile card as well. 
On my 4th attempt to download iPhone 3.0. It keeps timing out. 
I downloaded iPhone 3.0 before and omg I love it! It's so much better. Although it did take away my internet for awhile 
@pwrdbykimchi All your iPhone related tweets are making me sad that I don't have one 
@ItsOneTen big enough where you can get me the hook up on the iPhone 3G S? I don't wanna pay 499 plus for it 
I can't really figure out that much of what's new with the iPhone upgrade 
@ioroot well I don't have an iPhone  but the app on my puter works beautifully and I can hook up my non-swearing business twitter to it
I would really like my iPhone and MacBook to be friends again - both work independently but not together 
@trixie360 it's too hard to play on the iPhone internet is too slow  the questions were good .. Thanks
Has anyone been able to receive a mms on iPhone yet? I can send but not receive 
@aceofsabres Apparently the iPhone still likes to fuck with my dyslexia, that should have been 'Dragons' 
I didn't update my iPhone  too lazy to get out my bed
Needs computer access to download the iPhone 3.0 software 
Discover a bug in the app store in iPhone 3.0. 
@xiangpeng But I have to, I'm using an iPhone 2G 
did the upgrade for 3.0 on the iPhone. But why didn't I get the pic. text mssgng updated? I was looking forward to it 
@xTheWhalerx and also my music and videos are nowhere to be seen on my iPhone too. 
@QuickMark It's a pitty, but Quickmark doesn't work with iPhone 3.0 software  Is any updates will be available soon?!
i need a iPhone 3G S too!! 
Oh, my previous post on iDriveLite as a backup for your iPhone is bogus.  Only backed up 213 of my 343 contacts and now I'm screwed 
@evernote 3 for iPhone crashes on me every time syncing notes here first time at 69% complete  hmmm
If I change the order of the app-store icons in 3.0, they change back to defaults every time I relaunch the app.  #iPhone fail #fb
@nicco876 My iPhone is broken 
Is everyone downloading iPhone 3.0 ? iTunes keeps timing out  #itunes #iPhone
hasn't had enough quality time to play with his iPhone....too much work 
Oh my god, Apple, why can't we tap the screen to take a picture with the iPhone camera yet?! 
i wish people would see iPhone potential instead of the Blackberry!! 
finally got accepted to *enroll* in the iPhone dev program.  It took TWO MONTHS and two days.  I no longer care about making iPhone apps. 
@kpreslan I would have if I had an iPhone.... 
@jbradshoemaker  I wish I had an iPhone. 
@NathanBrookman ahh I have moisture under the screen  trying to get them to give me a new phone haha yeah new 3gs tomoz u not got a iPhone
is experiencing technical challenges with iPhone 
Just realised switching to a different network from the one that came with the iPhone means I miss out on mms support &amp; net tethering 
I love the 3.0 iPhone update! I just wish I had a new iPhone (I dont even care if it was a 2g, 3g, or 3gS!) My iPhone is broken 
@allisonmarie23 I'm so glad I have my iPhone!! I wouldn't be able to let it out since the net is the same problem as the tv situation.. 
@alexhanna And yet I am still jealous and without iPhone. 
Doesn't look like you can post from the iPhone version of @mactalk yet, though   http://twitpic.com/7pr3o
And tweetdeck for iPhone just crashed . 
Is now iPhone 3.0!!! BUT is not happy that she still cannot send picture texts...I def did NOT get that memo 
@lilyallen u don't remember when my iPhone broke 
@ShayJanee I guess you can make her one but......she wont be able to use it...shes so deprived....the iPhone keeps crashing i'm going ape 
@kreatre2009 I'm sure its awesome I don't actually have an iPhone thanks to srpint  but I just really wanted to say that lame joke.
@tweetdeck where's landscape tweeting in the iPhone app? 
@KRAPPS Thank you for bringing that to the attention of the classier iPhone users so something can hopefully be done about it 
#squarespace jailbreak for iPhone, where are yooouuu?? 
@katemorris I'm slow right along with you. I can't type on the iPhone... my fingernails get in the way. 
The iPhone stole my contacts 
reserved an iPhone &amp; this was in the small print: &quot;reservation does not guarantee iPhone availability at the retail store.&quot; thanks Apple! 
I've got a new mac in the office that I can't play with till tomorrow and an iPhone that I haven't had time to update.  #mac #iPhone
Since upgrading to iPhone os 3.0, the wifi range has dropped considerably and I can't find my upstairs router 
@validtodayonly I have the first iPhone so I won't get mms  but that what email is for.
@athena_aztrid checked mail.sadly.we all agree.anyhoo,dont u just love tweetdeck?  i wanna get iPhone n rid me of this iPhong already!
One thing I don't like about he iPhone 3.0 update is that it takes too long to send a text... Its like dial up 
@maximumtheali I have to be in work for 6am. Urghhhhh iPhone's! 
@twitt3rbox Finally got iPhone app working &amp;the lovely! But it keeps crashing!  will there be an update soon?
I wish i hadn't dropped my iPhone in the sink, i want it back!!  especially as the new software came out yesterday!!
I want an iPhone 3G S 
Why won't my newly updated iPhone 3.0 let me send picture messages? 
@JoshuaDavis I'm on it...as soon as a get an iPhone 
All of you guys who istalled 3.0 on your iPhones let me know how's it working for you? Much better? I'm still waiting for unltras0w 
- don't you hate it when you iPhone battery dies on you, and the nearest charge is 15 miles away 
At eye doctor...Eyes dilating...can't see iPhone screen very well 
@rachellee625 because at&amp;t is wack... i wish iPhone was for verizon.... 
@Streyeder yeah, it's a fail right now. but i've had problems with Twitterfon in the past, too. granted, my iPhone is also acting up 
@chadah @landonw I keep iPhone in 'airplane mode' while out of country, use wifi for twitter, etc. Truphone = wifi calls. No texting. 
@AveryChern no iPhone 
I really wish that the wifi on my iPhone wasn't borked. 
going stir crazy, this search algorithm is aggrivating.  Just like the iPhone app that stole my idea. 
#iPhone I want an iphone 
I've checked my iPhone order status 10 times today. Still not shipped 
@saharabloom ok, here's a half assed shot by the pool just now. iPhone not too forgiving   http://yfrog.com/12hrbdj
@askmanny ugh, I get more and more jealous of iPhone owners every day...dumb BlackBerrys 
commasplice103 no clue  I really wish I had an iPhone now. It's lonely enough here at night with power when I can talk with people
Meeting, I've yet to master iPhone texting 
#squarespace has yet to give me my free iPhone gift card.   so sad...
Such a busy day, barely got to check twitter   How's everyone enjoying their new #iPhone software?!
@avidbookreader My sister read one of my short stories on her iPhone at work today. Just called me to say she cried while reading it. 
I really want an iPhone for Verizon 
@chief1972 not with my iPhone 1st generation I would have to upgrade.  Waaaaaa 
@danfowlie that's the one I mean, I don't get that  I want to show @nzbill that my iPhone is as good as his Treo. 
My iPhones batt life was cut short since the installation of 3.0 
FACT: An iPhone with a cracked screen is hard to use. 
I wish I had to go to bed now because I have to wake up to get the new iPhone... but i don't 
I think I want an iPhone but I hate At&amp;t with everything in me, the service here sucks! 
@samantha_ftw I wan't an iPhone too.  Fml.
I think i'm way more awake than I should be this early, so excited to go out tonight, not so excited about $$$ and lack of iPhone 
@tevarra @bkalai my Motorola S9 isn't seen by my iPhone at all! 
@tysiphonehelp u r lucky man...my parents won't let me get the iPhone 3G S coz I already own an iPhone 3G 
My blueant voice dialing has stopped working with iPhone 3.0 
@christyxcore also, I can't afford the iPhone cell phone bill. I'm too poor 
@DJDal only prob is I already pay for mobile broadband and they won't transfer it to iPhone for me so I'd be paying twice  is it any good?
This hasn't worked right for me all day. And I probably won't be getting my new iPhone in 5 hours  I guess I'll just have to cut someone!!
No new iPhone 3G S for me - declined credit for second contract as self employed and can't buy out existing one in-store 
@JasonBradbury I wonder how many people are going form a 3G iPhone to a 3GS iPhone today.  Not many thanks to o2 
updating the new iPhone software, but I wish I had the new iPhone 
@ThomasGudgeon At least you have an iPhone...my dad goes out and gets one and forgets about me 
i archive lots of stuff in gmail, so it's annoying that the mail search in iPhone 3.0 only searches the inbox  v useful though!
nurse just dropped my already cracked iPhone...now the cracks are much prettier...geez 
really really wants to upgrade to an iPhone, but can't just yet 
I wish I had an iPhone... 
hitting up the iPhone release tomorrow morning hella early. last day in san fran 
Feeling cut off somewhat now that most iPhone apps stopped working after upgrade 
@JonnyLerwill O2 are driving us nuts, if it wasn't for the fact that they still have the exclusive on the iPhone, we'd be long gone. 
@richardlai no, but I believe a lot of iPhone users will miss out on this feature by installing protective film covers on the screen 
@Plip why did you get a free iPhone? i want a free iPhone 
The iPhone 3G S is not liking my British accent at all... 
Wishing I was getting an iPhone 
@zcott The iPhone needs to be available on all networks, O2 can get away with high prices been the sole provider, its putting me off atm 
sad that half of iPhone apps are becoming porn. we all knew it would happen but 
Wish I could be a part of iPhone launch day!  http://tinyurl.com/mo4t6l #iphone
@JayOatway did you have any issues upgrading? i seem to be unable to upgrade on my mac  iPhone works great.
@aranger   down with iPhone! ;-)
@waynedavies tried them too as they were just next door, nothing for the iPhone 
Everyone's messages about getting their new iPhone today is saddening 
I hate my iPhone 
In a taxi to waterloo searching for the funeral march on my iPhone 
I miss my laptop  iPhone can't load many things
will not be picking up his new iPhone until tomorrow morning 
#tweetdeck for iPhone keeps crashing now and again.C'mon guys, needs stable version else back to Twitterfon 
been waiting in line for an hour now and I'm still like 30 people away from my new iPhone 
#squarespace I did a project wrong at work due today &amp; now my boss and I have to redo 3 days work in 8 hours  An iPhone would make my day!
@librarianbyday   Me wants iPhone
@themma 8.2 is a dog ya? But no choice if you want iPhone 3.0 
Yay selling iPhone's, but I can't buy one cause I am poor   #squarespace
Not gonna lie, a little sad today..this will be the first year I haven't been apart of the latest iPhone launch  oh well on 2 other things
I want an iPhone guys.. 
Scenes from my commute, day 36. No line? I guess others like me have an iPhone that's only a month old   http://twitpic.com/7sry7
@talktokari - I CAN'T get an iPhone here.  Or else I would have one and be sure to let you know about it.  
But I don't wanna pay $9.95 for the iPhone 3.0 update... 
cell phone is frozen and dead. Blackberry vs iPhone HMMMMMMMMMM.  i don't want to buy a new phone already.
@zombot I got it super cheap and I didn't think they'd have a SIGNIFIGANT update to the iPhone this year. I want the new graphics chip 
@jackwilliambell  bad iPhone!
My local o2 shop don't have any iPhones left 
I wish I had the new iPhone 
@RyansGarden It's my first iPhone so can't really comment on what's changed from the last model. It's still sat in the box til I get home 
The iPhone is taking over the world. It's gonna be like terminator and take over us. 
iPhone was locked for 3.0 
sooo excited going boat today with annie. so mad my screen shattered on my iPhone 
@mama_zarah about that...apple peeps told me one per customer. I tried but I guess I won't be able to get you an iPhone 
Just downloaded ifuck app 4 me iPhone ,,, a small minge comes out the bottom so u can mount it !!!  I only gave it 1 star 
So how's everyone enjoying their new iPhones? I'm a tad jealous, but that service plan is still stopping me 
I really want an iPhone, but I have to pay a few things off first. Why do I have to be so dang responsible?! 
 I want an iPhone. :p
I want the iPhone 3g s now!! But I need 32 more dollars 
@HomemadeMother I dropped my iPhone &amp; the top button is stuck inside. So I can't lock my phone nor does it turn off  It still works though
just saw that the back of my iPhone is cracked 
While the iPhone does have some amazing things, it is lacking in basic things every other smartphone has, yet we eat it all up like candy 
@wifijedi I gave up my iPhone...  
Now that iPhone 3.0 is downloaded, no time to update cuz gotta go work 
Just erased all songs on my iPhone!! 
Studying  iPhone synching...this is going to take forever
iPhones sold out  #squarespace
wants an iPhone 
@ColeH  I guess you'll just have to wait for the iPhone 4g. I don't even have an iPhone at them moment.
@tommcfly hahahaha! you really can't live without twitter!! and I can't live without yours tweets! so... fix that silly iPhone!!  LOL!
Couldn't apple make a update to the iPhone 3G to take video. I don't want to buy the iPhone 3GS 
Is really unfair I bought my iPhone 3g three months ago nd i can't get a refund or some money back so I upgrade to the new one 
@starsparkle I'd LOVE to sell you my 3G for a knock down price. Unfortunately I'm still an iPhone virgin &amp; have no 3G to sell!  =D
I want the new iPhone. 
Going to get my iPhone fixed 
@westsideloft but I don't want to live without me iPhone! 
Sadly I think the iPhone is ruined. I'll have to somehow get a new one now  #depression
@DaveytheGravey I was working and then I was desepratly waiting for iPhone to work 
Didnt get my iPhone today, sold out. 
I wish Verizon had the iPhone... 
Now running iPhone OS 3.0  but sadly still on my iPhone 2G 
someone get me an iPhone. 
@chasejarvis Problem is, I don't have an iPhone to take a mobile image... 
@iPhone  Too many!!  I am just bitter that I dont have one 
@ginabella I have no idea, he didn't have an iPhone before. I haven't read anything about it, sorry 
@dapostrophe it's true. I fail at iPhone, gradschool, and life 
So sad I can't upgrade to iPhone 3gS until feburary  very vey depressing
The iPhone 3G S is a LOT faster.... 
@biostudentgirl LOL the iPhone 3G S sounds awesome! I'm still stuck with the original. 
Just bought an iPhone, no I'm not a bandwaggoner I'm just tired of my broken blackberry 
Messing around with my new iPhone, but still waiting for activation. 
It's been over 7 hours and my iPhone is still not activated. 
It's been over 7 hours and my iPhone is still not activated.  haha http://tinyurl.com/ndn9g6
@cascandar sweet! IPhone 3G S? I want one but I'm not eligible for upgreade yet  it's ok, I still love my iPhone 3G esp after 3.0 update.
So sad I couldn't get my new iPhone today 
#inaperfectworld, I would have an iPhone already 
&quot;The iPhone &quot; cannot be synced because there is not enough free space to hold all of the items in the selected playlists.....&quot;  
@m_adam awesome, now I'm the only one without an iPhone...  
@michaelbarth1 I love the iPhone but I have verizon and my dad doesn't want to switch plans 
After 1 hour of attempting to unlock 3.0 on my 8g 1stgen iPhone...I'm holding off for right now.  Also, I'm catsitting, again. 
@joshuafargher no, but the iPhone 3.0 upgrade seems to have cut my 3g data connection 
@DianaSuliman no that's a feature that only the iPhone 3gs has.  
&quot;Clearly your life is a cavalcade of misfortune&quot; he says re:my whine I'm not @ #nerdprom2 &amp; I can't evn stream it on my obsolete iPhone 
@Robynsey hahah no, my friend was using my iPhone. I can't drink this week!!!!  I'm on some meds cause I'm sick...
@HappyTwilighter pretty shiny! I like! of course with iPhone I can't use those  A friend gave me one that's a clarinet (I play clarinet)
Just got an iPhone not impressed I hope I didn't get a defect 
What's with the green pictures all of a sudden?  I saw those and thought something was wrong with my iPhone. 
trying tweetdeck on my iPhone since twitterena is stupid 
feels like the only person without an iPhone.  and I want one so baaaaaad. #trackle #squarespace
I want soukie stackhouse books. I'll check stanza but not really looking forward to reading things off palm pilot or iPhone. 
I think my iPhone is broke 
Having trouble with #iPhone 3.0 software on original iPhone: texting is screwed up with wait times between typing characters 
this morning, just updated iPhone software to 3.0 update...painless..just cradled into iTunes...but all jailbroken apps gone 
So who upgraded thier iPhones &amp; successfully re-jailbroke? I'd really miss my themes 
I wish I had an S at the end of my iPhone 3G.... 
@dvldb I couldn't find it on google  I could only find places to download it to your iPhone.
I can't get tethering to work on my hacktivated unlocked iPhone 2G 
Trying really hard to get my iPhone's sim reader tray thing to work again!  I'm pushing things in it, and moving things around!!
Putting the case on my iPhone again, just whacked it off the wall! 
I really need another iPhone as my 2 year old keeps taking mine to play games 
I want an iPhone 
Failing at software update for iTunes and iPhone 
My dad said i cud get the phone, either iPhone or e71. I dont know which to choose 
Seriously doubting I'l be able to get all these videos on the iPhone before I hafta leave 
saving up for an iPhone . Really want one 
confused myself in all the excitment and ordered an iPhone 3g not 3gs will have to send it back 
wanting an iPhone @ the moment! but i can only dream 
I want to play on my iPhone but i'm not even at home to charge it yet.  I also need to get a case for it. 
@hal9209 congratulations!  I think we will try to get one for bf, his iPhone 3g broke. 
Someone send me a direct message please. I don't like that section being empty on tweetdeck  In love with iPhone!
Now running 3.0 on my iPhone 3G &amp; getting crashed apps I never got before... 
Daaaamn, forgot my phone charger and iPhone is at 20% charge! 
@bowwow614 it doesn't work on the iPhone 
No new iPhone today  pay 300 now and wait two weeks!! No sir I don't think so!!
Where oh where is my iPhone 3G S?? 
says After I update my iPhone, I can't use plurk again  http://plurk.com/p/12hi9u
@sv4ns ... and unlocking (iPhone 2G only) ... 
@plymouth_pc Apple have good reasons to not support flash on the iPhone 
Why is mms still not working on my damn iPhone 
I think mother isn't very pleased that I have an iPhone 
@dashon3100 From what I know, voice control is only on the iPhone 3G S. 
@ClaireBolton_x Ah that sucks. And I don't think you can get unlimited texts on iPhone.  x
Some of my iPhone apps don't work since the 3.0 update. 
Ahhh - first data backup of the iPhone 3G with new OS3 seems to be forever - actual 1 hour and 43 minutes  #backup #apple #os3
I want an iPhone instead of my shitty one. 
#squarespace I really miss my iPhone. 
LOVES my new iPhone yet misses my BlackBerry   they should make the ultimate mobile device that has apps, Bbms and does it alllll
I want one of the new iPhones...but my 3g is only 4 months old!  
My mom got an iPhone. I wish I had one.  
I'd really like an iPhone.  *sigh*
@AlvinYeh I have the now defunct iPhone 3G  I can type pretty quickly though - just learn to trust the autocorrect! What're you up to now?
@tonyrobbins Wish I could afford an iPhone 
@lydsies  that's what iPhones are for (!)
Fully licensed C64 emulator rejected from iPhone appstore  http://tinyurl.com/lx4ppf
wants an iPhone 
i think my battery is depleting faster on my iPhone now 
haha i think my battery is depleting faster on my iPhone now  http://tinyurl.com/mmvz8l
Looking for shops that have iPhone 3G S in 
Just bought 2 new iPhones and neither are for me. Failness. I'm stuck with a 3G 
@lillian_taylor me too! I have the iPhone 3G and I'm jelious. 
the tweetdeck iPhone app has some nice features but it crashed on me in the first 5 minutes of use 
@squarespace: C'mon, #squarespace , give me an iPhone today please! Why haven't you announced today's winner yet? 
@captiveyak Jealous of your iPhone. 
@Rochellewiseman I text to get work but nothing happened  does it work with iPhones?
waahhh  everyone talkin about iPhone, an i dont have one  #squarespace help!! ??
From what I &quot;hear&quot; tethering and mms is easy to get going on iPhone 3.0, even if AT&amp;T does not support it 
Seems like the so-called anti-mosquito buzzers from the iPhone app store don't work. 
The iPhone 3.0 update turned my phone into a slug.  
@tdpersson Aww, that sucks.  if it seems like I've missed a text or two, I just check my iPhone app. So it's not that big a deal, I guess.
I want an iPhone. 
I feel like I've eaten sand paper  silly virus! I am departing to bed to play with my iPhone apps some more. Goodnighttttt &lt;3
@stevepage its not chess... but my friend's boyfriend wrote an iPhone app game called iPairs.  I can't get an iPhone, I have verizon. 
@MelFresh27 upgraded and hacked the iPhone works great but instalous is down 
I want an iPhone 
My iPhone (2g) is dying and need to replace it.  #squarespace
In one week I have dropped my iPhone twice. One little scratch on the bottom 
@danie_d I'm sure I could get a regular phone for free but not an iPhone 
So I have already dropped the new iPhone 
@fcw1987 you suck! I want the new iPhone 
I'm depressed I just cracked my screen on my iPhone 
@jguinn I think we waited to long to sell our iPhones on ebay. There are a bazillion on there now. 
@blackwhiteworld met someone who? acoustic session wit who? cool awe no iPhone 
@anilisanil yeah lesse. @awtaney I was on the awesome 99 unlimited plan al this while but that don't work with iPhone so I had to switch 
@mars2070 I don't think I'll be able to buy iPhone even it does come here 
Line was wayyyyy to long to buy an iPhone....  
I need a new iPhone 
@brendonwilson haha. Yes...assuming I had actually synced my iPhone with my iTunes. 
@ChiWright my pc tweetdeck is usually ok. It's the iPhone version which suckoth for me.  very big let down.
No more iPhone for me... 
I reset my iPhone, and it would only show the apple logo for a couple seconds... i had to restore it 
@Muffinman825 couldn't agree more... the shear fact that the iPhone 3G S, is now in shipping makes my iPhone 3G seam like it runs slower 
@jwsherrod well crud...I will be there the next weekend  I am coming to get my iPhone this tuesday!!! FINALY!!!!!!
@nat_bling can't see it on my iPhone or sidekick  lol
@TrollbaneSana I'll star that &amp; check later on my PC. iPhone won't link. 
@pickoo you mean tweetdeck? doesn't have te fb bit on the iPhone 
The Apple &quot;user guide&quot; for iPhone has no info on how to change the size of my video 
@patsoreal yeahhh too bad it says it's not allowing iPhones to view it  I'll watch it when I wake up...
When your 67 year-old dad is raving about his iPhone you really feel stupid not having one yet... 
@CharlieKalech ahhh, we don't have the iPhone on orange uk, I had to buy it from a rival, couldn't get discount 
I have the urge to have an iPhone 
@perseq That hurts!  It took me furever to splurge on an iPhone, about 6 wks. ago.  
It takes hours to make a backup of my iPhone with iTunes... 
Waiting for ultrasn0w! I want all of my iPhone's functionally back! 
I got an iPhone but it won't send texts 
Looks like I've lost my iPhone  and there's a distinct possibility that daughter may have chucked it in the bin.
@ I think iPhone 3G S .. is really expensive  
@KarenAlloy I can't believe that I am jealous of your iPhone.  
Everyone has an iPhone but me  come on #squarespace be good to me!
wants an iPhone 
My BlackBerry is having a seizure. I hate to admit it, but I need an iPhone 
I want an iPhone. 
@evernote Are you going to update the tips on the iPhone client? I was looking for usage ideas in them  Perhaps user-fed? #EvernotePodcast
I hate the iPhone 'alarm' alarm... 
 I miss my iPhone
a soldering iron and I could fix these crap iPhone headphones...my ears hurt  
On my iPhone and cant get on facebook 
Yay I finally have 3.0 but it's on a 2G iPhone 
iPhone push not working on my unlocked iPhone....  #tmobile-fail
I miss my intelliscreen for my iPhone 
Finally on iPhone os 3.0 but now have to spend hours resyncing 
@chelsaya lol, but I haven't won a free iPhone yet. 
@sareuh no I gave it2my mom I'm usin the iPhone now...I miss ubertwitter though 
Missed brunch with my main peeps  returning iPhone, gettin new one in 2 weeks  no text!!! I'll die without you!!!
i broke my iPhone screen and im really gonna cry 
My case came open today and dropped my new iPhone on the pavement. Its beautiful white corner is scuffed. 
@trackle i'm $100 short for a new iPhone. 
i miss my iPhone.... 
Just broke iPhone #2 
Taking my new iPhone to get it exchanged. It's got something rattling in it and won't get any service half the time 
#squarespace please give me an iPhone 
@zeusis too bad that jewelry site doesn't render well on the iPhone. 
@shinydiamonds My iPhone is full, too. 
@eido11 yahoomail always seems to be slow on the iPhone 
Trying to get my iPhone working again [updating the firmware has conked a nice working device  ]
i installed the 3.0 software on my iPhone 2G and now I can't play my old games 
Wondering why he hasn't gotten a $30 thing from Apple after having had to wait over eight hours to get his iPhone activated. 
is having coffee and looking with pain in my Apple heart and soul at my dying iPhone...it's days are numbered... 
wants an iPhone so badly... (tears)  :'-( http://plurk.com/p/13smz9
not happy runkeeper crashed this morning rebooted iPhone and now all my apps crash  Looks like a restore is on the cards.
My iPhones screen has a scratch  underneath the glass though. It could just be a hair...
@JasonWestwater I'm crying now that you sent me that, because I don't have an iPhone  I wish though. someone hook me up??
wants an iPhone 
iPhones going, so must I 
Wishing tweeterck for iPhone had push notifications 
Hates arguing on the iPhone or cellphones. There's no way to slam the phone down without causing yourself heartbreak. 
Just reealized my iPhone has a crack...  feeling the need of a case right now, but I hate them.
getting ready to leave for work sans iPhone today... it's headed to the Apple doctor to diagnose what ails it... 
I've received my new iPhone 3gs, woohoo!!!!!!......but now I have to wait till tonight to activiate it 
Putting the finishing touches to our new iPhone app &amp; getting frustrated by my iMac constantly crashing 
My @peterfacinelli app on my iPhone isn't working!? WTF 
@iamdecal - is that a jailbroken one? I much prefer the normal layout, sorry  am very set in my ways with my iPhone screen LOL
nuts. apple store couldn't fix iPhone &amp; can't replace international ones 
@TheGadgetShow I can't view the web tv on my iPhone  or the best bits
I seem to have lost my iPhone. 
Were back up  o well it was a nice 2 1/2 hr brake I was watching dirty dancing on my iPhone thanks apple for the iPhone lol
Were back up  o well it was a nice 2 1/2 hr brake I was watching dirty dancing on my iPhone thanks apple for the iPhone lol http://tin ...
UGH! I just tried to order an iPhone and it won't work  I guess I'll have to wait even longer :/
still can't find the new iPhone 
@TeamAstana it's still not viewable on my iPhone 
Just added tweetie to my new iPhone 
@drewpasmith I do... but greed is good  (and O2's iPhones data rates are prohibitive overseas, so 2 devices works out cheaper)
@nerdd I was pretty sure that you were checking new Tweets on your iPhone during the meeting 
Tweeting from an iPhone 
Just de-activated facebook account, removed app from iPhone.. a good feeling overall really 
@PrincessLeLe dnt know much about them but read gd reviews, am sure you'll enjoy it as much as I enjoy the iPhone, 
@kalinga you will eventually end up been a iPhone fan, i guess 
@ralphiethedj not yet I have .8 Is it better?  I much prefer the iPhone version.  But I don't have an I phone 
has an iPhone 
@cheapdevotion Congrats! You know you're going to cause my hubby to buy an iPhone just so he can get your app? 
@yonnage get this on your iPhone http://bit.ly/6Urah and take a walk, enjoy the weather man 
@tristanrogers checked out your wife's website... pretty cool from what I could see on my iPhone will look at it on   computer when home 
In the words of a good mate, I am an iPhone app whore. 
@adelgabot I've got the iPhone version. It's worth it 
@CherylH77 the iPhone app is without doubt the BEST twitter interface while mobile  the desktop app hopes to be the same
@BreeOlson9 holy hell...if there was a contest for sexiest-self-portrait-with-an-iPhone, you'd definitely win hands down. 
@tsutara You're using an iPhone!!!  Yay!  And what @RandiLee183 send you?!?
@jenocidal I think my iPhone was thinking the same thing because the next song was cake, I will survive.   thank you.
@anniekatrina the next iPhone to be sure 
@gulpanag try tweetie .. It's worth every penny you'd spend on it.. It's the best twitter app for iPhone.. I use the same.. 
@RichHarris2: cool! I wish i had an iPhone too 
@ronenk She also gave me an #iMac 24&quot; and an #iPhone3G before that and a 2G even before that. U have to know the right people. I did... 
I've been working on only #iPhone simulator, but last night I got development signing cert, registered my device &amp; setup provisioning 
@itchychoda get tweetie for your iPhone(paid app!) but I know you like free so get twitterfon. 
@harrietcolson if you get an iPhone and then I get mine we can be iPhone buddies 
@creativeapps Some of them do look awesome - considering picking up 1 of the iPhone cases from there now 
is playing with his iPhone while taking a breather. 
@employerbrander  get the iPhone, Twitterfone and tweet on the go !  
@swadley okay you caught me! The first time in forever that the trusty ol' iPhone has messed up on me.  haha
@Johnytheanomaly did you just jailbreak you iPhone? 
@shrydar using an iPhone as a remote sure is nifty. 
@stephenfry thanks for the advice! I have it on my iPhone but I didnt know they made it for mac too 
@Fabedude I'm thinking I'll buy it ! It's purdy  If I had an iPhone I'd definitely get it for that !
@Chorroroth almost. You can still be ok with the phone. But if my iPhone would die... don't even want to think about it 
So @alroker uses #tweetie I'm impressed  must be on an iPhone?
http://bit.ly/wwdc-scholarship reveals Apple's picks among the next generation of cocoa and iPhone developers ...go, follow them 
Making sure I have enough pzizz audio files (customized 16 different setups x2) on my iPhone in case I need them in the future! 
 twitter is working on my iPhone again
Loving skype on the iPhone 
i very muchly need an iPhone. getting a job to be able to buy one would help 
@applehockey yup, we need to finish some reviews so we can giveaway more promo codes  #iPhone #promocodes: @ap.. http://tinyurl.com/dyycyr
@applehockey yup, we need to finish some reviews so we can giveaway more promo codes  #iPhone #promocodes: @ap.. http://tinyurl.com/dyycyr
@shane_murphy cheers need lessons and more than an iPhone to join the club I'd say 
@applehockey yup, we need to finish some reviews so we can giveaway more promo codes  #iPhone #promocodes: @ap.. http://tinyurl.com/c94qgk
i've finally decided; it shall be the iPhone. 
@EmTunes I love your iPhone links, very original 
@riddle So now we can say iPhone is not ideal 
@h2o_x Just doing a few little fixes on my iPhone app 
saw iPhone 3G and liking it a lot. wanna see it again.  bye all
Is going to be tweeting a whole load more... iPhone 
@1sweetwhirl I am not sure I could 'breathe' without the iPhone either 
is still loving the free Kindle app for iPhone. Makes it super easy to read n then drift off to sleep at night! 
@LegendaryWriter get an iPhone tweet from where ever and when ever u like 
@blackrose36 I love just adding a new contact or event on the computer or iPhone an it gets synced pretty much right away 
Sitting around with the homeboys with a working iPhone tether. 
@eminem http://twitpic.com/4j585 - HAHA nice, now I need an iPhone 
@tuaw In case no one gave you a heads up, AT&amp;T just put out an iPhone app for account management (MyWireless) I'd love to see a review 
@mlomb hi, the parody for iPhone is hysterical, not because it's funny, but because one cannot play the video on iPhone 
@alexosh1234 not worth it! I love the free version for the iPhone though! 
Hey guys I'm going to create an iPhone app that's a twitter client called Tweetilicious please @reply me your thoughts! 
@jimmietryon You can use it for #iPhone app dev. 
@kryanth heh, you seem to have a complex about your iPhone jealousy. This self-denial is harmful! Just let it out. 
@SteamyDarcy Apple's ads aside, I'd rather have recommendations from real people who have real experience with the iPhone apps I seek. 
@Diond408 ooooo I was/am using the iPhone version, I just use the web and sometimes twidget on my mac 
@leelougheed no deal I want it as well as my netbook and iPhone please 
@chrisseymc Not on the iPhone it isn't. 
@geniusboywonder on the upside though, they are talking about a whole range of iPhones being announced. iPhone mini anyone? 
@ShaynaD get an iPhone 
@aalaap @9_6 every new app now hav to b compatible to iPhone 3.0 software 
so iPhones are no longer in short supply then @macdevnet? 
@mtabini that the camera on the iPhone just good enough to be worth the trouble? 
@Ritchiesop gotta love taking pics on the iPhone and being able to post them right away 
@the_nikster you can type weeally well for a drunk....wait an iPhone...auto correct&gt;.&gt; happy bday again 
@jayson_r I do that with my iPhone... support group? 
@JoshDarnIT Friends don't let friends type on their iPhone drunk. 
@markhoppus Are you ditching your iPhone? BB's are cool but I'll keep my iPhone. 
@ryanmedrano it's because you abuse your poor iPhone! Haha. I know you throw it againsts the wall when you get angry 
@markhoppus yes, it's called iPhone 
By @chazdrums @Karmatical BuddyFeed for #iPhone is great. And she's a cutie 
Has #eurovision 2006, 2007 and 2008 on his iPhone. 2009 time now 
I am seriously thinking about getting an iPhone, think i'm going gadget crazy again! They line up on my window judging me. 
@Rhispect aww ok...I play the poker app alot...n it's also linked to the poker app on my iPhone 
@blue_wind it's not mine ,banana day is yours ieie,???????? ???????????  ok ka I will close iPhone now jubu jubu
@mooze yey congrats on the iPhone  and you must get the lj application.
wants to have an iPhone 
@xodedexo18 iPhone.  It's just the best!       
@calm_design works well on the iPhone too 
Tweeting out of college. &lt;3 PDANet for iPhone, so glad I've got it again 
Going to do a 10 min charge so I can take u all to bed with me (iPhone - get ya minds outta the gutter) 
Just organized all 8 pages of iPhone apps into 5 groups. iPhone stuff, games, stupid stuff, things that do stuff and web links. 
@findTheOne ok thanks, got it, I'll have a look when back on computer not iPhone many thanks 
@blfarris - and you just proved you're on an iPhone.   (need=nerd)  
@rumpledoodles tweetie for mac is fantastic! I adore the iPhone app so very much too 
I can't believe it is not cocaine! http://www.theisnort.com/isnort.html (it's good I don't have an iPhone, it could be addictive! 
@FinnPoitier Yes.. I don't want the poor toy to be identified. And the iPhone camera is not the best for close-ups. But the posting works 
maybe I'll watch the 24 finale on my iPhone on the plane now that I've got the DVDrip 
Yay the postman finally came, and he actually delivered what I've been waiting for! iPhone cases, I re-bought the one that got nicked 
Just smashed up the side of my iPhone. awesome start to the day  #fb
@SharimChua the iPhone keyboard strikes again! 
@gulpanag yu shud try the games I told yu on iPhone it's addictive btw thanks 4 pockettweets 
@thesixfootasian well holler when you're back and I'll sort you out an iPhone to test drive 
will do the rest of my #ff later when I have something other than the shittt iPhone app I just tried to use but crashed 
#followfriday @CMoz and @appsandhats for the best #iPhone reviews around 
In business studies with @xoFlawless writting about MyPhones ;) which we made up inspired by the iPhone 
@LovelyCharles Get an iPhone. 
My iPhones battery has been at 100 for the three hours with use. It's finally trained! 
@ettyfarrell i use twitterfon. hit new, then the camera icon, then take photo and upload  depends what ap you use on yr iPhone though
just got an iPhone!  so much fun!!  
Just purchased 'Educate' app for the iPhone... report coming soon 
Wants am iPhone 
@DiabetesMine @Diabeticizme is a force on twitter, and queen of all things iPhone! And a blast to hang with in real life too! 
@JSharpCurtis iPhone 
The new palm pre looks like it's gonna be dope! This is a very good thing for iPhone ppl 
Playing iChess for iPhones.. 
Oh iPhone, how I love thee...let me count the ways!  @therealsecret @iphonetalktoday
Loving my iPhone 
Tweeting from my lovely new iPhone 
