Most common words for this cluster:
[('iphone', 672), ('ipod', 340), ('itunes', 98), ('app', 68), ('touch', 44), ('phone', 40), ('apps', 37), ('lol', 32), ('g', 32), ('apple', 31), ('com', 30), ('os', 28)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'iphone', 0.8998194336891174), (u'ipod', 0.8300432562828064), (u'droid_x', 0.8060416579246521), (u'itouch', 0.7915548086166382), (u'Iphone', 0.788099467754364), (u'iphone4', 0.786207377910614), (u'treo', 0.7671089172363281), (u'ipad', 0.7666397094726562), (u'ipod_touch', 0.7627581357955933), (u'iphones', 0.751487135887146)]





my nokia 1110 died..  
thats it!, im folding and getting tweetie for my iphone - #twitteriffic is taking toooo long to update!.  i need grouping &amp; replies.
yippee!!!  skype app. now available on i-phone whatever next? xcept you cant use the video 
Ugh, I need a bigger ipod. Like seriously 
i just lost my ipod 
i've been thinking about getting a blackberry or an iphone or something, sucks that they all have 2 year contracts 
itunes is fucked up 
ooohhhh! finally call vodafone to sort out new handset and they don't have it in stock... might not get in time for hols... 
I broke the vibrate on my fone. 
what a shame! you can't type persian with tweetdeck   So bad cos it's a  good app
iphone's not working...I feel so alone 
i WANT my ipod to work again! 
@Lhasapso killed my itunes  uninstalling.?
i want my psp back. 
@iamdiddy I don't have an iphone 
cracked my iphone's screen 
needs to put music on her ipod 
the only place gothere.sg can't find is where my lost iphone 3g is 
@Sheald ive never had a successful ride/run with the iphone mapmyrun or runkingpro or whatever it is.  always stops detecting where i am 
Really anoyed ! ipod touch sceen just cracked cant buy or fix it  trying to save for iphone 
cleaning out my itunes lol im tired of putting my ipod on shuffle and not wanting to listen to any of the songs 
@AppleInvestor    sorry to hear that you cannot play the song on your iphone  maybe when you get to a desktop?
@Liamjordan wot, no itunes? 
i reallly want an iphone 
my ipod touch is screwed up? 
@luislanz the iphone 2g only supports bt audio devices, at least under iphone os 2.2.1 
anyone selling an iphone? i need one! they stole mine 
i want an iphone 
my ipod ran away  i wanted to be serenaded to sleep lmao.
Uh Os... iTouch isn't happy. I'm sorry iTouch, I'm not sure what I did, but I'm sorry. I've tried resetting it a few times 
still waiting for my iphone to arrive 
Buying a new damn iphone tom. Waaaaaaaaaah 
my ipod deleted itself 
I forgot my ipod, really missing music 
Eating at ihop using their free wifi since i dont have internet yet 
i want an ipod touch pulak 
@bfgmartin tweetie looks cool, only thing stopping me is lack of columns   their iphone app is awsome though
@aido thats really not a bad idea! I'd do the same if I had a mac laptop 
@shedboy once u done #blackberry u never go back.can't type on the iphone  machine gun app get's u through crowded streets quicker thou
my ipod is died 
missin my ipod 
ya i know i broke my promise of only using my iphone to tweet but the computer was right here 
@treo700 I hope you get it all worked out.  I would really hate to see you leave 
im bored still on the computer  nithing to do listening to my ipod
I wish I had my ipod so I could fall asleep to john mayer on the way homeeeeeee 
my ipod touch just froze 
@ChrisKennedy @patphelan still not able to get my maxoam sims to work on iphone and nokia 6280 
@treasaint I spoke to o2, apparently It was because it wasn't original iphone sim, they send a new one, and it still not works! 
@imontheroof only the iphone  mac should be back soon(ish) I'm really behind on work :|
@feylya I thought my iphone was great too. Now, with no internets and therefore no ability to install apps... It's just a phone 
i hate my phone  damn qwerty keyboards always make me wanna buy them.
is a bit pissed...i want my phone back! with the loud ringtones n qwerty *sigh* this temp. nokia is killin me so bad i dun wanna use it 
Not a happy bunny after cracking the screen on my iphone 
my ipod is broken 
verizon would not replace shari's phone that failed one out of warranty 
Wishes she could listen on her iphone 
needs to downgrade her iphone. 
@adamabbate it was the iphone  unfortunately if you hit the keys wrongly it just sends
gotta take my iphone to the apple store today 
my iphone applications arent working  help! i cant twitter on my phone boooooooo
@schmileyfaycee  put in your ipod 
@MsMizzle well if you must know, i had to go there and get a new iphone/ipod cord because one of the cats chewed on it 
It would appear that the neighbours have noticed my wifi leaching 
sending my ipod touch away for repair!!  i'm missing mafialive already...
@brendon_martin thanks for the follow... I'm using twitter on my android phone, not bad, but it's not an iphone. 
what has happened my itunes ? 
My ipod just died. 
@tramane I'm rockin the touch pro LOL  i still want the iphone but baseband 2.30 is impossible to crack, not even the dev team can do it! 
my itunes is playing in mono not stereo........ hmmmm 
Having no laptop is depressing. I wanna put new songs on my ipod!!! I miss you itunes..  my ipod feels ancient.
my ipod's running out of space. 
Wondering what i'm doing to do about my iphone . . . . ? 
I think my ipod is breaking 
ik its not good to be tied to material things, but im SO DEPRESSED i lost my ipod. i just wanna sync it to my itunes 
Why do all the twitter apps for blackberry suck? I want my iphone back 
the wheel randomly stops working on my ipod  hopefully its not time for a new one just yet...
Needs to fix my ipod! 
Being sad ibiza is cancelled for 09 
@lara92 i have all the small things on my itunes. wish i had an ipod 
On ipod so bored 
it's so boring without my ipod and laptop 
desperate for my computer to be fixed so i can download the new devil wears prada cd onto my ipod 
I want an iphone! 
ad my ipod cord broke again, brb buying more superglue. im in such a bad mood and idek why 
Computer is crashing  back to the ipod
I basically cry everytime i see an iphone add on tv 
dammit!! at&amp;t sux! i couldn't use the nin access iphone app, or tweet. and i had full signal. kept getting &quot;no internet connection&quot; error 
just got my ipod conviscated by mr willow  
@adamrebel thanks! Lol my google phone is waaack I wish I had an iphone 
omfg.. i cant update software cause my phone is out of warranty. fml. what do i do 
@sophiamiles im so so cold  iphone is so good!
@tysiphonehelp sucks i cant download tytube since i got my iphone taken away 
@NicksaCarr i've done it more than once, i've also dropped an ipod down a toliet too!!! it sucks! 
i test url = i twat irl? iphone fail 
my ipod stops working 
@ADrunkReaper As long as i have enought for the new iPhone, i'm set. I wanna buy a new mac however! 
i lost my ipod 
Playing with a cool ipod touch! No, not mine.  it's mommy's.
gota luv mobile tweetn now my phones dead 
I'm having a serious blink 182 addiction! Why isn't greatest hits in my ipod 
 cant find my wall chager for my iphone so have to charge from computer might get some apps any 1 no any good 1s
heading to the everglades this weekend for some fishing and the [formerly] awesome tide app on my iphone hasn't worked since last update 
my iphone has died!!! 
Just woke up, I think I drooled on my iphone when I was sleeping.. 
oh dear god... i can not wait until the new apple iphone 3.0 to be released. i'm tired of going to the web to look @ pic msgs to my phone 
Problems with itunes.  Its not letting me download my porn to my ipod.    haha
@casttro cant iphone not compatible 
@angelacatherine has kidnapped le iphone and is updating twitter. 
@Sianz hehe, i wish  got my ipod nano on at the mo, but doubt my patients would appreciate me listening to that whilst i see them :-/
I think i officially killed my ipod 
#smx no free wifi apparently  thats baaaaad #smxlondon
iphone emits no sound   found some solutions on the web, we'll see in an hour wether i should really worry...
@papadimitriou it seems twitter and iphone has been troublesome for you.. goodluck 
@glyn_e I'd get a ipod touch or iphone if they had 3.2mp camera's as that's one of the main features I used on my k800i. n95 don't cut it 
Ugh itunes deleted itself 
forgot to bring my ipod 
@SamNUK I know i do  the problem is when ever i listen to music I always do it with my ipod, even at home &amp;i never think to sync my itunes
@okocharuud Hha..its been raining!!  I'll buy it on itunes ;)
argh! annoyed that frigging itunes won't work 
Sitting in traffic without my ipod 
@TheGadgetShow update on the free falling iphone, the home button is not scarily stiff 
i can text on my phone but thats it, no myspace, no twitter, no emails etc. shitt suckssss     F you Tmobile!
@joedickinson hi joe, I'm not sure fella. If it's a 3g iPhone on bootloader 02.30+, your only option now is a turbo sim, which is flakey 
According to my iPhone twitted ap I've made the max refresh requests I can in 1 hour...it sucks 
my itunes has gone dodgyyyy 
my itunes isnt working 
I lost my iphone!! Boooooooo 
@evanhindra what's annoying is that it doesn't distinguish between tweetie for mac and tweetie for iphone 
ipod froze up and won't even reset 
Theres no frickin wireless in this classroom so i cant get online on my itouch 
@lekogm I miss verizon too   if only they had the iphone.
someone took a bite of my apple - iphone finally crashed and is going through a full restore.  lost some pics of the kid ((
@ktmaillis jealous of your iphone  i want
@ktmaillis jealous of your new iphone  i want
i have no way of listening to any music no laptop, no itunes, no limewire and ipod is dead 
Still trying to catch up iphone dev classes 
reformatting my ipod              
@acraig426 awesome. are you going to buy yours soon, then? also, $229 only gets you the 8gig ipod! i have more music than that 
i want an ipod touch 
My itouch needs charging  http://twitpic.com/65xop
blast! my ipod is busted!  i guess i've been needing an excuse to get a new one...
@UrbanEyeCandy im on ipod app i csnt 
never will the backing up of the iphone take so long  
I can't find my ipod 
ipod touch: worth the money? because i'm thinking of buying one. my ipod is dead since this morning 
enjoying and exploring my n96 phone.. grr.. it's awesome.. but i wanted the samsung omnia.. 
@xDKrystal yen lol but i can only get the vid on my phone and ipod cant find the song  lol
in media still havnet found ipod  
macbook dying. switching to iphone. 
my special edition JFPL came today! all i have time to do is rip the demo cd to itunes and upload to my ipod before i go to work 
@Juggernautt I broke my ipod 
I've knack my iphone, I got melted chocolate into the speaker, I now can't hear it when it rings 
@mitchelmusso i'm about to have to hang up   my fone is getting to hot
i have poop on my shirt and a insanely cracked screen on my iphone. daaaang. 
my ipod died  not running until it is charged.
has a broken iphone 
i'm probably the only person in the world that uses tweetie from my ipod touch &amp; not an iphone  ghetto? haha
@Scandalous an iphone app came out a few months back called zemote, bumped my domain zemote.com out of the #1 spot 
All my calendar data between my iphone and ical/entourage has disappeared  so annoying, I wish they would just sort this issue out.
lost my ipod 
@cdewaal its really not fair.. For those if is without an iphone. 
Tmobile didn't give me a new phone even after I bitched them out and threatened to leave. The best they offered was an upgrade for $50. 
@CandyKID @CandyKID oh shit i idd it off my iphone the site looked basic now i look at it on my mac it looks well dodgy  i fail!
PISSED supposdley my ipod is full  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
@mileycyrus I just stabbed my thumb  trying to fix my dumb ipod that just stopped working.
@toddhustins Mozzies, ipod stolen -- what else bad happened?? 
phones gonna die  I'll try and get on the comp soonish..
iphone system restore failed  iphone officially busted....... No service, no signal and screwed...........pass the tissues.
,@epicwinmaster Theres a new tree app too~  do not want.
ugh, i have to fill my auntys ipod up with her music, that means I have to put 556 CDs onto the itunes 
i really need to revamp my music. doesnt help that my itunes and ipod are broken.  im going to make a list of music... suggestions?
ugh so upset. the day after ordering my mac, a promotion is on : get a free ipod touch when you purchase a mac for uni. 
i miss my ipod! 
@jackmisner my mac os died last week so i had to get it replaced to all my music gone  so im going through ipod to find music
need a new ipod. no more space 
@dorritos No I can pick up reception with my mac but not with my iphone 
@didie_mun i am also thinking about an ipod touch, a new handphone, or nothing. so damn hard choice 
I am tweeting from an iphone. Not. 
ugh. lost my iphone 
cant get my bluetooth working betwwen phone and mp3 player  hmm
Why my ipod not workin ?? It's so sadd 
dammmmit, lost my precious iphone 
after that IT midterm, I'm thinking maybe I'm not as g33ky as I thought;  Another like that &amp; I'll surrender my iPhone.  
I just got a iphone &amp; i restore it by mistake and i didn't do backup now its not working at all what 2 do ??  
still at the mac store... got my phone swapped  wont do a white one tho 
aw whit i only have a gb left on my 16gb ipod 
I don't like twitterfon  what apps are u guys using with the iphone? On the way to the wakeboard tour... Almost free!!!!!
i don't have my iphone anymore .. so i can twitter no more 
my ipod died and i cant find the charger. 
@NatalieGrant I wish I had a reset button on my ipod..it froze on me tonight  hope its not broken
my knee still hurts  charging mah ipod.
Just noticed that my iphone has a big new ugly crack.  excuse me while I go cry myself to sleep
i miss my ipod. 
@punkylady yeah it was freezing for me too.. the darn iphone wasn't meant for streaming 
Everyone has a iphone but me 
@stibbons you need the kindle reader for iphone/ipod or a kindle first 
grr trying to find a mobile app that works 
dislikes ipods breaking down immensly. 
me &amp; ipod are not meant to be. 
why is my ipod jumping? 
@erbins exclusive to vodafone 
upgrading linux on eeepc always brings wifi down 
 Something is wrong with my iphone. How will I survive?!?
lost her 2nd bluetooth headset last nite... 
should i get an iphone, the lg dare, or a blackberry?  idkk
so i gained my ipod back and left my wallet. 
@mikefal that's why i don't know...i don't have an iphone. 
spilled water on my precious iphone and now it won't turn on    going to the apple store so they can fix my life
iphone broken again  back to the apple store i goooo
Trying to jail break an iphone but scared it's going to crash!!! 
@ian_si I stick to main roads. That said, I just lost my ipod while jogging.. too dark to find it. Rather upset 
i need to tune my gtar but my step dad took off the app on his iphone 
@erichesselbach ya, I use mobile web on my pda, but it's not an iphone 
Ugh I hate it when my apps won't open I have to like restore my ipod :/ &amp; also can't sleep 
I want my white iphone 
@bana76: It died just like my ipod.  
@lisakart um i hate you. I need an iphone.  lol
Just listening to my ipod the climb. wel it just ran out of batry 
whadahellll where's my ipod phoneeeeeeeeee 
I would sell my soul to get my ipod back 
@lishyloo yeah  i sold it to @blastoffbrett because my new apartment didn't like the iphone.
I've run out of music space on my ipod... 
i miss my iphone  hope apple comes out with a new model this summer, i need my iphone fix!
The itunes that's bundled with iphone os3.0b has the same bug as a few releases back!after evrything you do it backs-up the whole iphone 
My iphone is soo buggy. I h8 it 
nyawwww i wish i had an iphone 
Wifi net connection in the office = FAIL! 
Wifi net connection in the office = FAIL! 
@nirrimi nice, i want one with a qwerty keyboard as well. i saw the samsung impression but it's not available in europe (yet?). 
Having phone trouble.  It keeps saying memory is full and close apps but there are no apps open and plenty of space   #nokia #e63
aha friend gave me her old motorola razr and i got it working again but for how long... but still need a new cell tho 
I forgot my ipod 
@iammatthewlane i know, me too, plus my ipod headphones are being all staticy.  but im listening to jesse mccartney! (:
i fergot to charge my fone last nite, so now it's about to go low on battery! 
I wish i could listen to my ipod right now 
i need a new txt ringtone.  i cant hear it anymore 
@subdigital i think i can be free for a skype later, but you may be further along in iphone dev than me at this point. work commitments 
@thomashfoster her iphone continued on and on and on 
@Patriotsbball but its not on playstation  #e3
i just spent a good ten mins putting photos of besties together to spuce up my mobile like a teen hah - usb device not recognised  wat?
Oh  I've lost my ipod. What a dickhead I am.
@PinkElephant73 if u use two different versions of itunes for your ipod .. it will die 
Actually my ipod just died lol 
I really want my ipod back 
damn apple for teasing that itunes now supports iphone software ver 3.0 
Watching dawsons creek and i cant find my ipod! 
my ipod is about to run out  damn it
@inkybinkybee actually flooa doesn't work for an iphone - your stuck with itunes unless you jailbreak your phone 
when did amazon stop discounting xbox live subscriptions? 
@iammod aww that happened 2 me 2 like 3 months ago. Its all still on my ipod &amp; ive been trying to buy a data transfer program ever since 
@deewoodz u can have a memorial for mine 2! I miss my iphone 
walking home and about to be all by my lonesome at the laundramat with an uncharged ipod FAIL 
 my ipod died errrrrr.
and still no iphone  it got lost/stolen booooo
no more ipod 
so i am tweeting for the hell of it. i am so bored. and my ipod is charging. 
@peterfacinelli  I don't have an iphone...that makes me sad....
My iphone died 
@FTSKROCKS I know... its sad. he should get rid of the iphone 
@therealyoungb new iphone out very soon...also i'm taking you off mysite..your actually a very smart young girl! u just made a bad choice 
i miss my boyfriend. alot. almost 48 hourse with out talking to him  going CRAZYYYY...p.s. screw verizon wireless. its their fault
this ipod shuffle is not very shuffley 
it's times like this I wish I could put new songs onto my ipod. it's britney spears and lady gaga-less 
@dooi too bad I have an iphone ... 
fucking itunes is not opening up 
no iphone yet!  
@saddest you need a ipod! its 2009! and my aim is messing up 
@illingsworth grrr...both phones completely dead now 
back from walk. my iphone ran out of battery, so now i have no music 
noooooo restored iphone now everythings gone 
I hate downloading new itunes they take sooo long 
oh noes, i've got a dead pixel in my iphone 
my 3 usb dongle has arrived popped it into the mac and nothing  off to fdin some drivers
@peterfacinelli do u hav to have the iphone app to see these pics? I dont have an iphone 
my iphone doesnt vibrate anymore. 
@ahmytamagotchi aww   well theres the iphone/ipod touch version out atm! i ran out of itunes credit though... &gt;&lt;
is sad his ipod appears to be dead...  
stupid effin computer is not letting me put new song on my ipod 
@ItsBashy just bought your album, but no pc or cd player to play it  on yet  will be playing it in the car down from manchester to lo ...
Dammit! I forgot my ipod and headphones. 
The screen on my iphone broke... 
itunes ate my N.A.S.A. 
@dannygokey I'm still waiting for an iphone 
ipod just died 
@TwistedUmbrella I just saw you were banned from xda  where can I find you now?
I'm seriously upset/sad about my ipod 
@jbrisbon update my ipod 
@dunesite I just checked, it's not on itunes. 
 ipod died mid song.... hate when that happens
Grrrrrr blackberry is stuck on GSM network.. Means only phone will work, no BBM or data.  I am such a tech junkie/nerd, its kinda creepy.
i want the htc dream or the htc magic, now ! 
@willsmith next iPhone coming out in a lil over a month and you buy a blackberry?! I didn't expect this level of fail from you 
@willbarron Fieldrunners has taken over my life! I need a spare iPhone to play it on cos I keep running the battery down 
aww... sim 3 is not working on my iphone 
I think my iphone is already an antique 
bouh to go sell ma iphone  
@BOBAashlee i just woke up  hopefully my fone will be on later.
@GodEater other than http://developer.apple.com/iphone/ I'm not sure where to get it for 'free' sorry  (legally that should be)
My ipod is eff-ed up  HELLLLP!
ahhh fuck, i lost my ipod  and my computer has no itunes so im forced to listen to songs through youtube jkdshfjs
I definitely need a new ipod. my old fashioned black nano keeps freezing 
grrrrr stupid ipod will still not update 
ipods gone gaaaaaaaaaaaayy! need to get a new one 
@JackAllTimeLow i wish we had warped tour in australia! instead all we can do is drink.. and listen to our ipods 
anyone else use 1password on the iphone,  i cant getin the app without the master password now! i have locked myself out!!
@PatchouliW 1&amp;1 internet hosting sucks cos they only allow you to carry light weight apps and only internal apps so no sl http requests 
@Rondhi nope  i'm just using a digicam. don't have any good software for my music, that sucks. i'm saving up for a mac! that'll take years
2.20am ... gps gps gps 
my ipod is on the fritz 
i REALLY hate itunes! it never works for me!!  
aw bastard!! sonic the hedgehog is only for the iphone!  i think i may have 2 purchase the iphone!  x
@chi_weets and why does your username have to have the _, that's on the third page of the iphone keyboard 
I miss my fone 
just found my zune usb cable  i miss that little guy. where ever you are daddy still loves you! lal
@MartyatIZEA i'm sick and i can't use my zune  and i'm pretty bored.
@shakastef.. my coworker just checked.. couldn't find an app on the iphone for gmail chat 
@jedi58 no  I will admire from afar (and watch the liveblogging from engadget). Also I'll buy a new iPhone to add to my collection 
Its kinda hard for me to tweet whem my ipod is on its charger 
my ipod mini is finally dead.... i think 
just found out an old school friend is dev'ing iphone apps but cant afford the $99/yr licence fee to publish them. #ipwn 
My fone broke today...its so hard trying to find a new fone to get!! I was quite happy with my little brick fone 
i miss my iphone 
i'm trying to download sims 3 for my ipod but i'm getting frustrated cause takes me to my billing info instead of using my gift card. 
@ParistheVixen  as soon as I gave u that halftime score my iPhone died  n I was watchin the gm at a homies...so sorry 
@ my dads bored as crap he dont have a tv or internet so im watchng greys anatomny on my ipod greys make me antsy &amp; have no ipod charger 
Wish iphone 3g had a better battery lyf.. I juz fully charged it &amp; now its down to abt 90% coz am using wifi 
@sorryrich i'm sorry.  I wish I could fix your ipod.
argh....just updated itunes and now I can't log in... 
Waiting for my ipod to un freeze !  and i'm soo hungrey !
i don't think i'm ever turning my iphone off again 
can't hack his psp.. 
Windows is crap .. airtel/vodafone live do not work on windows mobile systems ...  ... waste of having a business fone if connectivity 
No app in ovi store for msn?? There's fring but info not found when click. 
can't have an iphone after all - no at&amp;t service where we live.  looking at sprint phones now... the rant is pretty in purple!
I want an iphone. 
Windows is crap .. airtel/vodafone live do not work on windows mobile systems ...   waste of having a business fone if no connectivity 
where the hell is my ipod 
listening to my ipod  bored
@mystake no iphone/bb  maybe should I photobooth it.. haha
My ipod won't charge 
hmm since when did itunes need the iphone unlock with passcode to sync with it!?!!? 
-my ipod has officially died.. 
can't find the lead off my ipod....... 
Ughhhh  iphones are never easy.
im waiting the release of 3.0 firmware for my iphone 
and to top that off, my ipod freaking died yesterday so i had to shell out $250 for a new one...shitty  loved that ipod too...
ive lost my ipod     X_x
@lyndsieohhh how do you connect to the safari on the ipod touch?? I'm new to this 
now my nokia 5320 is dead, was trying to update the firmware  I need my phone back (
everyone either has the iphone or blackberry. im stuck with my razor for another year 
@KendraRayL I can't  cuz it cost but i can from my ipod lols
@crywolf that twitterfon app? thats harder! here doing online college junk.  haha why did i think that was a good descion? what about you?
@redmamba do let us know when you've uploaded to flickr?  my iphone shots were truly pants. epic fail on the iphone camera front. 
@besteditoralive vente I'm down to go but your phones off 
@lucylemon LOL I know we got the wrong one to start of with it was just an expensive fancy pedometer with no gps 
wifi is very slow though  luckily my wife could use skype!..
i've given in i now have twitter on ny ipod  i'm ashamed
i want the new #iphone 
@kvainas den mporw!!  to app sto iPhone (kinito ths etairias sou!!!) :p den douleuei... ;)
Driving to langley. And my ipod died 
@nicoleheartsjb nsync is on my ipod 
my comps have been messin up sorry twitters wish i had a blackberry r sumthin 2 update from my fone but i dont 
@alancostello You so should! I want one but with release of new iphone just around the corner, I won't have the cash 
@chelseaguarco no can do, verizon doesn't have a sim card 
tried to use qik on my sony K610i - and would you believe it! Not good enough 
Working with some WII homebrew and updating Cydia for the Ipod yeah but at least the funeral i went to wasn't closely related to me still 
@RayRayMoran i waited 2 1/2 hours to meet him. i bought his cd on itunes, but they said i cdnt meet him. he was a ft away 
@hodapp hehe. @148apps beat u. :p 
@Rimfyre i actually didn't get to watch the game at all..  i was listening on my iphone to the broadcast from detroit...
I feel like whenever I need my ipod I can never find it 
My ipod!  @banannerzz  has it!!! Haha!
@HibaNick that was fast! usually i will take hoursssss. hehe. I'm always lazy to have music on my ipod so its e same boring songs. 
looking at mad iphone cases. link is too long to insert  to facebook chat!
@bencc if the rumor photos of the new iphone are accurate, I don't think it looks as pretty 
Is sad bc my mac charger has officialy died. 
@Morrica iTouch lacks predictive text like phones. it has a full keyboard  and it's LAME!
@hash_iphone there's no way to restore it. bootneuter was used in unlocking it so no matter what i do its unlocked but unactivated 
@jesssicababesss There's NO wifi theree 
argh, dropped my iphone and now the home button is acting weird 
@skywriting i cant follow you from my iphone coz your updates are protected. 
@shaundiviney my ipod froze. and I need to listen to you to make me happy  will you come sing to me? x
@SanaTawileh i was told phones were too  so jealous! hehe
@peterfacinelli hey peter just wondering when does nurse jackie air again? i would like to set my dvr to tape it. no iphone here 
still looking for my ipod 
@ToniaMBartz i had them before verizon and their phones didn't work as well here in ga. verizon has good coverage, just can't switch yet 
no longer as addicted... cellphone wold use mp3s as ringtones 
missin' my iphone  http://plurk.com/p/z5dpo
my ipod won't sync 
So I'm hating this freaking tiny twitter for blackberry... And I would use twitterfon that I have on my ipod touch but no wifi out here 
my alltel is merging with verizon...booo! I've been with alltel for like 6 years because I like them, not verizon 
@quepasakylie i cant im on tje itouch.  that sucks...
@jonathancoulton any idea why suddenly I get 'cannot play' error for codemonkey on utube on iphone? always played fine before. 
has somehow completley broken her itunes?! 
*sigh* still trying to fix my ipod... 
@saketvora how is the pre palm?  the iphone is coming out with new bells and whistles on monday.. i hope jobs is less cachetic 
I really miss my ipod 
My ipod head phones died. 
can't get any new maps for my gps! anyone know how to hack gps devices?? need help 
.. I guess after I get my external hard drive, I have to restore my ipod to get it to work properly. 
I wish I had my ipod back 
sore throat all weekend can't make any videos till its gone  I might just get a new skin for my iphone or for my macbook pro
this is horrible. it wasn't the usb cable. it is the firmware. I've been working on this for hours and nothing. 
on my psp, it has skype! no mic though 
@sydhappens it was winning a free ipod touch that convinced me. 
i cant find my ipod! 
@peterfacinelli I dont have an iphone  u making me want to buy 1 stop it lol
@lichoda1  what kinda phone u got? u should go for the iphone i love it
I want to listen to my zune but I can't find my head phones 
trying to restore ipod but vant. 
trying to restore ipod but cant. 
this is toture, i really want a mac and a iphone now, i hate being poor 
nearly destroyed my gps datalogger just now 
@Meganitis i wish i had an iphone too 
having problems with my macbook trackpad...might be goin to the apple shop to find out whats wrong... 
how do i get songs from my comp to my ipod...its not workin 
still thinks that iphones sucks.. no chance to upload songs from my library to the iphone of a friend  (maybe i'm too stupid)
trying in vain to win an iphone.  #squarespace #squarespace!!
@iMattsReview as far as I am aware there not giving iphone3g users any options to upgrade from exsisting contracts,and no pre ordering 
@dollypip i want a shiny new iphone too 
listening to the ipod. still in french 
brief scare - nearly lost tethering on iphone... 
My iphone headphones are dying. 
is dissapointed his iphone is not working 
filling my iphone up with music I could put my whole library on if I had a 32gig iphone 
i am poo, iphone is not. #squarespace has too many iphones, i have none 
@LJRF i know! ive uploaded em 2 my puter &amp; ipod already can u email few of the D front of us pics? not on cd 
back to the ipod shuffle whilst the classic gets fixed 
My twitteriffic is not connecting tru my iphone 
@brandonkelly ;_; i can has no iphone.  (desperation sinks in) ;-)
i miss my ipod. 
Just screwed myself up by downloading some facebook app on ipod 
@ChickenStudios my mum took it off me  i have to deal with my ipod touch now.. oh how i miss it 
@ThisModernDeath Because the iphone doesn't support flash yet 
mi iphone murioooo crisis! 
ima cry i didnt win the #trackle iphone  well maybe i will win the #squarespace one can only hope
so i was really excited when i got the twitter, i even got the iphone app. but now i dont use it 
I can't find my ipod...I think I feel sick 
i think my ipod just pooped out on me 
@PHdeOliveira cute. #squarespace I wannnnnnnnnnnnt an iphone  don't be selfish you already have one!!!
really, really, really wants the new iphone..if only I could get rid of my old one! 
resetting my iphone in order to make my new jawbone bluetooth device work. 
I can't find my ipod 
my ipod won't sync up with my itunes. someone haaaalp meeee 
wheres my ipod?!?? 
Is really sad that my app on my iphone is broke for twitter.. it keeps saying its down 
iphone charger died 
I eated my ipod like a cookie 
@JennyStarship no i need a new ipod. 
is cleaning his iTunes - it is like my SL inventory only WORSE!!  http://plurk.com/p/118tg1
About to plug in my ipod cause @923NowFm is fkn w my emotions. 
so I just syncd my #iphone HOPing the update was in..nope it aint 
trying to get my ipod to sync with jb  x
@iDekz that blows!  oh well... Hopefully the 4th gen iPhone will be a bigger upgrade anyways!
I proboly will tweet less because of the limited wifi. 
@iphone_dev i wish i read this before i updated my itunes 
really can't find her ipod. 
#squarespace When will I get an iphone 
why do i keep getting an error on my iphone?? 
finally got my fone back working it locked me out 
caved in and bought some iphone apps... sally's day spa? sally's hair salon? omg... im such a sucker 
Morning traffic sucked without my ipod. 
just gt my ipod , they gave me a 1g  but still i gt a brand new ipod . i got to put back on all my apps and music
My iphone is damaged 
got a new ipod . but its not yellow 
now fancies a starbucks after reading beth's update haha. This PC is killing me with it's speed. boo  *wishes she had laptop charger*
The wireless on my macbook works now... if only my ipod did too. 
do i want the new iphone 3g s. i can not decide 
my Nokias are running out of battery, and so is my handy cam 
i'd also like a new iphone #squarespace 
dropped my iphone it not working look for a replacement 
i miss my psp 
#ipod restore apparently takes forever. #failure ! 
blahhh i need an ipod ! 
wth is wrong with my iphone? 
I want my iphone now.  
#squarespace havent recieved my iphone yet! 
I feel the intense and sudden urge to listen to aqua...too bad my ipod is dead. 
@tomfelton oh i want a iphone so bad too! 
i'm having problems losing wifi on my replacement iphone, i've tried everything &amp; am now restoring it, if no joy it'll have to go back 
The rubber in my iphone earbuds is gone and the buds don't fit as tightly anymore 
i've somehow turned my predictive txt off, i dunno how to fix it  can anyone help???? I'm on a nokia e63
my itunes isnt working  that means i cant add the new jb cd from the cd to my ipod :/
once again, the only guy sitting at the table with no iphone. 
I need a new fm transmitter for my ipod...... now I can't listen to it in my car 
i didnt get my new ipod yet  might get it this wed
i wish i had an iphone i would really love one but cant aford one  dam
Waiting at verizon...browser takes forever to load. Hopefully this won't take long. Doesn't look promising though. 
@geehwan 's iphone 3gs shipped already, to be delivered jun 18.. what about mine 
@LadyLeshurr chann did not say dat about the iphone did she ...aww betrayallll ...dats. SssssSSSSonic Parrrr  
@putoutthemoon haha, you're cute! i'm so oldschool i don't even have an ipod. 
At 12:43am iphone os version is still 2.2.1 
@mcdoeli07 i love buying music from itunes... i miss my ipod 
@tromboneforhire nooope  its long gone. getting an iphone soon
I want an iphone 
dang it no iphone again. i'm starting to wonder if #squarespace doesn't like me 
seacrh for tweetdeck on the iphone store does not work for me 
in germany there is no tweetdeck in the app store  http://bit.ly/vUgLY
@wtcc  i want an iphone soo bad!
listening to @ashleytisdale on my ipod. i seriously need a new headset 
sad that i only have an ipod touch and not an iphone  *tear*
I think my ipod is dying 
I want my iphone. 
i wanna have my iphone on my hands 
@labnol iframe of nokia is not loading 
i locked myself  out of my iphone lsl phoneless well, iphoneless until friday 
soooooooooo tired, and my ipod is effed 
awoke and looking for new #iphone os 3.0 - nothin 
Downloaded a 7 gig file to find out it doesn't fit on my ipod  fucked up my what.cd ration in the process
seriously wants a new #iphone... or an #iphone in general.  How sad 
@jarrodsgirl it turned off on me and now I can't get it to turn back on...oh and I didn't get the new album on my ipod yet 
#iPhone 3.0  Just checked itunes update and it says my iphone software is upto date...    looks like 1200est has come and gone
okay, so, it's june 17th and there's still no link to download the new iphone update... i'm so anxious! 
my itunes doesn't work! 
phone is notttt working  1st bad experience with the iphone
tweetdeck for iphone keeps crashing! 
@vivian1129 im deciding between new iphone, htc dream, and a blackberry 
waiting for iphone 3.0 may not happen tonight! 
my phone is broken and i dont get my new iphone til friday 
Just broke my iPhone.  http://gifts.freebiejeebies.co.uk/76968
@seancallanan i just downloaded it on my ipod touch but it went flat 
@abbieeex at least you have an ipod 
Still waiting for iphone 3.0. 
whenever i listening to my ipod and listen to a sad song , i cry 
@heatheriffic17 you sure know how to &quot;brighten&quot; my mornin'  considerin' my nerdy-self is still waiting for my iPhone update.  ha.
did install tweetdeck 0.26 with column sync for iphone. but nothing is synced.  http://tweetdeck.com/beta/
iphone 3.0 not till 6pm in u.k   
@MooseQuest haha. ;) in my case the user interface get stuck and the app crashes.  #iphone @tweetdeck
#iphone suck  and i only say this cause i dont have one ..lol
Past midnight  No new software yet. #iphone
   www.apple.com/iphone now has it for the 18th   
iphone delayed the software update! boooo. off to bed. boo hoo 
WTH!? 3.0 release has been bumped to the 18th!  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
still no iphone 3.0 available for me.... but i want it now 
3.0 jailbreak is already out? the fuck this is sweet...now i gotta format my ipod for 3.0 
@belewien i wish. alltel doesn't have iphones. 
still no iphone 3.0  when is it out in the uk?
i want to make an iphone app. that seems neato.... but i dont know how to write code 
@ether_radio so it does! my itunes says my phone is up to date already though with it's version 2 software.  
hmm no iphone update yet 
@PostGay do you know where my gameboy went? I miss him sooo bad 
@kribba Still 17th here: http://www.apple.com/iphone/softwareupdate/ I'm confused. 
How do I get the iphone upgrade. It says it's up to date....   
@blissfulweds oh, the photo lab I go to is going downhill and theres only one other place in Gizzy and also Applecare declined my repair 
i forgot my itouch code 
iphone #squarespace but you don't call me 
R @rosscify btw that iphone OS you linked to doesn't seem to work on 3G 
waiting for iphone 3.0, nowere to be seen 
iPhone update 3.0 scheduled cor hume 17th... They have only 12 hours left, I can't download it yet 
im really sick of my itunes playlist. i need new music. But limewire will give my laptop viruses  the world is so unfair
I'm sick of hearing bout the new iPhone already!!!! I'm dreading the launch this fri  petes sake!
damn, a burst in my iphone window 
Why do I even keep so much shit music on my ipod? 
@hansonmusic not on uk iTunes 
couldn't update my iphone before coming to work 
@ijustine I dont have a iphone  you think i should get one?? xD
@DanielRz I think i'm gonna have to give in to peer pressure and switch from palm to iphone 
i lost my ipod tiuch 
@lomolibertine cuz when i switched I remained on the iphone tarrif  cool stuff like mms and internet and voicemail wouldnt work.
i want an iphone 
its 12:50am still no iphone 3.0 software arrrrrrh... I want it and I want it now...... well.. gonna have to go to bed now 
Someone has stolen my ipod cord. 
where is my iphone 3.0 softwear 
i want my new iphone now! 
itunes not working ! 
bahh. my ipod refuses to  be jailbroken again     #squarespace
up, refreshing engadget and gizmodo every min hoping iphone 3.0 is out.  Its not yet though 
bored at the airport.....nooo ipod 
first #iphone 3g crash...  
@facundorules just plug into your itunes, but it has to be the latest itunes version. i tried it this morning but wasnt out yet 
@alyankovic i bought craigslist from zune today (zune site was down yesterday)  the video isn't there, though - why is it only on itunes? 
Why did my beloved iphone have to be doused in THE SEAWATER stupid 
perfect time for my iphone cord to go out. 
#vodafone has let me down 
I want my iphone 3.0 already 
@ronaji same  i brought my usb to work..im so tempted to download itunes on this computer! lol
BOOOOOOOOOO.  3.0 software delayed til tomorrow!   http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
Is this true the iphone update delayed till 2morow? 
@shesaidtruly thats even better cause then the iphone will actually cost you the advertised price. i'm not eligible for an upgrade 
i woke up stoked to install iphone os 3.0, but it wasnt there. Its like saying no santa on xmas morning 
on tweetdeck for iphone - for those who have tried it, did your groups get set up automatically?  mine did not 
Attention iPhoners anticipating the 3.0 update today: It will NOT be out until tomorrow!  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
iphone went crazy... i'm having to restore it 
whatever happened to the iphone update? i still haven't got mine. grrrrrrr. i'm pissed. 
im just waiting for the new iphone update 
@jeffparks all my pod casts got wiped out  i messed uo my ipod. hopefully i can recall what three i have not listend to.
is so upset   i shattered the screen on my iphone.... why is it one thing after another...
@supernovette soundcheck's already on in my ipod. doesn't help that much 
iphone 3.0 still waiting 
@blue_cat_online any ideas where it is on the site?  I've got ipod touch so am going to need to pay 
@tmasteve wondering if iphones are first and ipod touches will get the update later 
still isnt downloading iphone os 3.0 but wonders why everyone else is 
iPhone update is nu officieel morgen pas  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
jus tried to update #iphone still nothin  Wtf is taking so long with the release?
@nikkirosety haha well i don't hate iphones at all imma prolly get the 3gs, but the only con i have right now is the keyboard  but well se
why haven't i received a shipment notification yet apple? i want my iphone 
My twitter application on my iphone is screwed up 
oh no! iphone os upload has  been canceled and now it tells me to take up to 3 hours  #fail
less than 10mb to go on the iphone os3 download!! getting closer every second but then we also have the upload time to the iphone 
 I just had to restore my iphone to its original settings...wtf apple...this sucks. I better not lose everything....
Tons of problems downloading os 3.0  had to restore iphone hopefully i didnt loose anything.
I got the #iphone 3.0 update but I won't have my phone until friday 
i so want an iphone but only if i had the money hmmm 
@iamdanw re: &quot;now what?&quot; - be upset that o2 haven't switched mms on yet and that the handset locks up sporadically. 
Now I want the 3G S for speed and the camera.....  http://gizmodo.com/5293388/iphone-3gs-review
Typically my iphone worked perfectly at the apple store  it better work 2nite
@PhilDouyon kk sounds good! im so happy the iphone is free but i jst broke my phone 
aww the download for os 3.0 timed out  who else is getting this? #iphone
@JUNEBUG5 have to wait for the unlock release  arghhh i WANT one of the iphone 3gs!!! #trackle #squarespace
buggering itunes broke at the last stage of updating iphone. electrical things hate me  i have bad luck technicologically 
@CHANTALMENARD i meant *celebrate (dumb iphone typos) 
the storm is coming back out, fucked my iphone up  drats, hope the dev team get there tools out shortly lol
 my iphone just crashed again whilst downloading the new 3.0 update if you need to contact me email or twitter for now
@godfatherobie its not free for ipod touch  im not buying it lol
wishing that the iphone would already come out in israel 
yeah my iphone crashed....   
The iphone cannot be updated at this time because the iphone activation server is temporarily unavailable 
iphone 3.0 bricked my phone because activation servers are getting slammed. 
Having password prblems on #iphone w #iTunes  believe me #apple I know my password
iphone now bricked  can't connect to itunes store to finish activation.  all my problems are now worse.  
@#iphone like so many others update ok but timeouts accessing istore and phone useless now 
plugging iphone in and out trying to connect it to the itunes server 
my iphone just died - tried to update and it died. 
sad that the iphone activation server is down 
os 3 it effed up my #iphone just like last time....I knew better but I downloaded it anyway...  big frown!
So glad I checked twitter before updating my iPhone- looks like the os launch hasn't gone well 
#squarespace not many days left  iwanna iphone lol /i want a iphone touch lol  but soo many ppl want so chances soo low but who knows!
@richard4481 my iphone updates not working 
ugh iphone 3.0 not installing 
http://tinyurl.com/laoups This doesn't help me because I don't have an iphone yet.  AT&amp;T #iphone #squarespace
3.0 fail...I think iphone activation server is slashdotted 
new iphone os3 today...wish I knew about this earlier 
@PaulPunktastic my iphone wont verify the software 
@ddlovato Where is it? I can't find it on itunes 
@ddlovato Where would we be able to hear it? It's not on itunes 
i wish I had an iphone 
@JasonBradbury I downloaded it and then had to restore my entire ipod afterwards... not happy. 
stupid update for my iphone wont work 
@TheHwicceMan haha  I don't have an iphone either 
Really want an iphone... still cant justify the monthly price 
iphone 3.0 - restored... but now its empty 
every1's getting iphones 
Now I have to wait for the 3.0 jailbreak 
contacting iPhone activation server - and thats as far as I go 
got os3 for the iphone - just can't install it ! activation servers busy 
iphone activation server is dead 
can't install iphone 3.0 cause activation servers are down 
@iLoveApple93 I am  I have to but it grr, I want to just download it for free but I think I will lose my jailbreak??
All this talk about the iphone has me kind of jealous 
did the iphone 3.0 update just break my iphone? my sim card works on my other phones 
i want an iphone 
hates radio stations! I miss my ipod 
@dhiraj86 i need an iphone  i'll put that on my xmas list!
Wtf just happened to my ipod speakers?! They just blew up... 
@JakeSass  buy me one. haha. I want my bluetooth!
@Loveiswar87 I'm not special enough to have them with out giving you an iphone... 
my ipod died. kill me. 
@trackle he already has an iphone.. he's using it to tweet.  what about us who don't have one?
@iphone_dev any dl links for the ipsw? my itunes fails every time it tries to download 
some app already crash in my iphone 
@lugolounge iphone finally authenticated and went through its whole spooky resurrection routine. no difference in the stock app, tho. 
@ijustine thats alright for some to get a huge discount! I want an iphone 
itunes store will not load! 
my ipod is dead. my ipod is deaaaaad. 
@TrustTommy im having issues with the german itunes atm. wont download free apps or anything else 
this tweetdeck app is pretty cool! now why can't i mms ? blaaaah 
the itunes store is making me so sad... all i want is my landscape texting!! 
iphone update, not going well so far 
@charley_baker the upgrade to 3.0 bricked my iphone too. i couldn't even restore it - had to go to the apple store to get it fixed. 
i still want an iphone... 
I guess apple is being hit to hell cause I cant get my #iphone 3.0 download 
I also saw iphone 3.0 update, its nice but I still like palms web os, if only palm had the apps like apple does, 
@johnbron now now, no shit talking the blackberry. I can't afford an iphone, and I cant switch services yet either 
after upgrading to os 3 for my iphone now get itunes unknown error (-4) when trying to download an app, not happy 
@Narfmaster im pissed off with itunes.. cuse its so bogged down!! now how can i update my apps.. 
agh all my songs got deleted on my iphone  i had to update it &gt;:O
@clipperkid747 well that makes me feel better although I only have an ipod touch. I don't have an iphone, so i figured maybe that was it 
@ddlovato i can't find you'll new single on itunes  its really sad
ugh im going to cry. i have to erase my ipod and sync it up to my laptop 
Iphone/Ipod activation servers bite the dust. If u haven't updated already, it will be tomorrow          http://tinyurl.com/ldzju5
damn apple servers are being hammered by iphone os 3.0 downloaders! i can't even connect! 
@daniellerenee07 i'm sure there are tutorials out there.  i'd help but i won't get my new iphone until friday 
@princetim so how you been babes? dont tell me you completely abandoned the zune for the ipod 
wants to go work out but cant w/o an ipod and cant use an ipod with a busted ear drum 
it sucks that the new iphone 3gs wont be able to send mms till late summer! 
@Pizard actually i can't.   that's only on the new iphone 3GS
gr, iphone upgrade wiped my data 
stupid itunes keeps crashing so i can't update my iphone  guess i'll have to wait!
@rocklandusa i love the iphone..but they just got the mms capability.  that was my biggest peeve..up until now, and now this haha 
Backing up your iphone cannot be more boring and annoying!!! 
liking the iphone 3.0 stuff except her iphone is definitely slower now 
The new upgrade for the iphone messed my iphone up!! it dont work any more 
@Yoohoojin no iphone icons in browser 
trying to upload new software to my iphone. 
aww the 3.0 for the ipod touch dont have voice control 
disabled the images in my iPhone safari. But it also disabled all soft buttons. Now I can't post anything in forums. fml. 
anyone know why changing tracks doesn't work with streaming stereo bluetooth in  iphone 3.0 software.  the sound part works as does pause 
without an iphone till friday... 
Really want to upgrade to 3.0 but just going to have to wait for the jailbreak. 
chingdoooooooooooooooo mi ipod  ....
I thought Tmobile allowed upgrades every 11 months, but now it's every 22months 
@sara_redhead i updated my phone and it wiped out my wifi, i dont have that icon but i DO have an app. with apple store tomorrow. 3.0= 
i lost my ipod and my phone!! fml 
@gummibalu awesome! I really want an iphone but stuck with verizon 
i want an iphone.but i don't want at&amp;t. 
My iphone hella freezes 
@jasminedesiree ya you mite be right. i want a iphone so bad but i hate that there making me wait to upgrade. 
oh shit!!! updating my iphone bypassed the jailbreak and now it wont work  
@ritsuka415 yeah thats how i used the iphone... but now i have no phone 
so frustrated. ofcourse my iphone completely freaks out when i try to update. no more phone for me tonight 
has no fone and is lonely 
still cant update to os 3.0 on my ipod touch cause im not at home 
@NubianQueenZee   did u decide btw the bb and the iphone?
tweet deck for iphone/touch ftw. but i still love twitterfon 
@teemus how were you able to get iphone os 3.0 it still says not available in indian store ...apple sucks 
iphone got unhacked!!  but i got the neeew version! its superweird to have my phone all manufactured again.. hahah oh well &lt;3
Not to impressed with iphone 3.0 
wishing I had the video on my iphone 
trying to win myself an ipod shuffle.... doing badly 
@joshuamck iphone on optus would be ~$20 more/month than what I currently pay...its a hard sell 
My iPhone cant find me 
can't decide what will make him happier.. pre or iphone 4gs!!!!!!!!   
can't decide what will make him happier.. pre or iphone 3gs!!!!!!!!   
@kbx81 but the ipod touch didn't change much...not noticing many changes... 
trying to restore my iphone...i have NO contacts, or anything  hopefully i can get all my ish back!
i want an iphone but i have sprint 
my iphone is dead. what happened? 
screen gone on my iphone again  this will be my 4th one in less than 6 months, not sure if it was 3.0 that did it
@Riyaleh i don't have an iphone  and idk what that blank tweet is supposed to mean....
#squarephone i want iphone 3gs! 
updating my nokia 5800 xpressmusic firmware. think i'll just connect phone 2 pc daily. am iffy w/  touch screen, affects my typing speed 
@timROGERS Waiting for a jailbreak to come out! 
I want my iphone back so I can upgrade 2 3.0 
reinstalling the new iphone update. erased all my memory 
Aww tired going to bes have to wake up early  and anyone hows ur new iphones or 3.0 software
Heading to boston, I lost my ipod  I'm seriously upset
os3 working great on my itouch gen 1, but I miss out on many features cos I bought early  (no sound, no bluetooth etc)
when is the jailbreak for itouch 2g 3.0 coming out 
disappointed that dictionary  .com app crashes with #os3 update 
@ben upgraded 1st gen iPhone to 3.0 - activation ruined and can't activate in itunes. restored - still not act. even old xsim doesnt work 
Has anybody been able to sync there desktop #tweetdeck to their iphone app?  It won't do it for me 
i want.... a iphone 
wishing i was in ibiza 
have switched to #tweetdeck on the iphone.  i like the columns and the interface &amp; the syncing.  no trends or nearby though 
You are giving 30 iphone gift cards #squarespace , cant give me just 1 
itunes is still borked 
I sure wish I knew where my ipod is I miss it so much  http://myloc.me/4hkB
What the hell happened to all my tsl on my ipod  i only have a few songs
@LelephantRose i needed that. which blogs are you looking at? im also trying to wait very patiently for my iphone  its being held host ...
iphone 3.0 taking aaaaages. 
Doesn't have her gameboy 
craving the iphone 3gs, my xperia x1 is getting kinda ancient 
argh!! i lost my ipod touch 
first safari crash on iphone 3.0. that didn't take long 
I'm fed up waiting for the new 3.0 #jailbreak 
all my tweets have #squarespace and i still haven't won an iphone 
@jasonpicon never happened to me before because i dont have an iphone  #squarespace
My iphone froze...again! So many issues with it. I am not happy 
iphone is back... not really as different as I thought it would be.  
I want my jailbreak back 
@eris404   RIP classic ipod
has to redo my whole ipod 
I lost my ipod 
#iphone is working with #vista now. and yes...#apple sux. it seems to be that my #powerbook is outdated. not enough #usb power 
have you guys heard about the new iphone? not fair!! I still can't send pix from mine 
ipod touch os 3.0 still wont let you sync with google calendar  i could have sworn i read that somewhere
@accyroy I don't know what to do!  It's cheaper to buy the iphone on pay and go and get a simplicity sim ... for unlimited texts!
bricked my iphone trying to upgrade to 3.0 
just unjailbroke my #iphone. when's the pineapple going to show up? 
i want the new iphone sooooo bad. 
the new iphone software has completely messed up my itunes 
stupid audio books not going to my iphone when i download them off itunes 
witt my earphones for my ipod just broke 
Just semi happy with my new #android phone. No tethering support, neither through bluetooth or usb is seriously stupid 
@joojoojoofast you can't  that's the one thing i miss about pc itunes. You'll have to dl a converter.
this is me not winning an iphone from #squarespace 
my mom just got her blackberry in the mail. it pisses me off since i have to wait till september to get my iphone! 
can't sync my itouch, it's not nice. 
@mponed i keep listenin 2...its not on itunes 
is annoyed about the number of minor and major bugs plaguing his iphone apps after upgrading to os 3 
ahhh i cant find my ipod! 
Everyone has the new iphone os and I want it  #squarespace
soooooooooooo who is waking up early to get the iphone.  bf just informed me that i am 
pfff, still waiting for the 3.0 jailbreak. tired. 
havn a phonegasm. they got a new auto-tune APPLICATION comin' for iphones  wat about eternity godamn lol .
@iphone_dev The silly numbers explain the silly posts 
the new iphone is basically already sold out 
Some iphone apps is not behaving right on the new 3.0. I need to search for updates. 
i really need a new ipod  i can't fit all my music onto my ipod nano.
Why don't I win an iphone  bleh #squarespace
I hate itunes ..... i can't get any app for mine iphone... 
I wish my ipod wasnt dead  i need musiiiiiiic
@MsMarmitelover had no access to internet and was tweeting by text!  need an iphone. sorry I missed you!
left my ipod at @rosieswhimsy's. i'm in trouble 
dropped her ipod in the ocean and now it's dead  she thinks.
@dalylab is this for the app on the iphone? i cant find anything about number of tweets  i see on/off buttons but nothing about numbers
i can't find my ipod cord. 
@ddlovato i already tweeted this once but i'm coming! what is your new single called? i looked on itunes and youtube and couldn't find it 
@xrayvenx did the iphone 3gs sell out before you could get one? 
@IrishLad585 thanks! there will be one used for the @thisisrobthomas iphone application. unfortunately, i don't have an iphone 
I'm mad that chip won't buy me a dsi.  I bought him a fucking xbox 360 ten days after we started dating. I deserve a gameboy!
at the apple store because my iphone broke while trying to install the new update 
My maid just ruined my ipod.. she like.. burned it or something.. it has this ungly looking stain on the screen.. 
My maid just ruined my ipod.. she like.. burned it or something.. it has this ugly looking stain on the screen.. 
Just updated his Iphone to Ver. 3.0 and is now wishing he hadn't 
@pixel8ted nah, this ipod is a couple of years old.  battery is going as well. need a new one. ;)
hmm - &quot;there was an error updating your iphone&quot; 
@lotusli so many apps , and getting bery confused 
@kiss_of_depth YAY iphones...I don't have one  
@sophiekeeling it's my igoogle! lol it's a twitter gadget and it allows me to 'tweet' hehehe yeah fb gadgets suck!  dont work on my pc! 
@naters2500 i think everytime you tweet for me, you spell something wrong, updating my iphone, no longer jailbroke 
Trying to figure out what my itunes username and password is so I can load my ipod--its been so long since I've used it 
ok iPhone finally activated.... laggy :/ I hope it smooths out... 2 restarts and did not help 
My iphone broke 
has anyone got any push notifications yet on iphone 3.0.....none for me yet 
I want an ipod 
so now I'm waiting for it to finish syncing to see how much damage has been done. 
my ipod touch died  .... where's the darn charger?...
Upgraded to 3.0, and missing the jailbreak already 
When is mms going to be released. The firmware is awesome but not fully complete 
Ugh my apps dont work on my iphone since I updated 
also need a new mac..and a new ipod too..how have I managed to break 3 laptops LOL...awww 
@NickFogarty omgash finally 3 has come on board with iphone! but i've already moved to optus 
i miss my itunes 
ahhh my mom is being annoyingg with her new iphone., 
yay - tethered my iphone (pity this mini9's bluetooth crashes tho) - wonder what o2 is charging me for this 
ipod reset 
I tryed to get me a iPhone ....................  did'nt work  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr     
Going to sleep, but my ipod is dead and i can't listen to music.. 
@gutjahr and one iphone is dead 
oh goodmorning 5am. it's time for work and i have the new sirius xm iphone app to thanks for that 
my ipods almost full 
still waiting for iphone in korea confirmation! 
i dont think i would pass as a demo girl for nokia phones.. im not tall enough and pretty enough.. 
Iphone has a newer version today!  NOT FAIR! iphone 3g enough for me now? #iphone
@icicle_halo  would love to have an iphone but sadly not  thanks anyway!
@icicle_halo_  would love to have an iphone but sadly not  thanks anyway!
 devstateddd, my silly iphone deleted all my jailbreak stuff  thats 25 apps !
@Giggles1242 @maxine_c its a friends phone..a wee sony ericsson and its so cute! But im gona b too cut off from the world. 
my wife got the new iphone 3g s and she wont swap. 
Still a shame that i cannot sync my iphone wireless/wifi with my mac 
 bluetooth still doesn't work on iphone 3.0. pile of knob sackage!
my iphone didn't come with a mini shamwow 
http://twitpic.com/7so9d - my samsung was silver. and worked properly. i miss it  i paid $99 for it 
when will there be a #spotify app for #iphone 
@davymac no, I managed to break it but it wouldn;t accept chip, then catastrophe when it was accidentally itunes updated, now comp locked 
@hilarybilary28 failed to mention that the headphone thing that happened to your ipod happened to mine, too 
i want an iphone.... period! 
- iPhone 3gs in hand... updating it with all my crap 
Doing everything from my iPhone; emailing etc is not tht bad, just takes a little longer to send th email, still miss internet though 
I really want an iphone, but I can't afford it right now 
i want my iphone 
the stupid sidekick can't get free ringtones. *sigh* i want my iphone back. 
@johnnie_O waiting 4 @sierrafriend to come back frm tahoe. we're going together to get our iphones. my cell died  yesterday. im phoneless 
ive had my fone for less than 3 weeks and the slide out keyboard has already stopped working!! i miss my old fone 
@iphone_dev we're all waiting for you to give us an update just so yall know... 
i retract my damning of palm, as my work wifi has the ports needed for the app catalog blocked apparently. i fail at the interwebz 
so many people with 3g iphones that they want to sell me! maybe i should limit it to white iphones? i don't even know how much 
@Chrismorris528 my iphone has fallen into water and now it's dead! 
Pissed my usb cable is bad i cnt download anything to my ipod 
@Raptiles Waiting for an update too... The iphone is just a sad device without it's jailbreak ! 
twitter app for my iphone has been broken for a week.  iphone updated, no change.  
Oh how I wish I could be some the people that got the iphone3gS but saddly I'm not  have fun with ur new iPhone's !
@GoGlady_dot_com I know  I hate iphone too lol
oh verizon, why won't you offer the iphone 
everyone talking bout thier new iphone!! 
@squarespace This my last tweet to you.  I would LOVE to win an iphone but my luck hasn't been the best here lately. #squarespace
I really really really really want a nokia n97 but not up 4 upgrade till november 
ipod  went dead  so now i have to wait til i get home 2 charge it!!!!
@mldina ahhhh!!! No one has approved my app yet  hollywoodbound@gmail.com I already emailed eric but I wanna start now!!!
damn, #jailbreak for #iphone 3.0 is out and my battery is on low power  have to recharge first.....
my ipod touch says I can only have 100 refreshes per hour 
@saliqmander I want a new iphone 
@iphone_dev does not work! 
@adamrainey awesome! yay for iphone ... ipod for me 
@jonnybgood1992 Actually I haven't. I can't type on my iphone keyboard while driving. 
@teamworks its lets me download but it wont let me extract the songs to my itunes  and its in german
Does anyone have a link for a custom iPhone 2g ipsw, unlocked, activated with cydia installed? I have no mac 
i feel so empty without my fone!!!! 
 has got no phone fr cupla days so facebook me (inbox) gt no laptop only ifone wf no sim x
@itsjenknee lol no I still want a sidekick I'd probably end up breaking the iphone too fast 
My iphone is dead  not johnson
I guess people are getting all worked up about the new iphone bc they've never had one before and they don't know any better 
#trackle i dont have my ipod with me  daaang #trackle #trackle
I'm lodged between the blackberry bold and the #iphone 3gS  ofcourse.
so i just got an iphone a few months ago and today apple decided to release a new one with video recording in it!  just my luck!
imagine my disappointment when, after refreshing iphone dev-blog for 2 days solid, they release it...but only for osx  failed.
is now a member of the iphone club.  goodbye bbm 
iPhone is broken  keyboard wont pop-up.  cant reply to texts! 
I didn't work...  So... I'm still waiting for QuickPWN tools... This'll heal my iphone..
@jacvanek so nice. i can't tweet from my iphone 
iPhone upgrade survived...lost data during jailbreak   internet tethering works     http://twitpic.com/7uh0t
I want an iphone now too 
@micaheljcaboose well once i get a 3.0 jailbroken ipsw... il do it 
@Hollyconda who texts?! Psh! Bbm fo life! Except I want an iphone 
@armsracer emoji pro its in th app store haha gotta pay for it 
does anyone know how to upload apps to your ipod touch?  mine wont work 
still wondering who stole my iphone and wallet 
@uberpat   was it the jailbreak?
i got foundation on my itouch 
DAYUM! left my camera usb in R.I.C..no picz til wed. when i get bck  i might luck up tho
@nomysteryleft damn, sidekick fail!  can't wait 4 iphone!!
lame, i forgot to leave out the signature authorization, so I have to wait until monday for my new iphone 
argh, my fone doesnt have internet !  
damn i want an iphone 3G S too 
@iphone_dev s + f + click pwnapple doesn't do anything 
Pulling what little hair I got due to the new 3.0 iphone os. 
@melbritt_xo No, i am on Ipod Touch  NO iphone for me 
Still in traffic...no froyo 
Begged the apple store people to let me in today (new iphone bull... psh...) and got a real expensive new plug for my computer. 
I wish behold would have the application capability the iphone has 
Ugh! Its going to take $150 to replace the ipod 
@Lilimich not avilable on the canadian itunes 
waiting for ipod to be charged before I go to beddies. 
need a mac system to jail break my iphone. 
is wondering if anyone knows why her itunes store won't work? All she wants to do is update her ipod 
no more exams! yay now where's my iphone 3gs 
i want an iphone!! 
FMOB the mrs has forgot my ipod, no sun &amp; now music 
wishing i had an iphone 
@ijustine maybe you can help  how do i restart my ipod if i dont remember my password. and itunes wont open it because my passcode 
iphone 3g s is worth it, even at full price 
@Smilez2o9 LOL I don't have an iphone  I want one though they are awesome!!!!!
@iphone_dev still waiting for QuickPWN for windows 
Mmmf there is no app for iphone. 
@__o_0__ yes, but my iphone crashes after the jaikbreak  now i have the original firmware on it (sorry, my englisch is not so good)
lost my ipod 
itunes won't activate 3G after jailbreak 
so tired - ipod didnt turn off so now the battery is dead. nooo 
i dnt like the bolt on things for iphone 
why does my ipod hate me so 
  i want a 120gb harddrive, or a 37 inch tv, or a new guitar.  anyonefeeling generous?  =p   x
Neither does my itunes  x
try to install 3.0 on iphone ... but doesn't run smooth 
Why hasn't my iphone shipped yet!! 
@aaroninyork ..... uhhh like never cuz i cldnt sleep  i played with my ipod
why is airport wifi not free? 
Oh btw if anyone here feels like giving me some iphone tech assistance... all my twitter apps crash on startup  #localgovcamp
my internect is not working fine, how do i tweet to win #squarespace iphone 
Oh yeah, iPhone 3.0 supports 25 calendars now instead of just 5. But the google sync website isn't working so I can't add more 
How do I delete some of the apps that automatically come with the iphone? 
Yay! after much hacking/googling I finally have my fave sms tone back on my iphone -too bad its a few hrs of my life I'll never get back 
i tried to fix my ipod and it didn't work  r.i.p ipod, you were good while you lasted.
going to the apple store and see if they can reset my rather dead iphone... no V3 for me yet 
@bowwow614 it doesn't let me watch it off my iphone 
damn if i open cydia on my ipod 1th gen it crash ! 
@juliejarvis cant believe you didnt reply...i really am sorry about the ipod honest 
i wish i could get the iphone 3gs 
@aweekes yes. I got the new app and the new os and it's been acting up.  and it sucks cuz I like twitterena.
ever tried eating an apple iphone? it doesn't taste like an apple 
@greggrunberg Now I want an iphone. I'm a coupon clipper type person. I'm always looking to save money. But, iphones are expensive. 
sometimes my shuffle on itunes is so dookie 
@justinlevy the app makers are the responsible and they nead to update ther products app. We have to wait for them... 
@aalaap iphone 3gs is a sour grape for me.. 
@iphone_dev wen will quickpwn be done?????? 
@iphone_dev they have no avatars 
nope i can on my ipod but i got that tooken away 
Ugh...my zune still doesn't work. 
that reminds me of how much I miss my classic and how much I hate myself for replacing it with a touch  (not saying I hate my itouch)
@hyperchicka18 what's #squarespace ? i don't have at&amp;t so i wouldn't be able to use the iphone 
Does anyone also know how to get that home button thing in the ipod settings app working. I have it on ipod but it never works  
@WillFed1976 nope i can on my ipod but i got that tooken away 
why isn't twitter so fast on my psp? 
I really want a garmin device but can't afford to buy one 
Tmobile, fuck you and the battery life on ze G1 
Wants an iphone 
just purchased iphone S ... but I have to wait for it to be delivered... 
I f-ed up my iphone and now I'm scared of making it worse in my attempts to fix it. 
@spaz white screen would make a great flashlight app. Too bad I'd rather tweet. 
  #squarespace #trackle  no apple iphone card for us  maybe tomorrow! I guess it helps if you tweet it huh?  We forgot 
I wish i had a working ipod player 
@wtcc i wish iphone would be on verizon 
i tweeted too soon...my iphone/itunes have gone back to their previous state of not cooperating with each other 
great, my stupid iphone doest work! 
why cant i tether my iphone to my mac via bluetooth, it wont connect! 
why cant i tether my iphone to my mac via bluetooth, it wont connect!  omg http://tinyurl.com/lvadb4
Almost dropped my iphone screen first on tile!!! 
ugh..every song on my itunes is so sad!! 
@ELGINDOTCOM sorry the pics didnt come out right  my stupid iphone was shaky....
@saurik built in iphone search can't find apps hidden or put into categories 
@briancrapo I switched to Tmo... better service, better price.... miss my iphone 
trying to get free itunes redeem codes, likewise its not working... 
i want the new iphone 
I have just decided that I'm going to start calling the. wii the 'wii-wii'. I wish I had a wiiwii 
hmm.. 16gb iphone is not big enough 
i think i lost my ipod... 
My ipod is dying   i think im going to cry.
@daciamelia i wish i could! Its not on my ipod 
@badmacktuck just sold a macbook battery on ebay, mate. bad timing 
I left my iphone charger in the restaurant... 
no fair i want an iphone 
iphone apple/at&amp;t ppl stinks.. been waiting 40 hours for my new phone to activate.. 
my barny stickers on my ipod are starting to get messed up... 
@NomBradNom i lost my ipod 
my ipod crashed 
i totes can't get the iphone 3g MMS hack to work 
@Dravor thanks for that. not sure how permanent the sim swap change will make. also the link you gave is for iphone 3G, i have an old 2G. 
they need to hurry up and help this poor pc user  I need my iphone
According to @deeluvv I hardly twitter...and it's true .  Because I don't have fancy phones like the iphone 
Just listen ipod  I need a vacation...
says its either iphone or some sony ericsson phone. gahhhhh. spoiled for choice.  http://plurk.com/p/12mk3e
anyone else struggling to jailbreak iphone 3.0? it seems like cydia apps are causing some issues 
my facebook app on my iphone has the 1 unread icon, but nothing is there 
The jb itself isnt buggy, tho many jailbroken apps have not been ported, particularly mobilesubstrate ones. Like backgrouder.  @jima6636
I still do not have my iphone 
Already looked for the myspace app on my ipod 3x since i deleted it 45 minutes ago  wow thats pathetic and sad
@thomcochrane: sir! did u know that 3.0 iphone softwre removed cydia in my iphone?  how will i get cydia back :'(
@halsDM have u heard about peter facinelli's iphone application? cool stuff! but it's not for free 
has to use my crappy little ipod tomorrow 
@GregoryCollins i got iphone having trouble setting up email on it only got it friday 
syncing my iphone up to itunes is a damn chore that takes to long for some reason, im going to let her run while i sleep 
in shock that I lost ANOTHER iphone. 
@ubertwitter what gives??!!  my new tweets on .75 weren't ringing &amp; on .78 the keyboard won't go away!! gotta try a new app i guess 
@ubertwiter what gives??!! my new tweets on .75 weren't ringing &amp; on .78 the keyboard won't go away!! gotta try a new app i guess 
I want to jailbreak my #iphone3gs 
why all of the sudden can i not use my iphone 3g without a sim? all i did was plug it into itunes to try to get 3.0 and now it's useless! 
Having such a hard time staying connected to the internet!! So I can't update my iphone 
@Dorden It was shit! No free wifi wtf 
i pre-ordered my new iphone but it won't come in until july 13!! i'm totally bummed 
My ipod won't restore 
Uploading ringtones with matt :] thenn going out 
@SamGuevara  why ? will u stil have ur ipod ?
No podcast listening this weekuntil my new headphones arrive  Would rather suck if it turned out my mp3 player was broke aswell...
@aral You had your new iphone 3G S stolen?? 
Wants the new iphone 3gs, but cant have one 
@Lynhthy lol I like me 8900 but I miss my iphone... 
I would love an ipod touch but the 32 gb model is waaay too expensive 
@drunkelephant If only I had a great drunk story but alas! No iphone for me    ((((((((
I delted all the music off my iphone by mistake  taken me ages to get it all back, still missing loads too
I am jealous. I want to get an iphone just to play foursquare 
4145 tweets containing #trackle - @trackle don't you love @uberduck enough to give him an iphone? 
@GeorgeDvorsky me neither, want an iphone sooo bad too 
just purchased the $9.95 update for the ipod touch on itunes but im scared to install it cuz ill lose ALL of my music! what a world 
ipod touch has been stolen by chloe 
i look forward to winning an iphone from #squarespace so I can get ride of my tracfone with no txt 
i want my iphone back 
Just woke up, I wish I had an iphone  but first I must get a webcam :p &lt;3
Has lost her ipod dammit 
 my fone is dead
I wish I had an iphone 
Iphone 3.0 is UNLOCKED!!!!  I wanna go home NOW!!! 
@HEAVYsan the videos won't play on my iphone 
@feral9er ridiculous! aren't we the most loyal customers who bought the iphone when it was $500?? we should get the best treatment. 
ok, so now I want a blackberry..... I'm gonna miss my touchscreen phones though 
@isobelhealy also, no iphone for me just an ipod touch.  also no fb at work just twitter.  damn the man/hap.
is rate bored, I want to go back on the xbox but mum has nickd the modem 
trying to charge my ipod but its not working  x
@rayleneornelas nicee, i would be too but i didnt bring my ipod  lol
i would love to have a iphone to bad i cant buy it.  
my ipod has forgot how to shuffle 
@ripdev do you guys now when you will have a 3.0 compatible installer app for mac. my wifi does not work, can not install ultrasn0w. 
back from oklahoma, going to mollys now(: i miss my iphone  im still stuck with my old phone 
So, AT&amp;T is taking the iphone upgrade to 3.0 as an opportunity to cut off data access for all pay-as-you-go iphones.  
Just dl google talk on my phine since my love is getting the new iphone and won't have bbm anymore 
the new iPhone is arriving in 7-10 days  thats wayy to long! i need you!
@htc that's great, but: 1)black model? The g1 looked pretty cool black. 2)why are U.S. carriers always late to the game on your phones? 
I crashed my itouch airplane 
@GuyKawasaki the #alltop links do not work correctly on iphone. 
darn my ipod died 
@lunarknightmare WTF you lost an ipod?! that blows. you can borrow mine when you get back to merced lol, except its all cracked 
@guillermop very cool cant wait to see it... we are still waiting for itunes for tweetphoto  iphone app.  
@FunkyFantastic thx luv he can't send via text either iphone lol 
has locked his iphone! 
uhh my iphones broken! 
@SirMikeyB its not on my ipod 
Your application, TomeRaider 4 1.0, is requiring unexpected additional time for review.   #iphone  
trying to unlock iphone 3g ... only 3G working 
aww mann, my i-pod ear phones just bummed out. damm u apple!!! 
my ipod stuffed up !!! why!!!!!! :@:@:@ :@ 
dunno if i should go on a next-g cap or telstra pre paid with an outright iphone  decisions decisions...
arghhhh, i dunno where my ipod is 
I'm still waiting for my iphone 3G S  
@pieceofthepie jailbreaking my fone killed it 
Ever since recent evernote and iphone updates, having synching problems with evernote on my iphone. 
I want a iphone or blackberry!! and a new ipod, because my ipod is doesn't work 
I want an iphone 
@SimplyShiq I like mine too  but I'm thinking the g2 will be better than the iphone once again when it comes out
Needs to find his ipod i think the couch has eated it 
@Carm823 that's such a pissoff!! I can't get the iphone or an android!!  looks like a palm pre fo me!
Turns out i need to buy an iphone so i can play the mass effect game 
i want twitter on my fone 
I miss using my iphone 
@yannionline I wonder who directed, there's definitely an ipod commercial in their future. 
@UxSoup not sure.. but you do gotta counter the blackberry offering... iphone would make sense  *back to work*
iHadith http://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftware?id=310518230&amp;mt=8 broke into top 100 reference apps as well 
http://download.live.com/?sku=messenger It comes in the live bundle of apps. 
iPhone gold rush...get in now!  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/05/fashion/05iphone.html?pagewanted=1&amp;_r=1&amp;em
Listening to music from the iphone with this http://www.griffintechnology.com/products/aircurve so awesomeeee! 
@froxyn iphones are awesome  ianything is pretty awesome, actually!
@poisonfruitloop I remember downloading the demo on xmas eve 1996 
@sgfwarnaars well there's an iphone app for Things: http://is.gd/1pOY have you try it yet? i don't own an iphone yet, 
Decided iphone it will be  next- xbox?
new @mashable iphone app in the appstore now... big fan  http://tinyurl.com/dyr6dh
itunes is the best 
@tyme and quite an app it is. 
downloading apps for my ipod touch  all the free ones are crap tho! &amp; i aint paying for none either lol x
yes! i just got wifi to work on my iphone  lol
I think twitter would be more intriguing if I had an iphone 
Is on my ipod using this new twitter app! It's really handy 
updating my ipod yet again. 
figuring out how to get a twitter app on my iphone. 
just playing psp .. 
8am and im already starting btw, should i sell my ipod &amp;cellphone to buy an iphone? i need ideas please 
@jam3s what @williamtm said, i currently have 1G iphone and im waiting for 3G to update 
@gventuri iphone's virtual keyboard is awful and gets worse when you type in other language. But I still like it! 
@trent_reznor next to a wallpaper and music of course, now I have more ninlove on my iphone... the nin iphone app rocks!!! 
@anothersadsong I just had to do some very creative track skipping on my ipod, but it worked! It DOES segue well! 
is considering a first gen iphone (as suggested by kathy), or one of those nokia Nseries phone... anything that has wifi haha! 
@dpreacher I threw away the cowon's earphones the day I got it, as I do with all earphones supplied with ipods, iphones, nokias, etc. 
@michaeldlilly i thought an iphone could do anything. There has to be an app for that. 
@JayGee101 ahhh i wish i could but i dont think i will be in their good books,,taking my iphone though 
And am sick of relying on my aged mobile. I need an iphone 
installing a wii and a beamer 
@Zgradis naw itunes rawks, u just need a mac 
first post from twitterrific app on my imac! what a brilliant app  tomorrow back to a'dam to get my pillow!
@DanielMiller89 touch or keyboard?  I prefer the E71, but I'm fond of Nokias.
Yay i now have the twitter app on my ipod 
@neerajarora had a terrible experience with airtel in 01, switched to vodafone then. Not going back there 
@jeanette_kc I'm loving your purchases chick!! iPhones are todays new bf! I love mine 
@xyling did you get an iphone then? hehe 
@joebendesigns i just put it on my iphone. it'll do until the dvd comes out!  
@fedgrub how could i forget i remember you putting it into your ipod haha and it came up on like every dayy 
@starss_182 how's iphone going? I guarantee you'll b on it for hours. I can't put my new toy down....my blackberry that is!!  x
@claudecf agreed. we are working on an iphone optimized experience and integrating in twitter iphone apps for tweetphoto 
out around town with my macbook pro...i love unprotected wifi networks 
@shaprepenr bring your ipod/iphone/whatever the hell you use. We'll have epic techno music today then 
ipod and bbm 
@CandyMaize @HAMMER32 @androidtomato i'll be on Iphone. Pls try keep the convo PG rated!  its still 6pm here 
@AndreaMaree haha you really are getting onto the iphone arent you! hope I see many more twitters from you 
with friedlin and is playing with her fone secretivily 
how pr works: tnx 2 @mashable review on iphone twittr apps. decided 2 load tweetie. apple shuld send em percentage of that $2.99. 
just played bowling on the nintendo wii...and i beat my family 
playin' with my new iphone! 
@toothpaster mmmm ... too slow on iphone ... (still tossing btw bb and iphone right now) ... annoy them 
@Wildchickendew muhahaha you've joined the tweet cult... lol heya  btw twitterific is a good iphone app i use
just cos i dont have an ipod touch yet - doesn't mean i can't look at some apps! they're sooo cool.  twittering in school? awesome! 
yeah fffff.at lab coming up with super duper iphone real scratching app  http://fffff.at/spinning-vinyl-ipod-app
the free fillin' app on my ipod is fun, im addicted 
just got up and updated my ipod 
@perivision btw - downloaded iphone 3.0 sdk 
downloading apps for my iphone 
is installing the Iphone and Ipod touch sdk 2.2.1 ... 
@tshein the iphone 
@vrowhani nope - just playing with one  i think i'm going to wait for the next iphone
i think i just about have all my info syncing properly between my mac, mobile me, and iphone. yay! finally 
testing out ymtumbkr on my iphone  http://tumblr.com/xiy1qycvc
@davidchua i think they only play psp and pokemons. 
@j4mes_c ive sorted it now operating system and all apps are on a seperate 60gb drive 
@superpixel that was the last one for a while  I  need to clean out the place... BTW, can I interest you in a Bluetooth mouse 
@iamjonathancook fyi it is cool to call an ipod a pod now.  hahaaha
@jokoness  carla has on her ipod 
is going on my ipod now and turningnoff my laptop.. goodnighttt.  haha i wanna use up the 100 letters so hi my name is megan and thats all
@skibbymeow lol i want a brand new iphone! Not one thats been wet 
@ChuckSmith ah @iphone_dev just told me that it got easier to upgrade 
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey everyone! im new to twitter  just got it on my iphone
hey can you guys recommend some cool iphone apps to me  ? thanxxx
hey can you guys recommend some cool iphone apps to me  ? thanxxx
iTunes was released to app developers. You need 8.2 to install iphone os 3.0 beta 5 
@Jennny0601 you're going to be jealous of my new iphone themes 
@mikeanywhere @Fajitasgtr are/or iphone 
i'm charging my ipod. 
i love playing blocked on my ipod touch 
Is tweet testing on iphone. 
@VeexVenom  it jst came on my ipod &amp; i was like :'D
itunes is the greatest thing on earth, through itunes i have been able to download the winning eurovision song.....i feel like a geek 
can any of my follwers b able to help @lucylemon as is struggling to get gwitter on her fone 
just wooooke up ) i think i was sleep txting dolly! bahaha 
yeahh new ipod 
@robbiegelvezon ummm question, (keep in mind I knew about the hotmail and u didnt) I cant put songs onto the iphone care to show me?  
@joshuanguyen thats why i don't wear my ipod on the bus or streets 
@StaceRay i need -or want  the new iphone when it comes out!
@juderoque check out if nokia has a native twitter app so it'll be easier to tweet using your mobile 
found the ipod cord! 
im putting skins on my ipod 
is finally getting into this   anyone have a good iphone app for twitter?
cant wait to get my iphone back on thursday. WOOT!!!!   
best iphone application ever  http://tinyurl.com/dgoggd
i love my new iphone 
ohh #flashback is now on the #iphone I loved that game 
It's really nice, but I can't seem to get used to touchscreens LOL @TheEndAllBeAll  i need -or want  the new iphone... @SloRunnerMom
lovin my ipod touch! 
@pjvandesande The customer is extremely happy. I will update the app this monday, and they will be even happier  I hope so, at least..
@chris_alexander congrats on your huddle mobile app, it looks good 
I am so excited  where is a the singing? #singalongfriday and why do I hate the xfiles theme tune on my iphone
@lolly810 sure if your getting an iphone i might buy your ipod from you  and well done getting it all back. you panic too much ;)
ganna charge my ipod 
? ? ??????? ???? wifi, ???????? ????? ? ????? 
@nahtashah i actually took all those pics with my iphone. haha.  &lt;3
@SurtaX make an iphone app! 
@Nabbiee put your ipod/itunes on shuffle and tweet the first song that comes up as a prediction of your day 
AHHH!  i just splurged and bought an ipod touch for $175. not bad, not bad at all :]
@wynlim wow it took a year? Looks pretty good on my crappy nokia screen 
@cavalcadegames I still embrace wacom more than apple 
Enjoying my ipod  
Ahhh paeanoid just come on shuffle on my ipod 
i love october sky lol, my itunes has been on shuffle and some of the songs, :| randomness 
iPhone pic of the day: http://yfrog.com/7gs7mj ...gotta love those lines. 
@katrina_helene That's my ringtone. 
i've got my ipod back  megaaaa
@samfaag okay when lets plan so i can put the date in my iphone 
i think theres an app for this one too. im really gonna have to go app shopping 
@michivaldivia you sure... the iphone is pretty freak'n awesome!  
doesn't want an iphone anymore  i'll settle for a telecom samsung xt!!!
ibiza we're coming 
Oh and how cool it would be to get the iphone working as a nextel?? They just have to add that little button on the side I guess 
i sleep better when gaga is singingg to me throughh muh ipod. 
@ayyoangela sry i'm not replying.my iPhone is backing up right now so yeah..but if u restore it then it'll be fine. just back it up first 
@sweetdreamer I love the iphone too :p lol 
if I die while I'm on a walk and I have my ipod...just know I died happy. 
watching ugly betty on itunes  i cannot revise anymoree itss too dull
Just got my ipod, aww the joy! 
chilling with the ipod on shuffle, and dim simz 
