Most common words for this cluster:
[('ipod', 880), ('touch', 182), ('iphone', 38), ('music', 35), ('i', 35), ('songs', 34), ('home', 32), ('today', 31), ('na', 25), ('computer', 25), ('day', 21), ('time', 19)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'iPod', 0.9876386523246765), (u'IPod', 0.8428686261177063), (u'Ipod', 0.8223477602005005), (u'iPods', 0.8009082674980164), (u'MP3_player', 0.792431652545929), (u'i_Pod', 0.7573866248130798), (u'mp3_player', 0.7538357377052307), (u'ipod', 0.7431175708770752), (u'iPod_shuffle', 0.7346567511558533), (u'iPod_Nano', 0.73199063539505)]





Anybody know where my iPod went? 
wants her iPod. 
Still having problems with the iPod   Disk is storing data out of order &amp; I keep getting a disk error...my entire life in music...
dropped my long suffering ipod, 5 years or so of original Ipod mini, but now he's a gonner! 
NIN iPod app looks sick, hope it's free  don't betray me Trent!
@queenzita  then why do they have these stupid little pictures on my iPod I can add to text if no one can see them
Something is wrong. I killed my iPod touch in seven hours. 
twittering on my iPod touch cuz my computer is not working 
My oldest little sister just woke up from her nap and she wants my iPod. 
Oh Delicious Library, you make it so hard to find my model of iPod... 
WTF. It sounds like there is a bug in my iPod. It's making a clicking noise and it won't stop. 
All re movies got deleted off my iPod! they aren't on my compy anymore either 
Wow finally got the iPod touch working!!! Yay me!!! Missin my boo 
Oops! Just bricked my iRiver H10 during a firmware upgrade...definitely time to get an iPod now! 
I need someone to help me break my iPod addiction. It's not normal to listen to music as much as I do. I can do nothing without it. 
Going to die tomorrow because of lack of iPod. 
I need my iPod fixed. 
Bought an iPod Nano in LA last summer and now thinking should have bought different... keep running out of room 
had her iPod playing so loud that her ears hurt now 
Who knows any good music to download to my iPod? My current music is getting boring 
whyyy do allll country songs about dads make me cryy?  Never putting my mum's iPod on random ever again omg.
iPod--please work. i need you 
I'm thinking about making an appearance at the pool after my iPod charges. Massive amounts of benadryl will be required. Allergies suck. 
No I went on it at school I use my iPod for twitter and such. Because my computer has a virus and won't turn on. 
@Rachealblack110 My mum is hogging the computer, I'm on my iPod 
MY PINK iPod has no power  I must make him loading xDDDDD
iPod earbuds get so dirty 
 Turned down for a job I really wanted and now my Ipod has frozen. 
I had to restore my Ipod. Of course I hadn't saved all the music on my computer 
my iPod only has 27GB worth of free space.. 
@officialTila you can't view it from an iPod 
@officialtila the video doesn't work for iPod apparently 
I forgot my iPod, no morning music today on the train 
@officialTila this one can't be viewed from iPods either 
why does this always happen? my computer isnt reading my IPod any more 
tweaking from my iPod  tired from school have to wake up early tommorow 
Agh stupid iPod batt is dying 
Woke up with a headache so bad that it's painful to even look at the screen on my iPod Touch. 
@AliciaWag At this point it looks like Im going to take a couple of days, delete everything, wipe the iPod, and start over. 
DAMMIT - My iPod earphones just broke. Now my left ear can't hear anything 
I dropped one of my iPod earphones in a glass of water 
iPod earphones are fucked. 
@ToxicMelvin I am really slow! And I can't talk while jogging since I need to catch my breath  What is a Nike+ Kit for iPod?
I am now iPod-less   The commute is going to be a little less interesting now...
STILL doesnt understand twitter. but its kay cause i have the iPod app   help anyone? 
My iPod crashes viewing imob 
@kruton9000 Ah I would get smacktalk, but I don't have a mic for my iPod  It looks funny!
My iPod seems to be a bit gebrochen  Do I get some kind of prize for killing my birthday present the day before the event?
iPod touch just fell down on the street. Ouch. 
@DavidArchie i've been thinking of cook all day.  what was on your iPod?
My computer broke...but now it is fixed. Lost all of my bookmarks, and had to reset my iPod. I have another 80GB but it cost $300 
What the hell is wrong with my iPod/iTunes converter.....its not connecting  No music tonight
Trying to fix iPod. It froze. 
i lost my iPod and now im a lostie  and as if harrold or rove didnt win the gold logie how shitty
UGGHhhhh this is why i never update iTunes or my iPod  i just want the freedom to play minesweeper anywhere!!
The metro is so boring without an iPod 
i hate when my iPod knows how im feeling  ... sad songs come on when you dont necessarily want them to &gt;
is meant to be leaving now, but forgot to charge her iPod 
i can't find my iPod.  this is turning out to be a very bad day.
I miss my iPod. 
Btw, no more random comments about Jordan and his iPod.  last class I have with him.
Just ordered a vinyl iPod case online. IT'S MADONNA&lt;3 there was no @britneyspears ones 
I'm in the mood for some hardcore Hip Hop but I don't have any of that on my iPod 
@twebbstack oh I'm on my iPod. It shows his old one 
 Wish the iPod had copy/paste
Cant find my iPod charger 
cannot find a decent tutorial on soldering an iPod touch. Very dissapointing. 
Mau bebersih iPod tapi gak tau mana yang mau dihapus. Ah the pain of having small storage iPod. 
Sitting out on the front steps with my iPod and writing. This weather reminds me of mountain climbing...i miss it 
marks this day with sadness ang regret--my first and only iPod is officially missing. 
I can't find my iPod 
Old (1st gen.) iPod no longer holds a decent charge 
@Ashleeey25 I can't. I am on my iPod. 
Found my iPod Shuffle and made a new playlist. Now I need to figure out how to fall asleep before midnight. Any ideas?  Stress = insomnia.
@ChrissieFerrer Nah... had an iPod Touch but it got flogged on the weekend 
We didn't win   But we got an iPod Touch and a little ProTools setup.
I need to find the control to my Ipod speaker things. 
Why oh why did I leave my iPod earphones at home. 
My iPod crashes my iTunes that crashes my iPod 
I wish I had my iPod with me.  Why did I leave it in the states?    - http://tweet.sg
@sinebriation I can dig it. I've been trying to bench myself forever. Shit makes my tired.  I still want my iPod!!!!!!
FInally bought a silicon case for my iPod.My laziness to buy one caused a lot of scratches on my iPod. 
Yes the blackberry finally restarted offically twitting from the iPod from now on, hate not having buttons tho 
I hope my iPod is somewhere at Alex's house, if not then it was probably stolen 
I've left my iPod and headphones at work. And I'm going to swindon for a week tomorrow. Crap crap crap 
I wish we could listen to iPods during church. haha I'm going to hell  this is gonna be a very long next couple of hours 
Someone got a new iPod touch.       It wasn't me though.  
#3turnoffwords Crappy iPod speakers 
Ipod showing 'sad ipod display'  I think it may be dead again. 
Translation: Ahh! most of the music on my iPod i don't recognise! I have to get up early to finish my history  not happy
My thumb hurts...ugh..probably from tweeting or just typing on my iPod in general ..why does technology come with a painful price.. 
My iPod is being gay &amp; doesn't let me open up twitter  wtf Ooh well I'm off to school gahhhhh just 3 mores weeks and schools over .NI ...
Going to the bus stop, iPod froze up on me 
I didn't get to upload my new music to my dam iPod 
My iPod needs more gig-age. 
Ipod on about 2 turn off on my ass....ugghhh I need sum juice...cant work without it 
@dominicalia hehehe...shining new iPod! How exciting! I can't believe I broke my brand new iPod.  my heart aches when I think about it.
darn it lost my iPod wire again grrr 
On my way to the stables, watching a movie on my Ipod at the same time. It's raining 
Trying to listen to my iPod at 20% volume. No trace of sound. I must be deaf! 
Thought it was my headphones that were messed up, turns out it's my iPod 
Updating my iPod... It's taking forever since I haven't done it in a while! 
Cant find my iPod cord  and i REFUSE to purchase another :'(
Ipod touch battery life is impressive - it's been playing since yesterday afternoon, in my pocket 
Josh's iPod broke!  As a fellow iPod user, I am very saddened by this.
damn. i forgot hippo my iPod!!! 
Spending my birthday money on clothes today - although my iPod has broken  dilemma. UFC comes out today, no one will be going out tonight!
Doing nothing in math so I'm listening to my iPod and trying to find a game to play on my iPhone... very unsuccessful so far 
KoL last night sounded just like my iPod. thats a 
Xaver will be replaced with a new iPod!  I`m gunna miss him. 
Note: Do not leave very cold beer next to hair mousse in your purse. The mousse ejected everywhere and killed my iPod 
I believe my iPod may be toward the end of its life cycle. Battery holds 6 hour charge maybe and the pixels are dying. 
@lynellmarie Awww! The video isn't supported by my iPod.  where did you find out about it?
@blairblanco That cody chesnuTT album was wild as shit Headphone masterpiece i dont think he's ever going toput anything else out tho lol 
found 3-5 scratches on his iPod Touch's screen... It's meant to be some reinforced glass that doesn't scratch ever 
wants to listen to musiq soulchild, but it is not on the iPod 
And apparently I misplaced my iPod, the 30 gb 
I think my iPod touch may be breaking itself. 
My ancient iPod is nearing death 
The iPod is gonna die and gymnastics isn't over  boo
Sitting here, waiting to go to the gym.....almost left, then realized I never charged my iPod from my trip to Wisconsin....it's dead 
Traded her iPod for my brother`s cellphone. My phone died, e 
@spencerkat a twitter app for the iphone/iPod touch. It's being slow though 
The case for my iPod Touch is literally falling apart.  So junk 
Off to the porn store. I forgot to put Dave in my iPod.  Fail.
only an hour left with my iPod touch 
I scratched my iPod 
@chelseasms it's not sooo noticable it depends on how you look at it...but I know it's there and now my iPod isn't perfect 
@EllabellCullen3 I can't. I'm on my iPod and it doesn't have IM 
@QRock2005 I was in there earlier I'm not at home  I'm ok my iPod!
iPod touch = brick.  
How the fuck do 2833 songs fill an iPod that is supposed to hold 4000? 
Restoring my iPod touch seemed like euthanasia to me. I was willingly killing it. 
I wish i had my iPod , i need some jonas . I miss their sexy voices  JB forever !
oh no! my new iPod Touch isn't working right!! 
Erase and resync iPod Touch? wish I didn't have to! 
Couldn't figure out the iPod hookup on the C Class my brother brought home from work... 
@Mar_sha I didn't know their were games. But I am on the iPod , you can only tweet on this app 
Cant find my sisters iPod......working out is gonna be torture tomorrow. 
And they call it an iPod Nano because that's how long the battery lasts.  
Hungrygowhere app not available for iPod Touch? 
iPod doesn't want me watching Achmed. 
@sparrowsail I know.  I tried to sideload files into the iPod. That's why I love my audiobooks. Play on both iPod and BlackBerry.
can't charge iPod 
Swapping music off the iPod for today's loooooong drive. 8GB is not enough anymore 
@titivate lmao good to hear...it's a bumpy ride I must warn you..I'm about to charge my iPod tho can't talk no mo 
I truly miss my iPod 
Up early today, no toast  never mind. Currently listening to abz playing irritating songs on her iPod touch. Never mind.
help help help .. i had 5-6 podcasts in my iPod, now its all missing- from both the player and laptop ..  where did it go ...
Noooooooooooo!!! I just put my iPod Shuffle through the washing machine!!!! RIP Podlette!!! 
can't find my iPod! 
If I go for a 2-mile run (9-min. mi.) then a 2-mile cool down (15-min. mi.) but forget to turn off my Nike iPod, must I average those in? 
Learned a lot about apple and macbooks last night. Ironicly I'm selling my iPod today. 
Headed to chesapeake bay with the best @phasesoflying and some others @khsollen rocking the family force five too. Forgot my iPod 
missing my ipod - no headphones 
My iPod needs charged 
It going to be a looong ride without my iPod  
I got my fone my iPod and my Comp lifes almost good. Theres just one thing mising,My girlfriend  and I wuld trade evrythng to b with her
Of all the LTC I have on my iPod, I am missing this one.  ? http://blip.fm/~7bmwh
Oh no! Rishi is still sleeping &amp; my iPod is in his backpack! 
@helenboggs  Thanks! I'm hoping to send in my iPod and get it fixed for free; the inside of it got screwed up by a magnet or something 
Heading into the city to buy an iPod cable for my car/get lunch, ugh my tummy hurts 
Fuck. 3am with my iPod full volume trying to drown out the bullshit going on outside my room  ugh I wanna go home 
Have to wait a bit for my walk - charging up my iPod...it was dead 
mad at iTunes right now...downloaded a movie and it didnt sync on to my iPod 
Sitting in dad's garden listening to iPod.  just been the park but discovered were too big go on the seasaw and the climbing frame! 
So im at the wave pool. And my iPod is gone.  it has ALL my pics on it. I hope it was insured.
I need a larger iPod to store all my songs in. I hate picking and choosing songs 
Mr. iPod is sick 
iPod just had a fucking malfunction!! Not good!! 
I'm not happy that I can't watch communitychannel's videos on my iPod. 
It seems that all technology is determined to fuck with me today. Even my iPod is revolting 
@SoutenstyleGT Leaving an iPod in your car is asking for a broken window. Happened to me 
Checked out one of the new iPod Nanos. The touch wheel thingy was extremely buggy and unresponsive, and the screen looked bad. 
One time @lifeofsacrifice accidentally threw my engraved iPod in the trash. 
Texas Hold 'em day!, also I have purchased 2 new apps for the iPod and they doesn't work very well 
I need new clothes  and my iPod back , fml .
I truely hate Ipods. I want a zuneee again. 
@Ruben32  wait when did you get an iPod Touch?!
i need headphone 
if i remembered my $20 i would have my earbuds right now 
sitting in my back yard listening to my iPod and learning those stupid German words 
Twitterfon crashing on iPod touch when I favourite something 
I've lost my dearest Ipod 
@admon09 LOL yea, it sucks but I'll get over it. But iPod is messing up now. 
would be more in love with her iPod touch if it just had a camera, sod the iPhone, I just need that image capturing device 
back to school tomorrow  can't find my iPod either 
@jakuba16 I meant best not beat lol iPod sorry 
Only has 5 GB of space left on his iPod. 
@natalietran oh man, that's a treat, huh? And nat, PLEASE make your videos iPod supported 
Not sure how many people can say that they have washed an iPod, but I can...forgot my nano in my jeans, in the laundry  ...bad luck...
@hellorachael Aww that sucks  iPod Touch 2nd Gen I have :o I had a silver Mini, what's yours?
iPod has been washed and isn't working... ARGH! 
trying to get my iPod to work 
@surlyshirley sorry to disspoint you  honestly, many tweets are typed while stopped, then sent. too busy messing w/iPod while driving ;)
Getting a pedi and they have some horrible tween tv show on the tv.  Wish I had some headphones for my iPod  
Right, iPod is going off now. I have school tomorrow unlike most of you 
Radio sucks! I miss my iPod.  #radiosucks
iPod died this morning after a drop. has been dropped before with no issues. i guess this was the icing on the cake. 
Left my iPod at home. Grrrrreat... What am i supposed to do all night now??? 
got a new iPod nano and spent the weekend trying to figure out how to download music to it...now my husband has my iPod 
@erin_marchand bring my iPod intomy room 
Itunes is a bitch! it deleted all of my musics from my iPod! I miss my musics 
So my computer's hard drive failed and now I am on my mum's iPod... I cannot wait to get my computer fixed 
 I had to get my iPod replaced, and now my karma level is zero... v.v (via #zenjar )
My iPod has gone nuts. I still love it though, the bond between my iPod and I will never be broken. Just wish the buttons would work 
My 2005 iPod Mini is dead.  Where am I going to find retro that?
@thefunkyfairy nope, blackberry.. i don't have an Ipod either, just wanted to download an album.. but if i can't listen to it?? no point! 
@jacvanek was the video of rupert? it didn't work on my iPod 
my iPod was playing all night  no battery today
Someone broke into Travis' car last night (when I say broke into, I mean open the unlocked doors) and stole at least his iPod 
Grrrrrr. iPod still in UPS' hub in Cologne!! 
iPod battery running low 
@rawstatic  I used to be anti-Apple 'til I got gifted a iPod! ::.. One person less in our cause 
All right... looks like the iPhone just got higher on my list of stuff to get... iPod + metal water bottle in gym bag = death to iPod 
What a bummer - just realized that my iPod stopped working! 
hey beauties! im about to leave to go buy a new iPod, i dropped mine  ill be thinking of you all!
Left my iPod at home today, so no #musicmonday for me.  
@fs82 bad news about your iPod  try googling your problem, something might come up ;)
4 hour flight...middle seat...and I forgot my iPod 
@sabrina215 @yikes77 Tks but won't play on my iPod 
My iPod is broken ... Now,How am I goin' 2 listen 2 my music?!!! Awwhh 
Ipod is dead, tired of my mixed cds, the radio is lame... I hate not having good music while driving 
I got a crack in my iPod 
driving home from work w/ no iPod  boo.   x
@Ruben32  sad thing is, i cant imagine life without my iPod.
Downloading songs and putting them on my iPod. I think my dog is dying 
Compiling all my music for my new Ipod...since I lost my old one on my flight back to Miami 
Damn! Car window smashed. iPod Touch stolen.  #sucks
@ryanmeitzler Ditto... but I'm not at home so my iPod's just sitting idle 
is so upset. Someone stole my iPod Touch in art, and brother is in the hospital  my day couldnt get any worser!
Love songs suck when you miss someone. Why do majority of the songs on my iPod have to deal with love? 
@Academystarship dear holly, I miss you.  love, your iPod.
@hello_jodie I don't have an iPod... I have a Zune...avi, mp3 and mp4 files only 
@ZachBaran also has to find an iPod and start playing WoW...and also hang out with Kyle soon 
On the train. I forgot my earphones so I can't listen to iPod  just saw my ex's dad lolololol.
@awenya u didnt do anything lol  I wanted to get that iPod Touch bargain too but couldn't and @jwillock got it instead 
@storycorey WTF skype is stufed up on my iPod touch 
@snow_mani Battery ran out on my iPod. I'm on my old iPod which barely has anythig. And I can't redownload. 
My iPod nano has died 
It's not fair that update to 3.0 for iPod Touch isn't free as it is for iPhone.  If it's over 9 usd I wont pay for it. :\
@sarahsea @jonic Nothing that I play on my iPod gets scrobbled anymore 
I wanna update my blog, but I can't do it from my iPod  and I'm not moving from the garden until my exam,
What am I to do without my beloved IPOD? I feel lost 
my iPods on shuffle. it's like it knows i can't stand to listen to @thecab right now. i feel sad 
At woodfield replacing my iPod. Geez y do these things break 
Things are gonna be hard without an iPod for a while 
In Colorado. [And this stupid small town has like zero WiFi to connect my iPod to....sad   ]
@Yaybren I hate mine!!!  n I want ur iPod XD!!
My life seems so incomplete without my STOLEN iPod. Boo! 
my iPod is officially dead  http://ff.im/3wmcq
Trying out twitted from her iPod touch first gen sadly.  but none the less iPod from. Twitted.co
my iPod touch is freaking out at syncing and charging, no matter the cord or USB. please don't die, little guy. 
I think my iPod just died 
I just woke up to some lovely sun and a cup of tea my iPod won't hold my headphones  and I'm on twitter....ADDICT!!
Something is wrong with my iPod. 
I dropped my iPod while doing the elliptical. It's slightly dented now.. 
Tryna slp n failin miserably LOL rargh  I hate iPod predictive txt ;@
I realllllly miss my iPod...   I have to get a new music player asap!!!
@PushPlayCJ oh man I wish I could listen to it but my computer is broke and I have to use my iPod which doesn't let me listen to it 
I know it's Origin night tonight and I should be a buzz, but I'm kinda not caring so much  gonna go watch Russell on my iPod I think
NOT funny, where is my iPod 
I forgot my fregging iPod at home today! I have an emergency stash of music here at work to get me through but it isn't as good. 
managed to screw up my iPod -_- now to restore it 
Dammit, I left my iPod (and headphones) at home. Waaah. I need my music 
anybody seen my iPod? 
- I feel so naked without my Ipod 
Im dying without my iPod 
I left my iPod on my ohon on all night n now my battery is dyyying.  Car charger... 
My iPod headphones are dying and i dont have money for new ones 
Dammit, I left my iPod (and headphones) at home. Waaah. I need my music 
@WookieeChew I have a 2gen iPod nano... almost full 
@DanielSpracklin Bumms.  I have an iPod Touch 8gig 1gen (w/the upgrade) and it's almost full too. I wanted the 16gig but it was 2 much $
Can someone twitpic the new two pics posted on T&amp;S's site? I can't save them on my iPod and I'm not home 
iPod not working for the past couple days. Finally plugging it in again to see if it will come back to life 
@davidcoethica Its not iPod friendly  Laptop was stolen...
@pluckita  My 2nd generation 16gb iPod when to Apple heaven. Taking all the old skool music with it.
I lost my IPod  Last time I saw it it was in my car. Its not there anymore.
is going to t-ball. I'm starving. Then we I get home-no movies  So, i'll check my internet crap, iPod, txt, &amp; call it a 'nite.
My iPod is dead. 
this is why I have an iPod...but it's not the same 
I'm grounded because I threw my brother's iPod under the lawn mower while he was mowing! 
http://bit.ly/8cE0I  trying out this. Ipod mini doesn't do lyrics on its own 
@toonhead I haven't listened to *all* of it yet. so I'll ahve to get back to you. had a minor issue getting it to the IPod.  all fixed now
I wish I wasn't so tired. I wanna finish this book tonight! But even then, my iPod had no drugs tonight, so it's gonna die on me soon 
really sad that my iPod is at it's capacity 
No I can't find my iPod Shuffle! Now I can't plug in those good sleeping music! 
NEED to find my iPod!!! 
at listeninq to meeh iPod;; wat a boring nd rainy day it was!! 
Tis the season for wrecking my personal belongings? Both my iPod touch &amp; Fender Stratocaster are in for repairs 
even my iPod is going to london without me. 
iPod is playing up while trying to put paolo nutini's album on 
Hey, Twitterific on my Ipod is not co-operating    Why wont you work you technologial piece of crap?!
Something's wrong with my iPod - I can't disable the &quot;Open iTunes when this iPod is attached&quot; setting: &quot;The required disk can't be found&quot; 
@binncheol i didnt convert out of choice, my poor zen died, and i got offered a free iPod. 
just finished a 12 mile run without my iPod 
Downloading music for my iPod via www.utorrent.com its quite good but my laptops dead slow  its annoying :@
i seriously wanna download Sims 3 for my iPod 
still can't find her ipod.  my new favorite toy is missing.
Going running with the club. Wish I remembered to charge my iPod. 
I have officially broken the earbuds that came with my iPod!!  I need new ones!
@nursedoublek i did that,but i what the songs on my Ipod and i can't find them on the net 
@rachelllllll i want an iPhone!!!! all i have is an iPod Nano   but that cover looks so cool!
I am at school studying like a good kid. But I forgot my iPod headphones 
it does no good to have my iPod if I don't have headphones!! this is gonna be a long day at work! 
trying to get my 1.5 year old iPod to sync with iTunes, but apparently the disc cannot be &quot;read from or written to&quot; 
I had to bury my iPod and buy a new one. 
@ThomasGudgeon What does it say? I can't veiw it on my iPod  can you twitpic it please.
not sure why my Ipod doesn't like me playing All aBout the Mouse  apparently it doesn't like the awesomeness...
*sigh* I think I'm gonna have to get a new Ipod... 
I hate it when I forget to charge my iPod.  I don't have any tunes yet on the iPhone.  
I sold a broken iPod to a 9 year old kid for 20$, I'm a very bad person 
has a crippled iPod!! 
Lost my FM Transmitter for my iPod 
Is going to sync his iPod, go for a walk, and pout 
@mindy_monster I'm trying to stay away, my hand has gone all pins and needley  (using the iPod Touch)
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored, yes I had to type all those out, damn iPod 
lost his iPod touch 
Aaand I forgot my iPod  of all things.. It's times like these I'm glad I have music on my phone
I Am soooo bored.... Macky is getting repaired so I have no computer and my iPod had to get restored so now I have no music either.... 
is pissed  She wanted to go out for a smoke but her iPod doesn't work no more and her husband's one is running out of battery 
In my bed listening to my iPod no-ones on bebo though 
is super pissed rigjht now: Jan's iPod isn't working no more 
Funny, this is the same price as my first iPod   http://tr.im/nFu3
Bed timez! I need to listen to by iPod though, it's like a resieme(sp?) I also just realized creepy stalkers can come get me very easily 
@ermadea more music I can't listen to on my iPod 
4 mile walk home. Ipod battery is dead. Fail. 
@FNC when will it be up on podcast? I'm on my iPod touch and I want to see it so bad 
No! My #iPod is all filled up! No more space for music  Damn 35,000 song! haha!
My iPod is missing  I haven't gone more than a few hours without reading and now I'm starting to freak out &gt;:'U
Disappointed about the iPod - was hoping to Rockbox it. 
i can't find my ipod headphones anywhere 
@LesleyWoodPhoto I agree, but I am a BlackBerry Addict, and I am really loving the G1 and already have an iPod touch so...... 
Who do I need to dismember to get Sims 3?  I have it on my Ipod but it's not as fun. 
Is sad, can't find his iPod  his one apple product he could never seem to fault
Morning guys, on my iPod touch because my mum killed the laptop and PC 
battery just about to go on my iPod  guess I'll have ta charge it ay ? 
im thinking i broke my iPod...i plugged it in and it still wont turn on... 
my iPod went nuts yesterday so i had 2 restore it :S and all my play counts were gone coz of the formatting process  i want my counts back
My iPod is gunna die  and I'm using it to make notes (N)
:/ Only have one and a bit screens left on my iPod for apps 
iPod headphones are breaking!!! 
I have reached the point that I have to select a subset of my music collection to be placed on my iPod. Full library sync is no more. 
@DemiLovato4592 super funny! this made me laught, but Im sorry for you  I feel the same thing for my iPod
iPod is flat  Dunno how I'm gonna charge it, cos have to charge it on dad's laptop &amp; I'm at mum's house atm, &amp; I broke the charger for it!
Almost in my state, uncomftorble in this car! Ipod went dead 
@ostephens sadly not that straight forward, tried that but didn't work  Think I'm gonna try doing via iPod using software.
its one of those days where nothing on my iPod seems so fun to listen to 
Tried to install Sims 3 on my iPod and it's bricked it  Now restoring...
iPod failing. Oxygen supply diminishing. 
This is odd.I'm able to get on twitter, facebook, and check email on my iPod but not my laptop. Crazy! 
None of my iPod apps work! 
Forgot my damned iPod, at the mercy of the bar pod all night. No after hours metal for me 
finally down loading my cds to my Ipod. its gona be a long long nite 
Dam I didn't win the iPod Touch giveaway 
downloading music... my sister lend me her mp4... quite useless i'd rather my iPod but i can't use it 
I am laying in my bed right now on my iPod and I can't fall asleep even though I'm as tired as can be 
@Xm4n I have Twilight downloaded in my iPod...so yeah 
Is sad all of her three thousand songs got deleted off my first iPod 
[F word] I don't want to wait for the 3G iPod Touch to come out in September.   I want to get it now, but I'll regret it.............
Has a feeling she left her iPod at the bic on saturday, and its making her feel ill. 
Its now 430 its getting lighter outside the suns coming up&amp;im still not sleeping  listening to the iPod&amp;trying to sleep? Probably not. Lol
is @ maccas using his iPod touch 2 twitted LOL I wanna go home! I jst kno iPods guns run outta battery 
Ouch - iPod speaker/alarm clock system in my Ascent cart went from $340 to $450 - gutted   Was waiting for pay day to buy.
IS @ HOME! YAY! Ipod ran outta battery-  lol
My iPod has no BATTERY :O 
@TKfan27 I'm so sorry I never sent you a vid, I was going to but by computer is broken  only have my iPod and can't send stuff on this xxx
UoL wireless fail: my MacBookPro is still logged on from last week apparently (that's with a 30 minute logon window), so can't use iPod 
has a dead iPod 
@keyinfluencer Music industry blames it on piracy, then the iPod, etc. Their willingness to make DISPOSABLE music is A LOT to do with it 
Okay, finally admitting my iPod is dead.  It can barely last 40 minutes.
Must get myself a new iPod.. But I don't have money for that 
i need a headphone so bad 
@Calabrese666 I know how you feel  my ipod decided to stop working when my computer crashed!! But my iPod fixed it self 
My iPod isn't working!!! 
sill. no Ipod 
I can't find my Ipod. that makes me sad 
Grrr, shit Sony mp3 player isn't playing AIFF files! No music now, that's what you get for trying anything other than iPod 
You just dont know it, its getting hard to say hello. Ipod just went dead 
I always make mistakes on my iPod I shall check my grammer next time 
Just put lines,vines and trying times on my iPod  wish i could meet the jonas brothers!!!! 
@kayce_m it's working okay on the desktop. Just not on the iPod 
my iPod is fucking frozen! 
It's rainning. My iPod just ran out of batteries, I think getting sick.   The Lakers won 
is mourning the death of my iPod. 
Cocks, just realized that my iPod is sat on my desk at work. The light fingered security folk/cleaners will make sure it's safe, right? 
Now I just need Looking For Love on my iPod and TCs sig on my VFC poster. It's getting scratched off of my iPod 
@RockingtheRobin I'm on my iPod Touch 
@bookladysblog Yes, it's driving me crazy. I have one book that I'll probably finish tonight, then I have no idea what to load on my iPod 
awwh  iPod's dying and cant' find my wire &gt;
@briancdexter my iPod is full too. 80GB. I have over 100GB of music in iTunes though... need a bigger iPod... 
Two days ago I spent an hour organizing my apps on my iPod. They're now restoring back to my iPod - in alphabetical order. Sheesh! 
 I just restarted my iPod. I should've written down all my apps first.
I don't Have my laptop anymore.  but instead I'm using this iPod touch that requires tiny fingers which I don't possess. I miss my laptop.
I want an iPod Touch. 
Ipod screen appears to be dead  I guess it didn't like getting squashed in my luggage coming home from melb. Restore doesn't help.
@mwynwood iPod Touch owners have to pay to upgrade 
Just got home and ... I think I LOST my iPod Nano! 
I need earplugs. The television upstairs is on again. Although not as loud as the other night. iPod might have to suffice. 
@alwaysatlukoil Our phone? You mean like my friend's phone? He can't do texts.  I will have iPod Touch, though! Wifi = yay twitter fun! 
@TimebombTiff I haz hacked iPod firmware, doesn't let me watch YouTube stuff 
I think my iPod has gone caput, it won't turn on, even when plugged in. I can't live without my iPod.  #fb
Want my iPod back 
is bummed she has college today and no iPod 
iPod has encountered error 0xE8000075. Seems to happen almost every time I connect it to the development system these days 
@iamjonathancook my iPod touch won't let me watch it    But I'm excited to see it when I can!
I misplaced my iPod,  or it got stolen, most likely the first choice, but one never knows.
Don't think I can do my run today because my iPod is knackered...can't run without music. 
I have a new purple iPod nano.  Yay!  My old iPod can't hold its charge so well anymore. 
I can't wait for my bday, I really need a new iPod, 'cuz the one I have now went broken     I want a pink one &lt;3
Now on park and ride bus back to my car but haven't got my Ipod today 
Forgot my iPod today.   Its going to be a long day without any podcasts..
@propagation0 I've got to use windows to sync my iPod though 
*sigh*  No iPod this AM...  
My dad doesnt want to get me an iTouch/iPod Nano. Can you feel how upset i'm now?!? 
Just spilled some of my sweet sweet coffee on my shirt and noticed a small scratch on the iPod touch screen 
This iPod makes me depressed. Where art thou?  I won't be able to sleep worrying about you.
@MadGerald iPod touch (1/2G) owners will have to pay for 3.0!  #iphone
I forgot to put Emery on my Ipod 
I have too many songs to fit on my iPod. 
Love how I just spent a ton of time deleting songs I never listen to from my iPod and it's still over half full. 
I can't believe my iPod's broken 
Going to the gym with out the iPod, is a very bad idea! 
my iPod won't synchronize the new songs... 
There's a big dent on my chromatic red iPod.. gutted 
My iPod touch is broken  the on/off button doesn't work!
Being boring today...may get my car back but my iPod broke. 
@greyko my iPod is AWOL  Renders me sad and useless much of the time.
@wonderwillow I'll have to look into it. I hate trying to log in to read on my iPod. Keyboards are BOTH too small on it 
Just learned how attached I've been to my iPod after misplacing it today  Hence, I'm on my laptop...Sigh!
I just dowloaded an audiobook for which I have no room on my iPod Touch 
7th night in a row that I'm wide awake and will be for awhile. But this time, no iPod!!!!!  Damn thing died on me earlier...
OMG I got my new iPod classic and printer in the mail today, they are so pretty! I can't actually use them till I get my laptop though... 
@pizpix boo  go hm and dl then sync ur iPod?
i left my lovely iPod at home so cannot listen to music at work  booo
Or any RE game for that matter, still freaked out that my iPod has been missing crazy enough it was on the couch 1 min then gone the next 
only 767 mb of space left on the iPod touch - oh dear. I don't want to pick and choose what songs go on, I want 'em all. 
Feeling sick  AND my iPod's totally dead. I'm going to bed.
so my iPod froze, and i have a 3 hour drive tomorrow 
Just found out via Gazelle.com that my old cell phones &amp; the 2nd Gen iPod Nano that I inherited from my sis are worth a combined $59 
... Hmm well I have some new hillarious photos on my iPod which I can't post 
I want to update the iPod Touch to 3.0 but I'm gonna lose Winterboard  #iphone3.0
eurghh my iPod's gonna die  im gonna have to take my lead to school and plug it in the computer!!
Just dropped the iPod on my faceee... Bounced off the bridge of my nose and hit my eye  best not bruise!
@TweetDeck It crashes on my iPod Touch (fw 2.2.1) 
Sucks! 3.0 update is not free for iPod touch  http://www.apple.com/ipodtouch/softwareupdate.html
What about 3.0 for iPod touch? 
Plugged my Ipod in last night and left until charged. But nobody reminded me to sync my new tunes. 
No sign of the iPod Touch update software yet 
Woke up extra early to update my iPod found out it wasn't ready for downlad 
@wazza12 yes afraid so mate  iPhone users it free and iPod touch users will have to fork out about $10-$15 for it.
iPod very wet 
I wish I had my iPod right nowww 
@cbraun84 like this: http://tinyurl.com/ckf7fz ? all because my iPod shuffle didn't have enough juice 
@markwhiteman been using it for a couple of weeks, it's buggy as hell.  iPod app hangs daily.
@weezereire for iPod Touch users yes 
#haveyouever dropped ur iPod/iPhone and freaked out cuz the start button wont work anymore? [&amp; it cant be turned off - eg my ipod touch] 
iPod broke! Help needed urgently. I don't know where i'd be without it! 
Oh gee, I can't find my iPod cord. 
today is the 17th, the new iPod touch software is suppose to be available, I guess they mean later today 
Tweeting from tweetdeck on iPod... Would be much better on an iPhone though  *sigh* #squarespace maybe?
&quot;This version of the iPod software (2.2.1) is the current version.&quot; 
iPod 3.0 update is down again - looks like the store page was borked 
I'm being told by iTunes that the update for my iPod is available but I can't access the store 
3.0 isn't live yet for iPod touch 2G yet...bad times 
@LMPDJs My computer won't even recognise I've connected my iPod 
@osxdude has iPod 3.0 and I have to pay $10 for it 
Apparently the iPod Touch 2nd Gen has bluetooth!!! And this is unlocked with the 3.0 update?!?!?! I hate having a 1st gen iTouch 
My iPod broke  but then it came back again 
heeey. i'm ~ 25 updates from 1000..... heeey i want to be done with work. my iPod needs to be charged, no more music until i get home 
I can't download the 3.0 iPod/iPhone firmware 
Only 17.5lbs until I get my iPod Touch. Missed my iPod Nano so much. Washed in the washing machine nearly two months ago 
@diogodelgaudio think it costs to upgrade iPod touch 
I am going to reformat my computer, then rip all my CDs as lossless in preparation for my new mighty iPod.  GEEK.  
Wanted to go for a walk/run with my iPod but I forgot to charge it!  
Getting server errors while trying to upgrade my iPod Touch OS to 3.0 
I miss my iPod 
really wants to find her iPod...hopefully it's lost at home..... 
@icewater21 Yeah, that's about it. And for this I paid $9.95 to upgrade to 3.0 on my iPod touch.  
You know what's surprisingly hard to find?  A case for an iPod Touch 1G.  One made specifically for the shape of the 1G.  Mine broke.  
@crucialencountr nope. iPod touch. I am a total poser 
OMG im totaly addicted to shaking my iPod now, no more music for me  well full songs anyways hahaha
Left my laptop downstairs so I would focus on study but hey my iPod goes on re net 
why does the iPod Touch OS 3.0 have to cost $10 
Oooh I just got new songs! Too bad my iPod is brokenish. 
everyones going crazy over the iphone new software being released today! Haha, what about poor lil iPod Touch? 
@TheoHayes LOL I would but my phone is basic... No apps...  my iPod will jus have to do. One day I'll get on ur leavel ;)
@JeffParsons I could not get in through my iPod touch. 
Downloading the new 3.0 update for the iPod Touch ... I'm on one of the fastest connections in Bali and it will still take 4 hours 
@kirkaug I can do, too! Well, whatever my iPod supports 
Taking a guided tour of my iPod Touch, trying to work out why games I downloaded last week no longer open. 
not tired anymore. still mad that i lost my iPod 
@techsassy OK - gonna give it a try on my iPod touch - I gotta pay though!!! 
@iEllie Ah, damn. Wishing my iPod touch had Bluetooth. Why didn't they add it to the first gen in the first place? 
Augh! iPod Touch freezing up trying to apply new update  #tech
Also, can't get the same BT headphones to pair with my iPod. 
Trying os3.0 on iPod touch....Bluetooth won't connect to camera  otherwise good!
@shoelovah deaad the txtin and drivin law goes n effect in july here  i dont see the prob...:veers n2 another lane &amp; changes iPod:
waiting for iPod update to be available in the Indian store 
is having issues with her iPod Touch/wi-fi. 
@gwhizkids except that I have a first generation iPod touch 
I can't get my headset to sync with my iPod 
@samverrill: You do if you have an iPod touch...  But who cares... 3.0 is great.
my iPod touch keeps freezing 
Ughhh The firmware on my iPod touch 2g is out of date can't wait to get home so I can send Steve jobs my my money 
I've been syncing my iPod with my music since I got home and I'm only at K. 
OS 3.0 installed on my iPod Touch losea wifi connection every time on startup. Also weaker signal and WiFinder does not work anymore 
updated his iPod touch without going through app store! It's still not available on the indian app store 
keeps forgetting I have to work tomorrow from 7:30-4  oh well, I will hear DMB in my head all day, and come home to a new iPod touch!
Lost my iPod headphones 
I keep hitting c instead of spacebar. Argh tweeting takes twice as long on the iPod 
@suziemclean I can't give you the link because I'm on my iPod so I can't link stuff  but search #gokeyisadouche and it shd be there.
Just tried pairing my iPod Touch 2G with my Bluetooth headset...it couldn't see it though 
The 3.0 software release is out and my iPod touch is at home 
I finally found iPod headphones that are meant for apple. they're madddd loud. 2 days 
Ha ha, looks like I'm not eating my iPod! Obviously I can love, but no-one loves me...  
3.0 has bricked my iPod touch  t
3.0 has bricked my iPod touch  fuck Apple
Well, now I can download apps, but my iPod is still laggy at turning on. 
just deleted all my bastard songs off my Ipod 
iPod update = fail - No I don't want to restore factory settings 
@gabrieli Did they charge you for iPhone update? They are trying to charge me for iPod Touch update... 
@brooding_soul I'd be having a nervous breakdown if my iPod died. I'm sorry, that really blows. 
all my music doesn't fit on my Ipod  hmm, which album should i delete..? the academy is or honor society? x)
Still haven't managed to get my stuff charged. Close to finishing the iPod Touch now. 
@ianlandsman i agree, i wanted the compass but thats not for iPod Touch 
OS 3 isnt that much different, considering I only have a 1G iPod Touch. 
Walking home...my iPod earphones broke so now I can't listen to JB!!! 
My iPod wont download the update for Pocket God  aka best app ever!!!
I don't think my iPod will make it through the day  I hope it does!
@raamdev ouch.   The iPod Touch upgrade was seamless (and only $9.95)
So if I had waited till today to get my iPod, would it have come with the 3.0 software?  
I have confirmed: classic iPod is dead. 
chewed my iPod cable up in the Dyson  Chipped a nail 
My mommas taking my iPod off me coz I took it to school! 
Youtube app on iPod touch doesn't work since upgrade to 3.0. 
Crying babies, talkative teenagers and lovey dovey couples make Metra rides unbareable! Oh and a dead iPod doesn't help either... 
@flyerist iPhone forbiden in plane, like wireless devices  So you have to Turn your Bluetooth off if you got an iPod...
&quot;The iPod cannot be synced. An unknown error occurred (13019).&quot;  Was it too much to ask for a smooth changeover?
I'm getting irritated, my iPOD is missing 
@moecona Our iPods are both dying aren't they 
iPod feels sluggish since 3.0 update 
@BeckyC3 Aww I was so sure i was right  Ipod
iPod trouble 
Just finished making my CV, get it printed tomorrow in school I reckon, downloading some Tiesto sets for the iPod, I lost them all 
i'm starting to become more depressed...  wut shud i do now?? my iPod is frozen...  all my precious music... frozen...
I updated to OS 3.0 on my iPod Touch. A few apps have stopped working.  http://bit.ly/17nwOf
Still having no luck upgrading my iPod Touch to 3.0 
@brennygee Looks like the twitterverse disagrees with you  I just figured my first iPod was white- I thought I'd be kicking it old school.
@angiece I love chasing pavements.  On my Ipod too actually.  Head heavy   I must be hungry.  Lol
iPod touch 3.0 software update $9.95? Wtf 
Dammit, all my music won't fit on my iPod.  Either I have too much music or the 32gb just isn't enough 
I love my G1 phone, sorry iPhone  you still win for iPod and better battery life, but for everything else.... :/ even with yr new update..
@tencinoir not fair, I have to pay $10 for my iPod Touch to run 3.0 
Got my iPod working again!  After a dunk in some water 
I miss my iPod...life just isn't the same without it 
@bookworm_14 @ginahey  we are looking through Ali's iPod.....
By the way! I can now make phone calls from my iPod except I need a new mic/headset cuz this one eff'd up 
I find it silly that you have to pay for iPod Touch updates, but not for iPhone updates 
Painting was fun despite a few frustrations...but now the iPod charger I got from ebay wont charge my iPod. 
Worried about my friends who had a break-in-- 2 laptops stolen, nothing else. iPod Nano was left on the dining table. Data backed up, but 
And we are bumping mmbop on her iPod! I started clapping bucks style and she didn't get it 
@deebzz lolz i really want my iPod touch back 
No informations about the iPod touch 2G Jailbreak ==&gt; hole is gone. Just wait&amp;see 
@andrewlighten pity they haven't upgraded the iPod Classic firmware...   maybe an iPhone 3GS will come my way...
iPod touch tweetie not loading any tweets from search/trends always &quot;no status found with that ID&quot; 
my 30 gig iPod, aka my old iPod, officially died today, it completeley stopped working   Andie: 2006-2009
ahaha go me getting scared of asking dad about the iPod Touch 
@ColdZero2006 ah ok! iPod touch 3.0 list here - http://tinyurl.com/5msztr iPhone 3.0 list here - http://tinyurl.com/365jq6 shame 
Gutted that my damn iPod won't play the new blackout vid  will have to watch it afterssss
I'm just at school and I'm so tired. I lost my Ipod at home  On the evening again I see my dogs. =D
@thomasmike on my account it also offers to find my iPod Touch, which I actually can't find but it doesn't work 
My &quot;earphones&quot; to my iPod went &quot;broken&quot; AGAIN, I have really bought 10 earphones, they all break, and now I'm not allowed to get new ones 
@jiminthemorning I pulled out my iPod Touch whilst listening to MIley Cyrus before going to a Hardcore rave. Its fair to say i got stick! 
Breakfast time. Where is my food. Also, where are my PJ pants and my iPod 
@the_hit_man I'm on an iPod touch.  
I hope the dealership can fix my iPod today 
Morning. iPod on shuffle, need to do some uni work today  - Shall spread #ff up throughout the day
Just upgraded to OS3 on my iPod Touch; forgot to transfer purchases first though 
Wish my iPod mini still worked - Blacklicious is so damn good, I'd be listenin' to them while copyin' books at work 
My iPod is dying a slow sloooow death 
Iphone question? iPod does not play to my bluetooth? 
I hope @denisepagulayan will really buy me the iPod Touch!! Pleaseee 
Linster's room swallowed my iPod cable. 
The loss of my second iPod this year has had me spending the best part of this avo crawling the walls looking for it. I'm seriously upset 
Ipod was stolen. So bleek  It meant so much to me and I reckon I already hav enough stress n shit with exams. Dropped my fone 2 Fuuuuuck
iPod just stopped working...fml 
@jordanknight I don't think there is an iPod app for that. 
My iPod is dying  nooo! I need the damn charger that doesn't include the computer.
Got the new update for iPod touch and lost the jailbreak. 
@stickypop I'd be able to tell you, if I had an iPhone/iPod Touch... but sadly I don't 
Thus we mourn Ephra J Bones, faithful 30G iPod, lost forever to the depths. @thegeach 
@ChefNathanLippy Darn, I can't get your video to work on my iPod, says YouTube unavailable 
I hate the Ipod Touch Apps.....i always want to buy more...Now I need 16 Gig Ipod touch 
#trackle #squarespace broken iPod 
My iPods' not working.. So uncool 
hope we get a iPod Touch 2G jailbreak today 
No computer,no iPod,no phone.....no camera...y?cuz i'm in a LockDown...goodbye  for one night 
My mom just took my iPod For 5mins to make me clean up doq poop 
@rjman23 waiting for the iPod touch 3.0 jailbreak for pc to come out....itouch4life said it's not gonna be out today 
Is annoyed that he won't be able to jailbreak the 3.0 iPod touch firmware. Should I upgrade or keep jailbroken? 
literally just pulled a fit because my iPod wasn't working.. wow i'm grumpy when i sick 
My iPod Touch is nowhere to be found! 
Alden lost my iPod, and now i'm Depressed. How am I supposed to tell my parents my friend lost it? 
ah! I just choked myself with ipod headphones... not fun 
Worst thing about getting new speakers is u are reminded why u complained bout mp3 sound quality b4 u got an iPod - Rerip everything 
Okay I lied...I'm actually really tired but I can't get off this stupid iPod 
Ok, this is so not funny, I stopped at walmart on the way home tonight 2 get a screen protector for my iPod Touch, get home-empty package 
Just on the iPod nothing to do... 
Grrrr ultrasn0w won't be out til after the weekend  my iPhone is currently just a more expensive iPod Touch. Never mind, won't be long!
iPhone 3G S killed support for my FireWire AC Adapter that came with my 4th gen iPod. How sad 
on my bed, shades closed, lights off, iPod on speakers, volume on max, no one online 
and whoever took our iPod from sound desk at friday's gig can you please post back to Box 9829 Wgtn... 
Guess I'll go to bed now. There's no one to talk to &amp; my iPod is dead  I hate falling asleep without listening to it.
Dropped the iPod and this came up and won't go away even when I plug it in   http://skitch.com/t/uxi
@iphone_dev how about QuickPwn? Is that still coming out? I don't wanna use redsnow because it deletes everything off my iPod 
re-iterates how bad the iPod/iPhone earbuds are, I can't move without them falling out of my ears 
I feel like a murderer, I just restored my iPod, and now it's all naked 
Oh, and he got an iPod touch. Which I've wanted a lot longer than he has. Talk about a depressing day 
Restoring my iPod Touch...3.0 killed it 
@jellyfishsea I'm starting to think it is a sign that I've really got to change my music taste - no it's not -rubbish Ipod. 
ran 10 miles this morning and got lost again... might have lost my 4 year old iPod in the rain too. 
At a photo just waiting. iPod dying 
Jailbreak still ant here for iPod touch 2g 
Just set up my spanking new iPhone.  Now to sell the 16g iPod touch...trouble is that it has a personalized inscription on the back 
just got twitter on my iPod touch. but i dont know how to use it. 
My iPod touch is getting full from all of the apps that I have... 
I'm not enjoying the 3.0 software for iPod touch...  #trackle
I lost my iPod, there goes 8 gigs of my life 
Running jailbroken 3.0 on iPod Touch. Will be recreating my playlists for the next few hours tho 
My iTunes said my iPod is corrupted. Wtf 
Got an iPod touch from joeyy but only to borrow 
@iphone_dev guys is this a bug or is it just with my iPod? Sorry for the bother  http://twitpic.com/7x70e
@roudy4561 I'm on my iPod sorry 
@tysiphonehelp No problems jailbreaking because the damm video won't play on my iPod 
just had to run a Restore on my iPod after uninstalling a jailbreak app.  at least my last backup was last night...
Wow, Apple. Sending my iPod case and keyboard protector before both the iPod and the laptop is just cruel. 
I misplaced my iPod shuffle... All my exboyfriend's music was on it... 
Wants to go to bed so I can get up for 8am tomoz. But computer had froze and I really need to update my Ipod! 
Boooo! Amy's &quot;new&quot; reurbished iPod seems to have arrived dead! 
My iPod us about to die!!!!  oh no!! This isn't a good sign at all! I'm so bored at this jobS daughters thing!!! 
What are your iPod guilty pleasures...I just found sarah mclachlan and sinead o'connor on mine 
@short2thepoint No.    It goes the other way (computer to iPod), but not that way.
I just wish my new iPod would hurry up and get here 
My Powerbook's finally decided that it doesn't have enough power through the USB ports to charge my iPod Touch. 
@johnsee I have really oily skin  Every iPod/iPod Touch I've had has needed to be in a case or it just gets yucky 
arg my iPod charger broke and we don't have any others in flagstaff. 
officially broke.  on he other hand . . .bubblegum octopus' CD is on my iPod. 8P
OMG I'm so upset!! I had to restore my iPod and now I lost all my apps and dont have an account to get them back 
Crapppp, i dont know how to delete songs off an Ipod 
I miss my iPod touch  i hope i won't have to buy 3.0 again~ can i restore my previous iPod backup onto the new one?
WiFi's not working on my iPod. 
@iSpartan24 idk LOL he did the same to me I'm not going to bed yet LOL but my iPod is going dead 
Just listening to my iPod missin the crew 
iPod just  died  I guess going to sleep with great reluctance.
iPod, you iSuck 
Wishing I was typing this on an iPhone 3G and not an iPod touch 
My iPod died  it was washing down the gutter so i fished it out, thought it was all good and now..... its not good
10$ for new iPod firmware!!!! 
@gulpanag ma iPod nano 2day fell frm d 1st floor...bt its stil aliv n kickin...just gt a lil dent... 
Downloading The Ipod touch 3.0 update.  I'm gonna miss my jailbreak 
2 Names said I can't get an iPod ...  
On iPod Touch, revising is gay 
Oh dear.  I totally have a small glass chip on this iPod touch 
@Sherif_129 it's not even got many new features for the iPod touch 
Hard drive crashed, anyone know how to get the pics off my iPod and back on to my computer??? I am going to lose 8000+ pics!!!! 
is trying to add new songs to my iPod, BUT my computer is being such a hassle. 
Okay so by best friend natural force I was convinced  yall slutberries better take an iPod!!
Damn it I forgot to charge my iPod last night 
@swimusicrazed I want an iPod too 
Trying to fix my Ipod dont know what is going on with it 
Has to say goodbye to her iPod 2moro  didn't use it anyway but still...
nothing on fucking tv to watch. i hate not having my fucking iPod or iMac or my god damn fucking phone. im falling the fuck apart. 
@kawaiifvb We'll see, thanks! I seem to have misplaced my iPod and my lappy isn't cooperating very well at the moment. 
@ollieat i did it with 0.7.1 and 0.7.2 and the result is: there is not cydia in my iPod 2g  im frusted
@dvx_uk well I have an iPhone &amp; maybe I might invest in an iPod touch as well soon since my Zen is totally defunct now 
Left my iPod Touch at home, it's thrown out my whole day and I feel like a part of me is missing 
@Annetaki I can't view it on iPod or the iPhone 
i cant find my iPod 
@juanita1030 nah still on the iPod  everytime I try it on my phone it won't let me sign in.
I'm trying to pretend that I DON'T NEED a new iPod until my birthday comes. 
Crap!!! I just broke my $35 headphones from my iPod I need to buy a new one, but I can't spend that money right now 
@Lovethem5678 What?!  iPod's are cool I guess.
Mehhh I'm going to bed even though my iPod hasn't finished charging 
I need a Ipod or an iphone asap someone please help this poor white girl in utah 
@NadiaPariss haha I dnt have an iPhone!!  it's an iPod touch!!
My iPod touch disappeared from my pocket. 
My Ipod is dead  I guess that means it's bed time...
wanna listen to &quot;my girl&quot; but can't cuz I had to restore iPod 
My Ipod is in chinese now 
@impure0purest I just got your email, well the wmail telling me about your direct message, I can't see them on my iPod so I didn't know  w
Does anyone have a spare iPod? 
It's so sad... Just listening to your iPod the whole day 
I can't get to put TwitterFon in my iPod Touch! It was already in my iTunes but it's not in my iPod after I updated it.. arghh 
could barley wake up this morning. I was suppose to go to sleep early but my iPod distracked me 
downloading some new songs but i can't put them onto my iPod until i get my computer back. 
Listening to some sad songs on my iPod, huuu being in love is hard 
Not sure if I'm digging this tweetdeck for my iPod... Eh this shit had me locked out super quick though 
Where the hell did the sun go!  pre-loaded my iPod with films ad music...
Aparently on iPod twitter I've now reached my limit and can't tweet anymore  haha I will find a way!
If I were to get my iPod fixed + a case for it, I would be spending a total of $603.67 to have a working iPod... This is rediculous! 
@ZoeAimee Ahh, that's good. I'm glad! I'm good. Aside from my iPod broke earlier tonight. 
Damnit my iPod is out of battery. How will I survive the train ride home? 
My iPod has died on me  ... someone help me find an apple store near here because the one at the mall is being renovated!
downloading mcfly covers onto my iPod. depressed cuz i have to go through a whole week without twitter 
@tommcfly Has your iPod ever frozen up on you in the middle of a song? Mine has and I was listening to you and it made sad.  Xxx
I wish the iPod touch had a mic 
I'm loving my iPod touch 
just found his iPod! 
good morning internet. my iPod touch might come today  (even if it does, I'm not using it until sunday.)
@samuelisaac on your iPod? me too 
my iPod touch have this tendency to pick Jacky Cheung's songs every time I say Shuffle... 
To all the iPhone and iPod savvy: how do I transfer pictures from those back to my new computer??? Succeeded on the music. 
I got twitter 4 my iPod touch  yaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@MaGestiKLeGenD I've put your music on my iPod. Such good company on my way home 
So happy I finally got a new tape adapter thing so I can listen to my iPod instead of the radio.. 
@richardjaymes YAY! My iPod will be happy later today....  
Must attempt to sleep maintain iPod silence. -not helping @jonnyreed if I make it over border I will send pretty postcard. 
@MsQueenn wow did your iPod break? You haven't posted in hours 
Calculating bus driver time records in my jammies. iPod calculator very useful since I left my 10 key at the office. 
@bobbykruger damn straight toby keith made it into your Ipod!! 
yay, Itunes works!! i've been waiting for ages to get nfg on my Ipod! 
@computergrl123 lol I always play it on my iPod 
Took the leather case off my 80GB iPod Video... feels like a completely different iPod. Content with it's thickness again 
http://twitpic.com/3kbua - Outside. iPod. 60 degree night. 
@designmama (asking for votes on a choice between buying a Wii and an iPod Touch  )
OMG I fixed my iPod! 
i almost melted my headphone 
@trekkerguy haha yes on my iPod touch  alright sounds awesome I will take a look for sure
Showing Mum how to use an iPod Nano. Taking some time 
iPod decided to play Polyphonic Spree's 'It's the Sun' - good choice for today 
twitter on my iPod!!! 
If any of you guys are interested in jailbroken iPhones and iPod touches, I recommend by brand new blog at www.jailbroken.info 
I dropped my iPod in nachos past night...oh well 
I'll surely be envious when my brother will get an iPod Touch because this iPod is so cool 
Got me an iPod Touch. It's soo cool. 
@jewels37 Love a lot of 80's rock...big hair band stuff.  But I am also pretty diverse.  IPOD has most every type on it 
It feels so good to get up early and then realise you can go back to bed and sleep, or go on iPod and tweet 
hummingbird moth is back. iPod is scrobbling again  off to bed, but it's time to KO Sarko. hey that rhymes.
is updating you live from her iPod Touch 
Searching for and downloading new music for my iPod. So far I found 3 sweet songs! 
My iPod touch is broken :'(. At least i still have that one yr warrenty on it.  &lt;:pMARY:p&gt;
 My IPod Touch 2G is jailbroken
@anne_emanuel I am replying on my iPod touch 
Pulling from my iPod again.  ? http://blip.fm/~5ep73
Yaaay iPod twitter 
Using my awesome new iPod 
@bob_calder No, didn't listen to the iPod during graduation, I read an ebook on the iPod during graduation. 
So geeky updating twitted from my iPod 
would love someone's ideas for instrumental or acoustic songs to put on my iPod 
@Hadramie what happen to Zune the so call Ipod killer 
@LizLemonCologne lemme join you! i got my Nike+ Kit for iPod yesterday 
Tweeting from my iPod touch 
I'm tired but still blastin CB in my iPod  time 4 my coffe!! lol
i assuming you got an iPhone or iPod Touch? its the best twitter app everrr! you'll never look back 
(@brydiekennedy) going to download some apps for my iPod getting sick of all the games, minus solitaire it is my love  haha shutup henny
is listening to his iPod, drink orange soda, and txting! Could life be any better! 
Useing qtweeter on my iPod for the first time 
got an Ipod touch 
How do I get a picture on a iPod ? 
@derekleeinkc OK so then I get the silver iPod 
is finding ways to charge her iPod 
Listening to random old songs on my iPod while studying... BIG distraction, but it's kinda fun 
@moonfrye LOL and that's why I use my iPod touch 
Updating my iPod and downloading new songs. 
Trying to save money for an iPod touch! 
Going into town later to get myself a birthday present.  An iPod Touch will do nicely I think 
Starting some work on final year project. Just making some test pieces in flash to see how things could work. Listning to iPod too 
Writing this post on my new iPod Touch! 
Just got a Ipod touch  Downloading apps for it now.
Wooow, I haven't charged my iPod Touch all day today, and it's still ALIVE! That's so coolio 
I am tired of my phone. Walkman works like a charm, but l need better video and wap really. Thanks for yesterday and for buying my album 
trying this out with my sweet lil iPod... I am totally nerding out. and... totally ok with it 
Might buy some iPod apps later, hmmm... 
finally synced iPod 
@hihat7 Go to the setting on the iPod/iPhone home screen &amp; scroll to the bottom &amp; you will find twitterfon settings 
has got a new Ipod  with no music...
finaly made his DIY-iPod charger working! 
@donchad isa I will when I have either an iPod or iPhone 
I'm currently twittering with iPod  ipod
@skitterrusty You know, I actually dread using MobileSafari on my iPod because all the ads return &amp; pages load sooo damned slowwww!!!  heh
You Can Twitter On iPod Touch..? I did not know that dudes....! i'll twitter from there cool..... 
Just got an iPod touch YAY!!! 
@weedoutofthepot an iPod? 
1777 of 9744 items updated on the new iPod 
@jaschroeder It's just okay. Thanks for rubbing it in that I don't have an iPod Touch, though.  
@stephenfry I can't turn my iPod upside down, the accelerometer kicks in 
Installed a twitter app on my iPod touch... playin with it because I cannot sleep! 
@mviloria1 via my iPod touch  but I still wish I had my computer
@Allyfan I don't have the music in my head, I'm listening to their songs on my iPod, love them, the new songs especially... 
Wow!!! I can go on twitwer on my iPod  that's  a point for tecnology  n who says I talk like a freak
@stephencoley commenting here becos the comment field on your blog doesn't seem to work on my iPod. 
Its my day off and I still woke up at 5am. I didn't get out of bed till 10am though. Just turned the iPod on and flipped the pillow over! 
What would be your dream iPhone/iPod Touch application? #dreamapp (my new hashtag  )
@leeye I realized that tweeting on iPod is way more enjoyable than on a desktop. 
@bobwoodcock are they ear bud types? I could do with some new ones for iPod and laptop for traveling etc 
@shirleyCYS yes very cool  someone gets a new iPod XD cool man
Digging some #Hapa music on my new iPod Touch.  Aw yeah.
Listening to The Last Kiss on the iPod...   &quot;ahhhhaaa&quot; 
On my iPod @ my aunts house 
@daveredford Go for the iPod with speakers. It's pricier, but well worth it. Just put on repeat. 
Getting back into the underground loop. And updating my iPod. How productive. 
I love blasting my iPod through my earphones. Ahaha, Idk why, but it makes me happy 
i think i'm just crazy, i'll formating and partitioning my two HDD's on my iMac.....by RemoteTap on my iPod Touch 
I can't believe it my mom waited till I shut down my computer!... Haha I have my iPod touch 
I need to clean my phone it's starting to resemble the iPod Touches in the store. 
@AmeenaS when u get bored tell me  I have 1500 songs on my iPod and add songs everyday
Omg leaf trombone app for iPod touch Is so addictive  http://yfrog.com/14splj
My iPod is now made up with rock pop a little bit of rnb hip hop screamo and metal. I'm so hardcore 
I need a fast tempo and energy for my iPod tracks - gimme track names pls!!! 
My mum has got  S.O.S blaring out of her Ipod speakers. ILY mium 
google is my lover. it helped me fix my iPod. 
I just got me the iPod touch!!! woo hoo!  can't wait to get home and start using it :p
Chance thinks he is soooooo cool cause he knows how to play his iPod on my stereo without my permission?Pompous fatass brat. 
TweetMic sounds like a cool idea.. I'm going to try it on the iPod Touch.. http://tweetmic.com/  waiting for whats next 
@JenniWilloughby Didn't know you had an iPod Touch 
@bekkuh oh. I didn't get a phone yet. it's a iPod. 
this is one hell of a lucky day to me  won an iPod touch and stay extended  
On my iPod  my fat fingers aren't good with the keyboard !
I just Love how over 3/4 of the music on my iPod is mums 80's and that I'm getting up at 5am to do my history 
Updating iPod... downloading new music 
@Shwood - thanks for conformation on the SteamID - I've added you  Recently downloaded all episodes of Scam School for my iPod, keep it up
@pocallaghan twice... just put it on my iPod, now it's the ARL time so radio's on 
@treesiepops ahh, the new iPod telepath. 
@irenerencsi would the queen like an iPod for her birthday? 
Ask : do you always listen your iPod with maximum volume? I do. Esp. on MUSE songs. 
@Hayden_89 what's on your iPod playlist? just curious 
I'm not gonna go to school today. Huge-normus head ache. All I wanna do is curl up with a bottle of advil my iPod and hope to god I live. 
has new iPod headphones 
Seriously loving the shuffle list my iPod is playing. It's the best feeling hearing songs you love after not hearing them in awhile 
@mudandgears @spittingcat No access to pink noise but I've gone for The Specials on the iPod...it's doing the trick! 
@magicswebpage playing with your iPod Touch, no doubt 
I finally got the Audible software to install on my N95! One step closer to replacing my iPod! Trying to simplify my life into one device 
nope no elise but a joe  but I can't write to him cause stupid iPod ahhhhh
jail broke my iPod so I could use themes. now I have an alien theme iPod  with little alien head icons. so awesome.
Got a twitter app for my iPod! 
@myzt nah, I received an iPod nano as going away present. 
I want to see Quentin Mosimann perform his electro stuff live  'Duel-electro' has won pride of place on my iPod 
My Ipod lives again, A quick Vulcan death grip did the trick. 
Wee stop no. 3 but we are making great progress, so it's all good &amp; I'm in charge of iPod music now 
@pickleberries You're right about that - I'm SOO picky about how I have my iTunes library and iPod set up. 
Replaced twitterfon with tweetie on my iPod. I like the additional features 
@silkehartung I play randon on iPod and skip when required. At home usually pick and choose or stream my fave NZ radio via interwebs 
@usumcasane Nope, I have an iPod Touch. 
Is using his iPod touch 
Thanks to all my new twitter friends! I still have these iPod touches to give away! Get me to 25,000 followers and I'll give away all 3 
@djdsf , same here  wouldn't it be cool if this iPod was a transformer? http://twitpic.com/61d27
@JoshuaEdge fuck you. I think its awesome. And clearly thats not all thats on my iPod bitch 
Going for the car's maiden voage! It's pretty and White and jaguar.  *plugs in iPod.* 
@DanWhitley I know, funny! but my iPod always seems to dig up something i haven't heard in forever, with the most appropriate titles. 
Watching VFC videos on my iPod!  &quot;I smell fresh spykid&quot; aww &lt;3 these boys! 
@TheFatBoys I love CDs..I support the artist and buy the album and then I'll burn the songs to my iPod to carry the music around with me. 
I could get used to this iPod touch thing 
@allyXwebb hahaha I was about to study but my hands reached for my iPod instead of my trig book 
@hwakelam Well, if they can have iPod touch = funnest iPod (EVAR!!1!), why not AirPort Extremerer? 
@sillycows I will 'mis' later on. Will try to stay blahhhh during ceremonies. Charging the iPod Touch now. 
