Most common words for this cluster:
[('job', 1327), ('jobs', 87), ('day', 57), ('time', 56), ('lol', 45), ('interview', 43), ('work', 35), ('today', 34), ('http', 30), ('summer', 29), ('amp', 27), ('money', 27)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'job', 0.9123477935791016), (u'BrokeAss_Blog_Need', 0.6877626180648804), (u'daunting_Platoni', 0.6361594200134277), (u'jobs', 0.6180658340454102), (u'Echoed_Stoops_That', 0.5910491943359375), (u'Losing_stinks', 0.5863281488418579), (u'DEAR_WW', 0.5757247805595398), (u'unconditional_Cam_Newton', 0.5663564205169678), (u'Kat_Tarbox', 0.5637310147285461), (u'dadgum_ballgame', 0.562347412109375)]





seriously needs to finish these job applications 
looks like i've missed out on yet another job  someone please employ me! Haha
While I do enjoy my job very much. Its always nicest outside when I'm indoors 
sitting in the school library passing time till I go home. It sucks when you start to not like your job because of your boss 
@rexnebula Congratulations!! I'm glad the job went well for you!!   about the no snacking....perhaps you can get some quality snacking in
judy in disguise reminds me of my old job 
@rotting_orange I'm sorry about your job going away 
Is searching the job boards for new and exciting opportunities and turning up nothing 
@3girlsmom Thanks so much for getting up w/ us.  The lack of sleep causes wrinkles &amp; wt gain.   But love my job!
is fed up with job rejection letters 
So tired of being unemployed.  Last few jobs were so varied in what they wanted...I had experience in all but 1 area, choose someone else 
i love say yes to the dress. since age 10 i wanted to be a bridal consultant. then i realized i had to go to college and get a real job 
packing all day. i move like it's my job 
just woke up, so too late to go to church.  wouldn't it be nice to have a job that didn't require me to work weekends?
@littledotty nope not my job, not heard anything from that nor my assignment results im expecting. just about life really  its poo
I just got a model job. And they thought I was 18. WTF 
is back to looking for a job...this sucks so bad.  
at a road block finding a job 
thinks it's hard to find a summer job that would still allow me to serve at church.  
Not to bad of a job except for the fungus ...ok  
I don't know how much longer I can hold down having two jobs.... This is killing me 
@dymondjenai oooh your always at that mysterious job 
had a massive row with my boss, might now be out of a job 
interview for foundation art tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Needs a job in leeds desperately 
@Vintage_Twit why would it overheat? it's not on all the time, used in evenings mainly apart from job applications. can't be fixed? 
@ckfio awe...    I have one, I just didn't think this job was going to be as big as it has turned out to be, but I have learned my lesson!
I like my job but i don`t like the part where i need to dress in suit   cuz i am sweating like a pig gorrrrrr
Needs a job! 
honey i home! [tampa floria]  hahha... anywho...now that im settled time to look for a job! 
back to college soon  i would rather have a decent job!
My job stresses me out even on my days off. 
@dja812 will let u know as sson as i get my schedule...i have a jobby job 
waiting for the @WestAustralia pic twitterplause. Unfortunately maybe they will take 3months like when answering for my job candidature 
I got a job and now I want to quit it run the shop.  I have to type up a letter tonight. 
lookin for more jobs 
just arrived after driving 90 mile for a job interview...thats going to be fun every morning...  
@V_is_skiving it's teh cinema job plus twelve hr shifts r killing me 
I really wish I didnt have to work a full time job to support my fashion/art 
sending 100's of resumes...for what? There's no jobs 
@bubblegarm i know me too  we will set up our imaginary business together...LOL! do you get any creative input at all in your new job?
I'm now a tad fed up of looking for a decent job ... 
anyone have a job they want to give me....? 
haven't heard anything about the job yet; despairing 
my i pod doesnt have enough space  better start saving my money pft like i have a job
@PiggieBear coz need to wrap up my brunei job 
i hate my job. im going job hunting after work... anything is better than this 
home and sms job hunting!  sigh....most marketing positions are frozen!
Working on my job application and online portfolio... designing for myself is hard work 
Man working 2 jobs sucks! Working 9-1:30 then I work my other job from 2-10:30 
@AnnelieNaes Will probably miss #frankie95 as my job situation feels unstable in this economy.  
@Ubastyyat I also heard about your job, congratulations!! I'm not working right now of course 
is spending my last few days @ purdue then to the real world for a big grl job 
@lizluvsJK I wish I knew about a job. I haven't worked in 3 months, damn economy 
@adlyman haha i like it! you cant tweet in a cheffing job its just not the done thing  im off shopping now then house cleaning day lol
hates that she can't say anything to her boss about breaking nearly every employment law ever written 
is very sore from rock climbing yesterday  and quit her job :]
@Alexandraxox I know right! its going to be september before we get jobs 
Man I hate my job sundays...  super sleeeepy... Its goodnight for me..
just at work, working hard heheh man i wish weekends were longer won $11.00 on lotto not enough to quit my job 
@joeymcintyre wish i could!!!  damn job!! 
Doesn't know what to do when there is nothing to do! It's also no fun not being able to get a job 
@soaps3 OK sounds good, get some sleep tonight. I am applying for jobs, not that I want a job, but I have to have one 
drying hair!work soon  desperately need a new job!
can't sleep... he is too anxious about his new job starting tomorrow and too worried about his best friend who means the world to him. 
@marsherlin ooo, i guess this means she's not accepted!  dude, i might be quitting my job 
@nanashambles not good for my salary 
needs a job  lol
@velvetescape The best job interview in the world has begun.I was hoping I won the subscriber prizes   http://bit.ly/14R88V
@Lollyjay  have you done the jobs?
back to my real job today  That vaca went by way to fast!
really needs to find myself a new job. This day sucks so far! 
@turner89 I work for a Japanese company. I'm a student so I work for only part time but I hate my job   too bad
english final, job interview/training thing, and then .. i guess go home and study  boooo.
Babs- you aren't the only one struggling in the job market!  I was told yesterday I didn't have enough experience to be a companion! 
trying to find a job... beginning to think it's hopeless 
I can't understand somethings why is everything going downhill again i got a damn job i thought that would fix it  guess not Ily tay
ooooooh why do i love my job so much 
So much to do before starting new job tomorrow 
@missnisey i need to be lookin for a job out here too cuz i dont wnt 2 b n the boro 4 the summer 
@drodeh no.... i've quit my job, so im looking for a new one! and a new house.... happy days 
kers means more overtaking and excitement? its doing a good job of breaking up the race for first.  #f1
just came back from work. tired as hell. every bone in my poor body hurts. i hate my job 
Applying for jobs..... 
@christianburke The thing is, I don't have a job...   So I can't pay for insurance &amp; gas.  
My sister lost her job... 
What a long day. Annnnd I really need a new job. 
I have been doing dishes since 3. I have the worst job ever. 
i'm soooo over job hunting  why can't i just in the lotto?????
@kayjer dude!! sorry to hear the job is a major bust 
left school early.. i got a $260 phone bill! i reallyreallyreally need a job 
@fatbellybella I dunno but whatever it is, they did a suckie job. 
Currently I'm wishing I didn't have to wait 3 weeks for this new job to start 
says The Job is done..the bitch is immortal.......causing headache still 
crap... If i get a new job before manifest, how will i get the time off 
wishes the center i am doing my placement at would give me a job 
@cezarmaroti i hope that my odds are better on the job market after pass my course, but i guess that not will be .. 
Does anyone want to give me a job? It occurs to me that if the chemist wanted me they would have replied in the last month... 
@BARBiE_BABiE well im off to college in july so til then workout n get a job 
ARRRGRHRGRHGRHRGRHHHH  why is job hunting so hard. at least i have my own hash tag now ... #hiresweetsofgeorgia
Confession: I often get excited about jobs as I am applying for them. Then I never get called for an interview - quite disappointing. 
He was @ the job centre this morning it was that bad, 
@lynne90 whenever i get a job!! it's taking ages!!  applied for 60 jobs in over 3 weeks!! 
@johnnyminkley Goddammit, I want your job 
I'm banging my head against my desk trying to figure out how to do my job when none of my equipment  is working... 
anyone want to give me a job? would greatly soften the blow of my imminent maths exam failure. booooooo 
I really don't want to settle for a job that doesn't flex my creative muscle but it's looking like that's what it's going to come down to 
soooo sleepy! but cant sleep on the job  oh well..
@InLuvwithJON I need to get me one of those, damnit for not having a job 
@DiaryofM and you are not getting an answer..!!  i thought changing jobs will do it for me but it's not..!!
I went 2 homebase n found that there's a job goin in the warehouse, I picked up a application form 4 stepson, but he's unhappy with it 
Even when I find him a job that he likes which is only 14 hrs a wk, he is still grumpy about it, there is just no pleasin some people 
job-hunting...its hard for fresh grads! 
@zoebakes Yet another thing I can't do b/c of my new job.  Really was hoping to go. 
need to find another job.......dunno where tho   i hate job hunting. its a chore zzz
my head is hurting and i want to sleep. but i cant. i gotta prepare for my job interview. haven't had dinner yet and it's alr 11pm. 
Working 2 jobs is hard work. But it is better then no job. I still have do my weekend chores 
@ChubberCheekers Would if I could... my current job status means it's not even an option right now. I know my wifey wants to go too... 
@sdz i agree! i have an interview tomorrow for a bartending job at bj's! I'm excited, but if i get it no more karoeke for me 
Reallllyyyy hoping I get this tae kwon do job. I want to get my second degree black belt too! Wahhh I miss martial arts so badly 
@jennheartsdavid haha. same heree. but i dont even have a job yet!  lol. wait, is it the one with solo tour dates???
Tired of listening to other people's &quot;problems&quot; of the future.I've got enough of my own and you've more direction than I do!  I want a job
@mzishi i still aint got no &quot;good job way to go natho&quot; yet 
is still on that job hunt with no luck 
so excited about selling the new hair selection @ work starting tuesday i can't sleep  man i love my job come shop @ c &amp; d beauty supply
i need money. i NEED another job. asap. 
i still need to find another job. i'm losing hope 
didnt get a reply. dont think i got the job/ 
@fliegs  Always one of my least favorite parts of the job. 
I am beginning to wish I said no to this week at my temp job. 
seriously, i think i need a part time job  what part time job that would be suitable for a student like me? 
seriously, i think i need a part time job  what job that would be suitable for a student like me? 
feeling restless. I want a job. 
relaxing for job tonight 
if i had a steady good paid job. my life would be so complete im comfortable and happy. and everything is falling into place. cept school 
Trawling the online job ads 
needs to go find a better job - ive had hour-cut backs 
back to the reality of job hunting 
school  I need a job, any ideas?
Ah the joys of job hunting. . . .  . 
I'm feeling drained and exhausted - job hunting during the recession. I've been looking for months 
@restylestari ouww  i tho my superhost restylestari really got dat job !! fuhh.. it is alrite huh! do u want togo there ?
shud i b worried if a job advert has spelling mistakes all over it?? lol this is gonna b a looong job hunt 
Thinks searching for a job is getting beyond a joke now 
@zeldman dude...  I grew up with divorced parents. I don't know you personally, but you seem like you'll do a fine job for her.
needs a job 
just woke up. shower, then taking my piercings out for this job interview 
@Mosunmola im bored  lol i'm just counting down the days i start up at my job again. it will feel so good to get a paycheck finally
Two steps forward, one huge stumble back. No more skating for a while... I wish I had a better job and could afford to do stuff. 
right.  it's 9.20 and i've already applied for the job, and don't really want to do the other stuff i have to do today.  
@shawin well i didnt designed it  lol, i wish google hired me for there logo designs however its just a dream job
How long does it take to tell someone if they've got the job or not - a week and still counting 
Is starting to realize that he has NO job skills pertaining to today's job market. Seven years of working is slowly going down the drain 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy: i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy http://tinyurl.com/pfosp3: i seri.. http://tinyurl.com/r6o7tr
@angelapanagacos yeah true true. I've been applying for jobs..... buut so far nothing 
is sad  cant find a job anywhere
@robgrace let me know by text if you find out about the job - I'm leaving in about 20 mins  x
So I had a dream last night. I  remember a sign which clearly told me where to get a job.  I can't rememer what the sign said.  
now i believe 9-11 was an inside job .. wow .. i was fooled 
As of today, in the job three years. *hangs head in shame* 
So busy iwth this new job, I don't think I'll ever have time to go over and check into my other, more favorable, one. 
Unemployment isn't nearly as cool as being on severance. I want a job again. 
i feel so icky and i still havent heard back from that job yet - eee - bad day 
Seriously considering walking out of my job right now! I don't need this stress 
Sadly google forms is a bit to basic to do the job 
Perennial ...missed it    good job buddy proud of you!
@BlkFridayMusic Haha I always say I'm not going to watch but I end up liking every season. And yeah we're on the same boat about the job 
So happy i've finished my placement, will miss the kids though  ive just called someone about a job too!
my mom doesn't want me to take the knife job 
I have a temp of 102F 
one will be happier doing one's fav jobs, but too bad. 
thinks he may need to start looking for a job sooner rather than later 
@angkay74 Not too bad apart from the fact my husband lost his job yesterday   How are you?
@SidneyKidney  Maybe you can knock some sense into them. If you get the job, how would you be helping them?
waiting for a call about a job... 
@phreshha why did you lose your job  I'm sorry mariaa hope things get better
@che3 just wondering,4 spam support role, did you want only local candidates? just bummed i got denied despite previous spam job at ebay 
Man my unemployment ran out..looking for a job..not having a very good week. I hope I can get a job soon  This economy sucks
haaaaaaaaate shelving books!! worst downfall of this job... puts me in a bad mood. 
Ugh, Why are my saved job applications deleted  I log in &amp; It's gone, Now I have to find hard copy's &amp; re-enter them.
totally just stalked @mannygarcia 's blogtv ... promise im not a creeper  , but good job ! !
I should be asleep and getting rest for my big job interview manana, but here I am printing stuff for it and I'm out of black ink 
up early to work on job applications 
It's a sad economy. Just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. But just a reminder that...
trying to get a sale in my job...  
starting to wonder if I'm going to get this job... came across as though i'd find work elsewhere if needs must... not intentionally 
work suckd.. another closing nite with 30 dollars pockeded..  i need a new job
I hope I get the job so I can have some steady income and start eating well again. All the cheap food is horrible for you 
:O Job interview today, i'm really gonna mess this uuuup 
@harrisongilmore if only that was really my job title 
there are many jobs I aspire to, supervisor is not one of them  talk about too much stress for too little pay
I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I couldn't even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
My job sucks!!! 
@violetph  Gods sake it isn't even your birthday yet  i need a cool job like that.
i'll do follow friday a little later on...i'm busy taking over this lady's job. 
@NeyomFriday I'm here!... Jdubb is @ his funky job...I guess.. We're neglected 
@HeadHardHat I'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  I will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!
@iamdiddy my hubby.  promised job promotion so we didn't move, signed a new lease n they withdrew the promotion...  
needs a job 
@Champion1510 yeah... and neither of them are in huntsville   i would so quit both of my jobs here for one job there.
I work for a man that is so bad at his job that the whole team want to leave, and all believe we would make more money if he wasn't here 
@DevonStebnicki wow, that sounds way more stressful than my job  thought about continuing edu and making a move?
@Zaidah1 i can't listen to music at work  I probably could try, but then i'll have to start hunting for a new job on monday 
ok, I want to quit my job.....   
I don't want to apply for jobs!!!  
@latinamarie She's the ruddy manageress - 2nd bad job from her. I can never find a good place beyond 1 or 2 cuts 
I wish I could get my nails done  stupid job
ugh i need a job but no one is hiring 
@lasherdemon As much as we would love that, it is hard to make ends meet up here ... with the job situations and all... 
...getting our site transferred over to a new server ... this is going to be quite a job  
Not going to graduation, hubby-to-be not feeling well  so instead, doing more job hunting online!
actually, i like almost everything about my job right now. except the part where it's not permanent 
please do not let me get obsessed, whatever or whoever is in charge of my actions  you've been doing such a bad job lately
@SoleneD i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately. 
@narrated it's kool...it's his job i blame 
@chris_shields06 good job!  I wish i worked in a zoo 
I wish I didn't have to work two jobs 
@AwkwardTown I know. I think I'm going to have to miss it, though.  This is when sacrificing money for job happiness sucks ass.
the $60,000 i spent going to college was well spent.  I'm going to meet a man tomorrow in the Toys'R'Us parking lot for a cleaning job. 
@feedmekicks i thought u were trying to get a job. wtf? smh. 
Nuggets are losing it for themselves. Lakers - great job 2nite working together so far... p.s. i still dont like you 
did not get the job next door 
i hate my job well i got to get ready to pick up peter  bye shoprite
 guess i didn't get the job...
@missmaria we need jobs 
i hate my job well i got to get ready to pick up peter  bye shoprite: i hate my job well i got to get ready to.. http://tinyurl.com/ln7k58
bord...seciond job not working out as planed..  
@kjuvi_gurl Helly I wish I was there  Job's suck!
and I hate skinning in maya. painting weights etc... so frustrating  the dirty job of 3D
@DiemBrown omg diem, that sounds like a fabulous job! I wish sometimes that i had a job that required me to travel all around the world 
All that lovely sunshine and I can't  even do any outdoor jobs 
would like to celebrate the sunshine with some hacking in a dimly-lit room, but will probably be filling out job applications instead 
my job fucking sucks. work till noon. 
Finds the hardest job in the world must be trying to clean a pot, having made scrambled eggs 
@misslady1014 girl, i wish!!!  i aint got no job!!!! (ugh, that was the worst grammar EVER!! LOL)
slapping on the sunscreen ready to forget the latest job rejection 
 i hate my job:  i hate my job http://tinyurl.com/n7ff9f
@teddymice sarrryyyy   i need administrative help hmmm are you looking for a job that pays ammm corn flakes?
@peaceluvamber i tried to stop by your job and surprise you to say hi, but you weren't comin in til 8 and it was only 5 
how do you create a friendship without getting emotionally involved? didn't sleep well and stressing about job transportation 
@untoward i would like a hug job 
I feel that my life is spining around with out direction. I have a broken heart and a miserable job, I am over work and under pay 
I'm seriously thinking of quitting my job. I LOVE working there, but I can't stand working with that bitch of a manager anymore. 
More job training learning how to take some people down i miss david 
Getting a feeling this job hunt will never come to a close. 
is filling in at a job where the office smells like poop. 
@JulesOHara i need a job so i can come do things 
No internet access at new job.  I'm sorry for neglecting you all.
this is legit the world's most boring job!!!!! 
@awestlake I know what you mean, i have to start looking for a summe job 
i had a dream that i got my septum pierced. it was exciting. i want a new job that lets me keep my piercings 
is so bored... I need a job or something to do...... 
wishes he could cook more food, theres a good part time chefs job near me 
Aww my first job - smoketree pets closed 
@HarlemSwagga i know my other list of job openings didnt come yet ... still waiting 
someone give me a job 
dammit, i can't apply for the job as an essexfm thunderbird as i havent had my drivers licence for 12months !!!!! aghhhhh 
i hate spending money when its my own. i need a damn job 
will probably be startingmy temp job as amortgage loan processor in a week. i am so excited 
SUMMMMMMMER! finding a job..... 
applying to jobs IS  full time job 
interview went well.. i have the job, its always guaranteed.. but i have to start later 
And oh yeah, still looking for a job.b 
And oh yeah, still looking for a job. 
@bccarlso mom and I just got in a fight, go figure...also I'm still bummed about my whole job situation.  
@jr_smith1 @stephenasmith good job u made very far but it was just the lakers 
man i want to go to paramore tomorrow but i just dont have enough money   no job ftl
@TDLQ @pinkcutie91  unfortunately it is   i'm looking for a better job....i need more money and less stress
i miss my best friend..... can't reach her... she's too busy with her summer job! 
Guess that what happens when you let your job consume you and all you do is work...then when the job is gone...so are your friends 
Job hunting s'ks  . X
@pinkraygunguy  don't envy you that job. Any way you can batch them or use recognition software?
at work again  i so wish i had a job worth being excited about.
apartment hunting is crazy!                      and so is job hunting.. 
(@tappmeister) @drable current job doesn't feel so  - note to self, work for an organisation you believe in &amp; not just one that pays well!
preparing a job interview in french 
I hate this job with every fiber if my being 
I hate this job with every fiber of my being 
@staaceeyy grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr i need a job so i has money to come over whenever 
grmbl, just wasted an hour on filling in my Selor-profile. I can't get that job  It's perfect for me! *sending email*
@dazuleh i want a job at coles 
@limburger2001 haha surprisingly not. All mopped up in time but @tdm911 had to unplug everything and dry it all off!  big job!
need a job in toronto like nowish  hire me?
Man, it was cold out there. forget that outdoors crap... i need a job... i need new stuff... 
is contemplating whether to continue study or finding a job.... decisions - decisions - decisions.... 
outside kitty is missing  maybe he got a job.
@buboxxpanda: no hun i need another job 
@auburnjones want me to call your job? I'm sorry  I'm havin a rough one too our date got delayed and stuff.
@erinherschleman and i aren't co-secretary for junior holy name anymore.  we never did our job anyways. Haha.
okay - so i checked out my internship location...very sketchy! so I have to look for another one  sunnavabitch
it's josh's last day of vacation and then i'll be alone again.   I need a job or something, i guess.
had a dream last night I got 5 runners in my stockings before a job interview...the reality of needing a new job is starting to haunt me 
@srwinters lol,i can try and put something together for later, im doing job apps now 
@bugbox that really sucks  bad parking job?
didn't even get any free vegetables on my first day of pick your own job 
So when am I supposed to get job interviews again?  
@hiyaaax3 no  I wanna cry. They told me no job no comp
I felt the job trial yesterday went well, and the girl said there was no obvious reason not to employ me, but the manager hasn't called 
@shoptilldrop alas no  but job pays well, not well enough! LOL
:: to borrow from @azulskies ... i'm hydrating like it's my damn job up in here. it was a rough 14 this morning, complete with the trots! 
thanks god for overtime cause I can't stand work anymore!  I need a new job 
@djones7774 sounds horrible  I am way too lucky with my job atm! Hopefully it will be nice tomorrow.. Not too hot not too cold!
@UltraBeast22 really im so surprised being that it is a bigger city!! shoot even &quot;SmallBany&quot; has job openings, smh sorry to hear that 
so not ready to go to work or even go to war... war really sux but I guess if the powers that be want it its my job 
: The only thing I hate about my job is that there are NO windows. 
first week without a job!  scary thought!
I feel completely doomed as a historic preservation major in the ability of finding a job in the future. 
wants to catch up with everyone else... I hate being so far behind.  I should have that job too... 
Looking through random job postings; very difficult to get entry-level position. Doesn't make me feel good about graduating soon. 
I should be in atl right now damn job I wish I was rich!!!! 
I need a job!  , rlly now my wallet has nothing =(
@DelanceySeattle I would love to work for you as a server but my boy would have to find a brain related job in your area! 
@momentbymoment1 really sorry to hear about the loss of job  I will keep an eye out for anything for you guys
Writing reports  gawd I hate this part of my job  crai
Trying to make the most of the lovely weather is proving difficult, the job keeps getting in the way! 
@kishorcariappa they just wont let the office boys sit for a while, their job is just to make them run around 
maths homework  .....i dont need to know how to put numbers in acending order for the job i want
is hacked off that he's just found the perfect job that is relevant to his degree but the deadline was 3 weeks ago 
@Dojie lmfao i would, problem tho, i am skint  need a job big style lol
Is still applying for jobs 
Just had some news which means I definitely need to find a perm job  Anyone still hiring these days?
@dannypolicarpo i know but app according to net its so much hotter here  ah well i should be job hunting when i get home not sunbathing
arghhhhh cant find no jobs !! 
on the bus to town to look for a job..  pray for mojooo. x
Blerg, bout to go run some errands then peace out to the job 
the job listings are not giving me hope for the week  anyone hiring?
distraught cuz i have to find a new job 
*sigh* day job email follow ups have climbed to over 100 again 
up early and thinking about continuing the job search today... wish i could just start my summer nanny job nowww!! 
Wish I could get a job with a church full-time. But....I'm too young 
searching monster for work. I need a job asap.... 
@RosyAntoine my job blocked imeem! I'm soo sad 
@Reinaluna awwww well i don't think a new job will cheer you up all that much, unless you're unemployed 
needs to start finding a second job 
I really dislike my job. I really want to quit. It makes me so fucking angry. 
looking for a job online (i lost my job last week)  and  chilling with my two boys and my hubby tersk
@soundofsatori  sucks mang, good luck on finding a new job!
Job hunting again, let's hope this week is far better than last week, only 5 applications sent off last week.  http://bit.ly/LViFc
worst part of anyone's day, finding a job 
@TheMightyFoz you may never get around 2 reading this, but 4 what it's worth, I'm sorry that jerk slandered u. I hope udon't lose ur job. 
@SarahAnnGreen I heard there was a job going at your local sewage works. You still have to work with some shits though 
Another phonecall from tea shop, didn't get job, quite unhappy.... 
@seekerof nothing that i could really turn into a job at this point  idk what i want to do
my job sucks.. 
..That blows. The jobs been filled.  ..Ilovematt..
On the job hunt yo, its crazy out here 
@raisecain if i hadnt had all this job worry id be in england the same time as you + gone to club autonomic with you  BLEH
:  more education job cuts...awesome  http://bit.ly/lAXfX
reading through a stupid job shadowing packet we have to complete next year for senior projects....nooo funnn 
i found out i didn't get the job, immediately went to sleep,and thought it was dream when i woke up. #it'snot 
@director_23j I am not!! I hate the fact that I am going. I wont be able to see matt and i missed out on a job 
..I needs jobs..  ..huh..
is heading out of town for job training... yuck.  It's the part about my job that I hate the most. 
@bipolar_pirate good job texting me 
I wish the economy wld turn around so I cld get a different job 
I love quick Mondays! I hope I can go at least a week without having someone else I know lose their job.  
I didnt get the camp job D: so friggin pissed its not even funny 
if i dont get a job soon im gonna scream!!!! ugh..i havent been without a job in 4 years...so not happy right now 
@Chelseajordan8 I didn't want to leave but had no choice. I can't do two internships, a part time job, and take care of a sick puppy. 
@OnlYdeShanda this orientation thing for a job.. suxx 
@grant78uk  aw better luck next time dude!...what's job do you do now?
@lindseyraye i'm so so, went for a job but didn't get it  back to the drawing board. You done anything nice?
I love the money but I hate my job  1 more year to go, HOPEFULLY!
I love the money but I hate my job  1 more year to go, HOPEFULLY!: I love the money but I hate my job  1 mor.. http://tinyurl.com/n7d6gb
just applied to the most perfect job in the history of jobs...which mean i won't get it.  oh well. cross fingers anyway!
@QuarterQueen 1) sarcasm 2) it is usually my job! 
@ohemgeerachelle  let's go job hunting together!
im off from one job and now im off to my next one. i wish i was rich and didnt have to worry about money. but i have to cuz of my son.   
I really don't miss my job... I just miss my job title.   I know being a stay at home mom is best for the fam, but it's hard to stay 'hot'
trying to be an adult is very difficult when u can't find a job 
@adam234613 i don't even have a job! economy sucks and no one wants to hire me. 
@gillianparis prolly never! no, i mean soon, i hope. i started my 'normal' job again today so god knows when ill enough time 
needs a job very badly... sigh 
I have job applications 
I hate job applications 
@radicalroe What no dream about me?  Pshff...I see how it is   How's the new job going?
I really hate my job..  I'm so sick of hating jobs.
@morgan_johnson @abbiebakerphoto hey, I want in on the mac job! I have yet to find a summer job yet 
i wish this whole finding a job thing could be easier 
@guyfromucla u have two jobs that r unpaid...   
@nomadicryan don't have enough vaca at the new job to double my time 
My job caters to carnivores .... There's never anything I can eat here.  http://myloc.me/2l5f
I don't want to go back to work  I need a job where you get mental health days.
It sucks that I can't access fb from my job 
will probably be startingmy temp job as amortgage loan processor in a week. i am so excited 
...wheres your better half @MyCatIsOnFire? (via @joycecherrier): I read he had a tuff job interview  he drove like a thousand miles 2 it.
@Spikes how can I be an adult, I don't have a job or a car or anything useful 
this job is giving me lots of papercuts 
Training for one job, then orientation for the other right after im done ugh. 
says new job orders na naman  http://plurk.com/p/xt1qm
http://twitpic.com/6gar1 - Just got my hair cut for my job interview tomorrow. I look like a prat.  
I am in desperate need of a job 
Job searching sucks, especially when there are no jobs in your field of qualification 
@jmgolivares GABBE!! Goood job on the dorm!!! I hate that you're leaving, though!! 
@9elumi no congrats on my new job??? 
great now my mum is yellin at me makin me upset bout the fact i have no job she made me cry 
@sgodfrey @helenroper @GlennHalstead A good PM is a human lightning conductor. Job satisfaction is seeing other people enjoying work! 
He was right  Why do we have to make tech bigger and better than old tech that didnt need updating anyway, and doesnt to the job as well?
@nikipaniki Why you feeling down only on your 2nd day of the new job?? 
going down town now to try and find a job!  if anyone has any ideas let me no!
just lost my job  any1 any suggestions? 
One big job left in the garden now...think it'll take a whole weekend to do 
torn between writing and job hunting today  a perfect day for writing yet the faint ticking of the get-a-new-job clock is getting louder..
My run of good luck has now officially ended. I have no job and both computers have died. 
needs a job 
I just calculated:  in the last 6 wks, applied for 38 jobs, got 3 interviews and not one job!!!   #unemployment
heading back to work, left work early yesterday......hoping with gm bankruptcy, i don't lose my job doing roadside 
is on the way to the first job of the day  not enough sleep
I have job, and i don't need money :] ohhh i must go to the shop and next learn some vocabulary.. I'm so lazy.... the weather is so bad 
In desperate need of a new job 
@QueSarahSaraaah no way. can you get a sneaky sneaky picture?? can i visit you at work?? i need a job  when do you go to scotland??
@robertherrera3 i miss u to  im tired of being a normal person with an normal job.
@toyaplus1 oh no toya.  i'm sorry   hopefully he'll let you sleep tonight.  how's your new job going?
my online photo teacher said he saw steve jobs in memphis getting treatment of some kind and looking very ill. 
I've applied for loads of jobs and not had a single interview. It's all very soul destroying 
applying for jobs 
add all that to stress re:my husband's job makes for a fantastic day!  Could REALLY use a starbucks people!
@lepoque lol ;) The job hunt is going ok I guess. 2 diff. interviews and no deal yet 
@sassypackrat omg - what a horrible job that is! I've been there and it's no fun throwing away perfectly good food. 
Fingers crossed my job doesn't run away  X
Applying for a job is not going well at all noone is hiring right now. 
ugh i better get that job. this retail jig is really really getting old 
I dont want to work two jobs anymore... 
@rhitgirl I do feel icky, that is a very good word to describe it  What is your other job, the fire department?
@goalie_dad we're already on a hiring freeze&amp; they had to petition for new hires. I work for the same county now, diff. agency. sad to go 
@mb168 2009 and 2010 have to be the years of the entrepreneur... employment just can't be the place for everyone in this system... 
@josheddy i knowwwwww  girlfriend needs a job! gotta go back for an interview...
It is so nice to finally have a legit job interview.  Now, back to re-applying and working the dead-end job. 
@madison2293 i have to work my butt off at my job 
ugh all these job listings are for managers and beauty specialists. 
:  Missing a free booze cruise offered by the day job so that I can work for $0 for the other job.  That sucks noodles.  
I need a day job or my own business whatever cones first and most likely a day job 
@hardik that's one of the downsides of my job. no stock dealing shealing allowed!!! 
this whole job hunt thing isn't going very well 
grrr i need to find a second job 
gawd - there is not enough of me - just got another after hours job from now to EOFY 
Wow just at home looking for a job  that's what is hard about being a single mom is you have to find a job with benefits 
Mannn @primetime3000 did a good job on our background, but I can only see the whole thing on a large screen. 
I had to wake up too soon  going on a meeting for a maybe job
is actually upset the texas job didnt work out. i was gearing myself up to live down there. 
@verashni http://tinyurl.com/qp3mjd &lt;-- prior article. I agree with you though - the job loss is terrible 
my elbow is all scewif and I still can't find another job 
off to get ready naff off doctors  then job applications eeeek x
@dragonsinger57 @efreeman just reading through the national standards consultation documents and thinking..&quot;What other job could i do?&quot; 
me haz new windowz! Now I'm going to chose new color for my walls... Also I didn'y get job i wanted  So sad it makes me happy. (yup)
Yay for the credit crunch, I'm off to my first appointment with the job centre, guess I really am out of work again 
is wishing the bloody job market looked a bit more promising...only 2 bloody jobs I can apply for today!! 
interview = good... but do i really want a job ??  ughhh no free time here i come if i get it...
my job is making lay offs!? not nowwwwwwww!!!! 
I wasn't nervous about my job before, but I am now. &quot;Hopefully&quot; will know more this afternoon 
Another day, another fruitless job search - ho hum 
will probably be startingmy temp job as amortgage loan processor in a week. i am so excited 
@lumikey salary.  so it doesn't help me. 
@SweetTuffT tia I sent a text out for a job open house...its @ 7 they are hiring on the spot if u need a job 4 summa so I can't see kira 
Job+house remodeling = me no life 
@MsSPAnisHFLY :-D I put myself on punishment till I getta job there will be no clubbin. I've been a bad girll  haha
Someone find me a job. I only have this one for one more week 
@gabebc nice job on @foursquare crunked badge  I only have bender 
Morning everyone. I just lost my job. What now??? 
I'm so going to miss my job 
I need a job like asap ugh! 
considering perhaps picking up a second part-time job. If I can find one, that is. 
the state's proposed buget cuts to mental health could mean job loss for me 
And suddenly the whole process clicks, and you realize just how complicated your job is 
@ktp_convo sounds like a job i got denied for  haha
@bigdaddymerinar  well I'm enjoying just hanging out but my bank account says get a job. I'm applying lots of places, just no interviews! 
finished w/ college next weekend....loookingggggg for a job  deeeath!
has nothing to do beside making power point presentation for her final project. no more class. no job. bored to death. 
Really hope my mrs gets a new job soon! 
@WashDesign and I am working on a very boring job for a faceless bunch of accountants 
why do i always randomly get sick..i need a job with some medical coverage 
up filling in job aplications 
lots of nice things happening on the blog front.... But no offer letter for a job! 
I really need to find a job that keeps me really busy bc I bore very easily  employers give me a twit
My job just official got worse.  at least I have one I guess. 
one of the hardest choices i ever hav 2 make, do i stay and go for the internship, or go home, get a job asap? considering how skint i am 
The job search is really starting to get on my nerves. 
@SeviDesigns I feel for you...could be on the job prowl myself soon too....8 years for me 
@vautrin Job interviews? What happened to the one you said you got a couple of weeks ago? 
submitted more resumes today... part time admin asst jobs are hard to find 
So didnt get the job  also...y does life have 2 b so complicated?
going all around turning in some job apps, wish me luckk 
Trying to keep the stress level down and not doing a very good job. 
Wow... I need a job fast! A real job! And having a 9.4% unemployment rate isn't helping 
given up on the job. they haven't called me... this sucks. 
still hatin me job.. still working all weekend... still not goin to new york 
I wanna be home right about now.... Not at this desk! @officialEPAUL i think it's your job to savvvvve me 
I sooo need a new job.  I haven't been scheduled for like 2 months! Seriously. No joke.   
@katiebabs got nothing to say about job, that sounds bad. Here have some more ramen. (I suck at this  )
I love my job but hate going to work  Haha frowny face.: I love my job but hate going to work  Haha frowny f.. http://tinyurl.com/q2a6mq
@allan1850 i'm a hooker on the weekends. just kidding, my second job is in retail. 
i really dislike working at target. looking for a new crappy job now instead. also, its really lonely and empty in my house this weekend. 
My old co-worker got laid off from her job after 8 yrs. I told her to never stop learning &amp; always add new skills but she didn't listen 
no job  but i do have the bestest bf EVER!
@PattinsonRobT you got a hack job too? aww sorry to hear it 
@Nyxix I discovered that robbing casinos didn't work very well for me; if I hadn't found a job I'd be dead by now. 
Ugh.. Job training sucks 
@TomVMorris that was nice, I am trying to be the fire starter for my boyfriend..trying to find him a job..    Hopefully something soon.
can someone give me a flippin job? just because i have no experience or proven skills and a weird face... 
@tomandsteven LOL good job my hubby of 10 years died in 2001 
have no power for work out today     ,tomorrow I must work-stand up at 5.20a.m and than 24 hours but its a good Job 
@hipattack it probably does then  my bank balance is a fail until tom gets a job. okay... deal
Just got a job at outback again with caleb...bussing 
@DeeOnDreeYah lol u think u can hook me up wit a job or anythin, i aint satisfied wit what i got now   
Oh to have a normal job and have a weekend off  not me...hittin the grind
is waiting for my wife to get home and am helping coach job hunt....not many jobs out there 
@tryptamines schedule's free. no job yet  need to out and hunt for one. how bout you?
#twithelp from @RubyyG: : looking for a job  any ideas? http://tinyurl.com/p7jbge
@LiloBelle I hope it works out for you  I'm living off credit cards until I get another job :S
walking my dog :| i neeeeeed a summer job  did so many applications
@matthewsapien: try a 2 1/2 hour job that cost $105 
job issues 
@_ciaobella_ well 2 start off lol daytime job is werehousing  not the best job but the trade is 3 days off. I use tht 4 anythin &amp; everythg
i have some advice for all you youngins, when u get a job don't be a good worker, they'll just give u more hours 
I dont wanna lose my job 
@AboveStatus i agree...i miss some of the hrsi staff  not the job just a few staff members lol
@mrjonz43 If it were a different economy, i would.  Right now i need a decent job 
I -seriously- need a job. I hate being broke. 
is job great! I got 2 letters saying the jobs been filled, but not by me!! 
i am so tired of my job  poo.
@AmandalovesHBK I understand needing money - been out of work  1 1/2 years , still no job    I need a lottery win!
hate my job 
hate my job : hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/p4s75n
@andrea3thou we do we do...I'm ready when u r...but u have a job now so who knows when you'll b back 
I really need a job. it's depressing. I want some new records god dammit 
is home and school still isn't over. one last final on monday and then i can relax kinda...i'm still on a job hunt 
@bowchicka http://twitpic.com/6kgnv - I've had that job. A few times 
sector 5 is a good laugh.  want a new job  goodnight
At the job bored as hell wish i didnr have to work 
almost 3am. cant sleep. i need a job. 
When will I ever get phones back for this job  it's basically summer.
needs a new job 
wants someone to give her a job so she can emigrate now 
@deejrandom Do you 'work' at eating and watching stuff, because that's all you ever say you do. I wish I had your job 
What I will do to avoid the clean up - need to dump my job  get back to an orderly life 
this might be my last day at this job guys monday I start a new job but still wanna keep this one and work overnite might not happend 
@DExtraordinaire yes  will need to be looking for a job shortly after I get back and making decisions about school
I'l say it once, i'll say it again: i'll be glad to have a job just so I can go back to my normal grooming routine. I miss waxing. 
day #2 of recital!  ...realizing she needs a new job.  but doesn't want to leave dance 
I'm in so much pain from my boob job! 
@jessicawaters sorry abt the job   I've found the door to better opportunities open to us as other doors are closed.
i suck @ my job 2 day 
Trying to find a job its too hard 
Adjusting to a job and a life that has nothing to do with the elderly.  
Ahh, another sunday.  Just mowed the lawn...man's job. lol Now on to more exciting tasks...laundry. lol
@TheAndyKaufman dear god, even the internet tells me to get a job  
Home in the shire, sitting around, sleeping/watchin videos, i need to get a job 
I still need a job! Wow this sucks. 
sitting at work bored as hell....i hate my job : sitting at work bored as hell....i hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/o9zljy
you're a grown-ass man w. a good job, whose elderly, retired, AND ill father pays for your credit card: stop stealing checks from him! 
@jamesforlife give me a job at the ttc? So sick of unemployment 
looking for a suitable job, for my degree...hate being a fresh graduate right now 
time to go to work  i need a new job
@sheenstar omgg we need new jobs... no more abercrappy minimum wage  we need to be famous
@jessdalylol CHEER. haha. trying to get a job.  i got a babysitting gig. idk really. no big plans. going outta state a few timees. wbu?
I hate my job.. horrible day  
I need moneeeeyyyyyyy someone get me a job 
needs to start looking for another job 
@RLBriones i hope i have the best job... cause i hate everything right now 
writting papers is not in my job description... and i cant stop thinking about arthur 
Job search starts tomorrow. .  ugh.
is taking bets on if she will have to be interviewed for her job again!! 
starting to wonder if i should've accepted this job 
HAVE to find a job THIS WEEK.  this is the suck. 
Searching for jobs. 
very dissapointed by grand slam tennis motion plus controls  hoping tiger woods will do a better job
re-imbursments.. i hate doing this bills claims job 
Looking for jobs is really not that much fun right now. But it has to be done. 
Note to self, before buying huge job lots of internet only games, make sure there are still servers running for it.  Another 99p wasted 
has just finished cleaning her house from top to bottom and about to go out and start her cleaning job 
Just had the most painful wax job in a long time... Innn soooo muchhh painnnnn 
@lordmontanablue.. lucky you! enjoy the city... not much new... trying to find a job  .. tattoo is pretty much healed - yay!
@KingJafiJoe *sighs* if that's the case, my job is givin me the business 
job hunting- s'pose its gotta be done 
is still job hunting (or sitting at the computer with job search windows open doing anything but look at them) 
is job hunting with no success! 
 this job blows. *deep breaths clayton*
writing job ads and job descriptions. my goodness this is not fun 
needs to find a better job.  #fb
Needs a third job. 
I have a new home help. She's lovely, &amp; crucially she is very good at her job. It's a shame they work to a rota system. 
wishing i could get a bloody job, no fitness instructor vacancies anywhere. 
@JoshBobClayton awww i hope i get a job otherwise im screwed for the summer  i need money
I'm looking for a job with very little success!! 
i did not go to school only to  wind up at a job where on of my tasks is to make friggin spreadsheets 
at work  i need a new job! anyone hiring?????
@_ElizaClaire_  sounds like you're having a harsh day! job, photo and kids - superwoman is allowed to cry too!
So i need a real job. This subbing is really taking its toll on my sleep habits.  And i  have no $. 
So it just happens to be me looking for new job. One I would actually love longer than few months 
@jaredigital I obviously have not done a very good job of communicating to you since I am not on the list 
back to the day job... 
@anibunny ohh that sucks - I had that once happen to me on a job interview morning 
bridge, shower, job hunt 
@kreativemess job searching in general hon 
I've been at this job fair for almost 2 hrs and I've only seen 3 schools!! 
I really need a job. I also miss my boy. 
Wishing I knew what the heck I was doing wrong. I'm not having any luck landing a full time permanent job with in my school district 
Once upon a time - I didn't get a job because I lacked the education and experience and today I had to remove what I gained on my resume. 
@mustbekel didn't realize you were out of work. sorry.   my job isn't super hard but can be tedious
@rikkrolled not too hard i hope, we have the rest of our lives to work hard, take the summer off!! lol. CVing and job hunting is NOT fun 
ugh... i have a headache from this headset. don't think i like this job 
interview went gud, just not sure the job is rite 4 me 
I am so tired. Even though I have no job, I am still working hard all day. 
thinking if i should share my tattoo design? and looking for a job woop the joy 
I had a job interview today. Now  the waiting begins. 
i wish i had money. i need a job 
@ecaps1 hahah well its done me no good so far!   wish it would.  4 years of hard study to get a boring programming job then redundancy 
@ChiNurse the economy is on all our backs.  I'm sure he has your will and goals which will help him gain employment.
@michaelstrahan so lucky!!!! I hate my job : @michaelstrahan so lucky!!!! I hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/n85jj8
can not believe it has been a month since I graduated and I still don't have a job 
thursday come sooner! job hunting galore 
Is at camp, his job, it is full of religious nuts 
misses having a job i loved and was passionate about 
@renanwho.  and my mom told me i had to get a job because the other person in the accident filed an injury complaint so insurance goes up.
@renanwho, i know. and there is like zero jobs. i wanted to intern at the zoo, but she said i couldnt now. 
a co-worker just quit at my job, more hours for me, oh boy  any interested in being a cahsier?
Congrats on that element job! @ExoticJ . I'm still waiting for those fuckers to email me abt an interview 
job applications suck 
being suspended from my job sucks 
needs a job that makes more than peanuts or just a whole new career.  
filling out job app's....homework still needs 2 be done &amp;&amp; im hungry 
playing mario kart. . . . this is not looking for a job 
don't wanna do no job application. 
Hco sucks i love my job 
#Iremember when i used to like my job... damn recession hate working for a bank now 
jobs suck 
i was signing up for this job and my mom said i should hol' off on it 
I did not get the job  crap
I don't feel too good.  I want to go to bed but I have hw to check. A mothers job is never done.
i cant apply for my dream job...  stupid babys r us
ughh............neeeeedddd job.......... 
Also, desperately crossing fingers for job prospect. As long as bground check goes through, I'm good. I hate my student loans 
@omgzCaitlin I want panera...and a job at borders.  lucky you lol
@nata1337 how's the job search going 
@puggylicious sorry to hear about your job. hard times. 
@NikkiV1986 Aweee hell.  You musta done a job on your knee 
@manda_ohsin lol funny, we do that @ my job.  totally doesn't work, at least for me 
im sad because she just went to sleep  i wish i had a job so i can have a reason to go to sleep
@babyxcakes I dunno but we ended up goin to west moor my old job 
needs a frickin' desk lamp; to swim; a job [desperately]; enjoy summer; &amp; wants the fights to stop already 
@brtlightsphere  about the job situation...check your direct messages...
Too bad I aint made it a priority 2 address my damn hair after all this time I've been speaking of doing it.....results of hate n my job 
@Snoookey i work two jobs now 
@pushxplay this is why I hate my job &gt; weekend work...sorry, COMEE BACKK 
@ameoktavia and @jarfullofstars sorry yaaaaa  job's calling 
advertisements to collate  you know, paper rounds are one job where you cant really call in sick...
blahhh I dunno what scares me more: applying for a job and not getting it, or getting it and having two jobs!  haha
@DeedsPlaysDrums it sucks not having a job and all this free time and not doing anything with it 
job searching   but i found a really neat one at an adoption agency.  i hope i get it!!
graduation still hasn't hit yet...but im so ready to find a job! having a broken phone really doesn't help tho...  
saw a lady begging for a job to our facilities manager 
@teamdustbusta I heard that too  lol fudge... That's why I'm looking for another job lmao
@lisawiseman hello ,book  2 jobs?photographer or assistant? need help,let me know i have no job for a while now 
really wants that job... waiting sucks... 
hopes hubby doesn't lose his job 
still awake at 3:30am .. I really need to find a job.... 
fukin hate when I quote a job and get it and know I was too cheap - like puts a damper on doing it 
should really so something useful today, #iremember when i used to have a job 
should really do something useful today #iremember when i used to have a job 
Is job hunting, finding it very stressful 
man..its a hot day. m still searching for the data entry job.cant seem to find 1 though... 
I know these clothes are supposed to protect but it is far too hot for them  need a colder job
@Kamikazimonk haha what are ya like, sounds good though !! I have lots of books to read this summer - number 1 priority is finding a job 
Looking and hoping for a Job after just been made redundent. 
I need a job so I can afford Rockies Tickets again. 
having her first boring day since she left college. i need a job 
Job hunt going badly agen. No were has any thing going  off to see if I can get a mcjob
liking my new job, missing staying up later tho 
@danslily cheers (again) for that - have just sent my cv / covering letter; this job huntin is getting a bore 
stomach virus has been going around my job last week so that may xpln it....i want my mommy 
just rang each of the 32 shops that he had numbers for with absolutely no luck in getting anywhere towards a job... not good 
why does my job hate me? actually why do they love me and schedule me so much? 10-5  I'm miserable already.
might have to be in a long-distance-relationship(as opposed to non-distance) a month longer than she had hoped to be...damn job market 
working 1130-730  i so wish i had a fun job
not liking my job at the moment 
is off to her next job soon  can't wait for my bed tonight.
@mattsillence  I want to goooooo! ahaha. Who does he work for? I want that job!
checking out gamestop down the road also... might get a job who knows ..now i just need a bunch of rides to it 
looking for jobs is not much fin is it? 
@KatyDe I'm sorry your job sucks so much! 
thinks maybe she should get a job  grrrr!!
I wish I had a job so I could buy all the pretty dresses @sarahmorrison is buying 
@paulahillier no incentive no nothing yet folk will feel obliged to work to keep their job else they could be forced to take redundancy 
@kenkoolhimes Oh yea, you gotta job too  must be nice, i cant find a job for nuthin, this recession is kickin my tail
just helped jason re-string his guitar...I guess we didn't do a good job because a string already broke 
Just had a high protein lunch, need to build up muscles so that I'm not to weak to do my awesome job 
getting ready to go to the bank job...not looking forward to it! 
internet is so lame at the minute, good job craigslist doesn't take up much bandwidth applied for loads of jobs again  come on toronto
Just got home from a job fair... and very little prospects 
@pbur my employment situation is changing 
wishes his job had health insurance benefits 
@sparkgrrl658: noes  I have to be at the day job
@saraaamariie i know! yay! i got another job at rebecca's but i don't want to work 2 jobs all summer cause i'll have no life 
@mcojdc yess, i can hang out tonight.. i need you!   but i can't really go job-hunting today, i feel like a hot mess. it's not even cool.
omg i need a job, its so depressing   i might have to start charging for shoots...?
Oh there's a long tweet coming...I let my job get to me boo hoo 
anyone got a job for me? i'm so looking for a job right now. it sucks graduating from university right now..  help
@digital_flake I'm sorry u didn't get the job  but macbook! envious :p
my stupid job wont call me... 
somedays i don't care for my job...and somedays i REALLY don't care for my job. 
 I need a job, I hate all but like, three things in my wardrobe 
At this very moment I am lowering my standads for a job 
@dexterrl I know, but it still sucks. They did a bad job at writing him out of the series. I am mad!! 
@LBsoundsystem Me too! The job market sucks right now 
what to do when your really bord?and finding it hard to get a new job  x
may be unemployed soon.   stupid economy, i need a job!
@JimPap ahh i havent found a job yet either! besides babysit a kid for 15$ a day. and my UNpaid internship with the lowell spinners 
Feeling lonely &amp; in desperate need of a job!!!  fyi
Eating the nastiest grilled cheese, hating my job, &amp; missing my boyfrienn 
@misterwallace Me too, lost my job  How hard is it to get a decent job these days?
needs a job 
Eating a delicious donut and drinking a can of V - working two jobs tires me out 
i need a job!!!! big time!!!   theres no use in babysitting  
@acalbelais aw that sux  I have a job interview tomorrow !
more or less has the flu, and just started her full-time job 
@mileycyrus do u realize giving blow jobs at your age is illegal? 
Job hunting is harder than it sounds. 
 without my michaels 50% off coupons i am like a crack addict without crack! i need a job....again
Just got a rejection letter for a job I didn't expect to get or even really want.  And yet, I am still bummed 
searching for elder care giver,  which is taking more time now than job hunting.  I have almost entirely given up on the job search 
layin in bed, moping over not getting the job 
@heyitsmunkie nothin.  my job searching keeps failing (tried again yesterday). but i think ive got a new freelance gig (or 2) popping up.
@uwillbeheard yeah I know! , that's why I haven't been able to find a job yet 
@biznic oooo, i LOVE salesforce. used it at my job a few years back. it is better, but i needed that template for my work 
@SpencerBobby ay that was my job 
Horrible day!!! I hate my job 
@mmmmmichael Job interview?! For where!?! And apparently it might thunderstorm tomorrow so... that's no fun 
is back at home on the job search again 
@FannishInc yeah but just starting a new job means no leave 
scrubbing the floor at wendys...I need a new job..seriously 
having a bad hair month, I've got to get a job 
praying for a job break through 
@marymarc - omg. you made me miss my old job  ...aaaaaand then i remembered closing shifts. 2:30 am. ew.
Wants a job where something creative can actually be done. 
another day of not knowing if I still have a job, really doesn't keep you motivated. 
@jbmonroe31 ooh I know about the politics of the job and its some major bitchassness  it sucks but we cant ever escape it
One week left at my job!  I'm very sad!
@salspizza oh my favourite job  not !
stillll on the job hunt  anyone want to give me a job?
just found @NajwaShihab and @KaniaSW on twitter.. men, how i envy their job.. 
- hates waiting and equally hates job hunting! 
awww young seth at his bartmitzvah  job interview today!
Really needs a job, so I don't lose my girlfriend 
sick of job hunting!!! 
@mrsjelly I agree - I wouldn't want their job for the world! but sadly it seems they are getting worse &amp; you rarely ever get a smile back 
job please 
All my jobs are done, unfortunately the postman didn't bring my games to review.........So I'm lost as to what to do with myself 
temping again... losing hope on a real job 
still need a job, finding it hard in this market to get anything 
@Porchiaxx sounds good to me, just let me know when!! p.s. ooh getting your makeup done - your job is soooo much more fun than mine  xxxx
Appliying for a crappy job I don't want 
going crazy without a job 
big plans, learn to drive, find a new job, um go to court 
getting really tired of all these shitty jobs... 
tweeting is getting addictive now  when will i look for a job??
well done http://www.nationalrail.co.uk/ doing an excellent job yet again 
such a beautiful day... finally!! Why must I be job hunting, OoOh boo! 
back from camping was good. left my job monday though can't be done with their sh*t anymore  .
@Grunzen those poor new hires 
is wondering what the coming night will bring. He is going for the top job but isnt sure he'll get it. 
i need a job stupid recession 
i need a new job!!! that will be willing to wait 2 weeks so i can do the decent thing and give my shit job notice   hate orlando right now
110 applicants for my dream job. Not surprised I wasn't shortlisted for an interview I guess. Just extremely disappointed 
This won't help anyone losing their job this summer.  
I guess I have to face it -- the fact that in this economy, I'll never find a job...pfft. 
What a tiring job i have !! 
@Crik05 I know how U feel!! but I can't without another job lined up.. 
applyin for jobs 
I need a 2nd job.. 
@dakegra sorry to hear about the job 
yay my cleaning assignment for the day is finally done!!! whoohooo. and now off to fill out job apps. i really hate doing this 
just got finished filling out the unemployment benefit forms and applied for a job at fgcu. tomorrow to beat the pavement. i haz headache 
supposed to be applying for jobs 
is out to job hunt yet again! cursed economy 
job interview todayy, sooo nervous! 
just woke up only to realize he has to go to work.  I'm not the biggest fan of my job...I NEED a career.
bored out of my mind at work! why does my job have to be so boring!!!!!!! 
If i don't get a job after that, I think I'll just spend my whole summer in bed being depressed. 
i neeed to get a summer job soooo bad! 
@tabithajames  its ok.  I will live doing my day job.  besides building computers is fun!
Anyone got any job vacancies? 
eurgh. tomorows exam + fail! &amp; i have to get a job 
Man I really wish I wasn't sick!  This sucks!  And so does having a summer job 
@carrythatweight Everything hangs on jobs.  It's depressing. 
Filling in bloody job applications....fed up and had enough 
working 5-close  i need a new job. one where i get to sit, at least for a few minutes.
@nekuchu im bored too.  dont you have job for summer?
well 1st fall back job fell through   ...onto the next one
@OldManRodgers Having a job results in less free time? It's more likely than you might think 
i just have the urge to spend the last of my money on going to watch new found glory again........ i desperately need a job 
My days at the job really drag on &amp; on when @quietdoom isn't here 
@Stoneee I have a job now  if it was at midnight, I'd be there!
just asked a lady if she knew how to copy and paste and got accused of drinking on the job...she didnt know how to 
i want a boob job cause my boobs shrunk 
What ever happened to the 9-5 jobs? Now you go in early and leave late. 
@Kates06 are just too expensive to be wasted. Not to mention, that the job has to be paid. 
My availabilty gets in the way of yet another job offer 
gah kill me now. i don't even really want this job. 
@barbadosbeauty lol!!!!!!!!not you everyone at my job!lol I love you,im mad at you yu dont love me anymore 
This summer break has been bogus so far because i dont have anything to do at all  I am still looking for a job
@bshallow that is a genuine shame  but I am 100% sure it won't affect future job applications, don't worry.
@cazmir yooo you never texted me back  great job lol
Foami is super sad cause she is losing her job 
@altwitty lol..u hate me tho  lol....but I jus went in hard on the job searching...I wasn't gonna b able to last too long
learning that my dad lost his job 
@kyleemichelle yup. middle of next month. if I can find a job and not be penniless by then. 
might not have a job after tomorrow... o joy... 
My unemployment seems to have run out on me. I believe there is an emergency extension available. I've yet to find a job 
@ctcforthepeople.....unless a recession hits and you can't find a job.. 
@ashleylauren1 so sorry about that job.  i kept checking your twitter hoping you'd say something thrilling.
@ bowenthebeard i really need a job. that sounds lovely, i wonder what the qualifications are. oh probably a drivers license. fail. 
wishes he could get a job in photography somehow!!!   just costs too bloody much to get all the right equipment! arghhhhhhhh!!
@MsTeenaMarie my job had an emergency and I had to go back... 
my last tweet for the night: my jobs stinks. i hate it. it brings down my confidence and self-esteem and just leaves me depressed. ugh 
i usually do exercise tv/go running outside. w/o a job i can't do a gym membership 
@rainbowsoul  Aw sorry, at least you know you're doing a good job!
Not having enough hours at my job.... nice because I get to be lazy... bad because I really need more money 
Wants a job so badly 
...i hate my job.... scratch that.... I hate my life :@  :@  :@  :@  :@  :@  :@  :@  :@  :@  :@ 
got offered my dream job today that combines baseball, beaches and traveling - but finding it hard to just pack up and leave someone 
i need my own place. and a job ofcourse... ahh. someone hire me please 
@HannahSheree, but not tonight cause I have to go to my old job in the morning and should really go to sleep soon. 
@pitdevil ouch, dude!  I just want her job, not her looks. 
@Firefly2020 It's good that you love your work, nothing worse than having a job you hate, makes life miserable!! 
job hunting... failing at the moment 
Wants a job and a boy. Is that so much to ask for? 
I really wish someone else could do my job for me 
has finally got a job at mackies and is now sat in college falling asleep, bored out my head! 
i just woke up, thought i had slept through my alarms and it was 6:30 pm. i almost started crying thinking i had lost my job. #notadream 
Haih...tot could go home early...but was assigned to rush out an urgent job 
Heading to job nr. 2 
Just got a new job offer, and i refused it  damn exams
Sitting at my desk working away!  But glad I have a job!
didnt get the job. bollocks 
job offer.  cambridge, IPAccess, full time.....makes life very  hard if I take that one 
is trying to find a full time job  x x
@neekel I know  How's the job hunt?
@sfanb but eventually i will find a real job and then the fun will stop   wah!
@bamabarbie06 Your job seems interesting. I sit on my butt bored all day! 
@helloblaine yeah  but I think it's because I never had a job and this summer, because everyone was like loosing their job, yeah. haha
13 job apps out, 20 wks looking and nothing. Doesn't even include the hubbys hunt. Looking like a sell off/move out of area is imminent 
Finally found a perfect job but i cant even accept it. This sucks! 
i really hate my job!!! can't leave unless i find something else! 
doing laundry  then running errands. i need a job...
Just figured out that Modelsim 5.8 is not doing a good job when both distributed and module path delays are mixed in the design. 
I just applied to ten jobs! 
Probably going to have to start going to the library for books.  I need a job, but if I get a job, I don't get fin.aid. WTFFFFFF
@ItsMarMarBitch no go on that job? 
Just had to drop all my volunteering activities  no luck with the job hunt.
I dont think I am going to take the preschool job 
getting ready to send out more resumes...i really need 2 find a freakin job. but theres not much around here 
I took my nose ring out to apply for a job and the guy didn't even show up.. now both are closed and I'm still jobless. 
Exactly 2 months to find a job before my lease is up 
I am not looking forward to tomorrow.  No matter how hard you do a good job, there's always someone who lets the team down!
@SadaBeuk yeah of course i lost my job a month before it so i couldn't afford to go either. 
I need to go interview-clothes shopping... But.. I need a job to have money to go shopping.  What a nasty circle.
this economy sucks....anybody have any job tips??? 
i need to sell stuff. i need a job. 
i hate looking for jobs 
still jobless and cant find a job anywhere 
i want a new job or vacation 
@andwu they closed the kiosk. No job now... 
#inaperfectworld money wouldn't matter and I wouldn't have to get a new job and leave my home. 
is depressed. hates job. 
@andrewkfromaz Unfortunately, my job supplies me with neither.  #fail
@mikael11 you know, since I started doing this job now I looked @ circumcised penises &amp; they look scarred and disfigured, poor hubby 
@vikkithomas iam not bad u? better if i get a job off nights 
@xodasha Me I've some jobs interviews to attend, I don't wanna go I already know the answer that's not funny 
#inaperfectworld @jonasbrothers would be here rite now  and id have a job and money instead a of a job thats convenient for the employer:@
http://twitpic.com/7r4qn - Wow I need a job 
#inaperfectworld I'd have a bloody job 
@julieunplugged  It's not that the job is bad, it's just that I don't like the lifestyle.
sigh.  i want to quit my job. 
OK, it's official, I'm broke. I need a job. 
Has been unemployed for 8 months and can't seem to find a job  I have the worst luck ever!!!
never knew how difficult it would be to get a cell phone that works. It's almost a full-time (unpaid) job getting a decent replacement. 
looking for a job and freakin out about my financial status... 
@UnderoathBand awwwww i missed the dream job question by 2 hours.  but ill still tell you. my dream job is to be a roadie and travel!!! 
tummy hurts  think im getting nervous about working tomorrow..having to stuff envelopes again shit..that aint in my job description 
@TalkingSoup I don't get near enough to spiders to thwack them. That's the boy's job.  
@ yeah if I can get tickets! I have to wait to buy them since I don't have a paid job right now 
working on my job self-evaluation; oddly, i don't feel like doing it  
taking action  and not really doing a good job. It seems like i can never please people 
is about to go to bed so I can wake up and go job hunting tomorrow 
@marleyterrier i'm at work until 7  so that is their other servants job! he will take them to the squirrel field or the beach!
@yesiortiz lol my dream is that i had your job     give it!!!
Finnished my jobs and they still want me to hang around for possible hospital deliverys 
Almost crying - parental part time is over - back in my 100% job working also on fridays 
enabling constraints could be a tiding job 
You know you're a freelancer when...you bugger up your day job for your writing 
@msdwlove that sucks  I hate my job lol
fuck  it sucks not having a job 
aint got a job nomore 
@SharonHayes Getting a new job will stop me worrying and defo help the sleep! 
walkin to work, forgot cv's, i want a real job plzzz! makes me angree, 4hours isnt even worth the stress and tears today will prob entail 
feels sucky... received so many calls but not a job found... 
@msdwlove that sucks  I hate my job lol: @msdwlove that sucks  I hate my job lol http://tinyurl.com/lws5jy
Is very bored and wants a new job 
well im looking for job if dont find one in the next 2 weeks my mom is kicking me out 
@gabhustler oh and as soon as I get a job ill know, so I wouldnt make any plans around me cuz I apparently have no matter of luck at all 
@rossmills I wish meetings at my job had cakes 
really wish mum didnt would stop giving me jobs to do  then... band practise at 2...
Tough times.   A significant number of layoffs were announced at my job yesterday.
I'm going to apply for a job... another one.... just not getting anything back...  so annoying need a job and just cant get one
looking for a suitable job for me since i didnt get in to any university.... 
@PaigeMoon I could do with one of them but this stupid job keeps getting in my way 
back from rhodes relaxed to the max... no back to teh job search!! 
is at work, waiting to hear about a job I interviewed for, but still not heard anything yet 
Neither anbesol nor orajel are doing the job. Looks like a problem for the dentist 
@choley I'm sorry about the job.  It's their loss though. You're smart and talented and I'm sure you will land on your feet.
@Freshwidow my princess is on her way over now - a ferry crossing and 2 hours drive away  - my job is great. love it. love her too, sigh
Falling asleep in job training...also freezing in here 
@Julesiah aww  sorry to hear you lost her but sounds like you made her smile. that beats the old job any day, right ?
doesn't feel like friday....no job  
not feeling well think I'm coming down with the flu  but in the meantime I'm on my job search grind
reading about job abroad. According to forums all not so bad. But i can't find any junior positions 
nothing as per usual need a new job 
I need another job  ughh
When my job says jump I jump...they own my life...they pay the bills &amp; mortgage...I'm their bitch  can't wait to get my masters
@thechaserblog and apologies for being this spiky but I have just had the most godawful week at the office and *I'm* guaranteed a job 
time to go out to the job!!! im pretty tired but i have to go to there 
i should be job hunting. but no one wants to go w| me! 
@rachieann  I feel like I'm in the same boat except re: jobs. I've applied everywhere under the sun, but when I call, they have no answers
*sigh* really frustrated with job hunting. 
@taracee A receptionist/office job for a non-profit. I've been going for pastry jobs too, but no responses yet. 
just got rejected from a job coz i can't drive. I knew it would happen, but it's still upsetting because this fact is out of my control. 
had a nice long day of job hunting.. 
@dddddaisy next stop fort lol I want another job I want more money 
nevermind. sonic isn't open.. they're just accepting job applications..  on the bright side, chapter convention was awesome! 
I need a new job asap 
@wynnec I'm so sorry to hear about the job thing.  I was thinking about you all day!!
Applying for jobs suuucckksss!! 
@speakup_ I went to sleep a little after 8 -_- dpd said I can blog for fra  and I need a real job too 
Man will I ever get a job? 
i really really need a second job! i hate being broke 
I think I have a terrible curse. I can't find a goddamn job. Fml. 
Looks like I need another job. I wish it was easy to find one. 
soooooooo sleeeeeeepppppy! excited about probability of new job just not ecstatic about its location but work is work back to e quay 
didn't do yoga. eating and job hunting instead 
lol i'm so bored. i hate not having anything to do. i need a job 
@PythonetteTwit - I want that job!  But I couldn't keep my friggin mouth shut.  You know me.  
@FierZe @ladyoshun  I know u all did a good job! I can't wait to see the video... behave urselves tonite u 2 loosey gooseys lol
That shady place didn't call like they said they would and they re-posted the job ad. 
Unfortunately my treatment sucked  but I'm learning.. It was just a workshop for select writers.. No job offer haha but in the long run..
@melvena_77 mom bought them for me cuz i needed them for my job and i couldn't afford them  she owns me now
looking for jobs is hardwork 
I can't fall asleep... ugh! I really wish I could find a job. I just spent the last hour putting my resume into even more jobs... 
i want to apply for a job to write at cracked but i don't think i'm funny enough. weird maybe but not funny 
finding a job now and days is a bitch! god how i miss the 90s 
well, d&amp;d closes@11...i get out by like 11:30-11:45......its 1:05 &amp; i just got home  i hate my job...
@ACsPositiveFlow I wish I'd done a better job at it.  But he's always had my moral support and prayers.I think I havd 3 copies of his
well, d&amp;d closes@11...i get out by like 11:30-11:45......its 1:05 &amp; i just got home  i hate my job...: well, d.. http://tinyurl.com/m64cdy
@franco2217 that's a low blow. I'm looking for a job  ahha. I will thanks.
Urgs... Steve jobs had a liver transplant.. Does that mean metastatic cancer?  http://bit.ly/6YlDB #apple #steve #jobs
@yourlegsgrow no    I have a job now, so if I save up, I may be able to manage something! I need to see you again! &lt;33
watching confessions of a shopaholic wishing i had a job 
when will they ring me? i dont think i can stay in this job any longer 
@asatiir are you serious? That's not good.... I'm worried I'll be doing stuff like that if I get the job 
steve jobs had liver  i thought he was vegan 
@mayerelle still you are doing a really good job wih paintshop... i'm not creative at all 
I have no dream job to do this for it  http://bit.ly/WBSdV
 I hate my job! I want to fly a plane soon! 
i really need a job times are hard and my parents can't do everything. dang I'm 16  I shouldn have to worry about that 
 I hate my job! I want to fly a plane soon! :  I hate my job! I want to fly a plane soon!  http://tinyurl.com/mm9wod
My job gave me a new wrinkle 
big job, no time to chill, 
@curtisnohl ditto.  i have slaves to that for me (their codenames are: Chlidren) lol  but they dont do a good job, 
i went to dunkin donuts to talk to some guy about a job.. but it didn't work out. 
Man I hate this job 
On my way to work.... Honestly I need a new job 
@djbroc gah! hearted and downloaded - love it! unfortch, my real job has taken over my far more important job of hypemhearting 
might not have a job anymore  really nervous. please distract me.
maybe i should just become a lez..or quit my job so i dont have to see him..or slash his tires for being so desireable..its not fair 
in desperate need for a job 
at the job...swag off 
@feltbeats it's the first day at my new job, dammit 
Boring day so far, I need a job 
@LiteBytes I just asked him again and he said I would have 2 get a job so I can buy the new iPhone! That's not gonna happen anytime soon! 
Really anxious right now.  sucking at my job because of it.
I love my job! But missing fireworks tonight 
trying to search for a career on google but everything i read is soo negative and giving me reasons why i shouldn't choose that career... 
@rachaelxxx mcdonalds? haha, fun! first job i'm guessing? haha, typical first job-mcdonalds ;) haha, i'm kidding.. i need to get a job!! 
@roxy_girl_oside awww  I wish so too!!! I don't like your job. Lol.
@beccagreen93 tbh i dnt know either i was jus being friendly and ive started job hunting  are you gonna get a job?
needs to find a new job 
needs a new job 
had to go to work this morning, i got cut from my second job....sales are down  the economy sux
cant wait to get a job 
@gummibalu ew omg really?! that blows.  but it would be a fun job i bet!!
REALLY need to find another job...you know, in addition to the 3 part time jobs I already have. The ends aren't meeting 
@swayswaystacey same  but i dont know what course i'd wanna do, i dont know what i want... ill just get a job with dad and do nothing.
sooo worried about what to do about my job..... i dont want to work there anymore.... but i dont want to be jobless... oh dear 
I need a fucking job!  Why didn't I go to culinary school when I had the chance?  
going through job application forms. 15 done, 50 to go... 
Still awake. I really wish I could get a job right now! I need more money!! I hope luck is on my side this summer... 
time for job one at the shop then home and onto job two at the cafe later 
Needs a new job 
@redvers Nothing exciting, summer job in a shop!  Yawnnn!
i neeed a job, anyone know anywhere with vacancies 
And more specialised therefore not quite so much demand . Plus it's all being fucking outsourced. And the Indians don't do a decent job 
@peterbalogh find a job... not my favorite plan  !
needs a job... 
trying desperately to do the jobs he has to do first before playtime 
Job hunting again... 
I'm kind of bummed... I was suppose to be called to reschedule a job interview but the guy never did get in touch with me 
doing inventory....sucks...i have my summer freedom...but now im out of a job 
@poolandpatio I have a drain, but not connected to anything   safety issue apparently.   I guess it's just 'dirty job' time for you!
Sitting at my internship wishing I could go outside and chill with @sabrinareid, but stuck doing paperwork 
if things dont improve I'm looking for another job 
My next door neighbour reminded me today just how long it's been since I graduated from uni. And how long I've been in my current job 
@donotwant interview went well! except i'll have to take my nose ring out if i get the job  pout.
i need money and a job 
I am trying to figure out how a cricket managed to get into my job and why its making so much damn noise!!  
i am trying to get a job as a model but nothing di do seems to work out 
@FizzyDuck god no, builders, the turn a small quick easy job into a major demolition piece &amp; rebuild &amp; then sod off for 6 months people 
NOT rehired after all   crap i need a job.
job searching on the internet. 
http://bit.ly/c9mKC i really do want some  i need a job so i can get some
@TheDrakeHotel hey there, just tried to email you in regards to the job but the message keeps on bouncing back.  #cooljob #coolpeople
I'm on break tired, wishing I didn't have to work to min wage jobs 
So I just found out that I am def losing my job.  This sucks! 
hmm having a degree isn't helping much with the job search  I feel like I wasted my time!!
checking out craigslist since i lost my job tonight 
Job searching becomes more difficult when it is gorgeous and sunny out 
jobs are so hard to get atm  @beckywithlove
@andrewfenn cwjobs.com lots of jobs but 90% are recruiters 
just filled out a crap load of job applications.. 
ha! my job...my job...my job....manana same place different time. sorry kids 
I #BlameDrewsCancer for me working this boring second job 
@MarcyHabetrot unfortunately,it's a wonder my husband and I have jobs.  this area is terrible.
I am sad because my job has blocked tweet deck 
I really don't like my job  it's time for something new!
@RandomMadness double boo on that one, irresponsible employer as well as signs of future job hunting 
job applications are not fun 
Job interview went well yesterday! Just so damn far! 
@DevinRadford yes, but i have no job!!!!! i cant move there with no job... its a very unfortunate situation!!  im not happy about it
@dlachance329 i'm sorry dbag  i'm going to a professional development meeting next week and we're going over creative ways to land a job
Today i asked at my internship if I could stay for a summer job, but they said 'they had enough people'.. 
all good things come to an end, thus the reason we always have to return to a never ending job 
havent been here in awhile.. someone give me a job 
@himeks Wish I could have gone. I'm sad that I have zero $ even with working 2 jobs. 
@KimKardashian such a busy lady! it's all paying off.........i wish I had a job 
i hate my job  lol actually, i hate humidity!
My husband lost his job today.  The plant is shutting down.  I don't want to move again.  
mosquitoes eating my alive! while indoors! this sucks. and still no word on job 
As I think about the reality of leaving my job and going into something new and unknown -I'm nervous  And all I've done is write my resume
@freshstate awww, so cute! ^o^ insh u get the job then. better than nothing at all 
wants a new job 
Needs to find a job but doesn't quite know where to look. 
my good mood has gone this fucking job 
Ahh job interview at criterion today! I hope I get it!!!!. 
Some days I just don't feel like working and I wish I didn't have a job. 
Job applications to fill out now 
Now, got job applications to fill out  - Wish me luck.
job 1 done..now, what next??tired soo.. 
looking at new jobs to apply for always makes me feel inadequate, like I dont think I can do any of them 
Job interview on thursday, finally! But dentist today 
cleaning up yet another internal hack job on our main db server 
shit i have a job 
time to look for a job 
I finally find a pointing device I like for my job... and it's $200  http://bit.ly/lYXR6
ughh. no jobs to apply to! 
the only job i think i can have is the running crew, but i think u have to 15 
Hot neighbor has a job at some camp.  luckybitch
8-5 job = torture.   
sucked ass on my interviews... ill never get a job!!! 
just wants the job thing to be sorted already 
@JaredCurlz I don't have a choice. I need a job and I have to keep checking my applications. 
@tdmalone I was laid off from my drafting job due to the recession... again 
i quit job to come out of routine. now i find lack of routine is impacting my productivity. 
Today's job scope is a total mindfuck! 
@nathanta not everyone  i doubt i'll get the job =/ oh wells.
@sydneyfamous well i thought i was goona lose my job b/c my boss just kept yelling at me today 
Just been told my job is no longer exists 
@samquerrey good job today, but sorry u couldn't take the match  And what is it w/ the vagrants and you, you need a body guard or somthin?
ay? doing postman job again.... 
@cavorting can you go and make them give me the job please? 
@fly_meaway oh i know  i honestly cant wrap my head around it half the time. and they're so harmless! good job it's taken seriously though
Currently very busy with job searching? No much time to spend in .net 
I can't find a job!!!  Anyone want to employ me?
Attempting to apply for jobs, i hate applications 
@vitaminkitten I would love to, but my job demands otherwise! 
pure bored still no job 
I'm off to trawl the job boards for a bit 
this job is so boring! im dying here 
Just realised my summer job is basically structural mechanics revision. 
All jobs done..for now  still feeling poorly sick 
I love to be honest so on that note I hate coming to my job..... In other words I hate my job........ 
wages are fucked 
Is off to work... I already hate my job and it's day two... 
@SolihullCouncil This job suits me to a T, wld love to apply! The salary isnt good tho 
leaving office at a later time everyday. very sian  shld i jus go get a new job? cannot think properly!
it's job hunting time 
I was way too nervous at my job interview, think i might have fuddled it.... 
I want to watch the Italian Job, but I don't think I have it.... 
i am unemployed about economic crises and i try to find new job...but it is not easy 
@TamsinEmillie yay, kill me now  I dispize working at freshies it's just a dead end job in a crappy town, I hope currys calls me soon
Is being unemployed...why is it so hard to find a job in london? 
@SleepTightTiger don't torture me! I'd honestly love nothing more than that! esp right now that I've got no job, no flight money though 
i don't wanna job hunt anymoreee 
its a slow day, still no luck on the job hunt 
Trading in the old clunker for something new today.  Now I can't quit my job for sure. 
I don't like taking over a job for someone that was half azzin it 
@JennyPumpkinx I would, but I need a job first so I can pay for insurance. No clothes shopping for me  Superlame.
@judyyiu iunderstand, i had to take after a poorly coded flash site at my old job. hated it. 
so unbelievably hot  but ice lolly is doing its job (Y)
@alexbroun I didn't convince myself I was fat and ugly someone else did a pretty good job of that. Its a long story sorry 
Gma took away z who was screaming &amp; crying to stay w me. I feel terrible abt it &amp; like I didn't do a very good job of honoring z needs. 
just applied for another 10 positions anywhere and everywhere..no graphics so down to admin jobs..great aye!i think i am better than that 
@coreykinder I miss you too! I'll be back in like a month or so! P.S. - I used to love getting bonus checks too but I don't have a job 
as usual alliance one, their question am I looking for a job? GAAAAAAAAAAAAD!! i got mad at them 
still no job ! money wearing out very fast ! 
is still on the job hunt, plus this heat, man my life is really at a stand still 
@ricksltlsister no  this whole week couldn't possibly get any worse at the moment, my job fucked me over sideways.
Once again stayed up to late and have to start too early  It is a good thing I like my job
Job searches=lame.  But sending my cover letter to steve to edit/write for me=perfection 
@Snakehit new job? congrats 
woot! back from my job interview 
@Thehodge Depends if you add 'because the salary is laughable' after it... 
@showa55 congrats. what job is it? 
@StevieG144 haha yeah that's her job!! 
has got herself a extra job as a photographer  
prays for his new job career.    praise god i got a new job.  
@Joslyne aweee lol..just think..the job will get you into more shows! ..at least that's what keeps me going  haha
blogger has been unblocked at work - at last!!! job satisfaction just went up a couple of notches 
oh so glad this office job will be over this week! then starts the real fun!!! 
@artemisrex Hhaha, then its doing its job 
@twbostick I bet you did an awesome job, too. 
@Starlysh thats kind of my job! 
@tanyalua taking it in hopes of it looking good on my resume and getting a good job 
@piperoflove heh ... then my job here is done. 
@Keganator sounds like I must be doing a good job with my social media presence as well as with my academic advising gig... 
http://twitpic.com/3job4 - artsalive sol davis&amp;me 
@miamidubstep I'd love to hear a review of the panels and job fair from you though. 
trying to look for a job! &amp; im NOT going back to my previous job.. sorry excoworkers! not doing it 
How to get a job   http://bit.ly/HsnQf
@chrissinicole sounds like you have a very fun job  http://myloc.me/3wq
@OdisG sounds good. hope you got the job!!! 
@jannetwalsh So do you have a new job? Congratulations! 
@casinomillz in that time I added 100 people....nice job.... should have clicked the link... 
@dtparks37 Thats the truth.  I love my job but loved it more when the economy went south!!  
just saw gray gardens and it was amazing great job drew barrymore 
@SkateRyan If I didn't know how much you need the money, I'd tell you to leave a job for someone else!! 
I love the part of my job where I go to weddings 
@basseyworld  LUv perfect timing. It makes me feel like every step from my job was navigated by the heavens so we could bump N2 eachother 
@kylerichter you need to come up with a nice job title like that for yourself 
@decaydace hi! i was wondering if i could get a detailed description of what an intern does @ your company  i'm still looking for a job!
love's the social of the new job, and the tips are a rather sweet bonus 
@SimonRossyRoss they get paid to be underwhelming. . . It's in the job discription! 
@zacislost I'm loving illustrator atm, hasn't crashed or gone messy on me for this job i'm working on once. But still, I know the feeling 
@LongTallShorty almost in manc, sorting out a job and flat at the momento. so by summer i shall be there  woop. what are you doing? x
@dekrazee1 re information:  of course they do.  It's an excuse to do the job half-arsed and be shitty to other people 
done working for the winter.... now i can do whatever i want... anyone got a job? 
@SherilynMoon  if your bored,have it spuced up ie: a new paint job like flames on the sides ect!
@kcghosthunters your job sounds waaaaay cool. gnyt. 
would love a job on a cruise ship 
@dougiemcfly trust you to do that... why didnt u check before u answered the questions... good job lol 
@suzicatherine for one job my application included an apology about how rubbish and rushed the application was - worked out pretty well 
@sahilriz What is this I hear about a new job? Congratulations are in order 
@danishk yeah sure, i just love my job and my office. 
@Pentropy great job dk 
new week, same challenge. marketing job ....... come to me. 
@MaggieAnn09 I want an update from you! How's life? Job hunt? E-mail me. 
@adonkim interview 2morrow for a 4 day admin job; call it my stepping stone job, interviews make me nerv. hey, thanx for the interest 
@shannamaclasco @sarahfredricks i start my step up internship on may 4th!! see you then 
getting paid to model a cartoony robot!  i don`t think i could have a better job 
i have a job interview...wish me luck 
@mcafee15 You know, I just thought about it, but you do remind me a lot of Job...wow. Either way, be careful 
back to the old grind... hang on, i like my job 
Sometimes I should listen to my own advice. After all, it's just a job. 
@BucketHatBobby yea but you'll actually have a job when you get out. 
@perezhilton great job 
@adurian but i bet it felt good!!! good job 
@maddenman2000 just wanted to say great job on all the posts today!  
@caterhamcars demoing r500's a dream job for most of us 
I am love love loving my new job 
@tinateee Yes you will. keep going, you are doing a great job 
@kulturbrille hey keep on updating on the meeting!  great job!
got a job at baskin robins 
@TheSIlo @FearTheSpartans - good job tonight! 
@tweetles Thanks  I am hoping to find another job at a hotel. my 2 years here should really help. as long as ppl are hiring
is going to meet a stylist, and maybe will take an assistant job who knows? 
mikeys friend thats been staying with us brought home some random girl. i like her i think  been filling out job apps since about 2 a.m
@johncmayer awe, it's because you have to learn things. the bigger the job, the harder the test, but the reward will be worth it. 
@taylorswift13 &quot;you belong with me&quot; video is totally awesome! nice job..as always 
@angelaattorney great job! let us know how it goes 
@dkirkward I'd start with a google search of 'social media jobs' 
@mariagudelis  Awesome job on the vid for the two blind marketers! They are inspiring.  @teresablaes  
strimming grass whilst @wildbill7 changing the switches/plugs good job all round 
@macosophy LOL at the &quot;wasting my life away&quot; part. Is your job really that bad?  I think I already know the answer 
good job manny 
@arvindk They need jobs especially with the slowdown 
oooh just saw @mileycrus 's it was better than i was expecting..... another good job from the very talented @mileycrus 
@majastevanovich I did!  And now I'm packing for a week away from the office, my favorite part of the job! 
I just had my first job interview  And I have my second interview tomorrow!!!
@WhatsTheT thanks bro! its a creation from my job the lil kids 5-13 are loving them and understanding the value of a dollar early! 
Going to bed now...I've got a busy week ahead of me...learning a new job is challenging and tough....but mine is also rewarding 
i start my new job tomorrow...i'm excited 
Not having much luck with the job search...but this post that I keep running across is keeping things interesting  http://bit.ly/fDauT
i have an interview for a summer job tomorrow! 
@crystalclear30 Need to find a job like mine. No 2 days are exactly the same and I get freedom to change them to not be boring. 
okay..the majority of the butterflies have now subsided.  good job with the suppressing jayzel ! *hi5. haha
It is so much exciting to pay people for their job done 
YAY @lebomba will be back soon! I tell me how I'm a wack job according to my Tweets! @ninjen @radiojen @champuru YAY! 
ugh. I hate my job. This has to be the worst employer I have ever worked for. I can't wait to leave this place. Only a few weeks to go 
@kieranball you have done an amazing job... a stellar fellow, from my simple lenders point of view... thank you 
I have the Job  this is a nice day it can not be better
thank god i havent quit my day job  ps. turning 27 tomorrow. i just round up to 30 now.
is planning for surviving financial status after quitting my job, gotta find a new job within 4 months 
is working.   I am so happy my job is a radio and not anything physically exhausting....
Soon my new job starts  I'm so happy! 
got alot of runnin around to do today to get this job app completed so they can have it on file... so glad i got this job!! 
Thanks @8101harris I will have the editing done soon for @hoteleden I see I do a better job behind the camera instead of in front of it 
@jimmymarsh617 awesome job last night! 
@jeffsgrippen i used to be!! i've done a few different jobs in yj. currently i'm a court officer 
getting ready for my first day at my new job 
Looks like I got a new job 
listening to music  was kostet der fisch ?! xD my mathsteacher has choose the wrong job... that's wrong grammar but a real fact !!
@MissVerna http://twitpic.com/4visl - WOW this looks incredible! wicked job on the butterflies! they're fantastic! 
@penpen72 Haha, true  thankfully the regular keyboard does the job... most of the time.
@sweeti20 thanks  i make ur job a little less crappier every day!
@NYBabe i would say 10 years younger is not too young, but he would have to be intelligent, good convo skills and other skills 
this aztec mask is harder then i thought! but u kno what, i think i did a pretty good job for not being an artist 
@farah_n_pete you do a terrible job of hiding it. 
@ayende LOL it's not the army it's starfleet, rules are meant to be broken to get the job done. That's why he gets the medal 
first day on new job,, bought a new clothes already and it was 40% off for employee discount! 
Just finishing shooting, can u believe it, but got the job done 
a Dutch marketing agency is asking job applicants to apply in 140 characters or less  http://www.energize.nl/twillicitatie/
thinking about recent job opportunities and hoping to get one! and gettng ready for church 
@RickNunn they look great framed mate, good job 
@NellaDesigns no, i'm pretty sure we are definitely lame-o workaholics   it's just easy to be that way when you love your job, right?
@wagnerofficial not to be mean, but you should keep your day job 
wow tired today...but awesome job by the team to finish the south half 
I will finish my job tomorrow 
@onicoara well, for how long are they on the job? how many companies have they seen? maybe they're just clueless? or maybe they're right 
@CynthiaY29 good job!  enjoy 
I absolutely adore my job and my co-workers. 
@nibsuk No plans apart from the usual  Job hunting, tea drinking and entertaining myself
@DavidArchie you did an awesome job!! you sound really great.  
now i go to the job center and make my arbitress sooooo happy -.- hate this woman.. see you later (= i hope i come back alive and kicking 
@djpaulthomas good job mate!  all good?
@saraesse maybe after my next job..i need to stay here and keep on building up what I'm building now 
@daviderogers sorry about the job, these things happen for reason, they kept you waiting didn't they! I hope the food was nice 
@hoseachanchez anybody on the east coast that has a job is up with you 
Working,, think new job may be on the cards  x x
@TexasFella68 I agree -  glad I have a job, just wish I was from 10 to 2 instead 8 to 5 
Congratulations @lacyhepp on your new job. 
have a job interview 2day...wish me luck 
@imogenheap yay, great job! So excited to see you're making so much progress in so little time  what's next on the list?
@Whipoorwill well right now im a lawyer w/o a job so no stress right now 
@Fabviid ehh he's not really my type... lol but he did a good job with his role in the movie 
@madilovesmerder reading the quotes now. great job thanxs 
applying for a job at the cinema 
@cliffo_liam haha you did a good job  and i hope ur throat feels better soon ahaha
Gots some new clothes for the job. Nyaha 
Things are looking up on the job hunt front 
I must also mention that @sans_titre is doing an amazing job designing my site. I cannot wait to launch it. 
@ashleytisdale heey! you did an awesome job in 'picture this' loved the moviee! 
2 more shifts and i can finally leave me 2nd job. cannot wait 
@pastormlee you did a great job in first service!! Especially liked the part about walmart and buying water, funyons and ammo 
So what makes you different to all the other job seekers out there? This is a good read  http://snipr.com/hjhyd
@tweetles  Still looking for a job, other than that, everything is peachy!! 
had the best weekend working bu grad. paid all my bills in 2 shifts. number one server. i absolutely love my job. time to relax 
@BritanyJean omg good job 
going to try and find a bachlorette party dress tomorro. Going 2 take my drug test for my new job 2morro. Not worred  excited for zoo job!
@hellosunshine05 YAY! great job, kailey!  that sucks though. :/ hope you feel better!
@raphael_brion awesome job on the site!! 
@complikatedDiva im sure it will all be worth yr effort! gd job, sis!! 
@ramdomthoughts  @geekachu It's not really an awesome job. I just couldn't sleep and got bored by 6am so I drove to work! 
@Blargal great job Blargal!  I'll check out the recording sometime soon. 
trying to remember that no job does not equal vacation time 
On way to start my new job 
@KankzXD awesome,, woo!! and my busking on oxford st will be a night job  or the other way around
@MollieOfficial 'accidentally' nudging is always the best haha  i got a job interview today  lol
Just got my salary!! 
@swiffd ur tweets ammuse me  good job lol
I love this job. We get some characters in here. 
@rotiprata not daunted at all. was working 100hr wks during my previous internship.  liked the responsibility &amp; job satisfaction
it's nice having a job you don't dread getting up to go to. and where you get movies for like 4 or 5 bucks  bonus
@rakesh314 so you changed job? Congrats. 
@theatrenurse i like to joke to my friends about that... that my job is that im ACTUALLY a scrubber !! 
and the project presentation tday went well  much better than expected. great job girls
wooo. not yet done with the job, but i have to go.  goodnight!  have a great day ahead 
so proud of my momma. she got a job so fast 
@danecook i loved it..great job..my favorite part had to be when you got that anonymous guy back who emailed you 
@Rockergirl75 Of course I do, I'm his sec of state. Its my job. 
@MrEdLover I need a day job...!! 
Preparinging for new job in two days 
@hellocatfood We think that the programming category will be used for very specific job types, employees can post wherever they like 
@CindyKing well.... speaking 4 languages fluently does the job for me 
Starting my new job today at the hospital. I'm excited and nervous . . .  off to my new job.
@mittenstrings I'd take a second job to pay for a maid. 
@mehulved good job..  i've always beleived in speaking up for the right.. 
ust finished job &amp; full of energy...i think am gona hit the gym 
just finished job &amp; full of energy...i think am gona hit the gym 
i am about to go to my first day of training for my new job 
preparing for a couple of job interview, I'm looking for smart people 
Samples accepted  I love my job.....
@ravensensei lol.  I take no offense. And like I said, if that's the worst thing someone can say about my tweets, well, I've done my job
@kolson29 yeah I second that.  How much of what you learned in collage do you REALLY use on the job 
accidentally found my first ever real job paycheck... reminiscing... 
@bugsyrocker Only on the job 4 days and already cultivating 'foes?'  
@highmeh That only works for a month, and then you have to go back to a real job.  
@nicksummy --whatever floats your boat.    I love my freedom and my residual income.  You evidently love your job.  
@carlyritz Just for 2 weeks  But perhaps not 'yours' , rather just 'a' job...
@murugaprabum dont worry I had the same expereince during my internship. You will soon get used to it 
@timdp is it any good? I keep meaning to go while on this period of 'self-employment' 
@MitchBenn as many as we can get! go get a proper job and reap the benefits 
just seen a multi milionaire and he has left feeling fantastic - what a job I have 
just applied for a job at kmart  for the experience part all my answers were no haha i doubt they will hire me
@angelapanagacos GAAAH! that's a lot! but at least you have a job 
keeps the wheels in motion. Just another job interview done..and there's more to come 
@ethicalsoap I was the oldest of five from a strict family, and successfully manage five very intelligent parrots. You have a tough job 
got 72 on my barb test  can do any job i want.
In super productive mode-working my way through a big pile of job applications, submitted my ezine article and organised my room  hurray!
@orchidbox hahaha Job are you kidding me? 
@phelo is the correct etiquette to spell it all with capitals? Need to do some on the job training 
3d shapes for magnetophones' site. showing this to a potential employer for a job. dynamic flash to. love where this site is going 
I get to interview to keep my job again...3rd time I've done this!  It's a good thing I'm such a valuable asset!  
Preparing for job interview this afternoon; wish me luck! 
degree finished. summer will be spent doing unskilled labour!   . kill me. or someone give me a graduate job. plz
@laurenlarsen awww, lauren...you let her cry it out, huh?  i know that was tough!  good job though!  you won't regret it.  
Three day weekend! Job interview and guitar lesson today  (via @BridgerBrown)
@sebconn ahhh. well then! good job for youtube! 
@lissyvz  i hope it get it! it'd be an amazing summer job.
@ellajoe good job...now i have to get you blogging every day 
1 more subject and i'm done with enlistment. 
I just need to find a job that is a step up, that I find interesting, thats all 
All u unemployed individuals get a job!!! LOL jk 
@djdsf new job, been taking a little longer than I thought to get in the groove. 
@DwightHoward awesome job! so glad you're beating the cavs....keep it up! 
@brukaoru gratz on new job hope you like it 
i hate late night shoots cuz i always stay up so late! oh well, i love my job! 
excited about the job offer.. hopefully it goes thru 
My uncle is letting us manage the band studio. Finally! A summer job. 
needs a job for the summer!! any of you celebrities need shoe shiners, straw holders etc...? I am highly qualified 
My feet are killing me, but I think I'm doing a good job training the newbies. 
@kylapierson job well done missy..I got lawn mowed and some weaving done..bagged now so heading to bed..night all 
has a job interview tomorrow  possible photoshoots coming up
@_AlexaJordan I've been feeling the exact same way about my job...anything I can do to help...I'll do...I'll give you a call this weekend 
@johngass I need one bad.  Jebbie dog does a pretty good job at it though 
@mostblind @jespern I'm still around, but looking at the housing prices I should probably go somewhere else, or get a properly paid job 
@RedYellowEss awesome job tonight @ the boardwalk! fantastic 
says it's not the weekend until the job is done - quoted from my cuzin  http://plurk.com/p/wy92v
Guess who got a job. 
@fridajohansson goood job!  i don't even have music, that sucks!
@scorpion032 good good. and now a first time entrepreneur  (i presume). infy was my first job too.
haz got fired from her job. the funny thing is she works in her families pub. that's how amazingly cool she is 
@Kanaweira it's my mission on life but it's sweet to get on my last day on job  is a sign? spooooook
