Most common words for this cluster:
[('job', 393), ('interview', 9), ('haha', 8), ('lol', 5), ('amp', 4), ('http', 4), ('yay', 3), ('com', 3), ('c', 3), ('tinyurl', 3), ('i', 3), ('u', 3)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'job', 0.9998311400413513), (u'jobs', 0.6249576210975647), (u'Job', 0.566054105758667), (u'BrokeAss_Blog_Need', 0.5631402134895325), (u'work', 0.5149117708206177), (u'daunting_Platoni', 0.5108053684234619), (u'employment', 0.49475857615470886), (u'monster.com', 0.4899882674217224), (u'thankless_job', 0.46128278970718384), (u'rsum', 0.45531710982322693)]





I really want a new job  not particually a better one, just a new one....
why do i have to go to the sitty job more often than the nice one 
seekin'for a new job.. 
More boring job hunting.. 
@shylands get a job 
Searching for a job! 
I'm tired of my job 
i am still looking for a job and some studying from now and then 
@MikeyMarks bless you. If I could accord to employ you, I'd find a job for you to do. But I can't 
Really hoping to get a job.... and is now getting worried! 
doesnt have a job no more 
@landrews2702 How very dare you.  It's true though - I'm in the wrong job! 
@PotterEntourage I wish! He's at his actual job right now on base 
I am looking for a job 
not any job there either  WHAT to do!?!
so didn't get the job 
@CRChan atleast u have a job 
I need a job...  
@caitlindsmith i need a job to 
@sofiafontes Oh dear what's up with the job? 
Workk  i hate my job
didn't get the job I needed due to where i live. Going to cry soon 
I hope i get that job in medowhall , i need a job as my acting career isn't going so well as it did  
I desparately want a better paying job 
i hate my job : i hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/c9kguw
job searching. again. 
need a new job!! 
I so need a job... 
so I didn't get the job 
2 stressed about not having a job to sleep.  
@nikeetaa i wish i had a job like i use to  i might not be so lazy
asking myself why can't i find a job...? 
@hollymadison123 I wish I had a good job like you  I miss you on GPBM! x
@delilahmarie89 200  ugh by may 20 and i have no job . luckky me
@MelanieFresh27 work.  how did you job interview go?
job hunting isn't that easy.. 
I need a new job 
I need a job.  
@Dendal git me a job there! 
looking for a job  very frustrating!
trying to find another job 
@MrAccomplished it sucks.. mad slow  i need a new job
I hate my job 
@sillybabyjulie how was it? I might not have a job now 
rejected from job.  
Wish: A permanent job 
I don't want to look for another job. This is shit 
i need a job badly 
@hyperboledave took my job 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy
Looking for a new job, actually want to cry. 
i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy: i seriously hate my job.  so unhappy http://tinyurl.com/pfosp3
@queenbean99 I wish I had a new job. 
I need a job 
going to apply for a third job 
@jlaryea hey hon! i'm here  ichat hasn't been working at my job 
I wish I drank on the job...  that's me
stressed about keeping my job 
@Bulletplug now I wish I had my job still so I could go to hot topic 
I still can't find a job 
On a mission for a better job.. 
@ebbye this job is excellent, I just don't feel comfortable in it anymore 
@bcwarr hey a second job is better than one measly barely-any-hours-job 
job hunting. yay..... 
Ive totally not got that job  i can just tell.
is looking for a job 
I don't want to quit my job. 
I really wanted that job 
job searching some more 
AND I didn't get the job 
@MrPerfect919 i did have 1 n i still do...this job is so dead 2 me right now... 
My boss at job #2 is scary 
I need a new job...desperatly!!  Just can't find one  ahh
 i hate my job
i need a job.......... 
@GreenEyedLisa I've been unemployed from an offical job for longer 
I wonder how much id actually get done artistically if i didnt have a stupid job! 
@augustohp No I'm not... I got a new job and I can't go 
so this is what it feels like not having a job... i dont like it  ... partying it up tonight! &lt;3
really fucking stressed; do not want to go job hunting. 
i still dont have a bartending job yet  but then i realize, i haven't exactly applied anywhere yet. woops
I know I am privileged and don't work as much as I should. Unfortunately, my current job doesn't need me any more tonight 
i have to find a job...quickly. 
I need a job 
@drable current job doesn't feel so  - note to self, work for an organisation you believe in &amp; not just one that pays well!
The prospect of going job hunting for the first time since I was 16 isn't one that excites me at all. Ahhhhhhhhhhh I need a job so bad 
Still not convinced I like this new job,  
Off to the job 
it's so hard to look for a job.. 
i need a job. 
I think I have to get a second job 
I really really really want a job so bad 
@heyyfeliciaa no i won't too  What's your job ?
I just finished my last day at my current job. Now I am officially job less 
i need a new job like immediately 
neeeeeeeeds a job badly 
need a job 
I didn't get the job 
@WesOxford I'm very sick of this job, it's so boring. 
I really hope i dont have to move interstate just to get a job 
I really need a job... 
is heart-broken because she didnt get a job that she really really wanted 
just heard.. and alas, I didn't get the job 
@geekwithcamera i need a job 
i miss my job 
I reallyyyy need to get a second job. Brrrroookkkkeeee 
job searching - there is feckall out there.  
is allergic to her job 
I need to find a second job! 
I really need a new job 
Boring not to have a job 
is still looking for a job 
I might lose my job 
job hunting is exhausting!!!! 
i want a job  ugh
if only i had a job..... 
@HayleaJay what's going on? i thought you loved that job? 
didnt get the job 
My job blows &amp; I'm sleepy. I really don't want to be here. 
I need a job!! Why won't anyone hire me? 
@rejazz haha, i miss youuuu! like for real. you need a new job. 
i suck at my job 
has started a job and now does not want to finish it 
stupid job, i want to go home 
@ellamorton i want your job 
Looking for a new job 
trying to find a job 
job, where are you?   why won't you find me.
@jayceemedee  i hope you find a job soon cause i love you.
@ohhijustin At least you have a job 
I was almost scammed during my job search. 
i want / need a job mannn ! 
I want to be anywhere but here... job hunting not going so well 
I promise to do a better job making it to the next #fredtweetup since I did so poorly on this one 
@kevdog  whack job?
i need a second job 
i really need a job. 
@jobeaz But I suspect it's easier to turn a conventional job that you already have into a telecommuting job than to find one ready-made 
is anyone else annoyed with job centres? 
Waiting to print a job  that's fucked uppp
I'm really starting to hate my job 
I'm really starting to hate my job : I'm really starting to hate my job  http://tinyurl.com/o7zxde
Seriously overwhelmed with this new job position 
@babygirlparis shitty I have a real job and have to work 
Right now I am currently looking for a job.. 
job searching. 
Having a 9-5 job sucks 
@creamteam every other job ive had, we always got out at either 1 or 3...this job, not at all 
@VanWagenenn i'm sorry  so what are you up to then sans a job?
@Burnaway I don't have a job yet 
can't get her job back 
I love my job.. I love my job.. Is only what i fucking tell myself everyday. 
sad i did not get that job! 
is mentally exhausted, tired of crying, and just wants to love her job again. 
@vinbiscuit54 i was so excited for a real job, 
@l_usive at least you have a job 
i need a job! 
can't find a job 
@carolinekerrang hey, i want that as a job! 
just found out she has to know C/C++ for her dream job 
I REALLY need a job 
NowWritingUpMyAd.AnybodyWantAShoot?StudentPhotographerWillShootWhereDesired.LowCostAndDiscFullOfImages.SomeoneHireMePlease  i hate my job!
Working...I need a new job 
i waaaaaaaaaaaaaaant a job 
@Madmonaghan i work weekends  sooooo shit! i hate my job like i hate  hell... its the worst job ever .. so i'm exhausted
 I hate this job
I hate not having a job 
@Burkazoid what's the new job? I wish I was at glasgees 
I need a job 
i need a job 
...  I didn't get the job...
I need job, i want job, why won't anyone give me job? 
back to the job...... 
One more job to do is one job too many! 
I need a job soon and I want matt to finish tour 
/me majorly wants a job 
@joespopsicle I would if I had some where to live and a job there 
now being harrassed  i should have taken the other job 
@justinofdoom no  there are so many that I want! lol I need to figure out where to put them so that I can keep my job lol
Just moved to sac not as easy to get a job as I had hoped for  still looking.
Anyone want to do my job for me so I can get a second job? I am so skint 
I need a new job 
Looking for a new job 
i think I need a new job 
@juliancarter she took a job elsewhere 
job searching is not successful  i needs moneyyy!!!!
I totally need a job 
Haha I meant jog not job! Ahh I'm sunburned 
i just woke up...it sucks not having a job yet 
really isn't sure that her job interview went as well as it could have done 
@michaelstrahan so lucky!!!! I hate my job 
is really bored...and needs a job. 
hasn't heard from the job. I don't think I got it. 
Still havent found a job 
@DontBeASkeptik @LovGloria just think you both could have my job. 
I really need a job. 
Is so let down  still no job
i need a job! 
Really hates her job 
I still need a job 
Looking for second job! 
Bummin out  I need a job!
@tiaramarie05 me either I been out &amp; about trying to find a job 
I hate that I don't get to tweet as much with thd new job. I miss you guys 
found a job that would be amazing,  but it doesn't relate at all to my major... 
@kpatthethird haha you know fully well that i don't have a job 
No new job. 
I wish if I can a job I love doin 
given up on looking for a job... 
Really need a job! 
@iJuanes that sucks !  well a job is a job I guess
need 2 go to job....... 
i didn't get the job i was interviewed for 
Working....I REALLY need a new job 
I need a job like now 
@ScorpionSting great  not much, just job hunting. 
need a job...badly...times are getting rough 
@maryelleuh not yet bb  they haven't called me to tell me if i have the job or not. I am really nervous :\
I want a job I enjoy 
I did not get that job 
@roxydc great spelling job drunkie. I wish I was there... 
i want a job 
#haveyouever been overworked yet underpaid? &amp; #haveyouever not complained b'coz you are afraid to lose your job 
No job offers yet 
@CarrieChute I thought I was quite good at my job  haha
really wants a new job 
just the worst job interview ever! not going 2 get that job 
I need a job 
i neeed a job 
Searching for a job still..... 
I need a job 
I want a new job 
@lisaxgoodman I too need a job really bad... 
Tired of job searching.  The search is endless. 
@MakenzieJo i'd go with you...if i had a job 
@DruPhotoDesigns I would totally be there for you if I didn't have to work. just started the new job can't ask off 
is looking for a new job 
didn't get the job 
This job is earlier 
is going to go to training for my new job, i am not that excited, 
is scared that she might not get the job that she wants   but i'm still hoping and wishing to pass
doesn't want to apply for a job at tescos.  Has it really come to this...?
I need to quit my job. 
Still needs a job 
is yawning on the job 
noooofiiiin bored i neeed a job 
might lose her job! 
is wondering about where to get a second job. It was hard enough finding just one. 
I didn't get the job 
i dont wannna go to my other job after i get out of here 
I need a job. 
Still very bummed about my job. 
@SmashMe_EraseMe because I need a job 
why is it so hard finding a job 
No new job for me ... 
i wish i was famous sometimes, then i wouldnt have to worry about searching for a job 
@little_neets I quit my job, was just not happy 
Trying to find a job! Not doing to well with it 
My bad i failed at my one job i get sorry 
#inaperfectworld i would have a job 
i want a job! 
@LemonPillows so sorry about the job  It was not meant to be.
I need a stupid job 
is still searching for a job 
@nigggy when i get a job and can pay for it myself  hah
is at my other job until 11 
job searching. 
I need a job. 
trying to get a job...  but its not working
need a job 
reeeeally wish I could find a job! 
really need a job 
I hate looking for a job!! But I need moneeeey!!! 
Is desperately lookin for a job 
If you find some you should tell me, too! I need a job 
@RamsackHames yes at my job if I didn't have to work I would of been partying with you guys  http://myloc.me/4Krd
This job. Wears me out so much sometimes... 
I need a new job. 
I need a less stressing and less frustrating job. 
I miss my job 
I hate this job... 
i tried for job at asda but got rejected  lol
looking for a job not goin to well 
i neeed a job 
@mishamouse88 I need a new job!!!! 
I need to find a job. 
Just got home from work... I really don't like my job  I think it's to look for another job :S
looking for a job is hard 
I need a job 
I did not get the job 
job hunting and driving us very exhausting 
@Itsfifibaby i came to ya job u weren't there 
I am starting to freak out because i still don't have a job 
working   I need to find a new job...
@JaXboxChick77 I'm afraid if I tried that, I'd lose my job.  Or get molested.
i hate my job! i need a new one. 
ugh, why is it so hard to find a job now? and believe me i need one bad! 
updating the resume and applying for a different job. 
Still needs a job. 
I'm never going to find a job 
Looking for a job...  Not nice...
I do not want to go to work.. I wish I had a better job  4-10
i need a second job 
I haaaaate my job 
Watching for some job 
Looking for some job 
i need moneysss  = i need a job
applying for a new job is scary 
@zeldman I need to change my job 
@MissNiccy i want a job 
dissapointed. not gettin a job after all 
Currently busy with job searching. Not much time to spend in net 
on the job...from 9 to 5 
is getting ready for her job interview 
@myfolia Just to let you know that you guys are doing a great job! 
@metaglyph I'll do it!  I need a job.  
@lovebugstudios - I don't do a very good job on this one.  
looking for a job, looking for a job... I think I'll be daft soon 
and for me. im doing a great job haha! 
and exellent job,again!  
@Qitou then I have done my job well. 
@chiaralotierzo great job! I like the OTS graphic too. 
@bjblyth get a job there 
@nachimir excellent job, really nice instructable. 
grateful to have a job 
@thirstforwine tough job you have there....if you're ever after a lovely assistant.. 
just got on active,and a job from them too shortly 
@larsupreme at least u have a job 
@Reelfans naw, he's just doing his job 
@leightonmarissa good job.. 
@marisalee32 heyyy. I've been really good :] trying to find another job but my photographys picked up  you?
Yay!!!! I got a job ! 
@trohman don't worry.you're doing a good job so far 
@turkeyburkey just doing my job 
good job! 
I really need a job. 
Because I love my job 
i'm glad we did a good job 
@nathanschultze haha. that's awesome. good job 
@clipperkid747 you like your job it seems like 
@michaelmagical A little of the job? 
@eeshkapeesh Haha. I don't even know. But like I said I'm planning on applying for another job. I'll tell you about that later. 
just applied for a job 
@tiptra aren't you giving me a job? 
@greggarbo I will buy it soon. I think that it is absolutely amazing. You did a fantastic job!!! You rock sooo much  x
@thulikesclothes not sure on that one, do i get the job 
@girlsaloudmedia I know danielle is doing a great job with it 
I have a job!!! Yay!!!! 
@Jimmyruf lol...your job is done here 
@adecas Get a job! 
@SophiaDembling - That has to be very tough. If you do a good job, you can help me with mine 
@WindyPerfection personally i think you're overachieving, but job well done all the same 
i have very sore feet but i think it's worth it cos i feel i did a good job in the job interview 
@justcreative good job! 
@juliaundchicco good job!  you're very productive. how long does it have to be?
I got the job. frootloops  yumm
chilling out b4 a job interview  x
Going to a job interview 
@vegankimber but I dont always do such a great job of it! 
is doing a good job for her MAGICABULA!! 
@dmeeno It's my job 
@natasha That is a very important job! 
has a job interview at the raddsion 
has a job interview at the raddison! 
Searching for a job 
@fucklikeminks good job you. *pats back* haha imy royyyy 
@FollowJanae the job put me here i'm just glad to be close to home 
@EAJosh well I loved it  really good job.
@alanpowell10 Aw. I was hoping you actually quit your job 
@therealTiffany i could be tawni's personal complimentor lol what a job that would be 
@akikohayashi I wish I had a job to complain about. 
imob like it's my job 
@quovadimusgirl i love it doodoo!! great job 
