Most common words for this cluster:
[('june', 728), ('may', 519), ('th', 495), ('july', 426), ('day', 184), ('august', 179), ('i', 175), ('april', 146), ('http', 111), ('time', 105), ('quot', 105), ('st', 102)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'May', 0.8966130018234253), (u'June', 0.8791010975837708), (u'April', 0.8728703260421753), (u'July', 0.8725203275680542), (u'March', 0.8662443161010742), (u'October', 0.8485676646232605), (u'August', 0.8465374112129211), (u'September', 0.8372014760971069), (u'February', 0.8318581581115723), (u'November', 0.8171288371086121)]





http://twitpic.com/2y34e - I wanna wear my Doc Martens out! Haven't worn them since December. 
I've just spent 1 hour to enter all the bureaucratic nonsense for March. What a waste of my time 
Oh no!!!!!!!!!!!!! @AzPPA just sent email for State convention...May 17-18 &amp; there was Papyrus all over it. Sad, b/c I wanted to attend! 
@dark_butterfly Not just you. I thought he looked paler, too  Probably from drama filming. Jun looks healthier than ever, though.
Wishes David Cook was coming to phoenix  trying to figure out a way to get to San diego on June 18th to see him.... I'm obsessed
Anxiously awaiting June 28th, it  can not come soon enough (my graduation ceremony).  Am not looking forward to the 10th end of my break 
@_Cube_  creepin me out dude. May have to cancel my trip to sydney now.....  LOL
@chewbeka yeah it is brutal  at least it's not until June lmao. But I'm excited, then we have to get onto another plane to Canada LOL
I have to apply for international driver licence (not for competition, of course) to go to Nurburgring in May. Must take half-day off. 
Snow in April? This sucks! 
About to go looking for shoes for my brother, looking forward to Torquay in April. Not as sunny as yesterday here 
Just wondering how much more hotter Chennai is gonna get in May! 
Cant find a laptop thats reasonably priced and has good editing software. May have to save for a few months 
WTF!?!?!? WHY is it snowing in April!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Makes school THAT much crapier 
This is a bad time to be hooked on Twilight..........11 assignments due by May 29th 
This is a bad time to be hooked on Twilight..........11 assignments due by May 29th 
It's snowing in April? I'll never get to go out and run around 
Wicked was mentioned on This morning - I heard it all the way from upstairs - Alexia Khadime is coming back in May and Kerry is leaving 
New interview about Wolfram|Alpha http://tr.im/in2l  Insanely cool. Can't wait for the launch in May  #wolframalpha #search #semantic-web
Snow in April is really depressing. 
&quot;April SNOW showers. kill may flowers&quot; 
April + Snow = 
A snow covered morning... In April. So depressing  http://twitpic.com/2yb54
Good morning. April 7th and it's snowing 
I thought it was April....Spring time, but when I woke up, it was SNOWING! 
I can't believe that it's cold outside and it's April!  It's Spring, but I had a hot winter, so now I'm going to have a cold Spring. 
dierks bentley is also comin' to Indy on Aug. 8.....geesh!! i wanna go so freaking bad 
@gingerlee  love the snow being Canadian and all but its April, should be NICE outside now.. not snowing! 
@mrjimBob She's not coming down until May 4th now 
hears it's April, but still sees February when he looks outside. Also, woke up with PVCs. Lovely.    http://twitpic.com/2yft8
@maureenjohnson April 1, I registered my blog for BEDA.  However, it has not registered on your list  How can I fix it?
@ASacco almost, but still about 2 months short. I got mine Nov.21 and even with the annual upgrade I would still have to wait. 
Watching snow fall in Winchester in April!  
@librarianlisam April SNOW showers bring brown edged tulips. To this I can attest. 
@exhibitdarfur We are disappointed that Mia Farrow had to cancel her support for the Genocide Awareness Month event in DC on April 19 
@xoh_snap June 16th!  So far away. I'm excited! BUT I might go alone, even though I bought two tix. Sadness. 
@caninez It's hard, March and April are the toughest times in school with finals and all, but yet it has March Madness and NBA Playoffs 
@alexa_chung I feel your pain! boohoo some of us have ALOT to do in Apr. 
@DeanOuellette I don't know about outdoor sports all year. Golfing in August is not pleasant  #stillnotreadyfor100degreeweatherbutluvPhx
@Pookthy @CraftyQuincy DH is going in a week  My 17mos and I are going at the end of May, going to Vancouver 1st to visit my parents.
@ShAiNaBeLu Sep 
@whoisB you know I'm just NOW seeing the @ replies you sent me in March. I suck.  I'm catching on though! =D
@obscenelove11 My Dad and Julia will be home the end of May! For two weeks only, though  I might take my vacation then &amp; I better see you!
@robbr825 ish snowing in mid April. Even MN isn't that bad 
Is mad that I'm not home in Memphis...I missed Africa in April, and the Dub car show 
Armin, 9th of May in Lebanon so when will Egypt come to your list???!!!!  #asot400
@BarryBarryBarry going to Vegas for the 1st time and learned Barry is not playing June 6-9..awe that is so disappointing..  awe
Wow, the month &quot;May&quot; completely slipped my mind. My vacation just got pushed back 31 days 
I wish I could go to Monterrey... May 17th 
praying for my niece.  She will be 15 on April 23 and after a week of being VERY ill, found out it is her gallbladder.  
@wonderjenn  I got laid off from one of my shitty jobs back in Jan. 
Upcoming events: @britneyspears Apr 29th, and DOPE on May 10th.  Missing my bff hardcore 
Fixed my account picture. That Twitter PRO April Fools thing got a lot of people. I don't keep track of dates, so I didn't realize 
@tayIorswift13 Hi Taylor! Couldnt make it 2 the CMC snowys at Thredbo  but saw it on TV. I'm comin 2 the US in July  hope 2 meet u! U rock
R.I.P. My Computer May 9th, 2008-April 18, 2009 
@mobbosskilluhb awww girl  thank you...I'm hoping to get more on it after May; Im just not confident in videos lol 
wishes she could make Melbourne on the 1st May, just not gonna happen 
@nara_sama yeah, he's been unstable since Dec.  low appetite since then.  
Still fuming over the iphone issue! From my calculations I think I am stuck with smegging 3 until Feb! 
So disappointed. Am receiving an invite to an ordination, actually Mass of Thanksgiving May 17.  Can't go, will be in class!   
Very grey morning  Off to do household chores. May squeeze an hour guitar/recording session in before before lunch.
Can't wait to see x .. ? Hannah Montana The Movie ? .. x   in Theatres  mujst wait to long  1.July  x(
Dec was dancing this morning, fell and cut his head on the edge if the table  still, got a pooh bear plaster!! http://twitpic.com/3l8ub
Scorching Indian Summer is just getting ready to burn every body by May ; My clients still want to travel to India 
@Nat2310 I thought about my future. I search for article about Midlife Crisis. May be I'm in this situation now. 
@Irisheyz77 @bethfishreads Oh no, can't believe I missed it! October is a while off now 
@Dina357 noo here the film can be seen from the day 8 May  and you? have you seen the movie?
@ozcookie Beer will have to be in June sweets  I'll be back down then before another stint in S/E Asia. I miss you guys shitloads QLD SUX
@Maso210 well, i want to come in late June, but i've heard that you might be in Portsmouth already  Is it true???
@selenagomez Selena. I live in Minnesota, and I really wanna go see you perform on May 14... but I don't think I can...  I am so suoer sad
@taylorswift13 I so wanna go to the concert you have in May in AZ! But I probably won't be able to. 
So i must admit, I am a little bummed out to find out that the Marc Ecko shoot for playboy is not going to be out till July 
May day in a nutshell: APO retreat, nap, work (nice to see you @almondjoya ), @lene, food, homework, sleep. RINSE AND REPEAT 
@BrittanyySnoww lol brittany the weed part of it isn't but most people forget that April 20th is also the birthday of that monster Hitler 
Is a little miffed - supplier just confirmed that HTC Snap not due in UK until Aug/Sept  now looking for another alternative.
don't feel ready for the exam i have tomorrow..  Guess i'll do it next June
@Susy412 cool. I get paid this friday so i'll see my money. May have to wait until loan goes in, will have 6 weeks until next pay 
REALLY?! Snowstorm in April... Not fair! 
@ideal_angels: awww such a long wait.  mmm vid. I still haven't uploaded my TBS vid from December.
Art and design Fundamental 1st week exercise due next week which is on the 29th of April  so lazy ;(
@kellyclaire Home Depot stopped theirs and Lowe's discontinues theirs in June. 
Not another driving test slot until August :S..... Going to wait for someone to cancel  .... I'm never going to pass!
Sad I won't be @citcon Minneapolis at the end of the week  on the other hand, there is CITCON Paris in September! Yay! http://is.gd/q4HE
Awake. The crap of the past day has my head spinning. At this rate, sleep won't come until July. 
Ravenatic &amp; MCs P.G.R LIVE @ B2T at The Sanctury 12th April 2009! http://www.badongo.com/file/14556026 . Hear the broken mixer!  rofl
I'm not allowed to go tonight   Have a glass for me June
Aww. &quot;This mail is confirmation that your subscription to Windows Live OneCare Beta has been cancelled on Tuesday, 21 April 2009.&quot; 
I didn't win the NKOTB contest.  But I've met them, and I will again on June 2nd and see them from the 11th row. So I'm good.
@officialjobros http://twitpic.com/4diat - really upset because i live in Australia JONAS doesn't come out till June 
@PelleB Great with some FireWorks. In Denmark it's only allowed to use fireworks between 1st and 31st December. 
@Wolverine811 Thank you following me I saw the trailer of Walverine now. But...It will start on this September in Japan 
@mistressmia hey babe! Missed u at #rockplat  yes back in aus June august nov. Will u be around?
@stephtara Ahh, I can beat that. Support ticket to @twitter Jan 26-confirmed not fixed. Mar 12 they marked it fixed-no change on problem! 
I cant wait to see SEVEN POUNDS. Missed it in the movies. But it comes out this May, 19th at my video-dealer...Germany is kinda late 
Going to a friend's wedding tonight. Perturbed by the potential for the ceremony transcending the promulgated time. May miss the classico 
So, watched videos from the @jonathancoulton concert from last July in #CLE, finished my pogo badges...  good morinng! Now work. 
Umf  Yuvashakti is full on 14th May Manali trek. Will ha to wait till 24th :x
@kevin_vincent I won't be coming tonight  Talk to the band about playing acoustic on June 19th &amp; let me know what's up
Headed to the river... but radar looks like some iffy weather around Knoxville. May be cut short       &lt;&quot;))&gt;&gt;&gt;&lt;
@TrustEnabler Thanks for the heads-up! iMac is even awesome... when it does not freeze. May be problem with graphics card.  
@shaunjumpnow do you know, we went to Canberra to get firworks, and all the firework shops are closed till July 
@KrystynC I love THe Game like seriously.  They won't know until May 2o something as of whether it's being taken off.  I will be crushed 
Coke is all gone  uh oh. May go to spar...
Busy afternoon in garden/orchard. Too little rain in April, only about a quarter of normal 
Oh noooo, Mindy is leaving in June   what to do0o0o
@staceycraighead sounds like fun!  I'm finally going to the city at the end of May. I'm sad I'm gonna miss all of my Princeton peeps 
Sooo thrilled to hear Floyd Mayweather is coming out of retirement!  Only bad part is I'll be in a campground in Yellowstone July 18.  
I suppose this Niagara Falls downpour we're now having is a result of the sunny April we had...? 
Okay I think sickness is all in my head. But my poor comp is actin up.   I'm actually kinda tired tonite.May go to bed soon.I dunno though
Obama will be at the Beverly Hilton on May 27th (I think).Tickets ar $15,000 (that amount is not a typo).  Maybe they'll need volunteers 
May concert is all over  never have I cried so much. Love all my teamgirls
We get ripped off in Oz cause everything comes late! J.O.N.A.S doesn't come out till June 
@joesephjonas @jonasbrothers Australia is so behind we don't get J.O.N.A.S until June   I can't wait 2 c it! the sneak peak was so funny!
is going to bed after a very sad day. Rest in Peace Baltazar Bradley Barron IV August 1st, 1998 - April 26th, 2008 
Not feeling the best. Im a lil upset about @mileycyrus's concert on 1st of May that i was gonna go to but cant afford 
Gotta head home soon!  bye bye Dublin until June!
working out NZMM itinerary, Colapsing cities only 1 show  on Thursday, and...what? no Clap Clap Riot or Cut off your hands? FMP June 
@aneD We let out July 3. Can make a bit of difference but we get tourists who take over domestic sales. Tourists don't buy furniture tho' 
I missed April 30th. I am a bad heathen. I really need to swot up again  Will spend the rest of the day feeling sorry for myself.
Disaster. One of my HDDs has died. Luckily I haven't lost many wedding pics but I have lost every other photo since mid January. Gutted 
@PaterickSchmede BWAAAAHAHAHAHA!!! I wanted it to b May18th *My Bday* But lookin ass like its gonna b June 
@Shongz Don't rightly know... I mightn't even be going!  BUNAC have til 10th May to get me a contract, and til then I have no idea... why?
I just can't wait for July. Just skip tomorrow, please 
My Starbucks in Mableton on Veterans Memorial Pkwy that was going to close in March is now closing on May 10. 
@radioxshow Our budget varies month to month.. :-/  Usually between 400 to 600 a month.. Give or take.. April was not our month though. 
I forgot to blare JoCo's &quot;First of May&quot; on May 1st. 
1 weekend of May done. Work, Long weekend, and work are my next 3 weekends ...... yay! 
@LanieW Um May 27  sucks..
Stay tuned on DNA and fake heart, etc. I keep talking it up, but it's ~ a week off. Robo-bat is done, but not being released untl July. 
It's true, our annual leave has been suspended indefinitely. Goodbye, July vacation. 
I miss Sr. Bible Camp.  I want to go back in June. Someone want to float me a hundred bucks for a week of fun? thought not. durn.
So sad.. our very dear friend and brother, Jan went to be with the angels today 
drooling at the list of wine events for May in Beijing.... so many wines, so little time 
 Jonas Brothers 3D Concert Movie is out on the 7th of May and i can't go because of school interviews.  BUT i'LL see it sat!!(Hopefully)
Another infomercial has started  Time for me to turn it all off and get some rest. May as well take advantage of the peace and quiet here.
@amiemccarron It's very cool! It's a bummer that I can't go up to Auckland on July 10th 
Morning, off to Henly May Fair today to ahve my photo taken for the Arts Trail - I do not like having my photo taken 
@Joshuah_Pearson not until October..  
@smrutis ah i totally want to see Moon! imdb says it's not released until Sept?! 
It's like last June all over again...    RIP Rustee...  At least you're reunited with your buddy Traci now...
@vavroom About that for me too. But follows pinched cervical nerve since Aug '06 which had about the same effect 
@GabeHumble I agree  Though I wanna fast forward to the end of June. Fuck high school not ending till then.
Welcome to the ghost town/office as its May day holiday 
@natalietran I wanted to go see Jay Chou in concert cause he is coming to Sydney in July but it costs too much.. 
@Veggie_ started about October 2008 but I don't shoot every week once in a while last time I shot was jan. Ithink  my work hours stink!
ok, i'm out. good night! sorry Chan  I'm a flake. I'll make it up to you in July!
May you RIP my dear friend. 
Just realized that Henry Z. Steinway is gone last September. Sad. 
@c3o would _love_ to join Hackathon, but I'm not available until June 
@create_havoc don't say thattt. i'm 21 in October  aw from The Calling?
Dammit... Go:Audio on tour again this year, and guess when? October of course!  Uni is more trouble than its worth...
misses my kitty, my heart hurts.    RIP Tatjana, June 1996 - May 2009
B****y YT copyright thing. Since April half of my favs are no longer there. 
@Pink am on gig come down now  roll on Oct! thanks 4 the shows, things have been rough this past yr &amp; its nice 2 lose myself 4 few hrs! xx
May the 4th be with you #starwarsday Still feeling rough 
Want to be at Wembley on September 19th... Life is so cruel. 
is so ready for the summer. May have to cancel ATL trip... 
@dagadong English with Creative Writing, strictly. I graduate on the 18th of June. 
I lost my Brother in Feb 27...I sure miss him.  
@illBLvnDW4Evr32 lol my first concert was Sept. 23rd 2008! i  never got see them back in the day. 
My parents are official home aloners after June 3rd. Dang.. That's actually kinda sad. No loud music,no flat iron smell, no sister/fam &lt;3 
Come on 30th of May-the end of semester one seems so close, yet so far away  
@forlyrics Just think: we will rock the house in October. The Haunted Mansion was closed when I went due to technical difficulty. 
I registered my European SIM card to use Twitter. Follow @EuroJones to get updates as we travel May 19-June 18. Updates only, no @replies 
Been looking for a ticket to the NHL draft in Montreal in June. No luck so far 
Oh yes, sad news - I appear to have lost my Zune sometime between Fri. 1 May and Sat. 2 May, somewhere between Southampton &amp; Warsash.  
@DebbieFletcher me and my mate[who turned 20th last night and broke her leg  ] are going to Sherwood to see McFly in June, come too! xxx
@baditz17 oh bout May 30. I replied sa thread. Id love to come but  may family camp kami eh  sayang ;-(
@kimtagg idk im starting school November pa. June spot's full  Anyway, balik na!!! FF: @DontLetGo14 : @myucan91 lets have an SHS Reunion!
@Nayab13  May your Cat rest in peace.
@betchaboy - only in their christmas puddings maybe . . . I was looking for a shilling for my dad's collection when I was there in Feb 
Going to my Grandmas to celebrate Mothers day.. its cold and rainy  Its supposed to be May =[
I wanna see the friday night boys again! but there not coming to jersey anytime soon  anyone wanna go to Philly to see them July 2?
@littlemunchkin Not really  But I'm (hopefully) going away with pals to Kos in July if we can find a bargain!
Sooo...FOB is having a signing downtown on May 16. That's the same day as Rites of May (and I'm taking Alex!) Why must I choose?!? 
@SebastianDavies Yea, shes not impressed that I havnt done anything with it since September, which is probs why!  your stomach still ok?
awhh.   going home from Vegas. :'(      but im going back in June
@MsJadis I'm flying to LAX on the 9th of June, staying until the 24th - will we miss each other? 
Well, looks like I got the numbers all wrong... again  BUT (drumroll) there's actually an extra 250 Billion to be spent before July! 
June 14 2007-May 9 2009 RIP Digital Camera of mine. We had some good times. 
No Framing Hanley in June anymore  Still have Anberlin to look forward to, though!
blah. Basically, May is the time of year where I have no life @ all. Choose that...or no sleep. 
I can't find my Pharrell sweater   I don't care if its May and I shouldn't be wearing one anyway.
AC is out @ our apt once again... Neverending problem since the middle of April  Maintenance needs to get right!! Ugh
@cooliphoneapps1 Not yet.  But... June! Soon!!! 
I want it to be February 2010. I want to go to Disneyland NOW. 
just recorded a song! Btw I'm banned from FP til July... 
@Aprilblanche WOOO HOOO  Party Hearty.  One of your items was backordered until 30 May.  
Can anyone home a cat until June 6th?  Ash and I are in dire need of an escape. 
Another magazine in trouble, iD goes down to 6 issues a year from September 
@XavRub oh no you right  they star in January. BALLS!
Bride I'm doing in July just emailed me her colourscheme and pics of dress. Different shades of green. She's going to look like a tree 
@radha_ Me too haven't had a day off since the month of May  Really need a break. So what plans lined up for the weekend?
Just watched the weirdest Bones ever. I hate waiting until September to see the next one. 
@hypnophil Yes it's a bit naff for May!  Started off well yesterday, was really sunny, then rain 
No need for a cold vs allergy test.  Shocked at how many times I got sick since Jan. (I noticed that my classmates were frequently sick.)
RIP Wobbly Bob Dec 2004 - May 2009 
@SoftToy I'm not coming over to great escape any more!  My showcase got canceled cause of the venue. See you in June though! xx
Niece is now due on the 7th September, I wanted a nephew 
and winning free tixs to our party on Feb27th which mite i add she didnt attend..ouch  @inilya
@mikasounds Love the new Vblog ....  makes me wanna see you so bad now ... roll on June 8th .... Must have patience ... but it's hard  
@evilsense Probly'll dwnld this weekend. A lot of season finales this week to get too. Sad that many series wont restart till September 
Has just realised that I don't have a free weekend until 1st August. This is fucking ridiculous 
Of course there is a downside as well. Opening a connectivity port for XI, requested in March... Still not working  Affects 3 use cases.
Couldn't sleep last night and my allergy (if it's an allergy) is back. Athens is unbearable! It's way too hot and it's still May.. 
@aconybell: I think I'm developing TMJ - unfortunately my benefits don't kick in until July 1st 
Memphis in May BBQ festival today! Pigs love MUD!! 
I recieved my very first Bzz Campaign last night. I am so very excited to start the bzz, but I have to wait until the end of June 
Ahhh. No more Supernatural until September.  I hate season finales...
April showers bring may flowers  won't stop raining in Sammamish
@etheya I reckon it'll be around Feb 2010 when the Final Season starts....  waaaaay too long 
@Shayminn May 23rd is my birthday &amp; I'd love to be in Derry...but I'll be here working...  enjoy the trip!!
It was very windy and snowing last night &amp; it's 30 degrees, windy &amp; misting outside right now.  Dear Winter, GO 'WAY! #spring #snow #May
I am apparently being punished for missing that exam in Jan by loosing out on both my Jan and July ema bonuses. Rub it in, bastards 
At the 2010 lexus HS250h press event.  Again, can't tell you anything...until May 26th..   #fb
My girl Michelle spoke at The University of California at Mercer for graduation  A&amp;T needs to put her down for May 2011
@MrsTysonRitter jewdie! Im on effing quarters so I'm not done until June 12 
@MrsTysonRitter jewdie! Im on effing quarters so I'm not done until June 12  -
@bweeshoff Can't  Still under alcohol ban, until August.
@LeslieLang My son needs 4 more inches to ride many rides   but pretty sure were heading off in July.
@StealsDeals According to the Redbox website they are carrying it now! New code available June 1st. They're moving to monthly now. 
@ameliedoll you're right - I'm just trying to fool myself. I still have readings and presentations left.  summer will really be in Sep.
cheapest tickets for Journey on Aug. 1 are $68... 
mhm,, FloridaSunWouldBeVERYgoodRightNow, to bad i wont be there till Sept- if even that 
@nickovdw I miss you guys! I saw Cobra in November, but have since frothed at the mouth for a bad film club, but I'm in the states. 
Hooray for the 17th of May! *As a good and proper nationalist I take issue with how this DOESN'T rhyme in Norwegian...  *
Considering Phoenix in mid October, Lisbon in late October and slated fro California in August. Missing the Patty Loveless Lyon concert 
@squirrel4hk Feb next year   
is it only so hot in PetachTikva? yesterday i was &quot;cooked&quot; in Afula and today here.. and it's only May 
Cricket off, won't get to play for the Min until the end of June now 
I'm only getting my AA shirts in June. Spreer flies off tomorrow and I paid too late. 
@wittertainment Hey guys, what time exactly are your second batch of Edinburgh tickets going on sale on Friday 22nd May??? I cant miss it 
@myfabolouslife awe im coming from the UK to Miami but not til 6th June 
@tiffcathcart Last week! She's going on a roadtrip with her rents from the 22nd July...  BOO!
Was going to take a Spring Interim course in Strategic Planning, but it got canceled due to lack of signups.  Off the hook till August.
Parade lap underway. May have spoken too soon - looks like the '21 car isn't ready  #WTCC
Blue October was FANTASTIC. Almost got into 2 fights....both with guys. I dont like michigan 
We were suppose to perform at the UEFA finale in June, but it was cancelled, it's sucks like hell! 
ldlkjdga i wanna see BLG on June 22nd but i can't  
Driving my best friend to the airport  August 9 won't come fast enough. Someone shoot me now please. Another bummer summer.
@itsabell Never. And I finish everything by middle July... --' Maybe this autumn, don't know if I can but I WANT to  and 2 for you? where?
buuh today should be the day to all the people in Monterrey  dont worry July 31 is gonna be the best day 4 u and  @JonasBrothers
Emma's going to fly to Alaska ALONE in June.....my baby 
@notPopular Have Broken Heart.  please tell me this is a delayed April Fools joke.....
@GMThree HAHA I only came home for my Bestfriend's grad party... But I'll b back 4 summer @ the end of May. I'm takin a summer class 
time to start looking for a plane ticket to Nashville in July. I won't be able to be there for the whole week 
Chillin on this COLD sunday...stoopid Canada! Its way too cold for May 
now on chapter 8 in my C++ book  May need to read my PHP one now 
@UnsignedDebut Your welcome  I gotta support!! Umm it will be a year in June. 
I will have a six pack by July. If not abs, then beer. I don't even like beer, so that will be my punishment 
@rny_alison Yep I'm a NYer so apples, cider, pumpkins, leaves changing color, crisp nights. CA is still HOT in October 
@Feliantique Awww. He's so sensitive. I lovee Cook. &lt;3 I was supposed to see him in August. But we don't have money. 
@linnel15 nah gurl, it's scheduled for the 13th of June! I'm scared! I have an incredibly low pain tolerance 
@J4yZ33 18th May 1980. Check ur computer's date 
@riotgirlxo nah  I'm moving in Aug. I have a summer job here
ok off to hospital. first time since Jan,  nervous but know I need the ass kicking
Still missing some book covers for our June issue. Why won't I get them? Okay, I was late in requesting them. 
Up is only opening here in August? I wish our movie distributors would stop postponing Pixar movies for holidays. 
Netball cancelled due to rain  There goes one more source of procrastination. May cook dinner again tonight instead.
@JustA_Girl No, no there isn't.  It'll be another year before that comes out. But the collected short stories are coming out in October!
- Is not looking forward to the next 6 weeks of hell (summer session I @Temple)   June 30th can't come soon enough...
Found out today the Pepsi Throwback line gets discontinued the first or second week of June 
R.I.P Benjy Mouse. 6th September 2008 to 18th May 2009 
@_idioteque Exams suck  I handed 1st piece of MRes work in on Fri. Not got anything to hand in until Sept now, then diss Sept after that!
New The Mars Volta album in June? Yes please! Come to Norway too while you're at it, I can't go to Roskilde damn it 
I just learned that Dom DeLuise died on May 4th.  
I think I'm gonna have a new boss. The shuffling is so on this June. Oh no. Crash 
Ugh monday after payday, DD's mean i no longer have  money  Bring on November when I pay off my car!
@hsabomilner it's May 2-4 and I missed it? Boo hiss. I want my cottage country. Now. 
The temperature here in western PA fell into the 20's over night   wow that is cold for May
@vodafoneNZ What's the date of the info on the coverage tool? Will it be up to date with all 3G active at 31 May? (Ohakune still 2G only 
@PreciousParcels I'm sure he'll love it! My twins will start in September - if the preschool hasn't closed  We find out tonight ..........
WOW i just noticed tht 2day Mon.May 18,2009 students report 2 skool by 10:30a so i am rushin 4 no reason  its 7:37
Seriously! Its May! First alot of rain, now its only forty degrees. 
@gina_pina_14 I have four days of exams in June which I am NOT prepared for!  SBA is 1 year old soon! Big party!
No, there isn't.  It'll b 1 yr b4 #10 comes out. But the Sookie collected short stories r coming out in October! (via @VivatRegina) THX!!
Headed back to WKU for a May term class 
Enjoy your May 2-4 less a half dozen...I'm on the way to work 
afternoon everyone, hate the rain here in Glos today  drip drip drop little April showers! only a month late!
@SLHamilton I don't think I'm going to be able to make it down there this weekend.  First weekend of June?
Wolfram Alpha for my birthday: &quot;Notable events for March 28, 1977no known major notable events).&quot; What about me being born?! 
@pviktor No idea from Play as to when it will despatch. Amazon estimate stock on 23 May. 
hasst the fact that she can eat well! Huhu.. May eating disorder na ata ako.  http://plurk.com/p/ukn38
On July 8th you will almost quite be shouting in Michael's concert and i'll be all alone at the bottom of my bed... 
between Pitt-Start and the hospital, I don't have a day off until May 30th.  ...p.s. let's go pens!
Just found out my sister is leaving the UK on 27th June, so only 3 weeks available to see her before she heads to Oz. Come over all sad 
@PreciousParcels Know what you mean. James has a taster day tomorrow at the local nursery where he'll start in Sept. Sniff sniff here too 
I am so excited for Nine!!!!! Why does November have to be so far away? 
@serenity74 yeah right when another season for me starts &amp; I have one Helluva time getting days off.  Hell Im laid off from Nov to April
i want to lose at *least* 20lbs by the 26th of July. Eating a chocolate chip cookie for breakfast is not going to cut it.  I hate myself
@timbuckteeth I want. If I hadn't started mine in Jan. 
another excitement to come! Pussycat Dolls' concert here in the Philippines on June 11 ! :&quot;&gt; WHEEE! But still misses the davids here. 
Why is it the same everytime I try and stop smoking? Get to 5th week and moods get so bad I have to give in. May be same today 
@JamasaMcPherson Nicki just hit me up,,,, she might be performing in Orlando with Gucci Mane in July... I probably won't be here 
@evillemur I can't donate until Jan 
Finish maths this morning, Management tomorrow...so it finally begins! but soo long til it ends!  [25th June] Freedom day
I won't be seeing Ali in June after all.....very disappointed  
@farocks 31st May! I won't be in SG though!  Check out http://www.museums.com.sg/imd09/index.htm
@Rominha28: Just checked the dates for the Jacko delay, u guys were going on 10th right? Ur tix r delayed til March 2010... 
@RedMummy Was pulled over on way to work - turns out my MOT expired on 1st March 
Going to Jantaburi tonight. Big shooting for Thai Film &quot;October Sonata&quot; Will definitely miss this week #FollowFriday 
Just heard Rexam Plastic has closed with a loss of 70 jobs.  Last day is the 12th June - What bad news for the end of the week 
hopes to find a copy of Mom's Today May-June 2009 issue tomorrow  http://plurk.com/p/vgajs
 They said school's off. Have to wait til after 1st June ;-(
@blindoldfreak on June 10th in San Fran. I dont know if i'll be able to stay so late coz of the commute  and i would do anything to meet u
@UnaRocks Thanks for link. Sigh. I think my September gig tickets will b for 1010 sometime if it happens at all 
NBC is reporting the dollar is at its lowest against the Euro since Jan. 
@Modeaton They told me I have Gestational Diabetes yesterday.  Connor is due June 17th..Not soon enough! LOL
OK...Quite bummed right now. I TOTALLY forgot that I had an insurance payment due May 19th!  It's the 22nd...Dang it!!  
@libraryninja Shame   so did we.  If she wins maybe you can meet her at the Awards Ceremony in November
History revision =  @The_Blackout playing in my ears = epic win  29th May FTW! - 1 week 
Off to a day of demos of spring home maint tips then...vacation in the black hills of SD.! May not take the bikes  looks like rain
Can it be the weekend yet? May be one of the rare super-duper fridays but its still dragging like crazy 
I thought the tablet was coming this June  Darn  you Apple... http://bit.ly/F1QHG
@SLessard where is Boyd on the new album, he's almost non-existent.  At least on the April Sessions. 
@LeaAnn1214 Lol I know I am a horrible person lol! Yea I tried to get tickets to the June second date but you have to be a ffa member 
@vatchea Wow, you must be psychic. I was actually looking at flights. Kinda steep over the weekends in June, $400+. 
@caffeinebomb I am now  I just checked my g-diary (my pda is dead) and I'm visiting a friend&amp;at a gig in Birmingham on the 26th June 
@Bhooshan ahhh.... I would be there in toronto till 1st June.. sad 
Is wishing she were off on monday.. What wasi thinking in Jan when I agreed to work.. 
@batgirl86 Yes! But i know it can't happen. already have vacation in June.  Maybe one day!
I work  and i'm on call two days that week. what about June 6th or 7th? We could go crazy in the dells! And about Mj..i like his glove
Today would've been my pacemaker surgery day   Rescheduled for June 15th pending insurance approval.  Crossing fingers!
@TheWeightSaint Go to work. I've been unemployed since February 6, and can't seem to land another job. 
@OzAtheist oh crap, it's going to have to be in early June, mate - I have all this work to finish this weekend and prep for Melb. 
@tommcfly You do know it's just May, right? Christmas is half a year away 
May22-early finish but no meet @ Bracknell this eve  poorly day,bad head and griping stomach ? ulcer, or some1 putting pins in my efergy.
@nsbqman *nods* it's going to be very happening.  Come Dec and I will be sitting for Financial reporting &amp; Corporate law paper. -shudder-
@cottoncandyq8 7yach allah.. but tawne saweet hosha ishkoborha o still my husband says no way before Sep  n7ees
Just hoping June stays strong Had 1 show postpone til Aug/Sept Boo! 
*sniff* probably wont be able to come to Bits and Pixels in June - its Dad's 50th with a party and relatives from qld visiting 
@Brroooke Oh and bad news Samantha took June 19th off her schedule  Hopefully she will reschedule...I will let you know what I find out.
The bike sharing pilot is over  but cheer up because the Melbourne bike sharing adventure is only starting!Industry forum on June 15
@tankstudio Unfortunately we're not having a public opening  We'll be open from Jun 5 though - come visit then and say hi!
A Page A Day In The Month Of May is almost over   What's next?  What rhymes with June?  I got nothin but I'm still thinkin!
@ian_gregory Yeah, and archie is gonna propose to veronica in issue 600, coming out in September 
@ZackRabbit Oh no no. I can't fit a crayon in my hand - my fingers don't bend very well  We just thought ur May 19 cartoon too cute!
I'm going to miss my late night Jay fix after June 1st... 
@askmanny @Macley03 Up is being released in Korea at 30th July!  It's too late.. I can't wait..
Doing a study on September 11 and watching live news reports of the attacks on YouTube. Heartbreaking 
@tarajan98 I could do Aug 22-24!  No Fridays off and no 4 days weekends until October   Could maybe negotiate Aug 21 off (I'm owed 1 day)
Looks like if our Japan stay is extended beyond Dec it may only be for a few mths  At least we wouldn't be moving back to Oz in Summer!
ticket home ?  June 15th-23rd....but.....will be missing Simo's birthday. 
@brookeiloveyou Actually... we don't...  MTV Asia is airing it on June 12. (
Mustache May is coming to an end 
@Jason_Rembert I already did. Tonight before I saw that. I saw it like 2 days ago &amp;told him to look for me mid June for it. I'm upset now 
Is it September yet ?? I miss my Greys anatomy already 
Life kept me from early bed. No 360 till June 14  my dad had a hissy fit about whatever &amp; and took it out on me 
@letsgeticecream I miss you!  Come to Michigan like now....I can't wait till July 
@hobosexual lol.  When I went to buy my new laptop in Feb., I already knew, lol, but I looked anyway and walked away sadfaced. :/
@Sageey My public talk in July got canceled and I don't know why. 
@zaam It's is in the July issue of OXM... so I don't have anything to link you to right now 
I miss Feb 23rd 2008  best night of my whole entire fucking life. I'd rather re-live that night then win $1million.
@upcomingpixar Too bad we're in Sweden where Up isn't up on the theaters  here until October 
can't believe he has to wait till October to see &quot;Up!&quot; when Americans get to see it this weekend. 
has just booked her appointment to give blood 18:20pm 2nd June! Scared 
I definitely feel sorry for Jamie Stewart... Amsterdam audience can really suck (www.xiuxiu.org and read his post of May 27th  )
made dentist appointment. 9th of June. feel sick and nervous already  However. Ibprofen, Paracetemol and Codeine are my friends. *sigh*
@speedysari I know   But maybe by then you will have forgotten about it, and it will be like Christmas in July!!
Found out I have to go to the US again in August. Getting tired of transatlantic flights. Not good for my carbon footprint either 
Sold bikes faster than expected, and we are running out of sizes.    Luckily the single speeds are on the ocean now! ETA -  EO June.
@maya_banks &quot;Something must be wrong. Only found 17 July Harl/Sil books I wanted 
@principalspage Grrr. We don't finish until July 3rd. 
@Mandelin Omg i'm on a one year work permit! Going home end of June...i'm really gna miss it   #canada
@reflective aww... sorry for both of you.  May the LORD give you strength and rest today!
Plane tickets to UK and everywhere to Europe are BEYOND cheap (for June-Oct!!), but there's NO gig in the near future announced yet 
Plane tickets to UK and everywhere in Europe are BEYOND cheap (for June-Oct!!), but there's NO gig in the near future announced yet 
Ordered a new computer! Unfortunately it won't get here until the end of June. 
has two tickets to Amadou and Miriam for Tue. June 2 that I can't use  $25 each to anyone who wants 'em. That's face value. Should be good
Countdown to launch! June 2nd is oh so temptingly close ... If only my lovely puter weren't so faaaaar away 
Exams are kinda near. Just a week more. 2 Projects yet to be submitted  and almost failing in one of the subjects. May ALLAH save me
@Annie713 It's ugly and gray outside even in San Diego. Not too cold, will get to 70, but May-gray June-gloom for us all 
I just saw 22nd of June and it make me think of Jenny  I miss her so much  ...
@Bronte9 Hugs to hubby! I'll probably be in the same place come the 1st of September. 
@skybluetom4 Ha Ha thanks Tom! I'm such a loser! Hopefully going on the 22nd June till 3rd July...what date u goin? u missing helen?  x
Is wondering what happened to the sun? Damn May grey! 
Off to NC tonight until June 7th! I'm going to miss NYC   Getting ready for my 21st birthday Luau BBQ on JULY 11TH!!!!!!!!
No Yonkers news posts until June 2 because the newspaper furloughed me 
@cloudconnected Actually I think the NA release date was confirmed for September so it's a bit more of a wait. 
@Pink Oh I beg of you to add just a 3rd nite in Dublin in October... PLEEEEEEEASSSEEEEEEE 
@Octo77 staying in, hve June exams 4 docent training class ,need to study  , we hvng zombie movie sunday aftrn, u both shld come over!
YAYAYYAYAYAY Toy Story 3 is coming out. June 18, 2010 though 
Just found out that Mad Men season 3 is delayed until August. 
@mtmodular Pixies - Number 13 gives me such an energy rush. They are playing a festival close to me in June, but work won't me me go 
@xkathyxrocksx  SAimee 26 july, Underage festival 2 August, i found some others but they were too far away 
@Lionel_richie I also saw u on American Idol great performance, I see u will be at Windsor in June 20 Commodores won't be there 
@INVAZN me too  Thats why im driving down to Cali in July for HIN Pleasanton.
Only two weeks left at my middle school gig.   Full-time work over the summer, but Teaching Credential begins at the end of August!
Just got my paycheck... April bonus can b deposited 2day the rest, gotta wait til Mon. 
Comp. Mental Health wouldn't take me. Samuel Rogers center in the city gave me appt. On June 8th. I have 2 days worth of pills left  &lt; ...
Steve Aoki  sorry. May b nxt time.
Brought cat to specilist. May be ectopic uritors. Doing ultrasound. Surgury would be &gt;$2000. may need to take him back to humane society 
Oh... according to mom dad is going to try and take 2-3 weeks off in Sep. to go to Austira, and just wrap a vacation into it as well lmao 
I want Dec to be my dad 
Im worried, not in a happy place right now   Deadline for important discussion 1st June :/
Duncan finally got his orders... leaves for Iraq in September. Open invite to stay with me anytime during the year he'll be gone 
@Zo_E Aw. well im sorry you don't like July for those reasons 
Aaarrrgh! I sooo want to see @johnlegend at MSG in August but dammit the decent seats are expensive. Booooooo recession! 
 Realized that ManagingOnlineForums hasn't been reviewed on AMZN in May! I'd love if someone would share their thoughts! http://is.gd/JolG
Harley passed away in December 2008  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/616974
Brand new is playing at the epicenter in July when I'm in NY. Jesse lacey why do you hate me? 
17 Again was actually quite good considering...off to bed now. Long day tomorrow. June 12th...please come soon (but not too soon) 
@RealJudgeJules Gutted your not playing Kos in July Jules 
Can't believe preseason doesn't start until August  football with drawls..
Thinking about Debra leaving in July. 
@LisaSpangenberg sadly @Dawno isn't me. It's some1 w/ 1 follower 1 update &amp; hasn't used Twitter since May 1, '07  I wanted that name, too
Liked &quot;I quit smoking in September of last year after 40 years - I hope one day I won't miss it  snivel whine&quot; http://ff.im/-3nVYG
Chris Brown Court trial June 22, 2009. Hopefully this will be the last court date bcause. This is getting on my last nerve 
@beex3 Aww, that's good that your cat's doing better! But yeah, we put Cookie down in Sept and it sucked so bad. I still miss her a lot. 
@tiffchn Tiff, when will we meet??1 day to go before June! hehe! txt. my fon was busted for2 weeks so i might have missed any of ur msgs. 
I'm quite annoyed, no really annoyed that the UK isn't getting Up until October 
@daisyMSPH omg I can't believe I didn't see that until we left  ohh well, Sept is just around the corner haha.
@lynnnein Gah! DD is overtired &amp; is just wanting to play when I'm in her room. May just have to let her cry a bit 
Liked &quot;I quit smoking in September of last year after 40 years - I hope one day I won't miss it  snivel whine&quot; http://ff.im/-3nVYG
I can't believe Buffett cancelled October... 
-- Apparently I have to wait til June 5  I want some of Paolo's Candy nooooooooow
@jessmendoza I agree, I think she was safe too.  I wish I was there in person, but moved away in Dec.  
I won't be going to the June 3rd Modwheelmood show in LA after all  Anyone need a ticket? I'll still be going to the June 10th show in SF!
@TheRealJordin I almost went to O'Connor before you became an idol! lol but i moved  and i will see you July 13th!
One of the great things about teaching is that soon I'll leave office politics until mid-August. Still doesn't make up for the low pay! 
@joscie Awwwww, mine has been make since February.  Rebuilding motor, again.
School starts in June 8. I'm going to be so busy. 
Just got done with the Fam celebratin Jun bdays, it's sad to see my grandma getting so forgetful, couldn't remember who had bdays n June 
Just got sad all of a sudden. Alot going through my mind.   I just want it to be July 4th weekend already. 35 more days! Off to bed now.
@nytimeskristof Disappointed we have to wait until Sep to read  but yes so cool
So this is what June holds: Kilt, shirt, boots, tix, and bills... looks like I'll be broke naxt month too. 
Last night I found out that Yahoo 360, the site where I started my rise to online prominence, is shutting down as of July 13. 
Nooo! Up is scheduled to be released in Italy on October 16. 
Just found out Ashley Tisdale's Limited Edition CD's release date has been pushed back to 28th July 
Chilling w/ May &amp; the boys @ homie's crib! Never seen my Fave like that. I still miss him.. 
Just finished watching 4 seasons of Bones in a week trying to play catch up only to realise the 5th seaon doesn't start until September 
Can't run all the time &amp; I won't be watching much rugby in June  http://www.suite101.com/course.cfm/18511/lessons
May is almost over.  *I &lt;3 Cupcake*
Our school's until June 30th!  Another month of studying.! so tired.. but it's ok..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was under the impression UP! would be released tomorrow but it seems not to be until October. How disappointing 
Sad cause this is the last day I'll be traveling for a show until July 
@skydiver  welcome to June Gloom 
Another season of The Amazing Race is over. No more till September 
needs a new weekend DJ gig. The place I'm currently at is closing at the end of June! 
@ColieM0nster end of June       What day ?? And with who ?? I need details ...
I fell asleep! Woke up by the Imperial Death March (ie. mr_r on the phone) all disorientated, thought it was a weekday 
@paerole So jealous.  I'm so sad I didn't get to go over March Break.
not a good day. Taking Austin to visit his dad. Won't be back until July 15. Trying to avoid crying in front of him.... 
I can see my future in June that I have less Xbox Live time. 
@megg_xo yeah, ahaa. Terra mitica is closed october well have to go September 
@MBrunnette I wish I could be there! I'm back in WI for the summer... I won't be up in MN again until I take a trip up June 21. 
spending 1 last day at home with my sisters! Cara leaves tomorow for the WHOLE summer...she won't be home until August 3rd. makes me sad 
@scarboy Trying to work out flights for coming back home in December. Not much fun really...gonna cost over $1000 
EU parliamentary elections on June 4 - only Eurovision matches the scale of the trans-national voting. Don't know who the candidates are. 
Wow. Looking at the weather for the next 10 days, I can see it's not going to be a shpadoinkle day until October or so. 
I wanna go to the Every Avenue &amp; Valencia concert on June 25th soooo bad. I wish it wasnt 3 hours away 
Torchwood not until July 
Awesome. I just got told I'm being laid off as of Fri unless I can find a transfer first.  Last week I was told I was getting hrs in July.
just packed all the under-21 KC activities into two days. Now what? Still waiting for mid-June. 
@namakemono49 I want a Dec hug! 
@nickjonasizmine Nope. St Paul's gets out June 11th  haha I'm hanging in there.
Ah no, Dec won't get a hug 
@LyshaB Believe me I wish the same thing.. ahaha I was actually going to LA on June 12 but not anymore 
oh man.Wanted to buy a ticket for lady gaga, but they are sold out..  .whatever.I'm just happy to have a ticket for P!nk on November,28th
This May-Gray weather in Cali really blows.  Next up, June-Gloom... 
@jordanknight IM trying so hard 2 win Vip tics 2 June T-dot show,meet/greet,watch u rehearse 4 a bit..maybe if I wish on a star tonight! 
The June Gloom has already moved in. 
@djadam12 is the virgin megastore still open ? They have RECORDS !!! Was there in April but they were saying it was gonna close 
Trying to plan a trip to Newport, RI in August-no good deals to be had on hotels that I can find 
@mallmus  Very sorry to hear that dude. May he rest in peace...
is mourning his Xbox Elite. April 29, 2007 to May 30, 2009. You will be missed.  Should I replace with his bigger and red-er brother now?
@Soph4Soph  they found her lymphatic glands to be very enlarged. May be cancer 
Can't believe it's already June. Hurry up december !! 
Byeeeeee Ant and Dec. 
@mfowmes Ooh good chioce..i dnt have any though!!  May have a cheese, ham and onion relish toastie instead! What sort of PN is it?
Why isn't Toy Story 3 out for another year? I got excited when it said June 18th, then it said 2010  WOTTTTT
@PennySchouten I know! I'm sorry I missed the tweetup  hopefully will see you at NACAC in Sep? I'll be back in socal for OACAC in July.
Ah its cold, AH!! Anyway m out til June 20th 
@dillonn that's so sad yet funny. Poor April sitting in jail right now 
@i_gelasius Last August, ATV accident. I saw them 2 weeks after &amp; they were so heartbroken 
April said &quot;I could whip you with one arm tied behind my back&quot; within Phoenix! 
We need 25 subscribers in 1 day to reach the target of 300 by the end of May. Not looking good 
@Mkenn076 fer sure.  Packing sucks. We just moved here in Feb. Before that we had just moved in Aug. Move, move, move.
@MrOtsKrad I coulda swore that I had something REAL important planned on June 6... and I cant remember 
@KandyChazer u guys need to keep me abt MTV movie awards. they will premiere that here on MTVasia June 12... it sucks!!! 
completed her last workshop @WriteGirlLA!  I love this place! Only times I can stand girls &amp; meet awesome ones. Book is out June 14th! =0
rt: veryyyy sad I may not be able to attend Tales of the Cocktail this July  http://bit.ly/gXFCA
via @howellspace @waybis @absolutspacegrl 'Low confidence' #shuttle will make June 13 launch date http://bit.ly/LHFYl #NASA.. Awww 
@sakiwaki we're not getting UP till 10th Sept 
@JonasBrothers I miss you guys! Haven't seen you in about 11 months  Can't wait to see you boys again in August! @slinn13 agreed?!
@hemeon Is UP good? Us Aussies have to wait until September 3 
@JeepGuyMike Can't do brunch.   I have to meet with the guy who is doing my two live recordings in July.
Bored... its gonna be a longgg night. I miss Prom  May 29th 09' it's gonna last forever. xo
@PedanticBohemia So, Leafhanger was put to rest on May 29, 2009 @ 10:50am... 
@delicaterabbit Not sure yet.  Most likely the week after it comes out, June 7-13.  I kinda don't have money right now 
Jan to me . . . She is hot and ready  help me!
STG might not be coming to Australia  They have tour dates in America lined up for the end of June/start of July.
Sad that my last free saturday until late July is almost over   it was nice while it lasted
@zafka early june... i guess i will go to BJ on May 35th. But I want to meet you here in shanghai for TEDxShanghai stuff to discuss... 
@KevinUrie @SMCSeattle Wife's working 12hr shift Tues. June 2. I really want to attend mtg but wld need babysitter.  How late will mtg go?
@krisalderson wish I could come to your fanevent in August kristen! But I'll be getting ready for my 1st year of college in NC instead. 
Really wants to go to the A Day To Remember concert on June 24th, but I'll be in stupid California. 
tomorrow is Jun 1st but I don't think it'll be fun 
@DonnieWahlberg Can't wait 2 c u guys June 25th! I just got bk from my honeymoon cruise in Miami,wasn't with u guys though  maybe next yr!
I forgot I had a twitter account! Uh... summer's awesome so far. No work = no money though  How's your May been?
Received latest edition of the Bible Study Magazine (May/June 2009), unfortunately haven't enjoyed previous editions as much as I'd like. 
Hope win 7 beta, doesn't Actually shutdown every 2 hours tomorrow(it was June 1st right?)   cbf putting RC on ..
@iamidub lol Its in the works. It make take a while cause the person I want to design it is booked until Oct 
@German_girl16 Aww. Here they said that it will be aired on June 14. 
@TessMorris Sending you a hug! I hardlt slept last night and now feel like it is the middle of the night!  May have to go back to bed! 
had a great weekend! 1st day of June 2moro!! OMG the year is flying to bloody fast  my baby is growing up 2 quickly!!! Nite twit friends!!
@Zapamna im just wondering...if it's THIS hot in may!! i wonder HOW HOT it will be in AUGUST!! and it's gonna be Ramadan in August!! 
Why does Princess Protection Programme premiere on 19th June  thats the same day as my prom... xox
@thatshot I won't  I will be in Australia. However there is a gathering on the 4th of July at midday by the london eye. (im hosting lol)
June 1st was going to be the day I went back to gym exercise and cut back on the bad foods. I can't go to gym tomorrow now. Plan ruined 
@xKerplunkx I hate you! My last exam is on 24th June. 
@Seraphina_L No dude. I won't be 21 by your birthday  I'm not turning 21 until September
Going back to Bacolod. Be there until June 5 
It is SNOWING here now...I think I'm going to throw up  I hate snow...especially at the end of May.
So sad. They found Shane's body in the lake. May he rest in peace. 
@jengroover I am going to B there later than I thought  They have me out on the road B4 coming back. Aug. 1st new ETA its killing me
Wow! It's already the last day of May. Time goes by so fast 
@Chloeprest Amazing flower gift: May 29-May 31 2009. He died in his sleep. Rest in peace. 
its may... but it feels like December in SoCal right now. the weather is fuglyy. 
@BritneyFever Season 3 only starts August 9th  
it's June 1st tomorrow! I need to go get my passport done soon cuz how am I supposed to get into the States?   Want to go to NY soon
@braceta you mean RubyConf Europe? It was in May and unfortunately it was already sold out when I decided to go  yeah, they sold out!
Month of June = giant diet. Just went running, and I can't feel my body  haha
Ba.bye May ... I'll see you next year 
Drinking my last Ale-8 and I won't be back in Ky until July. 
@maqriche yes I was in #CaboSanLucas from April 22-May2nd. It was so much fun! I wanted to go back for Mem. Day Wknd but couldn't 
March 18th was the last time I opened my sketch book. Pathetic 
24th June = BGT tour with besties &lt;3 Tomorrow = Maths Calculator Paper 
Today is my last day in MD. I'm driving out to Ohio TOMORROW. I won't be back until July. 
@TruePurposeINC ill be down there in August then again in october.  Probably move in Jan. I'm gonna miss home 
Getting ready to soak up as much TN sunshine as possible. I don't think you can lay out in MI at the end of May. Sad day 
ive watched Toy Story 3 teaser!! and i just cant wait to watch it June 18 2010 
Super bored. I want it to be June 9th already! 
@AnneAAM Omg.  Aww. May he Rest in Peace.
@tommcfly   i miss yuu not bein in the uk  :L  dont know if i have already told yu, but 25th April, Clyde Auditorium, was magical....
@honeybee_ hahaha I SO am!  it sucks that I'm not gonna see it on tv till 12th June or so...  I'm counting on Cara &amp; the live streaming!
 ...just found out that a friend from my childhood has passed away... May he Rest In Peace.
is contemplating how this is the first time in 10 years that I have not been in MO at Kamp on June 1.. 
@NiftyKnits it's never Lupus lol.....although in our case last March....it was! 
@jaaylau AWW!  I thought you already had your tickets already? I'm seeing them at the Bell Center in August.
http://tinyurl.com/ry9wap Hello! May be we will match? I cant upload more pics here for some reason  I can email you some my pictures. ...
@RealCraigSmith  Slugs have made off with half a courgette plant already. May not be any organic delights left soon 
Nooo... Washburne will probably be gone by the end of June, probably more around July.   
@TeaJai so far YES!!! I have to be there...I am trying to get my vacation in now...we have a busy season starting in August 
My 3days wkend was so short, had only 1 day rest. No more long wkend till Oct or Nov I think...So sad 
@ErickMorillo erick! Everyone's salivating about this wednesday... I won't b able to make it..  but I'll definitely come by in July!!
@jarret *sigh* no!  Expected DOA = June 3rd (but free shipping...won't complain...too loudly!) 
@twisted4ddub @KnightsDrkAngel Yeah, hense why my experience in October hurt so much!  DDub lead us on! 
Just got home, been driving all day..really sad Wheels Inn is closing down for good on June 28. 
@John_Fogerty  The Q  Victoria, BC  just gave away tickets to your concert on June 8th!!!  I wasn't the 9th caller  I already have tickets
Picked up a drumming mag for the 1st time in a long while. Just read that the original double-bass king, Louis Bellson died in Feb. 
Today is the last day my hubby will see the sun while working. He goes on nights June 3rd for 3 months.  Poor guy...poor us!
@vallleriiie Good. Call me. I want to make plans before I leave. (June 20th) I miss you so much it makes me sick. 
@TXAng99 i wish you could chase with me in July in VEGAS --   met a guy last night who owns his own island, gonna try to hook us all up
My head's been soar all day. The heat pisses me off. Nomore online-ness till June 13th-ish  xoxo &lt;3 Adios, Twitter.
@AlyxxDione &gt; June 4th in India  No live telecast on Vh1 ..bummer
Cant wait till July 6th cause i get to see my Baby !!!!!!!!!!!! I haven't seen him in 5 months he is deployed in Korea for a year 
June 1st, Fist day of winter for us downunder, Yeeeaaa - NOT 
i am dying to see @taylorswift13 June 11, but its sold out  - watching her special on NBC.
freakishly excited for Up, but it won't be shown in the Philippines until August 12. 
May Stat Porn: http://bit.ly/16FB2F  Traffic down 
@relientkluver22 Me 2. Shes comin 2 my city on Sept. 25.. but my dad cant find tickets!!  I REALLY wanna go.
When mov mou comes back to NJ in August, I want to try and film the whole set again. I just need a better camera 
@CharlotteTang have you seen it already? Here in the Netherlands we have to wait till July 30st... Not fair... 
@kennethtiong Gawai festival!! 1st July right...heard so much abt it - never been to it tho 
@sideofzen Sadly, I am leaving for Canada on the 17th of June. My mum wants me there for mine and my sister's birthdays. No Pride for me 
is going to be so sad when her friend moves back to Land O'...especially since I can't drive until Aug due to this bum foot 
@cat_shattuck (had to cancel my trip to SF at the end of June) 
For all elearning geeks - ASTD is conducting a three day fair in Washington DC. 1 to 3 June. Entry Fee: $1350 per person. I couldn't go 
Verdict is in - no school tomorrow. May be going to Dr. instead if fever won't stay down. 
Feeling anxious.  Mouth surgery today (June 1).  4 weeks until completely healed.  Doesn't sound fun at all.  
Can't believe it. My June holiday is going to be so unfun. 
Moving to a new apartment July 1st by Disney. I'm gonna miss downtown 
Tomorrow's June 1st and we have a frost advisory for tonight   Where is summer?
@BuzzEdition May I second that sentiment?  Every so often I see that someone has entered the contest...and get my hopes up...but alas, NO 
June 1st is tomorrow. I was so supposed to be back in Chicago area by now!!! I am really truly homesick today 
@seandaddy5 Yeah, can't believe it's already June.  I miss u guys already T.T
i wanna go to Siti Nurhaliza's concert this June &quot;holiday&quot; 
Rest in peace poor Mr. Tiller.  May you find peace and love in the summerlands and in the next life
Tempe is getting a watered-down version of the Blink 182 show in September  http://modlife.com/blink182presale/tourdates
I REALLY want to go to Glastonbury, but I dont think my hubbie can justify a trip to the uk then  given we r coming in July
Concert is over. Never really liked the music, so this is an unqualified yay. It'll be weird not choiring again until September though 
@imanpreet I did not like it at all. I was very disappointed with it when I visited in Apr 
@TaurusMarketing Also can't go to ABCC lunch the Consulate invited me to on 11th June as I'm in Melbourne  Soon though!
@Jedi_Amara June 12? You have ages then, hahaha.   
Omg today's june 1st? June 1st is not starting so good then  i hope it doesn't mean it's gonna get worst or whatever. Tired.
I have 75 posts to do before launching my blog. You know, the one I planned to launch in July. I hate procrastination  Ok - back to work!
Its June already! This year is going so fast! Daniel's album is out today, cant believe I have to wait at least another 7 days for it 
@emmatarrant can't make Glastonbury as in term time  Going to Hard Rock Calling in Hyde Park on Sat 27th June. You guys around?
McGills in Melbourne is closing its doors on June 5  It will be hard to collect Delta articles from interstate papers.
Wanted to start loads of stuff on this first day of June. Stop shopping is apparently NOT one of them  http://myloc.me/2giR
Excited trueblood, entourage, and weeds is coming back in June. sad life and times of tim isn't 
Internet is slowish at the moment, restarts June 14th 
Toy Story 3! http://www.vimeo.com/4908856 Though not until June next year 
Ooh, it's June! May was worst Adsense month in many years. Like $300 versus $3000+ a month last year. I might have to WORK soon! 
Plan change approved. On train heading back to Seymour. Won't be able to come down to Lone again till June 13th  exams ftl.
June must be the worst month EVER. And to make it even worse, weird stuff is happening  HATE IT!
Up early.  It's cold this morning in NE !! June 1st??? In the 40s here !  
Ok here I am month of June 24 more days till my bday. And I'm going out to the field. 
@SilkSpectrum, Which Disney film would that be? And UP *squee* how laaaaaaame is it that we don't get it til October 
Have a very horrible scary tutorial exam today  Off to Brighton tonight though! (And can't believe its June already!)
Having a cold in June that is unheard of!! With lots of imagination it feels like summertime... Reality sucks 
Having a cold in June that is unheard of!! With lots of imagination it feels like summertime... Reality sucks  http://ff.im/3sqbG
awake and feeling ill  June 1st New Insurance, but no insurance card. What up wit dat?
Well that's my final exam done.  Results not until September though 
@Ell991 Mega peeved that we have to wait till October, and it was Oliver &amp; Company, whb he's the only one left in that box 
It is June. Why on earth is it 50 degrees outside? This bites. 
 David must be hospitalized for five days end of July (palatine tonsils).
First fun since February. 
@ricky_chotai - Nope, I'm doing OCR. And I'm doing my resit for my January module straight after the current module exam! 
@kbuk it's one of my potions.  Gotta wait til July tho 
Just arrived from the beach with BF but he had to go to work  holidays off.... But we're thinkin of going to the coast in July
 David must be hospitalized for five days end of July (palatine tonsils). And Mama (me!) must also sleep in the hospital.
Sadly, gonna have to push the opening date. June is going to be real hectic.  Having some awesome ideas though!
@ravensgirl23 ha ha. me too... though not uni hell, Tafe hell. I've got til the end of June to finish all my work. Theres too much of it 
just watched his available time at the office evaporate.  Yep, it's June...Camp season. 
June already?  Where did May go?  Will soon be counting down the days to Christmas.  Can't believe I said that.    Today is painting day.
June is welcoming us with the same bad weather as march, april and may! Plus wet people in a confined space smell funny. 
@BrandonBest at least til June I do!  then all i have is rap &amp; hustle...&amp; Lux 
YES!!! has just seen the new moon trailer.. LOVE IT!! can hardly wait. but it comes first to Denmark in February!! 
on 1 July, Adobe will raise GBP prices of CS4 products by up to 10%. (via @danoliver) they truly ain't listening  http://tr.im/adobe #fb
Finally, June is here! 13dayys till My 19th Birthday! Can't wait... Testing tomorrow (maybe).  
No more Danny-face.  Damn it being June now.
@FluffyFanoona u mean mid-June? Nice invasion of Rizvis house tday, what a dissappointment only the khadama was there 
June 1, 3-cars short on NJTransit and a long standing ride   Boo!
http://twitpic.com/6ectj - and on June 13, The Rodriguez cousins will once again reunite! haha! I miss the Escobar Hoodies though..  M ...
@jeyowenji We should've been at the RX Hoodielicious Party at Eastwood last May 29. My friend is super bragging about it. 
Bus fares are going up.  Still cheaper for my EcoPass, but it's almost $75 as of July.
May the Lord stay by your side and that everything will be okay 
Wow, June already? Only two months left in Buffalo 
Saw tiny beam of sunshine this morning (haven't seen the sun in the AM in at least 2 weeks-serious June gloom) now clouds snuffed it out 
Morning Twitter. Off and running this morning already. June 1st and it's still unseasonably cold in Montreal. Having a very cold spring 
needs a stylist or designer for the 30th of June - Queen Shoot  HELPS!
Btw I think I'm still stuck in the month of May 
@duanebrown  yeah.  But its June 1st.  The lake should be almost swim-able by now. Clearly it's not     how was your weekend?
Spent a little too much on even CLOSER tickets to the Sugarland concert in July....*sigh* still not close enough.   my dream still crushed
@toriachels The Sun has felt really strong this year. Its the begining of June and I have already tanned just being outside. 2day is cold 
June already? and the gloom is hitting the OC hard! Raining today 
Coffee and vintage Jay-Z for breakfast... I have to go to freaking school! No May Graduation for me. 
I miss my iPhone!!! I update twitter an average of 1 a week now  July needs to get here quick! 3rd Gen....I'm excited
Happy June 1! Must admit this is the only June 1st that it's been only 50 bloody degrees out. It's like we're back in November! 
It's 90 degrees here at the ranch this morning. Welcome June 
it's June 1st. Life needs a pause button. 
What the... I swear it said June 1st For @JonasBrothers show to be released in the UK!!! Damn, Im bummed out now  it now says 5th June 
and my course has been booked im in London for 3 days in July on my Foundation 3 ITIL 
@ItsNotTVitsDana official start to June Gloom.  
@theBrandiCyrus u r right! new moon trailer is amazing! I hv to wait till Jan or Feb 2010  in Europe it only starts then :/
June! hate that month... Start of classes here at the Philippines... 
@booksmugglers Quinn was at BEA. thought she was giving away her July release. it wasn't 
@kerrikrueger I'm having the same luck you are. I've been looking since Dec when I found out I was getting laid off. 
cruising my bookmarked favs, waiting to take last kid to school, then vet coming to give dog shots.  June Gloom today. 
@megUX Same here. It's warmer outside than in the office (which is in my house). June + sweater = 
... and the app is in the App Store, Woohooo! http://tr.im/n3u9 Release date is screwed-up though ... should be June 1st  #iphoneapp
June 1st and its freezing!!! Time to bust the long sleeves and jackets back out 
@mitchelmusso Come to England please! Heard a rumor you were opening for Metro in July but you're booked on that day  Come soon!?
@aaronforthekids I like June too... June gloom in San Diego reminds me of SF, but June gloom on the east coast? Probably muggy and rainy. 
GoAntiques Exits Online Auctions http://bit.ly/h1dv8 - effective as of today June 1, 2009 
can't believe it's June! I have one more month with the Pope brothers. 
Atlantis Unleashed by @alyssa_day out tomorrow!  Yay!  Sadly, won't get to read it until August, after Bar Exam.  
June 1st in NE Ohio, and I had to turn the furnace on!  
We made it home safe! I'm feelin kinda sick   House of Heroes Meets the Beatles EP comes on on June 9!!!!!!
Only 2 weeks left  . HSM can't be held over and will close June 14th. Get your tickets before it's too late!!!
It's June gloom. I'm not liking the weather today  gonna take a quick power nap. Zzzzz
@bannedagain I check the linus and cali last login time at forum about 27.May.Long time no login!Do u know another way to  find them ? 
@darrangilpin I just want a long weekend  No scratch that, I want a real vacation, but that isn't going to happen until at least Sept.
@Rockchick26 I can't go in September. I'll be at Uni. 
@GigiFrench I'm doing great. My computer is fried  my new computer won't be here until June 18th. How are you?
@compelledtoread Oh man, I envy you more than you will ever know. Us normal folk have to wait until September. 
@Catarina08 in polish cinemas it will be on January '10  maybe it will be prepremiere  on December | New Moon
where did the sun go?!  guess the infamous &quot;June Gloom&quot; has hit and is welcoming me back to what used to be sunny southern ca!    (LV)
God June already  bloomin Christmas soon haha wen I sed that to my mum I got a few funni looks haha
@mitchelmusso I hope you can play some concerts between 16th June to the 22nd  in LA anyway!!! xxx
I have until Friday to decide. Thing is, if I do that I don't start until September 
I don't wanna go to work. Stupid June 
Sigh starting classes at rrc June 18 
@May_Um704 dude even I can't believe I checked lmao!! I wish I could nap but I have worktodo! 
Just got official word; I will be keeping my job. Half my dept got the axe. There are 17 of us. By July 1, there will be only 9. 
HEYY EVERYONE!! Huge announcment! I can't text all summer from June 4th to September 4th  I know it sux. Anyway just call me! Luv you all!
Upset I won't be going to the outdoor championships in Eugene this month.  doctor has me out of commission until July.
Karen O on the cover of the July issue of nylon. so good. also did not just see Beyonce at the airport 
Jacob into wolf! Eek, how awesome!? So excited i might burst. Seriously cant wait till November 
@lisarinna Lisa, While reading your book, i noticed your daughter's  B-day is the same as mine... June 13th... but I'll be turning 41 
@reneeleone That sucks  May not be food poisoning then. Are you going to your GP?
@Claudia_Imhoff I'm jealous - Amsterdam in June. I've got Munich next week, yay biergarten! And London in Nov  and Rome in Dec 
@iamkida they are coming July 19. I'm gonna be outta town 
Hard to believe heat's still running in June. Get me outta here...oh right, no wheels 
Thinking of all the things I want to do in Italy before July 4 .. time is going so fast 
@chickman07 Yessir.  Classes here start in June. Goodbye summer to me.
@MuscleNerd In Italy from June 13th to 24th. My wife just got a refurb 3G, hoping it had 2.28.00 or could be downgraded to but no luck 
June 1st and we have a new house, the girls are graduating.  The MEETING was painless but still awful.  And, am thinking I need a new job 
...sad thing is, I haven't heard back on the two major features filming June, so I'm SOL, too.  Wish I could help everybody. 
@Karen230683 @glasgowlassy oh btw im leaving yas again from the 3rd to 6th July..goin back to Tarbert for another festival!! 
Wow, looks like Earth-2 is gonna be the place to be on June 13th!  http://bit.ly/2aatl Sadly, I'll be out of town. 
Walked into Dr. George Tillers vigil in union sq by accident... May he rest in peace. 
@TaiSaintBoogie Naw mamma! Tweeting/texting while driving is dangerous Period. May as well do your nails &amp; eat while your @ it. Not safe 
@mOFrIz Jealous!. we have to wait till Sept 3rd here for it to come out 
wishing June wasn't here yet...One of my Best Friends is moving sumtime this month 
@pringet gotta get my June fix...lol  Nope, no other shows planned 
Aww man. I'm really heart broken. I thought Dairy Queen's flavor of the month was going to be cotton candy for June... It sho ain't. 
Wow.Its June 1...Surgery is 28 days Away 
@pinkmeringue Meh, June isn't starting off so happily... I really am sad I missed last night, but I was feeling horrible. 
is in memorial of my stupidest and cutiest dog, Enduth, who'd RIP on 2 June 1997. it's been 12 yrs that i don't have a dog 
I am a sad panda!  My physical therapist wants to continue my appointments through June.  I had hoped to travel, etc. 
@mybffsteve I want to go on June 6th to a Sprint Store but they'll probs only have dummy phones there.  
I don't have any more idea on how to get a job. It's already June.  This is frustrating.
@pdurham LOVE to, but already took this week and the first week in July! 
@sakiwaki rub it in Saki  doesnt come out here till 10th Sept 
I can't wait I am soooooooo hyped why does it have to be till Nov! it's so far away 
@October8th No toys for you, sorry  Andrew got these  http://tinyurl.com/m9n2um
@BeautyBlogger Oh it's this month.  Me and @themakeupgirl will be in LV in July.
@BeautyBlogger Dammit!!!!  I thought you would be there for @cosmoprof in July 
left Verizon in May because the customer service was poor. It is actually pathetic at AT&amp;T 
Hm...first week of June why aren't forums open 
@veganfreak Who should I talk to about joining the VF forum?  It's the first week 'o June and they're still closed 
Shoo mosquitoes, don't bother me. June in Miami = Mosquitoes and rain 
Its super cold! June Gloom 
@draco huh? Sep 2nd, why it is so late 
Argh!!  I start work on July 1st.  Really not looking forward to that.  
@JonathanRKnight Same here Jon....so very very sad.  But, when it's your time...it's your time. May those passengers RIP. 
@jo_santos September? That's way too long 
@DavidArchie Up is premiering around August in Malaysia  I wanna watch it...
@MelissadelaCruz I know,  It was nonstop!  but I should be in LA in July/early August. Will plan better for that!
@Levi_Leipheimer Took a city bus to see you cross the GG bridge in Feb.  The city bus driver got lost.  I missed seeing you cross.  
@jo_santos Read that it'll run here around 29 July. Still way, way too long  #UP #Pixar
@itsBENyo Last day is  June 12 (11th is graduation). That's unfortunate for you 
@DEWz_PingPong @NKFan1 I hope this isn't a late April Fools joke from @JonathanRKnight  
It's June and I've done nothing with my life. It's pathetic.  Come on, skinny love, just last the year.
@CameronParker Working on it! Probably about 45 mins out though. May not make it to last call. 
@Tearree events...not sure.  I'll be in Cancun next week and there's lots of birthdays this month.  My next event might not be until July 
School Starts June 15  I do not have time to go out to the park and Do the Computer....
Left 4 Dead 2 out in November? But I haven't even played more than an hour of the first one yet. 
Trying to manipulate some data directly in the db for #sugarcrm for a client  Not happy Jan...
@wendypalazzo  Babe I'm so sorry. May she rest in peace. &lt;3
Should I do Dry July? I don't know, I have so few vices left  http://www.dryjuly.com/
I feel that Nov 20th is to far to wait for the new moon to come out 
Getting my braces off on August 10th! Yay! Except I have to wear elastics until then  nevermind. Pancakes were delish!
Air NZ availability for July such ass, I really feel like a holiday! 
Air NZ availability for July sucks ass, I really feel like a holiday! 
@terrorboy Kareem will be living in ATL by August.. No hang sesh for Street Scene 
@serenetan my friend gotta go to collect tmr n fly back on June 4th. I'm gonna go to see him this weekend. Still long time for me 
Internet is slow until June 14th 
No (or minimal) caffeine in June. Headache already 
I want August to come round already, I hate not having any Arsenal news to read of a morning 
bad day. my mom already confirmed that she'll be going back to Dubai this 5th of June.  i hope the time will stop.
I dont wanna sound emotional but my daughter is going back to school in Manila this weekend. Next time i'll see her is Jan2010. 
Link didn't quite work, It    Look on the page for May 29th, Motorcycle prank
to those doing the Leaving Cert: May God have mercy on our souls 
have just booked tickets for trip to Paris in September. Wish Holly was coming though 
June 2. What's so special today? NOTHING. Just another day out of 365. Me? I'm just 1 in 6 billion. 
May Madness is now over  &lt;/3
@submom Wat happen in Moldova in April? Sorry if it's a stupid question 
@katjasbored - My cousin lives in Duesseldorf and she invited me to visite her in July, but I'm not gonna make it (not this year) 
Jan, Feb and Mar, done, all the other months to go 
Back to work today  only 17 more days then it is off to NC!!! WOOT...now if only I didn't have school August-December
@suplexbeat Just till the end of July, tentatively! I'm starting to prefer it to rotting at home though. Hope you don't feel crap 
@Tiece_E Oh, I have been in April actually. I talked to Jo on the phone about it too when I was there. We couldn't make it to meet though 
E3 Live! May not be able to show the Nintendo Conference  #jtv http://justin.tv/volky1
GG! - Season 3 doesnt starts till 31st of August in USA! Us aussies have a long wait  Tonight was... http://tumblr.com/xtl1xikka
@Sugarlandmusic No!!The London,Ontario show has been postponed?!  I was looking forward to it!Now have to wait til July 8th 2010?! 
@murvis aw, shucks.  still trying to figure out NYC thing. Looks unlikely.   May have to do research trip this weekend. mixed feelings.
They are closing down my fav SB store June 5th. Where will I get my morning fix now? 
Feeling like crap today! My poor nose  Gearing up for all of my June shows. Can't wait!
@AestheticSolace just search for Toy Story 3 in google, the teaser trailer should come up!   But it doesn't come out until June 2010 
Winter clothes.....in June. Not nice, weather. 
Wish I lived in southern California so I could go to Hootenanny July 4th. 
@PercythePigeon  #knitters I will Percy! But I can't make a Percy until July 1st. I am not allowed to buy yarn until then 
Ditto that Stormi it has been great talking to you all,I'm away from 23rd June no internet for 3 weeks what will I do  ........
@DonnieWahlberg I'm here in Ontario! I'm taking it easy today...bit of a rough morning.  Waiting for June 20th and 21st! Whoohoo!
Ako pa lang ba nakaka370 updates since May?  @-) Adiiiik.
Wow. I was thinking today was June 9. I guess I was hoping it was 11 days until I got to Missouri. I have 18 days to go though. 
trying not to panic about the fact I can't find my email confirmation for Thailand flights in August.  Trying, and failing 
@April_Portell The puppy I threatened God I would kill if he didn't make good things happen today! I guess He hates puppies. 
@MamaSkates My sympathies go out to Curtis and you guys! I just had my grandmother pass away in October. 
@spinalfusion blogher is a conference in chicago in July for bloggers, Sold out 
My 21st is in July any ideas what to do??? My &quot;friends&quot; booked a holiday the week before and can't come 
&quot;The Seven Principles for the Conduct of a Newspaper&quot;, March 5, 1935 - what went wrong?? 
God of War 3 looks awesome but March 2010 
The High Line park is opening on June 15! www.thehighline.org I will get a special sneak peak this evening, but no pics will be allowed 
my idol concert is August 4 and its gonna take a while for me to recover like two or four weeks, what do I do?????  Please please pray  \
@Bosun_McShiny yeah, when may hits it's always colder than April, and so on 
I'm sick... who gets the flu in June? Ugh, knew I should've gotten a flu shot this year. 
Zbyszek's not coming back until 29 of June? so seriously, poor Derek has to be all alone with no way to translate and no one to live with 
Wow - Danielle is rocking it tonight! May not be a game three 
@setv is that like official?June being Gay/Lesbian Pride month!?!? it isn't, is it!?!? 
so now I have to wait until June 13th to get my Tool tickets  why'd they have to move the sale date.
Definitely just failed on the new profile pic...it's so small   Anywho, it says Vote TMac &amp; Signer on June 9th!!!
feels like Im gonna throw up.    May have eaten something funny. This sux.
@shandi_archie guess what? the movie will be release in M'sia in August! or somewhere around there.. so long!! 
So bummed that I won't get to see Metro Station on June 12. 
I wish I could go to the SPN convention in Vancover in Aug 
@collink no that means iPhone 3.0 will be announced to start shipping in early July. 
RIP Paddles the duck.  April 2009-June 2009. Met her untimely death by a raccoon in the night. Survived by sister with slit on her neck.
@overlordtrainee Yeah  I hope to save up enough to really enjoy December.
Just finishes watching B.O.F. So sad I can't believe Jun-pyo forgot about Jan-di 
Just finished watching B.O.F So sad I can't believe Jun-pyo forgot about Jan-di 
My husband (twitter.com/highwayphantom) and I drive team. Came home in Late February, and havent been able to find new work in trucking 
Can't wait to get tje puppynon July. Hope it will help my missing rhn so much not be so bad 
UT2004 players - UTAN is being taken offline on 16th June 2009  http://short.ie/8rdzuv - Time to find another ban manager now *sigh*
@Jonasbrothers LINES, VINES AND TRYING TIMES is out on the 19th of June in Australia  that's too far away. :'(
@MaKUltra Thanks. May have a look if I get time. 
@gsnail Oh wait, dude, I just realised that I'll be in Melburrrrne from the 28th of June till mid July!  No joke I promise
@Ohmeomy Only about 150 days to go Ralph.     May it pass quickly. Of course you get back before I do but still a way to go.
.@Rilgon Huzzah, SES is back!... but May seems to have been swallowed whole 
I hope breaking bad season 3 doesn't really take until Jan to air. That's what they say on amc's forums. 
okay, so apparently there is a thunderstorm brewing outside...wow..Crazy CA weather...It has been yucky for the past days - June Gloom 
Rain and thunder?! This really is June gloom at its finest then. I miss the bay 
@Cornwall_Info Early morn' Fistral..magic, I'd take dogs on 7am and even in Aug. it would be deserted..perks of being a local.I miss it! 
I'm up&amp;off2the airport while@the same time missing Hank so much,but I know April will take good care of him 
I am really over all the rain and cold here in Ohio! Did Mother Nature not get the memo that it is June? UGH 
Windows 7 Release: What Happens Between Now &amp; Oct. 22 - http://shar.es/H9Yl Miffed I've just bought a PC with Vista, out of date by Oct! 
@c2xu Shut up!!  I dunno, i've finished uni now but I need to stay up here to earn money to live and eat maybe in July sometime.
ohhhh....whoulda thunk it! I found something interesting! Hollywood Undead in Calgary June 30!  http://tinyurl.com/q23ay2 wish i could go 
@suanie UP up in late August. That's crap. 
Called in. May go in later if migraine goes away.  #effamigraine
Another cool day for June  Jobs around the house.
I soooo wanna see &quot;Hannah Montana: The Movie&quot;.  It'll be in theaters on July 8 pa.. *sigh*
Global warming my foot. My poor garden! There is frickin' FROST up here in June! 
@tommcfly oh that sucks. what day were you meant to see him? Im seeing him on the 28th July and everybody keeps taking the piss. 
@tommcfly What happened the April Tom??  Darn overpopulation!
@ssmette When oil is cheap and the gov cut fuel tax! But OPEC have said they'd 'be happier' w/ oil @ $75 &amp; there's a 2p tax hike in Sept 
@Barney21 nope .. 11mm in May - usually we get 300mm or something ..  .. we're in the middle of a bad drought ..years long now
June 3rd = Birthday = 35 = Time to renew my Drivers License 
@labneh123 COMING TO DC BABY!!!  July 17th ... its been too long 
@NUTillyELLA I saw them there in November. It's a small venue. I loved it. Can't make it this time around though 
Oh what a night. May need to rethink some thinks. I have a big mouth and can't change. Bummer 
last day working at NEH is June 26th 
@jmurnan1@digidivaish #Weeds Season 5 starts June 8th at 10pm/EST. I realize now that is the day before our cable is installed 
thunderstorm forecast on opening day  PARISUKAT  4-30 Jun 2009
My next appt with my PT to have my xrays read isn't until 7July   I might try leaving a message to see if we can do it over the phone
California has only $6 for every $10 in bills to pay. That is the good news. Bad news-by July it will have no money to pay any bill 
Ack, horrible cold with lots of hacking and chills...just what I love to do on a June day 
Very tired. May hop offline around lunchtime and take a nap. 
@All_Dreams_SLS lol so can't make it this weekend  but July 4th sounds like a go. Need details.
oh qoodness @Peoplz excuses, excuses  im qoinq to Atlanta at the end of July but im tryna qo outta state before then, any ideas?!
@eseayen it belongggggs in San diego. It's hiding behind the clouds lightning and thunder  June Glooom
@LoveLifeJB August Joi. . And everything is going much harder than expected. 
Giving up the ghost on camping.  Rescheduling 4 the 2nd week in July.  I'm sure it'll be 90F or snow, just for me. Double 
Very sad news about David Carradine.  May he rest in peace.
@thepartyChase Well unless I get the finances in order I may not be there til August either 
Surgery is scheduled for July 1 at 1pm. 
@chibbigirl Guess I have to wait until September to see that...... 
I thought it was supposed to be June. What is all this rain? And I'm bummed I'm not going to Long Island tonight. 
@lastyearsgirl_ When Amazon fails at shipping orders together, they really fail. Birthday Present Pt. 2 ETA between June 18-July 1 
@Sprite_3 Ohh I finish on the 8th July  and im off for 2months! So unfair lol..
Just buried another Starling (fourth since April) ...why do they always have to die right on my rive?!? 
SERIOUS phone issues over the past 3days. May be Twitter M.I.A. for most of the day. 
Hope everyone in my department still has a job in July 
June Gloom, so much for sunny California 
so many people talking about UP today. Did it just open stateside? we don't get it here in France until 29 July!  
US Airlines saw a drop in Traffic during May  http://tinyurl.com/l9r7az
@sjespers Wish I knew more market stuff. I also wish I bought Adobe stock in March  Keep it up though, love what you guys do 
Ew, summer school starts June 8 
Did I miss something? Isn't it June? Doesn't that mean this freezing cold, dark-ass weather is supposed to stop? 
WTF is up with this weather?! It's June! Where's the sun?? 
Not going to make it to the windsurfing meetup in July.  But then again, I'll be on a beach out in Cali, so I guess you win some...
....screw it.....I LOVE the rain!! Let is keep raining!! We will just make up the baseball games in August!! 
Just told by IT that Kingman is having power fluctuations all over the city. May lose power here at some point.  #group 21
I am freezing in my office today! Wearing jeans &amp; sweater, had 2 mugs hot cocoa, now eating hot lasagna; not helping! It's 62 out in June 
Blerg.  Can I get to NYC by 6:30 on June 17?  I feel like I can't 
Just stepped outside for a minute - it's raining hard ... and it's COLD!  Will someone please remind Mother Nature that it's June!  
I ordered a Space Invaders tee from Threadless on 02/26/09 knowing it would ship in 4 weeks http://is.gd/Pp41. Now June &amp; still no shirt. 
Meeting @LaurenConrad  in Austin June 27th without @LoveeSierra  
snow is in the forecast for tomorrow  Alberta in June....  gotta love it!
@Jan3005 i need to do something hon, my ship is sinking here 
WTF !!  The weather forecast for tonight is 'Periods of rain mixed with light snow. '  - It is June 5th,  FFS     I really need to move!
is EXTREMELY saddened by Jimmy Buffett not coming back to Vegas in October for my annual event. This event will need to move to May 2010 
Excited to see the new light rail trains doing their test runs.  Light rail starts July 18th In the meantime, I am trying to catch a bus. 
@Rippz End of July &amp; that wasn't free or I would've got that instead 
Told the big bears ... need to find a place to live come September 
@RegiSor Cheers yeah can't wait for her to come over, she'll be here evening of 16th June. Tried to make a vid but havin upload problems 
Will be away from 6 - 12 June for Work, going to Lourdes, tried to upload a video explaining but YT keeps giving me errors when uploading 
Looks like I will be having sinus surgury June 30. No singing at all for two whole weeks at least! Ouch 
AMG, it's June and I suddenly want to turn the bloody heating on 
Cae is going to stay with me until Monday, has an exam of Tues so has to go back home   can't wait until Summer/September, she's movin up
@colinmeloy    Can you make October come around faster? Hopefully will be seeing you at ACL!
I'm wearing a jacket... in June  heading to Bible Study, it's still raining
Might be working 16-18 days straight at the end of June... yay? 
&quot;Shotgun range [...] closed for improvements effective June 05, 2009 until further notice. Weather is a factor.&quot; Well, that suck balls! 
@hrmortcia Wish I was there  I miss June Faire...
@kristenstewar9 Adventure Land didn't come out in Trinidad ... I can't believe I have 2 wait till August 2 see it 
@michaelpadgett we practiced for our 4th of July show at kautz. We play at 6. Short trip home 
@MCTedViaNJ I think it's over now.   They were doing like a progressive % off every week in May.  I'm sowwy.
@nkotbjunkie i was going to the Tampa show, May 30th. 
Snow in June.. Ugh, Calgary and its bipolar weather 
man down, man down, spyware has killed my pc, RIP Dell 2006-2009   May god at a blessing to the hard drive I will see you in pc haven,  
#CANADA NEWS: A Saskatchewan June weekend: Barbecue, camper and snow shovel? http://tr.im/nBt4 
Last night in VA... well, until mid-July.  
Oh holy hell, my pass expired in January!! ARGH. I will have to make the next one. Want to hear a serious problem? I've never been to CA 
I love when customers come up to me and tell me how good May Flowers was and I didn't go to it 
Traffic is not as merciful as expected. May be late for @henrygerson's celup-day  oh nooo...
No Aaron Tveit until September  and maybe not till October for me because I'm working on a show!!! NOOOOOOO!!!! 
@buddhake The Kindle DX doesn't get released till June 10th 
A weekend without football! Life's gonna be really boring till August 15. 
So is June 5th the new Friday the 13th. Srsly, some bad crap happened to everyone I know  What a rough day.
@hlbllygrl bless your heart, I will be praying, I lost my mom in Sept 07, father when I was a baby, mom died in my home rt in front of me 
Whale Wars just started and I'm already crying  I read about this killing after it happened in Feb, but seeing it is heartbreaking. 
@curtbash May I highly suggest &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot;  by C.S. Lewis?  If you don't remember the joke from this book, I'll be sad. 
Jun5. Went shopping!! Jun7 will get pink highlights. Jun 6 g2g to a party  (a boring one) 
@Oprah can you send my mom to Kauai for a couple weeks in October? She really needs it  Sleep well young lady!
wtf!!!!! overdued Tax!!!!! i tot it was due end June!!! 
Ohya, i'll be off to JB nxt morning  Recover even more please, dont wanna be in S'pore. Th memories of May/June sucks. (H) you people! 
@moemasri that just very well cancels my plan in June to go to Singapore. 
@akirazenx Yeah, that's a real gamer's game though. I don't have patience &amp; skill &amp; stuff! iZombie Death March is about all I can handle 
Snow in June in Calgary. 
@GeniaL82 No $  Even though my cousin's getting married in August, I'd dearly love to go and visit you and cuz!
@IrenieFiasco awww thank u! kinda lost my voice last wk-was horrible-i'm supposed 2b going 2cali in Aug 4 a wedding but can't go 
Is sick to her stomach and just saw the biggest spider in creation in April's bathroom. No sleep tonite. 
@chuckoy still June 8  i don't think they'll postpone because we really don't have any case here in Davao..:|
back to winter again, April showers Late? i be the tent is soaked  http://www.the-port.co.uk
@87SarahJ  prolly gone be late August!! They pushed my date back a lil bit!! 
@eweniquemarilyn I took your knitting class couple yrs ago! Need/want to get back into it! May have forgot how tho! 
UP Diliman's first day moved on June 16 due to A(H1N1) alert. Darn. I wanna go to school. 
[-O] Next Gig: Wish for Wings 31st July. SO LONGGGG AWAYYY  http://tinyurl.com/nxryqf
Won't be buying Sims 3... They lied and told me it would be out in February 
Still up...this isn't good for my skin  7:43am E.S.T a lot of things on my mind. Think I really did it this time. May b a wrap ... 
@Sami_May I want it too, but none of the computers in this house are good enough to run it aside from my brother's 
Won't have a phone 'til the 20th June  And I've lost all my pictures of Toshie :'(
@therogurgirl I'd been smoke free for over 4 yrs but I started again back in Feb '08 
@daibarnes and guess who's landed that plum job? Moi  were hosting big conf on July 1st and sen dep head wants them for then 
Just another snowy June day in Calgary   
@Maustallica Problem is I'm away for about the last week of June, isn't that when it's out?  Would you be ok waiting?
Just off to Worcester in the rain.  May get back in time to watch the Derby.
@DowneyChick Lovely! Not going anywhere for holidays  maybe just to Paris for the weekend at the end of June...
Found out yesterday I have Fuchs' Dystrophy in my eyes.  May need a cornea transplant if it gets worse  
Next gig, Bleadon Festival. 13th June. Think tickets all gone 
26th May: I'm so lonely and sad without the internet that even Mikado won't cheer me up...  http://tinyurl.com/njk2hb
Vacation is almost over  Enjoyed it, but really could use another 30 days or so.  Guess I will have to wait until December.
@Rochellewiseman ooooooh!!! I'm soooo excited for the 4th of July! shame you guys aren't there!  But GaGa: fab! xxxxx
First drink from Starbucks since October 2008. I hate to break the fairtrade coffee boycott but I was forced  http://mypict.me/2N6y
Was thinkin July but plans changed  probly not til xmas now
@Riti25 u love ur dogs don't u...!! jenny Jaaan...!! XD nah no rain... but September I am commin....!! will miss ur BDAY like evry time 
@wendilynnmakeup that sucks!!! we dont get season 3 on dvd until October 12th or something according to Play.com  extremely sadface ahaha
Thanks to twitter I know exactly when I was sick last time. It was in September. My lucky streak is over. Here comes the cold 
@Schofe May as well be called Kamikazee Control when I play it, highest is 81 and that was by fluke. Nowhere over 45 since 
@VickyMinor Nope, went the signing in April though! Was gonna go the November Liverpool date but my dad wouldn't give me the money 
@cristysanchez lucky  I might go in July  Hope you have fun and that you love it 
@dpodolsky BBC June 6th news on AirFrance vanished flight  http://is.gd/Qpwy
Snow in June...WTF??!!!!! RAAAAAWWWWWWWWRRRRRRR!!! 
Hurray its snowing in June 
@daverted I'll be in LA until the end of August! 
Coming back here brings the fondest memories. Im crying  i miss July 14th 2007 more than anything.
@RealZachG Word...only on computer here...btw...that smoked porter is only in NYC-area.  May need a care package sent...
@fingersandtoes Gonna be up there last week in June, 24-30. Get to be there for &quot;Friends&quot; night, do some exploring. Probably no digging 
Reading all these tweets about the Palm Pre makes me want one even more.  I'm not even due for a 1-year discount until October though.  
@aussie_at_heart nothing at all for me  just a stroll in the rain. Resting after elections. May be onto housework tomorrow 
Well...its still NOT RAINING HERE and it looks like we might actually go thru April, May and June without moisture!   UGH! 
@acadnurul daaappppppp nyee. You made me want to fly home right now knurl~~  Oh come July quickk.
Regents test June 16  At lest when i come home I'll have JB's CD...
@BairdWilliamson I've been waiting for EMOTIV's EPOC forever, was on the list, Dec 08 was release. Nothing yet. Toys it will be, then. 
Palm Pre is out today.  I am sad because I will not get to have mine until September 
Palm Pre is out today.  I am sad because I will not get to have mine until September  http://bit.ly/6KNmeh
Is sick of english coursework and sick of maths revision for her test in June  HELP!
A mate just gave me his ticket to Muse in November because I didn't get one. I don't feel worthy of anything in comparison to such an act 
@pibby I'm jealous! It's 55 and overcast and threatening to rain here. Typical Portland June 
Yey! Manchester 27/28 Dec! @mileycyrus .No doubt all the decent tickets will have gone to those who have a fan club membership  soz niel!
@LiloBelle wow, that's a pretty big bill  you should definitely try uni. We're still students until Oct so they should give it to you.
#Aaaaaaaaaaaah... why! Hmm... will find out at the end of August!! M2A! 
@dajw RAT fully booked till Nov I think, looked earlier 
@willister86 Not tonight  But i will be seeing you Sept 12 at my high school!     Ohhmygosh so excited already
So apparantly no reason to look at apartments in Miami now for August! Thanks for the heads up realtors 
@jaymzsial Snow in June?  I hope it doesn't come to MN.  
tried to get Lauren Conrad's book today. not out til 1st July  i have to wait another month.
@DonnieWahlberg awww I wanna hug u!!!!  Ill be seeing u July 10th but not close enough 2 hug you 
@pharca no, unfortunately it looks like the July trip is off  Work can't live without me for 2 weeks it seems...
Is lying in bed watching a dvd but wants a cwtch - preferably off Alun but hes not home 'til the 7th July from S'A  x
@KatyPerry i was supposed to see you tonight , but you changed your dates  Can't wait till 21st August
@k8erl8er I know me too! Sorry I wasn't feeling good at all...  Soon though... in mid June we're gonna get together. We'll chill then ;-)
Why do I have to wear mittens in June? Oh, Denmark 
Work at six  still earning money for my last weekend in Aber before September
@ the park thinking jackets should not be required in June in LA 
@BenBuzzsaw 16th July! Ben I wasn't in that much of a state last night,  don't make me feel bad!!
Hangin' out inside today.  Snow in June is not cool. 
@mileycyrus Manchester in December!!!!!!!!!! WOW!...presale? Huh? I don't know the password  I NEEEED front row!
I miss him  Moving July 15th!!!!
@RLfromNEXT awww,  the flu in June? that's the third person this week I've heard about! Get well soon boo!
@tommcfly  I really need to know if it's true you are coming back to Brazil in October. I'm a little bit confused with all these rumors. 
Cleaning my room. May be I wont miss JONAS tonight...need to see the last some episodes during summer vaca-y.  3 more school days TGIW ...
@Merrindonahue Work nailed me.    How's July?
@NathalieCaron I think we won't get hijinks reports until June 15th when Wendi returns 
This is WAY late, but I totally was at the mall on May 23 &amp; wanted my Old Navy flip flops but they were sold out. 
Ah bummer. Delta's in-flight internet for 737-800s is expected to gain approval June 22. Won't help for my trip next week 
June 5th Last Mass With Fr.Mike 
EEEEEEEE!!!! Amazon says that I will (probably) get SPN 4 on September 3rd!!!! EEEEEEEEEE!!! But it's still a few months away... 
@phinesiabell hey I am going on a cruise in Nov. I will be sad if they do theirs in Nov too 
@pattiw23  hearing rumblings that summer cruise date is already set and a Nov date is in the works.....don;t know that I can do both 
DInner time! @having whatever we cooked yesterday at @June603's. @lilblip is on hunger strike: &quot;Disgusting!&quot; He doesn't like much we eat. 
@MCHammer hey you were supposed to be here in Idaho! Guess we can wait till November now 
@Stacksx I forgot to mention Fixer! I was too excited to see NIN/JA! Free room is not until July 
@marley_bean Yup, I am thinking angst coaster until the 4th of July!  
@taytay80sluvr Nope, not yet  Not out here till July 2nd! 
watching June 5 Episode of BOF on You tube, i did not watch it because of stupid blackout 
June 16, 1971, momma gave birth to a hell raising heavenly son! The countdown is ON for Pac's bday!!  Don't u just miss him. I do.
Is confused about June... torrential rain...again?  Did it get the memo? 
@DonnieWahlberg The shirt I want is out of stock!!! Oh no!!! I hope its back in stock before the Dallas concert in July!!! 
Ha! Try finding a mother's day card on the 7th of June in America, good luck !! But but if u do... pls let me know 
So cold last night I had to turn the bedroom heating back on.  In June!! Raining like **** this morning 
@scatteredwords I want to watch UP! Too bad it'll be shown here on July, I think 
Just less than an hour left in Liverpool until September 
ish. Damn school.... couldn't you start on June 15 instead? 
@jezza_rokchik lucky beeeep lol. Ive had the last month off, only had to go in for exams.. then we break up on July 10th 
How can it be this cold! It's June!!! Sheesh 
@wolfee37 I actually have seen it, posted on the Twitter page on March 22nd. She seemed to really not be in it and completely worn out 
WOW can't believe the temps for June....high of 17 degrees today  Off to the Autism walk in a few minutes...wish us luck
@andrewbadera I was a latch key kid. I remember one summer when Guns n' Roses November Rain video seemed like all they played 
@GabrielSaporta U R always meetin your &quot;little girl&quot; fans, what about us older ones? Do we hve 2 wait til Oct. for U to join us? NOT FAIR 
Demon unable to fix, think it's BT  May be off line until tomorrow!
Canceled Victoria TentMaker crs   Next Op Pasadena Oct09. C U there
Aarg. My net connection has completely crapped out on me. *May* be offline for the next few *days* before I can get online again. TBC... 
Doomsday. Tomorrow. 8th June.   On the other hand, happy (early) birthday leehao! 
Ride for heart. Interesting bunch. One friend: high bp. May need those guys sometime: ack. No more play hard at thebar! 
found a @CameronPhillips, but her last update was in Feb  maybe she is in other time.
My heart and prayers go to the families of the AIR FRANCE 447 passengers. May God be with them. 
My heart goes out to the families of the AIR FRANCE 447 passengers. May God be with them.  Let us all pray for the souls of the...
@acidjack23 wow..i'm guna just miss you  i get to Nashville on 15th October..why do i always miss you lot?!!!
@diviroxx and we'll miss you  are u adding a tour date in Paris in November ? Enjoy tonight's show!!! god bless
@jaxelle I hope soon...going to try for July!! I was thinking about this month, but I only have two weekends left in FL  Miss you! xoxo
Liz left today for China, until Aug. 5.  Meanwhile, the only journeys I'm taking are to the mall to work and pass out flyers. :/
N0 June Weather  c0ld and im all wet  n0w watching movies 
Seriously, jumpers in Scotia ... Early June 
@juecov saw that had a text from her, that will stop you working and twitting tonight. Row don't think we will be able to come Aug, 
@LindseyMadonna Im so sorry for your loss  May he rest in peace
@bacondog so sorry we can't be there  damn southwest required flying &gt;June 10th &amp; I lacked vacay days, had to be the weekend. Have fun!
@JaiMichelle  yea I kno...I'm aiming for August. How's everything in ATL???
@PanMassBike Sadly, I won't be around on the weekend of August 1-2  I'll be back on tour with my show. Thanks for the invite though! #pmc
I think it's time for a dry June... Red wine hangover sucks 
Only seven days in, and I have already used my two days a month that I call in. Now I must goto work every day I am scheduled until July. 
@Kevin_AnR_Shine I wish I could come to ur July 15th event but I'm stuck in Chicago. 
Welcome to June in England  http://twitpic.com/6u4ww
@shawnyao Come with me! July 1, last hurrah for Mega skaters. We're renting out the rink exclusively. They're closing down soon. 
June 30 - July 2: inFamous will be $29.99 ($40 off) @ BestBuy -  http://ow.ly/cL47 via RFD - FML 
Started the move out process... Last day in SJ is July 19th   Gotta do some cleaning it looks like...
Going to watch my r:a again. Im so fuckin' excited, anxious and a little bit scared too. September is so far... 
I didn't know June 5th was National Doughnuts' Day :| dumbo. Now I want krispy kremes! 
@colettebett I have 4 more shows this summer. 2 more next week and 2 in July. Sittin on the plane back to Texas now. 
clutter everywhere! it reminds me of someone..   btw learnt that t&amp;s album will be out in Oct! yey ! cant wait for it!
@tailsone beautiful June weekend, who wouldn't be in the mood for one? Too bad you're like, on the other side of the continent 
UGHHH, I really wanna win those MMVA tickets from @muchmusic cause I cannot make it June 13 to get wristbands 
@TinyToots Thesis is due in Oct.You also do not love me enough. 
Can't Wait till WWDC 2009 taking place June 8 through June 12 California at 10:00am, Beirut 8:00pm. Wish Iam There 
More shitty Alonso rumours-is it going to be like this until end of July. Please dont go! 
Somehow this game will turn me into a bloody gamer...and it's a torture to wait for it to be release on Sept '09   http://bit.ly/10Xkkq
@russiansilver Mystery allergies suck. I had the same back in December. Took me over a month to figure out what caused it. 
I want to see Lee Mack in March! 
Wordpress is kicking my ass tonight. May have to return geek tiara earned by PWNing 1&amp;1 for @angelajames. API keys hate me. 
@mgardot I have a similar problem.  Am in hospital again on 17th June for my 6th operation.  Such hard work 
@50shousewife VBS in June? How nice! Here they are always in August so my kids always miss it 
Pray for April Rose and her family right now, she's declining fast http://littleoneapril.blogspot.com/ 
Pray for April Rose and her family right now, she's declining fast http://littleoneapril.blogspot.com/  @kathyireland @NatalieGrant
@GracieAlbernaz They need money.  July is in danger. Block parties may have to be scaled back. Racking up major charges like $1k p/month  
Aw shit. I forgot 2 listen 2 'The Sixth of June' by It Dies Today yesterday! 
And I really wanna see them again and again but now I must wait August. God I don't wanna wait  They're awesome.
Wishes she could go to the Ports game on June 20th.  ~Baseball is Love ~
@janey79 a little too far for me unfortunately  Utah's state fair is in Sept. What the possibility?
@Mi_xX pq vc ia me matar?  Mi_xX@sliish - euuuu ia matar vc!!! &gt;_&lt; 2:52 PM May 29th from web in reply to sliish
@JaneFonda I was cheering for you..... and wishing your show was still open when we are in NY in July.  Sorry I missed you.   
Dollzone orders for the LAST half of March should be here about June 17th. Still so delayed! 
@stereoqueenbee That sounds AWESOME. Sadly, we're both out of town for the last part of June 
started my car today for the first time since my bday in April! I really need to sell it.. but Im too lazy to do the leg work! 
re: St. Louis trip, June 12-14. Not gonna work  Turns out I have class all day on June 13. I'm working on an alternative plan. Miss you!
wants to know why in June she is headed back to Chicago and it is still yuck weather! 
@xmoonpiex Lyme's the next tsunami. It really is an epidemic. Under Our Skin opens in NYC June 16th, hopefully a showing in NC again. 
well its midnight here on the east coast and officially June 8 so you know what that means. if not well it makes me a sad Drunken Loper 
Just had a very large vodka. May need another. Feeling pretty low tonight 
@charisbad we aren't playing that date  I wish. But well be in Allston on July 19th
I am so happy that when things seem to be going bad  I have July 10 to look forward too!! NKOTB can't wait!!
May have to wait till Aug to watch True Blood 
bored with  Mar 
@2DaWesternSky Unfortunately, no  Was trying to get there, but it doesn't look like it will happen, cuz saving up for Hawaii in September
kids first day of school today, had a busy morning, Jan had a great time in school...can't wait for my boys to be home, miss them already 
@chopperT Was at telstra on the weekend. The plans are not released yet. The guy at the store didn't even know release was 26th June. 
@rhapvee no more nice Princess Jasmine for you because it's June now and you never bring her to see me when she comes. You're mean  
@heartmisuse I might be in Ireland over the 4th of July.  How long will you be in Budapest?
Bummed that in 2010 linux.conf.au 18-22 Jan and webstock 15-19 Feb are a month apart, so most Aussies will have to chose between them. 
@squegie Thanks! I grew up with the series, it has a lot of meaning for me! Looking forward to Nov for sure, sad RJ couldnt finish them 
At D6 till end of June, shall miss all the RnD and ZOMG ppl  and dick van dyke!
need to buy Little Women. and a new March issue of Candy mag ,too.  it got lost. the issue where nick jonas is featured. dang. :|
Ewwww, gross.  It's going to be in the mid 70's this week. I want more June gloom and dark dreary weather   
is drinking lovely tea she bought in London in December: Yumchaa's &quot;Caramel Sweetheart&quot;. It's almost all gone...  http://www.yumchaa.com/
what a awesome weekend just a pitty we lost another friend... May you RIP my friend you will be missed 
just been told research unit is to close in Feb 
found out my friend leaves for Afganistan on 7th July.  Looking for IEDs is his job: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEDs
@brandyraquel05 Anatomy + Physiology II. Booooooo. M-Thurs, until August 1. 
@sdschwartz Will be in Sydney in Jan &amp; Feb i think. Not before 
Just told my mother about Sadie by email. We don't talk anymore. Except when her December guilt inevitably kicks in, it seems. 
@shaliniakhil 411 - I caved. I stayed. Another 6 months  when are you flying? August right? Excited?
Library, my new hang-out until June 28. @Camiej I hate you 
May not be tweeting much. PC problems &amp; classes. 
@Lachdanan @IcarusWingz GoW3 isn't out till March 2010 
@boofish Oh well  great trees too they' produce all the way into August
Oi. Monday. Last Girl Scout meeting til September 
Beelox, thought MOT was up Aug, it's actually next month along with the Tax  Will sort MOT end of this month.
Kings of Leon are coming to town October 6th but I won't have any money when tickets go on sale.  
Well...no longer &quot;in the dark&quot;...I'll be officially unemployed come June 25th! 
Off to Rochester for the week...gotta make the best of my 3-week long summer! Student teaching starts July 1 
Sept 26= blink 182 in WPB. awww i wanna go! 
Feeling like garbage.  Who gets sick in June??  Still have to work!
@JameeTPerkins I just realized that I double-booked myself for 2morrow nite's MCAI mtg &amp; can't make it!  When is the July mtg?
&quot;Hi Dan would you like to be involved in an event with the DCSF? Are you free on 8th July&quot; Dan's flight for Chicago leaves 7th July 
Yesss. I just got my free sample of ALLI in the mail today. I need to lose 3lbs by the end of June 
Such a busy day, I hate June, worst part of the year in my job. Can anyone guess what I do? Still got a gal on my mind 
@stutterdude The Mini had a rev in Feb, so it's stagnant for a while.  And our old PC (it's a P4) is getting a little flakey 
Ugh I just missed my best friend's call from Jordan! I haven't talked to her since January   stupid work!
-gasp- Momo might need to go Wallaby  from Oct - Nov 
Can't wait for holiday, which is still in July 
is it only Monday... yes  August can't get here fast enough, VEGAS BABY!
Boo! My leaving date's been pushed back to the 31st of July 
@LordBlackadder no never been!Only for 5 days but just enough to visit the main sights!Then London in Nov/Dec :p thats all this year 
@BiggsyMalone I'm sorry  Yeah I'll be here in Dubai until the end of August (!!!)
@Sami_May awwwww  i got my 3rd one soon
@GSPRS_Jen June 19th is the date the Perry's gave to Christine's Mom in January.  We arent sure what the date means.  
@Kelstena funny thing was, I started out as #horde back in Nov of 2004. Switching was my first mistake 
@jadechi I'm at Anas n they str8 up told me my hair is not good for that cut  so ima do something similar to wut u had bk n Nov
@ddlovato Yo demi, unfortunately, the website i bought you tickets in were a scam, i havent recieved them, So im not seeing you July 17th 
@missmei T-Mobile are carrying on like cunts and telling me my contract is not up till 24th June when they dun said 1st when I rang!!! 
@portablemonkey according to Lili, it's still not set for end of July. their facebook fan page says same. 
Drinking tea for the first time evah.  Ain't too bad - still can't talk though.  When is this crap going to stop?!  May leave work early. 
for more  on urgent care vs traditional care, check out Dec money mag story I contributed to. run search at cnnmoney.com. no url handy 
no more Matt Bs for me for the rest of forever  (ok, except for the trip in August before the wedding)
@taylornichols ohh I'm jealous! it's COLD up here!  (and that means August is just going to be that much worse when I get home)
@kkateturner128 It was really fun last time! I don't go to Paris until 15th Jul so, if you're free before then! And, me too  suck at langs
There are times when the UK feels really close. Then there are times, like 24th June, when it is bitterly far away. 
@mleathem Returning back to Hk 2nd July. 
@arjbarker loved the interview.Reading it makes me more bummed that I can't come see you in SF in July  Hopefully Ill find a way!
@Ian_Sutherland I'm gutted at no more Gene  May have to get the DVDs! Supersizers was good though.
I have to wait till July? Wtf??? Thanks, atl 
@Dbomb252 well i hope you help her along the way...since i won't be back til late Feb and it's cold then 
Now I know what &quot;June Gloom&quot; is. It's cloudy and dark and gloomy outside. The sun is hiding, and I don't like it 
@HOMERBLOW GL HOMER!! my date was June 1st. It has been tough for me. At this point im not happy with the surgery, BUT im the problem 
@liznesh So did we know that Metro Station was coming back in Dec cheapest tick $40  cause its a fucking Miley tour
I have to lee the boys in November. I HAVE to! I thought my time was coming 
Urgh it's been raining non stop these past 2 weeks in Jersey!  This needs to stop...it's already June!!! 
Plans to travel to NYC for July 4 have fallen through. Wicked good prices but can't get certain peoples' schedules cleared for it. Bummed 
At Aunt Jan's hanging out...I'm hungry again! 
Fantasy Football: Screwing me over, even in June.  lol
@Lenny_o i know! i would be so pissed if i had to wait until January or something 
@technosailor dammit. Just started making dinner.  May join y'all later?
@jodysauce oh gawd I know... I miss you!!!  Can I come see you in August?? I'll bring lowfat brownies!!
@wndllg unfortunately, no.  we're going sometime in July so we're going to miss it. It does have an AMAZING line-up though
@mayINbrooklyn haha i know i know babe, this weekend I won't be here though, until September    sorry love! Besos
I'm not sure what to do now... #NBA #NHL #NFL #AHL #CWS #CFB #CBB are all on hiatus. My TV is worthless to me from June to August. 
@lawschoolninja My 16 yo brother (I'm 23, almost, as of Aug 11) is taller than me and can pick me up. 
I miss Nashville already.  November seems too far away to wait to get to go back...
has had here DC fix for the day as well as her Ephaba fix. I miss my twin tons  but July is quickly approaching. Sleep soon.
is going to 2 furnerals tonight  May God comfort the 2 families....
I want to go somewhere for 4th of July and Labor day but everything looks so expensive 
This is the earliest I have gotten home in June.  Now I get to do 4 weeks worth of laundry   I really I want a green Whalers jersey.
okay - just came very very close to passing out with stomach pains again.  May be time for the Dr now. 
Its 3rd week of June and no sign of monsoon setting in Bombay  This increases chances of diseases and famine 
@MethadeeZy hehee I did as well. Don't like it saying arrive June 22 
3GS in August? Ai meh??? 
&quot;Ask all your followers to follow@peterfacinelli he has to reach 500,000 by Friday 19th June.. will be HYSTERICAL if he wins! ta&quot; Louise 
I love old Gilmore Girls, but I've reached the point where April arrives... All downhill from here 
 Lines, Vines &amp; Trying Times wasn't out yet. But it IS 16th June. What's going on ?
@johnnywalnuts I just looked up #LacunaCoil on #Wikipedia and it looks like the new album was released in April! How did I not know that? 
@NicolaKenny I know! But I'm going to see JB in November so I'm not that bummed and McFly at V Fest, so I feel more for you 
@lothecongirl Sorry only just got tweet- if all goes to plan: Washington July 20th, Richmond July 21st, leave 11pm 28th- Home  29th =]
&quot;In view of the possibility of an outbreak of the Human Swine Influenza(H1N1).. The programme will be shortened to one day (June 19)..&quot; 
i seriously cannot believe that it's June--and the high through next week will be 70 degrees. SUMMER, where are you? 
@thetelevixen Law &amp; Order re-runs. nothing new for me until July. 
Tons of rain this June!  We haven't had such a wet spring in several years. Lots of thunder too .. Luce doesn't like that 
iPhone Ver3 available June 17. NOT for NZ. We have to wait til 18th? why can't we just have it a little earlier since we are +12 timezone 
@jesscathcart I get back the day before term 2 starts lol 5th July that is I think  Wish I was back now tho. Miss u guys and catan! lol
@Tracyva72 Peanut passed away last March   I tried to email you - but can never tell if u receive stuff.
@nickjonas It's not out in Australia till the 19th June 
Just found out that @Beverleyknight's concert at ICA in September is Sold Out.  Pissed.  Now I gotta wait until Apr 2010 b4 she in London 
Darn. To prevent squatting, Facebook is not giving vanity URLs to users signed up after May 31 
@BGSport ps I just found out I have a wedding to go to in VT on Aug 8th, so Miami is going to have to wait until Labor day for this girl 
Can't get vanity urls unless you have an account before June 10th  or something 
@Jonasbrothers It's not out in Australia till the 19th June  REALLY SAD!
driving thru Nashvegas...heading home from Kentucky. no April or Flannery.  they're staying for a couple extra days with family.
Y'know, I don't think I've ever seen Bon Jovi live! I had tix for a show in June '89 but it was the same day as my HS graduation. 
I just signed on to myspace &amp; had a message from my brother from May 26th  I never log in over there... awww, Al, I miss my bro 
@primerano I wud luv to, but I am crunching hard on our project right now. It will all be over at the end of June. Hoist one 4 me. 
@jenwen2000 http://twitpic.com/7jjo7 - oh my god! how lucky. I met Nicola on June 5th but Missed Chim  xx
@Mar_cresham that book's so sad 
Better mood this morning except that class starts today  Also, convinced mom to leave town July 16th  take that, nemesis. Going to SF.
@barbd00 @teesed May be the drain, trying to troubleshoot it now.    Wanted to get started on bedroom remodel - not till this is fixed.
@ldempsey45 July 1st...then I need to find a job ASAP!! Or I won't be eating next semester 
@ZiggyP I found my old video blog post from last August. You had some great suggestions for a new one. I totally slacked on my video blog 
@Cunninghamster I only moved back in Feb, they gave me 6 months! 
it was soo nice today, i bumped into Cara,havent seen her since September. and now i miss her again 
I've been updating my Performance CV for what feels like forever - the last job on it was mid October 2008 
can't get tickets to see Pink in Melbourne in August 
@AHS_Bellingham I will be out of town in August, 
Pretty much obsessed with Glee and it doesn't even come out until September.  
@princetim week of June 21st... and i'm not going to Missouri. i finally told him goodbye. that's part of my mopey-ness 
Update: Cody can get the new 3gs at the $200 price in July. But I have to wait til March! 
No new phone til August  oh did I mention that my ringer on my current phone doesn't work? Lame.
@TTSFilms yeah  but guess what? Megan and I are going back in July for like two weeks! You should come visit us  we like never talk...
@Jazzy619 U just put the gloom in my June  I will most def eat something fried!
@alison_carney NYC show is July 18... The promoter booked a band up there for that one...  You know I'd take you if I could!
Hello? I have totally lost my tan. This fucking June gloom is killing me! 
@IslamicWear I am so sorry this happened  Is there a way you can take this to court? May Allah SWT continue to bless your business
Anthropology is doneeee! But I didn't talk about the May 1998 riot, missed the important part due to the time limit 
sucks that i won't be here for the drake, weeezyyy, and @souljaboytellem concert Aug 2.  
@Donutmaster May 29th , yeah katie will.  Will be $30 for me though 
Just an FYI: I WILL BE IN PARIS, FRANCE for 3 months from August until October. I won't produce podcasts, and I won't have any internet. 
I want to play Scribblenauts so bad  Hurry up September
@ahmednaguib bad news for you, iPhone 3G S will be arriving on August 9th in Egypt not July 
@jakemoney  Join the club, buddy!  I haven't been able to stop eating since somewhere around May 17th.  
@Jantunstill i know!! and the fact i'm in their home land when they're in mine in November isn't helping! I leave on Kevin's B-day! 
I've been listening to new ATL and new FTSK all day. I don't think July 7th could come any slower. 
was notified that JumpCut on Yahoo is officially closed May it RIP 
I just found out that Im going to be in Canada on the 4th of July  not stoked.I was looking forward in spending that night with my friends
Biking for Bibles Twitter is over   Visit our new website, www.Biblica.com beta version.  Officially launches in July/
My June goals all at risk   1. finish BSG (half way through) 2. get 10k gamerpoints (am around 9k) 3. finish Feast for Crows (half way in)
KITTY UPDATE: April has taken a turn for the worse...she is now fighting off multiple infections and will not be coming home tonight... 
June 17/06/09.... yet no OS 3.0 for my iPhone 
It June 17th  canna find new iPhone Upgrade ( written a 00.14)
It June 17th  canna find new iPhone Upgrade ( written at 00.14)
@Mar_luvs_NKOTB aww thx!! But yes I turned 32 this month 
T-Mobile wants an extra $50/line to end our contract 2 weeks early, so no iPhone for me until July 
@231flash Sorry sweetie, my bro is coming for the 4th of July and then I am going to the 789 gathering in NY so I can't go!!   
@ChrisBaloga lol, I hope I will when the golf channel picks up ladies golf in September! ESPN till then my dear! 
@Crucial_Xtreme Does that mean the July 13th date for VZW is not good anymore? 
Best nap ever. Now up again watching intervention, sippin on Barcardi lemonade &amp; writing this paper...I'm gonna miss this come July. 
@Terrises Yeah.    Lost the last one in February or March.  I was sad.
@aishatyler You've rescheduled your Raleigh dates, woo hoo! But I've got to wait until Nov!? 
@travelocity My travel story in ten words or less? &quot;Visited Mount Rushmore in March, most attractions closed for winter!&quot;  
@RJ0hnson I ordered it in April &amp; it seems like it's been forever!! Told today it left on a train, will take 2 1/2 weeks 
The Herald-Leader announced mandatory furloughs today. Everyone has to take five days off without pay before mid December. 
Is it normal for it to rain too much during June in Chicago? I miss the sun. 
@davenavarro6767 @ericavery how can it be June and I feel like Summer's over already? Post NINJA blues 
We have a new place to live!!  Moving July 10th!!  Can't wait to have the &quot;family&quot; together again...so sorry April!  
Chillin talkin to April on Yahoo.  No cell phone booo  Verizon sucks!
There was a FIOS party on the block today. Sad news is that our section of the condos won't get FIOS till mid July 
Whoo hoo!!!  The OB cleared me to travel to SC for the 4th of July!  Too bad I'm not allowed to go to Louisville in the end of June.  
California's June gloom is over 
CORRECTION: Twestival LOCAL is on 12 SEPTEMBER (not October). Very sorry for the error.  (via @bnetwestival) LOL shit do happen!
@godandmars I guess I'll see you in July or if DC is at Grapevine Mills whenever you get back. 
@BucketBaby yeah he not coming back til Dec. 
@greekshow Casey and Cappie..definitely should get together! I can't wait for August to come! Grr cliffhangers 
@zachary_house i would like to refer you to our whois listing that shows we registered this domain in Oct. 08 ... but i don't know how 
Me too. This is like Nov4^-1  @therealbeeobee Just changed my location to Tehran and timezone to (GMT +3:30). hope it helps. #iranelection
@indianaal  SOOOOOOOO JEALOUS. I don't have vacation planned till October...  
@bucky4eyes that picture he had made of zoila was classic. Oh! I just found it, he will return August 17. Ah, thought it would be summer 
@ladrupal Hm. I will see if I can make that work, cos it would be really fun. August == last 31 days before Drupal 7 code freeze, though. 
seems like i'm jealous of the people that have already watched 'Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen'..  i still need to wait for June 24
@Irant thank you for sending the Midnight in April download around. it's bloody awesome stuff. so sad there wont be more from them 
 Rehab stops in September..
Oh oh. Shuttle reports not sounding good. Might have wait until July.  
@appletweeter at least you have some days to wait .. we are expecting the 3.0 Iphone at the end of August here in KSA 
@1planet1people mid-year exams...its the middle of the school year...he'll have more in Nov 
Sick of all this June Gloom.   When is the nice weather coming in?
@DJBigApple No - it's winter in June  
@byhchan no I'm in India. Its June 17, 11:37 Am here. I'm at work already!  I'm glad I didn't stay up last nite waiting for it.
http://twitpic.com/7lsyg June 17th in Greece the last 10hrs...disappointment 
I want to look the TCA on August 10 09  But i cant... my tv haven't FOX!!! Because i live in GERMANY ... *cry*
 iPhone 3.0 Update will be avalable June 18! http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/
@wtcc on the website it says &quot;Available June 18th.&quot;  their killin us!
OY! OK, supposedly the release date hasn't changed ... but it has still NOT be released 15 mins. into June 17th   Why am I still awake???
But I wanna go to Chi Town in June...  DPD http://tinyurl.com/ps8qbm
It appears the iPhone 3.0 will only be released on 18 June http://bit.ly/5XdiB  #fb
@therealTiffany Awww it's been pushed back until November?  What are you doing in the meantime?
Not fair! My friend is going to be in Europe until July! Aww I miss her 
Awe, lame.  &quot;This version of the iPhone software (2.2.1) is the current version.&quot;     Hoped &quot;June 17th&quot; might mean &quot;12:01 AM June 17th&quot;
This is June 17 but where's the Iphone 3.0 
@DJ_OBS same here mate  there's nothing official on the site  just says June 17th
@patrickstewart nup, iTunes is telling me 2.2.1 is the current version. Apple Australia site says June 18th 
@ladybug8320  Ahh ok ! I jumped in there back in April ! Surprised I got chucked out ! Not even an offer of a towel either !! 
iPhone 3.0 OS is only coming out on 18 June nooo.  1 more day!? The agony!
Down to eating pot noodles,soup,baked beans &amp; odd ready meal for the week to come - June always is a bad month financially 
Hmmm... May have had too much caffeine today 
&quot;Greek&quot; Season 2 finale = understated, but with an emotional cliffhanger. No more until August 31 
Well I'm happy, lukes gonna be at home against Ipswich for my 21st on October 24, the crowd can sing happy bday. Away for xmas though 
Its a cold and frosty morning .. 46 in the Merrimack valley, and mid June, sunshine today, raining the next week.. 
After watching the pilot for &quot;Glee Club&quot; last night I was left wanting more. The series doesn't start until September 
A bus with the heat on in June. Oh, boy 
I guess Daily papervision3D died - last entry is from 15th April  http://dailypv3d.wordpress.com/
@onebreath I dunno! it says it supposed to be released 17th June!! Which is now for me but I dont know the official release 
iPhone OS 3.0 Downloadable on June 18th. 1 Day delay 
Really hoping  #sflive2010 is in Europe, preferably biarritz ;-) Although February is going to be cold 
According to a quick Google search, got to wait until the 3rd July for the Blue Sq Prem fixtures 
Has finally given up that he will get into champions beta  Roll on September!!!!
Who wants to come to the FleetwoodMac concert Oct. 15? I don't want to go alone 
@davideroverso Hope you can use some holiday to train! I find a walking holiday is no good for running  -&gt; had a shock last August
My laptop died. I am so so sad. No personal computer until July.  Bye bye twitter!
I see some people don't seem to have slept much.   Haven't used AC for 2 days! whoohoo. incredibly cool for June.
Schools finally out! Which is amazing cause its only the middle of June. Cat attacked me this morning at 530. no sleeping in. 
 being a bit sad hearing my BMW will only be delivered around October 15th. But than I am still a week in Tuscany....
@nutone boooo I'm not open for upgrade till Feb 2010! 
Got up this morning and walked in the pouring rain to a toddler group that wasnt happening.  and wont be back until late August
@greenyclara I guess it isn't on anymore!  I'm supposed to help plan it actually. Was thinking of having it in July instead on a weekend.
@EverywhereTrip No, no new iPhone for me.  I bought the 3G last July, so I'm forced to wait until December for the better price.
@dgtlpapercuts I'm not sure if  1pm is correct. Now Apple's website says June 18th http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/ 
just bought my vegas tickets. Be there July 2nd. Failed at my first two attempts to satty the ME though 
FREE root beer float at A&amp;W Restaurants on Friday, June 19th! Too bad there's not one in my area.  
@trekkerguy Launch was postponed.   Mission won't happen until July.  Weak.
Thinking about getting tix for my kids and myself for Pink in Brisbane in August , not sure if budget can stretch to three tix though.  
Boo hoo another two very good friends leaving at the end of July 
His last game of regular season is Sunday, so that means I don't get much of his time for a hot minute.   Can't wait for August!
So... i hate this flight. Gonna miss my 1 year anniversary, possibly July 4th, and HP movie  At least i'll be in russia?
@Quiiggiiee why did u cancel the gig in Buckley  on the 18th July, was gonna meet u dude x
No annual 4th of July party at the Belden's this year. Boo.... 
Peyton broke her ankle at gymnastics last night. May need surgery. Prayers please. 
Ok so class starts July 7...cant wait. 1 problem...no one to watch Lady 
@allerhed it was confirmed at WWDC 2009 like a week and a half ago! Unlucky us! Can't upgrade till October 
@wind4me the wheels are following off like whoa -- $NGLPF &amp; $APWR -- yikes! I told you I thought rest of June/early July would be rough 
Yoga is done on Thursday and there will be no more until September  Goodbye sweet rock hard ass.
Very upset ... iPhone update only available June 24  slow ass Canada.
Where's the OS 3.0? Here in Australia is already 18, June.... 
@socialitejungle according to MotherNature, Summer won't be around till August! Yes, what is up wit this weather??? More rain later today 
Planning to go somewhere for holiday in Jul / Aug but then the H1N1 is getting worse!  Can't forsee what will happen 
Shuttle launch delayed to July by hydrogen leak. http://bit.ly/Wm4HH 
@surf_and_turf in Dallas on July 5th. this would have been 6th year to go 
Shuttle will launch no earlier than July 11th.  The quick disconnect was leaking again. Another month till my satellite flies... 
Good-bye June gloom, HELLO finals. 
@peskyjay@mirthxx sorry guys no chapter today  It's all Jan's fault lol
@StacieSanders I know the feeling... I haven't been to NC since November 
Oi. I woke with a headache this morning. It's raining at the end of June, and I'm stuck to the car allllllllll day long. 
No concerts or gigs until October when I see Bring Me The Horizon (how depressing) 
Babysitting like a mad woman this month for some extra cash. Awesome, but I won't get to hang out with Tom until like September 
@flyingjenny @apacheman just saw the launch is delayed until July because of hydrogen. Bummer. 
I feel like chicago has turned into Seattle, where is the Sun, it's June 17th and I still don't have a tan 
@JJJ09 Getting prepared materials for June were posted 2 days after our June meeting (6.14) 
just a friendly reminder that the early registration discount for camp must be postmarked by June 19th. Staff will go up to full price 
@RFofficial me too!!! will have to wait until September to see it again, though! God, if only I could come see you at Wimbledon 
@maggiem85 I don't think so  but maybe in September for Labor Day!
@maccast Apple is saying June 18th now is the date. 
My iPhone order still says &quot;Prepared for Shipment&quot; leading me to believe &quot;Delivers by June 19th&quot; is not true. 
@grahamhancock Still stinks for me  - Now 1 of our iPhones is eligible June 18th and the other one is eligible 3/10/2010
 Last day of work until September. I'm going to miss my kindergarteners!!
@chipcoffey I am so sad!  I just found out about your being with Roswell Ghost Tour on July 4...I'm a big fan and I'll be out of town. 
Hello everybody! Milk refund effective June 1! Make sure your container has the stamp on it or no refund  http://bit.ly/1bzCl0
@MisfitRhi barely saw this reply...but yeah, my grandpa was 99 and he passed on April 30  sad times. My condolences for your loss as well.
@jwage Sounds like you guys won't have the turnout you wanted for SF training  Fiscal budget renews July 1 = hard to get funds before.
@pedestrienne My food jinx has struck again - the yoghurt I've been buying since last August has now disappeared from the local Tescos 
@Crichton_Kicks yeah, the latest one came out in April, right? I just finished watching those, but i totally want more soon 
@chicitysoulstar hey snuckums!!!! SOoooooo I won't be going to Cali in August 
still cant get over Britneys and Ciaras performance at the O2 on 13th June! so sad thats its over now  x x
Working on her rug. It might be ready for my college dorm but probably not for August.  Sadness!
Might do some freelance tonight to try and fund a trip to Denver for 4th of July weekend. If I can't, I won't see my honey for 3 weeks. 
@eye4style I was very impressed. Wonderful style. I'll have to learn about their sizing. There is a top I like in L... May be too big. 
@mijustin No Tethering till June 19 for Rogers. 
@VictoriaDahl It's listed as &quot;In Stock&quot; but w/ 2 day shipping, delivery estimate is 23 June.  T
Damn we in the middle of June and its still gonna be raining the rest of the week and its cold man....WTF! 
Wishing I was still at Fenway on this ONE sunny June day..and not at my computer working on scripts 
@johannajoie July 10th! Are you kidding me. That's the week I'm on holiday and probably won't have access to internet 
@ALBsharah I'm right behind you.  Don't get my iphone until July 31.  Have to smog and register the Jeep 1st.  
@BleezyBad4 Yeah till the middle of July  then I'm moving back to Chicago!!! U?????
I'm soooo tired... wish I didnt have to get up at 3:30 am.... SAD DAY   Can it be June 26th yet?????
Then they cancelled it in June Go figure now I am 5 months behind explain that one to a crying 5 year old that she doesnt want to move 
@goodfellas773 Nobody knows. I'm really sick all the time. July 7th I have surgery to remove a large kidney stone  I'm almost 24 ...
@cinemabizarre http://twitpic.com/7o6dl - August   Well I have patience ;)
@Clinique_Oz Hi Jane =D I finished up about Aug/Sept last yr, unfortunately... I miss it all so much...(esp the staff shop  lol)
@oliviamunn which month? Stores have June still. Your not on cover 
Having some fun  with the new iPhone update. Oh well hope it's worth it, althought the picture text does not work till late July.
Never mind my earlier #ChiSec tweet - confused the June 18th announcement f/Austin http://bit.ly/15MzId w/the March 18th one in Chicago 
It turns out that she will leave for India in July 
Way to go #Braves!  Last 4 seasons:  June comes and they fall apart. 
VERY sad I wont be going to Melbourne in August....concert is cancelled 
@francolee Wow~ Franco,you started in Feb but you never update 
@cherryblossom Already bought on in November.  Sorry.  
Just realized.. Victoria starts band the 7th, so if she's grounded, I have nothing to do  the rest of June &amp; the month of July.  Hmph.
I'm heartbroken.. No El Salvador in July which means I have to wait til October to see my sis 
Looking for a harpist for June 28th has never been so troublesome! Bummer. 
@cbsyo Ohhh well   I've already got tickets for the Columbus show...if it's good, I'll go again in September LOL
So today's June B-Days cake 'festival' was a little low on cake it seems.  I only had one piece. 
@fitnewbie Sure, I'm still hoping I can get the card replaced on warranty. It has a 12 mo and I bought in May 08. Go figure... 
@imogenheap cause you're amazing at not playing &gt;30 seconds! Good news for you, but sad for us  hahaha can't wait til 24 August!
AUGUST OSAGE COUNTY to ClosE!?!?! June 28th 
I will be doing a workshop with @nfrank at HighEdWeb in Oct same time as AdobeMax  but a good time none the less. Sign-up!
@trishakeeling We don't meet during the summer though.   Just Sept - June.  I'm sorry
12:45 am - May I transfer to an inbound green line train?  The MBTA says no 
Just leaving work...Herbie had to get jumped again  May need an alternator (I hope not) I wish I knew more about cars. I'm dumbfounded
@PaulBarksdale by the way...I arrive in Birmingham on the 1st of July go home on the 4th    would love to see you!!
@Jess_Jade November 25th... so i get 2 winters this year  at least one will be in the snow!!!
@GoddessofPR ...I don't think I'm going to Essence  I do plan on going to Shive's launch party Aug. 1 since I write 4 them now thanks 2 u.
Last day of school for me was Jun. 17th!  That was my last yr. of middle school 
@lilchelseafufu The Keys are definitely great this time of year, pre-hurricane season! My fam's going down July 17-22...might be too late 
Tom hugged me. May have an STD going to the doctors now 
@tpr2 Yes sir, I certainly am. Just got 2 the point where wow - July would be 25 yrs since my 1st one. Never imagined I'd smoke this long 
My hearth is filled with sorrow and sadness for my fellow Iranians! May God bless my brothers and sisters. 
@shanequa363 oh, sounds like fun but Beyonce will be in attendence July 5 so I can't make that trip... 
@__vasia__ 24. Finished school around October. Looking for a job. But it's hard 
#ideserveaholiday We deserve a holiday as we had a baby in Sept08 - worst time ever - Imagine 1 job paying bills for 3 mouths  need a hol!
@joyce_ap Sept 11-14?  business trip ba yan? or with friends lang? naka pa book na kasi kami  
- sad she won't be able to see Little Brother at Jazz Cafe on 1st July  However, I will NOT miss Eric Roberson on 8th/9th of October.
@dhempe Shaadi 19th Nov ko hai. Engagement treat has long been pending i know.  @ektz @nishitd @daaku @fagunb
-sad she won't be able to see Little Brother at Jazz Cafe on 1st July  However, she will NOT miss Eric Roberson on 8th/9th of October.
Gutted - Come to work, find out #MarsVolta are playing in London tonight AND the 13th July.  I already have commitments on both occasions 
@Get_mummy_a_gin inventing this bullet is going slowly. May have to return to writing! Cariah may be releasing a new album after all 
Noes! The Conduit has been delayed in EU til July 10 
Rise and Shine? I might rise but I certainly am not shining  Another gloomy day here in WNY.. rain with a high of 65 today; isn't it June?
@firefaunx So what's Balto' really like , I visited in all the snow in March I was stuck in my hotel at the airport most of the time 
@easidream Hi, thanks! Was not at Harrogate, we are a new company with no products yet   Expecting to launch at the BPA show in October
Checked ATT's site &amp; I'm not eligible for 3GS upgrade until March 2010  @least wifey can upgrade in August #fb
@GeckoKid October  Bit of a bummer, really.
@TakeoRey Im not eligible to upgrade untill October  and not paying full price to get new iPhone
Is it raining everywhere? But I swear its June? Weather knows how to ruin my day  Any help #trackle #squarespace
Stitch til 630. Is it November 21 yet?  I miss Space Mountain 
Paranoid on music channels! I so want the last few days back  November is such a long way away lol
@SkydiverTilt  Well we have to print it first!!  Files off to printer, but they wont be shipping out until July 1st    But thanks!
Need a dam Holiday, August 13 wont come quick enough!!! 
@babygirlparis Well it's cloudy in Lisbon. I am working since 8 a.m. And I have only holiday in August  - Bruno Beja
@c2thety Hate you too, Louise. See you in September.  
@mjcostajr Right here ... Fairly new iPhone user (since May 2009) ... basically no eligibility. Check back in a year 
@kokapellie Not sure yet. Jim is trying to clean something with it now to see if it helps. May have to call someone 
Stupid rain...its fricken June...at least I don't have to wet the grass...but my new car is not shiny anymore 
@jeffpulver might be tough with a baby due on October 13th ..     Argh..
And I haven't say goodbye yet.. &quot;/  And now we're not going to see or meet each other in a long time until August. That sucks!
@johna_picco We're actually signing a lease on a place today, moving in July 1. Sadly we won't be in by wedding time!  Miss you too, love!
According to AT&amp;T, I qualify for a &quot;standard iPhone upgrade&quot; on Dec 28 2009   #attfail
Looks like #BudTheSpud is back on the north side of the library at least until the end of August. Couldn't find anyone to buy their truck 
April is OVER! Why is it still raining every day?  
Having a clear schedule? Not possible in my family. Leaving &quot;at 9&quot; can't happen. May miss jeopardy 
is not amused by the Hole 'reunion' and is clinging on the vague possibility that it's some kind of hideously mistimed April Fools. 
@craft ur URLs are being cut short  May I suggest is.gd or bit.ly or url.ie as alternatives as shorter?
omggggg so exited 4 July cant wait youtube is like down cant watch What The Buck yet 
La la la. I need to get off my booty and start blogging again! I haven't posted since May 2. I suck 
@chris_brawl @emma_on_toast Shot down in the prime of life.  May he rest in peace 
Market Erases all gains of the week  http://www.digitaleg.com/Digital_Egypt/digital-egypt-articles/June-18-Market-Report.html
@ccorsano  I hate you so much!! Won't get to Argentina 'til August!! 
I miss my best friend  Havent seen her since March. fdjsakfdsa. I love you  &lt;3
@greggrunberg 100% agree!!! iPhone with 3.0 ROCKS!!! 3G[S] here only in August... 
@PixlSequence You dont  AT&amp;T Wont support MMS until the end of the summer (I think I heard sometime in August)
oh no! I'm at a school trip with my class June 26th! but I don't know if I can buy my fave CD there! 
@Skeith27 Unless today is September 15, 2009 you won't be buying Scribblenauts. 
Upset I have to wait until Dec for the new iPhone!  I refuse to pay $499 when I can get for $299! AT&amp;T bastards.
@9_6 oops i thought this month was July  .. #STIG #FTW 
we pushing for a Feb.2010 release for the debut...i doubt it tho  but still that good news lol
Eating the last of my &quot;green stuff&quot; (ie Watergate salad).    May make some more tonight as it's really good!
Excited about my first letter from babe &lt;3 Stressin over these summer classes!  uuuggghhh....Ready for August...
@sdmts Getting to work is easy it's getting home that is now a SERIOUS PAIN since June 14 service changes!! 
thunder.thunder.thunder.BOOM! what is up with all of the thunder storms and rain in June?!?! i miss the sun. 
@findevan there's an UPDATE!!?? dammit. i have to wait until July to get it. 
Just got caught up with House. The season 5 finale blew my mind. Season 6 doesn't start 'til late September 
RIP Khyler Eric Reynolds  Born Monday June 15, 2009... alive for 1 hour 
June gloom now over. The bloddy sun has returned. Gotta wear sunblock again 
interveiw today. loads of coursework to do, by 29th June. Then i can get onto year 2. had a really bad sleep last night 
@Lizzs_Lockeroom A single woman. I'm going to my friend's destination wedding in September...dateless. But i'm cool with it...  lol
attempting to get tickets to the JoBro concert in November... no luck 
@honey4704 I still haven't found a new apartment  are we going to see Bobby in October?
wish I was going to the DMB / Jason Mraz concert in August 
@filmcriticbeta 30th Oct on the Wii??? Long wait 
Someone come with me to Field Day in London on August 1st 
3 mile run and its fuckin hott out...June Gloom come back! 
@SimplyStef That sounds good but I am going to Cali early August!  We should get a fun trip together soon!
I now have what will hopefully be a good doctor's appt scheduled for July 9th here in Houston. Cancelled with my NOLA doctor... sad. 
@tinax88 oops my bad  probably less sports from now until October, gd to meet another Coq twitter-er?
@sampan22 I know something: You go to Crete and buy me tix for nkotb.. lol... never mind.. I can't go in Oct... 
@dj_wonder Don't worry about it, you have to have had 1000 friends before 31st May to qualify 
@RetroRewind I loved Michael Bolton because of this song lol....now about March 1999, did I miss the song you played for that month? 
Sergio is leaving me for the entire month of July!!! 
Goodbye Pontiac  the final Pontiac will be built in August  http://digg.com/u166pS
Rain, rain, go away...it's June, not April.    This is messing up my summer.
I hate falling. Think my massage Mon has awoken the wipeout I took @smartwick's house. May have to have @doctornoel fix me. 
@galmoughraby Oy Vey no AC in Texas in June? 
@Gen215 it looks like I might be cutting it close. June 26-27 is next week 
Blackberry Tour comes out for Telus on July 15th. Should I switch to that one? I really loved my Storm though.  :/ What to do?
@droplr May I please get a beta invite? I missed the deadline earlier...  Droplr looks AMAZING!
Good bye Dirt Cheap    November 30, 2003 - June 18, 2009.   I will miss you. Tiffany
@JocelynnDrake According to Chapters web site - August 25th. I know, too long. Sorry to be the bearer or bad news 
I'm a bit jealous, Brandy leaves for the Bahamas in the morning; I gota wait until next Sept. B4 I get to go 
going to soak in the tub... any good Marathons in October that are still open? Marine Corp is closed. 
@melaniewashere Yea...im not eligible until December though...so that doesnt help me 
I forgot my phone at home AGAIN. The second time since January. 
Can't wait to see &quot;The Time Travelor's wife&quot; soon! so long way to go, 15th August... 
term is over   See you all in October.
@brighteyes035 yes! I got the email about live autographs.. My bday is July 5.  belated bday present!
Mad Men season 3 preview! http://bit.ly/oy0wq  It's not on til Aug. though 
@sassy1jenn I know Im sorry I was on my way to April's graduation....sorry 
@ajresq No but it's going to go in for repair in mid July when I can afford to be without it for 2 weeks. the connector for GPS broke 
@wendyrockstar na it's not happening!  I've already booked an LA trip in Oct and can't justify going in Aug as well
@koolbanana12  I don't know her, but I am praying for Maggie and her family. May God grant her strength and peace through this storm.
@stampingheather Nope, I placed two orders on June 1 but the catty order was placed first so it didn't generate one with my regular order 
@__sadie I won't be in NYC anymore when they go on sale  I leave August 1.
@littlebitlil 26 Sept for me, 1 Oct for you. HOW MUCH DOES IT SUCK 
is missing my best friend too much! Can't it be August already!!! 
Arrrrr, i shall resume my &quot;June Holiday Daily Routine&quot; thingy today. But i just ate curry chicken (fattening). I'm screwed. 
@kathyleenjoy I've been pretty much obssessed over Anoop since Feb..lol.   How about you?
@lkutner my contract isn't up til Jan 
Not fair, the Dry July team has overtaken Kinetics on the fundraising league.  
@FTLolz BTW, you're still on the list! I'm so excited for Dland, I haven't been since April 
No luck in getting 3GS in HK. Since living here now I need a phone but Apple won't release 3GS in HK till July 
@itschristablack  I'll get a proper copy as soon as it's out - but I couldn't wait any longer -.-* I'm from Germany.Release: June 26th 
May try to install Win7 this wkend, but no more partitions left so may need to replace vista  Also need to get it working with grub
- @littlecharva - the full voice control is making me want iPhone 3GS, but 02 will charge me a fortune as my 3G contract not up til April 
Ugh. Woke up with a splitting headache. May be migrane. 
Java Jazz July 26th?? I think so! time to sleep!!! ahhhhh i hate medications that keep you awake 
My company is forcing us to take 2 weeks of vacation &amp; one week unpaid between now &amp; Sept 4th.  Sounds like layoffs may be ahead.  
I badly want to go to the iTunes Live festival on the 1st July, but I'll be on holiday 
@alexbrown1972 yeah  official last day 28th July, but might be sat in The Garden Of Leave for a bit.
Looks like I am going to miss this month's #IDC-India meetup (on 27th June)   
@June_Bear awww nothing exciting just parking for tonight 
@t0ybreaker Tried Midway, can take an NWA 1-stop but it only saves $24   I can fly to Barcelona in Sept. for $298 but Chi-town is $378?!?
Sick!  who gets a cold... In June ?
Friday, June 19 - Camps are rained out. Saturday, June 20- Car Wash canceled. Thunderstorms expected  Next week so far looks pretty sunny!
And i'm so hating my breakout due to my medication.  someone pls show me fast fwd time clock to Oct pls!
The Twilight Zone - RIP - June 19th 1964  http://bit.ly/DlV3z
Need to get outside and feed and water chickens. May put up a tarp so they'll have more shade. Supposed to be 100F today 
@Khoa_Huynh I haven't worked since October! Moved to Liverpool and can't find a job  does seem strange that we graduated a year ago now!
God dammit, I sat my exams in January and yet all these people have got their results. I wanna know mine 
@LOCALDUDER - We don't get any fresh Dexter episodes until Sept. 
Apparently I missed NIN on June 9th. 
@Cara_x aw mannnn  cos the dykeenies are playin on the 9th July and i really want to go lol but its over 18's
It's official.  Timmy Ho's is closing at the end of June.    I love where I work, but the coffee SUCKS.  What am I going to do?
1: Was on hold for Rogers 40min  2: I'm not eligable to upgrade to 3GS until July 11   3: If I wanna buy it, $799 O_O
I want to watch Lady Gaga's concert on August 11 soooo bad  I hope they'll change the date because Aug. 11 is a Tuesday :|
@Projectstudios I believe it's June 24th.  Still another week away.
Just realized I don't qualify for a &quot;true&quot; iPhone upgrade price until April. Even if I steal my patents upgrade it's Jan. Crushed! 
Getting ready to ride bikes from Pittsburgh to Seven Springs. May get posponed due to weather 
UPDATE: Marcus Foster's gig at The Troubadour on June 21st has been cancelled 
UPDATE: Marcus Foster's gig at The Troubadour on June 21st has been cancelled 
@drumdog00 I'm upgrading me, Brooke is not eligible until Dec I think, or maybe next year... 
@ASOS_Sara The complete season two is out in September...! Far too long to wait! 
@darrylohrt Your summer tour looks great, we have to get you some Cdn clients! I'll be in NOLA mid July unfrtunately  http://bit.ly/iFWuW
@angelfruity I know Dawn... it's that time of the month where I am running low on funds, July is going to be loads worse! 
@trilliannext Could've came if it was in August lol. That price is only valid for 5 days 
@davidlorvis Thanks for the #FF!  @fisc0292 and I are going out to P-Town on July 11th.  Too bad you won't be there this time! 
@BeckyinAtlanta Still waiting for summer to arrive!  It's been a cool wet June here. 
Michael is still waiting for money from a graphic design job carried out in September 2008  small claims court here I come . . .
thinking about KL in July...I wanna go crazzyyy I wanna meet my babyyyyyy....  
Kyte live video streaming coming to Android in September. No news of @qik tho 
@timothyevans OK, you caught me.  My contract with T-mobile doesn't expire until January..plus not sure if can get AT&amp;T service by me 
Freedom for a week and then taking Biology all July 
@disil429 cuz I am depressed says the doc and need to see a shrink. Well she sch. Me an appt at the end of July. And no meds yet 
@Damien_Mills ewww. Jealous. iPhone 3G S sounds cool. But stuck in 3G contract until June 2010 
@Rossdp Well done. I will now attempt to get it up. May be hard due to my erectile disfunction. 
@jbruin Don't feel bad Jenn, I've got to wait until September when I'm cleared for early upgrade...You'll be posting videos WAY before me 
@rogbi200 I have to wait until Dec to run my contract down  Unless....
Joe's interview with Kiss108 in online now! He says they will take at least a year off starting in July 
Wishing I had played hookie from work to go see Dane Cook, in Omaha on June 12  !!!
Damn you o2 changing your upgrade policy and making me wait 8 months. May as well wait for 3GS+1 
@SidK85 started few days back. May be I need to switch to firefox and install plugin to unleash the full potential. Not liking in chrome 
Getting ready to leave for Robin's funeral - our daughter April's childhood friend 
@owillis according to Gallup, satisfaction was high at 36% in early May, and has dropped ever since. People don't like gov't takeovers.. 
Too hot and potentially stormy for our planned and anticipated family outing to ValleyFair today.  Now we have to wait til August 
Apparently AT&amp;T doesn't know why I don't qualify for the new upgrade pricing; I bought the iPhone 3G last July! No 3G S for me  @ATTNews
@she_eats egg-zact-amundo .. they're rockin folks! I met up with them when I was in Houston back in May. We werent connected then 
Any of you guys lucky enough to get the #iPhone #3GS? I'm not eligible until Jan, so I'm waiting until the 4th gen next June. 
@vmperella  I understand the tradeoff!! May be time to invest in fake ID. j/k ;)
Oct 9th... but with running zombies   http://bit.ly/JUdfK
@ginatrapani Yes but have to wait until January to be eligible for an upgrade  Still rocking my 2G though!
Wishing I could go see Bonobo in Montreal on July 11th...but they don't start til midnight and I have a wedding to go to the next day. 
@joedale i know, I am v sad  Wendy Phipps from NICILT talking today about getting you over next June?
@libertymarket Actually, I didn't make it out of the house.  There's a rumor that more layoffs are going to occur around Jul. 8.
Found a great thread on the Etsy forum, offering to promote new shops - wrote a nice reply, and then noticed the thread was from Oct 08! 
@fyberoptic I don't plan to go out-of-doors until late September. But then again, I have a weenie roast tonight, and a Snipe Con in July! 
Following this game- http://www.aiononline.com/us/ -being developed for the west; looks AMAZING. May get beta key by tonight but doubtful 
@madifers April &amp; Bekah both can't come! 
@jeff_lamarche @rentzsch via @c4 had Sep25-27, but 360idev conf is the same weekend, maybe an optimistic hope they would move it earlier. 
 left my new scarf in Gail's car. Really sick of the rain, June on the seacoast is supposed to be beautiful.
@chungallery I probably won't come hang at the gallery today. May have to liberate sis fr the child since she's sick.  Raincheck?
Gosh, it's turned oh so cold for a nice hot June 
@michaelthomas want mine sorted by end of Aug so it's ready to have new projects fed into a template as they're done..self brand to come 
Lacy and Dakota pups will be here approx. July 6th   Rosie had false pregnancy   Sasha pups coming in mid August
OFF to Victorville on the 30 &lt;33 Won't be here for 4th of July  But I'll be in contact.
5ks in 34 minutes... aim 4 Sep is in 30. Early morning tweets 
Bronx Pride has been cancelled, rescheduled for Aug. 8th because of rain. 
I hate Gallaraga right now...I mean since his last win in April! 
Jun got a cramp in my leg TWICE while sleeping. 
Daddy has heart surgery scheduled for July 8th up at Albany Med 
@prestonlowe well Im actually leaving Miami July 2Nd thru aug 10th 
Bad news: We missed our flight to SD  Good news: we'll be back July 4th weekend!
@MikalM assuming apple release another this time next year. My contract ends in April so I'm left with sweet fuck all for a few months 
@CamdynJonas  Maybe they'll change it back before August.
June 19th is the happiest day of the year. Poven with a mathmatial formula. Google it I can't cause I'm driving 
Hmmm... iPhone activation servers obviously haven't imporved since last launch. May take up to 2 days 
@carlottap So lucky...you will see him end of Sept. We have to wait til Feb 
I will be very sad if play.com is correct and we won't get the TW soundtrack til the end of July. 
ALL David COOK t-shirts to be discontinued after July - up to 15% off until then.  http://bit.ly/jpIuL I'll be sad to see them go! 
@etoilequirit My BBB post date isn't until June 27th  But yay for prompts!!! (I can email you, if you want) 
@Mar_luvs_NKOTB haha I'm sad I didn't go to todays show  it was sooooooooo good!!
@TooManyHats thanks, it's JNerd's job. Ends Jul15th. 
Don't know if I'll head to BKHH festival 2moro in the rain  but dang I wanna experience my first @afropunk  Festival July 5th in BK
what the fuck. @MadinaLake and @Silverstein playing at St. George in August? why why why August and why why why St. fucking George? 
@tdwnds1 I'm on extension, too.  Been furloughed since September, by the time I got my CFI no flight schools were hiring.
@MicaDsGirl sorry!  I'm in a goofy mood!  Omg! I could see him in July and august! Swoon
@louievito http://twitpic.com/6lsi8 - Better than a photo shoot in June in Florda 
@deanjrobinson Do give us some rain. Big bad drought will stay until October, hah. And yea, suicide rate's on the rise 
Geez....... hockey is over with till October. And I'm bored already, don't know what to watch on TV now 
Its only been a week since the hockey season ended :/  ..and i MISS it aready!! Grrrr!!!! I want it to be October!!!! 
Awww everyone is missing the lakers games. Dude I miss it too (so much). Ughhhh I wish it's October already 
had a long day up at Roswell, prep for my surgery, found out my surgery date is July 17th! ...eeek  ...could this get ne more not fun?
@DonnieWahlberg Donnie, I lost my mom tonight! I missed seeing you guys. April needed reasurance, didnt get it 
@ltsylvia No  Not 'til July 2! But depending which hotel I'm at, I sometimes get free internet. =D
&quot;WSJ: Jobs had liver transplant, on schedule to return to work in June.&quot; If this is true, I truly wish Steve a full and speedy recovery. 
I can't wait until July 1st...classes will be over and maybe I'll finally get a break? Everything is too stressful right now. Help 
Product Update:  The new Nike Sportbands release date has just been pushed back to 1st July 
@ErinFMain oh no! TT AND a massive sugar rush??? May the fates preserve us all 
@nsane8 August is still along way off   I cant wait to see her in Parenthood series, that be a different role.
Hmmm, lovely weather we are having.... Im dreading July and August 
@handcircus it's the morning of June 20th and it's not some ridiculous hour here and the new Rolando 2 video isn't up! 
Turns out my Actionsampler has some film in it! Which I found out by opening the back  May be some interesting light leaks now...
@Natik89 Well the weather is like in April, raining all day long  Could you already finish all your exams?
@lollipop26 good idea il try do it through mediaconvertor.org from Youtube, their album is out 6th July i think &amp; il be in cypus 
I found out that Sae (boyfriend) is leaving Australia on July 17th  im really sad now.
So, has someone forgot to tell June that it's summertime? It's chilly and grey today in Sussex! No freckle hunting today 
Jun! i'm so sorry. i do want to be with you, but I've been so busy lately 
Just finished the first week of the new job, all going well so far. Don't have internets at home until 3rd of July though 
Going to miss HALESTORM TODAY    .................May go see them tomorrow  
this is my one and only twitter (loco92  ) 4:22 AM May 14th
@Mattdavelewis Did you do a voice recording for the HBP game? I already have it pre-ordered, not out til July 3rd here in Ireland though 
@gloomyle I wonder how much the 3gs would cost me with that deal. Probably close to a grand  Oh well i can upgrade from December 18th!!!
I thought I could return my 3G and get the 3GS for less, but I was wrong.  You have to be eligible for an upgrade in July, Aug, or Sept.  
@panacea81 I cant upgrade to the 3Gs till December 
WTF is up with all this rain? It's Jume not April. 
I also HATE cold weather  In June.
@Sonadora you are fairly south of me, I won't see tomatoes from the garden til Aug.,  if this weather stays the same. 
Chay con Ram roi.  May chay cham qua'.
@AtlTeen Awww  Mar misses u
@TickleMeJoey I won't be  BUT I am attending your incredibly 'going to be amazing' Manchester date in November 
Just saw YouTube video on Islamic demographics. Combined with the June Gloom, this could develop into serious depression 
Just ordered Zach Galifianakis' sunglasses from The Hangover. Sold out until July 7th. 
Talked to family on East coast and now depressed that I'm not with them. June gloom not helping. Heavy sigh.  
Showers in Chennai in the middle of June. Though it's a welcome change, officially I get the feeling that the climate is bamboozled 
@RustedRoot I'm so bummed I can't see you guys tonight  Hopefully see you Sept back in the burgh when I'm visiting home
@wstmjonathan I hate June Gloom!!! It makes me so sad  I love the sun!!!
@Agilesmusic muah!!  I wish I could send you some sunshine but we don't have none! LOL!  Got the June gloom out this way too 
chillin.. too hot outside!!! Texas heat in the middle of June.. 
I'm missing the entire Torchwood mini-series in July! 
@abesentaserpis Alkaline Trio is playing RiotFest in Chicago, October 7-11 but I don't know what day yet  Want...
@absentaserpis Alkaline Trio is playing RiotFest in Chicago, October 7-11 but I don't know what day yet  Want...
My grandmother sold her house on the Cape.  We have till October..it's time to rage!
This chick I  havent talked to since Feb just called and said shes bored &amp; wants to do something. I wanted to say I have a gf but I don't 
daaaaaaaaaamn no iTouch for two weeks.. trying to get tickets for Jo-Bros concert in November  not going good!
OBVIOUSLY sumthin's wrong w/ my twitter acct, posting follower ads constantly. May have 2 delete &amp; start over. Sorry guys 
@mervlukeba I've rewatched Series 3 of Skins about 5 times now. January can't come soon enough 
Why is disneyland blocked off in July?! The entire thing is in red. I guess tomorrow is my last day to go 
Just went to wagamamas for dinner and had cheesecake at the anchor - funtimes  sadly our house's &quot;May Ball&quot; is no longer happening 
I wish I had twitpic in April... now I can take a picture of the sundae I am going to eat, not Quinto or HRG.... 
@AriaaJaeger LUV the RenFest.. ours doesn't start until Sept though 
@Ipswich772 lucky sod. Mines gone for work  back at end of June.
@thorpus I had no idea Murky had closed. I hadn't been there in a little while, even before I moved to Charlottesville in March. 
just when I thought summer was here, June Gloom returns 
@April__Watson i really, really wish i could...but i don't think anyone would understand. especially if it's a jbfbdb-er 
@HannahHylen: I'm SO jealous. I have to wait until the 28th of July in STL! 
@trielly So sorry to hear about yr journalist frnd.Am in same situation  tho' yr friend prob diff from mine.May've sent msg 2 yr frnd 
when you're gone, I wanna go too- like Johnny and June; Missing him. 
@MsNabilalah They have been here last year, in June, but I was on vacation at that moment!  BUT!!! they are coming again on Nov. 13th! D
Pray for my friend. Her father was hit by a drunk driver today. May he rest in peace and be in heaven. 
@Sukess I have 9, the A one. Did 8 is January, so so so hard. 
@jsafetysuit OMG i  just noticed you are in Chesaning Mi on July 13th.I so want to be there! I have to see  what I can work out, work day 
@SURFjordanSon i think imma pass on SP  bummer i know, DXC is June 28th i hope u can make it bro.
I need a new phone  Although... Trinidad in app. 10 daays. June 29th is going to be the start of a wicked vacation.
I am going to bawl during any Early November song 
@Prairies I think teachers finish for Term 2 on July 3. They get a two week break. I don't get that. 
@Jonasbrothers I wish I could be there! I live in Alabama though.  Oh well Ill see you guys on August 16 and 22!
@garygannon Please let me know how it is if possible.  Hawai'i isn't getting the movie till July 
Worst day ever  Work was horrible, lost all my money and wallet and ID. I'm giving up on June 20th, 2009.
@jakeofficial  I miss your tweets.   But I'm seeing you July 24th at the CFD when you're there with Kenny Chesney.
Omg! I dreamt of @theBeatFreaks at Orlando last night. Some of the Ningers were there too. I wish i could go there on July.  #beatfreaks
SO excited for the month of July!! Friend's wedding and then California bound!! I miss the beach 
ohno! May hamster Bijou has passed on  #fb
@bgleslie Auditions were back in May.  We missed them 
August is so far away  at least I get to go to the beach this week and see J.Lew the next.
@EdsonBuddle Great game played today! too bad for the lose  but i'll get to see you guys play again on July 4th! 
Just found out that I have to wait 'til August to see &quot;Up&quot; here. 
London, July 4th: Madonna starts the second leg of the S&amp;S Tour AND broadcasts the recorded version on TV, only there. Ugh, I'm jealous 
Seriously contemplating going to Chicago in July, just 1 week too late to see the guys. 
May actually whip out the kiddie pool tomorrow. This time I'll have to fill it with water &amp; not beer  http://myloc.me/4MMC
Another day ends. Though ending somewhat quickly I cant complain of how it turn out. Too bad theres no holidays in July 
Another day ends. Though ending somewhat quickly I cant complain of how it turn out. Too bad theres no holidays in July  #fb
@jobros787 How are we gonna meet? I'm not going to Aug. 19th. sal;gjsidusalkjh 
for the 2nd yr in a row someone has called me on June 21st to wish me happy birthday MAD excited...and then i have to bring em down. 
@billyraycyrus Wishing I had been in Oregon tonight also. You Rock Thrillbilly. Have to wait until August when you come to NJ. 
http://twitpic.com/7zl86 - Last picture of mine that's taken by Bro. Ceci  May 31 '09.
@ddlovato I wish!  Too bad I live in Canada! Oh well, I'll still be trekking it to Grand Rapids in August! Can't ... http://bit.ly/adQ7W
@AKAdemic07 R u comin to visit r 4 school? I went to see The Hangover tonight. I miss our movie nights.  My program ends July 17
Just watched 'Coldplay: Live in Sydney 2003' on ABC2. I wish I went to one of their concerts in March this year 
Walking through memory lane - June 6th 2008 - my wedding day. Need to fix my blog, picture links expired 
June is cold and hungry and her family has abandoned her. Where did they go? No note or anything? Not even pick up my calls? 
@No1JoBrosFan Yes but the serie will be available that in September in France on disney channel 
I want to know all my favourite peoples birthday, I missed Carl Barats i on June 6 
ahhh and this one was in Jan. 09 right before his 3rd brain surgery. He was on high dose steroids  http://bit.ly/IGfl9
I would like so muuch go to the Jonas Brothers's show 26th November (l) But I can't 
@kleins315 I bet! Tomorrow basically! I'm a bit nervous bout it all now  goodbye July! Why is it hmm?
@TferThomas Not what I heard, it was supposed to be ready in May, it's now June  Let me know when you're on Skype and we can have a chat;)
@Jan_Geronimo @jenaisle I emailed her and left her a comment about the list I made, i haven't heard from her since. 
Am stuck at work again  day off on tuesday, that it also laundry day  yippie ;-) wish it waa bank holiday in August, going to Paris!!!
Having trouble buying tix to @joshthomas87 's August Brisbane show. Website doesn't want me to have them 
Anybody want 2 X Factor audition audience tickets? Birmingham, 29th June, 1.15pm... damn work experience 
Welllll uhm I'm n longview and I'm not getting much sleep  I miss April
@miss_soylatte I'll be 18 on Nov 1st but it'll be during my HSC exams 
No Natalie-visitage in July  Understand why she can't make it but am very sad I won't get to see her. So: cancel time off work or not? hm.
Wah holidays + new show in November thks M.&lt;3 but i'm sick so no party tonite and i miss you all girls 
 Vacation's over already... Back to work tomorrow. But the next thing to look out to is NYC in September!!
Not going to the mmvas anymore   But maybe the jonas brothers? Aug 30?
I was going to go to yoga but found that my black cat had been hit by a car when I went outside. RIP Beavis Feb 2007-June 2009 
@Mindfreakgirl Unfortunately when I saw BeLIEve on June 6, Criss didn't do his dance  They switched up that scene a bit.
Last day ever of revision. Well until I have to retake them all in January 
@naomiarifin btw my parents have plan to go there on July.. Just them  and moi?....... -_- http://myloc.me/4PXk
But I wanna go to Chi Town in June...  DPD http://tinyurl.com/ps8qbm
@YukiB Iknow, I am just jealous and hate to be cold in June 
Happy Summer Solstice- in the Northern Hemisphere summers solstice began on June 21, 2009 at 1:45 A.M. EDT  Now the days get shorter 
@Raizak It's been working for over a year now, and I haven't changed anything  SKY man's coming on July 1st.
@quietsteps no more NSW in July 
Hmmm--I wonder why Hero Online has a working APR system implemented in April but we do not 
Flying back a day early.. May be our last days with Pete Dog. 
ohhhh Noooooo.... Rain again...dammm.... June is da new April!! w/ all this rain   @JazzPo  @MissTani
Home on 8th of July.. mum moving to India? 
Will fly to Jkt tomorrow (June 22), will be there till 30, wont be online much 
@sparksthealy I haven't been talking to you side Nov but I love you and care about you 
@garyvee I've been complaining about west coast rain since March. All this rain makes me sadface 
I wish I was in America in July. Enter Shikari are touring over there, then 
 TH delayed their album again? But I thought it was supposed to come out in Sept anyway... Bright side maybe it'll come out on my B-day...
@As_Sugar_Candy Even my bro who is an IT genius couldn't get them back.  Lesson to learn is to make back ups. My last one was March 2008 
@TheDollyRockers Just found out that Gold Digger is being released in August! Now we have to wait even longer for your big take over  ....
Still waiting on my acekard + silicon case since yesterday.  Processed through Sort Facility, June 21, 2009, 2:27 pm, SPOKANE, WA 99224
Just found out we're not going to California on 4th of July 
I need a vacation......Hurry up and get here July 9th! 
All this Jonas Concert videos..  There making me soooo jealous! November 18th! &lt;3
@Tambourinecrazy sad time!!!!!   I might being back down to Florida in July!
@Tambourinecrazy sad times!!!!!   I might be coming back down to Florida in July!
@Alegria21: Jealous! I'll be in chem class all throughout July 
Hey @hawkcam I sure miss them WinksMom    Hope they come back next April  (hawkcam live &gt; http://ustre.am/2f9i)
@Linnette1 which is fine, except we're talking about a book that released beginning of June 
@MuchBetter92 yeah in like July for a few days then he's going down to Ohio  to spend time with his gfs family! &gt; i dont like his gf
@jillhanner A masq. tweetup in July. Check site- http://masquertweet.com . all proceds go 2 12for12k rsvp link at site (Ds not wrking 
I am officially moving July 18th.   Goodbye BG  GAH!  and Yay! at the same time.
@annabelle327 Im glad for u I won't be back to work till July 1st so I won't see you for a month 
@secretlifeofkat http://twitpic.com/84obb - Warm. 45 is worse. We had a week of that in January  Fires everywhere. It was too much.
2 Blur tickets available for Hyde Park on Thursday 2nd July. Selling for face value or best offer. Can't go as baby too lovely to leave 
Omg I can barely walk! May have overdone it 
Have no plans for 4th of July 
hopes Brad can fix his computer or we're going to have to share until September when we can afford the part that's potentially broken. 
Knee is starting to bother me again probably should have gone through with the surgery I had scheduled last Feb. 
@Laila_boo you cant say that hun... You cant forget about July 17!!! 
@uh_LYSS_uh my parents just asked if I wanna go to Vegas around the end of July but I know I can't...  haha hopefully in Aug!
@DiscussAntiques We lost my mother in Sept. @ 100+ so I can imagine what it's like for her 
- I'm so mad at my mom for not letting me and @amandabryant road trip to Iowa in July to see @VARSITYFC and @vfactory 
- I'm so mad at my mom for not letting me and @amandambryant road trip to Iowa in July to see @VARSITYFC and @vfactory 
United announces the need to furlough 2,150 flight attendants effective August 31, 2009.  Mikey sad 
booked a flight to Chi-Town for June 27 to July 12. Got a 399 deal but fees rocked me. Sad I won't see @Nonja47 and @LiezlKim 's baby. 
@dougdancesdrunk Hahahahaha. I never had one!  I take my road test again on July 9th though!
@HyperX69 I don't really like the dark - I know we are hardly going to notice til August but it is still a little sad 
@stayseekimiko awww  well when I get back from boarding school we should go to the one in Carson. August 20th.
@ChrisCavs I remember searching in May and her last tweet was about her going skiing. Nothing since then. 
Feeling a bit better. May go out and rent a DVD later. No good TV without foxtel 
@mpex I wish I could come to LA in August, but I'm going to Europe and my friend's bachelorette is that month too. 
@omgeeitssteph regrettably that didn't work out. She is coming in over our fall break (mid October). Sorry 
@BStyleINC Nope will do WED O didn't tell the mac died June 18, 2009...Let's Us pray  RIP Oct. 2002-Jun. 2009. I'm dprss u guys mademe ;)
@Niceeeeee Werd but i dnt turn 16 til July 29th  .. can i still try !
Broke until July 
@OfficialHelena at her grandmothers house until July 3rd in P.A..  We fired our babysitter but we just saw her &amp; she's walking like crazy!
Would anyone be willing to pick me up from the Sanford airport around the 2nd week of July?! 
You were supposed to tell me &quot;Go to Assembly on April 22!&quot; 
@shayboarder No can do  Dedicated to working semi-hard until Aug. 23. Snow shred was on the summer vacay list, but surfing Spain instead.
@jonaskevin Hey have you ever thought about doing 2 concert in manchester xD, since all good seats are taken for 22nd Of November 
Just heard the FlightSafety is offering a FREE recurrent to people laid off after January 1, 2009. Doesent apply to me 
I wish it was September! My Vancouver trip would be right around the corner! 
Just found out my grandpa is doing really bad. May be going to Indy this weekend to see him one last time... If he makes it that long! 
Insane - the &quot;feels like&quot; temperature is 140 degrees different in just 4 months. (-40 in February, 100 now)- Actual temp 90, 58% humidity 
@afwife08 June has been horrible everywhere... even in shade it's not cool u can still feel the HEAT!!! 
@theavettbros good for you, sad for me.  Really wanted to go to the show. Oh well, see you in Louisville in July!
@AbbaDabbaBags Hubs has been building our pool deck for months, pools been open since mid May, used once   Haven't even got my planting in
@TalhaIzhar Not yet  It will launch in Lahore on 26-27th June.
I havent been on here in forever.. Its my golden Birthday I am 23 on the 23 of June yay for me but not a thing planed 
had to cancel the Craftbury Chamber Players gig in July   We'll work towards an event next July..  #fb
I really nned a summer job..   I mean seriously, i dont even have enough $$$ for Miley/Metro station concert in Oct.!!
@KhloeKardashian Im definitely gonna b watching . I cant believe I have to wait till August 
@Kody_89 I read books too fast for my own good.  I'm waiting on one in a series to May of 2010
Not a fan of this humid heat... Jazz in June is going to be sweltering.  Ugh. 
Glen Annie golf course closing in July 
Just got call from daycare. Gareth crying inconsolably for no apparent reason. Poor baby  May leave work early...
@NWEssexgirl I don't know. Jan was able to reinstall me as 1 of her followees I'm not very IT savvy 
Rent is coming to Boston July 14-17 and i don't have money 
@MrE_Nigma that may not be until August  ::tears::
Have tickets booked to Baltimore in August, need someone to watch the dogs still 
aww sad. Nov 11 1918 - 83 people died from flu brought in due to lack of ship quarantine... Also the day WW1 ended. 
@Caitlin182 Ouchhhhhhhhhhh! Sounds painful! I slipped on ice in February and busted my knee open! Destroyed my jeans 
@Wyclef plz Come 2 da allwhite party!Blaze it up!July 18th I got U on da plane tic,Hotel &amp; food! lol unfortunately dat's all I can afford 
@MRzkESHiAG me 2.... im at work BORED!!! Its just sad its June and it looks like rain 
@tommcfly hey Tom, I'm waiting for you back to Brazil cuz I didn't go to your last concert here  are you coming in October?
@cris0809 Yeah, they're full until August.  I'm down as an alternate for the July 7th Intro class.
Somewhere between April and today, I lost my Self. Where am I?!  http://myloc.me/5htR
@CokoClemons I believe its started already. What I know for sure is it ends July 2nd. Short run. 
good news - not electrocuted by my dish drawer. Bad news - dish drawer still f***ed. May have to call in the dish drawer guy. 
@MCTroy I simply cannot wait til March.  Mam is waiting on a new credit too..  @ade_shayne Head out hopefully and get some new threads!
Now I am an official @directv  customer. Kinda disappointed I have to wait until July 10 to get it installed. 
Reunion in Madrid this August 13, 14, 15 --- Not gonna happen. 
is gonna need a dog/cat babysitter for one night on Aug 2nd. 
going to LSU in July!!!! Aghhhhh... Already finished packing  man I won't be here for harry pothead new movie or blue bayou
Blu Mar Ten's new single out July 13th? But I can't wait that long... !  http://bit.ly/qEmaW
Gone until the 8th (Of August) early tomorrow  I'll miss you
@juan_ii Up doesn't come out here till September, We are so behind with stuff like that.  I wanna see it
fun day alone, reconciled with mommy dearest, givin me my passport and goin 2 Belize in Aug!!! I wish @Princesshellz could come 2 though 
I hope I never again feel as depressed as I did around 11pm on Nov 4th.  That depress med commercial felt like a message just for me. 
@ChristieCiarlo  Hang in there Ciarlo. July's the month of grilling, fireworks, and beers. All fine things.
@beaniecolleenie Booo, get a new bank. Chase sucks  We just changed all of our stuff when we were back in June.
I'm sad that I can only develop my roll of Fuji Neopan 1600 film after the 10th of July 
awaiting anxiously for my Cali sun! no more June gloom 
nooooo! why isn't Public Enemies being released in Australia until the end of July...we are being Depprived...and it sucks big time 
@SVUBuddha Aww.  Well, I have to wait until July for my fun trips, too. But I am excited... And yes, @Kimmy6313, my sis is coming too. 
Agree, @NickJewell yeah, I love Amcharts. Although I asked for quadrant chart last November, initally looked promising, but still no sign 
Studying for my NCLEX exam which is on the 4th of July 
@TheEllenShow I miss watching you ellen ( since the start of school last June 8  super busy with my kids, household chores, office work
All Youtube channels are gonna be changed to the new design on July 15th?! - http://tinyurl.com/n6fl23 - I think I'll quit.  I hate it.
Sad, IMAX in SM North will open by July pa. 
 totally left it too late to book a holiday without being ripped off.  Any tip offs anyone? Something cheap and warm from the 6th July.
@willbill7 Know how you feel - I haven't been on totalMINI for3 days now - longest since it got up and running in April  Hang in there...
just found out that Cody rhodes and ted dibiase are doing autograph signings at hyperdome on 5th July and I can't go cause I have concert 
http://www.rockstarsofscience.org/ - but no Brians Cox/May   @giagia - get on to them forthwith ; )
@wildbill7 Know how you feel - I haven't been on totalMINI for3 days now - longest since it got up and running in April  Hang in there...
@fashionpirate I'm opening up a new website on July 10th, and for some reason Craigslist won't let me post ads for writers needed 
@ Caroline_Fonz  same here i hate the heat! it's especially hot where i live  it was i think 95 degrees on June 24th
@Caroline_Fonz same here i hate the heat! it's especially hot where i live  it was i think 95 degrees on June 24th
Need to take a deep breath...about to pay large corporation tax bill.  May need a lie down afterwards! 
@JamesMW78 great idea. May duck into gym for swim n steam too or maybe thats pushing it! Ouch 
Windows 7 Free upgrade may launch on June 26? http://windows7upgradeoption.com/Landing.aspx - Just bought a new PC last week 
just read my previous tweets &amp; found out. I started tweeting since Apr 15th, with average of 3 tweets/day. Now its becoming to 30/day!! 
@annakat_01 They'll be leaving for Singapore on July 18  2 days before my birthday. OMG! I'm so sad  I'm gonna miss him soooo bad! 
I'm getting excited about trip to Paris in September.  Need to think budget, esp as the Prudence bills will be coming in soon 
*Glances at Year Planner* ... absolutely no time off in July  Wonder how many days holiday I have left...
So I read in one site that ABDC Season 4 will be starting on August 6. Ahhh still gotta wait for a long time 
4th of July plans ruined by project that will not end. Getting info I need like pulling teeth &amp; I keep hearing Mission Accomplished BS. 
@joanna1979 I know, I love it too, but hubby unemployed since Feb &amp; I'm only just getting back to working, take a while to build - boo 
@Ye_April I'm not sleeping either 
Fiber optics are installed now. They said I can start using it in August 
probably not going to do anything this weekend (again)  I miss Pat n May!
Failed critical fictions   feared for my graduation.  13passes says Derm survives I graduate July 9th go me!!!! Somone gimmie a beer!
@ddlovato It was AMAZING seeing you on June 15th...but one thing ..there was no Demi merchandise  I was most dissapointed. how come? X
... If I fail any of the modules I'll have to retake the exams in August. Which would mean I won't be going to Cuba 
now have no-one to go to Europe with in August  Anyone want to go around Europe in August?
@joek949 i'll finish theory in july!then if im lucky i'll be able 2 drive..if im not..i will in Sept.Cos school close in August 
Oh no!  Mt favorite coffee shop - Hill of Beans - is closing July 25th!  
Thank god. Days in August. Good thing I'm not C. Days in September = I can't go. 
@michaelianblack Dang, us sucker Canadians will have to wait until July 
@Graendal I'm doing statistics next year (...September, really...)  Bummer   I did a little this year though &amp; it wasn't too bad...or good
@FiveThumbsDown Couldn't be happier. Just watched 3 episodes in a row. Only 3 left before I run out of new ones until March next year 
Oh no!  My favorite coffee shop - Hill of Beans in Durant, IA - is closing July 25th!  
@theSADDITYbxtch Lmao don't make funny of me, I'm sensitive  but I'm only 19 LOL . . I'll be 20 in Oct
June Gloom is back 
Am rocking a Bryan May hairdoo lol can NOT be arsed straightening it but a need too 
@eserei27 No it is not Sept 21st yet. 
Dec seems year2100 
Bought a T-Shirt for Breakout but it arrived late (thanks customs). Now I have to wait 'till next February for it to be relevant again 
@mama2threebugs : I can't believe your baby is going to be 2!!!    Drew is going to be 3 in August... *tear*
@KoriFromOhio I'm jealous. WE aren't closed July 3rd. Boo. 
@Collin_wolfboy your so lucky you've finished school! i have to wait for end of July 
@Sazzz_ OMG wow! Lucky! 12th July, Liverpool? I wanted to go but I have a trip to Italy right after it 
http://twitpic.com/8dgx6 - @Awesome_Tie yeah that was a sneak peek but it actually starts in September 
@tommcfly Hi Tom, found out I failed my uni exam today.. was the day after your c'bridge gig in May haha. say hi to cheer me up..?!  x
not really got any work to do, still feel guilty for not doing it  Roll-on July, then I've got proper work to feel guilty for not doing
@girlgetstrong2  Mine are off from June 1st to August 12th.  Our summer gets shorter and shorter too.  
My I &lt;3 August bracelet fell off.  Good thing the beads are neon and sparkly.
works hard to get every tune perfectly! I have to work in a stupid store in July! Will not have much time for music! 
@OfficialBF1943 Should of released BF 1943 Today that was my hightlight of the week and now theres nothing!  dissapointed, hey ho July lol
I just want to spend the 4th of July sea kayaking in Valdez. 
Feel so empty right now  and upset about my D.R. Trip. May have to cancel it
according to French news after 2nd July the search for AF447 may be over as the signals will fade &amp; be silent forever more.. 
I thought Paramore's album was gonna be released on Sept 9th or 10th, now it's the 29th? 
@jocelynbrooks the last hoot I did if I remember correctly was in Nov. Of last Year! 
@rogieking Congrats on the newborn! Our first is due in June 
@zinedistro Your welcome. Looking forward to the event!!  Not long until May 1 now....
@IsabellaMCullen Rodneys at Yaletown. May I ask who you are? 
@maymaym My #kfanyc is not up because I do not have server space.  Will fix that in May.  Everything can happen in May. 
@BrickSh0t7 ugh i hate you, we got snow in the middle of April...dont you just miss Canada?   *ends sarcasm*
off to London, back online 14Th of April, so C U then 
@JustDes Aaaawww....Hey babes!  May your tuesday NOT suck 
can't wait until September! Going to Strathclyde Uni to do teaching and I'm soooo excited! 
GM  all my wonderful tweet pals, have another wonderfully joyous productive day! May it a great one 4 U all! 
@richardcobbett This the April Fools story? Congrats again, it was an excellent piece 
--&gt; @katyperry in June (28) in Portugal!! I don't know... should I go? Or is just another catching song?!? 
Askem is liked his walk to April's house   Hope it's nice out tonight... http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/742943
49F with 25mph winds in April? I think I need to get a refund from the state of Florida.  
hoping to score seats for NKOTB in June today!  fingers crossed 
Stayed home w/mom and the kids today (Spring Break)...What a nice cool day for FL this time of year 52?  41 for a low tonight in April? 
@nikkiclifton Thank you precious woman. May you receive that and exceedingly more than you could ever hope for or imagine. 
snow in April...just like living in Cleveland makes me feel right at home  Interview.....
confimed my last day at LEAP. 19th June 2009 
@Tamm  - Senna-the-unblocker is yours to borrow as long as I have her back by ... oh, say - May 1st?  
@LindaNorwayKCPA Sitting in my office in FL in April wearing a jacket; no global warming here 
Thank god it's finally spring! April always smells sweet 
@landonmiller -- Kristin and I are closing on a house on May 6th  Plus I applied to be a Management Trainee at Enterprise. See how it goes
Dr Who convention in Belfast in May? @Scarboy and @Garf87 will be attending 
@taylorswift13 Atlanta...June 13th...3 days before my birthday. What would it take to get a picture with you Taylor? Meet and greet? 
@xoh_snap June 16th!  So far away. I'm excited! BUT I might go alone, even though I bought two tix. Sadness. 
March Of Dimes tomorrow morning.  I love helping babies.
@superfro432 WEEE!  May 11th!  @weshotthemoon goodness 
@JonathanRKnight I'm ready for when you guys come to Colorado in July. 
@angeloys I've been waiting a LOOOONG time to make the switch. Estimated delivery date - 21st April! 
@ABabyBlueEyes May 19th. Will be a free download so make sure to check it out when it drops love 
@martagf @lisacrispin These April Snow Showers look more like March snow, not Christmas snow. 
@JonathanRKnight I will remember this info for the SPAC show in June 
@lastyearsgirl_ Amazing first trip for you, but it gets even better from August... 
@Jonasbrothers I love you guys  Can't wait for August 14th! 
Mutant Chronicles - Premieres on VOD March 27th and In Theatres April 24th http://bit.ly/VoxDw Ron Perlman is among the cast! 
@brianai @yohetti Ok, that's what I don't like about April Fools...  but come on, photos next time 
@dawnmaloney It ends on May 16th so there is still pleanty of time left for you to get there. Come on down! 
Cant wait till June 1st school starts. 
@ddlovato England loves you Demi, can't wait till you are over here, you are AMAZING, June 15th with JB, going to be awesome 
Is Excited For Mcfly On The May 8th  Manchester Apollo .x
@KourtneyKardash You're 11 days older than I am Kourt, my 30th will be on April 29th  Enjoy Mexico!
Today's the day!! Jan is yawning beside me... 
@WeThePeopleCare Talk to me in October 
@TheBohemianLife First couple weeks in July  Start work July 27th
@DitaVonTeese How good was Cohen, have tickets for Dublin in July trying to justify the 3 figure cost - Heather 
lol Miley thats good to know ive heard that rumor before! miley were both scorpio you were Born on Nov 21 right?lol so was i! 
@April_Slaughter You guys just be safe... Can't wait to hang with you kats! 
@s0ni So, I'm thinking I might rent a car in May and take a road trip with the rugrat to come visit you in hell AKA Texas. 
PSA is now tweeting  Remember Elections are on Wednesday April 22nd in Orion AB from 12 to 2.  Happy Campaining 
@barbaraphillips I had a great day! I reached my 10km milestone for my training for marathon in October! I'm really happy! 
@solesiak O and I'm actually going to BCIT's journalism program in September! Hoping to go into TV reporting too 
@Mango_ten May 28-31 and if your staying in the hotel you need to help pay. and do you  wanna cosplay if so ask hannah. 
@ksilver Drive safely! May the roads rise to meet you, and your motel be decent. 
So random thought..just got the &quot;greatest hits&quot; of NKOTB...good stuff..had to do it...then found out that a new DMB cd comes out in June! 
Just made the final 8 at the Farmers March of Dimes poker tournament. I'll move on to the next round!  
@xsamanthanicole DO you have any plans for June17? I am hosting a Brodcast 4 Cancer on blogtv and would LOVE for you to join.... 
@MussoMitchel I wish I could demand you more than once, but they won't let me.  Can't wait for June 2nd when your album comes out!  
@missrogue &quot;David, your Amazon order for The Whuffie Factor will arrive April 23&quot; 
@missrogue &quot;David, your Amazon order for 'The Whuffie Factor' will arrive April 23&quot;  http://bit.ly/QtV0e
This is my non-profit, just putting the bells and whistles on, new website with updates about the Africa trip will be up by end of April 
@JonathanRKnight Prior commitment? You?? Where?! Soo wish I was there tonight, but will wait until May 3rd  U gonna be at launch party?
@ddlovato i can't wait to see you on August 14th in Moline, IL. That's my bday 
@kirstywrites May seems to be a good month for bdays - mines the 26th. Can I have a hint about what the project is? You seem so excited! 
Watching December Boys 
Set for shooting three new commericals in June that I star in, check back for more  Im excited guys!!!!
@Boogaloo1 am in bed with three cats so not too bad  May 19th I will be in Portsmouth 
@Toxophilist Welcome to Tingwall Ferry terminal. May I wish you a safe and pleasant onward journey 
See you next weekend (April 24-26) for the Bahrain Grand Prix live from Sakhir! Time for me to get some sleep, friends 
Cannot wait for May day weekend. Going to Wales 
Jamie Slocum's NEW CD &quot;Dependence&quot; in stores April 21st .. Don't Forget to get your copy!   #fb
Countdown is started for the 200$ &quot;High Stake&quot; Tournament, less than 4 hours to go. May the poker god be with me 
just received an appreciation certificate from Dubai Police for managing their campaign against speed in January 
I was referring to Buck back on April 14....keeping busy with Rise Against. 
Trance Energy was the best even i have been to this year so far! Just waiting for June 5th now  #asot400
@Sarz Good luck man! I finish in a month and a half  Graduation is in July
Miley Cyrus - The Climb - Out April 27th! 
@KaitlinSpedding lmao, can't wait for it, do you know what your doing when you get to LA? I'm going to the April 28th recording 
off to bed to watch @Rove1974 and prepare for Term 2. I'll be back in the land of the living some time in June 
going to Sonisphere in Holland this June  
Giving him 5 of my FAIL-stickers, though, just to see if they're still there when we all go in July. 
May your day be as Beautiful and Radiant as You Are!  
@turtletao ooh, July's a loooong ways away! Maybe you could get the linework done, to tide you over? 
on my way to pick up a dresser, crib and some other baby goods for our little girl coming in June. Looking forward to her arrival! 
My husband is going to come no matter WHAT in June. Screw the military and their funding issues. We will sell stuff to get him home. 
@stretchingabuck I didn't unpack from Blissdom until March. I figure you have until at least Memorial Day! 
I am seeing one of my favourite bands on Tuesday, and then my FAVOURITE band and some of my other favourites in May. Life is good. 
http://twitpic.com/3llx2 - @billbeckett 24th May 2006 Brixton Academy, My first gig ever. Was amazing seeing you there again this Friday. 
I've published the April Issue and put it on the website  thegoodreadsmagazine.weebly.com
on last.fm i've listened to 235 songs since 8 Feb 2007. that's an average of 0 songs per day. I'm seriously lapsed, need to make it up 
@chrystinasayers  Cant wait til you come to halifax! July 25 baby! Got my ticket! 
@Heyhomee not tonight but around the NBA Finals  Around June-ish time..
even tho my opera costume is huge and ugly i still think i look cute in it. come out to Loyola and see &quot;Dido and Aeneas &quot; April 27th 
Oficially done with drivers ed stuff. Now I just have to wait until June for my license  Right now another student is driving us homee
@smashz Sadly, no residence to exchange. My lease expires April 30, so then I'm traveling and coming home to crash on friends' couches. 
@markblomeley I am glad to hear that, Mark.  I checked out your blog and your web site. May I ask where your marketing strengths are.
@JonasBrothers  Can't wait to see you guys in the Bahamas on May 9 (my 18th bday)  Best present ever! 
@Demara I started caching on Aug. 2, 2008 
Ahhh the joy of my bed! Long day!! Watch the awards April 26  gnight lovlies xoxo
@catherineLd Thank you  Cannot wait to meet you in May.
@experiment626 thanks for the YouTube link it made me want to ride!! I'll insure my Ducati in May when the weather is nicer  still cold!
@justtidbits Thank you and yes we are expecting #5  Not sure yet when I'm due, ultrasound on May 14.  Growing fast 
is in Oslo!! (last city of this journy  i will be back on 21th Apr.)
Beautiful morning all!  for #Earthday  I will be announcing the winner to my basket giveaway!  Two days left to go!  #Earthday  22nd April
@JinkyGarvie Website has tootled off for a wee-while - Should be back online by mid-May, and better than ever  Hope all you lot are ok!
@envirotainment oi, wait for the 1st of June! Sunny days will return between now and then 
@RevLeahVS  So glad I went early with APCM this year. All done and dusted by March 1st  Hope it goes well...
Is to be a Dad again. Roll on October for baby number 2  
the tour has a name... 'At War With Melody' Tour - April 2009 
HTC Magic available on 5th of May...payday on 5th of May.Coincidence ? I think not 
@berecka_94  Im going to mcfly on 1st May &amp; July 17th! Cant wait!! 
@redheadlori @pcjbfan Finally broke down and got tix yesterday...So I'll be seein' ya's in Tampa fo sho! Can't wait til August!!! 
@Julie_lillis yeah it's really too close I would have prefer if it was in August but well its ok  in how many days are you gonna see B?
waiting for April the 23rd  Children day )))
@hutchinsonjames hi James thanks for following us. Hope to see you at the SPWC in Dublin in June, it'll be awesome 
Cara: Getting really really really excited about mcfly! I actually can not wait till 1st May!  x
Bye. June 10. Last day of skool.  so excited.
@SarahC1978 thanks, a canal boat trip, will get me in the mood for Venice in June! 
@loovely831 your funny! this one's for the new Francis Ford Coppola film coming out in June. Maybe i'll let u catch the next one..LOL 
Good morning peeps &amp; tweeps! May you have a g8 Mon! That's it for now. @ work &amp; in slow-mo mood! 
I absolutely can not wait to watch JONAS this May 2! I love the sneak peaks already! 
@harisn It's end of April, of course it is hot in Lahore. What else do you expect? 
It seems that there are enough doctors to join our children on their 'diabetes camp week'in August. Thanks to that one tv program 
is going to the SKINS party on the 2nd of May  wicked!!!
Glad the cubs/cards game got rained out yesterday.  I'd rather enjoy it in July - when it's not raining.  
@Skins Hello, do you know if anyone from the cast is going to the skins party in Bristol on the 2nd of May? thanks a lot  x
@lilyroseallen will you be in your house in LDN on July? You will kill me if i come visit you?? haha  I'll bring gifts!!!
@SeejayScreamo Hehe. :] May I text you later dear? 
April 20th 1/2a.m. I finished Boys Before Flowers :'( = 19?  I wonder how Stairway2Heaven will compare 
@mel_b_angel Shall hope (and plan) for May 16th then. And never fear, I shall pick up the slack when it comes to shots. 
yippie! @konghee i'm so excited for the seminar on April 24th! I hope I could come there. see you around, Pastor! 
I see Dashboard Confessional on April 26 
@tmth my exams dont start until 11th May, so cant be bothered to do too much at the moment.. Good luck, you'll do great!! 
@dannywood great, Danny! may I be one of the crew? we share birthday! me too 14 May! 
2.83 million darts thrown already! Considering that I expected to hit 2 million in May we seem to be doing pretty well! 
Just going to bed now (almost 7am). Gonna be late to the office I think. May reach for BB during sleep to peek in on yas!  Maybe not. 
hahahahahahayyyzzz another day of practice.. hehe be sure to watch on April 26, 6 pm here at ICS 
Dubai's new airport, expected to be the world's largest, delayed until June 2010. Sensible  http://viigo.im/lTR
Holy shit, new Pixies album! Minotaur, comes out 15June09  http://www.ainr.com/pixies/index.html
@sak3r We had the idea of Point packs since September, 2008. And then you know what happened  Anyway, I think this won't harm UW at all.
@Newlady1 I'm making a book list for July for after my summer classes  Got some recommendations  from Kathleen also, any others from you?
Its offically May 2nd xD..12:00 AM 
sounds like everyone had an eventful day! I love you all mucho  Felt like staying in tonight. Playing guitar and singing. May write music!
@hnuttall I'm a gemini. May 26th  Can't wait!
@_dang3r I'm jealous, thinking about Maui in September! 
@gotolouisville I will be back in July for the Jesse mccartney concert at 6 flags 
#2 son came home from college &quot;you definitely are graduating in June...right?&quot;...&quot;yes MOM&quot; 
My July trip hangs in the balance. Wrestling with mum over whether to cancel. So far I'm still winning. 
April 28, 2009. Our handshake exchange made my graduation day even more MEANINGFUL. 
May is a wonderful month! it starts with a holiday  Enjoyed sterday to a greater extent. It would be wonderful to hav a long weekend 
May day march today was awesome! La migra hates us even more now haha but it was funny!  (insider)
Thank you to everyone who has been following me.  I've really enjoyed tweeting with you.  May our tweets happily &amp; merrily continue 
@Spitphyre I know it was in March. Just wanted to register my attendance in your b' day wishes! Have a nice day ahead 
@RealBillBailey yeah, welcome home bill! Ps: looking forward to seeing you in Nottingham in July 
I think April Pearson is quite cool 
@BlumdotDE You all amaze me constantly. Em graduates on the 18th of May. 
@rainycat About one more hour - I was only here for a few very fast four days. Back in June though, we'll get a proper party going. 
Happy May 1st. See ya next year April!!! 
@reginaspektor we have tickets for Amsterdam 14th July!!!! So excited 
@edmundbolton We bought a Kia in February.  Now's a great time to buy; they're desperate.
@SteveChopper I've got your back on this months Buckeye challenge. You've no worries about making it to June 
Haha I love this, http://tinyurl.com/csvxyf - I'm so excited to start working for Draft FCB in June!! 
@eracose @michmart I never remove winter tires until after May two four  Do you get fined? Thought May 1st was deadline. Only for studs 
March for Babies today in loving memory of my niece Brooklynn. Wish me luck 
@December_Skies YES! LOL XD I have that interview on my iPod 
Correction to the poem it was made on May 2, 2009 so I guess 5.2.09?  yeee &quot; Poem_5.2.09.. &quot; There you go enjoy
Going to a concert today at a church. Receving donations to take stuff to Guatemala for our missionary trip in June!!! 
@kimkoster  I know.... Prob in June 
Chaser is gonna be back on TV on May 20 something..Yay!!! 
Yay! I'm going to see Carter USM in London this November with some friends! It's going to be awesome 
hell yeah!Beyonce is in T.O July 20th im sooooo going to that concert 
Up early about to be headed to this March of Dimes walk! Support the cause people! 
@hlsidle. Did you go on it!? I went on it in November &amp; tried to do the tune tom hanks did in the film! Oh &amp; stood next to Russell brand 
Just searching things up on the net for NYC in February 2010.  Yes, three day weekend as Bank Holiday Monday! Now May 2009! 
The SEDS India elections had low turnout bcos of exams. Ballot extended till May 25. It happens only in student organisations. 
Me and mum will go to HBP together at the premiere  15th July, YAY!
@rachaeldunlop I'm going to go to Melbourne's MB$ in early June. Would love to hear some of your &quot;bollocksing&quot; tips before I go. 
WEIRD .. neighbours across the road share the same wedding anniversary as us - 25 years on May 5th - service 1 hour before us! Bazaar 
@ithinkminh well, you have till Oct to get there 
@KeepEmCookin if you get a pass from bedrest by May 17th, come visit me and my Shrinkx Belt at the Baby Expo! 
@thespyglass You rock the most Anna!  Thank you for April 
August Rush was infinite!! What a great way to start a morning  hello world!
creating Spring looks!  Book your parties in May and get special discounts and free product 
got her Sugarland tickets!! SO excited for September! 
@cyberpr: arranging flowers | May your flowers bloom brightly and bring happiness to your day  (I'm off to Farmers Market for veggies)
Bank hol and sunshine. Loving May so far 
@TamminSursok hey it was fun meetin u at the Flicka 2 shoot, I met u back on April 17th 
http://twitpic.com/4gpmo - Introducing Officer Flowers...Was commissioned May 1st, 2nd Lt 
@Samdamda So cool that you went! Can't wait til the 22nd. You'll arrive midway through the Indy-May holiday, culminating in the Indy 500. 
@iamjonathancook Im so excited for May 5th 
@amiemccarron getting me months muddled. Sure, let's do 10 July! 
Very late here in S. Texas!  Goodnight/morning, all!  May your Sunday be full of happy tweets!  Cheers!  
@Lora_June seems like you are the only one 
@Kurtmiltonbaker  See you on May 29th at ITR! 
is off to the Adelphi for May Day hol 
@YIKESStudio All of May I'll be writing abt what money beliefs are, how we get them, how they block abundance and how to change them 
@boywonder101 Well...i have time...October is 5 months away. 
@Wilsern thanks mate. I reli want 2 play sports w u, but it seems 2b difficult today..  But I prob come to Sing for an internship in July.
I am on MSN. May go on Youtube soon. Mayday tomorrow  YAY! No school.   
Playing at the Ark Edinburgh on 12th June 2009 
@JonathanRKnight Yes, I love it too......Btw my vacation time this year is in September...perhaps we`ll meet at Starbucks? 
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/4h1jj - I so want one of those right now - I adore Italian ice cream.  Roll on my August hols to Tuscany 
Please get a copy of Metro &amp; Chalk Magazine May issue 
Meteor Showers May 5,6,7 2009   -- y'all get ready for some action  
@bashley the music biz is crazy to try to figure out (I haven't yet   I'm studying online from Berkleemusic and will finish in June.
@DateMeCT The price is on the Registration page. It's $150.00 for 8 sessions, during the month of May. Are you interested??? 
@Time4CoffeeTime I've now added a note to the article to the effect that #CoffeeTime is returning 2nd May 
Heading out the door to church!  Busy day ahead..what's new?   The whole month of May is going to be like this!!! 
So many of u tweeps in Vegas this wknd! I'm jealous.. I'll be there in July! In the meantime - headed 4 brunch on a patio dwntwn Toronto 
@ddlovato come to Manila! Watched the 3d concert here last Feb. &amp;when i saw u i almost cried, it was so real. i'd LOVE to see the u live! 
@katyperry hey! ur coming Turkey, aren't u? I got the tickets for 9th of July! whoo hooo! its gonna be so awesome! cant wait to c u..!  
@jordanknight I am way sad I didn't win the trip. I guess I will just have to wait until you come to VA to meet you!  June 7 baby!
4 evaluations out of the way, 3 to go! Everyones looking good. May not have to retrain anyone at all today if this keeps up! 
@stephactive August 7th?! Ahh!! lol If you send me an invite I will be there  Love you chicky!
FFw to middle July..... Hawaii 
@Lord_Kartz yup. Till the 16th of July 
4 days...  May 8th (LLL) Budapest, Campona, HSM the ice tour ;)
Thinking of hitting up L.A. in July for a week - any good recommendations from Hollywood tweeps? 
Don't forget to celebrate Jedi Day tomorrow!  May the 4th be with you!   
@roweeeena Nope, the Berry brought us together on the interwebs. But we'll meet for real come October. 
@explosiveemily Palm Springs for my birthday June 5-7. I'm getting my own room and taking three people. 
FTSK concert May 23?!  I'm think Soooo!  
Getting excited for the AP tour on May 5th  3OH!3, The Maine, Family Force 5, rocket to the moon, Hit the lights...  I love life &lt;3
Mini-trip with Erin to Florida! June just got better. 
@naceprettub Oh, you know it! :whispers: by the way, can't wait for June, getting to go see NKOTB again, YAY!!! 
@Jonasbrothers  I loved the show! Already have it on my iPhone! Can't wait to see y'all on June 20th 
I almost went on a cruise in Jan. but there was a change of plans. That's one thing I always wanted 2 do &amp; G o on a hot air balloon ride! 
@thespianduckie Yea I get out May 13th  And I will remind you,no worries 
Everyone head over to http://awards.popstaronline.com vote for Drew &amp; ACS tomorrow May 4 is the final day to vote. Please &amp; thank you 
If you are coming to my show on May 8th at Taste? Please tell me what to put on the setlist, eh? 
http://twitpic.com/4j2m9 - May 03, 2009: Possibly the greatest day I've had all year. 
In Melbourne Australia, Thursday 7th May there is a Body Balance info night, tasting and free bottle! Direct message me email for details 
@Brittkneeg Soo nice to meet you too  I hope we can see you girls soon! You're too sweet. Come with the guys to Nashville in June okay! 
ETA on Pilot-RC is confirmed, May 13th to Oslo - then another week of customs etc before we have the container in-house 
Today is Luke Skywalker day!  May the Forth be with you! 
May 4th - 24 days until my birthday.  This is year 1 - I have seen pics of my 1st birthday and I had chocolate cake EVERYWHERE!!!!  &lt;3
@hot30 will the album be released June 19 in Australia? 
Working on the flier for my Birthday show on May 23rd 
@fragthought The 500,000 WoW Gold contest runs from May 1-30, dude! 
@iD3sign I'm on a diet! lol I'm trying to lose 10 lbs. by June 1st for an upcoming event! I wanna look supagud! 
Done with school until May 16! Yay! Too bad for May 15th's surgery though...gonna hurt. Gonna hurt baaaad. 
Botak Paa-Tibayan, May 10, 2009, The Fort, 5K/10K/21K/42K http://tinyurl.com/chbhq4 i'm planning to join 10k 
@DavidArchie Have a great day today David!  May you write some wonderful masterpieces!
The dj's and partypeople were great again at CC. Kicking  Next one June 7
based on the similarity between &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; and &quot;May the force be with you&quot; today it's the &quot;Star Wars Day&quot; 
Engaged May 1st to the best guy  I could not be happier! I love you Jay!
My Twitter was born on 12 Feb 09. Today, at this point of time, 4 May 09, 3:56pm (GMT+8), I have 805 tweets (including this one). 
@darrenporter Hehe you're right, I'm not daft  May is a good month to be on a French contract!
@Trekkygeek Aye, May the 4th be with you 
@kbaxter Bummer yo.  I'm starting up finals too soon...so I guess I'll see you around the second week of June then. 
Vote for Board of the Month May 2009 (licensed members only) http://tinyurl.com/c8uj28 Good luck everybody 
Star wars day! May the 4th be with you. 
@John1954Moi Ha good morning! May the fourth be with you too 
Ha! Just noticed it's Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you, always 
Hehe, wondered wtf star wars day was and why it was the top trending topic. Now I get it.  May the Fourth be with you, also.
Dow futures up 60 points in over night trading. Looks like May is off to a good start so far  /f
Hurray! &quot;Summer-time&quot; starts today, meaning I only have to work until 4 pm, instead of 4.30. Until August! Yay! 
@eyyJD Heard that your dad would be going here in September. Would you also come with him? 
Am heading into lovely Suffolk to a nice pub.  May tweet later, but hopefully I'll be too distrcated 
incredibly cliched at this point, but May the Fourth be with me today! 
Come join the fun as I through out the first pitch at the Legends game... May 16th @ 7 pm!   http://tinyurl.com/6nkpuz
[Somewhere - Within Temptation] returned to mysefl. Keep working hard till June 
@lewischris  May we be humble but Bold for Christ!  lisa.. 
@SirLP  It's just because it's May the 4th.   May The Force be with you  etc.  You've got to know your Star Wars to really appreciate 
@adamsconsulting Hello May you have a great day 
@seanpercival I'll keep that in mind if I decide to add an LA leg  to my westt coast stint in June 
@LaBarceloneta I think I'll target it's original release date, which is July 29th.  Enough time to raise faux or ironic interest.  
at Office ready to work and waiting for Windows 7 Candidate Release - 5 May, 2009 
Wohoo! Going to see Eddie Izzard in December! 
@ponet thats funny.. actually.. i could use a haircut...might be growing it out thru August for Woodstock Anniversary Party....40 yrs  
At school. Blagh. Yay I'm getting the IPhone in August!! 
@Perpetual_Kid May the 4th be with you 
May the fourth be with you.  Oh come on, no one had actually spelled it out yet 
May the 4th Be with you all! 
Thanks so much to everyone who came out to Speakeasy last night! What a hit. Wonderful to see you all having fun! June will be awesome. 
finished proofing the wedding from March .. now just waiting for export and upload before I can share  Still have 2 more sessions to do!
@JubileeHR When your wife's a teacher, you spend a lot of time indoors.  Trying to take some stress off the admin for May, writing often.
Chili night in Minneapolis.  I refuse to turn the heat on in May!  
Bass drum heads breaking equals bust. Who needs tickets for May 15th? You? 
@iamrehman @barbarawaterst @myob247 @hiannie @Jan_Geronimo @JavierChua @ScottATaylor @ozsultan Thanks for sharing with your friends! 
I miss @lavren cant wait until June for HIL HANGZ~ Tonight was sososo good 
@LyndonChester hi Lyndon - if you get this before 4pm Monday 11 May - i have mail for you from @amandapalmer via Tasmania. DM me 
Is finally back from the dinner party, had fun, Alice had no wine. I proposed...we're getting married next week on May 15th 2009 
@aileen2u2 It's pretty perfect eh! Yes We Cannabis!  I saw some of those signs at the Global Marijuana March too. 
Mariana ~ Photography by Cassone's May 2009 Feature http://bit.ly/E2bjm  - Thanks so much 
@Idolfanaddict haha. u can look up best week ever podcast on iTunes. it is May 1 episode  he seems more relaxed &amp; funnier than on Idol.
Aiden KNIVES out May 12th www.myspace.com/aiden. excited!!!!! 
@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
Watching &quot;Hostage&quot;! Also got an idea for that animation i'm making. Hope to have it ready and post a link here by the fifth of June 
I really wanna see the Jonas Brothers in Novemeber but I need to find someone to come with me!  xx
@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
This is a status update to twitter from ICE  Timestamp: Sun May 10 10:57:44 CEST 2009
@ebrown2112 LoL that's from last winter (only a few months ago December) I'm in Seattle, felt like Siberia this last winter 
@laurenwhispers Greenday are coming in December 
@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
@RealBillBailey Thanks for the headsup re: tour, just booked 4 tickets for the Palace on 20th June 
2 dates to go and i'm done booking this first tour  anyone wanna help me find shows in and around NYC? June 2 and June 4?   Thanks!
Off the a village May Fayre now.  Bag packed ready to bring back home-made goodies. 
yeah .... just bought tickets for Pearl Jam in August 
@walesbirds - great site.  The photos on it are fantastic.  Will be very useful for my visit to Pembroke (inc Skomer) in June 
The gigs just keep rolling in - Live Bar, Auckland (Ex-oblivion) - friday 22nd May  
ACDC 'Black Ice' Tour tix going on sale 25th May!  
@talotan  happy day for you on DM kickstart show tonight! Can't wait until May 27 when they'll depechemode Vilnius 
@jordo996 Feb 2010. Assumin' I stop tweeting so much and write the thing 
@davidwhittam I'll facebook something, say mid-June (my b'day). There are folk I haven't met IRL yet so I'll make it an open invitation. 
@dtizzle Yep, you'll need to have 3.0 for the notes synching, not long to go till it's released now, they said June after all 
@grandsovereign nope to far away for me....tho I'm going to AT4 in Nov and see Amanda again 
@SanderVanDoorn @PachaNYC 8th of May 2009 vids: www.bit.ly/YfMnW &amp; www.bit.ly/JlMHs Enjoy the vids 
Prov. 10:1 &quot;A wise child brings joy to a father; a foolish child brings grief to a mother.&quot; May we all remember...especially @OutlawHero1 
Post lunch torpor has set in. May well be snoozing for a while  zzzzzzzzzzzzz
@majornelson Mothers Day was back in March over here major 
@nicooole nikki, it's 12.38 AM here in manila of May 11. haha! but that's heartfelt and im sure moms appreciate that 
Ha ha! IMAX tickets booked - for June. Blimey that place books up quickly! However, on holiday then anyway, so no worries there. 
Can't wait until June, school's out &amp; I'm turning 16  I'll finally be able to get a job.
My dear friend Madison is selling some of her artwork in an effort to travel abroad in June. http://tinyurl.com/qfly3u - Check it out! 
Tiffy has a conference in California in July ... she will be packing me in her carry on 
@ajpape Hey there! Remember us? Hope all is well and that you can make it to our show May 29-June 14! Keep in touch!  boomktdance.org
Well, looks like I got the numbers all wrong... again  BUT (drumroll) there's actually an extra 250 Billion to be spent before July! 
@ajpape Hey there! Remember us? Hope all is well and that you can make it to our show May 29-June 14! Keep in touch!  www.boomktdance.org
Led Zepagain rocks Paladino's in Tarzana on May 8, 2009! http://bit.ly/article4   Tons of videos and pictures, written by yours truly 
@jujumama Not now.. Its 8 AM n time for me to sleep.. May be tomorrow 
Ocean City June 4- 9th with Caitlyn 
@TheRealJordin Battlefield sounds awesome.  I can not wait to see you @ the concert August 21st I am soo excited.
@grandjoke OMG awesome. I pity Billy May's family because they have to listen to him yelling all day 
@schnitzer Crazy for You at CCBC essex. come see it! I'll drag kristi down  to see it for sure! End of July 
@ShashiTharoor Best of luck..! May people like you start winning and win again.. and again... and again.. 
Rained ALL day and now it's snowing...it's the middle of May people!! I'm off to bed have a great morning/evening where ever you are 
Been putting this everywhere. http://bit.ly/jpAqK  Can't wait, @jason_mraz. July 27th. 
@CandacitaBonita June 5th @ Fitzgerald's 
@gkluit So they are having the show there in November? Cool! I wish you good luck with the tickets. 
struggling all my effort to be able to sing &quot;September - Earth Wind FIre&quot; in September, on my graduation day 
August - loftless: lease ends, new rent starts September. Maybe move to Montreal for a month? 
@nanyate I'm in Singapore since last July 
Oooh! Sps. Finally. May pang birthday ako. 
I couldn't be happier to hear that Finland's 69 Eyes are touring to Brisbane in June 
@richardmobbs OU marking Richard? lovely stuff, got TMAs to mark next week - last ones until October  
A good job: drink wine, live on a Californian vineyard, and twitter/facebook about it - 10k/month salary. Apply before June 5  http:// ...
13th May 2009 - Unlocked 280 Gamerscore 
Thur: 14.May: I should be in my shop all day today but please check first before you visit in case I have to pop out on an errand. Thanks 
Looking forward to the Norwegian national holidays (17 May) with family. Meanwhile work work work 
@StuartCraigen .. Not sure, still last Saturday in September 08 for me 
@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
Got my Gaga tickets today! WAHEYY! 14th July 
@sexperimental i feel so much better now I know i'm not the only one  Will it change come 1st June........ hell no ;-)
@chrisendencia Enrollment, June 8. First day, June 13? I think.  ALIS NA US!!!!
Goodmorning! Senior 09' Breakfast today...Yay! May 22 and nomo high school forever 
June 22!! That sucks.  3 full days, 2 half days left for me!   And I am counting every one of them down.
@shanegibson Hi Shane  I'm good. SO busy... until the end of May. Summer launch, planning (fiscal begins June) etc. How are you?
@efgfca That account was opened Feb 15th... so someone had the idea first 
booked my ticket to Tuguegarao, PH today! no 12 hr bus ride pour moi  (May 21-June 5)
http://twitpic.com/55fd0 - Me and James the Ferrero Roche guy  - May 09
Gavin DeGraw is coming to town in July!  This news just made my day 
@TRACER_Magazine they are returning to the lounge June 26th and have a new EP 
Currently gearing up for our 12th birthday bash on the 23rd of May. Come join us at Coda and join the party 
May ppl please exhibit kindness when dealing with those suffering from mental health issues. It is not their fault. So plz Be Kind 
bet on the amount of time it takes 'till the first OSS versions of ubuntuone are released? months? September is my guess. 
@jameschau Maybe we did't get the information of your coming to our university in Apirl. 
Find our brand new podcast@http://feeds2.feedburner.com/OaePodcastNo1 featuring a preview of our next concert on 20 May 
@george_murphy Excellent Idea. ( just not the first week of June) 
i miss the great David Archuleta. can't wait to meet him August 8th. 
@therealrussellp  Glad your tour is going well. I am also THRILLED that you are coming to Edmonton... can't wait until October 
@wtcc so i cant figure it out. Are you a senior in high school? If so then congrats. I am too! May 21st cant come any sooner!  Ha ha
I need a profile pic. This is getting ridiculous. I work with a bunch of photographers! My deadline shall be May 24. 
@billder i'm back in July. I'd like to plan a happy hour or something. 
The awesomest concert ever (At least for me) is happening July 27, 2009. I get to go see The Academy Is... 
@jesshoffman I got tix today for GDay's Aug concert 
@sonnygill lady gaga is coming to VA end of Sept.....does your cuzzooo have any room in his mansion for little ol' me? 
Super good day. SOOO stoked to start school on July 22nd 
@jewelstaite  Stop whining.  You'll be happy to have it August when it's 100 degrees everywhere else  
@JessicaGottlieb OR, you can wait until August and see the film on Demand for FREE... but then you won't be helping our great causes 
Planning on what to buy May 19th, the day I go to Borders 
@stevenanggrek haha!yes..do plan a trip to Singapore and come visit us! Book by May and pay for 3 nights only and stay 4th night free! 
@TheQuietOne35 I've always thought of myself as very sane! I'm spoiler free until July 7! AND I got VIP for my show here in WA!   Andrea
@aolradio yeah, Top Pop.  Lots of memories on there tonight. Lots of October 2006 - June 2008 songs.  
@immortalaussie I want to do my free proof copy from NaNoWriMo.  Got to have it in by June 1.
Goodmorning! It is the 17th of May, the Norwegian Independence Day 
June 16th , Rio and Abel 
@NeonPaul Morning - enjoying the requests  - planning a Surge annual chart show if you are up for contributing in June
@thatlass Hey! good luck with your race for life! i'm doing mine on 21st June 
@eugeneadu I think she in Zurich now..i gues.I saw Bee may 3rd!Saw Brandy May 9th and @solangeknowles and @jadeofjades ima C may 19th 
@Osi_Dubai Life's great! moving to the usa in August  How's your life in Dubai? still missing focus?
...is celebrating 17th of May, the Norwegian way 
@jimmy87lee Thanks!! June 30th SF peeps- we'ze gots 'till then to get us some crab!! 
@AKNickerson thank you  date is set for 24 Jan 10. After an 18 month engagement I deserve a romantic honeymoon. LOL
Can't wait till June 4th- End of exams, no more work, no more annoying fake 'friends' who are back-stabbing selfish idiots 
Quiz online tonight Sunday 17th May 9pm GMT&gt;&gt;&gt; http://bit.ly/EC6Cq why not pop in earlier and introduce yourself please retweet thankyou 
17th of May, National day in Norway  Lovely !
Jamaica, 2 weeks, 19th of July. Fucking A 
@LizDanforth May I suggest lamb? It's all the rage lately at our household. Wait ... you're not a cat. Hmm. Recommend corndogs instead. 
I'm so joining the new ClubSwing program at the gym in June! Dancing while working on my figure, YEAH! 
@muscati Fret not, mango season is till June end 
@TomoWalter May have been a bit of an extreme reaction. I don't think people really cared  Hows work?
May 17th! Norway's birthday  Been with the kids and an american friend to the city watching the parades. Try visiting Norway on this day.
Cannot til new moon comes out! November 21 the day afta jonas brothers live in concert guna b the best weekend eva! Reli excyted 
Looking through Photobooth, missing the times. May 23rd, I love you. 
shopping trip in Birmingham soon  next month i believe  4th June
@AJsMistress Hey Julia!!  getting excited for June?!!!!
@EvoOba yeessss!!LP concert really important thing  !!!CAN'T WAIT for July!!!!
@PaigeeDowlingg sorry, Ive only just found out how to view all my replies, ha :| I am going to the June 15th show yeah  youuu?
I didn't even see Steve May looking at his phone in class!  I should have given him a demerit! 
@ronanofficial Sheffield Arena on the 6th June! Woohoo cant wait! 
@purplesparkle Ummm....Feb 2008 I think I started trying to learn. 
wants to go to Paris in July with mom and her friend! 
@Jonasbrothers Hope you give us more pictures during your tour. Can't wait to see you in Paris. June 14 
@moonfrye pls say hello to Mickey for me, haven't visited him since last Dec 
@comeagainjen Hey Jennifer :] May i get a shoutout? 
Just bought tickets to the 7SF/Vega Under Fire show in Atlanta on June 6th. I'm very excited! 
packing and cleaning some more! Moving back home to ny June 1st 
@ThaChipsta Understandable, no worries! I'll be in NYC July 24-30, and hoping for Ohio in Sept or Oct! 
@ReikiAwakening On June 6th! woo hoo! Cant wait 
I have a feeling that i wont be disappointed with Paramore's new album  too bad i have to wait until Sept Dx
Warped, July 17th 
@shubhamsingal its coming here in states in July..I dont think it will make to India before August..I'll keep you posted 
@ENews i LOVE The Jonas Brothers!, i'm going to see them in wembly on 15th June!  we get so excited when we hear their in England!
@Mashouf Congratualtions. I got married in May too 
@uppercanuck @Spoonsie LOL at Christmas joke in May 
Happy 17th May to all the Norwegians! - In Denmark we celebrate too; that we got rid of u guys 
omj omj omj omj the jonas brother are playing some Its About Time songs on June 15th! :O :O  
@June_PrissyDog You have some very cute stuff! Might have to get my mom's poodle something soon... 
Watching The Parent Trap!  so hungryyyy, rehearsal for the Newsboys concert tonight! May 31, James L. Knight Center 3 PM, BE THERE 
@markhoppus when do tickets for the August shows go on sale on LiveNation? Just want to be ready 
probably gonna head up to May Fest with @kiravonsutra after lunch 
Just watched KOL live at Roskilde AGAIN..... roll on 22 June 
I'm in love with Garrett even more than i was in Feb.  &lt;3
I want to bottle today's weather and keep it on file for July 26th (Brickyard 400 day)..just BEAUTIFUL!! Clear blue sky and 65!! 
@SarahBurningham Thanks for that; ordering it as present for teen sis' bday in July - might have a little read first though  Looks great!
@HandsomeMax The Belmont is Sat, June 6th 
May Hooray and homebrew a success! Then church way out in the country where we sang hymns accomp by midi files 
I love my group. :-D Come see us! May 29! The Spot@8pm! 
Just saw trailer for HP6!! July 15th-and in 3-D~  am so there!!! 
@waub welcome aboard the bandwagon, this year, we will allow newbies til July  Blue Jays ROCK!
This week on the blog: Recap of March &amp; April posts; Stratejoy workshops &amp; event; best place to spend a sunny afternoon in Seattle. 
finished watching August Rush..it was good 
Can someone pick me up from the atl airport on June 1st?  
@sarinsuares Just cautious.  Board outside BSE/NSE today: &quot;Traders' market. Retail investors stay out!&quot; May futures at 150 pts discount.
Woman #Poker Player will be coming up with some great news in June - Stay Tuned!  
Heading to bed! Goodnight friends! Here comes a new week! May yours be blessed! 
@tootantom I celebrated my May 17th with the 'single girl swag', as opposed to last year= dating Chris Kachiroubas was a real bitch 
@DrTCD Oh, it WAS fun!  no worries, there's always August! 
@Ausadian98 power windows are a must. i ain't cranking my own windows no more  you're warm! Octopus day is October the 8th. hehe, geddit?
Studio in the morning ep comming out December 2010 
Just thought of a Muse shirt to make for my Oct. concert! And it's going to have  'Bellamy' on the back like a sport jersey 
Only 2 tubes of blood taken... My new (low) record since August last year 
We are quite excited for June 1st.  Everyone come see Syraylight Run...and us 
@que_day26 Hey are Day 26 planning on performing or just hanging out in a club in NYC between June 18th and July 18th 
I can't wait until Disneyworld with my love in December!! I miss my baby 
@karenquinn I know, I haven't been away on my own overnight since March last yr &amp; that was just 1 nite! Gonna enjoy it 
@randomdrunk Last DM from yourself was May 7th - Twitter probably hiding things again . . 
http://twitpic.com/5f2gw - Random one there, testing twitpic and other twitter stuff. Pic's from May 4th, trip to Sunway Lagoon! 
http://twitpic.com/5f2lr - Me  on my Birthday 25 May 2008
This is a status update to twitter from ICE  Timestamp: Mon May 18 10:55:17 CEST 2009
Oh and, by the way, found a $150 check from Sept. Random &amp; awesome moment. It's going to my new, post-grad apt. 1st month's rent! yay! 
This week will disappear soooo quickly. Don't really mind, June getting closer 
@mikemath no, went to Mexico in March, so just before swineflu hit! Currently Catching, Killing and Binning lots of hayfever sneezes tho 
@DonmarWarehouse Actually, ticket office just wasn't bothering to look -  have managed to find two tickets for Dolls' House for June 22. 
Eurovision Song Contest was May the16 and are own Alexander( NORWAY) was the winner.. awesome job Alex 
NicolleDrakou@hajrina  SO that's 27 &amp; 28 June... we look for tickets?  try aegean they cheap. But will need TENT too hahah
And most importantly TWITCH is in the TOP TEN. The scores are cleared and we are all at the bottom and ready for war in September 09` 
Can I request The Decemberists for the Lowlands Festival this August, please  ? http://blip.fm/~6ipb9
@lulazoid Ta.  We had these regularly in Maastricht. I can't make it to this one because I'll be in Canada in June.
@amandacharrie Got it hun! U hate ur Job, right?! And i hate May 18th  hehehe life's wonderful! ) lol x
April Sun in Cuba by Dragon is my new running song 
omg. I think I`m super addicted to Archie  I will watch his performance again in Moa livee last May 16th. oooh 
17th May 2009 - Unlocked 240 Gamerscore 
can't wait to see Bill Bailey as part of OrangeAid on the 1st of June! /Me bounces 
Mon.18.May: I will be in my shop most of the day. The piano movers are coming at some point but I'll still be available to answer emails 
@timminchin I heard a snippet. Very impressed with the speedily composed Millsy song. We're gonna come and see you in September! 
Just planned the DPE BBQ for June 14th. Smog Alert 1 in Almere forecasted for that day 
CONFIRMED: Singapore bound on August 15. Malaysia bound on August 19. Manila bound on August 23. JOIN ME? 
Off to work. May be a full day today, so I might be back on LATE. Or not. 
received confirmation that registration to http://student-partners.com/ starts at the end of May. Next year I may be doing a lot of talks 
Aaahhh landed on MiNisota soil. Wow what a weekend!!! No more flyin out til August  soooo tire... soooo sleepy -.-
@Katanya231 yes! Party for #GFREE on May 31st use #CGFT hashtag more details later 
@theNEWkaskas ok. Can somebody tell @johnlegend to pass by Barbados in June before he hits up Trinidad? Thanks!! 
@rebeccao372 am off on yet another mountain challenge in Jan, will be getting loads more in this year here as usual 
Watch Jason and Rachel from MRIPA (www.mripa.net) on UFO Hunters on the History Channel at 10:00 PM (EST) on Wednesday, May 27th! YaY! 
okay okay Incubus reminds me of last December and Wafi 
@May7ven PING when you get a chance about the idea you had hun 
Brr- it's 61 in San antonio in May 
@thehoosiersuk I've just downloaded my copy of Absent Elk's single, tis BRILL! I saw them supporting you in October..FAB night, thank you 
@peterfacinelli Awww, thnks for coming and spending time with all of us! Glad you liked the gift.  We'll see you in Atlanta in July! 
@kalena lol  well we got our residency through - which was a start. Actually arrive in Welly on 14 June. Currently packing and jobhunting!
@jordanknight that's awesome!  So glad you had such a great bday!!  Looking forward to June &amp; the summer tour!!  C U in VA!!  
Nana to a 3rd baby (girl) born May 16th 11:25PM 8 lbs 4 ounces 20.5 inches long. Emerson is the name. 
@ChaBuckland http://twitpic.com/5faon - Great pic dear  May you always have this beautiful smile ^^
I'm thinking about birthday presents... Well, I'm going to be 34 in July, so I like to cheer myself up by thing of goodies 
it's the long weekend - the May 2-4! Wish the weather was better 
thinks On the way to Rome,feeling happy, see you guys in June, my friends~  http://plurk.com/p/ul0r6
Hungry. May devour database for sustenance. Then I wouldn't have to do anything with it ever again! 
@VMarie lol -- girl i do it all  but right now I'm working on my album(s): The Melody/The Mixtape-- dropping August 2009
@ericortega Hi! Mine just turned 4 years old on May 1st! 
Harlem Globetrotters will be having a mall tour all over Manila before their upcoming live show on May 23. I'ma cover that event if ever. 
@ideasuk We release places in Oct/Nov, after ballot results. Email fundraiseforus@dogstrust.org.uk for more info - and thank you! 
@antiiiiiia haha x) yes is Friday, but Im sad, i wanna be in June 
@Cornwall_Info Indeed. I know where I'd much rather be, but there's no competition, really is there?  Roll on October and our next visit.
Get free chocolate on Fridays!  Go to this link to find out how! Mars is doing it til September!  https://secure.realchocolate.com/
@AngelaGillham The Google doodle is in honor of Mary Cassat - a painter type who was born on 22 May 
@amyhoy Yeah. May not even be Arial. 
Just added another Troubadour show July 14th 
Oh I am  Wyatts in Cali &amp; I don't see him til June so itz just phone sex operator till another &quot;big bang&quot;..lol
Fair question!  can't sleep... Comic for May 22, 2009 http://tinyurl.com/rcvm2q from @iNewsApp
@Triplevowel Oh I am  Wyatts in Cali &amp; I don't see him til June so itz just phone sex operator till another &quot;big bang&quot;..lol
I got an Alumnae newsletter from my old high school today (feels so good to say that) and found out we have a cocktail party in September 
@littlebitlil What/who is Glee exactly? (mabye us British are behind with the news) Thank god I don't have any more exams till June 1st! 
@Zelda_O don't know about Dec. but Jan. was about 50-60 degrees.. and rain. rain. rain. Light sweater or jacket weather and umbrella! 
Remember to stick the War &amp; Peace Show in your diaries! We will be there as always  22 to 26th July 2009 http://www.thewarandpeaceshow.com
rt  @BigDaws Feb, dear, he lives in MANCHESTER. They have 187 words 4 rain there! (via @milliontwits) It's not an excuse!! Its not fairr! 
@mmacatiag I'm just wondering if you still have the shirts that we gave you like 2 years ago. It's a gig here in Cavite, March 2007. 
I got the job! I am moving to Vail in August!!! My dreams to live in the mountains coming true!!! 
@rashmibansal I'm appearing for CA Final Exams in June..  But I guess I'll watch MMS's swearing in ceremony instead.. 
@imogenheap So you'll manage to finish the album till the 25th of May (or whatever was the deadline)? ))))) Don't overwork though...! 
could try to catch them in Germany June 20th... ah IAMX  love the new album
Prepairing for the next Clubzone Boatparty Valencia 13th June!! www.clubzoneboatparty.com!! Get Involved!!   Tomorrow night DJing at Flow
@CaitlynMario She was born on 10th May, 25 minutes before midnight  So today, she's 12 days old.
Remember the Liverpool tweet up on the 19th of December 2009 http://www.liverpooltweetup.co.uk go take a look and join us if you can 
Booked my tickets for London in June, yeah. 
@lilmissalyse June 20th.. Disneyland for my birthday. You better remember!!! 
@simalves hooo 23 May! i see, hwaa THANKS Sim! i like to repeat things hehehe so i'm so happy bout this looping project 
@EquinePractice  Got ya! We will be needing to talk around August then. Have a safe drive. 
@LeedsJJo It starts on Thurs 4th June, less than two weeks  Lots of Pre-BB shows on aswell, hold up and I'll let u know what they are
finished Issue 15  Now to get it printed - see it in store from early June.
@hubmum just the thought of those needles makes me feel woozy, well done you! Get your flights booked for August  x
I last saw a movie 115 days ago, back in January. Uni life sucks. Resuming with what else... but Transformers! 
Who knew motorized bikes, fish heads, turkeys (Alive &amp; not-so-much) &amp; Dive bombing June bugs could be so much fun 
Film News Roundup - May 2009 - Week 3 is now on #coolshite (http://bit.ly/iDAst). Remember to comment on the blog 
@bencc at blinkbox.com we tested from beta. May as well get a jump on it before MS make it a critical update 
Don't think I've played guitar since the gig in March! Tonight should be fun 
Excited about dressing up as Breakfast &amp; what's happening on June 4th! 
@Sims_Fan ugh, that sucks it got leaked :/ I bought the preview so I get $5 off buying the game on June 2nd 
@LuminousHeart so nice to tweet you  Just confirmed first Yoga for Curvy Girls workshop in June.  Yeah!
sent out sum mtng notes 2 Bob Evans/Dayton Dragons Taste Team! Keep June 18 &amp; July 20th free in ur planner 2 come join! more details l8r 
Working on Team Indiana documents for the competition this summer.  I will use this twitter to give our stats!    Stay tuned June 13 -17.
@silverstein im sitting outside venue haha. Play November 2nite plz? 
Is not actually IN Japan, but will  be in Aug  If his visa doesn't get declined for taking photos in the embassy. http://twitpic.com/5otdc
@getcampbell coming to Manny's on 6th of June for Cancertown signing? Contractually bound to keep my big mouth shut for now 
@lauram68 woo! save money for BEA....we can settle up afterwards....concert not til July 
Wishing I could be in SAN DIEGO on June 5th and 6th meeting the masters from *THE SECRET*! Instead of in Sweden...   http://bit.ly/yASGe
@crysturner That will be my last day of work.  I leave for Wenzhou during the last week of June 
I wish I was at Star Wars Weekends, but I'll have to contain myself for 2 weeks. May 29th - Birthday. June 6 - Hollywood Studios! 
I'm going to be in Michigan in early June...who wants to get together and hang out?  Gappers..I'm looking at you..via the internet!!  haha
Ok. Sky's a little clear, going for a walk, see if the road is sticky mud or walkable. May be back in 5 minutes, or may be back in 45. 
My Sister is on twitter now   *yaaaay* She visit me on 6. July till 12. July!  This will be a funny week and an insane o_O
@babyburrito YES! June 1 we launch forums on site: http://bit.ly/yQ1kG U will be able to connect w parents about your adorable stuff! 
@Renee_KY mark your calendar!!!! be there June 25th through July 5th!!!  Might bring a boat and the jetski with too!!!
Since when do we get summer weather in May? Not that I'm complaining..... 
@Ylice ty ty &lt;--Blushing  officially its next Sun May 31 thx again hope u have a great day this NYer cant wait
Kitty is a girl! She gets to come home on the first of June. 
@ElaShapSolo The Aug 23 date is already on my calendar  Congrats!
Thats all I remember, Ill share more later. Voting ends June 6th. 
my friend @aaronspears is being featured in the the July issue of Modern Drummer: http://www.moderndrummer.com/currentissue.php  
@the_prodigy nothing about Jul 26 inTargu mures ? 
@o_Dawn_o  tried to change my picture and now it wont save. They are&quot;working on it'  since April  
@1jaredPADALECKI Dude, it can get addictive.  May as well pick some other hobby you want to neglect now. 
Coming in June - the BestEverYOU.com Fitness Challenge!  Get ready to shed pounds and get healthy 
@ElizabethKnox I will be headed off to Europe on June 8   Definitely need a vacation after 5 years of schooling!
The entire month of May was super busy! Yeah...I love it when I'm busy. 
@ResourcefulMom I'm recommending you for a Twitter Party for Sept or Oct for another client too. Will sched that one before too long! 
Belated dual-birthday lunch with my long-lost pal, Lauren.  All the awesome people have May birthdays. 
@itslmo I'm waiting for a seat sale for October flights on BA. I'm refusing to pay full-fare as ever - esp this year. 
@LizJonasHQ I could maybe do it for Nov 24th cause my friends got it on her phone ... I will ask her!! 
Springsteen concert June the 7th!  I think I got the date right.
@ZenMonkey - Maybe it's just me but I'm looking forward to the June Contest.  I also got some good feedback on my paintings. 
@suprlatina girl it was BOOOOMMMMMMB!!!!  Imma b in ur hood in July 
@Zorlone  @Jan_Geronimo i'll be fixing my blog roll kaya ko inalis ..yung ibang andon di na nagpaparamdam.. ill include yours 
@jordanknight yep, I went on March 17th to Greenville....had the time of my life, even if m&amp;g was kinda fast ;) love ya 
Just found out I might be seeing @TiffanyGiardina in June. Two days after my birthday, I'm so excited  &lt;3
Is excited about the CT book fair even though it's not even June yet. 
@cobiegoesboom Congratulations! Geez, U've had 2 jobs since we worked together, I feel sorry for you!  I graduate in July! canUbelieveit?
@LizJonasHQ hey Liz! i'm from Monterrey and I can totally do live tweets! the concert will be in July 31! just 65 days! 
Count down till @DjQuik &amp; @Kurupt_gotti 's BlaQkout! 14 more days!! June 9th. The day hip hop is revived&amp;resurrected !! 
@Tracy_DCfan Ok, now I'm jealous lol!  That's so awesome!  I'm seeing them on July 11th, but I'm in the 20th row...Andy's side though 
Looking for 3-4 more thick sexy models for a club event June 19th.  Lingerie, no nudity, $$.  Please retweet! 
@KateFromage sounds as if they meant not BY May 29th but by the END of May 29th.    Doesn't matter. Let's go for the finish line! 
The Basketball Gods are shinning down on King James!!!  May they be as merciful next game as they were in the present.  
@Lauren_Roberts_ Concert is on the 8th Aug. i *CANNOT* wait! We are gonna have fuuuun!! 
&quot;WHALING ENDS TODAY&quot;  &lt;&lt;i can't wait for whale wars...June 5th! 
@theinternhobo Learn how to tight rope, lol! Miss ya April 
@adambusch Hey Adam, let me know if you'd like any advance work done for the Boston show in June.  
Class of 09 is gettin it poppin' at Club Sugar on June 13th. Apparently I have a guestlist and if ur on it UR free 
@cammyjo I am due back there in Sept/Oct. I was shocked last time I was there ( last year) I can only imagine See U when I get there 
@Suzbroughton I like singing and listening to Christmas music around this time, and into June! 
Can't wait for PCD concert in June 2nd....   http://myloc.me/1XuL
@danbaird Wk end 12 July is my bro's b'day so any week other than that's fine 
@SelanneGirl Yeah, somehow. But I'll be there for sure in July. U can count on it. 
@MonteCarloSS2k hey there Missy May... 
has suggestions for anyone wanting to get Claire a birthday present  She turns SIX next Wednesday, June 3.  Oh my!
so i found out 2day; that @kidcudi &amp; i have the same bday; me, @kidcudi &amp; @khleo_t have the same bday; Jan 30th 
@overshootTV Summer started months ago.  School starts in June and ends in March. :] It's weird. LOL. It's always sunny here. 
Trying to convince my dad to take me to Nashville on June 9th so I can hang with @syddddney and @morganedgar1307... 
@blak4ever I'll sure try!!  It's gonna be my second @ddlovato concert in a little over a month! (I went to the one in Argentina on May 21)
@lovessunflowers Have fun!  I maybe do the same tomorrow, though my birthday is in July only. Hehehe..
Re evaluating AX. Save money for September cons? BendCon? Opinions please? 
@scorpiojerm @BentoSet come to BKK to party Aug 7, or HK Jun 30 or at PLAY, 2nd Friday of June. Personal invitation? sure. wait long long 
A few people asked about the next FLOSSing with Bacon on FLOSSWeekly: it will happen on Wed 3rd May (next week). Should be fun. 
@MyNews24 *hoping* to do a 7day beach &amp; scuba break in July/Sept with @varen and then go see the Polar Bears in Canada in Oct on my own 
@dinno hehehe!!! its 5 months away buddy! Nov 19th! 
@Charified Hey grats  May you have many more *thumbs up*
@Dragonwheels No. Fridays are my day with my dog. But will be at the Penarth one on Tues 2nd June. How's you? 
so far impressed with http://barefootbreaks.co.za customer service, now let's see what the quotes say  looks like Zanzibar in Sept!
Jonas Brothers tickets just arrived !!! roll on Nov 24th 
Pound is reaching for the $1.61 mark. Hopefully it'll keep going - peaking in time for my Vegas trip at the end of July 
@ddlovato Gosh, I wanna listen to your album.. July 21st, already on my calendar 
The Longest Pull Website will be closing on 30th June 2009. If you have not had chance to donate please feel free to 
The Longest Pull Website will be closing on 30th June 2009. If you have not had chance to donate please feel free to  (via @longestpull)
Muhaha! ThankGoodness I missed RMCAAT2009 last date. RMCAAT is on 29th June, and I have exam of Principles of Mgmt. tht day. 1000Rs saved 
