Most common words for this cluster:
[('june', 429), ('th', 145), ('day', 26), ('time', 19), ('work', 16), ('gloom', 15), ('days', 14), ('july', 14), ('school', 13), ('iphone', 13), ('year', 13), ('s', 13)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'June', 0.9998596906661987), (u'July', 0.9574816823005676), (u'April', 0.9508865475654602), (u'March', 0.948699414730072), (u'May', 0.9436466097831726), (u'August', 0.9206881523132324), (u'September', 0.9188404679298401), (u'October', 0.9068402647972107), (u'February', 0.8942215442657471), (u'January', 0.8747696876525879)]





@sofdlovesbsb I last saw them and im not going in June  hopefully I get see them live next year though!
@OhlalaParis yeah i know  gonna be horrible next 3 months or however long... can't wait for June 10th!!!!
@ShaliniN aww  we only have our exams in June so it's not too bad, how was your holiday?
Spring break is over, why cant it be June already 
@OJBJ oh no burger bars on this diet! will be June 27th before i can eat one again! that sounds like a life away 
@hot30 so the hot hits was lying then?  dw cause I'm seeing them in June (Y)
stupid work ... can't wait to get things done .. the sad part is that i have to work until June 
@StudioFairy mine ends only 20th June  and I can't wait for it too haha XD
is hard at study already. No more weekends till June 
@tommcfly i missed falling in love on radio 1 &gt; and i haven't yet seen it on the music channels  cannot wait to hear it live in June! 
@jtaylor19 1st exam on the 18th - then I've got 5 exams in 5 days, then 3 more after that  When u finished? I'll be home start of June!
I want to watch the PCD concert on June 11! 
@SaturnFirefly @SaturnFirefly boo  June 6th?
@joeymcintyre Then we r in the same boat, well not boat b/c I'm not going on the cruise either  I'll just b waiting impatiently until June
@joeymcintyre Unfortunately I cannot. I will be supporting and hootin and hollerin from my couch.  But I'll be seeing you in June 3 times!
@luigina I'm certainly not free until June. I don't have a day free  then I have two weeks, then I go away again until aug 28th
As of June 30th, I am homeless.  I have a job but no income 
@madmanweb June 12th 
is doubtful about June 15th deadline 
I'm really going to miss @jonasbrothers 15th June...i want to meet you again...seems unlikely  xxx
2 finals today, 1 next tuesday...done! Until June 8th. 
finished packing to move apartments.. wanting to be home though but not gonna be home till the beginning of June 
If we don't find extra funding and a new home by end June 09, then we are going to close 
@clarnivore I've schooooooool til this friday, then submissions up to June 2 
Is bored and fed up. I hate rainy days and the fact I have nothing better to do than work  role on June 4th
Where's my sunshine this morning?  Is June gloom here early this year?  
Grounded until June 17th! lol 
@KitschenSink @rachellucie  have some choc, that'll help. I applied for the artsmix loft thing on 7th June, still awaiting judgement...
I hate exams &amp; revising  hurry up 15th June, I need a holiday!
And some of us didn't even make it to June4th 
another storm is coming... we'll host next ticket selling for Shajarian concert in June. server loads competes with google in early hours 
Just got back from school, found out i have a science module exam on June 22nd 
My doctor is leaving on June 30th... 
@xpennyxlanex not until July sadly. he is off to Canada in June so couldnt really see him then 
Infamous delayed in uk? I was in game and on poster it said 12th June 
damn, gotta wait till 8th June for its release! 
i am so bored there is nothing to do and school does not end until June 5 
is going to go to LemonJello's on June 6th. I can't freakin' wait. Then, i'm going to the beach all day June 7th! Then leaving June 8th 
Arggh! cant wait for June 
I have 29 more days of school  Just counted... We get out June 26.
@redheadhippy lol so true - Its going to be closer to the end of June  I have a slammed schedule @ work this month  we WILL figure it out
wow the live chat with the jonas brothers was awesome.. 2 bad they didn't answer any of my Q.  but any way can wait until next one June 4.
@rannau I haven't gotten any luck... I guess we just have to wait till June 12... 
envies her batch mates that will take the pre board this coming June.. she feel left out  http://plurk.com/p/wxf3l
@Tinkabellastar no. my school will start on June1.  two days to go. i still don't want. :l
looks like my ION-based mini-itx board won't ship until mid-June now at the earliest 
planning June - lots of appointments. meeting, briefings and litte time to finish my reports 
@hellocuppycake yeah, guess we gotta wait til sometime in June 
June gloom is upon us. 
@beachnerbum I hate June gloom. I was getting so excited for the beach. 
@ItsBacker I refuse to get excited as I don't want to be let down  if it happens, as long as it's not between June 11 - 28 or I'd die
@LeesaB nooooooooooooooo! well the 4G will prob be out in June but that doesn't help u now 
@travisricejr Because the ferry that was supposed to take us out changed their schedule. So now I have to fly out on June 30 on a red eye 
June gloom seems to have arrived early 
June is going to be a long, lonely month. 
well no phone today, we are waiting till June 9th to get a better deal sooooo  but its all good
@iliveinbetween i graduate at 9am on Sunday June 14th... 
@GabrielSaporta you don't follow anyone?   // lol there's a party June 13 
Drawing knotwork again today and working on my online shops... It's almost June and still too foggy for the beach. 
Snowing in June 1 http://www.meteomedia.com/weather/CAQC0107    I like the snow but not in June
@BNichole8 yep yep yep me and @cheraustin is coming... hollllllaaaa!!! ok so from June1-30 im going in exercising so I maybe quiet 
@synapticsarcasm they don't come out till end of June/beginning of July.   can't wait!
I need a passport by June 10th  any suggestions ???
@jp_babii I read on a blog that the air date is June 8th, but I can't confirm that 
@IamSB 6th June seems to be a bit challenging 
@heartgrenade12 sweet!! I want them!! no. tooth is still screwed and drugs are my only hope...  dentist can't see me until the 9th June
I think I'm def going to need an assistant on June 13th 
@chickman07 ugh, mines been weekly since June  how many times did you have to drive?
@callmerizza I have finals in July... i should start preparing from the first week of June. papers this time are not easy 
@adriyah Now, I bought the 2nd gen iPhone in April and the 3rd gen is coming out in June again!  When will I ever learn? 
@sarahmaeblogs haha I know.... June sure came quickly this year! 
@cycling2009 Unfortunately not  but getting a phone with internet around the 9th of June ! waheey haha
Nvm, they come off June 9. 
at the beach and it's June gloom!!!! 
Why is it so cloudy in almost June??? It's california, it's nvr cloudy 
cant believe it's June already tomorrow..nearly half of 2009 is gone 
waiting for June21st seems so far way 
@DisciplineCC lol yay! I won't be doing this again till June 10th, that's my last show. 
I have to pull tooth. It's my destiny in mid-June  F**k! June sucks.
Just found out it might rain on June 7th  I'm still wearing a t-shirt and skirt, just with a hoody too.
@ayudorama IKR  I'm looking forward to June's promo though :x haha.. Now that i know it's a monthly thing!
@WayneNameyo1 10am my time June 16th I think I might be at school. 
It is not new nephew day  as of now he is scheduled for the 12 of June.
Tweets have been so revision centred of late  that shall all change at 4pm on the 2nd June whoop whoop
@IcAd0N I know  I might be there end of June..
tomorrow is June and a half of 2009 is gonna come 
No strawberry fair today...I have to wait until June 2nd... 
I have a feeling I wont be able to go to the show June 12. 
@jkennedy4thewin ya, I don't have the time with training and stuff or else I woild  June is a busy month.
@jbarnholtz  no. I can't start that package until middle of June ((((
@Jodz101 17th June  but theyre quite spaced out. apart from 2 on friday :/
June opens on 4 degrees celcius. I guess winter is here 
@cas04a...when where you going to tell me about this?? I will have no life from June 8th-August 11th because of school 
right that's me away for another bita maths revision  I can not wait to see 10th June (L) 10 dayss!!!
@jaswah They've said mine isn't shipping til June.  I also have a ripper cold.
I'm not even going to The Saturdays' tour until 24th June - hate being so late on into a tour. 
@mommyinstincts Not yet... I am in prison until June 11th!! 
@traiinwreckx omgg. June 14.  i want it noww! haha.
It's June already!! 
@cfsam guess what mine ends 19 June! n starts in a week's time T.T wish i had more time to compensate the dilly-dallying i've been doing 
I don't like the month June any more  They stuffed all the important things into 1 month...
Just remembered that it being the first of June, my rent is due. 
I can't believe its June. I don't want 
is drinking clear liquids waiting to be inspected! So much for June 1st! 
@dluk Aw man, I can't do anything until June 26th, got finals. 
I hate school and I can't wait to get out.   Summerrr! June 17th.
is re-scheduling my June calendar again thanks to contractors and an unexpected out-of-town meeting that just HAS to be done before 6/30 
only the first day of June, and already my flowers are dying.  i suck at gardening 
@Heidihabibi sorry for the late response, flying early morning   on 30th June, other flights are too expensive!!
I need to move somewhere nice, it's still cold here in June 
@DJMIGHTYK you're tellin' me, I'm takin' my first weekend off in year June 13-14, and I'll still be doin' a lil work too 
At work and the weather is divine! bunch of work today... and I can't believe it is June already! 2 weeks and I am no longer 25 
@alpcoterie oops, sorry   Here's hoping you do have a fabulous June - treat yourself xtra special, 'kay?
SHIT!! Just hitting June &amp; this wkend &amp; it's already expected to be in the 100s...i HATE 100s  
@nicksantino not really June = back to school 
@hoezay__x3 they kept him. June 9th he haves court 
@dukefan112 even feel like June yet, i still feel as if the school year has a long way to go yet 
can't like the June gloom!! 
wish it would stop raining  It's June 1st!!  Wheres the sun!
Report deadline preponed to 12th of June 
I think it's June gloom all over the world. 
@rogueevents Can u tell me when the tickets for asylum 4 go on sale? its says 1st June on website but had no luck 
@misscheryn LOL awwh well, there's lots of sun here atm. All my purple is fading  and it's already winter... 1st of June and all 
I cant believe its June already... I might NEVER make it to the beach this summer 
It's cold!! And I left my sweater in my car!  it shouldn't be cold in June!
June's gonna effing suck 
Ugh feeling a lil sick today  blehhh not happy!! It's June 1st &amp; still no baby!! I'm gettn incredibly impatient now!!!!!
@tpolk02 ...N my trip is June 14th!! 
June freakin gloom! 
@19MarkAttack it came out in July. I was on holiday at the time.  They have 2 events one at da start of the year and one June.  I think.
@TeamTSwift lol.he's embarrassing.and its so cool that PPP comes out June 15th for you guys.it sucks we have to wait to June 26th 
No hot water at home from today until June 5th. I hate it 
what is with the June gloom outside? cold and gray = 
I'm terribly sad I missed the first pedestrian sunday of the season  June 28 booked!
My calendar is missing June and July...  http://myloc.me/2j0a
operation 11th June :S am really nervous/scared about it..... 
 I though June was supposed to be WARM. Yet, I can't see the difference between June and March &gt;
@brookehaskins It's ridiculous. We've had weeks of 100-degree weather &amp; it's just now June! It sucks. I hate it anymore. 
6th of June...i'm gonna regret it...i've no choice 
good morning! its June 2. 8 days before my b-day! haha!  just a cup of noodles for breakfast. not feeling better 
good morning! its June 2. 8 days before my b-day! haha! just a cup of noodles for breakfast. not feeling better  will check for updates.
Waiting for June 18th....  
@amellarrieux will be in charlotte, nc June 13th.... I'm sad I can't go. 
Trying to decide which shows to go to this June. I hate that I can't go to all 
Knows what she wants for her birthday (June 14) but highly doubts she'll get it 
Is feeling  that she did not know that it is all ready June, o well time flys...
I can't believe its June! I need to stop procrastinating 
Last day of work until June 15th.   After that, work gets revenge...back to back travel weeks. 
@halalkitty I think I'd take that to 5 degrees and raining in June. 
I've got to cancel the 5th June photoshoot, since I can't have the equipment 
@mariancall:  wish that were manhattan, manhattan . . .  glad your tour is going well!  friends &amp; fam, go to her June 19th seattle show!
@Atabey28 I'm only doing the first session so I'll be back by the end of June and I'm only taking 2 classses because I'm broke 
At work....still dreading tomorrow....June 3, 2006 the day I lost myself 
back to real world, hope everyone is good??  June is here but you'd never know it ,whats with this weather   
So...I'm really sick  this always happens at the worst time... And it's June! WTF?!?!
I am going to be 31 on June 23, and am crying over the fact that my goldfish is dying.  
June 16th is way too far! 
@kristenjoerger I know!  Its hard w a mom, haha. I finish class June 12, can we have a lunch date!?!
its horrendous - 2morrow is teh same in 50s  i hate it  @EricaRobyn123: if it really is June, then why is it in the 40s in chica
Just been updated by my friends that our regular class will start in June 15. 
Indoors indoors. I guess I can't go outside the whole time of June 
it's raining...it's really June.  I hate June.
Waiting on 18th June, all this revision is hurting my head meeeh  x
June has got to be the most mundane, the most boring month out of all the months 
Shit. Totally thought today was June 2nd. 
@troublebrother if you're still intent on the week of 28 June, sadly I will miss #SELTweetup. 
is heading into work on this somewhat chilly and gray sky morning... It is June, right?  miss the sunrise these past few mornings...
canceled June 6.  http://plurk.com/p/y3yot
wearing jacket in June  
Here it is June, my deadline has past for my 2nd book.  I haven't written book 2 beyond 60 pages   I feel demotivated. I have to press on
@MotasemDresses Ok I will! Just got home with absolutely nothing.  I need it by the 18th of June.
Last day of laying out by the pool before my &quot;June mester&quot; starts!! 
It's too cold out for June. 
This is soooo not June weather 
Get kids back today for the week, boyfriend is out of town  will spend weekend looking online for jobs and paying bills. June gloom today.
June gloom I don't like days like this where's my beach weather 
What a weird weather!  June has been historically the most beautiful month of the year here...  
yup all alone on my bday   happy bday every1 born on the 5th of June!
drags himself out of bed and the house to get milk... not really interested in using the milk in the fridge that expired 1st June 
goodnight  life is terrible until June 24th.
is putting on a sweater it is -0 in June wtf? ya well not impressed at all 
Its June 6th 2009, my birthday. Its 2:14 A.M. and I can't even sleep on my own birthday 
Morning internet... miserable day in england :/ June hasnt started to well eh? I miss feeling all fantastic in the morning 
its the 6th June and I've just had to put the heating on ... 
furnace is back on ... June 6th *sigh* ... 56 was too cold ... with a cold coming on.   - EMOfest complete.
Ugh....snow in June...it's just not right. 
still have a frozen timeline... When are you going to fix it @twitter? Last visible tweet is from the June the 2nd 
classes are moved on June15... so sad. 
I so wish i was going to the jonas brothers show on the 15th of June! i have to wait til november 
Total emotional breakdown. The majority of this year has been utter crap and it's only June 
Should one be cold in June? 
June 9- first day of school... [hope they'll move it on June 16 ..  ]
@MARIKAonline So does snow in June 
i'm getin sick  ...who gets sick in June?!?
I was so distracted by snow in June, I stepped on my kittys tail  I feel bad now
@RealtorTed Ahhh... will have to miss it.  I'm taking a few days off starting June 17th - will be out of the city. 
Phillies lost in extra innings. I shouldn't feel so bummed about it because it's only June, but damn. 
Who gets a cold in June? Ahhh venturing outside the house for the first time all day 
Aghhh has a meeting tomorrow with the Borad about PTA stuff! right after church too!  I start work June 9th-June12th!
my heater kicked on in June?  
It's June and I'm sooo coooold 
@markygk I get a cold in June 
@OJthekid going on June 27 &amp; back on July 30th .. i don't feel like going  so many questions at a time dude !! O_O
@PartyPleaser Here in Argentina the elections are in next June 28th.I dunno who to vote yet 
Bad day, I hate the month of June! I hate it so much! 
I don't want to get out of my bed  it's June and so cold outside!
It's pissing down. This is what we Brits mean by &quot;flaming June!&quot; 
I wish I could travel to Oslo June 19th! BUT I CAN'T !! 
@ishamay ohh, it was posted there. hmm, i don't get it..  i hope that it would be same as mine. June 16.  i'm sad for you girl. :|
Who said it could be this cold and rainy in June? 
Ah, rain in June, how I do love water in my basement 
There is snow once again in calgary, i cant believe that its June and snowing 
It's June 7, usually warm and summery, and today the temperature isn't even hitting 50F. We have the heat on, y'all! 
gah I wish marks were up. It's almost mid-June 
@June4th I keep hearing that they are likely to get the 6th Yorks &amp; Humber seat. If so I'll be devastated, that's my area 
@jimparedes you won't attend the June 10 rally? 
im afraid something really bad is gonna happen on June 13th  imagine those possibilities
@SaraLuvzDrew lucky you. if i wouldn't have those two tests on June 10th in math and chemistry, i would be on summer holidays too.  grrr
aww my grandparents won't be joining our trip on June 25th 
@iammenina June 15, please. They have a letter that if you came from another country you get excused for like 10 days!  )
http://twitpic.com/7geu1 - June 10th 2009 an awfull day 
@GegeBrown aww devs! I thought you were coming up in June/July for holidays! 
'twas thunder ... and hail ... in June! 
@Hfashionista thats cuz people need to watch their carbon footprint.. soon, it will be snowing still in June.. 
is at school in media sooo bored  whats everyone up to ?&lt;3 14 days till my birthday 15 at last 29th June  any1 elses bday that day? luv
@KevAnthony Lol if I was living in America.. my thought on June will be the opposite, the fact it is winter here when its June thats why 
Hey, June gloom - eff you!  I didn't want this cold. 
It's raining and grey and cold. I am making mashed potatoes in June!!! 
@r_dirty haha thanks what do you study? I know.. I still have till June 26th  have fun in the water xD
@solobasssteve you'll be able to claim ur name on Sunday, June 28, 2009, we're waiting too 
so sad!!! it's annoying! I read that lines, vines and trying times comes out on 26th June in Germany 
It's not supposed to be like this!! It was supposed to be a beautiful sunny June day!! 
@BeautiifuLGirL i know! i preordered mine and got an email that they sent it to me June 26 th 
I already look like a lobster and its only June 15! 
@RyRy158 June 26th 
noooo it looks like June gloom will be burnt off this week  goodbye high 60s, hello high 80s/90s :[
@junniecyh I'm sorry, June! I'll try to fix this! 
@theweddingdiva Would you believe I do not have ONE June wedding.    But look out come July  4!
Its June and I'm waering my leather jacket. I guess my boom boom shorts aint coming out this year 
3.0 not till June 18 
27June ... I will waiting for U (L) 
@witnessamiracle mine starts on June 29th, ends on July 9th.  yours?
Why the hell is it so cold in June 
Man June is going so slow!!  I never like time moving fast but man I just want July!!!
Should have waited til June 19th for the new iPhone 
can't wait for LVaTT. Worlwide June 16th but in Germany June 26th 
got hurt at work may 27th had to get surgery on June 8th 2 plates and 3 screws in my foot nice be off work 6-12 weeks on workers comp 
@heydani ugh! I envy you! Here comes June 25 
just found out the Tony awards were June 7th, not July 7th, dang... 
It's only June 16th for fifty more minutes 
7am on the 17th June and still no iphone 3.0 software update, will try again later 
iPhone os 3.0 moved back to the 18th June.  1 more day.  I'm dying again. 
iPhone 3.0 update delayed until June 18th  http://www.apple.com/sg/iphone/softwareupdate/ #fb
OS 3.0 delayed, it looks like it's now June 18th - oh dear  http://bit.ly/UwMnn
June 17 2003: the day my world turned upside down. its been 6 years without you mommy i miss you so much 
iphone softwareupdate postponed (18th of June)  #iphone #postponed #3.0
Apples new iPhone 3G[S] will arrive the 19th of June to people who pre-ordered  the receiver aka AT&amp;T is making UPS hold it till then. 
Apples new iPhone 3G[S] will arrive the 19th of June to people who pre-ordered  the receiver aka AT&amp;T is making UPS hold it till then. 
Apples new iPhone 3G[S] will arrive the 19th of June to people who pre-ordered  the receiver aka AT&amp;T is making UPS hold it till then. 
iPhone update June 18?! 
@SystraMaria June 29th. 
just occurred to me that even though it's June 17th, I'm still wearing winter clothes to work.  boo summer
see...they should put times when it will be released instead of just a general &quot;June 17th&quot; pffft.  I woke up early for nothing 
so sad . . .work will never be the same after June 
@AmelieBC I do have one but only after the 25th of June...feels like ages from now!!! 
This hasnt been a very sunny June! 
June seems to be passing by sloowly  I just want it to be my birthday already! gawd
ummmmmmm, what to do tonite, its gloomy out  not the June i what it to be
June has been such a waste 
@RadioRose I just don't get it! Isn't it the middle of June 
My grandmother's sister passed away on June 12. 
I wanna go to the snow. It's June. 
Hates that on June 18th she is awake @ 1:30 am working on classwork. 
June bug in my room 
Its mid of June clowdy weather in pune but no rain 
we have middle of June already...... :o and no summer @ all 
Too much rain for mid June 
This damn rain is depressing. June is 3/4 done and we haven't had a consistently warm day yet. This sucks 
@Bgfilly yeah, it's pretty cloudy today...i hope that it doesn't rain, it's weird like it's June 18th and it's still somewhat cold 
The timber has arrived, tough work lifting it from street into garage.  If the weather gets better I might be complete in June #fb
@betsielarkin this seriously has to be the most disgusting June weather ever.   I need a tan!
it's June 18th and it's pouring rain 
What? June 16th was Picard day and I totally missed it  THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS
@khaizz You don't want to go to school? I have been going to school every single day so far for the entire June holidays. 
chipped my front tooth....the same tooth that I broke in 2006  luckily I got my dental insurance back effective June 1st
Coming to terms with the reality that it's June and I need rain boots 
@tawerlau bleh bleh bleh. I can't get a new phone until June 10 
@jevygurl It was 63 degrees and no sunshine here....yay June! 
Not liking this hot humid weather.......... And this is just June  I miss lake superior
@jeremx It's only open on weekends through June. 
Just got a brand new betta fishy named June! yay! welcome our new pet! still miss sally......r.i.p dear ole fishy pooh! 
I even forgot that tomorrow (June 19th) was our anniversary.  I am an idiot.
@rrajeshk Any reco for a good movie to watch this season? I read reviews of June movies - none looks good 
Filling in tax return forms...  the June 30th deadline is looming over my head like a dark cloud 
everything went well.. just got back home..  had to climb three floors to get to my class though.. sigh.. why is June so hot? why?! 
May 13th-June 4th  .............. June 7th-?????  Teehee ;)
@kaequan we really do, it's quite disgraceful! It's been bad this year actually, not normally this wet in June... 
I think we complained about the cool weather in June too much...I do not like humidity...especially when mixed with hot!  
@trillsie They reported on the local news that June has had the most 60 degree days we've had in 30 years! And climate change isn't real. 
iPhone 3GS not on sale in o2 until 26th of June  http://bit.ly/wiWby
@tonynewquay 25th June only 6 days now 
@allysonsaid June 28th! Goooooooooooooooooooooooo 
CAN wait for June 24th 
reckons the 28th of June - my birthday - isn't going to be all that fun 
@NikitaSamuelle I will miss June, too!!!! 
@andreaaaaarose its not out till June 26th in the U.S 
It's the middle of June and I'm sick... 
@theswellers When you guys come in a week June27th, I need a ride for the showww. 
is jealous cause of the June ball pics from last night are all over facebook 
20th June and looking for a scarf to pop on 
Brewing some saturday morning coffee listening to a childs toy sing the farmer and the dell...I miss the cool June weather of last week 
Those who had major sales spikes on June 18th may be disappointed when re-downloading the revised sales report... 
June gloom, I thought you were gone.  ... I guess that means it's time to head to the gym.
I lost my step-mom last night (June 19th), I was in the hospital room when her heart rate got to zero 
I have 0 life in the month of June 
@MartyScottShow sad that is nearing the end of June and we NEED a bonfire. warm summer nights is my fave part of summer 
...feeling the lump in my throat again as June 21st approaches 
The weather sucks...I hate June gloom 
@ImajicArt supposed to be finished for the end of June.....orig it was end of sep, but moved it forward 
Another rainy day in June, wonderfull... 
has just had her judgement day pushed to 30th June. 
@wickedbruinsfan Except hockey in June 
Thinks June is flying by so fast...I'm REALLY gonna miss you guys.  
Only one more week of June. 
@Until_It_Sleeps I'm gone until this friday. June 26 
@embolus Not yet, from 26th June. 
June in new york has not been a good time for us curly haired people 
@angelawr77   you need girl time or alone time? I'm away until June 30- but after that. What r u doing for 4th? *hugs*
@JrMozart it only took me back to the beginning of June.  
June 22nd came and went 
The district strikes again....well not really. I just hate when my substitute assignments are finished. Last day June 29th. 
why cant everyday be June 19th 
Day off to go to June's 6th grade graduation. June sick, so we stay home. 
I haven`t celebrated my blog`s first anniversary yet. T`was supposed to be this June, but school`s hell. Aww 
@KerryFinch  I wish I had done that I feel a 30 June depression coming on 
June's almost over and I caught a cold 
@chieftech responding re your 23 June reply: we would have liked to be at #publicsphere but could not make it  We covered where we could
@kinshuksunil no one coming for the 48hours non-stop gaming on 4th June kya? 
not enjoying the fact that both my corporation tax and vat return are due by the end of June 
is it June now and July in 5 days?! feel like it's September, brrrr 
@Ithato :O it's June 25th, you're almost three months late for the April fools! 
@suchducks on uh June 26 i thinks. and then the tampa one is on the 27th. 
@starfocus youre gonna move? how ya been? i think we should go hiking together, after my job finishes in June 
MGMT is coming to memphis June 11 
@thatsolomon see u in June! 
@PetaVard sounds like June-July week-ends are going to be hugely inspiring  I am in!
packing stuffs. ebaying. pushing myself to start working out  have to be super uber fit by end of June
My place for 5 weeeks in June  http://twitpic.com/3budf
@jeherve No conditions. Just free till June, no strings attached. Just send me your ad 
home and sleeping  wake me up in June?
2,000 by June is my goal 
@skeyelab hey dude, June I think! 
@Llensposts heh, not going till end of June but booked my ticket the other day so have started thinking about it all 
@vixtoria_lee @Sizzles07 we so need to party!!!!! I'll be home in June! 
looking forward to June 12th 
@ibosmiley not as much as they are now, off season for me right now, things will pick up in June with festivals and such. 
@maydbs Its looking like June - nice right? 
Just listened to condre scr and got an invitation to watch their live concert on June 20th in Munich http://bit.ly/DAXA0  #postrock 
@JawshE It starts again June 14 
@Deathwishedx3 If you haven't changed your mind by mid-June then you can have one  x
Recogns he could get his assignments out of the way by June  bring it on
@JennInOman it will be 45+ in June/July 
@youngguitargod Aren't you a demanding follower. It has been announced all over, but to save you the time looking it's June 2009.  
@mjboltz yep!!!!! June 2nd 
@JGDemas June 14th! 
@dstreets POW manny June 7th 
@MisterRo I'd hold off with the hat purchase for June. I really would.  Pleasing ladies will require many, many more KMs to be run...
@iburlak it's still a little chilly for me right now, but by mid-June the water really warms up, it's like bathwater...pretty amazing!!  
@ilywithanou AWESOME! well have a blast!  im gunna miss u this summer! geeesh =/ deff cant wait till June 6th! and we can pick...
@zoebakes I know -- so disappointed.  I'm out of commission until about June next year then crossing my fingers 
is trying to stay focused and finish her spanish project. June 4th is gonna rock!!! 
I am having such a hard time keeping this secret from the fam...hurry up middle of June 
June is now looknig like its gonna be a perfect month for gigs 
lol,true say its nearly summer and i really didnt need the extra baggage! June 20th here i come 
@LamRyan June 7thh  it starts @ 11:30 i believe its at the church! class night is the night before
Princess Protection Program in June 
I know what i'll be doing on June 2nd  http://twitpic.com/5f0xd  the graphics look so... pristine! i'm excited 
@SalonStyletto don't forget, you guys are doing hair and make up June 6th 
I'm falling alseep.. eeks! @DeathKindler I love you, I really do.&lt;3 I guess I might talk to you June 1st, or you can call me anytime. 
@tweedscott.... Hmmm, June 1966 was your prom?  that is the week I was born (June 8th).  Not to make you feel old or anything  
I got the nanny job!!! I start June 1st 
@mversion don't mind me - i've been cold since i moved here which was June last year .. well except for those few really hot days over 40 
Turning 1 this June  uhhh.. my braces I mean..  1 year of pure metal mouth madness  nyaaaaahhh
@danlockton the pleasure is all mine  hope you did get some traffic from my pointers? I'll be translating it for http://reboot.dk in June.
@nigelfoley hey nigel thanks for following, looking forward to seeing you at the festival in June 
woot ! I had forgotten I still have 8 days of vacation to take. June is going to be chill 
@RebelMaren I'm available for bookings through June. 
Doing a bit of editorial work this week; June is going to be a great month to read my material, that's for sure. 
mid June......you will like it!  
@cg219 yep, Cgtuts+ will be launching on June 1 
@zarezan gift me http://deepstore.ru/images/29779.jpg However, my birthday's on June, 12  this is very unexpected and pleasant
My workmates are going back to their province to celebrate fiesta! And me, this coming June!! 
@debbieseraphina @appleey we could always do a weekend on. let's see how it goes. probably next #sgtweetup sometime in June. 
no college untill 11th June  just 1 exam leftt!!
Birminghams music scene getting a well deserved boost during June  ... please follow @brummusicmonth ... 
Working again... I work everyday until June 3rd  But I can't wait to move into my apartment next weekend.
should be getting my canoe the first week in June 
@pingpongpanda no worries!  you come down on the 1st of June too!  
@BriannaCP 3rd June, the expo is the weekend after that 
@revertfashion and I'm buying the black and gold vneck at warped tour on June 26th 
My birthday is coming June 3 
WOW! my awesome wkend adventure is over =( I want more like it...gotta plan for June 
I wanna go camping one weekend in June, feel free to let me know if you'd like to join 
@kinsky June 18 - July 8th   soon soon haha, can't eat to eat spicy food yg bikin perut perih LOL
just booked a flight to detroit to meet the bf's parents June 12-15th.... should be fun! 
is getting a puppy on June 8th! 
@AngelSharum Thanks!  I'm hoping June is a much better month for me.  I really need to get my act together. 
@eclectrica June 24th for us!  I'm so excited.
If your workout is in need of revamping get personal trainer with the experts at pump 24 or join the xgt program starting June 1st! 
I am so tired! 27th June = Avenue Q! 
@hantu #tWiitKL is set for 13th June  will def want you there to have fun bsides bringing the mario kart 
Our June meet-up for film types is 6pm Tuesday 2 June! Details here: http://tinyurl.com/lrper2 and RSVP here: http://tinyurl.com/ljug8m 
@ianloring not actually release till June 2nd .... I've got a naughy proof copy 
@chippy That's good to hear. I shall save my pennies and then procrastinate some more at end of June 
