Most common words for this cluster:
[('just', 1037), ('quot', 68), ('lol', 56), ('day', 47), ('i', 44), ('amp', 41), ('time', 40), ('home', 37), ('night', 32), ('today', 32), ('na', 31), ('com', 29)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Just', 0.9375908970832825), (u'Okay', 0.6920864582061768), (u'Well', 0.6854454278945923), (u'Seriously', 0.6712812781333923), (u'So', 0.671181857585907), (u'Anyway', 0.6590087413787842), (u'And', 0.6587461233139038), (u'Hey', 0.6583168506622314), (u'Actually', 0.6533147692680359), (u'Really', 0.651600182056427)]





@sevenmac You should set up a video channel for your podcast on Miro. Just checked and you're not listed there. 
Yawn!! Just got up. Getting ready for school. 
working thinkin of ways to leave this place feeling like Trey songz Just gotta make it lol i hate wall street its so Gray and sad 
#spbpuk other common failures to upgrade: dec CU had a corrupted dlls in it and hanged. Just my experience. 
@danieldennis I hate it when people say Rocky 5 was horrible.   That's my favorite Rocky film. Just for the street fighting...
@ApplaudtheActor Oh no, definitely not a stranger to House. Just haven't watched last night's episode yet. Not looking forward to it now. 
@SamStreet69 I didn't know they needed serviced  Just got them MOT'd last month!
Digging wandering typos... Anyway: Just realized I'm dressed like Fez from &quot;That 70s Show&quot;... 
@Charl13B00 Just finished the pizza for breakfast. sorry 
@novamc I am still on Twilight  got distracted from TV shows. Just wanna know if I should read the 2nd when I am done with the first.
That's Just great,  Group pic cancelled!  Due to this tunder storm,  Thanks Houston 
Sending my PC off to HP - it's one and truely Crapped up. Just formated it, and that didn't do the trick 
Getting ready for an afternoon of events, then Guys movie night!  Might be fun. Just a tad jealous that Mary's going to the game... 
Trying out Blu. Beautiful client. Just wish there was a way to resize the window though. 
@glove ... Hey there! Just wondering if you'll be coming back to AZ soon? I came down with the flu &amp; missed the last Tempe,AZ show 
@mommytoaprince Yeah, my sis did. We don't have her anymore though.  Been good! Just living life! Whats your name? or a SN I might know?
@guyoseary heard about M's accident. Terrible! And because of the paparazzi! Just so wrong.  Sending her lots of get well wishes!
Back into French France. Just written Honk If You're Porky on back of car but no takers yet 
@samantharonson thx for that Sam.  Just went and checked it out.  Sad 
Just woke up....soooo sick!  Strep maybe?  Just when it's getting nice out too.  I want to be in Vegas. And not be sick 
Pigeons of Reigate yesterday launched sustained shit attack on car. Just had to clean it all off 
Although a rental car does mean that my wife left for Alabama for a week. Just me and our 3 cats 
Although a rental car does mean that my wife left for Alabama for a week. Just me and our 3 cats 
@CosmicMother There are 5of us and the single has already been released and funds are already going to NSPCC.   Just need to a way of ..
Gutted! Just taken the car for a trial run and there's no way I can drive to work this week either  Heal you stupid muscles, heal...
@aplusk Try that on your Bar Mitzvah!  Just drained a bucket from the 3-point line there.
I can't find my Ipod   Just tore the living room apart and never found it.
Home without Kirby  Just played drums for the 1st time in the the last couple weeks
(Owner) Just blocked 11 ad/spam merchants from following this account, six of whom were clones of each other 
@ufot0fu Just got hold of a .avi version. Will watch it soon. Well, so far the only movie I've seen is Departures. 
@unityofeffect Nope. Just cherry and grape. 
I'm awful. Concussion basically made me forget to do 25% of my wedding thank yous. Just finished at 4 am while doing laundry, too.  Ewwie.
@Futiaexpo79 Nah,not in front of a judge.Just in front of a bunch of scallies and lawyers in wigs.Not cool as I did nowt wrong  Hate work.
@Xanneroo Just don't go to any of the fast food stalls in Camden Market, they'll turn your belly!! I fall for it every time... 
Kinda crappy outside. Just want to watch a good movie and cuddle, but with 2 lil ones it makes it difficult 
@mlyons Heard there was some wifi prob there. Just in case, the hashtag is #polc09 not #pol09. Made same mistake earlier 
YAY!!! Just finished this paper on Night.....great book....bad paper  Oh well!
@Nuff55 Just tea today, babe! Driver was late.... 
AGH! Just got 4head in my eye, now look like a boxer, and cant see properly! 
Busy busy busy! The Casinos getting slammed so works going by fast for me. Woo hoo!! Just....5 more hours to go  waaaaaa
Sick. Just vomitted all over the netball court wish my mother had a hint of maternal instinct instead of making me keep playing. 
@Liberalviewer1 Just living and learning. Getting my heart stomped on a few times makes me stronger, right?! 
Imagine the check out line at Carrefour during the weekend. Now imagine that while most of the workers are on strike. Just my luck  -K
Just buried Plath the goldfish   Just hope that Roo doesn't dig her up
Cock. Just missed my train. Half an hour till the next one 
@hasina_za Ouch! Just in case anybody was thinking the battle was won 
My flight is delayed. Dammit to hell! Just wanna go home!!!! Miss my puppies!  sad chingas....
Here in Iowa for a memorial baseball game for a young man named Grant. His last concert was mine  Just found out today I lost a friend.
Kinda yeah.  Just wish I had my komat unit up. another several thousand songs not on the new DJConsol yet.  
Ok, on my way! Just trying to catch a bus now! A limo just went past - it didn't stop for me! 
Can't feel my body! Just got in bed! Early rising in a few hours 
Damn why am still up ? Just can't sleep 
@Wossy It definitely is the best day of the week - it's absolutely gorgeous! Just a pity I have to revise 
Wow.Just had white pudding.Alot better than black.Gutted about Hatton too 
@cillian23 HOLLY SMOKEZ, Jace  Mysoju's not working! UGGGH. Just when everything's soooo gooood. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Funny, possibly, how I always believe 'it won't happen to me'. Just lost about 5 hours' work on a  story. Can't even blame Bill Gates 
Day 2 of BAMBOOOOZLEEEE! Turning up intoxicated. This should be AWESOME. Just not thinking about the goodbye right now 
@zuzluz Ew, sounds.... Just ew. Cat puke is...ew. 
@para_natural   Evil exists.  Just read the daily paper for proof of that 
Rainy weekend.  Just TV and food, no golf  
@Yungmarvingaye , Just left from Harlem earlier today. 
Crap. Just remembered I forgot to blog tonight.  Maybe tomorrow.
@challyzatb Yeah  Not your job, by any stretch of the imagination. Just wondered. I'm sorry; it's really horrible.
@Debbas LOL ~ I wish   Just my insomnia.  It's 5:30am.  Taking a bath to try to relax.  Sorry your Dad didnt get released today 
@antica Hang in there .. Just a few minutes to go. I still have about 45 minutes 
Lovely big crack in my windscreen. Needs to be replaced. Just what I need 
Happy monday! Just kidding! Its more like a dredded monday morning!  ~*Cricket*~
@EricHamm Just sent you an email! Sorry for the delay! and hey at least you can use Pandora.. It doesn't work in China 
@iLoveNKOTB_ ;Just gonna go to Lyns store, then im not too sure after that!  You?!
Hey All!  Just got back from camping! Too late to post new comic.  But will post a new panel tomorrow! www.drunkduck.com/dot_dot_dot
I am not liking funny face. The music is great..... The storyline is a little....... ugh.... Crud... Just heard a cry from the other room 
@Klutzylutz Sorry, I'll stop whining. Just had a few computer issues 
@Willy9e whoah, that was just mean.  I am not talking to you anymore. BYE BYE. Just kidding :p
Just saw a guy ditch his date outside my building. Literally left her standing on the sit of the road.  I wonder what she did. Lol
@littlelaylay love other room!!! Yum...chimay! Just got home from babyshower. Exhausted 
http://bit.ly/16XAuv  Just for my friends and twittaz! &quot;No Sleep Saturdays&quot;...Sorry for my soar throat 
@h0ll0wd0ll Oh no  Just down or has something happened ? I never get to chat with her any more 
@dansenlair Just did on friday! Hehe! But no dress tho. 
Backed up into a fence last night...nothing serious. Just scratches.  waiting for the scolding to begin.
@JBlake822 Boo you! Just finished one. Now on to another. 
Ohh yes. Just realized I can eat at my favorite Korean bbq joint tomorrow after we land in Hawaii. Now I just need to kick my sinus cold 
@charlotteAsh Yup. Over until next year.  #lost
Almost at the end!  Just season finale left to go for Buffy, and it's the end finale of the whole show... Well, Angel after this! 
Oh dear... Am getting ill &amp; I have my GCSE's  bloody Swine Flu! Just kidding... Hopefully.
@Fitzchev Uh noes... Just realized I have a training in Paris that week. No luck 
@sarahtottie omg so ashamed ....Just putting down to shock!!! She died this morning  heading through just now!!! Oh and pleasure anytimex
Is this really May weather in the north east? Cloudy, rainy and cold. Just wonderful  When am I returning to LA? Not soon enough!
@AnotherJulia Morn\aft. Just to let u know I am hear even tho u can't see me, and I can't see u. Don't like this new twitter one bit!!  
@Karen_Eden Just heard you've had the first swine flu death in Texas.  Take care.
Totally feel sorry for the child actors from Slumdog  Just not right. http://bit.ly/UASBh
@NoLeftTurns  Sorry! Just think about all the people who would want your job though. We all have crappy weeks.
Sad!!!  Just found out that my trainer is no longer training as of June 2nd...now WTF am I going to do 
@havenward Nah. Just not running it this week, which really sucks. 
Of FFS. Why did I choose to write on an article where the author's last name is REID. Just makes me distracted and want to watch C-Minds 
Izzy: Morning! Just woken up and currently stuffing my face with toast (:. I have loads of work to do today  xx
bad news. my friend t0Ld me, t0m0rr0w we'll g0t bi0L0gy test. And I d0nt have time to study. go0d. Just go0d.. 
Learning German. Just home from a car rally, CAR BROKEN!! :'( GRRrr.. So back to German... 
Anyone playing Mafia Wars?? Just started today and have lost interest already  prob dont need another addiction but its not that great
&quot;Dr. Mom&quot; sent me back to bed after giving me a decongestant and ibuprofen. Just woke up. No more snuffles, but still achey. 
Exhausted, annoyed that the motel has not provided any cookies, or a spa. Just about to find food then teach. Not back till after 10. 
@deanomarr Hahaha!! Just for another 30 minutes or so,to keep me warm!! Isn't it cold?? brrrrrrrrrrr 
@stilgherrian No vaccine for Dengue. Just DEET up and don't get bitten. Should recover 1st time, 2nd time = jelly organs  #secretmission
Reason #107 why i hate sleeping (or trying to sleep) in the dark - Mosquitoes. Just got bitten by one on the foot. 
Ok net is still being lesbian  Just got home from after school rehearsals. Fun fun fun. Behold I am the Great Maxim  x
@Audio_Rush Just finished browsing at her content = 
@propecia69 Aww pumpkin! Ohio never gets earthquakes. We're so boring.  Just tornado(e?)s and too much snow.
Upset  For the millionth time: Why the heck? Just why? 
27 days until uni course number 2 is finished! WooHoo!!!! Just need to start and finish my last 4 assignments. . .boooo  lol
@dawnliew Sorry. Just couldn't contain my excitement. I think I wet my pants a bit 
@betweeted_com Cold here in Philly too. Seems like there's no Spring anymore. Just goes from late winter to 90+ &amp; humid Summers. 
@MrPointyHead Just wondering when the prizes from the Rise of the Argonauts competition are being sent out? No rush - dead 360 atm 
@TheRealJordin Just get it Jordin LOL Everytime i go to walgreens, they are out  maybe I'll just buy one off tv LOL
Maths went badly. Reckon I've lost too many marks for an A*. Just hoping I've got enough for an A or I won't be able to do it at A level. 
Ohfuuuuuu. Just pulled something on my neck/shoulder area. Pain has, in fact, arrived! 
You know when you have the feeling that you forgot to bring something important? Yeah. Just happened to me. I don't have house keys 
@TeeZazzle Just joined your FC on there. I've been to your store plenty, don't know how I overlooked it. 
@RiskyBusinessMB michael bruno!! nice rap skills to Kayne. Just saw a video from tonight. wish i could have been there 
Eating mcdonalds waiting for nichoooooolas and count d!  This was an AMAZING night.  Just what I need.  I'm sad about snack size though 
Bummer! Just collected from the dry cleaners my new $300 skirt that had red wine spilt on it 1st wear - stain hasn't come out...annoying 
Ouch Ouch Ouchy McOuchyson! Just had horrid dental procedure! Teary, shaky and mouth numb and bloody 
I'm so mad for doing this to myself. But it was worth it?  No sleep til NAPA!...Literally.
@Jennyc28 Not even thinking about that. Just can't wait for the break- haven't had one since Christmas, really... boo! 
@MacworldUK Just found a rumour in the paper that apple are opening a store in Aberdeen.  Shame I'm too young to get a job 
@blairtrimble Well - I don't know if I'm getting him/her yet. Just born yesterday. Not sure he's going to make it. Long, sad story. 
@DrErotnik  Stay calm! Just think... &quot;What would Sonic do?&quot;
@kwidrick I didn't know I had something called Automator. Just looked at it - no idea what it does 
@Zach_n_Vickie I'm so bummed I missed your call!!! Just got your message 
a business He's the boss were his slave workers. There's no love here. Just hate and convention. HATE it! Fml! Just wanna be loved. 
Hmmm . Just waiting too hear the recording of me at Stage challenge  . Silly Zm hasnt played it yet lol
It just sunk in. Just got dumped 4 d 1st time. Ppl enter ur life 4 either a reason, season or a lifetime. Life goes on 
Fuck yo.. Just fuck.. 
YAY! Just finished the branding graphics for a weekly news thing for youth church! oh is that the time??? dang... (its around 2am in NZ) 
8th grade's over!  Kinda sad. Just got back from Holiday World! 
@andreastephani mine is going to be too long! Argh! Just spoke to Westlaw in America but there is nothing they can do 
Omg. Just saw an old jonas music vid for american dragon. They were so little. I miss the joehawk 
FUCK. Just tabbed out of TF2 and got kicked for it 
Laying in bed... Just took a tamiflu...  http://myloc.me/1Xx6
Oh, and really bummed that @CoTweeters is becoming a spam haven.    Just filter all tweets w/ &gt; 1 URL or &gt; 1 &quot;@&quot; within.
DaveTaylor: Oh, and really bummed that  is becoming a spam haven.    Just filter all tweets w/ &gt; 1 URL or &gt; 1 &quot;@&quot; within.
Disk failure warning on my laptop. Just hope it waits until I get back 
Grrrrr fuck. Just remembered that I'm doing the later shift today, so not at work for another hour! What a wasted lay in opportunity 
@JenniferSmithCo Just checked the diary and it clashes with uSwitch.net beers 
@ArtOfCarbo Surely you knew this before hand? A good book or a hand held has to be essential. Just no PSPs unless you have a charger. 
@flashlight Hah! Just wait till you turn 40 
DIDO &quot;US 2 Little Gods&quot; http://ow.ly/9UIn &quot;Just this moment/ Let it all stop here/ I've had my fill&quot;...words that make you panic... 
Was going to Grandpa's place for lunch to celebrate his 88th.  Just found out it's changed to a Chinese buffet  Bringing Gas-x!
 Sorry. Just think - 2.5 hrs till 2 days off!
@rickblanton Not married any more! Silly man! That was done long ago, you do read my tweets! Barely escaped w/out paying him alimony! 
EMO moment!!  Just said good bye to my best friends EVER! But we'll meet again for sure! 
@heroesforsale That would have been fun BUT we were soooo TIRED yesterday.  Long day at the office. Just did dinner and crashed. 
#Ajax #php! Just thinking about a concept of autorefresh! @varun_chander made a mistake here 
@Jenty late reply again! I have Tweetdeck.  Just always have to logged onto my work account   and forget to check my personal account.
I'm Twitter dumb. Just saw my &quot;@thecraftpantry.com&quot; &amp; all the kind folks who've tweeted me. AH!So sorry, I'm not ignoring you, just SLOW. 
Sitting in traffic while my car gets rained on. Just washed it on Sunday. Doesn't the weather know this is California? 
@Cara62442 Just read those tweets and it sounded like i was getting on at you . I swear not what I meant to do 
(@anneandreah) Oh snap! Just got dissed. The party is moving to another venue and I didn't get invited! 
@da_Goat ever watched a movie w/ a chic who breath stank? Times like that shud make u feel better bout being single. Just tryna help. 
Is thrilled the Lakers won! Just wish my gig had cable so I could have watched it!  lol
@beigehornet Dammit, it didn't work. Just gave me the Windows driver 
Crap! Just missed the ferry 
Alot of my friends Stabbed me.   Just because they are against me for him i just don't get the reason why? 
Omg...     Just took my temp. Again and its still 101.5  Poopy. Whats wrong with me?
@Orchidflower Nothing. Just stopped working overnight. Feel like my arms been cut off 
@Mangowe VAT return.Just hearing the word makes me want to..well,vomit. I have a company return to do  so - fully understand how you feel!
@Makememeltrfku I am so happy you get to meet Dierks. Just wish I did too  But I get to go to LCB.
So i'm up and ready... Just about to head to the venue for rehearsals and sound check... I want to have a BBQ though  xx
@dphilipson1 mate. She's locked into her ideals now. Not her fault. Just +ive reinforcement from her peers. Shame. Feel sorry for her. 
@aunt_bunny @ebbimwake W Just sat down to this..empty grill  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/68yvf mmmmmm japanesey!!! Looks yummo.
@AmyCStewart her fever drops w/ Tylenol but goes right back up. She won't eat either or take pedialyte. Just wants to cry. 
http://bkite.com/07ZtC Just walked, 29 minutes, roughly 1.4 miles from dropping off my car. Crocs = blisters  #pic
Jus woke up. gettin better. Just in that very tired body ache stage. I hate bein sick 
Corona, lime, hotdogs and reggae! Just need one more special ingrediant... 15,000kms away! 
@jpalmiotti what a shame... not for you, and DEFINITELY not for her. Just for me 
@nikkreed Oww...  (Just letting you know, your new theme isn't very easy on the eyes!)
@pluginbabyS lol! Mine was soggy cause it was made yesterday.  Yes. Just gotta brush my teeth and im on my way.
It is SO NICE outside today! I can't wait to go to a park with my family! Just hope nobody calls me from work (I am on call this weekend) 
@brianwelburn: Oooh ! Just found that one ! Argh !  lol
Heading to Norman OK today. Just had breakfast at Cracker Barrel and getting ready to head north. No storms today to chase 
@ChadPil Just started having problems once it hit 10 yrs/100k. Great car all the yrs i've had it! Everything is starting to break now tho 
@MadMooToys no, you can't beat it.. It was so nice.. Just wish i'd been able to get actually into Brighton! maybe next weekend!  x
@ShiaoMei: &quot;@kbuech ..Thanks! U r too kind. { U just noticed??   }  Just playin'! Seriously, thank u.  ~~... ? http://blip.fm/~7bwtq
@phillymac Dude! Just got back from the day's drive and someone is crashed on the couch. He was traveling all week. 
Wow. Was Just sadly reminded how many tweets I've missed of people I follow because of crappy &quot;improved&quot; @twitter replies. 
Florida!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just got back from the beach and I'm now lounging around the house...so sad that tomorrow is my last full day here! 
@Britax Just installed our new Frontier, really miss the way LATCH straps were separate like on Marathon.  Not as tight a fit w/ one strap
Eww.. Just stepped on a dirty diaper in the best buy parking lot... 
GS Crashed out. Sprained wrist again. Should be ok by morn. Just as i was getting into it 
@ezzy_75 neither maths AND chemistry  Bad times. Just watched the team America I'm so ronery skit and LOLed... He looks like my dad ha x x
@ImSortaHD Gasp! Ur a meanie!  Just cuz I don't need huge cookies like yours...fatty! Lol
@ryanmartin_ I hate it  Oooh and i dont like scream...its not scary the guy just annoys me =P Just gonna read on and hope it gets better
@luke_FYF I can't hear you in it  The chords don't look hard at all! Just learn them and BAM play it on your own http://tinyurl.com/cj3jmf
@pink I'm glad you're doing 2 extra shows in Melb. Just wish I had the money to pay for one. I'm a few bucks short just for one ticket 
Oh Mi Tweets. For some reason I could not get thought Twitter.. Just get in.. just a few moments ago.. 
Wow. Just lost tens to aj and aq to kk. Down to 3k. What a fun 30 mins 
If u wanna see Down... Just watch any given second of my life. 
@tdball Ditto!  Share any effective conversion techniques and I'll do the same.  Tough battle so far.  &quot;Just eat well balanced&quot; ~ grains 
@kalena no. Just passing by near home. Back to Kawakawa tomorrow to resume  but will reach the end sat 6 June. Not far now
Lmao. &quot;Just blow it alll in her face tho, she love that&quot; lmaoooo 
Noooooo! Just realised my James tax disc holder is no more 
@BriBri2007 Just got home from the lamest strip club EVER!!! Smh 
@JonathanRKnight I'm not Jon........  Just got the news elsewhere.........
Bugger! Just killed my 2nd Flip camera. I'm doomed with them, 1st stolen, 2nd dropped, 3rd will prob die in bazaar gardening accident 
Good nite last nite! Lovely morning, the sun has his hat on! Just chillin with a cuppa and Hollyoaks, the sun hasn't hit the balcony yet! 
@Lauren_lolly_ not so far, that I'm aware of. Just assignments - two of which are due tomorrow morning. Not well staggered between units. 
@buffyc Sorry  Just been so busy with revision and stuff.
@Sidney96 Gasp! I want somee.  Haha, i do that! xD Just had 2 carry sister downstairs &amp; explain 2 mum what Twitter was. xD
Hello @MaschaD @EmmaKate76 What r u gals up 2?Just saw what went down OMJ!Did he really tell people FU? Wow he must have been pissed. 
Lying on the hammock. So so cool. Just wanna lie here all day. Gotta work tonight.  Suppose it's money in da pocket.
Zomg Just for Laughs is on, i'm never gonna study 
The Worlds Not Getting Smaller, There Are Just Less Things In It x 
@Fearnecotton Just read about your gardening this morning.... I shortly got in from visiting my mum in Wales and mine is a state!!! 
I suppose its sleepy time. Mondays are no fun at all.  Just 10 more weeks till this semester is up. And a long 10 weeks it'll be. Night!
@Rosie_not_Rose Nowhere exciting  Just working in a school (cleaning! pffft!) for the next week and gotta start at 6am every day!
@sistertoldja did u make it uptown? Just saw ur text, phone died in BK 
@frankiebrown18 I'm sorry  Just getting my own back ;) Finished now? xx
Listening to Just Vocabulary podcasts on my drive home from the airport...hubby is gone again  
Re-pinging @OhhMonica: Just one more hour of work --just one more hour and I start work. 
Ouchhh! Just banged my head on the light! (Danielle knew that would happen!) - I just fell to the ground! 
Just booked our holiday. Just a shame I can't take my baby cos she is on holiday with her Mum at the same time and she got in 1st 
I am in female agony.  Sorry for the TMI. Just: ow.
@Hans_Karl Just a great day with the family....  didn't want it to end!!    And you?
Sorry guys! I will cut u off if u tweet same thing for 5 times in a week!! Just can't take it! 
Up is awesome in 3D, by the way.  No eye strain, no cheap 3D tricks, just a beautiful sense of depth. Way to go, Pixar! Just no short 
@WorkingManders Sorry.  Just went and signed in blogtv so I  don't end up in jail tonight.
ughhhh ive been such a FAT Girl......I have to go to the gym to work this flub out!!!  its on now! Just wait......
@KChenoweth will miss you in Pushing Daisies!!! Just watched the first of the last 3 episodes 
@Tarale  it'll eventually be all better. Just need to wait - time sux in the healing process but you're better off for it.
@TeresaMedeiros Just downloaded it, thanks!  I went to the HELP on twit homepage, but it's not very organized   Thank you!
Rel @abhishek Just visited to doctor, He gave me one big injection  &amp; some tables.
Can see I forgot to take my camera!  Just as well I can find photos on the web!
I can say this... Tesco car insurance people are super friendly and helpful! Just need to sort out a ride home now 
@adiktusnine Awww! Really?  Just make it as fun as possible okay!
3 weeks ago client said: Just make mockups - Now client says: Oh, make it in vector btw! - Now I have to redo everything and I'm very sad 
Working on feedback on IGeLU/ELUNA Enhancement Request system functional specs, on my day off  Just for a short while though
@jaxb1978 very true Jax! Just been on TKT, I see everyone's given up hope about CJ now 
@brendandawes I saw your post the other day on that search  too bad. Just saw your post of Iteration, it's starting to look good.
@mojosmobile Just had my 5800XM reset itself 4 the 1st time ever! Installed new Twiitix v1.1 and was testing it out  #mojosmobile #twittix
Morning my tweets. Just got to Dodo, bummer. Its going to be  super sunny fantastic day, that I will only get to look at from my jail cel 
@Gtritschler FAIL! I knoow! Just wait til like july it'll be 35348597 times worse 
Shortlisted for cancer research internship. Fingers crossed! Just saw a man weeing on the street 
GRRR Just been informed i have to goto Birmingham tomorrow to work on a car 
Went out and rode the Eagleman course yesterday....was windy and hot! Just like usual then 
finished lots of personal housekeeping this morning at the office. Ahhhh. Just about time for bills. 
@faultlines @ledgelife Thank youu! I hope soo, hopefully I don't fail anything this sem  it's been SO ROUGH. Just ask @sergeantkero.
It was andrewlamb.com they want $500+ for. Just clearing that up before I get hassled. Again. Andylamb.com redirects to wantabet.com. 
Hello everyone how u all doing ? Just a qucik tweet got company coming sadly not Bspears doll!  !!! X x
Wow! Just heard about the AirFrance plane that disappeared from the radars early this morning. Sad story! 
@ekk123 I'm good. Just don't like bad news right when I wake up. AirFrance 447 
How come No1 Replies? I have waited All Day Just For 1 Repli 
Blackened chicken burrito w/ rice and beans and guac and sour cream. Just ate waaaay too much food for lunch 
@Gexy_ Erm... Just this ! I am stuch on one of he questions in the homework -- it's really hard i don't know how to do it ! 
Okay that wasn't so bad! Just had to trim the yard! On my way to the vdub dealer out Waldorf! 
@trokies76 @pocket_poptart  Thanks guys - shaggy OK. Just didn't realise how much has gone with no cut  Was trying to grow those bits too!
@KeilaBee1 I want to start over. Just don't think that I am going to b doing heavy exer.  Mod walking,reading, A LOT of rest.
Nah, Really got bored... Just sitting and watching Star Cricket Channel... 
Soooooo tired! Just heading home from work...still haven't packed 
We had a mouse in our house!  Ugh Just what I needed. I had to clean ALL over again! 
Want to buy tomorrow: Sims 3, He's Just Not That Into You and Fanboys. There goes 80$ 
 I need me a pick-me-uppp. Just wasted almost 4 hours on a dumb page that didn't even end up working at all. ugh. Story of my life lately.
@Slip_n_Slide lol haha...ahh the pout. Im good. Just pissed the people wont leave them alone 
@RetroRewind Just saw the list! WOW!! Shes got some amazing things! Wish I could help out  Will pass it along!
Ahhh... Just worked out. Feels good. Thinking about going to six flags with the seester tomorrow. I'm scared 
Arrrgh. Just can't win @EventBox doesn't have a conversations in HUD, @Tweetie doesn't have remote delete. 
@thuhtha No... not that lucky  Just a birthday treat by an ADK gal... It was a blast... 
@Schizophreud TD is the only one. Just restarted it and all is well again. Have to restart Firefox once or twice a week, but TD is daily. 
Argh. Just realised I need to leave in 2 hours.  I am so not fully prepared for this exam 
@danr69 Where's my invitation? Oh, wait, I'm in Katoomba. Just as chilly here at 6.2. And I don't drink any more 
Damn. Just tried Cmd-R to reply in Gmail. That makes the browser reload the page 
@dixielarue omg no. Just get better. Let me know when you make it home &amp; get some damn rest. Are you ok? Jeeze that is terrible 
@ThomasCrampton Just saw this   - &quot;China shuts down twitter in lead-up to tiananmen anniversary&quot; http://bit.ly/URxlN
Strand News is facing a crisis. Just had an email from them saying  they &quot;will be very unlikely to see out this dreadful year&quot; 
@weightfor160 it will happen!!!! Just keep doing what you have been doing!!! Good luck !!! Still looking for a gym  http://myloc.me/2m36
I have nothing to read  Just finished Weisberger's latest.
Up at 8 am to walk my puppies. Just recieved my to do list from the fam. Hello I'm an adult officially 
@gallantm lol yeah, maybe factor 1000! Gah! Just wish the stingyness would go out of it!  Sleep time is a NIGHTMARE lol
Hello everyone!! Just had dancing! earlier went shopping half 6 rushed to McDonalds got a meal had to eat it in 20 minutes had a stitch 
It cut off in 'More Than Just A Werewolf' too (and I love that song...) *cries* MySpace hates me! 
@jennmbk No relation to Chris. Just a sad, sad tragedy, she was a fan, a mother and 2 boys killed by the husband 
I planned to do a 30 minute nap but I ended up sleeping for an hour. Hm. Less homework time. 
Wants to curl up, cry, and sleep.. Just found stuff out.. not the best news for me at this time..  .. but a SMALL part of me is ok with it
SO SAD! Just found out I might not be able to go to @ddlovato 's concert on 6/29!! ...  I think I'm gonna go cry now...
ARGH! Just found out I miss out on salsa this week! It's my birthday people! I guess I can't dance if I want to though 
Wow, Just all of sudden I feel like shit. Earache, Sore throat &amp; Cramps....... What's next?!?!? 
I am SO going to buy Sims 3.  Just not right now. 
@Blob__ Just checked, I didn't get it... this happened to me once as well! 
. @karlyross Jeez, what's going on over there?! Just reading WSB &amp; now you're confirming. The crazies are taking over our town. 
@YulVazquez I am feeling neglected  Just cuz I am on vacation you stop stalking and  commenting?!!? LAME!!!
First week back to work after a week off is HELL! I'm so knackered  Just waiting for the weekend now tbf!
Morning Tweeps. Just woke up but want to go back to bed as still so tired 
@Sayamelon Just read about your sis! Oh my god.  I'm really glad she's fine.
Whaa. Just woke up and put glasses on and they feel really oddly heavy on my schnoss 
2 days until the Civic... Just checked my account... I have no money 
DVD drive just packed up. Just before I was going to back up 
@bkGirlFriday Wow.  Just did a Googs search.  That is #crazytown and sad.  Eek. 
@LizUK Just found it on Amazon - no image  - but am sure it's scrummy.  Indulge yourself.
R U the parent of a child in Australia? Just attendend the launch of this must check-it-out, mine R 2 old  now www.bankingonyouth.com.au
R U the parent of a child in Australia? Just attendend the launch of this must check-it-out, mine R 2 old now  www.bankingonyouth.com.au
@Esper_ Just had chemistry exam this morning... dont really want to go back into York... sorry 
@KatanaAbbott I'll control my language for your sake. Pens got one,  @#$&amp;!!! Wings let 'em. Just didn't want 'em to cry in their Wheaties.
Hadley slept through the night! Just wish I could do the same 
@dinug Nope  Just talking about Idol tour
Just missed the boat. Literally.  http://yfrog.com/0u7y6sj
what happened to the blues? was there any biffo? could not watch it here in Boston! Just saw the score!  must have been played in QLD! ??
@tommcfly Hey Tom. This is my 200th tweet for you.. and i never got one back.  I'm about to give up... Haha. Just one shoutout!
@alisaagozzino I just noticed your APA link and could cry...Just when I thought I had it semi figured out! 
@tommcfly It really makes me sad everytime other fans get replies from you while I don't. I really love McFly.  Just one shoutout!! (
Ahhhh...Just came home from a long school day.No chance to tweet till yet.School = less time to tweet 
@Canucklehead_ca Aw Mate!!  Just saw this.  Really sorry.  Really...  
Feel like in the poker game of life I've flopped a set and life has caught runner-runner flush. Sigh. Just don't understand 
@theadb Damn you. Just read your profile to see if I wanted to return follow and now I want chicken fingers. 
Would love to use #RubyMine, but for a startup the price for a license is too high. Just missed the beta discount... 
@xoALEXA Just saw you mentioned @chopt! That was my favorite salad place when I lived in nyc, too! Tried to recreate at home - didnt work 
@ChickswKnives excellent. Isn't that funny to you? - my calling you that?,,,Just me then, sorry 
Fuck. Just realized i am currently washing my nice in-ear iPhone headset, along with the last set of laundry before WWDC 
Doh! Just stood in a queue at the post office for 40 mins to post parcel only 2b told they can't work out the address from the postcode 
*Sigh* Just talked to my guy. He's doing the step back and clear my head about the script. Means last draft sucked and he's lost interest 
writing gui code... in wxruby (bye shoes), man I miss Interface Builder. Just wanna hookup some code to select a file and output results. 
. @herbadmother Just read your mom's blog re: same. I want to reach thru the wires and just hug the hell out of ALL of ya, esp your sis. 
Okay, So weekend's back.. but any different from last one... Just one.. More Busy n' More Boring.. 
Hello All! Just got back from the gym! AMAZINGLY BEAUTIFUL outside today! But unfortunately I'm headed to work. 
@MikehGotBalls eff u, I'm so pale   Oh the poll? Just to know if I could beat him :3
@rikerjoe How can one be a Longhorn AND a rocket scientist? Mutually exclusive? Just kidding, I'm a LH...but hardly a rocket scientist. 
I decided 2 opt out of the drive thru &amp; now i 'm in a long a** line. Just tryin to have some Wendy's in my life. 
@brandonbeemer Hi Brandon, Just wanted to say I was so sorry to see you leave &quot;Days&quot; which has only recently happened here in Australia 
OMG! Just won tickets to Pearl and the Puppets!  but need  to try and get  another free ticket for my other friend... 
:OO Just found the c-u-t-e-s-t pair of stelletos, but they dun go wif the dress 
Sigh. Think my 360 might RROD soon. Just turned it on and left it in Dashboard for a few mins and it crashed with distrorted images 
Made it! Just dropped off Jalen, now I gotta turn around and do another 2 hours back. Ugggg, shoot me! 
@RobertHay  that's no good. I'm well also thanks Rob. Just been sorting a few things out. How's your nephew?
Payday yay! Just paid my insurance &amp; card boo  .. anyone down to kick it? hit me up boooskies! DDD
@Chief_Deuce Thank you love. I'm struggling. Just cried @ church.  I wanna tell you what happened
&quot;But there are moments when you can't deny what's true, Just an ordinary day like when I met you&quot; 08-26-08 ...Damn I miss you BOYS!! 
@LStacey Doing great. Just putting off sleep because I have to work in the morning. bummer 
@courgamm i'm going to try my best! Just because he mentioned it to me&amp;I didn't wanna say no   How can I tell Mitchel no!?!
Yawn!! Just woke up from a horrible nights sleep. I kept waking up all night 
It's persisting it down. Just leaving macclesfield and regretting packing my stuff in a canvas bag. Oh dear. 
Fuck! This day is not going my way. Just spilled a LOT of water over the floor 
Feeling sad about leaving people at UF. Just a handful of people but they are so special. 
@TxOxOxTxS Rain right now? We dont have. Just dull :| Where are you anyways? LOL! Last weekend 4 me 2, in ze bar then club 
Surfing net for studio furniture, its expensive  Just want something to hold a midi keyboard &amp; couple of monitors- not a HUGE mixing desk
CraigsList is a cesspool of bad dog owners. Ive heard every excuse for why they are abandoning their pet. Just say you dont want the dog. 
@sanjoyp I left the iphone in the car at Glentress so didn't map. Just as well - went over the handlebars in comedy (&amp; sore) fashion 
@Gamer_Grub Just wanted to let you guys know I tried it at #E3. Good stuff. Just wish I had a retailer closer to my side of town. 
@MelFresh27 Ur are the best yo. She &amp; I also share 1 male tweetmat. She likes him I think. He' never on her #ff. Just me. Competition!! 
Speedy seems to be down. Just when I want to upload my pix fr tonight 
@ZRHERO Just had tea and tht was a bad  pickie lol i misspellt Bad as big lol wuu2 im bored 
@DavidArchie Just heard the news about Alex and tour....so sad, but I totally understand his need to be with family. We will def miss him 
@Hatz94 Just order it lol. That's alot easier. I've never cooked, it's hard. Um.. yeah, im a loser 
@Tsaksonakis Just bemoaning how pricey it is to go &amp; watch. Son &amp; I gutted but will watch on telly 
@MrsBeckie actually i really don't, but I like Davina! Just trying to get a star to talk to me 
Wall dive at Blue Bay. Freaking amazing. This is what you see in videos. No SCUBA photos.    Just couldn't get the damn thing to work.
is not bad. not bad at all. Just watched SATC movie and i'm painfully jealous of their amazing clothes/shoes/bags 
Ahhhh. Just updated my picture. Why isn't it showing? 
@RealBillBailey Just watched Tinselworm on 4 Shame that they cut bits out 
Hey! Where the heck's Vin today? Just realized...     @DodgersNation
Hey! Where the heck's Vin today? Just realized  @DodgersNation
1st time not carded. Restaurant policy is carding people who look 30 or under. She thinks I'm old   Just get me my drink ...
I'm SHOCKED by today's rain! Le what is going on! I could hardly drive earlier! Just walked home and it's horrid. 
@MissJia Hey!  Just thought I'd speak.  Haven't in a while.  Hate I'm going to miss you in blogtv tonight!  
2-0 Detroit...I can't do this, I'm gonna take a break...I'm sick  Just fucking score!!
@BarbieStash that's it! We got a hit ladies &amp; gentle! Just throw some auto tune on that &amp; it's a wrap! Oh wait... Jay said its dead?  lol
Pens- Remember when people used to ask you to be in the Pen 15 club and would right PenIs on your hand. No? Just me? oh. 
Ow. Just accidentally sat on my ankle and it hurts. 
Feeling the pain  ... Just won a sweet Bosch cordless drill makes up for it. #golf
@elisabeth1280 I think I would literally cry if I lost my Curve!  Just thinking of losing it makes me tear up.  
THIS close to ice cream. They were already closed though.  Just got home...no one's here. Huh.
@Erikastar not much.. Not much at all! Just DYING that's about it! . . .     
home from movies and dinner. have to quit eating at Marie Calenders. Just makes me sick. 
SNL Just Isn't What It Used To Be 
@Herbguy I am still in WA.  Just cannot make it your way right now.  
By @leodesousa Feeling the pain  ... Just won a sweet Bosch cordless drill makes up for it. #golf
[-O] Just got up wish the rain would stop but it don't look good want to go for a Harley ride  http://tinyurl.com/mojeol
Hello again, Internet! Just back from dropping the lovely @melodicworld off at the airport after a fantastic week with her. Work tomo' 
BUGGER!!  Just found out I won a $25 voucher for the Fox Hotel that I was meant to pick up today... now it's too late! FAIL   #fb
so sad to leave Squam. Just had to say goodbye to @betzwhite ...   so sad to see everyone go!
Last day at the beach, Robbie prob. wants to kill me cause I've woke up this early, but I'm gonna milk it for all its worth. Just hours. 
@GLMotorSports  That Cherokee 6 is going to be so sweeeet!  Just in time for the club to decide to sell it.  
@Bookwhisperer37 Afraid not. Just another part of the internet  x
ARGH MAN! Just come dwon for a quiet revision sesh by myself, and then guess who comes down, @moveeefan and turns on the telly, thanks! 
Fuck my lyfe... Just fell down these wooden stairs and stubbed two of my little sausages and scraped my back 
@RoushTVGuideMag Just too bad for those of us who bought all of the DVD sets when they first came out and thus won't get the cool extras 
Sighs. Just looked on my Exs Facebook to try and find his new number. not a good idea at all, now feel like shit 
Awesome weekend! Just wish there was more dancing involved.. need more dancing friends 
@Amalari Just got another Britney back myself, so whatever cleared them wasn't permanent 
.... Uhhm , Ok ? I Don't Think I'll Survive Without My Cell Phone For 2 Weeks - Just For A C . 
I'm going to FAIL Luther. Just went through my notes and know nothing. Arghh 
Ew. Just had to make myself throw up four times.... This is why I hate drinking!  I'm so tired but too nauseous to go back to sleep!
@OliviaWilder O, my dear, ty so much 4 that. Always rt on time. Just mom &amp; I again. Niece couldn't tke it, i guess.  I needed tht shtout!
Dont want to sleep but work on axelwinter.com with drupal. ... Just have an early morning  so no choice
I would give it all/Never let you fall/Cause you know we're inseparable/I would give it all/Just to show you I'm in love 
Hmm... Just realised. I'm smart, yet not at all popular. I'm definitely at one end of the popularity scale. Sad Smiley 
@miss__nikki been great!!! Sunburn hurts bad  Just chillaxin with the Princess...getting her packed up for 1st day of camp!
I called McDelivery.  After my jog. Hahahaha. (((
Pulled all the tendons for my toes. Just got x-rays. Have an ace wrap on my foot now. 
Yep, definitely sick. Just threw up my &quot;morning&quot; coffee 
Dude, I'm so bummed. Just found one of my fave &quot;hole in the wall&quot; restaurants has closed.  RIP Hard Times Cafe.
GGRRRR!!  Just trashed my phone. All music, contacts &amp; calendar GONE. 
Bled profusely in nasty malibu water until finally surrendering to gash on foot. Just caught a few.  hoping the Lakers make my day better!
@EstelleDarlings Me !  I get ADD when it comes to BasketBall   Just can't focus 2 much going on LOL
@defyingravity16 So sorry ... Just saw your message. Phone issues this weekend so I haven't been checking in. Tonys were tonight. 
The jury is out on He's Just Not That Into You... Makes girls look completely clueless and frankly stupid when it comes to dating 
@Shaun_R Aw too bad  Just makes you want to win #squarespace even more!
Oh. Freaking duh. Just subtract 18 from 39. Jesus, and I'm signed up to take AP Algebra 2. I'm going to fail. 
Cut. Just realised i left my wii remotes in newcastle at the parents house. Now ill have to buy a new one tomorrow to play on my wii fit 
@nnorafiza @Phee78 Just read your tweets about the Oz tour.  I don't know what to say other than *hugs*  
MM is doing a song with Lady Gaga? Just lost a little respect for my favorite goth rock god 
@Superlambanana  Just had a Banana for brekkie !! It was slightly bent 
Bloody hell! Just accidentally paid my full Etsy bill instead of what's due by today. I feel very stupid now and also very poor! 
@lynchland ... But I bet you'd rather not be reminded of that. Sorry. Just empathising cause I've recently been through similar. 
@amandapalmer Awesome show last night! Really like the new song you played at the end. Just went through something similar  much &lt;3 4u
FREAK ! Just now Habbo Close for Maintenance at 12 pm 
Bah. Just ran out of things to do 
@billraycyrus so sad to read in the NYPost no more HM show   Just started watching w/ my 4yo daughter. We need more family tv!!
Im lying alone.. Wit my head on e phone.. Thinking of u till it hurts. Down wit a fever! Just my luck.  - http://tweet.sg
@sweetlilmzmia Jared's awesome too! I haven't really watched Supernatural, though. Just a few episodes  goooodnight/morning!
@mileysource LOL,No Just kidding.But I want a Tweet from Ashley 
@essexgourmet You must have sent some to Spain too, very humid and very loud outside! Just waiting for the net connection to go now 
On my way to norfolk to spend some time with brian in freakin ICU. Phone will be off. Just keep him in your thoughts. 
@SarcasticFairy awh, you dote! Yah.. Just looking at the book is terrifying 
Oh no! Just realised, no uni = no MacBook. Not happy 
Im Well Bored  Just Sat Eyaa With Chris And His Mates!!!! xxxx
@ashleyobvs He made that up. I was there 5mins before him lurking &amp; they never said that. I don't HATE you. Just disappointed in you. 
Mom is doing well in the hospital after emergency surgery but will prob be there for a week. Just wish I could be there. 
@RoyRoyce84 yucky!!! For whatevv reason I can't eat 5 Guys anymore. Just makes me gag!!! 
Argh. Just thought &amp;stephenfry had commented my video for a moment - turns out it was just a dedication channel - let down 
Argh. Just thought @stephenfry had commented my video for a moment, turns out it was a dedication channel - what a let down 
@violetspike Don't cry!  Just run away to Atlanta for Labor Day weekend! 
I guess we're sitting in a tornado and severe T-storm warning....Hooray  Just when I was gonna go outside &amp; take a work break
@mooiedance Nothing that a meet up with Jack and I can't make better... Just say when and where. xx or are you ignoring me? 
I wanna be in holidaaaays! I hate my school .. Ohhh  I wanna go in your city, @TianaL! Just if you want, of course .. Do youu want? LoveYa
Getting ready to swim. Just washed my hair yesterday. UGH! Hate I'm no longer natural. 
@DonnieWahlberg-Thanks for your blog Donnie. Just woke up up &amp; still really  Tix to 5 Aussie shows now = an empty August 
Having a crazy day... Ugh. Just got home after wk..bs meetings all day..now football practice till 8pm. Haven't even had lunch 
http://bit.ly/z4Waf  #etsy Just listed an owl pillow and an American flag pillow- I miss the states 
seriously hates our NOISY neighbor    Ad: Just read this report on teeth whitening http://bit.ly/pXTAR
@jrkgirlnla @paomiami - Thanks guys - u are all awesome! Seriously. I know they'll do SOMETHING 4 us.. Just sad right now 
@MeganZaffini Just got off work &amp; still in Hamilton.   Let's plan a date
@afro88 I hope so dude. Just finished the exam. Crash and burn baby...Really axed that I might not be able to make it out to LoF launch 
done with dinner... love catching up with T.  Just sent a text to an old friend and it is no longer their number... Sadness.  
&quot;Just a small town girl, Living in a lonely world, She took the midnight train going anywhere...&quot; Just around the house. Bored. As usual. 
Proud to be an American. Just used the last dollar in my bank account 
@Ryan_ADT Yea totally~ Just can't make it tonight  Guess battery operated is the way this evening is gonna go....
So disappointed! Just found out that my Ballys is closing in 2 weeks!  I'm truly really sad..
@wilw Portland, OR?  Just make sure not to go to a bank or sit in your car alone, or some dumbass may take unwanted advantage of you 
So strange consuming internet content when it's not social.Dead end.Just heard good song,wanted more.But it was orphan song  end of road.
LIVE Just got shut down!!!    Atleast they let me play for a few more minutes and didn't do it right at 12:01 haha.  Now what to do.....
@a_glance_behind  Bahahahahaha yaya !! Just got your text : Sorry about your night last night  Mygen's on tonight !! Haha you gonna watch?
I Just Don't Know. It's All Just To Hard 
@DLGuard Just as I go to get the latest version for the AWeber feature, I see my year is up!... Argh, and I don't have $67 spare sadly! 
I am disappointed. Just got back from Tim Hortons, and the coffee is not top notch today 
@nell_xo - I'm revising my socks off I'm afraid  Just having an hours break haha. Sorry  I think Nash has an exam this afternoon too :S
@Motaku1978 I'm sorry.    -(Uninstall it. Muwahahaha! Just kidding.)
Cloudy day in Charlotte. Just brings me down  I need to just keep busy with work and hope the sun will shine for this evenings run!
@DuncanMacGregor  Yes   Just a grotty cold with fever .
deadline stress, emails and missing Niyazi  Also my left eye really hurts from sitting at the PC. Just feel a bit bummed, nothing major.
@RamsesJa ummm OF COURSE!!! Just don't have much of a voice  big fan of poetry. You?
Lovin' her Lululemon shorts...maybe I should start going to the gym??? Just wish I had someone to go with. 
Bargaining with users from Craigslist. Just hope I don't get murdered. 
@SongzYuuup   Just received some bad news. Im sad. I ll check u out later. Bye
@Kerri_with_a_K    Just re-pinged iTunes to update it.
@angryjedi I only managed to get Just Cause to work (not tried anything else) its slow.. but then I only have a CoreDuo 1.8GHz 
@Plasticland Just got my order! Cute but color seems a bit off and it's pretty tight. 
Wow. Just saw a profile pic of a friend I haven't seen in a year and OMG he's in bad shape. Obviously fell off the wagon. 
@blasphy You will be so disappointed.  Just sayin'.  Biggest letdown of a book ever 
#day in sun I meant. Cool breeze was very deceptive. Damn. I hate being fair-skinned  I don't even tan. Just burn and freckle 
God I'm sick of people saying I &quot;look ill&quot; or &quot;too skinny&quot; or &quot;borderline anorexic&quot;. Jeez! Just because everyone's used to seeing me fat. 
Spent a ridiculous amount of money at Victoria's Secret. Just discovered one pair of underwear is too small. 
@Mucho_Maas Just download the Skype application! That does suck though 
94 unread emails.. Most of them facebook. Sorry if there's stuff in there I should have actioned by now. Just haven't had the chance 
My Nikon D40's 18-55mm kit lens has stopped autofocusing 4 months after the warrenty expired.  Just my luck. 
@ROGAHILTON Yeah...me either.  Just keep looking, I guess. In the meantime, you could do favors for family and friends, or neighbhors. :]
@Ozmumsonline Just posted two comments on the kindy tests article, but none have appeared.   SW
@hottnicks64 Damn I guess not  Or u not getting mine. But to be continued. Just hold that thought jus in case
Oooh, bummer! Just realised I missed my 300th update  Ahhh well... night
Guten Morgan!!! Gosh!! Just slept only 4 n half hour..  head to hospital deliver the breakfast...
 Im Just Plain Pathetic 
Sore throat.  Just the cherry on top of this awful, shitfilled day. /emo. lol.
So bummed. Just tried buying the new JB album on iTunes and it won't let me 
Plan changed. Just got an urgent meeting. 
Noooo! Just accidentally deleted half of my beach pictures from my phone 
Ahhhh. Just Dance by Lady Gaga really needs to stop coming up on my favorite radio station. It's ruining it 
@Teanah The original? Just try getting through the first area of the second game. Tar monsters suck. 
Mornin All!!! Just Woke woo rainin tho 
@johnhalton Yeah, wish I had said that, or similar. Just astonished that grown adults so openly hateful towards a 4-year-old. 
Score! Just found a vending machine with free money in it! Couldnt get my drink tho 
How did you go home sober lol? Just ended up in Cockpit, was pretty good! Just at work dying now though, haha!  x
Member when I was &quot;the spider slayer&quot; well forget it lost my touch!! Just let a daddy long leg get away! 
Argh. Just realised new Tweetdeck release doesn't minimise to tray anymore. Bah. 
Wen't hiking at Runyon Canyon today. Pretty cool. Awesome view. Just wish I'd had a camera with me.  Maybe next time.
Went hiking at Runyon Canyon today. Pretty cool. Awesome view. Just wish I'd had a camera with me.  Maybe next time.
@pezholio Yeah, I can't actually stand Pendulum. Just seen Knowledge mag are no more too 
I am now going to have nightmares for the rest of my life. Just watched The Descent, it ruined my life 
@odin88 Nope! Just outside 
@BuildsBlog Just found out it's currently not available though  Follow @Mobigame for updates
@electric__eel IS THAT AN INSULT?  :O ) Just because I didn't know what bipolar meant. :| :| :| ) HAHA!
@MarleeMatlin did I read AP right? Just talking benefits to fed Employees? Definitely a small step 
Bloody delays! I missed the Soccer game.   Just arrived at home and it's already half-time.
@James_Fox ARRGGHHHH..Just googled it only to be presented by a red screen of death saying our corporate proxy has barred it! grrr 
@poppythecat Yeah I heard. Just didnt think a forum member would be one of them 
I'm so c-c-c-c-cold!!Just got up &amp; out of bed and this house is freezing!  I wanna go back 2 bed, but can't cuz of my allergies.  Grrr!
@seany_G Lucky you. Just lost 30 minutes due to my computer crashing, I really didn't need that 
KO: Just finished my penultimate shooting day, said au revoir 2 those I won't see 2mororrow  #hamlet
@daisybutton @KevinsPlectrum @bex_1210 Just looked on FFE, and the Paris date IS november 26th! 
In Judges Chambers chillin.. Just like the old days  bout to go out and watch her lock ppl up.. Exciting
A beautifull evening here in Holland... Just wish i'd be able to get to sleep tonight. It is so light outside I blame the equator!! 
Omg. Just got up. What a fun night. my head is pounding. 
@kateyy__ ahh i see  &lt;3 Just think, mcfly soon waheyy ;) hahaha danny getting all hot and sweaty LMFAO niceeee ;) xx
had bfast on santa monica and saw the cutest Puggle...made me miss Kenzie  Just preppin for these events tonight @ AREA !! xoxo
http://twitpic.com/7nmc1 - Cyoooooootest avi evah! Prize in the Cioccolata hunt. Just a shame I can't have blue hair 
Chillin with cissy. Just went shopping -AGAIN. Bye bye money 
@reverendkate thanks Kate. Just woke up from a long nap. ;) still sore throat 
Juast had dinner...Lovely night to watch Finding Nemo, Just wish I had that movie 
@Simlish oh yea, Societies was a big disappointment from EA  I Just Hop CitiesXL is better (i've actually been watching the website [...]
@himynameismike Just about to Tweet the same thing. That's the first thing I tried to do 
Great. Just came back to work to find out that i made a VERY big boo boo in my reports. 
@ByblosConn Just the same as the Phillies. Loss  AGH!
@MsMorticia1  HEY!!!  Just no internet   Using my moms old phone (need I say more, LOL!!!)
U Just Noticed...I dont really know how this got started and i dont know whos gonna end it......  ilu B...
Graveyard shift tonight for C &amp; C. Just shoot me; A long night awaits me 
hurray, it's over.  Just in time for bed.  No Gilmore Girls season 7 for me 
@JustJayde Nup!   Just checked and couldn't find 'em. Oh wellllll.
@JennyLou31 Awww...    Just being there has to help.  Ready to listen and a shoulder to cry on.  Prayers for you both.
OMG..... Just realized I'm only here for another 2 days  are ppl still going hosteling? Or have you already gone? X
My column made me hungry   Just ran out of my Kashi bars too.  Pout.
Heading to London tomorrow and back home on friday. Just the sound of it makes me tired. Damn why can't i stay the whole weekend 
@SapphyNo1 Just woke-up and couldn't get back to sleep  Well I hope you have a good trip down hon, good luck and enjoy  x
@robfetti http://twitpic.com/7otnb - Nuvo! Just cuz I never had it yet 
@SunnyJRo @trickygin I see it in my inbox but I have to get ready for work!  I'll read it when I get in! *Grin* Just don't tell the boss.
OW!  Just twanged myself in the face with a bit of Stretch Magic!! 
Back in Jakarta, hell yeah! In an unrelated note, how does 'He's Just Not That Into You' end? I didn't finish watching it in the flight. 
Exhausted. Back in Blandford. It's been an insane week. Sorry to those who wanted to meet both in Bath and Glasgow. Just didn't happen 
@aianna21 Yes, I'm meeting a friend in town later. Just for a couple of hours but still. I'm going to miss EVERYTHING today 
@ILoveGirlsAloud  Oh well! Just hope you get another day or can find someone to swap now then!
Ruh oh .. Just followed an advert to http://tribalwars.net and they've made some updates... there goes my afternoon 
@sammi_jade Ohh sonds fam luv! I'm sooo borde, Just sittin at home watchin telly - my best mate is out of town right now  what u get then?
@Patti0713 Just checked the NYC weather, looks like rain for at least the next 4 days  Perhaps it's time for you to take a trip elsewhere.
ARGH. Just realized I left the sharpies at home 
@Eisengel Just thinking about you, too - I was hoping you had finally gotten well. Sorry you're sick again 
Peeved...Just found out the place I want to eat tonight will not be open yet 
@Jackpellen Nah..Just check my cd..it aint on it!  Hows u? x
@LilEssy Just did. (: Sucks you cant get in anymore, all fun people are gone 
@jezebelcapture Hahaha. no TwitShits here. Just reacting to the White Sox loss. 
OMG I'm fucking tired. Just got home 
@Juliaaa52 T'is ok! Oh no  That sucks! I hope you feel loads better! Just Jonas-fy everything! Good times ;)
Great. Now, I have a headache. Just took 2 tablets of tylenol becuz that was all that was left.  I always take 3. Hopefully, it will help.
Waitin here at BC.. Just ran into an acquaintance. Forgot her name  all i know is she homewrecked her current bf. Lol shes nice though!
Got a B in my skills class.  Very disappointed. Just means i need to seriously focus next quarter. Less zealotry more knife skills.
Sorry. I'm just playing with my iPhone. I still want the new one. Just the update doesn't make me happy! 
@geckobrothers I think Hunt joined the cast, but not as her replacement. Just doesn't make sense 
Sigh... Just when i thought i saw the light at the end of the tunnel.... 
I havent updated in over 2 weeks. wow. sorry  Just having 2 much fun w. summer. It's wayyyyyyyyy better than school. Goin 2 forks, WA :o)
Disaster. Hopefully last one of the night. Just get me there safe! 
Nooooo! Just got vegemite on my new book 
I'm laying in bed.. Just thinking about stuff. Wishing i could text stetson. But his texting shut off 
@Dangerbrat Just read your LJ. Ya, no fun for you. 
Thank you to all who follows me!! Lol! Just got off the boat,,,, Sunburnt 
Oh no! Just noticed the bracelet my daughter bought me is no longer on my wrist. I feel awful now.Searching everywhere but no luck so far 
@DDUBzLveableLeo @gold1989 Just did news search and saw!  Good for him!  HIs brother could have had one too if he &amp; mgmt had cooperated. 
@Tamm Just seen about your hubby  Wishing him all the best and a speedy recovery *hugs*
@SharPhoe Whoops NVM.  Just saw that update: I found the same thread. Wound up reporting quite a few people  I hate to report users...
@69Pwned Just me for now 
@bobbyllew Mean! Just drove past &amp; all the roadsigns are up - so sad I'm not going 
I've had my LG Dare for 3 months &amp; drop it every day. Horrible! Just now the protective shell broke on impact with the bathroom floor 
@WAHMBizbuilder Yeah, kids w/cancer always make me emotional bc of my brother. Just found out a kid we knew frm his hospital is terminal. 
Ick. Just Ick.  I am so sick of this oncoming cold, and now I have to go to work.
Holy shit. It's online. I found it. I'm about to start pounding whiskey &amp; masturbating to celebrate. Just kidding. Whiskey makes me sick 
@Tw1sty Bahhhh! Just a tease! 
@rhemsworth Ok, understand. Good to have him on, though!  Just sad I can't listen in today! 
BLARGH!! Just read that DeRees Nursery is in trouble. I have been buying plants there for 23 years, so sad 
@ukmikeburke Those were done with an app called TypeDrawing - good fun, if a little crashy. Just lost my drawing of my Car 
My art GCSE is nearly done, Yayyyy !!!! Just got flaming evaluations to do 
Uh-oh.  Just been told a secret about more people being made redundant here next week.  Need to go work reallly hard.  
@Teedoll Just Told me To HUSH  im sad now, come wipe my tears, lOl
Ugh. Just found the nicest quilted members only jacket but its HUGE. 
CRAP! Just found out I DON'T have a cable outlet where I thought I did.  
http://bit.ly/17wcK4  Holy crap!!!! Just look at her closet!! Extreme jealousy!!! 
Wow! Just received a SPAM SMS. Fwd from number I don't know. Looks like viagra email or something. Somebody shoot them. 
@TheEllenShow has 2,026,318 Followers , I have Just 27 
@Mum_of_Six oh no! Just a quivering bottom lip not talking much sort of one 
@terrencetyson ugh! I'm soooo late! Just heard bout it on the radio! Yes! Yes! I'll be there  tho I'll probably b by myself 
@foxxxycleopatra Yep. Just not the same without my girl though.  She okay?
its 6.34 am here in Sydney, Just about to hit the bed....hoping someone special calls me in the morning...someone i miss very much 
@PlanetIrldotcom Just a heads up if you were planning on DVR'ing practice and qualifying,no televised coverage race is on ABC 
@Flo5 Just study for the weekend. Getting pissed tonight was tonight 
WTF?!?! Flight delayed and hour and a half!!! Ugggggg. Just want to get home...  
@Gabriela72 Just finished crazy period and trying to rest from running around! And now, when I got time, it rains all time  Ironic, huh?
@wondrous_as_u I had just dropped my boys off at their gramma's. But Buddy&amp;Roo were w/me &amp;went flying  They're OK tho. Just scared.
@JonasLover_01 Aw  It's okay.. Just wait till they come to Oz and watch what'll happen when they see me and you. ;) Hehehe
First friday night in my new place &amp; what am i doing? Nothing. Just not feeling very socialable tonight, i guess... 
Damn. Just folded the best hand 
Michael: Just got back from soccer. 1-1 tie because my forwards are crap   FYI: I'm the goalie
@theeEmCee What up! Just trying to hit everyone back up b4 i log off 4 the night. Hubby leaves tomorrow for his deployment!  How R U?
@1938media My bad. I have no idea what being in Alpha means.   Just seems like a neat tool.
5 days!!!!! WORLD TOUR 2009!!!!!  Just got home and I'm already ready for bed! haha Early morning tomorrow 
@TimCooperUK Also Cv Derby station but getting 8.36 not next one. Just burnt tongue on coffee  #localgovcamp
Hey Twitter! Just woke up. Not as good as it sounds, gotta take the dog to the vets.  expect a lot me random Tweets while i'm waiting.
Is it true that you can't specify the weight of a border in Excel? Just have to use the styles? If you can, I can't figure it out 
is not happy. Nope... not happy at all. Just want to scream at top of my lungs. And cry. 
Oh dear. Just bought a bag from River Island. Don't like it and want my money back 
@Vixster25 No problem Wifey...  Just wish I was with you.  Damn my lack of money!! @30SECOONDSTOMARS
@jen1026 you know you'd do the same! You're gonna see them next week though! Fyi - I'm not going to muskegon after all. (Just milwaukee). 
@bedofbrownrice Yeah he was pretty hilarious. Just the way he talks cracks me up every time. [talked  ]
@Lozzy1998 NO! I didn't get one!  Just as well probably, I always feel awful all day after eating one.
@Dimonios Oh, sorry to hear that  Just continue to stay positive, I'm sure everything will be alright. Sending some good energy to you ;)
In Oslo. Just got connected to the wireless net. It`s actually raining here  But a lot of fun though
@deebzz  oh well. Bodi think it should be fine to drink the milk. Just as long as it doesn't smell.
On the cruise boat &amp; 2 nervous to eat. Just want 2 lay down in room already. Mad old people here 
Just got back from the gym now it's off to Costco.  Just a fun all around day 
@Sum41 Haha. Just don't set yourself on fire like I did. 
Night, world. It's already 3AM now. Just finished my studies. I don't know why i do so even after my exam had ended 
@hollyalyxfinch Yep! Just ate pizza too, i'm eating junk in general to be fair  I'll regret it later lol
@sTavasoli That video broke my heart. Just said on my head Please Lord take her with You to heaven...sorry! 
http://twitpic.com/7xgvv - SO what u see I'm ready for the party!! &amp; at the same time...I'm sad  Why?? Just ONE word-&gt; ANTHONY!! :'(
@JeffBishop Yeah. Just a tad disappointing but @karenshandrow is making a bigger deal out of it... 
OOC: Just watched &quot;Course: Oblivion&quot; on Youtube, now I'm depressed 
@borntobemaria I don't want to be BFFs. Just friends, because you &amp; me aren't as close as we used to be... 
Hated to un-friend @TheBuckNation, srsly. But Dude be spamming. No-fly. Just can't. Sorry. 
@LorenLA Just me, Quinto, a martini and a cute story about back scratching and steak... ;) Nothin of Coleman  I was too shocked that he
Wishes she was going to the MMVAs tomorrow!!  Just watch it on tv BUT Beat rocks the block is gonna be sweet this year!
@DerrenLitten Just opened a bottle of tequila...it's going to be a long night in DeeWis Towers 
Oh no. Just heard Tremi iss OFFICIAL!! I really hate Tremi 
saw The Proposal twice - last night and today - both with my mommy. It was very good. Just ate WAY too much at Macaroni Grill. ickk 
@no_zimmer She's had some fun with them, but embarking on the &quot;big&quot; stuff? No fun; and she's VERY patient. Just say no to Bendaroos. 
Work was a roller coaster. Ugh. Just heard my friends bunny was put down.  he's in a better place now. With lil guy and Herman &amp; the rats!
Yuuckk!!! Just got the flu... Now I have to take Tylenol. 
Bleh! Driver's Ed homework. &lt;-- So annoying! x[ It's actually rather easy? Just takes forever &amp; involves A LOT of reading.. lame! *pouts* 
Home invasions reported by CNN. Just seen it. 
I've been asleep.  Just realizing how serious the situation is over in Tehran 
@karharhar Thats so sad!!!  I used to be same way. Eventually it will change.. Just like it did for Hitch! Right?
We are dissappointed... There is no Carpet Exchange in Beaver Point... Just a Dominos... Ugh not even a sign...  sad times
Wondering if I should just let it go... Hmm.. Just when I need to talk to Bobba... 
Owwwwieee. Just hurt my hip so bad.  hahahaha rough. Waiting for a fat bruise.
Shayne Just called referred to mary as a van 
Go be supportive! Just read the Times articles on Iran. The magazine wz real short. 
Why is my phone such a piece? It always freezes and deletes Everything! Just wooorrkk!!! 
@dingram Oops, hit enter too soon... Yeah, we're OK. Just tired. Also the 2 hour timezone shift is confusing. 2am and I'm still up 
Fuck! Just had a nightmare/flashback....guess Im not sleeping tonight 
@ChantalMatar can't tel if smells - I'm sick  no pain. Started swelling tonight. Just mild. No pain - she eats etc.
.@Harkaway  LOL - Pitiful lack of milk means no smoothie  for me  but Just downed some carrot, apple &amp; ginger goodness
@kelz017 Meh  It's ok. Just sad if you don't ever finish it, cause it started out great.
DAMN!  Just sat down to work on my hot water bottle sweater and noticed a 14 stitch mistake!  and back I go 
OK, that was bad. Busy getting all my jailbroken goodies back yesterday, when WHAM - BRICKED. Just NOW able to restore to factory 3.0 
wet and naked!!! Just got out of the shower =P Freezing my ass off 
Im inlove with Him Too     I Just want to meet him ive got  A Magazineand there in it  I will show you tomorrow ..xx
Ok so what does YDI mean?? Just read it on fmylife.com and got confused 
I have the most perfect dress in my head but I can NEVER find it ANYWHERE. Just elements in many dresses  Wish I could draw WAAAAAAAAAH 
I'll get my license next week na! Yay! Just got home! Nakakapagod mag drive ng van ha! Someone give me a Lancer Ex. 
Feeling kind of ignored.. But I know I am not the end all be all.. Just a what's up would suffice.  http://myloc.me/52FT
@PerezHilton Just seen your blog and the incident i wish i'd been there to help you  Stand your ground and we'll stand by you
Watchin p2... Just saw a dog get stabbed to death. 
@morganpressel Damn, thanks for telling us, i thought this was live on tv   Just kidding..
@AnnetteDubow Just tried.   Wouldn't accept.
@BarefootBarlow Ha ha, nothin' too bad. Just disappointing. I got sick in the middle of my CPR class thing and ended up barfin 
Crap! Just realized i havn't written my blog yet for olive tree! 
Just got home from Covington. Just got finisd readin a book. Just thought about how have 2 read 3 summer assignment readings. SHIT~ 
They're hitting my pockets  Just came in for an oil change, now I need my power steering flushed :/ Never failsqqp
Is very sad. Just went with my mom to put her kitty to sleep. I'll miss you George. 
Grandma fell on floor. Just biked and picked her up. She's nor looking good. 
Well that's great. Just got to Boston (only 2h late) only to find out that I didn't pack my charger cable for the iPhone. 
Power to the people, or lack thereof. Literally 
@tbridge Cool you got on the news. Just wish that it was for happier news 
Wow! Clear shuts down. Just after everyone at work was handing out free passes: http://www.flyclear.com/ 
Afternoon twitterbugs! Just woke uo and i think i pulled a muscle on my arm. 
OWW. Just ripped off a toe nail 
Ouuchh! I Just Bit my tounge 
Transformers comes out Tomorrow.  Just got told i cant get outta work early.   Im Bummed!!!
@theweddinglens  oh yes. She is even still a bridesmaid. Just not MOH. I was very nice but that situation was just not working. 
@Mentazm Damn... I wish I'd seen this message an hour ago  Just had completely pointless trip there.
Come on Murray you can do this, it's seems such a struggle! Just like my excercise regime 
Ughh. Just got up about thirty minutes ago. I hate sleeping in. 
@Jenniewrenbird Just put a jumper on, I'm feeling chilly.  Lost my voice today and now waiting for a cold to start 
@charchaos  Yeah...and he's lived all over the world.  Just never been there.  I think it'd be too expensive 
@iHeartChezzy i wish i could  jus dont let @Just_Cal ruin yo ish. otherwise me and @ShadiFareed gonna have to pull out the rachet on him!
@Carus925  Just remember... karma...
@Axelsrose *nods* Just found out /why/ Master's handcuffed to a bed. Not m-ad, gl-ad. The difference is the latter makes me sick. 
Hand's gone bad!! Just punched me in the face 
@Hayley8343 Aw really  I'm not up to much really tbh. Just bored and messing on the internet lol
Gah! Just remember I have to go to work tomorrow  Woohoo!! It's my LAST day until September   ;-)
Bored, tired, and, lonely, but at least I get to Transformers later. Just not with who I want to. 
@amberrkinz But I wanna be stalked!  ;_;  Just once!  I make cool music videos.  Wanna see? ==&gt; http://www.youtube.com/JPSalamancaMusic
Does anyone use breadcrumbs for chicken? I used them tonight and yuk. Progresso's Italian. Just flavorless. 
Boo!! Just got to school n my phone only has one bar left 
Thanks girls. I'm trying to take care of me &amp; making a game plan for the next 2 weeks. Gosh! Just concerned about his sobriety 
Omg! Just found my phone under my couch lol no wonder I couldn't hear it lol I had 5 missed calls and lots of texts 
Nooooooooooo!  Just discovered I'm not around for the next Science Museum Lates!      #smlates
So upset! Just dropped Marvin off to have &quot;the op&quot;  my poor baby. Xxx
Err. Just saw cat devour a shrew/mouse complete with the sounds of it's bones crunching. Thanks Charlie &amp; you can clean up the blood! 
@Belinda_Bee Nooo it's well worth it if you liked the first one. Just DON'T sit near the front. Smoo had a headache &amp; motion sickness 
Eww. Just came over all lightheaded and sicky. Blurgh 
@FriendsofIsrael  Just watched http://blip.tv/file/2282774 and I am sitting here in tears   I cant imagine the anguish of #Gilad's parents
@spurofmoment That all sounds very familiar. Just what @o2 are offering here. Awful  #o2fail
is sad that she'll be missing this month's Daring Bakers challenge.  Just not enough time 
I feel extremely alienated from the German government  Just pessimistic about our economic future.
Anyone speak/understand Luxembourgish? Just got a facebook message in it. Used to be bi-lingual, now can't make head nor tail of it 
@xxitsaoifebbzxx Yeah  Just changed my password to be safe! x
Damn. Just woke up. Rushing as I was supposed to be AT Blodgett in 10 minutes 
@shar03 Hahaha. Just today. My taste buds aren`t feeling like it today. Everything tastes bad. 
Why, I signed back in. Just done studying and - oops! - goin' off again. Soo sleepyy. I miss and love him badly. 
@BTToronto Nope - have a BB Pearl 8100 and can't upgrade til 2010. Just stills for me 
@4eyedbookie OMG! Just remembered, soooo sorry that I haven't given back your books yet 
Markus walks! It's official. Just filmed it with my telephone but seems the camara wasn't on after all. 
@anyidiot_Tori  Just sucks cuz the better team didn't win the series, just one game 
Went to the Standard last night and Just now getting to work... Oh dear! Hung over still. 
Home. Bored. Sick. Just kill me now 
On the way to get my #iPhone #3GS from T-Mobile Austria now. For 3 Weeks testing. Just 3 Weeks 
@AberdeenFC Severin was excellent when motivated. Just a shame I only seen him motivated about 6 times in his last two years 
Gosh. It's taking my body a long time to bounce back from my Atlanta trip. Just way too much stress. Been flaring ever since! 
Damn... Farrah. Just saw Food Inc. last night, I wonder how many less people would get sick in the world if we could eat real foods. 
Week 2 of the fitness challenge and I'm starting off strong.  Just submitted my stats for the night and it ain't bad 
@JonathanRKnight Maybe Jordan could help you answer a few? Just an idea.. 
My My Book just arrived  It was sitting in a box 10 times its size. Just roll-y poll-ying around.
@beautifulpyre Thanks for the Vodou Music.  Just what I need to send me to sleep.  
@MyNameIsIngrid Just think one day the'll be history books about you and how sleepy you were 
All done in the salon  Just had a mooch round the shops and now off home for much needed coffee! Hee!
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - haha...tom, you're awesome  Just reading eclipse, too see you in Amsterdam...11 Days 
@deiknuo Hmmmm... Good point. Just wait until you get here in October!!  
Oh, and by the way -- I Am Not A Recruiter.  Just looking for 1 lucky intern 
can't believe it is snowing in Buffalo.  Just my luck. 
@cchastain Thanks Cindy. Just called it how I see it. Thanks for asking a great question inspired by @martinpolley @fred_beecher @sgmitch 
@ConservativeLA Just saw your &quot;Spot the Fascist&quot; comment...too funny! 
@Jamie0683 Just saw your last message - no prob on the tutorial.   The days are already going faster...next week is going to be insane!
@SIEMVANDENBRG What's your Zork name? Just started &amp; looks like fun 
@howlieT nah it was always on Blogger. Just have it so it copies to my webpage too. 
Why twitter is bad for asking complex Qs...Just got reread on @848. I take the blame for cramming idea into 140 characters. 
@DreamingSpain: WOW! Just had an order for TWELVE of my paintings!!! Feeling VERY fluffy today   well done Amanda 
Just about to tuck into a smashing bean toasty, I made it myself so i think its edible? Mmmm Yum  Just alot burnt but ohh well im not  ...
@Cynyma Just dropping by for a twitter hello!  Talk to you later!
@kristenstewart9 Hi Kristen. Looking forward to seeing New Moon. Just wanted to extend my support to u guys 
Woo! Just got a wicked new printer/scanner/fax from officeworks and am playing with it now 
@RachelFerrucci Just moved from Vegas last year so any excuse to go &quot;home&quot; is great for me.  Good luck on your event tomorrow night!
@MissShy77 Turn your mind to me.  Apparently I'm loveable. Just ask the lesbian that just met me.
Getting ready to wade through health care options from Aetna.  Just looking at all the possibilities  
@Flowent Just emailed you!  Call me directly to get started.  
@therealsavannah Morning!  Just heard you on RD's countdown, number 16, congratulations! 
I Give Up, I'll Just Not Upload Photos 
W.O.W. [Word of the Wise]: Just b/c a Celeb tweets back to you, that doesn't mean the two of you are personal friends now! ha! 
@Wossy Just watched your interview with Hugh, it was great!  I want those claws please!
Surprisingly, I'm still awake! Just had hot choco from Starbucks 
Hi Everybody! Just Me Awake! 
@TimAyres I find it confusing that 40% of the votes can get you 60% of the seats under FPTP.  Just sayin   #bcstv
Took colin to the zoo- no touch people or animals  90% of animals were sleeping Ha!  Just our luck-but the cuckoo birds are awake
@sundaycosmetics I feel inspired. Just finished an amazming EFT session, got invited to do 2 radio shows 
Bike ride, shopping, photoshoot, tux fitting and hair cut down! Just a wedding a batchlor party to go. I love my life 
Wanna now what ShuckU is all about? Just ask 
Ooh! Just hit 200 following/150 followers  Thanks guys.
Meeting my lovely friends 2day. Buttoners &amp; Buma-ers. Just one &quot;selemparan batu&quot; fr my house 
@SashaKane Just DM'ed you again friend!  Quick question.
@narvylicious Yeah okay. Just text me 
@chrispirillo He spelled 'moron' incorrectly while you spelled 'douche bag' incorrectly  You can't stop the hate on YouTube. Just ignore.
@LoulaLand hey girl! its Kimbo. Just wanted to let you know I'm on here 
@Sharky123 LOL. Just for a change of pace, you should tell em you're an aspiring museum curator. 
Guud moaning all  Just watched F1 whilst languishing in bed... now that's decadence for you!
@stephenfry Hi!! Just saw you in Bones!! You are cool!!! 
@Introspectre Not girls in general. Just... y'know.  And yay.
@ddlovato Awww Demi. Just want to say i think you are AMAZING! 
@JKissnHug Just mentioned you on TWC 
@dragossh True that it's kind of behind &amp; ahead at the same time, but I'd enjoy an instant-on computer. Just please, not WIndows. 
@TomVMorris Morning Tom! Just checking before a full family day. LOVE you quotes. 
@muckalarkuary no no. The bath time is perfect for his cds. Just lie down and listen to Luther Burbank Blues... Hmmm. Now I want it 
Relaxing back at the apartment, Just checked out Identify : a  firefox plugin, pretty neat, now to implement it in some glasses 
@laceybenz Sorry about your loss. Just can't have the Cards winning 
Hello  Just registered on twitter and exploring the site now
@mistygirlph I'm well Misty, thanks  Just wanted to say &quot;hi&quot;  Hugs to u 
Ok last leg of the trip. Just dropped off Tammie, filled tank and homeward bound 2.5 hours to go 
@MrInfamy LoL...just jokin U! It is ok...Some Blondes R ok, though! Just so you know! 
@TiernanDouieb Just think that doing a gig you don't want to is 10x better than a shit office job. And Team Tiernan are cheering you on 
@pageshome Your Wookiees shed?  Never!  Ours don't (hehehe).  Just branches, plants, or anything else that's outside is brought inside 
@saucerpass The nametags that we have are AWESOME! Just wait until you see them!!! 
College tomorrow. Ewww. Just brave it out till june 17th, then 2 and a half glorious months of nothing 
@lartist Digging your work more and more. Just thought you'd like to know. 
@indranama Puluwan. Just go to their page and click on the RSS icon on the address bar to subscribe 
@byronrode don't worry about traffic. Just chill and enjoy the views. Coffee is ready for you here and it's a wonderful day! 
@thewildjoker Alright. Following. Just hope she follows back 
@Sammii_xxx Thank goodness for that! HUGS Just know I'm always here for you!! 
@DanaW915 WOW!!! Just got your msg ... What will you spend that $ on?? Fun stuff ... Or bills? 
everyone who celebrates 420...YOU ARE STUPID...Just saying ...No matter HOW hard you try weed will NEVER be a holiday  love ya!
@MichAtagana Just had to come and pimp my blog post  Ciao!
@preist Thx a lot!   Just press sleep btn(at the top of device) and home btn. It makes shutter sound, and it's done.
Indo curry on the stove thanks to @bsharp and offshore perfection predicted for the morning   Just need to the little cot monkey to agree
@ddlovato Hey!!! Just want to say, that your voice is awesome. Love it!!!!!!! Have a nice day, wherever you are  Lovely greetings
@pcusack Hah! Exactly how I felt about the whole thing Pat.. Just goes to show that It really wasn't &quot;one man&quot; vs. a media conglomerate! 
@360Flex Just what I was looking for, thanks! 
@MeetaWFLH Yup!  Doing fine   Just so very hot -- summer is quite intense here   Hope all is well with you too!
Yeah! Just got the tickets for the Jammin' Dose show!! 
@justingbyrne Cool!  Just a bit more to spice up the show  yeah maybe not 50 50, some listeners might not appreciate that
Strange flavour sensation. Just found a baked potato that's been cooking since 4pm yesterday, on slow for last 16hrs. Breakfast 
@SashaKane Wow, Scarey I was born there want a coffee date...LOL Just kidding 
@joeriverlinden This rocks dude, Twitterific is nothing compared to this. Just check it out 
@TomMaxwell Hahaha.  Just enjoy your friends there and try to collect new knowledge if possible xD
is at the library. Just finished school. Saw nightmares last night. First the end of the world, then earth quake. What's next? 
@ShanniiLee GASP! I can't believe you asked that! Just tomato, ham, cheese and egg.. it's the boring pizza, but nom nom nom. 
@sukidivine Nothin' pal. Just bullyin' @ajitmoses. He is actually a very distant relative of mine. 
OMG. Just had massive flashback to days gone by....a mention of .... Aikido!  How I miss those days 
@mileycyrus Heyy!  Just wanted to say, in this video ( http://tinyurl.com/cz2a2v ) - your laugh at 4:31 is so cute. xD
Enjoying California! Just made a Starbucks run with my daddio  @connectwithscot I love that everything is open even past 10pm!
@Syesha Sye! Just twitter at @DavidArchie, he'lll prob be really excited! 
@twilightfairy nah, the MTV shot ad was first. Then the movie. Just wasnt clear as to what came first  The movie was funny - but gross
@DavidArchie hi David! Just wanted to say good morning, if you're waking up around now! lol have an awesome day! 
@GlennaBean Nothin' much. Just here listenin' to music.  What's up?
@jr_King . . Just wanted to say What's up to a new friend 
@nathanfillion  I think Castle needs to twitter... Just a suggestion. 
@Hallelujah150 Just as it shines in Southampton 
@MissMarvinHumes Thats Okay.. I Think Ide Just Dozed Off 
Mygodmygodmygod! Taylena is just so cute!!! Literally. 
@Hello_Candy Heh, they're not uber fantastic but they are cool. Just a brown plain top with pink cupcake pants. Yes, I will wear pink 
[-O] Just got off work getting ready to leave for INDPLS 500 mini-marathon. Wish me luck.  http://tinyurl.com/cnn45k
@baconchips It gets more and more implausible! Just when you think they can't come up with more twists and turns, they do. Yes, heaps fun 
@Ottimisvico teehee. Thankyou  actually don't feel too bad. Just about to go into the movie. Hopefully I don't fall asleep 
@AmyElectro Is today still on or not? if you don't feel like it today don't worry. Just let me know as soon as you can 
@ddkurcfeld @TheOddSparrow @workfortweets @LorenaHeletea @resofactor Just want 2 say thanks 4 the #FollowFriday. Really appreciate tat 
Ugggggg.  Just woke up sooooo early!!!!  Excited to see my lady today!!!!    
@katyand oh no, all my own IP. Just three guys keen to make an app 
@the_zac_efron Hey Zac! Just wanna say that I totally enjoyed watching your movie 17 Again! It sure made me feel 17 once more! LOL. 
@eGlamourPhoto Just know I'm not scared of Kobe.. Never that.. 
@para_para_noia Sure! Just let me know what you want and give me some money before we go 
@syn74x Heh. Just the television series. 
@Cletae im doing good , i didnt even see you there. im Just in the process of coding my mIRC Bot Pixie  im pleased to see you here 
The sun I'd still shining brightly in Southend!!  I like!!  Just had fish &amp; chips. Yum!! 
Dammn ! @solangeknowles ; Just checked out @_MediaTakeout, and that picture they have up of you and Beyonce is HAWT ! 
@swasboss SOOO excited!!!  Just watched the video - it was awesome.  Seriously so excited that you're back to making videos, Mark. 
http://twitpic.com/4ewhw - Pacman Pancakes....Just finished having breakfast with Serj and Lulu 
@BarbaraDelinsky  Just posted for you on the blog  Greetings from the high desert in northeastern California !
OMG... THERE'S INTERWEBS!!!!   Just got back to the house from wandering 'round Cape May, bought a dress! (inorite?!?)
Hey! @lons sighting at Fred 62. I swear I am not a stalker  Just a fan.
@cat_elliott @JonathanRKnight He could get snake flu!!!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!!  Just kidding Jon! 
Arrrrgggghhhh!!! Just got a flat, in the rain, on a dark desolate street. Thx Roscoe for the help. See, kindness still exsists. 
@MyCentralCoast just unbelievable the energy we squander. Sickening. Just hope not 2late 2turn around. Try 2stay hopeful. 
Okay, I have decided to read &quot;The Hours&quot;.  I need to read something contemporary, short, and easy. After that, &quot;Frankenstein&quot; 
@jacol Welcome!  Just have a glance on your tweet here, hope you enjoy your stay here!  
@lady_karelia  Sem:  Just about. You can't get rid of me that easily.  Missed all you guys terribly.
@mudville100 Hello old friend  I'm well. Heading out for the first time in like forever. Can't wait!! Just trying to decide on venues....
Ayoooo.. Just had a great time at Corio &amp; just getting home.. Waiting for bodega to open 
Now on the plane. Just getting comfy next stop Toronto 
Dude i sound like brian pillman cept i'm alive wait am i a zombie? Nope don't have austin in my corner. Just sound alike 
@marcusprice Less frequent updates? ): Wait,are you and Cam still gonna do live chats? Because seriously,pizza hut taco bell combination. 
@marisalykins: Gosh. I guess you are older than me. LOL. Just Kidding 
@rkirkland duh,... i just figured out that you are with Dwight! Just say hello and finally nice to meet you! 
@kurtismarsh LOL Kurtis. If you could see my house/life, u would know me far from obsessive. Just love a crisply-made bed to sleep in 
@SarahSee95  Just a crappy cell cast. Better sleep. You got school rite, Sarah? 
Heading out for ? Shopping in the rain; Just shopping in the rain; What a glorious feeling; Buying a TV again... ? 
Kelly spent the night  That was epic. and scandalous.. Ooo! Just kidding about the scandalous part haha.
@Mandi_fay Just decided to basically cancel my plans. But it's all good now. 
@celiarivenbark Who cares about the story- Just like looking at Matthew 
Don't forget about Daniel! Just ate a whole pizza. Mmmm good. 
@webspecialist haha you're welcome! Just one more reason why OS X &gt; Windows 
At work for my last day of 7. Just been asleep/laying down for 13 hours. Felt real good. 
@jessewilkins haha I'm GREAT!!  Just relaxing tonight  Working on some stuff - What kind of exams? Sounds scary
@themelster and @sisterfire I'm over yall love birds... Bleh.. I'm kidding... I love yall... Just a little green and not in no eco way. 
LOVES ICE CREAM CONES!!! Just finished eatting my 3rd one, lol. I'm a fatty 
@CarpeDiem_NZ Hmmm I am having some trouble with it on MAC. Just sent tweet to them 
@lu_lu Just one part of a very odd trip. You travel for 3 months you see some weirdness. Loved Perth though 
Cloudy day in Berlin. Just about right to sit in front of a computer all day 
@Remy_Foster Just so i can see how they look with the other icons. Both themes btw. 
Still in the News Room..however; with audio to turn around!  Just grabbed a tea. Looking forward to after 1 when I get out in this rain 
wonders what some dancers have against glitter? Just don't wear it. Don't create a whiny group about it. Ok, I'm done. 
Boo to the rain. Just got all pruney in the bath  oo its may day..the crazy morris dancers will be having it large in ampthill lol.
@yohanik Hehe. Just found the Wikipedia page for the movie. And Last.fm confirms it. Thank you.  http://is.gd/iPrR
Good morning!  Just took the longest shower ive ever taken in my life. Like 45 to 50 min shower!! Woah. lol
@AmyFroebel Nope. Just come back to CT  
Alexia has clogged up twitter...... again.... so I thought I'd post a tweet. Um... Just had a shower!!  Now I will have a drink! Teehee...
@rebecca_leigh Thank you,!  Just trying to stay in a positive head space to keep pushing through it all. How's things at your end?
@Irish1974 Yeah, it's good.  Just startled me.  
@knorth23 Hey!  It's easy...Just type what you're doing!  Just like facebook, but much simpler.  Have a good day! 
I've come close to astroturf myself, @mgrocki. Save yr $$ - it doesn't drain. Just spray paint yr yard green instead 
@Jamie_127 LOL Just remember how it was after my car accident 
@ajkavanagh - Just seen the kiosk at Central Station. Nice job. 
@626aicitroM Yeah, yeah. Less #degenerate than current occupants of U.S. House of Reprehensibles. You can bet on that. Like MineThatBird. 
been To beach+ nanny's Just got back- roast Iater and then Pudding 
Round two of Vega: Vanilla Chai flavor.  Just realized that I have only 45 days left 
@kruss73 Hi Katie! Just signed in! How are you, sweetie? 
@ngeow Yeah, planning to do that actually. Got a Kinokuniya discount card, so I'm going to splurge.  Just worried about being overwhelmed.
@BillohBill WTF!!!!  LMAO!!! *Just got hit in the head with bloody balls* 
@AboveAllFabric  Hells Yeah. Block away. Just not sweet lil' ole me. 
@sweetdreamer I'm not too bad. Just trying to get by so I can live the dream AND rule the world.   Saving up for a super hero costume.
@PaulReid and sorry that sounded like a 13 year old texting!!! Just tried TweetShrinking built into Tweed Deck  Just another cool feature.
doing Accounting homework  Just nicely got a 50p for the project &lt;3
Friends are gone. Sushi, movies, laughter. Just what I needed. FUN! 
I love how small adelaide is. Just ran into callum, of all people, at the airport. Amazing to see him though 
Missed Justin on SNL! AGHHH! Just when I started to love him again, yes it's one of those weeks. 
@FanInfo Absolutely! Just have a good backup for Romo for December. 
@Makaio8688 Will you uh, marry me?  haha just kidding. Kind of. You're hot though. Just so you know.
What Darren on Linkedin? YES!   Just say your a twitter friend I NEVER IDK people! http://www.linkedin.com/in/darrenmonroe
@Reptar01 alives.... Less highness feeling.... Sometimes I hate that feelings.... Talking about an exhusband as if he's dead is funny 
@carlysmum lol takes some getting use to  Just replying to your email. Power keeps cutting out here :S
Ahh, sunshine.  Just deleted 404 spam emails from 2 days - now off to BBQ in sun  wonderful...
@starsparkle Hello! Just got back from Portugal. 'Twas splendid. Chillaxing, good food and G&amp;Ts. Bliss 
@BrawnGPFan Oh I know  Just funny that.
@Mikey_894 Just go onto like Joyces estate agents webby !! 
What Darren on Linkedin? YES!   Just say your a twitter friend I NEVER IDK people! http://www.linkedin.com/in/darrenmonroe
@linzhallam2007 Damn right. We ended up staying at a hotel near by.. and only just got back. Just going to upload our pics/vids 
Yay! Just got my acceptance letter from NMSU! 
@ruchikamittal You shouldn't bother with paper birds for Rohan.. Just hand him the suitcase and he'll vaccum your whole house with it  
Dillinger escape plan fuckin owns!!! Just sayin... 
Whew! Just finished my short story 
.@kaylascute Awwwww. Just make him buy you a new one + dinner + flowers + new shoes (to make up for lying). 
Also to say that I'm still very much *in* the Aussie Dev Community. Just a change of brand in a month or so  
Morning all. Just had a Japanese Green tea.  Tasted awful. But apparently good for you.  Not sure if there is any truth in it, but hey ho 
Remember me cuz I will meet you at the top. Just thought I let you know  @Gabrielle_Union
Save the turtles! Do your part! Just signup at WWF 
@Taddy69 Just wondering how your evening went last night? 
@PhilOwens - Yep! Recovered from all of those. Just very, very busy at the moment! ;) Both with work, writing, and promoting... 
@AnoopDoggDesai You have a HUGE fan base here in the Philippines! Just like the season 7 contestants, I hope you'll have a gig here too! 
@Ruth_Z  Just Awesome !! 
True Caribbean girl! Just ate a pretty good Haitian mango  (via @yali2005) stop..you're makin my mouth water!
@lavanotes Sorry you had a rough night, q paso? *HUG* Just think of the pizza and the knitting! 
Boo ya Just got paid 15 quid for learning math for 2 hourss GET IN THERE ! 
@Shelley_2  Just saw the wedding dress tweet- the rule of thumb is 20 years for vintage- so hang on to it!  
Appologies i havent been on here for a while forgot my log in details.... Doh! Just bee to the midwife and all is Well 
@VickyJones1984 Hiya  Just read you were looking for new music suggestions.. Secondhand Serenade are a good acoustic band!
@DolceKills Azzactly... (3 Snaps) &quot;Just Like That&quot; I've Taught You Well  Love You.!
@jejeooh Nope. Just the area where we draw. I'm sticking it on oslo 
OOC: Just got back from ST, have to catch up with your tweets. 
Using Amanda's computer, Yay  Just one more day and Dad will be gone.
Omg!!! Just found the desserts!!!! 
@jenandtonica Okay.  I'll try.  Just for you 
@DavidArchie Just don't forget to tweet to me !  BTW, I so love your show last night ! I had fun as much as you enjoyed your performances.
@jemillahayne Ok. Less stressful.  Just joking. 
@FoxBroadcasting 11:40 localtime.Just woke up...Conneted to TSCC chatroom, these guys there are just amazing ! still talk of SarahConnor 
@limyh In fact, I was wondering if @P1Media and @P1CanOrNot were the same person. They could both be a plug for P1  Just wondering...
@IndulgeaLittle YAY!  Thank you! I get up at 5am to run my 10-15. Just can't do 4am! LOL 
@JamesMW78 @luise_g I'm so out of touch! Was Graham any good?  Just catching up on UK telly while eating monster munch... love it 
@erinfxs  Damn, your new twitter background is fucking amazing.  Just like you haha 
TR @demiwood   I hear that - Just took a while to learn to listen to what I was hearing  
@alisonhaislip Should have never sold the jetta. Ford = Fail. Just sayin. 
@janole Done. Just sent you an email. Thanks for being so responsive 
Hi all. Just bloggin' and lurkin'. 
@princess_narnia Yes, you need twitpic! Just sign in on the page with your twitter details and you're set. Dead easy. 
Rick Hendrick will be on Oprah on Tuesday. Just FYI. Take any and all appropriate measures, I guess.  #NASCAR
@EileenLeft Just curious cause I live in Seattle is all! 
Heyy Twitter(: I Just Got A New Phone  Well Anywayss I'm Bordd/:
@kevox Beautiful. I've had no problems with Sky whatsoever. Just would like it to be faster, of course 
WOW! Just finished work, now dinner with Kris.... But we got a GREAT idea! 
Article on 529s. Just keep putting a little away and pay for A's and B's  http://bit.ly/yqc5d
@cobra121 Nopeee. Just listening to Leathermouth and my babe Frank being angry at the world. 
@JaxLicurse nothing much Jackie  Just chillin! and you?
Movie day wit my honey! Just ate lunch now we in da bed watchin DVDs. 
@cindypon Cool.  Just emailed you.
loves her makeup.  Just created a fabulous look, adding a TwitPic link soon, hopefully!
watching SNL: Just Shorts @sweetvoyce94 put on channel 4! lol 
Watching SNL Just Shorts !! 
@officialTila I Just Called You!!!  its me DannyyDC...
Feeling amazing. Scene was truly cool. Just wait and see... I believe history was made tonight.  into the shower then home!
@ZLovatt I might scroll through the whole timeline before tweeting a reply.... Just saw that you finished IATA logo 1 hour ago 
Yahoo! Just read Chuck has been renewed for a third season!! Totally made my day 
Seether's rendition of &quot;Careless whispers&quot; is AWESOME... Just saying 
listening to Just Jack - embers  #musicmonday
@miasdarmawan Nah, it doesn't suck. Just something everybody has to do 
@Itxi_Itx Thank you. Just don't yourself banned. 
@Jaymesthorp:: Just listened to your music, and also some funny fan videos of you on youtube, hilarious  Website is pretty cool too,
@beyoncatweets Never knew Heartless could be so good!  Just got back from Manila, giirl.
17tth May: Just woke up, can't believe what happened lastnight  Playing Sims 2 (haven't played in ages)
3 in the morning. Just woke up, can't fall back asleep. Uploading a youtube video haha. I'm afraid my mom's gonna kill me for being awake 
Pmsfl!!! Calm down boys nothing as saucy as what you are thinking. Just taken delivery of some stock   http://twitpic.com/5f40l
@tonimarienet @hopeinhell Thank you! Just what I needed 
Sixten : Just got home 
&quot;Angels &amp; Demons&quot; is my current most favorite movie of 2009. Awesome! Just watched it with mami @litadiarist &amp; aunt @vincamiller. 
@pet2107 Not bad. Can't (Read: won't) complain. Just turned 19 
@iAMAliceCullen_ Okay great!  Do you have a family? Just so I can add them
@MizzWorthy LOL no you're right  Just typed in the wrong day! Sorry if I gave u heart failure x
@CatatonicCat What a lovely office! Looks like something from 'The Bill'. Just needs a womans touch to make it more homely...or a carpet 
You are a 9.999. Well, you'd be a perfect 10 if you recognize my Twitts..      Just kidding ...
@DianneMR Hmm .. that's nice to know .. Just a normal day for me 
Just saw a clip of &quot;the penis song&quot; ... ROFLMAO!! Just what a sick girl needs to make her smile 
He thought I was going to be mad cos he was sick, poor baby. He's fine now, BTW. Just ate too much 
Wow. Just woke up from a terrrible nightmare. Thing is, i think it inspired a story..or at least a blog. 
@headhunter69 OK OK I cut loose the five bucks for texting. Dang! Just don't be surprised when I deduct $5 from your lunch on Wed. 
is taking my fragile old body to bed for rest. Old fart needs his sleep. Just kiddying  night my twitters loveeeeeeee youuuuuuuu
@IllusivePro Yep, down in London for the week learning C#.  Just bn out for a delicious turkish lunch  makes up for early start!!
@jack_daniel That _was_ a good one  Just need to hold out till July for server rebuilds and desktop reimaging...UGH
@Fordsterrr Just curious. Where do you work at? So nice to find a senior who has a JOB! Coolio. 
@JayLink_ Morning Jay! Just did! 
@PinkTarget Hey! Just got this. @BigMMike tells me that JT is considering Twitter. Seriously? After all the grief he gives us about it? 
TR @amandak2906 Just say what you're doing or what you think. It's a fun way to interact  
Finished Part 2 out of 7 of 'Birdsong' now. Wahey! Only got another 260 pages to read until I've finished. 
Morninggg all! Just watched Sarvers Myspace vid. Awww 
Whew. Done with uploading pics from the Vagamon trip! Just in time for the next road trip! 
@AudiKhalid You have to go to www.twitpic.com and upload your pictures from there. Just like Facebook. 
Yeea 2day was Historic  Just hit that nice 3 hour workout w/ @kbee24781 weeew boy I'm barely alive lol.
@TwiObsession Yeah, that would b cool  Just think on it &amp; decide when u are ready. No rush. That way u will have confidence in ur decision
will have lectures on #ntk09. Just been informed about that  Cool 
GOOOD MORNING!! where ever its morning lol ...Want to know what it's like to be in a British boarding school in the Cotswolds? Just ask 
50Mb and 2-10 today... and not forgetting Email unification... Just need to get today over with and can relax for a whole week 
@slimthugga Whats up!!! Just got home from ya show @ Chrome.................. U shut it DOWN!! 
Yoh! Just wrote some album songs... hehe... 
@alex_gibson http://is.gd/CkaB - Just FYI 
Cool, Just realized blip.fm has added video, This also opens up more songs that I could only find on youtube before 
P.S. Just got a call from Afghanistan 
@RockumSockum Thx! Just read forum answer to question - &quot;think&quot; I understand now... will know for sure if you see me at the pawtry! lol 
@ALOliver Brilliant. Thanks for that. Just had a very encouraging conversation with Google. Watch this space 
@tcharna Hello !  Just another thanks for you for  I'm really sorry to left the club as early... But for sure, see you soon ;)
@MichaelMcGannon Just checking out Yoona-looks very promising. Thanks for the tip 
@VagabondUK Thank you for my signed Vinyl I won on facebook   Just trying to figure out whos autograph is whos!! xxxxx
1 week left of studying! There is a god! Just over 2 weeks til I turn 21  Exciting times!
UPS has my headlights listed as &quot;Out for Delivery&quot;! Whee! I might have them on by Prom tonight. Just got an offer for my extra top- $125! 
http://www.opccalendar.com/index/home/ working without any issues. Final bugs fixed. Just waiting for launch  #opccalendar #bug-free 
@TVFanUK Al Pacino: &quot;Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.&quot; 
@nolimitshost Hi! Just sent a ticket 
@Colleen84  Hey where da NuNews? Just viewed jacks stuff (told him to keep cap on LOL) Later  have nice day !
@GeorgiaPrincez Just now....I was hinting at you that 65 was done.   Guess I'll just say it next time.   hehe
@thedjbook Brilliant idea!!! Just subscribed to the mailing list... how do I get an invite? 
@coachkiki In space? Did you just call me a SPACE CADET? Hmmmm. What am I going to do with you Kiki? :p) (Just being goofy here.) 
@JWoodson86  You would think that...   Just admit you love 30 Rock and all of this will be settled 
Hey event planners, SimpleSeating Pro is coming and it's going to be AWESOME!  Just my humble opinion of course.
is off to see the brilliant Ross Noble tonite.  Just hope not sat in the front row or arrive late.
@undergroundwire hey do you know of a twitter app for LG Voyager. Just a basic non windows phone 
Whoo. I'm tired yet feeling good  Just finished bathing and I'm back to business )
SUPER tired for some reason! I have no clue why! I didn't do ANYTHING today! Just moped around and watched tv! Doin it tomorrow too!! 
Hi how ya all doing? Just got home from work-YES  
@howie_d Just want to send a belated &quot;Congrats&quot; to you and the wifey  P.S. I miss Tabu! I lived in Orlando back in '00-'01 loved the place
@Noway57 Just had a bad dream.. LOL. I also slept late last night.. I thought I was getting a headache again same as yesterday..  Sleepy?
AHHHHH x 1000^2. Just found the bag I want on ebay for -$100! Getting it tomorrow 
@KevinSpacey Just bought the &quot;21&quot; DVD...gonna watch it now.  Everyone says my friend looks like you...and his name is Jack  
@Tani122 At least they are a healthy treat!  You can even leave out the ricotta. Just add one more egg white and a baby food jar of water
@mycellar Hehe ok  Just fyi, I don't mind or anything, was just a bit taken aback lol!
@TamekaRaymond Easy to be supportive, you're a queen! Just listen to your husband!  
@beth_warren You're inspiring, intelligent, funny and very real Beth! Just thought I'd say &quot;Thanks&quot; 
Well I read another 2 stories tonight from Stephen Kings Just after sunset. They were awesome! I would recoment this book to everyone. 
@LittleMonkey_ Just a helpful hint I know he replied that he was real but in fact he is a fake.. Ck out @MrRathbone.. He's the real deal. 
@davidbeking Mahalo.  Just fired up the netbook.  
@Ben373 Why get out? It gives our military something to do and they have to practice anyway.  Less casualties than at bases in U.S.
@MariahCarey Just watched some clips you performed in Turkey. Your voice was really on point and you looked happy up there 
@quinnbe12 and its AMAZING  Just like you!
It's Amazing what you can hide, Just putting on a smile  I love  @ddlovato &lt;3
@zachkendrick Glad to see you on Twitter! Just so you know, you don't have to say &quot;Zach is...&quot; when you tweet. Unless you really want to! 
@PhillyRedz Wink at someone HA!!!! Just playin.. 
@matt_damon Just that ur incredibly talented with a precious fam &amp; gorgeous smile!  Thx 4 consistently providing awesome entertainment! 
@DavidArchie U don't go on web for twitter? I always see your updates, from txt.  Heh. Just wondering. Haha Did you have fun? 
Woooo! Just got my 'Pure' platinum, just like I said I would.  @Dammenion Thanks for helping out with the online stuff. I owe you one. 
@Miss_Melbourne lol!! Thank you  Just warn me when people are getting sick of them.. lol
@dannygokey Do you like giving hugs? lol Random question. Just popped in my head. lol 
@MRJELLYBEANZ  so why i got the FF props? Just curious  :
Curious about Hedonism?  Just ask   I sincerely hate assumptions.
Yo' @shitseal &amp; @benpenis are both majorly GAY!haha Just Thought I'll Share That 
Oh, I give up.  Just look up Modernality Home Decor if you want to add me on Facebook.... 
Fact: CobraCam episode 7 was filmed in Milwaukee on BND. Just found that out  Now it's really time for sleep ;)
OMGOMG! Just saw those new moon pics in order to make it look like the movie..aahh, I nearly cried. Soo amazing 
@grimp Don't worry - with my gym membership officially canceled, you'll see more of me at the JW.    Just lemme know when!
Quick passing thought B4 sleep: Considering getting FollowMe car magnet, with my nick. Just so I can poll the results a month later. 
Alright...We just wrapped  the new Sean Paul video for first single &quot;So Fine&quot; last night....We have set a NEW standard...Just wait... 
Wouldn't have known abt The Final Break if it weren't for @starswelove's tweet. Thanks for that! Just finished watching, I loved it too. 
@CruciFire Yeah bro. Just kidding 
@_Leva_ Just think of all the ice cream you will HAVE to eat when you have your tonsils done. Start planning your flavours and toppings 
@absolutelytrue no music at the moment. Just watching some Quantum Leap on Hulu 
waiting till it's time to go Expo. Just got my next project - a short film. 
????? Copy and paste ???????If you like to laugh! ???????  Just did this for fun! 
Just finished implementing pretty much every feature I wanted for Network Defense 1.0 - Just gotta make fun maps now 
Morning Roseanne @iia Just saw my pic on the IIA newsletter and read the Alt text  Cool. Thanks!
@ChillWill23 YEAAAH BOYEEE!!! Just tryna do it officially... OFFICIALLY this time! Glad ya like the single bro... spread the good word! 
1 2 3 4 - Plain White T's   Just love this song 
