Most common words for this cluster:
[('kids', 561), ('parents', 320), ('children', 129), ('lol', 43), ('dads', 42), ('mothers', 33), ('moms', 32), ('school', 25), ('amp', 22), ('mums', 17), ('child', 16), ('today', 16)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'kids', 0.9133926033973694), (u'parents', 0.8296517729759216), (u'children', 0.7975120544433594), (u'dads', 0.7021014094352722), (u'teenagers', 0.6895641088485718), (u'grandparents', 0.6787590384483337), (u'mom', 0.6743133068084717), (u'grandkids', 0.6695227026939392), (u'Moms_dads', 0.6684852242469788), (u'stepdads', 0.6634505987167358)]





@fleurylis I don't either. Its depressing. I don't think I even want to know about the kids in suitcases. 
@darylsws kids are on holidays 
going to help my parents pack up for their big move... 
my parents wouldnt let me go to movies 
@phatelara aww.. I missed it, I had to go tuck the kids in bed! 
Gahhh I am so tired. And I cant get a hold of my parents 
@cherub_rock123 I have no kids so I cant go 
feeling kinda down.    wish i could go back to bed.  taking the kids on a playdate in the woods later.
@bffmebrit haha you crack me up!! i really want to see your kids sometime! i bet they are sooo cute. i miss the kids i used to teach. 
some parents are so meddlesome. it makes me cry 
fever drains the spunky personalities from my kids 
@petewentz the sound isnt working on the Invisilbe Children youtube video you posted! 
is inside working while wife &amp; kids have fun in the sun 
@moonfrye I wish i had half the energy of my kids 
at a kids party, but cant play, I have to be a responsible adult 
cant work with the tedious noises of middle age mothers/children/dogs coming through her rapidly decaying windows 
Give kids a three ring circus and they want four 
@bennigeorge Apparently my parents do, as they made me turn it down 
Preparing to take the kids back to their mother (or 'home', apparently   )
ugh... working for my parents= not fun 
At mickey D's wit the girls...they don't want kids meals either... 
@whoopthis  i'm bummed about the rugrats too. hey arnold was pretty legit too.
@allyheartsBB i hate scary movies. my parents tell me to get over it, but there's no one to comfort me when i can't sleep 
Leaving britney-just found out jon from new kids was there!I always miss the celebs 
I think my parents forgot about me 
Children back to school..chaos on the roads and the Wolves made the premiership ...could it get much worse 
i found my pen.. now i can do my health homework  this ad is soo good, the kids are moving their eyebrows to the music :O its cadbury
@pinkpinkblink the cats at my parents keep disappearing. calypso, goldy, jezebel.. some others names i dont know.. and now milenko 
Except my school is brand new,and the kids there really messed it up, but they sadly just follow the stereotypes about ghetto kids.  i ...
I feel like those kids that are the last ones to be picked up from school because their parents forgot about them..  
i wish i wasn't the only one up this late. :/ new myspace, drama free kids plz. neeeeed a banddddd.  let me know if you need a drummer! ;D
Waking up stressed sucks a bit. Kids whining boyfriend complaining  just wanna go back to sleep
my parents insist me to take a fitness..they give up with my belly! 
my cus and i were hidding so that the parents would not find us but 1 of then 1 of them found us 
my cus and i were hidding so that the parents could not find us but 1 of them found us! 
spy kids doesnt seem as good as it did wen i was little 
internet at fathers XD mothers is still down 
My kids choose the computer over the bouncy castle 
Making sympathy card for mom, for children  requested now on zazzle *sigh*
awwwe, the doggies miss their parents.  They won't eat their food.  poor doggies.
@samjallen Did you kill one of your dads chickens  you heartless bastard
@lovebscott  children r growing up tooo fast i dont know why 
@ the parents, the lawn-care people are out in full force and the parents dogs are defending their territory..by barking..a lot  
where are my parents? 
@josianna he's brill. I'm gutted he can't live with me. He cries when I leave my parents house! 
Going out to lunch with my mommy. :] I can't get on stupid aim because i forgot my stupid ipod at my dads... sorry! 
@avrobro this is true. I'm pissed!!! I wanted to see my kids 
@simplysimply nope it was swarming with kids 
Sleeping early on sleepovers again? 
@notxonhoj that's a shame  we're just off now, I'm wondering if sending the kids in for the hard to get nettles would be frowned upon?
the dogs at my parents keep waking me up at 6 am. 
@Theereesa  im just mad that my roomate is gay and i pay rent yet i feel like i have rules like living with my parents but i want him too
just woke up/my parents are being asses 
@adammz babysitting the children of the devil himself 
The sound of whiny children is so nice .............. 
I'm home alone.. Kids at the dodgers game 
@LovinJK4ever ahh I'm sorry  I hate it when my kids do that to me
@MissMoeRie  no I wish  until then I'm making up imaginary kids LOL
And......the parents Are NOT happy...very not happy actually.  uh oh.
you guys are bullies  @Coodieranks @LadyLove88
@soysauce714 too many kids watching TV on the couch. i can't win. 
They're gone I eated them I am now in little kid depression 
Weekend rocked.  Not looking forward to talking to the parents 
@wulanhandayani  well, my parents didn't allow me 
@theAsianparent i know of some gay dads/husbands. And in the end, their wives suffers the most. So sad 
Ugh have to some gardens with my parents 
@AndyCouncil were are coming to crimes of passion with kids, no party for us though  looking forward to showing them your model
@taylorswift13 i'm upset  i wanted to see you but my parents wouldn't let me. :/
The kids r crazy and its thunderstorming outside 
kids are in bed and now i have no one to play chutes &amp; ladders with. 
@joelledolcebebe i know too true, especially with my kids...tell them NOT to trust and then i can be an idiot 
I fuckin hate my parents sometimes...I just want to run away!! 
A woman getting married at age 107? That's insane. Too bad she can't have kids. 
@orangecadette3 I wish I was going out to eat with our parents 
is looking after her nephews and shes tiiiiireddddd  lol eeeep for kids of my own! xxx
@colossalblue breakfast with kids music at full blast,my sons being taught to dance by a man who's quite obviously not into females 
@couturesmith why, where's your children? 
hates screaming children on planes.. 
No I only did 18 and also have 2 new kids to add reports for!! 
Squalking kids and adults that don't want to dance. I hate communions/christenings. 
most of the food prep is done - one of the kids will be here - will miss the others. 
@moushmom I didn't know Makinnon was in track. I hope he does well for his meet, but I feel sad that he won't have his parents there. 
parents are getting on my nerves leave me alone 
If it wasn't 4 the mothers... I wouldn't have any lil kids 2 slap... and that would make me sad 
sickk workk.  then grammas with the fam [including carsonn] greatt.  but happy mothers dayy 
I miss my parents 
mothers day was great till i had to take the kids back to their dads place.. 
mothers day isn't turning out too well 
@MsGood2go being mothers 
i just sex'd all your moms and i got sick 
kids at our school are so feral, they spread disease and they cough and spit everywhere...soo im sick now  I HATE KIDS
4 children die from hunger every 30 seconds 
jon and kate plus 8 make me sad now   8 kids &gt; fame.
Oh my,,, the tweenies are rapping 
kids discovered spotify, playing the smurfen and k3 now 
Is happy to be  finally hanging out on the couch with her grandparents.  But old age sucks 
@kimloves i knew I should have said attic instead of basement when my parents offered. 
I really, really, really, really don't want to go to my night duty tonight!!  crying children and stressed parents do not thrill me!!
peer pressure sucks-wouldnt want to be a kid again, kids can be mean. mean kids grow up to be mean adults 
@scrapaddict ahhh. my kids are too little for the bus to come take them away.  i suppose we'll survive, but i might require chocolate.
@RichardCarter ooh when i was little only the rich kids had crayola 
I'm bored of watching my wife and kids now...i need something to do. coursework is getting boring now too 
..... and my parents aren't here 
@fluffyemily  at least the kids are not making too much noise!
@xomiv No, my parents were watching dancing with the fucknuts so I started packing and missed it.  
@faffypants his daughters life.  she is being difficult for no reason.  there are so many dead beat dads and he doesnt want to be 1 of em
hola ppl, the kids went home 
I don't like seeing my only alive grandparent growing old really fast. 
@strangerspass What saddens me the most was that one of the victims was to scared to tell her parents. 
paper round *sigh* and then the grandparents are round 
missing my parents 
Off to lunch with my poodle and hopefully she'l bring the boys, not seen them in ages, i miss the kids 
I miss my moms cooking... 
parents just left  but they did leave me lots of food which was nice!!
Now for the bit that I least enjoy - dropping my kids back to their mum's house. 
@belle_lulu aha well my mum and dads were both slightly younger than their actual ages and mine was way older! 
@ericareed my dads too lazy to open ours 
@crazyadventures So hard to miss out when kids are sick.  
@ABIBAN yes but sadly married... With children too 
ugh new kids tix are so expensive 
just broke up with the children's medical center 
If my parents uncover this burn, it will make all hell break loose, i just realized. 
@oksanaut I has a sad. want to be out with you kids, not in bed, coughing... 
hate giving children E's and D's in moderation 
Oh and my gay parents sold my cat 
@kinokofry That's disgusting  A horror to think there're crazy adults walking around pointing fingers at these kids &amp; folk believing them!
I resent some people sometimes. I really do.  Just had dinner with my dad  miss my parents!!
It must suck having children.....but I still want one 
been at school since 7:30 and cant leave till 2    at least my parents are coming up so I get to see them and get my new car (moms car)
suddenly want to go home...miss my parents and my little dogs  why couldn't those papers and exams just fuck off, i need a drink
@justreason  we could only talk about our childhood, all I could write about is the sandbox
I ask myself why this happens, why these kids get abused, this is horrible  i will have these kids in prayer tonight. This needs 2 stop!
@myloveismusic It really angers me when things like that happen to children. They are innocent, WTF?! 
Today my work will be full of children who scream and cannot behave themselves. I didn't think it was possible to dislike kids 
@mallycakes and in what was left of it (it was flat and shredded) you could are kids bikes 
is babysitting the neighbours kids 
@electrikitty i agree wholeheartedly! There's no sense of magic as an adult 
I dont want the seniors to leave. 
i feel really bad i just talked to my parents like they were my slaves, and they were being so nice to me  punish me.
@slackmistress I'm sad about not scared of clowns: as a child i had imaginary clown friends but they refused to perform for me  ... #fb
has two kids with sore throats... oh joy 
@SallytheShizzle eek.  there's so many kids getting diagnosed 
It breaks my heart 2 b tied in2 the foster care system n c these kids torn from their fam.   off 2 the daily grind!
i hate it when one of the kids is ill 
Now the children are sick too. 
@ashleyrose that is so horrible, i'm sorry! i really hate bullies.    
@Cynnergies how tragic! I heard that these types of accidents happen even with cords from mini-blinds, tv's, dressers falling on kids  sad
@mizplunderbunny dont want to gota i dont think the teachers would be happy to keep my kids for the night lol,i want to say and chat more 
@classyPYNK thats another one but from the parents perpective. I almost did it to mine. I still beat myself for it. How could I?!?! 
the grandparents would let the cat get outside while the coyotes are looking for dinner 
i dislike my parents right now 
@RemiRockit your parents suck. 
@nzdeany I've given up on pizza - kids would never let me have my fav  (the hot ones)
@Nanava_3 U know - kids do what we DO - not what we SAY ... well, don't we all, really  .... 
Sitting at my kids school listening to moms discuss their daughters becoming women. I feel unsafe. 
@illmindPRODUCER careful the cops dont mistake you and your kids for criminals - i hear there is some indiscrimate shooting going on 
@mommyto6kids oh great. 
According to @momsrising, a quarter of families under six live in poverty.  
According to @momsrising, a quarter of families with children under six live in poverty.  
Shout out to my moms for wakin me up so prematurely! Preciate it 
@calikiks  asap. But..... Kids are asleep. I have a car seat for arianna. We can take her with us? I need to pay vs bill!
heading out to the park with the kids - hope it does not rain -looking cloudy? 
shoutout to @denzelburks we're both starvin like homeless cambodian kids  lmao
i don't like being sick when the guidance counsellor is supposed to take me + 35 other kids out of school for bowling &amp; pizza 
@jen_juneau I did, until my parents got all f'd up and I started comfort-eating 
ah seriously i dont even work with children some how i am still sick!  groundhog friday just got worse.
Migranes suck....Especially when the kids are suddenly hyper. 
why won't the kids sleep 
i have become my mothers slave. 
saying goodbye to my parents at the airport.  it was great having them around.
i hate parents 
something outside has a bell  and i wont stop ringing, i think its children with bikes  the asbos
babysitting kids who won't let me play wii with them 
the kids are going to see up without me. 
rushing to sitter to pick up my 103F-fevered preschooler 
Craving munchkins so bad. 
How did I give birth to a SCREAMER?? I hate screaming children!! I guess I hate screaming children besides my own, now. 
http://twitpic.com/67ljj - As if teenagers need any more encouragement  
@mitchelmusso i wish i could call you but it will cost a lot  my parents wont let me 
I miss the seniors already 
I realllly miss my parents backyard and hammock. reallly bad. 
@lindyhot lol.. usually i always do.. not bn too well tho  how old r ur kids?
i dont want the seniors to leave 
I just vacuumed my blackberry in hopes of getting the water out. I hope Children's is understanding and will replace it if all is lost 
I miss my kids. Feeling a little anxious and sad.   
seniors just graduated... ahh it sucked 
your first two kids!!!!!! 
I hate happy couples. 
Is asking her parents to have a bunny or puppy. Pleaseeeeee 
i miss a*teens 
Be priest, preach and molest kids  ???
@All_My_Children are zach and kendall re-marrying? i have misssed it the last few days 
@BBLucia The kids are so cuuute! It's sad 
@Chettahman i WOULD but im a child and in prison.  watch. when i  come back. im wylin!!!!
so tired of picture books and finding their concept of childhood. wicked needed damn parents banning me from going till exams are over 
@adeejayday *you. :&quot;&gt; I got excited. ) Ookay, those kids are lucky. :| 
@icheyne no - parent politics 
@Little_leaf  Totally agree with you. I'm a hypocrite for watching, but putting these kids on stage without the resources to handle it... 
@BlessedBy3Kids I missed it! 
Up at 5a.m wishing I was all cuddled up asleep with the kids.... 
da bad side of working with children is having 2 write down how n different ways they can get abuse n it hard n upsetting 
It should be a law that little kids cannot be THIS hyper before noon 
I would of asked, but we went I alex's because all of the parents were there, and we left like midnghtish, and I couldn't.  @breathejess
Remembers vaguely what it felt like to sleep-in b4 kids. So far we've played bball, golf &amp; playdoh. @sarahstelmok no nap in my future 
Puppies are just like kids once they wake up they want you up  tear tear
Going to my dads  ugh
should be napping, kids are with grandparents and mom's (me) been sick for 5 days  #mmwanted
@westcoast_man  He's still asleep!  So I'm tweeting and watching telly.   Teenagers can sleep for days.
I wish parents had a choice on what school their kids could attend 
@lisam75 i wish  unfortunately with average age of 3 - i was at risk of flattening the kids!
i don't know where my parents are... 
@TheYoungMommy don't you hate when good childrens movies come out and you can't take the kiddies yet 
I don't recommend having kids, they nvr do as they r told. 
at the grandparents....missing the carnival though! 
meet in the middle is happening right now! i thought of taking my kiddos, but i worry about hateful people endangering my children. 
my little sisters are the cutest brats ever.ugh. my mom's to lazy to leave her guests for 2 minutes and just put L &amp; J to bed by herself. 
kids dont wanna play with mommy today they want an adventure parental free 
@Zannabanana no true! I didn't come ;-) I have been traveling so much that I was forgeting my kids 
at cousins party with a bunch of kids 
My dad is making fun of me bc im laughing at a kids show 
My dads in the carpool laughing at me 
My mom really needs to try and not take out her anger on her kids............................. 
It's too quiet. I'm used to screaming toddlers not teenagers who stay in their room most of the time. 
@mellalicious I wish I had kids so I had an excuse to go to the aquarium 
The girls ofie, ruby and esther arrived at my house &amp;we didnt want2go2the service so we wanted to go to the movies..! but my dad said no! 
@andreaLG you are soo lucky. i am in hamilton visiting my parents and i only saw a single rainbow 
- I've had a bad 2 days. To top it off, now I'm dealing with messy neighborhood children. I wish we lived back in the COUNTRY again. 
I hit a baby when I was swinging  parents need to take care of their kids more D:&lt;
Fixing my exes parents computer and for some reason they're hovering like they've never hovered before 
Wish my kids were all on the same schedule. 
I think the models' parents are all here 
@Smoothman indeed it is. so many of our kids are overweight now. 
where are you #LOSNOTC kids 
Watching &quot;Worlds Stictest Parents&quot; with my mom. They always have cute boys on this show! But they be bad 
I am going to bed now . However my kids are too loud in the livingroom! 
my mom has been telling me for years that I shouldn't have kids... 
@gabanti well i'm not allowed to  and yeah we have to catch the bus because me and @taiforver 's parents can't always take us. -s
@gabanti well i'm not allowed to  and yeah we have to catch the bus because me and @himynameisjaz 's parents can't always take us. -s
I feel far too old. No hit and young kids  I could cry lowkey
Except for when your parents don't let you eat 
@GADBaby I am soooo jealous - I don't even have a playgroup 
i miss my kids. i adore all their parents bcs dey are reli nice to me n appreciate all dat ive done 4 their kids 
apparently when you are effed, the feed the children infomercials will make you weep. they just said this kids belly is full of worms! 
http://twitpic.com/6brs3 - I miss these kids. 
feels helpless right now.. my lola is in the hospital.. not doing good.. her children are making a big decision of their lives! 
How I would love to go out and have a picnic..but the kids have extra classes 
parents suck..  
really really really want to go to bed... but have washing up to do  maybe if I convince my parents that i really am THAT tired...*thinks*
@1txsage1957 your link to the kids and poverty is broken 
cleaning and washing clothes! the hubby and the kids are sicky 
Just took a pic for a family with the cutest kids. kinda wish i could keep the pic. 
Getting the kids from their classes in church. I'm hoping we go out 2 eat, but I'm thnkn I'll prob hav 2 cook 
Hates being woken up by sunshine and children laughing.,,I wanted to sleep in. 
Lunch with the parents then work @ 4 
why do I expect kids to help 
@grantswilson  hope you feel better soon.Kids help!
parents SUCK!!!! 
hmph i can't get on overcast kids, login page won't load 
uncles house for his bday . this sucks bc there all adults here 
@XxSceneOXx hahha my mom got on to me cus I was on a kids bike. I told her I wanted a bike and she said no 
I feel so bad I think I got my girls sick and its the worst when your kids r sick you feel bad and you can't do anything 
@KerriCoach I second that thought. The innocence of children leads to that presentness. Until we adults change them. 
parents are exhausting... 
wanting to come back to visit those kids  aaawwww
@moonfrye That is sad, why can't some parents let their kids enjoy being young?  
You know you're a goober when your parents use online communities more than you. 
missing my little munchkins already    ...
so exited to see oyu on dateline!!! i wish i could go to one of your shows but my parents cant afford it  @taylorswift13
@ashleyedner they dont support 'toys for tots' though 
@ninjajordyn my grandma moved next door to my parents after I moved out and got married   it's nice to have them together now for visits
i should go to bed soon but im not tired and mums not here to moan at me to get to bed! 
I hate on-calls for than I hate kids. 
@leetran I don't do summer camp anymore, now that I am an adult (in a kids body) I have to work everyday 
taking myself to get dinner. driving sucks, i suggest you don't do it. i wish my parents would have offered take me to dennys with them. 
so ready to move in  my parents piss me off!
Leaving rents dads mad at me 
@cantbeweathered: prepare yourself a little more.. yes its the children  I guess I am the dad cause I read directions after I fed...an ...
My parents aren't going to my promotion 
Up was so saaaddd.  but there were two annoying little brats next to me.... so .... it want that fun. too many kids...i dont like kids...
i miss the seniors already! 
Currently dealing with chicken pox children  they are playing wii
@andyclemmensen awwww i'm at dads house and missing it 
my mums leaving me tmrw 
@gerabee Parents should never transfer their identities to their kids. 
I feel like somethings missing 
@MINGOENT that's real good...kids are doing good. Schools almost out  lol I'm not ready 4 that. Lol
i want some more cake  why did you take it all to your parents :'( why did you go to your parents... you could have come back...
No more preschool!!! *dances* But, I do miss them a little already 
@random_bloke no its too hot to take the kids out  x
Pissed at my sister she just called said she can't go on sat to new kids wtf!!!!! Now I'm stuck with a ticket n no one to go with 
watched &quot;dreamer&quot; last night with my girls. i never cried during sad movies until i had kids. 
@mrskutcher I can't stand rude people!!! this guy must have a very sad life to attack someones Children. sad just sad....  
@pervetastic it's on youtube  they all walk out with their kids and take a giant photo with their kids but no wives LOL
I really miss my grandparents. It's really hard with both of them gone now. 
my mums still in hospital 
Is thinking about her kids' dad and the sentence that was handed down to him.. 
its child cruelty to make children go to school in this heat 
kids you can never cantrol them 
@samantharonson in that flight were one baby and seven kids and unfortunally one of my friends....so sad 
@rachyyface damn my parents would never let me get that shit 
finally finished assignment 1 task3 lol wooop 7 p;ages later :O. Mums watching springwatch funfunfun lol college tomorrow  tired now  xx
Little boys with their mothers make me melancholy. 
it makes me so sad &amp; angry to hear about kids who are bullies &amp; they bullie other kids! I wish there wouldn't be no bullies 
@taylortastic ugh, but then it wouldn't be funn  at least you're being paid to watch demon children. xD
supersize teens 
My parents frustrate me 
yo yo yo dudes im on my  moms cpu, but my parents took my keyboard soz i cant type  lol must do homework to get it back lol
It really sucks to see a kid come out with the worst of each of their attractive parents bad features. Such a genetic short falling 
What it is, kiddies? Are you all getting ready to graduate or what? I wish I was graduating 
@artistjanebush I feel really bad for all those kids 
Oh damn i am lonely!  no seniors!
Already misses the seniors. 
@feistybabe awh i wish nesto could work out with me but 1 of us has 2 watch the kiddos 
@Emmaroo i know. I had to yell at my parents 
what kind of animal was it?? hopefully not a kids pet  @investigatordon
@2kids1love I wanted burritos for tea but my mum said no like always so I had to have salad instead 
Going 2 bed....no kids but allergies r acting up 
@micropreemies Thank you very much.  There are children involved and the parents very bad choices are rubbing off on them. 
@AlexAllTimeLow my parents just told me ei wasnt aloud to order it the package.  I will just have to buy it at hot topic.
feeling really abandoned by my parents, dont know what i can do 
scratch that it's kids sizes... i don't fit that anymore 
@MarleeMatlin I don't have dental coverage, i am on medical/medicare but no dental, my parents pay for me so i can go to the same dentsit 
@Cheenita it was too sad for kids 
Watching jon and kate + 8. the kids are soooooooo cute!!! its unfortunate there's so much drama surrounding them 
Arfing children should not be allowed. 
@KRANGofEZACCESS   that clown eats children.
 why do you have to treat me this way mom? we're both adults, so let's act like we are.
@weiseldog both my parents had killed deers with their cars. 
i miss my littles. 
i saw two kids chatting at the bus stop next to the dairy and made me think of all the times @_tia_xo and i would sit there and just chat 
@williamtm that is dads for you  he he he
@Bettyboolet1 because kids are gonna be going on vacation 
@josamuffin they are sooo easy to use, and kids look cuter in it too  besides, imagine adults in paper underwear?  #clothdiapers
is wondering why some asian parents are so legit crazy... 
I keep kids out of school, wake baby early from nap, ride monster bike w/ kids on to dentist only to be told the appointment is next week 
@Applecored no the mums horrible 
@GodEater no the kids wouldnt dare,trust me,shes done it before to her 
@mommyto6kids sorry the order got cancld 
the kids on my bus are so annoying! i need my ipod 
Current news on TV: One old book for three students. Numbers of chairs in classroom, NOT suffice for the kids. 
Just when you thought the coast was clear...  more sick children 
it's very sunny, and i'm sitting doing feck all   due to being abandoned by my parents..
Kids have the most amazing imagination...it really is a shame that most of us lose that as we get older 
#flylady hello fly/twitter friends!!  got the kids up a little early, 2ndds10 and dd rode bikes to school, 1stds10's tires are flat 
these 8 kids might end up with some seriously high therapy bills. 
cleaning cleaning cleaning. . .  the question is are the kids UNdoing it faster than I am doing it?!!?!?!?  I think I'm losing!!!  
why do they all find my ugly dolls so scarey...two small children just left the shop in flodds 
@mariyaahmad you can ask my clients about that... I'm amazed how they can have more children when they can't support their kids now... 
is at home with two sick girls   I hate when my kids are sick, I feel so bad for them
@Relucs Thought it sounded less grumpy than child-infested pools 
Why do kids have more of a right to be on the swings compared to people my age!? 
@mi_alegria my mom's kids are the same way, but she teaches learning/emotionally disabled kids, so i'm not allowed in often 
@mrsdam well at my school 15-16 and some kids are and there's a autistic kid well adult he's 18   and some 17's basically mixed haha
I most likely failed my final in math. my parents are going to shoot me 
going to dinner with my parents and granparents...too bad no one is getting along 
Sometimes I feel as if he's rooting for me to have kids. 
with cancer. so sad!  feel bad for the parents of these children! tragedys are as they say tragic!
My mother is just as bad as people at school, only different. 
i guess its strep also, and i think andy and my moms sick too 
@nikixtc nvm -.- my moms saying she doesn't want me to. So idk anymore  ughh
can't get internet signal at her grandparents house. 
@ssoledad_  hahah ...parents are like this 
@Gappers my dads gf lives out here and he moved in with her. miss clinton so much 
doesnt want to say goodbye to my parents. 
@weezyrebel don't have kids. That heels shit won't pop anymore.  *memories* I still only own one pair
@poetik_a my parents told me about that, also very sad. 
@JMatthewFlyzik @AlexAllTimeLow that is no fair! We U.S. Kids have to wait like another month to hear any. 
Reading a manga on a mom raising an autistic child. 
@McKenzieAnn16 haha i used to also, then my parents dropped it  i guess when you're not working you can't pay it or somethin like that lol
Seeing the sick kids in weastmead childrens hospital makes me sad every time 
@wendychou  all moms do that
want to go to bed early... but had seriously disturbing nightmares last night  lots of murdered babies and children... it was horrible!!!
rrrrrrrrggggggg we have 2 watch the seniors graduate now boooooooo 
I'm with taloncc, maybe we are not popular like the other kids on the playground 
@estrivra my parents got divorced. It was hard. Lol 
kids are taking turns with fever 
parents sometimes suck 
My dogs are knocking at the door because I forgot to feed'em!! - sorry kids 
my parents are so silly why can't they just tell us what they've planned  
I want it to b 7 already so I can c my seniors  especially a specific senior
@liareilly cuz we gotta meet the kids and the parents tonight.   
my dads mad @ me 
i dont want children. i dont want children. i really dont want children... but i have to have them anyway cuz danny want them   
awwww i miss my seniors already  eventhough i was just with them at hooters!! haha
Man kids r sumn else on this bus 
stupid counselors... 
These ppl have no mercy..my kids 
deciding between a drug of choice is hard.  hahhahaha teenagers and their summers. 
So sad she had to say goodbye to one of her kids she works with! They are moving 
@LadyFiveStar i am...qq. our only children 
I wish I could meet the founding fathers. 
Why do I always remember to carefully slather my kids in sunscreen, but never remember to put it on myself? Owwwwwww 
i miss the seniors already 
Children are gone for 30 days...I am sad  Its too quiet here...
Is there such thing as an age of innocence anymore? Children are growing too fast today 
@Sueitsme because i hate my parents 
@bigdavegrizzly I want 2 go to this tots thing. 
poor children's parents , so sad 
persuading teens to tweet is harder than i imagined 
I wish i could go somewhere tonight but it looks like it's me, the kids and sponge bob   
Loves when the kids are sick 
Late nap for the kids = long night for parents! 
I seriously cannot fucking stand my parents sometimes 
These kids are so funny. I hate having to tell them to stop 
Watching defiance with my parents... It's really good and really sad so far 
@xjillianx lol i hate that! and parents don't realize it 
 parents are back. haha
@brittlovesmusic Youre so lucky! I wanted to see the all time low free acoustic show but my parents thought it was a hoax. 
My parents are smelly poopy bums 
@danibel transition of children's expressions once they realized they cant get on the island ... !! ... :O! ... :o? ... :| ... 
i miss my parents 
@janicereyes I totally know what you mean... I've given up on that though, it's disastrous with the kiddos all by myself! 
I hate babysitting. I hate children. I hate yelling. I hate undefined bedtimes for humans under the age of 13. I hate doing nothing. 
Feeling sentimental and missing my grandpa.  He'd have loved to see all of the little kids playing together.  Not the same w/out him. 
I guess your dads more fun than me 
@Luwase LOL its not my fault my parents never took out the training wheels 
Why does a 66-year old need to give birth to a baby? http://tinyurl.com/nxqfj9 There are so many foster children in need of good homes. 
And she misses her evening with the kids... what a mom 
In my basement listening 2 my parents argue over their divorce 
@Angavi cute kids should never be sad... 
If he breaths too deeply he may die  sally strothers come save the children
all my high school children graduated.  go stags!   ... well mark's still there.
daycare horror in mexico - 29 children perish in fire  http://tinyurl.com/okv854 my prayers for all the parents
According to mothers I'm too fat and ugly to get in..., so angry!!!!  not fair!!!
@ my parents home, scent of my mothers roses everywhere.. nice morning.. dont want to study 
going 2 dads soon 
whenever I plan to take my parents to Hamsptead it starts raining 
Wish I was dntwn with all the cool kids... I need rent!!!  
@TemplatesRoyal wiso sind deine Screenshots immer in so mieser Qualli ? 
Heading to greenwhich with the kids...looks beauitful outside 
@miss16skater I know  parents want to take me into town instead the joy!! 
Just talked to grand parents over skype... not good, not good, can just sit and cry 
me and my kids are sick 
@howlertwit Thanks....most of the children's parents say that to me as well! I have y6, so they're leaving soon, I'm gonna miss 'em 
hates happy kids. thanks for reminding me how terrible my prom was. 
sitting in the livingroom and talking to my parents... back in bigge 
at my dads 
My parents just left 
@Blauerpunto The shame about first aid skills is that courses for first aid on children are very random and at times parents can't use. 
is not lookin forward to babysittin tonite  3 kids, 1 me, not a good combination !
At the market and...its chilly and no kids.  Ah the trials of being a facepainter... 
@nadia_molina this is so sad, it should not happen. Not to those children 
uupppppppp, dads soon 
Isn't is sooooo cute how couples start to look alike after being together for so long.... 
So after last night i have more respect for moms. dude my son kept waking me up. both kids sick . 
@popcorn44 that really sucks  I hate how parents don't get what you love,it's like you need it,then they don't even care =|
missin my kids 
Tired of seeing couples everywhere 
@hidama My parents were the stress without the motivation. 
unfortunate future organ donor members: teenagers biking on the street sans helmets while iPod'ing...  
im leaving.. my parents are going separate ways now!! i dont know who i will choice between them!!! 
enjoyed my gamom for tea, once the kids are in bed its a lonely evening for me on my own 
@killerannax -- sdkljglkjas i can't come over either.  my parents are being stupid.
jackie's parents think i'm a drug addict 
@jessamphetamine Sadly no! I wouldn't have anyone to go with, and my parents refuse to let me go to concerts alone. 
Not sure if I like the new tumbling place.  They do have wifi but it's an absolute zoo of gymnastics kids.   and no coffee either
missing my seniors already 
Up at my dads trailer. wireless is not working 
@thebrandicyrus so I guess that means your not going to be at your dads show tonight 
My parents make fun of me because tonight i was drunk 
@elizabethx3 i wish. But my parents said no.  blasphamey.
my hearts breaking for those families who lost their child/children in the daycare fire  35 babies gone.. I can't even begin to imagine.
@iamHimself no babysitter. 
my fae-ddut dads here and i missed him cus i was sleeeeeeping! 
@knightsangel parents to expect you to drive 
Is out walking. I dont want to but my moms making me 
just got sad news... coworker passed away - 32 -8 mos pregnant - took baby to Children's...just saw her husband,also a coworker yesterday 
The shirts are for kids only 
@kaitlynnoelle i'm not sure if i can  we might go to the movies, and then we have to babysit the kids.
@CrisiLouise we ended up shipping the kids off to granparents..I had to work 
children running around the store and they are the managers kids  FAIL
@Nicnax666 oh I wish we could afford for me to stay home. The hubs just got laid off.  plus, no kids. He won't let me count the dogs!
Helping my Friends Parents 
mums moaning at us to go to bed 
@MichelleDewbs As a parent, it is heart-rending to think of any child not being fed, encouraged, loved and tucked in safe at night. 
annoying kids are over  i hate being grounded
@jeremiahwho I know-I decided to hang with my parents before I left 
i just made a pair of converse online. they look so cool! but i doubt my parents would buy them for me  i need to go to the mall
My parent don't love me anymoreee 
These kids are crazy  save me
the kid's bday party wore me out...I salute all mothers out there who have to deal w/ children 24/7.. I don't think I can keep up w/ them 
@TuttoBene My parents must be so dissapointed in me 
my cousins boyfriend has his 2 kids here...i miss my kids @ work 
I only ask this cause my parents couldn't bring me any when they were here... 
my child is so high strung right now.  she's going to snap at bedtime.  should be fun!  
Is so glad to have both kids in bed! may not get to watch boston legal  to tired
@JORDYsaurous they were ripping off dying kids 
 last time seeing my kids. 2 of the greatest kids in the world.
I hate it when kids leave shows early. Slightly bummed. 
travis barker is so nice to his kids it makes me want to cry. i'm sick too! 
@MicaylaMari22 it's horrible, it's like a mother losing one of seven kids 
Just dropped the kids off 
 my parents just told me they dont want me and wished they never had me
@_JamieLeeCurtis never,,,,,I didn't get the joy of having children of my own. 
@JennysMyName ya i begged my parents haha! i wish you could come 
@typezero3 no I don't want the kids to get it 
parents   irritating .
@siddharthn210 talk to my parents!  they think i'm too small..
I have to bath a bunch of kids....4 actually    with two of them toddlers its a load of fun, NOT
@astralrae i wish i could!! my parents don't allow it 
Now moving out of halls  I am nowhere near packed and my parents arrive very soon. #owned
Ugh I hate the rugrats all grown up 
@chekatileo my mums making me eat otherwise i can't go out 
I know somethings wrong when I don't sleep well 
  my parents left
the mexico tragedy... bless the children who perished 
waking to 6 kids screaming outside my bedroom window   i know now why some animals eat their young!!!
Just put the in-laws on the plane  Kids did well with their cousins and now have a lot of sleep to catch up on.
@Blocoholi you should see I'm signed up already. I thought we were talking about sonic youth? 
Getting ready to take my ass on a walk with my hubbie and the pups. No kids for 3 more weeks 
@justdresses Oh gosh... kids sometimes have nothing better to do than smash windows of shops.. our town has 99% boarded up from kids! 
so many kids are going to be on this flight  T minus 65 minutes
got woken up by little kids 
about to listen to music ! don't want to go back to my dads though 
@amf7  Parents suck.
@KristieMcNealy love it, mine used to eat the radishes too, now they won't touch them.  oh the joy of teenagers.
Stranded at spinx because moms truck won't start. 
is really struggling to be a good parent - they just won't listen to me and I'm getting proper stressed! 
I have 10min to get to my parents anniv dinner but I'm 30min away  http://myloc.me/2Wc1
Parents just left. 
This event is crazy they have so much to do for kids and so many give aways but there is not 1 black kid or couple here  this bothers me
@CheesyLouisey my mums like that too. I makes me want to hide 
I'm sick  I'm losing the teenagers gig 
its so sad, and the kids have been through so much. 
@johncmayer ouch  hang on. be strong. we aren't our parents. our children...dunno if you have any...but...they aren't us either!
@karmachord indeed. you'd think the playground behaviour would go away, but actually the playground remains, and the kids get older 
this is really funny! these kids are so wack it's sad  LOL! give me my check so I can leave!!!!
@Jessicaveronica this is not cool for kids. 
@KitanaAsh I have 3 kids and 0 nerf guns. 
@PaulaFanx13 noo-ended up getting into a huge fight w/ my parents  lol
IAustin is wonderful but I  miss my kids. 
I think I am a bad parent, i really don't like going to the playground.  It bores me to tears. 
omfg :| new kids splitting after full service tour, this can't be possible 
Some ppl don't deserve to have kids 
@CorinnaHoffman ugh, I wish.  I have had worse breakouts in my 20's &amp;  30's than in my teens.  
being hated by my parents soooooooooooo much!!!!!!!!!!! 
I cant sleep  i want to vote! but i cant  damn parents!
I miss my primary kids. 
@xMyrthe no I'm not, usually I do with my parents and with carnaval but this time my parents have to work around christmas so we can't go 
@shelliwazzu good haven't told the kids yet. They don't pay them attention, alittle worried they will  but its best for the geckos
It seems that my parents are definitely going to split up, no doubt about it. 
NOOOOOOOOOO new kids on the block has been cancelled i was so excited 
kind of misses her parents already 
@crabbysister6 i'm jealous... i want to go outside because i'm getting fat but my parents are busy. 
emilly vs the parents.. (iphone debate) parents-1 emilly-0 
@bridd Indeed! Trouble is, if your fridge inspection came up wrong, you'd get a H&amp;S lesson, not have your kids removed. 
was the only kid at the recital with no parents 
Off to work woop woop. Children getting shots today... that's going to be sad 
@DeadlyD0ll  are your parents there? I hope they're ok!
@tomasekeli I agree...kids get so sad when they're sick. 
@POWERSJR that can't be true...they cannot have two bullies!! Not fair at all 
Funpark tomorrow, whee. 'Cept we're going with the neighbour kids. Too many children 
@bobbyllew i really wanted to go to the red dwarf convenion but my parents wouldn't let me because of exams 
@bobbyllew: i really wanted to go to the red dwarf convenion but my parents wouldn't let me because of exams 
@NaiveLondonGirl will be a nice surprise for him when he gets back...tho I feel bad for his wife n kids 
Its 10:30 and I'm already annoyed with the kids. 
picked up a few bags o chips. The kids aren't here 
24 children + 3 members of staff +1 playing field = huge headache 
is round my mums and still wishes it was saturaday again 
got home from dads, painted the girls nails, rode in dads cobra w/nikki (corvette was better) glad my computer is fixed (yay james)  memaw
bored at moms work!!!!! 
at workk  they switched me to the older kids. i miss my kindergartenerss 
So tired .. moms woke me up 
ohgosh  seniors leaving. boohooo.
Discouraging: attended a school picnic; 400 plastic water bottles; no recycling provided; some example to set for kids! 
Hopes my dads okay 
@Leprakans nope to the library - no kids room 
@unmarketing my parents didn't have a basement for me to live in 
i keep dreaming about people throwing jars of peanut butter at me...I'm sure some mums don't like to be told what to feed kids for lunch 
It seems that children also stare incessently when i play on playgrounds. im hurt. 
going to my grandmas to garden, SO not happy. 
@adobebrowserlab blimey! That was quick. I go to put the kids to bed and you opened and closed access. UKTIME. 
why do little kids have a monopoly on the playgrounds? They were hogging the swings, so I had to go. 
@Andiereid thanks sweets, when my little sis is struggling, its like one of my kids struggling 
has to facilitate a parent orientation and apparently it wants to rain 
Hates when parents are home while your watching their kids 
Is absolutely disgusted with the parents of daija weaver!! How could anyone tie their child to a sand bag and drop them into a lake?! 
so sad to have to change pediatricians after 9 years (the kids' whole lives).   
My kiddies are gone to visit their grandparents... I'm lonely  It's so quiet &amp; boring with them gone
Going to walmart with the kids to get dogfood! Between the food the kids eat and the dogs its no wonder I'm broke! 
@LifeScript some of us dont have or fathers in or lives 
My parents think I take drugs 
I'm really sad 'cause my parents are in a fight. 
Children screaming at top of lungs on the bus = not ok for my still wretched condition. 
Wow. Kids are really fucking stupid sometimes. That poor puppy.  http://bit.ly/6mYS3
Parents STILL haven't some back from the hospital. I think Ineed to watch some @swiftkaratechop to make me feel better. 
@bonnied16 u make me sick!!  I'm like 2 of you!  and you have 4 kids!!! ugh... 
teaching little brother to hide the his gameboy when parents come. w r suppose to Be sleeping. sheesh yes I have a bedtime. haha 
tortured little kid today whose mandibular distractor was partially dislodged... and needed to come off. i hate making kids cry 
Watching &quot;I'm a celebrity get me out of here&quot; with my parents. Not the same without speidi 
I am SO tierd of all the neighborhood kids. I need some that are my age and are NOT annnoying!! 
watching fairly odd parents and trying not to vomit  (had too much pizza)
@zuzuhaha Dinophobia is a pretty good fear to have, since you'll (probably) never encounter one.  I however fear children in subway cars 
http://bit.ly/nRaXf  Extremists buying children to use as bombers #tcot NOOOoooo. 
I miss culinary kids. 
Wishing I could do somethings differently 
Drinking alone at your parents house is no fun. 
is passing out. child development final in the a.m 
@lthrmouthlvs lol yeah it's so stooopid.  mothers don't make sense.
 its too early to be looking after primary seven kids
You ever just wish you could take go back to being a child with no responsibilities or problems beyond school? Being an adult is no fun.  
#haveyouever ended a good relationship because of your parents? I have 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr why do kids wake up before ur ready to 
@DigiGifts I feels left out  I can't whinge about them like the other kids can hehe
my mums has made put lightsabres away 
@_rachaelll I would! but if we want to stay in fionas hut then (my mums already not decide on that) I'll have to pick 
Emmiiillly and emmmma are bullies to mee 
so sad theyre not my classmates. 
Trying to wrestle tired kids from telly so we can go to playground. TV is such a pervasive and hypnotic drug 
101.1  waiting for nurse to call back.  I hate it more than anything when my kids are sick!
back from the framers and lunch with mums and dads. no matter how resonable framing prices are it's always going to be too much 
so so tired. have slept most of today. have to now get dressed and pick up kids. mum came down to do essential shopping. have to drive 
@hnrxmcrlover  I can't  my moms not letting us get anymore animals...
@Popsyorl yeah.. but i dont think i can yet... my parents are gone out and i think im meant to make dinner 
its so weird with out the seniors.... 
@MushroomChannel I didn't mention that my kids didn't actually eat this.  
It makes me so sad because people do drugs, and parents don't do anything to stop their kids from doing it 
It makes me so sad because people do drugs, and some parents don't do anything to stop their kids from doing it 
J is getting anxious cuzz his parents arent here yet. We were going to meet them at 11. He is worried somethings wrong 
why they cant talk together? divorced parents are the most awful thing of the world  @mileycyrus wanna have so great parents like yours!!
@MissDMW and booooo its only with the older kids and I like the younger kids  but this girl rite here need the $
@CourtneyHawke  my kids want to visit u again.  I wish we could move soon
my kids won't play outside because it's too hot.  It's only near 100 degrees, come on!
My parents are fucking screaming at eachother. 
i really wanted to talk to this kid today and make him my friend, but i guess asian kids are just too cool for me 
@pamtimmie4david I've been the opposite. I had the experience, couldn't get my kids to stick with it. ~son was gr8 at trumpet,too 
@lizconno aw well that's not good. It's always the kids that suffer 
I'm mad at my parents because they forget about me sometimes. 
y do i have to suffer from boredom during vacation!!! uugghhh....this is y i h8 being an only child.....  -__-
Dealing with kids bullying my toddler    is it karate time?
Why are kids' toys much better now when I'm too old to play with them? 
No cheesecake for me tonight. All 3 kids are screaming. I just wish they would go to sleep. 
 grieving 4 a fam n our community whose 2 kids died after playing hide &amp; seek &amp; getting stuck n a car trunk.  Parents-watch ur babies!
@lifebystereo You should have told the kid's parents that their kid is a dick. 
@elise_marie94 me too! but my parents stay up lateeee 
One of the kids in my class lost his dad today  the kid is only 3 
@oneshadegray vbs and rowdy kids make me tired and cranky 
gots to go, starting to get in trouble with my parents 
  I hope the world gets better, for future generations. For our children and our childrens children. I hope the world can last as well.
My poor boys are sick...It's horrible seeing your kids suffer &amp; not being able to make them feel better instantly 
All the kids and I are sick... sigh... no good. 
allergy = no fun   i miss my turtles and boys. :'(
@barrysaunders You know not all mothers are good mothers, sad but true 
all the seniors are graduated 
Parents just left 
From my parents workings out Dads retirement stuff will probably just cover our food bills not the rest. I want to move out even more now 
I hate saying goodbye to my parents...  its never easy.
can't have this around the kids. makes me sad 
@olivers yeh but have to consider my parents are up there and not many investment banks in the middle of nowhere for me to contract for 
@adolescents I wish I was 
@djuanna I'm hiding in a corner.I got so happy the kids aren't here I've been really living it up.  I'm going to get my submission to you
One of my kids ran away! 
@seanwalberg i've tried to tell women that i just want to practice making kids so that i'll be good at the real thing. they don't buy it 
agh i hate being a buddy  the kids are so frustrating and evil x
2 kids at work have lice.  I will quit if I get it!
@SaveTheRamen I knoww. and there's, what? 9 kids? That's 9 kids who just lost their mother. tell me how that is possibly fair. 
@gflores5261 how's your son?  my kids have had a few teeth pulled too, I feel so bad for them 
just got done tanning. going to grandmas later for an epic sleepover! wow my summers boring 
Best friend says - I'm telling my kids not to have kids by roughly 2070 the planet will be too polluted for them to survive. 
@timidheathen i'm not that bothered about what i actually get, i'm worried about what my parents will say 
Going to dads. Parents are divorced 
@sweetu4ria my kids r uncoordinated in the sports dept 
@memoriesbymicha They won't give me the kids records! I just wanted to know their heights &amp; weights for their baby books 
Commuting again!   then picking up kids.
@ddlovato when are you heading to? I wIsh i could have seen your concert in madrid but my parents didn't ket me go 
@tidesandclouds blame my parents  the earliest i'm even allowed to think about moving is december and there are ~requirements
sis and kids r wet n cold at hershey 
Still can't believe I'm leaving my grandmothers... 
Two toddlers transitioning into different daycare rooms = extreme crabbiness @ home 
All seniors are elk. And i wil miss them 
@attitudecandy I know..I wish I could! But I wouldn't even think about asking administration about posting the kids on the internet. 
at home getting the kids ready for school, kids in the neighborhood are trying to steal my puppies 
@mayapeep  ALL of my grandparents were living til just a few years ago. Now I'm down to my 2 grandmas.
i hate video chatting with my parents. it makes me homesick 
youth was fun,  but he disappointed me 
Needs some social adult time...to much time here with children... 
I've missed so much tonight...dang it!!! had to put kids to bed  #wefitfamilies#fitfam
Couldn't stay at my cousins so my moms advice to me...take an ambien...  about ready to finally move out. Never screamed so loud in my ...
fitness? how about walking 6km to get a bottle of water...to get to school? like millions of children in the developing countries  shame!
@amandacadams dont worry i dont have one anymore  my moms bf said i cant keep her im so upset i got attached.
Is beyond bummed that i had to leave youth early 
Our last customer at work was a snob with kids. Treated us workers like jerks in front of her kids and built them up by putting us down. 
just got up to say bye to parents and now can't sleep 
2 cases of food poisoning in dubai claiming the lives of 3 kids 
@One_StepCloser cos her parents turned it off 
is gettin the kids ready for daycare amd myself for work 
parents and grandparents left early this morning... 
I actually saw a very gorgeous shoes at the mall. But because of the kids, I can't buy them 
I like childhood games, but my parents doesn't, so we can't play tgt as a family 
@Konstpaus haha no, unfortunately not  still there's lots of greenery, and THREE barbecues (my parents are mad LOL) XD
@andrerib It's sad to see my younger siblings not develop'ng like I did 10+ yrs ago! It's like school makes them &quot;less inteligent&quot; lately 
Just dropped off Koalie at the babysitters. Now i got to go to work 
@kleinjinx ahhh I've to wait ...  and btw. have fun withe your parents.
My parents are arguing. 
Annoying children singing on the bus 
@dukewysocki, i know youll understand this, i cant stop thinking about my grandparents  im getting married and i just want them around 
Ugh i miss my grandparents so much. This isnt fair 
@MissShuganah broken families, high illegitimacy rates correlate well with fucked-up neighborhoods, schools, and cycles of dependancy 
@AmyLouSFA both the kiddos are sleeping 
talking about it...  really want to.  but... my kids..... sigh  they couldn't handle that quick major a change...
talking about it... sorta joking... mostly serious...  but my kids couldn't handle such a fast, serious change... 
@usweekly i hope #JONANDKATE don't divorce! It's so sad for those kids!!! 
@Ydpn all my kids are too young. 
My parents say that I'm lazy 
ughh the jenness kids are at kids klub today &amp;&amp; its raining ridiculously  i hate yucky days like this.
it's crazy how fast kids grow up im taking my baby cousin shopping now and she is all adult like awww makes me feel old now 
My parents really suck!!!!! I can never win! 
...global warming awareness! for our kids 
I told the kids to guess my age. They said i look thirteen.   do i really?
This is Ridiclous!!  @upi_top L.A. mulls paying parents to tend kids http://www.upi.com/turl-137134/
@thayes82 I don't actually get to watch it  bc these kids are crazy!
@thatdamnrepo You got kids? 
http://twitpic.com/7quoy - one of the cutest and most active kids in america LOL i miss my nieces  cant wait to see them!
@AHASanderson i know  and my parents wont give me a definite answer! 
I'm really mad. I really don't like my parents 
Missing my parents... 
@aamirica you are so lucky. i get muscle cramps from chasing kids tonight 
@awesomeful  i'm sorry. ugh parents can be so ridiculous sometimes.
this is why I don't have kids. I've killed 90% of the plants I've owned and now I can't even take proper care of my twitter 
@catherineebro i wish i could go, but my parents said no. 
@DonnaAstern husband's job.  if it weren't for that, we'd be there. my husband and kids love it there too.
Feeling the urge to listen LVATT at 10:13. (: I can't though, because I suspect that it'll irritate my parents &amp; even my neighbours. 
lying in bed at mums house feeling so sick 
@RainBowProject I'm red as a lobster and so are the kids. 
#inaperfectworld... i could step outside without makeup and it wouldn't scare little kids 
@candimandi I have crazy teen pothead neighbors...i understand. 
@GiulianaRancic what's going to happen to the kids?! That's horrible 
@LGoulding WHAT!!!??  @roxycross - is it true?? You got to hang with ALL the cool kids?? *off to cry myself to sleep* 
wow 67 and counting... I'm starting to feel bad for her and I don't even got no kids 
I hate being compared to other kids.  
@hilaryfreya I feel you. I'm 36, fat, and no children 
http://twitpic.com/7ryox - i am already missing the kids 
@ssssshora Aww  if only my parents weren't so strict 
@ninenewts i changed chairs too quickly and just lost the ability to have children... 
#inaperfectworld, this could never happen. #inaperfectworld you'd still be here. This tweet makes me miss my Grand Parents even more 
somethings wrong..  i need @twistud to talk to.
When i was walking in the street, i saw some kids taking rugby... eowwwww! 
@Orchidflower sounds just like my mum - she got some very good carers but some terrible ones too - some were very nasty to her - so hard 
Mixing long waiting times, crouded spaces, children and their parents with no patience is not a good idea 
@princessimmie i don't know  &amp; she probably does, meaning that my dad &amp; i probably have it &amp; i might have given it to people at school -_-
@khaybe  Kids are stupid! don't let them get to you.
@moms_nite_out I hate it when that happens 
is i want my parent back to me  http://plurk.com/p/127b73
@JESmakeup from my kids, I can barely move and I have my 3 y/o and 5 y/o both sick  I want my mom lol
watching your children grow up is so hard. 
lexi slept in too long and missed playing on the waterslide at daycare. i feel like a bad mommy. 
one wonders why peepsinsist on bringing squealling kids on the quiet carriage 
I miss my childhood 
Already miss my kids. 
@heyheymichelle I used to do it using ryans moms needles and then she took them back!! 
@ohyeahjessica same here  bipolar kids we are.
Finally made it to dallas..going to try and have fun w my kids while thinking of my dad. 
my parents think i'm stupid 
@sam_eng @kaitlo @ torhart i cant hang my parents are on storm duty so i have to babysit! 
My cousin( who is a struggling artist) just called for $. his paintings r not selling!  tryn to make extra money 2 send kids 2 college!
@LaYen lol i txt'd with her - she seems to be just fine, but I guess one of the kids has it now.  How was your birthday otherwise?
http://bit.ly/znbL1 #family #children #kids #ReturnJosh #northcarolina #parentalrights   injustice here,  too 
@LimitlessDepth The kids lose out - too bad 
http://twitpic.com/7u2r7 - The robin fledgling keeps returning to same branch; calls to parents for awhile then flies away. 
dreading work tomorrow and sunday  booooo. I hate kids parties, and kids in general! haha x
wonders who else will admit they have more tolerance for cute bad kids than ugly bad kids? it's not anything to gloat about tho! 
fathers day always brings me down. 
@djalleycat Teens have that wierd &quot;it's always ok to drink&quot; attitude that does nothing to give us a better image in the eyes of society 
What the fuck why did i get 2 fucking report cards? Doesnt make any sense...parents saw this one 
stay together for the kids is such a sad song 
Relationships r over rated she cheated on me n got pregnant LOL I can't have kids  WTF how do I tell her?
is not happy her hubby took the kids out in this storm while she works 
why do my parents make shit so hard, i can't go to the park 
@iamjonathancook and @djknucklehead, you are acting like children. 
 it rained so i couldn't do the k's for kids (n)
@davidpagett parents wouldn't give me a ride 
@JadeSharde I've had 3 children, and have never seen the miracle of childbirth 
I really hate how my parents compare me to their friend's kids 
@roccoman awww i sorry. it stink when human parents leave.  even if there are pet sitters!
@MomSpark  I think they would want that paycheck still coming in...so I guess we get to see eight children go through divorce 
Home alone, don't know where my parents are.  I don't like being alone 
@prettyrach I'm sleeping on my moms couch too 
but with no kids  boooring.
Why do I have little to no wifi at my dads house? 
Dads in the hospial.... I have everything under control. 
its sucks that I can't sleep and I miss my kids, they're at their dads for the weekend 
Aw  my dads face is swollen 
I saw three obese kids today  Americans are so unhealthy...
@jmbisbee bad=understatement.  I think i'm going to have to move back in with my parents for awhile.  bad=totally awful
I love my parents, we went thru rocky times and I forgot that I loved them  but they took better care of me than I can understand
@EmmyMilan my dads in the bay so i wont get to see him 
is looking after 2 kids and we're all full of cold 
I just woke up at 7:30 n my parents are no where to be seen,Dads at work, but where is my mum?this is weird, her bag and phone still here 
is deprived of her youth 
@fashion_retweet and my parents are not being very supportive and positive about it 
@OneLuvGurl good morning, yep, been up since 7  taking kids camping over on my field, like military operation trying to get ready lol
I wasn`t able to play with the kids `cause they went to the court when I was asleep. 
@ukdivorce I don;t know if we are going now, since I typed that the kids have not moved from the TV  I may have to drag them out
@EddNG no, daughter unwell  so unable to take kids out
I want to have kids. I *love* children. But I'm terrified of being a bad parent. Either that, or that my kid will be as bad as I was. 
@trixietia no. my parents don't want me to 
I hate living next to a play scheme stupid fucking kids!  feel for me!!
I'm tired, stresed and annoyed with my parents 
missing my kids while they are on vacation 
Headed to the museum with 3 kiddos, yelle, toubab, and the new pornagraphers... And a few thousand slow driving cubs fans 
my parents made me delete my myspace.  gay
@butterflys_dust well married with two kids loses hotness factor 
Up and hating it...going back to sleep as soon as my parents leave...god I hurt  drunk stupid bitches suck!!
i hate when my parents dont leave me money  wtf am i suppose to eat now..
@FrugaliciousMom have you talked to their parents? Although some parents don't care! 
visiting parents! still kind of feeling the migraine 
Is so hungry, but parents are downstairs 
@bakeri666 they make nice babies, agreed! But adults are boring 
I can't believe my parents ae going out instead of me 
2 kids parties down, 2 more next weekend! If only my social life was half as good as my childrens   
@naughtylilady4u sorry probably should have used the word interrupted lol kids have a habit of doing just that and they DID 
@tinymel96 both my grandfathers passed away when I was little.  makes me feel sad for my parents. 
all these couples makes me miss u more 
At the 4h auction....crying kids 
Doesn't want to leave the kids already 
i need foood  who wants to feed me? im starving, parents wont feed me 
Just got back from dinner at pete's parents house.  I miss my parents 
Trying to wacth Les invincibles... but of course the kids aren't asleep 
@stoner_stuff I wish! I'm visiting the parents n they aren't smokers 
The kids just left. We watched another movie but its very bittersweet 2 think of them all as sophomores  . . .
god i wish my parents just stayed in texas and had me there instead of moving up here to chicago 
i hate it when my kids hurt 
@MarDeck I don't think the bill would help those children  But the bill could tear apart innocent families without any just cause.
I hope i could have a tattoo soon  really wish to have a tattoo but seems like my parent are disagree 
misses her daycare kids 
parents are fighting again... 
I hate letting little kids borrow my crayons 
@mhall214 we sound like depressed children... 
it may be mean but I want to wipe all the kids that reside in my neighbor hood out (i wont) but want to they make me not like kids 
@leetmarie  do it for the kids.
@Notorious_JIZ she's not getting the best grades @ gds, her parents think she'd be doing better somewhere else. 
if i could have my old school toys back, i would want polly pockets &amp; furby  i miss those toys!
Just went for walk along beach with the family and ended up getting caught in a storm. Two very wet parents, two very scared daughters 
aww. i miss my parents 
its really embarrassing to have to ask the parents for $$$!!! i WANT a job!!! this economy is not friendly to teens not to mention adults 
happy fathers day to anyone in the armed forces who can't be with there kids, or anyone that won't see there children today 
happy fathers day to anyone in the armed forces who can't be with their kids, or to anyone that won't see their kids today 
It's finally hit me...no. I mean somethings literally hit me in the balls. 
It is so hard to c happy couples n b the single one 
It's now fathers day too bad I don't have a dad 
 @squarespace it's now fathers day and you haven't picked me...yet. I kind of want to incessantly bother you...#squarespace
@MelFresh27  how old the kids? maybe they'll want to learn? x
Another weekend over  making picklets for kids lunchboxes 2morrow.
yay back at me dads, lol...my bodys decided to make me ill thou 
@ChiefFin you're welcome! i know it must suck for you tiday not being able to be with yr kids...  ((big hug))
Why is it when i have 3 adult kids and 2 grand kids, i still get my fathers day card bought and written my my wife?? 
why fathers day 
take that : said it all- whatt a tune, my parents are away to see them in glasgow 
@balaji_a I have no idea my friend  It pains me so that so many innocent kids (especially), are used as pawns in geopolitical games! 
At dads... Going out to breakfast soon... Just don't know when 
@lartist No, they still make it, but it's only for 2 and up. A couple of kids died and they upped it, I think 
fathers day with my not father...sweet 
fathers day tends 2 make me sad. if only he loved me as much as i tried 2 love him 
remember my parents 
Getting ready, going to the cemetary to redecorate my dads, then to the farm. ily daddy 
@stukes yes a bedtime it sucks when the kids get to sleep and I don't  how was the cosmic blackbirds show friday?
I don't have parents, they forgot about me 
Taking the kids back 
@dubteedub only if you intend for me to be murdered by my parents and not sent to college 
I need to go home now. I'm seriously over this whole taking care of three kids thing. I'm tired. 
Just saw it good lookin out! Lol 2 bad I don't have kids 
@angelakussman  sadly, that would not be the dad that my kids have 
I wish I had a dad growing up  sometimes I get jealous of my children because they've got what I wanted as a child.
i act like such a dick to my parents :| i don't even mean to 
I'm now at my parents and didn't get told my grandparents would be here 
Too many sad tweets about missing fathers.  Hugs to you all. I don't know my biological father, he took off around age 2.
@omgitismanda and then were going swimming at dads after my uncles place I guess.. 
 dads in the hosptal (stupid bees)
Is moving into a pineapple under the sea. Where the kids I babysit will never be able to find me 
Why is that moms can never make time for their kids? 
@CathyZielske i am sad for families that fall apart, but even more sad for kids who get taken down with the parents.  poor kids. 
@chelseasms aw  parents just don't get it. It's like someone made them forget what it's like to be a teenager.
@casiestewart no daycare 
still at my moms   
all this unrest everywhere makes me want to take my children and hide in the mountains.......i'm sure they would find us though.. 
jon and kate filed for divorce  i wished them better, i hate to see the kids go through this
sad jon and kate are getting a divorce   i feel awful for the kids!
Seven geese survived capture, 4 adults &amp; 3 teens. Two separate families. Geese mate for life, so one couple has been split up, forever. 
Kids toys &amp; stamping stuff cleaned up... Next: Kids room, kitchen, kitchen &amp; coffee tables &amp; MORE laundry! 
is sad about jon and kate  i was hoping they could work it out...if they divvy up the kids i want aaden!
hmm still sick this isn't cool the doctor asked my parents if they could return me? 
@emalltimelow I am indeed lurking. Really sorry I can't join  Parents haven't approved me for stickam posting yet.
@kikofbaby fuck i still have my original iPhone  lol, and have fun beating kids with dodgeballs! where do you work that allows this?! haha
@katjrobertson Those kids r gonna suffer (on camera) so much 4 their parents mistakes. All we can do is keep them in our prayers. 
i envy the other prs members cause they get to go to pusat ehsan and berakas forest reserve.why are my parents evil to me? 
jon and kate's poor kids.  i was watching jk+8 earlier, and the kids are
@msgooch2005 I concur  I hope it doesn't ruin the kids' lives, they're so precious.
Watching jon and kate. Makes me sad for the kids 
i really miss the kids 
Now there is a montage of the kids growing up. 
jon and kate are making me cry  i don't want them to separate. i feel so sorry for the kids, they don't deserve this!!
those poor kids 
my parents dont trust me 
I wonder how they broke it to the kids? 
they finally announced it  poor kids.
;; jon and kate shouldn't separate  poor kids! I blame media!
jon and kate are getting a divorce  i feel horrible for those little children.
those poor kids 
I just finished watching jon and kate +8. .. i feel so bad for kate and the kids 
@_stephanieeee yep it's all they care about pretty much. poor kids 
and kate having to care for all those kids, and jon with all that negative attention 
@karleigh yeah, i agree. i feel so bad for their children, they're so adorable, and they totally don't deserve this. 
@jonandkate8fan no...divorce is hardly ever good for the children involved 
@TNgirl76 yep, I was hoping they would fix their relationship for the kids! but I guess not 
@kctang irresponsible parent who make all these!! 
Today the kids are out of school for summer, but when will summer  be out for the kids??  We are gonna float away from all this rain 
@MeagaNerd im srry  my parents r makin me go to the store with them :|. Lol
my dads riding in this, i knew i should have gone with him 
How can two ppl split when they have 8 KIDS!!!!!!  poor kids...
@djmobeatz I used to love the star southfield but they are just letting it go...  It's like the owners retired and let the kids run it.
Wow--those poor kids 
@bellabel73 no...i was so excited to hang out with those kids too!!! something came up and they ended up not going 
UGH! About to babysit these bad kids 
ironing done, bills paid, kids asleep and energy left to scrapbook  - off to blog and then bed.
@selenagomez I love jon and kate plus 8 too!!!! the kids are so cute. its so sad that theyre getting divorce! 
@caituhhthedino i bet! But my parents are gay and never take me out 
@RobbieBonham tough  i get the blind ones.. not fun.. especially when driving 4 kids to school!! thanks for the cake tips LOL
No sales     Kids r enjoying the summer off.
i feel terrible for all eight of those adorable gosselin children 
Parents are back..my nightly fun is over 
@zara19 I tried convincing my parents but it was no good. They don't want me to have a pet 
@mbrowniee aw regaurdless of that I'm stull jealous that you get to work with kids 
I felt awk, I didn't know those kids   if you normally are in an epic chat I'll go live if you wish ;)
@nmcgivney missed you in the playground this evening. none of the other kids would play with my tweets! 
sitting in my moms room, being bored....but not wanting to be alone....  
@mmatmRed  parents don't care is so sad . . .
wow... my parents just split up 
alone with two kids...and cold sheets 
Wishes her parents didnt hate her so that she could be at transformers with her boy  and her friends too of course
Actually, its more likely that I have to pay for taxes - I need to have me some kids.  Yups, the way to go; have kids for tax purposes.
*shudders* the kids quiz is scary 
I'M wondering if jordan's wife and kids maybe are on the bus with him and thats why he's not tweeting lately? miss him 
@cfierce i know cesar. i just saw that tooo. and they're only letting kids kill them 
if u ever thought u had it bad, imagine life without ur siblings...my heart goes out to any child in foster care 
@openhappiness Its a kids show that got cancelled 
Children laugh 400 times a day, while adults laugh on average 15 times a day...that's sad 
@annajaaane you're so lucky! i wanted to go soo badly but i got into a fight with my parents 
Yet another test the children far to much pressure on kids testing now days where the whole learn through play gone 
The Kids video seriously freaks me out 
I hate it when my parents treat me like a vulnerable little kid who needs naps to stay alive.  If only I could tell them that.
@boriing Aw really?  I think my parents are leaning towards the sciences. I don't know what I'm going to do! So stressed out about it.
@hellofridays her parents go honeymoon..i got tell you right? LOL. wah stupid headache cannot concentrate and do ISPLs 
@cassandroar parental guidance then haha so bored 
@lolidots Our thoughts exactly - it didn't add to the movie, and made the parents of the 5-10 year olds uncomfortable 
@queenzee_ent i had a ruffffff childhood!! 
Both my grandparents on my fathers side passed today. At least they went together 
My kids seem to think that since we took the trampoline down their beds make a gr8 alternative 
@PegasusAngel was trying to arrange going to see Transformers 2 with some cousins but no one wants to go  might go 4 meal with parents
Finished accompanying, hoping that parents come to pick them up soon, or else I'll not make evensong 
Parents evening soon  not good
@judis217 haha exactly!! I bet his kids are looking at him strangely these days  awful example to set for kids
I'm a horribly irresponsible person worthy of no ones help. Not even my parents.I feel overwhelmed 
@mosrite69 When mothers decides it's ok , then violence against unborn  children is  fine.  But you said it was alway wrong 
hopes i get to go to memphis!!!!! but my parents are tryin to be complekated !!!!  
So much for taking the kids to the park! it's cloudy out and i don't want the baby to get rained on 
@theragingocean BonJour Spacecowboy,I wish I was either of it .I work with Kids, can go out whenever I want and go wherever I want to 
I personally feel that the school needs to be a little more helpful to innocent kids like us. 
@babysitterdirec I was one of 5 kids  We didn't go on many holidays; there was too much to organize lol!
@TinkerDel I'm getting my son and god kids over to bake a cake....my sister might have a easter hunt for the kids 
watching a family movie with the kids - precious 
awake, gotten the kids to kindergarten and starting to program, yet again 
Getting ready to take kids to the farm 
@_pants_ You should do children's books. 
Children are like sponges, they soak up all the love you give but with just one squeeze you get it all back  xx.
getting ready to go babysit my favorite kids  YAY!!!
@jyl_MomIF LoL today any woman who can handle 7 kids inspires me  #inspire
@2moms1coolstore... need to talk to you! 
@georgienba Thanks for joining! I look forward to seeing you around Blogging Parents! 
@shrnclrk  I've just bullied my older children to get up with me, I think they only have because I promise a dip in the spa this morning
i love ashton kutcher!!!!!!! but i love my kids more!!!!    aarrggghh still at 6! waiting waiting waiting for ashton.
@sdalchemist Congrats  Now you welcome to the cook kids club ;)
@DebDoyle at least it was only 3 kids and you didn't offer to take too many more 
My parents cried when they saw me. Aweee they say I look beautifullllllllll 
@asimsoofi very cute  its so funny how dads are like that.
@danielradcliffe whoops and forgot to add a hero to tweens, teens and adults who grew up with and have dyspraxia too!  
@kanahina bring a chair, eat, take the kids swimming 
@shelliwazzu  HAHA... so you dont wake  your children I take it.. ;) i am pretty damn funny. 
I also discovered that despite my constant dislike of most children I'm actually really good with them! They love me! Who wouldn't? 
@trekkerguy not since I still have to look after my kids and clean my own house everyday  LOL
@ENUWBE you going with or she just taking the kids 
@gfalcone601 You're right! The kids are really crazy! But it's funny to watch it, right?  xx
of to sacc. meet my parents 
Going to a fleemarket with wife and kids - sundays can be loooong if doing nothing.. 
@iainlee go and watch monsters vs aliens vv funny just got back from watching it with my kids 
my mommas making me egggss 
going to the worlds most southernistttt townn to visit my grandparents todayyy! 
@yadikeith yum! I cheated and fed my kids eggos. 
@Trish1981 if you can't laugh at your parents, what are kids for then? i get it all the time from mine 
Just getting kids a chippie for their t 
it's funny how children accept falsehood of their beliefs, whereas adults don't 
@btazzi agree - every gen gets new toys that may somehow do something bad to their kids.. 
@alfcreations A rare occurrence, I am sure!  I had twins so I understand...of coursse they re teens now...
Cleaning my parents trucks, for a quick 100 bucks! Sounds sexy to me! 
@ephi22 having your parents there! 
@leewaters Maybe I'll start talking to myself too, since all the cool kids are doing it. 
I make some pretty legit tots 
@DominicScott haha...are you going with your parents 
@PrettySprinkles Do they still have playschool? I loved playschool when I was little 
@trinaxxl @n2bev lol why cant kids be more open minded 
@Badzilla sweet. I'm like that but with two kids, so actually it means poor! 
i'm a filthy youth 
@southwestboaz aww...there's a little kid inside of us all..lol adults are just big kids that have to pay bills... 
@Hapson you are motivating me to teach my kids to talk asap. 
laughing at/with my kids. I love being a teacher! 
@melkettle Sounds so appealing as I listen to 2 crying children 
is glad to be home, cranking forever the sickest kids yeahhh boii 
Hey the hubby @moonfrye:  kids are very good at putting us back in our place like that!!  
@TNmomwith3kids I think we a craft addicts!  but it's all good!
feeling so blessed looking back @ my desperation over maybe never havin kids &amp; now im mum 2 twins &amp; they R so incredible beautiful angels 
another kiddie disco to work at tonight [: some of the primary kids are so cute 
@momtomadi maybe I should trash talk the kids, I'm totally crying listening to the adoption stories. I've given up on sleep 
@vickybonnett haha...its not so bad! actually, its the elem kids that I'm afraid of!  what grade do you teach??
@smilinggal well it's the best thing to happen to me to be with my parents...everything on my desk 
@blottedcopybook Ah! you spotted how useful littlies can be... 
a mother is working out in the playground while her kids are playing with eachother, no excuse not to work out 
spy kids is on  thanks for the homemad pizza j9
@_OHMYJONAS ahaa. seriously, you should watch spy kids! it's awesome 
@manolosavi so all the kids are meeting at the mall as to not spread the influenza right? 
haha! we appreciate that  @85lives: @ktdv1 It's what we do for chicks we dig
Now we have been out in the lovely weather and walking, so nice and kids got to play at a playground aswell 
lol I was so happy and kinda jump around and my parents looked at me like i'm totally crazy 
.... shower, bank and then - pick up my kids! 
@miemoface We're the cool kids 
playin w/ the kids. 
getting ready to go to my dads 
@freaksoldier  It would be just for his own good  You know, I would like to protect him from all the teens  He is so defenceless)
@rebeccamcgrath thank you! And i have bostin children 
@mmozingo i just beat kids  LOL just kidding...i love my kids!!
@Domness so did you enjoy the little kids slapping your arse ;) shh the fairs amazinng thankyou 
@desilvat @Triplebeamsheme ha, i spend too much time with the kiddies, i need adult interaction 
I am sitting in a locked and secure building watching children drool. 
@sushiday I think kids might dislike them because they are on the bitter side, and kids a bit sensitive to that. But they're awesome 
@misuzette....i needed to hear that too..thanks and see u soon  U know I love me some of your tilopi..remind me of my moms cooking..
@matthickey I'm at your moms, should be finished in 10. I keed 
my wife &amp; kids 
hailing on our stage and the kids are still going hard 
@chwalters my kids love it 
@rooreynolds wait til you have kids. 7am becomes a lie in!! 
The dishwasher will be empty when my parents return. Additionally I will be gone by then. What a surprise 
@sweynh ...used to live in staines there was no kids parade round heathrow 
The kids are utterly beautiful and completely charming - which they obviously get from their mum. I do hope they take me on 
Just made some crafts with the kiddies! 
Children are such blessings 
@jeneeic3 It's terrible! Falls somewhere between laziness and uneducation. Just means that we as parents have to step in 
Anyone have any good tips on hanging pre-hung doors?  I am trying to save my children's ears.  
Not enough people staffing the nursery, so no nursery today. I kind of enjoyed having the kids around. Parents probably didn't. 
@ErinKylie the runaways are cooler  so is x23
@EvertB LOL sounds like my kids 
giggling with the kids watching afv 
bout to get the kiddos ready for bed 
just chillin w/ my sibs!!!! help me!!!!!!!!!! 
@mrskutcher all your kids stay with you? 
Reading bedtime stories to the kiddos 
forgive durden and now now every children were amazing. 
Missing my kids, especially my favorite! 
Just ordered mini rose bushes for the moms. 
off to pick up my daughters who appear to be picking up an unhealthy liking for primark...feel like a bad parent 
@jeffsgrippen i work in youth justice 
Recording an acoustic track! For you sexy kids! 
Watching 5 children and it.  i really should be studying. I'll start soon :[
@spudcomics wow thanks for saying that man! I'd love to illustrate children's books! 
@tonyalangford It was pretty cool. The kids *and* the adults had fun. 
@FeliciaSlattery Kids attacking your keyboard? 
@meldrum83 kids will not eat salad so they getting crisps only salad for me and mr can make his bloody own 
@corrykbythebay  Some peoples kids..
Thinking about my mother, and all the amazing mothers I know 
@bobrules94: haha i know  it was super easy too. i sat at the toy counter and gave kids what little toy they wanted with they're tickets.
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there 
@PlayForKeeps I made my parents add u guys on the family myspace...they were impressed by the song. 
@mrskutcher I agree... And child labour laws are so old and out dated. 
Calling all mothers, calling all mothers...get your butts to bed - the kids'll be here tomorrow 
@twebbstack haha &amp; you can tell your kids how I was the one who hooked youz up  lmao
so after church, i went to the mall with my parents, i got a new backpack that can fit all my schoolbooks AND my laptop 
At my parents, net is good  Enjoyin myself too.
mothers day drama was awesome! 
@hugslenali definitely, mothers are the best, I love mine dearly, you are up early 
going for a walk on the moor with my parents   xx
and wat up to the moms that birthed you twittheads bc without them i wouldve never been followed by you. 
mothers day 
happpyy mothers dayy!  mums are so wonderful&lt;3 i wish i was still sleeping, but whatever i suppose.
up for now. saw my parents yesterday and gave my mom a card 
@emmey they are such a fab bunch of kids - I'm really proud of them  (&amp; I *love* singing with them!!)
My kids rock! The mom's day presents were awesome 
#thankyouGod for all the mothers in the world who doesnt know how to cook salsa but will be willing to try for their children 
@clairecmc when you're in the 9th grade, EVERYTHING your parents do is embarrassing 
mothers dayyy! 
aaaw! my moms crying. She loved the mixed tape i gave her 
its mothers daaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyy. [listen to the blink song!] 
is watching the delightful arsenal kids 
mothers day 
mothers dayy 
Happyyy mommmyyyssss dayyyyy!!!! I'm so lucky to still have all my grandmas  
sickk workk.  then grammas with the fam [including carsonn] greatt.  but happy mothers dayy 
@richwilkersonjr 15 kids? That's really too much. She is a hero ! 
At my grandparent's. 
back from seminary graduation - it's awesome to have kids that are such great examples 
I took a serenade to my mom &amp;meet new people in the process so that was awesome , we also take the serenade to the other kids mothers 
@patmaine i went thereee todayyy tooo for mothers dayyyyyyy!!! 
@cheriejohnson75 who gets beat up by kids? only you  lol
Opening presents with my parents 
even though im on a strict diet my parents made me chicken  which i can eat yay!
@rustycharm that is true too!  But dad's usually don't cook like mums...
@judez_xo kewll  mums watchin telly but im recording it
@dennismons    &quot;We should -bleep- each other's mothers&quot;. ROLFLOLMAO
@MomTalkRadio I taught my kids to think for themselves mostly. I never wanted to raise sheeple. Both are teens now - so far so good 
At my parents house, sitting outside and using the internets.  
@donlemoncnn its me again! parents need to stop being so flexible when letting children out! mine are  makes me feel safe.
WOW. just wow. check ittt kids : textsfromlastnight.com  
@AshleeLuv rofl cancer children  *dances*
Thinking some &quot;kids&quot; are having just a little too much fun...and loving them grunches anyway!     @aliced217  @bostonstimmyv
@amanaka306 i made them with the kids i'm babysitting! 
@LoriMoreno when my parents saw me on the magazine 
Children make so much noise. Its not good. I can't wait to get home to get some sleep and lick Ryans face 
@wahliaodotcom i think before you have the kids, you have to find the daddy first. lols. 
Working on my mothers website. It's turning out pretty well I must say! 
trying to make the kids help with housework!!! There's always something else they have to do!! However, I am being very Victorian!! 
@khallwalker experience shows that sending the kids/partner to get some is the more successful alternative 
@funkymc we are in Kayhude at karos parents house and they do have a sauna 
hanging out with the kids!! luuuuv em! 
yay my parents have wlan 
&quot;well i knew you deff didnt want kids, i guess your more into raccoons&quot;  hehee
@TheDailyBlonde Kids should take priority!  We'll catch up!  No worries!! 
project managing my kids and father-in-law doing a garden project 
taking the kids fishing.  yaay
@Natazzz ha, i so remember when V came out. it was all us kids would talk about 
@lornidido haha why do they all do that? I used to carry on playing even once the kids had finished! 
The children's museum is the bessssst 
@keisha_buchanan it's sad for the children.....but you can't force love....but they might get together again. only god knows  Lilly xxx
@lukedavy your parents are very lucky 
Home with the kids  
@holly_Dougiemad i went to my grandmas  x
@feliciaday never get enough socialization 
I'm soo happy that my parents came to our homee!!! 
Parents anniversary. 
@krispycrunchx3 hmmm, i guess ill just get my parents to drive around and look for the buses, it shouldnt be too hard 
@LexaShmexa I mean with the kids after all! 
Going to put tea on for starving children...... 
@shaundiviney that is so lame! Who srsly gets their parents to send emails for them?! haha, how old are the kids?! we're not 5 anymore!  x
i love sitting behind these two kids (colin &amp; chris) on the bus! their conversations are priceless! 
@RatheeshP clearly u r not a parent 
my sister is in the canaries with her kids - its too bleeding quiet here without them - i miss the noise and the chaos - hurry back home 
@bekisbest sweet! i'll text you when the parents and such are out, and we can do something fun 
my preschool aged daughter just told me what she learned yesterday: &quot;when i share i care&quot;.  complete with motions.  
@findle kk safee.. ask your parents  btw are there any tickets left?
@StixSpaztic Makes you feel lucky to know that your parents knew what discipline is &amp; that you are not in trouble at a young age. 
http://twitpic.com/5ofz5 - children playing 'round the old fountain. 
good night all. i have a date with 2 great kids tomorrow to watch X-men 2. after work. i love my kids.. oh and wifey. 
i've done the payroll, now to dress the kids then getting the 'Plan' up and running! lol 
@ZEROGreenhouse Kids are in bed, fast asleep, recuperating from the wrath of mommy, LOL, they are good and sweet (i didn't tie 'em up) 
going to youth 
@Sairchip no kids everyday is how I'd like it 
@anca_foster who me? 
@billyraycyrus better yet...you and tish best parents award 2009 
@roofer_on_fire I'd like to think that I just improved lunch for many children and vegetarians.  I'm less edgy this way.  
@santinoemmanuel ill give you some when your parents aren't looking 
50 txt acronyms parents need to know  http://is.gd/C0v4
@goonerjamie you crack me up, I luv it! Reminds me of ME when my kids were little 
He met my parents! boy was i crapping myself. But it was awesome 
I keep thinking I am hearing voices, but then I realize I have kids 
If it weren't for my kids, I'd ... nevermind. 
@zate Zate, whats making our kids dummer is technology period, not social software  i say no to tech for kids until 18, then let them rip
parents are coming to visit me. 
@OkieKAS I can't wait... ! And my husband is fab with all the kids, so I'll have help 
@kmw122302 him,  don't know bout kids, his daughter is Antonys agae
@mollermarketing cool I should meet you sometime at the park with our families 
A familiar sight at my moms.   http://twitpic.com/5owls
@toasterb0t at least I've got afterschool to look forward to!  I can't wait 
choice of lifestyle, but this is not age appropriate for elementary school children. But, the article is from Foxnews, so its prolly fake 
Bahahaha look at what my moms wearing!   http://twitpic.com/5p1c1
feeling like the little old lady who lives in a shoe she has too many children she doesn't know what to do....LOL!!!!!!  
sitting all alone in gym cuz there is like 10 kids here....i wish nicole could come down 
watching my children play the wii while listening to izzie fuss 
i love when my parents arent here....walking around in whatever i want to is the best it, or should i say...whatever i dont want to 
@brendapaige  only lame kids get grounded :] what did you do? i &lt;3 youuu 
@adustyframe I think if your kids don't sometimes think you're overprotective, you are too lenient. 
Having lunch with les parents, gossiping about other relatives.hehehe of course in a good way! 
@MadameJanae no worries tho. I'm full of energy talking to this kids. I love it. 
@TiffAmberJones You know I am.  Too many kids. Affecting number of brain cells.
@poonsie2001 awww!!! how cute... i love when parents start them early. 
bout to watch fireproof  children's museum was awesome! but i almost died on the playground..
@DenaKofB And someday, my child, you shall learn to speak. 
@drcdiva no, just got all the kids to sleep, playing on my phone &amp; hanging with my doggie 
@mennard  I'm going to my parents to catch up on 24!
is going to youth 
a call out to mommies with toddlers! june 27 breastfeeding and beyond with attachment parenting lecture. interested? 
@tweetie silly wabbit short urls are for kids! 
@stevenabors forever the sickest kids. Definately my favorite band. 
If it weren't for my kids, I'd ... nevermind. 
@gabvirtualworld You sissy!  You have kids, you should be used to the details... LOL
@kattylenoir88 lol.that shows the shit  just turn to tv land right now married with children is hilraious.lol.
@BecThomasPhoto I'm older and on the web, I taught my kids (22 and 24) how to tweet 
