Most common words for this cluster:
[('kinda', 299), ('kind', 70), ('today', 34), ('sad', 28), ('home', 21), ('night', 21), ('work', 15), ('day', 14), ('tomorrow', 12), ('lol', 11), ('time', 11), ('school', 10)]





Word2vec space of related words:
[(u'Kinda', 0.9807276725769043), (u'Kind', 0.720068633556366), (u'kinda', 0.6626228094100952), (u'huh', 0.6312076449394226), (u'Really', 0.6116551756858826), (u'Sorta', 0.5994439125061035), (u'whatta', 0.5938423275947571), (u'Awfully', 0.5936682820320129), (u'Sounds', 0.5925506353378296), (u'Isn_t', 0.5914238691329956)]





@robcthegeek Once upon a time Hundred Islands was the pride of Philippine tourism, but coral/clam/rare fish poaching did it in. Kinda sad 
Sitting at home and im very bored   keep hearing really weird noises downstairs. Kinda creepy
Off to the hospital soon. Kinda sucks I'm not allowed to eat anything  x
Kinda in a fog today....tylenol pm is not my friend 
@noirem When I was out yesterday, I was amazed at how few people were out, in stores, etc. Kinda scary.... 
Kinda missing SoCal b/c of all the events I'm missing  But I can't say I don't love being back in the beautiful NW.
Kinda glad this crappy and weird week will be over soon....gotta deal w/ all the  NCNSs @ work first tho 
@marodi that's just a scream in a desert. Some bugs that i've pointed out wasn't fixed in last 8 months... I'm just... Kinda disappointed 
Kinda sad that my show time is over for now 
@broodman. Kinda cause i've never seen them. The tix left are crap tho 
Kinda scared and don't like the look of it 
@room2breathe me either....and when I do it doesnt last long.  Kinda sucks when the weather is nice 
Kind of disappointing 
So apparently Mathpew isn't much of a tweeter ??? Kinda dissapointed 
Is violently throwing up! Kinda freaked out since I didn't even go out last night  or have one sip of alcohol!! 
Woke up this morning to the sun shining through the curtains and blinding me. Kinda nice actually. Still can't get to SH from work. 
in Rehab after a nice weekend in the sun!! Kinda busy @work so no more chillin.moods!!! 
Awww. Kinda sad to see T-Mobile lose the Starbucks contract. Kinda hoped it was some joint venture with O2. 
@ohjubi We should play it /in front/ of the video game systems... Kind of like our own audience... ... 
I'd like to think its just vampires playing baseball... But seriousley i need some sleep! Kinda hard to do with loud scary thunder 
is working her last day at KOP!   Kinda sad....
Kinda sad, why does history have to repeat itself 
Kind of sleepy, but I can't fall asleep.  I'm hungry.  http://twitpic.com/4gxm2
@RealAnnieDuke I know right? But it must B tough 2 find some 1 that would B down w/it. Kind of a catch 22-damned if u do-damned if u dont 
Iight people. I'm off this. What i just seen. Kinda hurt my soul a little.   l8tr!
Nica rum and crystal light red punch. Kinda makes me miss the family  xoxo
5,00 am ..... cant sleep! Kind of sick! 
Kinda sad how lame the 's/he's a little tied up at the moment' pun's gotten 
@ParkerAngel Imperfect rhyme admittedly, but how about AMARANTH?! Kinda tough to integrate into your lyrics I guess, but I did my best... 
My feet are starting to swell. Kinda hard to stand up for a long time. 
Kinda regretting my decision 2 stay up ALL night, but it was def. worth it! &lt;3 I cant believe we'll all be going home in less than 3 days 
@aweekes ah gotcha. Not a lot. Kind of stuck until back heals. 
me too im waiting to talk to shawn but i dont think i will tonight. Kinda sad 
Kind of obsessed with the idea of eco-kosher. Too bad I'm not any Jewish 
@home..! Badd day overall..!   ..! iPod on blast..!    Kinda hungry..!  Whts for dinner..?
@pokemonisrad it has been here, too. Usually my phone's blowing up w/tweets. Kinda disappointed 
Packed all my crap up today. Last night in CIW in my own room.  last night of living in the dorms. Kinda crazy.
Kinda disappointed about the matthew williamson collection in our stores....not too much to be found....actually nothing fit me 
Kind of down today, not sure why.  
@cassave Stop makin me feel bad bout it  it's fun... Kinda... Haha
Kinda felt food poison... diarrhea ~~  http://plurk.com/p/u9ysg
Yesterday I was informed that my session proposal for the SDN event in june did not make it through the selection. Kinda disappointed now 
@ddlovato how do u know who is real and who is fake on here? Kinda frustrating 
Just walkdd home by myself again, cant stand the guys here ew. Kinda scary hah glad i made it safely, i miss tobes  nightt
Is Kinda Lonely. 
Just been swimming It was great  Raining! Kinda sad  I hate that weather
On the way back to Fargo. Kinda sad 
Y is kearth 101 riddled with cancer commercials? Kinda depressing 
Kinda of enjoying rained out yard work this wkend, but payday will be rough next wkend when this grass grows all week 
@Angelsmind I didn't realise I was playing until he told me... Kinda stuck in the middle without knowing it... 
Kinda waitin for the patriots now  its over to soon
Kinda bummed I was not there....better a quake than a midwest tornado....I miss home 
Kinda dreading school, cuz i have to be mean today. 
Kinda sad I'm leaving my 2 ladies @ the house to head back to work 
Today is my first official day of work for the rest of my life. Kind of makes me sad I no longer have the kind of time I once used to. 
@gabriela Kinda bricking it. I'll know more in a week, but I put it at 50/50 right now. Not good odds. 
@y0rkfiles I've only got my maternal gma left. Maternal gpa died when I was a baby. Kinda sucks. I wish I had all my grandparents alive. 
@robertbrook I'd say they would definitely think yes. Kinda seems fair, but it would be nice if it were free... 
Kind of pissed that I'm considering grad school again. I thought I was done 
Everyone else liked it. Kinda bummed now. 
ready to get rollin!! Kinda shitty seats tho! 
when did &quot;names&quot; become more important to her...? And now her kids..Kinda disappointed...  makes me sad.
Kinda pissed missed a whole section of hair that i didnt curl.  
@Kennyzimlinghau and how did it taste?! ...Kinda like you won the gender lottery? haha 
@aboynamedart  Kinda sorta.  But stronger.   Dammit.  For a chick who talks a lot, I'm hardly articulate. 
Kinda misses being friends with @joysizzle 
Kinda feeling alone and a little depressed, all will be good though.  Separation anxiety from a loved one. 
If I were an heiress, I would be shopping all day  Kinda bad, I know
Tryin to get motivated to go downtown to meet with my girl friends... Kinda dont want to but I always cancel 
Kinda may have chickened out... 
Ugh. Kinda bored. 
Finally got a date for the bonfire tonight. Kinda last option but whatever. None of the chicks I wanted to go with never texted me back 
@GentlemanRiot yeah, I thought they weren't food grade, but apparently they were. Kind of a big waste. 
@myuze_me Thanks! Kinda bittersweet though 
Just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! Kinda mad cause I'm gonna miss the laker game! 
Watching Leno's last show. Kinda bittersweet. 
Kind of wishes she was at a kon with everyone else... 
Mood: Kinda bummed. Actually really bummed. 
Just watched vonnegutt shred it.. I guess I'm gonna go to door and hang now.. Kinda feeling under the weather. 
Kinda sad knowin no more Jay leno 
Kinda sad, I left my sweater at northside   @crownentlindsey you still there?!
Just did some hardcore reminiscencing  Kinda miss HS, but then again i hated it so dang much, oh well.
Kinda hungry but what to eat that will not just pass through me? 
Kinda upset this volunteer manager kept calling me while i was giving a talk asking for ppl phone number. I'm not a phone directory 
Kinda annoyed at iain for whatever reason. Just over everything in general 
I'm just about to have dinner. Kinda hungry now from the stomach flu I have...  Just gonna have some bananas and broiled fish.
Kinda bummed that the guy never emailed me back about that tricked out Jeep he has listed for sale 
I just gave away my car. Kinda feeling sad about it but guess I really don't need it anymore 
Last training ride before the bike goes in for a tune. Kinda windy today...the highway to the dam is closed 
Looking for apartments again. Kinda bummed the beach got rained out 
Kinda sad.. I miss u cathy hope ur resting peacefully love you soo mich my dominican princess 
@jontymisra OMGoodness, what's your phone now? LOL. But yeah, Oci Store had a terrible launch  Kind of upsetting.
Kinda wishing I wasn't alone 
Kinda not feelin today. Kinda disappointed.  *sigh*
Kinda drunk wishing my crush was here don't know when I'll see him again 
Kinda Missin J.L.A =/ -- ready 2 leave palm boring ! &amp;&amp; mad soup was live without me ! 
Kinda wishes she stayed back so they dogs wouldn't be alone all day and night 
@ElizaPatricia That was a bomb ass movie! Seen it MILLIONS of times. I know steps 2 tango they do @ the start &amp; end of the movie! Kinda 
Felling Kinda  right now . 
Kinda dwelling on my sorrows a bit with a uni assignment due tomorrow that I have no idea how to do  That's... http://tinyurl.com/ngtkm6
@tnbasement Neither. Kind of...vegetably and...boring. I don't have any ingredients at home to make sauce! 
Kinda glad I didn't go out today, this coursework won't do itself 
@hblake13 I'm sorry... I didn't even watch the 2nd half.  Kind of knew at halftime it was pretty much done. 
@teeman2110 thanks !!! Its not looking good  I I think I have to exchange it in the apple program. Kind of mad at myself.LOL
@Dulce3154 i'm good i'm good. Kinda hungry though. 
Kinda sad right now.........upstairs neighbor was evicted and just left for good   Gd reminder why no one should hit the bottle too much
Chillin at Jazzy's. Kinda sad there aint no bball on 2day 
Kinda freakin out that hockey season will be over soon. 
Kind of wish i never had a #tappsaff day tbh  http://bit.ly/GZR01
Watching Indy Car now .. Kinda boring since I missed the first 105 laps 
Kinda wanting the old Lonely Island back. . . . 
Kinda disappointed that i couldn't find my size @ forever21, why does xs n s always run out? 
Kind of grumpy because stupid Australian company took so long getting their act together, I have to go into work today. 
I just spent $87 on bras and panties. Kinda sad considering there is no one in my life to appreciate them 
coming home tomorrow! Kinda very sad! 
&quot;Binthia&quot; is serious now. She hot really quiet and looks mad tired. Kinda feel bad cuz she had to drive after only sleeping a few hours 
Getting ready for school tomorrow..... crazy only ten days left. Kinda sad 
@ my friend's house using his wifi. Visited the school today. It was nice to sit down and have lunch at the caf. Kinda missed the school 
Kind of a rude awakening when the person you love the most thinks you're an ungrateful bitch. 
Kinda getting boring here. Mom's not here, also my brother...Far, far away...  and now I'm left with my grandma.
Drunk texts/tweets are not usually my style. Kinda feel like an ass. 
Kinda pissed. Stopped by starbucks beside the fullerton stop and spotted this apple bran muffin - totally was gross.  2 wasted dollars
Kind of bummed  I guess I will go stare at eh JONAS poster on my ceiling =] that will make me feel better
Is working hard today!!  Kinda wish i could have stayed in bed though.  I hate having to get up on cold and dim days. 
Kinda scared to get in the shower since im so dizzy. If i fall over, no one will be there to catch me!  well...junior.....
@djaffe Kinda disappointing that you are not showing of your new game 
Kinda tired, drinkin coffee tryin to wake up... so not looking foward to doin house work 
Kind of blah today. 
@psylentmike every other Tues is rad! Kinda random tho! I want Fridays off but they said no 
I caught myself laughing to myself in a public place.  I thought of something funny and had a ridulous grin.  Kinda embarrased.  
About to go buy my first car. Kinda scared. 
Hates that I am only 24, 1 year shy of OME...Kinda sucks 
Wow, my followers are slowly diminishing! Kinda sad 
The girls are sleep. Kinda wish they werent tho Theyre my Company 
Kinda insulted! I don't get penis enlargement spam anymore! Now its all about refinancing and replica watches! 
Kinda sad to know that Jessica won't be on the show tonight 
Kinda sad to know that @JessicaPinup won't be on the show tonight 
Kind of wish I would've gotten anti-glare lenses on my new glasses for my astigmatism, but it was an extra $95 &amp; I was already paying 379 
Kinda mad that I bowed out of the mob 2 questions before the mob won an xbla game and 800 pts  #1v100
@Erock808 I ate Hamburger Helper today too.... Kinda making me want to palu now 
Being my besty just left me, I'm all by myself.. Kinda like that celine dion song  home after this drink .. Damn trannies!
@artistic_dreams, wow! Kind of funny but I have that same problem. I drive any way... 
LOL! @artistic_dreams, wow! Kind of funny but I have that same problem. I drive any way...  (via @jonleyiii)
LOL! @artistic_dreams, wow! Kind of funny but I have that same problem. I drive any way...  (via @jonleyiii)
Yay, no more english... Kinda... Geoggers in half hour 
@JamesMW78 Kinda like that for me too  I like my straight men to be hot and malleable.
Kinda in a sad mood.. Redwings lost tonight 
Just got home from Stricklands. Kinda mad like I always am. Its just like the past two days meant nothing! He makes me feel like shit 
Kinda bummed about my painting not being sold after all... Really could have used that $$  bleh.
Kinda bored , nothing to do at home and it's raining outside . 
username changed from @ToastandJamm to @Played_Out. Seems weird! Kinda got used to T&amp;J  but think that it's probably for the best! #fb
Getting an oil change.  Kind of sad about not seeing my first year students again.  
@cucurucha I live a lackluster life. I'm really sad I'm missing it. Kinda puts a damper on my mood. 
Kind of mad I couldn't go to the pool party  All this snow pollen had me sneezing and what not. Def not a good look while tryin 2 be cute
Kinda impossible to leave work through the front door  http://twitpic.com/6p4tt
@boiledpotato My bag stolen from beneath table @ pub tonight. It had all my stuff in it. Lots of bits. Kinda know how u feel bout diaries 
Still feel like I've been hit by a truck... No fun... No idea why... Kinda freaking/stressing me out. 
@djmelvis Kinda discourages me from going...  that, plus we need more clubbing friends that are in the area...  
Kinda freaking out about SATs tomm 
Gardens of the Night.  Crazy movie.  Kinda sad.  
Just got home from a fun night &amp; NO it was not a date   Kinda sad but i did have such a good time--danced like there was no tomorrow. HA!
Kinda don't want this vacation to end 
Kinda scared that 'Britney Fucked Vids' is following me 4 times, makes me think i'm a pervert with no friends 
Off to donate platelettes at united blood services. Whish I didn't have to go this early but it's a 2 to 3 hour process... Kinda lame 
Kinda gets the day off to a bad start 
Just woke up.. Kinda 10 min ago.. 
@A_True_Diamond.  comeeee already. Sheesh. I Might go to l a in 2 weeks but idk. Its a guy situation thing. Kinda dnt wanna be obligated
Just dropped daughter off at birthday/pool party.  Gone are the days I had to stay and keep an eye on her in the pool.  Kinda sad though 
Kind of sad this bday. 
Kinda scared to sleep alone in this house tonight  ....primo will be my bodyguard!
I am about to literally go take a long walk on the beach and watch the sunset. Kinda missing someone 
@mojoestrada Yay!!! I'm famous! xD Kind of a  disappointing album cover for a graphic designer though...  LOL xD
Kinda not feelin the upgrade on my socialscope 
@CharCharr nopes eastcoast then back to vegas.  Kinda sad i was ready for you to sculpt me tonight 
@anthywf gw juga ngga  @edziardo yeah..Kind of that 
The new blackberry.. Kinda interesting.. I mis my snoooze button! 
Awakey.  Dunno if anyone else is though.  Kinda sad knowing all my #mergay are drunkenly asleep and I'm not.  
Kinda down in the dumps 
Kinda sad bout the earrings I lost last nite!   can't wait till my boo gets home!  Missin her like crazy
Trying to train myself to be more organised and disciplined in order to be more successful. Kinda goes against my instincts 
Kind of bummed that the huge south swell may be too big for me to surf later this week.  http://bit.ly/gI678
Kinda down today  Broke up with the boyfriend :/
@cutestkidever feel better tomorrow!! Kind of sore today myself. 
 Kinda depressed... but not showing my emotions.. ahh fuck it ..
Kinda sick of working 7 days a week now, routine can get shitt   I think i need to learn how to rest
Kinda missing my Blackberry.... 
That was a good movie... Kinda sad though 
Kinda sad  i have no one who will care
Going to bed! Kinda sad but don't know why?  *ArTy~BaBy*
@5tephaN ha ha! You just made me lol pretty hard. I'm still stayin here for Chaminade sadly. Kinda wanted to get away 
Going to shook to take my 1st exam. 1out of 2. Kinda nervous. 
Going to school to take my 1st exam. 1out of 2. Kinda nervous. 
Kinda hungry  but instead I'll start watchin the 8th season of charmed!
... Kinda have my sad face on today... mimmy &amp; diddy are gonna go back to work today. 
Wish i was trusted with greater responsibilities than just what's given at work. Kinda sucks feeling unimportant and idle. 
Kinda over it but someone reminds me again -_- NOOOOOOOOO hmm can I forgot about that nonsense? 
It was soo quiet last night with my sister and nephew gone. Kinda sad. I had to put my TV and then the radio up loud to feel less lonely. 
Kinda wishin @Slim_babygurl was off again, even tho she mistreats me 
Night off from getting my daughter to sleep tonight as its a mommy night. Kind of glad as i feel terrible, might have caught something 
Kind of a crappy day at work...one of the weedwackers ran out of gas and I couldnt restart it 
@wayne_etc   No problem. Kind of a sad commentary on our youth today, isn't it? 
Kinda cold out here on the beach. 
@tiamcgill I knoww...I'm trying to figure this whole twitter thing out!! Kinda Slow at it too 
Shellah78 is there a reason why you have not added me to twitter yet?. Kind of hurt. Though we were mates.  lol
@Shellah78 is there a reason why you have not added me to twitter yet?. Kind of hurt. Though we were mates.  lol
The last two people we hired are going through a divorce. Kinda makes me worried 
Kind of bored sitting at home all alone.  where are you my friends?!???!??!? http://twitpic.com/7ij4s
@TotesMcGotes LOL me either!! Kinda risky  did u eat your funnel cake?
Kinda pissed at myself for crashing at 486 on flight control. Should have taken a break. Made a stupid mistake with a helicopter 
Kinda wants a new fone but doesn't know what will ever replace his blackberry  ...for now-its time to sleep!!!
I am in school. Kind of boring to do some homeworks at the computer 
Listening to my ipod.....bored....   Kinda in a funky mood again-suck!
Kinda thinkin bout my vacation plans this october, heart was set on orlando, but mom's afraid of swine 
It's 6 now, time to leave office ^^  Kind of lazy again today.. lots of tasks still pending.    But hey, at least I approved some claims..
Kind of bad night at work. I was throwing up and I feel horrible for my sister 
Kinda down today 
Kind of worry&amp;sad 
Just broke my favorite coffee cup---got it in a little shop in Sweden.  Kinda sad 
Kinda wishes she had a certain friend here with her right now ... 
Bubbles on charm school is so amazing. Lol. Kinda sick, not able to meet lauren conrad today. 
Kind of sick again, goodness gracious. 
Is feeling a bit ungrateful right now because he didn't get his car today! Kinda very pissed and confused about the whole situation. 
Kind of bored but is too lazy to find something to do. 
Kinda regret saying it's always cool in the house...now it feels so hot. 
Kinda sad that I can only say, &quot;Add oil!&quot; to Sgporeans... that's a nice saying you know. 
@jlneveloff promises are promises. I know. :/ Kind of sucks. 
@robday It doesn't  The dude at the O2 shop said so when I went in to ask. Kinda sucks. You have to use the O2 online calendar.
@simplyjesslee Have thought about going. Kind of tight behind on a worknight, tho'  
Honestly, this early in the morning? Feeling Kinda anxious 
My throat is all achy and stuff... Kinda scratchy too i feel kinda sick  oh drats
working. Kinda feel like throwing up...    
Hanging out with Chelsea for a while, then going home. Kinda sad that school is out. 
@Domness sadly, I don't feel these 'revolutionary' new features are very revolutionary. Kinda disappointed &amp; bored already. 
Feeling like crap today! Kind of just woke up. . . I can haz no sick 
@keasha_nicole Aha, I'm all better now as of today! Kinda.. I forgot to bring my medicine with me. I wasted all last week 
Kind of annoyed that my bf hangs out more with his friends than with me lately. 
Kinda hating the summer which sucks 
Kinda blown I woke up from my nap wit a missed text from @slimjiim and and an @reply from @mosunmola...hit them back and the plolly sleep 
Oh, Ricketts was released? Kinda sad, but kinda not really. 
Kinda tired.... but I have a lot of work I need to get done before I get to bed. Its gonna be a long night 
This is my first tweet from my new phone! Kinda missing the TwitterBerry app though 
Needs more followers ... Kinda lame number  LOL
Kinda bummed out 
Kind of in a crappy mood...random. I just wanna go to bed.. 
Finally got a pic of me on!! Kinda missing the jellybabies now tho 
I haven't *talked* to @beneubanks all day.  Kinda sad 
I missed the sound of my nails on my keyboard today. Kinda ished I hadn't trimmed them last night. 
Kinda sad about the first bottom couple on sytycd 
Down the cape relaxing... Kinda sad I'm missing the fun at home though 
@amfan_jenny I'm fine.. Kind of busy.. I have a pretty difficult exam tomorrow.. 
Kinda upset that my two best friends werent even at my birthday party 
Kinda missing  no matter how pathetic
Where's @anam_himura? Kinda missed him today 
Kinda very jealous. Doing geog fieldwork  sux.
Kinda wish we had reserved an iphone ahead of time. Cuz seemingly they are only letting those people in right now  wah!
Kinda embarrassed some guy hit on me n front of my mother 
Kinda Rainy  BUTTT its La weekend.
watching Close Encounters of Third Kind! i havent watched this movie in years .. then hell night at work 
 Kinda hurt u no longer follow me....@Bossmobb
Kinda depressed still from last night. I need my best friends comfort to get me through this!!!  we can laugh/cry again! Haha. Kinda. : /
Kinda sad nobody has come out to Relay  still going on til noon tomorrow @ scioto co. fairgrounds!
Kinda want to go out tonight but I have no one to go out with 
Ready for sleep. BUSY week; little time to tweet   But I SHOPPED!! Kinda rare for me to spend so much: books, quilt fabric, plants.
Just got home from the movies...Kinda sad.  By the time some of the movies I wanna see come out, my boyfriend will have moved away 
Kind of bored on a friday night 
@weelissa haha i'll need 2 remember 2 upload 2 it everyday. Kinda wish i had an iphone now..could use it on the move w/ the app they have 
Kinda in limbo, courting sucks  but maybe jst bein single is worth it. Eh emotionally imbalanced need 2 play some video games or photoshop
The confederate flag is an interesting choice to fly. Kinda makes me nervous. 
Kinda scared to be in san Fran by myself for 24 hours 
Kinda wished we were going to play some soccer today... 
On the phone with Rafi, feeling abit stress and pissed off.  Kinda a daily routine, but now with a reason!!!!
Kinda wish I stayed home now 
Kinda sad juss gave away one of my cats. One down one more 2 go. 
Kinda sad. At a benefit for a man with 2 weeks to live. Dying of cancer. At bar. To raise money for his funeral.  sad
Still tired. Kinda sad.  am i really that annoying?
Kinda cold to be laying out poolside 
I'm bored and hungry. Kinda want to go out, but I'm still sickies. 
Kinda mad noone at the picnic  i thought black people liked free food lol
Kinda miss the after party..  http://myloc.me/4Iwq
Kinda ticked off that the show tomorrow is off. That means No dierks.  @DierksBently &lt;~Leah&gt;
at my friends suprise birthday party. Kinda bored though 
Kinda bumed that the Angels are beating the Dodgers 
I saw year one last night, it wasn't what I expected  Kinda lame.
Kinda peeved that I missed all the good food 
What are you guys doing? Kinda bored here 
@buggin469 I'm jealous... Kinda miss you guys 
Kinda sick of smelling drugs now 
is back at the hotel. Kinda wished I stayed home... 
Kinda trying to work out the point of tweeting when no ones following me 
My aunt just came to my home. But there's no her naughty-little-boy. Kinda miss him. 
Just left the cemetary visiting my dad...... Kinda sad 
Kinda sleepy. I spent all night thinking of ways to tucson. Came up with a perfect way but i know it wont happen 
I want PAPPY all to myself today  If thats where he wants to be, I shall follow. Kinda selfish to make this day about me. But tomorrow....
Took the subway. From the stop closest to where I'm staying to the stop close to the office: about 10 minutes. Kinda unkept, too. 
Kinda upset because my fish &quot;Jacob&quot; is about to die  It may be stupid to be upset because of a fish but it bothers me ..
Having a less then productive day at work today. Lots of demands to put out fires and acomplishing very little. Kind of a rough day... 
@lukebenward that's kool! I'm watching tv... Kinda sad that school's almost over 
Kinda scared to learn how to drive, I think i'll be absoliutely terrible 
Kinda wishing I could actually fly...it'd be pretty neat. Math B regents tomorrow. Not excited at all 
Kinda sad now 
Kinda bummed I went to the Jonas brothers show to see people and didn't get to see them.  busy bees
@workinginworld I keep missing the inworld events.  Kinda conflicted with the SL Birthday opening speech too, today.
Kinda freakin lovin magickingdom. Kayla got a picture with snow white, no fair 
@cosmicblaze  I am so sorry you're getting a camera shoved up your butt at only 22..... sorry was that too explicit? Kinda scary.
Kind of have a stomach ache!!  this is not good... At all!
Kinda sad I will be missing @wearephoenix tonight. I will be at the Cabooze. 
Kinda upset I didn't get to see transformers today. Another failed attempt 
Kinda upset i didnt get to talk to my friend today.  tears.
Just watched that video again. Made me feel better.... Kinda.  still wanna see YOUR face again though.  nighty night. &lt;3
tiredd -yawwn- hmm, could be at the disco righ tnow  Kinda dev noww
I don't want either of the girls to go home  Kinda sad. #masterchef
Finished packing up my classroom yesterday in preparation for the big move!  Kinda sad 
Kinda mad I put an hour in the meter when that took every bit of 5 minutes 
Kind of missed those days 
@DBaker817 I do..and then I am an empty nester. Kind sad to think about. I have no doubt that all your kids are awesome. 
@chickbot Kinda like status updates 
@Tekee ahhh....I see. That's cool! Kinda like a t.v. guide for the radio? 
Kind of hopeful  I is excited.... WOOT!
@farbenfroh Thanks for your advice!  I will treat this as a stepping stone to a better academic performances. Kinda of weird but I mean it
@decryption I personally got used to turning off Growl notifications a while back - mainly for that reason ;) Kinda happy 'bout it since 
Kinda chill wind,warming sky -  my favourite  I can go out today. Just hoping for some1 wif me.
I was watching Desperate Housewives from my work PC and my eyes were tearing up with some scenes. Kinda embbarrasing trying to hide that 
Had a blast last night. Luv Kinda luv that giggle fit we had at the end. Kinda wish that night would last forever 
@patgarrat657961 I hope that your Beltaine was happy!  I didn't do any bonfires, But I did get plenty of work done! Kinda satisfying!
@tarnacious *grin* Kinda the point, but yes - sort of depends on how long you've got for your demo and how long you want to spend on TSQL 
@Smophs I AM!! Kind of. I still have to packs left. 46 days is a long time though 
@lakibaker http://twitpic.com/4eck9 - Where was this snapped? Kind of odd with the car headlights poking in at you. 
Kinda wondering how soon I will see @jasonbrummels - the #website genius himself is supposed to be there as well  
Still NOT asleeeep!!  And I'm glad you made me listen to a day to remember. I am finally a fan. Kinda stuck on it actually. Thanks 
Hubby won 30k by betting on Pacquiao. Kinda inis at for stopping him from betting higher.  haha.
@AreandBeeLS We live next to nature area and have tons of birds and such.... we hear them too. Kinda cool..  
Kinda crazy having 4 VirtualMachines under the same computer 
Alone in my grandma's house. Kinda eerie. At least my grandpa let me have some of his oreo stash. 
Kind of tired of poopy puppy patrol....who knew two lil doggies could make so much um...waste. They are super cute though 
@Pixeljunkie202 Kind of glad I never started Kings now - one less thing to be upset about 
Kinda doing nothing. Life is boring. I feel like changing my look. Let's go shopping tomorrow 
X-men movie was pretty good. Kinda predictable @ points but good action sequences 
Kinda feeling in a reggae mood.... hope you all enjoy the smoothness on this lovely weekend 
@bopuc Kinda the same here, maybe just a damn good coffee? Same dilemma, tho. 
@jukesie Kinda agree w @suzicatherine about the exclusivity thing, but I'm not familar w these sort of events, so take w pinch of salt! 
@hthrb2 I may sneak out and see it by myself sometime this week.  Kinda hard to see it as a couple w/ two kids. Doubt they'd like it 
That was fun. Kinda chatty. BPM seems pleasently switched-on about empowering their journalists towards multi-media. Fingers crossed 
@fustbariclation Kind of a cool idea-- Buying it in bottles.. 
@nbaisley Kinda sorta?  How are you today?
@jewels_610 haha! Yea I enjoyed a few drinks earlier too. Kinda nice since I dont do that often!  
Goinn to church at 4.  Kind of disappointed bout it but, oh wells 
@astroengine ahhh, understood. Kind of like hurricane logic 
Kinda feeling like puking even tho I didn't drink that much..&amp; back to the lake tomorrow 
@stinginthetail Kind of you to notice 
Now revising poetry, and is so bored. Kind of getting the hand of this twittering, and blogging 
Kinda surprised I actually have a &quot;planned&quot; weekend for once, and so early. It's exciting 
@20Tree unbelievable but I used PSPvintage warmer for mastering. Kinda nice since it does gives tunes an amount of power in an odd way 
Discussing stockings with @hellybellybutt via email. Kinda hoping noone reads them 
@kungfuanthrax I am doing great  Kinda tired.
@adambmetal ok one more toy... Kinda... Helps having a Japanese try hard mrs  http://twitpic.com/5olqr
@patrol28 the answer-- turned out to be... a nickname! Kind of a trick question..I thought 
@katiachic I wish! Nah, he draws that line. Unfortunately.   Kinda makes me love him more.
@JSi5 You could name your goat Baaahhhbby!  Kinda catchy, rolls off the tongue! Big Al can pronounce it 
Home sweet home  ohh and back to the cleaning thing!!! Almost done  Kinda...
@Radioblogger Kind of like a class in college -Oops, did I say that?  #hhrs
@pursebuzz Kinda excited for naked honey...I like the neutral browns from mac the best 
@neonpuddle it's good. Kind of eerie, but chill 
